VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 87.
THE NATION PREPARES
FOR WAR WITH SPAIN
THE PRESIDENT
WILL NOT BE
CARRIED AWAY
EVIDENTLY
HE FEARS
THE WORST
Time Is Wanted in Which
to Get Ready for
Hostilities.
There Is Such Grave Danger in
the Situation It Is Essential
to Calm the Public Mind i
if Possible.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 24.-The
Call correspondent was informed to
night by one of General Lee's closest
friends that a letter has been received
by him from the American Consul=Gen=
eral at Havana in which he states his
firm belief that the Maine's destruc=
tion did not result from accident, but
from design.
But, notwithstanding General Lee's
letter and the press reports cabled
from Havana, the President is await=
ing the result and cannot be carried
off his feet by the excitement, which
has been renewed. It is stated on the
best information that, notwithstanding
the reports from General Lee and other
officials, he will await the report of
the Naval Court before making any
recommendation to Congress.
There seems little doubt, however,
that the administration is preparing
for trouble. The hope that war may
be averted is growing weaker, but the
little hope there is left will sustain the
Government in the effort to keep down
public excitement as long as possible.
The sudden conservatism of the
Senate arises from a conviction that
a rupture with Spain is about to oc
cur, and a desire not to run the risk
of any false step which would enable
Spain to shift ground and fix the im
mediate responsibility for the con
flict upon this Government. The
situation, too, demands that nothing
should be done in this country to
give excuse, however poor, for a
popular uprising of the Spanish in
Cuba.
The declaration by Senator Thurs
ton in the Senate that it would be a
grave misfortune if our strained re
lations were to come to a crisis be
fore the completion of the Maine in
quiry, voiced an apprehension which
is felt by those most familiar with
the situation.
The accident theory of the explo
sion is no longer seriously consid
ered. The most conservative view is
that the chances of an accident being
shown are so slight that they are not
worth arguing. There is good reason
for believing that the theory has
been abandoned entirely by every
one officially i n touch with the situa
tion and that the men in Congress i
who would be relied upon for advice !
and support are no longer in ignor- I
ance. &
But it would be folly, and it is so
recognized by the strong men in |
The San Francisco Call
Congress, no matter what has been
their attitude toward Spain, to have
anything said or done by responsible
authorities which might hasten the
crisis.
Indiscretion here, either on the
part of Congress or of any executive
official, might endanger not only the
prosecution of the inquiry, but the
lives of General Lee and our officers
now in Havana. Moreover, there is
need of time for preparation for war.
There are many things to be done
which might be impossible after a
declaration. For this reason it is be- I
lieved that the investigation by the
board will be prolonged as much as j
possible. The danger cf their posi
tion will render it necessary that the
investigation in Havana be finished
speedily, but on the return of the
board to Key West their work will
proceed with deliberation.
There is an impression about Con
gress, in quarters where "impres
sions" usually have semi-official
foundation, that sufficient evidence
has already been found to make it no
longer a matter of doubt that the
Maine was destroyed by design.
A cable message was received in
Washington from Madrid to-night i
saying Senor Sagasta denounced as '
absurd the report that a submarine
mine destroyed the Maine. He says
such reports are circulated in order
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1898.
PREPARING FOR WAR.
TOPEKA. Kans.. Feb. 24.—Al
though every effort has been
made to suppress it. active prep
arations for war have been in
progress in Kansas for several
days past. Orders were re
ceived from Washington by offi
cers at Forts Leavenworth and
Riley to have all men ready to
take the field within twenty-four
hours' notice. Both forts were
the scenes of great activity
yesterday and to-day. It is said
the men and accoutrements are
now ready for immediate action.
to excite the American citizens to
recognize the belligerent rights of
the Cubans. But, notwithstanding
Sagasta's cablegram, the Govern
ment officials are to-night strongly
convinced that the Maine was blown
up by design or by the Spaniards.
The Call correspondent learned to
night that when Sagasta's cablegram
was received the State and Navy De
partment officials, after searching
the archives of the State Department,
found a letter from the Premier of
Spain in which he sought to prove to
the satisfaction of the United States
t*»Tt *h<? rebels could never succeed in
taking Havana because the harbor
was so well defended by torpedoes
and submarine mines. It is under
stood that the Spanish Government
even went into details as to these
harbor defense works, and that the
letter will be given out for publica
tion to-morrow.
The tone of the conservative press
of the East has entirely changed,
and to-day, without exception, the
newspapers declare the accident
theory must be abandoned and that
preparations for war cannot be
ignored.
Even the Philadelphia Ledger,
heretofore conservative, changes
tone to-day and says it must be ad
mitted the Government recognizes
the gravity of the situation and the
combination of circumstances that
may lead to war, and is preparing
for trouble.
The refusal of State. War and
Navy Departments to give out some
of the dispatches from Havana is
considered ominous.
There seems to be no doubt that
preparations for war are being made.
The commandant at the Marine Bar
racks has received orders to hold his
entire force of marines ready to de
part on a moment's notice. To-day
an intimation was given that they
might be sent to Key West the pres
ent week.
Word has been sent to the Naval
Academy at Annapolis that the
cadets there may be required to hold
themselves in readiness. The gradu
ating class, it is said, will be the
first called out, but all of them may
be pressed into service.
It is undoubtedly the present plan
of the Government, in the event of
actual hostilities, to blockade the
port of Havana and shut off all sup
plies. It is believed Havana could
not resist such a blockade two weeks
and that a surrender would follow.
GRUESOME RELICS
FROM THE MAINE.
The Divers Still at Work Bringing
Up Ghastly Fragments From the
Murky Waters of the Harbor.
Copyrighted. IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett
HAVANA, Feb. 24.— The scene on
and around the wreck to-day was one
of great interest. All day long divers
i from the wrecking tug Right Arm were
1 descending into or ascending from the
j murky waters that wash sullenly about
the Maine's scarred fragments. Now and
again one of them came up with some
grim souvenir of the horror. A few
personal friends Have been given some
of these relics by officers of the Maine.
Dr. Gallagher, an American physician
now visiting here, has a piece of the
table at which poor Jenkins was believed
to be sitting, when, at the sound of the
explosion, he started to his post of duty,
only to go to his death. Other relics
fondly cherished by those who have
them are the little nickel number plates,
scores of which have been brought to
the surface clinging to splinters of wood
that were once portions of the officers'
berths.
All this floating debris is being re
moved as rapidly possible so as not to
MENACE TO A HOSTILE FLEET.
Battery of Sixteen Twelve-Inch Rifled Mortars at the Presidio. Each Gun Is Capable oF Throwing
an Eight Hundred Pound Steel Projectile a Distance of Six Miles.
impede the divers as they work farther
into the bottom of the hulk.
Captain Magee of the wrecking tug
will soon begin using dynamite in small
quantities to remove such portions of
the iron and steel beam--, deck braces,
etc., as now obstruct his men's work.
Thin slings of dynamite, much like thin
pieces of tape, are used for this purpose.
The tape is wrapped about the obstruct
ing portion of the wreck at a point
where it is desired to sever it. The
dynamite girdle is then exploded ana
amputation is made as neatly as bread is
cut with a knife.
Around the Maine, until 5 o'clock this
evening, when the little Rache ran over
toward Key West with four more of the
wounded, lay the Mangrove, the Bache
and the Fern. The Mangrove, on which
sits the Board of Inquiry, is the center
all day long of a fleet of small boats
which seem drawn toward her as a
magnet attracts steel filings. These are
the boats of the newspaper correspond
ents, to whom nothing can be vouch
safed officially until after the close of the
session, and not much then. A hundred
yards or so beyond the Bache, wallow
ing idly at her anchors, rides a dingy
black barge. There is no life aboard her.
but across her thwart rest several white
pine boxes newly made, and above her
two or three of the harbor's great
winged scavengers flap their pinions
lazily and soar around in circles.
This is the Maine's floating morgue.
Tnto this grim barge of death are car
ried such bodies as are now recovered
and there they swing with the tide until
taken away for interment. In a close
cordon tightly drawn around the wreck
and the wrecking tug, which lies close
against what used to be the Maine's star
board quarter, the blue-clad tars of the
Alfonso XIII still keep watch and warn
off boat loads of curious persons who
attempt to come too near.
I boarded the Mangrove this afternon
while the Board of Inquiry was still in
session, just as a party of Cubans, in
cluding four ladies, came alongside, re
questing permission to inspect the ves
sel. They evidently shared the impres
sion, quite common here, that the little
lighthouse tender is one of America's
ships of war. Captain Belden received
them with genuine naval courtesy, and
through the aid of the Herald's inter
preter bade them welcome and detailed
an officer to escort them through the
boat, all of.it. save the cabin, where the
august tribunal which no man may ap
proach was still hard at its task — a task
which may be pregnant with the fate of
nations.
The session of the Court of Inquiry
this afternoon was devoted to taking the
testimony of two civilians (Americans)
who saw the explosion from the deck of
the Ward Line steamer iCty of Wash
ington, that was moored a few hundred
yards from the Maine, and of two divers
who have been at work on the wreck for
several days. j
CONCLUSIVE PROOF
THAT FIENDISH TREACHERY
DESTROYED THE MAINE
Even the Naval Officers at Havana, While Officially
Silenced by Orders, No Longer Seek Seriously
to Hide the Appalling Fact From the
Newspaper Correspondents.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, Feb. 24.— 1n the light of discov
eries made yesterday and this morning there is no
longer any reason to doubt that the explosion
which wrecked the Maine came from underneath
the vessel, and that her magazines had nothing to
do with the initial explosion and played a much
smaller part in the general disaster than was at
first supposed.
I can say it as coming direct to me from a
source as authentic and trustworthy as any that
exists here that siuce the important discovery re
ferred to was laid before the court yesterday after
noon the one member who was inclined to give the
accident theory the benefit of the doubt has wholly
abandoned the* view that the initial explosion came
from the inside of the ship.
The evidence that has served to con
vince the board was secured by Ensign
Powelson, an officer attached to the
Fern. Mr. Powelson was formerly in
the construction corps and took a two
years' special course in the Glasgow
School of Naval Architecture. He is,
therefore, a competent witness. What
he discovered was that the forward
part of the keel of the Maine with its
ribs and plates were stove upward so
far that parts of the shattered double
bottom show out of the water, and in
places sections of the green-painted
outer hull are visible.
My informant did not think it was
necessary to make any comment;
neither do I. The lips of navy officers
have been sealed by one of the most
stringent ar-i peremptory orders ever
issued by the Navy Department, and by
which they are commanded to give no
information to any one regarding this
investigation.
Right here I wish to fully exonerate
Mr. Powelson. He has held no com
munication with me of any sort and I
would not know him if I were to see
him.
In a previous dispatch I have de
scribed how the ten-inch and six-inch
magazines were unseated and hustled
from their place in opposite directions
and diagonally with the line of the keel.
To this I am able to add that the for
ward boilers were overturned and
wrecked. There were no fires under
these boilers at the time of the explo
sion. The fires were under the after
boilers only.
Corroborative of the evidence given
by Powelson and of equal significance
and importance is the result of the
close examination made' by divers yes
terday. What they found indicated that
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
the explosion came from a point be
neath the keel. A plumb line dropped
from a point just forward of the con
ning tower would have lain the lead, I
am told, exactly on the spot where the
explosion that hove the keel and plates
and ribs almost to the surface occurred.
The main force of the explosion
seems to have been exerted slightly
on the port side of the vessel. This is
consistent with the facts heretofore as
certained. Collectively these now in
dicate that the contents of the reserve
six magazines were exploded by the in
itial blast and that there was no explo
sion in either of the other two.
In the reserve magazine was stowed
2500 pounds of powder in coppe
tanks, each of which contained 200
pounds.
A number of these tanks have been
found by the divers, all crushed and
shapeless masses. It is important to
note that in the six and ten inch tanks
recovered the excelsior used for pack
ing the charges shows no injury from
flame or gases.
The powder stowed in the six-inch
icserve was used for saluting purposes
only. The magazine itself appears to
have been utterly destroyed, only a few
traces being left to show the spot
where it was once located.
The underpart of the ten-inch maga
zine is wholly inaccessible to divers.
In the upper aisle is a tightly wedged
mass of powder cylinders, too heavy
for the divers to extricate, but appar
antly containing unexploded charges of
powder.
The Dow torpedo tube of the Maine
has been located in the wreck. It lies in
the debris forward, submerged several
feet under water.
These are the facts as I have obtained
them from sources that I believe to be
entirely trustworthy and authentic. Now
I have not had the slightest hint from
any member of the court as to what the
verdict will be. That would be impossi2
MORE OMINOUS GROW THE SIGNS.
GENERAL MERRITT
INSPECTING FORTS
ON THE ATLANTIC
All the Sigos Point to an Early
Movement of Troops Toward
the South of Florida.
ATLANTA, Ga., Feb. 24.— Major-General Merritt arrived in At
lanta at 4 o'clock this afternoon and was met at the depot by Colonel
Co.>k, commander of the Fifth Infantry. Captain Oscar Brown of the
State militia and Mayor Colder of Atlanta were also at the station.
The general was immediately driven to Fort McPherson and went
into secret conference to-night with the officers of the post. This is
Merritt's first visit to Fort McPherson, and is creating a great deal of
interest in army and civil circles.
It is seml-officially reported at the post to-night that eight of the
ten companies of the Fifth United States Infantry are under waiting
orders, and that the ultimate plan is to send detachments of twb com
panies each to Charleston, Savannah. Brunswick and Key West. It is
expected that the order for the companies to leave for seaboard will
be promulgated at the conference btween General Merritt and the offi
cers of the post to-night. This conclusion, however, is merely conjec
ture among the privates.
An order was received to-day directing the immediate testing of all
guns arid a quick report of the ammunition on hand. The report Is
made now that there are at the post four hundred rounds for each man,
should the entire regiment be ordered into service. The regiment has
also a gatling gun of the most improved pattern, and there are on hand
50,000 rounds for it.
Colonel Cook was In conference with the railroad officials to-day
•with reference to moving men In the event that the contemplated order
for movement is received.
tie to obtain, but in this case, it is not
difficult to draw conclusions. I will say
tfu's, however, unhesitatingly and un
reservedly. If this same court should
End that the disaster was due to an ac
:ident, I will, knowing the character of
the men composing the court/ accept
that verdict without question, and will
believe that my informants have been
misled themselves, and have, in turn,
misled me. That I do not believe tlm
to be the case is evidenced by the fact
that I am sending you the story.
"You American correspondents," a
level-headed naval officer and one of
high rank said to me yesterday, "have a
tremendous responsibility on your
shoulders just now."
I assured him that one, at least, was
fully conscious of the fact.
"To make myself clearer," the officer
continued, "the American correspond
ents in Havana can exert a tremendous
influence on popular feeling at home, a
dangerous power to hold when the ten
fion is so great, and especially at this
s:oment when official mouths are closed.
But here is the main point I wish to
tnake. It is that all of you should sub
ordinate your loyalty to your papers
during this crisis to your spirit of pa
:riotism. Don't you see that the longer
the general public is kept in doubt, the
longer we will have to prepare tQ meet
the trouble that must come when the
truth is known."
Were I permitted to tell you the name
of this officer, you would appreciate the
startling significance of his words at
price.
I had a conversation with another offi
cer whose opinion would also carry
freight were I permitted to use his
nan!?. It was about the Maine and her
di>a?ter.
"Supposing," I asked him, "that it is
found that the vessel was destroyed by
an outside explosion, will that, think
you, be itself a casus belli?"
"If the Maine was destroyed by an ex
plosion coming from the outside," this
officer said to me, "you can depend
upon it that a mine did the work. No
torpedo could have made such a wreck.
Now, if a mine was under the Maine, it
was placed there before her arrival in
port. It is not to be expected it was not
placed there by persons in authority,
end upon these devolved the responsi
bility of seeing that it could not be ex
ploded by an accident, and that no one
except duly authorized persons were in •
formed of its location and connections.
If it is once proved that there was a
mine, I can see no difficulty in placing
the responsibility."
If there was a mine beneath the
Maine there is no likelihood that any
traces of it will ever be discovered, as
the wreck in going down must have
crushed under foot any fragments of a
mine that might have been left. The
niud is very soft in the harbor and the
wreck is settling in it at the rate of a
foot a day. The hull is now imbedded in
the mud to the depth of eight feet. The
divers sink to their armpits in the mud
and have the greatest difficulty in prose
cuting their work. Those engaged on
the forward part of the ship are under
charge of Gunner Charles Morgan, an
officer specially detailed from the flag
ship New York for the purpose, and
who has the reputation of being the
most efficient of his rank.
In Havana there is a belief, which has
been nurtured to the point oi convic
tion, that the Maine came to her un
doing by reason of some internal ex
plosion. Many, therefore, have been led
or misled into the belief that so far as
Spain is concerned the matter is at an
end. If all signs fail and the Court of
Inquiry reports that the Maine was de
stroyed by an inside explosion, there
is, from the standpoint in Havana, a
possibility that this crisis in the affairs
of nations may be. tided over. But if
the court finds otherwise, the pendulum
of belief having been allowed to swing
so far in one direction, must 'swing as
far in the other. Investigations in this
direction which I have made lead me to
believe that such a decision of the court
after the first surprise of it will be re
garded by the masses here as a "Yankee
trick" looking to' indemnity, and what
may result from this no man can say.
Accompanied by an American resi
dent here for a number of i years';- I vis
ited several cafes yesterday frequented
by the Spanish naval and military offi
cers and * attempted to talk with these
gentlemen. They are all very mysterious
ar- <? : c? >cerj t regarding tits di»uLer, and
it was impossible to glean anything but
hints.
I heard an officer say: "It only cost
us 20 centenas apiece."
What he meant I do not know. In
the course of the afternoon my friend
and myself were approached by the
Chief of Police and told not to talk any
more to officers.
In the Herald's specially chartered
tug, the Albert F. Dewey, the fleetest" of
her class in these waters, I left Havana
this forenoon. All was quiet in the city
at the time of departure.
HOPELESS APPEALS OF
FRANTIC RELATIVES.
Pitiful Pleas Not to Bury Their Dead
by Alien Hands in an
Alien Country.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— The state
ment in the Sigsbee dispatch, received
at the Navy Department to-day, "that
friends of the dead should understand
we are in the tropics," is understood to
refer to the urgent pleas of relatives of
the dead for the bodies to be brought to
the United States. These appeals con
tinue to be received here, and while
they excite the deepest sympathy of the
officials, no hope can brt held out that
the dead can be broughtlback. One of
these appeals make a j pitiful plea
against burying of the dead "by alien
hands in an alien country." -
There are circumstances which, if
they could be made known, would end
such appeals and would show that the
department has not been wanting in a
desire to bring the remains to this
country. These circumstances have
been withheld, mainly through a desire
to save friends and relatives from the
pain which would be caused by a full
disclosure of the effect of the explo
sion.
The press representatives have told in
part of the terrible mutilation of the
bodies, but it is feared this has not
been fully realized by friends and rel
atives. The men were sleeping on the
berth deck, with metal floors and ceil
ings, which by the force of the terrific
explosion, were ground together into a
confused mass. Knowing this, there is
little hope that many of the bodies still
missing will be found or, if found, that
they will be in a condition to be
brought to the United States.
MOVEMENT OF THE
TROOPS TO SEABOARD.
«
It Is Believed in Bailway Circles
That Plans Are Being
Made for It.
PITTSBURG. Feb. 24.— There is a
growing belief in Pittsburg railway cir
cles that the War Department Is mak
ing preparations to move troops to the
seaboard in the quickest manner in
case of an emergency. T. D. Lore, su
perintendent of the Pennsylvania west
of Pittsburg, returned to-day from
Washington. Mr. Lore admitted that
he was in consultation with Assistant
Secretary of War Meiklejohn. but de
clined to state the nature of the talk.
OFFER OF ADMIRAL
BOGGS' ASSOCIATION.
Naval Volunteers Who Patriotically
Offer Their Aid to the
Government.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— The Admiral
Boggs Association of Naval Veterans
of New York has volunteered Its serv
ices to the Government In case of war.
In a set of ringing resolutions made
public to-Jay the association says:
"While we anxiously await the re
port of the court of inquiry, trusting
These Spanish Ships, Don Juan de Austria and .Reina Christina, Now Stationed at the Philippines, May
Threaten Our Commerce in the Pacific.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1898.
that this deplorable catastrophe may
have been an accident, as first reports
seem to indicate, should it prove to
have been the dastardly act of a secret
enemy and the means of involving this
country in war with Spain our Govern
ment will require the services of all
the available men to man the vessels
of our navy. Therefore be it
"Resolved, That the Admiral Boggs
Association, as a body of naval volun
teers, being ever ready to rally to our
country's call in defense of 'Old Glory, 1
tender to the Government our services
in any capacity which we may be ca
pable of performing either on shore or
on board ship, and that copies of these
resolutions be forwarded to Washing
ton."
THE NATIONAL CAPITAL
SECURE FROM ATTACK.
Fortifications Along the Potomac
Capable of Repelling Any
Ordinary Fleet.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— Thanks to
the promptness and efficiency of the
chief of engineers and the chief of ord
nance of the army, the city of Wash
ington is now regarded as being well
nigh safe and secure from attack by
water. The fortifications at Fort j
Washington and Sheridan Point, on the
opposite side of the Potomac, are suf- \
ficiently advanced to be able to repel
an ordinary fleet of invaders, and in
case of necessity they could be vastly
strengthened in a comparatively short
time. These defenses are considered
sufficient to keep all hostile vessels be
yond the range of gunshot of the na
tional capital.
Moreover, the river has been blocked i
off and prepared for mines and tor-«
pedoes at a point below the fortifica
tions already mentioned, so that it is
probable some of the ships of an enemy
would be blown out of the water be
fore it would be necesasry to use the
guns at the forts.
The officers of the British warship
Hood to-day cabled from the island of
Creete expressing deep sympathy over
the disaster to the Maine.
FORT SAM HOUSTON
HAS A WARLIKE ASPECT.
Troops in Shape for Immediate Serv
ice — Rangers Eager for
the Fray.
SAN ANTONIO, Texas, Feb. 24.— A
special to the Herald says: There was
a warlike aspect around the headquar
ters of the military department of
Texas at Fort Sam Houston here to
day, for the first time since the Span
ish-Cuban trouble arose. The order for
target practice at a target range thirty
miles from here was countermanded,
and all troops are kept close to the gar
rison for actual service on a moment's
notice. It was learned from the captain
of one of the cavalry troops that or
ders have been given to have every
thing in readiness for travel, and an
uneasy spirit among the soldiers is
clearly manifested.
The situation at the post has caused
much excitement and comment in the
city, and it is generally believed here
that war with Spain is inevitable and
that the United States is prepared for
it. Old Texas Rangers are anxious for
the fray, and veterans of that brave
military organization declare that they
will protect the Texas coast without
aid from any other source.
STILL NO NEWS OF THE
OVERDUE LA CHAMPAGNE.
Has Nearly Five Hundred Souls on
Board and Much Uneasiness
Is Expressed.
NEW YORK, Feb. 25.— 1t is five days
since the French liner La Champagne
should have steamed into port, yet no
tidings of her have been heard since she
left Havre on February 12. She has 479
souls on board, including 48 saloon pas
sengers, 53 in the second cabin, 203 in the
steerage, her officers and crew, number
ing 175. The agent of the French line
cabled to Havre yesterday for a list of
the passengers and this, he says, will be
here to-day. His conjecture is that some
mishap has occurred to the steamship's
machinery and that she may be in tow of
some other craft.
The North German Lloyd steamer
Friedrich der Grosae from Bremen was
sighted south of Fire Island at 12;10 this
(Friday) morning. She may bring some
news of the belated Frenchman.
SUBMARINE MINES
ACROSS THE NARROWS.
NEW YORK. Feb. 24.— A chain of
submarine mines which extends from
shore to shore of the Narrows and can
blow up the biggest man-of-war afloat
has just been completed by the engi
neer corps of the War Department. The
work has been in progress during the
last three nights, and was conducted
with gr3at secrecy. It was completed
early this morning, before dawn. A
cable now connects the mines and the
touching of a button at Fort Hamilton
or Fort Wadsworth will explode them.
Relief for the Victims.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— A thousand
representative people gathered at the
Metropolitan Opera House this after
noon to bid for the boxes and seats
for the performance on Sunday night
next for the benefit of the families of
the sailors and marines who lost their
lives in the battle-ship Maine.
A New Adjutant-General.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Colonel
Henry C. Corbin will be appointed by
President McKinley to-morrow adju
tant-general of the army, to Bucceed
Adjutant-General Brock, who retires
on account of age.
INQUIRY INTO
THE DISASTER
Chaplain Chidwiek Is Ex
amined as to Personal
Experiences.
Divers Also Questioned More
Fully by the Naval In
vestigators.
Secrecy Enjoined Upon Those Who
May Know of the Treachery
of Spaniards.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, Feb. 24.— The court of In
quiry held its usual sessions to-day.
Captain Sampson reports that Chap
lain Chidwick was examined as to his
personal experiences at the time of the
disaster to the Maine, and that the tes
timony was taken of the captain of a
British bark in the harbor and the su
perintendent of the West Indian Oil
"Works across the bay at Regla, both
of whom witnessed the explosion. Mr.
Rolf, the British engineer of the float
ing dock in the harbor, wrote a letter
to the court, but. it is said, did not add
anything material to what was known.
At the afternoon sessions the divers
were examined more fully than before.
Their testimony is taken from day to
day. The court expects now to finish
here to-morrow, and to sail on the
Mangrove for Key West, where the
other officers and men will be exam
ined.
The wrecking tug Right Arm did not
go jiorth as was expected yes
terday. She is now moored beside the
poop of the wreck, and will save the
smaller portions as far as possible in
advance of the arrival of other tugs
with better facilities for heavy work.
The hoisting apparatus must be cap
able of raising scores of tons to be
effective in the work to be accom
plished.
Chaplain Chidwick reports that all
the wounded here are doing well ex-
BELIEVE WAR IS COMING.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— A St. Louis special to the Herald says:
Governor Stephens of Missouri believes that the sinking of the Maine
was caused by Spanish treachery and that the time has come for the
United States to avenge the deed. In an interview to-day, the Governor
said:
"There has never been any doubt in my mind that the Maine dis
aster was caused by Spanish treachery- Neither an apology from
Spain nor an indemnity will appease the wrath and indignation of the
American people. War to-day, in my judgment, is imminent, and Our
people should prepare for the worst Missouri will do nobly her duty."
* The C,r vernnV says he believes that the States will soon be called
upon for troops, and that in such an event the entire militia of Mis
souri and 300,000 patriotic citizens are ready to respond to the call to
arms.
who may dip at any moment.
Neither the officers of the court of
Inquiry nor the witnesses will give the
slightest indication of* the testimony or
the conclusions deducible from it, and
all say that the men employed on the
wreck have been warned to observe an
equally strict reticence.
This course is regarded as eminently
wise by the American and all intelli
gent Spanish officials, as there is no
telling what passions might be aroused
or what evil results might be brought
about by the talking freely on official
matters in the present state of public
feeling in Havana. Thus far Americans
are treated with the utmost courtesy
and kindness and it seems the special
care of the residents of Havana to
show friendliness.
Consul-General Lee says there is no
truth in the report that he had asked
Captain-General Blanco to dismiss
from Cuba certain newspaper men for
sending sensational stories to the
United States. On the contrary. Gen
eral Lee has never interfered with the
newspaper men in any way. To-day
the principal streets and buildings are
gaily decorated with flags and bunting
in honor of the Spanish soldiers— 2o29
infantrymen, under the comand of Jose
Amador— who arrived this morning by
the Bteamer Montevideo from Barce
lona.
General Solano, the chief of staff, to
day returned, on board the Mangrove,
the visit of the court of inquiry, acting
as the representative of the Governor-
General. Admiral Manterola person
ally returned the visit paid to him by
the court. The Thursday reception of
General Blanco was resumed this even
ing.
The insurgents have raided the Smith
and Fisher plantations, on the Canam
bo, in the Trinidad district, and killed
one and wounded five of the defenders,
>who numbered only seven. They burned
all the buildings but the dwelling of
Mr. Smith, and, according to the Span
ish account of the affair, took away or
destroyed $200,000 worth of provisions
and merchandise and : got $4000 in
money. ''..._
United States Consul Walter Barker
at Sagua la , Grande is reported ill. It
is said that he Is threatened with pneu
monia.
9
TWO BRIEF TELEGRAMS
FROM CAPTAIN SIGSBEE.
More Bodies Found in the Wreck,
Some in Hammocks Over
the Magazines.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— Late to
night the Navy Department received
two brief telegrams from Captain Sigs
bee at Havana. One related to some
routine matter of expenditures in con
nection with the work on the Maine,
and the other is as follows:
"Divers report more bodies in the
wreck. Some hammocks involved* in
debris. Probably not recognizable."
This dispatch indicates that the di
vers have finally secured at least a
partial entrance to the quarters in the
forward part of the vessel where the
crew were asleep when the explosion
occurred, and under which were the
magazines. One fact that the divers
were unable to extricate the bodies
shows the fearful obstacles against
which they are working, and bears out
the belief that the work of submarine
investigation will necessarily proceed
slowly.
Explosives in Readiness.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— There are a
large number of torpedo cases at Fort
Wadsworth and Sandy Hook in con
stant readiness to be filled with the
necessary explosives at a moment's
notice, says a morning paper. A con
signment of these torpedo cases and of
the cable used in the construction of
mines has been shipped to San Fran
cisco for the protection of the Pacific
Coast.
One From Sonoma County.
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 24.— A. J. Hol
land, one of the seamen who perished
in the wreck of the Maine, was from
Sonoma County, being formerly a resi
dent of Windsor. Much grief has been
caused by his untimely end.
INTEREST THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
Lively Debate in the House Over an
Appropriation for Yo
semite Park.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— During the
consideration of the sundry civil appro
priation bill in the House to-day Repre
sentative De Vries offered an amendment
providing an appropriation of $6300 for the
preservation of trails, bridges, etc, in the
Yosemite National Park. A heated dis
cussion on the proposition then followed
and excitement ran high in the House.
Representative Cannon, chairman of the
Appropriations Committee, fought the
amendment bitterly and was supported
by Chairman Lacey of the Public Lands
Committee. Representatives De Vries
and Loud defended the amendment and
on a division the vote resulted 83 ayes
and 4S nays.
The Committee on Rivers and Harbors
will have a meeting to-morrow for the
special purpose of hearing the delegates
who are here to urge aprpopriations for
the Sacramento. San Joaquin and other
nvers in California. Representatives
Loud and Maguire and Hugh Craig will
advocate the removal of Arch and Shair
rocks in San Francisco Bay
BEERS BROTHERS MISSING.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 24.— William L.
Beers and Norman Beers, doing business
as Beers Brothers, contractors, have been
missing since Monday. They have left
behind credits to the amount of $7000
and their whereabouts !r unknown. Some
of their creditors are inclined to the be
lief that neither of the brothers will be
seen here again.
The Beers Brothers had on hand two
contracts, one to erect a residence for L
A. Staple for $4500 and one to erect a
building for Clara L. Vallely to cost
$2800. Both structures were about half
completed.
The last seen of one of the brothers
was at Ventura. The creditors are the
Redondo Lumber Company, Barlys Plan
ing Mill Company, the W. C. Furrey
Company and Dr. Granville McGowan.
The sureties of the contracts are all good
They are W. C. Furrey. George Lane, W.
P. Schlosser and A. J. Crookshank.
Bunce Gets His Commission.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.-Franc!s M.
Bunce, commandant of the navy-yard
here, to-day received from Washington
his commission as rear-admiral. His offi
cial rank up to to-day was that of com
mander. Recruiting was continued to
day on the receiving ship Vermont. Up
to to-day only forty-Jive men had been
accepted. About 1500 would-be volun
teers had visited the Vermont since the
recruiting began last Monday.
To Cure a Cold In One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. AH
druggists refund the money If l* falls to cure.
25c. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
SHIPS FOR SALE
IN NAVY-YARDS
OF THE WORLD
Vessels the United States GoverQ
roent Could Buy If It Should
Con)e to War With Spain.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— 1n preparing for any emergency it is the
part of wisdom to ascertain the potentialities of the world to meet ne
cessities. Administration officials are not unmindful of this and
there are reasons for believing the possibilities of replenishing our na
val strength from abroad are not being overlooked. Many ships which
are in process of completion for smaller navies can be regarded as In
the market for cash. In the shipyards of Birkenhead, Chile has under
construction a torpedo gunboat of'quite formidable dimensions. It has
1200 tons displacement, 6000 indicated horse-power, an estimated speed
of 22 knots per hour and bunker capacity greatly in excess of the usual
type of torpedo boat. The normal coal supply Is given at 120 tons. The
cost of this fine craft is not given.
The Vulcan Works of Stettin, Germany, have under way for the
Chinese Government three powerful ships which may be in the market
for the highest bidder, because the outlook for cash payment when they
are finished is not very promising.
These three ships are of 8000 tons displacement, contracted to make
19.5 knots over a measured mile and are intended to carry not less than
1000 tons of coal. It is said that they can be bought in their present
state for about $2,000,000 apiece.
The Elswick Company is constructing for the same Government
two fine ships of 4500 displacement each. They are to be finished as soon
as money for their purchase is shown. The indicated horse-power of
these ships is to be very high. The speed anticipated for them is 24
knots an hour for four consecutive hours.
The ships being built for Brazil may be considered in the market.
If the United States wants them. Brazil's friendship for this country
would seem to assure that. So when the new cruiser of the Amazonas
type approaches completion, American money might convert it into an
American ship. It is in process of construction at Elswick, England,
and its displacement is to be 3600 tons on a normal draught of sixteen
feet. The engines will develop not less than 7000 horse-power and are
estimated for a maximum of 7500 indicated horse-power. The speed is
to be 20 knots for one hour and a sustained sea speed of more than 15
knots is predicted. The bunker capacity is to be 700 tons.
In this list of possibilities might be counted two fine ships for Japan
now nearing completion at the Union Iron Works, San Francisco, and
at Philadelphia, the Kasagi and Chiosa. They are of 4750 tons displace
ment and are guaranteed to have a speed of 22.5 knots an hour.
In addition to this there is also a fine craft for Japan at the Els
wick Works. It is to be of 4150 tons displacement and to have a speed
of 24 knots. Its bunker capacity is to be 1000 tons of coal and it will be
able to stow away at least 300 tons more.
It will be seen that there is a formidable array of warships that
might be bought by the United States in an emergency.
SPAIN SURE
TO REFUSE
Will Never Comply With
the Demands That
May Be Made.
When a Definite Ultimatum Is
Made This Country Will
Act Promptly.
President McKinley Understands the
People Will Not Brook Any
Diplomatic Delays.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Neither
Consul-General Lee nor any officials
here has ever suspected from the first
that the Government of Spain or im
mediate representatives of that Gov
ernment in Havana had any direct
connection with the disaster. In that
light they cannot regard it as a hostile
act; but it would, of course, be so re
garded if the Spanish Government
should refuse to make the reparation
demanded.
The real danger in the situation is
thought to lie in the negotiations that
may be undertaken for a satisfactory
reparation. It ia beginning to be seri
ously doubted if Spain will ever admit
that the catastrophe was due to any
other cause than an accident on the
ship, and if she should whether she
would pay the large indemnity, make
the disavowal which would be demand
ed and execute the person or persons
guilty of th& destruction of the ship.
Nothing short of $10,000,000 indemnity
would likely satisfy the authorities if
the question is to be settled on indem
nity basis. It is doubted whether Spain
would be willing or able to pay this
indemnity.
In the absence of prima facie evi
dence that the explosion occurred from
some implement of war under control
of the Spanish Government, which the
authorities here all admit may be very
difficult to furnish, Spain would be very
likely to haggle over the question of
indemnity and insist upon positive
proof before agreeing to pay it. It may
be accepted as a foregone conclusion
that a demand for indemnity will be
made if it is definitely settled that the
original explosion tuok place on the
outside of the ship, even though the
Government may not be able to prove
that a torpedo or mine under the con
trol of the Spanish Government caused
it.
If such a demand is made Spain
would doubtless resist it. and it is
probable that the United States would
be compelled to submit an imperative
ultimatum, which would leave Spain
the choice of a settlement or war. The
President appreciates that the temper
of the country is such that it will not
stand any prolonged delay in the set
tlement of the controversy over the
loss of the Maine, and he will be very
prompt to act when he has the final
conclusions of the court of Inquiry be
fore him.
DROWNED IN THE KLAMATH.
Young Half-breed Indian Capsized
in a Canoe.
CRESCENT CITY, Feb. 24.-George
Stevens, a young half-breed Indian, was
drowned yesterday in the Klamath
River, some two or three miles above its
month. Stevens and his married sis
ter, with a small child, were descending
a rapid in a canoe, when the boat struck
a snag and came near capsizing The
man and child were thrown into the
swift running water, but the woman
with rare presence of mind and prompt
ness of action, clutched her tender off
spring in the instant that singly was
available, and saved it.
Sweeney's Sentence Commuted.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 24.— Governor
Budd to-day commuted the sentence of
Charles J. Sweeney, who was committed
to Folsom in 1894 by Judge Wallace to
serve eight years for an assault to com
mit murder. The commutation will take
effect on March Ist.
if question put in ._» They were dis-
I earnestness. Pos- I • \%_ j
II siblyyouoan Jl CUSSmg the ad
V- reply. " ■ •Jf vantages of Cop-
per River in op-
. '^^mim^^' position to those
of. Dawson, when the quiet man of the
crowd remarked, "If I thought I would
be better off there than here I wouldn't
care which it was." His cheeks were
bright enough, but he had a listless air
about him. "What's the matter, Jim?"
queried one of the group. ' "That I
don't know," was the short reply, "and I
can't find anybody that does." ■ Jim
drifted away, and the talk turned to what
it was best to do for him, and every one
had a different idea. Miners on pros-
pecting bent don't waste much time on
sympathy tho', and but for his own ac-
tion Jim would never have seen the gold
fields of the North. . He drifted half aim-
lessly into the Hudsonian Institute a month
or more ago, and plainly said he did
not know what made him so weak. It
did not take long to locate the drain on
the system, and that , being stopped in
the course of a few days, he began to
mend at once. After the cure was.
effected Jim says that each man iof the
company knew that he had done the
right thing by looking just where -he did
for help, but they none of them had
sense enough to ,m '"■ni'_'
give him the J^*F~^^K
right advice when •if &i hma .J %
he needed it. lin t v Ml
I sure he has the J
V answer. Have i
The address of the Hudson Medical In-
stitute is corner of Market. Stockton and
Ellis streets. "Hudyan," the great
remedio-treatment for all nervous dis-
orders and lack of manliness, is the
sole property of the doctors of that es-
tablishment. It has cured "20.000 weak men
since its introduction. Circulars and tes-
timonials showing what it has done and
what it can do for men are sent quite free
to all who ask. If you have blood taint of
any nature or in any stage ask for free
"30-day blood cure" circulars. All free,
doctors' advice included. Get the help
you need.
Here Now!
BBul 0 liUn ■
Le Mont's Crystallized Eggs
Have arrived and are, in stock. - The
Klondike • outfitting trade supplied.
Every up-to-date . article here of a
practical nature. Klondike cooking all
day long. Call and ; taste, samples of
condensed "food.' Every article we sell
iTopen^r inspection. We have many
specialties: that will interest you. No
I obligation to purchase. r ' - ; '
i . '■ - - 9 ,'^ ' _ ' .;■; ' .. ;.'■■ \..' ,-,. >„■:.'- ■ .- ■■■'-■ ■■•"'■ '-''**''_*
CASH STORE
i 25-27 Market St., S^F. p.THE NATION PREPARING FOR WAR.
INCREASE
OF SEAMEN
FOR NAVY
Plans for Manning the
Auxiliary Vessels Are
Now Considered.
Information Sought From the
Naval Militia Concerning the
Smaller Craft That Can
Be Armed.
XETV YORK. Feb. 24.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Besides giving orders for enlistment of
an unlimited number of able-bodied
seamen, the Navy Department to-day
contracted for an additional supply of
g"uns for arming auxiliary cruisers.
Seamen are required, it was officially
told, for gunnery on the training-ship
Lancaster, which will go into conunis
sion in April, the cadet training-ship
Monongahela, the dispatch-boat Dol
phin and the training-ship Alliance. I
was also told it is difficult to get good
seamen and that the navy will take all
who offer themselves. The department
believes it will be a good plan to get
as many seamen as posible who will
be ready for any service that may be
required. I understand Secretary Long
is seriously thinking of the advisability
of placing the monitor Miantonomoh
(now at League Island navy-yard) In
commission, this monitor being intend
ed for the defense of Philadelphia. The
cruisers Minneapolis and Columbia,
also at League Island, will be placed in
: iissi.>!i at an early date if the Sec
retary regards the situation sufficiently
serious. Many seamen are required for
these ships, and in the event of emerg
ency the seamen enlisted for the
-Mninngahela and Alliance will un
doubtedly be placed on board the ves
sels at L'-'asui 1 Island. In not placing
a limit on the number of seamen to be
enlisted, the department appreciated
that there would be no danger of ex
ceeding the number allowed by law.
Even should the number be exceeded,
the department understands the naval
• :• hi!?, which will soon be
r' ported favorably to the House, au
thorizes an increase of the enlisted
force.
The bill reported provides that the
!■>!.:] number of men and boys in gen-
I service and under training shall
■* exceed 11,800 men and 1200 boys.
The present law only permits an elist
mont of 11,000 men and COO boys, so
that the total increase authorized will
imt to SOO men and 750 boys. Al
though It is said at the department
that this is not sufficient it is appre
ciated that it will enable the depart
ment to place all the monitors and the
Minneapolis and Columbia in commis
sion without difficulty.
A contract for guns for auxiliary
cruisers was entered In to to-day by
O.ptain O'Nell, chief of the Bureau of
Ordnance of the Navy Department,
v.-'.th the American Ordnance Com
pany. It provides for supplying to the
-tment thirty six-pounder rapid
fire guns. They will not be delivered
before summer. Captain O'Neil told
rr.e there was no significance attached
!' the contract. He said the company j
■"■"mpleted several days ago its con
tract made with the department some
months ago, and that in order to keep
the works in operation he had deter
mined to make another contract. The
puns will cost $1100 each, making the
t >tal contract 533.000. I understand
that the Naval Committee has included
In the bill an item appropriating $250,-
0"0 for the purchase of reserve guns
for the auxiliary cruisers instead of
$5r'9,00G5 r '9,OOG as recommended by Captain
O'Nell. Thp guns now available for
auxiliary crulserß Include forty-nine
four-inch, forty five-inch and forty-one
six-inch. As a reserve for the navy
there are on hand four eight-inch, four
tt-n-iruh, two twelve-inch and two
thirteeen-inoh. The department also
has on hand a moderate supply of guns
of one and six plunder types.
Besides the vessels mentioned In the
Herald this morning as being availa
ble for service as auxiliary cruisers, the
department has taken measures to as
certain the number of small steam ves
sels which would be useful as gunboats,
tugs as rarr.s and steam yachts as tor
pedo boats.
Assistant Secretary Roosevelt sent ln-
structions to the various militia organi
zations In all parts of the country call-
Ing for this information. He instructed
them to classify craft. For instance,
he desires to know how many steam
vessels In the district are capable of
maintaining' a speed of from nine to
twelve knots at sea in ordinary weath
er and 'sufficiently strong and stable to
carry a battery of at least two '•♦-inch' j
and four 6-pounder rapid firing {runs. In i
order to ascertain the number of tugs |
that would be available for use as rams i
the department has directed naval mi
litia ' fleers to report only such iron
and steel tugs as shall be particularly
heavy in construction, especially for
ward, and have a speed of about twelve
knots and a displacement of not less
than 250 tons. Upon such tugs will be !
mounted at least two 6-pounder rapid !
firing kuij«. {
The instructions of the Assistant Sec- j
retary contemplate a division erf steam !
yp.chts as torpedo boats Into three
vlaspes. Yachts of the first claps mum j
rt.'ive a speed: of 13 knots an hour for :
two consecutive hours, and be capable |
i>f mounting, two Whitehead torpedo !
tubfc--, long; ami short, and two six
pounder rapld-flre guns. Yachts of the I
second class must have a speed of from j
v to is knots, and be sufficiently strong j
to mount one TVh!tehead to-rpedo tube
and one one-pounder rapid-fire gun.
Yachts to be available as torpedo
launches must have a speed of from
9 to 14 knots per hour, and carry one
short Howell or WhiHehead torpedo
tube and one one-pounder gun.
It was officially reported to the Navy
Department to-day that the monitor
Terror had left Norfolk for Hampton
Roads, where she arrived a few hours
later. Secretary Long said this even
ing that in directing that the Terror
and Puritan be placed in commission
he was actuated solely by a desire to
keep up the armored strength to the
point occupied before the destruction
of the Maine. As to the movements of
the Terror, the Secretary said she
would either go to some northern port
or join the North Atlantic squadron.
It can be positively stated that the
Terror will proceed to New York in
case the Vizcaya should remain at that
port an indefinite period.
The cruiser Cincinnati reached the
Barbadoes to-day, and the Castine will
officially report her arrival at that
place to-morrow. These vessels will
remain at that port until further or
ders.
The only exact information received
by the Navy Department from Havana
during the day was conveyed in Cap
tain Sigsbee's telegram, which said:
"HAVANA. Feb. 24.— Long. Secre
! tary of the Navy: Wrecking tug Right
Arm arrived yesterday. Begins work
to-day, lfacfa encumbering metal must
be blasted away in detail. Navy divers
down aft seven days, forward four
days. Bodies of Jenkins and Merritt
not found. Two unidentified bodies of
crew found yesterday. After compart
ment filled with detached broken and
buoyant furniture and fittings, mud
and confusion. Spanish authorities con
tinue offers of assistance and care for
wounded and dead. Everything that
goes from the wreck to the United
States should be disinfected. Wrecking
company should provide for this.
"The surgeon of the Maine, after con
sulting with others, has recommended
that all bedding and clothing should be
abandoned. It might go to acclimated
poor. Useless fittings and equipments
might be towed to sea and thrown
overboard. Will take all immediate re
sponsibility, but invite department's
wishes. Shall old metal of superstruc
ture and the like be saved? Friends of
the dead should understand that we are
in the tropics. Chaplain Chidwick is
charged with all matters relative to the
dead. His conduct is beyond praise.
Don't know what reports are being
printed, but the intensely active repre
sentatives of the press here have been
very considerate of me and my posi
tion. SIGSBEE."
Secretary Long immediately replied
to Captain Sigsbee, approving all his
recommendations. He was directed to
have Wainwright, executive officer of
the Maine, make arrangements with
the wreckers for the disinfection of
everything sent to the United States.
GUARD THE" MOUTH
OF THE MISSISSIPPI.
Guns That Will Keep Any Hostile
Fleet Away From the Cities
of the Great Valley.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 24.— The naval
defense of New Orleans is of particular
interest to the people of the Mississippi
Valley and the big cities along the
j Ohio, Missouri, Red, Cumberland and
: Tennessee rivers, for the simple reason
' that If foreign ships of war were to
j pass Fort St. Phillip and Fort Jackson,
| a contingency by no means impossible,
! the very heart of the most prosperous
section of the United States would be
at their mercy. Fort St. Phillip Is al
most finished and will soon be turned
I over to the Government by Major
Quinn. the engineer in charge. Two
! companies of artillery now quartered
i at Jackson Barracks will soon be de
; tailed at Fort St. Phillip. Fort St.
Phillip will be strongly fitted out in
the way of guns. Two big ten-Inch
rifles are already at the fort, and it
would not, so Major Quinn said to-day,
take more than twenty-four hours to
get them In place if occasion arose for
rush work. The foundations for the
placing of two eight-Inch rifles have
been commenced and are well under
way. The eight-Inch guns have not
arrived, but tho disappearing carriages !
are on their way.
in addition to the eight and t*»n Inch
punp, a battery of rapid-fire guns will
be put In position before the transfer
is made, and there will be In addition,
to round out the armament of the fort,
a battery of twelve steel mortars.
The ten-Inch guns are terrors. They
have a range of twelve miles, and wot
to the ship that attempts to steam past
them. The eight-inch guns are not to
be sneezed at, and the rapid-fire guns
and mortars car. make it hot for an
enemy at closer range. The eight-Inch
guns are mounted on disappearing car
riages and ar» breech-loaders.
Major Quinn has had no Instructions
to rush the fort to completion, and no
i-xtra force of men has been put on.
No color in lent to the rumor that the
Government is preparing for war by
the condition of affairs at Jackson Bar
racks or Fort St. Phillip
To Cure a Cold Irj One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All |
druggists refund th» money If It fails to cure.
25c The genuine has JU B. Q. on each tablet, i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1898.
LIEUTENANT-COMMANDER ADOLPH MARIX, U.S.N., Who Is Acting as Judge-
Advocate of the Maine Board of Inquiry.
RELIEF FOR
THE VICTIMS
Unfortunates of the Maine
Are Not to Be Neg
lected.
Uncle Sam Will Also Provide
for Those Who Depended
Upon the Slain.
Boutelle's Bill to Give Twelve
Months' Pay to the Crew or
to Their Heirs.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Feb. 24.
Representative Boutelle of Maine,
chairman of the Committee of Naval
Affairs in the House, introduced a bill
late this afternoon providing for the
relief of the victims of the United
States battle-ship Maine. It follows
generally the lines of the Samoan dis
aster relief bill of 1890, and is the re
sult of several days' conference in com
mittee, and embodies the views of the
administration.
Chairman Boutelle had a conference
with President McKinley to-day, at
which he went over with him the pro
posed legislation, and later submitted
the measure to an Informal meeting of
some of the committee. It will be re
ferred back to the committee, Imme
diately acted on there and its passage
by Congress expedited.
The bill provides for the payment of
twelve months' sea pay to the widow,
child or children, or, If there be none
such, to the parent or parents, or if
neither of those, to the brothers and
sisters, of each of those killed in the
Maine. In addition the legal heirs of
each of the victims shall receive any
arrears of pay due at the time of death.
It is provided, also, that any allot
ments previously made by any of the
deceased in favor of any relatives of
the degrees mentioned, shall be con
tinued for three months, the amounts
so paid to be deducted in the twelve
months' pay otherwise allowed.
Claims for the relief thus provided
must be filled with the Secretary of the
Navy within two years from the date
of the passage of th& bill, and it Is
provided further that such relief shall
be accepted in full compensation and
satisfaction of any and all clamis on
the part of the beneficiaries on ac
count of loss or death through the
destruction of the Maine.
The bill also appropriates $10,000 for
the removal, so far as practicable, and
burial in the United States cemetery at
Arlington, of the remains of the vic
tims, with a further provision that
relatives of any of such deceased may
require the remains to be conveyed to
their homes within the United States
at the Government's expense for burial.
The removal of any body is made rnh
ject to the discretion of the Secretary
of the Navy.
MONITOR IS NEEDED
IN THE KENNEBEC.
j Protection Is Asked for the Bath
Iron Works and Vessels Under
Construction.
NEW YORK. Feb. 24.— A Bath (Me.)
special to the Herald -lays: General T.
W. Hyde hos sent a message to Hon.
Nelson Dingiey, representative In Con
gress of the district in which this city
Is situated, and to the Secretary of
War, asking that one of the monitors
be sent here for the protection of the
Bath Iron Works. It was mentioned
that what repairs might be necessary
could be soon accomplished here and a
monitor would be efficient In protecting
the city of Bath as well as neighboring
cities and towns from an enemy.
In case of war with Spain the ship
building plants along the coast would
naturally immediately receive the at
tention of the Spanish navy, and the
Bath Iron Works, where work is being
rushed on the engines and hulls of two
modern torpedo boats of 30Vi knots
speed, would not be overlooked.-
Lieutenant McGrann of the United
States navy, stationed at the iron
works during the construction of these
boats, was interviewed to-day and said
that he thought it would be very ad
visable to have a monitor in the Ken
nebec for the protection of this impor
tant station. (Jeneral Hyde and Lieu
tenant McGrann have conferred to
gether on the subject and both are of
the same opinion. The lieutenant men
tioned, however, says that doubtless
little destruction would be accomplish
ed by Spanish warships ordered to this
coast if they were only able to advance
as far as the month of the river, as the
enemy would have no target, and it
would be all fuss work and one chance
out of fifty of results being disastrous.
The monitors are designed for navi
gation in sho;il waters, and while they
are not as satisfactory they carry
larger guns than vessels ordinarily of
their tonnage. One of these heavily
armed ironclads could easily protect
this harbor from an enemy coming by
sea.
WARNING GIVEN
AT THE CONSULATE.
A Spaniard. Supposed to Be Ue
ranged. Who Said the Maine
Was Going to Be Blown Up.
NEW YORK. Feb. 24.— A special
cable from Havana to the Evening Sun
says: It is useless to attempt to enu
merate the number of coincident stories
and theories which are circulating on
the causes of the Maine disaster, nearly
all going to prove that the explosion
was intentional.
One of the most mysterious coinci
dences is that a man who seemed to be
a Spaniard came to the American con
sulate a few days before the explosion
and, addressing himself to Mr. Hyatt,
whom he mistook for Consul Lee, said:
"Mr. Consul. I have come to in
form you that the Maine is going to
be blown up. Take the vessel away
and let me go with it, otherwise I
am a lost man."
Hyatt has charge of distribution of
American supplies for reconcen
trados. His desk is at the entrance to
the consulate, and he is daily ap
proached by hundreds of weeping
women and men who are half deranged
owing to the effects of starvation.
He paid no attention to the man,
who then addressed Vice-Consul
Springer. Mr. Hyatt motioned to Mr.
Springer to pay no attention to the
stranger; that he seemed crazy. On
the day before the explosion he came
to the consulate three times. He was
very much excited. Since then no one
has seen him.
COMMANDER BUCKLAND
CALLED TO WASHINGTON.
It Is Evident Naval Reserves Would
Play an Important Part in
Case of War.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— A New Haven,
Conn., special to the Herald says:
Commander Edward C. Buckland of
the Connecticut Naval Battalion left
for Washington to-day in response to
the following telegram: "Commander
Buckland of the Wyandotte will report
to the Navy Department at Washing
ton on Friday."
As stated in the Herald this morn
ing, repairs are now being made upon
the Wyandotte, which is one of the
old monitors that has been anchored
in this harbor for the use of the naval
reserves. Engineer Trownridge of the
reserves has been instructed to pre
pare a list of shipping vessels of Long
Island Sound that could be used in
time of war. Commander Buckland left
New Haven very suddenly, and did not
inform any of nis friends or officers of
his battalion of th^ nature of his mis
sion. It is believed, however, that he
has been summoned to Washington as
a result of the activity of the Navy
Department in all its branches.
SIGNAL CORPS IS
ORDERED TO BE READY.
One Branch of the Connecticut Mili
tia Would Be Very Useful
to the Army.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— A Bridgeport,
Conn., special to the Herald says:
Instructions have been received by the
Brigade Signal Corps of the Connecti
cut National Guard to be ready for
service. One of the high officers said
to-day that the order they had re-
I ceived was precautionary and that
troops would not be ordered out of the
State, but that the Brigade Signal
Corps was rated equal to any similar
corps in the regular army.'and in the
event of war might be called to Key
West.
THIS WOMAN
WOULD FIGHT
Miss Lou Heid Ready to
Battle With the
Spaniards.
Willing to Cast Aside Scissors
* and Razor and Shoulder
a Musket.
Says She Is Not a "Jingo," but Offers
to Join the National
Guard.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON. Feb. 24.— Miss Lou Held,
who runs a little barber shop on Weber
avenue, is one of the most original
women in the world, and as her occu
pation of barber shows she does not
hesitate to enter the lists with sterner
man for a livelihood in this world. Now,
Miss Heid does not appear to lack in
patriotism or whatever that quality is
that makes people with fiery hearts
talk of shouldering muskets. While
many men are talking of avengmg the
national honor, here is a woman who
is willing to become a Moll Pitcher and
man a gun in defense of the country.
Miss Heid has not let her intention end
with talk. She has, after some effort,
prepared a communication which she
Intends to send to Captain Johnson of
Company A, in which she sets forth
her views on the Cuban matter, and is
credited with evolving the following:
Captain \V. R. Johnson. Company A —
Dear Sir: I have been reading in the pa
pers that there may be a war in this
country with Spain. I ain't one of those
"jingoes." or whatever you call them, but
I don't think our flag ought to be insulted
by a lot of Spaniards. And then think of
the brave seamen lost. If they died in
war, it would have been different, but
they went down like rats in a trap. Now.
Captain Johnson, I am a woman and earn
my living in a barber shop on Weber ay.-.
nu'f\ and because I do that some may say
I am like a man. I may be a little <in
fprent from others of my sex. and I ain't
afraid of no man. Now. this is what T
want to say: I have heard of women in
war, and if your company is called out I
am willing to shoulder a musket and fight
for this country.
LARGE CONTRACT FOR
PROJECTILES FULFILLED.
Supply 'of Big Ammunition In
tended for the Use of
the Army.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— A Richmond,
Va., special to the Herald says: The
Tredegar Iron Works shipped five car
loads of projectiles to New York to
day, the fulfillment of a contract en
tered Into some months ago between
the United States Government and the
management of the works. The first
shipment was made last September,
and the date set for the completion of
the contract has been anticipated by
four months.
Eleven hundred projectiles were or
dered, ranging in weight from 1000 to
3000 pounds. The largest one measures
four feet in length and twelve inches
in diameter. They have been manu
factured under the personal supervision
of A. C. Meagher, local inspector of the
Ordnance Department, and each pro
jectile has been inspected and ap
proved. There is no significance to be
attached to this shipment to-day, as it
is merely the fulfillment of an old con
tract, and the projectiles are intended
for the army and not for navy use.
•
Foresters Sympathize.
Court American No. 7916 at Its last
meeting unanimously adopted the fol
lowing:
Whereas, We have learned that a terri
ble calamity has befallen the United
States battle-ship Maine and the men
thereof; and whereas, we believe that
it is the duty of every American citizen
to sympathize with the bereaved families
of those who lost their lives in the service
of their country; therefore, be it
Resolved. That we, as a lodge com
posed of American citizens, extend our
sympathy to the sorrowing families and
friends of those brave men who were so
suddenly summoned.
PLANTED
MINES AT
HAVANA
A Startling Story Obtains
Credence at Key
West.
Was the Mine That Destroyed
the ll!=Fated Maine Laid by a
Citizen of the United
States ?
KEY WEST, Fla., Feb. 24.— A sensa
tional story was started to-day to the
effect that several weeks ago a con
tractor who had been engaged in plac
ing sewers at the United States bar
racks in this city asserted there had
been awarded to him a contract to do
similar work in Havana. It is known
that this contractor did revisit Ha
vana, also that he engaged the serv
ices of a young man residing in this
place. It is now alleged that this con
tractor carried some dynamite from
here which he said was to be used in
excavating and other work connected
with his contract. It is likewise said
that before leaving for Havana he was
a frequent visitor at the Spanish con
sulate in this city, and that prior to
the sailing he obtained some letters of
introduction from the officials of the
consulate.
The story now told is that his mis
sion to Havana was to place dynamite
bombs in Havana harbor, but that he
did not do the work in person. It is
alleged that he prepared the plans and
another man carried out the dirty part
of the plot under his supervision.
The story is told to-day by a young
man who accompanied the contractor
to Havana, but he professes to know
nothing of the work done, which was
accomplished by the mysterious per
son engaged by the contractor. This
person is said to have disappeared.
The standing of this contractor and
the high character of his associates
throughout this State would unite to
make a great sensation here if his
name were made public in connection
with the story of the disaster.
In connection with the claim made by
the Cubans that there are mine galler
ies under the harbor of Havana, lead
ing from subterranean passages and
known to have existed for years before
the construction of Fort Cabannis
and Morro Castle, the Spaniards ex
plain that for over a century a subter
nanean passage about two miles long
and eight feet at its narrowest diam
eter, capable of giving passage to a col
umn of troops, has existed from the
navy yard to Castillo del Principe.
But, the Spaniards further assert, the
existence of this passage was not
known to the present authorities or to
those who have ibeen in power for many
years past. The entrances and exits,
it is added, have been closed for years
past by thick walls now covered with
debris, and their exact location is said
to be lost. At the same time, it is ad
mitted that matter regarding the sub
terranean passage can be found in old
documents contained in the archives
of Havana. Finally the Spaniards in
sist that this passage does not go under
the harbor at any point.
The arrival of the steamer Olivette
from Havana last night differed in no
respect from any of her previous trips,
notwithstanding stories that Consul-
General Lee would arrive by the
steamer and be accompanied by the
entire American colony of Havana, or
dered by Lee to seek safety in flight
before it was too late. As a matter of
fact less than a dozen Americans ar
rived, several of whom make regular
weekly trips between Havana and this
port on business.
Scores of correspondents, more,
really, than there were passengers,
were on hand ready to interview the
new arrivals, but they had their
trouble for nothing, as the few who did
talk could furnish nothing additional
to what was already known here.
From one of the passengers I learned
that General Lee had advised several
Americans who were visiting Havana
with their families for pleasure, if
they felt any uneasiness to return to
the States at once.
Among the passengers who arrived
was Lieutenant Holman of the ill
fated Maine, who received a hearty
welcome on the wharf from Comman
der Forsythe and Paymaster Jewett of
this naval station, and the officers of
the Maine who are still quartered at
the hotel here. Like all the other offi
cers. Lieutenant Holman declined to be
interviewed, but expressed the opinion
thit the Board of Inquiry would finish
its investigation within the next few
days, and leave for Key West, where
the session will be continued.
Considerable indignation has been
expressed tome to-day by officers of the
Maine at the action of certain New
York papers in publishing "fake" in
terviews with them and reproducing
letters alleged to have been written by
them to relatives and friends in the
North giving accounts of the disaster
to the Maine and describing their sen
sations during the explosion. One of
the most indignant is Lieutenant Cat
lin, whose signature, he says, was at
tached to a "fake" letter published in
a sensational paper, and alleged to be
addressed to a relative in New Jersey.
It was printed under sensational head
lines, but he characterizes it as a fraud
of the first magnitude.
Mrs. Sicard, wife of the admiral, ar
rived this afternoon by steamer from
Miami, and was joined by her husband,
who, with some of his personal staff
from the flagship New York, came up
from the anchorage outside the bar
this morning. Mrs. Sicard is accom
panied by Miss Sicard and Miss E. De
lafield. They are comfortably quar
tered at the Hotel Key West.
Among the passengers from Miami
to-day were also Senator Redfield
Proctor, former Secretary of War, and
M. H. Parker, late. Commissioner of the
District of Columbia. The Senator
was taken in charge by the Collector
of Customs shortly after his arrival,
and enjoyed a drive around the city.
While I could not ascertain the facts,
the impression prevails that his visit ia
of an official character. He will con
tinue to Havana by steamer to-morrow.
GRATIFYING CONDITION
OF THE NAVAL MILITIA.
j It Can Be Used at Once as a Second
Live of jjefense and for Man
ning Cruisers.
WASHINGTON*, Feb. 21.— The Navy
Department to-day gave out the figures
showing the strength of the naval mili
tia up to date. This shows a total force
of 4445 officers and enlisted men, which
is a gratifying increase from the 3703
shown by the report. The number of
officers and men by States is as fol
lows:
California, 396; Connecticut, 165; Flor
ida, 106; Georgia, 225; Illinois, 523;
Louisiana, 262; Maryland, 240; Massa
chusetts, 441; Michigan, 193; New Jer
sey, 3G4; New York. 472; North Caro
lina, 230; Ohio, 216; Pennsylvania. 216;
Rhode Island, 130; South Carolina, 152;
Virginia, 44— Total, 4-M.">.
Aside from the forces shown in the
above list new forces are in process of
formation which promise to swell the
total to much larger figures at an
cany day. The organization of this
auxiliary arm of the naval service is
under the immediate direction of Lieu
tenant Gibbons, IT. S. N., whose energy
has accomplished much in securing
State organization, in the harmonizing
of the bodies into one compact force
capable in emergency of co-operating
with the regular navy.
In this last report Assistant Secre
tary Roosevelt said that the State na
val militia, in the event of such an
emergency, could be utilized at once
for manning the smaller cruisers. It
could be depended upon mainly, he
said, as a second line of defense, and
also be used in placing mines and the
establishment of signal stations for
coast defense.
The appropriation of $50,000 made by
Congress to aid the work of the naval
militia will be apportioned among th«
States in a few days.
CRUISER MINNEAPOLIS
READY FOR SERVICE.
Floating of the War Vessel Waa I
Witnessed by a Thousand
Interested Spectators.
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 24. — Tha i
United States cruiser Minneapolis was
successfully floated out of the drydock 1
at League Island Navy-yard at high
tide this afternoon. The floating of th«
cruiser was witnessed by nearly a
thousand people.
The Minneapolis has been in the dry
dock since last December, partly to
avoid the ice in the river and also to
have necessary repairs made to her
keel. The school ship Saratoga will be
placed in the drydock for repairs.
Notwithstanding all reports to tha
contrary, there Is no unusual activity
at the yard beyond the extensive im
provements that are being made to the
back channel, which will be used as a
fresh water basin for vessels of the navy.
The receiving ship Richmond is be
sieged daily by applicants for enlist
ment, but very few are now being
taken.
Besides the Minneapolis there are at
League Island the cruiser Columbia,
the monitor Miantonomoh and the ram
Katahdin, all out of commissiion at
present. There are also eight old moni
tors at the navy-yard, all of them rel
ics of the Civil War, but which could
be fitted up quickly in case they were
needed.
TO CARE FOR THE
UNUSED MACHINERY.
Action Taken by the House Shows
the Government Is Preparing
for Contingencies.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.-The fact
that the Government is preparing for
contingencies was recognized in the
House to-day, when Chairman Can
non, who has been laboring to keep
down appropriations, accepted without
a word of protest an amendment to
increase the appropriation to care for
the unused machinery at the Spring
field arsenal.
Gillette explained that the necessity
for using this machinery might occur
at any time. Resolutions which were
objected to a few weeks ago for the
appointment of two extra naval cadets
to positions in the engineer corps of the
navy were also adopted. One of them
will fill a vacancy caused by the death
of Lieutenant Merritt of the Maine.
In the Senate to-day the resolution
offered yesterday by Allen ->f Nebraska
to appoint a committee of fi\ a Senators
to investigate the Cuban situation was
withdrawn by its author, when it was
laid before the Senate.
64
NAVIES GATHERING FOR BATTLE.
PREPARES
TO LEAVE
NEW YORK
Spanish Cruiser Vizcaya
Will Depart for Ha
vana To-Day.
important Dispatches Carried
Aboard by the Consul Cause
Captain Eulate to Hasten
Sailing Preparations.
NEW YORK. Feb. 24.— Unless
some unexpected order is re
ceived from Madrid the Spanish
man-of-war Vizcaya, which has
been lying off Tompkinsville,
S. 1., since Sunday, will weigh
anchor to-morrow afternoon and
steam through the Narrows to
the open sea on her way to Ha
vana. Alturo Baldasano, Span
ish Consul-General in New York,
called on Captain Eulate late
this afternoon and took to him
important dispatches, one of
which ordered him to leave this
port without delay.
Captain Eulate had been in suspense
about the time of his sailing until the
Consul-General called upon him, but
the order was not unexpected, and all
to-day he had the vessel's crew prepar
ing her for a voyage. The work of coal
ing was continued, with every avail
able man handling the baskets, so that
early to-morrow morning the ship's
bunkers will be packed full. The sea
men were also kept busy putting the
ship in snug shape for cruising at sea,
and all afternoon the ship's gunners
inspected and cleaned all the guns.
After this work had been completed
lo.it her boxes were placed over the
guns' breeches, and the ship's spars
-were all canvaserl.
Other preparations made in the
morning excited in no small degree
the curiosity of hundreds of persons
who lined the shores. Two seamen were
seen aloft in the crow nest of the mili
tary mast aft, while several others on
deck hoisted a heavy object wrapped
in canvas up to them with block and
fall. The object looked not a little like
the barrel of a small cannon. Expect
ing that to-day might be his last day
in port Captain Eulate received several
visitors, who had special passes from
the Spanish Consul-General. Among
these was a pretty little American girl,
about eight years old, who watched
the gunners at work with great de
light. One of the officers noticed her
interest and allowed her to handle sev
eral of the big guns, training them on
houses ashore and vessels at anchor in
the harbor near at hand. Several
ladies from Porto Rico, friends of Cap
tain Eulate's wife, who is a native of
that place, were also among the cap
tain's guests.
When the Consul-General, with the
Vice-Consul, boarded the vessel, about
4 o'clock in the afternoon, they were
saluted by a double line of marines and
escorted to the captain's cabin. At the
same time all the other guests on the
ship were ordered ashore. Mr. Balda
sano remained on board about a half
hour and then returned to Tompkins
vllle on the ship's steam launch, en
route to New York.
When I asked Mr. Baldesano if he
had taken any important dispatches
aboard he evaded the question by say
ing that he had taken many letters to
Captain Kulate since the Vizcaya had
been in port.
"Yes, the Vizcaya will sail for Ha
vana to-morrow afternoon, between 2
and 4 o'clock," he said to me in answer
to a question, "and will go direct to
Havana."
He refused to discuss the subject
further, except to shrug his shoulders
and admit there was a slight possibility
that the Vizcaya might not sail.
"You never can tell just what is
going to happen," he said.
Five junior officers, with Sub-Lieu
tenant Gerardl Sobrini, were granted
shore leave to-day at noon and came to
New York, where they dined at the
Waldorf-Astoria. Before leaving
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Pears'
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
does no harm.
No harm ! It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's; no
alkali in it, nothing but
soap. The harm is done by
alkali. Still more harm is
done by not washing. So,
bad soap is better than
none.
What is bad soap? Im-
perfectly made; the lat
and alkali not well bal-
anced or not combined.
What is good soap?
Pears'.
. All sorts of stores seil it, especially druggists;
ail sorts of people use it.
Tompkinsville for New York the offi
cers, with Detective Davis, enjoyed re
freshment at the historic old Nautilus
Hotel, where more than a hundred
years ago Washington and Lafayette
talked over war matters. There was
no falling off in the crowds that gazed
at the Vizcaya from Staten Island to
day, and hundreds of cameras wer«
snapped at the big man-of-war.
Krajewski, Pesant & Co., controlling
Erie Basin Iron Works. Brooklyn, have
been engaged since last Monday in
repairing the steam steering gear of the
Vizcaya. Although Mr. Lytle, the con
cern's manager, refused to discuss the
matter or to give the nature of the re
pairs being made when I questioned
him to-day, the fact that the firm is en
gaged in making such repairs is well
known.
When within a few hours' steam of
Sandy Hook the quartermaster of the
Vizcaya discovered that the vessel was
not answering her helm. The warship
was brought to an immediate stand
still to permit the chief engineer to
make an investigation. This official
found that the steel gearing connecting
the steam steeripg engines with the
ship's rudder had become disconnected.
A closer examination disclosed the fact
that the main pillow of the block had
been broken and that several cogs of
importance had been snapped off by
the great strain. It was fortunate that
the accident was promptly discovered,
otherwise it is said the damage would
have been far greater. During the re
mainder of the journey to the port the
vessel was steered entirely by hand
steerage apparatus. As soon as the
Vizcaya cast anchor her commander
notified the Brooklyn firm to make the
necessary repairs. Several castings
were made and are now being placed in
position. It is expected that the re
pairs will be completed in ample time
for the Vizcaya to leave this port to
morrow at the time arranged.
AN ENGLISH CAPTAIN
TELLS THE STORY.
Two Shocks and a Swell Caused
Neither by the Tide Nor
by the Wind.
Copyrighted, li'JS, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, Feb. 24.— Before the
Board of Inquiry to-day the principal
witness was Captain Teasdale of the
British bark Dela. His examination
occupied most of the afternoon session.
It was impossible to glean the nature
of his evidence aboard the Mangrove,
but this evening I rowed across the
harbor to the captain's ship, which is
now alongside the wharf at Regla, dis
charging cargo. On the night of the
explosion she was anchored in the
stream. Captain Teasdale greeted me
frankly on introduction, but on a
statement of my mission at once said
his evidence to-day had been given in
secrecy and he could say nothing re
garding his testimony before the
Board of Inquiry.
Of the events of that fateful night
he spoke freely. "I was sitting in my
cabin at a table writing," he said,
"when I felt my ship tremble. Then
came a shock that nearly upset me, and
I rushed up the companion way, think
ing the steamer had run into us in the
darkness, but I soon saw what it was.
When I reached the deck the Maine
was on fire. The Dela was already
bowing to a slight swell, which in
creased considerably and lasted some
time. I judge we were more than a
quarter of a mile distant from the
Maine. As I stood watching several
objects fell on deck. Several were hard,
and made a sound like iron, but one
soft mass came down, and the men
drek back, thinking it was a human
foot.
"It had every appearance of a piece
of flesh covered with hair, but proved
to be boiler lining or packing, which
was made of some kind of felt, present
ing a hairy surface. I can't, in view of
my evidence before the board, give you
my views as to the cause of the explo
sion. In a few moments the smell of
burning flesh reached us and before
midnight nothing was left of the Maine
but curled up sheets. Next morning I
picked up a number of objects, but no
bodies floated to us. That there were
two shocks and a heavy swell caused
neither by tide nor wind I am certain."
COMPLETING THE
NEEDED FORTIFICATION.
Preparations to Protect the New
castle Harbor and Navy
Yard.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— A Portsmouth
(N. H.) special to the Herald says: To
day a force of men commenced getting
things in readiness to complete the for
tification at Newcastle, which is to pro
tect the harbor and navy-yard. Car
riages for the two 8-inch disappearing
guns have arrived, and derricks will be
placed in condition to handle the guns,
which are expected to arrive shortly. A
cargo of cement to be used on the
works is on the way, and upon its ar
rival the fortifications will be complet
ed as rapidly as possible.
The wine cellar of the House of Com
mons Is 100 feet long, and usually con
tains about £4000 worth of wine.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1898.
WAR SEEMS
INEVITABLE
Congress Grows Grave in
Discussing the Maine
Disaster.
They Believe That Money Can
not Wipe Out Spain's
Treachery.
The Chances Are That the Castilians
Will Soon Be Fighting With
Americans.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Feb. 24.
Senators are beginning to discuss
what would be the proper means for a
settlement with Spain on account of
the destruction of the Maine, it being
now universally conceded that that
vessel went to the bottom through a
blow from the outside.
The war feeling is running high, and
if the board of inquiry shows that the
accident theory is untenable sensa
tional developments may be expected.
"Tf the destruction of the battle-ship
should be due to an outside attack I
do not see how the matter can be set
tled by the payment of money," said
Senator Gallinger.
"For my part," said Senator Kyle, "I
should be unwilling to see this affair
compromised by the payment of money.
It is one of those great calamities
that cannot be wiped out by the pay
ment of dollars and cents."
"I do not care to discuss the ques
tion," said Senator Cullom, "until we
have the report of the court. The situ
ation is decidedly grave, and I am in
clined to anticipate the worst possible
results."
Senator Harris loooked for a dis
avowal should the report of the court
be againt the accident theory.
"If Spain, under such conditions,
should refuse to pay indemnity de
manded, far more serious results would
follow," he said.
"If," said Senator Money, "the
Maine was blown up without any col
lusion on the part of the Spanish offi
cers, a demand should be made to
Spain for an indemnity for the loss of
the battle-ship and damages for the
lives of the men. Even if the explo
sion came from a submerged mine of
the Government itself, and the Gov
ernment disavowed it, it is my opinion
that damages only and an apology
could be demanded. Under such cir
cumstances, grave as they might be,
there would hardly be cause for war,
for this Government would be com
pelled to accept the Spanish disa
vowal. But I do not think Spain will
do anything. She will not apologize,
and the chances are that we shall go
to fighting."
On the House side the dispatches
printed to-day detailing the serious
conditions existing in Cuba were read
eagerly and the general comment was
that they merely strengthened the be
lief formed already that war was now
inevitable unless Spain evinces the
greatest cowardice.
Mr. Barlow of California said to
night: "It seems to me that treachery
existed, and that when it has been of
ficially exposed and the Maine disas
ter traced directly to it and proven
without a shadow of a doubt, war must
immediately follow."
Mr. Richardson of Tennessee said:
"If the report of the court of inquiry
confirms the press dispatches, the
country will be on fire; resolutions
everywhere urging war will be adopted
and Congress will wait for some action
by the President. Congress, of course,
can at any time declare war, but the
Republican members of the House
would prevent such action unless as a
last resource it should be recommended
by the President."
Mr. Dockery of Missouri said that
he believed the administration would
first enter into diplomatic correspond
ence before reaching the ultimatum of
war. If the dignity of the country could
not be upheld by diplomacy war would
follow.
Judge Maguire and Senator Perkins
merely said that the situation is very
grave indeed.
REFUSES TO DISCUSS
THE MAINE DISASTER.
Yet Mr. Bryan Finds Time to Harp
on the Theme of the Money
Power.
TOPEKA, Feb. 24.— William J.
Bryan addressed 600 Democrats at a
banquet held in this city to-night. The
gathering was in the nature of a re
union of the Democrats. Itsmagni-
tude gives it considerable significance
as showing the Democratic strength as
a balance of power in this State.
Many speakers of State prominence
addressed the meeting.
Bryan asserted that the money power
is to be the paramount issue in the
next campaign, and cited the fact that
the national committees of the Demo
crats, the Populists and the free silver
Republicans have issued an address in
which they assert the money question
is the issue and call for co-operation of
the forces that it may triumph.
In an interview Bryan declined to
discuss the present crisis with Spain.
He said there is time enough to discuss
that affair when the official investiga
tion committee in the Maine affair has
made its report.
THINGS MORE TO BE
DREADED THAN WAR.
Governor Johnston of Alabama Be
lieves in Upholding the Flag
of the Country.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— A Montgom
ery (Ala.) special to the Herald says:
Governor Johnson answered queries of
a Western newspaper to-night over his
signature as follows:
"I am unable to express an opinion
as to the cause of the disaster to the
Maine. The report of the board will
doubtless settle that question. Our
Government should depart from its
timid policy and promptly take steps
to maintain the dignity of our country.
"Some things are more to be dreaded
than war and one of these is a policy
that brings contempt on the country's
flag. There should be prompt recogni
tion of Cuban belligerency without re
gard to the Maine disaster. Every day
brings me letters from Confederate of
ficers tendering their services in case of
war."
The Spanish Torpedo Destroyers Pluton, Furor and Terror, With the Torpedo Boats Rayo, Alcor and Osor and Their
Tender, the City of Cadiz, in the Harbor of Cadiz, Ready to Start for Cuba.
GENERAL SHAFTER
INSPECTS COAST
DEFENSE WORKS
It Is Now Certain That Army Men
Believe That War With
Spain Is Fast Ap
proaching.
Immediately on his arrival from the
south last Wednesday morning General
Shatter, U. S. A., commanding the De
partment of California, paid a visit to
the Presidio and the works of defense
at Fort Point, where the mortar bat
tery, the dynamite guns and the ten
and twelve inch rifles are planted. The
general's visit to the works was un
expected, arid his staff officers did not
know of the early morning inspection
until his return to headquarters. It is
presumed that everything was found
to be all right from a military point
of view, as no supplementary instruc
tions followed his visit.
Two 10-inch breech-loading rifles des
tined for Fort Point arrived from the
East yesterday, and are now in the
railroad freightyards of this city. Col
onel Moore, assistant quartermaster
general of the Department of Califor
nia, has made arrangements for their
immediate transportation from the
yards to Fort Point. The work of
mounting the guns on disappearing
carriages will be performed by troops
of the Third Artillery, detailed for the
duty, and will be pressed to rapid com
pletion.
Definite intelligence regarding the
quantity of artillery ammunition on the
Pacific Coast is difficult to obtain. In
quiries on this point fail to elicit a di
rect response. The impression exists
that the supply is not abundant.
The interview with Representative
Hepburn of lowa, which was wired
from Washington and published in The
Call yesterday, created much comment
in artillery circles of the army. The
lowa Congressman, who was in the
Union army during the operations
against Island 10, above Memphis, on
the Mississippi River, recalls the fact
that sixty mortars shelled the Confed
erate works on the island for many
days and inflicted very little damage.
He is not willing to vote away public
money to build mortar batteries for
seacoast defense.' Others who served
on the Lower Mississippi . during the
late war entertain views similar to
those expressed by Hepburn. The
Union mortar fleet at Vicksburg shelled
the city constantly for forty-seven
days, but the bombardment did not
hasten the capitulation. Most of the
shells exploded in the earth and did
little more than frighten timid people
with the noise of explosion.
Officers of the United States army
who have made special study of mod
ern ordnance do not agree with the
lowa Congressman. An officer now on
duty in this department: who is recog
nized as an authority on modern high
power guns remarked yesterday:
"There is a vast difference between
the old-fashioned mortars such as were
used during the late war and the mod
ern rifled mortars of to-day. It Has
been demonstrated by practice : firing
that the projectiles can be dropped at
the particular point desired. Take for
example the battery of sixteen mortars
at the Presidio. There are four guns in
each of . the four sections, and from a
central : point the observation is ob
tained. The elevation is uniform . and
so is the charge, of powder. The shells
will attain a' certain upward flight and
descend ' at the point ' designated. / Cal
culation is made for the advance of the
ship aimed at. It ri is - almost a sure
thing that ; one of ' the sixteen projec
tiles would strike • the deck of the ship
on : which i all .; the guns were ' trained.
The twelve-inch •; elongated projectile
would pierce the decks and hull sof an
ironclad. ' Accurate 'J firing with the
rifled mortars is attainable. A volley
of sixteen shots can be < easily fired
every five j minutes,: and a ship coming
in at an average I speed by steam would
be exposed to ; the fire for thirty : min
utes. The new mortar battery . now ;in
process *of j construction /•; will , carry a
steel projectile weighing 1000 : pounds." ;':
; Army officers -who :„■ expressed \ the
opinion a few days ago ; since that war
with Spain was not-pjQba>je,-JiqjVctaJte
TO RE-ENFORCE SPAIN'S FLEET IN CUBAN WATERS.
a different view of the situation. They
think the country is drifting toward a
conflict of arms. The preparations
throughout the United States signify
something beyond the ordinary in mili
tary affairs. The question is asked:
"How many A r olunteers would the
President call for in the event of a
declaration of war?" One officer at
army headquarters yesterday re
marked: "One hundred thousand men
would be called for." Another said:
"Three hundred thousand would be
nearer the mark. Let us assume that
the United States troops would be mob
ilized near Key West for operations in
Cuba. Spain has an army of 200,000
seasoned and trained soldiers in Cuba
to-day. It is known that the Spanish
soldier will fight, and he can live on
as little as any other man. It is a
common phrase in Spain that "a Span
ish soldier will live on a sardine and a
kick." To meet the Spanish army 200,
000 strong an equal number of troops
would be necessary."
Should there be a call for three hun
dred thousand troops California's quota
would be six regiments. The National
Guard would not be asked to leave the
Stat°, but many Guardsmen., enlisted
men and officers might enlist as volun
teers and be mustered into the Califor
nia volunteer regiments of the United
States army. In 1861, when troops were
called for by President Lincoln, the
militia organizations did not respond
as regiments or companies. Many of
ficers of the California National Guard
might raise companies of men to join
the voluneer regiments and so gain the
advantage and distinction of active
service in fighting the troops of Spain.
A call for three hundred thousand
men would produce two hundred thou
sand effective soldiers. Kstimates show
that fully one-third of the men of a
new army either die of ailments result
ing from exposure or become disabled
by reason of sickness during the first
year of campaigning. The climate of
Cuba might be so trying on soldiers
from this country that 50 per cent
would succumb to disease and exposure
before a decisive engagement was
fought.
President McKinley knows some
thing of war, and he does not desire to
plunge the country into a conflict if
peace can be honorably maintained. If
war was declared he would not make
the mistake of calling out a few men
for a short length of time. It is be
lieved that he would call at once for
the enlistment and organization of a
force equal in numbers to the Spanish
army in Cuba. Under the protection of
our warships the troops of the United
States could be landed in Cuba and put
in line for active operations against the
Spanish.
Our army might meet with reverses
early in the campaign. Many of our
soldiers would perish in the field before
the fighting began, but new recruits
would rally around the flag and fill the
depleted ranks. As a fighter on land
and sea the American is not surpassed.
Experience has shown that he will
stand up under the severest strain of
battle. In a war with Spain the Span
lards, despite their boasting, would get
a terrible whipping, but war might
cost one hundred thousand human
lives.
TOUGHEST OF MEN
MAY FIGHT SPAIN.
Colonel Sheafe Is Organizing Regi
ments of Cowboys in South
Dakota.
NEW YORK. Feb. 24.— A Sioux Falls
(S. D.) special to the Herald says:
Colonel Sheafe, the officer commanding
the State militia, is recruiting regi
ments of cowboys for service against
Spai . Colonel Sheafe said to-night
thai these men are the toughest on
earth. They are inured to hardships,
have fought Indians, and he believes
that if they are turned loose on the
Spaniards in Cuba they will whip them
i in a very.^hort
PANICKY SCENES
IN NEW YORK'S
STOCK EXCHANGE
Bears Take Advantage of War
Stories and Drive Down Se
curities Several
Points.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— A scene re
sembling the great panicky scenes of
the summer of 1893 was enacted on the
floor of the Stock Exchange when the
market opened this morning. Crowds
of excited brokers clustered around the
standards and made the air thick with
their shouts to sell stocks. Sell, sell,
sell, was their cry. It made no differ
ence whether stocks were granger, spe
cialty, industrial or coaler, the senti
ment was the same.
The bears got out their war scare
club and used it right and left on hold
ers of stock. The result was the most
extensive throwing over of issues that
had been indulged in for months.
Union Pacific preferred was one of the
first of moderately high priced securi
ties to suffer. Three thousand shares
were sold in running order, prices rang
ing from 53% to 52, and later sales were
registered at 51%. The stock closed
last at 54%. Manhattan was a most
conspicuous loser. The stock opened
with 2000 shares running sales from
105 down to 102. This was sufficiently
sensational as a starter in view of the
fact that the closing price of Manhat
tan was 107%.
But the bears were not yet done with
the stock of the local transportation
company. They hammered and ham
mered and the price fell to 98% in short
order, a drop of 9*4 points. Metropoli
tan street railway sold at 139%, as
against a closing of 144, and soon lost
7 additional points. Burlington was
also pounded, starting in at quotations
of 94%, against a closing of 96% and re
ceding to 92%. There were 2000 shares
of St. Paul at the opening, showing a
loss of a point to that granger.
Sugar was another object of attack,
selling off on heavy transactions to
123%, against a closing of 125%. Rock
Island yielded up a point; so did L.
and N.; Northern Pacific gave 3%;
Reading 2 per cent, and, in fact, the
whole market was affected by the
handling of the news from Havana.
Authorities in Wall street were of the
opinion that the avalanche of selling
orders put in at the opening of the
market had most to do with the early
slump. These orders came from com
mission brokers. There was very little
demand for stocks at the start, and
stop orders caused a large drop in Man
hattan, Metropolitan, Sugar and other
easily moving securities. There were
abundant indications that the bear
element, which has been working
actively in the market for a week, was
an important factor in depression. This
element bought stocks as low figures
were reached. The decline was so
rapid as to make a large profit in ar
bitrage business, and foreign houses
for a short time had all they could do
to fill their dates. After the first slump
the supply of stocks decreased ma
terially, and led traders to work for a
rally.
Standard Oil opened at 365 and sold
down 15 points. The activity of the
market was shown at an astonishing
decrease after the congestion of selling
orders at the opening had been worked
off. The first swift recovery of 1 to 4
points was partly lost, and then prices
began to work back slowly to the
higher plane. Commission houses re
ported selling orders received from
widely distributed points through the
country, indicating liquidation of long
holding of securities.
Government bonds fell a quarter to 1
per cent, latter in coupon fours, both
of 1907 and 1925. Spanish fours fell a
half per cent additional in London
There were large purchases here
for London account during the morn
ing, the rapid decline making the arbi
trage operations profitable. Railroad
.bonds shared in the. weakness of storks.
and fell 1 and 2 per cent throughout.
In the afternoon there was another free
selling movement.
In the last hour of trading another
selling movement occurred, but none
of the leading stocks reached the low
level of theopenlng hour. Anotherslight w
rally followed, but the close was ir- *
regular. ____^_
DOUBLE LAUNCHING
OF BATTLESHIPS.
Ke&rsarge and Kentucky to Be Slid
Into the Water in a
Month.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— A Richmond,
Va., special to the Herald says: Officers
of the Newport News shipyard an
nounced that a double launching of the
battle-ships Kentucky and Kearsarge
will take p.ace on March 24, and will
be the first double launching of first
class battle-ships in the world.
Governor Bradley and staff will come
from Kentucky, and Miss Christine
Bradley will christen the Kentucky
with a bottle of water taken from the
spring at which Abraham Lincoln
drank when a boy, while Mrs. "Win
slow, wife of Lieutenant Winslow, U.
S. N., will stand sponsor for the Kear
sarge. These ships could be put in
commission in six months, it is said,
but the contractors have received no
hurry orders. The Illinois, the third big
battleship building at Newport News,
is only a month or two behind the
others. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
miss this greatest, wo-
babeless, loveles9
lives, because of ill-
health. Every woman should realize the
supreme importance of healthy vigor and
strength of the organs distinctly feminine.
Unless a woman is willing to be that least
envied of her sex, a childless woman, she
cannot afford to neglect this feature of her
health.
The best known and most successful med-
icine for the cure of all diseases and weak-
nesses of the female reproductive organs is
Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription. Hun-
dreds of homes that for years remained
childless now ring with childish laughter as
a result of the beneficial effects of the " Fa-
vorite Prescription." It is the preparation
of an eminent and skillful specialist, Dr,
R. V. Pierce. For years it has been used
by Dr. Pierce in his daily practice in the
Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute, at
Buffalo, N. V., the greatest institution of
the kind in the world. It has relieved thou-
sands of women from suffering and pain and
prepared thousands for the successful per-
formance of the duties of maternity.
W R Malcolm, of Knobel, Clay County, Ar-
kansas, writes : " Since I last wrote you we hava
had a baby girl born to us. My wife took your
' Golden Medical Discovery ' and also your ' Fa-
vorite Prescription ' all during the expectant
period and tintil confinement, and she had no
trouble to mention. A stouter, heartier child
was never born. Our child will be one year of
ace the Sth inst. and she has not been sick a
day Has not had so much as 'he rohc. It is a
fart' sir. and we have not had to be "r with her
as often as twice at night since her birth My
wife had not even a fever for the two or three
days after the child was born, although the
attending physician told us that such would be
fhe case Our neighbors remarked to me that >
they thought my wife the stoutest Mtle woman
they ever knew. We think our good health due
to the use of your family medicines."
Dr Pierces Pleasant Pellets cure consti-
pation. Constipation is the cause of many
diseases. Cure the cause and you cure the
disease. One "Pellet" is a gentle laxa-
tive, and two a mild cathartic. Druggist*
sell them.COSTA RICA
CHALLENGES
NICARAGUA
War Between the
Republics Seems
Inevitable.
President Iglesias' Por
tentous Speech at a
Banquet
Great Popular Demonstration
at the Costa Rican
Capitol.
AN ARMY ON THE MARCH.
Hostilities Expected to Begin at Any
Moment-Americans Offer
Financial Aid.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
PANAMA, Feb. 24.— Advices from
Costa Rica say that on the night of the
20th a large popular demonstration was
made at the capitol. Over 5000 persons
assembled to show their approval of
the attitude of the Government toward
Nicaragua. On the 19th an army start
ed to the frontier amid the cheers of
the populace. Hostilities are expected
to begin at any moment.
Many prominent members of the
American colony have offered to aid the
Government with money. One of them,
James Bennett, will give $60,000, paying
$5000 monthly. The French colony has
offered to take up arms in the defense
of Costa Rica in the event of war. Don
Pedro Perez Zeldon has left for San
Salvador, via Colon and Panama, as
special confidential agent to the Great
er Republic
J. A. Facio, sub-secretary of foreign
relations, has been sent to Guatemala
on a similar mission. Great excitement
was caused at Costa Rica by the news
the blowing up of the Maine and
the flags of all the foreign consulates
were at half-mast for three days.
The newspaper Prensa Libre of San
continues to attack the Govern
rhent, applauding the attitude of the
- dent of Nicaragua. It is feared
that a mob will attack their office.
Later advices received to-day from
Costa Pvica are to the effect that at a
state banquet given on Sunday night
President Iglesias In a speech said the
situation between Costa R.ica and Nic
aragua was such that war was Inevi
table.
ARIZONA'S "WTNG SHOTS.
Result of tlie Territorial Gun Club's
Annual Shoot.
TTTSOK, Ariz., Feb. 24.— The Territo
rial G^n Clnb shoot, which has been In
progress for the last three days, closed
with an elaborate banquet and the elec
tion of the following named officers of the
President. James Finley, Tucson;
vice-presidents— M. P. Chubb, Phoenix;
Walter Miller, Jerome; C. W. Mandesfeld,
Preecott; K. L. Hart, Tucson: treasurer,
J. H. Holmes, Phoenix; secretary, C. R.
Meyer. Tucpon.
The winners were: Individual live-bird
contest. Chubb of Phoenix, 14 out of 15;
Individual bluerocks, Meyer of Tucson,
2? out of 25: Hallowell silver trophy. Fin
ley of Tucson, 45 out of a possible 50 clay
birds; Territorial diamond badge, by the
Tucson Gun Club. 149 against 187 made by
the Phoenix Gun Club, next in excellence.
Racing at New Orleans.
NEW O RLE AX 9", Feb. 24.— Laura May,
in the last race, was the only beaten
favorite to-day. Weather fine: track
fast. Results:
Seven furlongs, selling. Ma Petite won,
Caddie C second, Cherry Bounce third.
Time, 1:28%.
Two-year-olds, selling, four furlongs.
Sir Florian won. Xellie Prince second.
Pansy H third. Time, :49.
One mile and a quarter, Lobengrula won,
Lakr-view Palace second, Inflammator
third. Time, 2:11.
One mile and a quarter, over five hur
dles, Uncle Jim won. Proverb second,
Templemore third. Time, 2:22.
Six and a half furlongs, selling, Hugh
Penny won, Brighton second, Lillian E
third. Time, 1:21%.
One mile, L W won. King's Pawn sec
ond. Jack of Hearts third. Time, 1:43%.
The first large Iron bridge in the
world was built over the Severn in
1777.
SfDIDMED'C GREAT HISTORY...
V UUDiICn J OF THE UNITED STATES.
Delivered free of expense on payment of
OWE" DOLLAR.
Subsequent payments $2.00 a month for 9 months. Half Morocco, $2.00
down and $3.00 a month for 9 months.^
Five Massive 8 Yon Need It
Volumes To understand the politics of your country.
Containing the his-
tory of the united Your Children Need It.
States from the time rS »*. i *  . • ■ ,
of the Norsemen to Don t let them grow up in a house that
the close of the does not contain a complete, comprehen-
World's Fair. sive, readable history of the country they
" - live in.
3500 Octavo There Is No Other History
Pages Of the United States that compares with
Printed on beautiful Scribner's in scope, accuracy, interest and
paper in type it is a • general excellence.
pleasure to read.
- — Examine the Index
j<.j}|j Which makes the work an Encyclopedia of
m . .. American History.
illustrations he best Call and Examine J • '
c work of the best Call and Examine
American artists and ■ This s P i jj work ' or telephone " Davis
most expert engrav- ThiS s P lendld work - or telephone " Davis
ers. Illustrations alone 861 " and we will send you a set free of all
cost over $100,000. @ expense for examination.
Special to Out=of=Town Readers. '
We want you to have as good a chance to examine this work as the San
Francisco readers have. Therefore we will send you at our own expense the
complete set in the binding you prefer on approval. Remember, March 11 is
- the last day in which you may purchase this work at so low a price. Address
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
IN WHOSE
ELECTION
IS CERTAIN
The New Charter Club
Candidates for
Office.
_
Officials Who Will Purge
San Jose of the Gang
of Boodlers.
Work of Brokers in Selling City
Patronage to Be Dis
continued.
FOR HONEST GOVERNMENT
Men Who Have Been Chosen to Lead
the Battle Express Some Inter
esting Sentiments.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 24.— Not a dissenting
vote was cast to-night when the New
Charter Club was called upon to elect
the ticket submitted by its nominating
CQmmittee. The ratification by the
members was not only unanimous, but
was manifested in a most hearty man
ner, and there were very few absen
tees. About fifty new members were
admitted to-night.
An entire city ticket was adopted,
with the exception of City Clerk. Guy
W. Campbell had been selected by the
nominating committee for this office,
but in the following letter he regret
fully declined the honor:
San Jose, Cal., Feb. 24.
Gentlemen: It was but yesterday fore
noon that I was made acquainted with
the possibility of my nomination for the
office of City Clerk. My first Judgment
was to decline the nomination and 1 so
expressed myself to Mr. Ball, but upon
being pressed by Mr. William G. Alex
ander, I consented to "look it over." I
regret that after giving it the thought
possible in the limited time at my dis
posal. In Justice to my business a.nd
business relations I will have to decline
the nomination. Thanking you for the
courtesy and the honor of the nomination,
I remain respectfully,
GUY W. CAMPBELL.
Immediately the remainder of the
ticket had been adopted seriatim
and then as a whole the nominating
committee was instructed to retire for
the purpose of selecting a candidate
for the vacancy. After being out some
time they returned and asked for fur
ther time. They were granted until
the following meeting of the club,
next Thursday. The committee will
meet next Wednesday and make its se
lection.
The ticket of the New Charter Club,
as printed in The Call this morning,
shared honors with the Maine incident
as a subject of discussion. Among the
best people it *vas spoken of as by far
the strongest combination of names
ever presented to the people of San
Jose for their suffrages. Not a single
name came up for adverse criticism,
and both afternoon papers gave the
ticket unqualified indorsement. The
various candidates, and particularly
the nominee for Mayor, were the re
cipients of congratulation on their
nomination and commendatory remarks
on the work of the club. Everything
points to the fact that the avowed
purpose of the club that in this in
stance the office should seek the man
was carried out.
All the candidates are well-known
business men — taxpayers and men of
means and influence. Several of the
candidates are retired business men
and capitalists, and in them all the
political parties are equitably repre
sented. The feeling over the ticket
among the people generally is one of
enthusiasm and confidence in its suc
cess in the coming election. As soon as
the nomination for City Clerk is made
an early day will be set for the public
ratification of the ticket by the people.
Colonel W. B. Hardy suggested that
the candidates present at the meeting
to-night be heard from, and brief re
marks were made by S. E. Smith, W.
E. Crossman. Adam Riehl, Edmond
Coopers and J. F. Colombet. All prom
ised, if elected, to faithfully carry out
the provisions of the new charter and
thereby break up the rule of the
"gang."
J. W. Cook, the Incumbent of the
office of County Clerk, was the first to
file his petition as a candidate in the
approaching election. He seeks re
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRTTAfc* 25, 1898.
election. Another petition filed to-day
was that of J. W. McCauley, a candi
date for Councilman in the First Ward.
J. D. Miner is reported to be out with
a petition for Councilman at large.
The following signed statements are
made by reform candidates:
I see through the columns of your paper
that I have been nominated by the New
Charter Club for Councilman at Large.
It has not been through any solicitation
on my part, for I have spoken to no per
son on the subject, and my fellow-citizens
have seen fit to select me for that posi
tion. I consider it to be my duty to cheer
fully accept the trust, and, if elected, it
will be my firm belief that the whole new
charter ticket will be, and I will use my
utmost exertions to help run the affairs
of the city in an impartial, honest and
businesslike manner; to see that those
who are now in the employ of the city
are qualified for their respective posi
tions, as well as being sober and indus
trious, and not to employ two men to do
one man's work; and to carefully esti
mate the amount of revenue for the year
and keep our expenses within our in
come: to see that all materials for work
to be done for the city is properly adver
tised, so as to give every citizen a fair
show to bid.
To prevent, if possible, collusion in the
awarding of contracts, and where there is
anything which would indicate any such
collusion to throw the bid out, as, for in
stance, the contract for building the Ju
lian street sewer. The engineer's esti
mate for that work was $10,500. which in
cluded 30 per cent for profit for the con
tractor, yet, when the bids were opened
the lowest was $12,900, and the contract
was let for that amount, which would
suggest to all men honestly inclined that
the Council was derelict in its duty and
was not looking out for the city's inter
ests.
To exercise judgment and care in the
improvement of our streets so as to ar
rive at the most satisfactory and perma
nent results with the least expense to the
city or citizen who has to pay for the
same. To secure best rates possible for
water and lighting, not in an arbitrary
manner, but after a careful investigation
as to the per cent on the respective in
vestment, and above all to so conduct the
affairs of the city as to inspire respect
and confidence in the minds of our citi
zens, that their affairs are honestly and
economically conducted, and that " such
reputation shall spread all over the land
and be an inducement for strangers to
settle in our midst. J. P. JARMAN.
Heretofore it has been difficult to get
good people to stand for Councilman.
This nomination came to me entirely un
solicited and unexpectedly, but I con
sider it a duty I owe to the city and to
my fellow-taxpayers to run. I believe it
is time the taxpayers should take hold of
municipal affairs. Our taxes have got to
be so "high that it takes half of my jn
come to pay them. a»nd if it keeps on in
creasing as it has done it will be a vir
tual confiscation of my property.
Some fifteen or twenty years ago we
were careful to get taxpayers to fill the
offices. Our taxes were 80 cents on the
5100. It has since gone up to $1 25 on the
$100. If the present regime is allowed to
continue there can be no telling where
the tax rate will stop. I have no fight
against any particular man or body of
men. With me it is simply a matter of
self-protection.
As Cuuncilmen we propose to have the
laws enforced as we tind them. While I
don't believe in being penurious in public
matters, yet I think a certain amount of
economy can be practiced without injury
to the city. Having been one of the
Freeholders I feel in duty bound to get
the execution of the charter provisions in
the hands of the friends of that instru
ment: that is, in the hands of men whs
will give it a proper Interpretation.
MAURICE O'BRIEN.
The first purpose and most important
of all is to carry out in detail all the pro
visions of the new charter, and to see
that every section of it Is enforced as
intended when it was compiled. This is
what induced us to go into this fight.
We wish to get the carrying nut of the
new charter Into the hands of its friends.
We intend to give the city a close busi
ness administration. One of the main
objects will be to lift the Indebtedness,
said to be between 180,000 ami 1100,000,
from the city, bo as to got it on a cash
basis. The financial provisions <>f the
charter can never be fully enforced until
the city is on a cash basis.
Efficiency and not political pull is one
of the axioms under which we Intend to
work in filling all the appointive offices.
With the Councllmen we have nom
inated there will certainly he no chance
for corruption in or with that body, if
those men are elected. The awarding of
all contracts will be made fairly and
honestly, because these men are all
above mercenary motives. There will be
no temptation to any of these Council
men to do any wrong.
We are pledged by the charter to k^p
the running expenses of the city within
the dollar limit, and it will be our am
bition to save as much out of that as
possible and place it in the cash basis
fund. I have an idea that we can save
about $30,000 a year, If things are not in
too bad shape when we go in. We will
have to expert the books and find out
exactly what the financial condition of
the city Is. If we are elected we will
give out a report very shortly after our
term of office begins, showing where all
the money goes, and where we can econ
omize without reducing the efficiency of
any of the departments. We don't want
to run the city on a niggardly basis, but
we do intend to practice a proper econ
omy, just the same as any business en
terprise would use in the conduct of its
affairs.
San Jose undoubtedly in the past few
months has been badly scandalized by the
conduct of some of its city officials, and
we hope, as far as passible, to remove
the odium that has resulted. Our efforts
will be directed toward placing San Jose
where we believe she rightly belongs,
among the first cities of the coast as an
educational center, as a city of home and
as a desirable place for people who wish
to engage in business or to invest money
Our aim in general will be to make San
Jose one of the best governed cities in
the country. s. E. SMITH
Adam Riehl, nominee for Council
man Second Ward— The only thing
that induces me to accept the nomina
tion for Councilman is that I believe
I can aid in securing for the city of
San Josh a different management of its
municipal affairs from the administra
tion we have had here lately. I shall
do my best to bring about a system
of expenditure that will be the most
economical and beneficial to the city.
The best interests of the tax-payers
and residents will always be kept in
view.
Edmond Coopers, nominee for Coun
cilman Fourth Ward— l have only thi ,
to pay. I will try to do my duty., and
work for the best interests of the city
and tax-payers. I can say no mor?. I
did not expect to be nominated. It was
a surprise to me. but under the cir
cumstances I consider it my duty to
run. I feel It a great honor to be one
of the nominees of the New Charter
Club.
J. F. Columbet, nominee for City
Treasurer — If I am elected I shall fol
low out the law as I did before when I
occupied the same position for six
years. My intention is to carry ont
the new charter to the letter and
guard the funds of the city against
any and all illegal attempts to raid th»
treasury. I shall always consider that
I owe the first duty to the people. I
shall fulfill all the duties of my office
to the fullest extent, and shall see that
all moneys due the city are promptly
collected and that all expenditures are
properly accounted for.
"\Y. K. Crossman, nominee for Coun
cilman. First Ward — If I am elected I
propose that we have an economical,
business administration. I recognize
that for the first year we will have a
trying time in the endeavor to live up
to the provisions of the new charter.
It will be my aim to keep within the
limit of taxation fixed by the charter,
which Is $L This is the main thing for
the taxpayers. The present Council has
left us a big deficit to meet, and this
will force us to the strictest kind of
economy. All the provisions of the
charter must be lived up to to the let
ter. One of the most important effects
of the new charter if it is properly en
forced is that it takes away the busi
ness of the broker In positions con
nected with the varir.-us departments of
the city government. These brokers
will be out of business if we elect the
New Charter Club ticket.
Here are the editorial expressions of
the two afternoon dailies of San Jose
on the proposed ticket of the New-
Charter Cluh. The Herald says:
The nominating committee of the New
Charter Club made up a ticket last nig-ht.
The nominations were made by secret
ballot after a full discussion of the candi
dates. The proceedings were harmonious
The ticket will be submitted to the club
to-night for its consideration. It Is pos
sible that the larger body may not so
readily agree upon all the candidates as
the committee has done. It would there
fore be premature to-day to accept the
names agreed upon last night as the
Charter Club ticket. There may be more
or less change in Its make-up.
But at present this much may be said.
The committee has presented a list of
candidates that almost without exception
are men of solid standing and repute in
this community. We do not propose to
discuss them individually to-day. We will
let that wait the formal completion of the
ticket, its acceptance and promulgation
by the club. But it is on the whole a good
ticket. We do not see on It the names of
any political hacks, chronic office seekers
or "professional purifiers."
The News says:
The nominating committee of the Char
ter Club made a very good selection of
candidates. The affairs of the city would
be in safe hands if the ticket is chosen,
providing none of the candidates find it
necessary, in order to secure election, to
tie themselves to influences which it is
the determination of the people to steer
clear of. The example set by the Charter
Club will have to be followed by the Dem
ocrats and the Republicans, if they wish
to win in the spring election. The strong
est men will have to be put forward, and
men who have not been mixed up In petty
politics in the past.
RUNNING FIGHT WITH
A BOLD BICYCLE THIEF.
Escapes From a New Hope Con
stable and Is Only Recaptured
After a Battle.
STOCKTON, Feb. 21.— The news of a '
running light between an escaped crim-
Inal and officers at New Hope has reached j
here. The escape was arrested by Deputy !
Constable Awre this afternoon for the i
theft of a bicycle from this city. Awre
telephoned here this morning for informa
tion in regard to the wheel and then !
started out in pursuit. He finally came
upon and after a neat coup arrested the
criminal, who was armed with a pistol,
disarmed him and brought him back to
New Hope, where, according to the re
port, Awre left him in charge of another
man while he went to change his clothes I
to bring the prisoner to this city on the
evening train.
While the constable was gone it seems
the prisoner got his pistol away from his
attendant, and .also took the pistol Awre
had left the guard and then_jnade his es
cape. The alarm was sounded and three
men started in pursuit of the fellow, who
made toward the underbrush. Over a
dozen shots were exchanged in the race,
a bullet from the fugitive's pistol tearing
a hole in the hat of one of the men. The
culprit, whose name is unknown, finally
surrendered. and will be brought here in
the morning.
THE DEATH OF
MAJOR SELOVER
Was Well Known in Cali
fornia in the Early
Days.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— Major Abia \
Selover died yesterday in this city of j
diabetes, aged seventy-four years.
At the outbreak of the Mexican war
young Selover enlisted in the Federal
army from Cleveland. He joined Gen
eral Scott's army at Vera Cruz and
was attached to the staff of Major
Flalley, who accompanied the expedi
tion which left Vera Cruz to cut its
way through to the City of Mexico.
He was an intimate friend of Senator
Broderick. and was seated at the table
when Judge Terry offered Broderick
the insult which resulted in the death*
of the latter in a dueL In 1852 he joined
an expedition having for its object the
conquest of the Hawaiian Islands,
King: Kamehani^ha having approved
of the undertaking. Th« expedition was
abandoned, however. At the com
mencement of President Pierces ad
ministration he was offered the posi
tion of Postmaster at San Francisco,
but declined all political honors and
entered the real estate business under
the firm name <>f Selover & Sinton.
In 1858 he associated himself with
Fremont in the Mariposa estate, con
sisting of an area of seventy square
miles, which were sold in 1563 to a
company in Wall street for $10,000,000
in stock and $1,500.n00 In bonds.
At the outbreak of the Civil war
Major Selover went to Europe for the
purpose of buying arms for the Fed
eral Government, and returning shortly
afterward entered the t>usy life of Wall
street, where he made and lost several
fortunes.
His most unpleasant experiences oc
curred in 1878, when he formed a pool
with Jay Gould and James R. Keene
to put down the Mice of Western
Union.
Keene and Selover sold the stock in
dustriously, but some unknown influ
ence kept buying it in and holding the
price up. Major Selover and Keene
suspected Jay Gould, and the former's
suspicion became bo firmly rented that,
meeting Mr. Gould in Exchange placo
one day near Broad street, he picked
him up and threw him into the area
way of a barber shop. <; O uld picked
himself up and walked away without
saying a word, but Major Selover's im
pulsive action cost him many thou
sands of dollars.
RACING FOR AN
ALASKA MINE
Locations Filed by Several Per
sons, With Trouble in
Prospect.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. Feb. 24.— Arrangements
are now being made and in a few days
three rival Puget Sound companies will
send men to an island in Portland
Canal, southeastern Alaska, to develop
a valuable gold mine which is in dis
pute, and which was the objective point
of a grand triangular race.
In December a young man named
Rogers visited Seattle, Tacoma and
Everett in an attempt to interest capi
tal in a mine which he had found on
an island in Portland Canal, and which
he had not located because it was in
disputed territory. He left maps of the
location in three places. Three com
panies were secretly formed to locate
the property.
Prominent Seattle people arranged
with Rogers to guide a party to the
mine. They learned of the Everett
syndicate just in time to get their man
on the same boat. After the boat
started it was found out the Tacoma
party was aboard. The Seattle party
took Captain Carroll of the Queen in
to its company to procure transporta
tion at the last hour. He unshipped, it
is said, one of the life boats and put
the party's sail boat on the davits.
On the way up the Tacoma party, it
is said, bribed Rogers, and when Cap
tain Carroll stopped the Queen at the
entrance of Portland Canal he could
not be found. At last he was located
in a stateroom of the Tacoma people,
and after a hard flght they had to give
up. Spencer, a Tacoma man, is said
to have driven the Seattle men out of
the room with a revolver. The Seattle
men got Rogers' clothes and went
away with them in the sail boat.
RELIGIOUS
WAR IS NOW
PREDICTED
Emile Zola's Case
Before the Cham
ber of Deputies.
M. Hubbard Makes a
Somewhat Startling
Statement.
Premier Meline Replies to the
Various Interpellations
Made.
JUSTIFIES GEN. BILLOT.
After the Dreyfus Case Is Touched
U^pnn a Vote of Confidence
Is Duly Given.
Special Dispatch to the Call.
PARIS, Feb. 24.— The Chamber of
Deputies was thronged to-day, and it
was decided to request the Premier,
Meline, to immediately discuss the in
terpellations of MM. Hubbard and
Gautier relative to the conviction and
sentence of M. Zola yesterday. M.
Hubbard . (Radical) asKed whether
Generals Pellieux and Boisedeffre had
intervened at the trial by authorization
or by order of the Minister of War,
General Billot. The Deputy spoke, amid
incessant interruptions, on the danger
of a religious war, and concluded by in
viting the Government to end the tu
mult and rioting in the streets.
M. Vivlanl declared that the Social
ists, although they might be divided
relative to the Dreyfus case, were in
entire accord in regard to the preroga
tive of civil over military power. The
speaker then referred to the collation
of the chiefs of the army with the
clergy, and expressed the belief that
liberty was menaced. Therefore, he
asked the Chamber to protest against
the attitude of the generals. (Applause
from the leftists and uproar from the
centrists.)
M. Meline replied: "Popular demo
cratic justice has given a verdict after
a military court, and you will accept
it. General Billot, Minister of War,
gave no order to generals summoned to
testify before the tribunal of the coun
try. One general had been accused on
account of his utterances. Undoubtedly
he spoke a word too much, but you
must remember the frightful charge
thrown in his face."
Continuing, M. Meline said the
charges made against the army were
unjust, and he asserted that there was
not a single officer who had been
guilty of plotting against the country,
even in his dreams, adding: "'Our offi
cers are haunted by other dreams."
(Cheers.)
"If, after yesterday's verdict," the
Premier further remarked, "the agita
tion continues we shall know that the
matter has been made a party ques
tion. Enough injury had already been
done to the nation. The life of the na
tion has been arrested. A portion of
the foreign press has gathered all the
ill we have been saying among our
selves. It will always be punishment
for those who speak ill of France to
receive foreign applause. Every day
there are cases of espionage abroad.
Did the French press get excited about
them as the foreign press did about
Dreyfus?"
M. Goujon moved that M. Meline's
speech be posted throughout France,
and the motion was adopted.
M. Cavaignac, the former Minister,
then reproached the Government with
not uttering the whole truth at the
trial and with insufficiently defending
the officers. He also said he wanted a
powerful army, but one subordinate to
civil power.
The debate was then closed and sev
eral motions presented. The Premier
accepted a vote of confidence in the
Government and approving of the dec
larations of the Government, the vote
standing 461 ayes to 40 noes.
THE SYMPHONY CONCERT
In the programme of yesterday's sym
i phony concert at the Tivoli Mr. Scheel's
' band was most completely finished and
I satisfying in Beethoven's "Coriolanus"
I overture. It has been said before in
i these columns that Mr. Scheel not only
' is the best all-round leader who ever
identified himself with music in San
Francisco, but far and away the best
Beethoven player. We have had better
programme makers. Mr. Hlnrichs was
i almost a model in that line. And of the
| two Mr. Hinrichs is perhaps the hotter
Wagner leader. But on the whole Mr.
Scheel's leadership stands locally un
i rivaled, and in the reading of Beethoven
no one else who has been here since
Theodore Thomas is to be mentioned in
the same type with him. He has the in
stinct and magnetism, and he has the
erudition, too. It used to be said by the
frowsy-haired croakers of the craft, the
soiled soap-shunners who inspire the
common belief that musician and man
| are no closer kin than alliteration, that
< Scheel was a false alarm; that his mi
i terpretations were mere imitations of fa
mous European leaders; that he would
! fall to pieces if ever he attempted to
bring out a work with which he had no
previous acquaintance. Scheel got more
than the usual share of brotherly love.
But he had his revenge a few weeks ago
when he played the Tschaikowsky sym
ohony—a work new to him and to the
world and one that he played with mas
terly analysis and authority. Since then
the growlers have been almost heard to
cease. Their last feat was to offer trust
ful reporters an account of Scheel's em
bezzlement and elopement, when in truth
he had taken nothing more evil than a
week" vacation.
Yesterday Mr. Scheel played the "Cori
olanus" overture with discriminate virtu
osity he kept well within the dignity and
huge poise of the major part of the work,
and gave full swing to impulse in the
closing measures, making of them an ex
oui^ite pathos; and it is reasonable to
suppose the interpretation was his own. j
Moszkowski's symphonic suite, "Joan of
Arc," was creditably done, considering
that rehearsals of it had been necessarily \
few by reason of delay in the coming of
the score; especially creditable in the
march and the final movement, and espe
cially dull in the slow movement—descrip
tive of Joan's inner strife and visions of
the past— which was made to sound un
lawfully dismal.
Rubinstein's "Music of the Spheres"
was given in place of the announced Saint
Saens poem. It could not have been re
hearsed very, often. The concert closed
with the scenes of Wotan's farewell and
the fire magic from "Walkure." This
Wagnerian excerpt was played with ur- i
gent dramatic feeling, and, bar a few
shortcomings in the violins, was, perhaps,
as interesting as is possible to make it
without the actors and the scenery.
ASHTON STEVBN&
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Lively Fusillade,
We malic our opening bow on Men's Spring
Apparel to-day, and at the same time we open fire,
as we have in the past, against high prices.
We show up the prettiest, the largest and the
only new stock of Spring Goods for Men's Wear in
town.
Of course, all our announcements bring out a
crop of imitators, but then why should you buy the
base imitation when you can get the genuine for
less money ?
Assault One.
We show you opposite the
new spring cut of the W^^^^itfZ^^
single-breasted sack suit. ?^f^^C!Ms- -^-?J?£i%.
It's a very ' natty affair, |^^t=*^JtS ~?^^^
and in brownish effects, the (^S^^'^^S <^^
swell thing for spring W^^^^pA JWrv
wear, full-weight fabrics. / / y 1 [l\ /V* (\
Want to own the original ( A Vj } / / \\
of this? They're . billed to \\o W . - *\®i Jr
sell at $7.50. \^ ; JJ r J )
For Friday and Satur- A/. f\
"'1.95. /iJ«
$4.95. IWm
Assault Two, . .
A\ i \l/—\/ C^ Want to own the prettiest
\\\\ \\ L )fp/'' ] Spring Top Coat in town?
*^N^Jfcfe ir^^^r y/, Opposite -we picture it.
■ It's " real swell affair,
"Z^^Bfl *S%>* J\\ made from those fine Eng-
■^^ZJw I ) I \ lish covert cloths, with
'"'' lyw!f J Ik sleeve linings of satin.
ill■ W ' 1/ J Nothing in town at $12
/((I Ilili^p B^f that's any better. There's
| . -iTi several shades to pick
Mtßßnmmitt' X You can own the one like
4 IT h/# ''' picture on Friday and
JP. \J Saturday for
WT $7.50.
Do you want a pick from ■■■■■■
the flowerbeds of spring? ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■
The prettiest things in I ■ I I I ! _
Suitings, the prettiest I i 7 | i«l
things in Overcoatings for ■■■■■■
spring? Do you- want to .' ■ >..
&c placed right in line with <&$> jj/ HB &==i^
what is the real swell '^h?f I^Tn^Mii^i
Z/^/^/ 117/// f/?r// 7/O7X /l9r i^^^,v»i/^
want to see the new Cut- (A- • ijßß&tiffi^f Mff\
away, the new spring —^f c -jnBBJK''" i §1' I \
cut of the Cutaway, or \t~^^SmßuH& I .! )
those pretty English serges \\ ft I JBHi^i I HI
in Double-breasted or .--==*,. |Q \Ctm H§ '(l[ W". -
Single-breasted Sacks, in *m m s JB E^ raW -
0/7^ «7^ &Zaofc, or f/^ose d *^ W f
These are the buds of the alljj^^itj
season, and they blossom t*««s ;
forth to-day and Saturday _ ' : -
nt --•/-■■ -T ? ? i : "'"T "
$10.00. Ililfi
82 82 82 S8 82 82 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 • ■
8« In season and out of ss
"^season, we undersell all §
88 comers. * But, you know, ss
|we handle only the finest. §
:U 82 83 82 82 82 88 88 88 88 88 82 82 82 82 82 B*BB 82 88
311-13-15 KEARNY
56
©hi <dtj£^&&U
FRIDAY FEBRUARY' 25, 1898
JOHN D/SPRECKELS, Proprietor. ".-.' I
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.;-.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts. 3. F- 1
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson street* |
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns'
for 15 cents a week- By mail $6 per year; per month
65 cents. ' '•- *■ ■ '■' '■'{-■ ; '.' ;••(: ft'iV
THE WEEKLY CALL ....One year, by n>a ll. $1.50.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative. DAVID ALLEN. —
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON (D. C. 0FF1CE.....^..;....... Rifcfie Hous*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent. .vT»,
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street. «orr)er Clay |
open until 9:30 o'clock- V 339 Hayes street; open until
8:30 o'clock- 621 MoAlllster street; open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarklO street; open until 9:30 o'clock
SW. corner Sixteenth ond Mission streets; open until
6 o'clock- 2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock
:C6 Eleventh st.; open until 9 o'clock. 1505 Polk street
cperj until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second
cod Kentucky streets; open until 9 o'clock- '
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin- The Bostonians.
California— Blac* Patti Tronbadonrs.
Columbia—" Shall We. Forgive Her."
Alcazar -■'Charley's Aunt."
Morosco'B— "The La*t Stroke."
Tlvoll-'The Vice-AdmlraL"
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Bush— Thalia German-Hebrew Opera Co., Sunday night.
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
The chutes— Chlqulta and Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Mining Fair and Klondike Exposition.
Pacific Coast Jookoy Clnb-Rac.-s at Ingleslde to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. ButterfieM-This day, February 25, Furniture,
at corner Post and Hyde streets, at 11 o'clock.
liy Frank \V. BntterfleM— This day, February 25, Turkish
Rugs", at lit! batter Btreet, at 2 p. m.
Hy Madison & Burke— Thursday March 3, Real Estate, at 626
Mark.-t Street U 1-' .'dock.
POLITICS IN SON JOSE.
I""*HE speech of Councilman Nolting at a meeting
of the Common Council of San Jose on Mon
day evening was the opening gun of the "gang"
attack upon the citizens' movement for municipal re
form. It sounded the keynote of the desperate cam
paign of the frightened boodlers and gives notice to
the reformers that they are called upon to meet stink
pots, and that whatever foulness and falseness can do
to drive decent men from the field will be done.
It is but justice to Mr. Nolting to say that no one
acquainted with him or with San Jose suspects him
of composing the speech. He probably had no
more to do with it than the brass cannon has to do
with the ammunition that is fired through its brazen
throat. He was at once below it and above it. He
was below it for he could no more have arranged
slander in such a cunning way than he could have
written a commentary on English grammar, and he
was evidently above it because the explosion like a
petard beneath his feet has blown him to such politi
cal fragments that a Coroner will never be able to
find enough of his remains to hold an inquest on.
The speech has an interest surviving the fate and
disappearance of Nolting because it has led to a dis
closure of certain tactics practiced by the San Jose
gang. 4 mon S the men whom Mr. Nolting spat
tered with the "loose expectoVation of his eloquence"
was J. P. Jarman, formerly a member of the Common
Council. It was charged that Jarman. while a mem
ber of the Council, had expended $2000 in improve
ments about the City Hall, making use of the ex
penditure as a means of getting votes to procure his
election to the County Board of Supervisors.
It appears that the work referred to was in charge
of a committee of which Mr. Molting was a member,
but Mr. Jarman was not on the committee. He says
he was requested to take charge of the work and su
perintend it because he had a practical knowledge of
the kind of work to be done, and he adds: "I learned
afterward that it was a trap set by the bosses to in
sure my defeat as Supervisor, they taking it for
granted that I would do as they would under similar
circumstances, that is, furnish all the materials from
my own store and have my own painter do the work.
I did not furnish an ounce of material nor did I put
one of my own men on the work, nor did I handle
one dollar of the money."'
The statement of Mr. Jarman needs nothing to con
firm it. but abundant confirmation exists in the many
disclosures that have been made from time to time of
the methods of the Santa Clara County gang in the
practice of politics. Records of the courts, records of the
proceedings of grand juries and records of one nota
ble legislative investigation at Sacramento bear ample
evidence that for ways which are dark and for tricks
which are vain the San Jose gang is peculiar.
The fight for reform and good government in San
Jose has been well devised and the forces that main
tain it have been well organized. Nevertheless the
victory will not be easily attained, and the men who
accept positions in the forefront of the battle will
have many hard blows to face and many mean stabs
in the back to guard against. The Nolting speech is
as full of warning as the rattle of a rattlesnake. It
means venom. The friends of honest politics must
be on their guard. If slander or any form of cun
ning can carry confusion into their ranks or weaken
confidence in their leaders and candidates the vic
tory that now seems well assured will be wrested
from their grasp.
The proposed grand exposition is the most appro
priate way to celebrate the admission of California to
the Union, and it is gratifying to note that all the
States and Territories of the gold-bearing region
show a willingness to unite with us in making it
something more than a State celebration. As a mat
ter of fact the undertaking should be national, for the
annexation of California was one of the most impor
tant events in the history of the republic and merits
commemoration by the Union as a whole.
It is surprising to learn that a Chicago scientist
who declares the present practice of saving the lives
of persons who are mentally, morally and physically
unfit to maintain themselves will result in reducing
all civilized races to a condition of lunacy or idiocy
fixes the date of that climax at a thousand years from
now. The general Impression has been that Chicago
is traveling much faster than tliat.
Getting up so-called charitable subscriptions that
yield a 10 per cent rake-off to the collector and a
whole hog grab for the managers of the paper seems
to be the only means of making yellow journalism
pay in this country.
The excitement resulting from the destruction of
the Maine has distracted attention somewhat from the
explosion in the School Board in this city, but the
neoole haven't forgotten.
THE JOINT RESOLUTION
O NNEXATION being dead by treaty may
l\ seek resurrection by joint resolution. In that
* case, being sown a corruptible body it will not
p"t on incorruption, by any means. The title we
propose to receive from Hawaii is not purged of its
iniquity by a change of process. There is no balm in
; a joint resolution to heal and sweeten the offense to
this country and to Hawaii.
The President of the United States said that the
government of Hawaii was subverted in 1893 by an
"abuse of the authority of the United States, which
was in rplain violation of international law, and re
cnired the President to disavow and condemn the act
of our offending officials and within the limits of his
constitutional power to endeavor to restore the lawful
authority." *
To this Lorin Thurston, representing the Dole
oligarchy, replied: "The fact that the United States
Minister may have trespassed upon the international
rights of the Hawaiian monarchy does not thereby
confer jurisdiction upon the Government of the
United States to deliberately trespass upon such
rights of the de jure or de facto government."
Here is the admission that the de facto title to
sovereignty was procured for the oligarchy by the
act of the United States, and it. is proposed to trans
fer that title, so procured, to this country.
The manner of the transfer is immaterial, whether
by treaty or joint resolution. We cannot honorably
wrest a title from its lawful possessors, put it in the
hands of an intermediary and from them accept it as
our own. This is not conquest. It is worse.
Mr. Jefferson laid down the principle that should
be observed by the United States in the acquisition of
territory. He was in favor of the annexation of
Cuba, and writing to Madison on that subject in 1809
he said: "It will be objected to our receiving Cuba
that no limit can be drawn to our future acquisitions.
Cuba can be defended by us without a navy, and this
develops the principle which ought to limit our
views. Nothing should ever be accepted which would
require a navy to defend it."
Tyler, Webster, Taylor, Clayton and Blame each
stated strongly, as a declaration to the world, our
Hawaiian policy to be the independence, neutrality
and integrity of those islands.
Secretary Sherman in his "Recollections," a two
volume autobiography, says: "I hope that our peo
ple will be content with internal growth and avoid
the complications of foreign acquisition. Our family
of States is already large enough to create embarrass
ment in the Senate, and a republic should not hold
dependent provinces or possessions. Every new ac-
quisition will create embarrassments. If my life is
prolonged I will do all I carf to add to the strength
and prosperity of the United States, but nothing to
extend its limits or to add new dangers by acquisition
of foreign territory."
Here, then, is the expression of a line of American
policy from Jefferson to Sherman. Every man who
declared that policy spoke by authority. True, Jef
ferson was not President at the time he made the
statement to Madison, but he had been succeeded in
that office by Madison less than two months before
he wrote.
Tyler and Taylor were Presidents and their declar
ations were official: Clayton, Webster and Blame
were Secretaries of State and Sherman was a Senator.
Nations apprise the world of their policy by acts
and by declarations of those in authority. In that
way our policy toward Hawaii was made known and
repeatedly confirmed. Therefore the lawful govern
ment of Hawaii had no notice of our intention to aid
in its subversion and our trespass upon its interna
tional rights was an act of peculiar turpitude. Our
declared policy had put upon the defensive in the court
of international morality every predatory govern
ment that extended its jurisdiction and destroyed the
autonomy of weak nations by such trespass as we
committed in Hawaii. As we have often pointed out,
our abandonment of our solemnly declared policy has
been most grateful to the robber nations, to whom
our former position was a standing reproach.
RAILROADS IN THE SOUTH-
ACCORDING to Eastern authorities a boom in
railroad building seems to have struck the
Southern States, and it is said the indications
are that during the present year more track will be
laid south of the Potomac and Ohio than in all the
rest of the United States and Canada together.
The Washington correspondent of the Chicago
Record says a conservative estimate of railroad build
ing in the Southern States for the year promises up
ward of 3000 miles of new track, which is 30 per cent
more than was constructed in the entire country last
year and four times as much as was built in the South.
It is said that upward of $40,000,000 in bonds has re
cently been floated for new roads and the extension
of old ones. Much of this money has been obtained
in Europe, and more in the financial centers of the
North, where confidence has been restored in South
ern enterprises and sure profits are expected from
investments.
It is not in railroad building only that the South
ern States are going forward by leaps and bounds.
The development of that section is notable in every
line of industry. The manufacture of cheaper grades
of cotton goods in that section has forced the well
established mills of New England to reduce the
wages of operatives in order to earn profits for their
owners. The iron industry has expanded until Pitts
burg fears the competition, and the shipments from
Southern ports have so increased as to seriously
affect the commercial prestige of New York.
Many causes have combined to bring about this
remarkable industrial development in a section of
the Union where the people have long been re
garded as unenterprising and comparatively stagnant.
The fall in the price of cotton has compelled the
Southern capitalist to seek other industries for the
employment of his money. The firm establishment
of the protective system has given an opportunity for
the upbuilding of Southern factories, and the break
ing down of Bourbon Democracy in several leading
Southern States in the last Presidential campaign has
encouraged Northern capital and enterprise to enter
the South and help in its advancement.
Conceding as much of Southern industrial progress
to these factors as can be claimed for them, there re
mains a considerable proportion of that progress
which is mainly due to the energy and sagacity of the
Southern people in advertising the resources of their
States by means of expositions maintained on a scale
sufficiently large and splendH to attract national at
tention. Thousands of clear sighted Northerners
visited Atlanta and Nashville - mong the crowds of
sightseers at the expositions in those cities and saw
in the exhibits displayed there abundant proofs that
the South is a promising field for enterprise of all
kinds. The South, therefore, is reaping what she
sowed. She has achieved success because she has
earned it.
The Great West can find a profit in following the
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1898.
example, of the South. In the West as in the South
the best exhibit to be made at an exposition is that of
the country itself, and since the country cannot be
sent to foreign fairs, the only way to accomplish the
desired exhibition of it is to hold expositions at home
and bring outsiders to the country. We need not
envy the Southern States their railroad boom nor
any feature of their industrial development. We have
only to act with an equal energy to achieve greater
results in our own land. Let the Great West hold an
exposition that will attract the attention of the whole
country, and the resulting benefits to this section will
cast the Southern advance into eclipse.
AMERICAN conservatism of speech and action
has rarely been better exemplified than in the
manner with which the great majority of
the people and their. representatives in Congress have
borne themselves during the period that has followed
the destruction of the Maine. Although a great ma
jority believed the destructive explosion was caused
by Spanish treachery, and although the belief has
been largely confirmed by each successive report
from the scene of the disaster, the country as a whole
has conducted itself with moderation and dignity.
With the exception of a few sensational yellow jour
nals and one or two irresponsible members of Con
gress there has been hardly a single notable offender
against the prevailing good sense and firmness of the
people.
It seems, in fact, as if the possibility of a war with
Spain had steadied rather than excited the country.
The resolution of the people is too strong to require
expression in big words and high-sounding phrases.
The discussions of the subject in Congress have been
particularly moderate and wise. Even less than usual
has been said about Cuba in either House, and men
of all parties are waiting with confidence in the
President to learn what course the nation will be
called upon to take when the investigation has dis
closed the cause of the disaster and the extent of
Spain's responsibility is known.
It requires no very discerning eye to perceive that
this attitude of almost judicial impartiality on the
part of the American people does not proceed from
any indifference either to the loss of the Maine or
to the cause of Cuban independence. On the con
trary, the sentiment in favor of a speedy recognition
of the belligerent rights of the patriots is stronger
than ever, and along with it is an increasing con
viction that the United States should take steps to
put an end to the war which for so long a time has
devastated the island and now threatens to totally de
stroy its civilization.
The day of agitation for Cuban independence has
about given way to the day of determined resolution
that Cuba shall be free, Congress will not force the
hand of the President, because Congress is well as
sured that he is animated by the spirit of genuine
Americanism and will at the right time and in the right
way intervene to put an end to the wrong and save
this American island from complete ruin at the hands
of a nation that has been proven incapable of rul
ing it.
Even the most conservative, however, are agreed
that the time for intervention is rapidly approaching.
The destruction of the Maine has hastened this con
clusion, but did not form it. The sentiment existed
long before, but had not reached the point of resolu
tion until now. At present the well nigh unanimous
conviction of the country is that the war in Cuba
must be checked and that the sooner intervention is
made the better.
Councilman Woodward of Oakland, who said last
Friday "I have not yet studied the water rates" and
on Tuesday said "I have studied water rates for
twenty-six years," is the latest statesman whose ex
planations require a diagram to be understood.
Perhaps the statement made by the Councilman on
Washington's birthday was designed by him to con
vince the people of his ability and willingness to do
a certain thing which Washington could not do.
Chicago's good citizens loudly applauded Ben
jamin Harrison's appeal to the rich to pay their
taxes, but we shall have to wait until the next assess
ment roll is made up in that city before we know how
many thought the appeal was addressed to them and
how many regarded it as a slam at the plutocrats of
New York.
It is not certain who prepared the slander speech
with which Councilman Nolting opened the gang
fight in the municipal campaign in San Jose, but it is
safe to say the man who prepared it would not have
uttered it, and the man who uttered it could not
have prepared it.
The sudden and stormy splutter in New York
against so-called "indecent" plays would have more
weight if the papers had not been so careful to name
the objectionable plays. As it is the wordy rage
seems very much like the latest theatrical device in
advertising.
A postoffice clerk in Chicago who saw one of the
new green i-cent postage stamps for the first time a
few days ago immediately telegraphed to Washington
that a counterfeit stamp was in circulation, and now
everybody in St. Louis is wondering why it is that
Chicago is always so far behind the procession.
Wounded sailors of the Maine are crying for
vengeance, but just where they may be expected to
secure it is a trifle uncertain. Some of the Americans
who were captured with the Virginius also cried for
vengeance, but there is no official record showing
that they obtained it.
There is little reason for hoping that we shall ever
get the new Hall of Justice completed so long as the
present contractors and architects are alive, but for
tunately they are mortal, and in the next generation
something may be accomplished.
Zola's year of imprisonment will give him time
enough in retirement to write a realistic story of the
Dreyfus case that will yield him a sum sufficient to
pay his fine of 3000 francs and hire a lawyer to defend
him for its publication.
The Oakland waten fight is now in such a shape
that the people over there cannot take water without
getting into the soup.
John P. Thomas broke into a store in Clayport,
Ind., last week. The crime was committed early in
the morning. The criminal had had his trial and
been sentenced before 10 o'clock in the forenoon of
the same day, and before 7 o'clock in the evening he
had begun imprisonment for a series of years within
the walls of the Jeffersonville Reformatory.
A versatile New Hampshire man who started in
life as a carpenter, later becoming an editor,
changed from that employment to the business of a
barber, and subsequently was ordained as a minis
ter, occupying a pastorate successfully for several
years. Now he is back in the harness again as a
newsDaper man.
THE CAUSE OF CUBA.
SPECIAL FEATURES IN
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
PRESIDENT GUTIERREZ of Salvador has written a letter to a friend
in this city telling what he proposes to do in. the next revolution down
there. The letter is not exactly like the famous De Lome letter, but
it lets in a lot of side light on the forthcoming battle for the Presi
dency.
That there's going to be a revolution there isn't any possible
doubt. In fact, after a fashion, it is already under way: the train of
events are started that will very shortly end in actual fighting and blood
shed. Hence President Gutierrez* letter and hence the story in NEXT
SUNDAY'S CALL.
Read it and get a good idea of how Central American revolutions are
started.
In a corner of this continent punishment for alleged witchcraft Is going
on very much like it did in the stiff-necked days of Salem. The Zunls.
under the pressure of the four chief priests, have Just had such a lively and
exciting time trying to whip the witches out of an old won-an that several
companies of United States troops had to be called out. The excitement
gave signs of passing into the wild, unlicensed proceedings of a "ghost
dance." Several white women teachers took a hand in the proceedings,
and now the Zuni is in such a distraught condition that the United States
troops are obliged to remain before it on guard.
What the whole uproar means is fully told In NEXT SUNDAY'S
CALL.
Did you know that your voice made pictures every time you spoke and
that the sweeter the things you said the more beautiful the pictures made?
Voice pictures opens up a vast field for people young and Oid.
Just read NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL and you'll find out how easily the
trick is done, and you can picture your own voices and the voices of your
friends.
Incidentally you'll rce at the same time what Interesting pictures are
made by the robust, resonant and famous voices of Jessie Bartlett Davis
and Messrs. Cowles and Barnabee of the Bostonians, Attorney W. H. L.
Barnes and Chief Sullivan of the Fire Department.
The San Joaquin Valley ranchers are not the only farmers who have
trouble over rain and snow and hesitating crops. The ice farmers on the
Truckee River have just as discouraging a time "cussing" the Government
weather prophets and getting out at unreasonable hours to «try and save
their perishing crops.
Ice farming as conducted on the Truckee is an exceedingly lively and
busy life while it lasts. NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL tells all about the inter
esting life of the hustling mountain ice farmer, his terrors of a snowstorm
and the very slick way in which he harvests his crop while- the summer
boarder is hibernating in ease and high hopes.
The law recently proposed in Ohio by Assemblyman Parker to regulate
marriage by physical examination has caused a great deal of discussion
East and West. Read in NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL how some San Francis
cans regard the problem. «
The disaster to the Maine has started people to talking about torpedoes
How they're used and thfe difficulties of using them* and a whole lot more
about torpedoes, big and little, is fully set forth in NEXT SUNDAY'S
CALL.
Pages of graphic pictures and columns of interesting stories in
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
BUY IT!—— -READ IT! f%«7
NO INVALIDS NEED APPLY.
There was a significant silence in the doctor's office.
The eminent specialist had doffed his livery— the long, stiff, white coat,
the cap and the reflector on his fore.head, which glowed in the darkness
like a malignant eye.
He stood a moment while the servant brushed an imaginary speck from
his spotless coat; he put his hat on, and, despite some unaccustomed pre
occupation which disturbed his self-satisfaction, he proceeded Jauntily to
ward the outer door. But he turned as the negro stood holding the door
open and said, suddenly:
"The last patient— James, you remember— the sallow, dark, young
man?"
"Yes, sir. I remember. With the heavy top-coat and muffler."
"Exactly." The doctor scratched his chin reflectively. "Well, when he
comes again — ah — discourage him — you understand?"
"Yes, sir?" said the negro, interrogatively.
"Yes. Just tell him I'm engaged and likely to be occupied all the fore
noon—or afternoon, as the case may be. Ah— impose upon him by your
manner, you comprehend? If he doesn't take the hint— ah— make him wait
—indefinitely, you know. And— and forget about him, and— ah— then tell him
I've gone out— something like that. You understand, I don't care to— to
treat him. I — in short, you understand?"
"Yes, sir."
And the boy gently closed the door behind him, locked ujr the place and
himself departed with as close an Imitation of the great physician's manner
as a slim, short man can attain to the dignity of a tall, stout one
Then the new glass table covered with instruments looked at the pa
tients' chair inquiringly, and the patients' chair returned the glance with
a significant smile.
"But why?" asked the table curiously, "why doesn't he want to treat
that last patient? Is he— poor?"
"Oh, no," said the chair patronizingly, "he isn't rich, nor well oft even,
but—"
"Isn't he good pay?"
"Oh, yes; he'd pay."
"Well, I don't see," said the table, thoughtfully, "does he dislike him
personally?"
"My good friend," answered the chair, stiffly, "he doesn't know the man
— has never met him, you know."
"Oh!" The table subsided a moment, then inquisitively continued:
"Well, has he heard anything about him that would— "
"Why," impatiently interrupted the chair, "that has nothing to do with
it."
"What has then?"
"Well, you are dull. Can't you see the man's ill?t
"Yes. Well?"
"Well!"
"Well, I don't see. Is It that he knows that he couldn't cure " i
"Well, I never!" exclaimed the chair, indignantly.
"No, of course not," said the table, hurriedly, "but If he's a doctor "
"Well, suppose he is! Does he want the office filled with unpleasant
sick people, who make the place look like a hospital? Does he want to
offend the ladies who come here for daily treatment and a little gossip
and— and to be petted and fussed over, with the disagreeable sight of ill
ness and real suffering? They come here just because it's pleasant and
pretty and comfortable here. They like to sit in the parlors and glance over
all the papers and pictures and talk to each other about their own symp
toms; then they like to come in h ?re and have him look at them gravely
and speak caressingly to them and give them a little treatment and a pleas
ant prescription now and then, lie likes that kind of patients, too. He
has become accustomed to them now, and he knows Just what they want.
It's easy and pleasant for him, and they don't mind his bills— he's so fash
ionable, you know. He likes strong, well people, with a little something th«
matter with them; patients who don't complain too much. It makes him
nervous to listen to complaints about ill-health and that sort of thing. He
likes people who Joke about their troubles, you see.
"Whenever a really ill person comes he frowns and gets 111-tempered.
He doesn't like it; neither do the rest of us. But they don't continue to
come very long; they go away indignant, to tell others that he is so busy
he can't attend to his patients, or that he's too independent; that he is im
perious, inconsiderate, a brute— that sort of thing, you know. All of which
means more business. Do you see?"
"I see," said the table, thoughtfully. MIRIAM MICHELSON.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
P. A. Buell of Stockton is at the Grand.
At the Palace is A. R. Katz of New
York.
T. J. Field, the San Jose banker, is at
the Palace.
John N. Mcßride of Chicago is a guest
at the Palace.
Lieutenant J. E. Cane, U. S. N., is at
the Occidental.
George J. Coote arrived at the Palace
from St. Louis.
Franciß Jones of New York is registered
at the California.
T. H. Harvey is registered at the Pal
ace from Kansas City.
Attorney F. D. Nicol of Stockton is
registered at the Lick.
I. Bird, the Merced attorney, is at the
Grand for a few days.
E. W. Runyon, the Red Bluff banker,
is a guest at the Palace.
T. Duggan, a mining man of Denver,
is staying at the Grand.
W. D. Pennycook, a newspaper man of
Vallejo, is at the Occidental.
E. C Banard is registered at the Occi
dental from Washington, D. C.
L. W. Falker, District Attorney of Mer
ced, is at the Grand with his wife.
Professor E. H. Griggs has come up
from Stanford and is at the Grand.
W. S. King of San Jose is at the Cali
fornia with his wife and daughter. *
G. F. McCandles of New York is.at the
California with his wife and daughter.
Nathan Cole Jr. and wife arrived at the
California yesterday from Los Angeles.
R. Wilson, a mining man of WallacOj
Joseph D. Hen
derson, a wealthy
insurance man of
Los Angeles.is at
the Palace, where
he last evening
told the following
story to Illustrate
MENDACIOUS
FROM PATRI
OTIC MOTIVES.
the transcendent versatility and magnifi
cent mendacity of the average citizen of
Illinois when the reputation of his State
is at stake:
"I was once passing through Illinois,"
said Mr. Henderson, "in company with
another Californian. The train was run
ning through a long section of farming
country, and, as we sat and looked out
of the windows of the smoking room, we
commented on the great fields of wheat
that, commencing at the fence which ran
along about twenty or thirty feet from
the track, stretched away in the distance
as far as the eye could reach.
"We compared the appearance of the
grain to the appearance of that in the
valleys of California, and passed many
unfavorable remarks on the poor show
ing it would make if brought into compar
ison with the luxuriant and magnificent
growths produced by the fertility of our
own unsurpassed soil and climate. Sit
ting opposite us was a quiet individual
who had been listening intently to all we
had said. Just as my friend had finished
a more than ordinarily severe criticism,
he leaned over toward us and said: 'Gen
tlemen, I don't wish to interrupt you.
but, as you seem to be rather severe In
your opinions on the wheat growth of
this State, which is, as is everything else
In Illinois, the finest of its kind In the
world, I want to ask you how far dis
tant you think this wheat we are pass-
Ing through is from the train?'
"I looked out of the window and said,
about twenty feet, while my friend
guessed about thirty. 'That's where you
make your mistake, gentlemen,' said t'.io
stranger. 'On these level plains there is
a tremendous mirage, and that wheat that
you think so poorly of is five miles dis
tant if it is a foot. Could you see it
close, in fact, as your fancy makes you
believe you do, you would never say an
other word about the wheat of California,
which compares to it as does a scrub oak
to a giant redwood.'
"When we recovered sufficiently to
speak, the first use we made of our
voices was to ask the veracious stranger
what he would have."
Idaho, is at the Occidental with his wife.
H. Robey arrived in the city last even
ing from Baltimore and went to the Pal
ace.
Dr. and Mrs. Leon Harvey have ar.
rived from Denver and are at the OccL
dental.
E. S. Churchill, a wealthy banker o!
Napa. is at the Palace with his wife and
family.
H. A. Jastro. a big politician and banker
of Kern County, is one of yesterday's ar
rivals at the Grand.
A. Lawrence, a mining man of Catskill.
New Mexico, is registered at the Grand
on a business trip to the city.
F. S. Morris, R. L. Durham and R. E.
Moody are three railroad men who ar
rived at the Palace last evening.
Some days ago
a gentleman who
resides at a hotel
where they em
ploy colored help
decided to tip
some of them, so
calling the waiter
j A LITTLE
> COLORED i
> SARCASM. <
> i
who attended him at table he told him
that he had a coat, vest and pair of shoes
that he did not want and that he intended
to give away and for the waiter to name
his choice of garment as he could not
have the entire suit. The black boy was
unable to make up his mind whit ho
wanted most, but said he would think the
matter over and hand in his decision in a
day or so. That evening, however, the
generous guest saw the porter, bell boy
and elevator man and disposed of all the
articles. The next evening as he seated
himself at the dinner table the waiter to
whom he had spoken first came up to
him and said: "I'se sorry fo' dem dar
niggers yuh gib de close to. De one yuh
dun let hab de coat hab cotehed a col*»
frum de breez dat blowed thrugh de holes
an' de man what am got de shoes is er
walkln* hise uppers an de boss man am
dun sarnt away de coon wid de vest fef
gibin' fleas to hise dorg."
The only reason that "nigger" is still
working is that the gentleman's sense of
humor was stronger than his sense of of
fended dignity.
THE MARTYRS OF THE MAINE.
And they have thrust our shattered dead away
■ In foreign graves.
Exiled forever from the port the homesick
sailor craves! . • '•-•-,; \v -^
They trusted once to Spain,
They're trusting her again!
And with the holy care of our own sacred
slain! • . .:;.;;■■-
No, no, .the stripes and stars
Must wave above our tars. V 1V 1 *-'.•.■,'■;;
Bring them hornet ,
On a thousand hills the darling dead of all our
battles lie, ..
In nooks of peace, with flowers and flags. But
now they seem to cry • • :
From out their bivouac:
"Here every good man Jack
■ Belongs. Nowhere but here— with us. So
bring them back." /'■■'.• -
And on the Cuban gales
A ghostly rumor walls,
■ ;•■--; •. "Bring us home!" .
Poltroon, the people that neglects to guard the
■ bones, the dust, ■ .. • • '.
The reverend relieves its warriors have be
■ queathed In trust! / ' -/ '
But. heroes, too, were these ' >
Who sentinel'd the seas
And gave their lives to shelter us in care
lees ease.
Shall we desert them, slain,'
i And proffer them to Spain
As. alien mendicants — martyrs of our
Maine? ■■„-
; ''*•:•*-■,* : '- •"■" "' : Not "-' Bring them 'iome? JJV3
, —Rupert Hughes .in ;New York Sun.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
COMMISSIONS IN THE ARMY—Ser
geant, Angel Island. The purchasing of
commissions in the British army was can
celed by royal warrant July 20, 1871.
AN OLD-TIME PAPER— G. W., East
Oakland, Cal. You ought to advertise in
The Call the fact that you have such an
old paper as you say you have, and in
that way you will probably attract a
buyer.
WEIGHT OF WATER— J. H., City. To
ascertain how many pounds of water a
tank of given dimensions will hold, ascer
tain the number of clibic feet of the tank,
then multiply the number of feet by 62.
which is the weight of a cubic foot of
rain water.
PRIZE FIGHTING— E. McC, Angel Is
land, Cal. There is no Federal law
against prize fighting except the one
passed in 1896, February 7, by the Fifty
fourth Congress, prohibiting prize fighting
in the District of Columola and in any
of the Territories. Most of the States
have State laws against prize-fighting.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Husband's Calcined Magnesia.— Four
first premium medals awarded; more
agreeable to the taste and smaller dose
than other magnesia. For sale only in
bottles with registered trademark label.*
Dr. Margaret M. Traill Christie, who
has been appointed by the India office to
study the bubonic plague in the hospitals
for native women in Bombay, is a very
young woman, and it Is only two years
since she got her degree from London
University.
" Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 20c a bottle.
CORONADO.— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry,
soft and mild, being entirely free from th»
mists common further north. Round trip
tickets, by steamship, including fifteen days"
board at the Hotel del Coronado, $155; longer
stay. $2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery
street, San Francisco, or A. W. Bailey, man
ager. Hotel del Coronado, late of Hotel Colo
rado, Glenwood Springs, Colorado.
Get a home; $7000 cash and $40 per month for
a few years will buy the prettiest house in
the prettiest suburb of San Francisco. Call on
It. E. McGUI, 18 Post st.
Don't forget Waller Bros. Gift Day, Feb. 26.
1898. 33 Grant avenue, corner Geary street.
Princess Beatrice is the greatest photo
graph collector in England. She has 800
photographs placed about her various
rooms k while she has thousands safely
stowed away. She has been an assiduous
collector of photographs ever since sho
was a little child.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Royal Baking
Powder hot bis=
cuit is the lux-
ury of eating.PICKPOCKETS
WERE OUT IN
FULL FORCE
They Had a Gala Day
at the Chutes on
Tuesday.
.Numerous People Robbed
of Their Money and
Valuables.
J. H. Hynes of Oakland Loses
His Purse Containing His
Savings of Years.
PAPER-CARRIER A VICTIM.
The Assistance of Four Detectives
i> cured Without Finding Any
of the Criminals.
There was a hot time at the Chutes
on Washington's birthday, and Man-
Utley was driven almost crazy by
imerous complaints made to him
• .pie who had been the victims of
•kets. In his desperation he
telephoned to police headquarters, and
Detectives Gibson, Wren, Reynolds and
Dinan were hurriedly dispatched to the
Chutes to search out and arrest the
daring thieves.
The first man to make a complaint to
Manager Riley was J. H. Hynes, who
lives at 618 Chestnut street. Oakland.
He went to the Chutes with his two
children, and, being afraid of burglars,
he took $350 in gold with him. as he
thought it would be safer in his pocket
than in the house. He bought his tick
ets at the box office at the Chutes, and
a few minutes later he had occasion to
put his hand in his pocket, where his
purse was supposed to be, and to his
Borrow andamazement he found it was
gone. He at once notified Manager
Riley. who telephoned to police head
quarters that pickpockets were on the
grounds. The four detectives were sent
out to the grounds by Captain Bohen,
but before their arrival the manager
had Feceived complaints from about a
dozen other people.
C. Gray, a carrier for the Examiner,
complained that he had been robbed of
a diamond pin valued at $250. He and
hi.° family had decided to spend the day
at the Chutes, and a few minutes after
he had left the ticket office his wife
drew his attention to the fact that his
diamond pin was gone. He hurried to
the manager and told him of his loss.
Gray said he had advanced $100 on the
pin to a friend, who was going to the
Klondike, and he would not have lost
It for anything-. Before advancing the
money he had taken it to Shreve &
Co., and they told him that he would
fee perfectly safe in advancing $150 on
It. He was sure it had been taken from
him while he was among the crowd in
front i>f the ticket office.
The complaints came in so quick that
Manager Riley was under the impres
sion that every pickpocket in the city
was at the Chutes. John Mann com
plained to him that after he had paid
for his ticket he put his purse in his
pocket, containing $12 50. and a minute
or bo afterward it was gone. Alto
gether twelve people made complaints
that they had been robbed.
When the detectives arrived they
made a hasty tour of the grounds and
arrested two men whom they thought
were suspicious characters, but as
nothing was found on them when
Bearched they were told to make them
selves scarce.
Manager Riley complains bitterly
that when he has asked for the pres
ence of a detective or two at the Chutes
when a crowd is expected the "upper
office" has paid no attention to his re
qu. St. Pickpockets have operated at
the Chutes on former occasions, but
birthday will stand out
ahead ol any other occasion.
Hynes 1 case is a particularly sad one.
He had saved the $350 after years of
hard work, and the loss to him Is al-
Irreparable. He told Detective
■. Holland of the Oakland force of
his loss, and Holland visited police
headquarters yesterday to see if he
could be <>f any assistance in finding
out the man who rubbed Hynes.
Eurekas to Incorporate.
The Eureka Society fur the Protection
of Children will hold a meeting this
evening for the purpose of taking steps
to incorporate the association. This
movement has been contemplated for a
long time, in order that the fines accru
ing on the cases it takes into the Police
Courts may be turned over to the society.
Vnclf-r the State law these fines cannot
be given to any but incorporated bodies.
It is believed there will not be much con
test in the matter of who shall constl
tutp the directory under the incorpora
tion.
Libel for Wet Sugar.
A libel suit was brought in the United
States District Court yesterday by Wil
liams. Dimond & Co., against the barken
tii.f Encore to recover $7500, the alleged
damage to a cargo of sugar taken from
Honolulu to San Francisco on the Encore.
The damage is charged to have been due
to a. wetting by salt water by reason of
the unseaWorthy condition of the decks of
the vessel. M. S. (irinbaum & Co. filed a
similar quit against the barkentine to re
cover $fil4s for similar damage to a cargo
of sugar.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
REO
ROUGH
Itching, scaly, bleeding palms, shapeless nails,
and painful finger ends, pimples, blackheads, .
oily, mothy skin, dry, thin, and falling hair, Itch-
ing, scaly scalps, all yield quickly to warm baths
with Coticoba Soap, and gentle anointings
with Cuticuba (ointment), the great akin cure.
(uticura
la >olil throughout the world. Ponn Dura in Chem.
Cor.r.. Sole Props.. Flonton
f£7* " How to Product Soft, White Hand*," free.
ITCHING HUMoRB^±^^^^
AWAITING A CHANGE IN THE WEATHER.
A number of vessels could not get to sea on account of the heavy weather yesterday and quite a number of steamer
are overdue on the same account. 9everal schooners went as far as the heads, but when their captains got a good
look at the bar they put about and returned to an anchorage off Meiggs wharf.
A SOUTHEASTER
MAKES TROUBLE
Coasters Could Not Get
Out and Steamers
Overdue.
The Klondike Craze Has Struck.
the Employes of the Mail
Company.
Nearly a Score of Them Throw Up
Their Jobs and Are Going
to Dawson.
The storm along the coast raised con
siderable trouble among the shipping
yesterday. The wheat laden ship Royal
Forth was to have gone to sea. but
Captain cooper did not like the looks
of the weather and remained in port.
The schooner Emma Utter was taken
outside by the tug Active, but when the
captain got a look at the bar he
changed his mind and returned to the
harbor. The gasoline schooner Mary
C. for Bodega, and La Chilena, for
Fort Ross, went as far as the heads,
but returned to an anchorage off
Melggs wharf to await a change in the
weather. The steamer Santa Cruz,
from Seattle; Columbia, from Portland;
North Fork, from Eureka; Arcata,
from Coos Bay; Samoa, from Eureka;
Washtenaw, from Tacoma, and Gipsy,
from Santa Cruz, were all scheduled to
arrive yesterday morning, but were de
layed by the southeaster which raged
outside. The schooner Mary Gilbert,
which has made several attempts to get
away with passengers for Prince Wil
liams Sound, finally succeeded yester
day and will land the miners she has
taken away at Orca station, near Cop
per River.
The steamer Mariposa is to sail to
day for Australia, calling at Honolulu,
Apia and Auckland. At the last min
t accommodation was secured in the
rage fnr fifty marines, who will ar
from Mare Island on the Unadilla
morning. These men will be
drafted to the Bennington and Balti
more, now in Hawaiian waters, in or
der to bring the crews of the men-of
war up to their full complement.
Police Corporal Cockrill had an ex
citing chase after a Japanese on the
Mail dock yesterday. The Jap was
placed under arrest for carrying a con
cealed weapon, and while the police of
ficer was calling up the patrol wagon
the Jap made a break for liberty. He
dodged in and out among the freight
lying on the wharf, and was just pre
paring to jump overboard when Cock
rill caught him by the coat tail and
pulled him down on the wharf. The
Japanese has some friends on the
steamer City of Peking, whom he was
very anxiouf to see. For the last two
or three days he has been bothering
Gatekeeper Ford for permission to go
down the wharf, but it has always been
refused. Yesterday he came down
armed with a big navy pistol, and his
lest followed. To prevent another
?mpt at escape the Jap was taken to
City Prison in Irons,
here is going to be an exodus of em
yes of the Mail Company to the
mdike. Third Officer Thompson of
the City of Peking has resigned and his
place has been taken by J. Marino, late
third officer of the Aztec. Second As
sistant Engineer Venker, also of the
City of Peking, and W. B. Swears, ship
ping agent of the Mall Company, are
all going to try their fortunes on the
Yukon. Miss Clara Strand, the popular
stewardess of the Newport, is to open
a restaurant in Dawson City, and the
Mail Company is now looking for her
successor, aSj the Newport is to sail in
a few days. And it is said that fifteen
other employes have the craze and
have thrown up their jobs to go to the
R! Union Oil Company's tank bay
ler Oleum broke down again yes
y. She Is used In carrying crude
leum to the gas works, and this
me third time she has broken down
since she was turned from a stern
wheel steamer into a gasoline boat.
Yesterday some part of her machinery
gave out, and she had to be towed to
the gas works by a tug.
Trie following graduates of the Mc-
Kevin Brothers' Navigation School
have been granted licenses by the
United States Inspectors of Hulls and
Boilers: As masters — Emile C. Gen
erleaux, Daniel McClean, Charles Ev
ans. C. M. Wilson. William Kendall.
Charles Madeison and George Wes
ter. As mates— E. Behrsing, E. Thomp
son, C. O. Sodardahl, Christopher
O*lsen, S. S. Pedersin, L. A. Gus
tafson, W. H. Davis and Hermann
G. Hansen. By the examining board
of the Chamber of Commerce, as mas
ter, Donald Munchison and John Kir
sten.
A Mortgage Is Not a Title.
A point of law of interest to all incor
porated bodies was made in a decision of
a case in the Supreme Court yesterday.
The Savings and Loan Society of this
city brought action against Fannie Mc-
Koon, executrix, to foreclose a mortgage
on land in San Diego County. It received
judgment and an appeal was taken, the
appellants making the point that the sft
ciety failed to comply with the law in not
fiiling with the Recorder of San Diego
County a copy of its articles of incorpo
ration, as required by section 299 of the
Civil Code. Under this law a corporation
holding property in any other county
must first file a copy of its articles of in
corporation before it can be a party to
any civil action. The Supreme Court took
the position that this law did not operate
in this case. A mortgage is not a title,
and may never be, hence it was necessary
for the bank to record a copy of its cor- i
porate articles. J
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1898.
DODGED THE
CONTRACT LAW
One Way of President
Colnon to Give Work
to His Friends.
Harbor Commissioners Divide
Orders to Keep Under
the Limit.
Split Big Contracts and Gave Out
Jobs Without Asking for
Competition.
The plaintiffs in the action of the
Paraffine Paint Company against the
! State Board of Harbor Commissioners
! announced to the court yesterday
! morning that they had submitted their
' case. Then the defense began. There
were no lurid arguments on either side.
The attorney for the plaintiffs simply
said on the opening of the court: "We
rest our case." Attorney Stratton, who
j represented the defense, said that he
would not at this time ask for a non
suit, but he would show to the court
out of justice to his clients that the
statements contained in the complaint
of the plaintiffs were without founda
tion in fact.
H. C. Holmes, the chief engineer of
the Harbor Board, was called to the
stand. In answer to questions of At
torney Stratton he said he knew of no
spruce piles being used in construction
work on the water front since Com
missioner Colnon was appointed to the
bcrard. He explained that piles of dif
ferent lengths were purchased from
forty feet up, according to the uses
that were required of them. Piles un
der forty feet in length were usually
cut from the sixty feet lengths, and it
was shown from that that the piles
used that were not of the required size
specified in the specifications were
short ones cut from the smaller ends
of the l'.-ng timbers.
To the plaintiffs' attorneys he said he
inspected the work of creosoting the
piles, and those he examined were per
fectly treated with the preserving prep
aration. The immediate work of in
spection was done by inspectors hired
by the board, and, though they came
under his supervision, he had to accept
their reports as correct and that the
work was properly performed. He had
rejected some piles that were passed by
them because the work of creosoting
them was improperly done. In the spe
cifications for the repair of the Green
street wharf twenty creosoted piles a
day are called for. The engineer said
the San Francisco Timber Preserving
Company's plant was sufficient Vr turn
out that many properly creosoted piles
in a day. The piles required for the
work were to be eighty feet in length.
One of the retorts in which the piles
were to be treated was only from h'fty
to sixty feet in length. The engineer
said he understood that the retort was
to be lengthened so as to be ready fur
the piles for the job.
The engineer was asked about the re
pairs now being made to the Mission-
Btreet wharf. He said they were
urgent, and told of orders being given
to the San Francisco Timber Preserv
ing Company to creosote 287 piles for
the job. The cost of preserving these
piles will amount to about $4000 The
order was cut in two pieces, and the
first job given to the creosoters was for
100 piles, and a week or ten days later
P. F. Dundon and his friends were told
to prepare 187 more piles for use on the
job. It is claimed that the job was cut
in two and separate orders given for
the work of preserving the piles so as
to avoid the law which requires work
on State structures that amounts to
over $3000 to be awarded only by con
tract on competitive bids.
Holmes was asked further about the
reports of the creosote inspectors, and
as he did not have them with him, a
recess was taken till the afternoon,
when he promised to have the written
reports in court.
Engineer Holmes had the reports of
the inspectors with him when the court
opened in the afternoon. They, how
ever, contained nothing that was of im
portance to either side, and the reports
were read in a perfunctory manner.
"Do you know," asked Attorney
Cope, "why the order for preserving
the piles for use in the repairs to Mis
sion-street wharf was not given for 287
piles at one time Instead of giving two
distinct orders for the piles?"
Attorney Stratton, the counsel for the
defense, objected to this question, but
■the court allowed it, and Holmes re
plied:
' % 'The only reason I can give is that
the orders were given that way so that
each order would be for amounts less
than $3000, and according to law the
orders could be given without advertis
ing for bids."
The witness said the orders for the
preservation of the piles in two or,ders
instead of one were given at the direc
tion of Commissioner Colnon, and it
was done to defeat the $3000 limit law.
Harbor Commissioner P. J. Harney
said he was not a member of the board
when the Slade lumber contract was
let, and he knew nothing of the trans
action except from hearsay. He was
questioned as to his knowledge of creo
sote as a timber preservative, and he
said from his researches in that direc
tion he believed creosote was the best
material that could be used. The ob
ject of this line of questioning, Attor
ney Stratton said, was to show that the
Commissioners had used due diligence
in acquainting themselves with timber
preservatives' used in the construction
under their supervision.
ASK THAT LOW
BE REMOVED
Attorneys Campbell and
Koch File a Sensa
tional Motion.
They Claim He Had No Right
to Hold a Japanese Mur
derer to Answer.
Superior Judtie Cook to Hear Argu
ments of Counsel on the
Subject To- Day.
The attorneys for the Japanese, who
some time ago shot and killed Mary
Costello, a white woman, with whom
he had been living, have decided to test
the right of Police Judge Low in hold
ing the defendant to answer before the
Superior Court and incidentally to have
the department over which he presides
abolished.
Yesterday afternoon they filed a mo
tion to set aside the information against
the Japanese In Judge Cook's depart
ment of the Superior Court. The legal
facts upon which the motion was based
were that prior to the filing of their
information the defendant had not been
legally committed before a qualified or
duly elected magistrate, because Jus
tice Low has not at any time whatever
been a Judge <>f the Superior Court, or
a Justice of the Supreme Court, or a
Justice of the Peace, or a Police Mag
istrate In any town or city.
That under the act of February 23.
1893, which supplemented the act ap
proved March 5, 1889, providing for a
Justice of the Pea< c for the city. Low
was appointed, and that said act of
February 23 is in violation of section
24 of article IV of the constitution of
the State of California in that said act
embraces more than one subject; that
the subject of said act is not expressed
in its title; that said act was enacted
with the intent and for the purpose of
revising or amending another act, and
that the Legislature of this State in
passing said act of 189:'. for said pur
pose did so by simple reference to the
title of the act sought to be amended
and without re-enacting and publish
ing at length the act sought to be re
vised or amended, as prescribed and
provided by section 24 of article IV of
said constitution.
On this ground the defendants claim
that the Police Court is null and void,
and that Judge Low having been
elected thereafter is not a committing
magistrate. The defendants further
claim that at the preliminary examina
tion the depositions of the witnesses
were not taken according to law and
that the defendant was not instructed
as to his rights.
The motion will be argued to-day and
the attorneys are confident of winning
their poin^
The Pinta for San Diego.
Captain Turner of the Naval Militia
has been notified that the Plnta, assigned
by the Navy Department to the division
of the militia stationed at San Diego, will
be turned over to the State within ten
days. Cantain Turner will receive the
vessel and will sail her down to her des
tination. He will be accompanied on the
trip by John T. McMillan of the bydro
gTaphic office, instructor of navigation to
the officers of the Naval Militia stationed
at this port.
Argued and Submitted.
The case of Pederson vs. John D.
Spreckels was argued and submitted yes
terday afternoon before the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals. S. M. Short
ridee appeared for the defendant and H
W. Hutton for the plaintiff. On the trial
of the case judgment was given for the
defendant with costs, and the plaintiff
took an appeal.
ADVERTISEMENTS. *
Many persons canno: take
plain cod-liver oil.
They cannot digest it.
It upsets the stomach.
Knowing these things, we
have digested the oil in
Scott's Emulsion of Cod-
liver Oil with Hypophos-
phites ; that is, we have
broken it up into little glob-
ules, or droplets.
We use machinery to do
the work of the digestive
organs, and you obtain the
good effects of the digested
oil at once. That is why you
can take Scott's Emulsion.
' 50c. and $1.00, all druggists.
SCOTT * BOWNE, Ch.mi.te, Ntw York. v
CUREDHiIH^g^]
PA!N4*Jsgr<£2O
ifeV^BD.S P I T 2 V.ri.o.
' ' :*: * '■'• ' ■"■' ■'- V _. . ADVERTISEMENTS. .; ": : ; '.- ';^::-- i ; --' . 5^
88 88 88 8 8.8 8 88 •*!*?*!« 8 8 8 8 8 88 8 8 85888 8 8 8 8 %%•»?;•%•»%•;•.%•.•.•.•. •. •. ',•.',',•,•.',•.•.',
i ia\ i ' /I V Now in Full Swing!
A \ I// Everywhere
I! I// / GENUINE ; REDUCTIONS
■ J^%/JLIJr Of ALMOST HALF on
Clothing, Men's
Furnishings and Hats;
Every article of recent style and the pink of
the latest fashion creations. Every purchase
guaranteed and your money back if you are not
suited in every way. An immense stock to se-
lect from, but early buying* is always desirable.
Ulfl {%f% Five Hundred ■. SINGLE AND DOUBLE (^\
\k I ill BREASTED SACK SUITS, in new fabrics, all Ap^j^
||}UIUU the latest shades, reduced from $10.00, guaranteed I>| ~j\
all wool. Your inspection is all that ia neces- yfciidL
sary to sell them. /f"^v/%/7\
|f|«7 HP Three Hundred and Fifty SINGLE AND If \
\l H1 ? DOUBLE BREASTED SACK SUITS, in shades J^J > \ }
W I IUU of browns, Havana browns, cheviots in blues and i//t^< ■ 1
■. •: black, reduced from $10.00 and $12.50. Each / /Afc£z> Iv I
and every one are trade-winners, quick sellers, ri^/i H&* if\^^=f J
sure pleasers. I I M /
Ifin ft m. Six Hundred, ALL-WOOL SUITS, single and • II / X\Jj!L
fiX Hi double breasted sacks and 3-button cutaways, in I j 1 || )/
UUIUU cassimeres, Scotch tweeds, overplaids and chev- / 111
. iots, reduced from $12.50. Our reputation is dyed, — |\ I
spun and woven in every garment. i \
IMfl flfl About Eight Hundred SUITS OF ALL CUTS, | \
Tkl 1181 inweaves of clay worsteds, cheviots and cassi- if 1
iPIUIUU meres, reduced from $15.00 and $17.50. Lined // \l
with Farmer's satin and elegantly tailored. ; JLJl**' \s/
! TROUSERS.
The Low-Price Banner waves in this department and prices are cut in half. Panta
! sold for $1.85, $2.00, $2.50 and $3.00 will honestly be worth double.
; /V\p*ri'c ur furnishings Department has made a strong bid for
: public approval, and because of our Correct and Up-to-
! FurniSH 111 Of Date Stock and the Sterling Values always to be found
; g^ j there, we have succeeded admirably. During sale great
: UOOQS* reductions in Underwear, Ties, Hosiery and Nightshirts,
FANCY 3OSOM SHIRTS, including one pair double- ip
link cuffs, reduced from 75c to Tuu
! BLACK AND TAN HOSE, full finish and fast shades, |ft|
reduced from 20c a pair to IZ2U
! NIGHTSHIRTS, good cotton, full size, reduced from nr-
I 50c to JJO
SILK NECKWEAR, latest fashions and designs, regular ft ft
: price 50c, reduced to ZUu .
WHITE, GRAY AND TAN MERINO UNDERWEAR, pft
i reduced from $1 to DUG
In spite of the tremendous reductions and the great values that will rule
; during this sale we will, as usual, agree to keep all garments purchased from us
I in repair one year free of charge.
COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS,
718-722 MARKET STREET.
78
LIKE MANNA
FROM HEAVEN
Farmers and Orchardists
Rejoicing Over the
Rainfall.
A Timely Soaking That Gives
New Life to All Parts
of the State.
Grain and Fruit Crops That Were
Wilting Now Give the
Greatest Promise.
Special Dispatch to The CalL.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 24.— A glorious rain
began falling here at an early hour this
morning, and has continued heavily up
to this hour — noon — with every prospect
of an all-day soaking storm. At 9
o'clock the fall was .66 of an inch. Total
for the season, 5.92 inches, as compared
wih 15.22 inches at this date last year.
The rain comes just in the nick of time.
It insures a vigorous and rapid growth
of grain, which generally is just getting
through the ground good and ready for
moisture. Orchardists are delighted, as
well as the ranchers and stock growers,
as it saves them the expense of irriga
tion. Many new trees have been put
out, and the rain insures them a good
start. With seasonable showers through
the spring crops are reasonably sure
now.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 24.— During last
night and to-day this region was fav
ored with a heavy downpour, and in
consequence farmers are feeling good.
While there had been no alarm on their
part, ram was sorely needed, and the
present fall seems to have i>een suf
ficient to raise their hopes for splendid
crops. Weather Bureau reports show
that up to noon to-day the fall was .90
of an inch for the present storm. Re
ports from all points through the fruit
and wheat growing sections of the Sac
ramento Valley show the fall to have
been heavy. An extraordinary thing is
that there is only about thirty-five
inches of Bnow <<n the summit of the
Sierras, where usually at this time of
the year there has been from twenty
to twenty-five feet. The effect may be
low rivers, unless immense downpours
of rain ensue.
STOCKTON, Feb. 24.— 1t began rain
ing here early this morning, though the
rainfall was light— little more than a
sprinkle. At intervals up to noon to
day there were slight showers. The
weather is very threatening, however,
and there are indications that a heavy
rainfall will be the result. Upon the
severity of this storm depends much.
The crops are in splendid condition at
present, and should two or three inches
precipitation result from this storm the
harvest of grain in this county will be
immense. This fact is conceded by <.M
farmers and grain men throughout the
county. Up to now there has been con
siderable anxiety among raisers of
wheat, but the present outlook for a
protracted storm has given things a
much brighter aspect. Five-hundredths
of an inch had fallen up to noon, and it
is still raining.
FRESNO. Feb. 24.— 1t has been rain
ing here since midnight, and the best
crops are assured. The last rain start
ed wheat well, but dry winds have
damaged it to some extent since. It
is agreed, however, that the rains of
last night and to-day will reduce this
damage to a minimum. Wheat is well
up, and there has now been rain
enough to insure a good crop. Sheep
and pattle men have not been com
plaining since the last rain, which
storm will assure plenty of feed for
their stock.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 24.— Indications
to-day are very favorable for rain here
and in the greater part of Southern
California, though not a drop has vet
fallen. The need for a heavy down
pour is very groat, and it is an open
question whether <>r not it is not now
too late for early sown grain to derive
much benefit, even if copious rains
come. Supplies of water for irrigation
and domestic purposes are very low.
The hay crop will be light, even with
plenty of rain now, and grain crops
have suffered. Fruit will be backward
SAX DIEGO. Feb. 24.— The weather
conditions in San Diego County are
much better in the foothill velleys of
the county than on the coast. The total
rainfall in San Diego to date is 3. 1T
inches, as against 9.08 inches last year
at this time. Only six-hundredths of
an inch of rain has fallen here this
month, and, although it is cloudy here,
there is no wind, and prospects are not
favorable for more than showers to
night. The grain crop in valleys twenty
miles from the coast is about half the
average crop. The principal anxiety
is lack of water for irrigating and the
city supply next summer, as the reser
voirs are all very low in this section,
and unless rains come will not last the
season out.
NAPA, Feb. 24.— A welcome rain has
been falling since midnight. It was
greatly needed.
WALNUT CREEK, Feb. 24.— 1t com
menced raining here early this morn
ing and at 6 o'clock this evening it is
Btill coming down. The crops in this
valley have never looked better.
WATSONVILLE, Feb. 24.— We are
experiencing the heaviest rainstorm of
the season. A gale commenced blowing
last night at 9 o'clock and continued
until 7 this morning, when rain began
falling steadily till noon. During the
afternoon fitful showers fell, giving the
ground a thorough soaking. There are
indications of more rain to-night.
MARTINEZ, Feb. 24.— Rajn com
menced falling at midnight and con
tinued up to 5 o'clock this afternoon.
The fall for the storm is 1.36 and the
total for the season 8.01 inches. Last
season up to date, 20.62 inches. There
will be good crops this year. The rain
has been a wonderful help to fruit
trees. The hills are green and there is
no suffering of stock.
VENTURA, Feb.- 24.— Rain began
falling here at 2 o'clock this afternoon
and has continued at short intervals.
Heavy black clouds ara hovering over
this city and the wind is in the south
east, which are indications for a heavy
storm to-night and to-morrow.
SANTA CRUZ, Feb. 24.— The wel
come rain commenced falling this
morning at S:SO and has continued
steadily all day. At times the down
pour was very heavy. The river is
higher than at any time this season.
The rain came when most needed.
WOODLAND, Feb. 24.— Rain began
falling some time Wednesday night
and has continued at intervals ever
since. At 8 o'clock this morning the
precipitation amounted to nearly an
inch, making about seven and a quar
ter Inches for the season. The barome
ter to-day touched the lowest point it
has reached this season. The wind is
in the southwest, and all Indications
seem favorable for a continuation of
the storm. Grain crops, while a little
backward, are in fine condition, and
will mature with less than the usual
amount of rain. Four or five inches for
the remainder of the season, if properly
distributed, will insure one of the
largest crops ever harvested in Yolo
County.
Landaus, wagonettes, traps and drags
of the latest designs at O'Brien & Sons',
'Golden Gate avenue and Polk street. •
PUBLIC KEPT
IN THE DARK
Double Dealing of the Los
Angeles Syndicate
Press.
Its Jugglery With the Water
Question Finally Arouses
the People.
The Call's Expose of the Rascality
Hatching Upsets Its Evil
Designs.
Ppecl.il Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 24.— The im
j pression seems to exist with the syn-
I dicated water company dailies of this
I city that the people have no right to be
! kept fully informed as to every devel
! opment and procedure that is taken in
; the matter of restoring the water plant
to the city and the resumption of mv-
I nicipal operation. This is the policy
pursued by certain officials in the City
; Hall. They strive to prevent any intel
i ligence as to the negotiations or their
; progress from reaching the people. The
Times, Herald and Express make no
effort to keep their readers posted save
on such 'occasions as an apology or an
! excuse or an explanation Is set forth
on behalf of the water company. Many
of the officials at the City Hall decline
to give out information for the reason,
1 as they state, that they do not desire
I the water company officials to learn of
their plans.
The truth of the matter is that no
; step has been or will be taken by the
! city in the matter of municipal owner
i ship and control of the water plant
j that the water company officers are
! not acquaint"d with before it is taken.
! The people are not fooled all the time,
S and upon this point they are fully sat
'• isried. Therefore, when they are told
; that they should be kept ignorant of
what is being done with their interests
; they are displeased and they have
manifested their displeasure in a most
! substantial way. They feel that this
! excuse is given in order that a job of
some kind or character may be put up
on them. It creates a suspicion in their
minds that they are being treacherous
!ly dealt with. They feel that as it is
their money that is to be used to buy
the water company's improvements
: they should be entitled to full light up
on the subject.
But the Times, Herald and Express
have totally failed in the discharge of
their duty in this matter at the behest
of the water company. The <'all has
occupied the field and has given the
people the most complete and compre
hensive information on the all-import
ant water question, totally free from
water company dictation— all of which i
has been very distasteful to the water
company press, but eminently satisfac
tory to the people of Los Angeles.
As an evidence of this prevailing idea
among certain people that the citizens
should know nothing as to the manner
in which their Interests are handled
until a deal has been consummated this
information is given:
The Westside Water Company has a
small plant which supplies the citizens !
in the annexed district with water. I
i The corporation has made a proposi- I
tion to the city to sel! Its plant and the j
matter is being considered by the j
water committee of the City Council.
The people of the whole city know
practically nothing about the West
side Water Company or its property, j
With a view of gaining that informa- |
tion. of ascertaining who the stock
holders were, what they had for sale, '
what mileage of pipes, mains, etc.,
what water rights, what they expected
to obtain for their property and all de- |
tails of general interest to the prospec
tive buyers, the citizens of Los Ange
les, a representative of The Call re
quested the secretary to furnish a
statement giving the desired light.
The gentleman said he would have
to consult the directors and officers be
fore he could do anything. He held
such a consultation and when a second
time asked for the statement the secre
tary said that the officers? and direc
tors had decided not to give any infor
mation at this time. The gentleman
was told that inasmuch as the com
pany had made a proffer to the city to
dispose of its plant the people were en
titled to know what had been offered
them and what income it was produc
ing. The secretary simply stated that
he would be compelled to abide by the
instructions of the directors and of
ficers. This is the spirit manifested by
the corporations and many of the city
officials in all of these water deals.
CANADA ABOUT TO
CHANGE HER TACTICS.
Must Make Certain Concessions to
Klondikers Departing From
American Ports.
SEATTLE, Feb. 24.— A telegram was re
ceived to-night from Ottawa, which in
dicates that the Canadian Government
may now make certain concessions that
will be highly appreciated by prospective
Klondikers who depart from either San
Francisco, Portland, Tacoma or Seattle.
Last week the request of Congressman
Lewis of Washington State, that miners'
licenses should be issued at Lake Tagish
in order to facilitate the journey of
United States gold-hunters in the Yukon,
and obviate present delay at Vancouver
or Victoria, was refused by the Dominipn
authorities. Now the ultimatum comes
from Washington, through Sir Julian
Pauncefote, that unless these facilities
are forthcoming the sub-ports of Dyea
and Skaguay, which were established
chiefly for the convenience of Canadians,
will be closed, rendering it practically im
possible for any Canadian with supplies
purchased at their home market to enter
by Lynn Canal routes. The announce
ment that the Canadian Government will
withdraw from its unreasonable attitude
may, therefore, be expected any moment.
WOUND ABOUND A SHAFT.
Terrible Mishap to a Eureka Boy in
a Shingle Mill.
EUREKA. Cal., Feb. 24.— The 12-year
old son of J. E. Paul of this city met
with a frightful accident at Bell & Han
son's shingle mill, at Trinidad, to-day.
It is supposed that he became wound
around the shaft. When found he was
lying on the floor unconscious. One arm
was torn from the socket, the other
broken In two places, both legs were
broken and he was badly cut about the
face and body. A physician was sum
moned from Arcata, and the boy's father
has gone to the scene of the accident,
but it Is not yet known whether he will
survive his terrible injuries.
KERN CITY MASQUEBADE.
BAKERSFIELD, Feb. 24.— About 10
o'clock last night three masked men en
tered a saloon in Kern City with pistols
in hand and relieved the bartender and
till of about $12 and then backed out and
disappeared. The officers were imme
diately notified, but up to this time have
made no discovery as to who the parties
were. It is surmised that the men are
traveling along the railroad and every
time they get a chance they commit a
robbery and then go on to the next town.
Besides the money taken they got two
pistols and a bottle of whisky.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1898.
SETBACK FOR
GOOD ROADS
Projected Folsom Boule
vard May Never Be
Constructed.
An Opinion by Judge Dillon of
New York Exercises the
Sacramentans.
He Declares That Supervisors Have
No Authority to Issue Bonds
for Such Purposes.
Special Plepatrh to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 24.— After all
the fuss and fighting and flurry, after
all the troubles and trials and commo
tion, after months of hard work and
incessant labor, after a hotly contested
campaign and days of anxious waiting,
the news comes at last which will in all
probability result in the Folsom boule
vard project being naught but a fan
tasy and a dream. Worse than that— a
nightmare to many who have spent
money, time and energy to the end of
an ignominious failure.
From the very start there seemed to
be some kind of a hoodoo hovering over
the scheme to build this twenty miles
of State road. The District Attorney
of Sacramento County first came out
with an opinion which proclaimed some
constitutional barriers. The Attorney-
General then took a hand and removed
the Ryan obstruction. When the elec
tion was all over, the State's legal pilot
found what he termed another blunder
on the part of the County Attorney,
and thus the sore between them could
not be healed.
Now it appears that had the District
Attorney stayed with his original con
tention and had the Board of Supervis
ors taken his first advice instead of the
Attorney-General's, there would have
been a great saving to the people of
Sacramento of time, money, worry and
excitement.
The proposition to bond the county
for $75,000 to build a model highway to
Folsom, which the State would ever
after keep in repair at its own expense,
was carried by a vote of seven for the
bonds to one vote against them. In
side the city limits the vote was eleven
to one. Never before had the people
of this county voted more overwhelm
ingly in favor of improvements.
When the time came to sell these
bonds there were plenty who seemed
anxious to purchase them. The b»;st
bid was from N. W. Harris & Co. of
Chicago, the bid being $76,012. The
next highest bid was from D. O. Mills
& Co., being about JBOO premium on the
entire issue. The bonds were awarded
to Hnrris & Co., and their agent, H. C.
Barroll, arranged with the People's
Savings Bank for the money, but asked
for time in which to- send all the papers
concerning the bond issue to the firm's
attorneys in Chicago.
Last Saturday word was received
frr.m the Chicago attorneys expressing
doubt as to the validity of the bonds
and requesting further time, stating
that the matter had been referred to
Judge Dillon of New York, who has a
national reputation as a bond expert.
Late yesterday afternoon word was re
ceived from Judge Dillon to the effect
that Supervisors have no power to is
sue bonds, and that property of muni
cipalities cannot be taxed for county
road purposes; that the county cannot
issue bonds for county roads purposes
and make the property of municipali
ties liable for the same. In this Judge
Dillon sustains an opinion to the same
effect given by District Attorney Kyan
on August 27, 1897, and overrules an
opinion given by the Attorney-General
in the case on September 26, 1897.
The Supervisors had asked District j
Attorney Ryan as to their powers to j
issue bonds for county road purposes, ]
and Ryan had replied that municipali- j
ties could not be taxed for such bonds, j
The Department of Highways was not .
satisfied with this opinion and re- j
quested an opinion from Attorney-
General Fitzgerald. Fitzgerald's opin
ion was adverse to that fit the District
Attorney, and on the strength of it the
election proceeded.
In a subsequent opinion the Attorney-
General stated that the bonds might
possibly be declared illegal, as the de
nominations of the bonds were not
named in the proclamation.
Judge Dillon in his opinion says that
there is nothing whatever in this objec
tion; that the sole cause of invalidity
lies in the fact that municipalities can
not be taxed for county road purposes.
The Supervisors met this afternoon,
in company with H. C. Barroll, and it
was agreed to take the matter imme
diately to the Supreme Court. Until
an opinion is received from this tri
bunal the people of the county need not
lose heart entirely. There is yet a
chance that the Supreme Court will de
clare the bonds valid, in which event
the firm of N. W. Harris & Co. have
agreed to pay over the money. It may
be that there is something in the point
that the Folsom road will be a State
road and not a county road, and it
may be that the laws of California are
capable of more liberal interpretation
than those of New York. However this
may be, it is probable that a final de
cision will be forthcoming in a short
time, and until then there is nothing to
do but to hope.
The effect of Judge Dillon's opinion. If
sustained by the Supreme Court, will
be to put a sudden stop to good road
building in the State. San Mateo
County is now on the eve of voting to
bond the county for $300,000 to build
good roads, and this election would, of
course, be called off.
VILLAGE OF CAPAY EXCITED.
A Little Girl's Temporary Disap-
pearance the Cause.
WOODLAND, Feb. 24.— There was much
excitement for several hours In the vil
lage of Capay yesterday on account of
the disappearance of Julia, the 10-year-old
daughter of Sylvester Brocclnl. Some
time during the afternoon she was sent
to the store on an errand. Falling to re
turn within a reasonable time, an alarm
was sounded and a search party organized
After scouring the neighborhood for five
hours the little girl was at last found se
creted in a barn near home. Her story
is to the effect that having stayed away
longer than necessary she feared to go
home lest she might be punished.
BBANCH LINE COMPLETED.
Nordhoff Now Connected With the
Southern Pacific.
VENTURA. Feb. 24.— The Ventura and
Ojai Valley Railroad was completed to
day. The tracklayers and construction
train arrived in Nordhoff this noon.
The building of this new railroad by
Grant tiros, for Hon. John Cross and
other Lob Angeles capitalists was com
menced last August. The road is fifteen
miles In length and joins with the South
ern Pacific in this city. On Sunday -Cap
tain Cross, president of the railway com
pany, and other interested parties will In
spect the road before accepting. ttegul.ir
freight and passenger trains will com
mence running Wednesday, March 2. A
celebration in honor of the building of the
line will be held at Nordhoff on Saturday.
A MYSTERY OF
LA CRESCENTA
Occupants of "Jerusalem
Palace" Drop Out
of Sight.
Doors and Windows Found
Open, but the Costly Furni
ture Is Undisturbed.
Owners of the Mansion Have Long
Been Missing and Foul Play
Is Suspected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.'
PASADENA, Feb. 24.— A princely
castle stands utterly abandoned at La
Crescenta, a short ten miles northwest
of this city, among the foothills. No
one seems to know where the former
occupants have gone. About ten days
ago they were missing and investiga
tion showed the doors open, silverware,
bric-a-brac, mahogany and other cost
ly furniture all untouched and not a
living soul in sight.
The history of the "Jerusalem Pal
ace," as it is commonly called, is in
teresting. About ten years ago Dr.
Briggs of Northern California settled
there in the foothills with his young
niece, whose father had died. Dr.
Briggs was an invalid. The girl was
an heiress. R. Gould, a young clerk
with a small salary but romantic ideas,
married her. Soon the young wife came
into a fortune. The two decided to
build a handsome residence. The result
was an imposing structure, which has
attracted many visiting tourists.
Standing up against the mountains, far
back from the traveled road, it resem
bles some ancient feudal castle. It is
built of granite obtained from the can
yons, nearly gray in color. There are
two towers and a court between them.
The building is but two stories in
height and studded with many little
windows. About the place are foun
tains, grass plats and shrubbery, all
terraced off and exceedingly handsome
in effect.
; All this work was done at about the
i time of the Pasadena boom of eight or
ten years ago. Inside the house was '
. furnished extravagantly, in keeping :
: with the outside, at a total cost, it is
: said, of about $65,000. The silverware, j
I mantels, clocks, staircases, carpets, !
j etc., are all of the most costly mate- *
i rial.
I For a time the young couple lived
happily together. Their neighbors :
1 bothered them very little, for the coun- !
try around about is settled by ranch- |
; men who raise (ranges, lemons, peach- '
es, apricots and prunes. Gould was
fairly well known in this city, though
; living so far out. He is not often in :
: town. After a time Gould became in- I
' terested in mines. The fortune his wife ;
inherited was lost, and of late he was '
] known to be in straitened circum
stances. The handsome palace grounds
began to be neglected, and Gould was
away much of the time.
There had been few visitors, as the
road i an far from the house. Sti'.l
1 passers-by every day could not fail to ■
note that the place seemed to be de-
Berted, and about te"6 days ago J.
Bathey decide*! to make an investiga
, tion. The result was startling. Not a !
soul was in Bight, yet doors were open,
■ windows up and plates and saucers
were on the table as if the owners had
but just Btepped out on the porch.
The neighbors were informed of this, j
' and comparing notes they found th;it
i no one had seen Mr. and Mrs. Gould
i for days. A watch was kept on the
! premises, and no one came. Where are
j Mr. and Mrs. (Jould? No one knows.
; Had they gono away upon a short visit?
| Would they have left thousands of dol- i
I lars' worth of furniture unlocked in
an isolated house? Foul play has been
' whispered, but as yet there has been
! no proof that f'<ul play was committed. |
j Time only can unravel the mystery of
the eccentric tenants.
STUDENTS WILL DEBATE
ON PRISON-MADE GOODS.
PALO AI.TO, Feb. 24.— The question for
the Intercollegiate debate was decided
here to-day, Stanford's representatives ;
havfng won the toss against Berkeley's :
committee at a meeting In San Francisco
last week. It Is as follows: "Resolved, \
That the system of unrestricted produc- !
tion of prison-made goods for sale in the
open market on the public account is
preferable as a system of prison manage- :
ment to the system in operation in the
State of New York." In New York the
law forbids prisons from engaging in pro- ,
ductive industry, except in so far as the !
State institutions may require. The
Berkeley team has now one week to ;
choose the side of the question that it
will support.
Death of John M. Wilbur.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 24.— John M. Wilbur, a
pioneer resident of this county, died at
his home near Evergreen yesterday after
noon. He was a native of New York, and
seventy years of age. He came to Cali
fornia in 1553, and a year later settled in
this county. A widow and a married
daughter survive him.
Death of A. A. Oglesby.
SANTA BARBARA, Feb. 24.— Word has
been received here of the death of A. A.
Oglesby, District Attorney of this county,
inHLos Angeles, to-day at 1:30 p. m. The
cause of his death is not known. Mr.
Oglesby has been District Attorfiey of
this county off and on for the past twen
ty years. He was a native of North Car
olina and in his fiftieth year. He leaves
a widow and two daughters. He will be
buried Saturday in Santa Barbara-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
foiTdyea
And SKAGUAY !
THE NORTHERN COAST
STEAMSHIP COMPANY
WILL DISPATCH
Str. "Tillamook"
FEB. 28, 1898.
For passage apply to
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO.,
General Agents,
18 CALIFORNIA STREET.
Telephone Main 655.
THE Y. M. C. A.
AT RIVERSIDE
State Convention Opens
After Selection of
Officers.
Clever Paper on the Financial
Side of the Organiza
tion's Work.
Others on "The Bible" and "Young
Men and Their Value to
Society."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RIVERSIDE, Feb. 24.— The annual
convention of the Y. M. C. A opened at
9:30 a. m. H. J. McCoy called the dele
gates to order for a business session at
10 o'clock and N. H. Jacks of Oakland
was made temporary secretary. The
chairman then appointed C. M. Camp
bell of Sacramento, J. P. Smith of San
Diego and W. D. Ball of Los Angeles
as a nominating committee, who re
ported as follows: President of the con
vention, F. M. Porter of Los Angeles;
vice-presidents— E. P. Clark of River
side, Major J. Hardie of Birmingham,
Ala., and D. E. Collins of Oakland;
secretaries— F. A. Jacks of Oakland
and J. J. Pennington of Santa Bar
bara; press reporters— W. O. Black of
San Diego and G. F. Ekins of Sacra
mento. President Porter appointed as
a committee on credentials J. E. White
of Riverside and Charles Glunz of Oak
land.
C. H. Chamberlain of Oakland was
introduced and read a paper on the
financial side of the work. The paper
was a good one, presenting the subject
in a clear and forcible manner. He
spoke of the need of correct financial
methods and of a sufficient amount of
money to carry on the work of the as
sociation. The financial burdens should
be borne not by one or two, but by all
who are interested in the work, which
should be as far as possible self-sus
taining. Mr. Chamberlain closed his
paper by giving some general princi
ples on financial management.
H. J. McCoy of San Francisco led an
interesting debate on accounts, book
keeping, etc., which was participated
in by a large number of the delegates
present.
The afternoon session was full of in
terest. Rev. A. J. Frost of San Ber
nardino presented the first paper. His
subject was "The Bible" — one that he
is familiar with. He urged the young
men to take their lessons from the
book and to be guided in all their deal
ings by it. He had done so and had
found it the only safe way.
C. P>. Willis, secretary of the Milwau
kee association, followed with an able
address on "Religious Life of the As
sociation."
At the evening session Rev. Charles
Edward Locke of San Francisco spoke
to a crowded house. His subject was
"Young Men and Their Value to So
ciety." The reverend gentleman said
that upon the good morals of the boy
depend the man, and on the man the
welfare of the nation. The address
was patriotic as well as religious and
was well received.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
fin II IT Let WHISKY get the BEST
ill IN I of you. GETthe BEST of
UUII B. WHISKY, which is the.
i- j^ = -~ GENUINE
mxk > DISTILLERY
'T itata I BOTTLINO OP
"km old
ffj PEPPER
WHISKY.
wfiK*£ N Bottv1 ti\ vEbi
l|j^^r^er^\\ Ul Bottled and Distilled
§Hljli|jAS.E. PEPPER
*Vj ' * i&^***^mmi * ' I tW Alll^lWll J l\ W | '
' : v^T* 3JBl!PiMi'**'*'i' T Y^ARS;' is guaranteed
li^^^^l 1 SAMPLE CASE $15
Hii f( r^t)nNGTONKv__ t j oAWIrLt bAot^lu
not satisfactory, can be
returned and money will
. be refunded.
CARROLL & CARROLL,
30<5 market Street, '
Sole Agents for the Pacific Coast. "
WILL CASH PEPPER COUPONS.
000000000000000000
%™.¥ PALACE wj
ZGRANUmiMI^*
i q SAN FRANCISCO. '■ ■ . X
Connected by. a covered passageway." "
: ® 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. O
i O All Under One ', Management. O
O NOTE THE REDUCED PRICES : Q
q European Plan. 9 1.00 per day and upward n
jf American PIan. SS3.OO per day and upward "
O Correspondence Solicited. Q (
0 JOHN 0. KIHEPATRICK, Manager. q
\ 00 000000 00 0 O 00 00
EAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From . San Francisco. Commencing September
• . - 19. 1897. ;
WEEK DATS.
For Mill Valley and ■ San Rafael— •7:2s, •9:30.
11:30 a. m.; «1:45. 3:45, »5:15, 6:00. 6:30 p. m.
Extra trips ■ for San t Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
■. " -• - ■■■■ ■ . SUNDAYS. V" . - - ■ .
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •10:00.
•11:30 a. m. ; .n:l5, 3:00, »4:30, 0:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin. .
THROUGH TRAINS. -
7:25 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
■i tions; 1:45 p. iv.. Saturdays (mixed train) for
Duncan Mills and way stations; 8:00 ft. m.
1 Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
'„ \ - (Via Sausalito -Ferry). " . -
Leave San Francisco, commencing Novem-
ber 13, . JS97: -•■■,■- -, ■■> •.-•....-. .. '■ : ■->.■--■
Week Days— B:3o a. m., 1:45 p.' m. •> -;?■'- •
Sundays— B:oo. , 10:00. 11:30 a. ■ m., 1:15 p. m. ; *
.Round trip from. Mill Valley. $1. ' ■--■ -■-.' .*
: THOS. COOK &>. SON, ' AgenU. 621 Market •
street. Ban Francisco. -- • ' ' - -•' 1
ADVERTISEMENTS. : ____,
88 88 88 88 ~Bg 88 88 88 88 88 S8 8»«^»«5 8Ts8T888888888888!8S8?88888 ss 2 '
{■ WBMBSSEEB3 WsSffl l^jiMWUipßßßHigßn^lifflßitJUßWffi^^*^**^^
CLOTHIERS, HATTERS AND FURNISHERS |
BIRTHDAY SALE!
RIDICULOUS PRICES! |S
Tfl-O?iV*^ay and Saturday \
* I
The greatest celebration, the most wonderful bargain-giving this city ever {
saw. Hundreds of pleased customers have visited our reception the past week, •
and all have partaken of the "Birthday presents" we had in store for them, j
Ridiculous prices have caught the knowing ones, and for this Friday and Satur- c
day there will be arrayed values eclipsing all previous efforts, and intending •
purchasers will do well to make early selections. Notably among the many 5
values offered, these will find prominence for the two-day special : <
RIDICULOUS PRICE, RIDICULOUS PRICE, RIDICULOUS PRICE, I
$71 j $5iH i $31 .|
Choice of 100 styles MEN'S ! Choice of 250 styles MEN'S STYL- j Choice of 200 styles MEN'S 1
FINEST SUITS UNO OVER- ; ISU SUITS AND OVERCOATS, j AND YOUNG MEN'S NEW, -
COATS, worth $15, ' elegantly tailored anil worth UP-TO-DATE SUITS, also i
— , $10, ULSTERS, as shown in our s
Ar * ____^ mammoth windows, worth s
Uhp $7,50, I
OJui yep p '.'■:■[
RIDICULOUS PRICE. ■ Olli B9Ci c -
Choice of about 200 pairs RIDICULOUS PRICE. . _ { '. «
MEN'S ALL CHEVIOTTROU- Choice of 550 MEN'S STYLISH, \ -nIUIbULUUS rMIUt. 8
SERS, in neat dart pat- : UP-TO-DATE DERBIES, The : Choice of all our $2 BOYS 1 •
terns, worth $2, value of these hats is $2,. '. SUITS, dark patterns, : all . g
— \ — =^ ••"•" Friday and Saturday only, ; sizes, 4to 14, •
•■•■•■•■-'■, . • Friday and Saturday only, : I
ISC. 0|,85 ':■ i
Choice of a thousand NECK- V*= - £%3w I
TIES, including shield bows, Choice of all the YOUTHS' SUITS MEN'S ; WORKING SHIRTS, In I
band bows, string ties, that were $5 and $5,50, ages | : Frasier's domet flannel, These •
Tech, puffs and foor-ln- Uto 19 years, very neat pat- ': garments are worth every- §
bands, terns and durable -pods, ■ . where. sBc* and are for •
For Friday and Saturday Only, ■ For Friday and Saturday only, \ • Friday and Saturday only, 8
, .. ; ' ■'.. .. •-'..._ s
00000000000000000000000 B E lS|° Pft ■ I mil 111 •
Man . . . Filled for goods jH |- BALDWJ^ :
iYVail. .... a 8 advertised to- I'"™.: D"h!ill_.. *
• • Orders o j d y e ' rs u will re . clothiers, Hatters and Furnishers ]
. .uru«r^ orkB will re . Clothiers, Hatters and Furnishers I
ceive just as named, or we reserve the 924-930 Market Street, •
right to substitute such goods as we tl __...__,_. i
think will fill the bill." ALWAYS g
00000000000000000000000 THE CHEAPEST" •
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAM IF RANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m.: 12:35,
8:30, 5:10, 6:20 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.:
12:45, 3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips
at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40. i
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave -Tn«>fr<v.t ' Arrive
Pan Francisco. <>t 31, San Francisco.
Week) Sun- i rwit^tirm I Sun " I Wee*
Days. I days. Destination I daya- ! daya
7:30a.m. '8 :00a.m.l Novato, 10:*0 a.m. 1 8 :40*.m.
8:30 p.m. ]9:30 a.m. • Petaluma, t «:10p.m. 10:23 a.m.
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Santa Rosa. i 7:35 p.m. C:22p.m.
; Fulton.
7:30 a.m. Windsor, 10:25 a.m.
Healdsburg,
:..'"■•< Lytton, ■
. Geyservllla,
3:30 p.m. S:ooa.m. Clovordale. 7:35r».Tn. : B :22p.m.
7j ] Uopland and I
7 :50a.m. 1 9 -00a.m. ! Ukiah. I 7:35 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7:30 a.m. "- | 10:25 a.m.
8:00 a.m .! Guerneville. 7:Ssp.m.
8:30p.m.J I -.-•■'. 6:22 p.m.
7 :3<Ja.m. B :oUa.m- i Sonoma 1 10 :40 a.m. :40a.m.
ana . . :
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. ' i 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7:SOa.m.]B:oOa.m.) hlu ,t/. nn i |10:40 a.m. 10:25 a.m.
8:30p.m.|5:00p.m.[ SeUaatcpoL | 7:35 p . m. 7:22 p.m.
Stapes connect at Santa Rosa tor Mark West ;
Frrings; at Geyserville forSkaggs Springs; at :
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for |
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Soda » Bay.
Lamport and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for I
I Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, I
; Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake,' Porno, * Potter !
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck- i
| nells, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle, Boonville. !
1 Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort ,
j Bragg. Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re- !
duced rates. .
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half, rates.
Ticket Offices— 6so Market street. Chronldt
building.
"a. W. FOSTER. R. x. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
iiZ I^. mil California"
RfgfPlP LIMITED.
■JjtlVfflH SAN FRANCISCO
Ikll Sllfl CHICAGOi
. .Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS.
: Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
; DINING CAR, V V, .'
; BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleeper*.
, S% days to Chicago, 4V4 " days to New York.*
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
! Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m., carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast time. Direct connection in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. • Ban Francisco ticket office. 644 Market
street. ; Chronicle building. Telephone Main
1620. Oakland office, 1118 Broadway. Sacra-
mento office, 201 J street. San Jose, 7 West
(Santa Clara street. : ..■•....
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
Prom September 10. 1807, trains will run a*
follows: ■:■■■• • ■ ■ . . ■. . ■ .. ■
~ Southbound. 1 Northbound
j «y Station^ M^
Daily., j Exc'p'td — — Exc'p'td DaU>.
L : m a.m. '; 9:00 am - Stockton 8:45 p.m. 5:40 p. NT
10 ««?'£• R :^ p - m - reed 12:50 p.m. 3:53 pint
10.40 a.m. 8 :60 p.m.* Fresno i J:3oa.m. 2:^001 I
11:40 a.m. 5:20 p.m. Hanford fc ,46 a.m. l-iinm ■
W:lsp.m.. 6:40 p.m. VisaUa ■! 6:40 a.m 12-40 Dm
_ Stopping at Intermediate points wnea required !
Connections-At Stockton with steamboats of !
C. ;N. ft .I. Co.. v leaving , San * Francisco and • |
! Stockton , at 6 p.' m. daily; at Merced with '
Suf e an d fro ? SnelHnpi C^uHervlUe.
also with stage for Hornitos. Mariposa, etc • !
at Lwikerßhlin with stage to and from Maderil '
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
— . ~ *~~ . -
HOI Till. UN I'.KIKIC COMPANY.
(PACIFIC HVBTKSL)
Trnlna Icaic itn<l me <!iu- to nrrlvis mi -
NAM I'IIAKCIMO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) '
wave _— Fhom January 1, 1893. — arbiv ;
•O:OOa .Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... . *S:4sa
7:00 a Benicla, Suisua and Sacramento.... 10:45 a
7:00 a. Marysvillo, Orovilluaml Kedding via .
Woodland ' S:4»r
7:00.v Vacavillo anil Itumsey 8:40*
7:UOa Martinez, Sau Hamon, Vallejo. Napa,
Calistoga ami Santa Roßa 6:inr
8:0|»a Atlantic Express, Ogden ami Kast.. Bi43p
M?:tOA Miles, Sun .lose. .Stockton, love,
Sacramento, Muryavilic, Chico,
Tehaiua oi:d *itr, r
•S:3oa Peters, Jliiton nun Oakdale "7il3p
9:OOa New Orleans Kxprea, Merced, Itay.
- monii, l'i'c-HiKi, liakcraliulil, Santa •
IliiliHia, J.os Airfcles, Iteming, ■'.■* '■' V
■ £1 l'aso, Now Orleans and East. 0:45p
O:OOa Vallejo, Martinez, Merced and
Fresno 1 2:1
•l:OOr> Sacramento ltiver Stenmers "!»:OOp
J:OOr Niles, San Joso and Way Stations.. ■ {9:15 a
l:3Or Martinez and Way Stations 7:43r
9£: OOp Livermore, Mecdota, Ilanford and
ViiiaJia 4:13, »
....... Liversjorc, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations t10:13.i
4:«0p MartiiK-/., Kan lUtnon, Vallejo.
Napa, Calistoga, 1.1 VerkMin and
Santa liosa 9ilSa
«i««ip Benicia, Vacaville, Woo and,
v # Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro- ;
villo nnd buennnonto 1«:4S A
4rl»op Nilea, San Jose, Trncy and Stockton .. 7:15?
4:30p Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Bercnda,
l''reeno, Mojavo (for lUudsburg), .
. . BauU Barbara and !,c,3 Angeles.. 754-"Sa
4:»«p Simla Fa JtL-ute, Atlivnlio lCxiiress
forf.lojavo ami llftst..,.*. ;., 0:45 p
«i3:3op " Sunset, Limited." Lob Angeled, El
Paso, Fort Worth, Little liock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East .*. . §1 0:1.1 v
Hss3Op " Sunset Limited Annex," El Paso.
New Orleans and East SIO:I9a
o:OOpKnroiioiiiiMnil, Ogilon and Kast.... 9:4.1 a
■ O:O»i>]luywav<ls, Niks un.l Han. lobo 7:4.1\
}•*:«<»!• Vallej< 17:45p
*:««!• Ore(?oii i':xincn»,Sttcranieuto, Marys-
vllle, .i.H.iu, I'ortlan.l, r..gft
■ Siiiiiml and I'jist 8:15 a
«AS LKAItIWU AMI IiAVWAUDU LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) .. •
♦•6:00 a ] ~ 7 TiibA
* : °*> A Mclrose, Scminnry Park, «*9s4. p
10.06 a . iitakknt, Klmharst, } 0^
iJ1:00a San l.fun.lro, South San ' 18t4»p
J ** : .°?. Le«n«lro,^t»dill«, gjjg'
iiliOOp Lorenzo, (berry. i , ,*4j4sp
•*:« Op '. 1 «3:43f
R:OOp and f 6:1,-p
■•22* 1 Haj wards. 7:10p
* ! J!ft P ' 'Runii through to Nile*. ' , »:45p
vii?- 1 ' « From Niles. ' >o»s«i'
t»ll:l.»I->> ttia.-00l-
COAST DIVISION (Narrow imuge).
(Foot of Market Street.) ■ > - _- ■ ?
»iil»A Newaik.Ceiitervlll<>,Niiii.loBe,Pelton, ' •
llouldcr Creek, Santa Cruz and Way -•.:,.
._ ._ Stations SiSVr
*S:lsp Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New *.
- Alinaden, Feltou, lioulder Creek, ' (
Santa Cruz and Principal Way ' •-•.%.,
Stations * l«il>««,
4:l i- Newark. Snn .lose and Gatoi . . . 9iBO *
t11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and ■
■' Way Stationa t7t«op
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SiN FRANCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
• 3* ■■ t5:30 ■ *6:00 p.M. U:W - #8:0 ° t3:M
Pro»o\ UND— Foolofßroadw»y.— "C:00 8:00 10:00 i.v."
t!2:00 «l:00 t2:00 *3:00 ti:QQ «B:O0r.lU
COAST DIVISION (Broad tituge). *
r (Third and Towngend Sts.) '
6i53a Han .lose nml Way Stations (New '
Alniaden Wednesdays 0n1y)....... 0:39 a
»:OOa Han .loa.i. Tres Tines, Santa Cruz, . .
: raolltc <irovo, l'aao Itobles, Ban
Luis <)l)iano, Giiadalupe, Surf and
■ « .« c Principal Wny Stations '4ilS?
I 0:410 a Sau .loae and Way Stations ..-'. . *S>OOa
11>3Oa San Joso and AY ay Stations ..... 6:33 a
*2:»oi> San Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park
Santa Clara, San Jose. Gllrcy.
Hollister, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
--■' ■> •" Monterey nnd Pacific (Jr0ve...... "10:404
S:l3p an .1030 and Principal Way Stations »O:OOa
IV}?, ' an 'l ose ailll Principal Way .Stations »:45a
"s:<y)p San Jose and Principal Wa7 Stations l:»Op
3:»op San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 5:»0p
• o:.!Oi- San Jose and -Way Stations 7:20r
1ll:4.1i- San Jose and Way .Stations.. .'..'..'. *7:20P
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
Sundav.s e ? ce l'' eil - t Sundays only, t Saturdays only.
• tt Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
. . ? ft Mondays and Thursdays. nights ouly.
Mondays and Thiiredays.
-. 1 Wednesdays anil Saturdays. ;
Q ViBl DR. JORDAN'S "**
mm Museum of Anatomy
I m[% \ KB IU2K2T ST. tot 6th 4 7th, S. F. C»L
D ,q. *^> TD The Largest of lv kind in tb« World.
rSwwV DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
: »lT^T(']». '■ '■'■'■- Consultation froe. HTrit» fer Book ■■ ,
1 1 Philosophy of ; MarriagSt
™. ■* UAILED FRCK,GOLD STOLEN
FROM THE MINT
Foreman of the Rolling-Mill and an Outside
Accomplice Placed Under
Arrest.
Metal Has Been Systematically Carried Away for Three
Years Under the Eyes of Watchful
Detectives.
Through ' of Harry N.
Morse's : > •'■'■ ' Secret
Service Ag : Harris and Sprague,
William ■ reman of the roll-
Ing mills in th ■ Mint, and Martin Eg-
g erSi loing business at the
: Eddy streets, were
DroU j : ■■::!•■! States Marshal
Ban- yesterday, charged with
B y S t robbing the United
Mint.
some time past the authorities in
charge of the Mint have been puzzled
stant shortage of gold, which
could not be reasonably accounted for
CLARKSON, THE ACCUSED MINT EMPLOYE.
in any manner other than that some
body was pilfering the precious metaL
iionth after month a? the accounts
were balanced the deficiency was not
ed, but it was Impossible to trace it to
any one department, and the conclu
sion was reached that somebody was
subjecting the gold to the "sweating"
process and carrying it away in quan
tities bo small as to escape detection.
■ The usual caution was redoubled, and
. every employe who could possibly be
connected with it in any way was
closely shadowed; but this also proved
useless. Under the most rigid scrutiny
nothing out of the way could be dis
.covered, and the stealing continued as
regularly as before.
S ing that they could do nothing
selves, the authorities placed the
ter in the- hands of Secret Agent
Harris. This was about two years ago,
and during all that time the gold has
been systematically carried away in
small quantities so cleverly as to elude
the most vigilant watchers. No one
n could be suspected, as the work
was done so neatly as to make it im
.>]>■ to suspect anybody.
Despairing of finding the culprit un
aided Mr. Harris placed the matter in
Morse's hands while continuing to work
with him. Morse and his assistants
took hold of the case, realizing the
magnitude of their undertaking, but
confident of a successful termination
of their efforts. For a time they w.-re
completely baffled. The shadowing sys
tem was renewed, and each employe
who had anything to do with the hand
ling of the gold was, unknown to him
self, under the eyes of a detective, who
watched his every movement until con
vinced of his innocence.
The real culprit, however, was still
bright enough to elude the watchers,
and the pilfering went on as merrily as
before.
Drawing the natural conclusion that
after the goid was abstracted from the
Mint it was disposed of somewhere
within the city, Morse set himself to
watch on the outside, and his vigilance
was soon rewarded. He made the dis
covery that Eggers was disposing of
: "slugs of gold, and that the source
from which he obtained tlie.se was
somewhat enveloped in mystery. This
led to a watching of Eggers' associates,
and the suspicion soon fell on Clark
son, who was watched by Captain <"al
lunden and Agent Harris until the lat
ter was removed and his place was
filled by Sprague.
Although confident that he had the
right man, Morse delayed the arrest
knowing that the time would soon ar
rive when more of the stclen metal
must be disposed of and preferring to
catch the culprits red-handed. In this
he was successful. Yesterday he placed
Eggers under arrest, and at the same
time Sprague and Callunden took
Clarkson into custody. The men were
taken before Marshal Barry Baldwin
barged with the crime. Clarkson,
who is believr d to be the real culprit, I
was held in default of $5000 bail, but
rs was simply held as a witness !
•. as released on his own recogni
■
The most important evidence against
the men is a slug of gold found in Eg
possession, and valued at about
• has the appearance of bavins
been melted in a blacksmith's forge.
It is believed that Clarkson, who
handled a great deal of the gold, would
Lge to secrete small chips of it
about Ins person when no one was
watching. These would not readily be
missed, as their weight would be In
nnit< slrnal alone, and they could read- I
ily be carried away and melted down
into slugs in any convenient furnace.
The pilfering has now been going on
for about three years, and the loss has
averaged about $1000 a year. The credit
is due to Morse and his assistants for
the clever way in which they managed
the investigation and the speed with
which they brought the criminals to
Justice. •
Clarkßon, .when seen at the County
Jail last ni.s:ht, said ho expected to be
able to prove his Innocence of the
charges made against him.
"My arrest does not bother me," said
he, "for I know that I am innocent.
The fact that nay wife was refused
mo." he added.
"bothers me more than the charge. T
am the victim of a job and time will
prove that I am .correct."
"Who would have an interest In job
binLr you?" was aslced.
"I cannot say just now," replied
Clark.--;:, "but I can say Coiner Spotts
has no love for me. He has been nag
ging at me all the time, and on more
than one occasion I told him in very
plain Saxon what I thought of him.
My previous record will now stand me
in hand. For eight years I was Deputy
Sheriff and constable in Siskiyo-u Coun
ty, and not a complaint was made
against me.
"I have always borne a good name,
and notwithstanding the fact that I
am now in jaU, it will remain, for I will
prove to the satisfaction of all that I
am innocent. Eggers said that I gave
him gold. That is true. I often gave
him gold when settling the family gro
cery bill at his store on the corner of
Hyde and Eddys treets.
"I never wronged him or any other
man living, and I defy any one to prove
the contrary. Were I at home in Sis
kiyou, where I am known, I would not
be many minutes in jail. I could read
ily find bondsmen. I am content to re
main here, however, until time and
investigation will prove that a mistake
W. W. Foote, Who Declares He Is Not a Candidate.
has been made in accusing me of
< rb-.T\ T never rlid a wrong act in mv
life, and, knowing that, I will be
!." _______________
New Point in Liens.
A nfw pobit rame up In the Supreme
Court recently relative to mechanics" and
rial men's Hens In the suit of the
Madera Flume and Trading Company
nsln F. Kendall. Kendall
a contractor named William Price
constructed a building and the company
mentioned furnished The lumber. Not re
ceivtng the pay due the company at
tached the lot under the lien law and ob
talned Judgment In the appeal taken it
was shown that the flume company
failed to Biune or state the name of the
person to wlv>m the lumber was fur
nished and who gave the order for the
material. In this omission it failed to
follow the: statutes and the judgment of
the lower court was reversed.
Headache QulcK'V Cyred.
Dr. Davis' Anti-Headache never fails. 25c*
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1898.
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT INTERFERED.
Alaska Packers' Association flakes Its Opening Statement in Answer to the
Allegations of the Pacific Whaling Company.
Seines of the Pacific Whaling Company at Rest Prior to the Con=
test of Litigants' Employes.
The defense In the action of the Pa
cific Whaling Company against the
Alaska Packers' Association for $100,
000 damages made its opening state
ment in Judge Hunt's court yesterday.
The plaintiff in the suit alleges that the
defendant, contrary to law, interfered
with its employes while they were en
gaged in fishing for salmon at Carluk
Spits and Tanglefoot Inlet. It is con
tended that while the employes of the
Pacific Whaling Company were busily
NOT IN THE
RACE FOR
GOVERNOR
W. W. Foote States
His Position in
Positive Terms.
Would Not Accept a Cer
tificate of Election to
the Office.
But the United States Senator
ship Is a Different
Matter.
WOULD SUCCEED WHITE.
His Friends Say That at the Proper
Time He Will Announce
His Candidacy.
Out of the confusion into which the
Democracy of California has been
thrown by the positive announcement
of Senator Stephen M. White that un
der no circumstances will he be a can
didate for re-election have sprung many
rumors, indicating a general shaking-
up in the party.
W. W. Foote was seen last evening,
and, in reply to a question as to what
effect Senator White's decision would
have on the fa'! election, said that,
while the Senator's determination not
to become a candidate for re-election
was a loss to the Democratic party. It
was a far greater loss to the people of
the State.
"Senator White is beyond question
the best man for the position in the
State," said Mr. Foote. "Honest and
fearless, he is a man of brilliant at
tainments, and during his Senatorial
career he has earned the respect of his
colleagues, without regard to party.
! The Soft Glow of the Tea Rose
is acquired by ladies who use Pozzoni's
Complexion Powddb. Try it.
engaged one day drawing In the seines,
which were full of fish, the defendant
sent its steamer and men to prevent
the landing of the salmon, and that In
the disturbance that followed the ob
ject of the contending forces was
brought about. Through such interfer
ence the plaintiff avers that it has been
damaged in thr sum sued for and asks
that judgment 1"' given accordingly. In
the opening statement of the defense
yesterday it was contended that the
beach upon which the Pacific Steam
This is amply proved by the honors
showered upon him — honors that few
men have gained ■hiring their first term
in that body. Notably in that respect
was his appointment to the Foreign
Affairs Committee ;uid his selection, as
chairman of the Democratic Congres
aional Campaign Committee.
"Senator White had been installed in
his seat but a short time when the
other Senators began to realize that
when he had anything to say it was
worth listening to, and he soon gained
recognition as one of the readiest de
baters and most eloquent statesmen
on the tloor of the Senate.
"Just what effect Senator White's re
tirement from politics will have upon
the Democratic party and the State
election next fall I am unable to say,
but I do know that it will be difficult,
if not impossible, for either party to
find his equal as a statesman."
"There has been considerable talk re
cently that you would enter the Gu
bernatorial race; Is such your intention,
Mr. Foote?"
"If the people of California were to
tender me a certificate of election and
promise to Increase the salary to $20,000
a year I would not accept the office of
Governor. 1 do not want the office, and
would not accept it under any circum
stances."
Mr. Foote made this declaration with
a vehemence that gave unmistakable
proof that he meant just what he said.
"How about the S. natorship — would
you accept that?' was the next ques
tion.
"Well, that is a different matter al
together," replied Mr. Foote, reflect
ively: "but I do not care to discuss that
subject at present."
From a number of Mr. F<>ote's closest
friends, who were questioned on the
subject, it was ascertained that at the
proper time he will make known his
candidacy for the Senat"ishp to suc
ceed White.
Six years ago Mr. Foote's consent
was obtained to having his name
placed before the Legislature for Sen
ator in opposition to White, upon the
representation of the agents of the
proprietor of the Mission street yel
low poster that White's election was
impossible and that unless Foote con
sented to become a candidate ali sorts
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I At Auction
AT
GOLDEN GATE HALL
625 SUTTER STREET,
TO -DA V
(FRIDAY),
And To-morrow will be the Last Sale,
At 2:30 and 8 p. m. dally,
BALANCE OF
mm
COLLECTION
OF
Rare Oriental Artistic Rugs, Etc.
Which sale was discontinued owing
to the renting of the hall for
• ■- v^"' a few days.
Antique and Modern
Rugs, Carpets,
Hangings, Etc.
ndllglllgd) Llbi
Some among which are priceless. One Silk
Rue, exhibited in Vienna in 1890,
won first prize. . ' :•
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
Auctioneers.
Whaling Company fastened its nets
was the property of the defendant, and
that such being the case' the law was
not violated when the landing of the
fish was presented. The defendant ad
mits that it interfered with the land
ing of the salmon, but trusts that if it
proves, and is confident that it can,
that the beach belongs to the defend
ant and that it had a sole right to fish
in adjacent waters the jury will find
that the plaintiff was in error and will
render a verdict in accordance with the
finding.
of disaster would befall the Democ
racy. Mr. Foote had just recovered
from a long and severe illness and did
not realize that he was being used as
an instrument by the Prince of Fakers
to wreak a personal spite upon Mr.
White. A few days before the ballot
ing began, however. Mr. Foote went
to Sacramento, and, upon ascertain
ing the facts, immediately withdrew
from the contest, leaving the field clear
to his friend from Los Angeles, to the
great discomfiture of Hearst and his
lieutenants.
COURSING AT INGLESIDE.
Many New Dogs and a Crack Stake
fox Sunday.
The usual weekly stake will be run at !
Ingleside on Sunday only. The drawing
took place at Delta Hall last evening. At !
least twenty dog owners were disappoint- j
cd. and their dogs refused, owing to the |
fact that the Ingleside management pre- I
Directory or
MINING ROCKERS.
Mining
Rockers.
PRICE REDUCED.
Indispensable In prospecting. A fortune ma)
be lost without It. Weighs only 33 i pounds.
Folds up to carry easily. Does the work per-
fectly. Practical, economical. Everybody buys i
one since we cut down price to $7 50.
CASH STORE
RELIABLE OUTFITTERS— HERE. j
25-27 Market St, Near the Water Front. ;
1 i
~~ MINING SUPPLIES. -■ . '.
W. W. MONTAGUE & CO.,
.•• HEADQUARTERS • FOR . /
MINING SUPPLIES. CAMPING OUTFITS.
311 TO 317 MARKET STREET.
OAS ENGINES/ ,_^: •
UNION GAS ENGINE GO.
339 HOWARD STREET.
GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
. ■ SLEEPING " BAGS. / ;
KLONDIKE SLEEPING-BAGS;
Klondike Sleeping Bags. The only bag made
that will not crack from frost or leak. Sold at
factory prices.' 3\ Spear st., San Francisco.
* ■■IV & B. PRODUCTS.^ !:__
• P. V& '. B. BUILDING PAPER " and , ; P. &r B.
READY ROOFING, sold by all flrst-clase deal-
era,' are clean, odorless, |of great strength, I rea-
sonable » in price and : easy; to ; transport. ;., They
keep ; heat, > cold, ; dampness: and dust: out of i
buildings; ! are particularly adapted .to i Alaskan '
trade, v PARAFFINE PAINT CO.. 116 Battery i
at, Tel. N0., ; Main 1763. , ; . i ;.-.;.>•,-
.' ■ —:-'■'-'■ T- .. ••--—--■—- --:_•=*- -f--
ferrcd to run their weekly meeting on
Sunday only. The two days' running dur
ing the week was th# cause.
The draw this week is as follows: B.
J. Juter's Lucy vs. W. Ryan's Swinnor
ton; Eagan's Not Much vs. J. J. Es
monds-Valley Queen; J. Byrne's Silkwood
vs. B. Tierney's Senorita; T. Gaffney's
Lorena vs. Larkey A Rock's Myrtle: M.
Sullivan's Sir John Arnott vs. M. Micha-
lik's Fireball; G. Plnta'a Hfrculea vs. .1.
Shea's Firenzi; M. Nealon'a Bryan vs. J.
Edmond's Move On; Lynct) & Mahor's
Mystic Maid VB. J. Hyrne's Nelly X. ; J.
Byrne's Occidental vs. K. Dougherty's
Tessie Fair: J. Quane'fl Princess Marie vs.
J. Byrne's Mohawk; L>. Ford's Bonita vs.
J. Murnane's Valley Maid; Dillon «SL-
Roiiiy's -Widow Brnphy vs. D. Leonard's
Bendalong; Lynch <v- Maher*a Dakota vs.
T. Cronin's Magnet; J. Murnane's Flash
light vs. J. Edmond's Forget; J. Shea's
801 lof Moscow vs. Deokkmnn & Pa
naira's Old Glory; S. Desimone's Logan
vs. M. Nolan's Rita.
In the Divorce Courts.
Divorces were Issued to the following
unhappy married people yesterday: Kar
oline Boehnke from Arthur Boehnke, "n
the ground of failure t<> provide. Emma
E. Qlacomlnl from Charles Giacomini, on
the ground of desertion. Jennie B. Stone
from Alfred J. Stone, on the ground of
failure to provide. Mrs. N. Toner from
John Toiler, on the ground of extreme
cruelty. Sadie Rowe from Wlnfleld S.
Rowe, on the ground or" Intemperance.
Mattie Siddons from W. W. Siddons, on
the ground of willful desertion. Ada
F. Heacork from L. J. Heacock, on the
ground of willful desertion.
Skull Crushed by a Train.
Milton Frank (hy his guardian. Georpe
Franki has commenced suit against the
Market-street Railway Company to re
cover $5000 damages for injuries received,
it is alleged, by reason of the defendant's
carelessness on the 19th of last August.
The plaintiff on the day mentioned was
run into by a train at Central and Fif
teenth avenues, and suffered a fracture
of the skull.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' .
g Extra Heavy Sweaters, Wi
%M The best In the world to re- Aral
fin sist cold, wear and hard usace. g§M
»jj •j I I I*3-i Z% * r^PS
|[Igl J23 Sans^^hjl
TgANSPO^ATION^^.
Union S. & Transportation Co.
TO KOTZEBUE SOUND, ST. MICHAEL,
COPPER RIVER, DYEA AND
SKAGUAY.
For passage and freight apply to
UNION SHIPPING AND TRANSPORTA-
TION COMPANY, 36 East street.
TRAVELERS TO DAWSON
Via DYEA and SKAGUAY, can arrange to
have ■ their ■ provisions sent via St.' Michael
and the Yukon River, by applying to
ALASKA-YUKON
TRANSPORTATION CO., .
3 STEUART ST., San Francisco, Cal.
KOTZEBUE SOUND MINING AND
TRADING CO.
FOR Kotzebue Sound— The bark J. A. Falken-
burg will sail on or about May 10, IS9S. Fare,.
Including 2500 pounds baggage or freight, $200.
Passengers will apply early to LYNDE &
HOUGH CO., 40 California St., San Francisco,
or to A. H. Herrlman, general manager, 201
Front st., San Francisco.
California-Alaska Navigation 4 Commercial Co.,
623 Market st.
Will dispatch their elegant new ocean steamer
(now building), for Dawson City, via St.
Michael, about June 1. Fare, $300; 150 pounds
baggage free.
Freight 10 cents per pound.
Their powerful new river steamer (QUEEN
OF THE YUKON) draws only 2 feet loaded,
with a speed of IB miles per hour, and elec-
tric lighted throughout. : Send for pamphlet
and map of gold fields, free. Also steamers
to Dyea and Skaguay.
. . Al CLIPPER BARK, -
"NORTHERN L.IQHT, "
Captain Joseph Whlteside, Commanding.
Will Sail for
KOTZEBUE SOUND, >'i
ALASKA GOLD FIELDS. ■
MAY 1O - - - - 189 S.
Passage $200, including 3000 lbs. baggage.
I $50 now will secure ' passage, balance before
April 1, IS9B. '• '
Address . CAPT. B. COGAN,
... . 44 East Bt.. San ■ Francisco, v.
1390 (INSTALLMENTS) will land you at Daw-
son, including food and clothes for one year;
"cheaper than staying at home"; chance to
locate claims at Koynkuk, Tanana, , Mlnook,
Birch Creek. Circle City or Klondike; limited.
Alaska Transportation* Co., 224 Montgomery
st., San Francisco. .
SLEDS. _BOATS._ETC.
ARCTIC sleds, . Arctic doers, Yukon boats,
pilot maps . to : the Klondike, Alaska . outfits.
steam launches and stern-wheel steamers, with
boilers suitable to burn wood; 50 boats can be
seen -at salesroom. G. W. KNEASS, 713 Third
st. 'Phone Red 2361. ' ■■■,-■.. .■ -. ,
.^. .. •- . MEDICINES. ~_y ■'■ ■'' '■
DON'T GO to THE KLONDIKE
OR anywhere ■ else - without - a ' supply of
PRATT'S ABOLITION OIL, the never-failing
: remedy for . Rheumatism, . . Neuralgia, - Lame
! Back and all lameness and "pain. For sale by
all druggists. A. McBOYLE & CO., Druggists,
504 Washington st. ' . ' v ■ : > .
CORDIAL.
. Lime ': Cordial especially .-' prepared ■ for. ' the
Alaska, etc., -: trade. Preventive ■ and cure for
scurvy, etc. LUKE G. SRESOVICH & CO..
Agents. 521 to 523 Sansome St.; San Francisco.
! "D"inlTTClJri?C- FOR BARBERS. BAK
DuUUiIiJU ers - "bootblacks, bath-
! T!.."^ ?>**^r ?": houses. ;• billiard-tables, 5
brewers, > bookbinders, candy-makers, .. canners,
" dyers, flourmlils. foundries, ; laundries, .. paper-
. hangers, . printers, . painters, shoe - factories. ',
1 stablemen, tar-roofers; tanners, tailors, etc. • • ;.
BUCHANAN BROS.; *; ;.:
' Brush ManuJuc turcrs,6Oi) Sacramento St .
DUFFY'S PURE
*^ua|.T WHISKEY
FORMEDICINALUSE
NO PUSEL OIL
For Coughs, Colds, Chills, Pneu-
monia, Grip, Dyspepsia and all
cases where a healthful stim-
ulant is required. Be sure to
get the genuine from your
druggist or grocer.
Send for pamphlet.
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO.,
Rochester, N. Y.
AMUSEMENTS.
TfiUIUANOEB fiOTUOB aCFiiisiu»«««»
I LAST 2 NIGHTS'. MATINEE SATURDAY!
I THE FAMOUS ORIGINAL BOSTONIAN6.
Presenting the Operatic Success,
♦t3»S^«"THE SERENADE. m
Sunday Evening— LlEUT. R. E. PEARY in
a final lecture. Talk Upon Klondike.
NEXT MONDAY— ROBIN HOOD.
.: ..",'•-*»- Seats Now Ready.
OIEDIANOER GOTTiOßaC°usiU*»A««w»
LAST 3 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
BLACK PATTI TROUBADOURS!
' At remaining performances— CAKE WALK •
contest for gold medal and championship of
the world — open to all comers.
TRIEOIANOER GOTUOaaC'tusntaiMUiUt
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
The Accomplished Actress
— -MARIE WAINWRIGHT
In Jacob Litt's Production of the New Drama
"SHALL WE FORGIVE HER." ■
A stirring. play of human Interest adequately
staged and acted.
March 7— Primrose & West's Mlnstrela.
- ' ..*.-'■?■
—9— NEW ARTISTS. ALL CARDS— 9—
LINA PANTZER, danseuse Fille de Fer;
DA MM AN TROUPE. Europe' marvels; MAT-
THEWS ft HARRIS, the lauKhmakers; GEO.
W. DAY, monologue comedian: M. C. LAW-
RENCE, trick bicyclist; FILSON & ERROL.
a laughing hit; ADELMAN & LOWE, xylo-
phone artists; MAUD HEAL PRICE, vocal-
ist and mimic: THE BIOGRAPH, last week:
! all new scenes.
■ Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
| and box Beats, EOc. . .
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mas. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor & Manager
TO-NIGHT.
A MUSICAL TRIUMPH. '
The Vice=Admiral!
Splendid Cast! Superb Costumes! Beautiful
Scenery! Enlarged Chorus!
NEXT WEEK— Requested revival of
"THE GEISHA !"
The brilliant Japanese musical comedy.
Popular prices : 25 and 50c
ALCAZAR/^^
ALCAZAR, jsas&iji
AUNTIE LEAVES YOU THIS WEEb..
LAST THREE' NIGHTS.
LAST MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2.
Then Good-by to
"CHARLEY'S AUNT!"
THE BEST THING IN TOWN.
Prices 15c. 25c, 35c. 500
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter Mcrosco Sole Lessee and Manager
Third Week of the Popular Actor, '>
HARRY MAINHALL,
In the Great Cuban .War Drama
"THE LAST STROKE. »»
Grand Tableaux, THE SINKING OF THE
MAINE. Great Battle Scene! Exciting Fire
Scene :
Evening prices, '10c, 25c and 50c. r Matinees
Saturday and Sunday.
"SCHOOL TEACHERS' DAY"
"HIGH SCHOOL CADETS' DAY"
"ACADEMIC LEAGUE ATHLETIC CLUB"
TO-DAY!
Mining Pair
Every man, woman and child purchasing a
ticket at the box office all day receives a pres-
ent of an official Golden Jubilee Souvenir Book.
THIS AFTERNOON— State School Teachers; .
Addresses; Exercises; Excursions; Schools Half
Holiday; San Francisco Teachers invited to be
present. Rogers and Band. ~"
TO-NIGHT— High School Programme; drills;
Athletics; Foot Races; Games; Big Evening. .
TO-MORROW— Saturday, Stanford Day:
"Rah, rah; rah, rah. rah:
Ra-a-a-a; ra-a-a-h, Stanford."
College Colors of Cardinal will decorate the
Pavilion.
SATURDAY— SPECIAL PROGRAMME.
SUNDAY— German Day; Vote for Popular
Society; See the German Societies Drill: Hear
German Songs; Enjoy In a Rational Way
German Day.
MAINE BENEFIT— Monday, February 28.
Battle of Winchester; Military Drills and
Camp; Special Programme. Tickets now on
sale nearly everywhere— at all newspaper of-
fices and by Citizens' Committee.
Admission. 2."c. Children, 15c.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
INCLESIDE TRACK.
RACING from MONDAY, Feb. 21, to
, SATU RDAY, March 5, inclusive. '
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
FIRST RACE AT 2 P. M,
S. P. R. R. Trains 11:45 and 1:15 P.M. Daily. \
Leave Third street station, stopping at Va-
lencia street. Returning Immediately after,
the races.
ELECTRIC CAR LINES. -
Kearny street and Mission street cars every
three minutes, ■ direct to track without change.
Fillmore street cars transfer each way. /
3f&SBRSSR£ S. K. ANDROUS, President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary.
CHIQUITA
The "Condensed Cuban Patriot!"
WILL RECEIVE EVERY AFTERNOON AND
EVENING THIS WEEK COSTUMED IN
THE NATIONALCOLORS I
— THE CHUTES —
10c to all. including Vaudeville; children, 50.. .
HI VM DI A _i Corner of ££"*
ULYXVI^IA— Eddy Streau
1 America's Most Beautiful Music Hall. ■ .
Great new bill of artists— CEClL MARION,
SENORITA ' INEZ. MLLE. ANTON
FRED BROWN. COUCH, MILLER, PUNTA
and others. , ' " ' " \
■ House heated. Admission free; , '
BUSH-STREET THEATER.
• German-Hebrew Opera Co. :
SUNDAY i EVENING,'; FEBRUARY- 27.*—
Second ; Week of the Great Success, !>
—^."THE JEWISH PRIEST."-—
910
MAYOR PHELAN CALLS A MEETING
Invitations Issued to Prominent Business and Professional Men to Meet and
Discuss Plans for the Semicentennial Exposition.
It Is Admitted by All That the Movement Suggested by The Call Would Prove of Great and
Lasting Benefit to the Entire Pacifc Slope.
There will be a meeting in the office
of Mayor Phelan to-day to arrange the
preliminary details of the exposition to
be held in 1900 in commemoration of the
fiftieth anniversary of the admission of
California into the U.nion. The pro
posed exposition suggested by The Call
several dacs ago has met with general
approval. Every one expressed a will
ingness to assist in making it a greater
success than the Midwinter Fair, and
Mayor Phelan decided yesterday to Is
sue Invitations to leading business and
professional men to meet him to-day
and discuss the matter.
That the exposition will be of great
benefit to the entire Pacific Slope is ad
mitted by all. The Midwinter Fair, in
a measure, advertised our resources to
the world. The exposition of 1900 will
do more, for we have the assurances of
neighboring States that they will assist
in making a grand display.
AJI that is now required is concentra
tion of action. When the local commit
tee gets to work the other counties of
the State will chose their representa
tives or have them named by Governor
Budd. Every county in California will
have an opportunity to make an ex
hibit of its resources and products, and
In addition the junior States admitted
after California will make displays.
It will require months of hard labor
to carry out the project, but the prize
to be gained is worthy of the time. The
exposition will attract the attention of
the world, and afford us an opportunity
• of showing our products in a manner
never before attempted.
WILL OPEN UP
TRADE CHANNELS.
Would Like to Have the Expo
sition Distinctively Ameri
can in Character.
JOSEPH D. GRANT of Murphy,
Grant & Oo. — Anything that will open
up the channels of trade will receive
my earnest and untiring support, and I
see. no better way to give impetus to
businesß affairs than by holding an ex
position of the kind Intended in 1900 in
this city. It is true that the improve
ment might be only of a temporary na
ture, but there would be other and
more lasting benefits follow an affair
of that description, and although a re
action is liable to set in, still the trade
RECORDS
BROKEN BY
A SPECIAL
"Remarkable Speed of
a Train on a Scenic
Railroad.
How Calls Are Carried
by the San Francisco
and North Pacific.
Portions of the Road Covered
at the Rate of Over a
Mile a Minute.
STORY OF A GREAT FEAT.
Through a Driving Storm Papers Art
Rapidly and Safely Conveyed
to Subscribers.
Here is the story in brief of the
fastest run ever made between Tiburon
and Ukiah. Taking on the papers from
a swift tug, The Calls special train on
the San Francisco and North Pacific
Railroad started on its Journey through
Mann County at 4:15 o'clock yesterday
morning. Including several stops at
drawbridges and water stations, the
Journey of over 106 miles to the metrop
olis of Mendocino County was made in
two hours and fifty-five minutes. This
clips just twenty minutes from the
record previously held by The Call's
specials, but when it is considered that
the run was made in one of the heavi
est rain storms of the season, over slip
pery tracks, and through one of the
darkest nights in the history of Cali
fornia, the performance would seem
little short of a miracle.
For varied scenic effects with its
ever-changing panorama along the !
banks of the Russian River the San I
Francisco and North Pacific Railroad !
has no equal in the United States. Bet- j
ter still, the equipment, under the
management of General Superintend- \
ent Whiting, is most thorough. The j
roadbed is so often Inspected and the
rolling stock kept up to such a high j
standard of perfection that accidents :
on the main line and its Sonoma branch j
are very rare indeed. In a great meas- J
ure it was due to these faots and the i
proficiency of the company's employes i
that the record was broken yesterday, j
Engineer W. S. Eddy, with C. Beggs j
as fireman, guided locomotive No. 3 on ,
this wonderful journey through the
.nky blackness. Upon leaving Tiburon, j
Eddy was informed that two special
representatives of The Call were aboard
Mid desirous of criticising his qualifl- j
nations as to speed. Before the run j
was half over The Call men, however, j
is better for the temporary improve
ment.
We would probably be minus the for
eign exhibitors which we had at the
Midwinter Fair, but that would give
us a grand opportunity to have an ex
position distinctively American in char
acter and should on that account excite
not only the patriotism but the undi
vided interest of every true American
citizen.
Let the good work begin right away,
and let us have an exposition in 1900
that will excite the admiration of every
one who has the good fortune to wit
ness it.
MEETS FAVOR
ON EVERY SIDE.
The Celebration Should Be One
to Find a Place in State
History.
FRANK J. CONNELLY, of the well
known cigar manufacturing firm of
Lane & Connelly— l have just returned
from an extended trip through the
State. On every side I heard words
of encouragement for the Semi-Cen
tennial Exposition in 1900. suggested by
The Call. The idea meets with gen
eral favor. We all must admit that
California has been too long in the
background in properly bringing at
tention to her resources.
The celebration of the golden wed
ding of California to this glorious Un
ion should be one that will find a
place in the history of our State. We
can surpass the success of the Mid
winter Fair by united action. Let
every one put a shoulder to the wheel
and we can in 1900 give to the world
an exposition that will bring thousands
of visitors to our hospitable shores.
Once we have them here, I am satis
fied the majority of them will re
main. Many who came simply to at
tend the Midwinter Fair made their
home with us, so charmed were they
by our climate and resources. If the
Midwinter Fair was a success, what
a greater success would be a semi-cen
tennial exposition.
NO OBSTACLE
IN THE WAY.
Everything Within Reach to
Make the Exposition a
Notable Success.
EX-JI'DGE J. F. SULJ.IV AN— There
is no reason why we should not hkve
wished they had concealed their Iden-
tity.
While the train was gliding past rich
vineyards and their immense wineries,
fertile hop fields and vast poultry farms
and dairies. Conductor Henry Pfaff
was actively aiding Assistant Mail
Clerk D. Ellis in throwing off bundles
of Calls for early delivery to eager
subscribers.
Now for a specimen of the speed at
tained by the special. It is just sixteen
miles from Petaluma to Santa Rosa.
The distance was covered yesterday in
fifteen and a half minutes. The last
run to Ukiah was over a straight track
and a solid roadbed, so the journey was
concluded at the pace of over a mile a
minute. Six hours later the regular
train arrived and a few copies of two
San Francisco dailies were delivered to
people who had read at their breakfast
table all the news of the world in the
San Francisco Call.
The foregoing is a condensed record
of only one remarkable trip of a Call
special yesterday, but there wore sev
eral others, and they all speedily car
ried The Calls to many important cen
ters of the State's population.
CHARLES HOFFMAN
SAW THE REVOLVER
Cousin of Isaac Hoffman Gives
Testimony in the Figel
Case.
Witnesses Examined During the Day
Tended to Show a Case of
Suicide.
Judge Carroll Cook had sufficiently re
covered from his sudden Illness yesterday
morning to allow the defense In the Figel
case to proceed. Many witnesses were
examined during the day, and the testi
mony given, in answer to questions put
by General Barnes for the defense, tended
to show that Isaac Hoffman had taken
his own life on the evening of June 1.
Charles Hoffman was the first witness
called and said under cross-examination
that he had seen the pistol with which
the shooting was done In a drawer in Mr.
Hoffman's desk during the latter part of
the month of May. Under cross-examina
tion it was elicited that the witness had
seen the revolver In the drawer about a
week prior to the death of Isaac Hoff
man.
The witness was slow in making replies
to questions put to him and stated that,
although he was a cousin of the deceased
merchant, he had not read the accounts
of either the Morgue or Police Court pro
ceedings, and he further stated that he
had not heard a report that it was ln
timnted that Isaac Hoffman had been as
sassinated. Following the examination
the witness Identified the pistol In evi
dence and with which the shooting was
done as the one he had seen in the drawer
during the latter part of May.
C. W. Basset t, who met Figel on the
evening of June 1 on the corner of Mar
ket and Battery streets, at 6:23 o'clock,
was next called, and he stated that he
had seen the defendant board a car and
start toward the ferry. The cross-exam
ination was lengthy and thorough con
cerning his business relations with the
firm of Hoffman, Rothchlld & Co., and in
reply to Questions he brought forth a note
book and showed an account entered on
July 9. 1896.
At the opening of the afternoon session
Baseett was recalled for further cross
examination. He stated that his attention
had first been called to the death of Isaac
Hoffman by his wife showing him a pic
ture of the defendant In a newspaper He
had known Figel was a clerk employed by
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1898.
INCREASING IN POPULAR INTEREST.
I follow with eager eyes the increasing popular Interest in the pro
posed semi-centennial exposition, and wish to say that to a city like
San Francisco such an event would undoubtedly conduce to increase
its resources and open new fields for our immense agricultural prod
ucts. It also would improve the business at large, considering the
number of visitors that always attend a display of that kind. Ac
cording to my personal views, I naturally would not expect much
from the old continents on account of the Paris exposition of 1900,
which surely will embrace the commercial movements of all Europe!
but would extend invitations to the Latin republics of America. I think
we need not fear rivalry there. It must not be forgotten, though,
that a good many difficulties have to be overcome to carry out suc
cessfully such an undertaking. The principal one is that the leaders
should be selected among men of undoubted honesty and ability, well
versed in arts and mechanics, and acquainted with affairs pertaining
to exhibitions.
__An almost Insurmountable inconvenience is the geographical posi
tion of our State, consequently the utmost facilities should be offered
to exhibitors and visitors by shipping and railroad companies during
the period of the exposition, and they could very well afford to do it, as
they will naturally be the greatest beneficiaries.
Napoleon I said that to make a war it requires three things, viz.:
Argent, Argent et Argent. I dare to appropriate to this case the same
phrase, and to say that to make a successful exposition money, money
and money plenty are required, and to get it I would suggest to enlist
our San Francisco ladies in the great enterprise, and open a subscrip
tion, but to arouse their enthusiasm they should be given shares or
admission tickets to the exposition in exchange, thus stimulating them
more into a speculation than a donation. Born enemy of repetition
ftuch as I am, I endeavor to further suggest that the appointed exposi
tion committee Bhould try every effort to make something out of the
ordinary groove, not a reproduction or parody of whatever has been
seen in Chicago or Paris, but original in construction in building and
entertainments. Plenty of the latter will attract visitors more than
anything else. I complain that our artists for one reason or another
always keep out of public exhibitions. Having seen in private gal
leries a great many of their fine paintings and sculptures, I am
aware that even our fine art exhibit could be second to none. •
Not speaking of the agricultural products, America is surely the
first in line as far as machinery, engines, automatic apparatus, etc.,
are concerned, and my experience, obtained in various expositions, as
sures me that a proper machine building would be a most Interesting
feature. Concluding, to properly celebrate The Call's proposed State's
frolden wedding, it will be of immense interest to secure the united
efforts of the whole country. I will make propaganda among my
rank, and the pride that our merchants have for the welfare of our
city will surely induce them to facilitate such a useful and peaceful
enterprise. P. ROSSI,
Manager P. Rossi Company.
an exposition in 1900 that will attract
the attention of the world to the Paci
fic Slope. The suggestion of holding
such an exposition to celebrate the
fiftieth anniversary of the admission of
I the firm of Hoffman, Rothehild & Co.,
but prior to the shooting he had not
known the name of the defendant. In re
i ply to questions the witness stated that
he had been asked to testify in the case
by William Taylor.
P. J. Winiger, saloon-keeper, testified
1 that Figel called at his place of business
i on Mtirket street, near Battery, on the
evening of June 1. According to testl
, mony given the defendant left a package,
i and * afterward returned for it at 6:20
i o'clock on the same evening.
The witness stated that he had been
sure of the time, as he had looked at his
1 clock as Figel went out, and that there
! was nothing about the defendant's ap
! pearance unusual from that on former
; occasions on which he had been seen by
the witness.
H. H. I'nger, employed in the establish
■ ment of Heinemann & Co., 33-35 Battery
street, stated that he had seen the de
! fendant at 6:15 o'clock on the evening of
': June J. He had been in front of the store
A NOTED PRIEST TO ARRIVE.
Rev, Father Younan, Who Will Conduct a Series of
Missions In California,
There will arrive in the city to-day one of the best known Catholic
missionaries in the United States, the Rev. E. H. Younan of the order of
Paulist Fathers. He comes to this city from New York to conduct a mis
sion for the non-Catholic, as well as those of his faith.
Rev. Father Elliott of New York city and the superior of the Paulist
missionary work conceived the idea not long ago of holding missions for
those who do not believe the Catholic doctrines. Father Younan was given
charge of this particular work and has visited nearly all of the large cities
in the East, and has made it his practice to interest the parish priests, who
are now carrying on the work he began.
The reverend gentleman is i. man of much learning— an eloquent and
magnetic speaker. He is abort 40 years o{ age, and a man of great
knowledge of the world. He wil' hold a two weeks' mission at St. Mary's
Church, on California and Dupoit streets, beginning Sunday morning. He
will also conduct missions at ot'ier parishes.
California Into the Union was a most
happy one. While the World's Fair
will be held at Paris in that year, there
is no reason why we should not hold
a counter-attraction. Many who would
of Hoffman, Rothchlld & Co. at that time
for the reason he had letters which
posted In the letter-box near the store,
lie also state*! that his watch was cor
rect, as he compared it with a regulator
every day.
Miss l,illle <'ohon was next called and
stated that she had seen Mr. Hoffman
standing with another man in front 01
his store on tlie evening of June 1. The
■witness stated that it was her impression
that the defendant was not the party she
had seen standing and talking with Isaao
Hoffman. The witness was not certain
as to the time she had left the store of
Heineman & Co., where she has been em
ployed for over four years. Miss Cohen
will be recalled to the stand at 10 o'clock
this morning.
To Cure a Cold In One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Quloln- Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If It fails to cure
Xc The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet
like to attend the Paris Exposition but
have not the means to do so would find
it convenient to attend our exposition.
Let it be an exposition on the lines
of the Trans-Mississippi Congress to be
held next summer at Omaha. We have
the assurances of the Governors of
neighboring States that they are in ac
cord with the movement, and I cannot
see any obstacle in the way of holding
an exposition that would prove of bene
fit to the entire Pacific Coast. The com
mittee to take the matter in hand
should be composed of citizens who will
enter into the project with the proper
spirit. Of course the exposition will
mean considerable labor for the direc
tors, but the success to be achieved will
far exceed the trouble in the lasting
benefits secured to California and our
neighboring sister States.
ADVANTAGES NOT
TO BE DENIED
Have the Exhibits Confined to
the Resources of Cali
fornia Alone.
THOMAS KIRKPATRICK, president
of the Jesse Moore-Hunt Company —
The advantages to be derived from an
exposition of the kind contemplated by
The Call cannot be denied by any man
who has watched the good results ob
tained by former exhibitions that have
been held throughout the United States
on those lines. Certainly it will do
the State a vast amount of good, and
consequently the people will reap un
told benefits therefrom.
I would be in favor of making it
strictly a State affair; that is, let the
exhibits be confined to the resources of
California, which is big enough to pre
sent an exposition of the magnitude in
tended, for in that way it would
more fittingly carry out the idea of cel
ebration of its admission to the Union
and make it essentially a home propo
sition. Let us show the world that we
can give such an exposition, and, hav
ing given it, we can be proud of the
fact that the achievement was brought
about by our own efforts.
IN FAVOR OF
THE PROJECT
The Exposition Should Prove a
Success and Advertise
the State.
P. CROWLEY, EX-CHIEF OF
POLICE — I am heartily In favor of
MARRIED FIR
OUT AT SEA
A Young Fresno Couple
Brave the Ocean's
Wrath.
Justice Bellrude of Sausalito
Performs the Marriage
Ceremony.
B. L. Roberts and Miss Winnie Hancfe
Complete Their Romance on
the Briny Deep.
Another love-sick couple has. braved
the ocean's wrath In a small launch in
order to avoid the law of the land and
become man and wife.
The couple came a long distance and
with a spirit of romance to add to the
novel experience of being wed by a
Justice of the Peace on the broad
depths of the ocean, they selected
Washington's birthday for the cere
mony.
Bernard L». Roberts and Miss Winnie
B. Hance, both of Fresno, the former
of the ag© of 25 and the latter 23, were
the couple. They came all the way
from Fresno to Sausalito, and the Idea
of getting married at sea was suggested
to them by a story published in The
Call some months ago of a similar kind.
The objection to the pair getting
married in California was on account
of the law only recently passed to the
effect that a divorced person shall not
marry within a year from the date of
the court's decree. It was only last
January that Roberts secured a divorce
and so the regular channels were closed
to his remarrying within a year.
The young couple came to Sausalito
and hired the trim launch Gazette and
put to sea with Justice Bellrude to per
form the ceremony.
When the launch finally reached a
point beyond the three mile limit the
couple were not only love-sick but sea
sick. But the ceremony was soon over
and the boat was turned again toward
the shore.
After the landing at Sausalito was
made the couple, happy in their joy,
took the ferry-boat to the metropolis.
Taken Under Advisement.
John G. Chase, financial secretary of the
Village Belle Circle, Companions of the
Forest, charged with threats to kill by E.
P. Donovan, the chief companion, made
his defense in Judge Joachimsen's court
yesterday. Chase declared that he used
no violent or threatening language,
but on the contrary, Donovan made
use. of violent language toward him, and
stated in open meeting that he had
him where he wanted him and would
have him arrested. The Judge said he
would give his decision on Monday.
Burglars Scared Away]
Burglars entered the residence of Prank
Maxson, 2931 Bush street, Wednesday
night by the rear, while Mrs. Maxson and
the servant girl were In the front part
of the house. They heard a peculiar noise
in the rear, and on going to the dining
room two men rushed out and made their
escape by the back yard. The bur*lar«
had made a careful selection of th« ax
an exposition In 1900 to properly com
memorate the semi-centenniaJ anni
versary of the admission of California
into the Union. We have been too
slow in advertising to the world the
wonderful resources of our State. The
Midwinter Fair, notwithstanding the
predictions of many, proved a greater
success than was anticipated by the
most sanguine of the directors. If the
exposition is managed by people of
spirit and enterprise there is no rea
son why we should not be able to make
It a far greater success than the Mid
winter Fair.
AN EXPOSITION
WOULD ADVERTISE
By Concentration of Action It
Should Be Made a Grand
Success.
THOMAS J. WALSH, 733 Market
street — By united action we should be
able to hold an exposition that will
prove a greater success than the Mid
winter Fair. We all appreciate the
great benefit derived from the Mid
winter Fair. It advertised to the world
our products and resources, and proved
of lasting benefit to the State. An
exposition on the lines suggested by
The Call would prove a far greater
success. We have the promise of aid
from neighboring States, and there is
no reason why we should not be able to
hold an exposition on the lines of the
Trans-Mississippi Congress at Omaha.
It will, of course, require considerable
labor to perfect the project; but when
every one is willing to put a shoulder
to the wheel the work should be light.
The fact that the World's Fair will also
be held in 1900 should not deter us from
entering into the movement with cour
age. Many who will be unable to visit
Paris will come here and enjoy our
hospitality and climate.
IT WILL BE A
GREAT CREDIT
And Likewise Unmistakably Re
dound to the Welfare
of California.
H. H. SHERWOOD— There could be
no more appropriate manner of cele
brating the fiftieth anniversary of Cali
fornia's admission as a State than by
holding an exposition in 1900. In fact
it would be the only way of doing Jus
tice to the celebration of such an im
tides in the dining-room, but in their
fright at being discovered, had left every
thing behind them. The police were noti
fied.
GLASS FOB DIAMONDS.
Guy McCord, Proprietor of Poker
Rooms, Arrested for Grand
Larceny.
Guy McCord, the proprietor of a poker
room at 13 Third street, was arrested yes
terday by Detectives Anthony and Crock
ett on a charge of grand larceny.
The complaining witness is Frances
Garey, 25*6 Stockton street, who alleges
that about a month ago she became ac
quainted with McCord, and told him that
she wanted some diamond rings altered
to suit her finger, as they were too small.
There was one ring with three diamonds,
another with a large diamond, and a
diamond stud, all valued at about $700.
McCord advised her to take them to
Adolph Hoffman, jeweler at 9 Third
street, close to his poker rooms, and she
did so.
McCord went with her, and after she
had left the articles to be altered he went
to Hoffman and claimed they belonged to
him. He asked Hoffman to take out the
diamonds and substitute glass for them.
This was done, and when Miss Garey got
back her rings and stud she did not know
until a day or two ago of the trick that
had been played upon her. She com
plained to Captain Bohen, and he detailed
Anthony and Crockett on the case. When
they saw Hoffman he at once told them
that McCord had ordered the glass to be
substituted for the diamonds.
A Fatal Fall.
J. C. Kimble, the old man who fell down
a flight of stairs In Raphael's store on
Kearny street Wednesday afternoon, died
at the Receiving Hospital yesterday
morning. He was a capitalist from Los
Angeles and his family was notified by
telegraph yesterday of his death.
■; . -:'■•-_■ '~- ' r ■'■■■} ■ . ADVEB.TISEMENTS. '. V
.+ ♦ + ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦ -M-f-t ++ + * ♦f ♦ ♦ ♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦ » > ♦ »
\ ill '^N^'^'/y' V
Brings Joyous Vigor
To Men and Women.
4(jIJ' LECTRICITY IS "LIFE." IT MAKES LIFE A PLEASURE TO
Ju live by restoring the vigor of manhood and womanhood. Are you
weak? If so, try it. Feel the joyous energy. filling your nerves; feel
the warm blood coursing through your veins, bringing health and
strength. 1
"It cured me of weakness two years ago, and I am a strong and
healthy man ever since," writes P. P. Fennelly, Elmira, Cal.
Read Dp. Sanden's Book, Free.
It is full of valuable information to weak men. It explains why medi-
cine fails and Dr. Sanden's Belt cures. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is as
good for women as for men. Book free. ■ Call or address
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., "» "'A'^taTil'^.^..
- Office hours— B a. m. to 8 p. m. ; Sundays. 10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles Cal.
 *O4'/4 South Broadway; Portland. Or., 258 Washington street; : Denver, Colo.. 931' Six- -
teenth street Dallas. Tex.. 288 Main street. i '- •: - -
NOTE— Make no mistake in the number— Market street.
portant event. Such an exposition
would not only be a great credit to our
progressive spirit, but would unmis
takably redound to the welfare of Cali
fornia. To my mind there is not a
single argument that can possibly be
advanced against the holding of the
exposition, while on the other hand
there are many reasons in favor of tha
proposition.
The time will be ripe for an exposi
tion in 1900, and it is none too soon to
commence laying out plans, tor 1
would like to see it develop into a stu
penduous affair and one worthy of this
great and growing State. Every ona
should assist in the worthy movement,
for every one will derive some advan
tage, whether It be of financial or
pleasurable character. I am most em
phatically in favor of the contemplated
exhibition and will do what I can to
assist in bringing it to a' successful
Issue.
EVERY CITIZEN
SHOULD APPROVE
We Should All Give Our Moral
and Financial Support to
the Project.
ACHILL.E ROOS— I am in favor of the
semi-centennial exposition proposed to
be held in this city in 1900 to commem
orate the fiftieth anniversary of the ad
mission of this glorious State into th~
Union, and I am of the opinion that
the project should meet with the
hearty approbation of every citizen
within its borders. The very thought
of it should cause us all to become en
thusiastic in its support, and we should
every one of us resolve to do whatever
lies in our power to carry it to a suc
cessful culmination.
Words alone are of no use in advanc
ing the best interests of so praise
worthy an object, but let us be known
by our deeds in its behalf. Let us all
be ready to contribute not only our
moral but our financial support to the
venture. As soon as a subscription list
is opened I will be ready to subscribe
whatever amount would fairly be ex
pected of me and probably a little
more. The benefits that California will
experience from the exposition can' not
be overestimated, and therefore there
should be no hesitation on the part of
any public-spirited citizen to lend his
best aid to the project, for we would
all share equally in those benefits.
AN OLD PIONEER
PASSES AWAY
After a Brief Illness Death
Claims Elcan Heyden
feldt.
Remains Interred in the Family
Plat in the Home of Peace
Cemetery.
Elcan Heydenfeldt. brother of the late
Judge Solomon Heydenfeldt and uncle of
Judge Walter Levy, died Wednesday af
ternoon at the German Hospital and was
buried yesterday from the undertaking
parlors of Martin & Co, 118 Geary street.
The body was interred In the Heydenfeldt
plot at the Home of Peace Cemetery.
Deceased was a native of Charleston, S.
C, and was- 75 years of age. He was ill
but a few days, and the immediate cause
of death was a severe cold that developed
into pneumonia.
The late Mr. Heydenfeldt was in the
early days of this State a prominent jur
ist and judge in the Supreme Court. He
was also a member of the Legislature.
The deceased leaves two daughters,
Mrs. William J. Dutton, wife of the
prominent Insurance man, and Mrs. Ber
ryman of Oakland.
Fire Department.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday
afternoon and accepted the resignation of
Thomas Brown of Engine 23. A rule was
adopted to the effect that each member of
the department must provide himself
with a new regulation uniform on or be
fore July 1. The cost of a uniform will
be $25 and for officers $28.MINERS TO HONOR THE MARTYRS.
All the Proceeds of the Great Fair on Next
Monday Will Go to Aid Sufferers
of the Maine.
A Committee of Representative Citizens Refuses to Allow
W. R. Hearst to Make a Solemn Public
Event an Advertisement
for Himself.
One of the most humane, patriotic
and popular features of the Mining
is that whereby the representa
citizens having charge of the
great exhibit have arranged that the
f next Monday shall go
la tiv ite relief of those left by
leath of the brave men who per
ished on the ill-fated Maine.
Thi measure at once struck
a responsive chord in the hearts of ap
preciative thousands, and the prospects
are that the attendance on that day
will he the largest since the festivities
a meeting of the committee hav
g the matter in charge, of which
.-. y 1.. Ford was elected chairman, it
led that all net funds are to
the Immediate aid of the families
: ge who were swept away in the
national misfortune and sor
> • '.lowing committee was ap- j
. a few days ago by Colonel |
ke to take full charge of all mat-
Ing the Maine disaster:
I Ford (chairman), Mayor James
C ptaln Oliver Eldridge, Wil
: I, Bey. Dr. Horatio St.-bhins,
H. Kelly, T.evi Strauss. Right Rev.
m ■ " 3, Adolpb Spreckels,
ger, Hon. Frank A. Leach,
es L Harrington, Mrs. Belle Con
.\. B. Becker, David Starr Jordan,!
. ]• man, W. R. Masteller, Henry i
■ . Hugh Hume (the Post), J.
■i. Neft. Emil Liess. Pro-
Martin Kellogg, A. de I.alandp,
v Berton, Dr. Joseph Pescia, John
D. Siebe, Frederick Hess (California
l'emokrat), General W. R. Shatter, U. S.
A. H. Vow, Chinese Consul-General;
ro, Hon. F. A. An-gellottl.
Irving M. Scott. Leon Sloss, Judge W. T.
Most Rev. P. W, Riordan. Rev.
Mackenzie, T. J. Parsons. George D.
'lark. William R. Davis. Mrs. Phoebe
it, Mrs. Jane L. Stanford. James B.
n, George C. Pardee.Adolph Becker,
.\. M. Lawrence (Examiner). W. S.
(The Call), M. H. de Young. A.
IHng. 11. E. Huntington. Hon. Nllea
R. A. Crothers, Henry Brunner,
T Bohen, A. Sbarbbro, P. C.
R'.ssi. J. A. Filcher. Joseph B. Coffey,
"Wlliiam M. Bunker (Report). General N.
P. Chipman, Alexander X, Coney, Hon.
W. R. Thomas and J. H. Jewett (Pioneer
Hall).
It was the sense of the meeting that
the funds raised should be given with
out delay to those who are left without
• s of support. This matter was
disposed of before any other proposi
ti n came to the surfa^.
rtly after the committee had de
rided, without a dissenting voice, that
the funds should be expended for the
bereaved while the incident was still
fresh in the minds of the people Mayor
Phelan arrived. Though he had been
named as chairman of the committee,
his delay was so great that a tem
porary chairman, Mr. Ford, was elect
ed. The Mayor did not know what the
proceedings had been, so shortly after
rived he produced a telegram from
Xev. Y<->rk Journal, that universal
rtising octopus which is ever pres
ent to do business at funerals and pub
lic disasters. The Mayor appeared as
a port of friend in court and special
pleader for the yellow sheet.
His Honor argued that the best pos- |
f slble use of the money would be for a !
monument. In prooof of his assertions
he read and argued from a telegram
from the Hearstling bulletin issued in j
New York. But the generous citizens j
of the committee would not consent to |
play third fiddle to a faking newspaper, i
and they decided that the money should \
• the relief of the living at once.
Ex-Supreme Justice Xiles Searles
made a spirited argument against the
>sition of devoting the money to
uilding of a tomb. He held that
the Idea of a monument to be built
3 hence was a sort of inhuman, j
cold and clammy proposition. He want- :
ed something that would succor those
now living and battling with the world. '
being needed while the incident '
is fresh and the sufferings of the be- !
reared kt-en.
In spite of the pleas of the Mayor
and of the machinations of yellow '
agents who bobbed in and out of the
room during the deliberations, the com
mittee declined to become auxiliary
agent? to advertise the alleged philan
thropy of W. R. Hearst and his 10 per
cent subscription agents.
It seemed tr> be the sense of the meet
'ng that the time had arrived when the
E-4STLRN sporting men who bad
Bt en Tommy Ryan polish off in
good style some of the first-class
M'e!ter-weights of the country con
j^tfjr.ri that he will make short work of
ieorge Green this evening at Wood
ward's Pavilion. At any rate, R3 r an is
a great favorite in the betting. In the
poolrooms he was selling yesterday at
2 to 1. with Green on the short end.
Several Olympic Club members are also
advertising agent should be limited to
the field of legitimate commercial oper
ations.
r.alked in their desperate purpose to
advert is- themselves at the tombs of
the martyred dead, the yellow ones
fell on their knees and swore by Allah
and by al! the gods that they would
do all in their power to help the fund
anyhow, though there were mutterings
because a good ad. had been lost and
because the committeemen had had
their eyes opened and had respected the
heroic dead rather than the journalistic
devil-fish that seeks to make every
thing advertise its unholy wares.
Th« re will, therefore, be a great day
at the fair on Monday. All the pro
ceeds will go to the suffering families
of thp dead, and it is likely that this
will call together as large a crowd as
has ever filled the pavilion. The com
CLOSING SCENES OF MINERS' DAYS.
The Acme Club of Oakland Performing Before the Visiting Miners.
Alameda and Oakland day at the Min
ing Fair yesterday proved to be a great
[ success in every way. The exhibition by
i the Acme Club of^Oakland at night was
I one of the best amateur athletic exhibi
tions ever witnessed here. The work of
Cotton and Kilbourne upon the bars was
excellent. Charles Slamberg did some
good Indian club swinging, while the tum
bling of Reed and Klnney provoked much
applause. The wrestling between Cotton
and Turner and the three-round boxing
match between Smith and Slamberg were
also good.
J. W. Jafford won the Cornish wrestling
TOMMY RYAN.
playing Ryan. They say Green has
been eating too heartily of all kinds of
food, and that his method of training
has been altogether too lax for a man
who has a heavy contract on hand.
But Green'r friends say Ryan will be
the recipient of a good drubbing, as
George has trained with a view of de
veloping lung power and strength, and
that he will enter the ring as a middle
weight and in a condition to prove that
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1898.
mlttee will meet again at noon to-mor
row.
In addition to this the exhibitors have
about all agreed that their exhibits
may be sold at auction at the conclu
sion of the fair, the proceeds to go to
the relief of the widows and orphans,
mothers and sisters of the deceased.
Everybody who feels that the death of
those who perished on the Maine was
a national calamity should go to the
fair, feeling that every cent expended
for the purchase of a ticket will in a
broad and generous sense be expended
for the purposes of pure patriotism.
Tickets may be obtained at The Call
business office.
Go to O'Brien & Sons for modern style,
high-grade surreys, phaetons and buggies
at low prices. Corner Golden Gate ave
nue and Polk street. •
LOWE GOT HUNGRY.
A Postal Embezzler From Massa
chusetts Pines for His Native
Dish of Pork and Beans.
Chief Inspector Munro, of the postofflee
department, swore to a complaint yester
day charging Edwin A. Lowe with em
bezzlement. Lowe was assistant post
master at Newton Center, Middlesex
County, Massachusetts. He absconded on
November 2S, 1597, with SISftO of Govern
ment funds and went on a pleasure tour
to Mexico. By the time he arrived in
Santa Clara County all his money had
disappeared and he was left stranded.
Being tired of globe-trotting on a hun
gry stomach, Lowe confessed his guilt to
a Constable at Mountain View, and told
him that he wanted to be sent home.
Lowe will be brought to this city and
examined before United States Commis
sioner Heacock, preparatory to holding
him to await the arrival of the papers
from Massachusetts.
» ♦ .
To Cure Headache In 15 Minutes.
Dr. Davis' Anti-Headache. All Druggists.*
match, throwing Fred Trevllcox in the
fourth bout.
To-day will be the State Schoolteachers'
day and Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion Samuel T. Black will be present and
make an address, which will be responded
to by Charles L. Harrington, president of
the Board of Education.
In the single-handed drilling there were
four contestants— Joe Larkln, T. L. Cof
fey, J. J. Coan and Thomas J. Ahearn
The records made for fifteen minutes'
drilling were as follows: Coan. 18 inches-
Coffey, 17 3-16 inches; Ahearn 13 15-16
inches, and Larkin, 10 10-16 inches The
lirst prize was $100 and a gold medal, and
the second prize was $50. In the three
handed contest each of the men was
given a gold medal, valued at $25 apiece
This evening's musical programme is as
follows:
Overture. "Rlenzi 11 n- fln ,. r
Funeral march chonfn
The American Patrol .'.'".'.""Meach-ini
Solo lor trombone f Kellv Tnhin
Scenes from -The Serenade-.. .!.. Herber"
IXTEK.MISKIOX. "eroert
Ballet music from "Henry VlH"..Saint-Saens
(a) Gypsy Dance. (b) March Sootia.
Solo for cornet \\- g Rogers
Paraphrase, -Nearer My God to Thee' ".. Reaves
Grand selection. '•Mephlstopheles 1 ' Boito
March "Liberty Bell" Sousa
(By request.)
GEORGE GREEN.
when at his best the local man Is a
dangerous competitor.
However, Green's style of fighting
will be closely watched this evening,
and if he shows the least tendency to
hold back his fire it is safe to say that
in future Green will have to look else
where for an engagement, as the sport-
Ing fraternity of this city has had
about enough of good-thing fights.
Doubtless Green will. make a desper
TEACHERS DRUNK
IN THE STREETS
Disgusting Assertion S. L.
Waller Is Accused of
Having Made.
Editor Waterhouse's Serious
Charge Against the School
Director.
A Disgraceful Exhibition on a Train,
in Which He Was the Cen
tral Figure.
If the assertions of A. J. Waterhouse
be true, Samuel L. Waller is as unfit
for the position he holds as a member
of the Board of Education as a man
could well be. According to these as
sertions. Waller has known for months
of the degradation of certain teachers
in the public schools of this city, and
not only has he boasted or such knowl
edge, but he has not made the slightest
effort to have them removed, because,
he said, they had a "pull."
These teachers— two women— Waller
is alleged to have declared he had seen
drunk in the streets of San Francisco,
yet he permits then* to retain their
positions as instructors of innocent
children without so much as a word of
rebuke.
Furthermore, the conduct and con
dition of Waller himself at the time he
made the assertion were such as to
cause his permanent banishment from
the educational council chamber. But
this can best be told in the language of
Mr Waterhouse. editor of the Ex
aminer Sunday supplement.
Mr. Waterhouse furnishes weekly let
ters to several interior papers, in which
he comments on current happenings in
this city with a dash and freedom that
have earned for him a reputation as a
writer of ability. The following is part
of a letter published in the Fresno Re
publican of October 31, 1897, over Mr.
Waterhouse's sit,'r> ature . and w ith the
headlines that appeared in that paper.
Before devoting his attention to the
School Director the writer made some
timely comments on the Supervisors
and other topics, and before his signa
ture gave brief space to some other
matters, but his allegations against the
Director are given in full as follows:
A. J. W.'S WEEKLY BUDGET.
THE WANTON, WICKED, WOEFUL
CITY.
JOYS AND VIRTUES OF RURAL LIFE IN
CONTRAST.
AN INCIDENT ILLUSTRATING THE RUSULT OF
"POTHOUSING THE PUBLIC SCHOOL
SYSTEM.
And this hullaballoo about the School !
Board, which, at present, has muttered
itself into a great silence. God knows j
that board needs attention, and if ever
the majority of its members are ousted
it will be a distinct triumph for decency.
A School Board, above- all others, should !
be clean. This one is not. Stories about j
its members are whispered about the city :
—stories that I cannot repeat— but I will
tell you one, for I am prepared to prove
its truthfulness:
On a train comlntr ;;p from the south j
the other day was a memb< r of this city's i
School Board— he and his v. hisky bottle, j
As the latter became empty the former I
became full; full, loquacious* and filthily!
vainglorious. He boasted of. his corrup
tion, and he laid San Francisco's shame,
as he participated in it. lik. a map before
his hearers. Withal, he tohl how he had
seen two women teachers of San Francis
co lying drunk in the street. But he had
not reported them, lie said, because they |
had their "pull."
This fellow— a member of the School I
Board, by your leave!— is responsible for |
the school training of our children. And i
he entrusts their care to wnmen who get !
drunk and lie besotted on the streets! In
to the hand of such a creature San Fran
cisco delivers her little ones! CorruDt'
What do you think of it?
I could give this unspeakable rascal's
name. I could prove the truth of every
assertion here made.'
Scum gathers on the surface of a pool
and the water is beneath. That is what
has happened hare. What San Francisco
needs is that something shall upheave the
waters and break and scatter the scum
I did not intend thus to dwell on this
unsavory topic, and yet th-re are a thous
and things more that mitdit be said and
that need the saying. For San Francisco
is the political hub of this State, and
Fresno, Stockton, Sacramento and the
rest are but the spokes that revolve about
It. And if the hub be mtten and eaten
by the worms of politic] corruption I
submit to you that it makes little differ
ence how strong is the hickory in tho
spokes; the wheel is in poor condition
The San Francisco delegations to State
conventions — ah, well let us drop the sub
ject. A. J. AVATKRHOUSE.
ate attempt to defeat the Eastern man
as a second defeat would materially
lessen his chances for future engage
ments. The pugilists agreed to fight at
catch weights, and that is why they
have trained purposely to develop mus
cle and weight. It should be a contest
well worth going a long distance to see
It is hoped that the preliminaries will
be of short duration, as the people who
witness boxing contests are always
anxious to get home at a respectable
hour.
It is worthy of note that while Mr.
Waterhouse did not give the Director's
name in the foregoing article, he de
clared his ability to do so.
Recently a member of the Grand
Jury received anonymously a copy of
the above clipped from the paper in
which it was published. He took it to
Mr. Waterhouse, who unhesitatingly
pronounced it true in every detail, and
upon "being asked to give the nanio of
the Director referred to replied that
it was S. L. Waller. He further said
he was prepared to substantiate his
charge at any time.
As drunkenness and obscenity are
not indictable offenses the Graivl Jjry
cannot take any official action or the
charges, but when Waller is brought
to trial on the charges for which he
has already been indicted the matter
will be brought to the attontlon of the
proper authorities. It will, moreover,
form a part of the general inquiry by
the Grand Jury into the condition of
the School Department.
JUDGE LOW MAY
BE ALSO INDICTED
Justinius Olsen Says His Honor
Induced Him to Com
mit Perjury.
The Grand Jury Considers the
Charge Against John
Coldin.
Justlnius B. Olsen, the official reporter
in Judge Low's court, who was indicted
by the Grand Jury last Monday on a
charge of perjury, was granted another
hearing last night, and in his defense he
Implicated Judge Low himself, swearing
that he had been authorized by him to
swear that his accounts were correct
when he knew they were not.
As Olsen's indictment is based upon the
fact of his making a false report as to
the condition of his accounts, his accusa
tion against Low created no end of excite
ment and judicial hubbub whei» it was
made last night before the inquisitors.
The Grand Jury upon hearing his testi
mony decided to suspend judgment in the
cause until further investigation is made
of the charges against Low.
If what the ex-reporter says Is true, his
Honor's judicial head is liable to fall into
the basket along with that of his former
stenographer.
'Odwin Lewis, a straw bondsman, who
recently figured In the Coldin robbery
case, was recently indicted for perjury,
and it has just transpired that he, instead
of Coldin, was the real perpetrator of the
theft of $1000 worth of diamonds. Judge
Cook appeared In person before the Grand
Jury last night and gave evidence to the
fact.
John Coldin was arrested last Septem
ber on a charge of theft, having stolen, it
was presumed at the time, the diamonds
which have since been proved to have
never been in his possession, but had been
stolen by Lewis and disposed of by him to
Giacobi. a jeweler at 319 Kearny street,
The entire $1000 worth of diamonds were
sold for $60.
It has been proved, however, that Col
din. before his implication in the present
case, had served a term in the State
Prison for robbery, which will have a ten
dency to dissipate the impression which
has gone forth that he Is entirely Inno
cent of implication in the Lewis case.
Wanted the Insurance.
John Vasal set fire to his home In Los
Angeles and was convicted in the lower
court of that county. He appealed to the
Supreme Court, but the higher tribunal
lost no time in disposing of the appeal.
In the decision handed down yesterday
the judgment of the lower court* was sus
tained, as the testimony showed that
Vasal deliberately destroyed his house
for the Insurance money, and the appeal
was simply on technicalities.
DIED.
RIDGEWAY— In Oakland. February 24, 1898,
Annie E. Kidtreway, a native of Philadelphia,
aged 51 years 2 months and 22 days.
(ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
tf ~n
Ij : -... ■■■■■■■■iniiiwiiii urn. I |
j ! w
:!■ : •'-■ Its superiority : 3
jJ : over . all other ■ R
1$ I chocolates lies : R
•' &> \ in its guaranteed : JB
- -'I 3 purity and delic- £
v • I 3 ious mellowness ['•:•■■ j
V 1-| : and/freshness. \ I
aTTTTTlHTttttTtmitllllllUnS , C 5
ft**
BASIL H. PAUL'S
POSITIVELY LAST
CLEARING-OUT SALE
AUCTION
OF
Genuine DllfiQ
Oriental liUuO,
' CARPETS, PORTIERES, Etc.,
TO-DAY and TO-MORROW, Feb. 25 & 26,
AX 2 P. M. DAILY, -
AT 116 SUTTER STREET,
Between Kearny and Montgomery.
■ His collection of rugs : stands -without rival.
His auction sale ; is peremptory and genuine.
All will be sold out before, he leaves the city.
No rug lover can afford to miss this opportu-
nity FRANK BUTTERFIELD,
' . Auctioneer. '
f riot's Indian VeptaHe Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used • them for over :• forty years to I cure
SICK HEADACHE,- GIDDINESS, | CONSTIPA-
TION, .Torpid ; Liver, 1 Weak Stomach; Pimples
and purify the blood. ; • . : , . ; ;■
Crossman's Sued Mixture
i: With -; this , remedy persons ' can ; cure them-
selves without • the least i exposure, change " of
diet or change in application to business. The
medicine contains nothing ■of the ' least , injury
to • the constitution. Ask your druggist ; for It. .
Wi.m II & Wittla j
f
; : . ADVEBTISEMENTS. " J .
ainTopen [letter
To MOTHERS.
WE ARE ASSERTING IN THE COURTS OUR RIGHT TO THE
EXCLUSIVE USE OF THE WORD '* CASTORIA," AND ■ i
PITCHER'S CASTORIA," AS OUR TRADE MARK.
/, DR. SAMUEL PITCHER, of Hyannis, Massachusetts,
was the originator of " PITCHER'S CASTORIA," the same
that has borne and does now —0 _ on , every
bear the facsimile signature of &o/^f%6ZcJ&Z{ wrapper.
This is the original " PITCHER'S CASTORIA "'which has been .
used in the homes of the mothers of America for over thirty
years. LOOK CAREFULLY at the wrapper and see that it is
the kind you have always bought, /r^ ' ' -on the
and has the signature of t j-guc&m wrap*
per* No one has authority from me to use my name except
The Centaur Company of which Chas. H. Fletcher /'$
President
March 1897. e^i-^^^^-^.pi;
• Do Not Be Deceived.
Do not endanger the life of your child by accepting
a cheap substitute which some druggist may offer you
(because he makes a few more pennies on it), the in-
gredients of which even he does not know. \
"The Kind You Have Always Bought"
BEARS THE FAC-SIMILE SIGNATURE OF
Insist on Having
The Kind That Never Failed You.^
«■> O«NT«U ■ MMNIIf. TT MWMMV aTMirr. tc» row err*.
REMEMBER
That the 20 Per Cent Discount
Clearance
SALE
Of
ART GOODS
S. & 6. GUMP'S,
113 GEARY STREET,
Closes Positively on February
28, 1898,
Fine Tailoring
... At Cut Rate Prices
ALL WOOL SUITS MADE 10 ORDER FOR
$12, 515.50, 517.50 and S2O
TfiETBEATTHE WORLD FOR QUALITY AND STTLE
« Joe Poheim, The Tailor
1110-1112 Market St. «._ r--..u.
844-846 Market St. 5 "« l ITanCISCO
j 201-203MontgomerySt CAL.
DR.MCNULTY.
npms 7/EriL-KSOWS AND RKLrABLE or.ii
.L bpe^ia!lstc^u•<wPrlvate,Nervous,Hiood and Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
> Myears 1 experience". • Send for Book, free. | Patients
cured at Home, i Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to 3
<laIly;6:30 toB.3ocv'ps. Sundays, 10 to 12. ConauJt#-
tloufree and sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROSCOE McNPIiTT,.M.I>.«
26.. Beamy Street. San Franuiaco. Cat
Lady. I gave a handful of Ripans Tabules to an old gentleman of •
Brooklyn, and he said their effect upon him has beea
most remarkable.
Friend. What was the matter with him, anyway ?
L. He is a weigher, and works about the wharves and ware-
houses. He said that always after eating he would be
troubled with gases, and there would be a sensation at
of a load on the pit of his stomach which made hin|
very uncomfortable. ' /
F. Well, what good did the Ripans do him ?
I* I don't know how they did it, but he says they were effect-
ive from the start, and he was surprised to see how
quickly one would give him relief. I think it is quite
remarkable, for he is a confirmed dyspeptic and he
positively sneered when I gave him the Ripans. H«
didn't seem to think anything could reach his case
I Philadelphia
Shoe CO. Wo. IP Third St.
STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MEAT
ft a
» $2.50. a
iup TO DATeI
»■ ■ &
Z. \ S USUAL, WE ARE OFFERING v^
Q /A our customers something that they . "
W cannot buy elsewhere— a shoe combln- JJ
v: ing style, • fit and durability at a rea- ~
£< sonable price. Here is our latest: A "
£ Ladles 1 Fine Vici Kid Lace Shoe, clr-' «
V. cular vamps and fancy heel foxin?, fT
w 1 new coin toes and kid tips, fancy in- .Vt
** laid cloth front stay, pliable soles, as >*f
0 a leader, for $2 50. '**
... Call and get estimates on ■ Klondike 8
V Footwear before purchasing elsewhere. v-<
ft We have the largest and best selected '"*
* stock in this city. ££
a — >•<
s^ Country orders solicited. V
W Send for New Illustrated Catalogue. «
a Address c
g B. KATCHINSKI, »'
" PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third St., San Francisco. a
a a
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
AQO MARKET ST., OPP. PALACB
DOO Hotel. Telephone 670. Resldeoo* 9tf
Valencia street. Telephone, "Church" U.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. 7HB
great Mexican i Remedy; gives health and
strength to the sexual organs.
1112
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver a fraction firmer.
Our foreign trade in fine shape- ■,""
Wheat and Barley futures lower.
Oats weak. Corn declined. Rye unchanged. 1
Kay trade checked by the storm.
Beans as before.
Flour In fair demand.
No change In Coal.
Potatoes weak. Onions steady.
Butter lower. Egsrs about the same.
Poultry unchanged. Game slow.
Fancy Oranges doing better.
Provisions very firm.
Hogs advanced again.
OUR NATIONAL COMMERCE.
The values of the merchandise and produce j
Imported Into and exported from the United ;
States for January compare as follows:
1597. 1898.
Exports $93,951,883 . $108,489,455 '
Imports ::'.: 31.3M.01S 50.502.903 .
Increase $42,597,865 $57,686,546 j
OUR SPLENDID TRADE. i
The New York circular of Henry Clews says: j
•The Bureau of Statistics furnishes another j
evidence of th? extraordinary expansion of our
export trade. For the month of January the :
exports of merchandise (Including silver) 1
amounted to $112,500,000. which Is $14,700,000 in j
excess of the tlgures for the same month last :
year The imports were valued at $53,300,000, 1
which falls $800,000 below January. 1897. . The
month's exports show an excess of $59,500,000 i
over the Imports. From this, however, must be 1
deducted J5.000,000 for our net Imports of gold {
during the month: also a liberal allowance
must be made for the interest and other minor i
accounts during the month, which would leave I
a net balance to our credit of probably $30,000,- j
000, to be added to the already extraordinary •
floating indebtedness of other countries to the
United States. This is an additional reason
for anticipating protracted ease In the local
money market."
WEATHER REPORT.
(130 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 24. 6 p.m. I
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfalls during the past
twenty-four hours:
Past This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka O.M 24.95 35. 57
Red Bluff 0.82 10.42 M.M
Sacramento 1.10 8.14 14.47
San Francisco 0.78 7.08 17.76 j
Fresno 0.(>4 3.39 8.5S
San Luis Obispo 0.7S 4.74 17.36
Loa Angeles Trace 4.11 14.43
San Diego 0 3.38 10.11
Yuma 0 1.26 4.87
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
52; minimum, 47; mean, 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A storm of considerable energy is central
to-night off the coast of Washington and Van
couver Island. A portion of the storm will
probably move overland along the frontier; a
I portion will probably recurve from the
coast and appear again in a day or two. The
pressure has fallen rapidly over Montana and
has risen rapidly along the coast of California.
The temperature has fallen decidedly over
Nevada.
Rain has fallen generally on the Pacific slope
from Los Angeles northward. In Northern
California, and especially in the Sacramento
Valley, the rainfall has averaged about an
inch in the past twenty-four hours.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Fort t'anby, 4* miles per hour from
the south; Roseburg. 26 southwest; Carson
City. 46 south: San Luis Obispo, 26 south; Wln
nemucca. a gal-.
Forecast ma-la at Pan Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, Feb. 25. 1*98:
Northern California — Unsettled weather Fri
day, with conditions favorable for showers;
southerly* winds.
Southern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather Friday, with conditions favorable for
showers In the early morning; fresh southerly
winis.
Nevada— Rain or snow Friday; colder north
east.
Utah— Cloudy Friday: probably rain; colder.
Arizona— Cloudy Friday; probably showers
cooler.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Temporarily fair
Friday, with conditions favorable for showers
at night; fresh southerly wind.
Special from Mount tamalpais— Clear: wind
southwest, 36 miles; temperature, 39; maxi
mum, 43. ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Feb. «.— The slump in the
stock market this morning- was so sudden and
violent that the trading almost took on panic J
conditions, but the avalanche of liquidation !
was over in less than half an hour, and then j
there were some quick recoveries. The dullness !
and the recuperative tendency that followed '
showed that the determination to let go at I
whatever sacrifice had been quickly abandoned '
and a late drive by the bears found prices by
no means so unresisting as in th« morning, j
The covering of shorts worked a substantial
rally before the close. The early slump ranged
from 1 to nearly 5 points in the standard j
shares, and from that up to an extreme de- ]
cllne of 12 points In Metropolitan Street Rail- i
way In the specialties. Recoveries, though j
sharp In some shares, were at no time com- '
r>lete in any stock. The later tone of the mar- j
ket suggested that the early break was at least !
encouraged by manipulations, and the sub- '
stantial character of the buying at the ex
treme decline corroborated the idea that there
was waiting purchasers anxious to se :i>>
stocks at a lower level of prices. But the fact
was obvious, nevertheless, that apprehension j
over the Cuban situation was more acute than
at any time heretofore. There was evidently a
•f orders to sell at the market when trad
| -ned, and commission houses report that
■ ame from many sections of the coun
try, indicating an uneasy feeling on the part
of holders lo realize on their securities. The
character of the buying is evidenced that there
are ..wners of large capital who believe that
the situation has been fully discounted in the
decline which has been made.
London was als-. a large buyer during the
riny, its tota! purchases being estimated at
40.000 shares, or lufi.OOO shares in two days. Gov
ernment bonds were strikingly weak the de
clines In the bid price being Vf?lH per cent.
Money was higher, call loans being from
2H to 3 per cent, and time loans for sixty days
were made at 4 per cent, with quite an ad
vance in them. The calling of loans released
quite an amount of sterling exchange which
was held as collateral, and 'the exchange mar
kpt broke sharply, demand sterling being
quoted at %c below yesterday's price, at $4 Hi%
This Is near the gold import point and sug
gests an available source of relief for any
threatened stringency In the money market
Quite a heavy movement of currency to the
Interior Is still In progress, but It does not
appear that this Is due to any other cause
than th« expanding ne<>d? of business. Money
is going tr.tr. loans and thus Into the active
course of trade.
In the stock market those securities which
suffers the heaviest declines, notably the
Grangers, with Burlington leading, and the in- '
ternational stocks, with Union Pacific preferred
the most acute sufferer, enjoyed sharp rallies,
so that the day's net declines are brought
within a ranife of 1 to 4 points outside the *
specialties.
Metropolitan Street Railway dropped 12 points i
but closed 3 points above that, and Manhattan' i
though it fell at ore time 9%. shows a net de- i
cline of 6 points.
The movement In the bond market was In !
sympathy with that in stocks, declines rang
ing between 1 and 2 points. Prices closed'
somewhat above the lowest. . Total sales
$4,025,000. "
United States new 4s coupon fell Vi per cent i
and "■-.ld at the bid price. 125V4.
The registered bonds of the same Issue fell '
-.'%. but sold 1 per cent above the bid price at
the asked price. The old 4B4 B coupon fell 1 per
cent bid. the 6s \ and the old 4s registered hi I
bM.
Total sales of stocks to-day. 735.400 shares, j
including s*lo Atchlvm, 9110 Atchlson preferred -
PTii Chesapeake and Ohio. 42.405 Burlington' I
DM Erie preferrd, 3513 Lake Shore 20 990 '
Louisville and Nashville. 38,420 Manhattan IS - !
420 Metropolitan Street Railway. 11 JR.". Read- '
ing preferred. 13.350 Missouri Pacific, 6670 Mis
souri, Kansas and Texas preferred 6611 New '<
Jersey Central. 31,620 Sew York Central 19 220
Northern Pacific. 30.020 Northern Pacific pre- '
ferred. 18.420 Rock Island. 60.520 St. Paul 7110
Southern preferred. 19.820 Union Pacific' r,3s>o ,
TVabash preferred. 14,920 Tobacco. 3STO Chicago
Great "Western. 51.2."0 People's Gas. 5600 Con
solidated Gas. 5750 General Electric. 4553 Pa- '
clflc Mail. 86,820 American Sugar, 4487 Tennes- !
see Coal and Iron, 3192 Western Union.
CLOSING STOCKB.
Atehlson 10% St P & Om 66%
Do pref 26% "- pref 14^
Baltimore & Oh!o U% St P M & M. 130
Canada Pacific .. S2 So Pacific 19
''.in.-ida Southern. 47 So Railway gat
Cent Pac 13 Do pref 27%
Ches & Ohio 20V 4 Texas & Pacific. . \nu
Chi & Alton .... 1<53 Union Pacific ... 2^
'11l B & Q <>3%:UPD&G f,\
Chi A E 111 M IWabash 7
CCCiStL.... 30 Do pref 1514
Do pref SO Wheel ALE.... 2%
F>pl & Hudson 108% Do pref 11%
I><*l L & W 150 Express Companies-—
Den & R 0 12 Adams Ex 112
I'o pref 46% (American Ex 125
Erie (new) 13% i United States .... 42
Do Ist pref .... SR%|Wells Fargo 115
Ft Wayne 16S ! Miscellaneous—
CM Nor pref .... 148 A Cot Oil 18
Hocking Val si Do pref 70%
Illinois Cent .... 100% Amn Spirits 7%
Lake Erie & W.. 15 Do pref 18%
Do pref 70 Am Tobacco 88
Lake Shore 191 Do pref 113
Louis & Nash... 53% People's Gas 90
Manhattan L .... 102% Cons Gas I*o%
Met St Ry 133 Com Cab Co 160
Mich Cent 104%; Col F & 1r0n.... ]«H
Minn * St I» M | Do pref 7»
Do Ist pref .... 83% Gen Electric 31%
Mo Pacific 25 Illinois Steel .... 4b
Mobile & 0hi0.... 27 " Laclede Gas 39
Mo X & T.. ...... 11% Lead 30 .
Do pref .*. 35 Do pref 103V 4
Chllnd & L 8 Nat Lin Oil «
Do pref 27 Or Imp Co 2.
N J Central 91"4 Pacific Mail 27*4
N Central 111% Pullman Pal lie
X V Chi & St L. 12% I Silver Cert ...... 55%
Do Ist pref .... 68 I Stand R &.T.... «4
Do pref .... 33% Sugar 121%
Nor West 15 Do — HO 1/*1 /*
No Amer Co 5W T C 4 1r0n...... 19
No Pacific 20% U S Leather 6V4
Do pref 69% Do pref ..' 60%
Ontario & W.... 15% U S Rubber. 16
Or R & Nay 46 Do pref CoVi
Or Short Line.... 27 I West Union 87
Pitthburg 163 ! Northwestern 120
Reading IS 1 * i Do Dref ........ 173
Do pref 42>, 2 St L & S W 4J4
Rock Island ..... 84 Do pref ........ -9^4
St- Louis ■& S F.. 6% R G W 23
Do Ist pref .... 54Vi Do pref 67
Do 2d pref .... 22U Chi G W 9%
St Paul 91% Haw Com C 0.... 29
Do pref 146
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 125% I N V Cent lsts... 116%
Do coup 125% N J C 5s 114
V? 4s 112 N Carolina 6s — 12S
Do coup 113 Do 4s 103
1,,, Ms . .. 0?% No Par lsts 118%
V Sss reff..: 112% Do 3s 60
Do 5c coup 112% Do 4s 95
District 3.65s .... 118% N V C & St L 4s. 105%
Ala class A 10S% Nor & W 6s 125
Do jj 107 North cons. 142%
Do C .....: 100 Do deb os 117
Do Currency ... 100 O Nay lsts 114
Atchieon 4s 89% O Nay 4s 96
Do adj 4s 65% O S Line 6s tr.. 123
Can So 2ds 11 OS Line 5s tr.. 113
Chicago Term.... $5 O Imp lsts tr.... 110
C & Ohio 5s 115% Do 5) tr 56
CHAD 4Mb.... 104% Pacific 6s of 95.. 103%
D& R G lsts.... 109 Reading 4s 83%
D & RG 4s 94 RG W lsta.. 81%
East Term lsts.. 107 SL& IM C 65.. 89
Erie Gen 4s 70 SL& SF G 65.. 117%
F W & D lsts tr. 71 . St P Con 140
O>n Elec 6s .... 101 St PC & P lats.. 122
G H & 3 A 65.. 109 Do 5s 116%
Do 2ds 105 So Ry 5s 90
H & T C 5s 109>4 ! Stand R & T 6s. 50
Do con 6s 110% Term new set 35.. 91
lowa C lsts 101% T * P L G lst«.. 100%
Kan P Con tr.... Los I Do Rg 2d5...... 31%
X Par Ist DD tr.nSlU Union Pac lsts.. 127%
La new cons 45.. 101 Wab Ist 6s 108%
I, & N Unl 45.... S8 " Do 2ds 78
Missouri 6s 100 W. Shore 4s 1104
M X & T 2d5.... 61 Va Centuries — 70%
Do 4s S7 Do deferred 4
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 30|Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 10 Ophir 45
Con Cal & Va.... SO Plymouth 08
Dead wood 1 00 Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry... 40 Do pref 200
Hale & Norcross. 30 Sierra Nevada ... 90
Homestake 37 00 Standard 165
Iron Silver 40 1 Union Con 30
Mexican 30 ' Yellow Jacket ... 20
BOSTON.
BOSTON, Feb. 24.— Atchtson, 10%; Bell Tele
phone. 250; Burlington. 9Z%: Mexican Central,
b%; Oregon Short Line, 27.
LONDON MARKETS.
NEW YORK. Feb. 24.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were dull to-day, being de
pressed by New York and Paris. Amrivns
were very flat, chiefly on New l*-->rk selling and
closed weak on liquidation of some bull ac
counts here. The buying here to-day was of a
better class than the selling, and prices closed
a shade above the lowest.
; Money was easier to-day, because borrow
■ ings from the bank were overdone. Spanish
j securities were flat. Other stocks were dull.
Mines were better. Gold Is scarcely wanted
and the price is barely 77s 9»«id. Money in In
dia is excessively high and the Bombay bank
rate Is up to the record of 103 per cent.
The China loan is all underwritten. It is
i probably a 4^ per cent loan at 90, and is in
scribed at the Bank of England.
Details of the gold movement for the week
I show the export of £46.000 to South America
: and the receipt of £114.000 from Australia.
NEW YORK WHEAT MARKET.
NEW YORK. Feb. 24.— The sensational fall
in stocks to-day unquestionably had consider- ;
able Influence on wheat, as Wall-street oper
ators extended their liquidating efforts to the
grain pits of both the New York and Chicago
markets. Besides this pressure local bulls were ;
discouraged from offering any support, as for
eign markets were unsatisfactory and crop
news favorable. Scalpers therefore sold short
with impunity and the market under these
conditions broke 2c during the forenoon. The
Clique had May dancing about in a lively fash- ,
ion MOD after the opening, but gradually re
linquished its grip and allowed prices to fol- .
low their bearish Inclination. Foreign houses
were good sellers of wheat here. Sentiment
locally has been growing very bearish in the
past few days, particularly with regard to the
July option, where most of the trade Is now .
centered.
Crop news promises to have a marked effect j
from now on. Lelter wheat recently shipped ;
from Chicago Is arriving here and will doubt
lea soon settle the outward movement. The :
range on May to-day was from 99Tici&$l 01%, .
closing at $1 00*4, against SI 02% last night. ;
July sold from 92 11-16fj?94Hc and closed at
9Jijc. against 94\c last night.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Feb. 24.— FLOUR— Receipts.
20,582 barrels; exports. 14.058 barrels. Easy,
with buyers again holding off on account of
the break in wheat.
WHEAT— 73,075 bushel?; e\ports,
16,045 bushels. Spot easy; No. .2 red. $1 06%
f. o. b. afloat. Options opened weak at ?4<5 7 »c
decline and experienced a somewhat sensational
break later in the day under Wall street sell
ing; am' the crash in stocks. Long and short
wheat came on the market freely all day. the
close being weak at 2<g2^c net decline. For
eign houses also sold. No. 2 red May, 9a%c
■B*l 01"ic: closed. $1 00»4. • * ..
HOPS— Finn
WOOL— Quiet.
FETROLEUM— Firm. A ;' ■"•.;;. "i.*;'?j
METALS— departments have Improved
on increased demand, while others were neg
lected and lower. At the close the metal ex
change called:
PlGlßON— Warrants dull, with $6 45 bid and
$6 66 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Higher, with $11 55 bid and
$11 60 asked.
TlN— Firm, with $14 05 bid and $14 15 asked.
SPELTER— Unchanged, with $4 10 bid and
$1 30 asked.
LEAD— Easy, at $3 75 bid and $3 80 asked.
The firm that fixes the settling prices for
miners and smelters calls lead dull at $3 60
COFFEE— Options closed steady at a net de
cline of 5 to 10 points. Sales. 40,750 bags, in
cluding February, $5 56; March. $5 45@5 55
Spot Coffee— Rio, easy; No. 7 invoice, 6'^c; No.
7 Jobbing, 6%c. Mild, quiet; Cordova, T 2 >q>
l£^c.
Sugar— firm; fair refining. 3 11-16o; cen
trifugal, 86 test, 4 3-16 c; refined, firm. -
BUTTER— 3000 packages; firm-
Western creamery, 14%@20c; Elgins, 20c; fac
tory, ll@l4c.
Receipts. 3008 packages; firm; State
ani Pennsylvania. 15c: Western, 15c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. Feb. 24— California dried fruits
—Apples held very steady and other fruits
quiet but steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. ,Vfl7\c
per lb: prime wire tray, SVfcc; wood dried,
prime, 8H"- - ; choice, $\si9c; fancy, MfcOlOc
PRUNES— 3'a^c.
APKICOTS— RoyaI. 6<ii74c; Moorpark. PSHc
PEACHES— l'npeeled, s®9c; peeled, 12@20c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. Feb. 24.— Selling orders, espe- I
cially from the smaller holders, were very
much in evidence at the opening of Wheat
trading, and as limited support was given the
market th« tone at the start and for , some
time after was very weak. Opening prices of
July, which closed yesterday at 91% c, ranged
from 91c to 90% c, and in May from . $1 05 to
$1 04%, these figures being l@H4c decline from
yesterday. Selling orders came on the market
quickly for a time, and although no large
blocks were unloaded the effect of the ham- i
mering was shown in a decline to 90% cln '
July and $1 04% ;In May. . There the market ;
reacted under moderate covering , by ' shorts, j
July reaching 91% c - and May $1 05%. These ,
prices proved to be the highest points of the
day. Selling started afresh at the advance and ,
prices gradually tended downward, with fluc
tuations frequent, the market showing con
siderable nervousness. The break In Wall
street securities and the Increasing gravity of
the Cuban reports were the overshadowing in
fluences. The smaller holders especially showed
a good deal of anxiety to unload their lines.
Another factor was tha weakness shown by
Liverpool -in the face of the small stocks at
that place. The English market showed de
clines of from %@%d. The rally In Wall street
had the effect of stopping in a degree the sell
ing . pressure and the first reaction . noted fol
lowed. After May had gone down to SI 04% and
July to 90% c a period of comparative steadi
ness followed. Those prices were around "put"
figures, which had ' a steadying influence on
the market. Letter was also credited with buy
ing at the decline. The market became ex
ceedingly dull and remained so until about 12
o'clock. Then " radical weakness developed.
Offerings of long Wheat, which had been small
for some time. Increased In volume under the
Influence of rather sensational Cuban news.
There was pressure on May which the crowd
believed due to Letter, and this served to in
crease the .nervousness ' of holders and prices
steadily declined. Closing cables all showed
weakness. Near the close the market became
very weak and little support from any quarter
was forthcoming. May declined to and closed
at *1 03% and July declined to K9Hig > S» He clos
ing at 89% c. the later delivery being supported
by a prominent broker late In the session. .
Com was active and weak, Influenced by the
war news and the break in Wheat. May closed
%c lower. • --. '■-., -..
The market for Oats was active and weak.
May closed HsXc lower. . . :
THE SA3T FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1893.
Provisions were only moderately active and
weak. At the clcse May pork was 17% c lower,
May lard 7%c lower and May ribs 10c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
February 1 05>4 105 V* 103% 103%
May 105 105% 1 03% 103%
July 91 91% 89% 89%
Corn, No. 2—
May 30% 30% 29% 29%
July 31% 31% 30% 31
September 32% 32% 32% 32%
Oats, No. 2—
May 26% 26% 25% 26%
July 24% 24% 24 24%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May 10 75 10 77% 10 65 10 65
July 10 75 10 80 10 67% 10 67%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
May 5 27% 5 27% 5 22% 5 22%
July 5 37% 5 37% 6 30 5 32%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 5 25 6 25 5 15 5 15
July 5 30 5 30 5 22% 5 22%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet; No. 2 spring Wheat, 91%(g92%c; No. 3
spring Wheat, 90-??97c; No. 2 red. $1 02@l 03%;
No. 2 Corn. 25%i525%c; No. 2 Oats, 26c; No. 3
white, f. o. b., 28<&29c; No. 2 Rye, 49c; No. 2
Barley, f. o. b., ttHOtte; No. 1 Flaxseed,
$1 23%; Prime Timothy Seed, $2 92%<ff2 95; Mess
Pork, per barrel, $10 60^10 65; Lard, per 100
pounds. $5 20: Short Ribs Sides, loose, $0 10©
5 40; Dry Salted Shoulders, boxed, 4%@5c;
Short Clear Sides, boxed, $5 SSO6 66; Whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gallon, $1 18%.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Floor, barrels 8.000 10.000
Wheat, bushels 60,000 71.000
Corn, bushels 278.000 215.000
Oats, bushels 233.000 183,000
Rye. bushels 6.000 900
Barley, bushels 35,000 31.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries. 13@!9%c; dairies,
11017 c. Cheese, quiet; B@S%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 14c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shlpmts.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 139.380 43.660
Duluth , 1»,1"1
Milwaukee 38.800
Chicago 59,9<)9 70,805
Toledo 14,739 3,000
St. Lpuis 12,000 91,000
Detroit 7,492 5.159
Kansas City 73,000 43,500
Totals 358,491 267.124
Tidewater-
Boston 56,792 55.734
New York 73,075 16.045
Philadelphia 56.105 36,559
Baltimore 108,244
New Orleans 24,000
Totals 294,216 132,338
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— Jan. Mar.
Opening 62 90 59 65
Closing 62 85 59 45
Flour —
Openinr" 29 00 27 85
Closing .29 00 27 85
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
Mar. May. July Sept. Dec.
Opening ....7 11% 76% 7 3>i 67H 66%
Closing 7 11% 76% 7 3 67% 6 6
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET. '
CHICAGO, Feb. 24.— CATTLE— Sales were on
a basis of $3 70fr4 for common lots of dressed
beef steers up to $s<g6 40 for the better class
of shipping cattle, the bulk of cattle bringing
$4 10(g5; cows and heifers, $2 60@3 SO. Calves
were scarce, prime lots selling freely at $7.
HOGS— The bulk of the hogs crossed the
scales at $4<<J4 07 I*,1 *, the poorest selling at $3 87^
@3 90; best, $4 10^4 12»i; pigs, $3 55(n3 95.
SHEEP— Were In good demand at $3^3 40
for inferior up to $4 50<g4 65 for good to choice
flocks: Westerns predominated very largely,
and sold chiefly at $4(54 55: yearlings, $4 60®
4 90 Lambs were tairly active at $5@5 50.
shorn selling at $4 50, shorn yearlings around
$4 25, and shorn sheep, $3 SO'aS 90.
Receipts— Cattle, 10,000; hogs, 34,000; sheep,
15.000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Feb. 24.— CATTLE— Receipts. 1600:
market stronger for best. Native steers. $3 60
(54 SO; Western steers, $3 40<g4 50; Texas steers,
$3<S3 60; cows and heifers, »3ft3 90; stockers
and feeders. $3 50-S4 70; calves, $4i?f6; bulls,
stags, etc.. $2 30<S3 60.
HOGS— Receipts, 5000; market stronger;
heavy $3 80*7 3 87 1 *; mixed. $3 Sofi3 824; light,
S3 BMI 90: bulk of sales. $3 Snfj3 82^.
SHEEP— Receipts. 7000; market steady. Fair
to choice natives, $3 70@4 70: fair to choice
Westerns, $3 60@4 50: common and stock sheep,
$3@3 90; lambs. $4 25*? 5 40.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Feb. 24.— CATTLE— Receipts
(official), 37P0 natives; 450 Southern. Market
active to 10c higher. Dressed beef grades,
$4 30f4 So: fed Westerns, strong, $3 90(34 40;
cows and heifers. $2 Rc.'fJ 4 ; heavy feeders, $4 23
ifi4 60; stockers, $3 75<&5 35: bulls, $3 2bfg3 75.
HOGS— Receipts. 14.000. Good steady to 5c
higher; common to weak 5c lower: bulk. $3 75
(aZ 95; heavies and packers, $3 85<ff4 07H; med
ium and mixed, $3 80#4; lights, $3 6<Xg3 85;
pigs. $3 3"<a3 60.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2300. Market firm to 5c
higher. -Western fed wethers. $4<?4 35: West
ern ewes, $3 Ssti'3 90; lambs. $4 75(5^ 50.
DENVER. .. :i
DENVER. Feb. 24.— CATTLE— Receipts. 300.
Market, steady to firm. Beef steers, $3 50@4 20;
cows. $2 50©3 70: stockers and feeders.- $3 70®
4 50, freight paid to river; bulls and stags, $2
@3.
'■' HOGS— Receipts. 200. Market, steady. Light
packers. $3 80@3 85; mixed, $3 75@3 80; heavy,
$3 70<a3 80. ,
SHEEP— receipts.
CALIFORNIA BEANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— The Journal of
Commerce says: During the past week
or ten days the market for California
dried Lima Beans has shown decided upward
tendency. At the beginning of this movement
stocks could have been purchased on the spot
at $1 32^4 per bushel and possibly less. Reports
from California, however, caused an active
speculative demand, and under purchases made
by one of the leading commission houses here,
supplemented by orders for considerable quan
tities in various sized lots from Jobbers, prices
rapidly advanced. To-day some holders decline
to f-ntPrtain bids of less than $1 60 per bushel
on spot, though $1 55 it is understood will still
buy and possibly some small sellers might be
induced to accept $1 52Vfc. The general ten
dency of the market, however, is upward, ow
ing to stronger advices from the coast, where,
according to telegrams just received. $2 12^
per 100 lbs (equal to $1 75 per bushel here) is
now said to be the Inside price. As there is
no uniformity of action between owners of
stock in California according to reports re
ceived here, doubts as to the stability of the
market there are expressed and for this reason
buyers are holding off. The Lima Bean Asso
ciation, while still In existence, is said to have
lost control of the market, most of the far
mers preferring to act Independently.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
I /IN DON. Feb. 24.— Consols, 112^i: Silver.
2." 11-l<sd: French rentes. 103f 80c@10Sf 70c.
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 24.— Wheat, dull; No. 1
Standard California, 38s 9d; cargoes off coast,
buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on passage,
rather easier: English country markets, quiet;
French country markets, slow; Wheat In
ParK steady; Flour in Paris, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 7-16 d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Feb. 24.— The local wheat mar
ket is weak and lower, with exporters not at
all anxious to do business tinder existing cir
cumstances. Freights are very firm and the
European markets have no encouragement for
anything in the future, so temporarily matters
are nearly at a standstill. A few of the deal
ers ventured a quotation of 76c as an extreme
limit for Walla Walla; valley and bluestem,
78<g79c per bushel.
cleared— British bark Nlthsdale, for Queens
town, with 100,908 bushels of wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Feb. 24.— Wheat weak; No. 1 club,
76c; No. 1 bluestem, 79c.
PORTLAND BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Feb. 24.— Exchanges, $409,945;
balances. 182.778.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury showg: Avail
able cash balance, $225,619,058; gold reserve,
1167,201,747.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — 4 85%
Sterling Cables — 4 86%
New York Exchange, sight — 20
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 22 W
Fine Silver, per ounce — 55%
Mexican Dollars 46 —
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The rain and weaker Eastern and
foreign markets caused a sharp drop in fu
tures at the opening, though there was a sub
sequent recovery. The spot market was also
weaker and dull. Trading on call was lively,
as will be seen.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 41%
for No. 1. $1 42% for choice and $1 45®
1 50 per ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock--May--26,000ct15.
$1 39%; WOO, $1 39%; 8000. $1 39%; 2000. $1 39%
14.000, $1 39%; 4000. »1 39%. December— 12,000.
$1 29; 14.000. $1 29%; 22,000, Jl 29%; 4000
$1 29%; 12.000. $1 29%: 20.000. $1 29%.
Second session — December — 2000 ctls, $1 28%
68,000, $1 29%; 60,000, Jl 30. May— 6ooo, $1 40% :
6000. $1 40.
Regular morning session — December" — 12 000
ctls. |1 30; 16,000, $1 30%; 10,000. Jl 30%; 3000
$1 30%. May— 4ooo, Jl 40%; 2000, $1 40%; 2000,
$1 40%.
Afternoon session — May— 12,000 ctls, $1 40%;
32,000, $1 40%; 14,000. $1 41. December— tOOO.
Jl 30%; SOOO. $1 30%; 2000. $1 30%; 2000. $1 30%.
BARLEY— At the opening futures broke Bo
owing to the rain, which was believed to be
general and heavy, but as the morning went
on and reports indicated a moderate fall in
the northern counties ami hardly any in the
south and south central the market recov
ered somewhat. Spot prices were weaker in
sympathy.
Feed, $1 02%@l 05 for dark to good and $1 07%
for choice: Brewing $1 15(??1 20 for No. 1 and
$1 10@l 12% per ctl for dark Coast.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9ls o'clock— May— l4,ooo
ctls, 95c; 24,000. K»4e; 2000, ss< * c - December—
2COO. 85c; 2000, 85% c 4000 Ss%c. .'
Second sesston-May-20eo ctls. 96% c: 12,000.
96V4c; 16,000, 96V.C. December-2000. S6c; 2000,
85% c; 6000, ST>%c
Regular morning session— May— 2000 ctls,
96% c; 12,000, 97c; 6000 98 V? : 20C0. 98% c; 6000,
98% c '
Afternoon session— May— 4ooo ctls, 99c; 12.000,
99% c.
OATS-The weakness in Wheat and Bar
ley cau-wel an easier feeling in this cereal and
buyers held off, though Mere was no decline.
Fancy feed. $1 22%@1 25 per ctl; s ° od to
choice, $1 17%'5l *2y>" common, $1 12%@1 15;
Surprise, $1 25@1 30;' "red, $1 35<J?1 45; gray, $1 15
0117%; milling. *i 20@l 25: black, for seed.
$1 35@1 50. Clipped Oats sell at $I@2 per ton
over the raw product
CORN— Dealers are quoting prices lower
again, with a dull market. -
Small round yellow SI 10® 1 12% per ctl, large
yellow, $1 05@l 07%; white, $1 05@l 07%.
RYE-$1 05<?n 07% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nom}nalj_none here.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The China steamer took out 14.580 bbls Flour,
There is no change in prices.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$4 5694 65; Bakers' extras, ?4 30@4 40 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in Eacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs- Rye Flour. $2 50 per 100:
Rice Flour, $5 75- Cornmeal, $2 25; extra cream
do, $3; Oatmeal. $3 50; Oat Groats, $4; Hom
iny, $3 10@3 30; Buckwheat Flour, $4; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina »4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (bblfO. »5 25@5 65; in
sacks, $5 05@5 45; Pearl Barley. $4; Split Peas.
$3 75; Green Peas, $4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
There was no Hay market yesterday morn
ing owing to the rainstorm, so the old quota
tions are continued, though they must be con
sidered nominal. Feedstuffs range as before.
BRAN— slß@l9 ncr ton.
MIDDLINGS-1221&24 per ton. BM __
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $24@20 per
t~n; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $28 50@29 50;
jobbing. $30; Cocoanut Cake. $21 50(^22 50; Cot
tonseed Meal, $254?30 per ton; Corn Meal, $23 50
ft 24 50; Cracked Corn. $24<§25; Chopped Feed,
$IS@l9.
HAY— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat. $17@19
per ton; Wheat and Oat. $16^18; Oat, $14 So@
16 50; Barley, $14@16 50; < ompressed, $16<§17 50;
Alfalfa, $10 SOfill 50; stock, $11®12; Clover,
$11 50@12 50; Nevada Tin; .thy. $13 50@14 per ton.
STRAW— 3S<§ 45c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
,No further change in Beans are reported.
Seeds are dull as usual.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 90<g3 05: Small Whites,
$1 EOOI 60; Large Whites, $1 50@l 55; Pinks,
$2 60<f?2 70: Reds, $2 @ 2 25: Blackeye, 2 40@2 50;
Butters, $1 40 @ 1 50- Llmas, $- 15@2 25; Pea,
$1 Bo®l E5; Red Kidneys. $2 2f..f}2 58 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mnstnrd. $2 75 @3 per ctl:Yel
low Mustard, $2fa2 50; Flax. $2 30; Canary Seed,
ttiQZflc per Ibf Alfalfa. 3Q6c; Rape. 2@2%c;
Hemp, 3c; Timothy, ofec.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 40@l 65; Green, $2®
2 06 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS. VEGETABLES.
Potatoes are weak and dull at the reduced
prices. Onions are steady. Vegetables range
about the same.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 70ifS0c; River Reds,
50(g 50c; River Burbanks. 50070 C per sack: Ore
gon Burbanks. fiat? 9oc; Salinas Burbanks,
90c(S$l 20; Petaluma Rurbanks. 601?70c; Swppt
Potatoes, 25 @ 50c per ctl for Rivers and $1
for Merced, new Volunteer Potatoes per lb.
ONIONS— S2 25(d2 60 per ctl; Oregons, $2 75®
2 85; cut onions. $202 25 per sack.
VEGETABLEP-Rhubarh. sftlOc per lb; Ala
meda Green Peas, 6if?ric per lb: Mushrooms,
B®lsc; Marrowfat Squash. $Hf | '7j2s per ton;
Dried Peppers, 6@7c per lb; Dried Okra. 15c;
Cabbage, 805 75 c per ctl; Carrots, 25<ff6Oc per
sack: Garlic, 3<i?4H<-' per lb; Asparagus, 10®
25c per lb; Mexican Tomatoes. $1 50 per box.
Los Angeles Green Peas. . r .'i?6c; String Beans,
10c; Tomatoes, $l(ffl 25: Green Peppers, 25c
per lb; Summer Squash. ; Egg Plant. 25c
per lb; Hothouse Cucumbers, 50cS$l per dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25
rba; sliced desiccated, lfigiSc; granulated raw,
13c: Onions, 60c: Carrot?, old, 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage. 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
There was no particular change in Poultry-
Turkeys were a drug and young stock was
firm.
Game Is out of demand and the season will
close March 1.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, B@9c for Gob
blers and S@9c for Hens; dressed Turkeys,
9@l2^c per lb; Geese per pair, $1 25@1 50; Gos
ling*. $2 50®3; ,Puclu.. **@5 for old and $6 50®
750 '■ for' young: I Hens. $3 50@4 50; Roosters,
young. $5 BO'S 6 50; Roosters, old, $3 5054; Fryers.
$5 50<fj6; Broilers, fE96 SO for large and $3 50(g)
4 50 for small; Pigeons, $2(g2 25 per dozen for
young and $1 for old. ■
GAME— per dozen. $1(51 25; Mallard.
$2 EOOS 50. Canvasback, $2 50@4 50; Sprig, $1 23®
$1 50; Teal, JKil 25; Widgeon, 75c@$l; , Small
Ducks, 50<g'75c; Gray Geese, $1 50@2; White, 50c;
Brant. 75c<H$l 25; Honkers, $2 50; English Snipe.
$2; Jack Snipe, $1; Hare, $1; Rabbits, $I@l 25
for Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter continues to tend downward.
There was a disposition to advance Eggs on
account of northern orders, but receipts were
too heavy.
Cheese remains the same.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 23^24c; seconds,
21022 c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy. 20@21c; second
grades. lS(S19o per lb.
Eastern Butter — Creamery, 19(g;ic; ladle
packed, 15!§17H<* per It).
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 10$- common to
good, B(g9'-jc; Cream Cheddar, 10<jjllc; Young
America, HXgllc; Western, ll@12c; Eastern, 12%
<gi3%c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, Il%'gl3c per dozen; store
Eggs. UHiUc.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Fancy Oranges, both navels and seedlings,
are doing bettPr, but common stock shows no
improveme"nt. Apples are slow. Limes con
tinue scarce.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 40^500 per box for common, eSfjftl
for good to choice and $1 25 for fancy.
CRANBERRIES-$7@S per bbl.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, Jl 25@
2 50; Seedlings, ".Vigil 50; Mandarins, $101 50 for
large and 50®75c for small boxes; Grape Fruit.
BOcQfl 50 per tmx; Lemons. KO7Se for com
mon and jlig'2 for good to choice: Mexican
Limes, $6; California Limes, i n small boxes,
(0O80C ; Pananas, $1 3£(g2 25 per bunch; Pine
apples, $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS. RAISINS. ETC.
There is positively nothing going on and
the old prices still rule.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 4%@
4%c for 40-50's, 3%@4%c for 60-60' s. 3li@3%c
for 60-70' s, 2%i@3Vic for 70-80' s, 2%@2%ctOT Su
90's, 1%@2%c for 90-100" s; Peaches. 3<34%c;
fancy, 5@5%c; peeled. 10@12%c; Apricots. 6@6c
for Royals and 7@Bc for good to fancy Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, 6%@7^4c; sun-dried,
4@sc; black Figs, In Backs. 2©2% c; Plums,
4%®4%c for pitted and l@l!4c for unpitteU;
bleached Plums. s@s&c; Nectarines. 4@sc for
prime to fancy; Pears, 2%(f4%c for quarters
and 3<fs%c for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— 2c for two-crown, 3§:?%c for three
crown, 3%@4c for four-crown, 5c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3Vic for Seedless Muscatels and $1®
1 10 for London layers; dried Grapes, 2%c.
Chestnuts are quotable at 8c per
lt>; Walnuts. , 6<3>6c for hardshell and 6@7c for
soft shell; Almonds. 2%5?3%c for hardshell, s<g6c
for softshell and 7@Sc for paper-shell; Peanuts,
406%0 for Eastern and 4%c for California;
Pecans, 6%@Bc; Filberts, 8%f?10c; Brazil Nuts.
S©9c per 1b: Cocoanuts. $* Bo@s per 100.
1 HONEY— New Comb. B@loc for bright and 5®
7c for lower grades; new water white extract
ed. 4%@5c; light amber extracted. 3\@4>4c
23@25c per ">■
PROVISIONS.
Dealers still talk of advancine prices, but
have • not yet. , The market Is as active as
ever.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c per It> or
heavy, 9%c for light medium. 10V4c for light,
lie for extra light and 12% c for sugar-cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. . 10%@llc; Califor
nia Hams, 10c: Mess Beef. $9 per bbl; extra
mess, do, $10; family do. $11@12; Salt Pork.
$9; extra prime Pork, $10; - extra dear, $18;
mess. $16; Smoked Beef. ll@l2c per tb.
LARD— tierces quoted at 6%c per Ib
for compound and e^c for pure; palls. 7%c;
California tierces, s>4c per. n> for compound
and 6tyj for pure; half-barrels, 6V4c; 10-R>
tins, 7Wc; do 5-tb. 7%c. -.-■
COTTOLENE— Tierces, BVi^Hc : packaces,
less than r/0 Ir.r— l-tb palls. CO in a case. B%c;
3-lt> palls. 20 in a case. B%c; 5-tV palls. 12 in a
case. 8»4c; 10-Ib pails. 6 in a case. Bttc;'so-lb
tins, one or two In a case, 7%c; wooden buck
ets, 20 lbs lie', Tlic; fancy tubs, 80 tbs net. 7%c;
half-bbls. about 110 lbs, V/je per !b.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPR
All descriptions remain as previously quoted.
Trade Is fair. . ' .' ' '■■ .
, HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
lc under ■ sour.i stock. ' Heavy '• salt'Vl ' utters,
10\i@llc; medium, 9%c; light, 9@9%c; Cowh'dos.
yij-y'/zc; stags,* 6®6%c; salted Kip, ; 10c; calf,
lie; dry Hides. 17®17Hc; culls and brands, 13V4
©Me; dry Kip and Veal, 14@15c; Ary Calf, 1810
20c; culls, 16@17c; Goatskins, 20@37%c earh;
X ids, 6® 10c ; Deerskins, good summer, 25@30c
per Ib; medium. 20c; winter. 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20^30c each; • short wool. 40@70c
, each; • medium, 70@90o; long wools, + 90c@U SO
each. ■ •- 1 - . •■-;••■ • ■ ■ ■ '' : ''■'•"■.■ "' ;
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. S@3%e per It); No.
2. 2@2He;; refined, sa; Grease. ;2@a*e. . * ' «_« _
WOOL— Fall Middle counties— free, 100
13o; do- defective, 10©llo: •» San Joaquln. defect
ive, 7©90; > Southern ' Mountain, 9011 c; - free
Northern, 12@13c; do defective, 9@llc; Hum
boldt and Mendocino, 18(&15c; Eastern Oregon,
9(j7'l3c; Valley Oregon, 16@lSc.
HOPS— OId crop, 2@6c for poor to fair and 8@
10c for good; new crop, lliSMVic per It>.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 1898 delivery,
5%@5%c; Wool Bags. 27@30c; San Quentln,ss 30.
COAL— Wellington, $10 per ton; New Wel
lington, $10; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 75; Wallsend. $9; Scotch, $10: Cumber
land, $10 in bulk and $11 50 in sacks; Pennsyl
vania Anthracite Egg, $15; Cannel, $10 per ton;
Rock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Val
ley, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
in sacks.
Harrison's Circular says: "Since the Ala
meda left the following vessels have arrived
from Australia, viz.: Kate Thomas, 2563 tons;
Benares. 2371 tons; Seminole, 1815 tons; Cam
buskenneth. 2929 tons; Prince Robert, 4140 tons;
Tamar. 3047 tons; Helen Denny, 1030 tons; Gen
eral Gordon, 2439 tons, and Inveramsey, 2295
tons; total, 22.629 tons. Each of the above car
goes was sold long prior to arrival, and came
to hand very opportunely, as nearly all of
them went directly to consumers who were
waiting for them. From December 27 to Feb
ruary 3 there were only two colonial arrivals
here with 6918 tons of coal, hence our yards
here were virtually bare of these grades, the
beginning of this month. Prior to May there
are ten vessels due, carrying about 23.000 tons,
being a very small amount to fill our re
quirements for the intervening time. The en
gagement list to carry- coal from Sydney and
Newcastle now foot up 52 vessels of a carry
ing capacity of about 134.000 tons. This evi
dences there has been very liberal chartering
going on within the past thirty days. This,
of course, has had a hardening influence on
rates, and has caused an advance of fully
Is 6d, as the last charter rate was 16s 6d from
Newcastle. If we should have seasonable rain*
within the next thirty days, thereby Insuring
us an average grain yield the coming harvest,
this would necessarily cause a weakness in all
inward freights from every source. This helps
to make buyers timid for the moment, as coal
freight would be the very first article to feel
the effect."
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed. e%c\ Powdered, 6%c; Dry,
Granulated, b%c: Confectioners 1 A, 5%c: Mag
nolia A, 5%c; Extra C, shic; Golden C, 5%c;
Candy Granulated, 5%c; California A, 5%c per
lb; half barrels 14c more than barrels, and
boxes %c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Another advance In Hogs Is reported. Me
dium are bringing the most money now and
extra large the least. Stock Hogs are not
wanted. Beef and Mutton rule firm. Spring
Lamb Is still scarce.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6V4@7e; second do, 5%@
6c; third do. 4(gsc per tt>.
VEAL— Large. 6@6V*>c; small, 7@7V4c per rt>.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%<gßc; Ewes. 7@7^c
per lt>.
LAMB— Spring, 12H@15c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4V«W4%e for large, 4\4
(§4^c for small and 4Vi*?4%c for medium;
stock Hogs, 3(§3Hc; dressed Hogs, 6@7c per lb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday. February 24.
Flour, qr sks ... 5,545 Hay, tons 220
Wheat, ctls 375 Hops, bales 73
Barley, ctls 3,995 Wool, bales 11
Butter, ctls 33n|Hldes, no 750
Cheese, ctls 291 Eggs, doz 18.360
Beans, sks 1,45$ Wine, gals 64,350
Potatoes, sks .... 3. 272 j Pelts, bdls 525
Onions, sks 168 Raisins, bxs .... 52
Bran, sks 306 Lime, bbls 240
Middlings, sks .. 2 ! Leather, rolls ... 138
Alfalfa Seed. sks. 11 iQuicksilver, flsk. 124
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 620 i
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 400 ;
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were not materially changed
yesterday, some being firmer and others
weaker.
On the, Bond Exchange there were the usual
changes. Contra Costa Water sold up to $65.
Ophir is assessed 25c.
The Dutch Mining and Milling Company of
Tuolumne County has declared Its sixth dlvt
dend at the rate of 5 cents per share, payable
February 28.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay the
regular monthly dividend of 40 cents per share
on March 15.
The Homestake Mining Company of South
Dakota will pay n monthly dividend of 25 cents
per share to-day.
At the annual meeting of the Daly Mining
Company of Utah, recently held, 102,597 of the
150.000 shares were represented, and R. C.
Chambers was re-elected president; Richard
Mackintosh, vice president; J. 13. Haggin,
treasurer; Thomas J. Almy, secretary. Messrs.
Chambers, Mackintosh and Haggin, with
Goorge M. Scott and David Keith, constitute
the board of directors. The company during
the past year marketed ore and bullion of the
value of 1171,471. distributed a dividend in the
sum of $37,500 and closed with a cash balance
amounting to $36,199. In addition to the cash
on hand, a supplemental statement showed that
among the assets were new material and stock
at the mine of the value of JI2.SS9, and at the
mill new material of the value of $13,154.
In the Savage Mining Company's ground on
the Comstock lode during the past week, on
the 130 level, main west drift has been cleaned
out and repaired a distance of 18 feet; total
length, 378 feet. Brunswick lode— East crosscut
No. 3 was advanced 16 feet; face in porphyry
with streaks of quartz giving low assays; total
length 60 feet. Incline shaft No. 1 has been
punk a distance of 16 feet; total depth, 1078
feet ; bottom In porphyry.
The official letter from the Justice mine for
the past week says: West crosscut No. 2,
started from the face of the south lateral
drift, was advanced 24 feet during the week,
making Its total length 109 feet; the face is in
quartz and clay. On the 55 level the north and
south drifts are advanced 16 and 24 feet, re
spectively, from the shaft. Work on this level
hns been temporarily discontinued, as we have
stopped hoisting ore until the present milling
Is finished. During the week we have hoisted
15 tons of ore. The car samples assay, gold
$21 25, silver $18 85; total, $40 10 per ton. We
have shipped 55 tons of ore to the Douglass
mill, which commenced milling our ore on the
19th lnst.. and has milled 25 tons. Battery
samples assay, gold $7 52, silver $12 81; total,
$20 33 per ton. Our process of milling is by
amalgamating In the batteries and catching
the gold on copper plates. The battery assay
represents the pulp which escapes from the
plates and is worked in pans. Hence the bat
tery assay does not show the full value of
the ore. as It does not include the gold held
In the battery and on the copper plates.
In the Belcher mine, on the 1200 level, the
north drift from the east crosscut from the
main north drift from the Incline is n«v in 95
feet. The east crosscut from the north drif/
on the same level Is out 11 feet; the face shows
a mixture of quartz and porphyry. On the 850
level the joint Crown Point and Belcher raise is
up S4 feet; the top is in quartz giving low as
says. There have been hoisted during the week
and stored In the orehouse at the mine 41
mining carlonds of ore, of the average mine
car sample assay of $19 83 per ton.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Feb. 24—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. — 52%
4s quar c0up.. 113% — Pac Gas Imp.. 91 91%
4s quar reg..112% — Pac LCo 54% 56
4s quar new... 125 — SFG & E 91 9114
Miscellaneous— San Fran .. 3% —
Cal-st Cab 55.115 Vi — Stockton Gas.. 10 —
Cal El 6s 126%— Insurance—
C C Wat 55.102%103% FirenVs Fnd... — 200
Dup-st ex c. — 98% Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65.. 128%— Anglo-Cal .... 64 —
F&Ch Ry 65. 119 — Bank of Cal.. 265 —
Geary -st R os. — 102 Cal SD & T.. — 99
HC & S 5%.. 105 — First Nat ....200 —
LAL Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & A. ..130 —
Do gntd 65.. 100 — Mer Exchnge.. — 15
Market-st 65.. — 130 Nev Nat 8...152% —
Do Ist M ss. 116 116V4 Savings Banks-
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 100 Ger S & L...1625 1665
N C Ngßy 75.101%103% Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 65..UU4 — Mutual Say. 35 40
NRy Cal 55.. 102 — S F Say U.. 470 —
NPC R R 65. 104% — S& L 50.... — 100
N P C Ry 55.101%102<4 Security S B 250 —
N Cal R 55.. — — Union T Co 950 —
Oak O;ts 55... 104 - Street Railroad-
Do 2d Is 55..110%112 California ....107% —
Ora Ry 6s 129\ — Geary 40 —
P & OBs 110 115 Market-Bt 54 —
P&Ch Ry 68.103U — Oak SL & H — —
Powell-st 65. ..119% — Presidio — 10
I Reno WL&L..IOO — Powder —
Sac ElecßySs. — 100 California 105 —
S F& N P 55.106Vi1065» E Dynamite .. — 90
SPof Ar 65.. 103 103^ Giant Con Co. 42 42\i
S P Cal 65. ...110 — Vlgorlt 3% 3%
SPC Is eg Ss.. — 99% Miscellaneous—
I S PHr 6s 112 — Al Pac Assn.. 96% 97%
! 8 V Wat 65. ..120^121 «er Ld Wks..lOO 150
' S V Wat «5... Ml 103'- Haw PI C 0... 20 —
Stock Gas 65.. 100 103% H C A- S Co.. 30 —
Water Hutch S P Co. 42 42»s
Contra Costa.. 64 % 65 Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Mat-In Co —50 - Nat Yin C 0... — 7%
I Spring Val ..101%101% Oceanic S Co. 58 59
Gas & Electric— Pac A F L.. 1% —
1 Cent Gaslight. 98% — Pac Bor C 0... 93%100
iME LCo 14 14% Par Paint Co. 7 —
MORNUfG SESSION.
8 Alaska Packers' Association 96 00
10 Contra Costa Water 61 00
13 do do 61 22 r >
25 do do 61 50
10 do di 62 00
W do do 62 25
180 Hutchlnson S P Co 42 50
90 do do 42 37^
20 Pacific Gas Imp 91 75
65 do do 91 50
5 do do 91 62*4
205 Spring Valley Water 10123
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 92 00
25 do do 91 50
25 do do 91 00
125 do do 9125
JlOfiP Spring Valley 4s Bond* 103 00
$5000 Spring Valley 6s Bonds 120 23
$1000 S P of A Bonds 103 25
20 Vlgorlt Powder 3 62^
AFTERNOON SESSION.
20 Contra Co6ta Water 63 50
10 do do 63 75
10 do do 64 00
10 do do 64 25
10 4o do 64 50
10 io do 64 75
18» do do 85 00
100 Giant Powder Con 43 25
i 100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 30 00
150 Hutchinson S P Co 42 25
100 do do 42 37V,
10 Hana Plantation Co 20 00
60 Market-street Railway 54 00
35 Pacific Gas Imp 9100
165 S F Gas & Electric Co 9100
15 Spring Valley Water 10125
$2000 S F & N P Ry Bonds 106 50
J6OOO do do 106 25
20 Vigorit Powder 3 75
Street—
J4OOO Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonds 102 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session— lo:3o.
10 S F Gas & Electric 91 75
25 Hutchinson S P Co 42 50
Street—
20 Giant Powder 42 00
20 S F Gas & Electric 92 00
Afternoon Session — 1 :30.
50 Mutual Electric Light 14 25
50 do do 14 3714
i 100 Oceanic Steamship Co 58 50
I 15 Contra Costa Water 63 00
j 10 do do 63 50
$2000 Market-street 5s 116 12^4
Street—
25 Market-street 53 S"^
100 Hutchinson S P Co 42 25
25 Giant Powder ' 42 25
60 Contra Costa Water 62 25
BOARD SALES.
Following were the sales In the San Fraa
clsco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session — 5:30.
100 Belcher 23is*i Hale & Norcrs.l 50
100 Best & Belchr.. 37 ICO Justice 35
300 Con Cal & Va.. So ICO Savage 26
50 Gould & Curry.. 20 1
Afternoon Session.
TOOAlta 1G 100 Ophir 47
100 Andes 11 WH) Overman 06
300 Belcher 23 200 Potosi 18
200 Best & Belcher. 39 200 Sierra Nevada.. 98
200 Con Cal & Va.. 85 50 Union Con 35
100 86 100 36
300 Crown Point ... 12 200 Yellow Jacket... 22
200 Mexican 33
Following- were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session— lo:3o.
400 Alta 18 300 Justice 34
800 17 ] 400 Mexican 32
700 Belcher 23 »00 Overman 06
♦00 Beet & Belcher. 33 200 Savage 27
JOO Caledonia 29 300 Sierra Nevada.. 97
200 Challenge 28 500 , 98
200 Con Cal & Va.. 86 200 99
300 85 JOO Union Con 37
300 Crown Point ... 12 SOO Yellow Jacket.. 23
JSO Gould & Curry.. 20
Afternoon Session.
500 Alta 16 200 Crown Point ... 12
W0 15 800 Lady Wash 02
300 14 700 Mexican 33
150 Belcher 23 500 Ophir 49
200- Best & Belcher. 3» 7uO Potosi 13
400 3V 800 S B & M 03
SOO Bullion Oli 200 Sierra Nevada.. 9S
400 Caledonia 3»> 600 100
300 31 , 300 9»
100 Con Cal & Va.. 3* l loo Union Con 3G
1500 Con Imp 01 [200 Yellow Jacket .. 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Feb. 24—4 p. m.
Alpha 03 05' Justice 32 33
Alta 16 17 Kentuck 02 03
Andes 10 12; Lady Wash ... — 03 I
Belcher 23 24JMexican 33 S. ;
I Best & Belcher 38 40 [Occidental 150 —
Bullion 06 07Ophir 47 49;
Caledonia 31 33 ! Overman 05 06;
I Chollar 35 37 I Potosi 18 19
Con Cal & Va. 87 S8 Savage 25 27
Challenge 24 26 Seg Belcher.... n3 0;.
Con Imperial.. — 0;. Scorpion 05 —
Confidence 69 75, Sierra Nevada. l 00 100 i
Crown Point... 11 12 | Silver Hill .... 03 04;
Con New York. — 02 Standard 155 —
Eureka — 25 Syndicate 02 —
Exchequer 02 03] Union Con 36 3i
Gould & Curry. 19 20 Utah 10 11
Hale & Norcrs.l 50 155 Yellow Jacket. 23 24
Julia 01 03
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Herbert E. Law to W. B. Eastin, lot on NE
corner of Green street and Van Ness avenue,
E 14:2, NW 27:2, S 23:2; $1100.
W B Eastin and (as trustees) George W . ,
and Mary S. Haight to Herbert E. Law, lot ;
on S line of Green street. 56:10 E of Van Ness ,
avenue. E 68:3. S 87:6. E 18. SW to S corner of ]
Laguna lot 11. NW 121.75; $1810.
Mary L. Stuart, Virginia H. Thlbault and
(as trustees) the estate of Elam and Clayton ;
Miller to Samuel M. Samter, lot on N line of
Broadway, 37:6 W of Octavia street, W 35 by
N 100; $10.
Samuel M. Samter to Virginia H. Thibault
and Mary L. Stuart, same; $10.
Julius and Sarah Levin et al. to William
Hinkel lot on W line of Laguna street, 50 N ,
of Bush, N 25 by W 87:6; $6597.
William Hinkel to Julius Levin, same; $10.
Murphy Estate Company to Nellie M. De
neen iwlfe of Jeremiah H. Deneen). lot on S
line of Green street. 11S:9 W of Fillmore, W
IS:* by S 100; $10.
Angelo Beretta to Delia Beretta, lot on N line :
of Sacramento street. 31:9 W of Steiner. W 29
by N 103; $10. j
C. E. and Janet Knickerbocker to Robert D.
Cranston, lot on E line of Cole street, 62:6 S
of Page. S 25 by E 106:3; $10.
Cornelius Martin to Frank A. Martin, lot on
W line of Chattanooga street, 130 N of Twenty
second. N 25 by W 125; $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Hannah Mc-
Donald (wife of Joseph McDonald), lot on E
line of Castro street, 126:6 S of Twentieth, S :
25 by E 105; $10.
Louis and Aidel L. Boutet to Joseph Peers,
lot on N line of Pacific street, 105 E of Tay
lor, E 20 by N 62:6; $10.
J. C. Bates to Dora L. Searle, lot on SE cor- ■
ncr of Hyde and Lombard streets, S 24:6 by E j
51:6; $23fi.
John Mahon to Annie Mahon. lot on NW
line of Clary street, 375 SW of Fourth, SW 25
by NW 80; gift.
David Hewes to Andrew Glassell, lot on NW :
line of Townsend street, 65:9 SW of Fourth,
SW 22.11 by NW 120: $10.
John Lloyd (assignee et. a!.) to Mountford
8 Wilson, lot on NW corner of Sixteenth
(Center) and De Haro streets, W 200, N 400,
E 100. S 200. E 100, S 200; $90.
Emilie M., Frederick E., John E. and Nel
lie C Mason to Bartlett and Charles. F. Doe,
lot on NW corner of Sixteenth (Center) and
De Haro streets. W 200. N 400, E 100, S 200,
E 100. S 200; also Potrero Nuevo 170, bounded
by Fifteenth (El Dorado), De Haro, Alameda
and Caroline, quitclaim deed: $10.
William H. Clary to Barlett Doe, etc., as
above, lot on NW corner of Sixteenth (Center)
and De Haro streets, W 200. N 400. E 100, S i
200. E 100. S 200; Potrero Nuevo, block 170;
alpo lot on NW corner of Fifteenth (El Do- ;
rado) and Kansas streets. W 18, N 29 degrees,
W 435:5, E 190. S 400; $10.
Emilie M.. Frederick E. John E. and Nellie
Mason to Ell'th Blackwood. etc.. as above, lot
on NW corner Fifteenth (El Dorado) and Kan
sas streets. W IS, N 28 degrees, W 435:5, E '
190, S 400: $10.
Celsus and Ida E. Brower to Ellen Walsh,
lot on S line of California street South or
Deetb, 82:6 W of Second avenue, W 25 by S
100: $io.
Caroline and Henry Finck to Julius Flnck.
lot on SW corner of Twenty-first avenue and
C street. S 285, W 120. S 30, E 120, S 255. W
240, N 600, E 240; $5.
Caroline Boughton to W. P. Smith, lot on E
line of Moscow street. 250 S of Brazil, S 50 by
E 100. Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Sarah and Timothy Giles to Thomas C.
Canfltfd, lot 199. Gift Map 3. situated on W
line of Lundys lane. 125 from Virginia, quit
claim deed; $700.
Alameda County.
Michael and Mary Butler to Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society, lot on W line of Union
street, 172:6 S of Twenty-fourth, S 39 by W '
115. Oakland; $250.
John and Nina Wemmer to William F. \
Lewis, lot on N line of Ninth street. 75 E of
Franklin, E 25 by N 100, being a portion of
block 120, Oakland; $10.
William F. and Albertine E. Lewis to John
Wemmer, lot on N line of William street. '
143:1% W of Wood. W 37:6 by N 100:7 H. being
lot 27 and the W half of lot 2S. block 32, lands
of Oakland Point Ferry landing. Oakland; $10.
San Francisco Mutual Loan Association to
Erneste C. and Sophie Gamp, lot on N line
of B street. 235 E of Haven. N 100. E 35. S 91:9,
SW 12. W 26:3 to beginning, block 802, Watts
tract, map 2. Oakland; $2750.
Phineas and Maria L. White to Cosmopolitan
Mutual Benefit and Loan Association, lot on j
NE line of Twenty-fifth street, 377 SE of Thir
teenth avenue. SE 35. NE 132.53. NW 35.68, SW
128.52 to beginning, being lot 32, Frost's Thir
teenth-avenue tract. East Oakland; $10.
Maggie Mcßride to Anne Bartlett (wife of H.
Bartlett). lot on S line of Forty-fourth street, .
90 W of Linden, W 50 by S 100, being lot 5,
block 2096, Alden tract, at Temeacal, Oakland
annex; $10.
Anne Bartlett to Henry E. Bartlett, same:
$10.
John O. and Lena Adler to Christina John
ston, undivided half interest in lot on N line
of Blackstone street, 143:6 Vi W of Lowell. W
50 by N 100. heinsj lots 6 and 7, map of plot .".,
and a portion of plot 6, Dohr tract, Berkeley
$10.
B. Kelsey to Georpre V. Lelanrt, lots 12 and
13, block 4. Graves and Taylor tract, Berkeley
(quit claim deed): $5.
Lester G. and Mary I. Burpee to Henry
Meyer. Lot -on W line of Second avenue. 17% fin
P of Orchard. S 50 by W 150, belncr lot 8. block
D, Stone trnct. Brooklyn township; $10.
P. W. Anderson to Alfred G. Strong, lot 10, '
In suMivislon O, Fruitvale Terminal tract, i
Brooklyn township; $10.
E. D. and T. R. Bassett to Joseph Bernard,
lot on W line of Brandon street. 33:6 N of :
Lloyd avenue. N 37:6 by W 100. being lot 25
and the M half of lot 26, block B, Fruitvale
Station tract. Brooklyn township: $10.
Charles N. and Mollie C. Champion to Helen
.G. Lockett. lot on S line of Clinton avenue. 196
E of Paru street. E 49 by S 150, being lot 9,
block Q, Oak Park. Alameda; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Dudley Talt (owner) with F. A. William*
(contractor): architect, E. R. Swain. All
work, except plumbing, for a three-story brick,
stone and wood building on the N line of Post ',
street, 161:10% E of Polk, E 24:4% by M 120;
$7777.
William Miller (owner) with D. Currle (con
tractor); architect. M. J. Welsh. AltPratlona
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners -without regard to nationality and
free of expense. .
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit tn«
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained «K ardln f
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of intertst to <van commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes i before
noon and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mara
SAS A "notice 'stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error, if anj, is
published the same day by t"e afternoon
papers, and by the mornins: Papers the follow
ing day W. S. HtiGHEb.
ing aay. L[eutenant r , s . w .. in charge.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
February. IS9B.
I We
Th.|
iFr.
Moon's
ISu. Moi
i
(5 7
13 11
20 21 i
27 28 I
8
15
I 33
1
3
10
17
M
!
5 [£*. Full Moon,
<Cz) Febti.
12 Quarter
— (S, Feb. U.
I 1 "\^ New Moon,
» (g Feb. 20.
| First Quarter,
«• Poh. 2S.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U- S. £.. m«
-hants 1 Exchange, San Francisco, February
OwinTto an accident to the apparatus. th«
time ball was not dropped to -^ da^. GHES>
Lieutenant. U. s". N- 1" cnarge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Lo^ r^ a 1 *™
at Fort Point. Entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by Official Authority of tha
Superintendent. • - _-_„- _«.
NOTE-The • high and low ate OT 2f c " r ho «
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort f Point.
the height of tide is the same at both places.
FEBRUABY-1898.
Friday. February 25.
Sun rises - 2 : jH
Sun sets «.'«'i 7
Moon Bets ll:2o p. M,
H VVi
[Time
IL~W
2:11
2:46!
5.1|
y:4T
111 I;
141 *
I
3.7!
s.-su
V:56
NOTE.— the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Tn*
second time column gives the second tide or
the- day. the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings, on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—) precedes the height
and then the number given is subtractlve from
the- devth Riven by the charts. -
BTBANERS TO ARRIVE.
Steameh.
ilia Wa11a....
ita Rosa
eklnaw
ssldenu j
iDlre ;
llineton '
)s Bay
te or Uai
eott
>preso
Seattle
Victoria and Pugret Sna...
San Dlesro
Tacoma
; Vaquma Bay
Coos Bay
! Departure Bay
Newport ....•
Portland
Hnmboldt
| Seattle
| Newport
I China and Japan
! Nanaimo
! Panama
San Uieg-o ...
Mexico ~
Victoria & Pueet Sna
Coos Bay _ ...-
Hum do id
i Portland ..:....
27
27
27
M
28
28
• 1
1
1
2
2
2
2
3
a
4
i
mer
ric I
:cr Jebsen... j
IDIIICO !
mona i
zaba
latDla ... .
■ata
rth Fora |
umoia i
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
STEAMER. | DESTIN-ATION'I
SAILS.
;scent C .
irliosa..
y Puebla
>mer
iPork
Rosa
ort...
lent. .
I Grays Harbor
Sydney .
Vie & P(?t Sna
Humboldt....
Portland
i Coos 8ay......
I Humboldt
Sax D1ee0....
Panama .:..'..
i Yaquina Bay.
I Alaska
! Alaska
] Alaska .*..
Newport.
(Portland
I Vie & P Sound
IHumbldt Bay.
i 25. 12 »l
25. 2pm
25.10 AM
25.10 AM !
26. 10 AM
26. 10 AM !
27. 9AM
28. 11 AM
28,12 M
28. 1 PM
28, 2 PM
• 1, 1; PM
•*!. 4 PM
■2. 9AM
• 2, 10 AM
' 2. 10 AM
2.10:80 AM
8, -t ph
4. 11 A*
Pier 7
Pier 9
! Pier 9
Pier 34
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 11
PM SS
Pier 3
Pier 13
Pi'er'il
Pier 24
Pier 9
Pier —
PM S3
Pier 11
muuA. I
ncla...'
'O j
Bay.,
of Cal !
a. Wlla ;
Itt
SHIPPING IN'TEI.L,IGE*CE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, February 14.
Stmr Bonlta, Nicolson, 74 hours from New*
port, etc.
Stmr Columbia. Goodall, 71 hours front
Portland and Astoria. p
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 25 horus fror V
Point Arena. '
Bktn S G Wilder, McNeil, 15 days from Horw
olulu.
CLEARED.
Thursday, February 24.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria and
Puget Sound; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Au9 stmr Burmah, Mikulichich, NanaimoJ
John Rosenfeld's Sons.
Br ship Clock, Mouatt, Cape Town; Georga
W McNear.
Schr Mary Gilbert, Sullivan, Prince Wll-*
Ham Sound; Geo W Ferine.
SAILED.
Thursday, February 24.
Stmr Pomona. Debney, San Diego.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Nanaimo.
Stmr Coqutlle River, Thompson, Fort Brags*
Haw bark Santiago, Johnson, Hllo.
Bktn Encore. Panno, Puget Sound. ■
Schr Newark, Beck, Bowens Landing.
Schr Mayflower, Olsen. «
Schr Lily. Bottsrer, T'mpqua.
Schr John A, Hellquist. Eureka.
Schr Mary Gilbert. Sullivan, Prince WU*
Ham Sound, via Seattle.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Feb. 24.— 10 p. m.— Weathei^
cloudy; wind, S: velocity, 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Aloha loads mdse for Hilo; Philip Nel
son, mdse, for Hamburg, £1.450.
The Tamar loads lumber on the Sound for
Port Pirie, 48s 9(5; D. H. Watjen. wheat at
Portland for Europe, 365; Agnes Oswald,
wheat at Tacoma. for Europe, 36s 6d.
The Pyrenees loads wheat for Europe, 25a j
La Escocesa. same business, owners' account.
The Invercoe was chartered prior to arri
val for wheat and barley to Europe, 32s 6d.
SPOKEN.
Oct 24— Lat 8 N. long 112 W, Br ship La
morna, hence Oct 1, for West Hartlepool.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 24— Schr
Maggie C Russ, hence Feb 12.
ASTORlA— Arrived Feb 24— Ship Henry VIV.
lard. from New York.
ASTORlA— Arrived Feb 24— Br ship Ross
shire, from Port Townsend; stmr State of
California, hence Feb 22.
ET'REKA— Arrived Feb 24— Schr Mary
Buhne. hence Feb 22.
El'REKA— Arrived Feb 24— Ptmr Weeott, ho
Feb 23.
YAQVINA BAY— Sailed Feh 24— Stmr Presi
dent, for San Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Feb 24— U S stmr C P
Patterson, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Feb 21-Schr Alton, hno
Jan 27.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Feb 23— Schr
Monterey, for Ventura.
HUENEME— Arrived Feb 24— Stmr West
port, from Redondo.
TACOMA— Arrived Feb 23-Sohr Zampa. frn
San Pedro.
TACOMA— Sailed Feh 24— Bark P B Cheny,
for San Frnncisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Feb 24— Schr Sadie, for
Umpqua.
CLALLAM— In bay Feb 24— Ship St Nicholas
fri.m Departure Bay. for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed Feb 23— Br ship Alice A
i Leigh, from Taoma. for Queenstown; ship
Columbia, from Tacoma. fnr San Franctsco;
bark Harvester, from Nanaimo. for San Fran
cisco; Nor bark Ellora. from Victoria, for .
. FOREIGN PORTS. ;
RIO DE JANEIRO— SaiIed Feb 24— stmr
Tartar, for Vancouver.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 24— Stmr Coptic,
hence Feb 3.
MONTEVIDEO— Feb 22— stmr
Teenkai, from Astoria, for St Vincent.
MAZATLAN— SaiIed Feb 23— Stmr Acapulco.
for San Francisco.
CORK— Arrived Feb 23— Br bark Glencaird,
hence Sept 25. ■ .
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Feb 23—
stmr. Empress of Japan, from Vancouver.
HULL— Arrived Feb 22— Br ship Loch Car
ron, i hence Oct 10. ,
GIRGENTI— Feb 15— Br bark Forth
bank, for Oregon.
HAMBURG— SaiIed Feb 19— Ger ship Ari
adne, for Santa Rosalia. "■• • , ;
DI'NGENESS— Passed Feb 24— Br ship Ar
racan, from Portland, for Queenstown.
; VICTORIA— Arrived ' Feh 21— Br stmr Amur,
from Borneo. . -'^s.y?^*6A«;* ■ •.
: KINS ALE— Passed Feb 24— Br ' ship . Glen
calrd, hence Sept 23, for Queenstown.
DUNKlßK— Arrived Feb 24— ship Cor
unna, from Tacoma.
' 'l< TRANS- ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
CHRISTIANIA— Arrived Feb 24— Stmr Hekl*
from New York. ! -^7BTr^grw%rtiqEMtft''W'»lU
; GENOA— Sailed - Feb s 24— Stmr : Kaiser Wll
helm 11. for New York.
•NAPLES— Arrived Feb 24— Stmr Alsatla, fm
New York. - • , ,
■STETTIN— SaiIed Feb 24— Stmr Norge, fnj^
New York. • . . .40
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Feb 24— Stmr
Nederland. from Antwerp. +■ . •
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 24— Stmr Karls
ruhe, for Bremen. -. .
CHERBOURG— SaiIed Ken 24— Stmr Havel
for New York. ■■ ' - :
: QUEENSTOWN-Salled Feb 24— Stmr Tea
tonic, for New York. ■ -,:•■■:OAKLAND'S RECALCITRANT COUNCILMAN
FLEES FROM AN INDIGNANT MOB
Major Woodward Seeks Safety Within the Walls of the City Jail to Escape
the Wrath of Outraged Citizens.
OAKLAND, Feb. 24.— At 10
o'clock to-night Councilman Wood
ward is in the City Prison, needing
protection of the bastile from the
threatened violence and indignation
of the mcb whom he has within the
past two hours voted to rob of over
$100,000 in the interest of the al
lied water companies.
The man, who has been prating
about his patriotism and loyalty and
love for the flap, yet who fell when
the first temptation offered, was ar
raigned to-night in language only as
Ing as it was true.
Mr. Cuvellier, Mr. Girard, Mr. Rowe
and the packed, indignant lobby
poured out the vials of their honest
indignation and Woodward sat and
squin
The crowd was well prepared to ex
- itself. This morning Mayor
Thomas sent Woodward a letter ex
. ng his indignation and demand
lng that the new Councilman either re
sign r rescind his action. It was re
markable that the Mayor, who sat by
ward last Monday night, took BO
long to discover that, in his own lan
i bomb had exploded," but a
deathbed repentance is perhaps better
than none at all.
Woodward was duped worse than
ev^r this afternoon, for he was per
suaded to sign a long, clever argument
In favor of the water companies, of the
contents of which he knew nothing.
He advanced it as "a defense," and it
•was worse than ridiculous and gave
away the identity of his ownership
worse than even his own vote.
When asked regarding some of his ar
guments Woodward could not say a
word and did not know what he had
■ig-ned. In the defense, which occu
pied four columns of an evening paper,
some of thr> arguments that had
used hy Watkinson of the Contra
i Company, and Dingee of the
Oakland company in the committee
rooms weeks before Woodward knew
he was to be placed in a position he
could disgrace. In his defense Wood
ward ignored the fact that the commit
tee had arranged a schedule that would
pay G per cr-nt and give the company a
bonus of $38,000, but went into details
of which he had no knowledge and
Showed by every paragraph that he
was not the author and that his signa
ture was a delusion.
The crowd had seen all this during
the day, and came to see themselves
surprised. And when <iirard got up
and said he had positive Information
that Woodward had given his type
writer the manuscript copy in hand
writing other than his own, and could
prove it, how that crowd did ye'l and
hiss. Girard challenged Woodward to
deny it, and the challenge was not ac-
cepted.
The meeting opened with a full at
tendance >>f < ''iiincilmen, and Mr.
Cuvellier opened the ball by stating
SOME COUNCILMEN OF WHOM OAKLAND IS NOT PROUD.
v<»sterday Morning the Call Published a Picture of Five Councilmen With the Caption, "Five Men of Whom Oakland Is
Proud But There Are Others," To-day It Presents the "Others."
that under the rules of the Council he
wished to make a few remarks relating
to "the good of the city." He lost no
time in a preamble , but plunged into
his subject at once.
"Gentlemen of the Council, I desire
to speak of the action of the Council
taken last Monday night when a water
resolution was passed which will have
the effect of robbing the people of this
city of a vast sum of money — certainly
not less than $100,000. Last Monday
night I was so surprised at the outrage
that I could not speak, but to-night I
have recovered from that disgraceful
shock and wish to go on record in this
highway robbery affair.
"While we were discussing this mat
ter in 'committee one member of this
Council came to our meetings and was
very anxious that we should not make
a mistake. He told us to beware of the
two water companies, as he was ac
customed to them. He (Brosnahan)
told us that he had been forced to
fight the money and influence of the
water companies in his own ward, and
that they had tricks at command of
wT.i<h no one knew but an old hand.
This was told us because we were sup
posed by this gentleman to be young
at the business. Now, then, what are
we to think? This man voted last
Monday night as the water company
wanted him to. We expected no sup
port from some members of the Coun
cil, but when this one deserted us we
felt like Caesar when he was stabbed
by his friend Brutus.
"Now, then, I want to refer to the
new member, and to address myself
rather personally to him. I read in the
papers that Mr. Woodward said that
if he made an error last Monday night
THE MOB BESIEGING OAKLAND'S CITY HALL.
by his • vote it was a mistake of
the head and not of the heart, and I
believe him and shall continue to do so,
till he himself persuades me that his
own statement is false. I have here
from The Call two statements par
alleled. One credits Mr. Woodward last
Friday with this remark: 'I am in fa
vor of a public park for this city, and
believe that the City Council should do
everything possible to encourage prog
ress. I go into office without a single
string on me, and can be counted on
the side of the people. I intend that
my record as a Cc/uncilman shall be
as clean as my record as a soldier. I
have not yet studied water rates, but
I'm for the people.' The other makes
him say last Tuesday: 'I have studied
water rates for twenty-six years. I
have nothing to say in defense of my
vote other than that I believe that I
have done my duty, and, knowing such
to be the case, there is no power on
earth that can change me.'
"I presume these interviews are cor
rect." (Mr. Woodward squirmed as
sent.) "Now, then, Mr. Woodward
poses as a member of the Grand Army
and I hope he is sincere. I shall be
lieve so unless he to-night proves to me
THE BAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1898.
THOMAS DENOUNCES WOODWARD.
MAYOR'S OFFICE, CITY HALL.
OAKLAND, Cal., February 24, IS9B.
E. W. Woodward, Councilman of Fifth Ward, Oakland, Cal.— Dear
Sir: On the 18th inst. I appointed you as Councilman to represent the
Fifth Ward of this city, and also to represent the people of the entire
city as well. You accepted the position and assured me at the time
that you would endeavor at all times to act for the best interests of
the people.
When the resolution fixing water rates was presented to the Coun
cil on last Monday night, it came like a bomb shell into a sleeping
camp, and the shell exploded when the vote was taken, and your vote
was cast for the resolution. Surprise, disappointment and indignation
filled my mind, and the minds of the people feel outraged at the action
taken, and I now appeal to you to rescind your action (it Is not too
late) and to save the people, and I urge you to do this. I do not wish
to dictate to any member of the Council how he should vote on any
proposition but I ask you in the name of the people in this city to do
what I believe to be the right thing as herein indicated and
correct the wrong now. It seems you hold the key to the situation —
use it. Very respectfully, -W. R. THOMAS,
Mayor of the City of Oakland.
that he is not. Mr. Woodward, I speak
to you now as to a new member who
cannot know so much as I and my col
leagues do. You have here to-night a
chance to show that you were in error
the other night, and that you are really
what you said you were — without
strings.
"Now I wish to offer you a resolu
tion. It is to rescind the action of last
Monday so that this matter can at
least be discussal. I am aware that
we are in the minority or were last
Monday night, and I know that only
by the courtesy of at least one of the
gentlemen who voted for the resolution
last Monday can this resolution pass.
It does not commit anybody to a final
vote, but I appeal especially to^ the
new member to vote with us that we
can at least rescind the hasty and, in
my opinion, wicked work done last
Monday night. Mr. Woodward, as a
man, as a gentleman and as a soldier,
I ask for your vote as a pure courtesy."
Then the vote was taken, and, as
usual, Upton, Rowe, Pringle, Cuvellier
and Girard voted* honestly. llenne
berry, Watkinson, Earl and Heitman
voted for the water companies, and
Major Woodward hesitated a brief mo
ment. It was a struggle between the
man and the coward, and the enormous
lobby and his brother Councilmen lis
tened in breathless silence to the new
member's vote. It would not have
committed him. It meant nothing but
an act of decency to at least reopen
the discussion. W. J. Dingee of the
Oakland Water Company was stand
ing behind Woodward. The new mem
ber turned around and shook. He saw
the eye of his master and realized that
not even this little bit of freedom was
to be granted him. The strings were
too tight. The man was sacrificed, and
a sound thnt resembled a short groan
indicated that Woodward had been un
faithful. All this happened in two sec
onds, but it semed like twice that num
ber of minutes.
Then the crowd spoke. It would be
more proper to say it broke loose:
"Traitor!" "Hang him!" "Tar and
feathers!" "Boodler!"
These yells and a host of others were
hurled at the squirming Councilman.
Bedlam reigned and President Pringle
rapped in vain for order. No one heard
him, and the hissing and hooting could
be heard for blocks away.
When it subsided some one called
out: "Take his Grand Army button
off!" A chorus of hisses followed while
Woodward wriggled in his chair, look
ing at his feet.
The new member was really to be
pitied. He had pledged himself that
his record as a Councilman should be
as spotless as his record as a soldier,
and there he sat with the water com
panies' hired men beside him and the
taxpayers of the city yelling and hoot
ing at him and denouncing him in the
most pronouTiced language.
The council chamber has been the
scenes of many uproars, but none such
as this. It was not without provoca
tion that they yelled. That vote of the
man "without strings" had cost the
city a large fortune, a big portion of
which will come out of poor men's
pockets und go into the treasuries of
the water companies to help pay for
just such an exhibition of disloyalty
to the people as occurred to-night.
After this refusal to take up the
matter, Councilman Henneberry, with
matchless effrontery, produced from his
pocket a copy of the water companies'
resolution that was rushed through
last Monday night. "I understand that
the City Attorney has said that our
Job of last Monday night is not legal,"
said Henneberry, "so I propose to get
at It another way. I now offer this as
an amendment to the ordinance of the
committee that has been called for final
passage."
President Pringle was surprised at
the boldness of the move to upset the
honest ordinance and bolster up the
jobbery of last Monday at one swoop,
and decided that such a step was out of
order. He said it should, under the
rules, go to the proper committee. Here
Heitmann, who has trained with the
water companies for years, said that
it could be done by taking it section
by section and offering each as an
amendment. By this underhanded
method the people's ordinance was de
feated piece by piece, and the allied
companies completed their job.
Brosnahan repeated his old speech
that he was votin gwith the water
companies' men out of nique because
his pet measure, the ordinance grading
liquor licenses, had been defeated, but
nobody believed him. ' Heitmann made
a complete wreck of his argument. He
mi^g^k speech attempting to show
f?iat the. rates of the poor man were
reduced about 10 cents a month. He
was shouting out this fact when Gi
rard called his attention to the fact
that the companies' ordinance took off
ten cents in one place and added
thirty-five cents for a water closet,
added something for washing win
dows, doubled the lawn charges, made
a charge for a bath, and actually
doubled the existing rate.
When he heard Girard's figures
Heitmann saw that the subterfuge was
no good, and quickly subsided while
the crowd hissed him. As every sec
tion was voted on the ayes and noes
were the same, and when Woodward's
vote was recorded that big crowd
hissed and reviled him till the ghost of
Judas Iscariot, If he were within hear
ing, must have felt he had company.
When the section providing for pay
ing 3 cents for each child at the public
schools was brought up Mr. Rowe
made another appeal to Woodward.
"We pay for our children at home,"
said Mr. Rowe, "and when they are
at school they are not drinking water
at two places and yet we are called
upon to vote this money to the com
pany.
"Mr. Woodward, I will say for your
benefit that we discussed this matter
in committee, and after being very
liberal to the water companies we al
lowed them a good percentage and a
small fortune more. We carefully
went over the figures and heard testi
mony till' there was nothing more to
investigate, and did our duty I believe
intelligently and I know conscien
tiously."
But this appeal to Woodward's rea
son was as useless as to his manhood,
honor and citizenship. The companies
pulled the string and the figure moved
with unfailing regularity. And every
time Woodward did the bidding of the
companies that crowd hissed, yelled
and reviled him.
When all the section had been sub
stituted and the job completed it was
seen that the following additional
charges had been saddled upon the peo
ple: Twenty-flve cents upon the rate
payers for every closet and 35 cents
for every bathtub. The charge for ir
rigating lawns is raised from 3 to 5
mills per square yard, and at least $1 20
must be paid to the companies from
this source. The rate for public and
private schools is raised from 1 cent to
3 cents per pupil. The following ad
ditional increases are made: For each
horse kept in livery-stable, from 20 to
25 cents; for each cow, from 10 to 15
cents; for water to make mortar, from
10 to 15 cents per 1000 bricks; to slack
lime, from 10 to 15 cents per barrel; for
water to settle earth, from 3 to 5 cents
per cubic yard. Meter rates are about
doubled, being raised from 20 cents to
about 40 cents a thousand gallons, and
the lowest amount to be paid per
month by meter rates is raised from
$1 25 to $1 50.
The fire hydrant charge is made $3 50
a month instead of $2 25, and the city,
instead of the water company, must
pay for the hydrants and cost of set
ting. The following additional charges
are also made: For water used for
washing sidewalks, fronts of buildings
and windows of stores, 1 cent for first
twenty lineal feet and one-half cent
for each additional lineal foot.
As the details of the steal were laid
bare by Mr. Girard and Mr. Rowe the
crowd groaned and hissed more and
more, until sometimes for more than
a couple of minutes there was pande
monium.
Before consummating the job by
taking a final vote on the ordinance
as amended Girard made a speech.
"I want to express my opinion of my
late comrade, Mr. Woodward. I call
him comrade no more," he said.
"He said the other day he had no
strings on him. He told the truth.
He. is bound by ropes, not strings.
They are ropes of gold and they may
yet lead the way to San Quentin.
He has disgraced our Grand Army.
He has disgraced his comrades. He
should take that honored button off
his traitorous breast and he should
not be permitted in the company of
honest men.
"Mr. Hennebery said I was not re
sponsible for my actions. He told the
truth. I am not responsible to any
water company. I am not responsible
to any man's gold. I am not bound by
ropes. Thank God I am free and have
not disgraced my G. A. R. badge, which
1 earned honorably."
When Girard sat down the crowd ap
plauded and then some one cried
"Woodward" and instantly the ap
plauding turned to groans and hisses.
As the vote proceeded Woodward voted
as the string was pulled. Then came
the final outburst of wrath and denun
ciation and the Council adjourned.
The crowd waited outside for Wood
ward and when he appeared he was at
once surrounded and hustled while the
night air was filled with imprecations.
Between two bodyguards Woodward
was escorted along Washington to
Thirteenth to avoid the crowd. But
the crowd was in no humor to be avoid
ed and followed closely.
Along Thirteenth to Broadway went
the hooting procession, increasing in
numbers as it proceeded. At Broad
way it moved up again to Fourteenth,
and Woodward started in the direction
of his home out New Broadway. He
had only gone a few yards when the
crowd surged so that he realized that
the irate citizens were not keeping out
of bed altogether for fun.
There is a candy-store near Four
teenth and Telegraph that runs into
San Pablo avenue. Mr. Woodward
spied that candy-store and rushed
through it with his bodyguard, hoping
to avoid the crowd, but he was un
successful.
Then occurred a sight never be
fore seen in Oakland. Woodward
saw that safety lay in the City Pris
on. He started to run and his in
furiated escort gave chase. There
was a hustle as the pursued and
pursuer dashed through the City
Hall Park. Finally Woodward
rushed into the City Prison and the
iron gate was locked to prevent the
mob from following.
When the crowd had nearly dispersed
F. J. Moffitt drove up with a hack and
Woodward was driven home.
The legal aspect of the case is now
interesting. The resolution passed last
Monday night was not rescinded, but
is superseded by the ordinance passed
to print to-night, which is identically
the same. The ordinance, however,
will be printed five days, and must
then be passed again, after which it
requires the signature of the Mayor.
Oakland will in a few days see whether
her Mayor be any more loyal than the
new Councilman he so roundly de
nounced this afternoon over his signa
ture.
MR. BULL WILL
JUDGE THE DOGS
Great Preparations Made for
the Opening of the New-
Coursing Park.
Splendid Prizes Tempt Leashmen
to Enter High-Class Orey
hounds.
The Interstate Coursing Club, with I. F.
Halton secretary, will hold its inaugural
meeting on Saturday on the grounds of
the Union Coursing Park Association, in
San Mateo County, and it is expected
that an immense crowd of leashmen and
the lovers of the grand old sport of cours
ing will witness the first rundown of an
exceedingly large stake.
Although the weather looks threaten
ing the club is in hopes of having a fine
day for its opening, but whether it rains
or shines the meeting will be held.
The new park is beautifully situated.
The grand stand, which has cost con
siderable money to construct, will accom
modate several thousand people and a
magnificent view of each course may be
obtained from any seat under its roof.
The park itself has been pronounced per
fect by experts for coursing, as tne
land is springy and just sufficiently soft
to enable the dogs to fly over it without
sustaining any injury to their feet.
The hares now in the paddocks have
been fed on corn for some days and it is
expected that they will give a first-class
account of themselves when they are
called upon to speed for their lives to
ward the escape, which will be at least
one mile from the place where the dogs
are slipped.
The English judge. Mr. Bull, will be in
the saddle on Saturday. Among the local
leashmen there is much interest manifest
ed in what they expect will be somewhat
of a change in the American style of
judging courses.
It will be rather severe on Mr. Bull to
judge two days' meetings immediately
following his arrival from England, but
the club is determined to carry out its
programme at all hazards and as a mat
ter of fact a large crowd will be on hand
to see how the new broom sweeps.
Passengers to the new park must take
the San Francisco and San Mateo line of
electric cars, which will land them within
a very short walk of the coursing sward.
By taking the Mission street cars trans
fers will be issued at Fourteenth street
to the new line.
The principal races to be decided are
the John Grace challenge cup, the Belle
Brandon challenge cup and the Union
Park derby. The first prize in the race
for the John Grace cup amounts to the
very respectable sum of $630, the second
prize is $315, the third and fourth $125, the
fifth, sixth and seventh $55 and six more
prizes of $30 each are given. The prizes
in the race for the Belle Brandon cup
amount to $170, the first prize being $85.
The first prize in the Union Park derby
is $120, and there are three others
amounting to $120.
The following dogs have been drawn for
the John Grace challenge cup:
R. E. de Lopez's Waratah and E. V.
Sullivan's Pretender; Al Austin's Doug
las and Simmon & Donohoe's Rusty Gold;
Curtis & Sons' Chartist and Joseph
Dean's Connemara; Scott &. Glasson's
Magic and R. L. Lee's Coralie; Simmons
and D's Mountain Beauty and E. S. Hel
ler's Fear Not; George Whitney's Theron
and Joseph Dean's Moondyne;
Skylark and J. Kerrigan's St. Lawrence;
R. E. de Lopez's Carmen and William
Murphy's Sportsman; John Perigo's
Wayfarer and J. H. Roach's Metallic;
Curtis & Sons' Cavalier and Hy Kleve
sahl's Arapahoe; Kay & Trant's Diana
and Burtels Bros." Blackstone; Kay &
Trant's Silvia and W. Doyle's Mission
Tip; Curtis & Sons' Blackette and S. W.
Smith's Sans Souci; Dr. Van Hummel's
Van Cloie and Dr. Van Hummel's Chit
Chat; E. V. Sullivan's Royal Buck and
H. H. Dem's Gilt Edge; E. V. Sullivan's
False Flatterer and C. C. Griswold's
Lord Byron; Curtis & Sons' McKinley
and E-. V. Sullivan's Mercy May; C. C.
Griswold's Jimmy Cork and Larkey &
Rocks' Right Bower: S. E. Portal's Gal
lagher and J. H. Rossiter's Santa Alicia;
M. G. Eyre's Theodora and N. H.
Spring's Pat Malloy; J. J. Warren's
Sweet Lips and J. H. Rossiter's Emm
Pasha; T. Butler's Susie and J. R. Dan
dress' Sam; Curtis & Sons' Rosette and
J. F. Haltus' Mountain Lassie; J. Kane's
Spry and W. E. Thompson's Patna; R.
E. de Lopez's Green Valley Maid and P.
B. Butler's Minnie Ha Ha; E. V. Sulli
van's Fly Buck and J. H. Rossiter's Firm
Friend; H. H. Devlne's Forget-me-not
and Kay & Trant's Eclipse; E. V. Sulli
van's Jester.
The dogs entered for the Belle Brandon
challenge cup are the following:
E. V. Sullivan's Shooting Star and John
Egan's Sunbeam; E. V. Sullivan's Flash
and J. F. Holton'a Tic Tack; J. H. Ros
siter's Riot Act and E. V. Sullivan's Snap
Shot; J. H. Rossiter's Rich and Artless
and Scott & Co.'s Daisy Dean; John
Egans Billy Gladstone and William
Quay's Marietta; E. V. Sullivanls Royal
Glen and J. H. Rossiter's Robin Adair;
J. F. Weymier's One Spot and Larkey &
Rock's Minerva.
The drawing of the Interstate Coursing
Club for the Union Park derby consists
of the following dogs:
B. Dougherty's Palmer Hill and J. H.
Rossiter's Rcy Alfonso; Crusader and
E. V. Sullivan's Fly Away; E. V. Sulli
van's Mira Monte and E. V. Sullivan's
War Cloud; R. E. de Lopez's Arab and
Bartels Bros.' Bonanza; H. M. W.
Springs' Master Jack and J. Perigo's
Belle Sware; Simmons & Du's Pastime
and Joseph Dean's Gladiator; R. E. de
Lopez's Quiver and Fred Herin's Razor
Blade: E. V. Sullivan's O'Grady and R.
Strahle's Star Pointer.
The total amount given in prizes will
amount to $1950 for two days' racing and
for the first race fifty-five dogs are
entered. The inauguration of the new
club promises to be most successful and
will give a needed impetus to the sport
of coursing.
Phoenix Club.
The Phoenix Republican Club will meet
to-night at Scottish Hall for the purposf
of electing officers for the ensuing year.
There will also be several addresses by
prominent speakers.
AUCTION SALES.
MAGNIFICENT FURNITURE.
THIS DAY.
FRIDAY FEBRUARY 25, 189S
At 11 a. m.
CORNER OF POST AND HYPE STREETS.
ELKGANT PARLOR. CHAMBER, Lir.RAKY,
DINING-ROOM AND KITCHEN
FURNITURE.
Pon't Miss This Sale.
FRANK W. HUTTEKFIELD. (iP2 Mnr'n-n Bt.
THE FROZEN NORTH.
Lieutenant Peary Will Give Some!
Valuable Information Regard
ing It Next Sunday.
At the Baldwin" Theater next Sunday
night Lieutenant R. E. Peary will deliver
his farewell lecture upon his adventures
in northernmost Greenland and while
upon his recent expedition in search of
the north pole.
The explorer has already given two
lectures here, and so successful were they
that hundreds of requests poured in upon
him asking for at least another one.
Among the requests were some calling,
for the lieutenant's views upon matters
appertaining to the outfitting necessary
for one who intends to travel northward.
These requests have come from people
who have a trip to the Klondike In view,
and it is quite unnecessary to state that
the explorer's talk upon the subject would
be most beneficial to them. He has con
sented to include this subject among the
others upon which he is to speak at th«i
coming lecture. He has had no end of
experience with dog teams and sledges,
and will impart some very valuable in
formation regarding the rapid little ani
mals in reference to their training, feed
ing, habits and endurance. His many
months spent among the glaciers has
made him an authority upon the dress
ing necessary for that country, and ho
will dwell upon the various equipments
which will be found necessary for a trip
north. His ideas regarding matters of
food for cold climates are most impor
tant. He can tell what to take, how to
pack it and how to cache it to protect it
against the elements. The lecture will
have a very interesting feature in the 100
superb lantern views to be exhibited.
These views arc from photographs taken
by the explorer on his last expedition in
the north and are most valuable for illus
tration purposes.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Feb. 24. — Mrs. Mary
Welcker of 2244 Bancroft way was badly
injured about the head yesterday by
jumping off an electric car on Shattuck*
avenue. Mrs. Welcker was frightened at
the report caused by the burning of tha
electric fuse, and in her excitement she
jumped from the rapidly moving car, re
ceiving her injuries in the fall.
Professor W. H. Hudson will address
the Philosophical Union at the university
to-morrow evening on "Great Men ana
Their Environment?."
With the introduction of water meters
in Berkeley, as required by the Board of
Town Trustees, the Alameda Water Corn
pa ny will require of all consumers an ad
vance payment of $5, to be repaid in
water receipts.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 24.— Oeorge Bacon.,
aged 19. and Grace Nichols, aged 16.
both of thi3 city, were married last even-
W M Moller, a shipmaster of this city,
is insolvent, with debts of $3144 99 and as
sets of $3339 20, subject to mortgage for
$1504 55
The police have found a bicycle which
was evidently abandoned by some thief
on Park street recently. The owner can
have it by proving property at the police
station. .^^____^^_^^_
/*\Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
m-tfhJHt <>-'"» KEABXT ST. Established
B*if*Min 1*34 for the tn-iitmpnt of Private
BP lY^mK Diseases, Lost Man hood. Debility or
HttS^Bt ease earing on bodyand mind an 3
OfIHVRS Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswheu
H others fall. Try him. Charges low.
i^WHHaBH guarantees!. Callorwrite.
Or. J. V. «.IBBON. Rex 1957. San Francisco.
: ■ —— —^—^^^
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
' Steamers leave ■ ' Broadway wharf, J3fcjSJoL>
Fan Francisco, as follows: rffiffMg
For ports In Alaska. 10 a. m., Feb. 5, 10, 20.
25, and every. fifth day thereafter. ••■ .
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
Naw Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.), 10
a. m.. Feb. 5, 10, 15, 20, 25. and every fifth day
thereafter, connecting at Seattle with com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at
Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver with
C. P. Ry-
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), steamer Ho-
mer. 10 a. m.. Feb. 13, 19. 25. March 3, 9. 15.
21, 27, and every sixth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon. Cm-
yucos. ' Port Harford : (San Luis Oblspo). Gavl-
ota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, San
Pedro,- East San Pedro ■ (Los Angeles) an<)
Newport, .9 a. m., Feb. 2. 6. 10, 14, 18, 22. M.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), It
a. m.. Feb. 4, 8. 12. 16. 20. 24. 28, and every
fourth day thereafter. _ - - -
- For Ensenada, Magdalen* Bay, San Job* del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Pa*. Santa Ro-
salia and Guaymas (Mex.) 10 a. m., ' March I.
April 8, and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right ■to Chang*
without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
and hour* of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— Palace Hotel, 4 N»»
Montgomery st. .- . - ■ • " ■
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agta..
•. 10 Market et., San Francisco.
the 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST ■ STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
f From Spear-street . Wharf at 10 a." m.
CiDP *12 First Class Including Berth
rAKC . $ 8 Second Class and Meals.
• ■ SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: .
Columbia Feb. 26. Mar. 6, 14. 22, 30
State of California.... i Mar. 2. 10, 18, 28
..:. . . . First Class. Second Class.
St. Paul .". .....J37 no $26 00
Chicago ......$43 50 $32 50
. F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
. . • 630 Market st.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO..
• '"■■ Superintendents.
PBfßaAllfl The S.S. MARIPOSA
nEßllirsalla via HONOLULU-
•t* Ba ""*»an<l . AUCKLAND for
y ™ .^-—^ SYDNEY, Friday. Feb-
SlMircnin J TU i^s: zealakdi'a.
Q^CaillJllll/ for HONOLULU, only,
/SfflfidlUH Saturday. March' l2. at
\v/]liyuitq 2 p. m. Special party
• • ' rates. " ' . -
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia; and CAPH
TOWN, South Africa.
JD SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
, 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market st., San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique,
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 North -j>£a»
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <ya^
by I this lfne ! avoid both transit .by «"^™™»
English railway and the discomfort' of crossing
the channel in a small -boat. New - York to
Alexandria.. Egypt, via Paris, first class $160;
second class $116. .....'.... March's. 10 a. m.
T a rsRETAGNE March 5. 10 a. m.
LA-GASCOGNE ..March 12. 10 a. m.
NOHMAMDIE March 19, 10 a.' m.
LA CHAMPAGNE.... ....... ..March 26, 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE...:.. April 2.10 a.m.
• For further particulars FORGET. Agent.
i : No. 3. Bowling Green, New York.
J. :F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco. , ■ . ~J -
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St., at 3
•*-• p. m. Daily.
' FREIGHT RECEIVED. UP TO 5:30 P..M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
* The only line gelling through tickets and giv-
ing through freight rates to all points on the
.Valley Rallroad... s>fEAMERS:
T C WALKER.- CITY OF STOCKTON.
MARY GARRATT, J. D. PETERS. .^
-Telephone Main SO5. Cal. Nay. and Impt Co.
for San Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
' Steamer Alviso ■ leaves Pier; 1 daily^ (Sundays ;.
excepted) at 10 a. • m. ; Alviso dally (Saturdays .
excepted) at 5 p. •m. t Freight and Passengers.
Fare between San r Francisco and Alviso. 50c;
to San Jose. 75c. • ttreet; Pier 1. . 41 North
First street. ■ San Jose. :,■■;.,:>:
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
• ■■■'-'• ■.» Steamer " Monticello" ■
Will He up to receive new boiler and general
overhauling yon February 1, and resume her
route on March 1. ■■_ HATCH BROS. _
1314
TODD DONS HIS
RIDING CLOTHES
Past the Wire Astride
Three Winners and
Three Times Placed.
johnny Woods on Morinel
Beat Out Ostler Joe and
Howard Mann.
Four Purses Went to First Choices
Traverser and Trolley Indulged
in an Exciting Finish.
With overhanging clouds that threat
ened to let loose raindrops as big as
■watermelons, sloppy going and all,
Todd Sloan made his reappearance in
the saddle again at Ingleside yesterday
and scored a pronounced hit. The mid
get rider was past the wire first on
three occasions and thrice rode horses
that finished second. Hts ride on the
back of "Pa" Bradley's fast colt Trav
erser was a rare gooxJ piece of saddle
•work, and he was very prominent at
the sensational wind-up to the mile
and a furlong run captured by the
eweet filly Morinel. Todd has evidently
unpacked his English rid4ng clothes,
and from this time forth will have the
"gang wid "im."
Although the betting ring did not
contain a very large or enthusiastic
crowd of speculators, the spart was
much above the average. Bettors were
more than ordinarily successful In
beating the books, as four of six well
played choices galloped back after the
finishes and stood with their riders in
the charmed circle before the judges'
stand. The track was sloppy, with a
good, firm footing underneath.
The mile and a furlong run was eas
ily the classic affair of the afternoon.
In it started Howard Mann, Ostler Joe,
M*>rinel and Los Prietos. The first two
named horses carried 114 pounds, and
in the betting: there was little to choose
between them, it being 7 to 5 and take
your pick at post time. The consistent
Morinel, with but eighty-nine pounds,
caught the fancy of many, though look
ing to be traveling in rather too aris
tocratic company. Johnny Woods had
the mount o-n the latter, and his hand
ling of the filly was an excellent piece
of work. At the outset he started out
to make the pace, but was soon outrun
by the two choices. Ostler Joe in front.
This order was unchanged to the bend
for home, where Woods shot his mount
to the front, and, despite the furious
riding of Sloan <>n the black and Claw
son on Mann, got the daughter of Mo
rello over the mark less than a length
before the two favorites, wbich were
fighting it out nose and nose, for sec
ond place. Ostler Joe earning the de
cision. The game filly covered the dis
tance in 1:56 V
Sloan's finish on Traverser, the 1 to 2
favorite for the five-furlong scramble,
gained for him a justly earned round
of applause. The chestnut was played
by most of the wise ones for a little
sure money, but Trolley came near up
setting things. Conley on the latter
pkimmed away from the favorite the
first rattle out. and in a long, hard
drive from the furlong pole was beaten
out by a scant head in 1:02 flat. R. Q..
Ban and Fly were the only other start
ers.
Todd Sloan's mount, Fonsovannah,
was extensively played in the opening
six-furlong run, but was never able to
extend Tea Rose, which filly made the
running and won as she pleased. The
latter, coupled with Pat Murphy, was
the favorite in the betting at odds of
11 to 10. Fonsovannah took the place
from Highland Ball without effort.
In the seven-furlong run that followed
the Corrigan entry, George Lee, with
Sloan up, was a pronounced favorite
In the ring. Todd lay away with his
mount until the stretch was reached,
and then, closing on Dr. Marks, won
driving from Screiber's gelding. Claw
son landed the 15 to 1 chance Gotobed
in the show.
Todd scored his secomg win of the day
on the back of Satyr in the mile self-
Ing run, for which Benamela was sent
to the post favorite. His mount reced
ed from 5 to 2 to 4 to 1 in the betting.
Charles A, the second choice, made the
running for over half the distance,
when Satyr put in a challenge and
showing first as the stretch was
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB-lngleslde Track-lOOth day of the
Winter Meeting, Thursday, Feb. 24. 1898. Weather rainy. Track
sloppy.
644
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and upward: purse. $M>*
577 Tea Rose 111. 4 Mffl 1
(624) Fonsovannah, 3 MM 3
627 Highland Ball. 3.... 88 5
("34) Pat Murphy, 6 112 2
( 633) Hermosn. 3 107 X
1 5
5
4 n
2 Vi :
3%
1 6
5
2 n
3 1
1 5
6
2 n
4 V,
1 3
2 H
3 7
4 2
5
'lawson
'. Sloan
-ray
4-5 11-10
8-6 7-5
12 15
• *
6 8
Ipencer
Iclntyre
•Coupled with Tea Rose
Time. 1:15^. Winner, Atkin & Lottridge's eh. f. by Imp. Midlothian-Red Rose,
start. Won easily.
Good
645
SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse. $350.
633 George Lee V
609 Dr. Mark? 1(
621 Gotobeii li
C 33 Plan 1(
609 Bow and Arrow 1(
633 El Moro 1<
633 The Ace II
809 Bonita R 1(
1
i 6
I 7
2
5
3
8
' 4
2 h
3 %
4 1
5 2
6 n
1 n
7 5
8
5 2
2 n
4 h
I Vi
75
3%
6 1%
8
3 2%
5 3
3 2%
1 h
• 7 3
4 %
6 %
8
4 3
1 %
3 h
2 2
6 2%
5 2 ffl
7 6
8
1 1
2 2
3 H
4 10
5 2
6 n
7 40
8
". Sloan
I. Martin ...
'lawson
i. Jones
6-5
4
10
3
20
20
10
60
1
9-2
15
4
20
40
20
200
fray
ipencer
!onley
i. Wilson ....
Time. 1:31',. Winner, E. Corrlgan's b. g. by Imp. St. George-Levee. Good start. Won
first three driving.
646
THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles;
; puree, $500.
(CO9) Morlnel. 3 1
636 Ostler Joe. 5 1
636 Howard Mann. 5 1
605 I»s Prietos, 3 !
1
1
2
3
I 4
1 ns
2 2
3 3%
4
2 2H
11%
3 2
4
3 3%
si
4
2 h
1 h
3 7
4
In
2 a
34
■ 4 .
1 %
2 ns
3 5
4
. Woods
'. Sloan
'lawson
[olmea
5
6-5
6-5
15
4
7-5
7-5
30
Time. 1:56^.
driving.
Winner, M. Storn's b. f. by Morello-Sunlit. Good start. Won first three
fy4"7 FOURTH RACE-One mile; selling;
Index. Horses. Weight. ; ST |im! ~>£m~
582 Satyr. 4 98; 4 5 3 1 2 4 In 1 W, IT. Sloan 6-2 4
632 Benamela. 5 103 5 4h 6 Zy, 314 2^4 iCiawson -3 11-6
632 Charles A a 103 3 In 1% ins 22^ 3 6 E.Jones 3 5-2
435 Cavallo. 4 98 2 3 U 4 1 4n 4 2 4 8 Gray 26 20
632 Schnltz, 6 10< i 1 _ 2»H 2 _%__g__ 5 H. Martin ...1 6-2 16-5
Time, 1:45^. Winner, E. Corrigan's b. c. by Lew Weir-Seclusion. Good ~start. Won
easily.
582 Satyr. 4 98" 4
632 Benamela, 5 103' 5
632 Charles A. a 103 3
435 Cavallo. 4 98 2
632 Schnltz, 6 107j 1
5
4 h*
1 n
3 aU
2J4
3 1
6
, 1 *
4 1
it
648
FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs;
; purse, $400.
Tl.
-_» ; i
087 , Traverser, 3 106 3
631 Trolley, 4...... 108 4
(613) R. Q. Ban, 6 114 1
613 Fly, a 11l 2
2* .
, Ins ■
3 1.
. 4 ■ ■ ■
2 5
1 %
3 4
4
2 4
1 *
3 2%
1 h
2 25
3 6
4
'. Sloan
3-6 3-5
8-5 3-2
30 40
40 100
'onley
'aylor
lcDonald ...
Go O s Wo W n n r2t cr ihr^Tr.^ng VatCrhOU ' ' li * * V"^. Roßsln ' ton - Be^ ™<*'
649
SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds and upward: purse. $360.
... Greyhurst, 4 108 i
630 Won't Dance, 5—107j5 — 107j
630 Veragua. 5 109|
641 Presidio. 5 11l
615 Durward, 4 109!
2
1
I
4
3
1 h
2 3
4 n
6
3 6
1 h tin
.• . 22% • 2 7
4% 4 3
: 5 ■. . 6 ■ '.
*3 6> :3 5 :
- ;1 nY
26-
3%
■ 5 . . ■
:' 4 2-
1 1*
2 2 .
3 12
4 h
5
f- Martin ...
'. Sloan
1 4-5
8-5 2
4 4
100 150
100 150
peneer
lcDonald ...
'elghery .....
me, 1:31*4. Winner, B. Schreiber's gr. g. by Imp. Martenhurst-Helen Scratch. Strar-
btart. Won easily. ' *
reached Corrigan's horse won easily
from the hard-ridden favorite. Charles
A was third.
Barney Screiber's good money-getter
Greyhurst made his first appearance
this meeting in the final seven-furlong
run, and starting a 4 to 5 favorite won
as he liked from Won't Dance, ridden
by Sloan. The winner had "Skeets"
Martin in the saddle.
Track Items.
The Board of Stewards of the Pacific Coast
Jockey Club will meet on Monday night of the
coming week instead of the coming Saturday
evening, as originally set.
Last year's Brooklyn handicap winner, How
ard Mann, came within an ace of winding up
his racing career at the conclusion of the race
in which he finished third. After the saddle
was removed from his back a blanket was
thrown over him and a stable boy tossed up on
his back. He quite evidently was too full of
run to return to the stable for, starting oft
on his own account, ran away over three miles
with the exen-lse lad, and then spying an
opening In the outside fence near the head of
the stretch bolted through it. A. l tnls P 01 " 1
is a narrow bridge over a ditch, and off the
bridge went boy and Brooklyn handicap win
ner The horse was extricated from his pre
dicament without serious injury, but the boy
was badly shaken up.
B J. Johnson will this week send the fast
mare Anna Mayes down to Klmwood stock
farm to he bred to Imp. Brutus.
Willie Martin was originally engaged to ride
Howard Mann and it was the generally ex
pressed opinion that had the "Emperor" been
on his back in place of Clawson he would have
been first. Clawson was hardly strong enough
to do the bay horse Justice at the end.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
Following are the entries for to-day's running
events:
First Race— Five and a half furlongs; maiden
two-year-olds.
602 Octuruck 101 629 Idomenus 107
5V6 Mocorlto I<K 629 Aprona 105
60S Entrata 10' 452 Nita Murphy.. . .105
602 Oahu 105' . . . Livermore 110
Second Race— One mile.
640 Devil's Dream. .lol! 594 Mercutio 11l
(649)Greyhurst 103 (636) Geyser 11l
558 Harry Thoburn.lOSl 553 Orimar 106
637 Red Glenn 10S|
Third Race— Five and a half furlongs; maid
en three-year-olds.
... Chenier 110 1 607 Flandes 115
434 Mainbar 115 618 Royal Prize 112
... Dr. Mizner 107] 61S Hertha 110
629 Roulette Wheel. 110 [ 629 Nlihau 110
... Padrone lO7|
Fourth Race — One mile; handicap.
635 Napamax 117 646 Los Prietos 97
644 Fonsovannah ...112 640 Blarneystone ...93
635 Bonlto 102 1 645 Bow and Arrow 90
(645)Ge0. Lee 102;
Fifth Race— One and a sixteenth miles; sell
ine.
643 Pleasanton' 104 540 Joe Ullman — 104
628 Little Cripple. ..lo9 640 Souffle 110
(62S)Coilins 109 628 Perseus 109
Sixth Race— Six furlongs: selling.
643 Kaiser Ludwlg..lO7 <637) Refugee 112
637 Humbug 99 (620) Distinction 10.
Ho7)Viking 99 498 Reno 102
614 Chappie 104 1 544 Vivo 99
644 Pat Murphy ....107, 632 Silver State 105
637 Don Fulano 11" 229 Last Chance. ...lo2
507 Una Que Amo..loo<
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Mocorito, Oturuck. Entrata.
Second Race — Geyser, Orimar, Mercutio.
Third Race— Roulette Wheel. Mainbar,
Chenier.
Fourth Race— Napamax, Fonsovannah, Bo
nlto.
Fifth Race— Collln?, Souffle, Joe I'llman.
Sixth Race— Refugee, Don Fulano, Dis
tinction. _____^ —
A CHINESE RETREAT.
The Six Companies Blew Hot and
Cold Within a Week and Now
There Is Peace.
About a week ago Chinatown was
placarded with posters to the effect that
as that class of Chinese which professes
to be Christians had refused to con
tribute to the educational fund of the
Chinese Six Companies for the support of
the Chinese National School in this city,
their children would be no longer received
at the school. These placards purported
to have been signed by the Chinese Six
Companies, and no public announcement
was made to the contrary until last
Wednesday when the Six Companies re
pudiated the authorship of the placards,
and promised to pay a liberal reward for
the discovery of the alleged forger.
The posters were torn down and others
substituted stating that the former ones
were forgeries, and that the school was
open to all Chinese children. Irrespective
of the religion professed by them or their
parents.
O'Brien's patent spring; best and easiest
riding buggy made; rubber or steel tires.
O'Brien & Sons, Golden Gate avenue and
Polk street. *
The Fish Commission.
On or about the Ist of March the Cali
fornia Fish and Game Commission will
move from Its old rooms In the Flood
building to room 2 on the seventh floor of
the Mills building. The reason for the
change is that the new quarters will be
more convenient for the commissioners
than the place where th^y transact their
business at the present time. It is their
purpose to make their new room very at
tractive from a sportsman's standpoint.
Rheumatism cured. No pay until cured. Dr.
Gordlns Sanitarium. 514 PHe.nr.Ketrny,S.F.,Cal.
Coroner Hawkins Sick.
Coroner Hawkins is confined to his bed
with a severe attack of the grip. He was
feeling somewhat better last night and
will be around in a few days. Justice of
the Peace Kerrigan Is performing the
duties of the office.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1898.
HINTON TO BE
COMMISSIONER
Governor Budd Selects
Him for the Rail
road Board.
The Appointment Will Be Offi
cially Announced Within
a Few Days.
W. P. Lawlor Was Offered the Posi
tion of Registrar, but
Declined It.
The vacancy in the Board of Railroad
Commissioners caused by the death of
Dr. James I. Stanton will be filled
within the next few days by Governor
Budd. Although the Governor has not
yet made public the name of his
choice, it is well known by those with
in the inner circle of Democratic poli
tics that he has chosen William M.
Hinton, the present Registrar of Vot
ers, for the place. The delay in an
nouncing Hinton's name is due to the
fact that Governor Budd has not
found a successor to Hinton in the
Registrar's office.
Registrar Hinton has already been
apprised of his coming appointment,
but contrived to keep the matter quiet
for the present. He commenced yes
terday to arrange his affairs in the
Registrar's office. He gathered up all
his personal effects and is ready to
turn the office over to his successor on
five minutes' notice.
The appointment of Hinton will
prove a great disappointment to the
friends of James H. Barry, editor of
the, Star. They have worked hard and
unceasingly to secure the place for
him and believed they had the fight
won, though Barry himself said he
knew he could never get the place.
It is not known who will succeed
Hinton in the Registrar's office. The
Governor had W. P. Lawlor. who led
the silver forces during the last cam
paign. In view. In fact, John Markley,
who is secretary of the State Board
of Examiners was commissioned by
the Governor to see Lawlor and offer
him the place. Lawlor positively and
firmly declined to accept the appoint
ment. There is a score of Democratic
politicians anxious to preside over the
Registrar's office, but as yet the ap
pointing power has not been able to
make a selection.
KILLED BY A
FREIGHT ELEVATOR
Unfortunate Accident to Super
intendent Lorenzo Lapham
on a Sidewalk Lift.
Took a Desperate Chance Despite the
Warnings of the Architect and
Others Near Him.
Lorenzo Lapham, superintendent of
the Claus Spreckels building, lost his life
yesterday afternoon by a most unfortu
nate accident.
He incautiously experimented with the
freight elevator which runs from the
: Third street sidewalk to the pressrooms
in the basement, and when a friendly
warning was given him he lost his pres
ence of mind, pulled the wrong rope and
I was pinned against a joist in the side
! walk.
He had been warned just before he got
upon the elevator that the doors in the
sidewalk were closed and that the ex
periment which he was about to under
take was a dangerous one; but he in
sisted that there was no danger and pro
ceeded on his journey to death.
The unfortunate man was killed in
stantly. When the body was examined
by Dr. John Gallagher it was found that
the cfyest and abdomen were crushed.
The deceased was the superintendent of
construction of the building ever since
work was begun upon it, and at the time
of his sudden taking off he was acting as
superintendent.
W. B. Hinchliffe. foreman of The Call
pressrooms, was one of several persons
who witnessed the accident. Mr. Hinch
liffe says that about five minutes past
2 o'clock Architect Merritt Reid. H. J.
Walters and himself were standing in the
pressroom by the street elevator let into
the sidewalk en the Third street side of
the building, and he made a suggestion to
the architect that the chain holding up
the apron leading to the ink platform
should be done away with.
Mr, Reid proposed to measure the
samo *nd stepped upon the elevator to
raise it about six feet from the ground
and- Hinchliffe asked him not to go up,
as the doors over the elevator were
closed.
Mr. Lapham, who stood behind eating
an apple, wanted to demonstrate that
there was no danger. So he stepped on
the elevator himself and started to oper
ate it. Both Mr. Reid and the foreman
warned him not to go up, but Mr. Lap
ham proceeded. He started the elevator
slowly, and as it was not going fast
enough he opened the valve apparently
by mistake, because he did not intend to
go more than half way. He had pulled
the wrong cord, and evidently made an
attempt to jump off and was caught in
the sidewalk girder.
The deceased resided at 1009 Lnion
street, and leaves v widow and children.
WESTMINSTER ANNIVERSARY.
The Presbyterians of This City Held
Festivities Last Evening
The two hundred and fiftieth anniver
sary of the adoption of the Westminster
standard ..was celebrated by the Presby
terians last night at the Calvary Church.
All of the clergy of that denomination
were present, besides a great number of
the lay people. Dr. Noble presided.
The programme for the evening was as
follows: Hymn 442; Scripture reading;
prayer, Dr. Carson; . "Place, Personnel
and Proceedings of the Westminster As
sembly," by Rev. H. P. Gage, read by
Rev. E. H. Jenks; "The Doctrinal Content
of the Confession," Rev. H. C. Minton, D.
D. ; Hymn 367; "The Influence of the Doc
trinal System on Modern Civilization,"
Dr. Alexander.
MOTEL ORRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
J F Smith. N V Miss Churchill, N'apa
F P Mills & w, Cal A R Kotz, N V
B Page & w, Plttsbg M Mcßride. Chicago
H J Stebbins, N V Mlsb Uicardo. London
H Cronmeyer, N V Mrs Donable, London
F Cronmeyer, X V J S McDanlel. X City
E H Lux, Milwaukee A McKenzie, Glasgow
J H Raymond, Chicago Mrs Frank McLaugh-
M H Foley. St Paul lin, S Cruz
F H Green, S Rafael I Miss Yammell&m. N V
T P Spiers, 8 Jose Miss Livingston. N V
G J Cote. St Louis W J Carey. Chicago
A D Sheridan. Chicago Mrs Carey, Chicago
J F Coyle, St Louis H D Smith, Plttsburg
F Harvey. Kan City OS Richardson. Pitts-
E Hines &w, Chicago bun?
J L Arglnbaum & w, T J Field. Monterey
NY RE Moody, Portland
"W N Hallgentl, N R L Durham, Portland
A Fox, Milwaukee G J Cote & w. St L
E W Runyon, Red F S Morris, Portland
Bluff X Robey. Baltimore
V B Buck. NY \Vr OBannen. Hollister
J A Prevost. Fall Rivr]E N Clultsman, Ind
C E Provost, S AlbansjG Norton & w, M M
J F Turner & w, Ky J C Vigal, Houston
Miss Clark Cal C J Hanson. Key West
J Turner. Boston A W Miller & w la
E S> Churchill & w, J T Durham. St Louis
Napa
GRAND HOTEL.
H B Miller, Oakland N J Perry, Napa
E X Smart, Dutch Fit G E Perry, Napa
J B Qulgley, L Ang Miss C Ricardo. Londn
D H Balr, Sacto Mrs Dorall, London
E J Ray & w, Cal W W Turrey, Campbell
W Maddux. Fulton Mrs H R Duffln. L A
B P Scott. Portland R T Moore &' w, Stktn
F B Granger. Alvarado Mrs J B Merrit, Visalia
T J Hutchinson. Cal C T Albright, Chicago
A Frankman, Sanger A M Erickson, Cal
E J McMajin, Boston L A Spitzer, S Jose
T Puggan. Denver J P Orstall. Tuba City
H A Jastro, Bakersfld A J Rockwell. Chicago
A Lawrence, N Mcx L W Fulketh & w. Cal
W M Inglis, Calgary C C Merrlam. Fresno
J A Prevost, Fall Rvr i Mrs E Williams, Cal
C E Prevost.St Albansij H Lyndon. S Jose
\V G Rainey, Montlclol I Bird, Merced
J H Maggard, Ohio I P A Buell. Stktn
S H Lynch & w. Utah I C Perkins & w. Cal
A T Robs. Sacto I E H Grays. Stanford
H C Bell, Oroville | G A Penniman, S Jose
G N Tyson, Auburn R A Rogers. Sulphur C
T Drak», L Ang a Blnga,r. San Luis O
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W S Temple. Ind ID Sobel, N V
G H Bishop, Ohio I Miss S Tobin, Vallejo
E A Grafemuller. N V Miss C Tobin, Vallejo
Mrs Kelly, Stockton G MoNear &w, Peta-
H E Southworth, Stkn luma
M O'Brien. S Jose J X Newell, Pa
B F Markham. S Jose L Herman. N V
A Meak. Alameda C Semen. S Jose
H C Churchill, Boston S F Rose, U S N
G Remrlek. Alaska J E Jones, Salinas
Mrs Brooks, Oakland B J Duncan, Salinas
W E Crowley, Illinois! A V Steams, L Ang
J Rosenburp. WoodldlW L Davis. Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Miss .7 Nelson. Oakdale J C Davison. Cal
E T Snyder. Kansas C W Johnson, Oakdale
J A Bucklin. Kansas .1 Brown. Stockton
J Hoffman. Kansas IB H Bnyd, S Jose
J Nath. Illinois Ip PioßKi. Tiburon
C L Stable & w. ArklT Clous-sell, Sausalito
J Yakst, Kansas J Coneidlne. S Jose
T B Farrell. Kansas J M Harrison. Fresno
C M Koffman, Kansas P J Sullivan. Oakdale
J Watson, Napa H C Waltham, Chicago
E Smith, Dlxon
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
RAILED.
Thursday, February 24.
Aiib stmr Burma. Mikulichh. Nanaimo.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 24— Stmr Australia,
hence Feb 21.
Palled Feb 24-Stmr Rival and barks Enoch
Talbot and Prussia, for Dyea.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
IP4I Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until ?:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K.,^_X_
T.. Masonic Temple, Post and Mont- ]JJ|
gomery sts.— Regular assembly THIS lII]
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. > &
Order of the Temple. All fraters are cor-
teously invited.
SIR JOHN P. FRASER. Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
YERBA BUENA LODGE OF PER-
FECTION No. Annual meeting
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, Feb- A
ruary 25, at 8 o'clock. _/B»
GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary. KB&
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M.. »-
121 f Eddy Called meeting THIS _J\_
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at ":*'XX
o'clock. Second degree. Sojourning ' >
brethren are invited. By order of
THOMAS L. HILL, W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH; Secretary. _^^_^__
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. •
M.— Called meeting THIS (FRIDAY) _J\_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock Third de- J&JX
gree. C. D. BUNKER, .Secretary. 'V'
OFFICERS and members of San <$®£^gi,
Francisco Lodge No. 3. I. O. O. : §£i2ffi!*S=
F.— You are hereby notified to as- -i^S^sfSF
eemble at 1817 Broadway SATUR- -^//«^
DAY, at 1:45 p. m.. for the purpose of con-
ducting the funeral of our late brother. J.
E. CLINE. By order of
F. A. JENNINGS, N. G.
A.. JACOBI. Secretary-
AUSTRIAN BENEVOLENT SO- V-JK
CIETY Funeral delegates above v&JSSgje^
named society are hereby notified flfiMfSr
janns ?.\t 'HBU ::.'tj: 5" ;•■:.--.: ... j?RSe>
st. THIS DAY (Friday), at %9% 9
o'clock a. m. sharp, to attend the
funeral of our late brother, E. L. LIND-
WALL. By order
M. SCANATICH, President.
A. CONNICH.. Secretary^ ■■■■', : .-^
SPECIAL meeting of stockholders of Dairy-
men's Union of California will be held at
. their offices, 115 Davis street, WEDNESDAY.
March ■9, 189S, at 1 p. m., for the transac-
tion of such business as may come before the
meeting. WARREN DUTTON, Pres.
ANNUAL MEETING— regular annual
meeting of stockholders of the Western Beet
Sugar Company will be held at the office of
the company, 327 Market St., San Francisco,
Cat., on TUESDAY, the Ist day of March.
1898, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the
purpose of electing a ; board of directors to
\ serve for the ensuing year, and the trans-
action of such other business as may come
before the meeting. Transfer books will close
on SATURDAY. February 26, at 12 o'clock m.
.■-.• . E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collectluns made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 5580.
MRS. DR. FISH. rm. 2, 116 A Grant aye. ; elec-
trician; alcohol. Turkish baths; unrivaled.
MRS. STEWERT. genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120 1 ,* Geary at., room 11.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 118 Taylor st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 78 (fifty
cents per share) of the OCEANIC STEAM-
SHIP COMPANY will be payable at the of-
fice of the company, 327 Market St., on and
after Tuesday, March 1. 1898. Transfer books
will close on Wednesday, February 23, 1898,
at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WAMED-UJMALB.
SUPERIOR German nurse desires situation; |
best references; city or country. MISS CUL- j
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
SUPERIOR Swedish cook desires situation; j
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS French maid and Beamstress de- |
sires situation; 2 years last place; or as :
nurse; best references. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation at house-
work or as nurse. $10 to $15; references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT French second girl desires situa- !
tion. or as nurse; best references; city or \
across the bay. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter. I
SWEDISH house Klrl strong and willing: $15 |
to $20; two years last place; city or country, i
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st ]
Al SECOND girl, best of~ references, desires a j
situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter. j
• SITUATION by a competent middle-aged wo- j
man" to do housework; references; city or i
country. Call for two days, 759 Mission st.
HOUSEKEEPER'S position wanted by middle-
aged American woman; good cook; no ln-
cumbrance. Box 1307, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED widow wishes to do cooking on
ranch; no objection to children; no trlflers.
1104 MiSßion St.. room 82.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation to
do plain housework; city or country. 312
Brannan st.
WANTED— Position by an intelligent Swedish
girl: general housework and cooking; wages
$20 to $25. Call after 2 p. m., 767 Castro st.
COMPETENT middle-aged woman; Is kind to
I children; lately from the East; good Ameri-
can cook: do some washing; city or country.
129 Third st., room 7. ... ■
WANTED— Situation by^ompetent girl to do
upstairs work or care for small children;
wages $20. Address 15A Henry st. ; Castro cars.
AMERICAN woman wishes housecleanlng.
washing and ironing by the day; $1 day and
car fare. Box Call office-
YOUNG girl . wishes a situation to do light
housework. 604 Sixth St., near Brannan.
NEAT, refined young widow, with daughter 12
years old. wishes position as housekeeper for
widower or bachelor; best of reference. Box
1309. Call office.
WILLING woman wants a situation in the
city to do housework; fond of children; small
_wages. Call at 155 Minna st_
YOUNG experienced woman wants a position
as working housekeeper in family of 2; first-
class city references. 162 Cook St., off Geary.
AN experienced housekeeper wants situation in
the city where she can have her little girl;
good cook; small wages; good references. 2458
Post st. ■ '
YOUNG girl (Danish) wishes situation to do
second work or care of children; no objec-
tion to Oakland or Berkeley. Address 213
Sixth aye.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day;
washing, cleaning and nursing. M. S., 134 ft
Seventh St.. third flat.
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
2 CHAMBERMAIDS with positions In the same
hotel. Apply at 1609 Powell st.
RESPECTABLE American lady with little
daughter wishes a situation as housekeeper;
short distance In country no objection. Box
1276, Call office.
ENERGETIC woman wishes position where
there Is a chance to advance; must have
work immediately. 1817 Everett St., Alameda.
GERMAN girl wants a position to do general
housework in a German family. 436 Jessie at.
GOOD cook and second girl for same house,
or would do waiting or chamber work; city
or country; hotel preferred. Box 1232, Call.
SITUATION wanted by good cook for family;
city or country. Call at 677H Mission st.
WOMAN with experience, first-class cook,
wishes to run a boarding house. Apply 748
Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS cook (colored) wishes position
in private boarding house or family, or will
do chamber work. Address 1024 Jackson st.
YOUNG woman would like position to do
light housework in good, private family;
no children; wages no object; good home pre-
ferred; city or country. Address 808 Center
St., Oakland.
YOUNG woman wishes working housekeeper's
position or to do plain mending. 131 Fourth
6t., room 1.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry:
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
SITUATION j WAM'UD-UAIiK.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 ye&rs) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay at.
JAPANESE employment office; work day,
hour or evening. 122% O'Farrell; tel. Davis 605.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office; house
cleaning; tel. Grant 56. G. AOKI, 30 Geary.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
beat help. 414% O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Employm't Office— Best help and
Northern Hsclng Co. 1808 Polk; tel. Polk 422.
GERMAN gardener, generally useful, wants a
steady place In private family; understands
care of horses; driving; can milk; references:
wages reasonable. Address P. M. t 674 Six-
teenth St., East Oakland.
YOUNG man wants position either as fireman,
pumpman or engineer, or as foreman of a
mine; thoroughly understands timbering and
mining; 10 years' experience. Box 1314, Call.
MAN and wife wish position, country; man
accustomed horses, outside work; wife assist
housework. goo<l seamstress; 1 child, capable
boy, 13 years. Address box 131 R. Call office.
MAN of busines ability wants position;
adapted to any branch of business; 20 years'
experience London and New York. BAILEY,
544 Sutter St.
BY a sober steady elderly man a place as
pantryman, can assist in waiting on table;
light porter, Janitor or care taker or any-
other position of light work or trust; ref-
ences If required. Box 1313. Call Office.
AMERICAN man and wife want situations
as cooks In camps or situation on ranch:
reference. Call or address D., 1037 Mioaion.
BOY of 17 wishes position In country store,
club or private residence, in Marin County.
Apply T. J. BURNS, 4 Sunny cour^ S. F.
SITUATION wanted as bartender; Worked 14
years in best houses in Chicago; can furnish
best of references. Address box 1252, Call.
SITUATION by a young man, competent and
sober; wants work of any kind; handy v lth
painter's tools. Call or address for 2 days,
266 Minna st.
COMPETENT grocer}' clerk wants position;
personal recommendation from last employer.
Address Clerk, box 1310, Call office.
COOK, German, wants situation in restau-
rant, lunch or coffee house; competent and
steady and best of references. 51 Third St.,
room 3.
GOOD baker wants position; work on bread
and cakes. LOUIS CLEMENT. 220 Mont-
gomery aye.
SITUATION wanted by man and wife to .take
charge of ranch on shares; long experience.
Address A. V.. 425 Bush St.
COMPETENT baker foreman wants a situa-
tion as such; references given. Address C.
F.. 3M Third st.. Oakland.
FIRST-CLAPS gardener and green-house man
(understands care of horses and cows) wishes
situation; good reference. Box 1305, Call.
YOUNG experienced butcher, good reputation,
wishes situation in shop or wagon. Address.
Butcher. 2965 Twenty-first st.
BY young butcher, to drive wagon and work
in shop. Address "Butcher," 844 Broadway,
Oakland. •
FIRST-CLASS gardener wants work by the
day or month. 2623 Sutter st.
SITUATION wanted in the city by a fireman;
can take charge of an engine; handy with
tools. Address box 1279, Call office.
YOUNG man who has experience in photog-
raphy and printing business wishes position.
Address 527 Vallejo St.
GARDENER; French; experienced In landscape
and general work; best references; by the
day or month. Call or addres.s 2221 Post St.
FIRST-CLASS German gardener wants situa-
tion in cltv or country; good propagator;
handy with tools; can milk; no intelligence
office need apply. Address R. T. BAKER,
857 Bryant St., city, S. F.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket ; 200 rooms. 25c to $1 50 night ; $1 50 to JS
week: convenient and respectable; free "bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
COOK, small place. $15 and found; hotel laun-
dress, city, $20 and room, call early: Ger-
man waitress, country, $20 and room; 2
chambermaids and wait, $15 and reom; 5
waitresses, Los Angeles, $20 and found; 2
wait! esses, $">: laundress, country, $20 and
room. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market st.
$20 each. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES. $4 per week each. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FRENCH second girl, $25.~MISS~CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
AN educated girl as nurse, 2 children, 3 and
6 years. $15; across the bay. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. %
AN Irish girl, housework, $25. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
2 GIRLS, San Mateo, waiting and chamber-
work, $15 each. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
HOUSEWORK girl. Merced, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter St.
WORKING housekeeper, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl. Carson City, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter St.
COLORED cook, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter^st.
SECOND girl, Berkeley, $20; cook, $30; nurse,
$20; nurse. $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
LAUNDRESS, $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
REFINED second girl and seamstress, $25.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS for country hotel, $20 and free
fare: waitress for Watsonville, $20; waitress
for an. eating-house, $6 a week; 2 waitresses \
for city hotels. $20 each; 4 more waitresses
for water resort. Southern California, $20;
chambermaid for city hotel, $12 50. C. R.
HANSEN & C 0.,108. ,108 Geary st.
2~COOKS for small boarding-houses in cfty;
$2. r . each. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary.
JTTrONERS for country hotel: free fare; $35
and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary.
NEAT young girl to work in a drugstore; $5
a week. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary.
RANCH cook: see lady here; $20; fare paid.
C. R HANSEN & CO., 108 Gearyjit.
3 GERMAN cooks, $25; 6 girls for gen-
eral housework, $20; 8 girls for housework,
$15; girl for Merced Co., see party here, $15.
C. R. HANSEN* & CO., 108 Geary st.
NEAT refined woman to act as companion for
an elderly lady. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary st.
NEAT appearing young lady who can run
a machine and sew to learn ladles' tailor-
ing. Apply to MURRAY & READY, 634-63G j
Clay st.
GIRL for second work and sewing. $20; refer-
ences required; waitresses, country hotels, !
$20. MURRAY & READY, Leading Em- I
ployment Agents, 634-636 Clay St.
6 WAITRESSES, hotels and restaurant. $20
and $5 a week; waitress to take charge, $26;
German nurse, $20; second girl, $25, see lady
here at 11 to-day; German second girl, coun-
try. $2»; OOOk, a short distance, $25. see party
here this morning; laundress and chamber-
maid, $25; 4 cooks, German style, $25; plain
Ironer In laundry, $20; and girls for cooking
and housework in city and country. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— 2 chambermaids, flrst-class hotel.
short distance country. $17 50; French second
I girl, country, $25; second girl, city, $25:
French housekeeper, $20; girls for housework
i and assist, $20 to $15. LEON ANDRE, 308
| Stockton.
EXPERIENCED German or English Infant's
nurse, not over 36 years; references; $25.
LAMBERT. 417 Powell st.
GERMAN and American girls wanted: wages
$25, $20, $15, $10. MRS. SPENCER, 1321 Park
st., Alameda.
I WANTED— A graduate cooking teacher for a
large school; must have best of references.
Write box 1316, Call office.
GIRL trt do light housework and assist with
baby. Call between 10 a. m. and 4 p. m.
1614 Vallejo.
HELP WANTED- Continued.
WANTED— A number of girls to fill various
situations. MRS. HIRD, 721 Ellis st.
WANTED— GirI to do general housework; good
cook; bring references. Apply 830 Fulton st.
MEN and women learn barber trade In 6
weeks. PROF. TOM CROKER, 346 Seventh.
GOOD finishers on vests and apprentice. 64Hfc
Stevenson st.
WANTED— A millinery apprentice; one handy
with the needle. 1717 Sutter St., near Laguna.
FIRST-CLASS tatloress on pants. Apply 432
Montgomery St., room 18.
GIRL about 15 to assist in light housework.
MRS. LICHTENSTEIN, 812 Ellis st.
YOUNG German girl wanted; housework and
children. 2732 Pine st.
GIRL wanted to assist In general housework.
1015 Golden Gate aye.
ROOMS, respectable house, from 25c night and
$1 50 week. 142 Seventh st.
WANTED— German or Scandinavian girl for
general housework. CHRIS JESSEN, Blair's
ranch. Piedmont, Oakland.
WANTED— A girl for general housework. Ap-
ply 2226 Pine st.
YOUNG business lady of refinement, unincum-
bered, for money making business.4o2V4 Geary.
OPERATOR wanted on vests; good wages j
paid. 509 Kearny St., room 2. j
GOOD singer to play piano in mining town; j
$35 weekly. Box 1277, Call.
LADIES— Agent wanted, canvassing easy-sell-
ing article. D. T., box 1248, Call office.
APPRENTICE dressmaker; must be neat
sewer. 1408H Polk St.
GERMAN girl for plain housework; wages $S
to $10; good home; small family. 2426 Market.
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts and |
waists. NEWBAUER BROS., 18 First st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay^
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist, 14 McAllister
St.; monthly troubles, etc.; 1 visit sufficient.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c. McDOWELL'S, 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dreuscutttng School. 1079 Market
«t.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free. j
HALE HELP WA..TED.
2^WAITERSr~S3O and room; 3 waiters, $10
week; 2 waiters, $7 week; 3 waiter boys, $4
and $5 week; waiter, $25 and room. MAR-
TIN & CO., 749 Market st.
ERRAND-BOY, $3 week; 2 store boys, %
week; clothing house clerk, speak Italian;
laundry washer and ironer; carriage painter,
country; 4 choremen, restaurants and pri-
vate. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market St.
COOK, country hotel, small, $9 week and room;
city restaurant, $10 week; second, country,
$30 and room; baker, $30 and room; dishwash-
en, $4. $5 and $6 week. MARTIN & CO., 749
Market st.
14 FARM, orchard and vineyard hands wanted,
$25 and $20 per month and found; 4 ranch 6
and 8 horse teamsters, same ranch, $25 and
found; 3 butter-makers, $25, $30 and $20; Dane
or Swede milker, $25. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay St.; telephone Main 5848.
5 COOKSrS3JTand $30~and found^
— —4 waiters, $25 and found.
3 dishwashers, $15 —
■ Baker's assistant, $30.
Ranch cook, $18 ■
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
3 BOYS
to do chores on ranches; vegetable gardener;
vegetable gardener. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
265 WOODCHOPPERB - —
wanted, $1 and $1 25 cord; 295 tiemakers, Be,
9c and 10c each; 8 timber fellers; 6 cross-
cutters. MI'RRAY & READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— Farmers for Sonoma. Napa and
Santa Cruz Counties, $20 and $25; foreman for
small fruit ranch, $25 to $30; German or
Scandinavian farmer, $30 and found; farmer
and wife, and others. Apply to J. F. CROS*
ETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 3O laborers for mill and woods, $20
and $26 and found; 15 tiemakers, Sc, 9c and
10c; 10 woodchoppers, $1 25 cord; tlmbermen
for mine, $2 50 to $3 day; coal miners by
contract. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Circular sawyer and millwright for
Alaska. $150. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— 4 first-class hotel waiters. $35; 3
restaurant waiters, $10 week: restaurant
baker. $9 week; dishwasher for country ho-
tel. $20. and others. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
WOODSMEN, cross-cutters, choppers, tie-
makers and woodchoppers. shingle and box
bolt makers. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary st.
FARMERS— 6 farmers who can drive 2 and 4
horses for orchard work. $20: 4 Scandinavian
and German farmers, $20. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 108 Geary st.
STOREROOM man: must be a good meat cut-
ter and carver, for large country restaurant,
$60; second cook, country hotel, $40; porter
and runner, with experience In California
commercial hotels, $25. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st.
VALET for a gentleman: must have good ref-
erences, $40 and found. HANSEN & CO.,
10S Geary st.
TRAY checker who thoroughly understands the
restaurant department, $50 to $60 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary St.*
TWO errand boys who know the city and live
with their parents for our office. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
WANTED — 5 miners, $52 per month, half fare
paid; man to milk 12 cows and make butter
for private dairy, $25 and found; intelligent
American as attendant in an Institution, $25
per month, board, lodging and washing; neat
Catholic man with good manners and refer-
ences to make up rooms In an institution and
care for a few sick boys, $20 and found; but-
ler, private family. $30; German indoor ser-
vant, private family, and care for a horse,
$30 tn ©5 and found; second cook for steamer,
$35; second cook, coffee saloon, $7 week, and
others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay st.
6 PRUNERS, long job, $20 and fare paid;
waiter, boarding house, $20; man to work In
vegetable garden. $20. R. T. WARD & CO.,
608 and 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Waiter for a country hotel, $25;
waiter, hotel, city, $25; silver pantryman, $25;
second cook, $45; butler, $40; dishwasher, $15;
storekeeper for a restaurant, $30. ANDRE'S,
316 Stockton st.
SWISS man and wife, $45 to $50. MISS CUL,-
LEN. 325, Sutter St.
HKAD porter, large hotel; cloak room attend-
ant; store room clerk. 1023 Market st.
GENERAL purpose man, wholesale house;
warehouse clerk, experienced. 1023 Market.
LANDSCAPE gardener; man and wife, Swiss
preferred; gentleman's place. 1023 Market.
MAN to take charge of house furnishing de-
partment of a large department store; notion
salesman; domestic salesman. 1018 Wash-
ington, Oakland.
JANITOR, new building, downtown; liquor-
man; grocery clerk. 313 Bush st.
ADVANCE agent and advertising man; must
be up to date and responsible with city ref-
erences. 313 Bush st.
i SHOEMAKER on repairing; steady job. Call
at 145 Second st.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 629 Davis St.
WANTED— A journeyman shoemaker; call
early. 514 Second st.
HUSTLER for photo view team; commission.
Apply immediately 559 Seventeenth, Oakland.
YOUNG man, grocery clerk, bar; state age,
references, salary expected. Box 1303, Call.
STEADY barber wanted in 15c shop. Inquire
after 12 o'clock m., 657 Clay st.
WANTED— First-class bootblack; none other
need apply. 1527 Park st., Alameda.
COOK wanted at 613 Clay st.
MARRIED couple wanted by single gentle-
man living in Oakland suburbs; man must
be accustomed to work with horses; wife to
cook, wash and take care of house; wages
$25 per month. Address box 1096, Call office.
SURVEYOR wanted to do work In exchange
for villa lot across bay. Room 15, 1170 Mar-
ket st., San Francisco.
GREEN hands, seamen and carpenters for
Alaska. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart St.
BRIGHT boy about 16 years. Address box
1304. Call Office.
FIRST-CLASS coat maker. M. J. KELLER
CO., Oakland.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St., near -ackson.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men. between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such: must
] be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In height.
For further information apply at the re-
cruiting office, 20 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.
PROGRESSIVE Barbers' Free employment. hT
BERNARD. Secy., 102 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
WANTED— Laborers, and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 'ihird st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to S3 per week.
SHOE-REPAIRING shop for saleT best location
in city. Apply at 767 Market st.
HELP WANl .3D— Continued.
' BARBER shop, country, for sale; .• running t
i chairs; 25c shaving. : DECKELMAN BROS.,
106 Ellis St. . -,-■■-■ .
I WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near
i Market; 200 rooms. 25c a night; reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
! ROSEDALE House, 321 Ellis-Rooms 25c to $1
- night ; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
MARKET. 4— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken. :
1 MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College, 138% Eighth st.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard Bts.
MARKET. -863% (Elcho House)— Rooms 20c. 250
j to 50c per night; $1 to $2 week. ' ,
' DRUMM, 223 (Oriental)— Rooms 15c to 75c per
night;. soc to $1 50 per week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 butter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
: for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
4 MARKET st— Branch office of The Call;
: want ads and subscriptions taken.
CIVIL service Government positions— so J£?, 3a3 a
tions and answers free. Address HLOHfca
Preparation, Washington, D.:C. __
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye. Tel. Grant 186.
PARTNERS "WANTED.
WANTED— Lady partner, widow preferred, not
over 35. with $3000, to take half interest In
a circns now organizing to tour the State or
California and Texas; no triflers. Address
box 1294, Call office. * _^_™^^^«»»»
FUHNITUKE WAITED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. S4O Mis-
sion st.; tel. Mint 1821. . ' (
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery st. ; highest prices paid. Tel. Davl» 71.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call; sub-
scriptions and want ads taken. . ''' "'- •
FLATS WAMED-^^^^
WANTED— Modern 5 - or 6 room and ' bath
(middle) flat; must be in perfect condition.
Address box 1301. Call Office. / •
, W ANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
LATHE in good order; 18 to 24 inch swing!
7 feet between centers; state make and full
particulars. Address box 1302, .Ca1l office.
WANTED— Good watchdog, cheap. Bring It
to 402% Geary st. •
WM. MUND. watchmaker and Jeweler; gold
and silver bought for cash. 226 Ellis st.
6000 TONS of castiron at once. 204 Mission
street. ' ■ -
PHOTO. and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st. .
MACHINERY, belting, pipe, scales, tools, etc.,
bought and sold. J. Livingston, 204 Mission^
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
LODGING HOI . i-.s FOR SALE. .
60 ROOMS; new furniture; easy payments.. s32oo
32 rooms, on Market; clears $250 2800
10 rooms, on McAllister 400
32 rooms, on Geary (new).. 2500
15 rooms, on O'Farrell; $250 cash; price.. 600
24 rooms, on Kearny; clears $200......... 2500
22 rooms, near Baldwin Hotel (transient) 1300
30 rooms; clears $250; new furniture 2500
10-room flat: fine corner; clears $40 350
Boarding house, corner; fit? rooms 1500
9 rooms; rent $40; new furniture.. 600
17 rooms; sunny side; clears $100; 0n1y... 1100
30 rooms; central; 2 fronts; worth $1200.. 550
Hotel and bakery, near city 4500
Hotel In mining town;, good bar; clears
$300 • 1009
. 15 rooms; fine corner; clears $250. .~ 1500
10 rooms, $350; 65 rooms, $6000; 14 rooms.. 1050
15 rooms, on Slitter: fine house... 1100
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
WANTED— for 8, 10, 60 and 80-room
houses, at SPECK & CO.'S. 602 Market st.
I $750— Don't miss this; easily worth $1500; at
rooms; clears $85 a month. KREDO & CO.
' A $500— 14 rooms; near City Hall; easily worth
$800; a snap. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary st.
$800—20 rooms; well worth $1600; clears $85; $400
cash; don't miss It. KREDO & CO.
A. KREDO & CO., Successful Brokers, 22*4
Geary st. ' "■". .."-" :
7 rooms, clears $25 above rent...... 250
9 rooms, best for the money.... $250
14 rooms, all rented clears $40 ...$ 500
15 rooms, corner Market, rents $45..........$
17 rooms, partly of flees, dears $70 :...'..s 650
20 rooms, new sunny corner, clears $60 $1000
30 rooms, 36 rooms and 65 rooms at reduced
prices. Money to loan.
— Fine 7-room house: clearing $15 over ex-
\ penses monthly | year round. 402% Geary st.
A 14- ROOM -house for sale cheap;- near ferry;
■ rent lowered. Call 12% Sacramento st.
BAY-WINDOW house on Sixth, St.; 18 rooms;
f all rented; extra-good reason for selling; $350.
" Apply Call office. •
LODGING-HOUSE of 12 • nicely furnished
rooms for sale cheap. 340 Third st.
IS ROOMS; lodging-house; well furnished; bar-
gain. Call at 946 Mission.
I FOR SALE— A newly furnished flat; centrally,
located. Apply box 1237, Call office. -
LODGING-HOUSE -. of .. 8 rooms, neatly fur-
nished. 432 Ellis st.
TEAS.
'. . \
TEAS,
W, J5, 80, 35. 40, 50 per pound.
COFFEES,
10, 15, 20, 25, 35, 40 per pound.
SPICES,
10, 15, 20, 25, 40 per can.
RUNNING 100 STORES ENABLES US TO
SELL VERY CHEAP.
WE GIVE FREE
PRETTY DISHES,
GOLD WATCHES
BICYCLES,
MUSIC BOXES,
AIR RIFLES.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
FOR SALE->IISIEI.LA>EOIS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 137 Beale st.
GRAMOPHONE with 40 records. Box 1312T
Call office.
NEAT solitaire diamond ring for $16; worth
$35. TJNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FULL-BLOODED Great Dane dog for sale.
Apply at Call office. .
TEN GALLON KEG AT CAR LOAD PRICES.
Choice Bourbon whisky. 85 proof, $16 30; Mo
Brayer whisky, 100 proof, 5 years old, $22;
Al Jamaica rum, $16 ;'5: extra quality port,
sherry, angelica, muscatel or Rhine wine. 3
years old. $6 50; i year, $7 r>o; real 6 year,
$8 50; genuine grape brandy, 100 proof, 3 year,
$22: 5 year, $24 50: Zlnfandel claret. $4 85;
Bursrundy claret, $5 25; no charge for cooper-
age or drayage; it pays to buy for cash.
Standard Liqnor Co., 628 Jlarket St., 8. F.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-102J
Mission st., above Sixth.
1 AND 2-bowl barber wa?hstands, cheap. HUP*
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES — New and second hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe "ac, 533 Sacramento.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, rotor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1122-36 Mission st.
SAFES — Bargains in new and second-hand; all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES, $10: Records, $5 per doa. ;"
Projectoscope, 1100. i-lacigalupi. 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,"
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
FOR sal° cheap— Second-hand fireproof safe,
at 42 Main st.
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL kinds : bought, sold, ;' exchanged, rented!
repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth »t.
CARPET CLEAMNG. . ~~~
CITY Steam Carpet-cleanTng^Works^ cle^nZ"
moves, lays carpets. : G. H. STEVENS, Mgr?
,-„ 88 and 40 Eighth st. ; ; telephone South .250.
: WHEN , you become disgusted with poor worlc
send to SPAULDINGS : Pioneer Carpet-
i beating Works, 353-57 v Tehama St.; tel.-So. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning C 0. .: 402 Sutter;
■..tel/r. Main 394. :; GE0.-WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard" relaid at 3c
y ■; STRATTON, 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
i J. WATTS, reliable carpei-cleaning, renovating, <
, - alteration works. 113 McAllister. . Jessie 321. '
IGREAT1 GREAT t Eastern Steam " Carpet-clean Ins
;;:WorkB.^l4 Sth St. \\Br GRANT; tel. Jessie 201.
J. E: MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co 240 14th
, at ; j cleaning. 3c j a > yard ; • tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Ooldea
Gate aye.; telephone East 126, ' •BUSINESS Cn\XCES.
jloo— CORNER saloon with - rooms, in the best
■ •art of the city; open day and night a:. do-
ing a spleadM business; must be sold: owner
bas the Klondike fever. Call WILKE. 7k3
Market ?:. . _^ . ■
j-^.-^GENTS' arid ladies' • furnishing goods
store, doln? a first-cless paying business;
choicest location: a rare opportunity for an
active and industrious lady. WILKE, 753
Market st.
OLD established and money making, nursery:'
S hothouses, boiler, hors*. wagons, buggy.
cash register, lease and dwelling house; rent-
SS3; Investigate at once: this is the leading
business in the city. WILKE. 783 Market st
A $200") old-established drugstore, with doctor's
ofSee. large store, and prescription trade;
manufacturer of 9 specialties for general
drug trade; no better chance to step into a
r.rst-claiw paying business. Particulars,
WJLKE. 7*3 Market St.
$2000— CORNER grocery and bar: established
many years and doing first-class store and
ber business; 4 .-..._-■ horse and wag-
en; low rent; full value- in sight; sickness
_cause: a sacrifice. WILKE. 753 Market st. j
$250— BRANCH bakery, delicacies, etc.; fine
store: tull value; easily clears $55 per month;
4 living rooms; rent $20. M. LESS. 765
Market st.
A $3000 AMUSEfMEXT business in an excel- I
lent locality; largest and best equipped of its !
kind in this State; has a complete monopoly; j
positively clearing from $300 up per month I
cv*r and above all expenses; full value in (
fijrht; thorough . investigation allowed. M.
LESS, 7«35 Market st. 1
$17T>— BRANCH bakery and delicacy store in an
exceedingly busy locality;, old-established j
business; large stock; 4 nice living rooms and
bath; rent only $16; has fine trade. M. LESS,
765 Market st.
j
$200— RESTAURANT on the best street in the
Western Addition; cheap rent; well fitted up; j
has good custom. M. LESS, 765 Market st. .
$250— PARTNER wanted in well-paying restau- .
rant; principal streets; central; owner tired
of unreliable help; sober man; no ether. ;
LESS. 765 Market St.
BAKERY; large oven; store trade $40 $1400
Restaurant: fine corner 900 '
Candy store; worth $500: price 225
Delicacy store; large trade 1100
Saloon: Due corner; down t0wn...., 2000 :
Restaurant; worth $*>!; only 175 ;
Grocery and bar: corner 225 I
Millinery store in good country town.... 700
Apply to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
$450— RESTAURANT; bargain or. account of I
immediate departure of owner; trial given.
Mclaughlin & co.. 30 Keamy st.
SALOON' at a sacrifice, with side entrance
ar.d rooms. Mclaughlin & CO.. 30 j
Kearny st.
.A CHANCE for a FORTUNE!'! :
the NEW waldo HOUSE. |
765 Mission, bet. Third and Fourth. San Fran- i
Cisco; S4 rooms: all new beds; on one floor; i
run-sing full; cheap rent, long lease, privilege
of renewing same; on investment of J2OOO for
lv-7l v -7 eighty (80) per cent per annum was real- I
Ized over all expenses, which can be proved,
with even better prospects this year; for sale
on accoount of failing health and old age.
■ Address as above or inquire on premises.
6ALOON for Sale— Bids will be received at the I
office of Public Administrator A. C. Freese. ;
Chronicle building, for saloon, stock and fix-
tures. 211 Grant aye.. known as "Bob's
Place.". Bids will be opened Monday, the
25th inst.
FOR SALE— Hotel close to railroad passen-
ZiT depot in lively country town; every-
thing newly furnished and in good run-
ning order. For particulars apply to Me-
LEOD & HATJE. £15 Market st. j
SPECULATORS— I have positive inside infor-
mation on a stock which will make J5OO on
■every $I» Invested within 30 days: if you ■
want- to make money write immediately. S.
SCOTT, 6 Wall St., New York.
$300— PARTNER wanted in light business
suited to plain steady man; $15 to $20 a week:
no experience required; trial given. & Geary
Bt. room 2.
Silts— PARTNER wanted in established cash
business; will clear $.o per. month to each,
which will be proven by trial before you
buy. Pacific Exchange. 9&5 Market st.
BARGAIN in' bar and grocery at half price;
death in family cause for selling; no agents.
Call on owner, 730 Minna st.
MEAT market for sale; a bargain; no opposi-
tion: north of Market st. 1108 Hyde terrace,
flat 4, near California st.
PARTY leaving city will sell good paying cur-
tain -laundry business, with furniture; very
cheap. 333 Fell St., near Gough.
HOME bakery and coffee parlors; must be sold
at once; price $150. Address box 1311. Call.
OLD established saloon and lunch place: rea-
sonable. 49 Stevenson si., near Second.
RESTAURANT for sale; trial given; no
agents. Inquire 651 Sacramento st.
$£>"> — CORNER saloon: good business; well
. fitted out. Apply 417 Hares st. ,
DRUGSTORE doing a good business; sick- ■
r.ess cause of sale. E. E. BONCE. 908 :
Broadway. Oakland-
ssso— Saloon, club rooms and cigars; fine fix-
tures: a gold mine. KREDO &. CO., 22^4
Geary st. .
?J>0 — Corner grocery and bar; value in stock;
• ially receipts. $25. KREDQ & CO . 22yfe Geary.
Ji-.O — Fine saloon; 40 minutes from city; good i
town; bonanza. KREDO & CO., 22V4 Geary.
CORNER grocery, bar; very good location.. s4so
A good branch bakery and delicacy store. 3>X>
A very nice cigar store; good location 300
Three good saloons and ? restaurants for
s ( ale it ANDERSON & CO.'S. 777 Market st.
FOR - lie— Branch bakery, . confectionery and
stationery, corner store, with living rooms, !
°« la" Western Addition; kept by present owner :
1C r-->ars. Address this of See. |
bTKAM merry-go-round fcr sale; guaranteed J
firs*.-?iass order; $1000; party leaving State. '.
Addresa D. P. RAIRDON. 1147 Harrison st. |
GOOD -Jeiicacy^Etore and coffee parlor: good
g loeatien; owner going to Klondike. 123 Tay- !
lor Ei. • i ''^ ;
' P.ESTAt'RANT established 3 years for sale;
r.c reasonable price refused: business good. ;
Call at 513^4 Jones St., -.ear Geary. •
BARBER shop for sale cheap; 2 chairs; good ''
paying; rent $8. Cor. Twenty-fourth and :
Valencia its. j
CIGAR store for sale cheap; good business lo-
cality. 51S Hayes st.
BERLIN restaurant for sale cheap. 249 Fourth.
BALOOX for sale cheap. 113 O'Farrell st.
FOR — Small grocery and bar; living ;
rooms; low rent. 438 Clementina st.
SHOE shop complete; tools, patching machine. )
Call at 1102 Clay st. :
• HAND laundry for sale cheap; country. Ad-
"<lress box 1255. Call.
I'OR SALE— A complete planing mill plant.
including a 50-horte power boiler and engine, i
: at very low price. Address A. F. GILBERT. I
Oakdale Lumber Yard, Oakdale, Stanislaus j
c County. Cal. I
ONE of the best-paying restaurants in the city; ;
located on principal street. For particulars
address WM. HERRMAN. 620 Washington St. '
BARGAIN, on account of departure; paying
coal and wood business in running order;
good location. Box 1257. Call office. j
CORNER grocery and bar; 2 living rooms; good i
place for man and wife. 117 Fulmore st,
A CHANCE for a bright gent or lady to buy '
interest In the "Wedding Bell" publication;
$600 and references required. Inquire person- '
-ally of R. BENJAMIN. 11l Ellis St.. city.
$100— Bakery, notion and circulating library and
furniture for housekeeping; present parties
--" have run it five years; rent $10. Cor. Castro
and Henry sts. ---*"- % ; j
NEWSPAPER routes and general news i
agency: price $3,«00 cash: principals only. Ad- •
dress Agent, box 1249. Call of flee. j
BRANCH bakery, confectionery, notions, sta- I
tionery, library cigars; cheap for cash. Ad- j
dress box 1224. Call. - j
FOR sale — Good store for man and wife; home
bakery; all store trade. Apply Call office;
no agents. . "
6HOESHOP for sale; well established; cheap
rent/ 2009 Hyde st.. near Union.
GROCERY and bar for sale cheap; fine loca-
tion. Inquire 340 Keamy st. 1
CIGAR-store; NW. corner California and
Kegrny sts. ' i
FIRST-CLASS saloon: best location: receipts \
from $15 to $45 per day; nearly all day work:
too much other business: will sell for '.ess
than half value. Grocery, corner of Sixth !
and Howard sts. ■ j
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN. Rerlst'd Pat. j
Agents; established ISC2. 319 Pine St.. city.
HONEY loaned en watches, diamonds. Jewelry:-
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay. j
PLAY the races on our new system; $60 a !
week on $100 capital guaranteed or no charge
fcr services. The American Turf Bureau,
rooms 5 and 6, £50 Market St.. San Francisco. [
BLACKSMITH shop for sale or rent : eatab- j
lished 15 years. Address H. MATTHIESEN. ;
Livermore.-Cal. " I
PORTLAND agency thin paper. Inquire this J
office or at 133 Third st.. Portland. Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st. :
_«7 MONTGOMERY ft., branch office of the !
A "all; wont ads and subscriptions taken. '
lIRMTIKE FCR SALE.
I ITURE and carpets of S-r<x>m house, as
a whole or in parts. i>4 Sutler st.. bet.
Powell and. Mason. Open 30 a. m. to 4 p. m.
£27 MONTGOMERY? cor. Clay-Open until 9: SO
• - of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken. J
PERSONALS.
FINE room to rent to gentleman by a
German widow •at 257 Lexington aye., be-
tween Nineteenth and Twentieth. _^_
MATRIMONIAL..
ALL seeking marriage, call or send 10c for
February "Wedding Bell"; 14 pages: no $5 re-
quired. Editor. 11l Ellis st, San Francisco.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
QUINOXIA, a perfect" hair tonic; harmless,
beneficial. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
XEW method • massage, electric treatment;
heated room. MRS. JOHNSTON, 5144 Geary. ]
THE beauty of hair can only be retained by j
careful dressing. I charge but 25c. Good j
switches, $1; bost. finest quality. $3 50; extra
heavy, long. $5. Open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
JOS. GREVEN has actually proven his ability
to cure every voice ruined by bad habits or
j poor singing methods and develop it to the
; greatest strength and beauty in a short time.
: Murphy building. Market and Jones sts.
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish
movement. Mf Market, room 25, second floor.
TRUNKS moved, ix:. Commercial Transfer
Co., 22 Stockton st.; phone Main 49.
I ELECTRIC lights in every 'room; Winchester
House. 44 Third st., nr. Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, mm.de In
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 635 Clay St.. S. F.
CaL. Institute. 43214 Geary: hypnotism taught: ,
diplomas Issued; diseases and habits cured. I
EUIT ■to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market *t.. bet. 7th and »th.
Jl4— Suit to order: samples; try one. NBU-
HAUS & CO.. tailors. US Ke%rny Bt.
CLOAKS and tailor-made suits retailed at
wholesale fir-ire*. X Pansome st.
| DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
$■* up: dresses made over. 6 Eddy St.. rm. 88. |
— ~— — — — ~— — — — — «M— — — — — — — ■~~~~~~~~~~~~~*~* j
CLAIRYO YAXTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
| clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
j will reveal every hidden mystery in life: shs
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separated, recovers lost,
I stolen or buried property: locates treasures,
1 minerals: tells your entire life, past, present
I and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to sp. m. : perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
I 25 and 26. 12 Market St., opp. Sixth.
! MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
' reader: born double veil and second sight;
; diagnose? disease; full life reading: ladies 50c,
gents sl: palm, and clalrv.: sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. IDA SCHMIDT, magnetist. card reader
and fortune teller: German. Spanish and
French spoken. 234 O'Farrell, rooms 4 and 5.
MRS. JOHNSON, card reader and magnetic
healer. US'* Ellis St., room 51. l
MRS. FAIRBANKS, clairvoyant: circle Tues.
Fri. eves . We; readings daily, 25c. ."Or. 105 €th.
CLAIRVOYANT, tea and card readings, 50c
and $1. 812 A Laguna st.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2. 120^4 Geary st.
MISS ■LARK, card reader and palmist. 120 A
Eddy st., room 3. "
MISS TROY from Chicago, magnetic healer
and card reader. 1015 Market, rm. 17. 2d floor.
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card-
reader; 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. ARCHER, clairvoyant and mind-reader.
IOIH Grant a've., room 15.
MISS L. DEAN, magnetic healing, card
reader. 906 Market St.. room 41. top floor.
MME. LE NORMANDE, clairvoyant, ! card-
reader, magnetic treatment 401 Leaver.worth.
IDA INGLEWOOD, card-reader, magnetic
healer. 126 Fourth st., room 23.
MME LINEMAR tells fortunes by planets;
prd'td "74" steamer on island. 23H Sixth, r. 6.
: MISS BELL GRANT, card reading and mag-
netic healing. 122 Post st-. room M,
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT. 131 Taylor St., room
S: mind .reader and palmist. "
MRS. SHAFFER. itest and business medium;
sittings daily. 123H Sixth st.. room 14.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First In her pro-
; re—ran: never falls: advice: help. 929 Post.
; , . *l'lh 1 I ALISM.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet se-
ance, 8 p. m.. 25c: Sunday, 12 m.. Mother
Sadie materializing seance, 50c. 409 Leav-
enworth . st. . .
GRAPHOPHONE concert by Mrs. J. J. Whit-
ney, Ladies' Aid. to-night. 605 McAllister st.
MISS' MELVILLE. great clairvoyant and
water reader. tttb Mission; German spoken.
MRS. ALICE FAY. medium .and magnetic
| healer, 32 Lewis St.. off Jones,- near Post.
I MISS SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
' spiritual sittings. 230 Kearny st., room 24.
A. M. FRANCIS, independent slate- writer: de-
veloping circle Wednesday eve. lIS Halght st.
MBS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, ■ for
messages and advice. 218 Stockton st.
615 LARKTN Branch office of The Call.
Subscrir'iccs and want ads taken.
. . HYPNOTISM-
S. F. COLLEGE OF SUGGESTIVE THERA-
PEUTICS. 311" Van Ness aye.; demonstrations :
every Friday evening, 8 O'clock; free; private
lessons daily. -
CAL. Institute. 402H Geary; hypnotism taught;
diplomas issued; diseases and habits cured. -
'* ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
KLONDIKE
• • -
Wanted— ls more men to go to Dawson
City, leaving here about March 1 In the
employ of the Alaska Transportation. Trad-
Ing and Mining Company; steady employ-
ment guaranteed on reaching Alaska; $500
cash required. For particulars call at com- :
pany's offices, rooms 20 and 21, Chronicle
building, San Francisco.
TWO respectable women would like engage-
ments to go to Klondike as cook and wait-
ress. Address box 1239. Call Office. i
PARTY forming for gold fields; start March 1. I
1236 Market St.. room 12«. |
DOGS for Klondike— 2s strong dogs for imme-
diate use. 510 Van Ness aye. - ". J
FOR sale— Three (3) Scotch collie dogs, suita-
ble for Klondike work. Apply C. KRAMER.
400 Pacific st. j
WHAT you must haye — The only makers of the
genuine Klondike moccasin on this Coast.
Pacific Shoe Co.. 139 First st.
WANTED— SOO men to buy the new Pitt or rip
saw; works both ways like a crosscut. 17-19 j
Fremont st. _
KLONDIKERS— SpeciaI rates for a limited
number going by Victoria. Call or write j
tOH Third st. ■-:■.. I
FOR SALE— big St. Bernard dogs; trained ,
for Klondike. Box 1259. Call office. i
VESSELS for sale: steam or sail, river or j
ccean. H. G. SHAW. 4 Sutler st.
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed
and delivered to boats. SBARBORO * CO..
wholesale and retail rrccers.s3l Washington.
m:vn>is.
i FULL set of teeth. 13; painless extraction: see
; our combination plate, thin as paper; war-
ranted 10 years: teeth without plates: crown
and bridge work our specialty: teeth lm-
j.lanted or transplanted: fillings. 50c: crowns.
|3 50; all work painless and warranted.
i Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth »t.
j VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors: painless'
dentistry: no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact: full set of teeth. IS up; silver
fillings. 25c up: gold crowns. (3 DO up: your
teeth put in without a plate; open evening*.
! 957 Market st.. oor. Sixth; 'Phone Jessie 1635.
NeTv YORK Dentists— Painless extraction. 50c;
plates. $5: gold filling. 75c up; sliver. 25c up;
plates mended. |1 up: special Inducements
to Klondikers; open evenings and Sundays.
{•6S Mission st.. cor. Sixth.
DR. LTDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th; no
charge for extracting when plates are made:
old plates made over like new; teeth from IS
per set; extracting Zfic; gas given.
PR. GEOROE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extract! m and
pflteote* of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 5 to W O'Farrell.
L A. TEAGVK. aT CANE" and F. TEAGCE.
removed t<". Call bldg.. 6th floor, rms". 603-SO7.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C
YOUXO. IS4I Polk st.
ELEVENTH. H*— Branch office of Tha Call;
•üb&criptions and want ads taken.
THE SAX FBAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 189 S.
HOUSES TO LET. -: \
ALL~OVER. TOWN' j = — — -
You see houses to rent 'by BALDWIN &
HO WELL, 10 Montgomery. .' '■ " . '■ i ."■
DEVISADERO. 727— House, 7 rooms, bath; rent
fid: stable If desired. "
house of 7 rooms, bath. $17; cottage of 5
rooms, bath. $14: also corner flat of a rooms,
bath. $15. 1152 East Fifteenth st., cor. tM aye.
HOUSE 7 rooms, bath and laundry; garden
front and rear. 732 Shotwell st. * -
HOUSE of 5 room's; large grounds. Apply 401
Third st. ■ . . -."
JULIAN aye., 117. near Sixteenth and Mis-
7-room house; latest improvements. $15.
I MODERN sunny house of 9 rooms; every im-
| provement. 511 Devisadero st. - ; '
$S— CHEAP; 3 rooms; lower part of house. 305
First St.. Just above Folsom.
$.«— HOUSE, 5 rooms, |in fine or-jer, like new.
1567 Kearny St., near Greenwich.
FIRMSHFh HOUSES^ J _
FURNITURE, etc. of a 5-room house privl-
| lege of renting premises. 21S Elm aye.
I FURNITURE, etc.. of 10 rooms for sale: privi-
I lege renting premises. Box 1145, Call office.
TO RENT— Furnished residence of 11 rooms
with attic and basement. Apply 1255 Octa-
via street, between Ellis and O'Farrell; $SO.
COTTAGES TO LET.
; COTTAGE of 7 rooms and. large basement;
rent $15. 356 Fell st.
j SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms, bath; base-
ment; yard: cheap. 1576 l."th St.. nr. Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
i ALL OVER TOWnT •~~~-"- — -^-"
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN A
HOWKLL. 1C Montgomery st. •
; BAKER. MS, opposite Park Panhandle— rooms
: and bath; modern; rent $25.
i EDDY. 1541— Healthful sunny corner flat: 6
i rooms, bath; modern improvements; ■ rent
reasonable. * ■■-■•
FELL, — Upper flat 6 sunny rooms; alcove
j parlors, etc.
! Z
FLAT to let. Apply at 333 Golden Gate aye.
, FLAT of 7 rooms and bath, suitable fcr room-
ing and private house. £51 Folsom. near Sixth.
FURNISHED floor for housekeeping: central;
private; references. Box 1317, Call office.
: GEARY, 1513— Flat of 5 nice sunny rooms; to
j atiulu;; JIT. Apply on premises.
GUERRERO. 1411. near Twenty-sixth— rooms
. and bath: $15.
HOWARD. 72$%— A flat of 5 rooms In good
; order. Key at 72?, upstairs.
$9— LOWER flat. 4 rooms; yard. 109 Germania
i St., near Fillmore and Waller. -
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry,
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
: $13 — NICE sunny flat 5 rooms; bath, gas and
yard. 3?30 Nineteenth, bet. Sanchez and Noe.
$14 — NICE sunny flat 5 rooms; bath, gas and
yard. 25 Ford st., between Sanchez and Noe.
SUNNY side fiat 8 rooms: rent reasonable;
furnished or unfurnished. 1610 A California st.
| — gunny bay-window flat; 6 rooms and bath-
1 room: 1710 Washington St., near Polk.
$22 50 Sunny bay-window flat: 6 rooms and
bathroom. 1533 Clay st., cor. Polk.
. TAYLOR. 131— Flat of 4 unfurnished rooms and
bath. Inquire on premises.
WALLER. 312% — flat of 4 rooms; bath
and cellar.
HOLSEKEEPIXG ROOMS.
CENTRAL (52 Second)— Front room, complete
I for housekeeping; single and double; cheap. "
1 EDDY. Nicely furnished connecting house-
keeping rooms; gas range; private family.
| ELEVENTH. — 2 front rooms neatly fur-
j nished for housekeeping; bay-window; $12.
I ELLIS. 633, corner Lark: Front bay-window;
; alcove; mantel; 2 or S gents preferred.
i GEARY, 111— Front room with. kitchen; com-
plete for housekeeping: other rooms; offices.
i GEARY, Light housekeeping and other
sunny single and double rooms; no children.
GEARY, SlS— Elegant stany furnished rooms,
. $S up; also suites; gas, bath; housekeeping.
GEARY, 1917— 520 for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms; bath: 2 beds; gas and coal stoves,
all necessaries. ■'
| GOLDEN GATE. 404— Sunny floor: 4 rooms for
i housekeeping; also unfurnished basement.
GOLDEN GATE.' Sunny; parlor.floor; com-
. plete for housekeeping;. $25; also basement. .
; GOLDEN GATE, 2 or 3. large, nicely fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping, or single;
gas cook stove; free use of telephone.
. GUERRERO. 215 — ( lovely furnished sunny
rooms, complete for housekeeping: double '
: parlors, dining room, kitchen, bath, laun-
: dry, etc. • i. '
HARRISON. 916, near Sixth— Furnished rooms ;
for housekeeping; also single room's.
' HICKORY AVE-. 181— Two suites of large
housekecpln rms. : every convenience: $8 . up.- :
; HOWARD. 704 — large.* sunny rooms complete ']
i for housekeeping, $12: other rooms. 11: week. '
HOWARD. 762— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
large unfurnished room: others; $4 month. j
HOWARD, S2l— One room, $S; 2, $9; also other
rooms. ■ .
HOWARD, 1059%— sunny rooms; compiete for
! housekeeping; 18 mo.; single, double rooms. :■
HOWARD, — Nice .-■ sunny housekeeping
rooms: private family: cheap.
! HYDE. 230 — sunny furnished rooms com-
j plete for housekeeping: rent $15 per month.
i —^— — —^_^___^
i JESSIE. 433 — 2 nice sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; rent $3 50.
! LARKIN. 625*,. third bell— or three sunny
■' unfurnished rooms for housekeeping; running
water, bath; rent reasonable.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry:
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
NEW MONTGOMERY, 105— Complete furnished !
housekeeping, rooms, $6 per month; single, $4 .
OCTAVIA. 1403. corner Geary— Front ■ connect- !
j ing parlors: sun all day; gas stove.
! POLK, Large sunny bay-window room.
with kitchen; $13 month: water, gas.
PROSPECT place. 123, between California and
Sacramento — 2 large front' sunny furnished
rooms. $S month; housekeeping if desired;
German family.
i SEVENTEENTH. 3622—2 sunny furnished
! rooms for housekeeping, bath connecting. $10.
SIXTH. 136— 2 nice. sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping; others, $5 month up.
I SIXTEENTH, 2926— Large double parlors with
', regular kitchen, sunny, furnished, $16; un-
furnished. $11.
, STANLEY Place, 19— 6 nice sunny rooms.
Including bath.
! STEVENSON, 1204—2 sunny front rooms, un-
furnished, $4 per month.
SUTTER, 913— Large unfurnished front room
C with alcove; modern conveniences; private .
jf family. . . :
I THIRD, 143 — Sunny housekeeping rooms, com-
' plete; front, first floor: bath. gas. : . r
! TURK. 530—3 or 4 newly furnished rooms;
complete for housekeeping. : .'■.■-..- -i
ROOMS TO LET. t
; AT the Florence Hotel, 102 Ellis, cor. Powell—
! Elegant sunny rooms, en suite or. single; a
quiet home for families and those who appre-
I elate comfort; elevator, - baths; moderate ■
j charges. - : ;—-.•.-■■ !
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny Pleasant
sunny rooms, ' en suite and single: first-class
In ev«ry respect: terms reasonable. '..,-
BOHEMIA, 23&— Newly furnished sunny rooms, i
: 3 blocks from Palace; transient; reasonable.
; BUSH. Elegantly furnished sunny front
parlor, $10; private family.
CLAY, 1423— Tw0 pleasant sunny unfurnished
rooms for light housekeeping. . . . vi-
; DELAWARE, " 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms. $5 and $19 mo. ; nice suites.
' EDDY. 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night.
I 50c to $1: week, $2 to $6; families. ,
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant unfurnished rooms to let.
GEARY. '4O2 — Sunny furnished rooms for gents;
H and $7. ! -■ .-■■-- ; : ■-.-_::: -...-.■■ ■ •
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and '.
■ Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single: elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK HOUSE, "SI Mission: select family
rooming house; $1 50 to fl >er week. .
HAVES. 421— Two furnished rooms. V ".! ."..-■ {■<
HOWARD. ;■■ 715. ST. " DAVID'S— 2OO rooms; .
suites; single: sunny reading-room; 25c % up. •■•
HOWARD, 9S9— Doctor's office, furnished com- i
plete; also suites: other rooms. $5 per mo. up.
HOWARD, . 1129— Furnished ; front rooms .from
" $4 month • up. v ' ' "" '.' ,
HYDE. 1105— Front sunny, room; : . gas, ; bath,
' running' water: breakfast; $10 month. ;: : !
KEARNY. 229 (Charleston)— Cleanest, nicest
furnished suite and single rooms In city; rea- <
portable. ■"; ■ '"■.*■ '-'- '*•' -' ■". '• '■- "■ ■" ' i*< I
MCALLISTER. 511— Nicely furnished large light
parlors, single or en suite, $S up; housekeep
MCALLISTER. Nicely furnished ri front
«uUe;^Jls per 'month; hot and cold water. i
ROOMS ; TO . LET— Continued.
MONEY loaned on watches. diamonds, jewelry;
low interest.- UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
NEW . FRANKLIN, - 321*. Pacific— Rooms,r fur-
I nished or unfurnished;' day, .week or. month.
FINE.; 6Sl— Nice furnished rooms. ,;; V .
PINS, 73&-^Nicely furnished sunny parlor
suite. • . •■'■"■ - . : v: - --'-■:-■ .-•. ..
POWELL. 203 (The • Montello)— Sunny suites
• and • singly rooms: reasonable; 'transient. .
POWELL, :,'.?2OE— Nicely furnished . sunny
rooms, K. . . ' ..' "... ". •.-"."
It. R. HOUSE. 533 Commercial, near Mont-
gmy— Beds.. 10c; 15c. etc: coffee and rolls free.
SEVENTH, 118— Nicely furnished front room;
also back unfurnished room. , --.". ",; q
SEVENTH, 142— Furnished suites and single
rooms at lowest rates. MRS. -PRAHL. prop.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 88 Eighth st,
- near : Market: furnished and -. unfurnished. •
STOCKTON. 17 — European: elegant : rooms; ;
suite or single: day. week or month; baths;
hot and cold water; transient: elevator.
STOCKTON Gil. near Pine— Splendid suite of
3 large furnished rooms; garden, bath,
BUTT— 304— Nice sunny : furnished rooms;
central: reasonable: single or en suite.
i SITTER. 309— Changed hanus: new furniture:
! suites or single: transient; terms reasonable.
SUTTER. 715-717-71?. and 609 Hyde— Furnished
and unfurn.; choice and sunny; reasonable.
TAYLOR. 804— Sunny front parlors, single or. en
; suite, $5 month up; bath, gas, grate: private.
TENTH. 11l Large sunny front rooms; house-
keeping if desired. ; - -
j TURK, 303— Large front bay-window bedroom,
newly furnished. ,
'■ TURK. Nicely furnished rooms; clean;
. bath, etc. : $5 per month; double, $10. .
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3345— Large unfurnished
front room; also furnished. ■ .
VAX NESS 51S— Sunny back parlor; privilege
of housekeeping If desired; $12.
4 MARKET- ST.— Branch office of The Call."
Want ads and subscriptions taken. •-■■■•- ,
BOARDING AND ROOMS
WANTED— In a quiet Protestant family where
': there are no other boarders two gentlemen,
i either friends or brothers, who would be will-
ing to occupy one sunny room with separate
beds; bath included; terms very reasonable;
j references exchanged: quiet neighborhood;
: cars pass the door. Address A. P.. 2554 Fol-
som ft. " ,
' EDDY, 220— Sunny front single and double
j rooms; first-class board. $3 50. • - ;;
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $s. per week: nice : location. •'
CHILDREN BOARDED.
HEALTHY locati * near school ; large yurd:
best of care for 1 or 2 children. 2524 Mission. -
LOVING care, sunny home, enough to eat, for
little ones; reasonable*. Eddy st.
STORES TO LET.
STORE. 3 rooms, cellar and yard; rent $14.
: 326 Ninth st. .' ; - . .
! MISSION. 2943— and three living rooms,
$10 per month. Apply upstairs. _
• STORE, with fixtures, corner Howard and La-
fayette sts.: cheap rent. . . -
TWENTY-SECOND. 332S— Store, three rooms
and' hall: large yard; rent $15.
: CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call.. Sent to any address In the United
States cr Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free. ' ■"■ ■ " . '
I A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Tho Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy. languages/English branch-
; ts; electrical, civil _ mining engineering, sur- -
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since I^2; catalogue. •
ACRES' Business College, .723 Market St.;
. individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
- bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; . life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per. week and month.
ENGINEERING school; civil, 'electrical, mm•-
• ing, mech., survey, assay, archlt. ; day _ eve.;
est. 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN. 533 Market.
BOOKKEEPING ana rapid calculations;' a
: course in Tarr's countintr room makes you
thorough. Room 572. $55 Market st.
.LUDLAM School ■'. Elocution and Dramatic
Art. 92S Putter st. ...
.FISK Agency. 825 Market -sL— rTeach«rs -fur-
- nished; public; private: governesses; tutors. _
MISS GAMBLE'S dancing school. 317 Devlsa-
dero: adults. Fri., S p.rr..; children. Thu.. 1:19. ■
' SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket St.; 124 positions in '9«: 103 in '97. .
INSTRUCTION. in tapestry painting, etc.: les-
sons, 25c Studio. 419 Geary st . room 11.
. GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons,
$3 per month.. MARY WESTHAUS.-39 Fifth.
VOICE culture, piano Paris graduate:' French.
" Spanish; new classes; $2 mo. 109 Taylor st
MUSICAL IXSTRI ME.\TS.
WHAT'S THAT? . YOU ARE?
. GOING TO BUY A PIANO?
WELL,' NOW, WHAT DO YOU WANT?
A piano made in 1898, with every dollar ex-
" pended on the "Instrument, modern in every
■ respect, with all the late attachments, or the
same old piano made from 1849 scales?
- I have a piano to sell that I will guarantee
from 'top to bottom, and will back it with
every dollar I have. As I own my own build-
Ing and store, and as the manufacturers also
back this instrument with $2.000,808, this, I
j think, a good guarantee. . . - . . ~
! The piano is the Klngsbury. "
The price. Is $225. • -. . -•-" -. • -
I . The address Is 5"26 Hayes st
The firm is J. HARRY SCOTT.
ON account :of extensive alterations in our
worerooms we offer -the following bargains:
One Newhall piano ..$55
• One Raven --& Bacon piano :..; 70
One New York-piano : 100
One Gilbert piano '. 125
, One Mathushek' piano ..... ..'..... . 140
** One Weber piano ". •....."........"...... 165 -
One Gabler piano  ; :..".'..:.. 135
One Jewett piano "...... 21"
One Stelnway piano '....;../ 2SO
One Steck piano :\.. V.vr.r .".:.:. .•.-...;'345
One Chlckvring. piano 335
All guaranteed: easy payments. BENJ
CURTAZ & SON. 1C to 20 O'Farrell st.
ANY person having use for a piano need not
do without when good instruments can be
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3. $4, $5, $6, $7, $s, $3,
$10: handsome scarf and wood seat stool In-
cluded; no- charge for cartage. Purchase your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Steinway '"without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway
Dealers, cor. Keamy and Sutter sts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, I organs
• and all other musical instruments ■• of all
grades and prices. Terms easy ; prices low-
est. Everything - possible done to please and
satisfy the customer. ■.;
EASTERN factory prices; special bargains in
used pianos this -week: .: agency Hardman.
Chase Bros.; Dewing Bros., etc: Pteinwav
$150. THE J. DEWING CO.. second floor.
Flood Building. Fourth and Market eta.
A > FINE " line •- of , second-hand pianos offered
this week .at r very "low , prices, Including
Stelnways.; Chlckering, Hallett & Davis.
Emerson and other*. THE F. W. SPENCER
CO.; 933; Market st. ' : •
FINE tone, large size upright, $125: great bar-
gain; new. Decker _ Son and Gibson pianos
. at low prices. MAUYAI?. 759 Market st. - .
COLBY pianos are the best for the money In
the market; highest award at World's Fair;
call and see for yourselves. 833 Market st.
SOHMER _ CO.. Byron Mauzy, Xewby. Evans.
. Brtggs and other pianos: pee our rent plan;
, no Interest first year.' 308. 310, 312 Post st. ■'■'
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— sell pianos at
Immense reduction for ■ rr>.«h or on Install-
ments. EATON ESTATE. 73.-1 Market St. '
PIANO, lovely instrument, equal to new; sac-
rifice for $45. » 1131H Mission st. ..." V
JSO— DURABLE upright | piano, . action .perfect, !
' for sale on installments. ■ 221 Leavenwurth st.
BARGAIN— Good Bteinway piano in ; first-class
■ condition, ■? only - $100. f" 20S Post , st. , ; , .
$125— Fine upright: great bargain. 1? McAllis-
ter St.. next Hlbernla Bank. SCHMITZ. ". -, %
AGENCY Halnes : Bros, pianos: : . second-hand
pianos. $75 up. W. .C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KNABE pianos:' ■* new scale: new ■ styles.
. KOHLER * CHASK. 80 O'Farrell st. ■:,
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old' and new. QH.
: . MULLER. maker, repairer.' 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST ad. v lowest price. Heine. 138 Ellis.
839 HATES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Pubscriptions and ads taken. ; . ".".'.■,.-,
STORAGE.
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos, i
household goods; clean, light compartments:
advances ma<l». J. WOOMAW. ml to 1023
Mission st.. above Sixth: open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household goMs. pianos; ad-,
vanres made: fireproof building. F. W.
ZEHFTSP. 340 Mission st. Tel. Mint IS2I.
TYPEWRITERS.
YOST, good order. J25; send for sample work, j
6COTT & BAXXAX. 333 Montgomery at I
city .'.EAL estate. -^
'Slosf>— 2sxl2o FEET: west .tide Sixth aye., near
Fulton st.. Richmond District. >- ■ -
$K*«3— North -side Geneva* aye.. 233 feet west
old San Jose road. w.es: SS, northwest on San
Jose railroad 170, * east 114, south 160 to Geneva
avenue. » -:■•• -.■ * ':■.-/ •■ ■ t; .:.-.',,; : ■-.
$450—50x120; west side Twenty-fourth aye.,
near A at., -Richmond District. '-' - '
CHAS. C. FISHER. €24 Market' st., upstairs.
entrance Bovee, Toy & Sonntag.
; $1400— cottage. 4 j rooms and bath; lot 2.7
';■ by. 125; * 423 Douglas st. . Call at SPECK'S.
602 Market St.. or £65 Mission st. , ; ...
NEW house. 7 rs., bath; easy terras: Mission:
' swap, part r»aymt for lot. BABIX. 413 Kearny.
615 . LA UK IN * ST.— Branch office =of The Ca.». .
.- Subscriptions and want' ads taken. :.:■'■•
, COUNTRY itEAL ESTATE.
BOOK | and list of cheap land free. M. M.
GRrFFIN. Cottonwood. ■ Shasta County. Ca.l.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE-
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IX LARKSPUR. • -
Villa lots and acreage: easy terms: 43 minutes
from the city: cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market st.
aiOXEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6H per cent on real estate;
Jd and 3d mortgages, estates, undivided inter-
ests, real estate in probate, life insurance,
- goods In warehouse, furniture and pianos
:'; without removal; mortgages and legacies
bought; no delay. R. McCOLGA-N. 24 Mont-
gomery, room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in. S. V.. Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
I removal; no commissions: no delays. J. !
j NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth:
tel. South 14.
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal: mdse In storage; life Ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc.: low In-
terest; private; no com. R. 68, 1170 Market.
$5 UP to any amount on indorsed paper, j
p'.anos, furniture or jewelry; all business (
. strictly confidential ; private offices. M. E.
DOUG AN & CO.. 230 Kearny St.: upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
! Store. 948 Market st. tel. Green 204.
OX furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates: no commission: $25 up;
private party. , BONELLI, 402 Geary »t.
LOANS on real 'estate and on furniture or
pianos without removal: any amount: lowest
rates. BECKER & CO.. 323 Montgomery st.
GO to a regular - licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth ft., upstairs: strictly private: low
rates: tel. Red 1121: established 1863. '•' ; ;,'
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. 508 California st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and Id mort-
gages, estates, etc. yMfRPHT-. ■ 62S Mkt st.
ON pianos,' : furniture: "no removal: lowest'
rates: no com.: private.' 116 McAllister st. \
SIXTH. 10— Most reliable place to borrow
money; diamonds and Jewelry. <
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
j scriptions and want ads taken. ; ■'
FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real -estate, bonds, etc. ; lowest
rates. Me A FEE BROS*. IPS Mont gome-— st.
MEDICAL. '
ALL Ladles— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women:
50 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted: travelers treated: no
delay; self-cure sent: call or write: free: con»
fldential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, 59
McAllister St.; pills, $2.
ALL monthly Irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at one: saf*
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid; Instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity: home In confinement:
best care and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going, else-
where: regulating ■ pills ana capsules. $1.
MRS DR. WYETH, 91S Post St.. nr. Larkln.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home In confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER, 225 Turk st.
SURE cure, when others fail: no medicine or
. Instruments: every woman her own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no matter from
what cause; restore in 1 day; never fails:
consultation free; can be sent and used at
home. DR. POPPER, 313 Kearny; orders by
telephone.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
' cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no instruments used: cure at of-
fice, So; consultation free: hours 10 to 5. DR.
AND MRS. KOHL. 1118 Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, diseases of women; ladles:
safe, quick cur guaranteed: any ailment;
maternity home; best care; skill only; low
fees: Dr. Schuck's self-cure. *5. 401 Van Ness..
A BOON to wives and mothers Seguro: price
j *1 50. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay St.: send
[ So stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
| facturing Co., 531 X st., Sacramento. Cal.
i ALPEATTS French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe, cure: J2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
BAD legs made good; all swollen or ulcer-
ated limbs quickly cured. DR. MYERS.
: Stockton. Cal.: treatment by mail.
i CAPSULETAS— Preventive: sure: harmless;
guaranteed or moiey refunded. ' MME. MAS-
SON. 1223 Geary st. •...._
DR. HALL. 59 McAllister St.; diseases of wo-
men and children. \ :
-LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience.- 254-» Fourth st.
HOME- in confinement: diseases ..of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 141" Sth St.. Alameda.
DRS. K. * K. cure chronic, nervous, . blood,
skin or private dls bps. 8 Mason St.. S. F.
■ LOST.
LOST— February 22, screw diamond stud, be-
| tween Bush Ft. and entrance to Chufes. Lib-
eral reward by returning to 2420 A Bush, sL
i LOST— On steam cars at Cliff House. February
- 22, a black leather < purse containing $20 40:
owner's name on cards. Finder please send
j'. or leave at Presidio P. O. ; suitable »*ward. jg
LOST on city front— Srindle hound, with black
■ nose; tag 609-. Deliver to McCULLOUGH, 901
Battery St.. and receive reward. ;
FOX terrier bitch: red ribbon and collar: pet
of little girl: reward. 22]"--, Mason st.
- • .• ~ HORSES. . .
YOUNG buggy mare for sale cheap. 34 Syca-
more aye., off Mission St.. near Seventeenth.
' $20— YOUNG business mare; sound: stands
without hitching. BOTTON. 22 Post st. '■ ' \
1 KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan's Stockyards, Tenth and Bryant sta.
I BUGGIES, wagons, ', horses, carts bought, sold
I cr exchanged; cheap storage: 40 horses; must
j sell. T. P. NEWELL, ISO 2 Mission, cor. 14th.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, ', buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 827 Sixth St.. auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneer*.
! 615 LARKIN Branch office of , The Call.
\ Subscriptions and want ads taken. ' : :"-. '"•-•«
WAGONS ASD : CARRIAGES. -
WE sell at bargains the second-hand carriages.
' coupes and wagonettes - taken ■ in exchange.
O'BRIEN- & SONS, corner Golden Gate aye.
I■ , and Polk st. - -.-:.- ..'■"...-■.:.. - ■•'_-..'.■:' 7. '■■;;,■•--•'
I SECOND-HAND grocery. bakery delivery
; wagons. 2-wheeled carts, road .wagons, bug-
> ' pies and harness bargains for cash. Fifteenth
and Valencia 'sts. ■ \ ;. '.'■•'■■ '■,■'■ ■■ ' . "■■'■*-:?#
' FINE laundry, baker's and milk.wago.ns cheap-
••■ for cash or installments: 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. S2S Harrison at. . '" ( -;r:
€15 LARKIX ST.— Branch office, of The Call. .
Subscriptions and want ads taken. • '. ,rV.
;-• PROPOSALS. :^ ':".;*■;
NOTICE" TO "cbxTRACTORS^-The Equitable
.'■ Gaslight Company invites bids from Gall for-
* . nlan contractors en brick buildings, corru-
: gated iron i. buildings;. . : foundations j for gas
holders, generators : and machinery on : gas
holders and steel tanks, oil and water. tanks,
1 ■ boilers.', pumps, : blowers, exhausters," engines
and other machinery; also cast Iron gas pipe
per ton of 16. ; 14, , 12. 10. 3. 6 and 4 ■ inches in
' diameter,. Plans and. specifications can seen
at " the ; company's office.'.- rooms 19 and 20
; eighth floor. Mills building, San Francisco. :k
SAN FRANCISCO,' Cal., Feb. ' 23, lS9g— Sealed
proposals. In triplicate,; will be received here,
and at office ."of. Quartermaster. San • Diego
Barracks. Cal.. until 11 o'clock a. m.., March
' IS3S, arid' then opened, for furnishing wood
•nd coal for "Alcatrk2 -'lsland/- Angel Island;
Fort Baker, Benida Barracks, 1 . Fort Mason,
Presidio -of San ■ Francisco, "■ San • Diego Bar-
' - racks -"and San Francisco, , Cal... during .' fiscal
year commencing ; July ' 1, --. }S?S.i" Government
reserves . right ' to - reject at accept any. and
all : - -bids, . or any -. part : thereof. •-. Preference
W given to articles of domestic production, con-
. ditions of quality and price t including In the
- price of foreign productions the duty thereon)
being '{ equal, and i such , preference « given -. to -
- articles ' of American • production ; produced ' on
•" , Pacific Coast to extent of consumption re-
quired by the public. service there. Informa-
• tion furnished ■on application to Quartermaster;
. at : Pan ; Diego- Barracks,;:- or •to , undersigned.
" Envelopes containing proposals should -be : In- -
- dorsed ?■ "Proposals • for wood ; (or j coal)." '■■ and
' addressed ■ to said ; Quartermaster, ;or to J AS. k .
t$ M. MOORE." ' • Assistant " Quartermaster-Gen-
"■■• eral, U. : S. A., ; Chief Quartermaster; --»..>
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY:
- \ OAKLAND j REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL piece of property for sale near
Lake Merritt and boulevard, in Oakland: IOOx :
133; price $2000; owner wants to go to Alaska.
Address or call P. STILLER, care of Schles-
inger & Bender. 104 Clay St., 8. F.
FOR ■ sale— High lot. 53x145, fenced, with large
barn:, newt street work complete, including
sewer and : water pipes; one-halt block from
cars: bargain ; if . taken immediately. 1590
Alcatraz aye., Lorin. Berkeley.
A BEAUTIFUL HOME. ~
One of the neatest and best built homes In
Oakland;. 1»4 stories. 6 ' rooms, and also serv-
ant's room, bathroom, .large reception hall; 2
chimneys,: Monarch patent grates in parlor and
dining-room: 5 , large closets and fine pantry:
back stairs from kitchen: Iron- porcelain-lined
roll-rim | bathtub; plumbing nickel • plated? ce-
ment steps and walk; front • chimney .is rough
blocks of sandstone, very pretty: this property
Is In good neighborhood and within six min-
utes' : walk of ; station: price $3SOO. complete:
terms can arranged. \ Call for further. par-
ticulars Lake Shore Land Company. A. H.
BREED.' Manager. 1070 Broadway, Oakland.
• OAKLAND ROOMS.
HOUSE of 7 rooms, bath. $17: cottage of 5
rooms, bath. $14: corner flat of 5 rooms, bath.
$15. Apply 1152 : East Fifteenth St., corner
Twenty-third aye.. ■ East Oakland. ..
ALAMEPA ADVERTISEMENTS, j
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1200-SACRIFTCfT: lot 40x207. with good~7^room
house; half block from station and high
school: easy terms.
$2800— New modern cottage; lot 40x150; fine
location; $150 : cash. ; $25 per month; for cash
$2500: snap. . = - ■"-
s29oo— Beautiful new'g-room house, complete; ;
lot 60x203; choice location: very easy terms.
. To Close an Estate— 10-room house: lot 60x140;
Alameua's best location; see this and make an
offer. , '
$12,750— Better than a Klondike as an Invest-
ment: properties ■ bringing ■ $130 per r month;
mortgage of $9000 can remain: bargain. "-' '
Houses to let In all parts of the city.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
" 1432 Park St.. Alameda.
BIGGEST bargain— lot 70x160: cottage 6 !
rooms: orchard and 'chicken yard V* ■' block ■
from Mastic station: all improvements. 1531 1
Prospect st. Apply 501 Market st.. S. F.
WILL sacrifice a modern new house: small i
payment, balance month! v; going to Klon- I
dike; must and will sell. Box 1215. Call office. '
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
. . j
MUST be sold to dope an estate; lot 123x270. ;
near station: two frontages; street work done i
on one frontage; I want an offer. ' JOSEPH
J. MASON, real estate. Berkeley Station. •
HOUSE of 8 rooms . to let. furnished: modern
-Improvements'; large, pleasant grounds; also
one new surrey and phaeton for sale; also'
hand printing press and type. Box 1210. Cali.
~ ATTORNEYS AT LAV.
ADVICE free; divorce laws specialty: private:
» no fee without success; collections, wills, '
probate, insolvency, deeds, damages, ' mort- ;
gages, copartnership, "bills-of-sale, patents,
trademarks, etc.: established 10 years. G. W.
HOWE, att-at-law. SuO Market, cor. Stockton.
PRIVATE matters, insolvency, collections; free
advice; open evenings. McCABE, 103 Lark In."
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 827 Market st.
LEGAL ' NOTICES.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS— of JACOB i
C. JOHNSON, deceased. • ,
Notice is hereby given by the undersigned. j
ANNA E. JOHNSON, executrix of the estate '
of JACOB C. JOHNSON, deceased, to the i
creditors of. and all persons- having claims j
against the said deceased, to exhibit them with
the necessary . vouchers, ' within ten months '
after the first publication of this notice, to the
said executrix at the office of J. C. JOHN-
SON C0.. -No. 400 Market st.. the same being
her place for the transaction of the business
of the said estate in the City and County of i
San Francisco, State of California., Executrix
of the estate of JACOB C. JOHNSON, de- I
ceased. .""" *-
Dated at San Francisco. February 24. IS9S.
: J. A. STEPHENS.
Attorney for Executrix, Clans Spreckels build- I
ing. ■
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
by the County's Clerk's office yesterday:
T. H. Meek and -Rosamond McGeoch. 27—23. •"
H. T. Worsdale and Deatr Johanson. 25—19.
Walter Macarthnr and Helen Tilden. 3*1 — 45.
Archelaus Stuttaford and. Mina Kon, — 23. -■-
"BIRTHS'-MARRIAQES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death r notices sent by :
mall will not be Inserted. They must be i
handed In at either of the publication offices j
an.! be endorsed with the name and residence j
of persons authorized to have the same pub- i
lished. |
:-•-■ r !-- v • BORN: .",
BRANDON— In this city. February 8, IS9S, to
\ the wife of E. J. Brandon, a son.
BROOKS— Swauger. February 12, IS9B, to !
the wife, of James Brooks, a son.
BURKE— In Menlo'Park, February 15, IS9S, to \
the wife of B. 'Burke, a son. •
FAGERNAS— In 'Eureka. February 16, IS9B, to
the wife of L. Fagernas, a son.
MacLEOD— 13. IS3S, to the wife of
Captain .N. J. MacLeod, a son.
MURPHY— Millbrae, February IS. IS9S, to
the wife of James Murphy, a daughter.
ROSENBLUM— In this city, ' February 22, ISSS,
to the wife of Sol Rosenbium. a son. -■
SANDERSON— In Oakland, February 23. IS9B, '■
to the wife of R. Sanderson, a son.
TURNER— In Eureka, February 16, IS9S, to the
wife of William W. -Turner, a daughter.
VOLKERS— In San Jose, February IS. 1898, to 1
the wife of Fred Volkers, a son.
WISNER— In ■ Santa Monica. 'February . 20, IS9S, ':
to the wife of Rev. O. F. Wisner, a son. '
MARRIED.
AVILA— A VERIO— In San Miguel, February 15. I
IS9S, by the Rev. Father O'Reilly. , Antonio
S. Avila and Maria G. Averlo.
BRUNDAGE— MANLEY— In Alameda. Febru-
.: ary 21. IS9B, by the Rev. Father Foley, Frank
; V.'. Brur.dagc and Ada Phlieta Manley..
CRANE— MARSHALL— In this city, February '
. IS, ISSS. by the Rev. Dr. Briggs, Charles \V.
Crane and Ellen J. Marshall, both of San '
Francisco. ■
ELLISON— HULBERT— In Sacramento, Febru- !
ary 13, UK, Hugh Ellison and Lulu Hulbert. 1
HUGHES— TOMER— Near Arroyo Grande, Feb- !
I ruary 16, 189$, Frank Hughes and Carrie ;
• Tomer. " ■ ,  ,  . .. .
JOHNSON— STONE— At the residence of the :
bride's parents, near Lawrence, Santa Clara i
County, Cal.. February 23. IS??, by the Rev. '
H. B. Heacock. Willie R. Johnson of Nel-
- son. B. C. and E. Carrie Stone.
ROBINSON— Arroyo Grande. Feb-
, ruary 16. ' Is:<!>. by the Rev. ,C. H. - Lawrence,
; Russell Robinson and Nora A. Jones..
TENNANT- EVANS— In "Alameda. February
. 21. IBW, by the Rev. Mr. Bovard, James W.
}-■ Tennant and .= Mabel M. Evans. ,
THOMAS— HALL— Near Vlsalla, February 15, i
; 1S98, : : by : the Rev. -. S. H. , Euyeart, F. A. I
> Thomas and Eda Hall. -. ' -" \y
VANGUNDY— In Fresno, February 16
18&8. by the Rev. Mr. Thurston. Theodore
Vangund*' and Lulu Pou.
WILLIAMS— In Alameda, February
21. 189S, by the . Rev. • Father Cunway, W. J.
. Williams and Mac Cullen.
DIED,
Badlam. Alexander ' Lapham, Lorenzo
Bartlett. Ann ; ■-, ■ -Le Count. Thomas R.
Beeger. Henry Llndwall, E. L.
Bechtel. Maxmilllan MacLennan. Sybil
Bloom, Wolf Miller. Eliza
Bruner. Margaret ■ ■ ■ Moovk. Jacob ' ' .
- Byrne, Martin A. ' '. ' Newman, William
Clark, Charles H. O'Farrell. John J.
Cllne. John E. , , : Peacock. - Hannah F.
, Elliott, Jacob \. .. Perry. Manuel A.
' Finnegan/ Hannah Reich. i Herman
Francaise. Adelaide < Thornton. Annie
. French, James E. " i^, Toulouse, Benard -
• Giusti. Anna . Trebucq. Denis
■ Hartmann. Rev. E. ' Wehrli. William
Hayman, Etta - % Wells. Harriet N. "
BADLAM— In this city, February 24, 1898,
; Alexander . Thomas, dearly beloved son .of i
Mary r and : the late Alexander Badlam. and |
brother of Edgar B. B&dlam and Mrs. Frank ;
Bradford, a native of Sacramento. Cal., aged
35 years 8 months and 7 days. „•
Friends r and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow I
(Saturday), at 3 o'clock, - from the family j
residence,- 1024 Franklin street. Interment
•" private. >„' - ' £"'■•?"'■-'";. ■<■..;.■■■-• .-.--': . -..■ ,:
BARTLETT— Santa Clara. February 24. IS9S, j
V Ann. beloved wife of Henry Bartlett, sister
- of Mrs. " Robert Gallagher and Miss Margaret i
1 Mcßride; and - aunt of Mrs. George Tewls,
■ Mrs. 'H. : Penningson, Mrs. A. Jewell and |
1 Duncan Mcßride. .-> ■ ■ \ •. ..... -
. C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow J
', (Saturday), at 8:45 o'clock, from her -late
• residence. Clay street, near Lafayette, ' thence i
to St. Claire's Church, where a requiem mass
• will be said for the repose •of her soul. r.t ■ 9
• o'clock. " Interment ; Santa '■ Clara : Cemetery. ,x
BECHTEL— A> month's . mind* solemn ■ requiem' !
;- mass will be celebrated. at St. Mary's Cathe- I
dral,^ to-morrow (Saturday), : at ; 9:30 o'clock. J
for the repose, of the . soul of Maxmilliam ]
; Bechtel. . Friends '.re invited to attend. ■ . I
BEEGER— At >' Paraiso ;i Springs. '; February 17,
-V IS9B. • Henry Beeger,^- a native -of Germany, I
aged 50 years. '. :';. ;■■-■-■,,-■,. ...... .-...■
BLOOM— In this city. : February*24. 1898. Wolf,
;, beloved' husband of f. Rose Bloom, father of
; Mrs. G. " Abrahamson, Mrs. S. H. Frank. ': Mrs.
; Martin Frank of New York, Mrs. S. ; Isaacs
; of- Japan and . David and Samuel . Bloom.' and
;, brother of Samuel and. Hy man Bloom, a na- I
; tive "of Poland, - aged : 67 years. r, ..■ .i: ■_' . ,:? ';
' *■ C7Friends^and, acquaintances are respect-
■;■: fully invited :to attend the funeral . this day |
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 40S Golden Gate avenue. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 3:15 train
from Third and Townsend streets. Please
omit flowers.
CONGREGATION SHERITH ISRAEL— Offi-
cers and members of the Congregation She*--
ith Israel are requested to attend the funeral
of our late member, Wolf Bloom, this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 40S Golden Gate avenue.
L. BROWN. President.
A. L. BADT. Secretary.
FIRST HEBREW BENEVOLENT SOCIETY—
Officers and members of tbe First Hebrew
Benevolent Society are requested to attend
the funeral of our late member. Wolf Bloom,
this day (Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late
residence. 40S Golden Gate avenue.
M. GOLDWATUKK, President.
F. ZEKIND. Secretary.
BBUNKR— In Hanford. February 23. IMB. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Jol'.n Bmner, and sis-
ter (f Delia Dugan of San Francisco and
Mrs WilHam Thnrman of Healdshurp. a na-
tive of County Waterford, Ireland, aged 47
years.
tT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at S:3f> o'clock, fr.-m the funeral
larlors of James McManus. Seventh and Cas-
tro streets, Oakland, thence to the Church of
the Immaculate Conception, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment. St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
BYRNE— At Glenbrook Farm. Santa Clara
County. Fpbruary 2). I^SS. Martin A., beloved
son of Garrett J. and Annie Byrne, and
brother of Robert J., Bessie. Katie. Charles
E.. James H. and Allan Byrne, a native of
San Francisro. aged 35 years.
CLARK— In the City and County H ispltal,
February 24. I>W. Charles Henry Clark, a
native of Virginia, age.i 07 y-ars
CLINE-In this city. Febru.i: i ■ John
E. Cline. n native of Canada, aged H years
and 11 months.
[XTrienda are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Satur-
day), at 2 o'clock, at his late residence. 1817
• Broadway, thence to Cypress Lawn Cemetery
for cremation.
ELLIOTT— In Paradise. February -1. H* Ja-
cob Elliott, aged 10 years.
FAULKNER— In Bethany. February 25. IS9S, -
Lizz:t>. dearly beloved wife of James Faulk-
r.er. and mother of William B. and Jame,
E. FaulKner and Mrs. J.^ Maioney, a r.a-
live of Ireland, a gad SO years.
(T^Notice of fun#ral hereafter.
FINNEGAN— In this city. February 24
Hannah Finnegan. a native of County Mayo,
Ireland, aged 70 years.
FRANCAISE— In this city. February 23. 1898,
Adelaide Giraux, beloved mother of Mrs.
Marie Marshall, and grandmother of Rev.
E. J. Duriuy. a native of France, aged 7»
i years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the French
Reform Church, 927 Pacific street Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Please omij
j flowers.
j FRENCH— At Pine View Ranch, near Loomis,
February 1?, IS3S, James E. French, a nativ*
of Illinois, aged 37 years 10 months and 11..
days. -
i GIUSTI— In this city. February 2*. 189S, Anna,
beloved mother of Albert, Henry. Leone,
Constance and Bernard Glusti. and sister of
P. Chlge. a native of Can, France, aged SSi
years 9 months and 28 days. . .
Friends and' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend- the funeral thrs day.
''(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, •(MS Leaven worth street; thence "to
>'otre Dame, dcs Victoires 'French) Church.
Bush street, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
; soul, thence to Holy Cross Cemetery. .
i HARTMAXX— At St Paul's rectory, San Ra-
; fael. February 23. IS&S, the Rev. Ernest Au-
gust Hartmann. aged 46 years.
Funeral from St. Paul's Church. San
; Rafael, this day (Friday), at 11 o'clock.
• Interment private. . ;
;HA AX— ln this city. February 23. IMB, Etta.
, dearly beloved wife of G. -S. - Hayman, be-
I loved mother of George Franklin Hayman, .
and daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Long.
: a native of San Francisco, aged 23 years 6
! months and 24 days. (Newport, Ky., papers
please copy.)
ICTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Friday), at 11
I o'clock, from her late residence. 40S Gough
I street, near Hayes. Interment private, Cy-
'~~ press Lawn Cemetery. ' by electric-car from
i Fourteenth and Mission streets.
LAPHAM— In this city, February 24, 1898,
Lorenzo, beloved husband of Amelia J. Lap-
ham, a native of Massachusetts-.
CTFriendi and . acquaintances are respect-
fully inviteJ to attend the funeral to-morrow
: (Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
j Halsted & Co.. 546 Mission street. . Inter-
ment private..
LE" COUNT— his home, Rockville Center,
Long Island, X. V-, February 23,. I>'-'V Thomas
R. Le Count, of the firm of Le Count Bros.,
of San Francisco. ' "'■'
LINDWALL— In this city. February 22. IS&S.
E. L., beloved husband of Elizabeth Lind-
wall. and father of Kate, Lizzie and Ed-
mond'Llndwall, a native of Sweden, aged 51
years 5 months and 22 days.
Friends and- acquaintances are respect-
fully -invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at. 10 o'clock, from Druids' Hall.
' 413 Sutler street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. Remains at his late residence. 21
Hinkley street, till & o'clock Friday morning.
MacLEXXAX— this city, February 23. IS3S.
Sybil .MacKenzie. relict cf the late Donald
MacLennan, and dearly beloved mother of
Mrs. D. R. Campbell. Mrs. John . MacXeill,
Mrs. Robert Campbell and Dr. J. D.. Dr.-
Donald, R. K. and James MacLennan. a na-
tive of Coigach. Scotland, aged 67 years and
5 months. (Cape Breton and New Zealand
papers please copy.)
|[7Fr'en<?3 are respectfully Invited to at--
tend the funeral this day (Friday), at 1 -
o'clock, from her late residence, 27$ lowa ■
street, near Solano. Interment Foresters'
plot. Mount Olivet Cemetery.
MILLER— In this city, February 22. IS3S. Eliza,
beloved wife of John Miller, and mother of
John. Robert. Maggie. Willie and David Mil-
ler, a native of County Donegal. Ireland,
aged 55 years 11 months and 10 days.
ETTriends and 'acquaintances are respect-"
fully invited to .attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at' 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2221 Humboldt street, between Ver-
mont and Kansas. "Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. • ' •'"."..
MOOCK— this city. February 24. 1896, Jacob. •-
dearly beloved husband of Mary E. Moock.
father of Carl F.. Edna E-, Katie. Louise C.
and John J. Moock, son of Katherine Moock.
and : brother of . Gretchen, Barbara. Katie.
Peter. John and George Moock, a native of
' Germany, aged 43 years 3 months and 29
days. : A member of German Metzger Verein..
Butchers' Board of Trade and Memorial
Lodge Xo. 174. A. O. U. W.
q ■E> Friends "and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited .to attend the funeral Sunday,
February 27, at - o'clock, from Shiels build-
ing, 32 O'Farrell street, where funeral serv-
ices .will be held under the auspices of Mem-
orial Lodge Xo. 174. A. O. U. W. Remains
st the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1203 Mis-
sion street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
NEWMAN— the City and County Hospital.
February 24, I*9B. William Xewman, a -na-
tive of Nevada, aged 2S years.
OFARRELL— In this city, February 23. 1598. ;
John Joseph O'Faireli. beloved brother of.,
■ Peter O'Farreli. Mrs. Henry. Brockhoff • and
the late Mrs. John McClellan, a native of San
Francisco, aged 29 years and 5 months. *- , .
• (C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-:-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday). at S:3O o'clock, from the resi-
dence cf his sister, Mrs. Henry Brockhoff. *
130 A = Fourteenth street, near Folsom, thenc?
to the Church of St. Charles Borromep, \ cor-
ner Eighteenth and Shotwell streets, for r
services, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
PEACOCK— In Auburn. February 13. IMB, Mrs.
Hannah F. Peacock, a native of Maine, aged
65 years 3 months and 13 days.
REICH— In San Jose, Cal.,- February* 20, 1898,'
Herman Reich, a native .of Germany, aged •
3? years. ■ . „
PERRY— In this city, February 21. IS3S. Manuel .
A. Perry, beloved brother of Joseph A. Perry. "
a native of Azores Islands, Portugal, aged.
47 years.' ■ ■.■. ■ ■ : '. , : . " '■'-'' ■■■ .: ■- ■
■ {C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully; invited to. attend the funeral this day V
' (Friday),' at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of.
the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth street,
: thence -to St. Patrick's Church for services. '/'
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric
funeral-car. ; : ' '•■ - '
TOULOUSE— In Golden Gate. Oakland. Febru-
ary 24, ISSS, Benard Toulouse, a native of
| France.' aged : . 42 years. „> -
- p".Xctltc cf funeral hereafter. • 
TREBUCQ— In. this city, February 24, 1898, v*.
Denis Trebueq. a native of France, aged 44
years and 3 months." . • • > '
? . (C^Xotice of funeral hereafter. ■
THORNTON— In this" city, February 23, ■ ]«-S. .
Annie.' dearly beloved wife of Peter Thorn-
ton, and mother of Lizzie. Rosle and Nlcho-? •
las Thornton : and of the late ■ Susie and Peter
Thornton, a .native of County Derry. . Ire-
land, aged 42 years. -.■ :- ■■■■'•
CjT Friends' and acquaintances are respect- i
I ftrlly invited' to attend, the funeral this-dar'
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from her, late resi- ' !
- denee," 1122 Battery street, thence to St. .
Francis Church, where 'a' ; solemn requiem
■ high. mass will be celebrated for the repose
■ of her soul,' thence to Holy, Cross Cemetery.
WEHRLI- In this city, February, 23. ISA Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Annie Wehrli. "- and
father of Henry, Gretchen and Rosle Wehrli.
a native -of • Switzerland, aged ; 45 • years 1 1
months and. 22 days. A ' member of, Triumph
Lodge No. ISO. A. O. U.;W. .
/ C^"Frlends: and -acquaintances are respect-
■ fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday),.* at 2 o'clock, irom the parlors of -
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street., near
Eighth. Interment ' I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WELLS— In this city. February 23. MM, Har-
riet. Noble. wife of ■' .the ; late :W. A. ■
Wells, and mother of Mrs. Frank Gllley. **"■
■ native , of New , York * State, aged ■ 7S . years I • .
months and 3 days. , , ..
C? Funeral services this day.. (Friday). : at
1 o'clock, at her late residence, 910 Capp .
: street; . Interment Cypress Lann . Cemetery. , .
IMcAVOY"&~GALLAGHER." ""~|"
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EM3ALMER3 I
20 FIFTH ST.. Ojp. Lintoln BeS«»L . |
'.v . :' Telephone. SonthSa '-~ v : "'" I
— i—»^— waornjujLtuo— ■»» 3
. . H. B. m"m "a vot. Manager. ... < -,-■..-. - «"■
• ; McftVOY & CO., i;; -| '■
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMKBS, I
•-: •» 12:13 Market St.. .between Bth and ath. ■I.
; '•■-""" r -.'• '■ Telephone, South 247. v ■- -..' |
1516
BLACKMAILING EXAMINER
AND BOODLING MANAGER
Record of Infamy Wfych Causes
Decent Journalists to Blush
With Shan)e That Their
Profession Should Be
So Besrr)irched.
WITHIN the past ten days
newspaper readers of this city
and throughout the State have
been treated to a newspaper
'fight' 1 which is unique in the
annaJs of California Journalism. The
character of this "controversy" makes
it of more than ordinary interest, for
in its bearing upon journalistic morals
it affects all the newspapers of the
commonwealth. The only purpose in
referring to the subject at this time is
that The Call hopes by the publication
which accompanies this article to make
a point in favor of journalistic ethics
in San Francisco which shall be last
ing.
So far as this matter has affected the
parties referred to in it. it is o-f very
little public moment. Each man whose
name has been mentioned in connection
with the unfortunate death of John J.
Livernash is probably able to take care
of himself. Certainly W. S. Leake, one
of the editors of The Call, who has
bf>en "made the victim of a personal at
tack by the Examiner, need not ask at
the hands of this or any other journal
a vindication. So far, therefore, as the
matter affects him, it is the desire of
The Call that it shall be considered
as entirely divorced from all his feel
ings or prejudices. Mr. Leake is an
employe of this paper and that is all.
For some time The Call has been mak
ing rapid strides. When it was taken in
charge by the present proprietor it was
understood that every effort would be
made by him and his subordinates to
publir-h the news first, and at the same
time tc "cnduct a journal of which 'AA
readers might be proud and «jf which
the State need not be ashamed. In
pursuance of this determination a great
deal of energy has been expended by
The Call in the pursuit of news. It
has disbursed considerable money in
organizing corps of reporters and cor
respondents who would furnish it by
telegraph and otherwise with the latest
information about all matters of inter
est to the public.
In pursuing this course necessarlly
no attention has been paid to the inter
est of rival journals. At the very out
set the Examiner, which has long
claimed precedence in the domain of
news in California, began a systematic
fight, not only to cut under The Call's
news sources, but by faking and mis
representation to thwart every effort
that might be made by this paper to
gain a place as an enterprising and re-
liable daily newspaper. Those among
newspaper readers who haye f for the
last five months followed the news of
the day must acknowledge that The
Call has won honorable distinction,
notwithstanding the efforts of its rival,
the Examiner, to obstruct its news
sources and damage and destroy its
business.
The pursuit of news referred to re
sulted on last Saturday morning in
the publication of the story of the sui
cide of John J. Livernash, an ex-news
paper man, formerly editor of the
Healdsburg Enterprise and lately a col
lector under the Harbor Commission.
Mr. Livernash called at the office of The
Call on Friday evening and saw one of
its editors. He said he had a story to
sell, stated briefly the nature of it and
asked $100 as compensation. Precau
tions were taken to ascertain whether
or not he was a reliable man, and upon
assurance being brought to the editor
that he was an employe of the State
and respectably connected a bargain
was closed with him.
No one connected with this paper
was aware of his Intention to commit
suicide nor of the subsequently de
veloped fact that he had written the
story of his own death and had sold it
under the guise of an article detailing
the defalcation of a State official.
It- is not necessary at this time to
enter into any detailed narration of tbe
circumstances under which Livernash
sold this article. A sufficient state
ment of the entire affair was given
under oath at the Coroner's inquest on
Wednesday, and those who may desire
to master all the facts of the case are
respectfully referred to yesterday
morning's Call, in which a stenographic
report of the testimony taken by the
Coroner was published. It is sufficient
at this time to say that the publication
of Livornash's extraordinary story and
the account of his death were the cul
mination of a long series Of news
scoops by The Call.
In his last letter Livernash referred
to a man named Lawrence by his so
briquet of "Long- Green." Livernash
was on terms of intimacy with Law
rence and had attempted to sell him
the article before he visited The Call
office, and he knew that that Individual
is generally designated as "Long
Green" — a name which was given him
to describe hia propensity for acquiring
and retaining the property of others.
Livernash said in his letter that "Long
Green" Lawrence would pay blood
money and that he would commit mur
der if there were sufficient in it for
him.
No one connected with The Call was
responsible for these statements. To
have eliminated them from Livernash's
letter would have made the editors of
this journal as guilty of falsifying let
ters as the editors of the Examiner
have been frequently guilty of a simi
lar course. What the dead man wrote
The Call published without amend
ment, and the only Justification it need
ed for doing so was ita desire to re
produce things as they are.
It appears, however, that this refer
ence coupled with the exclusive nature
of the story — which, as has already
bpen stated, was the culmination of a
long series of newspaper achievements
in which the Examiner has been worst
cd — caused the managing editor of the
Examiner to resort to personalities. In
stead of attacking the responsible pro
prietor of The Call, who publishes thf»
paper, and who is alone to be ques
tioned upon matters that appear in its
columns, he singled out an employe for
personal assault.
During several days past the Exam
iner has charged again and again that
Mr. Leake, one of the editors of this
paper, purchased the article from Liv
ernash knowing that he was about to
commit suicide. In other words, it has
alleged that Mr. Leake bribed Liver
nash for the sum of $100 to take his
own life. Of course these charges are
of little or no public moment. They
merely illustrate the methods of the
Examiner in Journalism. They show
that no man, no matter what his situ
ation in life, is free from the cowardly
attack and misrepresentation of the
individual who temporarily controls the
machinery and type of an absent mil
lionaire.
It is these phases of the case and not
the effect the attacks have had upon
Mr. Leake, nor his feeling with respect
to them, which have inspired the pub
lication made by The Call this morn
ing. It is regarded as a duty at this
juncture to make a brief reference to
the character of the newspaper which
has published these assaults and the
character of the man who has origin
ated them, since it is apparent that
any person who seeks to print a news
paper in this city and compete with
the Examiner is certain to be made not
only a victim of its assaults person
ally but his employes are also to be
brought under the ban and libeled and
slandered. The purpose of "Long
Green" Lawrence evidently is to drive
out of journalism in this city every de
cent man who dares to interfere with his
blackmailing schemes or thwart his
efforts to plunder corporations, individ
uals and the public.
Everybody knows that the Examiner
is utterly without principle. Ever since
W. R. Hearst took charge of it it has
been an instrument of blackmailing
and oppression. It is not necessary to
pause to refer to the blackmailing en
terprise which resulted in the death of
a man named Garniss, which is matter
of public record in the courts, nor to
the misrepresentation, lying, faking
and attempts to extort money from
corporations which have always char
acterized the management of the paper.
But the Examinees character rests
upon one conspicuous chapter in its
history which has long been familiar
to the public. We refer to its editorial
sale to the Southern Pacific Company
in 1893 for $30,000. This sale was nego
tiated by Charles M. Palmer, the busi
ness manager of the paper, and was in
dorsed by \V. R. Hearst himself. The
Examiner has never denied the exist
ence of the contract of sale nor at
tempted to explain it.
The bald facts of the matter are
these: The owner of the Examiner, in
consideration of the payment of $30,000
in installments of $1000 per month,
agreed to maintain silence toward the
Southern Pacific Company upon all
matters which affected its business
until the termination of the contract.
A full explanation of the transaction
in which the salient portions of the
contract — those portions which expose
the infamy of Hearst and his paper in
their fiercest light— is given in the ar
ticle accompanying, wnich is copied
from the Evening Post of this city
and which appeared in the issue of
that paper on Saturday, March 21,
1896.
So much for the Examiner. Now, to
show the character of the man who at
the present time is conducting it.
"Long Green" Lawrence was formerly
a trainboy upon the Southern Pacific
Railroad. In tl.ai business he acquired
the assurance which subsequently
caused him to enter boodle journalism.
He is a journalist without the ability to
write or think coherently upon any
public question. He has been known
among his fellow newspaper men as an
individual who does not scruple to re
sort to any means to attain his ends.
Yet he is a coward and poltroon when
confronted with actual danger.
Soon after beginning his business
career as a train news agent he
started a little boyish sheet called
the "Dew Drop," the printing bills for
which are still unpaid. A number of
persons were libeled in th»? little sheet,
and the proprietor soon hungered for a
wider field, which was afforded him as
soon as Hearst was presented the Ex
aminer by his father.
He began his career as a reporter
for the local papers. In 1887 the late
Senator Hearst picked him up as an
available candidate for the Assembly
In one of the city districts. Hearst
was a candidate for Senator, and he
wanted a man elected from that dis
trict who woi-.ld vote for him in the
party caucus and in the Joint conven
tion. He paid the expenses of Law
rence's election, and with the aid of
Boss Buckley succeeded in landing
him in the Assembly. He did not do
this without some trouble. Before the
Legislature met Lawrence became
dissatisfied with the provision that had
been made for him, and without hesi
tation he left the Examiner and en
tered the employ of the Chronicle.
Hearst knew what this meant, and im
mediately entered Into negotiations,
which resulted in reattaching the
young boodler to his paper. Lawrence
voted for Hearst in the Legislature,
and thereby, notwithstanding he had
been amply paid for his services,
aroused in Senator Hearst's bosom a
strong sense of gratitude. Lawrence's
faithfulness was conspicuous, es
pecially since some of Buckley's legis
lators attempted to get a "raise" of
compensation from the old gentleman
before the meeting of the party cau
cus. In this conspiracy, to Lawrence's
credit, be it said, he took no part.
"Long Green's" experience as a legis
lator qualified him to represent the
Examiner at subsequent sessions. In
1891 he appeared at Sacramento as
the accredited reporter of the paper.
What he had learned at the previous
session then became of value to him.
One of the first things he attempted
to do was In his capacity as a news
paper correspondent to blackmail the
widow of Andrew Himmelman out of
$2000. He did this by threatening to
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1898.
Malodorous Career Wtych Would Have Placed "Long
Green" Andrew M. Lawrence, Managing Editor
of the Yellow Journal, Behind the Bars
of a Prison H Q d H e Received
His Just Deserts.
oppose with the Examiner the passage
through the Legislature of what was
known as the "Connelly claim."
Many years ago a man named Peter
Connelly performed work for San Fran
cisco which is now known as the "Mar
ket street cut." Through some infor
mality in the proceedings he lost his
right to collect the cost of the improve
ment either from the city or the prop
erty owners who were benefited by it.
The amount of his loss was $130,000, and
in due time he presented his claim to
the Legislature. Although pressed vig
orously during his lifetime, the claim
was never paid. Connelly died and his
rights were acquired by Andrew Him
melman, who in turn also died and left
the legal legacy to his widow. It was this
woman whom Lawrence attempted to
blackmail out of $2000.
Mrs. Himmelman gives her story in
the accompanying affidavit. Her state
ments are corroborated by the affida
vit of Theobald Mauch, her agent in
the matter.
The attempt of "Long Green" Law
rence to hold up Mrs. Himmelman for
this money became the subject of a
legislative sensation at the session of
1891. Franklin P. Buil, the attorney
referred to by Mrs. Himmelman, rose
before the Assembly by permission of
FAC-SIMILE OF PAGE 21 OF LETTER INTRO
DUCED IN EVIDENCE AT THE
CORONER'S INQUEST.
This Is the Best Evidence That John J. Livernash Was in
His Right Mind When He Wrote the History
of His Own Death.
the members and openly charged Law
rence with the crime. Not only did
"Long Green" never refer to the mat
ter again or attempt to defend himself,
but when Hearst, in deference to pub
lic sentiment, relieved him of his du
ties as legislative correspondent he
slunk away from Sacramento In silence.
But the exposure did not crush him.
His assurance came to his rescue im
mediately, and in a short time he was
found in full feather again upon the
Examiner. His talent as a blackmailer
and a falsifier has evidently made a deep
impression upon young Hearst, for that,
individual, notwithstanding the fre
quent exposures of his character, has
continued to employ him in various po
sitions of trust upon his paper. From a
reporter he has been promoted gradu
ally to the position of managing editor,
in which place he now controls the edi
torial policy of the Examiner.
In thus making public the story of
Hearst's and Lawrence's infamy, and in
concluding to denominate them as
blackmailers engaged in publishing a
blackmailing newspaper. The Call has
undertaken a disagreeable task — one
that it would willingly have shirked.
Eut it has seemed that the opportunity
to place an authentic account of one
of "Long Green's" infamous attempts
to blackmail before the public should
not be neglected. The people have a.
right to know the character of the man
who is conducting the Examiner. He
says daily that he is virtuous, honest,
upright and well meaning. He claims
the right to- point the finger of scorn
at others, and with the type and ma
chinery under his control, he does so.
Yet he is a falsifier, a blackmailer and
a scoundrel, who, if Justice were done,
would be behind the bars.
So varied are the accomplishments of
this unclean creature "Long Green"
that only a synopsis of them may be
compressed into an account covering
columns. But these accomplishments
are all those of a rogue. Not once in
the personal history of Lawrence is
there a gleam of a better nature, a hint
of a decent impulse. The man is wholly
bad. If all the truth were known about
his connection with a "cinch" insurance |
bill he would be in the penitentiary, ;
where better people are expiating less i
flagrant crimes than go to make up his
record. If such citizens as L. L. Brom
ley and Isidor Gutte chose to reveal
facts in their possession concerning this ■
particular iniquity he would be doing
the State service in the jute mill. This j
is no rash statement. If "Long Green" i
cares to deny it and demand proofs, i
happily the proofs are accessible and '
complete. There is no necessity of J
burdening this phase of exploitation of I
his moral unworth with more detail.
"Long Green" was the leading spirit
of a notorious baseball "charity" tour- j
nament and the chief beneficiary. He i
appealed to the common sentiment of
humanity for coin on the plea that it
was to go to the poor and deserving.
That he was lying was no surprise.
That he took that which had been con
tributed was accepted as a matter of ;
course by those who had the unhappi- j
ness of the rascal's acquaintance. He
went so far as to cheat the men he had
Induced to enter the contest. Neither j
has it been forgotten that he had an I
armed ruffian who acted as his body- i
guard named referee of a prize-fight; j
that the fight was awarded to the man
who had lost and that "Long Green"
never shook the natural belief that he
shared with the bodyguard that booty
of this peculiar form of sneak-thievery.
Just now he is engaged in an effort
to keep money contributed by a sym
pathetic public for the relief of the
families of firemen killed on duty. It
is hardly necessary to say that this
money would not have been forthcom
ing if the givers had supposed them
selves adding to the ill-got spoils
which already bulged the pockets of
"Long Green." He is also booming a
project to rear a monument to the
glory of Hearst on the pretense that
it will be in honor of the men of the
Maine, and donations are subject to a
10 per cent rake off. The amount of
the "Long Green" rake off has not
been specified, but that it cannot be
more than 90 per cent must wring ebon
drops of agony from his soul.
Perhaps the judgment of Livernash.
as he looked back from the border of
eternity and denounced "Long Green"
as one who would commit murder if the
emolument was sufficient, was too se
vere. To commit murder would require
courage. It would be easier to imagine
him in the act of hiring some one else
to commit the murder and then cheating
the assassin out of his pay. However,
in dealing with facts, it is perhaps use
less to invade the field of speculation.
The estimate made by Livernash will
be generally accepted. "Long Green"
is a boodler, a blackmailer, a vulgar
thief, who with equal facility takes the
bribe offered to dishonest legislators
or cheats a reporter out of hard-earned
pay. Just at a time when he is engagad
in an attempt to loot the treasure-box
of orphans who need the money, to
gain by a national calamity, to traduce
every person who opposes him or hap
pens to know the foulness of his life,
almost any opinion derogatory to him
would be accepted.
These few notations about a scoun
drel disgracing the community have
not been made in the hope of reforming
him, but as a protection to the re
spectability which is ever subject to
his assault, and a notice to the world
that nothing he can say has influence,
that he is regarded as an outcast and
that the protest against his presence
is shared in by all but his fugitive em
ployer.
Under what evil star this parasite
was born, what influence marked him
to fill the role of braggart, law-breaker,
to be a thing despised and shunned, a
pervert, may never be known. That
he is all of these, and that he revels in
his deeps of degradation is enough.
Now The Call drops "Long Green."
When he obtains further attention it
will be because he is in the hands of
the police, in the dock, or at home in
the gray stone institution across the
bay.
HI. %« Ei M % Hl,l^^ TOE
noij i sn;ie> pacific.
(From the Evening Post, March 21, 1896.)
After a week of silence under the
charge that at one time it was in re
ceipt of $1000 per month from the treas
ury of the Southern Pacific Company, the
Examiner admits the main allegation.
Goaded to this confession, it puts the
very best face it can on the matter, but
admits the receipt of this money, admits
that it was discontinued before the ter
mination of the time it was to run, and
publishes garbled correspondence between
itself and the officers of the Southern
Pacific Company which fully discloses the
nature of the agreement.
It prints what purports to be a fac
simile of a letter written by the advertis
ing manager of the Southern Pacific Com
pany to C. M. Palmer, its business man
ager, dated June 29. 1892. It pretends this
letter to be a fac-simile, but this is not
in a strict sense true. The indorsement
printed on the face "of this letter," signed
by Charles F. Crocker, was placed there
July 21, 1*93.
I.et it be carefully noted that this was
simply a letter to C. M. Palmer from an
officer of the Southern Pacific Company,
declaring that that company would agree
to engage space in a World's Fair edition
of the Examiner, for which it would pay
130,000, payable at the rate of $1000 per
month, find then occurs this significant
statement:
"and all in accordance with an agree
ment entered into between the Exam
iner management and C. F. Crocker,
A. N. Towne and William H. Mills,
on behalf of th^ Southern Pacific
Company."
What the Examiner puts forth is a let
ter in which an agreement is referred to,
but which of itself is not an agreement.
There is nothing on the face of it to show
that it was an agreement. It is signed
by but one party, and, in fact, there is no
pretense that it was an agreement except
that when the Examiner desired to hy
pothecate it, caused the vice-president "of
the company to declare on its face that it
would be paid (according to the terms
thereof).
According to the terms thereof, this let
ter declared that what the Southern Pa
cific Company would do would be done in
accordance with an agreement entered
into between the Examiner management
and the officers of the Southern Pacific
Company.
The question arises. What was that
agreement? It is perfectly clear that be
hind this letter there was an agreement,
since it is distinctly referred to, and since
the letter itself was not an agreement.
Here is that agreement, which the letter
of W. H. Mills to the Examiner says was
entered into between the management of
the paper and the Southern Pacific Com
pany, and which the Examiner accepted
and under which Mr. Murphy of the First
National Bank looked to the railroad for
payment of the money advanced to the
Examiner:
The company (is to enjoy immunity from hostility in the col
umns of the Examiner and) is not to be the victim of mendacious
attack or criticism or of misrepresentation; that the Examiner will
not §eek to create hostile sentiment in the minds of the commun
ity against the Southern Pacific Company, or any of the interests
it represents, and that while not stipulating as against all criti
cism, it agrees that criticism shall not proceed from any motive of
malice or malignity, and that such criticism as may be found nec
essary to keep and maintain the confidence of the public, to the
extent that any public sentiment may have been created from
other sources, is to be avoided as much as possible.
That agreement bears the indorsement
that on June 15 the Examiner's agent
"agrees to all except that inclosed in
brackets," after omitting the words:
"is to enjoy immunity from hostil
ity in the columns of the Ex
aminer."
The officers of the Southern Pacific be
lieved that what was left of the agree
ment was worth, with the advertising,
$30,000, in monthly installments of $1000.
The arrangement under the agreement
continued with varying fortunes until
suddenly discontinued by the company on
the ground that one party to it had com
mitted a breach of its covenants.
On this $30,000 contract the Southern
Pacific Company paid $22,000— 517,000 was
paid directly to the Examiner and $5000
was paid to the First National Bank. Its
payment was discontinued, and the bank
required the management of the Exam
iner to make good the amount which had
been advanced upon it. These are state
ments of fact, but we make them with
the humiliated regret that they are true.
There remained, therefore, $8000 of an un
discharged obligation by a perfectly sol
vent debtor, and the question will repeat
itself in the minds of every one: "Why
did not the Examiner bring suit?"
The Examiner publishes - this morning
the full evidence of its own conviction.
Under date of September 24, 1894, C. F.
Crocker addressed W. R. Hearst directly
with these words:
I understand from Mr. Herrin that
in your interview with him you
agreed that at the time this contract
was made, providing for the pay
ment of $30,000 to the Examiner,
it was stated by your agents as an
inducement to the railroad company
for making this contract that the
Examiner would accord to the rail
road company fair treatment in its
columns.
Here Mr. Hearst is directly informed by
the vice-president of the Southern Pa
cific Company by letter that the latter
understands the former to have admit
ted that fair treatment was the basis of
the contract. Where is Mr. Hearst's re
ply, under date of September 25. or any
subsequent time, to this allegation? Mr.
Hearst remained silent, after having re
ceived this statement of his confession,
until March 20, 1896. But his agent and
business manager, T. T. Williams, re
plies, and in that reply he does not say
"Mr. Hearst has never made the admis
sion set forth in your letter." He does
not say "The Examiner never made an
agreement for money, the basis of which
was fair treatment of a corporation," but
he does reply, according to the Exam-
Disgraceful Story of the CoQtract
That Shows Hearst's Ur)!awful
Extortioo of Hush-Morjey
From the Southero
Pacific Company.
iner's own printed statement, under date
of September 25, the day following the
date of Colonel Crocker's letter, as fol
lows:
"Permit me to respectfully suggest that
you have missed the point which is to us
vital. The question of fairness is one
which could only be determined by us,
and could not possibly be a question of
debate or arbitration."
There is no declaration here that the
j Examiner had not agreed to treat the
company fairly as an element and attri
bute of a contract entered into by it. But
there is a claim that the question of fair
ness was one that could only be deter
mined by one party.
Here is a letter to the proprietor of the
Examiner declaring that at the time the
contract was made it was understood by
his agent that the inducement to the con
tract -was fair treatment by the Examiner
of the Southern Pacific Company. There
is no denial of this in the correspondence
which follows, but a practical admission
of it by declaring that the question of
fairness was one that could only be de
termined by "us" (the Examiner), and
could not possibly be a question of debate
i or arbitration.
The Examiner has it in its power to
appeal from allegation and denial, asser
tion and counter assertion, to judicial in
quiry. According to its own statement,
the Southern Pacific Company owes it
$8000. It claims this indebtedness to be
due for legitimate advertising, for a ser
vice it has performed on its part. It must
follow, therefore, that the Southern Pa
cific Company is indebted to the Exam
iner in the sum of $8000. It is a perfectly
solvent debtor. The Examiner can ob
tain judgment against it if the contract
was legitimate, and it can collect any
judgment it obtains. Why did not the
Examiner bring suit for the recovery of
the money, and why does it not now im
mediately proceed to sue for the amount
Which is its due? Our morning contem
porary also has a good action for dam
ages for defamation of character and
against a perfectly solvent party. Until
the Examiner brings suit for the recov
ery of the amount which it claims the
Sou'them Pacific Company owes it for an
advertisement which it published in good
faith on its part, it will stand convicted
before the world of being unable to jus
tify its contract by the standards of good
public policy.
It was not until the Examiner had hy
pothecated the following letter of W. H.
Mills, calling attention to the "agree
ment." that the paper began its criticisms,
which the railroad believed to proceed
from motives of malice or malignity:
PAN FRANCISCO, June 29. 1891
C. M. Palmer. Business Manager of the Ex
aminer, San Francisco, Cal.— Dear Sir: We
hereby agree to engage space in the Grand
Special World's Fair Edition oi" the San Fran
cisco Examiner, matter to bf furnished by us,
including cuts, of twenty pages or 140 columns,
for which the Southern Pacific Company agrees
to pay thirty thousand dollars i$3".000) gold coin
of the United States, payable at the rate of
one thousand dollars ($1000) per month, the
first monthly installment to become due and
payable August 31. IM2. and running thence at
the rate of one thousand dollars ($1000) per
month, or in larger Installments at the option
of the Southern Pacific Company: the matter
and cuts to be furnished by the Southern Pa
cific Company; and all in accordance with an
agreement entered into between the Exam
iner management and C. F. Crocker, A. N.
Towne and William H. Mills, on behalf of the
Southern Pacific Company; it being understood
that the said edition shall have a minimum Is
> sue of five hundred thousand copies, and that
i the same shall be published simultaneously in
I San Francisco and Chicago, on or about the
; date of the official opening of the Columbian
Exposition. And It i» further agreed that the
said matter shall be subject of enlargement,
alteration and revision at the option of the
■ Southern Pacific Company at any time prior
Ito February 1, 1593. Yours very truly
For the Southern Pacific Co.
' The above contract was duly entered into by
the Southern Pacific Company, and the money
will be paid by the treasurer of the company
i to the San Francisco Examiner or order when
due, according to the terms thereof.
CHAS. F. CROCKER. Vice President.
San Francisco, July 21, 1593.
now LAWRENCE
BLACKnAILGD
, ITIUS. IIUIJIEI^IAIV.
State of California, City and County of
San Francisco. — ss.
Catherine Himmelman being first duly
sworn deposes and says: That she is the
widow of Andrew Himmelman and resides
with her son-in-law, Theobald Mauch,
at 513 McAllister street, city and county
of San Francsico, State of California.
That on or about the 14th day of Janu
ary, 1891, she met Mrs. Andrew Lawrence
at the home of Mrs. Anna Young's on
Powell street, in said city. That Mrs.
Young is the mother of Mrs. Lawrence.
Mrs. Lawrence told me at that time that
her husband was at Sacramento, a re
porter for the Examiner, I said: "Per
haps he could do us some good because
we shall have our matter up there."
She. said "she thought he could because
he was so well acquainted. •• She said
she would write to him and have him
come down and see me next Sunday.
On the following Sunday, January 11.
about 11 o'clock a. m., he called at Mr.
Mauch's, 513 McAllister street. When 1
came Into the room he said he had come
to see me about the Market street bill. He
asked me what I was willing to give to
have the bill passed. I said, if the other
claims against the bill were paid. I am
willing to take one-half as my share.
There are several parties interested in the
hill. Peter Connelly has an interest, and
the Irvine Estate claims an Interest. Mr.
Mauch then came in and I told him that
Mr. Mauch was my agent and attending
to all my business and he could talk with
him. I left the room then and he re
mained and talked with Mr. Mauch.
On the 12th day of January. 1891, Mr.
Franklin P. Bull called and I entered into
an agreement with Mr. Bull into attend
ing to all matters connected with the
claim, both in the Legislature and before
the courts. On Saturday, the 17th of
January, 1891. the agreement was signed.
On or about the Bth day of February,
1891, I went over to Mr. Lawrence at Mrs.
Young's on Powell street, near Bush; Mr.
and Sirs. Young and Mr. Lawrence all
present. I asked him, Mr. Lawrence, how
the bill was getting along. He said that
Mr. Bull was putting him off— that lie
kept saying that he "would see me some
other time, and "he didn't keep his ap
pointments with me"; that he was afarld
the bill would not pass. I then told him
that I was willing to give $2000 myself if
he would work for the bill and do what he
could to have it pass. Ho said he didn t
want anything from me; whut there was
in it for him he wonted to get from Mr.
Bull; that he had a paper drawn up by a
lawyer which he wanted Mr. Hull to sign
the next day or he would go for him and
burn the bill and Mr. Bull up; that he
didn't know whether It would utick or not,
but IX Mr. Bull didn't be would make it ao
i hot for him that he will never forget It.
He said that if.it had not been for the
friendship between himself and his ..wife s
mother he would not have waited so long,
because Mr. Bull had not kept his ap
pointments or made any arrangements
with him; that he had made an agree
ment with another gentleman and was ta
divide whatever he could get. out of it. .
I then came home ■ and spoke to Mr-
Maueh and told what had been said, and
he decided to go and tell Mr. Bull what
Lawrence had said. ■ " ■ 'j •
CATHERINA HIMMELMAN.
Subscribed and sworn to before me thla
Bth. day of March, 1891.
(Seal) B. W. WILLIAMS,
Deputy County Clerk in and for the City
and County of San Francisco; State
of California. *
State of California; City and County of
San Francisco— ss. Theodore Mauch, be
ing first duly' sworn, deposes and says:
That he is the son-in-law of Mrs. Cathe
rina Himmelman and resides at 513 Mc-
Allister street, San Francisco, Cal.; that
on or about the 11th day of January, 1891,
Andrew M. Lawrence called at my home,
513 McAllister street, San Francisco, at
about 11 o'clock a. m. He asked for Mrs.
Himmelman. Mrs. Himmelman came
down first, and a few minutes afterward
I came down, and Mrs. Himmelman in
troduced me to him. ' She stated that I
knew all about the matter and whatever
arrangement I agreed to was satisfactory
to her.: We simply talked on the merits
of the bill. He claimed to know all about
it and that it was an .outrage that the
money had not been paid long-ago. ;. He
said . he ' would have to have assistance."
He asked what had been given away last
time. I told him Mr. Connelly had an in
terest in the bill, v also Mr. » Delmas, a3
the attorney, has a certain : percentage,
and that the Irvine estate claimed an in
terest and that other parties that worked
for the bill had an interest. He said that
he would return to Sacramento and when
he ' had made ■' the necesasry arrange
ments, etc.,; would telegraph me to come
up and meet him at the French restau
rant. He said he didn't want me there
during • the daytime not -to • come to the
Capitol; but that he would meet, me at
the restaurant and we would agree upon
the.terms, etc. - : : <. •
On Monday, the 12th of January. 1891,
Mr. Bull called with a letter of introduc
tion from Mr. Delmas and we talked over
the matters relating to the 4 bill, and I
told Mr. Bull that I would ' see Mr. Del
mas the following day and then see him.
I also told Mr. Bull what had taken place
between Mr. Lawrence and myself.
The following day I called at Mr. Del-,
mas' office, and the result was that Mr.
Bull was to . see ". Mrs. Himmtlman in re
gard to the matters. • '•■ • v
On January 14 I received a telegram
from Lawrence telling me to come to
Sacramento on the 11 o'clock train and
meet him at the French restaurant. .
I showed the telegram to' Mr. Bull, and
he . advised me to go ;to Sacramento and
see . Mr. Lawrence, and see what ,he ; had
to say, "and if I ■ was ■" satisfied ; with' -the.
proposition it might •be well to employ
him. I did as Mr. Bui; ad vised. I went
to' Sacramento. Arrived there about 11:45
p. m. I then went to Theobald Plauth's,
a liquor merchant of X street. He told
me where the French restaurant was,
and I went over to the restaurant and
Mr. Lawrence was. not there.! I left word
with the proprietor of the restaurant
that I could be found <at Mr. Plauth'Hj
if any one called for ' me. . Shortly after-"
ward the " restaurant-keeper T rt came down
to Mr. , Plauth's and , told me the parties
were waiting: at his place for me. I then *
went up there and met Lawrence. He took
me in a back room and we had supper.
Lawrence said that .he had spoken .to
several about the bill, some who had
voted for the bill two years ago, and
that they approved of the bill. Then
Lawrence stated that the first thing to
do was to fix the newspaper boys; that
he knew them all and could attend to
that, for a certain money ; consideration;
that he was very. close to many members
of • both ; houses and he would get them
to support the bill. ■; He had a list of mem
bers, and went over it with me. I gave
him the vote two ; years ago. ';- He stated
that the measure s would - have to be
handled very quietly, for if Governor
Markhara suspected any bribery or any
contingent fee he would veto the bill, and
it could not- be passed over his head or
veto. ; He. also stated that he would speak
to the Governor, for he knew him very
well, and that he wanted me <to come .up
and that- he knew it would be signed.
I then asked what he wanted. "
' He .: stated ■ that he would have a con
versation with a certain party in regard'
to the matter between then and the next
Sunday, and then call on me at my home.
j He then went out for a J few minutes, and
returned and went j part' way with me
toward the depot, as far ;as the electric
light. Before we reached the light he
I stated he did not want to be seen in my
j company by any one, and so he left me.
I came back to the city.
On Saturday I - received a note from
Franklin P. Bull asking if Mrs. Himmel
man "desired ..him .to take charge of her
matters, as it ought to be attended to at
once. I immediately went to his office
and ■ requested him to come out to . the
house at 1 o'clock and see Mrs. Himmel
man about the agreement. He did so and
the agreement was drawn up and signed
between • them. ' >
On Sunday, the 18th day of February,
I 1891, Mr. Andrew Lawrence called and I
! told him Mr. Bull had taken charge of
I Mrs. Himmelman's matters; that he
would have to see Mr. Bull. He stated
that he felt disappointed that the matter
should have been taken out of his hands;
I that he had made certain promises that
; would have to be fulfilled by Mr. Bull.
I and was very bitter against Mr. Bull, say-
I ing, that he was entirely the wrong per
| son to take charge of the bill. He was
not a lobbyist, and the boys would not
have anything to do with him. He asked
I what agreement I had made with him. I
1 told him Mrs. Himmelman had made the
i agreement, but I declined to state the
I terms. I told him" Mr.. Bull would do
I what was right i as far as he- was con-
I cerned ; to ', see > Mr. Bull at Sacramento,
and if they failed to come -to any agree- '
! ment Mrs. Himmelman; would see that he
! received compensation for his services. •
Sunday, the Bth of February, 1891, .upon
! Mrs. Himmelman's ... return • from -.- Mrs.
' Young's -I went "over jto -see; Mr. Bull at
i his residence on Scott street. • I found him
! at home and told him what Mr. Lawrence
: had said to Mra.jHimrnelman; that he
; had a contract or s assignment drawn up
between ; him and Mr. ; Bull by a * lawyer
which he wanted . Mr. Bull >> to sign on
Monday, when he came \to ; Sacramento,
assigning .to ; him, Lawrence, jan interest
in the claim, and if . he refused- to sign
i the agreement then he : (Lawrence) would
! burn him and the bill up. I told Mr. Bull
I that Mrs. Himmelman had offered Mr.
1 Lawrence '12000, but that rhe had refused
■ to take it; said that it was not enough
and he wanted what: there was in it for
him : to come from Mr. ,; Bull.; That he
didn't know whether it would hold or not,
but ■if - Bull refused ■„ to i pay the money
when he got it he would. make it so hot
for him that he would >:■ never forget i It.
, Mr. Bull. then stated. "Well; Mr. Mauch,
! as I have already stated to you. this
; friend >of i yours, Lawrence, has :: already
; demanded of me $10,000 for • himself , and
: friend. I will' never .; pay i one ■" cent " on a
■ ■ blackmail ' proposition, for there •is ' all
, there is .-in, it. If Mrs. Himmelman sees
j fit to : settle with him all right. I shall,
! not. .: '<v -,- - THEOBALD ; MAUCH. *
•■.- Subscribed , and sworn before ■ me this
■■ Bth day of March, 1831. - . ■ .'
r- (Seal) •:.; ,:a;p^K:.W: WILLIAMS.
• Deputy County Clerk in and for the City
and County of San Francisco, State of
•--.■ California.. '-.- :- ■- ? - . .* :
Wgg&&M !^~' '"' ' ■ »'■
I H --.■■■: ■ - ~. ' -
Low's Horehound Cough Syrup for
i hoarseness, price 10c. 417 Sansonie st. •