no_text■TOIiUME LXXXIII.— NO. 69.
HOLDS THE
KEY TO THE
SITUATION
Uncle Sam a Most
Important Factor
in Far East.
Now Has a Commanding
Position in the Big
Fight.
By Shrewd Diplomacy This
Country Can Gain Many
Concessions.
PLANS FOR SUPREMACY.
r
Russia, Germany and Franco Ac
tively Negotiating for the Support
of the United States.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Feb. 7.— According to
a special dispatch from Shang
hai, Admiral Sir Alexander Bul
lock, commander-in-chief of the
British fleet on the China station,
has arrived there, and an impor
tant exchange of views by cable
has occurred between him, the
British Minister at Peking, Sir
Claude Mac Donald, and the Ad
miralty.
The correspondent of the Times
at Kobe, Japan, says: The Ko
rean Government has adopted
a resolution that no railway con
cession shall be granted to for
eigners. The Japanese Minister
at Seoul, M. Kato Masua, will
demand that the contract for the
construction of the Seo-ul-Fusan
Railway by Japanese under an
agreement made in August, 1894,
Shall be signed without delay.
NEW YORK. Feb. 6.— The Herald's
"Washington correspondent sends the
following: The United States is more
of a factor in the game of international
>. o polities which is now in progress over
, ir the east than is generally j
understood. All the great European !
powers are seeking to ascartain the at- j
titude of this country on the great '■
eastern problem, and until that is I
known there will be no move on the in- j
1 ternational chessboard.
"Your country has a commanding
position in the big fight that is going
on and by shrewd diplomacy ought to
be able to obtain almost any conces
sions in the east that are desired."
These declarations were made to me
to-day by one of the ablest members
of the diplomatic corps in Washington,
a man whose country occupies a neu
tral position in regard to the eastern
tjuestion, during the course of an ex
tended interview on the general situa
tion as he views it through unbiased
spectacles.
"There can be no doubt," this diplo
matist continued, "that the great Eu
ropean powers are planning for further
acquisitions of territory in the east.
How much further they will go de
pends In a large measure upon the po
sition of this country.
"It is a contest on one hand between
Russia, Germany and France to secure
a distinct declaration that the United
States will not concern itself about the
opening up of any more new ports by
foreign countries and of England and
Japan on the other hand to induce the
United States to join them in a protest
against the policy which will .give any
nation or group of nations superior
rights in any Chinese ports. The head
and center of the fight is just at pres
ent right here in Washington, and it
will become even more exciting upon
the arrival of the new Russian Embas
sador. Until his arrival you need not
look for any new move by Russia in the
east.
"The action of Russia In raising the
I legation In this city to an embassy and
transferring to this post Cassini, direct
from China, is, in my mind, very sig
nificant. He will come here prepared
to explain in detail the exact state of
affairs in China and with instructions
not only to sound the United States
on Its position in the matter, but to
make advances looking to an under
standing which will give thia country
almost anything that may be desired in
a commercial way In return for its
moral support in favor of the schemes
of those countries which have arrayed
themselves against England and Japan
in the Orient."
There is no doubt that the adminis
tration is giving very careful consid
eration to the eastern question. While
the prevailing opinion in the cabinet is
that we ought to avoid all entangling
alliances, there Is a strong sentiment
In favor of following a course which
will extend American trade in the Ori
ent, provided it can be done without
tying up too closely with any European
country.
Death of Senator Hagle.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Feb. 6.-Senator D.
C. Hagle, first assistant general attorney,
died this morning at his home in Flora.
Clay County, aged 59 years. Senator Ha
gle was taken 111 here five weeks ago with
pleurisy. .He returned a week later and
endeavored to attend to his duties, but
wf-'i^rf^Jn tft'e.up and return home,
"on' of diselst 3 . the reBUU ° f a <=omplica-
Call for a Labor Convention.
ST. LOl IS, Mo., Feb. 6.-A call for the
. "first regular annual United Labor and
Labor Reform convention," to be held in
St. Louis on Monday, May 2 1898 has
been isued by a committee, by virtue of
authority conferred on it by the United
Labor convention held in Chicago last
September.
The San Francisco Call
This 1 is a strategic point commanding the mouth of the Yang-Tse-Kiang and the approaches to Shanghai, which the British admiral is about
to occupy, under orders from his Government, as an offset to Russia's occupation of Port Arthur.
PEASANTS FIGHT
TURKISH TROOPS.
Eight Thousand Ottoman Regulars Engage in Con
flicts, and Have Occupied and Burned
Four Villages, Causing
Consternation.
ATHENS, Feb. 6.— Sanguinary con
flicts continue between the Turkish
! troops and the peasants in Thessaly.
j It is reported that the Turks have oc
cupied several villages, and that a hun
dred persons have been killed.
LONDON, Feb. 7.— The Athens corre-
I spondent of the Times says: The Turks,
after severe fighting, have occupied and
; burned four villages in the Agrapha
i district, in the north of Acamania,
; about midway between Arta and Do
rao-ko. Eight thousand Turkish troops
were engaged in the conflicts.
It is reported that in the neighbor
hood of Palaekastron the Turks were
repulsed. A panic prevails among the
! inhabitants of the neutral zone. The
Greek outposts have been strengthened,
and the situation is ominous. It is
I probable that the Cretan question will
|be dropped until the evacuation of
Thessaly has been secured.
The Constantinople correspondent of
the Mail says: The candidacy of Prince
i George of Greece for the governorship
of Crete and the Cretan question gen
| erally have been shelved for the pres
ent.
The Sultan's progress through Stam
boul was a magnificent spectacle. There
was no disorder.
PANIC CAUSED BY
A FALLING BALCONY
Disaster Among Two Hundred Dan
cers Narrowly Averted at a Hall
in Chicago.
CHICAGO, Feb. 6.— A panic among 200
dancers was narrowly averted last night
at the North Shore Hall. Thirty specta
tors were crowded into the little balcony
watching the dance. The supports became
loosened and slipped back to the wall.
The balcony sank gradually, allowing the
spectators to slide topsy-turvy on the pol
ished floor.
When the creaking and pulling com
NEWS OF THE DAY.
Weather forecast" for. San Fran
cisco: Cloudy Monday; 5 probably •
showers; fresh southerly wind.
Maximum temperature for th» past
twenty-four hours: 
San ■ Francisco ...60 degrees
Portland ... ...58 decrees
Los Angeles 60 degrees
. San D1egr0V.........:62 degrees
' FIRST PAGE. .
. Uncle Sam 'and the Far East. ■
Fighting in Thessaly. . .•.-', ---
Canada to .Head Off Relief Supplies.
Belew's Public ■ Confession.
, SECOND PAGE." ' »."-'
■After San Jose Boodlers. . - '
Arbitrary Act of a Judge.
Rain on the Coast.*'
Coursing at Lbs -Angeles.
THIRD PAGE.
Annexation Treaty Doomed.
Central American Rebels. |
Nevada and the Murderers.
Los Angeles .Water Fight.
Warfare in Cuba. |
Church Trustees Resign.
FOURTH PAGE.
Editorial.
Swindling In War Supplies. V
Our Pocket Full of Gold.
_ Grand Jury Work.
American Shipping Interests.
r Reciprocity Treaties.
"Individual Thought." by a Modest
Critic.
. Stories From Hotel i Corridor*.
• : FIFTH PAGE.
' Marshal Moore Off for Alaska.
Burglars Are Still ' Busy.
Death of Captain Hall.
McEntee May Have Blundered
...I. SIXTH PAGE. _
Japanese Going. to the Klondike.
Father Gleascn Scores Barnes.
Tired of State Control.
SEVENTH PAGE. -
- News j From Across ; the Bay. . -i - ,
J. C. I .'" Johnson Funeral Arrange
ments. ' : ■ - •
EIGHTH PAGE.
. Suggestions : for '■ ' Beautifying ; the
City.
Coursing at Ingleslde. .
National Guard , News.
. ; NINTH PAGE.
Births, Marriages, Deaths.
; :, .W:.V- : TENTH PAGE.
City ; Prisoners Want ; Food.
• School : Scandal ' Developments. ,
'■" Arrival ■of Todd Sloane. : '
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1898.
VIEW OF TING-HAI, CHUSAN ISLAND.
menced, indicating that the balcony was
falling, the large number of persons
gathered underneath quickly stampeded
toward the central ■ portion of the hall,
leaving John Krusie behind. Krusie was
caught by the falling timbers and had
his side crushed in.
As the north end of the balcony com
menced to fall the musicians became
panic-stricken, and, seizing their instru
ments, made a rush for the door. The
dancers followed. Several police officers
stationed at the door threw it shut and
held it against the panic-stricken dancers,
thus averting a certain catastrophe on
the narrow stairway.
Of the thirty persons in the gallery
JCrusle alone sustained serious Injuries.
All of the others, however, were pain
fully bruised.
LIVERPOOL LINE STEAMER
RONS AGROUND
The Pennland Goes on the Shoals
While Leaving the Port of
Philadelphia.
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 6.— The Ameri
can line steamship Pennland.which sailed
from this city for Liverpool with a gen
eral cargo valued at 'slso,ooo, ran aground
late yesterday in the shoals. She is still
hard and fast. Two of the city ice boats
attempted to move her this afternoon
without success. Her position is not dan
gerous, and should she fail to float at
midnight it is thought it may be neces
sary to lighten her cargo.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— The North Ger
man Lloyd steamship Kaiser Wilhelm 11,
for Naples, and the French line steamer
La Bretagne, for Havre, which were re
ported to have been grounded yesterday
off Sandy Hook near Gedney Channel
during thick weather, proceeded to sea
this morning, clearing the Sandy Hook
bar at 7 and 7:13 respectively. The Ger
man steamer got off under her own
steam and the French liner was pulled off
by the Merritt-Chapman Wrecking Com
pany.
Whitlock Miners Killed.
MARIPOSA, Feb. 6.— At the Alabama
mine at Whitlock, five miles north of
Mariposa, Thomas Beckerleg and W. J.
Delbridge were killed by the premature
explosion of a blast yesterday at 2 o'clock
Both men were married.
Two Carloads of Antimony.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Feb. 6.— Max Sohr,
representing the Chicago company which
contracted to supply Brice with anti
mony, from which he derives his gold,
announced to-day that one car and per
haps two of antimony will leave Mills
City, Nevada, to-morrow for Chicago.
Scene as Frank Belew Was Making His Confession to District Attorney Devlin
Yesterday Morning.
MAY TRY TO STOP
THE RELIEF TRAIN.
Canada Sending Mounted Police to the Yukon
to Prevent the American Expedition From
Reaching Dawson Without Paying
Customs Duties.
SALT LAKE, Feb. 6.— A special to
the Tribune from Butte, Mont., says:
Information received from Lethbridge,
on the Canadian boundary, is to the
effect that great excitement has been
caused there by orders received from
j the Dominion Government that every
j man of the mounted police hold himaelf
I in readiness to proceed to the Yukon
at a moment's notice for temporary
duty. Superintendent Dean has re
ceived notice to go to McLeod to re
, lieve Major Steele, wh<> was ordered to
the Yukon and had left for ti/dt place
before the arrival of the second mes
sage. Five men also were ordered to
the Yukon and left yesterday.
The orders, which were received by
wire by the officers in command from
the division, are said to be due to the
existence of serious trouble between
the Canadian and Unitod States au
thorities in Alaska relative to the at
tempt by the Americans to get provis
ions into the Yukon free of duty, osten
sibly for the relief of distress, but in
reality for sale to the highest bidders.
VICTORIA, Feb. 6.— The steamer
Queen left this morning with over 500
miners for the Yukon. She will be fol
lowed to-morrow by the Danube with
over 200 more. Over 100 miners' licenses
for the Yukon district were issued yes
terday and almost as many to-day by
the Collector of Customs. He has is
sued over fifty daily since the licenses
have arrived.
A party has been organized here to
carry on dredging operations on the
Hootalinqua River. It will take in a
large steel cylinder, similar to those
used in sinking artesian wells, and will
work the bars of the river.
The cylinder will be taken over on
the snow in a specially built sleigh.
Application will be made at the next
session of the local legislature for a
charter for a railway from Observatory
Inlet to Glenora, to connect with the
Teslin Lake Railway. This will give
a route from the coast to Damsey all in
Canadian territory.
ASTORIA, Or., Feb. 6.— The steamer
Elder, an , which is the Government's
Klondike relief expedition, after ad
vancing a hundred miles down the Co
lumbia River, is tied up here. Captain
Hinkle Is not willing to commit his ves
sel to the fury of the storm now raging
on the Pacific. Reports from Ft. Can
by station are that the wind off the
coast is blowing seventy-five miles an
hour and increasing.
The pressure of the public to secure
accommodations on the Alaskan bound
steamers almost brought disaster to the
expedition at the start. The soldiers
had not seen their quarters until the
steamship was ready to leave port.
When they found that all fifty-one of
them had been assigned to a low room
20x25 feet between the decks they re
monstrated. The quarters assigned
were on a level with the water line.
Fifty-one men were expected to spend
five days there. Separated from them
only by piles of freight were flftyhorses
and many dogs.
A compromise was finally suggested,
by which the soldiers were allowed to
roll up in their blankets on the floor
of first-class parlors and saloons. The
cabin passengers gave unanimous con
sent. At Astoria the quarters deserted
by the soldiers were quickly filled up
by new passengers.
CRUELTIES HAVE
FAILED TO REFORM.
DENVER, Feb. 6.— A sweeping change
was made to-day in the management of
the State Industrial School for Girls, Cap
tain Robert G. Smithers being placed in
charge as superintendent, with his wife
as matron, by Governor Adams, on recom
mendation of the Sta'.e Board of Charities
and Corrections, which is investigating
the condition of affairs at the institution.
The investigation has already made it
plain that the old management utterly
failed to control the incorrigible inmates,
although it had employed such drastic
measures as locking them in dark dun
geons, dousing them with cold water, put
ting them on bread and water diet and
stringing them to the wall with their
hands behind them. These methods of
discipline will now be dropped.
Schooner Fannie Kinney Founders.
JACKSONVILLE. Fla., Feb. 6.— The
schooner Fannie Kinney, Captain Fisher,
which sailed from Philadelphia January
2& with a cargo of coal, bound for this
port, foundered about five miles north
from the mouth of the St. Johns Rlyer
early this morning. The vessel went
ashore in the dense fog: that prevailed.
No lives were lost, but the vessel is
probably a total wreck.
BELEW NOW
ANXIOUS TO
PLEAD GUILTY
Does Not Want a Trial and
Wishes It Was All
Over With.
Makes Formal Confession of the
Murder of Brother and Sister
to the District Attorney
and Other Officials.
SUISUN, Feb. 6. — Frank Belew made a formal confession
of the murder of his brother and sister to the District Attorney
and other officers this morning. Just as he had finished
Attorney Reese Clark and Arthur Belew came into the court
yard. Frank saw them and remarked :
"There they are, but it's too late now."
Constable B. F. Newby and John W. Bird called to see
the prisoner to-day. He greeted them in a friendly way and
shook hands. He corrected some of the points of their testi
mony as reported exclusively . in The Call of Friday, but
agreed in the main that all their chief statements were correct
To Newby and Bird he said :
"1 do not want a trial. 1 want to plead guilty and have it
all over as soon as possible."
He made a somewhat modified statement to a Call re
porter in the evening, saying he was not sure which was the
better course.
Arthur Belew now believes his brother is guilty. He
called on him early in the afternoon and had a long talk.
"Frank could not look at me while he was talking," said
Arthur, "and 1 felt sorry for him."
Reese Clark and Arthur Belew were with the prisoner
just after he had made his confession to the officers. When
he told them what he had done Clark simply said: "You
have made a mistake and 1 cannot do any more for you."
PUBLIC CONFESSION
OF FRANK BELEW
Pale, Trembling and Haunted, the
Prisoner Belates to Details of
His Crime.
SUISUN, Feb. 6.— "This is the whole
story of m-" crimes," said Belew, pale,
trembling and haunted with the
shadow of his murders, as he arose to
sign a formal confession in the office
of District Attorney Devlin at 9 o'clock
this morning. Then the strange man
of stern and melting moods arose
and said: "I feel better now— feel as
DID FRANK BELEW
ATTEMPT SUICIDE?
SUISUN, Feb. 6.— Under Sheriff
Robinson says Watchman "Wells
thought Frank Belew tried to
commit suicide last night by put
ting a handkerchief down his
throat. Wells says he thinks the
attempt was made, but Belew
vigorously denies it.
if a great load had been lifted from
my mind."
He stretched his sinewy form full
length, gazed hoplessly out of the win
dow, and said: "There is Reese Clark,
my lawyer, with poor Arthur. It's too
late now, for it is all over, and I must
stand the consequences.
It was a strange spectacle of lost op
portunity cronfronting crimes aged
defender. A few moments before
Clark had said to The Call correspon
dent on the train: "This is an easy
case. Why didn't you get up some
thing hard for me like the case where
I once cleared a man after seven men
had sworn they saw him load the gun,
and five swore they saw him shoot the
man."
From the office where Frank Belew
made the confession that eased his
conscience still more than the one he
gave to Henry James of The Call yes
terday, he was at once taken to the
damp and lonesome Jail. Attorney
Clark and his brother Arthur went in
at once, and he repeated his confession
briefly to them, whereupon Clark said:
"I cannot do any more for you, for
you have made a great mistake."
It is impossible to obtain the verbose
legal text of the confession made this
morning. It consisted almost entirely
of questions and answers, all of 'which
were given without much hesitation.
"It corroborates quite rully the pub
lished reports as they appeared in the
San Francisco papers," said Attorney
Devlin. Belew's official confession was
made in the presence of District Attor
ney Devlin, Under Sheriff Robinson,
Deputy Sheriff Downing, James Wells
and Horace Perry, the stenographer,
who took the statement. It was a
strange and solemn scene. Those who
listened could hardly believe what they
heard, though the speaker told the
story with great particularity, avoid
ing few of the details. He shuddered
at times at the thought of his own
wickedness, especially when he spoke
of the sister he murdered.
"Hadn't she been a good sister to
you?" asked the District Attorney.
PRICE FIVE CE^TS.
"Yes; she was always good and
kind," came the trembling reply.
"I don't know why I did it, I don't
know why I did it," he said, so sadly,
so hopelessly that all who heard the
words felt~that the man had two sides
to his nature. He certainly did not
! similate grief, and it seems hard to be-
I lieve that the man who committed so
shocking a crime could feel such poig
nant grief. At times he was overcome
with a floc-d of memories that almost
J crushed him. Then he would recite
any little thing in mitigation, as if it
relieved his troubled spirit, as when ho
' sobbingly said: "I tried to save Susie
| after I did it; I went and got a doc
| tor." For a moment it seemed as if the
j man told the truth when he said he
I was sad and full of remorse while he
! sat holding his dying sister's hand.
After Belew was told, at the very out
set of the proceedings, that he was un
der no obligation to speak, that n©
threats would be made and no rewards
offered, he said: "I understand the sit
uation, and I know I am free, so I will
make a voluntary confession that I am
guilty and that I .want to confess. I
slept better last night after talking to
the reporters."
"Did you ever think of making a. con
ADVERTISEMENTS.
*— 'fljHni^^Br^^^v^ """""* Tnere is no
•<■;',•. *•*•* -■ puny and peevish,
and the mother sickly, fretful, and nervous.
1 The woman who neglects to take proper care
of herself and. who therefore suffers front
weakness and disease of the organs of wo-
' manhood cannot be healthy and amiable.
- Her children will be puny and ailing and
happiness will pass by on the other side.
There is no reason why every woman should
: not be the fcealthy, happy mother of robust
\ and . playful children if she will take th'»
proper care of herself. Proper care means,
r first of all, proper medicine for her ailments.
? ; >Dr. Pierce s : Favorite J Prescription .will
i make ; any woman strong and well in a wo-
manly way. It cures all weakness and dis-
ease of the distinctly feminine organism. It
" prepares a woman for motherhood. : , It in-
; sures the health ; of a the baby. : It : makes
. parturition easy and nearly painless. ;!, Over
90,000 women have ; testified to its virtues,
in writing. Druggists sell it and have no
substitute "just \as g00d.". : The - druggist
who tries to force , something else upon you
:is \ not an honest , man; :He is trifling with
your, life and happiness for the sake of a
greater profit to himself. V
Mrs. K. E. ; Forgey. of Cams, Keyapaha, Co.,
- Neb., writes: M I write to you again concerning
%my daughter, Mrs. D. Billing^. . She has taken
I two bottles of ' Favorite Prescription ' and two
of ' Golden Medical Discovery.' ; She thinks the
c medicines did her a world of good. ' She was con-
1 fined the \ 15th of February. , Was sick about
I three hours, and now bus a ten pound daughter.
■■She got along, nicely afterward. She say« aha
' never felt so well. \ She looks well and her com-
.-; plrxion is clear." .; ~ ■■. ; ' .; .
The modern business world won't stand
■ still or loiter to wait for the man who suffers
1 from headaches.-; biliousness and dyspepsia,
caused by constipation. Dr. Pierce* Pleas-
ant Pellets cure constipation.. Of druggist*.2
fesfion before you were arrested?"
"Yes; I had sometimes thought cf
confessing, for the secret bore down on
me like a great weight, as if f would
be smothered if I did not tell the world
and meet my fate."
"Did you ever think of confessing to
Captain Curtin and me at the Arcade
Hotel when you %vere being questioned
before the inquest?"
"No; I had no idea erf confessing then,
but once after that I thought of send
ing for you and telling you all I had
done."
His story then ran somewhat as fol
lows:
"I poisoned them with 'rough on rats'
Which 1 had had for six years or so. I
put the poison in a paper, a pjece of
newspaper, before I left home. I came
into town to the house where Susie and ".
Louis lived after Tommy and Miss
Brinaley came in."
The strange and shaking story of
the murder was then told with such
minuteness as is seldom heard falling
from the lips of the perpetrators of
crimes.
"Tommy and his sweetheart, Miss
Brimley, had left the supper table."
paid the trembling prisoner, as he
'told the solemn story of his wicked
deed. "Theie was some delay at the
carriage while they were all saying
good-by. I then wont through the
kitchen and dropped the poison
through the top, after lifting the lid.
After I was sure that the poison was
In the water I walked into the room
where Susie was preparing to meet
Charley Khmann, who was soon to
marry her. She was fixing her hajr at
the time, and we chatted as if nothing
had happened."
Pressed as to his motive, Frank said
he did not think he could tell unless
It was that his brother and sister had
made some bitter talk reflecting on the
character of his wife. He could not
pay definitely whether the motive was
revenge. He emphasized the fact that
Susie had always been good to him,
and that he got a doctor and did all he
could to save her life.
In the afternoon the prisoner was
egain led from his cell to the District
Attorney's office, where all he had said
•was road to him from the stenograph
er's notes. He suggested half a dozen
or more minor amendments, made
fome additions of no great importance
and signed the confession in the pres
ence of the same witnesses who first
heard it made.
The most dramatic meeting of the
<3ay was between Arthur Belew and the
guilty man, though the scene was not
so affecting a3 the meeting arranged
by The Call between Tommy Belew
and Frank two days ago, when the
murderer was still protesting his in
nocence though greatly worried and
rapidly breaking. Tommy broke down
and cried like a child, for he is given to
melting moods, and he felt as if sus
picion rested on him when he appealed
to Frank in trembling tones: "Frank.
Frank, did you kill my dear sister and
brother."
Arthur is a far larger and stronger
man than Tommy, but in spite of this
fact his eyes have been moist for many
days. He is the one brother who still
wears crepe on his hat, and who often
cries as he tells the story of his rela- :
tivos' murder. When he entered the
cell to-day and grasped Frank by the J
har:>3 he said: "Frank, was that con- j
fession all right."
"Yes," was the reply, "I poisoned
them both." Then Arthur broke
down and said: "Why did you do it? j
Oh, why did you do it? You must have ,
been out of your head."
Frank was sitting on his cot, which
is on the floor, and Arthur was sitting
Ijy his side in a chair.
"I do not see how I could have been
with you all these weeks and had no
suspicion," was Arthur's final reply.
"Many a night you have gone to bed
first, and I have heard you snoring and ,
Bleeping soundly with this on your i
BOUl."
"But I was not always sleeping as !
well as you thought," said Frank, "for j
this thing has been weighing on me j
like a thousand tons of pressure," said ;
the man who slew his brother and sis- j
ter.
Speaking of the interview late in the
evening, Arthur said: "It seems to me
Impossible that he committed that
crime while he was in his right mind, j
I think some strange emotion controlled .
him, and he could not resist the idea
to do what he did. I always said that
I would not believe this on him until |
he confessed it, and now he has con- j
1. First, I thought he was drunk ,
or drugged when he confessed, but he j
Bays he told the truth, though he had
had a few drinks when he first told.lt j
to the reporters."
Constable Newby. and John "W. Bird
called to see Belew at 5 o'clock this
afternoon. He arose and shook them
warmly by the hands, as if nothing had ;
happened.
"I corrected some of the things both !
of you stated," said Frank, "for you
made some blunders. Ido not remem
ber that I threatened the crime the day
before," said to Bird.
"Yes, you did," replied Bird; "and
that is the way I knew it was you who
did the murder."
That answer corroborated the theory
that in the wild night of revenge and
crime the human demon's memory
slipped a cog, which happening of the
unexpected led to the proof that he was
the murderer, the proof coming like a
thunderbolt at a time when all the
world, save the officers in charge and
The Call, believed that the story of the
most celebrated crime in the history of
the State would remain a mystery un
til the end of time.
At 6 o'clock this evening, though Be
lew had told the Under Sheriff that he
did not want to see any reporters, he
sent for Leigh Irvine of The Call, whom
he had known since November 9.
"I felt that I wanted to see some
body socially," he said, "and as The
Call has always treated me fairly I
wanted to talk with you about one or
two private matters, but I want you
to promise that you will not print what
I say."
The promise was given, whereupon
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Pears' soap clears and
smoothes and softens the
skin; makes it transparent
if possible ; empties it ;
stimulates action ; and so
affects the complexion and
health.
Belew discussed various matters in de
tail. His conversation revealed many
remarkable traits of character and
some tenderness that has not yet come
to light, but the pledge of secrecy shall
not be broken. There were some things
he consented to say for publication.
Among these may be mentioned his de
nial of the fact that he ever had any
intention of trying to kill Bird.
"That is a cold-blooded assumption,"
he said, "for Bird and I had always
been friends, and I had nothing against
him."
The prisoner's eyes filled with tears
as he recalled some deeds which
showed that he had befriended Bird in
the past.
"But somehow I cannot think so
much of him as I did." he said, "even
if he did tell the truth In about all he
said."
"You say you would not have killed
him because you liked him, but did you
not say that you loved your sister, and
yet you killed her?"
"Oh, don't speak of that again," he
replied with a start, as if his mind had
for a moment had surcease from the
horrible realization of what he had
done. Then studying a moment he
said: "I cannot understand this killing
at all."
He never speaks of it as a murder,
and seems to shudder at the word.
Pressed more closely as to his motive,
he finally admitted that he swept those
he once loved from the face of the earth
because they had slandered the woman
whom he swore he would love and pro
tect to the end of time.
"When I heard Susie and Louis speak
evil words of my wife," he said In firm
tones, "I conceived the idea that there
ought to be some way to make them
suffer. I do not think I had the idea of
poisoning them in my mind for over
three hours, but out on the ranch I suf
fered at the thought that my wife was'
not with me and that she was separated
partly because of financial worries. I
said to myself that it was not right for
them to talk as they had done."
Then the speaker, somewhat cooler
than he had been before, paused as a
smile stole over his face, lighting his
countenance, ending In a determined
frown. He looked bold as a lion as he
said: "When any human being steps
between a man and the woman he
loves as I loved my wife and as I love
her now, let him beware of the con
sequences." That declaration was ut
tered with more firmness fhan has
characterized any statement yet made
by the prisoner.
"I did not kill them for the paltry
money in the question," he repeated
again and again, seeming to scorn the
idea that anybody would kill a human
being for money. "But it kills me to
hear words spoken that reflect on the
character of the woman I loved."
"Do you love your wife now," was
asked. Tears came to his eyes for the
first time during the interview and he
said: "Yes, I do. I love her this min
ute and will love her as long as I live.
I am sorry that all this will cause her
suffering and disgrace."
Speaking of the case further he said:
"I think Clark has given me up, though
he may come yet. Though I am inclined
to think the best thing is to plead
guilty and depend upon the mercy of
the court."
Throughout the entire interview two i
subjects only moved the prisoner to I
tears or deep emotion, and these sub
jects affected women — his dead sister
and his wife. Whenever Susie Belew
was referred to as a delicate woman,
leaning upon him, he was deeply af
fected, and when the name of the wom
an he loves was spoken his face was
wholly different, as if he still had hopes
of a reunion with her if not sooner than
in the land beyond, in which Belew
says he firmly believes. Studied in all
his moods, Frank Belew is one of the
most remarkable criminals of the cen
tury. He has little egotism, and be
neath a thin surface of deceit appar
ently very, little hypocrisy. Contrasted
with the demeanor of Durrant, that of
Belew seems frankness itself. He is so
accustomed to freedom and fresh air
that he greatly suffers under the re
straints of the jail, one of the most mis
erable, by the way, in the State. His
cell is narrow, damp and cold. There
are no facilities for exercise, and the
bunks are all about as miserable as one
will see outside of Mexico's prisons.
There have been rumors that Belew at
tempted to commit suicide, though he
denies that he wants to end his life,
and says he wants to face the case as
bravely as he can and face the conse
quences. He dreads the strain and no
toriety of a long trial, and inclines to
the idea the quicker everything is aver
the better it will be for him. To-night
he is the complete picture of hopeless
resignation. He says he must face the
results like a man.
"You know what they do with men
who do what I have done," he said,
"and I suppose there Is no way of es
cape. Ido not want to escape, as there
is nothing in life for a man who 'has
done what I have done."
The impression is inevitable that this
strange man's life has been ruined be
cause he fell madly In love with a
woman from whom he was separated,
largely through financial troubles,
which he encountered while he was
struggling for bread against great
odds, and while the dice of fate were
loaded against him. "Whatever comes
to him in this world, or any distant star
there is little doubt that, as he sits In
his cheerless cell to-night, there is one
picture uppermost In his mind, one
emotion strong in the night of despair
love for his wife. He says he can still
see her face and In memory hear her
voice. She is with him In his troubles,
and perhaps, In spite of the blackness
of the situation, he hears in happy
dreams the footsteps of her return.
FATAL TRAIN WRECK.
TACOMA, Feb. 6.— The washing out of
a small bridge at I,ake Station, fifteen
miles east of Paaco Junction, in Eastern
Washington, last night, has resulted in
wrecking a Northern Pacific train. The
eastbound overland, which left Tacoma
last evening, reached Lake Station at
about 'daylight this morning, and before
it was known that the bridge had gone
out. the engine and mail, the baggage
and express cars plunged through into
the swollen creek. All of the passenger
cars kept to the track.
Two tramps who were stealing a ride
on the blind baggage are reported killed
and two others Injured. None of the pas
sengers were hurt. The engineer and fire
man saved themselves by Jumping and
the train employes are said to have es
caped unhurt.
Melting snows under a Chinook wind
caused the creek at Lake Station to rise
very rapidly yesterday, resulting in the
sudden washout shortly before the over
land was Oue. A laege trainload of bridge
timbers was hastily forwarded from here
this morning, and the break will be re
paired to-night. To-day all traffic on the
main line has been blocked at the scene
of the wreck, and the overland train due
at noon is not yet in. This evening the
wrecked train was taken back to Pasco
Junction and started for Spokane over
the Oregon Railway and Navigation Com
pany line.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1898.
DEFYING THE
PEOPLE'S WILL
San Jose's Council Fails
to Pass a Needed
Ordinance.
Prevents a Readjustment of
the Government of the
City.
New Charter Club Again Resorts to
the Law, but Its Efforts May
Be Futile.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 6.— The new Charter
Club is taking a decided stand in muni
cipal affairs. Its course has been
brought about by the extravagance of
the Council, and the flagrant violations
of the charter provisions in regard to
the letting of contracts. During the
past week President Smith of the new
Charter Club has procured two re
straining orders against the Mayor and
Common Council. The first was to en
join them from entering into a three
year contract with Nash & Reynolds
for sweeping the streets, and the sec
ond was to balk a job for the pur
chase of a fire-alarm system from the
United States Fire Alarm Company. In
both of these cases the contract had
been let to the highest bidder.
The latest move of the New Charter
Club was made to-day, when President
Smith went to Judge Kittredge's resi
dence and procured a writ of mandate
to compel the Mayor and Common
Council to pass the ordinance providing
for the readjustment of the city gov
ernment as regards the assessment of
city property and the collection of city
taxes. It is proposed by the ordinance,
which is now before the Council, to dis
pense with the assessment of city prop
erty and the collection of taxes by the
city officials and make that work a por
tion of the duties of the County Asses
sor and Tax Collector.
The ordinance was introduced at the
meeting of the Council two weeks ago
and given its first reading. A meeting
of the Council was called for last night
to give the ordinance its second reading
and passage, in order to come within
the time allowed by law. A quorum
failed to put in an appearance, as
Councilman Fay was in San Francisco,
and Dittus and Krieg could not be
found. Only Mayor Koch and Nolting
were present. It is reported that the
absence of Fay and others was prear
ranged, as the passing of the ordinance
would take away work from several of
the Rea gang's pets.
This afternoon Mayor Koch called a
meeting of the Council for to-morrow
morning. The New Charter Club, how
ever, feared it would not be held and
decided to procure an order compelling
the Councilmen to hold a meeting. The
Councilmen were cited to appear before
Judge Kittredge this morning and show
reason why they should not pass the
ordinance. It is thought a quorum will
not be found to-morrow and no meeting
will be held. In such a case the time
will have elapsed, and things will run
along in the same old rut for another
year. .
SUFFERS FOR HOURS
BEFORE HE IS FOUND
Suisun Hunter Loses an Arm
Through the Accidental Dis
charge of a Gun.
SUISUN, Fob. 6.— John Hitchcock, son
of Rev. A. F. Hitchcock, met with an aw
ful accident while hunting at Joyce Isl
and to-day by the accidental discharge
of his gun. His right arm was almost
torn away, and it was amputated to
night. Hitchcock shot himself at II
o'clock, and lay suffering for five hours
before he was found, li seems strange
that he was discovered at all. for the ac
cident could not have occurred in a moro
out of the way place. Four men employed
by G. Braghetta made the discovery and
brought the unfortunate man to his
home, arriving there at 8:30 o'clock. Ho
was in a very weak condition, and the
chances for his recovery are doubtful.
EX-SENATOR ROUTIER DEAD
Descendant of a Noted French Familu Who Helped to
Make California Historu.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 6.— Ex-State Senator Joseph Routier died at his
home near this city this morning. He came to this county from France In
1853, and was the pioneer orchardist here. In 1877-78 he was a member of the
Assembly, and the following session served in the Senate. Subsequently he
served four years at the head of the State Fish and Game Commission.
Mr. Routier was. a member of a noble family in France, his full name be
ing Charles Marie Joseph Timoleon Routier de Bullemont, but on coming
to this country he dropped all but Joseph Routier. When a youth in 1851 he
joined the revolutionists in France, and was wounded In an engagement
with the royalist troops. . For many years he was a prosperous fruit-grower
but he lost heavily by the failure of M. T. Brewer & Co. He never recouped
his loss, but got deeper into debt, until about a year ago his orchard prop
erty w.as taken by his creditors. His widow is a nelpleas invalid.
LESE MAJESTE
IN SUSANVILLE
Judge Kelley Objects to
Criticisms of His
Court.
Tries to Compel an Operator
to Tell Who Filed Certain
Dispatches.
Queer Outgrowths of the Recent
Scrimmaga Before the Bar
oi' Justice.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SUSANSVILLE, Feb. 6.— The recent
"scrimmage" in the Superior Court
room of Lassen County, and the pub
lished accounts of the affair, have led
to some interesting legal processes,
among which are the arrest of Superior
Judge Kelley for battery; an effort by
him to force the telegraph operator
who sent the dispatches to the Associ
ated Press to reveal the name of the
correspondent, and a denial by the
Supreme Court of a writ of. prohibition
ATTORNEY E. V. SPENCER.
'in disbarment proceedings against
| Attorney E. V. Spencer. It is also in
; teresting to note that the latter gen
! tleman while in the last Legislature
succeeded in having passed a bill pro
; viding for an appeal in just such a pro
ceeding as that which is, doubtless, to
' result in his disbarment— an alleged
contempt commute* 1 ! in the presence of
1 the court. Governor Budd pocketed or
■ vetoed the bill, much to Spencer's dis
j gust at the time.
The battery charge against Judge
| Kelley has not yet been disposed of. A
I change of venue has been taken from
one Justice Court to another, and it Is
' presumed that Judge Kelley will plead
I "not guilty," and demand a jury trial.
I It is publicly whispered that this bat
j tery case will not be brought to an
issue until the settlement of the con
i tempt proceedings which are, presum
! ably, to result In Spencer's disbarment,
I This matter will come up to-morrow,
i having been continued to that date to
i give the attorney time in which to de-
I termine whether he will let a certain
affidavit made by him, and for which
he is held to be liable to disbarment,
I stand as it is, or whether he will pro
i duce the evidence upon which his '"in
formation and belief" were based. In
either case it seems reasonably certain
I that the result will be the same.
Shortly after the San Francisco pa
pers containing accounts of the "scrim
mage" were received in Susanville
Judge Kelley called at the office of the
California and Oregon Telegraph Com
pany and demanded the name of the
Associated Press correspondent. This
was refused him, as a matter of course,
and he then issued and had served up
on the operator a citation, which is
supplemented by an affidavit setting
forth that a certain dispatch appeared
in the Sacramento Bee and other pa
pers; that said dispatch "was willfully,
intentionally and maliciously false in
many important and material re
spects," that it was sent to "prejudice
public opinion," and among other al
legations, that it was sent "to gratify
the personal spite, malice, ill-will and
animosities of the writer or sender of
said dispatch for personal or political
reasons, or both."
Before the hour set for the examina
tion of the operator the Associated
Press correspondent called upon Judge
Kelley, and acknowledged that he sent
the details in brief, which had been
furnished him by reputable witnesses,
although his matter had been changed
and "padded" in some particulars. As
a result of this action by the corre
spondent, the examination of the oper
ator was continued indefinitely.
A verbatim copy of the citation fol
lows:
In the Superior Court of Laspen County,
State of California. In the matter of the
examination of N. S. McKinsey. The
people of the State of California "to N. S.
McKinsey— Greeting: You are hereby
cited to be and appear in the Superior
Court of the county of Lassen. State of
California, at the courtroom thereof, at
the town of Susanville, in said county,
on tlie 3d day of* February, ISOS, at 10
o'clock a. m. of that day, then and there
to show cause, if any you have wn"y you
should riot, and make known the name
of the person or persons who wrote and
sent or had written and sent a certain
dispatch or telegram or telephone mes
sage, sent by you or by and through you,
by your employe or agent, on or about
the Bth, 9th or 10th day of January, 1898,
from Susanville, Cal., and bring with you
on said day for examination each, every
and all telegraph or telephone dispatch
or messaae duly sent on each and all of
said dates which were Associated Press
dispatch or telephone messages sent to
the Associated Press to San Francisco or
Sacramento, Cal., or otherwise and which
in lipport, substance, wording, language
or meaninK relate to the subject matter
of or resemble a copy of a certain tele
graphic dispatch or telephone message
hereunto attached, and thereby duly
made a part of this citation, and to
which reference is hereby made for fur
ther particulars. Witness the honorable
F\ A. KELLEY,
Judge of the Superior Court of the Coun
ty of Lassen, State of California, this
26th day of January, 1898.
Attest:
[Seal] W. H. BURRILL, Clerk.
BROWN REPEATS
HIS CONFESSION
Offers No "Word of Extenuation
to His Congregation
in Chicago.
His Resignation as Pastor to Be Passed
Upon by the Church on
Wednesday.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Feb. 6.— Rev. C. O. Brown of
the Green street Congregational' Church
reiterated to-night before an audience
that filled the church to the doors the
confessions that he had made a week be
fore in San Francisco, which were a par
tial admission of guilt under the charges
upon which the Bay Conference dis
missed him from its ranks two years ago.
He offered no word of extenuation and
did not express the hope of finding* de
fenders. He said that for two years he
posed in a false attitude before the pub
lic of Chicago, which had been kind and
encouraging to him, not even one person
here asking him the question, "Were you
guilty?"
Tho strongest strictures of the Chi
cago press, lie declared, if the press de
sired to make use of strictures concern
ing him, would be only what he deserved,
not only for his guilt, but for his hav
ing abused the kindness shown him by
all the daily papers. He said that in
San Francisco the editor of one of the
papers told him that if he made the con
fession he proposed to make he would
be mobbed. He ventured the confession,
but instead of a mob he was greeted by
men who had been his friends before the
expulsion from his pulpit and from the
Bay Conference. He did not ask as much
from Chicago, but made the confession
notwithstanding.
Green street church is to pass upon the
resignation of its pastor next Wednes
day. It is said among some of his
friends that if he is allowed to resume
the pulpit he will do so with the inten
tion of remaining there so long as his
services are desired, no matter what in
ducements in other fields may open them
selves to him.
LOST HER GEMS AT SEA.
Passenger of the City of Peking
Bobbed of "Jewelry.
TACOMA, Feb. 6.— The monotony of the
last trip of the Pacific Mail steamship
City of Peking from San Francisco to
Yokohama, via Honolulu, was disagree
ably disturbed by the theft of $5000 worth
of Jewelry from a woman traveling in the
cabin. The . property had been cleverly
abstracted from a trunk, at the bottom of
which she had placed it for safety. On as
certaining her loss, she informed Captain
Smith, who instituted inquiries without
result. Finally the woman offered $500 re
ward for the discovery of the missing
Jewelry, and the very next day a China
man gave information that he had found
it in one of the closets. It was handed
over to the purser pending further official
investigation, which was to take place at
Shanghai or Honßkong, where the Peking
arrived two weeks ago.
Japanese papers just received tell the
story of the loss, but do not give the wo
man's name. The theft occurred after
the steamer left Honolulu, and she is sup
posed to have been a passenger from that
city or San Francisco.
To Cure a Cold In One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure.
25c. The genuine baa I* B. Q. on «ach tablet
RAIN GIVES NEW
LIFE TO CROPS
Showers Continue to Fall
Throughout the
State.
Indications in Many Sections
Point to a Heavy
Downpour.
Large Acreage Sown to Grain Now
Bids Fair to Yield Big
Returns.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VENTURA, Feb. 6.— Rain began fall
ing here this morning, and has contin
ued at intervals. Reports received
from interior sections are that sheep
raisers are jubilant, as well as the
farmers and fruit growers. A heavy
rain storm is now expected. "With
plenty of rain an abundance of grain
will be assured. There would also be
a heavy fruit crop.
. NAPA, Feb. 6.— For the past thirty
six hours there has been a general rain
throughout Napa Valley. The present
season thus far has been exceedingly
cold and dry, being very favorable to
the fruit growers, but not beneficial to
grain growers, who have an unusually
large amount of grain sown. The pres
ent rain has been of incalculable bene
fit to the general farming community.
PORTERVILLE, Feb. 6.— Forty-five
hundredths of an inch of rain fell here
during last night and this morning,
with prospects for more before the
storm is over. The warm weather of
the past few days had been drying the
grain rapidly, and this precipitation
came just in time to save it. A much
larger. acreage than usual has been
sown this season.
SANTA BARBARA, Feb. 6.— lt is
thought that the backbone of the dry
season in this section has been broken,
as it rained all Saturday night, and
has been raining steadily to-day. The
cattlemen and farmers are more hope
ful for the future.
TULARE. Feb. 6.— Fifty-hundredths
of an inch of rain fell here last night.
Everybody is happy, as the drought is
at an end, and good crops are assured.
The weather is threatening, and more
rain is expected to-night. Grain is
growing nicely.
YUBA CITY, Feb. 6.— lt began rain
ing here yesterday noon. The precipi
tation for the storm is 1.53 inches, and
for the season 8.09.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Feb. 6.— lt is be
lieved that the rain of to-day, if fol
lowed by even moderate showers, will
make fair crops, and the area of
grcund sown is over the average in ex
pectancy of high prices. Cattle have
suffered badly, and dairymen will lose
heavily now, even if rains come. Grain,
fruit, beets, etc., will be fairly good. .
BAKERSFIELD, Feb. 6.— There was
just enough rain this morning to lay
the dust. Crops are not suffering yet.
There is some fear about the snow on
the mountains for summer water. Win
ter feed is scarce, owing to the co-Id
weather. Hay is advancing and ship
ments to unirrigated counties increas
ing. Stock in the foothills is poor and
weak.
LOS ANGELES, Ijeb. 6.— The weath
er to-day has been threatening and
showers have occurred during the day,
but there has been no copious down
pour such as is badly needed both for
the fruit trees and the grain crops.
Clouds are still heavy overhead to
night, however, and if the wind
changes again more rain will likely re
sult. The small gTain sown within the
last month has made a very small
growth, and some is hardly out of the
ground. A light crop will result unless
the rain comes soon. Hay has ad
vanced in price here already in antici
pation of a scarcity. There is a short
age of water for irrigation purposes al
ready, and trees that cannot be irri
gated are already needing rain.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 6.— No rain has
fallen here since last night, but the
weather is warm and the sky clouded.
The precipation of yesterday's storm
was about one inch, and it must have
greatly benefited the crops, though,
as frequently stated, grain in this vi
cinity and north of here was not suffer
ing for rain. If the rainfall the rest
of this month and in March and April
should be anything near the average
there will be good crops. The buds on
the apricot, almond and cherry trees
are swelling, and a few weeks more will
find many in blossom. It is believed
that the cold weather has passed and
that from now on everything will grow
luxuriantly. Grass and grain that had
been kept back by the frost are row
starting up.
PROBABLY THE
STEAMSHIP NOYO
Vessel Puts in at Union, B. C,
for a Supply of
Coal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Feb. 6.— At aboutßo' clock to
nient a sieamer stopped at Union (B. <_..)
coaling station. The fact was telephoned
to Nanaimo, but the name of the steamer
was not given. It is supposed to be the
JNoyo. The vessel could not reach here
before 7 or 8 o'clock in the morning. Con
siderable anxiety has been manifested
here over the non-arrival of the Noyo The
vessel was booked to sail again on Febru
ary 5.
The Noyo left Seattle on January 23
with about 150 passengers and 300 tons of
freight. She also had in tow barge Noyo
No. 2, with a number of horses. After
reaching Skaguay and discharging her
cargo, a number of the passengers, in
cluding several Klondikers. were taken
aboard. On the morning of the 31st she
sailed for Seattle.
The steamer City of Seattle, south
bound, left Skaguay on February 1. The
following day she passed the steamer
Noyo, with the barge in tow, just south
of Wrangel. The Seattle reached this
city yesterday morning at 6 o'clock, and
it was expected that the Noyo would
soon follow, but up to a late hour to-night
sho had not been reported. A. Chilberg,
the agent for the company operating the
Noyo, expressed the opinion that the
steamer has been delayed by the ele
ments. He will not think that any acci
dent has befallen her unless she is de
layed a day or two longer.
A hundred or more passengers who
have purchased tickets and have their
freight at the wharf are becoming un
easy and some of them are demanding
the return of their money so as to ar
range for transportation on other steam
ers.
It is a remarkable coincidence that,
with one exception (the City of Seattle),
all steamers that have arrived here or
were due from Alaska during the past
ten days, have met with some misfor
tune. They were the Al-Ki, Coqultlan.
City of Topeka and the Corona, the lat
ter still rorkbound off Lewis Island.
Most Complexion Powders
have a vulgar glare, but Pozzoni's la a true
beantifier , wboee effects are lasting. j
COURSING DOGS
IN MANY TIES
Close Contests Mark the
Sunday Sport at Los
Angeles.
First and Second Money Di
vided Between Van Nida
and Van Brulle.
The Running Horse Prince Hookar
Again Defeats Wheelmen
Over a Distance.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 6.— A good at
tendance, fast jacks and fleet hounds
made the coursing at Agricultural Park
to-day interesting In spite of the
threatening skies during the afternoon,
and those who had ventured out were
rewarded by seeing good sport. Several
races resulted in ties, which had to ba
run in some instances as many as three
or fbur times before the winner could
be declared. An extra feature of .tha
day was a foot race at 100 yards, be
tween Berry of Los Angeles and Pac«
of Azusa, Berry winning in 10% sec
onds.
The race between Bob Hackney's run
ning horse Prince Hooker and the trip
let bicycle, ridden by Lacy, Cromwell
and Palmer, was run again to-day, for
the boys are determined to win. This
was an exciting event, for the time had
been set at eleven minutes, and nothing
outside of that was to be counted. It
was hard to pick the winner from the
start, both contestants keeping nearly
even for the first four miles, with the
boys slightly in the lead, but as this
has always been the case heretofore, no
one was surprised to see the horse come
in ahead in the last mile. The time
made was 12:01, consequently the purse
was not awarded.
In the first run-offs Reliance beat
Lady Angeline; Brindle beat Laguna
Belle; Van Nkla beat Cyclone; White
Chief beat Col. Nigger; San Pedro beat
Harry; Here We Are beat Queen B;
Fannie S beat Hardy; Jack II beat
Major Black a bye; Flying Jib beat
Brin; Flora beat Lady Grace; Sailor
Girl beat Girofle; Red Dick beat The
Times, a bye; Van Brulle beat ABC;
Snooze beat Night; Lady in Black beat
Galtee More, a bye; Innocent Daisy
beat Tip Steadman.
In the first ties Reliance beat Brin
dle after a tie; Van Nida beat White
Chief; San Pedro beat Here We Are;
Fannie S beat Jack II; Sailor Girl beat
Red Dick; Van Brulle beat Snooze;
Flying Jib beat Flora after two ties;
Innocent Daisy beat Lady in Black
after a tie.
In the second ties Van Nida beat Re
liance; San Pedro beat Fannie S; Sailor
Girl beat Flying Jib; Van Brulle beat
Innocent Daisy.
In the third ties Van Nida beat San
Pedro; Van Brulle beat Sailor Girl.
The next was a match race between
Ormonde and Sixten Fifty, Ormonde
winning after a tie.
The money went as follows: Van
Nida and Van Brulle, first and second
money divided: Sailor Girl, third; San
Pedro fourth; the rest divided.
Watching Bald and Lehr.
BUFFALO?, Feb. 6.—Secretary Reeves
of the National Cycledrome to-day met
Eddie Bald in this city and proposed a
match race between Bald and the Ger
man champion. Lehr, mile heats, best\
two in three. Bald was favorable and'
asked for a side bet of $500. Reeves left
for St. Louis to-night to secure Lehr's
signature to the agreement. It is pro
posed to pull off the race at» the com
bined meet of the Quill Club and Kings
County Wheelmen at Ambrose Park,
Brooklyn, in May, or at the opening meet
of the "National Cycledrome.
Baseball at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 6.— At Cyclers' Park
to-day the baseball game between the
Garden City Wheelmen and San Fran
cisco Road Club was won by the home
club by a score of 6 to 1.
iiMum 0
DO. YOU FIND YOUR
old pristine strength and
vigor and vim slipping slow-
ly away from you ? Do you
now get dazed and exhaust-
ed ? Have you to reach outV
for some support ever and
anon? These are important
questions for you to answer
yourself. You have to fight
your own battles and must
be fully prepared. Wher"
ever you go the weak is last, •
the strong first.
I If Yon Are Losing : [
i Your Grip Remember ♦
I HUDYAN Cures. ]
HUDYAN cures Nervous
Debility ■ S.jeimaiorrhea,
Varicocele and disorders of
man.
Write for Circulars and
Testim nials. X
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE/
CO V. MARKET AND ELLIS STS.
Con iult Hudson Medical Doctors Free
1 '- ■ :.■•:■-■ :-ANNEXATION TREATY
MAY BE ABANDONED
NOW SIRE
10 FAIL OF
RATIFICATION
Votes Yet Lacking to
Put the Scheme
Through.
Senators May Be Induced
to Take Up the Mor
gan Bill.
Speaker Reed Desires to Get
the Question Before the
House.
WANTS TO SECURE ACTION
But There May Be Fresh Obstructions
to the Plan to Annex
Hawaii.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NSW YORK. Feb. 6.— The Herald's
■Washington correspondent telegraphs:
I learn from a reliable source to-day
that Speaker Reed considers it impos
sible to get the sixty votes in the Sen
ate necessary to ratify the pending Ha
waiian treaty. Having made up his
mind that the treaty cannot be rati
fied, he is anxious that a vote demon
strating this may be speedily taken,
and that both houses begin considera
tion at once of the Morgan bill.
He has promised to push the bill
through the House in less than a week
if the friends of the treaty will consent
to the abandonment of that instrument.
With the experience of the last few
months showing how completely the
Speaker controls the affairs of the
House, no one doubts for a moment
that he will be able to fulfill his prom
ise, and Hawaiian annexation, there
fore, it is thought, is sure to be brought
about during the present session of
Congress. If the treaty is abandoned
the bill, it is hoped, will be passed by
the Senate by a majority fully as large
in proportion as the majority in the
House.
Senator Davis is not yet prepared to
.abandon the treaty, but if it becomes
aj.parent to him before the end of the
week that he cannot get the two votes
Blffl necessary for ratification he will
join heartily in the movement to bring
it c Morgan bill to an early vote.
* Senator Davis has asserted for sev
eral days that sixty Senators can be de
pended upon to vote for the treaty.
Impartial men who have made a can
vass, however, are unable to count pu
on more than fifty-eight as a certainty
— forty-one Republicans, three Silver-
Republicans, four Populists and ten
Democrats. The two remaining votes
must come from the Democratic side,
and Senator Gorman has been depend
ed upon by Senator Davis, through his
strong influence with his party, to get
these votes.
BUILDINGS TORN DOWN
TO STAY A BLAZE.
Heroic Work of a Bucket Brigade to
Save an Indiana Town.
ALBANY, Ind.. Feb. 6.— A furious fire
broke out here at midnight in the Spei
cher business block and raged for two
hours and a half. An appeal to Muncie
failed to bring relief. Albany has no
fire protection to cope with a big con
flagration, and the citizens are power
less, but at an early hour were tearing
down buildings to finally stop the fire
by want of fuel. One thousand men
formed in lino with 500 buckets and saved
much property.
The total loss is estimated variously at
from fifty to eighty thousand dollars.
The Speicher block was destroyed and
half a dozen firms lost from $3000 to $10,
000. Hobbs' clothing store in another
block, with a stock worth $20,000, was bad
ly scorched; all the stock was removed,
but one-half of it was ctolen afterward.
The telephone operator was driven from
his post while on duty. Insurance divided
equally between the Phoenix, Merchants
or Chicago and Mechanics of Milwaukee.
STAIRWAY FALLS WITH A
FUNERAL ASSEMBLAGE
Many Women Injured in an Accident
at the Lexington Aud torium.
LEXIXGTON, Ky., Feb. 6.— Several
thousand negroes congregated at the Au
ditorium to-day, where the funeral ser
mon of the negro Baptist preacher, San
ford J. Howard, was to be preened. The
wooden st^ps to the Auditorium, laden
with three score women, broke down.
Four women suffered broken legs, and
many others were more or less seriously
Jr. lured. A panic ensued and the funeral
v.-as held in a little church. During the
panic the Broadway Protestant Episco
pal Church caught fire and a half hour
later the Centenary Methodist Church
was on fire. Both fires were quickly ex
tinguished.
THE CALL invites you to examine
"Scribner's History of the United States"
at 1208 CLAUS SPRECKELS BUILDING.
OUT-OF-TOWN READERS can order by
mail or telegraph and sets will be sent
on approval free of expense. NOTE—
You must leave your order on or before
February 18 to save the great discount
of 40 per cent offered by THE CALL to
introduce this great book. Address
" THE CALL Scribner's History Depart-
ment, 1208 Claus Spreckels Building."
NOT OF THE MONGOLIAN RACE.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 6.— Dr. Edward A. Ross, professor
of sociology, was asked to-day to give an opinion as to
whether the Japanese could be properly considered Mon
golians. Ke said: "So far as lam able to state in ref
erence to a subject to which I give no special attention
the recent trend of ethnological opinion seems to regard
the Japanese as Malayan in origin. Location, stature,
hue, legends and mental habit forbid us to regard
them as of Mongolian stock. The Chinese seem to have
come down to the Yellow Sea from the interior of Asia.
They followed the river courses, driven by that desic
cation which as we know has in three or four thousand
years made a desert of once populous Central Asian re
gions. The Japanese on the other hand seem to have
come up from the southwest, and while partakers of
Professor E. A.
Ross.
Chinese civilization, do not seem 10 be Mongolians in
origin."
Dr. Jordan, when approached on this subject, said:
"I have not given special attention to the matter and
do not know the latest decisions of ethnologists. The
Japanese are only very remotely allied to the Chinese,
and while distantly connected with them, I think that
in strict definitions they are not Mongolians. Ir we di
vide all men as the older ethnologists used to do with
primitive races— African, Caucasian, Mongolian, Ma
layan, Australian and' American— the Japanese would
probably pass as Mongolian, but I do not know that
they are not rather Malayan. In a legal sense, a law
which prevents Mongolian citizenship can probably not
bar out the Japanese."
NEVADA WANTS
JUSTICE DONE
Public Feeling Causes an
Awakening in
Douglas.
Grand Jury Instructed to Take
Up the Sarmann Mur
der Case.
Unpunished Crime Which Slayers
of Über Regarded as a Prece
dent in Their Favor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CARSON. Feb. 6.— Judge Mack has
charged the Douglas Grand Jury to :
make an investigation of the Sarmann
murder, which has been ignored by the
grand juries of the county since its oc
currence on May 8, 1895. At that time
Mrs. William Sarmann, a woman 68 i
years old, was brutally killed in her |
house, being hacked to pieces with an |
ax. The killing was at first charged to ■
a tramp, and then suspicion fell upon
the husband, but nothing could be '
proved, as no motive could be ascribed, j
The people were supposed to be poor, ■
and the woman's husband, when exam- !
ined, swore that she had no insurance
on her life.
It has since been discovered that she
had considerable hoarded gold, and it is
claimed that he has collected a large
insurance on her life. He made state-
ments regarding the finding of the body
which, it is claimed, were false. His
statement that he first found the body
at 4 o'clock Is contradicted by witnesses
who saw him hitching a horse before
that time.
The lynchers of Über have Justified
their action by claiming that crime goes
unpunished in Douglas, and they have
all along pointed to the Sarmann mur
der as an example. The court is now
pushing the Investigation of the case
and it is rumored that other homicides
In Douglas will be called up^
WANTED FOR DEFRAUDING
A PORTERVILLE DOCTOR.
Contractor Obtains a Check for a
Thousand Dollars and Flees
After Cashing It.
VISALTA, Feb. 6.— Some time last sum
mer Alexander Farmer, a carpenter and
contractor, arrived here from Shreve
port, Louisiana. He procured several
jobs and a short time ago was given the
contract to put up a two-story brick
building in Porterville for Dr. Chapman
of that town. Over a week ago Farmer
persuaded Dr. Chapman to give him a
check on the bank for $1000. as the first
partial payment on the new building, al
though the architect had not recommend
ed such payment. Farmer cashed the
check here and took most of it in paper
monej-. Then he bought a ticket for
San Francisco and has not been seen
since. He went away without paying the
builders for their labor, or the stores for
their supplies.
As a blind to his creditors, Farmer
purchased tin roofing for the building af-*
ter he reached San Francisco, giving as
payment a check on the Porterville bank,
which was not honored. It is thought
that Farmer has either gone to Klon
dike or returned to Louisiana.
Farmer's bondsmen refuse to make good
the deficiency, because the money was
paid without the consent of the archi
tect, as specified in the contract.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBBUARY 7, 1898.
President David
Starr Jordan.
REBELS LED BY
ADAN CARDENAS
Rapid Spread of the Revo
lution in Nicar
agua.
Exiles Hastening Homeward
to Assist in Unseating
Zelaya.
Conservatives Effect a Fusion With
the Disgruntled Faction of
the Liberals.
Copyrighted 189S by James Gordon Bennett.
SAN JUAN DEL SUR, Nicaragua,
Feb. 6. — Nicaragua's latest revolution
is one of Conservatives against Lib
erals. The movement has spread rap
idly, and in Rluas, on Lake Nicaragua,
there is a belief that there will soon
be fighting there. San Juan del Sur is
now held by the rebels.
Dr. Adam Cardenas, who was presi
dent of Nicaragua in 1884, is at the head
of the present movement. He has pre
pared a proclamation to conservatives,
and those conservatives who have been
in exile since their failure In Septem
ber are arriving from Costa Rica in
large numbers. In the meantime, I
have received advices from Riuas to the
effect that President Zelaya is rushing
troops to San Juan del Sur and to the
Costa Rica border. This last move Is
to check exiles, who are returning to
Nicaragua.
Every available fighting man In this
district is being pressed into service by
the Government, and strong garrisons
of regulars and recruits are being placed
in all cities. Wires have been cut in all
directions by the revolutionists, and
communication between cities is very
difficult. Patrols have been established
in the principal roads, in order to pre
vent communication.
PANAMA, Feb. 6.— 1 have seen a let
ter dated San Jose, a week ago-, stat
ing that there would soon be a revo
lution in Nicaragua, and asserting that
Costa Rica is backing the movement.
Nicaraguan exiles in this city are jubi
lant at the outbreak, and predict that
President Zelaya, although successful
in crushing, in his four years of office,
many revolutions, will have to fall now!
This movement is the result of a fusion
of the Conservative party with the dis
sident Liberal wing. I learned from
the revolutionary junta here that Dr.
Adan Cardenas,, who was president of
Nicaragua from 1883 to 1887, is at the
head of a band which Invaded San Juan
del Sur from the Costa Rican frontier.
The junta refuses at present to disclose
its plans, but says the rebels are well
supplied with arms and money. Mem
bers of the junta will probably leave
here for Salvador on February 10.
Events continue favorable to the cause
of the rebels. A large number of Nica
raguan exiles in Salvador are ready to
Join the revolution. Honduras, in re
turn for Nicaragua's aid in putting
down the Puerto Cortez rising, headed
by Enrique Srrto recently, will support
President Zelaya, but is not expected to
receive any comfort from Salvador
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Other than
to take measures to protect the Nica
raguan Canal Commission from injury,
the administration will not' interfere in
any way in the revolution in Nica
ragua. The gunboat Newport, which
conveyed the commission to Greytown
is still at that port, and the cruiser
Alert is at San Juan del Sur, making a
survey of Brito harbor. If necessary
for the protection of members of the
commission, the commanding officers of
these gunboats will probably land ma
rines, Just as is done in cases where
American property interests are en
dangered. The authorities desire that
the commission shall complete its work
as rapidly as possible, and If a request
for protection should come from Rear
Admiral Walker they will undoubtedly
direct the landing of forces by both the
Newport and Alert.
Visited by Racetrack Magnates.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 6.— G. Walbaum.
the owner of the famous Guttenburg
racetrack, and also the track at Sara
toga, N. V., is in the city and to-day, in
company with President Thomas Will
lams of the California Jockey Club, visit
ed Agricultural Park, where Sunday
coursing matches are now being held.
Mr. Walbaum does not disclose the pur
pose of his visit here, except to say that
he is seeing the country, but so much has
been said recently about the inauguration
of winter racing in Los Angeles that the
visit of two such prominent horsemen
leads to the conclusion that \* *»••" some
thing to do with this sport.
THE CLERGY
OPPOSED TO
THIEVERY
Takes Up the Fight
for the People of
Los Angeles.
Rev. Mr. Bliss Strikes at
the Water Company
Ring.
Immense Crowds Hear Him
Deal With the City's
Despoilers.
MONOPOLY ORGAN SCORED
Takes the Express to Task for De
claring That SO Cents a Day
Is a Fair Wage.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 6.— The church
people of this community, under the
leadership and direction of Rev. Wl D.
P. Bliss, the Episcopal divine, who is
propagating and advancing the dor
trine of Christian socialism, are be
coming enlisted in the water fight, and
aligning themselves with these who are
endeavoring to bring about municipal
control of the distributing plant. This
fact has been recognized by the water
company press of this city, for it has
utterly failed to give the lectures of
Rev. Mr. Bliss, held in various churches
in this city, any attention or notice.
Nevertheless, the crowds that gather to
hear Mr. Bliss have increased, until this
afternon he addressed the largest crowd
that has yet assembled to hear him.
The Los Angeles Theater was packed
from pit to dome. There was not even
standing room left. Upon the platform
were representatives ot an churches —
Jewish, Catholic and Protestant.
Among the number were Bishop George
Montgomery of the diocese of Monterey
and Los Angeles, Bishop Johnson of the
Episcopal Church, Rabbi Solomon of
the synagogue and numerous local pas
tors.
Every reference Rev. Mr. Bliss made
to the water question, in which he sup
ported the stand taken in behalf of the
people, was enthusiastically applauded.
One member of the syndicated water
company press— the Evening Express —
also received attention at the hands of
Mr. Bliss. Some time ago the Express
had a difficulty with the newsboys,
upon whom it endeavored to force a
i purchase price of 3 cents a copy for the
t paper. To people who called at its
office to purchase the sheet, the Ex
1 press charged only 2 cents a copy. The
newsboys formed a union, and refused
to sell the paper as long as they were
unjustly discriminated against. For
eleven days no copies were sold. In
the meantime, the Express advertised
i in all the syndicated dailies for men to
sell the paper for two hours and a half
each evening, they to receive 50 cents
for their service, no matter how many
• papers they sold. Only two men came
around, and when they heard what was
desired of them Jthey refused to accept
i employment. Then the Express came
out. and editorially stated that the
men in Los Angeles out of work were a
lazy lot and deserving of no considera
: tion. It said that it had offered men 50
cents a day for work, and that it could
engage no men. The editorial added
| that 50 cents a day was all a man
j needed to live on, and argued that there
i must be no men out of employment.
Rev. Mr. Bliss in his lecture referred
I to these facts and said that he was
grieved and surprised to know that
1 there was such a daily newspaper as
: the Express in this community— a paper
that actually argued that 50 cents a day
j was enough for a laboring man, for the
j reason that it was all that he required
to gain him enough to keep body and
soul together. Mr. Bliss went on to
i condemn the proposition advanced by
many that as long as the workingman
\ received enough to procure for him and
his family a bare livelihood, he should
;be satisfied. The lecturer's remarks
with regard to the Express called forth
vigorous applause.
In the City Council to-morrow Coun
cilman Hutchison will again introduce
I the resolution he Introduced at the last
! meeting to give legal notification to. the
I water company that the city will expect
it to make no further improvements to
the municipal plant from now on to the
| expiration of the lease, beyond those
! absolutely essential for continued oper-
I atlon of the system. The water com
pany Is making a large number of im
provements to the plant, which are not
In accord with the plans of the city's
engineering department for the new
and enlarged system when It passes un
der municipal control. It will expect
the city to pay for these Improvements,
and, in many cases, they will be of no
value.
The citizens in mass-meeting asked
the Council to take the action outlined
in Hutchison's resolution. At the last
meeting the Council arrogantly refused
to act. At the session to-morrow the
body will be given another opportunity
to show its independence of water com
pany control by complying with a re
quest of the people.
HER CORSET ACTED AS
A COAT OF MAIL
Virginia City Woman Saved From
Death at the Hands of an
Assassin.
VIRGINIA CITT. Feb. fi.— A corset un
doubtedly prevented a murder here this
evening. Ex-Street Superintendent S. C.
Douglass had trouble with a female In
mate of Brunswick Castle, a resort kept
by Gussie Mellville. He left the place,
but returned shortly. When the door
was opened by Gussie, Douglass fired two
shots, one taking effect in the groin and
the other striking the woman's corset,
near the heart. The corset was shat
tered, but the bullet made only a super
ficial wound". The shooting was done
with a forty-caliber revolver.
Douglass was arrested. Miss Mellville
will recover.
PROFESSOR DUDLEY'S ARREST.
Action Soon to Be Taken Against the
Offending Constable.
SANTA CRUZ, Feo. 6.— Professor W.
R. Dudley of Stanford University and nis
attorney. Professor Brun, arrived to-day
to take some action regarding Professor
Dudley's arrest In Santa Cruz County, he
having been mistaken for a counterfeit
er. They refuse to say what their line
of action will be, but say they will make
a move in a few days that will prevent
i similar mistakes being made.
PANDO IS
CHOSEN AS
A SCAPEGOAT
May Be Sacrificed to
Appease Officials
at Madrid.
Blanco's Tour of Cuba
Has Been a Com
plete Failure,
And So Some One Must Be
Selected as a Target of
Spanish Wrath.
SAGASTA'S LAST REPLY.
Cannot Entertain the Suggestion for
Fixing a Date for Pacifying the
Patriots.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Feb. 6.
— A special to the Times-Union
and Citizen from Key West, Fla.,
says: Ships connected with the
white squadron have displayed
remarkable activity during the
last few hours. The cruiser Mar
blehead put out from port to
day and joined the fleet. The
Nashville, which left here Thurs
day' fully supplied with coal and
ammunition, has returned to the
harbor. The torpedo-boats have
returned and the Cushing and
Ericsson are in port. The Du
pont will arrive to-morrow from
Mobile. The supply-boats during
the past week have transported
large quantities of provisions to
the fleet.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— A special cable
to the Tribune from Havana says: The
Government Is looking for a scapegoat.
If one is found the hope seems to be
that Madrid will be satisfied a while
longer, and the nresent situation may
continue. Nevertheless the prevailing
view is that explanations cannot be
made which will be satisfactory. So
much was expected from General
Blanco's contiuous trip around the Is
land and so little has come from it that
the disappointment felt cannot be con
cealed.
General Pando apparently thinks he
may be selected for the role of scape
goat. The Weylerites are watching
their chances and General Seguro has
returned to the peninsula ready to con
demn Pando's plan of military opera
tions in the eastern part of the island.
Pando's talk to his friends in the con
fidence of friendship is full of despair.
The knowledge that he may have to
serve as a scapegoat is the possible
cause of this. Instead of talking of
peace by the end of the month he talks
of the long-expected crisis before that
time.
LONDON, Feb. 7.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Standard says: Senor
Sagasta's response to the official note
presented yesterday (Saturday) by
General Woodford, the United States
Minister, complains of filibustering ex
peditions and declares that Spain can
not entertain the suggestion for fixing
a date for her completion of the paci
fication of Cuba.
SENOR GALVEZ NOW
CONFIDENT OF SUCCESS
President of the Autonomist Cabinet
Says Peace Will Come in Cuba
Through Arms and Politics.
HAVANA, Feb. 6.— Sencrr Jose Maria
Galvez, president of the autonomist
Cabinet, says there is no disagreement
among its members, nor anything in
the nature of a crisis. On the contrary,
all the ministers understand their pro
gramme and mission, which he sums
up as "to establish the new regime, to
prepare for the elections and to consti
tute a chamber of deputies."
Under no conditions, declares Senor
Galvez, is it the mission of members
of the Cabinet to address the insur
gents officially, or to negotiate for peace
unless they should have a guarantee
as to the outcome of their efforts. Nev
ertheless, the members of the Cabinet,
in their unofficial capacity, will do all
in their power to smooth the pathway,
and will contribute to all private ef
forts to bring about a favorable issue.
Senor Galvez says the Cabinet is ex
pecting favorable news from the prov
ince of Santa Clara and assurances that
General Maximo Gomez retired across
the trocha into the Camaguey district,
owing to lack of support and to "the
conflicting opinions that distract the in
surgents in Eastern Cuba," Peace will
come, he declared, by the "combined
action of arms and politics," but it is
absolutely necessary to demonstrate
the efficiency of Spanish arms at the
same time that the beneficial influ
ences of the new regime are being
made known.
The French cruiser Dubordleu ar
rived here to-day.
EXPERT WADHAM SCORED
BY EX-SECRETARY BERNARD
Trustees of the Preston School Told
That His Report Was
Grossly Unfair.
IONE, Feb. 6.— At a regular meeting of
the trustees of the Preston School of
Industry last night ex-Secretary H r R.
Bernard, whom Expert Wadham "roast
ed" In his report to the trustees some
time aco. submitted 'a written report to
the board in which he in turn "roasted"
Wadham. Bernard claims that Wad
ham's report is unfair and full of spite.
The trustees decided, after considerable
discussion, to postpone final action until
their next regular meeting.
Superintendent Hirschberg made a re
port of his trip East, and asked the trus
tees to favorably consider the idea of
building one cottage at the earliest op
portunity. The trustees decided to meet
at the Grand Hotel In San Francisco on
the 19th inst. to consider and adopt a
plan for a cottage. It was also decided
to put in a compressed air alarm system.
to be used In arousing the people of this
vicinity when boys escape. This, in con
junction with a standing reward for the
capture and return of escapes, it is ex
pected will result In the quick return of
the discontented lads.
The Gladstones at Church.
CANNES, Feb. 6.— Mr. Gladstone, ac
companied by Mrs. Gladstone, drove to
church to-day and received communion.
He was able to walk without assistance.
TRUSTEES
HAVE NOW
RETIRED
The Financiers of Dr.
Hall's Church
Resign.
The Congregation Sur
prised by the Sudden
Action.
The Sensational Announcement
Made During the Morn
ing Services.
THE OUTCOME IN DOUBT.
There Is Much Sympathy for the
Pastor, but the Factions May
Not Bo United.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— The trustees
of the Fifth - avenue Presbyterian
Church have resigned. Announcement
to that effect was made from the pul
pit by the Rev. Dr. John Hall this
morning, and the members of the con
gregation werp notified to meet at the
church Monday afternoon, February
14, and choose new trustees.
The church was crowded, and prior
to the giving out of the text of his ser
mon. Dr. Hall made the announcement.
Dr. Hall read the notice in a sad tone
of voice, but he made no comment on
the matter, though it attracted atten
tion among the pew-holders, who began
whispering to one another, but desisted
when he began his sermon.
After the morning services, Dr. Hall
held a short session with many of his
warm supporters in the congregation,
and afterward there were many con
ferences in the vestryroom and the
pastor's private room. The congrega
tion is bound to stand by Dr. Hall no
matter what may be done by the ses
sion next Thursday evening, and to
day they were giving him the warmest
assurances of their support and as
sistance. The members of the congre
gation were loth to discuss the sig
nificance of the trustees' action, but it
was admitted by Robert Bonner, J.
H. Work and many others that it was
the direct outcome of the differences of
the factions in the church.
The trustees are the financial gover
nors of the church. They are also the
financial backers of the church. They
not only represent in themselves finan
cial support, but also represent the Mc-
Cooks, the Maitlands and the Sloanes,
who are supposed to be opposed to the
continuance of Dr. Hall in the pasto
rate. The resignation of the trustees,
following close the stand taken by the
congregation last Monday night, is
expected to be followed next Thursday
by the withdrawal from the session of
many influential and wealthy mem
bers.
Robert Bonner, a warm advocate of
Dr. Hall, said to-day the resignation of
Dr. Hall had not been prompted by the
financial condition of the church. Mr.
Bonner asserted that the dissatisfac
tion with Dr. Hall by members of the
session commenced with the Warsza
wiak incident last summer. Had that
not occurred, there would never have
been, Mr. Bonner believes, the slightest
opposition to Dr. Hall. Herman Wars
zawiak had charge of one of the
churches. Charges of misconduct were
made against him, and he was found
guilty by the session and dismissed
from the church.
"Dr. Hall's sympathy was with Wars
zawiak. and he stood by him a little
too long," continued Mr. Bonner. At
the time I said that either Warszawiak
was guilty and should be dismissed
from the church, or John E. Parsons
was guilty of a great libel on him."
This incident, Mr. Bonner thought,
tended to make a breach between those
who thought Warszawiak should be
dismissed and Dr. Hall. The dramatic
incident in the Fifth-avenue Presbyte
rian Church last summer, when Dr.
Hall announced the decision of the ses
sion, in the case of Warszawiak, helped
to widen the breach so far as Dr.
Hall's position was concerned. The
congregation, however, as a whole, was
not affected by the incident, the mani
festation of sympathy by Dr. Hall only
serving to endear him the more to
them. Mr. Bonner said, however, that
prior to the Warszawiak incident and
long before the charges were preferred
against the man. Dr. Hall announced
to him that it was his intention to re
sign the pastorate of the church at the
completion of the thirty years of la
bor.
Dr. Hall made no reference In his
sermon to the affairs of the church.
Nansen Pleased With His Visit.
LONDON, Feb. 6.— Dr. Fridtjof Nansen,
the Arctic explorer, who has arrived here
from the United States, is quoted as say-
Ing In the course of an Interview that he
was greatly pleased by his visit to Amer
ica, where he met with every courtesy
and was almost killed with kindness of a
social nature; so much so. indeed, that
he was glad of the rest afforded by the
Atlantic passage.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sates over 0,000,000 Boxes
POR BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach.
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness. Drowsiness, Flushintrs
of Heat. Loss of Appetite. Costivenoss.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and ' Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'S PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure £lck Headache. Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And h»vo the
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine in the World.
25c. at all Drug Stores,
I ADVERTISEMENT^
lAT AUCTION
;-.- — at— ..
GOLDEN GATE HALL
625 SUTTER ST.,
To-Day, To-Morrow ana WeiiißSflay
Feb. 7, 8 and 9, 1898,
At 2:30 and 8 P. M. Daily,
Sarafian's
Collection !
Which Is without question
the finest ensemble of Ori-
ental Art ever exhibited in
this city.
The Collection
Comprises
Over 1000 Specimens
Of Antique and Modern
Oriental Rugs,
Carpets,
Hangings, Etc.,
* Many of which are priceless*
One Silk Rug exhibited in
Vienna in 1890 won First
Prize. WM
NOTE— Catalogues on application. Auction
sale without reserve to highest bidder. Entire
stock will be sold regardless of original cost.
Former buyers will remember Mr. H. Sara-
flan's one collection, which was sold about one
year and a half ago at 424 Pine «t, old Art
Association room.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
AUCTIONEERS.
SKAGUAY
»DYEA
The Elegant Fast Steamer
HUMBOLDT
Will Sail on or About
FEBRUARY \7tY\
For passage and freight, apply at once to
JOHN A. MAGEE JR., Agt.. 310 Clay it.
STATEmENT
OF THE -f-
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Liverpool and London and Globe
INSURANCE COMPANY,
OF Liverpool, ' England, on the 31st day of
December, A. D. 1596, and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant •<! the provisions of sections 610 and 811
of the Political Code, condensed as • per blank
furnished by the Commissioner. -
CAPITAL
I Amount of capital stock, paid up •
in cash ..;. $11,228,200 00
■ . ■ ■ ; • assets.
Real estate owned by company 5,977,781 SS
Loans on bonds and mortgages 8,229,875 08
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned •, by ; company .... 31,422,612 67
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, ' stocks and - other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.... 2.325,030 63
Cash in banks ................;...... 2,667,269 85
Interest ■< due and accrued on . all
stocks and loans ......... '409,824 60
Premiums In due course of collec-
tion ..:....................;...... 1.633.883 00
Rents due and accrued........ 4,552 04
Annuities, life and reversionary In-
terests • purchased : by, the com-
pany 2,042,713 71
Deposits and : expenses . In disputed
losses 25654
Total assets $54,713,835 02
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid, losses
• in ( process of adjustment or In.
■: suspense, losses resisted. Including
expenses ........V..*...; '..$ 643,715 00
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
' ning one year, or less, reinsurance
- GO per cent; gross -premiums on
: fire risks running, more than one
year, reinsurance pro rata 038,598 25
Amount reclaimable by the insured, . .
on ; perpetual fire insurance poli-
cies -.' ..'.......".......;.'.'. 331.213 48
Liability under life department 30,052.329 90
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 12,810 00
All other demands against the com- -
: pany ..■...................."..;..'......•- 825,907 06
Total liabilities ..............:....$36,904,593 69
;■;■;■. income.
Net cash actually received for lire
premiums .......:.. .............'..:.$ 7.764,175 94
Received for interest and dividends
:-. on bonds, ; stocks, loans and from
all other sources 964,844 68
Total income .J /. $8,723.020 52 ,
EXPENDITURES. ■ -
Net amount paid for fire losses $ 4,199,850 48
Dividends to 5t0ckh01der5............. 1.253.829 00
Paid or allowed for commission or '
brokerage ....... ................. 1,195,302 54
Paid : for v salaries, : fees 'and other . •
- charges for > officers, : clerks, etc. . 623.36S II
Paid for State, ■ national ' and local
taxes .:..:..:.;................-....... 169.635 08
All other payments and expendi-
tures : C 05.561 75
Total , expenditures . . . ._ $ 8,077,846 97
Fire losses incurred during the year 4,199,850 46
RISKS AND PREMIUMS. '
■ IFire Risks.! Premium's.
Net ' amount ■ of . risks
written during : the ■ '•"'
'.■.■ year ■r.T/.r.r.r.-.i'.. ■.-.-.-. $2,252,519,955 ! $10,973,954 OS
Net . amount ._ of risks v, :
- expired during .the
year ..;........... 2,247,943,823 11,431.739 44
Net amount in force! - ■
December 31, 1596... I 2.045.534,835 } 9.906,579 85
- . • JOHN M. DOVE. General Manager.
. • T. I. ALSOP. Sub-Manager. ",, * ■
' Subscribed and ■ sworn to before me this 14tl»
day of April. = 1897. ~ W. J. SULIB.
.-. ' United States : Vice-Consul at ■ Liverpool.
CHARLES D. HAVEN,
, ' '- RESIDENT SECRETARY, i
Pacific Department, No. 422 California St., i. f.
34
MONDAY : FEBRUARY 7, '¥
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Mar-Ret and Third St», S. F-
Telephone Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS .217 to 221 Stevenson street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY! Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding town*
for 15 cents a wee<. By mail $6 per year, per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by roali. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 903 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Build mi
WASHINGTON (D. C. OFFICE Ri££« Houso
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES—S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay
open until 9:30 o'clock- 339 Hoycs street: open until
9:30 o'clocK- 621 MoAlllster street: open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street; open until 9:30 o'clocK
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open until
£ o'clocK- 2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clo=K
IC6 Eleventh St.: open until 9 o'clocK. '505 PolK strae:
cpen until 9:30 o'clocK- NW. corner Twenty-second
end KentucKy streets; open until 9 o'clocK-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "Girl from Paris."
California Theater— Blacs Paul's Troubadours.
Alcsiar— "Charley's Aunt "
Morosco'R— •'The Unknown."
Tivoll— "The Pearl or Pekin."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Tlvoll— Concert Thursday afternoon.
Bush— Thalia German-Hebrew Opera Co.
Oiympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
The Chutes— Chlquita and Vauceville.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Mining Fair and Klondike Exposition,
Lybeck Cycle Skating- Rink— Optical Illusions.
ralllornia Jockey Club. Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Easton & Eldridffe— This day, February 7, Turkish Rugs,
at 625 Sutter street at 2:30 and 8 r. m.
By Frank W. ButterflelS— This day. February 7, Turkish
Rugs, at llti butter street, at 11 a. m. and 'i and 8 P. M.
OUR POCKET FULL OF GOLD
THE feature of trade at the moment is decidedly
novel. We have suddenly blossomed out as
money lenders to Europe. Continental bankers
ha\e entered the United States for funds, and it is
estimated that New York, Boston and Chicago banks
have thus loaned out, chiefly on German account,
something like $80,000,000 or $00,000,000 at from 4
per cent to 4l4 l / 2 per cent, as far as the rate of interest
is known. The American banks are more than will
ing to encourage these foreign loans, as they prevent
a glut of gold which has lately threatened this coun
try. And it was only a little over a year ago that the
party headed by Mr. Bryan was frantically proclaim
ing all over the land that the free coinage of silver
was necessary because gold was getting so scarce and
high that it would soon disappear altogether from
circulation and that everybody and everything in the
country was going to perdition as fast as its palsied
legs could carry it. And to-day we are only too glad
to loan $90,000,000 in solid gold coin to Europe to
keep our plethoric supply of gold down to a manage
able point. Comment is unnecessary.
Of course a country which is loaning money can
not be otherwise than prosperous, and the usual fig
ures exhibit this prosperity in letters of red. The
bank clearings in January were the largest ever
known for that month, and the railroad earnings beat
all previous records. And, as if this were not suffi
cient, we are informed by the mercantile agencies,
which keep the statistics, that the failures in that
month were the fewest of any similar month of which
there is record. There is no section of the United
States to-day which cannot get all the money it wants
to carry on legitimate business and at rates of inter
est which are certainly reasonable, as rates go in this
country.
The distributive trade of the country was never
better. The recent cold snap in the East has checked
it in some places and stimulated it in others, so the
average remains undisturbed. The bank clearings
last week showed a gain of 40.6 per cent over the
same week last year, and the failures were 295,
aginst 305 in 1897 and 333 in 1896. The principal
lines of manufacture exhibit no particular change
from the preceding week. Iron and woolen products
continue active, and the improvement in cotton, al
ready noted, holds its own. The exports of cereals
from the Atlantic ports, though showing a falling
off for the week, were still far ahead or the same week
In previous years. And thus it goes on all along the
line, a noticeable feature at the moment being the
active demand for new railroad c#rs.
Pacific Coast trade is without especial features, if
we except the uncertainty caused by the light rain
fall, which keeps everything in the farming line on
the ragged edge. The light showers which happen
along every day or two keep the coast sufficiently
moist, but the great interior valleys are dry and
need several inches of rain to put them into good
shape. Of course as long as this uncertainty con
tinues business will be unsettled. As it is, wheat is
fast becoming a local rather than a general proposi
tion, barley is weak one day and firm the next, oats
and corn partake of the general doubtfulness, con
sumers of hay do not know where they are and buy
only from hand to mouth, and so on down through
almost the whole list of farm produce. The bean
corner rises superior to all weather conditions, how
ever, and the cornerers advance prices every day or
so. All meats share the common doubt, and the
average stock man is at a loss to know whether his
market is weak or firm, though prices hardened at
the close of the week. Provisions are livelier than
ever before known, and several descriptions have
gone up again. Hides have also advanced, and re
ports from the East say that the scarcity there is be
coming serious and that the whole country is being
dragged with a fine-toothed comb for hides. This.
of course, affects leather, which is stiff, and the
price of boots and shoes has recently gone up.
Dried fruits are still dull, and in fact there is no
business whatever. Sugar is unsettled, coal is scarce
and high, and rice has been going up of late, but
otherwise there arc no important fluctuations in mer
chandise to report. Local merchants report a good
demand for Alaskan account, and there is some dis
cussion as to. whether we are getting our full share
of this business or not. It depend? largely on the
line. That we are doing a good trade in something
ot other is evident, for the local bank clearings show
a steady gain week after week with cheerful monot
ony, and if anybody is complaining of dull times his
voice is so faint that nobody hears it.
There may be some satisfaction in attaching Dun
ham's estate, but it is far less than would be in
volved in attaching a rope to the gentleman him
self.
Clark of Napa, in his intention of pleading "not
guilty." seems likely to raise a question of veracity
with himself.
SWINDLING IN WAR SUPPLIES.
THE discovery that fully 50 per cent of the
shrapnel furnished the artillery at the Presidio
for the new field guns is defective is by no
means a pleasant thing for the American people to
face. It casts suspicion upon all other classes of mil
itary material and raises a fear that corruption may
have seriously impaired the efficiency of our small
army by providing it with equipments that would
prove worthless if war should come.
The affair is the more exasperating because of the
recent frauds in armor plate supplied to the new ships
of the navy. One swindle of this kind following an
other so rapidly naturally gives rise to a belief that
there may be other swindles going on which have
not yet been exposed. Since armor plate full of blow
holes can pass the supervision of naval inspectors,
and a lot of shrapnel of which 50 per cent is defective
can pass the inspection of army officers, it is clear we
cannot be sure of anything until it has been tried.
Of all forms of swindling that which is carried on
in military and naval supplies is the most danger
ous, the most pernicious and the most extensive in
the scope of its possible disastrous effects. It is, in
fact, a species of treason to the nation since it weak
ens the means on which the nation relies to defend
itself from any foes that may attack it.
In the war with Germany France furnished the
world an awful illustration of the direful results to
a whole people of dishonesty on the part of military
contractors. The armies of France arrived on the
scene of battle against a terrible foe to find their
arms inefficient, their ammunition largely worth
less, their equipments of all kinds poor in material
and badly made. They marched to slaughter rather
than to war. Thousands of brave men were sacri
ficed because the Government of Louis Napoleon
permitted dishonest contractors to grow rich by fur
nishing the army worthless supplies.
The United States is in no danger of war. The
worthless shrapnel rfow in our military stores will
not lose us a battle nor cost us the life of a single
soldier. Nevertheless the men who furnished such
ammunition ought to be punished so severely that
the offense will not be soon repeated. That there is
no danger of immediate war is no proof there will
never be one, and in order to make sure that our
contractors will furnish good material in times of
war it will be well to get them in the habit of doing
so in times of peace.
If there is at present no speedy way of bringing to
punishment the parties guilty of the fraud now ex
posed Congress should provide one for dealing with
such offenders in the future. The swindler in war
supplies is something worse than the ordinary dis
honest manufacturer who sells worthless goods to the
general community. He imperils the lives of brave
men, he endangers the defense of all, and on his
guilty head retribution should come with military
sternness, swiftness and severity.
AMERICAN SHIPPING INTERESTS
O MONG the measures the people have a right
/ A to expect of this session of Congress is an act
to promote the shipping interests of the
country, and to give to American industry on the
ocean the same protection that is given on land.
There is apparently no great difficulty in the way
of providing the desired legislation. The Republican
party is not divided on that issue as it is on the
money question. A majority in the Senate favors it
as well as a majority in the House. It is even prob
able that several Democrats from the seacoast States
would support it. Every prospect of the situation is
therefore favorable for the enactment of a compre
hensive measure of the kind, and there will be a
widespread popular disappointment if the session
closes without one.
There can be no question that next after the settle
ment of the currency the protection of American
shipping is the most important work to be done by
Congress. The currency issue cannot be settled now.
All that can be done is for the House to pass a bill
drawn on the lines recommended by Secretary Gage
and send it to the Senate, so that its rejection by that
body may make up a definite money issue to be sub
mitted to the people. There is no occasion for a
long debate on the subject. It could be speedily got
out of the way and time left for the consideration of
the desired shipping bill.
Our manufacturing as well as our farming industry
has reached a point where foreign commerce is ne
cessary to its maintenance. Our shipments abroad
last year were the greatest in the history of the re
public, and they will probably be greater this year
than last. The commerce of the nation is growing,
but the growth under present conditions is for the
benefit of foreign ship-owners. The highly subsi
dized steamship lines of Great Britain, Germany and
France carry our products across the seas and we
pay the freight.
In the aggregate the amount of tribute paid by the
United States to foreign countries for ocean ship
ping is enormous. According to the estimates of
experts on the subject we are at present paying at
the rate of $300,000,000 a year for such transportation.
As our exports increase the freight will increase, and
a large proportion of the profits of our expanding
industries will thus be carried to foreign lands de
spite the protection given to them by the tariff.
The issue is one on which the boards of trade and
chambers of commerce throughout the country
should act. Petitions should be sent to Congress
urging the enactment of such legislation at this ses
sion. American ships, manned by American sailors
and flying the American flag, should carry American
goods to the nations of the world. It is folly to pay
to foreigners an enormous tribute when by develop
ing our shipping industry as we have developed other
industries we can save the money for the enrich
ment of our own people and the increase of the com
mercial prestige of our nation.
A murderer under sentence of death in Kansas,
after escaping, surrendered himself to the Sheriff.
At first glance the act may seem brave, but in Kan
sas the death sentence is a solemn judicial bluff, no
body being hanged there, and jail life is rather to the
taste of some people who do not want to earn a
living.
It is not surprising that Senators should debate the
Hawaiian question at great length. There is nothing
to limit them. Opponents of annexation have .a vast
array of facts, and advocates of it are absolutely un
hampered by facts.
A woman once notorious here for having shot a
man has had a teamster arrested for cruelty to ani
mals. It is woman's right, however, not only to mur
der occasionally, but to be inconsistent whenever she
feels like it.
Garbage-men who insist upon dumping refuse
where it is a menace to health should be dumped in
jail for a season.
In the conduct of its relations with Los Angeles
the water company seems to have thought of almost
every plan excepting that of being honest.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1898.
fs^A EMBERS of the present Grand Jury are by
/ \ no means to be classed among the unem
ployed. They are not compelled to go about
seeking for something to do. Almost every day
sees a new job demanding their energies. They have
only to perform the work which has been presented
to them in order to accomplish results that will well
nigh break the record of Grand Jury work in the his
tory of the county.
Official scandals are about as thick in San Fran
cisco at this time as wild geese in the tules. In the
affairs of the School Board, the pound and the issue
of permits for boxing contests there have been made
direct charges of bribery with a good deal of circum
stantial evidence to support them. Then there are
rumors of corruption in connection with the long
delay in providing fenders for the street cars, and
evidences of violated law in the disclosures now
being made in regard to certain contracts by the
Harbor Commission.
With so much game in the wind the Grand Jury
can hardly miss if it fires anywhere above the ground.
In fact, even if it should deliberately shoot into the
ground it would probably hit something that has run
to earth and is hunting a hole. All that seems to be
required of the jury is honesty of purpose and vigor
of action. If out of all these scandals now exposed
it does not find some indictments that will stick it
will be either very careless in its work or badly out
of luck.
It is hardly necessary to remind <he members of
the jury that the people just now are in no mood to
overlook official offenses or to condone the wrongs
of guilty parties. The vigor of the protest against de
lay in the equipment of street cars with safety ap
pliances is a proof of the increased earnestness of the
public spirit of the people. Popular sentiment has
reached the point of determined resolution, and the
demand of the time is for thorough investigation of
all charges against officials and a vigorous prosecu
tion of those who are guilty.
Although The Call, in pursuance of the work it
is now doing for good government throughout the
State, was the first to publish the charges of official
misconduct in connection with the management of the
pound and the issue of prize fight permits; first to ex
pose the scandals involved in the delay in equipping
the street cars with fenders, and in the conduct of the
Harbor Commission, it does not at this time pro
nounce judgment as to the guilt or innocence of any
of the accused. All the parties attacked are entitled
to a hearing, and The Call has freely granted space
to whatever they desired to say in their defense. It
is clear, however, that many of the charges can be
rightly investigated only by examination and cross
examination in open court. It is, therefore, the duty
of the Grand Jury to see to it that the accused par
ties come into court.
This is a good time to undertake the task of poli
tical reform. It is an election year, and the vigorous
prosecution of suspected officials, followed by the
conviction and punishment of the guilty, would have
a most beneficial effect in determining the sort of
men who would be elected next fall.
DISPATCHES from Berlin announce that the
Agrarians of Germany are not only urging
upon the Government a rigid exclusion of
American farm products from the empire, but have
recently addressed a petition to the imperial Chan
cellor requesting that no commercial treaty be ar
ranged with the United States unless our tariff on
German sugar is reduced 20 per cent from the present
rate and assurances given that no other country will
be more favorably treated.
If these representations have weight with the Ger
man Government California in the matter of com
mercial relations with that country will be between
two fires. If we ask free admission to the German
markets for our fruits we will be asked in return to
grant free admission to German sugar. In one or the
other of these industries we will have to suffer if we
negotiate on the German basis, and some such basis
may be accepted unless we are vigilant in guarding
against it. There is abundant opportunity for trade
between the people of the United States and Ger
many on a basis of reciprocity that would not sac
rifice either our fruit or the sugar industry, and such
arrangement would probably be acceptable to the
great mass of the German people despite the clamors
of the Agrarians.
Another danger to California in reciprocity treaty
making is disclosed in the report from Washington
that the Canadian Government is making earnest ef
forts to obtain a reduction in the duties now imposed
on lumber imports. Under the Wilson tariff the
Canadians did an enormous trade in lumber with the
United States, and our lumber industry was almost
ruined. It is natural they should be loth to lose so
valuable a market for the product of their forests,
and they are now trying to arrange some means of
recovering it.
The lumber industry is none too highly protected
at present, and the Canadian competition is that
which is most disastrous to it. We could afford to
grant concessions to the Canadians on almost any
thing rather than on lumber, and it is perhaps just
for that reason the Canadians insist on that article.
It is also certain they will have a strong support in
the East to help them obtain it. Large areas of Cana
dian forests are owned by American capitalists who
would be glad to have the double advantage of cheap
labor in Canada and high prices in the United
States.
California is not opposed to the principle of re
ciprocity, nor to the practice of it as carried out by
Secretary Blame in arranging treaties with South
American countries. By those treaties we gained
markets for our products by admitting tropical prod
ucts that did not compete with home industry. From
that policy the treaties to be arranged under the new
tariff should not widely differ. We freely consent
to support a system of protection which amply
guards the welfare of the manufacturers of the East,
and have a right to expect of them an equally willing
support of the protection needed by the fruit, the
sugar and the lumber of the Pacific Coast.
Much amusement has been caused by the Exam
iner's frantic efforts to excite a belief that it has some
credit due in the Belew matter. Simply because it
was beaten is no excuse for resolving itself into a
spectacular farce. Modesty and small type is what
good taste would suggest for it just now.
The Illinois lad who, because he is a Christian
scientist, refuses to study physiology is exciting con
siderable interest. Every new, particular kind of a
chump naturally does.
The citizens of a Georgia town have boycotted the
postmaster because he is dark-skinned. The matter
cannot be very serious. Such citizens, for the most
part, probably do not know how to read.
If Deiany believes he is honest there are many peo
ple convinced that he is cherishing a delusion.
GRAND JURY WORK
RECIPROCITY TREATIES.
INDIVIDUAL THOUGHTS
BY A MODEST CRITIC.
The most important contribution to
contemporary diplomatic history in
English within fifty years is "An Eng
lishman in Paris." Its intelligent au
thor appears regularly in the Illustrat
ed News in a column under the cap
tion, "Anecdotal Europe." He recently
voiced his opinion of the German Em
peror in a manner that makes gladden
ing reading. Throwing to the winds
the English criticisms of the young
monarch, he writes in respectful vein
of the love of, and the capability for,
work which the Kaiser displays, and
of his kindness as father and husband.
That is writing with reason and with
out bias. Those who cavil at monarchs
(and we all do that on occasion) are
rarely built of such stern stuff as is this
young German. At an age when few
appreciate what a mind is, he was
compelled to face a situation that made
even "Bismarck the Great" feel un
easy, and, despite the kaleidoscopic
changes in what foreign correspondents
call "the European situation," the first
sign of quail has not been seen in him.
That the continued peace of Europe
is greatly due to his level head (the
English "William the Sudden" to the
contrary notwithstanding) is true, and
the courage of the writer of "Anecdotal
Europe" in speaking truthfully of this
crowned head when "all the world and
his wife" were employed abusing Wit
helm is additional verification of a sin
cerity as a critic that is highly valued
by those who are able to take an in
telligent interest in foreign affairs.
The Chronicle's strategic expert has
given the Chronicle-reading public a
trifle more of his "condensed igno
rance." This is from his "gifted pen":
(He is talking of making Pearl River
Harbor impregnable.) "The problem of
torpedo defense is a very simple one."
By my troth it is! In two words, it is
no defense. What these people who
write about "submarine mines" and
torpedoes know about them could, with
out inconvenience to the animal, be
stored in the brain of a frog. A tor
pedo explodes only when its "nose" (or
business end, so that the reader may
comprehend) is brought into violent
contact with some other object. A tor
pedo will not explode when the impact
is slight. From this it is apparent that
the dreamers who talk in their sleep
of the possibility of sending a fleet of
ships "to the bottom" by anchored tor
pedoes at the entrance of a harbor know
nothing whatever of marine warfare.
The idea of an attacking fleet .steam
ing into a harbor at full speed is chi
merical to a degree.
Were 500 torpedoes stretched across
the bar of this harbor it is within the
range of possibility that one ship out
of a hostile fleet of a dozen attempt
ing entrance might be injured— and
possibly sunk, but even that is un
likely. Torpedoes do not float "right
side up with care," no matter how
placed and no matter how ballasted,
and until we find a method of ruling
the waves we shall be unable to make
them. To talk of firing these engines
of destruction by electricity from the
shore is absurd, too. Any one having
the slightest knowledge of triangulation
is aware that no particular hundred
square feet of sea space can be accu
rately charted from a position a mile
away, no matter whether in sight of
land or out. A torpedo exploded a
hundred feet from its object if in the
water is not <a matter for very serious
alarm on the part of the object. A
torpedo fired from a vessel at a vessel
is, of course, a very different matter.
If discharged with intelligence it will
usually mean destruction.
All this is reminiscent of a somewhat
amusing incident. A party of astrono
mers were going to Southern Africa to
observe, I think, an opposition of Mars.
As is not unusual, time began to hang
a trifle heavily after a week or two of
endless seascape, and wits were
searching for anything that might re
lieve the monotony. The position of the
ship at noon on each day was con
spicuously placarded, but the com
mander (like the Chronicle's mariner)
had not learned that no greater ac
curacy than a quarter of a mile — on
one side or the other of the truth —
can be assured by solar or stellar ob
servations at sea, a never «rrlng time
keeper being thrown into the bargain.
Nevertheless the captain, with an en
ergy that might have been expended
on a more useful cause, "worked out"
to a few square feet each day what he
supposed to be an accurate statement
of where he "was at." The abilities he
supposed he had as a navigator, too,
were given audible utterance with
frequency. One day one of the party,
on humor bent, looking at the placard,
said, ."Captain, may I ask you what
that means?"
With no small show of asperity came
the reply: "It is the position my ship
was in at apparent noon on this day."
"Yes, I understand that," was the re
tort courteous, "but will you kindly tell
me as to what part of the ship it re
fers? Is it the funnel?"
Who is there that has sworn there is
nothing new under the sun? Listen to
this from The Examiner: "The pos
session of Hawaii would require some
thing of a navy in order to keep open
the communications in case of war;
but on the other hand, Hawaii would
protect the navy even more than the
navy could protect Hawaii." Truly
that is an eye-opener! The land pro
tects the sea force! Men have been
landed on the soil of a hostile nation
under cover of fire from ships, but the
idea of land defense coming to the aid
of a navy is so deliciously novel that
It charms by its utter folly. Fertile
imagination of that sort 1b surely due
increased pay, and it is suggested.
The only practical defense against a
navy is a navy. That lesson should be
taught The Examiner's naval expert
before he is permitted to venture on
further lore marine. To proceed with
the editorial from which I have quoted:
"It would of course be necessary to
fortify the ports of the Islands to such
an extent that they could protect them
selves and such of our ships as we sent
thither." This is disposing of the na
tion's funds with a hand that is gay
and free indeed. The most elementary
knowledge of the cost of fortresses
properly equipped teaches one that
Pearl River harbor and Honolulu can
not be protected at a less expense than
a cool hundred millions of dollars. I
believe it would take twice that If it
were to be done effectively. In any
event, if we attempt this folly in any
way, as pointed out before, an increase
in the standing army is unavoidable.
In last Monday's issue of this paper,
in this column, this appeared, "Guns
(expect in the mind of the Bulletin's
artillerist) are not loaded, aimed,
fired and sponged automatically. Pos
sibly it is in his mind (?) that we shall
keep the (necessary) garrison (of the
Hawaiian Islands) at home till war
breaks out, and then dispatch it, to be
sent to another world on its way to
our land of coolies and coal." What
follows is a morceau from the Chroni
cle's strategic attache, appearing, as it
did, on the same day "In the event of
war we would be able to rush enough
troops to the islands to hold them
against any foe. * • * For us to use
transports for this purpose (what else
in the name of Caesar can we use "for
this purpose"?) would be safe, for,
having a strongly defended' harbor as
a refuge, they would be assured of
safety at the end of the run from the
Pacific Coast." To be able to assure a
vessel carrying troops safety at "the
end of a run" is not, it is pointed out,
what is desired most. The safety en
route is what is vital.
It is an unpleasing duty to write of
the fenderless cars— to point to truth
about the death of the little Johnson
child. There are some things in the
world though, that are more worth
striving after than popularity as a
writer; one of them is a reputation for
honesty. The Examiner, wading in the
blood of this poor infant in order that
it may pose the more effectually — that
it may "play to the gallery" more suc
cessfully, willingly diverts its atten
tion from the carelessness of the
mother who permitted her offspring to
wander unprotected where, she must
have known, drath was possible at any
moment. To invite notice of this fact
in its columns would spoil the poser's
sensation, and sensation it will have
even though it be compelled to get it
through a baby's corpse. If I have any
ability as a mind-reader, the mother's
grief to-day is most acute becaure of
the reckless way in which she allowed
her little one to play, and it probably
does not exceed that of the unfortunate
motorman who was the unwilling puni
tive agent in this regrettable instance of
imprudence. The Examiner's nosition
in this incident is that it distorts facts
in order to earn nickels by appealing to
the weak-minded of the newspaper
reading world. Decency it wots not of.
Why the various street railroads
should be compelled to pay bribes to
Supervisors for placing of fenders and
brakes on cars possibly the Examiner
knows. Given an opportunity, in se
cret session, there are some people who
will remark that they ought to have "a
little something." Mr. Hearst has al
ready had "a little something" from
Huntington, but evidently it is not
enough. If it is neglect and criminal
fault on the part of the Market-street
Railway Company to be running fen
derless cars there are other corpora
tions equaliv to blame. Does the poser
attack them? If not why not? He
knows there is no chance of being
placed on their pay-roll probably, at
any rate all the indications point that
way. Its hypocrisy in swearing to a
warrant for the arrest of a man thou
sands of miles away, when the general
manager of the company is here and
much in the flesh, has been abundantly
shown in the local and editorial col-
umns. The shamelessness that will
use a child's death for advertisln ur
poses Is contemned by each upright in
dividual — each one of clean heart, even
though the acorn bring additional pain
to a misfortunate and a robbed moth
er's throbbing heart.
Mrs. Rix who is yclept Alice, some
time ago succeeded to the delicate po
sition in yellow journalism erstwhile
held by "Annie Laurie." She has re
cently informed a few people through
the "Examiner that she might have
been wondrously humane or something
else, if she had not "gone in for let
ters." When Mrs. Rix went in for let
ters problemetical, but if Providence
has permitted her to emerge she has
evidently come out empty - handed.
Literature and the writing of sensation
are not allied; they are in no way
alike; they have naught in common.
There was a time when Mrs. Rix
"touched with her finger tips the ivory
gates and golden" of good sane writ
ing, but never for the sensationalist do
the hinges of the gates of thought
turn. When he or she approaches, the
portal is found securely locked and the
key is at the bottom of the ocean of
Impossible Recovery. If this journal
ist will cease writing sensation, and
seriously attempt the reformation of a
brain once capable, that sea may yet
give up the sesame that is precious be
yond all price. The ambition is worthy
in any event; an ambition to excel as
a sensationalist is distinctly degrad
ing. ___________ —
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
George Peck, a large manufact
Cincinnati, is at the Occidental.
Rev. H. M. Baker, the eloquent Los
Angeles divine, is a guest at the Grand.
W. E. Duncan Sr., a wealthy mining
man of Oroville, has registered at the
Lick.
O. W. Meyesenberg, one of the most
prominent merchants of New York, is at
the Palace.
Attorney Frank H. Short, one of the
big legal lights of Fresno, is at the Pal
ace for a few days.
John Hill and J. B. O'Meara, two well
known, wealthy and popular business
men of St. Louis, are at the Palace.
H. M. Laßue, the Railroad Commis
sioner, has come down from his home In
Sacramento and 1b at the Occidental.
J. W. Mahon and Alvin Fay, two
large ranch owners of Bakersfleld. are in
the city on a vacation, and are staying
at the Baldwin.
When Reuben
Green of Siski
you registered at
a prominent ho
tel one day dur
ing Jubilee week
he brought with
him an umbrella
A CASE OF
MISINTER
PRETATION.
which had been presented to him at
Christmas by his devoted wife. She ex
pressly enjoined him not to lose It while
he was away from home, and he prom
ised to be very careful. No such um
brella had ever been seen in Slsklyou nor
for that matter in any other locality, it
being a gorgeous creation in brilliant
green, like its owner.
He was extremely solicitous for the
welfare of that umbrella until he left the
ferry at the foot of Market street, but
after the hotel runners had surrounded
him and well nigh driven him to distrac
tion Reuben was so rattled that by the
time he had reached his hotel he did not
know whether he was afoot or on horse
back. So when he started to write his
name on the re&ißter he stood the um
brella up alongside of him, for the mo
ment forgetting all about it and the ad
vice of his wife. That moment was
fatal, for while he was busily engaged in
putting down his signature some vandal
who probably had been irresistibly at
tracted by its dazzling splendor purloined
it from the unsuspecting Reuben and in
continently fled. When Reuben at last
turned around and found his wife's gift
had taken wings his indignation knew no
bounds, and he raised a great hue and
cry, but no trace of the thief or his ill
gotten property could be found.
Leaving the hotel to report his loss to
the police he thought he would walk out
Market street and keep an eye on all um
brellas in the hope that he might see his
own. He was feeling very disconsolate
over his loss when on looking into the
show window of an umbrella store his
face suddenly lit up with joy at a sign
displayed therein. Going into the store
he grasped the hand of the first attend
ant who came forward to minister to his
wants, at the same time saying: "Gosh
darn it, I'm mighty glad I ran across yer.
I want yer to find my umbrella that some
sneaking robber stole from me, and I
want yer to find it quick, too, because
I'm going back to Siskiyou to-morrow,
and my wife Mariar will half kill me if 1
come back without it."
The surprised attendant replied: "Why,
my good man, we do not find umbrella*
here; we only sell them."
"You don't find umbrellas here?" said
Uncle Reuben. "Well, what do you mean
by that sign that you have in the win.
dow, 'Umbrellas re-covered?' '
L. R. Vance, a well-known politician
of Vallejo, is registered at the Occiden
tal.
Charles C. Wren, a mining man and
politician of Grass Valley, is at the Grand
spending his vacation.
J. W. Watkln, a clever journalist of Ma
dera, is in the city on a visit of pleasure.
He is stopping at the Lick.
E. D. Lamrae, one of the foremost law
yers of Los Angeles, has come up to
the city on a short business trip. He i 3 at
the Palace.
"You may talK
about your
snake doctors,
your bug doc
tors or your pill%
doctors," said
an old traveler
of the arctic
FAITH CURE
EXTRAORDINARY.
seas in theofficeof the California the otner
day, "but from the patent medicine faker
to the medicinal Biole pounder, who pro
fesses to cure by means of power re
ceived from on high, there is not one of
them in it with the Siberian Shaman
■when it comes to making faith take the
place of flaxseed.
"I remember an occurrence which toort
place some ten or twelve years ago when
I was on a Government vessel lylne in
the harbor of St. Lawrence on the
coast of Siberia. We had been there
several days, and the natives had flocked
off to us in their skin omiaks by the
hundred to trade and beg, bringing with
them in some cases their whole families
who, after once getting on board, sim
ply camped on the deck day and nignt,
taking in with their curious gaze every
thing that was going on and rustling con
tinually for stray bits of hard bread, sait
pork and other fo'castle delicacies."
"I was sitting in the wheel house ona
morning, when my attention was attract
ed by a terriilc pow wow in progress on
the quarter decK. Hurrying down to
find out what was the matter I arrived
just in time to see the ship's surgeor has
tening to the assistance of a woman who
was suffering from a terrible hemorrhage
of the lungs. As he stooped down over
hc-r he w;.s ludely thrust ajide by some
of the natives standing next to him and
his place was taken by a dried-up look
ing old fellow who I learned was the Sha
man, or spirit doctor. That individual
first placed the woman in a sitting pos
ture, and, after muttering some sort of
an invocation to the accompaniment of a
couple of tskin torn toms, or drums, in
the hands of his assistants, pushed her
head to one side and whistled a peculiar
sort of a wild bird call in her ear.
"Naturally I looked on this rather un
usual course of treatment with some sur
prise, but niy first astonijhm-ent. was
nothing to the sensation which I exper
ienced when I saw the bleeding suddenly
stop and the woman get up and walk
away in apparently perfect health and
with her vigor quite restored." V
John R. Renton, A. H. Renton and
Miss Renton of Hawaii are at the Pal
ace.
John Hale, one of Marysville's leading
business men, is at the Lick with his
wife.
E. M. Graves, the manager of Tod
Sloan, is at the Palace, where he ar
rived last night from the East.
H. R. Benard, ex-secretary of the Pres
ton Reform School, is to be seen at the
Grand during the next few days.
John F. Brooke, the well-known, good
looking and popular paying teller of the
First National Bank, who has been con
fined to his home for some time past, suf
fering from a severe attack of illness,
has entirely recovered and is once more
at his post.
Rheumatism cured. No pay until cured. Dr
Gordins Sanitarium. 5U Pine.nr.Kearny,S.F.,Cal.
Cal.firlace fruit 50c perlb at Townsend's."
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Trunks Moved 25 Cents.
Furniture moved. San Francisco Trans
fer Co. Office, 12 Grant aye. Tel. M. 505.*
M. Berlier, a well-known French en
gineer, has a plan for running a tunnel
under the Straits of Gibraltar, connecting
the Spanish mainland with Morocco.
Time Reduced to Chicago.
Via Rio Grande Western. Denver and Rio
Grande and Burlington railways. Passengers
leaving San Francisco on 6 p. m. train reach
Chicago 2:15 p. m. the fourth day, and New
York 6:30 p. m. following day. Through Pull
man Palace Double Drawing Room Sleeping
Cars to Denver with Union Depot change at/
9:S* a. m. to similar cars of the Burlington
Route for Chicago. Railroad and sleeping car
tickets sold through and full Information given
at 14 Montgomery st. \V. H. Snedaker, General
A«ent.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup "
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow'a Soothing Syrup. !!So a bottle.
CORONADO.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry,
■oft and mild, bein^ entirely free from th«
mists common further north. Round trip '
tickets, by steamship, lncludinj? fifteen days'
board at the Hotel del Coronado, $65: longer
stay. $2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery
street, San Francisco, or A. \V. Bailey, mana
ger. Hotel del Coronado, late of Hotel Colo
rado, Glenwood Springs. Colorado.
E. St. Vrez of Chicago, representing th«
two leading Bohemian papers in this
country, is in Mexico, investigating con
ditions there in order to inform Bohe
mians as to the advisability of making a
settlement.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The baking pow-
der that will equal
Royal in leaven-
ing power and 2
purity has yet to
be compounded.Captain W. G. Hall, Who Died Yesterday.
■ tain W. Q. Hall, one of the best known men in shipping circles on this
' died tit his home, I *;ii! Clay street, at an early hour yesterday morn
:: g. The deceased had been ailing for some time, so his death was not unex
pected.
As a boat designer and builder, the deceased was best known, and there
is probably not a port on the face of the globe that a vessel built in Hall's
shipyard has not visited. The bark Albert, which sailed for Honolulu yester
day with her tlag at halfmast, was designed and built by him, and the
steamer W. 6. Hail, now in the inter-island trade, was also turned out by
him. The pilot-boat Bonita, the fastest thing of her kind on the Pacific, was
fashioned by him, while some of the fastest barks, barkentines and schooners
in the world were turned out of his yard. A few of the vessels designed and
turned out of Hall's shipyards during the past few years are the big schoon
ers Alice Cooke, Aloha, American Girl and Annie Larsen, schooners C. S.
Holmes, Carrier Dove, Comet, Corona, Dora Bluhm, E. K. Wood, F. S. Red
field, F. E. Saunders, Golden Shore, Hesper and Inca; barkentines Blakeley,
Irmgard, Robort Sudden, S. X. Castle, S. G. Wilder; schooners J. M. Col
rr.an, James Spiers, J. A. Campbell. J. D. Tallant, King Cyrus, Lizzie Vance,
Lottie Carson, Lyman D. Foster, Marie E. Smith, Meteor, Nokomis, Oceania
Vance, Okanogan, Prosper, Robert Lewers, Robert Searles, Scray, Spokane,
Una. W. H. Talbot, Wm. Bowdon and Win. Renton.
Captain Hall was a quiet, unassuming gentleman, whom everybody
liked. In him the poor have lost a good friend, as a request for assistance
was never denied. Especially will he be missed by the Salvation Army las
sie, who sold him War Cry*. Every week the captain paid her $1 for a copy,
rind whenever she came round for a subscription his purse was always open.
The funeral will be from the family residence on Clay street, but the ar
rangements will not be perfected until to-day.
BURGLARS IN A
JEWELRY-STORE
Daring Job Committed
on Post Street, Near
Grant Avenue.
Rudolph Barth Loses a Quan-
tity of His Watches and
T Silverware.
Entrance Effected, by Forcing Open
the Iron Gate and. Front Door
With a "Jimmy."
The belief of "the upper office" that
there are no experienced burglars in the
city received a rude shock yesterday
morning when it was reported that the
jewelry store of Rudolph Barth, succes
sor to Barrett & Sherwood. 141 Post
Btreet, had been broken into early yes
terday morning and a quantity of
watches and silverware had been stolen.
One-half of the store is occupied by
Leon Bloch, perfumer, and he was the
first one to discover the burglary. He
went to the store about 10 o'clock yes
terday morning and saw at once that
something was wrong. The iron gate
in front of the entrance was burst open
and the front door showed unmistak
able signs of having been tampered
with.
He immediately blew his police whis
tle and not only attracted the atten
tion of Poleeman McGee, but a num
ber of people who ran to the store not
knowing what was the cause of all the
excitement. On entering the store it
■was Ecen that the burglars had relieved
Barth of a portion of his stock.
The drawers in the counter had been
forced open and a selection of the goods
made. The show case nearest the door
had also been emptied of its contents,
i Word was a"t once telephoned to police
headquarters and Detectives Bee and
Dinan were detailed by Captain Bohen
to make an investigation. They found
that the iron door had been forced
open by sheer strength and the front
door had been made to feel the effect
of a "jimmy," the marks of which were
apparent.
Special Officer Linville has the sur
veillance of that neighborhood, and he
thinks that the burglary must have
been committed between 3 and 10
o'clock In the morning, as everything
was ail right at the former hour. Barth
says the burglars must have been fools,
as they took away a lot of stuff that
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BABY'S
SKIN
In all the world there is no other treatment
Iso pure, so sweet, so safe, so speedy, for pre-
serving, purifying, and beautifying the skin,
scalp, and hair, and eradicating every hu-
mor, as warm baths with CuTicrmA. Soap,
and gentle anointings with Cuticdba (oint- :
ment), the great skin cure.
•Qticura
It noli throughout the' world. Poitui
D*f<» Am r»t». Ok,-., Sola Props., Boston. :
(,-j* -Ml About the Skin. Scalp aod Hair," free.
tUCPV UN MOD **° m Pimp'.et to s>-rorul»
fc-VLni nUIVIUKI Cured uj Cencv«*.
was not very valuable and left the most I
valuable portion of the stock untouched !
which was on the shelves and easily j
reached. He was unable to give a full I
list of the articles stolen, but would be !
able to do so to-day. The loss will not
amount to over $300. It is supposed that
the burglars got scared, otherwise they
would not have missed taking a lot of
the silverware exposed on the shelves.
Bloch made an examination of his i
Door at J4l Post Stre:t, Broken In by Burglars,
Btock and found that It had not been
touched.
TEAMSTER ASSAULTED.
John Tracy Wounded by an Unknown
Man and Left Unconscious.
John Tracy, a teamster employed at
"Warren & Malley's camp near Baden,
had a lacerated wound in his scalp
dressed at the Receiving Hospital yester
day morning. He was so weak from the
loss of blood that he fainted after the
operation was over.
Tracy's family lives at 124 Eighth street
and ho said he came into the city Satur
day evening to draw 520. He gave his
wife $1S 50, and about 10 o'clock at night
he took a car to return to the camp. He
took the one-horse car at Twenty-fourth
street and Potrero avenue, which stops
about three miles from the camp. He had
walked about five minutes after leaving
the car when some one came up behind
him and knocked him down by a violent
blow on the head with some instrument.
Robbery was apparently not the assail
ant's object, as he did not search Tracy's
pockets, but disappeared after striking
the blow.
The blow made Tracy unconscious, and
when he recovered it was too late to
catch a car to return to his home. He
made his way to the nearest house and
got shelter for the night and took the car
yesterday morning.
A PRAYER FOR RAIN.
Eev. Oliver C. Miller's Evening Ser-
mon at the Chapel of the Holy
Spirit.
The sermon of Rev. Oliver C. Miller
in the Chapel of the Holy Spirit last even
ing was an answer to the query, "Why
pray for rain?" taken from Zach. 10:1.
Dr. Miller commenced by showing the
similarity betwefh the climate of Cali
fornia and that of Palestine, and after
a beautiful discourse on the efficacy of
prayer in the hour of need, supported
by many biblical instances of where the
Lord had relieved the drought in olden
times, he closed with a prayer of suppli
cation for the relief of the present dis
tressed condition of the country.
O'Brien's patent spring; best and easiest
riding buggy made; rubber or steel tires.
O'Brien & Sons, Golden Gate avenue and
Vaiu. atreet. •
THE S^X FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 189 S.
ONCE MORE THE
CITIZEN OFFICER
Annie McTavish Appre
hended While on Her
Way Home.
A Policeman Who Was Not
in Uniform Made the
Arrest.
The Woman Kept in Jail Until Re
leased on Her Own Recog
nizance.
While returning from church last
evening Annie McTavlsh, an apparent
ly respectable middle-aged woman, was
accosted by Policeman McEntee, who
was in citizen's clothes, at Fifth and
Mission streets. McEntee, she claims,
asked her where she lived and when
she informed him he suggested that
they take a walk. She refused to go
with him, whereupon, she alleges, Mc-
Entee threw back his coat, exposing
his star and placed her under arrest.
He then sent for the patrol wagon and
the unfortunate woman was taken to
the City Prison, where she was charged
with indecent behavior.
When placed in a cell the woman
wept bitterly and begged the desk ser
geant to release her.
"I am not a woman of the half
world," she tearfully exclaimed. "My
God! how could a policeman make such
a mistake!"
To a reporter Mrs. McTavish stated
that she and a friend had visited St.
Patrick's Church, on Mission street, and
they were returning home when the of
ficious police officer accosted them.
"For some reason," she declared, "the
policeman singled me out, and, walk
ing up to me, asked me where I was
going. I replied I was on my way
home, when he asked me to take a
walk with him. I declined his offer,
and started to walk away, when he
grabbed me by the arm, and exposing
I his star placed me under arrest."
After hearing her story Judge Camp
j bell at once released the woman on her
own recognizance.
PROPERTY OWNERS APPROVE.
Indorse the Action of the Super-
visors Providing for a New
Hospital.
A mass-meeting of property owners of
the Mission and the Potrero was held at
Maennerbund Hall on Protrero avenue
and Twenty-fourth street yesterday af
ternoon, with a large attendance. The
meeting was held to ratify and approve
the action of the Board of Supervisors, in
making provision In the next tax levy
for an appropriation of $400,000 to erect a
new City and County Hospital on the
Almshouse tract. On motion the meet
ing resolved Itself Into the Potrero and
Mission Improvement Club, and the pur
pose of the club Is to agitate the ques
tion of removing the hospital from its
preeent location and the building of a
modern one on the Almshouse tract.
The following resolutions were adopted:
Whereas, The Board of Supervisors has
adopted the Kottanzl resolutions to in
clude in the next tax levy of the city and
county the sum of $400,000, for a suitable
hospital, "and, whereas, the action has
been agitated and discussed by the citi
zens for years, and it now becomes tne
duty of the people to recognize the ac
tion of the present Board of Supervisors
therefore be it
Resolved, That we, the members of the
Potrero and MiHsion Improvement Club
In meeting assembled, do hereby indorse
and ratify the action of said Supervisors
recognizing their appreciation of the want
of such an institution; and be it fur
ther
Resolved, That tho thanks of the
meeting be extended to said board for its
prompt action in tho matter, and that a
cony of these resolutions be furnished it
and the press of this city.
A committee consisting of T. B. Slevin
E. V. Sullivan, George R. Code, James
B. Hughes anu A. D. Pratt was appoint
ed to confer with a similar committee
of -the Precita "Valley Club, having for its
object the extension of streets in the
surrounding districts.
It was resolved to have a grand rally
of the club at its meeting on the first
Sunday in March, to which will be in
vited the Mayor, the Board of Super
visors and the Board of Health.
Dr. Tubbs said the. proper place for the
new hospital was on the Almshouse
tract. He exhorted the club to keep agi
tating the question.
JEWISH PERSECUTION.
Rabbi Isadore Meyers delivered a dis
course last Saturday evening at the Bush
street Synagogue, on Anti-Semitism.
lie opened with the' statement that the
term was but another name for lawless
persecution of everything Jewish. Then
going back into the mist of the past he
traced the history of the Jewish people
from the earliest times to the present day,
telling his audience that the Jew was a
proscribed being throughout the whole
•world for his refusal to accept baptism
and doctrines he did not believe and tor
an "alleged crime" committed 1800 years
a Though religious bigotry, owing to the
advancement of education, was no longer
possible, the rabbi declared that the Jew
ish people were still subjected to business
and social persecution brought about by
the unreasoning hatred of the enemies
and the unthinking acquiescence of the
great body of the people who, In their
hearts, wished the race no 111.
EX-U. S. MARSHAL J. A. MOORE.
Ex-United States Marshal J. A. Moore of Nevada has been attracted
by the glittering opportunities of Alaska, and intends leaving for the new
land of promise on the 10th inst.
While perfecting arrangements for his trip Mr. Moore is staying at the
Grand, and when seen yesterday gave some of the reasons for the journey.
"Owing to the depreciation of silver, business in Nevada has reached a
low ebb," Mr. Moore said. "Men who were earning good wages in the mines
are out of employment, and things have taken on a dark look. Many of
the miners have left for the gcrld fields with the hope of bettering their
conditions, while others are devoting their energies to whatever employ
ment is offered them, waiting and hoping for brighter times. The Corbett-
Fitzsimmons fight did a great deal toward making business in the State, and
it Is hoped on every hand that another meeting of the men will be held
at the same place.
"Personally, I intend to go direct to Dyea and embark in some busi
ness. I feel that is the best thing to do under the present circumstances, as
every one is rushing to Dawson, and that town will soon be overcrowded.
As Dyea is the gateway to the gold fields, it will not be difficult for me to
reach any new discoveries in a short time. Many Nevadans have asked
me to let them know of the chances of earning a livelihood there, and should
my report be favorable I expect many will leave for Alaska."
Mr. Moore enjoys the honor of being the youngest United States Mar
shal ever appointed to the office, getting it from President Cleveland when
but 21 years old. Through close attention to his duties he was not ousted
from office, but served through President Harrison's term. In 1896 he was
elected Sergeant-at-Arms of the Nevada Senate. Mr. Moore has been In
business since then, and has become well known throughout the State.
ST. PATRICK'S
DAY CONVENTIONS
Business of the Old Meeting
Closed and Opening of
the New.
Officers of the Body of 1898
Elected Amid Great En
thusiasm.
The St. Patrick's day celebration con
vention of 1597 convened in K. R. B. Hall
yesterday afternoon for the purpose of
winding up the business of 1597.
The convention was called to order by
the president, John Mulhern. The report
of the treasurer showed the total receipts
from all sources to havo been $1414 25 and
the disbursements JHJ93 10; deposited in
Hlbernia Bank, $314 &0; in hands of treas
urer, $5 25. After hearing the treasurer's
report the convention of 1897 adjourned
Bine die.
Immediately after the adjournment of
the convention of 1897 Mr. J. J. Moran,
secretary of the convention, called the
convention of IS9B to order. Frank Conk
lin was chosen temporary chairman and
J. J. Moran temporary secretary. The
election of officers was proceeded with
immediately after the report of the com
mittee on credentials and resulted as fol
lows: President, Frank Conklin; vice
president, Jeremiah Deasy; secretary, J.
J. Moran; financial secretary, P. M. Mc-
Guahin; treasurer, E. I. Sheehan; ser
geant-at-arms, R. J. O'Reilley. An execu
tive committee of twenty-five -was se
lected, being composed of one representa
tive from each of the various societies of
which the convention is composed.
The convention was enthusiastically
harmonious, there being but one contest
during the election of officers, which was
between Frank Conklin and Jeremiah
Deasy for president, in which Mr. Conk
lin won out. Both gentlemen are friends
of long standing, and the contest though
spirited was of tho friendliest nature. All
of the other officers were elected by ac-
C Lrudng'a recess the following gentlemen
entertained the convention with short and
appropriate addresses: P. * . McGor
mack P. M. McGushin, George J. Galla
gher, 'M. J. Kelly and M. O'Mahoney.
If the unity of action and spirit of en
thusiasm which pervaded the convention
is any criterion to go by the celebration
of St. Patrick's day in 1898 will surpass
any former celebration held by the St.
Patrick's day celebration convention. The
convention adjourned to meet in K. R. B,
Hall Sunday, February 20, at 2 p. m.
WAS STABBED IN THE BACK.
George Stevens Slightly Injured by
James Sheeehan During an .
Altercation.
George Stevens, a brother of Attorney
J. J. Stevens, was slightly stabbed in
the back last evening at Brady and Mar
ket streets by James Sheehan, who lives
at 21 Crocker street. The trouble Is
supposed to have arisen from family
troubles superinduced by alcoholic stim
ulants According to reports, the men
entered into an altercation at the corner
of Market and Brady streets, and in a
few moments Stevens struck Sheehan a
blow in the back, and it was afterward
ascertained that he had used a small
pocket knife, which is now in the hands
of th«> nolice as evidence.
The men were arrested by Officer T. C.
Calnan and Sneehan was charged at the
City Prison with having disturbed tne
peace and committing an assault with a
deadly weapon. Stevens was charged
with disturbing the peace after being
brought from the Receiving Hospital.
Use Professor Field's worm powders. A
single trial, proves their worth. •
AFRAID OF HIS LIFE.
L. H. Stanbrough, a Farmer From
Fresno, Becomes Insane.
Li. H. Stanbrough, a farmer from Fres
no, called at police headquarters yester
day morning and complained that some
men were hounding him to kill him. He
was living at 126 Fifth street, and Satur
day night four men came to his door and
tried to force their way in. He grabbed
his revolver, but found that some one
had tampered with it, and he made his
escape from the room.
Corporal Geimann talked with him for
a few minutes and saw that his mind waa
unbalanced, and he was sent to the Re
ceiving Hospital and placed in a padded
cell. He had $11 in his pockets and a
check for $140. He will be taken before the
Insanity Commissioners this morning.
RADER ATTACKS
THE POOLROOMS
They Are San Francisco's
Greatest Evil, the Minister
Says.
Blames Ingleside as Being the
Nucleus of Existing Gaming
Houses.
As a prelude to an able sermon on the
"End of the World," Rev. William Rader
of the Third Congregational Church last
evening delivered an address before a
large congregation condemnatory of the
Ingleside racetrack and down-town pool
rooms. In part, the minister said:
"The greatest evil that exists, in my
opinion, in the neighborhood of this city
is the Ingleside racing track. Although
I am not in the habit of going, and In
consequence cannot speak from experi
ence, I have knowledge of the debased in
fluence created by this evil from the pa
pers and from many numbered among Its
victims.
"I have no authority to speak against
the legality of this great gaming institu
tion, as it is sanctioned by the State, but
1 can proclaim against its immorality
even though it bears the dignity of legal
ity.
•'I can compare the Ingleside track and
its environing intlucnces to a great spider
that has woven a web of sin over the en
tire community. Its victims are count
less, and among them men in the gloam
ing of existence, women in every walk of
life and boys who leave their homes In
tent on honorable duty, but who are
weak and are ensnared by the glamor of
sporting life.
"This much for Ingleside, against which
but little can be said, as it boars the
stamp of legality, but out from it springs
a greater evil— the down-town poolrooms.
These poolrooms, unlike Ingleside, are
running wide open, right in the heart of
the city, in direct violation of law. Or
dinance after ordinance has been passed
in endeavor to suppress these gambling
dons, but notwithstanding Supervisors,
judges, courts and police they run and
prosper. • Owing to this fact It is time
that the ministers of the gospel should
rise up and assist the authorities in their
light for purity and right. Women are
forced to removo their hats in theaters,
Chinamen are forced to quit gambling
and stray dogs are caught and put to
death, but the poolroom evil lives on.
And murderers, drunkards, broken
homes, blighted hopes, ruined young
men and women and 'poverty are its
children."
A "GOLD BRICK" STORY.
Somebody connected with the mining
ADVERTISEMENTS.
P»fflM|~ "Invigorates in ibe\
PJH^^\ morning and refreshen
Japan Tea
is always delicious. The best
tea grown — the best process
known. Every pound is critic-
ally examined by the Japanese
officials before it is shipped \
from that country.
All good grocers sell it.
■ Radway'a Ready Relief for Sprains, Bruises,
Sore Muscles, Cramps, Burns, Sunburns, Back-
ache, Headache,. Toothache, Rheumatism, Neu-
ralgia,; Lumbago. : Internally .••: for all ■■ Bowel
Pains. Colic, Diarrhoea, Dysentery, J Cholera
Morbua and Sickness, Nausea, etc. Ml druf-
:^-> ■ • ' ■■ : . ' " ... .
fair started the report last night that
"two men and a boy" had attempted to
steal the mammoth gold brick which is
the principal feature or the California
exhibition.
It was claimed that the alleged thieves
had entered the building from the base
ment, crawled through the tunnel and
were in the act of stealing the gold brick
when two guards discovered them. They
were placed under arrest and taken to
the office of some private detective agen
cy, so one of the men in charge stated.
For some reason the man who told the
story of the alleged attempted robbery
refused to disclose the name of the de
tective agency, nor would he tell the
names of the supposed desperate robbers.
The police ridicule the story told by the
enterprising man connected with the fair.
ODD FELLOWS` RELIEF.
The Charitable Work That It Has
Done During the Past Six
Months.
The general relief committee of the
Independent Order of Odd Fellows of San
Francisco held its semi-annual meeting
yesterday afternoon, when the following 1
named were elected officers for the en-
suing term:
L. L. Remey.Franco-Americaine Lodge,
president; James A. -Wilson of Fidelity
Lodge, vice-president; J. P. Nichols of
Parker Lodge, secretary (re-elected), and
Louis Kragen of Golden Gate Lodge,
treasurer (re-elected).
The reports that were presented and
adopted showed' that during the past six
months the committee attended to 275
cases and extended relief at a cost of
$9W>S 16, being $1301 98 in excess of the re
ceipts during the same period, the deficit
having been made up from the reserve
fund.
After the meeting about sixty of the
membership went to a restaurant, where
there was a banquet and a great deal of
good fellowship.
During the afternoon A. J. Doyle, the
retiring president, in recognition of the
faithful manner in which he discharged
his duties, was, by Treasurer Kragen, on
behalf of the committee, presented with
a beautiful gold watch.
Fine Champagne Vintage.
A vintage of remarkable quality and natural
dryness now coming to the U. S. is G. 11.
Mumm's Extra Dry. Its imports In 1597 were
72,775 cases, or 42,293 more than any other brand.*
The town of Perry, Me., is possessed
of some unique features, included
among which are eighty-three old
fashioned brass knockers on the doors
of farmhouses, and each one of these
knockers more than a century old.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Nature makes the cures
after all.
Now and then she gets !
into a tight place and needs
helping out.
Things get started in the
wrong direction.
Something is needed to
check disease and start the
system in the right direction
toward health.
Scott's Emulsion of Cod-
liver Oil with hypophos-
phites can do just this..
It strengthens the nerves,
feeds famished tissues, and
makes rich blood.
50c. and $1.00 ; all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists. New York. .
Beware of Imitations
Wreestersilre tf)
; JOHN DUNCAN'B SONS, AGCNT9, NEW YORK.
INFLUENZA, SCROFULOUS HUMORS, ETC.,
by building up the wasted tissues and feeding
the over- worked nerves in such a manner that
after using, HEALTH IS THE NATURAL
RESULT.
EVERYBODY LIKES IT.
Physicians prescribe it. All ' good druggists
sell it. Ask for "WJLBOR'S," and take no
other. :. . . ; .
N. B.— Beware of imitations. This article is
the : oldest of its kind in the market. : Many
try to make a remedy "just as good," • but
none succeed. \:r : -:-i-i*,
* & v '■ fvJ\. .'~^^o n'a C C C •*•
SV>^- r Fitting
SPECTACLES&Ey£ GLASSK
CAO It r wCItMTIFIC ...
ml Market ot. instruments
u*OEH CHOMICLt BUllOmt, " ' .. .
Q Visit DR. JORDAN'S Great
fflss Museum of Anatomy
|p|fS\ ICSI MABKIT ST. tot. 6th 4 7:h, S.F.C»I.'
mTS ™ « ::t The Largest of its kind In the World. '
!Hisr\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
■ilf'Pli'k 1 ' - ■•••-' Conioltatlon ftte.' Write for Eook '$1 i,'
Wa PhiKphy of Marriage.
■_'h' :U •' . . ... MAILED FBCf ; .
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC §
'£* QQ i MARKET ' ST.. I - OPP. PALACB
000 \ Hotel. Telephone 670. * Residence M
Valencia street. Telephone, "Cburcb" U. ■•
ADVERTISEMENTS.
nninT LetWH|SKY ? ett|i2BE
111I 11 ill lof you. GET the BEST of
UUII I WHISKY, which is the
-nE--, GENUINE
"Tn mOI I DISTILLERY
Tv K*j§ I BOTTLING OP
1# OLD
f\ Mg iM i Lit
'mk WHISKY.
|| i^^S!St^\\ lH Bottled and Distilled
. ?^^^Hjas.e,peppeb
If:] j£*? |: Lexington, Ky.
i'- yl_^Rjj!^¥>eK— - A ' ' Under the same FOR-
]/■ tttiWCJS '""■ -'** ' MULA for more than 100
f' ■.JzT W**feWS —•*■•. YEARS;, is gua-antead
.*■ \i '^"ramfiyi I *'"'" i absolutely tho
l(li'fy/£sjmm^ " PUREST and BEST in
i HllSl^ SAMPLE CASE $15
Sent on trial, which, if
TlUJSMffi^^ rot satisfactory, can *?»
■"■■HYBHa^^^^ returned and money will
be refunded.
CARROLL ST CARROLL,
306 market Street,
Sole Agents for the Pacific Coast.
WILL CASH PEPPER COUPONS.
AMUSEMENTS. _
fWtUMiDLB GOTTIOB ac<!i(MU)&Mu«ia
Third and Last Week!
Edw. E. Rice's Superb . Spectacle ■ '-.;-•■'.
I ™ GIRL FROM PARIS
A most attractive production.
Next Monday— famous original BOS-
■ TONIANS.
Note— The Columbia Theater reopens the 11th.
.fRIEDLANDEB COTTloBaC°u&»isa/wuMi»
%
A joyous throng Enjoyed comedy and song!
They -were a hit last night.
BLACK PATTI TROUBADOURS!
All this and next week
COON COMEDY I CAKE WALKS
BUCK DANCES I OPERATIC REVIEWS
VAUDEVILLES I COON SONGS
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Note— Columbia Theater reopens the 11th.
THE GREAT CUVETTE,
Assisted by HLLE. OLIVETTE, Laughable Silhouettes.
FILLTS' DOGS, canine marvels; FRANCIS-
CO COLLENZ, Italian tenor; BROS. GLOS,
gladiatorial acrobats; ADELMAN & LOWE,
xylophone artists; the Great GAUTIER, eques-
trian wonder; the NAWNS, Irish comedians;
BROS. DAIIM, eccentric acrobats.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera
chairs and box seats, 50c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mus. Ernestine Krelixg. Proprietor &. Manage?
;i EVERY EVENING.
A SUCCESS EQUAL TO "THE GEISHA."
■ i The Merry Operatic Fantasie,
"THE PEARL OF PEKIN !"
-A GREAT CAST * "■
—SEE-
THE MERRY CHIN-CHIN GIRLS! .
-•';/>: —HEAR-
ALL THE LATEST SONGS!
SONG- — BALLET !
Popular prices.... .......25c and 500
BOX OFFICE ALWAYS OPEN.
ALCAZAR Seats *>y Phono
rt.L*Vriiwiir\ Main 234.
TO-NIGHT.
ENJOY YOURSELVES.
■ Will Make a Cat Laugh.
"CHARLEY'S AUNT !"
A Farcical Comedy in 3 acts by Brandon
Thomas.
Prices .....15c, 25c, 35c, 500
To-morrow (Tuesday) TESTIMONIAL.
TO FRED BELASCO. :■:- .
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
First Appearance of the Well-known Roman-
tic Actor
* HARRY MAINHALL,
In the Title Role of John A. Stevens' Great
Melodrama, .' VI --
"THE UrSK-fNOVA/rV ! •>- —
A Thrilling Play With a Strong Cast. Great
East River Scene < ■»♦ —
Beautiful Seacoast Scene.
Evening Prices, 10, 25 and 50c. Matinees
Saturday and Sunday. •
THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE ARE ASTOUNDED
DAILY WHEN THEY SEE THAT
CHIQUITA
Is but One-third the Size of Mr. or Mrs. Gen-
eral Tom Thumb. ■..'•;".•»■-
— -THE CHUTES — -
Every Afternoon and Evening, " . »
Rain or Shine.
.10c to all, Including Vaudeville; Children, sc.
SECOND SUCCESSFUL WEEK '
Mining air
AND
KLONDIKE .:. EXPOSITION
MECHANICS' PAVILION TO-DAY.
• Free Souvenir Spoons given away to ladies
I buying tickets of admission at box office from
10 a. m. until 5 p. m., to-day only. Worth
admission price alone.
< All the many regular attractions— Stage
Shows. - • .
TO-MORROW NIGHT— Great Klondike
W'-dding. ■ You must come early or you'll not
get inside the doors. S It .will be the biggest
event of the exposition.
WEDNESDAY— Baby Show. Keep posted oa
special attractions.
Admission, 25c. Children, 15c.
TO-NIGHT— The Great Humorous, \ Startling
CAKE WALK.
: "MA COAL BLACK LADY." You'll scream
with laughter when you see the "cullud" in-
dividuals line up "foh de occasion." Music
and fun. The Cake weighs 400 pounds. See It
at Del Monte Co.'s booth— Fair.
 MUSIC BY ROGERS' BAND. : .
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB—
Winter meeting, IS9T-98, Beginning MONDAY,
February 7, to February 19, > Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
BACINB MONDAY, : , TUESDAY,- WEDNESDAY,
I-;- THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY. -
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
——RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP.
-Ferry-boats' leave San Francisco at 12 m.
and 12:30, 1:00, 1:30, 2:00, 2:30 and 3 p. m..
connecting with train' stopping at the entrance
to track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell
- Returning— Trains leave the Track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. m., and Immediately after the last
ra °THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
' R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
■• - ... . ■.: ~ ' ~ ~"
fW V M DT A Corner of M?»on and
j '-'■ UL.YiVlr'lA — - Eddy streets.
Th(> Most Beautiful Music Hall in America.
The JACKSONS. MABEL BOWMAN. , PUR-
ITAN HOWARD, HEALY & STEVENS and a
great olio by artists. : Last week of JESSIE-
MILLAR. Admission free. . ..■•-;.
THE LYBECK CYCLE SKATING RINK.
Howard St., bet. 3d and 4th. Optical Illusion*.
Orchestra music. Open daily from 9:20 a. in.
to 12 m.; 2to 4:30 p. m. ; 7 to 10 p. m. General :
Admission, 10c; -i Gents' , Sl-.aces. lie: Ladles*
Skates, 1 Free. ■ A Dance Will .Be Given Regu-
• larly Every Wednesday and ; Saturday Evea- „
Ings, Starting February *.?»>
56
WANT NO MORE
STATE CONTROL
Possible Outcome of the
Present Insurance
War.
A Growing Sentiment That
the Federal Government
Should Step In.
Plain Exposition of the Situation by
Hon. James G. Batterson
at Hartford.
The insurance war which will open
in the courts to-day has done more
than merely stir to the point of out
spoken wrath the underwriters of the
city. It has revived an old feeling that
the Federal Government and not the
State government is the proper au
thority to control the insurance com
panies, and the sentiment that some
thing should be done toward securing
such a state of affairs is steadily grow
ing.
The attempt to collect the back taxes
on the city companies will be fought
bitterly, for the companies claim the
taxes are levied under a Jaw that as
long ago as ISB6 was declared uncon
stitutional by the Supreme Court of
California. The old Globe Company
was the first to bring the matter into
the courts. It refused to pay the tax
of 1 per cent which was to go to the
benefit of the firemen's relief fund on
the ground that it was an unjust dis
crimination against a foreign company.
The case was tried before Judge Ma
guire and his decision in favor of the
company was affirmed by the higher
court. It is that decision the insurance
men claim which covers the case now
under dispute and they are confident
the proceedings in court will not be
long nor adverse to their contentions.
The excitement caused by the pro
ceedings goes farther than the mere
legal opposition, however, and how to
prevent further trouble is the topic
most earnestly discussed, and the old
desire to get from under the State con
trol is becoming more and more mani
fest as a means to prevent future com
plications.
In the East the same idea is under
discussion and on Monday, January 18,
the Hon. James G. Batterson, president
of the Travelers' Company of Connec
ticut, read a paper before the Board of
Underwriters of Hartford in which he
reviewed the situation in a manner that
has caused much comment in Eastern
insurance circles and has even in
iluenced the local men in the trend of
their legal fight.
In his paper Mr. Batterson argued
the legal side of the case as well as the
practical side, and he maintained that
the insurance companies should never
have been placed under State control.
As commerce cannot be carried on
without insurance, he believed the
companies as much a part of the com
merce of the country as its mails, and
they should be allowed the same immu
nity from State interfeience. More than
that he claimed the companies, as cor
porations, were entitled to the same
privileges of citizenship as the individ
ual citizen, privileges which could not
be restricted by the enactment of any
State law. The tendency of the various
States to restrict and to tax the foreign
corporations doing business within its
borders had, he said, created a system
of retaliatory measures that has made
the insurance laws a network of limita
tions, discriminating and unjust and
most detrimental to the business. A
citizen, he said, can go from State to
Btate and there is no law allowed which
will make the restrictions upon him
greater in one State than in another,
yet the insurance companies are met
with a different set of laws and regu
lations in every State in which they
establish themselves, and each State
has its own commission and its own
superintendent and an insurance code
peculiar to itself. In his paper he said:
Xo company, whether fire, marine, i
life or accident, can exist on the business ]
which can be drawn from any particular j
Statn. The business is therefore not only
national, but. in the case of many com- !
panics, international. That security j
which is gained by the widest dispersion j
of risks is well known to be essential to j
good management. Being national in !
character and practice, it should be sub- j
Ject to national supervision and control,
the same as national banks, the currency. |
the railway traffic and all the other great
systems of daily and perpetual inter
course between the people of the various
Statts.
The enormous aggregation of capital
subject to the management of these cor
porations is a matter of national concern
and should not be the subject ot State
legislation and control, which is never
uniform, never consistent, and seldom
fair. This great volume of assets,
amounting to many hundreds of millions, '
may be possibly located within the radius I
of a very few miles: but they belong to !
and their final destination is in every j
Btate and Territory of the whole country.
Each State has its own department
a*id superintendent, and quite frequently
no companies of its own; such depart
ments are established nominally for
home companies, but actually to make I
place for a political party official; and I
his department is supported by fees and j
taxes imposed upon companies in other
States. The aggregate expense of these !
departments to the various companies j
amounts to millions of dollars per an- i
num. and necessarily increases the cost
of insurance to the people, without bene
fit to anyone but the Incumbent official: j
and a remedy should be provided, and I
can be provided, for this unnecessary |
evil.
Whether a license from the Federal i
Government to a corporation created by j
a State government will correct the evil
may be questioned. If the State charter
Is surrendered and a reorganization ef
fected under and by virtue of a Federal
act, then the government license would i
be effective in all States and Territories
without interference by State officials.
Xo State has any good reason for ex
istence except as a public organization
fox the maintenance of public and private
rights, the administration of Justice, and j
a greater security for that personal free- '
dom which promotes the highest degree
of social and moral development.
The doctrine that one State has the
right to pull -down and destroy by pro
hibition, taxation or otherwise, that
which another State haa the right to j
build up and maintain Is a conflict of sov
ereignties which has only to be persisted I
In with the same spirit which now pre
vails in some States in order to rupture I
the bond which the fathers of the consti- j
tutlon declared to be perpetual.
That State legislation and State courts
would not be reliable in dealing with in
terstate or national questions owing to I
sectional and local bias was perfectly ap
parent to the framers of the constitution j
and has been painfully apparent ever |
since.
The paper created quite a sensation,
as it was the plainest exposition of the
desires of the insurance men that had
been made public. The sentiments ex
pressed are much in accord with the
sentiments existing here, and it is not
beyond the possible that a movement
toward concerted action on the part of
the big corporations to get from under
State control may soon be started.
Go to O'Brien & Sons for modern style,
high-grade surreys, phaetons and buggies
at low prices. Corner Golden Gate ave
nue and Polk street. *
"William WVsh, Who Won the Essay Contest MedaL
JAPANESE FOR
THE KLONDIKE
| Five Thousand of the Lit
tle Brown Men Said
to Be Going.
Many of Them Will Be Taken
From Hawaii to St. Mi
chaels Direct.
The Yacht Meranda, Which James
V. Coleman Bought to Race
the Jessie, Sold.
Japan Is going to Invade the Klon
dike. A standing army of 5000 able
bodied laborers is being grot together
for the gold fields, and in a month or
so it will make a descent upon Dawson
City. One of the Xippcm Yusen Kaisha
steamers will bring the men here,
but as they will not land on the soil of
the United States there will be no one
to say them nay unless Great Britain
takes a hand in the matter.
One of the Japanese steamers that
has been carrying laborers will be used
to carry the little brown men to their
destination. Either they will go to
Victoria, B. C, and thence over the
British trail into the Yukon district or
else they will go to St. Michael and
then up the Yukon in the river steam
ers.
"Nearly all the Japanese who will go
to the Klondike will come from Ha
waii," said Alex Sht-phard, on board
the brig J. D. Spreckels yesterday. Mr.
Shepbard and K. D. Moler are from
Honolulu, and have the gold fever.
They will leave for Dyea as soon as
they have purchased an outfit here.
"A great many laborers in the islands
are getting ready to go north as soon
as their contract time expires," contin
ued Mr. Sh»?phard. "A big syndicate In
Japan is behind the scheme, and the
laborers will only get about the same
pay as they do on the plantations.
Overseers will go with them, and the
coolies will be worked in gangs, I sup
pose. Outside of these, lots of Japa
nese who have saved a little money on
their own account will go, and I would
not be surprised to see 7000 or 8000 of
the little brown fellows stretched out
along the banks of the Yukon. The
steamer they will come on will pro-b
ably be the Saiko Maru, while others
will go on the Canadian Pacific Com
pany's boats to Victoria, B. C."
With seven or eight thousand Japa
nese on the river, there is bound to be
trouble on the Klondike next winter.
If supplies were short this year, what
will they be next, when there will be
a hundred times the number o-f peo
ple now on the ground there, and prob
ably a totally inadequate supply of
provisions?* The starving miners will
consider might is right, and will help
themselves to whatever the Japanese
may have in the way of stores.
The brig J. D. Spreckels came up
from Honolulu in nineteen days, which
is good time for this time of the year
and considering that it is nearly eight
een months since she was on the dry
dock. Captain Christiansen spoke the
British ship Glenpark, now out 162 days
from Rio de Janeiro for Portland. The
Glenpark was very foul, and cannot
make more than a few knots an hour.
Her captain asked to be reported all
well, and said he was going to- put into
San Francisco to dock his ship.
The barkentine Archer was towed to
sea by the tug Sea Witch, and the bark
Albert by the Active yesterday. Both i
are bound for Honolulu, and were cast
off near the whistling buoy, and made
sail within a few minutes of each oth
er. The captains are racing to the is
lands for a dinner, and the chances are
that the Archer will win. Both vessels
raced up here, and the barkentine won
by a couple of hours. On this occasion
the Archer is light, while the Albert is
heavily laden, and has a deckload of
mules.
The river steamer Sunol took a party
of excursionists to Mare Island and
the navy-yard yesterday. In spite of
the threatening weather, a big crowd
took advantage of the occasion and
had a most enjoyable trip. While the
steamer Monticello is laid up for re
pairs the Sunol will make regular ex
cursion trips to Vallejo and the navy
yard every Sunday.
James V. Coleman's schooner yacht
Miranda has been sold to Charles N.
Nelson of New York and Mr. Coleman's
career as a yachtsman is over. When
Commodore Macdonough's yacht Jes
sie was carrying all before her Mr.
Coleman bought the Miranda and was
going to bring her out to this coast to
try conclusions with the crack. He
changed his mind, however, as it was
thought the yacht was not stanch
enough to stand a journey around the
Horn. Some time ago Mr. Macdonough
sold the Jessie to the Columbia River
pilots, and now Mr. Coleman has part
ed with his vessel. The Miranda was
built in England and was bought by
George H. B. Hill of the Seawanaka
Yacht Club, and came to tjjis country
in 1886. Mr. Hill decided that he want
ed an American-built vessel, so he sold
the Miranda to Mr. Coleman, and now
he also has got tired of yachting.
H. E. Kent, who is bound for the
Klondike, was brought from the Com
mercial Hotel to the Harbor Receiving
Hospital suffering from Jacksonian epi
lepsy. Dr. Deas advised the driver of
the patrol wagon to take the man to
THE SAy FffA^CISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1898.
the City Hospital and have him taken
before the insanity commissioners.
Sometime ago Kent was thrown from
his bicycle and received severe injuries
about the head which cause him at
times to lose his memory and act like
a crazy man. Dr. Deas thinks that an
operation on his skull might result In
a permanent cure. On Kent's person
was a tax receipt for real estate valued
at $2500, an agreement with a real es
tate agent to sell the property for $2500
and several Klondike circulars. Kent
will be taken before the insanity com
missioners to-day, but the chances are
that he will be in his right mind then.
The attacks come very irregularly and
he might not have, another one for six
months, and then again he might be
stricken as he was leaving the City
Hull.
RACING AT OAKLAND.
The Follansbee Handicap the Feat
ure of an Excellent Card.
The track at Oakland will be muddy
this afternoon and horses of the web
footed brigade will probably take most
Of the purses. The special feature of the
card is the FoUansbee handicap at seven
furlongs. It is said Traverser has been
going great guns in his work, and as he
is nicely situated should about win. The
balance of the card is made up of some
very good events.
The entries are as follows:
First raco— Three and a half furlongs: sell
ing; two-year-olds.
... E. Come 109; 64S Prince Wi11. ...102
548 Master 8uck. ..110 47S Clarando .. . »rp
C4B Golil Scratch.. .los 4TS Buena Ventura. lo7
El 5 Rainier 107 460 The Miller 105
... Amoltopec 107 478 La Condisa 102
Second race— Three-quarters of a mile, three
year-olds.
'i 7 ''atawba 114 i F24 Approbation ... 94
.T. 7 Ml'vn BurnhamlO3 <33<>) Sybaris . 107
6J7 The Dipper N SOl Midian 107
Third race — Free handicap; one and a half
miles.
(~M>) Garland Parr. .lo6' F53 Los Prietos 90
E62 Judge Denny. ..los' (544) Claudlana x 5
r.39 Wheel of F0r. .103 552 Marplot 85
539 Collins 100;
Fourth race — Seven furlongs; value $1250;
F.illansbee handicap: all ages.
529 Buck Massie...l24 455 Colonel Dan.... 98
... Ruinart 126 491 Imperious 93
536 Blarney Stone.. 95 348 Summertime ...105
(425) Traverser 116 549 Kamsln 10S
45r. Flashlight 108 r>47 Hnhenzollern ..ino
44:' l'nul Griggs....lO7 (537) George Miller. .loo
522 Official 98
Fifth race — One and a sixteenth miles; three
year-olds and upward.
613 CabrUlo 106' 652 Judge Denny. ..loß
523 Osrlc II 1"» 4SI Mercutlo 10-4
(546) Harry Tho'hrn.lol
Sixth race— Five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and upward.
47 r , I Don't Kn0w.. 120 298 Napamax ill
463 Lo Lo 12S 458 Monitor 110
531 Highland Ball.. 98 3*2 Midas 118
517 Al Koran 118 (477) Kuenigen 124
361 Lone Princess. .llo 4SI Sly 124
('."■3) Ed Gartland 11.11.' 525 Lucky Dan 126
33s Wood ford Filly.lU 537 Florlmel 10S
424 Attainment 103 (542) Rio Frio 115
(536) Hermoso 118,
TO-DfiY'S SELECTIONS.
First race — Gold Scratch, Buena Ventura,
Clarando.
Second race— Sybaris. Catawba. The Dipper.
Third race— Garland Barr, Judge Denny,
Collins.
Fourth race— Traverser, Buck Massle, George
Miller.
Fifth race— Harry Thoburn, Osrlc 11, Ca
brlllo.
Sixth race — Napamax, Attainment, Wood
ford filly.
A Life Preserving Jacket.
W. F. de Sanno of Mare Island gave a
practical and successful test at the Lur
llne baths of the Alaska life-preserving
jacket, of which he is the inventor. He
wore a Klondike outfit with boots and
carried a hatchet, but the jacket easnv
supported his entire weight, wh.ch was
147 pounds. It is made or cork snavings
sewed into the jacket in compartments,
and weighs but three pounds. It may be
worn as a garment for comfort, and is
intended to guard against the dangers of
the Yukon River, where so many of t^e
miners have lost their lives. The in
ventor has applied for patents in both
Washington, D. C, and Ottowa, Canada,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| AN OLD MAN'S JOY 1
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt Adds Fifteen Years to His 3
I «fc Life— Need of Doctors Now. 3
SI *rtJ*ji} The knowledge that he Is growing old is -^
*~ usually forced on a man by the frequency 12
£ f^^Btfi^ ° f pains, by evidence of failing vitality.
"^" ' T^il One organ an<i then another seems to lose
g- JbHfiF *'iFW its power, and this old age is only the advance
JEBK^-fll messenger of decay. It tells you that
"^- JHBff^«Bl|W your time is approaching and you must go. -^»
j!^^' But don't listen to it. Fight it off. Nature 12
J£L BaBRKJ^g is nOt ready to give up yet. She only needs -^
sj^ «H a Httle he ' P ' The pains and aches are your =^J
S^ HfV \bla ° Id enemies — the enemies of your youth— try- :^
HE jg ln to rob you of life. Destroy them as this rS
»- l^«-' r "«IL« old man did. " Z2>
! § He Feels Strong and Healthy at 70 Years, ii
nn RANnF°7n RRE^ STREET. SAN . FRANCISCO. February 2. 1893.
fc;;- back and weak kidneys when I was generally broken down, age and hard w??U ' ;-E2
back and weak : kidneys when I got your Belt. I thought old are and hard 'work
•^ were getting away with me. But I began to feel bettc-r the first time I nut ;
B the Belt on. It helped my kidneys right away and , gave me strength "cry day
SI ■ until tit ' had me good and strong In . two months. That was two years ago '■ ; -^
and I never felt better than I have since then. I tell you I had rather lfave
•- a Sanden Belt near me than a dozen doctors. It has adder! fifteen years to =2
£Z my life. I am now 70, and I expect to bury lot" o^younger meTV Tours 3
g^| lrul >> . . • \ JAMES DAGGETT. .
B Makes Old Men Young and Young Men Vigorous, M
S= > x, 1I^ on ' tlet what you have done in the past tear down your strength.
Build yourself up now. This grand: Electric Belt J pours life into the 13
-- : old ; veins andwarms them ; up. The current is felt all the time, can be . =58
jpi regulated, and the Belt is warranted ■ for ■•■ one ' year Book "Three — •
•^ Classes of Men," free, with full information. : Call arid test the Belt if '=^
gp possible. Call or address, • .
E SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., 630 %*«* st.; oppo.ite" 3
at: •'-. ■■■..■. - ■ . ' , Pnlace Hotel. San Francisco. IS
SZ Office hours, Ba. m. to Bp. m. Sundays. 10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles Car " =^i
£ S D°a U n h a S B ?e a x dW tt S > 5 : M P aTn tl tt nd ' 253 W " hln^°^>^^^ cX^Sf lflteenlb 3
Sf~ ■■ NOTE— Make no mistake In the I number— 63o MARKET STREET 13
REV. GLEASON
SCORES BARNES
He Tried to Discourage
the League of the
Cross.
When the Institution Was
Started He Said Harsh
Things.
Essay Contest of the Cadets Ap
preciated by an Enthusiastic
Audience.
An unexpected attack was made up
on General W. H. L. Barnes at Metro
politan Temple by Father Gleason of
St. Joseph's Parish In his address to
the League of the Cross Cadets and
those present at the essay contest of
the Third District yesterday afternoon.
Father Gleason was speaklrfg of the
growth and prosperity of the League
and the discouragement given by the
men who should have lent it a helping
hand and assisted.it at every turn.
He spoke of the struggles of the
members of the League in the begin
ning and how after much opposition the
League now numbered thousands, and
it was at this point of the address that
General Barnes was so caustically
mentioned.
Father Gleason referred to the time
two years ago when Barnes had se-
verely criticised the League. He de
nounced Barnes in the strongest terms.
"This man," he said, "made an at
tack on the League of the Cross while
that institution was yet in its infancy.
He stated in the papers under his own
name that the League of the Cross
was a nuisance and a stench in the
nostrils that should be suppressed by
the people of the State of California.
"That man who calls himself general,
for the Lord only knows where he got
the title, for he waa only In the war
three months, has found out that the
League of the Cross Cadets is here to
stay. It is prospering and in
tends to prosper and is now an insti
tution that ihs people of California are
only too proud of, and only too anxious
to have them participate in the mili
tary portion of the parades that march
through our streets.
"Surely the League is 6onoethlng to
be proud of when General Warfield
and General Jamrs stated before ten
thousand people that the League was
far ahead of the National Guard of
California in military tactics.
"The remark of General Barnes could
only be inspired by jealousy and only
minds guided by the star of bigotry
could have sentiments of that peculiar
kind."
Father Gleason then concluded his
address after complimenting the pro
moters and directors of the League.
The essay contest was most interest-
Ing and the papers read showed
thought nnd were remarkably clever
for youths of the age that they were,
none of them being over eighteen.
The participants In the contest were
William Walsh <>f St. Rose"s Parish.
John Satoro of eld St. Mary's and J.
J. Hussan of St. Joseph's. Oeorge
Sweeney from St. Patrick's Parish was
prevented from participating by seri
ous illness.
Cadet Walsh carried off the honor,
which was a silver medal and words
of praise, as he was declared by the
judges, Fath-r Dempsey, Miss Agnes
Regan and \Y. F. Humphrey, to have
delivered with best style and diction
his paper on "Temperance, the Foun
dation of True Manhood." Father
O'Ryan presented the young man with
the coveted medal amid the applause
and cheering of those assembled.
Father Riordan, brother of Arch
bishop Riordan, and Father Yorke
were the guests of honor.
The programme In full was as fol
lows:
Opening hymn and prayer, "Come Holy
Ghost;" remarks by chairman. Major D.
C. Deasy; piano solo, Miss Georglana;
drawing for essays; first essay: banjo
duet. Sergeant Dougherty and Mr. Tor
res, L. C. (".: sooond essay: hymn, "Amer
ica," audience: third essay: calrlonet solo,
Max Walton (leader Li. C. C. Band); com
icalities, W. If. Lang: address, Father
Gleason; awarding of medal to winner;
closing hymn. "Te Deum." audience; ac
companist, Miss Georglana,
An Au Bevoir Banquet.
Frank B. Ryan, for many years in the
employ of Wells, Fargo & Co., secretary
of California Parlor of the Native Sons,
one of the most popular members of the
order, sailed last week for the Klondike,
and on the eve of departure was ten
dered an au revoir banquet by his per
sonal friends. There were many expres
sions of regret that he had decided to seek
new fields and the hope was expressed
that he would soon return, rich in the
world's goods. Those present were Jonn
F. Bernard, C. A. Boldeman, A. F. Cordes,
A. Dalton Jr., Al Davis, Ben Davis, Leon
Dennery, James P. Dockery, John L. Her
get, James J. Jamison, H. A. Kuchmeis
ter, Ed Lunstedt, Henry I.unstedt, Frank
\V. Marston, R. W. Martland, R. H.
Morse, W. W. Shannon, W. H. Staniels
and W. M. Wrenden and the follow
ing specially invited guests: Frank B.
£>'*"• J. A. Jenkins, Gus Homen and J.
E. Niebage.
WELTER-WEIGHT CONTEST.
Interest Greatly Increasing Over the
Coming Contest Between
Green and Ryan.
Sporting circles are becoming greatly
interested in the approaching welter
weight contest to be given under the au
spices of the National Club at Wood
ward's Pavilion on February 25.. The
contestants are "Tommy" Ryan of Syra
cuse and George Green of this city, and it
should prove highly interesting because
tne latter is extremely . anxious to re
trieve his lost laurels and the former has
no desire to lose those which he has al
ready won.
.Ryan arrived here last Thursday even
' ing, and that he meant business was
evinced by the fact that he got up the
next morning at 6 o'clock and by 9 he
iTo nJ r,? c l kla nd and training at the Re
„♦ "R.n'^'n 11 6 fs Warding at the house
or .tHlly, JDe'aney ana rooms with Jef
trles, and between the two he is sure to
be well handled. When seen yesterday
he said: "I do not put Green up too
cheaply on account of the result of his
battle with Walcott, because he has other
victories to his credit- which, to mv mind,
more than overbalance that defeat."
>Ji£ c■e ■ ♦i rut x of this statement is seen
,% om the , fact that ' Green won from
bhadow Maber in three rounds, and it
took Ryan nine rounds- to perform the
same ceremony. Ryan fought McKeever
a twenty-round draw, and Green put the
latter, gentleman to sleep in eighteen
rounds. Ryan ; has fought "Mysterious"
liilly Smith on six occasions, with four
draws, and Green made the latter quit at
Carson, in eleven rounds. One chance in
favor of Green is that he will be free of
the constant worry he gives way to when
he is obliged to get down to a stipulated
weight. ■ The present contest being at i
catch-weights will tend to relieve his
mind in that regard and leave him fancy
free.
Green will probably weigh 154 pounds,
while his antagonist will tip the scales at
an even 150.
It is said that after Ryan had donned
the gloves with Jeffries in practice, he
gave utterance to these words: "If I had
your physique, height, weight and hitting
power, with my science and experience,
we'd skin 'em all," which, of course, was
quite a tribute to both these exponents i
of the manly, art. [
TWO FRAUDS EXPOSED.
Man and Woman Victimizing Mem
bers of the Caledonian Club.
After the meeting of the Caledonian
Club had adjourned Friday night the
members got to talking among themselves
and it soon developed that several of
I thfm had been victimized in the same
way.
A man and woman have been calling
at their houses representing themselves
as natives of Scotland In hard luck. Their
story is that they are strangers in the
city, and the husband being unable to
obtain work they and their family were
starving. They were compelled todisposeof
their wedding presents, and if they could
only get $.j as a temporary loan they
would leave some of their wedding pres
ents as security.
In most cases they were successful in
getting the mone'-. and it was afterward
found that the alleged presents were not
worth 6 cents. The club will send out
warning to all members to look out for
the frauds, who, it is said-, have been
working other cities with the same trick.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I A VB| Tim
London Graphic \
<
) states that the sale of cocoa has increased in the
I British Isles enormously in the last few years ■
I and the time will come when it will entirely
,' supplant tea. The trouble with tea is that
| its protracted use plays havoc with the diges-
tion and nerves of most people, while cocoa
is sustaining and digestible and has no ob-
jectionable effects. ~
GHIRARDELLVS
COCOA,
\ the fresh Pacific Coast cocoa, is the favorite
• ) cocoa of all and always the freshest— 32 cups
) 25 cts. F
< < With every can of cocoa is given
( . iby your grocer a sample cake of
) S Ghlrardelli's delicious Monarch
\ (>( > chocolate. . •
I when " unwell," for pains, obstructions,
I and irregularities peculiar to the sex. ■«
'" Recommended by the leading French
Specialists for diseases of women ; Supe-
rior to Tansy, Pennyroyal and injurious
drugs. One bottle of Apioline Capsules
lasts three months. Sold by all drug-gists,
or by mail, $ . Box 20S1, N. Y. Post Office. ■
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
'^ great Mexican Remedy: gives health and
strength to the sexual . organs.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQuS
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. .
From September 10, ii>y7, . trains will run as
follows: ; -...■•■■•• ■; • ■ •
""Southbound.. | Northbound. ~
Dally, v! Exc'p'& -~—^ Exc'p'ui D;illy.
7:20 a.m. || ££ £?%°? 3:45 o.m. 6-40 nm ■■
w.mt m - P-m-' Merced BtSUpiS i'MvSi
11 Jna"™-, J:3oa.m. 2:M p.nt
11 a.m.l 5:20 p.m. Hanford .; :45 a.m. 1:15 p.m.
1^:15 p.m. „ 0:45 p.m. Vlsalia U:4U a.m 12-40 dml
Stopping at intermediate po Intaj^en requfred'
r- Cl x" ne i tlO T ns 7; At Stockton with steamboats of
ai^\ £} V 9°- leavin « ' San ■ Francisco and
Stockton at 6 p. m. . daily ; at * Merced with
stages. to and from Snellings. Coultervllle. etc.
also i with «age for Hornitog, Mariposa. etc ;
at Lankershlm with stage to and from Madera.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, Commencing September
19, 1897.
WEEK DATS.
For Mill Valley and : San Kafael— »7:2s, ' »9:30
11:30 a. m.; -1:45. 3:45, ••■•5:15, 6:00, 6:30 p. m
£-xtra trips ' ' for ' San Rafael .on Mondays
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
_ >••• ;>■ '-'- ■ :.-: SUNDAYS.' • . - , • .
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »10.00
•11:30 a. m. : 3:00, «4:30, «:15 p. m.
-.- Trains marked '*. run *to San Quentln.
•-'■ . TH ROUGH ■ TRAINS. :-,
7:25 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tions : : 1:46 p. Im. : Saturdays (mixed train) for
Duncan Mills and way stations; 8:00 a. m.
Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations.
-' ' :'■:■-" :■:'■ ' ..-• ■.»TT:^"v w ": i ~
ADVERTISEMENTS. _- _„ _ : . ...: .
£ DRY GOODS COMPANY. 3
I WASH GOODS ANNOUNCEMENT i
j, '. . . . — <a :
ZZ New Choice Lines of SUMMER WASH FABRICS are arriving 3
; «^ daily, of which we invite your inspection. r^»
£ FRENCH ORGANDIES, plain grounds, open work =5
; J^: grounds, striped or checked, and plain grounds -^|
!fc striped or barred. ........... 40c per yard r3!
SCOTCH ZEPHYR GINGHAMS for Waists 25c per yard =S
!fc CRASH SUITING, "colored stripe" 20c per yard :25
GOLF MADRAS, "colored checked effects" 163 C per yard 3
fc COREAN MADRAS,, beautiful c010ring5 ........ . 122 C per yard 3
fc A Choice Assortment of the NEW SHADOW ORGANDIES. 15c per yard 3
S= 36-inch PUNJAH PERCALES, in light, medium and 3
££ dark c010ring5................ ...122C per yard 3
fc ~ — 3
•^ SAMPLES SENT ON APPLICATION. =^
&Z MAIL ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED. E^|
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY I
SE. Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts. (Union Square), San Francisco. 13
\ I
i >
A newspaper reporter in St. Louis consulted his friend, a young physician, about
a stomach difficulty that had caused him a good deal ot trouble, when the doctor
su:j: "Yo i eat 100 much, and too fast, and at irregular hours. You will never
be well until you reform your habits. There is no use of your blowing in your
money tor doctors' bills. What you require is
Ripans Tabules
I have been Investigating the formula, and know It to be an excellent remedy. ■
The Tabules will do tor you all that I can." So on thi* advice the reporter
relates: "1 tried the Tabnles, and soon became enthusiastic over, the results. The
work of these little T-ibules wasanarvelous. Although the doctor said I would
never be well, they HAVE cured*me completely. It is six weens since I have
had any trouble at all, and lam feeling like c fighting-cock. Ripans Tabules f ;,;• , V
are a wonderful remedy, wonderful." ■ 1 J
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NOITIIIIIV PACIFIC (OUI'A.Mf.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
TiHlua Irnii' :>■■<! hit <l«i«" to »rrlf« Mi
SAN IKVN(IS(O.
. (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From January 1, 1398. — arrive
" •G:OOa Nilcs,San Jose and Way Stations... »8:45 a
7:OOa Kii:ioi3, Sulsun end Sacramento. . . . 10<43a
TiOOa. MaxysTillc, UroTilloand Redding via
Woodland 8:4»p
7:OOa Vacavillo and Iluuisey 8:43p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo, Nopa,
Callatoga and Santa Itosa 6:15p
8»«Oa Atlantic impress, Ogilcn and Knat.. 8:4.1p
M'UOa Nilen, San .l.wo. Stockton. lone,
Sacramento, Mnrysville, Chlco,
TcUainanndßedltliifr 4«l»r
•H:3o.\ Peters, Milton andOakdale.... "7:15p
U:«m>a New Orleans Kiprvc a, Merced, Ray.
iriu.ii, I'resno, LSakcrsliolil. Bmiw
- I tin I Mini, l.os AiiKclcs, Deininp,
El 1.ir... New Oilcans and _tu>t. oi4>tp
9:OOa Vu!l j., Martinez, Merced »nd
Fresno 12:1
•l:OOp Sacramento Hiver Stunmern «O:OOp
lsOOp mm, Han Joso and Way Stations.. t«:l»A
I :3Oi> Martinez ami Way Ktaticiua 7:43p
2:OOr LiTermore, Mcndota, Hanford and
Vi3alia 4:15 v
I.i vf .:.:.. . Sac Joss, Niles and Way
Stations 110:13*
4:»»p Martinet, Kan Uamoii, Vallejo,
. Nu|>a, i '.lli.siu^ii. 1.1 Verauo and
Siintii Kosu »il»v
4iO»p Benicia, Vocaville, Woodland, . :
, Knights Landing, Marjaville, Oro-
ville and Suci'iiiiu'iilo.... 10:45 a
4iSOp Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:1
4:BUp Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Bcrend*,
\ . Fre3no. Mojavo (for Randsburg),
Santa liarliara and l.o» Aucclos.. T:ln
4i»Op Santa Fo Kciitc. Atlantic lCxpreu
for Mojuvu ami Kant 6:43p
1I3:3Op " Sunset Limited," Lee AiiKelas El
Paso, Fort Worth, Little Kock, St. .
Louis, Chicago and East §10:15 a
W.1:8»p " Sucsct Limited Annex," El Paso.
New Orleans and East ...\......;. §IO:I3a
OiOOi'Kuroiiuun Moil, <>t'.l«., and Must.... S:4Sa
6:00p Uiij ivanlH. Nil«« mid Han .lose 7:45*
t«:OUp Vallojo 17:45 P
S:UW|> yivgoii J':x|>reHS,Hucruiiiei)to, Marys-
ville, lleririiiig, IVitlan.l, l'm-et
". Hound and I'ast ...... ........ 8:1Ba
SAX IiKANUIIO AMI IIAI'WAIM>S LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
<*6iooaT~ ~ -.■■. . ■ . ~7 THali
R:0Oa Mcl rose, Seminary Park, »*»:4. f i A
1 O.oOa Htcliuurg, Elmliurst, J^ls-
•J ' : <>j>A San I,*iui<lro, South San 18:ia.p
lla:OO . M Lcandro, IMu.lillo, tt|Jg»
<S:iio? Lorenzo, Cherry •< «4:45p
*--ooe ' - «3:43p
B:OOp mid . . O-l.Tp
™% 11-jWHrds. 7:43p
7j«op ■ ' . . 8:4.-, F
HUHte i Klul » through to Nilea. «=•*•'!
.*••!'- r ' From K ilefl, lOjSCi-
ftlitl.tpj nia:OOi
COAST 111 VISION O'nrron <<Hiit:e).
(Foot of Market Street.) y ;
MilnA NewaiU,Ci;nl.(!rvill.-,Tiiin.liiso,l''elto«,
Santa Cruz and Way -
Stations........ ;.;.... ....... »t»«i |
•_«l»pNe«-nrk,H!enl.cr»illK, .San .lose. New
Aiinaden, Felton, lloulder Creek, .
Santa Gnu mid Trine! pal Way
Stations • I •:.".»«
- Newark. .lose and Los Uatos ... 9:80.»
t11:43p Hunters' Excursion, SaD Joao and
Way Stations ..■..;..■;...■■;..... t7:BOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIR FIUNCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. J1:00 '2:00 13:00
•4:00 . t6:00 ;," *6:00 p.m. . - ;
fromOilUND— Foot or Broadway.— "o:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
' 112:00 *1:00 13:00 '3:03 ■ »I:C3 - •*5;00f.n.;
COAST 111 VISION (Broad <jiauge). "
(Third and Townaend Sta.)
Cis3a Han .lose mid \V:iy Stations (New
.■■-■--■■- Almadou Wednesdays only) ...... 0«55a
. OiOOa Sum ■; .I(so, 'I'i.:b I'inos, Msmtii Crux,:
.; racillo drove, l'oso Iloblcs, ■ .San
l.ula Ohlsim, Guado}upo, Surf iuul
I'riiiciiial Way Stations .;.;..:... 4:13 -
IO:4Oa Snu .lose mid Way H|iti0ii5.~........ > *8:OOA'
I1i::Oa So- Joso nn.l Way Stations ....... 8:33 a
•8: So i- San Matco, Redwood, Mculo Park.
•'; Santa Clara, ■,■ Han 'Jose, Gilroy,
. * - Hi. Ulster. Santa Crux, Salinns, •
■ Mcuieicy and I'acillc (Jr0ir0...... «IO:4Oa
•H:l3p San Joso and Principal Way Stations »9:«Oa
•4tl3r San Jose ami Principal Way Station* »:45 * i
•5:OOp San Joso and Principal Way Stations Is3Of ;
5:SOr- San Jose and Principal Way Stations S:SOp ,
6:»0i- San Jose and Way Stations......:.. 7:-0p i
1ll:45i- San JoseandWay 5tat10ii8..:...... ?:20r j
'•' : : A for Morning. :• V for A 1 temoou.
• Bundavg excepted. ! t Sundays only. " t Saturdays only.
- • i\ Monday, Thursday and Saturday night* only*
J Mondays and Thursdays. ' - ::. ■,^ -••■':
I Wednesdays, ami BatunJaifc.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a, m. ; 12:35.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.',
12:45. 3:40, 5:10 p. m. : Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:55 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. : 1:40, 8:40 '
6:00. 6:25 p. m.
Between San . Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. '
Leave In *>fT(vt Arrive
San Francisco. Oot 24. San Fra ~cisea
Week | Sun- T}es___tlo_ Sun- 1 Week
Days, daya. "e st * aa »on dayg> [ flay^
7:30 a.m. 8:00 a.m. 'Novato, 10:40 a.m.) 8.40 a.m.
8:30 p.m. 9:30 a.m. Petaluma, 6:10 p.m. [10 :25 a.m.
5 :10 p.m. s :oUp.m. Santa Rosa. 7:85 p.m. ' 6:22 p.m.
. ______
Fulton,
T^Oa.m. Windsor, 10:25 a.m.
Healdsburgr,
Lytton.
■Geyserville,
8:30 p.m. 8:00 a.m. Cloverdale 7:85 p.m .: B:2ap.m.
j | Hopland and | "
7 :30 a.m. iS •00a.m. I Uklah. | 7:85 p.m. 8:22 p.m.
 7:aoa.m.| \~ 10:25 a.m.'
- 3 :00 a.m. Guerneville. 7:35 p.m.
8:50 p.m. j 6:23 p.m.'
7 :30 a.m. 8 :00 a.m. Sonoma 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
and
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7:50a.m.)8:00a.m.) op ta ..- nn |10:40a.m.|10:25a.m.
B:Sop.m. 5:00p.m.l Seoaatcpol. [ 7:35p .-,.| 7:22 p.m.
- Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Hopland for V-
Highland . Springs. Kelseyville. Soda Bay, f
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for
Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes,
Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hull ville. Boonville.
Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort
Bragg, -Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ;'- ■■ ■ .
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— oso Market street. Chronicle
building. .
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN,
Pres.' and Gen. Manager. ' Gen. , Pass. Aprt.
Plil§liii CALIFORNIA
i@t^lf-|i! ; limited.
jSfMmfflp ;f il SAN FRANCISCO
aHlßßiliißf^i!; to
• -m---^--?^! ii a CHICAGO.
Leaves San ; Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
' SATURDAYS.
Carries first-class : passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawlng-Room Sleepers.
3% days to Chicago, 4V4 days to New YorK.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m., carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast time. Direct connection in Chicago ana
Kansas City for all Eastern points,
v. Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office. 644 Mantel
street. Chronicle building, Telephone Main
JF.2O. Oakland office, 1118 Broadway. Sacra-
mento of lice, 201 J street. . San Jose, 7 west
Santa Clara street. . • • • ,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
" ; ";" ■•? '■ . (Via Sausalito Ferry)- : -.----
Leave San Francisco, commencing Novem-
ber 13. 1597: . '
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., I:4a p. m. ■ ■-•:
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m. <"
Round trip from Mill Valley, »1. .„ .
THOS. COOK - & SON. ' Agents. 621 Market
•treet, San-Francisco.SEVERELY
CRITICIZES
THE CLUBS
Strong Language of
Dr. Coyle in the
Pulpit.
Fraternal Societies Can
Be a Menace to
Homes.
A Devotee of Clubs Has No
Home and No Place of
"Worship.
PAINE'S SONG PARODIED.
They Are Responsible for Thousands
of Young Men Ignoring
Church.
Oakland Office of San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 16.
Rev. Dr. Coyle concluded his series
of sermons to-night relating to the rea
sons why young men are not found in
the churches. The speaker, having on
previous Sunday evenings discussed
the reasons sent him by young men. re
ferred to his ideas of their absence.
"In the first place," he said, "I do not
blame the theology of the churches. I
glory in its orthodoxy. Pliable convic
tions would not command respect, and
backbone is required in the pulpit of
to-day. The church must adjust itself
to the methods of the age. Saloons and
music halls are open all the time, but
the church little more than once a
week. Let the church open to the
young man the door to a Christian
home, let it be a club and a college to
him. let it tell him what to do, let the
church give him brotherhood, comrade
ship and practical help, and much
would be done to solve the question
■which we are discussing.
"Again, the growth of materialism
has helped the prevailing spirit of in
difference of young men toward the
church. Not a little of it must be laid
to the door of parental neglect and the
ignoring of family worship.
"When I think the club— and I use
the word in its broadest sense to cover
lodges and fraternities and brother-
B of all kinds — I think the club is
responsible for a good share of the pre
valent church neglect. We have fallen
upon the club age, and a facetious
newspaper writer declares that the
time is not far distant when the old
lyric will be revised thus:
Club, club, sweet, sweet club;
Be it ever so humble
There's no place like the club.
"In £ar too many instances the club
ha? become a substitute for the home,
and that which crowds out the home
(a rrnre than likely to crowd out the
church. No doubt there is a legitimate
place for organizations of this sort, but
where carried too far and allowed to
take the place of home and church they
become demoralizing. They cultivate
selfishness, clannishness and have a
tendency to narrow and circumscribe
human sympathies. I have had some
opportunity for observation, and on
the basis of what I have seen I feel
perfectly justified in saying that the
devotee of the club has no home and ny
church. I am convinced that if a cen
sus were taken it would be found that
thousands of our young men owe their
absenteeism to the club.
"In bringing these talks to a close,
therefore, I cannot do a wiser thing,
a better thing, for you as young men
out in the rough and tumble of life, be
set by a thousand temptations, than to
invite you and urge you and appeal to
you to become disciples of this Christ
who lived and died and triumphed as a
young man and is forevermore the
young man's friend."
COON CARNIVAL
AT THE CALIFORNIA
The Black Patti's Troubadours
Break Sabbath With
Success.
Inspiring Dances and Choruses and
an Especial Hit for Ernest
Hogan.
Rfssleretta Jones' smoked troubadours
came to town last night and there was a
hot time. We have had Ethioplc special
ists before now, buck dancers, pickanin
ny brass-blowers, cake pedestrians, nat
ural born nigger minstrels and all-wool
operatic warblers, but never such a com
bination of cultured mokes and wenches
as that which broke Sabbath at the Cali
fornia last night. Everything that ever
happened in the, coon line is in this show
—from Sisieretta herself, the only black
and-blue Patti, to Alice Mackay, the
squash-colored Calve: from George Wil
liams, the stained-Irish policeman, to Er
nest Hogan, the colored Chevalier, the
man who wrote "All Coons Loik Alike to
Me." There Is even a coon Chinese. The
musicians and a bulldog are all who are
not coons. The bulldog knew his part
last night, but the band made a wild
muss of trying to keep time and pace
with Mr. Hogan's dangerous, razor-edged
lyrics. White men were at a discount.
The whole show is so unlike anything
else on earth that it is worth seeing from
end to end. but the best fun is in the
opening Skit called "At Jolly Cooney Isl
and." Here liugan. who is a wonderfully
funny fellow, sings any number of good
songs: Miss Mattie Philips sings "Mr.
Johnson, Turn Me Loose," with the
real crappy voice, and dances a lopper-
Jointed coon dance with an abandon that
Is only too authentic, and everybody joins
In and lends an expert foot to the medley
of buck dances and a strong, telling
voice to the choruses. The chorus work
In the coon songs Is the best that has
been heard here; It has the swing and the
sweotness, and the ilghie and shades of
tone are delighffully managed.
Black Pattl comes later on the pro
gramme and an Ardltti waltz,
"Comin' Thro' the Rye" and "The Old
Folks at Home" with notable fluency arid
with some sympathy in spite ctf a wiry
tone. Then comes a lively cake walk
and another installment of Mr. Hogan In
several of his newest songs and several
of his oldest jokes.
The evening ends with thirty minutes
of opera, in which Sissierctta and the en
tire company, clad in the operatic cos
tumes of all nations, range easily from
the Lucia Sextette to the Aye Maria
fashioned on Masragrni's Intc-rmezxo.
Bobbed His Cabin.
William Piekorn, 2910 San Bruno road,
reported to the police yesterday that
durinjr the night some one had broken
into the cabin of his boat at Thirty-sec
ond avenue, Bay View, and had stolen
everything in it. Among the articles
stolen were a double-barreled shotgun, a
single-barreled shotgun, six boxes of car
tridges, an alarm clock and several arti
cles of clothing and provisions.
GERMAN DAY AT THE FAIR.
fhe German Choral Societies Ren
dered a Most Excellent
Programme.
It was German day at the Mining Fair
yesterday, and in the evening a large
crowd was in attendance. During the
afternoon a sacred concert was given by
Bennett's Band under the direction of
Professor Rogers and was greatly en
joyed.
The evening's programme consisted, be
sides the regular numbers by the band, of
four selections sung by the German Sing
ing- societies of the city. These were:
"The Sabbath Day," "The Forest," "How
Have I Loved Thee" and "The German
Song-." The societies represented were
the Eentracht, iviannerchor, Teutonia,
Freundschaft, Hermann Sons and Har
monic Verein, all under the direction of
Professor J. R. Higgles.
It is needless to say that the programme
was an artistic success, and that the
singing of the societies was in the na
ture of a musical triumph. They were
accorded a warm welcome by their many
friends, who were out in force.
The special feature for to-night will be
the great cake walk between Milton
Johnson of Oakland and Anderson
Shields, the champion of the Northwest,
for $100 a side.
Rev. Franks S. Ford of the Christian
Church, or. Twelfth street, near Howard,
has accepted the offer of the management
to perform the Klondike wedding on to
morrow night.
The following is the musical programme
for to-day:
AFTERNOON.
Overture. ' 'Zampa' ' b Herrold
Ballet. 'Sylvia" Delibes
(ai "Waltz Lento." (b) "Pizzicato."
Selection, "Glrofle, Glrofla" 1-e Cocq
Paraphrase. "Maryland" Heineman
Comic Tattoo. "A Musical Strike".... Fahrbach
Intermission.
"Suite Feramoss" Rubinstein
Solo for cornet
W. B. Rogers.
Waltz, "Wiener Bon Boo" Strauss
Spanish Serenade. "Lolita" Lan&e
March, "Yosemlte" Hetzel
EVENING.
Overture. "Poet and Peasant" Suppa
Tarantelle Julliene
Sketch, "Whistling Coon" Devere
Intermission.
"Polonaise Milltaire"... Chopin
Ten Minutes With the Minstrels Bowron
Solo for cornet
W. B. Rogers.
Selection. "Chimes of Normandy". ..Planquette
March, "Uncle Sam" Katzenstein
POWER OF AGENT LIMITED.
Hughes' Dishonest Transaction the
Subject of a Supreme Court
Decision.
A decision was rendered by the Su
preme Court Saturday which limits the
power of an agent to perform the duties
intrusted to him and nothing more.
The case which the higher court was
called on to decide grew out of the dis
honest acts of a man in San Jose, named
Hughes, whom a Mrs. Emma S. Hunt
of this city authorized to procure $500
on a mortgage on a piece of property she
owned in San Jose, at not more than 9
per cent per annum. Hughes found in
a Mrs. Margaret E. Walsh of that place
a person who was willing to take up this
mortgage. Consequently he notified Mrs.
Hunt, who went to San Jose and signed
the necessary papers to perfect the mort
gage, leaving the document in the hands
of Hughes to be delivered to Mrs. Walsh
and the $500 to be forwarded to her as
soon as he got it. This Hughes did, but
he did more, for he changed the face of
the document and also the conditions of
the promissory note from $500 to $1200,
and also the rate of interest from 9 per
cent to 10 per cent. In this condition the
transaction stood for one year and until
Hughes left for parts unknown. Then
the true condition of affairs dawned upon
the two women, and neither would give
in.
The result was that an action for fore
closure against the property was com
menced for the fuJl amount of $12' X» at the
rate of 10 per cent.
The Superior Court in San Jose gave
judgment for this amount, holding 1
Mrs. Hunt liable for the acts of her
agent. From this decision she appealed
to the Supreme Court, which body re
versed the judgment of the Fan Jose
court so far as the figures went that were
put in by the dishonest agent, and held
that Mrs. Hunt was not liable for his
act of forgery, but was responsible for
the amount she authorized him to secure
the mortgage for: namely, $500 at 9 per
cent interest. By this decision Mrs.
Widsh is out $700 and her expected 1 per
cent over what Mrs. Hunt had agreed
to give.
The decision was written by Justice
Van Fl^et and concurred in by Justices
Harrison and Garoutte.
SAILORS' INSTITUTE OPENING.
Rev. Father Wyman Delivers the
Address at the First Meeting 1 .
The Seamen's Catholic Institute opened
Its doors to the sailors last night for the
first time before a large gathering, and
Father Wyman, the Superior of the Paul
ist Fathers on this coast, made the open
ing address, in which he outlined the ob
jects of the institute and its purposes.
The rooms are large, comfortable and
airy and are located at No. 9 Mission
street. On the tables of the reading
room will be found the dally as well as
the weekly papers, monthly magazines
and a variety of interesting books may
also be had on the library shelves.
Games are also provided for those who
wish to pass the time in recreation.
Sailors desiring information and even le
gal assistance may obtain it here on ap
plication.
Letters will be written for those who
desire such a service free of cost, also
stationery will be furnished free to all
who wish to write.
A lecture will be given every Sunday
night at S o'clock, to which all will be
welcome. Special lectures will also be
given at other times. It affords to sail
ors, without distinction on account of
race color or creed, a meeting-place
where the leisure hours may be spent
pleasantly and profitably.
MARKET - STREET BURGLARY.
Tailoring Apartments of Grennan
Bros. Looted Saturday Night.
When Thomas Grennan, of the firm of
Orennan Bros., tailors at 850 Market
; street, opened his shop on Sunday morn
' ing he lound there was less stock than
when he had left on Saturday night.
Some burglar or burgl.'irs had quietly
! opened the door with a skeleton key and
' had abstracted from the showcase all the
1 clothes that had been made up for cus
■ tomers. and some belonging to the mem
1 bpis of the firm. The proceeds of the
' robbery consisted of two business suits
i belonging to Thomas and a dress suit
| and silk-lined overcoat, the property of
! his brother ilatthew, besides six pairs of
I trousers which were ready to be deliv
ered to customers on Monday.
In addition to this the bold burglars
took a box of furnishing goods, valued at
I $30. belonging to a man who was going to
| Klondike, and this the firm will have to
i make good. The total value of the goods
j stolen was about $250.
The thieves showed their fastidious
i taste by stealing only silk-lined gar
i nients, and Grennan hns not yet discov
! ered whether they took any of the bolts
I of cloth.
The police were notified, but up till a
! late hour last night the burglars had not
I been apprehended.
Seriously Injured.
Mrs. Magdalen Van Tassell, an old lady
living at 1255 Montgomery avenue, was on
her way to St. Francis Church yesterday
afternoon when she slipped on the side
walk at Montgomery avenue find Union
street and fell heavily to tho ground. She
was taken to the Receiving Hospital in
the ambulance, where Dr. Bunnell found
that her left hip was fractured and she
was suffering from the shock to her sys
tem.
Dole on the Way Home.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6.-President Dole
and his party ceased to be the guests of
the nation to-night at 7:20 o'clock, when
he started for Buffalo, and thus began
his return journey for the Hawaiian Is
lands. The President arrived at the
Pennsylvania station a few minutes be
fore his train was ready and was not
kept waiting, but immediately went to
the nrivnte Pullman car. Coronet, which
he will occupy on his trip to Buffalo.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1898.
JACOB CUUMMINGS JOHNSON.
The funeral of the late Jacob Cummings Johnson, who died suddenly
yesterday morning, will take place from his residence at 10 o'clock tomor
row morning. The Interment v ill be entirely private, and the remains will
be laid. to rest in Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
Rev. Robert C. Foute, the pastor of Grace Episcopal Church, will con
duct the services.
The suddenness of Mr. Johnson's death was the greatest shock to his
relatives and many friends, and all yesterday there was a steady stream of
callers at his residence, who came to offer their condolence and assistance.
His many deeds o-f charity as well as his genial nature had secured to him
a host of friends and dependents, who loved and respected him for his
sterling worth. In his family life he was a man of a kindly and affectionate
nature, and to those who crossed his threshold in a social sense he was the
truest type of genuine hospitality. He will be missed by many, for his
death causes a loss that will be felt in the commercial as well as in the
Bocial circles of this city.
MURDERER BELD
TENANTS A CELL
Notorious Montana Fugitive
Captured in a Wash-
ington Town.
Wanted for the Killing of John
Denny at Whitehall in Sep
tember, 1896.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Feb. 6.— Two weeks ago
Sheriff JViillett of Skagit County jailed a
petty larcenist at Mount Vermin. When
he came to write down the fellow's de
scription he was struck* by his resem
blance to Bert Beld, wanted in Jefferson
County, Mont., for the murder of John
Denny in September, 18%. Sheriff Milletc
learned from another prisoner in the jail
that his suspect could talk Spanish. This
was one of Beld's accomplishments.
Beld was a sign-writer by trade, and
the Sheriff trumped up an excuse and had
his prisoner paint a sign for him. Then
he wrote to the Sheriff of Jefferson Coun
ty, and after an exchange of several let
ters finally convinced that officer that he
had the notorious missing murderer. The
Montana Sheriff was loath to come so
far, because his county had already spent
510,000 in hunting for Beld, and he had
made several long but futile trips after
him.
At last he came, and was so sure that
Sheriff Millett had the right man that he
went to Olympia first for requisition pa
pers, and thence proceeded to Skagit
County and secured his man.
Beld Is accused of one of the most cold
blooded murders in the history of Mon
tana. Ho and Denny were playing bil
liards In a saloon at Whitehall. Beld was
quarrelsome and abusive, and finally
made it po unpleasant for Denny that
Denny refused to play longer and invited
Beld to have a drink and call it square.
Beld accepted, but soon became abusive
again and wanted to fight. The bar
keeper at that point took a hand in the
quarrel and put Beld out. A few minutes
afterward Denny went out. As he stepped
to the door Beld met him and, placing a
revolver at his breast, fired. Denny
staggered back with the Cry "He shot
me!"
The crowd ran outside and Beld, with
a savage oath, ordered them as they
loved their lives to get back. They did
bo and he escaped.
AGED MAN ATTEMPTS TO
KIDNAP TWO CHILDREN
Carries the Youngsters Into a Woods,
but They Escape and Out
foot Him.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 6.— The town of
Kalama was thrown into a fever of ex
citement last night by the report that
two children of Dr. J. C. Darnell had
been kidnaped. Sheriff Kirby and a
posse of men begun an immediate search
for the culprit, but have up to the pres
ent hour failed to run him down.
The children— a boy aged 0 and a girl
aged 7— escaped with no greater injury
than a bad scare. They were playing
near their home in the suburbs of the
town, when at about 5 o'clock in the aft
ernoon, so the children say, they were
met by a man who asked them where
they lived. On being told he suddenly
picked them up, one under each arm, and
ran toward a grove not far away. At
first the children thought the man was
playing with them, and made no resist
ance. On entering the woods they be
came frightened and began to scream.
They were promptly silenced, however,
by having their heads bumped together.
When about three-quarters of a mile
from town the man lost a shoe in the
mud. and, while putting it on again, the
children made their escape. Tne man
chased them for about forty rods, but,
being an old man and badly exhausted
from carrying the children so far. was
easily distanced by the fleet-footed and
terrified children. They described the
man as being tall, slender and old, with
long hair and about two weeks' growth
of beard, ragged and dirty, the toes of
his shoes, worn out, exposing the absence
of the big toe on the right foot.
The motive for the kidnaping is not
clear. Some think tho kidnnper's object
was to hold the children for ransom;
others say the man must be 'demented.
SAVANNAH'S EPIDEMIC
OF CONFLAGRATIONS.
Numerous Costly Blazes Lead to the
Belief that a Firebug is at
Work.
SAVANNAH, Go.. Feb. 6.— Savannah's
epidemic of fire continues. To-night dam
age to the extent of $125,000 was caused
by the conflagration which started in a
hay warehouse on the wharf at the foot
of Jefferson street. The fire started in
the bay In the warehouse and had burst
into a large conflagration by the time the
alarm was turned in. The fire com
municated to several brick buildings on
Bay street and three of them were en
tirely gutted. The heaviest loss was
sustained by Charles Conklin & Co., who
carried a 1100,000 stock of hardware, with
an Insurance of $75,003.
There have been a dozen fires here
within the last two weeks, and there Is
considerable- talk of firebugs.
BOLDLY CHALLENGES THE
ORTHODOX CHURCHES.
Mormonism Throws Down the Gaunt-
let in a Gathering at Brooklyn.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— The Herald will
say to-morrow: Mormonism has chal
lenged the orthodoxy of the day and called
it heterodoxy. This was the gage to the
old Christian churches thrown down on
Sunday by Congressman King o£ Utah,
at the conference of the Mormons of the
Eastern mission in Brooklyn. Much ex
planation of results of Eastern missions
was mada during the two sessions, but
through all of them ran the spirit of
conquest.
There were no apologies for the Mor
monlsm of the past. On the contrary, the
spirit was one of aggressive champion
ship of the Mormon theology. Represent
ative King of Utah, who supported in the
House of Representatives on Saturday
the request for more money for fortifica
tions, appeared as a missionary. He fer
vently declared that he knew the mis
sion had been given to the Mormon lead
ers to prepare the way for the coming
of Christ and the Kingdom of God.
"Mormoftism is a challenge which
meets you on the roadway of life and
compels you to give the watchword of
true Christianity. It compels you to say
whether you are really with God or not.
It challenges the orthodoxy of to-day and
calls it heterodoxy," said he.
"Mormonism has come to make the
whole world one nation, one people and
one faith. It has not come to destroy. It
has come to unite and to show God's will
as it really exists."
Characteristic Mormon hymns were
sung during the services by members of
the Tabernacle choir of Salt Lake City.
Apostle Lyman, who has come from the
Mormon Capital to preach to the Eastern
people, made an address in the evening.
EVIDENCE OF MURDER
ON A RIVER;S BANK.
Blood-Stained Clothing and Docu
ments of John Schiess Found
Near Colfax.
COLFAX, Wash., Feb. 6.— Evidence dis
covered to-day by E. K. Lloyd bears wit
ness to the fact that John Schiess was
murdered in the Valley of the Palouse
months, perhaps years, ago. Who or
what he was is not known.
In the mud of the river bank about a
mile west of here Lloyd to-day discov
ered a pile of clothing. They proved to
be a white shirt and an undershirt rolled
together. In the white shirt were five
sharply cut hole 3, as if made by a sti
letto. Blood surrounded each, and about
the neck of the shirt were large blood
stains. The garments appeared as if
they had long lain in the river. They
were illled with mud. Rolled In them was
a diary and a pocket-book, the latter con
taining two drafts issued by the Banco
de Occident of Mexico, on the Anglo-Cali
fornian Bank of San Franclsco.payable to
John Scheiss, each for Jtiuo, dated May 2,
1592. They were in Spanish. A deed or
contract, also in Spanish, signed by Juan
M. Rubin, and containing the name of
John Schiess, and a certified copy from
the Clerk of Multnomah County, 'Or., of
Schiess' declaration of intention were
found in the book. It was dated Septem
ber 14. 1892.
No one here can read the Spanish docu
ments. The Sheriff has taken charge of
the papers and garments.
MAJOR HESS IS SATISFIED.
His Buttery Transferred to Lime
Point, Which Gives Him a
Separate Command.
By the transferring of Battery L from
Angel Island yesterday to Lime Point
Major Hess finds himself In the position
of having a separate command, or In oth
er war terms, a post of his own, and in
consequence will not be troubled by the
movements of other batteries. It has been
his desire for many months to accomplish
this point and he is now satisfied with
the arrangement.
Battery I. under command of Captain
H. C. Danes and Lieutenant C. N. Foster,
tills the vacancy left by the removal of
Battery L.
The delay of the U. S. S. Alert in get
ting to the Nicaragua canal, where the
surveys are to be made in the near fu
ture, has bern accounted for. The ship
arrived at Acapulco 9 days from this port,
including stops at Pacific Grove and San
Diego, but on account of the sickness of
the executive officer, Lucien Young, it is
not probable that the war vessel will
leave Acapulco for her destination for
many days to come. The sickness of the
officer is supposed to be serious, but the
many friends and acquaintances of the
genial officer are hoping that the reports
have been overdrawn.
To Cure a Cold lr> One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. All
druggets refund tb<» money If it falls to cure.
25c. The venuln" haa U B. Q. on each tablet.
AN EXPENSIVE
CURIOSITY
Mrs. Knox Lost Heavily
by Ignoring Good
Advice.
Her Husband Told Her That
the Yukon Is Not for
Women.
She Intended to Surprise Him, but
it Was a Very Expensive
Whim.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Feb. 6.
Mrs. O. Knox of San Lorenzo, who
went north on the ill-fated steamer Co
rona, is now lamenting that she did
not follow her husband's advice and
stay at home. As a result of her fail
ure to accept Mr. Knox's opinion, she
has lost very heavily.
At the time of the wreck Mrs. Knox's
story of the passengers' hardships on
the island was told, but advicea just
received from Alaska show that if a
woman had taken a man's advice it
would have been better all round.
Some time ago Knox, who lived at
San Lorenzo, went to the Yukon and
built two houses. They are rough af
fairs, but he lives in one and rents the
other for $75 a month. He was doing
very well, and about a month ago he
wrote of his prospects to his wife, and
particularly emphasized the fact that
it was no place for a woman. He made
a special point of impressing this fact
on his wife, and telling her, under no
consideration, to dream of going north.
Mrs. Knox's curiosity was aroused,
and she suddenly determined to give
her husband a surprise party. She was
anxious to see that country which is so
inauspicious for women, and decided
that she could risk it anyhow. She got
together a valuable lot of material and
left for Alaska on the steamer Corona.
Everything was lost, and now Mrs.
Knox repents. She still intends to press
onward, however, and be the chief
guest at that surprise party.
Mrs. Knox's sister, a Miss Stone, was
the iirst woman to cross the Chilkoot.
She made the trip many months ago,
wearing bloomers, and sends word that
she is now employed as a cook and re
ceiving $15 a day for her services.
WILL SOON BE AFLOAT.
The Schoolship Mohican Will
Come Down
To-Day.
The United States training-ship Mo
hican, Commander George M. Book, will
come down from Mare Island to-day
bound away on her eight months' cruise
In the South Pacific. She will lie at
anchor in this harbor for about a month,
or until she fills up the vacancies in her
crew of apprentice boys. The young tars
will be enlisted by Lieutenant George M.
Stoney, U. S. N., at the Naval Rendez
vous, 10 California street, and sent aboard
the vessel, where they will be outfitted
and initiated into Uncle Sam's big sailor
family of blue-shirted nephews. The Mo
hican will stop at Honolulu, when the
boys will catch their first sight of the
islands they are to visit. A run will be
given them ashore, after which the ship
will sail southward to the Society, Friend
ly and other groups of sea-encircled coral
lands. They will continue down the Pa
cific till Samoa Is reached, where they
will remain for some months.
Handball Sports Yesterday.
The attendance at the San Francisco
courts yesterday was good and the play
was up to the usual standard. At Phil
Ryan's San Francisco court, 858 Howard
street, there we're eight stirring games
played between the crack San Francisco
teams. The results were as follows:
N. J. Prendergast and D. J. Sheehan
defeated E. McDonough and E. Lynch.
Score. 21—14, 16-21, 21-18.
M. Basch and D. J. Sheehan defeated
J. R. Bockman and N. J. Prendergast.
Score, 21-13, 15-21, 21-16.
J. M. Kelly defeated A. A. Tobin. Score,
21—16, 18—21, 21—20.
M. McNeil and G. McDonald defeated
D. Rodgers and P. Ryan. Score, 21—14
12—21, 21—17.
R. Housman and E. Barry defeated P.
Ryan and M. Basch. Score, 21—15. 17—21
21-16.
R. Shay and D. O'Brien defeated R.
Shields and C. Ward. Score, 21—13, 14—21
21—19.
S. Hurley and D. O'Neil defeated C.
Fitzpatrick and E. Murray. Score, 21—14
15—21, 21—13.
W. Hamilton and M. Basch defeated
D. McCarthy and M. Joyce. Score, 21—13
15—21. 21—20.
T. F. Bonnet and A. Hampton defeated
J. C. Nealon and R. Linehan. Score
21—16, 15—21, 21—19.
At Shaw's Occidental court. 120 Grove
street, which has been recently refitted
and put into fine condition, the games
were also lively with a renewed vigor
thrown into the play. The scores here
were of a closer result, which would lead
to the impression that the teams were
more evenly matched. They are:
Ben Clements and Al Collins defeated
William Collins and W. Hassell. Score
21—19, 21— IS, 21—16.
Ben Clements defeated Andy Mclnernv
Score, 21-19, 21-19, 21-17. V'Y '
Dan Mahoney and Al Whitehead de
feated William McClain and H. Kennv
Score, 21-17. 21-16, 21-4. y '
M. J. Kilgalion and M. P. Prendergast
were defeated by J. Shaw and W. Jacobs
Score, 21—18, 19—21, 20—16, 21—21, 18—21
M. McClure and E. Toy defeated J
Curley and J. Collins. Score, 21— IS 21—15*
2i_i6, 21-18, 21-12. ' '
Lou Kenny and F. Mulinix defeated E
Antron and W. Craig. Score, 21—18, 21— 12J
J. Sullivan and G. Lanlol defeated W
Coleman and C. Hartshorn. Score 21 lfi'
21-14, 21-10. ' "■
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
James W. Ryan to Jennie A., Louise D and
John C. Brlckell, executors of the estate of
John Brlckell. lot on E line of Van Ness aye
nue, 91:S N of Pacific street, N 45:10 by E 137:6'
Edward Dexter Knight to Agnes V. Nolan
lot on E line of Scott street, 52 S of Saert*
mento. S4Bby E 81:8; $5. •M ° « Sacra-
Leo C. and Emma Williams to Calvin E
Knickerbocker, lot on E line of Cole street
62:6 S of Page. S 25 by E 106:3; $10.
William F. and Louisa Attlnger to Carrie
A. Corbett, wife of Harry E. Corbett, lot on
W line of Aslibury street, 129:9 S of Waller
S 30 by W 186:3: $10. "'
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to J W
Griffith, lot on NE corner of Castro and Lib
erty Btreets, N 26:6 by E 105, quit-claim deed
slo.
John Crawhall to Margaret Crawhall, lot on
N line of Army street, 160 W of Sanche*. W
26:8 by N 114; gift.
William and Catherine Ede to Eva Rose
Barron, lot on S line of Eddy street, 252 E
of Mason. E 23. S 94:6. SW 25:4. N 111:3; $10.
Mary E. Kenny to John J. Kenny, lot on
NW corner of Pacific and Salmon streets W
20 by N 74: gift.
Hannah M. and John L. Ansel to O. W
Grayson, W. J. Owen and J. W. Phillips
(Grayson, Owen & Co.), lot on S line of Ship
ley street, 75 W of Fifth. W 16:8 by S 75; $10
Same to same, lot on BE corner of T street
and Thirty-eighth avenue. E 107:6 by S 100;
also lot on E line of Thirty-eighth avenue
100 S of T street, S 60 by E 120; $10.
J. B. Angus. T. G. Crothers and W. S. Good
fellow, executors of the estate of James O.
Fair, to E. P. Donavon, lot on E line of El
lert Btreet, 100 E of Bennlngton. E 25 by N
112-6 lot 80, block 9, Falr"s subdivision of
Holly Park; »10.
Alameda County.
Harriet B. Ellsworth to Oliver Ellsworth,
lot on S line of Channlng way, 435 E of Col
lege avenue, E 64:6, thence in the arc of a
circle whose radius Is 115:6 a distance of 202.17,
thence S with a reversed curve In the arc of
a circle whose radius Is 991 a distance of 10,
thenoe W 176.36, N 147.02 to beginning, being
lots 13, 14 and 15, Ellsworth tract, Berkeley;
$10.
Mary A. Malline to P. C. and Annie Glud,
the W half of lot 16, block 11, Warner tract,
Brooklyn township; $10.
Martin and Flura Pennock to Paul Cohen,
lot on S line of Washington street, 107 E of
Fruitvale avenue, E 32.33, S SO, W 13.13 N 81.08
to beginning, block 772 of C. C. Clay's subdi
vision uf block 773, an.l fractional blocks 725.
734 ami 747, Levy & Lane, Brooklyn township,
subject to a mortgage; $10.
Juhn 1). Magee to Lillian F. Wilds, lot on S
extremity of East East street, thence N\V 1.23
chains, SW 1.42 chains, NW 7 links, SW 1.4U
chains to S boundary or lot 11, Fruitvale
Homestead Association tract, thence E to E
boundary line of Fruitvale Homestead Asso
ciation tract, thence NB 2.56 chain.-; to berin
ning, being a portion of Fruitvale Homestead
Association tract. Brooklyn township; gift.
Antonio H. and Cresella Berr.al to Joseph
Enos, lot on S line of Division street, with
NW corner, lands of A. C. Sanchez, thence
W 75. S 259.74, E 75. N 259.74 to beginning, be
ing a portion of plot 44. Ro el Valle de San
Jose, Pleasanton, Murray township; $100.
John F. Cooper to John A. Park, lot nn SW
line of Athol avenue, 064.37 NW of Fourth.
SW HS.S6. SE 35.9, NE 147.3. NW 35 to be
ginning, block B, Peralta Heights, Eaft Oak
land; $500.
Rose M. and J. B. Peralta to Bridget Ma
loney, re-record 282 d 173, lot on S line of
Geary or Thirty-ninth street, 100 W of Tele
graph avenue, W 50, S 122:6. E 50, N 125:5 to
I'pginning, being lot 4, blocl; 2071, map of Evoy
Hot, Oakland annex; $10.
Mary Thompson to Anson S. Blake, trustee,
!' t on S line of Berryrr.an street. 100 W of
Shattuck avenue, W 35 by S 120, block 20,
property Berkeley Villa Association, Berkeley;
$10.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate maximum temperature
for the days; those underneath it, if any, the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow In Inches
and hundredths during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, eciual
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and Is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
flrst appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high In the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Im
probable. With a "high" In the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 6, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same
date last season and rainfall during the past
twenty-four hours:
Past This ' Last
Stations — ' -. .r ■24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.13 19.34 31.12
Red Bluff 0.37 8.51 ' 18.18
Sacramento 0.56 ' 6.42 13.07
San Francisco 0.17 5.66 16.34
Fresno 0.49 2. 50 7.7S
San Luis Obispo ........ 0.42 3.38 14.96
Los Angeles 0.02 .3.79 11.33
San Diego 0 3.32 ' 7.86
Yuma 0; 1.26 4. 51
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60; minimum, TO; mean, 55.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
A storm of considerable energy Is central
to-night over Washington and Vancouver
Island. A pressure of 29.34 Inches Is reported
at Port Angeles. Rain has fallen generally
over the Pacific Coast, with high southerly
and southeasterly winds. There has been a
rapid rise in pressure during the past twenty
four hours over Montana and Asslnnlbola.
The temperature has risen over the country
west of the Rocky Mountains, except over
Washington and |in a small area in Central
California.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Fort Canby, 64 miles. per hour from
the southeast; Portland, 36 south; Seattle, 2G
south; Baker City, 28 southeast, and a gale
at Wlnnemucca. . ■•;'•. ■.■.-'•■'■* ■'■•-r\\
Snow is falling In Utah. .. ■■-":.,''■■■
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending: midnight, Feb. 7, 1898:
Northern California Cloudy weather Mon
day; probably showers; southeasterly winds. .. |
Southern California— Cloudy Monday; prob- 1
ably showers: southerly winds. ■
Nevada— : Monday;' probably rain In
extreme northern portion; cooler north.
Utah — Cloudy, Monday, : with snow, probably
turning into rain; warmer north.
Arizona Cloudy Monday; probably showers.
San Francisco and — Cloudy Monday;
probably showers: fresh . southerly wind. ■
Special report from Mount Tamalpals. taken
at 5 p. m. — Dense fog: wind south. 40 miles;
temperature, 45; maximum. 45. . •
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
February. 189 S.
i
■ 7 -8
14 15
IF IT
28
\"e
9
16
23
4
11
18
25
I ?
Moon's Phases.
©Full Moon,
\£) Feb6.
Last Quarter
vL<. ■V Feb. U.
a New Moon, ■
W Feb. 20.
v
3 F!
'Irs
I
yuarter,
■h. 2S.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
rresinem
Bristol
Burma
Arena :.:......
North Forte....
City of Para...
State or Cat.'. . .
Peter Jebsen...
Empire . :
Weeott . :.....
Santa Rosa.;...
Mar1p05a......;
Walla Wa11a....
Homer
Welllncrton
Coos Bay .:....
Australia.......
Yaqulna Bay... .:
Departure 8ay...... ......
Nanaimo.
Coos Bay... .........
tiumooidt ...
Panama ....'..........
Portland ...; ;
Nanaimo
Coos 8ay., ....:: : . . .
Hnmboldt.'. .'
San Ulesro
Sydney
Victoria and Pugret Snd.. .
Newport....' :........
Departure 8ay.......'...;.
I Newport.,. .....".*.. !
I Honolulu I
A1a5ka..;... ..:. j
| China and Japan .....V.. •
' P0rt1and ;..............:... I
'Feb 7
Feb 7
Feb 7
Fob 7
Feb 7
Feb '8
Feb 9
Feb 9
Feb 10
Feb 10
Feb 10
Feb 10
Feb 11
Fob 11
Peb'll
Fob 13
Feb 12
Feb 12
Feb 13
Feb II
Excelsior
Gae1ic .........
Columoia
STEAMERS TO SAIL
Stkamer. I Destixatiox
A Blanch r(3 San Pedro —
Columbia.. Portland
Homer Humboldt
Pomona... Snn Dlojro
Snn Bins... I Panama
Alliance... .-1 Alaska
Are:ita. .. Coos Hay
President.. Yaqutna Bay.
CltyPuebla VicfcPgrtSud
WhUolaw . i A 1a5fca. .......
City of Rio Chtnn&Japau
State of Cal Portland
Santa Rosa San D:egro —
Weeott Humbklt Bay.
Feb T. i PMlPler 13
Feb 7. 10 a ji ! Pier 21
Feb T. 10 ah i Pier 9
Feb 8. 11 am Pier 11
Feb 8. 12 m PM S3
Feb S. 12 m Pier 3
Feb 8, 10 jlm ; Pier B
!Feb 8. 10 AMiPler 2
iFeb 10, 10 AM Pier 9
IFeb 10 iPter 8
Feb 12. 1 pmPM SS
jF(?b 12. 10 A>r Pier 2*
I Feb VI, 11 am Pier U
Feb I?, y am Pier 13
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrof*raphlo
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison nnd reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dancers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commnrco.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and is dropped at noon. l»Oth meridian
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mart
Island. Cal.
A notice stating wheth— tne time ball vai
dropped on time or giving th« error, if any, Is
published the same day by the afternoon pa
pers, and by the morning papers the MlmTlng
day. W. S. HTTaHES.
Lieutenant. V. 8. N., In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Height! of High and Low
Waters at Port Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both place*.
FEBRUAKY-13'J8.
Monday. February 7.
Snn rises 7:OT
Sun eets... '." ..............5:41
Moon rises.:...: 6:51 P M
u,Tlmej Fp p t !
r H w!
Feet Tlme Feet
H W
Time
$
0:51
l:M
| 1:44
2:17
C:l4
7:01
7:52
8:44
I 9:49 i
2.1
1.8
1.4
1.0
O.S
12:
1:1
l:i
! 4
NOTE.— In the above extiosltlon of the tld*s
the early morning tides are given In the Wt
hnnd column nnd the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second lime column gives the second tide of
the day. thp third »lme column t*ie third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tl'le of the day. except when there are but
three tides, ns sometime* occurs. The heights
Riven are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Purvey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height and
then the number given Is subtractlve from the
depth (riven by the charts. __
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
ARRIVED.
Sunday. February 6.
Stmr City of Puebla. Jepson. — hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports; pass and
mf!fc to Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagarlund. 23 hours from
Whitesboro; ties and stavebolts, to L E White
Lumber Co.
Sttr.r Gipsy. Lelanrl, 24 hours from Moss
Landing, etc. ; produce, to Goodall. Perkins &
Co.
Stmr Pomona, Cousins, 60 hours from San
Diego, etc.; pass and mdc, to Goodall. Perk
ins & Co.
Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson, 16 hours from
Greenwood; up river dlre<-t.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth, 42 hours from
Crescent City: paps and mdc, to Hobbs, Wall
& Co.
Nc.r ship Prince Robert. Hanson. 73 (lavs from
NewcaFtle, NSW; 4140 tons coal, to J D Spreck
els & Bros C<?.
Brig John D Spreokels, Christiansen, 19 days
from Honolulu; sugar, to J D Spreckels &
Bros Co.
Pohr Ida McKay. 8 days from Eureka; 220 M
ft lumber, to McKay & Co.
SAILEP.
Sunday, February 6.
Stmr Coos Eay, Hal!. San Pedro.
Stmr Orizaba, Yon Helms, Guaymas, via Rfr«
dondo.
Bktn Archer, Calhoun, Honolulu.
Schr W H Talbot. Benneche, Port Gamble.
Bark Albert. Griffiths, Honolulu.
Arg bktn Sharpshooter, Wirschuleit. Kahu*
lvi.
Schr Chas E Fnlk. Amlerpon. Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOnos— F*b 6. 10 p. m.— Weather
thick; wind, south, velocity, 20 miles.
SPOKEN.
Per brig J D Sprpckels— Feb 2. 150 miles W
of San Francisco. Br ship Glenpark, from Rio
de Janeiro for Oregon: captain reported he
was coming Into San Francisco on account of
the ship being very foul. Feb 5, 20 miles W of
Point Reyes, Br bark painted lead color, ap
parently bound In.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Feb 6— Stmr Humboltd.
for Dyea and Skaguay.
PORT BLAKKLET- Arrived Feb 6— Schr An
nie M. Campbell, from Newport (S).
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Feb 6— Stmr
Aleatraz. for — .
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb 6— Stmr Jewel,
from Caspar.
Sailed Feb 4— Stmr Pasadena, for Oregon.
VENTURA— Arrived Feb 4— Stmr Geore Loo
mis, hence Feb 5, and sailed for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Feb 6— Stmr Tilla
mook, hence Feb 5.
Sailed Feb 6 — Stmr Coqutlle River, for San
Francisco.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LONDON— Sailed Feb K— Stmr Michigan, for
New York; stmr Mobile, for New York. •
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Feb 6— Stmr Etru
rla. from Liverpool, for New York.
HAVRE— Arrived Feb 6— Stmr La Cham
pagne, from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 6— Stmr La Gas
cogrne, from Havre.
Sailed, from Lower Bay— Stmr La Bretagne,
for Havre; stmr Kaiser Wilhelm 11, for Na
ples, etc.
/^\. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
iSftSfclft''^'* KEAKNYST Established
KflllTittH'" I Bs * { the trpiilmpntof Private
fiAjUoie MB leases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
illseaspwparlnffon bodyandmlndand
f&mKSmga km Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen *
vKaWWiBH olhcrsff ' 11 - Try him. Charges low.
ZT<«Si£salQ£U] <n:f »sunraiil»f J. Callorwrlte.
Or. .1. t\ «. (BBO.X. Bex 957. San Francisco.
OCEAN" TRAVEL.
PHHRBBBfI S. S. AUSTRALIA.
[2m fisallL for HONOLULU only,
i*£nas*w Thursday, February
■ 17. at 2 p. m. Special
f3x>^^ I* A party rates.
SlPJlfnSnlD v The S. S. MARIPOSA'
CytWIWJIIIV ?ails via HONOLULU
(O(Ho3[cy i *' 0 " 15 AUCKLAND for
\wiiif/uiv?) SYDNEY, Wednesday,
February 23, at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPEJ
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market st., San Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Steamers leave Broadway wharf, ytoflfc-
San Francisco, as follows: fiSiSZ
For ports in Alaska, 10 a. m., Feb. 6, 10, 20,.
25, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
Njw - Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.), 10
a. m., Feb. 6, 10, 18, 20, 2", and every fifth day
thereafter, connecting at Seattle with com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at
Taooma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver with
C P. Ry. •-•.■! ,
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), steamer Ho-
mer 2 p. m., Feb. 4, 8, 12, 16, 21, 25; March
1, n, 9, 14. 18. 22, 2«. 30. •
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Ca-
yucos. Port Harford . (Fan Luis Obispo). Gavl-
ota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, ■ San
Pedro, East San Pedro ; (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. Feb. 2. 6. 10, 14, 18, 22, 26,
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m., Feb.' 4. S. 12. 16, 20, • 24, 28, and every
fourth day thereafter. ■ —
For Fnsenada, Maerdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, - Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., Feb. 5:
Mnrch.4, and 2d of each month thereafter..
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of gulltnr.
TICKET OFFICE-Palace Hotel, 4 New
M( GOO°DALL PERKINS ft CO., Gen^Ajrts.,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO •
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE .«12 First Class " Including Berth:
TAKE jt B Second Cln««« nd Meal
• SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California .......iJan. 23, Feb. 2. 12, a
C01umbia........... Jan. 2«. Feb. 7. 17, 27
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appli-
cation to F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
c 630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
■ ■ ■ Superintendents.
i
Compagoie : Generals Transatlantic.
; . French Line to Havre. -
Company's : Pier (new), 42 North ' -m^tt»-
River, foot of" : orton at. Travelers 4pff?Tl\
by this line avoid both transit by ma£n/2&&m
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small - boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via I'tli, first claw $110.
second class $116. - • " • : -
LA BRETAGNK.. December U. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOONK.V. December 18. 10 a. tn.
LA NORMANDIE December 35. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE ....January 1. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE January 8, 10 a. m
For further particulars apply to .:
A. FORGET. Agent.
c.V No. 3,' Bowling Green, New Tor*.
. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 6 Montgom»rj|
aye., San Francisco. ' - ~
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St., at 6
■ --•■•■.■; '- ■-' ' p. m. Daily.
FREIGHT RECEIVED UP TO 5:30 P. M.
! I Accommodations reserved by telephone.
! The only line selling through tickets and glv«
Ing through freight ■ rates to all point* on tb«
Valley Railroad.
■■'?*■:- . ' STEAMERS:
T. C. WALKER, J. D. PETERS,
MARY GARRATT. CITY OF STOCKTON.
Telephone Main 805 Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
For San Jose, Los Gatos& Santa Cruz
- Steamer Alvlso \ leaves Pier ! 1 i dally * (Sunday*
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso dally (Saturdays
excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alvlso, 50o:
to San Joe. 76c. Clay street. Pier L 41 North
.First street. San Jom. .• ,- \ .;■■ v^ -..:■._ ■ ; j. -;:.-^>;
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
" :;v . Steamer " Mont ice Ho" . : ,
Will He up to receive new boiler and general
overhauling .on C February -It and ' resume her
route on March L HATCH BROS.
78
MUNICIPAL ART.
How the City May Be Made
Beautiful ar)d At
tractive.
A. S. Baldwin, In the current number of the Merchants' Association
Review, has the following to say regarding beautifying of the city:
"There is a certain consolation in learning that San Francisco
is not alone in her errors, but we may well ask when are
these errors to be corrected. Any especial effort at the adorn
ment or improvement of the city meets Avith opposition rather than
sympathy and assistance. Immediately a feasible plan is suggested
there is developed at once a variety of conflicting interests and petty
jealousies which have to be reconciled before the plan can be ad
vanced. Yet we are all agreed that a beautiful city is a popular city.
The sums expended in improving and beautifying Paris have been re
turned a thousand-fold through the multitudes of people who flock
there every year to enjoy its gardens, boulevards and architectural
monuments. Let us assume that the community desires a change in
conditions and is willing to begin on the great task of adorning San
Francisco. It cannot be achieved without direction. Good taste is a
profession nowadays. There are experts who can prescribe exactly
what must be done and how to go about it. To begin with there
should be formed an organization to control municipal art affairs.
The Supervisors, however well-meaning, are not generaly critics of art
or experts in sculpture. Let there be organised a League of Municipal
Art which will attempt to direct the public taste. It should be com
posed of prominent gentlemen identified with art interests, of artists
and sculptors and architects. The benefits of such an organization
would be enormous. In Xew York the Municipal Art Society has used
its funds to decorate the walls of the Criminal Court building. When
there is a question of the erection of statuary or in regard to the deco
ration of some public edifice it is heard from authoritatively and its
expressions are listened to with respect. From this league plans of va
rious kinds for beautifying the city might emanate and with the co-op
eration of the Merchants' Association could undoubtedly in many in
stances be put into effect."
NOTES OF THE
NATIONAL GUARD
The Reorganized Staff of
Major-General N. T.
James.
Assistant Adjutant-General T.
M. Cluff in Charge of
Headquarters.
.An Effort to Be Made to Unravel the
Tangle in the Rifle Practice.
The Naval Militia.
J. C. Watt has been appointed Judge
advocate on the staff of Division Com
mander Major General X. T. James and
that completes the reorganized staff
•which now is as follows: Colonel Thomas
M. Cluff, assistant adjutant general; Col
onel John Gallwey, division surgeon;
Lieutenant-Colonel D. E. Miles, signal of
ficer; Lieutenant-Colonel William Ed
wards, ordnance officer; Lieutenant-Col
onel Louis Barrere, inspector of riile
practice; Lieutenant-Colonel J. A. Watt,
Judge advocate; Lieutenant-Colonel A. B.
C. Dohrman, inspector; Lieutenant-Col
onel Charles E. Murphy, engineer officer;
Lieutenant-Colonel Charles T. Stanley,
quartermaster; Lieutenant-Colonel Adolph
Huber, commissary; Lieutenant-Colonel
H. F. Emeric. paymaster; Major J. Fitz
gerald and Major L. S. Senniiit, aids.
The non-commissioned officers are: Ser
geant Majors Gottschalk. Honigsberger,
Hawley and Graff.
D. J. Foley, lieutenant of the fifth di
vision of the Naval Militia at Eureka,
has been placed on the retired list.
Upon his personal request Thomas B.
Dozier, commanding Company H, Second
Infantry, has been placed on the retired
list with the rank of captain.
The resignations of '\v. D. Johnson, first
lieutenant, Seventh Infantry, A. P. Dre
sier, second lieutenant, same regiment,
and Archibald A. Morey, commanding the
fourth division of the Naval Militia at
Santa Cruz, have been accepted.
Colonel Cluff, having received his com
mission as assistant adjutant general on
the staff of the division commander, is
now in full charge of the headquarters in
the Baldwin Hotel. As he is one of the
most popular men in the guard at this
time,, he will no doubt, during his admin
istration, do much toward re-establish
ing the good feeling that at one time pre
vailed in all sections of the State be
tween the superior and subordinate offi
cers.
Last Saturday night Colonel Cluff, to
celebrate the event of his promotion as
chief of the division staff, invited the
major general, all the. members of the
staff, and as special guests Colonel H. P.
Bush and Lieutenant Thomas A. Nerny,
executive officer of the Naval Militia, to
a banquet in the Baldwin Hotel. All the
members of the staff except Lieutenant-
Colonels A. B. C. Dohrmann and Adolph
Huber, who were confined to their homes
by illness, were present, and after the
substantiate had been disposed of there
were a number of toasts and responses.
In the responses that were made there
came out the fact that, during the past
two years, the major general had been
instrumental in having many things done
lor the guard, for which he never received
due credit. It was also made to appear
that now the staff is complete, each mem
ber thereof will work to the end that
there shall be no complaint that they are
not doing their best to advance the guard
and bring it to the standard that it should
occupy. During the evening Lieuten
ant-Colonel Barrere was congratulated
■upon the determination he had reached
of taking unto himself a wife, which
event . will take place to-day.
Preparations are being made for muster
and inspection within the next few weeks.
The inspections will be by the brigade in
spectors and by the inspector and instruc
tor detailed for that purpose from the
United States army.
There has been some talk of having a
parade on the 22d inst., but as that is not
one of the days of the year when tn«
guard is required to parade, it is not likely
that it will be called out.
• There is a great-deal of complaint in
regard to the present shooting regulation?
and the matter is so badly muddled that
those who are directly interested in the
making of records are, in the language of
the street gamin, exclaiming, "Where are
we at?" There is a section of the law
which declares that the National Guard
"must parade for target practice at such
times as may-be designated by the com
mander-in chief." January was designat
ed as a time for target practice, but the
guard did not parade for that purpose,
'or instance, the members of the First
Regiment of Infantry, or rather not a
large proportion : thereof ; straggled.- with
out parade, either as a regiment, battal
ion or company,: to the shooting range
across the bay. The excuse given is that
the majority of the men who are members
of the guard are men v.-no depend on their
daily labor for a livelihood and that they
cannot afford to endanger their positions
by asking to be excused in order to enable
them to go to the ranges, to which they
are forced to : pay their own transporta
tion. Since the order issued prohibiting
the members of the guard from engaging
in shoots on Sundays, the target practice
In the guard is turning into a farce. Not
only that, but the members of the Fifth
Infantry are so confused* with regard to
the regulations that those in authority
have suggested a meeting of all the regi
mental inspectors of . rifle practice with
Colonel Park Henshaw, inspector general
of rifle practice, with a view to 'have the
whole matter clearly explained or ; have
new regulations, such as can be ; under
stood by every one who reads, promul
- gated. . ■-• ••-".-. ■ ' - -
"There has not been any time £xed , yet .
for the delivery 'of the new uniforms, but
the indications are that they will not be
distributed before Memorial Day in May
THIRD BRIGADE. "
■ VISALIA. Feb. 6.— Company E here
tnt S * gratified at the outcome of the last
State shoot concluded a few days ago.
Ihe scores they made averaged well Fol
lowing are those who scored -50 or over
out of a possible 75 at the 200, 300 and 600
yard ranges: George Osborne, 67; C. C.
Lottand. J S. Clack, F. A. Thomas and T.
Conner. 06 each; C. M. Hamrick. 65; Cap
tain Ward F. W. Mlxter. A. B. Shippey
™i iV LHL H B ° wen - W each: R. H. Renick
win- 'J" B ™* Of3ward . 63 each; Frank
Hafley, 62; Ed. Linnell. 61; Lee Beason, 59;
F. F. Barton, 57; Taylor Archer, 56; E.
Keeler and J. Peabody, 54 each; N. H
Soogian, 53; T. Wilkinson, 51.
Eleven men qualifying as distinguished
marksmen, they will have the privilege
of going to Sacramento some time the
coming: spring to take part in the State
championship shoot for the two medals
annually given away to the best shots.
These eleven men are Ward. Mlxter
Hamrick. Lofland. Renick, Clack. Ship
pey, Bowen, Conner, Osborne and
Thomas.
Colonel Stuart S. Wright, commanding
the Sixth Infantry, is preparing to leave
for the Klondike, but he will not relin
quish his command. He will ask for
leave of absence for ninety days, and will
probably after that ask for an exten
sion. The secret of this is that those who
are doing politics in the regiment do not
want the headquarters to go to Stock
ton from Fresno. Should the Colonel re
sign A 'illiam R. Johnson of Stockton, re
cently elected lieutenant-colonel, would
be urged for the colonelcy, and. in the
event of his election, he would transfer
the headquarters of the regiment to the
city of his residence.
THE NAVAL MILITIA.
J n P ursu ance of the recent order that
all officers of the naval militia must ac
quire a certain amount of knowledge in
navigation, tho officers of the first and
second divisions, located at this port,
have, at their own expense, secured the
services of J. T. McMillen of the branch
hydrographlc office to give them instruc
tions. They received their first lesson on
last Tuesday night, and for a time they
were lo?t in a maze of figures and prob
lems, but all who had mastered algebra
in the past, found no difficulty in under
standing the explanations given by the
instructor.
On the 21st inst. the men of the two
divisions of militia at this port will give
a social on board of the Marion to their
friends, and or. the following day Cap
tain Turner and the officers of the two
divisions will hold a reception on the ves
sel, to which none will be admitted ex
cept by invitation.
SMALL CROWDS AT THE PARK.
Threatening Weather Puts a Damper
on Pleasure Seekers.
Owing to the threatening weather the
crowds at the park and Cliff House wer
small yesterday. A cold wind whistled
around the music-stand, and in conse
quence most of the pleasure-seekers
sought the shelter of the conservatory
and museum.
No accidents occurred during the day of
note, the only excitement being when a
spirited horse became disgusted, perhaps
at the weather, and kicked a part of his
harness several yards away. He was
soon subdued, however, and the excite
ment was over. Notwithstanding the
weather, the crowd at the Chutes was as
large as usual. Chiquitc. "the living
doll," gave two performances, and even
then many of the visitors were disap
pointed, as they could not find accommo
dation in the big pavilion where the en
tertainment was given.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTKL.
F Hall. Los Angeles \Vf L Killebrew.S Louis
L F Smith Santa Cruz F Ullman. N V
E Hazard & w, S Cruz A W Hoffman&w Plnd
(J H Culver & w. Chgo W G Kain. Tacoma
T Glrtden. Sacto E H Grlggs. Stanford
G de Leeper&w. LGats Miss M Rice. Fresno
H C Fltzmaurice.L Gts F S Pierson, N V
F D Curtis. Stanford II M Baker,' L Angeles
• ' L Thomas. Stanford H P Nye, San Diego
E H Benjamin. Oakln L D McLean, Watvllle
G W 'iodley, Benicla I >r J Loeb, Chicago
J A Moore. Stockton W X Bernard. Sacto
J A Brown, Sacto M Leonard. Sta Cruz
M A Pollack, Ohio <W Hall, Cal
C W Swanson. Chgo II W Crabb, Oakvllle
G Mlltnn & w. Denver M* Foy Seattl°
C W Finrnham Denver F W B de Zart L Ang
D W Wight, Spokane D Lop°z, Fresno
C P Oliver&w.MtHomeL G Lautenhlser Colo
R J McDonald. S Louis I
PALACE HOTEL.
A B Coleman, N V ;W S Barnett. Los Ang
J A Flanagan. NY I O W MevKenburg 111
T S Buttle. N V \V C Wyman, Chicago
II C Rowbotham. Pa ' T T Johnston, Chicago
H Kehoe, Rossland H F Chandler. Ohio
W E Dunn. Los Ang : C Wilson, Phlla
X Burke, Carson O L Anderson, N J
W McClintock, Denver J Loeb. Oregon
Miss McCltntock, Coli; E Christman, Indiana
Mrs H A Clark, Mich L Cohen, Oregon
J O Ellis, Butte Mrs L Cohen Oregon
J Hill, St Louis j G L Dean. Randsburg
3 B O'Meara. St Louis J S Daggett, Stanford
F E Short, Fresno
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E H Nelson, Sacto j C Johnson, San Jose
J J Gard, Kelseyville ■, L Jorgensen, Stockton
A Roberts, Suisun i P F Rogers. Suisun
C Heaton. Nebraska ■<; Jorgensen. Stockton
G F Benson, Cal M J Hansen. San Dleg
II Williams, Monterey P Crowley. Merced
.1 O'Brien, Visalla F J Schulta & f. Cal
D Munro, Chico H Gray, Nevada
C J Ferrif, Vallejo i W Gray, Nevada
P Graham, Nevada | C Huber, Carson
A Bernard & w, Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
C R Murphy, 111 ,3 A Adams. El Paso
F A Crane. Cal C M Hunter, Chicago
W Colomech. S Jose C P Montgomery. Chgo
W D Embree. NY \3 3 Quill. Santa Crur
O C Brock. Alameda T H Smith &w. Wla
L Phillips, Sacto A Hamp, Fresno
A Fay. Bakersfield C M Weaker. Healdsbg
.1 W Mahon. Bakersfld A P Schwartz. L Ang
W H Halonmb. N J Tori Ploan. N V
Feast Day of St. Brigid.
The feast day of St. Brlgid. the great
Irish saint, was celebrated at St. Brigid's
Church on Van Ness avenue yesterday.
Rev. Father Cottle. the pastor, was cele
brant of the solemn high mass, which be
gan at 11 o'clock. Rev. Father Ryan was
deacon and Rev. J. A. Coiligan acted as
sub-deacon, and Father Byrne was mas
ter of ceremonies. Rev. Father Philip
O'Ryan preached an eloquent sermon on
the piety and life of the saint.
To Cure a Cold Irj One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Quiain- Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If it falls to cure.
]£c. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUAEY 7, 1898,
DIED FROM
EXHAUSTION
The Dempsey Lass Suc
cumbed at Ingleside
Yesterday.
A Hard and Exciting Course
With Miss Dividend Was
the Cause.
A Large Crowd Again "Witnessed
Curtis & Son's Rosette Win
the Money.
The threatening rain prevented as
large a crowd as usual from gathering
at the Ingleside Coursing park yester
day, but the races v.ere sensational,
and the talent came out on top. What
seemed to take the pleasure away
from those present was the unlooked
for death of the fleet hound Dempsey
Lass owned and run by J. Murphy.
In the run down Dempsey Lass was
drawn to go with J. Murnane's Miss
Dividend, and the latter hound proved
to have mettle. The course was prob
ably the longest and most interesting
ever seen on a field. A good hare was
slipped, and the hounds started to
gether and it was hard to tell which
dog led to the hare. Away they went
across the entire field and back again,
then back to the far corner and point
after point was counted up by the
judge. Interest was at a high pitch,
and when it was .announced that
Dempsey Lass had won by a score of
46 to 22, the old followers of the course
smiled with satisfaction at a course
which had numbered the largest num
ber of points yet decided on a local
field.
When Dempsey Lass -was taken to
the kennel it was decided that the
hound would be withdrawn from the
course, but it was not expected that
anything more serious than a severe
trial had affected the well-bred dog,
but within two hours she was dead,
and a crowd gathered to learn the rea
son therefor. St. Gertrude was after
ward drawn to gb against Signal, who
won the second run down, but was de
feated.
The coursing talent Is about tft lose
one of the finest according to rumor.
Harry Brennan, a local sport and well
liked by all dog men, has been offered
a good position in Dawson City. It
has been asked of him whether or not
he would represent a syndicate of
business men in the northern country.
He has not as yet accepted the offer
because of business interests in this
city concerning both himself and fam
ily, but it is supposed he will look into
the matter before refusing what is
thought to be an exceptionally good
one.
The talent walked off with the money
yesterday, as only one or two short
enders won the money, among them
being Moondyne. who sold on the
short end «* 5 to 3 against Cavalier.
Considerable money changed hands on
the final, but the favorite. Rosette,
won after a long and exciting course.
A delegation from the Olympic Club
watched the sport during the after
noon. Jack Gallagher, Billy Brennan,
John Elliott and Hugo Belou, the
Olympic wonder, were in a bunch play
ing the results. McConnell, who de
feated Griffo before the club but a few
nichts ago was also among those inter
ested.
The sports carried away the money
in the following manner:
J. Murphy's Dempsey Lass beat J. Mur
nane's Miss Dividend. 46—22: J. Connell's
Log Boy beat D. Shannon's Sprig of the
Hill. 6—2: D. Shannon's Signal beat Hen
ry Spring's Master Jack. 10—1; D. Shan
non's Sweet Music beat D. Hooper's Koo
Lawn, 6—4:6 — 4: J. McCormlck's White Wings
beat D. Ford's Handy Andy. 4—2: R. W.
Wyman's Rush o' the Hill, a bye.
Second ties — Signal beat St. Gertrude. 4Vj
— 2; Log Boy beat Sweet Music. 6—3;6 — 3; Rush
o' the Hill beat White Wings, 13—11.
Third ties— Signal beat Rush o' the Hill,
4—3; Log Boy a bye.
Final— Log Boy beat Signal, 10—3.
All-age stake— J. Dean's Moondyne beat
Kay & Trant's Sylvia, 4—o: T. Butler's
Susie beat C. W. Dewlaney's Fleetwood,
I—3;1 — 3; Curtis & Son's Cavalier beat Lowe
& Thompson's High-Born Lady, 4—o;
Curtis & Son's Lady Campbell beat Deck
elman & Panario's Old Glory. 3—o; Curtia
& Son's Rosette beat J. Dean's Conne
mara, 7—2; T. Cooney's Right Bower beat
P. Reilly's Ranger.
Second ties— Moondyne beat Cavalier.
3—l; Susie beat Lady Campbell, 9—2; Ro
sette beat Right Bower, s^—2.
Third ties— Moondyne beat Susie, s—o;5 — 0;
Rosette a bye.
Final — Rosette beat Moondyne, 11 — 6,
and won the purse.
SUNDAY SHOOTING
AT SHELL MOUND
An Unusually Quiet and Un
eventful Day at the Rifle
Ranges.
Excellent Natural Conditions for
Marksmanship, but Few
to Enjoy Them.
There were very favorable natural con
ditions for marksmanship at the Shell
Mound range yesterday, the temperature
not being low enough to cool the en
thusiasm nor to benumb the fingers of
the marksmen, and the light being good
in point of "steadiness," excepting for
a time during the forenoon, when quickly
alternating sunshine and shade had
rather an unfavorable effect on the aim.
There was a very small representation
at the targets, however. It was not a
"big day," according to the programme,
and one or two of the companies which
were expected to shoot did not report to
claim their targets, and there was an un
usually small attendance in each organi
zation which did participate in the day'a
sport.
Company D, First Regiment held its
regular monthly medal shoot, the follow
ing being the score: Bender 40, Landucl
35, Meadows 37, Staples 35, Downing 19,
White 43, Darling 34, Kelly 6, Dinene 5,
Scharf 33, Pfaff 24, Brown 33. Quirk 9,
Curtin 26, McCarty 26, McCreigh 40.
First Division NavaJ Reserve made the
following score: Quinlan 41, Peterson 36,
Linderman 35, Lindecker 37. Sandy 29,
Murphy 34. Burns 38, Beattie 33, Dennis
3S, Harris 42.
The Deutscher Krieger Verein indulged
in its regular monthly contest, In which
the winners were: Champion class— C
"VWggenmen, 331. First class— O. Dam
mer, 322. Second class— Not filled. Third
chips— F. Mieh.e, 281. Best first shot— F.
Kaiser, 25. Best last shot— G. Bender, 21.
Most center shots — G. Hetzel, 2".
The Independent Rifles rolled up the
following score: ....tchell 40. A. Freder
ickson 38. C. Frederickson 25, Lindecker
32. C. J. Staude 9, Finley 25. Andrews 37,
Tienken 10, J. Staude 42. Schonig 33, Gil
borson 17.
All of the contests of the day were on
the 200-yard range.
THE DAY AT SCHUETZEN PARK.
Some Remarkable Shooting Done on
the Bangs Yesterday.
Otto Bremer of the California Schuet
zen Club did some remarkable shooting
on the rifle range near San Rafael yester
day. Bremer shoots in the first class of
the California Club and the feat he ac
complished was to make a score of 121
points in five shots. Tnis, it is claimed, is
the finest score that has been made by
any marksman on the California ranges.
The possible score was 125 and Bremer's
121 was made as follows: 24, 25, 25, 23, 24;
total, 121.
It was Bremer's banner day, for his
score in the regular monthly shoot that
was held yesterday shows that he made
fifteen bullseyes in succession, which is
also one of the best records that has been
made on the San Rafael range in many
months.
The interest, outside of Bremer's shoot
ing, was not strong, owing principally to
the condition of the weather, which,
while clear, was threatening in the morn
ing and served the purpose of keeping
many of the marksmen away. Neverthe
less, those present did some excellent
work. D. V>\ McLaughlin and A. Streck
er in the First Champion Class of the Cal
ifornia Schuetzen Club are about evenly
matched and the friendly rivalry between
the two is strong. To-day McLaughlin
topped Strecker's score by just one point,
after a hard contest.
The California Schuetzen Club held its
regular monthly medal shoot, the San
Francisco Verein Eintracht Schuetzen
Section held its monthly medal contest,
and the members of Company D of San
Rafael also held their opening contest for
the year. In the latter the scores were
not as high as usual, probably owing to a
lack of practice.
The light on the targets was fairly
good. At times it was quite strong, but
for the most part it was good. A slight
breeze blew over the range in the after
noon.
The following scores were made by the
members of the California Schuetzen Club
in their regular monthly medal shoot
yesterday:
First Champion Class— First prize, D.
W. McLaughlin, 430; second prize, A.
Strecker, 429.
Second Champion Class— First prize,
John Utschig, 401; second prize, Captain
F. Kuhls, 3SO.
First Class— First prize, Otto Bremer,
444; second prize, N. Fredericks, 420.
Second Class— First prize, J. Fetz, 405;
second prize, A. N. Boyen, 357.
Third Class— First prize, Joseph Straub,
392; second prize, A. Jungblut, 354.
Fourth Class— First prize, J. Wallmer,
327; second prize, F. Acker, 322.
Cadets, California Schuetzen Club-
First, William Utschiu, 390; second, J.
Tammeyer, 376.
First best shot. J. Jones, 25; last best
shot, Charles Sagehorn, 23.
The following were the winners for the
day in the regular monthly medal shoot
of the Verein Eintracht, Schuetzen Sec-
Champion Class— Captain F. Kuhls, 403
points.
First Class— C. Schroder, 355 points.
Second Class— C. Suhrstedt. 375 points.
Third Class— Henry Schweiger, 272
points. .
The following are the scores of the sev
eral classes of the Verein Eintracht in
their monthly medal shoot:
Champion Class— F. Kuhls, 403; C. Gum
bel, 350; J. Young, 336; F. Hagerup, 320.
First Class— C. Schroeder, 355; J. Zahn,
364; J. Rohrer, 329.
Second Class— C. Suhrstedt, 375: C.
Hartwig. 257; Charles Ehlinger, 335.
Third Class— Henry Schweiger. 272; Mar
tin Huber, 221; H. Schroerter, 175.
First best shot, F. Kuhls, 22; last best
shot, J. Zahn. 24.
The members of Company I), Fifth In
fantry, N. G. C. held their first medal
shoot" of the year yesterday on the mili
tary targets at Schuetzen Park and the
following scores resulted;
J. F. Robinson. 45; F. B. Moulton, 42:
N. Vanderbilt, 43; J. Jones, 42; R. W.
Whittimore, 40; E. Hanna, 40; T. Archer,
33; C. Almy, 35; G. Donohue, 20; H.
Fletcher, 40; H. Iverson. 37: M. Johansen,
39: D. McCamish. 35; M. Maguire, 38; E
Smith, 35: H. Smith, 9; Fred Dickman. 30;
W. Miller, 32; I. Mastrup, 39; M. Kelly,
26; T. Kirrigan, 41; E. Gardner, 34; J. Bar
row, 3S; A. N. Bayen. 42.
Landaus, wagonettes, traps and drags
of the latest designs at O'Brien & Sons',
Golden Gate avenue and Polk street. •
ANOTHER GAS VICTIM.
Sam Martinovich, a Montana Miner,
Asphyxiated in His
Hotel.
Gas claimed another victim yesterday,
Sam Martinovich, who had juet arrived
In the city on Saturday afternoon from
Butte, Montana.
The deceased was a man of means, as
his effects, when examined at the Cor
oner's office, demonstrated. In his pocket
was a draft Issued from the bank In
Butte for JlfiOO, together with a note for
$100, bearing date January, 1884. Hia nat
uralization papers bore date of 1888, and
were taken out in Tuolumne before Judge
Rooney. A pistol and a rifle and shot
gun combined were found in his posses
sion.
On his arrival yesterday afternoon he
secured a room in the Europe Hotel, 725
Sansome street, where he went to bed at
10 o'clocK in the morning. Nothing was
seen of him until 2 o"clock yesterday af
ternoon, when the smell of escaping gas
attracted the attention of the people liv
ing in the house. On going to his room
his dead body was found just as he had
gone to sleep. It appeared to those pres
ent that be must have blown the light
out, as the fixtures were in good order.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
S.W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets;
open until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N.W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open till 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE COMMANDERY NO. „•£-
16, K. T., Golden Gale building, 625 SjSf*
Sutter St.— Stated Assembly THIS Eg
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. The Order WF
of the Temple will be conferred. All ▼
fratt-rs are courteously invited.
JONATHAN M. PEEL, Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. I. Royal •
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. _^\_
Business and M. M. degree. J&J\
H. G. PRINCE, Secretary. '^r y
HERMANN LODGE NO. 127, F. and A. ■
M.— Stated Meeting THIS DAY (MON- _JV_
DAY. February :, 1898, at 7:30 u'.-Inctk TTJr
p. m. By older of the W. M. '^r >
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL LODGE NO. 22. F. and •
A. M-— Stated Meeting and First De- _J\_
gree THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at JZ It
7.30 o'clock. By order of the W. M. ' A
G. W. ROOT, Secretary.
MOUNT Moriah Lodge No. 44. F. and •
A. M.— Officers and members are re- -M^^
spect fully requested to assemble at the /v^T
temple on MONDAY, February 7, at'^r
1:30 p. m.. for the purpose of attending the
funeral of our late brother. EDWARD B.
STONEHILL. By order of the W. M.
THEO. FROLICH, Secretary.
COURT Eureka No. 6146, A. O. F.-'^IL^W
Officers and members are hereby noti <^T
fled to attend the funeral of our late Jl\
brother. GEORGE DAVIS, from 637 *_>
Minnesota st., at 1:30 o'clock, TUESDAY,
February 8, 183 S. W. C. ROBERTS, C. R.
THOS. H. VIVIAN, F. S.
ANNUAL MEETING— The forty-seventh an-
nual meeting of the San Francisco Protest-
ant Orphan Asylum Society will be held at
the Fir»t Congregational Church, corner of
Post and Mason -sts., (entrance on Mason
St.) on TUESDAY AFTERNOON NEXT,
February Rth, at 2 p. m. The reports of the
year's work will be read and officers for the
ensuing year will be f-hosen. All members
are requested to be present, and friends of
the cause are cordlallv invited.
M. P. MacCRELLISH. Secretary.
NOTICE of meeting— The reguiar annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of The Nevada Na-
tional Hank of San Francisco will be held
at its banking office, 301 Montgomery st.. San
Francisco, Cal., on MONDAY, the twenty-
first (21st) day of February. 189 S. at 3:15
o'clock p. m., for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to terve during the en-
suing year, and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. D. B. DAVIDSON, Secretary.
San Francisco, January 20. IS9B.
615 ' LARKIN ST.— Branch i office =of The Call.
-"r'r-tinns firui ivnnt adg taken._J___ : J : j___;_
SPECIAL. | NOTICES.
AFTER this date I will not be responsible for
bills against the scow Gaslight. MRS.
EMMA MOLL.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., room 6; tel. 5550.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, medium and mag-
netic healer, charms. 120V4 Geary "St., rooms
2 and 3.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
SPECIAL. NOTlCES— Continued.
MRS. STEWERT, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120* Geary st., room 11.
MRS. DR. FISH, rra. 3, 116 A Grant aye.; elec-
trician; alcohol, Turkish baths; unrivaled.
ROOM-RENTING Bureau, room 24,~F100d
building, corner of Fourth st.
SITUATIONS WAMUD-JEJIALB.
NEAT young Swedish girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse; $10 to $15; references.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
REFINED, middle-aged woman desires situa-
tion as cook or to do housework; $12 to $15;
references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SUPERIOR German laundress desires situa-
tion; best references; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
STRONG Swedish housegirl; good cook; $15 to
$20; two years last plafce. MRS. NORTON,
323 Sutter St.; tel., Green 721.
GERMAN housegirl; first-class cook; two and
one-half years last place; city or country.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter; tel.. Green 721-
YOUNG German Jewish girl wishes to obtain a
position as companion to Jewish lady; can sew
and is willing and obliging; salary not as
much an object as home comforts. Address
P. P., 951 Harrison st.
GERMAN woman wants a situation to do gen-
eral housework or keep house; good plain
cook; city or country; $10 to $12 per month.
504 Howard at.
WANTED, by competent woman — House-
cleaning, sweeping, washing tty the day. Ad-
dress box 981, Call.
NEAT American woman wants work in small
family; good plain cook; best of city refer-
ences; no postals. 236 Minna st.
STRONG woman wants work by the day;
washing, Ironing or housecleaning; $1 a day
and car fare. Apply 11 Kate st.
YOUNG woman desires position to wash nap-
kins in restarant or will do chamber work.
.1147 Harrison st.
SITUATION ty a reliable woman to do house-
work: city or country; with references. Call
at 7f.9 Mission st.
YOUNG woman wishes working housekeeper's
position or to do plain mending. 131 Fourth
St., room 1. •
YOUNG woman wants to do housework; small
American family; small wages. 31 Van Ness.
WOMAN wants work by the day cleaning or
washing. 640 Howard St., room 23.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation to do sec-
ond work. 1050 Howard st.
POSITION wanted by experienced young lady
in bookkeeping or typewriting; good refer-
ences. Box 947, Call office.
LADY from the East wishes position of trust,
or would go as housekeeper or companion.
Address box 553, Call office.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes to make herself
useful; good recommendation. 138 South Park.
WANTED— By a German girl, house cleaning
and washing by the day; $1. 215>£ Polk; rear.
WANTED— Position as nurse In Institution or
private work; either sex; will take care of
invalid; jears of practical experience. Ad-
dress 44 Third St., room 11.
YOUNG woman desires plain sewing and
mending to do at home. 139 Fourth, room 10.
SITUATION wanted by colored nurse, with
best of references. Call or address room 3,
1023'/i Market st.
CAXDINAVIAN girl wishes to do general
housework; 3 years In the last place. Call 39
Perry st.
OMPETENT woman, with child 6 years old,
wishes situation to do housework; good
home more of an object than wages; country
preferred. Apply 114 Hayes St.
SITUATION wanted by a young girl for gen-
eral housework: 6 years last place; no pos-
tals. Call at 144 Clara St., upstairs.
GERMAN woman wishes work by day, cook-
ing, houserleaning, wait on respectable fam-
ilies. 447 Bartlett st.
YOUNG lady desires a situation for writing,
corresponding, copying, etc. ; writes a per-
fect hand. Address box 14, Call office.
COMPETENT laundress and housecleaner,
with best references ; $1 by the day. Ad-
dress box 977, Call office.
LADY of refinement, with a little child, wishes
a position as housekeeper In respectable fam-
ily. 502 Washington St., room 59.
WANTED— Housework of any kind by the day;
nrst-clas.s laundress; references. 211S Fill-
more -St.
POSITION as bookkeeper, .copyist or office
work; references. Call or address M. F., 933
Mission St.
SITUATION wanted as stenographer by young-
lady. Inquire 1510 Harrison si.
YOUNG woman wants employment by day,
week or month; not afraid of work. Address
or call at 1165 Howard st.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:SO
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
SITUATION.* WAMKU-MALt).
A NO. 1 cook; be st of city reference, desires
a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter ?t.
CHINESE and Japanese (esta^». 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414'- O'Farrell St.; tel. East 42C
HUNTER & CO.. Chinese and Japanese emp.
office. 614 ft California St.; tel. Main 231.
JAPANESE employment office; work day,
hour or evening. 122% O'Farrell; tel.Davis6os.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
choice help; telephone Grant 56. SO Geary st.
MAN and wife want position in boarding-
house or hotel: man first-class cook; wife
good housekeeper; city or country. 314 Minna
st. ; upstairs.
GERMAN, middle-age, mechanic by trade,
handy with tools, speaks English well, wants
any situation. Box 983, Call office.
BARKEEPER, young man, single, desires po-
sition in saloon or grocery store; good refer-
ences. Box 987, Call office.
GERMAN, middle-aged, wants position to
care for horses; city experience. Address
2000 Larkin st.
PRACTICAL man wants care of gentleman's
place; gardener, horseman, milker: can fill
all requirements: reliable and temperate;
first-class references. Address box tH, Call.
STEADY, reliable young man wishes employ-
ment In wholesale or business house; under-
stands teaming and shipping; references.
Address box 973, Call.
MAN and wife (German) wish positions in
boarding-house or hotel; man is first-class
cook; wife is good housekeeper; city or coun-
try. 341 Minna St., upstairs.
YOUNG man wants situation; any kind of
work; city or country; understands ca»e of
horses, cows, garden; furnish reference. Ad-
dress J. ALLAN MACDONALD. 214 Third St.
RELIABLE and experienced German wants
situation, private family, as coachman and
gardener; thoroughly understands care horses,
gardening, milking; strictly temperate; good
references; city, Alameda or Oakland. Ad-
dress Box 936, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED German wants work on pri-
vate place; house and garden; handy with
tools: city or country; best references; wages
$15. R. KESBEL, 130 Seventh st.
MIDDLE-AGED man. understands taking care
of garden, cow, chickens, etc., will work for
$10 and board a month; best of references.
J. P.. 3645 Sacramento st.
SITUATION wanted as watchman or house-
keeper; best city references; terms lew. Ad-
dress H. H., 81 Natoma st.
BOY, 17 years of age, desires position as chore-
boy; understands care of horses. Address
39£2 Seventeenth st.
STEADY married man, with family, wants
work of any kind: prefers wholesale house
or night watchman, or driving team; can
give bonds to any amount; also first month's
salary for permanent position. Address box
966, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young man from Ore-
gon; understands g-ardening, care of horses
and can milk; is sdiber and reliable. Address
box 918, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes situation: family: under-
stands care horses, cows, garden, chickens,
etc.; references; handy with tools. E. S.,
Golden Engle Hotel.
STRONG, industrious man and wife, no fam-
ily, want situations together; city or coun-
try. Add E. M. H.. Box 196, Oregon City, O.
JAPANESE, excellent young boy, speaks good
English, desires permanent situation to do
any inside work. BENJ, box 920, Call office.
GERMAN boy wishes situation In bakery or
confectionery: has some experience; city or
country. Address box 916, Call office.
JAPANESE, first-class cook, has long experi-
ence and good references, wants position in
family. NAGAI, box 919, Call office.
RELIABLE young man (American) wishes po-
sition In private family; thoroughly under-
stands hcrses, gardening or milking: temper-
ate; good references; city or Oakland. Box
903, Call.
STRONG, willing young man (German) wants
a job of some kind; is willing to work for
small wages. F. BOWER, 635 Pacific st.
RELIABLE man of experience (German) jvants
situation In private family as coachman and
gardener; thoroughly understands care of
horses, gardening and milking: strictly tem-
perate; good references. Address box BS9,
Call office.
TRAVELING man wants position; steady and
hard worker; can keep books: best city ref-
erences: familiar with machinery and hard-
ware. Box 890, Call office.
, SITUATIONS WASTED- Continued.
FIRST-CLASS paper hanger and painter, hav-
ing all tools required, wants work. 1302 Web-
ster st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms, 25c to $150 night; $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bua
and baggage to and from ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
RESTAURANT cook, $25; nurse and seam-
stress, $25; 5 Protestant German and French
second girls, $20 and $25; 4 cooks, German
style. $2'<: laundress, private family, $25; girl
for housework, Sausaiito, $20. see party here;
2 waitresses, hotel and restaurant, $2u and $5
week: and girls of all nationalities to fill
our numerous situations in city and country.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— MONDAY— EARLY —
11 waitresses, used to arm waiting, $6 and $7
a week, for a new place. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st.
SCANDINAVIAN or German girl; cook and
general housework; small American fajri-
i!y; $20 with wash; no wash, $15: office fee
paid by lady. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108
Geary at.
FIFTEEN waitresses, first-class Southern Cal-
ifornia hotels, $20 each; first-class rail pass-
age; special reduced rates. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 10S Geary st.
COOK. Alameda. $25; cook, ranch, San Lo-
renzo, $2o; girls, housework, for Berkeley, $1."»:
Suisun. $15; Kern County, $20; girU for city;
Jewish cooking and housework. $2&; 4 Scandi-
navian, 6 German girls, general work. $20 and
$25' 40 girls for housework and asalm, JIG,
$12 and $10; 3 German cooks. »26. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
SECOND girl; mining town; $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSEGIRL; $15 per month. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter St.
CHAMBERWORK; sleep home; $12. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
C00K,~525; nurse, $20; laundress. $25. MISa
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2~GERMAN second girls, $25 and $20; French
second girl, J25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Suttor.
2 WAITRESSES, $20 each; cook, $35; 2 sec-
ond girls, $20 and $25; 6 young girls, house-
work, $10 to $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
CATHOLIcTnurse; $li! MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
GIRL. California St., $20; German girl, San
Lorenzo. $20; nursegirl, $15: nursegirl, $18;
German or Swedish girl. Post Bt.. $20; 2 girls
for Alameda. $20; girl In family 3. Clay. $20;
girl for Santa Cruz, $20; girl, Mission, $2.',;
girl, Chestnut St., $25; 23 girls. ;15; 12 girls,
$8, $10 and $12 per mo.; nice families. MAR-
TIN & CO.. 749 Market st.
COOK, delicacy store, $20; 3 cooks, $25 and
room: 5 waitresses. $15 and room: 3 chamber-
maids, $15 to $20 and room; woman to wash
napkins and towels; chambermaid and wait
some, $25 and room; chambermaid and wait.
$18 and room; 3 waitresses, $5 a week; 3
waitresses, country, $20 and room. MARTIN
& CO.. 749 Market st.
WAITRESSES: $6 a week. MARTIN & CO.,
749 Market st.
WAITRESS, country hotel, $20, fare paid;
housekeeper, plain place, city, $12; chamber-
maid and wait, country hotel, $20; laundress,
country hotel, $20; cook for private family,
country, $25; Protestant governess, refer-
ences, $25. MURRAY & READY, Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay St.
WANTED — Girls or women to sew on wrap-
pers. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
WANTED— German cook, city references, $30;
Scandinavian laundress, $25; American cook,
$25: nursegirls, $10 and $15; girls for house-
work and assist, $20. $15 and $10. LEON AN-
DRE. 30S Stockton st.
COOK, $30; second girl, $20; German nursegirl,
$25; chambermaid, $15; hotel cook, $20; house-
girl, country. $25: housegirl. 2 in family, city,
$25. and a number of young girls, $10 to $15
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
COOKS and chambermaids, nurseglrls. girls
for housework. MRS. HIRD, 721 Ellis st.
WAITRESS for lunch counter, country, $6 a
week. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
YOUNG woman lately from the East wishes
position as good plain cook In boarding-
house or small hotel. Call or write to 61
Clementina st.
YOUNG German or French girl to do second
work and waiting. Call at 1610 Franklin st.
from 9 to 11, 5 to 6.
WANTED— A rlrl for general housework;
wages $15 to $18. 1608 Geary st.
WOMAN to take care of infant; sleep out.
Apply room 51, 703 Geary st.
GERMAN lady for housekeeper In country.
Address Box 979, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS operator on custom pants.
411V4 Kearny St., second floor.
GIRL for housework, small family. Apply
alter 8 a. m. at 926 C Fulton st.
BY a leading firm, a woman of excellent so-
cial standing. 313 Bush st.
HOUSEKEEPER to take full charge; stylish
dressmaker, family engagements. 313 Bush.
GIRL to do general housework; sleep home.
Inquire at 502 Van Ness avenue.
YOTTNG cirl to do general housework. 1831
Eddy st.
GIRL, housework and plain cooking. 9 Glen
Park aye., off 12th. bet. Mission & Howard.
YOUNG woman with experience in business
office; several others employed. 1023 Market.
REFINED young lady with good references as
traveling lady's attendant. 1023 Market st.
GOOD business woman for cloak house; also 3
milliners. $15. 1018 Washington st., Oakland.
YOUNG lady of some experience as hotel
cashier and bookkeeper. 313 Bush st.
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker on fine cus-
tom coats; good wages. 837 Mission st.
WOMAN to do cooking In small boarding-
house at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
GIRL for general housework; wages $15. 1614
O'Farrell St., 9 to 12 a. m.
RESPECTABLE girl for housework. 2016 Mis-
sion st.
GIRL for housework. Stadt Hamburg Saloon,
629 California st.
GIRL wanted for general housework: also one
to assist with children, at 162fi Vallejo st.
APPRENTICE to learn tailoring. IS6 Shipley
st., between Fourth and Fifth.
FIRST-CLASS operator on custom coats. s<s*>
Minna st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
GERMAN girl or married woman to assist lady
in housekeeping in the country, near city. In-
quire < Prescott House," : 933 4 Kearny ■ at., : from
■12 to 2 p. m. *.;;■;/ .A' • .. .' ■.'■•.■ , '.; ■ :' ■■■:/, ■':,:,:'
GERMAN girl for upstairs work; references:
wages $20. Call bet* een 8 and 10 a. m. at 180S
Cough st
BE up to date; learn dressmaking and mil-
linery at the McDOWELL School; patterns
cut to fit, 25c up. 103 Post st.
OPERATORS on steam power sewing-ma-
chines to make Levl Strauss & Co.'s riveted
clothing. Apply to MR. DAVIS. 32% Fremont.
PLAIN dress skirts, 60c; children's dresses, too
up. 46% Clara st.
YOUNG girl for light housework. Apply 811
Caßtro st.
EXPERIENCED cream dipper; one that un-
derstands chocolate and cream work. Box
896, Call office.
NEAT, reliable girl, housework, small family,
$10 to $12; references. 619 Valencia st.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School, 1079 Market
6t. ; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
LOT of uncalled-for shoes from 25c up to {1 25.
562 Mission St., bet. First and Second.
LADIES' shoes, solelng, 35c. men's sljoes, sole-
lng, 50c. ; all repairing done at half the usual
price. 562 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2<X.
REMOVED again-Dr. Wise, the ladles' spec-
ialist, to 14 McAllister; monthly troubles, etc.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
MALE HELP WAI. TED.
WANTED — 12 more tiemakers, pay monthly,
8c to 10c; 3 miners, $40 and board; harness
cleaner, $30 and found: 5 coal miners, black-
smith's helper and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Short-order cook, $20 and found;
bellboy, $10 and founa; hotel waiter, S2.'>:
cook, country restaurant. $25 and found, and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 624
Sacramento st.
BUTCHER to run storeroom for a first-class
restaurant. $15 a week. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st.
HOTEL clerk, with references, $30. C. R
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
POLISHER and starcher, country laundry
$50. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st. '
KITCHEN steward who can cut meat and
take charge of storeroom, $60. C. R HAN-
SEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
CHIEF cook, restaurant, north, $85; 2 waiters
country, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108
Geary st.
EXPERIENCED driver for a bakery wagon
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
FIFTY Italian woodchoppers, $10,000 contract.
For particulars call or address. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
3 WAITERS, $25 and room; 5 waiters, $6 $6
and $7 per week. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market.
HELP WAN 1 ! £T>— Continued.
WOODCHOPPERS : ~"~^r~tn ~ ~~\
' 50 woodchoppers. ; 4-foot pfnewood, : 4-foot red-
wood; 25 woodchoppers: farmer and wife, $30:
3 choreboys, $5. MURRAY & READY. 634
and 636. C1ay st.
; TIEMAKERS '— — — — -— — - — — — -
f oS.tiemakers. 6xB 8-foot ties. 9c and 10c each;
married carpenter, country. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
I BAKERS — — : — -—■ :: — — — ;; — ~7"
;.;. Wanted— plain bread baker for the
mines, $45 and found; cooks,, waiters and
dishwashers; baker for a well-established
business as -partner: choreboy for a bakery.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
! CARPENTERS — Married carpenter for a
country job. MURRAY & READY. 634 and
: 636 Clay St. '-•;:-; _____
BOY for candy-store, $3 a week, board, etc.
errand-boy, age 15 •or 16, $4 a week ; errand-
boy. $3 a week. MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market.
CHOREMEN; $10 per month, board, etc. MAR-
TIN & CO. 749 Market st.
THIRD ■ cook. $25 and room; ' 3 cooks. $10 a
week; night cook. $12 a week; second cook,
$9 a week; 3 "night cooks; boarding-house
cook, $30 and room; cook, $60, restaurant.
MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market st.
! WANTED— German or Swedish. $30;
coachman, $30, country. ANDRE'S, 308 Stock-
ton st. ■ ■
BUTLER, with first-class city references. Eng-
lish; also Dutler and wife at ANDRE'S, 308
Stockton st. _______
PLAIN ranch blacksmith and wife to cook for
few men; steady place; $40 and found. R. T.
WARD & CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
RANCH hand, $20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter st. . - '_^ ■
WILL give ■ situation to party who can loan
employer $300 on Interest. and security. Box
9*o, Call office. ■■':•'■ ■:,,-*■. -v.'---
GREEN hands and seamen; also carpenter f of
cruise south seas. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
2 FIRST-CLASS coatmakers; also bushelman,
DANIEL KANE. 208 Everett st.
| WANTED— Boys to work on tables. Bibb «
North Beach Mill. - . - ■ ' '
WANTED— Cook for chophouse; Scandinavian
preferred. 3034 Sixteenth st. ■ '
| GOOD reliable restaurant cook; call .at 6:30
a. m. 6 Sacramento st. .
| GOOD barber shop for sale cheap; owner go-,
ing to Alaska. 225 Fifth st.
j THE Clerk's Exchange, 313 Bush St., will not
under any circumstances or for any consid-
I • eration promise or guarantee situations. Tha
fees paid are exclusively for advertising and
membership privileges and are good for one
year. We particularly request all those in-
terested before paying fees to Investigate
this system. We have booked 500 orders from j
leading business houses for help against, a
membership of 300. We employ five city can-
vassers under bonds. We report the result of
their work daily. The highest fees charged
do not exceed 10 cents per week; as one por-
tion of the fee is contingent and we being
liable to refund 50 per cent if we do not
; succeed, members are fully protected. Cata-
B logues, fully explaining, mailed on receipt of
stamps. •
\ STEAMBOAT warehouse clerk: 3 mechanical
draughtsmen; confidential clerk. 313 Bush.
; GROCERY clerk to assist at bar; also re-
i sponsible delivery man. 1018 Washington St.,
' Oakland.
: 2 MORE mechanical draughtsmen: Eastern
i company: new enterprise here. 1018 Wash-
ington St., Oakland.
BLACKSMITHS, carpenters, sailmakers, sail-
■ ors and green hands at HERMAN'S. 26
Steuart st.
SOLICITOR ' for dyeing and cleaning; a good
proposition. Golden West Clothing Renovat-
ory, 12 Montgomery st.
j WANTED— Reliable man, age not over 40, with
references and $200 cash bond, for permanent
and responsible position in commission house.
Address box 975, Call office.
YOUNG man to drive wagon and . work in
grocery; experience required. 545 Washington..
| BARBER wanted to take charge of shop. 1113
j Kentucky st. Call Monday morning.
WANTED— lmmediately, boiler-makers, bench
and lathe hands. Apply Albion Iron Works
I Company, Victoria, B. C.
! WANTED— Press machinist; one, who has had
wide experience on cylinder presses. Apply at
once at 215, Bay st.
I WANTED — A first-class collector. Address,
with references, immediately, box 924, Call.
j $60 MONTHLY and board; young man with
I $150 wanted as partner; established business;
\ no experience required; good team. Address
CLARK, box 604, San Rafael, Cal.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply from 1Q to 12 to
CHARLES LYONS, 721 Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
. runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 largo
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
1 RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps, United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens -of tha
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become s':ch: must
be of good character and habits aia able to .
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height.
For further information apply at tha re-
cruiting office, 20 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.
2000 PAIRS — Another lot of men's shoes;
been slightly damaged: at less than one-
fourth tnelr value: from 25c to $2 50. 662
Mission st., bet. First and Second sts.
! SHOE-REPAIRING shop for sale: best location
in city. Apply at 767 Market st. -
CIVIL service Government positions — 50 ques-
tions and . answers free. Address HUGHES
\ Preparation, Washington, D. G." . ,
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St.. near Jackson.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c a night: reading-room:
" free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
fice. . S. FUCHS. Sec 325 Grant aye.
ROSEDALE House, 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night; $1 to $4 week: hot and cold baths. .
I MARKET. 4— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
LARKIN. Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken. :
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College, 138 Eighth st.
i SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night: 750 and $1
% werk. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
I MARKET. 563»,4 (Elcho House)— Rooms 20c. 2Ja
to 50c night; $1 to $2 week.
DRUMM. 225 (Oriental)— Rooms, 15c to 75c per
night: 50c = to ?1 50 , per week.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764 M; Mission
St., men to take rooms: 10c, . 15c and 23c per
: night;. 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY. Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 2r.c a night: $1 a week.
I 4 MARKET St.— Branch office of The Call:
-want ads and subscriptions taken.
FURNITURE WAr» TED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
rnmprv st. : blehe«t pr!<v»s pi>M. TM. T»«vt<i 71.
XV ANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
GOOD second-hand,, size 1, mimeograph must
be cheap. Address box 954, Call office.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st. : _ ;
WE buy all kinds of second-hand tools, stoves.
;. etc. . JAMES CURTIN. 1123 Market st.
SECOND-HAND < clothing, • dresses. ■ sealskins,
wanted ; , best prices send postal. 10\0 Folsom.
MACHINERY, belting, pipe, scales, tools, etc...
. bought and sold. V J. Livingston. 204 Mission.
PA WNBROKER— OId gold. - Oliver. ■/;': cart-oft
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. ; 41 Third.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY- : Steam . Carpet-cleaning Works: cleans,
. : moves, lays carpets. ,G. H. STEVENS Mgr.,
 88 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN « you become disgusted with ■ poor work
send , to • SPAULDING'S : Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. So. 40.
j CARPETS cleaned at Re per yard: relald at 3c.
STRATTON, 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating,
V alteration works, ■ 413 McAllister. Jessie 321. _
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 420 Sutter:
_tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. prop.
GREAT Eastern, - Steam Carpet-cleaning
. ? : Works. 14 Sth st. B. GRANT; tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
:■;- St.; j cleaning, ,T, T 3c •] a yard > tel. Mission 74.
CO^KLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, ; 333 Golden
:> Gate aye. ; . telephone East 126. ; ■■;' ■ -■■'; .
MONTGOMERY. 527. cor. Clay— Opon until 9:30
'->, o'clock : • branch i office of The : Call ; i subscrip-
■ tions ; and : want ads taken. : • ; V- ,■ .:
•. ■■>;":;■;;:,,;■ .- ; ; •:.-.;.; lost. ■;.■-. - :
BRINDLED : Great ', Dane i bitch ■ and ': pup. Re-
? ward at 1707 Octavia st. " '
'• ENGLISH setter,' black and .white:: old. dog.
Suitable reward for his return to 2518 Paclflo
■;.'/ avenue. '■.-.■.■"'. ; .'; : '-'. •■...■■.-■.■■.;- -•. ,
! OOOD safe for ' sale cheap. '_ 402 Third st. '•' ■ __
ELEVENTH.' - 106— Branch ; office ' of i The Call;
subscriptions and want ads ; taken. - ;' ." ;BUSINESS CHANCES.
. $275 — Ccffee saloon and chophouse; principal'
streets; central; neat place; monthly receipts
from $900 to $1000; trial. -..pply M. LESS, 765
Market st.
$£50— DELICACIES and provision store: good
business; part north of Market: handsome
fixtures: good trade; receipts average $1S to
$10 daily; will rive trial to prove it; owner
retiring. M. LESS, 765 Market st. ..
$750— CORNER grocery and bar; best part of
Mission: large stock; fine .fixtures; 4 rooms
and baths; Al horse and wagon; owner there
17 years; retiring; great offer. M. LESS. 765
Market.
$250— COFFEE parlor and home bakery; cozy
place with good trade; 3 living rooYn's; rent
$15: owner there 4 years. M. LESS, 765
Market.
JtfO— FIRST-CLASS delicacy store: principal
street; Al business; 4 furnished rooms and
piano; rent only $15; this place is given
away; call, see and be convinced. M. LESS,
765 Market.
$1000 — SALOON; principal street; open day and
night, i) furnished rooms; reasonable rent:
average receipts, 515; present owner there 7
years; sickness cause sale: genuine offer; ex-
amine it. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
FINE corner saloon on principal street:
heart of city; near Market st. : handsome bar:
private rooms; electric lights, etc: 4 good
living rooms up stairs; old-established place;
business speaks for itself. M. LESS, 765
Market st.
RESTAURANT: splendidly fitted up: in
one of best locations of city; big- transient
and regular trade: an "Al" offer: must be
seen to be appreciated; trial. M. LESS. 765
Market st.
BUSINESS men are invited to examine Into an
(old - established manufacturing concern;
stock and plant complete; will easily invoice
nver $2000; is offered tor saie for less than
invoice value: technical knowledge not re-
quired: any one of ordinary business ability
can manage the concern: satistactory reasons
for Belling. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$750— FIRST-CLASS butcher shop in best part
Western Addition; splendid fixtures; large
refrigerator; horse and wagon; most desir-
able class cash trade; established 20 years;
full investigation invited; satisfactory reason
given for selling; -.<. grand opportunity; don't
miss it. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
JjOO— BOARDING and livery stable, 1 block
from Baldwin Hotel; 5 horses, 2 buggies,
wagons, etc.: rent $,"0: good-paying busi-
. ness. See WILKE, 783 Market st.
IGAR-STAND on Fourth St.: this is the
hest bargain in city; no rent. WILKE, 783
Market st.
CORNER saloon established many years in
the very choicest location: average daily re-
ceipts about $45; other business engagements
compel owner to sacrifice. Investigate at
once and make an offer. WILKE, 753 Mar-
ket st.
$300 — THE best paying corner saloon on water
' front; rent $20: a very good paying place:
owner keeps another businesss and must sac-
rifice. WILKE. 783 Market st.
RUG store, established many years, in very
choicest location, having the highest reputa-
tion and a large patronage in prescriptions
and general drug business; important other
engagements compel owner to sell. WILKE,
7>" Market St. -
$350— OLD-ESTABLISHED corner saloon on
Kearny st. ; doing a good steady business;
rent $26; good chance. WILKE, 753 Market.
PARTIES wishing to sell promptly for cash
apply HEALY & CO., 917 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS corner grocery and bar; best lo-
cation; Western Addition; large route of
steady customers; $1650. HEALY & CO., 817
Market St.
$400— HORSESHOEING and blacksmlthing
business; short distance from San Francisco:
good cash trade; clearing $100 monthly; full
value in tools, etc. HEALY, 917 Market st.
Restaurant; best bargain In the city;
C mast: sell: CURRAN & CO., 30 Kearny st.
BUTCHER shop; paying business; going
to Klondike cause of sale. CURRAN & CO.,
30 Kearny St
$150— LADIES' dressmaking and tailoring
business. IRAN & CO., 30 Kearny st.
$350— SALOON; this is a fine corner, with side
entrance, on leading street; good-paying busi-
ness; satisfactory 'reason for selling; cheap
rent. CURRAN & CO., 30 Kearny st.
STRAND & CO.. 23 Kearny St., buy, sell or
exchange business quick; partner procured.
$550 — FISH market: good horse, wagon; clear?
$l. r 0 month. STRAND & CO.. 23 Kearny st
$IJOO— WOOD, coal, feed store; good bargain.
S7oo— Saloon, best location in city.
$30*"'— Cor. grocery and bar: Western Addition.
JSc.O— Coal oil route; well establish
Sl2r> — Bakery and delicacy store; a bargain;
and other good bargains at
ANDERSON & WINN'S. 777 Market st.
• JJOOO— Family liquor store; old established: kept
by present owner 3 years: must sell; owner
R-rtln^- to adlke; make an ' offer. ; Apply
202 Fifth st.
WANTED— Partner, lady or gentleman, with
$300 to take half Interest In neat coffee and
chop house; to act as cashier. Box 952, Call.
GROCERS— Large space, with fixtures, suit-
able for grocery, dairy and produce, in Pearl
Market, 1515 Howard St.; cheap rent.
$2000— GROCERY in Mission; half cash, balance
real estate or approved security. Address
box 956. Call office.
GROCERY and saloon: good stock: 4 living
rooms: cheap rent. 636 Minna, bet. 7th & Sth.
FOR sale — Light genteel business for lady; |
good income. Box 9£5, Call office,
729 O'FARRELL— For sale; branch bakery; 3
nice rooms; rent cheap..
CITY wagon route; paying $85 a month or no
sale;; $275; trial given. 402% Geary Bt.
PLAY the races on our new system; $60 a
week on $100 capital guaranteed or no charge
for Ml vices. The American Turf Bureau,
Tooras 5 and 6, S5O Market St., San Francisco.
GOOD business man with few hundred dollars
can secure management best business in
town. Manager, 529 Clay St., room 3.
PHYSICIAN would like to hear of a good lo-
cation in the country: is willing to pay for
any advantages. Box 955, Call.
FOR SALE— Barroom, billiard parlor, club-
room and cigar store; go 1 location; good
trade. 910 Seventh St., Oakland.
WANTED— Good respectable saloon in ex-
change for gilt-edge property In AJameda
County. Box 968, Call office.
LADY to Join advertiser in an established and
paying business; small capital required. Ad-
dress box 971, Call office.
FINE furnished saloon: paying investment;
owner going into another business. 11l Fifth.
BRANCH bakery. 4 living rooms, cheap; rent
$15; account of sickness. 1751 Hyde st.
$200— SALOON, with rooms; private entrance;
rent $25. 666 Mission St., near Third.
PATENTS— Send for "Hints on Inventing."
EDGAR TATE & CO., Patent Solicitors, 245
Broadway, New York.
ANTED— Steady man; light Indoor busi-
ness; $50 per month guaranteed. CURRAN,
30 Kearny st.
$5000— STATIONERY and notions store; re-
ceipts about $700 month: Investigate; this
is on the best street in city. H. C. DECKER,
1020 Market st.
TO LET- Large saloon on NW. cor. McAllister
and Leavenworth sts.; fine counter and bar;
gas fixtures; perfect order." Apply premises.
BUILDING, i.'x ; any business; coalyard, bl-
cycles, plumbers, carpenters; 5 rooms; lease.
1216 Oak st. ■ "
MILK ranch for sale: reason sickness; good
trade; 21 cows. Address box 928. Call.
FAMILY liquor store; cheap: owner retiring
from business. Box 917, Call Office.
BARGAIN— Hay. grain, wood and coal busi-
ness; good location: paying well: must sell
and leave city account of sickness. Address
box 904. Call Office.
$f)CO— SALOON and restaurant; opposite depot:
terminus 2 car lines; living and club rooms;
rent $40: b«t business opening In market.
Inquire WIELAND' 3 BREWERY.
SCHOOL supply and candy store, opposite
Grammar school with 600 scholars; house of
( rooms with store, rent $16; price $275. 1262
' Tenth aye.. East Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS tailoring establishment; cen-
trally located; must sell account of sickness.
' Box 857, Call office.
PATENTS.
SMITH &OSBORN, Rcgisfd Patent Agents:
established 1562.. 319 Pine St.; city. . : :.
FRENCH liquor store for sale or to let. £2S
Valencia st. ' ;
FIRST-CLASS bakery, 4 horses and 2 wagons;
good outside trade. Inquire at Call office,
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or at 133 Third St.. Portland, Oregon.
COFFEE nnd tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st ■
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call; sub-
pcilptions and want n-ls taken.
- ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
FOR SALE— Alaska; fine Newfoundland bitch;
95 lbs ; 3 years old; 2 greyhound bitches; also
puppies; first-class stock. B7 Clementina, bet.
First and Second.
ST. BERNARD-NEWFOUNDLAND dog; none
better for Klondike; $20 or trade. 402V4 Geary.
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed
and delivered to boats." SBARBORO & CO..
wholesale and retail grocers, 531 .Washington.
MARKET. *63>4— Part interest in patent right
for Alaska prospecting vehicle; adjustable to
slope; fit any road. C. KOENIG.
WANT 25 men who will go to a favorite point
'.Jn Alaska E. E. BUNCE, &08 Broadway,
Oakland, Cal. •. : .-.- -. * ,
LODGING HOUSES .FOR. SALE. .
15 rooms,' rent $35. only $273
25 rooms, rent $75. central, payments 1200
26 rooms, finest of furniture,- part cash
85 rooms, rent $100, part cash 1000
43 rooms, rent. sloo, clears $150 1700
45-room hotel,, central, elegant 4000
46 rooms, part cash, must g0... 7. 4500
50 rooms, exchange for property 3500
125 rooms, rent $120, this is a snap
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market st.
NEW MONTGOMERY, 105— Good chance to
make money; SO rooms: rent $76; terms half
cash; balance monthly payments.
GOING- to Washington— rooms, furnished;-
rent $33; clears $40; bargain. 48 Seventh st.
$150 BUYS 13rroom . lodging-house; v full; rent
cheap. Apply S2l Howard st. .
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
HOUSEHOLD furniture for sale cheap; reason,
leaving State. 1114 Florida st.
MUSICAL INSTRU-MEWS.
GOOD organ for practice, $20; a fine one, $45;
another, $55; almost new self-playing sym-
phony and lot of music, half price. The J.
DEWING CO., 2d floor. Flood building.
Fourth and Market sts.
A MAN through reverses, obliged' to give up
his home and his piano, offers an opportun-
ity this . morning to secure a very fine, al-
most new. instrument at a sacrifice for cash:
can be seen at warerooms. THE J. DEWING
CO., "1 floor. Flood bldg.,, Fourth and Market.
ANY person having use for a piano need not
do without when good Instruments can be
purchased from us at cash , prices upon
monthly payments of $3. $4. $5. $G. |7,'sS. $;i
$10: handsome scarf and wood spat stool In-
cluded ;no charge for cartage. Purcahse your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Stelnway without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and larcest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments 'of all
grades and prices. Terms easy, prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
CONOVER, slightly used, $350.
Steinway, slightly used. $275.
•"bickering, second hand. $190.
Large stock, lowest prices, rent. installments.
The F. W. SPENCER CO.. 933 Market st
PIANOS at cut prices; improve th» opportu-
nity agency famous Hntnes Bros.. flush &
Gerts and Bollerman. WM. C. HAMILTON. ,
successor . to A. L. Bancroft & Co.. 321 Post.
BARGAINS to-day A small English upright.
$."0: Decker & Son. vWium size. $175; Decker
Sr Son. lar<re size. $256: new Decker & Son,
all styles at bargains. 70? Market st.
. • I -i A Bacon, $S0; Ma-
fhiishrV, $14S; W*ber. $147: Vose & Sons.
j " ■ fine eonfllt'on: X per month. BENJ.
CTTRTAZ & PON. lfi O'Farrell st.
AT GARDNER * GLASSELL'S, 20S Post St..
you will find a Inrpre and varied stock of
pianos: price? and terms as reasonable ■ as
any house in the city.
I.ARGE assortment second-hand pianos. ISO;
nr,rli?-M?. Iv*«rs & Pond. Decker, Steinway,
Hornuni: and others. 216 Post st.
SOHMER&Co., Byron Mnuzy. Newby. Evans.
Ttrifrirs nnd nther pianos: spp our rent plan;
no interest first year. SOS, 310. 312 Post.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
immense reduction for cash or on Install-
ments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market st.
SMALLEST ad. lowest "price. Holne. 136 Ellis.
BARGAIN— Nice upricM cheap. BCHMITZ, 16
McAllister st.. hear Hlbe/nia Bank.
KINGSBURY 1 O 50 " ' rr"V1«11 Is the piano you
want. J. HARRY S^OTT. 5M Hayes st.
PUPF.PTOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTI.I.FTt. maker, repairer. 2 Lntham place.
KNAKfii pianos: new scale; new styles.
KOTTLF.R A CHASE, 88 O'Farrell ft.
HORSES.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan's Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant sts.
JUST arrived — S earlonds broke horses; 1200 to
1600 pounds. 145 Valencia st.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
or exchanged: cheap storage: 40 florses: must
■ell. T. P. NEWELL, 1802 Mission, cor. 14th.
40 HORSES for sale:, also wasrons. bugcles.
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Ptjrth st . auction sal<»s every Wed-
nesdr.v. ST7LLTVAN * DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGO-S AXD CARRIAGES.
WE sell at bargains the second-hand carriages,
coupes ami wn^onettes taken in exchange.
O'BRIEN & SONS, corner Golden Gate aye.
an.i Pott rt.
SECOND-HAND grocery, bakery delivery
wagons. 2-wheeled carts, road wagons. br.g-
pif>s and harness bargains for cash. Fifteenth
and Valencia sts.
2" SETS hand harness: also top Rockaway.
open wagon and cart. 1140 Folsom st.
I TOP buggy, new grocery, business huegy and
good 8-spring delivery wagon. 1161 Howard.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy: also 1 back. S2S Harrison st.
TEAS.
TEAS.
20, 25. 30, 35, 40, r,O per pound.
COFFEES.
1«, 15, 20, 25. 35. 40 per pound.
SPICES.
•10, 15, 20. 2.".. 40 per can.
RT'NNING 100 STORES ENABLES t'S TO
PELL Vr.RY CHEAP.
WE GIVE FREE
PRETTY DISHES.
GOLD WATCHES.
BICYCLES.
MT'SIC BOXES.
AIR RIFLFS.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
FOR SALE- MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Mc-
rNTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st.
FINE mandolin which cost $30 for $12 at UN-
CLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
NATIONAL cash register cheap. Inquire at
meat market. 570 Howard St.
ST. BERNARD pup— Douglass. 120; 1 year old;
champion pedigree: half price.
2 FRESH cows; 1 half-breed Jersey and Dur-
ham; large milkers: gentle. 1312 Folsom Bt.
Ft'R suit, complete; fine quality cinnamon
bear fur. cost $125. for $35. Apply after 8 p.
m. at lf3l Mission st.
TEN GALLON KKC. AT CAR LOAD PRICE.
Choice P.^iirbon whisky. S5 proof, $16 30; Jlc-
Prayer whisky. 100 proof, 5 years old, $22;
Al Jr.maclft rum, $1R 85; extra quality port.
FhTry, angelica, muscatel or Rhine wine, 2
years old, ?6 50; 4 y<>ars. $7 "0; real 6 year,
$R 50: genuine grnpo br.->ndy. VO proof. 3 year,
J?2: 5 year. $24 TO; Zlnfnnrtel claret. $4 35;
Burgundy claret. $5 2.'; no charge for cooper-
nge, or drayage; It pays to buy for cash.
Standard Liquor Co., 628 Market st.. S. F.
SAFES— New and second hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Fac, 533 Sacramento.
ENGTNE. boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1122-36 Mission st.
GOOfl PAIR shoe lasts; also dealer In second-
hand, tools, machinery, etc. ; mall orders
promptly attended to. 646 Mission st.
GAS stoves for heating, onp-half price; 1 and
2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Oolden Oate, aye.
SOME new and second-hand Sterling wheels;
b.?— rains. NICHOLS & CO.. 404 Battery st.
SAFES — Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
GRAPHOPHONFS. . $10: Records, $5 per doz. ;
Projectoscope, $100. Bacigalupl. 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mlfßion st.. above Sixth.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc..
bought and sold. 106S Mission, near Seventh.
FOR SALE— Cheap; second-hand fireproof safe,
nt 42 Main st.
SECOND-HAND dynamos, gasoline and pter.m
engines, boilers, pulleys, sha't'ne. laundry
machinery, etc. PMTTH CO . 527 Mission st.
NtWIIS MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth St.; phone Mint 45.
ALT' kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing; lowest rates. 505 Fourth at.
STORAGE.
AT low r*te«— Furniture, carpets, pianos.
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1023
Mission at., above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household toods, pianos; ad-
vancer) made; fireproof building. F. W.
ZEKFUBS, 840 Mission et. T«L Mint 182 L
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY T, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET. '
ALL OVER TOWN— S£ — — — -
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HO WELL. 10 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. 1512. near 2-story house,
] 6 rooms and bath. .
HOUSE of 6 rooms, bath,- yard; rent $20. Keys
J on premises, 1635 Hyde st. , ' , :
■ GEARY, 2209, cor. ! Devisadero— Modern house
i of 10 rooms and bath: owner will alter to
: suit tenant; rent $35. BURNHAM & MARSH
: CO., 628 Market st. . ' . .
■ LA GUN A. 2SIO, near Union — House of 6 rooms
and bath. , ... ...
MINNA, 323%— House of 6 sunny rooms, In
good order. Apply. 323, next door.
NEW house, 7 rooms; bath", basement, large
yard: $20; water free. 630 Point Lobos aye.
! SACRAMENTO, 1634— Sun all day; new through -
! out; tile and marble lavatories, etc.; Bee it
j and you will like it; rent reasonable.
SHOTWELL, 732— House 7 rooms, bath and
laundry: garden front and rear: rent $25.
FURNISHED HOUSES. .
BUCHANAN,' sUA— Furnished sunny corner, 6
rooms, bath; reasonable. ;
| S-ROOM furnished house, $35; 7 rooms, $31;
rooms all rented. 130 1*!1 *! Ninth st.
! GROVE, 717 — rent cheap to responsible
parties, neatly furnished house, 9 rooms and
bath; lovely garden; call between hours of 1
! and 3 o'clock; references required; as a part
or whole. - ■ •.. • ■ ■< -
GUERRERO, 112. near Market— Desirable par-
lor floor; C or 7 rooms; piano: sunny yard.
COTTAGES- TO LET.
j MINNA, 633— A cottage of 6 rooms, bath; large
! sunny yard; rent $20.
' RINCON aye.. 15— Sunny, 4 rooms, yard, cel-
lar, $11; also flat cheap; key grocery corner
Klncon aye. and Second St., near Brannan.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms; bath, base-
ment. yard; cheap. 1576 15th. near Dolores.
; TURK, — Cottage, 4-room; also 3-room rear
: cottage;. large stable; rent reasonable.
FLATS FURNISHED.
HOMES fitted out at half regular price at the
big sa.e of the Michigan furniture and car-
pets at PATTOSIEN'S. Sixteenth and Mis-
sion Ets.
FLATS TO LET.
A— 6o NICE flats and cottages, . under $10.
A — nice flats, cottages and houses, $10 ud
20 new flats at SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market!
ALL nXTVTt TVYTO^T "
You . see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 1C Montgomery st.
B r«l* O^FatVeU^t.? 9111 bath, stable. Apply
BROADWAY, 1122 A —Choice . upper sunny flat
4 rooms, $13. . . . .
CLAY, 1423—2 pleasant sunny unfurnished
rooms for light housekeeping.
CLAYTON, 574, south of Frederick— New mod-
ern flat, 4 rooms and bath; cheap.
CLEMENTINA, New bay-window flat of
. 5 rooms and bath: rent reasonable. ■ '
EDDY, 1244. near Laguna— Sunny flat of 5
rooms; bath: latest improvements.
ELEVENTH, 120—2 nicely furnished front
rooms, bay window, for housekeeping, $12;
upper flat. ■
FULTON. llS— Fine middle flat, 7 rooms, bath-
near City Hall; $25. .  * -■.
GEARY, 51S — Furnished sunny suite for house-
keeping: double and single rooms; bath and
pas: other suites.
GEARY, 1917— 520 for adults: , 4 comfortable
rooms: bath; 2 beds; gas and 'coal stoves; all
• necessaries.
GUERRERO, 1001 A, cor. Twenty-second— Sun-
ny modern flat; 6 rooms and bath; $24. .
HAIGHT, 1021, between Broderick and Baker—
Nice 6-room sunny flat: fine view.
MISSION, 563— Nice sunny housekeeping room;
cheap.
MISSION, 839— Sunny suite, complete for
housekeeping, $10; single rooms. $1 week.
NATOMA. 506-50S-510, near Sixth— s9 to $12;
sunny and convenient; see them to-day. •
NATOMA, 645— large sunny furnished rooms,
complete for housekeeping, , $11.
O'FARRELL. 406>~— Furnished C-room flat for
sale: rent $22 50.
O'FARRELL. 923 Furnished basement, cheap,
with large yard and kitchen.
SIXTH. 314— Two' ■ sunny rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; rent $8. " -j ■ '• ■'■
THIRD, Sunny housekeeping rooms; com-
plete; bath, gas.
5-ROOM upper flat, 315 O'Farrell St., near
Mason. Apply 1." Grant aye. ,
$13 — WATER free; lovely sunny lower 4-room
flat; modern; large lot; garden. 4075 Twenty-
5 third st., a few steps from Castro care. ■
$12 Cheapest fiat in city; 4 rooms and wash-
tubs. £20 Lr-rkln St. .
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
CASTRO, 405, rear— 2 or 3 nice sunny conveni-
ent housekeeping rooms; large yard; cheap.
EDDY. 628—3 elegantly furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms; parlor floor; private; just
what you want;' references; call after 2 p. m.
FILLMORE. 2212. near Clay— 2 sunny unfur-
nished rooms; good yard; $7.
HARRISON, 926'i— 2 unfurnished housekeeping
rooms, with sink nnd stove, $6.
HOWARD, 831— Parlor floor. 4 large rooms,
furnished or unfurnished, for housekeeping;
very cheap to right party. .
MAIN. 311—3 furnished rooms for light house-
keeping. $8 a month.-
MISSION; 1243—3 finely furnished connecting
I rooms: first floor. 1241 Mission st. ; $22 50.
I NINTH, 21— Complete for housekeeping; sunny
front suite; running water; single rooms, $6
upward.
NINTH. 113— Sunny front room, with kitchen,
complete for housekeeping, $12 per month:
grate and running water.
NOE, 151— Sunny alcove suite, furnished; 1 or
2 persons; $5 per month.-
PERRY, 263—4 unfurnished, all large, light,
sunny rooms, $12.
SIXTH. 119 A —Nicely furnished rooms; also
housekeeping. . .'. ■ ■•
STANLEY Place, 19— $10, 6 nice- sunny rooms,
including bath.
THIRTEENTH, 213. near Howard— 3 connect-
ing furnished rooms; range; yard; hot water;
grate. ■ - . .- . .
TURK, 543 — Large, nicely furnished front room
with kitchen, gas and bath: reasonable.
TWELFTH, 145, . corner .Howard— Sunny bay-
window suites, complete for housekeeping.,,,
VAN NESS aye.. 402— Parlor floor, unfur-
nished; newly renovated: sunny. Apply 400.
WASHINGTON, 1616-2. 3 or 5 housekeeping
rooms; very convenient.
. ROOMS TO LET!
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
punny rooms, en suite and iringle; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1151 Market— Nicely furnished
sunny single and double rooms, $S and $10 per
month; also nice suites.
FOURTH, 236— NicrljTfT ■ (shed double room
for 2 gentlemen; $S pet .iionth.
FULTON, 3 (Fulton House)— Nicely furnished
rooms: Elrgle or en suite: $S and $15 up.
GEARY, 402— Sunny furnished rooms for gents:
$6 and $7. . . .
GEARY, 622— Nicely furnished sunny front bay-
window room; also small rooms; bath andgas.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 212-Newly furnished
sunny front rooms, $8 and $10 per month. -
GOLDEN GATE aye., Pleasant room, suit-
' able for 1 or 2 gentlemen. • «
GOLDEN GATE AYE.. 10SO-2 or 3 large well-
furnished sunny rooms for light housekeep-
ing or single; gas cook stove and free use of
telephone. ■■■■'..'.■ ■ • .
GUERRERO. 536, cor. Thirteenth— 2 nicely fur-
. nlshec rooms; sun all day; bath; use of
kitchen if desired ; rent : reasonable.
GUERRERO, SE. cor. "Twenty-second— Hand-
some new store for any business;, rent low.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh . and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; ' families.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 Mission; select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HAVES, 631, near Laguna— Furnished room;
bath and gas.
HO WA RD, 650— Nice front sunny single room:
also one room with grate; suitable for one or
two.
HOWARD, 715, ST. DAVID'S— 2OO rooms;
suites; single; sunny reading-room; 25c up.
HOWARD, Sl9 fThe Hanover)— Nicely fur-
nished bay-window suite, suitable for any
business, $3 per week; also transient.
HOWARD, BB»— Doctor* ■ offlcfl to let? also
suite or single rooms; reasonable.
LARKIN. 327— Newly furnished sunny front
rooms, near Pavilion.
LEAVENWORTH, 517— Single furnished room
for gentleman.
LEXINGTON, 212 Eddy— Large sunny front
suites, also single; for gentlemen.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
MARKET, 1028—3 rooms, furnished complete,
$12; part rent taken in board.
MARKET. 1032— (New management); fln<>, clean
rooms $1 to $2 50 per week: transient, 25c up.
MARKET. 1926— (The Hawthorne)— Furnished,
unfurnished; single rms., suites; Jubilee vis.
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay
window room; $1 a week.
MISSION". Ss4— Bay-window double parlors;
suitable for physician or dentist.
MISSION, 1025— Nicely furnished front suite of
parlors; also single rooms; gae.
NATOMA. SI, cor. Second— Sunny front rooms;
single and double; respectable place; quiet
and reasonable prices.
NINTH, 130^2— Back parlor, grate, $5; small
room, $4 75; all sunny.
O'FAIiRHLL, 1310— Sunny homelike room; hot
and cold water; private.
WEEK— Large sunny furnished room, bath;
<loset; private. 814 Fifth st.
PAGE, 509>t— Large, well lighted furnished
room; every convenience; suitable for dress-
maker.
POST, 239, 3 blocks Palace Hotel (Bohemia)— !
Runny rooms; fine view; tourists; elevator.
POST, 601, cr,r. Mason (Tho Randolph)— so bay-
window pnrlors; smaller rooms; running wa-
ter; gas; $1 50 to $4 50 per week; $5 to $20 per
month.
POST, 240 C —Lady can get nicely furnished
room in private home; very reasonable; use
of kitchen or board if desired.
POWELL, 203 (The Montello)— Sunny suites
and single rooms; reasonable; transient.
POWELL. 2X3— New house; newly furnished;
suits and single; also office rooms.
R. R. HOUSE. 833 Commercial, near Mont-
jr m y_Beds, 10c, 15c, etc; coffee and rolls free.
SECOND, 52 (Central House)— Single and
double rooms; most reasonable; quiet and re-
spectable.
SEVENTH, 142— Furnished suites and single
rooms at lowest rates. MRS. PRAHL, prop.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
lIOTWELL, 881. bet Sixteenth and Seven-
teenth—l or 2 partly furnished bay-window
rooms; no other roomers.
SIXTH. 136— Nicely furnished front bay-win-
dow room: also other rooms: $1 25 week up.
STOCKTON. 17. European— Elegant rooms:
suite or single; day. week or month: baths;
hot and cold water: transient: elevator.
TEHAMA, 272, Iti the rear— A sunny unfur-
nished room to let.
TEHAMA, 415%— Nicely furnished front room;
suitable for one or two gentlemen.
SUTTER. 715-717-719. and 609 Hyde— Furnished
and unfurn.; choice for offices; reasonable.
Cor HUSINESP cards printed $1: 11 visiting
cards. 25c HILL. 721U Market St.
BOARDING AND ROOM 9
EDDY. 220— Sunny front single and double
rooms; first-class board. $3 r.O.
FIKST-i'LASS b. artl. without room, $12 month;
references. 1105 Hyde st.
FOLSOM. PI I— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HOTEL SALISBURY: beautiful grounds: ta-
ble unsurpassed. 299 Hyde. cor. Eddy.
POWELL, 50! Large sunny corner room,
piano; single rooms. $20 up with board.
THIRD. 530— Rooms and hoard: choice suite
two front rooms: suitable for two gentle-
men or man and wife, in hotel opposite
South Park; excellent board: terms $4.> per
month with b ard. Apply Central Hotol.
TURK. ?12— Nice moms and board In private
family: bath, gratp. excellent table; cars pass
the door: terms $20 up.
VAX NESS aye.. SOS— Newly furnished sunny
rooms; good bonrd: terms moderate.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
PLEASANT, refined home, best of care" for 2
little girls at 1727 McAllister st.
WANTED— I or 2 small children to board; best
of care. 17 Third st.
WOMAN wants 1 or 2 children to board: good
home, near school; sunny yard; fresh milk.
22.-.1 Mf«ton st. • " "
STORES TO LET.
BUILDING 28x128; any business: plumbers, bi-
cycles, coal yard, carpenters; 5 rooms; lease.
! 1216 Oak st. ,
CHURCH. 1302— . corner store; rooms;
cheap; first month frr-e.
HEALTHY location rear school; large yard;
j, best 'of. cat*. r*?i Mission* :*'"",' ' " ■ * "'""
I $26— FURNISHED large fireproof store; center
I of business. St. Helena; long lease. Address
lock box 13. St. Helena. Cal.
FACTORIES TO LET.
MISSION, 579,, opp. Wells-Fargo's new build-
ing—Second and third floors: power available
. for straw works, paper box or shirt fac-
tory, etc.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy. languages. English branch-
es: electrical, civil & mining engineering, sur-
veying, assaying, etc. : 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. :
Individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50: low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING school; civil, electrical, min-
ing, m»ch.. survey, assay, srehit ; day ft eve.;
e^t. ISR4. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING nnd rapid calculations: a
course In Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572. R!is Market St.
PIANO, violin, mandolin and guitar lessons.
ROc; one month trial lessons free. Address
F.. 2520 Mission st.
VOICE culture, plnno Paris graduate: French,
Spanish: new classes; $2 mn. 10<» Taylor st
FLUTE, mandolin, enltar lessons: club $1
monthly. PROF. OASTALDI. 710 Lombard.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket St.; 124 positions In '96; 103 in '97.
LUDLUM School of Elocution and Dramatic
Art. 928 Sutter st.
FIPK teachers' agfnetes in 10 cities: teachers
winted now. 420 Parrott hulldlne.
33!» HAYF.S ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscript and nd-« taken. .
DENTISTS.
FULL set of teeth, $5; painless extraction; see
our combination plate, thin as paper; war-
ranted 10 years; teeth without plates; crown
and bridge work our specialty; teeth Im-
planted or transplanted; fillings 50c, crowns
$3 50: all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors: painless
dentistry: n° shock; painless extraction a
positive fact; full set of teeth. $5 up; silver
firings, 25c up: gnld crowns, $3 50 up; your
teeth put in without a plate: open evenings.
897 Market St., cor. Sixth; 'Phone Jcsslo 695.
NEW YORK Dpntlsts— Painless extraction, 50c;
plates, $R; gold filling, 75c up; silver, 25c upi
plates mended, $1 up; special Inducements
to Klondlkers; open evenings and Sundays.
969 Mission st., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. 11th; no
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from $S
per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
S— FULL set of teeth; best make: kept in
repair; extracting free: fillings. 50c; crowns.
$3 60 Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 Third st.
ALLEN GRIFFITHS, dentist, has resumed
practice. 44 Donohoe bldg, Market & Taylor.
L. A TEAGUE, A. CANE and F. TEAGUTC,
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J."
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
SFT of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
COLTON D^ntnl Association. SO6 Market st.
DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
CO-PARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
CERTIFICATE of . Partnership— certify
that we constitute a r-Ttnership, transacting
•business of transfer, ; furniture moving, stor-
age and drayage in this State. Its principal
' place of business is 12" Grant avenue, San
' Francisco. California. 'Its ■ name is SAN
FRANCISCO TRANSFER COMPANY. The
full names and respective places, of ; resi-
dence of all its members are signed hereto,
• • - Dated at San Francisco, February second,
(2d) 'j 89 J. GAFFNEY. [Seal]
; 81SV4 Sansome street.
LEMUEL H. LUCAS, [Seal]
811 Lombard street.
, GEORGE ' R. P. GRUNWALD, ' [Seal]
- 10 Miles court.
A. W. JOHNSON, ■ .  [Seal]
. - ; 114 Webster street.
Filed February. 6. 1898. •■■•■■•■■■ v - -- ,• v
-■ .. ":".-. . .-,. C. F. CURRY. Clerk.
By WILLIAM A. DEAXE. Deputy Clerk.
-^ WRITERS.
REMINGTON No. -3; fine order; $25: :, sample
pent. SCOTT & B ANN AN. ?1>,2? l >,2 Montgomery.
:.;,. . - : .;/-• PHYSICIANS. -■/ ,■; • ,: ,:-
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence, ;
, UO6- Market; diseases of women a special ty.
PERSONALS.
■ ! I WISH that everybody who should happen to
. read the false statements ; which a certain
. little weekly publishes about my ability as
vocal instructor would call at my office and
get the addresses of all; my : pupils and in-
■; quire of their friends and relatives as to their
really wonderful improvement. JOS. GRE-
VEN, Murphy building. Market and Jones.
I CARPENTER . who understands plumbing
would like small estate to keep in repair: al-
i ready has one; terms reasonable; bonds given
If required. , Box 939. Call office.;
BLSINhSSPERSONALSv^^^.
12 RESPECTABLE ladies. >lnd gentlemen to
■ join select party to go t<F good gold location
(surface) at cost of $300 each! ■ For particulars
. address box 950, Call office. -.
QUIXOX'IA is a powerful ■ nourishment : for the
hair. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st. ■ :
SEND for my "New ; Treatise on the Hair,"
free; I dress hair for 25c; good switches, : $1;
finest, best quality, ; $3 50; extra heavy, long,
$5; open Sundays from: 9 to 12. G. LED-
ERER, 111 Stockton st. • , ';■ . " ■
■ MARRY— Send description and 10c for best
marriage paper published;' sent in plain en-
velope.' R. L. LOVE, box 1600, Denver, Colo.
ANY person desirous of getting married, call or
send 10c forcopyof February "Wedding Bell,"
14 pages; 518 gents, 357 ladies; no $5 required.
EDITOR,' 111 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal. .
CAL. Institute, 402>4 Geary— Hypnotism practi-
. cally taught ; diseases and habits cured.
TRUNKS moved, 25c. Commercial Transfer
Co., 22 Stockton st.;. phone Main 49.
NEW method massage, electric treatment;
heated room. MRS. JOHNSTON, 4 514& Geary.
DR. MOHRDIECK. electro-therapeutics; dis-
eases cured; consultation free. -10fi% O'Farrell.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., nr. • Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per. week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MISS ANDERSON, graduate, Swedish nurse:
baths; genuine massage; Swedish movement;
ladles, gents. 806 Market St., room 25. 2d floor.
ADVICE fre»; divorce laws specialty: private;
no fee without success: collections. O. W.
HOWE, att-at-law, 850 Market, cor Stockton.
BADGKS, photo, and badge buttons, made in
Psn "FrnrcißCo fit Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 535 Clay et.. S. F.
SUIT to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market Bt.. bet. 7th and Sth. .
$14— Suit to order: samples; try one. NKU-
HAT7S & CO.. tailor*. 115 Keirny at.
CLOAKS- and tailor-made suits retailed at
wholesale figures. 20 Ransome st.
| SUPERFLUOUS hairs removed by electrolysis.
MRP. r>R. WTU.CH. ?11K Ttn«ln. ;■.-■-'..-:■
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ARRIVED! ARRIVED! ARRIVED!
TRANCE MEDIUM AND CLAIRVOYANT.
DR. REEDE.
HE TELLS E-V-E-R-Y-T-H-I-N-G.
He gives full names, dates, facts and ficr-
ures. Dr. Reedft wishes it distinctly under-
stood h^ accepts no fee unless you find him
SUPERIOR TO ANY MEDIUM or Clair-
voyant in San Francisco. V.'hpn In doubt or
trouble of any kind see this ciftpd man. and
be will set you rieht. He has helped others.
He will help you. He doesn't want your
money if be can't benefit jou.
Private parlors. 23fi Slitter, nr. Kearny; r. 1.
Office hours from 9 a. m. to 6 p. m. Sun-
days to 2 p. m.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium:, while en-
tranced she will reveal every hidden mystery
In life: she will show you how to overcome
your enemies, remove family troubles, restore
lost affections: unites the separated, recov-
ers lost, stolen or burled' property: locates
treasures, minerals: tell 3 your, entire . life. .
past, present and future, while In a perfect
trance. Hours in a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect .
satisfaction guaranteed by mall. Send stamp
for circular with special terms. MRS. DR. F.
CLARK, nrs.2.* * 28, 120R Market, opp. Blh.
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant r a rd-
reader. born double veil and second sight:
diagnosis disease: full life readlntr: la.. ROc;
gents. $1: palm, A- clalrv. : sit. $1 50.126 Turk.
MME. LE NORMANDE, clairvoyant. , card
render, magnetic treatment; hours, 10 to 9.
401 Leaven worth st: :'.'"/:
MMF.. LFNF.MAR—^ortnnos told hr nlnnrts;
predicted "74" overdue steamer. 2"Vi Sixth St..
room 6.
MISS JENNIE BROWN/ PTived: magnetic
healer: mind reader. 223 Post. St., room 11,
second floor.
YOUR future told by cards; ladies, 10c; gent 3,
2".c. 327 Fifth st. - --. ■
MMF.. IDA SCHMIDT. mntrnetist, card reader
and fortune, teller. 111 Geary, room 2.
MYRTLE POTTER — Returned: oardrender.
magnetist. 865% Market St.. room 12. 2d floor.
MM~F - MORE.\T- test medium^ ' clairvoyant,
card-render: 23c up: 73 Fourth St.. upstairs.
MME. SYP.TLLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture 23c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MISS LOLA M. STEVFXS. card-reading nnd
magnetic treatment. 225 Mason, suite 1-2.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT. 131 Taylor St., room
3; mind reader and palmist. .
RAY FAlR— Card reader; magnetic healing a
specialty. - 223 Post st., room 2. , > ■
MMF. OLLIE LAKE: returned from Chicago;
card reader. 90$ Market St.. or 9 Ellis, r. 22.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant nnd
water reader. fi2l'i Mission: German spoken.
MME. HANSEN. palmist, card-writer; past,
present and future: 25c. US Sixth, room 6.
MRP. SHAFFER.' test nid business medium:
sittings dally. \2Vt, Sixth St., room 14.
MRS. MANDENA. medium and palmist; read-
ings J6«S this week: satisfaction gai-;td.'26 6th.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in her pro-
'«sir-r: . r>"ver f«'l«: ndv'c»: help. 9*9 Pout.
MME RA VENA reads life fluentiv: business
>ilvlrp: norces given: ?'c up. 5 Fourth st.
SPIK TI'ALISJI.
BOOKS— nnd pniritual at 1429 Market
St.. office of Philosophical Journal.
MISS STfRIVKi: clfi'vvovnnt for business and
spiritual sittlners. ??fl Kearny st.. room 21.
M"S FAIRBANKS, clairvoyant; cir. Tue".
Frl. eve.: TV: rendlnsrs daily: 2,*. 50c: lIS fith.
A. M. FRANCIS, independent slate-writer: de-
veloping circle 'Wedn.'Fday eve. US Hnlpht st.
MRS J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
m,>««prfv«rt!i advice. 71 ? Rto*»lrton st. .
MEDICAL.
A PROCESS that Is perfectly harmless: never
falls In any case of monthly sickness, no
matter what cause: no electricity humbug
or other dangerous methods: money tn every
case refunded If a. cure Is not effected:
travelers helped Immediately: years' experi-
ence; home in confinement with . sanitarian
convenience.". Cofisult free the only reliable
physicians, DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1 City
Hall aye., corner McAllister- and Leaven-
■worth sts.; hours. 9 a. m. to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m.
ALL monthly Irregularities or other conditions
from -Mhptrver cause restored at once: : safe
and sure at any time; : kind sympathy and
aid: instant relief for travelers: tumors re-
moved by electricity; home In confinement;
b'"»t rur 11 find privacy: for guaranteed- relief
consult the doctor, free,, before sroinp else-
where: repulntinsr pills an capsules. $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 918 Post st., near Larkin.
A PROCESS that never fails to restore every
case of monthly ■ sickness ■ from .whatever
cause In few hours when medicines and others
hay» failed: no Instruments used:; many
years' experience: every case guaranteed; ad-
vice free: terms reasonable: first-class pri-
vate home for confinement. MRS. PR.
I DALEY. 1128 Market st., over Owl Drugstore.
FT RE cure, whin others fall; no medicine or
Instruments; every ■ woman . her own , physi-
cian for all female troubles, no matter, from
what cause: restore In 1 day: never falls: con-
sultation free: can be sent and used at home.
DR. POPPER. SIS Kearny. Orders by tele.
DRS. GOODWIN, diseases of women: ladies:
safe, quick cure guaranteed: any ailment:
maternity home: best rare; skill only: low
fees: Dr. S^huck's self-cure, $.'. 4f>l Vari Ness.
A I=OON to wlv-i» and mothers— prli:»
« 80. RICHARDS & CO., 40C Clay St.: send
2c stamp for- particulars io Seguro Manu-
facturing: Co., RSI X st.. Sacramento. 2 Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
. fer.i.O tn.h'e?: no dan<cr: Mnfe/'i-ur-:- J2 ">0;
rxprpsr. C. O. D. : don't delay until too lute.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.'
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities; jruaranteed
cure at office. $5: cansules. J2 50; hours 10 to
5. DR. and MRS. KOHL. 1118 Market st.
DR. HALL. 1 City Hall aye., cor. McAllister
and Leavenworth sts. ; diseases of women and
children.
STERILITY cure.l by Mrs. Dr. Rattler, gradu-
ate midwife. 1709 Powell St.: tel. Red 2641.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: Infallible safe reme-
dies: 3S years experience. 2"i4'<i Fourth st.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 14*6 Sth st.. Alameda.
DRS. K. ft K. cure chronic, nervous, blood.
Bk'n or private diseases. S I.lason St.. S. F.
LEGAL NOTICES.
STATE of California— l. EMILIE SAXLEH-
NER, of Budapest, Hungary, doing busi-
ness under the firm name of Andreas Sax-
lehner, hereby certify that I bottle and sell
Mineral Water, to wit: Bitter Water, bear-
in? the words. "Saxlehner's Bitterquelle
Hunyadl Janos," In raised letters blown in
the bottom of each bottle, and that my prin-
cipal place of business In the State of Cali-
fornia Is In the County of San Francisco.
Dated January 21, I«>R.
EMILIE SAXLEHNER.
CITY REAL. ESTATE.
ONLY $1300: ONLY $1800! — — -
COST $3000 COST $3000.
Nice bay-window cottage of 6 rooms and
bath; brick foundation, cement walks
around the house and in front; street work
done: good location; 1 block rrom cars In Oak-
land; don't fail to see this.
R- MURPHY, 628 Market st
$2100— CALIFORNIA St., between Baker and
Lyon; lot 2"ixlOO: street accepted; cable cars
pass the property; lots in this block have
recently sold for $3500: this is a Klondike
sale. O. D. BALDWIN & SON, 22 Mont-
gomery st.
IF YOU INTEND BUILDING let me submit
an estimate, with plans and specifications;
no charge: best of references! bortds, etc. W
W. KEDNALL, Builder, 1326 Hayes st.
A— s6soo; CORNER house at park; only corner
unsold of 6 just completed: very handsomely
finished, marble steps and built by day work,
every possible convenience and every room
sunny; terms to suit. Apply ALBERT WIL-
FORD, cor. Shrader and Beulah sts., 2 blocks
south of Haight, from 1 to 4.
2 LOTS for sale cheap: Preclta Valley. Apply
to JOHN T. GRAHAM, 27th and Alabama sts.
STOP paying rent. Begin the now year right.
Remember the difference between paying
rent and owning your own home Is worthy of
a great struggle.
Two cottages of 7 rooms, bath, large pantry,
plenty of closet room, sink tiled, fine high
basement, all floored, brick foundation, cement
side and garden walks, stylish front, all mod-
ern Improvements up to date; must be seen to
be appreciated: $3000; terms to suit purchaser.
Apply on premises, corner Cortland aye. and
Mission St., to J. M. COMERFORD. from 1 to
S:3O p. m. ; take Misslon-st. cars to Cortland ay.
COUNTRY itEAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE or Exchange— A farm of 800 or 700
acres; nicely improved: 18 miles from Pain
Alto; good buildings; 200 acres In cultivation;
easy terms; part cash. Address box 958, Call.
FOR sale— 3SB9-acre ranch at |50; crops, imple-
ments, stock, water ditch and water; switch
on the ranch and 11-acre fine lemon and or-
ange grove. 8 years old. In full bearing; pos-
sess at once. Particulars address C. PAR-
MENtER. Winters. Cal. Wanted— sso,ooo for 3
years. 6 per cent; real estate security; no agts.
FIRST, 264— 51150; 150 acres pasture or chicken
ranch; house of 5 rooms; 3 large barns,
chicken houses, milk house: live creek
through place; plenty of wood; family orch-
ard ; 40 miles from Snn Francisco.
MILL Valley— For sale, house, furnished or un-
furnished: very reasonable. Call or address
box 884, Call office.
$120 PER year, for rent, chicken ranch of 12
acres, located near Oakland. Inquire at 1802
Myrtle street. Oakland.
ADDRESS box S4R. Call office, to get descrip-
tion of ranch for the purpose of blddinp on
It; either in exchange of property or cash.
LITTLE homes close to town; Improved; easy
terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces on 8 and 10
years' credit. D. H. TWING. Sonoma City;
every Monday at 632 Market St.. S. F.
2000 ACRES of cnal land In one body for sale.
For particulars apply to NEIL MUNRO. Russ
House, 141 Montgomery -St., S. F., Cal.
BOOK and lint of cheap land free. M. M.
ORIFFIN. Cottonwood. Rhasta County. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL, ESTATE.
BARGAIN— S2SO to $500 cash: new 9-room
house; close to local: large lot: 10 minutes'
walk to City Hal!; worth $5000; make offer.
WM. P. TODD, 1050 Broadway, Oakland.
SUNNY cottage, bet. Center and Adeline .«t.
stations: ." rooms and bath: large lot, 60x11 S;
gnort r-<ghborhood: modern house; price $2800;
terms to suit: Installment plan If desired.
Like Shore Land Co., 1070" Broadway, Oak-
Ir.ml.
FOR sale at a sacrifice— A corner lot 100x141 in
Klmhurst. $3nO; fenced and planted with
fruit trees- mn«t b° sold Immediately. DAHL-
532U Hay« Ft.. S. F.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
OFFICE OF O. G. MAY & CO.,
2123 Center st., Berkeley.
$27(V>— For sale on terms to suit, a fine lanye
house of 7 room's and bath: lot 40xtt5; street
work done: close to electric cars, local,
churches and university; property worth $3300.
$2400 — New cottage of 6 rooms and bath:
handy tp cars; hf>st of plumbing: good hi*h
basement: convenient in every respect; lot
85x135; fruit trees and flowers; street work
done. Call and name your terms.
NEW house of 7 rooms, all' modern improve-
ments, 2 blocks from station; all street work
done: easy terms. JAS. J. MASON, Real
Estate, Berkeley Station.
ORDERED by mortgagee to sell fine corner
lot, house of 9 rooms, beautiful view, near
station: a bargain. JOS. J. MASON, Real
Estate. Berkeley Station.
PKOPERTY TO FXCJ'ANGF.
GOOD-RKNTINO Oakland property to ex-
chance for ranches. EDSOX & TURTON,
1200 Broadway, Oakland.
MOXEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at fi l^ per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, undivided inter-
ests, real estate in probate, life Insurance,
goods In warehouse, furniture and pianos
without removal; mortirapes and lepacles
bought: no delay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Mont-
gomery, room 3.
LOANS en furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no • delays. ,T.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal; mdse In storage: life Ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc. ; low in-
terest; private; no com. R. 6S, 1170 Market.
$"> l*P to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOT'GAN & CO.. 230 Kearny St.; upstairs.
HIiTHIjY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 94S Market St.; tel. Green 204.
WE loan on real estate at 6 and 64 per cent:
also on second mortgages: life insurance and
real estate in probate: any sum. Manhattan
Loan Co., r. 10 (ground floor). Mills building.
LOANS on real estate and on furniture or
pianos without removal; any amount; lowest
rates. BECKER & CO., 328 Montgomery st.
$1,000,000 TO loan on diamonds; low Interest:
perfect secrecy: private entrance: gentle-
manly assistants. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth st.. upstairs: strictly private; low
rates: tel. Red 1121: established I<W).
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortpnres, estntea in pro-
hnte. Ptc. Room 7. M California st.
ffiO TO $.V>.(W>; lnwp«t rnt»«: W nn«l 2d mnrtK-:
nny proposition I>rv,l.-n. 411 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any mm: I»t and 2.1 mort-
Kaßes. eFtnten. etc MimPllY. (0 Mkt st.
ON. piano!", furniture; n<» removnt: lowest
1 rates: no rom.: private- 11* McAllister at.
9IXTH. 10— M- • r»IU» ' »i«e» to borrow
nioTi'-' ■' " • -
fixaxcialT" ',
J. BOAP. 330 MontK<imery »t.— !-• nn« on life
insurance policies and buy hunk books.
LOANS on real e*t*t». bonds, • etc. : lowest
rates. MoAFKE TinnS.. !''< M'""»"""" St.
—WANTED^
MONEY WANTED- on ranch worth $SOOO.
near Woodland: will pay 8 per cent. DECK-
ER. 1020 Mark«t st. • ■
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. ' •
PRIVATE law matters, insolvency, collections;
. moderate fees: . free advice; open evenings.
■ McCABE, 103 Larkln st. .- - - , •■: -.r. r ■
ADVICE free; divorce- law a specialty; private;
no f»e without success; collections. O. W.
'■ HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be
handed In at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished.
BORN.
ANDERSON— In this city, January 30, 1898, to
the wife of Walter E. Anderson, a son.
DOLPH— In Eureka, January 29, 189S, to the
wife of John Dolph, a son.
FORRESTER— Near Edgewood. February 2,
1898, to the wife of H. J. Forrester, a daugh-
ter.
GAUTIER— In Lone Star, January 30. 189S, to
the wife of C. I). Gautier, a daughter.
KING— In this city, January 30, IS9B, to the
wife of R. J. King, a daughter.
KNUDSEN— At the United States Lifesaving
Station, Humboldt Bar, January 29, 1898, to
the wife of Andrew Knudßen, a daughter.
NEWLIN— In this city, January 31, 189S, to the
wife of Harold Parker Newlln, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BURTON— MURRAY— In Yreka, January 28,
IS9B, by Hon. J. S. Beard, Superior Judge,
Stephen T. Burton and Annie Murray.
DAVIS— CONROY— In Auburn, February 1,
IX9B, by Judge J. E. Prewett, John Davis and
Ellen Conroy.
HtLi-BOWASH— In Arcata, January SO, 185S,
by the Rev. A. Holbrook, Howard S. HIU
and Josephine Sowash.
DIED.
Alexander, Grace M. Lnberge. Edward
Brownstone. Moses L Luttr'.nger. Janrt E.
Christensen (infant) McVey, Mary
Daman, Theodore Nita, Sadahachl
Davis, George Petersen, Martha
Ebaugh, George W. Post, Hannah 11. E3.
Hall. Wlnslow G. Serveau. Olga
Hartley, Samuel Sherwood, Pearl D.
Hattabough. Joseph Staude. John
Janlin<\ Allan McC. Stonehill, Edward B.
Johnson. Jacob C. Wilson, Hobert
Kelly, Michael J. Wynne. Mrs. Ann
Kryger, Christian A. Young, Mary
ALEXANDER— In Alameda, February 6, 1898,
Grace. Melville, daughter nf Mr. and Mrs.
Charles M. Alexander, 'aged 22 years 7
months and 11 days.
|E^"Friond* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, ISII Buena Vista avenue. Interment
private. Mountain View Cemetery-
BROWNSTONE— In this city, February 5. 1803.
Moses L.. beloved father of Isaac. David,
Jacob. Henry and Samuel Brownstone. Mrs.
J. Schnltzer. Mrs. I. H. Jacobs and Mrs. G.
Abrams, a native of Kempen, Prussia, aged
88 years.
CHRISTENSEN— In this city. February 6. 1898,
Infant daughter of Charles and Sarah Chris-
tenson, aged 2 days.
DAMAN— In this city, February 6, 18M, at his
residence. 10OT "ak street, Theodore, dearly
beloved husband of Hedwlg Daman, and be-
loved father oi Susannah and Reta Daman,
and son-in-law of Maria Men, a native of
Luxenburg. aged 56 yean and 3 days.
El^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at S:l5 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, IW7 Oak street, near Scott, thence to
St. Boniface Church. Golden Gate avenue,
near Jones street, where a solemn high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at !):15 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
DAVIS— In this city. February 6, IS9S, George
Davlp, beloved brother of Mrs. Robert Pack-
ham, and uncle of Thnmas G. and Elizabeth
A. Packham, a native of Gallingham, Kent.
England, aged CS years.
E^"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resl.
dence, »W7 Minnesota street. Interment <\v»
press Lawn Cemetery, by the electrlc-ca»
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
EBAUGH— In Willow Valley, February ■», IS9B,
George W. Ebaugh, a native of California,
aged 21 years 4 months and -21 days.
HALI-— ln this cUy. February 6. IS9S. Win*
slow O. Hall, a native of Cohasset, Mass.,
aged 64 years 10 months and 15 days.
HARTLEY— In the City and County Hospital,
February 6, 1898, Samuel Hartley, a native oi
England, agtd 51 years.
HATTABOUGH-In this city. February 6, 1898,
Joseph W., beloved son of Rose and W. Hat*
tabough, grandson of John A. and Enzabetlj
McDonald, and nephew of W. and the lata
James J. McDonald, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 3 months and 5 days.
JARDINE— In this city, February 4, 189S, Al-
lan McCulloch, beloved son of J. B. and
Sarah Jardine, a native of San Francisco,
aged 16 years 4 months and 10 (Sayfll
inTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the services, held at
the home of his parents at 39 Noe street, at
2:30 o'clock. Interment private.
JOHNSON— In this city, February 5, 1898, Ja-
cob C. Johnson, a native of New Jersey, aged
71 years.
[E7Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow luesday), at 10
o'clock, from his late residence, 1519 Van
Ness avenue.
KELLY— In the City and County Hospital.
February 6, IS3S, Michael Jerome Kelly, a
native of Ireland, aged 50 years.
KRYGER— In this city, February 4. 1898, Chris-
tian A., beloved husband of Ingeborg M.
Kryger, a native of Copenhagen, Denmark,
nged 69 years 1 month and 20 days. A mem-
ber of the Scandinavian Society. «
E7"Friend3 and acquaintance! are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. February 9. at 2 o'clock, from his late
residence, 16uS Baker street, between Busli
and Pine. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LABERGE— At his home on the San Pablo
ranch. Contra Costa County, February 5, 1898,
Edward, beloved husband of Augusta La-
berge, and father of E/ddie and Marguerite
Laberge, a native of Canada, aged 50 yeara
9 months and 14 days.
C^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
Berkeley, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10:30 . o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
LUTTRINGER— In this city. February 3. 1898,
Janet E., beloved wife of Richmond J. Lutt-
ringer, daughter of Peter and the late Cather-
ine Dewar, and -sister of Mary, Allen C. and
Thomas B. Dewar, a native of Scotland, aged
2S years and 7 month?.
(tyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3f>22 Nineteenth street, between Va-
lencia and Guerrero. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
McVEY— In this city, February 5. 189S, Mary,
wife of the late Chnrles McVey, and beloved
mother of P. H., Charles A.. Mary A. and
Kate F. McVey and Mrs. Rose 11. Brennan,
a native of County Tyrone, Ireland.
IT^The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 9:20 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 312 Fell street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner Fell and Fillmore
streets, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
NITA— In the City and Coanty Hospital, Feb-
ruary 6, 1898, Sadahachl Nita, a native of
Japan, aged 43 years.
PETERSEN— In this city, February- 5, 1898,
Martha Petersen, beloved mother of Law-
rence, Ferdinand and Gustave Peterson. Mrs.
Julius de Gerrick and Mrs. Julius Hibscher. a
native of Sonderburg, Sehleswlg-Holstein,
Germany, aged 78 years 7 months and 26
days. (Vallejo papers please copy.)
lEs*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her son-in-law, Julius llibscher, 37
Washington avenue, between Ninth and
Tenth, Mission and Howard streets. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
POST— From this city to higher life, February
6. IS9S, Hannah H. Baker Post, beloved
mother cf Mrs. Charles E. Foye, Mrs. E. P.
Tallant of Enclnitas and Mrs. G. AY. Bun-
nell cf Oakland, a native of Vermont, aged
8S years 9 months and 10 days.
[E^Funeral and cremation strictly private.
SERVEAU— In this city, February 5, 1898,
Olga, beloved daughter cf Mr. and Mrs.
Emile Serveau, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 years 2 months and 22 days.
(D^Friends a>nd acquaintance.-; are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from ln>r parents'
residence. 410 Eleventh avenue, near Point
Lobos, thence to French church of Notre
Dame dcs Victolres, Bush street.
SHERWOOD— In this city, i'-hruary 6, IS9B,
Pearl D., beloved daughter of William James
and Pauline Sherwood, and sister of Mrs.
K. A. Lundstrom, Mrs. . . :::nes Nash, Mm.
F. W. Ammann, Lila an.i R. Bert Sherwood
and Mollie and Fred Bates, a native of San
Francisco, aged 13 years 3 months and 4
days
[CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 416 C Seventeenth street, be-
tween Eureka and Douglass. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
STAUDE— In this city, February 6, IS9B. John,
beloved husband of Elizabeth Staude. and
father of Fred, Henry A.. John Jr. and
Charles Staude and Mrs. Louis Wisemann,
a native of Germunden, Krets Frankenberg,
Germany, aged 5$ year 3 and 1 day. A mem-
ber of North Beach Lodge No. 9. Hermann's
Sons, Eureka Grove No. 4. Dl A. O. D.,
Chapter No. 3, U. A. O. D.. Knights and
Ladies of Honor and Independent Rifles,
(C?"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 118 Trenton street, thence to Odd Fel-
lows' Hall, corner of Seventh and Market
streets, where the services will be held,
commencing at 2 o'clock, under the auspices
of Harmony Lodge No. 13, I. O. O. F. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
STONEHILL— In this city, February 6; IS9B,
Edward .8.,' t beloved husband of Sarah J.
Stonehill, M : native of . Germany, aged 69
: years and 8 days. , . -:.-.., 0
(ETFriends and : acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the ' funeral this day .
(Monday), at 1:45 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, under the auspices of Mount Moriah
Lodge No. 44; F. and' A. M. ■ Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, : by 3:15 ; o'clock train
• from Third and Townsend : streets. . v.-'v:
WILSON— this ; city, February 6. IMS, . Rob-
ert, beloved son of Mrs. ! Elizabeth Wilson.
'< aged 24 years. •..•'• . . ■
WYNNE— In Vallejo, 'February 6, IS9B, Mrs.
Ann Wynne. 3 -.-.. ' • .
YOUNG — In I this city, February 5, 1898, Mary,
j : dearly beloved wife of Alexander Young, and
. ; mother cf Alexander Young Jr.; a native •of
County Lin crick, Ireland, aged 51 years. "
' ICTTrlenils are respectfully invlteo. to at-
tend -the funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at 9
' o'clock, from her late residence, 3533 Twenty-
fourth ■ street, thence to St. Paul's Church.
Twenty-ninth and . Church, where a • requiem
high i mass will i be celebrated for the repose
of hor soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. . ;
-*
McAVOY & GALLAGHER, "' I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS £ EMBALMKR3 I
• 20 FIFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln School. ; |
Telephone, South SO. r I
H. B. M'AVOY. Manager. -
■mcAVOY «fc CO.; -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER9,
■ . '.'. 1285 Market St.. between Bth and 9th.
-■■■-■■■:■■■ ; -./. ; _Sptnh_2JT : _j_______
* " SELLS BURIAL LOTS AND GRAVES. .
PERPETUAL CARE.
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION, ;i
Junction of ; Bust) ! Street and Central
Avenue. Sao Francisco. - ; - r ,
910
MORE CHARGES
HURLED AT THE
SCHOOL BOARD.
Principal Kilpatrick Says
That Spoils Were
Divided.
Yesterday's develop
ments in Use school scan
dal were of* a most sensa
tional nature, the direct
char being; made that
Director ICagran had inti
mated that money was
necessary to secure a
teacher's position. A. W.
Atherton, who was the
-witness to the statement
of Teacher Stanlon ot'tlie
Holiness Evening; School
that he had promised to
pay $300 for a position in
the school, now states
that he himself was giren
to understand that lie
must pay a like sum he
fore his place was as
sured.
"When the Grand Jury takes up the
charges -against School Director Ragan
it will have one witness who not only
overheard a charge made by a teacher,
but had an experience of his own in
the matter of financial negotiation for
a job.
A. "W. Atherton, a friend of Principal
Kilpatrick of the Business Evening
School, makes the most sensational
charge that has yet been advanced. He
stated that at a time when he was an
A. W. ATHERTON.
applicant for a position as a husiness
educator he had approached Director
Ragan and asked that he be given a
position In the department. Ragan, he
says, told him he had not sufficient
votes, and he later went to another
£. C KJlpatrick, Principal cf
Business Evening School.
man, whose . name i he does not care 4to
bring In at the present time, and asked
that intercession be made for him with
the board. After several weeks ,of
waiting he was told that If he was will
ing to work six months without salary
he could obtain the position. | Mr. i Ath
erton is an educator with a reputation
throughout the State, having taught
* school and managed instituted of learn
■ in* to* Sao Diego, Sonoma, County/an^
in the cities about the bay. He came
to San Francisco, hoping to enlarge his
field of work, and, being a friend of
Principal Kilpatrick of the Business
Evening School, applied to him for as
sistance. Then it was that he learned
how hard it was to obtain a position
even when the merit of the applicant
was unquestioned without a "pull" of
some kind.
"I supposed," he said yesterday, "that
if my application went in in due form
it was only a question of time when my
turn would come, and I would receive
a position. I learned different before
the matter was off my hands. All of
this happened several months ago, and
I should have brought the matter to
the attention of the authorities but for
the fact that I feared to injure my
friend, Mr. Kilpatrick.
"I have credentials that entitle me to
recognition as an educator, but, as Dr.
Ragan said at the time, merit cuts no
ice, and I gave up in despair. The per
son who gave me the information that
it would be necessary far me to give
up six months' salary in order to be
made a regular teacher was a man well
known about the City Hall, a bailiff of
one of the courts,- and who is known to
stand very close to Dr. Ragan. 1 knew
at the time this proposition was made
to me that $300 had been talked of in
connection with the teacher's position,
and that tallied exactly with the price
that was named to me, for my salary
for six months would have amounted to
Just $300.
"There is no question in my mind
that this was a smooth way of intimat
ing that a bribe of $300 was necessary
to secure me my place. In reference
ta the Stanton matter I may say that
I heard every word of the conversation
that Mr. Stanton is now endeavoring
to repudiate, and that Mr. Kilpatrick
has not exaggerated the matter In any
way. I have made affidavit to what I
heard, and am ready to substantiate
what I have said before the Grand
Jury."
PERJURY CHARGED.
Principal Kilpatrick Makes
Added Charges and Is After
Stanton's Scalp.
In relation to the charges made by
Principal Kilpatrick against certain
members of the Board of Education
he has now something more to add,
something of the same nature as the
former charges, but more specific in
detail. Moreover, he asserts that it
will be only a few days until he is able
to verify the minutest detail of the
charges he now mak^s. In an inter
view with a representative of The Call
yesterday he said:
"There is right now a man holding
a position in the Business Evening
Scnool, a man whose name has not
yet been mentioned in the scandal,
who owes his position to the fact that
he paid a leading member of the
Board of Education the sum of $300
to obtain it. Not only that, but the
man had to borrow the money he
paid this director from a broker. He
get his position the next day. I was
told this by the broker in person, who
added that on the following day aft
er advancing the money he noticed
: in the papers that the man who had
i borrowed the money had been elected
a teacher in the Business Evening
I School the next day. I will prove ev
[ erything I have said when the proper
; time arrives. The broker afterward
claimed that somebody else had
loaned the money.
"I was so eager to have proof of this
fact," continued Principal Kilpatrick,
"that I went after one of the school di
rectors, whom I do not care to name
now, and had him go with me to the
broker In person and have him reiter
ate the story. This he at first refused
to do, but upon being told that it would
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1898.
JAMES TODD SLOANE.
The clever little Jockey. Todd Sloane. arrived here last night on the overland
train, fresh from the scenes of his triumphs on the English racing course. The
diminutive rider was as natty and dapper as usual, and constant hobnobbing
with the English nobility has not changed him in the least. Ho is the same
good-natured lad who crossed the "pond" to teach the jockeys over there how
to ride. He Is still thoroughly American in his speech, manner and ideas, and
when Interviewed in his rooms at the Baldwin by a Call representative he said:
"I am more than glad to get back to dear old San Francisco, for I consider it
my home from the fact that it is the only place where I remain for one year
at a time.
"The people over In England are very nice, Indeed, and treated me with the
utmost cordiality, although when I first began to ride they were Inclined to
ridicule my manner of riding, which is so different from theirs. The jockeys
would give me the ha-ha in great shape, but they soon changed their tactics
because I soon had them 'on the run,' " and Toddgavea self-satisfied chuckle at
the recollection of the many times he had beaten them out. "They began to
imitate my style, but with such bad grace that I felt that I must have made
a sorry picture in such a position."
Todd, on being accused of having bought an extensive wardrobe in England
said the accusation was a libel and not warranted by the facts, for he waited
until he reached New York, when he ordered some clothes at a swell tailor's
on Fifth avenue.
Replying to a query whether he had signed to ride with any one on this
coast, he said not as yet, but he probably would as soon as he got settled.
He proudly displayed a beautiful gold cigarette case which Lord William
Beresford had presented to him on the occasion of his winning four races and
being second in another. He said that when he returned to England, which
would be about this time next year, he would ride for that nobleman. He will
ride for Fleischmann after remaining on this coast six or eight weeks.
The race in which he rode, under the colors of the Prince of Wales he did
not win, for he had the mount on a very small horse, Little Dorritt, carried
top weight and finished fourth. He rode at about 103 pounds, but weighs now
108; the fatigue of the long journey has given him a tired expression, but he
will soon regain his old form.
He says the English horses are as a rule small In size and cannot compare
with the American thoroughbreds. He had not found it possible to become ac
climated in ail the time he had been in England.
have to come out in a Grand Jury In
vestigation unless he did the broker let
himself out. and told the whole story
in the presence of the school director.
He said that the man came from some
place In the country and wanted to bor
row the money, but when he learned
the use he was going to put it to he re
fused to let him have It. I asked the
man's name, and so did the school di
rector, but the broker said he had not
asked It. When he came to the place
where he said he saw the election to a
position in the Business Evening School
on the following day, I asked how he
knew this unless he knew the man's
name, and then he laughed a little bit
and gave us the name. The director
pretended to be astonished — maybe he
was — I don't know."
As regards previous charges made
against one o-f the leading directors,
Kilpatrick has also something else to
say. He asserts now that he has evi
dence of the fact that bribes were
taken, or money paid for positions, in
the voluntary confession of another di
rector who happened to be told of it by
the accused director while in his
cups.
"It was sometime ago," he stated,
"that I went to one of the directors
with the complaint that I was being ha
rassed, and intended to resign my po
sition if it did not stop. He asked me
why, and I said I knew that members
of the board were receiving money for
positions, and would make It warm for
somebody. I mentioned the name of
the man I meant, and then the director
with whom I was conversing said:
I know that it is a fact that this
brother director of mine has been
guilty of taking money for positions
because he admitted it to me whjle
under the influence of liquor. I am
disgusted and I am going to resign
my position.
"Then," said Kilpatrick, "I told him
it was a duty he owed to the people not
to resign but to stay in the board, and
do what he could for decency's sake,
and for the fact that he had a daughter
in the department who would probably be
thrown out as soon as he resigned. He
admitted that perhaps this would be
the wisest course. In a short time, how
ever, he came to me again and said:
Kilpatrick, this thing has got to
stop. The director I was speaking
to you about came to me again while
in his cups and told me he had just
been making a division of the spoils
with a brother member. I do not care
to be mixed up witn such a gang
as that and I intend to resign.
ATHERTON'S STARTLING AFFIDAVIT.
City and County of San Francisco, State of California, ss.
A. W. Atherton, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: lam a resident
of the city and county of San Francisco, State of California, and by profession
an educator. It has been my habit for some years past to make friendly and
professional calls on Principal E. C. Kilpatrick of the Business Evening School
at his school on Bush street, this city. These calls were quite frequent, so that
I became much at home around the institution, and was instructed by Mr. Kil
patrick to look him up In the class room in which he might be engaged, if I did
not find him in the office. At or about the time when Mr. Stanton had nl3
trouble with Director Hammond, I called at the Business Evening School about
8:30 p. m. Fina.ng no one in the office, I started to look for Mr. Kilpatrick.
Just to the right as you come out of the office is an alcove, from which a door
opens into a class room. Near this door is the open entrance to a long hat
room, built off the hall, and well down toward the end of the hat room Is a
second door leading into the class room. This second door was open and I
walked through the hat room to It, to see if Mr. Kilpatrick was In that class
room. He was not there, but while I stood at the door I heard footsteps in the
hall, and, stepping back to the entrance of the hat room, I saw Mr. Kilpatrick
and Mr. Stanton pass the alcove and stop in front of the office door. I stepped
across the alcove to within five feet of them, but they had their
backs toward me, and as I made no noise they did not notice me. So I turned
a little and stood leaning against the wall of the alcove. Just out of their sight
but very near to them. It was under these circumstances that I overheard
the following conversation:
Mr. Stanton— But they can t do that: I have my rights and will defend them
Mr. Kilpatrick— What do you mean?
Mr. Stanton— Well, I have an agreement with these people and they cannot go
back on it.
Mr. Kilpatrick— Just tell me how you stand, and I will help you out al I can
Do you mean you had to pay for your position?
Mr. Stanton— Well.it is not paid yet. but I contracted to pay $300 about the first
of the year, when I was regularly elected.
Mr. Kilpatrick— With whom did you do the business?
Mr. Stanton— With Dr. Ragan am) Welch.
Mr. Kilpatrick— Any one else on the board?
Mr. Stanton— No; only Dr. Ragan.
Mr. Kilpatrick— Well, what are you going to do?
Mr. Stanton— l am going to fight them. They can throw me down- lam ready
to pay. I will give $500, if I cannot got it for less. I will give it to you if that's
any better.
Mr. Kilpatrick— No. thank you; lam not in that kind of business But you
are a good teacher and I will help you out all 1 can with my friends.
Just then some people came up the stairs opposite the office door and the
man wulked hastily down the hall. He did not nee me as he passed the alcove,
but I took a good look at him nnd saw that it was Mr. Stanton who hml been
recently assigned by the chairman of the Evening School committee as teacher
of mathematics In the Business Evening School.
Kilpatrick then went on to say that
he again prevented the director from
resigning by using his powers of per
suasion. He states that there will no '
doubt be a determined attempt on the
part of a certain combination in the
board to eject him from his position as
principal of the Business Evening
School and added that he would fight
the charge to the bitter end. Here is
something further that Mr. Kilpatrick
has to say which will, no doubt, interest
the public:
I intend to swear out a warrant
for Mr. Stanton's arrest on the
charge of perjury. He has made an
affidavit that he never told me any- j
thing about an intention to pay Dr.
Ragan $300 for a position in the ■
Business Evening School. I state
that he did and I have witnesses to i
prove it. I will make him answer for
' the lie in court.
Late last night Kilpatrick had an in
terview with the director, who he
claims told him that a brother Director
admitted while in his cups that he had
received money fur obtaining teachers'
positions. The Director bitterly de
nied that he ever made such an asser
tion, and some exceedingly angry
words were passed. Kilpatrick told
the Director that, he had always looked
upon him as a friend, but would here
after treat him as an enemy. The Di
rector tried to mollify the angry prin
cipal of the Business Evening School
and told him he should not lose his po
sition as long as his own influence cut
any figure.
TOOK CARBOLIC ACID.
A middle-apod woman giving her name
as Nellie Ryan swallowed a dose of car
bolic acid last night in a lodging house
at 734 1 * Howard street with suicidal in
tent. She was removed to the Receiving
Hospital, where the surgeons gave as
their opinion tliat she could not live.
The unfortunate woman is the wife of
Martin Cleery, who gained considerable
notoriety some time ago through his con
nection with the recent Custom House
frauds.
Several months ago they separated, the
woman going to live in the house in
which she attempted to take her own
life.
Before taking the deadly dose Mrs.
Cleery arrayed herself in an immaculate
nightgown. Her groans were heard by
the landlady, who on discovering her
condition at once notified the police.
Late last night the woman's condition
was much improved and the surgeons ex
pressed the belief that she would re
cover.
Low's Horehountl Cough Syrup cures
bronchitis; price 10c. 417 Sansome st. •
PRISONERS
PLEAD FOR
MORE FOOD
They Send an Appeal
to Chief Lees for
More Rations.
Claim That the City Prison
Cook Ignores Their
Cry for Bread.
Unfortunate Women Compelled
to Beg Victuals of the
Male Prisoners.
CAPT. ROBINSON TO BLAME
A Strong Effort to Be Mads To- Day
to Remedy the Existing
Evil.
The prisoners confined In the City-
Prison are determined to compel Cap
tain Robinson to give them sufficient
food. Last evening they addressed the
following communication to the Chief
of Police:
„ . City Prison, Feb. 6, 1898.
Mr. I. W. Lees:
Dear Sir— We address a few lines to you
as we wish to state we have not been get
ting enough to eat.
Now we do not want to complain be
cause we do not receive pudding, pie and
other delicacies, but we think it is pretty
hard when the cook refuses some of tue
prisoners enough of bread.
Chief, 6ince we came in we have been
giving him 10 and 15 cents along with
some other prisoners, and last evening
(Saturday) there were only five pieces of
bread given to do eight prisoners. Now
we asked him to please give us enough
to go around and he turned around and
told us to go to h 1. We then called
Officer Hlckey and explained the trouble
to him and he got us enough bread, but
as soon as the officer was out of hearing
he said he would get even with us.
And, Chief, we would also like to say
.if the cook would put a small piece of
meat in our stew instead of him selling
It for cash, which he derives from the
sale, I am sure there would be no more
grievances.
Hoping you will take such steps as is
deemed necessary to regulate the mat
ter, we remain, Respectfully
George Marion, J. Brady, J. Jones, B
O'Connell. M. Quinn, R. Belegrin, B.
Mayr and J. Johnson.
The men who signed the petition de
clare that they are being starved. They
assert that the cook, whose name is
Harry Williams, persistently refuses to
answer to their cry for bread.
"If we had any money," remarked
one of the men, "we could get all we
wanted. Williams is looking out for
his own interest, and by depriving us of
food he is adding to his bank account.
W r e all know that, notwithstanding he
is a prisoner, he is making more money
than he could on the outside. He has
frequently boasted that he averages be
tween $200 and $300 a month for sup
plying prisoners, who happen to have
some money, with food. Those who are
brought Into the prison without any
money he completely ignores.
"Under the administration of Captain
Stone the prisoners confined in the City
Prison were given more than they could
eat. It is very different now. Although
the law specifically states that each
prisoner is entitled to a pound of bread,
yet the fact remains that not one of us
has received over two ounces since Wil
liams has been appointed cook. Cap
tain Robinson has persistentily ignored
ous appeal for something to eit, and as
a last resort we are compelled to apply
to the Chief of Police to have him rem
edy the evil. Frequently unfortunate
women, who through drink are locked
up in the City Prison, in order to satisfy
their appetite are compelled to beg of
the male prisoners a portion of the ra
tions which are dealt out to them. In
some way Williams learns whether a
prisoner has money or not. and if he
has he immediately sees that he is well
provided for in the way of food. If he
is penniless Williams completely ig
nores him and, although he may appeal
to the captain of the prison to give him
food, he is given a curt answer and told
to mind his own business.
"■Williams formerly served as cook In
San Quentln and gained the dislike of
his fellow convicts by refusing to give
them the rations that were appor
tioned out to them."
To-day Chief Lees will make a thor
ough Investigation and find out whe.re
the fault lies. He Is very Indignant
over the oharpes made by the prisoners
and is determined to sift the matter to
the bottom.
DE LORME'S BLACKSMITH.
Rev. F. B. Cherington Describes the
Famous Painting and
Points a Moral.
At Plymouth Congregational Church
yesterday morning Rev. F. B. Cherington
made the following reference to De
Lorme's "Blacksmith":
"A blacksmith In his rude, dingy shop.
with grimy brow and toil-besmirched
leathern apron, may not seem to ordinary
eyes a very remarkable sight, but a
French artist has so gloriously touched
that subject with his transforming power
that to those who have seen his picture
it can never again be an uninteresting
one. De Lorme's superb genius caught
and set forth all the deep poetic beauty
and sublime significance there is in man's
mastery over fire and metals, the forces
and objects of nature. So he painted the
blacksmith standing at his forge with
all the solemn majesty, earnest resolu
tion and quiet reserve force of a divine
Vulcan in human form. His great, pow
erful muscles are for the moment quies
cent, but notwithstanding the silent dig
nity of his attitude, there is such a vivid
suggestion of alertness and suppressed
energy that you are momentarily ex
pecting him to quickly draw out the
glowing iron from the flre and, with
knotted muscles, lift his hammer, and
amid flying sparks deftly fashion on his
ringing anvil some useful implement or
thing of beauty. You gaze steadily and
with fascinated vision upon the ruddy
glow that tips with subtle glory every
uncouth object within the humble shop;
old rusty chains, broken wheels, cast-off
horse-shoes, smoky rafters, cobwebbed
corners, windows almost opaque with
long-gathered dust, but, above all, the
strong, kindly, earnest face of the black
smith himself, all are suffused by the
rich, red glow of the fiercely burning
fires of the forge, and as you look hu
mi.n toil seems no longer menial, but
rather to have reached its Mount of
Transfiguration glory.
"Standing before that picture, the
words that Peter heard on Joppa's house
top come to us with new meaning, "What
God hath cleansed that call not thou
common or unclean.' "
C ASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Th«fae- /9 _ .
ADVERTISEMENTS.^
NEWGOODS
. . . FOR. . . .
SPRING AND SUMMER.
We take pleasure in announc-
ing the opening of large shipments of
NEW GOODS for Spring and Sum-
mer, 1898. Among the novelties we
■will show this week are the fol-
lowing.
Novelties in Bayadere Striped Silks.
Novelties in Plaid and Checked Silks.
Novelties in French Bordered Poplins.
Novelties in French Bordered Serges.
Novelties in French Printed Organdies.
Novelties in Genuine Scotch Zephyrs.
Novelties in Ladies Shirt Waists.
Novelties in Plaid and Striped Ribbons.
Novelties in Black Braid Trimmings.
We will also have on sale this week an elegant
assortment of New Percales, New Ginghams, New
Tennis Flannels, New Madras Cloths, New Cheviots,
. New Embroideries ; also an elegant assortment of
New Dotted Swiss Mull and Plain French Organdies.
- • TELEPHONE O-RAJSTT 124.
111, 113. 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
These sales are of clean-
cut fresh goods at less than
a fair price to attract good
trade.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
MONDAY-TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY
Tea lb 35c
regularly 50c tt) 3 lt>s $1
Our kinds— the good kinds
Ten flavors including Bee
brand Ceylon
Claret 35 C
regularly 60c gallon 3 gallons $1
This 50c claret is as pure as
the $1 claret
only not so old
Cocktails 9 OC
regularly $1.25 bottle
To close out the bottling of
the Imperial Cocktail Co, New
York
manhattan martini
gin old Tom gin
whiskey vermouth
Pineapple (whole) 20c
regularly 25c 3 It) tin
A big pineapple put in the tin
In the orchard where grown in
India — luscious
Canned fruits (Alcalde) 20c
regularly 25c tin
Extra fruit— heavy syrup
peaches, plums apricots
peeled apricots pears
Wiesbaden preserves 65c
retailed elsewhere $1 large bottle
The world renowned fruits of
Germany— dainty sweetmeats
Raisins 85c and $1 50
6 crown fancy Dehesa clusters
regularly $1.15 box and $2 box
respectively
California's highest grade
Hickory nuts 4 lbs 25c
regularly 10c rt>
To remind you of boyhood's
careless days
Port (Private Stock) bot 50c
regualrly 75c and $2.50 gallon $2
To be served with the hickory
nuts
Excellent for convalescents
Curry powder tin or bot 20c
regularly 30c
made by P. Vencatachellum—
Madras
Recipes on each tin and bottle
SAVING SALE.
Pepper (Nepaul) 20c
regularly 25c bottle
From India— hotter than other
peppers but delicate flavor
Everard's beer $2
regularly $2.25 dozen quarts
"We refund 25c dozen for emp-
ty bottles
*- TURKEY
* KLONDIKE
The* Magnificent Collection of
TURKISH RUBS
Imported by MR. BASIL PAUL of
Constantinople.
LAST CHANCE I
WILL BE SOLD OUT :, '
AX AUCTION!
TO-DAY,
Monday ........ February X
At 11 a. m., and 3 and 8 p. m.,
AT
116 SUTTER_ STREET.
• V THE MOST CELEBRATED—
SILK RUG
Has arrived, with several choice pieces.
This SILK BUS if from the household of the late
SHAH OF PERSIA,' and was rained in Paris at
150,000 FRANCS.
THIS IS A.BONA-FIDE AUCTION, AND NO
HUMBUG: '
FRANK BUTTERFIELP, Auctioneer.
Coke! Coke! Coke!
p. a. McDonald
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Wholesale dealer and shipper of the best
""foundry and furnace coke.
I have un hand a large quantity of San
Frnncisco Coke, superior .to anthracite for
furnace or cannel for grate use. This coke Is
made from the best Wallsend " coal, and can
recommend it to consumers as an Al article.
Will Deliver Any Amount From a Sack to a Shipload.
CARLOAD ORDERS SOLICITED.
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
I INCREASING PATRONAGE, -
® BOTH LOCAL AND TRANSIENT, ®
© , . " PROVES THAT THE ©
LA D I ES' GRILL®
i ?»* PALACE ®
® EXCELS ■ IN ; EVERYTHING THAT MAKES®
.©.■,;. ■;; THE PERFECT RESTAURANT. ■ ®
Direct Entrance from Market Street. ©
® OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT. ©
© © © © © © © © ©'©"'© © ©
DRJMULTY.
■aJ i.li jLYJL •X i \J 'i-Tij X.' ; SL «•
rpm« V.'E'LL-KXOWX.AND'nWLrABLE OT/b
X Spet-ialfeteuru rrivnt«\Nervous,li:«.:oc;un<i skin
Uiseases ol Men only. Manly Power restoreil. Over
years experience. ■ Send for Cook, i'atleiit.i
cuiPdat Home. Terms reasonable. ; Hours. oto 3
dally ;6:SO toS.SOevVs. , Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and Ktcredly confidante 1 . : Call or address
■: P. roscoe M«3f in/riV M. ».,
BG.s Keainy Street. San Irabciico, €•>•