VOLUME LXXXV.-NO. 25.
EITHER EAGAN OR MILES
MAY BE COURT-MARTIALED
COMMISSARY
GENERAL ASKS
A RETRACTION
Scandal Caused by Army
Commander's State
ment as to Beef.
The Whole Country Will Watch
for Sensational Developments
in This Interesting Con
troversy.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
NEW YORK, Dec. 24.— The
Washington correspondent of
the Herald sends the following:
Unless Major General Miles re
tracts the statements concerning
fresh meat furnished the army, at
tributed to him by a Cincinnati
paper, or denies their authentic
ity, a court-martial may follow
for either himself or Commissary
General Eagan.
Supported, he declares, by the
reports of fifteen regimental com
manders and others, General
Miles is not at all likely to make
any retraction or denial, but it is
understood he has in course of
preparation a paper which is in
tended to substantiate the state
ments which he is reported to
have made. It is evident, there
fore, that a very serious crisis has
been reached in the relations of
the major general commanding
the army and the commissary
general.
The friends of General Eagan
GENERAL NELSON A. MILES.
The San Francisco Call
say he feels there can be but one
outcome — trial by court-martial
of either himself or General
■Miles, provided the latter fails to
make a signed statement to the
Secretary of War denying every
word he is alleged to have said.
To quote a high officer with
whom I talked, the interest in the
controversy between the com
manding: general of the army and
the commissary general is based,
first, upon the high standing of
the officers involved, and, sec
ond, upon the fact that the firms
which supplied the army the beef
which General Miles has so bit
terly criticized supply half the
country with meat. General
Eagan's friends, therefore, say
that the statements credited to
General Miles, if correct, are li
belous, not only as against the
commissary general, but against
the meat firms referred to, and
the question becomes a very se
rious one for the whole country.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1898— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
THOUGHTS SUGGESTED BY THE GREAT CHRISTIAN HOLIDAY.
General Eagan gave out the
following statement to-day in
reference to his contemplated ac
tion on statements by General
Miles concerning commissary
supplies furnished the army:
"General Eagan has referred, to
General Miles the published
article, purporting to be an in
terview with General Miles in
regard to the military supplies,
asking whether the statements
attributed to him were made by
him or any of them, or which of
them, or to what extent the
statements are correct. General
Eagan does not propose to dis
cuss this very serious matter in
the public press, but has asked,
first, if General Miles avows or
disavows this interview and has
also asked the Investigation
Commission for a true copy of
the statement, not sworn to, but
made by General Miles before it.
"General Eagan has also asked
the Investigating Commission to
be called before it for the purpose
of rebutting and refuting the
statements alleged to have been
made by General Miles and pub
lished in the press; to answer
these or any statements made by
General Miles under oath, and.
especially and particularly, to
Commissary General Charles P. Eagan.
meet the alleged charge of fur
nishing anything whatever under
pretense of experiment. General
Eagan is of the opinion that the
proper place to discuss the merits
of this matter is before the Inves
tigating Commission, and before
the courts, civil and military,
where the widest latitude, under
oath, will be given to all con
cerned; where the conduct of
General Miles and the conduct of
General Eagan, under oath, will
have the fullest, most exhaustive
examination and analysis con
cerning any or all charges that
may be brought by either, to the
end that justice shall be done. In
view of this already inaugurated
action. General Eagan deems it
unmilitary and improper to make
Continued on Second Pags.
AUTHOR OF FOUL
AND ANONYMOUS
LETTERS IS FOUND
Railroad Employe Confesses That
He Tried to Injure State
Printer Johnston.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 24.— During the
recent campaign typewritten copies of
a letter of a most libelous character, j
reflecting upon the good name of the j
women employed at the State Printing j
Office, were secretly circulated in cer
tain parts of the State. The letters \
were intended to injure the chances of j
State Printer Johnston for re-election. ;
His opponent, E. I. Woodman, how
ever, publicly disclaimed any knowl
edge of the letter or its author, and j
some of Woodman's friends published '■
in San Francisco an offer of $500 re- ''■
ward for the detection and arrest of '■
the offender, but the latter remained J
undiscovered.
Agencies were kept at work by
friends of State Printer Johnston in
this city, however, and their efforts
culminated to-day when William Jo
seph Husted, an ejnploye of the rail- !
road shops, made a confession before
District Attorney Ryan and others of ;
having been the author of the foul at
tacks on the character of the women j
employed in the State Printing Office. !
The detection of Husted was due to j
the cleverness of Detective Max P. j
Fisher of this city, who, by a series of j
decoy letters, succeeded in entrapping j
the offender.
In his statement to the District At- |
torney to-day Husted said that about j
the first of last October he became .ac
quainted with A. L. Henry secretary
of the State Bureau of Highways, being ]
introduced by Duncan McCallum, the ]
stenographer of the same office. Hus- \
ted said that he took to the office of j
the Bureau of Highways in the Capitol
two letters which he had written and
which he turned over to Henry for his !
approval. Henry he said, *ook charge
of the letters. Several days afterward,
said Husted, a package containing a
lot of mimeograph copies of the letters
he had given to Henry was received,
but the sentiments were expressed in
better language than he (Husted) could
command. Continuing, Husted, after
being shown the proofs in the posses
sion of the District Attorney, said:
"While the circulars which you have
shown me are not exactly true copies,
yet those are exactly the sentiments
which I expressed in the letters which I
gave to Mr. Henry. I don't want to
throw any blame upon any one who
had- nothing to do with the matter. I
have heard it said that E. I. Woodman,
who was Johnston's opponent, has been
accused of sending out certain circu
lars, which I believe are the circulars
referred to here. But I will say that
Mr. Woodman knew nothing about the I
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
circulars nor did he have anything to
do with them."
Husted says that at the time he wrote
the letters and handed them to Henry
he was not aware that he was commit
ting a criminal libel, inasmuch as he
believed the matters he was writing
about were true. He said he thought
that if Woodman were elected it would
be the means of securing a position.
He was not given a positive promise
that he would get a job, he said, but
he was given to understand that he
would be remembered in the distribu
tion of patronage.
The letter, copies of which had been
given circulation, was of a character
which would not bear reproduction in
a newspaper.
A. L. Henry, secretary of the Bureau
of Highways, said to-day with refer
ence to Husted's statement that hia
first knowledge of any circulars having
been sent out came through E. S. Had
ley. Deputy State Printer. Hadley had
called and asked him what he knew
about any such circulars. He said that
he then told Hadley and State Printer
Johnston that he had nothing to do
with the letters or circulars. Henry
says that on two occasions Husted
brought him rolls of manuscript, which
he (Henry) turned over to McCallum,
the aU.-.ographer in the Bureau of
Highways. He said that McCallum doe«
private typewriting work.
"I had nothing to do with the re
vision, preparation or typewriting of
j the circulars," said Henry. "If Mr.
j McCallum did anything of the kind, it
! was an outside matter."
State Printer Johnston has been In
! consultation with District Attorney
i Ryan relative to bringing the guilty
i party or parties to justice. The State
Printer )• of the belief that others
higher in authority than Husted had
a hand in It.
MILITARY COUP
PLANNED AT PARIS
Fearing the Downfall of the Repub
lic, the Ccurt of Cassation "Will
Decide Against Dreyfus.
LONDON, Dec. 24.— The Paris corre
j spondent of the Weekly Sun asserts that
l ho has knowledge of a military coup
planned for Wednesday next, but does
■ not give the names of those involved or
details of the plot.
The Sunday Special's correspondent In
Paris hints at similar knowledge, adding
that the Court of Cassation on Thursday
i will give judgment against Dreyfus. The
Judges, the correspondent avers, yielding
i to the Government's plan of raison d'etre
! do not dare to pronounce a decision
; which would result in the downfall of tb«
I republic.2
WIFE ASSAILANT
QUIETLY LYNCHED
Fate of a Man Who Shot
His Spouse.
MIDNIGHT WORK OF A MOB
INTIMIDATED THE SHERIFF AND
REMOVED THE PRISONER.
Btory of the First Hang-ing, Lawful
or Otherwise, That Has Occurred
in Scott County, In
diana.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SCOTTSBURG, Ind., Dec. 24. — A
lynching took place here early to-day
bo quietly that few of the residents
knew of the occurrence until this morn-
Ing. Marion Tyler, the victim, had
been in jail for several weeks, In con
sequence of an attempt to kill his wife.
Shortly after midnight the mob was
formed, all those composing it being
masked. The men hurried to the
Sheriff's residence in the jail, called him
by name and, covering him and his
sons with guns, the leader demanded:
"Turn over the keys of the jail!"
The demand was promptly refused,
but the mob became so threatening and
determined that the Sheriff and his
family were frightened Into telling
•where the keys could be found. The
mc-n took them and went to the jail,
where they secured their prisoner and
hanged him.
On November 3 last Tyler shot and
seriously ivounded his wife and then
made an ineffectual attempt at suicide.
His trial was to have taken place Jan
uary 13.
This is the first hanging in the his
tory of Scott County, either lawful or
by lynohcTs. Tyler's parents, residing
at Mc.l.eansboro, 111., were notified of
■what had occurred.
TRANSFER OF REGULARS
TO RELIEVE VOLUNTEERS
Arrangements Being Made to Send
Troops to Manila vif. the
Suez Canal.
XEW YORK, Dec. 24.— Although Col
onc-1 Kirnball, deputy quartermaster gen
eral, has not received, definite orders from
Wasl i yarding the transportation
of troops t" Manila via the Suez canal
route, ho is pushing preparations to that
end. Two steamships are being fitted for
transport service to Manila, and will be
ready to nail from this city with troops
about January 10.
They are th.> Mohawk, now on the ways
at Bath, Me., and the Mobile, purchased
by the Government at the opening of
the war and at present running regu
larly between Havana and Savannah. Ga.
The transports will take the Fourth
Twelfth and Seventeenth regiments of
regular infantry. The Fourth and half
of the Seventeenth -will ship on the Mo
bile and the Twelfth and remainder of
the Sevontprnth on the Mohawk. These
lour regiments are at present at Fort
Sn. rirlan. Columbus Barracks, Ohio- Jef
■si Ba rracks, Missouri, and Fort
Crook, Nebraska.
Of Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON, Dec 24.-Robert W.
Hurlburt was to-day appointed Postmas-
Merrillville, Laasen County Cali
fornia, vice Perrin W. Hurlburt. resigned.
riio name ol the postofflce at Limekiln
Tularo County, has been changed to Lem
on Cove.
Pensions have been granted as follows-
California: original —Lewis G. Culver
tS. Additional— Samuel W*
Roweroft, l: k ''reek, $6 to $12.
-"n: Original— Andrew J. Killen.
iville. $»). Increase— Rodolphos D
Btnham. Beaverton, $8 to $10.
Washington: Original— John A. Moore,
T.a < 'enter. $fi. Additional— Philander S
Foster, Fairburn, $« to $12. Mexican War
survivors, Increase— Benjamin F. Fanner
La Center, $8 to $12.
Consular Reform Measures.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 24.-Harry A. Gar
fleld, president of the Cleveland Chamber
of commerce, has been in Washington for
the past few days in connection ' with
liar reform measures which the
Cli • land chamber of Commerce and oth
er commercial institutions throughout
the country intend to urge upo:i Congtesa
I'hr.y win nsk for a hearing before the
Foreign Relations Committee of the
Senate and the Foreign Affairs Committee
of the House, unless, bo far as the House
is concerned, the Adams h!H. as favorably
reported a 1 tin- last session of Conpross
is deemed to lie ;i satisfactory basis. Com
mercial organizations both East and West
mi-.- co-operating In the movement.
Relics From Cervera's Fleet.
WASHINGTON. Dec. There is now
at Washington Navy Yard a quantity of
marine machinery raised from the Cer
vera fleet after it was sunk near San
tiago. This includes launch boilers tor
pedo-boat engines, hand pumps and a
mass of other matter from the Colon and
Maria ■ Teresa that, would be classed as
iunk but for its historic associations The
brst of the machinery has been ordered
shipped to the Naval Academy at Annap
olis, where it will serve as souvenirs and
some of it may be put into sufficient re
pair to act as working models for the en
gineering classes. The remainder will be
broken up or sold at auction.
Big Loan Declared Legal.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 24.-Judges Sul
zerberger' and Penny packer to-day dis
missed the bill in equity brought by
Messrs. Barr and Yocum to restrain the
Issue of the new loan of $11,200,000 to be
devoted to city improvements, including
nearly (5.000.000 for a better water sup
ply and $1,000,000 for the public library.
•This decision establishes the legality of
the loan, and it will be negotiated at
once.
Beautiful
Royal Bavarian China
Dark Green Ground, Pale he- j
liotrope center and large ;
Cameo heads. Graceful shapes !
Salads, Comports, Roll
Trays, Fancy Chocolate
and Tea Cups, Cake, Tea,
Fruit, and Bread and But-
ter Piates, and everything
that's beautiful
Effective prices
Gfeat American Import'gTea Co.
£6! Market. oj.Pok«11 705 Larlctn St. : --'x
)40MxthSt. 1410 Polk S*.'
518 I bird -t. 1819 Devlssdaro St.
500 fc carny St. 2008 Flllmore St.
140 Nlnt.i St. 521 Montgomery Ay.
2510 Mlssi n.St. 1100 Kentucky St.
■ 3006 Sixteenth St. 326*5 Mission St.
855 i:oycs s:. 52 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES:
.lOSSVVashlnetonM. 131 San Pablo Are.
•17 Broadway. ■ 610 E Twelfth St.
•<; ' - 1510 Seventh St. : *?■
. ; Al-AMEDA— I3S3 * Park St.
■ SAN HAi AEI.— B St.. near Fourth.
Write for Catalogue* .
REASONS FOR
THE INCREASE
OF THE ARMY
Argument in Support of
the House Military
Measure.
One Hundred Thousand Men Re
quired for Coast and Frontier
Defense and to Maintain
Order in the Islands.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24.—Represen
tative Hull, chairman of the Military
Committee of the House, to-day filed
with the clerk his report on the bill for
the increase of the regular army. After
detailing the amendments adopted in
committee, all of which have been set
out in the Associated Press dispatches,
the report says:
The bill fixes no maximum strength for
the entire army. Assuming that the Gov
ernment will require about 100,000 men
for the defense of the frontier, for coast
defense and to maintain our authority in
the islands, for whose good order and gov
ernment this nation is now responsible,
together with a reasonable reserve force,
the bill provides regiments of cavalry and
infantry sufficient to give the num
ber required for each arm of the service
and a corps of artillery for our seacoast
batteries, with two regiments of artillery
for field batteries.
The committee believes the organiza
tion as provided for in this bill will make
the most efficient military organization,
at the lowest cost to the taxpayer, of any
organization proposed by any bill before
Congress.
The organization of the cavalry, as
provided in this bill, is substantially the
same organization now provided for by
law. The change in the present organiza
tion is in making fifteen captains in place
of twelve, and in providing for a com
missary of the regiment. By this increase
of rank the adjutant, quartermaster and
commissary are given the rank of captain,
and a commissary sergeant is also added.
The fifteen first lieutenants provided have
three extra first lieutenants for each
regiment, to be available as squadron
adjutants. It also provides for the crea
tion of a band for each regiment by en
listing the men as musicians, while, under
the present law, they are enlisted in the
regular force and enrolled as musicians.
The organisation of artillery provided
for in the bill changes from the regi
mental formation to that of a corps of
artillery, and as the artillery arm has so
grown in importance the committee feel
justified in submitting the full reasons for
the change.
The relation of the artillery organiza
tion to the work that the army was to
perform may be best understood by a
brief reference to its history. Our pres
ent system dates back to 1821 , when the
first tour regiments were organised. The
fifth regiment was added in 1861 and the
sixth and seventh in IS9B. Now, when
the arm was lirst organized — that is, in
1821— the question of coast defense was
not nearly so important as it is to-day,
and consequently the question of organ
ization was not so important. Moreover,
this relative unimportance of both func
tions and of organization continued for
many years — in fact, down to 1861. On
the other hand, there were questions be
fore the country that maiio the services
of infantry of very great importance, and
hence we find the artillery almost con
tinuously used as infantry. Thus in the
Mexican War the Fourth Artillery was
used as infantry. It was armed and
equipped as infantry and server! as such
not only tn Mexico, but also ii: Florida
during the Seminole troubles, on the
plains and elsewhere, even in the forts.
When the Civil War broke out in IS6I all
the foot batteries heretofore armed and
equipped and serving as infantry were
converted into light batteries, only to re
sume their infantry equipment and duties
after Appomattox.
In the bill under discussion the number
of artillery units (batteries) were ob
tained from consideration of the number
of gun positions to be manned. You must
have, at the limit, as many batteries as
you have gun positions. Further. th-?se
batteries must be grouped in sufficient
numbers at each harbor to man all the
guns in that harbor. Evidently the Idea
of the regiment does not come forward
here at all, and for a good reason— there
is no relation between the regiment as
a unit and between the work to be done
by the artillery. In other words, tne es
sential of artillery organization is the
battery, these batteries neing grouped ac
cording to the necessities of each cass,
necessities differing from harbor to
harbor.
The conditions are entirely different for
infantry and for cavalry. In these each
individual carries a weapon, which is not
the case with the artillery when used as
such. The lighting strength of infantry
or cavalry Is measured by the numb?r
of weapons it can bring into lino, but iio
such measure can be uniformly appl.ed
to the artillery.
Experience has shown that the regi
mental organization is suited to the in
fantry and to the cavalry, the unit se
lected, namely, the regiment, being the
greatest number of muskets and of
sabers, respectively, that can be directly
controlled by one man, and this unit is
a necessary one. But evidently no such
necessity exists in the artillery. Why,
thr-n, perpetuate a system that ip essen
tially a relic of the past and wholly nut
of harmony with present and with future
conditions. There is no sentiment con
nected with the maintenance of the regi
mental organization, because, as already
explained, the chance* are against an offi
cer's serving wholly in one regiment. For
the purely' local feeling for the regiment
alone has been substituted a strong feel
ing of pride in the army as a whole, a
feeling born of the desire tn gee this long
neglected arm of the service at hist riso
to a full realization of its opportunities
and its duties.
Let it bo borne in mind how complicated
is the artillery service: how many differ
ent kinds of guns It has to servo, that in
future it will be charged with the torpedo
p* rvice and that the nature of artill<>ry
service in general will depend entirely
upon locations that differ from harbor to
harbor and It is at onco evident that an
arbitrary division of the. personnel into
regiments is inherently vicious. The corps
system, on the other hand, gives the artil
lery the adaptability and flexibility that
are demanded by the ever varying condi
tions of its service.
In respe< t to the number of batteries
recommended by this bill ono argument
only need be brought up. If the neces
sary personnel is not to be provided, why
are millions appropriated every year for
guns and for the complicated ordnance of
the present, which cannot be trusted tc
untrained men?
By June 30. ISM, 195 batteries of coast
artfllery will be needed for the guns actu
ally installed. Tho bill asks for 144 such
butteries. According to reliable observa
tion the deterioration of electric machin
ery in our coast forts when uncared for
is S3 per cent per annum, of other ma
chinery 20 per cent, and of guns and car
riaßes"2s per cent. A battery of two 12
in< h Runs complete with all its machinery
costs $146,000; If umared for the yearly
loss would be about $44,000.
In the organization of the infantry reg
iment the change has been made in the
number of enlisted men In a company
from 10G to 145. The object of the in
crease is to provide for an adequuto
force at the very lowest cost to the Gov
ernment. It has not been the object of
the committee to sacrifice efficiency- for
economy, but taking the number of men
necessary to carry out the purpose of the
object, we believe that an organization
on the basis of 145, which would give us
but 112 privates, is more efficient in ac
tual service than one of 126 privates, as
proposed in the Senate bill. The largely
increased number of regiments which
would be made necessary by the reduced
number of privates would entail an In
r
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1898.
creased expense each year on the Gov
ernment for officers and would materially
impair the effectiveness of companies and
regiments on the line of battle. General
Sherman, in his report to the War De
partment in 1876. after a full study of the
armies of Europe, and after he had seen
their operations on the field of battle,
recommended a company of 250 enlisted
men in time of war, and further stated
that we could count on one-third of the
men being absent from duty in an army
serving in the field.
General Schwan said that after twenty
one years' service as a line officer, he re
garded 145 men as the best organization.
General Miles, in his testimony before the
committee, recommended 100 enlisted
men.
.The organization provided for in this
bill gives as a maximum a smaller regi
ment than In the minimum of the leading
nations. The committee inserted a new
section m regard to the Record and Pen
sion Office, believing that the present
c SJ e f of that offlce nas °y hJ s wonderfully
efficient services made it only proper for
him to have the rank of brigadier gen
eral His administration of the office has
r ViSL'JiL 8 ' savin S to the Government of
over J400.000 a year in clerk -hire alone.
The committee has placed In the bill
certain limitations as to age. The Govern
ment retires an officer at 64 on three
quarters pay. If men are placed in the
army at an advanced age they render the
Government absolutely no adequate serv
ice for the obligations the Government
assumes to care for them during life. The
question of how long a man should serve
before being retired was one the commit
tee was not at all agreed upon, but a com
promise was finally placed in the bill
limiting appointments to those not over
50 years of age.
The retired list should not be used as an
asylum for men who have spent their
active life in civil employment. An ex
ception was made in a new section ex
empting all the staff corps now open to
appointment from civil life from the
operation of the age limit, all men who
served in the Civil War and the recent
war with Spain. The reasons for the in
corporation in the bill of section 5 is
found in the following, submitted by an
officer from the War Department: "I
have made a calculation that the bill pre
pared, provided all promotion in each arm
is by seniority in each arm respectively,
would give the following: results as regards
promotion to captain: In the infantry all
the present first lieutenants and sixteen
k second lieutenants. In the artillery all
the present lieutenants and forty-two sec
ond lieutenants. Total for infantry and
artillery, fifty-eight. In the cavalry fifty
seven of the present lieutenants would be
left such. The scheme to equalize pro
motion to captaincy would, therefore,
give fifty-seven captaincies in the
artillery and infantry to the fifty
seven remaining first lieutenants of cav
alry. All the first lieutenants in each arm
would be captains and all the second lieu
tenants in each arm would become first
lieutenants, leaving the vacancies at the
foot of the list of first lieutenants and all
the second lieutenants to be filled by pro
motion from the ranks, from the volun
teers and from civil life."
The official estimate of the cost of the
army under the organization proposed
in the bill Chairman Hull states is
about $90,000,000. Hull estimates the
pay of the army at $24,416,887 and the
additional cost for subsistence and all
other expenses to bring the total up to
not exceed $83,000,000.
STEAMER FROM CALCUTTA
TAKES PLAGUE TO ENGLAND
One of the Cabin Pasengers, an Officer
in the India Company's Service,
Has the Disease.
PLYMOUTH, England. Dec. 24.-On the
arrival here this evening of the British
steamer Golconda, from Calcutta, Novem
ber 19, via Mediterranean ports, for Lon
don, it was reported that there was a case
of bubonic plague on board, the patient
being one of the cabin passengers, an offi
cer in the India Company's service who
was coming home on leave.
The sufferer was attacked by the dis
ihe day after the steamer left Mar
seilles, and he was isolated as soon as
the nature of his disease was learned. He
was landed here.
GIVES BIRTH TO A SON.
Grand Duchess Xenia, Sister of the
Czar, Becomes a Mother.
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. 24.-The
Grand Duchess Xenia, sister of the Czar,
has given birth to a son.
The Grand Duchess Xenia, eldest sister
of Kmperor Nicholas, was born in IST.".
and is the wife of Grand Duke Alexander
a son of the Grand Duke Michael, who is
the grand uncie of the Czar.
Beer That Is Not Taxable.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24.— Some days
ago the Secretary of the Treasury sub
mitted to the Attorney General the ques
tion of the taxability of beer, under the
war revenue act. It is understood that
in the forthcoming opinion it will he held
that beer in the hands of the retailers on
the date the act went Into effect is not
subject to the inrreased'tax. This question
has been before the Internal Revenue Bu
rtitu for some time, and there being some
doubts as to the legality of the tax. Its
enforcement was not carried to the point
of reissue. Considerable sums, however,
were collected from retailers on this ac
count, and these will be refunded.
Two Brigadiers Bslieved.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24.— Brigadier
General Robert H. Hall has been relieved
from the command of the First Brigade,
First Division Fourth Army Corps, and
ordered to join the Fourth Infantry.
Brigadier General John A. Andrews has
been relieved from the command of ttie
Third Brigade, Second Division First
Army Corps, and ordered to join the
Twelfth Infantry.
Confession of a Perjurer.
OMAHA. Nebr., Dec. 24.— Ed Brixis has
made a written confession admitting that
he perjured himself in swearing that his
fonder employer. Joseph ElerofT, a res
| taurant keeper, was guilty of setting fire
| to the building at 107 North Ninth street
lon the morning of November 12. Brlxis
came here from Denver several weeks
ago, where he was formerly a deputy
sheriff.
Sword for General Boynton.
. CINCINNATI. ; Ohio. ' Dec. 24.— A ; thou
sand-dollar gold and silver mounted
sword made : in, this city was sent :by ex-.
press from ' here to Chattanooga to-day to
be ■ presented ito , General -H. V. Boynton,
as the I Christmas gift \of i citizens sof i that
city *to the officer, in testimony of their
high ; appreciation ; of his i late * services «at
Camp ; Thomas ' on the Chickamauga bat
tlefield.; • "■; ■ : •: . ■
FOR A FASTER
MAIL SERVICE
Speed of Trains to Be
Greatly Increased.
MANY SCHEDULES SHORTENED
DAY SAVED BETWEEN NEW
YORK AND THIS CITY.
Changes That Will Benefit All Points
in, the East and the Cities
on the Pacific
Coast.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24.— Second As
sistant Postmaster General Shallen
berger and Captain White, general su
perintendent of the Railway Mail Serv
ice, have succeeded in arranging for a
general change in the transcontinental
mail service, which will be of great
benefit to all points between Boston and
New York on the East and San Fran
cisco, Portland and all points on the
Pacific Coast on the West. The time
of the fast mail leaving New York at 9
p. m., on the New York Central road,
will be shortened three and a half hours
between New York and Chicago, the
arrival at the latter point being at 8:30
p. m., instead of at 12 midnight, as now.
The connection will be made at Buffalo,
so that mail which now arrives in De
troit at 6:20 p. m. will arrive at about
1 p. m., insuring delivery .at nearly all
points in Southern Michigan on the day
of the arrival in Detroit.
From Chicago fast trains will leave
for Milwaukee, St. Paul and Minneap
olis and for Omaha. Mail heretofore
reaching St. Paul at 1 p. m., and Min
neapolis at 1:40 p. m., will arrive at
about 8 a. m. and 6:40 a. m. respectively.
The overland trains now leaving at 1:30
p. m. will change so as to leave about
9:30 a. m., thus effecting a material
gain throughout Minnesota and expe
diting mails all the way through to the
coast, involving Helena, Mont., Spo
kane and Seattle, Wash., and the en
tire Northwestern coast. Mail now ar
riving in Omaha, Neb., at 2:40 p. m.
will arrive at that point at about 3 a.
m., and will connect by Union Pacific
transfer with the overland train leaving
Omaha in the morning over the Union
Pacific railroad, instead of the one
leaving on the same day and time in
the afternoon, thus effecting a gain in
transit of from ten to thirteen hours at
points between Omaha and San Fran
cisco, arriving at San Francisco at 8:45
p. m., instead of at 9:40 a. m. on the
following day, as at present.
The entire State of California -will re
ceive this mail practically for business
purposes about twenty-four hours ear
lier than it does at present.
The Oregon Short Line, running from
Green River, Wyo., to Portland, Or.,
will schedule its train so as to connect
with the fast mail, thus reaching Port
land at 5:30 p. m., instead of at 7:20 the
following morning.
These changes will affect the entire
Pacific Coast as well as all intermedi
ate points from New York to Chicago.
Eastbound there will be a correspond
ing gain. Mails from the West via
Omaha now arriving at Chicago at 6:45
will arrive at 3:30 a. m., and mails now
arriving from St.' Paul at 7 a. m. will
arrive at 2 a. m., connecting with fast
mail trains on the Lake Shore and
Michigan Southern, the Pennsylvania
and Illinois Central, leaving Chicago at
2:30 and 3 a. m.
Mails from the West now arriving in
New York at 10:35 a. m. will reach that
city at 5:35 a. m., in time for the first
carrier's delivery. The Boston, which
now reaches the delivery at 2:10 p. m.,
will arrive at 7:32 a. m.
There will be a corresponding gain
for nearly all Eastern points. The con
nection with the fast mail on the Illi
nois Central will advance all mails for
points contiguous to that line through
to New Orleans. Mail will reach Pitts
burg at 4:55 p. m., instead of at 11:59
p. m. The connection with the Monon
fast mail, leaving Chicago at 2:45 a. m.,
will put mail into Cincinnati at 11:20
a. m., instead of at 6 p. m., as now.
CHINESE MURDERED
AND INCINERATED
Bobber Takes a Life and Sets Fire to
the Home of His
Victim.
CARSON, Nev., Dec. 24.— A Chinese
washhouse in Lake Valley whs destroyed
by fire last night, and this morning the
body of the Chinese proprietor was dis
covered in the ashes. There was a bul
let-hole in the head and^ his skull was
crushed, showing that he had been mur
dered. Robbery must hair been the ob
ject, as he had a stock of winter pro
visions and a large sum of money.
The scene of tin- crime is in El Dorado
County. Cal., and officers of that county
are investigating. A stranger who came to
the valley some weeks ago has been ar
rested on suspicion.
Tod Sloan's Christmas.
KOKOMO, Ind., Dec. 24.— Jockey Tod
Sloan has arrived here to spend Christ
mas with his foster parents. Mr. and Mrs.
D. G. Blouser. This is his first visit home
since the beginning of hls'turf career, ten
years ago. He was accompanied here by
Eddie Bald, the bicyclist, and Charles
Dwyer, a son of M. F. Dwyer of New
York. The three will resume their jour
ney West the last of next week. Their
car is filled with hunting equipments. Tod
says he will remain in California, until
April, when he will return to England to
ride two seasons for the Prince of Wales
and Lord Beresford's stable. He will do
no riding In America in the meantime.
Editors Offend a Judge.
CARSON, Dec. 24.— The News having
charged the court and Commissioners
with having conspired to make an unfair
drawing of the Grand Jury, and the pub
lishers when called before the Grand Jury
having failed to make good its charges,
the court ordered the District Attorney
to prepare the necessary affidavit to bring
contempt proceedings. They will be called
upon to appear on Tuesday at 3 o'clock.
Collision in a Fog.
STOCKTON. Dec. 24.— me Union Trans
portation Comnany's steamer Captain
Weber ran into a schooner anchored in
midstream in the San Joaquln River in
a dense fog. with the result that a larse
portion of the steamer's house was torn
out. It Is aneged the schooner (the
Hermlne Blum; displayed no lights nor
rang a fog-bell, and mat sne is liable to
a fine of $200.
Budget for Porto Rico.
SAN JUAN DE PORTO RICO, Dec. 24.-
Genc-ral Guy V, Henry, the IVUlitary Gov
ernor of Porto Rico, reduces the budget
for next year from 4,000,0<30 pesos, as under
the Spanish regime, to 1,700,000 pesos.' He
asks for authority to apply the custom
house revenue to the Improvement of
roads and the cleaning of cities.
Colonel Wolverton Retired.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 24.— Lieutenant
Colonel Wiliam D. Wolverton, deputy
surgeon general, has been retired.
Ivory Is a Bankrupt.
NEW YORK, Dec. 24.— Edward J. Ivory,
the well-known Irish agitator, who was
arraigned on a charge of conspiracy a
year or ; so ago, filed, a voluntary petition
in bankruptcy to-day. His total liabili
ties are $5913. due principally to a brewing
company for money loaned to Ivory in
1c94.
ANGELLOTTFS DENIAL.
Not a Candidate for Supreme Court
Commissioner.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 24.— Superior Judge
F. M. Angellotti, in refutation of his can
didacy for the office of Supreme Court
Commissioner, as published In to-day's
Chronicle, said to me:
"I wish it distinctly understood that I
am not a candidate for the office of Su
preme Court Commissioner, have never
been, «ir.d under no circumstances will I
consent to be a canuidate for the office."
Lumber Mill Destroyed.
BURLINGTON, Vt., Dec. 24.— Twelve
cars containing 11,000,000 feet of lumber,
a planing mill, eight sheds and a large
quantity of machinery, the property of
the Shepherd & More Lumber Company
of Boston and this city, were swept away
by fire to-day, causing a loss estimated
at a quarter or a million dollars. The en
tire plant of the company was practically
wiped out of existence, and it was with
great difficulty that adjoining property
was saved.
Volunteers Paid and Discharged.
LEAVENAYORTH, Kan., Dec. 24,-Two
hundred soldiers who enlisted for two
years, or during the war with Spain, were
discharged from the Twentieth Infantry
here to-day and paid. Most of them will
re-enlist for the Manila trip. The regi
ment, which has been ordered to the Phil
ippines, expects to leave for San Fran
cisco January 10.
Rejects the Proffered Loan.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 24.— 1t is semi
officially announced that the Minister ot
Finance, M. de Witte, is unable to ac
cept the proposal recently communicated
by the United States Charge d' Affaires of
William Ivina of New York, the repre
sentative of a group of financiers, to
make a large loan to Russia.
Wanted a Fight and Got It.
GALLIPOLIS. Ohio, Dec. 24.-Edward
Earwood, a farmer near Yellowtown,
came to Gallipolls, and while on his way
home disturbed a literary meeting in a
country schoolhouse. After he had mads
threats to "clean out" the place and had
used considerable bad language, he was
hit just above the left ear with a club
and died of a fractured skull in an hour.
Brnnnau's Slayer Released.
CARSON, Dec. 24.— The Ormsby County
Grand Jury failed to find a bill against
James Moss, charged with the killing of
Martin "W. Brannan, and the prisoner
was dismissed. The testimony presented
to the Grand Jury was conclusive that
Moss acted in self-defense.
EAGAN OR MILES MA!
BE COURT-MARTIALED
Continued from First Page.
charges against anybody what
ever in the service, but thinks the
law, military and civil, is ample to
be invoked in the cause of truth
and justice. General Eagan con
tents himself with the complete
denial of the statements alleged
to have been made by General
Miles."
The interview alleged to have
been given by General Miles, and
to which General Eagan takes
exception, was published yester
day in a Cincinnati paper. Gen
eral Miles expressed the belief
that the action of chemicals used
in the preparation of beef for the
army of Porto Rico and Cuba was
largely responsible for the sick
ness of the army. General Miles
was also quoted as saying he had
"suggested that food was sent to
his large army under pretense of
experiment," and, further, that
to feed an army with such beef
was "more than an experiment."
When I saw General Miles to
day he declined to make any
statement whatever for publica
tion concerning the matter,
giving" me to understand that
the action he would take
would be maintained a secret for
the present. From what I have
been able to learn, however, Gen
eral Miles will not retract what he
has said. He has made a careful
investigation of the beef ques
tion, and his statements before
the War Commission some days
ago were fortified by reports
from regimental commanders
and surgeons. He did not say of
his own motion, ' therefore, that
the beef was bad, but he gave it
as his opinion, based upon the re
ports of officers under his com
mand that such was the case.
It is presumed by those close
to him that General Miles pro
poses to make a statement to the
Secretary of War concerning the
condition of meat furnished his
army, and will recommend that'
such action be taken in the
premises as may be deemed
proper. It will then rest with the
President and Secretary of War
to determine what shall be done,
and the friends of General Eagan
say that in case the matter takes
such a turn as that indicated
there can be but one result — his
court-martial, which they are cer
tain will terminate in his vindi
cation. Should such a vindica
tion occur, they add, General
Miles will have been shown to be
guilty of having publicly calum
niated General Eagan, and that
he should be court-martialed on a
charge of "conduct unbecoming
an officer and gentleman."
Should he be found guilty the ar
ticles of war prescribe that the
sentence shall be dismissal.
-.■;■; ""V . '-.'■■■.■.; /..''/.'- ' ADVERTISEMENTS^
®®®®@®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
I LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S ; I
I Mackintoshes i
® ®
@ ...AT ALMOST... f - ' ®
I ONE-HALF THEIR ACTUAL VALUE. ]
i ' SALE BEGINNING TUESDAY, DECEMBER 27th. !
® ; : . '■ ; : ; -•■•■•• •• — __:—-i: — -i ■ . ■ ■ ©
® |f| I A>>: Children's Mackintoshes. ! Af\ pf) Ladies' Mackintoshes, ®
® VI /h Tweed mixtures, separate \< hjl Black and Navy Cash- ®
® 10 VI military capes/rubber |j||J |\) Ul mere, rubber lined, with ®
® lined, ail sizes, regular value $2.25, to separate military capes, veivet'collars, all ®
close out at $1.25 each. '. \'r: > sizes, regular value $5.50, to close out at ®
©■ .. ' — — \; ' .. $3.50 each.. ®
r? 00 Kft Children's Mackintoshes, ftr "rt% — , Mackintoshes, ©
® V / •■'■ "ill Navy. Blue Cashmere, vt JUil m /~ w- a
IMS; ™aSSS.SQ, g.33 1
I g u ,»r,,i u y , s3 p so liL c;o Sa o U « a > d. o S o. mcd with fancy check miner, t all- sizes, r»)
® regular value $3.50, to cose out at $2.50, , *q *n » 1 * **«;«;n
s _ regular vaius $3 50, to close out at $3.50.
1 UMBRELLA SPECIAL HOSIERY SPECIAL I
© 01 Eft EACH— Ladies* Gloria Silk AA j PAlR— Ladies' Black Cash- ®
© VI nil Umbrellas, steel rod, tightly A <Lp mere Wool Hose! high-sp'icsd ®
© vll vU rolled, in latest Dresden and; UWull hee's and tees, exce eit qual- ®
® natural wood handles, regular price $2.50 ity, regular value 50c a pair, to close out ©
© each, to close at $1 .50 each. lat 3 pairs for $1. ®
I Lines of Ladies' Neckwear, Jabots, Feather Boas, Fans, Ladies' %
® and Gents' Embroidered and Initial Handkerchiefs ;®
© _i_ • ■• ©
© GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. %
i^J - i'\ «^~~~~--— — — — »— — -^~^~~~^^-~^— w~— _~. . _ . ®
® COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. ®
®' '• ■■-'"' ■ '■'"• ''' i! ''' - !■■_■_ '-----'----■- -. ■ J^r^r-*_^_^j^,-w, -_^_-_,- " ' ' f~\
® " .■■ ' " ' ®
©®® ® ® © Ci) ®®®®®©©© ® © ® ® © ® ® © ®®®®®®®®®©®®
PEACE PREVAILS
IN PINAR DEL RIO
Reconstruction of the
Province.
GENERAL DAVIS WELCOMED
PATRIOTISM DISPLAYED BY THE
CUBANS.
Great Demonstration of Insurgents,
Women and Children Upon the
Arrival of the American
Force.
Correspondence of the Associated Press.
PINAR DEL RIO. Dec. 19.— The re
construction of this great tobacco
raising, sugar-growing province has
begun. Absolute peace exists, and the
people are at work. General Davis, be
fore he left for Havana, was told that
brigands probably would overrun the
province; that petty dictators were
taxing the villages; that insurgents
had occupied the towns and would not
yield paramount authority to the
Americans, and Jtaat he would be in
finitely vexed f>y obstacles in every
step of restoration of civil order among
a restless people.
When General Davis, with his staff,
a battalion of the Two Hundred and
Second New York Regiment and a sig
nal corps company, reached the bor
ders of the province in the journey by
train from Havana they were received
at Santiago de las Vegas by a colonel
and 190 Cuban horsemen, aligned near
the station. Afterward, behind them,
were 125 young Cuban women on horse
back. Around and behind this caval
cade townspeople gathered, shaggy
haired ©Id men, women in black, troops
of children with flowers and small Cu
ban and American nags. As General
Davis and his staff appeared on the
platform there was a passionate burst
of "Vivas" and bare machetes Hashed
in the medley of colors.
The cheering was so prolonged and
genuine that the Americans were
moved by it. The colonel placed him
self and his men at General Davis' dis
posal. The Alcalde of the town made
an address. The general, who- knows
some conversational Spanish, but not
enough for a public speech, said,
through an interpreter, that the Cuban
people had been through great trials
and .sufferings and that the Americans
were there to aid in securing their lib-
erty.
Surgeon Major J. J. Kneedler had be
come separated in the crowd from Gen
eral Davis and one of a committee of
priests began to read him an address
of welcome, thinking the doctor was
the general. Major Kneedler, who at
first did not perceive the drift of the
address, was unable to find an opening
to stop the padre before the welcome
had been concluded.
The doctor, through a Cuban, who
could speak English and Snanish, said
that as one of the American ships with
General Davis he regarded the Cubans
as men and brethren and that in all his
travels he had not been in so fine a
country. The Americans then swept
on through wide spaces of deserted
country. From the train they could see
occasionally the blackened walls and
tall chimney of a ruined sugar centrale.
At each of the towns the senior Cuban
officer made known his allegiance to
the proposed order of things under the
American protectorate.
Pinar del Rio City gave a reeeptio-n
as enthusiastic as that given at Santi
ago de las Vegas. The Cuban com
mander turned over the municipal and
provincial belongings. General Davis
has communicated by letter'or by mes
senger with the important towns in the
province. Not an incident of brigand
age or injury to personal rights has
resulted. The most flagrant crime has
been the disappearance of some chick
ens. The Spanish residents, some of
whom are the well-to-do men of the
city, had lived in the interior between
Spanish evacuation and American oc
cupation unharmed.
The people near Pinar have torn the
wire from the troche and have inclosed
yard? and fields with it. The principal
storekeeper has painted advertisements
on two of the forts.
The town is well fed on chickens,
fresh beef, fruit and, vegetables. The
country is exhausted but the revivica
tlon has begun. Palm huts are build
ing on wasted farms. The country peo
ple are now living chiefly on radishes,
sweet potatoes, sugar cane and chicken
and quail shot or trapped in the
thickets.
Pinar del Rio City has many pretty
houses. The population was 12,000, of
which number 7000 have been buried. .
The women are all in black.
Following General Davis* instruc
tions the American officers and privates
are careful to return the salutes of the
Cuban soldiers, who, armed and un
armed, are coming and going all the
time. They subsist largely on gifts of
food. Some, forced by necessity, have
sold their rifles. Mausers captured from
the Spaniards are selling for $5 or $6.
In Havana Mausers are surreptitiously
sold for $20 or $25.
The battalion of the Two Hundred
and Second New York Regiment, under
Major Wood, is camped on high
ground and about a mile outside the
city. The landscape of rolling coun
try and distant mountains is most
beautiful. The men have foe«n work
ing hard cutting grass and organizing
camp. They have not missed having
fresh bread and beef since they left
Havana. Forty-two head of cattle
bought to-day for the camp are graz
ing near by. Guard duty is light. One
post of three men is maintained at the
railway station and another is at El
Globe Hotel. where General Davis stops.
No other guard duty outside the camp
is required. The men expect to be re
placed by regulars in the spring and
allowed to go home. Dreadful stories
are told of the malaria that develops
around Pinar del Rio with the begin
ning of hot weather.
JAMES W. FLOOD
IS A FREE MAN
Ex-Cashier of the Donohoe - Kelly
Bank Walks From San
Quentin Prison.
SAN QUENTFN. Dec. 24.— Notice was
received from Governor Budd by Warde.i
Hale to-day of the pardon of James "W.
Flood, ex-cashier of the Donohoe-Kelly
Bank, who was serving a seven-year sen
tence for having embezzled $60,000 of the
bank funds and falsified the records of
the bank in order to get possession of cer
tain money. Flood was indicted by the
Grand Jury in 1593, but the case was
fought so bitterly that he was not sent to
prison until December. 1895. Flood waa
released and went to San Francisco this
evening.
.Eight were pardoned in all. The most
important were Byrd Beebe. sentenced to
life for murder in the second degree, who
has already served twelve years; the Gib
son brothers, whoso case has already been
exploited in public print, and T. H. tyati
pin, serving time for the killing of a
squawman.
MACY'S NOSE IN FRONT.
Schorr Entry Wins the Christinas
Handicap at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 24.— The Christ
mas handicap for all ages at a mile, val
ued at $1000, was the feature of the day's
card. Tommy Burns' riding landed the
prize for h!s employers. J. W. Schorr &
Sons of Memphis, whose candidate, Macy,
had but a short head the best of it at the
wire. The weather was cloudy and track
good. Results:
First race six furlongs— Debride won, Sim
W second, Canova third. Time 1:1&»>
Second race, handicap, five furlongs-Milage
Pride won, Frank Bell second. Gold Fox third.
T Tw'rt : ra« selling, mile and three-eight hs-
Clay Pointer won. Double Dummy second.
M Fourth ' race. Christmas" handicap, one mile—
Macy won. littttw necond. Belle of Memphis
th Fl'rth race' Blls' and a sixteenth, selling—
Sister Stella won. Bequeath second, Tranby
third. Time, I*l%.
Forbes Defeats Sprague.
CHICAGO, Dec. 24.— Barry Forbes was
piven the decision over Eddie Sprague of
Streator IH-, at the end of a six-round
bout to-night at the Chicago Athletic
Club. Fortes had the better or it all the
way through. -
Governor Tanner Seriously HI.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Dec. 24.— Governor
Tnnnor'3 illness has taken a more seri
ous turn, and he has been compelled to
take to his bed.' He returned home sev
eral days ago from an Eastern trip suf
fering from an attack of grip.
White and Negro Miners Battle.
PAN A, 111., Dec. vL— White union
miners and Imported negro miners en
gaged in a street fight this evening. Da
vid McCavie. a white miner, and Charles
Gilbert, a non-union negro miner, were
very badly injured. Gilbert will probably
die.
Will Not Buy Fernando Po.
BERLIN, Dec. 24.— 1 1 official circles
here it is said that there is no truth In
the report that Germany has proposed to
buy the island of Fernan'io Po, the Span
ish penal settlement in tie Bight of Bia
fra, Western Africa.
Cease Publication.
SANTANDER, Spain Dec. 24.— The pa
pers here have ceased publication, owing
to the severity of the censorship.AMERICA IS
WONDERFULLY
PROSPEROUS
New York Dictates Money
Rates to the Old World
Financiers.
While the United States Advances With Giant
Strides to First Place Among the
Powers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON. Dec. 14.— 1t is no exagger
ation to assert that the foremost topic
compelling attention in Europe in gen
eral and in Great Britain in particu
lar, overshadowing the dreary broils of
domestic politics, is the remarkable, ag
gressive, commercial prosperity which
the United States is manifesting.
Hardly a newspaper review or a pub-
He speaker during the past month has
failed to notice with what giant strides
America is coming into the first place
In the alignment of powers. It is cer
tainly the chief subject of conversation
on Lombard street and on the Conti
nental Bourses.
The manager of one of the greatest
London banks recently drew an Ameri
can business man into his private of
fice and said, in an awestruck tone:
"This is the first time in the history
of finance that New York has been in
a position to dictate money rates to
London, Berlin and Paris."
The bank manager added that Lon
don's purchases of American securities
were a feather's weight compared with
the balance of trade in New York's
favor.
James Bryce, in a speech before the
Leicester Chamber of Commerce,
Bounded a warning to British manu
facturers. He emphasized the fact that
the exports of the United States and
Germany had increased £34,000,000 and
£:v1,000,000: v 1,000,000, 000,000 respectively between 1891
and 1897. while Great Britain's de
creased £15,000,000. He further pointed
out that the business of the United
States was developing along many im
portant lines, which Great Britain, he
added, should have held against all
competitors. Mr. Bryce unhesitatingly
asserted that the United States could
produce rails cheaper than Great Brit
ain, and said he saw no possibility of
opening new markets except in China.
Great Britain seems to have become
reconciled to the capture of the iron
markets by the United States. Amer
ican firms are uniformly successful in
bidding against the British firms. The
Carnegie Company and the Illinois
Kteet Company have opened extensive
offices in London and are making in
roads upon the British reserve. Colonel
Hunsaker, the Carnegie representative,
has contracted for 30,000 tons of plates
for the Coolgardie road, Australia, and
the company was unable to undertake
the contract for 30,000 tons more.
A dispatch from Berlin says It is a
fact that the Russian Government has
ordered SO.OOO tons of American rails,
and the prospect of American competi
tion for the contracts in connection
with Russia's extensive railroads
alarms manufacturers here and else
where. Consuls assert that all Europe
is swarming as never before with the
agents of American manufacturers of
steel, street railways, electrical appa
ratus and all kinds of machinery, who
aro leading the commercial invasion.
The reports of attempts to float a
British loan in New York have been
received skeptically here.
FATAL FIRE IN A
FIVE-STORY TENEMENT
Several Occupants of the Structure
Lose Their Lives in the
Flames.
NEW YORK, Dec. 25.— Fire broke out
m the five-story tenement at 175 Green
wich street at about 1 o'clock this
morning and resulted in the loss of sev
pral lives. Owing to the fact that there
was another fire down town it was
about fifteen minutes before the first
engine reached the blazing tenement.
The fire burned very fiercely and
there was a panic among the tenants.
About five families lived in the house
and the first body found, shortly before
2 o'clock, was that of a woman sup
posed to be a Mrs. Bannon, who lived
with her two sons on the fourth floor.
A boy named Richard Hickson,
probably four or five years of age, who
lived with his father and mother and
five other children on the fifth floor,
is believed to be burned to death, and
one of the other children has not been
accounted for, and probably was also
burned to death.
When the firemen reached the house
the stairway and halls from street to
roof were blocked with flames, and
flames were pouring forth from every
Window in front. Dense volumes of
■moke rolled high above the building.
The firemen made their wav up to the
top of the building by means of fire
escapes and rescued a number of
people.
The firemen battered down doors ana
rushed through the smoke and flames.
>■>■•: Kreuger ordered them right
through !> .r- building to the top, and they
succeeded in making their way. They
found several of the tenants almost suf
focated and brought them to the street.
Two firemen were overcome by smoke,
but their places were quickly taken br
others. Assistant Foreman of Engine 6
Peter Andrews fell from the first story
flre escape and received serious injuries
■ • :.a<k.
The nre was out at 2:40 a. m. At that
hour the firemen were still searching for
bodies--. Ktre Chief Krueper said that
erlck Hickson, Z years old. has been
burned to death and that his brother,
Richard, a little younger, and another
child were missing, a.s well as one wom
an Mrs. Bnumon, who was carried down
the fire escape and supposed by the fire
nien to be dead, was unconscious only.
She regained consciousness, but her con
dition is serious.
Survived the Blizzard.
VIENNA. Dec. 24.— 1t is now learned
that the several hundred Montenegrin
soldiers who were recently overtaken by
a snowstorm in Lara Pass, and who were
thought to have been frozen to death,
succeeded in making lheir way through
the heavy drifts an<l have arrived safely
at PodgorftSfti ■ town of Montenegro.
Triple Murderer Captured.
TIFFIN. Ohio. Dec. 24.— An unknown
young man who was arrested this week
while in a fit of insanity is believed to
b» William Collier, charged with the mur
der of three persons an entire family, at
Worcester, Mass. Tin Worcester authori
ties have been notih d and will send an
Several financiers have said that
Russia tried to raise money in London,
Paris, Berlin and Amsterdam, and that '
she seems to have turned to the United i
States as a forlorn hope, possibly with j
the view of reaping incidental political j
advantages. But it is admitted that it
is a question of a short time when
capitalists will have to reckon with
New York as a competitor in high
finance.
The Daily Chronicle comments upon
the fact that American capitalists
"have the courage of their financial
opinions if they think they know the
European situation better than the
capitalists of the Old World."
There is much interest here regard
ing the choice of a successor of Ethan
Allen Hitchcock as United States Em
bassador at St. Petersburg. It is con
sidered that the post demands the
presence of the strongest diplomat, in
view of the entrance of the United
States into the East. Russia has sent
one of her ablest men to Washington,
though a transfer from Washington to
Constantinople or Madrid has hitherto
been considered in the service as being
a promotion. Russia expects President
McKinley to reciprocate.
Mr. Hitchcock carries home with him
the conviction that Russia is still a
stanch friend of America, which he has
endeavored to impress upon the State
Department at Washington and on all
influential Americans he has met
abroad.
The English habit of entirely drop
ping serious affairs at the holiday sea
son has respited the squabbles about
the Liberal leadership, but Sir Edward
Russell, who is writing: his reminis
cences, furnished material for a new
controversy. He writes that while
Lord Rosebery was resigning the Pre
miership the Queen earnestly, almost
affectionately, begged him not to turn
Conservative.
He explained that her Majesty
dreads the alignment of all the ariß
tocracy on the Tory side against all the
commoners on the Liberal side. Lord
Rosebery has promptly requested the
newspapers to deny the statement, and
Sir Edward Russell says:
"I have good reason to believe it is
true, though nobody shall drag from
me my authority."
The English newspapers, pursuing
their traditional policy of keeping the
I sovereign above partisan politics, re
frain from commenting upon the inci
dent, but the people discuss the Ptory
with the utmost interest.
The Hungarian politicians of the op
position party threaten to throw Hun
gary into a state of anarchy before
| they consent to an extra constitutional
I "compromise" with Austria.
They have carried out their promise
to issue a manifesto to the people, urg
ing them not to pay taxes or to allow
the enrolling of recruits. As the clergy
I are preaching resistance to the Govern
; ment, which they have never forgiven
j for passing the law allowing civil mar
riages, the rebellion may be serious.
Trouble is expected from the municipal
: ities, which have the right to withhold
taxes and recruits so long as parlia
ment has not legislated therefor.
officer after thf prisoner, who tallies in
every respect with the person wanted.
Will Fight the Combine.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Dec. 24.— A special
from Akron, Ohio, says the Goodrich
Rubber Company will not be in the me
chanical rubber combine, which is being
engineered by Charles D. Flint. The
Akron Company was approached, but re
fused to enter the combine. The plant is
the largest of its kind in the country
lowa Volunteer Killed.
DUBUQUE, lowa, Dec. 24.— A cablegram
from Havana states that Henry Becker
of Dubuque. a member of Company A
Fortieth lowa Volunteers, fell through a
hatchway while disembarking and was
killed.
Election Contest Filed.
SANTA CRUZ, Dec. 24.— J. A. Linscott
(R.) to-day filed a contest of the election
of Ed White (fusion for Supervisor in
Pajaro district, on the ground of irregu
larities in precincts in watsonville and
Corralitos.
Captured Spanish Gunboats.
NORFOLK, Va., Dec. 24.— The captured
Spanish gunboats Alvarado and Sandoval
arrived here to-day from Quantanamo,
Cuba, under the command of Lieutenants
Blue and Anderson. They will be repaired
and refitted at the Norfolk navy-yard.
A Hotel of All the States.
"I ran across one of the queerest hotels
in the world not long ago," said a drum
mer Just in from a trip. "I don't care to
advertise the establishment gratuitously,
so suffice it to say it's situated in a city
made by nearly all traveling men out of
New Orleans, and is run by an eccentric
old chap who has named his rooms after
States, instead of giving them numbers.
The effect is somewhat startling. I went
there first to Inquire for a friend. 'Yes,
he's in Texas,' replied the clerk, when I
mentioned the name. 'But he isn't in
Texas.' I protested, 'for I happen to know
be'a right here in this hotel.' Then he ex
plained. While I was standing there
waiting the side talk at the desk was
enough to make a man think he was
crazy. 'Gent in Massachusetts is kick-
Ing, sir,' said a bellboy. •Claims dat feller
in Utah is all de time playin' de 'cor
dion at nights.' 'Put him in Montana.' re
plied the clerk. 'No towels in North Da
kota,' said a chambermaid, 'and that fat
man in Florida wants to be changed to
Vermont.' My friend came down looking
very rocky. He said he'd been sitting in
a little poker game in Rhode Island the
night before and woke up in California.
Didn't know how th<? dickens he got
there. The place interested me, and I
could hardly tear myself away Mv
friend assured me that It was run strictly
according to State traditions. He was in
Maine at first, he said, but they refused
to send any beer to his room on account
of the prohibition law, so he had them
change him across the hall to Kentucky
and now he likes it so well he has con
cluded to stay indefinitely. I met the pro
prietor and 'found him a rabid advocate of
territorial expansion. You see, he wants
to build an annex."— New Orleans Times-
Democrat.
Ashtabula. Ohio, has for years been
treasuring as a relic a shell which was
fired by a British warship in 1812, and
which had failed to explode. Somehow it
got into a pile of scrap iron delivered to
! the Phoenix Iron Works foundry and per
formed its functions so well that the fur
nace doors were blown to smithereens.
THE SAX FKA:N CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1898.
TREATY OF PEACE
PLACED IN HANDS
OF THE PRESIDENT
Taken to the White House by
Commissioners Who Arranged
the Terms at Paris.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24.— President
McKinley received from the American
Peace Commission late this afternoon
the treaty of peace between the United
States and Spain. In presenting this
momentous document Judge Day, as
chairman of the commission, said it
represented the earnest efforts of the
American representatives at Paris, and
that it was submitted with the hope
that it would redound to the peace,
credit and glory of the American na
tion.
Accepting the treaty from the hands
of Judge Day, the President responded
with heartfelt thanks and congratula
tions to the commission as a body and
to the members individually. He spoke
of all that had been accomplished and
of the happy method by which difficult
questions had been adjusted.
The formal ceremony of delivering
the treaty to the President occurred
in the blue room and lasted half an
hour. The commission arrived here
from New York on a special train at
4:20 p. m. A great crowd of holiday
excursionists filled the railroad station,
and in order to avert the jam the
special was run on a side track, where
the officials had an opportunity
to leave the train before it
reached the depot. Chief Clerk
Miles of the State Department was
on hand -as representative of Sec
retary Hay, and quite a number of of
ficials from the State, War and Navy
departments, as well as friends and rel
atives, were there to greet them. As
they stepped from the train there was
general handshaking and congratula
tions, and then the party was escorted
to carriages and driven directly to the
White House. It was noticed that as
Judge Day and his associates came
from the train they were unincumbered
with any sort of luggage or documents.
But Hon. John B. Moore, late Assist-
It Secretary of State and legal ad
er of the commission, carried with
a a huge yellow leather case. This
;e never left Mr. Moore's hands, for in
,vas the peace treaty which the com
ssion was bearing to the President,
ur of the Commissioners— Day, Reid,
vis and Frye— took the first carriage
the White House and soon there^
er Senator Gray, the remaining
mber, followed with Mr. Moore and
the precious leather case. The ladies
of the party also proceeded to the
White House and joined the Commis
sioners as they went before the Presi-
e Secretary Hay was with the Presi
dent when the party arrived at the
White House. The first greeting was
quite informal, the President coming to
the private vestibule which leads to the
special drawing-rooms. Judge Day was
the first to grasp the President's hand
and then followed the personal ex
changes. The President, remarked on
the vigorous health of all the members.
In the meantime Mr. Moore and his
precious bag had arrived in the outer
corrider. Before going inside Mr.
Moore opened the case and from it took
the treaty, in a morocco binding about
the size of a large encyclopedia. Then,
joining Secretary Gray, they proceeded
together to the private vestibule. Mr.
Moore carrying the treaty under his
arm. All the members of the commis
sion being now assembled the President
led the way to the blue room. Besides
the President, Secretary Hay and the
commissioners, there were present
Arthur Ferguson, who, as official inter
preter, had been through the arduous
|>rs of the commission when the
erican and Spanish representatives
c together, also Messrs. Hay and
v, sons of the Secretary and Sena
and several ladies of the party re
tie Secretary stood at the further
of the room while the party ranged
jnd him. Taking the treaty Judge
r addressed the President in the
iner already alluded to. His re
marks were quite informal and Im
promptu, brief, dignified and to the
point, in assuring the President of the
satisfaction the commission felt that
Its labors were ended in such a way as
to give promise of the welfare of the
country. After the President's response
some time was spent in informal dis
cussion of the trip and then all of the
commissioners, except Judge Day, de
parted. The latter remained with the
President for dinner, intending to leave
with Mrs. Day at 7:20 o'clock for Can
ton, where they are anxious to see their
family after the long absence.
Mr. Reid returned to New York to
night; Senator Gray went to his home
in Delaware and Senators Davis and
Frye remain at their homes in Wash-
ington.
It was stated that the treaty would
not be made public at present, the usual
courtesy to the Senate requiring that
it should be submitted to that body be
fore being made public. In the mean
time it will remain in the custody of
the State Department for safe keeping,
although copies of it will be in the
hands of the President for such con
sideration as may be needed.
It is the impression that with the
submission of the treaty to the Presi
dent the official existence of the Peace
Commission terminated. Should there
be occasion, which is scarcely conceiv
able, for further negotiations on any of
the subjects touched by the treaty it
is said this will either be done by di
rect negotiation with, the Madrid Gov
ernment or through an entirely new
commission. It is a rather remarkable
fact that the commissioners were en
abled to complete their work In Paris
in almost exactly the time predicted by
Judge Day before he left the United
States.
It is expected that the treaty will be
submitted to the Senate almost im
mediately after the reassembling of
Congress.
FILIPINO ENVOYS FOLLOW
PEACE COMMISSIONERS
Agoncillo Continues to Protest
Against the Annexation of
the Philippines.
NEW YORK, Dec. 24.— The Filipino
envoys, Agoncillo and Lopez, following
close on the heels of the Peace Com
missioners, returned to this city to-day
on the Etruria. They will remain here
over Christmas and at the close of the
holidays go to Washington, where they
will await the arrival of Juan Luna,
General Reigo de Bros and Dr. Tejo-
sada, special commissioners sent out by
Aguinaldo to the American Govern
ment. The new contingent of Filipinos
are expected to reach Washington by
way of San Francisco by January 2
next.
Agoncillo, when he arrived at quar
antine, made inquiries about Judge Day
and the other members of the American
commission. He was told that they
had rrived safely on the St. Louis and
that the treaty of peace between the
United States and Spain was doubtless
in the hands of President McKinley.
"I have seen a Spanish copy of it,"
said Agoncillo, "and know all that con
cerns my country. The Spaniards gave
away or sold what they did not pos
sess. The agreement, as far as it con
cerns the archipelago, is practically
void."
"Are you still opposed to the annexa
tion of the Philippines to the United
States?" he was asked.
"Certainly I am, and why should I not
be? Has not Admiral Dewey in his of
ficial communication to the United
States Government said the people of
the Philippines are more fitted for self
government than those of Cuba, and
that he knew both races well? Devvey's
word ought to have some weight, and
is it right to keep my countrymen back
while you promise freedom to the peo
ple of Cuba?"
"Was your mission to Parts as fruit
ful as you expected?"
"I believe that it was fairly so. I
think that the American people under
stand the situation now and that they
will see that Justice is done the Fili
pinos when the expansion bubble has
burst. I am now waiting further in
structions as to how to proceed and
they will arrive with the special com
missioners I have mentioned."
GRAY REFUSES TO
DISCUSS THE TREATY
But He Believes the Convention Will
Be Ratified Without Amend
ment.
WILMINGTON, Del., Dec. 24.—Unit
ed States Senator Gray, one of the
Peace Commissioners, arrived home to
night. He said that while he did not
know the sentiment of the people on
this side of the Atlantic with reference
to the treaty, and had not consulted
his colleagues in the Senate, it was his
opinion that the treaty would be rati
fied without amendment. W T hen asked
if he was favorable to the conditions of
the treaty he evaded a direct reply by
saying: "Well, I signed It."
Mr. Gray declined to discuss the
treaty, saying that it would not be
diplomatic at this time.
STONEWALL JACKSON'S SCOUT.
He was Wounded Sixty-Seven Times
and Decorated by the Czar.
Major Lamar Fontaine, who arrived
in th>2 city yesterday morning, is prob
ably one of the moat interesting vet
erans of the Confederacy. He is the
only representative of Camp Sam Cam
mack of Coahoma County, Miss., and
during his stay in the cityy will be the
guest of Captain John Milledge on
Trini.y avenue.
Major Fontaine has been a soldier
nearly all his life, and the story of his
adventures in all parts ' of tue world
sounds like fiction.
He served in the Russian army dur
ing the Crimean war, and at the siege
of Sebastopol was decorated by Czar
Nicholas with the Iron Cross of Honor
for daring bravery during the battle.
At the time of the memorable charge of
the Light Brigade at Balaklava Major
Fontaine was sixteen miles away but
he could hear the guns and see the
smoke of that famous battle.
After leaving the Russian army he
traveled about the world in company
with an uncle, but was living in the
South at the opening of the civil war
and enlisted as a private on the Tenth
Mississippi Rifles, but later was trans
ferred to Company X, Eighteenth Mis
sissippi Regiment. While a member of
this regiment, in August, 1861, he wrote
the well-known poem, "All Quiet Along
the Potomac," which has B ince been
widely copied all over the world
He began his war work with the
Confederate army as scout and courier
for General Stonewall Jackson. He
served in the xme capacity with Gen!
erals Stuart and Johnson, and briefly
with General Lee. He took part in
twenty-seven pitched battles, fifty
seven skirmishes and over a hundred
was'sheT skirmlshes in whichbK
Although he was but a private in the
ranks, he was at one time intrusted
With a carte blanche order on the treas
ury of the Confederate States HelSs
known in all branches of the Con?ed?
crate service as the best marksman
with rifle or revolver In elthS army"
He was wounded sixty-seven times'
and thirteen times his lungs were
pierced. Five times in the c«furse of
the he was reported dead. On two
occasions he was able, with the aid uf
mirrors to look into apertures tnhfs
neart WatCh the beatlng of his °™
Major Fontaine has kept a complete
diary for. nearly forty years, and 35s in
itself is an unusually interesting work
comprising a number of volumes and
containing much valuable information
He also has many documents signed by
prominent officers . of the Confederate
army bearing testimony to his remlrk
able marksmanship. narK
r,- Tf S> said , Major Fontaine last
night, "it would seem as though I had
field l *& most of "S "ft' on- the battle
field. My life has been rather eventful
in a way, and I think that I have had
a few interesting experiences •
twZ hG l documents I have caved all
through the war, and x while they may
be interesting and valuable I « care for
Sfwm°£/ Or th e T Jf ake of my children
it f. will be ■ something to . leave them
hen I am gone, - and _ I have managed
Jh/L 6^ 1^ hem in » oo <i condition for
the last thirty years."
'2 Major Fontaine ■is a man of distin
guished appearance and wears a com
plete uniform ■ which was . made espe
cially for him to.be worn at the re
union erf .; veterans. He 'is a dvil en
gineer by. profession and is engaged in
business with , his : two r eons at Lyon
Miss.— New Haven Register. .
Waks as a Horse Trader.
.The Prince of Wales is in the horse
trade and he is in. it .to make money
It ,is doubtful whether : there is a more
successful horse dealer in England than
Royal Highness. The other day
the Prince had a sale of fifty-four Shire
horses at Sandringham, his country
place in : Norfolk. A These are an :• En* *
Ush. breed of horses fitted. for the heavl
est kind of work. They may be' fine
animals, but they do not as a rule bring
fancy, prices. "> The Prince got $60,000 or
his - fifty-four draught horses. One of
them;- a filly, brought $6000 from Sir
Bllmdell \ Maple, . a ';: furniture ; maker
who is v bravely.; fighting his way into
society. . : Mr. ; - Hadley, \ another ? strug
gling millionaire, '-•aid : $2000 • for I a dray
horse. Lord Rothschild secured 'a horse
for;3ooQ,:--^j ::";.'.:.; •;■•"■:- ■:•■•:..■■;, ■ .. y.-yt,-^
PROTEST
FROM THE
FILIPINOS
Do Not Recognize the Paris
Treaty of Peace as Binding
Upon Them.
Representative Agoncillo Calls Upon President
McKinley to Fulfill Promises Made
Before the War.
Correspondence of the Associated Press.
PARIS, Dec. 24.— The text of the pro
test lodged with the American and
Spanish Peace Commissions by Agon
cillo, agent of Aguinaldo, the insurgent
leader in the Philippines, an outline of
which was cabled to the Associated
Press under this date, is as follows:
PARIS, Dec. 12.— Their Excellencies, the
President and Delegates of the Spanish-
American Peace Commission, Paris:
Your Excellencies: The very noble and
gallant General Aguinaldo, president
of the Philippine republic, and his
Government nave honored me with
the post of official representative
to the very honorable President
and Government of the United States of
America, devolving upon me at the same
time the duty of protesting against any
resolution contrary to the independence
of that country which might be passed
by the Peace Commission in Paris. This
has already terminated its sessions, and
the resolutions passed cannot be accepted
as obligatory by my Government, since
the commission has neither heard nor in
anywise admitted to its deliberations the
Philippine nation, who held an unques
tionable right to intervene in them in
relation to what might affect their fu
ture.
I fulfill, therefore, my duty when I pro
test, as I do in the most solemn manner,
in the name of the President and the Na
tional Government of the Philippines,
against any resolution agreed upon at the
peace conference in Paris as long as the
judicial and political independence and
personality of the Philippine peoplo are
entirely unrecognized and attempts are
made in any form to impose on these in
habitants resolutions which have not been
sanctioned by their public powers, the
only ones who can legally decide as to
their future in history.
Spain is absolutely devoid of a status
and power to decide in any, shape or form
the aforementioned matter. The union of
Bpaln and the Philippines was founded
solely on two historical facts, in which
the exclusive right of the Filipinos to
decide their own destiny was implicitly
recognized:
First, the "blood treaty" (pacto de
sangre) of the 12th of March, 1565, entered
Into between General Don Miguel Lopez
de Le Gazpi and the Filipino sovereign,
Sikatuma, a compact which was confirmed
on the one side by the King of Spain, Philip
11, and on the other side by the monarchs
of Mindanao, Visayas and Luzon and by
the supreme chief of that confederation,
the Sultan La Candola, proclaiming as a
consequence, the autonomous nationality
of the kindom of "New Castllle," formed
by the Philippine Islands under the scep
ter of the King of Spain.
Second, the so-called constitution of
Cadiz, in the discussion, vote, promulga
tion and legislation of which the deputies
and Filipinos people, took no active part,
and by which constitution the national
ity of "the Spams" was made effective.
But from the very first moment in
which the peninsular public powers at
tempted to impose their absolute sover
eignty on the islands the Filipinos pro
tested energetically by force of arms, and
from the nrst attempt in ISI4 the strug
gle in defense of their political personal
ity was implanted.
When, in 1597, the deprivation of their
rights was consummated, the Filipinos
again protested. Spain sustaining against
them a fratricidal and inhuman struggle
which has lasted from that time onward
up to the present day. Falsehood, which
always characterized the actions of the
peninsular authorities, constantly hid
from the world the fact of the real situa
PEOTECT THE ELEPHANT.
A Frenchman's Appeal for the Agri
cultural Interests of Central ■
Africa.
A learned Frenchman, M. Bourdarle,
has made the discovery that if matters
keep on in Central Africa as they have
been going of late, there will soon be
no more elephants left for circuses or
anything else. This gentleman has
been appealing to the French Govern
ment and the King of the Belgians for
assistance. Every year, he says, 40,000
elephants are killed in Africa for the
sake of their ivory, and he fears that,
like the buffalo in America, these ani
mals will become exterminated if
something is not done to limit tha
number killed. He considers that the
elephant instead of being destroyed,
should be protected to serve the future
agriculturists of the newly developing
Centra* Africa, as the elephant is the i
only animal that can work in these re
gions.
In the meantime ivory Is still an im
portant article of commerce in Central
Africa, and the problem of how to get
the ivory without killing the elephant
continues to be unsolved. The quan
tity of ivory used in a year for com
mercial purposes is about 100,000
pounds, of which three-quarters is used
in Europe and less than 10 per cent in
the United States. The largest con
suming market for ivory Is the city of
Sheffield, in England, and the ivory
used there Is part of the enormous ma
terial needed in the manufacture of
cutlery. It is needed for the handles
of knives and forks, and some ivory is
worked into decorative ornaments, too,
though the quantity in Sheffield is not
very large. The problem of how to
keep up the supply of ivory without j
exterminating the elephants whose
tusks supply It has been under consid
eration for a number of years. The ele
phant is a long-lived animal, one of the
longest lived of animals, in fact, and
a baby elephant remains a baby ele
phant until the age of thirty. The av
erage age attained by an elephant is
150 years, and an elephant 200 years old,
dating back to the seventeenth cen
tury, perhaps, Is not unusual. As a
consequence of these conditions the
killing of an elephant to secure ivory—
the ivory found on an ordinary ele- ,
phant weighs about 100 pounds and is
worth $300 — is a much more serious
matter than would be the killing of any
cither beast of burden, an ox, horse or
?amel, for instance, the respective ave
rage ages of which are 25:30 and 40
years. .
As the central part of Africa is being
opened to material development, as a
railroad, even, is seriously proposed to
connect Egypt with the Cape of Good
Hope, and European armies are over
running and establishing permanent j
settlements in regions which a few j
pears ago were called the unknown ter
ritory of Africa, the loss of the ele
phants is a serious one, and, as much j
if the Congo territory Is under the pro
tection of the King of the Belgians, an ,
ippeal has naturally been made to the
Brussels Government for action to pre
vent the killing of so many elephants
for their ivory.
tlon of force, which lasted almost a cen
tury.
At length, at the end of the present j
century, the Spanish forces have been '
completely routed by those of the natives, i
and Spain cannot now even allege the
possession by her of >n<. islands because j
the permanency of a handful of penin- i
eular soldiers (approximately 600) who are '
existing, besieged, in one or two fortresses i
in the south of the archipelago, cannot |
constitute such a right.
The Spanish Government has ceased to
hold any dominion by deed and by right,
and the only authority which exists there j
and preserves order is that constituted by i
the Filipinos with the solemn sanction
of their votes, the only legal font of posi- '
tlve modern power.
Under such conditions the Spanish com
missioners in Paris have not been able,
within the principles of the law of na
tions, to give up or to transfer what, if
they ever had, they have totally lost be
fore the signing of the protocol of Wash
ington, and arranging of the terms of the I
peace treaty of Paris.
Agoncillo then goes on to argue that -
in accepting the aid of the Filipinos in I
the war with Spain the United States !
acknowledged them as an independent |
nation. He says that without that aid |
the speedy subjugation of the islands
would be Impossible.
In closing his letter he says:
Now, if the Spaniards have been able
whi nS£ nS l er 1 * Ame «-icans the rights
which they did not possess, the former'
have not militarily conquered possession i
1^ ph »iPPlneß; if the international I
officials and representatives of the re- I
public of the tnited States of America!
offered to recognize the independence and !
sovereignty of the Philippines, solicited !
and accepted their alliance, how can they l
now constitute themselves the sole dis- !
posers of the control, administration and j
future government of the Philippine Is- i
lands?
If, in the treaty of Paris, there had I
simply been declared the withdrawal and i
abandonment by the Spaniards of their i
dominion— if they ever had one— over the i
Pilipino territory; if America, on accept
ing peace, had signed the treaty without
prejudice to the right's of the Filipinos
and with the view of coming to a subse- i
quertt settlement with the existing Fili
pino government, thus recognizing the I
sovereignty of the latter, their alliance
ana the carrying out of their promises |
of honor to the said Filipinos, it is very \
evident that no protest against their ac- I
tion would have been made; but in view I
of the terms of the third article of the I
protocol, the proceedings of the Ameri
can Commissioners and the imperative j
necessity of safeguarding, the national
rights of my country, I make this pro
teat, which 1 have made an extensive one '•
for the beforesaid reasons, and with the I
corresponding legal restrictions against :
the actions taken and the resolutions j
passed by the Peace Commissioners at !
Paris and in the treaty signed by them.
And on making this protest I claim in
the name of the Filipino nation. In that
of their President and Government, the
fulfillment of the solemn declaration
made by the illustrious William McKin- !
ley. President of the Republic of the !
T'nited States of America, that on going .
to war he was not guided by any inten- i
tion of aggrandizement and extension of
national territory, but only in respect to '■,
the principles of humanity, the duty of ,
liberating tyrannized peoples and the de- '
sire to proclaim the unalienable rights
with their sovereignty of the countries !
released from the yoke of Spain.
God keep your Excellencies many years, i
FELIPE AGONCILLO.
A DEGENERATE WALTON.
Bought a Line and Pole for Cat Fish
ing on the Back Fence.
"I want a good, stout fishing pole, a
reel and some fishing line," said a
youngr man with a weary look around
the eyes.
"Going fishing?" inquired his old
friend, the dealer.
"Yes."
"Any particular style of fishing?"
"Yes; cat fishing."
"I shouldn't think there was excite
ment enough for you in merely catch-
Ing catfish."
"I didn't say I was going to catch cat
fish. I said I was going cat fishing. My
room is right over a row of back fences.
It is the old, sad story. The noise out
side is like the choir at a Chinese
funeral from 11 p. m. till 5 in the morn
ing. I am not cruel by instinct, but
self-preservation is the first law of na
ture. Last night I begged a little
canned lobster from the kitchen and
tied it to a piece of twine. When the
noise began I lowered the twine out of
the window and waited for a bite. I
didn't use a hook. It isn't necessary if
you give plenty of twine to swallow It
wasn't long before there was a tug I
began to haul in. but the animal was
so game that I thought I'd better play
it awhile, so as to tire it, and I paid
out all the line I had. It was the most
desperate fighting I have seen since I
was bass fishing in the mountains. I
started In earnest to land it and had
dragged it half way up the brick wall
when It wriggled off and got away it's
f£ in ? . t0 , Uke a lot of Practice to land
this kind of game and I want as good
a rod and as fine a reel as the factories
turn out. I expect to put in a great
deal of time at this sport, and if you
hear of anybody who is troubled with
mice and wants a cat let me know."-
Washington Star.
MASTER OF DEPORTMENT.
A Modem Turveydrop Discourses on
the Art at Annapolis.
Signor Hazazer, a dancing master of
Baltimore, has been appointed profes
sor of deportment at the N -al Acad- i
emy, Annapolis. The following ex
tract from a professional talk by him
•will show that he is a philosopher and
fit for the place:
" 'How often do you see a man enter
a room like this'— the signor retired to
the hall for a moment, then entered it '
quickly, advanced several steps and :
bowed in the quick, jerky manner seen
every day.
" 'See,' he said, 'how stiff and un
graceful it is. This Is the way— and he ''
again entered the room, removing his
hat and bowing gracefully at the thres
hold, then advancing.
" 'Here again is the ballroom bow
that is given so often'— he brought both
his feet together and bowed from the
neck.
" 'You see," he said, 'how ugly it is,
when Just as simply he could do this':
"The signor s id along the carpet, plac
ing the heel of his left foot at the hol
low of his right, then bowing, the |
movement of his head, shoulders, hand
and even eyes harmonizing.
" 'Harmony is the great thing,' said
the signor."
Under the guidance of this reviver of
the graces of the last century tha
cadets ought to become perfectly irre
sistible.—New York Evening Sun.
UNMASKED BY SCIENCE.
The lady professor suddenly reached
forward and deftly picked a long light
hair from her husband's coat.
"Wretch," she cried/ "whose is this?"
"One of your own," he answered
stoutly.
"We will see," she haughtily ob
served, and speedily vanished through
a door labeled "laboratory." For an
hour or more the sound of clinking
tubes and glasses was faintly heard
through the heavy partition.
Then the door suddenly opened and
the lady professor stood on the thresh
old.
Her face was blazing.
"Villain!" she cried, "it was
bleached!"
But he had gone.— Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
Proving His Past Wickedness.
Badger — So you think Simbal is a
very religious man. What makes you
think so?
Cadger— Why. he talks at the prayer
meeting every night, and the way he
brags about his past wickedness is
enough to make your hair stand on
end. Oh, no, there's no doubt about his
being a very religious man. — Boston
Transcript.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pleasant Dreams
It does not lie in the painter's fancy to
imagine a prettiei picture than that of a
young girl, with lips luscious with the
promise of love, half parted in the smiles
of happy dreamland. The mind of happy
maidenhood is a clear and polished mirror,
which, when the wits go wandering into the
ghostland of dreams, reflects the impres-
sions of waking hours. If those impres-
sions are pleasant and painless and happy,
she will smile in her si ep. If the impres-
sions are those of a s"ffering woman, tor-
tured with the special ailments to which
the feminine organism is liable, the picture
is spoiled by the lines of suffering and de-
spondency. Maladies of this nature unfit a
woman for joyous maidenhood and for ca-
pable motherhood. They incapacitate her
to bear the burdens of life in any sphere
of action. Household, marital and social
duties alike are a burden to the woman who
is constantly suffering from headaches,
backaches, dragging sensations and weak-
ening drains. Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre-
scription positively, completely, unfail-
ingly cures troubles of this nature. It
imparts health, strength, vigor to the dis-
tinctly womanly organs. It fits for care-
free, healthy maidenhood, happy wifehood
and capable motherhood.
' ' I have a little step-daughter who had St.
Vitus's Dance, which your medicine cured,"
writes Mrs. T. F. Boie, of Ford. Dinwiddie Co.,
Va. *' I spent about twenty dollars for doctor's
bills and medicine, and it did not do the child
one cent's worth of good. We commenced giving
Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription and ' Golden
Medical Discovr-ry ' and used three bottles of
each, which cost only six dollars. Now the child
is running around every where and is just a*
healthy as ever. '
£■ ""-|^gj To Sensitive, Dead
ml 'l «9 and AchLin £ Teeth
Ja /ia H We Give a Special
JJJjfc/ja Treatment, Which
g«S»»W Prevents Pain : in ;
Filling.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION A SPECIALTY. '
Plates from $4 50; crowns from $3 00.
. , Fillings from sOc. Teeth without plates.
I; Best of materials used only. •
ALL. WORK WARRANTED.
Dr. T. S. HiilsNDental Parlors,
927 Market Street.
Over Cafe Zinkind. -ELEVATOR.'
/gnvsS. CHRONIC
/fega Nasai Catarrh
Jv^'ZzA »ti'nl P° laons eve ry breath drawn
f»V*nVE» \h&irJ into the lvn * 3 - "■• Don't neg-
f lect It. There remedy
Nasal Catarrh
poisons every breath drawn
Into the lungs. Don't neg-
lect it. There Is a remedy
■y* '•■■': Hs^^T : for this trouble. It is
W£e<*£( Ely's Cream Balm.
iL^^^V It relieves Immediately
the painful inflammation,
. Mammatmi irwifl : cleanses, ' heals and cures. .
■ Cream Halm is placed into the nostrils, spread
iver. the membrane and la absorbed. Relief Is
immediate and a cure follows. It Is not drying
—does not produce sneezing." Large. 50c ; Trial
Size. 10c; at Druggists or, by mall.
ELY -BROTHERS, 56 Warren St.. New York.
Jofemnia.
A Table Water of exceptional purity
and excellence.— London Lancet.
I E ' RRII&I'C FOU EITHER SEX.
LC PnUri OThls remedy being in-
jected directly to the
jjWfc""^T"-~#% eat of thoMe disennes
I '0 ■■ ? of the- Cienito-lJrlnary
i ifei ¥& lira Organs, requires no
\\M V& lO change of diet. Cure
—^63^1 jrnaran teed .in>' 1 .to 8
===== days. Small plain pack -
C^TTTTf?! V'" I"'*1 "'*- by mall, •LOO.
*- " « -^?* • '-by
OEO. ■ DAHLBENDER • A CO.. Sol*- Amenta.
tit Kearny st.'. San i>ancl»co. Cal. •-■ ;.f •
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
la a powerful aphrodisine and specific tonio
. or ' the •■ sexual < and '- urinary organs : of both
•exes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and ; bladder.' - A great Restorative
Invigorator s and ' Nervine. Sells on it» - own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials . necessary
-\- NABER. . ALFS & BRUNE. 1 Agent*. •'■
MI ' Market street.' 3. , (Send for Circular.) ',
■^^Ss^^ .WHEN YOU
/jj^P^pS^K Require an ELEC-
m^_*jirti8 Tmc BELT get "Dr.
l^PfsfsSSar Pierces" and you will
. 11 not be disappointed.
;-•■ ;-.■ "TfGT C*" or. address PIERCI
... : ■ ELECTRIC CO.. 62C
■ark** si. (opp. Ptlict hW), S. F. V "
34
GERMANY SEEKS
THE FRIENDSHIP
OF UNCLE SAM
Berlin Would Avert
Tariff War.
EFFORTS AT CONCILIATION
LOCAL INSPECTIONS OF MEATS
TO BE ABOLISHED.
Belief That the Emperor Caused the
Acquittal of the American
Who Called Him a
"Blockhead."
Copyrighted, 18j», by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, Dec. 24.— One of the leading
subjects discussed throughout the week
by the newspapers was the present and
future relations between Germany and
the United States, more particularly to
the commercial side of the question.
The correspondent of the Associated
Press here has interviewed a high Ger
man official who has exceptional
sources of information. He said:
"The reports current in the press of
both countries, on this subject are la
mentably inexact. In Washington they
eeem to have jumped at the conclusion
that Germany is on the point of legis
lating specifically against American ag
ricultural products, and they are "tak
ing the bull by the horns' in order to
forestall us. The fact is there is no
such intention here, at least not in Gov
ernment circles. The meat inspection
bill Is only on the point of reaching
the Bundesrath, which is the first legis
lative stage. Then it goes to the Reich
stag. So it probably will not pass, if
at all, until the end of the session next
spring. .Even then the bill may nut be
framed to hit the Americans particu
larly. On the contrary, Mr. White, the
United States Ambassador at Berlin,
has received conditional assurances
that the integral feature of the bill will
be the abulition of the repeated local
inspections of American meats, of
■which the Americans have complained.
The bill provides for a strict inspection,
but it will be perfectly fair and will
be applied as equally to the domestic
trade as to imported meats."
The officials of the United States
Embassy generally express the opinion
that the German Government sincerely
desires to improve its relations with
the United States and sees indications
pointing to a successful issue of these
efforts, though the bills simultaneously
introduced in the House of Representa
tives and in the Senate at Washington
foreshadowing retaliation have been re
ceived with a great show of indignation
by the Government and Government
press, while the Liberal, and especially
the commercial papers, have unani
mously expressed fears that the legis
lative action on both sides will culmi
nate in a regular tariff war.
The Vorwaerts says: "The greed of
the agrarians has disturbed our rela
tions with America for years past. Un
der pretext of protecting the health of
the German people, the importation of I
American products has been prevented i
in spite of the treaties."
Continuing, the Vorwaerts demon
strates that German exports of sugar, ;
textiles antf wines to the United States
are worth 18,000,000 marks, and says:
"As the financially weaker of the two,
Germany will undoubtedly be the loser.
But the agrarians ignore this. Pro
vided the enhanced food prices How into
their pockets they snap their fingers at
the hungry masses."
The Boersen Courier, a leading com
mercial organ, says: "It is evident
that the United States is preparing for I
a commercial war with Germany, which
the German agrarians seem to regard
as a trifling matter. We hope the Ber
lin and Washington governments are
more conscious of their responsibility.
We fear the German export trade will j
have to pay the score the Federation of
Husbandry has run up."
The agrarians are jubilant at the
prospect of a tariff war. which has been
their dearest aim for years. A num
ber of insulting articles have been pub
lished in their newspapers deriding the
United States in every possible way.
The Kreuz-Zeltung even throws mud at
the American people on account of the
recent war and its results, calling the
American troops utterly inefficient and
Baying the Government is corrupt to the
core. These utterances, however, are
exceptions. The majority of the press
is discussing the question calmly and
fairly.
The emigration bill introduced in the
Reichstag by Professor Hause and
fount yon Arnim affects the interests
of the United States. It advances the
policy of "once German, always Ger
man," and refuses to any German the
right to become a naturalized citizen
of any other country. The United
States Embassy officials, however, say
that if the bill is adopted it cannot
override the German-American treaty
of 186S, exempting German-Americans
from such legislation.
The German Cabinet at recent meet
ings has discussed the question of
facilitating imports of Russian petro
leum, and it 1p said from a reliable
source that It has been decided to in
crease the test .points and thus exclude
inferior grades k>f American petroleum,
provided the Russian Government
grants an equivalent.
The result of the trial of Frank
Knaak of New York, who was ac
quitted of the charge of referring to
Emperor William as a "blockhead" on
the ground that he was in no position
to realize his offense, came as a great
surprise, even to counsel for the de
fense, as the testimony was precisely
similar to that of the majority of such
cases, which have ended in convictions.
The presiding Judge. Herr Denso, con
victed R. E. Kneebs. the American
horseman charged with "ringing" the
mare Bethel on the Gorman turf, and
sentenced him to nine months' Impris
onment and to pay a fine of 1000 marks.
Judge Denso is considered to be very
severe and learned, and there is the
best authority for .saying that the ac
quittal and unusual leniency shown Mr.
Knaak were due to a hint from Em
peror William that his acquittal, if
legally possible, would be appreciated
by both his Majesty and the German
Government, in view of the present del
icate relations between the United
States and Germany.
The Emperor and his family will
spend the holidays at the Stadtschloss
at. Potsdam. The elder Princes have
arrived there from the military acad
emy at Ploen. His Majesty, in order
to celebrate his formal occupation of
the estate at Codinen, recently be
queathed to him. has ordered a liberal
spread to be given to the poor and to
the children on the estate on Christ
mas.
The Minister of Education. Dr. Bosse,
has evoked a - chorus of condemnation
from all sides by ordering disciplinary
proceedings to be taken; at the Berlin
University against the well-known j Dr.
Delbryck, for the latter's ncathlng crltl
clßmg'of the expulsion of Danes -from
North Schle3\vig in public writing. Dr.
Delbruck has since received uproarious
ovations from the students and from
the Legislature halls. The Munich Al
legemeine Zeitunpr, which otherwise is
in complete harmony with the Govern,
ment, expresses the general feeling of
detestation of the Government interfer
ence, saying:
"We are indignant, not "because we
agree with the professor's views of the
evictions, but because the German uni
versities must remain the guardians of
free speech. Even in times of the wild
est reaction, truth and love of truth
have found in the German universities
their city of refuge, and whoever at
tempts to drive them forth with a po
lice bludgeon desecrates consecrated
ground."
The Conservative Post described Dr.
Bosses action as "retrograde and
senseless." Professors of the univer
sity intend to issue a vehement and
unanimous protest.
Dr. Delbruck belongs to the Conserv
ative party. Crown Prince Frederick
intrusted him with the instruction of
Prince Waldemar, and the doctor re
ceived the unprecedented honor, after
the battle of Gravelottc, of being called
out of the ranks and created an officer
on the field of battle.
The latest measure against th«.
Schleswigers is the Governor's decree
commanding parents to recall children
who have been sent to schools in Den
mark. It is expected that the parents
will defy the Governor and thus cause
a crisis. ___________
ENGLAND'S GREATEST MEN.
They Spring From the Middle Classes
Rather Than the Nobility.
On logins into the antecedents of
our eminent men many interesting dis
coveries come to light, and of these the
clearest conclusions are that the intel
lectual giants, of our day at any rate,
come from the middle classes, and that
a son rarely distinguishes himself in
the same direction as his father.
These rules have exceptions, of
course. Three of our English Judges —
Lord Justice Vaughan- Williams, Sir
Walter Phillimore and Mr. Justice
Channell — have all followed their
fatfhers" footsteps to the bench.
Two of our bishops, Salisbury and
Chichester, are sons of bishops, and
Lord Koberts has only gone a step
higher than his father, who was a dis
tinguished general and a G. C. B.
The aristocracy, too, has made some
useful contributions to- our roll of great
men. Our bench of bishops includes a
baron's son in the Bishop of Peter
borough, the son of an earl in his Lord
ship of Lichneld and the son of a mar
quis in Lord Alwyne Compton, Bishop
of Ely.
The navy has its distinguished sons
of noble families in Earl Clanwilliam,
the Hon. Sir Henry Keppel, Lord John
Hay and Admiral Fremantle.
The army and the law, in their top
most strata, owe little to the aristoc
racy, while it has no part at all in our
leading men of letters.
The bar has a fair percentage of
titled members, but the bench is chiefly
recruited fro-m the middle classes, and
from nearly every representative grade
of them.
• Of the two living men who have sat
on the woolsack Lord Halsbury is the
son of a doctor of laws and Lord Her
schell of a dissenting minister.
Sir Francis Jeune is a bishop's son,
and Sir Walter Phillimore's father was
a baronet. Our remaining Judges come
without exception from the professional
and business classes or are sons of
country gentlemen or courtesy es
quires.
Sir Joseph Chltty is the son of a bar
rister, Lord Russell of an Irish gentle
man, the Master of the Rolls of a pro
fessor of botany, Mr. Justice Bigham
of a Liverpool merchant. Sir Gainsford
Bruce of a schoolmaster, Mr. Justice
Kennedy of an inspector of schools
and Mr. Justice Wright of a Somerset
rector.
In the army the story is the same.
Lord Wolseley's father was a major,
Sir Evelyn Wood's a clergyman (and
bare-net), General Harrison's also a
parson, Sir John Lintorn Simmons' a
captain of artillery, while Generals Sir
George White Markham, Sir Charles
Wilson, Sir Redvers Buller and many
others of our best-known soldiers are
the sons of country gentlemen.
Of our archbishops Dr. Temple of
Canterbury is the son of a major and
Dr. Maclagan of York of an army doc
tor, both of our archbishops, strangely
enough, having a military origin.
Dr. Kennion c-f Bath and Wells is the
son of a Harrogate physician, the
Bishop of Ripon of a Liverpool incum
bent, Dr. Stubbs of Oxford of a York
shire solicitor, the Bishop of Truro of
a Yorkshire manufacturer and the
Bishop of Carlisle is the son of a canon
of Manchester, all these five bishops
thus springing f rvm two northern coun
ties.
The father of Dr. Jayne of Chester
was a magistrate. Dr. Ryle's of Liver
pool a Macclesfield member of Parlia
ment, the fathers of the Bishops of
Worcester, Gloucester and Lincoln were
all clergymen and the Bishop of Man
chester, like the quintet above, comes
from the north and is the son of a
Sheffield gentleman.
Among our leading politicians we
naturally find many wearers of titles,
but many of our ablest statesmen
spring from the middle social stratum.
Mr. Chaplin is a parson's son, Sir H.
11. Fowler and Lord Herschell come
from the "manse," Mr. Chamberlain
from commerce, Mr. John Morley from
medicine and Mr. Arnold Morley from
a city warehouse.
Mr. Long and Mr. Balfour spring
from the squirearchy, Sir William Har
court from the church, Mr. Asquith
from business, Mr. Bryce from the law
and Mr. Sidney Buxton from the House
of Commons.
It is in the world of writers, however,
that we find the greatest diversity of
origin. Mr. Blackmore Is a clergyman's
son, as also are Mr. Anthony Hope and
Mr. Cutcllffe Hyne. while Mr. John
Davidson, the poet, is the son of a min
ister.
Mr. Marion Crawford is a sculptor's
son, Mr. Herbert Spencer the son of a
schoolmaster, Dr. Conan Doyle of an
artist, Mr, Rider Haggard of a barrister
and Norfolk squire. Sir Edwin Arnold
of a Sussex magistrate, Mr. "Lan Mao
laren" of a civil servant, Mr. Kipling of
a gentleman in the Indian educational
service, Mr. Clark Russell of a singer
and composer and Mr. William Wat
son, the poet, is a farmer's son. — Lon
don Mail.
Decorated Dogs.
To the casual and unsuspecting observer
of dogs the canines of Frankford present
a very fantastic and incongruous appear
ance. In this quiet suburban section there
are roaming at large dogs whose hairy
coats are tinted with the colors of the
rainbow and whose general effect puts
the most daring of poster creations to
shame. If the citizens of that locality
were to hold a dog show they could ex
hibit such a variety of parti-colored
canines as would eclipse entirely the
swell functions of Germantown and
Chestnut Hill. How the Frankford bow
wows came by their bizarre appearance
is a mystery which many Indignant own
ers of dogs would like to solve. Some un
known person, who apparently has access
to a dye factory, has taken upon himself
the task of relieving the awful monotony
of dog fleßh in the neighborhood, and
playfully dips a poor little cur into a vat
of dye so that one-half of the body is
colored a bright and unmistakable pink
or green, as the case may be. This un
known artist takes the greatest pains ir.
his color combinations, and if pink and
black are not exactly harmonious the
effect is at least startling. As there are
many dye works in Frankford, the dog
owners are at a loss as to whom to
suspect; but woe betide this canine dec
orator when he is captured.— Philadelphia
Inquirer.
Stratekut— Doctor, do you believe that
smoking cigarettes ever made any one
crazy?"
Doctor— l'm not so pure about that, but
I suspect that crazlness has caused a
ffootf many people to take to cigarettes —
Boston Transcript.
A<^ance» made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1898.
GREED FOR MONEY
CAUSED A YOUTH TO
MURDER HIS FATHER
Young John Henry Collins Con=
victed for Committing a Most
Appalling Crime at Topeka.
TOPEKA, Kans., Dec 24.— "Guilty of murder in the first degree,"
was the verdict returned at 9 o'clock to-night in the case of young
John Henry Collins, charged with the murder of his father, James
S. Collins, a prominent real estate and insurance agent of Topeka,
who was shot as he lay asleep in bed early one morning in May
last.
John Henry Collins, the convicted man, was a student in the
Kansas State University and a licensed lay reader of the leading
Protestant Episcopal church of Topeka. The motive of the crime was
found in the youth's greed for money which would come to him upon
the death of his father. The elder Collins carried $26,000 life insur
ance, and it was provided that of this amount $6500 should go to the
son.
The young student was enamored of Miss Frances Babcock of
Lawrence, whose family is considered wealthy, and the trial devel
oped the fact that Collins had lived beyond his allowance at Law
rence; that he had contracted numerous bills at the university town
which he could not pay, and that he had planned to join the Bab
cocks when they went to spend the summer at an Atlantic Coast
resort.
Jess Harper of Lawrence and Johnson Jordbn of Topeka, two of
the most notorious negroes in Kansas, were important witnesses
against the youth. They swore that, working through Jess Harper,
Collins had hired Johnson Jordon to assassinate his father. The ne
groes, after securing money and valuables from the youth, refused to
carry out their contract, and then, according*to their testimony, Col
lins boasted that he would "do the job" himself.
He came to Topeka from Lawrence, pleading sickness, retired
at the usual hour and according to the theory of the State, arose
before daylight and shot his father as the latter lay asleep in bed.
One of the youth's first acts after the murder was to run to a
telegraph office and dispatch a message to Miss Babcock, in which he
said: "Father is dead; tell nothing."
The investigations of the detectives developed the information
that Collins had told Miss Babcock wild stories about his father's
life being threatened by negroes. They also produced numerous let
ters which Collins had written to the negro Avhom he had hired
to kill his father; in fact, the story of the negroes was corroborated
in every detail and they even produced the watch and diamonds which
Collins had given them as a pledge for the money which he promised
to pay when he should realize upon his father's life insurance.
Miss Babcock was among the witnesses for the State, and told
of the wild stories which Collins had related to her about the
threatened assassination of his father.
Mrs. Collins, the youth's stepmother, who lay beside her husband
■when he was shot, has from first to last urged the innocence of her
stepson, and in all her testimony there was not one word which
would implicate the youth.
The jury which returned the verdict of gnilty deliberated about
five hours. But one ballot was taken, the verdict being unanimous
from the first.
A LOCAL SHERLOCK HuLMES.
How He Told Who Had Last Used
the Public Telephone.
"The last man who used this 'phone,"
said a New Orleans Sherlock Holmes,
preparing to wrestle with the instru
ment in an up-town public station,
"was a short, little fellow in a deuce of
a hurry, smoking a cigarette. He asked
for the I. C. freight office, was told they
were busy and repeated his request five
times, getting madder at each call.
Meanwhile his cigarette went out and
after vainly searching for a mateh — "
"Hold on there!" exclaimed a friend
who had accompanied him to the booth.
•What kind of a «~ry story are you
giving me, anyhow?"
"No fairy story at all, replied the
amateur sleuth blandly. "I was merely
stating a few facts."
•But how the dickens did you ascer
tain them?"
as A B, C, my boy. To begin
with, the adjustable mouthpiece of the
instrument is pulled down, as you see,
to its fullest extent, indicating clearly
that the last user was very much un
dersized. Isn't that evident? "
"Ye-e-e-es, I guess so; but how about
the rest?"
"Well, look at that ledge and you will
observe five charred spots and an equal
number of small piles of tobacco ash.
What do you infer? Why, obviously,
that the gentleman was smoking and
laid down his cigarette each time he
called. The piles of ash are still undis
turbed, showing they were recently de
posited, and they are very small, prov
ing plainly that the intervals of calling
were brief. My logical conclusion was
that the 'phone he wanted happened to
be busy, and I looked instinctively for
a memorandum of its number, which
most men make under such circum
stances. I found it, as I anticipated,
on top of the box, scrawled in pencil,
and recognized the number of the
freight office. Such memoranda are al
most always rubbed out by the sleeve
of the next customer, and as this one is
still fresh and bright, it is fair to pre
sume it was made by the last man in
the booth— otherwise the short chap
with the cigarette. Moreover, a freight
office 'phone is usually busy at this
hour, so the clews interlock and sus
tain one another. Not so, my dear
boy?"
"But the matches?"
"Oh! I deduce the match incident
from those fresTi toothpicks on the
floor. When a rftan in a hurry searches
for a match he invariably finds quanti
ties of toothpicks. I would — "
"Are you through with that 'phone?"
aekel a short, stout stranger appear
ing suddenly at the door and vigorously
puffing a cigarette, "because if you are
I—"
"Certainly, sir," said the analyst,
smiling. "I think you will find the
freight office disengaged at present."
"Well, I'll be hanged!" Bald the
friend. — New Orleans Times-Democrat.
 .— — . • ♦ ■
SWISS "TRADE IN FOREIGNERS."
■- ■. ■ ':'.■■ ■■-:— — ;.;..» . , '
One is irresistibly reminded of the
"chocolate soldier" in G. Bernard
Shaw's amusing play, "Arms and the
Man," when one reads a just issued re
turn of the annual "trade in foreiern
ers" in Switzerland. Tne return only
deals with the trade for 1897. and it
shows that in that year twenty new
hotels, with an aggregate of 750 bed=t.
were constructed, which, with addi
tions to hotels already existing, wont
to swell the number of avuilablo beds
in hotels from 80,000 to 90,000. It is
estimated that the visitors number
about 600,000, a very Considerable in
crement to a country numbering some
3,000,000. Eighteen per cent are Swiss—
oddly enough; 16 per cent English. 34
per cent German, 12 per cent French.
8 per cent United States of America,
and other countries 12 per cent. Their
total expenditure is estimated at £12.
000,000. — London Chronicle.
Showered the Wrong Couple.
A couple of Ann Arbor young ladies
played a joke on a strange couple on an
Ann Arbor passenger train the other
day which was not intended for them.
A young Scio couple were married and
it was desired to shower them with rice.
The two Ann Arbor girls were told that,
the Scio couple intended to fool them*
by not taking the train at this city,
but would probably drive to Hamburg
and take the train there. So when the
train arrived at this city the young
ladies, armed with big bags of rice,
boarded it and asked the conductor if
a young married couple had got on at
Hamburg and if so where they "were
sitting. The conductor had seen a
newly married couple who lived at
Hamburg get on the train and he gave
the desired information. The Ham
burg couple were looking unutterable
things at each other when the young
ladies stole up behind them, and, with
out looking at their faces broke the
bags of rice over them, literally show
ering them. Imagine the surprise, con
sternation and dismay of the Hamburg
couple and of the young ladies, who
fled as they saw the faces of the newly
married. The Scio couple escaped.—
Argus Democrat.
— — « » ■ _
SOME LADIES WILL SMOKE.
French Law for a Russian Countess
Who Despised Railway Rules.
"No smoking allowed" will now have
to be affixed on the carriage compart
ment of railway trains allotted to ladies
only. This, at least, must be done if
the companies mean to obviate the re
currence of such scenes as that wit
nessed yesterday at the station of the
Orleans Ceinture line. Mile. Viron. 42
years old, and a lady who turned out
to be an authentic Russian Countess
were -sitting together in a first-class
compartment marked "dames seules."
on their way to Vlncennes. They were
unknown to each other, and did not
talk for some time, but when they did
break the silence the language used on
both sides was deplorable. The Rus
sian Countess lit a thick cigarette and
soon filled the compartment with
smoke, which caused Mile. Viron to
cough, and then to exclaim, in a snap
pish manner, "I wish "you would leave
off smoking, please; you see that it in
conveniences me, and it is not allowed
in this carriage, which Is marked "La
dies only." The Muscovite Countess
smoked on with greater vigor, and re
marked that, as there was no notice in
or outside the carriage to prevent those
who liked tobacco from indulging in it.
she was determined to finish her cigar
ette.
Mile. Viron protested with all her
might against the action of the
Countess, and called her a drolesse. or
bad lot, whereupon the Muscovite lady,
utterly unmindful of the Franco-Rus
sian alliance and its exigencies, struck
her co-traveler twice in the face.
When the train stopped at the Orleans
Ceinture station Mile. Viron. consider
ably damaged about the features, and
wearing her hat in a manner which
seemed to denote that she had been in
a collision of some sort, emerged from
the train, sought out the station
master, and lodged a formal complaint
with that official against the Russian
Countess. The latter was instantly
called upon to throw away her cigar
ette, as smoking in a "ladies only"
compartment was contrary to all rail
way rules and regulations. The
Countess only puffed more vigorously,
sent spirals of smoke into the faces of
the stationmaster and the guard, and
told them that they had no case
against her, as they had not put a no
tice forbidding indulgence in pipes,
cigars or cigarettes on the compart
ment reserved for her sex. The refrac
tory fumeuse, as the station officials
called her. is to be proceeded against
by Mile. Viron and the Orleans com
pany. — London Telegraph.
Wages in a Silver Country.
The scarcity of labor all over the re
public is becoming a serious question to
the railroad companies that are building
new lines and extending old ones, and the
contractors are getting very anxious, as
there is no relief In Bight. All the roads
in the republic are complaining of the
scarcity of labor and one or two have
been compelled to stop work completely,
as they^had no men to go on with con
struction. The International Is fueling
the scarcity in a marked degree and work
on their branch to Monterey Is being
greatly delayed* The National Is also ex
periencing difficulty In securing men on
its Uruaßan extension, and the Central
cannot get enough men for Its Tamplco
division, which Is undergoing extensive
repairs and betterments.
The average amount paid per day for
men is 75 cents, though in a number of
places $1 per day is offered and paid when
ever men can he got to accept the price
The rate can be appreciated »vhen It Is
known that any number of men can be
pot to work on farms and haciendas at
25 cents per day. and the same men •will
not work on a railroad for less than $1
per day. The reason is that In the latter
position they are required to work hard
and steady.— Mexican Financier.
■ ♦ »
WHO i LOVED HIM.. ' • '■'
"Somebody loves me!" he softly cooed
"And can oo guess who somebody Is?"
She raised her great gray eyes until
their glance rested full upon his beaming
countenance.
"Oo!" she answered, with all the confi
dence of a. trusting heart. Intuitively
aware of th.? basic sentiment that actu
ates all mankind.— Detroit Journal.
MEDICINES THAT
ARE NOT TAXABLE
Includes All But ''Pa
tent" Concoctions.
COLLECTORS' INSTRUCTIONS
DESIGNATIONS BY THE INTERN
AL BEVENUE OFFICE.
Preparations Not Advertised as Cures
for Specific Diseases Are Exempt
Under the Terms of the
War-Tax Act.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24.— The Com
missioner of Internal Revenue to-day
promulgated for the guidance of col
lectors the opinion of Assistant Attor
ney General Boyd in regard to the tax
ability of medical preparations under
schedule B of the act of June 13, 1898.
Later on the following existing regula
tions will be amended to conform there
with. In the course of his opinion Mr.
Boyd says:
To draw the distinction more clearly be
tween medicinal articles or preparations
which 1 hold to be taxable under the. pro
visions of the law and those that are not,
1 will call attention to a class of prep
arations or medicines, samples of which
havo been filed with me for examination,
and which, in my opinion, are not tax
able. They are articles which are put up
in bottles., phials or other packages, more
particularly for the use of physicians
and pharmacists. They are such articles
as anti-stretoccic serum, anti-tetanic
Berum, anti-diphtheritic serum and many
others of like character.
The articles are not put up in the man
ner or style of patent, trademark or pro
prietary medicines in general, nor are
they advertised to the public upon pack
age or otherwise as specifics or remedies
for particular diseases, or claiming special
merit.
The names upon the bottles, phials, or
other packages containing uiese prepara
tions are simply medicinal or pharmaceu
tical designations used to indicate the
class of medicines to which they belong,
and are for the guiuance of physicians,
druggists and pharmacists, through whom
they are dealt out to consumers as pre
pared prescriptions.
These articles have the technical med
ical name upon the bottle or upon the
package and also the formula by which
they are prepared. There is no exclusive
proprietor or proprietary right claimed in
them, but any pharmacist or manufactur
ing druggist has the right to make them
after the formula given and there is no
retail price or value stated on the bottle
or on the package containing them.
It might make the distinction still more
plain to say that the class of medicines
which, in my opinion, are taxable under
the provisions of the law are such as I
have described above, which go to the
consumer in the unbroken package in
which they are put up by the proprietor,
manufacturer or compounder, with
name, disease and directions for use, with
out the intervention or a prescription of
a physician or pharmacist; while, on the
other hand, the provisions of the act do
not reach such medicinal articles or prep
arations as are put up under pharmaceu
tical or classifying names for the use of
physicians in their practice or of phar
macists or druggists in their trade.
Calomel is a medicine article already
compounded (I believe) from v. formula
from mercury, sulphuric acid, chloride of
sodium and distilled water. It is a well
known remedy for certain diseases and
special merit is claimed lor it in thi
treatment of diseases like bilious fevers,
hepatis, jaundice, bilious and painter's
colic and other affections attended by
congestion of the portal system or tor
pidity of the hepatic function.
The medicinal article is put up in quan
tities by the manufacturers after the pre
scribed formula and Is sold to physicians,
pharmacists and druggists, and the latter
In turn prescribe it for the afflicted and
deal it out in quantities to suit the emer-
gency.
Now, calomel is not taxable under the
provisions of the war revenue act, when
it does not come within tne description
of articles declared to be subject to tax
under the provisions of the act. In the
first place, it is not put up in the man
ner or style of patent trademark or pro
prietary medicines in general, and in tha
second place, it is not advertised on tha
package in which it is put up, as con
templated by the act, and even if the
manufacturer or compounder were to ba
put on the additional words "anti-bil
ious" or "anti-hepatitos," it would, in
my opinion, only have the effect to desig
nate more particularly the class of med
icines to which it belongs and not to ad
vertise it as a specific or remedy for par
ticular diseases.
I have given this illustration and used
the name of a well known medicinal arti
cle to make the distinction which I have
attempted to draw the more easily under
stood.
AN AUTOMATIC BACING JUDGE.
Machine for Marking Wheels in the
Order of Their Crossing a Line.
It is rarely that a cycle race meeting
is carried through without dissatisfac
tion arising in some heat or final with
the verdict of the Judge. Given a hard
fought finish, in which two or more
men cross the tape within inches of
each other, and it is difficult, indeed,
for the most skillful and reliable judge
to arrive at a decision which will not
be questioned by some one; not often,
however, by the riders, for in cycling
the judge's verdict is final, like the um
pire's in cricket. Still, the liability to
error is undoubted, and a promising
effort to put an end to It is worthy
of notice. A. Laidlaw Baird. an Aus
tralian wheelman, has devised a ma
chine which seems to solve the problem
effectually, in a manner which is both
simple and ingenious. His apparatus
was exhibited yesterday afternoon at
the Portman rooms. Baker street. The
place of the tape on the track is taken
by a slot about two inches wide. In
this slot five strips or leaves of metal—
aluminum is used in Australia— stand
on edge. They are graduated so that
the fifth, counting in the direction in
which the riders are moving, rises
slightly higher than the fourth, and
that than the third, and so on. When
in operation in the last lap they are
raised by simple mechanism so that
the fifth la about five-eighths of an
inch above the surface of the track,
and the rest in proportion. The five
leaves are fresh painted with enamel.
The first wheel that crosses receives
on the tire an impression of the five
strips, and its passage causes the fifth
strip to fall out of action. The sec
ond wheel is marked by the remaining
four strips, the third by the three, and
so on. When the riders pull up the
wheels are examined and the one hav
ing five bars on the tire is obviously
the winner, and the second man's tire
will bear four bars. But if the rear
wheel of the first man's machine has
crossed the "automatic judge" before
the front wheel of the second man, it
will have four bars ,ana the latter will
have three. Only in the rare case of
five front wheels crossing the "judge"
before one rear wheel does so would
a "place" be marked at the droDDing
of each leaf. It will be scon, there
fore, that It is the relation of the num
ber of bars on the front tires to each
other that decides the position. Thus
the winner might have five bars, the
second man three and the third one.
The enamel marks do not become ob
literated for a considerable time, even
in wet weather. This machine would
seem to afford a highly efficient settle
ment of a troublesome question. It
has been tried on cycle tracks in Syd
ney, and a large number of prominent
Australian racing men have given their
opinion in its favor. The mechanis/n
is very simple, and there seems no rea
son to believe that it will be liable to
get out of order. It may easily be fit
ted, and when It is not required may
readily be" covered over and removed,
so that it presents no obstruction to
the use of the track.— From the Lon
don Telegraph.
■ m »
PASSING PLEASANTRIES.
DANGERS OF SCIENCE.
The "Jady" professor suddenly reached
forward and deftly plucked a long, light
hair from her husband's coat.
"Wretch," she cried, "whose is this?"
"One of your own," he answered, stout
ly.
"We will see," she haughtily observed,
and speedily vanished through a door la
beled "laboratory." For an hour or more
the sound of clinking tubes and glasses
was fainuy heard through the heavy par
tition.
Then the door suddenly opened an'l the
"lady" professor stood on the threshold.
"Villain!" she cried. "It was bleached."
But he was gone.— Cleveland Piain
Dealer.
WHAT IT LACKED.
Sculptor— Why do you object to thla
bust of your husband, madam?
Widow— lt doesn't seem natural.
Sculptor— You have admitted that it
looks like * lip.
Widow— Yes, the features are all ri-^ht;
but there's no use talking, that statue will
never remind me of my dear, dead a!id
gone husband In the world. It's too quiet.
My husband had St. Vltus' dance.— New
York Weekly.
WHOM SHE KNEW.
"Do you know any one in these parts?"
queried a lawyer of one Mrs. Schultz, who
was a witness in a trial at Pratt. Mrs.
Schultz dropped her eyes, plncked nerv
ously at her shawl for a moment and then
blushingly responded:
"Sheriff Keyes over there used to be my
beau before either of us were married."
Whereupon the court hammered vlgor
orously to bring the audience to order.—
Kansas City Journal,
HE WAS RIGHT.
"It was a pitch battle," he said.
" 'Pitched,' you mean," she corrected.
"I don't mean anything of the kind," he
replied. "I mean 'pitch.' It was a fight
between tars."— Chicago xost.
HIGH OLD TIMES.
Tommy— Didn't the ancients have pretty
high times?
His Father— Why, my son?
Tommy— The book says mey set their
watches on the hilltops. — Jewelers'
Weekly.
NOT NECESSARY.
"If Wiggins called you a liar you ought
to make nim prove it."
"What good would that do?" — Chicago
Record.
Proper Price of Bicycles.
When Sir J. Wolfe Barry's paper on
London streets and traffic appears in the
Journal of the Society of Arts It will be
found to contain glad tidings for cyclists.
This is the passage: "The present price
of bicycles will not, I suppose, rule very
long, and we shall see these admirable
machines made at prices which now seem
unattainably cheap. The weight of a
bicycle is so small that the value of the
material, except the india-rubber tires,
cannot be serious. And if all the parts of
a good machine-made watch can be man
ufactured and put together and sold for
less than £1, the manufacture and put
ting together of a bicycle ought not to
cost more.. If we add the cost of the steel
and the india-rubber, it surely seems not
too sanguine to suppose that a few years
hence bicycles will be sold at about a
fourth of their present price."— London
News.
. ..■■ >■■■■.., ; .
Light and Profit From Garbage Cre
mation.
Accounts for the first twelve months'
working of the combined dust destructor
and electric light undertaking in Shore
ditch show, says this week's London, a
gross profit of nearly £6000. The Electric
Light Committee estimate that the saving
on the dust -destructor, as compared with
the old method of disposing of refuse, was
£1253, and they conclude that the net
profit :tnd saving- on the dust destructor
and lighting combined has been, for the
twelve months, £2679. It should be borne
in mind that during the first three
months, when the work done was small
there was a loss of £500, and that the
vestry has reduced the price of current by
33 per cent during the year.— London Tele
graph.
DINGING in the Ears, Noises in the Head, Premature-
** ness, Failing or Lost Manhood cured by the Cele-
brated Remedy Treatment, HUD AN- Write for
Circulars Free.
|g|| SoWETH— So SHALL '^E ALSO REAP
,nnnnnnnnrY-s^ ;.- Read these symptoms, and pnrTmnnfjnnn,
o o; if you have many of them £ Godson Z
jS Hndyan 3 'you need the certain cure, £ Remedy i
% ■ Remedy 3 the Great Hudyan Remedy E '■-Treatment"-"' \ ~
£ Treatment 2 Treatment. This remark- Els Certain t
fe Sometimes able discovery has made the £to Cure i
o ; Cures in 3 name 'and the fortunes of £ Varicocele. 1^
G 30 Days. «: the Hudsoniari doctors of E Write for' '"<■
Jo . . ,;.•;= a the Hudson Medical Insti- £ Circulars °
w : ; o< •'■/*. "'*. : " i - ■ * -d ■ 7". tu '*»is. ■"■ p/.v
To 000 0 0 D.4BILV tUtC ■ J°« « '-' l '; . «*.
vji.juuuuutxxjo'
Nervous Debility.
J tion, organic
strength, energy and hope. ,- Following are
some. of the symptoms :-■■:•■■ ■ , ■•
Do you feel weak? :
, Have you : cold: feet? 'lp : ..
Have you -backache? > ■-■:;'■* .-.
Do you shun society?- : V ,
■; Are you losing:: flesh? /. r
: Do you sleep poorly? :.^^t : 'i
Are you low-spirited? ■ w -
Are your eyes sunken? ".
. ■ Do you . have hot flashes? &;7
Is your memory impaired? ---
Have you no 1 manly vigor? '
Have you no vital energy?
; Do you have sick headache? :
. . Is there nausea' after, eating? <
Do your ha#ds or, feet sweat?
.; Is there a lack of sexual desire?
Has the brightness left your eyes?
V Do you feel that you are unfit to marry?
R«J!/ T 3r ! '" ♦ C ,° ndltlOn yy ° U Sh ° uld learn a " about the Great Hudyan
Remedy Treatment, ft ,s sure to cure. I, cures as certamly as you use it No
one else can g.ve you Hudyan but the doctors of Hudson Med.cal l Institute.
CIRCULARS AND~TESTJMONIALS FREE.
Hudson Medical Institute,
Corner Market and Stockton Sts., San Francisco, CaL
BARS RELIGIOUS
GARB IN SCHOOLS
Ruling Made by a State
Superintendent.
; POUGHKEEPSIE CASE DECIDED
CITY MUST PTJECHASE SCHOOL
PROPERTY.
i Cannot Rent Buildings of Various
Church Denominations as Has
Been Done Hereto
fore.
SDecial Dispatch to The CaK.
ALBANY, N. V., Dec. 24.— State Su
perintendent Skinner has decided the
appeal of Edward Weiser against the
Board of Education of the city of
Poughkeepsie in favor of the appellant.
The appeal is from the action of the
Board of Education in the rental of
school buildings for permanent use by
the Board of Education and the em
ployment as teachers of persons who
wear the distinctive dress or garb of a
religious order.
The Board of Education of the city
of Poughkeepsie since 1543 has been
renting of various church denomina
tions and individuals school buildings
in which they conduct public schools :>f
that city. It has neglected to equip
its school system with sufficient accom
modations owned by the city for the
children desiring to attend the school
thereof and the result has been that on
the first clay of September last upward
of 1000 of the school children in that
city were compelled to alternate in
their attendance and were able to re
ceive but twu and ane-fourth hours' in
struction each day. Superintendent
Skinner holds that union of interests ia
no longer desirable nor for the best in
terests of the schools of the city, and
is against the letter and spirit of the
constitution. The public school system
must be conducted in a democratic and
Catholic spirit that Jew and Catholic
and Protestant alike shall find therein
absolutely no cause for complaint as to
the exercise, directly or indirectly, of
any denominational indulgence.
The Superintendent also rules that it
is the duty of the Board of Education
to require teachers employed by them
to discontinue in the public school room
the use of distinguishing dress or garb
of any religious order.
The effect of the decision is that the
plan long in operation in that city
must be discontinued and all villages
and school districts must own the prop
erty in which their schools are con
ducted, except in cases of temporary
emergency, which are provided for by
this school law.
Adopting a Safe Plan.
A minister of Wir.field, Kan., think
ing he was as "active as he ever was,"
jumped from a moving train and came
pretty near killing himself. To a re
porter who interviewed him he said:
'"Now, when we try to convince one
that we are as active as we were we do
it wholly with our mouth, which seem 3
to have lost none of its natural flexi
bility."
■ ■„'■ ■:■.■■ ■■' "■'-■■':■.■. . -
Failing Manhood. yo^
r>mp?om 8 : Iollowln « are -some of th«
Do your, facial nerves twitch?
Are you all run down? " ■
Spots;before your eyes'
Do the muscles twitch?
Have you pains in small of back?
bone ? you . pains Oil : each side of back-
Have, you pains in head? :
g^^y 0 " shooting pains?
ua jou feel fatigued?- -
Are you weary?
Does, your head swim? ■
Do your knees knock? c , ."■
T^ fvU'° llr hand
Do vnu V? P^ s «fl«mont In the watert
Uo you 6u ffec from night losses?FRESNO'S GRAND
JURY DRAGNET
Third Big Bunch of Ac
cusations.
SUITS ORDERED INSTITUTED
NEARLY EVEHY COUNTY OFFI
CIAL INVOL\ED.
Jtoneys Paid for the Salaries of Dep
uties Alleged to Have Been
Expended Ille
gally.
Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Dec. 24.— The daily Grand
Jury sensation was Bprung :Ms after
: fter the I C accusa-
I
ar.«l • Trustees, the errand
Jurors are now after more county ofll
hut they ha\ c taken a new
This afternoon District Atl
filed in the County Clerk's office an In
struction from the Grand Jury to insti
tute suit in the name unty
against a nun:.
various larg which, it is allezed.
■were expended by them contrary
law, or a: I net ton of the
law, and ala I ing suit against the
Boa: . rs to recover the
aggregate amount embraced in other
t inasmuch as the Supervisors are
.. enditures from
the i ul lie treasury.
The officials against whom suit
ordered brought and the amount-
Llarrett and ex-Supervisor Ward.
|
irnum, $6515 64; Tax "Collector
93; Tax collector M
ey a: ■ Constable Shaw. I
■ ible Albin, 15936 50; County
Whitson, $375.
The amount? for which the suits were
red brought cover expenditure
: a — that is. from and includ
ing lSi*3 to and including this year, up
vember 1. They are, except in the
- of Tax i : Moodey and
-urer YVh - the salar
deputies, which the Grand Jury claims
mpioyed without authority of law.
In each case the bondsmen of the offi
cials are ordered made parties to the
The Grand Jury based its find
;pon the reports of Experts C. L.
■■vright of Selma and A. Ha
this city. The report \:>erts
■was filed in the County Clerk's office
lade part of the instruction of the
<;rand Jury to the District Attorney
t" institute the suits.
In the case of Sheriff Scott, the depu
• hose salaries the Grand Jury
have been illegal charges
unty. are jailer, park
overseer and overseer of the chaingang.
The Auditor is to be sued for the salary
paid t.i J. M. Bramlett as chief deputy.
and ais" the amounts paid to various
■ -xtra deputies allowed him from
to time by the Board of Super
■
The suit against the Tax Collector is
for the salaries of his assistant and
deputies and also for commissions on
the collection of taxes. These commis
sions are now the subject of litigation,
the county, in common ■with forty other
counties in the State, having entered
into contracts with lawyers to '--ing
suit ag-ainst the State for their recov
ery.
The suit authorized brought against
n is for $375. the
amount paid by the Supervisors to At
lam, for which the
1 Jury charged them with corrupt
nduct in • I
The actions to be brought against
ible.= Shaw and Albin are for sal
aries :' deputies under them during the
f.->ur years. Tax Collector Moodey is
which is a balance
claimed due on poolroom licenses.
INVESTIGATION OF THE
OPERA-HOUSE RIOT
Report of a Colorado Grand Jury on
the Fatal Affray Between Rival
Silver Factions.
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo.. Dec. 24.—
The Grand Jury summoned to investigate
the opera-house riot, which has b*»*n in j
cession for many weeks, made % final re
port to-day which was submitted to the
court. The report covers the work of the
Jury in the examination of buildings !
throughout the county, and some sweep-
Ing changes in the construction and con- I
duct of buildings are suggested. It is in
ferred that a number of Indictments have I
been returned, but the names of those
Jndicted cannot be determined until the
capiases have been served, which will
probably be on Monday or Tuesday. The i
report follows:
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo.. Dee. 14. IS3S
To Hon. H. G. Lunt, Judge of the District
Court: The. Gran.i Jury heretofore chosen, se
lected and sworn to Investigate the disturbance
at the opera-house in Colorado Springs upon
September 7, 1896, resulting in me death of one
man, and other matters properly brought before
cald jury, respectfully reports to the court
that it has diligently and as fully as was in Its
power discharged Its duty and herewith reports
to the court the completion of its duties.
A large number of witnesses have been ex
amined and all testimony throwing any light
upon, the affair at the opera-house and which
■was la our power to command has been re
ceived. As your Honor is already advl3ed. the
Jury encountered a difficulty In its investiga
tion by the refusal of a certain witness to tes
tify, claiming his constitutional rights, and I
like action taken by other witnesses summoned '
before us prevented the hearing or considera
tion of testimony which might have been valu
able. Our investigation has also been delayed
by our failure to obtain the presence of two
witnesses said to possess Information of value,
for whom a number of subpenas ':.- been is
sued, but service thereof could not be secured.
It has been largely owing to our desire to ob
tain th!« testimony that our report was so long
deferred. AH accessible testimony has b<»»n
received. We h,iv» concluded that a longer
eessicn of r.ur body will result In the pruduc
tion of no further material testimony. The re
eult of our deliberations will api*>ar In 'ho :
other ilo<:u!r.enti« filed with the court. Re- :
spectfully submitted. ROBERT FIXLEY.
Foreman of Grand Jury.
DECLARES THE BOOKS
WERE NOT DESTROYED
Attorney of the Standard Oil People
Says Only Worthless Records
Were Burned.
CLEVELAND, Dec. 24.— According to
Attorney Tolles, one of the Standard Oil
legal representatives, none of the books
of the company which are wanted for
examination under the Ohio Supreme
Court's recent order have been destroyed.
He says that only useless records or
books have been burned.
"So far -is I know," said Mr. Tolles to
day, "the books in question will be pro
duced when the proper time comes."
Owing to the non-appearance of high
Standard Oil officials whose testimony is
wanted, no depositions were taken before
Notary Mason to-day, and it is probable
the hearing will not be resumed before
the middle of next week.
._, • .
Noted Capitalist Dead.
;.T WATKE. ln<l.. Dec. J4.— R. T.
of the Fort Wayne
,rporatioii. one of the owners
rf the Hoffman House property in New
York ami a capitalist and promoter wide
ly known, i ■ at Dallas, Tex. His
home was in this city.
FRESNO'S MAYOR AND CITY TRUSTEES, ACCUSED OF MALFEASANCE BY A
GRAND JURY,
CONSTABLE CREED
MAY BE DEPOSED
Election Contest Filed at
San Rafael.
EUGENE CRAMER'S CHARGES
SAYS THE PEACE OFFICER IS
AN EX-CONVICT.
Charges That Election Officers in Sau
salito Violated the Law by
"Doing Politics" at
the Polls.
S-ocial Dispatch to The ' "all.
PAN RAFAEL, Dec. 24.— Ex- Marshal
John E. Creed of Sausaiito, who was
elected to serve as Constable of Sausa
lito Township at the late election, has
a fight on his hands to retain p -
sion of that office. A sensational suit
was n!ed to-day by Attorney O. S. Mel
don for Eugene Cramer to contest the
right of Creed to hold office, it being
alleged that Creed Is an ex-convict and
not legally entitled to hold office. Mal
conduct on the part of the board of
judges and the board of election is al
leged also.
There were three nominees for the of
fice of Constable. R. J. Garrity, Demo
cratic nomin- • rotes;
Creed, independent, 2?,2, and Cramer,
Republican. I.'l. In case Creed is de
clared disqualified to hold the office
Cramer will get the place.
In the statement filed with the Coun
ty Clerk it is alleged that Creed is in
eligible as an office holder because he
has "been convicted of an infamous
crime, namely, robbery.' This is said
to have occurred in Oakland several
years ago. Creed having served five
- in San Quentin prison for the of
fense.
The election proclamation called for
two nominees and the ballots were
marked for two. but Cramer alleges
that in Sausalito Precinct, No. 1: Sau-
N"i. 2, and Richardson Precinct
the election board and board of judges
were guilty of malconduct in persuad
ing the voters to vote for only one per
son.
Creed has held several offices in Sau
since hi? release from San Quen
tin and this ia the first time anybody
has contested his right to serve as a
public official.
COTTON MILLS HAVE
CLOSED INDEFINITELY
About Six Thousand People in the
Vicinity of Augusta Are Out
of Employment.
AUGUSTA, Ga., Dec. 24.— Augusta
and Enterprise cotton factories .of this
city closed down indefinitely this after
nOon, adding about 3000 more to the un
employed of the city. Five weeks ago the
Southern Manufacturers' Association re
duced the wages of the mill operatives,
those of the King and Slbley mills in this
city and the Langley and Bath in South
Carolina, refusing to accept the cut. The
employes of the Augusta and Enterprise
returned to work at the reduced scale.
Because of an agreement entered into by
the Southern .Manufacturers' Associa
tion, the first named mills were compelled
to close in order to force the striking
operatives in the other mills to return to
work. There are in the neighborhood of
COOtj people In and around this city out of
employment because of the shutting down
of the mills.
MERCURY CHANGES HANDS.
New Owners Take Charge of the iian
Jose Daily.
SAN JOSE, Dee 84.— T0-day the Baft*
of the Mercury was consummated and
the paper passed out of the hands of
Charl-.-s M. Sho-rtridge to become the
property of a stock company composed
of leading ' -itizens. The price paid was
$100,000. The nrst issu« undtr the new
management will appear to-morrow
morning. The directors are \V. H.
Wright, •". M. Wooster, G. If. Bowman,
J. E. Auz^rais and W. C. Andrews, with
W. H. Wright as president and C. M.
Wooster as editor and manager.
The paper's future policy, as editori
ally announced, will be to advance the
interests and promote the welfare of
th. people of the county. It will con
tinue Republican in principle, but will
not forego the right of criticism. It will
not be the organ of any league, clique
or faction, but will follow broad busi
rinciples^
With Repatriated Soldiers.
CADIZ. Dec. 24.— The Spanish Trans
atlantic line steamer Colon, from Ha
vana December 10. arrived here to-night.
She has on board 2606 repatriated Spanish
soldiers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1898.
DESPERATE ENCOUNTER
WITH A MASKED FOOTPAD
San Rafael Citizen's Hat Is Shot Away
in a Struggle for the Possession of
a Revolver.
SAX RAFAEL. Dec. 24.— Clyde N. Browne, foreman of the Marin
County Tocsin, had a thrUline encounter with a masked footpad to
night. The robber shot tht hat off his intended victim"s heai, but
failed to obtain possession of the pluky foreman's coin. The at
tempted robbery occurred in the most thickly settled part of the town.
while the moon was shinintr brisrhtly, and within fifty feet of the
residence of City Marshal John Healy. Its boldness is unparalleled
In the history of San Rafaei.
Browne was on his way home at S:3O o'clock when the footpad
stepped from behind some shrubbery on the corner of E and Third
streets, and, presenting a revolver, ordered him to throw up his
hands. Browne complied with the command. The robber placed the
revolver against his breast, and. saying he would kill him if a move
were made, placed his disensaeed hand in Browne's pocket. Quick
as a flash the muscular foreman grabbed the wrist of the hand that
held the revolver and threw !t upward. The robber was caught un
awares, but closed with Browne, and a fierce struggle ensued for the
possession of the revolver. During the struggle the weapon was dis
charged, the bullet tearing a large hole in the brim of Browne's
hat and powder-marking: his left ear.
At the report of the weapon 'he footpad, who was a powerful man
himself and evidently thought the noise would bring assistance,
with one supreme effort tore loose from Browne and ran neetly
down Third street.
The man must have been familiar with Browne's habits and
thought that he was coralne home with his week's salary. He is
described as being about five feet eight inches in height. He wore a
dark suit of clothes. His face was smooth-shaven and the eyes were
concealed with a black mask.
SUIT TO OUST
SUPERVISOR REA
Gross Frauds Alleged in
a Complaint.
COLONIZATION OF VOTERS
BROTHER OF THE SAN JOSE
EX-BOSS ACCUSED.
Good Government League Candidates
Will Be Elected by the Be
count Now Being
Made.
Saeolal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Doc. 24.— Suit was filed
j late to-night by C. Olson to annul the
election of George E. Rea as Super
visor in the First District. Rea. who
ia a brother of "ex-Boss" Rea, defeated
j R. M. Phelps by 104 votes, but evidence
!of great fraud has been discovered. In
some precincts voters v.ere colonized.
The complaint recites Rea is unfit and
incompetent and disqualified by law
from filling the office of Supervisor be
cause of violation of laws.
It is alleged that on November 5.
1898, Rea unlawfully supplied trans
portation to Charles A. Fragelda at San
Jose and Cardinal Mesa at Palo Alto
' for Gilroy to obtain their votes; that
Ihe promised the residents of Mount
Hamilton Precinct a bridge if they
elected him, and promised F. E. Pearce
: that if he helped elect him a certain
claim of his which the Board of Su
pervisors had rejected would be paid;
that Rea expended $125 for bands, ho
tel bills and car fare during the cam-
I paign in violation of the law. For
; these violations the petitioner asks that
' Rea's election be annulled and the of
! nee vacated.
In the recount on the other contested
j offices to-day all three of the Good
' Government League contestants made
l further gains. Aggeler for City Ju.*
' tice gained 4 in the Fourth and 6 in the
' Fifth precincts; Conant for Treasurer
gained 4 in the Fourth and lost 9 in
the Fifth, and Lyndon for Sheriff
i gained 1 each in the Fourth and Fifth
i precincts. The net gains In five pre
cincts counted are: Aggeler 14, Conant
7, Lyndon 14. The election of Aggeler
and Conant is assured and many are
i confident of Lyndon winning.
The precincts counted to-day also
i show gains in the vote of J. Campbell,
District Attorney-elect, and that In five
precincts he had been deprived of 51
i votes.
R. S. Spaulding to-day filed a contest
of the election of J. H. Grider as Con
stable of Mayfield Township. Grider's
majority was 6.
Joint Primaries in Vallejo.
SUIBUN, Dec. 24v—The Joint primaries
held in Vallejo yesterday under the new
primary system for the purpose of
nominating a City Marshal resulted in n.
large vote. Michael Campbell re
ceived the Democratic nomination and
David Collins that of the Republicans.
Owing to the resignation of George Sav
age, the present Marshal of Vallejo. wno
has been elected Sheriff of fiolano County,
a special will be held in Vallejo
on January 21 to choose his successor.
DR. HAMILTON DIES
AFTER AN OPERATION
Passing of the Former Surgeon-Gen-
eral of the Marine Hos
pital Service.
CHICAGO. Dec. 24.— Dr. John B. Hamil- !
ton. ex-surgeon general of the T'nlt. .1
States marine hospital service, died in El
pin. 111., to-night. For over a year he !
had been superintendent of the Asylum I
for Insane at Elgin, and it was within I
the walls of the institution that he '
breathed his last. For a week his death i
has been expected at almost any time, as j
he was given up six days ago by his phy
sicians.
While on a visit to the East two weeks
ago Dr. Hamilton was attacked by •
■Id, and in few days peritonitis d*
■■<!. In ppite of everything that
be done he grew worse rapidly, and
on December 18 it was decided by Dr.
Tolas Senn that an operation was
necessary to save the patient's life. The
operation was performed and at its con
clusion Dr. Senn said that in his opinion
Dr. Hamilton had no chance for recov
ery. He rallied slightly after the opera- I
tion. howe'er. and for a few days there |
ed to b« v probability that he would
pull through. For the last two days he |
has, however, been sinking slowly and
death came at 6:30 o'clock to-ni^hc.
IN HONOR OF LAFAYETTE.
Daughters of the Revolution Aiding
the Monument Fund.
r:al Commission has assured
the Nation • S of the Daughters of
the American Revolution that it will re>
(■• ivi a Cull r> ■ "fjaition in th" work of se
curing sufficient money to maki the pro
posed monument to Lafayett< a worthy
expression of the nation's gratitude, and
one of the four tablets on tht> monument
will be reserved for t . to be ap
propriately insci nal board
of management cordially r»-c-"mmends
that each memb r of xh>-. society sbow her
appreciation of thin honor by Interesting
all persons in her locality to contribute
according to tnetr means oter
prise. It !■■ ;- : '"l that the Bat
of the Children of the American Etevolu
tion. through its president general
opera.te in the and. rt.iking. All contribu
tions should t* sent to Mrs. Robert
Hatcher, department of France, Ameri
can memorial committee, room 52, 902 F
street, Washington. D. < '.
Tho society decided to issue an appeal
for $15,000 to be added to o fund already
in existence and created for the purpose
of presenting to France during the Paris
Kxposftion a bronze statue of George
Washintrtn.
ACCIDENT AT A CROSSING.
One Person Killed, One Person In-
jured and a Third Badly Hurt.
SCRANTOX. Pa.. Dec. 24. -One person
was killed, one fatally Injured and a
third had a leg broken by an accident at
a crossing on the Ontario and Western
Railroad at Peckville, near here, to-day
Lewis Wdssuerger. a grocery-wagon
driver. .a man named Peter Wasnok and
James Walsh, aged 14 years, were cross
ing the railroad, when they were struck
by the engine, and Wasnok was literally
ground to pieces. Weissberger escaped
with a broken leg. The boy was thrown
upon the engine, practically unhurt, but
in the excitement tried to get off and was
caught under the wheels and both legs
were cut off above the knees. He will die
SMUGGLED OPIUM
INTO THE PRISON
Guards at San Quentin
Detected.
ARE AT ONCE DISCHARGED
WARDEN HALE LETS OUT TWO
OF HIS SUBORDINATES.
John Cramer and Joseph Brooks,
Heretofore Regarded as Trust
worthy Men, Found to Be
Too Thrifty.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUEXTIN PRISON, Dec. 24.—
The expose in The Call of the license
given outsiders to traffic with prison
ers in San Quentin has aroused the of
ficials. This evening two of the most
trusted guards, who were caught in the
act of smuggling opium into the prison,
were discharged.
It is known to all but those whose
duty it is to pay particular attention
to such matters that most of the opium
in San Quentin Prison has been car
ried in by free men. The only person
ever perceived to exert himself to any
extent to stop this practice is Director
James H. Wilkins.- Even the ''trusties"
have been searched in so lax a manner
that the guards themselves have com
mented on it.
As soon as Warden Hale returned
home from Oakland this evening he
was informed by Captain Edgar that
John Cramer and Joseph Brooks had
been detected smuggling opium through
the gates. They were sent for by War
den Hale and given their discharge af
ter a consultation with Captain Bir
lem.
In connection with the smuggling of
opium and the sale of tobacco is the
sale of cigarette papers to the prison
ers by certain of the guards. Cigar
ette papers are contraband goods at
the penitentiary, but immense quanti
ties of them are bought in San Fran
cisco and used in the prison largely as a
medium of exchange every week.
POPE SEEKS GROUND
FOR CONCILIATION
May Invite American Bishops to
Rome to Treat Personally
With Them.
NEW YORK, Dec. 24.— A cablegram to
the World from Rome says: Cardinal
Sutolli, formerly Papal Delegate to the
United States, was asked to-day for his
opinion upon the "Americanism which
occupies and interests the Vatican so
much. The Cardinal said;
""I do not believe the Pope will issue
an encyclical on the question at present,
as many journals have asserted he would
do. When the question is resolved an
encyclical may then be issued."
"For the moment the Pope's efforts are
directed toward finding ground for con
ciliation. His Holiness has not declared
in favor of either Arcnblsnop Ireland or
Archbishop Corrigan, for the Pope could
never admit that parties exist in the
Catholic religion.
"I know not what the Pope will do on
the question. Certainly it deeply occu
pies him. It ts nrobable thar ne will in
vite American bishops to Rome to treat
personally with them."
A cablegram to the Sun from Rome
says: It is stated that Cardinal Satolli
will visit the United States early in the
new year. At the Vatican it is admitted
his eminence contemplates such a trip,
but all inquirers are gravely assured it
is due entirely to urgent calls on private
business.
The great change in the destiny of
Cuba, Porto Rico and the Philippines has
necessitated a radical rearrangement of
the system of church government, and
the Pope has an idea that such changes
had best be made and can be made in
friendly if unofficial co-operation with the
Washington Government.
SAGASTA'S CONDITION
SOMEWHAT IMPROVED
Now the Attending Doctors Are
Hopeful for the Premier's
Recovery.
MADRID. Dec. 24.— The condition of
Senor Sagasta. the Premier, was some
what better this morning, and the attend
ing doctors are now hopeful of his recov
ery.
A bulletin issued this evening announces
that the condition of Senor Sagasta has
undergone no change since the laat re
port.
After the close of the Bourse here to
day Spanish interior securities fell to
53.73. owing to an unfavorable bulletin re
garding the condition of the Premier, Se
nor Sagasta.
STATE BOABD OF EDUCATION.
Action in the Case of Miss Ella E.
Ale Postponed.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 24.— The State
Board of Education held a meeting to
day. Governor Budd and President Kel
log? were absent.
Professor* Pierce reported on the peti
tion for the revocation of the diploma
of Miss Ella E. Ale, asking for further !
time in which to collect testimony. The j
trouble arises from the indorsement on
her life diploma granted by the board on I
her San Diego certificate, on which it is j
stated that the latter was granted on a '
Normal School diploma of Pennsylvania.
Mislead of a Normal School diploma she
Held merely a permanent certificate from
that State. She claimed that the indorse- '
ment on the San Diego certificate was
simply a clerical mistake made by the |
secretary of the San Diego Board of" Edu
cation.
P. H. Condlt was an applicant for an
educational diploma of the High School !
grade, but there was some contention as !
tti whether he possessed the necessary
credentials and he was granted further
time in which to produce them.
A large number of life and educational
diplomas were granted.
NO USE FOB FORGER BECKER.
American Bankers' Association Has
Not Made a Business Alliance.
NEW YORK. Dec. 24.— Robert A. Pink- j
♦>rton declared there is no truth in the |
report from San Francisco that Charles !
Becker, the forger, has made a business
alliance with the American Banking As
sociation, as recently reported. Mr. Pink
erton further asserts that the Becker
gang of forgers was broken up through
the Plnkerton agency, and every effort
has been made and will he made in the ;
future to prevent Becker from continu
ing his nefarious business.
SHIP COLUMBIA WINS.
Beats the W. H. Macey in the Run to
Cape Flattery.
PORT TOWNSESD. Wash.. Dec. 24.— '
The race between the American ship Co- j
lumbia. Captain Nelson, and the ship W.
H. Macey. Captain Groth. from San Fran
cisco to Cape Flattery, has been won by
the Columbia, which was reported this
afternoon at 2:30 p. m. from Xeah Bay. '
and will arrive here at 12. making the
ran from San Francisco to Cape Flat
tery in several hours less than six days, i
The Macey has not yet been reported.
Bishop Nulty Dead.
DUBLIN, Dec. 24.— Thomas Nulty, Cath- I
olio Bishop of the diocese of Meath since I
1564, Is dead. [
ADVERTISEMENTS. «j
seeonr advt. in this paper Tuesday morning — attractions.
WiiiiM«imirMM^M»TTWfrrTw^^ TTTtnngw|M||BM||BMMJ^^ '
O"^^BQI^nHBMHg 111 EEI I I I 1 II *
Q OvSvBI Jm 9 Jwl T # i v 3 »i 4. IS3 *i
I ErfiiilS?ilJLArißS 1 Sra i I L ot @
iiiiiiiiiil w mi I hi '
San Francisco's greatest mail order house.
REVENUES OF THE
PORT OF MANILA
Million Dollars in Ten
Weeks.
GENERAL WHITTIER'S REPORT
FIGURES WOULD BE INCREASED
IN TIME OF PEACE.
Former Collector of Customs Regards
Aguinaldo as One of the Great
est Young Men of
the Day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Dec. 24.— Brigadier
General S. W. Whittier, who went to
Manila as an inspector general on the
staff of General Merritt. returned to
New York to-day on the St. Louis with
the Peace Commissioners. He took
part in all the land fighting around
Manila, and when peace was restored
he was put in charge of the collection
of customs at Manila.
"Between August 20, when I took
charge, and October 31. when I was
ordered to report to the Peace Commis
sion at Paris," said General Whittier,
"the port of Manila yielded customs
revenues amounting to $1,000,000. This
gives no idea of what the customs re
ceipts would be during seventy days of
peace and the ordinary- pursuits of
commerce.
'"The value and commercial advant
ages of the Philippines, properly ad
ministered, are great to any country
that will develop them.
"The Filipinos are a well-informed
people, peace-loving, thrifty and order
ly. What they want most is a govern
ment that will allow them to attend to
their own business. If they can do
that in peace and quiet they will wel
come the new government. Asuinaldo
comes nearer to being a great man
than any other man of 29 years I ever
knew. As we consider age, he is a
mere boy. Yet he has done wonders
in fighting the Spaniards."
THUN HOHENSTEIN'S
WORDS MISUNDERSTOOD
Austrian Premier's Remarks Not In
tended as a Menace to
Germany.
VIENNA, Dec. 24.— The Abend Post
publishes to-day a long communication
regarding the German interpretation of
the answer of Count Thun Hohenstein,
the Austrian Premier, to an interpolation
in the Reichsrath. made on November 29,
on the subject of the expulsion of the
Austrians from Prussia. In his answer
the Premier said that, should the expec
tation warranted by assurances of the
Berlin Cabinet that greater consideration
will be shown to Auatrians, not be ful
filled the Government would not hesitate
to protect energetically the rights of Aus
trians and. if necessary, adopt retaiia
torv measures. The writer of the com
munication says the Premier's remarks
are entirely misunderstood in Germany,
and, after dwelling upon the closeness of
the relations between Germany and Aus
1 '^Count S Thun Hohenstein is. officially
and personally, as loyal a supporter not
only of the treaty connection, but also
of the intimate relations of the two em
pires as any other influential personage
in the monarchy."
GOOD DAY FOB WEDDINGS.
San Rafael Pastors and Justices Find
Business Bather Brisk.
SAN* RAFAEL. Dec. 24.— This was a
busy day for I'upid Bonneau. From the
time he opened the County Clerk's office
until the doors were again closed in the
evening he was besieged with applicants
for licenses to marry.
Austin Jackson, cashier of the Palace
Hotel grillroom, was licensed to wed Mrs.
Sadie Gay lord, and the ceremony was
performed by Rev. Father Lagan.
Judge Gardner officiated at two cere
monies Michael T. Lenehan of France
avenue was wedded to Miss H^k-n B.
Tarr a teacher in the Monroe Primary
School and Samuel Abrams of the firm
of Meyerneld. Mitchell & Co. to Miss
Charlotte L. Chapin, living at 537 Castro
street.
Accessories to a Murder.
CHICAGO, Dec. 24.— Attorney William
E. Hughes and Mark C. Farr were held
to-day to the Grand Jury on a charge of
being accessories before the fact to the
murder of Deputy Sheriff Frank E. Nye.
While trying: to serve a writ of ejectment
on Mrs. Marjorie H. Crosby Nye was shot
and killed by the 13-year-old son of Mrs.
Crosby. Hughes and Farr were Mrs.
Crosby's attorneys in the litigation over
her estate, and it is claimed that they
advised her to resist by force If necesaary
any attempt at ejection,
SMALLER IMPORTS
FROM ENGLAND
America Getting More
Independent.
MAKES HER. OWN GOODS
THIS IS TRUE OF ALL TEXTILE
FABRICS.
Only Once in Eight Years Has So
Little Been Brought Across
the Water to This
Country.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24.—Importa
tions of manufactures from Great Brit
ain into the United States seem likely
to show an unusually small total in the
year IS9B. The November statements of
exports from Great Britain to the
United States, which have just reached
the Treasury Bureau of Statistics,
show in nearly every case that the ex
portation of manufactures in the eleven
months, which ended November 30,
were less than in the corresponding
months erf earlier years. Imports of
manufactures in the early part of the
year 1597 were abnormally great, and a
comparison of the eleven months of
1898 with the corresponding months of
IS&7 would, in many cases, be mis
leading-. A comparison, however, with
the corrrespc-nding months of 1596 and
1898 shows in nearly all cases smaller
imports in 1898 than in either of the
earlier years. The imports of the
eleven months of ISS6 were the smallest,
with a single exception, since 1890, and
those of 189S were less than in the three
years which preceded it. In nearly all
classes of manufactured articles the
figures of # the eleven months of 1898
show a reduction as compared with 1896
and 1593, and a very large reduction as
compared with 1897. In jute manufac
tures the imports of the eleven months
of 1898 were 95,287,300 yards, against
143,984,300 in the corresponding months
of 1897; in woolen yarns the drop was
from 55,000 pounds In 1897 to 6900 in
1898; in worsted yarn from 674.300
pounds in eleven months of 1897 to 102,
900 in 1898: in woolen tissues from
8.048,100 yards in eleven months of 1*97
to 1,478.300 in eleven months of 1898.
ami in worsted tissues from 40,667.700
yards in eleven months of 1597 to 12.
706.400 in the corresponding months of
1898.
TWO CHARRED BODIES
IN A BURNED CABIN
Evidence of a Double Murder in the
Lumber District Near
Spokane.
SPOKANE, Wash.. Dec. 24. — The
charred bodies of two men were found this
morning in the embers of a cabin
burned last night five miles north of the
■ city. Eight woodchoppers were living in
I the cabin. Yesterday they were paid, and
all but Archie Carroll and Oscar King
came to the city to celebrate Christmas.
Blood was found in the snow in front
[ of the cabin, and this and other suspi
cious circumstances suggested the possi
bility of a crime. The suspicion deepened
when it was found that "Bill" Banks and
"Jack" David, two of the six men who
came to town last night, parted from the
others and said they intended to return
to the cabin. They have not been seen.
since. The officers have a theory that
they returned to the cabin last night.
i quarreled with Carroll and King and were
; murdered. It is thought that Carroll and
j King, after killing Banks and David, fled
! and went into hidinp. They came here
I from Kentucky about two months ago.
Premier Winter Beturns.
ST. JOHN, N. 8.. Dec 24.— Sir James
Winter, Premier of Newfoundland, re
turned here yesterday from Washington,
where he had been attending the sitting
of the international commission. It is
understood here that there is no prospect
of a settlement of the fisheries and reci
procity questions, ; though a treaty - •will
be signed about the end of January cover
ing minor subjects in dispute. This treaty -
will be submitted to the Canadian Parlia
ment at the coming session, but if a set
tlement of the above questions is not ar
ranged the Newfoundland Legislature will -
not be called upon to pass it-' .
•
Murdered and Incinerated.
LORAIN, Ohio. Dec. 24.— The investiga
tion into the mysterious death of Charles
Riego of Chicago in a fire yesterday is
proceeding. So far the testimony of wit
nesses examined shows almost conclusive
ly that the man was murdered by robbers
and the fire started to cover the crime.
Riego carried considerable money in a
bag that was held by a string around hia
neck. Who struck the fatal blow is un
known as yet. but the officers in charge
at th* case have strong suspicions.
56
|
SUNDAY DECEMBER 25, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBL!CATK»i OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Wain IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
Ecrved by carriers In tb's city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montb
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1-50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Riftfts Houm
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, ooen until
»:30 o'clock- 621 McAHister street, open until 9:30
©'clock- 615 LarKin street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open ur>tll 10 c'clocK- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mlsston street, open until 9 o'clock;- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock.- 1505 Polk, street, open \
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock..
/• MUSiiMENT*
California— "Mapda."
Columbia— "A Parlor Match."
Alcazar— "Humbug."
Tlvoli— "The Yellow Dwarf."
Morosco'B— "Uncle Tom's Cabin."
Orpheum — Vaudeville. -V ",'-.:.
Comedy— "A Bunch of Keys." . .^, -t.vV
The Chutes — Gorilla Man, Vaudeville and the Zoo.. ...
Olympia — Corner Mason and Eddy streets. Specialties.
Glen Park— Mission Zoo.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Ingleslde Race Track— Races To-morrow.'
Metropolitan' Hall— Kosenthal Piano Recital, Tuesday even-
Ing, January 3. . - ■ _^
RESPONSIBILITY OF POUNDKEEPER.
IT is gratifying to observe that Justice of the Peace
Kerrigan has given judgment in favor of a man
whose property has been damaged by the deputies
of Poundkeeper Osborne. Some weeks ago these
deputies took a horse from a vacant lot in Richmond
belonging to George M. Blanchard. They had no
right to impound the animal, since he was upon pri
vate property, but they did so, and grossly maltreated
him on the way to the pound. The animal was las
soefi and thrown, being badly cut and lamed in the
operation. Besides, the deputies whipped him un
mercifully.
When Blanchard reached the pound to redeem his
horse the animal was scarcely recognizable. The ser
vices of a veterinary surgeon, who charged $15, were
necessary to put the brute in condition for further
service. Blanchard brought suit against Osborne for
$250 damages, and upon the trial of the case estab
lished his claim, obtaining judgment for the full
amount, with costs.
We do not know whether the poundkeeper is re
sponsible, but he certainly has a bond which ought to
indemnify people who complain in this way of his
i of duty. If it is the law that persons who
suffer at the hands of his lawless employes can mulct
him in court, there will be a speedy and effective way
of reforming the management of the public pound.
All the Board of Supervisors need do in order to
secure a good administration of that institution will
be to increase the bond of the poundkeeper in pro
m to the damage he may do.
Mr. Blanchard is entitled to credit for having es
tablished this precedent, and it is sincerely to be
hoped that other people whose property is made the
sport of the poundkeeper's lawless deputies will fol
low his example. It is better to resort to the court
• than to the club.
Under the State law dogs are property, and dam
.v.;es may be recovered for their destruction or in
jury, as well as the destruction or injury of other
animals. The poundkeeper has no right to impound
cattle and horses found in private inclosures, and
when he does so he is guilty of larceny. There must
be some way to stop that kind of business, and the
method pointed out by Mr. Blanchard's proceeding
is even better than applying to the Board of Super
visors.
THE GRAND JURY.
IN using the expression '"The Grand Jury" refer
ence is not necessarily had to the present body. It
may have been futile, but so have all that have
preceded it. and so will be all of the long array to
follow.
The average Grand Jury consists of tradition, in
tentions and mediocrity. It labors as the mountain,
hut docs not bring forth so much as a mouse. If it
Serves any purpose it is that of ornament, and that it
adorns the social structure in any measure worth the
expense is an open question.
With all the rascality offered for it to deal with, the
present jury has done nothing. It had the School
Board, the ferry frauds, the miscellaneous peculations
of public officials as material with which to work, and
a cipher represents what it has accomplished. It
goes from office without honor and without even a
bluff at achievement.
Once more, as it has often done, a question arises
as to what the Grand Jury is for. Surely it has some
power. Who is. balking it? What malign force stands
between it and the accomplishment of something? It
Is this force which is in need of indictment. If the
jury can't indict it. let it confess and indict itself. This
tiiuch is certainly due the public.
THE QUESTION OF PENALTY.
TOMASSO KELLINI has l)cen. found guilty of
murder. As be, indubitably, was guilty, this is
certainly a step in the right direction. But the
jury said the penalty should be imprisonment for
life' Why 5
To send 8 man to prison for life means simply that
a new burden is imposed upon society. It is not
mercy to the man, for rather than be a hopeless pris
oner, he might better be dead. Society is under no
obligations to the class of people who kill. They for
feit their ri^ht to existence when they give vent to
their dangerous passions. They become a menace,
and the privilege of protection against them cannot
be withheld. There is no reason why. instead of be
ing put out of the way, they should be granted an
existence that is worse than wasted, because it is of
DO service to them, no service to anybody else, and
an absolute burden on people who. refraining from
the delights of slaughter, simply attend to business,
which includes the paying of taxes.
We (Jo not consider Tomasso as an individual. lie
i^ simply an example. He committed a murder for
ferhich there was no shadow of excuse, end he should
he hanged for it. If the death penalty is a pretense
let it be abolished, but if it is a reality let it be im
posed when the subject is deserving.
MERRY CHRISTMAS TO fILL.
I I AIL, Christmas day, and a merry Christmas to
I ;ill! Once more our eyes are gladdened by the
* * beholding of the anniversary that brings with its
sunshine every form of joy known to the human
breast. The gay merriment of light-hearted children,
the deeper feetings of love and of friendship made
manifest by the interchange of gifts, the benevolent
ministrations of charity, the profound gratitude of
deeply religious souls — all have their part in making
up the sum of joy that brightens Christendom and
lightens the world to-day.
In a special sense this is children's day, and is to be
enjoyed by old people only upon condition that they
revive within their hearts something of the feelings of
childhood. There must be sympathy with happy
hearted laughter, with childhood's faith and love, or
else there can be but little gladness in the day for
any, no matter how large may be the host of their
friends, how sumptuous the feast that awaits them,
or how numerous and beautiful the rich presents be
stowed upon them.
Happy are those families that can gather to-day in
one household. Happy also are those far scattered
families who on this day renew in spirit the old-time
ties and feel again in all their original force the in
fluences of family love and affection. Happy are
those who out of their prosperity can help the needy,
and happy also are the needy who can find on this day
evidences of that generous helpfulness that binds men
together not only in the humanity of a common de
scent from Adam, but in the diviner brotherhood of
the spiritual relation of all to Christ.
On the old Judean hills nearly nineteen hundred
1 years ago the startled shepherds saw angels descend
ing and heard the heavenly song, "Peace on earth;
good will to men." Through all the long drawn cen
turies since then that song has been to mankind a
comfort, a hope and an inspiration. It has sung
into the hearts and the brains of men loftier ideals of
aspiration and nobler purposes of life. Its beautiful
words, infused with the holiness of heaven, still seem
to vibrate after all these years with something of the
celestial music that first sounded them through the
world.
"Lo, I am with you alway, even to the end of the
world," said Jesus. The divine promise has been kept
through nineteen centuries, and with each succeeding
one humanity has grown better and brighter and
nearer to the accomplishment of the true kingdom of
Christ. Never before was man so helpful to man as
now, never before were manners so gentle or morals
so pure. The joys of this Christmas day will be shared
more abundantly by a larger proportion of men than
those of any since the great festival was first estab
lished.
The saddest souls can find some joy in this holy
season, the happiest hearts some cause for increased
gladness. In the solemn churches so beautifully
decorated, in the well-ordered homes where peace and
love and plenty dwell, in all the haunts of men, there
will be found and felt the radiance of the joyous
influence of the day. and everywhere and at all times
the salutation will be full of cordiality as men and
women meet to wish one another, as The Call washes
them, "A merry Christmas day."
THE BRITISH LIBERAL PROGRAMME.
BY the retirement of Sir William Harcourt from
the leadership of the Liberal party in the House
of Commons the confusion among the Liberals
which has prevailed more or less ever since the re
tirement of Mr. Gladstone has reached a crisis. At
no period in this generation has Liberalism been so
weak in the kingdom. At the present time it has
neither a leader, a fighting force nor a platform.
The Ilondon Chronicle, one of the ablest represen
tatives of the party, attributes the confusion mainly
tc the inability of the leaders in Parliament to agree
upon a plan of action. In a recent issue it says: "It
i? perfectly well known they never seriously consult
even among themselves. Still less do they consult
their party, whether within or without the House.
They are much at variance as to what ought to be
done in many grave matters, and even as to what the
bulk of the party would wish them to do. They do
not arrange what they shall say or when they shall
keep silent. The game goes on as it may, and games
so played are lost before they are begun."
It seems to be conceded that the Liberal party will
not again in the near future undertake a fight for
home rule in Ireland. In a recent address to his con-*
stituents on the subject Sir Henry Campbell Banner
man said: "The party was not blind, or deaf, or
idiotic. Liberals must take facts as they found them.
Two heroic attempts had been made within the last
few years to carry out this great change. They had
failed, even though sustained by the genius and en
thusiasm of the author of the measures, who had now
passed from them forever. Could they shut their
eyes to the fact that the preponderating opinion in
England was opposed to home rule, and that a third
attempt, in present circumstances, to pass it would
really mean a third failure? "What could be gained
lor the cause by going on kicking against a stone
wall?"
With the view taken by Sir Henry the more in
fluential papers, as well as the leaders of the party,
seem to agree. The prevailing opinion is that the new
local government act should be thoroughly tested be
fore any further steps are taken toward an extension
of self-government to Ireland.
The old issue brought to the front by Parnell and
sustained by Gladstone being thus set aside, for a
time, at any rate, and there being no leader to come
forward with a new programme, the Chronicle has
collected what it calls "opinions from representative
quarters" as to what the policy of the party should
be. It announces as the result that there is among
Liberals, first, "a strong general desire to raise the
question of the Lords," and, second, " a powerful and
genuine movement in favor of the taxation of
ground values."
On each of these issues the Liberals would have the
support of all the radicals in the kingdom, and their
support in many constituencies would be sufficient to
determine the result by the defeat of the Conservative
candidates. A campaign along such lines would be
lively, and the very fact that the policy is proposed by
so strong an organization as the Liberal party gives
promise that he coming of something like a social
and political revolution in Great Britain is near at
hand.
c LESSON FROM THE SOUTH-
ONE of the notable features of the industrial
activity of the country is the energy with
which the Southern State have entered upon
the task of building up manufacturing enterprises.
Several of the States of that section have undertaken
to foster such enterprises by exempting them from
taxation for a series of years, and Alabama has re
cently joined the number by granting a ten years'
freedom from taxation to all manufacturing estab
lishments set up within the State in the next five
years.
Much of the manufacturing enterprise of the
South has been due to Northern capital ana Northern
energy, which have been inductd to enter those
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1898.
States, but not all of it has come from that source.
The best lesson which the Soutlj has to teach to the
West is what her own citizens have accomplished in
diversifying their industries.
An illustration of what has been achieved in that
way was given in a recent speech at a Board of Trade
banquet at Dallas by Joseph D. Sayers, the Governor
elect of Texas, who, in advocating the establishment
of factories in that State, said:
"In conversation with the Governor of Georgia a
few years ago, illustrating the progress which his own
State had made in manufactures, he spoke to me of
I his own little town of not exceeding 2500 inhabitants.
! There was not within its limits a citizen whose estate
reached the sum of $25,000. They were getting
j poorer, while other cities in the State were becoming
richer and more densely populated. The people of
this little city got together and determined to build a
factory. They didn't want to build an expensive one.
They didn't propose to put up buildings three and
four stories high, but a plain, simple, one-story build
ing. Stock was issued only to those who lived within
th ' community, and to none other. No man was per
mitted to take more than $1000 worth of stock. They
began in this small way, and in less than five years
they were exporting from their village more than
i $1,000,000 worth of cotton fabrics every year, and now
there isn't a single idle boy or girl within that com-
I munity, my friends. Young men are not studying
law nor medicine, but they are earning a living."
There are many small communities in California
that might profitably follow the example of this
Georgia town. Self help is better than waiting for
capital to come in from abroad. The manufacture of
fruit into fine jellies and preserves can be carried on
in small factories just as well as the manufacture of
cotton. It would be worth while for the towns that
form the centers of our fruit districts to try it.
A TfILE OF TWO BILLIES.
VERY grave problems confront the country at
this moment, and they appeal to the deep-seated
beliefs and conscience of public men.
They call for expression of opinions by leaders who
have shown, in the past, intelligent and unselfish de
votion to our institutions. They involve great con
stitutional questions, and their solution promises to
greatly affect the future of our Government and our
people.
Men wise in the knowledge of public law; scholars
trained in the study of physical problems; ethnolo
gists and biologists and social philosophers, all have
their attention fixed upon the issue of our war with
Spain, the negative and affirmative responsibilities it
has brought to us, and the manner of our acceptance
or rejection of them.
In the two leading parties of the country there is
not internal harmony of opinion upon the policy of
expansion. In each are strong men who oppose, and
as strong who favor, that policy. The great mass ci
conservative opinion appears to be against it, and
there is a desire that it be approached and settled
without an appeal to partisanship.
In this high and mighty time, when thoughtful men
pause and ponder each proposed step, the comedy fea
ture is introduced by the appearance of the two
Billies, Hearst and Bryan, one out of his unripeness
yelling, "Nail the flag to the Philippines!" and the
other, out of his desire to remain an object of at
tention, shouting, "Pull it down!" Each gravely in
forms the country that he is the leader of the Demo
cratic party, each has a past that consists of ungrati
fied ambition and a future woven of rainbows. Neither
is qualified by natural talents, culture or experience
to lead anything more serious than a cotillon, and
then not unless the figures are called, yet they are
self-deluded by the belief that they are leading the
country!
Colonel Bryan has been living in a tent for three
months, drawing a colonel's pay and commutation, in
attentive to the formation of public opinion which
has been in progress since expansion ;vas proposed,
and just as cold weather came on has resigned from
the army in order to try and assume leadership of the
anti-imperialist movement. It should not be neces
sary to inform Colonel Bryan that neither his party
nor his country looks to him for leadership in any
grave matter, nor will either gratify his vanity by
accepting him in that capacity.
Mr. Hearst succeeds in being merely ridiculous. Ho
advised his party here into a situation in which it got
a sound thrashing, and while it blubbered and rubbed
its bruises he turned upon it with jibes and jeers for
following his advice. Like Bryan, he is greedy of
notice and has less talents and training to support him
beyond mere notoriety.
Verily the Democracy of Jefferson, Jackson and
Cleveland has fallen and shrunken painfully if it have
come to the size of these rival Billies, who are pull
ing it in opposite directions like two billygoats tug
ging at the remains of a ripe hoop skirt.
The judicial and argumentative temper in which
the Nebraska Billy approaches the discussion of the
subject is seen in his speech in Lincoln last Friday
night, in which he said that the gold standard has
wrought more wrong and injustice in this country in
the last twenty-five years than Spain ever wrought in
all her colonies.
We intervened in the Spanish colonies by virtue of |
a nation's right to compel the end of unjust govern
ment, and the world refused to prevent the execution
of our purpose. Now. here is Colonel Bryan, an j
American citizen, supposed to speak for millions, who I
declares that our Government in twenty-five years has
been guilty of more injustice and inhumanity to our
people than Spain was guilty of to her colonies in
three centuries! If this is the truth, the world that let
us punish Spain for less crimes than ours has, by our
precedent, the right to move on our works at once, !
punish our Government and liberate our people!
The sober-minded people who view with alarm the
experiment of imperialism in the tropics may view
with a panic the championship of Colonel Bryan
which proceeds upon the declaration that our govern
ment at home is worse than that of Spain abroad!
Santiago has become clean by the method of using
the lash on the people who transgressed sanitary
laws. While the method cannot well be applied gen
erally, the virtue of it will be recognized.
The coming of the Santa Fe to this coast means
that other great lines are bound to follow. Roads
which now terminate in Colorado and Utah will be
no longer content to stay there.
It is not possible to watch a man ascend in a bal
loon, hanging by his teeth, without wishing that the
laws of gravitation would be suspended. The man
invariably comes down.
Three months for stealing a turkey; acquittal for
having killed an inoffensive man. The administration
of justice has not been reduced to an exact science.
Let us forget that the Spanish Peace Commission
ers have called us "upstarts." It is a fact that when
the provocation warranted we did upstart.
The fact that another French soldier has been ac
cused of betraying army secrets is fairly good evi
dence that he is not guilty.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
It Is curious to notice that the Super
visors in their latest extension of time
to Bateman Brothers have set July of
next year as the limit. These contrac
tors have undertaken to erect the Hall
of Justice, or, rather, they hava under
taken not to permit any other contrac
tors to erect it. They have obtained
extension after extension, and doubt
less can obtain more. They can have
all the time they want, and bulge over
into eternity. They can bequeath the
Job to their children, and their chil
dren's children can grow gray in pur
suit of the noble industry of making a
lot of monkeys of the Board of Super
visors and blocking the progress of the
north end of the city. Therefore to set
so early a date as next July is only a
waste of effort. Another extension will
then be given, not for the mere ask
ing, perhaps, but still, it will not be
withheld. As a matter of fact, Bate
man Brothers should have been thrown
bodily off the work at their initial fail
ure to live up to the terms. There has
never been advanced the shadow of ex
cuse for letting them abuse the public
and ignore the stipulations supposed
to govern them. Even now there
might reasonably be an endeavor to
have constructed a Hall of Justice
somewhere else. The people need one.
The present architectural tortoise is
not for use; it is solely for the amuse
ment and edification of the living Bate
mans and of uncounted Batemans yet
to be.
• • •
"L. Y. B."— lf it were possible to
make out what you mean, I could with
a clear conscience agree with you.
Lillie X.— l grieve to have to state
that the* stuff you send is not poetry.
Why not enter into a literary partner
ship, your share of work being to fur
nish the stationery?
"A Friend."— Anybody able to write
so bright a letter ought to be willing
to sign it. Please try your Christian
science on the habit of being anony
mous.
• • •
A Kentucky Judge, deeming a re
porter guilty of contempt, forced the
offender to sit all day on the bench with
him and facetiously called attention to
"my learned associate." There were
two fools on the bench that day. I
would like to have some attorney cite
the law under which the Judge was
acting, as well as the rule which pre
vented the reporter from taking a leg
of the bench and beating out such
apology for brains as the court pos
sessed. However, a reporter who would
submit to the indignity deserves no
sympathy and probably would not
recognize it if extended to him.
As to the policy of expansion, I deem
it useless to say anything for there is
no use to attempt putting the brakes
on the wheel of destiny nor to attempt
to accelerate the speed. In the long
run the result is the same and the wear
and tear of tissue is a needless waste.
I observe that the Rev. Mr. Parkhurst
has decided that this country must not
grow save within bounds already fixed,
and is making remarks about it. It
could be wished that Parkhurst would
learn the peace and joy which comes
of attending to one's own business. He
smears his pulpit cushion with some of
the filling of every pie, for to keep his
fingers out of the pastry is a course
never occurring to him. In fact Park
hurst does almost everything save
preaching the Gospel. As a reformer
he is virulent and ineffective. Posing
as an apostle of every fad, he keeps
himself in print. I never heard of his
doing any good, nor of his bringing
anything but reproach upon the high
calling he draws a Balary for following
while invariably engaged in following
something else.
• * •
"The Coming Light" appears with an
appeal for support, but before con
tributing I am willing to await its ar
rival.
* * •
Andrew Carnegie summoned Brvan,
and Bryan went. As an admirer of the
Nebraskan, I am sorry for this. Car
negie is not a good American. He has
secured a great fortune out of the pro
tection the laws of this country afford
ed him, and he does not appreciate his
luck. The men who work for him have
never felt the effects of his liberality,
because the quality is one he does not
possess. It is true that he has given
money away, but only when it was to
be so expended as to perpetuate his
name. Rockefeller has done the same
thing, and there is none so foolish as to
deem the oily magnate either a good
citizen or a liberal man. If Bryan ex
pects to retain the hold he has upon
a portion of the people of this country,
he must be careful as to the comDany
he keeps. He cannot afford to mix
with Carnegie.
♦ * •
It is impossible not to admire the
spunk of Mrs. Himmelman. Ten years
after this woman had been divorced
from her husband he took a notion that
he desired the custody of their chil
dren, and as the ways of the courts are
past finding out, got permission to take
them away from her. While ahe dick
ered with the Sheriff's men at the front
door she smuggled the youngsters out
at the back, and at this writing has
them in hiding. I hope she will keep
them there. Ten years is a considera
ble period for the love of a father to re
main dormant.
» • •
Many remarks have been made about
Dunning, and such as may have been
of a' complimentary nature I failed to
note. The man does not appear in an
enviable light, and yet it does not seem
fair that for the only exhibition of de
cency he has given he sliould have been
sent to jail. Dunning refused to an
swer a certain impertinent question
propounded by Attorney Knight. In
my judgment, which may be bad,
Knight had no business to ask the
question, and knew this when he asked
it. He seems to have a total disre
gard for the rights of a witness. It has
always been a puzzle to me why within
a court a lawyer should have the privi
lege of being impudent to a degree
which in any other place would earn
him a cracked pate. Many cross ex
aminers seem to regard the feat of in
sulting witnesses as something of
which to be pfoud. As a matter of fact,
it is cowardly, brutal and stupid. Cow
ardly because the witness has no
means of defense; brutal because It is
torture of the helpless, the exagger
ated tendency of the small boy to im
pale a fly; and stupid because any fool
with a tongue can harass. There is
no bravery in prodding a caged lion or
lashing a chained mastiff. The fault
is not peculiar to Knight, but becauae
he talks more and louder than most of
By HENRY JAMES.
his kind, he makes it appear more than
ordinarily offensive.
• • *
As to the guilt or innocence of the
Botkin woman there is nothing which
may with propriety be now said, but
as to the morbid females who flock to
her trial, craning their necks to catch
each particle c-f filth set afloat, com
ment is permissible. They are all guilty
of indecency, and each one, as she
scrambles for entrance, lays aside her
claim to respect. The perverted mas
culine intelligence which similarly pro
claims its nastiness is as bad, but less
shocking.
• * *
Liliuokalani asks that the lands taken
from her be restored. There may be
here and there a tendency to sneer at
the request, but I do not understand
why. She was robbed of the land as
surely as she would have been robbed
of her watch through the act of a pick
pocket in extracting that article from
her pocket. Nobody had any right, to
deprive her of her holdings. If the peo
ple of the United States have persuaded
themselves that the overthrow of the
monarchy against the tearful protests
of its subjects was justifiable they
surely have not gone so far as to think
that larceny ts a virtue.
Writing of the theft of the skull of
Lillian Brandes an Oakland paper says
the insinuation that the relic may be
tampered with is tantamount to say
ing that the attorneys are capable of
becoming accessories to murder. So it
is. What of it?
• » •
and boldly to advocate a welcome for
the California troops when they come
back from Manila. As such a welcome
will be as certain as the rising of the
sun I am waiting with curiosity to see
the paper in question take to itself all
the credit for this. No easier path to
glory was ever blazed. When the boys
arrive there will be such a demonstra
tion as the city has never witnessed.
Nothing could prevent this, nothing
keep the enthusiasm in check. There
will not be the least inclination to try.
And after it is easy to imagine the
paper in question proclaiming with ju
bilation the result of its endeavors.
The anarchist howls for the abolition
of law, and we regard him as a rogue
or idiot. Yet good people must some
times wonder what law is for unless to
be degraded. Certainly those persons
who are guided by base instincts, and
at the same time have money, can
safely defy it. In the absence of
money, a pull is potent. Here is the
Wells-Fargo Express Company, a cor
poration headed by a godly man burst
ing with scriptural quotation, and yet
every day cheating its customers de
liberately, systematically, and making
the pretense that It thinks itself abid
ing by the statute. Here is a school
board, many of whose members, for ex
ample, Waller and Ragan, deserve to
be in the penitentiary as felons, rob
bing the public, pilfering from the
pockets of the teachers and laughing
gaily at any attempt to check them.
Here are seekers after office solemnly
making oath that their election ex
penses have been a trifle, certainly
within the legal limit, and knowing, as
everybody else knows, that when they
so swear they commit willful perjury.
Here is a Board of Supervisors bound
to protect municipal interests, and do
ing everything but this. Here is a
Grand Jury helpless or unwilling to
bring the rascals to account. Nothing
need be said of the shameless travesty
of almost every trial for murder, the
gambling, secret only from the police,
the plundering of public funds. In a
broader way this same disregard for
the law may be observed all over the
country. What does Huntington care
for the law? How much does it con
cern a Yerkes? Why should Standard
Oil be permitted to burn its books?
The truth is, wealth and influence have
the power to trample law under foot.
The poor and friendless, transgressing,
catch the full force of the penalty.
Had Rosser been the son of poverty,
his victim a millionaire, he would have
died in the penitentiary of old age.
Had Figel been a pauper the cases
against him would not have been dis
missed and police energy would never
have been devoted to establishing his
innocence. Contemplation of the truth
as it annears every day in local his
tory and the history being made all
over the country is enough to excite
grave misgivings.
• •
Mrs. Mary Haman of Sacramento
sends out a circular setting forth that
she has been ordered of the Lord to an
nounce that he is not coining during
1899. While this may .nut be official
there is evidence that the lady is sin
cere, and I willingly contribute to the
spread of her information.
There is something brutally strange
in the indignant charge that there has
been no suffering in Monterey County
and that the kindly impulse to semi
provisions to the hungry there is born
of a wanton desire to give the locality
a bad name. In all probability, how
ever, the citizens whose stomachs are
experiencing the first satisfactory dip
tentlon in many days will fail to in
dorse the peculiar view.
The seating of a polygamist in Con
gress would be wrong beyond the point
of toleration. Not only would it be the
anomaly of giving to a defiant law
breaker a place among law-makers, but
it would degrade the tone' of the House.
Congress has. ever been distinguished
for the strictness of its morate and the
rigidity of its virtues as well as ihe
unquestioned purity of its motives. It
could ill afford to lower the standard
which k-.s made it the pride of one con
tinent, the wonder of another and the
joy of heaven.
• •
Whatever may be the conclusions of
the investigating committee the fact is
plain that the commissary department
of the army in Cuba was miserably
managed. The great fault was with the
contractors. Of course a contractor
who would sell rotten meat for the van
of soldiers is a miserable traitor who
ought never to be paid and deserv.? s
hanging. But of course he will be paid
and Instead of being hanged have a
larger bank account and be a solid citi
zen, his counsel sought among finan
ciers.
» • *
It is with a thrill of pride I notice a
college president has resigned to ac
cept the position of under sheriff of
Sonoma County. Comparatively few
college presidents have ever done any
thing like this. In fact there may be
heads of universities bo set in their
ways that the chance to be under
sheriff would not appeal to them. So
noma County is to be congratulated.
Its writs will be couched in classic
terms and notices of delinquent sales
so conectly warded as really to make
pleasant reading.
• • •
Then is a person addicted hopelessly
to the crime of writing who proclaims
that I have no more sentiment than a
mule. But even a mule would kicli
that particular person.
• • *
The literary gentleman of the Ex
aminer is trying to discourage Kipling,
but I hope the virile Englishman, who
writes better fiction and better poetry
than any other author of the genera
tion, will keep right on. To be sure he
has given ub a few things lately not
up to his own incomparable standard
but these were not the ones selected
for condemnation. A critic who fails
to see beauty in "The Brushwood Boy
has a broken cog in the steering gear
of his perceptive faculties.
•• * *
A dispatch from St. Louis states that
an ex-convict there has committed sui
cide because private detectives, despite
his desire to lead an honest life, hound
ed him from place to place and would
not permit him to ear* bread. A proper
sequel would be the report of the sui
cide of some of the private detectives.
It is a melancholy circumstance that to
the private detective suicide seems to
present but meager attraction. Without
doubt there are honest men who go into
this calling, but while aa a newspaper
reporter I have had to meet and know
many of the sleuth hounds, I do not re
call that I ever had the pleasure of run
ning across one of this variety. The
average private detective is worse than
the man whom he arrests or blackmails.
a choice of course being decided upon
after the weighing of the prospective
profits. There should be something dono
to suppress the craft. An ex-convict
has rights and among them that or
making an honest living if so inclined.
There is a tendency to damn a person
who has' been in the penitentiary,
whereas, the truth is, he may be
morally and intellectually the superior
of his neighbor who has never been
there but ought to have been. I could
name men of national reputation and
influence who should be wearing
stripes, men who have millions and
never an honest penny, men who have
position secured never by unpurchased
votes, men who aspire to office but
have not been purged of thieving rew
ords, and have escaped the punishment
which a hungry citizen stealing a ham
cannot hope to escape. I have known
men who under some sudden impulse
have committed a crime and repented
of it bitterly before the hand of the
law had touched them and other men
who have deliberately committed
greater crime, scoffed at the ide"a that
the law could reach them, and kept
right on being respectable. I do not
think that private detectives should
hound any man to death, but if they
cannot resist the inclination to attempt
something of the kind, wish they might
try it not on persons who have been
convicts, but upon those who ought to
be convicts with terms so long as to
have no chance of acquiring the "ex."
When ladies gravely declare that the
mistletoe is out of date, with all respect
to them I am inclined to believe the
out-of-dateness does not apply to the
mistletoe.
• • •
To friends everywhere 1 send Christ
mas greeting, and suggest on behalf of
this excellent family journal that now
is the time to subscribe. Not that I
care much, being certain they will get
the paper even if necessary to borrow
it, but the wisdom of cultivating the
good will of the business office is knowu
to every newspaper writer.
MIS NAME IS
JIMMORTAL
The name of Grant is
immortal, but the Grant
who is trying to be United i
States Senator because of '
his name is, so far as the ;
people of California know '
to the contrary, a very :
commonplace personage. ;
They say that he has '.
bought a few legislators :
whose votes he expects to !
receive. Time will tell. — ■
Redding Free Press. j
IN THE BEST OF HUMOR.
A prize fight is not called a mill be
cause it gives work for the hands.— Phil*
delphia Times.
Discern the tragedy, who can—
(How sad two hearts must feel!)
Here's "Wanted— To exchange a tan-
Dem for a single wheel."
—Puck.
Simkins— What makes your nose so red.
T i m Kins?
Timkins— lt glows with pride, sir, at not
poking itself into other people's business.
—Tit Bits.
"Hasn't Longhill recovered yet from the
illness he contracted in the army?"
"No; his pension application won't be
passed on for several weeks."—Philadel
phia North American.
"I cured my wife of wanting her own
way about everything."
"How?"
"I let her have it."— Chicago Record.
He sang a little song of snow,
But snow staid out of sight.
He sang a song of violets,
And every roof was white!
Atlanta Constitution.
Her arm was white and beautiful
Her jewels glittered like the stars.
A hundred envious whispers said:
"She's got two vaccination scars."
—Chicago Tribune.
"One of my romances netted me 100,000
marks."
"Which one?"
"One I on with a rich widow
over In Ostend. I married her."—Flie
gende Blaetter.
The best Xmas present: Townsend's Cal
ifornia Glace Fruits, 50c, in fire etched
boxes or Japanese baskets. 627 Market St.,
Palace Hotel builaing •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Gaakins— l struck great luck to-day.
Bobrey— By the way, so did I.
trazkins— What VH yours?
Bobrey— l gut called on the jury.
Gazkins— You did! I got left off!—Rox
bury Gazette.
ACKER'S ENGLISH REMI T'Y WILL STOP
a. cough at any time and will cure the worat
cold in twelve hours or money refunded. A*
Owl Drug; Co.AUSTRALASIAN
TRADE WITH
SAN FRANCISCO
Hon. J. D. Connolly on
the Situation.
IS NOT WHAT IT SHOULD BE
MERCHANTS ARE NOT ALIVE
TO THEIR INTERESTS.
1
The Government Should Be Impor- |
tuned to Subsidize a Line of
Steamers to the
Colonies.
Hon. J. D. Connolly, who for the last '
ten years has been United States Consul
to New Zealand, has returned to Califor
nia to reside. Mr. Connolly was appoint
rd during Cleveland's first administration,
and his conduit of the office was such
that President Harrison reappointed him.
He continued in office during President
Cleveland's second administration, and
wan only relieved a few months ago \<y
Frank Dillingham. who was appointed by
Presid- in M< Kinky. Mr. Connolly made
a host of friends in the colonies, and he
thinks that, next to an American, a colo
nial is the finest type of man on earth.
"The sentiment throughout Australasia
during the war was all with America,"
Bald Mr. Connolly yesterday. "The peo- j
pie in Australia and New Zealand were |
just as pleas. <l t.> see the United States
secure Hawaii ami the Philippines as
they would have been if Great Britain i
had got them. I know that this state
ment will not be generally credited, but
It is true nevertheless. Americans and
American manufactories stand very high j
In the colonies, and every vessel that ar- !
rives at Auckland, N. Z.: Sydney, N. S.
W., or Melbourne, Victoria, from the
United States is laden with the products
of this country, and the trade is con
stantly growing.
■ The volume of trade that can be don« ■
with Australasia is not thoroughly ap- ]
predated here. The vast amount of ter
ritory that is eager to receive our goods
is not known to half our people. How :
many of them know, for Instance, that
you could pick up the United States, < x
dusive of Alaska, and set tln-m flown In
the island of Australia, and that there
would bo a fringe of dry land ail around
the island uncovered by our great and
glorious country? The people ar<- demo
cratic, speak the same language as our
-. their hop^s and aspirations are
the same, and they are the nearest ap
proach to an American of any people on
earth. The possibility s of trade with such
a people, therefore, are incalculable, and
yet we seem to be blind to it.
"Our volume of trade with Australasia
is growing, but it is not through any in
telligent effort on our part. If such an
effort were put forth I can Bay positively
that the bulk of the trade of the Austra
lian colonies would come lure, and when
I say here,' I mean San Francisco.
"In order to secure this trade we want
more frequent communication with Aus
tralasia. We want larger, faster and
strictly modern vessels. By a conserva
tive move in this direction 1 am confident
our trade with the colonies could l>e <iuad
rupled iii a very short time. The I'acirir
and especially San Francisco,
; spare no effort to Interest our Gov
ernment in this matter, our steamers
should be subsidized. Ever since I have
been Consul to New Zealand 1 have been
writing and urging this step upon the
administration. English. German and
I i'n.s of steamers all run to Aus
tralia, and all of them are heavily sub- j
sldized. How. then can our vessels com- j
gainsi them in the matter of freight
and passengers when the owners have to i
fight the battle single-handed? Private >
owners should be assisted by the Govern- I
ment, and in a short time our trade with
Australasia would u-ad all others.
"The Oceanic Steamship Company is
deservedly popular with the people of
Australasia. Its vessels make their voy
ages with clocklike regularity, and they
• done yeomen's work for California.
But its vesß< ■ as large n<ir as Cast
but every bit as comfortable as the subsi
dized lines of the Peninsular and Oriental,
Messageries and North German Lloyds,
all of which run 6000 and 7000 ton vessels
to Sydney. You can see at a glance that
ompetitlon is unfair. Nearly all the
running expenses of these foreign vesw Is
ar' paid by their Governments, while the j
American line has to stand on its own
... The United States reaps all the :
benefits derived from this line and I think
Uncle Sam should foster it.
"This much I know. The New Zealand
Government is very much in favor of our
line. I know that the New Zealand Gov
ernment is prepared to enter into a ten
' contract if the I'nited States will
do the same. It wants, however, in return
steamers of not less than r^m tons burden
and that can average 17 to 18 knots an
hour. Now. what the Government should
do is to subsidize the Oceanic Steamship
Company for the ten years the New Zea
land Government requires and then see to
It that three large steamers, equal to 20
knots, with an average of 18 knots, that
muld in- turned into auxiliary cruisers in
■ of emergency, are built, and then
you would see our trade with Australasia
grow. Every man interested in the com
merce of the Pacific should agitate and
insist in every conceivable way that this
result may be brought about. Tt is ab
solutely necessary to the expansion of our
and the maintenance of that already
■ iis)i'"d with Australasia.
"The route from Ban Francisco to Syd
ney is the most plctureseque, the shortest
and the most desirable in the Pacific.
After leaving this port the tr- veler is a
week at sea and then comes a delightful
rest at Honolulu. Six days more at sea
and then comes Samoa. Five days more
and you break your journey once more at
Auckland, and then another four flays
lands you at Sydney. Compare this with
the Suez route and the horrors of the
Red Sea and you can sec that a little ju
dicious catering would bring all the Aus
tralian travel via the United Btates. In
this connection let me say that our rail
roads are making a his mistake in nut
having representatives in Australia. If
there "was some weH-lnformed Individual
In each of the large towns to give infor
mation to travelers, thousands of passen
gers who now go to Europe by the other
route would cross the American continent
and would spend at least JSOO while here.
In addition to this it would mean a large
Increase in our business. Men coming this
way would make inquiries and trade re
lations would be established that would
greatly benefit our country. So you can
perf> that upon every ground we would be
■Justified in nutting forth our best efforts
to secure the bulk of the Australasian
trade. T have pointed out the way. Let
us clamor for a government subsidy for
our line and once we have secured that,
we will have larger and faster steamer?,
and then our trade will grow with leaps
and bounds.
"The Australians are great travelers,
and they wiU all come our way if we only
make the effort. America Is a great coun
try and Australia Is growing fast. I^et us
make the commerce of the Southern Seas
ours and it will pour wealth untold Into
California.*'
T.artlPF' tallor-madf rotts. Fur rap<»s. cloaks,
credit. M. Rothschild. 11l Slitter st.. r. « and 7.
Wills Filed For Probate.
The will of Martin Nolan, who died on
the 18th Inst.. was filed for probate yes
terday. Decedent's estate Is valued at
$100,000. The use of the estate is granted
the widow. Mrs. Bridget Nolan, during I
her lifetime, and at her death is to be
divided among four daughters. Mrs. Wini
fred A. Rimlinger, Mrs. Nellie F. Miller,
Mrs. Mary A. Glynn and Mrs. Sarah J.
The will of Lawrence Cunningham, late
cashier of the firm of Shea, Bocqueraz
& Co . who died on the 19th inst.. was
also filed. Following arc the bequests:
To Mrs. Mary Sheahy. a sister, $2500; Mrs.
Mary Hupsey. a widow, S',oo: St. Dom
inic's Church. $100; Father M. D. Con
nolly, $100- Father Flood. $100: Father
Maraschi. $100: Father Crowley. $100; to
Archbishop Riordan, for a Catholic Home
for Old People, $100; for the cathedral,
HON. J. D. CONNELLY,
$100; for the residence of cathedral
• . $100; for his private use, $200; to
tiie Sisters of the Holy Family, $100; to
th( Society of St. Vincent ue Paul. $100;
to the Catholic Orphan Asylum of San
Francisco. $100; to the Catnolic Orphan
Asylum of San Rafael. $100; to the San
Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum,
$100. The residue of the estate is be
queathed to the widow, Mrs. Kate Cun
ningham. _______________
INTERESTING TALK
WITH AN INVENTOR
Mechanical Device That Will Ere
Long Revolutionize Old
Methods.
"I'nerring mechanism is gradually
replacing older, slower and less relia
ble methods in the bank, the office and
tn" shop," said George W. Maxwell, the
inventor and manager, to a Call re
porter yesterday while explaining the
new mechanical city directory now be
ing introduced in this city, and for
which he has just received a patent.
It consists of a series of rollers within
an attractive case, little larger than
the ordinary directory.
A long sheet of paper containing a
complete directory of the city runs over
the roller, and is operated by a handle. I
One feature alone commends the use
of this admirable invention. This is j
a revolving supplement, containing all
th changes, removals and new names
monthly occurring in the entire city.
This supplement also acts as an index
to the directory, and operates in con
junction with the main directory un%
erringly. For instance, you want to
find the name of Jones. You turn the
supplement, or index, to J, and in a
trice th- name of Jones appears below
ii r i the main body of the directory.
Should, however, Mr. Jones have moved
you will see before your eyes in the
supplement his new address, while his
old address is also recorded below. The
same movement which brings the name
desired into view exposes simultaneous
ly his change of residence or new ad
dress in the monthly supplement.
A vital defect of the book directories
in that a large number of people move
just after the directory canvass is
made, resulting in their address being
wrong year after year.
When you move, all that is necessary
is to telephone or send a postal to t!ie
office and the change will app^a^ in the
new monthly supplement. What the
monthly magazine is to the daily paper
so is the old book directory to the new
system.
Mr. Maxwell was for several years
the publisher of Maxwell's Ljs Angeles
Directory, recognized as one of the best
in the I'nited States. The present work
is published by the San -Francisco Me
chanical Directory Company, 508 Clay
■
"We have just completed,'" remarked
Mr. Maxwell, "an exhaustive canvass
of the city. We have met witn grati
fying success; nearly every Important
institution in the city having sub
scribed."
COLLEGE MUSICIANS.
The Berkeley Glee Club Will Give
Fifteen Concerts in the State.
The p\ro, mandolin and banjo clubs of
the University of California will leave to
morrow on their southern tour, for the
purpose of giving holiday concerts. The
boys are In great shape this season, and
they expect to make a name for them-
Belvefl as musicians. In all the clubs will
give fifteen concerts, under the auspices
of the swell society people of each place
where they appear. The points that will
be made by the club are: San Jose, Santa
Cruz, Santa Barbara. Santa Ana, River
and L.os Angeles. There are thirty
members in the clubs this season. W. W.
Davis is the leader of the glee and A. W.
Black of the mandolin and banjo clubs
The soloists are: A. H. Cogswell, bary
tone: E. G. Custer. cello; C. B. Paroells
violin; Clarke Briggs, pianist; G. B. New
ton, monologist.
McGLADE IS BASHFUL.
Brought Before Judge Carroll Cook,
but Refused to Enter a .riea.
Peter W. McGlade, former bookkeeper
for Superintendent of Streets Ambrose,
was arraigned before Judge Carroll Cook
yesterday morning on the indictment of
the Grand Jury charging him with forg
ing a number of warrants. One week a
time was given him In which to plead,
and his coontei, Patrick Reddy, an
nounced that at the proper time a motion
would be made for a reduction of the
bail. The present amount is $10,000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1898.
THE TURKEY
BIRO SERVED
FREE TO ALL
Salvation Army's Din
ner to the Poor.
MORE FOOD THANWAS NEEDED
AN UNEXPECTED SITUATION
DEVELOPS.
Preparations Were Made to x'eed
Three Thousand Hungry Peo
ple, but Only Half That
Number Appeared.
Twelve hundred pounds of the bird for
•which the American people give thanks.
500 pounds of ehoioe cuts of beef, 700
loaves of bread and 1000 pies.
This was the Christmas offering of the
Salvation Army to the unfortunates of
San Francisco who depended upon char
ity for their Christmas dinner.
It was the expectation of the army
that there would be the usual demand
upon their resources. In other words,
that It would be necessary to attend to
the wants of about three thousand people.
The food was cooked and served in ad
mirable shape. The turkey was tender
and juicy and the accompanying dish' s
all that could be expected. It goes with
out saying that these good things were
thoroughly appreciated by those who par
took of the hospitality of the army, but
there was a surprise in store for the
management.
The tables were set to accommodate 503
at each sitting and the first two tables
were well filled, but the third was scat
tering and only about 1500 guests were
entertained instead of the oO<x» that were
expected.
"We can only account for the remark
able falling off in the attendance on our
Christmas dinner on the ground that
there is less real distress this year than
in preceding years," said Lieutenant
Colonel Evans, commanding the Salvation
Army forces of the Pacific Coast. "We
prepared for the usual number, but much
to our gratification they did not appear.
The result is that we will have a large
quantity of food to distribute among
those who could not come to our tables.
The food will be put up in baskets and
sent around to places where it will do
the most good.
"The people we served this time were
the most orderly we have come in con
tact with. There was no noise or con
fusion, and we are duly happy over the
result.
"To-morrow we will perform a similar
service for the deserving- in Oakland. At
the same time our forces are attending
to the needs of the poor in Sacramento.
San Jose. I-os Angeles. Fresno and other
important towns. The Salvation Army
under my supervision on this coast will
furnish dinner to ten thousand people,
and the army throughout the ( United
States will give cheer to an army of 80,000
people with good appetites.
"It appears, much to our satisfaction,
that there is less need in this city than in
former years. It has been suggested that
the falling off in attendance is due to the
alleged fact that the. Christmas dinner
was not so widely advertised as formerly,
but after looking at the class of people
that have partaken of our hospitality I
am not inclined to accept that explana-
tion.
"To those good, generous people who
have made it possible for the Salvation
Army to extend this charity to the worthy
poor we extend our most heartfelt, thanks.
May the good work go on as successfully
as it has in the .past."
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 3017-1033 Mission.
PISTOL ESI FILES SUIT.
Court Asked to Compel che Count of
Votes Given. Him.
On behalf of L. C. Plstolesi Judge
Belcher yesterday issued an alternate
writ of mandate compelling the Board of
Election Commissioners to immediately
count tlie votes received by Pistolesl for
the office <>f Superior Judge for the un
expired term, or to show cause at 10 a. m.
on the 27th inst. why the same has not
been dene.
The Election Commissioners, following
the advice of Attorney Garret McEner
ney, refused to count the votes for the
unexpired term, and in event the court
compels such a count Pistolesi will have
but little time to enjoy the office he
covets.
An Absolute Specific
For dandruff, itching scalp and falling
hair is Smith's Dandruff Pomade. Sam
ple free. Address Smith Bros., Fresno,
Cal. •
An Oriental's Christmas.
Wong Kin. Chinese clerk in the Postof
fice. was presented yesterday by his fel
low employes with an elegant umbrella as
a Christmas present. Wong is a Christian
and can sing hymns by the yard. He is
very popular with his colaborerß on ac
count of his obliging disposition.
LIVELY TIMES
ON THE MAIL
COMPANY'S DOCK
City of Panama and
Gaelic Sailed.
A BIG RUSH TO SEE HOBSON
EX-STATE POLICEMAN R. CORDS
WANTS OVERTIME.
Worked More Than Eight Hours a
Day on the Front and Thinks
He Should Be Paid
For It.
There was a busy time of it at the Mall
Dock yesterday. The City of Panama
was booked to sail for Central American
ports and the Gaelic for the Orient. There
was the usual rush to get passengers and
freight aboard, but it was considerably
after the sailing hour of the vessels be
fore they got away. As a general rule
each passenger has about iifty friends
down to see him or her off, but on this
occasion the contingent was swelled to
at least one hundred and fifty each, and
in consequence there was very little spare
room on the wharf.
The great majority of the curious crowd
was down to get a glimpse at Lieutenant
Hobson. That gentleman did not put in
an appearance until the last moment, so
there was no opportunity for farewell
kisses. Once he got aboard he went on
the bridge with Captain Finch and Pilot
Meyer and remained there until the vessel
had passed out through the Golden Gate.
As the Gaelic passed along the front a
number of tugs and steamers whistled
a good-by and each time the Gaelic an
swered it was Hobson who pulled the
string.
The Gaelic will probably reach Honolulu
on Friday next, arriving aKout the
same time, if not before, the City of
Peking, which left here Friday night. The
steamer there first will secure the dock
and will, of course, be first away. If it
should be the Gaelic her passengers will
easily be first to Hongkong. From Hong
kong Lieutenant Hobson goes to Manila
to see if any of the Spanish fleet de
stroyed by Admiral Dewey can be raised
and repaired.
The British ship Matterhorn had a hard
time of it getting from Portland to As
toria. She is laden with wheat, and
owing to tin- low state of the water in the
Columbia river it took her six days to
get from one purl to the other. The last
time she stuck on a mud bank it was
found necessary tn lighter some of the
cargo before she could be got off.
George White, collector for the Harbor
Commission at Howard-street wharf, was
taken .suddenly ill yesterday afternoon. {
He was removed to the Harbor Receiving
Hospital, where Dr. Fitzgibbon attended
to him. In the evening he was so far
recovered as to be able to go to his home.
Reinsurance on the British ship Celtic
Bard, now out 96 days from Hongkong for
British Columbia, has advanced to :>m per
cerit. On the Caradoc, 80 days out from
Hlogo, Japan, for Puget Sound, 70 per cent
is being paid, and on the Prince Edward,
16Ti days out from Philadelphia for Hono
lulu, 5 per cent. No reinsurance can be
had on the Laurelbank, and she is now
gjven up as lost.
The coasting stearfler Pasadena is tied
up at Eureka with her machinery dam
aged. Her condenser tubes have been sent
here to be ntinned ami other repairs will
keep her at the dock until the lirst week
in January-
The crew from the revenue cutter Rush
was landed at California City yesterday
and given a couple of hours' drill by the
officers of the vessel.
Robert Cords, an ex-State policeman in
the employ of the Harbor Commissioners,
has filed a claim for $1175 with that body
for extra pay. Cords was employed along
the water front from i-:'.". to 1898, and dur
ing that time he says he worked 470 days
overtime. As there is a State law which
makes eight hours a day and six days a
week the legal length of time a man can
be compelled to work. Cords thinks he is
entitled to the extra pay for his over
time.
QUARTZ NOW BEING
MINED AT DAWSON
P. H. MILLER ARRIVES FROM
THE FAMOUS GOLD FIELDS.
Valuable Mines Have Been Discov
ered, but There Is a Lack of
.machinery to Work
fhe Ore.
P. H. Miller, who has large mining: in
terests in Daweon City, arrived in this
city yesterday and reports everything well
in the frozen regions of the north. Inci
dentally he finds an agreeable difference
in climatic conditions.
Air. Miller is interested in several claims
on Little Bonanza Creek, about three miles
from Dawson. and is the discoverer of a
quartz mine which is supposed to be on
the mother lode. The quartz taken out
is worth from $SOO to $2600 per ton. Tne
drift Is all through soft limestone, and
the" miners are enabled to make from
three to six feet per day, and while a
large quantity of ore has been taken out
none of it lias been worked, as there is
not a stamp-mill or smelter in L>awson.
Mr. Miller represents a number of miners
who are working quartz claims, and was
delegated by them to purchase two
stamp mills and a smelter, which -will be
shipped to Dawson as soon as possible.
Like all others who have mined in the
Northwest Territory. Mr. Miller rails bit
terly at the officials of the Canadian Gov
ernment, who. according to his statement,
want to take everything in sight and a
little more if possible. These officials
make their own assays, and charge a 10
per cent royalty besides. Then there is
a duty to be paid the Canadian Govern
ment "for all goods shipped out. and an
other duty to be paid the United States
Government for all shipped into this coun
try. This puts miners in an unpleasant
position. There are no quartz mills, and
with all these duties it is impossible to
ship quartz at profitable rates, and there
are tons of it waiting to be worked. Daw
son now has a municipal government, and
it Is expected that this will bring about
a better state of things. There were forty
representatives of the Canadian Govern
ment in the city last year, and they were
classed by the miners as "Northern Chi
namen," as the most opprobious title that
could be bestowed upon them.
The opening of these quartz mines
means a new lease of life to the whole
district. Placer mines soon play out,
and the men who are working the
placers belong to a class which is not con
tent to wait and work; they want to get
a fortune quick and get out. On the other
hand the quartz mines are being taken up
by men of energy and ability, whose stay
ing qualities will stand the test of a long
season of work for comparatively small
returns if a good steady income is as
sured as a final result. These are the men
who are staying in Dawson; the others
are getting out.
There is plenty of food for the winter
season in and about Dawson now, and no
suffering is anticipated. The portion of
the city destroyed in the recent conflagra
tion 13 rapidly being rebuilt with more
substantial buildings than those de
stroyed.
A Blunder in an Indictment.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday sustained the domurrer to the
indictment against I. W. Bain and Grace
Allison, charged with using the mail 3 for
the purpose of swindling aged and ver
dant bachelors In quest or wives. The de
murrer was to the effect that the indict
ment charged each of the defendants with
the commission of more than three of
fenses named in section 5480 of the Re
vised Statutes. Judge de Haven said that
the defect could be cured by a new in
dictment. He therefore ordered the
charges to be resubmitted to the Grand
Jury and a new indictment to be filed, in
the meanwhile holding the defendants to
answer on the bail bonds already fur
nished.
. ♦ ■
VERNER'S ODD EXPERIENCE.
Rockford. Man Who Beceives Verbal
Messages From Unseen People.
Axel Verner of Rockford, 111., is a man
who has had queer vision?. When he read
In the Sunday Inter Ocean of last week
of the strange dreams and visions that
have come to Chicago people, he sat
down and wrote the story of similar oc
currences in his own experiences. Unlike
most dreamers, Mr. Verner refuses to be
lieve that there is anything supernatural
in his second sight, and is trying to de
cide upon a scientific explanation. At all
times, waking and sleeping, Verner hears
voices whispering in his ear. Sometimes
they are gentle and low and persuasive.
At other times they are jarring and harsh,
commanding him to do some particular
thing. Sometimes they reveal secrets to
him.
The voices began about five years ago,
and have driven Verner almost to insan
ity. He believes they result from a sort of
telepathy, and that friends and enemies
resort to this method of speaking to mm
or influencing him. For example, he says:
"My wife once bought some goods at a
store, but said nothing to me about it. A
ffw days afterward I said to my wife:
"I had such a queer dream — that you owe
$t; at 's store.' 'Yes,' she answered, 'I
do. Mrs. P. wanted me to buy something
and I had no money with me.' Now, I
think," continues Verner, in Swedish id
iom, "that the same power works both
sides. The power pushed my wife to take
the goods and then gave me the dream.
"Once," Verner says, "I saw Christ
hanging on the cross, and at the same
time I heard the finest music and song.
Once I saw tramps sitting beside my bed.
and the voices told me that some time I
should be like that."
Verner claims that angels sometimes
visit him in a waking vision, and he is not
a little puzzled to find that thej* talk with
the voices of very common people. The
voices are those of a man and woman,
and they appear to come together. Some
times they say in unison. "I am God";
at other times. "I am the devil."
When Verner flrsi beard the voices five
years ago they said: "Listen to your
mother's voice. T.ator they said. "Listen
to the voice of your father." Verm-r s
father la living.
Verner is a shopkeeper, ana declares
that the voices have so distracted him he
is unable to attend his store and is losing
his customers in consequence.
THE BUILDING OF THE HOUSE.
Some Striking and Interesting Feat
ures of the City's Growth.
To one accustomed to walk abroad In
the neighborhood where he lives the
building of new houses here and there
in certain to be of interest. Suppose, for
Instance, the construction of some great
apartment house comes und'T his eve
He sees some, day men set up " lot Of rock
drills on a spot of ground that he has
often passed, and from the moment tney
begin to pound labor there never ceases.
When the drills have pone other men put
in the foundations, and gradually the
building is reared, the frame and the
walls, with activity about it always. The
time comes at last when the walls are up
and the roof is on, and then there comes
:i period in which for a time progress
seems suspended, but that is only because
work is at such a stage that the workers
are no longer visible: they are inside now,
engaged upon the finishing and putting in
the various fittings.
It may be that the man who saw the
drills placed and the great building
M:irted and carried near to completion
sees nothing of it for a month; then,
passing this way again, and after night
fall, he sees it lighted in every story and
all around. Curtains of lace hanging
now at the windows; chandeliers within
glowing with lights. At the entrance a
glimpse of a spacious marble hall, bril
liantly illuminated; a liveried hallman at
the door. The great house is finished
and peopled; and what a wonderful
change from the day the drills were set
up on the vacant land.
And one can scarcely help wondering
where all the people come from to fill it,
for this is a costly building, fitted with
every appliance of luxury as well as com
fort, find only people of good incomes can
afford to live in it. But such houses are
built in numbers, and as fast as they
are finished the tenants come, apparent
ly, just as they do for the lower priori
apartments and flats everywhere build
ing.
And of scarcely, if any, less Interest is
it to see the private houses go up in
scores, and at all sorts of prices, from
houses at comparatively low figures up
to houses, many of them, of large cost.
Here, again, one is almost inclined to
wonder where all the people come from
who can afford to buy or hire these fine
houses. They help to give one some idea
of the city's growth in wealth as well as
population.— New York Sun.
Sources of Tin.
The tin used on the tin plate industry
comes from several sources. The best
of these is found in Australia and the
Straits Settlements. The latter furnish
the most desirable tin, known as Banca
tin. This is regarded as the purest, and
is in consequence more sought after by
the manufacturers of tin plate. The
Cornwall mines were disco%-ered about 55
B. C, and for twelve centuries were the
one source of this mineral. In 1240 tin
was found In Bohemia. Five hundred
years later, in 1760, the Banca mines were
opened. In the following century Aus
tralia became a" producer of block tin on
a large scale. From 1572 tin has been
found In commercial quantities in New
South Wales, Queensland and Tasmania.
The United States has not been so for
tunate, although many attempts have
been made from time to time to find tin.
Tin was discovered in California as early
as 1840, but there was no mining done un
til 1868. Only for a short time were the
mines operated; they were then closed
clown, and remained so until 1888. In this
year an American company bought the
property with the Intention of operating,
but It was sold to an English syndicate
before two years had passed. Something
like $800,000 was spent, but no special re
sults were secured. The total product of
the mine was 269,000 pounds of tin, valued
at $56,000. The Harney Peak Mine is the
story of another futile attempt to get
tin in commercial quantities. The Har
ney Peak, as it is familiarly called, is sit
uated near Custer City, S. D. A great
deal of money has been spent In the de
velopment of this mine, but it is doubtful
If more than ten tons of metal have been
taken out of the ground. The English
capitalists were also heavily interested in
this attempt. In Alabama, North Caro
lina and Virginia tin bearing rock has
been found. In no sense can th*» United
States be regarded as a tin-producing
country.— Yale Review.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENfFREEffIMEN
The State Medical Irstituta Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute. Fort Wayne, lnd. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness, resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success
in all cases. A request to the State Med-
ical Institute, 193 First National Bank
building, Fort Wayne. lnd., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
is desirous of reaching that great class
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them tf -cc how easy it is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requeated to write without delay.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WELL PEOPLE HAVE
HEALTHY KIDNEYS.
What a New Discovery in Medical Science Proves.
THE WORK YOUR KIDNEYS HAVE TO DO.
The Discoverer of Swamp- Root at Work in His Laboratory.
SWAMP-ROOT Is the Great Remedy for Kidney, Bladder
ard Uric Acicf Troubles — To Prove for Yourself Its
Wondsrful Merits, You May Have a Sample Bottle Sent
Absolute y FREE by Mail,
You can waste health without know-
ing it, and poor health almost always
begins in the kidneys.
The most important organs of the
whole body are the kidneys.
They filter your blood and keep it
pure.
People are apt to believe that kidney
disease is rather a rare disease, but re-
cent discoveries have proved that it is
a most common trouble indeed.
And the proof of this is, that most
diseases, perhaps 85 per cent, are
caused in the beginning by disorders of
the kidneys.
You can't be sick if your blood is
pure, free from kidney poison and dis-
ease-breeding germs.
Your kidneys should keep it so. That's
what they are there for. Aid as long
as they are well they perform their du-
ties with thoroughness and dispatch.
You are well when your kidneys are.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great
kidney remedy, will make your kidneys
well when they are sick.
Kidney trouble often comes from
overwork or overexertion. From ex-
posing them to cold and other weaken-
ing influences, from lifting or a strain,
worrying. From overeating or over-
drinking. All these things weaken
your kidneys and poisonous germs be-
gin to creep into your blood.
Moet &
Cl?andon
(Largest and Oldest Champagne
House in the World).
WHITE SEAL (Grande Cuvee) is
unsurpassed in quality, dry-ness and
flavor NEW YORK TIMES.
Use 09^ -
Facial Soap 5^ y Facial Cream. \
Age, Illness, Care cause Wrinkles. Derma- j
tologist JOHN H. WOODBURY. 127 West 42d
St., N. T. t 163 State St.. Chicago, has had over
26 years' practical experience removing Wrin-
kles, Crow's Feet, etc. No pain.
THE
Children's Hospital
INVITES th 6 attention of the public to
INVITES of attention the public to
the need of IMMEDIATE and SUB- j
STANTIAL DONATIONS if the institu- !
tion is to be kept . open. The "Hospital
for Children and Training School for
Nurses" is in desperate circumstances. |
During the past year there has been no i
public entertainment given for '• this \
worthy charity, and because of the gen-
eral interest of the people in Red Cross
work and needs of soldiers the hospital
has received but little private help.
DO NOT FORGET
THE SICK CHILDREN.
DONATIONS of groceries, linen, cloth-
ing, fuel, drugs, etc.. WILL BE SENT
FOR at any time designated. Donations
received at
COULTER BROTHERS,
227 Sntter Street. i
• jO^SS^. ■ *" )r- Won Him, Nos.
JSbsSOMS^ 115 and 117 Mason street,
1 BBV* M *Qn an Francisco, Col. — This |
W3g£ » is to certify that I have ;
Tps»«l»^ I been for several years
■S/ A x it . a ■ great sufferer from
SjSyfitv j Bright's Disease of the
• ASv^T* I * Kidneys, a, tumor in the
IvKw,. / lo:t side and other dls-
ilftw^*'^ te»- eases : incidental to fe-
•^SHffii^_ — <ijflKr l males; that I have for
*^!r ;? ¥ ■jS&i&KBr weeks and months at a'■
**iHtO!B*kaß* tune been totally unable j
to attend, to my domestic affairs, and much of
the time confined to the bed. Nothing could
be done for me that afforded more . than tempo-
rary relief. About three months ago I was ad-
vised to place myself under your treatment.
On my. first interview, after feeling my pulse, ■
you described my condition more accurately
than I * could - have done ■ myself. After . using
your, medicine and following your advice since
that time I am very happy to say I have en-
tirely recovered .my health; am fully able to
fulfill all my duties as . t.he mother of a large
family of children; Indeed, for the past 15 or 20
years I•. have :. not ■ enjoyed as robust ■' health.
MRS. HETTIK E. LOWE.
. 3871 24th street, -San Francisco, Cal. .
October 18.' 1593.
HDL BALL'S REIN VIGOR ATOR
i. Five hundred reward for any case '
we cannot cure. This secret remedy i
tops all losses ] in , 24 hours, .: cures |
Emissions, Impotency, Varicocele. '
Conorrhoea. Gleet, Fits. Strictures."
Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed, s2 bottle: 3 bottles, guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 . Broadway, Oakland.' Cal. Also
' for sale at . 1073H Market at.. S. -F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for Ire* book.
It is at just such times that Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root is needed.
When your kidneys are not doing
their work, the symptoms which prove;
it to you are backache, headache, sedi-
ment in the urine, scalding irritation 1
in passing it, obliged to go often dur-
ing the day and to tret up many times
at night: dizziness, irregular heart,
bladder or uric acid troubles, rheuma-
tism, neuralgia, sleeplessness, nervous-
ness, irritability, sallow .complexion,
bloating, dropsy, tired feeling, loss of
energy and ambition.
Swamp-Root is a vegetable remedy, ;
the great discovery of Dr. Kilmer (the;
eminent kidney and bladder specialist),
and has truly marvelous restorative
powers over the kidneys.
You can set your whole system right:
with Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root.
The best proof of this is a trial, and
nothing could be fairer than the offer
to send a sample of this great discov-
ery for trial absolutely free to any ad-
dress.
To get the sample and a hook that
tells more about this interesting sub-|
ject, write to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Blng-'
hamton. N. V., and mention that you)
read this liherpl offer In the San Fran-!
Cisco Sunday Call.
If you are already convinced that
Bwamp-Root is what you need, you can.
purchase the regular 50-cent or"$l sizes
at the drug stores.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— THE
Helvetia Swiss Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. GALL. SWITZERLAND, ON THBJi
31st day of December, A. D. 1897, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to thai
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner. -,
ASSETS. . . '!""
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $649,362 58,
Cash in company's office 41 85;
Cash in banks 117.616 31
Interest due and accrued on all j
stocks and loans 3.616 68
Premiums in due course of collection 73,133 SO'
Total assets $843,677 73
LIABILITIES. :
Losses adjusted and unpaid $5,733 54
Losses In process of adjustment or '
in suspense 17,007 00
Losses resisted, including expenses.: 6,303 95
Gross premiums on fire risks run- i
ning one year or less, $303,750 28; !
reinsurance 50 per cent 152,875 14
Gross premiums on fire risks " run- J
ning more than one year, $50,761 12: " !
reinsurance pro rata....... 30,563 7«j
Due and accrued for salaries, rents. •
etc - 19 «
All other demands against the com- |
pany • •••' 30,017 8$
Total liabilities $251,530 89
I INCOME. i
Net cash actually received for fire ■
premiums ••• ••■ $346,046 94
Received for Interest and dividends j
on bonds, stocks, loans . and from
all other sources 22,738 83
Total in<r>me $368,783 7»|
EXPENDITURES. j
Net amount paid for fire losses (In- I
eluding $15,702 64, losses of previous '
years) .-••'-. $93,621 oft
Paid •or aiiowed for commission or j
brokerage .............:.... 82,837 19
Paid for salaries, fees and other • ■ ■ ;
charges for officers, clerks, etc — . • 1.835 0t
Paid for State, national and local (
taxes ••*• • 4.913 13,
All other payments and expendi-
tures .........: 14,008 a;
' Total expenditures.... $203,564 11
Fire. •!
Losses Incurred during the year...... $120,263 71
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums,'
Net amount of risks writ- »
ten during the year.... $46,567,203 $456,581 U
Net amount of risks ex- ■ .1
pired during the year.. *1,500,058 318,371 ltt
Net amount i In force De- •
cember 31. 1897 ...... 36.055,649 356. 511 40
~" ELIJAH R. KENNEDY. |
. . Of Weed & Kennedy,
•United States Managers. '
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 314
day of February, 189 S. I
F. FISHBECK, Notary Public.
SYZ & CO,,
. General Agents, ;
301 California Street.
.. SAN FRANCISCO. . .
.
P--' . CMeheater'* English Diamond Brand. ": > j
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-<K*V Original and Only Genuine. ■ A- '
jr/zTi^vS B«ri, tlwtj* roliable. ladies *ik «T\
frA\ liiiM Druggist toT'Chiehester • £>.-jIt«» D'.a-ffSX^L
i^4jß*j«R\f»oni Brand la Red u>4 Hold mf till!c\\S3r
T-v —JTwWboirs. «»led with blue ribbon. Take VHT I
7*l 9^ *vj no Other. Jtefutt dangerw rubttitu- v ; I
I"/ ~ (WHom and imitation*. At Dragged, or •en44Uk
I W Jjf In itiunpa for particular!, tntimontali an<
'\ V* 0 " Relief for Ladles." in Irtfr, by return!
•AT If' Mail. 10,000 Testimonial!. M Pop™
~^— rCnl«HeitrrCaeailcalC«».,M*dl»o« R««i^:
tHi by Hi Local Dnicglsta. - . JPUILADA^ IS
78
NOTHING BUT
FIRST CHOICES
AT INGLESIDE
Zamar Proved the On
ly Disappointment.
H. MARTIN IN GREAT FORM
PILOTED FOUR OF THE WINNING
HORSES.
Daisy F Enjoyed Another Cake-Walk.
Cabrillo First in a Hard Drive.
Rey del Tierra Won the
Handicap.
The Saturday crowd at Ingleside. which,
by the way. was not B large one. experi
enced no difficulty In gathering up
"Vhrlptmrts money." Five heavily played
favorites trudged In llrst, making the
layers of odds actually sob. "Skeets"
Martin enjoyed himself and lined the
pockets of his followers with wealth by
piloting four of the winning horses.
The card throughout was a disappoint
ment. The Coßiffan colt Corsine began
operations b> taking the opening mile
run from an ordinary field. Ridden by
Devin, h«> was :i 7 to 10 favorite, and won
easily from McFarlane, a 9 to 1 shot.
The very useful mare Daisy F enjoyed a
Fort of cakewalk in the mile and a six
t» • iitii event. Three to five was offered
about her, and with Martin in the saddle
the daughter of Modesty galloped past the
wire two lengths ahead of First Call.
Lady Hurst was beaten but a neck for
the place.
The mile selliiiß affair looked like "oil
from the can" for Cabrillo, against which
the books Laid 1 to 2. Chiefly through
Martin s superb riding the bay mare was
enabled to besl Peter the Second a neck.-
Our Johnny which started out at a great
dip, Uted after going half the distance, j
ending up In third pfai a V
The only favorite to fall was Zamar, the
! to io choice tor the six furlong sprint.-;
fourth on the card. Honig's flyer could
J'.>t shake off Hniienzollern, the second
choli i . and .it tile flnfsh was beaten in a
canter by the Boots representative, i
Guilder, a 100 to 1 shot, led Juds:.- Stouffer
over the Sine a short head for the show.
Another six furlong dash served as an
opportunity for Ed Qartland to show his
«peeiL The Honig entry wan an odds on '
favorite, and after making the pace from ,
the outset won hands down from Main- ;
stay. Cyril took the show.
Four started in the mile and a quarter i
handicap, with Rey del Tierra ruling a j
pronounced favorite. Purser's horse was I
in front the entire route, and ridden out
at the end finished something over two
lengths before Topmast in 1:07%. tftstle
ton. the rank outsider, downed Morinel,
the second choice, for show honors.
Turf Notes.
Mat Storm started Horatio in the open
ing race and there was a large sized tip
out <m the chestnut horse. Down the I
etretch he became leg-weary and Spencer ;
became vry affectionate In his attentions
toward McFarlane, which horse was next i
the rafl. For this breech of turf t tiquette I
the elongated rider was suspended for I
thirty days. He will he allowed to ride !
for hJ od :• fill any stake en- I
garementa made for -Monday.
Judge Joe Murphy of Oakland track !
paid yesterday that he was in receipt of
a communication conveying th<' informa
tion that he had again been unanimously
elected secretary of the Fair Grounds \<»- i
Boclation of St. Louis. He was, of course
much pleased over the news.
J. J. Moran, a well-known Montana :
trainer and owner, arrived at Ingleside
— — — : . I
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE RACE TRACK, Saturday, Dec. 24, 1898.— Twenty-fourth
day of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather fir.c; track
good.
EiWIN F. SMITH. Presiding Judge.
JAMES F. CALDWELL, Starter.
409. ] ' IKST I'-ACE-One mile; all ai?es; purse. $400.
• I'
394 rsine. 2 95 6
379 McFarlane, 6 112 i
..; Horatio, 4 115 4
Jfi7 Jazehel, 4 112 2
391 Fellclte, 2 82 5
379 Ball verso. 3 M 3
379 Morana. 3 97! 8
250 Morah"lla. 8 . 97| 7
S 1
2 1
I h
4 1
7 4
8
- 2
1 h
2 >*
■4 '■>
3 1
6 4
78
8
3 2
1 %
2 1
5 2
4 4
a :
7 23
8
1 n
1 1
2 <i
4 1
5 1
6 3
7 30
S
j 1
11 Devln
2 2 Powell I
3 4 'Spencer I
4 :-.. Ellis
5 1 McNlchols ...
6 4 W. H. Martin
" 40 KJray j
8 Woods [
3-5 7-10
5 9
3 16-5
IB 100
5 10
20 80
20 40
40 100
Sera trhed— Gratify 112.
10. B ?S2E D CS ~ Ont * nd a sixteenth miles; selllns; three-year-olds and upward;
.. Horse. Age. Weight.
>t. BUL
Km. '.::!.
\m.
Str.
Fin.
l
■ ■ -
c
(357) Daisy F. 3 101 5
401 First call. 3. ...:.. .107 3
35S- Lady Hurst, 4 107 i
400 Frank Jaubert, 5..1041 2
881 Prince Biases, 3... .101 7
39S Lena, 4 107 6
399 Eventide. 5 1071 4
11.11 11 1» IMM^lg^j,]
Carroll's eh. tby 5-IS, :3Ts: 9-16 - 13-1G -t-w- miip ».j"»- sLond^nd $ hlrd T
c a
1 1
4 h
3 1
6 2
2 '-
4 1
1 1
3 i
6 3
_2_4_
2 2V,
1 2'.j
3 1
4 1
6 1
5 2
2 4
1 h
3 4
4 2
€ 20
T
1 2
2 2
3 4
4 1
6 40
5 4
1 2 j
2 M
1 10 !
4 1
5 1
I 50 ,
7 I
■_ — - . _  : .
: "~ — ■ ■■ ■ ■■ ■ ■ i -. . . . , . ..... .
||^ THIRD RACE-One mile; BCtUac; : Tr^^r-olds and upward; purs-
Bone. Age. Weight. :
Jockeys.
I Bel
iOp.
t4m.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
846 Cabrlllo, 6 117 l
»8 Peter 11, 6 122 3
354 Our Johnny, 4 117 : E
355 Hazard, 0. ,.»..., 114 4'
3W Cherrystone. 6 117 2
404 Lomo, 4- 114j 6
21 2 4
6 'i 4 h .
11 1 24 '
6 • • 6 .
4h 3 h
34 51
1 2
3 4
!■ 1
5 4
4 h
6
1 1
2 n
3 4
4 4
I 3
6
1 n H. Martin....! 1-2 1-2
2 2 [Spencer j 4 7
3 s L. Reiff 4 s-2
410 H. Shields....! 20 30
5 2 J. McCarthy..! 30 100
I Hacklrn ■ 20 30
-
■ .c-'iVU^i/"- ■ "" ™» nn]£ b»ew out .
12.
rOURTH HA.K-Slx furlongs; selling: thm»-y«ar-olds and upward: purse, two.
' Horse. Age. Weight.
*<m.
Str.
tin*.
Cl.
.Tookpyp.
iSiitt ::: ■*•■■£■: ifiElH
w.aruyjft.a > a f y a rff l a a wftik - judKe
•:;
13.
FIFTH RACE -Six furlongs; gelling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. J4OO.
Ham. Age. Weight.;
Hm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys, 'j
H. Martin... 7.
Spencer .......
■ ::: S h 6 • • |™— ::: s »
aos±fr^ : &?-\&Ji L & STriv^" H°nlß<BH ° nlß<B Wk - *by '™- Albert-Pla,^
Bel^o r t^a B m^n y %^X ay """ ° f £ ****** lOOkB We "' »" d m ' de a fln < lowing.
Bcratched— Mldllght 109. Highland Ball 105. Mocorito 98.
I «
1 3
2 2',
3 1
, s ;
4 h
6
8
1
3
4
6
1 4
' 2 1
3 4
4 3
5 6
6
1 S
2 I
3 4
4 6
E 3
«
V Turner
H. Shreld»....
G. Wilson
riovu
uevln
1 ■ 1
6 1!
2 13-5
.6 8
5 12
20 60
■ ■
rI4. s SI -° ne ani * qUartCr m handicap: three-year-olds and upward;
: . — : : ■' ■ -
. Horsp. Age. Weight.
Bay del Tierra. 4...
Topmast, 4 ]
MlstiMon. 3
Morlnel. 3 1
1 If
7 3
) X
> ;
" 1 1
4
3 4
1 ns
M 4.
Hm. Mm.
1 2
8 1
4
: h
i i
4
%m.
if
33
4
Str.
1 V.i
li .
•34
.4
Fin.
! 2>-
{ft
3 5 I
4 1
, , i Betting.
Jockeys. Qp. ■ g.
H. Martin l i
Turner ....... 5-2 J
MeXlchols ... 15 60
the* P on elriy™ "*' goOdi " Topmast late In getting up. Morlnel "threw up
I yesterday with Grand Sachem. Kootenai
and five other useful perfortJMiM.
Andy Blakelcy has secured a lease, from
Charles Boots of Hc/ienzollern. Vinoitor
and Peter 11. They are all capable of
winning and will be heard from in the
East when the season is over here
The Official Form Book, containing all
! the races run at both tracks, was issued
| again yesterday. It is invaluable to stu
i dents of form."
There is a grand "kick" over the gen
tlemen's race, down for decision to-mor
row. Two or three of the riders complain
of the weight being raised to 170 pounds,
contrary to all racing rules, simply to
permit of Mr. Hobart riding. W. B. Sink
Jr. said that if Mr. Hobart wanted the
cup so badly, why. the association ought
to present it to that gentleman and be
done with the whole thing.
JOCKEY CLUB STAKES.
List of Nominations and Dates Set
for Deciding the Same.
The California Jockey Club yesterday
announced the following large list of en
tries for the stakes to be run in the near
future and the dates set for the deciding
of the same:
$1260. trie Follansbee handicap, a high-weight
handicap for two-year-olds and upward,
sevqn furlongs, Saturday, January »r-
San Venado, Reina de Cuba, Liber
tin.-, Olimhus, Bellicose, Festoi-o, Rosor
tnondf, First Tenor, Gauntlet. Humidity, Kddie
Jones, Napamax, Colonel Wheeler, Recreation,
Osculation. G. B. Morris. Colonial D«me, Hor
atio, Hugh Penny, Mary Black. Paul Grißgß.
Espionage. Maud Ferguson, Fred G, terrier,
Free Lady, What'er Lou. Bentloran, Ventoro,
Saintly, Lapenltente, t'ampus. Kubieon, Bali
verso, Nuncomar, Rear Admiral, Ramiro,
Rainier, Ostler Joe. Montanus, Ballista, Henry
C, Elizabeth R, John Farley. Rosebeau, Good
Hope, Formero, Rio Chico, Valencienne, lill
berto. Golden Link. The Pride.
lISOU. the Pacific- Union stakes, for two-year-
Olds and upward, one mile and a furlong, Sat
urday, February 4— San Venado, Rpy u»l Hio.
Fleming, Ollnthus. First Tenor, Gauntlet, Hu
midity, Eddie Jones, Napamax. Recreation,
Colonel Wheeler, Won't Dance, Geyser, K'lsl
nante. Bernardillo, St. Apollinaris, Tenebrae,
Rey del Bandldus. Daisy P, Topmast, Scar
borough, Hugh Penny, Don Quixote, Paul
Grlggs, Survivor, Merops, Ledaea, Maud Fer
guson, Briar Sweet, Hendora.n, Ventoro, Storm
King, Free Lady, Ramiro, What'er Lou, Rain
ier, Baby Kinr. Elizabeth R, John Farley, Tom
Cromwell, Rulnart, Illinois, Miss Marlon, Rose
beau, Formero, Boanlnuin, Torslda, Fleur de
Lis. Morelllto. Morlnel, G. B. Morris.
$30(10, the Thornton stakes, for horses that
will be three-year-olds and upward at the time
the race is to be run, four miles. Wednesday,
Feburary 22 - < «. B. Morris, Won't I 'nine. Sar
donic, Brltomartls, Jingle Jingle, Bernardino,
Twinkle Twink, Porte, Md'ryor, Robert Ilon
ner, Vincltor, Tempo, Reolia, U ranger. Wheel
of Fortune, What'er Lou. Tennen. Huckwa,
Key del Bandidos, Dunois, Mldlan. Tim, Yeloz.
$i:>'»>, the Gunst stakes, for two-year-olds and
upward?, entrance $10, $25 additional, mile and
a Quarter. Saturday. February B— La CJoleta,
Los Medanos. Fleming. Fir-st T^nor. Gauntlet,
Humidity. Eddie Jones, Napamax, Recreation.
Colonel Wheeler. Bellicoao, Our Johnny. Top
mast, Kelvin Hurnham. Tenebrae, Jingle Jin
gle, St Apolllnari*. Roainante, Rernnrdillo,
G. B. Morris, Adolph Spreckels, Geyser, The
Bachelor. Scarborough, Surv,\ r, MeropS, Le
daeH. Espionage, Tempo. Ferrier, Byron Cross,
I'arthermix, Ramiro, Rainier, Ftuekwa. R<> del
Bandidos, Ostler Joe. Baby King. Henry C;
Tom Cromwell, John Farley, Rulnart, Dunoii,
Bliss Marion, i'lm. Formero, Boaraman, r ieur
da LtS, Morellito. Morinel.
tISOO, the hlflflHir stakes, for three-ye.i:
(foals of is9ti), one mile, Saturday. March
4 — San Venado. Retna de Los Angeles.
Daira, C X, Olinthus, FestOSO, Fiero, Fermo,
First Tenor. Humidity. Gauntlet. Mldlove,
Hanewor. Bonnie lone. Britomartis. Tenebrae,
Jiii-:i. JmKlc Carter H. Harris >n Jr.. Conine,
Uerops, Senora Caesar. Maul FerKUs.m,
Romany, ornionde-Marllee (b. f-. 8), Anchored.
Ventoro, Saintly, Laponitente, Campus, Xilgar.
Headwater. Bryon Cross. Rear Admiral, Cas
■lale, I,oyalirta, Rainier. Baby King. Elizabeth
R, John Farley. Cold Standard. Miss Marlon.
Rosebeau, Formero, Rio Chlco, Boaniman,
Llmewater, Gllberto, The Pride, Golden Link,
Horton.
$16,000, the Burns handicap, a handicap for
two-year-olds and upward, one mile and a
?iuarter, Saturday. March 25— First Tenor,
iauntlet. Humidity. Xapaniax. Recreation.
Edille Junes, Colonel Wheeler. A Hamas, Los
Medanos, La Goleta, Don Vallejo. Bclllcoso,
Rosnrmnnde. Fleming, Hiero, Osculation. Top
mast. St. Apollinaris, Violence. Jintde Jingle,
Tenebrae, Rosinante. Bernardino. Our Johnny,
G. B. Morris, Won't nance. Sardonic. Froh
man, Scarborough. David Tenny, Joe l.'llman.
Don Quixote. Espionage. Tempo, Flan. Maud
Ferguson, wheel of Fortune. Briar Sweet,
ran, Ventoro, Saintly, Storm Ktng, Ra
thiro, What'er Ixai. Grady. Rainier. Buck\\;i.
crurr.well, Rulnart. The Roman, Dun 'is. St.
Simnnian. Baby King. T.im CromwaQ, Sat-
F.uma, John Farley, Ostler Joe, Torslda. Lime
water. Miss Marion, Roseheau. I'lm, Schiller,
Formero. Boardmnn, Si«col, Morellito, Morinel,
Fleur de Li*. Gilberto.
S.HWI. the I'alace Hotel handicap, a handicap
for two-year-olds and upward, one mile and a
furlong, Saturday, April 1— San Venado, La
Goleta. Fleming, Olinthus, B<-Ilic<>f=.-i. Rosnr
monde. First Tenor. Gauntlet. Humidity. Kddle
Jones. Mapamax, Recreation. Colonel Wheeler,
Ritpldo. Topmast, Our Johnny, Rosinante. Ber
nardlllo. St. Apollinaris. Tenebra<\ Adotpta
Bpreckets, Won't Dance. Frohman. T)on Qutx
nte. Darfd Terny. Paul GrlgKß. Ksp^naee,
Maud Ferguson. Tempo. Wheel of Fortune,
Hcmioran, Saintly, Veptoro, Storm King. Kv.-n
THE SA3T FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1898.
tide. Ramiro, Casdale, What' er. Lou, Rainier,
Grady, Cromwell, Rey del Tierra. Ostler Jo«,
Baby King. Satsuma, Tom Cromwell, Rulnart,
Miss Marion, Rosebeau, ■ Formero, Boardman,
Flour de Lls, Morelllto, Morlnel.
$1500, t i Flood handicap, a handicap for
three-year-olds (foals of 1S9«), one mile and a
half, Saturday, April 22— Dalra, C X, Olinthus,
First Tenor, Gauntlet, Humidity, Merops.
Ledaea, Oratbee, Ventoro, Byron Cross, . Rain
ier, Elizabeth R, John Farley, Ulm, Formero,
Board man.
$1300, the Mclaughlin Belling stakes, for two
year-olds and upward, a mile and a sixteenth,
Thursday. April 27— La Goleta. Relna de Cuba,
Fleming:, Libertine, Fermo, First Tenor. Gaunt
let. Humidity, Eddie Jones, Napamax, R«cre
tlon, Colonel Wheeler, Topmast. St. Apol
linaris. Rosinante, Bernardino, Moringa, Ju
ntos. Indlo. Adolph Spreckels, The Bachelor,
£rnhman. Colonial Dame. Horatio. Hugh
Fenny, Orion. Joe Ullman, Judge Wofford. Paul
i.rlggs. David Denny, -Espionage, Maud Fergu
son, Flandes. Byron Cross, Storm King, Malay,
Free Lady, Parthemax, Eventide, Ramiro, Cas
dale, Rainier, Cromwell, Rey del Tierra, Ostler
Joe, Henry C. Satfuma, Tom Cromwell. Eliza
beth R. Cyril, First Call, Dunois. Rosebeau,
rim. Torstila. Rio Chlco. Boardman.
$12.'i0, the Rancho del Paso selling stakes, for
three-year-olds (foals of 1596). a mile and a fur
long, Saturday, April Retna de Los Ange
les,, La Goleta, Darla, C. X., Gauntlet, First
Tenor. Humidity; 1 ' Fiero, Fermo, St. Apollln
aris. Judge Wofford. Stamina, Survivor, Maud
Ferguson, Gilt Edge, Romany. Oraibee. Cam
pus, Headwater. ■ Byron Cross, Malay, Cas
dale, St. Isidor. Rainier. Elizabeth R, John
Farley, rim. Rosebeau. Boardman, Rio Chlco,
The Pride. Golden Link.
CHRISTMAS FARE
FOR PRESIDIO BOYS
SOME OF THE SOLDIERS PRE
PARE ELABORATE MENUS.
Battery E of the Third Artillery and
Troop M of the Fourth Cavalry
Vie With One Another in
Cuisine.
Christmas out at the Presidio to-day—
among some of the soldier boys at least —
will be marked by rare banqueting. The
chefs of some of the regiments have been
quietly vying with one another in order
to eclipse all previous spreads, and the re
sult presages ill for the leisure of the
doctors on the following day.
Following are two menus furnished by
Troop M, Fourth Cavalry, and Battery
E, Third United States Artillery, respec
tively:
TROOP M, FOURTH CAVALRY.
Squadron Soup.
RELISHES. .-.
Celery. Radishes.
ROASTS.
Young Turkey, Oyster Dressing Cran
berry Sauce.
Loin of Pork With Apple Sauce.
VEGETABLES.
Mashed Potatoes. Sugar Corn.
DESSERT.
Oranges. Apples. Nuts. Mince Pie. Apple Pie.
Jelly Cake. Fruit Cake.
Cafe Mocha. Chocolate.
Cigars. Cigarettes.
Under supervision of Chef Corporal McKenzle.
BATTERY E, THIRD UNITED BTATES AR
TILLERY.
Roast Turkey, Fruit Stuffing.
Cranberry Sauce.
Roast Suckling Pig, Gravy a la Francaise.
Roast Beef, Natural Gravy.
Baked Sweet Potatoes. Sweet Corn.
Mashed Potatoes. Green Peas.
Green Onions. Celery. Radishes
Crab Salad. - Potato Salad.
Pies: Mince. Lemon. Cranberry-
Custard: Green Apple.
Fruit. Jelly and Chocolate Cake.
Apples. Oranges. Bananas.
Candy. . . Nuts.
Chocolate. Coffee. Tea. Cheese.
Cigars.
Chef de Cuisine— Sergeant Rudolph F. Stampff.
Assistants— Privates Vice. Arth, Moss, Nallia.
Ruins.
Board of Trade's New Home.
The State Board of Trade will begin to
move into its new quarters in the ferry
building to-morrow. This move is a little
ahead of the time Intended by the man
agement of the bureau, but it had to be,
on account of the owners of the property
where the office now is— at 22 East street
wanting the building vacated on Tuesday.
The employes of the board have been
hard at work installing the exhibits in the
new place for the past month, and they
were not ready to move the office for a
week or so. When the office and exhibits
are fixed up it is believed that the board
will have the finest display of CaJifornia
products ever presented to the public
The location is of the best, as it will at
tract the attention of every arrival from
the East coming across the ferry.
. ♦ .
Daniel Tweedie Bankrupt.
Daniel Tweedie of thp Tweedie Bottling 1
Works of this city filed a petition in in
solvency yesterday in the Unlid States
District Court. He fixes his liabilities at
$1223 and his assets at $265.
ADVEBTISEMENTg
I WILL STOP THAT JT^I I
i PAIN IN A NIGHT! j§y§L }
I don't see why people will dose their stomachs with drugs for a pain which / /^HHH|V-' % *
. has nothing to do with the stomach, and which cannot be reached through the '*/ jWHSy \ %
' stomach. Drugs never cure the cause of a pain. They never do any more than temporarily l^^^S P *
• relieve it. You, reader, know this, and if you have doctored for rheumatism or back pains Mlfc >■ is
' you know drugs have not cured you. The system is wrong, and I have been proving this AfS^H W %
\ ALL PAIN RESULTS FROM WEAKNESS. lP I
; Some organ is weak, some part of the physical structure has begun to fail-is not able to do the work %
; nature intended it to do-and the pain results. It is so in rheumatism and all; other painful diseases. It is so *
un; all forms of sickness, pain or disability. Get back the strength. Assist nature and nature will cure. Medicine *
; <g\ can't do it. Electricity can. It gives new life to the nerves and organs, stops all drain off
r- - |^A vital, power and quickly cures. \ %>
! \^fl i_ ''Your Electric Belt knocked the^heumatism out of my "Your Belt has done wonders for me. lam almost ■""*'
old body In two months, after 1 had suffered from it for entirely cured of rheumatism. It is a grand invention " *
_^Vi MkIVV many years * W - F. HARDELL w H GOODMAN *
" /^-ajy i Madera,Cal., December 16, 1898. ;; r V Volcano, "Cat, December 16 1898. " ' €►
mff I HAVE CURED OVER 10,000 MEN. f
• <Ml*^*\ ■, My E i e uf ri c Be is a wonder. It gives life into the parts of the body affected by the pains, arouses a vigorous
• \^ I t nC A htlO ° f blood f thro Kl/^K 1 /^ th ,7 and removes the cause of the pains. It cures, and cures permanently pains of all 4
• Ik 1 : / -kl ?, dS * -.* /° U are , troubled call and test :it. ; . See its grand power and save future expense by getting it If yon ran' ¥
:^fc I A' V call wnte for my free book describing it and giving hundreds of other cures. Call or address - -• V L *
Ij 4 . DR. A. T. SANDEN, _*"___?• psn!rH=iJ
■ ;^^M 1/^1 I' „ „ > : of T'™:HO V RS-a,. m . ,0 S p.m.: Suna.y.,,olo 1. ■ !| Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is never ! ; *•
w^i /i%^» 1 a^^jKirs_?kff_^_2r_t£r_s^^^ >»*'**'*?* [__fffl »""^ '" re " nB -i »
GRAND GAME
BIRDS FOR
CALIFORNIA
Pheasants and Eng
lish Partridges.
— t
GOOD SPORT IN THE FUTURE
COUNTIES WHERE THE BIRDS
. SHOULD DO WELL,
Immense Shipments of Quail to
This City Prom San Diego
; County by Market
Hunters.
The sportsmen of California will watch
with much Interest how the Chinese
pheasants which were recently shipped to
the California Fish Commission from
China will thrive in this country.
Several experiments have been made by
sportsmen who in recent years planted
pheasants in counties contiguous to the
coast; but success did not crown their ef
forts. The birds received by the commis
sioners ' arrived in good condition and
were planted in certain districts which
are supposed to be adapted to pheasant
culture. - .:* c '
A crate consisting of sixteen "Mongo
lians" was shipped from this city to the
Firebaugh district and the birds were lib
erated in the lands adjacent to the San
Joaquin river. Humboldt county also re
ceived its share; several birds were given
their freedom on the banks of the Malate
river. The Santa Rosa Sportman's Club
liberated a number of the birds In the
Coast Range mountains, but as the pheas
ant is not a bird that thrives in moun
tainous country it is thought that the ex
periment of the Santa Rosa club will
prove a failure.
The sportsmen of Oregon have had great
success with pheasants, which are very
numerous now in the grain growing sec
tions of that State. A recent movement
which was inaugurated by Messrs. J. A.
Taylor, Milton W. Smith, Fred V. Hol
man and other enterprising sportsmen of
Portland to introduce the gray English
partridge, will assuredly meet with great
success if carried out. A large subscrip
tion has already been received from inter
ested parties, and the money will be spent
In the purchase of partridges, which are,
beyond all argument, the gamest and
most edible of game birds known to
sportsmen.
A Portland paper compares the English
partridge to the Chinese pheasant, when
there is really no comparison. The pheas
ant, although a more aristocratic looking
bird, is a runner almost the equal of the
road-runner, which is otherwise known as
the chaparral cock, ground cuckoo and
paisano. As an edible bird the English
partridge is by far superior to the pheas
ant. The partridge frequents the open
country and its flight is much similar to
the valley quail.
There is another grand English bird
which should do well in Oregon, and that
is the black- cock, a variety of grouse,
which affords Englishmen grand shoot-
Ing during the open seasons. The wood
cock should also do well in Oregon, but
as they are very difficult of capture the
experiment of netting them will hardly,
be attempted unless the consideration is
very tempting. The woodcock is a mi
gratory bird, which has a large follow
ing of admirers in some of the Eastern
States.
The Supervisors of San Diego County
certainly made a most grievous mistake
when they suspended the ordinance for
bidding the shipment of game out of the
county. The result of their foolish ac
tion will be the depletion of quail in a
county which is visited by large num
bers of sportsmen yearly because of its .
reputation as a great game section.
The shipments of quail from San Diego
since the repeal of the ordinance to the
San Francisco markets have averaged as
many as 1000 birds a week, and at this
rate of slaughter the extermination of
San Diego's game birds must soon follow.
The Supervisors of Santa Clara also
made a very bad move when they abol
ished the official game warden of the
county. During the past two years the
Fish Commissioners have stockM sev
eral streams in Santa Clara County with
game fishes, but now that the poachers
can have full sway, it is presumed that
the labor and expense that have been
attached to stocking the waters of the
county will prove a fruitless undertaking
and expenditure.
The sportsmen of Vacaville who are in
terested In the game of the country and
Its protection have offered a reward of
$2o for any information that will lead to
the arrest and conviction of persons vio
lating the game laws.
Sonoma County Supervisors evidently
realize that by protecting the game of
the county sportsmen will visit the towns
within easy distance of the game lands
and spend many dollars during the year
among the hotels and livery stables. The
ordinance which was recently passed by
them has given a black eye to market
hunting. By its passage the quail and
deer shooting seasons are shortened. The
killing- of Chinese pheasants is prohibited
for flv£ years and it will be a violation of
law to ship game out of the county. This
is a move in the right direction.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
M. Q. Cecil of Carson is at the Lick.
J. A. Bayers of Visalia is a guest at the
Grand.
Easton Mills of Elmlra is at the Occi
dental.
J. J. Smith and wife of Stockton are at
the Lick.
R. Rosa of Los Angeles is a guest at the
Occidental.
J. J. Coleman of Prescott is registered
at the Lick.
P. B. Hartman of Eldrldge is a guest at
the California.
H. W. Campbell, a miner of Keswick, is
a guest at the Palace.
Martin Murray of Louisville, Ky., is
staying at the Palace.
P. G. de l'Estoile, a prominent miner of
Auburn, is at the Grand.
Harrison Dibblee of Diamond Springs is
staying at the California.
E. H. Bennett and R. H. Sperling of
Victoria, B. C, are at the Palace.
C. C. Ramsay and wife of Seattle and C.
C. Williams and wife of Santa Cruz are
staying at the Occidental.
Stanley Hall of Worcester, Mass., the
well-known educator, is at the Palace.
Mr. Hall is the president of Clarke College
in Massachusetts. He will deliver several
lectures while here and will be enter
tained by Mayor Phelan.
CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YOBK.
NEW YORK, Dec. 24.-Mrs. M. I. Leach
of San Francisco is at the Majestic; Louis
G. Dreyfus of Santa Barbara is at the
Imperial; A. Esberg of San Francisco is
at the Hoffman; \V. E. Lester and wife
of Spji Francisco are at the Grenoble;
James H. Humphreys of San,' Francisco is
at the Marlborough.
.■ ♦ ■
CALIFOKNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24.— C. B. Porter
of San Francisco is at the Riggs House.
William A. Metzer of San Francisco is
visiting* relatives in Washington. Repre
sentative James Hamilton Lewis and wife
of Washington arrived in Washington to
night and are at the Riggs House for the
winter.
More Lighting Kills Vetoed.
Mayor Phelan has made the San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Company a Christ
mas gift of another of his lighting bill
vetoes. The document was filed with the
Supervisors Friday. The amount in
volved is $27,249 32, and is for lighting- pub
lic buildings and streets with gas and
electricity. Illegality of the contract is
the reason assigned for the Mayor's dis
approval of the claim.
Spinetti Must Find New Bonds.
John A. Spinettl, Prosecuting Attorney
for Police Court 1, must seek for a new
surety. According to a petition filed with
the Supervisors yesterday he has failed
to pay the premium on the bonds fur
nished by the Pacific Surety Company,
and that corporation has asked permis
sion of the Supervisors to be allowed to
withdraw from his bond.
MISS HOUGHTDN
WINS THE BIG
GOLF HANDICAP
Play for the Winslow
Medal.
LADIES INCLOSECOMPETITION
CHRISTMAS SHOPPERS SEEK
SPORT AFIELD.
First Round of the Yuletide Cham
pionship of the San Francisco
Club Takes Place at the
Presidio Links.
Half a dozen lady members of the San
Francisco Golf Club managed to tear
themselves away from Christmas shop
ping long enough to play in the handicap
competition, 18 holes, for the Winslow
medal, on Friday morning. It had been
understood that the competition, which
was set for Tuesday, but was unavoid
ably, postponed in consequence of the
rain, was deferred till some indefinitely
remote future time. Thus was the vigi
lance of the Argus-eyed press eluded, and
the ladies were enabled to get their game
finished before anybody knew that it was
begun. The scores are given in the table
below:
■■'■-'_ x
p. ?■
PLATERS.
i-
[iss H. W. Morgan
lis3 Caro Crockett
lisa M. B. Houghton
[Iks E. Carolan
[Iss G. Carolan
Use T. C. Morgan
■*■ • •
81 78 159
70 75 145
72 80|lj2
£4 85 169
• • ■
•No returns.
Miss M. B. Houghton accordingly won
the medal with the net score of 139.
Yesterday afternoon the match play for
the Christmas championship began on the
links in the Presidio Reservation. Sev
eral gentlemen who had been expected to
play did not put in an appearance, among
them being Dr. Hibbett, Messrs. H. B
Chase, H. D. Pillsbury and Lieutenant T.
Games Roberts. The absence of the last
named, however, may have been Hobson's
choice, for Mr. Roberts has been play
ing host to that celebrity. The following
were the results of the afternoon's play:
PLAYER.
Round.
ftound.
0
2
Babcock
J. McCutchen
3
0
1
I
W. Byrne
Page
3
0
f
0
7
0
B. Watson
- Monteagle
7
B
s
s
0
B. Goodwin
P. Eells
3
0
•Denotes "all even."
S. L. Abbott Jr., beingr drawn against H. D.
Pillsbury, who was absent, drew a bye.
The links are, despite the rain that fell
in the early part of the week, nearly dry
and hard again. They are also a good
deal cut up by the hoofs of artillery
horses, which are exercised over them
To-day several players will be out for
practice, and some of yesterday's ab
sentees may present themselves and enter
the competition. The drawings for Mon
day are as follows: S. L. Abbott Jr. vs
H. Babcock; H. B. Goodwin vs. A. B.
Watson, J. W. Byrne a bye.
When Lost in the Mountains.
In the first place one should carry a
general idea in one's head of the main
streams, mountains and gulches. In a
new or strange country this knowledge
should be obtained at once. On the first
day out of a new camp keep on high
ground as much as possible; look back
frequently, so that the country will not
appear strange when you turn back, and
do not try to burden your mind with too
many small details. Simply remember,
for instance, that if you turn to the loft
from the divide on which you are you will
come into the valley of the stream on
which you are camped, but if you turn to
j the right you will come down to a stream
I that flows in another direction. Also re
member that your camp is near such
and such a looking hill, or, better still,
that it is in a range with two mountain
peaks. It is always better on the first
day or two not to get out of the valley
in which your camp is located, but if you
should do so, go back the way that you
came. Short cuts in a -new country lose
many a hunter.
Always carry a compass, as there Is no
way of telling the points of the com
pass by means of bark or branches that
can be relied on. Remember the direction
in which your camp is, and .then if --ou
get really lost, sit down, build, a nre, and
make a big smoke. This is supposing that
you have companions, as no greenhorn
should be alone in camp. They will look
you up the next day, and it is better to
sit by a fire and take it easy than it is
to run all over the country. Every year
men are lost in the mountains, who, If
they had kept cool and sat down and made
a smoke, would have been in camp by
noon the next day. Instead of ihis they
lose their heads, travel clear out of the
vicinity of the camp, and sometimes sur
fer terribly or die of starvation before be
ing found. — Forest and Stream.
FISHES DO TAKE NAPS.
They Sleep Suspended in the Water
With Their Eyes Wide Open.
"Do fishes sleep, and how."
This question was addressed to Eu
gene G. Blackford, formerly fish com
missioner of New York State. His ac
quaintance with fish began when he
was very young 1 , and at the Dresent
time he is a recognized authority all
over the world.
"Certainly they sleep," was Mr.
Blackford's response. "They sleep
suspended in the water, with their eyea
wide open. I have seen them do it of
ten. I have many fish in tanks with
glass fronts and can watch them.
Sometimes I see a fish suspended in the
water keeping perfectly still for half
an hour at a time, and then I conclude
that he is asleep. He does not even
move a fin at such times, and the mo
tion of the gills is barely perceptible.
"Fishes don't close their eyes be
cause there is no necessity for their
doing it. They have no eyelids, be
cause their eyes are not exposed to
dust as ours are. They don't close
their eyes in sleep because the light
is so modified by the water that it is
not hard for them to find a twilight
spot.
"But they can close their eyes if they
wan to do it, and they do on very par
ticular occasions. I will show you.
John, bring me a trout."
The man went to a tank, and soon
returned, bearing in his hand a fine
trout about eight inches in length.
This Mr. Blackford held while he took
a lead pencil and touched one of its
eyes with the point. The trout wrig
gled about vigorously, and at the same
time drew an inside yellow curtain
over the eye.
"You see, he can close his eyes if he
chooses," said the former fish commis
sioner. "The habits or fish are little
known in many respects. We have
only begun to study their migrations
in a way that promises to lead to any
thing. We have captured some thou
sands of cod and mackerel and put
metal tags on their fins. Some of
these will be caught in nets far north
and south, and as they have the ad
dress of the United States fisheries
commission on them that will give us
an idea where the untold millions of
fish that race along our shores at cer
tain periods spend other parts of the
year." — Harper's Round Table.
A Prosperous Sheep Raiser.
A Virginia woman, who- owns a small
piece of land, has become interested in
the business of raising 1 sheep. Sh*
started on a capital of $25, and with
this sum she purchased sheep at $3 a
head. She raised as many as she could
care for on the land, disposing of the
rest as soon as they were old enough.
She devoted about an hour each day to
their care and paid a boy a small sum
a week to keep the sheds in order. She
is now able, after five years to clear
over $450 annually.CUSTOM HOUSE
A GRAVEYARD
FOR A PRESENT
How John Gwynne's
Jewelry Was Lost.
TOOK WINGS AND FLEW AWAY
CRESS UNGER WILL PAY THE
OWNER FOR THE TRINKET.
He Says xt Is the First Instance of
the Kind That Has Happened
in Twenty-Three
Years.
Pome months ago John Gwynne, a me
chanic at the Risdon Iron Work 6, and re
eiding at 754 Mission street, received a
letter from his sister in Wales, notifying
him that she had sent him by registered
mail a pin and a diamond ring for a pres
ent. Gwynne presented himself at the
Postoffice, and was Informed that the
package had been turned over to the Cus
tom-house for the appraisement and col
lection of the duties thereon. He then
called at the Custom-house, prepared to
pay the duty, and was informed that the
package could not be found.
An Investigation was made into the
case, ami Cress Unger reported to the
Collector that the package had been in
his possession and had been mislaid or
Btolen. A thorough search was made for
the mis-sing jewelry, but it could not be
found. When it was conceded that the
package had gone the way of the twining
of the woodbine Mr. Unger offered to pay
Mr. Gwynne the value of the jewelry,
namely, $15, out of his own pockets. Yes
terday Mr. I'nger filed his written report
with the Collector, and stated his readi
ness to turn the money over to Mr.
Gwynne whenever that horny-handed son
of toil should put In an appearance.
"I have been In the Custom-house since
1875, and this is the first time that any
thing has been lost," said Mr. Unger yes
terday. "As soon as I learned that the
package had disappeared I notified the
Collector and tola Mr. Gwynne that 1
would pay him the value of the jewelry
out of my own pocket."
Collector Jackson and Mr. Jerome said
that It would be impossible to adopt in
thf Custom-house the system which pre
vails in the Postoffice of requiring a re
ceipt from every employe handling a
registered package and that the work of
the Custom-house would be Mocked if
euch a system were to be attempted.
Many hundreds of thousands of packages
arf handled in the Custom-house, and
losses are so rare that no provision is
made beyond requiring the person in
whose department the article was lost to
make good the value of the property.
NEITHER ELEVEN HAS
SUFFERED A DEFEAT
COMPANY H AND THE GOLDEN
GATES ARE GREAT RIVALS.
The Teams to Line Up Against Each
Other To-morrow in a Game That
Promises Much Excitement.
. There will be lively times at the Pre-
Bidto athletic grounds to-morrow. The
crack football aggregation of Company H,
League of the Cross Cadets, will
be pitted against the Golden Gates in a
game that promises to be a warm one.
The teams are rivals in every sense of the
word and have been training assiduously
for this contest., Neither team has suf
fered a defeat this season and neither
team intends to have its escutcheon tar
nished by a defeat on Christmas day.
Each eleven has a following that numbers
In the thousands and each following is
preparing sundry yells and instruments
of torture to drown the club cries of the
other. Last year's game, which was
played on Christmas day, attracted many
thousands of spectators to the park and
it is expected that twice the number will
bo present at to-morrow's game.
Company H's victories date back to the
organization of the team in 1895. Since
then it has defeated much heavier teams
by united play and scientific moves.
Among the most noted victories attained
by the League of the Cross players was
the defeat of the Kansas Volunteers, an
eleven much heavier than their oppo
nents.
Coach Cross of the Stanford team spoke
highly of Company H's players. He stated
after the local aggregation had scored
against the cardinals that it played one
of the cleanest and most scientific games
against the college eleven exhibited on the
Stanford campus in years.
The Golden Gates have a very strong
collection of players. J. O'Brien, its full
back, has a reputation as a punter and
pround-gainer, and as he is in good shape
he should play up to his usual standard.
It is understood that the League of the
Cross Cadet band will be at the game to
morrow, and good music will be fur
nished.
The teams will probably line up as fol
lows:
Company H. rosltion. Golden Gates.
P. Ahem ;L«— Knd— lt Lamey
Atkin«r>n L— Tackle— R Smith
Lean' or McPonald or
Edminster Lr— Guard— R ICcNovin
Center Daly
Vfrs R — Guard— L< Mulinlx
VThalen R— Tackle— l, Hughes
T Ahem R— End— L W. O'Brien
V P Marlsch Quarter .....C. Regan (C.)
Jlnre:-,, Forward J. O'Brien
Erlerfheim (C.) I.— Half— R Hans-m
Cal Dwlng R— Half— l.. Mahoney
r.pany H: Beasley, Keenan, Svet
nich, Hellen.
. ♦ ■
COURSING AT UNIOxI PARK.
Very Cold Day's Sport, With the
Wind Unusually Strong.
There was an unusually cold day's
results were as follows:
Open stake; first round— E. &R. Scott a Lord
ByrCT) beat Pafha Kennel's Emln Pasha; L.
Herbs t' a Revolver beat James Byrnes Mo
hawk: Yosemite Kennel's Beauty Spot beat
Pembroke Kennel's Magic; Pembroke Kennel's
gylvanus beat I. F. Helton's Tic Tac; Lowe
& Thompson's Patria beat F. Moran's Flying
Faster; Milo Kennel's Rock Island Boy beat
T. J. Cronln's Maid of Bail; Euchre Kennel's
Rosebud beat Pasha Kennel's Pocahontas; F.
Moran's Golden Russet - beat A. L. Austin's
Trinket; Handy & Smith's Victor beat H.
Lynch' s Lottie M; Pembroke Kennel's Mona
beat Eclipse Kennel's Cross Patch; D. Ford's
Bonlta beat Pasha Kennel's Santa Alicia;
Cowe &■ Thompson's Prince Hal beat J. J. Ed
mond'i" Morning Glory; Larkey & Rock's Em
•♦rald beat J. Shea's Rathhone; Lowe & Thomp
son'! Quiekstitch beat H. Lynch's Loyalty;
T .1. Cronln's Thornhlll beat Larkey & Rock's
Liberty Bell; R. K. de B. Lopez' Minneapolis
beat J. Connell's Senorlta; Penelope Kennel's
Las Palmas beat T. Gaffney's Sir John Arnot;
J. Dennis' Interesting beat W. F. Hobbs'
Mercy May; J. Shea's Young America- beat
Yosemite Kennel's Lamplighter; Pasha Ken
nel's Firm Friend beat A. Johnson's Mountain
Beauty; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan beat, Pem
broke Kennel's Joy Bells; F. Moran's False
Flatterer beat Milo Kennel's Irma; F. Moran's
Snapshot beat R. E. de B. Lopez' Green Val
ley Maid; Mllo Kennel's Victor King beat
Eclipse Kennel's Leonora.
Consolation etake; first round-Mohawk a
bye; Magic beat Tic Tac; Maid of Bail beat
Flying Faster; Trinket beat Pocahontas; Cross
Patch beat Lottie M; Morning Glory beat
Santa Alicia; Rathbone beat Loyalty; S«nor
lta beat Liberty Bell; Sir John beat Mercy
May; Mountain Beauty beat Lamplighter; Joy
Bells beat Irma; Green Valley Maid beat
Leonora. :
Patsy in Trouble.
Patrick J. Keenan, better known as
"Pat»y Hogan," the ex-prizefighter, was
yesterday hold to answer before the Su
perior Court by Judge Low on a charge
of murder, without bonds. Keenan killed
his wife. Annie, in her home on Olive av
enue October 19, and made an attempt to
commit suicide.
"SWIFTWATER
BILL'S" WIFE TO
GET A DIVORCE
She Will Also Receive
$25,000.
HE COULD MARRY HER SISTER
MRS. GATES IS HOME FROM HER
SEATTLE TRIP.
Says She Went North on the Invita
tion of Her Husband to Ar
range for a Legal Sep
aration.
"Swiftwater Bill" Gates has arranged
with his wife, formerly Grade Lamore
of this city, by which she is to get a
divorce on the ground of cruelty and a
check for $25,000 simultaneously. "When
these preliminaries have been concluded
the festive William proposes to again ven
ture on the troubled sea. of matrimony
by wedding the sister of his divorced wife,
with whom he is now living in great
luxury at the Butler Hotel, in Seattle.
Mrs. Gates returned from Seattle yester
day, and promptly announced that the
report that she had gone north to try to
reclaim her husband had no foundation,
but that the trip was made at his solici
tation, with the result as stated above.
"I would not live -with him again under
I any circumstances or for any amount of
1 money." she declared positively last night.
: "I hate him, and he knows it, for I told
him so. He is in love with Gussie, and
j probably she is In love with him, but I
i guess she thinks more of his money."
"Swiftwater Bill" has occupied the front
! of the Klondike stage almost from the
i beginning of the gold excitement in the
i land of snow and ice. He was among
j the first to be said to have struck it rich,
j and since then he has devoted a large
j share of his time and energies to "enjoy-
I ing" himself. Gussie may really be con
sidered as having the lirst claim on his
affections. The story of their meeting in
I Dawson City in the spring of 1897, when he
; laid a coal oil can containing $50,000 worth
j of nuggets at her feet and asked her to
'• marry him, is well known. Gussie was al
ready burdened with a husband, however,
and therefore was compelled to decline
the tempting offer. But she accepted
$10,000 and allowed him to build her the
i finest residence in Dawson, just to snow
i ehe had no hard feeling. Then she re
! turned to San Francisco, having first told
her lover that Sue had several sisters who
might not be averse to sharing his for
tune. "Swiftwater" followed his charmer
to this city, but when he arrived she had
departed for the East. He hunted up her
twin sister, Gracie, and after a courtship
! lasting just five days they were married.
Seven weeks of the Alaska miner's so
! ciety was enough for Gracie, and she left
him. Then "Bill" went East, but returned
In two months and tried to induce his
bride to accompany him to the Klondike.
She declined, and "Bill" consoled himself
by eloping with her younger sister, Nel
lie. As soon as the pair arrived in Daw
son, Nellie promptly fell in love with a
more accomplished if less wealthy miner,
and incontinently "shook" "William.
But "Sweetwater Bill" remembered
that there were more pretty girls in the
Lamore family. May, the eldest, was in
the Klondike metropolis at the time, but
after dallying with "Bill" lor a while she
informed him she could only be a sister
to him. "Bill" came back to Seattle last
i October and telegraphed Gussie, who was
iin New York, to join him. Gussie waa
now a widow, her husband having con
veniently blown out his brains a few
months previous, while en route to San
Diego from this city on the steamer Santa
| Rosa. So she accepted the invitation and
they have been together ever since.
Now that "Bill's" wife is to give him
' his freedom so he can marry Gussie it
looks as though he might at last settle
j aown to the quiet enjoyment of his gold.
! But Nellie Lamore has a twin in New
I York, and Mrs. Gates says her fickle
I ppouse confidentially informed her while
I she was in Seattle that he was contem
| plating a trip East to see her. If he
; should carry out his plan new complica
i tions may arise.
Mrs. Gates says her husband has loads
of money yet, notwithstanding reports to
the contrary.
STANFORD JINKS,
A Political Club Relaxes in Social
Enjoyment.
! The Stanford Club, an organization com
; posed of the leading Republicans and
j business men of the- Thirty-first District,
• celebrated its installation of officers by
I giving a high jinks, which was largely
j attended. The officers were elected as
! follows: President, P. Kerrigan; first vice
j president, W. Offerman; second vice presi
i dent, J. J. Wilkinson; third vice president,
1 Louis Berger; financial secretary, A. A.
! Friedlander; recording secretary, H. J.
! McMahon; corresponding secretary, H. D.
' Byrne; treasurer, Joseph Redmond; mar
shal, E. Murray; board of directors — T. E.
Brophy. T. J. Sullivan, J. B. Campbell,
F. McNamara, P. O'Connor, Louis
Chester. J. F. Lawler J. J. Hourigan, T.
If, Walsh, M. Dolan, S. B. Priest, M.
Hayes. J. A. Cameron, John Collins and
I L. A. Taylor.
The club was then entertained by the
■ following talent: John Caveney, songs;
' Henry King, song; R. Glocker, stories;
Hlgglns and Proll. mandolin and guitar;
|W. M. Sands, graphophone; Kelly and
Marlowe, specialties; Alexander Hurley,
songs; William Giblin, songs. Refresh
i ments were served during the evening.
Passing of a Well-Known Educator.
Neil Kennedy, late principal of the Rin
! con Evening School, passed away yester
i day after a short illness. He was one of
! the best known educators in this State,
and the news of his death will be a sad
I blow to those who knr w him. He was 56
! years old, and a native of Canada. He
leaves a widow and two children—Chris
1 tina and Edgar Kennedy. Hia brother-in
law Ua J. C. yulnn, ex-Internal Jtevenue
Collector. The funeral will be held to
morrow at 11 o'clock from the late resi
dence of the deceased, 4093 Eighteenth
street.
Battered, by a Boy.
Abe Attelle, a boy 14 years of age, but
i who looks more like half that age, ap
| peared before Justice of the Peace Barry
r yesterday morning in Judge Conlan's
court to answer a ch;trKe of battery. The
! complaining witness was John Br-nn, the
. proprietor of a fruit stand at Fifth and
Market streets, a big, powerful man.
When the acting Judge looked at him and
i then at the boy he promptly dismissed the
i case. The boy was arrested by Sergeant
j Green.
Athletes Incorporate.
Articles of incorporation of the San
Francisco Athletic Club were filed yes
terday. The directors are: Dennis Den
ehey, John O'Keefe, Alex Dijean, Alex
Greggains. Bernard Broadwell, EdwanS
Turner, Harry H. Gardiner, W. H. Quinn,
Arthur W. Minaker, John Grann'eld and
Frank Schuler.
Hale & NorcroßS Incorporates.
Articles of Incorporation of the Hale &
Norcross Mining Company were filed yes
terday. The capital stock of the new cor
poration Is $336,000, of which $2100 has been
pubsc-lbed. The directors are M. W.
Fox, Edward Barry, A. W. Moore, G. C.
Sneider, W. J. Dale, Frank Mahon and
George P. Thurston.
Lurlin* Salt Water Baths,
Bush »nd Larkln ste. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub Laths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1898.
G. STANLEY HALL IS HERE.
The Most Famous Pedagogue of America
Visits the Coast.
G STANLEY HALL, the president of Clark University of Worcester,
Mass., and editor of the Pedagogical Seminary, arrived yesterday
morning from the East. He will attend the educational conference
1 at Santa Rosa which is to be held In a few days.
G. Stanley Hall is the most famous exponent of pedagogy in America,
with a reputation that extends from the Atlantic to the Pacific shores.
Child study has been his particular subject of investigation. Eminent ed
ucators of this country have placed him as the leading educator of
America. By Intuition he seems to divine the capabilities of a student
and direct him along the lines most suitable to his own individuality.
Not only as a pedagogue has G. Stanley Hall made a national repu
tation, but as a man of letters also. He was an instructor of literature
In Harvard, a student of psychology in the world-famous schools of Ger
many, a most careful and studious investigator of quasi-psychical sub
jects In France and a student of humanity in all countries. His particu
lar distinction lies In his practicable and comprehensive view of the needs
of the individual student who comes under his tutelage.
SAYS HOBSON
WAS ENTIRELY
MISUNDERSTOOD
The Mayor Defends
the Lieutenant.
"A PERFECT GENTLEMAN"
HIS KISSING ESCAPADES GROfas-
LV EXAGGERATED.
The Hero of the Merrimac Simply
Fell Victim to the Impulsive
Patriotism of a Host
of Admirers.
Mayor James D. Phelan has met Hob
son, talked with him, entertained him and
formed his own impressions. He looks on
him as a man who has been misunder
stood, his actions exaggerated— a hero
who has been abused for acting in a gen
tlemanly manner. In speaking of Lieu
tenant Hobson Mr. Phelan says:
"Mr. Hobson has made a statement that
reports from the East have been greatly
exaggerated; that his actions, which
were so severely criticized, were pure pat
riotic enthusiasm on the part of others
and with the absolute conviction that
what I say is true, I feel It my duty to
speak what I know.
"Let us recall the events of the week.
Hobson was idolized by every one a week
ago— admiration for him was universal.
Unselfishly and deliberately he practically
gave up his young life to his country.
He, the highest type of an educated Amer
ican—the man who showed exceptional
ability and was graduated number one in
his class. So imminent was the danger
of his certain destruction when he en
tered upon his heroic exploit that it may
be said of him that he came back from
the dead. His act was sublime.
"What American did not glory in his
fame? What man was not eager to grasp
his hand with patriotic fervor? What
woman, in the Intensity of her feeling,
born of a more emotional nature, would
not cherish him even as a son? Now, this
being the state of the puSlic mind, on his
way West, at the call of duty, he visited
several Western cities. I have the story
from his lips. At one of the assemblages
called in his honor some children were
presented to him, and he Impressed a
chaste kiss on their rosy cheeks. Some
women, following this example, greeted
him in the same manner, desiring to ex
press their admiration In that way, and
In the contagion of enthusiasm others
followed. What was Mr. Hobson's atti
tude under these circumstances? Simply
that of a gentleman, who for reasons of
BUNKOING THE STATE.
There is (?rave suspicion that some shrewd San Francisco and
Sacramento lawyers have deceived the Supervisors of about forty
counties in the State into giving them a contract, which when an
alyzed means that the people of the State are agreeing to pay the
lawyers about $800,000 out of one pocket and put it in another. That
is to say, the $2,000,000 is simply transferred; nobody is enriched
thereby, save the attorneys, who are to get 40 per cent.
Elsewhere in this morning's Sun will be found an account of the
suits, and the fact that they are now before the Supreme Court.
It is true that there may be about $25,000 due San Bernardino County,
but there is a large sum due each of the other forty or fifty coun
ties, and if these suits are decided favorably to the counties it sim
ply means that the people of the whole State must be taxed to pay
them. In other words, San Bernardino County will be taxed as
much to pay its share of the total judgments as it will receive from
the State, and then have to give up 25 per cent of what it gets.
It's a clever scheme to "do" the State for $800,000.— San Bernardino
Sun.
delicacy and gallantry In its worthiest
sense, would not thrust these well-mean
ing- women from him nor show them any
discourtesy nor manifest by any act of
his that he misinterpreted their motives;
for their object was plainly— as he knew
it— to do him honor and to express in their
own way the depth of their regard. For
his part, ho was taken by surprise. It
was not of his seeking, but rather would
he sacrifice himself than be unapprecia
tive or ungentlemanly; and, like other
gentlemen and heroes, he was not unused
to pacriiiclng himself. I know that he
mari« no account of it until the malicious
and sensational had made traffic of it.
"In discussing 1 it he deprecated the
thine itself, and, it will be recalled, that
when he <-ame to Denver he had it so ar
ranged that a repetition of it should not
occur. Any one who witnessed the re
ception in San Francisco may have ob
served for himself Mr. Hobson's very def
erential manner toward women. Such
deference or gallantry, as he calls it, is
a part of this man's nature. Those who
know him intimately bear witness to this.
More than that, every act of his in this
city evidenced his n o. consideration for
the feelings of others, responding 1 to every
call, repulsing none, not even the little
gum-sellers at the Palace Hotel, ob
trusive as they are; kindly, consider
ate, frank and generous— trie true gentle
man, as his exploits have proved him to
be.
"I said to Mr. Hobson this morning: 'I
notice in one of the papers that you said
you would like to make a formal state
ment concerning this matter, but fear that
even this might be misconstrued. Why
not make a statement?' He said, 'I have
just hastily done so in response to a re
quest from a Milwaukee paper, and I
would be obliged if you would use It as
you see fit.'
"I said that after my conversation with
htm I understood perfectly the situation
and that I would be pleased to do so. 1
told him he was to-day, unfortunately,
misunderstood; that the thoughtless had
criticized him and that he owed it to him
self and to the people to say a word. The
word has been said — that the stories are
gross exaggerations; that what founda
tion they have rests upon the enthusiasm
of some women who treated him as a boy
(he is but 23 years); that the gentleness
and courtesy of his breeding, which pre
vented him, even to his own injury, as
we know, from causing embarrassment
or pain to any one, have already been
turned against him.
"Should he choose to-morrow to accept
the patriotic salute of a good woman
expressed in the same manner he would
do it in spite of comment, believing, ac
cording to his lights and judged by the
severity of his own standard, that there
was no wrong in It. Like a true knight,
he defends the spirit of gallantry rather
than save himself from cavil and ridi
cule. His condemnation was unmerited.
Hobson deserves more of his countrymen
than to be misunderstood."
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-102S Mission.
ALL HE CRAVED.
The proprietor of the restaurant had
Just Issued a now advertisement, intended
to call attention to a reduction in rates.
i After quoting the prices of various ar
ticles to conclusively demonstrate the
fact that everything was cheap, he added
at the bottom of the advertisement,
"Bread, butter and potatoes free."
He knows better now. If he had to do
is over again he would word it a little
differently, and all because a solemn
looking man came in one day, and after
taking his place at a table, pointed to the
advertisement and asked:
"Ts that on the square?"
"Certainly." replied the waiter.
"Then give me some bread, butter and
potatoes," said the man.
"Yes. sir. What else?" asked the
waiter.
"Nothing else," replied the man.
"That's all that's free, isn't it?"— Chicago
Post.
BOLD CROOKS
ASSAULT AND
ROB A SAILOR
One of Them Caught
by the Police.
HE IS AFTERWARD RELEASED
GIVEN HIS FBEEDOM BY JUDGE
JOACHIMSEN.
His Victim Threatens to Bring the
Peculiar Case to the Attention
of the Incoming Grand
Jury.
While walking along Mission street at
an early hour yesterday morning A. B.
Burton, a sailor, was held up by three
men and robbed of $50. They were seen
leaving their victim by Police Officer Wil
liam Smith, who started to arrest them.
Seeing the officer approaching the men
took to their heels. Smith called upon
them to halt, but they continued running.
Fearing that he might injure some inno
cent person if he opened fire on the trio,
Smith tried to overtake them. After
reaching Second street the desperate rob
bers turned and ran toward Market. Offi
cer Chase, seeing the men madly dashing
along the street, and concluding that they
were escaping from a fellow-officer, also
started after them. After running sev
eral blocks the men separated.
Smith followed tho supposed leader of
the trio and soon ran him down. Chase
followed "another of the robbers, and after
pursuing him to Powell and Post Btreets,
lost him in the darkness. The third rob
ber also succeeded in eluding the police.
At the City Prison the captured robber
gavo his name as Charles Kilpatrick. He
was charged with vagrancy and explicit
instructions given that he should not be
released on bail until the arresting offi
cer had made a thorough investigation of
the robbery. Several hours later he was
taken before Judge Joachimsen, who re
leased him on his own recognizance,
without even consulting the policeman
who had apprehended him.
Burton, a short time after his assail
ant had been arrested, visited police
headquarters intending to swear to a
complaint charging Kilpatrick with rob
bery. He was taken to the City Prison
for the purpose of identifying the man
who had assaulted him. To the surprise
of the arresting officer as well as Burton
they were told that Kilpatrick had been
released on his own recognizance by order
of Judge Joachimsen.
Burton still shows trace of the rough
treatment he received at the hands of the
desperate trio. His left eye is discolored
and his nose bruised. He says that when
they accosted him one of them struck
him in the face, knocking him down. His
companions then went through his pock
ets, taking all the money he had. Burton
threatens to call the attention of the
next Grand Jury to the release of his as
sailant. •
A CONSIDERATE MOTHER,
Realized She Was in No Position to
Give Advice Herself.
I had taken a very toothsome but
not highly finished dinner at the moun
tain farmhouse, and when I started on
my way at 1 o'clock in the afternoon
the daughter, who had looked after my
wants at the table, informed me that
if I had no objection she would "ride
a piece" with me. As she was a good
looking, ruddy mountain maid, unlike
the majority of her. kind, I gave an im
mediate and unanimous consent, and
we were presently jogging along to
ward the Cumberland River, which we
could see lying like a silver thread
across the green valley far below us.
"I presume," I said, bowing with as
much gallantry as the circumstances
would permit, "that if any of your
beaux should see us riding together my
life would scarcely be safe from their
jealous rage."
"Oh, I reckon 'taint so bad's that, all
to once," she laughed in response.
"I'm sure they are not so indifferent
as you would lead me to think. Pretty
girls are not so plenty in the moun
tains," I smiled, and she blushed.
"Well, I s'pose ef Jim wuz here," she
hesitated, "it mightn't be sich a picnic
as it looks, fer Jim's mighty bad about
me. That's why he ain't here now."
"Why?" I asked with considerably
more interest and not nearly so much
bow and palaver.
"He shot a hole through the last fel
ler I rid with, and had to take to the
woods till he gits well."
This was not altogether as pleasing
as it might have been, but I couldn't
run away from the lady, so I remained.
"Well," I said, In a tone of strong
disapproval, "do you intend to marry a
man like that?"
" 'Taint safe to marry any other— not
fer him, ncr me neither, even ef
I wanted to, which I don't. Jim's
plenty suitable fer me."
"Does your mother approve of your
marrying him?" I asked, hoping some
body might be found who would come
to the rescue.
"No," she responded easily. "Maw
ain't talkin' one way ncr t'other. She's
been married four times, and has mode
such a dratted muss uv it every time
that she says she ain't a fittin' person
to give advice on the marryin' question,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"77"
Is Dr. Humphreys' Specific fop
Coughs, Colds. Influenza and
From N. Y. Herald.
No one, however strong, can tempt
fate by undue exposure or afford to
neglect the warning of a chill or cough
on the supposition that they may mean
nothing, or, possibly, cure themselves.
The susceptible man should be the
careful one, who should never run the
risk of an open car, draughty theater,
a soaked shoe or a thin coat.
With these precautions and a bottle
of "77" in your pocket you can brave
the elements and keep well.
At druggrsts or sent prepsftd; price,
25c and 50c; large pocket flask, $L
DR. HUMPHREYS' BOOK SENT FREE.
Humphreys' Med. Co., cor. William
and John sts., New York. Be sure to get
HUMPHREYS'.
RADWAYS'S BKADT EKLIEF has stood
unrivaled before the public for 60 years a* a
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds, Sore Throats, Influenza, Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia, Rheumatism, Neuralgia,
Headache. ToothacKe and all pains. Internally
for Malariai and' all Bowel Pains. All drurglsU.
nohow, even ef I wuzn't old enough to
do my own pickin' an' choosin'," which
seemed to me such an unanswerable ar
gument that I retired from the field.
Washington Star.
PLAYED WITH WRONG -^AN.
Half a hundred students of the medical
department of the Northwestern Univer
sity had a jollification one night. They
took possession of an Alley "L" train at
Twenty-second street and held high jinks
all the way into town. In their own
words they "played horse" with the oth
er passengers, and they thought them
selves very smart, indeed.
But they were not quite so smart as
they thought. There was an old man
aboard— a nice old man with a white mus
tache and a silk hat — who beat them at
their own game. The occurrence hap
pened in the smoking car. As the
various stations were reached and
passengers tried to get out of the
car the students assisted. "Pass
him along!" was the cry, and the un
fortunate passenger was lifted bodllv over
the heads of the students, tossed in the
air and finally thrown out upon the plat
form. The guards told the unruly stu
denta to cease their rough behavior or
leave the train, but the admonitions fell
on unfruitful gnkind. The fun grew more
and more hilaritljs until Adams street
was reached.
At this point the old man wi^h the white
mustache got up to leave. He was in the
extreme end of the car, away from the
dents. "Help the old gentleman out."
They helped him out. They tossed him
up to the ceiling, they dropped him to the
floor, they wedged him here and there,
they played horse with him. And after
they had tossed him out at last they
felt so hilarious that they smashed each
other' 3 hats with their canes.
At 8 the next morning a young man,
who said his name was P. Drake Whit
ford, student, came meekly into the Cen
tral Police Station and reported that an
old man with a write mustache and a silk
hat had picked the pockets of four of the
students on the train, securing four beau
tiful gold watches and a pocketbook or
two. "It will be a great favor," he said,
"if this little affair can be kept out of
the papers."— Chicago Times-Herald.
A Water Gap, Pa., woman buried her
pet dog in a specially made casket, at an
expense of $150. The foolkiller was busy
elsewhere.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MEN—^
who do not feel as strong, energetic, as young and as well :as ■' :
they once did are usually at fault. By this statement it should
not be inferred that such men brought on their troubles by ig-
noring the laws of nature in every instance, ; but they are to
. blame for neglecting to consult such well-known and successful
specialists as Dr. Meyers & Co., or for experimenting with stimu-
lating appliances or incompetent and irresponsible doctors.
DR. MEYERS & CO. use methods and ■ remedies "peculiarly
their own. They have done more in making strong, healthy men
out of nervous physical wrecks than all the other physicians on
the Pacific Coast. ' '-*?'s# ■•■ "" • ■■'■'■■ i- ' : - r ■ ;
DR. MEYERS & CO. have been mastering the weakness- and
diseases of men for more than seventeen years. , During that
time they have cured- and restored thousands ■ whose cases had
been abandoned by other leading physicians and the victims left .' .
to die. : *
DR. MEYERS & CO. are not in business In one place for a /",
week or a month, but they aie a fixture in San Francisco. Their 8.
prices are reasonable, their cures are as lasting as life itself. ; [^
A SUCCESS FOR MORB.TH AH 17 YEARS, 
No Pay Required Till Cure Is Effected.
Patients who have the least doubt about being cured may de- " in
posit the price of a cure in any bank or with any well-known I
business house or newspaper in San Francisco, such deposit NOT ,* -■'
to be paid to Dr. Meyers & Co. until the patient Is convinced that '.'-'.:•
he is permanently cured. Payments may be made in monthly in-
stallments, if preferred.
Private Book and Consultation Free. Home Cures..;,
DR. MEYERS & CO. have the largest and . best equipped • s
medical institution and the most extensive practice in America.
Home cures a specialty. If you cannot call write for free book
for men only, advice and treatise on any disease. All letters con-
fidential. No printing on envelopes or packages." ./
DR. MEYERS & CO.
*7QI MARKET STREET,
•*-1 SAN FRANCISCO. '•
T*ak-CV Fltvua-rnv* I HOURS-8 to 5 daily. '; '\ -■■'.';■ ■
1 dKB CltJVclLUr. I Evenings, 7to 8. Sundays, 9to 12. »
An Insurance and collection agent , fn Otsego County,
New York, constantly recommends Ripans Tabales to every-
body whom he suspects of suffering rom dyspepsia, and' takes
pleasure in relating his own experience, as follows : "Iv have
been a sufferer from dyspepsia for a dozen years or more^nd V
have tried all kinds of medicines that were said to be good (or a
positive cure), but none of them . afforded * much relief. I havo
always been blessed with a keen appetite and have, perhaps, in-
dulged too heartily at times and suffered • accordingly. Last
winter while traveling through an adjoining county I first
learned of Ripans Tabules, and was induced by a - friend to try
them. They have done me a great deal of ■, good, and I thinlc
that I have fair promise of a permanent cure. If I would t>«
rcewlar about my meals now. I am sure I should be well.*
WILL SELECT A
NEW GRAND JURY
THIRTY NAMES DRAWN BY
JUDGE BELCHER.
All on the List Will Be Summoned
to Appear Next Wednesday
for Examination.
Next Wednesday Presiding Judge Bel
cher will select a new Grand Jury from a
list of thirty names drawn yesterday.
Several prominent business men are on
the list, which follows: Lawrence E. Van
Winkle, 2319 Scott street; James C. Bour
bin, 1309 Steiner; A. J. Nicoll, 122 Main;
John Farnham. 317 Bay; C. E. Grunsky,
3006 Clay; Charles H. Stanyon. 2006 Bush;
J. F. Houghton, 233 Mission; Thomas Ma
gee, 4 Montgomery; Henry M. Black, 22
Broderick; Sidney M. Smith, 125 Market;
Achilles Roos, 1362 Post; George D. Clark,
17 and 19 Spear; L. S. Bachman, 112 San
some; Benjamin Keuman, 1818 Sacra
mento; John L. Haskell, 2219 Van Ne9s
avenue; David N. Walter, 1700 Van Ness;
Sylvain Levy, 1429 Fulton street; C. A.
Murdock, 2710 Scott; John P. Henry, 3179
Seventeenth; James Hogg, 2620 Buchanan;
Joseph D. Grant, northeast corner Bush
and Sansome; William B. Bourne, 2620
Buchanan; Charles BJ| Jennings, 121 Cali
fornia; John A. Hooper. 4 California;
George H. Buckingham, 415 Montgomery;
George A. Newhall, 309 Sansome; Charles
B. Ferro, 42 Phelan building; N. P. Cole,
1017 Steiner; Ed H. Horton, 400 Market;
Edwin Danforth, Battery and Broadway.
A Deaf Mute Injured.
John Sherman, a deaf mute living at 5
Federal street, this city, finds himself
minus a Christmas dinner owing- to an ac
cident which happened a few days ago.
Sherman, who is a peddler by occupation,
was doing some fixing around his hou3©
when an iron pipe fell on his hand, lacer
ating It badly. He went to a nearby drug
store, where he paid his last dollar to
have the hand dressed. As he has been
unable to work since the whole- family
will find themselves destitute on. Christ
mas.
910
PLAN TO STEAL A SEAT
IN THE STATE SENATE
& Porter Ashe to Be Thrown Out and His
Place GiVen to Leon Den
nery.
Colonel Dan Burns Is Engineering the Scheme in
Order to Secure Another Vote for Himself.
Permanent Organization Will Be
Delayed.
R. Porter Ashe, who was elected to
the Senate from the Twenty-fourth
torial District by a majority of 2j
over Leon Dennery, the Repub
lican nomine* 1 , is to b«» legislated out
of his S'-ut in the upper house of the
Legislature. The scat will then be given
to Denhery.
In order to accomplish this task the
: body 'if politicians who are the
■willing slaves or' Dun Burns propose to
clflay the business o& the Legislature
for the period of one week In order in
secure time in which t<> carry out their
plan and seat Dennery prior to the day
<>n which the vote will be taken for
Vnit-'il States Senator. Dennery is one
of th<- most pronounced believers in
the omnipotence of Colonel Kurns. He
wants a chance to vote for Burns loi
Senator. Colonel Burns wishes to give
him that chance, because votes are
Bcarce in spite of assertions to the
contrary, and in order t" do so the
colonel has mapped out a plan or' ac
tion which will (>•• carried out at all
Tiazanis.
The plan In brief consists in deferring
the permanent organization of the Leg
fslature. According to the provision
of the constitution the Leffislature must
mccl on the lirst Monday after the
first day of January. The law also pro
vides that the election of a United
States Senator must be held by the
Legislature not later than the second
lay afte.r the permanent organiza
tion of the Legislature. If permanent
organization were effected <>n Monday,
the day of meeting, then the election
of United States Si nator would be held
nn January li. If permanent organiza
tion be delayed untH Tuesday the elec
tion of United Slates Senator would not
then be held until January lv
It takes some time to perfect and hear
n contest. It would be next tv impos-
Fi'ole to decide the matter of v con
tested seat in one week, bur it would
bo quite possible to rush the matter
through in two weeks. If the election
of United States Senator were post
poned until January 18. the conspirators
would thus have ample time in which
to unseat Aslie and seat Dennery In
time to allow him to east his vote for
Dan Burns for Senator. For this rea
son and for no other the permanent or
ganization of the Legislature will not be
effected on Monday, January 3; the
business of the session will be delayed
ono week or more: the people of the
State will have to shoulder the "burden
of expense, and all because Dan Burns
wants to Becure for himself another
Vote.
In planning and carrying out the
CRYSTALLIZING AGAINST BURNS.
Tlip situation is "crystallizing" (that favorite expression of the
Mexican horse racer) with tremendous rapidity these Jays, but
probably not as "Colonel" Burns would like to see it, for the crys
tallization. Instead of being in favor of Colonel Dan's election to the
I'nited States Senate, is. on the contrary, decidedly otherwise. The
fact is— and it is a fad apparent to every man in California who
has eyt-s to see with, and ears to hear with— that public sentiment is
solidifying Kgainsl Han Burns, or any other man the Southern Pa
cific Company may •name" as the candidate for the I'nited States
Senate. What is wanted for that high and honorable office is not
a man whose record as a State official is such as to make a Califor
nian blush, ami whose record as a Mexican miner is such as to have
landed .Mr. Burns at one time in jail, where, from all appearances,
he is likely to land again as soon as the Mexican authorities can
g-t their hands on him.
Is it possible for an honorable citizen of the State of California
•'■ consider for one moment the possibility of permitting a creature
like Dan Burns to represent him and his interests at the nation's cap
ital? Is it possible for honest Itepublieans to sit quiescent and per
mit their representatives in the Legislature to elect a man to the Sen
ate who lias no standing as a citizen except in gin mills, at race
courses and in the murky muddle of ward politics? Is it possible
that hitherto honored and respected citizens of the. community, such
as the Republicans have elected to the State Senate and Assembly,
Will be so weak rind despicable as to destroy themselves and tils
honor their wives and children by voting for a man who is not fit. In
any sense, to perform the office of Constable in the smallest township,
in the State? Any man in his senses must say no to all these quer
i it is against the canons of common sense to presume that a
majority of the Legislature can be led through any sort of influence
into bartering their manhood and betraying their State l.y voting a
Dan Hums into the highest ufllce In the gift of the people.
We are rapidly reaching a point where it must be "anything to
boat Dan Burns," for it is clearly evident that the evil political ele
ments in California — the Her Tins, the H. Z. Osbornes, the W. F. X.
Parkers, and all the heelers and oanaille of the party — are in "ca
hoota" to absolutely destroy the Republican organization by electing,
if they can, this discredited ex-ofll< ial and political boss, whose ex
altation to high place would make every honest citizen of this K^nT
commonwealth hang his head in very shame. Men and brethren, "we
are up against it," ami the "it" Is "anything to beat Burns!" -Los
Angeles Times. _ ■
CALIFORNIA'S THREATENED DISGRACE.
The Dan Hums gang of touts, heelers and political highbinders
are attempt Ing a smooth game with the people of California, but it
won't work. Every politician In the State knows that Burns Is an
active, aggressive and personally offensive candidate for the United
States Senate, and that he and his fawning satellites are .Working
with all the power of the machine, aided by Herrin of the Southern
Pacific, to seduce the members of the Legislature Into falling in be
hind the colonel from Mexico, to the end that -he shall succeed
Stephen M. White. But the people of California are becoming
aroused to the situation and they are telling their representative!
in the Legislature that a vote cast for Dan Burns means the deep
damnation, political and social, of the representative who casts it.
The election of this pothouse boss and racing sharp to the Senate
would be a disgrace to the State of California, and it would simply
mean the turning of the Republican party of the State into a wreck
resembling the Cristobal Colon on the shore of Cuba. Every good
citizen, every good Republican, every man who has the honor of 'Cali
fornia at heart, and a just pride in his citizenship, will take an
active interest in opposing this infamous proposition of electing the
Southern Pacific's go-between, Daniel M. Burns, to represent this
great State in the highest legislative body in the World. When such
thing's as this confront an intelligent and honr^t people it is not to
be hndered at that their minas begin to run on the subject of i*ope
and tar and feathers! — Los Angeles Times.
scheme above outlined Colonel Burns
and his supporters have given no con
sideration to the wishes of the people of
San Francisco who reside in the Twen
ty-fourth Senatorial District. The vot
ers of this district elected Aahe in the
face of the combined opposition of hired
thugs, heelers and the riffraff of the
tenderloin which rallied in support of
Dennery. The ruffianly methods of
Dennery's supporters at the polls on
election day were of the most disgrace
ful character, and were openly counte
nanced by the police by reason of the
fact that Police Commissioner Qunst
was working in the interests of Burns'
nominee. Innocent and inoffensive citi
zens were assaulted at the polling
places for no other reason than that
they were suspected of being friends
of the Democratic candidate. Hired
prize-fighters and plug-uglies marched
up and down In front of the booths
openly boasting that they were there
to smash the heads of all who came to
Vote for Ashe. A few arrests were made
for the sake of appearances, but the
offenders were immediately released
and allowed to again take up their sta
tions in front of the polling places.
In spite of these conditions and the
additional fart that the district is or
dinarily Republican the decent people
of the district rallied in sufficient num
bers to give Ashe a majority of the
votes cast. That he is not to be allowed
to occupy the seat so hardly won is
evident. Some time ago Dennery filed
a contest, alleging fraud. The con
test was set fur hearing before Jus
tices Kerrigan and Groezinger. Dennery
now contends that Ashe had not re
sided in the district for one year be
fore the holding of the election, as re
quired by law, in proof of which he
brings forward the record showing that
Ashe voted in th^ Twenty-second Sen
atorial District at the freeholders' elec
tion last Dei ember. After all of the
evidence has been taken in the matter
it will be transmitted to the Senate,
which will then decide as to which of the
contestants is entitled to the seat. The
formality of counting trie votes cast in
the district will be dispensed with, as
such an undertaking requires time, and
it is very necessary that Ashe shall be
thrown out and Dennery thrown in be
fore the election of United States Sena
tor in order that Colonel Burns may
gain another vote.
As the case now stands Mr. Ashe may
as well make up his mind to remain at
home and thus save time, trouble and
expense, for Colonel Burns will not al
low him to take a seat In the Senate.
The time that will be neressarv to
make this decision permanent and legal
■will be so short that Mr. Ashe's tier
diem will not amount to enough to uav
his hotel bill and traveling expenses.
After Colonel Burns has succeeded in
stealing a seat in the State Senate for
his man Friday, he will then proceed
with Ins attempt to steal a seat in the
United States Senate for himself.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1898.
METHODS OF
FERRY DEPOT
MEASUREMENTS
Sorrows of the Sen
ate Committee.
A DRAGGING INVESTIGATION
HOW WOODWORK AND IRON
WORK ARE JOINED.
Masonry Contractor McCarthy Re
fuses to State the Amount of
His Vermont Marble
Profits.
It iB rumored that. one .of the first. acts
of the Legislature will be to offer a prize
for public building', measurements—some
what-along the line ; of ; the missing word
contests— in which' contractors will be in
vited to get out their tapelines and ascer
tain the dimensions of the structures they
have built. . It is not yet known what the
prize will be, but from th« severity of
the ; task the award to the lucky competi
tors can only be considerable. This novel
idea is the result of several weeks of
hard work on the part of the Senate Com
mittee investigating; the ferry depot puz
zle. ' •■ ■ ■ ■;.:.'-.* -..'■" ■>
Men who took contracts to work on the
great stone and .steel house have come
before that legislative body /to tell how
well they builded have stopped short when
asked • simple pointed questions. They
have come with countless figures relative
to ' the- amounts and values— from' their
own private ■ memoranda— of materials
they- used in the course . of, construction,
but have shied 'at every, attempt of the
investigators to get behind their exhibits.
They know the committee's expert is in
correct in -his estimates' on their J work,
grossly unfair and Incorrect. ' They rap-
Idly pass. from original specification to re
vised plan, and explain along a line over
the hill and far away from the simple
point at issue. They talk volubly of al
lowances or deductions which were to
bear the same proportion to the total
contract price which the work added or
decreased should bear to the whole work
contracted for.
They tell from their prepared tables how
much the State would have lost ' if the
same materials had been used and the
same space filled therewith in accordance
with the original specifications; but as the
work had been, done in accordance with
the revised plans the State was the gainer
thereby. Both "addition" and "reduc
tion" in the course of construction were,
money in the public pocket. Against .this
stands the State experts statement that
by reason of changes in plans, of unau
thorized substitution of one thing" for an
other and of jugglery in the laying of
brick, in the riveting of steel sheets and
the setting of masses of stone the State
is out about $100y)00.
The contractors have denied this, but
the denial has not been made good. Archi
tects- Reid and Faville may lie in error.
Possibly the official records over which
they have labored since September have
told them no truths; perchance those
records are silent on the methods by
which the ferry depot arose from ground
to mezzanine; but the witnesses who have
gathered before the Senate Committee to
topple over the expert testimony have
made explanations that did not explain,
have groped for answers when broken in
upon by querists, have led one another
across miry places with the tenderness of
counsel for client; but they have brought
confusion and not satisfaction.
To a casual looker-on cornea the ques
tion as 10 what they l are trying to get at,
and to a closer observer they are either
befogged or befogging. L>ast Thursday
the committee adjourned for the purpose
of permuting Contractor Bateman to get
the dimensions of the pine partitions and
other woodwork he nad ■ put Into the
building. Chairman Dickinson had asked
him for information on the subject, had
simplified and repeated the question with
out eliciting an answer. The committee
had been unable to get the contractor and
the expert on common ground for a be
ginning, and insisted on Bateman finding
an answer, even if he had to get a tape
line and measure up his work.
Yesterday morning came, but no report.
The contractor had been unable to find an
architect to make the measurements. It
was a work of such magnitude, they had
told him, that days would be consumed in
the task.' Some of the labor had been
covered by subsequent work and- was out
of sight; partitions had "died" —
'tis a good word— hud disappeared at their
ends in wooden joints against masonry;
other woodwork had been covered or hud
died in something else and could not be
found.
"can't you possibly find somebody — the
State will pay him," wearily exclaimed
General DicKlnson, "who will go into that
building with a foot rule and lind out how
many square feet are in those partitions?
Get a Btepladder and a stenographer. ll J ut
your architect on the ladder and let the
stenographer take down his words. Can
you have your report here by— how long
will it take you to get a report?"
Judge Sullivan for Bateman mentioned
next Wednesday and the next meeting
was set for that day.
Architect Swain, who revised the plans
for the Harbor Commission, was asked
If there was in the specifications any
plan of joining wood to, iron. He. said
there was none.
Dickinson— Well, how were the carpen
ters and iron men to make those connec
tions?
Swain — different workmen didn't
bother themselves about that. Each man
simply does his own work and pays no at
tention to the work of the other.
Dickinson — Would not the Ironworkers
make some provision for joining onto the
woodwork?
Swain— l don't know.
Dickinson— Well, did they? -
Swain— l think not.
Dickinson— ls it not unusual in building
to have no plans for such fastenings?
Swain— lt is not unusual.
Contractor Bateman said he should have
charged the State $3260 for certain work,
but lowered his bill to $2230 45. and he held
that the public was "in" that difference.
By Expert Reid's figures the State lost on
this work $1137 25. The total loss to the
State on the Bateman contract by Reid's
report is over $28,000.
Contractor Charles F. McCarthy testi
fied as to the masonry. He was asked
about the Colusa stone, and stated that
he was sorry the commission did not re
ject his Vermont marble bid, as he then
controlled the Colusa quarry and could
have made more money out of the State
than. he had made. . ■. •••
In reply, to a question, he said that he
had received bids from ■ different marb*e,
men, the lowest of which was a $14,000
proposition, but he accepted the offer of
the Vermont quarry, which was for
$20,000.
Dickinson— Senator Proctor, the man
ager of that. quarry, came next to visit
you. did he not
McCarthy— Yes; and we closed the bar
pain.
Dickinson— Mr. McCarthy, what did you
really get that marble for? i,
McCarthy— that question, general. I
will call attention to the board's ;■ resolu
tion: "The board shall have the right to
Increase or diminish the work described
in these specifications."
Dickinson— ln such case, what did you
really give for that marble?
■ McCarthy— l decline to .'answer. If the
Senator was good enough to' make me: a
present of the marble I - don't think the
State ouent- to have the- benefit of the
amount I obtained from the contract aft-
I erward. 'ajSfcSSI
It* will be remembered that this ques
tion was asked Mr. Hawley. the local
manager of the Vermont marble quarry,
and he also refused to answer. Both Mc-
Carthy and Hawley will be subpenaed
before the Senate at Sacramento ■to ■ give
testimony in the matter. .• ...
An Indiscreet Barber.
Barber No. 10 in a hip: shop in the cen
tira.l part of the city has an unhappy
faculty of telling: the right story at the
wronp time, and no sooner had he half
finished singeing the hair of a victim
than he started: "Two months ago," he
began, "In New York a funny incident
happened. A barber there— head a little
to the right, please — was singeing the
hair of a sailor. The barber had two
combs. One of them, a steel affair, he
used for singeing. He had gotten near
ly through when his attention was called
away for a moment, and he put down
this comb. Without thinking he took up
the other one when he came bax:k. Don't
get uneasy. I'll be through -in a minute
or so. Well, no sooner had he touched
the comb to the flame than the comb
blazed us, the man's hair caught and his
scalp was terribly burned before the
flames could be put out. The comb wad
relluloid, you see. Hold up; what's your
hurry? "What, you're not going to wait?
Got to catch a train? What? Never
get your hair singed again? The custo
mer by this time was making a streak
tor the door, and in another minute dis
appeared, and the barber doesn't know
yet what frightened the man.—Philadel
phia Times.
QUARTET OF SCOTCH YARNS.
Told by a Scotch-American Who
Lately Visited His Native Land.
"When I crossed the border from Eng
land to Scotland," said John Wharton
this morning, "i listened for a good speci
men of the Scotlsh dialect. At this sea
son it is customary, even, on the hnest
day, for flying showers to pass over the
country., drenching everything, followed
in a few minutes by bright sunshine, dry-
Ing everything up again in a very short
time. That rain stopped for a few min
utes at Lockerbie, when I heard one auld
wine say to anither: 'Janet, it's a gay bit
shoorie.' 'Ou, ay,' says Janet, 'but it's nae
what ye wud ca a weeting rain.'
"During the summer," continued Mr.
Wharton, "the northeast coast of Scot
land ia full of fisher folk— men and women
from the highlands— who come to get
\\ ork at the great herriTig harvests. Some
of them are rather rough, and the resi
dents do not always speak well of them.
In riding on the train from Auehnagati
to Aberdeen one morning my friend anu I
were speaking about fisherfolk. We were
saying nothing derogatory, of them, but
an old woman on the car evidently
thought so, for by and by she broke
forth, saying: 'Indeed, ye forget tnat
when our Savior had to choose his apos
tles he passed by* all Ither occupations
and choose them from the lisher folk.' "
"I went to the old United Presbyterian
kirk," said Mr. Johnston, "at Savoch,
about a mile from our farm, and I was re
minded of a good story about the minis
ter some sixty years ago. His name was
Rey. David Caw, and he was a very di
minutive man, standing only about 5 feet
2 inches. lie led to the altar a strapping,
handsome lass, some five or six inches
taller than he, and her name was Grace
Wilson. The Sunday after the wedding
he got a neighboring minister to preach
for him, so that he could sit with his bride
on the tirst Sunday. The minister was a
good deal of a wag. so Mr. Caw made
him promise faithfully that he would. not
allude in his sejmqn to himself,' his bride,
or the fact of the marriage. So he prom
ised that in his sermon lie would make iv>
allusion of that kind whatever/ but Mr.
Caw nearly sank through the floor when
the text was given out— "Efphesiana iii:S:
'Unto me, who am less Chan the last of
all saints, is this Grace given.' "
Another story Mr. Johnson tells ia.
vouched for. he says, by every apprecia
tive Scotsman who tells it and so it must
be true. It is this:
"In Braemar there lived a good old
Scotch father, whose portion of worldly
goods was a fair one. except that they
Included a scolding wife. She was noted
all up and down the shire for her sharp
tongue. One day she died, to all appear
ances. Preparations were made for the
funeral, and, indeed, it had progressed so
far as the carrying out of the coffin, when
In the narrow" passage tne well-meaning
but awkward pallbearers Jostled against
it and it was hit smartly upon the casing
of tne door. The next instant the scold
ing and only partly departed wife had
pome to life and sat up in her cerements.
What she said was not recorded, but a
few years after that she died again, and
this time they were fairly sure that they
were dealing with the real thing. But
when they bore her down the. hall again
the bereaved husband called out in a shrill
and anxious treble: '.
" 'Ca canny! « 'a canny : (Go carefully.)
It was there" that she came roun' last
time!' " Milwaukee Wisconsin
BOB'S EXAMINATION.
His Father's Trouble Was Not Hered
itable.
Old Bob conceived the idea of having his
life insured. ' '
"Flow much do you weigh? asked the
examining physician.
"I weigh 'bout tifteen ponn s more den
my wife does." .„,,
"Well, but how much does she weigh?
"I'se dun forgot; but she's a whopper,
lemme tell yer.
"How tall are you?"
"Who — me?"
"Yes, you."
"Lemmo see. Poos yer know Abe Sevler
whai worked fur ok- man I'lummer?"
"No."
"Wall, I'se sorry, fur I ain't quite ez tail
ez he Is."
The doctor, after weighing old Bob and
measuring his height . asked;
"How old are you?"
"Who— me?"
"Yes. of course you. Tou are being ex
amined."
"Bat's a fark. "Wall, lemme see. My
birfday comes in July, an' now whut I
wants'ter git at is how many Julys i ken
recolleck. Ain't dat de pint?"
"Yes."
"Wall, lemme see. Blame ef I know.
Suppose we make it August, 'stead of
July?"
"What difference would that make?"
- "Doan't know, but It's jes' ez easy."
"I'D put you down at fifty."
"Put who down at fifty?
"You, of course."
"No. bosa, doan' put me down at fifty.
Jes' say seventy-five."
"Why do you wish to appear so old?"
"Wall, yer see, I'se gwlnter git er 'vorce
from my present wife an' marry er young
gal. Ef a mail dats got a house an' lot
is mighty ole, er young gal will marry
him. 'cusp slit; thinks dat he will soon
drap (.!'! an' den do house an' lot will show
her up mighty fine in de market."
"How old is your father?"
" 'Bout er hunnered an' ten."
"You don't tell me so?"
"Yes, I does."
"Is he in good health?"
"Oh, no. sah, dat ain't whar he Is. He's
In de grabe."
"Thought you said he Is 110?"
"lie Is. You didn't ax me how old he
wuz when he died."
"Well, how old was he when he died?"
" 'Bout forty."
"Had he enjoyed good health?"
"Oh, yes, .sah; de healthiest man yer
eber seed."
"Did he have a lingering disease?"
"Whut sorte 'zeaze?"
"Was he sick very long?"
"Oh. no, sah. He dropped off mighty
sudden."
"Heart disease?"
"No, sah."
".Did the doctors attend him?"
"Yes, sah."
"Well, what did they say was the mat
ter with him?"
"Da didn't say much o' nothin'. One o'«
'em climbed up an' put his year agin de
ole man an" said dat he wuz dead enough
ter be cut down. Den de Sheriff cut him
down an" put him in er box. Doan' think
dat he had heart 'zeaze, boss. Think dat
he hud sumo sorter trouble wid his naik "
"Look here, I don't believe that you
want your life insured."
"I doan 1 b'lebe I does sah. since yer's
gunter pry inter a man's family history
Good-day, sah."— Arkansas Traveler
Aliens as Lawyers.
The Siamese Prince who has just been
lulled to. the bar at the Inner Temple in
an Instance of how ready the English
people are to open the door to the for
eigner. It is no doubt a compliment to
ourselves that aliens, and especially those
of high rank, should seek admission ito
our Inns of Court, and we are probably
the only country in the world wnere the
honor Is sought. It is due, no doubt to
the fact that our courts are held through
out the world in the highest esteem, and
our system of jurisprudence, far from per
fection though it may be, is the best that
at present prevails. In other countries
naturalization must precede the certilicate
of qualification; but with us the certifi
cate of fitness alone is essential In the
United States naturalization Is insisted
on, and operates harshly against English
barristers seeking admission to the State
courts. There is one case, however, when?
an Englishman succeeded by a side-wind
in gaining the desired privilege without
even passing an examination. By the laws
of a certain State all citizens who de
clare their intention of practicing in the
courts may do so at once on sub
scribing to the form provided. But sev
eral years are required for full naturaliz
ation, and this was overcome by the gen
tleman in question joining the State mili
tia after declaring his intention to become
an American citizen, and this entitled the
militiaman to all the rights and privileges
of a citizen; including, of course, the right
to practice as a counselor at law. — Lon
don Pall Mall Gazette.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
k or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-10 M Mission.
INCREASE IN
THE NUMBER OF
COOLIES LANDED
High Water Mark for
Two Years.
MORE THAN SEVEN THOUSAND
THE ROAD MADE SMOOTHER BY
CHIEF MEREDITH.
Enormous Corruption Fund Availa
ble for the Nefarious Traffic in
Human Flesh and
Blood.
The great and disproportionate increase
in the number of Chinese male laborers
and female slaves admitted" at the port
of San Francisco during the present ad
ministration of Customs Collector Jack
sun,-with the Chinese Bureau In charge
of Ben K. Meredith, has caused alarm
among persons conversant with the facts
and having the interests of the State and
of the white laboring element at heart.
In 1896 there were landed by the col
lector 1749 Chinese men and women at
this port. In 1897 the number had swelled
to 3540— more than twice the number. In
IS9S, the year not yet being finished and
the tide of coolie immigration having been
recently checked by the exposures
made in The Call, the number is 3203. Dur
ing the years 1895, 18%, 1597 and 1898 the
total number landed was 9871. The num
ber admitted during 1897 and lsys under
the Jackson-Meredith management of the
bureau was 7l!0:;, making in round num
bers seven-ni'iths of the whole total of
the four years. Yet -it was during this
preceding administration that' the Dick
Williams frauds were unearthed, where
it was shown that Williams had made a
fortune by selling Chinese certificates of
registration.
Various inferences are being drawn from
this condition of affairs, the facts being
undisputed, for the foregoing figures have
been furnished to The Call by Collector
Jackson himself. The most common in
ference that is adduced is, that the in
crease in the influx of the Mongolian
horde is due' to the ease with which they
are now being admitted. It is a note
worthy fact that when {Tie Chinese Bu
reau makes a mistake the mistake is in
variably In favor of the Chinese and
against the Government. But there is
proof of something- worse than blundering
on the part of the bureau.- The case of
Fong Suey Wan is still fresh in the mem
ory of the public but there are some facts
connected with it which never have been
published. For instance, when the fact
was called to the attention of Collector
Jackson that Chief Meredith had been
warned by a. reporter that Fong Suey
Wan would escape unless he at once, tiled
charges against her, the Collector replied
that Meredith had denied the statement
of the reporter and insisted that he had
not been so warned. Whereupon the re
porter called upon Meredith, and Mere
dith denied that he had denied. Then went
the reporter to the Collector with the
fresh fact of the admission of Meredith,
and the Collector replied that he would
decline to discuss the matter at all.
Bx-Coilector Wise, now in Washington,
is circulating a story to the effect that be
fore he left San Francisco Collector Jack
son told him that ex-Assistant United
States Attorney Bert Schlesinger and Ma
tron Cameron of the Presbyterian Chinese
Home Mission had requested that Fong
Suey Wan be allowed to return to China,
Collector Jackson denies that he told Mr.
Wise anything of the kind, and Mr.
Sehlesinger and Miss Cameron deny that
they had interceded for Fong Suey W in.
They had asked that Ah Yen, a witness
against Fong Suey, might be allowed to
return to China, because her testimony
was of a hearsay character arid would not
be admissible in a court of law. The story
told by Wise would have the effect of ex
onerating Meredith from the charge of in
cnmpeteney or collusion if the oflicials at
Washington were not advised by the press
to the contrary.
Another of the peculiar mistakes of
Meredith was his neglect and refusal to
compel Chinese immigrants to sign their
names to the written statements made by
them to the officers of the Bureau. This
afforded no opportunity to the coolie to
say when confronted with his statement
in Commissioner Ht-acock's court that he
did not make such a statement and that
it had been incorrectly transcribed. Hence
Judge lleacock insisted that the state
ment should be signed, but for months
and months Meredith refused to comply
with his request, until The Call began to
direct attention to the suspicious actions
of the chief of the Chinese Bureau, and
until Commissioner Heacock had men
tioned the matter to the reporters upon
being pointedly asked why he had not in
sisted that the statements be signed. Then
it was that Judge Heacock explained the
fact that his repeated requests to Mere
dith had been Ignored. This action of
Meredith was in favor of the coolie im
porters, for without a signed statement it
was not possible for the Commissioner to
determine whether the applicant had or
bad not told contradictory stories.
The worst case of all developed a few
weeks ago. when a Customs Inspector
named Gavan intercepted a letter of in
structions that was being taken to an im
migrant on the Mall dock by a man
named Brown, who had up to that time
been employed occasionally by an attor
ney making a specialty of landing Chi
nese. The following is one of these sam
ple letters:
To Mrs. Yau Gum— Dear Aunt: My folks
veif landed safely on the second day of thu
third month, so dismiss all anxious thoughts
from your mini!.
1 trust you returned to China In good health
and that you are enjoying the blessings of life
and life itself.
We who are abroad. I am thankful to say,
are well also, and now wish to send you our
best wishes.
If you wish to return to this city and to
bring girls over, be sure to put up the claim
that they are of your own flesh and blood.
Buy them from two to three years of age. If
yuu Wisb some boys as well as girls, that is
left with you. If they should not be over two
years old say they were born In the eighth
or ninth month of the year (September or Oc
tober). If they should be over two years, say
they were born four or live months after you
had returned to Ohtna. If you should buy one
Kirl six or seven years old, be sure that you do
not buy one over big, lest the white people
Should Fi>"nk of your bringing over girls for
Immoral purposes.
If upon your arrival you should be asked
concerning the six or seven year old girl, you
Btßte that her relatives or friends being poor
anil not raving rice for her. had of their own
will and accord presented you with the girl, so
that she ran do errands for you and play with
the little children, and that when she grew
up, either here or China, she may become the
wife of some one. By doing this the prob
ability Is a landing will be secured. The only
thing we need .ear is that Quan Bin* may
enter into some kind of collusion with pro
fessional white witnesses and demand more or
less before being willing to guarantee their
landing. Other matters less important I shall
not now speak about. Will give you good iifws
from time to time. With kindest regards. I
remain, your affectionate nephew,
ON' TKUXG
The following is another and very sig
nificant letter intercepted on the Mail
dock:
To Chan Hingr— Dear Sir: Upon receipt of
this be sure to take the testimony and com
mit it to memory word by word. This is the
best way. The day the customs people come
down to examine you. the way they ask you,
the way you answer— these things you write
down In small and legible characters and very
particularly, and whenever iiny one is landed
you hand the writlns tn him to be quickly de
livered at my store. The Importance of" this
cannot be overesti mated. Notify every one
situated as you are to do exactly as i have
just advised.
Question— Any pond In your village?
Answer— There is a large pond right opposite
our house.
Question— Whn.t is the name of your village?
Answer— Kal Mok.
Question— Any hills n»ar your village?
Answer — There is a hill near our village
Question— How far Is the hill?
Answer— You say the hill can easily be seen
from the village.
Question— ls your house large?
Answer— Two bedrooms and a pnrlor.
Question— How far Is your house from your
uncle's?
An»wer--Three doors away.
As to other matters about home be sure to
say you don't know.
In this case Meredith made another
very peculiar "mistake." ■He sent for In
spector Gavan, took him into his private
office in the bureau and showed Gavan
two letters in Chinese, one of them being
the • letter intercepted by Gavan. his
will be distinguished in this story by the
name of the Gavan letter. . ■ . , ■.
"Now, said Meredith, : insinuatingly,
"you are not able to swear which one or
these two letters it was ; that you tooK
from Brown. It was this letter, wasn t
it, that you took?" indicating the wrong
letter. : ; ;. ■ . ■ „ ■
"No," replied Gavan, "it was the other
letter.".. . , i\ „
"How do you know?" persisted Mere
dith. "You can"t read Chinese."
And so the quizzing and badgering on
the part of the chief of the bureau went
on for half an hour." FinallyGavan ended
The interview, to the dismay, of the. bu
reau chief, by saying:. "1 know that the
letter you don't want »me to pick out is
the one 1 found on Brown, because 1 put
my private mark on It and here it is.
Besides that I have had a copy of that
letter made in case that the evidence
might not be destroyed by the loss. of tne
.^Meredith had been In the habit of issu
ing passes to attorneys and highbinders
to visit Chinese immigrants on the steam
ers, and at the mail dock. One of these
passes called for the admission of the at
torney, two highbinders and one wMte
man. Neither the names of . the hbl "
ders nor of the white men other than the
lawyer, were mentioned in **«£&£_"
directed Inspector O'Leary to pass Uw «
So-and-so (giving his name), two China
men and one white man. , so
The matter of letter Passing became so
SSSSn JS is^aTord^ha?^ S£
should be recognized
■Hi
Spear conceived it to be his dv *> a s an
thought otherwise, and a
lector about the matter he w^inforrnefa,
according to Collector J^ 0 " b t M r.
Emmmrn
it was under the administration 01 Wise,
whin Dick Williams was reputed to have
made between $50,000 and $bO,OOO by the
tr if is wen'K-n that Chinese brokers
are willing to pay $800 each for the ad
milsk)n of Chinese female slaves, and this
fact is backed up by a statement recently
made. in the Presbyterian Mission by a
Chinese slave girl, who said that she had
paid her owner $2700 cash per year ■ for
three years. The price for admitting
Chinese contract " laborers ranges from
$50 to $100 each. ' During Mr Wise s ad
ministration, when the immigration was
much lighter than it . is . now, Chinese
slave girls were admitted at the rate of
twenty per month. At $SOO each, this
would mean a corruption fund of $lb.l)w
per month, or $192,000 per annum, a sum
more than thirty-eight times the annual
salary of the Collector of the Port.
Collector Jackson admits that Mere
dith was a total stranger to him when he
appointed, him chief of the bureau. Mer
edith receives the same salary that he
did when he was a customs inspector—
namely $4 per day. Why the Collector
should select a total stranger to resist a
corruption fund so large is a problem that
would require a longer period than the
holidays to solve. Even the multiplica-"
tion of three thousand Chinese by fifty
dollars per head makes a fund that re
quires a strong four dollar a day man to
overcome. - .
■ • ■— ■ * ■ •
"LET 'EM ALL COME."
London Says This When It Means to
Be Facetious.
A new epidemic has broken out in the
metropolis. It is of a highly dangerous
type; vaccination will not prevent it,
neither has it any respect for the "con
scientious objector." The chief symp
tom of the disease is that persons
afflicted when spoken to display a curi
ous and weird smile and say with
gusto: "Let 'em all come."
When you first hear it it sounds
rather vulgar, but you repeat it two or
three times by way of a scientific test
and then it seems witty. By this time
you have caught the complaint and
have acquired an irrepressible propen
sity for saying it yourself. You cannot
keep It out of your conversation any
more than you can keep your feet out
of puddles in wet weather.
The phrase Is said to have originated
in a song sung by a well-known com
edian, but, be it noted, at a certain
celebrated music hall where the song
is not being sung there are forty-two
turns, and in each turn this phrase is
used at least once.
It was said by a conductor at the
Klephant and Castle when seventy
seven passengers tried to squeeze into
the last bus.
A nonconformist minister nearly said
it recently in his sermon, and his con
gregation nearly smiled.
If you are a young man lodger and
want to bring a half-dozen boon com
panions home to supper, or are think
ing of asking a friendly manager for a
few stalls for self and a small party
of relatives from the country, or seek
"diggings" somewhere in the suburbs
where there is no objection to eleven
squalling children, it is quite safe to
make your request, for the reply is sure
to be: "Let 'em all come."
Or, suppose you are a nervous man.
Now is the time to screw up courage.
If you hear that you may expect burg
lars, or you know your creditors are
planning a raid, or your most distant
relatives seem to be contemplating a
long stay, or you read in the evening
paper that the French have determined
to claim an outlet on the Thames some
where near your little plat of back
garden— upon hearing the news you are
sure to feel brave, and exclaim hero
ically: "What do I care— 'Let 'em all
come.' " — London Mail.
KILLING THE CHOLERA BACILLI.
How the Department of Agriculture
Is Stamping Out an Animal
Disease.
The efforts of Dr. D. E. Salmon, chief
of the bureau of animal industries of
the Department of Agriculture, to wipe
out the cholera bacilli by the Inocula
tion of swine with the serum made un
der his direction are meeting 1 with great
success. This serum, which is made at
the department station at Benning is
produced by drawing the blood of an
animal having the disease, which is
then set in pots to cool, when a straw
colored liquid separates itself from
the other. This straw-colored liquid
which is the serum, is removed and
placed in bottles, which are well sealed
Last year about 250 head of swine
were inoculated with the serum, and
this year the inspector of lowa, where
the disease raged, has so far made
about 1000 head practically immune.
Hog cholera has been known to farm
ers and scientists for fifty years or
more, and the anti-toxin treatment is
the most successful up to date. What
the origin of the cholera bacillus is, not
even Dr. Salmon knows, but it is a veg
etable organism, and, entering the
blood of a hog it accustoms i' elf to its
new conditions and becomes parasitic.
A Large and Leisurely Meteor.
An enormous meteor passed over
Glenville. W. Va., recently. It created
a terrible roaring noise and was heard
for miles around. For ten minutes the
sky was light as day. and men and
cattle ran about frightened and be
numbed as by an electric current. The
passing of the strange body caused a
rise of many degrees in the tempera
ture, and for an hour the air was hot
and stifling.— Baltimore American
JIM JEFFRIES
AND ED SMITH
WILL FIGHT
Olympic Club Makes
the Match.
DENVERITE SIGNS ARTICLES
SAYS PRELIMINARIES HAVE
HAVE i,EEN ARRANGED.
He Is in Good Condition and Believes
He Can Get Down to His
Old - Time Ring
Form.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, Dec. 24.— "Denver Ed"
Smith, now of this city, says he has
completed arrangements to meet Jef
fries, the Los Angeles heavyweight, be
fore the Olympic Club of San Fran
cisco during the last week in January
for a purse of $10,000. Smith has been
taking good care of himself since his
return from Dawson several months
ago and has been looking for a fight,
stating his preference to meet Jeffries.
He said to-day Jeffries had accepted
his challenge and the articles had ar
rived from San Francisco, been signed
by his manager, Alf Woods, and re
turned to San Francisco for the sig
nature of Jesffries' representative.
Smith is apparently in pretty good
condition and believes he can get down
to his old time ring form.
MATTHEWS BESTS KERWIN.
Fast Fight Before the Queen Citj}
Club of Toronto.
TORONTO, Dec. 24.— Matty Matthews
of New York met George Kerwin of
Chicago at the Queen City Athletic
Club to-night in a twenty-round bout.
They were weighed in at 138 pounds.
Matthews landed at random, but Ker
win appeared to be able to stand all
the punches.
The eighth round supplied the fast
est fighting ever seen in Canada. Ker
win started to rush but Matthews
stopped his rushes with uppercuts and
hard jabs and had Kerwin in difficulty
toward the end of the round. Despite
the fact that Kerwin was gettting the
worst of the go all the way through,
he did the rushing. Matthews' clever
ducking and getting away was ap
plauded. In the fifteenth Matthews
landed a couple of right swings on
Kerwin's face, but the Chicago man
always came back. In the ninth Ker
win's nose bled and Matthews' eye was
cut open in the nineteenth. Kerwin
had the better of the . last round.
Matthews received the decision.
Reception, for Judge Day.
CANTON. Ohio, Dec. 24.— At a meeting
of the Stark County Bar to-night it wa*
decided to tender a reception and banquet
to William R. Day, the president of the
Peace Commission, after his return to his
home in this city.
McKinley's Sentiments indorsed.
MILWAUKEE, Dec. 24.— "Wolcott PGst,
the largest Grand Army post in the State,
at a meeting has adopted resolutions in
dorsing the sentiments expressed by Pres
ident McKinley on his recent trip South.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. WURTH'S OPINION
OF THE NEW DISCOVERY IN MEDI-
CINE
A Remarkably Successful Remedy for
Dyspepsia, Indigestion and Stomach ,
Troubles.
Dr. Wurth, in commenting on recent
discoveries in medicine, said: There is
none which is certain to be so valuable
and far reaching in benefit as Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets, the new stomach
remedy; I say far reaching, because
people little : realize how important : a
sound stomach and vigorous digestion
is to every, man, woman and child. ..
'.'. Indigestion is the starting point of;
consumption, heart disease, Bright's
disease, diabetes, nervous prostration,
liver troubles; why is this so? ; Simply
because every nerve, muscle and tissue
in our bodies is created and nourished
from the food we eat. If that food is,
by reason of a weak stomach, compelled
to lie for hours, a sour, fermenting
mass; of half digested food, it poisona
the blood and nervous system, creates '
gas which distends the stomach and
bowels, causing pressure on the heart,
lungs and other organs, and seriously
impeding their action.
He says further, the point to direct
attention is not the nerves, nor heart,
nor lungs, nor kidneys, but .the stom-
ach, the first cause of all the mischief.
The remedy to use for indigestion and
weak stomachs is not some cathartic,
but a remedy which will digest the
food, increase the flow of gastric juice,
absorb the gases, and Stuart's Dyspep-
sia. Tablets will accomplish exactly this
result in any case of stomach trouble,
because these tablets are composed of
the digestive acids, aseptic pepsin.
Golden Seal and bismuth, pleasant ta
taste, and not being a patent medicine,
can be used by anybody with perfect
safety. I believe Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets will cure any form of indiges-
tion and stomach trouble except cancer
of stomach.
Full size packages of Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablets are sold by druggists at 50
cents or by mail from F. A. Stuart Cr._
Marshall, Mich. A book on stomach
diseases together with thousands of
testimonials will be sent by addressing
above or call on your druggist for them.
Ifirw.' V& • The peeJia*
*% H n ft -Din — -^
"^mM %%M I \JT Mm.lll kept vigorous
THE HOME REMEDY -'-•?? 'f*". 1
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS**!?'^
w.-^ng. For all thess pain*, irregularities ami difficulties no
remedy on earth &a nn ,n: n Easily applied by ladyher-
tnnt-B'>.i_faniousJd<lU-K!O F elf. Wllcve* nil pain
jdjCtJSSI ln >« omb or Orarlen la 10 minute*.
?-&wSB Promptly relicTes Headache, Nausea, Blood and
ng7>2»2| Bla ' MerTro « bl Faintnem, Nervousness, Fear
ISt. *SirS ir - d Despondency. Cure* Leucorrho?a, Womb
E3k 8 ' &Si Complaintj, Di»plae*ment<, Backache, Bearin (
HEX *Sya^ P?wn Piim and all Female Disorder*. >E*k
/TlfL ' TSw>P an '*" ci Soreness and Ulcer»tion«.^^fa\
ik rrr\i h ' " '"' l ' * * piTits ana Vlt»?lxe«rJl»J
: : AW35£ lUrmlc^Sn; U^^bS^Ul VH?' '
complete a cure in ordinary cases. : ' ."
STOPS ALL PAlN i'i^'fßY ALL DRUGGISTS.
in I U MirlU 1 1> Th, T,rt<*« C».C«»«n Bldg. Chlea««
Sola by Owl Drag C 0.., & P.. and Oakland.
Q >" DR. JORDAN'S Great
im Museum of Anatomy
f p9ra& 1051 1USXET ST. let. 6th 4 7th, S. T. CIL
B - * M The Largest of i:.i kind in the 'World.
Jt|lb\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
•kill*** if Ac " ConiuKatloii free. Writ* for B»ok . ., ,
vl I of Marriagt.
-. •*.«*/■ HAiLco HICK. :;;.,.■. '■■'WHEELMEN'S
RACE MEET
AT SAN JOSE
All the Crack Riders
Will Appear.
CLUB RUNS FROM THIS CITY
BAY CITY CLUBS CHRISTMAS
TREE PARTY.
Oate Set for the Proposed. Indoor
Tournament at the Pavilion.
Pretty Compliment to
Mr. Welch.
Wheelmen who enjny the racing end of
the sport are takinp :i great d.al of inter
• lilt- race nuii to be given by the
Garden City Wheelmen at San Jose on
January 2 «>n their Caoroua three-lap ce
tra< k. As the track is of cement
.- slop. .] . t ii the way round the club
itik> itiir that th<- races will have
to be postponed on account of rain, as the
track dries in ten minutes after a shower
and nothing but an actual downpour dur
ing the running of th< events could neces
: :ont.
The match race tor |K0 between the two
crack professionals, Orlando L. Stevens of
Ottumwa, towa, and Hardy Downing of
Ban Jose will be th< feature of the card.
l'»>\h men are strong, gritty riders, and a
. match between ttaenj should be ex
citing. The following is the agreement the
men have signed regarding the match:
We, the undersigned, do hereby agree to
compete In a match race at a meet to bo held
by the Garden City Wheelmen on January 2,
IS9P. We further agree that said ' mutch race
will be run in mile heats, the winner of two
heats to be declared the winner tit the match.
In ease of fall or disabling of wheel the
referee shall decide it no heat and the can
ttbtants shall be called back and started over.
II is also agreed that each heat be from a
standing start ana be paced by a tandem, the
riders of which shall be selected by the con
testants, each contestant to select a rider.
This race Khali be run for a purse of $250,
to be paid by the Garden City Wheelmen im
mediately after the race In the presence of the
audience. In ease of postponement on account
at ruin or otherwise, this race shall be decided
on any day selected by the club.
HARDY DOWNING.
O. L,. STEVENS.
Witnesses: F. A. McFarland. L. o. .Sill.
The two open events on the programme
are for amateurs, and consist of a two
thirds of a mile handicap and one-mile
scratch. Entries must be sent to Robert
J. Butler, 126 South First street, San Jose,
by December 2<J, accompanied by the en
trance fee of ?1, or they will not be ac
cepted.
The local clubs are all going down to
cheer their riders on in the races. Cap
tain Menne of the Bay Cltya will take a
party down awheel Sunday morning. New
Year's day, and Captain Loos will take
down the Olympics Monday morning.
Many will also go by the 9 o'clock train
Monday morning, returning that night.
Taken altogether Sail Francisco will fur
nish a b*g crowd for the meet, and the
local men are complaining because the
San Jose club has made no effort as yet
to get them an excursion rate for the
journey from the railroad company.
The Bay City Wheelmen, always in
touch with the times, will have a big
Christmas tree at the club house Monday
night, December 2 >, and after the distribu
tion of the various gifts interchanged be
tween the members, the affair will be fol
lowed by an impromptu smoker. Refresh
ments will be served and the members are
looking forward to a jolly time.
Arrangements have progressed so far
with the proposed indoor tournament at
the Mechanics" Pavilion that the date has
already been set. It will open February
13 and will last two weeks. The tracK
has already beer contracted for and the
events and prize list will be announced
shortly. yesterday's telegraphic advices
from the Kast stated that one of the con
testants would be Jimmy Michael, the
champion middle-distance rider of the
world. This new» was received with much
gratification by the local men, who are
very desirous of seeing the midget won
der perform. If the management brings
out Eastern cracks of this caliber the
meet cannot be aught but successful, as
Michael alone i ; ? a wonderful drawing
card, and pitted 'against men almost his
equal the events will be highly exciting.
Under the heading "A Loss to the
Sport" Cycling '.Vest of Denver in its
last issue pays th« following handsome
compliment to Rdbert M. Welch, ex-chair
man of tl 9 racing board and the leader
of Call for: las cycling affairs:
In the re : :rt-men:. cf Robert M. Welch from
a< uve official Darucination in the advance
ment r»f c. A. C. i_\ interests, that organiza
tion in particular and the sport in general
bulters an jrrepar&ble loss.
Us X jbert" is one of cycl ing's historic
arks. For years he has been at the head
aiMi .front of the tDOTt, and nis name is in
delibjy associated with all that Is honest,
manly and clean In that connection. Earnest,
a^sresslv.- and cansclentloui in all his actions,
... broad and >qultable in ail his thoughts,
concise and forceful in all his expres-
M.n.b, he has made hu personality the crite
rion f^r sporting; futurity.
The coast contingent will miss him as they
would no other man of their association. Miss
the energy, nerve and balanced discretion that
iiiaJe liis presence a pleasure in their councils
and his name a power In the cycling worM.
Miss the genial prrs.inality, the sage advice,
n and tli>- honest purpose that
over were • '■ ot the first exponent
of cycling amenities on the coast.
We concur.
Alfred I'rince-Rhys, brother of Albert
King-Rhvs, the well known bou vivant
of the Bay City Wheelmen, is expected
here in a few days on a holiday visit to
his brother, and will receive a warm wel
come at the club, where he has many
friends.
The next meeting of the California As
sociated Cycling Clubs will be held Sat
urday evening, January 7. at the rooms
of the Cycle Board of Trade, in the Par
rott building.
Baker <& Hamilton, donors of the
beautiful C. A. C. C. 20-mile trophy, have
Kline out of the bicycle business and will
probably have less interest now in the
running of that classic event. James M.
Hamilton etill retains the secretaryship
of the Cycle Board of Trade, however.
Harry Terrill, the well known Bay
City professional racing man, is doing
well in the East. Recently in an indoor
match race with Jay Eaton, the "Indoor
King," he defeated Eaton in two straight
mile heats In record time.
The annual election "f the Olympic
Club Wheelmen will be held on Tuesday
evening. January 10. A members' meet
ing will be held next Tuesday evening,
December 27, to nominate such officers.
R. C. Lennie will leave Monday for a
trip South and. East. On his return he
will turn over the Morgan & Wright
agency to his successor (not yet selected)
and go to Los Angeles, whore he will take
up his resldenc/ permanently, handling
leveland output In conjunction with
igtendorf.
The Haywards electric road has shown
another evidence of Us friendliness to
ward the wheelmen by adopting a rule
whereby in future no charge will be
made for whr -els carried on its line when
..ipanicd by the owner. In the past
ihle fare was exacted for the wheel
;tnd rider. Racks are hl*o being placed
i ii the cars to facilitate the carrying of
iuycles. The wheelmen should be ap
tlve of these courtesies.
The banquet of the members of the Bay
Wheelmen last Saturday night was
an enjoyable affair that they have
decided to hold another on Saturday
• vonlng next, December 31, to see the old
■•it. ,
A Monomaniacal Witness.
"That calls to mind a queer experi
ence of my own," said a lawyer who
had listened to a story. "Some years
;.po I defended a fellow for murder in a
little Southern town, and the worst
witness we had against us was an old
German who was a stack builder by
trado. A ntark, by the way, is merely
another name for a big chimney. The
old fellow was perfectly honest and
he gave his evidence in such a clear,
straightforward manner that I felt my
client was doomed unless I could think
of some way to break him down. While
1 was cudgeling my brains a friend
whispered to me to ask him hew high
he could build a stack. 'What do you
mean,' I asked, in surprise. 'Never
mind,' said my friend. 'Just slip in
that question and see.' So at the tail
end of the cross-examination I paused,
as if struck by an afterthought, and
said: "You are a stack builder, I be
lieve?' 'Yes, sir,' replied the witness.
Well, sir,' 1 continued, "about how high
can you build—' I never got any fur
ther. A swift, inscrutable change
flashed over the German's face and he
rose excitedly from his chair. 'As high
as der sky!' he roared. 'So high dose
angels come around It like birds!' In
five seconds he was raving. You see.
the man was a monomaniac— sane on
every subject but one, and my friend
happened to know his weak spot. It is
hardly necessary to say that his evi
dence In regard to the homicide was
promptly ruled out by the Judge, and
as there was no other witness of im
portance my man was cleared. The
rascal should have been hangml. and
would have been but for the lucky ref
erence to the stack."— New Orleans
Times-Democrat.
TITLES CLOUDED.
A Curious Case by Which Many
Property Owners Are Affected.
A very unusual point of law has
arisen and been passed upon by the
Superior Court whereby the title is
clouded of the Spring Valley Homestead
Association, the French and Oilman
tract, the College Homestead Associa
tion, the De Boom tract, the Jones Ad
dition and generally upon lots and
blocks of land comprising some two
hundred acres of land surrounding St.
Mary's College near the Mission road.
The case is an interesting one and is of
material moment to some four hundred
property owners who have purchased in
that district. The properties involved
are valued at about one million dpllars.
•in the -4th of Decemfeier a 1859, the
Islais and Salinas Water Company was
incorporated and Francis Lv A. Pioche,
Henry A. Cobb and Cornelius de Boom,
all of whom are now dead, were the
trustees in 1860 of the corporation, which
was vested with complete title to the
two hundred acres of land now cut up
in the various lots and blocks of the
homesteads above named. All of this
property has since January, 1860, been
conveyed by deed of the three trustees
and the attesting clause reads as fol
lows in all deeds made by the Islais and
Salinas Water Company, a corporation,
viz.:
"In witness whereof the said 'The
Islais and Salinas Water Company, 1
lirst party, in pursuance of a resolution
duly passed by all the stockholders of
said company, have caused these pres
ents to be signed by Francis L. A.
Pioche, Henry A. Cobb and Cornelius
de Boom, as trustees, and in the ab
sence of any corporate seal have caused
the private seals of its said trustees to
be hereto affixed.
"F. L. A. PIOCHE. Trustee (Seal).
"H. A. COBB, Trustee (Seal).
"C. DE BOOM, Trustee (Seal).
An action of ejectment in the
case of Barney vs. Pforr was
brought before Judge Seawell of the
Superior Court, who held the deed bad
in law. The case was carried to the
Supreme Court, -which at page 56-59 of
117 California affirmed the decision of
Judge Seawell. The decision was to the
effect that the deeds were bad in law
f.>r the reason "where the deed purports
to be sealed by the private seals of the
trustees of a corporation, for the al
leged reason that the corporation has
no seal, ratification, In the absence of
record proof of authority for the deed,
cannot be inferred from the delivery of
the deed."
A hearing in bank was denied and
thus the flaw in the title was confirmed
by the highest court of the State. Re
cently a case was brought by parties
who, having obtained the legal author
ity to sue In the name of the Islais and
Salinas Land and Water Company,
have tiled a complaint in action to quiet
title to the entire tract of two hundred
acres which comprises all of the above
named homesteads and tracts. The
California Title Insurance and Trust
Company is about to file answers for all
persons it has insured in these tracts
and has at its own expense arranged
to quiet the title of all those covered
by Its policies, which in this section
number over fifty. While the court
would probably hold that owners in this
section may not be ejected by reason of,
in the majority of cases, an occupation
of at least twenty years, yet the cloud
exists and the difficulty of selling prop
erty or of borrowing money upon it is
obvious. The point forcibly illustrates
the advantage of being secured by a
policy of title insurance for "a title per
fect of record may be worthless in
fact."
A CLOCK WITH A HISTORY.
Twice Stolen and Figured Promi
nently in a Tragedy.
It is an ordinary, everyday old clock,
not worth more than a few dollars at
best, and yet It has a history that led
to the death of Police Officer Nicholson
fifteen years ago.
At that time Officer Nicholson was
doing duty on Pacific street, from Stock
ton to Laflkin, and one night in the winter
time the grocery of George W. Reid,
on the corner of Pacific and Jones streets,
was broken into by a Chinese burglar,
who giiinod admittance through the tran
som and stole a clock. Officer Nicholson
saw the burglar coming out of the store,
and gave chase, following him across a
vacant lot, where the Mongolian turned
on him and slabbed him in the neck, cut
ting the jugular artery in so doing. Some
time during tne early morning the
body oL the murdered officer was found
lying cold and stiff, with the clock beside
it, the Mongolian having made good bis
escape.
Hi id got his clock back on Identifying
I It, and since that time it has wagged on
i the wall, pointing out the minutes and
hours of the day. In the meantime, Reid
moved from the hill and located at 153
Ninth street, taking the ill-omened time
piece with him. But once more the clock
disappeared. Last Friday evening a Chi
naman entered the store and asked for
some brand of goods that he said he
wanted. The proprietor stepped to the
rear of the store to find the article de
sired, and while his back was turned the
Chinaman rt moved the clock from the
j wall, placed it under his blouse and left
! the store.
The question now revolving through
i Reid's mind is, Was this the same China
man that stole the clock fifteen years
ago and committed murder in making
I his escape from the officer? In any case,
I he never wants the clock back.
TRIED TO HANG HIMSELF.
Frank Geary, While Despondent, At
tempts to Commit Suicide.
Frank Gtary, the driver of a milk wag
on, while suffering from an over-jndulg
ence in liquor last night attempted to
hang himself in a barn in the rear of his
home at 37 Collingwood s.reet. He had
tied a rope to a rafter and placing the
other end around his neck jumped off a
box upon which he was standing. One
of his relatives saw him enter the barn,
and suspecting that he intended to com
mit suicide, quickly followed him. !!<•
found the liquor crazed man suspended
from the rope, his hands clasped as if in
prayer. Taking out his knlt> he cut the
rope ami summoned a policeman. The
latter, convinced that Geary was mentally
deranged from tho effects of liquor, took
him to the Receiving Hospital, where he
whs placed in a cell in the insane ward.
It is said that (jeary, about two years
ago attempted to commit suicide by
shooting himself In the breast.
Stole a Cigar Holder.
J. K. Horrick, a laborer, was caught In
the net of stealing a cigar-holder from
the tobacco department of tho Emporium
last night and was^arrested on a charge
of petty larceny.
Advances made on furniture and pianon, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25. 1893.
MAMMOTH ELECTRIC CHRISTMAS TREE.
Now on Exhibition In the Palace Hotel Court.
ACCORDING to annual custom, the Palace Hotel management has on exhibition in the court a mammoth elec
tric Christmas tree, which is attracting the admiration and amazement of the beholder. The tree is thirty-six
feet high and nearly two feet in circumference at the base. On its massive brunches ate 502 incandescent lamps
of seven different colors— red, white, blue, yellow, amber, purple and green, and the effect when the lights were
turned on last niyht for the first time was marvelously beautiful. «
Edgar C, Gribble, chief electrician of the Palace, put the tree in place with the assistance of eight menu He
says that.it came from Sonoma County and when first received was a somewhat shapeless mass of leaves and
branches. It weighs over a thousand pounds and it took four men four days to give it the symmetrical proportions
It now possesses. Additional branches were attached. Mr. Gribble performed all the electrical work himself and he
has been extremely fortunate in the resultant combination of colors.
The tree will be on exhibition all this week. Last night the vested boys' choir of the Good Samaritan Mission
pang several Christmas carols under the glare of the myriad of colored electric lights and a large crowd assembled
to hear the sweet strains.
A NEW BILL FOR
THE NATIONAL GUARD
MOVE TO BEORGANIZE IT ON
NEW YORK LINES.
Colonel S. S. Wright of the Sixth In
fantry Has Been Placed on the
Retired List — The Ex
atning Board.
The attention of those who are inter
ested in National Guard matters at this
time is directed to. the possible changea
that ma', be brought about by the Legis
lature that is. to meet next month. The
most important measure to be brought up
will be the bill that la being prepared
and Is Intended to place the guard of the
State on the same lines generally upon
which the guard of the State of New York
has recently been established. The bill
will introduce many radical changes
which it is claimed will be for its better
ment. One feature that will be intro
duced will be the placing of a naval at
tache on the staff of the eommander-in
chief and one on the staff of the division
commander, with the Idea that when any
matters come up that affect the naval
branch of the guard such will be directed
by the naval instead of the land officer.
On the application of the commander
of the Third Brigade, Lieutenant Colonel
J. T. Hay has. been relieved from active
duty and returned to the retired list. He
has been granted leave of absence for
one year, with permission to leave the
State.
Upon his personal request, Colonel S. S.
Wright of the Sixth Regiment of Infantry
has been placed on the retired list.
Lieutenant Commander Thomas A.
Nermey has been substituted for Captain
L. H. Turner, to act with Lieutenant El
liot and Lieutenant Lindsey on the special
board to inquire into the disappearance of
certain property of the Naval Militia re
ported missing under a previous adminis
tration. The substitution was on account
of the illness of Captain Turner.
The resignation of Joseph E. Delariey
of the Sixth Division of the Naval Militia
has : been accepted. ' ■-,,*,
Ensign Fred B. Bar num. Naval Militia,
having absented himself from the State
for more than thirty days, it is consid
ered at general headquarters- that he has
resigned. ■ - . ' „ "' ' . -.
Major C. F. yon Petersdorf , commis
sary of the Third Brigade, has been
granted six months' leave of absence,
with permission to leave the State.
Lieutenant H. L. Walthall of Company
D Sixth lefantry, has been granted leave
of 1 absence for sixty days. ■■■*.-
Major John T. Jones, judge advocate.
First Brigade, has been granted leave of
absence for. thirty days, with permission
to leave the State. ,
Major J. A. Margo, commissary of the
Second Brigade, has been detailed. as a
member of the Examining Board, vice
Colonel James F. Smith, absent in Manila
with his regiment. ■-- t .
The matter of a military escort on the
occasion of the inauguration of the Gov
ernor at Sacramento next month has not
yet been settled. •■■-.,■■.■
Company A, Captain Poulter, Fifth In
fantry, and the Signal Corps. of, the Sec
ond Brigade, Captain Hewes, are both
ready to go -at .-a -moment's, notice "if the
committees havinpr the ; affair in charge
desire their presence..
The following items from Manila cannot
but prove interesting to ■• the members iof
the National Guard in this city! . - ■■:;■
Charley Lindecker of ; Company B. who
is quite an artist, : has been making a
number of sketches of Manila,. which he
will show to the San Francisco boys on
his return. : ■ "' ' ■ ; ?- : ::".^< ■-•.■.-.-.'■-, ■■;,
Pete McCarthy of Company B, who was
chosen president of the ; Loky ' Loko Club,
was for a time in '• the • hospital. - but <■ he
came and was glven-a? reception.^
A! Althrope, Julius Miller and George
Mills, who used to delight the .members
of Company B in this city with vocal * and
Instrumental-- mu*h\ -are- the : loaders of
musical enjoyment on the island of Luson,
Company C,: Captain J. W. Dumbrell.
which has the distinction of ■"• being the
largest company of the First Regiment,
has been complimented by the inspecting
officer as being the neatest and best ap
pearing company.
When Adjutant Kelleher has to fill a
vacancy in the regimental band he makes
his selection out of Company C. The
company has already furnished six musi
cians.
First Sergeant George W. Swan is one
of the most popular men of Company D.
Kirk SlmpHon of Company, D is the chief
bugler of the regiment.
Lieutenant McGurren and Sergeant Sul
livan have charge of the canteen of the
Second Battalion, First California Regi
ment.
Captain Frank H. Warren of Company
H is credited with being the best tacti
cian in the First Regiment of California
Volunteers. He is ably assisted by Lieu
tenants Davis and O'Brien and First Ser
geant Warren.
CONLON THE CHAMPION.
Attractions at Glen Park, the Mis
sion Zoo, This Afternoon.
Charles Conlon, the daring young aero
naut and champion balloonist of the Pa
cific Coast, will make an ascension and
parachute jump at Glen Park, the Mis
sion Zoo, to-day. Conlon is the winner
of last Sunday's race against Mile. Anita.
In the free vaudeville amphitheater
there will be a big programme, the fol
lowing being some of the principal num
bers: Badger and Walton, the musical ar
tists; Al Hazard, the ventriloquist; Bar
ney Hcynoldf in a Dutch comedy sketch;
Cotton and Moll, the triple bar experts,
and Arthur Salvlni, the celebrated tfnor'
The new Seal Lake is being built on the
main driveway in Glen Park, and the
vaudeville amphitheater, which was re
cently damaged by the Btorm, has been
replaced, and the performance will be held
to-morrow in the big pavilion.
Conlon will attempt to reach the great
altitude In his balloon which he attained
at last Sunday's race, and by special re
quest will perform all of the hazardous
and difficult tricks which won him the
race last week.
Christmas at the Chutes.
A mammoth Christmas tree for the chil
dren has been prepared at the Chutes for
to-day and to-morrow, and every boy and
girl attending will be made a present.
This afternoon Emil Markeburg, the dar
ing aeronaut, will go up, hanging by his
teeth.
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®.®®®®^®®®®®®®®®®(s)®®®®vi-®®®@®®®®®®®®@^®®®®
I Be Good to Those Who |
® ■ ■■•.'•' ■• ■ ' ' " ' (3\
! Have Been Good to You. I
® v ®
| That's a first-class sentiment to have in mind and to act ®
® on before the old year goes out.
• MEW YE AD filfJfC of all sorts in our Mammoth Toy and |
% HUW^ It AK lllr 13 Novelty Departments. ; '/ ' |
® .. Large and Complete As- Plated Ware, Lamps, Purses and Traveling Bags, Sporting and Athletic Goods, $
® sortment of Pocket and Crockery and Glass- Watches, Clocks arid Fancy Goods and Notions, Pic-
® Table Cutlery, '■ \' : - ware. ::; ;- [, _ : "";../'' : > Jewelry. -• ' tures.Art Goods and Bric-a-brac. ®
I Mailorders Filled Promptly. 11/ If I O riIVT/^l/ PA 818-820 I
• Razors, Scissors, Knives wV 1 1 9 /V rill li I II Market st, ;
® : and Glipper-s Ground. \ «..- M IJLrJL V V\> 1 ll^V'lV "Vy •> san Francisco... ® ;
® * * ... @
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®@®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
NEW BISHOP FOR
THE GREEK CHURCH
WILL SUCCEED BISHOP NICHO
LAS, WHO GOES TO BIiSSIA.
Will Take Charge of a Diocese In
cluding the Whole Continent
of North America.
Bishop Tikhon, who will take charge of
the Greek Catholic, or as it is more com
monly known, the Russian orthodox
church, has arrived in this city and will
take charge of the diocese vacated by
Bishop Nicholas. The latter left yester
day morning to enter upon his new duties
as Bishop of Slmpheropol and Travida,
one of the most important in Russia. For
the past eight years he has been doing
missionary work in North America,
Bishop Tikhon arrived in New York
about two weeks ago, and has been hold
ing religious services in the larger East
ern cities. On his arrival in New York he
was given a great reception by the Rus
sian Consul and prominent members of
the Russian colony, but in this city there
was the simple service of installation.
His secular name is Vasily Bellorin. Ha
is a graduate of the Russian Theological
Seminary and has served as the Bishop of
Liublin and Vicar of Kholma in the War
saw diocese. His new diocese is said to
be the largest in the world. It includes
the whole of North America and com
prises thirty parishes, with as many
churches and about seventy chapels.
WANTED HIS BBOTHER'S LITE,
A Colored Cripple Arrested for Bran
dishing a Gun.
Louis Robinson, a colored cripple, was
arrested last night and charged with car
rying a concealed weapon. **He was found
on Market street, near the Emporium,
brandishing a loaded revolver and plead
ing with several of his companions to
bring his brother to him, as ha wanted
to "nil him with lead." Robinson claimed
that hla brother had twice tried to tako
his life, and as he feared that he would
make the third attempt he bought a re
volver, intending to shoot him on sight. "
KNIGHTS OF
THE STAR PLAY
SANTA CLAUS
Carry Good Cheer to
Unfortunates.
TURKEY AND DESSERT GALORE
NO CHRISTMAS FOR INMATES OF
PRISONS.
After the Piratical Supervisors Fin
ished Their Steals There Was
Nothing Left for the
City's Guests.
Deed 3of charity in this holiday seaso..
a?e not confined to the organizations cre
ated for the purpose of carrying Christ
mas cheer to the deserving poor of this
city. It falls to the lot of the humble
policeman to come in contact with the
distressed classes and lie is doubtless the
best judge of those who are entitled to
assistance.
The members of the force who patrol
the southern portion of the city, in ac
cordance with their usual custom se
lected r number of needy families during
the latter part of the year and made ar
rangements to provide for them a Christ
mas dinner. Contrary to the ordinary
custom, they did not go around solicit
ing contributions from their friends, but
when the proper time came they "went*
down, into their jeans" and made up a
purse with which to purchase the neces
sary food. Sergeant Donovan was se
lected to take charge of the matter, and
he performed his duties faithfully. Yes
terday afternoon he started out with a
wagonload of food and a list of families
that had been reported as requiring as
sistance.
"It is not a pleasant task to perform
this duty," said Sergeant Donovan in
speaking of his experience. "It matters
not how much food you take with you
there is always a time when you wish
you had more. That Is the time you
would like to have some one take your
task.
"This year we made up packages con
taining "one ten-pound turkey, fifteen
pounds of potatoes, a bunch of celery and
cauliflower, two pies, a Christmas cak.-,
two loaves of bread and one uuart of
cranberries. We distributed these as
far aa they would go. When there were
no more turkeys we gave orders for good,
husky roasts of beef or for a brace or
two of ducks, according to the size of the
family, and accompanied them with a
package of tea or coffee and a roll of but
ter. As an evidence of good faith and
fellowship we added in special cases a
little package containing four half-dol
lars, and. God bless me, while I don't like
the job, it was worth a year of a man's
life to see how these small favors were
appreciated. These surely are the times
when the poor man with generous in
stincts would particularly appreciate the
possession of wealth to be devoted to the
amelioration of the conditions of his un
fortunate fellows."
Even in the days of the real old "Solid
Nine," the creation of Chris Buckley,
when the city was supposed to be robbed
of everything in and out of sight, the in
mates of the CUy and County prisons
were regarded as members of suffering
humanity and the city found means to
provide Its erring children with a decent
Christmas dinner. The present Board of
Supervisors appears to be more "solid"
and grasping than its predecessors, for,
strange to say, there is no money left in
any fund from which to secure means to
purchase the willing turkey or the modest
roast of beef for the larder of these insti
tutions. Consequently the people who per
force board with the city this week will
feast on the common everyday food and
thank heaven that Christmas comes but
once a year.
The explanation ax to why in these days
of plenty these conditions exist is to come
later.
SHOT THROUGH THE DOOR.
J. M. Donovan Attempts to Murder
His Supposed Enemy.
J. M. Donovan, a laborer, went on the
warpath last night and attempted to mur
der, Julius Furbrldge, a carpenter. Both
Donovan and his intended victim live In
a lodging-house at 322 Ritch street.
After filling Op on water front whisky
Donovan went to his room and, meeting
one of the lodgers in the hallway, he
promptly knocked him down. Furbridge
was in his room at the time and hearing
the scuffle he opened the door to see what
was going on.
Donovan accused him of insulting his
wife, and drawing his revolver he lev
eled it at Furbridge. The latter, realizing
Donovan meant business, quickly shut the
door of the room, hoping to avoid serious
trouble. With a demoniacal scream Don
ovan fired through the panel of the door,
the bullet barely missing the intended
victim. Police Officer Beach heard the
shot and rushing, in the house he placed
Donovan under arrest.
At the City Prison Donovan was
.charged with an assault to commit mur
der. . ■;':.■■■
: • ♦ ■ ;
WATCH PRESENTATION.
Tribute of Esteem to Z. Floyd of the
San Francisco Gas Company.
Zacharias Floyd, foreman of the meter
men employed in the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company, was presented
with a handsome rold watch ami fob yes
terday afternoon, by his subordinates. M.
Keegan made the presentation speech and
the recipient responded feelingly.
Attached to the fob is a gold gas meter
in miniature, with a diamond in the center
and the watch is suitably inscribed. The
gift is a beautiful specimen of the jewel
er's art.
Mr. Floyd has been connected with the
company for thirty-four years and !s
highly thought of by his men, who took
this substantial method of testifying to
their regard.
Officers Elected.
The following named will serve as the offi
cers of Yorke Council, Young Men's Institute,
fcr the ensuing term: William M. Hill, P.;
Harry R. McOresby. first V. P. ; James J. Coll«
ton, second V. P.: John A. Dnlan, R. S. ;
Joseph J. Mungpnast, F. S. ; Daniel A. Leary,
T. : John B. Redden. I. §.; William McCarte,
O. P. : Thomas Doherty. M. ; Dr. John Christal,
M 1-:.: Stephen M.«.uirk, C ; John V. Doherty,
Luke B. O'JJrien an<i Renjumin Mellor. E. IV,
and Thomas J. Horan. delegate to board of
management.
■ m » —
CHARGED WITH SHOPLIFTING.
A Well-Dressed Woman Arrested in
the Emporium.
Clara Duvall. a well-dressed, middl»
aged woman, is locked up in the City
Prison with a charge of petty larceny
recorded against her name-
Last -veiling she visited the Emporium
on Market street and was seen by one of
the special detectives to pick up two
neckties and a glass paper weight, which
she secreted under her cape. She was
promptly arrested and taken to the City
Prison.
The woman claims that she arrived
from the East two days ago. expecting
to secure a position as a stenographer in
a downtown business house. Anxious tn
purchase some presents for a friend. sh»
visited the Emporium, and after making
purchases started to leave. Seeing the
neckties, she admits she appropriated
them, as well as the glass paper weight.
When thrown into a cell the woman
wept bitterly and piteously begged to b«
relea«i'l.
"1 did not mean to steal them," she
tearfully declared. "My God, why did I
commit such a crime? I had money
enough to purchase the articles, but I
v.n.< tempted and fell."
A WEDDING GOWN
FOR HER SHROUD
UNTIMELY DEMISE OF ELLid
JOHNSON'S BRIDE.
Deathbed Ceremony Takes the Place
of the Brilliantly Planned and
Elaborate Marriage
Feast.
Married on her deathbed and Interred
on the day that was to have been the oc
casion of her bridal reception is the sad
fate of Mrs. Steckler-Stein-Johnson.
bride of Ellis Johnson, manager of the
Haggin ranch. Ellis Johnson and Mrs.
Florence Steckler-Stein were married on
Wednesday, December 14, at the hum*
of the bride's mother, Mrs. Steckler, 2022
Sutter street. The wedding was to have
been an elaborate affair, but the serioua
illness of the bride necessitated the re
calling of all invitations and the binding
ceremony was celebrated in the sick
chamber. After the wedding the young
wife seemed to improve, but on Thurs
day last her condition was pronounced
alarming, and Dr. MacMonogle, with the
assistance of four physicians, performed
an operation. Death relieved the sufferer
yesterday morning: at 5 o'clock.
The cause of Mrs. Johnson's sad and
untimely end was peritonitis, resulting
from a severe attack of appendicitis.
Ellis Johnson had planned to take his
bride with him to the ranch, and had a
lovely home prepared for her reception.
-To-day, when the bridal reception was to
have been held, the hfart-broken husband
will bury his fair young wife at the Horns
of Peace Cemetery, in San Mateo.
SEEKS TO ENJOIN THE
NEW SCHOOL BOARD
MERCHANT MAKES A POINT OU
THE TEACHERS.
Asks That His Demand Be Paia Be
fore Any Warrants for Salaries
Are Audited or Cashed.
The Board of Education-elect, although
it has not yet taken office, was made de
fendant yesterday in an action filed by
Oscar Moses, a creditor of the city and
county through material furnished the
School Department. All teachers in the
city, and they are numbered by the hun
dred, are also joined as defendants.
A few days ago suit was instituted
against the School Board and all tfredltom
or the School Department, on behalf of
the teachers, to enjoin the auditing and
payment of all or any demands made by
the creditors, with the exception of tho
teachers. A temporary injunction was
issued, which successfully ties the hand*
of the old board.
In this the teachers made a point, but
now one of the merchants has tied tha
hands of the new board, which evens
matters up.
In his complaint Mosps prays that the
Auditor and Treasurer be enjoined from
auditing and paying the teachers' war
rants until after his demand, which
amounts to $748 51. has been honored.
A temporary injunction was i-suedi -sued by
Judge Seawell, returnable Janu<> ry 6.
STRUCK WITH AN 4 X.
Michael Ward, a Teamster, Seriously
Injured by Michael Brode'-tlck.
Desperate at his refusal to lff.ve hi*
house, Michael Broderick, a (tamster,
last night assaulted Michael Wa'.'d, a la*
borer, with an ax, cutting a deep* gash in
his neck, and breaking his legiin two
places. Broderick lives at 310
avenue, and has Ward for a lo<%er.
Last night the men engaged ill a dis
pute, which culminated In Broderick at
tacking Ward with an ax. It Is thought
that Ward's leg was broken itf falling
after his being cut in the neck.
The injured man was remover) to th«
Roceiving Hoßpttal, while his brutal as
sailant was locked up in the City Prison,
a charge of assault to commit murder
being recorded against him.
Sacred Music at the Park To-Day.
March, containing "Adeste Fidelis"...,Burrell
Overture, "Dedication of the Temple' 
.-,.-.„„ , Keler-Bel*
"Sweet Spirit, Hear My Prayer".... Wallace
(Solo for oboe, performed by C. Dickman.)
A Christmas fantasia, "Yule Tide" —
Selection, "I Martlri" ..,,........ Donizetti
Overture, "Giovanni D'Arco" Verdi
' ' Aye Maria" •"• .......:...,6chubert
(Solo for horn, performed by E. Behlott.) •
Pilgrim song and chorus on "The Evening
; Star ::,..:.'....:...,"..•••. Wagner
Hallelujah chorus from "The Messiah"
....;.....,......... Handel
Libel Against the Czarina.
The California Navigation and Improver
ment Company yesterday filed a libel in
the United States District Court against
the Czarina to recover $14,500 darna&vs al
leged to have been sustained by tho J. D.
Peters on the occasion of the collision of
the Peters with the Czarina a few weekj
ago.
1112
HOBSON LEFT
OUR SHORES
UNKISSED
t\ Royal Welcome and
a Fond Au Revoir.
fHRONGS GREETED THE HERO
DELIVERED ADDRE C SES THAT
BREATHED FIRE.
Receptions at the Park and Y. M. C.
A. Attended by Thousands.
He Departs for
Manila.
Lieutenant Richmond P. Tlobson, hero
of the sinking Merrimac and reported
of many thousand kisses bestowed
Bpon the willing lips of worshiping maid
pus, dawned upon this city and is now
heading for southern waters as fast as
Iwin screws can take htm. The now fa
tnous young offlcer'B time was fully oc
cupied from the. moment he arrived here
antil the *;;!<-li<- left its welcoming shores.
No rest did he enjoy during the past
;\\i ntj hours. From the time he stepped
tmm the Oakland boat until embarking
nis v. reception worthy of a Presi-
Warm hand clasps and enthuslas
;:n < \ . i\ where, but
do kisses. The famous visitor modestly
Tom indulging in this pleasant
occupation by keeping ruby lips at a dis
tance.
The naval hero's programme as mapped
tl mmlttee of gentlemen who
Received him was carried out to the let
,tT. lit was conveyed by Mayor Phelan
md Lieutenant Roberts to tiie park in
.lie morning, where thousands of curious
ipectatora nad congregated. Although it
i cold morning, the crowd patiently
Lwaited hi.- coming, and on his arrival
le was given a hearty reception. While
pie park band discoursed the national air
Bobson was escorted to the Keyes mon
iment and introduced by Mayor Phtlan.
When the cheering that greeted him had
lubsided the hero of the Merrimac said;
"1 cannot help expressing my gratitude
it your greet in); as 1 stand at. the foot
•f the beautiful monument erected to
Jie memory of the man who composed
.lie national air to which we have just
listened, for 1 believe it is but a recogni
ion of the work done at the front in the
lefense oi the star-spangled banner."
Mr. H. bson continued in this strain for
minutes, his remarks being punc
! with applause. At the conclusion
ti his speech he began to bow his ac
mowledgments and moved toward hia
tarriagi . but his listeners wanted more
aid • tied for it. He was reminded of the
ncideht thai brought him fame by cries
if "Merrimac," and he then returned to
us former position.
In speaking along that line he said he
lad hoped he would have been excused
rom making any reference to it. He then
riyidly described his trip on the collier
md the stirring scenes that followed. Hia
Iption of the imprisonment of him
and of the incidents that
red, was listened to with deep m-
At th. conclusion of his speech Hobson
ne< red again and again and the
irowd rushed forward to grasp his hand
the squad of policemen in attendance
iat t ltd hard to stay their rush and sue-
I In >uv:ng the brave lieutenant
rom the enthusiasm of his new found
rlends. A.a be drove off in his carriage
nen ran along for a distance, vainly trv
pk to grasp his iiand and assure him of
heir hiKh rr-Kard.
The carriage proceeded rapidly to the
[oung Men's Christian association build
np, corner of Kllis and Mason streets
the naval officer had another au
tience to ado. r ess. The auditorium was
irowded with members of both sexes the
adies predominating. As the lieutenant
■i'd by the city's executive, Btepped
si the stage, the audience arose en maase
wd applauded him enthusiastically.
Mayor Phelan Introduced the enuirmiin
rt tlie meeting, Rev. <\ c. J,ocke, and the
atter, in wed chosen sentences, i>aid a
ugh tribute to the honored gusst. He
(poke of Iniil as neing the highest lype
■ i American manhood and o£ belntr a
1 'hrlstian.
tenant Hobson, in a slow and sol
onn voice, began his address, bui before
le finished his voice :irose to m higher
•itch, Indicating his feelings. Li part ne
aid:
"It is action, not words, that character
the man In every walk of life, it is
eldom that words accomplish much but
ruitful action is constant. In the hit- war
t has been told you that our navy is a
.hrlstian naw. You all know the spirit
inimated the men of the American
ni rescuing the officers and men of
he Spanish fleet after its destruction off
lantiago harbor. Put in the words of Cap
i nliip of •!,,. Texas it. was: 'Don't
men. The i r fellows are dying."
our motive in this war was represen-
Btive of the highest form or rhristian
nvillzation, for we were called upon to
• i uplift the oppressed people
.•■ar our Bhores."
The speaker then dwelt on the projee
! • - used by the Spanish navy and our
■wn. lie said the enemy's "projectiles
teemed utterly powerless against Amor
ran life, while American projectiles
iruok home, remarking that this was a
urangely significant fact. He then went
'is and described some of the thrilling
■ a enacted on and about the Merri
nac, and closed with a eulogy on the
Ihristian spirit displayed by the* Spanish
nlcers.
Xo sooner had he ended his dramatic
< cttal than the audience showed its ap
ireciation for his address and for tne
nan by rising to its feet and cheering vo-
Uferously. Owing to the height of the
*age no attempt was made to reach
dm, as at former receptions, and the dis-
Inguished guest retired to the street by
private stairway. The crowd would not
«■ denied, however, and when he reached
he street In was surrounded by a jos
ling throng, eager to reach his side. With
lie aid of the police he gained his car
tage, and as it moved off the cheers were
leartily renewed.
Hobson was purposety late in reaching
lie Pacific Mail dock. Shortly before the
teamer sailed he drove on to the wharf
n a carriage and as it stopped close to
he gangplank he attempted to ascend to
he deck unnoticed, yaln hope, however.
c he was soon recognized, and again he
ras surrounded by a good-natured crowd
'he ladies were eager to shake his hand,
aid outfought the men for its possession,
►ne bright damsel thrust a card in his
ttlm and begged for his autograph. ..s
:er . request was granted it was a sip
ial for three score more cards. For
learly fifteen minutes the lieutenant was
iept busy affixing his famous name to
nrds of all descriptions. Even Louis
long, the Chinese interpreter, gained the
a r.cli-sought-for signature.
Immediately on reaching the Gaelics
erk Hobson mounted the bridge, where
tood Captain Finch and Pilot Meyer. As
he steamer backed away from the wharf
« was accorded a departing ovation. In
tassing along tho water front a number
f tugs saluted Hobson with deafening
Irens, and he returned their signals by
Sowing the Gaelic's whistle.
Lieutenant Hobson is bound for Manila.
There it is understood he will make some
fforts to float some of the Spanish war
hips that were sent to the bottom by the
edoubtable Dewey.
CAPTAIN SIGSBEE'S DOG.
llrs. S. Tells of the Pranks of Peggie,
a "Maine" Survivor.
Mrs. Charles D. Sigsbee, wife of the
Bptain of the battleship Maine, has an
trticle in St. Nicholas on "Pets in the
tavy." Mrs. Sigsbee says:
You have heard of Peggie, the pug
bg on the U. S. S. Maine when she was
flown up. Peggy is now at Key West.
Ihe is a pretty little dog. She was a
Iny little pup when first given to the
Bptain of the Maine, a little more than
i year ago, and was very full of fun
aid mischief. She always slept in the
Bbin, and amused herself by 'worry
ng' anything she could, as most pup
lies do. She always followed the eap
(iln everywhere, no matter how many
steps and ladders were to be climbed.
This caused her to break her leg one
day. The leg was put in splints, but
Peggie could not keep still enough to
have it knit properly, so when she was
well this leg was a little shorter than
the others.
Peggie was very fond of rushing at
the wastepaper basket and dragging
out the contents. She would whine cna
cry in a very funny way when she
could not get them out. She regarded
with great suspicion any one in civilian
dress coming on board the Maine, and
barked at all who were not In uniform.
She would turn a somersault if you
held her head down a second.
One day she came into the cabin with
a chicken-bone sticking out of one side
of her mouth and a pretty nasturtium
blossom in the other side. She looked
so cute that I wish I had the picture to
show you. One ear stuck up and the
other lay down, giving her a very comi
cal expression. She knew just what she
wanted to do. Laying the flower care
fully down in one corner, she took the
bone into another and proceeded to eat
it. After the bone had been disposed
of she took the flower into her mouth
again and finally left it at the captain's
feet.
Once she was taken driving at Key
West, and while the carriage was in
motion she jumped out of the vehicle
on one side and into it at the other, un
til the person she was with feared she
would break all her legs. Afterward
she thought the horses' tails were
meant especially for her to play with,
so over the dashboard to bite the tails
and down under the horses' feet she
went. But she was not hurt, and soon
sprang into the carriage again.
MONEY IN BAYONETS.
How a Blacksmith Turned Them Into
Onion Hoes.
"I wish 1 could pick up the bayonets
that have been thrown away around San
tiago," said a blacksmith in one of Wash
ington's downtown shops yesterday.
"What earthly good would they do
you?" asked a bystander.
"1 could make a smalt fortune out of
them." replied the blacksmith, "just as
I did once before with the bayonets
that were picked up at Antietam and Har
per's Ferry."
"How's that?"
"Well, 1 don't know as it did me any
good— leastways it doesn't now that I
have lost it all. Perhaps that is the rea
son that I think 1 would like to try it
again. 1 was a young man when the
war was over, and was living up at a
lit tlo out-of-the-way place In the moun
tains of Maryland. I had learned my
trade of my father, who fell at Gettys
burg, and the world was before me. I
settled down to shoeing farm horses and
mules, repairing reapers and mowers, and
doing odd jobs of all kinds. Prices were
better then than they are now. and the
country had some cash in it. 1 did well
and laid by a little capital.
"One day an old fellow living way up on
the mountain came into my shop with a
bayonet in his hand. On the other arm
was a little basket of nice white eggs.
" "Cap,' he said, as he laid the bayonet
on the anvil, 'my unyln patch is all
gormed up with weeds and filth, an' ef
you could on'y jest make me a leetle nar
rer hoe outen this bayonet fer this yere
mess o' eggs, I reckon I'd hey a right
good chance of unylns.'
"I 'ook the bayonet and hit it a tap
against the anvil, and it rang like a bell.
There was the best of steel In It, and I
knew I could make a first class hoe out
of It. I had seen any number of bayo
nets, army muskets and swords kicking
around in that country, but I had never
thought of using them for anything be
fore. 1 stuck the bayonet into the fire,
and in a few minutes I made a very
pretty little onion hoe for the old man.
1 cut off about two-thirds of the steel,
then bent the rest around nearly square
with the ferrule and flattened it out into
a nice sharp blade an inch wide. The fer
rule I lfft untouched, so that the hoe
handle could be put into it. There hap
pened to be an old handle standing in
the corner of the shop, and T put it in
for the old man. It hung just right, and
made the prettiest garden weapon you
ever saw. The old fellow was delighted.
A few days later he came in again and
told me how the hoe worked. He said it
was so light, so thin and so sharp and
strong that it was play to hoe onions,
something that 1 had always heard before
this was the hardest kind of work.
"What he said set me to thinking. If
a bayonet made such a good onion hoe
why was there not a field for making
them on a large scale? The bayonets
were to be had in quantity, and there
were people enough raising onions. In
a few days a neighbor of the old man
came into the shop with a bayonet and
said he wanted a hoe made out "of it. Sev
eral others followed hJs example in the
next month or so and bayonet hoes came
to be known and generally used in that
region. I put up a notice in several post
offices around there that I would pay 5
cents apiece for bayonets. They came In
by hundreds. In spare time I made them
up into hoes, which T finished off as nicely
as I knew how. Then I put a little ad
vertisement in the county paper, and
finally another in an agricultural paper,
and the orders began to pour in on me.
I charged 35 cents apiece for the hoes, and
as it did not take over five minutes to
make one. when J was making them in
quantity, 1 estimated that there was at
least 25 cents profit on each hoe. I had
no discount to make to the tradp. I sold
every hoe myself, and got all the profit
myself. The trade Increased until bayo
nets began to get scarce, and I had to
offer 7, 8 and finally 10 cents for bayonets,
and they were slow to come in at that
figure. But for a year or two I sold the
hoes by hundreds, and I got very well
fixed financially. In my advertisement, of
course, I alluded to the biblical notion of
beating swords into ploughshares, and
shears into pruning hooks. This was very
fetching with all sorts of good people, and
a good many, I suppose, bought my hoes
not only because they were first-class
articles, but as relics of the war. Some
of those bayonets had no doubt pierced
some poor fellow's vitals, and let his life
blood out upon the greensward on the
battlefields of the South. It is good to
think that the use I put them to was
more peaceful and useful to mankind."—
Washington Star.
COW GETS DRUNK ON APPLES.
Temperance People Who Own It Are
Scandalized by Its Conduct.
H. W. Collingwood, one of the edi
tors of the Rural New Yorker, is re
sponsible for the declaration that a cow
can acquire a three days' "jag" by the
simple act of eating apples. Over in
Bergen County, where Mr. Collingwood
is widely known as a Prohibitionist,
churchman and president of a Young
Men's Christian Association, he con
ducts an experimental farm near the
village of Westwood, and among his
achievements as a fancy farmer dur
ing the past summer he shipped to the
! city market 1000 ears of prize corn, for
which he received a return of 30 cents.
This and similar ventures taught the
j scientific farmer that there is more
i money in feeding prize corn to market
1 able swine than in contributing to the
i support of railroads and commission
merchants.
Mr. Collingwood avers that he went
home a few days since and found that
one of his best cows had gained sur
reptitious access to a lot of apples and
had eaten so many that before she j
i could digest them the fruit began to j
! ferment, causing the animal to mani
i fest all the symptoms of drunkenness.
"And she had a most magnificent j
I head on her for three days," said Mr. I
i Collingwood in relating the story. "She i
was blear-eyed, groggy on her l^gs and
' just moped around as men do who have
I been out with the boys a little too long, j
I Why, we were afraid to use or sell the
milk while this lasted, lest somebody
i might be overcome by a natural milk
j punch."
Mr. Collingwood felt somewhat scan
i dalized by this incident, especially as
I his wife and mother-in-law are con
spicuous in the W. C. T. U.. but he
made the matter a subject of investi
gation, and insists there Is no other
means of accounting for the conduct of
his cow. — New York Sun.
Tax on German Cyclists.
It is estimated that there are 3,120,000
cyclists in Germany, each one of whom
had to pay a tax of 50 cents to have his
name entered and to receive a number
for his machine, together with a book,
which he must carry about him, as it
contains a description of his person.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1898.
CHRISTMAS AND
HOW IT WILL
BE CELEBRATED
Services to Be Held
in the Churches.
THOSE WHO WILL OFFICIATE
THERE WILL BE MAGNIFICENT
SELECTIONS.
List of the Various Churches Where
the Most Impressive Cere
monies Will Be
Solemnized.
I^ong before daybreak to-day and long
after the sun sets upon the annual feast
of Christmas day the churches will com
memorate its advent and its passing with
j one of the most complete and memorable
i combined religious services that the city
has ever known. At 5 o'clock in all the
Catholic churches without exception sol
emn high mass will be celebrated and will
mark the commencement of the observ
ance of commemorating the birth of the
Savior. In the Protestant churches as
early as 6 o'clock the church doors will be
thrown open to the public and the first
prayers in honor of the day chanted.
A feature that will mark the universal
observance of Christmas day in the dif
ferent houses of worship will be the mu
sic chanted at the different services dur
ing the course of the morning and even
ing.
The music at St. James Catholic Church
for Christmas day at 6:30 o'clock mass
will be: "Farmers' Mass," sung by a
chorus of voices accompanied by stringed
instruments, the soloists being— sopranos,
Misses T. Mahoney and E. Welch; alto,
Miss A. Leahy; tenor, H. Dinan; bass, J.
P. Leonard. At the offertory the "Adeste
Fideles" will be sung by full choir. At
10:30 o'clock Lambillotte's "Paschal Mass"
will be sung by a full choir. At the of
fertory "Noel" will be sung by 11. Dinan.
Benediction will follow the mass. Rossi"s
"Tantum Ergo" will be rendered by full
choir.
At St. Rose's Church, on Brannan street,
first mass will commence at 5 o'clock, dur
ing which the young ladies of the parish
will sing. There will be mass every hour
until 11 o'clock, when the solemn high
mass will be celebrated. Rev. J. M. Glea
son will preach the sermon. An augment
ed choir will render Cimarosa's "Grand
Military Mass.". The offertory will be
Lambillotte's "Christmas Oratorio."
"Adeste Fidelis," by Novello, will be sung
before the mass begins. Adams' "Noel"
will be rendered at the benediction. The
following ladies and gentlemen comprise
the choir: The Misses Nugent, Misses
Tessit and Rose Killgariff, Misses Agnes
K. and Lillie O'Connell, Miss A. Welsh,
Miss L. Dv Fosse, Miss Derby, Miss Mc-
Creagh and Mrs. Coret; Messrs. Lane,
Perron and Donovan. Mrs. T. J. Moyni
han will preside at the organ.
At St. Paul's Catholic Church, on
Twenty-ninth and Church streets, the fol
lowing complete programme both for the
service and the accompanying music will
be rendered by a specially augmented
choir:
Mass will be celebrated every hour from
o o'clock to 10:30. At the 5 o'clock high
mass Bordese's Mass in G minor will be
sung by St. .Paul's male choir, led by Pro
fessor S. J. Sandy; tenors— Messrs. tjil
logley, Willey, Long, Kane. Collins. Hea
ley and Drako; bassos— Messrs. Rattigan,
Gillogley, Low, Branson, P'arrell, Buek
ley and Himmel.noss; offertory, "Noel,"
sung by E. Long. During the low masses
Christmas earoia will be sung by the Im
maculate Conception and Holy Angels so
dalities. At 10:30 o'clock solemn bigfi
mass will be celebrated. Marzo's "Messe
Solenelle" will be rendered by the follow
ing members of St. P.aul'*s choir: So
pranos—Mrs. MeKet-Wilz. Mrs. Kelly;
alto, Miss M. F. Code; tenors— F. Valerg'a,
E. Long; bass, W. M. Lane. At the offer
tory "Adeste Fideles" with violin obligato
will be sung by the St. Paul's sur
pliced choir; soloists— Masters Broderlck,
Lyons and Quinnane; violin, W. Healy;
organist. Miss Amelia F. Quinn.
Programme of Italian church of Saints
Peter and Paul, corner of Dupont and Fil
bert streets: 5 a. m., J. Concone's "Kyrie"
sind "Gloria, 1 and T. Tedesco's "Credo,"
"Sanctus," "Benedietus." "Agnus Dei." At
10:30 a. m., Giorza's First Mass "Kyrie"
and "Sanctus," and "Gloria," "Creuo, "
"Benedictus," "Agnus Dei," from La
Hache's mass, under direction of A. Spa
dina.the church organist. The mass will be
rendered by the following vocalists: So
pranos—Misses L. Spadlna, J. Lenormand;
altos— Mrs. M. Spadlna. Miss A. Spadina;
tenors— Dr. Borino, D. Rossi, G. Oliva;
bassos— Messrs. -A. Danielli. J. Semeria.
At the conclusion Df the mass "Adeste
Fideles" will be rendered by the full
choir.
At the Church of Corpus Christ! on
Alemany and Croke streets, there will be
masses at 5, 7 and 10 a. m. The first and
third will be solemn high in form. At
the 5 o'clock mass the choir will render
Mercandante's mass, while at 10 o'clock
Giorza's First Mass will be chanted. The
choir, augmented for the occasion, will
consist of the following voices: Sopranos,
Miss Mac Reilly and L. Vlautin: tenors,
Messrs. \V. Wright, G. Oliva. R. Gillogley
and W. Willey; contraltos, Mrs. B. Brun
and Miss A. O'Sullivan; bass. G. Illedge;
organist and musical director, Miss M.
Rodgers.
At 4 p. m. there will be vespers, ser
mon and solemn benediction of the
blessed sacrament. The morning choir
will assist at the service. At the offer
tory of the mass Miss Coleman and Mr.
Wright will render Donizetti's "Veni
Creator."
Programme at St. Dominic's Church on
Stoiner and Bush streets: High mass at
5 a. m., evening service at 7. Pro
gramme at the high mass: "Adeste
Fideles," Novello; "St. Cecilia Messe So
lenelle," Gounod; "Noel," Adam; "Exulta
Sion," Hammerell; "Hallelujah Chorus,"
Handel. Following is the list of singers
who will render the principal musical se
lections: Sopranos, Miss Lena Gore, Miss
Clara Atkins, Mrs. McGlade: contraltos,
Mrs. Clark, Mrs. Robert Lloyd, Miss
Grace de Forest; tenors, Rhys Thomas,
Robert Stantini; bassos, Charles Schwert
feger. Robert Lloyd.
At St. Paul's Episcopal Church the fol
lowing programme will be rendered: 7:30
a. m.. holy communion; morning prayer,
sermon and choral celebration, 11 a. m.;
Processional, Hymn No. 49 V "Adeste
Fideles": "Venite" (Brucke); "Te Deum"
(Calkins): "Jubilate" (Sabin); introlt,
Hymn 56, "Yorkshire"; "Kyrie" (Jef
freys); "Gloria Tibi": Hymn 51 (Mendels
sohn); offertory, carol (Nevin); "Sanctus"
(Parker); communion hymn. No. 220
iLiimmas): "Gloria in Excelsis"; "Nunc
Dimittis (Parker); anthem, (Concone);
cents"; organ processional. "Adeste
Fideles"; "Magnificat" (Parker); "Nunc
Dimmitis" (Parker); anthem (Concone):
Hjmn 470, "Innocents"; trio, "Adoration"
(Grieg): "O Thou That Bringest Glad Tid
ings" (Stamen; carol. No. 58 (St. Louis);
"Unto I's a Child Is Born" (Handri);
carol. No. 540 (Irby); offertory, "Thanks
Be to God" (Mendelssohn); recessional.
Hymn No. 51 (Mendelssohn).
Third Congregational Church, Fifteenth
street, near Mission. Rev. William Rader,
pastor. At 11 a. m. the pastor will preach
on "The Meaning of Christmas." The
chorus choir, under the direction of Wil
liam Stadfeldt, will render appropriate
music. Wilhelm Wertsch, celloist, and
Albert Brown, violinist, will assist. The i
Sunday-school, under the supervision of
Miss Kate Hutchinson, will render an
appropriate Christmas exercise at 12:30
o'clock. In the evening, beginning at 7:30
o'clock, the cantata, "Light of Life," will
be given, including solos by Mrs. Stad
feldt. Dr. Bean, Miss Hossack, Mr. Cal
ame and Miss Worrell.
At the Simpson Memorial ■ Methodist
Episcopal Church on Hayes and Bu
chanan streets the following progran-.mc
of music, will be rendered:
10 a. m., class meeting, led by Brother
J B. Robinson. 10:30 o'clock— Orga i vn
untary, Sewell Bogart; Christmas cnioi,
"1-rißhtest and Best," choir; 'iymi, "Joy
to the World, the Ix>rd Has Come," chofr
and congregation; prayer; anthem,
"Come Near, Ye Nations," choir; Scrip
ture reading; solo, "Noel" (Adams), C.
M. Elliot; announcements; hymn, "While
the Shepherds Watch Their Flock at
Night," choir and congregation; offertory,
violoncello 'solo, Charles Kuss; soprano
solo, "Aye Maria" (Mascagni), Mrs. Flor
ence Gardner, with violoncello accompani
ment; sermon, pastor; closing hymn,
"When Mrashaled on the Nightly Plain,"
choir and congregation; benediction; or
gan postlude. 6:30 p. m.— Epworth
League devotional meeting, led by Mlis
Mabel Williams; topic for the evening,
"The Christian Anthem.".
7:30 o'clock— Organ voluntary, SeweH
Bogart; "Gloria Patrie," choir; Apostles'
Creed, Hymnal; invocation,- pastor;
opening chorus, "The Prophet of Naza- I
reth, choir and Sunday school; response |
reading, "Prophecy"; prayer (closing
with the Lord's Prayer in concert); cho
rus, 'Awake, Glad Morn," choir and Sun
day school; response reading, "Fulfill
ment of Prophecy"; recitation, "God's
Christmas Message," Gretta Venton; cho
rus : "While the Flocks Were Sleeping,"
cnoir and Sunday school; recitation, "Th&
Coming of the Shepherd," Metta Lages;
solo, "Guiding Star," Nettie Duncan; ad
dress, pastor; chorus, "Chiming Bells,"
choir and school; offering; chorus, "Christ
£* , Born ln Bethlehem," choir and
school; closing chorus. "Glory to God in
the Highest"; doxology and benediction.
Masses will be solemnizeu at St. Francis
Church to-day at the following hours:
At o 6, 7, S, 9, 10 and 11 o'clock. At 5
o clock the music will be rendered by the
Ppnt w. S> " I £ c J. ock by tne choir of the
Gentlemen s Sodality, and at 11 o'clock by
the church choir under Mrs. A. B. Collins.
There will be solemn vespers in the even
ing at which the pastor, Rev. T. Caraher,
will preach upon "The Babe of Bethle
hem.
At the Calvary Presbyterian Church on
Powell and Geary streets the morning
service will be devoted to the rendition of
rl ?! mas hvmils and music by the choir
and the congregation. Those who will as
sist in the choir are: Mrs. Susie Hert
Mark, soprano; Miss Beresford Joy, con
tralto; D. N. Lawrence, tenor; W. C.
,mpbell', mpbell ' basso a-nd director; R. D. Bur
in the evening the following Christmas
Praise Service will be given: Organ pre-
V.-i , cl ?nstmas Themes" with variations
Q* V- .'"Vocation. Pastor; hymn, "While
shepherds A\ atched Their Flocks " tune
c "ristmas" ; bass solo, "Jesus of Naz
areth (Chas. Gounod), Walter C. Camp
£v 1; -,, anthem> " Th ere Were ShepherdsT"
(G. \V. Chadwick), solos and quarter
hymn 114, "Hark the Herald Angels
sing ; notices and offering; violin solo
Henry Larsen; soprano solo, "Bethle
hem, Mrs. Susie Hert Mark; short ad
dress, by the pastor; alto solo, "The
Christmas Herald" (C. Whitney Coombs),
with violin obligato by H. Larsen; tenor
solo, Hark! What Mean Those Heaven
ly Voices?" D. M. Lawrence: Christmas
S£t he ™, "Hark! Hark! With Harps of
Croia (Ci. w. Marston), solos and quartet,
with violin obllgato; hymn 111, "Oh, Come
AH T.e faithful" (Portuguese Hymn);
benediction; organ postlude, "Festal
March' (Baptiste Calkin), Robert D. Bur
ness, organist.
At the First Presbyterian Church the
following order of service will be held and
the accompanying programme of selected
music rendered: Morning service— Organ
prelude, "Allegretto Pastorale"; doxology;
invocation; chant by the choir, "When
Marshaled on the Nightly Plain"- Scrip
ture reading, Old Testament; anthem,
"Arise, Shine"; Scripture reading, New
Testament; hymn No. 292, "Hark! the
Herald Angels Sing"; solo, "The Nativ
ity." Mrs. Riggs; prayer; hymn No. 339,
"All Hail the Power of Jesus' Name";
offertory, "The Birth of Christ," Mr. Me- I
Brido; sermon. Rev. Robert Mackenzie
D.D.; anthem, "Behold! He Cometh";
benediction; organ postlude, "Hallelujah
Chorus." Evening praise service— Organ
prelude, "Christmas March"; chorus, "It
Came upon tho Midnight Clear"; the
Lord's Prayer; hymn No. 274. "Joy to the
World, the Lord Has Come"; Scripture
reading; solo. "Glory to Heaven's Eternal
King." Mrs. Basford; prayer; choir. "Be
ii"M I Bring You Glad Tidings"; hymn
No. 357, "Hark! Ten Thousand Harps"and
Voices"; organ solo, "Pastorale in C";
Offertory, "Christmas Song," Dr. Gra
ham; address, Rev. Edwin Hart Jenfcs;
chorus, "Nazareth" (Buck -Gounod); ben
ediction; organ postlude (Fleisaner).
Following is the musical programme to
be rendered at the Plymouth Congrega
tional Church: Morning— "Te Deum,"
(Tours); anthem. "Behold, I Bring You
Good Tidings," (Goskj ; offertory, soprano
8010, "The Christ Child." (Coombs); an
thrm. "Sing Unto the Lord,"' (Blumen
schein). Evening— "Jubilate Deo," from
Schubert: anthem, "In the Beginning Was
the Word" (Thorne); offertory, "Heavenly
Jerusalem," (Dellepiane) ; anthem, "Sing,
O Heaven" (Tours); E. Delleplane, organ
ist and musical director.
At St. Luke's Episcopal Church on Van
Ness avenue and Clay street the follow
ing interesting Christmas services will be
held: Holy communion, 7 a. m. and 8 a.
m.; morning prayer and holy communion,
11. Morning prayer — Organ prelude, "Hal
lelujah Chorus," Messiah (Handel): pro
cessional hymn. 49, "O Come, All Ye
Faithful" (Reading); "Versicles," Tallis;
■•Wnite," Woodward; Proper Psalms 19,
45, 85; "Te Deum" in E, (Parker); "Jubil
ale" in B flat (H. J. Stewart);' introit, 51,
"Hark, the Herald Angels Sing" (Men
delssohn). Holy communion— "Kyrie."
"Gloria Tibi," "Credo," in F (Tours);
hymn 60. "Angels From the Realms of
Glory" (H. Smart); sermon; ascription
"Gloria Patri" (Turle): offertory anthem,
"Sing. O Heavens" (Sir A. Sullivan);
treble recit, chorus— "Sing. O heavens, and
be joyful. O earth, and break forth into
singing, O mountains: For the Lord hath
comforted His people. And will have
mercy upon His iiflllcted. He will swal
low up death in victory. And the Lord
God will wipe away tears from off all
faces. And the rebuke of His people shall
He take away from off all tho earth";
tenor and bass recit. "Lo, This is our
God; we have waited for Him, and He
will save us. We will be glad and rejoice
in His Salvation"; tenor solo, chorus; pre
sentation of alms; "Sursum Corda,"
"Sanctus," "Agnus Dei," "Gloria in Ex
celsis," in F (Tours); "Nunc Dimittis,"
Farrant; recessional hymn, 53, "Shout the
Glad Tidings' (Avison); organ postlude,
Evensong and confirmation, 7:4s— Organ
prelude. "Hallelujah Chorus," Messiah
(Handel); processional hymn, 49, "O
Come, All Ye Faithful" (Reading); "Ver
sicles" (Tallis); Proper Psalms 89, 110, 132
(Gregorian): "Magnificat, "*"Nunc Dimit
tis" in D (Parry); hymn, 51, "Hark, the
Herald Angels Sing" (Mendelssohn). Con
firmation—Hymn 60. "Angels From the
Realms of Glory" (H. Smart); address by
Right Rev. the Bishop of California;
ascription. "Gloria" (Gregorian); offertory
anthem, "Sing. O Heavens" (Sir A. Sulli
van)- presentation of alms; recessional
hymn, 53. "Shout the Glad Tidings" (Avi
son); organ postlude.
Following is the complete list of singers
who will render the musical selections
during both the morning and evening ser
vices- Sopranos— W. Gunn, G. Tregan
owen, Cyril Wynne, Ernest Wilson, H.
Mallett, *C. Brown. H. de Courcey, E.
Blade, Dan Gorham, Howard Sparrow,
T. Humphreys, George Acton, W. Tupper,
Willie Acton, Bridewell Evans, Harold
Gregory F. Black, Mervin Wehe, W.
Taylor Willie Kirk, 11. W. Law, H. E.
Law, William Craig, A. Field. Altos-
Harvey Sparrow,' Fred Wilson, F. Sam
uels A. L. Black, Henry Mehrtens, How
ard Currie. Tenors— F. M. Coffin. R.
Hunt E S. Claussen, W. H. Welch, G.
St J Bremer, H. Q. McDonald, S. O.
Stanvon. Bassos— William Nielsen, W r . E.
Hagiie L. Bien, F. W. Fenn, C. J. Hol
combe, E. Corris. R. Bien. H. B. Titcomb,
F C Drifficld. Miss Lucille Smith, choir
matron; R. Hunt, librarian.
The following services will be held at the
First Baptist Church on Eddy street, near
Jones- Morning service— Sermon, "The
World Has Gone After Him (John xii:l9>:
anthem, "The Heavens Are Telling"
(Simper): anthem, "Chimes of Christmas
Morn" (Dresler); anthem. "Behold, I
Bring You Good Tidings" (Simper); tenor
solo. "Noel" (Adam). Evening services-
Sermon, "Christ's Birth and Birthplace."
with stereoptlcon views; anthem, "While
Shepherds Watched Their Flocks"
(Klein): anthom. "Peace on Earth, Good
Will to Men" (Danks); anthem, "Daugh
ter of Zion" (Maker); anthem, "O That
Gladdening Story" (Macy); quartet. Miss
Fannie L. Denny (soprano), Miss Florence I
E. Raymond (alto), D. B. Crane (basso),
Herbert Wiliams (tenor); Hallet K. Mit
chell, organist.
On Christmas day high mass will be
kuiir at St. John's at 6 a. m. The other
masses at 7, 8, 9 o'clock and solemn high
mass will be sung at 10:30, with Rev.
Father Brady celebrant. A special musi
cal programme is being prepared under
the direction of the organist. Miss Kate
Supple. Mozart's "Twelfth Mass" will b«
rendered by the regular choir, composed
of the following : Hiss M. Schmitz. the
Misses A. Supple, J. White, L. Dcnnison,
sopranos; Misses J. McCann and K. Ke
hoe. altos; T. Brady, tenor; Mr. Meagher
and Mr. Coffey, bassos. A sermon appro
priate to the festival will be preached by
Rev. Father Kevins., C. S. P.
Cathedral Mission of the Good Samaritan
Christmas choral service, a. m.—Proces
sional hymn, "O, Come All Ye Faithful,"
"Adtste Fideles"; "Venite" and "Gloria
Patri" (chant) (Anon.); "Te Deum" in D
(Woodwardi ; "Uenedictus" (chant),
(Jackson); hymn carol. "Thou Didst
Leave Thy Throne" (A. N. C); "Kyrie"
(Mendelssohn): "Gloria Tibi" (Garrett);
sermon hymn, "Shout the Glad Tidings"
(AvisonV, "Gloria Patri." after sermon,
(Danks); offertory anthem, "There Were
Shepherds" (Chappel); presentation, "All
Things Come of Thee, O Lord" (Anon.);
•'Sursum Corda"; "Sanctus" (Garrett);
communion hymn, "Shepherd of Souls
(Dykes): "Agnus Del" (Gounod); "Gloria
in Excelsis" (old chant); "Nunc Dimittis
(Gower); retrocessional hymn. ''Hark, the
Herald Angels Sing" (Menunssohn).
Following is the programme at the First
Congregational Church on Post and Ma
son streets:
Morning, 11 o'clock— Organ prelude; In
troit, "Hark, the Herald Angels Sing.
Mendelssohn; invocation; responsive read
ing; doxology, "Praise God From Whom
All Blessings Flow"; carol, "O Little
Town of Bethlehem." Nevin; Scripture
lesson: anthem, "There Were Shepherds
Abiding in the Field," Buck; pastoral
prayer; choir, "The Vigil of Mary," Gou
nod; hymn 274, "Joy to the World, the
Lord Is Come," congregation; announce
ments;, offertory, "The New-Born King,
Victo Hammerel (for soprano); sermon by
the pastor— theme, "The Shepherds of
Bethlehem"; choir, "Messiah is King,"
Hawloy; prayer; hymn 339, "All Hail the
Power of Jesus' Name," congregation;
benediction; organ postlude.
Evening, 7:30 o'clock— Organ prelude;
choir, "Gloria in Excelsis," Buck; invo
cation; congregation, tune. "Dundee";
choir, "Arise, Shine, for Thy Light Is
Come,"' Maker; Scripture lesson; choir,
"A Dream of Bethlehem," Coombs; pray
er; contralto solo, "In Cradle Lowly";
Douglas; congregation, tune, "Christ
mas"; announcements.
Central Methodist Episcopal Church,
Mission street, between Sixth and Sev
enth, Dr. Charles Edward Locke pastor.
The following will be the Christmas mu
sic: Morning service— Organ prelude,
grand offertory in F op. 9 (Batiste); 'ju
bilate Deo" (Dr. H. J. Stewart); alto solo,
"The Little Child of Bethlehem" (Lloyd),
by Mrs. J. W. Madden; organ offertory,
"Cantilene Nuptials" (Dubois); "Arise,
Shine," festival anthem (Arthur Foote);
postlude, "Fugue in D" (Guilmont). Even
ing ser vice— Organ, grand offertory, op. 8
(Batiste); cantata, "The Night in Beth
lehem," for soprano and barytone, solo
and chorus (Caryl Florio); organ offer
tory, No. 1, op. 31 (Frank G. Rolmer); so
prano solo, "Noel" (Gounod); "Holy
Might," by Miss Grace I. Davis (Dud
ley Buck); postlude, "Torchlight March"
(Guilmont). In the morning Dr. Locke's
subject will be, "Does the Testimony of
the Centuries Verify the Promise of the
Angels to Bethlehem's Shepherd?" Sub
ject for evening, "Our Christmas; Jesus
Enshrined in Music," No. 3 of a series.
The musical programme and the serv
ices to be held at the Church of Our Lady
of Victories (French Church), on Bush
street, will be as follows: At the 9 o'clock
mass a special choir, led by Miss Cellie,
will sing "Minuit Chretien" and "Adeste
Fideles." Achille L. Artigues will preside
at the organ and the orchestra of the
Boys' Sodality will ue a new feature in
the accompaniment. At 11 o'clock solemn
high mass; Rev. Father Loude, S. M., will
celebrate. Father Roman, S. M., and
Father Guibert, S. M., wll be deacon and
sub-deacon. Rev. Father Guibert will ad
dress the congregation.
The regular choir of the church, ably
presided over by Professor S. Martinez,
will render one of Gans' ablest produc
tions. At the offertory Mrs. Montague-
Turner will sing the "Noel d'Adam." At
3 o'clock p. m. there will be a meeting of
the Boys' Sodality, at which a Christmas
tree will be discussed. At 7:30 benediction
of the blessed sacrament and sermon by
Rev. A. A. Loude, S. M.
The order of service at the First Uni
tarian Church on Franklin and Geary
streets will be: Organ prelude, "Offer
toire Pour Noel," in C (Grison): anthem,
"There Were Shepherds" (Myles B. Fos
ter); Scripture reading, Old Testament —
Isaiah xlii:l-4. New Testament— Luke
ii :40-52; andante. Quartet No. 21, string
quartet (Mozart); responsive reading,
minister and people, page, 150; "Glory to
God" (Reed); anthem, "O Sing to God,"
Cantique de Noel (Gounod), tenor and
alto solo, quartet and chorus; prayer;
andante. Quartet No. 4 (Mendelssohn),
string quartet; hymn, 356, "Antioch" (ar
ranged by L. Mason); offertory, "Reiolcc-
Greatly," "Messiah"(Handel),Mrs. Charles
O. Richards, string quartet and organ ac
companiment; sermon; anthem, "Sing. O
Daughter of Zion" (Gadsby); hymn 360,
"Christmas" (Handel); benediction; organ
postlude, "Hallelujah" (Handel).
Following Is a list of the singers who
will render the various musical selections:
Mrs. Charles O. Richards, sop: ano; Miss
A. Corcoran, soprano; Mrs. Emretta Sy
brandt, soprano; Miss Margaretha E.
Bruntsch, alto; Mrs. Mary E. Bretherick,
alto; Arthur Boyce, tenor; Benjamin G.
Franklin, tenor; Henry A. Melvin, bass.
Wlsmer string quartet— Hother Wismer,
first violin; Waldemar Lind, second violin;
A. A. Solomon, viola; A. Lada, cello. Or
ganist and choir director, H. Bretherick.
SURPLUS OF BRITISH WOMEN.
One Thousand and Sixty Females to
Every One Thousand Males.
It must be disquieting to those who
consider marriage to be every woman's
birthright to see how stealthily but
surely her chances of realizing her des
tiny are diminishing.
The census of IS7I disclosed the fact
that the women in the United Kingdom
outnumbered the males by no fewer
than 893,195. In 1881 this deplorable dis
parity in numbers had grown to 958,
638, and at the last census in 1891 the
surplus females (not that under any
conditions woman could be considered
redundant) numbered 1,112,512.
Think of this vast army of females,
who for matrimonial purposes must be
deemed too many. Arranged two
abreast at intervals of a yard this fair
column would carry the tale of its
grievances from London right to the
border beyond Carlisle, and even there
they would find no redress.
The census figures prove that in Ire
land a woman's chances of finding her
mate are better than in any other part
of the United Kingdom. For every 1000
males Ireland is blessed with 1029 fe
males, a disparity which need not make
any Irish girl despair. England ranks
next as a matrimonial market, as for
every 1000 men there are only sixty-four
females to spare. Scotland has 1072 fe
males for every 1000 males, and must be
content to be shunned by marrying
girls.
The islands adjacent to our shores
are the least promising as matrimonial
hunting grounds, for no fewer than
1126 females have to be apportioned
among 1000 males. Throughout the
United Kingdom there are approxi
mately 1060 females to attract every
1000 males.
The problem of the sexes assumes
startling proportions when we consider
that the females in the United King
dom alone, if placed in single file at
intervals of a little over six feet, could
whisper a secret entirely round the
earth at the equator.
The females in England would form
a column twenty abreast, at intervals
of a yard, long enough to reach from
Lizard point to Berwick-on-Tweed. Sim
ilarly arranged, at intervals of a few
inches, more or less, than a yard, the
fair army of Scotland, five abreast,
could link the Grampians with John
o' Groat's. Ireland's equally fair army,
four abreast, would stretch across the
extreme length of their country, and
the insular fair ones would form a col
umn, two abreast, extending in a
straight line from Charing Cross to
Woking.— London Tit-Bits.
■ » ■
How Hobson Was Pleased.
Now that Lieutenant Richmond Pearson
Hobson, the hero of the Merrimac, is no
longer our guest, it may not be ungra
cious to relate a little incidt-nt that oc
curred during his stay here. It is a proof
of the loyalty of the Scotch for their own,
although the principal in this affair is
truly American, having a son who was In
the volunteer army throughout the war.
Lieutenant Hobson was attending a re
ception given in his honor by a promi
nent physician of this city, and many of
the fair women of the municipality were
crowding around him, eager for a hand
shake or a passing word of conversation.
The Scotch lady was standing by his side
with friends, and they were carrying on
quite a conversation «vith the nation's
hero. After satisfying herself that she
had actually stood in the shadow of a
famous man and had talked with him,
one of them, with an attempt to be su
perfluously complimentary, said to her
friend, "My, Mrs. H., don't you wish you
had a son like that?" "I don't know
about that," quickly replied the one ap
pealed to. "I have three sons, and I
think every one of them is every bit as
good as our honored and brave lieuten
ant here." All those withjn hearing
were astounded at the temerity of the
Americanized Scotch mother, but Hobson,
with characteristic gentlemanliness,
bowed and remarked: "That's right,
Mrs. H.: stand up for your own bairns.
I was glad to hear y"ou say that." Be
fore parting he presented a rose as a
token of his appreciation of the mother
who was loyal to her sons.— Philadelphia
Inquirer- __
DR. PIERCES REMEDIES
¥E TRUE STORY
Of the Confiding Woman, the
Cynical Man and the
Bearded Lady.
The scene is a comfortable sitting-
room. Mr. Lovegood is buried in a
book and his wife is scanning the ad-
i vertisements in the evening paper. Sud-
d enly Mrs. Lovegood says "Say, dear,"
in a voice that makes Mr. Lovegood
almost drop his book. "Well, what is
It?" he says with a laugh; "another
real genuine bargain offer?" "I don't
know that you'd call it that," his wife
replied. "But, yes, you might," she
continued, "for it is a bargain offer of
free medical advice." "Let's hear all
about it, my dear," said her husband.
"But you know I'm a little dubious
BB»««^*Ai^ | ... . <
about your bargains. Your 'swans so
often turn out to be geese.' " "Well,
then, it's an offer by a woman (physi-
cian) to give free medical advice by
letter, and it says it's better to write
to a woman because a man can't un-
derstand a woman, just because he's a
man, and it says, too, that it's just re-
volting to go to a man physician any-
how." And Mrs. Lovegood stopped be-
cause she was out of breath.
"I bet you," said her husband, "that
the advertisement doesn't say she's a
woman physician." "Why, yes it does,"
said his wife, as she looked at the ad-
vertisement again. "Well, no, I guess
it doesn't say she's a physician, but it
means the same thing, for it says that
'it is a woman whose experience in
treating woman's diseases is greater
than that of any living physician, male
or female.' " Mr. Lovegood chuckled
and said: "That's what I love about
you, my dear. You are so ready to
believe without question when there's
a bargain in view. If you were a lit-
tle fish, I'd catch you every time with
a rubber worm if I put a bargain sign
above the hook."
"Oh, do be serious for once," cried
Mrs. Lovegood. "Then, to be serious,"
he replied, "this woman doesn't claim
to be a physician. She would claim to
be a physician if she could, because
she is trying to convey the impression
in every other way than by a direct
claim that she is a physician. She is
not, therefore, a physician and can
never have practiced medicine. Yet
not being a physician and therefore
never having practiced medicine, she
claims to have had 'experience in treat-
ing woman's diseases, greater than any
living physician.' Now the question
is, since she never practiced medicine,
where did she get that experience?"
"Well, that is so," Mrs. Lovegood
somewhat reluctantly admitted, "but
then she is a woman." "I'm not so
sure about that even," said her hus-
band. "It looks to me as if some man
was 'working' the women with the
'bearded lady' act."
"Bearded lady act! Do you mean to
say that they have dime museum
freaks for doctors? Why you must be
foolish, or else amazingly prejudiced,"
cried his wife.
"You are too literal, my dear," said
Mr. Lovegood. "What I mean by the
'bearded lady' act is that some man is
posing as a woman, writing over a
woman's signature or using a woman
as a stalking horse, assuming a
woman's character to mislead. The
'bearded lady' of the show is always a
freak and generally a fraud. The point
in this advertisement that we are dis-
cussing is that you are asked to 'write
to a woman,' the implication being that
the woman is competent to give and
Will give you qualified and valuable
medical advice. But as it isn't speci-
fied that the 'woman' is a physician
there's no infraction of the law. The
probabilities are that there isn't a qual-
ified doctor around the place, and the
whole so-called 'medical correspond-
ence' is done by a lot of girl clerks."
"Oh!" Mrs. Lovegood interjected,
"that's what it means then when they
say that "only women see the corre-
spondence.' "
"Exactly, my dear," continued her
husband, "and suppose the woman in
the advertisement is a real woman and
not the 'bearded lady,' there's your
dressmaker, who is also a woman, not
to speak of Mrs. Flannigan, the cook's
mother, who is a really excellent
woman. If the woman's not a doctor
then one woman's as good as another
and it's foolish going to a stranger
hundreds of miles distant for the
sympathy which friends at home can
better supply. And as for a man not
understanding woman's diseases be-
cause he's a man, that is the cheapest
sort of claptrap. Who have done the
doctoring in the past two thousand
years? The men. Where must the
modern woman physician go for her
knowledge? To schools taught by men
and books written by men. If this
woman, who claims men don't under-
stand woman's diseases, should ever
take to the study of medicine she'd
have to be taught everything she knew
by the men, who don't know anything,
according to her opinion. The prob-
lem is, how a man who doesn't know
anything about woman's diseases can
teach a woman to know everything
about them. I give it up."
"Then you wouldn't write?" said
Mrs. Lovegood, doubtfully.
"Write? What for?" said her hus-
; band. "Write to a woman? What's
I the use of writing to a woman? If you
i want to write, write to a doctor. The
• first question In sickness is not a ques-
i tlon of sex, but a question of medical
\ ability and qualifications. There's no
sex in medicine, anyhow. If you want
to write, why not write to a man of
j medical standing, a specialist like Dr.
jR. V. Pierce of Buffalo, N. Y. ? You
know he's a regularly graduated doc-
j tor. You know he's a good one and at
, the head of a great medical institution.
1 You know he's had thirty years' ex-
perience and has, with the aid of his
I staff of nearly a score of skilled spe-
I cialists, treated more than half a mil-
I lion women, who freely confided in the
integrity of the man and the skill of
the physician. President Garfleld
once said of Dr. Pierce, "He is one of
the best men in the world, and he is- at
the head of one of the best medical in-
I stitutions in the world.' There's noth-
ing new about this free consultation by
< letter, my dear. It has been a feature
;of Dr. Pierces practice for years— in
| fact, for more than a quarter of a cen-
j tury. Write to him, because you'll get
! the best advice and no string tied to it,
I so to speak."
"But," queried Mrs. Lovegood, "do
you think even though Dr. Pierce is a
| qualified physician, and ranks so high
I DR. PIERCES REMEDIES.
as a specialist, he can treat disease by-
correspondence ?' '
"I don't see why not," answered Mr.
Lovegood. "Medical science is wheeling
into line with everything else, and
dropping the hocus pocus of the middle
ages. The 'divinity that hedged in'
the priest and physician is a thing of
the past. A man is taken for what he
is and what he can do. Of course the
members of the profession who are not
specialists would naturally fight an in-
novation which took away their pa-
tients and their profits. But when a
new idea makes for public good it can't
be destroyed. They used to say no
steamer could be built to cross the At-
lantic. She couldn't carry coal enough.
One prominent Englishman, then
leader in the House of Commons, in
the heat of a debate declared 'that if
ever any steamer crossed the Atlantic
he'd eat it. machinery and all.' I take
it that the objections to treatment by
correspondonce have as little founda-
tion in fact as the objections to the
possibility of steamships crossing the
Atlantic.
"It reminds me of that story about
the man who had been arrested for
some offense. He sent for a lawyer,
who, when he had heard the story, said:
[ 'Why, man alive, they can't arrest you
j for that!'
" 'But,' said the prisoner, 'they've
done it.'
"It does not seem any use to argue
about the possibility of being treated
successfully by correspondence with
i Dr. Pierce when there are thousands of
people to stand up and say 'We have
been successfully treated, we have been
entirely cured by Dr. Pierce and hi?
staff of specialists.' "
j "Then," said his wife, "it doesn't fol-
low that any and everybody could treat
successfully by correspondence. It is a
movement in advance of ordinary prac-
I tice, by those specially qualified who
; have given special study and special ef-
j fort to some branch of medicine. Is
that your idea?"
"Precisely, my dear," Mr. Lovegood
! answered, preparing to continue his
reading. "You have got the whole
thing now. It isn't because some one
advertises to give medical advice by
correspondence that you can necessar-
ily assume the advice will be valuable
or helpful. Anybody can make such an
offer. It is wise to go behind the
promises and the claims made and see
if they bear investigation. In Dr.
Pierces case the closer the examination
of his claims and record the greater the
confidence which he will inspire. Dr.
R. V. Pierce is at the head of the In-
valids' Hotel and Surgical Institute, at
Buffalo, N. V., a medical and surgical
institution, which in its scientific equip-
ment, its laboratory, its staff of nearly
a score of experienced physicians and
surgeons and its variety of daily prac-
tice, is on a footing w:ith any medical
and surgical institute in the country."
And just here the infant heir of the
house of Lovegood voiced a message to
"a. woman" who was in every way
qualified to give him the desired atten-
tion, which she promptly did.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE ,
Scottisli Union ill National
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF EDINBURGH. SCOTLAND. ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. • 1897, and for
the year ending on that day. as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of -sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code; condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $101,587 9*
Loans on bonds and mortgages.. 1,482.680 99
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,730,373 81
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 2,800 00
Cash in company's office 1,366 84
Cash in banks 424,563 57
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and 10an5...... 18,740 69
Interest due and accrued on bonds ,?•• ■
and mortgages 23,133 88
Premiums in due course of collection 271,237 9!
Total assets.... 44.056,487 M
.." LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $35,884 28
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense........ 229.332 48
Losses resisted. including expenses.. 17,641 67
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,801,671 86:
reinsurance 50 per cent 900,835 93
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than. one, year. $1,755,-
420 08; reinsurance pro rata 935.233 21
Commissions and brokerage due and
to become due.;... 23,435 «g
Total' liabilities $2,148,363 23
j INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums .$2,304.554 86
Received for Interest on bonds and
mortgages '. •••"•••" 75, (14 84
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources.. •••• 57,493 84
Received for rents ••• 5,053 00
Total income ............: $2,493,816 64
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire .losses (in-,
eluding $291,545 03, losses of pre-
vious years) • $1,211,388 8!
Paid or allowed for commission or •"
brokerage • 511,087 91
Paid for salaries,- fees and other-
charges for officers, clerks, etc . 107.19S IS
Paid for State, national and local WwS
taxes ••••• 57,792 38
All other payments and expendi-
tures •• 131.042 S3
Total expenditures... $2,048,510 27
Fire. . ••
Losses incurred during the year $1.197,946 95
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $336,595,92S $3.201,357 45
Net amount of risks rex- .v"
. pi red during the year.. 292,161,25" 2.593.850 85
Net amount in force De- •-._•. .
cember 31. 1897.......... 406.050.811 3.557,091 94
MARTIN BENNETT, :
' ■ ; United States . Manager. ■;
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 21st
day of January, - 1898. . - -i. •■ ■
CLARKSON N. FOWLER. Notary Public -
R. C. MEDQRAFT,
GENERAL .AGENT,
319 CALIFORNIA STREET,
. SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. '/ '  , r-
13'DTTC!TTT7C'.for BARBERS. DAK-
JDIiU kJIiUfD ers - bootblacks, batii-
■•* -~.T- ~77~ 77 houses, billiard, table*,
brewers, bookbinders, candy- makers. . nners.
dyers, flournrlls. foundries, laundries, : paper-
hangers, - .. printers, v painters, , shoe :<• factories :
stablemen, tar-roofers," tanners, tailors, etc. • •
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento 3£ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
CONSTABULARY
RIVALRY LEADS
TO TROUBLE
Deputy Sheriff Quin
lan Under Arrest.
CHARGED WITH DISTURBANCE
THE CROP OF TRAMPS IS SUD
DENLY SWOOPED UPON.
Sequel of a Long Battle That Is Sup
posed to Have Ended at
the Recent County
Election.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 24.
A constabulary war has broken out in
East Oakland, and as a result Deputy
Sheriff Jerry Quinlan will have to answer
charge <>f disturbing the peace of
Deput Le John Taylor.
There remain but a few days for those
now in office and January 3 new Consta
bles and deputies will step in. As a con
sequence and probably with the desire to
go out of offloe with a record swelled
•with arrests the crop of tramps during
the past two weeks has been unusually
large in quantity and various in quality
and assortment; and a tramp released
from the County Jail counts well in the
next swoop. Only yesterday, as an in
stance. John McDevitt, unemployed, was
brought in on a charge of vagrancy. He
had been released two days before and
claims the Constables and their deputies
followed him until he had almost passed
beyond the county line, but tired and hun
gry he laid himself down with his head
in ' Contra Costa County and his legs in
Alameda County, when he was bundled
back to jail on the same charge.
This rivalry has nurtured jealousy and,
according to unbiased Sources, led to a
warm dispute between Deputy Sheriff
Quinlan and Constable Weldon's deputy,
John Taylor, a wiry, middle-aged Briton,
who emphasizes his words with a hickory
cane. The result was Quinlan's arrest.
The latter appeared before Justice L.. M.
Laurence in East Oakland this morning
and pleaded not guilty. His bail was
at $100. He desired further time in
which to decide upon a jury trial.
"This whole business is a piece of spue
■work," said Deputy Sheriff Quinlan. who
is also a Deputy Constable. "It's all be
caupe we helped do up that gang at the
flection. I have retained M. C. Chapman
as my attorney and will ask for a change
of venue to Alameda for a square deal.
JUSTICE CLIFF'S NEMESIS.
Close of His Term May Obviate the
Object of C. E. Kinard*s Suit.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24.— Further testimony
aken to-day in the suit of C. E.
JCinard to depose Justice of the Peace
Fred C. Clift on the ground of misconduct
in office.
C. S. Martin testified that on October
j- ii 1 the Justice a $20 fine.
Kinard next called Grand Jury Expert
Dunshee to show that Cliffs records do
not show that the money wtis paid over
to the County Treasurer. Witness Duns
h<=>e had made a very thorough examina
tion nn<l Plated he found no entry of the
$20: but that the records showed that
from April 1, 1886, to Mny 1. 1898, $11.0 a 0
in fines had been turned into the treas
ury which amount was $35 more than
Clift had actually received according to
his books. , _-
Kinard who is conducting the prose
cution alone and personally, next ask.-d
the expert to examine the records .since
last May and up to December S, and state
-nit. Dunshee was "stumped.
"If the court so orders, why of course
J shall do so," said he, "but I might say
right here that it will mean several days
I "puty County Treasurer Husband next
produced the certificates of the money
turned in by Clift. The result was the
E ame. He showed that Clifi had regu
larly paid on account up to a certain
Here the case was continued until next
Thursday, December 29. but Judge Ells
worth Vas unable to say definitely
vhpthpr a further hearing could be had
at that time: hence It Is not unlikely that
the end of Justice Clift's legal trrm Win
yet obviate the purpose of Klnard's suit.
DROUGHT KILLED CATTLE.
And Now John Beck Sues to Recover
Their Value and Damages.
OAKLAND. Dec. 24.— As a result of the
loss of cattle caused by the long drought,
a snit was filed in the Superior Court this
afternoon that may be followed by many
others In this instance John Beck sues
F McFarland, S. E. Gettis, P. McFar
laiid Jr. and F. M. Van Dyke for there
covery of $4500. the value of ninety-five
head of cattle, and $1500 damages, for tho
unlawful detaining and refusal to give
uti the cattle. . ,
Beck is a well-to-do rancher near Liv
ermore. and during the long dry spell he
shinned a great many of his horses ana
cowsto defendants in Humboldt County
for* pasture. He is known, to have lost
considerable, and the suit-Is looked upon
as a test as to whether he can compel
defendants to make good his loss.
» » «
- BOY BURGLARS FREE.
Pardoned by the Board of State
Prison Directors.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24.-The boy burglars,
AW Major* and Bert Willmore, will spend
their Christmas at home, being pardoned
last night by the State Prison directors.
Ever since the boys were convicted after
aaxkable Berles of crimes, nearly
three y.ars avo. never-ceasing efforts
have been made by Mrs. Wagner, who is
the mother of Majors, to secure their
release. The directors were slow to act,
a- the boy*, though young in years, had
shown Mich a remarkable development
of criminal instinct, but now they be
lieve that the youngsters have learned
their lesson and can safely be allowed to
■u;-":;iri enter society.
While at prison Warden Aull has kept
very strict watch over them and gives it
IL6 his opinion that the boys have really
reformed.
A Centerville Romance.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24.— The announcement
that Miss Louise Oiney, proprietress of
the Gregory House at Centerville and
Robert T Moses are married has thrown
that little city into a flush of excitement.
It was generally known that the young
couule were very fond of each other's
company, and it was stated that they
were engaged, but this was stubbornly
denied by the young lady's relatives. Yes
terday the couple returned from a vls(t
to Stockton and frankly admitted thßt
they had been married since last May.
The bride 1b a talented musician and tho
n is a cousin of and manager for
T. C. Jarvis, who is at present in Alaska.
Teachers' Certificates Granted.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24.-The County
Board of Education this morning granted
teacher*' certificates as graduates of the
Tniversity to the following: Miss
Ellida Mary Kelly, Mlfp Caroline More
la no Cushing, Miss L. E. Johnson, kflsa
Kate M. Wertz and Charles L. Bleden
hacb A special certificate was issueS to
Miss Graydon and a grammar grade cer
tificate- to Archibald Mullock; renewals to
MUa Alice Kalley. Mrs. Agnes Haley
Crosby and Miss Elizabeth Wells. Miss
M. Isabel McCrackin was recommended
to »he State Board of Education for a
life diploma. «
CHRISTMAS
FESTIVALS AT
THE CHURCHES
Special Programmes
Announced.
"THE BETHLEHEM STORY"
"COMING OF THE KING," AT THE
FIRST PRESBYTERIAN.
J. J. Valentine's Gift of Stained Win
dows to Be Unveiled at the
Cnurch of the
Advent.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Dec. 24.
Christmas day will bo celebrated in the
churches to-morrow with elaborate and
appropriate musical festivals. All the
places of worship have made special ef
forts to celebrate the day and have en
gaged enlarged choirs and soloists
to render the musical programme, ttev.
Dr. Coyle will preach morning and even
ing at the First Presbyterian Church and
the solo quartet will consist of Mrs. C. E.
Dexter, Mrs. C. Nicholson, Benjamin
Clarke and Clement Roland. The chorus
choir consists of forty voices, and the
main feature of the programme will be
rendered in the evening, consisting of
Dudley Buck's cantata, "The Coming of
the King."
At the First Congregational Church
there will be a special praise service In
the evening from Handel's "Messiah."
The evening service at the First M. E.
Church will be in the nature of a Christ
mas festival. The music will be led by
an orchestra, and the soloists are Miss
Georgie Cope and Mrs. A. A. Dewing.
The First M. E. Sunday-school will take
charge of the morning services, and its
well-known orchestra will be a prominent
feature.
The vested choir of thirty men and boys
will render an appropriate programme at
St. John's Episcopal Church.
Rev. C. H. Hobart will preach morning
and evening at the First Baptist Church,
and at each service there will be special
music. Rev. C. M. Hill will lecture on
Sunday evening on "The Bethlehem
Story," and Ptereopticon views will be
used to illustrate the lecture.
Rev. V. Marshall Law will not be able
to preach at the Church of the Advent,
on account of a broken collarbone, follow
ing quickly on an acute attack of epi
lepsy. Rev. John Gassman will preach.
John. J. Valentine, senior warden of this
church, has recently returned from a long
trip East, and to-morrow morning several
handsome stained glass windows which
have been presented by Mr. Valentine will
be seen for the first time. He has also
presented some memorial tablets. The
interior of the church has also been dec
orated, mainly through the generosity of
Mr. Valentine.
In all the churches there wil be very
handsome Christmas decorations, and ;tt
St. Francis de Sales the handsome stat
uary imported two years ago from Ger
many for the manger scene will be used.
AN INSANE SPIRITUALIST.
He Burns His Clothes and Wields
Revolvers Most Threateningly.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24.— T. R. Grlmwood,
formerly a motorman on the Central
avenue street railway line, is believed to
be violently insane, and the police have
been searching for him all day.
Grlmwood has been boarding at the
Martin residence, on Fortieth street,. near
Shattuck avenue. He called there early
this morning, armed with two grim-look
ing revolvers, and demanded his clothing.
His demand was forthwith respected,
when he took the clothes and built a
bonfire with them on the lawn. Before
the police arrived on the scene Grimwood
had departed. He stated to the landlady
that he would surely use his guns on any
one attempting to arrest him and that he
did not Intend being taken alive.
Grimwood has not been seen since, and
the polled have been instructed by Chief
Fletcher to be cautious in handling on
apprehending the fellow, whose mental
derangement is believed to bo due to his
deep* studies in the mysteries of spirit
ualism. .._.
He Wanted to Die.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24.— 1. 1.-vison, em
ployed as a cook at the Women's Co
operative Home, 631 Thirteenth street, at
tempted to commit suicide this afternoon
by taking a dose of Strychnine. At the
Receiving Hospital he stated that family
troubles were responsible for his rash
act. He is married, aged 42, and has sev
eral children, but his wife recently left
him. Dr. H. Horn, assisted by Steward
Tobin. soon had the would-be suicide out
of danger. LevtSOß says he is not sorry
for his rashness and that he still prefers
Cannery Contract Recorded.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24.— The contract for
the construction of the proposed cannery
at San Leandro has been let by the King-
Morse Canning Company to Phil Sheri
dan of Berkeley, and was placed on rec
ord this afternoon. The contract price is
$14,512, and work will be commenced im
mediately.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND. Dec. 24.— 5. F. Morrill to
day filed suit against W. J. Dingee for the
recovery of $4978 99, claimed to be due on
a mutual open and current contract for
labor performed and goods sold and de
livered.
The divorce suit of Mary J. Lawry
against Edward C. Lawry was dismissed
to-day at the Instance of plaintiff.
The" following new officers were elected
at the annual meeting of the Twenty
third Avenue District Improvement Asso
ciation last night: Samuel Swift, presi
dent; Dr. N. K. Foster, vice president;
B. F. Hobart, secretary and treasurer.
The "Kalamazoo" machines will not be
removed from some of the saloons with
out a legal fight. A movement is on foot
to tost the ordinance OX enactment under
which the»e machines have been ordered
out of saloons and an attorney has been
retained.
William R. Davis of counsel for the city
In the famous water front case states
that while he has not seen the text of
the Illinois Supreme Court decision in a
water front cases there recently, there
are features in it which might be of much
importance to the Oakland case if the
published reports are true.
Articles of Incorporation were filed with
MRS. ADA HOLTON FEARS
SHE WILL BE "BOTKINED"
OAKLAND, Dec. 24.— The sensationalism indulged in by certain news- -
papers in the now celebrated Botkin case has wrecked the mind of -
an estimable woman, Mrs, Ada Holton of 1072 Fourteenth street. East -
)akland, who fears that she might also be "Botkined." She fears lest she -
should meet Mrs. Dunning's fate in being poisoned by mail and has of- -
fered large sums of money to some of her friends if they will not carry out -
. these imaginary horrors.
Only recently has she shown these unusual signs of mental derange- •
• ment. When letters arrive for her she fears to open them because she im- -
• agines that the supposed poison contained therein will be immediately ab- -
sorbed by her brain.
The unfortunate woman is 45 years of age and is the mother of a pret- -
ty little 10-year-old girl. She is detained at the Receiving Hospital, and -
was partially examined to-day by the Lunacy Commissioners and will be -
further examined next Tuesday. .
ThLK SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1898.
the County Clerk to-day by the John
Nicholl Company with principal place of
business in Oakland. Purposes, buying
and selling real estate, public and private
stocks, mortgages, bonds, etc. The capi
tal stock is $400,000, all actually subscribed
by the directors, as follows: John Nich
oll, $399,20u; John H. Nicholl, Mary E.
Nicholl, Hester H. Nicholl and John B.
Mhoon, each $200.
■ ♦ ■
LIABLE TO PASSENGERS.
Street Railway Companies Must Cany
r aople Where Tickets Call For.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24.— Two interesting
cases concerning the liability of street
railway companies were decided by Jus
tice of the Peace Clift to-day. The de
cision practically places these carriers in
the same category as steam railways in
the matter of being compelled to carry
passengers to their destination.
A year ago John F. Burris and his son,
George B. Burris, filed suit against the
East Oakland Street Railroad and the
Realty Syndicate for $200 damages each
for being carried only as far as East
P^ourth street and being compelled to
walk the remainder of the distance to
their home at Trestle Glen— about two
miles. Their tickets called for transpor
tation from Fourth street on, but the
company had ordered a car off without
notifying the conductor on the Eighth
street line, from whom plaintiffs had re
ceived transfers. The suits were fought
bitterly, and Justice Olift gave judgment
in either case as asked for. It is said
that many other similar suits will now
be commenced.
WATER NOW IN SIGHT.
An Artesian Well Discovered North
of Berkeley Which Promises
Abundant Supply.
BERKELEY, Dec. 24.— There is every
prospect now that the commission ap
pointed by the Board of Trustees recently
j to investigate the question of a nrincl
; pal water supply will soon be able to
turn in a most favorable report. On the
; land to the north of the university town,
' on which tests for water are being made,
. an artesian well was discovered yester
! day of a capacity amply sufficient to set
; tie once and for all the much vexed ques
i tion of the city's water supply.
The well in question was found at a
i depth of 170 feet, and water is now flow
ing from its mouth at the rate of 1000
gallons per hour. An eight-inch borer
1 was started over the spot on trie 12th of
this month. After 120 feet had been
, reached the machine struck a heavy bed
lof clay, which extended downward for
I forty feet and over. This % gave way to a
j stratum of gravel, through which the
| stream burst up after ten feet more of
I boring. The water seems to be of excel
lent quality.
Trustees Julian I,e Conte, Thomas Ad
: dison and Edward Niehaus, who comprise
I the committee, feel very much gratified
! over the results of their experiment, and
; they will doubtless recommend the Board
, of Trustees to develop the new supply
I and use it as the base for a municipal
i water system.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Dec. 24.— Durant Lodge of
the Free Masons held an installation of
officers last night. The following passed
through the ceremony: Worshipful mas
ter, E. C. Bridgeman; senior warden, E.
D. Thomas; junior warden, W. H. Waste;
treasurer, J. T. Morrison; secretary, C. R.
Lord; chaplain, W. G. Sanborn; marshal,
Frank W. Durgin; senior deacon, Robert
Greig; stewards— Frank Thompson, Henry
Patterson and William Ellis.
The meeting of the Lorin Volunteer Fire
Company called for last night was post
poned until next week, as a sufficient
number of members was not present to
constitute a quorum.
A new pipe organ is being fitted into the
gallery of St. Joseph's Church on Addison
street. The Instrument is furnished by
James Paine & Son.
Alameda News Notes.
AIiAMEDA. Dec! 24:— The Alamerla
men's Charitable Association has distrib
uted thirty-five boxes, of Christmas, pro
visions among the poor of this city. The
ladies who have, taken' an active interest
in the work are Mrs. George H. Mastic,
Mrs. S. A. O'Neil. Mrs. R. McChesney,
Mrs. Peter White, Mrs. Peter Outcault,
Mrs. T. P. Winter, Mrs. George Plummer
and Mrs. Juliet Mitchell.
The funeral of the late Victorine Jo
sephs was held this morning at St. Jo
seph's Catholic Church. The services
were in charge of Joe Hooker Post. G. A.
R. The pall bearers were A. R. Hamlin.
J. C. Llnderman, H. H. Todd. George An
derson. E. B. Dunning and Herman Kru
gpr. [ .Among the floral • offerings was • a
piece sent by the city officials of Alameda.
Sixty-five new dwellings were con
structed In Alameda during the year,' rep
resenting an outlay of $173,600.
The High School football team, cham
pions of the lightweight league, will play
the Reliance Club Monday on the local
grounds.
The class of December, '98. Alameda
High School, had mock graduating exer
cises last evening at the home of Edwin
Otis, 1609 Santa Clara avenue.
Special Christmas services will be held
to-morrow in most of the Alameda
churches.
. ♦ ■ - -■■--, ■;
A Quarter the Town's Smallest Coin.
Dean Monahan relates an incident which
illustrates the absence of small change in
the early days of Kansas. In 1868 he went
into the Postoffice at Hays City, threw
down a quarter and asked for a nostage
stamp. 'Want 'only one?" queried the
Postmaster. "Only one," replied the nov
elist, whereupon the Postmaster handed
him a stamp and raken In the quarter.
"Don't I get any change?" demanded
Monahan. "Change, h— 1!" replied the
Government official. "We have no change
in these parts smaller than a quarter."
And this was strictly true. In Hays
City the smallest coin known was the
twenty-five cent piece. A glass of beer
sold for a quarter, and the same charge
was made for a pound of crackers or a
cigar. It is related in the early annals
of the town how the saloon and dance
hall keepers held an indignation meeting
to tak<=> action in the case of a r/pw man
who advertised to sell beer two grasses for
a quarter. The meeting resulted in the
departure of the innovator for pastures
new. As late as 1872 there was a store
in Hays City which never gave any
change smaller than the twenty-five cent
piece. If the customer had, say, 15 cents
coming, he was at liberty to help himself
to a glass of whisky from a barrel which
stood in the corn°r. but he need not ex
pect his dues in money.— Kansas City
Journal.
McKinley and Reed.
President McKinley will not, it Is said,
countenance any opposition, In his name,
to the re-election of Speaker Reed. This
proves that tho President is a discreet
man. desirmis of avoiding unnecessary
political quarrels. Mr. need is not a very
warm administration man, and might
easily become ji very uncomfortable an
tagonist. A sleeping lion is harmless,
and a prudent man, hnvlng business his
way. wisely refuses tn stir him up.— Port*
land Oregoni.'in.
The Luxury of Grief.
Why should Mark Twain rail for a the
ater to be given up wholly to tragedy? Is
it a reaction from the Jocund mirth which
fills half his life? Must we have grief
by way of a recompense for his contin
uous joy? Has he saddened of his good
humor, and must, he sup on horror by
way of a proper balance? One tragedy
ii year is all the most of us can easily
endure. — Judge.
A MIDNIGHT
ROW REVEALS
A DIVORCE
Mertz Spends a Few
Hours in Jail.
ONLY CALLED ON HIS WIFE
HIS STEP-DAUGHTER HAS NO
AFFECTION FOR HIM.
When He Told His Story in Court
He Was at Once Released, as
No One Appeared to
Prosecute.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 24.
C. B. Mertz of 15u6 Broadway says his
domestic affairs have been broken up and
his life made unpleasant through a mem
ber of what is known as the "Jim Rea
push" of San Jose. All last night Mertz
languished in the City Prison, and this
morning those who would prosecute him
thought better of it and did not appear
to make complaint, so he was released.
Mertz went to call on his wife last night,
but there has been trouble between them
and the woman refused to admit him.
Mrs. Mertz said that she was divorced
from him and did not want him to call, j
whereupon he tried to kick in the door.
She was greatly terrified, telephoned for
the police and her husband, was taken to
jail.
"This is a despicable little plot," said
Mertz, "and is due to the unhappy mar
riage of my stepdaughter to Elmer E.
Cottle, an employe of the County Treas- j
urer of Santa Clara, Recently this step- j
daughter was quietly divorced from her
husband, and every effort has been made
to keep the affair quiet, for what rea- I
son I can only guess. Mr. and Mrs.
Cottle were never friendly toward me,
and now that there* has been a divorce
in the family they are trying to make
it appear that it is I who have been di
vorced. As a matter of fact, lam not
divorced and had a perfect right to call
on my wife. Her apparent hysterics and'
expressions of fear when I went to the
door are all imaginary and were merely
assumed for a purpose, and I doubt not
at the suggestion of Mrs. Cottle."
When iiertz was taken before Judge
Moore this morning he explained his trou
ble and declared that no one was de
sirous of prosecuting mm, as they did
not wish to hear the story he would tell
In his own behalf. His view of things
Is evidently correct, for no one appeared
and he was released. As he walked out
of court he said, "It is all due to that
fellow in the San Jose push."
ECONOMY BY MACHINERY.
Penny-in-the-Slot Device to Help j
Those Who Cannot Keep
Their Cash-
Early noxt year the man who has a
penny to put by for a rainy day will not
find it necessary either to save ud a
shilling or to walk around to the Penny
Bank.
He will be able to drop it into a slot
machine on the sidewalk, or at a rail
way station, and then, by working a
lever, he will be provided with a deposit
receipt, upon any nu... ber of which he
may realize at his convenience.
Mr. Alfred J. Faulding of 13 and 14
Abchurch lane, the promoter of the
penny-in-the-slot bank, told a Daily
Mail representative yesierday all about
his interesting scheme.
"I am convinced," he said, "that there
are thousands of people in London
alone who would gladly save a little if
they only had a convenient means of
putting their odd cop ers into secure
and profitable keeping. At present,
when one considers how large the popu
lation of London is, but comparatively
few people think of taking their pen
nies along to the bank, while the num
ber of those who hoard their pence until
they have saved sufficient to constitute
a savings bank deppsit is also very
small.
"Now, what I propose to do is to es
tablish in London at the beginning of
next year a thousand boxes or banks
for the reception of pennies. These
boxes or banks will be placed in the
streets, at the railway stations, and
in factories and schools. The man.
woman, or child who has a penny to
spare and wishes to save it will drop
the coin through a slot, move a lever,
and take the receipt, which will be
presented at the bottom of the appa
ratus. These receipts may be taken
around to the penny-in-the-slot bank
and left on deposit, or, of course,
they may be realized upon at any time.
The company will pay 2Ms per cent in
terest, and the scheme of working: will
be the same as in older banking insti
tutions.
"We are making elaborate prepara
tions," continued Mr. Fauldlngr. "to
meet the enterprise of the boeus-coin
depositor, and by the time the boxes
are out we shall be quite ready for
him. The boxes, or banks, will be so
constructed that the pennies will fall
into a perpendicular tube. By that
means we shall be in a position to find
out by counting from the bottom just
how many pennies had been dropped
before the spurious coin arrived. Then,
as the receipts will be numbered suc
cessively, we shall, having before us
the number of the box and the date of
the deposit, be in a position to interview
the holder of the receipt when he or she
puts in an appearance at the bank.
"In the case of depositors who might
desire us to invest their money, they
would have the right to nominate the
stock, and the investment would be
made, the depositor giving us a com
plete quittance. Say we had £1000 for
Investment in a particular stock on be
half of a number of depositors. In that
case we should issue fractional certifi
cates and hold the stock in the names
of the trustees.
"If, on the other hand, depositors
should desire us to pay each £1 as it
arrived into another bank, we should
be willing to do so. I believe that the
penny-ln-the-slot bank will be a suc
cess for the promoters and a boon to
the great want-to-save-a-bit section of
the public.
"If the penny bank proves profitable,
it will be followed by sixpenny and
shilling machines. Meanwhile a com
pany Is being formed to carry the
scheme into execution." — London Daily
Mail.
Differing Opinions.
Lord Farrar. speaking at the Cobden
Club, in London, on Thursday evening, |
said "no nation had committed more eco- ,
nomic follies than the United States." |
President Ritchie of the British Board !
of Trade, on the same evening, said that j
since ISSI the exports of the United
States have Increased IS per cent, while
those of Great Britain have decreased 5
per cent. As these eminent British au- !
thorities answer each other so complete
lv, comment on the part of the United
States were, perhaps, superfluous.—Phila
delphia Ledger.
The amount available for pensions In
North Carolina this year Is 1120,000.
The number of pensions has consider
ably increased-
MORE THAN
FAITHFUL TO
HIS TRUST
Won a Bride by His
Fidelity.
THE BIBBY- BAKER NUPTIALS
THE FAIR ORGANIST NEEDED
AN ESCORT.
No Action of a Church Board Ever
Resulted as Happily as the
Appointment of Mr.
Bibby.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, Dec. 24.
John William 131 bby of East Oakland
was married this evening to Miss Mary
Baker of Fruitvale. This wedding is the
sequel to an incident that aroused much
comment a few years ago.
Miss Baker was the organist of the
Tenth-avenue Baptist Church. Her broth
er is George D. Baker, who at that time
was State president of the A. P. A. Miss
Baker was being considerably annoyed by
an infatuated clerk from San Francisco.
He sought every means to meet the young
organist and even when she went to the
church to practice her unwelcome au
mirer would intercept her. After bear
ing this annoyance for some time Miss
Baker complained to her brother of her
tormentor and a thrashing followed. This,
however, did not entirely prevent the or
ganist from being annoyed. She com
plained to the church board and that body
took the matter in hand.
The church board, after a consultation,
appointed, or perhaps suggested, that
Miss Baker should be escorted from her
home to the church so long as there was
any danger of her being annoyed. Wil
liam Bibby, a member of the church,
was appointed as her escort, and how
faithfully he fulfilled his duty is perhaps
best shown by the marriage license issued
this afternoon.
Three years have passed since Mr. Bib
by was commissioned to his pleasant task
and their friends are saying jocularly, but
with some degree of truth, that the mar
riage is the happy result of a match made
and approved by the church.
SHE WHIPPED A BULL.
A Passing Young Woman Stopsat a
farmyard and Saves a Man's Life.
That Miss Sallie Reifenrath is made
of the stuff which constitutes heroines
was very plainly demonstrated by a
thrilling incident in which she figured
conspicuously yesterday.
Edward Able is an athletic young
farmhand in the employ of Theodore
Tinsman, near Bloomsbury, and several
times he has had encounters with a
fiery young bull which seemed to have
a special grudge against him. Able
managed to come out ahead in these
scrimmages, for he is a courageous fel
low. Nevertheless, he kept a sharp eye
on the beast, which seemed to watch
him, too.
Able had almost forgotten his enemy
while busy about the barnyard yester
day, but the bull's memory was not so
bad, for as the farmhand passed him
with hia back turned the bull was upon
him in a twinkling. With a low bel
low and eyes ablaze the brute caught
Able and threw him high in the air. As
the young man came down the bull was
at him again, and with fierce energy
threw him violently against the wheel
of a wagon. Abie's stomach Btruck.
against the hub and he became uncon-
SCIOUB.
At that instant Miss Reifenrath hap
pened along the road, saw the farm
hand's peril and acted instantly. She
hurried to the barn, got a pitchfork and
sprang to the rescue. The bull had
backed off for another charge upon the
helpless young man, but aa he moved
forward with lowered head he suddenly
encountered the sharp tines of the
pitchfork in the hands of the plucky
young woman. It was a case of beauty
and the beast, and for a brief space it
was a question whether the beast would
not win the battle and score two lives
to his credit.
Miss Reifenrath followed up the bull's
hesitation by vigorous prods with the
fork, and slowly drove him back into
the barn, where he was secured. Then
the young heroine summoned help, and
the unconscious farmhand was carried
into the house. Doctors were called,
and they found that, besides a broken
collarbone, Able was badly cut and
bruised from head to foot. They think
he will recover, however.
Miss Reifenrath did not seem to re
gard her heroic act as anything out of
the ordinary, and went on her way un
concerned.— Philadelphia Record.
Benevolence in Animals.
We have seen a small pig stuck In a
paling through which It had tried to
squeeze, assisted by an elder one Inside.
Attracted by Its cries it took the small
pigs head in its mouth and tried to pull
It through, In doing which it almost pulled
the sufferer's head oft. In another case a
cat deliberately fetched its owner to as
sist another cat which was lying helpless
in a fit. Moreover, domesticated animals
are to some extent "progressive." and
have realized the notion or common good
among other creatures than their own
stock.
There is a good deal of service and be
nevolence among very different domesti
cated animals, especially in the form of
protection, sharing of food and forbear
ance. Specialized instances In which
dogs or cats have taken food to others
could doubtless be authenticated, though
the writer has not witnessed a case. But
there is the strongest of all evidence that
they have a tendency to perform these
and other services to other animals, be
cause the domesticated creatures volun
tarily offer these services of benevolence
to man. Hew can any one doubt that an
imals (in domestication) are willing to
feed each other when there are cats all
over England and Scotland which delight
in bringing food as presents to their own
ers? We need not go back to the historic
cat which caught a pigeon every day and
brought it to its master when a prisoner
in the Tower.— The Spectator.
Bandits in Porto Rico. c
Prompt action by the American com
manders is reported to have had a dis
couraging effect on the bandit industry
in Porto Rico. The American soldier's
sent out to hunt down the law-breakers
have violated every tradition of the is
land. They persist in keeping after the
offenders until they are captured: This
may be a little more trouble at the time
than the Spanish method of perfunctory
pursuit, but it should save many trips in
the future.— Omaha Bee.
Colleges and Business.
According to statistics prepared by
I Professor Schwab of Yale, the learned
professions absorb 62 per cent of the col
lege graduates nowadays, whereas they
formerly absorbed 92 per cent. On the
other hand, business pursuits now take
31 per cent, against 6 per cent in the old
days. All nf which is just as well for
the overcrowded learned professions and
better for business, where there is room
enough for everybody who Is willing to
work.— Boston Herald j
ADVERTISEMENTS^
AND TUMOR HOSPITAL """SftTTSSacmM
THE MOST WONDERFUL DISCOVERY OF THIS AGE.
Thousands cured already in California. No cutting oat. The cancer is killed
and drops out in, abont seven days without any pain. The place heals quickly.
Reader Remember — Any lump in a woman's breast is cancer, and if allowed to
get large never fails to poison the glands in the arm-pit. When the caDcer in the
arm-pit gets large, a cure is impossible.
The face and lower lip are also very common places for cancer, especially with
men. They poison quickly from the lip to deep glands of the throat.
30 PACE BOOK sent free with addresses and testimonials of hundreds
cured. Get the book and write to them. Trust your life with none but a
graduated cancer specialist with proof of his success.
0. R. GHAmLEY, M. D. San Francisco. Cal.
*®"PLEASE SEND THIS TO SOME ONE WITH GANCEE"®*
OCEAN TRAVEL. :
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
1^ . Steamers leave Broadway
y^i,,. wharf, San Francisco:
Kfcfflhk. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
WBr~llB L Dec. 2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Jan. 1.
BLgKAIkV change at Seattle. > v-
Mk3R »1 For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
fiXaL^afa! c.). Port Townsend, Se»ttl9.
/^^^KwSBB . Tacoma. Everett, Anacorte*
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
[■■'-.: ."7* 10 a. m.. Dec. 2, 7, 12.17. M.
♦• Jan 1. and erery fifth day thereafter.
cbanK* at Seattle to this company's steaxnert
fMaska and O. V. Ry. at Tacoma to N. P.
"fc'yftffaSS^SoSt^- » P. • m. T^.
S 10, 16. 20. 25. »0. Jan. 4. and eTery fifth day
1 F^r af Sa r nta Cru«. Monterey, T San Simeon,
cfylco! Port Hartord (San Luis Obi 9
Gavlota Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme
Ban Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9a. m.. Dec. 8. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. » '. 31,
Jan P 4. and every fourth day thereafter. •
' For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m Dec 15. ». 13. 17. 21. 25. 29. Jan. i. and
every fourth day thereafter. 
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jo«« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ros«..la
and Guaymas (Max.), 10 a, m.. Dec. 17. Jan.
For further information obtain folder. ••
The company reserves the right to change
! without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
ar ,» K'TTra of M IHn?
fIOEXT . OinOK-4 New Montgomery
street <Falace Hotel). ' r I
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Arts..
' : 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N, CO.
DISPATCH FAST' STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m. .
CADC $12 First Class Including Berths
I Milt $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA «alls J.. ........ ..Dec. 14, 14
1 STATE OF CAL. 5ai15...... Dec. 9, 19,'2J
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena I and : - all points in the B North-west.
Through tickets to all points East. ■ ■;
E. C. WARD, General .Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. •
■ • Superintendents.
1 — " !
-,' | ir^ :: .
COOK'S TOURS!
■ —to— ■■ ■ :'•■ -~ ■; •/■>. •
HA WAII
January 25, February 8, 22, March 5 and 22.
FARES $150 and $235.
All expenses Included: first-class throughout.
Programmes ' free of THOS. COOK ' & SON..
621 MARKET ST., San Francisco.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantique.
. •• : ~ (French Line) :■ • '
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS
(FRANCL). '.' Sailing every Saturday <o2Erp(
at 10 a. m. from • Pier -42, North J"*sk«U»
River, foot of Morton street. i ■;•'.' ■ r -
! LA NORMANDIE . :...............:::. Dec 31
LA GA5C0GNE........ ................. ....Jan. 7
LA CHAMPAGNE. ..................... ....Jan. 14
LA BRRTAGNK Jan. 21
LA NORMANDIE:. ..::....,........:. Jan. 28
First-class to Havre,*. $90 and upward, 5 per
cent : reduction on round trip. . Second-class to
Havre. $45, 10 per ecnt reduction round -trip.-'
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FI'GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents," 0
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco. ■ . .•
fHHfl|(||fa The S. S. ALAMEDA
f3 Is MIrSIL tails vla Honolulu and
ITB Auckland toT Sydney
0 j^—^s. Wednesday. -■ December
§fWfnSnin-- " 9* S. "AUSTRALIA
GflCaillJIIIV '«*»»-•■ for Honolulu
K)HlB3fZih Wednesda January
*.w«l^yil«J n 1599 at 2 p m ,
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, bod CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents. •
-' ■ 114 Montgomery st:
Freight Office— 3f? Market st.'. San *>an"i«rr
BAY AND BIVEB; STEAMERS. •
. Steamer "Montlcello."
Hon., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and 5at..............
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.).:
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
i Sundays 10:30 a. m. and & p. m.
■ Landing and offices— Mission Dock. ■ Pier 2. ■
■Telephone Main- ir»08 ■ ... ?■■
~~BAxLBOA!> TRAVEL.
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Cormocciha Owl Train Leaves SaM;
Francisco via Los Angeles ;a: ii
P. M. every' SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY. ; -
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M.tho
following: Thursday. Saturda /
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1:3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday. /
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-
,• servation ;-. Car. and "Electric
v Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
Ml : FRAKCISCQ lICREfWICE— 18 MARKET SI
' "TELEPHONE MAIN 1511. ;\
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway. -s
■■ Saoramtnto Office— 2)l J Street.
..San Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Clara St
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
- : Via Ssusalito Ferry. ; '
FROM SAN Fi'.A.*. ia.,o : lU i! ILL VALLEY |
. . AND SAN RAFAEL.
■ v - WEEK DAYS— •7:2O,*S:SO, 11:00 a. m. ; : *1:46.
3:45, 5:15, •6:00. 6:30 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS— For, San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. . . '■■-.
SUNDAYS— *10:00, *ll:30 a. m.; ; •illS.
3:00, *4:SO, «:15 p. m. . •'.■:■.-■ • :: _ ...:
Trains marked • run to San Quentln. v- >?■
FROM B AN. RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO, j
: WEEK DAYS— S:2S, «6:35, 7:45, ,- *9:SO a. m. ;
•12:20, %20,. •3:45/5:05 p. m.
:• EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. ■- -±-,~ •-'-' ; J.
-SUNDAYS— «:2O, »8:00, r »10:00, -*11:65' a. m.
♦1:15. •3:10,4:40," »6:20 p. m. .
Trains marked ♦ start from San Quentin. 1 .,
FROM MILL VALLEY. TO SAN FRANCISCO. j
. WEEK r DAYS— S:«, 6:45, ■■- 7:55, 9:40 a. m. ;
' 12:33. 2:45, ■ 3:50, 5:20 p. m. ". ' V . - , /
. EXTRA .- TRIPS • on , Mondays. Wednesdays !
i and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. . ■ -' ■'•","'
I SUNDAYS— B:OO, : 10:05 a. : m. : . 12:05, : 1:20, 3:20, ,
5:00, 6:20 p. m. - ; >-•■.. i.;- v
-^.^,:^.t THROUGH TRAINS. i "'
7:20 a.m. week ■ day»7-Ca«adero and .way > sta'ns:
'3:45 p.m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills ■• and way
--r.-- .-stations." •■;■..• - : '•.•:-4" : .T/r.;'- iV ; ■••■ -.;■■.::.;" \
8:30 a.m. Sundays— Mills and way, sta's.' j
"hdlSt JAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
-■;.,.. '*'-,.-. -(Via; Sausailto Ferry.) "'-«>.. .
■ Leave San " ; Francisco, commencing .* Sunday '
Sept. 11. 1898: . - - 'r. . . .- :.-..'- •
Week Days— a. m., 1:45 p. m. • . ',
\ Sundays— B:oo.^ 10:00. 11:30 «a. '■■ m., 1:15 p. •: m. "
Round; trip from Mill -> Valley, $1. .
1 { THOS. * COOK :& i SON, Agents, ■■. 621 ; Marked
I street, San Francisco, -v .f. -,■■>: '-,/'■.; ' ■■■ ■/■' *'l
RAILHEAD TBAVEL.
NfM'TIIKItW I*A<-irit: cost any.
! . (PACIFIC HVIiTICM.) .
Trnltta lf»»<> nti.l me aiiv to arrive *<,
' ' : • HAN FKAN4IMO. ■
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
lkate — Fkou Dec 18, 1898. ' — arrive
•6:00 a Niles, San Jose and Way Stations. . . *BHiiiX
7iOOa Ki'iilcl», Suisuu »nd bacrameuto 3:43r
7:OOa. Marrsrillo, OrorlUo and IteddiDg via '
- - Woodland '.» 5»43p
7:OOa Elmira, Vao«Tllle and Rurasey . M:43p
7 :3» a Martinez, Sau Uamon, Vallejo. Kapa,
OsU»toia and SnnU Kosa O:lSr
BiOOa Atlantic Kxpress, Ogtlen and ICiut.. StlSr
•>IIWa Man .lose, LiTermore, .Stuck ton, -
lone, Sacrameutu, Plaoeirlile,
MurysTlllr, Chieo, U»<l IJliiir -lilsr
8:30 a •Miltou, Oakdale and Jamestown... 4il3p
»:OOa. Martlnec, Trucy, Lathrop, btockton,
Merced Fre5n0......... 12:13p
OiOOa Fresno, Uskcrslield. KmiU »»rliarit.
- -, Los Angeles, Deming, El Paso,
- New Orleans and But 0:45 p.
1«<OOa. Vallejo. Uartinez and War Stations 7:43p
I 2:00 m Niles, Litorinore, Stockton, Hscra-
■ .- ■ : men to, Meudota, Huifnid, Vioalia,
PortcrvUie. ............. nr 4«l»p-
•I :OOp Sncnunento Hirer Bteauiera *8:OOp
4 :oUi> Martinez, Ban lUIIIOII, Vallejo,
- ■ - Napa, CalistDtA, Banta Rosa »:10% I
. 4:OOr BenicJa, TacaTille, Hacrumtinto, . .
- Wouilland, Kiilnhta Landing, -
MarjsTille, 0r0T111e......... IO:4."»a
4:8 Op Niles, San Jose and Stockton 7:13?
9:OOrSan Francisco and Los Angeles
' - Limited. Fresno, BAkerafield, Los
Aatc1e5. ........ *...■ »:4»\.
3:30p Stoektoa, Mercod, Freono 18:13rj
, 0:30 p Mar>liira, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
" • . ■ Aliijare, Santa llarbara and l.os ' f
- Aim»tes ...;....;...;...;...■ »«*»a '
•»:3Op Paclflo Coast Limited. El Paso, -
• . Fort : Worth, : Little . Rook, St.
Louis, Chicago and Bast ......... §6i43p
9t3Op B»uU Vo Uoille. Atlantic iCivreas
' for Moja»e ami ! last :. «s4» P
G:O«r Ktircpeaii Mall, Ogtleti and Kust.... • 9»45\
fl:OOp Hayrards, Niles ami San Jose 7:-lO a.
••: i- Vallejo  ;.... 12:13p
J7:oop Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
- . tions V .... Jot4s» •
8:OOi- Oregon Kitirtivi.ttacTsiheiito, Marys- " . :
tillr. . Itr.l.lii.i.'. rnrtlaml, I'ugct
> Mound ami Knot ...:.. ; 8:13 a
a 1O:O1p Sunset Limited. Fresno, l.os' .-'."'
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans ,
. an<l Eaat ■■■■.......♦............. hlziSr (
liS LK4RMO AM) IHYlV*ltl>S LOCAL. •
-:" (Foot of Market Street.) ,
1 Meiroop, Sfiuiimrr I'ark, ( ■
- 8:00 a ' Kllrlil'nirif, mini rut, 6:13* :
>0:OOa - San l.tnnilrn, Koatli San (*»:4»a.
lO.UMa . I.panilro. '.'.ttmlillo, • 10:43 a.
illsOO* • liorenxo, Cherry • Vl:Vlr
Si<iOp . aßl | \ ■'■■-■ U:4sp.
*«•••■ HayTrardn.i '25122 S 12' ■
• 7sOOp i Buns throujh to Nile*. '^ 3p
. ) 1 From Wiles. . •; I
" COAST DIVISION (Narrow «n«|fe).
(Foot of Market Street.) .___
B:l3xNewark.Oer.tenille,SanJo»e,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way . ■
5tati0n5........... ...;..:....:... 3:3«»
•«:I3p Newark, CectOTirllle, San Jose, New • '
, Almadeu, Felt.m, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
5tati0n*..:.:...... !>.'..".. ••••• Mttt.V»\
*4:13p Newark. Han .To?« and Los O>aton... 0:20 a.
tll:13p Hunters' Excursion, Baa Jobs and
"--•■■■'- '.VnyStntinns. .■■•.. .... ? :■ :7:ao>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrom Sit FRIKCISCO — Ttei of Market Street (Slip —
■ •7;15 '.-.'■•■ 3:(K) 11 :011a.m. llrflO *2:03 ' {3:08 .
' M:00 ,' tS:OO *6:00r.u. " ,; •• . ■ ; • ;
Trial OJlUSD— r«»l»rßr»»iiw»T.— ; oo 8:00 10:00*. M.
tl2:00 ; . '1:00 t2:00 ', 43:C04 3:C0 *i:3O -S:0Or;n.
: . COAST tHYISIO* (llroadtlsage). . • ;.
. (Third and Towngend 3t«.) : .
7:UOa San .low .iml Way BUtii>ii* (New "
Alnia<lci \Veiliift«Jajs 0n1y)....... l:3Or
B:«O* Man .liw.., Trc» Chios, KnnU Or.l/.,
,^*- Paelne-tiriwa,' r*s» Il,,blcs, -Han ■- .
' I, hi* OMstnt, Uiiailalnpe. surf and
- )'rinci|iHi . Way SUtinns .......... ; 4ilOp
IO:1Oa San Jose ami Way Htul.ii.ua »M:«Oa.
IItMA San Jose and Way Statlmm. 8t3»4
•X:43rSan Mnteo, Redwood, Menlo ParS, , '
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han -lon*,
(Jllr.jy. Hollister, Santa • Crux,
Salinas, 'Monterey mid PaclOc"
- -C.rn.e.. .............:....- «I0j8«4
•»::i«r Han. lose ami Way SUtinns ......... *»-»« A
•4xMr San .Tone ami Principal \ v »y Stations 9:43*.
■3:OOp Ran Jos* and Principal Way Stations 6:83 A
3:3O[> Han .Tone ami Principal Way Stations 3:3 Hp
«::!»!• San Jose ami Way Stations 7:3«p
tll:4at- San Jose an.! Way Sutimw. ">iBOp
A for Morning. • I' for Afternoon. :-••■:
• Rttndays escepfeil. J Sundays only. > < .Satnntays only
•f Mondays an-i Thursday*. ' aTri'iidayß and Satnrdays. '
|Hatur<Uy»andW<:.Vie>r|«ys. &Thurnd^ys and Bund»y».
The rAriI'K'TKANHtrKHtOnI'ANr
■In call for and chock l>iggage from hotels and n*l«
nenre*. Knqnire of Ticket Agents for Time Cards and
nt»» f <-'; -»«»'n.. ■ :; - :- '''*£?&{^*fflsfsft^m
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN it CO.
LESSEE 1 ■
SAN. FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tifcuron Ferry, Foot of Market Si.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 5:0"', 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
. 3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. •. m. : Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1.50
and 11:30 .p. m. - .. ■ ' -
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. 1:30, 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m. . ■ ■, ■ ■■ . . . ,
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— O:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. 12:45,
3:40* 5!lO p. ■■. m. ,/ Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:56 and 6:3." p. m. I" 'I'iillfLjlJlilllliliiULililii.lE
SUNDAYS— B:IO, .9:40, 11:10 a. m. 1:40. 3:40.
5:00, 6.25 p.' m.
■.' Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. SB'3B£fesaM!!t I UMBBIj
•-.: Leave ■..-.'; *;. ;■: Arrive '
San Francisco. •■ In Effect • San Francisco.
October 16, , . — ;
Week I ; Sun- . IS3B. - Sun- I Week '
Days, {days. .-■ Destination. days. j Day*
1 _ „ 1 j 1 mt^ m
■7:3oam :00am . Novato, v 10:40 am| 8:40 a m :/
8:30 pm| 9:30 am • Fetaluma,;- 6:10 pm 10:25 am '
6:lopm s:oopm Santa Rosa, 7:35 pmj 6:22pm
■ " .■. ■ : ; - ' : Fulton, „
7:3oam ." Windsor, . 10:25 am
Healdsburg, .
■i ' Lytton.
' '. Geyßerville, .
3:3o pm S:ooam CloverJale. 7:35pm S:22pmi'
• ;. Hopland and ■' .. ...
:7:3oam S:ooam -.' Ukiah. : Vs. ,7:35pm 6:22pm
7:30 am ■■; ' '. . '■*■'-. ■'. . . 10:25 am
r-;,., 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm •: ■■-.--? ■■■"'
3:30 pm •:■.,; .■_ ■ - - -^ 6:22 pm
7:3o am] :00am Sonoma ■ 10:40 am B:4oam
. .".- .■ .' . ■■.;; :■■:■ .and ...
s:lopm s:oo pm| Glen Ellen. 6:lopm| 6:>2pra'.
'7:3oam 8:00 am : Sebastopol.' 10:40 am 10:25 am ■
3:30 pm l 5:00 ... . . | 7:35 pmj 6:22 pm :
—•*— .^^ ———»_« ——————____
■ Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Spring*; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
Eerville for Skaggs Springs; at • Cloverdale . for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs
Highland Springs,. i Kelseyville, ' Carlsbad
Springs, Soda ■. Bay, ■ Lakeport and Bartiett :
Springs; at i Uklah . lor ' Vichy. Springs, ' Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake;, Witter
Springs,. Upper Lake, 1 ; Porno, Potter Valley, '
John-? Day" Riverside. : Llerley's, " Bucknell'g
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Booneville, Orr'«
Hot •: Springs, Mendocino City, ■" Fort ■ Bragg. '
Westport. Usal, ■ Willitts, . I-aytonville, - Cum- -
mlng's, • Bell's • Springs, - Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka. '•■ . . ,
: Saturday - to ; Monday round trip tickets :at
reduced rates; i .. >■-■ . » , . . . '
On Sundays round . trip • tickets to all points'
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ": .
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st. Chronicle bldr.
H. C. WHITING. - :-; R. X. RYAN,
* General . Manager. '..-- : . :.:. ■ Gen." Pass. r Agent. ;:
THE SAN FRANCISCO AKD^ SArTjOAQUIi !
; ' VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. "
. From Nov. 10, IS9B, trains will run as follows: ; v
*[ South-bound. .' ."'-*'-: 'North-bound.?'
Passen- Mixed. '-1% • . j Mixed. Passen-
ger, i Sunday . " . -. Sunday ger. '
'; Dally. Exc'ptd Stations. •' Exc'ptd Daily. .
8:20am!l0:30am Stockton .3:45pm; s:sopm
10:10 am 2:ospm :. - Merced ' 12:40 pnr 4:03 pm
11:40 am 5:30 Fresno- - 9:30 ami 2:S2pm'
12:3Spm 7:45pm • Hanford :;; 7:45 am 1:33 pm
3:20 pm 12:30 am ■ Bakersfleld > 2:3oam 11:25 am".
12:58pm 8:60 pm - v Vlsalia • I 6:40 am 1:15 pm §
' ■ Stopping at Intermediate points as required. ; ,
For particulars of stage and other. connections '*
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office," 321 Market
street.l San Francisco^ .' • ■ -'-,
1314
SAN FRA>CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San TYandsc.'
Call, corner cl Market and Third street*, open
ur.tll 12 o'clock every night In the '-ear.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street
eerner Clay; open until 9:10 o'clock.
IST Hayes street; open until '.^JO o'clock.
t.l McAllister street; »>pen until 9:SO o'clock
€16 l-arlc!n street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1041 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner sixteenth; op»n
nnlil 0 o'clock. ' •
JO« Eleventh street: open until 9 o clock.
!C26 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
HW. corner of Twenty-second ana Kentucky
Street*: < pen until 9 o'clock.
CHI'RCH NOTICES.
6IMPSO-J Memorial Methodist Episcopal
cb corner Hayes and Buchanan ytreels—
Hey. John Stephens, pastor, residence, 309
Ilaught Ft. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30
p m The pastor will preach at both ser-
vice*' Topic at 11 a. m., "The Star of
ehem." Special Christmas music by
at 7:30 p. m. Grand Christmas
■rt by the Sunday school, assisted by
. hoir' and Protessor i-iarrell. cornetlst.
Souvenir Christmas programme. Our Sunday
school festival Tuesday evening, 27th inst.
Sunday school at 12:30 p. m., C. B. Perkins
■ir.tendent. Epworth Lensrun meeting at
p. m. Prayer meeting, Wednesday even-
f:4s ''clock. The publcl cordially invited
to all the services of this church. Seats free.
T'hsers in attendance.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church. Mis-
sion Rt between Sixth and Seventh— Dr.
Charles Edward Locke, pastor, will preach.
Class meeting-, 9:80 a. m. and 12:30 p. m.;
morning sermon at 11: subjert. "Does the Teu-
tlmony of the Centuries Verify the Promise
of the Anpcls to Bethlehem's Shepherds':
. nt 7:45: subject, "Our Christ-
mas Jesus Enshrined in Music. Sunday
school 1 p. m. Mr. Rolla V. Watt superin-
tendent. Christian Endeavor Society, 6 p.
in Seats all free. Everybody welcome, bpe-
clal Christmas music Mr. J. J. Morris,
choirmaster. Sunday s< bool Christmas en-
tertainment Monday evening at the church.
Mid-week prayer service, Wednesday. T:4.",
p m. Annual watch meeting next .Saturday
eveninp fi >.ck to midnight. Cor-
dlaj ■ all to attend the services of
< p.-.tial t'hurch.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post at.,
near Webster— Serviced to-day at 11 a. m.
bj ,i 7SO p in. Sunday school at 9:M a. m.
Rev, F. B. Cherington, D.D., pastor, will
preach morning and evening. Morning sub-
ject "The Fullness of Time." Evening
subject, "Jesus, the Son ol Man.'' Special
Christmas music by enlarged choir both
morning arid evening.
Baptist Church, Eddy st., near Jones—
]■ \ woods, D.D., pastor, residence 1106
Bush s-t Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30
p. m. Morning, Christmas sorvice with spe-
cial i: isle Evening subject, "Christ's Birth
and Birthplace," with stereoptlcon views,
follow^] by baptismal service.
c\i..Y.\KY Presbyterian Church, corner Geary
and Powell *ts.— Kev. John Hemphill, D.D.,
pastor Service at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
Sabbath school at 12:30 p. m. All are made
welcome.
THE First Divine Science Church, M. E.
<>amer. pastor— Discourse at 11 a. m. Sub-
ject. "JeSUS, the Firnt Born of Every Crea-
turi- - every Sunday in Yosemite
Hall. Native Sons' building. Mason St., be-
tween Post and Geary. Take elevator.
WEST Side Christian Church. Bush st. bet.
• and Devisadero— Rev. W. A. Gardner.
pastor. Sunday school 10:30 a. m. Y. P. S.
C. E.. 6:30 p. m. At 11 a. m. the pastor will
preach his farewell sermon, having accepted
a call to Honolulu. His theme will be "A
Talk About Days." At 7:30 p. m. Rev. S.
M. Martin, world evangelist, will preach.
There will be appropriate Christmas music
at each service. Seats free and a hearty wel-
come to all.
FIKST Free Baptist Church, Bush St.. near
I-arkin— Rev. F. M. Washburn will preach 11
a. m. tu-day. Sunday school, 12:30. Y. P.
S c E. at 6:30. Preaching at 7:30 In the
evening.
AT The Stranger's Sabbath Home, Howard -
rt. Methodist Episcopal Church, between
Second and Third— John A. B. Wilson, D.D.,
[■antor; residence by the church; telephone
Bliu-k 861. 11 a m. "Condescension of Chrl>t ."
Complete musical programme all day. Choir
of 150 voices. William Pruette, the mar-
velous barytone, sings two numbers at
morning service. Carols by Sunday school.
Anthem and solos by choir. 7:30, "Jesus, the
Fulfillment of Prophecy." Carols by Sunday
School. Anthem and solos. Duet by the
Mlsees Perkins Miss Susie Blair, the cele-
brated violinist, at the offertory. Seats free.
All always welcome.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ, 320
Post st. — Preaching 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
by F. M. Shuhy. This church was organized
by command of God to usher in the last
dispensation. Strangers are especially In-
vited to come and judge for themselves. C.
A. I'arkln In charge.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
sts.— Union mass meeting of the city churches
this (Sunday) afternoon at 3 o'clock. Ad-
dress by Rev. George C. Needham. the Irish
evangelist, on "A Wonderful Gift. " S-r-
vice for both men and women and all are
invited.
UNIVERSAL BROTHERHOOD.
(Theosophical Society in America.)
(International Brotherhood League.)
m Market st.; lecture to-night, ' 'Christmas,"
a symposium: Tuesday night. "H. IJ.1 J . Biavat-
eky and Brotherhood"; Saturday night,
•Nobility of Labor."
THEOSOPHICAL SOCIETY— To-night "at 8
o'clock in Memorial Hail. Odd Fellows' build-
ing. Special Christmas exercises by the San
Francisco Lotus Circle. Admission free.- No
collection. ■_■ \^
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
ET. PAUL'S Episcopal Church. California St..
between Steiner and Fiilmore— Rev. William
Maxwell Rellly. rector. Special Christmas
services morning and evening. Holy com-
munion at 7:30 a. m. Sunday-FChool at 9:30.
Morning prayer, sermon and choral celebra-
tion at 11 o'clock. Choral evensong at 7:30
o'clock, when Christmas carols will be sung
by vested choir of men, women and boys,
with orchestral accompaniment.
i. BENEFIT to Dr. Rines' spiritual society. 11-
2-8 p. m.. 809 Market; Mrs. Bird, Barclay,
Seeley. Gtlllngham, Dr. Carpenter: reading,
; test Tuesday. 1238 Howard St., 8 p. m.;
Wednesday, 335 McAllister St., 8 p. m.
SOCIETY of Progressive Spiritualists. Occi-
dental Hall, corner Larkln and McAllister—
Sunday. Dec. 25, at 7:30 p. m.. speaker, Mrs.
R. B. Llllle; subject, "Christ and Spiritual-
ism." Admission, 10 cents.
LADIES' Spiritual Aid Society— Regular
monthly supper and dance. Occidental Hall,
306 Larkln, Friday evening. Dec. 30; supper
6 to 9; dancing 9 to 11:30; tickets. 25c.
SUNDAY night platform— Dr. York speaks at
Scottish Lower Hall this evening on "Pedi-
gree of Devil and Priest"; voluntary collec-
tion.
JOHN SLATER, spiritual medium, test seance
to-night at 8 sharp; hall 909 Market at.; ad-
mission 10 cents; come early.
MRS. L. S. DREW, spiritual medium & healer;
no meeting to-night. Office, 1027*4 Market Bt.
MRS. ' SEAL, spiritual and business medium;
readings and treatments dally. 280 Valencia.
IIME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; 10c: 605 McAllister; come, skeptics.
AT "KATIE HEUSSMAN'S Christmas meeting
to-night, tests to all, 10c. 641 Jessie st.
MRS. EGGERT AITKEN, test medium, 120
McAllister. flat 1; sittings dally.
EARL, Independent slate-writer. 330 Ellis;
hours 1C to 4.
MEETING NOTICES. i
UNITY Lodge No. 131 I. O. O. F., i^WTTIi
Sixteenth and Valencia— lnitia- J^YS^fiiWit
tion TUESDAY EVENING, De- ?g&JKpW
TV. J. SHUFELT. N. G.
WILL J. FRENCH, Rec. Sec.
MEMBERS of the Caledonian Club » C» >.
are respectfully requested to attend jL ckuu
the funeral of MRS. C. E. MAR- -^Sl&
' YIN, daughter of our late esteemed t-J*
clansman, Colin Mclntosh. TO-DAY, at 1:30
p. m., from the residence of her mother, 5111%
Treat aye. JOHN REID. Chief.'
/ J, M. DUNCAN, Sec. . •
EUREKA Benevolent Association— The annual
meeting of the members of . this association
will be held THIS DAY (Sunday), De-
cember 2.1, IS9S, at 10 a. m.. at office of the
' association, 105 Stockton st., room 21. By
order. MEYER H. LEVY, Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the Sumdum Chief Mining • Company
will be held at the office of the ..company,
room 3. Hobart building. 532 Market st . San
• Francisco. Cal., on FRIDAY, the 6th day of
January, 1899, at the hour of 2 o'clock p. in.,
for the purpose of electing a board of ,11-
' rectors to nerve during the ensuing year and
/the transaction of such other business as may
Come tefor; the meeting.
1, G. STEVENSON. Secretary.
Stockholders* Meeting— The annual meet-
I Ing or «he stockholders of the California Dry-
' dock Company will be held at the office of
the company. No. 302 California street, San
Francisco, California, on MONDAY. January
V, 1599, at 11 o'clock a. in., for the purpose of
.electing a Board of Director:* to serve for the ,
ensuing year, and .for. the transaction of such
other business as may properly .come befor*
the meeting. W. F. RUSSELL, Secretary.
Office No. 302 California , street, room 3
San Francisco, Cal.. Dec. 24, .1898.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders rof
THE NEVADA NATIONAL 3ANK OF SAN
FRANCISCO. Cal.. will be held at its baj-.<-
"lng house. No. 301 Montgomery St., San Fran-
' Cisco. Cal.. on TUESDAY. January 10. 183 J.
. at 3:16 o'clock p. m.. for the election of. dl-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and th«
' transaction of , such other business as ' may
' come before the meeting.
•■■ ■ D. R. DAVIDSON. Secretary-
Ran Francisco. December 9. 1838. .
A LOAN can be had on your plane without re-
moval, or we will buy It. UNCLE HARRIS.
\ IS Grant aye., near Market st.
■ MEETINU NOTlCES— Continued.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by the hydraulic
process from Roceo Mollnari in the Humbug
Gulch Mine, near ■ Volcano, Amador Co., to
deposit tailings In Humbug Gulch; from J. B.
Meek. In the Grizzly Hill Mine, near Vol-
cano. Amador Co., to deposit tailings in Mis-
ery Creek; from Lewis Emery Jr., in the
Emery Placer Mine, near Mountain Ranch,
Calaveras Co., to deposit tailings in Murray
Creek, and from Archie Newell, In the Newell
Claim, near Oleta. Am_dor Co., to deposit
tailings in Deadrnan Creek, gives notice that >
a meeting will be held at room 59, Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal., on January 9,
!*?">. at 1:30 I), m.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Continental Build-
ing and Loan Association. No. 222 Sanaome
street: For the year ending December 31.
IS9S, a dividend has been declared at the rate
of 6 per cent per annum on ordinary deposits.
7 per cent on term deposits, 10 per cent per
annum to class "F" stock and 12 per cent
per annum to class "A" stock, all free of
taxes. ' WILLIAM CORBIN, Secretary.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society. 18
Geary st. — directors have declared the fol-
lowing semi-annual dividends: 4 per cent
per annum on term and 3 1-3 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after January 3. 1899.
ERNEST BRAND. Sec.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Th" German Savings
and Loan Society, E26 California St.— For the
half year ending December 31, IS9B, a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate of four (4)
per cent per annum on term deposits and
three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent per annum
on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and after Tuesday. January 3, 1899. .
GEORGE TOURNY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 8S (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office, . 327
- Market "st. on and after Tuesday, January
3, 1898.
Transfer books will close on Wednesday.
December 28. 1898. at 3 o'clock p. m.
> E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO Savings Union. 632 Califor-
nia st., corner Webb. Dividend notice — For
the half year ending with the Slst of De-
cember, 1898. a dividend has been declared
at the rate per annum of four (4) per cent
on term deposits and three and one-third
(3 1-3) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and after Tuesday, Janu-
ary 3. 1&99. LOVELL WHITE, Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— Mutual Savings Bank of
San Francisco, 33 Pont street. For the half
year ending December 31, IS9S, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and six-
tenths (3.6) per cent per annum on all de-
posits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Tuesday. January 3. 1599.
■' ■■ '-■■ GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE ' Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and
Home Society hereby gives notice that it
has admitted into the orphanage from July
1. IS9B, to December 31. ISM. the following |
named orphans and half orphans, boys and
girls, viz: Sarah Rothensteln. aged 7 years;
Hyman Rothensteln, aged 5 years; Henry I
Barron, aged 8 years; Edwin Abrams. aged i
6 years 2 months; Harry Benjamin, aged 6
years 9 months: Sadie Kohn. aged 10 years: !
Irene Weil, aged 5 years; Helen Weil, aged i
4 years; Abraham Damlger. aged 11 years,
and Leo Rosenthal, aged 3 years 9 months.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made; \
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION I
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: trl SSSO.
""situations wanted— female.
SUPERIOR first-class cook, best of references, I
desires a situation. J. F. CROBETT & CO..
316 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS French dressmaker wishes en-
gagements In families; tailor-made and j
evening dresses specialty; satisfaction guar-
anteed. 634 Post st.
WOMAN wishes housecleaning or washing by
the day. 1113',_ Howard St.. room 21.
LADY desires a place as housekeeper; small
wages and good home. Box 589. Call office. J
WANTED— Light work of any kind for half
day in exchange for board. MRS. M., 128 Turk. j
BY experienced Eastern lady as teacher, resi-
dent or visiting governess, companion, ■ nurse
or housekeeper; city or country; best refer-
ences. Address box 47. Call office. Oakland.
WOMAN wants work by the day; $1. L. 8..
704 Mission st. . '
MANAGING housekeeper In a family of re- |
finement by a widow from the East: refer- |
ence. Address till Jan. 3, Housekeeper, 1375
Eleventh aye.. East Oakland. j
REFINED lady with girl of 12 desires posi- I
tion as working housekeeper for respectable I
party; city references. Address box 606, Call. I
COMPETENT woman wishes position as
housekeeper; no objection to country town.
Address box 604. Call. -
WOMAN wants situation as housekeeper or j
chamberwork in country hotel. Call or ad-
dress room 2. 1747 Mission st.
SITUATION as housekeeper; no objections to
leaving, the city. MRS. S.. 220 Golden Gate ay.
ALL the consideration and respect shown to I
ladies who are temporarily emba:-assed at j
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.. nr. Market. I
YOUNG woman wishes a place to do house-
work and take care of children. 1263 Broad-
way St.. near Hyde. *
SITUATIONS^ WANTED— MALE. -
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary: tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office; ;
best help. 414H O'Farrell tit.: tel. East 430.
WANTED— Position by good all-around car-
penter and general worker around buildings
or farm; private place or estate preferred;
will go any place for steady position; single;
age 3S; American. Box 601, Call office.
FRENCH boy. 18 years old. speaks English,
wants to learn a trade or doing any kind •
of work. Address 113 Fourth st.
SITUATION wanted by a young man as sec-
ond cook or waiter In hotel, restaurant or
private family; would go anywhere; best of
references. Address box 593, Call office.
POSITION wanted on private place or small
dairy; can milk, care for horses, etc. Ad-
dress E. W.. box 590, Call office.
SIDE line wanted on commission by commer-
cial traveler. Address box 599, Call.
EXPERIENCED farmer would like manage-
ment of large stock or grain ranch; V. S. cer-
tificate; understands building, etc.; good ref-
erence; Bmall salary. Box 16, Diamond. Ala-
nieda Co. •^ •
RELIABLE man and wife want positions ,to
do chamberwork In hotel or lodging house;
city or country- Address J. P.. box 605. Call.
SITUATION wanted— A good [superintendent of ]
any kind of mechanical work; no bad habit*! |
and good reference. Address box 611. Call. I
YOUNG man wants position as bellboy or In
stationery store. Address box 717, Call.
YOUNG man wants position in private family:
understands care of horses and cows; is not
afraid of work: wages not bo much an object
as. home; city or country. Address -Box 613,
Call office. .
ALL who intend to go to the country can store
their sealskins, silverware, piano or valu-
ables for safe keeping till they return, receiv-
ing a loan as well, from UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant aye., near Market st.
SINGLE Englishman wants situation as milker
■ and 1 buttermaker; understands the care of
fine stock and rearing calves and pigs. Ad-
dress C. HEWITT, 608 Second St., Oakland.
PARTIES wanting foreman for Lassen Co.
mines can correspond with practical miner;
good references, having held the same posi-
tion for years. CHARLES KNUCKEY, 2030
Broadway. Oakland.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $150 nicht; $160 to $1
week; convenient and respectable; fre« 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tlons and want ads taken.
HELP. WANTED— FEMALE.
HOUSEKEEPER and cook, who can make
butter; small ranch; $20: waitress, country i
hotel; fare paid: chambermaid and wait,
country hotel. $20. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.___
WANTED— Monday morning, 4 waitresses,
country: hotel; first-class; to hold station of
8 chairs; $25; call ' early. C. R. HANSEN
& CO. ■•...:• ■■■■■■•
WIDOW with good home wishes widow's com-
pany; reference:; rent cheap; 1 no children.
Address box 596. Call office.
WILLING woman . for general housework, $10
per month; German preferred.* Box 597, Call.
LADIES In country towns; plain ; sewing at
home; good wages; 4 months' work 'guaran-
teed. For particulars send stamped ad-
dressed envelope. HOME WORK CO.; box
692, Call office. N
NURSE for sick lady. r 428 Green st, between
.11 and 12 a. m.
WOMAN with small child. Apply at 679 Har-
. rison st. \ :.:.. '-- ■ v
DRESSMAKERS and ladles' tailors of the Pa-
cific Coast!— The tailor-made dress is all the
go. Now is the time to. reach out for new busi-
ness and stir up the old. I will be at the
H McDowell- Dressmaking and Millinery School,
-103 Post st.. San. Francisco,' on' and after
• Dec : 26,- with a . first-class ladles' tailor,
formerly with one. of the leading ladles'
" tailoring house- In Chicago, to give a course
In fitting - and . finishing of . strictly tailor-
made dresses.. The tailor-made is here to
stay, and all. those who are progressive , and
want to be up-to-date should call Immedi- ,
ately to ' see samples : and ' make ; the ' neces-
1 sary arrangements • for \ the course i beginning
Jan. 2, - 1899. • Respectfully, A. H. LYNN. .
THE SA_\ T FRAIN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1898.
HELP. WAN' ED— Con tinned. - '
GIRL from' 12 to 14 as companion 1 to young lady
and assist with light housework; good home.
Box 618, Call office. ' ■ ;*-%'/.x
GOVERNESS wanted for three children.- In-
quire Occidental Hotel, December 28 and 29.
between 2 and 5 p. m. ■ v
$2 OR $100 to loan on your watch at UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye., near Market st.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER TAILORING
COLLEGE; lessons $1 per, week. 426 Geary.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; • positions |
free; patterns, 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post. ]
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly j
Call. Sent to any address in the United j
States, postpaid, for $1 SO a year.
HELP ANTED— MALIO.
GOOD MORNING! •••••■
................MURRAY & READY
Wish everybody a bright and merry Christ-
■ mas.
MURRAY & READY Telephone Main 5548
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
: ANT MONDAY ••
66 woodchoppers $150 and $1 cord
86 tie makers..... Sc, 9c and 12c each I
3 laborers ...:v.. ...... .....525 and found |
2 milkers. $30 and $25 ....5 farm hands
...MURRAY ._ READY,
634 and 636 Clay »t.
C00K5.... Waiters Butchers
8 cooks,- different places $50, $40 and $30
6 waiters, different places $30, 525 and $20'
Butcher, slaughter house, country j0b..... i
...;.:.... $30 and found
MURRAY &■ READY.
.*..634 and 636 Clay st.
DRIVER, milk wagon, $25 and found. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
OFFICE open Monday. 7 a. m. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st. .
SHIP Tuesday for Skaguay railroad work;
fare $12 50. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
BAKER. $35; cook, small hotel, $30; waiters, I
$30 and $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
I COACHMAN, $30; man about place, $25; black-
I smith's helper. $25 and found; harness maker
for a ranch $30 and found: cowboy, $25 and |
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
i SHIP Monday night for the Mountain Railroad:
laborers, $1 75 a day. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. .
j WANTED— An experienced clothing cutter on
ready-made goods; references. Leave address
box 591. Call office.
DISHWASHER; experience on lunch counter.
Southeast cor. Greenwich and Lyon sts.
GREEN hands, seamen, carpenters, black-
smiths for shipß at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart
St., upstairs. ■ '
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
any civil service examination without seeing
our illustrated catalogue of information; sent
free. COLUMBIAN CORRESPONDENCE
COLLEGE, Washington. D. C.
! SALESMEN— SaIary, commission, expenses;
prices low: goods not satisfactory money re-
funded. W. F. MAIN CO., Mfg Jewelers,
lowa City. lowa. . '.
| $15 TO $30 a week and expenses paid to sell ci-
gars; experience unnecessary; extra induce-
ments. The W. L. KLINE CO.. St. Louis.
Mo. ■
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
• and advertise California Orange Syrup; $2 |
per day and expenses; cash every week: par- j
I tlculars for 2-cent stamp. CALIFORNIA
1 ORANGE SYRUP CO.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— to buy good 2-chair shop;
bargain. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st
FINISHER at 22 Clay st. MYSELL-ROLLINS
CO.. bookbinders.
WANTED— Honest errand boy at ROGER-
SON'S, 535 Valencia st.
WANTED — A young man with some experience j
in plumbing. Address, stating age, experi-
ence and wages expected, box 617. Call office.
TO go . to-day— pairs men's second-hand
shoes, some nearly new, from 50c to $1; new
shoes, slightly damaged, *_ price. 562 Mission
nt.. bet. First and Second sts. Open Sundays.
WANTED— Reliable men and women in every
town to work for. us; neat, steady employ-
ment; good wages; no deception; no delay;
send us your address and we will send you
work Immediately. Address STANDARD
ART MFG. CO., 142 West Twenty-third St.,
New York City, room A.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; 1 able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 Inches
and 6 feet in height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis st.,
: Ban Francisco. Cal. ■ ' ■' , •■'.'-. "■■^vf-:-j-
$100,000,000 TO loan on bonds, stock, real 1 estate,
goods In warehouse and in bond, or on valu-
ables of all kinds at 15 Grant aye., near Mar-
ket St., UNCLE HARRIS. . .
MINE foreman wanted; must have some capi-
tal and experience. Address Mine, box 715,
Call office. . .
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764. Mission
St.. -men to take rooms; 10c, lie and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week. . . .-
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms. 1542
Market at. • . -.-.■'
— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms, 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at • San
Francisco Barber College, 138V_ Eighth St.-
BARBERS' Association Free Employment
Office. S. FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.
TRY Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts. ;
thoroughly renovated; 200 rms.: 15c, 25c night.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c, 25c per night; "c. $1
;to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House. 863'_ Market st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st. •
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis st., near Jackson.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
■ room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 557 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 26c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 third st, near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms. 25c night; reading-room; free
'bo* and hagg.ige to and from the ferry, .i
AGENTS WANTED.
BIG profits; lady agents; city or cp'intry. Call
or address v,3 Mission St.. San Francisco. Cal.
HOUSES .WANTED.
WANTED— SmaII flat. 5-6 rooms and bath;
would like to room or board rwner: best of
references. Address H.M. T.. box 609. Call.
ROOMS WANTED.
Unfurnished room ; about $3 or $4
month: man. Box 714. Call office. .
DENTISTS.
A METAL plate for the : ame price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth. $6; crovns, 13; .fill-
ings, 60c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee. for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting fre»
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market » and
• Mason Eta. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new -flexible
plates; light and thin,; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns. $3 50: all'
1 work painless and warranted. -- Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. telephone Jessie 1132.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2, bridges $4: rub-
' ber or flexible plates $3; received 8 first prize.;
no students; guarantee 12 years. ' '
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; : full set
of teeth. $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to ftand: open evenings
997 ■ Market at., corner Sixth. " .-: ' - ■
FULL. set of teeth, $4: fillings, 25c: 22k. gold
crowns, $3: gold bridge, $5;. plates repaired;
painless extraction guaranteed. : N. Y. DEN-
TISTS, 969 Mission St. - .. : .
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market < at., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work i.nd fillings a
specialty; : all work_ reasonable; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny: set of. teeth.
. $4;. filling, gold. 60c: silver. ; 25c: crowns, ; $3.
THE Esmond dental parlors; 43 6th— Crown and
- bridge work specialists; crowns $3: est. 15 yrs.
6ET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. '-. .-:. ■-. - , ■•--■; ..-;'- v
ALL work reasonable and warranted PR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market at.- -.- -• *■•.:-;■
A -WEEK'S - news ? for. 6 ' cents— The Weekly
Call, In wrapper, for mailing. ; '■'. '•' '.'■■
LOST.
LOST— An English pup dog . from r 1015 8 , Post
St. Handsome reward by, returning to above
" address; answers by the . name 'of : Jack. C--Z
LOST— Gordon » setter dog, 1 year - old; - rather
thin. • A reward of ■■ $10 will . be - paid "if . re-
turned to 2016 Pacific aye. ' or for information
which will lead to recovery. • -. >
i A— sloo REWARD: strayed from my home at
Fair Oaks, Great Dane dog; l,_ years old;
■ . tiger marked. A. ROY HARRISON, 40 Geary.
' LOST— By employing true gentlemen at. UNCLE
HARRIS 1 , If. Grant aye., near Market St., the
■ surety ■is • given '. that the ' most sensitive lady
will receive the kindest treatment; private
: entrance and private rooms. . ■ .';,.. ..■ ,;_■'<•:
LOST— A' 1 gold I heart-shaped • locket, "• with small
t. diamond ;In v center. ; ; Finder - return >to » this
■■; office ; and ; receive ■ suitable reward. v>,v :.. : . ..-: ■
&EBS3Xfi&mga/@l/llf S?? B S?**giE^ra^sSS3SMsB?v ' ' ' '■■ '•' ' -
■-. ... . • :• *■/■■■-• - . r-. :■'-■ :. '
• - ;-. personals.
— . ' "are you bald? — - —^ —
We guarantee to grow hair on bald heads In
I 90 days; restore gray'hair to its original color
In 4 months; stop hair falling out in 1 week;
cure dandruff, eczema and .parasites; all
forms, of scalp diseases a specialty; no pay
. until satisfied; remedy sent to all parts of
the country prepaid: open Sundays. 10 a. m.
to 12:S0 p. m. THE HIRSUITINE. CO.. St.
Ann's building, rooms 34-41, 6 Eddy st.
LEDERER'SQuinonlais the only hair tonic
that thoroughly cleanses the scalp;- 35c per
| bottle; try it. 'O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
j LEDERER, the leading hairdresser, : charges
but 25c for dressing the hair, any ;■> style; up-
. to-date; switches -Jl- 1 up; open riunday and
Monday, 9to 12. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
HAIR can be saved.' not grown; information
for stamp. DR. CUSTER, 1162 ■ Franklin st.%
Oakland. , ' . > - ■ / ,
I WANT an envelope self-addressed and I'll
■ tell : you how to cure drunkenness without
• patient's knowledge; don't send money. MRS.
MAY HAWKINS, Grand Rapids, Mich.,
Lock Box 131 "p."
PHYSICIAN (widower, 60 yea» ' old) :In nice
position would like to marry a lady with a
fortune of at least $50,000. Address L. It.,
6039 Aberdeen St., Chicago, 111. ! • j
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also j
chenille-wove rugs, Bilk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, In bank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 700 Fifth. Oakland.
WANTED— know the whereabouts of MAG-
GIE and ANNIE KINDERGEN. Address i
JOHN : KINDERGEN. 12 Oak Grove aye. : . >
THE Gastronome Restaurant, formerly the j
Poodle Dog, will remain open at the same i
.. place as before, the kitchen being under the |
direction of one of the best chefs in the , city, i
A. GAUDARD. Prop., cor. Bush and Grant. ]
I, JOSEPH LENOIR, have disposed of all in-
terest In the Pup Restaurant and will not be
responsible ■ for any bills contracted for after
December 21, 1898. ■ ■ ■
PICTURE framing with glass, now cheaper
than ever; 7x9 inches, 10c: 10x12, 15c; 12x16,
20c; 14x17, 25c: 16x20, 30c; ISx22. 36c; 20x24, 45c;
22x28,- 60c; curtain poles complete, with wood
or brass trimmings. 16c; room molding, all
colors, lc per foot: colored pictures, studies,
etc., 3 for 10c. JONES, 517 Mission st., bet.
First and Second. Open evenings.
LEDERER, the hairdresser, has but one price, i
25c; all styles; LEDERER'S FOAMO. 6cpack-
• age; use no other; switches, $1 up; open Sun-
days and holidays 9 to 12. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER'S Qulnonia is the one tonic that ,
.helps hair that is thin or falling out; 35c bot-
tle; try it. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
JOSEPH GREVEN, instructor or many now
celebrated singers, will open by request two
classes, each with about 10 pupils, beginning
' January, being impossible to receive the many
■ applicants for single, lessons; classes,' month-
■ ly $2. ■ ensemble and single treatment; only
those enlisting before Christmas accepted.
Rms. 121-122 Murphy bldg.. Jones arid Market.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children' .
■ highest price; postal. H. Fabian, 1020 Folsom.
STAMP Albums, best Christmas present; stamps '
bought. W. Sellachopp & Co., 118 Stockton at. j
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
House. 44 Third at., near Market: 200 rooms;
25c to $160 per night; $160 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. .
CHRISTMAS Japanese bamboo furniture; j
all kinds to order; wholesale and retail: coun-
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO. 313 Sutter.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices:
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME in confinement; diseases of i women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market et.. bet. 7th and Bth.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken. ■
DRESSMAKERS.
RAN" FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring I
College, 916 Market: men and women teachers.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT $5 50 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD. - ■ ■ s
$3 60 per month rent; new piano*.
Heine upright .$295 00
Steinway upright 187 50
Chickering upright 235 00
Sohmer upright 115 00
Knabe upright 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of JJBW9JBWIWWI
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
._ 136 Ellis St.. Y. M. C..A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi- j
gate and approve this method; prices are the
came as if purchased for all cash; bargains
I In good second-hand uprights upon name easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per. month. SHERMAN. CLAY &CO..
Btelnway dealers, corner Kearny and • Sutter
Ets., San Francisco, and - Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. ■•:.'• ' '  . '■
A FINE List of Bargains In Good Uprights
This Week Only:
Weber $ 60
Steinway '."•;.". ....* 150
Fisher (Sacrificed)
Hemme & Long, and others very cheap.
Open evenings until 8:30.
GARDNER & GLASSELL. 216 Post St.
' ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house '
west of Chicago la KOHLER & CHASE'S. :
i 26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, , organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible, done to please and satisfy the
customer. • ' •
A FEW Bargains Until Christmas Only:
Sterling piano; rosewood case $190
Royal piano; oak case 197
Miller piano, ' rosewood ' case 198
$6 per month: guaranteed 5 years. -
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell at.
THE best bargains In the city can be found
- at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market St. Call and see
the stock in their elegant new rooms. i
! MAGNIFICENT Chickering; only short time
from factory: forced to sacrifice at once;,
make offer. Room 21,' Flood building.
WM. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St.. agent
for celebrated pianos of Francis Bacon of New
York and Hallet & Davis Co.. Boston.
AN elegant Steinway upright, but little used
and in perfect order; a bargain. Spencer's
Piano Warerooms, 1818 Market st. !
A FISCHER piano for $45. In good , condition;
party.. leaving- the city. 1004 Tennessee st.
SOHMER pianos' are the best. BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent. 30S Post st.
ELEGANT upright.' cost $425. for sale on
J5: installments. 1115 Post st. :
A FINE bargain; Weber upright, only $60. 216 ,
Post st. ■ j
A FINE Steinway and new Chickering upright .!
sacrificed. KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.
$150— FINE Ptelnway: great bargain. SCHMITZ, 1
16 McAllister at., next Hibernla Bank.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st.
HAINES Bros.' and other first-claps pianos at
reduced prices. • W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant, j
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
KNABR pianos: new scale; new r.tyles. KOH- |
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. |
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H. i
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
NINTH. 167— Branch office of The , Call; sub-
scription? and want ads taken.
HORSES.
GENTLE black mare, top buggy, harness,: etc.;
■ cheap; suitable for lady. 1031 McAllister st.
(0 HORSES of ever, description at Emporium
Ralesyards. 220 Valencia at., bet. Thirteenth
and Fourteenth: also, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.. at your own price.
40 HORSES for Fale: also wai-on*. bugcie*. '
r«rts harness: Grand :\ Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. J27 Sixth: auction :«n!<«»: «n!<«» every Wedne»-
«»v STTT.TTV^ » TiOT-T.-ir ■" >.ii-tlnn,..n
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
ALL knids of wagonp.' carts, buggies, harness;
;■; cheap. A, PHILLIPS, Fifteenth and Valencia. ;
EXPRESS wagon and '■ two - horses - for sale, i
N. W cor. Preclta aye. and Alabama st. :
ATTORNEY SAT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private; i
' no fee without success; collections.* G.": W.
HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market, cor. ; Stocktn.
NO fee unless successful. ' W. P. ADAMS,', rm. '
■• 607. . : Emma Spreckels bldg., ; 927 ■' Market i st. ; :
ADVICE free: divorce laws; private.,'- J. B.
■- EVANS. 14 McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. ,W. ;
.W.. W. DAVIDSON, ■ 927 Market St. : ' I
i ' i
ALL private law cases, - bankruptcy, . collection. • i
free advice: open evgs.AttyMcCabe. 103 Larkln. : ;
L. P. CLARK— Spreckels hide. 527 Mar-
ket: consultation free: no fees In advance' ;..'.■.•
11 fJU WRITERS.
ALL i typewriters sold and rented , few partly
--■ used for sale ' cheap; . send 1 fcr . samples and
. prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery..
A HAMMOND, , $25: Callgraph. $16 Prost. "$»• '
get r-ample work. SCOTT.- 333 Montgomery' at
ALASKA ■ ENTERPRISES.
FOR Bale— lnterest' in' Klondike placer claim-
■ buyer -to operate full claim. > Box '6oo, Call.
.:-; ■-■■; ' . ; STORAGE. ~"
piEßC^R^DoTpHTstor»«e and • MovUiJT^CoT-
' Office 401 Post at., cor. Powell; tel. Main £711
- 7 v spiritualism.
attentionT^ ~~~~~*~~~~~ —
MRS. . DR. a. d. HOWE.
The celebrated medium and clairvoyant of all
clairvoyants,' who sees it all, tells you all and
instantly gives you peace and happiness. : She |
never, asks a question, but before you utter a j
word she tells you in full of all that you are i
'Interested In; » ■■ business,:.- speculation, love,'
marriage, divorce, ' tells of friends . and ene- I
mies, locates mines and burled 7 treasures.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance is . priceless. . Her "Revealed
| Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure |
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis. |
I rheumatism. all skin diseases, heart and ncr- ■
! vous affections. .' The wonderful cures 1 which
the has made are the talk of the : . whole slope.;
All correspondence , sacredly confidential.
. ■ Treatment • and consultation .by mail always
satisfactory, and most successful. Address or
call. ; ■■■•■ MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
' 1104 Market St., S. F., The Vendome."
DR. M. MUEHLENBRUCH. the prophetic seer
and . psychometrlst, • box US, Oakland. Cal..
! diagnoses disease by mail without symptoms
from lock, of hair; 5 2-cent stamps; rock from
"mines read, $2 50; life readings by mail, $2 50;
send for testimonials. . •:
MRS. J. J. : WHITNEY, ■ celebrated ■ tranc*
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
. cures disease with revealed remedies; consult
when ethers. fail: Mttlnes tl. 2.l2 ; Stockton St.
i $100,000 TO loan on I safes and articles lof every
description at UNCLE .HARRIS", 15 Grant
! - aye.. near Market st. . ... . 
MRS. KATE HOSKINS. trance medium: read-
j .Ings dally. $1. 322 S. Spring St., Lob Angeles.
■ MRS. ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m.: ;
! Mon.. 8: 25c: sittings $1. 233 Valencia' st.
| BUSINESS medium and palmist:.. readings 25c
j this week: satisfaction guaranteed. 234U 6th.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR., F. CLARK. (
Permanently : Located In San . FrancUco,
At 1023^4 Market Street.
Between Sixth and Seventh. . v.
While entranced gives aid. and advice. which
will overcome your enemies, ;' remove family
troubles, restore lost affections, make marriage
with the one you love no failure, remove Influ-
ence, bad habits, cures witchery, ' fits and long-
I , , ■ . . -
I standing and mysterious diseases: will give cor-
j rect Information on law suits, sickness, death,
i divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by mall.
. Send stamp for circular, with special terms,
] To MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 1023& Market st.
MME. WALTERS, the great card reader: ladies '
; 25c, gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sund'y.
i MADAME AUGUST, .: clairvoyant, card reader
j ' palmist; truth or no pay; 25c. 1150 Mission.
i BLANCHE de Chapelle, card: reading. 417 :
Bush St., rooms 9 and 10. i
i CLAIRVOYANT card reader: 10c; ladles only.
j ■ 543 Natoma St., bet, 6th: and 7th. .'--
1 MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. • 1169 Mission, nr. Sth.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. -73 Fourth- St., near Mission.
MME. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-,
fession, has removed, to 218 Stockton st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
. band's picture. 25c; ladles. .' 914. O'Farrell ' st.
! MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.' "
PALMISTRY. \
SCIENTIFIC palmistry. MRS. KATE BLAIR,
143 Phelan building, third floor.
"medical.
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk et., has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
cafe cure for all , female ■ diseases from what-
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-'
' aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere; they will find
4 her a true friend; home for patients, with
- every comfort; action guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER. 610 ' Eddy at., between
: .Hyde, and Larkln. : . . . . :. : ' -'
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
Instantly (no' matter -what cause); safe and
-sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never -been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; home In con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialists free and confidential. -MRS..
DR. WYETH. 208 Turk St.. near Jones.
ALL Ladles— only Dr. and Mrs. .M. I Davtea,
true friends of all invalids, men and women; .
60 years' pratcice; sa'e and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy: and aid; sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
: dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1: very strong, $2. ; .;■ .---;■
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and , sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre- j
ventive; price $1 GO per box, sent free by mall i
on receipt of price: consultation on all special
diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23 Grant
aye.. S. F. A caution— purchasing
elsewhere write us.
LADlES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best;, safe, reliable; take
no : other; send 4c . stamps '■ for particulars;
I "Relief for Ladles"; letter. by return. mall; at
' druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlla.
NEW process sent; for female trouble; no mat-
ter frpm what cause and how long standing:
every' woman her own: physician; safe and
jure; no medicine or Instruments used: con-
sultation free: pills and capsules. $1: -cure $5.
By the well-known ladles' physician for 37
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
I A~ TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause: no instruments used; guaranteed cure
at office, $5; travelers helped instantly: hours
- 9 a. m. to 6 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122
. Market St.. bet. Mason and Taylor. . > ':' :
AILMENTS— LadIes in trouble see Dra. Good-
win free: 'reliable, safe and sure; cure In 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints; no Instru-
ments: ! maternity home; best medical at-
i tendance; cure. $5. " Removed from 401 D Van
! Ness to 1362 A Mkt., bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
I .
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. .world -renowned : spe-
i cialist;- all monthly irregularities restored;
whatever cause: all cases relieved lmmedate-
ly; call or write; confidential. 1023% Market.
I ALL married ladies know "Seguro," the greatest
. boon to them. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st.
II 60. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO.. 631 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
; DR. and MRS. WEGENER.: 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; : terms
moderate; infants adopted Into good homes. ';;
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure: $2 60:
expressed C. O. D.: don't delay until too late.
. OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland Cal.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife: pleasant sunny home
in confinement. 156 Second St.; tel. Green 62.
, Bellevue Sanitarium— Ladles cared, for during
confinement. 727 Bellevua rye.. Los Ancles.
~" EDUCATIONAL.: V., ~
A SINGING and operatic training school. Paris
: graduate;, course opens- Jan. 5; term, 6 mo.,
'•" $75; languages, French and Spanish; -begin
Jan. 6; course $30; ! special training during
second term for Paris Exposition, 1900. Rooms
6 and 20, Mercantile bldg., 530 Golden Gate ay.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, , business . practice, ■ shorthand, typ-
Ing.telegraphy, languages, .English branches;
electrical.': civil and mining engineering; suh-
1 .. veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100- grad-
uates placed since 1832; catalogue.
: AYRES" Business C011ege,: 723 Market st.; Indi-
vidual instruction In shorthand, 'yping. book-
keeping, - telegraphy, penmanship, .English
branches." etc. : life scholarship, >•-!); low rate*
.- per : week and month. *••.
A LADY, teaches piano & mandolin thoroughly;
, : 60c hour; excellent pianist & accompanist fur
: .entertainments and. vocalists. • 1209 Octavia st.
j ENGINEERING School, : civil, electrical, mln-
i •ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day ft eve.:
I " est. 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ELOCUTION & oratory: F. C. Caldwell; 16 yrs'
experience. Emma Spreckels bldg, 927. Market.
i INSTRUCTION— piano, •cornet.V mando-
.■ ■ lln. etc. .THE MISSES LANE. 3941 24th : St.
I 6AN FRANCISCO Business College. 123« ; Mar-
i'. ket ft.; 400 positions secured In last 2 yean*. '
j BOOKKEEPING; rapid calculation, practically
; tnught: short time. Tarr. • f72 Parrott ' bldg.
CVRPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam . Carpet-cleaning WorUs — Cleans,
moves, : lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
.88 and 40 Eighth st. ; .telephone South 150.
? WHEN you ', become dlstgusted with poor = work
send ?, to SPAULDING'S :: Pioneer ■ Carpet-
.... beating Works, '363-67 Tehama St.; ttl. 8. ; '«.
CARPETS cleaned : at 3c \ per < yard; laid at ' 3c. I
ETRAT.TON'S..3 Eighth st. ;• tel. Jessie »44. - . :
J. E. MITCHELL. Canpet-cleanlnj* Co.. : 240 14th
j •;■ ' St.: ' cleaning 3c . per yard: . tel. j Mission 74. ;:,■-.•■■;'
CONKLIN'S • Carpet-beating Works.": SS3 Golden
-; Gate aye.: tel. East 126. ,■>•■-;- -.:)■[. ■* \ t, ;■.• .
ADVANCE Carpet -cleaning Co.. .01 Putter at. ;
tel. Main $84. QEO. WOLCOM." Proprietor.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
«50^FRUii'"Bto7eT "nortn~oTand near : Market
: St.; receipts $15 day: 2 rooms furnished; rent
$25; bargain on : account of departure. See
MENZEL & CO.. 7 Grant aye.
NOTICE— To buy :or sell ' your business quick
■ for cash see MENZEL & CO., 7 Grant aye.
, A— $1000; MILK ■ route and boarding stable; 24
cans daily: 4 good horses. > 2 wagons; 6 steady
boarders: easily worth $2000; sickness cause of
sale. KREDO & CO., 22%' Geary st. ■ ;v
A— slsoo; 'FRUIT, vegetables and poultry;
wholesale and retail;. $500 to $1000 dally; best
In city. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary St.
i KREDO & CO., 22% Geary st. .
$4600— Drug store; $40 dally; nothing better. *
$200— Florist; big- funeral trade. ;■
$200— Branch bakery; $10 dally.
; ". For particulars of ■ above call on . KREDO. .
$225; CORNER grocery and bar, worth $600;
niui-t sell at once. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary.
$150; EXPRESS business; 2 horses and large
wagon; good harness: bargain; going to the
country cause of sale. :; MCLAUGHLIN &
CO., 777 Market st. ■
WELL stocked candy store; must sell at
once. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
'A— slso; STEADY j man wanted In established
office business; will pay $75 a month to each.
. MOON & CO., 1008% Market St., opp. Fifth.
ENTERPRISING woman ■ wauld like to meet
man of means with $1500 to invest In theatri-
cal enterprise; sure venture. Address LIT-
TLE MINISTER, box 588, Call.
WANTED— Buy branch bakery, delicacy or
candy: store, where there are -some living
rooms;. will pay ca.»,h. Address box 1861, Call.
GROCERY and bar; the best bargain In San
Francisco; reason for sale death. Call 117
' Fillmore. St. * ' . ' ' ■
PARTNER wanted In successful growing
business. Call 211 Examiner bldg., bet. 11 & 12.
$150— PARTNER .wanted in saloon; will clear
$50 month each. MENZEL, 7 Grant aye.
WITH ' $500 j you < can easily : get rich manu-
facturing. Address box 595, Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale at once on account of
. sickness. Inquire 1212% Polk st. .
WANTED— "good restaurant man to take
charge of first-class restaurant In connection
with a hotel: good-paying business; French-
man preferred. Address box 607, Call office. 1
MILK depot and "dairy . produce: reasonable;
cause of selling 111 health. 624 Third st.
BARBERS, Attention!— sale: barber busi-
ness, 2 chairs, fifteen (15) cent shop, situ-
ated in hotel building In a good country town;
. Fortuna, ■ Cal. Address W. J. P., Fortuna,
Humboldt County, ; Cal. .
PARTNER with some means by expert wine
: man for opening neat, respectable wine
■ -roQin with family trade. Box 515,. Call office.
A— SALOON; 1 block from The Call; with 8
roome; sell cheap on account of sickness.
Call at 677% Mission St. -
FINE little saloon; must sell, account of leav-
ing city. 306 Minna st. .
FOR SALE— cigar stand; 34 Eddy. Call
room 614. Call building. '
ENERGETIC man with $500 : can clear $500 a
month, guaranteed; this places a new and
necessary article upon the market. Partic-
ulars, box 904, Call office, Oakland. ...
COFFEE • and ! tea routes supplied from I GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st.
PROMOTERS wanted to Introduce new Inven-
tion. Box 638, Call office.
OLD-ESTABLISHED drinking saloon for sale
cheap. Inquire at 650 Sacramento. . nr. Kearny.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
supplied as wanted at lowest price*. 107-10*
B>al> st -
■ LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
110-room corner h0u5e......'..; $6500
. 10-room house; worth $1000 500
72 rooms: fine c0rner.......; ....1850
. 14-room house: 0n1y..'....'.. 600
26-room house; rent $50 — 750
9-room house to rent; furnished ...
6-room flat; rent $22 ..250
14 rooms; on Sutter st 450
82 rooms; reduced from $5000 to 2500
10 rooms: on Sutter st 250
• ..M-room house; new house and furniture. 850
• 8 rooms; new furniture; cost $550....... . 200
12 rooms: on Market St.; rent $40 450
10-room house; only..' 150.
.. 21 rooms; corner;, clears $150... .'..'.< '650
■ 46-room house: c0rner........."......... .... 1200
. I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
MONEY LOANED ON ANY, HOUSE.
... . , H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market «t.
A— KREDO & C 0........"..'... .22% Geary Street
. . Money i Advanced on AH Houses.
' 10 rooms; elegant; clears $50. ....::...... ...5325
12 rooms ; Ellis ; st. : s always ■ full ........ ... 500
• 14 rooms; near City Hall :rcheaprrentr;'.."- 800
38 rooms: fine business corner ......1.100
And others, . Call and get. list. KREDO. :
A— s32o: 10 rooms, nicely furnished: Taylor st.,
nr. Geary; rent only $35. KREDO & CO.,
" 22%' Geary st. ' •.-"■'.■'■-
A— s4ooo; 240 rooms; guaranteed 'to ; clear $350
per . month: investigation and trial given.
KREDO & CO. ' ■ ■ ' ■'■■-'••..
A— slso: 5-ROOM flat, south of Market: - free
rent and light. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary.
NOTICE— To buy or sell a lodging-house quick
for cash see MENZEL & CO.. 7 Grant aye.
A— s3soo; 100 ROOMS, cor., with elevator; great
bargain. SPECK CO.. 602 Market st.
NEWLY furnished house of 7 rooms, all rented;
cheap for cash.' 323 Taylor St. "
LADIES. if you ■ need money call -on UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.. near Market st.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand" machinery. Mo*
. INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 196-197 Fremont st.
YACHT Rattler Jr., 21 feet 6 inches over all;
■ sloop; with cabin; fast sailer: nearly new.
;■ Call or address 341 Bush St., San Francisco,
or S., Call office, Oakland. .
A PETITE- lady's diamond, ruby, ' sapphire and
emerald set watch: for $45; cost $150. ■ UNCLE
HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
SALOON. for sale. ■23 East St.. near Clay.
ANGORA Cattery 557 - Ellis St.. . thoroughbred
cats and kittens; suitable for holiday gifts.
FOR Large St. Bernard ■' dog; $15. ' 2406
Folsom st. -. :..-.• . ..-,.-
A \ PAIR Lamalre pearl opera glasses and
holders; a pretty present for the holidays for
$8; cost originally $24! UNCLE HARRIS. 15
.Grant aye. , .; ' : . '. ■ ■ . ,_■
FOR SALE— Good 'paying butcher shop: cash
. business; all appliances for smoking i and
curing; cheap. Box 24. Call Branch office.
FOR Sale— Dwelling house: cheap; 455 Bryant
■Et. ;■ must be removed Immediately. Apply
room 36. seventh floor.- Mills building. ' .
WHITE Scotch fantail pigeons. $2 50 pair; ring-
doves, $1 pair. 2029 San Antonio ay., Alameda.
GASOLINE engine, 2 and 4 horse-power;
Box 620. Call office. . • ; <- , - ' tneap -
TOOLS & machinery, every description, bought
. sold & : exchanged; . send postal. . ; 648 Mission!
BARS, back bar*, mirrors, showcases, counters
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand J
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st
above Sixth. .
SECOND-HAND engines, • boilers, pumps, hose
belting, etc. H. L. WHITE. 618 Mission st.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento st. ',- :„■'; •' ■■-■ - .
3 u^,if ° -* >Lt " house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission: tel. South 787.
SAFES— |in new and second-hand- all
-sizes;. half original cost.: 109-111 Market, 8. F.
SIX horsepower Zenith: gas engine: nearly new.
Cal. Belt Co.. 519 Mission: tel. , Br. 331. ■
ONE •' and ~- 2 bowl barber J washstands ~ : chea.D
TTT-^-rHMIPT *??, Onlden Gate aye.
SEWING ; MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY. • rented : repaired, bought~^ld-
machine supplies. . 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.'
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged* rented-
' repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st; '
: : 'i HOUSES ».TO^ET.' ," 
A— lo ROOMS; Post, near Franklin.;;...... $50
A— lo rooms; Pacific aye., near Franklin '60
A— lo rooms; Bush, near Van Ness. ';; 40
■ 3UQ. others; cheap. -SPECK CO., 1 602 Mkt.
A— Send for circular; houses to let all parts of
city. G. H. UMBSEN * CO.. 14 Montgoniery.
FILLMORE. 1720— Seven , handsomely, modern-
■papered sunny rooms; large yard and basem't.
$3 OR $30,000 to loan you on pianos, without re-
moval, at *■ UNCLE HARRIS . If Grant aye.,
i near Market st. * , . -. -.
MODERN I residence, 3415 5 Jackson st. : grand
vie^ li rooms and 'bath. Apply MADISON
& ; £rRKE, 626 Market St. I ... .. >■ :- s <:< :
PERRY,' 212%— window house, 41 rooms;
■ rent"sl2 60; water : free. Apply to G. H.
UMBSEN & CO.. : Incorporated. . ;
: SUNNY; detached house,. Western : Addition; 8
rooms (5 i bedrooms) ;: yard and basement; for
..<i: or 2: years..,: Address box 594. -Call office.
■WE I can f rent I you ; a house with" or without a
: ■ flaßpole. , BALDWIN & HOWELL. , 10 Mont-
■-. • gomery, • st. v;-.'i - • .:--v-'-".-. ; ,.;: :■;. ;/,-...-''■.•■'•. .
$10— HOUSE! of 4 rooms; large i barn; - big yard
i Cor. Seventh aye. and Lake st. - -,'.... ; -.-,
10-ROOM • house for rent; : sunny;. modern; yard- !
: s . barn , rent . $25. 3522 i Nineteenth ■ st. . .^ > . •-•■■■■• '
12-ROOM house; fine for renting rooms." 2J Oak ;
i" St., . near. Market. <r Apply . at ■ 16 * Grant 'aye.
$32 50—14 ROOMS, new s house; laid out for rent-
. ing ; rooms. ;; 8605 : Twentieth , st., - nr. Mission.
" COTTAGES TO - LET. :
COTTAGE of five rooms and . bath on. Tenth
: aye. near Point Lobos aye., with all modern
improvements;-: rent reasonable. JACOB
HKYMAN, 11 Montgomery St.
4, 6, 6, 7, 8 ROOMS, new; $8 to $20 per mo.; or
.'■ will sell on terms of $50 to $250 cash; bal-
. '.. ance $10 to $30 per month. THE MCCARTHY
: COMPANY. 646 Market st. ' ■ ~ ■
403 LAUREL St.— Modern cottage. 6 rooms amlf |r
bath: rent reasonable. -* Apply MADISON &'T
BURKE, 626 Market st. '
FLATS TO LET. " '•'
A— ToTfLATS, cottages, $7 to $11; 10 to 30 days
free. At A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market.
CASTRO, 541, near 19th— $17 50: 6 rooms and
, ■ porcelain bath; sunny upper flat. ; ■ '
FINE sunny flat, -4 rooms; near . Mechanics'
Pavilion. 62 Ivy aye. _
GEARY 805— An elegant flat of 4 rooms; rent
$15., '" - -
MODERN lower flat, 6 rooms and bath; large
basement; rent reasonable; 3316 Sacramento
st. : MADISON & BURKE. ' -
MODERN 5-room upper fiat. 125 Ash aye.,
between Polk . St. and Van Ness aye.
OLIVE aye., 127— Upper flat of 4 rooms; $12; no
' children.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st; i •-.• "
2 FLATS, 4 rooms and bath; 5078 Birch aye.,
above Octavia st. ; '. rent $10 and $12.
$10 AND $13 50— Flats of 4 and 5 1 rooms and
bath. 1028 Shotwell St. ■
$13 50— 297 A SHIPLEY St., near Sixth— Flat; S
rooms and bath. . ■
$1 000 000 TO loan on diamonds, watches ' and
■ jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye..
near Market st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALVA, May, Laura and all young and beautl- m
ful ladies are notified that the highest amount t>f
Is loaned on watches, diamonds and Jewelry v T
at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye., near
; Market st. -.
BARTLETT, 447 — Furnished housekeeping
room, with kitchen; cheap. .
BELGRAVIA, 1715 Polk— Elegant rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished; en suite or single.
ELEVENTH. 120—3 front rooms for house-
keeping; en suite or single; no children..
FOLSOM, 525— Large sunny furnished room:
light housekeeping; $1 50 week.
FOLSOM, 652— Sunny furnished rooms ' for
housekeeping: also single; private family.
GROVE, 202. corner Van Ness aye.— Suite" of J
sunny unfurnished roome, with gas range.
MARKET. Large sunny, front room and
kitchen: folding bed: closet; call after 6 p. m.
MARKET, Large front room and kitchen;
folding bed, closet; $12 per month.
MISSION, 839— Large sunny kitchen and bed-
room; large yard; $2 50 a week.
N.E. CORNER Tenth and Bryant— Sunny . fur-
nished or unfurnished rms. ; gas in each rm.
O'FARRELL, 929, .near Van Ness— Nice front
room and large kitchen furnished for house-
keeping; gas, gas stove; $18 month.
POST, 922— Unfurnished sunny rooms, single or
in suits, with all conveniences:'
ST. JAMES, 824 Laguna— Suites, $13 up; un-
furnished, $12 50; unequaled In city.
THIRD, 309— Rms., double or single; furnished
complete housekpg; sunny side; rront; rent low. .
TURK, . 20—2 nicely furnished, light rooms, *n
complete for housekeeping. •
ELEVENTH. Branch office of Th« Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
~ ROOMS LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Pleasant
tunny rooms; en suite or i ngl»; first-class
In every respect, terms reasonable^ ..-• t >
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza: , day or. month.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth St., corner Ho»wd-
rooms en suite or single. 25c to $1 a n gh;;
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night: Howard-it.
cam pass house direct from all trains. ■
CARROLLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Gold. .. Oatt—
Nicely furnished rooms and offices. " '-.":
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY. 118— Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central; very desirable: $6 per month upward.
I EDDY, 207— Large front room on first floor, $12;
1 small sunny room, $8. . . '.... .
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— sur-ny suites
•St. sing., 11 SO, $6 wk. ; 60c, $1 day; tel. 81. 1364.
GEARY. - Sunny front ■ bay-window suite;
other rooms; $6 to $10 per month. ' ■'
GEARY, 378— Large sunny front room; rent
;• cheap; gas and bath; private family. :.•
GEARY, 428, "The Gage"— Elegant furnished,
en suite and single; hot and cold water; bath.
GEARY. 566— Elegant sunny suites, privilege-
light housekeeping; gas, range; other rooms; »,
. reasonable. , .
GOLDEN GATE aye. 1 , .425— furnished
rooms for ladies, $9 and $5.
GRAND . SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and -> J A
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and ' m
single-; elevator; ' moderate rates; families. .* w■•
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select .family
. rooming. house; $1 50 to $6 •er week.
HARRISON, 925— Large sunny room; furnished
or unfurnished; suitable, for 2. .■ .:
HASKELL, The, 121 Powell— managements
cheap, neat, light, sunny rooms; transient.
LARKIN, 1415, corner California— Nice • fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen in private family:
best part of town; 15 minutes' walk from the .
Emporium; 4 car lines within a block; refer-
ences required. ' ''•'.. :■ ' '
MECHANICS' • HOUSE. 436 Fifth— Everything
new; rms., single or suite, $1 wk. up; trans-
dent; bar in connection. F. W. Gardener, bro.
• C. J. Gardener of Folsom and Rausch, prop.
MINNA. 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION 933 (Mint House)— Nice sunny fur-
;: nished rooms; transient; new house: central.
MISSION, 1235— Furnished single room for gen-
tleman; $3 per month. - ■ ■
O'FARRELL. Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
PIEDMONT House. 119 A Nicely furnished
sunny front rooms; double, single; first class. ,
PINE. 514 A. near Kearny — Nicely furnished
' sunny rooms; single or :en suite; moderate.
SEVENTH. New house, newly furnished; '
modern, sunny; single or suite; $6 to $20 mo.
SELL your furniture to UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant aye., near Market st. '
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, Large unfurnished room, $4;
' Mission warm belt.
STOCKTON, 317— Newly furnished suite; also
single rooms; ; bath, telephone: reasonable;
central. .• '
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3684— Rooms to let in prl- N
vate family; no children. . ' J r~
TURK. 126— Single furnished rooms for man
and wife: also single room -or gent.
1 PRIVATE room for gents and two for ladles,
where those who wish to borrow money on
watches and Jewelry are waited on, at UN-
CLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.. nr. Market st.
$5 A MONTH— Bed and sitting room combined;
1 sunny; furnished. Address box 587. Call.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. ■ .- . .
: . . ROOMS AND BOARD.
FELL, 26—2 nicely furnished sunny rooms, with
board; reasonable; gas; gents preferred. ■
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Fairmount. 1714 Market— Elegant - new
furniture: first-class In every respect: table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water: elevator;
". suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
HOWARD. 2606— Large sunny room, graU,
.V large closet, with • board for 2. $35. -.*? --'
IRVING. 1070 Valencia— Large sunny front al-
- cove room '.' .:■ [*■'■' ■ '.
PIANOS and trunks stored and' money loaned
on them at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye..
near Market st. '. . ' .... . :,...-.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant ' eunny rooms; ex- ':■
' cellent board: special rates for 2 or more. ■■:■
SUTTER. Elegant room and board; loca-
tion unsurpassed; ; reasonable. ;'• -- : ■> ;
VAN -. NESS r ave.. • Sunny r furnished ' suites
and single rooms: first-class table board." .:
CIHL»Ki,\ BOARDED.
•WIDOW would ! like 2 children to board; good
• home; furnished room for parent; 51 Clara st.
.' '." ; '; ■:•;"■■] OFFICES TO C LET. ■'■ .'■ .'■•
A SUNNY corner, suitable > for offices; • single ''W
or suite. 1206 Market, corner Golden . Gate
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market st —
' ;T ♦ «™ n ! a t n i. to an(l telephone: rents $12 50
i to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room' 2lo.'
—
r ; - FURNITUnr: FOR ; SALE. O >
DOLORES, 3-room < cottage; cheap- call
evenings: furniture for ale. ;
. PHYSICIANS^ , ■; '
REMOVAL Notlce^-Dr. C.'. C.': O'Donneir, offlc*
and residence. 1021% Market, bet; 6th and 7UI' CITY REAl ' ESTATE.
• G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
Heal Estate Agent*.
. 14 Montgomery st.
BUSINESS INVESTMENT IN THE MISSION.
$6500— Howard St., near Twelfth. 3 substan-
tial Hats of 6, 5 and 4 rooms and bath each;
modern; rents $660 per annum; cause of sale,
owner going to Europe.
WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
$6150— Golden Gate aye.; % substantial houses
of 6 rooms, bath, laundry, basement, etc., |
each: Sl:iixB7:G: rents |48, which can be con-
siderably Increased.
MISSION FLATS— CHEAP.
SaiaO— Shotwell st.; rents $30 per month: 2
flats and cottage and lot; this is a splendid ■
offering.
.™ 0 ? 0 SMALL INVESTMENT.
13000— \allejo st.; 2 flats of 4 rooms and bath
each; brick foundation; street accepted; rents
fl>4 per annum.
t0(1 ,. TWO VERY CHEAP FLATS.
J. 900 —2 substantial fiats of 5 and 4 rooms and
oatn each; brick foundation, etc., and lot;
rents ?2ao per annum.
Mm WESTERN ADDITION LOT.
$.000— Must be sold; no reasonable offer re-
•used; good location for six flats.
£,25 YeY c WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
UWj~ Steiner St.; cozy cottage of 5 rooms
ar.,l oath and lot; will be sold on easy terms;
Final, amount cash, balance in monthly pay-
ments, same as rent; nice location.
°«°SJ X MISSI P : i COTTAGE VERY CHEAP.-
. Bay- window cottage and lot; Mission
warm belt; hundy to the Mission and Castro-
st. car lines.
«i™ 2?. ZT COTTA CE~VERY CHEAP.;
a£. ?« y -. co L taKe 6 rooms; nice Mower gar-
den; lot 26x,«; handy to several lines of street
cars, will be sold on very easy terms.
ti OULEVARD CORNER LOT.
ca, lon for fim-cla.ss grocery or drug store; lo-
De sold on easy terms. or drug store; will
De Bold on easy terms.
*i«iY?K ILlt)I ? ;G LOT-VERY CHEAP.
Jl3so— Near Valencia and Market »ts. ; lot
*!£d touJSlt ° n; leVel: S " la11 flatS WoUld Pay
11! m, -.CHEAP BUILDING LOT.
•tsTKxi!" Fourteenth - Church and Market
..^.l 1 *£? .obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
wl.'in n Ch swains a list of properties for
sals in all parts of the city
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
. ; 14 Montgomery st.
MADisON a BtBUKB, Real Bktatt Agents.
t-snA__?« 3t^K Ushp<l 185S ' 626 Market st.
♦ '500— McAllister st, near Fillmore, 2 large
flats; paying good Income; lot 25x100.
Must be sold— Two fine flats on Haves st
52£ UChan < an: l ot 27:6x120 to rear street* rents
very low, $55; only $7250; make offer.
ba t th?To? l ixlsV:6. near " 15;;il ' aderO: 7 rooms and
$5250-Gough et near Fulton; 11. rooms and
bath;- laundry and large cellar; lotpixS2:6.
$2600 only for a nice 2-story house in perfect
100 Ham shlre st - near Eighteenth; Tot 25x
$5000— Three flats; Twenty-first st, near Va-
lencia; rants $39 per month; lot 22x90.
$5000— ell st., near Devisadero; 3 houses;
rents $42 per month; lot 45xS0.
$2900 — Twenty-fifth st.. near Sanchez- 6
rooms and bath; 24:3x114. ..
$3000— Cottage and lot: Twenty-first st., near-
Castro; 5 rooms and stable; 25x114.
Webster Bt.. near McAllister; 6" rooms
and bath and rear house; lot 25xSi:6.
$3500— Two cottages; Chattanooga st., near
Twenty-third; 32:6x117:6.
Hyde st., near Union; cars pass; lot 26x65:
only $2500. '
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on Haight and Octavia sU.. 1 block
off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent.
Corner; only $2250; California and Locust
sts.; 37:6x107:7. .
CO . ira; Buchanan St., corner of Chestnut
J8W0; 137:6x137*.
Church st., near Sixteenth; 60x125; only $2000
per lot.
$2700— Cheap; north line Jersey, near Castro;
Bryant, near Twenty-fifth; 52x100.
$2750— Clay St.. near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
$2000— Twenty-first St., near Sanchez; 50x114.
$1750 — Union st., near Webster; 25x100.
$1250— Sixteenth st., near Castro; 25x100.
$1000— Seventh aye., near .T. T st. : 25x120.
$1000— Jersey st.. near Noe; 25x114-
. California rt.. near Second aye.; 25x100; $?00.
MADISON & BUJtKE, -Gl6 Market. »t.
O. F. YON RHEIN & CO., ~~ "
513 California- st.
,-"• IMPROVED.
$25.000— Market st., adjoining Oriel Hotel:
17:6x104; frontage on 2 streets; sold to close an
estate.
45:10x137:6; full water lot: Improved; leased
for ( years at $250 per month.
Montgomery are. through to Washington st. ;
brick improvements: rents $190.
137:6x137:6; comer of Leaven worth and Green-
wich sts.: 10 rooms and bath; rents $50' $12.0tW.
25x80; Tu»k St., near Laguna; 3 new flats;
$11,000.
23x77; Jackson, near Taylor: rents $76; $8800!,
2.*.x52:6: Hayes, near Steiner; flats; rent $42 50;
modeYn bay-window; $5750.
20x57:6; corner Dupont and Hlnckley; store
and lodging house; rents $85; $10,000.
21x67:5; Powell, near Vallejo; rent $18; $6250.
24:3x69:9; Green, near Powell; new modern
lav-window flats: rents $3S: $4.""
25x122:6; Shotwell, near 24th: 2 flat*: $3800.
25x80; Guerrero, near 17th; flats; $3750.
(80; Clara, near Fifth; $3500.
26:9x76:9; corner Boardman place and Fargo
place; store and flat: rents $22: $2200.
UNIMPROVED.
S0x71:10; SE. corner Polk and Lombard.
£5x115; Scott, near Washington.
25x55: 13th, near Stevenson; 2 lots.
. 25x100; Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
25:8x114; 28th. near Dolores; $1000.
60xlSS; corner B and 25th aye.; $1200.
Silver Terrace Homestead lots cheap.
THE 'UNBELIEVER.
OcCfteicrally we meet with an unbeliever—
a man who si.ys he does not believe in owning
a home. That man does not believe in a home,
simply because bo has not studied the nxii.fc.Mi
' of getting one.
Toe unbeliever who will take the trouble
to go out to the Heyman Tract and see tfeise
neat homes that are being paid for with the
same money that used to be thrown away in
rent cannot help changing his views.
Three more 4, a and 7 room cottages In the
Ileynjan Tract (No« Valley) can be had on
terms equal to your rent money.
» . JACOB HEY MAN. 11 Montgomery st.
BUILDING lots in different parts of the city
on $3 monthly payments.
-$5 monthly ; level building lots. 25x120r only 1
block' from San Mateo electric cars. JACOB
HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st. •
$7 oO MONTHLY payments will buy a lot 25x
100, with 2 cars; 1 block from the Ocean
boulevard and electric road; can be rented
T'.r $5 monthly. JACOB HKTMAN. 11 Mont-
KOiawy »t.
. I LOTS on 11th nve .. IB flnnset Heights, ready
for building; $10 monthly. JACOB HEYMAN,
11 Montgomery St.
EOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
• HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
SUNSET DISTRICT LOTS A - SPECIALTY.
Branch Office on Ninth aye., near H st.
$400, $1;", ?500 to $SOO each; street graded, lots
rt-ady to build on: $25 down. $5 monthly.
Unexcelled View. Perfect Bargains.
■ Go to ere them. Local agent on the Ground.
. RICHMOND LOTS FRO >I $400 TO $800.
$100 to $300; lots near Mlssion-st. electric
car*; ready to build on; $10 down, $5 monthly.
SOL GKTZ ft BROTHER.
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING. .
BIG bargain— SW. corner of Jersey, and Dia-
1 mond sts.: 114x110, with Improvements. WIL-
LIAM .1 HKKKIN. room 15. 324 Pine st.
FOR BALK cheap— ? lots on corner of Gates
and Union sts, neftr Cortland-nve. school;
tea my «lsrn on lots. WILLIAM J. HEHRIW,
I room 15, 324 Pine at.
C. C. BEMIfV - '
REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
,i-i 324 MONTGOMERY. ST.
V FOR SALE.
Choice ■ building lot on Army and Twenty-
sevc-nth *ts.: close to electric road. .
$GOOO--C«-->n<i corner for store; must be sold; j
lot r.2:4JtW feet. j
$C700 50x127:6- feet on Jackson St.. overlook-
ing the I'residl.i and bay
fO-var:« on Page nt. ; panhandle of park.
$!00— Choice building lots north of pork.
Bargain— Southwest corner Firth ay«. and C
:«..' lU9xi^. feet. :..■;■- -■■ .
ALL that are troubled, whether ally, weekly
• 'or monthly should remember that they can
borrow on their diamonds from UNCLE HAR-
RIS, 15 Grant avn.. near Market st.
HOUSES built for $150 & room and up; repair
done: will call. GEORGE M. SALKBURT.
; builder. 521 X St.. ; Sunset District.
PItOPERTY WASTED.
RANCH- wanted in trade for 7- room house; 2]
' cor". lots;'S."F.':'S3soo. J."," Call office,' Oakland.
i'l>VM U1.. ..
$'500 WANTED— l' year, on .good indorsed or
' Joint note; will pay good interest Box
«71. Call office. "-■•" -■• -
.NOTES ■ discounted; ; " loans . negotiated. 'J SYL-' !
;, VAIN SALOMON, broker, 32S Montgomery. j
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 1
'■"'■: 10 . Montgomery st.
GOLDEN GATE AYE. FLATS. ,
$5100— to Baker st. ; modern flats, 6 and
7 rooms; all modern conveniences; rent $47 s(t,
mortgage 53300; a splendid buy.
CHEAP FLATS ON GUERRERO ST.
.s3«oo— Noar 17th st.: 2-story bay-window
house; rented low at $30; must be- sold.
$300 BALANCE $25 MONTHLY.
$2,100— 2 nice flats on Army St.. near Sanchez:
a nice comfortable home, with an Income; very
cheap; cost owner $3SOO.
DEVISADERO-ST. FLATS.
S6loo— Devisadero st., near Bush; 2-story
I building; also stable in rear; lot 26:6x137:6.
$200 CASH; BALANCE MONTHLY.
$2300 — Good 2-story bay-window house on
Clipper, near Castro; contains 7 rooms and
bath.
BUSINESS CORNER.
$1500 — A svlemli'i business corner of Dolores
Ft.; Improvements consist of a substantial
building containing a store and 4 rooms in the
rear, fin above of 6 rooms and bath: also cot-
tage adjoining containing 4 rooms; total rents
$33; extra large lot, 55x87.-
A GREAT BARGAIN— PAYS OVER 15 PER
CENT.
I $33r.0— to Fifth and Market sts. ; good
I tenement property In a fine renting locality;
! this property Is offered at a low price In order
I to effect an Immediate sale. >." ..
LEAVEN WORTH- ST.. FLATS.
j lyeavem-worth St.. near Broadway; 2-
' story building, containing 2 flats; rent $32.
DOWNTOWN BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$22.000— Drumm-st. corner, within 1 block of
Market St., largo lot; the improvements are
old, but pay a fair return on the Investment;
mortgage of 112,000 can remain.
ALMOST A 50-VARA LOT.
I $4500— Lyon st., near Post; a great big lot,
"with old Improvements; splendid for teamster,
or a rood location -to build cheap flats; prop-
erty must be sold to close an estate.
PAYS 14 PER CENT.
$1630— Bernard St., close to Jones and Pacific;
2 good flats; steadily rented.
SEVENTH-ST. CORNER.
Seventh Kt.. close to Folsom; corner;
25xS0; ground rent $20 per month.
PAYS 12 PER CENT.
$2500 — good investment, close to Seventh and
Folsom sts. ; double 2-story housfl-; contains It)
rooms and basement; always rented; lot 25xS0.
PRICE $20,000— RENT $2300 PER ANNUM.
Northwest corner in Western Addition': 2 new
! buiidings, containing 5 flats. Just completed; all
rented: income $2300 per year; for sale at a
bargain; no reasonable offer refused; corner lot,
j 60x106:3.
NEW WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
— Page St.. ekise to town; 3 new ilats, all
rented for $80; sunny side of street; large lot.
CORNER INVESTMENT
— Very handsome, brand-new building,
just completed; rent $100; large corner lot: this
building contains 3 corner flats of 6 rooms and
bath, etc., each; very sunny nnd very attrac-
tive.
NICE COTTAGE IN RICHMOND.
$2300 — Fourteenth aye., near Clement tit.; con-
tains 6 rooms, bath and high basement; lot
I 25x137:6.
FILBERT-ST. COTTAGE.
$2000— A bargain; Filbert st., near Laguna;
contains 6 rooms and bath; also driveway and
stable; lot 25x137:6.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. ?
. 10 Montgomery st.
$5 MONTHLY . -:-t ;
$5 MONTHLY!
$.1 MONTHLY!
PARK LOTS. $275— PARK LOTS. $275.
PARK LOTS. PARK LOTS, $275.
On Bth, 9th. 10th and 11th' ayes.
South of and not a- great way from Golden
Gate Park.
Cheapest residence, lots or Investment lots
ever offered. ' ■ ' •"
Every lot is graded and ready for the build-
ers.
OVER 85 LOTS SOLD
IN SIX WEEKS.
• WHY?
Come out and see them and you will know
why they have sold so fast. Title perfect.
Don't wait, as they are going very fast. Get
diagrams from us, or at our brancn office, cor-
ner of II st. and 9tli aye., open daily (Sundays
and holidays included). Take H-st. electric
cars, which run to the Cliff House,' in place of j
the old steam dummy.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
. • 10 Montgomery st. I
■ Regulators of Prices In Sunset District.
1 A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly j
Call, in wrapper, for mailing. '
. COUNTRY HEAL ESTATE. -
$2 A YEAR for each acre, with privilege of
buying after 5 years; best land In State; An- t
telope, near Sacramento; a 10-acre tract will t
make you rich; plenty ■ water; best chance !
ever offered to get a -paying home. McEWEN
BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
■■ SAN RAFAEL— For rent, 5-acre tract, with |
i cottage, 5 rooms; suitable for chickens; $15.
| Address box 136. San, Rafael, Cal. ' ■ V
FdR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
Beautiful country home, Just ■ completed";
large frronruls and acreage adjoining If de-
sired; San Mateo Co. Address box BiS, Call. |
WANTED— Tenant for 5, IS and 500 acre ranch
at A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market St.
SONOMA County land; send for bargain list,
ANDREW PRICE, Healdabure. Cal.
FOR SALE— Country home of F. S. Wenain-
g*»r; 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises, Freestone. Sonoma Co. j
BARGAINS!— 3 20-acrt tracts; level, rich val- '
ley land; within 28 miles of Oakland; price j
way down. Box 731, Call office. I
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
I States, postpaid, for $1 SO a year.'
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
I J10.000— 20 ACRES prune orchard, Santa Clara
County, for flats '- cottage. ■ ■
$3100— 14tJ acres hay, grain and orchard, Shasta
[ County, for house and lot.
' $1000—80 acres new soil. Tehnma Co.. for lots.
$8(<0— 160 acres. Placer County, for lot*. ■
I $3."firt— House & lot In Alameda. for city prop.
' $6000— House and lot in Alameda, for Los
1 AriHflpn realty. ....."
,$4OO0 — 27 acres fine orchard. • Placer County,
1 for improved city or near by.
$C7r.O— so acres near Red Bluff, improved.
$3«io— ISO acres. Rogue River Valley, Ornpon.
$4000— acres. Fresno Co., for bouse and l»t. I
S.^T""— 227 acre*. Yuba Co., for house and lot.
flSflO -32 a.. Shasta Co.. for home or business.
CMC — acres. Placer Co.. lor house and lot. ,
$3500— 2<! acres," Lake Co., for Mouse and lot. I
$4<"<W — 80 acres, Lake Co., for house and ' tot. '
. $3500— House, 8 rooms, large lot, for much, - j
$15,000—3 houses, 5 lot*. Alameda, for ranch. I
$2800— Lot 75x150, in Alameda. for land.
$2000— 3 lots in Berkeley for land. •
2200 a. in Los Angeles Co., quantities to suit.
Ranches, in Contra Costa, Sonoma, Solano,
' Kapa. Santa Cruz and Alameda counties— sale
an.l exchange. * . - • .. .
R. B FALCONER, Bay Station. Atameda.
A SNAP— WiII exchange for city lot or sell
I cottage of 6 rooms, tiled bath, porcelain tub.
large conservatory, plastered basement: all |
modern improvements and tastefully decorat- !
ed; one block f ram two; car lines; &M cash I
wanted if sold, balance easy payments. . 918 j
Diamond st., near Twenty-fifth. .
I 3 FLATS to exchange for good ranch Or coun- |
try hotel; price $15,000.
2 flats to exchange for ranch; $6000. •
3 flats to exchange for hotel or ranch; 'price
$5000. P. KELLY. 461 Ninth St.. Oakland. .-■
I MAKE $300 a mo', per $100 capital, using Pal-
merston's Business Method of Playing Races;
can't lose: method ft Instruction* $5. PAL-
MERSTON CO:. 731 Sedgwick. Chicago. 111.
i $1200— TWO Oakland lots for fruit ranch; will
j assume mortgage., . X.. 660 Linden aye.. S. F.
! 615 LAHKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
MONEY TO LOAN. ,
TO LEND, RUMS FROM $.100 : TO $50,003. at
from C per cent on mortgage of real estate,
for a term of years, or redeemable by install-
ments. I
Money loaned on PATENTS, INVENTIONS
FINANCED and capital procured to DE-
VELOP AND PERFECT SAME.
'IS.' GOULD.
131 Montgomery St., San Francisco. . .
1 LOANS 011 furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land' or Alameda :at lowest .rates, without
I removal: no commission; no ' delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private Mace to ob-
• tain liberal- advances on diamond* and Jew-
elry at ' the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, room •(<><!. Parrott building. : ■
! LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. New Era Loan Co., lOOJ'4 Broadway.
Oakland. Hours. 10 to 3. *:, . , ■": :
! ON furniture, pianos, city, iir Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates; no commission: $25, up;
private party. BOXNKLLI. 120 Powell st.
ANY -nmount ' at PV4 per cent on ran 1 estate.' 2d
nnd 3d mortgages, 'estates, real estate In pro-
; bate." R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery; -rm.— S.
DIAMONDS, diamonds: highest nmoiim loaned,
lowest interest. UNCLE HARRIS, tS Grant ay.
$5000 IN sums to BUlt; reliable parties. 120 Ellis
St.." room ,4/ until Jan.yi.; :" - '• '• '■' ■ -V '
i BORROW from * the CUT-RATE : LOAN OF-
FICE. "2 Maeon St.". opp. Olympla Music Hall.
! ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission ; private. ; LICK. 116 ; McAllister < st.
SECOND mcrtgages ; and i undivided interests In
; estates a specialty.' MURPHY. C3C Market st.
I $50 TO $30.000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortar;'
I any proposition. Dryden,' 413 Montgomery st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 189 S.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O» BROADWAY.
; OAKLAND 11KAL ESTATE.
A— monthly will bay a new cottage and two
lots In the Alvln Tract; take Haywards loca)
train to Elmhuret, or Hay wards electric car
ta Jones aye. ; free , carriage ; meets . electric
cars Sundays. JACOB HEYMAN. 11 "Mont-,
gomery st., 4G3 Ninth St., ■ Oakland.
30 MINUTES from San Francisco;- * minutes
from station; In attractive neighborhood;
new residence, 7 rooms; strictly modern;
thoroughly constructed and finely finished;' lot
42x125; small payment and monthly . Install-
ments can be arranged. • HERON & \ HOL-
COMB. 1050 Breadway. * s ' .
2 NEW elewant flats, .furnished, good loca-
tion; fine for young . married couple. Apply
E. E. BUNCIC, 90S Broadway. ■■■;-.. '
OAKLAND FURMSHED HOUSES
S-ROOM house; clean, sunny; ! nice for two
families: one year. 615 Fifteenth. Oakland.
\KI AM> : ROOMS. . •■■ -.
C RJOMS, completely furnished for housekeep-
ing; convenient to steam and electric cars.
Addre»B W. R. HOAG. IPS Montgomery st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE: FOR HALE.
FURNITURE-Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
11 A AS' old store. 408 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT^
ALAHEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— W cents on th* dollar; one 5, one
6 and one 1 room cottage; also for Investment,
, two 2-story cottages; pay net 10 per cent;
best location. Apply to A. R. DENKE SR..
Webster-at. station, - narrdw-gauge. :
HOUSES built to order at your own prices and
on your own terms: call and see plans. J. H.
YOUNG. Builder, Ha Fark st.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
PRIVATE home la confinement; connected with
housekeeping apartments. MRS. DR. FUNKE,
14K Eighth St.. Alameda.
HERKCLCV REAL ESTATE.
ONLY $4000— A lovely modem : new home of 6
rooms, bath, laundry, etc. : elegantly finished
in curly redwood and cedar; a perfect ideal
. home, on electric car line and just a few min-
utes' walk to depot and University; by all
means come and see It at once: whole house
furnished with new and ' best of furniture,
which goes with house; must be sold; owner
going away.
We can sell you a lot near the Univer-
sity for only $«T>; 25x126: a snap. O. G. MAY
£ CO., 2123 Center St., Berkeley.
$6500— A FIRST-CLASS Investment; house of 1J
1 moms: near the university; thoroughly well
built; all the latest improvements; street
work all done; leased for. $50 net monthly.
: Apply to JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate,
Berkeley. "
FOR SALE— Fine place In the center of Berke-
ley for qhtcken ranch, mtlk ranch or home;
1 stx acres; house, barn, outhouaei. windmill
I end all improvements; pries $7000.
D. J. TOBIN. Real Estate Agent,
. .„ 2121 Stanford r>?aoe.
, BIRTHS— DEATHS. "
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at Hitter of the publication . offices and.be
indorsed, with the name and residence o-f per-
sons authorised to have the same published.
BORN.
; BRINCKMAXX-Ib this city, December IS,
EDS. to the wife of A. H. Brinckmann, a
daughter.
CORLEY— In Oplfdale, December 22, 1898, to
the wife cf J. H. Corley, a son.
DAVITT— In this city, December 22, IS9S, to the
wife of John B. Davitt, a son. ■
HARRIS— this city, December 20, IS9S, to
the wife of T. P. Harris, a daughter. .
HELM— In this city. December 18. 1898, to the
wife of Lucien E. Helm, a daughter.
HODGKINS— In this city, December 20, 1898, to,
1 the wife of T. Q. Hodgkins, a daughter.
j KNOLL— In thin 'city, December 19. 189S, to the
wife cf William Knoll, a daughter.
SPERRY— In . this ' city, to the wife of A. N.
: • Sparry, a son. '
WILLIAMSON— In this city, December 18, ISBS,
; . to the wife of George Williamson, a son.
MARRIED.
DESMOND— NICHOLSON— In this city," Decem-
ber 14. 1898, by the Rev. William Bollard of
Vallejo, Cornelius L. Desmond of San Fran-
i Cisco and Flora A. Nicholson of : Vallejo.
FOSTER— MCLAUGHLIN — Joseph Foster of
Sacramento and May McLaughlln of San
i Francisco. . •
HANSEN— PETERSEN— In East Oakland, by ,
. ■ the Rev. O. Oroen»t»ere, Vald«mar Kaasen 1
i and' Marie Petersen.
LEWIS— JONES— In this city, December 22. j
: IS9S, at the home of the bride, by the Rev. j
Jjohn A. B. Wilson. D.D.. John Walter Lewi.;
.. and Elizabeth Jones, both of San Francisco. j
; OLSON— O'CONNOR— In this city, December 14.
IR9B, by the ' Rev.' Father Stokes. Lewis T.
Olson /and Kate O'Connor, both of San Fran-
cisco. . '
THRELFALL —In , Oakland, De-
cember 15, 1898. by the Rev. A. K. Hathaway.
Thomas Jefferson Sellars and Lillian E.
Threlf all of Oakland. -
DIED.
Berry. Charles. A. Lucas, John
Brassil," Timothy B. Marvin, Marjorie
Brownly. Margaret Mocker, William
Cane, John C. Mora. Carlo
Cl&ccio, Antonio Mosch, John •
1 Cooper, Solomon Roberts. Caroline B.
Engle, Mary K. j , Schafer, Henry '
Handles, J. W. , Shepheard. Philij) S.
Hetneman. Minna . Sherman, O. D.
Hill, Frank I. Skur, John
Jahns. John H. Wall, August ;
Johnson. Florence G. Weil, . Solomon
Julian. Fanny Whfilan, Catherine
Keileher, Patrick Wickes. Alfred M.
Kennedy, Nell
BERRY— In the City and County Hospital, De-
cember 23. 1838, Charles Augustus Berry, a
native of Ohio, aged 55 years.
BRASSIL— In Crockett, December 23, ISSS."
' Timothy E. Brasstt, brother of Mrs. K. Casey,
i Mrs. P. Maloney and the late Mr*. Thomas
Walsh, a native" of B«HyloFHrford, County
K«rry, Ireland, aged 48 years. . :
' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
■ fully' invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), on the arrival of the 9:15 boat at
the foot of Market street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's ■ Church, where a requiem : high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of -his* soul.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. ■
BROWNLY— In the City and County Hospital,
' Deermn'?r 23, I<M.' Margaret Brbwnly, a na-
tive of New York, aged fiO years.
CANE— In this city, December 21. IS9S, John
' C, ''- beloved husband of Clare Mesgill . Cane,
father of Bessie Cane, son of John and the
late Elizabeth Cane, and brother of William
and Joseph Cane, i a native , of San Francisco,
aged *25 years. - • • .
CTFrlends -and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
'Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1325 Steiner street. Interment I. O. O.
;F.; F. Cemetery. . ; ,
CIACCIO— In this city, Antonio, beloved son of
Mr. and Mrs; Q. Clacclo, a native » of Italy,
aged 26 years and 23 days.
(C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited- to attend. the funeral Tuesday,
December 27, at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 571 Howard street , (rear).
COOPER— In thin city, Dcewmber 22, IS9S, Solo-
mon Cooper, beloved father of Mrs. : Sarah
'Levy and , Abraham. ,.: Joseph and Morris |
Cooper, a native of Russia, aged' SO years,
i Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this, day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from 409 Clementina
street.
ENGLE— In this city, December 24, 189S, Mary
Ellen, dearly beloved wife of Volney Enslc,
and mother of Frank T.. Lottie A., Charles
E. and Mary Edith Entrle. a native of. Penn-
sylvania, aged 4S years 2 months and 9 days.
C7Friends: and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), .at 2 o'clock,- from her late resi-
dence. 513 Fulton street, near Octavla. -
HANDLOS— thtß ; city, ' December IK, IS??,
"J. W.. dearly beloved husband of Theresa
Handlos. and father ; of Oscar Handlos. Mrs.
11. >. E. Van Sjckl^. Mrs. Royal Cottle and
Otto. Oswald. and 'Albert Handing/ a native of
I Germany, aged 78 years 'l month 22 days.
tr^Fripn.lH and acquaintances, are ; respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), nt 2 o'clock, from his ; late resi-
dence. 1571 Fifteenth street, between Mission
nnd Howard. Interment I. O. '.. O. F. Ceme-
tery. -■/ "-.' -. . '■ ■ ' . :-h - - '
HEINBMAN— In this city. December 23, . IS9S;
. Minna Heinertian, beloved » mother ■of ; Harry
M. Heineman and Helena Sz!apka of Phjenix-
vllle. Pa., ft native of Hanover, aged Si' years
and 8 months. ". : ". • -. ; >
■■ (CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral ; this day
. ■ (Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the residence,
■ lfilS'Hush ftroet. > Interment Home :- of ' Peace
. Cemetery, 'by -11 :30. o'clock tram from J Third
' nnd Townslend street. " ; : ■' . .
HILL—In : this city, . December 23, 1898, .' Frank
"1.," beloved son of the late Frank and Ellen
"* Hilt, and brother of Gertrude Hill, a native
of Pan Francisco.., -^ . ;
I C?'The-' funeral will take place this" day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from : 415 Van; Ness
avenue, thence to ; St. Mary's Cathedral, Van
Ness ; avenue, ,' for services. :-. , - .... ■ .
JAHNS— In Alameda. December. 20." IS9S.'; John
11., beloved husband of Emllle. Jahns, ;■ a na-
tive of 'Osnabruck,'-. Germany, aged 43 h years
*. 9. months i and ;14 ' days, y . ■ '■? ■•■- :■•: -.' - ; i;;
C7" Friends . and acquaintances ; are ; respect-
'- fully invited to attend the funeral services
this i!a;' (Sunday), at f 3:15 o'clock, at the
:.-. mortuary, chapel ;at '. Odd . Fellows' .. Cemetery,
i San » Francisco. ■ ... '. . .-... :■;.,.
JOHNSON— In this city, December : 24, <i 189 S.
,-'■ Florence Grace, beloved wife of Ellis : C.
■ '',-■*■ ■ . ' . ' '■■ ' . ■:.,•,"■•..■■ J ■ ;•'.
Johnson, and daughter of Dora and the late
Charles Steckler, a native of Jackson, Ama-
■ dor County, Cal., aged 29 years.
CTFuneral and interment private. ' ■
JULIAN— In this city. December 24, IS9S, Fanny
Julian, widow of the late H. J. Julian, a na-
tive of Nova-Scotia, aged. 69 years:,
KELLEHER-In Oakland, December 24, 1898,
Patrick Kelleher, beloved father of Richard
and William Kelleiver, a native of Chare-
ville. County' Cork, Ireland, aged 55 years
and 8 months. -. -, ' ' ; \
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
i James. McManus, Seventh and Castro streets,
Oakland, thence to the : Church of : the i Im-
maculate Conception, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of. his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment St.
. Mary's Cemetery," Oakland. . ; .
KENNEDY— In this city, December 24, • ISSB.
Nell Kennedy, late principal Rlncon Evening
: School, husband of Annie Kennedy, father of
Christina and Edgar Kennedy, and brother-
in-law of J. C. -Quinn and J. C. McCormick,
a native of Staffa, Canada, ased 55 years
and 6 months. (Nevada City papers please
copy.)
CTTYiends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from his late . resi-
dence, 4f1»5 Eighteenth street. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. • f '-''■■'. :
LUCAS— In this city, December 24. IS9B, John,
beloved husband of Mary M. Lucas, and
father of J. William, ' Lottie. Walter E. and
Katie Lucas, a native of Bromley-Kent, Eng-
land, aged 75 years. •■■■.■•'■•'.■
C^Puneral notice In Monday's papers.
MARVIN— In Seattle, December i 16. 1898, Mar-
jorie, beloved wife of C. E. Marvin, mother -
of Marjorie Marvin, daughter of j May and
the late Colin Mclntosh, and sister of Colin
' end J. F. Mclctosh and Mrs: A. W. Suther-
land, a native of Australia.-
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. folly Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, the resi-
dence of her moUier, 911% Treat avenue, near
Twenty-second street. Interment ■I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. .
MOCKER— his residence, 725 Golden Gate
j ■ avenue, December 24, 1898, William, beloved
husband of Marie Mocker, father of William,
Andrew and Edwin Mocker, Mrs. R. D. Rog-
ers, Mrs. Reuben Robinson and Mrs. C. C.
! Rivers, and brother of Rudolph Mocker and
Mrs. A. Thomsen. a native of Germany, aged
71 years and 1 month. A member ■of Her-
mann Lodge No. 127, F. and A. M.. and Har-
m ony Lodge No. 13. I. O. O. F.
••"• •= Notice, of funeral hereafter. »
MON A— ln this city, December 23, 1808, Carlo
Mona. beloved father of ■ Attflio Mona. and
I brother-in-law of G. L. and the, late Dr.
Rottanzl, a native of Switzerland, aged 07
! .years. ' - " ' -■
! MOSCH— In Oakland, December 24, 1898. John,
\ beloved • son of John Mosch. and brother of
' William and Ada Mosch, Mrs.'. A. Charrcrux
i. 'and Mrs. E. .Belrose, a native of California,
aged 28 years.
ROBERTS— December 24, 1898, Caroline 8.. be-
lorffd wife of R. S. 1 Roberts, mother of Julie,
Maurice and Joe Roberts, and sister of Mrs.
; - Sarah Harris and Abraham Citron, a native
of Poland, aged 50 years.
ITTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street, and thence
by train leaving Third and'Townsend streets
• at 11:30 o'clock. Interment New Salem Ceme-
tery. . -
BCHAFER —In Gilroy, December . 23, 1898,
Henry, beloved j husband of Mary Schafer,
, and father of D. H. Schafer, Dr. A. F. Scha-
fer and Mrs. R. M. Ryan, a native of Ger-
many.
"|C7"lnterment this day (Sunday), at San
Jose.- " ■ : •■
SHEPHEARD— In Oakland, December' 23. 1898,
at his residence, 676 Sycamore street, Philip
8., youngest son of the late Judge P. W. and
■ Rachel Shepheard. a native of San Francisco,
aged 34 years and 8 months.
• [tyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Trinity
Church, corner Bush and Gough streets. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains at
' parlors of A. W. Martin & Co., 118 Geary
1 ■ street. . . ■ ' ■ • . ■
i SHERMAN— In this clty.i December 24, IS9S,
i O. D., beloved husband or Amelia E. Sher-
man, and father of , Mrs. H. S. Dana, a na-
tive of Portsmouth, j R. 1., aged 76 years i 1
■ month and 1 day.
CyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
SKUR— In this city, December 24, 1898, John,
beloved husband of Mary Skur, a native :of
• Finland, aged 45- years.
WALL— In this city. December 24, 1898, August
Wall, a native of Sweden, aged 75 years.
WEIL— In Modesto, December 23, IS3B, Solo-
mon, beloved" son of Bernard and Fannie
| Weil, and brother of" Charles, Bertha. Jake,
Julius and Mabel Weil, a native of Chicago,
aged 23 years 11 month and 1 day.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
( Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
J. Weil, 1814 Pine street. Interment Hume of
Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets. • ; . ..-
WHELAN— In this city, December 24, 1838,
Catherine, beloved wife of -Daniel P.v.Whe-
. Lan, and mother of Richard I. and Thomas F.
' Whelan, Mrs. A, Sattler and Mrs. K. Tracey,
a native of Tipperary, Ireland, aged 65 years.'
ICyFrlends' and • acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from . her late resi-
dence. 220 Third avenue, thence . to St. Dom-
inic's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing . at 11 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. . ;,
WICKES— In this city, December' 24, T*riß,
Alfred Milton Wickes, a native of : Lyons,
Oneida County, N. V., aged 62 years 3 months
and 28 day*. ...... . ■
HENRY J. GALLAGHER C 0.,"
(Successors to Flanagan &' Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL:-ER3L
- » Fifth st, opposite Lincoln -.cUooi.
/. Telephone South 88. ' • . ■
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
Dr W L Bell, U S N |H T Gage, L Ang
M C Dreshfield. NY H W Campbell. Kswck
A G Mllbank. N V |M Murray. Louisville
; N Field, England IS J Kramers. Portland
H Emerson. Pa IE A Bennett. B C
J M Robertson. Ohio R H Sperling, B C
Mix* Zena. Alaska A W Brown, N V
Miss Stacia, Alaska A Seekamp, Mexico
M H Foley, St Paul S Hall, Alaw;
F A Figel. S Clara J E Nlhleln. Stanford
Mrs FLcel. S Clara ,T M" Fuller, N V
G W Rush. .Stanford H Hell & w. L, Ang
F S Fisher. Stanford Mr *. Mrs Thomas. Cal
II M Lansoerger, Ala R E Ht.;ele, Pescadero
W S Hubart, S Matf-o B U" Steinman, Sacto
Mrs Hobart. S Mateo H M Mclntosh. Chgo
GRAND HOTEL.
A Pennlngton, Uklnh , J A -Sayerg. Visalla
D C Brrnvn A w, <al W Pike, Fresno
0 Htraus, New York : P G de I'Entrclle, Cal
James Elder, Cal I C Gurstefeld <t w, Cal
R T Kennedy, Berkly ' Mrs E G White, Cal
W A Cowley, Benicla : X E i*haw. San Jose
E A Forbes, Cal It L Sandwtck, Cal
3 U Hitter, Healdslm* E D Williams Cal
J It Bradv, Alameda A G Page, Palo Alto
J D Schurff. t'ortland W H Hey wood. Cal
F O JelHson. Hornbhjk D C Clark, Sauta Cru«
C Baj-er it w. Cal !<> H Stewart, L Ang
A Mayne, Livingston Jt J Bellame, Ohio
Ed Casey. Cnl R de Sarvier. Orovllle
Aus Knab, Ohio
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
L Fox, NY E F Weaver. Martinez
A J Laux, Chgo W II Smith. Petaluma
M Feehan, San Jnse Mrs C E Harlow, Cbgo
J Rili»y, Callstoga J Alexander, Salinas
H Carlton. N T W Chirm. Portland
J Ferguson. Fresno V E Falmer. BTev
A P Johnson. Mass W Keeley, Sacto
g J Crooks. San Jose M Smith &w, Napa
A B»rg. Fresno I H Hanton, Goschen
C F Davis. L Ang
, .■..-,'. . » ■ .
LATE SHIPPING" INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, December 24.
Slmr Alliance, Hardwick, 8 days from Port
land, via Coos Bay and Eureka.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 64 hours from
Grays Harbor.
B'hr Ootama, Johnnlssen, 7 days from Coos
Bay.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Johannsen, 2 days
from Stewarts Point.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
HAVRE— Sailed Dec 24— Stmr La Gascogne,
for New York.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Dec 24— Stmr Nomadic,
for New Yortt ; atmr Aurania, for New York
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Dec 24— Stmr Paris
for New York.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Dec 24— Stmr Kensington
for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 24— Stmr Pretoria,
from Hamburg.
Hailed Dec 24 — Stmr Burgundia. for Mar
seilles: stmr La Bretagnc, for Havre; stmr
Btut°ndani, for Rotterdam; stmr Lucania, for
Liverpool; stmr Polatla, for Hamburg; stmr
Norjre, for Copenhagen .
Aguinaldo Compelling Spain to
"Make Good."
It will bo remembered that Aguinaldd
treated with the Spanish at his mountain
stronghold, Biacnanato. in the province;
of Bulaean, north of Manila,, on December
14, JW7, and arranged with tho authorities
to retire from the conflict on the payment
of a large sum of. money. The sum
agreed upon has often been asserted to
be $400,000, but a prominent member of the
revolutionary government recently as
sured me that the sum promised was
$600,000. of which Aguinaldo received
through bankers in Hongkong $200,
000, and has never been paid the balance
The fact that certain reforms which
Aguinaldo declared to have been promis
ed were not tarried out gave him a plau
sible excuse to take up arms again, and,"
td Judge from his actions since" he began
the new enterprise, he has not lost sight
of the opportunity of recovering from the
Spanish in one way or another the sum
still flue him. The same official who gave
me the information about the money
added that whenever a Spanish officer
came to treat with Agutnaldo during the
siege he was met by the question, "Did
you bring me that $400,000?" The reply
was naturally in the negative, and the
■ emissary was unceremoniously dismissed.
— Manila Letter to the London Times.
COMPENSATION
OF SAVAGERY
It Has Many Advantages
Over Civilization.
A STATE OF TRUE HAPPINESS
HEALTH, STRENGTH AND THE
JOY OF LIFE ATTEND IT.
How the Old Spanish Conquerors Ac
counted for Conditions That
Were Self Evi
dent.
In the pre-scientifle era savages were
regarded aa the happiest of mortals.
The Spanish conquerors admitted the j
fact, but they assigned It to the visible |
protection of devils. Cartler and Drake
and Raleigh agreed that men lived in
America as in the Golden Age. Cook
was perplexed by the felicity of those
very sinful islanders of the South Sea.
Rousseau built his theory of human
rights upon the innocent happiness of
primeval man, and Voltaire wrote a
tale, famous in its day, with this motif.
Our Johnson would have none of it, of
course, and presently the reaction set
in. It was proved by deductive argu
ment that the savage is a miserable
creature— sad, weakly, a prey to dis
ease; in all respects inferior to civilizea
man. There are plenty of people who
hold this view still, though the wise
have ceased to rely on deductive argu
ments in matters of the sort. It is
comforting for humdrum townsfolk to
believe that those who dwell, seemingly
without a care, amid the glories of the
tropics are really far worse off than
themselves. To envy — though uncon
scious — I attribute the ready acceptance
and the obstinate survival of state
ments which are only true, in fact, of
a tiny percentage among the savage
peoples, if at all.
It is allowed even to a proverb that
the supreme compensation for misery
| is health, and so this is denied in the
tirst place. But it may be asserted
roundly that every disease of an epi
demic character by which savages are
afflicted has been introduced by white
men. The Hottentots were almost the
lowest; very few of them remain now.
In 1674, when they abounded, a terrible
unknown malady assailed them, and
Governor Goske drew up a report upon
the subject. It states that the Hotten
tots did not suffer from any particular
disease until the arrival of Europeans.
Many reached a great age. Famine
lessened their numbers periodically, but
it was not attended by fever; this is
striking testimony to their soundness
of constitution, for the consequences of
dearth generally claim more victims
than the dearth itself. We have de
populated whole countries with small
pox, measles, scarlet fever, consump
tion, and I know not how many
plagues, but has it ever been alleged
that the poor savage imparted one to
us? The origin of leprosy is mysterious,
even if we agree upon the form of dis
ease so described, but all the, white per
sons who have ever taken it in India,
China and South Africa could be count
ed in hundreds only, perhaps in scores.
Rheumatism is hardly known among
the peoples who go naked, affections of
the nerves being quite unknown. Even
toothache will rarely be heard of, still
more rarely seen.
But the most efficient tests of general
health are tine build, muscular strength
and readiness of the flesh to heal under
injury. Upon each of these points the
evidence is overwhelming in favor of
savages. There are races of low stat
ure among them, as throughout the
far East, but Rajah Brooke could find
plenty of his subjects under 5 feet 3
inches in height why would hold their
own in a trial of strength against Eu
ropean athletes. Joke, the Kennowit
[ warrior who carried Walter Watson in
a chair seven miles over a jungle path,
with one halt of ten minutes, was very
little over 5 feet. Watson weighed fully
sixteen stone — I knew them both. But
most of the savage tribes show a stat
ure and a chest equal to those of Eu
ropeans, when not superior. Humboldt
pronounced the Indians of the Orinoco
the finest, specimens of the human race.
Of their neighbors on the Amazon Wal
lace says: "The development of the
chest Is such as I believe never exists
in the best-formed Europeans, exhibit
ing a splendid series of co-nvex undula
tions, without a hollow in any part of
it." In spite of drink and degradation
the physique of the Indians in the
United States is still above the average
of whites. The Zulu is almost becoming
a proverb for superb development, but
other Kaffirs equal him, and the biggest
group c-f men I ever saw were bastard
Griquas, belonging to some nomadic
families, encountered when I lost my
; way on the veldt by Campbell Grounds.
j But the most tremendous creatures in
I my experience are Kroomen. In aver-
I age height they do not equal the Pa
| puan giants of New Guinea, hut their
I breadth of shoulder is almost a de
formity.
Power of muscle ia not necessarily a
sign of health, but it demands a note.
Drake was a cool-headed man and
truthful above all, but he wrote that
the Indians of California are "common
ly so strong of body that that which
two or three of our men could hardly
bear one of them would take upon his
shoulders and without grudging carry
it easily away, up hill and down hill,
an English mile together." One is em
barrassed by the choice of testimony as
to the muscular powers of the negro,
and in truth it is not required, for every
one has friends somewhere in Africa. I
have mentioned the astounding feat of
the Dyak Joke within my own knowl
edge; the present Rajah Brooke and
Mrs. McDougall refer to it in their
books. But other Dyaks saw nothing
wonderful In the achievement. Hum
boldt weighed the loads of ore which
Indian serfs carried to the surface from
a vast depth underground in Mexico.
He himself was tired for the day with
one journey, empty-handed. But those
Indians brought up 240 to 380 pounds or
stone every time, and they worked
without a pause from dawn to sunset.
Humboldt's observiUions on the absence
of dwarfs, hunchbacks and deformed
persons in general among the Indians
of America, and their length of life, are
to the point. I have no room for details;
perhaps the editor will allow me to
deal with them another t*me. Briefly,
however, deformities are very rare
among all savages, and Humboldt will
not admit the easy explanation that
children so afflicted die in infancy; but
of course he speaks only of the Indians
he studied. As for length of life, there
is plenty of evidence. I refer the reader,
for instance, to a most interesting re
port issued by the Native Department
of Cape Colony in 1875, summarized by
Mr. Theal in his history, since I have
not space to quote it.
But to my mind the clearest proof of
vital force is shown in the rapidity and
ease with which savages in general re-
I cover from hurts that would be fatal
! to white men. My attention was drawn
to this matter In youth, when I saw a
Chinaman in hospital who had loaded a
gun with fragments of a broken bottle
and discharged it into his chest, be
cause the keeper of the opium den re
fused him more credit. Since that time
I have been noting evidence when it
chanced to come before me, but it will
be better to use the statements of au
thorities here. Dr. Junker tells how a
courier in the Soudan crawled Into
camp with his stomach laid open, hav
ing been attacked when asleep. A com
rade replaced the contents and bound
him up. "To my great surprise the
wound was almost completely healed In
a few days." Carl Bok saw a Malay
with a piece of his skull cut off— the
brain was bare. They tied on the frag
ment with a dressing of serpents" fat,
and "In three weeks he was all right;
a European would have been three
years or more. If he had lived." A
similar case was attested by Bisho^
McDougall, M.D. After an action with
pirates one of them was brought on
board with the top of his head sliced
off, adhering only by a morsel of skin.
The Bishop lifted it and made a brief
but intere*ting observation of the
brain; it did not seem worth while to
treat a hopeless case when there were
so many wounded. At the evening
meal, however, he saw this man eating
rice among the crew, with a. bit of rag
to hold his skull together. In a few
days the skin had joined all round.
The Rev. Mr. Pritchard, to whom
anthropology and folk-lore owe so
much, declared that "wounds which in
a white man would quickly bring on
inflammation and even mortification in
these Samoans are healed by simple
daily bathings and cleanliness." A
youth was shot through the chest near
his dwelling. "As he breathed the air
seemed to come from the wound." But
"in ten weeks he was as well as ever
he was." The good man did not under
stand this at all; it cannot be said that
we understand now, but wide experi
ence has taught us that it is the rule
with savages. Of the Soudanese Sir
Charles Wilson wrote: "These negroes
are really like bits of indiarubber. It
is perfectly extraordinary to see how
they bear wounds and how rapidly they
heal up." And Captain Younghuaband
wrote in Chitral: "There is no doubt
Asiatics stand wounds inflicted by a
sword or bullet infinitely better than
Europeans. A wound that would kill
a European, or at any rate lay him up
for months, affects these hardy and ab
stemious mountaineers in a very much
less severe manner. Imagine having
the whole lock of an exploded gun
blown into one's shoulder and going
about as if nothing had happened.
Such lock was cut out by our surgeons
several months after. They report mar
velous cases of recovery," etc.
Health, strength and long life are
some of the compensations of savagery.
—Pall Mall Gazette.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CYCLOPS— M. 8., City. You can find a
picture of Cyclops in illustrated books
on mythology.
SNOW IN SAN DIEGO— T. H. L..
Jamestown, Cal. Snowflakes fpll in the
city of San Diego. CalUornia, during the
storm of January 15, 1882.
FIVE DOLLAR PIECES— F. E., Eure
ka. Cal. There is no premium offered for
$5 pieces coined after 1834. Dealers offer
coins of that denomination coined in 1845
for $7 50.
WORCESTER HOTELS— B. T.. City.
This department cannot give the desired
information about hotela in Worcester,
Maps., as such record is not obtainable
in this city.
QTICHARD— B., Oakland. Cal. R. Gul
chard was never a United States Senator
from the State of Louisiana. This depart
ment is unable to inform you if Guichard
ever held any office in that State.
SCANDINAVIAN PAPER— J. W. J..
Button Willow, Cal. Ther» is published
in San Francisco a Scandinavian paper
called the Hrvalska Sloga. A letter di
rected to the paper will reach the editor.
VOTE FOR GOVERNOR— R. M. 8.,
Golden Gate, Cal. The number of votes
for each candidate for Governor in Cali
fornia November 8. IS9B, was given in the
official account published in The Call De
cember 14, 1898.
THE AMENDMENTS— W. W. P., Santa
Ynez, Cal. The fate of the constitutional
amendments at the recent election in
California cannot be determined until the
official figures are given out by the Secre
tary of State.
FOREIGN STAMPS— B. T., City. If
you desire to obtain uncanceled postage
stamps with the lf>ast inconvenience to
yourself, place your order with some re
liable stamp dealer and he will secure
; such stamps as you may desire.
MALE AND FEMALE-J. G., City.
There are no official figures as to the male
and female population of the United
States at this time other than those of
the census of 1890. Thee show that there
were 30,057,880 males and 30,554,570 females.
A WAR SHIP-J. M. 8., Florin, Cal.
There are no published figures which "tve
the cost of maintaining each individual
1 war ship of the United States navy for a
month or a year. Such information might
possibly be furnished by the Navy De
partment. ,
THE REGULAR ARMY-O. 8., City. A
man who enlisted in the regular army
during the recent war enlisted for a Stated
period, and he cannot demand to be dis
charged because the war is over. He can,
after a stated time, purchase his dis
charge eat of the service.
THEATRICAL MATERIAL— W. E. W.,
City by the Sea, Cal. The question asked
i is not one of general Interest, consequent
ly cannot be answered in this department.
Had you sent a self-addressed and
stamped envelope for answer it would
have been sent to you before this.
LOCOMOTIVE ENGINEER-O. J.,
City. The length of time that a young
man would have to serve as an appren
tice, or more, properly a fireman, on a
train in order to become a competent lo
comotive engineer would depend on the
aptitude of the young man and the
amount of time he would devote to study.
CYRANO— L. F. H. and M. S., City.
"Cyrano <\c Bergerac" was written by a
Frenchman, first producted at a French
theater and by French actors. In the
theater where first produced Cyrano was
pronounced as an American ■would pro
nounce ' seerano without dividing tne
word into syllables. _
ADDRESSES— B. M. 8., City. Letters
intended for the following named should
be addressed Mark Twain, Hartford,
Conn.; Naval Constructor R. P. Hob
son, Rear Admiral Sampson and W. S.
Schley, Washington, D. C. The letters
addressed to the last named will be for
warded to destination.
WHO WROTE IT?-F. R. S., Vallejo.
Cal. This correspondent wants to know
who wrote:
The sun had put his night cap on
And covered o'er his head,
When countless stars appeared amid the
curtains
Round his bed.
POLITICAL SYSTEM-XXXCV, Oak
land. The question asked was answered.
1 This department cannot enter into a con
troversy with a correspondent who thinks
that the answer does not coincide with
his own ideas of what the effect of the
war was on the form and spirit of the
political system of the United States.
THE CENTURY— Two Subscribers. The
nineteenth century will end at 12 o'clock
midnight. December 31, 1900. It takes 100
years to make a century and as the cen
tury commences with 1 It follows that 100
years have to elapse before a new one
commences. The twentieth century wfll
commence with the year 1901 and will close
with the year 2000.
THE GOLDEN NOSE— S., City. The
man with a golden nose was Tycho
Brahea, Danish astronomer, who lost his
nose in a duel with one Passberg in Wlt
temberg, Germany, where he lived for a
short time after 1565. For the lost organ
he ingeniously contrived one of gold that
fitted so admirably and was so naturally
colored that but few could have detected
that it was artificial.
THE KENO CASK— J. B. H. ( Sacra
mento, Cal. There was no decision In the
keno case tried In Oakland some time ago.
The case was heard In the Police Court,
bat It was dismissed .by H. A. MeTvln,
the prosecutor, for the following reasons:
On trial of the case the Jury stood eleven
for not guilty and one for guilty; Judge
Lorfgan's decision in San Jose that keno
Is not a game of chance; that an Oregon
decision is on the same lines, and. finally,
the impossibility of securing a. conviction,
A STAMPED ENVELOPE— T.. City. •.
"When' a person writes to another asking
for :an autograph it Is proper that the
writer should .inclose a self -addressed
stamped envelope. It is not fair to sup
pose that a person will do you a favor ana
then pay postage for doing that favor. In,
cities where there is a free delivery sealed
or unsealed letters must bear a two-cent
stamp. When ; only a . one-cent stamp 18 ,
affixed the party receiving the letter 'i» ;
obliged to pay one cent due. >
MOVING A BRICK BUILDING— R-. I
Antioch. This correspondent wants to;
know If there ever was a brick building
moved ■ in San "Francisco without be
ing taken down. He is Informed that in '
1865 or 1866 at t^ie time that Kearny street
was widened, south of Broadway, : from
45:5 to 75 feet, a three-story brick struc
ture on the southwest corner of Kearny
and Pacific streets was moved from the
old line to the new line of the street, and
the building. stands there yet. Hydrosta
tic power was used to put the building I
back. : ■;■: - . ... -; ■
EXPECTORATING— A:' S., City. It Is
not the duty of the Superintendent of
Streets: to enforce the . ordinance against j
expectorating ;on the sidewalks of San
Francisco. It is the duty of | the police*,
to enforce that law. but it is not to be ex
pected that a policeman can note every :
one on his beat who violates that law.
As a rule those who; violate it do not do'
so when there is a policeman in ; sight..
If you are a citizen you would have the
.right to arrest any such violator and turn
him over to the first policeman you would 4
meet. - ___l_i____.
COUNTING IN CASINO— N. N., City. j
If in a game of casino G has 8 points to
go and S has but 3 points to make, and It
should appear that on the last deal G has
cards, spades, litue casino and three aces,
and S has big casino and one ace. G wins
the game, as he has the right to count
first by reason of having cards. The
count is in the following order: Cards,
spades, big casino, little casino, aces and
sweeps. In case no cards are out— that is,
each party having an equal number—
one who 'has spades counts first, and it
he has enough points to carry him out he
wins. ;••""■'." . ; ■'
BACHARACH— S.. City. Bacharach \is
a red wine, so -called, from: a. town of the
same name in the. Lower Palatinate. Nu
remberg obtained its freedom at the price
of four casks of this wine a year. The
word Bacharach means the altar of Bac
chus. The altar referred to was a rock
in the bed of the river which Indicated
to the vine growers what sort of a year
they Tnlght expect. If the head of the
rock appeared above water it meant that
the season would be a very dry one, and
that a fine vintage might be looked for;
if not. it meant a wet season, bad for the
grapes- -.-.; .'■ --■ .-""-.-
WAR TAX-G. L. City. What is
known as* the war revenue tax law says:
"Bank check, draft or certificate of de
posit not drawing interest, or order for
any sum of money urawn upon or issued
by any bank, : trust company, persons,
companies or corporations, at sight or on
demand, 2 cents. r
"Promissory notes, except bank notes
issued for circulation, and for each re
newal of the same for a sum not exceed
ing $100. 2 cents; for each additional JIOOV
or fraction thereof. 2 cents."
The party who draws the check is the
one who places the stamp on it.
RUDYARD KIPLING— R.. Philo, Cal.
Rudyard Kipling was born in Bombay,
India, in 1865. His father was John Lock
wood Kipling, for many years head of the
Mayo School of Industrial Art at La
hore; also curator of the Government Mu
seum. Rudyard was sent to a prepara
tory school in Lancashire, and after
spending some years in school at
Westward ■ Ho, in Devonshire, he went,
back to India in 1880 as sub-editor, of the
Lahore Civil and Military Gazette. , His.
only profession has been that of writing 1
for the press. After writing many of the
poems that have ; made him famous he
settled with his bride in Brattleboro, Vt.,
and -■- devoted . himself to writing - short
stories. .__ _
TO JOIN THE NAVY— O. X., City.
Having I been informed that you \ cannot
join the navy because you are not a citi
zen, and being a minor and still desirous
of joining, you had better declare your
intention to become . a citizen under the
following provisions of the naturalization
laws, and then you can join:
Any alien under the age of 21 years .who ha»
resided. in the United States three years, next
preceding his arriving- at that age, and who
has continued to reside therein to the time
he may make application to be admitted a citi
zen thereof, may, after he arrives at the ago
of 21 years, and after he has resided five years
within ' the United . States, including the three
years of his minority, be admitted as a citi
zen. ;•.-.-
POPULATION OF GERMANY—
City. The population of the' German.
Empire Is given in 1895, the latest figures
published, as 52.246.559, divided as follows:
Prussia. 31,849,795; Heligoland, 2088; Bava
ria, 5,787,414; Saxony, 3.883,014; Wurtem
| berg. 2.050,595; Baden, 1,725.470; - Hesse,
I 1,039,388: Mecklenburg-Schwerin, 596.833;
j Saxe-Weimar, 338.887; Mecklenburg-Stre
litz. 101,513; Oldenburg. 373,739; Brunswick,
431.936; Saxe-Meininger. 234.005; Saxe-Alten
burg, 1S0.012;, Saxe-Coburg and Gotha,
216.624; : Anhalt. 293,193: Schwarzburg-Son
dershausen, 78,248; Schwarzburg-Rudolf
stadt, 83.590: Waldeck, 57,982; I Beuss (older
line"). 87,454: (younger line), 131,469;
Schaumbur.er-Llppe. 41.224: Lippe. 134,617;
! liUbeck, 83,324; Bremen. 195.278; Hamburg,
I 861,632; Alsace-Lorraine. 1,550,986. .
IN SCOTLAND— C, City. By an act of
1594 a local -government ' board was ■ con
stituted for Scotland, its president being
the Secretary of Scotland, that office
being now filled by Right Honorable Lord
Balfour of Burleigh, ' appointed June \ 28,
1895. Scotland has seventy-two represen
tatives in the House of Commons and six
teen peers in the House of Lords. At the
time of the Union (1707) the Scottish
church . and the judicial system were | left
intact. Scottish- law differs in many nota
ble < respects from that .of England. The
high court of justice includes a court of
sessions }. for :cH'il cases and a high' court
of justiciary for criminal offenses. The
inferior jurisdiction is exercised by Sheriff
courts, by borough magistrates -and Jus
tices of the Peace (bailies). '
. LEANING TOWERS— R., Philo, Cal.
According to one account the leaning
j tower at : Pisa is 175 . feet | high ; according ;
I to another it Is. 179 feet, and according, to
I a third 183 feet. One asserts that it leans
11%: feet and: if the cornice is included
13 feet; another says . 13. feet, and "' the
other 14 feet. This Is a case where you
have all " the : figures - and ' you can take
your choice. .. At Bologna, Italy, luera
are : two . towers that lean, one, Torre ' dl
Aslnelli, ; 272 feet . high, which leans a feet =
from the perpendicular, and the other.
Torre -di Garisende, 138 feet high, and : 9
feet off the perpendicular. One ; account •
says ; that these -towers, which are I nea>^
each other, lean toward each other, whil»
another account embellished with a pho- :
togravure, - shows that they " lean from
each other.' At Esle in Venltla there is a,
Romanesque -bell- tower that is 12 "fee*
out of plumb, but the height is not given.
The. tower of the church of San Nicolo ::?
Pisa has a slight: but perceptible incli
nation: the church tower of San-Benedeto
at Farrara, Italy, and the clock tower of
the ; palace of tn. Venetian Governor / at
Padua, s slope. In ; Venice -' the slender
tower '■ of ; the church of : San Gregorio v del
Grechi slopes visibly.
, CAR HOUSES— V., City. The follow
ing Is r a list of the car houses in . San :
Francisco: ; Valencia street I line, Valen
[ cia' street near Mission; McAllister" street :
line, : power house. - Fulton V. street;
' Haight ■ street line,, Haight . street, near
j Stanyan ; : Castro street line,' Castro street,
I near Jersey; • Hayes street : line, " Hayes
I street, near - Baker; , Mission street, ■ Fol
! som street, Bryant • street, Kearny street," 1
i and ,'. Twenty-second 5 street - lines, Mission
1 street, near Twenty-ninth; Howard street 3
! and ». Post 2 street -'•- lines. Tenth and - How- :
ard streets; Ellis street, Eddy street, 1 Fill
more street;'' Park - and . Ocean lines, Turk \
and *v Flllmore T streets; Kentucky. street
line, Solano street line and Third street
line, Kentucky % street, near, Butchertown ; I
Geary street line; Geary ■"■<. and Buchanan
streets ; > Sutter : street - line, ' Sutter * and
I Polk streets; a California ; street line . ? and
i Hyde ■ street ~ line, '^ California < and - Hyde "
' streets; Sacramento street line and Clay
I street line. • Sacramento street *. and ■ Cen
tral = avenue'; '-■-•> Union • street v ; line, * Union
street, near ; Hyde; ■ Powell -street line,
! Washington ft and - Mason ; streets ; Sutro ;
i line, "- Point Lobos road, " and California
; street steam' line, California street, new
| Central ; avenue. ;;
1516
LEES DREAMS
WHILE GREEN
CLOTH WEARS
GAMBLERS STILL PLY
THEIR TRADE.
The Chief Proud Over His Feat of
Stopping the Loss of Nickels, but
Twenties Still Go a=Glimmer=
ing — Ingleside Games.
CHIEF LEES made a valiant effort
to redeem himself from the impu
tation of fossilism yesterday.' and
succeeded so well that his opinion
of the head of the Police Depart
ment of San Francisco has in
creased a hundredfold.
The tale of the Chief's great raid on
the gambling dens of the city will doubt
less form an important chapter in the
history of the many similar deeds of valor
In which the venerable officer has figured
during his forty years on the force when
One of the Studhorse Poker Games in Operation Near the En
trance to the Ingleside Track..
he favors an impatient public with the
promised volume. But whether it finds a
place in history or reposes restfully on the
pages of the prison register the Chief has
been redeemed. He has dumfounded his
critics and struck a blow at the wicked
violators of the law that will make his
name a terror to evildoers from this time
iorward.
The Chief did notgo after faro, craps,rou
lette or stud horse poker games. Not he. lie
was looking for bigger game— something
more commensurate with his importance.
The smaller fry of the Police Department
i^ supposed to look after games of the
character referred to, but when the su
preme Chief of all who wear the blue
uniform, including the immortal fife and
drum corps, goes into action he wants to
do something that will .send his name
echoing down the corridors of time.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ECZEMA baby
v wmmimi i ■"■■'l
Whole Body a Mass of Sores.
Doctor Could Not Cure.
Tried CUTICURA.
Speedily Cured. Now Fine Hair
And Clear Skin.
Our baby at the age of four months was
sickly, and broke out with Eczema on his face
and body. He was a mass of scabs. The doc-
tor could not cure him. One day I saw your
advertisement in the newspaper, and I got
Cuticura Remedies at once. I used one box
of CuTicrjßA 'ointment), one bottle of Cuti-
cura Resolvent, and three cakes of Cuti-
cira Soap, and he teas cured. Ho is now
seventeen months old, weighs 46 pounds, and
has the finest head of hair and clearest skin
you would want to see. LOUIS BENZIXGER,
Feb. 3, 1898. 2750 Bth Aye., New York City.
ECZEMA ON LEG CURED
BY CUTICURA ,
I had a sore on the upper part of my leg that
three doctors called Eczema. Such pain I
never experienced in all my life. I read in
the papers of Cuticura Remedies, and I
bought the Cuticura Resolvent, Cuticura
Soap, and Cuticura (ointment).
The first time I used them was before I went
to bed, and I slept more that night than I had
for two weeks before, and from that time on
it got better, and to-day it is entirely gone. •
•Feb. 3, 1898. . C. BUNKEL, Mount Joy, Perm.
Cpticura
Spkedt Ccbi Treatmsxt ro« all Beis i
Blood Humoks. Warm bitbi with COTiccitASOAr,-
gentle anointings with Citiccka (ointment), purest of
(moUienttkln caret, and mild ioiesof Cdticcba Hisol-
wit, greateet of blood purifiers »nd humor cure*. "
Sold throut hout the world. Poitkk Deuo asd Ch ex.
Corp.. Sole Propt , Botton. '
or " How to Cart the Wont Ecitmi," mailed free. -
So the Chief started out yesterday to
gather in the nefarious devices known as
nickel-in-the-slot machines. He issued
his orders early in the day, and soon all
the patrol wagons in the central part of
the city were galloping through the
streets, filled with officers armed with
authority to confiscate any and every
machine they could lay their eyes on; and
they did. By noon the returns began to
come in. Wagon after wagon load of de
vices for robbing an unsophisticated pub
lic of its nickels arrived at the City Hall,
until ir Ijfefcan to be a serious problem
what to do wifh them.
The Chief rubbed his hands and puffed
out his chest like a pouter pigeon, as the
! evidence of his triumphant vindication
| was spread before his eyes.
But while the head of the Police Depart
ment was rounding up slot machines and
trying to keep awake the gambling com
i munity continued to do business at the
old stand. No one was surprised at the
sudden activity of Chief Lees or the suc
cess of his great raid. They knew he was
capable of great things in that line, for
! had he not said .so time and time again?
The professional gamblers, the men who
; make a living by operating games, barred
by law, got wind of the Chiefs sudden
: awakening early in the day and scurried
j for cover. They well knew they could not
continue business while his eagle eye was
roaming the horizon without certain dis
covery, and although his crusade was
really directed, not toward them, but
toward the terrible slot machines, they
could not be certain as to the outcome
and thought it be3t to be on the safe
side.
Of course those who were extremely
anxious to separate themselves from their
money by "bucking the tiger" did not find
great difficulty in finding accommodating
gentlemen ready and willing to turn an
honest penny. Out at Ingleside. for in
stance, a gambler has tvo "stud" games
going. These have been in operation for
some time as adjuncts to the bigger game
in the Palace Hotel. The play at these
smaller games yesterday was not heavy
! owing to the fact that the usual patrons
were downtown buying Christmas pres
ents.
It is not to be expected, of course, that
the aged and withered Chief of Police
should go so far from home to seek law
breakers, or that his penetrating gaze
could fathom the doings of unregenerated
sinners at that distance. Even his famous
charger would probably buck if asked to
carry his master on such a long journey,
even to serve a good cause, especially us
the beast shares the Chief's liking for the
applause of the crowds, and there would
be no cvrowds out there to see and ad
mire them.
Possibly, if the Chief does not fall into
another trance immediately and dream
of past deeds, he may delegate one or
I more of his subordinates to beard the
I tiger at Ingleside in the course of a few
days, but it Is feared he may be so thor
oughly imbued with the greatness won
by yesterday's mafmifieent work that he
wiil not come down to earth again be
fore the dawn of the new year.
It was suggested that the Chief march
to the vicinity of the nest of the dens in
the neighborhood of the track at the head
of his fife and drum corps and gather
in a few of those who persist in defying
his authority, but the suggestion was not
received with favor at the City Hall, 'me
objectors argued that the drum corps was
not mounted and therefore could not ac
company the beloved Chief. It was also
intimated that the followers "of the Chief
would not listen to any proposition for
a single-handed attack by the Chief, for
the reason that they feared if he got so
far from the City Hall he might not be
able to find his way back, and the very
thought of the calamity that would over
take the city should anything of the kind
occur caused every one present to shud
der in apprehension.
If Chief Lees will mount his charger
and gallantly lead his corps of "musical
dispensers," 1. c., the fife and drum ag
gregation, out by the land where the
ponies canter— the neighborhood of Ingle
side race track— he will draw from the
fascinating side of the gaming table many
of San Francisco's blooded sports, and
more "touts" and "rubbers," who are
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 189b.
willing to, for the moment, forsake the
goddess of chance and graze upon the
form of him whose assumed ignorance or
deplorable senility permits them to ply
their illegal vocation — that of gambling
on the green cloth for a livelihood and
perhaps gain.
At Ingleside a drunken, shameless mob
loiters in the evening, and if no quarrel
or reeking fight comes off to entertain
them they hover round the green cloth
and wager on the "buried" card, the de
mon that leads to wealth or ruin in the
little game called "stud." •
'Tis true that piles of gold no longer
grace the tables of Ingleside's gambling
Tooms. but the silver of many an honest
laborer finds its way to dishonest pock
ets in the back rooms of those unsightly
"gin mills." If the law was heeded many
a Christmas meal would have been the
happier for the money earned to buy a
feast would not have bought whisky for
the low-browed game keepers of the rac
ing district. Game keepers feasted in con
sequence, and perhaps wearied mothers
wept because hunger was their fortune
and the fortune of theirs.
No games were running last evening out
at the Ingleside district, but the watch
man of the great track was serious when
he said that he who searched long for a
game could go home— without his money,
but by way of exchange with the knowl
edge that he had been robbed.
Opposite the main entrance of the great
racing course is a saloon, known as the
"Paragon," the property of one Schnlder.
Last night its back rooms were vacated;
no light shone from their windows to wel
come the passing "sucker." It was also
last night that no game augmented the
cash in the saloon till. This was explained
by the proprietor of the establishment,
who stated that the "stud game" In his
establishment only ran day timefc. say be
tween 10 a. m. and S p. m., when such
sports as Horsemen McHenry, McLean
and McCreedy, "the invincibles," sat in
and carried off good stakes.
"My son knows all about the game,
said the aged proprietor last evening,
"and if he was here he could tell you all
about how to go about getting into the
game. It's kind of close, as certain things
make a close game necessary, but not al
together necessary, you know, as there
are other games down town, you know,
and we are as good as people down town,
you know; see?"
Such is the confession of the proprietor
of "The Paragon," but others made con
fessions in hopes that he to whom the
confessions were made might have money
and return. Down the line from the
Paragon are a few little "places for the
weary" that also run games. There is
also one that doesn't run a game, but its
proprietor • contemplates opening 1 one.
George Ichler is the proprietor of the lat- !
ter establishment, and last evening his
bartender, if indeed it was not George
himself, was in a communicative frame
of mind.
"I'm going to open a game next sea
son," he said, "because I think I can
make money and kind of help the boys
spend their money, you know. Things
didn't go right this season, but there is
always a time coming.
"How about the police? Well, you know j
us well as I do that the police know things
and other things. How about the Cafe
Royal? Don't they drop a few dimes there
through the 'pussy' in the course of a i
week or so. Well, I guess. I'm going to
drop a few dimes through mine, too. *ne
police know that I'm next, and if they
object to my game — well, I'll squeal, or
at least say I'm going to squeal. That
will settle the police; see?"
Such is the story of this genial bar
keeper, and farther down the line is an
other saloon— one conducted by E. San
delin anil G. O. Jacobsen.
"We don't run no games here day
times," said the barkeeper, "but we do
nights. I don't know what the boys play;
anything with cards, I guess. There is no
game to-night, but come again when all
the gang isn't downtown celebrating and
I guess you can get in, 'cause they ain't
particular if you'se got the dough,
again. Sorry they hain't got no game
running this eve. Merry Chris and not
old time during the new calendar." Such
is the tale of another saloon-keeper and
gambler.
Summed up. the story of the sharks of
the Ingleside district is that gaming runs
unrestricted in that quarter, although po
lice are constantly in the neighborhood, if
not resting their- weary limbs on the
shaded stoops of the resorts. One man
acknowledges that he runs his games
daytimes, another that after the sun has
set those who worship at the shrine of
the fickle goddess of chance hie to his
tables, another that he intends to open
si game next season, as he is "next and
the police can't jolly him, as he is wise
as to how things are working in the inte
rier."
So it goes. While money lasts those
who have it may play over the green
cloth to win or lose. No one need fear
police interference, for if the Chief
dreams so also dreams his satellites and
law is n<> law.
The cheaper class of gamblers — fre
quenters of the Barbary Coast and the
Latin quarter— have long ceased to enter
tain much fear of police interference. The
Italians along Broadway are always
ready to start a game of sanguinetti
whenever enough players are gathered in
a saloon. R. Alligretti's place at 212 and
Vennucci's, at 220, have been notorious
gambling houses in past years, and the
proprietors have by no means reformed.
They do not keep a game going contin
ually, as in the oast, not because tK ■•
dread a police raid, but rather because
of lack of customers. But in these places
—as in many other saloons in that neigh
borhood—gambling is indulged in when
ever a crowd congregates. Sunday even
ings and holidays are favorite times for
indulging in the passion for gaming
among the Italians, but as they are ex
tremely suspicious of strangers and as a
game of sanguinetti may be switched to
an innocent card game at almost a mo
ment's notice, it Is a difficult matter to
catch them red-handed. The police admit
that gambling still flourishes in this sec
tion of the city, but they say it is as dif
ficult to suppress as the Chinese game of
fantan.
It is to be hoped that now Chief Lees
has shaken off the lethargy that has en
veloped him for so long a time, as shown
by his raiding the places where the slot
machines were being operated, he will
remain awake long enough to give the
citizens of San Francisco even a tempor
ary illustration of an up-to-date police
official who knows when the law is being
violated under his nose and how to sup
press i
HOBSON WAS
ECLIPSED BY
VON SCHROEDER
THE BARON AS A STAR
BOTTLE-THROWER.
Society #t the Greenway Christmas
Cotillon Aghast at an Exhibition
of Queer Court Etiquette at
the Festal Board.
LIEUTENANT HOBSON. the hero
of the Merrimac, failed to day
the star role at the Greenway
cotillon, which he attended after
his public reception at the Palace
Hotel. By this statement it is not
meant that Lieutenant Hobson was not
the center of attraction, for he was—
that is, he was until Baron Alexander
yon Schroeder, he of royal blood, took
a hand. The brother of Baron yon
Schroeder lingered in the background
until almost the close of the evening's
festivities, when he suddenly emerged
from his retirement and for a while
eclipsed even Lieutenant Hobson as a
source of attraction. This speaks much
for the prowess of Baron Alexander
yon Schroeder, for he was badly handi
capped in his contest with Lieutenant
Hobson for notoriety, never having
blown up anything more dangerous
than a puff of cigar smoke. With
heavy odds against him the Baron
never faltered and before he finished —
well, to make a long story short, the
hero of the Merrimac was not in it.
Of course, it was all in joke, so claim
the Baron's friends. They say in ex
tenuation, "The Baron is so awfully
clever, don't cher know, so awfully well
up in court etiquette, and so deucedly
aristocratic and blue-blooded, don't
cher know, that he simply can't do
anything that is not awfully proper,
don't cher know."
This may be true from the point of
view of the Baron's friends, but there
were other well-bred American ladies
and gentlemen present at the codllon.
who take issue with the Baron as to
the limits to which his faultless
knowledge of perfect court etiquette
will allow him to go without overstep
ping the bounds that mark the be
havior of a gentleman. It may be all
right at court, but for a gentleman
under the influence of liquor to throw
a champagne bottle across the table at
another gentleman, while there were
present a number of ladles is not con
sidered good manners, even in Am?rica.
From the reports that were to be
heard on all sides yesterday concern
ing the Greenway cotillon, to say the
least, there must have been a warm
time in honor of Lieutenant Hobson.
It appears from the reports concerning
the episode that during the supper
Baron Alexander yon Schroeder, who
was one of those present, took a
seat at a table where were seated,
so it is said, Mrs. William Robin
son Whittier, Fred A. Greenwood,
Miss Jennie Greenwood, George Hull,
Miss Carroll and several others. It
is said that this table was in
the center of the hall and that the
Baron forced himself into the posses
sion of a seat at the table. The party
had been previously made up, but when
the Baron came up it being noticed that
he was a little the worse for the con
stant draining of the bumper he was
permitted to join the party.
Now here it is that Dame Rumor be
comes most Interesting. There seems
to have been at the table a young lady
to whom the Baron has been particu
larly marked in his attentions and it
is said that the young lady in question
looks not with favor on the Baron's
suit.
After he had joined the party and
the flow of conversation had resumed
its natural tone and spirit, it is said
that the young lady in question, who
occupied a seat across the tabte from
the Baron, was marked in the smiles
which she bestowed on a certain young
gentleman who sat beside her, and
whom the Baron has done the honor to
look upon as a rival. It may nave been
this or it may have been the too fre
quent draining of the seductive bum
per, or it may have been the fumes of
the subtle wine combined with the hot
blood of the noble Baron— in fact. It
may have been any old kind of a com
bination that brought about the dis
play of court etiquette on the part of
the Baron, but whatever it was, one
thing is certain, according to reports,
the party at the table was suddenly
startled by the Baron's grasping a
champagne bottle by the neck and
throwing it across the table at the
head of the young man opposite him.
"What followed no one seems to have
a clear idea of, but the male members
of the party, realizing that the noble
and gentlemanly Baron Alexander yon
Schroeder was slightly hors de com
bat, did the only thing that was left
to be done, namely, they hastliy got
him out of the hall.
This is the stOTy as it was told yes
terday in whispers by those that had
heard It. To say what may be the re
sults is at present impossible. Some
think that the young man at whom the
Baron hurled the deadly missile will
call the Baron out and demand repara
tion after the manner of the code that
is supposed to exist among gentlemen,
while others believe that he will appre
ciate the fact that the Baron was under
the influence of liquor and will take no
notice of the insult, leaving It to *»••
Baron's ideas of propriety to make the
proper kind of apologies. At present
every one is trying to keep the affair
a secret.
MISS CLARA SUTRO WILL
BE MARRIED TO-DAY
THE WEDDING TO TAKE PLACE
IN LOS ANGELES.
The Groom, William J. English, Is
a Prominent Chicago
Attorney.
The wedding of Miss Clara Sutro, daugh
ter of the late Adolph Sutro, to William
J. English, will be solemnized at Los
Angeles this afternoon by Bishop Mont
gomery of the Roman Catholic Church.
The story of the engagement of Miss
Sutro and Mr. English carries a little ro
mance with it. She first met him a num
ber of years ago on a vessel bound for
Alaska. He wrote a description of the
journey for a Chicago paper, and on his
return to that city mailed her a marked
copy of the paper. She read the article,
liked it and accordingly admired Its au
thor. He made other Journeys and wrote
descriptive articles and bright, interest-
Ing sketches, and these were carefully
perused by Miss Sutro. The engagement
came as a matter of course, but the
death of the father of me prospective
bride caused a postponement of the weu
ding.
Miss Sutro is a brunette— graceful, pret
ty, accomplished. During the later years
of her father's life she was his traveling
companion, and a short time ago com
pleted a tour of the. world.
William J. English is one of the leading
members of the Illinois bar. He gradu
ated with high honors from the University
of Wisconsin and at once began the prac
tice of law. He is now serving his third
term as vice president of the Chicago
Bar Association, and is a member of the
firm of English & Heffernan. The wed
ding ceremony is set for 5 o'clock this
afternoon, and after a brief honeymoon
the young couple will settle down in Chi
cago.
Dinner 25 Cents.
Icecream, chicken, wine, etc. At the
Ralston, 783 Market sereet. •
Dr. Ragan Exonerated.
When the case of School Director Ra
gan, charged with soliciting a bribe, was
called in Judge Low's court yesterday
morning the complaining witness, D. E.
Stanton, failed to answer to his name,
and Prosecuting Attorney Reynolds moved
that the case be dismissed for want of
prosecution. No objection was offered,
and the defendant and his attorneys
walked out of the courtroom after the
Judge had declared the case dismissed.
Blackman and Rood Guessing.
The preliminary examination of Police
man Cassius Blackman and Frank H.
Kood, saloonkeeper, charge- wm. grand
New Year's Day
will afford you an opportunity to
remember those who surprised you to-day.
One of our glove orders makes a very satis-
factory gift, and should the recipient not de-
sire gloves, the order will, be honored in any
department, any time.
Other suggestions
for reciprocating, which insure
appreciation, are
fans purses
valises suitcases
umbrellas handkerchiefs
mufflers feather boas
fancy neckwear shawls
tortoise shell combs tortoise shell hairpins
sterling silver novelties cut glass ware
sofa cushions photograph frames
necktie ") work boxes
glove y cases letter folios
handkerchief ) scarfs
mantle drapes fancy baskets
133 to 131 Kearny St.
ADVERTISEMENTS. j
Colcnd and Black
¥^ IT^ TT /^> /^> /^>i /\ I^. *^
DRESS GOODS. *
We will place on sale
this week some Extraordi-
nary Values in Colored and
Black Novelty Dress Goods,
and ask special attention to
the following :
100 pieces Silk and Wool
at* and All-Wool NOVEL-
W TV FRENCH and ENG-
LISH DRESS GOODS,
42, 44 and 48 inches o
IWO .„ ; w Price 50c Yard.
Regular value $1.00 and $1.25. -
SflPfl/ll 75 pieces BLACK FIG-
U[/VVIUI • URED NOVELTY
DRESS FABRICS,
D#i«*/v#ii#ir' I English manufacture,
MrgdinS ! goods full 44 inches
• O wide and a splendid
variety of new de-
m ; Price $1.25 hi
; "- Worth $1.50 and $1.75 yard.
THLIPHONE GRANT 124. "
111. 113. 115:' 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
larceny in stealing $180 from Cornelius
Cronln, was concluded before Judge Mo
gan yesterday as far as the prosecution
Wii3 concerned and the case was contin
ued till next Wednesday. The witnesses
examined yesterday were
Schwartz, night clerk in the \alencia
Hotel, and Special Officer Murphy, who
gave damaging testimony against the de
fendants.
Not "Deafy" Morris.
James Wilson, the deaf pickpocket, who
drew a knife on Detective Sllvey at the
Palace Hotel Friday night, was booked
at the City Prison yesterday on charges
of assault with a deadly weapon and va-
Wilson is not the well-known Eastern
crook, "Deafy" Morris, as was supposed,
but is a "stall" for.™*ekpockets. He is an
old man, 65 years of age, and is lacking
his right hand and two fingers of his left
hand. It is said that he lost his right
haru. while picking a pocket in Columbus,
Onio, the victim cutting it off with a
cleaver.
He was arrested some months ago at
Sausalito by Detectives Eean and Gibson,
along with other suspicious characters,
but succeeded «t» escaping punishment.
Hoey's Election Contested.
Patrick J. Graham yesterday filed a
contest to the election of Lawrence Hoey,
Assemblyman-elect for the Twenty-eighth
District. Hoey was declared elected by a
majority of 25 votes and Graham alleges
that this majority was illegally obtained.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Augusta Davis filed suit yesterday for
a divorce from Lesser Davis, alleging fail
ure to provide as a cause of action. Llllie
E. Baker has applied for a divorce from
George H. Baker on the ground of
cruelty.
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIMB.
(f
I
ft
(
FORGET ANYBODY
If so, ■ you : have time to think over It
now — possibly to every one's satisfac-
tion. Let your present be something
: lasting, something useful as well as
ornamental. A pretty piece of furni-
ture will always be appreciated. Coma
if and choose all you want and pay for it
•;< in f small installments. Your credit is
: ; good here. *
THE J. NOON AN
I FURNITURE CO.. Inc.
1017 to 1023 Mission st., above Sixth.
Phone • South 14. .; Open Evening*.
Any Eyeglasses Fitted
t- With Our New Clip
That Don't Slip
For 50 Cents.
Oculists' Prescriptions Filled. Factory on
Premises. , Quick Repairing. Phone, Main 10.
Opticians a a k gency .
642 Market St.
. chronicle BUILDING-
WE EMPLOY NO AGENTS.
Jw PALACE wj
IGRAND HOTELS I
Z. ; ; BAH fkahciboo, v 2
" Connected by a covertd passageway. TJ
P 1400 Rooms— 3oo With Bath Attached. *
D .All Under One ; Management, Q
«s NO IS THE FKIOSS: Q
■!f European Plan, .00 per day and upward ,-
0 American P1an.»3.00 per day and upward V :
ft Correspondence . Solicited. A
X "?*, JOS!* 0. lI&KFA7BICK. Euipt. 2
Sooooocoooaooooooo
I)RJ[CNULTY.
mHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
JL SpeciaJUrt cares Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis- I
eases o» Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
■Weaknesses of Men. free.' Over 20y'rs' experience. .
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours» I
to* daily ;6L3o to ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul,
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call, or address
P. ROBCOK McXI'LTY, M.».
26' 2 Kearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
AIIIIIBI and Morphine Habits
1 EUI 1 111/ I cured at home. Write
111 £■ lIWI or full particulars and
Vl I Will book free
INDIAN OPIUM CURE, B. D.KMMIS,
201 lurk St., San Francisco.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, -
KEAKNY AND WASHINGTON : STB.— RB-
; modeled and ; renovated. ' ; KING, , WARD A
CO. * European ; plan. - Rooms .■ 50c . to $1 50 day
Jo to $3 week; $8 to J3O month. V'ree baths; hot-
and cold water every room: fire grates la every
room ; = elevator runs all night. * ■HE trials and tribulations
of a candidate for office
can but faintly be con
jured up in the imagina
tion of the tenderfoot who
never passed through the ordeal
• I a campaign. The loss of nerv
energy and the wear and
t^ar of the entire . human system
art- BUCh that few men who have made
a vigorous fight for public office have
ever fully recovered from the effects of
the strain that was put upon them in
the struggle for political supremacy.
Some years ago an im" pendent can
didate for Sheriff in this city suffered
complete mental collapse in the exci'e
ment of the campaign and ended his
career In a lunatic asylum An aspirant
for the honor and perquisites that are
- popularly supposed t*» -be associated
with the office of Supervisor died with
in a month fter his election and his
death was the result of the - weakening
of his system by too vrgorous cam
paigning. The illness of Judge-elect
Treadweli shortly after the returns
were counted and the recent death of
Judge Borden can be t:.—3d directly to
the ravages wrought by incessant vote
seeking and the ills that are heir to
that nerve-taxing diversion. And these
are 'ew of the many instances of the
dangers that beset the path of the
office-seeker and that receive but mo
mentary notice from the public.
The large majority of citizens who
are content to exercise the elective
franchise and let the oth - fellows run
the government know not how dearly
bought are the jobs at the City Hall.
It is only the ex-candidate, who hag
had the experience, who can sympa
thize with the ambitious political fledg
ling who is trying his hand at the game.
And many are the candidates who.
having hied themselves to the springs
after the fray for the purpose of re
cuperating and incidentally to escape
the importunate job-chasers, have fer
vently wished they had curbed their
ambition.
If political office is the goal of your
ambition pause fur a moment while an
effort is made to dissuade you from
the. pursuit of what frequently proves
to be but a fascinating phantom. Ac
quaint yourself with a candidate's
itinerary and take a passing glance at
a series of views of the unfortunate as
he plods his weary way along during
the thirty days precding election, be
fore you leap into the forefront of po
litical battle. Consider well whether the
glory and salary to be obtained are ade
quate compensation. Perhaps if all
men were familiar with the sort <>f
campaigning that must be indulged in
by the up-to-date candidate the pur
suit of happiness would impel fewer to
take the path that leads to political
preferment
No longer can a candidate be con
tent with the formal Introduction of
himself to the voters through the me
dium of public meetings. Oratorical ap
- to the masses count for little
against the influence of personal solici
tation when combined with steam beer.
The aspirant for office who is versed
in practical politics knows that from
the moment of his nomination until the booths close on election day
he must be on the gui vive for opportunities to catch votes. If he
occasionally snatches a wink of sleep he must take the precaution
to have an alarm' clock in his immediate vicinity. He is expected to
ro among the people and extend the "glad hand' : on all sides. To
rely on his own popularity is to discount his opponent's activity.
Eternal vigilance is the price of votes.
The supposition is that the more people one meets in a cam
paign the greater are his chances of success, ?nd consequently it is
the aim of every energetic candidate to cover as much territory
as possible, a route is mapp»<i out for him at the opening of the
campaign and he follows it religiously. He must go through the
slime of Butchertown and of the tanneries of South San Francisco,
clasping the hand of toil and soliciting the suffrage of the toilers.
He must inhale the stifling odors of the gas houses and he must
patiently wend his way through the shops of the Union Iron Works
in the Potrero, the slums of the Barbary Coast and the groggeries of
Tar Flat.
If his opponent is making what is technically known in the par
lance of curbstone diplomats as a "saloon fight," it becomes his duty
to fan the flame of convivality in every "wet goods" establishment
in the city. In those in which he fails to materialize his banner will
be turned toward tho wall. Such is the penalty incurred by the can
didate, for some saloon-keepers insist upon personal acquaintance
ship with every man who expects their vote. They are the saloon
keepers who never return change to a candidate for fear of insulting
him. They have be^n known to pocket a $10' piece placed on the
•counter in payment for five drinks. And the candidate — good,
man — never murmurs, for fear of losing B vote, but after an ex
perience of that sort he always carries rm abundance of silver. Silver
is always convenient when you get into a saloon that is conducted
by a highwayman.
There are other interesting features of a saloon fight, but no
approximate idea of them can be conveyed in cold type. One must
accompany a candidate over tho unabridged "cocktail route, ' samp
ling the interminable variety of brands of whisky that are sold over
the 3500 bars of this cosmopolitan burg, to properly sympathi7.<- with
the man that is seeking for votes. To get into a saloon where the
barkeeper is all alone and (hen witness the phenomenon of thirsty
voters suddenly appearing as if they had come up through cracks in
the floor, like sprites in a Christmas spectacle, is one of the amusing
features of a saloon fight. Whence they enme it is Impossible to
conjecture, but the presence of a candidate brings them Into view as
THE CALL Sunday Edition.
A CANDIDATE'S
TROUBLES.
TT I Jlj lT* is the expert—
ildlvEi ence of a man
who ran for a
big patronage office during the
last c ection- Read his vivid
recital and you'll' find out why
a popular candidate needs a
manager, a chaperon, a body
guard, a barrel of coin, a will
of steel and a constitution of
iron.
if by magic. And the candidate mast shaKe the hand of each witn
all the warmth of the greeting of two long separated b ™ tne ™- .
In making a saloon fight the greatest caution must be observed,
for it is very easy for a candidate to give serious offense. To enter
only one saloon on a corner where there are other saloons at the
same street crossing is a most egregious blunder. No candidate ever
did such a -ttifnr-^thout hearing about his grievous error within
twenty-four hours. He learns, much to his consternation, that the
highly sensitive "mixologists" that do business at the other corners
are as mad as wet hens. Something must be done to appease their
wrath They believe that they have been deliberately insulted and
it behooves the candidate to go and square himself at once by buying
several rounds of drinks in each place that had been overlooked.
Of course there are some saloon-keepers who do not feel that
they have a mortgage upon a man by reason of the circumstance
of his being a candidate, but the other kind are sufficiently numerous
to make a campaigner decidedly wary. One meets the autocrat of
the bar in the remote districts where he is supposed to wield great
influence. He is easily offended. Fail
ure to send him a silk banner to orna
ment his speckled mirror behind the
bar is a capital offense. When the can
didate who has been guilty of that
gross neglect puts in an appearance he
is received with a frown and the auto
crat suggests that if he were conduct
ing one of the ligh-toned places down
town he woult. have received a very
handsome banner. If the candidate in-
advertently replies that the silk ban
ners are very expensive he is promptly
told that they are not too expensive for
the down-town establishments, and
then he buys two rounds of drinks In
stead of one to soothe the autocrat.
Borne years ago the candidates for the
large patronage offices were the only
ones that attempted to make a thor
ough canvass of the city, working night
and day, but in the late campaign there
were no distinctions. Charles L. Patton
set the pace In the fight for Mayor
along the route, the factories and the
mercantile houses. Toward the close of
the campaign James D. Phelan emu
lated him in a measure, confining him
self, however, to personal contact
■with the wage earners of the city.
Candidates for judicial positions went
the route and even a Justice of the Supreme Court, fearful of the re
sult, cast aside considerations of dignity and became a vote-wooer of
the most ardent kind. Judge Wallace was probably the only aspirant
for Judicial honors who appeared to be mindful of the dignity that
should characterize wearers of the ermine, and as a consequence he
is numbered among the "also rane."
The work of making a campaign has been reduced to a system,
and no candidate, particularly if he be out for a patronage office,
can afford to shirk the work that it entails. The first duty of a
candidate under this system is to select a manager who has had
some experience in campaigning. A manager is as essential to a
candidate as he is to a theatrical star or a crack pugilist. Without
a manager a candidate would get an attack of nervous prostration
in the first week of the campaign. The manager takes charge of the
headquarters, attends to the advertising and makes engagements for
the unfortunate victim of political ambition. The engagements are
made principally with men who desire to introduce the candidate to
voters who are employed in large establishments, or who, in other
words, desire to lead the candidate into places where he can extend
the "glad hand" advantageously.
The manager is also used for reference purposes and in that
capacity he is of incalculable value. Every bore that molests the
candidate Is referred to the manager, whose duty it is to toy with
him gently, and then "lose him" without causing any hard feel
ing. A prime diplomat must the manager be to handle campaign
bores without friction, for these pestiferous fellows are cognizan
of the reluctance of candidates to make enemies, and are bald i
their persistence.
It has been estimated that a candidate encounters fifty bore
every day and that if he undertook to give each an audience fo
the time required the time for making the campaign would be re
duced to one minute in every twenty-four hours. These cam
paign bores are nearly all of the same ilk. They pretend tha
they have large blocks of votes which they are willing to swin
for a consideration. Many of them are ward politicians who are anx
ious to contribute their support but insist upon being promised a
place in the office.
Sometimes the bore is a colored porter or a colored barber, who
belongs to a colored social club. He assures the candidate that he
controls the vote of the entire club and will "deliver the goods" for
coin or for a patronage promise.
In the last- campaign a colored barber negotiated the contribu
tion of his services, the consideration being two weeks' wages. He
represented that he would have to retire from the tonsorial trade for
that period while engaged in electioneering among the boys. Oc
casionally the bore is a railroad conductor or a member of some
union, who, by the exercise of some mysterious influence, controls
several hundred votes. He is generally after a job in the office and
his work is generally very much on the sume order as that of the
race track tout who makes sure of his commission by tipping every
horse in the race. And it is remarkable how many candidates are
impressed by the representations of political touts.
Very often the most bothersome bores are the candidate's friends,
who are so solicitous for his welfare that they are constantly scold
ing him for not doing certain things that he had no time to do.
There is nothing so trying to a candidate's nerves as to be grumbled
at for instance for not visiting the gas works at North Beach on
a certain day and at a certain hour, when he was engaged in shaking
hands with the employes of a tannery at South San Francisco. No
matter how much ground he covers in one day he will be told of
some place where he was expected and bo vouchsafed the pleasing
information that he lost scores of votes through neglect.
RAN FRANinism SUNDAY. DECEMBER 25, 1898.
in addition to the bother
some friendly bore and the
blatant job-chasing bore,
the candidate must endure
the piece-club bore, who is
bewildering in his variety,
and the advertising bore,
and the fellow who wants to
sell phoney tickets for a
raffle for the aid of the ficti
tious widow who bobs up
serenely in every campaign.
All these interesting char
acters are referred to the
suave and courteous man
ager, but there are many
that decline to be "kissed
off" in that way.
In addition to the man
ager it is also essential that
the candidate should have
a chaperon to accompany
him on his vote-getting pilgrimage. Th#
society bud is not in greater need of a
chaperon than the man who is running
for office, particularly if it is one of the
large patronage offices. He is a neces
sary adjunct to^ every well-regulated
campaign outfit, and he is always se
lected with a view to his adaptability,
for he must have certain qualifications.
He must be a smart, active young man,
always alert to call the attention of the
candidate to some autocratic citizen
who is looking for a nod of recognition,
and to relieve the candidate from the
individual of the bore species known as
Importunities of that other
the "grafter."
Whenever a suspicious character button-holes the candidate for
a private interview the chaperon must keep within ear-shot and be
prepared for action. As soon as he hears the "grafter" suggest tnat
a little coin would enable him to work more advantageously lor the
candidate's interests the chaperon must break violently into the
conversation and adroitly effect a separation. All these political
"grafters" pursue the same method and reveal their Identity as soon
as they get within hailing distance. They have their pockets filled
with election cards and when they Bee a probable v'ctim they pro
duce his cards as evidence of their allegiance and then proceed to
business.
It is of paramount importance -that the chaperon should be a
man who is unknown among politicians or the political workers of a
district. His value largely depends upon his obscurity because there
is nothing so injurious to a candidate as to be seen In the company
of a man who has enemies. The candidate is condemned for the
company he keeps, and caution should prompt him to give as little
occasion as possible for -what is known in the argot of political circles
as "knocking."
In addition to the task of extending the "glad hand" by day
and practicing spell-binding at district meetings by night the cam
paigner must testify to his admiration for terpsichore. He is deluged
with invitations to Sunday night dances and he feels that if he fails
to make his appearance in the halls the societies that extended the
courtesy will feel somewhat resentful. So he goes to the dances and
Continued on Thtrty-aecond Page,18
HALL CAINE CRITICIZES AND COMMENDS OUR STAGE.
MR. BRONSON HOWARD'S CRITICISM OF MR. CAINE
Mr. Hall Caine's comments 'ipon our stage, being those of a leading Eng
lish dramatist, were Bent by The Call to Mr. Bronson Howard, a leading
American playwright, with the request that he read the English author's let
ter, and. if English and American views differed, that he would, on behalf of
our actors and managers, answer Mr. Caine's argument. This ig Mr. How
ard's brief yet comprehensive reply:
To the Editor of The Sunday Call :
I have read Hall Caine's letter, and cannot write
a thing about it, simply because I agree with him from
beginning to end, so far as all important matters treated
are concerned.
He seems to be keenly observant, with perfectly
balanced judgment, from beginning to end.
Except merely to enlarge on what he says, I
could merely sign my own name under his. Sincerely
yours, BRONSON HOWARD.
To the Editor of the Call: . of that languor of dramatic satiety talent has in one respect adapted Itself
I HAVE now spent six months in which '*« use our own phrase) is to a certain dramatic need. You have,
America three months on a former " the most difficult proposition" the perhaps.more young actors equipped by
America, tnree monins on a rormer English dramatists and actors have to nature and the training to the role of
visit and three months on the pres- count witn Not long before leaving staKe lover. than we have had on the
ent visit. Half a year acquaint- London I sat at a new play in a well- English stage for years. ; Since the days
, ance with a vast country does not known theater behind two fashionable of Harry Montague our . young men
entitle me to sit in judgment upon it, ladies and a fashionable man. At in- have been obviously a little ashamed
but since you ask only for ; impressions tervals during the performance they of playing the lover; and certainly no
1 am willing enough to give mine as talked of. their own affairs, and once : body with us has deliberately- set out
c irr.ri,- „' l "f rtß ™°" S -f^ „♦ ™ «,.« ■ between the acts the man said: "Am— to win the prizes of. that character, with
simply as possible, without any pre- , _ sorry i—er— brought you to this— er no other pretensions and nothing else
tensions to finality of judgment,' and, —play." "Oh, don't mention it: I'm not to him. :,-; ...-■.-.. : .:. ..
of course, without any disposition to at all bored," replied one of the ladies. The recent revival of the romantic
make points at the expense. of. truth.. American Theater fWr I ove«? a Lover spirit in English drama "suggests the
. Let me speak first of the things which t !', ,I V? ♦ V possibility that the English, stage may
come closest I ram? to Ampri™ tn nm Nothing of that kind is ever to be yet require to make drafts upon the
come closest. I came to America to pro- found -In. an American ■ theater. ■ Your American stage for the stage lover, in
duce a play, and hence the theater has leisure class is not large enough to which case the scarcity of the type on
.covered a large part of my horizon.' bring the atmosphere of ennui into the both sides of the water will probably
Your American. theater differs from our playhouse. Your people go Into the raise the 'reputation and emoluments
English theater at more points than theater to be amused, not to kill time to be gained by it to that of the fash
one. Your buildintrs are better for see- or to break up the weariness of idle . ionable poet in France and the foreign
lSKiinAhU^nTiutnol£vßv^'^n llves - They are Uke children ln the Ambassador; in England,. and settle for
ing ana Hearing, but not always so gooa simplicity- of their, emotions, and, like good the . vexed , question of "what to
for ingress and egress, and they would, children, they are not afraid to.be made do with our boys." ; \.
I fear, In some instances, be less able to feel. They do not run away from Your American stage knows less than
to cope with the" dangers of fire or strong passions, ■-'. and when they are our English , ; stage of that modern au
panic. In general comfort your houses appealed to they respond. .Naturally thority. the actor-manager, and so far,
■ are; superior to ours and incomparably they , love .to laugh, but 'if they can cry.- if i I may say it without- offense to
better than almost invthinir in p«h- and laugh to * ether tne y llke that best frie n d » and comrades, its state would
Detier man almost anything in Paris of al} . - • ■ . seem to me the more gracious. Though
or Berlin or Rome. Your prices of ad- ■ The prevailing taste of your Ameri- I see that the actor-manager, has done
mission vary less than with us or with can audiences it is easy to indicate, .excellent 1 work for the English stage
the ' French, but the, gross receipts of . Nearly every kind of dramatic; fare is during. the last ten or twenty years. I
your houses, compared with those of acceptable to them, but what they love also see that he may have prevented
any other houses I know of, capacity ;to feed on Is. love. he manager who other good, work from being done, and
fnrranarlfv «rp mitnHaMv hio-w would produce a modern version of I f eel; the constantly, narrowing range
lor capacity, are materially higher. -Julius Caesar" would be a daring man of his possibilities. - • .
Theatrical Management Good. indeed, but the crudest adaptation of ■■ The most beautiful '. and v attractive
The management of your theaters "Manon Lescaut" would have its thing on the. stage is youth, and while
would seem to me on the whole ex^el chance; in America. Sensation, street • the actor-manager can remain young
lent Even that tvranniral lnnnut:nn ? life - character in its quainter .- forms, he can be in. the heart of all the inter
tiT» wt£??Ji« ™ ff nniC^ J lnn .o*atjon, all these hold, their places on the menu ests whereof youth ;.• is the rallying
the Wednesday matinee, has something of your American public, but always point; but as the years creep on him
to say for itself, the theater-going pub- the dish of the day is love. The man- and he struggles to shift the" focal cen
lic in your outlying districts being so ager.who sees that. sees well. Ho brines ' ter of fascination and charm— he must
great and consisting so largely of to his doors a charming and responsive needs do so ?or let another » push : 'him
ladies. , : • . section of your public. which is perfect- from his place— he is playing a fast and
• The Wednesday matinee of a new V certain -to. bring all the rest.' ■ ' loose game'; with "public attention and
play in New York Is probably the I American Actors Hold Their Own. : sympathy^ and is! likely tO be stranded
surest and swiftest test of success If • ■.■■": " ■•"- -■■ ° ~ " - r -•*"': before he knows it. ,
Jt is good, if it grows, if it displays in- • : Your. foremost actors and actresses, Irnpendinß Tragedy in an Actor's Life
terest. if it shows sympathy, your man- wlth some exceptions, may be said to ""Pen^njr i ra eay in on. Actors Life,
agement may be content. They v have Delon S' equally to England and to This is a tragedy which 1 : has i befallen
then got the nucleus of the best public America, and therefore iit would ill be-, more . than, one actor-manager in thp
they can play to. ' come me -to say more" about them than past; it is happening to some of the
1 Your audiences differ from ours in " that :we reckon them in the number actor- managers; at this moment and
more points than one. It is often said ;of our Dest - And among those who are will happen to others as time goes on. ,
in England that they are less demon- still unknown to our people there are a The life of an actor is a ! short life, the
Btrative than our audiences That is few who are sure to come into the heri- life of an actress is still shorter. That
both true and not true. I have more ta & e of their English fame when time •is • the essential * cruelty -' In ? the career
than once seen the curtain fall in New and opportunity; allow. of the stage. But there is one way to
York on an acceptable play with no ' " But nOt to walk - however warily, on meet it— that of adapting yourself .to
applause whatever, and in > Boston the I such dellcate ground, 'I could wish to the conditions as they change. One of
restraint of. the audience has • some- : say> af ter; somewhat intimate . expert- the first ,of American i actors ; has done
times seemed to me almost as manted " ence of at ast two American. compan- this with great wisdom, but the theory
and painful. But, on the other hand leß - that the rank and file of the Amer- of the actor-manager Is to ; resist; that
I have never even on"a first ulght at ican;dramatlc profession seem to me at necessity. • . /. ; : : ;
a popular theater' in London v heard >. all points equal to the, rank and file of -He. is fighting a law of nature and
applause more sincere and prolonged the dranr >atic profession in England. :I * must, therefore, always in th-2 end
than in Boston and New York. ' notice points of difference. You have .succumb.^;/ :;•;?; ;■•;,„.
•As a general view I should say there -' not so man imitators of great actors. The story, which the. stage tells year
Is less complimentary applause with A few >' ears ; ago every /English com- ■'" and year out is the story of youth.
you than with us but I would even '' P a contained two or more imitators yet actors cannot always be young, and
recommend to your audiences the of Henry,; Irving, and there are still but for the purpose of the drama (speaking
adoption of a- little of that dubious few • traveling combinations without '■ broadly.; and •■ generally) n an "? old man's
form of appreciation as a means of their, colorable version, of Ellen Terry, story is no good to anybody, 7
getting the best out vof : your actors. J d £ not re ™?, ni 5,? your Jefferson in :v: : \'. The '-star" System.
Our stage folks all the world over are cm 2, ryo ;. and if th ® re was ever a llne But if you have less of the rrtnr
crown un children Port lilprk thorn of booths T fear the schoo (with the * v nav ® less °} tne RCtor
grown up children. God bless them. exceptio of two 0 th f ' " „} manager system than we have in Eng
and cheers them more which' inspires ors > ha « unhar-oilv died. out. ]and >' ou J have more of the 'star" svs
ping cheers them more than "the Your; ors .EneUsh Scarcity died out Lovers. . ESS f Se^woiStota^?-
ping of hands in a theater." Your English Scarcity of Stage Lovers. . the operation of the two is totally dif-
American audiences have little or none I think, I observe that your dramatic ferent. Let me say : at\once that I see
HALL CAINE, the English Novelist
From a Photograph Taken Just Be r ore He Sailed for Home,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1898.
much in your condition which explains
if it does not entirely justify the star
system.
The public interest so gathers about
an artist as to force him into the po
sition of prominence. He is a favorite,
and is usually nothing loath to be a
renter of sympathy in himself. Flux.
this "splendid isolation" is a position
beset with dangers, with trials and
with anxieties. I do not speak of the
A Christmas Lynching, Iowa .Hill, '54.
THE night of December 22, 1854,
witnessed scenes of mirth and
tragedy in lowa Hill. The Queen
City Hotel, the most imposing
building in that prosperous mm
ing town, was opened by its pro
prietor, John Roberts, with a grand
ball, given under the auspices of the
lowa Hill Hook and Ladder Company.
The elite of the mining camp were
gathered, and among the merry makers
were some forty ladles — an unusual
number to be gathered in that day and
in that country. The supper table,
eighty-five feet long, was spread with
every luxury that could be procured in
the remote mountain town. It was
tastefully decorated with ornamental
cakes and imported confectionery. The
dancing was carried on until the break
ing of the next day. The members of
the fire company attended in their uni
forms of red shirts and black trousers.
Thomas Montgomery was the man
ager of the principal store in the town
— the store that supplied the army of
miners that worked in the rich deposits
in that district. Incidentally to the
sale of merchandise, the safe in the
•store was the bank in which scores of
miners deposited their gold dust. Mont
gomery was trusted and loved by the
hardy, toiling patrons of the store.
William M. Johnson was a gambler,
a native of New York City, and a man
about 24 years of age. He had dxjfted
to California with the first tide that
followed the announcement of the dis
covery of gold, but instead of seeking
fortune by toil at the sluices and in
the tunnels chose the easier way— he
dealt in cards and dealt to win.
These two men were among the
party that made merry at the opening
of the Queen City Hotel. Why they
quarreled will never be known. It was
between the hours of 1 and 2:30 o'clock
in the morning that they had a pre
liminary scuffle, which was quieted by
the interference of friends. They met
again between the hours of 4 and 6
and Johnson asked Montgomery if he
thought he had struck him with a
slung shot. Montgomery replied "no."
Some few words followed, when John
son knocked his adversary down. John
son suggested that Montgomery get a
pistol that they might be on eaual
terms. Montgomery returned in a
short time and the parties met in the
street nearly in front ■of the hotel.
Then Montgomery commenced an at
THE GREAT ENGLISH NOVELIST COMMENTS
ON THE AMERICAN STAR SYSTEM AND
SHOWS HOW IT CONFLICTS WITH
HIS IDEA OE THE DRAMA.
Written Specially for The Call-Herald tfoe Day Before He Sailed for H^rne.
Jealousies it provokes, for these, how
ever vexatious, are often both natural
and salutary as a spur and an inspira
tion. I would rather point to the es
sentially non-dramatic principle of th'»
star system. It conflicts with the idea
of the drama. If a play were like a
novel of Fielding, an organism center
ing in a single individual, the star sys
tem would have much to say for itself,
even on grounds of art. Occasionally
a play does center in one character, as
in the case of "King Lear," but there
the method of Shakespeare is the
method of Homer, the method of Field
ing, the epic method, and glorious as
"Lear" is as an epic poem it is poor as
a stage play, and not even the greatest
heroic actor can make it hold the stags.
Now, the theory of the star system
belongs to epic art, and any general
attempt to make dramatic art accom
modate itself to the necessities of the
star system would be to break down
the one without establishing the other.
Dana;rs to the American Staee.
Drama lives by the clash of incidents,
emotions and impulses, and . its best
work can only be done where all its
forces are at full play, at white heat
and at utmost strength. Any effort to
secure the result without the means
must surely fail. A good Romeo and a
bad Juliet make a poor performance,
and the system that tempts us to the
danger of such a combination is folly.
It would seem to me, however, that
the worst risk your stage runs is not
that of an inadequate support. It is the
risk of the drama itself being made to
take shape from the necessities of the
star system. To make the dramatist
play second to the star, however popu
lar and attractive, would be a cardinal
error. Any attempt to do so would re
solve itself intoo a trial of strength be
tween actor and author — which has the
greater appeal for the public— and there
could be no question of the reply. The
play is the thing, and always has been,
and the most gifted actor cannot draw
independently of subject. I remember
Wilkie Collins telling me that Fechter
had said in his heydey that he could
draw the town six weeks in an unpopu
lar play. Is there any English or
American actor of whom even as much
as that could be said now?
Speaking for myself, I have no griev
ance against the star system, and the
only star I have been immediately con
cerned with during my visit to America
has borne her trying position with the
utmost artistic unselfishness and
charm, but I will risk all misunder
standing and say at once that your
American star system as a whole is not
good for the production of good plays.
I will even risk all small witticisms and
say that if you must have the star sys
tem, the best thing that can happen
for the American drama is that you
should "star" the American dramatist.
That is a condition that is coming in
any case.
I think I see a time not far in the fu
ture when the dramatist will be the
master of the theater, just as he was in
the best days of the drama, both in
England and in trance.
The dramatist will be the rallying
point of public interest, as actors and
actresses now are. When he has once
established his right to be heard he will
be engaged by business men for terms
of years to write plays for a particular
theater and the theater itself will be
called by his name.
The extraordinary disproportion of
his present position will in the near fu
ture be altered by a violent change, and
when the dramatist has come into his
own again the drama will live and
grow.
Here's a Question for Actors.
It can hardly be hurtful, even for an
English dramatist, to say that the
American stage seems to be strangely
dependent on the contemporary French
and English drama. Traveling through
your country I was constantly im
pressed by this fact. Nearly all your
country playbills bore the names of
French and English plays and play
wrights, and the picture posters every
where depicted French and English
scenes. Naturally, I can have nothing
but warm feelings toward the liberality
tack on Johnson with a revolver. At
first the weapon hung fire, but two
shots were fired without effect. John
son fled into the bar room and in pass
ing out through another door encoun
tered Montgomery, as his friends
claimed, unexpectedly, for he assumed
that his pursuer would follow him in
by the route he had taken. Instantly
Johnson drew a knife and stabbed
Montgomery four or five times — once in
the lungs. Johnson was immediately
seized by the bystanders and delivered
to Deputy Sheriff Sinclair. The affair
created great excitement. The fire
company placed a strong guard over
the prisoner and the town was guarded
to prevent a rescue and to prevent a
repetition of the several attempts at
incendiarism that had alarmed the
populace in the few months that had
passed. In the forenoon of the 23d
word was sent to the various mining
camps in the vicinity that a tragedy
had occurred and that an execution
might be expected. About 2500 per
sons gathered in the town. In the
afternoon the hook nnd ladder com
pany called a meeting and selected
thirty-two men from whom twelve
were chosen as jurors. The testimony
was taken, and. after being out all
night, at sunrise of the 24th a verdict
was returned of guilty of "an assault
with intent to kill." The question was
then left to the crowd as to what dispo
sition should be made of the prisoner.
When the vote was taken the majority
was in favor of hanging him imme
diately.
The officers for the execution were
chosen, and about noon the prisoner
was taken a short distance from the
town, up on the side hill, to a conven
ient tree and informed of the fate that
awaited him. A rope was brought and
a couple of kegs. One keg was placed
on top of the other for the condemned
man to stand upon. After the rope
was adjusted around his neck an op
portunity was given for whatever re
marks he desired to make. Johnson
called for writing material, but as his
hands were confined, a friend who was
present noted his remarks. His dying
sentiments were expressed in a very
cool and quiet manner. He protested
in strong terms against mob law, and
said that all he desired was a fair trial
under the law before a Jury of his coun
trymen. He would abide the conse
quences of such a trial. He stated that
some person present owed him $20,
which he asked should be paid to some
other party to whom he was Indebted.
He also wished a ring to be taken from
Mr. Hall' Came has long held a prominent position in the world of lefr
ters as a novelist who is a close observer of men and women of the day and
with a keen insight into the strength and weakness of their character. Later
he became noted as a playwright possessed of dramatic ability of a high
order.
Probably none of bis books has created so wide an interest and pro
voked so much comment as "The Christian," which, among his literary off
spring, stands head and shoulders above his other creations. Placed upon
the stage, it has become one of the dramatic sensations of the season.
Mr. Came through this play has assumed a leading position among con
temporary dramatists of the English stage. For the past three months he
has been here attending the production of "The Christian" and in his leisure
moments observing and studying the American stage and American au
diences. At the request of The Call-Herald he here gives the result of his
observations, contrasting the theaters and theatrical influences of London and
New York.
which enables you to accept English
dramatists with as much brotherly
Rood will as if they had been born and
bred among yourselves, but I am none
the less amazed that v country so full
of romance, of wonder, of surprise, of
scenic splendors, of varying and con
lticting races, of many tongues and
many dialects, of extreme wealth and
extreme poverty, should lack for
dramatists to present this vast mine
of dramatic wealth upon the stage.
Some representative plays I know
you have, and no one admires these
few products of your dramatic genius
more than I do. But the day is surely
coming when this teeming and impetu
ous life of your tremendous country
will be enough for you, and you will
come to us (as we will come to you)
only for those plays which are beyond
and above all limitations of race and
time and place.
One of the first signs of the coming
of the good time will be an altered
and elevated estimate of the theater as
a force in modern life. The American
attitude toward the theater differs
from the English attitude in being at
once more generous on the moral side
and less respecting on the intellectual
side.
You do not rail at your stage folk
or regard them as outcasts or cliner to
the traditional slanders which the old
English word "vagabond" appears to
imply.
It may be that your dramatic profes
sion are a class more circumspect than
ours in their walk of life, but I am con
scious of no such reservation of moral
approval with respect to them as even
the most liberal of our typical English
people display toward all but the best
of your actors and actresses. But on
the other hand you do not count with
your dramatists and actors quite so
seriously, whether as public men and
women or as artists.
The Theater as a School of Morals-
The theater is your place of amuse
ment, and in no other light do you re
gard it. As a temple of art it takes
a secondary place. As a school of
morals it has no place at all. It looms
large in your daily pleasures, and there
is probably no city in the world where
the theater is so flourishing as in New
York. But it is only your show place,
after all, and you regard the people
who run it as -our "show people."
I doubt if this is quite a hopeful con
dition for the birth of the great Ameri
can drama which is to come. If you
want the best brain and the best blood
on your stage you must begin by al
lowing them to have something to do
with the serious affairs of life. Carlyle
described a ballet girl as a "pair of
scissors stretched." You cannot expect
the man of any mettle to settle down to
the idea that under any circumstances
he is expected to make a living by mak
ing a fool of himself.
Theatrical Critics in General.
Another sign of the good time com
ing for the American drama will be a
more serious attitude of your dramatic
press. Your newspapers give enough
attention to the drama, and much of it
is simple and dignified and of good
effect. But much of it is also grotesque
and fantastic, unreliable, insincere, un
duly persoMl and even vulgar.
his finger and sent to his mother and
sister, but his hand was so much
swollen from being bound that it was
impossible to remove the ring. He re
quested that the rope should be care
fully adjusted and that he be permitted
to climb on the limb of the tree and
jump off. This was denied. Then he
asked permission to give the word him
self, and that was granted. He was
placed on the kegs, the rope was tight
ened and distinctly he counted "one,
two, three" and jumped to his doom,
thus partially be,ing his own execu
tioner. During the entire proceeding
he was perfectly collected and entirely
indifferent about his fate. About 2000
people were present at the execution.
The lynching <>f Johnson created a
profound sensation in the public mind
and for a time promised to lead to se
rious consequences.' Montgomery did
not die from his injuries, nor did he die
until many years afterward. The ver
dict of the jury did not warrant the
extreme penalty. Warrants were is^
sued for the apprehension of the parties
that had engaged in the execution, and
Sheriff Sam Austin attempted to serve
them. One man was arrested, but was
rescued. A posse was ordered out, but
no further action was taken. The citi
zens of lowa Hill issued a circular to
the people of Placer County, in which
they presented the evidence that had
been taken before the People's Court,
the verdict of the jury and the charac
ter of Johnson. It was claimed that
the hanging was sanctioned by the de
liberate judgment of some 1500 people.
According to the statements In the cir
cular. Johnson was greatly the aggres
sor; that he had dismounted from his
horse to assault Montgomery, who was
walking quietly along with a friend;
and that when Johnson rushed upon
him with his knife. Montgomery fired
in self-defense. The friends .of John
son presented a counter statement.
Speaking of the affair, one of the lead
ing dailies in the State said:
"That Johnson was fully as desperate
and depraved a character as painted:
that he was wholly the aggressor, and
made a wanton and unprovoked assault
on Montgomery at the time he was
stabbed; that he had as fair a trial as
a man could be guaranteed in an ex
cited crowd of hundreds we do not
drrubt, but still the facts stare us In
the face that he was sentenced to be
hanged for assault with Intent to kill:
that he was found guilty, sentenced
and hanged by c body of men whose
only right was based upon the power
given by might and numbers, and that.
As to its personnel I don't know that
there is much to choose between that
of the dramatic press in New York and
of the same class in London. Here, as
in England, there is the entirely honest
man who sets down in simplicity what
he knows and feels, the ponderous
egotist who is superior to everything
and everybody, and the cynical young
scribe who sits In Judgment on other
men's plays with a play of his own in
his breeches pocket. And here, as in
England, the public makes up its mind
for itself quite independently of ii»
professed guides to critical opinion,
whether good, bad or indifferent.
Critics Don't Make or Break a Play.
One point of superiority you have in
this regard over our people in England
— our playgoers are prone to believe
whatever they see in the newspapers,
and it requires an effort on their part
to conquer the effects of an unfavoi
able impression made by the press.
Your American people appear to have
no such difficulty, and within a week
of the general onslaught in the news
papers a play or a book in America
may stand absolutely "as its own " and
be in the full tide of its success. That
is fortunate for all writers, and par
ticularly fortunate for some of them,
the ultimate court of appeal being al
ways so just and even so generous.
American Audiences.
During my visit to America I have
seen many plays in many theaters, and
I cannot remember a single American
audience whose heart did not ring true.
That is not a common experience of the
traveler in many lands.
It seems to be the accepted theory in
America (only too well founded in fact,
I am afraid) that the English visitor
to the United States who has received
honor and kindness here will make his
bow on this side of the ocean and re
serve his grimaces until he reaches the
other side. Perhaps In the sequel it
will be found that I have reversed this
order of things, for whatever ungra
cious criticism I may have had to make
of that part of American life which has
come closest to my experience is now
made, and nothing^remains to me to
remember but the generous apprecia
tion and cordial sympathy which my
own little section of your great nation
has given me from first to last.
"Shake," Says the Car Conductor.
Some freedom of handling I may have
been conscious of at certain moments
— perhaps some misunderstanding, and
some personal misjudging, but nothing
that has left any sore place in my
mind, and grudge, any ungenerous feel
ing, and for the rest I shall remember
my greeting on my second visit to
America much as I remember the salu
tation of the conductor of one of your
electric cars on Broadway.
He was a boy of 20, with clear, bright
eyes and a laughing mouth, and as I
got on the car he looked me over from
head to foot. "Will this car take me ■
to Fifty-sixth street?" I said. He didn't
reply to my question, but asked me
another instead. "Are you Hall
Came?" he said. "Yes— will it?" I
asked. Again he did not reply, but
holding out a grimy hand, he said,
"Shake!" HALL CAINE.
too, within a few miles of the regularly
organized seat of justice of the county,
and while the man who was stabbed
was living. These facts cannot be sup
pressed: they form one of the chapters
of California history upon which our
reputation abroad is founded."
In the sharp newspaper controversy
that followed this lynching some light
was thrown on the past career of John
son. A correspondent said of him:
"He has been a prowling gambler in
Placer County ever since 1851. Many
of his fraternity loathed his presence;
sfime . even forbade him addressing
them. Men of business forbade him
their stores, as he scrupled not to
cheat and defraud whenever opportu
nity offered. His name can be seen in
almost every business man's books
kept in ISSI-52 in the localities he in
fested. In 1852 a gentleman named
Pooley, late of Sacramento, was fol
lowed up by Johnson from Yankee
Jim's to some distance below the Griz
ly Bear House on the divide, with n<>
other object but to rob him of some
$600 in dust and to take his life to ef
fect that purpose if need be, for he
was armed with a Bowie knife and a
revolver. Johnson was secreted in the
chaparral half a mile below the Griz
zly Bear House, and as Pooley ap
proached on foot Johnson arose, but,
opportunely, a team approached. In
which Poo-ley escaped. Two hundred
dollars in a purse was stolen from a
Chinese gambling-house in Auburn in
1852 one night when the gamblers were
busily engaged. The theft was com
mitted by some one rushing in, grab
bing it and disappearing in great haste.
The description given by the Chinese
answered that of Johnson, who was
then hovering about. It was also stated
that in 1851 he came near being lynched
at Colo-ma, but by reason of his en
treaties and youth was released on con
dition that he would leave the place
immediately, which he did.
However bad Johnson may have been
he had friends who made a bitter fight
to avenge his untimely death. , They
were Instrumental in creating a strong
sentiment against mob law. The in
cident created an impression in lowa
Hill that has not died out in all the
years that have passed. It was the
first and only lynching that occurred in
that mining camp. Even now a gray
haired pioneer will be met who will de
clare that divine retribution has over
taken many of the principal partici
pants in this hillside tragedy: that they
have met violent endl-igs.
WINFIELD J. DAVIS.OUR CHRISTMAS AMD THE TERRORS OF DEATH VALLEY.
IN a cozy home at the edge of the town of Lodi lives Mrs. Julia
Brier, with her son, Rev. J. YV. Brier Jr., his wife and two sturdy
grandchildren.
A very bright, but modest, wee old lady, now in her eighty-fourth
year, is the heroine of the famous Death Valley party. This is the first
time bince 1850 that she has spoken of that awful experience to a news
paper representative.
Special to the Sunday Call.
I DON'T know how to tell you about
our struggle through Death Valley
in 1849-50 and the Christmas we
spent amid its horrors. I never ex
pected to say anything about it for
a newspaper. I was the only wo
man in the party — Mr. Brier, our three
boys, Columbus, John and Kirk, the
oldest being nine years, and two young
men, St. John and Patrick, made up
our "mess," as we called it.
We reached the top of the divide be
tween Death and Ash valleys and, oh,
what a desolate country we looked
down into. The next . morning we
Btarted down. The men said they could
see what looked like springs out in the
valley. Mr. Brier was always ahead
to explore and find water, so I was left
with our three boys to help bring up
the cattle. We expected to reach the
springs in a few hours and the men
pushed ahead. I was sick and weary,
and the hope of a good camping place
was all that kept me up. Poor little
Success on the Stage by Stuart Robson.
THERE is only one way to" learn
how to act. said Stuart Robson,
and that is to go on the stage
and act. In all the history cf the
-iish speaking sta<re there
have been only two great expon
ent?, of the dramatic art whose success
lii won in any other way. They
were David Garriek and Mary Ander
son, two commanding geniuses whose
bo ur.-.u that they were
not I to the path of ordi
nary mortal*.
Do : it misunderstand this. I have
known many ' talented persons who
have been able to act acceptably after
being taught in the schools, but what
ever they have attained of true success
has been In spite of their teaching in
the schools and not because of it. Act
ing is different from most other profes
sions. The principles of law, theology
and the b may be learned in
ischooi ami knowledge of these princi
ples is the main thing with those who
become lawyers, divines, teachers,
■>isis and the like. You may, after
,1 fashion, Learn what are termed the
principles atic art, but their
application can be learned before the
footlights only.
I was led to comprehend this truth
ycflwi ago, when only a young man. I
was playing with Ben de Bar, after Mr.
Burton, out; of the most 1 apable com
edians of modern times. I had reason to j
hope that I was getting on, yet I was |
far frum satisfied with myself. So, one i
night, after a scene in which I had
be< n on the stage for some minutes
Avith De Bar, I thought I would get
Borne Instruction. I told him I was not
j.k-a^.-il with my bearing in that scene;
that 1 was especially 'disturbed about
the wny I managed my hands.
"Don't worry over your hands, Mr.
Robson." ho said. "Forget them."
You see I had been thinking of my
Kirk gave out and I carried him on
my back, barely seeing where I was go
ing, until he would say, "Mother, I tan
walk now." Poor little fellow! He
would stumble on a little way over the
salty marsh and sink down, crying, "I
can't go any farther." Then I would
carry him again, and soothe him as
best I could.
Many times I felt I should faint, and
as my strength departed I would sink
on my knees. The boys would ask for
water, but there was not a drop. Thus
we staggered on over salty wastes, try
ing to keep the company in view and
hoping at every step to come to the
springs. Oh, such a day! If we hal
stopped I knew the men would come
back at night for us, but I didn't want
to be thought a drag or hindrance.
Night came down and we lost all
track of those ahead. I would get
down on my knees and look in the star-
light for the ox tracks and then we
would stumble on. There was not a
sound and I didn't know whether we
would ever reach camp or not.
About midnight we came around a
big rock and there was my husband at
a small fire.
"Is this camp?" I asked.
hands all through the scene. And of
course, I had been doing something
with them. Now, it is riot so easy as
one might think to do nothing with
your hands, and it was some time after
that before I could compass it. One
night I realized that I had not thought
of them from the time the curtain first
went up to its fin.l fall. I hoped I was
1 getting on before that night. Then I
knew it.
If you were a young man, determined
to go on the stage and anxious to get
advice from me as to your best course,
j I should say get a place in a company
and begin. It would not matter how
insignificant the role, so -long as you
secured a chance to "go on." If you
had it in you to act it would come out.
I No, I wouldn't advise a preliminary
; cnurse in any of the dramatic schools,
so-called, for on the stage you would
have to unlearn most of what you had
j been taught. We are constantly show
! ing young actors and actresses how to
] forget what they have been taught in
the schools.
After you had got your chance to
I tread the boards, I should say pay close
attention to the instructions of the
stage manager. The success of each
! production depends on the conduct of
i each and nil the actors, and it is the
stage manager's business to see that
all appear to the best advantage possi
ble, both individually and as a com
pany.
Next to the stage manager, the young
actor will find older members of the
profession the best sources of instruc
| tion. Actors generally delight to help
i each other, and I have yet to learn of
a player of experience and ability who
would not go out of his way to give
points to an inexperienced actor of in
telligence and ambition.
In a way I must say that my earliest
instructions were received from Edwin
Booth, continued Mr. Robson, but they
wore not very elaborate, since we
were both youngsters when they wer&
given.
Most of my boyhood days were spent
in Baltimore, though I was born in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1898.
The Brier farT)\\y Struggling Across the Arid Wastes of
Death Valley.
"No; it's six miles farther," he said.
I was ready to drop and Kirk wa»
almost unconscious, moaning for a
drink. Mr. Brier took him on his back
and hastened to camp to save his little
life. It was 3 o'clock Christmas morn
ing when we reached the springs. I
only wanted to sleep, but my husband
said I must eat and drink or I would
never wake up. Oh, such a horrible
day and night!
We found hot and cold springs there
and washed and scrubbed and rested.
Annapolis. Our family was not very
prosperous when we removed to Balti
more, and my mother opened a gen
eral boarding house, which in tir>e
came to be a theatrical boarding house.
All boys, as you know, are fond of the
theater, and the fact that actors ate
at my mother's table, where they ware
constantly talking shop, added to my
natural infatuation for the stage. By
the time I was 12 I was fully deter
mined to be an actor, and nothing could
change my mfrid. One of my closest
companions was a boy named Theo
dore Hamilton, a member of my com
pany this season, by the way, an<i one?
day. as we were talking in the street
together, he pointed out a tall, awk
ward boy on the opposite side of the
way.
"That boy's father," said Theodora,
"is a Very big actor. His name is Ju
nius Brutus Booth, and the boy's name
is Edwin."
I remember that I looked at that boy
with awe and wished he were a friend
of mine, but you know how it is with
boys of 15 and boys of 12. He was a
big boy, and we were little boys. Theie
was a great gulf between us. Later -«ye
heard that Edwin Booth, my older
brother, and a few other big boys were
getting up a little dramatic company.
Still later they said we small boys —
Edwin's brother, John Wilkes Booth,
being among the number — might roffle.
times take part, and we actually did
so a few times, the performances being
of pieces manufactured expressly for
out own company by its older mem
bers. Our admission prices range.l
from 1 cent for a boy to 3 cents for an
Irish washerwoman, and we ased .to
take in enough money to buy candles
for the footlights. My own appear
ances, however, were few, since rr.y
mother objected to so small a boy as
1 appearing on a stage, even in play,
and one night she climbed to the lof'.
where our show was going on and too*
me away by force.
That almost broke my heart and
the older boys jeered me unmercifully
That was a Christmas none could evar
forget.
Music or singing? My, no. We were
too far gone for that. Nobody spoke
very much, but I know we were all
thinking of home back East and all the
cheer and good things there. Men
•would sit looking into the fire or stand
fazing away silently over the moun
tains, and it was easy to read their
thoughts. Poor fellows! Having no
other women there, I felt lonesome at
times, but I was glad, too, that no other
was there to suffer.
The men killed an ox and we had a
Christmas dinner of fresh meat, black
coffee and a very little bread. I had
one small biscuit. You see, we were
on short rations then and didn't know
how long we would have to make pro
visions last. We didn't know we wers
in California. Nobody knew what un
told misery the morrow might bring, so
there was no occasion for cheer.
Fred Carr said to me that night:
"Don't you think ynu and the children
had better remain here and let us send
back for you?"
I knew what was in his mind. "No,"
I said, "I have never been a hindrance,
I have never kept the company wait
ing, neither have my children, and
every step I take will be toward Cali
fornia."
Then I was troubled no more. As the
men gathered around the blazing camp
fire they asked Mr. Brier to speak to
them— to remind them of home— though
they were thinking of home fast enough
anyway. So he made them a speech.
It was a solemn gathering in a strange
place.
So ended I believe, the first Christ
mas ever celebrated in Death Valley.
The next norning the company
moved on over the sand to — nobody
knew where. One of the men ahead
called out suddenly, "Wolf! Wolf!"
and raised his rifle to shoot.
"My God, it's a man!" his companion
cried. As the company came up we
found the thing to be an aged Indian
lying on his back and buried in the
sand — save his head. He was blind,
about It. Worse yet, they said I
couldn't play in their company any
more, for they weren't goin?? to be
bothered with boys not old enough to
be untied from their mother's 1 apron
strings. But they did consent to let
me sit in the audience, deadhead, and
I was a regular attendant. One night
they had a big house. There were sev
eral pay boys, another deadhead be
sides myself, and at least four wash
erwomen present. Just as the curtain
went up an unusual thing occurrod. A
man paid his way in and came climb
ing up the ladder. He was all muffled
up in an attempt to hide nia face, but
1 noticed that his eyes were piercing
and that he had a broken nose. The
boys before the footlights paid little or
no attention to him at firs:, but the
time came when he held the center cf
the stage. Edwin had lust come on
and was rolling off his lines at a great
rate, when the muffled-up man sudden
ly exposed his face, with ;he piercing
eyes and the broken nose, and, stridii.g
from auditorium to stage — both being
on the same level — seized the boy t>y
the eer, cuffed him soundly and hauled
him struggling down the ladder. It
was the elder Booth who had broken
up the performance. He was of one
mind with my mother aa to the pro
priety of boys playing at theatricals.
Edwin was then sent peremptorily to
the family farm at Bel Air, Md., and
I never saw him again till after he
had become famous, and I had myself
been a professional actor for years.
When I met him I asked him if he re
membered how his father had yanked
him out of that loft. He did perfectly,
and we had a good, hearty laugh over
the remembrance.
"Do yez b'lave in frinolojcy?" asked
Mr. Dolan; "meanin' be that the
sighnce of tellin' a man's charackter be
the lumps an' 'is head?" "Iv coorse,"
answered Mr. Rafferty; "there's nothin'
gives a better clew to a man's habits
than lumps, black oyes, patches iv
■htlekln' plaster, and the rest Iv such
signs." — Washington Star.
For the First Time Since 1 850 Mrs, Julia
Brier, the Only Woman of the Party, Re
lates the Awful Experiences of the Trip*
shriveled and bald and looked like a
mummy. He must have been one hun
dred and fifty years old. The men dug
him out and gave him Water and food.
The poor fellow kept saying, "(]od
bless pickaninnies!" Wherever he had
learned that. His tribe must have tied
ahead of us and as he couldn't travel
he was left to die.
When we reached the Jayhawkers'
camp they were about to burn their
wagons and pack their oxen to hurry
along. That made us still gloomier, but
none Complained. The men realized
that 'to stop or go back meant death,
and they determined to struggle on
while strength and life lasted, trust
ing to-morrow to bring them to the
land of plenty. Then we struggled
through the salty marsh for miles and
miles. Oh, it was terrible. We would
sink to our shoetops and as water gave
out we were nearly famished. I have
heard since that Governor Blaisdell ef
Nevada found our tracks there twelvt
years later and still encrusted in the
hardened salt.
A march over twenty miles of dry
sand brought us to the foot of the
mountains, with hope almost gone and
not a drop of water to relieve our
parched lips and swollen tongues. The
men climbed up to the snow and
brought down all they could carry,
frozen hard. Mr. Brier filled an old
shirt and brought it to us. Some ate it
white and hard and relished it as
though it was flowing water, but
enough was melted for our frenzied cat
tle and camp use.
Here we lived on jerked beef and
miserable pancakes. Some of the com
pany told us they were going to leave
their cattle, bake up their provisions
and push ahead as a last resort. Dr.
Carr broke down and cried when we
would not go back to the springs. I
felt as bad as any of them, but it would
never do to give up there. Give vp —
ah, I knew what ;hat meant — a shallow
grave in the sand.
We went over the pass through the
snow into what they named Panamint
Valley, and found a deserted Indian vil
lage among the mesquite trees. We
were rejoiced by seeing hair ropes and
bridles and horse bones, thinking we
had reached civilization. The men
ahead, however, could only report more
sand and hills. After two days here
we struggled away into the desert, car
rying all the water possible. We grew
more fearful of our provisions and
watched each mouthful, not daring to
make a full meal. Coffee and salt we
had in pienty. The salt we picked up
in great lumps in the sand before com
ing over the last mountains. Our cof
fee was a wonderful help and had that
given out I know we should have died.
New Year's day was hardly noticed.
We spent it resting at the head of
Panamint Valley. Sometimes we went
south and again north, not knowing
whether or not we should get out of
that death hole of sand and salt. On
January 6 two of our mess decided to
leave us and take their provisions.
These men — Masterson and Crump
tonr—owned the only flour we hud, so
they baked up their dough, except a
small piece, which I made into twenty
two little crackers and put away for an
emergency. Then with tearful eyes
they gave us their hands, with averted
faces, and turned away without a
word. That was our last bite of bread
until we reached San Francisquito
Ranch, six weeks- later. From that
on my husband and I and the poor
children and St. John and Patrick lived
on coffee and jerked beef, except when
we killed an ox for a new supply.
Even then there was not an ounce of
fat in one and the marrow in their
bones had turned to blood and water.
Did I blame the men for leaving: us
as they did? Oh, it happened so long
ago I can hardly tell now — and they
felt that they ought to try to save their
own lives.
The valley ended in a canyon with
great walls rising vp — oh, as high as we
"Is this camp?" I gasped, as I staggered into the firelight.
could see, almost. There seemed no
way out, for it ended almost in B
straight wall. I know many of the
company never expected to leave that
narrow gorge. By that time most of
them could hardly stagger more than
a few steps at a stretch; some were
beyond even that. Mr. Brier manaeed
to keep erect with the aid of two sticks.
Providence was with us that awful
night, or the morning would have risen
on the dead.
Seeping up from the sand Mr. Brier
found a little water, and by diggine: the
company managed to scoop up about a
pint an hour. Coffee and dried beef
kept us alive till morning, but the
moaning of the suffering cattle was
pitiful. At daylight we managed to
reach the lowest bench of the cliff by
holding to the cattle. Father Fish
came up by holding to an ox's tail, but
could go no farther. That nieht he
died. I made coffee for him, but he
was all worn out. Isham died that
night, too.
It was always the same — hunger and
thirst and an awful silence, so I'll lust
tell of one or two more experiences.
Everybody knows how the company
went across the Mojave Desert and fin
ally reached San Francisquito Ranch.
Our greatest suffering for water was
near Borax Lake. We were for forty
eight hours without a drop. A mirage
fooled us. We went to bed hoDine
against hope.
In the morning the men returned
with the same story: "No water."
Even the stoutest heart sank then,
for nothing but sagebrush and dagger
trees greeted the eye. ■ There were
wails and lamentations from lips that
had never murmured before. My hus
band tied little Kirk to his back and
staggered ahead. - The child would
murmur occasionally, "Oh. father,
Where's the water Y- His pitiful, deliri
ous wails were wora^ to hear than the
killing thirst. It was terrible. I seem
to see it all over again. I staggered
and struggled wearily behind with our
other two boys and the oxen. The lit
tle fellows bore up bravely and. hardly
complained, though they could barely
talk, so dry and swollen were their Hds
and tongue. John would try to cheer
up his brother Kirk by. telling him of
the wonderful water we would find and
all the good things we could get to
eat. Every step I expected to sink
down and die. I could hardly see.
At last we came upon two Germans of
the company, who had gone ■ ahead.
They were cooking at a tiny fire.
"Any water?" asked my husband.
"There's vasser," one said, pointing
to a muddy puddle.
The cattle rushed into it, churning up
the mud, but we scooped it up and
greedily gulped it down our burning,
swollen throats. Then I boiled coffee
and found the pot half full of mud,
so you can see what that water was
like. It was awful stuff, but it saved
c-ur lives. A little later we came to a
beautiful cold spring. Oh, how good it
was. I have always believed Provi
dence placed it there to save us, for it
was in such an unlikely place.
Sometimes we found water and grass
in plenty, but never a thing to eat,
save where we tried making acorn
bread, and that was a failure. And the
silence of it all!. At night I would go
to bed praying " for God to help us
through. "Oh." I thought, "if I could
only see something to show the end of
our journey." But I didn't dare speak
of it for fear of alarming the children.
But I never lost hope. I couldn't give
up. We needed all our hope and faith.
I knew before starting we would have
to suffer, but my husband wanted to
go. and he needed me.
When near the place where Mojave
is now Robinson said to me: "Mrs.
Brier, I have a presentiment I shall
never reach California." None of us
knew then that we were well across
a section of the State.
"Oh, yes, you will; don't give up," I
said to cheer him. The next day he
fell off his pony and died. The men dug
a shallow grave with thtir knives and
laid him to rest.
Father Fish said he thought the Lord
would bring him through because he
came in such a good cause, fie in
tended to raise enough money to pay
off his church's debt, back in Northern
Indiana.
Then there was Gould. He would
pick up everything the rest threw
away, until he had so much that Mr.
Brier gave him an ox to carry his load.
Gould repented and had a most happy
conversion out in the desert.
Before the bread gave out one man,
i 'mker, who was in our party com
plained of the short allowance of bread.
1 t</ld him we must save it as long as
possible, and he said, with an oath,
that he would have it while it lasted.
"You shall," I said, "but that won't
be long," and it wasn't. Then he left
our mess. Before we were through
that journey I heard that man begging
for even the entrails of a crow.
Did I nurse the sick? Ah, there was
little of that to do. I always did what
I could for the poor fellows, but that
wasn't much. When one grew sick he
just lay down, weary like, and his life
went out. It was nature giving up.
Poor souls!
So we went on and on until the morn
ing we arrived at San Francisquito
ranch. Oh, that was a beautiful morn
ing. Just before this the men had
killed a wild mare and two coits and
thecompany ate the meat with a relish,
but it tasted- too sweet. This morning,
February 12, 1850, the sun was bright
and. the grass and flowers seemed like
paradise" after the awful sand and rocks
of the desert. One of the men shot a
hawk and another a rabbit and we were
preparing to have a feast on them,
when we heard more shooting ahead.
The wind blew to-ward us the sound of
lowing cattle and. we were, in great
wonder. The Jayhawkers came rush
ing back with dilated eyes, saying they
had. seen ten thousand head of cattle
and wagon tracks and believed we were
near a farm. Oh, what an excitement
came over us! Soon we came up to
where the Jayhawkers had killed some
cattle and saw thousands of head all
around, and the men eagerly cut off
pieces of the warm, raw meat, ready to
devour it, when an old Spaniard and
some Indian vaqueros came galloping
up on fine horses.
Our men expected trouble and held,
their guns ready. The Spaniard was
amazed at our appearance, I suppose.
We looked more like skeletons than hu
man beings. Our clothes hung in
tatters. My dress was in ribbons, and
my shoes, hard, baked, broken pieces
of leather. Some of the company still
had the remains of worn-out shoes with
their feet stickin" through, and some
wore pieces of ox hide tied about their
feet. My boys wore oxhide moccasins.
Patrick knew a little Spanish and said
to the Spaniard, pointing to Mr. Brier,
"Padre."
The old man took off his hat, bowed
and said in a broken voice, "Poor little
Padre!" He led us up to his house and
the old lady there burst out crying
when she saw our condition. They
were very kind and cooked us a grand
feast, killing the finest animal among
their cattle in honor of the "padre."
Our stomachs were too weak to di
gest the solid food and we nearly died
in fearful agony after eating so
heartily.
In the midst of our awful pain Dr.
Irving of Los Angeles happened along
and by the use of medicines relieved us.
But for him some would have died, for
the men were rolling in fearful pain,
all bloated, on the ground. We rested
at the ranch and then traveled on to
Los Angeles without trouble, being aid
ed all the way.
It was like coming back from death
into life again. It was a long, long,
weary walk, but thank God, he brought
us out of it all.
1920
Girls in Our Schools Are Learning to Cook.
TWENTY - FIVE little girls
cooking a Christmas dinner, and
every one as eager and anxious
about her own special dish aa if
Santa Claus himself were com
ing to dine.
This is what I found at the Hearst
Grammar School.
Mad^e Rix was weighing out flour
for a pie, while Helen Costa measured
out the shortening into the same dish.
At her own small gas stove Teresa
Shearer cooked the pumpkin for filling
for the pie. She had just finished cut
ting up the yellow cubes, and, with her
assistant — each dish was made by a
principal and an assistant — was scrap
ing up the bits of peeling and putting
her table in order.
Bread was rather too much of an un
dertaking, so biscuits were making in
stead, .nd Mary Burfleld rolled them
out, while Anna Mache buttered the
tin on which they were to bake.
Violet Fowler lighted her stove and
set the cranberries on to cook, but I
am sure she hindered the process by
overassiduous stirring with a long
handled wooden spoon. Potatoes were
boiling and celery was being carefully
■washed. But the most important were
the girls at the sink. They sv«sre stuf
flnd a turkey, and there was more stuf
fing than space where the stuffing
goes.
"Oh, I know what — cakes!" and the
stuffing was patted into little round
cakes and put in beside the turkey to
brown.
All the odors, even the onions, went
out Into the halls and made the boys
wish for once they were girls and could
be in Miss Toomey's cooking class.
Even the teachers "to sign or not to
sign, salary of no salary." thoughts
came back and the" remembered that
It was Christmas time and that the
little girls were having a resume of
their year's lessons and cooking a din
ner to be sent to a poor family.
They are the children who live in the
neighborhood of Telegraph Hill, mogt-
Curious Javanese Puppets That Have Been Sent to Uncle Sam as a Christmas Present.
Java Marionettes, Just Presented to the Washington Museum as a Christmas Gift.
These are play-actors of wood and leather, whose business it is to represent divinities in a sort of Or ental passion play. In form they are remarkably hideous, but dressed in
many gaudy colors, whiie to the hands of each one are attached iong slender sticks, by means of which the arms are manipulated by the manager and made to perform whatever
gestures may be requisite -""
Pupils of One of the Grammar Schools Get Up an Elaborate DinQer— What They Think of Their Work-
The Twenty-five Little Girls Were in Their White flprons Cooking a Christmas Dinner, and Every One Was as Eager and flnxious About Her Own Special Dish as if Santa
Claus riiroself Were Coming to Dine-
ly foreigners, or, I beg their pardon,
Americans: for they are all Americans,
even if they cannot speak much Eng
lish. They are all like one little girl
whom I asked what nationality she
might be.
"Yes, lam American. I was in Ber
lin born. My father, he can good speak;
also so can my mother."
Anyway she was a bright child, and
had all the German housewifely ways
and was one of the best little cooks in
the class.
They are mostly Italian names on the
roll call and a good many Greek.
"Why do you learn to cook?" I asked
one little black-eyed girl.
"So when I can cook the men won't
want to ero to a saloon and drink. They
will eat so much they can't drink."
Maybe it was not exactly as Miss
Toomey had taught the class, but at
least the child had an idea, and it was
not such a bad one for a little girl to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1898.
have either. She does teach them that
"a lady" is first of all a "loaf giver,"
and that she is not a real lady unless
she knows how to do a lady's work in
the world. There is not much woman's
rights taught in the class, as the term
is usually applied, but Miss Toomey
tries to teach her classes of girls what
it means to be born a girl who will
some day grow up Into a woman and
be a wife and mother. Every one of
her girls must take in some of the
talks, and when the time comes for her
to make her own special turnings in
life she will surely not forget what she
has learned in this class.
The children go to Miss Toomey for
half a day's lesson twice a Week. She
has a "cooking center" and a room
fitted up with small tables with each
an individual gas stove. There is a
large gas range, a sink and all the usual
kitchen paraphernalia besides. The
children do the work themselves and
it is part of the regular school curri
culum.
Unlike kitchen garden work the
course contains no, plays or songs or
make-believes of any kind. One lesson
will be on potatoes, say. They have
potatoes and cook them. When the po
tatoes are done the pupils mash some
and some are made into potato cakes,
some creamed. Then they warm them
over and learn the best methods of
economical use for scraps. Another day
it may be onions or apples or carrots
or any other vegetable.
In teaching how to cook meals Miss
Toomey has charts and the children
learn how to choose meat when they
go to the butcher's and what cut of beef
or mutton to boil or roast or broil, and
all the whys and wherefores.
The girls average about thirteen
years and have been taking cooking
for a year. One examination which Miss
Toomey gave them was to provide a
dinner for four persons with an outlay
of $1. Each child wrote out her shop
ping- list and it was offered before she
made her purchases, which she must
do by herself. The flour, sugar, butter,
salt and all staples required were pur
chased from the school supply, but the
meats and vegetables and fruits were
bought outside.
One child whose sweet face and sim
ple manners tell of a comfortable,
thrifty mother»had in her menu:
Stewed breast of mutton with car
rots.
Boiled rice.
Baked tomatoes.
Artichokes with mayonnaise dressing.
Apple pie and coffee.
The selection and combination being
made entirely by herself and the din
ner served in a way that would tempt
any man "to eat so much he could not
drink anything."
She is a little girf| born in Germany,
WASHINGTON, Dec. 25.-The
National Museum has just
received a most interesting
Christmas gift in the shape
of a collection of marionettes
from Java, in which coun
try puppets of this kind are believed
to have originated. These are play
actors of wood and leather, whose busi
ness it is to represent divinities in a
sort of Oriental passion play. In form
they are remarkably hideous, but
dressed in many gaudy colors, while to
the hands of each one are attached
long slender sticks, by means of which'
the arms are manipulated by the man
ager and made to perform whatever
gestures may be requisite.
Java is unquestionably the earliest
home of the pantomime. In ordinary
theatrical performances, where the
parts are taken by human beings, the
actors themselves utter not a word, the
entire play being recited by a man who
occupies a sort of prompter's box.
From this style of thing it is not such
a great transition to the pantomime
show of the marionettes, whose talking
is all done for them by the showman.
The latter carries his puppets about
with him in a chest, and there is al
ways an orchestra of two or more play
ejrs who furnish a sort of musical ac
companiment to the action. There is
always a certain amount of ceremony
of a mumbo-jumbo character, includ
ing the burning of incense and the
shutting out of a copper basin to .re
ceive offerings of food for the spirits
which are imagined to be hovering
around. - The food, of which the spirits
take only an Immaterial part, is actual
ly a perquisite of the manager and mu
sicians.
The marionettes are shown over the
top of a small fence constructed for
the purpose, and in very much the same
manner as Punch and Judy. In front
the audience is divided as to sexes in
a very curious way. Men occupy the
first rows of "orchestra stalls," so to
speak, while behind them a big sheet
is suspended, In the rear of which the
women sit. Thus the men see the play,
while the women view only the shadows
of the manikins on a sheet.
Professor Otis T. Mason of the Na
tional Museum says that among all
primitive people the drama is religious
in character, secular plays being un
known. Probably the ancient Egypt
ians used in some such way the me
chanical dolls whose remains are often
found in mummy coffins. At the feast
of Osiris marionettes played an impor
tant part in the pageant, and when
Rome was at the acme of her glory
they flourished exceedingly. The priests
of old, in Greece, Rome and Egypt, did
not hesitate to furnish the images of
the gods with mechanical devices by
which the divinities could be made to
nod their heads and indicate by other
movements whatever wishes they
might be desired to convey. Such im«
ages were, in fact, only marionettes of
large size. After the fall of Rome and
during subsequent centuries of barbar
ism in Europe the puppets of whatever
kind seem to have disappeared, to be
called to life again in the middle ages,
and once more for religious purposes
to a great extent.
It came Into fashion to give bolv
and Miss Toomey says that the Ger
man children take to the cooking and
housework more naturally than the
children of any other nationality, and
that the Americans are well down on
the list.
It was a question in my mind how
do the fathers and mothers on an aver
age feel regarding the cooking lessors.
I went to the homes of four of the girls,
selected at chance. In on. ; ■family, Ger
man, the father was very proud of his
daughter. It was a very well-to-do
home and the man was evidently pros
perous and himself well educated.
"It is very good for Hilda. We find
everything different here from the old
country. My wife speaks no English,
and buying things is very hard for her.
The children think whatever Is Ameri
can-cooked is better than our way, and
so we let Hilda have her way. They
must live here. I am glad to have them
get to be Americans just as soon as*
I plays in the churches, the marionettes
being made to take the parts of saints
and various revered personages, the
Savior himself being not omitted. This
sort of sacerdotal drama obtained ex
ceptional development in Poland, where
the priests organized most elaborate
I performances, one of the most admired
I being entitled "The Massacre of the In
nocents." In this tragedy little dolls
represented Jesus, Mary, Joseph, the
three Magi, angels, shepherds and even
the animals in the stable where Chrisi
was born. In fact, this particular play
j is preserved to this day in Poland as a,
popular diversion, though by no means
regarded in any blasphemous spirit. In
another drama the Prodigal Son went
through a series of unpleasant experi
ences. What he was about to eat
changed into skulls; the water he
would drink was converted into flame
and finally a rock split open and re«
vealed a man hanging from a gallows.
The limbs of the corpse fell off one by
one, then assembled themselves on the
ground, and the dead man arose and
pursued the prodigal.
Curiously illustrative of the preva
lence of this kind of religious drama is
a word that still survives in the Span
ish language in which "retablo" means
either an altar piece or a puppet show.
It would appear that in course of time
the employment of marionettes in
churches became abused, scandals re
sulted from it, and thus the decadence
of mechanical saints began. A regula
tion was passed at a synod in the Va
lencian bishopric at the beginning of
the seventeenth century forbidding the
representation of the Virgin and other
holy personages by puppets. By this
time, however, marionettes had been
taken up for secular purposes. Discard
ing the solemn air of holiness they
turned from grave to gay, substituting
profane quips and jests for the pious
remarks and judicious discourse which
had formerly made up their "lines."
Their costumes and "stage business"
underwent corresponding alterations.
This did not come about all at once.
The expulsion of the marionettes from
the churches was only gradually ac
complished, and it can hardly be said
that the last of them have departed
even yet. The mechanical saint is by
no means altogether unknown in Ro
man Catholic countries at the present
day, and it sometimes does some very
remarkable things, calculated to stimu
late faith and to excite the awe of all
true believers. The earliest perform
ances by marionettes in Europe out
side of churches were of the religious
kind. One of these plays, which still
survives, represents the temptation of
St. Anthony. The old gentleman ha.d an
exceedingly hard time, the wife of Satan,
I who is a much-bedizened creature, try
' ing to seduce him, while a lot of little
, devils attempt to steal his pig, which
lis represented as his only friend. At
length they set the pig's tail on fire,
but St. Anthony puts him out and is
presently taken up aloft, where the
i fiends can get at him no longer.
It is said that the first marionettes of
i the secular kind ever seen in Fjance
j were exhibited in IS6B by a man named
| Marion, from whom the name applied
to them Is derived. A century later a
dentist named Brioche opened at Paris
a little theater in which the actors were
i wooden puppets. His success was irn
| mense. Paris has now a good many
theaters of marionettes, in which regu
lar plays in several acts are performed.
These dramas, as a rule, are not printed
they can, and I guess they lews . *
fastest in the school." , j
Oftentimes when a girl must . go tq'
work and leave school she can manage
,tO., tO . ft* 11 attend the cooking lessons!
which is always permitted. .. .
% But,, Miss Toomey," I asked her, "it
must, cost a good sum for materials?"
"Not very much, no. Many grocers
are glad to have me use their flour or
baking powder or spices, and give it tq
me just far the advertisement. The ex-j
pense for the last year averaged $6 a
month, which is not a great deal."
"How about the supply now, is it
like the coal and salaries?"
"Yes, I am sorry to say it is Just the
same."
"Thai does not look very poverty-!
stricken," I said, nodding to the basket
in which she had packed the dinner
which the children had prepared, and
which was destined for a family whera
sickness had disabled the breadwinner.
"But it is the last, I am afraid. I
have been buying materials out of my
own money for several months. 1
could stand it so long as I got my
salary, but I cannot do it any longer."
"Surely the board will refund the
money you have expended." i
"Mr. Webster says it is extremely
unlikely, and told me I did it entirely
at my own risk."
There are three other "cooking cen
ters" where the girls of the sixth and
seventh grades learn to cook and wash
dishes and tables and floors. The othe»
classes have to meet different condi
tions, however, as they take in mostly
the wealthier class. ;
It is very seldom that a child in any
of the classes; is not interested in tha,
work. It is half play to them, and at)
from 12 to 14 every girl who is right
minded is beginning to realize a little
of what it means to be a girl and not a
boy.- She is beginning to see that she
has to live her life, and is thinking)
of what that life' may be. It is tho
best' age for her to take to herself the
lessons she learns twice a week in her
cooking class. HELEN GREY.
■ V ;■•'.- . : — — ■ <.. ■ — i
■ America has 22,000 periodicals.
New York has 3000 oyster shops.
or even written, being simply memor
ized by the showman. On this account
there is no censorship by the authori
ties, and many political and other al
lusions are introduced which would not
be permitted on the ordinary stage. The
puppets wear fine dresses and their
faces are carved and colored, so as to
be as life-like as possible. The typical,
Briton, in elaborate plaid and eye
glasses, is a favorite character.
Some marionettes are as much as
three feet high, and are exhibted at
regular theaters. The furniture and all,
other things on the stage are so care
fully proportioned to the human figures
represented that the latter actually
seem to be life-size. The best puppets
of this kind have paper heads, bodtea
and thighs of wood and arms and legs
partly of lead. Thus constructed they
obey the slightest impulse given to
them and their movements can be con
trolled with wonderful precision. From
the top of the head of each doll issuea
an iron rod, by which it is easily trans
ported from one part of the stage to
another. This rod is, in fact, a tube,
through which pass a number of
'threads connected with various parts
of the anatomy of the puppet. One de
vice that has been adopted to conceal
these threads from the spectators is a
screen of very fine perpendicular
threads, drawn tight, which is placed
in front of the stage, so as to inter
vene between the audience and the little
performers. The threads that move the,
marionettes blend with the threads of
the screen in such a way as to deceive
the most attentive eye.
There are titles that are worth dying
for. We have always envied the ruler of
Swat, certain rajahs, the Mad Mullah,
more than Mr. Sousa, the March King, or
the Czar of all tho Russias. And would
you have "The Turquois King of the
Jarillas"' die peacefully in his bed like
any Mr. Higgins? A man with such a
title Fhould meet an unusual death. We
regret only for the sake of romanticism
that he was shot while eating breakfast.
Did "The Turouols King of the Jarillas"
wear his favorite Jewel in a ring, and did
it give him no omen of approaching
death? The Sieur de Teligny, going wits
1200 men against Nantes, stopped his ex
pedition because the stone of his Ting
fell from the setting.
The thought of titles reminds us thai-
Mr. Francis de Pressense loses more than
the decoration of the Legion of Honor by
his honorable conduct in the Dreyfus
case. Tho wearers of this decoration re
ceive also a stipend. Holders of grand
crosses receive each about $000 a year, thq
grand officers $400. the commanders $200,
the officers $100. and the chevaliers $50.
Since there are thirty-five grand crosses,
172 grand officers, 812 commanders. 3964
officers and 25,322 chevaliers, the Legion,
of Honor costs France yearly over $1,800,-.
Oeo. Military medals in France are ac
companied with an annual payment, and
over 51,000 wearers cost the Government
over $1,000,000 each year.— Boston Journal.
A stalk of cotton was grown on Wil
liam Newton's place,- in this county,
which is probably the largest, ever
grown within its limits. It measured
15% feet high, is 10 inches .around tho
stalk near the ground, is 12 feet across,
weighing 45 pounds, and containing 800
bolls and squares. "William Newton,
W. F. Rhodes and J. M. Hawkins tes
tify as to the size, weight and measure
ment, and also as to the number olj
bolls, etc., on it, and they say that they
will challenge anybody In the State to
prove that it is not the rr.oat remarkab.lß
stalk of cotton ever grows In Missis
sippi.—Greenville (Miss.) Advocate.SHE DRIVES A FOUR-HORSE COACH OVER THE MAIL ROUTE.
A HANDSOME young lady, Miss
Alice Westover, daily drives
he four-horse Concord stage
which conveys mall and pas
sengers between Mesa Grande
and Ramona, in the mountains
fifty miles east of the city of San Di
ego. It would not be strange if the
duty were performed by a man, al
though the grades are steep and acci
dents are not uncommon when the
brake fails to work and crowds the
fretful horses into a gallop down the
long grade between Mesa Grande and
Black Mountain Canyon.
But the novelty of seeing- pretty Al
ice Westover alone on the box, deftly
guiding the four-in-hand up and down
the mountain grades remains as full of
Interest to the mountaineers along the
route as it is to the occasional passen
ger who transfers his baggage and him
self from the San Diego stage at Ra
mona to the stage bound for Mesa
Grande and places himself under the
care of this alert and active young wo
man.
Alice Westover is no ordinary young
daughter of a mountaineer, whose life
and surroundings have been influenced
by the rough life of isolated communi
ties. She is not only pretty, but edu
cated anJ refined, with all the culture
and grace of the best city bred young
woman of to-day. She is 20 years old
—her friends say— and is the daughter
ftl X. Westover, a well-known
rancher of Mesa Grande who has the
contract for carrying the United States
mail in that section.
Mr. Westover is a busy man. He
formerly employed men to drive the
sta- to Ramona, but things never ran
smoothly. The horses were driven
nearly to death, and complaints were
numerous over the failure of the stage
to make connections. Mr. Westover
has no son to share his responsibilities
and was almost on the point of giving
up his mail contract when his daugh
ter Alice one day asked to be allowed
to drive the stage to Ramona and back
"What:" exclaimed her father.
"Those leaders would whisk you off the
hn X before you could say Jack Robin-
F"n. You would never reach Santa Is
abel Creek, much less Ramona."
"I should like to try, anyway." was
Alice's reply. "Unless you absolutely
Rounding One of the Curves in the ElacK Mountain Canyon.
CLEVER CHRISTMAS MAGIC.
THE feast is over and the crack- j
ers have been pulled. The vocal
ists have warbled their latest
lays and the elocutionist has en
livened the company with a
comic recitation. What shall be the
next item of the programme? "Cant ,
somebody show us a few conjuring ■
tricks?" I propose to put the youthful
reader in a position to reply: "I will."
I will not undertake to make him in
one lesson a Bertram or a Hartz; but
if he will faithfully follow my instruc
tions he will be quite conjurer enough,
after a few dayr' practice, to have been
burnt as a wizard, had he but lived a |
few centuries earlier. We will begin j
with a comparatively simple experi- j
ment-
To Melt a Coin in the Flame of a Candle.
Two lighted candles should be placed j
upon the table, where they may remain j
throughout the "show." One only is j
actually needed for the trick, but it
looks better to have two, and. it adds
somewhat to the effect If you allow
the audience to decide which of them
you should use. The only other require- |
ment is a little piece of tinfoil, crumpled
up and rolled into a ball of, say, half
an inch in diameter. This is to be dis
posed of as follows: Hun a black pin
through your vest, point downward.
co that the head shall be almost level
with the lowest button and an inch to j
the left of it. On the point of the pin
impale the little ball, which will thus |
hang down Just inside the front of the
vest. This is, -f course, done privately
beforehand.
Having proi ired the loan of a half
dollar so "marked" as to be easily
recognized, you make a lit' le oration to
something lll_i the fallowing effect;
forbid me to make the attempt I will
drive the stage down to-morrow."
"Ho, ho!" was her father's good
natured but contemptuous response,
and nothing more was said about the
matter that day.
The next morning Alice in a becoming
ykirt, hitched up the four horses and
was ready to start out with the coach
before her father knew what was go
ing on. When he became aware of the
situation he looked surprised, but aaid
nothing, except to give her a few words
of advice.
So Miss Westover, who had learned a
'hings about driving during her
lifetime in th<' mountains, cracked t!i •
long whip and started with the foar
in-hand for the Mesa Grande Postolfiee
after the outgoing mail. Postmast?r
Gedney was also surprised when lie
learned that the stage was to be taken
down the mountain by Miss Westover,
but he placed the mail pouch in tie
boot of the stage and refrained from
aying just what he thought about -he
matter.
Mish Westover has driven the four
bronchos down the mountain many
times since then, but she will never for
get that first trip to Ramona, eighteen
miles over the rough grades, and the
return trip later in th^ day. Over the
crest of the hump which hides Mesa
Grande Postofflce from the top of the
grade the stage lumbered, the horses !n
high spirits and anxious for a gallop.
There were no passengers in the stage
that morning.
The mad takes a winding course
down the grade, and there are sharp
turns to be made to avoid the trees and
an occasional boulder. It makes a par
ticularly sharp descent in passing Lace
Falls, where the water from th« moun
tain falls a sheer one hundred feet and
runs down the canyon to Santa Isabel
Creek. The creaking brake and clatier
ing hoofs of the horses had caused an
early traveler on the grade to make a
wide turn out from the road at a con
venient point even before he saw the
stage coming. He stared in unfeigned
surprise when he saw nobody but a
young lady on the box. the horses com
pletely under her control, though rat
By Professor Hoffman.
"With thi? half-dollar, ladies and gen
tlemen, I propose to show you a rather
curious experiment. I am going to melt
It in the flame of one of these candles.
Which candle shall I use? "his one?
Very good. Now, in a general way,
you might held half-dollars over can
dles for a twelvemonth, with no result,
save burning your fingers. But by the
aid of a little mesmeric friction the
thing becomes as <-;isy v possible."
'Showing the coin in the right hand.
you transfer It to the left, letting it ]
He toward the tips of the second and
third fingers. You rub it gently with
the ringers of the right hand, and then,
taking it again in that hand, hold it |
over the flame of the candle.) "No
result as yet; v.c must try again." (He- j
peat, and then test it by pretending to |
bend it with the fingers.) "It is getting \
soft, you see, for it bends quite easily." J
This effect is an optical illusion. Tt
the coin be held as shown in figure 1,
and the fingers bent backward and for
ward (as though hinged to its edges),
some peculiar effect of light and shade
makes it appear to the spectators that
the coin bends with the motion of the
fingers. To proceed:
"Again I. place it in the left hand
and rub it a little more, and this time
it will melt clean away, right into the
flame of the candle." As you say th^so
words you lift the candlestick with the
right hand (as In figure 2), and with
the fingers and thumb of the other hand
make a rubbing movement Immediately
above the flame, as if crumbling the
cola into it. The left hand ia then
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SL'XDAY, DECEMBER 25, 189 S.
How Miss Alice Westover Takes the Passengers Over a Mountain Road in Southern California.
tling along at a lively rate with the
swaying stage.
The end of the nine-mile grade down
Mesa Grande ends at Black Mountain
Canyon, where Miss Westover drew up
the horses at a farm house known as
Sutherland Postoffice, and took on an
other mail bag. It was not long after
that before the stage was crawling up
the dangerous Graves Canyon road,
where even lighter vehicles have to be
managed with great care to avoid acci
dents at the abrupt turns among the
trees. But the stage was taken through
Bafely, and better time was made on the
road leading through Hatfield Canyon.
The arrival of Miss Westover with the
stage at Ramona was a notable ewnt.
A small crowd gathered at the Post
offlce when it was noised about that a
young lady had brought the stage down
from Mesa Grande. "Yes, it's so,"
Postmaster Strachan had told inquisi
tive residents of the town, "and she is
now getting her lunch down at the
hotel. She's the daughter of Mr. West
nver, and if the stage always got in on
as good time as it did to-day I'd never
kick."
"Well, she did certainly get in on
time." observed a bystander, . "but
blame me if I see how she handled
them bronchos on the Graves Canyon
grade. Dunno as I'd care to try it my
self, only as you give me time and a
good brake."
After the arrival of the stage from
San Diego and the transfer of mails for
Sutherland and Mesa Grande, Miss
Westover started with the stage and
two passengers on the return trip. One
of the passengers — a young man drum
ming up country trade for a Los An
geles house— had told his elderly com
opened and shown empty. From the
position of the hand holding the candle
the inside of that hand is also freely
seen, but the coin has disappeared.
This effect depends upon a very sim
ple little piece of sleight-of-hand. When
you are, for the last time, about to
transfer the coin from the right hand
to the left, you let it lie upon the mid
dle join; of the second finger of the
right hand. Just as the right hand ap
proaches the left you raise the fore
finger a little, and clip the edge of the
coin between the fore and second
fingers. The coin is now as shown in
figure 3. Taking up the candlestick
with the sa:ne hand,' as in figure 2. the
coin is invisible, being hidden immedi
ately behind the thumb.
You continue: "You are thinking,
ladies and gentlemen, that this is
rather a costly experiment; and so it
would be if the half-dollar were en
tirely lost; but, fortunately, I can get
it back again, not precisely in the same
shape, but without any loss of the
metal. Do you see a little red spot at
the extreme end of the wick? That's
the coin in a state of fusion, and by
giving the flame a pineh — so — I can
pick it off. You may not see it for the
first moment or two, but you will do so
as soon as it begins to cool. Here it
comes, you see. Here is your half
dollar, sir, still warm. Many thanks
fur the loan of it."
.What you really offer Is tlxe little ball
panion, a crabbed old fellow out to look
at a mine, that he never liked to iide
on the box because it made him feel
sick. The remark was made on tht
way up from San Diego before Ramora
was reached. But when he heard th«;
people at the hotel in Ramona talking
about a young lady being in charge
of the Mesa Grande stage and wh-iii
later he saw her drive the four-in-hand
up to the steps of the hotel he wished
he had not expressed himself so freely
to his companion.
The nervousness experienced by the
two passengers as they left Ramona in
the care of this young woman gave way
to confidence in her ability as mile after
mile was covered. They poked their
heads out of the side when she drew
up the horses with a jerk not far from
the top of the Graves Canyon grade and
heard her begin a conversation with an
elderly man who had suddenly put in
an appearance in a buckboard at a turn
of the road just ahead. The two pas
sengers gathered from the conversation
that their handsome stage driver was
the daughter of this man and that ho
had come down from the other end of
the line to see if she had got through
all right. He evidently thought she had,
for he let her pass on, while he could
now and then be seen coming along be
hind as the road twisted and turned on
the mountain side.
Miss Westover was as promptly on
time in arriving at Mesa Grande as she
had been in getting to Ramona, and
Postmaster Gedney peered over his
spectacles at her as he had done when
of tinfoil. While all eyes are drawn to j
the imaginary "spot of red at 'the end j
of the wick" yo-r left ha:. I goes unper- j
ceived, to the waistband and secures j
the little ball, which is then pushed by
the thumb between the roots of the
second and third fingers. After "pinch-
Ing" the flame, which you do with this
same hand, you make a rubbing motion
i with the thumb upon the fingers, and
gradually work the ball down again to
the finger tips.
The lender naturally objecting to re-
I ceive back ..is money in such an un
! marketable shape, the performer con
tinues: "You can't take it like that?
My dear sir, that is the very newest
| style! However, I daresay I can flatten
lit out a bit for you. But while we have
; been talking the metal has got hard. I
shall have to soften it over the candle i
again." (You hold it over the candle j
accordingly.) "Now I ilatten it out,
give it another mesmeric rub and there
I you have it, in the very same shape as
at first. I have even restored the mark i
i you made on it. Please tell the com- i
i pany whether that is really your own
I half-dollar."
The restoration is managed as fol- I
i lows: When you remark that the metal
, has. grown cold, and must be warmed
I again, you are holding the little ball
j with the tips of the fingers of the left j
1 hand. In the act of taking it back I
i into the right, you drop the half-dollar j
: from the latter into the palm of {he left I
i hand. Holding the ball for a moment j
j over the candle flame you roll it round
I and round with the thumb, and in so
! doing work it in between the second and
i third fingers. The moment it is safe
you make believe to transfer it again
to the left hand but in reality bring
the gathered finger tips into the palm
of the left hand on to the coin already
there, continuing the rubbing move
ment, and a moment later exhibit the i
coin restored.
* • •
For the remaining tricks a little more
preparation will be necessary. The 1
only item which need be purchased I
specially will be the glass which you :
can procure at any conjuring depot, j
This is an ordinary champagne tumbler j
of clear white glass, but with the rim i
.ground flat. Instead of being, as usuaLj
she started out in the morning. All Ms
predictions of disaster to the young:
lady had failed of realization and he
extended congratulations in a most
hearty manner. "I'll say this. Miss
Westover," remarked Mr. Gedney, "you
made good time— yes, very good time,
and the roads ain't in the best of shape,
either."
Since that first trip with the four
horse stage last summer Miss Westover
has made the trip of eighteen miles and
return almost daily.
Fortunately Miss Westover has haa
no serious accidents on the road ana
very few minor ones, though she was.
frequently alone both going and return
ing. One of the small mishaps was
when one of the leaders got to kicking
as the stage was about to start up iht
rounded. With this are supplied (where
the glass is intended, as in this case, to
serve a double purpose) two glass discs
(see figure 4). The one (a) is -*. the
same diameter as the top of the glass.
It is very thin, and is usually made
■with a slight rebate or shoulder all
round its under side, that it may adapt
itself the better to the opening.
Now for its use. Three' parts fill the
tumbler with water, lay the disc above
mentioned (which we will call the
"cover") on the top, and invert the
glass as shown in figure 5. You may
now take away the hand which sup
ported the cover, but it win not fall,
neither will the water escape, being
kept in position by atmospheric pres
sure. By artificial light the cover is
invisible and the effect to the spectator
is that the water is held suspended in
the open glass. v
The second disc (b. figure 4) is of the
thickness of a half-dollar and about
the sami: diameter. Its exact size is
such that when dropped into the glass
it just covers the bottom. If the glass
be partially full of water the disc will
be invisible, even to close inspection.
The other requirements will be found
in any household. They consist of a
carafe of water, two plates, - dessert
knife, and a couple of oranges. Of these
latter, one may be as nature made it,
but the other must undergo a little
"preparation. Cut a de > slit in the
'■range at right angles to its axis, and
into the opening thus made squeeze a
half-dollar. Place an orange on each
plate and the plates on the table, a foot
Or to apart, the prepared orange having
the slit turned away from the specta
tors. Just behind the plate which is, on
your right hand (as you stand behind
the table, facing the company), lay the
smaller glass disc, and behind the plate
to your left hand the larger. In these
positions they will be quite hidden from
the company. The table should have
a woolen cover.
The above preparations duly made,
you are ready to show the company.
• • •
Water Bewitched and How to Melt a Coin in
a Glass of Water.
Tour "patter" may now be somewhat
as follows: "Melting silver by the aid
of fire is not an entire novelty, but now
I am going to show you something
much more surprising; how to melt, it
in cold water. Here is some water"
(you three parts fill tumbler from water
bottle) — "mere plain water — the same
stuff you wash with, or take with pills.
By the way. did any of you ever try to
mesmerize water? No? Then I'll show
you how it's done. It's rather a curious
experiment. It will be better, by the
way, to have the glass a little fuller/
Here, with the right hand, you pour
Jn a little more water and under cover
Graves Canyon grade. The unruly
broncho kicked a trace loose, but the
plucky driver, instead of calling one of
the male passengers to her assistance
put on the brake tightly and aftei
wrapping the lines around the brake
bar dismounted and hitched up the re
fractory animal before the passengers
knew why, she had stopped.
At Ramona, where the stage horses
are usually shod. Miss Westover supei
vises the operation at the blacksmith
shop, having fter own ideas as to how
such an important piece of work should
be done. On the road she has become
expert with the whip and can fleck v
fly from the back of the off leader mtii
the skill of an experienced Jehu. Her
courage in driving the stage is all tne
more remarkable when it is remem
of so doing (for everybody watches the ]
glass) take into your left hand the glass
"cover." Then pick up the glass by
bringing the hand down upon it from
above (In so doing gently lowering the
cover on to the top), and hold it up as
if measuring with your eye the quan
tity of water. "I think that will be
about right. I make a few passes over
and round the glass" (you make believe
to do so), "and now, if the conditions
are favorable, the mesmeric force will
overpower the attraction of gravitation
and the water will stand on its head
without difficulty. See, I place my
hand on the top. I turn the glass up
side down. The water does not fall out.
Why? because my hand keeps »it in,
you say. But I take away my hand"
(you do s,o), "and the water still re
mains suspended.
"It is a curious experiment, isn't it?
but anybody can do it if they know
how it's done. In the first place, you
must have the right kind of water.
Secondly, when you take away your
hand, you must hold the glass exactly
perpendicular— so. Would any gentle
man lil.j to try? It's quite simple.
Spread your hand over the mouth of
the glass— quite flat, mind. Now turn
it over. Get the glass exactly upright,
and then take the hand away. AW I'm
afraid yon didn't get the glass quite
perpendicular."
In the course of your remarks you
have once more brought the right hand
over the top of the glass and removed
the cover in the palm. When the ex
perimenter, following your instructions,
inverts the glass and takes away his
hand the water pours out, as might be
expected.
' "We will now fill the glass again, and
I will show you, as I promised, how to
melt silver in water. Will somebody
lend me another half-dollar? Mark it,
please. Now, who will hold it tnl I'm
ready? Hold it high up, so *~at every
body can see that it isn't changed; and
in the other hand hold the glass of
water for me. Now I must ask the loan
of a lady's pocket handkerchief. Thank
you. Now I take the half-dollar" (you
do so); "throw the handkerchief over it,
and hand it back to you. Hold it im
mediately over the glass, please, and we
will drape the folds of the handkerchief
gracefully round the sides. . Now. sir,
when 1 say three,' drop that half-dol
lar into the glass. One — two— three!
You all heard it fall? I just blow upon
the glass and count seven— one, two,
three, four, five, six, seven! Remove
the handkerchief— the half-dollar haa
disappeared — completely melted ! "
The neophyte will at this point need
a little explanation. While you are
again filling the glass, which you do
this time with the left hand, you get
into the right the glass disc. Just be
fore you take the half-dollar from the
person holding it, you squeeze the disc
with the thumb edgeway between the
second and third fingers, so that it shall
project at the back of the hand. Hold
ing the coin in the same hand, you
throw the handkerchief over it, at the
same time turning the hand slightly
over, and with the thumb and fingers
of the opposite hand seize (through the
handkerchief) apparently the coin, but
really the glass disc. This it is which
is handed back to be held over the
glass, and this it is which is dropped
into the water, where it becomes, as
mentioned, invisible., ,
bered that the country between Mesa
Grande and Ramona is thinly settlea
and that an Indian reservation, upon
which are numerous lazy and meddle
some Indians, is not far from the road.
In spite of her signal success as a
stage driver Miss "Westover has always
retained the soft manners that a.ro
characteristic of true refinement, ana
at the balls that are frequently held in
the section surrounding Mesa Grande
she is the most popular belle.
The old shoemaker took the doll and
looked it over.
A leg and an arm were gone. It had
lost part of Its sawdust, and one eye
had disappeared.
"Yes," he said. "I can make & red
morocco shoe to fit this foot, but
what's the use? It isn't worth it.
Why don't you bring me one of your
new dolls?" .--*-.
"This is my crippled child, said the
little girl. "I love it better than I do
the others."— Chicago Tribune.
"Look here!" exclaimed the woman
who had made a sandwich for a tramp
and then thoughtlessly left him alone
for a minute within reach of two whole
pies, "what do you mean by eating all
that pie?" .
•Madam," replied the tramp, politely,
as he let his belt out another hole. "I
am a believer in expansion."— Chicago
Post.
To resume: "The gentleman who
loaned me the half-dollar looks rather
uncomfortable. Cheer up. sir! Your
half-dollar is still in the water, as I
will Drove by passing it thence into one
of these two oranges on the table.
Choose one of them— you like.
This one? Good!" (You thrust the
knife into it. in the slit already made.)
"Perhaps this young gentleman will
hold :it for a moment. High up. sir, so
that all can see it. And now, sir, I will
trouble you for the glass. I pour a few
drops t>f;' the water over the orange.
Presto! 1 Pass! Now, sir, if you will cut
open 1 the orange, you will find in the
center " the marked coin". There it is,
you J see, .a little damp, but otherwise
not a half-cent the worse. Do you see
the mark? Wait one moment; let me
dry it for you." ; (iou wipe It with your
handkerchief.) 1 "Now you" can see the
mark plain enough. ' Perhaps ; the gen
tleman will tell us whether 7 that is
really his own - half-dollar. v,; .;- ;
"As the other orange 1 will not be
wanted, perhaps some one will' cut it
open, and testify that .it 1 is : just a fair,
ordinary orange, as you would have
found the other. Please remember that
you yourselves *' chose which * '- one , I
should ■ use." '/■
■' "But suppose," says the reader, "that
the choice had fallen on the unprepared
orange?" It would have come to pre
cisely the same thing. The performer,
in that case, says: "You choose this
one? • Good ; here is a ; knife — it in,
half, and see for yourself that it is a
fair, ordinary orange. This other, which
you might have chosen if you preferred
it, ; I will '.■ take for the purpose of my;
experiment."' . . y -.'■.•■'
As. the acute reader will doubtless
have surmised, the substitute half-dol
lar: is exchanged," under cover of the
"drying" process, for the original,
which has remained. throughout the lat
ter part of the trick in the right hand
of the. performer. , „ , .".
./*".••«■"'•'• .
The' novice will, of course, understand
that he must not attempt to exhibit the
foregoing tricks in public without hav
ing duly practiced them, till he has the
needful movements ' perfect * before a
looking-glass. Given, however, the
usual number of fingers and thumbs, a
little perseverance 'and (this in confi
dence)* plenty of "cheek," : he will be
surprised at the effect he can produce
with them. . •!■,-;
;'-", People often ask how it is that the fu
ture of Palestine presents such difficul
ties. The reason Is simply that Jerusalem
—you cannot separate Jerusalem from.
Palestine— is the sacred city ' of so many
creeds and warring faiths. Not only is it
the Holy place of all \ the Christian
churches, and two of them quarrel bit
terly over it— the Greeks and the Latins
but it is also one of the most sacred places
In i the Mohammedan world. Mecca and
Medina are hardly more sacred than the
Mosque of Omar. That is a fact which is
often i ignored by Europeans, who - forget
that; to turn the Mohammedans out of the
temple enclosure would disturb- the whole
Moslem world , from the '■ Straits . Settle
ments to Albania.' We must never foriret
that >• Mohammedan pilgrims from India"
visit Jerusalem just as Christian pilgrims
visit ;it from ; Europe. " Lastly/ Jerusalem -
is profoundly sacred to the Jews, and the
Jews are beginning to be locally numerous :
and important.— The Spectator.
•-■ ■ ■ .:- ' ♦ ' — ,
The Ohio man who hanged himself with
a towel, simply wiped himself out of ex
istence,— Chicago News* : : -;,-
2122
QUEER DUNGEON WHERE NEW YORKERS DINE FOR "THE NEWEST EXCITEMENT"
Special to The Call-Herald. .
THINK of a dinner party in a i
dungeon— the menu served with
such accompaniments as clank
ing chains on ponderous door=,
great iron-barred windows, and :
swarthy, low-browed attendants
tn prison garb stalking in and out with
the steaming viands. It makes you
shudder, doesn't it? Yet just such |
dinners as these promise to be quite the '
jolliest of tho winter season, if the few
in which society has already indulged !
may be accepted as criteria.
"The Jolly Dungeon"— for such the
■cent of these grewsome festivities, is )
desipnaterl— has been known to New ;
York for only a few weeks. It is quite
the novelty of the hour. For weird- '
nes.« it equals anything in the old
world. Just now it affords a lot of
fun to tho man who enjoys spring
ing surprises on his friends. He asks
GAMBLERS' TRICKS
ON THE SLOT MACHINE.
THE little saloon-keeper stood bei
fore his own bar, careless and
at his ease, -apparently engaged
in a friendly conversation with
a customer. But in reality he
had his weather eye open, and
was keenly scrutinizing the doings of
an individual who worked the gam
bling machine.
It was one of those big, ornamental
affairs which have become so common
of late in San Francisco saloons. These
machines, which come from some mys
terious factory in Chicago, are similar
!n size and shape to an old-fashioned
eight-day clock, such as the one which
stopped when grandfather died. The
only difference is that -the face, instead
of indicating the hours, is divided in
numerous different colored sections,
ranging in value from 10 cents to a dol
lar.
There are five colors which may be
played. You put a nickel in one of the
Blots, give the handle a strong Dush.
and the dial revolves with great rapid
ity, so that all the colors seem blend
ed. If it stops on a winning number
the machine, actuated by some hidden
mechanism, which is almost human in
Its intelligence, performs the
tion technically known In the anrot of
the saloons as "coughing up." It
makes a peculiar noise, something be
tween a sigh and a sob, and drops the
sum won into a pocket at its base. It
is easy to understand the machine's
grief at yielding up a,uy portion of its
ill-gotten gains, and the ingenious in
ventor did well in providing it with the
means of giving expression to its sor
row.
The visitor who stood befoFe the ma
chine, though young in years, bore the
word spieler written all over him, from
his flashy clothes and cheap jewelry, to
the cunning wrinkles round his sensu
ous mouth. He played the game with the
determination of a practiced hand, put
ting in three or four nickels at a tinio,
while the machine coughed up with
alarming frequency. At last he went
away, a dollar or so ahead, and the
saloon-keeper looked relieved.
"1 am sure* that is the man who has
been putting slugs in," he said, "but I
watched him too closely this time."
'"What slugB?" I asked.
IT'S CALLED THE "JOLLY DUNGEON," AND HAS GPEWSOME SURROUNDINGS, CLANKING CHAINS AND PRISON-GARBED WAITERS AND OTHER EFFECTS TO STARTLE CUSTOMERS.
a score or more to dine with him at the
Waldorf, mayhap, and when they come
he bundles them, one and all, into a
rickety stage coach and whisks them
away to the dungeon.
Arrived at Twenty-fourth street, on
the sunset side of Fifth avenue, they
are led through a long, dingy passage
way toward a flickering light, which is
seen on coming nearer to be set back
in a recess, half hidden by cobwebs.
The air is musty. The dull, half dead
ened echo of footfalls makes the flesh
creep.
The men wonder what is to come
next, and their feminine companions
are nearly frightened out of their wits.
Then the host fetches forth a mon
strous key and coolly fits it into a pad
lock, the like of which was ne'er seen
before, when clang! the great iron door
swings back and he solemnly bows his
guests in. There is more rattling of
chains and the monstrous key has
locked the door behind them. A series
"Oh, any old kind. See here.'" Step
ping behind the bar he took from a
drawer a handful of imitation coins of
all sorts. They were all, it was no
ticeable, exactly the size and shape of
a nickel. Some betrayed their origin
plainly, being brass checks stamped
with the name and address of the
maker, and sold in the first instance
for perfectly legitimate use in the tele
phone. It is easy to see how they be
came diverted to their present knavish
use. Others were simply plain, fiat
disks of white metal, obviously manu
factured for the purpose, for it is dif
ficult to understand how they could be
put to any other use.
As nearly every saloon in the city has
a gambling machine of one kind or an
other, a very large number of those
dumps can be put in circulation daily
and probably a good many rogues make
a dishonest living by cheating this il
legal machine. Still we need not waste
any sympathy on the machine. It has
no legal status and really has no right
to exist.
The game is a perfectly safe one, for
even if detected the spieler cannot be
prosecuted. The machine is outside
the pale of the law. and the worst the I
gambler need expect is a vigorous kick- I
ing when caught. The player, to avoid
Suspicion, generally purchases two or I
four bits' worth of nickels to start the i
game with. If watched, he -Mays only I
the genuine coin, but he soon finds an
opportunity when the bartender is
busy, to slip in some slugs, and of
course stands a certain winner.
The proprietor of a large number erf I
these machines told me that most of
the slugs came from a certain saloon
on Hush street, but probably the !
swindlers would soon change their '
base of operations. The internal con- !
struction of the machine renders the
game particularly *asy. At the start
the machine is stocked with ninety-six
nickels, or $4 80. These, of course
must be genuine coins. Whatever
money goes into the machine beyond
this amount passes into the overflow
bag, and it is from this receptacle that
the dumps are taken in such numbers, j
It is a strange comment upon our an
tipathy to the Mongolians that, though
the heaviest play on this machine takes
place in a Chinatown saloon, few if
any slugs are found in it. The Chinese
are heavy gamblers, but they always
play fair, and the Caucasian trick of
using imitation money has not yet
been adopted by them.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1898.
, AM EVENING PARTY
FROM PHOTOGRAPHS TAKEN BY FALK
of "Ohs!" from the ladies, intermingle
with "Great Scotts:'.' from the men.
Each one wonders what next. They
would be in total darkness except for
two straight shoots of light from bull's
eyes opposite and a faint green gleam
through a crevice in one corner. At
the farthest end great iron bars loom
dimly, and in the red light from be
yond are glimpses of dusky figures in
convict stripes walking to and fro.
Low. weird music, as of muffled voices,
sepulchral in their dirgelike chant,
seems to come from under ground.
A moment for all this. Then an elec
tric switch is touched and the place is
flooded with light. Such a commotion!
In one breath the ladies declare th.y
are frightened to death and in the next
that it is "perfectly jolly."
"But what on earth is it?" they ask.
"A real, true dungeon? My, but those
bars make me shudder!"
"We can't have dinner in such a
place." says another. "Why, there are
no tables and chairs." •
"What is that wire thing over there
in the corner?" a third wants to know.
Some man explains that it is a rat
trap, and everybody shrieks according
ly — and from that moment Bedlam
reigns. Opera wraps and top coats are
gotten rid of, and every one enters into
the spirit of the occasion. It's a jolly
lark, and they like it immensely.
Butcher's aprons are passed around,
and there is a lot of fun in helping one
another get into them.
Then the beefsteaks came on and the
colored attendants in convict garb
whisk to and fro. First they brine: in a
tray of cocktails, of the old-fashioned
kind. The beefsteaks are then served
on thin, square pieces of bread, and are |
taken directly in the fingers, for there I
are neither plates nor forks to be had.
"This is shocking!" the feminine nov
ices in Bohemianism declare, "but it is
also delicious." And they are served
agnln and again.
Th»> guests are seated on benches
built into the wall. A rickety wooden
box stands in front of each, and on it
MYSTERY OF THE SEA OF WORMS.
Professor Woodworth of Harvard Has Just Arrived
Here flfter a Careful Study of the Curious
THE palolo, a tiny, thread-like sea
worm, is one of the unsolved
mysteries of the great Southern
Seas. There is nothing like it
known in the whole world of
natural history, and scientists have
hitherto been at a loss to solve the
problem of its brief existence. It ap
pears only in Samoa and Fiji, and then
I but once a year, just before sunrise.
I Its brief existence is limited to the
space of an hour or so at the most.
To the Samoans the Palolo day con
stitutes a feast of the utmost import
ance, followed by a morrow of sorrow
and dyspeptic, repentence. The worm
always comes to the surrace on the last
day of the third quarter of the moon in
October or November. If it does not
appear on the first month, then it is
sure to be seen on the second. I re
member, when I was living on Manono,
attending one of these great fishing ex
peditions. For days we had been pre
paring for the event. We had made
closely woven baskets for holding the
palolo, and elaborate hand nets for
scooping them out of the water. Be
ins B foreigner, 1 used mosciuito net
ting for my scoops, but the natives, not
being inclined to extravagance, were
contented with finely woven matting.
Long before dawn on Palolo morning
the whole village was astir. Men ran
hither and thither, carrying huge
cocoanut torches, by the light of which
they dragged their little outrigged
canoes down to the water. Women
and girls bustled about, carrying the
necessary paraphernalia down to the
boats, and soon we were off, steering, I
could not tell where, through the
blackness of a tropic nt<"ht.
• It was a long pull across the silent,
glassy lagoon to the Faleallli Passage
through the reef, where palolo were to
a stone mug and a clay dish filled with
! salt.
The kitchen is separated from the
! revelers by a formidable looking door
I of iron bars— the same through which
I the red light had gleamed upon their
entrance. Tempting whiffs and sput
j ters from English chops and the beef
, steaks cavort through the opening.
The cook peers out every now and
then. Sometimes he is greeted with
cheers and shouts of "Long live Bennte,
king of the dungeon!" He Is short and
j rotund, with a face as red as a Christ -
! mas apple. Ale flows like water from
a cask embedded in the wall, and a
great part of the fun lies in the draw
ing of it.
"A toast to the jolly dungeon!" a
pretty woman laughs, and it is drunk
with hearty .good will. "A toast to our
fair companions!" some masculine
voice proposes, and it is given again
and again.
There is a piano over in one corner,
and some one plays a rollicking tune,
the boxes are set aside and dancing is
begun.
Never were gloaming shoulders set
off by weirder background — the dull
gray stone of the walls, roughly hewn,
and scattered over with rusted flint
locks, old carbines and grewsome im
plements of murder and' war; a pair of
handcuffs that have bruised wrists for
half a century, slave shackles from
African horrors, queer blunderbusses
of Revolutionary days. Along the raft
ers overhead are beer mugs of every
make and mold.
Between the dances there are songs
and choruses. The banjo and guitar are
taken from the colored attendants, who
have twanged out their racial melodies
during the early evening, and the
dungeon echoes with the merrymaking.
Tt Is late, quite late, when the rickety
stage coach finally rolls away and the
great iron door clangs on the deserted
dungeon, and New York society folk
feol well assured that they have been
thoroughly bohemian and have had no
end of a good time as well.
Freak; of Ar)imal Life.
THE PALOLO, BEFORE IT IS THROWN OFF.
The palolo, a tiny, thread-like sea worm
s one of the unsolved mysteries of the great
southern sea;. There is nothing like it
known in the whole world of natural history,
and scientists have hitherto been at a loss to
solve the problem of its brief existence. It
appears only in Samoa -and Fiji, and then but
once a year, just before sunrise. Its brief
existence is limited to the space of an hour
or so at the most.
be found in the greatest numbers.
We found hundreds of other canoes,
gathered from all the surrounding vil
lages, at the rendezvous, and pleasant
greetings, mixed with good humored
chaff, were handled from boat to boat.
But all the time the party scanned the
surface of the water with serious in
tent.
a youtn who much desired to wear
the matrimonial yoke had not sufficient
courage to "pop the question." On In
forming his father of the difficulty he
labored under, the old gentleman pas
sionately replied: "Why, you great
booby, how do you suppose I managed
when I got married?"
"Oh, yes." said the bashful lover,
"you married mother, but I've got to
marry a strange girl."— Tid-Bits.
The momenta of suspense seemed
hours, until at last, looking out over
the surface of the waters, I caught
sight of a tiny floating- worm about six
or eight inches long and as thick as a
piece of packing twine. The chief sit
ting beside me caught sight of it as
soon as I did, but said nothing. He
only sat still and watched, until an
other worm and then another and then
dozens more appeared on the surface.
A chorus of delighted approval went
up from all the canoes, "Hurrah, hur
rah," the palolo has come. Soon the
lagoon was thick with the shimmering
blue and gray mass; the worms were
literally countless in number, and we
were all hard at work baling them up
into the boat as fast as we could. It
does not do to delay making your ratch.
The palolo is not long for this world
As the sun rose above the horizon .and
cast its golden rays over the wateif the
worms dissolved, as If melted by th°
heat. In a few minutes not a speci
men was to be seen.
"We hastened homeward, anxious to
reach the shore before the heat of the
tropical sun made rowing an unbeara
ble task. In the cool shade of the
thatched houses the women and girls
divided the haul into little leaf cov
ered bundles, while the young men and
boys heated great piles of stones for
the oven.
The favorite native way of preparing
the palolo is simply to bake it, well
wrapped in leaves. In the national oven
the oldest kind of cooking appliance
known to man. The food is placed on
a bed of hot atones, Is well covered up
with leaves and more red hot stones
are piled on top. until the whole is per
fectly inclosed. Then in the space of an
hour or more, when the stones have
grown cold, the meal will be found per
fectly cooked.
In Fiji, where they call the worm the
bololo. a similar event takes place ev
ery year. But strangely enough, no
where else does this remarkable crea-
ture appear, and scientists have long
been puzzling their brains to account
for the phenomena. Macdonald, who
first discovered this curious marine
creature, christened it, for lack of a
better name, Palolo Viridis, but ha
failed to assign it a definite place
among the genera of tropical waters.
Various other natural science investi
gators have made casual Investigation
into the palolo mystery, but it has been
left for Harvard University to achieve
anything like definite results.
So a few months ago Mr. Woodworth
was dispatched to Samoa, with orders
to solve the problem at all costs. He
returned to San Francisco recently on
the Alameda and is now preparing a
TWO SOUL STIRRING
NEW YEAR'S PUNCHES
>. DESIGNED BY AN EXPERT EXPRESSLY FOR HOLIDAY
CONSUMPTION
The Punch of "Vlctorle."
Into a large bowl - put , the - juice of twelve lemons
strain carefully: two pounds of loaf eugar two quarts of
mineral.water, two bottles'of Rhine wine, -one bottle of
.sherry, wine, dry: > one bottle of Chablis wine, five or six
large bottles of claret, French or California cut up in thin
Mn/nt'T" , If deSired ' add two' sherr? glasses
• When °;M alS ° ° ne PllU of good Jamaica ,rum;
1 v Thit n,^ I g PUnch Bee that y°" d 0 *t thorough
<Cl^ ?U? U - h may be made e^her hot ori cold \
■ When served warm, heat your glasses first. .
Champagne Punch.
ver^cartfunv^thl ? SP Str&ln the . juice \ of . six lemons
•cry carerullj,. then add one pound of- pure loaf fi ,,«.»^
come q a s>rup. "S^ slowly one quart of pure dry sherry
■vprv Sn' 3olnl P g .>f'thlg .stand for ten miniites and add six
champagne..; It shouldbe borne in. mind that th! ',
An Excellent Appetizer
report which will enlighten the world
or science.
i*" 1 ™? ent slx week s in Samoa," said
Mr. Woodworth. "living at a chiers
house in Falealili, waiting for the
palolo to come. I made the most ex
haustive inquiry into the whole subject,
and as far as I can decide .the worm
s simply the tail or a portion of the
ving organism of a creature which
lives in the crevices of the dead coral.
"No. It has nothing to do with the
coral insect which so laboriously builds
up the reefs. Tt is a different animal
altogether. The palolo worm may
possibly belong to the family Eu
nicea."
J. F. ROSE-SOLEY.SINGULAR CELEBRATIONS
AMONG PUEBLO INDIANS
Tfieu haven't Any fat Santa Gaus and Don't Eat
Turkey, But Tfieu Nave Other Things That Make
the Event a Great Day.
THE Indians in the pueblos of the
Southwest have taken naturally to
the teachings of the long list of
Catholic missionaries who have
been among them for nearly two
centuries. The ceremonies of Easter
and several of the more important
paints' days have a peculiar charm for
the aboriginal mind, and are always
enthusiastically celelrated. but noth
ing in the whole calendar can compare
■with the Joy and eagerness with which
Christmas and the week following are
observed In the quaint and very old
village of Laguna.
A town or permanent abode of In
dians Is known among them by the
Spanish name, pueblo. The pueblo La
guna is on the Atchison. Topeka and
Santa , Fe Railroad, in Western New
Mexico, seventy-five miles southwest
/rom Albuquerque. The blase globe
trotter, who sails seas- and travels
abroad to live amid. unique phases, of
life, or to study the extraordinary so
cial conditions, will find more than
enough to interest him out among these
sunbaked mesas, homes of cliff dwell-
ancestors of the Pueblo Indians—
and towering mountains of granite of
the Southwestern Territories. Lajjuna
has a history, dating back at least a
century before Cortez. Isleta and La
guna were old towns when Coronado
made his march to conquest in- the-
Southwest in 1540. Several stone houses
In the pueblo have been occupied by
the descendants ot'i* '"*m*'+«mnv*+'*v
about 250 pozz'^ly even a cen
tury longer. • *
The Indians of Laguna know noth
ing of the fat Santa Claus and his pack
of reindeers, and the red-skinned boys
and girls will never have their holiday •
saint laid low by iconoclastic intelli
gence, as their civilized and white cou
sins, have had. No resident of Laguna
ever tasted of succulent' turkey and
cranberry sauce, or smacked his lips at
Juicy mince pie and savory. plum pud
ding. But just the same, the grand
thought of Christmas time— peace , and
good will— is as potent in the pueblo
;ts m any up-to-date Christian com
munity.
For weeks and months the red peo
ple get ready by degrees for the
Christmas week. There is foresight that
the store of grain and vegetables is
sample, that the boys know where the
"juiciest antelope range, that wild pig
eons and ducks may be counted on.
The children are frequently shampooed
and the little ptone houses are swept
and made ready for a whole week of
nothing but fun. The fat sheep are
driven from the range and kept ready,
for the roasting, while jerked beef
THE CHRISTMAS DANCE IN LAGUNA.
dries on the line day by day in the
warm sunshine. As the great day ap
proaches the red women and girls get
out and unwrap their ancestral shawls
and scrapes of gaudy colors, polish
their wealth, of agate and turquoise
necklaces and their silver bracelets.
Then they mend their moccasins and
make sure that all the ancestral finery
shall play Its particular part in the
festivity of the holiday week.
At last Christmas eve has arrived.
The aborigines at I^aguna call it la
Buena Noche, and they go about the
stone village with the musical greet
ings on their tongues as the pale faces
do on Christmas morning. A pueblo
custom centuries old has it that the
first celebration of the gladsome time
shall be a dance in the ojaaint old
mission church from early evening un
til midnight, and that then the mass,
prescribed by the church authorities,
appropriate to the birth of the Lord,
shall follow. For untold generations
the Governor, or chief of the pueblo,
has each year appointed two score of
men and women— the most vivacious,
athletic and handsome of the young In
dians — to perform the dance. It is a
distinguished honor to be chosen for
the la Noche Buena, and the Indians
exercise many a bit of graceful diplo
macy for recognition, not unworthy a
pale face in society, while the chief is
making his selection. A dozen or more
semi-weekly rehearsals take place,
while the whole pueblo ardently awaits
the gayest time of all.
During the week prior to Christmas
day there are daily masseß. The string
THE SAJS FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1898.
STRANGE CHRISTMAS CUSTOMS
of little cracked bells that answer for
a chime is jangled several times a day,
and the women and some of the men
go to worship every time the weather
beaten, cracked old doors of the church
are opened. When Christmas eve comes
at last the bells are jangled harder
than ever, and every human being who
can possibly get there goes promptly.
A stranger assemblage and more pic
turesque scene could hardly be looked
upon. Except About the altar the queer
old adobe building is packed with peo
ple. A few curious Americans have
come in from the cattle ranches miles
away; a sprinkling of cowboys are
there in chaparrejos and great, heavy
boots, from which monster spurs clank,
and, besides, a few Navajo Indians,
with gaudy scrapes of wool across their
big. square shoulders. Not a word is
spoken while the assemblage gathers,
and the faces of all but the children
are Impressively stolid.
An old man with white hair a foot
long rises and in the native tongue or
ders a space made down the center of
the church for the ceremonies. While
several young men force the spectators
back and out of the building to make
room the orchestra and singers start
up. There is a hoarse drum, made of
dry sheepskin stretched over a half
barrel. A squaw beats on that. Four
young men have stringed affairs made
of mesquite wood, similar to very crude
violins. These are scraped back and
forth in the sole effort to make a noise
In time with the drum beats. When
a space ten feet wide has been forced
by the officious and gesticulating men
at a signal the dancers come trooping
from out of doors into the open space.
That Is always a grave moment. No
bridal party was ever more stared at
and envied than those twenty young
men and women, all gorgeously decked
for this occasion.
The men are bare to the waist. Their
chests and backs are painted in a half
dozen startling colors; huge bracelets
of silver and brass encircle their upper
arms; their heavy shocks of hair hang
to the shoulders and their faces are a
ghastly white. At the waist they wear
embroidered kilts of red, yellowish leg
gins (colzonclllos) are fastened about
their calves and beaded moccasins, gen
erally the heirlooms of the family for
generations, are on their feet. Behind
each kilt dangles the skin of a wildcat
or a fox. Some of these decorations
have been used in these dances for fully
a century— a few for longer periods.
Each male dancer holds a sacred gourd
filled with pebbles, like a rattle, in one
hand and a bunch of long eagle feath
ers in the other.
The dressing of the women dancers is
more gaudy and generous. Each wears
a bright red or blue overgown (the
manta) reaching from her shoulders to
her knees. It is the product, of weeks
of labor and planning*, with all its
variegated " embroidery. From the
knees to the ankles are white buck
skin affairs like bootlegs, and on the
feet are red moccasins embroidered
with serpents' heads. A bunch of feath
ers dyed in red. and blue are in one
hand and a showy silk handkerchief is
in the other. Heavy earrings, a score
of bracelets and a row of turquoise and
shell necklaces complete the toilet.
The male dancers face the females,
a thump on the drum and the dancinc
begins. The chorus by the choir starts
in a low slow guttural. The feet of all
the dancers move slowly in unison with
the music. Arms and hands bearing:
the feathers wave aloft to the move
ment of the feet. Gradually the chorus
rises, the feet move faster and the
hands, full of feathers, wave more swift
ly; the spectators, n w animated by the
weird music and the scene, start
strange urulations that wax sharper
and shriller each moment. The chorus
becomes a wild allegro. The male
dancers are gyrating so fast that one
can scarcely distinguish their features,
while their black hair stands out tan
gent to their heads. The women's feet
are moving so fast that one wonders if
they will ever stop. The onlookers'
cries grow louder and more rapid and
the music is drowned.
Thus the gayety proceeds. It reaches
the culmination on New Year's day.
Then there is a grand feast in every
domicile, for which ample preparation
has been made. The next day comes
the reaction. The holidays are over
and Laguna takes on its customary air
of quiet and rest, to be broken only
by the advent of Easter and its at
tendant ceremonies. The men of the
pueblo each day seek the sunniest spots
outside of their little homes, and bask
ing in the genial dry sunshine, slowly
roll their corn-hus 1 cigarettes and
dream the days away. The good house
wives put away their finery and go
about performing all their household
duties, and a whole lot more, and the
pueblo sleepily awaits the coming of
string, when there is work for all in
planning the year's harvest.
HENRY G. TINSLET.
Semi-Barbaric Refigious Ceremony Where the Spongers
and Conch-Divers Keep " Rushin' " Tif( the
Dancers Fall Exhausted.
Special to the Sunday Call.
ONE of the queerest of Christmas
observances is that in vogue
among the natives of Andros
Island in the Bahama group,"
says George Reno, who served
throughout the Cuban war as a special
messenger between the island and the
United States. "To an American the
celebration and all its surroundings
are as unlike his home Christmas as
anything could well be. It was my for
tune to spend the Christmas of 1897 with
the wreckers and conch divers of An
dros and to witness their strange
Christmas ceremony.
"In company with General Joaquin
Costillo I had set out from Cuba with
the intention of spending Christmas in
New York city, but fate, in the shape
of wind and weather, and incidentally
►Spanish gunboats, prevented our de
parture from the Cuban coast at the
time appointed, so that Christmas
found us at one of the least known and
most out of the way spots in the world.
Little Golden Cay, a densely wooded
coral rock, standing in the entrance of
Middle Bight, Andros Island.
"The great festival of the year was
at hand, but we were on foreign shores.
We set to work to make the best of ft,
and each lent a hand in preparing the
Christmas dinner. For many weeks
we had had nothing to cut but the
tough boiled beef and green plantains
of the insurgent army, and our limited
amount of cash was invested at John
Bodies store on Andros in the materi
als for a luxurious feast. We had
chicken, sweet potatoes*, cocoanuts,
sugar cane, rice, platinas and coffee.
"After dinner, while the party sat
about under the clear tropical sky and
listened to the soft sound of the waves
lapping the beach, there came from
Andros Island, three miles across the
water, the sound of many voices chant
ing. Sam, the old Bahama pilot, a relic
of the ten years' war, at once imparted
the information that this was the mu
sic of 'the faliers,' who would have a
great Christinas night jollification.
"In lieu of Santa Claus and the tradi
tional Christmas tree the faliers seemed
to offer some entertainment, and the
party was ro*. Ed over to the scene of
the semi-barbaric and altogether kto
tesque Christia i celebration.
"Long processions of men and wo
men, singing and chanting welrdlv
were already winding their way alone
the beach to the meeting house where
the fallin was to take place The
parson stood on a raised platform at
the end of a room about forty feet
long. In front of the platform was a
table supporting a contribution box
Each gaily bedecked buck selected his
partner from the gorereously gotten ud
women, and then the 'rushin 1 ' com
menced.
"Arm in arm the perspiring, sway
ing, singing crowd swun X around the
room, leaving the center clear. As
each couple passed the contribution
box a small coin was dropped in the
•rushers' loudly chanting in weird tones
and with rhythmic cadenre to the mu
sic indicated here:
Oh. my L d - an' you. Mister Pa'son,
See dat silver Tallin 1 , in de box- ■
in' £ aye dem , eou!s what need salvation,'.
An keep us niggahs from fallin 1 on de rocks
Here we come to de arms of Jesus OCKS>
Jus make way fo ' <le chosen ob de' land-
See my gal ,wld a bran new ribbon.
She 11 make an anßel.'> Grab her by de hand
L'sten to our, wings de "*&> --'"
I)ats de way we git de power—. '
Ur s y }> lßck man, stop dat quakln'
Ec debbil done git you in de hour. ,
"Onward, circling: around the room
Suddenly a Big BouQciQg Wench Threw Her Arms flloft, Gave a Theological Shriei; and
plopped plat on the Floor.
WEIRD JOLLIFICATION AMONG
THE BAHAMA " FALLERS"
from right to left, the crowd ket>t
swirling, every moment growing
warmer, noisier and 'closer to de
Lawd,' as one old 300-pound exhorter
expressed it. Before many minutes
had passed the bottom of the wicker
contribution basket was covered and
tuppence by tuppence a pyramid of sil
ver and copper pieces commenced to
grow in front of the parson. If some
doubtful darky, w;ith more courage
than coin, was caught in the act of
dropping in a wire nail or other sub
stitute, or 'rushin' ' too many times
without the grace to ane up. he was
promptly stopped and called to ac
count.
" 'You tricky niggah, you tink dat
you can fool dis church wid you' trash!
I'se got on my long distance specks an'
if yo' could fool me yo' can't fool de
Lawd. He knows a tenpenny nail from
a tuppence jus' as well as any store
keeper on Andros Island. What's mo'
'c won't stan' no humbuggin'. Yo' go
down in yo' pocket fo' de right kind of
cash or surrender yo' partner to a
proper gentleman what respects de re
quirements of de Almighty. Now, my
good breddrin and sistern, go on wid
dat rushin' an' let de spirit ob de Lawd
an' de pure silver ob salvation po'
fo'th."
"The rushin' was resumed. On
swept the dizzy throng of black and
brown bucks and belles again, their
voices raised a note higher and the
skirts of the women uplifted as they
shouted and shuffled around the
church. Little by little the excitement
grew more intense. Some, the older
and stronger ones, whirled, swayed
and sang in thf middle of the room.
The parson himself soon came 'under
dt- influence,' but he kept a sharp eye
on the pyramid of coin, as it rapidly
assumed promising proportions. Here
was a new start from Nassau in sight
already. 'Sing, oh, sinners, an' let yo'
souls hab free communion wid de Holy
Ghost,' and they sang.
"Suddenly a big, bouncing wench
threw her arms aloft, gave a theolog
ical shriek and flopped flat on the floor.
" 'De Hoi- Ghost hab entered de do'
of de meetinghouse, praise Gawd!' sol
emnly announced the parson.
"I looked toward the door, but saw
no one save Sam, the six-foot pilot.
Then my eyes in wonder wandered to
the fainting female. Kind friends of
both sexes drew her from the outer
'rushin' ' circle path to the center of
the room, which was comparatively
clear, and there she lay flat on her
back, apparently envied by the entire
assembly, but peace and quiet were not
in her soul. She shouted and groaned,
sang and struggled.
"With shoulders, elbows, heels and
back she hunched along the floor.
Sometimes she tacked to starboard,
sometimes to port, tnen with a ceta
cean flounder she would wriggle away
under a fair wind. T /o enthused souls
of the male sex followed and fanned
her with their straw hats, while sev
eral women stood lose by sinking
praises to God for "annuder sinner
saved."
"The woman's name was Betsy
Pritchard, and she was the first ' f a 1 1 -
er" of the evening. It was not many
minutes, however, before another glory
shout sounded from near the platform.
It came from the plentiful lips of a
young candidate, and the parson him-
Bflf being near, caught her in time to
break the fall, and his best go-to-meet
in' spectacles at the same time. She,
like her predecessor and all other 'fall
ers,' was dragged to the center of the
room and laid out for 'de visitations ob
de Holy Ghost.'
"After the second 'faller' had suc
cumbed to 'de power,' the contagion
spread rapidly. Women, and occasion
ally men, commenced to drop around
promiscuously on benches or any old
place that happened to be handy. Some
fell on the steps, and some with more
presence of mind strolled out and
dropped in the sand under the cocoa
nut trees. Several sensible females fell
into the arms of their beaux, but I
learned that the etiquette of the sect
was that the novitiate should be re
tained in those arms only until the!
proper resting place for one in the :
throes of a spiritual attack could be
found. Just what caused this mental
and physical collapse of equilibrium
was puzzling. Dr. Castillo pronounced
It 'a combination of warm air and re
ligious frenzy upon cerebrums not over
well-balanceu.'
"When th- first victim dropped, our.
mate. Bob, ran for a bucket of cold
water, but her attendants would not :
nave,it. 'You mustn't try to humbug
de power ob de Holy Ghost, man. Mis'
±Titchard doan want no water; she jus'
wants salvation.'
"The 'rushin 1 ' continued. It was a
wild, weird scene. Without, a bright
tropical moon was coming up out of
the 'tongue of the ocean. 1 throwing the
shadows of the little stone church and
Us whirling devotees into sharp relief ■
A gentle land breeze from the west just
stirred the graceful plumes of the palm
trees.
"Long-legged goldens stood upon the
smooth, sandy beach craning their
necks in wonder at the sounds which
came from .he meeting house. Within,
the ebony-hued crowd was "still slne
lng, swaying and swirling past the
grandstand and its contribution box. :
The pyramid of silver and copper coin j
had gradually grown to a foot or more i
in height, and the parson looked upon '
it with approval. The starched and
vari-colored decorations of the devo
tees had sadly wilted in the heights of
their fanatic zeal. The room was hot
and the pace was hotter. None but
the ebony-skinned Amazons of Andros
and the hardened spongers and conch
divers of the Bahamas could stand it.
"The dim glow of two ship's lanterns;
vied with the moon in shedding an al- 1
most uncanny light over the strange
scene. It was essentially foreign, Afri
can, wild, weird, savage, from the An
glo-Saxon point of view. Some old
timers were there, men who had been
slaves and served masters in different
parts of the Bahamas. There was a
strange fascination in it ajl. The faces i
of those who fell gradually became I
more or less fixed, and it was said that !
this comatose condition freauently
lasted for several days. Stranger still.
Rev. Father Matthews of the Church
of England is authority for the state
ment that during these periods of
trance or catalepsy the subject fre- ,
quently tells of events which are tak
ing place on islands far removed and |
separattd by hundreds of miles of |
ocean. Dates and happenings thus de- \
scribed had been verified many days :
afterward by vessels that brousrht
what was supposed to be the first tid
ings.
" "Accidents, storms and wrecks in
distant parts of the Bahamas have
thus been, not foretold, but apparently .
pictured upon the retina of the eve |
that could not possibly look on the |
scene by any physical means. The
truth or falsity of this phase of the
phenomena it was impossible for us to
verify, though the statements are
vouched for by eminently respectable
white residents of Andros Island."
■ m ■
Governor Wells of Utah Is particularly
fond of oysters, one of the few things
hard to get in that State. Consequently |
there Is a barrel shipped him every week
from Baltimore.
2324
Three Christmas Sermons.
S3y Tlfargaret Sangster, Siov. S?o6t, Co? Iyer, Stephen S. Wise.
THERE are two points about
Christmas which I would like to
impress upon my friends in Cali
fornia, whom I know to be many.
One of these is that we ought not
to forgot, in the midst of so many gifts,
to give thanks to the giver of all that
is worth having in this world. The
other point is that parents ought to
think twice before taking out, in a
Pnise of supposed parental duty, the
Santa Claus idea from the life and
heart of their child.
Sow many of us are filled with a
deep realization of obligations at this
time to the founder of the Christmas
feast, to its perpetual giver, and while
rendering unto Caesar the things that
are Caesar's, render also unto God the
things that are God's? Sometimes one
fancies that the Calabrian peasants
who, in the simplicity of superstition
and tenderness of heart, come down
from the mountains just before Christ
mas to the shrines of the Virgin to
comfort her with their pipes and songs
in the hours when she is waiting for
her child— sometimes, I say, one fancies
that those simple hearted men and wo
men have more the right of it, in their
touching if primitive custom, that we
who take all and seldom pause to think
what it is that we can do in our turn.
Most of us bring a churchly recog
nition to the day in morning services,
and in the ringing of the church bells
on the evening before, and the trim
ming of the church with green; we
look on the bountiful Christmas din
ner, too, almost in the light of a re
ligious observance. And, this much
done, we are quite apt to dismiss the
heavenly part and devote ourselves
with unalloyed bliss to the earthly. We
are not asked to bring incense, and
stones of price, nor costly sacrifice.
Hence it seems all the more that we
might really offer of ourselves the
things that are pleasant in the heaven
ly eyes and make a point of examin
ing our store of such articles, of ac
quiring them, of having them to give.
We would then have ready as our
Christmas offering to heaven, not the
coin given in the offertory, but self
surrender and the love of God, which
includes the love of all humanity, faith
whose vision penetrates the skies,
charity that suffers long and is kind,
honor, truth, purity, conquered appe
tites, untiring endeavor, loftiness of
thought and the constant recognition
Of goodness and bounty, and mercy ; ud
love and power above.
I once knew parents who did not be
lieve in Santa Claus. They were
afraid to let their children believe in
the blessed old myth, fearing that the
fancy would make them overcredulous
and might teach them deceit. Facts
which could be verified these excellent
people insisted upon, and when town
and country were rejoicing, Christmas
bells ringing. Christmas tapers twink
ling and Christmas carols thrilling
their home was robbed of half its right
ful cheer.
Such a beautiful train is it which fol
lowa this dear old fellow, so laden with
gifts for old and young, so overflowing
with gayoty, so bright of face and light
of step, it would hardly seem as though
contact with the myriad elves and fays
which come into being when Santa
Claus waves his wand could "do any
body on earth the least harm. For
about the time when the first snow
flies and the shops blossom out in rare
splendor, and up the streets and down
go happy neople seeking how to make
those they love still happier, Santa
Claus is in full sway, his reign begun
and the wheels of fashion, of business
and of trade are rolling faster and
faster till the hour shall come, when
lo! there will be the star in the sky and
the song of the angel in every soul.
Did the parents who would have none
of Santa Claus gain anything by their
resolution to be rigidly true to a tangi
ble and material order, or, clinging to
the husk, did they lose the fruit which
was growing within for the healing of
the nations? Many things not suscep
tible of proof by the evidence of the
physical senses are really true in that
A Christmas Choice
Copyrighted, 1898. by Martha McCulloch-Williams.
THE crowd in the store overflowed upon the porch, but there was
a lull In trade— a surprising lull considering It was well toward
4 o'clock of Christmas eve. The morning had been April weather,
full of fitful sunshine and soft, flawy winds. Now the sky was
leaden, the wind sat northwest; lower, ragged clouds scudding
before it let fall little spiteful snow spits, or dashes of hail.
The Murray outfit came wabbling up. There was a sort of
tremolo even to the loud crackings of Sonny's whip. Lassaphine, at
Sonny's elbow, scowled and shivered Impatiently at the noise. Such
useless noise! The crack of doom could not have quickened the patient
.'imblo at which Brandy, the red ox, and Jinny, the pale little donkey,
drew their clattering load.
"By gonnys! Must be you've fetched a feather bed alive!" storekeeper
Walker said, holding out both hands. Lassaphine overlooked them.
Instead of getting out. she writhed down amid the turkeys. They were
fine big fellows, white, anii copperas yellow, and glossy greenish bronze.
She had fed and tended and talked to them since they came out of the
egg. A lump had come in her throat aa she hoppled "them in pairs and
laid them upon the scant straw at the bottom of the wagon. The lump
was there sti'l, though Lassaphine was very far from a sentimental
person. She could have sold her flock to the turkey drover last week
with the lightest heart in the world. It was <iulte another matter to
seize and bind them treacherously as they fed from her hand and deliver
them thus to make sport for an idle holiday crowd.
"Sa-ay. Jim Walker! Ain't you jfot a new frock and stick er red-strip-ed
candy? They mought tole this yer gal er" mine inside!" Sonny said,
stamping his feet hard as he clambered down. "She wants ter spile our
•fun— Lassnphine does— been a-beggln' me all the way not to have the
turkey walk— though she knows I saved them bur-reds jest fer nothing
else in the world."
"Come jtsw. :>Jiss LfeSaaphlnel That won't do! Not never in the world!"
Walker said. "Christmas comes but once a year, you know Come in!
I>o' I've got the very dress for y&u— told my wife so last night, when the
newest j;oods come in."
Lassaphine shook her head decidedly. "I don't want no dress yous
got," she said. "Nothin' you've got— until the money to pay ror it is in
my hand."
"That wont be lone;," Walker said, rubbing his hands. "Look at all
them tine gobblers! J call it jest a great notion of your pa's— havin' 'em
walked for— stand you In twice whut the drovers 's been payln 1 ! Ef
you don't wanter trade though, lemme take you up to the hou«e— "
"1 don't leave this wagin till it starts for home." Lassaphine interrupted
turning to pick up the rope reins her father had dropped. He had
vanished inside the log store-house. As the team crawled a little from the
Steps i" make room for a smart new buggy, he came out wiping his
muiith with the back of his hand, his eyes glassy with satisfaction
"So you ra'alely did come, Jack! Man of his word!" he shouted to
.the bqgtjri driver. Lassaphine did not turn her head yet a slow blush
gathered in her olive cheeks. She had long dusky eyes "with a spark at
the bottom, heavy night-black hair, and the poise and stature of a Greek
goddess. Notwithstanding, most women in the countryside reckoned her
Ugly. She was so unlike their standard of pink and white prettiness they
could not in the least comprehend why so many men of so many minds
and fortunes lost their heads over her.
Jack Childers. for instance, a Congressman's son, rich and fair looking
though reputed wild; Len Haskell, most driving and thriving of the
young farmers round about; Doc Grant, the bachelor tobacco dealer a
catch for any girl, to say nothing of Teeny Walker, the storekeeper's
bashful young brother. It was certainly aggravating to good women with
girls of their own to settle to have so many dangle after Lassaphlne who
coquetted with all, and favored none. The Murray place was poorer' than
poverty, the bare and unmerchantable fragment of a wide plantation Its
starveling acres were either galled and gullied or overgrown with vagrant
briers, and the big weather-stained house was ruinous except in two or
three south looking: rooms.
Still the Murrays managed to live by it— Lassaphine and Sonny and
srandp*p. Grandpap never forgot, nor allowed the others to forget" whit
was due to Murray blood. Lassaphine, for example, must learn to read
and sign her name, must wear shoe 3 upon hig.i days and holidays and co
to church at least once a month. He was the more strenuous 'because
Lassaphine s mother had not been a person of quality, but a hill eirl
who had. however, been obliging enough to die while Lassaphine was vet'
in arms. *
•'Drive round! V/e're a-goin' to walk in the back lot," Sonny called
shaking hands right and left as he spoke. All Lassaphine's worshipers
were in the crowd on the porch -besides everybody liked Fonnv tn suite
of his weakness lor rrany glasses when one was too much for his poor
head.
That was the secret of Lassaphine's presence— she could not afford to
have him royster away the price of her feathered flock. For one thine
there were her church dues. Sonny argued that the circuit rider a
wifeless young fellow, well clothed, well mounted, at no expense for
living, had much less need of the five dollars than themselves. Lassaohine
listened, smiling obstinately. She could put in -action, not words her
feeling that it was due herself to pay, regardless of anything else
A turkey walk, understand, is a sort of rural lottery much affected
around holidays In the middle south. As a lottery it comes under the ban
of strict church people. Certainly there Is a strong element of chance in ft
Each walker pays a stipulated sum for the privilege n f walking— ln lorai
parlance "buys his peg." After it is bought he must walk blindfolded a
«Jven number of steps, and set the peg firmly in the ground He who
higher realm where imagination rules.
One of these never dying, never failing
things is Santa Claus, and year by year
the weeks over which his scepter. is ex
tended are weeks* of rare beauty, and
a time when good J will everywhere
shines in men's countenances and is
the mainspring of their lives. , '
Children see and feel, this .wonderful
festival of love on the earth, but they
cannot enter into it fully, and so those
who were wiser than we in good old
days fragrant in memory, christened
the Christmas season, when the yule
log burns and the holly gleams and the
world is glad, as the special gala time
of Santa Claus. Believe in him all you
can and as lone as you can and he will
give you blessings heaped up and run
ning over to pay you for your faith.
MARGARET E. SANGSTER.
• • •
By fletf. Robert Golkjer
THE thing? we do at Christmas
are touched with a certain grain
of extravagance, as beautiful in
some of its aspects as the ex
travagance of nature, in : June. It
is the children's carnival, the midsum
mer of charity to the poor, the spring
tide of good will to men; when the
Christmas tree groans all radiant and
fruitful as no other tree does which
blooms through the year, for it bears
at least twelve manner of fruit and the
leaves of the tree are for the healing of
the nations.
I would not therefore insult Christ
mas by underdoing it. The man who
does most for his fellow men, accord
ing to his means, does best. We can
give the tramp who comes to our back
door a royal cup of coffee on Christmas
morning with a good grace, even though
we have to see that he does not run off
with the spoon. They are wide pages
the angel opens in the Book of Life on
Christmas, and when we do our best
we cannot do it quicker than he can
write it down. " <
Still I think it not hard to see how
we may spare, even at the Christmas
tide, and yet do more and better than if
we spend. If a man spends the money
he ought to save to pay his debts, when
he knows very well he can only pay his
debts by saving, he may give what he
buys right and left with an open hand
and it will be to his own shame. There
are millions of dollars spent every
Christmas of other men's money. Not
a penny ought to be laid out in gifts one
can well let alone. Men who do that
get drunk on their own generosity
though they never taste of wine; and'
if they are men of conscience the
headache and- heartache of getting
sober will be none the less for their
motive for getting drunk. We should
never spend when we ought to spare
especially if we have families. '
REV. ROBERT COLLYER
* • •
By Stephen H. Wise.. .
■TV 7T A T, * P resum e to say, in i the
MAY I these Christmas the
midst of these Christmas les
11/1 sons, that the followers of the
JLTX Christ-Child of to-day, without
regard to those of past ages,
would do well to heed the core-truth of
their joyous Christmas? Were they to
do so they might realize in far greater
and grander measure their ideal of
"Peace on -earth and good will to men. '
The world is rightly shocked by the
spectacle of an Eastern potentate
grinding under the iron heel of injus
tice and brutality, his unhappy subjects
who will not conform to the belief of
Islam. Shall we remain, stolid and un
moved when, in European lands, the
unfortunate children of Israel cry out
against the bludgeon blows of Russian
cruelty and wantonness, or the stiletto
thrusts of high-sounding German and
Austrian anti-Semitism?
About four years ago the notorious
hater, Pastor Stoecker, delivered a
sermon at the Sunday morning service
on board of an ocean steamer on the
text: "Thou shalt love thy neighbor as
thyself. In the course of his sermon
comes nearest to the stake wins the turkey, or whatever the prize may
be. Commonly ten or a dozen live birds are walked oft. The t winners are
rarely thrifty enough to take home their live prizes. Instead, they hand
them over to a negro cook, who serves them up at a turkey supper toward
1 o'clock onV:hristmas morning. By the time the supper is eaten it is
time to go out and shoot anvil Christmas guns, or touch off hollow logs,
plugged, with a pound of powder inside.
The back lot was an acre of rough turf, stretching between the span
new Walker house, brave in gaudy paint, and the squat weathered store,
nestling in the angle of the cross roads. Half way in it a stout stake had
been driven. A pile of roughly whittled pegs lay beside the store's back
steps. As Sonny came down them with three parts of the crowd at his
heels, he stooped nd gathered the pile under his arm, saying with a
mild pretense of mistrust: "Ye've all got so much Christmas in yer bones,
consarn yer pictyers, ye're as full of tricks as so many unbroke mules—
but I lay the best gobbler in the bunch ye don't play none of 'em on me."
"Sonny, you shorely don't think they'd try it, with Lassaphine a-lookin"
at 'em?" the storekeeper called after him from the door. Len Haskell
shied a stone at Walker. Jack Childers contented himself with a shake
of the fist. Doc Grant made a motion toward his hip pocket, but dropped
his hand and looked at Lassaphine with ; "I'll do it— honest In.jun, I
will— if you say so."
Lassaphine did not smile— she was busy with the turkeys, which had
set up a pitiful fluttering and peeping. Sonny lifted out a big bronze
fellow, swung him back and forth, head downward, and said almost
shamefacedly. "How much is he worth, boys? Would you say now
half a dollar?"
"A whole dollar— not a feather goes for less," Doc Grant said loudly,
jingling a handful of loose silver.
"I say two—" Jack Childers began. Len Haskell stopped him with a
significant touch. "Let it go at one," he said under his breath. "It
hurts her— Lassaphine, you know— to take even that much. She hates
bein' here, but she cain't well help it."
"No plottin' agin the whites, here!" Grant SHld jocularly, setting his
younger rivals arms length apart. Teeny Walker darted up to them.
"Some er you-all do me a favor, please!" he said breathlessly. "Folks
are comin' so peart, likely I shan't git the chance to walk at all— but I
wanter be in, Jive pegs deep at least— l thought maybe one er you'd buy
'em and walk for me."
"I'm your man!" Jack said, clutching Teeny's coin and spinning it
above his head. Len grinned good humoredly. "Better lemma have er
walk and a half." he said. Grant laughed explosively. "O, these boys!"
he said, stepping to the wagon side, w r here Instantly he shouted, "Step up
to the captain's office and settle, gentlemen! Pegs right here, only a
dime! Come on, come on! No such turkeys anywhere!"
"Come runnln'!" Haskell said, clutching a peg and flipping silver into
Sonny's hat. In a twinkling ten pegs were taken.' Sonny held up his
hand. 'Git yer blinder. Doc," he said to Grant. "You go first."
Grant whipped out a gorgeous red-and-yellow bandanna, Sonny muffled
his eyes securely, then, peg in hand, he was turned around two or three
times" and told to walk toward the central stake. A laughing shout went
up as he shaped a course at right angles to it. "Walk big Injtm! Walk
away! Walk Spanish! Tiptoe fine!" the rest called after him as he
stepped his allotted forty paces. He stepped gingerly and so high
Lassaphine herself joined in the laughing. When he stooped to stick his
peg, and bumped fairly against the lot fence, there was a chorus of
gleeful howls.
"B'Jacks! If I'm to win this fellow Sam Walker won't have a panel
o' fence left!" he said, pulling off his blinder and rubbing his chin. "Here,
you nice young men, put on this same rag, and let's see if you do any
better, with no eyes in your head!"
"One thing sure— we can't do any worse!" Jack retorted, as Sonny
hooded Haskell and turned him about. Haskell had an Indian's sense of
direction along with a hunters trained perception. He wheeled slowly
until he felt the wind cut his left cheek, and then with a confident smile
went straight toward the stake, and set his peg within a yard of it.
"Good for Len! Well walked! Sure shot!" the others called.
"That's Len's turkey, dead to rights!" Jack Childers said, "we couldn't
beat that if we tried a year. Put up another turkey, Sonny— and bar Lem
from walking."
"Good as wheat!" from the crowd. Len smiled quite happily. "It jest
gives me a better chance ter see Lassaphine," he said aside to Childer*
"I'll walk though for the next— then you look out."
"Here goes for Teeny Walker!" Jack said, stepping manfully out A
babel of shouts assailed him, but he kept straight ahead and set Teeny's
peg respectably near the stake. The other nine walkers went wild— not a
one came within five yards of the winning post. One luckless fellow
brought up at the store steps— the rest scattered impartially about though
each had been morally certain with his eyes Qpen, that he could shut them
arrd go straight to the goal without turning a hair.
"Teeny'll feel like a sport after this— he's always been sech er Dions
little cuss." Doc Grant said. Haskell nodded. "But he'll be In at the
turkey supper, large as life." he said. "You must remember it's a
developing process -falling In love with Lassaphine," Jack Childers added
"But say! Look yonder! There comes the preacher, as I'm a llvln' sinner'
I wonder what he's after!"
"Lassaphlne-like the rest of us." Len growled. Doc Grant whistled
shrilly, then nodded assent. "Preachers are Jest men "he said "Boys
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25. 1898.
he was interrupted by the young son'
of an English earl, who, to my. utter
astonishment, arose and exclaimed :
"Handeln sic dannach"— which may be
rendered: "Live up to your own teach
ings."; The story of by the young car
! an English earl, who, to my utter
! tonishment, arose and exclaimed:
rlandeln sic dannach" — which may he
ndered: "Live up to your own teaeh
gs." The story of the incident car
ries its own moral. . ■. ■'
Oh, that the millions of Christians', ob
serving this day in honor of Him whom
they adore as "Lord and Savior" were
eased to remember that the brave and
gentle "Teacher of Nazareth" was a
child of the synagogue, who had sat at
the feet of the Rabinin masters, that
He aimed to build up, not to destroy,
the faith of Israel. Then might they.be
moved to compassion and love: and the
contemptuous "There goes a Jew"
would oft' die upon their lips, as they
call to mind perhaps some Roman
ived to compassion and love: and the
ntemptuous "There goes a Jew"
mid oft die upon their lips, as they
II to mind that perhaps some Roman
in Jerusalem mocked and wounded with
self-same words Him who taught the
law of Moses and echoed anew the ex
hortation unto righteousness of the
old Hebrew prophets. Then. too. might
there be, in a far larger sense than now.
. alas, obtains, "Peace on earth, good will
to all men," JeV as well as Christian.
STEPHEN S. WISE.
Is the South Pole Accessible ?
STILL another earnest effort to ap
proach the south pole is about to
be made by Dr. Erich yon Drygal
>s«/ ski, a young German savant, who
is about to start with a thorough
ly equipped expedition for the southern
extremity of the earth.
According to the Moderne Kunst, Dr.
Drygalski is convinced that the south
pole itself cannot be reached by human
beings, the obstacles in the icy waters
of the south being much greater than
those of the north. He is positive, how
ever, that he will learn a great deal
about the secrets of the Antarctic
Ocean, and will penetrate it far enough
to find the continent which some
geographers believe to be there.
For any positive knowledge about
this mysterious polar region science is
indebted to the • English in the first
place and later to researches made by
Frenchmen, Russians and Norwegians.
The most successful southern expedi
tion thus far was , conducted by John
Ross, an Englishman, who, during the
years 1840-1843, made three trips
through those dangerous waters and
forced his way as far as 78 degrees
south, and discovered the two famous
■ volcanoes, Erebus and Terror, which,
like wonders of Fairyland, -loom up in
the rigid icy desert. ...
This was the farthest point south ever
reached by human beings. ' The more
favorable conditions in the north have
permitted the reaching of a . higher
point there.
Dr. Drygalski's' chief, aim is to gain
additional knowledge >of the earth's
magnetism, then to learn about ice for
mations and drifts in the south, mete
orological apparitions and the geology
of the polar world.
Dr. Drygalski made himself famous
as leader of the : Greenland ; expedition
conducted by the Berlin Society in 1892
and 1893 when he contributed much to
the science of Arctic geology. He is
only thirty-two years old and has the
world ..before him, but seems intent
upon reaching the farthest corner of
the earth.- . :
..■■•*." Sj .'.' — « ♦ * — — —
«The British Weekly ought to have
•The British Weekly ought to have
given the name of that American ed
itor who. it-says, was invited by a New
York heiress of a literary turn to hear
extracts from her manuscript novel.
Unfortunately he had been up till 4 a.
m., ' and : the . delightful musical con- .
tralto of his hostess soothed his rasped
nerves • so- that he , ,. had difficulty in
keeping, his head from dropping for
ward. Presently he came to himself
with; a start, and found himself quite
alone. An electric light was burning
in the hall, and he hurried out to look
at his v-atch. It was 12:30; he had been
sleeping three and a half hours. He
went' softly and humbly down the
stairs, and the butler let him out with
out a word or a smile. Since that day,
though- he wrote a letter of apology,
he has received no communication
from the heiress.
By Martha McCulloch Williams
Five Short Christmas Stories.
GEORGE
OSBOURNE.
prominent in the border difficulties and a conspicuous character in
the drama presented by Colonel Cody and his company. National
Guard Hall was the only available theater at the time and Captain
John Robertson, the local manager, had heralded the coming of
Buffalo Bill and Captain Jack in the usual glaring manner of the
time.
The play began and proceeded with ever increasing incident and
situation, working up to the entrance of the "star," when something
startled Yellow Hand's horse (a broncho ridden by Captain Jack)
and he plunged furiously onto the stage before this skillful rider
could check him. The beast had on only a hackamore and surcingle,
Injun fashion, but Jack was such an intrepid horseman that he kept
his seat and brought the frantic animal to his haunches, his head
and forelegs in air, just at the footlights; making a startlingly realis
tic picture and bringing the "house down." Bill was always a little
jealous of Jack's dramatic abilities and stormed round behind at
what he termed "stealing my entrance," etc. But the damage was
done and Bill had to go on. He appeared from the other side of the
stage on his charger, caparisoned "a la frontiersman scout," and after
a moment's dialogue they fought a duel on horseback. Jack was
always a modest sort of fellow and had felt the misfortune of cutting
out Bill's entrance and got rattled hearing Bill's emphatic objections,
so much so that when he attempted to draw his revolver from his
belt he discharged it, the felt wad piercing his groin. His horse
plunged. Bill was startled, forgot what he had to do, the audience
rose with a cry of horror as poor Jack reeled and the next instant
tumbled headlong from his broncho, bleeding and faint, "hors de cow
bat." He was immediately attended by willing hands with tender
solicitude and the curtain rung down, but as this scene necessarily
ended with Yellow Hand's death at Buffalo Bill's hands the play pro
ceeded to the end.
Poor Jack was made comfortable, a physician attended him, and
friends gathered about the wounded "Injun." He opened his eyes a
moment. Close by him stood a beautiful little child. Tears hazed her
pretty blue eyes, and it was this rittle tearful face he saw. Reaching
out a hand he said faintly, "Come here, angel baby," and laid his
brawny digits upon the golden tresses of the little maiden. "I saw
your face in front when my horse bucked. I've got such a little
baby back home. Kiss me." He forgot he was an "Injun," for the
"baby" held back a little. "Oh!" he said, "I'm only painted, deary.
I'm no Injun. Only Captain Jack; white as you, deary." And the
baby kissed Yellow Hand. Then poor Jack fainted. When he re
gained consciousness he had been bathed, the color removed and his
long hair smoothed, his pillow softened by tender hands and Yellow
Hand for him had passed.
Bill and the company went on ahead, cutting out the play from
the repertoire, leaving Jack in town. Well, no one lacked friends in
Virginia City those days, so the boys got up a benefit for Jack.
The little miss who kissed good-by to the "Injun" was in the cast,
and after all expenses were paid she took the "sack" of benefit money
to Jack's bedside on Christmas morning, wishing him 800 happy re
turns of the day and handing him that many dollars.
* * •
ALL musicians and true music lovers
know, I think, this story, which seems
to me the best since it is a true nar
rative of a Christmas deed that made
possible the career of one of the greatest
H. TOURGEE.
singers that fame has ever smiled upon.
One Christmas eve, many years ago, near midnight, a little girl
ernurhed near the entrance of St. Francis Xavier Cathedral, one of
the most imposing of God's houses in all New York, attracted there
by the warmth and light which shot out into the darkness from the
e/itranee. Suddenly she lifted her head and her eyes grew big with
wonder as she heard a burst of glorious music, the music of Christmas
tide, midnight mass. She stood spellbound by the maj-estlc tones of
the organ, mingled with the inspired voices of the choir, singing. As
she listened, slowly her childish soul was drawn out and tears suf
fused her eyes.
At this moment a rich equipage drove up and a lady alighted.
Her heart was heavily laden with sorrow, and she, too, was seeking
the warmth and light within. The light and warmth of religious
comfort to a mother's desolate heart.
Quickly her arms encircled the slight little body, and the pinched
face, blue with cold, was pressed close against her rich furs. And
there, after a few questions, the child's pitiful story was told, a story
of want, abuse, hunger and cold, with no love to feed her famished
soul or gladden her little life. Lastly this day she had been jostled
by the pleasure-seeking throng hurrying home to their Christmas
cheer and loved ones, too busy to notice her little songs, or to stop
and drop one penny Into her little cold hand.
As the bells rang out the hour of midnight .that bereaved mother
took the homeless child into her heart as a Christmas gift, and later,
after years of loving care, gave her to the world, a singer so wonder
fully endowed that to hear her almost matchless voice was well nigh
a benediction.
* • *
ON December 24, 1880, I was up In
Bodie withDanCollarner.a prospector,
We were anxious to reach the mining
property of the Homer Company, and
CAPTAIN
G. W. GREEN.
though it was twenty-eight miles from
town and a blinding snowstorm had set it, we started early, hoping to
get there before nightfall. We had gone only a short distance when
we began to regret starting on such a trip on such a day, but we
determined not to turn back, although the snow was falling so
thickly that we had to trust almost entirely to the horses to keep the
rough r.>ad. About ten miles from town, however, we were very
nearly thrown out of the sleigh by a sud'.en jump of our animals to
one side, which landed the outfit on a heavy drift. We found the
cause to be a man lying apparently dead in the snow. After resusci-
we might as Veil hang our harps on the willows."
Commonly the preacher had an open countenance, a ready and engaging
.Fmile. Now his face was something set, his smooth cheek the least bit
flushed as he rode toward Sonny, answering only with a grave collective
nod civil greetings from every side. "Brother Murray, he said, not
touching Sonny's outstretched hand, "it grieves me to speak what you
may not care to hear."
"Dear hless my soul! Is anybody dead, or a church burnt, or air you
turned against your feed, boardin' round?" Sonny asked cheerfully. "Don't
be cast down, Brother Micklejohn— no matter whut happens, the Lord'll
provide."
'I have no doubt of that," Micklejohn said, trying to speak severely,
and to keep his eyes from Lassaphine, who had risen and stood erect in
the rickety wagon bed as a queen might stand beside her throne. "My
trouble is not material, but spiritual. It does trouble me beyond expression
to find you. a professor of Christ, openly engaged in a gambling scheme."
"Gamblin'!" Sonny's jaw dropped, his hands fell to his sides, nerveless
and flaccid. "Gamblin'!" he repeated. "I never gambled in my life! I
don't know whut you mean."
"I do know— it's walkin' for our turkeys," Lassaphine said, springing
down, and standing at her father's side. Her head was high, her eyes
darted lightning, a royal color burned in her cheeks. She looked Micklejohn
full in the eye — his glance fell before hers. "Where are your wings?" she
asked with a little sneering laugh. "You ought to be an angel — you are
too good for a mere man. Understand though, this is my turkey walk. I
raised the turkeys. Sonny's just managin' things to save me trouble.
I'm a probationer, not a full member of your church — I won't ever be
anything more. Take my name off your books— at once! Do you hear?"
Micklejohn bowed silently. His breath came a little short. Lassaphine
waved him toward the gate. As he turned his horse's head, she laughed
defiantly and patted Sonny's arm. "O, I wish I was a man and he not
a preacher," she said, then raising her voice a little, "Come on, everybody!
After this I'll hold pegs— and Sonny may have fun with the rest of you.*'
The walking went on with a rush. Though there were but seventeen
turkeys, Lassaphine somehow found herself at the end possessed of $25.
It was almost dark, but she went into the store iingling the coins,
laughing and making jokes with all her court. Teeny darted out of sight
he would never, never, undertake to wait on her in the face of all those
others. Jack Childers at once flung over the counter into his vacant
place, and certainly sold Lassaphine some astonishing bargains from the
best in stock. She made no demur— since her encounter with Micklejohn
she had a royal recklessness in everything. Before she had flouted the
most trifling gifts. Now she took with a free hand whatever her wooers
chose to offer, thereby greatly scandalizing the few other women making
belated Christmas purchases.
"Let me take you home!" Jack said, looking up into her brilliant face
when the buying was done. Jack was fair and blue-eyed, and half a head
the lower. She smiled down at him, and stepped toward the door.
Outside there was black darkness— she could not make out even Jinny's
paleness against the red of Brandy. Sonny, whom Grant and Haskell had
managed to keep miraculously sober for Christmas eve, was already in
his seat, propped all about with parcels. "No — T'll go as I came — in my
own private carriage," she called over her shoulder. "I don't want to
spoil sport. Be sure, you-all, to come tell me how the turkey supper
went off."
"Tell you what, she's got grit— that girl has!" Walker said, sticking his
hands in his pocket by way of emphasizing his first leisure since sunrise.
"She ain't afraid of nothin' in this world ncr the next."
"We found that out several hours back," Jack said— and Walker could
not understand why the others laughed so heartily.
Christmas dawned properly clear and cold with a powdering of fine light
snow over everything. By 12 o'clock it had melted except where it lay
in shadow. Th? road was moist, not wet from it. yet Lassaphine held her
skirts high above it. She sang in a gay loud voice as she walked, and
now and then made a dancing step. Until now she had never in her life
•made a Christmas gift— and she was going to bestow upon the Rouse
tribe— five strapping girls, renters and poor whites, all the gauds and
gewgaws she had accepted from her lovers. AVhen they came, later in.
the day, she would tell them of what she had done— she smiled whimsically
in thinking of Doc Grant's dismay— there was feud, tobacco-born, betwixt
him and the Rouse tribe's progenitor. Len would sigh thriftily over the
waste of his money; Jack— Jack would laugh with her and think it a fine
Christmas prank.
The Rouses should never know. She had marked their name on the
bundle— stealing in, she would knock, drop it and run away. Their house
sat almost flush with the road which a little later plunged downhill into a
dark and threatening gorge. Either side the hills, precipices almost,
crowded in so close, a resolute man might dispute another's passage'
Lassaphine hated the gorge. She passed through it whenever she went
to her favorite church, Sharon. Brother Micklejohn preached there to-day
The RoUHe tribe were likely to go and hear him. Lassaphine herself had
meant to be there— also to fetch the minister home with her, to share
her Christmas dinner. "Let the Rouses have him— with the rest " she
thought, touching the bundle of which her arm was growing weary. She
heard "hoofs upon the road behind and slipped within a roadside cedar
clump to rest. She was hardly well hidden before three rideis halted just
in front of her, spoke briefly together, then rode furiously away down hill.
Brother Micklejohn had prayed with fervor and preached with unction
yet his heart was heavy as he rode away from Sharon. Against hope'
against reason, he had hoped to see Lassaphine. He loved his Master
and his Master's work, yet he was barely 23, with veins riotously full of
young red blood. From the first he felt Lassaphine's spell. A brief while
he had fought against it— then he surrendered everything but conscience
to its subtle sweetness. It was conscience which had made him anger
her; he was jealously afraid of his own heart. Another man in Sonnv'a
case, would have been privately told of his unseemly behavior Love and
Lassaphine had constrained him to deal harshly, upon pain of seeming to
himself a coward.
She must be furiously angry— etill he would not give her up— he would
go to her, and somehow make his peace. He rode with eyes downcast,
CAPTAIN JACK CRAWFORD, the
Poet Scout, came to Virginia City,
New, during the middle boom of '76,
in Buffalo Bill's company, playing
Yellow Hand, an Indian chief notoriously
tating him he told us that he had started for Lundy, but had become
exhausted and given up in despair. He was poorly clad and very
dejected, saying that he had no friends and would be better oft dead,
but we took him into the sleigh, intending to give him a lilt to nis
destination, which we were to pass through on our way.
The added weight made things worse for our horses, and by 9
o'clock at night we had only reached the house of George Barnes, at
the junction of the main and Mill Creek road, where we obtained per
mission to remain until morning. George and the little girl had retired,
but Mt*. Barnes was up dressing a little Christmas tree, and she gave
us a goo'l hot supper and a bed and lent the old man blankets enough
to make Mm comfortable in the barn on the hay.
The next morning we all rose early, as the little girl roused the
house with her joy over her presents, and I went out to see to the
horses. I fcr.nd the old man much refreshed by his sleep and brought
him in with me to breakfast. The child took a fancy to him at once
and showed him her toys. A book had her name, "Jessie Barnes,"
written on a leaf, and the old man eagerly asked her father's
name. George came in just then and the stranger stood up and held
out kis hand.
"Don't you know me?" he said. "If you are son of Jessie and Rich
ard Barnes you ought not to have quite forgotten my face."
And George just put his arms around the old man's neck and
said, "Father!"
It was a long story about their separation — Richard had come to
California while his son was a mere boy, hoping to mend his fortunes,
but things had gone wrong with him and he had lost track of his
family.
Reaching manhood, George had come out here also, but he had
prospered and had a comfortable home in which to care for his father
in his old age, now that a strange combination of circumstances had
brought the two, who had not seen each other for over twenty years,
together again.
"Santa Claus brought me lots of presents and a grandfather, ioo, rt
said little Jessie. "I think he is better to me than he is to most little
girls." And I think he was.
* • *
FIFTY years ago there lived in North
umberland, England, a man greatly
noted for his selfishness. He owned
a fine estate in that picturesque, his
toric country and though he had an abund-
MARIE FREEMAN
GRAY.
ance of all good things he cared naught for those around him what
were suffering and in want.
One bitter cold Christmas eve, after having provided most bountU
fully for his own dinner on the coming day, he betook himself to bed,
but as he lay there, like Nebuchadnezzar of old, "his spirit was
troubled and his sleep brake from him."
He seemed to hear a voice saying, "Rise and send food to a cer*
tain family near by, whom you know to be in great need."
In vain did he say, "This is all imagination; there is no voice and
I will not be disturbed!" The voice would not be silenced. It con
tinually sounded in his ears and at last he arose, called his house
keeper and directed her to fill a large basket with a good supply or
various foods and have it taken immediately to the poor man's cot
tage. Having done his duty he went back to his couch and was
troubled no more, but slept with a good conscience.
While this man was trying to turn a deaf ear to the voice tl\at
would not be silenced the poor man was wandering around in the
darkness, praying God for help. On this Christmas eve he had mj
food for his famishing children and it was more than he could bear
to listen to their cries for bread, hence he had gone out into the
storm, tb>ere in sorrow and agony to plead for assistance from the
great father of all. Late in the evening he returned home and saw
the large basket which had been sent to his door and he rejoiced
with great thankfulness that his prayers had been thus answered.
This act was the turning point in the rich man's life, and ever
after he knew by experience that "it is more blessed to give than to
receive."
This story was related to me by a young English woman, whose
home was in Northumberland, near to Bamborough Castle. Her
father had personal knowledge of the facts as above stated and his
daughter, as a child, was greatly impressed with the tale.
* • *
* • •
THE kind<^t Christmas deed I ever
witnessed was done in Maryland be
fore the war. A young man named
Abraham Preston had, by the recent
death of his father, come into his share of
NELLIE BLbSSING
EYSTER.
the paternal inheritance, which was, in the words of the testator,
"David Gordon, an able-bodied negro, now 24 years old, who will
bring, if sold, three thousand dollars." It had been the home custom
on Christmas morning after the usual salutation of the slaves, viz:
"Christmas gift, Massa! Christmas gift, Mlstis!" to present them
each with substantial tokens of regard, such as a new calico dress or
a pair of "store shoes." The slaves, four in number, had, with one
exception, grown old in the service of the family, and their money
value, as chattels, amounted to but little. The exception was "Dave,"
as straight as a young pine and one of the "likeliest niggers" in the
village. It was their first holiday in which "Ole Massa" was absent,
and the older negroes' gratitude for the usual favors received was
subdued in expression. .Abraham Preston, now "Young Massa," was
the donor. As Dave approached there was no bundle for him in.
evidence.
"Did you forgit me. Mass 1 Abe?" His eyes had the tender surprise
of a loving dog.
"Dave!" said Mass' Abe. "We were boys together, you know.
In our wild frolics we forgot that your skin was black and mine white.
You have ever been my faithful friend, and I recognize in you the soul
of a true man. Here's your freedom papers, Dave, for your Christmas
gift. All that I want to own of you is your love."
The astonished but delighted negro was, for a moment, dumb with
surprise. Freedom for him ! God alone knew what at meant. All that
he could say as the grateful tears rolled down his cheeks was:
"Sech a Christmus gift! Mass' Abe. I'se yours for life."
reins hanging'.-/ His .'horse, all at once, shied violently, then stood stock
still. A glance told him the reason— other horsemen so aligned aa
to block the way. Jack Childers was In the middle, Grant and Haskell to
right and left. All three faces were set in a sort of steely whiteness. ;
Instinctively Mieklejohn understood, and in understanding comprehended
how much he had mistaken his vocation. The elemental savage woke in;
him— love, religion, honor, ambition, were as nothing by contrast with
this lust for a weapon, : this ; mad desire to fight to the death. He was
wholly unarmed, in the face of tremendous odds. He was better horsed
" than any of the three, and to the full as pood a rider. - His one chance
was to ride them down, and run for it. • It was characteristic that tha
thought of 'turning back never once entered his mind. ' I
He gathered up the reins, bent his head, whistled softly and spurred
straight' at the line. .Jack swerved his horse the least bit, let the other
get his head well past, then leaning lightly tore the reins from Mickle-
I John s grasp and threw his horse upon its haunches. The force of impact
swung his own horse around— in an Instant both animals had fallen Tha
riders at hard grips, writhed free of the struggling beasts, staggered
swayed back and forth through a breathless heart-breaking minute then}
fell prone in the rocky road. • . : *T "'
i Mieklejohn stood six feet-he had brawny broad shoulders and loose
jointed, long caching arms But try as he might, he could not free
himself Jack arms , were locked about the big chest like a steel band
momentarily tightening. Not a word had been spoken. None was needed
Micklejohn knew he was paying for what they & ad taken as aninsuk to!
Lassaphine. The knowledge was mere feeling-he neither thought nor
planned consciously. Life meant fighting-nothing more nor less-lghtin*
an antagonist he ought to crush with one arm, who yet seeraedTlkely to
D€Si nun*
cw ce a sh * ut h i 9 cy * ' *?, ut opened them instantly. He could see nothing but
£ri5VM re an yellow nd green, melting into blackness. Still Jack's
grip held vise-like, agonizing. His breath went no lower than the throat
he must break the grip or perish. With a mighty, plunging surge he got:
■ ; s°,, hlls-lLneß'h I ls -lL ne B ' loosened ,orl?, or l? hand, clinched it and struck Chllders a blow
full in the face. Blood followed it, red blood warm and sticky. :It came in
a trickling jet, but did not dim the fire in Jack's eyes Still he held hard
swaying back and forth, foiling Micklejohn's efforts to get upon Ms feet
a e W ala y PUrP ' the staring eyes-he knew the end was only »
eSiJTJ'hw 8 ln n h l S f grasp - Mieklejohn had struck him again, a feeble
l™« 1 tt W * -fllf 11 at once a whirlwind seemed. to rage behind him-hfs
hi^fn W IL torn lo . ose> , he was flung violently aside-Lassaphine, her eyes
AftPr fhf ■ amped h r foot and 'cried: "Shame L Shame!! Shame on you!!!
After this never call yourselves men!" - '
v,,l t i i lk r yo , u ,, can>t we set on him-three to one?" Jack
p w cd L ol ? he nodded coldly. "I can't: think anything else," she said. '«
■ : -«?£,Twi why-because he took it on himself to saas Sonny-and me. A •
f Snt^m I Same a a 0 " 11 " 1 - ain't fitten fer him to fight, no matter
' vo W m " c £ s tr , en $* and will he may have I could mighty .nigh manage
you, Jack,- fair fist-and-skull-but yon wouldn't lay the weight of your
. hand on me, no matter what I might do." ' "■:'■:
"No!" Jack said, "nor let anybody else."
|Who planned this foolishness first?" she asked, still severe.
had in?ir- Tho*? id M? lask ul\u 1 \i laco 2lcal2 Icall > vc <<Tnen we drawed lots-and Jack
™J" c f' viF hat fallow had to be thrashed-ef he thrashed Jack, then I
come into the argyment, and Doc after, me." :,, r T' > ~ -, : .
™^ i a *" ap , 1 " 6 'f, Iface1 face 'relaxed a little. "You all go on up to the hbus^ and
co a iUh hh ee e r %&!<£&** iS - lhere ' S -n-thing-I've got a^wSSIo say
i^^emier^^lu^SSlhe^
SodYcSdrssScg^ saw " but even she ' 6 likely t0 be a ™*™*
'"•■T^«f,M?k k V ®" lt( " Hask ell (admitted, with a half sarcastic sieh
nf^Tn«J d - ifi- funny now -if - we ' d won the brother's case for him instead
abom n it! n jac 1 k?"° Ut ° he COUntry aS we intended. Whut do yout'hink
n«>t^ ! lJ> ,X n fin; Jack said as though coming out of a dream - " In th««
.matter Lassaphine must do the thinking." ; " ' . • am *- .- In thls
£^at"ch|SVh a en%\ trio, an uproarious welcome, which crew
Brother Mieklejohn in her y wake. "Shake hands-all l O f £>„ » ll
mSST^Sr WaSh yy ° Ur hEndS and ~me° Uo»U o»t 8 S
Sonny had helped her. Sonny had a gourmet's palate and n , Lnv 7^ ,
in seasoning. At Christmas neither was ever stinted hlfwSvSr {,»* 18^ 6
living other days' of the year. They ate in leisurely fash?™ \t ™ & J *&*
dusk when they : arose from the table. - LasVauhinn - i«i «ii 3^ Ul t te
srandpap's room, which was bright with leaping fKi"*ht^Tot^itw?ni? to
. she lit i candles In s two ; tall -, brass sticks, . turned about nmif^ 15 wP dl ng
John, who ;s throughout what ought to have been an nrrili Mickle
curiosly: elate. > Her. face was nave, though ' a. Hu^h • lurtfjS . had seemed
"Brother Mieklejohn," she said, "you asked mo down k *» n her eye ?J
I came there 'because I loved Bomebody * in™ I d £w? •v! h ° ge lf
think I meant you?" I# sald > Yes - Dld y°"
forehead wa ?h?o^n« v?eloii*iS ye i?- fast on ; aphine. The cut on his
overwhelmed him He flun^hll yy ~ hfe Was B Pent and weak-the flood of joy
! on ff Moulder with' a "dry /n,^ 8 about .Lassaphine and laid. his headDick Spindler's
Family Christmas
Copyrighted, 1598, by Bret Harte.
THERE was surprise and some disap
pointment in Rough and Ready when
it was known that Dick Spindier in
■ tended to give a "Family" Christmas
" party at his own house. That he
should take an early opportunity to cele
brate his good fortune and show hospital
ity was only expected from the man who
had just made a handsome "strike" on
his claim, but that it should assume . so
conservative, old-fashioned and respect
able a form was quite unlooked for by
Rough and Ready, and was thought by
some a trifle pretentious. There. were net
half a dozen families in Rough and
Ready ; nobody ever knew before that Spin
dier had any relations, and this "ringing
in" of strangers to the settlement seemed
to Indicate at least a lack of public
spirit. "He might," urged one of Ills crit
ics, "hey given the boys— had worked
alongside o' him in the ditches by
day, and slung lies with him around the
campilre by night— he might hey given
them a square 'blow out' and kep' the
leayin's for his old Splndler crew, just as
other families do. Why, when old man
udder had his house-raisin' last year
his family lived for a week on what was
left over after the boys had waltzed
through the house that night— and the
Scudders warn't strangers, either." It
was also evident that there was an un
easy feeling that Spindler's actions in
dicated an unhallowed leaning to
ward the minority of respectability and
excluslveness, and a desertion—
the exouae of matrimony— of the conviv
ial and independent bachelor majority of
Rough and Ready.
"Ef he was stuck after some gal and
was kinder lookln' ahead, I'd hey under
stood It," argued another critic.
"Don't ye be too sure he ain't, said
Uncle Jim Starbruek, gloomily. "Yell
find that some blamed woman is at the
bottom of this yer 'fammerly' gathering.
That and trouble ez almost all they're
made for!" . , •?•'
There happened to be some truth in this
dark prophecy— but not of the kind that
the misogynist supposed. In fact Spin
dler had called a few evenings before at
the house of the Rev. Mr. Saltover, and
Mrs Saltover having one of her "Salcra
tus headaches" had turned him over to
her widow sister. Mrs. Huldy Price, who
obediently bestowed upon him that prac
tical and critical attention which she di
vided with the stocking she was darning.
She was a woman of 35, of singular nerve
and practical wisdom, who had once
smuggled her wounded uusband home
from a border affray, calmly made coffee
for his deceived pursuers while he. lay
hidden in the loft, walked four miles for
that medical assistance which arrived too
late to save him, and burled him secretly
In his own "quarter section," with oniy
one other witness and mourner, and so
paved her position and property in that
wild community who believed he had
fled. There was very little of this expe
rience to be traced in her round, fresh
colored, brunette cheek, her calm black
eyes, set in a prickly hedge of stiff lashes,
her plump ngure, or Tier frank, cour
ageous laugh. The latter appeared as a
Fmile when she welcomed Mr. Spindler.
"She hadn't seen him for a coon age.
but "reckoned he was busy ftxiu' up his
n^\VeH Ull veß," said Spindler with a slight
hesitation, "ye see 1 m reckonln' to.hey
a "kinder Christmas gatherin of my- he
was about to say "folks." but dismissed
It for "relations." and finally settled upon
"relatives" as being more correct in a
preacher's house.
Mrs Price thought it a very good Idea.
Christmas was the natural season for the
family to gather to "see who's here and
who's there, who's gettin" on and who
Isn't, and who's dead and buried. It was
lucky for them who were so placed
that they could do so and be Joyful.
Her invincible philosophy probably car
ried her past any dangerous recollections
of the lonely grave in Kansas, and hold
ing up the stocking to the light she
glanced cheerfully along Its level to Mr.
Spindler's embarrassed face by the tire.
•\\*ll. I can't say much ez to that," re
sponded Spindler still awkwardly, "for
you pee 1 don't know much about it any
way."
-How long since you've seen 'em?
asked Mrs. Price, apparently addressing
herself to the stocking.
Pplndler gave a weak laugh. "Well, you
pee. ef It comes to that, I ye never Been
Mrs Price put the stocking In her lap
•■' Splndler.
.:i 'cm?" she repeated. "Then
• Dear relations*"
"i'here ar« thiee < ouiMns." said Splndler.
checking them oft* on his fingers, "h half
uncle, a kind of brother-in-law
the I
• i, , . i nai - -
"But If you've not Been them. 1 suppose
they've corresponded with you?" said
Mrs. Price.
"They've nearly all of 'em written to
m* for money— seeing my name In the
paper ex havln* made a strike," returned
Splndlcr. simply, "and hevln' sent It, I
Jest know their addresses."
"Oh!" said Mrs. Price, returning to the
Stocking.
Something In the .tone of h«r ejaeula
tlon incrensetJ Splndlor's embarrassment,
but It also made him desperate. "You
•*«•. Mr*. Price," he blurted out. "I
oußhtcr tell ye that I reckon they are the
folks that 'hevn't sot on.' don't you i>ri\
and ixi it .■•■< nn-.l only the square, thing
for me. ft had 'ROt on.' to Rtve them a
sort <*' (.'hrfstman festival. Buthln*. don't
jr» know. Itka what your brother-in-law
was aajlu* laM Hunday In the puipit about
th!» yer pt-AC9 and goodwill tw'xt man
and man/
Mr*. I'ilc* looked asaln at th« man be
fore h»r. lli« ««Uow. pcrpleje.i ff B ei> ei
hlb!!«xj »om« doubt. y*t a certain deter
mination re*ardinK tho proxpect th» quo
tation hart- «iiM-n*«! to him. ''A very r«*«l
KJra. Mr. HfJndler. and one that doe/you
«r*at rrt^tt." nh» m»M. ttravfiy.
"I'm mtahty s!an to h«ar you <«>• 90,
Mm. Pile*" h+ »ald, with an artvnt f
Ktrmi 4»»*f. "for 1 rrrkouiNl to ask you
*»*•■>! f«\"f' Tou »**'." he Ml into h!»
fwm»'f br»lt»tton. **ttMt is-th* fart l*>—
that ihit «-«» it <»" thttijt Is rather mudden
• • tn*~.» litii* outer H>jr line, don't ywt
•#*, fcn4 1 »a* «oit«* Ut a«k }-• ft /uu'A
ntfWl takiß' Mi* bull tfal&c In hand mni
*f* »i.v tU\xb.:r,m «ff"
•|w»»*ln' tlw »hiul*> Job fer »•.** l»cr«
rl»4 tat #i-<*»«urt, mi\h t»*fYo«t* <ni»»»
ttr-ei. >..««.!>' t»ctiltrt ail th* ii»n.»,«
a«nl »}»Wj»»' r«*d!|r for >m~<>rdtrin' is «•«•
#c> «*>-»' «iv*i? • »a«inl, »t»d e«ta* £j» tfe*
twum»-^t fc*w «trt> wt wfMi* 1"«h»' tf-rfts" H
~hM*4 i»»*a »»4|<«b* m# r*r*Ht«ln' 'mi. aM
•*««•■ th* i«t4»~yi«nt«H»«r:
••►*»; 4«»*» kh* r*a
> a ■ - -
«a raj *a m«v •; »-,*»«
■•. .. ■ •/ > , -  •• -2- . r• s IMk
•^f. *»*#.*»* «•»«*»» Vff* fMC
>* »■**s tajlMwf^g »« «-•*»;"
'.«•*■ ■■ - t*** at Hr<«i wwtwi
MIHIiT <•■% «r'V --
--» •>%**** " •**>'* **»'" •**• •**«*
' iwwi»itn i|ln «%'«ilMN^md »*• fb» ft»r« m*i
By Bret Harte.
such signs of distress that the widow de
clared she would "think It over"— pro
cess which the sanguine Splndler seemed
to consider so nearly akin to taking It.
over, that Mrs. Price began to believe it
herself, as he hopefully departed.
She "thought it over ' sufficiently to go
to Sacramento and excuse herself to her
nieces. But here she permitted herself
to "talk it over" to the infinite delight of
those Baltimore girls, who thought this
extravagansa of Spindler's "so Callfor
nlan and eccentric! So that it was not
strange that presently the news came
back to Rough and Ready, and his old
associates learned for the first time that
he had never seen his relatives and that
they would be doubly strangers. This did
not increase his popularity; neither, I
grieve to say, did the intelligence that his
relatives were probably poor and that the
Rev. Mr. Saltover had approved of his
course, and had likened it to the rich
man's feast to which the halt and blind
were Invited. Indeed, the allusion was
supposed to add hypocrisy and a bid for
popularity to Spindler's defection, for it
was argued that he might have feasted
"Wall-eyed Joe" or "Tangle-foot Billy"—
who had once been "chawed" by a bear
while prospecting— if he had been sin
cere. Howbeit, Spindler's faith was ob
livious to these criticisms in his joy at
Mr. Saltover's adhesion to his plans, and
the loan of Mrs. Price as a hostess. In
fact, he proposed to her that the invita
tions should also convey that information
in the expression, "by the kind permission
of the Rev. Mr. SaltCver." as a guarantee
of good faith— but the widow would have
none of it. The invitations were duly
written and dispatched.
"Suppose," suggested Spindler, with a
sudden lugubrious apprehension, "sup
pose they shouldn't come?"
"Have no fear of that," said Mrs. Price
with a frank laugh.
_ "Or cf they was dead?" continued
Spindier.
"They couldn't all bo dead," said the
widow, cheerfully.
"I've written to another cousin by mpr
riage,' said Splndler dubiously, "in case
of accident— l didn't think of him before,
because he was rich."
"And , have you ever seen him, either,
Mr. Spindler?" asked the widow, with a
slight mischievousness. v
"Lordy! No!" he responded with unaf
fected concern.
Only one mistake was made by Mrs.
Price in her arrangements for the parts,
bhe had noticed— what the simple-minded
aplndler could never have conceived—
the feeling toward him held by his old
associates, and had tactfully suggested
that a general invitation should be ex
tended to them In the evening.
"You can have refreshments, you
know, too, after the dinner, and games
and music."
But," said the unsophisticated host.
'won't the boys think I'm playln* It
rather low down on them— so to speak—
givin' them a kind o' second table, as ef
it was the tailings after a strike?"
"Nonsense." said Mrs. Price, with de
cision. "It's quite fashionable in San
Francisco— and just the thing to do."
To this decision Spindler, in his blind
faith In the widow's management, weakly
yielded. An announcement in the "Week
ly Banner" that "On Christmas evening
Richard Splndler, Esq., proposed to en
tertain his friends and fellow-citizens at
an 'At Home' in his own residence," not
only widened the breach between him and
the "boys," but awakened an active re
sentment that only waited for an outlet.
It was understood that they were all com
ing; but that they should have "some fun
out of It," which might not coincide with
Spindler's nor his relatives* Bense of hu
mor, seemed a foregone conclusion.
Unfortunately, too, subsequent events
lent themselves to this irony of the situ
ation. A few mornings after the invita
tions were dispatched Spindier at one
of his daily conferences with Mrs. Price
took a newspaper from his pocket. "It
seems," he said, looking at her with an
embarrassed gravity, "that we will have
to take one o them names off that list —
the name o' Sam Splndler— and kalkilate
upon only six relations coming."
"Ah," said Mrs. Price interestingly,
"then you have had an answer and he has
declined?"
"Not that exactly." said Splndler slow
ly, 'but from remarks In this yer paper
he was hung last week by the Vigilance
Committee of Yolo."
Mrs. Price opened her eyes on Spin
dler's face, as she took the paper from
his hand. "But," she said quickly, "tins
may all be a mistake— some other Spin
dler. Yon know, you say you've never
seen them!"
"I reckon it's no mistake," said Spin
dler, with patient gravity, 'for the com
mittee Bent me back my Invitation with
tho kinder disparagin" remark that
they've "sent him where It ain't bin the
habit to keep Christmas! "
Mrs. Price gasped, but a glance at
Splndler'B patient, wistful, inquiring eyes
brought back her old courage. "Well,"
she said, cheerfully, "perhaps It's just as
well he didn't come."
"Are ye hurt- of that, Mrs. Price?" said
Splndler, with a slightly troubled •x
pression. "Seems to me now that he was
tho sort as might hey bin gathered in at
the feast—and kinder snatched like ■
brand from the burnin', accordln' to
Scripture. Hut ye know best."
"Mr. Splndler," Hald Mrs. Price, sud
denly, with a slight snap In her black
even, "are yciur— .i r e. the others like thin?
Or"— here her eyes softened again nnd In r
laugh returned, albeit slightly hysterlcnl
—"is tins kind of thing like)) to happen
again?"
"I think we're pretty s»artln o' hevtn' six
to dinner," returned Splndler simply
Then, as If noticing some other siKiiln
cance in her ppecoh, he added wistfully,
"liut you went ro burk on me, Mrs.
Price, ef things ain't pannln' out ezackly
na I reckoned. You nee I never really
k!..-u there yer relations."
ii> wns no obviously Fincare in his In
(ten;. above all, >>;■ judgment such
:,h»- h.-M! a. ■! to let Mm know the shook
Ms revelation had Rlv«>n her. And what
tptjcht bl* other rrlatlwna prove to be!
(<:■ ..! Lord! Yet. «>:•::■. and fasclnaw-d
I y hi* very (jui&otlMn, thut It wn.« |*«r
hap* frcia them complex reasons that she
raid » tittlo stay:
"On* «f the** eou*in*. I i«e». I* a I.■<:>•-
nj.J tNn irer*"'* your niece. Do you Uiiuw '
rrvthln* •ht.qt them. Mr. **nln<Her?'
Ml* t»c* grew arrtoun. "No more- than
I know ef tin? oth*r*." h« luUd. apulog>t
irally. After" a nutrernt'* beattatUin he
»rm en: "N«» > <>t> •peak of It. It *t « m*
in me !**• h«~anl that my ».!••<- was ■!!
<"ii«i I tut." tt« «<w«l, bnirht«nln» up,
' T>*> fc«**r4 that «h» «v |««j>»i'.*r."
Mn l*ru«- g*\f a »h«rt Mu*h and «m
*ll#nt fur a f«-«r m«ment». '»" h« n thin nub*
lira* IIUS* vitmitt luokt-4 at him. What b«
nrif&t b*.* Xt? I* her »>•» *t* mor«
i*»»n t»# ««*«##» or. I tmr. «l««rrM
Tlhn* wpV Mr. t!jiß<Urr," *b* *aW. man«
fully, "tit •** jrim ll»r*SMifc i&S* thtar—
4tini |»a BsJfi*t: Hwt «ie*»' t »«'-j **r •(<>•
thing atwtti— «Uwet-~thi* VlffiUnr* C«B»»
mhxr* !»««*««*• t* •wtmip. Nw abmt
bit *$** * ti**lt»*t - h«»f* j»w \t*trl .4»i
tmsr «»«r« «*f*"'t «*•*»*, jtmo, kn/*: rj» it
«h <fe*e* r*» §Mi «««»« t» fefts* kmr ♦w.t
a tit ««a»(Nj( rmmwwia^
A% p*tsn* **»*>«, iik «&** trmiffnl-
MM «sK»te'« «?*«« ePx&tir. }*rtlkip» m
***** ■#♦ mM $mr *■»•*», S# vutxi i«>
•*«*•, ,4t f»rrwawtKt bur *9s*«» U»«t it*
-fwlf ttei&* rf t»i tw «tf fit. «*fß*iar»»
w««t.'«sjsiNß»'f^» Mi***. «a^ a»> i»*».s
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1898. .
wanted to use him to get into society; and
the fun of the whole thing was that this
half-uncle and wnole brute is himself a
parvenu— a vulgar, ostentatious creature,
who was only a "
"Never mind what he was, Kate," inter
rupted Mrs. Price hastily. "I call his con
duct a shame."
"So do we," said both girls, eagerly.
After a pause Kate clasned her knees
with her locked fingers and rocking back
ward and forward, said: "Mllly and I
have got an idea, and don't say 'no' to it.
We've had it ever since that brute talked
in that way. Now, through him. we know
more about this Mr. Spindler's family oon
nections than you do; and we know all
the trouble you and he'll have In getting
up this party. You understand? Now,
we first want to know what Spindler's
like. Is he a savage, bearded creature,
like the miners we saw on the boat?"
Mrs. Price said that on the contrary he
QJ^GEFUb J\S J\ NyMP^. SHE LEO WIJ,H COUSIN DICK" A VipQlJ^ REEL U^Tib THE W^ObE ASSEMBLY JOINED, EAQEJ* FOR
£ P^SSINQ JOUCH OF jiEJ* DAIJliy JIAND.
was very gentle, soft-spoken and r» h»r
good looking.
"Young or oil.""
"Young— ln fact, a mere boy, as foil
may juiii?e from his actions. r»turn<:<l
Mrs. Price, with a suggestive, matronl/
air.
Kate here put up a- long-handled eye
glass to her line gray eyes, fitted it osten
tatiously over her nqulllnc nose tind tbfti
said. In a voice of simulated hnrror :
"Aunt Huldy— this revelation Is shock-
Ing!"
Mrs. Price laughed her usual fr*nli
laugh, albeit her brown cheek to * upon
It a faint tint of Indian red. "It tb»t't
the wonderful idea you girls hay* foi, ."
don't see haw It's going to help ix. •£**."'
she said, dryly.
"No! that's not It! We really I aye ar.
Idea. Now, look here!"
Mrs. Price "looked here." This pmee«»
seemed to the. superficial observer t» be
merely -submitting her waist and ancml
dera to the arms of her nieces i i;l her
earn to their confidential and tuaV.ng
voice*.
HOW QUEEN VICTORIA SPENDS CHRISTMAS.
Tn llkr*. us «th*r p^»f4«
dn. to «p*nd ' hrtatmp.s ■ th«
bosom of her family. <»*«•» to
< n.K.n fur winter abode, r.wlns s» xh»
.-luhrtty «f it? riimiu and Its »**»♦♦
<***•« <* •*»> **•* tho BifU *ii- sE*
■
Mar }X»it*tr I* t'*rv& or kaJtyu ; m 4
«f »lr*» pUHintf. B3M etas Elf^; «fsw
t**tu.sr vtib a !»r«f ivary hc<J" sjb4
• ■
«#«ssiaa». •• Ova IMtN» ««*^ hs,T*i", a."*
■ '- ■ .
| Twice she eaid "it couldn't be thought
of," and "it was impossible," once ad
dressed Kate as "You limb!" and finally
said that she "wouldn't promise— but
might write!"
It was two days before Christmas.
There was nothing in the air, sky or land
scape of that Slerran slope to suggest the
season to the Eastern stranger. A soft
rain had been dropping for a week from
laurel, pine and buckeye, and the blades
of springing grasses and shyly opening
flowers. Sedate and silent hillsides that
had grown dumb and parched toward the
end of the dry season became gently ar
ticulate again; there were murmurs in
hushed, and forgotten canyons, the leap
and laugh of water among the dry bones
of dusty creeks and the full song of the
larger forks and rivers. Southwest winds
brought the warm odor of the pine sap
swelling in the forest, or the faint, far-off
spice of wild mustard springing in the
lower valleys. But, as if by some irony
of Nature, this gentle invasion of spring
in the wild wood brought only disturbance
and discomfort to the haunts and work 3
of man. The ditches were overflowed, the
fords of the fork impassable, the sluicing
adrift and the trails and wagon roads to
Rough and Ready knee deep in mud. The
stage coach from Sacramento, entering
the settlement by the mountain highway
its wheels and panels clogged and crusted
with an unctuous pigment, like mud and
blood, passed out of it through the over
flowed and dangerous ford and emerged in
spotless purity, leaving its stains behind
with Rough and Ready. A week of en
forced idleness on the river "bar" had
driven the miners to the more comfortable
recreation of the saloon bar, its mirrors.
Its florid paintings, Its armchairs and its
stove. The steam of their wet boots and
the smoke of tneir pipes hung over the
latter like the sacrificial Incense from an
altar. But the attitude of the men was
more critical and censorious than con
tented, and showed little of the gentleness
of the weather or season.
"Did you hear if the stage brought
down any more relations of Splndlers?"
The barkeeper to whom this question
was addressed shifted his lounging posi
tion against tne bar and said: "I reckon
not— ez far ez I know."
"And that old bloat of a second cousin
—that crimson beak — what kern down yes
terday—he ain't bin hangin* round here
to-day for ihts regular plzon*.*'
"No." said the barkeeper, thoughtfully;
"I rrrkf^i Spindler's grot him lr»ikt<l up
nnd Is stttin' on him to keep him sober
till after Christmas, and prevent you
boys ircttln* at him."
"He'll ba.T« th« jimlams b*fore that."
returned the first spcaiscr. '"and now
about that dead U.it of a half -nephew
who borrowed twenty dollar* of YuH.i Bill
on the way down and then wanted to >:< i
off at Bhoot«r*ville» but Bill wouldn't J*t
him. and snooted him down to yptm!lerT!«
and collected the money from Swindler
himself, afore ht> d give him up?"
"He's up thar with the rent of thft me
narerl**," Bald th# barkeeper. *'bnt I
reckon that Mrs. Price ha« bin fe«dln*
him up. An«l ye know the old woman
—that fifty -tlftn cousin by marriage—
■whom Jo« Chandler swears he remenilK i r»
tz an old rw.»k for & Chinese restaurant
In Ptockton— flam my ek!n ef that Mrx.
I'rire hszn't rlffged hrr out In Rome ftincjr
rfudsi of h«r own, and mad« h«r lock quite
decent.
*e<l card*, vi* *113b *>ne *n<j<her to pro>
«Js« «e*M**tef feMMtlTttl for tor «*-
Jojrrtiwrt.
<Tsrl»!Tij»* fsr« In «r*4*c^ wwb »«u
cwsos *t O»*«ir«fc Thm r*jai kit<jH*a
-.a . :.
taufm of tvw-f neltic-h sJirar» Krac«» 'tis*
TM» fersri*dat'l# i*i«.^ of truant h*3 t«
f>«! ■ ■•■ ''it M fit Wt»4F3T a»4 :*: * «:©»T#^.-®»!l
toy Qct«-n'a mestfrtsffifJ' t» thw I«t# *t
Wl^'ht. *t J* ta.k.'S"n arrcswi »««ife»j»|>*
ta« v*f#T in v3sae ts fasstlbwrtj' <»tJ?Ki
#jt*«l*Uy »*t ftai*# i<it t2s% ciiwwcirJptfNf*
«s ..,'*" i I r h ■ v '-■ r. <.■ •■■ ■■ ■ , u«i
A deep groan here broke from Uncle
Jim Starbuck. "Didn't I tell ye!" he said,
turning appealingly to the others. "It's
that darned widow that's at the bottom
of It all! She first put Splndler up to
givin' the party and now— darn my skin—
ef she ain't goln' to fix up these raga
muffins and drill 'em so we can't get any
fun outer 'em after all! And It's bein'
a woman that's bossin' the job and not
Spindler, we've got to draw things mighty
fine and not cut up too rough, or some of
the boys will kick!"
"You bet!" said a surly but decided
voice in the crowd.
"And," said another voice, "Mrs. Price
didn't live in 'Bleeding Kansas' for noth
ing."
"Wot's the programme you've settled
on, Uncle Jim?" said the barkeeper, light
ly, to check what seemed to promise a
dangerous discussion.
"Well," said Starbuck, "we kalkllate to
gather early Christmas night In Hooper's
Hollow and rig ourselves up Injun fash
ion, and then start for Spindler's with
pitch pine torches and have a 'torchlight
dance' around the house, them who does
the dancin' and yellin' outßide takin' their
turn at goin' in and hevln' refreshment.
Jake Cooledge of Boston sez if anybody
objects to it, we've only got to say we're
'Mummers of the Olden Times,' sabe?
Then later we'll have them 'Sabbath
Evening Bells' performed on prospectin'
pans by the band. Then at the finish Jake
Cooledge is goin' to give one of his sur
kastic speeches— kinder welcomin' Spind
ler's family to the free openin' o' Spind
ler's Almshouse and Reformatory." He
paused, possibly for that approbation
which, however, did not seem to come
spontaneously. "It ain't much," he add
ed, apologetically, "for we're hampered
by women; but we'll add to the pro
gramme ez we see how things pan out.
Ye see, from what we can hear, all of
Spindler's relations ain't on hand yet!
We've got to wait, like in elekshun times,
for 'returns from the back counties.'
Hello! What's that?"
It was the swish and splutter of hoofs
on the road before the door. The Sacra
mento coach! In an instant every man
was expectant, and Starhuck darted out-
Bide on the platform. Then there was
the usual greeting and bustle, the hur
ried ingress of thirsty passengers into the
saloon and a muse. UWfl* Jim rrrturnc-d,
trxrltt!»Uy im pantfn|f*>". "£»ok ytT,
Nns: Ef this aiiii'i thft riehert thins out!
They say there's two more rtlationa o*
9p!nd.jt-r*B on thm cuach, come down as
express freißht. ronsisrn*"!— dye hear?— •
consienvd to fiplndter!"
"Stiffs— ln coffins?" supst'sted an eager
vole??.
■ i didn't M ■ I hen»
■
At:
pr**T»«ns« p2*j-rij i tfcrotfjsh Ivy %ha
Qwb'j bars*!. *«<!* C*&riaii»Ks <1»y at
fUfetttte
■
ile." "With great care." "Collect on de
livery." Occasionally their little hands
went up automatically and touched their
labels, as If to show them. They sur
veyed, the crowd, the floor, the glided bar
and Yuba Bill without fear and without
wonder. There was a. pathetic suggestion
that they were accustomed to this ob
servation.
"Now, Bobby." said Yuba Bill, leaning
back against the bar, witn an air haif
paternal, half managerial, "tell these
gents how you came here."
"By Wellth Fargeth Expreth," lisped
Bobby.
"Whar from?"
"Wed Hill, Owegon,"
"Red Hill, Oregon. Why, It's a thou
sand miles from here," remarked a by
stander.
"I reckon," said Tuba Bill, coolly, "they
kern by stage to Portland, by steamer to
'Frisco, steamer again to Stockton and
then by stage over the whole line. Allers
by Wells, Fargo & Co.'s express, from
agent to agent, and from messenger to
messenger. Fact! They hain't bin tetched
or handled by any one but the company's
agents; they ain't had a line or direction
except them cjhecks around their necks!
And they've wanted for nothln' else.
Why, I've carried heaps of treasure u*
fore, gentlemen, and once a hundred thou
sand dollars in greenbacks, but I never
carried anythln' that "was watched and
guarded as them kids. Why, the divis
ion inspector at Stockton wanted to go
with 'em over the line; but Jim Bracy,
the messenger, said he'd call it a reflec
tion on himself and resign ef they didn't
give 'em to him with the other packages!
Ye had a pretty good time, Bobby, didn't
ye? Plenty to eat and drink, eh?"
The two children laughed a little weak
laugh, turned each other bashfully around
and then looked up shyly at Yuba Bill
and said "Yeth."
"Do you know where you're goln 1 ?"
asked Starbuck in a constrained voice.
It was the little girl who answered
quickly and eagerly:
"Yes. to Chrissmas and Sandy Claus."
"To what?" asked Starbuck.
Here the boy interposed with a supe
rior air.
"Thee meanth Couthin Dick. He'th got
Krithmath."
"Where's your mother?"
"And your father?'*
"In orthpittal."
Tin n- whs a laugh somewbef* on th«
outskirts of the crowd. Every ■on* faced
angrily in that direction, but the laugh*
t-r nad disappeared.. Yuba. Bill, however.
sent his voice after him. "Yes, In hos
rjsal! Funny, ain't It? araoosin" place!
Try iv Step over h«>re ar.d in nv* min
ute*, by the livfngr Hoky, I'll qualify you
for a<lmir?ioa arsd not charge you a cent!"
li« stopped, i?av« a sweeping gtanfft of
•)!.••• *.(t is. t»u'Sii.m around him, em] Efcrn,
leaning back against the bar, i*jrkr»&ed
to some one n<<ur the door, ar.d *ai<l m a
disgusted tone: "You t«U thos* ursluots
how It happened, Bracy. They muk« txt«
ejck!"
Thus itppcaifd to, Braey, th# rxpnws
njefwngrcr, »tepp£4 forward in Yub& Bill
plare. "It** nothing particular, #«'*.**-
ram," h« *ald, with a laugh, "only it
fcems that tome man <:&il«d Splndirr, who
lives about her#, «ent aa Imitation to tb«
fath«;r of the«« children to bring bJa fam
ily to a Christinas party. It wasn't a bad
enrt of thine for Spindler to do, <:onsl<i
*rto«j that t n^y w*re his poor relations,
thnugh thw tltdn't know him frotn .Atlani.
was It?" He paus«d. Several of th« by
fl«n(i«zs cleared their throats but said
nothing:. "At Irast." resunnHJ Wracy.
•'that'jg what th« boys up 8t I>d Mil, Or
*B«n, tbfcught, when they heard of it,
"\>*ll, as th« father wa» w ho»pttu| with
a brokrrt I?g',,«R«l tlt« motlser araly » f»»w
«-c#k« At&d. the tHJi-s tboujfht it mljyht.r
roiisjh on t he»« ptvur kids if «he,' w«<r#
«B»>rr* out «f tbelr fun b<»t-an2s« ttwy fe*<3
rvo tin« to hrinc ■ tis#rm. *Th« hays «o«3s(la't
iiff«ri;il iff fift» thpm»«ii-e». bwi tb*y g%^ «
t?» nntfitT? tos^t&tjr *nil ca* sfe# iiSe» ~r*
♦"ft*! in" ■«!» fc'jr *xji*w»«. Our ngt*z *<
?t<"S |:Sn* *,«»&!«$ tl> lb*t V.i-rv.4, ,»!».!»■•':»,
■
aru} &*»r« £"o*y *r»! "^»r.-: .\: { ", «>^ % "
/ :>: > **F?-it^--"ic" ; ' .«t<tr" He l»ugh<»J,
'■■-.*.* '■-■ . -; r ■•Ltr- '* ir >"rA him, *aid~tt»iv»
;- . ■ ■■.■ '>/ .jfr %-olc«, whlcfe, T»3W
m - ??isj>^ ■ ■'** ftuJlbl* to tb« 'Csltdrvat
"There's as much as three bags of silver |
in quarter and half dollars in my treasure |
box in the coach that has been poured, .
yes, just showered upon them ever sine* j
they started, and have been passed over
from 'agent to i agent and messenger to :
messenger— enough to pay their passage
from here to China! It's time to Bay Quit* :
now. But, bet your life, they are not go- {
ing to that Christmas party poor! . _„_ .
He caught up the boy, as Yuba Bill
lifted the little girl to his shoulder, and'
both passed , out. Then one by one th«
loungers in the barroom silently .ana
awkwardly followed, and when the : bar' J
keeper turned back from putting away hi«M
decanters and glasses, to his astonishment i
the room was empty. # "-' m ' ;.'•'■
Spindler's House, or "Spindler>
Splurge," as Rough and Heady chose ton
call it, stood above the settlement on a
deforested hillside, which, however, re- ;i
venged itself by producing not enough,;
vegetation to cover even the few stumps
that were ineradicable. A large wooden. j
structure in the pseudo-classic style ar- ■
fected by the Westerners, with an incon
gruous cupola, it was oddly enough re- •
lieved by a still more - Incongruous ver- ; <
anda extending along its four sides, up- ;
held by wooden Doric columns, which. ]
were already picturesquely ' covered wita j
flowering vines and sunloving roses. Mr, J
Bpindler had trusted the furnishing or its t
interior to the same contractor who had
upholstered the gilded barroom of the*
Eureka Saloon, and who had apparently^
bestowed the same design and material,
impartially, on each. There werw
gilded mirrors all over the house
and chilly marble-topped tables, gilt \
plaster Cupids In . the corners and ■
stuccoed lions in the way everywhere. The
tactful hands of Mrs. Price had screened^
some of these with seasonable laurels, flr j
boughs, and berries, and had imparted,,
a Might Christmas flavor to the house. j
But the greater part of her time had been,
employed in trying to subdue the eccen- j
tricities- of Spindler's amazing relations; j
in tranquillzlng Mrs. "Aunt" Martha j
Spindler— the elderly cook before alluded j
to— who was inclined to regard the glided!.:
splendors of the house as Indicative of j
dangerous immorality; in restraining •
"Couf-in" Morley Hewlett from consider
ing. tho dining-room buffet as a bar for
"intermittent refreshment"; and in keep- v j
ing the weak-minded nephew, Phinney •
Spindler, from shooting at bottles from t
the veranda, wearing his uncle's cloths, ;
or running up an account in his uncie a
mi ire for various . articles at the general
stores. Yet, the unlooked-for arrival or :
the two children had been the one great
compensation and diversion for her. She-;
wrote at once to her nieces a brief ac
count of her miraculous deliverance. "I •
think these poor children dropped from
the skies here to malic our Christina* !
party possible, to say nothing of the sym- -
pathy they have created in Rough and
Ready for Spindler. He is going to keep j
them as long as he can and is writing toy
the father. Think of the poor little total
traveling a thousand miles to 'Krissmass. ]
as they call it!— though they were bo yell*
cared for by the messengers that their
little bodies were positively stuffed like- j
quails. So you see, dear, we will be able •
to zet along without airing your famous j
idea. I'm sorry, for I know you're Just j
dying to see it all." ,-vv .;.. ;
Whatever Kate's "Idea" might have .
been, there certainly seemed now no need. ,
of any extraneous aid to Mrs. Price a j
management. Christmas night came at i
last, and the fateful dinner party. let,
in spite of the gloomy festal tears ot
-Aunt Martha," *ho was now more than ,
ever convinced that Mi Price s position.!
in the house was more ihan enutvocal, |
the weak garrulity of Phinney Spludlef.
the boisterous alcoholic sentiments or j
Morley Hewlett, or the half-frightened M
half-choked, silence of the two children.,
the dinner paused oft without serious din- ;
aster. But the ordeal of the reception
of Rough and Ready was still to come.
For Mr*. Price well knew that, although^
"the boys" were more subdued anil, In- 1
deed, inclined to sympathize with their j
host's uncouth endeavor, there was still ,
much In the aspect of Spindler's relations*
to excite their sense of the ludicrous. It]
they overlooked a kindred human weak-,
ness In the drunkard, swaying In MUfIH
tatlous dignity beside the window, they«
would be sure to resent the uncompro
mising self-righteous and lofty dissatis
fuction of the cook, rigid In her hostess ■
Bilk dress, in a gilded arm chair. She had
diplomatically put the two children In
front, but even then she could not help;
seeing that in their new adornments ot
bows and ribbons they had lost the pa- .
thetic aspect of their chains ana labels, ,
and even looked commonplace. • t
But here fortune again favored tn»
house of Bpindler with a dramatic sur
prise, even grreater than the advent of the
children had been. In the change that
had come over Rough and Ready, the ;
boys" had decided out of deference to i
the women and children to omit the first
part of their programme and had ap
proached and entered . the house aa so
berly and nuletly as ordinary guests.
But before they had shaken hands wurt
the host and hostess, and seen the rela
tions, the clatter of wheels was heard be
fore the open door, and its lights flashed
upon a carriage and pair— an actual priv
ate carriage— like of which had not
beon seen since the Governor of the State
had come down to open the new ditch.
Then there wan a pause, the flash of tr,*»
carriage lamps upon whits silk, the light
tread of a satin foot on the veranda ana
in the hall, and the entrance of a vision
of loveliness. Middle-aged men and old
dwellers of cities remembered their
youth; younger men bethought them
selves of Cinderella and the Prince! There
was a thrill and a hush as this last guest
—a beautiful girl, radiant with youth and
adornment-put a , dainty glass to her
sparkling eye and advance familiarly,
with outstretched hand, to Dick Spindler.
Mrs. Price gave a single gasp, and drew
back speechless. A ,*
"Uncle Dick," «aid a laughing contralto
voice, which indeed somewhat recalled
Mrs Price's own, In its courageous frank
ness, "I am so delighted to come— even it
a little late; and so sorry that Mr. Mc-
Kenna could not come on account of buai
"^Everybody listened eagerly, but none
more eagerly and aurprisedly than th«
host himself. "McKenna! the rich cousin.
who had never answered th« invitation
And Uncle Dick!" This. then, was his di-,,
vorced niece! Yet, even In his astonish-:
ment he remembered that of course no,
one but himself and Hrt. Price knew it—
and that lady had glanced discreetly
•Ye-*," continued '"Use half-» i«c« bright- •'
ly "I came froia Sacramento wtih «om«
friends to Skoot<wrUU?, and from thero
I drovfl here, and thwugh I must return.
to-n!irht I could not forego tho pleasure
of corning. If it w*re only for an hour or
-»■..-■.•■■• Invitation of the ■■-■■-*
I have not seen for years." She paut«d,
and, raisins htr ..-- -■.r: ■ ' a j.-.i-t.-.
!y questioning ey* toward Mr*. Price.
"On« of our rrlatlanair' «h« said, stall
lnßly to Spludler.
"*io." said Spincs!i»r. with some embar
rapsment. '*a— a friend."
Th« half niece extentJed her hand. Mr*.
Prte« toe* it. A slight cry of pain fol
lowed, howertr. hy a Uulf laugh, es
caped the bpauUful visimr'a lips. I grs«ve
to say that a lurfein^ safety pin !n Mrs.
Prit«'"« Ktove had caught her hand- Mrs.
I*r«ce •urn^S away to her other rucsts
with somewhat market! abruptness Spln
dl«r was distressed. Had she taa-^a aa
a\-frsti)n to thla beautiful creature on ac
count of bier divorce? Or— th« thought
gave a hi range thrill to him— was *ho &
little jealous? . ■. '
But the fair strang^r—wfcat «he did and
jiald w*re the only tfchusra r*m« .-ra bored In
}■■ A and Keady on that l«Kt'n- -•■ •■«
sion: m MM thousht of th« cither rela.
tions: M one recalled them nor I'" ■" #c- "
c^ntricltl**: Splndler himself wan f«rgro£
t»"n. Fa.ipse oaly rt«rt.>ltect«;l bow Bpiri«s
li-r'f lovely niece lavished hvx ami!«« arm
courtesies on every one, and broiight tj*
her fwt particuJariy the mlswjgrj-ntst Star*
buck ntiu the aarcaiitlc CoatiMa^*, tbU<,«
ou» of hia pr*vlou» »^>^eclj— !u»w «*&* rat *t
the piano S3 «ang iait*> &n mat hustf'.w
th« moat hUariooa and *xdU"J ict»» i&Mr.
mental and #v*n maudiln slSri^a-'^T-i*
fixac«-ftjl a* » rtycrtph. «tlj« tt^f *r«*! t-:^ f
in Di«:k" * TirsrJata r**tl ituff Otp «J- 5i
w »mb!; j^rvM. «»*#»f it ■ ,: ■■-■- .-»i
touch i<( fa*rr 4afa»y Si*pA* T»j -.•<*-'■.<.-■.<•?*»-•
ho*, wb*a vw* fcwM %?.* .;-■•>■ *fyfy|yßMiM
«*•?. ' I TTi»» *** •*" T •Je** C **P -Sal r
, > ■ . an«J p. -
--^  v.v. ; ■• said th« yooas lady, with
?«a\e 3 - out" repcut«4 th<s ■ws&sw, lisa- -"
t'rttwistly. ""liar* I? Of r ««tmi I' Jjave. . '
What are roo tntnklrx ntT" ■ ■
"I waa thinkSK*. Awttrf* *a!sJ th* girl,
audacl«u»l!y. **ih-at fr«m wtsit I*v» »«««■
»r<S heard fti* tou ««<t SpliwSter ta-tttjtJ»t, ■••' l '
3f I'm net {;£« h»iX-fti<'ee «©w..H'» only «,';+;.
BBfttifon r.f time.' fao n you'd fretter.woit.
Gir-rxl-ttiisrih*. «J**-f/* ,- ■ :' .'■ - ■ . -
And- reiUJ I—lt1 — It *on« 4 oat that «h« was
2526
SOCIETY.
aart-d with tliat of % Kf ha« b*-»ti flat.
*tal« awl unprintable. La»t y*ar
H,HE social *™*on or *«i as com
at tbls tim«c wu<-i«tr wa« «n>?ulf»'l j
■n a perfect mae3>cn>wi of f«*Urt- !
Ue#. IVrfmjv* It !* Ui«? cairn pr*p- I
»r»uoti before th« »torn» of c&Vfti«M with
which it «s hojxt-a the L«atrn eeasaa »l!i
tw ushered la, At uiiy r*tf list *«sa.«on
ha» been aotlrrab!} lurktn« in brUliani
IWhu>J *uoh i*» th* lJor»-l ball ;tnd the f
ilurpfn faaej? «lr. s» rs.*:m«»n. »t>i.-ti w««
rriHiwui-lftUT wenti in ih* tu.«» "f ihr
d*fe«iantft» .^ « jwu airo. So far thi* •»•■•
tin st (su.h ii.it l.^.n ;i *ln«rlt< treat
• hi<h tics i»r.«ush« f«rth th* 1 hj.fi<i«onj«-*»
K"*n« fit :htT cfao(c«»t j<'«t>i«i. with ih» f%'
crptioa of the part? Riven bj* 3h»* «*JmI«T
« il:i-. 't"U.r gUWdj .t!i<t g^-THf WnHS (.i«!I
thovgb <v'ij i!n-n 3«.;»r»t of tiw«r- »t»«* itrv •
i ..i-rv-ii !!,•* »m»ri<'«i 4r»**rd «*..im«n I
■ i ..;'i»-,.f-i ia !u»r trlnttr'* j ;
'i - ;. M^atj !•» .<••- ,« jjji «, of rut ftu«ia,»«a J j
Ahaut maay wt !'(■• in*id* a»w rautriMi.* ct] j.
8 ;■•.■; .-. — rattui mt. TMa h**^ imj { ,
i■ - r in :-..\-» ..i '-.■:.,•• tben icj>«»a v*< | 4
.■.-••.: >.r : ;•-..• .~ .; •) r^fMK.f. «l tit* Frioj]
<laj Xlj;ht Club. kSih'lj !•<*»», f*ta« » u«i, jj
V! i-. S3 was ... -I thai n «m o> t^-g
a :.<..-,- itr*«« :.!•-.: •; - " BBOft ;t-.<ti tu-M '
a uoS'-lS itjijM .»!■-■•.' In ?;»*•■■■ v •■•rtHißf*-, a»y *
•if Uw jwrtJctpaß*"' »>«ttt«^ittMg ilt*Bti**.-j/r «•*
Wtt* I ';!•!!-. s .:H..1» :. :.^ til 15V- h-*\>M »** .
Jl «*n r."i :.•!♦■ t.rhititiit .»?*.:• ; .f «*;&
■ ■ - : : it. . . jT
:.';•;•.'• : ■ ■ ■ • f - ■ '
I -. - it* .-.'■.. •: I it (I X
f.:~ -!:< # .. . •
i- »app --■ ■■ ■ jf •.. i»rw«nl «?
■ ■ t-Jfci". (hHPC
tf«< *■■ . . #^ tiriM- wtfPHT^tiitl.i."
■ ■ / l» •I!Jt>iCM»• I !Jt>iCM»
/
jT i • . ,
■ ■ - - -<i *»Kvr s)f
/7 •■■-• '1* «f* 'iV^Bi,
if • !. -i ami fn.^n» Ifcujs^-r
JT • I -M!*-. M«rt- .\i r «.,T
JV l»l*>ll «iTSJ»-. SJ,..- »;j»
Jf ■ . 4r*. «*barl«-* «.
Mr »»m«ti ««r {««Mv<t»-r
jf ■ • . .*»».» *«>■ «.r vim*
Jp ■•-,.— tn it4a<i" up in
ft ■ •*. ahJin tiw ant
*> .■■ .'tiu" i*.rttiU>ni»*r f> .•?
JB ■• - »!*■** f*et{.|fjt f b r ,|.
« aim Ut-.-r «i-ur* * Kovvn
llr*, J. .4. Filfniart* an«l Him
'--. »p*v. a t^)i«tn;ful dimwr
• • i ht»aan« cm Uuesfa *tr.-ti iflsf
- tur-hi hunoM- «f .vt^^ i\>||«
• -r»i »*.h* xh*» *i»n«>ruiU.sn« «.f trj«
■ : i «.«a v-r^ KnifM*h haUv, iK»ln
"•••.^ ..nJ nmfSit*. a on^tra
«*^»b«r); uum a«.rtrud^ «££« Aj
« r - si . flti Ml * X- «»- Rfl**r R «rr an
.* t ' » «"* " f >\a*»»lnsti.H. I» «-.
♦•,«.»♦<! »n<i Mo Uwtr FUralan !..»««
i^," »«. '; Kav '.' a « J »' 3 »^«' «' 'Mr hotn<» lii
«. In h«r.ur f Mr. and Un O.mJ, "V :
.♦win. isvltrd 1.. BM^i them «w M- arkr k |
Kwjht. X!r. and lira, C l» u»;. ■ »./ '
and Mr«. W. A. UaW Ml>*-i i!«.««i* "mT, i
B. :8. fenboni, IliNfj. AUtmtt sutii «•;'
CarJn «.r tnvitattun hav# rearh^l h*r*
K?iT n<ar AdmJn,l and Mr«. WJJiSam T
' tMr dairtUfi MtaaiUuVS,' £££££;• ','/, !
r»\! """*• i? nuai 7 «• In "the
m ; -nt of Mn..lFr.Dk it iflMwj dlu«to«
<»^ iir». V. • U;«t» l*«itit>ii. to Irf-wtiurU
Mr,. Jl,rt.nS.,b.»lH l( Uv.,««, h hr, r
\V«lts«MJay. l*.-<.ml«-r ?. ut
JW-Kwvhsi* K~nt u«it th^tr for
-«C ,vi 1 " 1 "^ I* Ml«wr ar*.! Mr,, llar-
Jf' Wwllir,) Ota-*- J;.,v,' w.,,|w .,,| .<„,! ,^,,-,5,
■ ■
■ .>k.-ii
Mrs H.nry McL«an Martin. Mrs Crit
tonurn Thornton ami Miss Thornton are
passing tb« winter with Mr* D. D. <'olto-i
at hiT hvitne ,"» ' 'oanectlcut avenue In
Washington. l>. C.
Mr. and Mrs. William S. Tevia an- »-n
t^rtalnlnir a botlM party at their country
home. Sunnybrook. • ,*
• • •
A pam. Including Professor Darld
I ' >rdaii Profc
.1. K. McDowell c R
•r W . T Reid of Belmont'
■'<■>', B.O<l -Miss 1.i.1. of San
i. > Ely. George Bowman and Ml us
H"wmnn and Mr :in<l .Mrs Butler left
■ k for a trip through Mt-x
hco. Ili.y will return the latt.-r part of
Januai
La- Vlente Whist Club was entertained
r>y Miss Man lolsom at her residence 1509
Jackson street, on Tuesday evening*.' De
i-ember 20. The Mm prize was won by
P. M. Douglas and the consolation by F
Shoeneman. , • , ■ . . '
The Wing of Miss Pauline Schoen
makers and Dr. .C. Westplial will take
place January: 12 at the residence of the
bride ¥ mother.. '
• . * • . *
...T he members of the Entre Nous Co
tlllon held another of their popular' and
successful gatherings on. Friday evenlnc
December 16, at the. Palace .Hotel. .The
nail and reception rootns were prettily
decorated In evergreens and holly. Sev
eral new. ami .Intricate figures of the co
tillon were danced under the direction .of
Pan ford G. Lewßld and Miss Beatrice
Hughes. ■ •
The-foMowinsr were In the leading sets-
Charles Kane and Miss Plaeemann.'.W."
W. TFT F " n e Jr. and Miss Ludfow, Dr. J.
W. Likens and' Mi»" Scott; Charles Rose
j
/
/
GOSSIP OF A SOCIETY BUD.
■
■
■
■
■ ■
■
■
■
l»ff and naiPM w*ro Ind»l K *d In until a
hue Hour, when snipper was jwrvftl
Anw ejUovwbi*. vu-hr P -ii r ty wua giv.
»n ut the home of i -an in u\ ICiU^M-*
gw Santa Clara uvtiui.-. Al.ntj.-ii.i. last
lu^ilay ••vinltiK. I'rlseM w.»r*» awarded
to mi*« Piorcnrfl Maaon «mi <»gd»n earl
Mlxx M. Munoll an. l Kr««d Con*'. Miss h'
Know let* and J. WaJi*T Key. Am..m:
Urns.- |.r.s,nt w,re: Ml" Isabel lilrk
m.-iJer MIKB KtliH Uiown, i »e<i«>n Karl.
K111M1.,.*K 111M1 .,.*? ltrlllt * lUMIeII . Mi- Ethel Brown'
I. Klltpi Mlxs Lurllla M unlock Ml**
'.i;i.. Reynolds. 1t..! Frank. Mlsn Edith
< lay. Minn Minion McCartney, Calvin \\
Km.. » i. - Mum Roberta Clay. Mini Mvr
il.- M.t.nit,.;. J. Walter Key, Miss l,i|
lian Know ■ Miss Martha - hacht l)r
E. Lewis Jones. Miss Gertrude Living
st.m Miss Florence Mason. Krne.«t Liv
ingston. Mi-- Klizabeth Pennoyer Miss
Charlotte Bo wen. Percy M unlock,, Miss
Helen Wlrklii. Miss Anna Kruger. Ham
ilton Murdot-k. Mlks Maud Muccoll Miss
Marlon Gerald , Christie All™, Carl Wil
»on, Miss Juanfta Shepard, Will Whlley
Ernest Bruntnch, Miss Ida PetepßQn, Fred
Cone. Miss Dora Peterson,- Harry, J.chi.s
tnore and Albert iKodptonp.- .,: •,- .<
The marrlare of-. Miss .• Mamie Lewis
daughter of Mr. and Airs. H. Lewis, will
take place next Sunday at- noon. A re
ception will be hejd in the afternoon
Miss Kdnay Armer,: ami - Hatety / Levy
.whose eujrnKement.hasibeen: announced!
will receive on Sunday,? January I. 'from
2 to 5 at 727 McAllister. street.' ' ', "
The engagement • la announced of Miss
Ada Cohn:: and; Meyer jPrl»;dman. ■; They
will be 'pleased ; to .receive their friends
Sunday, 'afternoon. -January 8, between
the hour? oi' " and 5 o'clock, at the resi
dence of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Pinto 1011
Jackson street; ...'.■ .- ".
Miss Emily, • eiayburgh of .1810 Busn
street gave a luncheon Saturday, Decem
ber 17. to thirty of her friends.
Miss Lillian- Tv Grodjlnsky : left", for 'her
home in Seattle -on Thursday.
Dr. .Luella Cool, who has been- very ill
from the Krip. is im proving slowly ■;.:■■'
Robert Bristol is visiting his parents at
798 Van Ness avenue." •■;.* ' *'-'. ; K'u'r- -' '
Miss Maude Frank has I returned home
after an extended • visit to the Eastern
and Southern States, and will resume her
day at home the first Wednesday in the
month.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Michael announce the
engagement of their daughter. Miss Rae
to Leslie E. Garren. Reception Sunday'
' » !» EC KM HER 9ft. MNi
THE SAX e.v^T/-^— !_„_. -»-in ..
January 8. from S to 5 p. m., *t 12* O Far
1^ <»<• Forest t« r*«1«*r«l ftt Ibv
California lh»t*l.
Mlm«s KthfcJ and UKinn V. Itarsbtw?
will be at hume th« flrst tfutxJay ia «twn
month.
31t** I^m* fjtnzrt ha« r*taru*d fre*n
an extended trip through t^n* K^ttUnrra
and ICnntfm State*. Sfa* ui!l r-"*»J:rie Surf
lay nt home oa the last Thursday of each
■
-
Walter For Ward.
Sketched From Life by Jorgensen.
Inspecting Railroad Watches.
GENERAL Wf.tch Inspector H. S.
Montgomery of the Santa F e has
gc.-ne to Los Angeles and will
appoint local inspectors along
the line of the Santa Fe from
Albuquerque to the coast.
Mr. Montgomery is now general in
spector of the Santa Fe from Chicago
to Lws Angeles and from Superior to
Galveston, covering more territory than
any other watch and clock inspector in
the United States. No other road can
boast of the thoroughness of the watch
inspecting department as can the Santa
Fe.
Not a watch is carried by any em
ploye having anything to do with the
running of trains that 'has not first
passed an inspection so thorough that a
variation in time by a watch going
through such an inspection cannot be
over five seconds in twenty-four hours
thus reducing the liability of accidents
from wrong time to a minimum.
The cause that led up to such a thor-
E%r II 1 -**"** M«Kwit di%'t«k*ft. ***us»«} toy tto*
RwTfitvai tra.j» Th^» Matron ia *s?
SINGULAR LIFE OF
FORWARD THE HERMIT.
So^O to Postti^o end Fortur,. RmMuteb Set E*e ? y Opportu 0
A»id« end Contested Himself * "; o Merd.ir's Life.
I
■
■
■
That
■
era] «>f th<? army at the invstnt time, is j
without prradventure.
The peculiar bent of mind which
prokbptei] him to break through the
harriers of West Point society, wh^re
h« iroQld bare Kraduat«-d with hunurs
v. ithin two weeks; to cast hl« lot in the
nlkls of a new country oertalnlj* marks
him ax the moat eccentric man m th»
Disnined by position and intellect to
In- a leader among men, he refused the
jfavorsof the great in political life for
I the pastoral pleasures of sheep ranch
ing in a Western wilderness. He left
the academy and one of the most prom
i ising careers that is given to the ordi
j nary mortal, while his classmates, with
j whom he formed sincere and earnest
friendships carved their names in the
heroic annals of their country. They
! were Generals Sheridan, Crook, Kautz,
| McPherson and Alex McCook. His
! friendship with General Sheridan was
deep and lasting, and seemed to be the
only tie that he did not sever at the
military school. The last letter that
General Sheridan dictated from his dy
ing bed was written to his eccentric
friend, Forward.
He preferred the solitude of the hills
to the conventional customs of military
life, and his devious gropings form one
of the quaintest chapters in the histoi'y
of the California pioneer. His nature
did not crave earthly greatness, and
when learning and diffidence are com- |
bined the world neglects the one and i
cares not a fig for the other.
The first and perhaps most Imprudent
step in Mr. Forward's career he" owes
to the good but unwise wishes of his
TN K¥*t«fa ***• #«♦•■ tnitli Mr.
,«« Üb«s U?i«». Th* tijaw ltd! m- *>H lw| tttMi
Htm* «*r»frt.i» ate sw/i? flajljr.ut irt'a.
■
■
i «S»»Jy wlih Hi >* Wtinhsnß'«»n, I). «.'.,
I"ir4,ti«»} fttatiNi Navitl I'IMH-rvsifury, |c»
I
■
•■■;,.'..!«',■; «■(.«■•!{« anl •ti«tl<)nn,{ •■' it I!
(Me^vftimnmth earb uatrh mu«t Iw ln>
»j»w'n) s. v! thf* «wn»<r mn*i obtain it
*"nt*A fnm- lh# ixntpeijVlir »hnwsnir tftftt
thw wst** ntn.
• « -
-
i^*i(M»* JklxM. t Stu wi«r«l»t »»> *.».>• y»>», with a
jnt#»3 Ba&m>.T. Itefufv fat* birsh vh* had
: =f-Mis?:s«'»3 •■■ i>hutiM ; -i»r I*' a b«»y) thai he
f *** m» p+ti minister »t Xh* fftxpel: but
j fcri***.* Ist* fcjriJt» ft,!* <ii>cree<! it oiher
|.«**, i%«^;l«! authority prevailed at
|*wKi *,*,•«« Ist? w*** »cut at .in early aßt*
*BW «, r:r :* -?^ i --i u» « theological seminary.
t&* »W* «8 fJI ißtnt study fostered
*s»r<M^y S.«»-*»i 4.f faith, ami his logic
*«#* rrtn'l j|«rt ii«yma to tatters. With.
(a t*-** ra.nth!* ot graduation he left
it*- rtltßiruM c..U(K« a full- fledged In
fltfcl \;i*t>fiil uf i.n r lamed minister.
jAt ih\r ilw ltt» • ime the protege of
-: iti*J«!e EUaelcJ whu nerured an appoint
} Kirnt fi«r Sim at West Point. lie en-
I Urwl wp<jn his !»•■■« Ftudles at the mill
j tary armlr !i\ with hIH usual ardor of
ns'W undertakings, His rare endow
{mtttU and depth of Judgment rendered
Dim a marked character among his
sithoolmatrK and uttracted great atten
tfoo fiotn the toichers.
He dl9t!tyrulsh<d Mmself by close ap
plication tt> his studies. He stood at
the- h«-ad of his .lass, and was pro
wunred by the Instructors a man of
prixUKioufl int. II. -.I and versatile
genius. !!*?. wan a Beau Brummel in
ma Hers af dress and manner, and a
great ■actrty favorite. Within two
j weeks t,t tuatlun, however, with his
l uywa! jwrveislty, he discovered how to
tally unpuited i;o him was a military
| Utf ars-i left the academy for an erratic
j t..ur thr u«ri tile South, left this field
ruf Kr*»at < ipjrtrt unities, much to the dls
guHt of hl» relatives, and was absent
one year wlihout apprising them of his
w h^reabuut*.
He rt'turw d from this hotbed of De
mocracy a ■v.iiiiK Republican, began
the study of l«.w and was admitted to
the bar; but. like his illustrious cousin,
Wanhtafrton Irving, he never practiced.
Jud«e Black offered him a partner
ship in his la<v ofllce. an opportunity
which no lawyer In the Union would
have • irnetl, unless he had given up
i ambition; but. this erratic man did It
j and. pursued his way across the conti-
I nent to the wilds of Oregon as far from
I civilization as he could very well go.
;. No amount of persuasion would Induce
j him to return and take up the life that
he was fitted both by birth and educa
tion to fill. So after a time his rela
tives saw the futility of their efforts
and let him alone.
During his sojourn in Salem, Or., a
j very amusing story is related of his na
: tive modesty. He always courted ob
scurity, and the society of the unedu
i cated engrossed his attention. One day
being rather hungry and without
means, he sat down on the doorsteps of
a surveyor's office, looking the very
picture of "Dusty Roads." He over
heard the surveyor and his clerk dis
! cussing some mathematical problem
which they could not solve, and in a
modest way he offered to make it clear
to them. The surveyor sized him up,
I laughed at 1 is youth and apparent In
experience,- but listened to his explana
tion with amazement, and finally asked
him home to dinner.
The surveyor had a young: and beau
tiful daughter. The West Point cadet
! !>r»***iuw>t] that di*tidftttieh#di chiraJry \
\ *>t tb» Kouth, Th«»y h?'r«rn*» f'n^RK* 1 *!- f
Tl»* fatlH'i w lwhfd to unit* yfnms l«Jsa« t
witti "4»M tfafjo," a rtd irave him a part- ]
I u«*r«hl|i in lil?» fftnvt. One day In a r*l!- .{
|| K»«w* dlwufsltm In tli«»  r >* i
«H«n« rrnrfj<erit«tlv»> rttlifn* the old ',
U'ltHtrniHii not th» worst o* <h«» ttieti*i
irH'tit wllh liltii Biifl berailie' so frtfiiKc** '
I tllftt »!•• ill"". It ( partnership then and \
11... I. •, moreover, rerused 'him his
duufihtpr'ft hand, !
Vouiik ForwHni ma not pp» 'nlsj
«w«>«»ihi'Hrt for over] « week, and hnd |
11»..1|| ■ oil.!. |.|i i| thsit t«hp wished to I
Abide by her fulher'M dtHialon, wh«n he
jm i !<i.-niuii\ learn* thai «hr» wos bfinß
i kept a i" launei In a second story room
iof their hoiw. Thin roused the young
I blood of this "bold Urn him * and
while the moon v.as ll»'^^. and the night
: huh olil, he made Ills way to hl» Inily'fi
iii mi" i armed with a Ntepladder.
'TwaK|the old, old »tor>-. "With i I»<1 j
and Inuilt'r she managed to I'l'tM-pV' Hhe
mounted the horse behind her betrothed
and away they went. The clatter of
hoofs hud scarcely died- 'away before
1 the angry father discovered the elope
merit and. wild with race, gave chase.
Hut youth and love were In.' the- race,'
and of course they won., They were
married th« next day and parental for
giveness und blessings followed v week |
luter.
At this time he wrote bo Washington
for the appointment of Surveyor Gen
eralship of the Territory. The appoint
ment had already been made before bis
letter readied I he Capitol, so the] want
him the liarshalshlp of the Territory
Instead. Here again Mr. Forward
showed his singular propensity, by de
clining (■ qualify fur the office Ho
sent the appointment back In defiance,
much to the displeasure ,-f his family,
who 2iad no rvUj?b for carrying "•hims
to such .i height.- i
He packed up at once and started
with his family for California to seek
seclusion on a sheep ranch, himself at
rest in obscurity, while his family were
allowed, when he neglected it, to keep
the goats from toppling off the rugged
slopes surrounding his domain. He ar- j
IN THE COLUSA CITRUS BELT.
IS there a citrus belt, or, as some
contend, only cftrus spots? Js there
a happy altitude in California just
above the frosts of the valley and
just below the frosts of the moun-
tains?
But, be that as, it may, there is one
spot at least near the divide between
the waters flowing west into Bear
Creek and those flowing east toward
the great plains of Colusa County from
which some good weather St. Patrick
has banished both frosts of the lower
and the higher altitudes. Here, hang
ing, as it were, -beside the higher moun
tain, just below the summit of the di
vide, is a garden spot, a plateau of
wondrous beauty and fertility, resting
as a shelf high in air, covered with
everlasting verdure— an ideal spot in an
ideal land; a spot where the tenderest
flowers and fruits grow blooming and
bearing from season to season continu
ously. Hidden from view by forests
and mountain curves, the fame of the
place has nevertheless reached the val
ley below.
All was dry upon the burning plains
as a buggy in which were seated two
women, chatting, as women will, began
the ascent along the borders of Cortina
Creek. The rocks gave out the heat as
a furnace and the wheels grated harsh
ly over them, but the air grew fresher
as they gained altitude and soon the
cyclomen, wild onions and poppies be
gan to appear. A tiny silver stream,
hitherto Duried in the sand, now thread
ed the creek bottom. Curving around
for miles through valleys dotted with
small farms, the height was almost in
view when suddenly a small woodland
schoolhouse lay almost across the path
way, and the horse seeming to think
this the end of the journey, stopped at
the door. A lady teacher came forth,
followed by a little band of children.
It was an ideal seene — a strange, wild
place, a little schoolhouse, in a grove,
the teacher and her pupils around her,
all wondering why two ladies in a
buggy should be passing that way. She
came kindly forward and gave direc
tions as to the best way to reach the
famed orchard on the mountain shelf.
A canyon had to be crossed and the
travelers were advised to hitch their
horses and try to make the remaining
distance on foot. The descent into th«j
canyon was made by holding on to the
brush and swinging through gaps in
the chaparral. At the bottom was a
bright mountain brooklet, spanned by a
log. over which the travelers walked
with much difficulty and fear. Then
commenced the ascent, and again the
friendly brush lent them aid. The
visitors emerged from the chaparral
beside a barbed wire fence which sur
rounded a peach orchard through whlcn
trickled many little streams of water
leading off in all directions. The rich
garden of flowers also in view was most
pleasing to the eye, and crawling be
neath the lower wire, the visitors found
Jlouse of the Hermit ir\ the Sierra Foothills,
Sketched by Jorgensea
i rlv«d here at th« time when the very
i fnirrffi land In the Htate cr»VM be had
by rjxinuru: It; but he pa-js^d right
i through the fertile valleys and climbed
1b» barret* heights ut Tehama County,
■where !»«• tooh up n c'alrn, buiSt a rude
rabln nii'J riniwd potatoes and sheep on
hia tjeriwridicglar farm. .
In » little white the *he«-p learned to
tnirslitj ff»«*sf own inclination, unnrn
frgtrd by the ihepherd It vraai the rep«
titlon of th" old story of "Pegasus
the pl«.w." Neglectful of his own inter
ests, he was either nchemelng for the
Well&tt of the. Btute or reading some
tfflientlnV book, while his Hock strayed
Jntei i/prllmiH caverns and his oows into
the cornfield. Like "Colonel Sellers,"
h»» wiift holly unaffected by the caprice
»if fortune. sii*'<-|i might dip, stock
mtrny iiviiy or untllled ground become
barrt'iJ, the world in which he lived was
ttiwuyM productive.
Bomptimps hen thes« disasters Pol
inivcfl fneit ltt» preferred to court solitude
wltliotit the prftvsnce of his family. Up
on one of th''-i«- occasions he visited
AHxcma while General rook, who was
hia ' room-mute ut West Point, whs In
command of the troops at that place.
Air. Forward whs making his home at
a logKlng camp twenty miles distant,
and iiHHiuin as th«* general heard of hia
betng In the vicinity he sent a special
courier wjth a menage besrsring him to
COtna to the camp and have a good old
talk, over We*; Point days.
His reply; though courteous, moat
nfeve been a nurprlße{to his old friend,
for he said, "Our 'live* have • differed
so wid^lj 1 " since last we met. Our vaca
tions and our Interests are centered
upon different lines. I am training
burros and you are training men. I
fear that our visit, though in many re
spelts enjoy»fe!j>, v»c>ld be- fi-righiti
with |».int'-,,i memories to both,"
This unconflnable spirit "of him that
would, not be bound by the safeguard*
of discretion gives -to nature" a mind
honest in its conx'lctions to the sacri
lice of prosperity ami to the world an
exemplar "that true genius. waa never
meant for this world— to exist, it must
create another." S*B
themselves In a pathway that led tb
a most unique and ideal residence. It
had two front rooms and an ell; had an
old-fashioned chimney of stone at one
end and a porch at the other. The
porch was literally covered with smilax
and extended into a garden of tender
est flowers, such as rare geraniums and
lilies, which had lived through season
, after season for years. A vegetable
garden watered by a ditch from a pipe
which connected with a mountain
reservoir, contained tomato vines and
pepper bushes that were several years
old. The sun shone brightly, the birds
sang sweetly, the water trickled and
gurgled through orchard and garden,
ripe oranges and lemons hung on trees
that were laden with white fragrant
flowers, green and ripening fruit, and
there was no wonder that a man and
a woman should be content to cut
themselves off from the active, bustling
world and dwell in such a place.
A dog came bounding out to meet the
visitors with a bark and a friendly
growl, and then came forth the mistress
of the lodge with a cordial greeting and
led to her hospitable home the strang
ers destined to be strangers no more.
Henry Jones, husband, was then intro
duced and another cordial welcome fol
lowed. Fruits of every variety and It
seemed of almost every clime and flow
ers of delicate variety and hue were the
offerings of friendship.
These two in this modern Paradise
were a veritable Adam and Eve — alone
in their happiness in a place seldom
reached by strangers. An angel might
be pardoned did he envy them. They
seemed so suited to their surroundings
— hermits In a hermit home. They sat
by their own fireside — beneath their
own vine and flg tree, two quaint little
people— the man and the woman, all
the world to each other, loved by the
dog, the cat, the cows, the horses they
tended so well, and by the wild birds
thai; chirped in the trees around them.
They had come from Georgia eleven
years before in search of health and
that happiness which health alone can
give and had found this favored spot
and had made it their dwelling place.
A good library and the current litera
ture of the day furnished them with
reading. They were conversant with
the doings of the outer world though
not mingling with it. Well-informed in
literature, wise in the knowledge of
peoples and countries, they are most
interesting companions. Living in per
petual spring— knowing nothing .of
drought and failure, they keep the even
tenor of their way amid a Shenstone
shrubbery and an orchard that is never
without fruit.
As the buggy wound down the moun
tain the travelers felt that the day had
been a pleasant and a profitable one,
and that they had a much greater
knowledge of the wondrous worth of
Colusa's mountain border.
BEDINGER MORGAN.
There Is a rotary in the British Museum
made of the vertebrae of a snake's back
bone. Another is composed of rats' teeth.JUST before the holidays Dame
Fashion prows lavish. She dis
plays gowns with a reckless hand.
Church, calling, reception, dinner
and ball gowns are shown with an
►ntire disregard of the aching voids that
their purchase will create in the pocket
book.
Capes, wraps, jackets, opera cloaks, coi-
Hrettes and boas in bewitching array are
ikewise placed where they will best at
tract the feminine eye.
For during the holidays a woman's
wardrobe has unusual demands made
upon it. The wear and tear of the Christ
mas shopping practically ruins her shop
ping gown. Then there mnst be a dainty
v\v C'Wn for church and a fresh-looking
railing gown. A pretty dinner gown is
mother requisite for the holiday ward
■•<}>». and add to that a wrap and the list
1 fairly complete.
If my lady has not gowns that meet her
ipproval and she looks them over with
in unusually critical eye she manages to
plan new ones despite the hurry-flurry of
Mher holiday duties.
An opera cloak for the holiday cotillon,
:o be worn by one of the new debutantes,
* a striking new innovation in that style
:>f garment. The new circular flounce ef-
B used. In fact, it is cut like the
latest golf cape, but, of course, touches
!he floor. "Ft is of a shell pink and the
Mderdown has the effect of crape. Soft
swansdown outlines the entire garment.
A handsome imported cape to be worn
it the opera by a local grand dame was
ilso seen. The material was brocaded
white satin, appllqued yellow satin re
cera outlining the yoke and ending in tabs
'.hat reached to the bottom of the cape
n front. The sleeves were of the yellow
fatir. and exactly the shape of those In
Japanese klmona. They are very much
•h'irtpr. reaching just to the elbow. The
zape ties in at the waist and Is lined
throughout In pink satin. The collar is of
black ostrich tip?.
A dinner gown designed for one of our
beautiful brunettes is of lemon colored
latin cut in princesse style. The bodice
Is arranged with a vest of softly gathered
rhiffon of the same hue. having on either
Fide encircling Vandykes and Louis XV
t..r*vs of blai-k velvet ribbon. The front
panel of the skirt is of chiffon, from
which extends festoons and bows of black
relvet ribbon around the entire train. The
FleeveH of lemon colored chiffon were
caught at intervals by rosettes of black
velvet, in the center of each one of which
Bathes a Jewel.
Another charming gown is of pale pink
tdorned with trails of graceful iris blos
ftoms, hand-painted in delicate tones of
yellow, mauve and purple, some of the
petals outlined with glittering threads of
Cold.
A very handsome gown is of blue, dec
orated with sprays of leaves patterned in
Dlack liSße and cobwebby lace on a back
ground of white satin, vfhile ribbonlike
trails and great true lovers' knots
wrought in thickly massed jet paillettes
shone out from all this delicate softness.
Dn the bodice the little leaves clustered
Ftill more closely and a central true lov
ers' knot was filled in with a shimmering
embroidery of pearls.
A handsome jacket bodice of black vel
vet to be worn at church is very strik
ing. The front opens over a vest of cream
colored brocade, spangled with gilt, and
this vest is fastened down the center with
BmaJl. fancy buttons. The fitted back is
rut postillion shape, and the short fronts
are sharply pointed. The fronts turn
back toward the top in large revers,
which are faced with cream satin, the
high collar being faced with the same
meterial.
A calling gown has been especially de
plgnp<i to show off to advantage the
Monde beauty of the wearer. She is go-
Ing to appear in it for the first time on
Christmas morning in church, and it is
safe to predict many eyes will wander in
her direction. The material is apple
rreen chenille and steel beads. The coat
[g of green velvet made tight fitting and
laps over to the left with four large fancy
buttons. The coat rounds away from the
front to almost the hem of the skirt at
the back. A band of the steel and black
rhenille borders thf> entire coat.
A particularly pretty tea gown has just
been sent homo by a local modiste. It is
of pale blue cashmere, with applique
i.HiTJs of ivory lace outlined with gath
erings of black satin baby ribbon across
the bloused front. Below this falls long
na«b ends and loops of soft pale blue silk,
reaching to the bottom of the skirt. The
back of thin exquisite gown is cut in prin
snape, and is perfectly plain from
neck to hem. The long, close-fitting
Bleevea finished at the hand by applique
iands of Ivory lace outlined by gather-
Of black baby ribbon. At th«- shoul
■ ere is a fall of lace, looped up by a
. w Of black velvet. The high collar of
flack velvet had its height increased by
louble fulls of Ivory lace wired, which
makes a becoming setting for the fair
. within.
Since the wiseacres are all praying for
rain and the weather seems to be inclin
ing a favorable ear to the pleadings it
might be well to mention , umbrellas.
Stout, round wooden bars, covered with
lea-lioa skin made fast with gold-headed
■ alia arc the most novel umbrella han
dles in the market. A pure slate blue is
the color of the sea-lion's skin. Like alli
gator skin It improves in tone by use.
Beautiful enamel, jade. leather, gold, ivo
rj and gun mftal handles can be had. The
newest umbrellas are made so that uny
one of a number of handles oaja be uarvw*
Ed on to it. With really only one silk rain
protector one can seem to have several
by the use of these adjustable tops. There
arc inexpensive ones as well as those that
tost the purse of Fortunas.
BACK COMES
THE BOLERO.
ST is the unexpected that's sure to
happen. Now, just when we are In
the midst of basques which extend be
low the waist in all condition of cuta
way and peplum effects— full, scant, long
or short— here comes a last importation,
showing the jaunty bolero again. Not
the simple little trifle which delighted the
ordinary modiste or the ambitious wo
man who makes her own dresses; oh, no;
but the very perfection of exquisite work
manship, tailor fit and fetching pmart-
Dess. The new boleros won't claim the
most distant kinship with the simple
models of previous seasons. These are
decidedly the aristocrats of the mode, and
while not much in the way of size will
command quite a respectable tailor's bill
for all that. The long coat, however Eng
lish and regal looking, is not so generally
becoming as might ac supposed, and the
woman wno stopped growing upward too
soon in her taste to grow; broader, finds
the effect, as she peeps into show win
dows at her reflection, is not as pleasing
as it might be when compared with her
taller sisters; so, while the bolero is an
insignificant thing to talk about, it some
how gives her her full stature, and pre
tends a little more, besides being so smart
and quaint for fashionable indoor func
tions, where, somehow, the long coat
looks a little too much like the prome
nade; and, still further, the bolero is ac
commodating and never demands a long
wrap, so it returns from its threatened
exile from fashion's favor in full, tri
umphant glory.
CARE OF
THE SHOES.
NOW. in "the winter of our discon
tent" we find nothing more an
noying than the way in which
our shoes refuse to be kept nice
and in good order. It is not a difficult
task if one gives them just a little daily
care. When you remove heavy street
boots don't toss them away in the closet
all rumpled. Take time to stretch the up
pers a trifle to straighten' out the lacing
wrinkles. Do the same with the tongue.
Brush off the dust, and if they are damp
put them where a current of air can thor
oughly dry them. Banana skins make an
excellent dressing and keep the leather
soft. They are especially nice for clean-
Ing enameled or patent leather. If your
feet perspire freely use a good antiseptic
powdr-r freely dusted in the shoes; it will
rest the feet and save the stocking. The
grime and dust in the shoestring are very
hard on the hands, as the dirt is ground
Into the flesh where the strings are drawn
up tightly. Dor.'t be stingy with shoe
strings. Your dealer will furnish them
free of charge, so change them often.
Besides being clean, they add greatly to
the appearance of the shoe.
PRILLS
OF PASHION.
The feminine waist looks larger, but It
really is no larger than it was a year ago,
the same style corsets being worn, and,
Indeed, waists are compressed a bit more
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1898.
this year than they were last, tight
bodices being more in v ~ue. It is all due
to the sleeves. The big sleeves made
waists look smaller by giving width to the
shoulders. Evening gowns, many of them,
are without a sign of sleeve. The fancy
silk bodices have sleeves fitted close and
flat at the tops. They may be tucked in
little flat groups, but there are few even
of the wrinkled ones shown. The fashion
able sleeve, beyond a doubt, is the tight,
flat one.
• •
The fad for green stones is growing.
First, of course, comes the emerald— as
valuable as the diamond and often more
so. A flawless emerald is rarely found,
and is very costly. The rich, deep color,
so beautiful In itself, however, is not as
becoming as that of stones cf lesser
value. The chrysoprase, for instance,
which is a lovely apple gTeen, or the
peridot, sometimes called the evening
emerald. This last is a transparent leaf
green. The latest idea is to set this stone
in green enamel and surround the whole
with pearls or diamonds. The olivine and
rhrypolite and varieties of the peridot.
The aquamarine, a pale seagreen semi
precious stone, is also coming into favor.
These are mounted in gold alone or with
pearls. A lovely opal brooch I saw the
other day was surrounded by diamonds
and olivines. the yellowish green of the
latter enhancing the exquisite tints of the
opal.
Then there are odd charms for the
watchchalns of olivines combined with
diamonds in the form of tortoises, frogs
and scorpions. In the new jf-wolry stick
pins are prominent, favorite designs being
a small wreath of leaves, a large single
leaf, coach horn, mercury wings, flag, a
leafy branch, various animals, different
flowers and semi-precious stones set with
pearls or diamonds, as a turquoise or a
moonstone.
LOST ON A
SHOPPING TOUR
1 1 /"> AY, old man, I made the most ab-
surd mistake yesterday. A police
.j patrol wagon passed me, and I
could have sworn I caught a
glimpse of you in it."
"What time was it?"
• "About 6 in the afternoon; perhaps a
little later."
"Well, it wasn't a mistake. It was I."
"What! You arrested! What for?"
"To save my life."
"Why, how?"
"Well, the trouble began when my wife
That Tired and Worried Feeling
Beauty TalKs by Mn)e. Hygeia.
This department is for the benefit of all those who are interested in the science of cosmetics and the hy
giene of proper living. If any one desires information on either of these subjects their questions will be cheer
fully answered in these columns. Write as often as you like, ask as many questions as you please and sign
any name that you choose. Address all communications to Mme. Hygeia, The Sunday Call, San Francisco.
THAT there are among the many
readers of these Beauty Talks a
vast number of brave little bread
winning girls and women I feel
more than certain. Many of them,
no doubt, were never intended for
work of any sort: indeed, I am pres
sure that in the great and wonderful be
ginning of things it was never meant that
women should work.
I am very firmly convinced in my own
mind that in the original mapping out of
things it was Intended that women should
be a soft, pretty thing of whims and ca
prices—a thing to be petted and humored
and taken care of. But, alas! the scheme
of the universe went awry, and in the
general confusion and chaos woman was
pushed out into the world to put her
shoulder to the wheel and to assist in the
common struggle for existence.
That this is true is proven by the num
ber of weary, patient, brave little faces
one sees at 6 o'clock upon the crowded
streets or in the street cars, all hurry
ing home after a long day's work in office
or factory. , .
Woman is not given to the solving o.
problems; tile "whys" and "wherefores"
enter not into her logic, and so, when the
day has been particularly long and hard,
when she has come home with a sharp
little pain in her head and a dull ache at
the back of her neck she feels positive
that the only answer to the question as
to whether life is worth living is a large
round "No."
When she has reached this stage tnere
is just one thing for her to do. First,
she must get out of her tight clothes.
Then she must bathe her face and neck
for live minutes 4n tepid water. After that
she must take out the forty odd
hairpins that are torturing her throbbing
head let her hair tumble over her shoul
ders,' and then lie down flat upon her
this point she must not pick up and
begin to read a cheerful or pious book nor
any other kind of book, but just relax
every muscle in her body and give her
self up to the single thought of how
heavy she is and how the couch supports
If she does not drop to sleep, as she
probably will, she should rise at the end
of half an hour. She will scarcely know
herself for the same weary pilgrim that
staggered into the house a snort time
before. She will feel several years
younger; there will be no pain anywhere,
and life will seem altogether more ro
seate and very much worth living.
Some Sunday, soon. I'm going to give
a special beauty talk to these heroic
working girls and give them a few hints
as to how they may enjoy some of the
luxuries of the toilet without going to any
great expense. I have made my talk short
to-day so as to try and get caught up in
a measure with the corresponaence.
Answers to Correspondents.
BLUEBELLi — The dark lines under the
eyes and the fading of the roses from
your cheeks indicate some physical dis
order. Try and discover what it is and
remedy it. Witchhazel is the only thing
I know of that may help the dark circles,
asked me. just as I started downtown
after breakfast, to drop into Wholeblock's
department store and get her a spool of
thread. So as to be sure I didn't forget
it, I went there before going to the office,
and after some little trouble I found the
right counter and bought the thread all
right. Then I started out, at peace with
the world; but when I got to where the
door ought to have been it wasn't there.
I smiled a little at getting twisted like
that, and started back to the other end
of the store; but the door wasn't there,
either.
"Well, sir, I roamed around for a
couple of hours, laughing at myself all
the time for being fool enough to get
10-ft in a store, looking for that elusive
exit, and never getting an inch nearer
to it. apparently. Then I quit laughing
and settled down to a systematic search
for the way out. After another hour of
fruitless effort I found myself just as
far from my object as ever, and maybe
got a little" rattled and excited; at any
rate, I remember darting up one aisle
and rushing down another, pushing my
way desperately through throngs of
women and rioting around counter after
counter, until I was completely tired out,
but never catching even a glimpse of the
door.
"Then at last the awful seriousness of
my position burst upon me. There I was,
actually. I feared irrevocably, lost in a
trackless, illimitable waste of dress goods.
At the least it might be days before I
could work my way out. I tried to think
what it was best to do. But the horror of
my situation seemed to benumb my brain.
"Next I have a confused recollection of
plunging here., there, everywhere, in fran
tic efforts to escape. J have a dim idea
that in my despair I even offered the ele
vator boy fabulous sums to cut the ele
vator loose and shoot me out through the
roof. All the rest is a hideous phantas
magoria of reeling counters, wheeling
floors, whirling crowds of women, seem
ingly dancing diabolical jigs at the sight
of my misery, until late in the afternoon.
1 staggered, panting, starving, desperate,
up against one of the counters in that
vast, impenetrable jungle.
"The very violence of my exertions had
by this time worn out the crazy rioting
of my fears and to some extent cleared
my brain, and as my bloodshot eyes fell
upon the gloves scattered over the counter
upon which I supported myself I had an
inspiration— a heaven-sent plan of escape
suggested itself.
"With elaborate cunning, calculated to
attract attention. I slipped a pair of the
gloves into my pocket and pretended to
make off. For one dreadful moment my
heart stopped beating, a? no one seemed
to notice my theft; but the next instant
a hand was clapped heavily upon my
shoulder and. eureka! I was led to the
but as long as there is a cause for them
they are pretty sure to remain. A nightly
scrubbing with a camel's hair face brush
and pure caatile soap is the best treat
ment for large pores. When they have
been emptied of their secretions use the
following lotion: Precipitated sulphur, 1
dram; ether, 4 drams: alcohol, 3'i ounces.
Rub into the skin at night just before go
ing to bed and be sure and shake well
before using.
KATIE I>.— l do not think there is any
danger of the hairs on the face growing
any coarser or more numerous from the
use of the pumice stone. Of course the
hairs will continue to grow, and the
pumice stone will have to be used con
stantly. If the hairs are dark 1 would
advise applications of peroxide of hydro
gen, with a little ammonia added. The
peroxide will bleach them so that they
will be scarcely noticeable, and the am
monia will gradually deaden them. The
orange flower skin food is as excellent as
anything ever invented for the removal
of wrinkles, but of course if the lines
come from frowning it will be impossible
to get rid or them until you break your
self of that ugly little habit.
DOT— No, there is absolutely nothing,
so far as I know, that will prevent the
growth of down that you speak of. The
following astringent lotion is better than
lemon juice for coarse pores: Take a
half pint bottle and place in it three ta
blespoonfuls of fresh, uncooked cucumber
juice. Half fill the bottle with elder
flower water and then add two table
spoonfuls of eau de coiogne. Shake well
and add very slowly half an ounce of
simple tincture of benzoin, shaking the
mixture now and then. Kill the bottle
with elder flower water. Be sure that
there are no settlings in the benzoin, else
it will be apt to curdle the lotion.
BIRDIE DO— What you need is a gen
eral building up of flesh. That is the best
way to round out the hollows in the neck
and raise the sunken cheeks. To do this
first of all, you must stop worrying. Do
not fuss or fret over anything. Then eat
all the starchy, fattening foods, such as
rice, butter, cereals, eggs, milk and game.
Hot chocolate and preserved figs are both
splendid fatteners. Get all the sleep you
can. take tepid baths and exercise mod
erately. Tapioca. vermicellis, custard
pudding, macaroni and cheese can be in
dulged in. but pickles and all foods con
taJning acid must be avoided. Rubbing
the chest with cocoanut oil will help, and
the breathing exercises pi yon in the
Beauty Talk of November V.i wili be of
inestimable benefit. Treatment of pim
ples was thoroughly gone over in last
Sunday's paper in reply to O. L. B. Did
you not see it?
SNOWBALL— If your hair shows an in
clination to grow in darker I really do
not sfe how you can prevent it. Shampoo-
Ing ihe hair frequently will keep it from
getting oily, and will thus give it a
lighter, more fluffy appearance. For the
falling hair there is nothing better than
this tonic: Four ounces cologne; one
half ounce tin< ture of cantharides and
one-fourth dram each of oil of laven
der and oil of rosemary. Apply to the
roots once or twice a day, using a small
sponge for the p nose. By the way. wnat
color is your hair? If it is light the lem
on hair wash will bring out the golden
tints. Here is tne formula: One ounce
saJts of tartar; one quart of water and
' J|iJ^EE STUNN IJMQ .. E VEN IJhiQ Wjy\)>S.
Inauguration Gown
Of Mrs. Governor Gage
THERE are some exquisite gowns laid away in dainty tissue cover
ings that will have to waste their sweetness on the desert air until
the inauguration festivities at Sacramento. The most beautiful of
II them all is designed for Mrs. Gage, wife of the Governor-elect.
Dame Fashion and Dame Rumor in a happy combination have
whispered royal edicts to the effect that nothing so beautiful has ever been
seen at an inauguration ball.
The gown was made and designed by a leading Los Angeles modiste.
Mrs. Gage resolutely stifled the tiny feminine longing for something direct
from Paris. She turned a deaf ear to New York, and even refused to con
sider San Francisco. Mrs. Gage believes in patronizing home industry, so
to a Los Angeles modiste was intrusted the making of the ball gown.
Th« modiste has appreciated the honor and has planned an artistic crea
tion that would put to blush gowns that bear the magic tag of foreign im
portation. With a staff of helpers she has worked out the simple but
graceful design, and the effect is an artistic, harmonious one.
The foundation of the gown is white taffeta. The material is of heavy
white and silver-brocaded satin.
The silver is interwoven in a delicate design that gives a soft, elusive
shimmering effect to the gown. .
The skirt is cut en train and hangs in long, unbroken, sweeping lines.
Dainty dust ruffles of lace are placed for protection, but really serve as an
ornamentation.
The corsage is cut decollete and is trimmed in rare real lace. The deh
rate ivory tint of the lace, sweet with the fragrance of roses and of yester
years adds to the charm. For the lace is a family helrluom It falls in
cloudiike masses about the shoulders and is draped in cascade effect down
the front of the corsage. '
The exquisite coloring of this gown will emphasize the beauty of a bru
nette tnd Mrs. Gage is certainly a charming example of this type. She will
recall the senoritas who graced the balls when Monterey was the capital.
0000000000000000000000000000000000
door and given in charge to a policeman
as a shoplifter. I could have hugged the
store detective as I once more felt the
glorious free air of heaven upon my fe
vered fuce." „,,
"But how did you fix the matter up;
"Oh, easily enough. The Judge hap
pened to be a married man himself, so
when I explained and offered to either
return or pay for the gloves*-which, by
the way, wore a pair of coalheaver's
mitts— be discharged me at once, ruling
thut mine was a justifiable expedient,
since 'necessity knows no law.' "—Harp
er's Bazar.
■» ♦ ■
Providence tempers the wind to the
shorn 1 ib." That is why Christmas
comes but once a year.
the juice of three lemons. Use as a sham
poo and then rinse thoroughly.
FERIDA— The best treatment for black
heads is a gentle scrubbing every
night with a camel's hair face scrub
bing brush, castile soap and tepid water.
Then after the face has been thoroughly
rinsed ami dried apply a good cold cream,
such as the creme vlolette formula for
which was given in last Sunday's Call.
Do not neglect for one day the tepid
sponge bath, and In obstinate cases of
blackheads I advise two hot, soany
baths a week. Daily exercise and proper
food are most necessary. Stop pinching
or pressing out the tiny black specks.
This is a most unnatural proceeding and
altogether too irritating. A little pow
dered-borax on a bit of linen rubbed light
ly over the blackheads is also good. I
do not advise sulphur baths, unless ad
ministered by an experienced person.
ELSIE R. Me— The hair will not grow
in length as long as the ends are split.
See to it that these are removed from
time to time. The excess of dandruff is
undoubtedly the cause of your loss of
hair. Here' is a dandruff cure, that is al
most infallible and which I am confl
• dent will stop the falling hair: Forty
eight grains resorcin, one-half ounce glv
< erin, and alcohol enough to fill a two
ounce bottle. Apply every night, rubbing
It Into the scalp. The scalp must be kept
perfectly clean, else the hair will not
flourish as it should. The formula for
skin food is this:
Spermaceti, one-half ounce: white
wax, one-half ounce: sweet almond
oil. one ounce; lanoline, one ounce;
cocoanut oil, one ounce; tincture
benzoin. 10 drops; orange flower
water, one ounce.
Melt the first five ingredients in a porce
lain kettle. When thoroughly incorpor
ated remove from the fire and add the
benzoin and orange flower water, beating
with an egg-beater until cold. The cost
of the materials will be about 40 cents, I
think. Two tablespoonfuls equal one
ounce and one teaspoonful is equal to one
dram. The brown spots on the face and
neck are probably liver spots, and come
from a disordered liver. There is no
remedy but to cure that which cause*
them. I answer questions through the
mail only when the information asked is
such as cannot be printed in these col
umns.
EVA— Write again and just as often as
you feel inclined. If you will please read
foregoing replies to Bluebell and Elsie R.
Me you will find your first two questions
answered. I have never known the skin
food to cause superfluous nalr. In trying
to put on flesh It is better. I think, to de
pend upon the food one eats. Of course,
cod liver oil and other oils will help in
the fattening process, but unless these
are prescribed by one's physician It Is
better to let them alone, as they are very
apt to upset the stomach. Massaging the
face with the skin food will plumpen it.
Bathing It in warm milk will also have
this effect.
MISS CI'RRAN— For answer to your
first question— Melt together equal parts
of red vaseline and cocoanut oil and rub
In thoroughly every night. Question No.
2 calls for equal parts of lanoline. cocoa
butter and cocoanut oil, melted together.
Massage, with this for fifteen minutes,
rubbing around and around and up. The
rubbing must be gentle, as the glands
y\f:ernoon Walking QoWa of BroWn Kersevj,
are very sensitive. The clothing must be
loose.
A MUCH-WORRIED MIND— In my re
ply to Elsie R. Me I have given formula
for skin food ami directions for making.
Will you please read it? Am sorry I
could not answer your letter sooner, but
there were many ahead of it. Thank you
for your cordial wishes.
AGGIE X.— You can reduce your flesh
permanently only by a thorough change
of diet ami fife, assisted by continuous
exercise. Avoid all sugary and starchy
ton, is. vii fata and fattening vegetables,
such as rice, potatoes, turnips and beets.
Eat sparingly of butter, drink little cof
fee ami no milk, ami substitute toast for
bread. Get up early in the morning—
never sleep more than seven hours— and
walk and exercise all that you can. Tw .
grams of bicarbonate of soda at each
meal will help, according to Trousseau, a
celebrated frencn physician. To remove
the whit- spots from the nails melt equal
parts of pitch and turpentine in a smau
cup; add to it a little vinegar and pow
dered sulphur, ami rub on the nails.
There is nothing that will remove super
fluous hair permanently except the elec
tric needle, and this is not practicable
• save when the hairs are coarse and scat
tered. For the fuzz that grows upon the
face you can keep it worn down to the
surface of the skin fc*- the constant use
of .1 piece of smoothly finished pumice
stone, ur you can bleach it so that it will
lie scarcely perceptible by applications of
peroxide or hydrogen, to which a few' drops
of ammonia 'nave been added.
BABY TKKTH-Try lemon Juice with a
little borax added to whiten the skin,
particularly where there are freckles.
After using lemon juice upon the skin,
do not neglect to use some cold cream.
H is impossible to say just how long you
must use a preparation to see its good
effects. Some skins are much more re
sponsive to treatment than others. Six
w< --ks is usually a pretty priori test.
BABBIE— I really do not know enough
about the article you mention to express
any opinion as to its merits. In fact, I
do not know which particular one you re
fer to. If your blood is poor, as the doc-
tor says, why not remedy that condition
by proper food and exercise? The best
way to develop the neck and bust Is to
massage it for fifteen minutes each night
with equal parts of lanolin, cocoa butter
and cocoanut oil, melted together. In
rubbing the bust rub with the palms of
the hands around and up and let the rub
bing be gentle. Swinging Indian clubs
will help, as will also the oreathing exer
cises given in Beauty Talk of November
13. Did you see it? Drop chalk will not
injure the skin, although there are other
powders that are preferable.
GENOVIEVE G.— Please read foregoing
reply to Babbie.
M. E. M.— l really think it very doubt
ful if you will succeed in making the
scars disappear. As the other lotion had
no effect, suppose you try this: Alcohol,
12 grams; tincture of benzoin, 2 grams;
liquid storax. 2 grams. Dilute in water
and apply at night, letting It dry on. Mas
saging with a good skin food will often
help to obliterate scars.
P. G. J.— The only way to get rid of
pimples Is to keep the blood in a condi
tion of perfect purity. In order to do thia
one must eat the proper sort of foods,
take plenty of exercise, abstain from spir
ituous liquors and preserve absolute
cleanliness of the skin. Unless these
precautions are taken outward appli
cations will be of little use. If the
red blotches are numerous and un
sightly this wash will prove effective:
One ounce glycerin, one-half ounce
rosemary water and fifteen drops
of carbolic acid. If the eruptions are of
the kind that come to a tiny white head
they must be carefully opened with a
fine needle and their contents gently
pressed out. Immediately afterward a
healing wash must be applied. Use lis
terine diluted in three times as much
boiled water for several nights and then
alternate for several nights with a small
pinch of borax mixed In two tablespoon
fuls of cologne. Pure Imported castile
soap is best for the face.
LYDIA— I am sorry to disappoint you,
but there is absolutely no such remedy
as you desire. There is nothing I can sug
gest but a depilatory powder, and of
course this would have to be used again
and again. MME. HYGEIA.
Uncle Bob— l suppose you got lot» of
nice Christmas presents?
Little Jimmy— Naw, I didn't get nuth
in' but a lot of useful things.
2728
THE PARIS PEACE COMMISSION
AT THANKSGIVING DINNER
IN the mind of the average Parisian
Mr. Whitelaw Reid is more of an
emblem of Americanism than the
bird of freedom itself. Somehow
there is a vague impression afloat
that he is President of the United
Btates, Embassador to France and
commander of the American army all
rolled into one. Indeed, could this same
average Parisian mind be photographed, j
I suspect that America would appear
as a blur of of this sort: A vast wil-.
derness, numerous Worth-clad ladies
with their elbows on the table and In
the foreground Whitelaw Reid. 1 must
confess that 1 did not fall very readily
Into this fashion of substituting Mr.
Reid for the American eagle or th->
goddess of liberty. 1 had not been edu
: to it in the woolly West, from
which I had emerged, but such is the
power of environment and of associa
tion with this average Parisian mind
that I shall probably, before many
be shouting lustily for Whitelaw
k. id and tossing my hat with all neces
sary fervor. Of course. I am speaking
figuratively In this connection: the
wildest enthusiast could not be thus
literal with a Paris hat. That I have
no distinct idea, '>r rather no idea'at all
of what Mr. Keid has done to occasion
this enthusiasm. I will confess in all
humility, but here it is suspected of me
as an A,merican. and 1 shall be rerard
ed as something of a traitor to my
colors until I obediently conform.
Wo were seated in the prand salon
before the announcement of dinner,
when a lady near me pinched my arm
excitedly. She is an American, but
having lived a number of years in
Paris feels a justifiable superiority
over us uninitiated newcomers. "There
he is," she exclaimed. "Who?" I said,
rather viciously, thinking of the black
and blue spot that I knew had resulted
from her very rousing pinch. "Why.
Mr. Whitelaw Reid!"
"I don't see him," said, looking vain
ly in th<- direction which she had indi
cated. "Right there, talking to the
bald-headed man." "That isn't White-
Jaw Reid," 1 said positively. "That is
(General Porter, the Embassador to
ETram • ."
"The Embassador to France." she re
peated. "Well. Mr. Held Is the Em
bassador!"
"No, he isn't: he used to be, but he
isn't a perpetual Embassadur. 1 Bee
you have the Parisian idea thut Mr.
Reid is the only American in or out
of America."
"But y"u are mistaken." she reiterat
ed. "I am sure that Mr. Keld is the
Embassador.
Well. I am sure that he is not." I
paid, warming up to the controversy.
"He is one of the Peace Commission
era, and how could he hold two ap
pointments at once?"
;. well," she pouted, very pivt
tily, yielding in that peculiarly femi
nine way. "It's all the same thing.
1 knew that he was something!"
And such is the fame of Mr. Reid.
All Paris knows that he is "something."
which is perhaps quite as satisfactory
as a more definite glory.
It was announced that Mr. Reid
would . preside at the University Club
dinner, which gave it in advance, from
th Parisian point of view, quite a de
of eclat. The hour was 7:30. but
it! s o'clock nothing had yet been said
altout dinner. Mr. Reid had not ar
rived. We were all very patient and
very smiling. "It was so delightful to
meet Americans and to hear English
spoken on every side, were the com
monplace re-marks.
"What a true Thanksgiving this will
be," said a lady who looked like Queen
Victoria. "We Americans have so
much to be thankful for this year."
I was quite sure that she was an
ticipating: somebody's after-dinner
speech and equally sure that the senti
ment would be much more thrilling in
Jts proper place, after dinner. For who
could respond to the most stirring pa
triotic appeal at S o'clock with dinner
not yet served and above all when one
had breakfasted in a Paris pension:
You alone who have ever lived In Paris
under similar conditions will realize the
pathos of the situation.
"We must have the 'Star-spangled
Banner,' " persisted the lady of queenly
presence, "and My Country, 'Tis of
Thee.' "
I b« gan to suspect the lady of having
attended a 5 o'clock tea. Try as I
would 1 could not respond with an>
ardor whatever. There was a time
when I should have attributed the cold
i'< lack of patriotism, when, be it
known to my shame, I even confessed
that I was unpatriotic, arguing that
patriotism was egotism, that a country
was no better than any other simply
because it happened to be my country.
Hut now 1 know that my foreign exile
has banished forever all these old-time
notions. I have hung a portrait of
George Washington with a study from
Leonardo da Vinci and even Mr. Ifc-
Kinley by the side of my adored Dante.
No, it was not lack of patriotism, 1
was sure. "The Star -spangled Ban
ner" was all very well in its place, but
how abmii the turkey and cranberry
saure and the mince pie and pumpkin
ptf-:
"We have our New England ances
tors to thank for these pleasant oc
By Genevieve Green.
[ casions," continued the lady, and now
i I had no doubt that she was confllct
j ing with somebody's speech. The
; shades <>f our New England ancestors
j are always honored guests at Thanks
l giving dinners, but I fell to wondering
; how they would thrive in a Paris at
i mosphere, these dear old Bhades.
Paris and Puritanism. One could hardly
suggest a greater incongruity. I really
hoped that they would not be involved
too ardently. these unsophisticated
shades, for should they wander forth
from the banquet hall and catch a
glimpse of 'gay Paris" in all of its
lighted loveliness, there is no prophesy
ing the ivsult. At any rate it would not
be well to introduce into their eternity
any sad regrets, any grim reflections
that life for them had been lived in
vain At last then- was a stir toward
the big banquet hall. Mr. Reid was ill,
he would not appear, his place would
be taken by Professor Woodward of
Columbia College, a member of the Ex
position Commission, was the word that
went forth conveying great disappoint
ment to my American lady with Paris
ian ideas.
"No, no. we must not invoke our
New England ancestors." I mentally
reiterated, after we were seated at the
table and I had glanced at the menu.
"They would not feel at name and
would probably disgrace us after all.
Instead <'f this gilt-edged card telling
of things unpronounceable they would
surely expect the chickens and turkeys
and tea, pies and cakes to be all on the
table at once. What would our New
England ancestors know about "chaud
froid de fois gras en Belleveel?" How
could he tell from this menu whether
it were going to be big or little, and in
consequence how much spa( c to reserve
for it? For that matter, hew can any
SIOUX Wy\p JWJY ON TJHE TJ^IL,
From "The Old Santa Fe Trail.' by Colonel Henry Inman and Colonel William F. Cody, "Buffalo Bill."
of us teil?"
Seated nearly opposite me was a
young man who might have stepped
out of a Gibson picture book, divinely
athletic, smooth-faced and perfectly
profiled, altogether a must gratifying
specimen of manhood, such as no coun
try in the world could have produced
except America or England. We were
really rhapsodical, my friends and I,
over his superb appearance and had
quite decided that ho was in truth the
ideal if a little too perfect fur the typ
ical American man, when lo! he
screwed up his eye in some incompre
hensible fashion and adjusted therein
a monocle. Immediately I lost interest.
I thought of what an equal rights lady
had said of a certain California Sena
tor: "What a pity that such a magnifi
cent head should have so little in it."
This was Thanksgiving, it was an
American occasion, and although I had
not responded as vigorously as i might
have done to the star-spangled banner
lady, I had at least wanted to look at
things of American suggestiveness.
Accordingly I turned my attention
from the gentleman with the monocle
and centered it on a superbly costumed
lady who was chattering in a very high
key in true American fashion. There
is no denying it. the American lady is
spoiled by her rasping, irritating voice.
This accusation is an old <>ne. I know
full well. I resented it for a long time
myself, but comparison with the ladies
of ntht-r nations has proven that it is
not unjust. At all events this lady was
well worth staring at. Her gown was
truly Parisian, her diamonds were truly
American. But the words that were
wafted across the table were as damp
ening to my ardor as the monocle had
been. "You know we have an owl in
our coat of arms," she explained to the
gentleman near her. "We are very
proud of it because it is the bird of
wisdom."
"Ah. my lady fine, my would be Lady
Vere de Vere," I Inwardly exclaimed,
"why did you not choose for your in
signia the good, old, strutting turkey
gobbler for which your New England
| ancestors showed such sensible pref
erence? Then Thanksgiving day would
be your own peculiar festival and to
night we should all be rejoicing in your
heraldry. But is this an American af
fair, I asked myself, amid regrets.
With a lady talking about her coat <>f
arms and a gentleman wearing a mon
ocle seated right before me, it was nec
easary to turn elsewhere for a sugges
i tion of Americanism. Ah, I found it!
' Two ladies, one here and one there, had
1 their elbows on the table. This from
' the European point of view is a sure
method of identification. The foreign
ers maintain stoutly that it is a na
tional habit of American ladies to put
their elbows on the table, which seems
to them the very height of vulgarity.
1 must confess that I do not see any
thing so terrible in this habit, granting
that it is a universal custom among us.
Perhaps it is not as elegant as it misrht
be. but at least ij is no worse than put- I
ting the knife in the mouth, which the
Germans do invariably, nor so bad as
using one's mouchoir at the table,
which v polished Frenchman will do
with a' very elegant flourish. A young
American lady whom I met this summer
in Germany told me in a very droll
way of her experience at a swell dinner
; party which she had attended not long
j before. During the course of the din
ner, she had been frequently shocked
by the free use of the knife by the
guests. She was beginning to doubt
the elegance of the circle to which she
had been invited when some sort of
soft, -reamy cake was served. There
was nothing in sight for the transpor
tation of this confection but the in
struments which nature had provided J
i and a knife. She was in grave doubt j
| about which of the two it was expected j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 189 S.
that slie' should use, when the hostess
set the example. The knife was grab
bed ferociously and the cake thus
transported. It is not inelegance at all
in Germany but custom. It seems to
me that we have the same right to a
national custom of putting our elbows
on the table.
After the mince pie somebody sug
gested "My, Country. 'Tis of Thee," to
which I now responded fervently. The
pie had been a delusion. Instead of
good old-fashioned slices, thick with
mince meat and lurking nightmares, it
had been done up in fantastic tarts that
were called on the menu "gaufrelles."
However, everybody was happy, every
body was patriotic, and the national
airs were thrilling in a degree that can
only be attained when heard in a for
eign land. We drank the health of the
President of the United States, of the
Queen of England, of the President of
France, and then the oratory com
menced. Professor Woodward made
some happy remarks about the great
American universities that were repre
sented. The gentleman with the mono
cle screwed up his eye tiehter than
ever and clapped for Yale. At the other
end of the table there was applause for
Palo Alto and heartier y,et for Berkeley.
All the world is talking about Berkeley
nowadays. The recen*- improvements
have advertised it far and wide, albeit
I sometimes hear it spoken of as the
"Berkeley University in San Francis
co." The first speaker was General Hor
ace Porter, who told us about his con
nection with different universities and
a great deal about himself generally.
His remarks not at all uninterest
ing, although I saw one or two of the
[irospective orators fidget. I am sure
they were thinking of the old defini
tion of a bore — a man who talks so
much about himself that he doesn't
give you a chance to talk about your
self. Mr. Robert Cook, the originator
of the famous "Bob Cook stroke" of
Yale, expatiated on the advantages of
college athletics. Then Mr. Bartholdi
of Bartholdi statue fame made some
remarks in French.
These were all interesting, but I
must pass them over. I am sj anxious
to get to Mr. Fearing Gill, the president
of the I,afayette Monument Associa
tion. Mr. Gill had prepared ponderous
A BROWN MIDNIGHT MASS.
p^HHISTMAS was in the air as I
hurried through the village of
Salntualfai, escorted by my scam-
V_> pering fox terrier. Christmas was
writ large on the excited faces of
men. boys and children, rushing along,
burdened with poles on which were
slung the familiar green creels, full of
provisions. It lurked around the chat
tering groups of women and girls, it
glowed from the huts where brown
busts circled the fire of cocoanut shells.
But it clung closest about the large
Roman Catholic church, where idlers
gazed in at the wide open door and dec
orators busied themselves with the al
tar piece, while the fatherly priest
wandered round in kindly fashion, talk
ing to his dark children.
The midnight mass was in prepara
tion, and the midnight mass, even at
this distance from Apia, is a long
looked for event. There were many
"Kalofas" and "Kofas" and some
hand shakes to return as I hastened
along the narrow, well-trodden path,
and I had to answer to "Lossa Solai,"
"Tamatai" and other familiar designa
tions, but one native, proud of his Eng
lish and anxious for distinction, ad
dressed me as "Missi Madam."
"MisPi Madam" had barely time tv
reach home and finish some household
preparations before dark, Damon arriv
ing with his boat in the twilight as
tired and perspiring as a man can well
be. But there i.s always a waterhole
now to rush to as a refresher, and a
good sleep under the mosquito netting
was a preparation for further dissipa
tions: for we meant to join the brown
worshipers at midnight mass. So off we
■were at 11 p. m., lighted alonf our
winding track by a small Parisian lan
tern which never anticipated the
strange experiences it undergoes. The
moon was down — a quite unjustifiable
proceeding; we needed moonlight for
the harmonies of the situation. But
the stars were out in brilliant array,
and never was more romantic midnight
walk than this, where we wound in and
out, now by the starlit waves, now
through the dark recesses of mingled
palm and breaQfruit.
As we passed the native (Protestant)
missionary's house there was a sound
of rushing feet with cries of "Tusitala!
Lossa!"
After that we met never a soul till
the lighted white church gleamed on
our view, and we mingled with the
stream of white-robed figures which we
at first mistook for choristers, but
which proved to be women. The
church floor was packed pretty close
with squatting worshipers, but. as
usual, our elevation was insisted upon.
A young native teacher, with an Im
portant air. and many genuflexions, se
cured two chairs behind the altar and
bustled down with them, seating Da
mon among the men and marching me
and numerous pages which he pro
ceeded to unroll with due solemnity.
Then he coughed, then he took a drink
of water, then plunged frantically into
a thrilling discourse on Lafayette,
a discourse that was overflowing
with the "golden gates of lib
erty" and the "luminous pages of his
tory." An American actor not far from
me curled up and took a nap; the man
with the monocle tiptoed out of the
room: a gentleman to my right drank
up his own chartreuse and absent
mindedly reached for mine. There was
a general yawn, but Mr. Gill was un
mindful and soared persistently, his
voice husky with emotion. Indeed, it
was quite as pathetic as Mark Twain
weeping over the grave of Adam. Al
together, the speech was worthy of the
cause, which in my opinion is the most
unmitigated piece of nonsense, the most
absurd of all the absurdities into which
our American school children have been
inveigled.
The same sort of intelligence planned
it which is now conducting church fairs
for the benefit of Howard Gould. Oh,
patriotism, what stupidities are com
mitted in thy name! America in the
attitude of contributing a statue to
Paris is positively funny. Amer
ica which still produces individu
als who go about with hatchets and
smash up works of art. which still
possesses cities where they clothe their
Venuses and their Apollos in muslin
robes de nuit, contributing a statue to
Paris, where statues are as common as
houses, is too ridiculous for expression.
I shall expect to hear of the Klondik
ers issuing a fashion gazette for the
benefit of Parisian ladies. The school
children of America should keep their
statue and learn what a statue is. Paris
does not need it and will never
look at it after it arrives, but even
should it be looked at long and hard
what would be the result? A man who
fomrht for America is not going to in
spire any thrills or throbs in the bosom
of a rrenchman. I understand- full
well that the art idea is subordinate to
the patriotic idea, but what is it sup
posed to teach? Do we want to say
to the Frenchman, "Come over and
help us fight, and we will erect your
statue- in one of your big boule
vards? From all that I can
I hear America does not need any
: Frenchmen to fight for her, she man
; ages to do ve»~ well without them. If
i there be any lesson to be learned from
this statue the American youngster
should have the lesson, if there be any
i pleasure in looking at it he should have
'. the pleasure. There are several places
: in America where this statue or any
other one might be erected to advan
1 tage.
Heavens, Americans, erect it in Kan
sas!
off to the women's side where I throned
it amid a s*»a of fresh, nicely got up
muslins, all oiling neatly to the ankle,
with no vul to ar hats to mar them. The
absence of the abominable headgear,
which is de rigueur in the Protestant
gatherings lent dignity to this Roman
Catholic congregation, who were all
subdued and solemn, devoutly admiring
the altar, which was to them a crown
ing glory, hidden" away behind red and
white flowers massed in geometrical
patterns. I am sorely afraid t de
tected artificial flowers on that South
Sea altar, but the effect was none the
less gorgeous as the white and scarlet
glowed in the soft lamplight. One by
one the long wax 1 tapers were lighted,
showing up the small wooden crucifix !
i rising above the red masses, and the !
banner of the Virgin floating overhead, i
1 had half expected a manger or a
holy family group on the feast which
the Samoans, like the Italians, name
"The Birthday"; but the adornments
of the eastern end, with its flowers and
lamps and stained glass, were quite
sufficient. The hearts of the congrega
tion swelled with glad pride as the
priest emerged in the glory of his glit
tering mauve and gold vestments, es
corted by his four red-skirted, white
surpliced acolytes, arid the solemn in
toning rose and floated around us. The
good Marist has not spent his twenty
seven years in the land for nothing
Never was there a better drilled coun
try congregation with white faces
even the Samoan love of noise has, like
the Samoan love of finery-, been kept
j under with discriminating authority
I lou are no longer deafened by half a
dozen hymns yelled in succession the
: single hymn sung is led by a ' well
| trained voice from the men's side while
the women's shriller notes are subdued
following the plump, white-robed dame
11 l ifc lOf me - The same nol ds good
of the chanting. Vhile. above the altar
steps, the incense floats on the air in
tO".m? a nd responses fall musically
and the brown feet of the acolytes move
noiselessly under their scarlet skirts as
they perform their duties with the
quiet quick precision of perfect train
ling. What are they thinking of. th«se
dark-skinned folk, as they kneel and
squat cross-legged, and reverently lis
ten to the Marist's discourse where he
stands on the steps, in glittering rai
ment, with his floral background?
What are they thinking of as they
come up afterward, solemnly and in
order, an endless defile, men. women
and children, to kneel before the altar
rails and receive the sacred wafer on
their tongues? Have they any distinct
conception of what the whole service
means? Seeing how readily they wan
der from church form to church form
their impressions seem to be pretty
shallow, but for the time heing these
emotional natures are undoubtedly im
presaioned and th^rp is not a smile, or
a light glance from the quiet faces that
pass me on their way back from com
munion.
OVER THE OLD SANTA FE TRAIL
WITH BUITALO BILL AND COL INMAN
COLONEL HENRY INMAN. author
of "The Old Santa Fe Trail," and
Colonel William F. Cody, better
known as "Buffalo Bill," have col
laborated in the production of a.
work of unusual interest and value.
"The Great Salt Trail," which the Mac
millan Company has just issued.
That historic highway, first marie mem- 1
orable as the route of the Mormons on j
their lone heglra to the va-.ey of the
great inland sea in I'tah whereon they
established the marvelous city of Salt j
Lake, later confirmed in renown by the I
expeditions of Fremont, Stansbury and \
Lauder to the heart of the Rocky Moun
tains, and thonce to the blue snores of.
the Pacific Ocean, is now only. a memory, j
A CHRISTMAS SONG.
By Ina D. Goolbrith.
WITH evil fettered, yet. with tears
Born of its sin and shame.
Thy World, through all the weary years.
Calls, still, upon Thy name —
Thy name. O child of Bethlehem! —
The Crucified and Ski in!
Its tides of warring ills to stem,
And speak them "peace" again.
Jesus ! tn prayir we bow
Low at Thy shrin; ;
Pardon and peace, O Thou
Savior divine !
Deaf have we been Thy word to heai
And blind our eves to see
How beautiful the way, and clear.
That leads to Heaven and Thee.
Yet truant., all, in deed and thought,
Lord, from the Father's throne,
Lean to Thy World, so dearly bought,
And claim it. still, Thine own.
'Ruler and King! we bow
Lo-x at Thy shrine;
Tardon and pta t, O Thou
Savior divine !
FOJW EXPRESS fUJ^SUED By INDIANS
From -The Old Santa Fe Trail." by Colonel Henry Inman and Colonel William
F. Cody, fi uffalo Bill.
The iron horse of commerce has super
seded the famous pony express and the
equally famous overland stage, with their
records of daredevil adventure and hair
breadth escape. The wilderness is no
longer silent; the spell of Its enchant
ment is broken; the solitary trapper has
vanished from the stern mountain side;
the Indian him.=elf has nearly disappeared.
In another generation the wild landmarks
of the old trail will be almost the only
tangible memorials of the men who led
the way.
It is full time that its history should be
written. Its records put into imperishable
shape. It is fortunate that a part at
least of the task has fallen to the hands
of a man who began his career as a boy
upon the Salt Lake trail and is still a liv
ing witness of some of the most pictur
esque portions of its early history.
The first proposal to explore the interior
of North America was made so early as
1774, by Captain Jonathan Carver of the
British army. His intention was to meas
ure the breadth of the continent at its
widest part and to find some place on the
Pacific Coast where his Government
might establish a military post to facili
tate the discovery of a "northwest pass
age" or a line of communication between
Hudsons Bay and the Pacific. But the
"War of the Revolutfo'n defeated this plan.
Thirty years later Sir Alexander Mac
kenzie crossed the continent on a line
•which nearly marks the fifty-third de
gree of north latitude. Some time after*
ward, when that explorer published the
memoirs of his expedition, he suggested
the policy of opening intercourse be
tween the two oceans. By this means, he
argued, the entire command of the fur
trade of North America might be ob
tained from latitude forty-eight north to
the pole, except in the territory held by
Russia. He also prophesied that the
relatively few American adventurers
who had enjoyed the monopoly in trap
ping along the northwest coast would in
stantly disappear before a well regulated
trade.
Attracted by these considerations, the
United States Government fitted out the
expedition of Lewis and Clarke, which in
ISO 4-5 went up the Missouri River and re
turned by the same route. Other expedi
tions of greater magnitude and with more
important results followed.
Meanwhile, as early as the first decade
of this century the great fur companies
sent out expeditions up to the valley of
the Platte in charge of their agents to
trap the beaver and other animals valu
able for their beautiful skins. The hard
ships of the pioneers in the beginning of a
trade which soon assumed gigantic pro
portions form a unique story of suffering
and privation.
Until the of the trading
posts the lives of these men were con
tinuous struggles for a bare existence.
As no company could possibly transport
provisions sufficient to last beyond the
most remote settlements, the men were
compelled fo depend entirely upon their
rifles for a supply of food. When trading
posts were located at convenient dis
tances rrom one another In the desolate
country the chances of the trapper for
regular daily meals were considerably
enhanced. But it was not until IM2 that
the first of these posts was established
REFRAIN.
REFRAIN.
at the mouth of Clear Creek by Louis
\ asquez.
Most people imagine that it wa« the
white man who learned the art of trap
ping from the Indian. The convene ti
the fact. The savages long before their
contact with the white man w..uUl silent-
Z , crce iP along the ba nks of the creeka
hide themselves In the brush on their
margin and there patiently ait for the
beaver to show himself and be killed by
their long pointed arrows.
The process was a tedious one Nat
urally they were surprised and rejoiced
when the white man cam..- among them
and they saw him walk boldly along the
streams and place a curious 'instrument
and held him until the trapper was ready
to take him out. J
T t h >? . In , dtana t . etched the white mans
method from the underbrush skirting the
creeks, and as soon as his back was
turned they stole his trap and carried It
off to their village. A long time elapsed
before they learned how to use the con
trivance which had excited their curios
ity" v.l waii i lot Ulltil the w hite man
taught them that they learned bow to
watch the beaver at work In the moon
light, how to know where the beaver
houses were, how to place the trap, bait
11 r? nd A hen leave Jt to cat ch the beaver
But If they owed the white man the
blessing of this Invention they owed him
a l so tl l e JJ ane of whisky. It has been
charged that the American Fur Company
used to deal out to them gratuitously
strong drugged liquor for the double pur
pose of preventing the sale of this article
I • by their competitors in trade and of cre
1 ; ating sickness or inciting contention
• ! among the Indians while under the infiu
• ence of sudden intoxication.
• I They succeeded even worse than they
■ ! had hoped. Bloodshed and death accom
i ' panied these fatal gifts. The jovial first
• • effects— when Indians might be seen run
i ning. whooping, from loclge to lodge, in-
I vning others to join them, or with mouths
full of the coveted firewater drawing the
lips of favored friends to close contact,
I as if to kiss, but really to eject the con
tents of their own into the friends"
'■ mouths — these soon passed into, the quar
1 relsome stages, when blows and cuts were
exchanged, and many were the wounded
and killed.
The whisky sold by the traders was gen
erally third or fourth proof whisky.diluted
by a mixture of three parts water. The
market price of this stuff was three cups
for a buffalo robe. Each cup held about
three gills. Not satisfied with this extor
tion, the trader frequently cheated the
Indian as soon as he began to lose his
senses by filling the cup only half full
or adding more water to the decoction.
Dim stories of the existence of the Great
Salt Lake of Utah had come to the ears
of the early trappers. But there is no
trustworthy account of any white man
having seen it before the time of "Jim"
Bridger, the famous mountaineer and
scout. He discovered it in the winter of
1824-25 by a mere accident. It happened
that a party of trappers under command
of William H. Ashley, one day found
themselves in what is known as Willow
Valley, by Bear River. While lying in
camp a discussion arose as to the probable
course of the river. A wager was made.
Bridger set out to decide the question.
He paddled a long distance, and came out
on the Great Salt Lake, whose waters he
tasted and found to be salt. Then he re
traced his lonely journey and reported his
discovery to his companions. ' : -•;:.'■
The story of the vast dimensions of the
strange inland body of salt water incited
four of the old trappers to paddle to tiie
lake and explore it in search of streams
flowing into it, in hopes of enlarging their
field of beaver trapping.
General John C. Fremont had probably
never heard this tale. When on September
6, 1846, he saw for the first time the
Great Salt Lake, he compares himself to
Balboa gazing upon the Pacific, and as
serts that he "was the first white man
to sail upon its saline waters."
It was in 1847 that the Great Salt Lake
became the headquarters of the Mormons.
Finding it impossible to live at peace
in Missouri and Illinois, Brigham Young,
the president of the Mormons, led his peo
ple west into the wilderness, the first
band, 143 in all. arriving in the Salt Lake
Valley on July 24, 1547. Utah was then
Mexican territory. In 1848 it was acquir
ed by the United States. ••
With the gold discoveries of 1549 tha
State of California was born almost in a
single day. The miners who made up its
first population soon demanded a more ex
peditious delivery of. their mails than ex
tant facilities allowed. The circuitous
route from the Atlantic ' seaboard across
the Isthmus of Darien to the Pacific Slope
took at least twenty days. ■ The land route
was even worse. From the frontiers of
civilization to the East there intervened
more than 2000 miles of territory unin
habited save by hostile tribes of savages.
To cross this desert by stage occupied
nearly a month. To reduce this time, to
annihilate this space, became- an absorb
ing question. But was not until 1859
that an approximate solution of the prob
lem was reached in the establishment of
the pony express by the firm of Russell,
Majors and Waddell. This firm was al
ready operating an overland stage line
from the Missouri River to Salt Lake
City. Stations had been located every ten
or twelve miles along this line, but be
tween Salt Lake City and the Pacific new
stations had to be constructed for the use
of the pony express.
In all 190 stations were soon in readiness
for the fast mall route over the barren
plains and through the dangerous moun
tains. Four men to each station, eighty
experienced riders and 500 horses were
pressed into the service. Each rider
used three horses on his route, and made
an average of thirty-three and one-third
miles.
Though $5 per letter was the charge, the
pony express did not meet expenses. But
the managers were not disappointed, for
one of their main objects had been to
earn whether the route over which the
etters were carried could be made a per
manent one for travel during all the sea
sons of the year. ■ This was determined in
the affirmative.
One of the most important transactions
of the pony express was the transmittal
of President Buchanan's last message in
December, 1860, from the Missouri River
to Sacramento, over 2000 miles, in eight
days and a few hours. This astonishing
record was beaten in March. 1861. when
the inaugural message of President Lin
coln was carried over the same route In
seven days and seventeen hours.
The last record stands unbeaten in the
annals of horseback riding to-day. ;. r.
At all times the duties of the pony ex
pressman were full of hardship and peril.
Horse and human flesh were strained to
the limit, of physical tension. Day or
night, in sunshine or storm, under the
darkest skies or by the merest glimmer
of starlight or moonlight, the brave rider
must speed on. Sometimes his path
way led straight • across level prairies,
oftener it was a zigzag trail, hugging the
brink of awful precipices and dark, nar
row canyons, infested with savages on the
lookout for scalps, or road agents eager
for booty. -..-,. . ■.
If he escaped all danger he must keep
himself ready for any emergency that
might confront him at the next station.
Double duty was frequently assigned him.
The man who was to relieve him might
be found murdered or so badly wounded
that he could not start. Then the al
ready tired expressman must take his
place and be off like a shot, although he
lad been in the saddle for hours. But
If everything was all right no time was
lost in transferring the saddle pouch with
its precious burden to the new horse and
the new rider already in waiting to re
ceive them, then away. the latter rushed
down the trail and in a moment were lost
to eight.
The mail bags were two pouches of
leather, impervious to rain, sealed and
strapped to the rider's saddle before and
behind. The pouches were never to con
tain over twenty pounds In weight.
Hence the letters or dispatches were re
quired to be written on the finest tissue
paper and limited to half an ounce in
weight. ' ■ ,
■Buffalo Bill -was. a mere lad when he
joined the expressmen. Through the
youngest rider of them all. he soon won a
reputation for courage and endurance.
On one occasion he carried a valuable
package of bank notes. ThY road agents
had somehow learned that this money
was to be. transmitted by pony express.
On arriving at one of his relay stations
Bill was informed that the rider anead of
him had been murdered. He guessed that
this was the work of road agents on the'
lookout for his charge. So he took a sec
ond pair of saddle pouches, filled them
with paper and left them in sight, while
the genuine pair he concealed in his blan
ket . saddle. Then he started out once
more, carrying his revolver ready for in
stant use. • . . .
As he drew near a lonesome spot in a
valley, the very place for a crime, two
men suddenly leaped out from the shrub
bery. Covering him with their rifles, they
brought him to a halt with the words":
"Hands. up, Pony Express Bill: -We know
yer. my boy. and what jrer carries!"
"I carry the express, and it's hanging
for you two if you Interfere with me,"
was the plucky answer.
"We don't want you. Billy, unless you
force us. to call in your checks; it's what
you carry."
Resistance would have meant certain
death. Cody slowly unfastened the
pouches, saying as he did so:
"Mark my words, men, you'll hang for
this."
"We'll take chances on that. Bill."
The pouches being now unfastened.
Cody raised them with one hand, and
crying angrily. "If you will have them,
take them." he hurled the pouches at the
head of one of the robbers. As the latter
dodged and turned to pick them up Cody
fired .upon the other with his revolver in
his left hand. • L
The bullet shattered the man's arm.
Cody then drove his horse against tha
stooping figure, knocked him over and
rode off triumphantly, though a bullet
whistled past his ears. Arriving at the
station on ' time, he reported what had
happened.
.But he had no time to rest, for he was
compelled to start back with fresh ex
press pouches. He thus made the re- :
markable ride of 3/4 miles without sleep, i
stopping only to eat his meals and rest- "
ing then but a few. moments. ■
The Great #salt Trail. The MacmlUan Com
pany, publishers. Price *3 50.
What a sensation it would make upon
the street to see a group of women in
the impossible attitudes assumed by the
figures that illustrate the fashion arti
cles in some of our newspapers! — Bos
ton TranscripteLast Nights at Old Morosco's and Sad Hearts
South of Market.
THE thousands of good playgoers
south of Market have reason for
shedding a tear or two over the
coming of 18S9, for the Grand !
Opera House closes down f
pairs after next Sunday night's per
formance. . Then good-by to the old
good-by to the old tattered
carpets, to the old seedy seats with the
n springs, to the new art gallery
cafe with its old masters hand painted
by the scenic artists, to the thrilling
ry, the patriotic curtain, to the
old company and to the old play that
under this title and that for years has
b&en the weekly delight of Morosco's
faithful following. Expansion is the
order of the hour, and Mr. Morosco has
concluded to expand. In gold and
precious stuffs will he refit the theater,
and house everything from grand opera
t' tragedy. There will be a season of
melodrama, too; but the company that
presents it will be largely new, the
prices will be new, even the play may
be new, and new people will compose
the attending crowds; and the old
faithful south siders will wonder where
they are at. For thirteen lucky years
Morosco given the south side pre
the sort of show it wanted: now
he will try to do as much for the hills
and avenues of the northern 400. Next
Sunday night means farewell to the old
BCO regiYne, and it will be a night
of sorrow on Mission street.
They were playing Mrs. Stowe's anti
slavery masterpiece when I went to
M'>rosco's the other night and for once
the acting did not play second-fiddle to
the scenery and effects, as It usually
does in productions of '"Uncle Tom's
Cabin." The actors had the show to
themselves. The scenery and the prop
erties were only incidental; they were
xrery incidental, casual, in fact, and real
acting ran riot all over the place. Only
once before had I seen "Uncle Tom's
Cabin" with the acton in the fore
ground, and that was in a performance
which boasted two Topsys, two little
Evas, and three lawyers Marks, and
forced the scenery into subsidiary con
sideration. Mr. Morosco presented the
piece last week with only a single-bar
reled cast, but he attended to it that
nothing should detract from the feats
of the actors. The blocks of ice that
supported Eliza's flight were all wond
and a yard wide and as safe as a side
walk. Lawyer Marks' umbrella had no
mechanical complications to lessen that
character's personal spell, and the five
fiendish bloodhounds were three em
barrassed bowwows of any other breed.
The only material features that inter
fered with the efforts of the players
were the new $7.99 fur-mounted over
n which the escaping George Har
as disguised and the all-leather
blacksnake whips wielded by the sev
eral slave speculators, especially b>
Simon Legree. The overcoat and the
v hips worked something of a disen
chantment. The identity of Mr. Kr-'phy
was but indifferently concealed by the
bargain garment, and Mr. Steven^
perhaps as successful a whip as
• agues* was in perpetual
difficulty getting his weapon to giv* out
: :oper crack. I have seen other
"U. T. '"'." performances, in which Har
ris' charms were concealed by a mini
(pensive and modish garment and
. Legree was more of a virtuoso
in whip-cracking, that were notab'.y
ptp-nger than this one. Still these are
minor faults, easily forgiven in the ex
cellence of the rest of the presentation.
The part of George Harris was child's
play for Mr. Brophy, who in voice and
physique is always equal to at least
five acts of continuous heroics. In t.iT
dramatic version of Mrs. Stowe's story
-<? Harris has even less to do than
in the book. His day's work is over
when the curtain goes down on the
second act; so when an actor is
assigned to this part he can consider
himself on a vacation. A peculiar thin^r
about the play of "Uncle Tom" is the
way the actors take it up in shifts,
dropping out act by act until the piece
If finally wound up by players who are
fr«-5h and vigorous for the task. Now
.h^ real larded star part is that of
Simon Legree, who lasts only two acts,
for ho does not come into the play until
the opening of Act IV. Simon is an
intensely violent character, full of pas-
Pion and profanity and fierce facialisnis
■iv nothing of the cracking of the
whip — and I should imagine him to be
AMUSEMENTS.
METROPOLITAN HALL o Read the Verdict ,
mCinUiUUIHIinALL fP of New York:
TUESDAY AND THURSDAY Tori?TrtS? of th plano "~ New
—NIGHTS AND— J^**^ - '
CATimniV MATIHrP ■ a " A thrill went over the throng.
SATURDAY MATINEE. \^JF He triumphed again and again."
January 3, 5 and 7 rsyp . New York Journal.
itC^? "Even Rubinstein had not such
tHE WORLD'S \emi&- a mastery of the piano."—
Greatest Pianist. Kk^ **.■■*
~ _^ "Rosenthal aroured the great aii-
. T'nder the direction of Ijl 1 "" dlence to an extraordinary demon-
HENRY W0LF50HN........ stratlon."— New York "World. au-
dience to an extraordinary demon-
stration.' -New York World.
ROSENTHAL
Read the Verdict IP SALE OF SEATS
of London : -begins-
A rnarvelou, rerforxnance. posl- WW ..Tuesday Morning..
"A rn»rv*'."us performance, pnsi- £r-WV
lively thrilling."— London Chronicle. jTj[ DECEMBER 27th,
— AT—
"Rosenthal is a great artist, and JB CHPDMiiV C\ AY £ Til 'C
can only b* compared with Liszt or #1 JllElli?lAll } WLAI tt VV. 3
Kublnstein."— LondonCourt Journal. Jt BL MUSIC STORE.
w■ ' ■
"Rosenthal may fairly be termed . M PRICES .. . $1, $2 and $3.
phenomenal. No praise could be ex- ■
cessiv*:"— London Time*. jis^mw ■ STEINWAY PIANO USED.
P. C J. C.
C RISTMAS DAY PROGRAMME
. " —AT THE
INGLBSIDB TRACK,
MONDAY, DEC. 26.
SELLING PURSE— Two-year-olds; five fur-
long*; nine entries.
HURDLE HANDICAP— One mile and a quar-
ter i»vl\.:- rntrtOK. RACE FOR CHALLENGE
LKMA.VS RACE FOR CHALLEN' IK
CUP— One mile: six entries.
THE CHRISTMAS HANDICAP— miles;
eight entries. . •
HANDICAP— and a sixteenth miles; five
entries. - li 'Tt* \t IMJ' W'iJWlUill' B^** a W* a f
HANDICAP— Six furlongs; eight entries.
By Ashton Stevens.
considerable of a strain on the emo
tions of a sensitive actor. Other vil
lains have their moments of leisurely
cynicism and cigarettes, but Simon is
busy from the time he first comes on
the scene, swearing and drinking and
beating and working his countenance.
And apart from the wonderful endur
ance displayed by Mr. Stevens in tins
part he is to be applauded for his re
alistic bearing and delivery. He went
about his work lovingly, you might say
— the worse grew the manners and
morals of Simon, the more diabolically
happy was Mr. Stevens. Even his
faulty technique on the whip conspired
to help him in his work, for with every
fallure to make a crack his pure cus
sedness increased. It was no wonder
the gentlemen in the gallery hissed ai.d
possibly waylaid him at the stage
door later in the evening, for his per
formance was a marvel in ferocity.
In admirable contrast were Mr. Cor
rigan, who exploited the patient vir
tues of Uncle Tom in a dignified
campmeeting key, and Baby Ruth,
whose little Eva was the occasion for
many genuine tears from the tender
hearted audience. Leslie Morosco,
'having just returned from Honolulu,"
as the play bill said, reappeared as
Marks the lawyer, and gracefully intro
duced into the part several amiable
poses and gestures reminiscent of our
new island territory. Miss Lorena At
wood was the one player who did not
receive the benefit of the short hours
system. She played Eliza in the first
part of the play and then Cassy in the
second, and to each of these chocolate
colored characters she gave sharp iden
tity and vivid dramatic force. Topsy,
too, was a lively if not an inspired cre
ation at the hands of Miss Winson, and
the reliable Mr. Butler was responsible
for the part of Phineas Fletcher, as
well as for the stage direction.
I have lingered over the varied ac-
cornplishment of the company, because
this is perhaps the last time I shall
have the chance to write about it. Only
a few of these trusty people will be in
the new organization, and most of
those who go away will be sincerely
missed. Playacting at Morosco's is not
the fickle business it is at sweller thea
ters. There an actor plays a certain
line of parts week in and week out, un
til the people grow to know him as a
brother, and can anticipate his every
mannerism. He becomes in more or
less degree a part of the family, as the
sentimental bond grows closer between
him and his auditors; and they would
rather see him, their friend, than a bet
ter actor who Is a stranger. Not every
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
r Christmas Tree TO v£.
PRESENTS FOR
ALL. THE BOYS AND GIRLS.
SEE "JOE STORMS JR.," "SALLY" and
••CONGO." WONDERS OF DARKEST AF-
££&—- THIS AFTERNOON-—
HHP EMIL MARKEBERG,
\f*?gy The Most Darin? Aeronaut on Earth.
\W Will Go Up Hanging by His Teeth.
♦!*♦ GREAT BILL IN
•■ THE FREE ; THEATER. '
''. 10c Including Zoo and Theater; Children. sc.
SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS ... ..... . . . 10 cents
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1898.
body goes to -Morosco's to laugh, very
few do, in fact, beyond impertinent
members of the press; and the thou
sands of persons in whose lives Mn
rosco melodrama has had a regular
place these many years will take
mournfully to heart the breaking up of
the old company.
ASHTOX STEVENS.
Jhe Galifomia.
The return of Nance O'Neil for an en
gagement of eight nights and two mati
nees at the California Theater, beginning
to-night (Sunday), December 25, will be
especially welcome from the fart that the
young star is to present for the first time
her much praised interpretation of Su
dermann's "Magda." appearing In it for
the first four nights and special holiday
matinee Monday. Miss O'Neil comes this
way on her return from Honolulu, where
sh> : met with flattering success, having
been paid a guarantee to play an addi
tional week. Another play to be present
ed here for the first time by Miss O'Neil
is "Qiiy Mannering." announced for
Thursdny, Friday and Saturday ex'en
ing-s. The play has not been seen here in
many years, and Miss O'Neil has made
an extended siudy of the role of Meg
Merrilies.
The Saturday matinee Is to be devoted
to the only performance during the en
fagement of "Ingomar." and on the final
unday night "Oliver Twist" will be
given with all its realism.
Jhe Golumbia.
The coming of William H. Wept? big
minstrel jubilee to the Columbia Theater
for the week beginning Monday (Christ
mas) matinee, December 2tf, promise? to
be an event in minstrelsy. From New
\'<>rk to the Pacific Coast the West min
strels have received an avalanche of
praise from the press and people.
The Washington Post, in commenting
upon this organization, says: "West is
easily the Chesterfield, Beau Brummel
and Chauncey Depew combination of the
minatrel business. In separating from
Primrose he has gathered an aggregation
of talent that, on merit, should make
money from New York to the Golden
Gate. Every feature is first class, and
the show is dressed and set in such an
artistic and becoming manner that those
who witness it are almost extravagant in
their praise. In the olio the Freeze Bros.,
tambourine spinners; Tom Lewis and
Charles Ernest in a black face specialty,
'A Coontown Sketch,' and McMahon and
King, pleased with their work. Trovollo
both delighted and bewildered* with his
automaton delineations, and Eddie Ho
ran shifted his feet so cleverly that he
had to work overtime.
"The performance closed with Mr.
| West's original production, 'Remember
I the Maine," Mr. West impersonating Cap
tain SlEsbee. The character of President
McKltuey, Admirals Dewey and Schley,
General Lee and Lieutenant Hobson were
represented by members of the company,
and each appearance produced great en
thusiasm."
Willie Collier. "The Man from Mexico,"
i is one of the early offerings.
The /\icaza-.
TVith this evening's performance Roland
; AMTTFFMENTS.
WALTER M. ORPHEUM CO., Proprietors.
WEEK COMMENCING MONDAY, DECEMBER 26.
HOLIDAY VAUDEVILLE FESTIVAL OF NOVELTIES FROM BOTH HEMISPHERES.
Piiar Morin, Rose Eytinge and Clement
Legitimate Comedy BUrs, in a Roaring Tint by Aagnstns Thomai, Entitled
"T*+f\T OUERCOfIT."
The Walter Orphean Company's Latest Imported Novelty p "
MONS. AND MME. ROFIX
Dimt From the Empire and Alhambra Theater*, London. The Most Mamlong Strong Chin BaUncers
• " in the World. > > ... f :
dEORGE FULLER Qqldeß
King of Moaolojisti, With aa Entire New Budget of Stories and Songs. . .
K. IL- V AND HUGHES Most r»moa« Blaok Taee Artists.
JULIUS P. WITTMARK HORACE COLDIN
In New Repertoire. j ,- -In Heir Trfcki of Magic. ::• \j
RAPPO • SISTERS -' BlUilM^^uST" 7l
THE s LXJKISr^ITHE merkell sisters
European Acrobats. - I ; Equilibriiti. r •;■;;.::.:.:
MATINEE TO-DAY (Sunday) Ilpn 9Rth Parquet, any seat, 25c ; Balcony ioc :
HIM I HILL lUUHI VOUIJUaj/i UtJO. ilJlll • children 10c, any part or the house.
EXTRA- Special Christmas Matinee Monday. December ' 26th. " Great Holiday Bill. '■ ,v, v . ■■
Send the WEEKLY CALL to your Friends
Only $1 per Year.
Reed's "Humbug" will have closed a suc
cessful week at the Alcazar. The holiday
bill will be put on to-morrow for the
Christmas matinee. The production will
be Hoyt's New England character play.
"A Midnight Bell." It was at the Alcazar
in June. ISS7, and L. R. Stookwell and
George Osbourne, who created the char
acters of the deacon and the cashier at
that time, will play th^ir old parts.
Fred Belasco will return from N>>w York
about the Ist of January with a bunch of
new plays. Hoyt's "A Temperance Town"
will be an early production at the Alcazar,
and Sol Smith Russell's "Peaceful Valley"
will be given next month. On Thursday.
December 29. under the auspices of tho
"Waiters' Protective Association, there will
be a benefit at the Alcazar for the female
employes thrown out of employment by
the Baldwin Hotel fire.
A unique matinee will be to-day's at
the Alcazar, where Pearl Lander, Jimmie
Horn and other youngsters will appear in
"The First Born." under the direction of
George Osbourne.
J*lorosco's.
Next week will see the end of the stock
I company at the Grand Opera-house, and
i to close fittingly, Manager Morosco has
determined to give a spectacular produc
tion that shall put In the shade his pre
vious effortß. "The White Squadron" has
'< been selected. The scene of It is in Brazil
and its period of time when the naval
fleets of the great powers assembled in
tho harbor of Rio Janeiro to protest
against the atrocities perpetrated by the
Brazilian authorities. To properly awe
the Brazilians they cause the fleets of
their several countries to parade in line
before their dismayed and astonished
eyes; Other incidents of interest will be
the wrecking of the silver train by ban
: dits, the procession of spectral monks at
i the ruined monastery and the appearance
of the Moorish slave whose terrible des
tiny is to be eternally yoked to a huge
and brutal ox.
The company will be strengthened. The
following Is the cast: Captain Victor
Staunton. James M. Brophy; General Ra
manclo, John T. Nichollsen; Colonel Lor
rettl. Landers Stevens; Harry Marlin
spike, Maurice Stewa.-t; Fritters. Leslie
Morosco; Paulo Silvesta. "Max yon Mitzel:
Santos, F. J. Butler; General Fonseca.
James Corrlgan; Bache, George Nlcholls;
Jacko. Frank Weber; Commodore Rob
erts, Frank Wyman: Thecese Romancio,
Lorena Atwood; Onesta, Maude Miller;
Ilnpp, Marie Winson; Aunt Martha, Julia
Blanc.
The Hi Henry Minstrels will begin a «wo
weeks' season January 2. At its expira
tion the theater will close for repairs and
will reopen March 6 with the Melba opera
company.
After the close of the stock season at
Morosco's Grand Opera House. January'
1. 1599. Oliver Morosco will take the en
tire company, with all the scenery, prop
erties, etc.. on the road for a short sea
son They open in Sacramento January
2. and will* have in the repertoire most of
the plays that were a pronounced suc
cesa at the Grand, such as "Held by the
Enemy." "Trilby," "The Cherry Pick
ers," "The Commodore." "My Partner,"
"Pink Dominoes" and "Passion's Slave."
Jhe TiVoli.
The Tlvoll has made a success of Its
holiday spectacle, "The Yellow Dwarf."
This is the only theater of its kind in
America that yearly produces a big
Christmas extravaganza. "The Yellow
Dwarf" is good fun and picture for young
and old, and the cast includes Phil Bran
pon in the title role. Iris Maynard as the
wicked fairy, Annie Myers as the kindly
spirit. Elvia Crox as the dashing Prince,
Edwin Stevens and William H. West as
King Blarney of Ballybluff and King
Koppernob of Carolina, Allfair is charm
ingly portrayed by Anna Llchter as the
Princess and William Pruette as the
Queen. Among the most taking special
ties are the ballet of fireflies and dances
of sevoral nations, under the direction of
Miss Ida Wyatt. The new army and navy
march, used as a finale for act first, and
"Dinah," sung by Edwin Stevens and a
bund of pickaninnies at the end of the
Mcoad act, nightly meet with a triple
encore. A second edition is in active prep
aration.
Jhe OrpKeum.
The Orpheums Christmas bill contains
some names well and favorably known to
this city. The headline act Is by people
who have attracted fame on the legit
imate stage. PUar Morin. Rose Eytlnge
and Clement Bainbrldge appear In a skit
written by Augustus Thomas entitled
"That Overcoat." A prreat novelty is
promised In Mons. and Mme. Roflx. Mons.
Roftx claims to be the greatest chin bal
ancer in the world. A piano at which
Mme. Roflx is seated is one\of the trifles
which he twirls in the air and balances on
his chin. Rlley and Hughes, blackface
artists, are regarded as another strong at
traction. George Fuller Golden and his
friend Casey have new adventures, and
Mr. Golden in his unique way will tell all
about thorn, introducing new songs. Oth
ers are Julius P. Wlttmark in new songs,
the Rappo sisters In new dances, Horace
Golden, the Illusionist, the three Lukens.
and the Merkel sisters, equilibrists. A
special Christmas matinee is announced
for Monday.
The GKutcs.
At the Chutes free theater a splendid
holiday programme has been prepared, in
cluding Forman and Howlett, ban joists;
Travelle. shadowgrapher and illusionist;
Hailett and Bryant. Irisn knockabout
comedians, and Merritt and Carlisle, a
comedy sketch team. Freada, the won
derful whirlwind dancer, will make her
rirst appearance here and A. S. Rhorer.
the descriptive barytone, will sing now
songs with moving .pictures.
This afternoon Emil Markeberg will
make a balloon ascension and parachute
dr-.ji. hanging by his teeth, and to-day
and to-morrow every child visiting the
Chutes will be given a present from a
mammoth and gorgeous Christmas tree.
Jhc Olympia.
Several new names are announced
AMUSEMENTS.
"COLUMBIA"
THEATER.
BEGINNING "YO-MORROW.
MOHDA V MATINEE.
THE WORLD'S MINSTREL EVENT!
A Sumptuous Feast of Mirth and Song-.
William H. West's
GIGANTIC
MINSTREL
JUBILEE!
AN ARTIBTIC AND REFINED
ALL FEATURE CAST.
j W. H. West Carroll Johnson
R. J. Jose Tom Lewis
Clement Stewart Charles Ernest
Charles Kent W. H. Frillman
Freeze Brothers Trovollo
— And—
SO— OTHER fIRTISTS-SO
West's Splendid Spectacle,
"REMEMBER THE MAINE!"
January 2.— WILLIE COLLIER.
SPECIAL [^COLUMBIA.
TO-NIGHT (SUNDAY)— LAST TIME.
HOYTS Farcical Triumph.
"A PARLOR MATCH."
With an Unlimited Array of Hits.
BEGINNING TO-MORROW (MONDAY) MAT-
INEE.
¥«. H. WEST'S 810 MINSHELS.
~~BASEBALL !
RECREATION PARK.
PACIFIC COAST CHAMPIONSHIP!
TO-DAY AT 2 P. M.
SEATTLE vs. OAKLAND.
Admission 25 Cents.
the Olympla Music Hall, including Laura
Ashby, juggler and magician.
fievJ Comedy.
The new attraction for the Comedy is a
farce comedy called "All Auoard," pre
sented by the Ott brothers and their com
pany. The piece is said to offer no special
plot, but just enough of a story to hang
the specialties on. The company includes
Barry Maxwell. John Donahue, George
Ebner, Thomas Cook, Percy Dokes,
George Harding, Nellie Sennett. Lillian
Burnham. Leonle Douth, Marie Biffen,
Jessie Armstrong, Mabel Davis and oth
ers.
THE OUTER WORLD.
Gomment ar\d NeWs of Distant
Plav^s ar\d players.
The Castle Square Opera Company, an
organization modeled after our own Tiv
oli. sang Pucclnl'B "La Boheme" in Eng
lish last -week in New York and scored
a tremendous success.
The new play by Max O'Rell, which
Miss Olga Nethersole will produce here,
and which may be seen in London later.
is said to be a serious drama with a happy
ending. Its text is the reversion of an old
proverb, "When wealth comes in at the
door happiness flies out of the window."
the application of which i? found in the
story of a young artist and his wife, who
are ideally happy when in moderate cir
cumstances but are miserable in Bel-
gravia.
Liebler & Co., the managers of Miss
Viola Allen in "The Christian," have
made a contract with Israel Zangwill, the
noted Hebrew writer, to produce his
forthcoming play. "Children of the
Ghetto," founded on his widely read novel
of the same title. Mr. Zangwill is to have
the play completed next April. It will be
presented at a Broadway theater in Oc
tober. 1889. The piece will be a distinct
novelty, dealing entirely with Hebrew
types of character. The story will be en
tirely on comedy lines.
Oberammerg-au is anxious to give an
other series of performances of the "Pas
sion Play" in 1900. Under the law adopted
by Bavaria in 1868 the right to produce
that play can be obtained only from the
State Ministry of the Interior. The au
thorities of Oberammergau applied to
that Ministry in April last for its consent,
but has not yet been favored with a re
ply. The explanation given is that the
Ministry is awaiting instructions from
the Government of Upper Bavaria re
garding the terms and conditions under
which the request may be granted. These
conditions relate to the plans of the thea
ter in points of safety, sanitary care and
general management, and to the capacity
and sanitary state of the hotels and other
guest houses of the town. It is also to be
. AMTJSEMENTS. ■ .
laltornlT
X THEATER.
....BEGINNING TO-NIGHT....
.8 NIGHTS AND 3 MATINEES ONLY.
Farewell Engagement of the Young American
Tragedienne .
NANCE
O'NEIL
• And an Augmented. Company.
T^Nlght, Monday. . Tuesday • and Wednesday
Evenings and
SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE MONDAY,
Sudermann's Great Drama, • ,
MAC DA
THURSDAY, - FRIDAY - AND , SATURDAY
•; •-. «..•;• ; >.-■■■. EVENINGS
• . . The Romantic Drama, • . • \ ■ '.•
GUY MANNERING!
Saturday/ Matinee— "lNGOMAß." v
; Farewell Sunday— "OLlVEß TWIST."
MOROSCOMANDSi
- v altik Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manxes.
— — — -TO-DAY 7 AND TO-NIGHT — -—
. Last Performances of •
: uncle TOM'S CABIN
COMMENCING > MONDAY. DECEMBER 28th,'
.. r .., . • Farewell ; Performa;»ees •of ■:;■;.-■;,
——THE MOROSCO STOCK COMPANY —
■ . ■ ". In an Elaborate, Production of. -•' >j. '
"THE WHITE SQUADRON!"
 ; . . GRAND HOLIDAY MATINEE" ' '
Monday, '.December 2«th. — ;■:'•'
THE WORLD'S RECORD. : \
:' 'During Mr. Morosco's managerial career in
this . city _» he ? has riven 5625 consecutive -: per-
formances. '. ..
. Popular Prices, - 10c, 25c and 50c. :
decided how much of the income from the
play is to be devoted to the town funds.
It appears that there have been differ
ences of opinion among the Government
officials on the subject, which have
caused the delay.
The New York Evening Sun says that
among the tanned cats of literature who
rule the roost at the Players' Club there
has always been an unwritten law. It is
that no dramatic critics and as few actors
as possible shall be admitted to member
ship. A year or two ago a bright young
; man came to town and was employed as
I a writer in one v i the town's largest word
i foundries. His fame in the office grew
! apace. With the hall mark of that 'am
' ous publishing house upon his brow, he
i was admitted to membership in the Play
! ers' in short order. But this season, alas!
, a new honor was thrust upon him. He
was made dramatic critic of me weekly
journal which his employers issue once
every seven days, and— now. this is the
I pathetic part of the story— he has been
! forced to resign from the Players .
A brother of Nat Goodwin is a new
> specialist at Keith's. Imitations of stage
i celebrities make up his inning. His prer-
I ace to the mimicry is a short song in i a
■ pleasing barytone. Stuart Robson is his
' flm target, and the Robsnn squeak and
I stutter, so dear to variety showmen, is
applied to a stanza of ''Sweet Marie." The
j mockery is pood, writes Acteon Davies,
I though "no better than that accomplished
; by many other specialists, and the most
i striking copy 1b that of the facial contor-
I tions. Nat Goodwin's brother's imitation
lof John McCullough is in tones that
I threaten to make half the rooms In the
adjoining hotel untenantable. The gal
lery gods applaud on the general principle
! that the possessor of such lurg power
must be a great artist. For H .iry Irv
ing in "The Bells" the new specialist has
i a dark stage, a beam of intense light
; upon his face and an assistant to paw
the air in order to cast over nis chief a
hypnotic spe'l. This is unusual enough
to make the gods sit up. They may never
have seen the English actor, but are fa
; miliar with his other imitators. Mr. Good
j win reserves for the last a likeness of his
brother in "Little Jack Sheppard." Again
the surroundings are unusual. While the
specialist shifts to doublet and hose the
stage is prepared as a prison cell. Re
clining on a bench the prisoner's sleep is
! interrupted by persons who peer in.
( through a barred window. One chap
. finally enters. Meanwhile the mimic has
; not recalled his brother very strongly by
! speech or action. His face Is not unlike.
i though broader and fuller, as becomes
a man three inches taller and much heav
'. ier than the eminent comedian.
AMUSEMENTS.
COMEDY JTHEATER.
MERRY XMAS TO ALL
MATINEE TO-DAY, AND TO-NIGHT AT I.
Last Two Performances.
HOYT'S Great Laughing Success,
...A BUNCH OF KEYS...
' TO-MORROW. MONDAY. DECEMBER M,
Opening With
A GRAND XMAS MATINEE
','..;'" The Beautiful Comedy Drama, ■ •
AROMANC¥OF
COON HOLLOW
PPT^ The Magnificent Scenic Effect*. a
VH H The Great Steamboat Race. 9
. 1 1 iI i- Th « Cotton Press in Operation.
VJX4U The whirl wing Buck Dancers.
The Same Splendid Production and Excellent
Cast as given at the Fourteenth-street
Theater. New York.
NOTE — This Is not a. colored organization*
but an "Idyll of the Tennessee Hill*."
: MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Prices.... 15e. 25c. 33e, 500
Matinees .............15c and 25c
SEATS NOW SELLING.
MONDAY MATINEE. JANUARY 2.
OTT BROTHERS in "ALL ABOARD."
AT rA7An KATINEI! TO-DAT.
AJUL/AZ^AK "FIRST BORS."
; TO-NIGHT -••**£§& TIME
Commencing With
XMAS MATINEE TO MORROW.
HOYT'S
MIDNIGHT
BELL!—
L. R. Stockwell as the Deacon.
ggg; PRICES f J£-
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Mgr.
........"A MERRY XMAS TO ALL."
THIS EVENING " THE HOME TRIUMPH
I OUR SUCCESSFUL HOLIDAY SPECTACLE
I THE YELLOW DWARF.
Splendid Cast! Grand Ballets! Catchy Music!
Entrancing Specialties:
A Delight for Young and Old!
MATINEE EVERY SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
SPECIAL MATINEE NEW YEARS DAY.
Monday. January 2d, 1599
POPULAR PRICES Ssc and SOo
N". B.— A reserved seat for the Matinee 25c.
Our Telephone, Bush 3. Secure your seats In
advance.
...OLYMPIA...
Fddy St.. Cor. Mmoti.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall
ONLY FREE THEATER ON THE PACIFIC
COAST PLAYING EASTERN STARS.
NOTE THE GREAT NEW ARRIVALS.
LAURA ASHBY, .
World Famous Equilibrist. " >". -'J
KELLY AND VIOLETTE, r
. New "Coon" Songs.
THREE LEANDRO BROS.,
- Sensational Acrobats.
', Continued Success of the
Great CONCH
Blnglng.Soubrette.' . ' •
■ LAST WEEK OF
EMILY SCHiENDLE,
Australian Aerial Wonder.
MATINEE SUNDAY. ADMISSION ' FREE.
GLEN PARK.
THE MISSION ZOO.
BIG HOLIDAY PROGRAMME. /
CHRISTMAS, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 25TH,
; BALLOON ASCENSION AND PARACHUTB
' J t/-»IP. ' ' ' *.V I *:.**''-'''
f CHARLES CONLON, "
Champion Aeronaut nnl
of Pacific Coast \KjSjf
Vaudeville - Performanoa *m*
IN FREE AMPHITHEATER.
Admission. 10c. '•■ ' Children under 5 • years ; free. '
Take San Mateo electric cars; they land you' ;
i at the entrance. ..Valencia, Mission and But-
ter street lines transfer.. '; -.■• ... .■.:-,- ;.,.■/■
■- : ' : ; F\ C - 'i ' " C. ' ■ '■■-■
•■■*■, • '■_ . v_-*» ■■ «J . v.i^» ■ ■ ' ■•
(INGLESIDE.) :
I HANDSOMEST RACETRACK IN AMERICAN ~
FIVE OR MORE RACES , DAILY. V."."',
: DECEMBER 12th TJTdECEMBER 26th.
! 'MONDAY— > CHRISTMAS HANDICAP.'
! Two Miles." 23 Entries:. • •
I ■ Trains leave Third-street station at 12:45 and :
; 1:15 p. m.
Round-trip tickets, 25 cents. .-, V.
i Electric cars on Mission and Kearny streets
! every three minutes. :=. -"•*■..
ADMISSION— ONE DOLLAR:
:■'-.■/- '..;;- 8. N. ANDROUS, President-
I F. H. GREEN. Secretary.
2930
FRATERNAL NEWS.
VISITED THE HOME.
' A genial party of prominent Masons and
their wives having membership in Har
),, ny Chapter of the Order of the East
ern Star recently paid a visit to the Ma
sonic Widows and Orphans' Home in De
coto. During the Masonic Fair in aid
of the home. Harmony Chapter achieved
a signal success at • its booth, clearing
mor< than $1600, which was given to the
fund. Mrs. John Tonningsen. who was
at the h< ad of the booth committee, know
ing that many of the ladies and gentle
men who were associated with her in the
managemi nt of the booth were not pres
•»'lit at the time of the dedication of the
home, they being at the time in the city
when- the conclave of the Knights Tem
plar was in session, suggested that a trip
to the home would make a pleasant out
ing, and the suggestion was Indorsed. Per
mission to visit the home was obtained
from Charles L. Pat ton, the chairman of
the board of trustees. The visitors, who
were accompanied by the chairman, were
Bhown over the house and grounds, and
were delighted with what they saw. Dur
ing their stay there the party had a fine
'collation and at its close a vote of thanks
was tendered Mrs. Tonningsen for her
thoughtfulness. There were present Mr.
and Mrs. John Tonningsen. Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Bone, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Car-
Dr. A. and Mrs. Millberry. Mr. and
Mrs. Anton Kreig. Mr. and Mrs. B. F.
Garratt, Mr. and Mrs. W. Lucas. Mrs.
Elizabeth D. Wetjen, Mrs. Annie Johnson,
Mrs. Isadora Horton, Mrs. Juliet Mor
ghan, Mrs. John Edmondson, Mrs. Emma
Carter, Mrs. Louise O'Nell, Miss Adela
Nelson. MTss Llllie Bronson, Misses Wet-
Jen, Misses Morghan, Miss Minnie Steb
bins. Dr. E. R. Bryant, Dr. F. J. Fraser.
M. J. Savagi . Edward Whipple, E. Borg
and Mr. Stone.
THK ODD FELLOWS.
Golden West Lodge No. 322 had a most
enjoyable Christmas jinks In Its lodge
room last Thursday night. There was a
pleasant gathering of the members of the
and friends and the entertainment
furnished was up to date and in keep
ing with the well-known hospitality of
the members of Golden West.
The grand patriarch will visit the en
ment at Meni,, Park on the sth of
January. A delegation for the San Jose
mpment will attend on that night.
Golden Gate Encampment conferred the
Royal Purple degree on three candidates
last night.
THE REBEKAHS.
Mission Rebekah Lodge No. 225, I. O.
O. P., gave a lady minstrel show in the
Mission Opera Hall on the 15th inst. under
the direction of Professors Mlnnery and
Sweeney which was decided a hit and a
great success. The participants were
mostly all members of the lodge and they
surprised their brothers and sisters by ap
pearing with fdbes covered with burnt
cork and attired in colored finery. The
young amateurs were greatly encouraged
by the crowded house and the warm ap
plause with which they were welcomed
Misses Rena J. Crawford and Maud Timb
reii were bones, and Misses Gertrude
vummer and Frances liawkins were
tambos. Miss i'arthenia Burkhart was
me Interlocutor and Mrs. Susie A. Pracy
mpanlst There were up-to-date
■ones and jokes: they were catchy and
■well received. The interlocutor was un
usually quick and she made it lively for
those she held converse with. After the
programme, which included a number of
Vaudeville numbers, there was dancing till
midnight. The success of the affair was
to the committee of arrangements.
consisting of Gertrude E. Wimmer. Rena
J. Crawfors. vice grand; Maud Timbrell
and Parthenia Hurkhart. Miss Gertrude
\\ immer. the noble grand, was the floor
manager.
Mrs. Jarley's Wax Works as presented
by the members of Loyal Rebekah Lodge
on last Monday night was one of the most
enjoyable functions that this wide-awake
lodge has ever got up for the enter
tainment of its many friends. The hall
■was crowded and as a prelude there was
given a vocal solo by Mrs. Alice M Arm
strong, mandolin trio by the Leglise sis-
JSJ? , an ;i.- Mr - J«wett. fancy dance by Mis 3
Edith Wall and Miss Edith Potter solo
by Miss Leona Krt-slau and fancy dance
by Miss Alice Mason. Mrs. H. B. Cyrus,
the noble grand of the lodge, was Mrs
aarley, and in the exhibition of her wax
works she was ably assisted by Dr A N
<■" psey ;,,„! ,\ w. Smith as >eter and
John. All the characters were appropri
ately attired to carry out the ideas pre
sented. There were a dozen figures on
exhibition and each was applauded to the
echo. Among the most attractive ones
•were "Little Nell," represented by Irene
Cyrus; -The Nurse" by Mrs. J. H^ Simp
son, "The Private Secretary" by C P
O'Neil and the "Girston Graduate" by
Miss Tillie Braver. George Simpson as
Sambo was an added attraction. After
the entertainment there was dancing until
midnight. To-morrow being a legal holi
day there will not be a mooting of the
lodge. Its officers will be publicly Installed
on the 9th of January.
. Oriental Rebekah Lodge gave its last
social event of the year last Wednesday
night. It was in tho nature of a candy
pull and a programme of varied numbers
■which were rendered before a large and
enthusiastic as well as delighted audience
of members and friends. The function
•rob superintended by Noble Grand Mr*
Lena K. Jarvis, assisted by Miss M. Mor
gan Mrs K. Pierce, Miss Abbie Swing
and Mrs. L. A. Pinkham. The programme
was followed by a candy-pull, one of the
old-fashioned kind, and in a short time
there wore hundreds of faces smeared
with molasses candy. There was dancing
till midnight.
ORIENTAL'S OFFICERS.
Mrs. Lena E. Jarvis, noble grand of Ori
ental Rfbrkah Lodge, realizing the val
uable assistance rendered her during her
term, which is about to close, by the
officers of the lodge, decided to show her
appreciation of their work by Inviting
them all to her home on lowa street last
Sunday, where they were treated to an ex
cellent collation, served by the hostess. A
very pleasant afternoon was spent and
as the guests were leaving each was pre
sented with a handsome souvenir of the
occasion. There were present: Mary Mur
gan, Amy Webb Annie Forbes M .iv
erdinks. Josephine Hutton, Isabella Ew-
g 'T^ M ?: ry Ewln ?' Mrs - !- S. Pinkham,
M. Derby. Alice Walsh. Miss Cotntallade
Mrs. Black, Mrs. Narman. Mrs Perk
Mrs. Dare and Mrs. Seymour. The din-
Ing room and the table were decorated
with exquisite taste.
ANCIENT ORDER WORKMEN.
District 5 of this city will have a grand
meeting In Potrero Opera Hall on the
7th of January.
District 1 will hold a meeting on the
29th inst. in Mission Opera Hall.
Past Grand Master W. H. Barnes has
been asked to address El Dorado Lodge
In Placerville on the 27th inst.
Past Grand Master M. T. Brewer, the
second grand master of California, passed
away at his home in Camflbells last Mon
day ~£ nd l? is funprf H w«« held in this city
on Thursday under the auspices of
Ben Adham Lodge, I. O. G. F. of which
he was a member. At the Odd Fellows'
Cemetery the service of the A O V W
was conducted by Past Supreme Master
Workman \\ . 11. Jordan and Past <;rnnd
Master Barnes. The services in the hall
were attended by Grand Master Bahrs
Deputy Grand Blaster Danforth. Grand
Recorder Poland. Grand Receiver Booth
and other prominent members of the or
der.
The past masters' meeting to be held
on the Sth of January in Shlels build-
Ing will be a very interesting one and
there will be presented a novelty in the
line of pictures thrown upon a screen
DEGREE OF HONOR. A. O. U. W.
Ivy Lodge paid a surprise visit to Dawn
of Hope Lodge last week and tho visitors
were warmly welcomed. Tho officers of
Ivy Lodge will be installed at the first
meeting In January.
The officers of Dawn of Hope Lodge
will be installed, at the same time tha:
the officers of California Lodge No. 1 of
the A. O. V. W. are to be installed In their
}iall in West Oakland.
THE NATIVE SONS.
Recently W. A. Clinch, the retiring pres
ident of Quartz Parlor of Grass Valley,
tendered a banquet to the members of his
parlor and those of Manzanita Parlor of
the Native Daughters. The presence of
the ladies was in the nature of a surprise,
but it was one that was gratifying to all,
and a most enjoyable time was had. Af
ter a most excellent menu had been dis
posed of there was an hour or two de
voted to toasts and responses, and the
greatest good cheer prevailed.
NATIVE SONS 1 INSTALLATIONS.
For the purpose of installing the officers
ftf the various circles of the order of Na
tive Sons of the Golden West during Jan
uary for the next term Grand President
! Conley has made an exchange of district
i deputies. After the officers shall have
been installed the deputies will return to
their respective jurisdictions. The follow
ing are the changes for San Francisco:
! District Xo. 46— California No. 1, Pacific No.
I 10, William R. Milton, Sea Point No. 138. IS(M
I Sutter street. San Francisco, vice J. J. Allen,
! exchanged to district No. 53.
District No. 47— Yerba Buena No. Si, Se
1 quola No. Ifio, Frank Barmn. I'lodmont No. 120,
' Oakland, vice Thomas Monahan, exchanged to
i district No. TB.
j District No. 4S— Hesperian No. 137, National
; No. 118. Arthur C. Huston, Woodland No. 30,
: Woodland, vice James T. O'Keefe, exchanged
to district No. 54.
District No. 4r<— Mission No. 3s, Alratraz No.
■ 145. Henry C. Hall. Menlo No. l<r>, Menl". vice
j G. E. Reynolds, exchanged to district No. 51.
I District No. SO— NiantJe No. 105. Golden Gate
, No. 29. J. K. IMninßer, Vallejo No. 77, Vallejo,
! vice William R. Milton, exchanged to district
I No. 46.
District No. 51— Alcalde No. 184, El Dorado
; No. 62, O. E. Reynolds, Eden No. 113. Hay
i wanis. vice Arthur C. Huston, exchanged to
'■ District No. 48.
District No. 52— Rlncon No. 72. Stanford No.
T6, L. M. Cobbledtok. Brooklyn No. 15 401
Twelfth street. Oakland, vice F. G. Ostrander,
resigned.
I'istrlct No. 53— Pan Francisco No. 49. Pre
clta No. IS7, J. J. Allen, Oakland No. ZO. City
Hall. Oakland, vice Henry C. Hall, exchanged
to district No 49.
District No. 54— Bay City No. 104, South San
Francisco No. 157, James T. O'Keefe. Redwood
No. Cfi, Redwood City, vice L. M. Cobblediok,
exchanged to district No. 52.
District No. 66— Olympud No. IS!>, Marshall
No. 802, Max Glas. Alameda No. 47, Thirty
sixth street and Telegraph avenue. Oakland,
vice Frank Barnet, exchanged to district
No. 47.
District No. 56— Presidio No. 194, Columbia
No. 121, Thomas Monahan. San Jose No. 22,
San Jose, vice J. F. Delnlnger, exchanged to
district No. 50.
THE NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
Manzanlta Parlor of Grass Valley has
elected the following named as officers for
the ensuing term: Lillie Luke. P.; Ag
nes Smith, Teresa Fahey. Hattle Martel,
V. Ps. ; Mrs Allison F. Watt, R. S.; Mrs.
W. Provis, F. S.; Clara Uphoff. ML;
Mesdames James Wales, C. T. Rouner
and John Hockling, trustees.
The ladies of Manzanita Parlor will
during Christmas week produce a
cantata entitled "Brownies in Fairy
Land," with about fifty little ones In the
cast, the boys to represent the Brownies
and the girls faries. The proceeds will
be donated to the Native Daughters'
Home, which was recently opened in this
city.
The members of Manzanita Parlor and
those of Quartz Parlor of the Native
Sons, also of Grass Valley, have accepted
an invitation to attend a ball to be given
on the IMh inst. In the dryhouse of the
Empire Mills, at the Empire mine, the
invitation having been extended by G. W.
Starr, superintendent of the mine, in cel
ebration of the new buildings at the mine, j
Last Tuesday nignt the banquet hall of
the Native Sons' building had the appear- j
ance of a kindergarten, there were so
many little ones there, to be on hand to
! receive Christmas presents from Miss I
Johanna Meyer, the Santa Claus of
| Golden State Parlor of the Native Daugh
ters. In addition to the numerous little
j ones there were present a very large num
ber of adults who were on hand to exer
! cise parental care ov"er the youngsters. It ;
was a jolly crowd, and the sight of the |
little ones in procession marching to the :
big tree, loaded with presents for them,
was one that delighted the onlookers.
During the evening the children of older
growth amused themselves snowballing
each other. At the close of the present- i
riving there was dancing, and the life of
the parlor. Miss Meyer, having changed !
her Santa Claus attire, appeared in a
beautiful evening dress and acted as floor j
manager. The genial lady was assisted In ;
her duties by the following named: Misses
Rosa Day, "L. Meyer. M. Teitjen, A. ;
Akmann.'L. Uhlig. M. Maguire, L. Hayee
sen F. Kahrenkrug and F. vor. Staden. I
and Mrs. C. Day and Mrs. A. Thiel. This
parlor will install its officers on the 4th
of January.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Tamalpais Camp gave a very pleasant
entertatment In the social hall of the Red
Men's building on the night of the 18th
Inst. The programme Included overture
by Tickner's band; recitation. Miss Alice
Parrin; vocal solo, W. Cruse; banjo solo,
I Prof. A. J. Tickner; address on the value
of fraternal insurance, by Dr. Estey; one
man orchestra, F. L. Miller; soprano solo.
Miss Hill; piano trio. Master and Misses
Clark; and violin solo. Dr. Hill. The sev
eral numbers were all of exceptionally
high merit and well deserved the generous
applause that was given. After the pro
gramme there was dancing until mld
n Redwood Camp Is increasing rapidly,
taking new members at every meeting.
It has organized the Redwood degree
team and it is being drilled to give the
work in the amplified form. The latest
death claim in this camp was paid in
forty-five days from the filing of proofs.
B'NE B'RITH.
Grand President Gutstadt and Grand
Secretary Aschheim have returned from
the official visits in the southern part of
the State. While in Los Angeles the grand
secretary issued a circular letter in which
hud: "I am surprised that a very largo
portion of the Jewish young men of Los
Angek-s manifest an attitude of indiffer
ence toward a fraternity that elsewhere
and everywhere embraces the pith and
flower of the people." He closed his let
ter with a request that the Jewish young
men attend a meeting at a time and place
named. There were a number who re
sponded to the call, with the result that
at the close of the meeting there was pre
sented a petition with twenty-five names
| to it to organize a new lodge in that city.
I The grand officers paid a visit to Orange
j and Semi-Tropic lodges in joint session.
I and in their address called attention to
i the necessity of more activity in Los An
' geles.
The grand president also visited the
lodge in San Diego and the one In San
Bernardino.
INDEPENDENT ORDER FORESTERS.
Court Golden Gate Park was instituted
last Tuesday night by General Organizer
S. J. Duckworth, assisted by Deputy
Bickford, in Devisadero Hall, with twen
ty-seven charter members. The charter
will remain open until Tuesday next,
when it is expected more than twenty
names will be added to the roll. The of
ficers installed are: J. F. Tyler, P. C. R.;
Andrew Mocker, C. R.; O. C. Pratt. V.
C. R.; Hy Marquardt, C. D.; J. J. Dow,
R. S.; Rudolph Marcy, F. S.; Thomas A.
Munro, T.; W. D. Qulnn, O.; Hy Zalln
sky, S. W.: A. W. Jackson, J. \V\; S. A.
Parly Jr., S. B.; Alex J. Garden, J. B.; J.
Stierlan and William Cane, trustees. The
new court will meet on Stanyan street,
near Haight
At the meeting of deputies held at head
quarters in the Phelan building last
Wednesday there were fourteen out of
eighteen present. By-laws were adopted
to govern the board for the year. It was
arranged to hold the installation of the
officers of Court Noe Valley on the 10th
of January, instead of on the date pre
viously announced. The board will meet
again on the 4th lnst. in the hall of Court
Sunset.
The officers of Courts Apollo and Ma
drone will be Jointly installed in public
in the hall of Court Apollo on the 19th of
January.
The following deputies have been
named: Scofield for Court Point Lobos,
Wiley for Accasia, Howell for Friar Tuck,
Sivers for San Francisco, Jolly for Diana
and Jarvis for Seal Rock.
General Organizer Duckworth has been
made a member of the board of deputies.
During the installation ceremonies in
this city Deputy Cameron will be the !
marshal and Deputy Moore will be the j
conductor.
The order is arranging for a grand pub
lic meeting in Odd Fellows' Hall within
ihe next sixty days.
KNIGHTS OF THE MACCABEES, i
San Francisco Tent No. 18, at a recent
well attended meeting, elected its officers
for the ensuing term. A few of the tried
and hard working officers were re-elect
ed and the others were promoted In rec
ognition of meritorious work" during the
term.
The tent has appointed a committee to
arrange for » Christmas festival to be
known as the Maccabce Christmas tree. It
will be given in the social hall of the Al
cazar on the 30th inst., and the members
look to a good time that night.
The tent, with a membership of nearly
300, has again formed two sides, called the
Hustlers and the Rustlers. Each team is
composed of an equal number of mem
bers, and it will be the aim of each to
secure the greatest number of members
during the next three months. The losing
team will pay part of the expenses of a
banquet, the tent defraying the balance.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1898.
The motto of the Rustlers is "We are
after new blood," and that of the Hust
lers is "We are after live candidates."
LADIES OF THE MACCABEES.
San Francisco Hive No. 8, Mrs. Mary
E. Salmond lady commander, and a num
ber of friends spent a most enjoyable
evening in the social hall of the Alcazar
j building on the 15th inst., as the commit
i tee on entertainment had arranged a good
i programme. There, was a recitation by
I Mrs. fieorge Bar, a banjo trio by Messrs.
! Burton, Rothermehl and Emerlon. and
then a cake walk, which was headed by
F. Wastier as leader. The participants
were Mr. and Mrs. George W. Barr. Mr.
and Mrs. George Leroi; Mary E. Hilmer,
who was dressed as a darky swell, and
I Mips Gertie Wastier. and Fred Hilmer
i and Florence Moffat. The several
i couples gave a fine exhibition of walking
and fancy steps, and more than one couple
did so well that under their disguises and
before their names were announced it was
supposed they were professionals. This
was particularly true of Mr. and Mrs.
Leroi and Misses Wastier and Hilmer.
Iho last named carried away the cake.
i After the programme there was dancing
i and a good collation.
Arrangements are being made for a
I joint initiation of members for San Fran
cisco, California and Phebe Hearst hives
on the 30th inst.
California Circle at its last held meet
ing received two applications and had
among visitors Ladies Nystick and Davis
?l L ° s Angeles Hive and Lady Ruby of
the hive in Portland
THE DRUIDS.
On the 17th inst. F. Lewis, N. G. A.; J.
M. Graves, G. S., and G. W. Heason, D.
Hetzel and William Tresher of Guerne
ville and F. A. Radatz, i\ A., of Hespe
rian Grove officially visited Santa Rosa
Grove and conferred the degrees on four
candidates. A banquet followed the busi
ness of the evening. Subsequently the
grand officers, in company with Past
Arches H. Grams and John Olseon of
Santa Rosa, visited Fitch Grove at
Healdsburg, where the degrees were con
ferred on two candidates and the officers
wore installed. There was a grand ban
quet in honor of the visitors at the Union
Hotel.
The officers also visited Cypress and
Petaluma Groves in joint session at Peta
luma. where O. H. Hoag of Santa Rosa
conferred the degrees on three candidates.
A pleasant social time followed the work.
Twenty-Jive names have been signed to
a petition for a new grove at Novato. It
will be instituted after the holidays.
During the past week Templar Grove
conferred the degrees on several candi
dates. Hesperian received an application
and Vasco da Gama added several names
to its roll.
COMPANIONS OF THE F. OF A.
The membership of Excelsior Circle is
a merry one and it never has a meeting
of a social character that is not one of
pleasure to all present. Such was par
ticularly the case last Tuesday night in
the Social Hall of the Alcazar when the
circle had its Christmas festival. There
was a good attendance and a handsomely
decorated tree occupied a prominent posi
tion in the hall. It was laden with many
presents which were during the evening
distributed to those entitled to receive
them. Before the tree was stripped the
committee of arrangements, composed of
Mrs. Clorinda Clothilde Tucker, Mrs. J.
Wlshman. Mrs. Humbert, Mrs. Berg, Mrs.
Baker, Mrs. Bowles, John J. Cordy. Mrs.
John J. Cordy, Mrs. Shumacher and Mr.
Larsen, assembled around it and had
their pictures taken by flash light.
Thomas Sewell acted the part of Santa j
Claus and Mrs. Humbert was the floor I
manager during the dance that followed j
the presentations.
Last Monday *.ose Circle was instituted
at Santa Rosa by Grand Chief Companion
Ira W. Coburn, assisted by Grand Finan
cial Secretary Miss Agnes D. Bremer and
Mrs. K. A. Haughey, grand treasurer. The
circle, which was organized by Mrs. Car
rie O. Musselman, Mrs. Rosa Reeder and
Jesse A. Musselman, started out with a
charter list of thirty-eight. Court Santa j
Rosa, F. of A., of which the circle is an j
auxiliary, surprised the circle members
after the institution by invitm" them and
visitors to a uanquet prepared for them,
and during the evening announced that
the circle could hold its meetings in the
court's room twice a month without cost.
The chief companion o^ the new circle
is Mrs. Rosa Reeder and John G. Dont is
the financial secretary.
Independence Circle, the institution of
which has already been noticed, has for
past chief companion T. F. Blake, for
chief companion E. Laederick and for
financial secretary M. Portley. There
were present at that institution Past
Grand Chief Companions Mrs. B. A.
['arah, Mrs. Lizzie Atwood and Mrs. M. A.
Duke, Grand Sub-Chief Companion Mrs.
Flora Jacobs, Grand Financial Secretary
Miss A. D. Bremer. Mrs. K. A. Haughey.
?rand treasurer, and Mrs. A. Davis, grand
trustee.
Last Wednesday night Inter Nos Circle
completed arrangements for its Christmas
festival for members only, to be given in
Its hall on next Wednesday.
Palo Alto Circle on last Wednesday
night had a very pleasant meeting, and
after the transaction of routine business
spent a social hour, to the great enjoy
ment of all present.
THE NATIONAL- UNION, i
California Council on last Tuesday night
Jid not have time to have any entertain
ment under good and welfare, the greater
portion of the time of the evening being
taken up in the initiation of a class of
ten candidates. The work was in the
amplified form. On the night of the 3d of
lanuary there will be an open meeting for
members and their wives, lady relatives
and friends.
KNIGHTS' OF PYTHIAS.
A new lodge called Fremont No. 215 was
instituted recently at French Gulch with
a £'>od charter list. Frank L. Fowler is
the chancellor commander and George R.
Simons keeper of records and seals. Last
Monday Eagle Lodge No. 216 was insti
tuted at Chinese Camp, with thirty-eight
charter members.
A company of the uniform rank has
been established at Redding, Shasta
County.
J. E. Haskell has been appointed special
deputy grand chancellor. He will reor
ganize the lodge at Oakdale.
The following changes in deputies have
taken place on account of those previ
ously appointed having resigned: A. A.
Paul" for district 18, vice R. B. Frizell ; D.
K. Frank for 35, vice G.N. Stockwcll; A.
E. Lucas for No. 1, vice H. Beaver, and
John Lee for 37, vice Julius Gopper.
Benicla Lodge had a grand time at Be
nlcla recently. It gave a fine entertain
ment that was well attended. Herman
Shaffner, G. K. of R. and S., was present.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
Last Monday night Liberty Lodge was
visited by Anchor Lodge in a body; also
by several grand officers and members
of Yerba Buena Lodge. Under good and
welfare Professor Cellarius gave several
1 piano recitals and addresses were made
j by Grand Dictator Archibald, Grand Vice
Dictator W. J. Thompson, Deputy Mac
i pherson and Recorder Ben I. Solomo-n.
Ivy Lodge was visited last week by M.
' L. Crowe, D. G. D., and Thomas John
i stone, G. R. The meeting was an Interest
! ing one and entertaining addresses were
I made by Past Dictators Hanson and) Cor
bett. This lodge will hold open house on
! the night of the installation of its officers
in January.
Last Tuesday night there was a large
attendance at the session of Saxon Lodge.
Among the visitors were the grand dicta
tor, and the grand vice dictator, who were
accorded a warm welcome.
ROYAL ARCANUM.
A large attendance of members enjoyed
an interesting meeting of Argonaut Coun
cil of the Royal Arcanum last week. Two
candidates were elected to membership
and two applications were received. The
committee on by-laws presented a re
port which will be acted upon at a future
meeting.
The regent reported the loss by death
of James S. McGinnis and Past Regent
George A. Wigney, who died in this city.
He also reported that the remains of the
late H. A. Prior, who lost his life In the
Baldwin Hotel fire, had been forwarded
to Mound City Council of St. Louis, Mo.
BRITANNIA LODGE, D. S. G.
The failure of a lower case "s" to show
up in the recent notice of the installation
of the officers of this lodge of the Daugh
ters of St. George made it appear that
the installing officer was Mr. instead of
Mrs. E. Witts. It was the retiring junior
past president. Miss Etta Meadows, "who
was trie recipient of the gold badge from
the lodge.
THE JUNIORS.
Abraham Lincoln Council has appointed
a committee to confer with the joint com
mittee of all the local councils to arrange
for the acceptance of the invitation of the
Rev. Dr. Locke to attend the special ser
vice to be held in Metropolitan Temple
on the 12th of next February to commem
orate the anniversary of the birth of the
patriot, Abraham Lincoln.
There is a movement to establish an offi
cial organ for the order in this State.
CHOSEN FRIENDS.
During the past week America Council
initiated a candidate for Golden Gate.
Grand Councilor Bochm visited Pacific,
Washington, America and Crystal coun-.
cils, and found the membership alive to
the interests of the order. While he was
at Washington Council several applica
tions were presented.
The Progressive Council will meet In
the hall of Samaritan Council next month.
Samaritan Council has removed to 102
O'Farrell street. Golden Gate Council will
take up headquarters in the same build
ing next month.
Grand Councilor Boehm will on the 19th
of next month leave for Humboldt Coun
ty, and while there will visit the council
of the county.
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
Lincoln and Pioneer lodges each had a
number of applications at their respec
tive meetings last week. Pioneer Lodge
will give its domino party to-morrow
night.
Richmond Lodge was officially visited
last Wednesday by the supreme president
and other supreme officers.
America Lodge is arranging for a party j
next month.
AH the lodges in tho city will on the
14th of next February give a joint valen
tine party.
ANCIENT ORDER FORESTERS.
Excelsior will be consolidated with
Court Lincoln on the sth of January. On
the 17th of the month High Chief Ranger ]
Boehm will visit Court Magnolia, when .
there will be an initiation of a class of i
twelve. On the 19th the high chief ranger j
will go to Humboldt County to visit the
courts there.
The court at Murray. Utah, in the past
term doubled its membership and now
has one hundred members. Under the
auspices of tho court a new circle of i
Companions of the Forest was recently j
organized In thnt place. ■
A new court has been instituted at ae
attle by Deputy Clark.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
The snowballing party that was recent
ly given by Franklin Circle was a very
enjoyable affair that was attended by a
large number of fun loving people. A
beautiful hand-painted sofa pillow was
by lot awarded to Mrs. J. Zabriskie.
"Liberty Circle will hold a Christmas
j tree festival in Mission Opera Hall next
I Wednesday. • _ _
The supreme grand officers visited Jus
tice Circle last Friday.
Sherwood Circle will give a party on
the sth of next month.
THE CORONA CLUB.
The evening at home that was recently
given in Mission Masonic Hall by the
Corona Club, the swell organization of
the Mission district, was the first one at
which the ladies who compose the club
ever invited gentlemen relatives and gen
tlemen friends. The programme that was
presented was one of the highest merit
i in musical and literary numbers, and was
! pfifection as to rendition. One of the
I many choice numbers and listened to
, with an attention that must have been
' eceedingly flattering to the lady was "A
! Review of the Effects of the Civil War
; l"i>on the f.nited States," by Miss Kath
1 ryn F<-r.ton. The vocal selections by Miss
Tseiln yon Pelt were also a most pleasant
fcnure of the entertainment. After the
I pr( gramme there was an adjournment to
I tue banquet hall, where there was an
excellent collation, and after that there
was dancing. Mrs. Frank Dalton, tha
president of the club, presided. This club,
which was organized last March, now has
a membership of 178.
AS SEEN 'in' CHICAGO.
"What do you think of the proposi- ]
tion to sell the government of the Phil
! ippines to a corporation?" asked the
i junior Alderman.
"It would never do," said the senior
Alderman.
' Why not? Isn't that pretty near
what you've been hammering into me
right along?"
"Why, naw. ' What would it grab its
franchises from? Itself? How long
would that sort of work pay? No, my
boy; there's a limit even to a good
thing." — Chicago Chronicle.
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
No business to-morrow.
Produce Exchange not in session.
Bank clearings sain again.
Shipment of $476,748 to China.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Vrpetables declined.
Butter easy and Cheese steady.
Slight improvement in Eggs.
Turkeys did better again.
Hens and Roosters sold higher.
Game advanced.
Apples and Oranges In free supply.
Dried Fruits stagnant. Nuts firm.
No change in Provisions.
Meat market as before.
TO-MORROW A HOLIDAT.
To-morrow will be observed as the Christmas
holiday and business will be suspended
throughout the United States.
HANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $14.
863.2R9. against $12,447,948 for the same week
In 1597.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The Gaelic took out a treasure list of $476,
745. consisting of $417,953 in Mexican dollars,
$3795 in gold coin and $."5,000 in silver bullion.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, Dec. 24, S p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfalls in 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 9.&7 15.37
Red Bluff 0.00 3.81 6.03
Sacramento 0.00 3.92 4.3S
Ban Francisco 0.00 3.99 4.07
Fresno 0.00 1.92 1.89
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 1.34 1.58
Los Angeles 0.00 0.24 2.63
San Diego 0.00 1.09 1.41
Yuma 0.00 1.32 0.81
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
54; minimum temperature, 41; mean tempera
ture, 48.
An area of high pressure is central this even
ing in Southern Idaho nnd Northern Utah.
Throughout the entire region west of the
Rocky Mountains the pressure continues un
usually high; however, It has commenced to
fall along the Washington coast. Fair weather
continues in Southern California and Arizona,
but it has become partly cloudy in Northern
California and tho region to the northward.
Partly cloudy weather will continue in North
ern California Sunday with slowly rising tem
perautre.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight December 25, 1898:
Northern California— Partly cloudy Sunday;
warmer; light easterly wind.
Southern California— Generaly fair Sunday;
warmer; light northerly winds.
For Nevada — Partly cloudy Sunday; warmer.
Fort Utah— Partly cloudy Sunday.
For Arizona— Partly /cloudy Sunday.
For San Francisco and vicinity — Partly
Cloudy Sunday; warmer; light easterly winds.
Soecial report from Mount Tamalpais —
Cloudy; wind northwest; 8 miles; temperature,
60; maximum temperature, 64.
W. H. HAMMON. Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Dec. 24.— CATTLE— Receipts of
cattle to-day ivere even smaller than usual on
Saturday and the market was almost entirely
a nominal one. Yesterday's prices prevailed
In the new transactions recorded. Traders are
looking for liberal receipts and lower prices on
Monday. Buyers of hog's took hold briskly at
advances of 6(<jioe.
HOGS— SoId at an extreme range of $3 25<g)
3 65 for the poorest to the best, largely at $3 45
<&3 60. The late market was weak and lower
and some hogs for which J3 60 was bid early
sold at $3 52^3. Packers are counting on lib
eral receipts next Monday.
SHEEP— Too few sheep and lambs continued
to make a market and prlcee were pretty much
nominal. Sheep sold at $2(82 50 for the poorest
to $4@4 25 for the best. Yearling sheep were
quoted at $4@4 E0 and lambs sold at $3 50(ff4
for common up to $5@5 10 for choice.
Receipts— Cattle, 100; hogs, 17,000; sheep. 1000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Dec. 24.— CATTLE— Receipts, 900.
Mark.'t steady, active. Native beef steers, $4 25
@5 50; Western steers, $3 So<??4 40; Texas steers
{3 60@4 10; cows and heifers, $.3^4 10; caaners.
52^T2 90; Btockers and feeders, $3 40®4 40; calves,
Wall 75; bulls and stags, $2<g3 80.
; HOGS— Receipts. 8500. Market lie higher,
closed easy; heavy, $3 42^53 47 1 -: mixed, $3 45@
3 47%; light. $3 4t@3 50; pigs. $3£3 40; bulk of.
sales. $3 45@3 47H. ' " ■ * ' r 'j
SHEEP— Receipts,- :10, 000. 7 .■ Market steady.
Native muttons, -'s3 60@4 35; Western muttons.
$3 40<@4; stock sheep, $2 50©S 50; lambs, $4@
.5 25.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Dec. 24.— CATTLE— Receipts,
700; market strong, unchanged.
HOGS— Receipts, 5000; market strong to 10c
higher. Bulk of gales. $3 3.'ft3 46; heavies $3 40
63 66; packers, $3 30@3 52*; mixed, J3 20(^3 45;
liKhts, $3 10fi3 35; pigs. $3«j3 20.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1000; market firm. Lambs,
$3 7505 85; muttons, $2 61 <;4.
DENVER.
DENVER, Dec. 24.— CATTLE— Receipts, 100;
market firmer, strong. Beef steers, J3 7!>ff4 25;
cows, $2 75(53 50; feeders, freight paid to river,
*3 2604; stockers, freight paid, $3 iO'a* 15; bulls,
stags, etc., $1 V,fn2 GO.
HOGS— Receipts, 100; market steady to shade
higher. Light packers, J3 35^3 40; mixed, $3 30
&3 35; heavy, $3 ToOtl 30.
SHEEP— Receipts, none.
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. 24.— The Financier Fays:
The statement of the clearing house banks of
New York for the week ending December 24
shows for the first time in some weeks the
banks have not been able to make use of the
surplus funds which are flowing to this city.
The result Is that excess reserves are increased
by over $2,000,000 and now stand at $19,5013,000,
the highest figure reported since the last of
October. In the period mentioned, however,
the loans of the banks have expanded J45.000,
00*) and deposits almost $r.3.000.1K)0. Facts like
these do not seem to indicate anything ap
proaching firmness in money rates. The in
crease in loans for the past week was $3,65.7.300.
which is smaller than had been anticipated.
A detailed analysis seems to show that special
operations by one or two large banks inter
fered with the logical features of the week's
operations. As results prove, the net receipts
of cash, almost exclusively In the form of
specie, were $4,665,60 U. It is known that gold Is
being received in large amounts from San
Francisco as a result of Australian imports and
larger interior remittances were in favor of
New York, as were also operations with the
sub-treasury. The cash gain, therefore, is
easily explained, but since use has not been
made for the- money the tendency is toward
Idle accumulations and a maintenance of mini
mum rates for funds. After the first Of the
year there may be a change in this condition,
but it is difficult to see how It can be more
than temporary. The Immense volume of trade
reported by the country at large certainly im
plies a demand for money, but despite this
fact and the equally important revelations
afforded by the operations with Europe, which
have resulted in heavy loans of American bal
ances to nearly every important Continental
center, the plethora of money is clearly estab
lished.
The treasury has called for the payment of
$8,000,000 of Pacific Railway funds In banks,
but this will be returned in stallments Snd
will not equal the disbursements which the
redemption of the currency 6s will necessitate
next month. If there was no balance due the
United States from Europe the situation
might be regarded with caution, owing to the
enormous expansion which has taken place,
but as It Is there seems to be nothing that
could create serious complications in the money
market.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Dec. 24.— Exchanges, $225,945;
balances, $75,789.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Dec. 24.— WHEAT — Active;
Walla Walla, S^.-ic; valley, 62c; bluestem, 63c.
Cleared— Bark Balasore, with 152,320 bushels
wheat; ship Em in Pasha, with 27,958 barrels
flour; both for (Jueenstown.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec. 24.— WHEAT— Club, 59c; blue
stem, 62<y63c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — »4 52%
Sterling Exchange, sight...- — 4 85^
Sterling Cables — 4 86^,
New York Exchange, sight — 16
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17^
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars — 47^4
(Note— The Produce Exchange stands ad
journed to next Tuesday, hence quotations for
grain, feedstuffs, niillstuffs. etc., are omitted.)
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts of Vegetables were more liberal and
quotations were lower In consequence. No
change in Potatoes and Onions.
POTATOES — 50@65c per ctl for Early Rose;
68@90c per sack for River Burbanka; Salinas
Burbanks, 75c(g$l 25; Oregon, 75c@$l 10; Sweet
Potatoes, $1 60 for Merced; New Potatoes, 2@
2V4c per lb.
ONIONS— :.n*(77sc per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 8@10c; String
Beans, 10<gi2>*e; Cabbage, 40@50c; Tomatoes,
75c(&$l 23 for Los Angeles; TCgg Plant, 15c per
lb; Garlic, 7®Bc per lb; Dried OKra, 15c per lb;
Green Peppers, 4(gf»c per lb: Dried Peppers, 10®
15c; Marrowfat Squash. *$&10 per ton; Carrots,
26® 35c per sack.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Turkeys did better again yesterday and the
moderate receipts cleaned up well at full fig
ures. There was Just about enousrh to go
around. Early in the day fine large gobblers
brought 19c readily, and a few sales even
higher were reported, but the day's market was
about as quoted below. • Other Poultry ,vas firm
and Hens and Roosters sold hlrher. .
Game was firm ' at an advance.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 15@19c; live
Turkeys, 15c for Gobblers and 15c for Hens;
Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Ducks, $4@6; Hen 3.
t3 r af>; young Roosters, J4@s; old Roosters, $4;
Fryers, $4; Broilers. $4 for large. $3(g3 50 for
Email; Pigeons, $I@l 25 per dozen for old and
$1 Bo@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail, $1 25@1 50; Mallard, $3<g>s; Can
vasback, $4{f7; Sprig, $2®3; Teal, $12*8150;
"Widgeon, $1 50#l 75; Small Duck, $I©l 25; Eng
lish Snipe, s2@2 50; Jack Snipe, $l(gl 25; Gray
Geese, $2 50ij3; White Geese, $1 26©1 50; Brant.
$1 25@1 75; Honkers, $3rfis; Hare, $1; RabbiU,
$1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
There was a temporary scarcity in Esxs
yesterday and Bales were made at a small ad
vance, but dealers expect the market to drop
back again when business is resumed this
week.
Butter ts not quotably lower, but the feeling
is weak. Cheese keeps steady.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 29@30c; sec
onds. 28c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 25@27c; common
grades, 18@'24c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, U^lSc; pickled roll,
17<gl8c for dairy and 19ig)20c for creamery
squares; creamery tub, 22@22%c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16@16V4c per
lb; Elgin. 22(f?22V4c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 12@12\4c; old. 10
ffillc; Cream Cheddar, 12(??12Vic; Young Amer
ica, 12(g13c: Eastern, 10ftjU2c.
EGGS— Ranch Kggs, 3.^(380 per dozen; sec
onds, 30®33c: Tastern, 22V4@25c for ordinary
and 28®30c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
A few Grapes sent in for the Christmas trade
sold at Srcitjl per box, but there was not much
for them.
Apples and Oranxes continue in heavy sup
ply. Peraiii.mons are making more show.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Cranberries, $7 50®10 per barrel for East
ern and $I@l 50 per box for Coos Bay.
Apples, 35@60c for common, 75c@$l per box
for No. 1 and $1 25(31 50 for chttce. Lady Ap
ples, $1 25<gl 75; Apples, in barrels, $5@9.
Pears— .toc®sl 25 per box.
Persimmons — 75c(g$l per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $I@2 50 per
box; Seedlings. 76c@$l 50; Mandarins, $I@l 25;
Lemons, 75c(gjl 50 for common and $2@3 for
good to choice: Mexican Limes, $3 50@4; Cali
fornia Limes. 25-51750 per small box; Grape
Fruit, $1 60@3 50; Bananas, $1 50@2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3@5 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
The fruit market. Is paralyzed, but Nuts are
active and firm. .
DRIED 1 ' FRUIT— 6'^c for 40-50's, 4%@
Be for 50-60' s, 3%@3%c for 60-70' 2%@3c for
70-80' 8,- 2W@2%c for 80-90' ■' 2c for 90-100's and
lV4@l%ofor 100-110' s; Stiver' Prunes. ;2V4©sc;; 2V4©sc;
Peaches, 6@7%c for good .to , choice, : "Vs©Sc for
fancy- and lO@l2V4c for peeled; Apricots, 10<g:i2c
for Royals and 12®12%c for Moorpark; Evapo
rated Apples, 7U@7V4c; sun dried, 4@4}4c; Black
Figs, sacks, 2@2%c; Plums, . 4%@6c for pitted
and l@l%c for unpitted; - Nectarines, 6@7c : for
prime to fancy :.. Pears, 6@Bc for quarters and
Bsf9c for halves. . .'.<■- '■■ - ... - .
RAISINS— for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, s%@6»£c ; for Seed
less Sultanas. 4%c for Seedless Muscatels ■ and
$1 20 for London Layers: Dried Grapes, 2%®3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, B(gl2V4c per lb: Walnuts.
7lgßc for hardshell. • 9@loc for softshell; Al
monds, 7@Bc for hardshell, ?13<gl4c for softshell,
15@16c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 6®7c for East
ern and 4%@5c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50
@5. ' ' ' i-- '■ ■ f • ■ ■'■ '' - ■ ■
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and B@9c
for lower grades: water white extracted, 6%<&
7c; , light . amber / extracted, 6c; dark, s®s^c
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb. :
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
. CURED MEATS — Bacon. 7V4c per .lb for
heavy, ;8c for light medium,; 10c ; for light. , lO^c
for extra light and ' 12(5:i2'/ic ■. lor sugar ■ cured:
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams,- 10@10V4c; California
, Hams,' - 9%@9^ic; j Mess Beef, $10 per bbl ; f extra
; Mess ; Beef, 111; • Family , ; Beef, . $12 50; '.' extra
Prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18: mess, $15 SO®
16; Smoked Beef, HM:@l2c per lb. .
■-'LARD—Tierces quoted at 5V4c per lb for com
pound and 7@7%c for pure; -barrels, pure
7%c; 10-lb tlns.:7%c; 6-lb tins, Be. - -■?-
; COTTOLENE — Tierces. 's%@«Hc;-packages
less ' than ' 300 : lbs. 1-1 palls, 60 in a case, I 9%c :
8-lh palls, 20 ' in a case,. 5-lb ■ pails, 12 in a
• case, B%c: : -10-lb palls. ■ 6 in ■a '/ case, ; B%c ; ■ 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case. 7T4c: wooden buckets, 20
lbs ; net, ; B>*c: • fancy . tubs, jSO ; lbs n««t, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about 10c under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c; medium. B^4c; light, 8c; Cowhides. 1
Sc; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, i 8c; ■; Calf. 8c; dry
Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands, 12c; dry
Kip and Veal. 15c; dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins. .'
shearlings, * 15@25c each; short wool, 30(afws'
each; medium. 60@SGc; long wool. 90c<S$l 10
each; Horse Hides, salt, tl.~s@Z for large and
75c for small; Colts. 50c; Horse Hides, dry, $1 50
for large and 50c@$l for small. ' '
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3%©3% c per lt>;
No. 2, 2s£c; refined, 4%@5c: Grease. 2c.
j WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain. 12
months', 7@9c: San Joaquln and Southern, 7
months'. S<7£9c; Foothill and Northern, . free. 12
@14c; Foothill and" Northern, defective. -9@Uc;
Humboldt and Mendocino,' l4@lsc; Nevada. 9@
lie: Eastern Oregon, 10@12c. : - • '
Fall Wools— •: •:■
Humboldt and Mendoclno '.......... 9SII
Northern Mountain. -.7(fJ> 8
Southern .... 6® ~u,
Plains . ....... .................... .v..rr..:v.;: 5@ 6 j
HOPS— crop. 12Vi(ffl4c per It) for ordinary,
H4@lsiic for good and 16@18c for choice to
fancy. ..* . .' ; "' . '* \ .
SAN FRANCISCO 1 MEAT MARKET.
There Is no further "change to report.
- Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: . ■■■■.■
BEEF— Flirt' quality. 6%<?W.i^: second qual
ity. 6<B6y c; third quality. 4MT-SSHC. '
VEAL— Large, 6H@7%c: small. G^iffSc per It).
. MUTTON— 7@7V4c; Ewes, 7c. ;- ; r .: ->'■
I. A MB— per IT). ( '-
PORK— Hogs, 4<9>4^c for large, ■< i s4#?4Uo
for medium, and 3\'S3v4c for small; stock
Hogs, 2^@3c; dressed Hogs, 6@6&c for prime..
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Ba*s for next season,
nominal, at 4vt<Sse: Wool Bags. 2fi@2Sc; San
Quentin Bag's, $4 85.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton: New Welling
ton, $8; Southneld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle.
J6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, J5; Wallsend. 17 50;
Scotch, *8; Cumberland. $S 50@9 in bulk and $10
<SlO 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite E#g.
*14; Cannel, JS 50 per ton; Rock Springs and
Castle Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk
and {14 In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered, tv^c; Candy
Granulated, 5~«c; Dry Granulated. 5%c; Confec
tioners' A. s*«c: California ft sVfcc; Magnolia A,
5%c; Extra C, sic; Golden C. s^c; half-barrels.
He more than barrels r boxes tyc more. No
order taken for less than 76 barrels or its
equivalent.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks closed the week at a slight
but general decline.
Local securities were very active for Satur
day. Hawaiian Commercial sold between
$58 37>, 2 and $59 12%, sales being heavy. Gas
and Electric advanced to $85 75. Ginnt Powder
sold up to $61, partly on the strength of a divi
dend of B0 cents, payable January 10. It Is
said that monthly dividends will be declared by
this company hereafter. \
The Humboldt Savings and L<oan Society has
declared a semi-annual dividend at the rate of
4 per cent per annum on term and 3 1-3 per
cent on ordinary deposits, payable January 3.
The Geary Street, Park and Ocean Railroad
Company has declared a dividend of 50 cents
per share, payable December 27.
The Pacific Lighting Company has declared
a monthly dividend of 40 cents per share, pay
able January 5.
The Utah Sugar Company has declared a
dividend of 5 per cent on its capital stock,
payable December 23.
The Parrott Silver and Copper Mining Com
pany of Montana has declared a dividend of 3
per cent, j>ayable January 2.
The Chollar Mining Company has levied an
aspppsment of 10 cents per share, delinquent
January 26.
The Stock and Bond Exchange, San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board, Pacific Stock
Exchange and the Investment Board stand ad
journed until Tuesday morning.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Dec. 24.
Bld.Aßk. Bld.Ask.
U. S. Bonds— Pac LCo — 50
<s quar coup.. — — S FG & E... 85%
4s quar reg.. — — San Fran 3V —
4s quar new... — — Stockton Gas. 10% 14
3s quar c0up.. 106% — Insurance-
Miscellaneous— FlrenVs Fund. 2lo —
Cal-st Cab 55. 115 117 Water Stocks—
Cal El 6s 125>4127% Contra Costa.. 50 55
C C Wat 55. ..102 — Marin Co .... SO —
Dup-st ex c... — 98% Spring Valley. lolVilol%
E L & P 65... 130 — Bank KtocKs—
F & Cl Ry 6s. 114 — Anglo-Cal ..... 65U —
Geary-st R sa. — 100 Bank of Ca1... 255% —
HC £ S 5%5. — 105 Cal SD & T.. 98%100
LAL Co 65.. 99 — First Nationl.22s —
Do gntd 65.. 100 — Lon P& A 131 —
Market-st 65.. 128% — Mer Exchange— It
Do Ist M 55. 115% U6 Nev Nat 8....176 — i
NCN G R 7s. 109 — . Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal 65. .116 120 Ger S & L..1600 1650 !
N Ry Cal 65. .106%— Hum S A L.1050 ll«0
NPC R R 65.103 — Mutual Say. — 45
NPC R R as. lo2>4lo2ii S F Say U. 500 — I
N Cal R R ss. 108 105 S4 L 50.... - 100
Oak Gas 55. ...110 — Security S B 300 JSO
Om Ry 6s 127 — Union T C 0.1060 —
P & Cl Ry 6s. 107 — Street Railroads—
P& O 6s. UJ — California ....109% —
Powell-st 65. ..US 123 Geary 4S —
Sac El Ry 5b.. — — Market-st .... sS*i<As9
SF& N P 58.110% — Oak SL& H. — —
SierraßCal fis.lO4%ins% Presidio 9% —
S P of Ar 65.111%112 Powder—
S P C6f(lW>-6)112 112.;, California 150 —
SPC 6s (1912)118>4— E Dynamite... 8u 95
6PCis eg Ss.lOS — Giant Con Co. 60% 61 Vi
SPBr 6s 119 — Vigorit 3% 3%
S V Water 6s. 119% - Miscellaneous—
8 V Water 4s. 102%102% Al Pac Aiisn.lo3% —
S V W45(3dm).101%1U1% Ger L<l Wk»..lfio —
Stktn Gas 65.. — 105 Hana P] C 0... 17* i 17%
Gas & Electric— H C & S Co.. 55% 59
Capital Gas... — — Hutch S P Co. 64% 64%
Cent Gaslight. 105 — Mer Ex Assn sm —
Cent L & P... — 16% Oceanic S Co.. 61*4 62%
Mutual El Co. 11 11% Pac A F A... lfc H?
Oakland Gas.. 52 52% Pac C Bor Co.lol -
Pac Gas Imp. 84% 85% I Par Paint Co. 714 —
Morning Session.
Board—
50 Alaska Packers' Association 105 25
10 California Powder, cash 150 00
50 Giant Powder Con 60 50
215 Giant Powder Con 61 00
50 Central Light & Power 16 00
100 Hana Plantation Co 17 75
GOO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar £S 50
250 Hawaiian Commercial A Sugar 58 37&
200 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 5S 75
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 58 62^
42.", Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar iiS S7' 3
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar, s 90. 58 50
7»0 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 59 00
125 Hawaiian Commercial Jc Sugar 59 12ij
5 Market Street Railway 58 75
5 Oakland Gas 52 50
300 Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm 1 3714
25 S F Gas & Electric Co, 3 90 85 50
139 S F Gas & Electric Co 85 00
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 85 75
10 Spring Valley Water, cash 101 25
$2000 Spring Valley 4 per cent bonds 102 75
Street—
50 Spring Valley Water 10125 i
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
15 Equitable Gaslight 10 00
170 Equitable Gaslight 10 25
$3000 S V Water 4 per cent bonds 102 50
25 Market Street 58 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Con Cal & Va..l 05 100 Union Con 12
500 Con Imperial... 01 100 Utah 08
200 Sierra Nevada.. 80 1
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Mornlni? Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 32 300 Ophlr 47
800 Chollar 14 1500 Overman" ' "07
200 Con Cal & Va..l 05 200 Scorpion ...'.'.'.'.'. 04
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, Dec. 24-12 m.
Bid. Ask. i ni-i Aoir
Alpha Con 03 04 Julia _ oi
Alta 07 08 Justice ....' '" is n
Andes 04 05 Kentuck 09 10
Belcher 17 19 Lady Wash... - 05
Benton C0n.... 04 10 Mexican *7 «,
Best & Belcher S3 34 Occidental
Bullion 02 03 Ophlr . ' 47 49
Caledonia 21 23 Overman .. ' ' 07 ns
Chollar 14 15 Potosl ...... v U,
Challenge Con. 16 18 Savage ' 08 10
Confidence .... 61 65 Scorpion _ ru
Con Cal & Va.l 05 110 Seg Belcher " 03 04
Con Imperial.. — 01 Sierra Nevada' 79 so
Crown Point... — 17 Silver Hi 11.... — ru
Con New York — 05 Syndicate .... 05 10
Eureka Con 30 — IStandard — 2 3f»
Exchequer — 02 Union Con.'.'.'." 13 14
Gould & Curry 21 23 Utah 07 10
Hale & Norcrs. 08 09; Yellow Jacket. 22 23
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks during the week:
Name of Slock.
M.
T.
\V
T.
F.
s
na
i- .....................
lea ■:
cher .'.:..•.
t■ & Belcher . :::.:.
lion
•dun i a ...............
Jlenge ....:
illar ..;...-.•:.-.'.......
Cal & Va ;.v. ;....'.
fldence ".;.:." .'.:.:....
wn Point
Id & Curry ......
c &N0rcr055. ......
tlce ..................
dean y. .'.:.'.. .........
ilr :....
rrnan ...............
Idental ' : r. : . : tt.t.t?.
oai.. ..:..
age . — ■ ....... ...C*.
ndard ■'•;'.". .'. . ...".... .;
ra • Nevada I
on s .."• .'•-•. ..".'.'. ......
h ....................
ow Jacket .........
! OS 04 03 041 03
07 08 08 071 07
04 04 04 04 04
I 17 19| 18 19 17
I S9 37 1 S3 33 34
02 031 02 02 02
20 231 22 22 21
17 17 1 18 S 16
15 18 14 1 It 14
1 101 15 1 lfl'l 05.1 10
{ 62; 66, 63; 61; 61
16 IT: 17 15|....
251 26 24 j 23j 21
11 ll! lOi 081 O'J
16f 17i 1"> 15 15
301 321 30 29; 27
51 54, 61, 49! 48
071 06j 07 07| 07
1 10' 96 g. r . 86| 85
16 16 16 14 14
I 12 11 10: 10 08
2 502 30 i . j
80 86 81| 82 80
Hi. 15 141 141 14
11 10 10| 08' OS !
Wi 19 24j 24j 22 j
N
THE CALL' B CALENDAB.
December, 1898.
Tu.
v
we
Th.
1
b
U
ii
M
a
i
Sa. Moon-^ Phases.
. 3 47-Last Quarter,
December o.
/v New Moo a.
17 W December 13.
"T~ -^yir»t Quarter,
•* -»Deo<«mber 19.
31 j/C^\ Full IVoon.
- — !w December Jr.
L.i
20
S
v
21
2s
M
■."j
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrography
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit th»
office, where complete set* of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept nn hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island. CM.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, If any, is published
in the morning papers the following day.
W. S HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., In charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes Inter than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SUNDAY, 25.
Sun rises 723
Hun sets .....4:57
Moon sets 5:26 a. m.
0
I !
Ft.
Ft. Ft. I ' Ft.
L, W JH W
5.9 4^201—0.7;' 11:34 4. 1
5.8 4:59—0.8!
HW L W
3.31 10:17 5.8 5:34 -OS
8.3 10:53 5.6' 6:07-0.7
3.2 11:32 5.31 fi:40;— 0.5
tA 12:13 5.11 7:11-0.2
: 3.1 12:56 4.7. 7:41' O.J
3:
B.l| »,•»]
3.2 9:33
L w
4.n 4:13
4.41 4:56
4.51 5:3S
4.6| 6:24
I 4.7| 7:12
0:
1:30
2:01
931
■•
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th»
second time column give? the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tid*
and the last or right hand column gives th«
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus slsn (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given 'Is subtracted from,
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., De
cember 24. IS9S.
The time ball will not be dropped December
26 on account of being a holiday.
W. S. HUGHE3.
Lieutenant. U. S. N . in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Alliance 'Oregon Ports 'Dec. 25
Orizaba [Newport jDec. ii
Samoa iHumboldt IDec. 25
Kmplre !('oos Bay | Dec. 25
PtateCallfornlaiPortland jDec. -<*
Wyefleld iNanaimo Dec. 29
Chilkat Humobldt Dec. 28
Pel Norte Tlllamook Dec. 26
Washtenaw Tacoma |Dec. 2i
Santa Rosa iSan Diego iDec. 11
China iChina and Japan Dec. 27
Arrata t ICoos Bay- Dec. 27
Centennial Seattle I-Dec. 27
Pomona i Humboldt ! Dec. 28
VmatlHa 'Victoria & Pug^t Sound^Dec. ?8
AVeeott ITarjulna Bay Dec. 2i
Aloha -Point Arena IDec. 23
Coos Bay (Newport Dec. 29
Mackinaw Tacoma iDec. 29
Point Arena (Point Arena Dec. 2")
North Fork Humboldt IDec. so
Acapulco Panama |Dec. 3*}
Corona *San Diego Dec. 31
Columbia (Portland ;Dec. 31
Chas. Xelßon...|Puget Sound ! Dec. 31
Queen (Victoria & Pug-et Soundman. I
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
ition.
Corona San Diego Dec. 25, 11 amjPler 11
Pomona Humboldt .... Dec. 25, 2 pm'Pler •
Orizaba Newport Dec. 27, 9 am!Pter 11
Walla Wall'Vlc & Pgrt Sd. 'Dec. 27. 10 am 1 »r ■»
Chllkat ....! Humboldt ....! Dec. 27, 2 pm Pier 13
City Para.. Panama Dec. 28, 12 m PMSS
Alameda ... (Sydney IDec. 28, 10 pm^Pler 7
Alliance ... ! Oregon Ports. Dec. 28, 10 amPler 20
State of Cal:Portland Dec. 29, 10 am, Pier 2*
Santa Roea'San Diego !Dec. 29, 11 amlPler 11
Arcata 'Coos Bay !Dec. 29, 10 am Pier IX
Weeott !Yaqulna Bay. l Dec. 29, 10 am Pier 13
Aloha i Point Arena.. 'Dec. 29, 3 pm'Pler 2
Signal IGrays HarboriDec. 3>l ;
Coob Bay... Newport Dec. 31, 9 am Pier 11
Pt. Arena. .'Point Arena. .l Dec. 31, 3pm Pier 3
T'matilla ..Vic & Pgt Sd. [Jan. 1, 10 am 1 Pier »
Columbia .. Portland Jan. 3. in am Pier 24
y
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, December 24.
Stmr Hueneme, Johnson, 29 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Fulton, L^vinson. 70 hours from Astoria.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfieth, 36 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Leelanaw, Storrs, 95 hours from Seattle.
Stmr Signal, Uenegaard, S days from Colum
bia River, via Coos Bay 2 days.
Stmr Newsboy. Kllefsen, 22 hours from Usal.
Srhr Monterey, Beck, 16 hours from Bowens
Landing.
CLEARED.
Saturday, December 24.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka; Chas Nel
son.
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Mlneola, David, Tacoma; P I Co.
Stmr City of Panama, Crowell, Panama, etc;
P M S S Co.
Br stmr Gaelic, Finch. Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu; O & O S S Co.
Br ship Madagascar, Slade, Queenstown; G
W McNear.
Bark S C Allen, Johnson, Honolulu; 'Williams,
Dimond & Co.
Fr bark Duchesse Anne, Andraln, Queens
town; Glrvin & Eyre.
Brig I-iurline. MacLeod, Kahului; Hawaiian
Com & Sugar Co.
Sehr Anita, Funcke, Ensenada; Tbarra Gold
Mining Co.
SATLED.
Saturday, December 24.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgensen, Point Arena.
Stmr Columbia. Green, Astoria.
Bktn Ruth, Ohalleston. Caroline Islands.
Sehr Daisy Rowe, Wilson, Coos Bay.
Stmr City of Panama. Crowcll, Panama, etc.
TELEGRAPHIC
POINT LOBOS, Dec 24, 10 P m— Weather
hazy; wind calm.
CHARTEKS.
Th« H F Glade loads wheat at Portland for
Europe, 30s 6d.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
YAQUINA BAY— Arrived Dec 24— Stmr U'e«
ott hence Dec 17, via Eureka.
NEWPORT (S)— Arrived Dec 24— Stmr Se
quoia hence Dec 21. and sailed for San Pedro.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Dec 23— Au«
Btmr Slam, from Nanalmo.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 24— Stmr Chas Nel
son, hence Dec 21.
Sailed Dec 24— Stmr Homer, for Dyea; stmr
Centennial, for Pan Francisco; Br ship River
side, for Queenstown, via Tacoma.
COOS BAY— Sailed Dec 24— Stmr Empire, for
San Francisco. Dec 23— achrs Wing and Wing
and Glen, for San Francisco.
\rrlved Dec 24— Stmr Arcata. hence Dec 22.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Dec 24— Bktn Tarn
o' Shanter, for San Francisco.
Kl'KEKA— Sailed Dec 24— Bktn Eureka, for
Ban Pedro.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Dec 24— Ft bark Marguer
ite Elise, for Queenstown; B S stmr Davis, for
San Francisco; Br ship Matterhorn, for Queens
town: Fr bark General de Charette, for Queens
town; stmr State of California, for Ban Fran
cisco; Auat stmr Burma, for San Francisco.
Arrived Dec 24— Br ship Bothwell, hence Deo
n.
NKAH BAY— Passed Dec 24— Ship Columbia.
hence Dec IS. for Tacoma; Br ship G \V Wolff,
from Tacoma for Queenstown.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Dec 24— Ship Eclipse,
for Algos Bay.
UMPQUA— Arrived Dec 22— Schr Lucy, henc«
Dec 15.
Sailed Dec 23— Schr Sadie, for San Francisco.
COQUILLE RlVEß— Sailed Dec 24— Srhr Bar
bara Hernster, for San Francisco
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Dec 23— Schr
Monterey, for San Francisco.
FISKS MlLL— Arrived Dec 24— Schr Rio Rey,
hence Dee 19.
TAi-OMA— Arrived Dec 24— Ger bark Artemis,
from Port Blakeley.
SAN MATEO-- Passed Dec 23-Haw stmr
Point Reyes, at 11 a m, from Comox. for Pbrt
•Los Angeles.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived De<- 24— Schr Excel
sior, from Pnrt Klakeley. Deo 21— Stmr South
Coast, from Eureka.
Sailed Dec 23— Stmr South Coast, for Eureka
REDONDO— SaiIed Dec 24— Schr Jennie Stella,
for Grays Harbor.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NITRATE PORT— Passed Dec 22— Br ship
Halewood, for San Francisco.
Weekly Gall $1.00 per YearBOYS' AND GIRLS' PAGE
THRFF. STORIES OF EASTERN WINTER.
SLIDING
DOWN MILL
I REMEMBER how we used to slide
down hill in old Vermont, and I
know that the children who live
there now play in just the same
way that we did some years ago.
Many of the boys would lie down Hat
Up-n their sleds and steer with the
toes of their shoes. They called this
"sliding t>:lly bumper." These
the small boys. The larger boys ami
girls had larger sleds and sat bolt up
right upon them and steered with their
heels. We went to a country school
where there was no lack of hills. There
is no scarcity of hills anywhere in Ver
mont for that matter.
I recollect the day when we had our
famous ride upon Silas Newell's ox
sl*d as plainly as if it had tak^n place
yesterday. This ox sled \ as about
twelve feet or so long and about four
f?Pt Wid.6. It consisted of two wide
runners, which were shod with steel,
and a thick and heavy frame, which
was strong enough to bear up a load
"f cord wood. It had a "neap" to
which the oxen were fastened to draw
When wood had to be hauled over the
snow. This neap was very thick and
rery stout. It could be doubled back
over the top of the sled and would
reach from the front end of the sled to
the baik.
We had been sliding In the usual way
for some time at the "nooning" or noon
recess, and had been having a very
fine time. But there is an uneasy and
venturesome boy in every school, whose
daring" easily marks him out as a
leader in mischief, and our school did
not lack a boy of this description. He
was Ned Tinker. As I was going up
the schoolhouse hill after a long slide
over the hard snow I heard a triumph
ant shout, and lonkins up I saw NV<l
and several of the other large boys
drawing out Silas Newell's ox sled from
beside the road.
"Hurrah for chain lightning,"
shouted Ned. "All aboard now for the
fastest, best and longest ride upon the
North American continent."
The large boys and girls gath'-r-il
around Ned and he persuaded them
irr-vYVAS "Good boy. Billy," "Good boy,
7 I steer!"
If Santv Claua w-ip lookin' on
■ He must have thought it very queer
To see the race that ended soon.
The Hte«r threw Billy o'er a fence,
But even that taught him no sense.
that there would be great sport in
making a ride from the t< p to the bot
tom of the Steep hill upon the ox sled.
I must confess that I was a little afraid
that this was a risky experiment, but
whr-n Ned asked me to go I was foolish
enough to accept the invitation. I did
not see how thf slfd was to be steered,
but Ned saio that he had often done the
tri^k, successfully steering with the
neap, and that, too, upon "meeting
house hill," which was twice as steep
and long as the school house hill. The
neap was turned back upon the sled
and we boys and girls piled on, to the
number of two dozen at least.
'L«et her go," shouted Ned; "here,
EDITED BY DAVID H. WALKER
some one get off and push a bit to get
us started. Hurrah, we are off now!
Beeeho! Beecho! Jimmy but this is
great!"
The first part of the hill we got along
very well. The road was straight and
Ned, who was cool as he was brave,
had no difficulty to keep the middle of
the trac».. Hut farther down another
road crossed the road upon which we
were tearing along at breakneck speed.
Just as we were nearing the cross
road there suddenly came into view
another sled which was piled up high
with cord wood, and drawn by oxen.
If you have never had any experience
with oxen you can not understand how
slew in movement they are.
"Beecho! Beecho!" yelled Ned,
making a noise that would have done
credit to a small factory whistle. At
th- same time he turned our sled so
that we might have passed the other
sled narrowly if only the oxen had
I still. But the animals. were un
manageable. They halted d. -ectly in
the middle of the road so that we had
YOUNfI Billy Rumpus said, said he —
"TWts> year ole Santy Olaus He ketch.
He'll never get away from me
Until he promises to fetch
A lot uv things from his countree.
Ma is asleep: now is the time
Outen this window high to climb.
no possible chance to escape a collision.
We turned white foreseeing that there
w<>uld be broken bones for some of us
directly and we were sorry that we had
taken up the chance to slide upon a
concern which could not be stopped —
any more than a runaway locomotive
could be stopped before it had run its
entire course.
"Jump; jump for your lives. "
It was Ned's voice. Some of the big
girls leaped into the deep snow banks
beside the road and escaped serious in
jury, although they were badly shaken
up. The boys rolled off. I had my
collar bone broken. Kitty Linus had
her left arm broken.
When we regained our feet and hob
bled down the road to where our sled
had come into collision with the other
ox slert we saw a pitiful object. Ned
lay upon a blanket upon the snow,
white and still. He was not dead, but
he was senseless.
Thf owner of the other sled paid Ned
a high compliment.
'Little rascal," he said, "he could
have dropped off like the rest of you;
only he hung on and tried to steer so
that the sled should not kill my poor
oxen. He 1b a trump, sure enough/
That was the fact. Ned had been
swift enough to lead us into danger,
but he had tried, at the risk of his own
lif>\ to avoid doing harm to the cattle
whose obstinacy had led to our disaster.
We never coasted on the ox sled after
that famous and perilous ride.
MARY BAIX.
■♦
DEAR CHRISTMAS.
BY LtON HUNT, OAKLAND.
CHRISTMAS is here now;
The children are glad.
"Twill find us all cheering;
None now. will be sad.
For joy is our birthright,
Anil even if we
Don't get many presents
Still happy we'll be.
I fancy old Santa Claus yesterday,
Loading his sleigh with beautiful toys;
There seems to be a frown on his brow
As he tries to remember the girls and
the boys. _
♦
Father— l hope you will never bite your
little brother again; your teeth were made
to chew with.
Sobbing Daughter— Next time I'll chew
him all up.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1899.
THE SNOW
FORT.
STEADY, fellows, here they come."
The speaker was the captain of
the boys of thp Eighth gTade in
a New England school, who had
been ek-cted that morning because
of his pluck and also because he was
a swift and sure thrower. Snow had
fallen two days earlier. The boys had
made a great snow fort, over the top
of which they could just look. Within
the fort they had piled snow balls,
"enough to stand a siege," as Harry-
Malcolm, thpir captain, had said. The
Ninth grade boys had promptly chal
lenged Harry Malcolm's followers to a
battle, the challenge had been prompt
ly accepted and all the boys in the two
{Trades were enlisted in one or the
other of the two armies. Albert Wal
ton commanded the Ninth grade army.
At the command of Harry Malcolm, the
boys in the fort picked out the hardest
and roundest snowballs that they could
find— each boy having a pile of missiles
directly in front of hi in— and made
ready to defend the fort. Albert Wal
ton at the same instant shouted, "At
them, boys, with a will!" Forward
rushed his army with a ringing cheer.
Hardly had Albert's command been
given when his army was within
range of the fort. They rushed at
three sides at once, the front, back and
the corner, where the opening for the
door had been made. Harry saw that
the main attack was to be made at the
entrance, and at once called for a for
lorn hope of twelve boys to 2:0 outside
to fight back the greatly superior num
ber of the enemy at that point. He
had no lack of volunteers. Indeed, all
the boys wanted to go to the place
where the battle would rage the hot
test. Harry led the forlorn hope leav
ing the command of the interior of the
fort to Charlie Leech.
Albert had at least fifty boys back of
him and they poured in volley after vol
ley against Harry's forlorn hope party.
Harrys markmanship was about per
fect. He singled out the biggest boys
among his enemies and hardly one did
he miss. The rule of the fight was
that any boy. except the captains, who
was hit twice was to be considered as
dead and consequently out of the fight.
The leaders were to stay until the end
of the fight, no matter how many timps
they should be hit. The only limit
to their endurance was to be found in
their pluck.
How the battle did rage at the en
trance to the fort for five exciting min
utes. Harry's forlorn hope being so
greatly outnumbered were killed off
in short order, but new volunteers were
ready to take their places.
HE saw his homo, he saw the road;
H>- ached with bruises— shivered,
wet.
A banty chicken at him crowed.
And that put Billy in a i>et.
"lie find Ole Santy. if you please, "
He snid. and stumbled o'er a hive of
bees.
Harry sent a lieutenant into the fort
to see how the hattle was going there.
The report was that the forces in the
fort were easily holding their own and
HERE ARE THE NAMES OF SIX METALS AS PICTURED BY THE BALTIMORE fIMERfCAN.
that they had killed off a large num
ber of the enemy, while the high walls
of the fort had proved to be a suffi
cient protection to the garrison to make
their losses much smaller than were
those of the invaders.
"Probably," so thought Harry, "the
enemy are waiting until they can get
us tired out and then they will make
a grand rush upon all the parts of the
fort at once." He was about to call
his forlorn hope slowly within the fort,
when a well aimed snowball, fired by
Harry, struck Albert squarely on top
of the head and with such force that
he took the opportunity to make a
feint of withdrawing from the fight for
a minute.
Carrying out his plan, the boys who
stood near him when he was hit, said
in tones of alarm. "Back! back! the
general is in trouble." The whole in
vading force at the entrance of the fort
flrew back. Harry's followers, with
whom all had been going too well,
rushed from the fort in great force,
yelling. "We have them upon the run,
charge!"
Albert's army seemed to be forced
farther and farther back. More and
more of Harry's army left the interior
of the fort and the battle was con
fined entirely to the ground just out
side of the fort, where, both armies
were engaged fiercely, so that icy snow
balls flew in every direction and th°
dead men were numerous.
But now Albert's strategy was dem
onstrated. While the fort was almost
WHEN Billy ppn-ad his par-a-shoot
And boldly launched himself on
air.
Tnu>erl be fell quite rap-id-lee
To a rain-water barrel there.
Thf par-a-shoot collapsed— s T ou bet!
And Billy's clothes got sopping wet.
entirely deserted by those in the inte
rior, a band of Albert's scouts, crawl
ing up to the wall of the fort upon the
side farthest removed from the main
battle, reached the fort without being
detected. With their jackknives and
some sharp sticks they succeeded in
tunneling through the wall. ■ Once
within the fort they managed to de
stroy all the ammunition there was in
the fort, although, being vigorously
fought, they were all killed to a man.
How suddenly then Albert recovered
from his wound. Placing himself at
th<> head of his reserves, who were now
seen to be the best throwers in all the
school, he gave the command for ?.n
advance at double quick. Harry had
in the meantime learned of the dam
age that had been done by his enemies
in the fort, and, seeing the mistake
into which his followers had been clev
erly tricked, he commanded an instant
retreat to the fort.
Too late. The enemy were already
swarming into the fort from the rear
through the tunnels they had made. At
the same time the advance upon the
front In overwhelming force was too
strong to be resisted long successfully.
Soon the garrison was between two
fires and tre boys Avere killed off at a
rapid rate.
At last only Harry was left to fight
for his side. For a time he stood
bravely agajnst the combined fire of
a crowd of boys. His nose was bleed
ing; one eye was closed. Upon his
face and body rained a pitiless shower
of swiftly thrown snowballs.
Albert magnanimously called his
army to retreat.
"The victory," said the principal of
the school, he having been called upon
t<> decide nr, an umpire, "is with the
Ninth grade, commanded by Albert,
who has displayed military strategy of
a high order. The bravest boy in the
school ia Harry." D. H. W.
RUNNING
BENDERS
THE boys had cut the ice on the
skating pond into cakes and were
"running benders," as they called
their sport. The game was to
skate across the cakes of ice as
they floated and avoid falling into the
Icy water. This was dangerous enough,
but the more dangerous it was — the
more the cakes of ice bobbed around
under the .weight of the skaters and the
narrower escapes the lads "had from
getting a wetting— the more they liked
it. There was a perfect little witch of
a girl who was an expert upon her
skates and who prideu that she was
able to run as fast, to climb as tall
trees, to awirn as far, and to cut as
many fancy figures upon the ice upon
her skates as any boy of us all. That
was the truth, and, as she was the
best-natured and prettiest girl who
came upon the skating pond she was
eaatiy the prime favorite of the skating
set.
While the sport of "running benders"
was at its height Mary Ducy came
skim, .ling along the surface of the ice
with the ease and speed of a swallow.
■"Room for one more."
We heard the words and stood aside.
Like a flash she dashed upon the sway
ing cakes of ice. Like a flash she losi
her footing and fell. Almost before we
could realize what had happened she
had slipped into the' icy water from one
of the cake:- of ice and the ice had
closed over the place where she had
gone down.
In the o.owd gathered around the
"benders" was Mary's father. He was
an invalid.
"Save my daughter," he shrieked.
"One hundred dollars to the brave boy
who will make the attempt."
Tom Gleason, "Surly Tom" we had
called him. was the one to respond.
He had come to the spot, holding a
long pole in his hands. Without paus
ing an instant he threw _this pole
across "the benders," so that it rested
upon solid ice at either end. Holding
to this he leaped boldly into the icy
water. The cakes of ice separated un
der his weight. A few bubbles of air
came up and we were horror stricken,
thinking that this indicated that Mary
had been drowned.
'/I see her!" shouted Tom; "throw a
rope."
Some one who had arrived with a
rope just in the nick of time threw
it to the venturesome boy. He reached
down and seized a dark object, which
was about to go down again. It was
Mary Ducey. Holding on with the en-
NOW what a plight for this small hoy.
Santa h*> hunted, but not found.
Bte< is. water, bees— him all annoy—
Bui still he thought he heard the
sound
Of Santa's sleighbells— so a ride
On Dobbin he will try beside.
ergy of despair, Tom managed to get
the rope around her form while he held
her head above water.
He had no lack of assistance now.
Boards were brought and placed upon
the quaking ice cakes and the girl and
Tom were drawn out. Mary was well
from the shock in a few days. Tom
,took the $100 from her father and we
found out later that he had given it to
a poor family that he had discovered.
ROBERT L. GRISCOM.
REMINDING
SANTA CLAUS
WITH a puff and a pull and a
choo! choo! choo!
And a cling of the bell and a
dong.
And a hiss and a siss and a
whistle so shrill.
And the train la moving along.
In his little blue coat and warm mittens.
too.
And a cap on his curly brown head.
With his ticket held fast and eyos shining
bright,
This is what young Tommy said:
"Let me off. Mr. Trainman, at Santa
Claus town.
For 'tis Santa I'm going to see;
Fcr, you see. 'twas last year that I wrote
him a line,
But he never wrote back to me.
"I told him I lived on a mountain so high.
Where the pine trees -riv ,v so iieai.
And I told him about all the snow cov
ered trails,
Which was best for his slc-d nn:l deer.
And I wrote him about baby sister, too,
And of cunning brother Jack,
And I wrote 'if you please when I asked
for the toys,
But he never answered back.
THE CAPTIVE BIRD.
BY ETHEL WINKLER,
STOCKTON.
ONE bright summer day I was run
ning and playing among pome
shaggy oaks with tall hanging
branches, covered with green
leaves. I saw birds gaily singing
and hopping to and fro from limb to
limb. Suddenly I saw three little birds
fluttering underneath the tall oaks. I
ran very swiftly to catch them. I
brought them home and put them in a
cage.
They seemed quite contented in their
new home. T hung the cage on the
porch, so that the papa and mamma
bird could feed them. This they did
many times a day. Soon they had
THIS was in South San Fran-cis-co,
Where Billy has passed all his day?:
There to and fro the cattle go, •
And some of them have cur'us ways.
Billy was next chased by a "steer"
That made him run like any deer.
grown so that they could sit upon their
perch. They would open their queer lit
tle mouths and stretch their necks
whenever any one came near them.
When they had grown large enough to
fly I decided to let two of them fly
away.
I opened the cage door and took them
out. Their mother and father came
and coaxed and begged them in their
bird language to go- away to a pleas
anter home, but they perched upon the
top of the cage and would not leave
their little brother, who was in cap
tivity.
Finally, they did fly away, but for
many nishts they would return to their
cage, where they would sleep till day
break. At- last they rame no more.
But my lone little Dicky bird was not
forgotten. His papa and mamma came
every day just as if nothing had hap
pened. AVhen the leaves began to fall
they failed to come. So Dicky was left
nlone. He grew to be a perfect little
pet. I would take him from the cage
and let him fly about the room. He
would hop about the room hunting lit
tle crumbs and bits of bread. I would
hold out my finger, when he would open
his mouth and flip his winga, as if he
thought he could fight me. He would
pick at my fingers and seem to *be glad
when he thought he had whipped me.
This he would do also when I ap
proached his cage. We all learned to
love him very dearly. One day ag he
was singing in his cage and enjoying
the sunshine a kingbird came that way
and caught Dick with his ugly beak. I
came to his rescue. Dicky bird was
no more. This made us all feel very
sad, even if he was a brown linnet. I
never see a bird when I do not think of
my lost pet.
STORY OF CLEO.
By LUCIA A. STRAWN.
CLEO was a doll. She was made
in China and then put on board
a big ship and sent to San Fran
cisco, and then put on board the
train . and sent to Woodland,
where she saw many little girls and a
great many looked at her. At last a
woman came in and looked at her and
then paid for her and took her to a lit
tle girl named Gracie, who played with
her and broke one foot off. In a few
days Gracie and her mamma went to
the train with Cleo and got on, and
then after a couple of days they were
at Grade's home. Grade did not lika
Cleo after a while. She said that Bhe
liked her other doll. Magic, the best,
so she kept giving Cleo to her sisters all
the time. She would not give her to
any one outside of the family, because
she wanted her where she could play
with her once in a while.
by
Maggie Rkottinger.
And when poor Jacky cried and mother
stockings hung there.
The baby's, and Jack's, and mine. ,
With never a toy nor a sugar plum sweet,
Of Santa ther? was not a sign.
"And when poor Jacky cried and mother
looked sad,
I said. 'Never mind, Jacky, dear,
Santa Claus was so busy, I guess, h«
forgot :
I don't let him forget next year.'
"So, I'm coming this time, Mr. Trainman,
to pet ■ ■'.c'V-u;
The things he forgot last year; -
Then he don't have to go up the steep
snowy trail
With his sled and tired reindeer."
And the train moved along with a
clickety-click.
And the wheels turned faster still.
And soon in plain sight was Santa Claus
town, -v
And the whistle blew loud and shrill.
And then, hand in hand, the trainman and
Tom
On old Santa went to call.
And no happier boy than Tom could be
found
When he got his presents all.
MY PET BROWNEY.
By BLANCHE HIGGISON.
IONE, CAL
MY pet Browney is a very cute
little dog. He can sit ur> and
shake hands and do lots of
other things. One day I went
visiting and I put a paddle on
Browney and my doll rode on his back.
My friend also saddled her do?
Beauty. We took our lunch baskets
and went over on the creek back of the
mill. After we arrived there a number
of other little girls joined us. We all
played in the sand and then ate our
lunch and the doggies had their share
of it, too, and then in the evening we
saddled our dogs and came home. We
had a fine time.
Browney will let me do almost any
thing I want to with him. He will let
me hitch hit up to a little cart, but he
will not let any one pull his tail.
MAN IN THE MOON.
By MABEL VOISINET,
THE moon man looked down one
bright winter's night.
And saw St. Nicholas making hi 3
flight;
He saw that his bag was loaded
with toys,
With a perfect assortment, for good
girls and boys;
But when St. Nicholas wa.s homeward
bound,
The man in the moon was nowhere to be
found ;
He had hidden behind a big black cloud.
And was merrily laughing, but not very
loud;
For he thought that Santa, deep in the
snow,
Might fail to find the best way tn go;
But Kama's great reindeers required no
light,
I' or tur> learn all the byways before it
is night.
BUNNY BLACK NOSE.
T ITTLE ISABEL RUTHERFORD
I ci 2314 Parker street, Berkeley.
who attends the Dwight way
j public school, and who is 8
years old, sends in the following
story about her rabbit, which is called
"Bunny Black Nose":
I have a cunning little bunny. My
father made me a wire cage for it. He
is gray, with a black nnse and paws,
and that is why we call him Bunny
Black Nose. Sometimes he will dig
holes and get out into our chicken
yard. Then I have to catch him. Papa
let him loose in the chicken yard one
A LACK A DAY! Was e'er such luck?
The horse would only go one way.
Bill dared nut tempt the brute to
buck.
But let him take the homeward way.
Shed tears — give not poor Billy scorn;
Santa was there while he was gone!
Sunday; the chicken-house door was
open and he got out.
I could not find him. Then I told
mamma, and she came out to- see if she
could find him. Mamma found him.
eating papa's raspberries. Mamma
caught him and put him in his pen.
My rabbit can put his front feet upon
the wire and beg, he can sit down and
he likes to run.
Mother — Joe, why do you suppose
that old hen persists in laying in the
coal bin?
Joe — Why, mother, I think she has
seen the sign. "Now is the time to lay
in your coal." — Golden -Days.
3132
THE GHOST AMONG THE SICK
SOLDIERS AT HONOLULU
Graoville Wells' Death Excites Somethlrjg More Thar) TalK-
HONOLULU, Dec. 7.— Smoldering
fitfully there has been a feel
ing in Honolulu against the
military hospital and the sur
geon in charge, Major Davis,
and this feeling has burst forth
into activity since the death of Gran
ville L. Wells, a soldier of the First
New York Regiment of Volunteers, on
Wednesday, November 30.
Granville Wells was a popular young
fellow in his regiment and a member
of the Knights of Pythias, in which so
ciety his father stands very high. Col
onel Wells vrtrote to one of the two
lodges here and requested that his son
be taken under the protection of the
order. Dr. Peterson, the executive of
ficer of Mystic Lodge, Knights of Py
thias, states that in that relation and
with the addition of a letter from Col
onel Wells, besides the presentation of
his professional card, he was denied
the privilege of seeing young Wells.
Now it is -well understood that it is
wisely against regulations to permit
visitors at the hospital, but Dr. Peter
son should have been exempt from this
law, as his letter from the young man's
father gave him what should have
been an open sesame to the dying boy
and maybt to receive a son's last mes
sage. It is not disputed that young
Wells had the best of care at the hos
pital, but the father's letter authoriz
ing his order to look after his sick boy,
presented by a medical man, should
have been respected.
Surely there should be no ordinance
against giving to anxious friends news
of the condition of patients. An in
quirer for Joe Granville Wells was
rudely answered: "We do not tell the
condition of our patients. You must
ask the adjutant general."
A request was politely made for the
office or telephone number of the ad
jutant general. The curt message re
turned was, "I don't know."
As there is no such official in Hono
lulu and as this friend of young Wells
learned a few hours later on the street
that he had died the day before, this
A CANDIDATE'S TROUBLES,
Continued from Seventeenth Pag*.
there are generally half a dozen in as many halls every Sunday night
i mlasrnm l asrn tlme - The societies that are addicted to the Sunday
nignt dancing habit make a practice of sending invitations to all
candidates, merely as a matter of courtesy, no doubt, but it is a
coincidence that there is invariably a bar operated in connection
v.itn the dance. The candidate is not expected to chase the plowing
nour with flying feet. He can dance if he wants, but he has so many
nans to visit that he has no time for that exhilarating diversion. Be
sides his condition is usually such that he would much prefer to
be in bed.
The usual programme is to introduce candidates on the platform
between dances, and having availed themselves of the proud privilege
or placing themselves on exhibition the candidates invariably enter
the bar followed by a large throng. The bar is the place where they
tell the candidate in joyful sung that he is a jolly good fellow, and the
experience is always expensive.
Sometimes the candidate is taxed as high as $15 for about forty
beers and then he wanders out into the night and wonders if that
sort of campaigning is really profitable. He probably has the satis
faction of knowing that his opponent has had precisely the same ex
perience. He may not like it but he never fails to go up against it
Custom requires him to be a good fellow regardless of cost Con
sequently when he enters a large factory or foundry to meet his
fellow citizens he always smiles when the gentle hint is whispered
into his ear that it might be advisable for him to send up a keg of
steam beer or to have one opened at the nearest saloon. Those hints
are part of the airy, earnest persiflage that enters into every cam-
When the candidate is not attending meetings or balls at night
he is spending his money at church fairs, which, by the way were
unusually numerous during the months of last October and Novem
ber. He does not go to them for pleasure, but he is advised that it
would be advantageous for him to do so and he goes, and falls a
victim to the insidious smiles of the women who have tickets to sell
and who treat him as if he were the only proper person on earth
to be fleeced.
• l f h Z has a " y . s P are tlme in th e wee sma 1 hours when the beds
in the cheap lodging-houses are occupied he wends his way through
them receiving introductions from the porter to the weary unwashed
v a ra " dldate emerges from one of those underground hostelries
where a bed costs 10 cents and the privilege of sitting on a charil
enjoyed for a nickel he feels as though he were in need of a dis-
The experience of the first day is repeated every day throughout
the campaign and it is only the excitement that protects the can
didate from total collapse. He feels that his patience is exhausted
at least one hundred times a day. but he must smile and look pleas
ant even when the temptation to assert his feelings is tremendous
The hammam bath at night is the only refreshing luxury that enables
him to endure the torture and it is thither he hies himself for a brief
respite whenthe electric lights go out. uuei
SERVICE THIS DAY AT THE CITY CHURCHES
r jo F ieB B Re t v'' t E Ch v rC Wo^8 dy Btreet- near M°rning-Spec| aI music and service in
Jones-Re^,. E. A. woods. honor of Christmas. Evening-Sermon and
prayer and special music.
Emmanuel Baptist. Bartlett street,
Twtnty-second— Rev. J. G. Gibson.
Morning— An appropriate sermon on the
subject of Christmas by the rector.
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street,
Stelner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins.
! Morning— "The Young Child's Enemies-
I'»-a.l. Evening— "The Social Side of
1 Christmas."
St. Agnes Church, Masonic avenue, between
Page and Oak streets— Rev. William P.
Kirby.
Morning— High mass and sermon.
Injf— Vespers and benediction.
Even-
St Charles Borromeo, Eighteenth and Shot-
well streets— Father P. J. Cummins.
Morning— High mass and sermon by one
of the priests of the community. Evening
: — Sermon and vespers.
St. Brendan's . Fremont
-Father Nugent.
and
Harrison
, Morning— High mass and sermon.
. mtj— Vespers.
Even-
St. Brlgfd's, Van Ness avenu .• and Broad-
way—Father Cottlr.
Morning— Sermon at the high mass at 11
; o'clock, by Rev. M. Ryan.
Church of Corpus Christ!, Alemany and
Croke streets— Saleslan Fathers.
Morning— High mass and sermon by Father
' a -miiI. Evening— 4 o'clock, vespers, ser-
' mon and benediction.
St. Charles. Twenty-fourth and Shotwell
streets— Father Cummings.
Mornlnp— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
| ing— Vespers and sermon.
St. Dominic's, Bush and Stelner streets-
Rev. Pius Murphy.
Morning— Pennon at the 5 o'clock mass, bv
Father Newell.
t. Francis, Vallejo street and Montgonv '
cry avenue— Father Carraher.
: Evening— Sermon by the
| "Babe of Bethlehem."
rector
on the
All Hallows, Sixteenth avenue and N street
—Rev. V. O' Sullivan.
, Morning— High mass and sermon at 11
, o'clock. Evening— Vespers.
St. .Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and Hayes
street— Jesuit Fathers.
Morning— Sermon by Rev. D. J. Mahoney
Evening — Sermon by Rev. Vincent
' Chlappa.
St .lamfs, Twenty-third and
streets— Father P. R. Lynch.
Guerrero,
Morning— High mass and sermon by one of
the priests of the parish. Evening— Ves-
I'trs. 'benediction and a sermon.
St. Joseph's, Tenth street, near Howard-
Father P. Scanlan.
Morning— High mas=s and sermon by one of
: the priests of the parish. Evening— Ves-
; pens.
St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street— Rev. J. j. Prendergasi
V. G.
Morning— Solemn high mass at .*> and 10-30
■ o clock, with an appropriate address and
music by the full choir. Evening—
, high vespers.
St. Mary's Church, California and Dupont;
streets— Paullst Fathers.
■■K— Sermon by Father KcCorry
, Evening-- .Sulfiiin vesper* and sacred music
1 by a specially augmented choir.
St. Patrick's, Mission street, near Third-
Father Gray.
Morning— Sermon at last mass, by Father
, Lane.
St. • Paul's, Twenty-ninth
streets— Father Connolly.
and
Church
, Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock Even-
'■ ing— Sermon and vespers.
Sts- Peter and Paul. Filbert and Dupont
streets— Salesian Fathers.
Mt.minK— High mass and sermon. Even-
lM- Sermon in Italian by one of the
priest? of the community.
St. Peter's, Alabama street, near Twenti-
fourth— Father P. S. Casey.
j Morning— Sermon on the Gospel. Evening—
: Vespers, benediction and sermon.
St. Rose's, Brannan street, near Fourth-
Father Nugent.
Morning-Beginning at 5 o'clock, mass
every hour until the solemn high mass at
11: special music; sermon at this mass bv
Rev. J. M. Gleason. .
m i iniT i ■ tninuwnwm
St. Teresa's,
Rev. P. C.
Morning— High mass and sermon. Evening
—Vesper?, benediction and sermon.
Our Lady of Victories. Bush street, near Morning— High mass and sermon by one of
Stockton- -Marist Fathers. : the priests of the community. Evenlnz-
I Vespers and sermon-
* * , <" . ...••••
instance of hospital discipline seemed
somewhat uncalled for.
In one case Harold M. Sewall, ex-
Minister from the United States, was
called upon to obtain information of a
man in the hospital. On another occa
sion a young fellow was sent to the
military hospital. We waited four
hours, with a temperature of 103. On a
hard, straight backed bench, in the
heat of a tropical day, he sat outside
the door, with his head resting on his j
hand, suffering, dejected, sick at heart j
and sick in body. Finally he was call
ed in and examined. Then, with this
high temperature he was dismissed
and told to go back to his camp. "Bet
ter take a car," called a kind hearted
steward, who noted that the sick sol
dier sta^erered as he walked slowly
away.
The sun beat down mercilessly upon
him: he was dizzy and his mouth was
parched; the car was coming: he
thought of its slow progress down to
Waikiki, a full half hour's drive; he re
membered the long, hot, dusty walK
wheii the car stopped. And he had just
enough thinking power left to know
that he could not reach his camp. He
went to the Queen's Hospital, and the.t
they took him in.
After a hard tussle one mother's boy
was saved to gladden a home in New-
York; a home thut might have had a
rebellious Thanksgiving day and a
Christmas that was all gloom and dark
ness.
The next day his captain, who had
sent him to the Military Hospital, tele
phoned for information as to the boy's
condition.
"He is getting on well." was the re
ply. "Oh, yes. he is pretty sick, but we
will pull him through."
The boy was lying in a raging fever
on a bed at the Queen's . Hospital at
that moment.
The boys have a horror of the Mili
tary Hospital. They do not like Major
Davis, who has a rough, curt way with
them, and the tales told in camp by
the convalescent patients have not en
couraged them. The hospital has been
overcrowded: men sick unto death have
lain next to men on the road to recov
ery. Men have passed away in crowded
wards, with but a screen to hide their
death struggles from the boys whose
spirits, at best, have been depressed
enough to retard their slow recovery.
Inefficient night nurses, poor food and
the horrors of homesickness have been
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.. SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1898.
the story told by every convalescent.
Still 60 cents a day, extra— over their
regular army rations— has been paid
for each sick man at the Military Hos
pital by the Commissary Department,
where it is declared: "The boys could
even have champagne, if necessary."
At the time when the hospital was
overcrowded one poor sick fellow, after
waiting for hours to be examined, asked
where he was to sleep. "Sleep on your
hat!" was the sympathetic response.
There are other stories told by the
soldiers who have been discharged
cured, and the boys, as they have gone
off in the ambulance to the Military
Hospital, have looked back with a
smile, sadder than tears and said:
"Good-by, fellers, this is the end of
me."
The boys have tried to nurse each
other, and to hide their sick chums.
To save each other from the Military
Hospital has been the prevalent idea.
A young soldier went one day to a
private house and asked manfully and
in a straightforward manner for ice
and for milk. The inhabitants of the
house became interested and auestioned
the soldier. He was nursing his chum,
he explained. When the hospital was
suggested a hunted look, pathetic to
see, came into the boy's eyes. It tola
a tale to his sympathetic listeners.
The favorite doctor of the New York
Regiment was young Ashley, who was
sent home before his r&giment because
of ill health. When he became sick he
went to the Queen's Hospital, where
Major Davis frequently visited him.
When about at the crisis of a bad case
of typhoid fever Major Davis came one
night to take away his nurse. Major
Davis explained that the nurse's serv
ices were needed by a friend of his. The
nurse expostulated at leaving a patient
at such a critical time, but Major Davis
I insisted and took her away to a case
jof whooping cough. There was a storm
:of indignation among the boys, who
loved Dr. Ashley, and Major Davis' ac
tion was universally condemned.
Young Ashley had a relapse. When
| he recovered sufficiently he was taken
i by Mrs. S. G. Wilder, who has a heart
j renowned for its goodness, to her beau
tiful home up Nuuanu avenue. There
with two professional nurses, he was
brought back from the jaws of death
and was finally able to return to his
home.
Justly or unjustly Major Davis is un
popular. There are two sides to every
story and he won't tell his. He is a
young man and he feels the importance
of his position. His duties have been
onerous and he has not been well. He
declines to make any comment or to
give any explanation on the refusal at
his hospital to the Knights of Pythias
to see Granville Wells, and Major
Davis is a member of the order.
The Knights of Pythias have taken
this matter in hand.
JOHN KENSOME.
It is strange, mariame. how godly men
pointed the finger of condemnation at the
stricken poet, putting thf Christian an
athema upon him. Our poor Hermes was
having his Passion and the sight of his
agonies filled the pietists with rapture. In
medieval timeH, still regretted in some
centers of Christian instruction as thy
true ages of faith, there was a sort of
zealots called flagellants, who used to run
madly ov<r Europe, beating themselves—
and murdt-ring the Jews. How little es
sential change has taken place in the re
ligious spirit.
How Heine hated this spirit with a
hatred bequeathed to him by generations
of his hunted and suffering race, that is
to say like a Jew! and he also hated it
like the true Hellene he was; so it took
what revenge it could upon him. The
little German princelings who put up non
conductors on their funny little courts and
castles to dodge the lightnings of his wit
also furnished some diversion in kind.
For this man had written: i
A TREE THAT CAN
GIVE AN ELECTRIC SHOCK
THE most astonishing statement
concerning botany ever made
comes from Professor Leipsic of
the German Forestry Commis-
slon. This is to the effect that
deep in the unexplored Jungles of India
there are several specimens of trees
possessing the quality of giving an
electric shock to any living creature
that touches one of them.
These have been christened- Philoccea
electrica.
Of course a great storm of criticism,
and even doubt, has been hurled at
Professor Leipsic, but he still stands
avenue
Morning— Sermon and high mass at 10:30 <<
o'clock. Evening— Sermon by the pastor. .<
Lobos a'
First Congregational, Post
streets— Rev. G. C. Adams.
and
Mason
Evening— "The Shepherds and the • Magi"; <
: Christmas praise service., ■ ■ !<•','•' <•
<j
Evening— VThe Power and Responsibility of <
the Moral Citizen." .,-.- •• ■ <
Richmond Congregational, Seventh avenue
and Clement street — Rev. P. Coombe.
Evening— "The Power
the Moral Citizen."
Bethany Congregational, Bartlett street,
near Twenty-fifth— Rev. W. C. Pond.
Morning — Services appropriate to Christmas <
at 11 o'clock. <
Bethlehem Congregational, Vermont street,
near Twenty-fourth— Rev. W. H. Tubb.
Morning— "Fear Not, for Behold, I Bring <
You Tidings of Great Joy." Evening— <
'•Glory to God In the Highest and On <
Earth Peace. Good Will Toward Men." <
'. H.
il. Seventeenth and Noe
'. Shepard.
Morning— "Christ Our Labor."
"Christ and Capital."
Evening— <
<
• Third Congresational, Fifteenth street, near
► Mission— Rev. William Rader.
Morning— Special exercises appropriate to <
Christmas. Evening— "Christianity and <
the Higher Emotions." <
Church of the Advent. Eleventh Btreet. near
Market — Archdeacon Emery.
Morning— Holy communion at 7: morning <
prayer (full choir) at 10; choral celt-bra- <
tion and sermon at 11; children's address <
at 7:4:,. <
Grace Episcopal. California and Stockton
streets— Rc-v. R. C. Foute.
Morning — Sermon by the rector on a sub- <
ject appropriate to the day. Evening— <
Special music and sermon. <
St. Luke's, Van Ness avenue and Clay
street.
Morning— Holy communion at 7 and 8 <
o'clock; morning prayer and communion <
at 11. Evening— Evensong and connrma- <
tlon; special music appropriate to Christ- <
mas. <i
»
St. Cornelius Chapel. Presidio Reservation
—Rev. D. O. Kelley.
— — 1 — — ___ _
Morning— Special service for the soldiers. <■
Evening— ami instruction. ., <.
St John the Evangelist, Fifteenth street
near Valencia— Rev. E. B. Spalding.
Morning— Divine service and sermon at 11. <
Evening— Sermon. a
St. Mary the Virgin, Union and Steiner
streets— Rev. H. Parrlsh.
Morning— Mags and holy communion at 7:30 <•
o'clock; high mass and sermon at 11. <.
Evening— Evensong ami sermon at 8. 4
St. Paul's Episcopal, California street,
Flllmore— Rev. W. Maxwell Reilly.
Morning— Communion at 7:30 o'clock, follow- J
ed by litany service and isermon by the 4
rector. Kvenlng— Song service and ser- 2
mon. 4
'rinlty Episcopal. Bush and Gough streets
—Rev. H. C. Cooke.
Morning— Holy communion at 11 o'clock. <«
Evening— Sermon and Instruction. ' 4
Morning— Holy communion 7 o'clock: chll- <$
dren's service 10 o'clock; morning prayer <.
and second i-elebration of the holy com- <.
munion; sermon by the rector. 11 o'clock <;
Evening- Prayer at 7:45 o'clock. ' >.
'w Church, Fulton street, near
lev. E. J. Lion.
- •-■:.
' : ;-/: ■ . ■-■■- - • ■ •
St. Stephen's Mission, 1712 Hayes
Clergy of St. Stephen's Church.
Morning— Sunday school at 9 30 o'clock
Evening— Prayer at 8 o'clock, followed by
sermon.
St. James' Episcopal Mission,
District.
lorning— Prayer and holy communion at 11
o clock and a sermon by clergy of St
Stephen's Church. Evening— Prayer and
sermon at 8 o'clock.
German Evangelical Emmanuel Church,
Twelfth and Stevenson streets— Rev. F
W. Fischer.
Mornlng-"The First Christmas Morning "
Evening— "Christmas Day Lessons."
First English Lutheran. Oeary street, near
Gough— Rev. E. Nelander.
Morning— "Childhood of Jesus," by the rec-
a£ol .P venlnK - " The First Christmas
<8> Central Methodist Episcopal Church, Mi«-
<S> sion street, between Fifth and Sixth—
4> Rev. C. E. Locke.
Morning— 'Does the Testimony of the Cen- <1
turies Verify . the Promise of the ' Angels 4
to^ Bethlehem 1 s, Shepherds?" Evening- %
'\r?«r»'» Christmas Jesus Enshrined in <?
JaUSlo
T 1 .'.. : ' • - - ■- ■ . • .: ■
<*> . . , - |
THE MON TOUCHED THE BRANCHES OF THE ELECTRIC TREE OND WflS INSTfINTLY KNGCKtD DOWN BY A SHOC
"The people have time enough, they are
immortal;
Kings only are mortal."
by his story and says that he knows
what he has seen and that it is the
most wonderful tree in the world.
Herr Leipsic has been in India for
several years and has sent In many
valuable reports, but this last one is
the most startling. He has been most
successful in bringing to light strange
specimens of vegetation.
His lab»rs have been confined to the
primeval forests between the Western
Ghats and the Arabian Sea. Nothing
can be more secret, more silent and
more savage than these inextricable
entanglements of thorns and branches.
"The human spirit has its right and will
not be rocked to sleep by the lullaby of
church bells."— The Philistine.
In wild tropical beauty nothing can
surpass the luxuriance of these un
touched Coory forests as viewed from
the peaks of one of the Ghats. A wav
ing descent of green, broken into ter
races of varying heights, slopes down
ward on every side. Wild animals of
many kinds breed in the jungle and
haunt the grassy glades. The elephant,
the tiger and the leopard, the stately
sambhar deer and the jungle sheep
with a variety of smaller game, afford
adventure to the sportsman.
Professor Leipsic, accompanied by a
small- band of followers, has penetrated
the mysterious forests, and at each
pressure of investigation unknown
wonders have come before his gaze
California Street M. E. Church, California
and Broderlck streets— Frederic C. Lee.
Morning— ''The Old, Old Story." Evening—
"The World's Greatest Need."
Starr King A. M. E. Zion Church. Stock-
ton street, near Clay— Rev. F. Brunn.
Morning— "Christian Hospitality. Even-
ing— "The Coming of Christ the Turning
Point In the World's History."
Fifteenth Avenue M. E. Church, Fifteenth
avenue south and P street— Rev W D
Crabb.
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening-
Sermon and religious instruction.
Grace Methodist Episcopal, Twenty-first
and Capp streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
the rector.
Evening —
Same.
'otrero M. E. Church. T
no streets— S. M. Wood
Morning— Divine services at 11
Evening— Sermon by the rector.
o'clock.
Richmond Methodist. Fourth avenue and
Clement street— Rev. George Baugh.
Morning— Servires at 11 o'clock: Sunday
school at 12:30. Evening— Divine service
at 7:30 o'clock.
Centenary M. E. Church. Bush street, be-
tween Gough and Octavia— Rev. C. R
Riddick.
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening—
Same.
Epworth M. E. Church, Church and Twen-
ty-sixth streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward.
Morning— Sermon by the rector at 11 o'clock
Evening— Sermon, followed by prayer ser-
vice.
Simpson Memorial M.
and Buchanan streets
Church, Hayes
•. J. Stephens.
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening—
same.
t. John's Presbyterian,
tavla streets.
Morning— Sermon by Rev. E. Brown. Even-
. 7 MeetinB of the ch risttan Endeavorers
at 6:30 o'clock.
nue am
kenzie.
urch. Van Ness ave-
Btreet— Rev. R. Mac-
Morning— Sermon by the rector
Sermon by Rev. E. H. Jenks.
Evening-
First United Presbyterian,
avenue and Polk street.
Golden
Gate
Morning— Divine service at 11 o'clock Even-
ing—Sermon and the recital of prayer.
•terian Church, Sanchez and
streets— Rev. R. w. Rey-
Morning— Sermon by Professor Thomas F
Day, D.D of San Anselmo Seminary."
Evening— Same.
Trinity Presbyterian. Twenty-third
Capp streets— Rev. A. N. Carson.
and
Morning— "Lessons a.1 Bethlehem," by the
rector; special music by quartet and choir.
Evening— 'Balancing Accounts"
Howard Presbyterian. Oak and
streets— Rev. F. R. Farrand.
Baker
Mornlng-"Chrlstmas Thoughts"; special
music. Evening— Christmas praise service
and an address by the rector on "The
Face of Jesus."
tewart Memorial U. P. Church C
st., near Twenty-third— Rev W. E.
Corning— "Star of Bethlehem." Evening—
"Nature of Christ's Birth."
Westminster Presbyterian, Page and Web-
ster streets— Rev. S. S. Cryor.
Morning— Christmas music and sermon by
the rector. Evening— Steropticon lecture
Illustrative of the Jewish Tabernacle, by
George C. Needham, the Irish evangelist.
Unitarian, Geary and Franklin streets
tr. Dr. Stebbins.
Morning— Sunday school at 10 o'clock;
morning service at II. Evening— There Is
no evening service.
econd Unitarian, Twentieth and CaDD
streets-Rev. A. J. Wells. PP
Morning— "The Spirit of Jesus In Our Day."
Evening— "The Answer of Life."
'lrst Church of Christ. Scientist, 223 Sut-
ter street-The Bible and Science and
Health, With Key to the Scriptures
Morning— "Christian Science."
Divine Science Church, Native Song-
ling— M. E. Cramer.
Morning— "Jesus, the First Born of Every
Creature."
*. Alban's Episcopal Mission. 625 Sutter
street-Rev. E. J. H. Van Deerlln.
Morning— Service and sermon at 11:15. Even-
ing—Sunday school festival.
Mission, Pacific and Leavenworth
Evening— Sermon by Chaplain Oliver C. Mil-
ler of the eighth California Volunteers.
streets.
r. . M. C. A. Auditorium, * Mason : and Ellis
streets, i
3 p. m. — Interesting address to both men and
' women on "A Wonderful Gift."
In the deep alluvial soil of the forests
the electrical tree was found.
Professor Leipsic had scoffed at the
natives' stories of a tree that killed in
sects and was possessed of the devil,
but when, under the guidance of the
natives, he was at last confronted by
this strange wonder of the vegetable
world he was astonished. He began
an investigation that lasted for weeks.
Under the trees he found hundreds of
dead butterflies and small birds killed
by the electrical current of the tree,
and learned from the natives that birds
never nested upon its branches. When
the dark green leaves of the tree were
touched with the fingers a tiny spark
was emitted and a distinct electrical
shock was felt. Professor Leipsic
found that even at a distance of eighty
feet, the tree had a strong influence
upon the magnetic needle. These mag
netic variations varied according to the
time of day. It was strongest at noon,
but almost entirely disappeared at mid
night. Its electricity also disappeared
in wet weather.
Durmg the time Herr Leipsic was
conducting his investigations the rainy
season set in, and with his own hands
the scientist cut one of the trees down.
The natives could not be persuaded to
approach the tree for love nor money
and single handed Herr Leipsic felled
the tree and dug up th< stump.
His report upon the character of tha
| wood is as follows: "The sapwood ia
j large, and In color greenish white; that
heartwood is of a rich reddish brown
color and is beautifully mottled. The
weight of the wood is eighty-eight
pounds, per cubic foot and it has but
few fiber markings."
When thoroughly seasoned Herr Leip
sic found that the wood was almost
unaffected by alternate dryness and
moisture of the atmosphere, yet it sea
soned well, worked well and took a fine
polish. The tree produces but a small
amount of gum of no commercial value.
The roots and stump of the tree did
not vary from the ordinary tree of lika
class, and Herr Leipsic looked in vain
for some deposit of minerals, which
could explain the peculiar attributes of
this tree. He followed the roots to
their ends and could find no visible ex
planation of the source from which the
tree drew r its current. No tree in tha
neighborhood was possessed of the
characteristics of the electrical tree, yet
in each specimen like the original tree
the same results were obtained, with,
the exception that the strength of the
current varied with the size of the tree.
The tree is small, never reaching more
than twenty-five to thirty-five feet in
height, with a trunk measuring twelve
to eighteen inches in diameter.
In some forms it is found in a low
treelike shrub. The bark of the trunk
is hardly more than a sixteenth of an
Inch thick, with a dark gray surface
thickly covered and roughened with
lenticels. The young branches were
covered with a slightly sticky gum in
the morning, but this was soon dis
sipated by the sun. The leaves are
from three to four inches in length,
rounded at the ends, while the color
is a rich dark green. The tree bears
a small crop of dark berries which,
when young, contain a great deal of
tannin. This, however, disappears
when the fruit is matured. The seeds
in the berries are four in number and
are very hard, with a thickly corru
gated surface. j
Professor Leipsic will rndeavor to ex
port one of the trees, but in the opin
ion of numerous authorities upon Tor
estry the transplanted tree will not
possess its strange characteristics
when taken from its native surround
insrs.
A further investigation of this won
derful tree is looked forward to with
great enthusiasm among the associates
of its discoverer.
It DON'T It
will BE A will
cure BEAST cure
the the
worst worst
case case of
of drug
alcoholism. addiction.
Take the Keeley
There are more than
6000 examples of what
the Keeley has done right
in California. Many of
them were wotse off than
you.
Write for particulars.
THE KEELEY INSTITUTES,
1170 Market Street. San Francisco,
Donohoe Build in*.
Lanliershim Building Third and
Spring St., Los Angeles.
Fred A. Pollock, Manager.