tolume lxxxiii.— xo. 75.
SAN JOSE COUNCILMAN
IS ACCUSED BY A WOMAN
OF ACCEPTING A BRIBE
MRS. SCULLY HAS
PUT JULIUS KRIEG
IN HOT WATER
Makes Affidavit That She Paid
Him in Hard Cash to Put
Her Husband on the
Police Force.
Mr. Dittus Is Left in Bad Odor, and Back
of It All, Like a Rat Scuttling Into a
Sewer, Is the Sinister Shadow
of the "Boss of the
Push."
FAN JOSE, Feb. 12.— 1n an affidavit
made by Mrs. Mary A. Welsh Scully
to-day Councilman Julius Krieg and
his brother, William Krieg, are charged
■with receiving bribes for a position on
the police force of San Jose.
Besides directly accusing these two
men, Mrs. Scully implicates Counoil
man George B. Dfttttt and James W.
Rea, better known as "Jim" Rea, the
"boss" of Santa Clara County, and also
puts the two remaining members of the
-Council, J. P. Fay and William T. Nolt
ing, in a questionable position. John
H. Scully is the officer whose position
•was bought. His wife made the affi
davit because, after she had allowed
him to squander her fortune of $50,000,
and had risked the loss of what little
property remained to her in order to
raise the money to buy him a "star"
on the local force, he had virtually de
serted her and left her and her four
children on the verge of starvation.
To the latter course. Mrs. Scully says.
her hu££>a.L- m led by association
-vith, and through th* influence of
Councilman Krieg. It is in the hope
that Krieg will be punished for his
crime she has thrown fear and caution
to the winds and made public all the
details of the transaction.
Officer Scully, in the presence of the
Chief of Police and The Call's special
correspondent, this afternoon confessed
that he and his wife had procured his
position by the payment of money to
W. C. Krieg, as the agent or partner
of Councilman Krieg. chief Kidward
•was dumfounded over the disclosure
He immediately suspended Scully, and
will lay the matter before the Council
for investigation at the regular meet
ing of that body on Monday night.
Both the Kriegs and v oundiman Dlt- |
tvs deny that they ever received any
money for securing Scully a position
as a policeman. W. C. Krieg admits he
made a bargain with Mrs. Scully to use
his Influence with his brother to se- |
cure Scully a place on the police force, I
but claims that the twenty dollars
promised him was never paid by Mrs.
Scully. Council Krieg says he secured
JOHN H. SCULLY, the Policeman Whose Place Was
Bought by His Wife.
The San Francisco Call
! Scully's star for him simply out of
I friendship.
Whatever the Council may do in this
matter there is a certainty that It will
be brought to the attention of the
Grand Jury for immediate considera
tion. It is very likely that the New
Charter Club will take the case in hand.
While Mrs. Scully was dictating her
affidavit to-day the tears which she
j vainly endeavored to restrain would
now and again well over, and her
words would come in trembling, half
! sobbing tones, as days of anguish and
i suffering were apparently recalled to
| her mind. She lays all the blame for
j the apparent alienation of her hus
; band's affection to the companionship
jof Councilman Krieg. Her most fer
j vent wish, she says, is that Krieg may
I be put in the State's prison, and that
j men like him may never again be
elected to hold office in the city of San
i Jose.
A sad touch of romance runs through
j this story of bribery, cruelty and cor
ruption. Mrs. Scully was a rich wid
ow, with four children, when she mar
! ried John H. Scully about five years
ago. Her first husband, Welsh, left her
i a fortune of about $50,000. nearly all in
■ real estate, on El Dorado street, just
north nf the business center of San
Jose. She has the reputation of being
| extremely generous, and never In the
days of her prosperity refused a re
! quest from a friend for a loan. Be
■ tween her ill-advised liberality and the
■ drains made on her by her youthful
| and good-looking husband, all her
J property is to-day mortgaged up to the
; full limit, and the rents are pledged to
pay the interest on these mortgages.
For this reason Mrs. Scully has of late
been dependent on what her husband
could earn to provide food and cloth
ing for herself and children. Recently,
she says, she has been getting little or
nothing from Scully, whose salary as a
police officer has been $75 a month.
Some days, she stated, she had no mon
ey with which to provide her family
with food.
She charge? that Krieg has been tak
ing her husband into disreputable
SAX FRAXCISCO, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1898-THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
State of California, County of Santa Clara, ss.
Mary A. Welsh Scully, being first duly sworn, deposes and says
that she is a resident of the city of San Jose, and has livad there con
tinuously for twenty-two years. She also further deposes and says:
I am the wife of Police Officer John Scully. John Scully was appointed
as a policeman on January 1, 1897. I am acquainted with Julius Krieg,
Councilman of the Fourth Ward of the city of San Jose. I have known
him for more than six years. During the latter part of December, 1897,
I sold some of my property to Mayor V. Koch for $6000, and while I
■was sick in bed W. C. Krieg called on me and said: "I hear Koch
gave you some money." I told him: "No, he didn't give me any; he
paid all the debts." He then said: "If you can get $150 to give my
brother Julius, he could get your husband on the police force." I asked
him how he could do it. and he said that Julius Krieg would give each
of his men in the Council a piece of money. He said that Dittus and
James W. Rea would get part of the money and they would put Scul
ly's name on the slate. I told him I could not get the money, and he
asked me to go to Mayor Koch and try to get the money. I sent for
Mayor Koch and asked him for the money, and he wanted to know
what I was going to do with the money. I told the Mayor I wanted to
pay a bill, and he said: "No, you don't; you want to pet Scully on the
force." I denied that I wanted the money for that purpose, and Koch
didn't give it to me.
I borrowed from C. J. Menslng, a dry goods clerk, $150 by paying
$25 for getting the money and $5 a month Interest for a year. I got this
money on the Ist day of December, 1896, and on the 28th of Decem
ber. 1896, in my home, in the presence of my husband. I paid to W. C.
Krieg the $150. W. C. Krieg told me he would give the money to his
brother Julius. On February 12. 1897, I saw Julius Krieg. I thanked
Julius for getting my husband on and told him I was sorry I could not
pay the balance. This balance was a note my husband and I signed
at the time I paid W. C. Krieg $150. The original agreement was that
I Bhould pay $150. When they found out we were anxious, they de
manded $50 more.
Julius Krieg then said: "I know you have done the best you could,
and you can pay the note when you can." He further said: "I did not
get all of this money. I didn't get half." W. C. Krieg then got an
order for $13 a month on the treasurer, to be deducted from Scully's
salary- This was repeated for three months, until the note was paid.
W. C. Krieg told me, when he got the money, not to tell It, as it was
a State's Prison offense; that it would be death to me if I told it.
On last Friday I asked George Dittus, a Councilman, how much
of this money he got. and he replied that he received none; that Krieg
got it all. Afterward I saw Mrs. W. C. Krieg and she said Dittus got
half of the money, but that he is afraid to acknowledge it.
I make this affidavit of my own free will, and for the purpose of
having these men punished for their crimes.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 12th day of February. 189*.
[Seal]
-Notary Public In and for Santa Clark Otvaty.vCal. ■-
places and inducing him to spend his
! money there. It is this action on the
part of Krieg and her husband that
induced her to make this sensational
exposure.
Immediately after Mrs. Scully had
; made her affidavit, a copy of it was
taken to the Chief of Police and read
to him. He sent for Officer Scully.
i Scully at first denied all knowledge of
! money having been paid for his posi
| tion, but after all the details of the
' transaction were related and he had
; been cautioned by Chief Kidward, he
admitted that he had signed a note for
$50. which was in part payment of the
$200 that he and his wife had agreed
ito pay for his position. He denied,
however, that he had seen his wife pay
i over the $150 in cash to W. G. Krieg.
His other answers were given in such
a way as to indicate that he was far
from telling "the truth, the whole truth
and nothing but the truth."
He could not recollect when or where
; the note was signed, whether or not his
wife had signed the note with him, or
what had become of the note. When
pressed on the matter he Baid that he
had destroyed the note, after he had
paid it by giving four orders on the
City Treasurer for $13 35 each to W. C.
NEWS OF THE DAY.
Weather forecast . for * San Fran
cisco: Fair on Sunday; fresh north
to west winds. ,
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hoursi
Ban Francisco ......... .64 decrees
Portland 66 degrees
Los Angeles 74 degreoj
San Diego .....S3 degree*
\if FTRST PAGE.
Bribery Scandal at San Jose.
The Confession of a Murder**
SECOND PAGE. ;
Money for the . State Printer.
Wine Men Want Better Price*. -
A Tacoma Murder Mystery
Murder and Suicide at Seattle.
THIRD PAGE.
Surveys for Nicaragua Canal.
Peace Offer to Cuba.
Great Britain In the Far East.
| FOURTH PAGE.
Towne Speaks for Silver.
Big Ocean Steamer Founders.
Lincoln 1 Day at the East.
Germany's Vigorous Foreign Policy.
FIFTH PAGE.
Zola a Lover of Notoriety.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
Wipe Out the Scandal.
The Beauty of a. Figure.
The Financial Issue. *
Business In Sacramento.
StIH Unexplained. !
"With Entire Frankness," by -Henry.
* James. v - -■ . *
SEVENTH PAGE.
Suicide of a Burglar.
EIGHTH PAGE.
The French Cable to Hawaii. '■
Examiner Bunkoes a Murderer. '
Annexatlonlsts Abandon Hope.
Cruel Murder ,at Santa Monica.
Threatened the Chief Companion. r
A Young Woman Stage Struck.
- :<:{ .>.. ■ i NINTH PAGE. .
Lincoln Day 'In ; Lob Angeles. '
Thomas Fitch's ; Great Speech.
TENTH PAGE. ','•
■ Racing at Oakland. '
News Along the Water Front.
: ' ELEVENTH PAGE. ■ ■
Church Services To-day. .
i Spring Valley Will Lose. ■- '
;■-'_ r; FOURTEENTH PAGE. .
'. Commercial ' and > Necrological. ' .
General James Resigns.
Krieg. The last of these orders was
paid on January 21, of this year. He
said that he knew his wife had paid
$150 to W. C. Krieg for his position, as
she had told him so, but he did not
know when or where this money was
paid. He also knew that she had bor
rowed it. Scully made the following
further statement:
"I had the first talk with W. C.
Krieg about securing a position on the
police force in November, 1596. just be
fore the election. I afterward ap
proached Councilman Krieg and said I
would like to get a place on the police
force. He said it depended on who got
elected as members of the council. He
would then see how things stood. 1
next paw W. C. Krieg in his shop
after election. He said there was a
pretty hard crowd elected and that it
would take money for a fellow to get
in. He said it would take about $150.
He did not mention any names, but
said that parties up town would have
to have it. I was also present at my
house when W. C. Krieg spoke to my
wife about this matter."
Chief Kidward was rendered almost
speechless by the revelations to which
he was a listener. When the interview
with Scully waa over and the latter had
NEWS OF THE DAY.
FOURTEENTH PAGE.
Lux Had Money to Burn.
Births, Marriages and Deaths.
FIFTEENTH PAGE.
A Famous Telephone Decision.
News From Across the Bay.
SIXTEENTH PAGE.
Music at the Mining Fair.
Burglars in a Bonded Warehouse.
Mass Meeting In the Mission.
Testing Car Fenders.
SEVENTEENTH PAGE.
A San Francisco Girl in Madrid Dur
ing the Demonstrations Against
America.
EIGHTEENTH PAGE.
Searching in Babylonia for Civiliza
tion's Dawn.
What Two Great Nations Think of
Each Other.
NINETEENTH PAGE.
Villainous Treachery of Chinese
Soldiers.
TWENTIETH PAGE.
Latent Method of Teaching the
Toung.
Mysterious Photograph Taken at a
Ministers' Picnic.
TWENTY-FIRST PAGE.
Defending the American Flag on
Clipperton Island.
TWENTY-SECOND PAGE.
Books.
TWENTT-THIRD PAGE.
Hard Luck Stories of Our Best
Known Artiste.
TWENTY-FOURTH PAGE.
Society.
TWENTY-FIFTH PAGE.
Fashions.
TWENTY-SIXTH PAGE.
Boy*' and Girls' Page.
TWENTY-SEVENTH PAGE.
Theaters.
TWENTY-EIGHTH PAGE.
Schools.
Fraternal News.
TWENTY-NINTH PAGE.
Imperial San Bernardino.
THIRTIETH PAGE.
Personal News.
THftRTY-FIRST PAGE.
Monuments Left by Adolph Sutro.
Commercial.
THIRTY-SECOND PAGE.
Los Angeles Will Exhibit.
Mines and Mining.
Whist.
CONFESSES TO
SAVE A FRIEND
FROM THE NOOSE
C. M. RAYMOND, the Murderer Who Has Confessed.
left the Chiefs private office. Chief
Kidward expressed himself as follows:
"I didn't know the first thing about
this. It was a cloudburst to me. The
only thing I knew was about the col
lecting of the money by W. C. Krieg. I
thought he was simply collecting money
for some work done for Scully. I col
lect the money for the whole depart
ment from the City Treasurer, and
these orders are a check against the
men's salary, which I generally pay. I
remember the payment of two of these
orders to W. C. Krieg. The first order
was left with the City Treasurer, and
I think wh<>n I called for the money
they gave me the order as part of
Scully's salary. The second order was
presented to me by W~. C. Krieg. He
brought the order in here and I paid
it to him and kept it out of Scully's
salary."
Chief Kidward th<=>n paid the fol
lowing tribute to Scully as an officer:
"As far as Scully personally in con
cerned he has been a number 1 offi
cer. He has shown himself to be ex
ceedingly bright, and for a new man
has done remarkably good work. I
expected good work from him, but he
far_exceeded my expectations. He
always proved himself faithful, willing
and energetic."
At the close of th« Interview the
Chief gave the order for the immediate
suspension of Officer Scully pending an
investigation before the City Council.
The Chief evidently regretted to take
this course, but said he had to act
promptly in order to protect himself
and the police force as a whole from
unfavorable criticism. He added that
he would lay the matter before the
Council on Monday night.
In the course of his interview Scully
said he could not place his hands oa
any of the orders or the note given to
W. C. Krieg. but the last order paid
by Chief Kidward was secured. It
readfe as follows:
San Jose. March 25. 1597.
j N Ewing. Treasurer City of San
Jose- Please pay to W. C. Krleg. on or
der, thirteen 35-100 dollars ($13.35) and de
duct the same from my salary for the
month of July, 1897, and oblige.
(Signed) JOHN SCULLY.
This bears the "O. K." of Scully and
a penciled memorandum shows it was
paid on January 21. 1898. Across the
face of it, at right angles to the writ-
Ing of the order, is written in large
characters in what is evidently the
handwriting of W. C. Krieg, the word
"Paid." Under this is the signature of
Krieg.
W. C. Krieg denied that he had been
a party in any way to securing a place
for Scully on the police force by the :
payment of money to his brother, the ;
Councilman, or any other Councilman. '
He denied that he had ever been paid i
any money by Mrs. Scully for securing ■
a place for her husband. His explana- ;
tlon of the transaction he had had with
the Scullys is as follows: "The note
for $50 was for work I did in repairing
their pump and for some borrowed
money. They can say what they want, j
but let them prove it."
"Why should Mrs. Scully make these
charges?" he was asked.
"I can't say why. I had talked with i
Scully, and had agreed to help him. ■
She agreed to give me $20 if I would ;
use my influence to get her husband on \
the force, and I spoke to my brother
about him. but she never paid me the •
$20. To show you the feeling that ex
ists between Mrs. Scully and myself. I \
must tell you of some of the business
transactions that took place between '
us. Since the time she promised to pay
me that $20 I did some repairing on her :
steam pump, and bought some old win- ;
dows that she had. I wanted them to !
build a green house. When my wife
asked her what the windows were
worth, Mrs. Scully said let it go for
the $2". as she wanted to pay her debts. |
Now she wants pay for the glass, and I j
will pay her whatever the glass is i
worth, if she will pay for the repair |
work on the pump. I can show that j
the note was given for work done, but
it will mean considerable work over my
books.
"Mrs. Scully was the first to speak \
about getting her husband a position
on the police force. This was a few
months earlier than December, 1396.
She said she thought Johnnie would
make a good police officer. After that ;
%ye had frequent conversations about !
it."
Councilmen Krieg and Dittus, who
are boon companions and can always
"be found together, when they are not
attending to public or private business,
were seen together at one of their fa
vorite haunts on Market street. They
made a joint denial of the charges
gworn to by Mrs. Scully. Then Krieg
Continued on Second Paga.
THE ACCUSED COUNCILMEN.
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
SAYS HURT
WINTERS IS
INNOCENT
C. M. Raymond Tells
. of the Killing at
Baden.
Admits His Guilt and lith
plicates Ex-Convict
Willetts.
Himself the Man Who Fired
the Shot That Slew-
Andrews.
WANTS JUSTICE DONE.
The One Whom Ho Exonerate*
Already Sentenced to Death,
on the Gallows.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 12.— C. M. Ray
mond, alias Moore, who is now in Fol
som prison, and who is to be hanged
on the Bth day of April for the murder
of Fred Andrews in a hotel at Baden,
San Mateo County, has made a full and
complete confession. He exonerates
Winters and implicates a man by the
name of Willets. To-night's Bee has
the following statement of the con
fession:
"On last Monday Moore sent for
Warden Aull. saying he was anxious to
see him upon important business. It
was a wet, dismal day, and this, per
haps, may have led him to think of
his crime. When Warden Aull arrived
at the cell Moore told the Warden that
he wanted to confess to the murder,
and asked the Warden to send for
Brother Chisholm, the prison chaplain.
Warden Aull told him that he would
send for Brother Chisholm, but that the
chaplain generally came over on Sat
urday.
Moore said that he could not wait
that long. Warden Aull then said h«
would see how soon he could get
Brother Chisholm and telephoned to
the chaplain, who answered he would
try to get over from Auburn the next
day. The warden was very busy, hav
ing other matters to attend to, and told
the chaplain he could not see him on
Tuesday.
Warden Aull then went to Moore
that same evening and told him that
Chisholm would not be over until Sat
urday. Moore still insisted that he
could not wait that long.
The condemned man said that he and
Winters went to Baden one week prior
to the shooting and examined the
building. They then went back to San
Francisco, where Moore procured a re
volver from Winters. Later, Moore
said, he met Willets, who was an ex
convict, and together they returned to
Baden. While there, Moore said, he
met Winters in Holy Cross Cemetery
and got another pistol from him. W*il
lets and Moore that night entered Fer
riter's Hotel for the purpose of com
mitting the burglary.
"Some one who was at the head of
the stairs," said Moore, "saw us and
threw me down stairs. The noise at
tracted several other roomers, wtio ap
peared on the scene. At the foot of
the stairs I looked up and saw several
people struggling with Willets, when I
shot four times."
Warden Aull asked Moore what Win-,
ters was doing In Baden at that time.2
if he was not implicated in the mur
der. Moore said he was there for the
purpose of robbing the paymaster of
the Western Meat Company, who was
to pay off the men at the slaughter
house the next day. Warden Aull asked
him if Winters knew that Moore and
WUlets wore going to commit the burg
lary, and he replied that he did.
Harry Winters Is under sentence to
be hanged on the same scaffold with
Moore on April s.
COUNCILMAN
ACCUSED OF
Continued from First Page.
told how he came to secure the posi
tion for Scully."
"John Scully is a friend of mine." he
said, "and I believed he would make
a good officer and eventually a detect
ive. He first spoke to me about get
ting on the police force in November,
I^<n. He said he could get nothing else
to c]o, and his wife was getting short
of money, and he thought he would do
the square thing by her. Scully helped
me out in my fight and I considered
him entitled to some of the honors that
•were to be distributed, and this is why
I got him the place. My brother also
asked me to help Scully out as much
as I could, and I said I intended to do
bo. My brother never paid me a cent
that he received from Mrs. Scully. I
don't know that he ever got any money
from her to pay to me."
MURDERS HIS WIFE
AND ATTEMPTS SUICIDE.
Crime of an Ogden Man Enraged by
the Filing of Divorce Pro
ceedings.
OGDEX, Feb. 12.— John Douglas of Op
den shot and killed his wife, Emma
Douglas, at the house of her parents in
Huntsville. about fifteen miles from
here, at 4 o'clock this afternoon. The
alleged cause of the trouble is a lover
over whom the couple parted last March.
About two months ago they became rec
onciled and Douglas went to Wyoming to
work, returning yesterday, just in time to
be served with a summons ot divorce
proceedings begun by hi* wife. He said
lie would settle that matter, and procur
ing a shotgun drove to Huntsville. His
wife was not at the home of her parents,
Inn at the home of an early lover. Doug
las drove down and got her and brought
Yipt hack to her parents. They had a
wordy war en route, and when he got
out of the buggy he took out the gun.
"i '"ward, you dare not shoot!" she ex
claimed.
He fired, the charge entering the left
Fide of her face and blowing the top of
lit^r head off.
A large nuirfher of people gathered, but
Pouglns held them off while he attempted
to take his own life -with the shotgun,
but succeeding in only burning his face.
When th" pun was empty he was arrest
ed and brought to Ogden.
WITH ALL DUE
MILITARY HONORS.
The Body of Ensign Breckinridge Is
Wrapped in an American Flag
and Shipped From Havana.
HAVANA, Feb.l2.— The body of Ensign
J. C. Breckinridge, who was carried over
board from the American torpedo boat
Cushing as the vessel was entering the
harbor yesterday, and who died shortly
after b.-ing taken from the water, has
been embalmed. After being embalmed
the body was wrapped in an American
flag and placed in a coffin. This afternoon
the remains were embarked in a boat and
carric-d on board the steamer Seneca,
They were accompanied by the. comrades
of the dead officer and were given mili
tary honors.
Captain-General Blanco, immediately
upon learning •of Ensign Breckinridge's
death, sent a message of condolence to
United States Consul-General Lee, and
through the Consul-General to Captain
Bigsbee of the Maine and the other offi
cers of that ship and the Cushing, and of
fering facilities for the return of Breck
lnridge's body to the I'nited States. Gen
eral Blanco has ordered that provisions
and all other supplies for the Maine shall
be delivered without interference by cus
tom house officials.
HILBORN AND THE
DEFECTIVE SHELLS.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 12.— Congressman
Hilborn of California, a member of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, after a care
ful Investigation of the report that nearly
If not quite 50 per cent of the shrapnel
tested at the Presidio last Wednesday
and Thursday were found to be defective,
believes there is a "nigger in the wood
?i!e" and has prepared the following reso
ution, which he will introduce on Mon
day:
"Whereas, Knowledge has come to the
ordnance bureau of the War Department
that at a recent trial of ammunition made j
at the Presidio of Sari Francisco, Cal., a j
large part of the shrapnel shells furnished i
by private contractors were found to be j
unserviceable.
"Resolved, That the Military Affairs
Committee of the House of Representa
tives be directed to investigate and report
the facts in the case and if possible lo
cate tho blame."
Hilburn is determined to probe the mat
ter to the bottom and has received from
Chairman Hull of the Committee on Mili
tary Affairs assurance that he will have i
his" hearty eti-operation in this investiga
tion. J
ADVERTISEMENTS.
America's GreatißsTlWcine
Greatest, Because in
cases of Dyspepsia
it has a touch like
magic, which just
hits the spot brings
relief to the sufferer,
and gives tone and
strength to the
stomach as no other
medicine does.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
If you are Buffering from dyspepsia j saparilla at once. Be sure to get «nly I $1; six for $5. C. I. Hood & Co., Lnw-
or any other disease due to impurity nf , Hood's. j ell. Mass. America's Greatest Medi-
the blood you should take Hood's Sar- > t clue.
FINDS FOR THE
STATE PRINTER
Office at Sacramento May
Soon Resume Op-
erations.
Secretary Brown Believes There
Is a Way to Bring This
About.
Governor Budd Says Means Would
Be Found tc Meet Any Pos
sible Contingency.
Special Dlepntch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 12.— The possi
bility of the State printing office being
provided with funds sufficient to enable
the State printer to resume operations
has again arisen. Secretary of State
Brown, in speaking of the matter, said
to-night to The Call correspondent:
"I have hopes of providing some
means by which the State printing
office will be enabled to open again with
a sufficient force to meet the require
ments naturally following the semi
annual publication of various State re
ports.
"I have had a short talk with the
Attorney-General, and believe that he
favors some way out of the present dif
ficulty. The regents of the State Uni
versity stand ready to advance $200,
000 to the fund of the State Printing
Office, provided some legal and proper
procedure can be arranged. Should
Governor Budd sanction the proposi
tion I feel quite certain that the State
Printing Office will again be opened."
Governor Budd said, when spoken to
concerning this project:
'"Several months ago the Attorney-
General and I discussed the matter,
and at that time came to the under
standing that when the necessity arose
there might be some steps taken to
ward providing for it. I have no doubt
of being able to find means which will
meet the contingency when it arises.
The various boards and institutions
throughout the State have been getting
along very nicely, and a great saving
has been made in the use of the mimeo
graph. Lessons in economy have been
taught, to the great saving of the
State's funds.
"I see no reason for altering the pres
ent advantageous system until the ab
solute necessity arises. When the Leg
islature convenes it can order the
printing of whatever reports it deems
necessary, and until then I do not see
the necessity of providing for a great
demand until we are sure that such a
demand exists. We are getting along
very well, indeed, and I am hearing no
complaints from the State institutions
on the question of their printing, and
1 am quite certain that no particular
fault is being found by the people who
foot the bills."
DISTRESS IN IRELAND
REACHES ITS CLIMAX.
Many Doomed to Die of Starvation
Unless Belief Is Given
at Once.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12— A npeclal cable
to the World frrnn Dublin says: The dis
tress in Ireland has rrached an acute
phase; yet Chief Irish Secretary Balfour
has consented only under pressure from
Irish members of Parliament *o adopt en
tirely inadequate measures of relief. Wil
liam* Phillips, an Englishman owning
large estates in West Ireland, where he
is magistrate for several counties, and
who is a political supporter of the present
government, gives the following appall
ing description of the condition of af
fairs there:
"Knowing probably better than any
other Englishman the people of West Ire
land, I am deeply disappointed to find
Gerald Balfour's answer to the Trish
members so very unsatisfactory. From
my own personal knowledge I can assure
the Worlds readers that no words I could
use would adequately describe the fear
ful state of misery and destitution in
which from no fault of their own, they
are now placed. Unless many are to die
of starvation, immediate relief is imper
atively demanded."
Mrs. Plyler Taken to Santa Cruz.
SAX JOSE, Feb. 12.— Mrs. George F.
Plyler, who was arrested last night, was
taken to Santa Cruz this afternoon by
Sheriff Besse. She was indicted by tho
Grand Jury there on a charge of com
plicity in the maiming of Charles Harris.
Mrs. Plyler made no attempt to-day to
procure the $5000 bonds demanded for her
release.
Aiding a Colonization Venture.
SALINAS, Feb. 12.— The Board of Su
pervisors, in session this week, made an
allowance of $1000 to the Citizens' Colo
nization Society of San Francisco on be
half of the Salvation Army colony at
Soledad. Ex-Mayor Ellort made the ap
peal on behalf of the committee.
, Gladstone's Special Disease.
LONDON, Feb. 12.— The Saturday Re
view bean on good authority that Mr.
Gladstone is suffering from special com
plaint. Some of the specialists call it
necrosis of the bone of the nose and
others fear cancer.
The following statement illustrates
the success of Hood's Sarsaparilla in
curing dyspepsia:
"Adelphi, lowa, Dec. 31, 1897.
"C. I. Hood & Co., Lowell, Mass.
"Dear Sirs: One warm day several
years ago I overdid and taxed my
nerves severely. When I went to din-
ner I ate rapidly and overloaded my
stomach. Gases collected in my
stomach and from that time on my
trouble gradually grew worse, eventu-
ally culminating in
Nervous Dyspepsia.
My stomach -became so weak and my
digestion so poor that It failed properly
to feed the system and my whole body
became filled with aches and pains. A
miserable despondency came over me
and forebodings of some terrible calam-
ity broke my rest and made me a phy-
sical wreck. I consulted ■& physician,
but received little encouragement. Oc-
casionally I resorted to a mild cathar-
tic, but my condition remained about
the same until I made up my mind I
must do something or my life would
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1898.
LABORING FOR
BETTER PRICES
Wine Growers Meet in
Conference at St.
Helena.
Urged by Speakers to Lend
Their Support to the
Corporation.
Henry J. Crocker of San Francisco
Presided Over the Large
Gathering.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. HELENA, Feb. 12.— A big meet
ing was held here to-day by the Wine
Makers' Corporation for the purpose
of conferring with the producers with
a view to strengthening the organiza
tion. The meeting was arranged by
Charles A. Wetmore of Stockton and J.
R. Miller of Sonoma, the committee ap
pointed to conduct this work in the in
terest of the corporation. The morn
ing train from San Francisco brought
Henry J. Crocker, president, and W. J.
Hotchkiss, manager of the corporation.
The meeting was held in the town
hall at 1 o'clock this afternoon, and
was largely attended, men being pres
ent from Napa, Pope and Chiles val
leys, Yountville, Oakvllle, Rutherford,
Calistoga and other parts of the coun-
try.
Seneca Ewer called the meeting to
order, and Henry J. Crocker was elect
ed chairman, and Senator C. L. Larue
secretary. Air. Crocker outlined the ob
jects of the meeting, saying that the
corporation was endeavoring to procure
80 per cent of the wines now outside of
the association and corporation.
"With this amount added to what had
already been pledged, the growers
would be enabled to control the market
and again name and receive fair prices
for wine. There were many outside the
corporation, he said, who were wanted
because by united action the producers
could have control of the situation, and
the support of these outsiders was nec
essary to the success of the movement.
W. J. Hotchkiss reviewed the history
of the corporation, telling what it had
done and its objects. He spoke of the
urgent necessity of the producers
standing together in order to place the
market on a secure foundation. The
men outside tlfe corporation who sold
to the association were, he said, fur
nishing ammunition with which to fight
the growers.
Resolutions were passed commending
the action of the corporation in its ef
forts to protect the wine men against
unnecessary losses, and declaring that
its projects are entitled to serious con
sideration and immediate attention.
Speeches strongly* favoring the cor
poration and its efforts to win over
additional men were made by Charles
A. Wetmore, J. R. Miller, S. Ewer, H.
W. Crabb, C. N. Pickett, C. L. Larue
and Henry Lange.
Messrs. Wetmore and Miller will re
main in the valley for several days
personally interviewing the growers
and urging them to unite with the
corporation;
HOLLISTER CAPITALIST
ENDS LIFE WITH POISON.
Rancher Joseph H. Ringot Found
Dead in a Cart in His
Field.
HOLLISTER, Feb. 12.— Joseph H. Rin
got, a wealthy resident of Hollister, was
found dead in a cart in his field at noon
to-day. An empty -ottle, which had con
tained carbolic acid, was evidence of sul
ciae. The mouth was badly burnu.
Ringot was 82 years of age. For many
years he was a pioneer shipbuilder in San
Francisco. Twelve years ago ho sold his
business there and invested in farming
property, from which he derived a large
income. Within the last three months he
invested in aduitional property. It had
been his custom to drive into the field and
doze in his cart. A colored farmhand
heard him groaning, but supposed he was
snoring. Two hours later he was found
dead.
No motive can be assigned for the sui
cide, as Ringot was actively planning im
provements on his property. He leaves
an estate valued at $250,000.
Winners at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 12.— Weather
fine; track good.
Seven furlongs, selling, Pat Morrlssey
won, Colonel Gay second, Elkln third.
Time, I:3OVi.
Six furlongs, selling. Little Music won,
Mr. Easton second, Bertha Nell third
Time, 1:24%.
% Handicap, six furlongs, Tabouret won,
Dorah "Wood second, Queen Mab third
Time, 1:16^.
The Bayonet stakes, $1000, 2-year-old
fillies, half a mile. May Hempstead won,
May Beach second, Dolly Regent third
Timf\ :50.
Mile and a sixteenth, Robert Bonner
won. Royal Choice second, Vannessa
third. Time, 1:61%,
Selling, six furlongs, Harry Leo won
Stanza second, Alkyris third. Time'
1:1634.
soon be ended. At this time Hood's
Sarsaparilla was brought to my atten-
tion and after the first bottle
The Good Effects
were so far beyond my expectations
that I continued Its use and received
great benefit from it. I find that the
good it did me is permanent, and now
whenever I am feeling sluggish and
bad, I get a bottle of Hood's Sarsa-
parilla and take it and it sets me righi.
I am 68 years old and can do a fair
day's work. Hood's Sarsaparilla has
been a great blessing to me and the
gratitude I feel for 'it ha sincere. I
cheerfully recommend it to the afflicted
I find it relieves aches and pains and
gives strength as old age advances.
"S. G. DEATON."
No More Dyspepsia.
KELSEYVILLE, Cal.— "Two years
ago my mother was troubled very much
with dyspepsia and began taking
Hood's Sarsaparilla. Before ,the first
bottle was gone the disease had almost
left her, and since taking three bottles
she has not been troubled with it at
a ll -" EARL, AKERS.
FIND EVIDENCE
OF A MURDER
Boys Discover a Corpse
in a Wood Near
Tacoma.
Officials Believe It Is That of
Alfred Cushing of San
Francisco.
Slayers Had Removed All Evidence
Which Might Lend to an
Identification.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
TACOMA, Feb. 12.— Tacoma has a
murder mystery. The victim was klllr-d
nearly two months ago, and the body
concealed in the woods four miles south
of the city, near Fern Hill. Everything
which could afford the slightest clew
to his identity was removed with one
exception, and that clew leads the Cor
oner and police to believe that the man
came from San Francisco. It consists
of a stamp in his soft black hat, which
shows that it was procured at the San
Francisco Hat Works, at 111 Fourth
street, in that city.
Alfred Gushing, who came from San
Francisco in November, is missing.
His description tallies with that of the
body found last night, except that
Cushing wore gray clothes when last
seen, while the murdered man was
dressed in a new suit of black diago
nal cloth. Cushing was ; oing out near
Fern Hill looking for land, which
strengthens the belief that he may be
the murdered man.
The body was found last evening by
boys, but was not recovered until to
day. It lay on its back, with the hands
stretched out by its side. The dead
man wore a sack coat, light striped
shirt, celluloid collar and four-in-hand
scarf.
Beneath the vest was a short knitted
brown wool jacket. His pockets con
tained a black silk handkerchief, $9 33
in silver, some cartridges, a bottle half
full of whisky and a carpenter's fold
ing rule. He was five feet six inches
tall, weighed lfiO pounds and was from
30 to 35 years old. His teeth may afford
a means of identification, being pecu
liar in that an extra tooth protruded
through the roof of his mouth just to
the right of the center of his lower jaw.
One lower tooth was decayed to the
roots and two upper teeth were miss
ing. All his clothing was new and of
good quality, including underclothing
and shoes. Ten feet away was found
a cheap small caliber revolver. His
pockets bear evidence that all papers
had been removed from them.
Everything indicates that the stran
ger was murdered by having his throat
cut, for his windpipe was completely
severed. Rodents and insects had
gnawed at his face and neck, but care
ful examination shows that no bullet
had entered his hoad or body. Blood
had run down his body, which it would
not have done had he committed sui
cide and died on the spot.
The police are working on several
theories, being inclined to believe that
he was murdered for his money and
carried into the bushes by the mur
derers, who removed his letters and
papers, placing a whisky bottle and re
volver near by to indicate suicide. The
leaving of a little money in his pockets
would also tend to divert suspicon.
Alfred Cushing, who came here in No
vember, rented a room on Taooma ave
nue until February 20. He returned
from one land-hunting expedition, and
started out on another shortly before
Christmas, intending to- start a chick
en ranch, v. hen he found the right lo
cation. The fact that he has not re
turned has aroused suspicion, and it
will not be surprising if he and the
dead man are found to be identical.
Whether he has relatives in San Fran
cisco is not known, as his room con
tains absolutely nothing that reveals
who his friends were.
The remains were buried this after
noon.
PNEUMONIA CAN
NOW BE CURED
An Important Discovery Made
by Two Brooklyn
Physicians.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12.— Considerable
discussion has been caused among mem
bers of the medical profession by news
of the discovery by two physicians of the
Borough of Brooklyn of a remedy which
they believe will cure the dre;id disease
pueumonia. Dr. Charles Lundbeck and
Dr. Carl Elfstrom, who have worked to
gether in developing this cure, are posi
tive that it will be a success. Dr. Lund
beck has the greatest faith in the cure,
and while he hag tested it on only half
a dozen patients the results fully satisfy
him that he has a method which will
revolutionize the treatment of pneumonia.
Dr. Lundbeck at his home *o-night said:
"There is not the slightest danger at
tached to the treatment, and it is pain
less. No drugs are used. I simply draw
a quantity of blood from the patient. The
amount is determined by the condition
of the patient. To give an idea of the
Quantity I may say that it is very small,
about fifty grammes, or little more than
one ounce and a half, in most cases. This
blood is prepared by a process in which
heat as well as time is a factor in pre
paring the serum. It 1h prepared in a
vessel something like an incubator. It
takes several hours to prepare it and It
is then hypodermically injected into the
patient.
"In one cose where the patient's Tungs
were solid and she had the greatest dif
ficulty in breathing the lungs began to
melt in ten or twelve hours, and she is
now fully restored to health. There is
no secret about the method. It is simply
as to the preparation of the serum that
we have had mainly to experiment. The
I serum acts in making the bacilli harm
! less and that is what effects the cure.
As soon as I have perfected all the meth
ods I will inform members of my profes
sion. There, is no desire to keep any
thing seem. It will be for the good of
humanity."
MORRISON'S SALARY
MATERIALLY REDUCED.
Justice Wallace Decides the Case of
the San Jose Street Superin
tendent.
SAN JOSK, Feb. 12.— Justice Wallace to
day decided . that George M. Morrison is
Street Superintendent and not Street
Commissioner, and consequently is en
titled to' draw- a salary of only $100 a
month under the new charter. This deci
sion was rendered in a suit brought on a
claim assigned from Morrison to recover
$125 a month salary.
Morrison was chief deputy iinder Street
Commissioner Bennett, and at the lat
ter's death was appointed Jiis successor.
Under the old charter there was the office
of Street Commissioner, but when Morri
son was appointed to the vacancy the
new charter was in effect, and the office
of Street Superintendent had been creat
ed with a salary of $100 a month. In the
meantime Morrison presented a claim
for $125 each month, which the Council
refused to allow.
KLONDIKE KING
SHOT TO DEATH
Hector C. Bollong Mur
dered by a Former
Friend.
Tragedy at Seattle Followed by
the Suicide of the
Slayer.
Were Partners and Boon Compan
ions, but Quarreled Over Prop
erty Rights.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Feb. 12.— Hector C. Bol
long, one of the men that made small
fortunes in the golden Klondike last
year, was murdered this morning. The
deed was done by his former boon com
panion, Andrew S. Annan, who then
turned the revolver to his own head
and blew out his brains.
The two men were friends in Schuy
ler, Nebr., and came to Seattle in 1888.
Bollong invested considerable money
in tide land property, improved it,
went into the cattle business and later
took Annan in as a partner. The prop
erty became involved In litigation and
Bollong and Annan quarreled as to
whether or not they should fight the
case in the courts. Annan refused to
put up any money for the litigation.
Bollong spent considerable, and the
outcome of the case was a partial vic
tory for the two men. Bollong in
sisted that Annan put up his share of
the court expenses, but Annan persist
ently refused.
A year ago came the Klondike ex
citement and Bollong went north,
leaving his parents to represent him
in the property. Annan lived With
them in a house on the dispuieu
land. Bollong had hardly been out of
the city when Annan began a series
of unsuccessful efforts to abtain sole
possession of the land. While he was
engaged in this effort Bollong re
turned from the north. He had pushed
over the passes, entered the land of
pebbly gold and obtained possession of
claims that are now admitted to be
worth $75,000.
Annan continued his efforts to get
the land, and one day recently, meeting
Bollong in the streets, he accused him
of crooked work in connection with the
litigation. Yesterday they met again.
Hot words followed, and when they
separated Bollong remarked to a friend
that Annan was "a little off."
Last night Bollong retired at about
11 o'clock. W. B. Williams, an old
friend, stayed with him. Annan, who
was still a member of the household,
occupied a room opposite that of his
former friend. This morning, when
Bollong left his bedroom to go down
stairs, Annan stepped out, revolver in
hand, and commenced to fire.
Three bullets took effect and the un
fortunate victim staggered into the
kitchen, dying a few minutes after
ward in the arms of his parents.
As he was breathing his last another
shot was heard in Annan's bedroom.
Investigation showed that the mur
derer had taken his own life.
Bollong leaves a father, mother,
three brothers and four sisters to
mourn his death. Two of his brothers
live in Fairhaven, this State, and the
other in San Bernardino County, Cal.
Two of his sisters live in this city and
the other two in California. All of his
sisters are married except one.
Annan is believed to have had rela
tives in Schuyler, Nebr.
SEEKS DEATH FOR
HERSELF AND BABE.
With Her Child in Hot Arms, an
Insane Woman Jumps Into
the Sacramento.
TUBA CITY, Feb. U.— Drs. T. P. Peery
5 DAYS MORE. 5
ONLY FIVE DAYS MORE
', •.-■ : v., .■•■■•. - .■■ - . > ■-. ;■• ■ % - ■ . '
Iq wbich you n)ay . order SCRIBNER'S HISTORY OF THE UNITED
STATES as offered by THE CALL at n)ore tban i 40 PER CENT DISCOUNT
fron) the regular price.
|j^^^^MßgjgMM«|mgm^|)ai| IF ORDERED NOW you get
SMBHPtJ^^ 1 the $30 set, cloth, for only
Pi^SlsS^^^^^^f^^^ll $17 50 ' and tbe $42.50 set >
Ipcwßice^ scrwneß-S sc«»HEits scribne^ scr, B ne^ |T#^ n FTH £ 1 I alf Morocco, for Only $26,
I««WTraSTATtSUN ITtDSTATtS«N1 TtD5TATtS«N ( TEOT E0S rAT«SUNITEnSIi«« SU^l> states J ftp* tf^ ft I oija C " c very easy payn)entof
I I UNI^ £{1 ONLY $1.50 DOWN and $2 per
I J-jS montl} for 8 months; l)alf
I volume i ' vovuheii «■*» wutie'iv Auffltv B . £j|j Morocco $2 and 8 n)or)thly
I ;|l payments of $3 each.
l\ l§ REMEMBER, "The Call"
|| I y^f^M caonot possibly !et you h)ave
1 I^^^^HBl a set at S 9 reat discount
I I after FRIDAY, February 18,
||^»ibhc»s i^'9".^^i^i^i i^^g faßae^j mK^B^BBBj CLOSING DAY
5 Massive Volumes. 1600 Illustrations. :; CoiT)e to ROOM 1208, CALL
BUILDING, and «xan)ine U)is worK, or pbone" Davis 861," giviog your
name and address, and we will send a set to you for examination.
NOTICE TO OUT-OF-TOWN READERS.
State binding preferred and. we will send you a complete set on
approval AT OUR EXPENSE. Return if not wanted— it costs you nothing.
This Is an Opportunity of a Lifetime I Don't Miss It I
OPEN EVENINGS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL HISTORY DEPARTMENT ,I2OB GLAUS SPREGKELS BLD6.
S=DAYS MORE.^S
ADVERTISEMENTS. \
ANNUAL CLEARANCE SALE
I
UPHOLSTERY DEPARTMENT. FURNITURE DEPARTMENT.
°^2i£&MSB»?..... ..•....*« per yard Great Reductions. We quote for example:
DURING SALE $1.50 \
„ . ._^ SPPI , V Olt J, 1 Mahogany CHINA CLOSET— !
50-inch DRAPERY SILK- _ _ „„, , a , Regular price $SO-W
Regular price ..\...52.50 per yard fc v niroTur cur (too nn
DURING SALE $1.25 DURING SALE $28.00
50-inch DRAPERY SILK— 1 Mahogany CHINA CLOSET-
Regular price...... 75c to $1.10 per yard Regular price $75.00
DURING SALE 40c DURING SALE $48.00
INDIA SILKS— . ' M , 1 Quarter Sawed Oak CHINA CLOSET—
Regular price...... 75c to $1.00 per yard Regular price $40.00
DURING SALE 40c DURING SALE $18.00
FURNITURE COVERINGS - Immense , Quarter Sawed Oak CHINA CLOSET-
assortment: regular price. oOc per yard Regular price $48.00
DURING SALE 30c DURING SALE $22.50
Regular Price ........ £.oc per yard i Quarter Sawed Oak SECRETARY
nilDlXir CHIP G.C\r- 1 Quarter Sawed Oak SECRETARY
DUKINII OAL& DUC BOOKCASE, colonial design-
Regular price $60.00
SILK BROCATELLE — niiDiHP eon C\C\
Regular price $1.75 per yard DURING SALE $30.00
DURING SALE $1.10 2 MahoKany secretary bookcases.
colonial design —
■^^mm^^^^^m Regular price $75.00
gT ' DURING SALE $42.00
Xlf\Xy MnMHAV - I Mahogany Mirror Top BOOKCASE—
rUK IVlUliUAl* Regular price $60.00
sofa pillows- DURING SALE $32.50
250— Regular prlce.7sc and $1.25 each „ ,
DURING SALE 50c * MRM R h egK' gK . car . vM . front .7. . . . ». M
250-Regular price.... $1.25 to $1.75 each DURING SALE $35.00
DURING SALE 75C 1 Mahogany DESK-
Regular price $60.00
An assorted lot of HIGH-GRADE DURING SAT JR^Fi OO
PILLOWS at ONE-HALF REGU- UUIUnU OHLCi $)&O.\J\J
LAR PRICE. j Blrds . s Eye Maple CHAMBER SET-
ALL PILLOWS full size. Not over Regular price ...................... $lOO.OO
two will be sold to any customer. DURING SALE $65.00
500 , SMYRNA RUGS (not the v jUte 1 Bird's Eye Maple CHAMBER SET-
kind). size 36 inches x 72 inches- Regular price $60.00
Regular price $4.00 each 6 nnDlMf CHIP <tO« nn
DURING SALE $2.50 DURING SALE $35.00
B „„ '-■■:■: ■ ■■^- ■•, '_ A 1^.% -r, » t,tts« 1 Heavy Carved Oak HALL STAND—
H 150 assorted styles GRAND RAPIDS -'Regular price $250.00
1 CARPET-SWEEPERS-Sold else- * v nFIRTMr C ITT <t1 Ckf\f\f\
Jl where from $2.50 to $3.50 each UUKINIi bALL «)>IUU.UO
I - HIIRIMP CRT 17 Cl 7R
m UUnlMu OALt c>l.<O Numberless other pieces at equally low
B^^^^^^^— prices.
Great REDUCTIONS in our
CARPET Department.
W. ..ft J. "SLOANE & go:;
CARPETS, FURNITURE, UPHOLSTERY
: 641-647 MARKET STREET,
SA2ST ITR.AN'OISOO.
and G. B. Lyman of this place to-day
examined Mrs. G. H. Lyall, who resides
with her husband near Verona, on a
charge of insanity. She was pronounced
insane and committed by Superior Judge
E. A. Davis to the Napa Asylum.
Mrs. Lyall became violently Insane
three or four days ago. On Wednesday
she jumped into the Sacramento River,
with her seven months old babe in her
arms. Her husband waded out to his
armpits and succeeded in getting hold of
her. John Melndeor. who was on the op
posite side of the river, jumped into a
skiff and rowed across to the rescue. He
reached the child oefore it finally sank.
Vigorous measures linally restored the
child to life.
Mrß. Lyall was for a time an inmate of
the Ctockton Asylum about eight years
ago, a fact which was disclosed to her
husband to-day for the first time.
ENGLAND'S TREATY
WITH ABYSSINIA.
King Menelik Undertakes to Pro-
tect British Trade and Keep
Arms From Madhists.
LONDON, Feb. 12.— The publication of
the treaty with Abyssinia will prove sen
sational. The rumors of big British con
cessions are groundless. Great Britain
secures another open door and the most
favored nation treatment in respect to
imports and local taxation. King Mene
lik undertakes that the caravan route
between Harrar and Zoila will be kept
open for British tmde and promises to
prevent arms and ammunition from
reaching the Mahdists, whom he ex
pressly declares to be the enemies of his
empire.THROUGH
SURVEYS
ARE MADE
Important Work of
Nicaragua Canal
Commission.
Much Ground Has Been
Covered by Parties in
the Field. .
Very Interesting Soundings
Being Made on the Lake
to Be Crossed.
MAY SHORTEN THE ROUTE
From Present Indications Favorable
Results Are to Be Expeoted of
the Expedition.
Bpeolal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12. — Correspond
ence of the Herald under date of Man
agua, Nicaragua. January 16, says:
The canal commission, having met
President Zelaya and his Cabinet, is
settling down to its work on the line of
the canal between the lake and the Pa
cific. The main problem of this portion
of the canal project is the La Flor
dam. The commission expects to nass
two weeks In the study of this western
division.
About five days ( were occupied by the
commission In its trip up the river,
making observations of features of the
Btream and an examination of the
work which is being done along the line
of the canal as it affects the river.
The commission will make another
examination of the river portion of the
canal route on its return from the west
ern side, when it will make a careful
study of possible dam sites in the vi
cinity of Ochoa and San Francisco
and Deseado valleys. The work of the
parties of Mr. naves, Mr. Davis, Mr.
Ehle, Mr. Onderdonk and others will
then be in an advanced stage, and
many valuable data will have been
obtained by that time. This will
greatly assist the commission in arriv
ing at definite conclusions. The line
of the canal, as at present, from
Greytown to Ochoa, including the dam,
is where the commission expects its
hardest work.
The commission will spend several
days on foot going over the line from (
Ochoa into Greytown, and it is cer
tain that its findings will cover every
possible feature and phase of the di
vision.
The party in coming up the river
from Ochoa had an excellent opportun
ity to study the San Juan and the top
ography of its valley. The canal line,
as at present, does not contemplate any
use of the river below Ochoa. Between
Oohoa and Fort San Carlos are San
Carlos River and Machuca Belas, Cas
tillo and Torro Rapids.
On reaching Fort San Carlo 9, the
commission found the work under the
direction of Lieutenant Hanus well
advanced. Lieutenant Hanus and his
party reached here on December 31. He :
will make a complete survey of the
coast line of the lake on both sides for
miles above and below the two canal
entrances, and will also make complete
soundings covering areas of the lake
twenty miles square on both sides.
In addition he will make soundings
along the proposed line across the lake.
This has been done only once, many
years ago, and as the work was done
In a small launch and under unfavor
able circumstances, the results have
never been regarded as final.
Lieutenant Hanus Is of the opinion
that these soundings across the lake
may result In locating some sunken
volcanic peaks. Lieutenant Hanus,
from observations thus far made about :
anrt among the islands, believes it may
be possible to carry the canal route
through some one of these channels,
Instead of to the north, as the plan of ;
the canal company has it. Should a
complete survey and soundings develop
the feasibility of this and should such
development be adopted, several miles
would be saved in the Journey across
the lake.
If Lieutenant Hanus secures time
and facilities he will make a complete
survey and chart of the lake, some
thing that has never been done. As it
is his chart will show all that is ma
terial to the canal route and on a big
scale. Work on the lake, in common
with the work of all other divisions,
will be done with a thoroughness that
has not been attained before, because
of the fact that there are more men
than ever before on the canal line and
that these men will spend more time
on their work than was possible for
the men of any previous expedition.
FLANNELLY WILL
PLEAD INSANITY
Redwood City Parricide to Be
Arraigned at San Jose
To-Morrow.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Feb. Thomas W. Flan
nelly, who killed his father, Patrick Flan
nelly, at Redwood City on October 26, and
eubsequently fatally shot Sheriff ■ McEvoy
when the officer attempted to arrest him,
will be placed on trial for the ; first mur
der In Judge Lorlgan's court on Monday.
The trial will occupy about ten days. The
parricide's attorneys are Straus & Riehl
of this city, and. they will set up the plea
of emotional insanity. The defense will
put on about twenty-five witnesses and
the prosecution will introduce twelve.
The principal witnesses for the prosecu
tion will be John Kerr and his »lfe, the
brnther-in-ttiw and sister of Flannelly.
They were In the house at thctime of the
crime. These witnesses heard the words
between Flannelly and his < father, and
then the three shots in rapid succession. ;
They spoke to him as he was riding away
to the ranch, where he had a fight. with
Sheriff McEvoy and Deputy Sheriff
Mansfield.
Flannelly'B actions then showed that he
was in a great frenzy, and the defense
will attempt to prove that the defendant
was the victim of a fit of "emotional in
sanity.
Flannelly has been very close-mouthed
since his arrest, and has refused to dis
cuss his ca5e. .......
"■' -""~ « ♦ «—« — .
The Henry Mayer Tailoring Company,
originally located at 109 Sutter street, have
moved to their > elegant " new quarters •at
40 Montgomery * street, corner Butter,
■where they are now prepared to show a
complete new line of woolens. • I
WILL OFFER
SOME NEW
INDUCEMENTS
Cuba's Colonial Gov
ernment Makes
New Plans.
Revolution Cannot Be
Suppressed by Force
of Arms.
So Terms of Peace Will Now
Be Held Out to the In
surgents.
THE TWELVE PROPOSALS.
All Kinds of Promlee* for th« Patri
ot* if They Will Cease Their
Warfara.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12.— The
Press says: Through a source
known to be absolutely trust
worthy the Press has learned
the identity of the person who
stole the famous De borne letter.
The insulting missive was not
abstracted from the mails, and it
was not a thoughtless or uncon-
Bidered memorandum, never in-
tended for transmission by post,
as has been contended in some
quarters. The letter which en
compassed De Lome's downfall
was stolen by Manuel Serafin
Plchardo, son-in-law of Senor
Arturo Amblad, deputy of the
Cortes In Cuba. Pichardo Is the
close business associate of Can
alejas, the editor of El Heraldo,
of Madrid, to whom the letter
was addressed and delivered,
and Is the Havana correspond
ent of that newspaper. He is a
young man of brilliant Intellect
ual attainments and the vigor
and beauty of his poetic writings
have given him the name erf the
"Poet of Cuba."
HAVANA (via Key West), Feb. 12.—
i It has been resolved to open negotia
tions with the insurgents, in the belief
that the revolution could not be sup
pressed by force of arms. Anticipating
that the insurgents would not accept
the new terms, the colonial Govern
ment will open negotiations, thus sav
ing the Madrid Government the respon
sibility.
The following propositions will be
formally tendered to the insurgents:
First — The volunteers will be dis
solved and a Cuban militia formed.
Second — The insurgent colonels and
generals will be recognized.
Third — Cuba will be called on to pay
only $100,000,000 out of the $600,000,000
indebtedness due for both wars.
Fourth— Cuba will pay $2,000,000 a
year for the crown list.
Fifth — Cuba will make her own trea
ties without interference by the
Madrid Government.
Sixth — Spanish products will have
only a 10 per cent margin of protection
over similar products from other coun
tries.
Seventh — No exiles or deportations
will be made, even In war time, to
Spain, Africa or penal settlements
elsewhere.
Eighth — Death sentences for rebel
lion shall be abolished.
Ninth — Martial law cannot be or
dered by the Captain-General without
the assent of both the House and the
Senate if those bodies are in session,
or without the assent of a majority of
the Cabinet if they are not in session.
Tenth — The Archbishop of Santiago
de Cuba shall always be a native
Cuban.
Eleventh — The actual insurgent
party shall have three seats in the
first Cabinet.
Twelfth — An armistice of fifteen days
shall be granted for the discussion of
the terms of peace.
The annexation sentiment is grow
ing stronger among the Spanish resi
dents, and if it were not for the strict
censorship exercised this sentiment
would be manifested through the news
papers. Several merchants and plant
ers, some native Spaniards and mem
bers of the Conservative party, upon
being interviewed, declared that the
situation in Cuba was terrible and that
if the war should continue for another
year the island would disappear from
among the producing countries of the
world.
SEEKING A DIPLOMAT.
Spain Anxious to Get a Good Man to
Succeed De Lome.
MADRID, Feb. 12.— The Ministry is j
busy trying to rind a fitting repreaenta
! tive to take Senor De Lome's place.
The one who would seem to have been
made for the position is Senor Arguer
ra, until recently Sub-Secretary for
State, which position he relinquished j
upon being gazetted as Embassador to I
Vienna. He has not yet left for his j
post. I understand he has been ap- j
j proached, but has refused the place, j
; which is distinctly a great pity, as here i
! we have a serious trained diplomatist, j
I who accurately knows the views of !
! Senors Sagasta and Gullon Just as ab- }
j solutely as General Woodford knows
Intimately those of President McKin- \
j ley. Further, Senor Arguerra is mi
i stinctively fond of details, calcula- j
I tions, figures, etc., and in this particu
j lar would be superior to Senor De |
■ Lome in dealing with the infinite tech- I
j nicaiities which will necessarily arise i
jin connection with the commercial
' treaty.
There was much cordiality at a din- !
; ncr given last night by General Wood- I
I ford. Ministers Gullon and Moret, it '
was remarked, stopped very late. That !
the conversation was not unsatisfac- |
tory was reflected In General Wood
ford's distinctly happy appearance,
which told more of the satisfactory
state of affairs than many words.
HAVANA. Feb. 12.— Letters from the
Herald's field correspondent, who is once
more with the insurgent forces, bring
information that without doubt the Cu
ban army was anxious for several
weeks because of a fear that important |
leaders might surrender to General !
Blanco. Had an important presenta- j
tion taken place the cause would have '
1 been greatly crippled. j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1898.
GREAT BRITAIN
NOT A LOSER
Gaining Many Diplomatic
Points in the Far East
Controversy.
Both Germany and Russia Will
Respect Present Commer
cial Treaties.
On the Whole the Policy Pursued by
Premier Salisbury Is Satis
factory,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Feb. 12.— Though the Chau
vinists noisily persist in distorting: the
situation in the far East, the great
majority are abundantly satisfied with
Lord Salisbury's statement, and there
is reason to believe that they will be
still more gratified in no far distant
future. When the Government shall be
in a position to lay the papers on the
subject before Parliament, it will be
seen that the conduct of the affairs has
been in strict compliance with the prin
ciples enunciated by half a dozen Cab
inet Ministers.
Of course, the Premier Is not in a po
sition to reveal the whole story, as
there is much yet to settle, but he will
be able to relieve all anxiety with an
explicit statement that he will allow
no power to interfere with British
treaties with China, which give free
dom of entry to every port which may
become open under authority, or at the
request of any power whatsoever.
By his attitude In regard to Kiaochau
Bay, the Marquis of Salisbury has
paved the way for a community of po
litical action between Great Britain
and Germany, which will not only pro
duce excellent results in the far East,
but help to assure the stability of the
general international situation. This is
already shown by the transfer of Herr
Detring, the Commissioner of Chinese
Customs, to the Government service in
Shang Tung Province, he having ad
mittedly gone to Peking to undermine
Sir Robert Hart, the Englishman who
has been Director of the Chinese Im
perial Maritime Customs since 1885.
Great Britain's agreement with Rus
sia will probably also be found to be
more reaching than a written assur
ance that Port Arthur will be a free
port and agreeing to the opening of
Talien Wan when the railroad reaches
there.
The British warships now on their
way to China are the first-class battle
ship Barfleur, the first-class cruiser
Gibraltar and the second-class cruiser
Bonaventure. When they arrive on
March 5 or thereabouts Great Britain
will have a preponderance of nearly five
thousand tons over warships of Russia
and France combined in those waters.
ROBBED OF HIS
DIAMOND STUD
Millionaire Henry Miller the
Victim of Light- Fingered
Gentry.
j Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Feb. 12.— Henry Miller, the
San Francisco millionaire, was "touched"
for his $500 diamond stud at the railway
station to-day. Mr. Miller was on his
way from Uakersfleld to San Francisco
and got off the train to take luncheon.
As soon as he alighted several people
I crowded around the platform, and after
I the millionaire had elbowed his way
j through he noticed that his diamond no
i longer sparkled on his shirt bosom. He
caught sight of a well-dressed man walk
ing away from the station and observed
that he was one of those who stood close
! to him as he alighted from the train.
< Mr. Miller followed him for about half
a block, but came to the conclusion that
The had the wrong person, as the well
dressed individual had such a respectable
I appearance.
Mr. Miller reported the theft of his dia-
J mond to the officers, who believe that the
man suspected by him was the one who
"picked" the diamond.
Mr. Miller was very wroth over the
thoft of the stone and offered a reward of
! $150 for its recovery. He afterward said
i that he would give $500 reward for its re
j covery, as he had worn It for twenty
i three years and had promised It upon his
: death to his grandchild.
A passenger on the train said that he
; recognized among; the passengers a no
' torious confidence woman whom he knew
' in Los Angeles, although he did not know
her name. She got off the train right be
hind Miller. It Is strongly suspected
I that she took the diamond.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOUND DEAD.
Why did he do it? He had everything
to live for, — happy home, wife, friends,
money; but he shot himself through the
heart. Why ?
He couldn't have given a good reason
himself. But everything looked gloomy
to him. He was in a gloomy frame of mind.
It was the way he looked at life that day.
He had been living in too much of a hurry,
rushing' and driving at business, hustling
through his meals, cutting short his sleep.
His nerves got on edge ; his stomach and
liver got out of order; he grew dyspeptic
and melancholy.
When the digestion is out of order there
is little use trying to look on the bright side
of things, practically there isn't any bright
side. This is a dangerous condition to get
into. Yet it is easy to get into and mighty
hard to get out of it, unless you go about it
in the right way.
There is a remedy that has pnlled thou-
sands of people right out of this depth of
despair. It is Dr. Pierces Golden Medical
Discovery. It acts directly upon the stom-
ach and liver. It restores their natural
capacity to nourish and purify the system.
It purges away bilious poisons, feeds the
nerve-centres with healthy, highly vitalized
blood, and drives out the "blue devils " of
melancholy and nervousness.
J. L. Warner, No. 1900 O Street, Sacramento,
Cal.. writes: " During the last five years I have
been doctoring with as many as six different doc-
tors here and in San Francisco for diseased stom-
ach; but none of the doctors gave me even tem-
porary relief. Two years ago I completely col-
lapsed, and had to give up aX work. I have felt
many times that I would like to leave this world.
In looking over the ads in the San Francisco
Examiner I ran across yours, and I now owe my
life and present good health to Dr. Pierces med-
icines. I have taken fourteen bottles of the
' Golden Medical Discovery and four little vials
of ' Pleasant Pellets,' and I am entirely well of
all stomach trouble. Can sleep nine hours every
sight, aad am now ready to go to work again."
_._• '_'_I.'-- -.- Jl^^^LL 1 _'L • • ADVERTISEMENTS. -
•l 1 W H /V\\ A\K r
ITEAbY!
KLONDIKE /^Kf <
• %J%J mml m lIIIK3 /^Sli^i I *♦■•♦■■> n our ol;lsew^ practical men to attend
\-^- £ , T^"'^!r"»ijji4^^_.- -^^£_jBN? / I ' "*" "*" "*" you, with a big stock at your command, and
- ' ''" ~~~:f/.^'* r /j^" ' I XX X with- the best of everything, outfitting is made
I"^^,, Z^^^^^^^w ill: I tt J Hen of experience dance at your attend*
S~^ */t£ \\/iM§?W ' Jlr I >> + ance, and then again, of course, our big stocif
P~/j$ jigs \ +♦.£ to select from, with the best of everything.
Ji> // ♦♦■ •♦ a nce » an^ then again, of course, our big stock
f ~*&^W " "♦" ♦to select from, with the best of everything.
W§m^j^^^^^^^ -- ss^ ' XXX Then you have our excellent reputation for
■ ♦ ♦ "*" value-giving and reliability, which throws
■fl Jl^^ •• • around you a safeguard. :
WWW
Here's What We're Doing
ALASKAN OUTFIT
Special No. 2.
Here's another list that should command
your attention. Here's a sumptuous list of
groceries and of the best grade only, and a
feature about it, we pack everything and de-
liver it on board, and it's all done in good
style, and what we quote «n the way of wear-
ables is the best only. We carry only the best.
This big list of groceries and provisions and
the excellent outfit of wearables, the tivo
packed and ready for shipment, for
$135.00.
Here's what you get in Gro-
ceries and Provisions— lhe gro-
ceries and provisions weigh 995
pounds.
300 lbs Flour.
i 50 Tbs Cornmeal.
100 Tbs Bacon.
50 Tbs Dried Peas.
12 Vn-Xb cans Roast Beef.
5 lbs Lard.
12 Cans V*s. Deviled Ham.
10 Tbs Evaporated Apples.
10 Tbs Dried Apricots.
10 Tbs Dried Peaches.
10 lbs Evaporated Onions.
5 Tbs Soup Biscuits.
15 Tbs Coffee, ground, In cans.
100 lbs D. G. Sugar.
50 Candles.
12 Bars White Borax Soap.
V*-Tb Tin Cinnamon.
1 Tin 2 gross Matches.
15 Canvas Bags for packing.
60 11 >s Oatmeal.
8 lbs Baking Powder.
50 Tbs Red Beans.
10 2-Tb Tins Corn Beef.
10 2-Tb Tins Butter.
2 1-gal. Tins Princess Sugar House Syrup.
18 Cans Empress Cream.
10 lbs Dried Prunes.
25 lbs Desiccated Potatoes.
10 lbs Dried Pears.
8 2-Tb Jars Extract of Beef.
20 lbs Best Island Rice.
4 Tbs Best Mixed Tea.
20 lbs Saloon Pilot Bread.
10 lbs Table Salt.
1 Tb Tin Black Pepper.
1 box Yeast Cakes.
1 box Lime Juice Cartridges.
1 lb Tin Mustard.
Here's Your List of Wearables.
It's complete and of the best grade only.
It consists of:
8 suits extra heavy all-wool underwear.
3 extra heavy navy blue flannel over-
shirts.
1 extra heavy double all-around sweater.
6 pairs heavy German knit all-wool socks.
2 pairs German long stockings, double
knit and shrunk.
1 extra heavy Mackinaw coat, gotten up
for strength and durability.
1 pair Mackinaw pants, same grade, built
to last.
3 pairs heavy double-knit wool mitts.
2 pairs waterproof Seal Palm Mitts.
1 pair Goodyear's Gold Seal crack-proof
hip boots.
1 pair high-laced prospector's rubber
shoes.
1 pair heavy black prospector's shoes,
leather, high cut, hand-pegged, water-
proof.
2 pairs blanket-lined overalls, extra well
made and extra heavy.
1 heavy duck packing bag.
1 fur cap, roll sides.
6 crash towels.
1 dozen handkerchiefs.
2 pairs extra large California blankets,
guaranteed 10 Tbs.
1 pair extra heavy leather pack straps.
1 jpair extra heavy leather suspenders.
This entire outfit, which is a royal one,
consisting amply of everything that is
good to eat and wear — it's a good outfit,
a big one. We'll pack and deliver same
on board ship for
S/35.00.
•♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦#
+ Whatever you see in our +
+ advertisements you'll find '♦
> carried out to the full let- ¥,
-f • 2er in- fn-e store. ■ ♦
• ♦ f «f -f +;♦ +>ftt tt;t -f •
9, 11, 13, 15 KEARNY STREET.
2 Entire Buildings. 8 Floors.
ALASKAN OUTFIT
Special No. 1.
Here's a corker— your Grocery
Outfit, necessities for one man
for one year, a complete outfit of
wearables, everything in Cloth-
ing, everything in Underwear,
your Rubber Boots— in fact,
everything, as shown in List
below, for $89.
Think of it— Your Wearables
and Provisions complete, and
only first-class goods, everything
as shown in List below, for $89.
This list of Groceries will
weigh 1083 lbs.
Grocery and Provision List
300 Tbs Flour.
10 lbs Table Salt.
100 Tbs Dried Peas.
25 Tbs Dried Prunes.
25 Tbs Coffee.
1-lt) Tin Mustard.
100 lbs Bacon.
100 rbs Cornmeal.
25 lbs Dried Peaches.
12 Cans Empress Cream.
40 Tbs D. G. Sugar.
1 box Yeast.
10 Canvas Bags for packing.
15 Tbs Macaroni.
12 Cans Deviled Ham.
25 lbs Dried Apples.
200 lbs Red Beans.
IS Tbs Soap.
5 Tbs Tea.
50 Tbs No. 1 Island Rice.
25 Tbs Hominy.
1 package Soda.
14 Tbs Baking Powder.
1 Tb Tin Black Pepper.
1 Tin 2 gross Matches.
The Things to Wear.
2 suits knit underwear, all-wool Vicuna,
fleece lined.
2 California Flannel double-breasted-
Overshirts, all wool.
4 pairs all-wool long Stockings.
2 pairs heavy long German Sox, all wool.
2 pairs woolen Mitts, double knitted.
1 pair waterproof Seal Mitts.
1 Mackinaw Coat, 3 Tbs.
1 Mackinaw Pants, 3 Tbs.
1 heavy Cap.
1 pair heavy blanket-lined Overalls.
1 pair Goodyear's Gold Seal crackproof
rubber hip Boots.
2 pairs heavy Kersey Blankets, 7 tbs.
1 pair Rubber Shoes.
1 Gold Seal Slicker Coat.
1 Canvas Bag, for packing.
1 pair extra heavy Leather Suspenders.
1 pair heavy black Leather Prospector's
Shoes, high cut, hand pegged, abso-
lutely waterproof.
1 Head Net.
3 Towels.
1 Leather Pack Strap.
Your Groceries, Provisions
and things to Wear Complete,
Packed and Delivered Aboard
Ship for
$89.00.
• ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ t .t it:S t t^'tS^S*.
-f These outfits are laid out +
> on separate tables subject ♦
♦ £0 your inspection. No pig +
■♦■ in- poke in our house. V "*"
ALASKAN OUTFIT
Special No. 3.
Here's another sumptuous out-
fit and a very high-class one. It
consists as follows:
The Wearables.
3 suits Underwear, extra heavy double
Shirt, double-seated Drawers.
2 extra heavy double breasted Flannel
Overshirts.
1 extra heavy Mackinaw Overshlrt.
1 extra heavy all-wool double Sweater.
6 pairs long German knit Sox, the best
grade.
2 pairs German knit and shrunk Stock-
ings, leather heels.
1 Mackinaw Coat, extra heavy, guaran-
teed 4 lbs, excellently made and
trimmed.
1 pair Mackinaw Pants, same grade.
4 pairs all-wool Mitts, double knit.
2 pairs Leopard Seal Waterproof Mitts.
1 pair Goodyear's Gold Seal crackproof
Rubber Hip Boots.
1 pair Lace Perfection Rubber Shoes.
1 pair Whaleskin Prospector's high-cut
Shoes, hand-pegged, warranted water-
proof.
2 pairs blanket-lined Overalls, best grade.
1 waterproof blanket-lined Coat.
2 pairs best grade Blankets, 72x90.
1 Fur Cap, roll sides.
1 blanket-lined Protection Hood.
1 wool Scarf.
1 pair Leather Suspenders.
1 Money Belt.
1 extra heavy Packing Bag.
1 suit Oil Clothing and Hat.
1 dozen Bandana Handkerchiefs.
1 reversible Leather Coat, reversible side
being made of Corduroy.
1 Mosquito Protector.
6 Towels.
1 Canvas Sleeping Bag, lambskin, wool-
lined, 3 feet wide by 6 feet 6 inches long,
with a 2-foot head flap.
The Grocery and Provision List.
300 lbs Flour.
50 lbs Cornmeal.
100 lbs Bacon.
50 lbs Dried Peas.
12 2\ 2 -ft> cans Roast Beef.
5 lbs Lard.
12 cans Deviled Ham.
10 lbs Evaporated Apples.
10 lbs Dried Apricots.
10 lbs Dried Peaches.
10 lbs Evaporated Onions.
5 lbs Soup Biscuits.
15 lbs Coffee, ground. In cans.
100 lbs D. G. Sugar.
50 Candles.
12 bars White Borax Soap.
%-lb tin Cinnamon.
1 tin 2 gross Matches.
15 Canvas Bags, for packing.
50 lbs Oatmeal.
8 lbs Baking Powder.
50 lbs Red Beans.
10 2-lb tins Corn Beef.
10 2-lb tins Butter.
2 1-gal. tins Princess Sugar House Syrup
18 cans Empress Cream.
10 lbs Dried Prunes.
25 lbs Desiccated Potatoes.
10 lbs Dried Pears.
8 2-lb jars Extract of Beef.
20 lbs best Island Rice.
4 lbs best Mixed Tea.
20 lbs Saloon Pilot Bread.
10 lbs Table Salt.
1 1b tin' Black Pepper.
1 box Yeast Cakes.
1 box Lime Juice Cartridges.
1 1b tin Mustard.
THE TWO, your Groceries and Provis
ions, a list of Wearables as enumeratei
above, no one can ask for a better outfi
or a larger one. It fills all needs am
gives you ample stuff, the two for
$172.00.
• 'f-f'f-f'f-f«f'f-f'f-f'f«f«f-f#
Outfitting in our house *
a, insures you of thi very best a
of everything and insures 4.
> yoM. 0/ receiving the very +
-f tiniest of prices. ♦
ware
Supplies!
Which also include your
Cooking Stove and your Yukon
Trail Sled.
This entire outfit, as enumer-
ated below, consisting of the
best of materials, the best of
everything, this big supply for
545.00.
Here
1 lightning handled Ax, 4 lbs.
1 Ratchet Brace, 102.
1 Expansion Bit, small.
L Chalk Line, No. 13, 30 feet.
I lightning so. Fire Chisel, %.
1 lightning soc. Fire Chisel, 1%
1, Calking Iron. '
t lightning Knife, 10-inch.
1 Pit Saw File, 8-inch.
I Mill Saw File, 8-incb-
' Taper File, 5-inch.
1 Tablespoon, 96.
I Teaspoon.
i Polished Gold Pan.
' lightning Hammer, Ul4.
i Wulgen Butcher Knife, 8.
' '•'"■b-'nipsr Hatchet. 2.
4 lbs C. C. Wire Nails, 4.
8 lbs C. C. Wire Nails, 8.
8 lbs C. C. Wire Nails, 10.
1 L. C. Mattock.
1 Mattock Handle.
1 Washeta Oil Stone.
1 UKuii unn Pick.
Drift Pick Handle.
Jack Plane.
1 Steel Square, No. 4.
. Espy Spring 'Pt. Shovel.
1 Lightning Hand Saw, 26-inch, f. ■ '
Lightning Rip Saw, 26, 4%.
Morrill Saw Set, No. 4. , . i
Nut Auger, V&. 'i
Awl and Tools, No. 5.
Klondike Whip Saw and Handl*.
Lightning Broad Hatchet, No. 4.
. tb Oakum.
Ib Pitch.
.•00 feet Manila Rope, %-lnch.
I Yukon Stove, asbestos lined,
-foot 1-man Saw. ■
. Double Bitt Ax.
Yukon Trail Sled..
The above entire outfit of
ardware and utensils, being of
he best grade only, will cost
■ v
545.00.
+ Ours is a complete Out- £
♦ ■ fitting establishment where +
+ j/OM- can get thing and '>•
"^ % getlthekbesb of everything +
* and get the smallest of ♦
+ prices. ■♦"
34
OPENS THE
CAMPAIGN
FOR SILVER
Fusion Advocated by
Chairman Charles
A. Towne.
Urges Silver Republicans
to Unite With the
Democrats.
Populists, Too, Will Be Needed
in the Next Presidential
Fight.
BRYAN IS HIS CHOICE.
Likens the Defeated Nebraska States
man to Jefferson and
Lincoln.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 12.— Hon. C.
A. Towne of Minnesota, chairman of
the Silver Republican National Com
mittee, opened the campaign for bi
metallism in Southern California at
Hazard's Pavilion to-night, and was
greeted by a large audience. His re
marks created enthusiasm among the
followers of Bryan. The salient points
of his address follow:
As the chairman of the National Com
mittee of the Silver Republican party it
is a privilege to me to meet the members
EX-CONGRESSMAN CHARLES A. TOWNE.
of the Silver Republican" Club face to
face, to extend to them in behalf of the
Silver Republicans everywhere our sin
cere appreciation and to wish the club
a still more honorable part in the future
prosecution <>f the great contest we are
in. I regard as a fortunate circumstance
also that I am permitted to make my first
speech in California on the anniversary
of the birth of Abraham Lincoln, whose
memory is as dear to the hearts of the
Silver Republicans. Democrats and Pop
ulists that are lovers of their country as
it can possibly be to any member of the
regular Republican organization, and his
principles we practically proclaim to be
infinitely nearer in accord with those we
advocate than with the present policy of
the organization that bears the old name.
The great contest of the day Is between
the many and the few, the masses of the
people and the so-called vested Interests
intrenched behind special privileges; be
tween the producers of wealth and the
hoarders oif gold. In such a fight no one
can doubt that the deep sympathies and
earnest efforts of Abraham Lincoln, were
he alive to-day, would be. as they always
were, upon the side of the massi-s and of
the people. In this respect Jefferson, Lin
coln and Bryan are but varying
sions, appropriate to their respective
ages, of the infinite wisdom and good
ness of God in raising up instruments for
the carrying out of his inscrutable pur
poses.
The work of Lincoln was to emancipate
a subjugated race of 4,000,000 men. The
object of the contest waging to-day is
to unfetter the energies of 7S.000.OOi) of
people, and, indirectly, to add to the pro
ductive power and social happiness of the
producers of wealth in every land. The
ptory of civilization is the history of the
• . ADVERTISEMENTS.
_,_,^_ J^ jr^ i _^
"77"
FOR
Old Firemen Say ! !
that the first fifteen minutes of
. a fire often decides the fate of a
building. It is the same with
Grip and Colds, if you have
"Seventy-seven handy to take
at the first sneeze or shiver the ;
disease is cut short Whereas
delay may mean pneumonia.
Always have "77" handy for
Coughs, Colds and La Grippe. ,
I
tar A 25c vial leads to a $1 flask.
At druggists or sent on receipt of price.
Ask: for Dr. Humphreys', Specific Manual of
all diseases at your Druggists or Mailed free. \
Hu^iDhreys" Medicine Company, New York.™''
attempts of selfishness and greed to ob
tain control of states and civilizations.
In every age the contest has assumed
substantially the same complexion. From
the time when nations were established
and the arts of peace began to thrive
there have existed men who have pa
tiently and unrelentlessly pursued a pur
pose of thriving by the labor of others.
To this end they have secured the con
trol of governments and have made the
laws.
One of the most subtle and effective
means employed by them has been the
manipulation of the money systems that
have prevailed among various nations.
Inasmuch as the prices of commodities,
when conditions effecting them remain
unchanged, will rise with and increase In
the kind of money substance in which
they arc stated and will fall with a de
crease in that substance; and inasmuch
as the debtor who incurs a debt when
I prices are high and must pay it when
prices are low will inevitably contricrute
a portion of his substance to the creditor
which the latter in jusvice has no right
to receive, it follows that the creditor in
terests of society, if they are able to con-
I trol the money unit which measures the
value of services and commodities, can
subject the producers to a virtual slavery,
under which all property will gradually
[ pass into the possession of the conspira
; tors.
International monetary conferences,
committei's to ino.uirc into the causes of
the increasing disparity between the met
als, commission after commission to in
vestigate the depression of agriculture,
have followed each other from year to
year ever slneo 1576. when the discovery
seems really first to have been made that
in the demonetization of silver a fatal
blow had been struck at the progress of
mankind.
In the United States until 1596 but one
policy was avowed upon this subject and
that was a determination to get rid of
the gold standard.
The Republican platform declared for
bimetallism in 1888 and again in 1892, but
notwithstanding these declarations, the
Administration policy of that party was
by usurpation of power and by abject
submission to the dictates of the gold
brokers to fasten upon the- country more
and more securely the policy of monetary
contraction. About the year 1896 the pow
ers in control of the Republican party
thought themselves strong enough to
show their hand.
In the platform at St. Louis they de
clared against the free coinage of silver,
except by international agreement, which
they pledged themselves to promote, but
proclaimed that until such an agreement !
could be had the existing gold standard
must be maintained. The reference to
the international agreement was a mere j
pretense. While many thousands of
prominent Republicans honestly sup- j
ported the declaration and many millions i
believed in it and trusted it. the powers
that put it into the plafform used it to i
attract the support of the former and j
never intended that it should be carried i
out.
The Wolcott commission was a fore
doomed and expected failure. Nothing
can make this fact plainer than the ac
tion of President McKinley in sending to
; the extra session of Congress his message
of July 24. 1897. wherein he indorsed the
plan of the Indianapolis Sound Money
j Convention, which that convention de
clared consisted of three fundamental
provisions, namely, the maintenance of
the gold standard and the retirement of
the greenbacks and treasury notes and
: the erection of a huge system of banks
of issue.
The inglorious return of the Wolcott
i commission was followed by the pre
sentation to Congress of the Administra
tion's gold standard monetary scheme in
the weak and indefinite suggestions of
the President's annual message and in
i the more bold and clear propositions of
the Secretary of the Treasury. ,
Thus the Republican party stands to
! day as the avowed champion of the gold
standard and the banks. To its support
have rallied the gold brokers of the world
; and all other trusts and monopolies. The
: Republican platforms of 1884, 18S8 and 1892
i vigorously denounced these combinations
; of capital. It is a significant circumstance
; that the very convention which in 18%
surrendered the Republican party to the
gold standard left out of its platform all
reference to trusts and other monopolies
and prosecuted its campaign in partner
ship with them and by means of the cor
ruption funds which they contributed
The Republican National Committee in
its campaign text book in 1892 declared
that nine-tenths of the people were bi
metallists. This was true then and Is
true now.
The verdict of 1896 was a mistaken one
Trusting Republicans were betrayed by
the managers of their party. Events are
making daily clearer the absolute sur
render, of the party to these evil influ
ences. As the issue becomes more clearly
denned doubt of a righteous decision
grows less.
The sentiment of the country is with
us to-day for bimetallism, for the masses'
of the people are against the gold stand
ard, . the , trusts and combines, the i
organized greed of the world. .All
that is needed in order that we may
win is that ,we shall be united in pur
pose and narmonlous in co-operation I
Populists. Democrats and Silver Repub
licans must all unite in the campaign of
IS9B in order that the gold standard shall
not win with the division of its oppo
nents. • - - F *\ ■
No party need surrender its organiza
tion. No man need abandon his opinion I
on certain other matters, but until the
advance of the gold monopoly powers Is
stopped and thrown backward there is no
room for any political, social or economic
regeneration in the United States.
And we shall unite. The efforts to di
vide us will fail. Tne hosts will -rally
again In 1900 upon the platform of 1896
and under the leadership of the stainless
and peerless hero of that fight, and to
gether march to a victory of the people,
for the people and by the people.
RANCHER FATALLY SHOT.
N'APA. Feb. 12.— James Lincoln Davis
of the Magnolia ranch was fatally wound
ed by the accidental discharge of a gun
to-day. Davis was on a hunting and fish
ing trip, accompanied by his cousin, Har
ry Pedler. The latter was carrying his
shotgun in one hand and his fishing jrie
in the other.
Pedler, seeing some game start up, at
tempted to bring his gun into position,
when it was accidentally discharged, the
load of shot entering Davis" right side
just above the hip. The unfortunate
man lived about a half-hour, dying before
he could be takon home.
Davis was a native son, 33 years of age
He leaves a widow and one child. Pedier
lives in San Francisco and was \isiting
his cousin. He is almost frantic with
grief. Coroner Kyser went to the scene
of the accident and Impaneled a jury. Af
ter hearing the evidence it brought in a
verdict of accidental shooting.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1898.
LOSS OF A
BIG OCEAN
STEAMSHIP
Holland - American
Liner Veendam
in Collision.
Great Hole Torn in the
Vessel by a Sub
merged Wreck.
Thrilling Scenes Among the
Panic- Stricken Passengers
After the Disaster.
RESCUED BY THE ST. LOUIS
Rockets Attract a Passing Steamer
and All Aboard the Sinking
Craft Are Taken Off.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12.— The American
line steamer St. Louis, Captain Randle,
which arrived to-day from Southamp
ton, reports the loss at sea of the Hol
land-American line steamer Veendam,
Captain Stenger, bound from Rotter
dam to New York. The passengers and
crew of the Veendam were saved by
the St. Louis. At quarantine Captain
Stenger of the Veendam reported as
follows:
"The Veendam left Rotterdam on
February 2 with a cargo, nine cabin
and 118 steerage passengers and a crew
of eighty-five, bound for New Tork.
We had strong northwest gales and
high west and northwest seas. On
February 6, at about 5:17 p. m., ship's
time, being then in latitude 49 degrees
35 minutes north, longitude 20 degrees
1 minute west, the steamer struck a
submerged wreck or some wreckage
which tore a hole in the ship's bottom
and broke her propeller shaft.
"We found that our ship was making
considerable water, and at once set all
pumps to work, but, notwithstanding,
the water gained on us. In the mean
time all our boats were made ready, in
order, if necessary, that we might leave
the ship, as she was now sinking rap
idly by the stern. At 1:30 a. m. we ob
served the lights of a large steamer
bearing about east by south from us.
We made a signal of distress, on which
the vessel bore down on us. We then
decided, for the safety of the passen
gers and crew, to abandon the ship. The
vessel proved to be the St. Louis of the
American line, bound from Southamp
ton for New York. We hailed her and
reported that our ship was sinking and
that we wished to be taken off. At 1:43
a. m. we commenced to transfer our
passengers and crew, using three boats
of the St. Louis and one of ours. Our
men were kept at the pumps.
"At 4:53 a. m. on Monday everybody
had been transferred to the St. Louis.
When the last boat left the Veedam,
the ship was laboring very heavily and
sinking rapidly by the stern. The
transfer of the passengers and crew
took, notwithstanding the great diffi
culties and the high seas running, only
three hours and ten minutes and was
accomplished without the slightest ac
cident.
"As the wreck was a dangerous ob
struction to navigation, we decided to
set her one fire, was done. The
position of the wreck was then latitude
49.19 north, longitude 19.475. On board
the St. Louis we were warmly received
and the captain and his officers did
everything possible for our comfort. We
take this opportunity to express our
utmost gratitude also in the name of
the passengers of the Veendam."
The Veendam was formerly the
White Star steamer Baltic. She was
built at Belfast, Ireland, by Harland
& Wolff in IS7I. She was a four-masted
barkentine-rigged screw steamer, reg
istered 4036 gross, and was 418 feet
long, 41 feet beam and 31.9 feet deep.
Mendel Mandoff and David Devin
ishke, two steerage passengers of the
Veendam, both hainng from Voveno
Guberna, Russian Poland, told a Joint
story of what befell the ill-fated Hol
land-American liner, as follows:
"It was after 5 o'clock on Sunday,
and we were three days out, that there
came a terrible crash. We did not know
what was the matter. The women,
for the most part sick, sprang from
their cots and began to rush about.
They shrieked dreadfully. The ship
stopped, and from the rushing around
we knew that there must be some
grave trouble, and we began to pray
to God for his protection. Suddenly
one of the officers came into the steer
age and ordered all men on deck. We
obeyed and were put to work on the
pumps. The crew were bravr fellows.
Not a man would get off until all of
us were safe. When we were on the
St. Louis and found not a soul miss
ing we fell on our knees, some of us,
and thanked God. We have been
splendidly treated on this ship. We
have no clothing, only what we are
wearing."
Chaia Nyitka, who came to this coun
try with her father from Sushkovalen.
Kalish Guberna, Russia, spoke for the
women who were rescued.
"We were nearly all of us sick," she
said, "when the crash came. But we
became suddenly well. Our sickness
was frightened away when we heard
some of the men saying the 'Shema'
(Jewish prayer before death), and oth
ers saying the psalms, and we thought
that the end had come. When all the
men were ordered on deck we followed,
because we were afraid to stay where
we could not see. On the decks we saw
men at work at the pumps and felt the
vessel was settling. We strained our
eyes through the darkness to see ships,
but there were no ships. Then great
lights shot out, and they said rockets
would bring us help.
"For five hours we watched them
shooting up and then dropping into the
rough sea. Then in the distance we
saw a light. We thought it was an
other rocket, but the light burned
steady, and it grew faster, and the
lights in the distance grew many. In
the darkness there shot a boat, and we
were all saved."
The 118 steerage passengers were all
taken to the Barge Office. Of these
seventy were detained because of lack
of visible means of support. The cap
tain, officers and crew of the Veendam
sailed for Rotterdam on the Spaarndam
this afternoon.
Peary Lectures at Ogden.
OGDEX, Feb. 12.— Lieutenant Peary,
the Arctic explorer, lectured here to
night and left on the night train for San
Francisco, accompanied by Mrs. Peary,
who joined him here this afternoon.
LINCOLN'S
MEMORY IS
KEPT GREEN
Anniversary of His
Birth Generally
Observed.
Noted Men Pay Tribute
to the Martyr War
President.
Benjamin Harrison's Pathetic
Speech Before the Mar
quette Club.
LESSONS OF A GREAT LIFE.
Tratts of Character Possessed by the
Rail-Splitter That Caused Him
to Become a Leader.
Special Dispatch to Ths Call.
CHICAGO, Feb. 12.— The anniversary
of the birth of Abraham Lincoln was
generally observed here to-day, by ex
ercises in the schools and by various
banquets. The principal banquet of the
evening, however, was the twelfth an
nual affair of the Marquette Club,
which was held at the Auditorium
Hotel. Fully 600 members of the club
were present and the speeches in re
ply to the toasts were received with
great applause. Ex-President Harrison
was the speaker of the evening, and his
address on "Abraham Lincoln" was re
ceived with enthusiastic manifestations
of applause.
President E. Q. Paulding, of the
Marquette Club, opened the exercises
with a brief address, and then intro
duced Congressman Boutelle of Illinois,
who spoke on 'Chicago— A Political
Storm Center." Congressman Boutelle
was followed by ex-President Harrison,
who said in part:
The observance of the birthday of
Abraham Lincoln, which has now be
come so widely established by public
law or by general custom, will more and
more force the orators of the occasions
to depart from the line of biography and
incident and eulogy and to assume the
duty of applying to pending public ques
tions the principle illustrated in the life
and taught in the public utterances of
t lie man whose birth we commemorate.
And after all we may be sure that the
great, simple heartod patriot would have
wished it so. Flattery did not soothe the
living ear of Lincoln. He was not un
appreclatlve of friendship, not without
ambition to bo esteemed, but the over
mastering and dominant thought of his
life was to be useful to his country and
to his countrymen.
No college of arts had opened to his
struggling youth. He had been born in
a cabin an<l reared among the unlettered.
He was a rail-splitter, a ftatrjoatman, a
country lawyer. Yet, to a" those condi
tions and associations he was a leader—
at the rail-splitting, in' the rapids and at
the bar, and in story telling.
In the broad, common-sense way in
which he did small things he was larger
than any situation in which life had
placed him. Kurope did not know him.
To the South and to not a few in the
Northern States he was an uncouth
jester, an ambitious upstart, a reckless
disturber. He was hated by the South
not only for his principles, but for him
self. The son of the cavalier, the men
who felt toil to be stain, despised this
son of the people, this child of toil. He
was distinguished from the abolition
leaders by the fairness and kindliness
with which he judged the South and the
slaveholder. He was opposed to human
slavery, not because some masters were
era el, but upon reasons that kindness to
the slave did not answer. "All men" in
cluded the black man. Liberty is the law
of nature. The human enactment cannot
pass the limits of the State's; God's law
embraces creation. Mr. Lincoln had faith
in time and time has justified his faith.
If the panorama of the years from IS6I
to ISR.T could have been unrolled before
the eyes of his countrymen would they
have "said— would he have said— that he
was adequate for the great occasion?
And yet. as we look back over the story
of the civil war, he is revealed to us
standing above all men of that epoch in
his capacity for and adaptation to the
duties of the Presidency.
Following Harrison came Justice
David J. Brewer of the United States
Supreme Court, who spoke eloquently
on "The Nation's Anchor," the court of
which he is a member. He was fol
lowed by Lyman J. Gage, Secretary of
the Treasury, who spoke on "Govern
ment and Finance."
Great applause greeted Bishop Potter
of New York when he arose to deliver
an address on "The Humor of Lincoln."
The reverend gentleman told many
anecdotes of Lincoln in a most happy
manner, and contributed greatly to the
enjoyment of the evening. The other
addresses of the evening were by Presi
dent Canfield of the University of Ohio,
who responded to "Education and the
Nation." and W. J. Calhoun of Dan
ville, 111., who replied to "Illinois."
Observed in San Rafael.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 12.-The anniver
sary of Lincoln's birthday was celebrated
here this evening by a meeting in the
Opera house, which was packed to its
full capacity and hundreds were unable
to obtain admission. The exercises in
cluded vocal and instrumental music by
school children and a number of ad
dresses. The oration was delivered by
G. V.'. Arbuckle of San Francisco and
the chief address by Captain Gorley of
this city.
' - ADVERTISEMENTS.
mgk METROPOLITAN DENTAL PARLORS, gg^
H V \ PAINLESS DENTAL OPERATIONS. /ffjflfijffl
mm First-Class Wo^ tr T^Fn^ u T.eth N? owned. Teeth H
A / Electricity as employed by us prevents pain; saves you time W W
W^ / and expense. Our prices are one-half tho« charged by other \^^ M
/ first-class dentists. WSSS^^^^^^H^^'- __ X
/ Gold Fillings from • ••• .............fac \ .
C~y/ Cleaning Teeth fr0m;..... ••••• •• s "9 , . X>-^
Plates warranted to fit. fr0m........... :M'.TV: ** °° /^-^ '
\ No charge for extracting when plates are ordered. ■.• , •-... / •
« .It costs you nothing If we do not EXTRACT your Teeth / AMM& -
*> WITHOUT PAIN. -■_.- M SB
\ Bridge work, per tooth, from • *3 50 I mmsmm
\ We deal honestly with our patients, and when we do your work ,' MSSfmA
you will find it good. German. French and Swedish spoken; I WBmfytm
I Ladr attendants. Telephone Mint 1554 ■ , . - W W
/ Hours, 9to 6:30 and 7:30 to 10; Sundays till 4. \ B^ SI
' METROPOLITAN DENTAL PARLORS, V r
/ ■ '■■ Opposite Phelan Monument. • \
/ 9&~7 MARKET ST.— 92 7 V /~\ C
C^<- T.S. HIGGINS, D.D.S. " /
H\/^W&~~\ /^Wt\ ' -Sim
VIGOROUS
POLICY OF
VON BULOW
Promises to Guide the
Germans in a Safe
Course.
Significant Passage in His
Speech Relating to
Crete.
Will Not Support Russia in
Future Compulsory Meas
ures in Turkey.
APPEASING AGRARIANS.
One Newspaper Protests Against the
Arrangement and Styles It
"Broad Usury."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN, Feb. 12.— The proceedings
in the Reichstag and Diet this week
were unusually interesting. There were
a number of significant declarations
from the minister members of the
Reichstag. The maiden speeches of
Baron yon Bulow, the Minister for
Foreign Affairs, have been approved by
almost the entire press, and the im
pression prevails in parliamentai y
circles that a vigorous foreign policy,
patterned after Prince Bismarck's, will
mark Baron yon Bulow's regime, par- ;
ticularly as the Emperor has expressed
entire approval of his methods. While
Baron yon Bulow's references to Kiao
chat] were enthusiastically received by
SVMi the Leftists, a passage referring
to Crete was the most important. He !
practically announced that Germany j
would not support Russia In any fur
ther compulsory measures In Turkey.
The utterances of Count Posadow
sky, the Minister for the Interior, es
tablished that the Government is fully
determined to support the Agrarian de
mands much more strongly than here
tofore. Count yon Kanitz, the extrem
ist leader of the Agrarians, proclaimed ■
this fact amid the plaudits of the Agra
rians and Rightists.
Herr Richter, the Radical leader, in
an intensely aggressive speech, said
this frankness was an advantage, as it
enabled the people to plainly see the
extent and boldness of the Agrarian
schemes.
Herr Bebel and other Socialists se- j
verely scored the Government for prom
ising its powerful aid in systematically :
raising the price of cereals in order to ;
enrich a small number of big land own- j
ers.
The Vorwaerts, in a scathing article i
headed "Broad Usury," takes the gov- j
ernment and the Emperor to task for ;
"now splitting upon the same commor- ;
cial treaties they thought the height ■
of wisdom a few years ago." The p]m- '
peror's statement in 1895 that he could ;
not help to make the poor man's bread
dearer as it would be equivalent to the i
worst kind of usury is quoted and con
trasted with his present attitude.
Count yon Kanitz also declared in
the Reichstag that it was not contra- ;
dictative that "there was not the
slightest chance of Germany's agree
ing to a treaty with the United States j
on the basis of the prevailing Dingley j
tariff and the ridiculous reciprocity
clauses."
The importation of Chinese coolies :
was also touched upon in the Reichs- :
tag. It was affirmed and denied that j
the Importation of coolies on a large
scale had been inaugurated by land \
owners of East Germany. It is learned '
that several syndicates have already i
been formed for their wholesale impor- >
tation. One syndicate, composed of i
land owners of East Prussia, has con- \
tracted for 1200 Shantung coolies to be j
delivered at their estates to compete i
with German farm labor before June i
6. Several similar contracts have been ;
signed.
Letters received from Kioachau show
that things are not peaceful there, as !
the Government professes. The Ger- i
mans have sent several expeditions into !
the interior to punish the natives for
outrages upon sentinels at outlying
points, and there have been several
encounters. In one case two Chinese
officers and a number of followers were
killed, and a Village has been destroyed
and a camp broken up. The Germans
sleep on their arms and fear a sudden
attack.
The Emperor on Thursday was pres
ent at the parade of the Fifth Regi
ment of guards at Spandau before
their new colonel, the Russian Grand
Duke Constantlne, and his Majesty
created a sensation by walking up to
his guests with his drawn saber and
saluting while saving in a ringing
voice: "Always friends with our dear
neighbor and co-laborer, Russia, I
hope."
At the luncheon afterward at the
officers' mess tthe Emperor drank to
the health of the Grand Duke, saying,
"To a future comradeship in arms."
The Grand Duke Constantine did not
respond and hardly touched his glass
wih his lips.
One day the Emperor, while swear
ing in the naval recruits at Wilhelms
ADVERTISEMENTS. \
-H-H-E-H-H-H-H-H-H-B-B-E-H-n-B-B-H-n-B-i-I
. . . oyv . . .
am- m W/W m m "m 1 .
S* I p I I
HAriy!
Commencing To-Morrow and follow-
ing days we will place on Special Sale
150 pieces of FRENCH POPLIN PLAIDS
in all the newest colorings, full 38 inches
wide, at
havan, made a characteristic speech.
During the coming week his Majesty
■will attend the swearing in of re
cruits at Kiel.
Throughout the week there have been
great snowfalls and inundations in
parts of the Sudetin Mountains which
suffered so severely from Hooding last
summer. The water rose six feet in
three hours at Schreibershau, devastat
ing the whole neighborhood. At other
mountain towns, the people were forced
to flee for their lives. If the weather
continues another big catastrophe is
expected.
The North Gorman Lloyd Steamship
Company and the Hamburg-American
Steamship Company have jointly or
dered, at German yards, four steamers
for the far East traffic, to cost 22,000,000
marks.
Duke Theodore of Bavaria, who is a
noted oculist, is now in Algeria with
his daughter Sophie, earning great pop
ularity among the Arabs. In his won
derful operations he is assisted by his
daughter. A sheik of great influence
and wealth, who has been cured by the
Duke, has presented his daughter with
a famous Arab burse, which she sent
to her aunt, the Empress of Austria.
The annual meeting oj the Federa
tion of Husbandry opens in this city
on Monday, and Important debates
will occur. Resolutions will be passed
calling upon the Government to assist
the agriculturalists, by all available
means, .in the struggle with foreign
competition. A Government represent
ative will attend the meeting and will
make important announcements.
The American colony here will cele
brate Washington's birthday. The
United States Embassador, Andrew D.
White, will receive the Americans at
his residence, and there will be music
and dancing at the Kaiserhnf In the
IWMilßßißMawMWMMa^rii-riii'jii ■ ■!■■■ |f you want instruction about any-
| B 1 B 7 A • IT"\ 1 thing y° try to find out all about
§ 1 \ MmmdJi^L MmJ ■ I '* rom some trustworthy source.
rlil^■^■l l Vlffltll ll ym^^¥mfmfl^m^m^FiMmi You know that; your strength is
fast-leaving you, for you have pains in the back, in the side, in
the chest and a sense of weakness. Now you know that
means loss of vitality. You are becoming a nervously weak
mortal. You want to get rid of that dull and half dead feeling.
You should be a man again. You ought to get rid of that feel-
ing of puniness. You should be full of vigor now as you once
were. Why not do it? '» Hudyan, 11 the perfect and rapid
remedio-treatment introduced by the Hudson doctors, stops all
drains in a week. It gives you a grand feeling of manhood
once more ; it saves, you • 3
| -A-INTID |
r Gives you the splendid vim of youth. It has done that for at least
■ 20,000 people in this world; and it will not fail in your case. Write
and ask about what.it has done for others. It will be a pleasure to
the doctors to see you if you can call at the Institute, but if you
cannot call a note will do just as well. Free circulars and
testimonials telling you about "Hudyan" for the asking. Ask
to see the chief consulting physician. He will see to
it that you are promptly treated, , that you are given
the best attention in the wide world, and in a
month you won't know yourself, -^^HdMHMHnBiH
so strong and vigorous will you be. I ¥ II At^ I
The doctors' advice is as free as I § j, I %/ ■"_. I
circulars and testimonials. SmMnHBH i^^B^^^^^w
Rl flfin The " 30 " ( ? a y .blood. bIood cure " is a certain and
DLUUUI sw 'ft specific for all forms of blood taint.
P, Pimples, scaly patches, boils ; and ulcers in the
;; mouth all show it. You can get free circulars
. of "30-day blood cure," too, for the asking.
RI ilfiFl .'• No matter what the stage of ; the disease is,
DLUUUi cure > s sur @-
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets,
SAN FRANCISCO.
;H UD IS CIRCULARS FRE&
evening. Mr. White will make
speech.
Miss Minnie Case, an American ac
tress who has been playing at the Cen
tral Theater, has suddenly disappeared
I and her whereabouts is a mystery. The
police have been appealed to, but have
been unable to trace her.
Sculptor Loeher of Chicago gave an
| exhibition of his recent work this week,
! which was visited by the Emperor, the
! ex-Empress, Mr. White and others. The
former Empress ordered a bust.
Herbert D. Squiers, formerly second
secretary of the United States Embassy
here, and Mrs. Squiers and their fam
ily sailed for Peking on Wednesday
from Genoa. Mr. Squiers is going to
China, in order to assume the post of
; secretary of the United States Lega
tion at Peking.
The Mayor of Metz has communicat
ed the following telegram from Emper
or William to the inhabitants of that
city: "To give the magnificent and an
cient city of Metz and its inhabitants
a singular proof of my good will and
interest, I announce that I have decid
ed to abandon the old ramparts east
and south, and order them to be dis
mantled, so that the city may take new
and vigorous development and extend
during peace, without a guarantee of
which this measure could not be taken."
Defends His Accused Father.
CARSON. Feb. 12.— Fred Garman, the
pnn of Mrs. Garman, who was murdered
in Carson Valley, gave a card to the press
this afternoon in which he says that the
statement recently published to the ef
fect that his father collected an insur
ance on his mother's life is false. Mrs.
Garman, he declares, carried no life in
surance. He insists that his mother was
murdered by the tramp. Williams, and
that Williams was discharged without
the principal witnesses against him hav
ing: been Riven a chance to testify.ZOLA VERY
FOND OF THE
NOTORIETY
Prefers the Attacks
of Howlers to
Silence.
From Voltaire and Hugo
He Obtained the Idea
of the Defense.
Has He Calculated in Vain
Upon Mounting a Popular
Pedestal ?
CONVICTION SEEMS SURE.
Jurors Afraid to Overthrow the Gov
ernment to Find, the Nove'iat
Not Guilty.
Copyright, 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
LONDON, Feb. 12.— There Is
little chance of the acquittal of
Emlle Zola. The mob would be
ready to lynch the jury, and the
soldiers are much more excited
than they appear to be. Dislike
for secret trial, however, is in
creasing, and should M. La
borle's eloquence exert an ac
quittal the Government is bound
to fall, In which case the army
may issue a pronunciamento.
The chances are decidedly
against such an overturn, but
there Is nc lack of funds for a
revolutionary movement. The
Jews are frightened and enraged
at th^ir position under the par
liamentary republic.
PARIS, Feb. 12.— We shall not see
tho t!ni?h this week of the burning,
ishingr, panting affair which for
- past has held Paris In a state of
hypnotism which overshadows every
.. in business and politics both, and
g such society embarrassment
in order to render society gather
possible In certain salons, host
- have given out the following
formula: "While sitting at the table,
speaking on the subject of the Dreyfus
question Is forbidden. This applies
not only to the Dreyfus affair, but to
all other affairs which are connected
with It and spring out of this ques
tion."'
What are Zola's feelings amid all
this? I asked him the question. He
replied: "The more people Insult me
and cry after me the better I like it.
I ha^e behind my chariot a horde of
insult^rs. I have always had them,
since I became known, and I fear
the day when I shall not be surrounded
by howlers."
For those who know Zola's pride
words may be an explanation —
partial explanation —of affairs. He
fears nothing so much as silence, and
lefense of Callas by Voltaire and
the pleading of Victor Hugo for John
Brown inspired him with the idea of
d^f^nding Dreyfus. He has wished to
be before every one, to have something
to do with everything, and not being
able to realize all the ambitions which
his prodigious will power for working
seemed to warrant, having refused to
become a Deputy because he was not
rat or, having abandoned the idea
mg received by the Pope, who re
fused him the entry of the Vatican,
and also of entering the French Acad
emy, which seemed not disposed to
open its doors, he considered that the
pedestal had been placed before him in
such a possible enterprise which inter-
I him and invited his sincere con
vj.-tions, an enterprise which attracted
him as a novelist, accustomed as he is
to follw the thread of darksome in
trigue. He believed, I say, in this role.
If he could expose himself to mortifi
cation and attacks he would also
achieve unique rank and universal
fame.
From the point of view of the no
toriety of the affair, added to his name,
he made no mistake, but perhaps he
has discounted the sudden changing of
opinion in France, which has not yet
been brought out. It is not likely,
but a. very curious observation concern
ing Zola was made to me in court at
thK- last sitting by a distinguished phil
ologfst.
"Look," he said, "at those slight
ataxic movements of the left leg and
that declivity of the side of the mouth.
.Are not these signs hardly yet notice-
able of the commencement of paraly
sis, the precursor of that kind of mad
known as folie dcs grandeurs?"
■ us hope this observation is only
a hypothesis, and not a diagnosis.
"What will be the end? It is not pos
sible to foretell the result. Many an
nounce an acquittal as possible, some
bet two to one, but seem more
animated by their sympathies and the
I eloquence of Zola's counsel. La
borie, which contrasts with the cold,
unpleasinp: speech of the Advocate
il, Van Cassel.
s- trerai points for an appeal have al
ready been taken by the defense. The
lonrtemnation of Zola will not stop his
. mis from attempting revision of
the Dreyfus trial. As to Zola's acquit
tal, that is rath"!- improbable after the
form.'i! evidence of generals who seem
to have made an impression on the
Jury. This ftcqdfttal would be the sig
nal for grave troubles. It would be
difficult to defend the person of Zola,
also. Outside Paris, the Israelites in
nces, especially Algeria, would be
. t to violence, which it would be
difficult to suppress.
THE LIE HURLED
IN OPEN COURT.
One Sensational Incident in the Zola
Trial That May Result in
a Duel.
PARIS, Feb. 12.— There were the
usual crowds and demonstrations to
day at the trial of Zola and Perrieux,
though the force of Republican Guards
*xound the court had been increased to
THE EMPORIUM. |
OUR VALENTINE GREETING. MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14-THE FIRST EXHIBIT OF j
DAINTY IMPORTED AND DOMESTIC WASH DRESS FABRICS FOR 1898. BEAU- j
TIFUL SILKS FOR SPRING AND SUMMER FRESH FROM THE LOOMS. AD- I
: VANCE SHIPMENT OF SPRING DRESS GOODS. NEW HOSIERY. NEW GLOVES, j
"The Blacksmith; 7 Delorme's
wonderfully realistic painting,
which won the admiration of thou-
sands of visitors to the big store dur-
ing January, has been secured for
two weeks more, and will again be
put on exhibition in our art room,
second floor. This is the last chance
to see the painting in this city.
Don't miss it. Absolutely free.
Boys' Clothing Sale.
tAC\ c.,+oc .,+0 65c
On the dollar for the entire stock
iFTrVff " #t JJ^\ of the Chicago Clothing Com-
rH^" * Thm^w pany's Children's Clothing, as an-
(iju U'/Tw T\ nounced in last Sunday's papers.
Y/A rW l/jij The great values have crowded
JJli» v )rl JSy) the Children's Department daily.
"*• Come before yout boy's si^e is gone.
Boys' Reefer and Double-breasted Suits, for ages 4to 14— Chi- <£ 4Ar
cago Clothing Co.'s prices $2.50 and 53 Our sale price *P > *^**
Boys' All-wool Suits— Tweeds and Cheviots— in reefers, middy and
double-breasted styles— for ages 4to 14 years— Chicago Clothing d--^ or
Co.'s prices $3.50 and $4. Our sale price »pz.»-J J
Boys' All-wool Suits, in sailor, middy, reefer and double-breasted styles
—what the Chicago Clothing Co. ask «4 and $5 for. Our sale qr
price • •■ 4>^» 7 ?
Boys' Fancy All-wool Worsted Suits, in reefers, middy, sailor and
double-breasted styles— those that the Chicago Clothing Co. ask d*o or
«6 and 56.50 for. 'Now $O*O
All Novelty Knee Pants Suits, that the Chicago Clothing Co. &-a o/r
ask 57.50 and $8.50 for. Ready tor your cnoice now at 4>*±»U J
Boys' Long Pants Suits, in fancy cheviots— ages 15 to 19 years n or
— Chicago Clothing Co.'s prices «6 and $7. On sale now at «p«J.O J
Boys' All-wool Long Pants Suits, in fancy plaids and blue and black
cheviot, for ages 14 to 19 years— Chicago Clothing Co prices &■[- or
58.50 and Jio. Our sale price • J>*J*7sJ
500 Mother's Friend Shirt Waists, that the Chicago Clothing Co. A(\
old at 75c each. While the lot lasts at *±UC
$1.50 Percale
Shirts $1.00. :
We select for this advertisement
5 splendid values from the spe-
cial offerings made in the
Men's Furnishing Department
this week. We call particular at-
tention to the two lines of Shirts.
-x Men's French Per-
fT^i cale Shirts, with
vJ separate link cuffs
A (%2£^_ e . and tie to match,
/^*''£jgjf ; -M regular price Jr. 25
\^J j jij||r \ and Jr. so, special
/ IE l\ this week 1 t\f\
I *\ -^g I \\ CjjI.UU
L'/ y-j Men's Madras and
7/ *> French Percale
( J Stanley Shirts, good
1; ;',H! ! iIT values at Jr. 25
and Si. so, <ci (\r\
special this week q>I.W
Men's English* Vicuna Shirts and
Drawers, regularly sold at $2.c0 per
garment, special for this <t»i s(\
week q>l.3U
Men's Sanitary Australian Wool
Jersey Ribbed Shirts and Drawers,
regular price $1.50, special <r>|
for this week qjl.XvJ
Men's Sanitary Wool' Half Hose,
regular price 3 pairs for $1.00, C r
special for this week, per pair..
Orders from out-of-town
folks by mail or telephone
are shipped without delay
on day received. The same
prices and large stocks to
select from as though you
came in person.
~*' — ~^&*^£^' '*~ a *£*3tJ^JZr'"*~— ~ ****?&&< ■ ••» '.'* . -^.w^tsssi--**— • - »s££3s^is®fc- y*^** ♦
four companies. It was announced to
day that General Billot, Minister for
War. had Instituted proceedings
against If. Courant. the barrister, who,
at the close of the proceedings in court
yr-sterday, was arrested for shouting:
"Down with the commanding officers!"
Colonel Picquart, who was recalled,
said he believed that General Pellieux
had not thought it incumbent upon him
to order the bordereau letter to be sub
mitted to expert examination for the
purposes of the Estf>rhazy inquiry, and
the witness added that Major Ravaery
doubtle^ unwillingly took the same
course and founded his judg-nent on
incomplete and inadequate documents.
Replying to the presiding Judge, Col
onel Picquart said he had # received M.
Leblois fifteen times in his private of
fice, but the witness denied communi
cating to him the secret document com
mencing with the words, "That s.oun
drel, D "
M. Henry, who was recalled, said
that the document waa on the table
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1898.
THE EMPORIUM.
A Dress Goods Sensation*
For Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday, if the lot lasts that long (136 full pieces),
we will sell 40- Inch All- Wool Fancy Dress Goods-
Scotch Cheviot Effects, Two-Toned Diagonals.
Heather Mixtures, Moharane Brocades, Pin Checks. — .
Crepon Check Effects, English Tweed Effects. B t^^>
More than 50 styles and dark colorings, for every-day dresses, school frocks, j£jkJ\^,
skirts and waists, most of these worth 50c a yard or more, tor
First Aisle Left of Main Entrance. THE YARD
Sale from 8:oO a. m. to 6 p. m. daily.
"R^*./-w^i!*> i«-» A business
JDargam 111 chance placed- In
fy , ourhanrlsa large
Lurtains* lot ° f £ ne J. -
ported Curtains
for about half their actual worth. We
will sell them to our patrons this week
on the same basis.
Fine Brussels Effects, 3^ yards by
66 inches, worth 56.75 per <t>|.2s
pair, for m* ■ —
Fine Brussels Effects, 3> 2 yards by
64 inches, worth $5.00 per fI^O.OO
pair, tor h>*3 —
Fine Brussels Effects, 3^ yards by
57 inches, worth $6 50 a pair, <r> * 25
for vJH- —
Fine Brussels Effects, 3^ yards by
55 inches, worth 56.75 a pair, <t4.25
for '.. u>t" —
Fine Brussels Effects, 3^ yards by
55 inches, worth $5.25 a pair, d^0.50
for 3>3 —
Superior quality of Fishnet Cur- *>•<>(>
tains, worth $5.00 a pair, for <!> O
Beautiful ami serviceable Nov- <g /{ .25
elty Curtains, worth W.TS a pair, for €j7T' — -
Designs and estimates furnished for
eo{ v corners, and draperies of all kinds.
72: st workmanship and lowest prices on
the upholstery work.
Curtain and Drapery Department— .
Second floor, near Elevator.
Chin?*? One of the si 2 hts
ullllCbC of this grand store
TkiTiir — in fact, one of the
OaZ-aar* sights of San Fran-
cisco is the Beautiful Chinese
and Japanese Bazaar now lo-
cated on the main floor, at
Jessie-street entrance. It ex-
cels in beauty and size of stocks
the most famous bazaars in
Chinatown, and- tourists can
avoid the unpleasant features of
shopping in the Celestial quarter.
You will be surprised at the
lowness of the prices on all sorts
of curios and Oriental wares.
when M. Leblois visited Colonol Pic
quart.
M. Laborie pointed out contradictions
in M. Henry's evidence, and Major P.a
vaery's report, whereupon M. Henry
advanced excitedly upon M. Laborie
and shouted: "I will not tolerate
your casting suspicion upon my evi
dence."
Colonel Picquart protested against
M. Henry's language, whereupon the
latter shouted: "I aver that Colonel
Picquart has Lied in this matter." (Up
roar).
Colonel Picquart then addressed the
jury: "You have heard M. Henry,
Major Lauth and Major Paty dv Clam
bring abominable charges against me.
All the steps I took in this matter have
not been forgotten. I believed it was
expedient to introduce light and justice
into the affair, for which I was over
whelmed with insults. I am the victim
of good faith, and have- to pay for the
propriety of my conduct and for my
attachment in the cause I consider
| THE EMPORIUM.
Dry Goods Department
Many seasonable items from the several sections —
special mid-February trade-winners. There is sure to
be something you need in this list and at lower prices
t han you expected to have to pay.
Thp New . Our spring
1 Lie new importation
White Goods, embracesevery
desirable fabric
—no more complete assortment will be
snown this season — the latest styles
in fancy and all standard makes of
India Linons, Victoria Lawns, Cam-
brics, Apron ;ttes, Plain and Dotted
Swisses, Tarlatans, Dimities, Duck-
ings, Mulls, etc.
Imported French White Organ-
dies, 68 inches wiJe, per yard 50c
White French Pique, corded and
fancy patterns, per yard .....25c
White Etamines, in check and lace
effe per yard 10c to 30c
W^h rW«s<; A few of the
asn i^ress new sty)es in fan .
T^at^rtrs; cy Wash Goods were
raDnCs># shown last week. Al-
most a complete assortment ready tor
this week. Won't you have a first
choice ?
French Organdies Velour Africanes
and Imro ted Dimities— the new
1898 styles— per yard 20c
Heavy White Amoskeag Cotton
Tennis, to close — per yard. ..6^c
_^ A Veiling
tA Veiling
Aoout 1000 yards
left or the Ali-Silk
<bM§3Etilffi'''3 Tuxedo Veiling ad-
v-^^^.;-X'^.Vv -^^^.;-X'^.V vertised last week.
<dl|wn|^'-y<£y Fancy Meshes,plain
or dotted, browns,
navies and black,
fi a great bargain at
' fw, 1 *-V^.\}/ the special price,
- A •:•■•, \> per yard
*- 10c,
Fancy Silks And for full cos"
rancy oiiKs tum;s as well .
for Waists ' T "° erv dcsi K r !
able lines, ab
surd low pr iced:
Fancy 75c Jacquard Figured Silks,
choice high-grade fabrics (about 20), 4
exquisite designs and color combina-
tions, regular specially priced, Sf\ r
per yard 3vFC
Fancy 85c Ja-quard Figured Silks,
in . satin and eros-grain effects, all
new designs and choice color com-
binations, a good heavy qual- £Z£\ r
ity, specially, priced, per yard... V"^
npl^. The March num-
X IIC . ber ready. A fine
r\ 1. . selection of spring
JJelmeatOr. styles are repre-
sented, and it is
admirable in its literary featurss. - It
is the most desirable of all fashion
magazines, and is constantly growing
in popularity. ■
Subscription price $1.00.
Single Copies 15c.
D. «f"4-/»*»</« It- sst on a firm
•DuLLCriCK. foundation— that of
TD m. merit. Others come
1 attemS and go. These stay,
having been tried
and found to be all that could be de-
sired. Fashion Sheets and Catalogues
mailed free on application.
Emporium and Golden 'Tittle
Bazaar Pattern Department.
After a heated altercation between Major Esterhazy, adding that the only
the presiding Judge and M. Laborie re- object of the court-martial seemed to
garding some dates, M. Henry startled be to justify him. M. Juares also re
the court by affirming that the docu- proached the Ministers bitterly for not
ment with the words "that scoundrel facing the jury.
D " had no connection with Dreyfus, { "Throw light upon the affair," in
but belonged to a different lot of pa- quired M. Juares, oratorically. "Why
pers, and was of no consequence. The have the Deputies, a majority of whom
real Dreyfus papers, witness added, had are convinced that M. Dreyfus' trial
never been seen. was irregular, not demanded light?"
M. Ranc. a prominent newspaper The Socialist Deputy then lauded M.
man, testified that M. Zola was struck Zola for "denouncing his maligners and
by the partiality shown at the. Ester- | persecutors," dragging the staff from
hazy court-martial, and he classed M. ! its miserable irresponsibility, which is
Zola's article as being the "act of a j paving the way for future disasters."
great-hearted, brave man." This remark caused a tumult, in
M. Girard, an author, gave similar which cheers and groans were mingled,
testimony. M. Juares, the Socialist M. Laborie then asked for the produc
deputy, followed. He criticized the tion of the secret papers and the bor-
Government generally, and attributed dereau for the purpose of comparing
the secrecy at the Esterhazy court- the handwriting, but the presiding
martial to the necessity for concealing | Judge and the Advocate-General op
the contradictions in the opinions of ' posed the proposition. A warm discus
the experts in 1894 and 189.' on the bor- i slon followed, and the application was
dereau. Continuing, M. Juares charged I refused after a recess had been taken
the general staff with connivance wlthj for the consideration of M. Laborie's
THE EMPORIUM.
Finest French New goods
nnesi rrencn from th? best
Kid Gloves. makers in Eu-
IS.IO UlOVe&. rop e-latest
colorings— choicest skins — absolutely
without flaw— fitted and guaranteed.
Our special offer for February only, to
keep up brisk trade.
One dollar fifty Gloves- $1.25
Two dollar Gloves $L5O
Extra Special.
Ladies' Two and
Three Clasp and /Qm&.
Four Button Kid /ofir%
Gloves, to close on /7??te». /']**/
account of assort- /;GjyV-3»/
me nt not being com- fit wy $ f/O^
plite. The remain- I Jr/ • ////
ing shades are Ima / Wyy
black, browns, I ■Mi / ]$/
modes, tans, grays, Lj£?7 / /Kr
pearl, white, but- n^/l//
ter — fitted and war- 1 ////
ranted— the special [j jI I
closing price o(T \ljj
per pair O3C
Hn<sfPrv and These tour items
nOSiery ano are in spring and
Underwear, summer weights
and styles. They
are specially, marked for this week's
selling only:
Lades' Imported Hose, fancy drop
stitch, black boots and striped tops,
sizes 8 to 10, reduced trom 40c 'JCJ^
a pair to ./.......^ XvJC
Boys' Fast Black Seamless 'Ribbed
Cotton Hose, double toes, heels and
knees, sizes 5 to 0.,, reduced |^l
from 20c a pair t0..... • l^2i*
Ladies' Spring-weight "Stuttgarter"
Sanitary Wool Vests and Drawers,
natural gray and white, sizes 28 to 40
inches, regular price under the new
tariff laws 52.00 per gar- q>t c/\
ment, all sizes this week.... <Jfi»^J\J
Boys' White Merino Vests and
Drawers, for ages $ to 14 years, sizes
24 to 34, the regular price of the large
sizes 40c to 50c each, special "^Ap
price, any size..:.: Km
Sheets and ]££?& Beddinf
Pillowcases. jygUi-t
450 Dairs best duality Sheets — torn
by hand — neatly hemmed — dry
ironed — size 81x90 inches— each..ssc
350 pairs extra heavy white ready-
made Pillowcases— 36x45
inches— each 12}^c
! Popular Books
at Reduced Prices*
Publisher's Our
Price. Price
Casa Bracclo. by Crawford.... s2 00 $1 00
Memories of Hawthorne, by
Lathrop :...... 2 00 125
Children of the Ghetto, by
Zangwlll 1 BO .5
Kate Carnegie, by Maclaren.. 1 60 75
Trooper Peter Halket, by
Schreiner .• — •••••• 125 80
The Day of His Youth, by
Brown ■....•.:....... 100 45
The Red Cockade, by Weyman 1 50 75
Sister Jane, by Harris 150 ; 75
Great K. and A. Train Rob-
bery, by F0rd............ 125 60
Hilda Stratford, by Harraden. 1 23 60
Brigadier Gerard, by Doyle. 150 75
Bessie Costrell, by Ward:...:.. 75 :' ■: 30
Hundreds of copyrighted paper-covered
novels by standard authors," published at
60c; our price ...' ..............19c
THE EMPORIUM.
If you are going to Alaska don't fail to
visit our Klondike Display, which occupies
an entire section of the store. Get our prices
on best qualities of everything needed.
Our Handsome Klondike Book, printed
in colors, profusely illustrated, telling fares,
values of best claims, distances, routes, what
men and women need in Alaska, and much
other valuable information, free in city or
country on application. Address Advertising
Bureau, The Emporium, San Francisco.
/y 20% Off Carpet
During the past few months TxPtTI r\ 3ri f-c
of greatly increased Carpet -i-V^lllllCHH.o*
Sales there has accumulated a very large number of
Remnants, many of them large enough for a room (2^
to 30 yards). There are choice patterns of Bigelow
Axminsters,: Wiltons, Body Brussels, Velvets and Tapes-
tries. On all of these we will, deduct 20 per cent from
our already lowest prices in the West — for example:
Axminster Carpet, regularly $1.25 yard
„ * Less special 20 per cent... .25 yard 
\ _s=f Will now be................... Ji.ooyard jM?>B
Ipj^v' '% ' Bring the measurements of your rooms Ir^jffl
t&£e£¥' an come early for a first choice. '\ . >f£&Tnl
■ fc^'^' iff t» .»'- r*t. »• • Ifco*//
H*—^ These Reception Chairs jf
jpspsi '■• $3.00. f 1 ■■m&mz
■\f ™' "" g r . These and other, handsome styles of. I] /^» , — in —
n \ IT 54,' $5 and $6 Reception Chairs, up- !\i ' I [j]^,
[' V\ holstered in satin damask, rich broca- I/X*.. II
v— ; — telles and other fine- coverings, will be Hi-**— "
I^— -^=s=s put on sale as a leader ■ford' -3- (\C\'<'^
] this week, each................. ;4>O»UU
We will continue for one week longer the sale of those $4 hand-rubbed
2nd polished cobbler-seated Rockers, advertised last Sunday, fhe &-*y <-\r\
special price while the lot lasts is ...............'. J>4*^\J
Furniture and Carpet > ' ;
Department second floor.-
GrOCery Only foods of the
VjrOCCfy highest standard of
— , ( I excellence find shelf
ta room in our model
Opetldlb* Grocery De p artment .
From two to six special reductions from
our always lowest prices are made
each day. Here are the specials tor
Monday and Tuesday Only.
Choice Eastern Hams— regu- < « _
larly 13c Ib— for the iwo days.. >>C
Cooper's Olive Oil— quart bottles—
regularly 98c— for the two days or
2 : lb packages Quaker Oats— regu- 1
larly 13c each— for the two days q_
Cream Breakfast Wheat, regularly
3c lb— for the two days, 10 lbs jr
Regular Prices.
New Ripe Manzanillo * *,00
Olives, per ga110n.......... •-P * —
.Fancy New Queen Olives, <: | .00
per ga110n.......... • 4* ' —
Fancy Lemons, per.dozen 4 c
Best Nivel Oranges, per Af\
dozen.... uc
• Grocery Department— Rear -
■ Main Floor. Telephone South 59.
Four Great Specials
Wines and Liquors*
Table Claret, regularly 45c
; gallon— one week ...... 27c
Pure Old Port, regularly 75c
gallon — week .. .... 59c
Pure Old Sherry, pale and
dry, : regularly $1 gallon —
one week ... 79c
Pure Old Bourbon Whisky,
regularly $2.75 gallon — one '
week ..........$2.20
Direct' Telephone-
. Jessie 1411. ,
written arguments.
M. Bertillon, the handwriting expert,
testified that Dreyfus wrote the bor
derau, adding that if he had the in
criminating documents seized at the
residence of Dreyfus in 1894 he would
prove It.
M. Bertillon also said that he had
copies of documents upon which his
opinion was based.
Replying to M. Laborie, M. Bertillon
said he could produce them only on the
court's order.
This caused the Judge to remark:
"Only the Minister for War has au
thority to Issue such an order."
"Then we are certain not to get it,"
replied M. Laborie.
Court was then adjourned until Mon
day.
The crowd acclaimed the officers and
there were a few scuffles, but nothing
serious occurred. It is said that Colo
nel Picquart has sent his seconds to M.
Henry on account of the latter's asser
tion that the colonel lied. , , ixn
| THE EMPORIUM.
! Gas Lamps Save hal
r\ 1 or thegasand
Unly ; ysc get three
| times the light given by
| ordinary burners by using
j one of • the • Emporium In-
candescent Gas Lamps now
on special sale. . • '
Another lot t\fKlr
;of 2200, com- \v- I i! '■'//,
• plete as in pic- ' f i/fa
ture, with ,v> ' y* 1 ■,
mantle, shade MM£&££3g£
j and chimney, .^??^fM J!iii^
| regular price M.i ; i^
j $2.00, on spe- ,-m,§^
cialsaleqi- y / /-J^|Lan^-
at........ "jc
Our mantles '//^\\\^ •
fit any incan- ' l "*'
descent gas lamp— price each.- O^r
Best Glass Chimneys, each... ia.
North Carolina Mica Chim- r
neys— don't break — each Jl*
A Big Gas Saver.
Here's another special
lamp offer:
;4; 4 1 Incandescent Gas Lamp,
value $2.00
■",'■. 1 v Patent Regulator, .th at
makes it impossible to consume
more than enough gas to give a •
beautiful white light, va1ue...... .25
1 extra Mantle, value .50
. Put on your gas fixture by an
experienced fitter 20
Total ......■'........52.95
. This week all for $1.45
Gas Lamp Department—
In Rotunda.
_In the Chamber of Deputies to-day
several members sought to revive the
Dreyfus discussion, but the Minister for
War, General Billot, and the premier,
M. Meline, urged that the interpella
tion be deferred until the trial of M.
Zola is finished. M. Roche attempted
to reply, but he was called to order,
and the Government was sustained by
478 to 72 votes. General Billot de
nounced the reports that he was nego
tiating with the Dreyfus family con
cerning a reopening of the case, and hB
repeated that Dreyfus was guilty.
Don't Be Misled.
Mr. G. Ochs, lately with the Indianap
olis Furniture Company, is now partner
of the big house of the Pattosien Furni
ture Company. Sixteenth and Mission.
Mr Ochs asks his many friends to call
on him, particularly during the big Bale
which is now going on. •
(' The Rosy Freshness
Ana a velvety softness of the skin is inva-
riably obtained by those who use Pozzoui'a
Complexion Powder.
56
SUNDAY. .....~mT. -.FEBRUARY 13, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet a n<l Thlrd Stt - *■ F« ;
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS SIT to £21 Stev«n»on strtet |
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) tt |
•erved by carrier* In this city and surroundlna towrjl
for 16 cents a week- By mall $6 per ytar. per month ,
£5 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by t«all. $1.53 J
OAKLAND OFFICE ■•-.".. 903 Broadway j
Hasten Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON 'D. C. OFFICE RI«H« House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
SRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street. «orr,er Clay
open until 9:30 o'clock- 339 Hayes street: cpen until
5.30 o'clocK- 621 MoAlllster street: open untl! 9:30 ;
e'ctocK- 615 Larklrj street; open until 9:30 o'clock
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open untl!
S o'clock- 2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock
KM Eleventh st.: open until 9 o'clock. '505 Polk strees
cpen until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second
cod Kentucky streets; open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin- "Girl from Paris."
California— Blac* Paul Troubadours.
Columbia— " What Happened to Jones." ;
Alcazar— "Charley's Aunt"
Morosco'B— "The Unknown "
Tlvoli— "The Pearl of Pekln."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Bush— Thalia German-Hebrew Opera Company.
Metropolitan Hall— Lecture Tuesday evening.
Olytnpla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Speolaltles.
The Chutes— CMquita and Vaudeville-
Sherman & Clay Hall, 223 Sutter st.— Concert Tuesday night.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Mining Fair and Klondike Exposition,
Coursing— lng leside Coursing Park, this morning.
Caliiornla Jockey Club, Oakland Racetrack -Races to-morrow
AUCTION SALES.
By Yon Rbeln & Co.— Thursday, February J4, Real Estate, at
636 Market etreet. at 12 o'clock.
THE BEAUTY OF A FIGURE.
T — ; ROM a little town in the South comes the story
of a woman named Crow— whether a relict ot
*■ the justly celebrated Jim Crow does not appear,
But on her own hook she was a remarkable woman.
Mrs. Crow had done something contrary to the peace
and statures, so that necessity had arisen for arresting
her. This task was undertaken by two officers, and a
little later the turmoil began. She did not want to be
«i rested, and was a lady of determined character. Her
daughters were of similar mold. For does not a cor
respondent relate that one of the daughters "flew at
them like an enraged tigress with a big knife"? It
may be supposed that when an enraged tigress with
a big knife essays to fly the prudent would feel an
impulse to get away from there. An enraged tigress,
even unprovided with a knife, is no pleasant spec
tacle, but give her a big knife and set her flying and
she would be a terror. Hence the conclusion is
reached that Mrs. Crow was a remarkable woman.
The past tense is used advisedly, and is an emphasis
to the easily discerned beauty of the figurative lan
guage employed. While she and the younger Crows
were fighting, some of them probably like enraged
tigresses with six-shooters, her spirit took its way to
a new jurisdiction. The correspondent, however, is
believed still to be on earth, and we shall live in the
hope of hearing from him some more.
BUSINESS IN SACRAMENTO.
I" N RESIDENT STEFFENS of the Sacramento
L_y Chamber of Commerce was able to make a
* most encouraging report of the business and
progress of that city in his address at the annual
meeting of the chamber on Friday evening, while at
the same time pointing out how much must be done
in the way of public improvements, particularly on
the river, before Sacramento will have the full meas
ure of commerce and prosperity which her people
have a right to expect.
The rich extent of the fruit industry of California
is well illustrated by the statistics given by President
Steffens of the fruit shipments from his city. From
these it appears that for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1897, there were shipped from Sacramento and
adjacent points 4593 tons of dried fruit, 4505 tons of
canned goods, 1938 tons of vegetables, 1658 tons of
hops, and in 1897, from May to November, inclusive,
the vast total of 41,560 tons of deciduous fruit.
Along with these large overland shipments there
was in the city during the past year an excellent and
prosperous retail trade, due, as Mr. Steffens points
out, to the wages paid out by the large shops and fac
tories for which Sacramento is noted. By reason of
this the financial affairs of the people have been on a
solid foundation, and the progress and development
of the city have been steady and continuous.
All the business and industry now carried on in
Sacramento, however, only emphasizes the need of
river improvement, or, as President Steffens terms it,
"river restoration." The work is one which the Gen
eral Government should undertake, and the argument
for action on its part is now the more potent because
the State has appropriated $300,000 for the enterprise.
This display of State energy cannot fail to have effect
at Washington since it demonstrates the importance
which Californians place upon the proposed improve
ment, and accordingly the outlook for a Government
appropriation in the near future is now more promis
ing than ever.
It is gratifying to note the stress which the Sacra
mento Chamber of Commerce places upon this much
desired work. The improvement of the Sacramento
and the San Joaquinis the State issue of greatest mag
nitude now before the people of California. To pro
mote it there should be cordial co-operation among
all classes of citizens and in all sections of the com
monwealth. It should occupy the attention of
chambers of commerce everywhere and be kept to the
front so long as any portion of the river system re
trains in need of improvement or restoration.
While there is naturally a feeling of sympathy for
the man who swallowed a mouse, the mouse got
distinctly the worst of the arrangement. Evidently
the human stomach is less fitted than that of the
whale to accommodate lodgers, or else the mouse
lacks the power of endurance possessed by the
human as attested beyond dispute by the affair in
which Jonah obtained notoriety.
Tt is an accommodating burglar who will kill him
self rather than be captured. The preference of the
average burglar for killing somebody else is so well
established that the police ought to gratefully ap
preciate an exception.
In all probability there will soon be a settlement
with Canada of the Alaska boundary. All the people
of this country ask is that they may have a fair dea*
hue they do not go so far as to expect it.
WIPE OUT THE SCANDAL.
REPORTS from Chicago, published in The Call
yesterday, disclose a shameful scandal in con
nection with the management of the exhibit es
tablished in that city by the San Francisco Alaskan
Trade Committee. As matters stand the exhibit has
been virtually abandoned, the city discredited, and its
trade injured to an extent which will prove serious
unless immediate steps are taken to repair the wrong.
According to the reports the agents left in charge
of the exhibit have been guilty of almost every con
ceivable form of betrayal of trust. They neglected the
work required of them, they wasted the funds in their
hands they permitted some of their number to ad
vertise the business of a particular transportation
company to the disadvantage of other San Francisco
companies engaged in the same trade, they indulged
in dilations carried to disgraceful excesses, and
finally became so outrageous in their conduct that the
proprietor of the hotel in which they lodged threat
ened to turn them out.
It appears the neglect of duty and the debauchery
began as soon as the agents found themselves in
charge of the exhibit and the funds. When ex-
Governor Sheakley arrived at Chicago to direct the
work of the exhibit he found the committee's reputa
tion had been ruined, the funds wasted and everything
in such confusion that it was impossible for him to
do anything more than to dismiss the dishonest
agents, pay their bills, save them from expulsion from
the hotel, and then pack the exhibit off to railroad
depots and arrange his affairs to return to his old
home in Pennsylvania-
It would be worse than useless to try to cover up
a scandal of this kind. It might be hushed up in San
Francisco, but not in Chicago, and it is in Chicago
where the evil of it is felt. San Francisco has been
discredited there, the money her merchants sub
scribed to promote their trade there has been wasted.
The only thing to be done is to make the scandal
known here in order that our people may be aroused
to remedy the evil before it is too late. It Is to that
end The Call addresses itself. The wrong to the city
has been done, and we expose it for the purpose of
bringing about some action to redeem our credit as
speedily as possible.
There can be no differences of opinion among in
telligent men concerning the value of prompt action
in this emergency. The Alaska trade already active is
quickening itself for the great rush of the spring and
the summer. Experts estimate the rush will continue
for at least two years and will lead to the develop
ment of industries in Alaska that will bring about a
permanent trade of great importance. We must ad
vertise in the East to get that trade, and the Eastern
advertising must be done very largely in Chicago.
Every da^ f lost in redeeming the wrong done by the
agents of the exhibit sent there is a loss of money to
our spring trade and to the prestige of our commerce.
Immediate action should be taken by those in au
thority to investigate the Chicago charges and see if
there is not some way of punishing those who have so
grossly abused their trust. The offenses have not
been petty misdemeanors growing out of incompe
tence and idleness. They have been, according to the
stories, shameful outrages against decency as well as
morality. Such offenses cannot be hushed up and
should not be condoned. The Alaskan Trade Com
mittee will be expected by the public to act at once.
STILL UNEXPLAINED.
EVER since The Call requested Senator Stratton
to make an explanation of his extraordinary re
lations to the various litigants in the Harbor
Commission case now pending in Judge Belcher's
court he has been asking witnesses for the plaintiff all
sorts of questions bearing on the subject. Among the
witnesses questioned has been Mr. Slade himself.
According to the newspaper reports this gentleman
testified to having searched for Senator Stratton and
found him in the vicinity of Stow Lake, to having
employed him as attorney in some cases, to having
paid him for advice and to having listened to his
conscientious scruples concerning his relations to the
Harbor Commission and Slade.
Mr. Stratton has asked other witnesses about his
dual legal character without eliciting any satisfactory
information. He has not come forward with his own
testimony, nor has he, so far as we know, taken Judge
Belcher into his confidence. This is remarkable,
since there is no person in the world so well informed
upon the subject as he, nor so well qualified to pre
sent the public with a full, true and specific account of
the part played by him in the curious transactions be
tween the Dundon-Slade syndicate and the Board of
State Harbor Commissioners.
In default of his testimony, therefore, we are bound
to assume that Senator Stratton has been enacting the
part of a sort of Dr. Jekyll with the commission and
a sort of Mr. Hyde with the Slade combination. In
other words, while advising the former what to do
in the Paraffine Paint Company's and other cases he
has divested himself of all recollection that he ever
was the paid attorney and advisor of Mr. Slade.
While advising the latter what to do in order to get
contracts from the Commissioners or defeat them in
litigation he has blotted from his mind all recollec
tion of his obligations to the State. To act these
parts would, of course, require of Senator Stratton an
extraordinary control of his conscience, but in default
of a more complete explanation from him there is
nothing left for us except to assume that he would
have us consider him equal to the emergency.
We are not disposed to judge Senator Stratten
harshly; he is a reform Senator from Alameda County
and that ought to be sufficient to get him out of al
most any equivocal situation. But we respectfully
submit that he is taxing our credulity rather severely
when he asks us to believe that as attorney both for
the Harbor Commission and for Mr. Slade he could
look out for both parties at the same time. The tes
timony in the Paraffine Paint Company's case shows
that the interests of the two clients were antagonistic.
That is, the Dundon-Slade combination were getting
collusive contracts out of the commission to the
great detriment of the State treasury. Unless Mr.
Stratton can establish that it was a good thing to de
plete the State treasury in this way we shall be dis
posed to stick to the apparently absurd theory that
when he advised Mr. Slade how to carry on his busi
ness to the detriment of the State treasury he was
playing both ends against the middle and was ac
tually getting his fees out of the people.
We regard an explanation from Senator Stratton as
more imperative than ever.
The wires tell a story about a rich Californian who
deserted a home in the East long ago and who, going
back there, found the only survivor of his family to
be his daughter, who was being cared for in the
county poorhouse. Of course he took her out and
tried to make amends for a lifetime of neglect, but
this does not alter the truth that he ought to be kicked
clear back to this State and on out into the Pacific.
If Waller was glad to be indicted the fact of being
under arrest must fill htm with absolute joy.
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, SUXDAY, FEBBUARY 13, 1898.
THE persistent recurrence ever since 1875 of the
financial issue in American politics points to it
as the one selected especially by all the rule-of
thumb politicians as the easiest to talk about and the
most capable of exciting the people. It does not
merely relate to the kind and quantity of money in the
country and the source tf its supply, but it furnishes
a subject which in its discussion enables attacks upon
ownership and an assault upon the laws that uphold
the rights of property.
The greenback movement was the earliest shape as
sumed by this movement. It rapidly ripened into a
demand for fiat paper, issued by the Government, a
full legal tender and irredeemable. This idea is still
in existence in the demand that the Government sub
stitute non interest bearing bonds as a means of
raising money in place of taxation. But all of these
ideas merge readily in the demand for free coinage
of silver at 16 to I. That policy is represented as
satisfactory to the fiatists, because the difference be
tween the bullion and nominal value of the dollar will
be fiat. All those who believe that more money is
needed are easily led to hope for a pecuniary flood in
the form of silver. Another class, who believe that
gold is the rich man's money and silver the poor
man's, join the ranks in the hope of despoiling the
rich and enriching the poor. Then there is a class
who insist that we must have a kind of money that the
bankers cannot handle, and they are enthusiastic in
the belief that the "white metal" will be too hot for
a banker to hold.
As recruits to the ranks made up of the foregoing
there are the classes who adopt, in one form or an
other, the ideas of the socialists, communists, an
archists and even of the nihilists. Free silver is the
captain in command of all this force in politics. The
advocates of that policy in Congress propose to
prevent any permanent adjustment of the financial is
sue because that will remove the cohesive principle
which holds these elements in fusion. Remove that
and their differences put them at angles which make
common action impossible. There is at present a
constant temptation to politicians to seek personal ad
vantage and get office by joining this combination.
The good of the country, the permanent foundations
of general prosperity, the constitutional limitations,
are not considered by these people at all. Facts
make but little difference to them. Even knowing
that if they get power they cannot perform all they
promise, they count with confidence upon their abil
ity to shift the blame from their shoulders and stand
acquitted by their disappointed dupes.
In this situation it is plainly seen that the friends of
sound finance, the men who desire to see the world's
financial center come where it belongs — to this con
tinent, richer in all resources than any other part of
the planet — must get together upon a common policy
and oppose it to the plans of the fiatists. It is not
so much a party as a public question. The President
adopts it as an administration policy because it is a
vast, far-reaching public necessity. If they are wise
the Republicans will make standing room on that is
sue for all men who agree that a sound money policy
must be pleaded in the campaign issues. We see sil
ver Republicans, who believe protection to be a pub
lic necessity, in alliance with silver Democrats who
will use their power, if they get it, to tear down pro
tection, and with Populists who will use their success
to tear down everything. In the emergency presented
by this alliance the sound money men of all shades
of belief on other public questions must feel that there
is room for them to meet in defense of a principle that
underlies all conditions and every requisite of na
tional prosperity.
There is probably nothing in the report that
Spain must apologize or be rebuked by the severance
of diplomatic relations with this country. Spain has
up to the present been permitted to do as she has
pleased, and there is no particular reason for suppos
ing that the administration lias experienced a change
of heart. If Spain were to bombard Key West doubt
less there would be something in the nature of a pro
test, but as it is peace at any price seems to be the
rr.le.
The freak who is on exhibition in Chicago where
she amuses and instructs by swallowing poison,
getting snake-bitten, having nails driven into her
flesh, and doing other things of an equally edifying
character, ought to blow herself up with dynamite.
She is unnecessary. The public can eat pie and ac
quire all the nightmare that is good for it.
A contemporary announces that as a result of a
shooting accident a gentleman has been deprived of
his pantella. The pantclla is a new part of humati
equipment, apparently, and it is to be regretted that
the only person provided with it should have
met with such a loss.
The arrest of ex-Senator Dunn for renting a room
to be used for pool-selling is a start in the right direc
tion. Experience has shown the difficulty of convict
ing a guilty man for this offense, and yet a persistent
series of arrests might discourage him to an en
couraging degree.
It would seem to be part of the duty of the gentle
men having in charge the Miners' Fair to see that the
couple married the other night in public get an early
start for the Klondike. It may be unkind to interfere
with a honeymoon, but the loving pair appear to have
been bluffing.
Whether or not a person who works for a living
shall be admitted to society seems to be a question
with a peculiar faculty of keeping alive. Nobody
outside of society cares what the answer to it may be,
and it ought to be the least of the working person's
troubles.
Kentucky shows symptoms of desiring to be the
scene of pugilistic events like the one enacted in
Nevada a few months ago. Evidently the State feels
that it is not living up to its reputation as dark and
bloody ground. Even its duels are now fought
through the papers at space rates.
Members of New York's four hundred are to give
a function which is described in advance as a veget
able dance. Each guest is to appear as a specimen of
garden truck, and doubtless there will be "some
pumpkins" in the lot.
When an actress announces that she intends to
leave the stage "for good" she leaves a room for
doubt as to where the benefit of this good is to rest.
It is said that De Lome will seek quiet. The plan
is excellent, but followed to a successful end will
necessitate the gentleman's going under an opiate.
Prisoners at the City Jail must indeed have been
kept on short rations when one of them has been de
tected calling for a second help of hash.
"Death to Zola!" shouts the populace of Paris, and
to its cries he responds "Cowards!" Zola seems to
have a useful faculty of siring up m«v
THE FINANCIAL ISSUE.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
Mr. Lynn of Oakland possesses ap
parent confidence in the theory that
the Lord commanded him to kill Mrs.
Lynn. The conclusion that Lynn is a
homicidal liar is the one naturally
drawn from the situation. There is a
lack of evidence that the Lord would
communicate with a creature of the
Lynn stripe, even if an exchange of
ideas were common between the Al
mighty and his subjects. There is an
improbability that an order contrary
to the peace would have been issued.
But granting that Lynn might have
received the instructions under which
he claims to have acted, certainly had
he done so he would have been clothed
with power to carry them out, and
would not have fired five bullets with
out fatal results. It seems to me the
best course would be to treat Lynn as
a dangerous criminal rathet- than as
one inspired. As a rule authority to
kill doea not come from heaven, but
there are reasons for supposing that it
comes from the other place. True,
Abraham thought he was told to sac
rifice Isaac, but the fact that he was
willing to do so is one of the darkest
spots in a record, which was more
than ordinarily reprehensible. Abra
ham should have been clapped into an
asylum or a jail, and this man Lynn
is no better. If Mrs. Lynn chance to
succumb to her injuries, then her as
sailant ought to be hanged with all
reasonable dispatch. If he was acting
on divine orders he will have nothing
to fear beyond the gallows, while if
spared he might get some more orders.
Several men had the misfortune to
be carried over Willamette Falls last
week. I am unable to see, however,
why the sad event should have been
confidently chronicled In the Examiner
under the heading "Swept to Perdi
tion." The victims were not Exam
iner men.
• * •
I have not the unhappiness to know
Ruth Ashmore. "Whether she is old or
young, single, married or a widow are
matters not of public knowledge, and
possibly of no consequence. Ruth
writes advice for girls, all of it based
apparently on the idea that girls have
mush where they ought to have brains.
If anything could induce a good girl
to throw discretion to the winds it
would be such stuff as Ruth drools at
her through the columns of Bok's
comio monthly known as the Ladles'
Home Journal. The worst feature
of Ruth's pious ooze is the undercur
rent of nastiness which is never ab
sent. So keen an eye has the lady for
the vile, so acute a scent for moral
decay, that she detects iniquity where
another would find innocence. She be
lieves man to be possessed of the idea
that every girl is legitimate prey, the
most ordinary courtesy a veiled insult.
She thinks that a young woman who
fails to resent the overture of mere
politeness has been lured to ruin. She
wants our sisters and daughters to be
a lot of vinegary spinsters treading the
path of life with no object but to ob
serve and rebuke the affronts lining
the way. What the gentle Ruth needs
is a clean mind. If she has a real re
gard for the young she will quit writ
ing for them. Her ebullitions of
bogus righteousness are disgusting
and corrupting. She <loes not know it.
I am forced to the conclusion that she
does not know anything. Yet Ruth
harmonizes beautifully with her en
vironment. The male Impersonator
who runs the concern is also sweetly
modest to the point of Indecency. In
the same issue in which Ruth demon
strates that there is no middle ground
between the prude and the outcast
Bok announces that hereafter there
will be nothing more printed in re
lation to styles in ladies' underwear.
The details, he explains, are "ex
tremely and pardonably offensive to re
fined and sensitive women," Noble Bok!
lovely women! The refined and sensi
tive will have to secure their under
wear without the guiding Intelligence
of a Bok, it might be said, the Bok.
Looking on a different page of the same
number I was surprised and made sor
rowful by observing that the reform is
not complete. There was a picture
there of a girl who had on an under
shirt and nothing more. Think of the
horror of it! To be sure, the picture
represented a tot of 3 or thereabouts,
but a tot grows, and in later years may
not the memory of this picture cause
her pain and blushes? Then a bed
shoe was not only described, but ac
tually portrayed. I marvel at such a
lapse into depravity. If a shoe, a foot;
if a foot, a leg; if a leg, then under
wear or influenza. Thus Bok sets a
trap where by easy stages we are car
ried to the forbidden topic. There were
female figures in corsets, over which
they gracefully bulged, with naked
shoulders and bosc-ms as bare as your
hand. I ask Ruth, I ask Bok, is it
right? There was an angel with noth
ing but the shadow of its wing -to
shield it from the eye. There was a
lass on a bike in a position plainly in
dicating that she had two legs, and
that with an abandon imperiling her
soul she had thrown one of them over
the wheel. There was a buxom kitchen
girl, with her sleeves rolled so high as
to show a round and wicked arm al
most to the top, and the glimpse of an
undervest. Ruth and Bok, their hands
clasped and their faces turned toward
the light, may be battling against the
hosts of sin, but they have still before
them the task of expurgating the ad
vertising columns.
• •
The analysis of Joaquin Miller by
Ambrose Bierce, recently printed, was
one of the best things he has written,
to say which is to say much. Miller
is a poet, and as such his critic gives
him liberal praise. But Miller cannot
write prose, and he is unable to keep
out of such as he tries to write his
own unpleasant personality. I do not
know the thickness of the Miller hide,
but unless it is abnormal it has been
as thoroughly perforated as the lid of
a pepper box. The only regrettable
possibility Is that Miller may try to get
even, salving his wounds with the es
sence of bad English.
Objections from the editor of the Post
to the newly manifest habit of confess
ing are not surprising. He wants to
check the practice before he shall fall
victim to it. His feelings are not hard
to understand, and yet he 6hooild not
permit them to smother the possibility
of a good news story.
• • •
Almost every newspaper man of my
juJciiflirLtanca lias at some time been
By HENRY JAMES.
seized of the notion to send out to the
world a eyndlcate letter. Several years
ago came my turn to be Infected by
this idea, and I wrote to a number of
editors about it. Their responses were
not notable for enthusiasm, yet among
them were enough acceptances to show
the scheme to be feasible. However, a
change in regular work deprived me of
the time I had expected to devote to
the letters, and the plan was dropped.
With the exception of one, the replies
received were courteous. That one
came on a postal card, a distinct gain
to the sender of 1 cent, over which I
doubt not he chortles to this day.
Thinking the yahoo needed a lesson in
manners, I returned his own card to
him accompanied by a little advice, and
then forgot the incident. Had it been
vaguely recalled memory would still
have failed on the point that the cor
respondence had been with Dune. Mc-
Pherson. I often noticed that he was
spoken of as a clown, dense, uncouth,
and in after years, that his paper was
the essence of stupidity, and yet the
Incident was not brought back. Not
long ago I wrote a bit of doggerel about
Dnnc, and 10, he comes to the front
with our brief correspondence, explain
ing by it the "animus." There was no
animus. I look upon Dune as upon
any other simpleton. It was easy to
realize that he was a dullard, but I
confess to surprise that he should glory
in the fact that my discovery was not
recent. Having neatly been branded an
ass, a man with a grain of sense would
have resented it, but here is the im
mortal Dune, proudly proclaiming that
he received the brand long ago, and
bringing forth exhibits to support the
allegation and establish the justice of
the branding.
• • •
The clergyman who the other day
said that prayer as an institution was
dying out, may have spoken hastily.
At any rate, people continue to pray.
In instances the act seems to do them
good. I have never been able to ob
serve that prayer had any effect be
yond this. It does not stay the flood,
nor turn aside the cyclone. The blis
tering drought defies it. Pestilence and
famine lay waste the land, nor pause
as the victims voice their fervent wish
es. Christian nations go panoplied for
war against each other, each side for
tified by the prayers of millions, and
each calling with confidence upon the
God of Battles. It is not logical to
claim that the right always wins, for
it doesn't, and frequently both sides
are wrong, so it couldn't. Political con
ventions are opened with an invocation,
and from the first word to the amen
every listener is planning how to break
the slate of his neighbor. In fact,
prayer is a fixed habit, and is so gen
eral as often to lose its sacred charac
ter and its "dignity. From my boyhood,
and I speak not with irreverence, it has
always seemed to me a presumption to
ask the Unchangeable to change, to
suggest to the Almighty how this little
world ought to be run. That the sea
sons come and go undisturbed, that the
sick die, the hungry starve and the
seed of the righteous beg bread, seems
an evidence that events are not direct
ed by human petition. There is
another side to the matter which
tends to detract from the re
spect naturally due. It is that so many
whose wickedness is flagrant pray
with peculiar unction. George Clark,
fresh from the murder of his brother,
flopped abjectly by his bed and prayed,
not for forgiveness, but that the peo
ple might turn to Christ and be saved.
The street evangelists who knee the
cobbles and try to raise their voices
above the clamor of traffic bring
prayer into the contempt bred of famil
iarity. They mean well, but they over
estimate their influence. The tendency
to pray is natural. The cornered rogue
sees in it a possible chance of escape,
the hypocrite finds in it a cloak, the
good think it brings them in touch with
the divine, and the careless may still
cling to the pretty custom learned at
a mother's feet. I believe the reverend
gentleman to be unduly alarmed. Peo
ple are bound to pray; they couldn't
help it if they would. As to results,
there will, of course, be differences of
honest opinion.
• •■ • *
It is refreshing to see that Charles
Coghlan Is engaged in portraying the
immorality of the stage. He does not
speak as one uncertain of his subject.
Some traces of immorality have here
tofore been detected making their head
quarters about the theater, and in the
midst of them it was not unusual to
find Coghlan. He has been star actor
in a number of episodes which had no
angels in the caste. His present lament
may be in token of penitence, or, per
haps, the old sinner has merely got
tired of familiar roles.
• * •
There is a lawyer in this town who
Is an endless source of joy to every
body but his clients. I /efrain from
mentioning his name because It would
be regarded by him as an advertise
ment, and costing him nothing/ add to
his happiness. Not long ago this law
yer did business for a woman and got
his hands on some of her money. Nat
urally she had to sue, and received
judgment. But the lawyer introduced
during the trial of the cause a paper
purporting to be a receipt showing that
$100 had been paid over. I noticed that
in the view taken by the court the
receipt was ignored. Now, as it was
ignored, the thought arises that it must
have been regarded as bogus. It would
almost seem that a lawyer who would
introduce a fraudulent receipt ought to
go to jail. There is where others are
sent for similar inadvertence. Or at
least that august body known as the
Bar Association would be clearly with
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The marvelous leavening power
and keeping qualities of ROYAL
Baking Powder make it invaluable
for service in the Yukon Country.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK.
in Its jurisdiction were it to make c few
i inquiries.
• • •
That Ned Hamilton has left the
'• service of the Examiner is common
knowledge among members of the
craft. That in losing him the paper
lost its strongest man there will be no
question. How a reporter who is at
all times a gentleman could so long
have borne association with the boor
ish incompetence which directs the
yellow journal's destiny has been a
puzzle. For a Journalist of brains and
character to be subject to the orders of
one lacking these essentials, and yet
to maintain his dignity and do his
work, is little less than a triumph. I
suppose Hamilton had reached the
limit of endurance. Even under un
favorable conditions, rasped by petty
annoyances, one of these being his offi
cial superior, Hamilton has been a
tower of strength to the paper he has
left and will be particularly missed, as
the Examiner is notably short on
towers of this kind.
• * •
If Spain were to discover that she is
engaged in war with New York's yel
low journalism doubtless she would be
property surprised, and upon a full
realization of the circumstances
alarmed. When a yellow journalist
has been aroused to fury no burning
tan yard could be more imposing nor
more terrible.
• • •
The doctor would not advertise, to do bo wert
a sin,
A violation gross of code most holy:
Tet he was glad to have announced that "thej
had called him in,"
This being for the public welfare solely.
HIS VALENTINE.
I send my heart in rhyme to you,
"With love in every line,
And should it come In time to you
To be your valentine.
Then listen how it beats for you.
And should you chance to gruess
The question it repeats to you —
Say "Yes," sweetheart, say "Yea!"
Oh! send young Cupid back to mo
Nor let him know a tear.
And may the word not lack to me
I long so much to hear.
Without It all Is dumb for me
And life Is loneliness.
Then let your answer come for me!
Say "Yes," Bweetheart, say "Tea!"
—Frank Dempster Sherman, in February
Ladles' Home Journal.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
TO ALASKA— Subscriber, City. For tha
information that you desire about Alaska
and the mines in the vicinity of Dyea you
should make application to some of the
transportation companies that are carry
ing passengers in that direction.
CHINESE PHEASANTS— E. J. D.,
Flshermans Bay, Sonoma County, Cal.
A person desiring to secure Chinese
pheasants from Oregon should file an ap
plication with the Fish and Game Com
mission in this city and then the order
will be filled in the order of Its filing. At
this time it is impossible to obtain any,
the demand for them is greater than the
supply,
CHESS— Several Subscribers, Sacramen
to, Cal. These correspondents say: "Stan
ton's Hand-Book in Chess defines in rule
13 the penalty for an illegal move, as:
Ist. The move to stand as played. 2d. To
move correctly. 3d. To replace the piece or
pawn moved and move to king. Tn rule
17 it says: If a gieee or pawn be touched or
be played, when by moving said piece or
pawn the king would be in check, the
player must replace same and move the
king, and if the king cannot be movou
there is to be no penalty. A contends
that if a player moves a piece or pawn
when by so doing the king is in check, it
is an illegal move and if so wished any of
three penalties as provided in rule 13
could be enforced. B contends that in
such case it is an 'unlawful' move, but
not an "illegal" move, as in case the king
should not be in check by the action the
move would be proper, and further says
that the meaning of 'illegal' as governed
by rule 13 is to be applied to a move that
could not be possibly made, as for in
stance to move the castle like a bishop,
etc."
The answer to the above is: If a piece
be moved exposing one's own king to
check the move must be withdrawn, and
for penalty the offending, player must
move his king. If the king has no move,
however, or cannot move without placing
himself in check, no penalty can be en
forced under either of the rules cited.
Broken horehound 15c Ib. Townsend'* .•
E. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy st. •
Gulllet icecream. 905 Larkln. Tel.Eastl9S.»
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special sale for Klondikers. California
glace apricots,3sc lt>. Townsend's, Palace.*
» ♦ ■ . .'
The best and most nutritious food for
Klondike is California glace fruit; 60c a
pound at Townsend's, Palace Hotel bldg.*
— . ♦ . — .' ,<r",.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main • 1042. •
— ■ — ■ ♦ ■ ' — ■ —
Trunks Moved 25 Cents.
Furniture moved. San Francisco Trans- '
fer Co. Office, 12 Grant aye. Tel. M. 505. •
PROMOTING THE SILK INDUSTRY.
One beneficial effect of the Dingley
tariff upon the industries of the United
States Is shown in the silk trade. Its
duties have so encouraged the home
manufacture of silk that the French
makers have discovered that they are
losing the trade of this country. So now
they are going to help us make it at
home. A prominent Lyons firm an
nounces its intention to start a silk
weaving plant at Bethlehem, Pa.,
equipped with Massachusetts looms and
operated by American workmen. This
unprecedented departure in conservative
French trade will be cordially welcomed.
— New York Mail and Express.
Time Reduced to Chicago.
Via Rio Grande Western, Denver and Rio
Grande and Burlingrton railways. Passengers
leaving San Francisco on 6 p. m. train reach
Chicago 2:IS p. m. the fourth day, and New
York 6:30 p. m. following day. Through Pull
man Palace Double Drawing Room Sleeping
Cars to Denver with Union Depot change at
9:30 a. m. to similar cars of the Burlington
Route for Chicago. . Railroad and sleeping car
tickets sold through and full information given
at 14 Montgomery st. W. H. Snedaker. General
Agent.
Get a home; $1000 cash and $40 per month for
a few years will buy the prettiest bouse In
the prettiest suburb of San Francisco. Call on
R. E. McGill, 18 Post St.
Peddler— l have a most valuable work
to sell, madam; It tells you how to do
anything.
Lady (sarcastically)— Does It tell you
how to get rid of a pestering peddler?
Peddler (promptly)— Oh, yes, madam;
buy something of him.— London Tit-Bits.BURGLAR,
GARROTER,
SUICIDE
Cut Off From Escape
a Thief Shoots
Himself.
Desperate Skirmish With
Policemen Peters and
Capels.
XTine Shots Fired at Charles
Nelson Cause a Strango
Result.
MOST UNSAVORY RECORD.
A Confederate Named Solomon
Under Arrest— He Tells a Very
Flehy Story.
Charles Nelson, alias Silas W. Carter,
xvn«» detected, with a confederate, In
the art of burgling Charles W.
"Weber's clear-store at 501 Montgomery
avenue early yesterday morning, and
FROM THE CIGAR STORE TO DEATH.
The Position in Which the Suicide Lay
When Discovered.
after a desperate attempt to outrun
Officers J. W. Capels and C. Peters, all
using their revolvers freely, he shot
himself, inflicting a mortal wound,
rather than go to prison. The man's
untimely end was as tragic as it was
unexpected. Edward Solomon, the
confederate, is now behind the bars at
the City Prison with the charge of
burglary lodged against him.
The story of the burglary and sui
cide is told by Officer Peters. His beat
Is on Montgomery avenue, from Mont
gomery street to Powell. He has been
on the lookout for midnight prowlers
fnr some time on account of the fact
that they have been pretty much in
evidence at North Beach lately. He
Bays :
"It was about 4:20 a. m. when I saw
a tall, heavy man who turned out to
be Solomon in front of Weber's store.
I crossed the street and asked him
what his business was there at that
time in tlv morning. He said he was a
baker out of work and was waiting for
a certain baker's wagon to pass and
tak>' him out to Ingleside. There he
said he believed he could get a place. I
did not think the tale true, but had no
reason to make any arrest.
"After searching the man and find
ing nothing suspicious on his person I
told him good morning and walked
down the avenue looking for a place
■where I could hide and watch the
man's actions. I met Officer Capels
and Special Rodriguez and told them
my suspicions. Rodriguez was in
civilian's garb and he walked slowly
up past Solomon, it having been ar
ranged previously that if he saw any
thing suspicious he was to sound his
■whistle and arrest him. When Rodri
guez reached the place he saw anoih-r
man emerge from the rear store and
_____^^ . ADVERTISEMENTS.
fvANVROOMI
/THE ORIGINAL! 2E I
% ELECTRO-DENTAL PARLORS, y %
I 1I 1 - CAUTION— Beware of ' imitators. "Those who cannot originate 8l ■ !
"=5 V cannot conduct.'' ' ■£» ;
% PAINLESS DEISTTISTPt^y. g
FULL SET OF TEETH... SS.OO up SILVER FILLINQ .......25c up. % j
\ FULL SET OF TEETH ... $5.00 up \ SILVER FILLINQ 25c up 5^
*t3 ! GOLD CROWNS, 22-K..... 3.50 up i GOLD FILLING.... ....*.... 75c up t
' BRIDGE WORK, per tooth 3.50 up I CLEANING TEETH .'.*...:..'::. BOc up : jC !
I SIXTH AN D MARKET; I
5g 997 MARKET ST. TELEPHONE JESSIE 1693. 3*
Ope>n Until 1O F». Sunday* 1O ; to I F». lw^-^>
§997 MARKET ST. TELEPHONE JESSIE 1693. g^
Open Until 1O F». JVI. Sunday* 1O to 1 F». m . JG
GEO. IA7. KLEISER, D.D.S.
walk up to where Solomon stood. He
blew his whistle and started toward
them. Solomon stood still, but the
other man ran as fast as he could up
Green street, with Rodriguez almost at
his heels and Capels and myself barely
thirty yards behind and rapidly gain-
Ing. •
"Half way up the block the fleeing
burglar turned and sent a bullet whiz
zing past the head of Rodriguez. The
latter dropped on one knee and emptied
his revolver at the fellow, but failed
to hit him. He missed each time and
returned to arrest Solomon, who had
stood quietly in front of the store. As
soon as the special had done firing I
sent two bullets after Nelson, arid Ca
pels shot once just as the burglar was
turning to the right Into Powell street.
"On Powell, between Green and
Union, I fired twice more. When Nel
son reached Union street he was near
ly twenty yards ahead. He sped across
Powell street to the left and up Union.
He was around the) corner out of sight
for an instant, and then it was that
we heard a single shot. As we round
ed the corner in hot pursuit, there lay
the burglar, about fifty feet from the
corner. He was lying on his face, his
head being toward us. A bulldog re
volver lay near his feet, and the blood
was pouring from a wound in his
breast. He was dead."
The policemen then sent for the
Morgue wagon, while Rodriguez took
Solomon to the City Prison. He admits
that he knew Nelson, but claims that
their meeting at this hour so far from
home, both living in the same house at
512 Bush street, was purely accidental.
He sticks to the same "baker story"
he told before his arrest.
The policemen together fired eleven
times. An autopsy over the body of
the dead man shows that the bullet
from a 3. c -caliber revolver entered the
breast above the right nipple, passed
through both lungs and the heart and
came out beneath the left shoulder
blade. The man was a painter by oc
cupation, a native of England and 27
years old. He lived with a half-breed
negress at 512 Bush street. He was an
opium fiend and had an unsavory rec
ord, having been sent to the County
Jail on February 16, 1892, for petit lar-
ceny, and to Folsom on January 26.
1894, for burglary, under the name of
Silas W. Carter. He was detected with
another desperate character named
Chfrles Wilson in robbing the resi
dence of Mrs. Schofield, Attorney EL E.
Highton's mother-in-law, at 1715 Tay
lor street. He was discharged Septem
ber 7, 18i*7. Kelson was also one of the
three men who assaulted General
Barnes at an early hour on the morn
ing of February 23, 1593. When arrest
ed a few nights later these men. includ
i ing Nelson, were waiting at Jefferson
i square for Dr. Abrams. vVilson
! escaped from Folsom March 11, IS9B.
! and has never been retake."i.
In Peters' statement one fact Is omit
ted — that there was another witness to
the skirmish, and the fact that the man
had shot himself, Edward F. Distel,
foreman of The Call zinco department!
Distel was on his way home, and had
reached the Intersection of Green and
Powell streets, when Nelson turned
into Powell In the race. P'-ters was the
; foremost pursuer and ran up to Distel,
; shoving his revolver into his face, with
j the remark: "Who are you?"
"No matter," was the response;
"there goes your man," pointing to
Nelson, fleeing down Powell street.
Distel also ran along with the officers,
i and bears evidence to the truth of their
statements that Nelson was around the
corner when the shot rang out. He
| was the first, besides the officers, to
i reach the body. Nobody else arrived
; on the scene for several minutes.
That it was a suicide is further
proved by the fact that tho revolver of
the dead burglar had three chambers
emptied, two having been discharged
at the officers, and evidently one at
himself. About six weeks ago he was
found in Gus Schultz's room, at 512
Bush street. Schultz having been ar
rested for burglary. At that time he
was searched by Detectives Bee and
THE SA^ FEASTCISCO CALt, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1898.
NOT FIT FOR WILD ANIMALS.
Health Officer Dunn Condemns Oakland's Vile
City Prison.
OAKLAND, Feb. 11— The Health Officer stated to-day that unless something
be done with the City Prison he will proceed to placard it and declare It unfit
for human habitation. This will make it a misdemeanor to put a man in prison
after he Is arrested.
"The present state of our City Prison ."said the Health Officer In his official re
port, 'Ms a blot on the escutcheon of Oakland. Overcrowded, low and poorly
drained, Infested with vermin that cannot be destroyed and permeated with
divers odors, it forms a very antithesis of the sanitary ideal of a prison. The
cells are all located in a cellar unfit for caging wild animals, not to speak of
confining human beings. The larger cells are fearfully overcrowded, and all
are practically never reached by the rays of the sun. Thus the natural damp
ness of the place is made to ever threaten an epidemic among those confined in
the prison. One of these larger cells Is used for the female prisoners, and into
it are crowded all classes of female malefactors, no opportunity for segregation
being given. To reach the cells occupied by another class— the morphine fiends,
one must wend his way through narrow alley ways to finally reach two dark,
damp and malodorous rooms, into which are, crowded nine or ten mor
phi-maniaos. No recommendations for alterations can be made, for the place,
h^ing absolutely inadequate in size and location for the purpose to which it is
put, nothing short of condemnation will suffice. Therefore, I pray that the City
Council of Oakland will, as soon as possible, set about the building of a new City
Prison, in which the poor unfortunates confined within its walls can be hu
mannly treated.
"The most crying need of the City Prison Is a hospital annex, where sick
patients can receive proper medical attendance and care. At the present sick
prisoners are kept in the same or similar cells and subjected to the same dis
comforts as are the healthy.
"Thus there is no possibility of giving them that careful attention, or of
placing them amid those sanitary surroundings that are of such paramount
importance in the treatment of disease.
"Therefore a malady, which would be trivial if properly treated, frequently,
on account of the present lack of facilities, assumes an aspect of the gravest
danger."
Mayor Thomas has declared that the place is not fit for dogs, and says it
compares unfavorably with the Pound.
This afternoon Attorney Garrity stated that he intended to swear out a writ
of habeas corpus on behalf of his client, Charlie Lee, an Americanized Chinese,
who forges checks. He will use as his evidence the reports of the Mayor and of
successive Grand Juries and of Health Officer Dunn. While it is not doubted
that this will be sufficient evidence to secure the release of the prisoner, it will
only end in his being transferred to the County Jail, as his crime is a felony.
A special committee of the City Council, composed of Messrs. Cuvellier, Fl
busb and Upton, is now investigating the condition of the City Prison, as a re
sult of the communication recently sent to the Council by Mayor Thomas, and
it is probable that something will be done immediately.
Harper, and a revolver was found on
his person. He gave as an excuse for
carrying it that if he ever did wrong
again and was likely to be caught he
intended to kill himself. The same tale
was told to Solomon's wife.
Weber's cigar store is a sort of hole
in-the-wall. Nelson broke the padlock
to enter, and placed one of his own on
the door when he left. On the Inside
was found a flour sack containing six
boxes of cigars, some loose cigars and
thirty packages of tobacco. •
■ ♦ ■
Don't forget Waller Bros. -Gift Day, Feb. 26,
1895, -33 Grant avenue, corner Geary street.
IS NOW SERGEANT WOLF.
The Vacancy Caused by the Promo
tion of Sergeant Wright Filled.
The vacancy in the Police Department
caused by the promotion of Sergeant C
P. Wright to be clerk to the Chief was
filled yesterday. Policeman Reuben A
VVolf was the lucky man and now he is
being' , congratulated on his promotion
which he accepts with due modesty
The new sergeant joined the force on
November ».5», and eince then he has
distinguished himself as a patrolman and
has done excellent service in the ■. Police
Courts and while on special duty He
is always courteous and affable in his
manner and has made numerous friends
out of and in the department He is
young, active aryi efficient and has all
tho qualities that make a good officer.
One Dose Will Stop a Couiih.
UT. i^arkers Cough Cure never falls
try it; 2oc. For sale by all druggists •
A. J. Clunie Retained.
Judge Morrow issued an order in the
United States Circuit Court restraining
A. J. Clunie from in any way Interfering
with the business of the insurance com
panies of New York and Connecticut
which are doing business here pending
tho settlement of the Questions now at
issue in relation to their bonds The
grounds taken by these companies are
very similar to those taken a f t w days
ago by the foreign companies The crsp
will come up for a hearing on the 21.«t
Advances made on furniture and plflnos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017- 10XJ Mission.
NEW CLERGY HOUSE FOR HAYWARDS.
OAKT,AND. Feb. 12.— A real estate transaction was closed to-day at Hay
wards by which Rev. John A. Lally has acquired a splendid church property,
on which is a dwelling, that will in future be used as the clergy house of the
parish.
Rev. Father L,ally has only been a few weeks in charge of the parish at Hay
wards, but he has already laid the foundation for extending the scope of church
work. The town has long needed a clergy house, and Father Lally at once set
about acquiring one. He entered into negotiations with John Ruppricht and se
lected a plat of two and a half acres adjoining the church. There is a modern
dwelling on this property, and to-day the purchase was completed, and will be at
once used for the needs of the parish. It is the intention of the pastor to
erect in the future a new church that shall be large enough for the growing
town, and a convent school is also to be erected.
The site Is one of the finest in town, and ts located on a hill, from which
can be seen the bay and adjoining towns. It is considered one of the best church
properties in Alameda County. Father Lally came to Haywards from Half
mnnn Biv and Dlxon. and la already very popular In his new Darlsh.
STANFORD WINS
THE FIRST GAME
Opening Match of the Alumni
University Baseball
League.
Slow Cam« Devoid of Interest
but There Was a Very Close
Score.
The first prime between the alumni
nine, composed of graduates of both
Stanford and California and Stanford's
varsity baseball team was succesful in
every respect but attendance. For nine
protratted innings the players cavorted
! on the field and not a cheer for either
i side disturbed the perfect calm that pre
| vailed. Stanford won out by a score of
5 to 3. Only in the last inning was there
! any show of a contest, when the alumni,
, recovering from a lethargy that was con
: suming, exerted itself and scored three
With but one or two exceptions the
game was devoid of interest or features.
! Lannigan, Stanford's pitcher, a long
young man with I<>iik black hair, was
j the cause of the samu lasting over two
I hours. Before delivering the spheroid he
would pose in several different styles,
weighing the chances of being found in
successive mental evolutions and meas
uring distances with s! jw and calm delib
eration. Now and then a shout from the
persecuted spectators would force upon
his mind a recollection of where he was
and the ball would be thrown. Lannigan
has speed, however, but the ball must be
thrown before it can be appreciated. His
work was successful, for he sent few to
bases on balls and retired many.
On the part of Stanford the game was
devoid of errors; five were charged to the
alumni account.
In the last time at bat, with the score
5 to 0 against them, the ex-college men
redeemed their former inactivity and
■ scored three runs by the splendid hitting
I and base-running of Lewis, Allen and
McKee. William Lange umpired the
game.
O'Brien's patent spring; best and easiest
riding buggy made; rubber or steel tires.
O'Brien & Sons, Golden Gate avenue and
Polk street. •
Wants a Divorce.
Ellen Mann rma filed suit for a divorce
against her husband, Israel D. Mann. As
a cause of action the plaintiff alleges de
sertion.
Head Call History offer. Page 2. •
THE BARONESS
WILL SING
Marie yon Zieber to Ap
pear at the Fair
To-Night.
The Martels and a Sacred Con
cert the Afternoon At
tractions.
President Barrlngton Will Give the
School Children Half Holi
days.
The management of the Mining Fair
have prepared an elaborate programme
for to-day, and a large crowd is ex
pected to be in attendance. In the af
ternoon the Martels will appear in their
popular and daring bicycle riding act,
and this will be followed by a sacred
concert to be rendered by Bennett's
band.
At night there will be a special con
cert of unusual excellence, at which
the celebrated prima donna, Baroness
Marie yon Zieber, will sing. She will
render two solos of her own selection.
The baroness is quite noted In the mus
ical world. She is said to possess a
soprano of wonderful range, tone and
sympathy. At one time she traveled
in the East as the soloist of Sousa's
band, and scored a triumph by her ar
tistic ability.
Lincoln day was observed at the Fair
yesterday with lengthy_and elaborate
exercises. The programme was ar
ranged by W. W. Stone, the president
of the Lincoln Monument Fund, and
was successfully carried out. A large
number of school children participated
and helped to make the occasfon a suc
cess. The Horace Mann, Hamilton,
Burnett, Afission and Hearst schools
were represented by their drill corps,
and in addition to these there were del
egations from the other schools of the
city. The drilling of the different
schools was excellent and greatly en
joyed by the crowd. Miss C. F, Starke,
of the Hearst Grammar School, read
Lincoln's Gettysburg address, and there
was singing by a boys' quartet. All
the school children sang "America"
with great effect.
The management of the Fair is par
ticularly pleased with the action of C.
L. Barrington, of the Board of Edu
cation, in granting their request that
the children of the different schools be
given on certain days a half holiday
in which to visit the Fair. A schedule
has been arranged for the various
schools, and Tuesday will be the open
ing day, at which time the pupils of
the Jefferson, Adams, Agassiz, Bernal,
Broadway, Buena Vista, Burnett and
Longfellow schools will visit the Fair.
A souvenir spoon will be presented to
each lady who visits the Fair this af
ternoon.
The following is the musical prog
ramme for this evening:
Overture. "Camp" I-lndpafnter
Idyl, "Evening Bells" Ellenbergr
Solo for trombone
F. K. Tobin.
Soprano polo
Baroness Marie yon Zieber.
Chorus and Romanza, "Tannhauser".. Wagner
Intermission.
Ponjrs of Stephen Foster «
Soprano solo
Baroness Marfe yon Zleber.
Solo for cornet
Walter B. Rogers.
Minuet for reed Instruments Bocherlnl
Overture, "Wiiliam Tell" Rossini
Rheumatism cured. No pay until cured. Dr.
Gordin's Sanitarium. 514 Pine,nr.Kearny,S.F.,Cal.
■ m *
That a spoonful of vinegar added to
the water in which meats or fowls are
boiled makes them tender.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HEALTH
Is the working capital of humanity. He who
loses that is wrecked indeed. •Is your health
falling you. your strength, ambition, vigor,
manliness wasting away?
: d^^^^k -
DR. SWEANY
For the speedy, safe and permanent cure of all
NERVOUS, CHRONIC AND PRIVATE
Diseases, even in their most aggravated forma.
There is no . physician :In the . world who has
effected so many permanent cures In both Men
and women of Troubles which other physicians
of acknowledged ability had glve°n up as hope-
less as this eminent specialist. . . ■':■:' ■
NERVOUS DEBILITY da a,,m B enr^
YOUNG, MIDDL- AGED and OLD MEN. The
awful effects of neglected or Improperly treated
cases," causing drains, weakness • of •■ body and
brain, dizziness, failing memory, < lack of en-
ergy and confidence, pains in back, loins and
kidneys and many other distressing symptoms,
unfitting one I for study, business or enjoyment
of life. Dr. Sweany can cure you, no matter
who or what has failed.
\AJ CA V M M He restores lost vigor and
WtA X 111 II i vitality to weak men. Or-
gans :of the ■ body .which have been ■. weakened
or : shrunken through disease, ' overwork, . ex-
cesses or Indiscretions are restored to full
power, strength and : vigor ': through ■• his own
successful system of treatment.
DIIDTIIDC Cured by ■ hia new method, with-
nUr I U flu out knife, truss or, detention fram
. work— a painless, 1 sure and permanent cure. -\>
UADIPDPCI C *ydrocey», swelling and ten- i.
VAnluUwLLl.,derness of the glands treated
with unfailing success. '
PRIVATE DISEASES, .Wr-S
tures.' which if neglected or improperly, treated
break down the system; cause kidney and blad-
der diseases. . etc. ,':.' :. : .
DISEASES OF WOMEN. -ifSTisiSK:
given. to all their many ailments. -' • ' .
IIfDITC' It you are : aware of ; any' trouble
HIM ILi DO NOT DELAY; call on Dr. ;
Sweany to-day. '■, If you cannot call write him.
His valuable « book ■ free :to all . sufferers.
CONSULTATION FREE a^o^^Sy
letter. F. L. p SWEANY. ;■ M.D.. 737 Market
street, ' opposite Grant avenue. San ~- Francisco,
Cal.' ■ • •".:/'-•"-■ ■■.■■■■■■•.• ■'. -■ ■ ■
Hours— 9 to 12, 2 to 5, 1 'to B. Sunday*. 10
a. m. to 12 m. . ■ ■ ■ - . '■.-■■ -.--■■.•■•■
TO BEET-SUGAR
MANUFACTURERS—
The advertiser has an entirely new sys-
tem of filtration, whereby the present
slow,' expensive and antiquated European
method ;Is completely ' superseded. Ad-
dress box 1111. Call Office, * " ■
_ ' ■/ -V -j}'y L^____ ADVEBTISEITEITTS. .; , .... '&&;
xxxxx>oooooooooooooooco 0000 oooboooobooooooooooooooo
TWO-DAY 1
SPECIALS I
For Monday and Tuesday! l
"Always the cheapest," the big store |
never presented more bargains, more §
honest values in Clothing, Hats and Fur- 8
nishings than you'll find the next two |
days. Snaps from each department care- g
fully selected to attract shrewd buyers,
Drop in as you pass our store. Maybe X
you can find many things needed shown |
on the inside at half regular store prices. 8
it%f m 7 At^ Here's a . two-day special. Men's /f> TTf AP* it
.J|\ / I JT| regular $12 00, $15 00 SUITS. Overcoats / 1 "T| 5
V|/ ■ •X \J and ulsters, perfect in every detail. *+* i •X V^ g
f\ Ff Here's a two-day special. Men's f\ £* Q
vl'T^O regular $2 00 TROUSERS, Cheviots in vl t\f* 8
C/v/ V/» neat patterns, perfect fitting. KJ\J9 q
/hf> g\ CT Here's a two-day special. Youth's ft} £\ f\V Q
Jf\y. Vji^l SUITS, OVERCOATS AND ULSTERS. M\>/ Vf JT| §
if/^ • *JSJ regular price, $5 50; 14 to 19 years. ; S\f tmd •%J s C/ X
Here's a two-day special. Men's x .
K/V fine quality DERBIES, worth $2 00; f" f\ j
*^l f^ a so dozen men's and boys' Golf "T\ I 1/^ Q
\J\J\JO Caps, 15c; worth 50c \J\Jm g
f\t* . Here's a two-day special. Men's £% h* v
f\j^\P and boys * ALL WOOL SWEATERS, \\i\O R
\J\J\J* Navy, Maroon and Black, worth $150. \J\J g
•« W ' Here's a two-day special. Choice se- "If®
ihp lection of TECKS, FOUR-IN-HANDS. I K'A 9
JLUKJ* . BOWS AND STRING TIES, worth 50c. ±U\J» 5
]mLI = THE BALDWIN.
ORDERS Ksm "wr-' r Tw §
Filled promptly, accurately, and "ALWAYS °
satisfaction guaranteed. t • ™ cheapest- i
We will send our new booklet M"& CHEAPEST" g
on clothing, tape-line rules for Clothiers, Hatters and Furnishers |
self-measurement and estimate OiUUllBIb, ndlieiS dllU rUrillSn6rS g
a^" dike ° UtritB '"" the 924 " 930 Market Street, 8
mmmmm mmaßm^Bßamatmmmmtmmmmmmmammmm San Francisco, Cal. Q
THE SWELLEST BICYCLE
IN TOWN IS
1 THE— I -
"9B"CRESCENTRACER
PRICE $50.
Has All the Latest Improvements.
'Tls a Beauty in Good Looks.
*20 CRESCENT
iso BICYCLES
$35 Everybody.
$50 Price and Quality Guaranteed.
LEAvrn & bill,
303 Larkin Street, S. F.
20 San Pablo Avenue . . .............Oakland
OPEN TO-DAY-SUNDAY,
> From 1 to 5 and. from 7 to 10 p. m.
MINING FAIR AND KLONDIKE EXPOSITION
POPULAR AND WAGNER CONCERT BY
Bennett's Military Band and Concert Company,
Under the Direction of the Great ROGERS.
I 10 SOLOISTS 10 SOLOISTS,
Including Rogers, . Tobin and others.
40 MUSICIANS— -40 MUSICIANS.
SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT OF BARONESS
MARIE YON ZIEBER, Prima Donna Soprano
(late of Sousa's Concert Company); also the
Junior Quartet; the only .phenomenal eh Id
■stnger, little Minnie Berlin, a barytone of v:>
usual character; the Martels, fancy cyclists;
the Miners' Quartet. _ ■--
THE NORTH BLOOMFIELD MINE—
underground mine and tunnel; the county ex-
hibits; In fact, a most beautiful, instructive
and clean,' moral entertainment for all classes.
. . r %,:.-:, NOTICE.
: Many were unable to obtain one of , those
handsome souvenir. Mining Fair Spoons when
given out week days, therefore every lady buy-
ing an admission ticket to-day. 1 to op. m.,
gets a spoon.
» '«--* Admission, 25c Children. 15c.
MONDAY AND TUESDAY— St. Bernard Club
Dog Show. - ■ --;■
:.■ . . — — "" T~ .. . ■
§i«p[<AKERS OP
l^-' ' FTttiNq
SPpCLESjEVEGLASSE
OPTICIANS^^Q^A^APP^ATus.
642 Market st. instruments
unotft cnonicit Buuoinh ' '
: " •'•*• —Z '. — — . : !
.' • ' ■ ' - ■■<-."■ . ' ' : "- '.- ■ ■
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
1 INCREASING PATRONAGE,::
® . BOTH LOCAL AND TRANSIENT, ®
® .' :,:_ ; PROVES THAT. THE , : , ■ I ®
©LADIES' GRILL®
® & PALACE I
® EXCELS IN EVERYTHING S THAT MAKES®
® • -THE PERFECT RESTAURANT. ••; ®
® Direct Entrance from Market Street. ®
®*, OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT. £®
® ® © ®©'® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ®;
I m \ Ji Bt Jllßttwl -^ BBi I L b^l I
AUCTION
YON RHEIN & CO.,
636 MARKET STREET,
THURSDAY, FEB. 24 .at 12 M, Sharp
MARKET-ST. BARGAIN.
85x120— Corner Market st. and Rose aye
to feet on Pape; n»ar junction Hayes, Frank-
lin, Gough. McAllister, Valencia and Potter*
property with a great future.
PACIFIC— STORES AND DWELLINGS : RENTB $48;
WILL SELL IN 1 OR 3 PIECEB.
46xfiO— 2 fmnts: 1288 and 1210 Pacific. 2 stores.
23x60—107 Barnard, in rear of above; cottage
and stable.
POST, WEST OF FRANKLIN.
2fix120— 1304 Post, 54 feet west from Franklin:
2-story dwelling; 9 rooms and bath.
TURK, WEST 01" PIERCE.
45x137:&— 1fi10 Turk, sunny side; street accept-
ed; 2-Btory basement house; 8 rooms and bath.
MASON, BETWEEN GREEN AND UNION.
34:4Vtx137:6— 1709 Mason, west line, 65:9 feet
north of Green; reffroe sale without limit.
HOWARD ST.— STORES AND PLATS.
27x55-270J-27C7 Howard, south of Twenty-
third; store and 4 rooms and bath; 2 flats, 8
and 7 rooms and bath.
4 LOTS, DAME 4 WHITNEY, SOUTH OP 30th.
2 lots, each 2. r ixl2r,— West line of Dame l">s
feet south of Thirtieth: 2 lots, each 25x125—
East line of Whitney, 225 feet south of Thir-
tieth st.
GREEN, NEAP. DUPONT ; RENTS $77.
16:6x137:6— 423 Green and 14 Pollard place; a
rew bay-window flats, with basement suitable
for business.
20th ST.— 7 BAY-WINDOWS— SIOOO CASH.
2. r .xS2:6 — 4172 Twentieth St., east of Castro; 11
rooms and bath; 7 bay. windows: all modern
conveniences; $1000 cash; remainder to suit
buyer.
HERMANN ST.-LOT EAST OF FILLMORE.
2.'x120 — North line of Hermann, through to
Oermania, 103:6 feet east of Fillmore; a splen-
did bargain.
8 LOTS— STEVENSON, NORTH OF 14th.
95x75— West line of Stevenson. 70 feet north
of Fourteenth; in lots to suit; also 4 lots, each
2f>x6s, east line of Stevenson, 120 north of Four-
teenth — a great bargain.
4 CHURCH-ST. LOTS.
4 lots, each 25x100— East line of Church, Bl:«
north of Twenty-sixth; Church street will b«
an important business street.
SENT FREE TO MEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele. or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
Bufiding, Fort Wayne. Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
Is desirous of reaching that great class
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed In a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers arc
, requested to write without delay.
78
MINISTER
COOPER IS
NOW SILENT
Refuses to Talk in
Reference to the
French Cable.
The Visit of the Warship
Caused the Scheme to
Be Public Gossip.
Hawaii Receives a Reply From
the Japanese Govern
ment.
ARBITRATION IS ACCEPTED
But There Is a Hitch as to the Num
ber of Arbitrators to Settle
the Dispute.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU. Feb. 15. — Minister
Cooper refuses to say anything in ref
erence to the French cable scheme, but
the matter is now common gossip here.
The Government has at length re
ceived a rei>ly from the Japanese Gov
ernment through Minister Shimamura.
The contents of it, as obtained from
the two diplomats, may be briefly con
densed. The principle of arbitration
is accepted, but the details are matters
of controversy still, and are likely to
be for some months to come. Both
Ministers claim that there is cordiality
and rapprochement in the dispatch, but
there is one point upon which, appar
ently, neither Government is willing
to recede at present, and that is
supposed to be the character of the
Court of Arbitration. Japan probably
wants one arbitrator and Hawaii
three.
The two Ministers agreed on one
point, and that was that it was inex
pedient to make public the details un
der consideration. The whole of the
correspondence between the two Gov
ernments up to December 31, 1597, will
be published by the Minister of Foreign
Affairß and presented to the Legislature
cm the 16th.
Minister Cooper states that the Gov
ernment has considered no plans for
the future conduct of the Government
in the event of annexation being de
feated, and if we are annexed the sug
gestions will naturally proceed from
Washington. It is understood, howev
er, that should annexation be defeated
during the session of the Legislature, \
propositions will be brought before that
body to broaden the eonstitutiu-n and j
enlarge the power of the people.
The following statement published in \
the Independent is supported by relia- i
ble evidence:
The Mormon church In Utah and the
representatives of that State were puz
zled some months ago. A petition trom
the large colony ot Hawaiians in the
State ot Mormons favoring the annexa
tion of Hawaii was presented to the Sen
ators and Representatives of the State.
Shortly after another petition, signed by
every decent member of the Mormon
church in the Hawaiian islands, in which
the petitioners in forcible and touching
language opposed the annexation scheme,
was received by the Senators and repre
sentatives of L tah and by the head of
the church which claims 9CWO adherents in
Hawaii. Upon investigation it was
learned that the leading Hawaiians at
Salt Lake City were blinded by promises
of lands and privileges } n Hawaii by
emissaries from this Government if they
could get up an annexation petition
among the Hawaiian Mormons. The men
were tempted, forgot their honor and
their fealty to their native land and
their Hawaiian brethren, only to learn
later on that the promises of their un
scrupulous tempters were idle and value
less, and that they are now being laughed
at for being duped and led into a dishon
orable bargain. A Mormon elder has
been sent here, evidently by the same
syndicate, and the Hawaiians who belong
to that church will be asked to change
around and join the fold of the annexa
tionists. The elder will find that his
smooth words, his promises and his cre
dentials will not help him in his unholy
mission. In Laic. where he now is, he
will get the Klondike heart. Not one Ha
waiian could he find here to follow him
on his annexation expedition.
At a brief meeting of the Cabinet
some correspondence relating to the
establishment of a French line of
steamers was read.
The steamers are to be put on very
shortly now, and will run from New
Caledonia, Tahiti and other French
possessions in the South Pacific to
Honolulu. Honolulu will be the ter
minal point of the new line. It is sur
mised that Honolulu will be made the
supply point for all the French Islands.
Mails, freights and other goods for the
people residing on these possessions
will be brought to Honolulu from Can
ada and the United States to this port.
Here they will be picked up and carried
to the different islands.
The government would only give out
the most meager information concern
ing the enterprise. From whom the
correspondence was received could not
be learned, but it is probable that the
French government is interested in the
new line.
The news of the establishment of the
new line of steamers is hailed with de
light by the merchants and residents
in Honolulu. A line of steamers such
as the one proposed means many thou
sand dollars of revenue in each year.
Fair Sails for Europe.
NEW YORK. Feb. 12.-Amon R the pas
sengers who sailed on the Lucania for
Liverpool to-day was Charlea L Fair
son of the late California millionaire
I_ ADVERTISEMENTS. \ .
Wmmm
V^TrEsX \'o U ? ?.^r. D , OLLIARS WILL °O AS FAR WHEN USED HERE
AS .. ■* • ••#\x AR^ I t?t? THER DENVAL OFFICES.. NO PAIN. IN
AS^»*"*»«"^\ EXTRACTING, FILLING, ETC... ETC.
o *^.! -.^ XO STU °ENTS OR; INEXPERIENCED MEN to do your York.
fC^k^fiW^^V . uarant^ c aII work and the most courteous treatment, with
f z i'^/?S£r s !vV^ Prices loss than one-half given you AS FAR WHEN dentists HERE
NO STUDENTS OR INEXPERIENCED MEN to do your work
We guarantee all work and the most courteous treatment, with
prices less than one-half given you by any first-class dentists in the
\p -6, $W4i'2"\-' n/ city. For the next thirty days our Prices will be:
\ "t-rJn&W I* -7 FULL PET OF TEETH for ti t» UI ,
\* WftV l^/ GOLD CROWNS. 22k.......... ........ *J &o up
W TVIV BRIDGE WORK, per tooth ."V.'.V. V." '""" 3fa ,^n
Xf v DOVV>^- silver FILLING ..... "::::..:>.. ."..:: •">•" »?uS
GOLD FILLING .. M1v".:".....; ; ■•:••- — •••. 25c up
/!,«% CLEANING TEETH .'.".'!.'.'.'*!*".'.'.".'!.';"! 60c up
•OtflJ/Xr^.;" .NO PAIN in extracting and no charge when plates are ordered
wNAVtsL/^/ ' By leaving your order for Teeth In the morning you can get them
*O\>Vjßf r w(S' the same day.
: svii£j- JJ \ r — Work done as well at night as by daylight by th« modern electrical
"""■"^s^Tv'' JEr devices used here. Lady attendant. A physician always in attend-
* — <*bpf± ,.tr^" **" ance. Don't forget the number—
"^^ 809 MARKET ST., gSSVBS? Cor. Fourth and Market.
Reception fv'f* TfT "CT CTC T f T O*f\M«f > CONSULTATION FREE.
Room 7. LJK. I • !!• Ol KIJlllj: ° fflce f vu 9 9 a .mtoion.m. i
MURDERER BUNKOED
FOR A CONFESSION
The Examiner Offered Frank Belew
Two Thousand Dollars to Own His
Guilt and Has Not Paid the Bill.
Fairfield, February 12th.
Frank Belew, now confined in the County Jail, being duly
sworn, states that he was visited in jail on February 4th by John
F. Conners , representing the San Francisco Examiner. He further
states that said Conners, for and on behalf of the said Daily Exam
iner, made him several offers of money if he would confess that he
poisoned his sister and brother; that an of f er of the sum of $500
was refused, whereupon divers offers were made, finally culminat
ing in a specific promise to pay said Belew the sum of Two Thousand
Dollars if he would make said confession. Believing that the sum
offered would be paid as promised and being in sore need of friends
and money, the said Belew, hoping thus to be rewarded by The Exam
iner, and believing in the representations and promises of its said
agent , John F . Conners , did on the day following make certain state
ments relative to the crime, and did consent to acquiesce in such
reports thereof as the said Conners might write for his paper.
Said Belew further testifies that he has not received a cent of
the promised reward from Conners or The Examiner.
Signed
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 12th day of February,
1898.
(Seal)
The integrity of Belew's affidavit will
not be questioned by anybody familiar
with the circumstances. From the mo
ment the man was arrested he was
aware that his guilt was known. He
had admitted It in advance, and had
been betrayed. In conversation with a
representative of The Call he again
admitted his guilt, but did so inadvert
ently. He then virtually made a prom
ise that he would tell all about it. No
inducement was held out to him. He
was simply asked if he did not think
that such a course would ease his mind
and possibly create a little sympathy
for him. In this mood he was left.
Shortly afterward an Examiner
man, accompanied by a deputy named
Fitzpatrick, visited the prisoner and
remained for some time. Fitzpatrick
JUST FOR THE
"FUN OF IT"
Daughter of Millionaire
Northam Going on
the Stage.
The Young Lady Has Grown
Weary of Her Act in
Society.
As She Is Under the Wing of Mme.
Modjeska a Bright Future
Awaits Her.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
NEW TORK, Feb. 12.— Another "mil
lionaire's daughter" has quit society
and taken to the stage, and this time
not because of dear papa's financial re
verses, but simply for the "fun of the
thing," for love of the footlights and
of the boards immediately behind them.
The young woman is pretty, and her
rather irate father is a multi-million
aire of the Pacific Coast, R. J. Nort
ham. The young lady is his daughter
Maud, who will play Therese in "Mac
beth" on Monday at the Fifth-avenue
Theater.
Mr. Northam is one of the very
wealthy men of California, and has
enormous ranches near Los Angeles,
where he and his family spend much
of their time. One of these adjoins
that of Mme. Modjeska, and an inti
macy sprung up between the actress
and the Northams.
The young girl broached the subject.
] of her desire to go on the stage, and
it was discussed between Mme. Mod
jeska and Miss Northam's family. Miss
Xortham frankly avowed to-day with
reprehensible slanginess that she
! "grew deadly tired of the society act
and wanted to do some work. Not hard
I word, of course — I loathe that — but
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1898.
is of the type best described by the
word "bulldozer." He is understood to
have killed his man, and he it was who
had held a pistol on Belew when the
handcuffs were being put in place on
the lonely ranch at the time of the ar
rest. Belew hated him, but was afraid
of him. He had also expressed a sense
of disregard for the Examiner man,
but the pressure was too strong. Be
tween the bullying and the cajoling, he
yielded the old story that The Call
had had in type days before. He was
anxious to unburden his mind. The
only reason the Examiner had so much
trouble in getting him to do so was
that he distrusted it. To almost any
body else he would have talked freely
then.
But the Examiner's representative
just nice easy play work, wearing love
ly gowns in impossibly hideous draw
ing rooms (stage drawing rooms al
ways are hideous) and reciting lines
when I can get them. I've got some
of them and hope to get more. I mean
to work and do as well as I can.
"If it was not that my parents know
Mme. Modjeska so well they never
would let me have my way, but T travel
in her private car, put up at the same
hotels and altogether am to be quite
under her wing. I've 'tried it on' upon
the stage, and like it immensely. My
father was opposed to it, and wants me
to give it up. He won't write to me
and says he won't send me any money.
But he gets over that by giving my
mother plenty— which, of course, she
sends to me. Perhaps he will relent
when I do something on the stage
worthy of good newspaper notices. As
I have a pretty good voice, I'll have
notices set to music, so I can sing them
to managers when I go looking for a
■place.' That will be a new idea, won't
it?"
Miss Northam is treated by Mme.
Modjeska and her husband almost as
an adopted child, for she tours and
travels with them more as one of their
own immediate party than any mem
ber of the company.
SHORTAGE IN
THE ACCOUNTS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, Feb. 12.— The Grand Jury
of Monterey County, which .has been
in session in this city for the past week,
made a partial report to Judge N. A.
Dorn to-day. The Judge, not having
appointed other grand Jurors to take
the places of the members of this one,
they were only temporarily dismissed.
Four indictments were found. Ex-
County Tax Collector Charles L. West
lake was found short $7030 54 In his
accounts for the years 1895 and 1896,
and the District Attorney was instruct
ed to take proper proceeding to collect
that amount.
This makes the sixth indictment
brought against Westlake. At the last
sitting of the Jury in January It found
the ex-Tax Collector short over $8000.
He was then under four indictments for
shortages aggregating about $950 for
county licenses, had been tried and ac
quitted on one charge and was about to
stand trial for another. The trial was
for a shortage of about $200, and after
a long deliberation the jury was dis
charged, nine favoring for acquittal.
He will be tried on March 7 on the
same charge.
County Assessor W. A. Anderson was
found to be short in his accounts. The
Assessor's accounts for the year 1896
show a deficit of $819 85.
This amount was, however, allowed to
be paid by Mr. Anderson. A search
ing examination failed to show any in
tention on the part of the Assessor to
defraud the county, and the Grand
Jury exonerated him of criminal in
tent. This is the second shortage that
has been found in the Assessor's office.
The last report of the Grand Jury
showed a deficit of over $1000 in An
derson's accounts, but he was allowed
to make this good.
It was thought by some that further
charges would be brought against
County Auditor George S. Miller, for
at the last meeting of the jurors they
charged him with willful neglect of of
fice, and papers were filed against him.
The matter is now under advisement by
Judge Dorn.
The Grand Jury authorized the ex
perting of some officers' accounts for
the Dears 1894 and 1895.
had to hold out golden promises which
he had not the slightest idea of keep
ing. He made futile pledges which
wrung from the despairing wretch a
familiar story, even at that time, com
mon property. Whether Fltzpatrick
lent himself to the scheme, or was pur
chased, is not exactly known, but if a
price was named for his useless ser
vices he is in a more advantageous po
sition to collect than the poor dupe
who was swindled out of the story of
crime. It is the consensus of legal
opinion that a confession extorted by
fraud and threat is without value, and
as the facts were already well known,
the only thing accomplished by the
Examiner beyond making a display of
itself was to cloud the situation and
throw obstacles in the path of justice.
ANNEXATIONISTS
ABANDON HOPE
Cannot Get the Votes
Necessary to Pass
the Treaty.
After All the Speeches Are Fin
ished the Measure Will
Be Withdrawn.
It Is Now Evident That Hawaii and
Cuba Will Have to Be Con
sidered Jointly.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Feb. 12.
The friends of the annexation of
Hawaii, In the Senate, have abandoned
hope of ratifying the treaty. They lack
four votes of the necessary sixty, and
they see no way at present in which
these can be secured. Had they been
able to decide upon the course to be
pursued in the event of the defeat of
the treaty they would force a vote at
once or else withdraw It. But they
have let the discussion run on in the
hope that the sky might clear.
There are still several speeches to be
delivered in executive session, and
there is no present Intention of at
tempting to cut these off, but nothing
further will be done toward putting the
treaty through.
It is believed that when the qtiestion
comes up in open session it will give
rise to as much debate as has already
taken place. The opponents of annex
ation are confident that their case im
proves with argument and that the dis
cussion would have an effect on pub
lic opinion favorable to them. Never
theless, the members of the Foreign
Relations Committee will bring the
question up as soon as they can de
vise how it can be brought up.
Senator Chandler and Senator Mor
gan are of the opinion that the Cuban
and Hawaiian question ought to be
joined when it comes to positive leg
islation, and Senator Mason served no
tice in his speech this week that he
was for Cuba first.
This is r problem that the friends of
annexation will have to mcct — ho.w to
get a joint resolution through without
having it ineumbered with a Cuban
resolution. It is thought that Speaker
Reed cannot prevent the House from
adopting a double resolution on Cuba
and Hawaii, and that the President
would give his approval.
TO BE EXTENDED NORTH
TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12.— United States
Minister Wilson at Santiago, Chile, has
notified the State Department that a
consolidation is probable of the two pow
erful steamship companies on the South
ern Pacific coast, the Compania Sud
Americana de Vapores, under the Chilean
flag, and the Pacific Steam Navigation
Company. The combined lines, aided by
a Government subsidy from Chile, are to
extend their service northward to San
Francisco.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without remoVal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
STRUCK DOWN
BY ASSASSINS
Charles Collins' Corpse
Found Near Santa
Monica.
Suspicion Falls Upon a Neigh
bor, Who Is Placed
Under Arrest.
Evidence Indicating That the Victim
Was Murdered for His Paltry-
Savings.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SANTA MONICA, Feb. 12.— The body
of Charles Collins, a well-known car
penter of this place, was found 'to-day
in the sandhills south of the town. The
top and back of the skull had been
crushed in, evidently with an ax,
hatchet or heavy timber. Collins was
building a house for himself and occu
pied a tent on his lot not far from the
spot where his body was found. His
nearest neighbors were Peter Garcia
and family. They had lived on a part
of Collins' land, but their house had
recently been moved off to make room
for his improvements.
Mrs. Garcia, a not very prepossessing :
woman, seemed not at all surprised i
when told of the murder. It might
have been an everyday occurrence, for
all of the interest she manifested. She
immediately* declared, however, that
Collins was building the new house for
her, and claimed she had loaned him i
$50, part of which he had repaid. She
said he had told her last night that he
was going to Los Angeles, and would
not be home until Monday. His effects
seem to disprove this assertion, as his
valise was open and his effects strewed !
about, and his carpenter tools lay
about just where he had used them.
The body was discovered by two
women, and Marshal Dexter was noti- j
fled. It' lay face down, with the right
arm underneath. There was no evi
dence of a struggle. One theory is that
he was murdered in his tent and the
body carried to this place, yet the con
ditions indicate that ho fell there.
Tracks of two persons led to the place,
and the tracks were deep In the sand,
as though the pair might have carried
a heavy load. On each side of the body
was a depression, as though some one
had knelt in the sand. Collins' watch
chain was broken and the watch gone.
He had no money upon him, although ]
when he paid a lumber bill two days
ago, he was seen to have a number of
$20 gold pieces.
Suspicion fell at once on Garcia. It
is reported that he pawned a saw be
longing to Collins last night, and this
morning redeemed it. He was then
seen to have a $20 gold piece in his
possession. It was discovered that he
had paid a small bill or two.
He could not be found until this even
ing, when the officers took him into
custody. It is thought he had been in
Los Angeles. He was wearing new
shoes and a new pair of overalls and
had $2 30 in his possession. As 30 cents
would be more than he ordinarily had,
and, especially, as he had been drink
ing, appearances were against him.
He did not ask what was wanted of
him. When he was taken to the
morgue Constable Myers struck a
match. Although the corpse was seem
ingly unrecognizable, the arm over the
blood-stained face, when they asked
him if he knew the man he immediate
ly answered:
"Yes, that is my neighbor."
It is hardly possible that he could
have heard of the murder. His house
is guarded and will be thoroughly
searched for more incriminating evi
dence. It is not known whether Col
lins has a family or not, as he has al
ways been alone here. Mrs. Garcia
says that he has a daughter, but she
does not know where.
THE GREYHOUNDS
FOOL THE TALENT
Six Times the Short-Enders
Pluck Spicy Per
simmons.
Field Stewards Detect Ona Case of
Fraud and Promptly
Act
Fifteen hundred people went out to In
gleslde yesterday to see the coursing.
They saw lots of it and of all sorts. The
Eastern dogs of Dr. yon Hummel tired
them in the start. The talent looked upon
Prince of Fashion as a "pipe" over Yon
Hummel' s Van Neda and played the
Prince at 2to 1. Even the doctor him
self had little faith in Van Neda and
played her for but a few dollars. She
won from the PrFnce with ease. The
latter seemed averse to killing and threw
away at least two opportunities.
Then Yon Hummel's crack Yon Brulle
came out against the so-called scrub, Nel
ly Daly. Nelly may be a scrub, but if
she is, scrubs are valuable. She turned
down the Eastern flyer and was back in
her kennels without wetting her coat.
The Duke of Oakgrove was another
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADESOPER
m!!9m!^ GUARANTEES
|CT^|jffl^ i That the cost of treatment to effect a
9sMo)2^ : cure, by his NEW I 'SYSTEM,; will not
*^^-^jKI exceed the prices named below, includ-
F^^^ in^ all medicines.
v>£S^iiBP^ If incurable you 'Will be told so.
Catarrh .. ..............$2O 00 ] Pi1e5....... ...... ..V...520 00' Kidney Diseases ......$2O 00
Rheumatism .......... 20 00 Paralysis ......;.......• 60 00 Nervous '. Debility : -. 20 00
Neuralgia ...........;.. 20 00 Skin Diseases ...... v... 20 00 Syphilis .;........ ■ " SO 00
Sciatica.... .. .........: 20 00 Diabetes.... ............ 25 00 Varicocele !!!'" 20 00
Fistula .. .........;:30 00 Ulcers * (chronic) ...... 40 00 Stricture .. .-.:.. !.!!''30 00
Asthma .. ..":7;vr."T:;r;'. 25 00 Bladder Diseases ■.."..; 20 00 Rupture". . ' "** 40 00
Gravel ..........:...:.; 20 00 Bronchitis ..;.... ...... 20 00 Loss of Manhood!'.!!'.' 20 00
Consumption, Ist stage 30 00 Epilepsy or Fit 5.....:. 30 00 Gonorrhoea "10 00
Tape Worm 20 00 ! Diseases of Liver 20 00 Gleet ........ """ 15 00
Dr0p5y......... ........ 30 00 ! Goitre or Thick Neck. 30 00 Prostatic Diseases ."." 20 00
Dyspepsia...... ....... 15 00 Salt Rheum ............ 25 00 Tumors ....$5O 00 to 400 00
Deafness,.....; ........ 30 00 Bright's Disease 40 00 1 Cancer ..... $lOO 00 to COO 00
During the past three months ' 2526 ■ were examined, and 842 were rejected as Incurable.
No matter what your Disease or Affliction may be. nor of how long standing secure th«> ODlnlon
of these EMINENT CAN 4DIAN PHYSICIANS, as It ; COSTS YOU NOTHING - -
ks THE NEUTRALIZING SYSTEM OF TREATMENT is a boon to suflerlnY humanity
as It does away ; with the taking- of poisonous mineral remedies." ■-'"••--••. <-■ •- *•■• "
lnll?e^eldH^^o^7bTthtews"^e m ! BeaBe<land **** tT ° m «^ly indlscreUon and excess
tn'«S?? EA E . SOF . WO:>IE> treated by an entirely new and Dainiess method. Those unable
*S &■«! S
DR. A. SOPER'S SANITARIUM,
524 Taylor Street, ■• cor. FRANCISCO , CAL .
"sure thing" over Nelly B. The latter
outworked him from slips to kill. Nelly
B was, in fact, in much better form than
she has shown for several weeks.
The course between Fleetwood and
Grasshopper developed something of a
sensation. Grasshopper is admittedly
fast cind clever, but Fleetwood should
have done the trick handily and the
talent made him a 3 to 1 favorite. lie
was never In it after the lead up and
when Grasshopper won Judge Grace
promptly called the attention of the Held
stewards to the fact that from appear
ances Fleetwood had either been brought
on the field overfed or with an overdose
of water. The field stewards took the
matter in hand instantly and inside of ten
minutes Fleetwood. his owner and all
other dogs owned in the same name were
ruled off for life. The owner of Fleet
wood had trusted him solely to his train
ers and there was where the job was put
up.
The running was as follows: Dr.
yon Hummel's Van Neda beat Low &
Thompson's Prince of Fashion; S. E. For
tal's At Last beat D. Kane's Spray; Kay
& Tranfs Diana beat G. Pinto's Hercules;
P. Carney's Nelly Daly beat Dr. yon
Hummel's Yon Brulle; Scott Glassen's
Magic beat J. J. Warren's Sweet Lips;
McComb & Bryan's Glenwood beat Scott
& Glassen's Sylvanus; J. Quane's Fire
man beat D. Chilla's St. Nicholas; H.
Spring's Pat Molloy beat J. Peri
go's Wayfarer; J. Byrne's Nellie
B beat J. McCormick's Duke of
Oakgrove; W. Ryan's Swtnnerton
beat M. Roger's Sly Boy; Deckelman
& Panario's Old Glory beat J. McCor
mick's Rapid; J. Dean's Connemara beat
P. Carney's Annie Daly; H. R. Baldwin's
Grasshopper beat C. \V. Dewlaney's
Fleetwood; E. Scott's Lord Byron beat S.
Desimone's Logan; S. E. Portal's Galla
gher ran a bye r Rosewood being like Fleet
wood, ruled off); Low & Thompson's High
Born Lady beat Kay & Train's Comedy;
S. E. Portal's Laurelwood beat D. Len
non's Bendalong; E. J. Henoy's Hark
away beat T. Burkes Damsel; M. Mur
phy's Tod Sloane beat J. Byrne's Silk
wood; J. Murnam's Flashlight beat Lar
key & Rock's Myrtle; T. Butler's Susie
beat J. Dean's Mialma; P. Riley's Ranger
beat Gibson & Sater's Molly Buwn.
The ties will be run off to-day, com
mencing at 11 a. m. The best liked at the
outset are At Last, Diana, Glenwood. Pat
Molloy, Swinnerton, Connemara, Grass
hopper, Gallagher. Laurelwood, Tod
Sloane, Susie, find Ranger a bye.
WILL PROBABLY RECOVER.
George B. Sperry Resting Easily at
the French Hospital After a
Successful Operation.
Present indications point favorably to
the ultimate recovery of George B.
Sperry frojn the wounds inflicted by an
accidental explosion of a shotgun while
on a hunting expedition in Martn County.
The sufferer, who is at present lodged
in one of the wards at the French Hospi
tal in this city, is resting easy and there
are no immediate indications of blood
poisoning or erysipelas setting in, which
means a speedy mending of the shattered
leg.
Upon the patient's arrival in the city
yesterday afternoon from Olema, where
the accident took place, he was imme
diately taken to the hospital and placed
in the hands and under the care of Dr.
Putnam, the resident physician.
He was instantly placed on the operat
ing table upon his conveyance here and
an anesthetic administered. The shat
tered knee cap was hastily examined and
the wound, which had been dressed by a
country physician soon after the ac
cident occurred, reopened and thoroughly
cleansed. The wound was then restitched
and the entire leg placed in a plaster-of
paris cas_t, after which the patient was
consigned to one of the large rooms ad
joining the main ward.
Dr. Putnam, speaking of the accident
last evening, said that every effort was
being made to save the injured leg, and
unless Sperry's present condition takes
an immediate change for the worse he
has sanguine hopes of a favorable re
sult of the operation and the ultimate re
covery of his patient. Owing to the ex
tremely vital nature of the wound, how
ever, no definite prophecy can be made as
to whether the leg will be saved or it will
be considered necessary to amputate.
CARMAN'S VERSION.
One of the Alaska Trading Commit-
tee to Chicago Gives His
Explanation.
The dispatch in yesterday's Call from
Chicago, in whicn the Alaska Trading
Committee was severely criticized,
brought forth the following explanation
from D. M. Carman, one of those whose
names were mentioned in that dispatch.
This explanation was made to those hav
ing charge of the Alaska Trading Com
mitteee's management in this city. It is
as follows:
"Referring to the article that appeared
in this morning's Call, D. M. Carman of
the Alaska Trade Committee said that,
while it was true that during the two
days that his troubles in Chicago necessi
tated his absence from the Chicago of
fice, some of the employes got on a spree
and, doubtless, did some very question
able things, however, not one dollar of
the committee's money was expended by
them in that way.
"Every dollar of the committee's money
was properly expended, and there is a
voucher for It.
"Of the $1120 received by him on account
of the Eastern trip, $214 50 was paid for
salaries, and the balance was expended
in payment for hall rent, posting the large
posters of the jubilee committee and dis
tributing literature in the towns and the
expenses incidental to the work at hand,
and all is properly accounted for, the bills
having been audited."
OBJECT TO THE ORDER.
Merchants' Association Addresses
the Supervisors on the Side
walk Stairway Matter.
The Merchants' Association has ad
dressed a communication to the Board of
Supervisors In reference to the proposed
license ordinance affecting the space be
neath the sidewalks and protesting
against the passage of the same In its
present form.
It is claimed that the order, unless
largely amended, would work a great in
justice on merchants, and the special
committee that was appointed by the as
sociation to report on the ordinance ad
vances the objection that the existing
areas under sidewalks and the stairways
leading thereto were excavated and con
structed at the expense of the merchants
and with the consent of the city, and
that It would be a manifest injustice to
impose a license fee under the circum
stances.
It is claimed also that the order dis
criminates against Market street, that
thoroughfare being the only one in the
city 100 feet in width.
Fell Dead.
An unknown man fell dead at 5:rW
o'clock yesterday morning while going
into a saloon at 1144 Market street. The
body was taken to the Morgue.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ACTARRH OF JHE STOMACH.
A Pleasant Simple, but Safe Effectual
Cure for It.
Catarrh of the stomach has long
been considered the next thing to in-
curable.
The usaul symptoms are a full or
bloating sensation after eating, accom-
panied sometimes with sour or watery
risings, a formation of gases, causing
pressure on the heart and lungs and
difficult breathing; headache, fickle ap-
petite, nervousness and a general
played out, languid feeling.
There is often a foul taste In the
mouth, coated tongue, and if the in-
terior of the stomach could be seen it
would show a slimy, inflamed condi-
tion.
The cure for this common and ob-
stinate trouble is found in a treatment
which causes the food to be readily,
thoroughly digested before It has time
to ferment and irritate the delicate
mucous surfaces of the stomach.
According to Dr. Harlanson the
safest and best treatment is to use af-
ter each meal a tablet, composed of
Disatase, Aseptic Pepsin, a little Nux,
Golden Seal and fruit acids.
These tablets can now be found at
all drugstores under the name of Stu-
art's Dyspepsia Tablets, and, not
being a patent medicine, can be used
with perfect safety and assurance that
healthy appetite and thorough diges-
tion will follow their regular use after
meals.
Mr. N. J. Boober of 2710 Dearborn
street, Chicago, 111., writes: "Catarrh
is a local condition resulting from a
neglected cold in the head, whereby
the lining membrane of the nose be-
comes inflamed and the poisonous dis-
charge therefrom, passing backward
into the throat, reaches the stomach,
thus producing catarrh of the stomach.
Medical authorities prescribed for ma
for three years for catarrh of stomach
without cure, but to-day I am the hap-
piest of men after using only one box
of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. I can-
not find appropriate words to express
my good feeling.
I have found flesh, appetite and sound
rest from their use.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is the
safest preparation, as well as the
simplest and most convenient remedy
for any form of indigestion, catarrh
of stomach, biliousness, sour stomach,
heartburn and bloating after meals.
Send for little book, mailed free, on
stomach troubles, by addressing Stu-
art Co., Marshall, Mich. The tablets
can be found at drugstores.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
T3l Market Street,
NO PAY TILL CURED.
CONSULTATION FREE.
If you are embarrassed by partial or com-
plete loss of vital power, and feel that you
are not as other men are, as you should be,
consult
DR. MEYERS & CO. :." .J: y^
If you have an ailment recently contracted
or a trouble that has become dangerous from
bad treatment or neglect, consult
DR. MEYERS & CO.
They are the great specialists for all dis-
eases and weakness OF MEN. They cure and
restore quickly and permanently.
Their prices and terms are within the reach
of all. PRIVATE BOOK FOR MEN. Advice
free by mail or at office. All letters confi-
dential.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Established Sixteen Year*.
Specialists for Men of the
Enellsh and German Expert Specialists,
731 Market Street.
Hours, 8 to 5; Evenings, 7 to 8; Sunday*, 9
to 11.
ELY'S CREAM BALM is a positive cure.
Apply into the nostrils. It is quickly absorbed. 60
cento at Drnr^iste or by mail ; samples 10c by nan.
. ELY BROTH F!KS. 50. Warrtu St.. New York City.
SKAGUAY
AndDYEA
The Elegant Fast Steamer
HUMBOLDT
. Will Sail on or About *
FEBRUARY 17th.
For passage and freight, apply at once ta
JOHN A. MAGEE JR.,
Agent, "3lo Clay St.
HIS WELL TO KNOW
BORROW MONEY ZJSSZST
FROM US . . . . . 61\2 per ct.
CALIFORNIA TITLE
INSURANCE AND TRUST CO.,
MIXjLjS BTJTLIDINa-,
CHAS. PAGE, President.
HOWARD E. WRIGHT,
Secretary and Manager.
DR.MCNULTYT
T" r ;lX'7+ L-KXp.WSL -KXp.WS AND RKMABT-E OI.T.
"■^uraoi M«ti onjy. Manly Power restored Over
™£S? r P n ne ":r e - 9pn d for Book. free. &&£
daUv-6 • m'tn"? vtri ? rm \. rea s° l ' a blc. Hours, 9to S
■« Z' - 30 tt»B.»rv'B^. i Siindnys, 10 to 12. Cnnwltn.
, tlon free aud sacredly confided [tiaL ciil oVidtoS
o«l/J*- roscoe Mcxui.TTr.ai. »., .
86& KearwT Sir**! »aa rp»nci««». r>|.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, '
KEAIOsY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
• modeled and renovated. KINO WARD A
CO. <■ European plan, r Rooms BOc *to !SI 50day
:15 to $8 j week, $8 -to $30 month. < Free bath. :
; hot and cold water, every room; ; fire crates la
every, room: elevator nua nil ni»*»«. • -> _., ;LINCOLN DAY
FITTINGLY CELEBRATED.
Li IS ANGELES, Feb. 12.— The an
nlversary of the birth of Abra
ham Lincoln was this evening
made the occasion of the second
annual banquet of the Young
Men's Republican League of Los
Angeles. A most enjoyable and enter
taining time was had by the 400 guests
•who gathered at the banquet table to
observe the natal day of the greatest
American President, and to hear again
the grand doctrines which he gave to
the world, and which are to-day the in
epiration of the Republican party of the
nation.
Music Hall had been elaborately dec
orated for the occasion. Everywhere
■were visible portraits of Lincoln, of
Grant, of Blalne and of the heroes and
plants of the Republican faith, pastand
present. At 8 o'clock the guests had all
been seated, and after a pleasant re
past Hon. A. W. Kinney, president of
the California State League, introduced
the toastmaster, Luther G. Brown, the
local president, who opened the "feast
of reason and the flow of soul" with
the following words:
THE FEAST OPENED.
ReroarKs by Toastmaster
Brown, League President.
"Fellow Republicans — In assuming
this too great honor. It is not my pur
pose to presume upon your patience
with any extended remarks. It is im
possible, however, to resist the tempta
tion to express in some slight ti
the intense feeling of gratification that
the unquestioned success <>f this aus
picious occasion must produce in the
breast of every one present. One ar.d
all, I bid you welcome, and may this
be a genuine Republican love f< ast.
"It was the purpose of the Young
Men's Republican League, in giving '
this banquet, not only to honor the
name of that exalted character whose
memory, like an inspiration, hovers
over us to-night, but also tir bring to
gether here a large concourse of faith
ful Republicans that we might be
moved to sink all party differences,
clasp each other's hands, and pledge :
ourselves anew to those great principles
of which the Republican party has ever
been the protector and the preserver.
I can say that we have succeeded be
yond our most sanguine expectations.
Never before have the Republicans of
this city either planned or exeeiu.
great an undertaking. It is without
precedent, and will probably remain
without a rival until the league gives
Its next banquet at the beginning of
the next Presidential campaign two
years hence.
"I say the next banquet, for the
T"ung Men's Republican League is
here to stay. Wo are ready and will
ing to fight the battles of our party.
for we know that when we are fighting
the battles of our party we are light
ing the battles of our country. This is
the opening gun of the fourth cam
paign in which the league has taken an
active and aggressive part. We are a
permanent institution, and a duly ac
credited part of the State League and
of the National Republican League.
We were represented at the last two
National League conventions, and will
participate in the State League Con
vention this spring and send delegates
to the National League Convention in
Omaha next June.
"We have no quarrel, or even any
Bpirit of rivalry with any Republican
club, save a spirit of emulation not to
be outdone by any in our zeal for the
Republican party. We realize that oth
er clubs are necessary to the proper
organization of the party; we bid all
euch welcome, and assure them of our
cordial cooperation in all plans that
will tend to the success of the princi
ples of the Republican party.
"The Young Men's Republican
League has no candidates for any of
fice from Governor down to Justice <,f
the Peace, but when the Republican
party, in delegate convention assem
bled, has nominated its candidates, we
will be with them till the day of vic
tory, fcT we know not defeat. Vnere is
but one thing that we iVm&nd, and
that thing we have a right to demand,
and that is that the best men in the party
be nominated to office. The league does
not desire to boss the party or to run
tilings, but don't ask us to fight a los
ing fight. Give us the best men, and
we will give you victory."
The toastmaster then caused patriot
:' lc. letters to be read from Republicans
prominent In the affairs of the nation,
among the authors being President L-
J Crawford of the National League,
Hon.- Nelson Dinglcy, Hon. Frank Mo-
Laughlin, Senator George C. Perkins
and Congressman S. G. Hilborn. The
sentiments in the various letters were
vociferously applauded.
Hon Thomas Fitch was then intro
duced and responded with a master
piece of eloquence to the toast "Abra
ham Lincoln."
In responding to the toast. "The Cali
fornia Republican League," Colonel
<;eorge Stone of San Francisco, among
other things, said: "The scope for
r.'jlitical usefulness of the National Re
publican League is not understood in
this State. There is no other political
organization possessed of such elements
f of strength and power. Its principles
are of the highest and its methods the
most dignified. The rule of non-inter
ference with local caucuses and con
ventions appeals to that large number
of citizens who, while recognizing the
necessity under certain conditions of
caucus manipulation, personally dislike
to engage in such work. The loyalty
nrifiy which the league always supports
regular Republican nominees com
mends it to the party leaders and all
true Republicans.
SAFE IN THE FOLD.
Senator Bulia Srjows Califor
nia Is a Republican State.
In responding to the toast: "Califor
nia a Republican State," Senator Bulla
proved by statistics the fidelity of Cali
fornia to the Republican cause, and
concluded as follows:
"Having demonstrated that Califor
nia has been Republican in the past,
has there been any such change of
litionfl as would tend to defeat the
Republican party at our coming elec
tion? I do not think so. The tariff
question will not be an issue in the
next campaign. That problem has been
solved, and s<> largely in favor of Cal
ifornia and her particular interests
that he would be a bold free trader
indeed who would advocate any modi
fication of the schedules affecting our
industrial interests, but should such
ification be attempted by the Dem
ocratic party it would redound largely
to the benefit of the Republican ticket.
Whether or not the IMngley bill has
restored the degree of prosperity which
its advocates claimed for it, the fact
remains that thousands of mortgages
in every State in the Union are being
discharged, and even though that may
be due in part to a shortage of crops
in foreign Jands while 'our own fruit
ful fields laugh in abundance,' a kind
providence has seen fit to bring this
about during a Republican administra
tion, and our party will be the bene
ficiary of this benevolent action of the
Almighty. Of course the currency
question is still an open one, but our
party is certainly in no worse position
with reference thereto than it was one
year ago.
"The only danger which has threat
ened us at any time upon that issue
was the defection of the sound mony
Democrats, or rather their possible re
turn to their own party, but the intro
duction and passage in the Senate of
the Teller resolution has emphasized
the fact that the issues of the last cam
pa ipn are not dead, and every friend of
sound money will see the necessity for
the same d"jrree of vigilance that was
required at that time to maintain the
honor of the nation. Thus we have
every reason to expect the continued
co-operation of all friends of sound
y until this vexatious problem
shall have been satisfactorily adjusted
In some way. Upon other national ques
tions, the Democratic conventions
throughout the different States have
Indorsed and declared their adherence
x<> the principles and declarations of
the Chicago platform, and upon these
Issues the pi ople one year ago emphat
ically declared their opposition to its
revolutionary statements.
"There are some things, however,
which Republicans must do. They
must act harmoniously, adopt a plat
form fair to all classes, nominate good
men for office, renounce ana denounce
all bosses, faithfully discharge their
political duties as citizens, adhere to
their patriotism and respect for Gov
ernment in all its branches, and organ
ize thoroughly and effectively for the
work of the campaign. These things
being done, I am unable to see any
sufficient reason why we should fear
the failure of the Republican party at
the next election, and I confidently
predict for our entire ticket, from Gov
ernor to Constable, a most glorious and
triumphant victory next November,
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1898.
and that we may then as now rejoice
in the fact that California is a Repub
lican State."
ROLL OF HEROES.
Hon. F- R- Davis Pays Tribute
to Great Republicans.
The Hon. Frank F. Davis responded
as follows to the sentiment, "Our Re
publican Heroes."
"Mr. President and Gentlemen: The
field of heroism Is as limitless as
human endeavor. Wherever the
genius of man has crystallized human
effort into a system there shine Us
splendid examples. It has been the
creation of religion, of business, of po
litical life in all ages of civilization.
"Circumstances and exigencies cre
ate political parties. Into that new
creation as its essence of life comes the
burning: question of the hour. That
question may be as selfish in char
acter as what shall be the standard
medium of exchange, or it may rise to
the splendid ideality of human liberty;
but when that question, whatever it
may be, becomes vital and aroUnd it
gather the hosts which make a polit
ical entity, then dawns the day for he-
roic action. It is the glory and boast
of the Republican party that its he
n>es are the nation's heroes, and their
immortal names the common heritage
of the republic. The foremost figure
in the field is the pioneer hero. He is
born, reared, perfected under circum
stances of trial, and in the fire which
tries the hearts and souls of men. He
is the man of the ax. Beneath the
strokes of his arm fall the tangled
forests of human error, and he bares
his breast to the impending rocks of
human opposition. His the unfaltering
courage, the clear and well-defined
purpose, the never-tiring brain, the
never-ceasing progressive movement,
the unalterable faith in the certainty
of prevailing truth and the undying
hope that in the end all things will
work out for the welfare of humanity.
"Such in character was Abraham Lin
coln. What a birth and training for
the field of heroism. A log cabin in
the wilderness, a chore boy upon the
farm, a clerk in the corner grocery, a
struggling country lawyer. His sphere
of action the field of Western politics,
a farm wagon for a rostrum, the
scarred and worn toilers of field and
forest for audience, the political bat
tle fought by night and by day In
school -house, in open field, in country
church, on village square, and amid ail
the struggle for daily bread, with mis
fortune, sorrow, opposition keen, some
times almost overwhelming, the daily
and nightly wage. So born and trained
he came to wield the destinies of a
great nation.
After stirring eulogies of Lincoln.
Grant and Blame, the speaker closed In
this eloquent manner:
This hour of uncertainty demands the
genius of the hero statesman. The
crisis demanded and received the splen
did leadership of the Plumed Knight,
James G. Blame. Then was born the
watchword, "The American workshop
for American labor, protection to home
industries." Under the broad utilitari
anism of that gifted genius mark our
country's progress. Out into the wil
derness stretches the iron threads of
numberless railways; the whistle of the
steam engine, the roar of the forge and
the crash of machinery awaken the
echoes of the forest, and on the broad
fields of the public domain where wild
Indians and still wilder beasts have
made their haunts and lair rise the
humble cabin of the homesteader. Into
every line of human activity come
strength and prosperity. New fields of
action open, the unemployed millions of
other shores invited to participate in
our prosperity join the advancing hosts,
and the unfed and ill-clad millions of
the unemployed find he-nest work for
honest hands to do. The population
doubles, national wealth increases by
the thousands of millionß. capital finds
safe investment, and labor steady and
remunerative employment. It is but a
sketch, an outline. Time forbids more.
Tears for the heroes dead, cheers for
the living. Grant and Linco-In and
Blame have passed from the theater of
active life, but the field still demands
Republican heroism. In that field of
action stand the young men of to-day.
From their ranks must spring the he
roes of the future. The strength of the
Republican party is In its young men.
That strength is well founded. The
face of youth is ever toward the dawn,
and on the uplands of the rising day of
action it fights and wins its battles.
From the ranks of the Republican par
ty, as the hour shall demand, whether
for the work of the pioneer In new and
untrod paths, that of the soldier on the
field of battle, or that of the statesman
BY THE
YOUNG MENS REPUBLICAN LEAGUE OF LOS ANGELES
A BRILLIANT ORATION BY THOMAS FITCH.
n ON. THOMAS FITCH, in re-
I \ spending to the toast, "Abra
| I ham Lincoln," said:
*J It Is 89 years since Abra
ham Lincoln was born. It Is
nearly 33 years since he climbed to
immortality. We may now Impar
tially discuss his character and his
acts, for time wears out prejudices,
tranquilizes passions and induces
men to respect the integrity of mo
tive of those from whom they have
radically differed. If Wendell Phil
lips were alive to-day he would
propably incur no personal risk in
addressing an audience in New Or
leans. If Jefferson Davis were still
in the flesh he would certainly be
accorded a patient hearing in Bos
ton. The men of this generation
can scarcely realize that less than
half a century ago slavery was not
only powerful but popular in the
North as well as the South, while
those whrr claimed themselves in fa
vor of its abolition incurred social,
business and political ostracism in
the North, and insult, assault and
expulsion in the South. Few post
masters south of Mason and Dixon's
line would have delivered a copy of
the New York Tribune to a sub
scriber, and few subscribers would
have ventured to receive a copy of
it except in a sealed envelope. The
Northern man who Journeyed south
ward padlocked his lips when he
crossed the Potomac or the Ohio.
In the streets of Southern cities
slaves marched to the auction block
with the clank of their manacles un
muffled, but the voice of freedom
was hushed to silence, her dramas
were unpresented, her songs un
sung. A despotism more drastic
than that of Russia ruled in fifteen
States. The vast amount of capital
invested in slave property was ap
parently safely intrenched behind
barriers of Judge-made law, bas
tions of commercial power and bat
teries of social prestige. In all of
the Southern and in many of the
Northern States the great forces of
society were enlisted in the inter
ests of the slave holders. The con
servative influence of the churches,
always exercised in favor of exist
ing authority, was allied to the prej
udices of the slums against the ne
gro. The power of the banks — millions
upon millions of whose money was
loaned upon the security of human
chattels— was linked to the ambi
tion of politicians whose nomina
tion and election depended upon the
favor of the slave-holders. The en
ergies of merchants anxious for
Southern custom and the power of a
press seeking for commercial adver
tising were all massed against anti
slavery agitation. The millionaire
and the proletariat marched in the
lock step of comrades and bowed to
Dagon, and slavery officered onir
army and navy, ruled our courts
and Legislatures and Congresses,
dictated our foreign and domestic
policies, dominated our political
parties and selected our Presidents,
Pabinets, Embassadors, postmasters
and customs officers. Yet, even
with the combined power of all
these forces, agitation for the abo
lition of slavery could no more be
suppressed than could the waves be
stopped from dashing when the
Btorm king rides the seas, or the
earth be stopped frnrn quivering
when internal fires throb in her fur
naces.
Radical utterances on the one
side instigated utterances equally
radical on the other. A Southern
Senator characterized the constitu
tion of the United States as "a prof
itless compact with Northern mud
sills." while Garrison denounced it
as "a league with death and a cove
nant with hell." Toombs boasted
that the time would come "when
he could call the rail of his slaves
on Bunker Hill," and Seward de
clared that the hour was approach-
Ing when "New Orleans must cease
to be a mart for the bodies and
souls of men."
Yet, notwithstanding, the rising
tempest of agitation, the dormant
and drowsy conscience of the North
slept on, until the slave-holders
themselves aroused it by repealing
the Missouri compromise which they
themselves had enacted thirty-four
years before. Their action was bit
terly denounced at the time by men
of all parties, yet its logic may not
at this day be justly criticized, for
slavery was aggressive by that very
necessity of its nature which de
manded expansion as a condition
precedent of continued existence.
The world was weary of it. Pro
gressive civilization called for its
extinction. It was a relic of bar
barism out of touch with the times.
The nineteenth century had become
for it the enemy's country where
to halt was to die, and bo it defi
antly smote the nineteenth century
in the face and marched out Into
the open with drums beating and
colors flying. Then the freemen of
the North awoke with the spring
and roar of lions aroused from
slumber. Out of the farms and fac
tories, out of the forests and mines,
out of the shops and counting
houses they came. They formed the
grandest association of freemen
that the world has ever known, and
they named it the "Republican Par
ty." For it and its beneficent pur
poses the tongue of the orator has
been kindled with fire from the al
tar. For it the strain of the poet
has swelled to the sweetest song.
For it the sword of the soldier has
flashed along the line of victorious
armies, and whatever the future
may have in store for it, its glori
ous past will live as long as the
English tongue.
It may not always have been in
fallible in its selection of measures,
and it may not always have been
wise in its choice of representatives,
but its purposes have ever been
high and patriotic.
It was officered at its inception by
captains, whose names now stand
high on the rail call of fame — Sum
ner and Wilson and Fessenden and
Hale of New England; Seward and
Greeley and Curtis in New York:
Winter Davis and Cassius Clay and
the Blairs in the border States;
Chase and Wade and Giddings and
Trumbull in the Northwest; Baker
on the Pacific.
There were giants in the land in
those days, intellectual caryatides
who upheld their age. Small men
with large bank accounts had not
then excluded large men with small
bank accounts from the high places
of state. The pretorian guards of
politics had not then inaugurated
the practice of shamelessly selling
Senatorial togas to metallic acci
dents, whose dense and unsensitive
egotism made them unaware that
a seat in the United States Senate
Is not of itself distinction, but only
an opportunity to achieve it. The
passage of the Kansas-Nebraska
bill made no longer available the
honeyed glue of compromise with
which Henry Clay had bo often
linked repellant atoms in inhar
monious alliance, and in 1856, for
the first time in our history, the
forces of freedom and slavery were
aligned for battle. Candidates for
the Democratic nomination for the
Presidency were numerous, but the
chief contest was between Douglas
and Buchanan. Douglas was com
paratively young, ' his fidelity to
slavery had not been tested, the
Blave-holders needed the Keystone
State, and they selected the morally
cartilaginous and mentally unossi
fied Pennsylvanian as an affable
availability. Out of the ultimate
West came Fremont to lead the
forces of freedom. Pathfinder was
he, seeking untrodden ways in poli
tics as in the exploration of moun
tain and desert. With the light of
freedom in his loyal eyes and the
bronze of Western suns on the face
that never feared a foe or shirked
a contest, he led the Republican
party to a battle which, though lost,
yet proved the Bunker Hill of our
new revolution. The contest of 1856
was the midnight sun of an emanci
pated North, for its setting rays
glowed with the presage of a vic
tory that was to bring the illumina
tion of freedom to a nation.
Four years of fruitless struggle,
in which slavery vainly sought to
fasten itself on the new North
west, and then the hour of tri
umph arrived. A leader of
leaders was needed, and all eyes
were turned toward Illinois. A man
for the times was demanded, and
the God of the eternities presented
him in the person of Abraham Lin
coln.
He was the child of poverty and
toil. Not the hopeless poverty and
cringing toil of those who labor
amid the din of European marts,
but the manly submission to priva
tion, and unmastered toil of the
Western pioneer, whose eye of faith
beholds the star of hope shining
above the clouds, and who in his
dreams of the future drapes himself
with the Senator's toga or the
Judge's gown. Abraham Lincoln
was self-made and self-reliant, but
never self-seeking or self-sufficient.
He was honest, not with that nur
tured integrity which too often
proves an exotic that dies at the
first blast of adversity, but he was
honest by instinct, and because it
never occurred to him to be other
than honest. He was in spirit as in
fact one of and one with the peo
ple, and he needed no guide to find
the way to their hearts. He loved
liberty of action, of speech and of
thought, and in so far as his gener
ous and chivalric soul would suffer
him to hate anything, he hated tyr
anny and meanness and shams. His
was a personality so vital that it
cannot die, and after all these years
he seems a living presence rather
than a memory. He was a master
of speech, his passion and pathos
and humor were matchless, and as
as a logician he was peerless. His
iron-limbed syllogisms crushed
Bophisms as if they were eggshells.
His wit, his philosophy, his strong
saving common sense, his quaint
forms of expression have filled our
political literature with familiar
apothegms. What better rebuke to
dogmatism than the phrase, "Ev
erybody is wiser than anybody";
what clearer description of a repub
lic than "government of the people,
by the people, for the people."
What more complete destruction of
sophism than his answer to the con
tention of his opponent than slav
ery must be excluded from a terri
tory by unfriendly legislation.
"Judge Douglas," said he, "holds
that a thing may be lawfully driven
away from a place where it has a
lawful right to go." What annihi
lating sarcasm in his reply to those
who insisted that Republican vic
tory would entail negro equality and
miscegenation. "Because I do not
want a colored woman for my
slave," said he. "it does not follow
that Ido want her for my wife. My
understanding is that I can Just let
her alone."
His argument against secession is
stated in a sentence, "Can aliens
make treaties easier than friends
can make laws?" What grander
plea for liberty than his appeal to
Congress in behalf of the 13th
amendment? "In giving freedom to
slaves," he said, "we assure free
dom to the free, honorable alike in
what we give and in what we pre
serve. We shall nobly save or
meanly lose the last best hope erf
earth."
What more comprehensive state
ment of trie duty of the hour than
the familiar sentence, "With mal
ice toward none, with charity for
all, with firmness for the right as
God gives us to see the right."
There are many words of Lincoln
so fitly and grandly said that they
will burn In the sky of history like
fixed stars, even when the master
pieces of great orators shall have
vanished with their train of rhetor
ical splendors into space. There are
ideas of his which victorious arm
ies have placed upon their eagles
and carried to a grander fruition
than ever prophet foretold or poet
dreamed. Never was ruler or. rep
resentative truer to a trust than he.
His reigning animating purpose was
to preserve the geographical integ
rity and political unity of the
United States of America, and hia
determination to extend the bless
ings of freedom to every human be
ing dwelling beneath the shelter of
our flag was an outgrowth of the
original design. He never lost sight
of this purpose. He was conserva
tive when the premature adoption
of radical measures might have
alienated the wavering and weak
ened the Union cause. He was rad
ical when the power of time and
circumstance had crumbled the bar
riers of prejudice which for years
had obstructed the road to justice.
His individualism was never ab
sorbed or subverted even by the
genius and power of the great men
who daily counseled him. Without
being egotistic or dogmatic or stub
born, he was firm. He "took each
man's counsel and preserved his
Judgment." Without previous train
ing in the conduct of public affairs,
he was called upon to grasp the
reins of government when the char
iot of state was rocking amid the
convulsions of war. But he kept a
steady hand, and neither the terri
fied counsels of o'er-cautious con
servatism, nor the demands of un
thinking and Improvident zeal could
drive him from the road along
which he believed the safety of the
natio-n demanded he should guide
his countrymen. It was his privi
lege to select the best policy for the
time, and his gift of discrimination
was marvelous. He stands ap
proved by the popular judgment,
both of his times and of later his
tory, as seldom having made a mis
take. He was sometimes deceived
in his judgment of men, but he was
hardly ever at fault in his judg
ment of measures. Understanding
the American people better than
many men of more experience in
statesmanship, he never entertained
a doubt as to the final iss\ie of the
contest. When disaster encompassed
us and defeat hurled back our arm
ies, he called for more men. Sus
tained by his imperturbable trust
in the righteousness of our cause
and in the power and willingness of
the people to meet aft requirements,
he pressed steadily onward to that
perfect consummation of national
peace, unity and freedom which,
with the faith born of presence, he
felt would be sure to come, and
which he almost lived to see.
Shall we of this day not profit on
the performances of public duty by
recalling the life and teachings of
this patriot and martyr? On the
morning after the news came of
Lincoln's assassination, crowds
surged in front of the United States
Government buildings in Wall
street, and the air was charged with
panic. Then there arose upon the
granite steps a son of Ohio, who
years afterward worthily, though
briefly, occupied Lincoln's chair and
quieted the fears of the multitude
with a sentence now historic, "God
reigns, and the Government at
Washington still lives."
A month ago another son of Ohio,
emerging in triumph from a politi
cal contest, the mephitic odors of
which still poison the atmosphere,
paraphrased, and shall I not say it?
burlesqued Garfleld's great utter
ance by telegraphing to the Presi
dent of the United States, "God
reigns, and the Republican party
still lives."
Yes, our goddess lives, not because
of the result of the Senatorial elec
tion in Ohio, but in despite of it.
May she live hereafter as in Lin
coln's day, an expression of the
brains and conscience and patriot
ism of the nation, and not as a sat
rap, scourged and gasping and
weary at the chariot wheels of Plu
tus! May she live unswindled by
the hucksters of the caucus and
undebauched by the bawds of the
lobby! May she live with ears un
attuned to the clink of the briber's
gold and with brow unbranded with
the scarlet letter! May she live
with her foreign policy unshaped
by the magnates of the sugar trust
and her finances unruled by the
mouthpiece of a banker's syndicate!
May the harvest of prosperity which
her rule is bringing to the nation
not be blighted by the hot and
greedy blasts of selfishness while
the corn is still in the milk, and
may those who now control her des
tinies turn their backs upon Wall
street and their faces to the western
stars, and so guide our ship of state
that from his place above, Abra
ham Lincoln,
The firm patriot there,
Who made the welfare of mankind his
care,
Shall know he conquered.
in the halls of legislation, shall be born
as the hour demands new Lincolns, new
Grants, new Blames, to guard the eter
nal welfare of the republic.
Hon. H. C. Gooding, Hon. R. J. Wat
ers and ex-Governor John L. Beveridga
also responded to toasts.
The enthusiasm during the evening
was simply unbounded. The banquet
was a success in every way, exceeding
any previous event of the character
that has ever occurred in Los Angeles.
LEAGUE HISTORY.
Crjief Incidents in the Career
of the Organization.
The Young Men's Republican League
of Los Angeles is the pioneer organi
zation of this city, having been formed
in 1592. Its members are always in
the front of the fight, bold, aggressive
and never discouraged by reverses.
The league was organized in Febru
ary, 1892, with A. W. Kinney presi
dent, H. P. Platt secretary and W. F.
Hemming treasurer. Its first head
quarters were on West Second street.
This was in the Harrison-Cleveland
campaign, and the league, being a
uniformed organization and the first
composed of young men in this city, it
at once took an active part in advanc
ing the welfare of the party, visiting
during the fall Pasadena, Wilmington,
Santa Monica and other cities. This
activity so stirred up the opposition
that a party of "unknowns" entered
the league's headquarters and smashed
its furniture and fixtures.
However, the organization continued
to prosper and its efforts were indorsed
by the County Convention. During
this campaign the club assisted in en
tertaining the drill corps of the Union
League Club of San Francisco.
The league reorganized in the Estee-
Budd campaign with 400 members.
George Francis was elected secretary
and Edward Booth treasurer. The
headquarters were located on South
Spring street. During this year many
oganizers and speakers were sent to
neighboring places to form auxiliary
clubs. This work was recognized by
the county convention in a fitting man
ner. The county platform was first
established in 1594. and the Young
Men's League contributed much to its
welfare. Commendatory letters were re
ceived from Mr. Estee and State
Chairman D. M. Burns.
In 1596 President Kinney and Secre
tary Francis were re-elected, F. Down
ing being made treasurer and S. G.
Brown vice-president. The campaign
was formally opened on March 4 by
the first annual banquet of the league.
This was a memorable occasion. Let
ters were read from Thomas Reed, J.
S. Clarkson, Mr. Quay and others high
in the councils of the party. Hon. Wil
liam MeKinley wrote: "Ever sin<?e the
organization of the league movement
I have recognized it as a factor in
shaping the policy and destinies of our
party. It affords me pleasure to send
my best wishes for the success of your
banquet and to express to you my con
fidence that the great principles of the
HON. THOMAS FITCH.
(Photo by Taber.)
Republican party are now universally
recognized throughout the United States
as being absolutely necessary for the
progress and prosperity of the coun
try."
The League opened up elegant quar
ters in the Stowell block, and Its 700
members immediately got to work.
Strong resolutions were adopted favor
ing San Francisco as the city for hold
ing the National Republican Conven
tion, and these were sent to the mem
bers of the National Committee.
At its annual election in 1897 the
league elected the following officers:
President, Luther G. Brown; first vice
president, George B. McLaughlln; sec
ond vice-president, W. M. Hiatt; third
vice-president, F. P. Frost; treasurer,
Alexander Caldwell; secretary, George
Francis; assistant secretary, O. R.
Staples.
In the coming battle of '98 the Young
Men's Republican League will be found
in the thickest of the fray and with its
banners well toward the front. It will
not attempt, as an organization, to
bring out candidates or influence con
ventions, but when the nomination,* are
made its members will support them
loyally until the polls are closed on
the first Tuesday in November.
The members of the executive com
mittee for 1898 are: P. J. Kennedy, T.
Hughes, F. Brakesuhler, G. B. Mc-
Laughlin, A. Caldwell. L. R. Garrett,
S. McClure, F. P. Frost, C. C. Bonnell,
C. R. Staples, W. Knippenberg, W. E.
Ludlow, C. McStay, H. J. Hutchinson,
George E. Pillsbury, Edw. Booth,
George Phibbs, A. Walshe, Z. Swable,
R. E. Drummond, George P. Adams,
W. M. Hiatt, George Francis.
The Young Men's League is repre
sentative of the hope, the vitality and
aspirations of the Republican party,
and as Hon. Charles Emory Smith ex
pressed it: "It is the flower of the
great political force which, as a crea
tive and constructive organization will
rank in history with the party of Chat
ham and the younger Pitt, and with
the party of Washington, Hamilton and
Marshall."
910
CAN RUN IN
RECORD TIME
Fleur de Lis, With Tod
Sloan Up, Took the
Gunst Stake.
Traverser Set a Terrific Clip,
but Was Easily Beaten at
the End.
Three Favorites Finished In Front.
Judge Denny Broke the World's
Two-Mile Record.
The great mare Fleur de LJs con
tinued in her all-conquering career at
Emeryville yesterday, and there are
now hundreds of people willing to
■wager that if she lands in the far East
safe and sound the Brooklyn handicap
Is at her mercy. The Gunst stake,
■worth $1100 to the winner, over a mile
and a sixteenth, is her latest acquisi
tion. It was the fourth race of the
day, and some heavy betting was in
dulged in, Fleur de Lis -with her 109
pounds and Tod Sloan in the saddle
carrying Borne big commissions at odds
of 9 to 10. The next most fancied of
the otlier throe starters was "Pa"
Bradley*s $10,000 beaut}', the chestnut
colt Trarverser. Many figured that with
but ninety-four pounds to carry he
Returning to the Scales After the Gunst Stakes.
woulfl moke a runaway race of It. He
came very close to doing so, and only
a stake animal could have overhauled
him. Clawson had the mount on the
latter and he sent the three year old
out at a heart-breaking pace, reeling
off the six and a half furlongs in 1:29
flat and the mile in 1:39. After this the
favorite had his measure, and at the
•wire won easily in coast record time,
1:46*4. Ostler Joe led Libertine over
the line for the show.
The books received a good play, but
as the taient were in good form most
of them <iuit behind on the day's
sport. Of the favorites, three of the
six headed their fields out at the fin-
ishing post.
The Flirtation Stake, for three-year
old fillies, at six and one-half furlongs,
contrary to expectations, went to the
Burns & Waierhou.se entry, Napamax.
The filly appeared sore in her prelim
inary gallop, and the shrewd ones pre
ferred to string their checks on the
chances of Torsida, with Conley up,
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB— Oakland Track-QOth day of the Win
ter Meeting, Saturday, Feb. 12, 1898. Weather fine. Track fast.
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $300.
(670) Morlnel ~ - 105)
501 Good Friend 105 i
677 Blarney Stone 112 j
F. 36 Valenclenne 102;
616 Chlhuahoa 104J
670 Dr. Bernays 102!
667 Bow and Arrow 102 ;
463 Watomba 100 j
(476) Ablna 1001
665 Catawba 107'
199 Miss Remsem 100'
429 Royal Prize 102 i
667 Kalserln ldo!
429 Ideal 102,
3
I 6
\t
1
10
PS
8
11
5
2
7
\l
9
12
B
13 •
1 14
4 24
? h
7 n
2 2
8 2
12 5
11 4
5 1
1 4
6 h
9 h
14
10 1
13.%
6 4
3 2
4 n
2 5
6 8
12 8
10 4
8 1
1 ns
7 14
9 h
14
11 h
18 2
4 h
8 2
. 6 %
11%
7 4
10 Vi
9 h
8 h
2 8
6%
11 1
IS 4
12 1
14
l H
22
3 3%
4 M
6 l
6 2
7 n
8 1
9 1
10 2
11 8 '
12 3
IS 20
14
pencer
anley
. Martin ...
olmes
lawson
'oods
ray
8 12
6 S
4 4
12 2D
2 3
8 15
12 30
10 15
8 6
5 7
20 30
100 300
15 60
15 100
überville ...
. Jones
imeron
an Kun>n . .
. Xarvaei .
"Connor
. Brown . . .
14
Time, 1:14%. Winner, M. Btorn*s b. f. by Morello-Sunlit.
driving.
Good start.
Won first thre»
585
SECOND RACE! — Three and a half furlongs;
(673) Saintly
654 Buena Ventura
... Foxey
530 Odd Eyes — ]
673 Rey Hooker
66« Ellen Wood
6
2
I
8 n 2 *4
2 34 12
62 6 6
11 1 8 1 .
68 6 2
.7 .7
41 4 I
1 2 -
2 8 j
8 1%
* 14
6 5 ■
«4
omey .......
....
"horpe
4-6 1-J
10 3
20 40
3 3
100 60
15 15
4 6
,uther
. Wood* ....
478 Magdalenes :
Spencer
Time. :42. Winner, Atkln & Lottrldge's br. o. by Imp.
start. Won easily.
586
THIRD RACE— Six and a half furlongs; three- year-old
Staltes; value, $1000.
fillies;
the
Flirtation
(559) Kapamax
(511) Torsida :
425 St. Calatlne
... Allie Bell
:559) Kapamax 109! 2 2 4 11 11 W 11 Thorpe ...
[511) Torslda 11214 3 4 in 2h 2h 2 14 Conley ...
425 St. Calatlne 107 1 3 4 34 344 8 3 3«T. Sloan .
... Allle Bell 10» 1 1 % 4 4 4 4 Spencer ..
2
4
3
1
2%
8%
1%
1 1
3 n
3 4
4
11 1%.
2h 2 h
8 4% - S3
4 4
1 1
2 14
3 6
4
norpe
:onley
'. Sloan
2 t
8-2 8-5
2 2
60 50
peneer
Time. 1:21. Winner, Burna & Waterhouse's br. £. by imp. Maxim-Napa.
Won first three driving.
Good start.
KC7 FOURTH , RACE— and a sixteenth, miles: all ages ;: the Gunat stakes; value,
tfO C $1500. ..-,..-
Index. Horses. Weight. iSt. Std. %m. %m. %m. Str. Fin. ;I • Jockeys. [Op! d.
:562) Fleur dp Lls. 4... .109) 3 2 IV4 2S" 12 JS 244 Ift |T. Sloan 1 4-5
557 Traverser. 3 M 2 1 % 15 12 124 1 1 234 iClawson 5-2 5-2
1529) Ostler Joe. 5 112 182 4 4 4 !% S8 iTuberviile .... 5 6
'577) Libertine, a 112 44 32 38 8% 4 4 jConley 8 9
Time, l:46\i. Winner. A. J. Stemler & Co.'s br. m. by Imp. Maxlm-Fleurette, Good
ptart. Won easily.
Fleur de Lts. 4....X
Trav«>rser, 3 '.
Ostler Joe. 5 l:
Libertine, a i:
I
2
1
4_
2 14
1 %.
8 2
4
2 I"
1 5
4
3 2
I 2
1 2
4
3 8
2
1
4
3
T. Sloan
Clawson
Tuberville
Conley
588
FIFTH RACE— Two miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $500.
(666)
(575)
563
Denny, E IOC
it, 3 83
, 6 101
3ehan, 6 104
4
2
1
3
3 h
1 2
2 1
4
3 2
11%
2 n
1 2
3 24
2 8
1 n
34
2 12 14
1 h 2 30
3 3 3 12
4 4
3-5 11-20
11-5 11-5
5 8
30 60
nor "....!
Time, 8:264- Winner, F. H. Hinde's blk. h. by Fonso-Belle of Nantura.
Won ridden out.
Good start.
589
SIXTH
and upward; purse, $400.
442
669
669'
Griggs, 4 :
•In 11, 4 ;
>rietos, S
ilight, 6 :
c Tyrant, 8
Rht, 4
i Chris, a I
%
4
3
I 7
1 %
6 n
4 2
2 ns
3 »4
6 8
7
2 3%
6 n
3 1%
4 2
1 h
• 6 20
■'1 ' ■' ■■:--■-
1 1
4 h
3 2>4
6 4
2 3>4
6 20
7
W
*%
5 »4
6 4
2 1.
6 30
7:
11
Is*
3 8
4 8
6 1
6 40
7
)a n ....
5-2
6-5
8
6
12
'30
200
9-5
6-5
8
8
10
150
250
•Vlie '".."!
ods
lor
n ......
Time, 1:41. Winner, B. J. Johnston's gr. h. by Imp. Order-Lucy
first three driving.
Good start. Won
sending her to the post favorite. Thorpe
took the lead from Allie Belle with
Napamax soon after the start, and kept
her in frant to the end, leading the fa
vorite out a length, and tripping the dis
tance off in 1:21. Sloan was a close
third, with St. Calatine.
In the two-mile event, taken by the
black horse, Judge Denny, the world's
record, held jointly by Ten Broeck and
Newton, was shattered, the son of Fon
so, carrying 105 pounds, going the route
in 3:26^. It was a hard-f ought battle,
though, Schreiber's colt, Marplot, with
B.°) pounds up, setting a great pace and
contesting every foot of ground at the
end, finally being beaten three or four
lengths. The winner, an 11 to 20 fa
vorite, was ridden by Charley Thorpe,
while Marplot had little Johnny "Woods
up. Collins and Dick Behan, the cmly
other starters, were beaten off.
The muchly touted Chihuahua was
finally given another trial in the open
ing eyent at six furlongs, with a big
field of fourteen facing the barrier.
Notwithstanding the heavy play on the
gelding, he receded in the betting from
S to 2. Clawson got him away from
the post badly, and, though he rushed
him to the fore the first three furlongs,
was unplaced at the end. Morinel, a
15 to 1 shot, ridden by Spencer, headed
the bunch the last furlong, and, in a
drive, led Good Friend out half a
length. Blarney Stone was a close
third.
The two-year-old event, at three and
one-half furlongs, had a very farcical
termination. Saintly opened a pro
nounced choice, but receded to 7 to 5,
the wise play being confined chiefly
to the Burns & Waterhouse entry, Odd
Eyes, which was played from 2l2 l / 2 down
to 2to 1. In a false breakaway Thorpe,
on Odd Eyes, Conley on Buena Ven
tura and Spencer astride Magdalenas,
ducked the barrier and raced pell mell
to the stretch before pulling up. Saint
ly, the first choice, then won easily
from Buena Ventura. Foxey, a GO to 1
shot, finished in the show.
Tod Sloan had the leg up on Lincoln
11. in the final purse event, over a
mile, and his mount ruled a 6 to 5 fa
vorite in the ring. Paul Griggs, the
gray horse, was the warm one, his odds
being forced down from 6 to 2 to 9 to 5.
Dorsey, who had the mount on the lat
ter, let slip no opportunity from the
Jump, and. riding the Johnson entry
hard all the way, got to the wire a
length in advance of the first choice.
Los Prietos was an indifferent third.
NOTES.
Judge Denny and Marplot will meet
again on Tuesday for a special purse
offered, the race to be under the same
conditions as governed yesterday's
event.
"Longshot" Conley failed to land a
winner. He was second, though, in the
first three eveßts decided.
Buena Ventura ran a great race, and
had it not been for the false break
away, would have been hard to beat.
Magdalenas, too, had speed to burn.
St. Calatine was evidently a trifle
short. ' She runs best out in front, at
that.
Now After Hearst.
Claus Spreckels, accompanied by Attor
ney Grove L. Johnson, appeared before
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1898.
READY TO LEAVE FOR THE KLONDIKE.
The Steamer National City Will Take Awag as Her Principal
Item of Freight 165 Dogs.
Judge Campbell yesterday and Bwore to
a complaint charging W. R. Hearst of
the Examiner with criminal libel in con
nection with the publication of the article
reflecting on him in the issue of the paper
of June 7 last. A. M. Lawrence, the man
aging editor, and Charles S. Aitken, have
been held to answer before the Superior
Court on the same charge.
Charge Dismissed.
The charge of receiving stolen goods,
preferred against Aaron and Hiram
Crocker, pawnbrokers, was dismissed by
Judge Joachimsen yesterday on the
ground that the evidence was Insufficient.
It was shown that as soon as the Crock
ers knew that the articles had been stolen
they notified the police, and there was a
doubt in the Judge's mind as to whether
they intended to deprive the owners of
their property. The articles were stolen
from a railroad car at Port Costa.
■ ■» «
Read Call History offer. Page 2. •
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
i ygn[N? J m.^^^?\ * re rou One °* Thos^"^^.^^aBted the Joys of
P^^^^P^»\ Vital Strength? /^{^ou^fi!! Find Relief in
/^^aJng!^y ''''' ir Or -. Sam3en ' 8 Ele^ri^jA ]t^ 8 Made - Thou
;|y r^^^^j^^^-'- -i? sands of Men Happy OTdStrf^y
\ VX^tliE§/ v"^l^l «"Eff^B WfP^ many ar^^uffering m'iscri^E for the want oC/a simple
\V*nK KlWiwrf iiiiiJlilflliA *«( "W.tdy \JFiiet -do not l»ve;.the^. simply exisL In/the
\\ X iM^^l '^^BliSli fa «|sj>£-tn*ousanda. con be r:ad the st\ry of a wastid life and
\ \ \f/ 1 lv*ta|^lhp^*"Jß nlil-^*^ 4 hopes ; joYs^ST"pleasurcB are unknown to^lmabi cause
\ \fj // //^^^|||,3 &~~® l^<)f the secrct>>ratM w^ich is sapping thiir vit^fifyr^Varifcocele,
CsS^l 1\ / /v^v^^wHw' % waptrSg 'drains, untatu^al losses, have>fexhau/ted I^aturc's Elec-
*^^-j?js)J yf ~^^^'W^fM///^^. tl FF l^ forces and lc»;- v thcni wrecks upo/ the ores of life. Many
—^rtgfcJ^> i) >i . fej" ll^ &§i&S&^ i ~ c s ongbt. in wtvgsj^d. parent ren^dies^nTTeUf^e their mental
£)rr j^. .v jivAvfiP ** "^St^ week, falselj^KKed up, untu^we^gffects th« drug wearing off
r <^» •*-" ' ■ like the momenlary bracing i*hist]\tDe^ysink "Yrin^krwer in
vitalityj^nd, . with Hope- exhausted, lose-(»fi&dence in themselves and thm/falUsw^OT&^vand-deci^a to abau*
d©n*'all^ZflFortB^p^*^cover "the-mltnJi^Bower^feeling that t lere is no h«ip fkyjdhim. MaVL ecptfot sacrifice
yonrselTT^JMs^eay; toiiHt^ing death wlile Nature holds^oui to you relief in the form ol
Electricity^thltvitaJUeiieaient of which by TlStof indiscre ion and excess you \iave deprird yourself, tear*
ing down faster than Nature cotlld rebuild. InThts "great — EleclriciW— there is life and happi-
ness for you. It restores lost power to the weak and indifferent, to those whose tense of pleasure has been
dulled i it builds up the weakened system, and by its vital zing,* stimulating [current makes the blood jump
through sluggish veins, increasing the circulation to every part, assisting Natufn to carry off the. impure
matter which clogs upnhe wheel* of Jifc^lf you. are we A and sick, don't deget d on doctors or drugs any
longer, but try '. ) [±
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT,
The prodncfof years of study, the realisation of the (pndest Vlreams^of the peak •*$ worn invalid, It is
nor a toy Belt, .but a powerful, life-giving Electric appliance, wßich is now. rrfcognizedNty the ; highest and
best in the medical profession as the only certain means of restoring power V 'cak nerves and vital organs.
The power of" Manhood is quickly restored" by it «nd unnatural 'losses corrected. Rbeumat£e^p£mMp«
quickly dispelled and all functions of the body developed and made strong. , iV^ends the pW wrtigafgkd-
sqme bound* through the veins, carrying health to the body and*- happiness to thY heart a^thVMc^pondent
•ufferer. j \ 3
Don't delay; try Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt at once. NoNmatter what! ail^c^^here is.a cure7or
yon la Nature's remedy— Electricity. The greatest cures on Tecordx have been .perfonnea^^th^sjamous
"Behind it is recognized to-day as the greatest remedial agent knowb to mankindJy' : It cares every ,fb^aol
weakness, restores the fire and vigor of youth, : cores all forms of Nervous Disease\Kidney^«nd Bladdei
Troubles, Rheumatism, S<|atica, Varicocelc, Lumbago and' many other coinplaints, afteVe^eryother\ known
of.medical treatment has failed. v <i^*-«. v^ > <i^_ rr^. ; .;-■
Act to-day in this matter, which is of sucu great fapW-CMce ta yW W?h»c < happiness.C Ptocnre
one of these famous Belts at-once. If you cannot call afUhe office, send fir th%-descrifctiye boole, "Three
Classes of Men," which gives full iuformaibtf and price-list Xt.is free, clo|eMss'aled from^>b«rvatioii, by
uiail Call or address \ v
TCFy^THnTyT ELECTRIC CO, '630 market, street
T"'"* ; rr^ "^rrrrr^y^ " ' X^ 1 " l^** / . ''-*■ m *-^'- L ' X *- y rrf- \~*.* f Opposite Palace Hotel.
„_ _ OFFICE HOURS— B a. m. to 8:30 p.m.- Sundays 10 to 1. ; : . , ,
.^^Mi I ?^?^^ p , ortla n<i.Oregon;2o4Southßroadway, Los AnBfelet ' '' 931 Sixteenth
Bireei, jjenver, col.; -2So- Main- street, Dallas, 'Texas.'' ■•:•. - / \~. ,■:■■-. . . . -. -- \ •
NARROW ESCAPE
OF THE WEEOTT
Her Smokestack Got Red
Hot and Set Fire to
the Woodwork.
More Tales of the Cruelty Prac
ticed on American Deep
Water Ships.
The Captain of the Tlllle E. Stsrbuck
Compelled to Pay Hie Men Off
at Honolulu..
The twenty-six passengers who left
here on the Weeott for Eureka had an
exciting experience of it on the way
up the coast. Coal happened to be
very scarce ' here prior to her de
parture, and the owner of the vessel
had to take whatever they could get.
The stuff which was put into the Wee
ott's bunkers was full of sulphur,
which not only burned out the fire
bars, but also made the smokestack
red hot and nearly set the ship on fire.
Men were kept on watch nearly all the
time throwing water on the woodwork
in order to prevent it from breaking
out Into flames. The captain's state
room and the social hall were uninhab
itable the greater part of the voyage,
and passengers had to remain In their
rooms or promenade the decks in con
sequence. The captain's cabin is just
forward of the smokestack, and the
woodwork of it was burned clear
through in some places. The social
hall Is just aft the smokestack, and
it was in an incipient stage of com
bustion almost from the start. Several
sections of the smoKestack were
burned completely out and had to be
replaced before the vessel could again
put to sea. The Weeott arrived from
Eureka yesterday, but on this occasion
the voyage was an uneventful one,
as a supply of good steaming coal had
been procured before leaving for San
Francisco.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
steamer Australia arrived from Hon
olulu yesterday with a very large car
go, principally sugar, but not many
cabin passengers. The crew were very
much disappointed when they heard
that the Zealandia was going on the
island run and that the Australia was
going to run from San Francisco to
Dyea and Skaguay. Purser Mc-
Combe and Dr. Soule are the only two
of the Australia's crew who will be
transferred to the Zealandia, All the
others will remain by the ship.
Among the steerage passengers on
the Australia was E. H. Latimer of the
American ship Tillie E. Starbuck. Dur
ing the voyage of the vessel from New
castle, Australia, to Honolulu, it is al
leged the first and second mates ill
treated the sailors. The men were
rope's ended without cause. Some of
them were knocked down and kicked,
and many of them had frequent intro
ductions to the belaying pin. When the
Starbuck reached Honolulu the men
laid the matter before the United
States Consul, and he held that the
men had been brutally treated. All
who wished were given permission
to draw their pay and quit the ship,
and in consequence nearly all the sail
ors left. Latimer, as soon as he got
his money, took ship for San Francis
co, and is on the lookout for another
vessel where he will get fewer kicks
and cuffs.
There seems to be an epidemic of
cruelty on the high seas on American
ships bound for Hawaii just now. Dur
ing the past month the United States
Consul has been appealed to in several
instances, and on each occasion he has
censured the captain and officers and
ordered them to pay the men off.
Steamboat men do not seem to know
a good thing when they possess it. At
the present time there are actually not
enough vessels to handle the promised
Klondike trade, and yet a rate war has
begun. Hitherto each passenger has
been allowed 150 pounds of baggage,
but the agents of the Humboldt are
now allowing each passenger 600
pounds. The agents of the Dirigo are
not to be beaten, and they also are
allowing each passenger 600 pounds of
baggage. Passengers by the National
City and Albion are only allowed 150
pounds cf l»i£gage.
The passenger accommodation on the
bark Rufus E. Wood, which will prob
ably be the first vessel to get away for
St. Michael, is rapidly filling up. A
party of eight fro-m Chicago secured
their accommodation yesterday, wiring
their passage money to the Alaska-Yu
kon Transportation Company. It will
be known as the Morrison party, and
will be composed of F. S. Morrison, M.
C. Anderson, A. J. Patch, M. L. Pot
ter, Fred Jackel, E. Wait, M. L. Eh
man and J. L. Talbot. They will ar
rive here the latter part of March, and
will purchase their outfits in San Fran
cisco.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. " , L;- r .-
>♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦+♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ +++++++
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
NOVELTIES IN DRESS GOODS
. . .SPRING 1898 .. .
FIRST OPENING OF NEW
WEAVES AND COLORINGS.
We are showing an exceptionally large assortment of
EARLY NOVELTIES direct from Europe, including :
SILK AND WOOL GRENADINES,
ZI BE LINE CAMELS-HAIR PLAIDS,
VENETIAN COVERTS, WHIPCORDS,
TWO-TONED HAIR-LINED GRANITES,
LIZARD CLOTH, ETC., ETC.
SPECIAL . . ...
25 pieces All-Wool Broken Check, Eflp
new colorings uUu Yard
835 pieces Imported Vigoureaux, all "7 En
wool, 8 different shadings I Ju Yard
20 pieces New Tailor Suiting, in aO| nfl
full line of colors, "Imported".. $IiUU Yard
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY
6E. Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts. (Union Square), San Francisco.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED AND CAREFULLY ATTENDED TO.
They Heal the Afflicted — The English
and German Expert Specialists,
731 Market Street.
• Established 25 years. Incorporated under the
laws of California for $250,000.
Every member of the staff is an expert phy-
sician — a physician : having many years' suc-
cessful experience. -
Among the diseases they cure are the follow-
ing: Kidney Diseases, Bladder Diseases, In-
somnia, Hysteria, Paralysis," Rickets, Scrofula,
Consumption, Liver Diseases, Diseases of Bow-
els, O\arian Diseases, Sciatica, Tumors, De-
formities, Spinal Diseases, Rupture, Asthma,
Bronchitis, Catarrh, Neuralgia, Heart Disease,
Dyspepsia, Eye and Ear Diseases, Skin Dis-
eases, Rheumatism, all Female Diseases, Nerv-
ous Diseases, La Grippe, Private Diseases, Lost
Manhood, etc.
CONSULTATION FREE.
Private book and symptom blanks for men
and women free at office or by mail.
Prices and terms within the reach of all. Cor-
respondence solicited; all letters confidential.
ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS
731 Market street.
Hours, 8-5: Evenings. 7-S; Sundays, 9-11.
PCfcleJbMtor's EatfUk IMaarad Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-<Jir?v Original and Only 6enn!ne. A
J~tt «vsi •*"• •!"•/• reliable, ladies uk jgV
E*Slssj(l&moi?l Brand CMcheiltri Snq:.uh r>ia/f\\
lf)*VgS*d/GQitiond Brand in H*d ud Ootd metallie\Vgr
Ta^ -—TmOTboiM. sealed with blue ribboo. Take VST
I*7 9^ *Vi". 0 Oth«V. Refute dangerous rubttitv V
I/ -' fjf lions and imitation*. At Druggist!, or Kud4a,
I W JJf in itanpe for partlenlara, testimonial.'-, and
\ •*• B " Relief for Ladle*," in letter, br r-tnni
-V if Mall. 10,000 Testimonials. Kmmn .'aver,
-,/*-*"/ Cklehc»t«r Chemical Oo.,M«dl»o«Hi««*«,
mi kraU Local Draw-let*. VUU.KP A., JPjkT
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY' CO.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot ok' Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m. 12:35,
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.;
12:45. 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. : 1:40, 1:40,
5:00. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. ■
Leave T #>frm>t Arrive
San Frauclsco. (>"« San Pranclsca
Week I Sun- Twtln^tlon Sun ! Week
Days. I 'days. 1 Destination days^l^daya.
7:30 a.m. 8:00 a.m. 'Novato, 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
8:80 p.m. 9:30 a.m. Petaluma, 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
6:10 p.m. s :oUp.m. Santa Rosa. 7 :36p.m. 1 (i :22p.m.
Pulton. ■ ~~
7:Soa.ua. •, Windsor, 10:25 a.m.
Hefildsburjr,
Lytton. »
I GeyaerviUe,
8:80 p.m. 8:00 a.m. ! Cloverdala | 7:Ssp.m. «:22p.m.
" j I Hoplaud and I . . ... ■
7;80a.m.|8-00a.m.| Uklah. ( 7:35 p.m. :33p.m.
7:80 a.m. ~ ~ ] : 10:25 a.m.
8:00 a.m. Ghiernevllle. | 7:85 p.m.
1:80 p.m. ■■-■■• I 6j22p.m.
7Joa.ni. 8:00 a.m. Sonoma' 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
and
6:10p.m.|5:00p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m .'
7 :80 a.m. 8 :00 a.m.) sebastcnoL 1 10:40 a.m. 110:25 a.m.
8:30 p.m. o :00p.m. ! BeDaatcpoL ; 7:35 p.m.; 7 :22 p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs- at
Cloverdale _f or the Geysers; at Hopland ' for
Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Soda Bay
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs: at fklah for
Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes.
Laurel Dell Lake Upper Lake, Porno, ; Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Bo'onville
Orrs Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort
Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates *•»">*■
Ticket Offices— 6so Market street, ChrontcL
building.
AW. FOSTER, R. x. RYAN
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Xgt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.*
From San Francisco, Commencing September
• . ■ . ■ ' . 19, *89 * • ■. " i i .' ;
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »7:2s • •9-20 ;
11:30 a. m.; '1:45. 3:45. •5:15. J 6:00, 6:30 .'p^'S:
E^- r^ tr i ps for : San Rafael on Mondays.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11 30 d m
SUNDAYS. •-.-- ' " *
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— ■. »10 00
•11:30 a. m.; «1:15, 3:00. *4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
_ „ THROUGH TRAINS.
7:25 a. in. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
Duncan Mills and way • stations; ■> 8:00 .a. m.
.:■ Sundays for Point Reyes and way. stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
_ ■ (Via: Sausalito Ferry). : !""
Leave San Francisco, commencing : Novem-
ber 13, 1897:
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo,> 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from ■ Mill . Valley. $1. ■- -. --
THOS. COOK; A :- SON, g AgenU, % <21 Market
street, San Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
COITIIIKM I*A«JIFI«J COJIPAXT.
(PACIFIO SYSTEM.)
Tralna I*»t« «ml »i-e> <tm- to »rrlf» at
NAN rUA.\«:i.N««». .
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.) l
leave — From January L 1858. — ABiura
•6:OoT\~Nnes, San Jose and Way Stations... •»:45\
7:00 a. )>i i.icia, Snißun and Sacramento .... 1 0:13*
7:«Oa MaryEvilie, Orovilloaud ReddiDg Tia
Woodland 5x45p
7:OOa VacaTille and Rumsey 8»45r
7:3«» a Martinez, SanHamon.Vallejo. Napa,
Cali3toga and Santa Rosa Bil
SiOOa Atlantic Kxi)re«a, Ogilen and East.. Bi4Sp
' «f!IOA Niks, Sau Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento. Marysville, Chioo,
Tohama and Re<l TtlufT 4«lfl?
•8:30 a Petors, Milton and Oakdale *7ilSr
SiOOa New Orleans Riftreca, Merced, Ray.
mond. Fresno, liakerslioM. Santa
Ksirliara, Urn Angeles, Iteming,
F.I l'aso, New Orleans and East. *t43p
9:4M>a Vallejo, Martinez. Merced and
Fresno.. 18:13p
•l:OOp Sacramento Kiver St«ani«ra *O:OOr
l:OOp Jfiles, San Jcse and Way Stations.. 19:10 a,
Is3op Martinez andWfcy Stations 7:4 ft?
8:00 LiTermore, Mendota, Uanford and
VUaliiv 4:157
Livenuoie, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations J10:15\
4:6<»r Martinez, San Ilanion, Vnllejo,
Nai>a, Calistuga, Xl Ver.Mio and
Kanta Kosa »il»»
• •••p Bcaicia, VacaTille, Woo ill and,
. Kniglit3 Landing, Mary3Tille, Oro-
Tillo and Sacrnutcnto 1 0:45 a
4iB9p Nilea, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7tinp
4:3«p Latbrop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
Fresno, MojaTe (for lianclsburg),
Santa ISarbani and dan Aii;tlt3.. 7i43a
4:»Op .Santa Fo l.'riite. Atlantic Express
forMojavo ami Mast. Ci43p
?5:30p " Sunset Limited.'" Los Angelert, 21
l'aso, Fort Worth, Little Rock. St.
Louis, Chicago ami East §10:1.1 a
ITB:3wf " Sunset Limited Annex," £1 Paso,
Mew Orleans and East |IO:ISa
«:OOp Kuropeau Mail, O K J,.ii and Kast.... 9:43 a
S:<M»i- finywHriN, Mi.-hiunl Han Jose. 7:4.1\
J»:««i- Vallejo t7:4»p
6iOOp Oregon Kxi>ieHS,Bi>criimeuto, Marys*
' vill«. Ke.i.li-ifc-, I'ortlaiKl, l'M et
Soiiinl ami l.nsl M»a
NAN UUXf»KO AMI SS A VUAI.'US LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
< # 6iooal ( TlTiiA
8:0Oa Belrose, Seminary Park, 1»9:4.1a
iSJoSa F«W. ur ,Elr a hun,t,' SVHS*
.11:00* San Lean dro, South Sa& 12:1.%r
" ! °.°. ! L*a n dro,Kstudill9, ' |J:|^
ibVoop Lorenzo. Cherry 4 «4:45p
4:00p ' , , «5:43p
8:OOp » n<l i 0:13p
5«30p ITarwardn. ! 7:43p
7:»Op ■ ' . «:*r, v
8.-00P <"RnnsthronghtoNne«. ' _» : '* !lp
ttiil?SpJ From Niles 10j30p
tfltilSp^ IJromjl " eg - »t!2:00p
COAST I»IV1>!ON (Narrow tungc).
Foot of Market Street. ) "
■ill»A Newark, CcntervilUvSmi.loHe.Felton, .
ISoulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations •«••!>
•>tlSp Newark, CenterTille, San Jose, New
ASmailen, Fulton, HouUlcr Creek, ...
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
5tati0n5......... . .•l«irj»»
4:1.>- Newark, Han Jose and Los Gatos . . . 9:90 a
tll>4sp Hunters' Excursion, Sao Jose and
Way Stations f7:»Op
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIS r&aNCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip —
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. Jl:03 *2:CO 18:00
•1:00 15:00 •6:00r.M.
from OAKUND— Footer Broadway.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
_ 1 12:00 «l:00 t3:00 «3:00 ti:QQ «B:OaP.M.
~ COAST VISION i Uroad Usage). "
___^ (Third and Townsend StB.)
«i«sa .San Jose ami "Way Stations (New
Alinadcn Wednesdays only) CiSSa
9:«0a Han .log", Tre.t l'liios, Santa Cruz, . • -j. v
racillc (iri)Te. l'aso Itybles, San
l.ula Oldapo, Cuadalui>e. Surf and
rih'ci[ial Way Stations 4:15p
1O:4Oa Sau .lnaeaild Way .Stations •8:OOa.
11:3Oa San J"EO anil Way .Stations 8:33 a
•2:3« - Sau Mateo, Redwood, Meulo Park,
'■'"■ ■■;'■■'•-.'. Santa Clara, San Jose, Gilroy, *-\; !
. llollister, Santa Cruz, . Salinas,
Monterey ami racllic Gtoto '10:40* .
•»:1 5p San Jose and Principal Way Stations *9:00 a
•4:I5l- San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9:45 a
•5«l»Op San Jose and Principal Way Stations liSOp
.">:;K)[- Kan .1 use ami Principal Way Stations 5:30p
6::«OrSan Jose au<l Way Stations 7:20p
j11:45p San Jose ami Way Stations..-. ?:20p
■■ A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•Bui«laTseiceptecl. t Sundays only, t Saturdays only.
tf Monday, Thursday and Saturday night* only.
"*I Mondays and Thursdays.
I Wednesdays and Saturdays. .
fi^JUMOuEjill CALIFORNIA
1^111.^! LIM - ED -
|! SAN FRANCISCO
li^.7™gj§ll CHICAGO.
• Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers
3% days to Chicago. 4& days . to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m.. carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast time. Direct connection in Chicago and .
Kansas City for all Eastern points. °
, Vfains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office. 644 Market
street, Chronicle building, Telephone. Main
1620. Oakland office, : 1118 Broadway. - Sacra-
mento lice, 201 J street. San Jose. 7 West
Santa Clara street.
TBE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10. UN, trains will run <•*
■ follows: . -.;. • ~T **"
.~ Southbound. Northbound — '
V^\ psy S««ani|:^ 1^
Dally. I Exc'ptdj— -----jExcp-^ dlii 7 . •
7:30 a.m. 9:00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 5-40 nm~
9:10 a.m. r.':JU p.m. Morcod 12 50 Dm s-K™
11:40 a.m. 5:20 p.m. Hanfonl :45 a.m • ' liS
12:15 p.m. e:4sp.m. Visalia 1640 a m 12 : 40 ni^
I Stopping at Intermediaterjo Intawhen requfr^
\ r C^.Hctions-At Stnokton with UamV. a t.s of
Stockton It C °p. - leaVi 5 S ,; San Francisco and
btockton at 6 p. : m. daily; at ? Merced - with
also with stage for Hornitos. Mariposa = eto :
at Lankershim with stage to and I ro.^ atader^THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
First Baptist, Jones and Eddy.
Rev. E. A. Wood 
Evening— Lincoln Memorial Services; "The
Life and Character of Abraham Lincoln."
Special music.
Erimanuel Baptist, Bartlett, near
-.hird.
Rev. J. George Gibson
Morning— "Justified by His Grace." Even-
Ing— "Every Heart Knows Its Own Bit-
terness."
ritholle
Front.
Sailors'
Vnlon,
Mission,
Paulist Fathers ....
Evening— "The Parable of the Loaves and
Fishes."
Holy Cross, Scott and Eddy.
Father McGlnty
Morning— Gospel of the Day. Evening— Ben-
ediction.
Our Lady of Guafialupe, Broadway,
Mason.
Spanish Fathers
Morning— "God's Power is Shown Forth
In Creation." Evening— Benediction.
Fathers
St. Boniface, Golden Gate and Jones.
Franciscan Fathers
Morning— "The Goodness of God." Evening
—Benediction.
St. Brigid'B, Broadway and Van Ness.
Father Cottle
Morning— High Mass and Epistle. Evening
— Benediction and Vespers.
St. Charles', Eighteenth and Shot-well.
Father Cumminga
Morning— Epistle and Gospel.
Benediction.
Evening-
St. Dominic's, Stelner and Bush.
Dominican Fathers
Morning— Gospel and Epistle: High Maas.
Evening— Rosary and Benediction.
St. Francis, Vallejo and Montgomery aye.
Father Carraher
;— Gospel for Sexagesima Sunday.
St. Ignatius, Van Ness and Hayes.
Jesuit Fathers
Morning— Father Rardl will preach on the
Gospel of the Day. Evening— Benediction;
sermon by Father Butler.
St. Joseph's, Tenth and Howard.
Father Scanlan
Morning— High Mass: sermon on the Gospel
of the Day. Evening— Rosary and Bene-
diction.
*'.•;-- .— -■ -.-■ •-.' -^ •-,■ -: . ,■:■,
St. Mary's, California and Dupont.
Paullst Fathers
Morning— "OrvVs Power." Evening— Ro-
sary, Vespers and Benediction.
St. Patrick's. Third and Mission.
Father Kana
Morning— "Christ Our Savior."
Benediction.
Evening —
St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness and
rell.
Rev. Father Prendergast
Rev. Father Ramm
Morning— Gospel of the Day.
Benediction.
Evening—
First Christian, Twelfth, near Mission.
Rev. F. S. Ford
Morning— "Following Jesus." Evening— Chi-
na and the Nations of the World."
West Side Christian, Bush, near Scott.
Rev. W. A. Gardner
Morning— "Nothing but Lea\-es." Evening
—"Christianity as a Business Enterprise."
Christian Institute. 753 Market.
Rev. J. W. Webb
Evening— Revival services.
First Congregational, Post and Mason.
Rev.
Morning — "Gentleness and Greatness "
Evening— "A Decisive Victory."
Bethlehem Congregational, Vermont
Twenty-fourth.
Rev. William Tubbs
Morning— "The Leading of the Holy Ghost
In Peace." Jude, 20th to 21st verse. Even-
ing— "And There Shall Be No Night
There."
Bethany CongreeationaL
Twenty-fifth.
Bartlett.
Rev. W. C. Pond
Morning— "Christ's Carte Blanche to His
Friends." Evening— "Matthew, the Pub-
lican Apostle: A Business Man's Re-
sponse to Christ."
i '11 vet
Noe.
Congregational,
Seventeenth
Rev. H. T. Shepard
Morning— "The Sixth Commandment."
Evening— "Old Garments."
Park Congregational. Hayes, between
end Central avenue.
Rev. J. B. Orr
2:30 p. m.— Laying of the corner stone of
the new church. Address by George. C.
Adams. D.D.. on "The Significance of the
Corner Stone." Also an address by Rev.
William Rader on "What Congregational-
Ism Stands For."
Plymouth Congregational, Post, near
ster.
Rev. F. B. Cherrington
Morning — "Faith." Evening — "Abraham
Lincoln." A special invitation to all G.
A. R. comrades, women of Relief Corps,
Sons and Daughters of Veterans.
Richmond Congregational, Seventh
and Clement.
Rev. P. Coombe „
Morning— "Apprehending That Which We
Have Been Apprehended by Christ Jesus."
Evening — "A Heaven Sent Message to
Parents and Children." (Repeated by Re-
quest).
Third Congregational, Fifteenth and
slon.
Rev. William Rader
Morning — "Our City and Its Greater Prob-
lems." Evening— "Abraham Lincoln."
Presidio Chapel, Government Reservation.
Rev. D. O. Kelly ...
lornlng— "A Lesson From the Pnrabla of
the Sower."
Luke's, Van Ness and Clay.
Rev. W. H. Morel and
rornlng— "The Church During the Revolu-
tionary War." Evening — "Plain Marks
of the True Church."
St. Paul's, California, near Stelner.
Rer. W. M. Retlley „
Mnrnlne— "Parable of the Rower." Even-
Ing — Bishop Nichols will preach and ad-
minister the 9«crament of Confirmation to
a class.
Trinity Episcopal. Bush and Goagh.
Rev. Dr. Cooks
Morning— lnitial service of the new pastor.
First English Lutheran, Geary, near Gough.
Rev. E. Nelander
Morning— "Tearful Sowing: Olad Reaping."
i Evening — "The Birth of Protestation."
Bethel African M. E.. Powell, near
son.
Rev. W. B. Anderson
Morning— "Christian Enterprise."
— "The Trinities."
Evening
California-street
Broderick.
M.
E..
California
Rev. J. W. Phelps
Morning — "Abraham Lincoln, the Providen-
tial Man." Evening — Grand sacred con-
cert.
Central Methodist, Mission, near Sixth.
Rev. C. E. Locke ..
i Morning— "Songs in the Night." Evening—
i "Was Abraham Lincoln a Christian?"
Church, Church and Twenty-sixth, i
Rev. W. M. Woodward
7 a. m— Sunrise prayer meeting; a place of
j refreshing from the presence of the Lord.
Evening— Praise sprvice.
Fifteenth-avenue M. E-, Fifteenth
south and P street.
Rev. H. Pearc*
[ornir.g— Preaching by Mr. Inkster. Even-
ing—Rev. A. Anderson will occupy the
pulpit.
.
Methodist. Washington and Powell.
Rev. W. B. Urmy
10 a. n
worth
Ing.
Orace M. E., Capp and Twenty- first.
Rev. J. N. Beard
Morning— "The Motive Power of the I^ove
of Christ," preached by Rev. H. Pearce.
Evening— "The Call of the Master for En-
richment," by came speaker as In the
morning.
M. E., -Howard, near
Rev. J. A- B. Wilson
Morning— Rev. W. M. Woodward will oc-
cupy the pulpit. Evening— Rev. D. XV.
Chllson, pastor of the Potrero church, will
occupy the pulpit.
Potrero,
Rev. D. W. Chilson
Morning— Sunday school. Evening— Preach-
ing by Rev. M. V. Donaldson.
Richmond Church, Fifteenth avenue, neai
Port Lobos.
ReY. A.
p. m. — Sunday school for old and young.
7:30 p. m.— Services by Miss Ida Benson.
Trinity M. E., Sixteenth, Market and Noe.-
Ray. H. W. Peck
Morning— Preaching by the pastor.
Ing— Song service.
Even-
Ca!vary Presbyterian, Geary and Powell.
Rev. J. Hemphill
Evening— "Purposeless People," and musi-
cal service.
Flr?t Presbyterian, Van Ness and
rr.ento.
Rev. R. Mackenzie
Morning— Sermon by the parftor on "Abra-
ham Lincoln." Evening— Sermon by Mr.
Jenks.
ward Presbyterian, Oak and Baker.
Rev. F. R.
Morning— "Confidence." Evening— "A
Task."
Memorial Presbyterian,
Railroad avenues.
Eighteenth
Rev. H. N. Bevler
Morning— "The New Hope." Evening— "C.
E. Rally."
Trinity
Capp.
Presbyterian,
Twenty-third
Hay. A. N. Carson
Morning— "How God Honors Insignificant
Means." Evening— "Unconscious Tokens
of Perdition."
Slmps'in Memorial,
Rev. J. Stephen*
Morning— Musical service. Evening — Lin-
coln memorial service. Special patriotic
> music.
Westminster Presbyterian,
Page.
Webstei
and
Rev. B. B. Cryor
Morning— "The Ark In the House." Even-
Ing— "Pergamos, the City of the Corrupt
Church."
.
First Unitarian. Geary and Franklin.
Rev. H. Stebbins ..-
Morning— All cordially Invited.
Second Unitarian, Twentieth and Capp.
Rev. A. J. Wells
Morning— Rev. X. A. Haskell of San Jose
will preach on "The Ethics of Eternity."
Evening — "A Beautiful Soul."
Church of Christ, 421 Post.
Promoters
Morning— "Only Creed."
tual Edification."
Evening — "Mv-
Ffrst Church of Christ, Scientist, 223 Butter.
The Bible and Science and Health with
Key to the Scriptures
Evening— "True Fasting."
Reorganized Church of Christ. 97 Market.
C. A. Parkin
Morning— "Sin."
Evening— "Jesus Christ."
Salvation Army, 1139 Market.
James Keppell
Morning and
coming of <
i rat lon for the
Volunteers of America, 769 Market.
Lieutenant Rogers
Mornlnsr and Evening— Song service and
mission work.
T. M. C. A., Mason and Ellis.
Rev. D. James ,
p. m.— Lecture for men only, "The En-
thusiasm of Youth."
T. W. C. A., 1221 O'Farrell.
Christian Workers
3 p. m.— Lecture for young women.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
oo oo 000000000 ooooooooobooo
w»»»»»a»0«i5»a0»«»»»»»oo»io(»»»a» »:»»»«»
ijo \ \ \ I a/ */ 1 1 a Hi r^ °°
1 [::^K^r DENTAL CO 1
°« L\' t?v\ -«\ OUR; PRICES THE lowest. % < i
Q S *" /FA \ Yu^ ouR WORK THE BEST. o§
•^d %$3 r LET US PROVE THIS TO YOU. 6«
°& ALL WORK PAINLESS AND WARRANTED TO STAND. O<s
Qfi ■ — — — ' O«
_,w, w £• AtcADDPI I CTDFFT COR. GRANT AVENUE ~ W
©0 o O'FARRELL oIKCDI, and market. 00
00 PHONE-RED 1156. OO
0000000000000000000000000^0^00000000000
0000000000000 000 0000000000000000000 ;
THE SA^ FR AX CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1898.
WANT A CEMETERY MOVED.
Richmdnd District Club Will Petition
the Board of Supervisors on
Monday.
Next Monday afternoon at the meet-
Ing of the Board of Supervisors the Rich
mond District Club will present a strong
petition at the instigation of President
Forsyth asking that the board will give
orders that hereafter no burials shall be
made in the City Cemetery.
The Board of Health will support the
petition, and it is probable from inform
ation given by various members of the
Board of Supervisors that they will act
promptly on the matter in a manner fav
orable to the members of the improve
ment club. For months past resolution
after resolution has been acted upon by
the members of the club in the Richmond
district, but up to the present time no
conclusion as to what to do with the
knotty problem has presented itself. At
the last meeting of the club, however, the
members agreed that the matter should
be placed before the board and they are
now confident that body will act in a
favorable May.
PEOPLE WILL WIN
OVER SPRING VALLEY
Six Supervisors Declare They
Are Against Any Increase
in the Water Rates
i _
The Other Six Waiting for More "Testi=
mony" and Unwilling to Say How
They Will Vote.
There seems every reason for believ- |
ing that the people of San Francisco i
will win in their effort to resist the an- j
nual assault of the Spring Valley Wa- j
ter Company. The corporation, as
usual, desires an increase of the rates.
It would exact from consumers enough j
to make its gains more than 5 per cent .
on the Investment, and 5 per cent is !
considered all that can justly be de
manded. In fact, consumers here pay i
more than asked in other places. For j
a time it was feared that the company
had won, or otherwise secured, the sup
port of a majority of the Supervisors,
but it has not. Six of the twelve de
clare that there shall be no increase,
while the views of the Mayor are well
understood. So, unless Spring Valley's
representatives have cards up their
sleeves, their fight is lost. It is true
that some Supervisors are still waiting !
for something they designate as "testi- j
mony," but the other six make their j
declarations against an Increase, and
do not leave themselves an opportunity ;
to change to the side of the monopoly. '
While Spring Valley is begging for
the privilege of getting more money
from consumers a natural interest is
being taken in the attitude of the vari
ous Supervisors. As a matter of fact
the gentlemen who have the power to
fix rates know the situation thorough
ly. Their minds are already made up.
If the Spring Valley Company wishes
to put up an expensive building, in it- {
self a source of revenue, and have cus
tomers pay for it, the Supervisors can
see through the scheme, and no amount
of talk, however smooth, can change
their views. If stockholders are desir
ous of making more than 5 per cent on |
an investment very little argument is
required to establish their right to do
so, or the reasons why they should not
be permitted to do so. Hence when !
Supervisors declare they are waiting |
for more testimony people will wonder I
if it is the same sort of testimony they j
were looking for when they failed for
so many months to find a fender to
which they could lend or upon which
they could otherwise bestow their ap
proval. It is remembered that last
year dire threats were made of things ;
which were to happen if rates were re- I
duced. It is also remembered that I
rates were reduced and that the dire
ful happenings have yet to put in an
appearance. The word of the company
was not made good then. Possibly it j
will not be made pood this time. An
opinion prevails that some of the Su- !
pervisors are unduly alarmed, or try
to think they are scared, when they
are not. It is interesting to note what
the Supervisors say, and easy to judge |
from it where they stand. Here are a
few excerpts from recent interviews:
Supervisor Rivers — I will be en
tirely guided by the testimony and
the facts adduced before the board.
Whence is the testimony to come?
Who Is to stand sponsor for the
facts?
Supervisor Sheehan — I intend to
live up to the pledge taken and I will
be governed a good deal by the rep
resentations offered us during the in
quiry.
Did Sheehan live up to his pledge
last year? Also there is a curiosity as
to the character of the representation
STREET WORKERS
TO BE LAID OFF
Result of a Threatened Reduc
tion of Ambrose's Ap
propriation.
He Says He Will Be Obliged to Aban
don Projects for Needed
Repairs.
Supprlntondcnt of Streets Ambrose Is
about to discharge the entire force now
at work on the streets and sewers, owing
to the action of the Board of Supervisors.
Mr. Ambrose states his position as fol
lows:
"The board has declared its intention to
use up the greater portion of my uppro
prlation in the paving of various streets
that could well be held over until the
next fiscal year. In spite of my protesta
tions they are about to let contracts that
will aggregate the sum of $25o,<Mp. They
are as follows: For paving with bitu
minous rock the city's portion of Oak and
Stanyan streets, $25,000; improving Alamo
Square, $13,000; repaying Market street,
$25,000; repaying cobbled streets, $38,000;
city's portion of Sunset district sewer,
$15,000; for street sweeping, $135,000. To
tal, $250,000.
"While I am In hearty accord with the
Supervisors as to the necessity, of per
forming the above mentioned work i be
lieve in first doing work on downtown
streets and sewers thut is an absolute
need. Streets that have long been neg
lected in the business portion of the city
where heavy hauling is constantly going
on is in many place* in wretched condi
tion and needs immediate attention.
"The sewers of the lower portion of the
city, also long neglected, are choked and
in need of immediate relief. For the past
four months night watches have been
working to get these into some kind of
shape.
In fact, the situation at present in the
lower portion of town is such that should
a heavy storm come on the result would
be the flooding of all of the cellars In the
wholesale districts. With the backing of
the tides and the excessive drain of storm
water it would be impossible for the
water to run off. Year after year the cel
lars of the lower portion of town have
suffered from the overflowing sewers, and
it is to- remedy this evil that 1 am striving
no hard, but the cutting off of this appro
priation in the manner contemplated by
the Board of Supervisors will so cripple
my department that the work must be
abandoned, and great damage will result.
"I have warned the Supervisors of the
situation and requested that these pro
posed improvements go over until after
July, and with the money now allowed my
department I would be able to fix the
streets and sewers of the business portion
of the town. Complaints are constantly
coming to my department, and I want
the blame for any damage done to rest
where it belongs— with the Board of Su
pervisors."
A list of the sewers in need of repairs
and their condition shows that many,
particularly along the water front, are
almost In a state of collapse, In the
which would serve as a guide to
Sheehan.
Supervisor Delany — I will be in a
better position to judge . . . when
the company has had an opportunity
to be heard.
In other words, the distinguished
captain is on the fence, and by a little
adroitness the company may knock
him off on the side where he will do it
the most good.
Supervisor Haskins — I decline to
express an opinion.
Why?
Supervisor Devany — It would be
too soon to ask me how I should act
in the matter.
There Is not much to say here
either. Once more the one word
"Why" seems to cover the case.
Supervisor Britt — I will be gov
erned by the circumstances as they
are presented before me.
And the presentation will be attend
ed to by emissaries of Spring Valley.
Britt has the reputation of recogniz
ing the side of his bread which has
butter.
But there are Supervisors who do
not seem undecided. Spring Valley
does not hold them in the hollow of its
hand, if the figure is pardonable. They
are not waiting to be convinced, but,
having the power of thought, are not
afraid to state the conclusions they
have reached. Excerpts from what
they have said are of a different tone
from the quotations above. Some of
these follow:
Supervisor Smith — I am opposed
to any increase in existing rates.
Mr. Smith has been detained from
business by serious illness in his fam
ily, and extended views could hardly
be expected from him.
Supervisor Morton — Under no
circumstances will I vote for an in
crease of rates.
Evidently the necessity of •waiting
for "testimony" has not struck Mr.
Morton.
Supervisor Dodge — I stand as I
did one year ago when the question
was before us.
Yet Mr. Dodge has Just as much in
formation in the matter as the other
members who are praying for it.
Supervisor Rottanzi — I will favor
the same rates as I did last year.
What? And Spring Valley with that
elegant new building to pay for?
Surely the doctor grows hard
hearted.
Supervisor Clinton — I will cer
tainly not vote to increase the rates.
Here is a chance for Spring Valley
to undertake some missionary work;
but the field Is not promising.
Supervisor Lackmann — I am in fa
vor of a reduction.
Now, can Spring Valley look upon
this as anything short of treason?
While it begs for more Mr. Lackmann
advocates giving it less, and he is
not waiting for its instructions and
does not look to its representatives
for counsel. Lackmann is in immi
nent danger of acquiring popularity.
But if he goes on in this way Spring
Valley will never regard him as a
proper man to have a voice in the
management of public affairs.
residence portions of the city, too, repairs
are badly needed.
Go to O'Brien & Sons for modern style,
high-grade surreys, phaetons and buggies
at low prices. Corner Golden Gate ave
nue and Polk street. •
To Visit the President.
Mrs. George E. • Morse and daughter
will leave for Washington this morning
to pay a visit to her uncle, President Mc-
Kinley. They will before going to Wash
ington spend a few days at the old home
in Canton,- Ohio, and will remain about
two months in Washington.
' . » » « —
: Read Call History offer. Page 2. :>•-?•'
. *■ . ♦ .—:. —: —
: Detective Sprague Takes Hold.
' Fred A. Sprague, ex-Sheriff of Butte
County, assumed the duties of the office
of Secret Service Agent of the Treasury
Department last Friday, vice Nicholas R.
Harris, removed. Mr. Harris denies that
he was removed because his work was
unsatisfactory to the department, and
says that he was relieved of duty, because
he is a Democrat and.the position is not
under ; the civil . service rules. , v _'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THT/iIASKrirND KOTZEBUE
SOUND MINING AND
TRANSPORTATION COMPANY
Will dispatch the fast sailing Al clipper bark,
CATHERINE SUDDEN,
Under command of Capt. Fred Green, the well-
known Arctic ■ whaler,
On or About May 10,1898,
DIRECT TO
KOTZEBUE
SOUND!
FARE, including meals while on conn
passage and 10 (lays after arrival, OZUU
Accommodation™ 160 PASSENGERS.
The company will furnish a large . and ' com-
modious house. -to be erected as - soon ras
landed, for the • accommodation of passengers
and their freight until they can establish them-
selves A small steamer will be taken to tow
boats up the rivers. ■; This vessel will remain at
Kotzebue 60 days, so that anyone wishing to
return can do so free of charge. ; Passengers
' must ; furnish their own . provisions on return
passage. ..■■■■■■-. : ■-• '-' ■'■:■- ' : ', : - '■•-->>. : ' '■ -'^.
■ 3000 pounds freight or • baggage : allowed each
person. ■: Passengers," with their freight or bag-
gage, will ■be taken 200 miles . up ; the rivers to ■
gold fields In ship's boats free of charge. ■ >'
Gold ' fields only four days' < boating from
ship's landing, only one day's towing. ,■
Address all communications to
C. DICKEY, Agent,
34 California Street, San Francisco.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
EMILE ZOL/L
The Weil-Known French Writer.
Yin Mariani — The Elixir of Life, which
combats human debility, the one real cause
of every ill— a veritable scientific fountain of
youth, which, in giving vigor, health and
energy, would create an entirely new and
superior race. EMILE ZOLA.
NEVER HAS ANYTHING BEEN SO HIGHLY AND SO JUSTLY PRAISED AS
MARIANI WINE, the FAMOUS FRENCH TONIC for Body, Nerves and Brain
'fob overworked men, delicate women, sickly children.
Yin Mariani is indorsed by the medical faculty all over the world,
It is specially recommended for Nervous Troubles, Throat and Lung
Diseases, Dyspepsia, Consumption, General Debility, Malaria, Wasting
Diseases and La Grippe.
Sold at All Druggists. Refuse Substitutions.
YIN MARIANI GIVES STRENGTH.
SPECIAL OFFER— To all who write, mentioning the San Francisco
Call, we send a book containing portraits and indorsements of EM-
FERORS, EMPRESS, PRINCES, CARDINALS, ARCHBISHOPS and other
distinguished personages.
MARIANI & CO., 52 WEST 15th STREET, NEW YORK.
Paris— 4l Boulevard Haussmann; London— B3 M ortlmer Street; Montreal— 2B-30 Hospital St.
An Instrument of Torture.
Is a truss made on the plan of the above, with
a heavy steel or iron band, as you well know
if you have been In the habit of wearing one.
Throw it away.
Why will you continue wearing such an In-
strument of torture when we can furnish you
a most efficient truss without any iron hoops
or steel springs about it,, and one which may
be worn with ease, and comfort .NIGHT and
D As for CURES, "DR. PIERCE 1 S PATENT
As for CURES, "DR. PIERCE 1 S PATENT
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS" has accom-
plished THOUSANDS! It M an ELECTRIC
truss; the only genuine and successful one ever
invented and has been sold /or the past
TWENTY-TWO years. If ruptured it will pay
you to Investigate at once. Consultation free.
Trusses fitted without extra charge. Call, or
send 2c in stamps for our New Book on Rup-
ture. This book also • describes our New Ap-
pliances for Piles, Varicose Veins, etc. Ad-
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS COMPANY,
704 Sacramento st., cor. Kearny, San Francisco.
lIC ACCESS & HEAD NOISES CURED
■IP lIP instantly. Our IN VISIBLE TUBE Cushions
■■■■■ help when all else falls, as glasses help eyes.
Belf-adjusttr.c No Pain. Whispers heard. Send to CDCC
K. lllwoxl*., »53 ifwu.r, S.Y., for Book and Proofs iMCC
Say the main thing to do is to keep the stomach, liver and 'bowels In
order if you want to live long and keep well. Good physicians say
the same thing, too. The remedy called
RIPANS TABULES
while not mysterious or miraculous in its curative qualities, is a simple
formula prescribed by the best physicians for disorders of the digestivo
organs. Just little tablets, easy to take, easy to buy and quick to act. If
your trouble is Dyspepsia, Biliousness. Dizziness, Headache, Constipation
Heartburn, and the like, no need of calling a physician. Ripaus TabuleS
contain exactly what he would tell you to take.
ONE TABtLE GIVES RELIEF.
FERMAOTNT CURE FOLLOWS A FAIR TRIAL. KO UNCERTAINTY ABOTJT IT.
UNITED STATES
LAUNDRY,
/ OFFICE,
1004 Market St.,
I Sear Powell.
Telephone, South 420,
a DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
Five hundred reward for any case
* - c cannot cure. This secret remedy
stops all losses in 24 hours, cures
Emissions, Impoteney, Varicocele,
Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Strictures,
Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed $2 bottle: 3 bottles, $5; guar
anteedtocure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 856 Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Also
for Bale at 1073% Market St.. S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
"DT>TTGTJI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DriU JllLlJ ers - bootblacks, bath-
■^ "■ w ** houses, bllllard-tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers, SacramentoSt«
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco j
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open j
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock,
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open |
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1503 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets ; open until 9 o'clock.
CHI'KCH NOTICES.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist, Central
block, 223 Sutter St., between Kearny st. and
Grant aye.— Christian Science Bible lessons
at 11 a. m. ; subject, "True Fasting." Sun-
day-school tor children at the same hour.
"Science and Health" . study Thursday at 8
p. m. All are welcome.
FIRST Congregational Church, cor. Post and
Mason sts.— Rev. George C. Adams, D.D.,
pastor, will preach morning and evening.
Morning service at o'clock; theme, "Gentle-
ness and Greatness." Evening service at 7:30,
theme, "A Decisive Victory." The pastor's
Bible class and Sunday-school at 12:46 p. m. ■
Y. P. S. C E. at •o0 p. m. Samuel D. May-
er, organist and choir master.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post st,
near Webster — Services to-day at 11 a. m. |
and 7:30 p. in. Sunday-school at 8:30 a. m. ,
Rev. F. B. Cherington, D.D.. pastor, will
preach morning and evening; morning sub-
ject "Faith, " first in a series on the graces.
Faith, Hope. Love; evening subject. "Abra- '
ham Lincoln." A special invitation to all G.
A. R. comrades, Woman Relief Corps and !
Sons and Daughters of Veterans. The pub-
llo cordially invited.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts. —
Rev. John Stephens, pastor. Residence. 309
Halght st Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30
p. m. The pastor will preach at both serv- |
ices. At the evening hour, 7:30, a Lincoln j
memorial service will be held. Patriotic '
music by the choir and Sunday-school and
address on "Lincoln, the Great Emanci-
pator," by Dr. Stephens. Sunday-school at !
12:30 p. m., C. B. Perkins, superintendent; i
Ep worth League service at 6:30 p. m. The !
public cordially Invited to all the services of
this church. Seats free. Ushers in attend-
ance. Prayer meeting Wednesday evening at
7:45 o'clock.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion st. between Sixth and Seventh — Dr.
Charles Edward Locke, pastor, will preach.
Class meetings. 9:SO a. m. and 12:30 p. m.
Morning sermon at 11 o'clock; subject, ''Songs
in the Night" Sunday-school, 1 p. m., Rollo
V. Watt, superintendent Christian Endeavor
societies at 6:15 p. m. Evening sermon at
7:30; subject, "Was Abraham Lincoln a
Christian?" Midweek prayer and praise ;
service Wednesday evening. This Is a peo- I
ple's church. Cordial invitations to all. Seats ■
free. Chorus choir. J. J. Morris, leader.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner Van Ness
aye. and Sacramento st. — Rev. Robert Mac-
kenzie, D.D.. pastor. Rev. Edwin H. Jenks,
co-pastor. Dr. Mackenzie will preach at 11
a. m. Mr. Jenks will preach at 7:30 p. m.
Sunday-school at 12:45 p. m. Y. P. S. C. E.
at 6:15 p. m. Prayer meeting Wednesday at
S p. m. All are welcome. ;
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Geary
and Powell sts.— Rev. John Hemphill. D.D..
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
Topic, evening, "Purposeless People." Music,
morning, "Te Deum, ' E flat (Kroell); offer- :
tory. "O Lord Protect Me " (Haydn); so- !
prano solo, Mrs. Priest-Fine. Music, even-
ing, "Jubilate Deo," E flat iHoiden); offer-
tory. "Thou Wilt Keep Him in Perfect
Peace" (Gauntlett). All are cordially Invited. |
UNION-SQUARE Free Baptist Church. Bush
st. near Larkin— Preaching at li a. m. by
Rev. William N. Meserve. who has just re- |
turned from his trip to England. Sunday- ;
school. E. H. Howell. superintendent, at i
12:80. Y. P. S. C E. at 6:30 p. m. Prayer
meeting Wednesday evening at 7:30. Seats .
free. All are welcome. i
J. 0. U. A. M. and D. of L.— Services com- I
memorating Lincoln's birthday will be held ;
at the First Baptist Church, 320 Eddy St.,
this evening alt 7:30 o'clock. Rev. E. A. !
Woods, pastor, j has, through the Hon. H. C.
Henderson, extended to all a cordial Invita-
tion to be present. Subject. "Life and Char- j
acter of Lincoln." Members will please at- j
tend with their families and friends.
INTERNATIONAL Brotherhood League (non- ;
sectarian), has for one of its objects "To j
help workingmen and women to realize the j
nobility of their calling and their' true posi-
tion in life." Meetings every Saturday even-
Ing at 8 o'clock, at Sl9 Market st.
THE Theosophlcal Society— Publlo lectures !
every Sunday evening at 8 o'clock in Native
Sons"' buldlng. To-night G. E. Bailey, for- :
merly professor of chemistry. State Univer- ,
sity of Nebraska, will lecture: subject, "The
Joys and Sorrows of an Atom."
SAN FRANCISCO Theosophical Society, 819 ,
Market st. ; lecture to-night. "The Perfect;
Man," by Mr. H. B. Monges. Subject Tues-
day night. "Occultism."
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
SOCIETY of Progressive Spiritualists, El Do-
rado Hall. Aloa-ar building, O'Farrell St..
Sunday evening. February 13; song service I
7:30 sharp; Mrs. R. S. Lillle of Boston will
lecture; subject. "Who Are the Spiritualists
and What Is Their Belief?" Admission 10c. '
DR. M. MUEHLENBRUCH'S grand spiritual j
test meeting to-night; questions answered; !
also psychometric readings: 111 Larkin st, '
lower hall; doctor's office, Brunswick Hotel, ;
Oakland; test circle every Tuesday evening,
25c: sittings daily.
OAKLAND— Dr. Coonley, the popular slate
writer and physical medium; seance to-night;
slate writing, spirit portraits, tents, etc.; sit- !
tings daily. 1010% Washington St., "The
Colusa." -
AT Dr. Rlnes' spiritual society. 909 Market St..
11. free; 2. 8 p. m.. Mrs. Scaly, Gilllngham, j
Dr. Carpenter. Hanson. Dr. at 261 Arlington
st. Tuesday, Thursday, Friday, 10-4. j
MME. MONTAGUE will hold meeting in San
Francisco next Wednesday evening, Wash-
ington Hall. opp. Tlvoli. 8 o'clock; questions j
answered; also readings.
OAKLAND Psychical Society, Fraternal Hall,
Washington st. 7:30 p. m., Mme. Montague
will lecture: subject. "Capital Punishment."
Also mental questions.
TEST developing circle, 2 p. m., 8 p. m.; test
meeting. 10c. 336 McAllister. R. A. Stitt,
Nita. Meakin. Hargrave, Evens, Gilllngham.
others.
MARKET, To-night. Mrs. Wrenn and
other prominent mediums; questions an-
swered; admission free
CIRCLE to-night; Tuesday. 8 p. m.; Thursday.
2 p. m.; readings. $1. Mayo Steers. 112% Oak.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing ethereallzlng
seance, 8 p. m.. 50c. 409 Leaven worth St.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. 10c; fine music. 605 McAllister st.
MRS. CHEEVER'S test circle to-night. 10c.
1?C -.'.■■+■■ st . near Twenty-eighth.
MEETING NOTICES.
-tl_— Xwioog juatOAau^a XVIHXSav ■
neral delegates of the above-named t£»j2fe{
society .ire hereby notified to as- gUB-Bs
semble at their hall. 413 Putter st BfjgST
TO-MORROW (MONDA V). 8:30 * r M# B>
sharp, to attend the funeral of our late
brother, N. BOLLINGER. By order
M. SCANATICH, President
A. CONNICH. Secretary.
FUNERAL NOTICE— AII members of the
Draymen and Teamsters' Union are hereby
notified to assemble on the corner of Twenty-
second and Mission «st 9. for the purpose of
attending the funeral of our late brother J.
.A. WHEELER, at 1:30 o'clock p. m. Fines
will be strictly enforced.
E. MAGINNIS. President
J. B. NIDEROST, Rec. Sec.
B. F. No. 1. National Association of Sta-
tionary Engineers, 20 Eddy st— Special
meeting for important business. TUESDAY
February 15. 8 p. m. C. C. ELSASSER
W. T. BONNEY.- Secy. President.
RIGGERS and Stevedores' U. A.— All members
are hereby notified to assemble at their hall
at 8:30 a. m. THIS DAY, to attend the fu-
neral of our late - employer, CAPTAIV
THOMAS YOUNG. By order
A. CAMPBELL. President. ;
M. J. MORAN. Sec. P. T. .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
KLONDIKERS^-Stay and call on Mme. Jay
before you sail away, for she is the only
palmist here to-day who can tell you where
the nuggets lay; hours 10 to 12 m.. 2 to 8 p.
m. 806 Jones st. • ■ .... i • . .
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made'
city :or country- PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. room 6; tei. 5580.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, medium and mag-
netlc healer, charms. 120%. Geary st, rooms
2 and 3.
MRS. DR. FISH. rm. 2. 116 A Grant aye.; el«c-
triclan; alcohol, Turkish ; baths :' unrivaled.
ROOMS papered from $2 50. and whitened from
$1 up. 239 Third st. and 280S Twenty-fourth.
MRS. STEWERT, genuine . steam and cabinet
baths. 120% Geary St., room 11.
ROOM-RENTING Bureau, room 24, Flood
building, corner oX Fourth st. ;
MME. HANSEN. latest galvanic battery, and \
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st. -.■.-■
_^^_ '.DIVIDEND NOTICES. ..
DIVIDEND No. 52 (forty cents per share): of
the Hutchinnon Sugar Plantation Company
will be payable at the office of the company.
327 Market 6t., on and after. Monday, Feb-
ruary 21, 1898. Transfer books will close on
Tuesday, February 15. ' 1896, at 3 o'clock p. m.
. . - £. H. SHELDON', B«ciet_ry.
SITUATIONS ANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED- Your orders for girls and women
for private families. hotels, restaurants, j
laundries and factories. C. R. HA.NHEN &
' CO., IPS Geary st. ; phone Grant ISS.
GERMAN. Scandinavian and Irish first-class
servants furnished I promptly by J. F. CROei-
. ETT _ CO.. 316 Sutter st. !
LADIES wanting ho_sej,-irls. maids, second
girls, ■nurseglrls, cooks, apply at Ladles'
Exchange, 1023 Market.
WANTED— By refined young girl, position to |
do light upstairs work; could act as nursery i
governess or do plain sewing; suburbs pre- '
ferred. Box 1076. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker would like engage- j
ments by the day; would go into the country. |
Dressmaker. 613% Eddy st j
GERMAN cook wishes a situation In an Ameri-
can family: Is a good housekeeper. Address •
2125 Larkln st. ;
COMPETENT person wishes place; housework |
and cooking; 3 years last place; willing to go ;
to country. Call 2269 Geary, nr. Devlsadero. !
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like chamber- j
work and sewing. Address box 10S4, Call.
YOUNG Swedish woman wants general house- I
work by the day in respectable families; ex- !
cellent laundress, cook or housecleaner. Ad- i
dress D. A., box 1080, Call office. |
GERMAN girl wishes position to do general I
housework and cooking. Call Monday, 1023 I
Guerrero st
HOUSEWORK wanted by a capable woman j
willing and fond of children; a short distance
In the country; wages $10 to $12. 478 Jessie st.
EXPERT typewriter wishes employment for
half day; salary $3 per week. Address box
1088. Call office.
COMPETENT woman wants a position at gen-
eral housework, city or country. Write or
call room 3. Lafayette House, Jessie st,
near Second.
DRESSMAKING wanted in families by the
day. MRS. FITZPATRICK, 1518 California.
NEAT young woman, with a girl 4 years, de-
sires situation at housework; $15; city; no
wash; references. MISS CULLEN, 326 Sutter.
NEAT, strong German girl wishes situation to
go to Klondike or attend store; good cook I
and laundress. Box 1092, .Call office.
YOUNG, respectable woman wishes position;
cooking, general housework: willing, reliable;
American family; wages $26. 324 Day st.
DRESSMAKER, good cutter and fitter, would I
like a few more engagements in families by i
the day or would take work home. Call or I
address 1403 Polk st. • .■■>..
WANTED— Position as cook by a competent '
woman, by the day or week. Address 138 !
Sixth St., room 4.
GERMAN woman, good cook, wishes a place
as lunch cook. Address 1218 Folsom St.
YOUNG German woman wants work by the
day at washing and housecleaning. 732 Na-
toma st, rear.
DRESSMAKER desires engagements by the '>
day; all kinds of family sewing; .first-class
work. Box 1099, Call office.
JAPANESE neat girl wants situation; plain
cooking and housework. 2 Eureka place, near
Larkin and Bush sts.
NEAT, reliable woman wishes work by day. or
would do light housework with small private i
family. Call or address MRS. F.. 657 Howard.
SITUATION wanted by a thoroughly competent
woman as nurse; can take care of an Infant
from birth, or an invalid In any kind of
sickness; doctor's references: city or country.
Address Competent Nurse, 221 Minna st.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day;
housework or office cleaning; $1 per day.
MRS. HICKEY. 606 Howard st.
DRESSMAKER would like position In family
by month or week; first-class cutter and fit-
ter; no objection to country. Box 1109, Call.
YOUNG German • woman desiring to go to
Alaska . would engage to respectable parties
going there; a good cook and baker; can fur-
nish beet of references. Box 1109, Call Office.
RELIABLE woman wants position for house-
work: city or country. Call 409 Ellis st Mon-
day; best of city reference.
REFINED young lady would like position as
companion or Hunt work; wages nominal ;
Box 1106. Call Office.
RELIABLE elderly Protestant woman wishes
to do housework in small family: good plain
cook. 1559 Fifteenth st.
SEAMSTRESS wishes to go in families to sew. j
75c per day. 121 Shotwell st. off Sixteenth. I
SWEDISH woman wants, by the day, wash-
Ing. ironing or houeecleaning. Apply 28 I
Aztec st, off Shotwell, Bernal Heights.
SOBER, middle-aged woman. No. 1 cook.
wants work in a private family; city or coun-
try. 1104 Mission St., room 33.
YOUNG widow would like a position as house-
keeper in widower's family; children no ob-
jection. Call 212% Eleventh st.
PIANIST— Quick reader, wishes position in
Call office. S»9 Hayes st.
YOUNG German girl wishes situation upstairs
work and wait on table; references. 1022
Larkin st.
WANTED— to do general housework;
good cook; has best of references. A., 515
Eighth St., Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by an energetlo, capable ;
German general house servant; several years' j
references from past employer. Room 5. 1023 i
Market St.
SITUATIONS by an excellent private cook and
laundress; meats. Dastry and Ices a spe-
cialty; references. 1023 Market st.
SITUATION by a refined young lady as second
girl, nurse or child's governess; wages not 1
80 much an object as good home; references.
1023 Market st.
AMERICAN lady of some refinement would
like a position as housekeeper; Is reliable
and fully capable of taking entire charge of
lodging-house. Address Housekeeper, 10«
Eddy st. room 7.
WANTED— A position by a competent woman
to do general housework; no objection to a
short distance in the country. Call at 308
Minna st. third floor.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes position In small
family to do light work for her board and
lodging. Box 1042, Call office.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker desires to go out
at $1 25 per day; dresses made at home. Call
or address MRS. FLOHR. 1835 Howard st.
near Fifteenth.
YOUNG girl of experience desires position in
small Protestant family to do general house-
work and plain cooking; $15. Address K. M., '
2526 Mission St.
REFINED girl wants light housework in small
family for good home and low wages; refer-
ence. MARY FOSTER. 28 Hickory aye.
YOUNG lady wishes a position to do light
housework for two in family; references
given. Call or address 1275 Clay st.
YOUNG woman wishes working housekeeper's
position or to do plain mending. 131 Fourth
St.. room 1.
CAPABLE American woman wishes situation
as working housekeeper or as cook for men
on ranch; references. 13 Liberty St., near
. Valencia.
FRENCH nurse; experienced with young chil-
dren. Apply 2116% Van Ness aye.
REFINED young girl wishes to assist In light
housework. Call 735 Harrison st.
YOUNG girl wishes situation light house-
work or care of children under 2 years. Ap-
ply 1816 Post St., lower bell.
SITUATION wanted as stenographer by young
lady. Inquire 1510 Harrison st.
YOUNG woman wants employment by day.
week or month: not afraid of work. Address
or call at 1165 Howard st. _^
SITUATION 3 WANTED— MALI..
THE headquarters for good hotel and restaur-
ant help. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary.
TO Alaska Transportation Companies— have
numerous cooks, bakers, stewards, waiters,
cabin boys, etc., engineers and firemen,
anxious to go north under contract; remem-
■ ber this; we can furnish you quickly. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary St. Grant 185.
FARMERS, ranchers and dairymen needing
ranch hands, teamsters, milkers, etc., can be
supplied quickly by C. R. HANSEN _ CO.,
108 Geary st | Phone Grant 185. -
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay St.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office; house
cleaning; tel. Grant 56. G. AOKI, 30 Geary.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st. : tel. East 426.
HUNTER & CO., Chinese and Japanese emp.
office. 614% California St. ; tel. Main 231.
JAPANESE employment office; work day,
hour or evening. 122% O'Farrell: tel Davis 6o6.
HOTEL man who burnt out wishes a position;
has been proprietor and manager for 17 years;
has first-class references; am capable to fill
any department; wife a perfect housekeeper;
no children; no objection to leaving city. Ad-
dress box 1078. Call office. .
COACHMAN, by a thoroughly capable man of
long experience; references as to qualifica-
tions and character from well-known Ameri-
; can families; Is also a good caretaker of
private residence. Address C. C, box 1073,
Call office.
CHINESE boy, first-class family cook, wants
situation; small washing, cooking; city, coun-
try; references. X., 615% Dupont st, S. F. ;:.
SITUATION- wanted by elderly 2 man around
private place; thoroughly understands care of
L SITUATION wanted by elderly man around
private place; thoroughly understands cara of
horses: can milk and do garden work; good
references. Box 1060, Call office. -
l-—l -— ■ ■■ -- . . . . ■ ... 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1898.
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
GRADUATE agricultural school, with several
years' ■ experience on this coast, wishes situa-
tion with cattle or stock company; competent
in veterinary line. Address box 1075, Call. '
ACTIVE elderly man desires work around
place; email wages. Box 10S2, Call office.
GERMAN wants to Join a party of 3 or 4 to
go to Alaska (Germans preferred). Address
box 1083, Call office.
SINGLE German desires position as porter
or any kind of work; is handy around horses;
also with tools. Box 1086. Call office.
BY a young married mar. as accountant, cash-
ier or general office work; experience and
good references. Address box . 1061, Call. >
FARMERS, coachmen, cook* and all kinds of
mechanics furnished at snort notice by ap-
plying to J. F. CROSLTT _ CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
MAN, experienced In sanitarium -work, used
to giving all sorts of baths, would like po-
sition; best of references. Address box 1094, '
Call office. ■ . |
CARPENTER and cabinet-maker. .- young man, i
good mechanic. . wants situation. - Call or ad-
dress 721 Mission st.
PROFESSIONAL nurse awaits engagement: |
would assume entire charge; apply own. "an I
effectual remedy in chronic diseases," or
would accept permanent place In sanita-
rium or hospital; terms moderate. Box 1100,
Call.
YOUNG man desires a situation with private I
family to take care garden and chore work;
understands care of horses. 33 Fulton St.
SOBER, industrious German wishes work of
any kind; handy with tools; best of refer-
ences; low wages; city or country. Box
1101. Call office.
THREE-piece orchestra wants engagement*;
both dancing and ooncert; first-class muxlo
assured. Box 1113, Call office.
MARRIED couple, German, want work on
farm, orchard or vineyard; long experience
and wages reasonable; references. Address
B. 8.. box 1073, Call office.
JAPANESE, young boy, understanding coot-
ing and waiting at the table, wants situation
In good family; oity or country. PETER,
1909 Fillmore »tret ■
PRINTER, country, $5 per month and found,
or $10. Address Printer, 768 . Sixteenth st,
Oakland.
YOUNG married man wants position as de-
livery wagon driver. Box 1071, Call office.
YOUNG man with first-class reference wishes
work In stable or as teamster. 80x1072, Call. j
GOOD French, Italian and American cook ]
wishes a position In a restaurant; good |
workman and kitchen manager; best refer- I
enoe. 211% Polk st.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese cook. speaks good
English, wants position to do cooking and
general housework. Address D. 0., box 5, [
Call office. Oakland. ;
DRUGS — Thorough, practical graduate of i
Philadelphia College of Ph.; 26: single; Ger- I
man: best of references. Box 1065. Call office. J
YOUNG man wants Job as porter or any kind j
of work: willing to make himself generally i
useful. Address S., box 14. Call office.
YOUNG man would like a Job as milk wagon
driver or milker. Address O. 8., S5 Eddy St.
BY an American man and wife, to take full
charge of a mechanics' boarding house;
country preferred: references furnished. Ad-
dress W. H. WRIGHT. 803 Railroad aye.,
Alameda.
FIRST-CLASS gardener and horseman wants
position on gentleman's place, or cook for
ranch or private family: good references. Ad-
dress box 794. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER— Thorough experienced ac-
countant, cashier and correspondent; Al city
references. Box 1041, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS family cook (Chinese) wishes
situation. Address 905 Dupont st.
DRAUGHTSMAN wants a situation. Ad-
dress box 1035, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man. well accustomed to care j
of good horses, carriages or cows for private i
family, wishes position; references. Address |
C. R. C, 709 Minna st.
FIRST-CLASS landscape gardener now ready
for engagement; private or grow flowers for
market: best references. Gardener, box 11,
Call office, Oakland.
ABSENTEES— Confidential employe of leading
corporation will devote his spare time to any
business of absentees: bonds furnished. "Con-
fidence," box 1024, Call office.
BAKER, reliable and well experienced, wishes
situation. Box 1026, Call office.
MAN and wife want position in boarding-
house or hotel: man first-class cook; wife
good housekeeper; city or country. 314 Minna
st.; upstairs.
GERMAN, middle-age, mechanic by trade,
handy with tools, speaks English well, wants
any situation. Box 983, Call office.
RELIABLE man of experience (German) wants
situation In private family as coachman and
gardener: thoroughly understands rare of
horses, gardening and milking: strictly tem-
perate; good references. Address box BS9,
Call office.
TRAVELING man wants position; steady and
hard worker; can keep books: best city ref-
erences: familiar with machinery and hard-
ware. • Box 890. Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. rear Mar-
ket; 200 rooms. 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $«
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. *
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
wa7Ttl-i>^aTl'^'hlPtTme ~~^
Neat young women who want work In pri-
vate families, at C. R. HANSEN _ CO.'S,
10S Geary St.
TWO arm ■waitresses, $6 a week; restaurant
waitress for San Jose, $25; waitress for Fres-
no and Watson vllle; waitress, lunch counter,
• $6 a week: arm waitress, city, $20; dinner
waitress. $2 50; 4 waitresses and chamber-
maids, $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary st. ; phone Grant 185.
WAITRESSES for Southern California; re-
duced rail rates through C. R. HANSEN A:
CO., 108 Geary st.
HOUSEGIRL, no cooking, no washing, see lady
here, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary.
FRENCH cook, $25; 2 German cooks, $25; 3
houseglrls, $25; 5 for $20 and 20 for $15. C.
R. HANSEN ft CO.. 108 Geary st.
GIRL or woman for housework, good plain
cook, no washing, country, $25. fare paid;
cook, private family, country, $25; laundress,
country hotel, $20. MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 534-636 Clay st.
WOMAN with a child, nice place on ranch as
cook, etc., $20, see party here. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay St. „
THE Ladles' Employment Parlors, the largest
and best appointed on the Pacific Coast; man-
aged by educated and accomplished ladles;
Investigate. Rooms 5, 6, 7 and 8, 1023 Market.
RESPECTABLE; healthy, sensible and Intelli-
gent single lady, with fair education and
good business tactics, and of good appeal,
ance and address, to take charge as house-
keeper In a hotel In a new town in the Brit-
ish Yukon gold fields. Box 1085. Call office.
YOUNG lady as assistant bookkeeper; one who
will appreciate advancement to lucrative I
position: written references necessary. Room '
B. 1023 Market st. •
20 GIRLS who desire good situations with first- j
class houses at exceptionally good wages. 1023
Market St. . .
WANTED— and apprentices at 1825
Greenwich Ft. £9f&_d
FIRST-CLASS fancy waist trimmer. A.
KAHN. 142 Geary St.
WANTED— GirI for light housework and care
of child; sleep home. 797 Mission. St.
EXPERIENCED hands on ladles' wrappers
and waists to work in factory. 409A 1 Turk.
LADY cashier and correspondent; traveling;
$25 and expenses. 1023 Market.
GIRL to learn dressmaking; one living at home
preferred. St. Ann's building, room 96.
GOOD seamstresses will .be taught how to
make wrappers; steady employment. 416%
Ellis st. . ! . .
LADIES to learn portrait enlarging; call Tues-
day. 927 Market St., room 603.
CAPS, shirt waists and . underwear < operators.
547 Market Ft. ' ■ . *
YOUNG girl for ' general housework: small
family; no washing. Apply 433 Seventh st.
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants, ins Minna.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general housework.
1130 Golden Gate aye.; call after 9, Monday.
GOOD, steady finishers on pants. 660 Fourth.
WANTED— lady or gentleman with $200
to Join the advertiser In making and selling
a new Invention; large field; big profits. Ad-
dress B. E., 515 Beventh st, ! Oakland. ■ ' -•-■ ■;
WANTED— American woman for work in. res-
taurant kitchen; must ,be quick : and expe-
rienced. " Apply Golden West restaurant
■; East . Berkeley. :.
LADIES, you can learn the art of dressmaking
and millinery at the McDOWELL Schooi.
We teach the celebrated McDowell system of
dresscutting; this system'- received' gold
• medals at - Paris, Berlin. -■ London ! World's
Fair, ; Midwinter Fair, and was awarded the
' diploma at the last Mechanics' *< Fair; we
teach millinery from beginning to end* don't
fall to call and see the most successful dress-
making and millinery school in America;
easy payments; ; unlimited ■ lessons; • patterns
cut, 25c up. The McDowell Dressmaking and
, Millinery School, 103 Post st. ::■■:.. -,■;.■ ,--.:
WANTED— Bright young woman to manage 33-
room lodging house; must have $250; a snap
■ for half interest. ;-/ Widower, box 110$,
■ Call office, - / , .. . I
HELP TV AN^iEßD— Continued.
TWO weeks' sewing lessons free at the B. F.
1 Dresscuttlng School,: 916 Market st.
WANTED— operators to work on ,
flannel, white " and fancy shirts. Standard
Shirt. Factory, Gough and Grove sts. |
GOOD home, moderate wages, two In family, I
for girl , (orphan preferred) or middle-aged
woman, to do housework in Berkeley. Ad-
dress box 1066,, Call office. ■ - -
NURSE girl wanted at 910 Devlsadero st.
ANTED— girl to learn dressmaking. '
Apply MADAME RICHEY,- 2116^ Van Ness. !
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25g. MCDOWELL'S. 103 Post. |
GIRL for general housework and cooking;
small family: German preferred. 1880 Eddy.
OPERATORS on Singer buttonhole machine, j
LEVI. STRAUSS & CO.. 32"4 Fremont st.
OPERATORS on steam power sewing-ma- i
chines to make " Levt Strauss & Co. s riveted j
clothing. Apply to MR. DA VIS, 32^ Fremont. |
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School, 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on: trial free.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken. ,
REMOVED again— Dr. Wise, the ladles' spec-
ialist, to 14 McAllister; monthly troubles, etc.
: MALE HELP WAITED.
FRED KISCHING, ' the checker, please report.
C.R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary at.
JAMES COOPER, second cook, please report.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st. j
SHAMPOOER for baths. C. R, HANSEN & [
CO.. 108 Geary st. i
BARKEEPER, references; boy for doctor's
office. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
CHECKER, $60; French chef, $100; second
oook. $70; fry cook. $13 a week; third cook.
$46. C. R. HAN BEN & CO.. 108 Geary »t.
SECOND head waiter, country hotel, $50; 8
waiters, country hotel, $35; 6 Eastern waiters;
waiter, hotel, south, $25. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st. _.
REGULAR German shop bread baker, with
references, $60 and found; baker and pastry
cook, small hotel, $30. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st. j
2 WOODCHOPPERS and grubbers. $1 60 a cord;
German to work in a nursery. $15 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
SCANDINAVIAN laborers for railroad work. |
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary St. !
10 LABORERS for a sawmill, $20 and found, i
fare paid: 3 laborers, city. $1 a day and ;
board; 2 teamsters, 90c a day and board; 10 j
married men, with or without families, to j
cut wood, good cabins; timber fellers and :
cutters. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 638
Clay st. I
COOK; waiters: dishwashers; boy for bakery. '
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
86 WOODCHOPPERS, $1 25 and $1 a oord; i
married carpenter. MURRAY & READY, I
634 and 636 Clay st. ■
WANTED— Engineer for mine, small hoist. $2 |
a day; 2 gardeners and florists. $25 and $35; !
vegetable gardener. $25 to $30; miners. $3 i
day; laborers, $1 75; 50 pitch vein coal miners; j
timbermen for mine, $2 50 day; tiemakers;
woodchoppers: old choreman, and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED Sawyer and filer, double circular,
$125: engineer, $100; millwright. $125; all for I
Alaska: free transportation: must deposit $250 I
as guarantee to stay 9 months; this is a first-
class company; go next month. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Broiler for restaurant, $50; broiler, |
hotel, $45; cook, private family, $50; waiter, i
country hotel. $25: waiter, city, $25; and
others. ANDRE, 308 Stockton st.
TRAVELING salesman; office manager; book-
keeper and cashier, with references. 1023 j
Market St. |
TICKET agent; one of the best paying posi-
tions ever offered. 1023 Market st.
WANTED— First-class hatmaker; office boy;
cook; gardener. 1023 Market st.
FINE coatmakers wanted. Apply at 11 a. m. j
at the Stsvenson-st. entrance of CHARLES :
LYONS'. 721 Market st.
IT fells on its merits; shade dealers buy on
sight; sample small; commission. 20 per cent.
Write Trojan Mfg. Co., South Bend, Ind.
EVERYWHERE— Men to advertise "Lustre,"
the modern scouring soap; tack signs, distri-
bute circulars, place samples, orders, etc.;
steady work; salary $10 weekly and expen-
ses. The Lutro Co., Chicago.
WORK at home furnished people of either sex
at good wages. For full Information address ;
Labadie Art Company, Kalamazoo, Mich.
DO you want a chance to get some 'of the I
Klondike gold. Address J. RUSSELL. 212 I
Cortland aye.
I
WANTED— A registered clerk for drug store i
in Oakland. Address, stating experience and ;
salary expected. Drugs, box 11, Call office, |
Oakland.
GOOD dishwasher at 154 Second st.
WANTED — Good pressman on pants. Call
Monday morning, 258 Jessie st.
WANTED— A boy about 13 or 14 years old to
run errands for butcher business. Apply at
stall 57-59 Union Square Market.
WANTED— Boat builders. ; Apply 646 Second st.
WORKING partner with small capital; good
paying business. Box 1114, Call office. j
WANTED— Active, reliable messenger boy,
$2 75. Address box 1115, Call office.
BRIGHT, reliable young man to deliver morn-
ing paper route. Box 1116, Call office.
WANTED— Men and women: work home; I pay
$8 to $16 a week for making crayon portraits;
new patent method; any one who can read or
write can do the work in spare time, day or
evening; send for particulars at once. H. A.
GRIPP. German Artist, Tyrone. Pa,
MAN and wife to work on a farm; good home;
salary $25 per month. Apply JOHN NOR-
GROVE. 12 Geary st.
JEWELRY traveler as a side line on commls-
sion. Box 1063, Call office.
WANTED— Young man to learn artistic and
well paying trade; must. have fair handwrit-
ing; a rare opportunity. HAMILTON, box
98$, Call office.
$200— BARBER shop. 2 chairs; 3 living rooms:
good location; going to Alaska. 321 San
Pablo aye.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know i
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still :
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become s'-.ch; must
be of good character and habits ana able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height.
, For further information apply at the re-
cruitlng office. 20 Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal.
SHOE-REPAIRING shop for sale; best location
in city. Apply at 767 Market st. ..'...
CIVIL service Government positions— so ques-
tions and answers free. Address HUGHES
Preparation. Washington, P. C.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St.. near . Jackson.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c a night: reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
flce. S. FUCHS. Sec.. 320 Grant aye.
ROSEDALE House, 321 Ellis— Rooms 250 to $1
night; $1 to $4 week ; hot and cold baths.
MARKET. 4— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and" subscriptions : taken.
LARKIN, 61.'.— Branch office of The Call: want
ads and subscriptions taken. , |
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. 8.
F. Barber College. 138% Eighth st.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night; 76c and $1
week. Ltndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
MARKET. M3V4 (Elcho House)— Rooms 20c, 250
to -BOe. night ; $1 to $2 week. ■ ".. .. - '
DRUMM. 225 (Oriental)— Rooms, 15c to 75c per
night; 50c to $1 50 . per week. v '"
WANTED— At Montana House. 764% Mission
St.. men to take rooms': 10c. 15c and 26c per
night; 60c, <wv. and $1 per week. ■.'.?.-
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection ■ Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week. ■ - ;. .'■■■- j
4 MARKET L Branch office of The Call:
_ want ads and subscriptions taken. "_■•".'____
AGENTS WANTED.
OUR ■ recipes 1 for making all kinds beverages j
simple and cheap are famous; "they pay '■
large profits. Box . 1077. Call :of flee. ,- »
"ONLY Perfect Vapor Bath." greatest seller on
earth. Hygienic Bath Cabinet Co., Nashville.
AGENTS wanted to canvass the best gas lamp j
in the market.' Daylight Gas Lamp C 0.," .1183
■ Market st: ' ■ ; ,-. .-.ir ■"' "* - " ' '
FURNITUKE WAf TED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion et.; ; tel. Mint 1821: ";;"■■' : . ■
: INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to , 19 ; Mont-
gomery st. ; highest prices paid. Tel. Davis TL
<16 ( LARKIN— Branch office of | The Call; «üb-
»crtpti«M and waal ads Ukoa, :;. . .
•: ROOMS 'i AND board WANTED.
WANTED— By March 1, 4 ' unfurnished rooms !
by man and wife; state location; west of :
Jones and north of Geary. ' Address A. D. F.,
1810 Union st. ".' Ti~ "'.."...:",
UNFURNISHED room in exchange 1 for. parlor
_and bedroom set. Box 1096. Call office.
' ROOjIS WANTED.
BY young couple, 2 or 3 nicely furnished sunny |
housekeeping rooms. Box 1090, Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— A second-hand large size , roller-
top office desk; must be cheap and in good
condition. Address Enclnal Realty Office,
1457 Webster st., Alameda. "
WANTED— medium lerer or treadle
Job printing press on small monthly pay- ,
menta; give make and price. Address 961, Call.
WANTED— Second-hand. strong, medical fluid j
battery ; state price >to MRS. WERNBERG,
1109 East Twenty-third st., East Oakland.
WILL exchange a small Bailey endless chain
hoist for small drum and derrick gear. Box
1087. Call office.
GOOD paper route wanted. Address Route 10.
Call office.
PARTIES having steam, gasoline or electric
launches for sale please communicate with
C. F. SCHERMERHORN CO., Honolulu. H. |
I. ; give length, capacity, speed, other very
i complete information.
: 5000 TONS of castlron at once. 204 Mission
street. . -*
WANTED— S2O,OOO; centrally located property;
. assets $50,000. T. W. WOODWORTH. 108
! South Broadway. Los Angeles. Cal. . ■
i PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
MACHINERY, belting; pipe, scales, tools, etc.
bought and sold. J. Livingston, 204 Mission.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
; EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business - practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy. languages. English branch-
es; electrical, civil & mining engineering, sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.;
Individual Instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship. $50; low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING school; civil, electrical, min-
ing, m»ch., survey, assay, archlt. : day & eve.:
cist. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tan's counting room makes you !
thorough. Room 572, 855 Market st.
MISS GAMBLE'S dancing school. 317 Devisa-
dero; adults, Prl., 8 p.m.: •children, Thu., 3:30.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1238 Mar-
ket St.; 124 positions In '96: 103 In '97.
INSTRUCTION In tapestry painting, etc.; les-
. sons. 25c. Studio. 419 Geary St.. room 12.
FISK TEACHERS' AGENCY. 420 Parrott
building; 13,000 positions filled; manual free.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and • vocal lessons,
$3 per month. MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
VOICE culture, piano . Paris graduate: French,
Spanish: new classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
FLUTE, mandolin, guitar lessons; club $1
monthly. PROF. GASTALDI. 710 Lombard.
LUDLUM School of Elocution and Dramatlo
Art. 9?8 Putter st. "■ ' - -- ••?■-;-:.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ARRIVED! ARRIVED! ARRIVED!
TRANCE MEDIUM AND CLAIRVOYANT.
DR. REEDE.
HE TELLS E-V-E-R-Y-T-H-I-N-G.
He gives full names, dates, facts and fig-
ures. Dr. Reede wishes It distinctly under-
stood he accepts no fee unless you find him
SUPERIOR TO ANY ' MEDIUM or Clair-
voyant In San Francisco. When in doubt or
trouble of any kind see this gifted man, and
he will set you right. He has helped others.
He will help you. He doesn't want your
money If he can't benefit you.
Private parlors. 236 Sutter, nr. Kearny: r. 1.
Office hours from 9 a. m. to 6 p. m. Sun-
days to 2 p. m. '.■--VY -.".-'
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life: she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; . unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property: locates .treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present i
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours !
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; per'ect satisfaction guar- ;
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with i
special terms. MRP DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 12"6 Market st, opp. Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader: born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease: full life reading: ladle" 50c,
gentssl: palm, and clalrv. : sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. LE NORMANDE, .clairvoyant, card-
reader, magnetic treatment; hours, 10 to 3.
401 Leavenworth st. -■ '■- -> ■■.; ■-
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card-
reader: German spoken: 25c up. 73 Fourth st.
MISS L. DEAN, magnetic healing, card-
reader. 906 Market, st., room 41, top. floor.
MRS. MANDENA. medium and palmist: read-
ings 25c and 50c this week: satisfaction. 26 6th.
IDA INGLEWOOD, card-reader, magnetic
healer. 126 Fourth St., room 23.
MRP. RAY from Chicago, magnetic healer and
card reader. 1015 Market St., room 17, 2d floor.
MME. \RA VENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. ' 5 Fourth st.
RAY FAIR, card reader; . magnetic healing a
specialty., 223 Post room 2.
OLLIE LAKE: returned from Chicago: card
reader. 906 Market St.. or 9 Ellis, room 22.
MIPS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and
water reader. 921H Mission: German' spoken.
.TOSTE TAYLOR, magnetic healer: mind read-
er. 223 Post st.. room 11. second floor.
MME. HANSEN, palmist, card-writer; past,
present and future: 25c. 148 Sixth, room S.
MME. MOREATT. test medium, clairvoyant,
card-reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. upstairs.
MME. RYBTLLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MT?P EDNA V. GRANT. 131 Taylor St.. room
3: mind reader and palmist.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
Ptttlnirs dally. IJSV Sixth st., room 14.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS-Flrst in her pro-
'»««i"i' never fn*l»:. b^v<cc- h«»lr>. P?9 Po«t.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. FAIRBANKS.- clairvoyant: clr. Tups.
Frl. eves.. 10c: readings dally, 25, 50c. 108 6th.
BOOKS— and spiritual at 1429 Market
St., office of Philosophical Journal. '
MISS SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 230 Kearny St.. room 24.
A. M. FRANCTB. Independent slate-writer: de-
veloping circle Wednesday eve. 118 Halght st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, . spiritual medium, \ for
rteocpepo »"r» p<lvi<-e s ?1« Pt"cV*nn «t.
-■ - ' PALMSTKY. _ "-V," _ -"\
MME. JAY, teacher of palmistry; lessons pri-
vate and in classes; reads ; for. clubs. ' bazars
and socials: hours 10 to 12 m., 2 to 8 p. m. ;
telephone Larkin 967. '806 Jones st.
HORSES.
2-HORSE express for sale, : with stand. North-
east cor. Post and Kearny.
FOR SALE— A fine pack or buggy horse. :i Ap-
ply at 109 Hayes st. .; . '
FINE pair of mules: well broke; just the thing
for Klondlkers. Willows Stables, 2125 Mission.
FINE horse for sale; sound and gentle. Apply
. at 711 Turk st. __1_
HOUSE, stable and grounds suitable for flor-
■ Ist. . 2725 Howard st. .. . . .....
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
: Horan's : Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant sts.
JUST arrived — carloads broke horses: 1200 to
1600 pounds. 145 Valencia st. ..: ;,■; £ :f. v : ■' - -v
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts . bought.' sold
or exchanged: cheap storage: 40 horses: must
sell. T. P. NEWELL. 1802 Mission, cor. 14th.
40 HORSES for sale:: also wagons, buggies, j
' carts, harness: ' Grand ' Arcade Horse Mar-
- ket. 827 Sixth St.. auction sales : every ■ Wed-
nesday .SULLIVAN *• DOYLF.. Auctioneers.
r WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. "
EXPRESS and team worth $300; will take
| $150; must be sold account' departure. Apply
j corner I O'Farrell j and Stockton, or 4231 Twen-
ty-sixth st. .•:;: -■::..'
| FIRST-CLASS new, phaeton.. cheap: owner has
no use for it. 22 •, Golden Gate aye. •-
FOR sale— Phaeton, . top buggy '; and business
y, buggy. :.: 903 Golden Gate avenue. ' ■ . y:■
| WE sell at bargains the second-band carriages,
coupes ■ and wagonettes ; taken - in ' exchange.
■ O'BRIEN & SONS, corner Golden Gate aye.
and Polk st.i-.-i ' ' * •
SECOND-HAND grocery. ; .* bakery delivery ;
• wagons. 2-wheeled i carts. * road wagons, bug-
" gies and harness bargains for cash.' Fifteenth
and Valencia sts. .-' ; t', - > • .
TOP buggy, ■: new | grocery, business buggy ' and
: good 3-spring , delivery wagon. • 1161 > Howard. !
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap I
■ for cash or installments; 1 fine top and oped I
PERSONALS.
GERMAN— am at the old location. 122.
BELL.
HEALTHY boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUNKE. 1416 Eighth st.. Alameda.
MATRIMONIAL.
ALL seeking marriage, call or send 10c for Feb-
ruary -Wedding Bell"; 14 pages; no $5 re- I
quired. EDITOR, 111 Ellis St., S. F., Cal.
BUSINtSS PER so j^ L ;L
THE feminine world will gladly.-welcome the
new styles in halrdressing; the latest, ' only j
25c; good switches, $1; best, finest quality. I
$3 50; extra heavy, long, $5. Open Sundays '
from 9 to 12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
VOCAL Instructor Jos. Greven cannot be
killed by the poisonous sting of a little wasp, ;
who tries in vain to bite just the best of our j
artists for the sole purpose, of course, of get-
ting some honey."
MRS. M. HALEY— years' experience, linen
loose covering; save from dust furniture,
carriages and pianos. < 142 Highland aye. Or-
ders taken Drapery Department, Emporium.
COME out ' to-day (Sunday) and see Cort-
land Avenue Improvement Club build, finish
and occupy their new hall, corner Cortland
avenue and Folsom st.
DR. E. J. WILLIAMS, electrician, has re-
turned: would be pleased to see her friends
at 472 Stevenson st., cor. Sixth.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic not only cleanses, but
beautifies. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
KAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet • twine, In hank or chain, at lowest '
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland. ;
LADIES,- my monthly - regulator never fails;
trial box, 10c. MRS. E. ROWAN, Milwau-
kee. Wls. ■
SEND for my "New Treatise on the Hair."
free; I dress hair for 23c; good switches. $1;
finest, best quality. $3 50; extra heavy, long,
$5; open Sundays from 9 to 12. G. LED-
ERER, 111 Stockton st. ■
CAL. Institute. 402^4 Geary »t.— Hypnotism
practically taught; diseases and habits cured. I
NEW method massage, electric treatment; ,
heated room. MRS. JOHNSTON, 514^ Geary. |
MRS. HELEN ANDERSON, midwife ' and '
nurse. 365 Fourth St., near Harrison. !
QUINONIA is a powerful nourishment for the
hair. G. LEDERER. 111 Stockton St.
TRUNKS moved. 25c. Commercial Transfer
Co., 22 Stockton St.; phone Main 49.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. nr. Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week; 1
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MISS ANDERSON, graduate. Swedish nurse; j
baths; genuine massage; Swedish movement; :
. ladies, gents. 906 Market St., room 25, 2d floor. j
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made In
Pan Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 635 Clay St.. R. F.
SUIT to order on . easy - installments. L. '
TiEMOB. 1117 Market rt.. bet. 7th and Jth.
$14— to order: samples; try one. KB3U-
HAt'S & CO.. tailors. 115 Keirny St.
CLOAKS and tailor-made suits retailed at j
wholesale fl£-iir«>. JO Snnsome st.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— stylish dresses,
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy st., rm. 88. |
DENTISTS.
FULL set of teeth, $5; painless extraction; see
our combination plate, thin as paper; war-
ranted 10 years: teeth without plates; crown !
and bridge work our specialty; teeth Im- !
planted or transplanted; fillings 50c, crowns
. $3 60; all work painless and warranted. j
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ■
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless '
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact: full set of teeth, $5 up; silver
fillings, 25c up; gold crowns, $3 50 up; your ;
teeth put in without a plate': open evenings. ■
997 Market St., cor. Sixth; 'Phone Jessie 695.. i
NEW YORK Dentists— extraction, 50c; i
plates, $5; gold filling, 75c up: silver, 25c up; j
plates mended, $1 up;, special Inducements
to Klondlkers; open evenings and Sundays.
969 Mission St., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1448 Market, nr. 11th; no
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from $8
per set; extracting 50c: gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-,
■Ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth '
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell. !
ALLEN GRIFFITHS, dentist, has resunled j
. practice. 44 Donohoe bldg. Mark and Taylor.
L. A. TEAGUH, A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg.. 6th floor, ma. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market St.
SET of teeth without a 1 plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. [
COLTON Dental Association. 806 Market st.
DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
LOST.
LOST — February "11. on Broadway, three
checks, Nos. 873. BS2, 891. on Centrß Bank,
from Oakland Iron Works. Return to L.
WARNECKE. Overland House, First and
Broadway,' Oakland, and receive reward.
LOST— San Leandro road. February 11, St.
Bernard bitch, "Florie." Return to W.
CLAUSEN, 1003H Broadway, room 17, Oak-
■ land, and - receive reward. • ■ ■ - ■
LOST— Tuesday noon, Sth inst., fox terrier
bitch, tan spots on head . and body. Return
to 315 Pine st. . and receive reward.
STRAYED— 312 Capp St., half-breed
mastiff pup. Reward by returning same at
above address.
STOLEN— Swanson, Bay View, S. S. F.,
bay mare; 15 hands high, very long tall and
mane; lame in left hind ankle (or hip): par-
ties receiving or having same in possession
. will be vigorously prosecuted. Return to W.
F. C, 1122 York St., city.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernta Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of LENA ROSAIA, No. 218,449.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of FRANCES BOWES, No. 205.496. The
finder will please return to frank.
ELEVENTH, Branch office of The Call;
subscriptions and want ads taken.
"" LOJUUI.VU HOl.^S FOR SALEL
14 ROOMS, on Stockton: clears $125 $1,500
30 rooms; clears $250; new furniture 2,500
27-room corner house; clears $150 I.SOO
.14 rooms, on Ellis st.; make offer 650
7-room flat. on Geary, st 300
36 rooms; rent $75; fine 1.100
22 rooms; offices; clears $300 a month... 2.750
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market. St., opp. Fifth. !
85 ROOMS, all ._nted (corner house), $2000; I
part cash. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
KREDO & CO.. Successful Brokers, 22^4 Geary.
34 rooms: guaranteed to clear $150 $1600
30 rooms; partly offices: clears $200 2500
21 rooms; worth $1200: clears $S0 800
20 rooms; corner Market: full; bonanza.. 850
17 rooms; Powell; clears $75 sure 650
12 rooms; swell boarding; Van Ne55...... 650
11 rooms: elegant; near plaza: 800
9 rooms; best in city 250
6 rooms; elegant home; cost $800 400
SPECIAL BARGAINS. MONEY TO LOAN.
$300— rooms; clears". $50: an eye-opener •
I worth $600; must sell. KREDO & CO. •
PRIVATE rooming house of 6 rooms; 4 rooms
rented: clearing more than rent; price $100.
871 Jessie St., near Fifth. " . .
$450—31 ROOMS; easily worth $1500; a glve-
away, a snap. KREDO & CO., 22>/4 Geary.
BEST-PAYING 50-room lodging-house In the
city; make offer: no trlflers. '402 1 / j Geary st.
NEW MONTGOMERY. Good chance to |
make. money; 80 rooms; rent $76; terms half i
cash, I balance monthly payments.
PRIVATE rooming house. 12 rooms; all rented:
cheap for cash. Address box 991. Call of nee.
FOR SALE— lodging house; 115 rooms. 411
Sansome st. . :
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans
. moves, lays carpets.. G. H. STEVENS. Mgr '
.88 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250. '
WHEN you become disgusted with poor . work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. So. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at Sc.
' STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944. : ■'.•■>
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating,
■alteration works. 413 McAllister. Jessie S2l. .
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 420 Sutter;
tel. . Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, prop.
GREAT t Eastern Steam i Carpet-cleaning
Works. 14 Bth st. B. GRANT; tel. Jessie 801.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st. ; cleaning, 3c a yard; -■ tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
1 Gate aye. ; telephone East 126. ; . ■ .
■ : ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; | divorce laws specialty private;
no • fee •.without,', success; collections, wills,
• probate, , insolvency, ; deeds. • damages, mort-
, gages, ' copartnership, bllls-of-sale, : patents,
trademarks, etc.; established 10 years. G. W.
HOWE, att-at-law. 850 Market, cor.' Stock* in.
PRIVATE matters, Insolvency, collections; free
advice ; open evenings. ■ McCABE, 108 ■ Larlcln
ADVICE I free; -- no I charge - unless I successful. "
, W.W. DAVIDSON. 9J7 Market at. - ___~:
BUSINESS CHANCES.
~sToo^Saloon. best location in city. . .....^
$300— Cor. grocery and bar; Western Addition.
$350— Coal oil route; well established.
$125— Bakery and delicacy store, a. bargain,
. and A^DEf^N^^S. 777 Market^ '
30-ROOM country hotel and bakery.. ......54500
Restaurant, cost $4000. . 0n1y . . .... .v. ••••■• l«»
% Apply to H. C. DECKER, 1025 Market st,
opposite Fifth. .. ' .
$400-HOTEL bar in mining town; receipts $24 J
mine. KREDO & I _22V ? _ G^ry st.
$250-SALOON: bonanza for business ; woman;
$250. cigar stand near Market. KREDO & CO.
$360— SALOON; this is a fine corner, with side
entrance, on leading street; good-paying busi-
ness; satisfactory reason for selling; cneap
rent. CURRAN & CO., 30 Kearny St.
$1500— FOR SALE or exchange: business in San
Francisco, established 25 years; has always
paid well; will exchange for good city or
country real estate; owner desires to retire
from active business. Address box 1089, Call.
THE advertiser, the possessor of an inven-
tion that as . a good business Investment
will stand the strictest investigation, re-
quires a party with capital of $500; an elec-
trician preferred. Box 1110, Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale at a sacrifice; well
established restaurant; operated 8 years by
present owner; has never paid less than $200
per month; owners going to the mines and
mean business. X., box 7. Call, Oakland.
PARTNER wanted in real estate business
clearing $5000 and upward a year: business too
large for one man; office, nicely furnished,
on ground; near new City Hall. For Inter-
view, box 1095, Call office. : ■ -.. ;- J ''... .
$150 INVESTED enables you to Join enterprise
now yielding 150 per cent monthly; no stock
or Klondike scheme; safe, practical success.
David Sloane, 110 St. Paul st., Baltimore, Md,
PLAY the races on our new system; $60 a
week on $100 capital guaranteed or no charra
for services. • The American Turf Bureau,
rooms 6 and 6, 850 Market St., San Francisco.
WANTED— A man to earn $100 by giving ex-
perienced accountant Information leading to
tils employment at any kind of office work
by reliable house. Address' box 1112.
PARTY with small capital to Join In Alaska
mercantile and shipping business; best refer-
ences. A. ATWOOD. 1215 Call building.
WOOD. coal, feed store; good bargain.
SALOON, with rooms; private entrance*
rent $25. 666 Mission St., near Third.
RELIABLE man, light business; will
clear $5 to $10 per day; no risk. Address
Bona Fide, box 1107, Call office.
PROSPEROUS grocery business at one-half
. price: a bargain; see it. Address Owner,
box 1098. Call office.
BLACKSMITH shop for sale or rent; estab-
lished 15 years. Address H. MATTHIESEN,
Livermore, Cal. f-x'-'X-
LOCKSMITH and hardware business; cheap |
central location; established 15 years. Box
1093, Call office.
FOR sale cheap— Saloon corner Folsom and
Sherman sts. MRS. McGREW, 1035 Folsom,
PARTNER wanted; second-hand furniture and
store fittings. Address box 1091, Call office,
PLUMBING ' shop; cheap; going to Alaska.
1631 Church st., near Twenty-ninth.
NICE little shoe store and repairing shop for
sale. 4102 Nineteenth st.
GOOD paying restaurant for sale cheap. 681
Mission st.
$5000— PARTNER wanted In the manufacturing
of staple goods; trade entirely wholesale; in-
coming partner will be required to keep books
of the firm, receive all moneys and make all
payments; responsible business man required.
CURRAN & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
JOHN A. WAN PELT has opened an office at
the Russ House, rooms 64 and 63; he baa
pislness for sale; free gold property, rooming
houses, groceries and saloons. Come see Wan.
Pring your pislness with you, sell or buy.
WAN PELT.
$125 ILL buy a good barber business in god
location; rent cheap. Box 1069, Call.. .
CIGAR-store; NW. corner California and
Kearny sts.
ROOMING house, 20 rooms; all occupied; pay-
ing business: must sell on account of sick-
ness. 30S Tahama St., near Fourth.
DRUGSTORE doing a good business; slck-
ness cause of sale. E. E. BUNCE. 90S
Broadway, Oakland..
WANTED — saloon or chop house : whole-
sale district preferred; no agents. Box 1084.
Call office.
ESTABLISHED tailoring business for sal*
cheap. CHARLES NATHAN, 17 Post it.
PARTNER with $300; sure thing to xnaka
money. Box 1056, Call office. • \- r-
SALOON for sale cheap. Inquire liquor star*.
. 795 Mission st. ■ • • ...,.<■,.--..'.
GROCERS— Large space, with fixtures, suit-
able for grocery, dairy and produce. in Pearl
Market, 1515 Howard st.; cheap rent.
HOTEL and liquor business in a suburb at a
local road terminus; good bar trade. which A
may be easily doubled by a man who un- ■
derstands • the liquor business; price $3000 1
one-half may remain at 8 per cent. For par-
ticulars Inquire BAKER & MAHRHOFFER.
14 Third st.
PAINT shop, cheap; good locality, 1313 "Van
Ness aye. Call at 6 p. m.
PARTY to take charge of business In owner's
absence. 606 Montgomery, . room 18.
PARTNER wanted as cashier, good paying
restaurant: daily receipts $40. Box 1010. Call.
BRANCH bakery, 4 living rooms, cheap; rent
$15; account of sickness. 1751 Hyde st.
PATENTS— Send for "Hints on Inventing."
EDGAR TATE & CO., Patent Solicitors, 243
Broadway, New York.
PATENTS.
SMITH & OSBORN, Resist' d Patent Agents;
established 1862. 319 Pine St.. city.
PORTLAND agency this paper. • Inquire this
office or at 133 Third St., Portland, Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st
$1 — Large sunny furnished room, bath;
closet: private. 314 Fifth st.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
KLONDIKE^ * " * ~~^ .^
Wanted — 15 more men to so to Dawson
City, leaving here about March 1 in the
employ of the Alaska Transportation. Trad-
i ing and Mining Company; steady employ-
ment guaranteed on reaching Alaska; $500
cash required. For particulars call at com-
pany's offices, rooms 20 and 2L Chronicle
building, San Francisco.
KLONDlKE— Vegetable grower wishes an ac-
• tive or silent partner to grow forced vege-
tables in Klondike; is able to do this In three
months: this is the richest mine in Alaska: »
what is the matter with growing 15,000,000
cabbages and selling them at Klondike price?
New method to grow them quick. Address
Klondike, box 12, Call office, Oakland.
ALASKA Caisson Mining and Trading Com-
pany: office No. 37 Crocker bid.. S. F.—
company proposes river mining for gold In
Yukon River by. means of superior invention,
to establish sawmills and machine shops and
work with great . profit in other directions.
Call or write: full particulars. Shares. $10.
LARGE Newfoundland dog:: suitable for Klon-
dike: 19 months old: broken to sled; $100; no
■ cheaper. Box 1097. Call.
ALASKA— Good man wants grub stake: $509;
will give full amount in Oakland real es-
tate Box 1105. Call Office.
WHAT you must — The only makers of the
- genuine Klondike moccasin on this coast.
! Pacific Shoe Co.. 139 First st.
■KLONDIKE— For sale, cheap, fine St. Bernard
; dog. J5 months old: two feet high. Address
box 1104. , Call , office. . •-.,-..
"KLONDIKE"— placer miners wish fare
I and provisions; give good farming land as
. security or sell same. Box 1074. Call. . " ,
YOUNG woman desires to Join an Alaskan ex-
peditlon. Address box 1102. Call office.
NEWFOUNDLAND dog for Klondike for sale;
; 2 years old. 625 Goueh st.
MINERS' party making up for gold, field. 1238
Market, room 126.
WANT 25 men who will go to a favorite point
' in Alaska. - E. E. BUNCE. rnK Broadway.
Oakland. Cal.
DYEA^br Skaguay ticket for sale: party
changed mind: steamer sails on or about 15th.
Address box 1038. Call office. I::;- ~ c -?"\
KLONDIKE ' provisions. , lowest prices, packed
and df'livered to boats. . BBARBORO & CO..
; wholesale and retail grocers. 531 Washington.
SEWING MACHINES. ,
$2 MONTHLY— repaired, bought, sold;
I machine supplies. 145 Sixth st. phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds ; bought, sold, . exchanged, rented; i
repairing: lowest rates. 206 Fourth st. •%
• STORAGE. •
I AT .' low rates— Furniture. carpets, pianos.
• household ! goods; clean, light compartments;
advances ? made. 'J. - NOONAN, 1017 to 1013
Mission st.. above Sixth; -open evenings.
■ AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
■.' vances made; fireproof - building. F. '. W.
[ SSBFUSS. 840 Mission st. TeL Mint 1321.PCITY RE.^li ESTATE.
O. H. VMBSEN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE. AGENTS.
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
LIST riFFERENT IN,' EACH NEWSPAPER.
CHEAP HOME.
$900— Cozy cottage and lot: street sewered
and n icadamlsed; only 5 minutes' walk from
■ Mission and Valencia st. cars.
FILLMORE-ST. BUILDING LOT.
SllOt' — a fine bargain; i7:6xll0; street accepted;
on lire of electric road; fine location for fiats;
this is a snap.
RICHMOND LOT— MUST BE SOLD.
JU"<}— Good speculation at this price; we In-
vite an offer; 75x12ii; Williamson st., near !
Geary; street graded, macadamized and sew- :
ered.
CHEAP LOT ON CAPP ST.
$1450— Capp St., near Sixteenth; street ac- j
cented; stone sidewalk laid.
SOUTHSIDE INVESTMENT.
IlSOO— Rents $336 per annum; house in 3 tene-
ments and lot; street accepted.
GOOD SMALL INVESTMENT.
12500— Rents J264 per annum: 2 fiats of 4
rooms each; 25xSS:6; Green st. ; near several !
lines of cars; always rented; street accepted.
,>, MISSION HOME-BARGAIN.
$3000— Substantial 2-story bay-window resi-
dence of 7 rooms, bath and basement and lot; :
Dolores St.. the Van Ness avenue of the Mis- j
sion; must be sold on account of foreclosure ;
of mortgage.
RESIDENCE IN WESTERN ADDITION— i
,„ EASY TERMS.
$0350-Pjne st.; nice 2-story bay-window resi-
dence of S> rooms and- bath. etc. ; street ac-
cepted by the city; very nice location.
„„. ELEGANT CORNER LOT. :
■ 'XT Elegant boulevard corner residence lot
on Baker st. ; 37:6x96:10; this Is a snap.
ii-^L CRIF 5 CE , AT NORTH BEACH.
$42.0- May take less; must be sold; 4 flats
Btre<M * Per monln; lot running to rear !
■— .^^ayrc-BTBgET CORNER.
$4500— Good corner for baker; double cottage
of 6 and 5 rooms and bath each with high
?al-5? a 1-5, m l nt CoUld "* cony into store; lot
fc>xbo. both streets accepted; business locality. :
__, _ FORECLOSURE SAX-E.
■ 750— Rents $570 per annum; 2 elegant nearly
r mTk JJr%? O 5 °° ms and bat :
°OD WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT
J.-aO— 3 substantial modern flats of 6, 5 and
4 rooms and bath each; rents about $800 per an-
num; 2^x87:6; street accepted. > --^*
«, . OWNER GOING TO EUROPE.
$12,500— 2-story and basement; modern resi-
dence cf 10 rooms, 2 baths, etc; 25x137:6; Post
St.. Dot a short distance from Market; $3000
can remain on mortgage.
A SPLENDID WESTERN ADDITION COR-
» c ~« ■«, NER INVESTMENT.
m $15,000— Ren $1300 per annum; 4 substantial
*-Btory and basement house of 8 -rooms and
bath each; brick foundation; all modern im- '
provements; both streets accepted- 87x82:6:
splendid location.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records," which contains a list of properties
for sale in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
■ 14 Montgomery st.
UNIMPROVED Property.
$450—47x125, Sagamore St., equal to two lots,
cheap; easy terms; will sell for $400 cash.
$350— 25? 100, Army st., near York.
$900— lots, 25x100 each. Prague st. Where
can you buy level lots near electric cars for
$150 each?
$1100 each— Castro St., near Twenty-
second; ready to build on.
$1500— 32Vix117 to an alley, Sanchez st-, near
Twenty-fourth; . $1300 mortgage can stand.
$i)oo— Noe St., northeast corner Day, 25x80;
street graded, macadamized and sewered.
$W0— 25x114, Hill St., near Castro; line view;
small cash payment.
$150 and upward — Homestead lots.
Improved Property.
$1500—60x100, two lots, with nice cottage of
three rooms and bath. Richland avenue, eas»
of South avenue B. H. ; easy terms.
$3000— This is of interest; lot 25x125; new 2-
Btoi-y house of 7 rooms and hath; price In-
cludes a gas machine worth $300 and the fur-
n.ture of 5 rooms worth several hundred
dollars; hot and cold water; $300 down, bal-
ance easy at 6 per cent per annum; a bar- ]
gain for some couple about to begin house- |
keeping; no furniture to buy; no gas bill to !
pay. \
$1650— Cuvier st., off Mission, 25x100;
house one year eld; five rooms and bath;
small cash payment" neighborhood of new
houses.
■ — 35-foot front; a corner lot on Cres-
cent aye.; beautiful modern improved cot-
■ tage of five rooms, bath and laundry: $75
mantel: stairway to attic; S-foot basement;
-terms reasonable.
$1500 — Fine cottage of six rooms and bath;
lot 37x12;".. Lobos st., near Orizaba; Railroad
Homestead Association; cost $2400: can be hun
tor a small cash payment; owner's business
takes him to the country.
$2300— Cottage of live rooms and bath, high '
basement; lot 25x114; 125 Valley St.. between '
Dolores and Church; quiet neighborhood;
terms $500. balance $25 per .month; other
terms can be made.
Apply to T. V. CREIGHTON, 1139 Valencia
et-. corner Twenty-third; office open evenings.
■ BIG VALUE IN i
■ Real Estate at •
A. M. SPECK & CO."S, 602 Market.
I<nann. 6 to 8% per cent; insurance, etc
'- $125,00*. ■ —
Business property; gilt edge; one tenant; rent
$700.
$100,000.
Corner; 73 feet, with new improvements: near
Orphenm; for secured tenant; rents $700.
$110,000.
S0xl» feet, within block of Tivoll.
$75,000.
Corner; 200x127:8; on Leavenworth St.; partly
improved ; rents $500. ■
$35,000.
Cor; 220x100; vicinity Mission and 16th
$30,000.
70- foot corner on Powell st, few blocks from
Orpheum.
$20,000. ;:;■.; .i;
Cor. business property; rents $1800 (new Im- j
provements).
$14,000.
—Fine investment near the Maze; rents $1200.—
$2600.
Two-story house, stable and largo lot on
Pine st-
$2300 — Four flats; rents $32.
Other Bargains. Other Bargains.
A. M. SPECK & CO.
A. M. SPECK & CO.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room A, First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$100. $150 to $250— Level lots to build on; near
Mission st. electric cars: only $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ a BROTHER.
~ SUNSET HEIGHTS lots.
$300, $400, $450 to $Sso— Graded lots and streets:
splendid view of park; $25 down and $10 ,
(monthly- SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$400. $450 to $800— Choicest building lots in
Richmond; perfect bargains; buy now: easy in-
stallments. SOL OETZ & BROTHER.
$1400 to $2200— Several nearly new 4 to 6 room
; modern cottages; best locations in Richmond ,
and Sunset Heights districts; easy terms.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$225— BARGAIN— Lot on graded street near !
. car line, Sunnycide.
Call for maps and diagrams. .
' SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Crocker Building.
HUT - ••> ;V * _i/'.'
"GRAND home and residence; good corner
Western Addition; lot 30x100; house 3-story, 12
rooms and basement; very modern make; 3
good flats; at a sacrifice. BOODY & SLA-
VEN, 23, second floor. Mills building. j
HAVE YOU BOUGHT ■ I
ONE OF THOSE HOMES —
IN THE HEYMAN TRACT? •
No? Then you are just the person we would
like to talk to. We would like to show you
the best investment you can ever make. We j
have 2 new 5- room and bath cottages, Just 1
built (we've built over 70 in the last two or |
three years). These houses can be had for the
monthly rent money you are now throwing
away. Splendid homes these are, finely fin-
ished; in good locality: easy to street cars;
streets sewered, graded and laid with water and \
■ran pipes. Take Mission-st. cars, transfer to 22d
St.. to Hoffman aye. and ask for Mr. James
Cotter, resident agent, who will show you the i
property. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery ;
st., will give all particulars.
CHICKEN ranch, containing 15 fine level lots, j
. at a bargain; 3 blocks from electric road; $10
monthly. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery.
26:6x100— CORNER Noe and 23.1 : One business i
corner; all street work done; easy payments.
.JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st. i
BUT a lot— What better investment? For $1 ;
down and $1 a week we will sell you the I
choice of 30 lots near Golden Gate Park: only
$100 each; 12 already sold; electric road soon j
to pa£3 these lots. JACOB HEYMAN. 11
Montgomery st.
$00 AND upward— Building lots close to car
lines; $5 monthly. JACOB HEYMAN, 11
Montgomery st.
$00 DOWN and $13 35 monthly will buy a new
- 4-room and bath cottage, just built, with
' level lot; convenient to cars; good neighbor- !
hood; 5 already sold. JACOB JIKYMAN, 11 ,
> .Montgomery- st. ■
. $2600- MAKE AN OFFER. .: ~~~ -
Liberty. 122. near Guerrero— rooms; 25x114;
good neighborhood: fine view; mortgage foi
, $1500. CRIM & CO.. 118 Montgomery st.
• WE have 10 or 12 men with $10CO to $20,000 who j
. . want to buy a business, city or country, that
they can make a living out of. If you want
to sell your business or property, no matter •
what it may be, call and see us, as. It may
suit some of our clients and. effect for you an
• immediate sale. HENDERSON REALTY j
' COMPANY. 408 McAllister, st. ... . .". . ■:<
•16 LARKIN Branch office of The Can.
Subscriptions and want ads taken. ' .. : / j
CITY .lEAL ESTATE. V-
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agenta; '
established 1858; 626 Market st.
Elegant business investement; Stockton st., i
bet. O'Farrell and Market; 4-story brick: Al
tenants; netting over 6V4 per cent on asking :
price.
Several business investments, from $40,000 to
100,000, in downtown property; call at office 1
for particulars.
■ ; $7000 — Elegant residence, 7 rooms and bath; >
lot 34:10x117; on west side Howard, near 2Jth.
Grand comer — Van Ness aye. and McAllister ;
! et.; 109x120, with improvements; must be sold. |
Down-town investment— Bush St., between
! Montgomery and Kearny; 3-story building; lot
■ 04:4xii2:6; make an offer.
j $13,000— Land alone worth the money; Bush,
near Devisadero; lot 103:6x137:6.
To close an estate— Southwest corner Six-
teenth and Hardy sts.; store and flats; renting
for $1S; lot 30xs5; price $7500; make offer.
3 flats, inside; Larkin, near Geary: new; lat- j
improvements; good-size lot: centrally lo- 1
! cated; rents $110 per month, paying over 5
per cent net; a rare opportunity for a good
1 investment; price $12,500.
! $4500— st., near Devisadero; 7 rooms and j
: bath; lot 23x137 :&
$2700— Church St., near Twenty-first; cottage !
! 5 rooms and bath; lot 26x120.
j $2000— House and large stable: Twenty-fifth !
! St., near Douglass; lot 50x114.
$1050— Cottage and lot. 326 Virginia aye., near |
Mission st.; large lot.
$3000— $24; Perry St., near 4th; lot 25xS0.
$3500— Rents $36 per month; Clementina St.,
i near Third; lot 25x80.
We have a large list of cottages at less than ;
! cost that must be sold for benefit of loan asso- |
: ciations; call at office for permit to inspect.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on Haight and Octavla sts., 1 block
I oft Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent.
I $7500— bet. Sanchez and Noe; 60x103:6.
Corner, only $2250; California and Locust sts.;
: 37: fix 107:7.
Residence: corner lot; NE cor. of Bush and
Lynn sts.: 25x100: price $3000; make offer.
Near corner Leavenworth and Sacramento;
37:6x78:11; elegant location for flats; $2500.
$3000 Corner Lombard and Octavia; 46:6x100.
$2730— Clay St., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
$2000— 25th St., west of Diamond; 80x114.
$1750_i;nion. near Webster: 25x100.
$12. ,i>— Sixteenth St., near Castro; 25x100.
jIOOO— Fourth aye., near Point Lobos; 25x120.
$900— Californja St., near Twelfth aye.; 25x100.
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market St.
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine st., opp.
i the Nevada Bank building.
! $2700— Renting at $28; two 2-story houses, near ;
' Pacific and Taylor sts.; always rented.
j Renting at $65; two 2-story stylish, high |
basement houses; 8 rooms and bath each; lot :
33x96%; in prominent part of the Western Addi- j
tion; a snap.
$.1250— A magnificent double flat of modern
! construction, on a corner, opposite Panhandle
i Park; rent $67 50.
! $16.000— Renting at $160; a nearly new 3%-story
modern built apartment house of 42 rooms; 6 j
baths and other modern conveniences; lot 44
x 37:6: a. splendid investment.
$10,000 — Ninth st., near Mission; 2-story and
! basement ; lot 25x75.
Only 2 left of 2-story and basement double
flats of 5 and 6 rooms each; near Sixth and
Bryant Bts.; renting at $25; for sale at $2400
j each; the biggest bargain out.
$15,500— Fine McAUlster-st. property; rent
$130; 2 stores below: 2 -flats upstairs and large .
lot ; best business portion of the street.
Howard St., near Second; lot 25x85; old
improvements; rent $37.
$15,000— Downtown business property:' rent
$170; 2 stores below and lodgings upstairs.
$5500— Rent $56: fine double flat of 6 and 7
rooms, near Steiner and Pine sts. ; first-rate in-
vestment. '
■At a reduction to $5950 from $6500. rent $60,
4 flats of 4 and 6 rooms; lot 28x125 feet to rear
street; on Geary st., near Devisadero.
At a reduction to $6150: rent $47; a business
property; fine 3-story house on Geary st.,
j one block from Fillmore: store and rooms be- 1
1 low and two separate flats upstairs; paying
over 9 per cent.
$25,500 will buy an elegant business corner,
paying good rent, and is sure to improve to
1 $50,000.
$5000— Fronting on the Panhandle Park;
lovely house of . 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x100.
Only a few days more and the chance to buy
that tine property of 130 feet on Guerrero st. by
225 feet back to 2d aye. and 200 feet on 2d aye.,
between 15th and loth sts., with the 12 ele-
: gant flats and factory will be withdrawn.
Reduced to $4000 from $6000; 2-story and base- !
ment brick house on a principal street 4 blocks
from Market St.: 25xS0: rent $35.
$1100— Cottage on the Potrero and lot 25x100;
on installments very cheap.
At $1600— Lot 24x100 feet, on 17th street, a few
doors west from Folsom street, with a stable.
UNIMPROVED.
$1600- Pine St., near Lyon; lot 30:5x87:6;
ready for building; good surrounding. '
; $550— Noe st., near Thirtieth. 30x112. •
$3100— corner lot on Fillmore.
$SoO— Noe St.. near Thirtieth: lot 36:6x75:
| — — — .
ITS A GOOD TIME TO BUY I
and
HERE ARE SOME GOOD BUYS'.!
A fine 6-room cottage on the east side of
Fillmore St., near Fell; lot 25x100; price $4600;
easy terms.
Near the Park Panhandle— modern
flats in Al condition; rented for $60 monthly;
lot 25x120; street bitumlnlzed and accepted;
price only $6250; a bargain.
Oak-st. fiats. Oak, near Laguna— flats
running through to Lily aye.; lot 25x120 feet;
rented for $90 monthly; price $11,000.
-Seventh st., bet. Howard and Folsom:
1 3-story building, store and rooms above; good
income property; lot 25x80.
Pacific Heights— Seven beautiful building lots,
southwest corner of Devisadero and Vallejo
j sts.; $100 per front foot; sightly lots and low- j
priced.
Presidio Heights— Any size lot. on Clay St.,
' near Cherry; price reduced to $55 per front foot;
very cheap.
CHEAP LOTS! CHEAP LOTS!
The northeast corner of Sanchez and Jersey
sts., 33x75; price reduced to $1100.
Church St., near Sixteenth, 25x75 feet; street
; work done and acepted; only $1500.
$1050— On Fourteenth St., bet. Noe and Cas- ;
I tro; lot 26x115 feet; Ftreet work done. ;
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st., San Francisco, Cal.
BIGGEST BARGAINS EVER OFFERED.
I
$110,000— Market St., inside Ninth st., 50x165. j
$18,500— RENTS $130.
Valencia st. business property: 50x110; un- i
der lease; elegant Improvements; mortgage j
$0000 at 6% per cent can remain; offer wanted; |
must be sold; a rare bargain.
$30,000— Market st. property, close to Van
Ness aye., 27:6-foot front; rents $90. .
$5600— Opposite Alta Plaza: ■ elegant cottage
I home; Scott .st., few feet from Jackson; land
' alone worth the money.
. $50.0C0— RENT $300.
Close to Orpheum; big value. , y:
RENT $80.
REDUCED FROM $9500. .
Howard, st. business property, near Sixth; ,
must be sold within next few days; forced '
sale. BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
' 628 Market St., opposite Palace Hotel.
I CHOICE BUSINESS INVESTMENT ■ ]
Finest location on McAllister St.; lot 82:6x120
' feet, to rear street; rents $130: with whole lot
! improved this property will pay, 10 per cent; a
gilt-edge proposition and is sure to Improve; ;
positively a bargain; see it.
H. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
jDO YOU WANT A HOME- . — —
! FOR LITTLE MONEY?
I Only $7T<o— Neat hard-finished cottage of 4
rooms, with street work done; good location;
near cars; a bargain; see it.
J ■ H. MURPHY. 62S Market St.
I ONLY $1300! ONLY $1330! — ~~TH^ j
■ ' . COST $3000 — . COST $3000.
Nice bay-window ■ cottage of 6 rooms tn<l
bath: brick foundation, cement walks around
; the house and in front; street work done; good
; location; 1 block from cars in Oakland; don't
> ' fail to see this. : ■ s--v
I H. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON Lyon st., '.- between McAllister st. and i
Golden Gate aye., new.7-room cottages, beau-
tifully decorated; bath and laundry.
CC. BEMIS. rT: '. ~~ ! 7~~7 ~~
, REAL ■ ESTATE \ AND LAND AGENT
324 MONTGOMERY ST. i
FOR S ALB. '
■ Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
seventh sts. ; dote to electric road.
$5000— G*od corner for store: must be sold:
lot 52:4x60 feet. < .
$6700—50x127:6 feet on Jackson st:, overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
EO-vara on Page St.; panhandle of park, n; \
. — Choice building lots north of park.
Barsraln — Southwest - cor. Fifth aye. and C '
it. ; 109x95 feet. • : ■ : ■ : " . - " - .- j
NEW house, 7 rs., bath; easy terms; Mission; 1
swap, part paymt for lot. BABIN, 413 Kearny.
2 FLATS and large lot for sale cheap. Inquire ;
meat market, 576 Howard st. .
CHOICE residence site, fronting Buena Vista |
park; best marine and land view; large 1
j grounds: select neighborhood; easy of access; '
sheltered, from winds and fog; warm belt; I
southeast corner South Broderlck and • Buena
; Vista avenue: 2 blocks from Haight and Ba- '
• ker. C. E. FARNUM. .305 Parrott building. '
CHOICE business * property. NW corner - Mis- :
- sion and Spear sts.. 45:10 by. 117:8; must be
: disposed of. H. , SCH WERIN. - 546 Clay. ,; <;;
339 HAVES . ST.— Branch office .of The Call. ,-
Subscriptions and ads taken.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1898.
CITY REAL ESTATE.;
BALDWIN & HOWELL, TT T~~ ;, ~
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
$5000— $47; Pine St., nr. Franklin; 2 flats
of 4 and 5 rooms and bath each; also cottage
on rear street; lot has 2 frontages.
$S2so— New modern residence on Gough St.,
nr. Broadway; contains 12 rooms, bath and
all modern conveniences; lots of sunshine and
splendid neighborhood. --
$3000— Tehama St., nr. Eighth; 2-story frame
building, containing 8 rooms; also 2-story house
of 8 rooms in rear; rent $35; lot 26x75.
$9000— A bargain; Post st., nr. Van Ness aye.;
2-story residence of 10 rooms and bath; lot
27:6x120. -. ?.,N
Vallejo St., nr. Buchanan; lot 27:6 x
137:6, with a good 2-story residence of 10 rooms
and bath; mortgage $4500; would exchange I
equity for city property.
$9000— Lot 137:6xia7:8»4; northeast corner of
California and Walnut sts.; improvements of
small value.
$96,000— Total rent, ■ $SSOO per annum; ■ promi-
nent Slxth-st. corner, not far from Market st. ;
substantial Improvements, stores and lodging-
house; extra large lot.
$20.000— A good investment; Geary-st. corner;
down town; rents $111; Improvements fair.
Corner Castro and Jersey sts.; 10t.30x
114; cottage of 4 rooms on rear of lot; Castro-
st. frontage vacant; good business corner.
$2600— Great bargain; Clement St., nr. Fourth
aye.; modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath; on
sunny side of street; lot 25x100; terms to suit.
$4800— Cheapest flats In the Western Addition;
rents $45; lot 25xS0; street work done; flats con-
tain 5 and 6 rooms and bath each; Park Pan-
handle district.
$8000— Rent $85; Natoma st., nr. Sixth; lot
25x75, with 3-story building containing store
and 4 flats above of 4 rooms each; improve-
ments are in splendid condition.
$8200— Fillmore st., nr. Haight; 4 flats of 4
and 5 rooms an* bath each; rent $70; lot 48x83.
$6750 — Rent $774 per year; • business property;
always rented; choice investment on Folsom
St.. bet. Third and Fourth; lot has 2 frontages;
pays a splendid rate of interest and bound to
Increase in value.
$4000— Rent $480 per annum; lot 33:9x80; 2-
story building, store- and flats above; land
alone worth the price asked; Bryant St., nr.
Fourth.
$4260— Rented low at $48: 3 flats and 2-story
house In rear; 4, 4, 4 and 3 rooms; Paclflc-st.
corner, nr. Taylor; steadily rented.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery St.
$700 CASH, balance in monthly Installments,
will buy the most attractive home, built this
year; Twenty-fifth St.. nr. Church; lot
25:11x114; nicely arranged 2-story residence of
8 rooms, bath, etc.; best plumbing; hand-
somely decorated walls; no expense has been
spared; the house must be seen to be appre-
ciated; open for inspection Sundays.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
A— s6soo; CORNER house at the park; c-ily cor-
. ner unsold of 6 just completed; very hand-
somely finished; marble steps . and built by
day work; every possible convenience and
every room sunny; terms to suit. Apply AL-
BERT W ILFORD. cor. Shrader and Beulah
sts.. 2 blocks south of Haight, from 1 to 4.
IF YOU INTEND BUILDING let me submit
an estimate, with plans and specifications;
no charge; best of references, bonds, etc. W.
W. KEDNALL. Builder. 1326 Hayes st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
country aeal estate.
DO~YOU~~WANT~~
A Fruit. Grain or Grazing Ranch?
Select one from the Bank of Woodland. Lands
offered at less than foreclosure prices
IN CAPAY VALLEY.
The earliest fruit section, well settled and only
00 miles from San Francisco by rail.
FRUIT AND GRAIN LAND.
88^4 acres near Winters $17 50 per acre
2030 acres near Esparto $20 00 per acre
160^4 acres near Tancred $20 00 per acre
101 acres near Winters 122 50 per acre
131 acres near Madison $30 00 per acre
320 acres near Winters ....$3O 00 per acre
161H acres near Capay $40 00 per acre
ALSO
12S0 acres near Swingles $ 2 25 per acre
480 acres near Merritta $16 50 per acre
240 acres near Dunnlgan $11 00 per acre
ALSO
1103 acres near Willows $27 50 per acre
800 acres near Anderson, Sacra-
mento River bottom $16 50 per acre
GRAZING LAND.
529?% acres flanking Capay Valley.s4 00 per acre
4520 acres flanking Capay Valley. s2 75 per acre
376S acres adjoining Capay Val.s2 "5 per acre
2SOO acres adjoining Capay Val. 5" per acre
7920 acres near Red Bluff $2 00 per acre
. . McAFEE BROS..
JOS Montgomery St., San Francisco.^ Cal.
CHEAPEST OLIVE FARMS -.
IN THE STATE.
Trees in full bearing; places well Improved.
80 acres, 65 in olives, San Joaquin Co., price
only $6000.
160 acres, 70 In olives, Calaveras Co.. price
only $5000. - \-.-\ '■■-■
IN SUBDIVISIONS! !
IN SUBDIVISIONS! !
AT ASSESSED VALUE! !
■■:,V:.'. , AT ASSESSED VALUE! !
• A grand opportunity — offer for sale 5000
acres of the estate of Sarah Blake (deceased)'
In subdivisions at exactly the County Assessor's
valuation. There is no better land in the State
for GRAIN. FRUIT, VEGETABLES and AL-
FALFA. It lies on the Merced River, on the
line of the proposed Merced and Yosemite Val-
ley Railroad, and has unsurpassed possibilities
for supplying the great mountain and Yosem-
lte Valley trade with fruit, vegetables and
dairy products. Just think of it.
In plats of 33 acres and upward.
At prices from $3 to $20 per acre.
Write now for particulars to
McAFEE BROS.,
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco, Cal.
SWEENY RANCH, ~ ~
NEAR REDWOOD CITY, SAN MATED
COUNTY.
We will subdivide the celebrated ranch of
the late Miles D. Sweeny in tracts of 100 acres
or less; rich soil for fruit, grain and vege-
tables; plenty of water; this property imme-
diately adjoins Redwood City and is only one
hour's ride from San Francisco: suitable for
small homefarms; prices below all former
quotations and upon unusually easy terms.
For particulars call or address
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market St.. San Francisco.
Or our branch office at Redwood City.
MOUNTAIN VIEW LANDS
for suburban homes.
Especially adapted to raising deciduous
fruits and vegetables: we have a few choice
subdivisions of 10 to 20 acres each in the New-
hall & Wide tract, which we off-r at extremely
low prices and on very easy terms; small cash
payment; balance monthly:- one and a half
miles from Mountain View station. Apply for
full particulars to
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
633 Market St., San Francisco.
Or WOOSTER & WHITTON.
7 West Santa Clara st., San Jose. ■
$6000—90 ACRES, Napa County, nr. St. Helena;
18 acres wine grapes on resistant stock;
small orchard, grain land, some timber, liv-
ing creek; house 4 rooms, barn, wine cellar,
30,000 gallons cooperage, wine press and
pumps; 2 springs. 1 piped to house; 4 horses,
harness, wagon, farm tools; all fenced ; owner
non-resident, hence low price; easy terms.
j $3000 Bearing orchard of 20 acres, nr. Tulare
City; water for irrigation; fence, but no build-
ings; easy terms; a rare chance for a dead
bargain.
1 Orange County, nr. Anaheim — acres superb
land'; 20 acres 7-year-old choice walnuts; 40
acres sugar beets: sugar factory within 2 miles;
irrigation from flowing artesian well on the
place; a splendid buy; $10,000. only $3000 cash,
balance long time at low interest; or will ex-
change for San Francisco property unincum-
bered. GEORGE A. RAYMOND.
Real Estate, ' 210 Sansome st. '
CHICKEN ranch for sale cheap; home and
wagon, 150 laying hens, Incubator, brooder.
Improvements: house. 10 rooms, part rented.
Inquire 1618 Everett St., Alameda; broad
gauge Park st. station.
$5 DOWN, $5 monthly, no Interest,' no .taxes,
for fine 10-acre tracts of fruit land I near Au-
burn, Placer County; over 750 acres sold.
JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
$450—160 ACRES; nearly all level land; 20 acres
in cultivation; 100 acres fenced; house and
barn; running water: 2% miles from P. O. ;
Lake Co. C. F. MOORE. 935 Market st.
MILL VALLEY— For. sale, house, furnished or
unfurnished: very reasonable; lot £oxlso. Ad-
dress box 884. Call Office. '
SECTION of fine redwood timber; less than
Government price. 911 Magnolia St., Oakland.
SUMMER boarding-house and ; ranch. Sierra
Nevada Mountains. A. J. INGALLS, Chi-
! cago Park. Nevada County, Cal. -
A BARGAIN. . MUST. BE SOLD.
125 ACRES located on county road, one-half
mile north of Redwood ' City (known as
, WELLESLY PARK).
Offer ' wanted Immediately.
APPLY COMPANY'S OFFICE.
• 1008 CLAUS SPRECKELS BUILDING.
WANTED to rent— dairy in suitable lo-
cation for shipping milk to San Francisco;
. give particulars; cash rent. Address A. 8.,
. box 1034. Call. . -. ; ,'
2 SMALL ranches In Santa Cruz mountains, 7Vj
miles from Santa Cruz. Address W. E.
FALKER, 646 Ocean St., Santa Cruz. ;
$5 PER acre, 160 acres good bottom land. Coos
County; half value. CURRAN, 30 Kearny.
FOR sale — 3889-acre ranch at $50; crops. Imple-
! ments, stock, water ditch and water, switch
on the ranch and 11-acre fine lemon : and or-
ange grove. 8 years old. In full bearing; pos-
sess at once. . ■ Particulars ' address C. ' PAR-
MENTER. Winters. Cal. Wanted— for 3
j years, 6 per cent; real estate security; no agrts.
LITTLE homes close Ito town; improved: easy
terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces on 8 and 10
years' credit. D. H. TWING. Sonoma City;
every Monday at 632 Market St., S. F. '';..?.;
2000 ACRES of coal land In one body for sale.
For particulars apply to NEIL MUNRO. Rus»
House. ■ 141 ■ Montgomery St.. ,8. F.. ■ Cal. , : - -■■. \
BOOK and list of cheap ■ land free. : M. -M.
GRIFFIN. ; Cotton wood. Shasta County. Cal. :
627 MONTGOMERY ■ St.. branch office of the
; Call; want ads ; and subscriptions taken. ,;:\.;
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE— Continued
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
David Bush, Manager Country Department,
•. 14 Montgomery st.
$6500—24 acres near Livermore: 12 acres in or-
chard: balance grain land: good buildings and
with all stocks and tools; will exchange for San
Francisco property.
For Exchange— A finely Improved income pro-
ducing ranch of 230 acres near. Marysvllle; 55
acres in bearing orchard; balance good grain
and alfalfa land, with flne Improvements of
every description and completely equipped with
stock and tools: value $16,000; no mortgage;
will exchange for San Francisco property and
assume mortgage. v
For Exchange— Half a block north of Market
pt.: suitable for flats or stores; 75 feet front-
age; will exchange for well-located residence
property in San Mateo.
■ Call or send for our new circular.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
11% ACRES. 600 feet from San Leandro road,
this side of Elrhhurst. at a sacrifice. C. K.
KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
10 ACRES. Sunol, very cheap; good house; fine
orchard, creek -and springs. C. K. KING, 902
Broadway, Oakland.
5 ACRES, Haywards; house and barn; only
$1200. C. K. KING. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
i 143 ACRES, San Mat-" County, near Palo Alt'..
$4500: to trade; great bargain. C. K. KING,
m Broadway. Oakland. ■
SONOMA County, ranch and summer resort,
150 acres; great bargain; to trade. C. K.
KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
160 ACRES near Llvermore, $3250; SO acres. Llv-
ermore. $4500. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway.
Oakland. . ■
PIEDMONT aye.. corner, 13-room house, large
lot. 145x164; for sale. C. K. KING. 902 Broad-
way. Oakland^ .
$4500— BEST bargain ever offered in Napa
County; 62% acres, part in vines and fruit; 2
houses, barn, etc., complete; main county
road: paid this year $1063 cash. ALDEN-
GARFIELD CO., .902 Broadway.
1000 ACRES flne stock ranch in Alameda
County: will be sold at half actual value.
ALDEN-GARFIELD CO., 902 Broadway.
$37",0— NEW all modern 8-room house, Just com-
pleted; within 4 blocks of ■ Broadway, on
Grove st. Apply quickly, ALDEN-GAR-
FIELD CO., 902 Broadway. ;
$4500— BEAUTIFUL house of 8 rooms, laundry
and bath, basement completely plastered:
nickel plated plumbing, open work; roll rim
porcelain tub; plate glass windows: house
beautifully tinted; in fact, everything to
make a home comfortable and complete;
house is open for Inspection; call and see fo»
.. yourself; situated on east side Grove st.,
between Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth. GEO.
B. M. GRAY, 451 Ninth St.. Oakland.
1 $75 WILL buy a lot worth $150: $5 cash, $5
j monthly; Allendale Settlement, East Oak-
land, and now covered with homes and
bulding up rapidly: build your home or we
will build it for you; payment as rent; all
■ streets graded; some • macadamized;' 3 elec-
tric-car lines and flne scnool; view, climate
and soli the best: call or Bend for circular,
459 Ninth St.. bet. Washington and Broad-
way, Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
owner.
$450 will build a new 3-room cottage, with lot
50x125, in the Alvin Tract, fronting Elmhurst
station; local trains and electric-cars; $25
down: $5 monthly. JACOB HEYMAN, 11
Montgomery st -r.-i ■-;,.;
EIGHT-room residence in lovely Piedmont;
close to electric cars; large grounds; fruit,
berries, etc. : rent reasonable. ■B. C. FAB-
RIQUE. Real Estate, 460 Ninth st., Oakland.
HOUSE and lot, 16th St.. W. Oakland, for
sale or exchange. 1431 Bush St., S. F.
i BARGAIN— OnIy $2500 each for those new mod-
| crn houses being built In Oakland; easy pay-
ments: call and see plans: money to loan.
LANE, seventh floor, room 6, Mills building.
San Fran.-'.:--'-" ■
I ADVERTISEMENTS'
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME. FIRST SERVED.
JUST I.IKE PAYING RENT.
$1200. $1700. $ISOO. $2200, $2600.- $3000.
' The above are lovely cottages, which have
' been thrown on the market for non-payment
I of Installments, and they are now offered at a
great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain
I 4. 5, 6 and 7 rooms and are finished up to date;
; almost new, and located near schools and sta-
: tions. ... ... ■; ... ■'.
We are going to wend them out. ami Invite
I inspection. i MARCUSE ft REMMEL,
I 'Bay st. station. Alameda, and C2S- Market St.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
2-STORY house of 7 rooms: lot 50x100; artesian
well windmill, tank; must be sold; make an
I offer. T. F. BAIRD, 1303 Park M.. Alameda.
I $1200— SACRIFICE: lot 40x207, with good 7- room
house; half block from station and high
school: easy. terms.
$2800— New modern cottage: lot 40x150; fine
I location: $150 cash, $25 per month; for cash
$2500: snap.
! $2500 — Beautiful new S-room house, complete;
lot 50x20.1: choice location; very easy terms.
To Close an Estate— lo-room house; lot 60x140;
! Alameu.'s best location; see this and make an
! off»r.
i — Better than a Klondike, as an Invest-
I ment; properties bringing $130 per month:
i mortgage of $9000 can remain: bargain.
Houses to let in all parts of the city.
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
1432 Park st., Alameda.
I AT a big barzaln — 12-room modern house on one
of the main avenues of Alameda: a corner
[ lot 75 feet by 174 feet: house cost when built
$7000; now to be had at. less than $6000. For
particulars inquire of HERMAN CORDES,
IJBtt Hi*h Ft.. Alamedn.
ALA MED A HOUSES TO LET.
TO LET— In Alameda. sunny 9-room house,
furnished, unfurnished or partially furnish-
ed. Inquire at 1137 Broadway, below San
Jose aye. ' - T
BERKELEY BE AL ESTATE.
j NEAR the University and Station— 4 fine lots
for amount of mortgage ami Interest: a posi-
tive bargain. JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate,
Berkeley Station. -rvev'
! FOR RENT— A fine large furnished house of 9
rooms, near Berkeley Station.; $50, including
' water. O. G. MAY & CO., Berkeley.
I OFFICE OF O. O. MAY * CO., ~
2123 Center St., Berkeley.
— For sale on terms to suit, a flne large
i house of 7 rooms and bath; lot 40x135; street
work t done; close to electric cars, local,
churches and university; property worth $3500.
$2400— New cottage of 6 rooms and bath;
handy to. cars; best of plumbing; good high
basement; convenient in every respect; lot
35x135; fruit trees and flowers ;• street work
done. Call and name your terms.
1 FOR RENT— Elegant 9-room house; large
grounds with shrubbery; situated In the
midst of the best part of Berkeley; rent $10,
and water. O. G. MAY & CO., 2123 Center
St.. Berkeley. : ■ .;•
I NEW house of. 7 rooms, all modern improve-
ments, 2 blocks from station; all street work
done: easy terms. .TAS. J. MASON, Real
Estate, Berkeley Station.'
I ORDERED by mortgagee to sell fine corner
lot. house of 9 rooms. • beautiful view, near
station; a bargain. JOS. J. MASON, Real
Estate, Berkeley Station. ____ili_^
FROTVALE REAL ESTATE.
ABSOLUTELY a. great bargain; cottage
of 5 rooms and 2 rooms In basement; stable,
chicken houses, fruit trees; corner lot, 150x125;
all fenced; city water and sewerage com-
plete. • •■J-v-V;.'
$1500— 1,2 acres of sandy . loam: house of 4
j rooms; large barn, 2 hogpens, chicken houses,
i good well, '; plenty ..wood on the place; all
I fenced; only 2 blocks from electric cars.
$550— House of 5 rooms; good well and force
1 pump, : barn, 2 f chicken houses, fruit trees,
! shrubbery, hothouse; lot 75x108; all fenced.
$600— House of 4 rooms and basement; fruit
trees; lot 35x115; only 1 block from Fruitvale
aye.: $50 cash, balance $10 per month. ».-?■■«
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station. Cal.
A BEAUTY— New, artistic;, corner. 5 rooms;
complete home; $250 cash and $25- per month
buys It. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market
Ft., S. F. D. PRATT. -Fruitvale station. •
PROPERTY , TO - KXCIIA.NGI.
A— 525,000: Fine ' business oorner, new; rents
, $200; $15,000 equity, exchange for $6900 to $12.-
000 ranch - near city. " KREDO : & CO., : 22&
Geary. St. .:', „ ' -'*.'r .....••-■ -..-7 ;.■■. '' ;_
BUSINESS corner, stores, flats and
houses in suburbs: equity $9000; rents $150; ex-
change for ranch; .will, assume. KREDO &
j CO.'. 224 Geary st. -;: ' .
$6500— FLOURISHING business corner, 2 stores,
j 2 flats, new; rents $65; ; exchange city | lot or
home, balance time. KREDO & CO., 22*
; Geary. st. ';■■ .' ■ * .■ .-■■-. '■ ..- ;'.-;. : - '.-■ : .- .
_-_. .. . -• EXCHANGES - *
120 acres, near Santa Rosa, 6-room house. .$2,500
4 lots In this city, for $500 each......... 2,000
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth. :.-.
7-ROOM - house , In S. F. worth $2000 and lots
h for lot or country place in Sausallto, San Ma-
. teo, San : Rafael or Ross Valley. THE Mc-
, CARTHY C 0.,, 646 Market st. ; :;'.; r ;
WANTED— A small i Improved ranch 1. for the
$6000 equity of gilt-edge Income property
" * situated : in ' the : center ■ of ? Oakland. • Address
Ranch, box 9,. Call office, Oakland.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN — 1 — — —
You . see houses ;to rent by BALDWIN A
HOWELL, 10 ' Montgomery.
CHURCH, 1317—5 sunny rooms and bath;
rent 5112. , . :
DEVISADERO, 727— House, 7 rooms, $20; also
stable if desired..
GLEN PARK. 36. off Twelfth St.— 7 rooms,
bath, laundry; 2 yards; $25. DEMPSTER.
HOWARD, 728%— House of 5 rooms, in good
order. ; Apply at 723. upstairs.
HOUSE of 4 rooms and stable. 4075 Army St.,
l>;t-.. eon Spr.eliez and Noe. :
MODERN house, ' 7 rooms; fine neighborhood;
Broderick and McAllister; rent cheap.
SACRAMENTO, 1634. north side, near Polk—
Sun all day; dry. new throughout, clean and
pretty; ingrain, tinted papering; marble and
tile lavatory, new chandeliers,' mahogany and
oak mantles with mirrors, porcelain bathtub
and marble washstand; servant's room, laun-
dry, etc.. In basement. Keys on premises at
1 p. m. to-day.
TWENTY-THIRD, 2754. between York and
Hampshire — House 6 rooms; bath; large yard;
$16. ■ ■
TWO-STORY sunny house and yard; bath;
"modern conveniences. 1724 Clay st., near
■ Van' Ness aye. ■■ ■
FURNISHED HOUSES,
TWENTY- FOURTH. 3?32— Modern house, 8
rooms: carpeted: large yard: low rent; see it.
COTTAGES TO LET. '''■'?'■'%
COTTAGE of 5 rooms, bath, eas; rent $14.
Eighteenth st., bet. Castro and Collingwood.
COTTAGE of 6 sunny rooms for housekeeping;
rent $12 50. 224>4 O'Farrell st.
COTTAGE, 3 rooms; cheap rent to small fam-
ily. Apply 732 Capp st.
HAVES, 1632— Handsome furnished cottage, 6
rooms: bath; large yard: basement; rent rea-
'• sonable; no small children; cars pass door.
i RENT $13; bay-window cottage, 5 rooms, bath
and yard. 4027 Nineteenth St., near Castro.
SUNNY corner cottage, front porch, 6 rooms,
1 bath. 3542 Army, cor. San Jose aye.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms; bath, base-
ment, yard; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth St., near
. Dolores. '-< •■ ,
TO LET— Cottage of 5 rooms and bath. 449
Bryant St.; rent $18. Inquire of C. C. BEMIS,
324 Montgomery st.
4-ROOM, $10; 6-room, $15; 7-room, $17, or will
sell $50 to $100 cash, balance as rent. THE
MCCARTHY CO., 64 Market st.
FLATS FURNISHED.
FURNISHED house, 7 rooms, bath; large yard;
latest Improvements; furniture new; piano;
near Pleasanton Hotel: only responsible par-
ties need apply. Address box 827, Call office.
MODERN furnished flat or part of It. 109
South Park.
FLATS TO LET.
4 AND 6 room flats; some with gardens; sunny;
attractive view; on Twelfth st. and Glen Park
aye. ; $12, $13. $14. $18 and $23 50. DEMPSTER,
36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth St.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
BEAUTIFUL flat, 8 rooms, bath; every con-
venience; rent $30. 1505 Geary st.
BYINGTON, 18—5 rooms, bath, stable. Apply
IC2I O'Farrell St.
CAPP, 416 — Two lower flats, 6 rooms each;
bath; $10 and $16. .
CLAYTON, 874, south of Frederick— New mod-
ern flat. 4 rooms and bath : cheap.
EDDY, 1244. near Laguna — Elegant sunny flat,
I 5 rooms, bath; latest Improvements. J -
EDDY, . 1541— Sunny corner flat; 6 rooms and
: bath; modern; rent reasonable.
EDDY, Modern sunny flat, 5 rooms; rent
$16. ;
i FELL, 1118. near Devlsadero— sunny rooms;
i alcove parlors.
FRANKLIN, 214— Upper part nice sunny tene-
ment: 5 rooms and bath.
FREMONT, Flats of 3 and 6 rooms; grand
view of bay. ! X-'
FULTON, 118— middle flat, 7 rooms, bath;
near City Hall; $23.
FURNISHED sunny corner, 5 rooms bath; rea-
j sonable. 511 A Buchanan st. . .
GUERRERO. 1111, near Twenty-sixth rooms
• and bath; $15. ■ . -,..
HAIGHT. 792— Beautiful upper sunny new cor-
ner modern flat; 7 rooms and bath.
i LLOYD. 22. off Scott, near Waller— sl4; new
flat of 4 sunny rooms; bath.
MISSION, 1511%— and 5 large sunny rooms;
bath, laundry, yard; rent $14 up. •
| MODERN Bunny 5-room flat: warm belt. SSI
j Capp st., near Twenty-fourth. ■
NEW flat, 4 rooms and bath; all modern Im-
provements. 3443 Twentieth st., cor. Capp.
1 O'FARRELL. 923— Furnished basement, cheap,
with large yard and kitchen.
■ POND. 35, near intersection of Market— of
! 6 sunny rooms and bath.
: SAN CARLOS aye., 159— New bay- window flat;
cheap to good tenants.
SEVENTH, 46, opposite new postofflce lot —
Store, yard and stable; also flat 4 sunny
ro/>ms: business location.
■ SUNNY corner flat of 12 rooms, bath, etc., In
first-class condition: only 1% blocks from
Market st. ; rent greatly reduced; an offer
■wanted: see this at once. Cor. Grove and
Polk sts. ■ ■ . ■'-
j STEVENSON, 7— Sunny flat of 3 rooms; $6 per
month. -Apply at restaurant. 28 First st.
i TWENTY-THIRD, fcßfc near Dolores—
flat in good order: 5 rooms; bath; $15.
UPPER sunny flat, 5 rooms and bath; yard:
basement. 3905 Twenty-fourth St., near San--
' chez; electric cars pass door; $12. -
$12 to— Cheapest flat in city; 4 rooms and wash-
• tubs. 820 Larkin st. ■ ■
$15— MODERN - upper flat, -6 rooms, basement;
, water free. 341 Jersey st. Castro-st. cars.
; NICE sunny comfortable flat, 5 rooms and
• bath. 2134 O'Farrell st. '
| $20— 5-ROOM upper flat. 315 O'Farrell st., near
Mason. Apply 16 Grant aye. ■
$22 FLAT, 5 rooms, bath. 127 Ash aye., be-
tween Polk St., Van Ness aye., McAllister
, and Fulton sts.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BRANNAN. 422— Two nice, large unfurnished
sunny rooms (upper flat); rent $6 per month.
BUSH 2526 — Two sunny front rooms, furnished
for light housekeeping; adults only.
! CLAY, 1423—2 ' pleasant ; sunny unfurnished
room's for light housekeeping. ■..-.■-
DEVISADERO. 1611 2 unfurnished rooms,
■ bath and large yard; cheap. ,
! EDDY, 305— 2 large sunny housekeeping rooms;
also single room ; private family.
■ELEVENTH, 120—2 nicely furnished - ■ front
rooms | for housekeeping; upper flat ; $12.
ELGIN • PARK, 36, off Thirteenth— Flat of 2
large sunny rooms, with large pantry, wash-
room and yard, furnished complete for house-
keeping. • '-' • ': ' ' '- : ''.-"...'•"■'■- '■"■■ .■
FIRST 3C9— Nicely furnished sunny housekeep- i
ing rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
FOLSOM, 704— Sunny front housekeeping room;
4 also others; all sunny and front. .-■ -.-.-;.
FOLSOM, 974— Furnished room complete for
:.- housekeeping, $1 50 week; also single room.
FOURTH, 225— Rooms suitable for light house-
- keeping; also single.
FRANKLIN, — Two furnished . rooms .- and
separate kitchen in corner sunny flat.
GEARY, Nice furnished rooms to let; also
housekeeping; also single. -",.-'. , :
GEARY, 518— Nicely furnished sunny suites;
single and double rooms; also housekeeping
: . rooms. ■ '• •-"■.' ; ' :■■' ' ■ •■ ; - -•' -'■ v'
GEARY 1917— 520 for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms; bath ; 2 beds; . gas and coal stoves
i all necessaries. - ..- ■ .-.:.■■ •-' .
GOLDEN GATE, 1050—2 or 3 large, nicely fur-
. nished " rooms • for ; housekeeping, sor ' single,
' gas cookstove; free use of phone... .• , "
GOLDEN GATE, 1059— One sunny unfurnished
I room; running water; closet.. • ;».
' GRANT aye., 116— Newly , opened, - pleasant,
,-- light inside suite; housekeeping:; $10 month.
GROVE, 202. cor. Van Ness aye.— Sunny unfur-
•. nished ; 3-room suites, , with gas ; stove. !;; '■%':: ■
HICKORY. : 181, near v Gough— 3 large front
housekeeping rooms, complete; $12 per month.
HOWARD, ■ Two furnished rooms complete
for housekeeping; $11 per : month.;. , -
HOWARD, — Front room and kitchen com-
\ plete for housekeeping; rent. cheap; also sin-
, . gle room.: • ; ..,:..-. .. .-. - .; ' .' •
HOWARD, 821 — Housekeeping- rooms; single,
,f.. $7; ■ suites, ; $12 per month., ;. .*- -:..•:-. -■<■;
IVY > aye. , , 124—2 = large i front ' rooms * for light
housekeeping; large ; yard. ;-, ; -'.:.. .;■>; ;vr
JESSIE, Yj9— Housekeeping ;. and unfurnished;
.;' also single and ; double rooms. : % ; - . -
LARGE ? bay-window * room 5 for ..;. housekeeping;
■?•■ unfurnished: rent $17; also single furnished
; . room; , $5. 12 Essex ; st., off ; Folsom, : near ■ 2<3L i
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued
MARKET, IC2S— 3 rooms furnished complete,
$12; part rent taken In board.
MINNA. 421— Large double front sunny fur-
nished rooms, suitable for light housekeeping
MISSION, 10<i3— Nice rooms suitable for of-
fices or housekeeping; running water; gas.
MISSION, 1217— Front bay-window sunny suite,
complete for housekeeping; modern conveni-
ences.
MISSION, 1324—2 furnished housekeeping
rooms.
NATOMA, 645—2 sunny furnished rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping, $11.
NEW MONTGOMERY, 105— Complete furnished
housekeeping rooms, $6 per month; single, $4.
NOE, 151— Furnished small sunny alcove suite;
bath; garden; $S.
OCTAVIA, 811—3 elegant large rooms complete
for housekeeping: select neighborhood.
O'FARRELL. 519 — Sunny basement furnished
for housekeeping.
POLK. 605 — Completely furnished front room
and kitchen for housekeeping: gas, bath and
running water; $13 per month.
POWELL. 154— Newly furnished sunny rooms,
suites or single: rents reasonable.
POWELL. 509— Two nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms; bath, gas and running water;
reasonable.
SIXTH, 119 A —Nicely furnished rooms; also
housekeeping.
STANLEY Place, 19— $10, 6 nico sunny rooms,
including bath.
SUTXER, 913— Unfurnished alcove front room;
2 clnspts; grate; hot and cold water.
TENTH. 111, near Market— Large front sunny
furnished rooms; stove: closet: housekeeping.
TENTH. 124 — Furnished large front room, with
kitchen, cheap.
THIRD, 309— Front room and kitchen: fur-
nishod for housekeeping; $8; other rooms rea-
sonable.
THREE unfurnished rooms with use of kitch-
en, bath, etc., three blocks from Park Pan-
handle; suitable for couple or ladles; German
preferred; highest references given and re-
quired. Box 1070, Call office.
ROOMS TO LEST.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Keamy st.— Pleasant
Bunny rooms, en suite and single: flrst-clasa ;
in every respect; terms reasonable.
BUSH, 706— Elegantly furnished sunny front !
parlor, $10; private family.
BUSH, 1092— Nicely furnished sunny single and
double rooms, $7 per month up.
CENTRAL HOUSR 52~Second— Nicely fur-
tilshed single and double rooms, $1 to $3 per
week.
CLAY, 1532— Furnished room to let, suitable j
for 1 gentleman; private family.
DELAWARE. 1151 ' Market— Furnished single'
and double rooms. $8 and $10 mo. ; nice suites.
EDDY, 607— Unfurnished bay-window alcove
suite; newly papered: modern improvements. |
HARRISON. 664— Nicely furnished sunny front
room, suitable for two, $7 per month.
FAIR OAK, 94, corner Twenty-second— Front
sunny nicely furnished room, $4; cars pass
the door.
FOLSOM, 549— Furnished sunny rooms, $7 to $10
per month; housekeeping if desired.
FOI'RTH, 27Vi — Nice sunny front rooms; rea-
sonable; central; nice house.
FULTON. 3 (Fulton House)— Nicely furnished
rooms, single or en suite, $8 and $15 up.
■FULTON. 500—Nlcely furnished sunny parlor
suite; private family; piano, grate, bath, gas;
$20 per month.
FRANKLIN, 421— Nice sunny bay-window par-
lor; gas. bath and grate: $8 per month.
GEARY, 402— Sunny furnished rooms for gents;
$6 and $7. |
GEARY, 622—2 well-furnished connecting rms. j
single rooms; bath and gas; reasonable.
GEARY, 67."- Nicely furnished front room;
bath and gas; rent reasonable. .
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and ',
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single: elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mlss'on: select family j
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 >er week. j
HARRISON. 661— Nlcrty furnished sunny par-
lors, single or en suite; bath, gas, grate;
terms reasonable.
ELLIS, 720— Nice clean furnished single room,
$5 per month; gentleman only.
HARRISON, 820— Nicely furnished back parlor,
$S month; bath: private family: nice home.
HAVES, 737— Newly furnished front room;
rent $5.
HOWARD, 715, ST. DAVID'S— 2OO rooms; j
suites; single; sunny reading-room; 25c up.
HOWARD, 989 — Doctor's office, furnished com- j
plete; also suites; other rooms. $5 per mo. up. |
HOWARD, 12088, near Eighth— Nicely fur- |
nlshed sunny parlor suite $15; also sunny
Eingle room $6; bath. j
HOWARD, 1513 A —Furnished rooms to let in pri-
vate family; single or en suite.
HYDE, 112— Sunny front room, suitable for 2; ]
rent reasonable.
JONES, 610— Nicely furnished sunny parlor
■Ulte; also nice single room; board optional. ;
LANGTON, 212 H. near Seventh— 2 or 3 unfur- i
nished rooms; rent cheap.
LARKIN, 327— Newly furnished sunny front
rooms, near Pavilion.
LEXINGTON, 212 Eddy— Large sunny front
suites; also single; for gentlemen. i
MARKET, 1032— -(New management) ; fine, clean 1
rooms.. $1 to $2 50 per week; transient, 25c up. ■
MARKET. 1926— (The Hawthorne)— Furnished,
unfurnished; single rms., suites; jubilee vl». 1
MARY, 40— Furnished rooms for middle-aged j
gentlemen in private family; references re-
quired.
McALLIPTER, "22— Single sunny room; also
back parlor; bath and gas; private family.
McALLISTER. 511— Large nicely furnished
parlors, single or en suite: large sunny back
room, $7; bath and gas; home comforts.
McALLISTER, 519— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms, suite or single; hot and cold water;
gas and bath; grate; board optional.
MINNA, 28— Furnished rooms 76c and $1 per
wp<-k.
MINNA. 66— Sunny rooms in a respectable
family.
MINNA, 330— Nicely furnished sunny front
room, $3 per month; private family.
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 a week.
MISSSION, 1025— Neatly furnished sunny suite
of parlors; rent moderate.
MISSION, 1129— A nicely furnished sunny
housekeeping room for one person; German
f arqily.
MISSION, 1515%— Single or double parlors: gas;
bath; private; with or without board.
NEW FHANKLIN, 321 Pacific— Rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished: day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 635"M> — Nicely furnished front
room for 1 or 2 gentlemen; reasonable.
POLK, 17— Sunny front rooms; 1 or 2 gentle-
men: single, $1 week up.
POLK, 22m. near City Hall— Xicely furnished
double room. $7 per month.
POST. 239—3 blocks Palace Hotel (Bohemia),
sunny rooms; fine view; elevator; tourists.
POWELL, 203 (The Montello)— Sunny suites
and single rooms; reasonable; transient.
POWELL, 233— New house; newly furnished; ,
suits and single; also office rooms.
PROSPECT PLACE, 123. oft California, be-
tween Stockton and Powell— Two large front
sunny furnished rooms; German family.
SECOND, 115 — Sunny, clean, furnished single
rooms, $1 per week up; men only.
R. R. HOUSE. 633 Commercial, near Mont-
gmy— Beds. 10c, 15c, etc; coffee and rolls free.
SEVENTH, 142— Furnished suites and single
rooms at lowest rates. MRS. PRAHL. prop.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2% Eighth st.
near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 736 — Two furnished rooms, $3
each.
STEVENSON, 664— Large sunny front room;
nicely furnished; half block from Market st.
STOCKTON, 17 — European; elegant rooms;
suite or single; day, week or month; baths;
hot and cold water; transient; elevator.
SUTTER, 309— Newly furnished sunny rooms,
single or suites, $1 50 week up; transient.
SUTTER, 715-717-719. and 609 Hyde— Furnished
and unfurn.; choice for offices; reasonable.
TAYLOR, 108 — Single rooms, $6 per month up;
also sunny suite: housekeeping if desired.
TENTH, 111. near Market— Large front sunny
furnished rooms: stove and closet; house-
keeping if desired.
THE FLORENCE, corner Powell and Ellis-
Nice sunny suites from $1 day: 9lngle rooms
from 50c; a quiet home for families; elevator.
TURK, 543— Nicely furnished front and back
parlor: kitchen if desired; gas and bath.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 38k£-4 rooms; gas and
bath; Twenty-second-st. cars pass the door;
rent $10.
WALLACE, 348, rear— Nicely furnished sunny
front room: suitnble for 1 or 2; cheap.
WASHINGTON. 1210, near Taylor-4 unfurnish-
[ ed rooms and bath; cheap rent.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
WEBSTER, 711—2 or 3 large sunny furnished
or unfurnished rooms; every convenience.
500 BUSINESS cards printed $1: 23 vuuin*
cards. 25c. HILL. 724% Market st.
HOARDING AND ROOMS
BOARDERS wanted— Limited number of In-
valid gentlemen may have comfortable home,
with attendance, at reasonable rate. Box
1048. Call office.
!HDDY, 220— Sunny front single and double
rooms; first-class board. $3 50.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week: nice location.
HOTEL SALISBURY: beautiful grounds; ta-
ble unsurpassed. 299 Hyde. cor. Eddy.
HYDE. 1105— First-class board; breakfast and
dinner, $12 month: reference.
POWELL. 502— Large sunny corner room,
piano: single rooms. $20 up with board.
THIRD. 530 — Rooms and board: choice suits
two front rooms; suitable for two gentle-
men or man and wife. In hotel opposite
South Park; excellent board: terms $45 per
month with board. Apply Central Hotel.
TURK, 812— Nice rooms and board In private
family; bath, grate, excellent table; cars pass
the door; terms $20 up.
STORES TO LET.
BARBER shop, fixtures, complete; electri*
light; rent cheap. 409 Dupont St.
— — — «
BASEMENT to let cheap. 418 Larkin st.
LARGE corner store, with basement; rent
cheap. Corner Howard and Moss sts.
STORE, with fixtures, corner Howard and La-
fayette sts. ; cheap rent.
$16— LARGE storeroom and t living-room*.
SW. cor. Ellis and Scott sts.
J26— FURNISHED large fireproof store; center
of business, St. Helena; long lease. Address
lock box 13. St. Helena, Cal.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ANY person having use for a piano need not
do without when good Instruments can b«
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3. $4, $5, $fi. $7. $8. $?.
$10; handsome scarf and wood seat stool In-
cluded; no charge for cartage. Purchase your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Stelnway without sacri-
fice SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., Stelnway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
WE are offering two beautiful walnut Chlek-
ering upright second pianos at Immense bar-
pains: also fine upright, slightly used, for
$180. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, IS to 20O'Far-
rell st., sole agents for the Chickerlng piano.
PIANOS and organs at factory prices; low
rent; small profits: agency Hardman, Chase
Bros.. Hackley. Sommer, Dewing Bros., etc.
J. DEWING CO.. second floor Flood building.
Fourth and Market sts.
A FINE line of second-hand pianos offered
this week at very low prices. Including
Stetnways, Chlckering. Hallett & Davis.
Emerson and others. THE F. W. SPENCER
CO.. 533 Market st.
PIANOS at cut prices: improve the opportu-
nity; agency famous Haines Bros.. Bush tk
Gerts and Bollerman. WM. C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. Bancroft & Co.. 324 Post.
COLBY pianos are the best for the money In
the market: highest award at World's Fair;
call and see for yourselves. 933 Market st.
LARGE assortment second-hand pianos, $60;
uprights, Ivors & Pond. Decker, Stelnway.
Hornung and others. 216 Post st.
SOHMER A CO.. Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans,
Brisrtrs and other pianns: see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 30R, 310. 312 Post st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must poll pianns at
Immense reduction for cash or on Install-
ments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market st.
AT MAUVAIS'. 7W Market St.. you will find
pianos from $50 to $250 in second-hand: new
nlanos for cash or on payments.
BARGAlN— Upright piano, $65. 208 Post St.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
BARGAIN— Nice upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 18
McAllister St.. near Hibernla Bank.
KTNQPBURY HS97 mnden Is the piano you
want. J. HARRY SCOTT. 526 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST ad, lowest price. Heine. 136 Ellis.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale St.
FINE $50 thoroughbred pug dog; nrust sell; no
place; $5. 706% Pine st.
NEW baby buggy: also highchalr and buggy
combined. 1024 Mission st.
TEAM of mules for Klondike. Address L.
WILLIAMS, San Pablo. Cal.
FOR sale— Fresh milch cow. Inquire at gro-
cery corner of Fourteenth and Belcher sts.
AN 18-karat, minute register, fly back Bplit
second stemwlnding gold watch, bought
of Tiffany, New York, at a cost of $450; will
be sold for $150. At UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant aye.
1 AND 2-bowl barber washstands. cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
BUTCHER railings for sale cheap. Inquire
meat market. Sn Howard st.
NEWFOUNDLAND dogs, trained to pull in
harness. F. BALTZER, 1313 Larkin St.
DOMESTIC sewing machine, almost new: 5
drawers: attachments. 1915 Mission, near
Fifteenth.
FRESH milch cow. 1669 Alabama st., near
Twenty-eighth.
TEN GALLON KEG AT CAR LOAD PRICE.
Choice Bourbon whisky. 85 proof, $16 30; Mf-
Brayer whisky, 100 proof. 5 years old, $22:
Al Jamaica rum, $16 S5: extra quality port,
sherry, angelica, muscatel or Rhine wine, 2
years old, $6 50; 4 year, $7 50; real 6 year,
$s 50; genuine grape brandy, 100 proof. 3 year,
$22: 5 year. $24 50: Zlnfandel claret, $4 35;
Burgundy claret. $5 25: no charge for cooper-
age or drayage: it pays to buy for cash.
Standard Liquor Co., 628 Market st., 8. F.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.
SECOND-HAND dynamos, gasoline and steam
engines, boilers, pulleys, shafting, laundry
machinery, etc. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
6000 PAIR shoe lasts; also dealer in second-
hand tools, machinery, etc.: mail orders
promptly attended to. 646 Mission st.
SAFES — New and second hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe T^ac. 533 Sacramento.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 616 Mission at.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-liand
building material. 1122-36 Mission st.
SAFES — Bargains in new and second-hand: all
sixes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, 8. F.
GRAPHOPHONES, $10: Records, » per doz.;
Projectoscope. $100. Bacigalupl. 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
NATIONAL cash register cheap. Inquire at
meat market, 576 Howard st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
FOR sale cheap— Second-hand fireproof safe,
at 42 Main ?t.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
LEGAL NOTICES.
DEPARTMENT No. 10, Probate— ln Che Su-
perior Court in and for the City anfl Coun-
ty of San Francisco, State of California—
In the matter of the estate of JACOB C.
JOHNSON, deceased.
Notice Is hereby given that Thursday, the
24th day of February, A. D. 1898, at 10 o'clock
a. m. of Bald day, and the court room of De-
partment No. 10. of said Court, at the New
City Hall, In the City and County of Ban
Francisco, State of California, have been ap-
pointed as the time and place for proving
the will of eaid JACOB C. JOHNSON, de-
ceased, and for hearing the application of
ANNA E. JOHNSON for the issuance to her
of letters testamentary-
Dated February 10, A. D. 1898.
CHARLES F. CURRY, Clerk.
[Seal] By E. S. HAWLEY. Deputy Clerk.
J. A. STEPHENS. Attorney for Petitioner.
Room 60S, Claus Spreckels building.
THE California Debria Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from William N. Lamb, fn the Croft
mine, near Oleta. Amador County, to deposit
tailings behind the dam of the Cambridge
mine, in Dry Creek: from B. F. Steese and O.
Woehler, in the Long Ravine mine, near
Spenceville, Nevada County, to deposit tail-
ings In Long Ravine: and from J. W. Cum-
mins. In the Amo mine, near Orovllle. Butte
County, to deposit tailings in Cherokee Ra-
vine, gives notice that a meeting will be held
at room 59, Flood building, San Francisco,
Cal., on February 2S. 1898, at 1:30 p. m.
PROPERTY WANTED.
CHEAP lot on Bernal Heights. Address bo«
1081. Call office,
1314
MEDICAL.
JALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
BO years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure reller,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy borne
etr.; babies adopted: travelers treated, no
delay: self cure sent; call or »;!;»"• f ™ e -
confidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAJ lES. 1
C3ty Hall aye., cor McAllister: pills, $2.
iAJLL monthly Irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at one*, sare
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
MrTdß^Ye'tH.
Jl PROCESS that never fails to restore every
case of monthly sickness from whatever
eanM In few hours when medicines and others
have failed: no instruments used; many
years' experience; every case guaranteed; ad-
vice fre*: terms reasonable; first -class pri-
vate home for confinement. MRS. DR. DA-
LEY 1126 Market st.. over Owl Drugstore.
ST'RK. *afe and ppeedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, wjth beet
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged' call .on the doctor and state their case;
tney will find 1" her a true friend. MRS.
DR' fiWtKR. "2fi Turk St.
BT'RE cure, when others fall; no medicine or
Instruments: every woman her own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no matter from
what cause; restore In 1 day; never fails;
consultatioa free; can be sent and used at
h.-ime. DR. POPPER. 31S Kearny; orders by
telephone.
X.ADIES Chi^hester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand! best: safe, reliable: take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladies." letter by return mall; at
druggists, Chichester Chemical Oh, Phila.
COUTH American Indian Syphilis Remedy: To
all persons suffering from syphilis I offer to
cure in all stages with a purely vegetable
remedy within thirty days or no charges;
confidential .consultation free. Address F. E.
C. Haywardß, Cal.
T>RS. GOODWIN, diseases of women; ladies;
safe, quick cure guaranteed: any ailment;
maternltv home: best care; skill only; low
fee*- Dr. Schuck's self-cure, J5. 401 Van Ness.
.A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro: price
$1 50. RICHAJtDS & CO.. 406 Clay st. : send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X St.. Bacramento, Cal.
AtPEAfS French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger; safe, cure; $2 50:
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities: guaranteed
cure at office. S5: capsules, SI 50; hours 10 to
R DR and MRS. KOHL. 111S Market St.
CAPSTJIjET AS— Preventive; sure: harmless;
guaranteed or money refunded. MME. MAS-
PON. 1223 Geary st
DR. HALL. 1 City Hall aye., cor. McAllister
& Lea worth; diseases of women, children.
£aDIEP Mrs. Dr. Puetz: infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 2.".4^ Fourth st.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUN KB, 1416 Bth St., Alameda.
PHP K. & K. cure chronic, nervous, hlnnd,
skin or private dlS' ses. 8 Mason st.. S. F.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6>4 per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortpaees. e.=tatp.«. undivided inter-
p=tp. real estaf !n probate, life insurance,
goods in warehouse, furniture and pianos
without removal; mortgages and legacies
bought; no delay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Mont-
gomery, room 3.
LOAN'S on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth:
tel. South 14.
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal: mdse In storage; life Ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc. : low In-
terest; private; no com. R. 68. 1170 Market.
|5 UP to any amount on indorsed paper.
pianos, furniture or jewelry; all business
Ftri'tly confidential: private offices. M E
POUGAN & CO.. ?3n Kearny st. : upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lr.west rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market st . : tel. Green 204.
ON fnmitur". pianos: city ot Oakland: no re-
moval: low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private parfy. BOXELLI. 402 Geary st.
LOANS ™ real estate and on furniture or
pianos without removal; any amount: lowest
rates. BECKER & CO.. 323 Montgomery st.
11,000.000 TO loan on diamonds: low Interest;
nerfpet secrery: private entrance: gentle-
manly assistants. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth st.. upstairs: strictly private: low
rilf*: tel R»d 1121: established IS?9.
AVY «urn. lFt or 2ci mortgages, estates In pro-
bn.te. etc. Room 7. 50S California st.
|gq TO 160,000: lowest rat"s: Ist and 2d mortg. :
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and (wintry: any sum: Ist and *d mort-
gages, estate, etc. MUTtFHY. 62S Mkt St.
OX piano?, furniture: no removal: lowest
rates; no com.; private. 11* McAllister St.
FTXTH. 10— Most reliable place to borrow
m^ney: diamonds ami Jewelry.
615 LA RKlN— Branch office of The Call. Bub-
■cripUomi and want a.is taken.
FINANCIAL
LOANS on real estito. bonds, etc.; lowest
rp.?«. JTcAFEE BROS., lfiS MoTitgome-^-- at.
TEAS.
TEAS.
10, 25, 30, 3?, 40, '* per pound.
COFFEES.
10, 15, 20, 25. "5, 40 per pound.
SPICES.
10, 15, 20. 2.-. 40 per can.
RUNNING 100 STORES ENABLES US TO
SELL VERY CHEAP.
WE GrVE FREE
PRETTY DISHES,
GOLD WATCHES.
BICYCLES.
MUSIC BOXES,
ATR RIFLES.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
TYPEWRITEHS.
REMINGTON No. 3; fine order; $25; earn pit
nent. BCOTT & BANNAN. ?33 Montgomery.
PHYSICIANS.
PR. C. C. ODONNELL. office and residence.
1206 Market: diseases of women a specialty.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
I
Gaelic. China and Japan I
'Willamette Seattle
Pomona. San Dlcgo ,
Columoia Portland
Arcata Coos Bay „
Valencia Baltimore
Excelsior .. | Alaska
Korth For*.... i Humooidt
UtnatUla ... . . Victoria & Pueret Sna. ...
lli;iiii>oldt Dyea
Mackinaw Tacoma
Prpgreso.. Seattle I
President. Yaqnlna Bay
HomA:- Newport
Jfewj»ri i Panama
Santa Rosa San Dletro
State «t Cai.... ; Portiana ,
Weeott Humboldt
Crescent City.. I Orescent Cltv
Coo« Bay ! Newport
City Pnebia.. .. Victoria and Pusret Sound
Feb M
FebU
Febl4
F"bH
Feq U
Feb 15
Fob
Febl«
Feb 16
Feb ltf
! Feb 18
Fab 16
Fob 17
Feb 13
Feb 18
Feb IS)
Feb 19
Feb 19
Feb 20
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
fiTBAMEIL nKSTIKATIOXi
Homer Humboldt.... 'Feb IS. 10 am Pier »
Weeott j Hum bid t Bay. jFob 14. 9 am 1 Pier IS
Coos Bsv-.. Newport. Fob U. 9am 'Pier 11
A Blanchrd Alaska Feb 14,10 am Pier 13
Walla Wlla ! Vie & P Sound i Fob 15.10 am ' Pier 9
Arcata..'... Coos 8ay..... Feb 15.10 am Pier IS
South Coast Alaska." — ... Feb 18, 6 ni ..;
Pomona.... ! San Dieg-0 Feb 1«. 11 am Pier 11
Columbia..^ Portland. . — Feb 17.10 am Pier 21
Zealandia.. Honolulu I Feb 17, 2 pm Pier 7
Humboldt. Alaska Feb 17 .....
Excelsior.. A1a5ka.:...... Feb 17.1? ji \..ii"
City of Para Panama...... Feb 18. 12 »i PM S3
Umatllla .. Vie & P?t Snd Feb 20.10 am Pier »
Santa Rosa San Dieiro.... Fob 20, 11 am Pier 11
State of Call Portland .|Feb 22. h) am Pier 24
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch, of the United States Hydrographle
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange. Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expenae.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit th»
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions •of the world are kept on hand
lor comparison and reference, - and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers' to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commrrce.
The time ball on top or the building on Tele
rraph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes b?for»
noon and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian
by telegraphic signal received each ; day ' from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mar*
Island. <'ai.
A notice stating whefh»- the time ball was
dropped on tlnje or giving the error, if any. Ili
subllih.ed.tbe same 4*jr by tb« %i tcrmooa n»
per*, and by the morning papers the followini
Say. W. S. HTJGKES.
Lieutenant. V. S. N.. In chary.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coaßt and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both place*.
FEBRUARY-IS'.<B.
Sunday, February 13.
Sun rises " : 01
Sun sets 5:47
Moon rises ". 0:2« A.M.
Si Time
K ! H W
TiniP
Tlm>>j F(W .
'Feet
13 .1:44
14 4:40
li 5:42
L W
«- 0:43
17 I:c3
12:12
1:20
H W
6:51
7:58
7:35
B:*' l
i W
2:21
3:13
| 10: 1 C
I 11:2)
H W
I a.i
9:41
J.l
NOTE. — In the above exposition of the tld»s
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
Fecond time column (fives the second tide of
the day. the third time column fie third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives th«
last tide of the day, except wh»n there are but
three tides, as sometimes occure. The height!
given are additions to the soundlnrs on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
■when a minus siirn (— ) precedes the height and
then the number given I? subtracttve from th«
depth given by the charts.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Columbia River Bar.
Office of United States Lighthouse Inspector,
Portland, Or., Feb. 10, 1898.
Notice Is hereby given that ClaXsop Spit
Buoy No 0, a red, first-class nun, which marks
the "west edge of Clatsop Spit, Is reported gone
adrift from Its position. It will be replaced
as early as practicable.
This notice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1596, page 42. By order
of the United States Lighthouse Board.
GEO. C. REITER,
Commander, U. 6. N., Inspector Thirteenth
Lighthouse District.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. V. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, February
12, I«9S.
Tho time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the
120 th meridian, or at exactly 8 p. m., Green
wich time. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. IT.. In charge-
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, February 18.
Btmr Australia, Houdlette, 6 days 18^ hm
from Honolulu.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, 84 hours frm Newport
and way ports.
Stmr Hermosa, Trelethon, — hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, 40 hours from Huene
me. Up river direct.
Stmr Westport, Hansen, 40 hours frm Hue
neme. Up river direct.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridgett, 82 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Washtenaw, Crosscup, 103 hours from
Tacoma. Port Costa direct.
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen. 16 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Warner, 44 hours
frvm San Pedro; pass, to North Pacific 8 8
Co.
Schr Barbara Hernster. Jensen, 28 hours fm
Fnrt Bragg: lumber, to Union Lumber Co.
Schr Newark, Beck. 16 hours from Bowens
Landing.
CLEARED.
Saturday, February 12.
Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro. Ward, Yoko
hama and Hongkong; P M S S Co.
Stmr Homer, Jessen, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
SAILiSP.
Saturday. February 13.
Stmr State of California, Green, Portland.
Stmr, Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro, Ward, Yoko
hama and Hongkong.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, Mendocino.
Schr Maggie C Rues, Jocobson, Port Gamble. '
CHARTERS.
The Invincible. Rufus E Wood and Wachu
sett load coal at Seattle for this port.
The Santiago loads mdse for Hllo.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Feb 12, 10 p. m.— Weath-r
hazy; wind NW; velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN.
Jan 22—2 N 30 W. Br ship Inchcape Rock, j
hence Nov 14 for Queenstown.
Feb 7—48 48 N 8 W, Br ship Holt Hill, from ;
London for San Diego.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Feb ll^-Br bark Inverlochy, hnce '
Sept 23, has water in after hold and other
damage from gales after leaving Queenstown.
DUNKIRK, Feb 12— Br ship Andora, from
Junln, previously reported ashore, has been •
floated and towed into dock.
DOMESTIC PORTS. '
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 11— Stmr Hueneme,
from Dyea.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Feb 11— Schr R W
Bartlett, lor Port Townsend.
TACOMA— Arrived Feb 12— Schr Prosper, fm
San Pedro.
NEWPORT— Arrived Feb 12— Schr Reporter, :
from Port Blakeley.
Sailed Feb 12— Schr Wowona, for Grays Har- !
bor.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Feb 12— Bktn Kllki
tat. for Honolulu.
FORT ROSS— Arrived Feb 12— Schr La Chile
na, hence Feb 10.
POINT REYES-Passed Feb 12— Haw stmr
Ban Mateo, from Comox for Port Los Angeles.
. PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 11— Schr
Joseph Russ, from Moss Landing.
OLYMPlA— Arrived Feb 12— Bark Vldette.
from Port Townsend.
PORTLAND— SaiIed Feb 11— Stmr Columbia, ;
for San Francisco.
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived Feb 11— Ft stmx
La Madeleine, hence Jan 30.
TACOMA— Arrived Feb 12— Rchr Mary Dodge,
from Roche Harbor. 11 — Bark Lev! G Bur
gess, hence Feb 2.
FORT ROSS— Sailed Feb 12— Schr La Chlle
na. for San Francisco.
STEWARTS POlNT— Sailed Feb 12— Schr
ArehJp and Fontle, for San Francisco.
NEWPORT— Arrived Feb 12— Stmr Coqullle |
River, from Fort Bragg.
Sailed Feb 12— Rchr Halcyon, for Eureka.
EVERETT— Arrived Feb 12— Schr Glendale,
hence Feb 3.
COOS BAY— Sailed Feb I»— Btmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Feb 12— Rtmr Columbia :
and schrs Edward Parke and W F Jewett, for
San Francisco.
CLALLAM BAY— In bay Feb 12— Shp Elwell,
from Nanaimo for San Francisco; ship Hecla,
from Tacoma for Pan Francisco.
TATOOPH— Paused Feb 12— Stmr Lakme. fm
Dutch Harbor for Seattle; stmr City of Pueb
la. hence Feb 10 for Victoria; stmr Czarina,
hence Feb 9 for Seattle and Nanaimo.
Outside bound in— Brig Courtney Ford, from
San Pedro for Seattle.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Fob It— Schr Serena
Thayer, for Eureka.
USAL— Arrived Feb 12— Stmr Sunol, hence
Feb 11, and sailed for San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaJIed Feb 12— Schr Eliza Miller,
for San FrancißCo; schr Jessie Minor, for San
Pedro.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW TORK— Arrived Feb 11— Stmr Ad
vance, from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTB.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Feb 9— Br ship Glen- I
breck, for San Francisco.
LONDON— Sailed Feb 11— Br Clan Gra
ham, for San Francisco.
HONOLULU— Arrived Feb B— Fr warship
Duguay Trouin. from Callao. 6— Br stmr
Amur, from Borneo, en route to Victoria.
Sailed Feb 3— Bark Adam W Spies, for Hilo. i
s— Bark Alden Besse and Haw bark R P '
Ritbet, for San Francisco; Br bark Gwynedd j
for Portland. Or.
TRAXS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb ]2 — Stmr Nor
mannia, for Naples; stmr La Gascogne, for
Havre; stmr Meganttne, for London; Btmr ,
Georgic, for Copenhagen.
LlSßON— Arrived Feb 12— Stmr Peninsular,
from New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Feb 12— Str La Champagne,
for New York.
GENOA— Arrived— A lsat la. New York; Scotia,
New York.
BARROW— Arrived— Wllklnsman, Philadel
phia.
NAPLES— Sailed— Karlmanla, New Tork.
NEW YORK— Sailed- Mohawk, London; An
oborla. Glasgow; Lucanla, Liverpool; Palatla,
Hamburg.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Frank M. Ayer and Annella Fahey. 30 — 23.
Lorenzo Belli and Erminla Simi, 28 — 18.
W. M. Ramsey and Frances Karle. 23 — IS.
JJ. J. Capelli and Sophie Giovannoni. 28 — 19.
A. A. Martens and Harriet I. Taylor. 28—20.
M. C. Pereira ami Izabel Martine. 37—27.
F. Parodi and Teresa Macchiavello. 23—20.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
ALLISON— In Angels Camp, February 2, 189$,
to the wife of Robert Allison, a daughter.
ARAKO-In ■\Vatsonvllle, February 4, ; 1898, to
the wife of Joseph Arano, a daughter.,
ARMSTRONG— In ; this city, February 12, 1898,
to the wife cf Gustaf Armstrong, a son.
BADIE— In Santa Clara, February 9, .1898, to
. the wife of Victor Badie, a daughter. ':'•;
BIRD— In this city, January 17, 1898, to the
wife of P. F. Bird, a daughter. ;»;
BROWELL— In this city, January 29, 1898, to
the wife of Robert Browell. a ■ son. ■
BRYANT— In - this city,' February 12, 1898, to
the wife Elwood E. Bryant, : . twins.
BENSEN— In this city. Februaj-y 8, IS9B, to the
wUa ot.Jobn Cfuseu, a son.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1898.
BUTLER— In this city. January 29, 1898, to the
wife of Thomas E. Butler, a daughter.
BROWN— In this city, January 23. 1898, to the
wife of Frank G. Brown, a daughter.
DONNELLY— In this city, February 4, 1898, to
the wife of Edward J. Donnelly, a daughter.
DODGE— Near Corralitos, February 9. IS9B, to
the wife of D. H. Dodge, a daughter.
DODGE— At Blue Canyon, February 7, 1898, to
the wife of James Dodge, a son.
DIETZ— In this city, February 11, 1898, to tha
wife of John E. Dietz, a daughter.
DOHERTY— In this city, February 9, 1898, to
the wife of Patrick Doherty, a son.
ENRIGHT— In Laguna, February 5, 1898. to the
wife of Joseph D. Enright, a son.
FARWELL— In Oakland, February 1. 1898, to
the wife of O. M. Farwell, a son.
GREVES- In this city. February C, 1898. to the
wife of George W. Greves, a daughter.
HEILMANN— In this city. February 2, IS9B, to
the wife of John E. Heilmann, a daughter.
HILL— In this city, February 10. IS9S, to the
wife of William Hill, a son.
HKUMANN— January 22. 1898, to the wife of
Max Heumann, a daughter.
HIGGINS— In this city, February 6. IS3B, to
the wife of Joseph Higgins, a daughter.
LANGLEY— In Prunedaie, February 4. 1898, to
the wife of Charles F. Langley, a daughter.
McGLYNN— February 9, IS9S, to the wife of
Thomas McGlynn, a daughter.
MAHLER— In this city, January' 26, 1898, to
the wife of J. D. Mahler, a daughter.
MILLER— In Colfax. February 9. li>9B, to the
wife of Milan Miller, a daughter.
MURTHA— In this city, February 7, 1898, to the
wife of Joseph Murtha. a daughter.
O'BRIEN— In this city, February 8, 1898, to the
wife of J. J. O'Brien, a son.
PRESCOTT— In Rocklin. February 9, 1898, to
the wife of George Prescott, a son.
SCHUMANN— In this city, February 8, 1898, to
the wife of Max E. Schumann, a daughter.
TIERNEY— In this city. February 9, 1898, to
the wife of John J. Tierney, a daughter.
TOMPKINSON— In Alameda, February 8, 1898.
tu the wife of J. J. Tompkinson, a daughter.
WEBSTER-In Penryn. February 5, 1898. to the
wife of Rev. D. Webster, a daughter.
WITBECK— In this city, January 14. 1898, to
the wife of Charles W. Wltbcclc. a son.
MARRIED.
ELLISON— HULBERT— In Sacramento. Febru-
ary 6, IS9B, Hugh Ellison and Lulu M. Hul-
bert.
PHILLIPS— LANDIS— In Sacramento. Febru-
ary 6, IS9B, William Phillips Jr. and Laura
I.andls.
ROHNER— HOLLINGSWORTH— In San Le-
andro, January 27. 189S, by the Rev. John
McEvoy, Frank G. Rohner of Chicago and
Mrs. Ida M. Hollinj;sworth of San Francisco.
DIKD.
Andornetti, Joseph Herrmann. Julius
Antonsen, Nicolaus Keating, Richard
Bassett, Elizabeth Latham. Evelj-n A.
Beebe, Rosanna I^efor, Annie
Bell. Addie F. McQuaide, Michael
Blake, Elizabeth Martin, Isabela C.
Bellinger. Nickolas Martin, Robert
Breese, Mrs. Mary Michelsen. Rasmus
Cesena, Rubble M. Moon. James
Clyne. Matthew R. Mulviliill. Thomas
Devany, Mary T. Nicholson. Minnie B.
Flinn, William B. O'Brien, Ann C.
Flannery. Mary L. Rusteberg, Andrew
Galvln, Garrett Sent. Lizzie A.
Gaskln, Elizabeth B. Sheehy. Ellen
Goodman. Moses A. Shields. Daniel
Hanson. Edward A. Smith, Ann E.
Hanson. William L. Swarts. William
Hardwick, Thomas Wheeler, John A.
Hardy, Mary A. Wolf. John W.
Hennessy, Katie Yung, Michael
ANDORNETTI— In this city, February 12, 1898,
Joseph, beloved son of the late Mrs. Julia
Blondin, and brother of. Paul Andornettl, a
native of San Francisco, aged 41 year 7
months and 5 days.
AN'TONSEN— In this city, February 10, 189S,
Nlcolaus, dearly beloved son of Hans and
Mary Antonsen. and brother of Sophie and
Willie Antonsen, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2 years 10 months and 18 days.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, corner Vermont and Hum-
boldt streets. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
BASSETT— In San Jose, February 10, 1898, Mrs.
Elizabeth J. Basset a native of New York,
aged 70 years 11 months and 3 days.
BEEBE— In Alameda. February 11. 1898, Ro-
sanna, beloved wife of the lute Colonel Jake
Beebe, and sister of Mrs. Mary Marlowe of
3261 Harrison street, San Francisco, a native
of County Meath. Ireland, aged 64 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of her sister, Mrs. Mary Marlowe. 3261 Har-
rison street, thence to St. Peter's Church,
Twenty-fourth and Alabama streets, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BELL-In this city, February 12 1898, Addle
F., beloved wife of John K. Bell, daughter of
Mrs. I. J. Willtts, and sister of O. S., J. M.,
C. L. and I. J. Willits and Mrs. CM.
Bowen. a native of Indiana, aged 34 years.
IC7" Friend" and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 21 Elgin Park. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral-
car. _• '
BLAKE— In this city, February 12, 1898. Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of the late John Blake,
and mother of Thomas F. , John P. and Flos-
sie A. Blake and Mrs. J. J. Murray, • and
sister of Mrs. John Doyle, a native of Lim-
erick, Ireland, aired 63 years and. 4 months.
(Grass Valley and Boston papers please
copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 719 Golden Gate avenue, thence to
St. Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be held for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9:80 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. . •
BOLLINGER— In this city, February 12. 1898.
Nickolas, beloved husband of Mary Bollin-
ger, father of Frank, James, Louis, Charles,
Henry, George, Emma, Kate and Jessie Bol-
linger, and brother of Frank Bollinger, Mrs.
Emma Doll and Mrs. Hortiz, a native of St.
Louis, Mo., aged 52 years 3 months and 18
days. A member of Unity Lodge No. 27,
A. O. U. W., and Austrian Benevolent So-
ciety. (St. Louis, Mo., papers please copy.)
IC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
Monday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 239 Green street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. ' -
A. O. U. W.— Hall of Unity Lodge No. 27. A.
O. U. W.. ?2 O'Farrell street: The funeral
escort Is hereby notified to assemble at the
hall to-morrow (Monday), morning, at 9:30
o'clock, to attend the funeral of • our late
brother, X. Bollinger. Fines will be strictly-
enforced. By order of
C. W. PECK. Master Workman.
H. GRIMSHAW, Recorder.
BREESE— In Auburn, February 6. 189S, Mrs.
Mary Breese, a native of Wales, aged 69
years 8 months and 14 days.
CESENA— In South San Francisco, February
12, 1898, Rubble Marguerite, dearly beloved
and youngest daughter of Sipriano and Eva
Cesena, and sister of Estella, Violet and
Glatus Cesena, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 months.
It^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the luneral > this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 1833 Fifteenth avenue south,
between P and Q streets south. South San
Francisco. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CLYNE— In this city. February 11. 1898, Mat-
thew R., beloved husband of Delia Clyne,
and father of Thomas J. Clyne. Mrs. John
Sernau and the late Edward M. and Bart-
ley P. Clyne, a native of Ireland, aged 53
years. : .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 769 Harrison street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, Brannan street, near Fourth,
for services. Interment Holy Cross cemetery.
DEVANY— In this city, February 11, 1898, Mary
T., beloved wife of John A. L»evany, and
mother of John A. Jr., Mollle and Annie
Devnny, a native of Gal way, Ireland. (New
Orleans. La., papers please copy.) :
Friends and acquaintances are r««n*>^t-
fully invited to attend the funeral- to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her laic iv.^.-
dence, 318 Shotwell street, thence to the
Church of St. Charles Borronreo, Eighteenth
and Shotwell streets, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for-ihe repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
FLINN— In this city, February 12, 1898, 'Wil-
liam 8., beloved husband of Catherine M.
Flinn,' and father of Thomas ; J., Marlon A.
and Catherine M. Flinn and Mrs. H. S.
Burke, a native of England, aged 69 years.
FLANNERY— Oakland, February 12, IS9B,
.Mary L.. beloved wife of James Flannery,
and sister of Mrs. Winifred Dowd and Mrs.
. K. G. Tyrrell, . a native of Flushing, Long
Island, N. V., aged 56 years and 7 months.
E7"Notice of funeral hereafter. : -
GALVIN— In this city, February 12, 1898, Gar-
rett, beloved husband of Mary A. Galvln,
and father of Charles A., William A.. E. J.
and Harry M. Galvin, a native of ■: Antlgo-
nrsh. Nova Scotia, aged 75 years and 4
months. .
ICTRemalns at the undertaking parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue. No-
tice of funeral hereafter.
GASKIN— In this city, February 12. IS9S. Eliza-
beth 8., relict of the late G. W. Gaskin, and
mother of John Ti. Gaskin. a native of Mich-
igan, aged 68 years 11 months and 11 days.
{C7 1 Notice of funeral hereafter.
GOODMAN— In this city, February 12. 1898.
Moses Adoliphus. husband of Laura Good-
man, and father of Charles, Bennie, George
and Florence Goodman, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 41 years 2 months and 1 day.
HANSON— In this city, February 11, 1898, Ed-
ward Alvln, beloved son or Oscar B. and 11.
Sophie Hanson, and brother of Edna Marin
and George Benard Hanson, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year.
E?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the home of
the partnts, 1481 Fifteenth street, near How-
ard.
[ANSON— In this city, February 11, JB9B, Wil-
liam Leslie, . beloved ' son of ■W. ■ E. and Sara
L. Hanson, and brother of ,L. >- Amy and
Charles B. Hanson, a . native ; of , San . Fran-
cisco, aged 3 years 6 months and 8 days. ■'
CT'Frlends and > acquaintances : are ! respect-
fully Invited ' to attend the funeral ■ this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 3346 Twenty-sixth street, cor-
ner Capp. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HARDWICK— In East Oakland. February U.
1898, Thomas, beloved father of Mrs. H. X-
Dingley, Mrs. N C Camall and Captain
E. P. Hardwick, a native of Quincy, Mass.,
aped 93 years 7 months and 27 days. (Bos-
ton and Quincy papers please copy.)
{D^The 'uneral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of Mrs Dingley, 576 East Fifteenth
street, East Oakland. Interment private.
HARDY— In Oakland, February. 12* IS9B, Mary
A., beloved wife of L. J. Hardy Sr.. and
mother of R. C. Potts, a natli-e of .b'niia-
dolphla. Pa., aged 69 yars.
CT-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1-30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 715 Market street. Services at
First Unitarian Church. Fourteenth and Cas-
tro streets, at 2 o'clock. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
HERRMANN— In this city. February 11, 1898,
Julius Herrmann, a native of Germany, aged
23 years 10 months and 7 days. A member
of Herrmann Stamm No. 224. V. O. R. M.
(□^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Red Men s Hall.
ElO Bush street. .Remains at the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HENNESSY— In Rio Vista. February 11, 1898
Katie, beloved sister of John Hennessy and
Mrs. Michael Donovan, a native of Parish
Myron, County fork. Ireland, aged 23 years.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atten.l the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from «10 Larkin
street, thence to St. Dominic's Church,
Steiner street, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 11:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
KEATING— In this city. February 11, 1898,
Richard, dearly beloved husband of Elizabeth
Keating and father of Maggie, John. David,
Thomas, George, Arthur and the late Kich-
ard Keating, a native of Tlpperary, Ireland,
a^ed 56 years.
[C7"Ftlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 609 Grove street: thence to Sacred
Heart Church, Fell and Fillmore streetb,
whore a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock, thence by 11 a. m. Tlburon
ferry, broadgauge. Interment San liafael
Cemetery.
LATHAM— In this city, February 9. 1898.
Evelyn Adelaide, dearly beloved daughter of
John and Mac Latham, grandchild of Mrs.
S. E Crowoll, and niece of Adelaide Crow-
ell and Mr. and Mrs. H. G. Otis, aged 4
years and E months. (San Jose, baratoga.
Rochester, N. V.. Portland. Me., and Los
Angeles papers please copy.)
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attpnd the services at the
home of Mr H. G. Otis. 2«59 Sacramento
street, at 2:30 o'clock, this day (Sunday).
Interment private.
LEFOR— In this city, February 12, 1898, Anl
nic, beloved wife of Adolph Lefor, and sis-
ter of Mrs. Mary Scott and Mrs. B. J. Bird-
sail, a native of Canada, aged 48 years.
lES'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atten.l the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2940 Fillmore street, thrnce to St.
Bridget's Church. Van Ness avenue and
Broadway, where a polemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her
noul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
McQUAIDE- In this city, February 11. WM,
Michael, h->lpved husband of Mary Mc-
Quaide, and dearly beloved father of Kath-
ryn G.. Owen J. ' and Sarah C McQuaide,
Mrs. M. Cooper and Mrs. James P. Fogarty.
a native of County Donegal, Ireland, aged
74 years and 3 months.
[TT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3369 Seventeenth street, thence to
Mission Dolores Church, corner Sixteenth
and Dolores streets, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MARTIN- In this city, February 12, IS9R, Isa-
bela «'. Martin, a native of Brunswick, Me.,
aged S5 years. (Maine papers please copy.)
MARTIN— In this city, February 12. 1898, Rob-
ert Martin, aged 3f> years.
MK'HELSEN— In this city, February 11. 1898,
Rasmus, beloved fnther of Antune and Mil-
lie M'rhelsen, a native of Norway, aged 53
years 7 months and 29 days.
Ey Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the luneral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street. Fu-
neral under the auspices of Court Columbia
Xo. 55, F. of A. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
MOON— At Taylor Mine. El Dorado County.
February 7. 18W. James Moon, a native of
England, aged 73 years 5 months and 12 days.
MULVIHILL— In Los Angeles, Cal., February
— , 1898. Thomas Mulvihlll. beloved son of
the late Johanna Sullivan, and brother of
John and Jerry Mulvihill. Mrs. John Mur-
phy and Birdie, Dollie and Willie Sullivan.
a nalive of St. Louis. Mo., aged 29 years 3
months and 7 Jays. (New York papers
pi ease copy.)
(E?"FrlendF and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12 o'cloc k, from the residence of
his sister, Mrs. John Murphy. 3214 Seven-
teenth Ftroet. thenco to St. Charles Church,
Eighteenth and Shutwell streets, for serv-
ices. Intermpnt Holy Cross Cemeterj'.
NH'HOLSON-Xear Alviso. February 10, ISnS.
Minnie E. Nicholson, a native of Santa
Clara, ged 3d years.
O'BRIEN— In Hook Creek District, February t.
IS9S. Ann Carroll O'Brien, a native of Ire-
land, aged f.S years 7 months and 2 days.
RI'STEBERG- In this city, February 10, IR9B,
Andrew, beloved husbnnd of the late Fred-
erike RustelierK, and father of Mrs. F. Lan-
genberger. a native of Hanover. Germany,
aged 62 yearn S months and 22 days. A mem-
ber of Mtuical Fund Society, Musicians'
Mutual Protective Union and Verein Ein-
tracht.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2705 Folsom street, thence to Eintracht
Hall, Twelfth street, between Howard and
Folsom, where funeral services will be held,
commencing at 12 o'clock. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
SENF- In this city, February 12, 1898, Lizzie
A., beloved wife of George Senf and mother
of Loon S. Quimby and Eva E. Senf, a native
of New Hampshire, aged 56 years 11 months
nnd 11 days. (Sacramento. Cal., Virginia
City, New, and Andover, N. H. papers
please copy.)
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
February 15. at 2:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2751 Bush street. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery-
SHEEHY— In thic city, February 12. 1898, Ellen
Sneehy, a native of Ireland, aged 68 years.
SHIELDS— In the City and County Hospital,
February 12, 1898, Daniel Shields, a native of
Ireland, aged 33 years.
S} J.J TI£ T. ln , this city, February 9. 1898, Ann"
Eliza Smith, dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
Charlotte E. Dlxon and Charles C. Smith,
and mother-in-law of Edmund Dixon. a na-
tive of Marlborough. Ulster County, N. V
a^^'. years 7 months and 9 days.
, (ETFriends ant acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral ihls day
(Sunday; at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
°.f.. f . her- daughter, Mrs. Edmund Dlxon. 1006
Washington street. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
SWARTS— In this city. February 12. 1898, Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Lucy Swarts, and
father of Thomas J.. Lottie M. and Wil-
liam J. Swarts and Mrs. R. E. Franklin, a
"£V V - c a f Canaaa - aged 56 years 3 months
and 5 days.
WHEELER- In this city. February 11, 1898.
jonn , a., Covert husband of Margaret C.
heeler, and brother-in-law of Mrs. D I.
r eW .? ka d Mrs - M - E - Cobleigh. a native
and 2lTdav2 I Tdav= USeUSI aged 72 years 11 months
and 24 day?.
# CpTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 2635 Mission street, between Twenty-
second and Twenty-third. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric-car from Thir-
tieth street and San Jose avenue.
WOLF— this city. February 10, : 1898, John
William, beloved husband ->f Margaret C
Wolf, and father of William H.. Alice M.,
Annie M., Lulu E., George: E., Ralph R
and Daniel L. Wolf, a native of Germany,
aged 75 years 9 months and 26 days. Mem-
ber of Oakland Lodge No. 188, F. and A.
M;, University Lodge No. 144. I. O. O. F.,
and Golden Rule Encampment No. 34.
E7"Funcral services this day (Sunday), at
2 o'clock, at Masonic Temple. Oakland.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
Invited, Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
YITNG— In West Oakland, February 12, 189S,
Michael, beloved husband of Margaret L.
Yung, a native of Germany, aged 47 years 4
months and 14 dyas.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS
20 FIFTH ST.. Opp. Lincoln Sohool.
Telephone, South 80.
JAS. ENGLISH. T. K. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
il Van Ness aye., near Market at., San
Francisco. Telephone So. 156.
Estab. 185S Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCH RAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
22,24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants. Spacious chapel for the usa
.of cur patrons. Rubber tires on our ambulance.
SELLS BURIAL LOTS AND GRAVES.
PERPETUAL CARE.
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION,
I Juoctlon of Busb Street and Central
Avenue. Sar) Francisco.
THE STOCK MARKET.
The past week was uneventful In mining
stocks, and prices were lower at the close than
on the preceding Saturday.
The Consolidated California and Virginia
output last week amounted to twelve tons of
ore of the average assay value of $41 42 per
ton.
The Portland Gold Mining Company of Colo
rado has declared a dividend of 1 cent per
share, amounting to $30,000. and payable Feb
ruary 18.
The final shipment of bullion was made from
the Ontario mill at Park City, Utah, on Feb
ruary 9. The mill started in January. 1877.
since which time about 34,000,000 fine ounces of
silver have been contributed from thin one
mine and with the aid of this one plant alone.
] A large number of men are reported leaving
to seek employment elsewhere.
The Anchoria-Leland Mining Company of
Colorado will pay a dividend of 1 per cent per
share, amounting to $6000, on February 15.
The Boston and Montana Copper Mining
Company of Montana will pay a dividend of $3
per share, amounting to $450,000, on February
19.
Charles R. Bishop has been elected president
of the California Title Insurance Company.
The feature of local securities on the Bond
Exchange was th.c advance In Oceanic Steam
ship to $53 26 bid.
MINING_STOCKS.
Highest prices of socks during the week:
Name of Stock. M. | tT| W. jT. T~F. S.
Alpha osj 05| 041 04 j 051 04
Alta 18 19 17| 16 21 1 19
Andes is 12 n n n| li
Belcher 30 294 28 27 26| 26
Best & Belcher 42 42| 41 40 39j 39
Bullion 08 071 081 07 07 06
Caledonia 16 161 17 17 M| 19
Challenge 30 30! 2? 28 27 SO
Chollar 22 40 1 41 401 38 3S
Con Cal &Va 95 92 90 88 j 88 84
Confidence 701 71 731 70 70 70
Crown Point 20 20 1 181 17 16! 16
Gould & Curry 28 27! 28! 28 26| 26
Hale & Norcrosß 1 55|1 Roll sbl 55 1 50! 150
Mexican 38! 34 3C| 35 33! 33
Ophlr 50| BO 53 51 49 1 50
Overman 06i 05 06! 05 05! 06
Occidental 1 5511 5511 55!1 5511 65il 55
Potosl 221 22 26. 23i 211 23
Savage „. 32 31 28 1 28 1 26 1 27
Seg Belcher 05 05 03 1 04| 04 03
Sierra Nevada 100100100 98 88 87
Union 41 42 40 40 38 37
ttah H 11 10 10 09 Oi
Yellow Jacket 30 28 26 J4j 24 23
BOARD SALE&
Following were the Rales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session— 9:3o.
200 Challenge 3D ' 100 Savage .... 27
200 Mexican 32 iKO Sierra Nevada. .. 87
200 Occidental 1 5", 100 {t«
lOOOphir 50 100 Utah V. 08
100 Potosl 23 1 100 Yellow Jacket.. 25
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session— lo :SO.
300 Best & Belchr... 40 200 Hale & Norcrs..l 55
400 Caledonia 19 600 Mexican 34
200 In 250 Ophlr 50
200 Challenge Con.. 2<< 300 Potosl ... 22
500 Chollar 3S 150 Savage 2S
300 3.) r,oo S B & M 04
600 Con Cal & Va.. 86 2.50 Sierra Nevada.. M
300 8:. 600 $5
500 Con Imperial ... 01 ! 700 Yellow Jacket.. 25
300 Gould & Curry.. 26 f
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, Feb. 12—18 m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 05 1 Justice 37 3.t
Alta 19 20 ! Kentuck 03 04
Andes 11 12 1 Lady Wash ... — 03
Belcher 26 27 j Mexican 33 34
Best & Beichr. 39 40 1 New York 01 02
Bullion .". 06 07 Occidental 150 160
Caledonia 19 21 Ophir 50 51
Challenge 29 30 Overman 05 06
Chollar 38 39 Potosl 22 24
Confidence 70 75 1 Savage 26 27
Con Imperial .. 01 02 Scorpion .^.^^.. 06 —
Con Cal & Va. S4 S6iSeg Belcher 03 04
Crown Point... 16 17 Sierra Nevada. 81 82
Eureka — 2b Silver Hill .... 03 04
Exchequer 01 o. 1 ! Standard —160 i
Gould & Curry. 26 27 Union 37 3$ I
Hale <te Norcrs.l i*>o 155 Utah 08 09
Julia 01 03 Yellow Jacket. 25 26
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
BATTTRDAT, Feb. 12—10:30 a. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U 8 Bonds— MEL Co — la%
4s quar coup..H3H — Oakland Gas.. 66 ' —
4s (juar reg..112% — Pac Gas Im.. !>3 93%
4s qnar new. ..125 — Pac LCo 56>4 57
Miscellaneous— S F G & E 9414 94&.
Cal-st Cab 08.112V4U5 San Fran 314 —
Cal El 6s 126 Vi — Stockton Gas. U% —
C C Wat 55..1C2&103<* Insurance—
Dup-st ex c. — aSH Firem's Fnd... — 200
E L * P 65.. 128 — Bank Stocks—
P & Ch Ry65.117& — Anglo-Cal .... 64 —
Geary-st R ss. — 102 Bank of Ca1.. 245 247V4
HC & 8 s>*. 105 — Cal SD & T.. — 101
LAL Co 65.. — 100 First Nat 200
Do gntd 65.. 100 — Lon P & A .130 —
Market-st 6s. 125% — Mer Exchnge. 1414 —
Do Ist M 55.115Vi116^ Nev Nat 8...150 —
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 100 Savings Banks—
N C ngßy 78.101H — Ger S & L..1530 —
NRy Cal 65.. 110 111 Hum S & L.1050 1160
XR y Cal 55..102<4 — Mutual Say. 35 40
XPC Ry 65.104 Vi — S F Say U.. 470 —
NPC Ry 55. 100 — S& L So.. . — 100
N Cal R 55... 102 — I Security S B :."0 —
Oak Gas 55.. .104 — Union T Co 950 —
Do 2d is 55.. 11 l 111% Street Railroad—
Om Ry 6s 125%130 California ....107% —
P&O 6s 110 115 Gtary 40 —
P&Ch Ry 65. 108 — Market-st .... 53 534
Powell-st 65... 119 — Oak SL& H. — —
Reno WL&L.. — 105 Presidio — lt>
Sac ElecßySs. — 100 rowder—
H F & N P 55.107V4107M: California ....107% —
SPof Ar 65..103 1 * — IE Dynamite .. — 90
S P Cal 6s 110 — IGiant Con Co. 43V4 43%
SPC Is eg ss. - 99ViiVi(f.jrit 4 4%
S P Br 6s 112 — Miscellaneous—
S V Wat 65..119-*l2OVi Al Pac Assn.. 98 99
S V Wat 45..102 7 i,103 Ger Ld Wks..lu« 150
Stock Gas 65.. 100 104 Vi H C & S Co. 35>4 Zb%
Water— Hutch S P Co. 47»4 47%
Contra Costa.. 54 55 Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Marln Co .... M — Nat Vln Co, . . — 7H
Spring Val ...100 100' iOc S Co 53V4 54
Gas & Eleotric— Pac A F Al.. IV. 2V4
Cent Gaslight. 98M; — Pac Bor C 0... 95<4 —
Capital Gas... — — Par Paint Co. 6)4 —
MORNING SESSION.
130 Giant Powder Con 43 37U
ITO do do 4350
20 Hutchlnson S P Co 47 62V»
50 do do 4750
ISO Market-street Railway 53 12' a
10 Mutual Electric Light 15 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 94 75
25 do do 94 50
50 do do 8 90 94 00
50 do do s 30 94 00
JIOOO Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonds 102 00
600 Vigorit Powder 4 00
Street—
20 Contra Costa Water 55 00
JIO.tXK) Ferries and Cliff House 80nd5.... 11g 00
100 Market-street Railway 53 12»»
53000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonds 102 2o'
$14. 'XH) Park and Cliff House Bonds 108 00
$2000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 103 00
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
F V Kresllng, StanfrdjF Carney Jr, Wlsconsn
C F James, New York Mrs P A Ducey Detrt
G W Brown, Stanford A Seebery. Indiana
W Flemmtng. Pa Mrs A Seebery, Ind
X Robey, Baltimore Mrs F Carney Wls
D Stark, New York s Long, Chicago
Mrs C X James, NY AH Zenner, Detroit
Mrs W Fiemming, Pa \v B Well, New York
A Goodman, New York B West, Stanford
W Brecklnridge, Ariz A \y Batehelder, Mass
N O Bagge, NY b Stelnman, Sacto
H R Dufrin, Los Ang vu a ron yon Irvalne, Ger
T T Marsh, California A Agaasiz. Cambridge
G G MaKay, Los Ang m Agasslz, Cambridge
H C Glade. Honolulu w Woodworth. Camhr
J M Lakeman, Cal a G Mayer. Cambridge
C S Hibbard, US N h B Mouck, Wash
Mrs T T Marsh, Cal j a Cruikshank N V
A J Singer. Chicago c Henne. Stanford
E H Rothrock, Cal Mrs J H Simpson. Cal
A P Brayton Jr, Cal j Schwartz. Missouri
J H Pierce, Greenfield p c Powers. Mass
D Rankin, Missouri i E Ingalls. Buffalo
J A Fleming, Mo | Mrs E Ingalls. Buffalo
C Clark» Portland o A Molson, Montana
R J Sickels, NY j w Cox. New York
F Carney. Wisconsin
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P S Wood. Sandon ' J M Hansen, Vallelo
S Keiser & w. 111 [M Falrweather, S Jse
S Ogden. Bouldln Isl C M Smith. Carson
T Murphy, San Jose |J B Farnsworth.Rlo V
G Hatch, Oakdale H B Hawks, Seattle
A Barope. San Jose A Roberts. Tacoma
F W Delhi. Cal C X Williams. S Jose
J Brown. Stockton |J Cochrane & w.Chcg
C Valencia, S Pablo S Patte, Reno
J F Grant, Seattle J E Green, Pleasntn
M Dohrman, S Diego
GRAND HOTEL.
F T Keeler&w, Oakld H Smith&w, Madera
W J Berry, Seima G M Foote. Holllster
E Brurer. Sacto D C McClelland. Cal
T A Phaw Jr, Chicago Mrs Samuels, Mayfleld
H X Harrison, Grafton Mrs Krleha, Stanford
R McDonald, Oakland O Krleha. Stanford
C M Fickert, Palo A H Duffln&w, L Ang
F C Gibbons, Stockton Dr C A Ruggles Stkn
T J Steing&w, Stkn U S Gregory, Jackson
D Cummins, Memphis iC J Wnllquest, Sacto
M J Nirsen. S Diego |F E Wallquest, Sacto
S J Roper&w. S JoseiL Lautzenhlser Denvr
Miss Beckington. San G L MH'andless. Sacto
Jose C Brown&w. Hollister
A J Rockwell, Chicago J C Harkhauser San
W E Smythe, N V Rafael.
G A Hoffman. Sacto E B Merlng. Woodland
J Dougherty. Nevada Dr Grtfflth&s. S Rosa
J T Grace, S Rosa C Francee, Salinas
H I Seymour, Sacto C White, L Ang
A Lamont&w, Sacto S C Correll, Merced
J H Denton, Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
T Longmore, Cal W J Maxime, Denver
J J Sullivan&w, Cal E S Marmlon. Denver
Mrs Sweany, Phila Alice E Jones, S Jose
M E Harris. Oakland Ida M Jones. S Jose
G Meyer, Antioch W Biedenweg&w. Chi
J B Frank, Denver Mrs Milton, Sausalito
S Shorlnger, Chicago W D I>avis, S Rosa
C Smith, Chicago A H Christen, Milwke
F C Stettler, Dayton J Magee&w, Vallejo
E J Caldwell, Helena A W Brooks. Stockton
C E Brady. Chleo J F Anderson, S Jose
London funerals cost over £1,000,000
annually.
LUX MONET
WENT UP
IN SMOKE
Interesting Tale of a
Case in the Jus
tice Court.
Attorneys Insinuate That
Cigars Were Lighted
With Greenbacks.
One of the Heirs of the Great
Lux Estate as a
Defendant.
KEPT A BUGGY FOR WEEKS
His Attorneys Inslrm«t« That He
Was the Worse for
Liquor.
If Insinuations that were thrown out
in the Justice Court yesterday are to
be believed, the millions of the late
Charles Lux, or at least the portion
that belongs to Charles A. Lux, are go
ing up in smoke.
Young Lux and his wife, who was
designated as Madge Lux, were the de
fendants in Justice Groezinger's court
in a suit brought by John W. Murphy,
proprietor of the St. George Stables,
for carriage hire.
It developed in the testimony that on
July 1 last Lux hired a buggy from
Murphy for the ostensible purpose of
going to the park for a few hours' drive.
Murphy testified that instead of being
kept a few hours, the time of detention
of the vehicle was more lifce a few
weeks, and that when the rig came
back it was in a most deplorable condi
tion.
He asked the court to award him $200
for damages to the outfit, hire of the
buggy and the loss of sundry articles
connected with the rig.
Lux, when he took the stand, testi
fied that he did not remember anything
about the horse, buggy or accouter
ments, except that the vehicle was "a
square box with a whole lot of old
wheels."
Stableman Murphy testified that
when the horse and buggy came back,
after an absence of three weeks,
the horse was practically ruined, and :
that the buggy was in such a condition ]
that it cost him 521 to have it repaired. !
Attorney Benson, for the defendant, j
1 was evidently determined to show that ;
his client was incompetent from drink
at the time he hired the rig, and asked
Murphy whether he did not know that
Lax was intoxicated, and that he had ',
I endeavored to light his cigar with a
' burning five-dollar bill at the time he
left the stable. Murphy knew nothing \
of such circumstances.
Justice Groezinger decided that there
was no case against Mrs. Lux, and dis
missed the case against her, reserv
! ing his decision tn the case of the hus
band for a decision on next Monday.
Attorney Regesburger, who conduct
ed the case for Murphy, states that if
the decision goes against him he will
appeal the matter to the Superior
Court, and that more interesting testi- i
mony will be brought out.
Home Industry Works Well.
The big furniture house of the Patto
sien Company is kept busy night and day
making the nicest kind of Furniture.
Prices lower than Eastern goods. *
CAPTURED TWO
BAD BURGLARS
A Couple of Young Fellows
With Records in the
Toils.
Believed to Bo the Men Who Broke
Into the Barth Jewalry
Store.
Two young fellows, who are suspected
of being the burglars who broke Into the
jewelry store of Rudolph Barth at 141
Post street Sunday morning, were cap
tured early Tuesday morning by Officer
Jim Cavanaugh, and their names put on
the small book at the California-street
station. They were later transferred to
the City Prison and will probably be
booked to-morrow morning.
The men gave their names as George
Thompson and John Brown, and neither
of them Is over 20 years old, but they
have rather bad records. Thompson's
real name is George Riley and he is the
man who was tried about a year ago for
the murder of a man named Hennessy at
the St. David House on Howard street.
He was acquitted of the charge because
of the sudden death of the principal wit
ness from poison. Besides this he wa«
up once before burglary. The name
Brown goes by among his friends is
Ritchie.
Sunday the two men took a room at the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fTBE OWT
DRUG CO.
CUT-RATE
DRUGGISTS,
1121 MARKET ST., San Francisco,
> ..aj— .-— 10th and Broadway, Oakland.
WHOLESALE ARREST OF
SAN FRANCISCO DRUGGISTS
FOR SELLING
COUNTERFEIT PATENT MEDICINES.
To meet our CITT RATE PRICES about forty
druggists of this city have resorted to any
means to meet them. The leading Patent Med-
icine Manufacturers of the country have dis-
covered that their preparations are being man-
ufactured on this coast by counterfeiters and
sold to these druggists to meet the CUT
RATE PRICES of "THE OV.'L."
The manufacturers have conferred with us
and positively state that they will suppress
the nefarious practice and have caused us to
Insert this advertisement stating that all gen-
uine Patent Medicines may be procured of us,
as we purchase of the manufacturer direct.
$1000 REWARD
For any article sold by us that is not
genuine.
If you want to be sure to get the
genuine buy of "THE OWL."
New Avenue House on Kearny street and
kept it until Monday evening. During
that day the bedmaker entered the room
and saw on the bed a number of watches,
some other jewelry and about $20 in mon
ey. This created some suspicion, and lat
er the police were notilied and made a
search of the room, but found nothing but
an extension watch key. About 2 o'clock
Tuesday morning- Ritchie and Riley re
turned to the house and* inquired for the
key, and when they could not find it gave
up the room. They were watched when
they left the place and Officers Cava
naugh, Peters and McMahon arrested
them at a beer hall on Kearny street.
They had nothing on them to connect
them with the burglary, but the clerk of
the New Avenue House identified them as
the men who had rented the room.
The key is the only evidence there 19
against the men, as the other goods they
had in the room have not been found, but
it Is believed that this will be sufficient
to convict. Mr. Barth, while he cannot
positively identify the key as his on ac
count of its similarity to all watch keys,
says that a key was taken from his store
on the morning of the burglary. He had
received a dozen new keys of that kind
but two days before and had sold none,
but there were only eleven in the box the
day after the robbery. Among other
things taken from the store was about
$20 of counterfeit money which had been
passed at the store from time to time. It
is believed that this was the money the
people at the hotel saw in Thompson and
Brown's room.
Advances made on furniture and planoe, with
or without removal. J. Xcnan, 1017-1023 Mission.
GOOD TEMPLARS.
Major C. A. Bateman. a member of
Grand International Order of Good Tem
plars and one of the United States or
ators, will lecture this afternoon at 8
o'clock In the Temperance Hall at 731
Market street on "The World's Tri
umphs."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ELECTRO 7 "
MEDICAL
TREATMENT
THIS NEW APPLICATION OF THH
combined curative powers of both
medical and electrical treatment as ad-
ministered by the skilled physicians of
the .Electro - Medical Institute, corner
Market, Powell and - Eddy streets, has
proven a wonderful success, exercising
over disease a curative power never be-
fore known to the Medical World. The
Doctors of this Institute are curing all
manner of diseases so quickly that those
who had lost all hope of health are
amazed at the wonderful results obtained
through this new system of Electricity
and Medicine combined. Immediate relief
is given, and a perfect cure speedily fol-
lows, many of which would have been im-
possible through electrical treatment alone
or medical treatment alone.
Urni/ro Insomnia, Hysteria, Chronic
RLnTLOi Headaches, Nervous Twitch-
ings, Palpitation of the Heart, Dizziness,
Evil Forebodings. Melancholia, WEAK,
and SINKING SPELLS, NERVOUS DE-
BILITY and all its attending ailments.
The awful effects of neglected or improp-
erly treated cases, producing Weakness
of body and brain. Dizziness. Failing
memory. Lack of energy and confidence.
Pains in back, loins and kidneys, and
other distressing symptoms. Our Elec-
tro-Medical Treatment is the only suc-
cessful cure for nervous ailments.
DUCIIMATICM and all kindred diseases
nnLUITIH I of the joints and mus-
cles YIELD AT ONCE to its influences.
PATADDU of the Nose, Throat,' Lungs
UHlnrinn and Stomach. Our special
combined Catarrh treatment never fails.
BLOOD AND SKIN classes thoroughly
eradicated from the system. ..
niCCACCC of the HEART, STOMACH.
UIOCAOLO liver, kidneys, blad-
DER and KINDRED ORGANS treated
by the Electro-Medical System with un-
failing success.
1 «n|CQ This Electro - Medical Com-
LnUlLOi bined treatment is a boon to
sufferers from all diseases peculiar to ;
women.
IA/DITC if you cannot call and get the
if nil L Doctors* opinion of your case
and
CONSULTATION FREE at office or by
letter.
STATE ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE
Market, Powell and Eddy Sts.,
? ENTRANCE 3 EDDY ST.,
Bnn Francisco, Cal.
IB ■ »«i of s |I j B wr ~ s &
I Mr. Ttcmas Butler — g|
B D? 4' Sir: 9
■ Ooihing and Woolen 'Blank- I|l
H ets made by Brown 'Bros. <&■•»
■ Co. are the best on the Khn-M
V dike. Every one wants n
B know how and where tw^o/BS
X Claude find Clinton Rise. |§
|Igl-lg3SansornftSh|j
The Weekly Gall;
©/ It Publishes the Cream of th«
News of the Week and
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
©^ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°( IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
O< PAPER ON THE
■J PACIFIC CO AST
3 — \ /—/ —
"5. The Best ' \ / Mining
< ~J Telegraphic \/ News That
°\ Service on /\ Is Accurate
©< The Coast / up to dat«
|{ / 'V'; ...
o^ Not a Line of it Sensational ,
©/ or Faky, and Not a Line of
*J it Dry or Uninteresting.
©< Bright, Clean, - A Champ on of
J Thoughtful. Truth. . :
<J A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
J ALL THE TIME.
"3 IT ADVOCATES I SENT BY
HOME MAIL, $1.5*
INDUSTRIES 1 A year.TEXT OF A
FAMOUS CASE
Jireuit Court of Appeals
Decides the Richmond
Telephone Suit.
The Opinion Sets at Rest Sev
eral Points of the Highest
Importance.
Able Discussion of a Vexed Question
Which Will Act as a
Precedent.
The late decision of the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals in the Rich
mond telephone litigation has attract
ed so much attention that The Call
presents it in full as published in the
Richmond Times on February 2.
The full text of the opinion is as fol
lows:
City of Richmond, appellant vs. South
ern Bell Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany, appellee. Appeal from the Circuit
court of the United States for the East
ern District of Virginia, at Richmond.
Argued November 12. 1897. Decided Feb
ruary 1, 1898. Before Simonton, Circuit
Judge, and Brawley and Purnell. District
Judges.
Charles V. Meredith for appellant: Hill
Carter of Leake & Carter and A. L. Hol
laday of Stiles & Holladay for appellee.
Simonton, Circuit Judges.
This case comes up on appeal from the
decree of the Circuit Court of the United
States for the Eastern District of Vir
ginia.
The complainant is a corporation or
ganized under the laws of the State of
New York as a telephone and telegraph
company. It is engaged in the business
of a telephone company and of construct
ing and operating telephone lines in and
through the States of Virginia. West
Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina.
Georgia, Alabama and Florida. It has
maintained and operated for several
years all the apparatus necessary for
transmitting telephone messages in the
city of Richmond, Va., and has erected
and maintained along certain streets and
alleys of said city numerous poles and
wires for this purpose.
The complainant company was incor
porated on the 11th of December, 1579. In
ISS4 it applied to the city of Richmond
for authority to erect its poles and run
its wires along the streets and alleys of
said city, and by an ordinance passed
June 21, 1884, this permission was granted
as to such routes as may be specified and
agreed on by resolution or resolutions of
the Committee on Streets from time to
time, and on the conditions and provi
sions of the ordinance. These conditions
and provisions are: That on any route
conceded by the Committee on Streets
and accepted by the company the poles
should be so placed by the company un
der the direction of the City Engineer, as
to allow for the use of said poles by the
fire alarm and police telegraph, in all
cases giving the choice of position to the
city's wires. To furnish telephone serv
ice to the city at a special reduction of
HO per year for each station. No shade
trees to be disturbed, cut or damaged
■without permission of the City Engineer
and the consent of the owners of the
property in front of which the trees
stand. All this work to be in every re
spect subject to the supervision and con
trol of the City Engineer. The ordinance
to be subject at any time to repeal, such
repeal to go into effect twelve months
after the passage of the repealing ordi
nance.
On the 13th of February, lSS9,.the South
ern Bell Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany, the complainant, accepted without
reservation ail of the restrictions and ob- :
ligations of the act of Congress,, ap
proved July 24, 1866, entitled "An act to
aid in the construction of telegraph lines
and to secure to the Government the use
of the same for postal, military and other
purposes." :
And thereupon, on February IS. ISS9, the
Postmaster-General certmed that this
acceptance was on file in the Postoffice
Department. This act of Congress is in
these words:
Section 163. Any telegraph company now
organized, or which may hereafter by organ
ized under the laws of any State, shall have
the right to construct, maintain and operate
lines of telegraph through and over any por
tion of the public domain of the United States.
over and along any of the military or post
roads of the United States, which have been or
may hereafter be declared such by law, and
over, under or across the navigable streams or
■waters if the United States; but such lines
of telegraph shall be so constructed and main
tained as not to obstruct the navigation of
such streams and waters, or Interfere with
the ordinary travel on such military or post
roads. , v i'">V: —
Section 5268. Before any telegraph company ;
shall exercise any of the powers or privileges
conferred by law such company shall file \
their written acceptance with the Postmaster- :
General of the restrictions and obligations re- !
quired by law. ; ". .
THE ORDINANCE.
On December 14. 1»94, the City Council
of Richmond repealed the ordinance of
June 26, ISM. grunting- these privileges to
the Southern Bell Telephone and Teie
sjraph Company, to take effect twelve
months after Its approval. And Septem
ber 10. 1896, the same City Council passed
another ordinance as to the joint use of
poles erected in the. streets and alleys of
the city of Richmond, for the support
if wires used in connection with the
transmission of electricity.
The first section of this ordinance pro
vides that all poles now erected in the
streets or alleys of the city of Rich
mond for electric wires, except such as
support wires required by city ordinances
to be removed and run In conduits, shall
thereafter be allowed to remain only on
terms and conditions thereinafter set
forth.
The second section provides that no
pole now erected for the support of tele
phone wires shall remain on any street
in said city after December 16, 1893, un
less the owner or user of such pole shall
first have petitioned for and obtained
the privilege of erecting and maintain
ing' poles for telephone purposes in ac
cordance with the conditions or this. or
dinance and such others as Council may
see fit to impose. If such owner fall to
obtain such privilege and" fail or neg
]••■ to remove the poles and restore the
street to its former condition, he shall
be liable to . a fine not more than. $500
and 'not less than 5100 for every pole so
remaining. Each day's failure to be a
separate offense. Then follows a num
ber of sections imposing most stringent
conditions, placing the -whole matter
within the control of the city and its
officers, reserving the right in the City
Council at any time to put other restric
tions and regulations as to the erection
and use of such poles, and from time to
time require the removal of them and
the wires to be run in conduits. On
September 10, 1896, another ordinance was
passed requiring the removal of poles
and wires from overhead in certain
streets and for the construction and us
ing conduits in certain streets. This or
dinance was enforceable under heav>
penalties, with the provision also that
any company getting the privilege of
putting in these conduits, must make
them 10 per cent larger than is needed
for their use, so that the city might
run its wires free In such conduits and
any other company may use them for
an agreed compensation, or one to be
fixed by arbitrators. , . . ,
Threats having been made to carry,
ordinances into effect, the complainant-!
filed its bill praying an injunction. It
fests Its right to use the streets and ai-'
leys of the city of Richmond for the pur
poses of Its business under article I, sec
tion 8, of the constitution of the United
States and the act of Congress of lS6t>,
and denies that in such case it can be
prevented or controlled or be in any
way dependent upon an ordinance or
any ordinances of the City Council.
he prayer for an injunction is in these
words:
That said city and all others. Its agents' and
employes, may be restrained and enjoined from
removing or interfering with its poles and
""ires in paid city, and from interfering with
the right of your orator to use said poles and
wire*, and that all proceeding* by »ald city
or its agents and all others to prevent; your.
orator from continuing, renewing, repairing
& na extending Its . lines,, wires . and poles in,
aicng and over the streets and alleys of the
•aid city, and to Inflict fines and penalties on
• ,'4 r orator for so doing, may be restrained.
"■£ enjoined: that the right or your orator to
eai'i sairj Poles and wires and to carry 'on? its
Bu»ince» alpng an over tha street* of the",
rtti= Clty **' declared and denned; that the or
dinances of said city of theHth of December.
asth«v „££ Ule . lOlh Q September. 1595. so Tar
m«lr?to i " 'take to prevent your orator from
maintaining and using its lines, poles and
the it° Ver « a d alon & the street? and alleys of
imr mSt of Richmond, from repairing, renew
'"*. * nd , "tending its said poles, wires, line,
be *» 1 las lts business may require, may
be declared null and void.
THE DEMURRER.
Upon , the riling of the bill an interlocu
nX, m i?, n etion was granted.
Tv % bm was first met by demurrer.
1116 demurrer set up these defenses:
1. As to the equity of the bill.
1. That the act of Congress of 1566 applies
only to telegraph companies and not to com
panies like the complainant.
*. That the act of Congress, even if It does
apply to complainant, does not give it any
right to erect its poles anil wires along the
streets of Richmond Without the consent of the
city, subject to reasonable regulations as to
the routes, position and .number of the poles
and to pay for the use of the street.
4. That If this is the effect of the act of
Congress it is unconstitutional.
5. That the ordinance of 1884 constitutes a
binding contract between complainant and the
city of Richmond, with a power of rescission
by repeal in the City Council; that this power
was given by the statute of the State of Vir
ginia and was properly exercts*d.
The demurrer was overruled and the
defendant tiled its answer.
The portions of this answer which bear
upon the conclusions reached In this case
are these: A denial that the wires, poles
and lines of the complainant in and over
the streets and alleys of said city con
stitute a part of the' postal service of the
United States. A denial that complainant
is a telegraph company and a denial that
its acceptance of. the act of lS6ii,
so far as the telephone exchange
In Richmond is concerned, even en
titled it to any of the rights and pow
ers authorized by the act. A denial thai
the acceptance by the complainant of t'v*
provisions of the act of 18tt has rendered
complainant independent of and BUperior
to the Council of the city of Richmond.
The cause came to a full hearing and
the Circuit Court made the following de
cree:
The court, without passing on the rights
claimed by the complainant company under the
laws of Virginia, and the ordinances of the
city of Richmond, is of opinion and doth ad-
Judge, order and decree that the complainant
company has, In accordance with the terms
and provisions and under the protection of the
act of Congress of the United States, approved
July 24, ISG6 (which is an authority paramount
and superior to any State law or city ordinance
in conflict therewith), the rights to construct,
maintain and operate its lines over and along
the streets and alleys of the city of Richmond,
both those now occupied by the complainant
company and those not now so occupied, and
to put up, renew, replace and repair Its lines,
poles and wires over and along paid streets
and alleys, as well as to maintain, construct
and operate the same and to connect Its lines
with new subscribers along said streets and
alleys, and the sand city of Richmond, its
agents, officers and all others are enjoined and
restrained from cutting, removing or in any
way Injuring said lines, poles and wires of the
complainant company, and' from preventing or
interfering with the exercise of the aforesaid
rights by the complainant company, and also
from taking proceedings to inflict and enforce
fines and penalties on said company for exer
cising its said rights.
ASSIGNMENT OF ERROR.
The defendant obtained leave to appeal
from this decree and it comes up on the
assignments of error. These are eleven
in number. The first three are general in
their character, going to the preliminary
injunction and to the demurrer to the bili.
The fourth is to the effect that the or
dinance of ISB4. passed under the author
ity of the State of Virginia and under
which the operations of the complainant
company were begun and continued, cre
ated a contract which bound the com
plainant to cease Its operations upon tho
streets and alleys of Richmond whenever
the City Council exercised its right to re
peal said ordinance, a right reserved in
the ordinance itself.
The fifth and sixth deny that the com
plainant has any right to the privileges
under the act of Congress of 1566, which
applies to telegTaph companies, and not
to a telephone company, as complainant
is.
The seventh, eighth and ninth deny that
even if complainant comes within the act
of I*B6, it can be protected, unless it is
engaged in interstate commerce business;
and only as to such business, and denies
that it is protected in its local business.
They also deny that there is anything in
the contract with the Western Union
Telegraph Company which puts com
plainant in interstate commerce business,
or within the protection of section 8. ar
ticle I, of the constitution of the I'nited
States.
The tenth and eleventh assignments as
sign- error as to the scope of the injunc
tion, as it enjoins the city from interfer
ing with the infra State and local busi
ness of the complainant, and a right to
erect Its poles and stretch its wires with
out any control on the part of the city.
At the bar the appellant declared that
the constitutionality of the act of Con
gress of 1866 was recognized and admitted
Thnt all streets which are letter carrier
mutes are post roads of the I'nited
States.
That under the act of 1866 a telegraph
company can obtain a right of way for its
poles and wires through a city and along
its strf-ta against the wish of the mu
nicipality.
The decisive questions raised in this
case are:
Firpt— Does the complainant come within the
protection and is it entitled to the privileges
contained in the art of Congress of 1S68?
Second— lf it comes within the provisions of
that act, how far has it limited and restricted
itself by accepting- the provisions of the ordi
nance of the city of Richmond?
Third— To what extent does the protection of
the act of ISftj go? Does it make the company
accepting it free of the control of the munici
pality In which Its does business"
The act of Congress of 1860, in terms,
speaks of telegraph companies. Do these
words include telephone companies?
The telegraph arid telephone both com
municate messages by means of electricity
over wires for longer or shorter distances.
The telegraph communicates these mes
sages by sound of instruments, the tele
phone by the human voice usually. Both
depend upon electricity for their action.
Each is but a form of use — the product
and the result of the same principle. The
names are only used to distinguish the
method of communication.
SOME CITATIONS.
In Bngland, in the case of Attorney
| General vs. Edison Telephone Company
i 6 Q. B. Div., 244, Stephens, J., in a care
i fully prepared and elaborate discussion,
says: "I do not think it necessary to
: express any opinion on a controversy
; which is more, scientific than legal, and
j perhaps more properly metaphysical or
j relative to the meaning of words than
scientific, as it seems to turn upon the
nature of identity in relation to sound.
It !s enough to Pay that, whatever be the
merits of the controversy, it does not ap
j pear to us that the fact, if it is a fact,
I that sound itself is transmitted by the
i telephone, establishes any material dis
tinction between telephonic and tele
graphic communication, as the transmis
sion, if it takes ular-e. is performed by a
wire acted on by electricity."
In the Wisconsin Telephone Company
vs. City of Oshkosh, $2 wis., 32. this case
was cited with full approval, and the
doctrine asserted that, in contemplation
of law, a telephone and telegraph com
pany are one and the same. In the case
of the Chesapeake and Potomac Tele
graph Company vs. B. and O. Telegraph
Company, 66 Maryland, 410, the court of
last resort of that State quotes with ap
proval the English case above quoted, and
sayc further: "It is clear if we take the
term telegraph to mean and include any
apparatus or adjustment of instruments
for transmitting messages or other com
muni' atioi ■ by means of electric currents
and siKnals. that term is comprehensive
enough to embrace the telephone."
The same doctrine is clearly and fully
expressed in Duke vs. Central N. J. Tef
c-phone Company, 53 N. J. Law Report*, j
341. The court quotes the language of I
Bell in his application for a patent, set I
out in the telephone cases, 126 U. S. . 1.
He pays: "What I claim is the method
or an apparatus for transmitting vocal I
.>r other sounds telegraphically as herein I
described, by causfrig- electrical undula
tions similar in form to the vibrations
of air accompanying said vocal sounds. "
And so. also. Brown, J., now Mr. Justice
Prown, in Cumberland Telephone and
Telegraph Company vs. United Electric
Railway Company. -12 Fed. Rep., 273, says:
"We see no reason to doubt the posi
tion assumed by the complainant that a
telephone company is a. telegraph com
pany."
The complainant, therefore, comes
within the protection', and is entitled to
the privileges, of the act of 1866.
2. The next question Is, if the complain
ant is within the protection and enjoys
the privileges of the act of Congress of
1M56. how far has it limited and restricted
itself by accepting the provisions of the
ordinance of the city of Richmond?
In June, 1884, the ordinance was passed
(.■ranting the right of way throughout the
city of Richmond to this complainajH.
At that time it had not accepted the
provisions of the act of lß'lfi, and in no
'it her way could it get the right to enter
the city but by permission of the City
Council- The permission was given sub
ject to the right oi the City Council to
revoke it at any time after twelve
months, and on December 14, 1894, it was
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1898.
i revoked. In the meantime, 1889, the
i complainant, recognizing: the uncertainty
of its tenure, concluded to nut the en
joyment of its rights on higher grounds
j and under paramount authority. Can
it now be said ihat the complainant can
| not avail itself of the privileges of the
I act of 1866. and must look for them to
the City Council, because formerly the
cit;. granted privileges which it has re
voked? Can a contract, revocable and
revoked by one party, still bind the other
party after its revocation?
The complainant is not now using the
post roads of the city of Richmond under
any grant from the City Council. The
Council themselves, by "their own act,
! have put an end to any such contract
with the complainant. But for the act
I of Congress, it would be a trespasser on
these post roads. Under the act of
j Congress, it has the right to construct,
i maintain and operate lines of telegraph
j over and along any of the post roads of
I the United States, and when an effort
i is made, or threatened, to deal with It
1 as a trespasser, it can refer to that act.
3. The next question is: To what ex
tent does the protection of the act of
| Congress go. Does it free the company
; accepting Its provisions from any control
of the municipality through whose
streets it may go?
TO WHAT EXTENT.
This act of 1566 authorizes the company
accepting its provisions to maintain and
operate its lines on any postmad. The
> act itself prescribes a condition. The
lines of telegraph must not interfere with
the ordinary travel. It is, therefore, sub
ordinate to the public use. The privileges
of this act. "like any other franchise, are
i to be exercised in subordination to public
as to private rights." (.St. Louis vs.
Western Union Telegraph Company, 148
U. S., 100). These privileges must be en-
Joyed, suhject to the lawful exercise of
the police power. In Western Union Tel
egraph Company vs. Massachusetts. 125
T*. S. , 530, a telegraph company, protected
by the act of 1866. and engaged in busi-
I ness as a common carrier, was held to be
; a subject of taxation by a State. The Su
i preme Court uses this language: "It
never could have been Intended by the
Congress of the United States, in confer
ring upon a corporation of one State the
authority to enter the territory of any
other State and erect poles and lines
therein, to establish the proposition that
such a company owed no obedience to
the laws of the State into which it thus
i entered.
; In the case of St. Louis vs. Western
! Union Telegraph Company, supra, a
I charge by a city for poles was held valid
ngainst this same company, the only lim
1 Itation being that the charge be not un
j reasonable. In Western I'nion Telegraph
i Company vs. the Mayor, 3 Law Reports
I Ann.. 449. an ordinance requiring that tel
| egra-ph wires be placed in conduits was
sustained. Streets and alleys in a city
: are the public property placed under the
I supervision and control of the municipal
: ity. the representatives of the sovereign
j power. They exercise this supervis'oh
: and control for the benefit of the whole
i public, those living upon and those pass
ing through such streets and alleys. And
in the exercise of this supervision, which
! is the police power, they must see to it
that the rights of the public and of pri
vate persons are not infringed.
The complainant, under the act of Con
gress, has the right to use these high
; ways. Neither the State nor any muniei
! pallty can prevent it. But this use must
j be subordinate to the rights of the pub
; lie, must not endanger those rights. And
as the municipality is the guardian of the
public in this regard. It can establish such
lawful provisions as may regulate the
use, always, however, avoiding such reg
i illations as will make the use burden
; some and intolerable, and so practically
1 impossible. (City of Philadelphia vs.
Western Union Telegraph Company. S2
Fed. Rep., 797.)
This being so. the injunction granted
by the Circuit Court is too broad in its
language and effect. There should have
been the recognition of a proper exercise
of the police power by the municipal cor
poration, and the use by the complainant
of its poles and lines should have been
declared to be subject to such regula
tions and restrictions as may now or may
be herafter imposed by the City Council
of Richmond, in the proper and lawful
I exercise of the police power.
INTOLERABLE AND IMPOSSIBLE.
The only remaining question is. do the
■ ordinances of the city of Richmond pre
! scribe regulations which will rmike the
use burdensome and intolerable, and
practically impossible?
"It belongs to the Legislature to exer
cise the police power of the State, sub<
;ect to the power of the courts to ad
judge whether any particular law is an
invasion to rights secured by the consti
tution." (Mugler vs. Kansas, 123 V. S.,
SB.] "The Legislature may not. under
the guise of protecting the public inter
ests, arbitrarily interfere with private
businesses of or impose unusual and un
necessary restrictions upon lawful occu
pations. In other words, its determina
tion as to what, is proper exercise of its
| police power is not final or conclusive,
I but is subject to the supervision of the
j f-ourts." (Lawton vs. Steele, 152 V. S. .
I 137.) If this be the case with regard to
1 the Legislature a fortiori it applies to a
| municipal corporation, the creature of
the Legislature.
On examination of these ordinances, it
will be seen that as a condition precedent
to the use of the streets of Richmond, a
petition must first be riled for the pur
pose of erecting and maintaining poles
and wires for telephone purposes, in ac
cordance with the conditions of that or
dinance, and such conditions as the Coun
cil may see fit to impose. (Ordinance
approved 10th September. 1895.) The sev
enth section of that ordinance expressly
reserves to the City Council the right to
put at any time other restriction* and
regulations. And the whole tenor and
effect of the ordinance is to put the com
pany absolutely under the control of the
city. And the terms of the ordinance
are enforclble under heavy penalties. The
next ordinance— the one providing for
wires in conduits — after providing that
the City Council may compel the remmal
of wires from poies overhead in certain
streets and the putting them in conduits
in certain streets, under a penalty of nr>t
less than $100 or more than $500 for each
pole per week, provision is made for per
mission to build conduits of sufficient ca
pacity to accommodate the wires in such
streets and to provide for an increase
thereof to at least the extent of 100 per
cent, the increase of space not to be oc
cupied by the party building the conduits
without the consent of the Council, the
conduit to be used for the wires of the
Council free, and the City Coun.il t.,
allow any oth^r person or corporation !<
use such conduit for wires upon paying
compensation in th^ mode prescribed by
the City Council. This privilege of build
ing and owning conduits to last no longer
than fifteen years, ut the end of which
time the city may put such other restric
tions, conditions and charges as it may
see fit. or may order their removal at
the expense of the owner. The charge
for using or owning any wire in any such
conduit shall be for each year until Jan
uary 1. 1900. $2 per wire per mile; af
ter January 1, 1900. such larger com
pensation for the rest of the term as tht
City Council may see fit.
These are some of the condition*
now imposed, with the right to im
pose any others which the Coun
cil may see fit. Now it goes without
saying that if the complainant, notwith
standing its claim of protection under th.
act of Congress of ISM. were willing to
file a petition to the City Council for the
privilege of using its streets and alleys,
and in that petition agreed in considera
tion of its grant to abide by any present
or future condition, regulation or restric
tion the Council may impose, this woillA
be a binding contract and would control
the complainant. (R. R. Company vh.
Ryan, 153, U. S., 436.) Whatever the rights
of the complainant may have been und< i
such a stipulation, it would surrender
them and come within the absolute domi
nation of the City Council. The court*
could not review any ordinance to ais,
cover if it be within the lawful exercise
of the police power, for the complainant
would be bound by its contract to obey
the ordinance, be it a police regulation or
not.
These conditions, regulations and re
strictions already prescribed by the CJtv
Council appear to be stimulated by a de
sire to oppress and control, perhaps de
feat, the existence of the complainant,
and so are not the lawful exercise of the! !
police power. I
Let the case be remanded to the Cir- I
cuit Court with instructions to modify
the terms of the injunction therein grant*
ed, so that it may conform to the prin
dplea declared in this opinion, the costs
ot the case to be equally divided between
the parties.
Death Ends Her Suffering.
OAKLAND. Feb. 12.— After two days'
frightful suffering, Mrs. Mars' Flannery
of 1267 Campbell street died this morn-
Ing from the effects of burns inflicted by
an exploding lamp. Her husband, Jjimes
Flannery, who was In Tuolumr* 1 County
In the gold fields, returned last night.
The doctors pronounce It the worse case
of the kind ever called to their atten
tion. The unfortunate woman's hands
were burned until her finger-nails dropped
off. Her feet and legs were burned to a
crisp, while her face, neck and back
were badly scarred.
DIED FROM
OPIUM IN
HIE BOWERY
Young Henry Church
May Have Taken
His Life.
Tragic Ending of a Man
Who Made History
in Oakland.
After His Divorce He Went
East and Started a
Business.
HAD FOUR STEPMOTHERS.
Married a Young Actress, but Was
Divorced a Short Time
Afterward.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 12.
From a home of wealth and luxury
to death in the lowest of Bowery sa
loons in New York, Is the fate of John
Henry Church Jr., who ten years ago
was one of the best-known young men
in this city.
Probably no family on either coast
has had more romance and tragedy in
jected in their history than that of the
Churches of this city. John Henry
Church Sr. is now a resident of San
Francisco, is in poverty, and word has
just been received that a short time ago
his favorite son either died from the
effects of or committed suicide by tak
ing morphine.
At the time ot his death the New-
York papers declared that there was "a
mystery on the Bowery." A well
dressed young man took a room at the
Klondike lodging house, 359 Bowery,
and for two days did not go out. At
the end of that time the docrr was
forced open, and the dead body of the
man was found on the iloor by a chair,
upon which were a syringe and a vial
containing morphine. He had regis
tered as Thomas AlcCarty, but an in
vestigation of his clothing showed that
his name was either J. H. Church or G.
H. Granville. After the bc-dy was taken
to the morgue Granville was discov
ered, and a little later the dead man
was recognized as Church. His step
father, Stephen Van Court of Mt. Ver
non, made the identification. Mrs. Van
Court, young Church's mother, was
formerly one of the live wives of J. H.
Church, the wealthy saloon man of this
city.
About ten years ago young Henry,
contrary to his father s wish, married
a young actress, who was then em
ployed at the Golden Gate Music Hall
in this city, an institution which has
long passed into history. Their mar
ried life was short and unhappy, and
young Church secured a divorce.
Some time later Henry was arrested
for an alleged theft of a watch and
was sentenced by Judge Wallace
to twenty years' imprisonment. A
new trial, however, was grant
ed him, and his mother, Mrs.
Van Court, who had always maintain-
Ed correspondence with young Henry's
divorced wife, sent out $100u to pro
vide for her son's defense. He was en
abled to procure attorneys and at his
second trial was acquitted.
After this incident young Henry
went to New York, where his mother
set him up in business, and for some
time he had been doing tolerably well.
He had, however, contracted the habit
of using morphine, and three days be
fore his death he disappeared from
home, and, as developments showed,
he had gone to the room on the Bow
ery under an assumed name either for
the purpose of having a morphine de
bauch or taking his life. "Whether his
death was accidental or Intentional is
still a matter of doubt.
Young Church's father is perhaps
the most-married man in California.
Years ago he started his matrimonial
career, and at that time ne was said to
be worth $200,000. Periodically he has
beon divorced and married until he has
had five or six wives. In nearly every
instance a separation took place only
in conjunction with the giving of a
handsome sum to the aggrieved wife,
consequently each time Church mar
ried he was poorer than when he last
appeared before the altar. Both he and
his son have from a variety of reasons
been before the courts in this city and
San Francisco as much as any two
members of one family ever were.
Young Henry's former wife is now
living in this city, having been married
to a very worthy man.
CIGAR DEALERS
IN DIFFICULTY
A. Pennsylvania Firm Sues for
the Recovery of a Large
Sum.
Peculiar Phase of the Situation A
Suspicious Transfer of
Property.
Harrold Bros., dealers in cigars and to
bacco, 103 Front street, were attached
late Friday afternoon by i. w. Sny
rter upon an assigned claim from Oblong
Bros., Philadelphia, Pa., for cigars and
:obacco sold and delivered by them with
in the past year.
The Philadelphia firm, not receiving a
remittance, became suspicious and sent
a representative to make an investiga
tion, which resulted in his finding that
property formerly in the name of Frank
and W. P. Harrold had been either trans
ferred or that a homestead had been filed
thereon. Property in Mill Valley has been
•leeded to George Harrold, and the book
accounts to a mother of the members of
the firm. All of these transactions are of
recent date, and by the attorneys of the
plaintiffs. Walter. H. Linforth and Grove
C. Whitakcr, are looked upon with sus
picion.
A peculiar phase of the situation is
that, notwithstanding the fact that the
attachment is for a large amount, $17,
:•!«, there seemingly is only one creditor.
An effort, therefore, to force the firm
into insolvency v/ould fail, as it would
require the petition of at least five cred
itors. The parties making the attach
ment will necessarily be compelled to al
lege fraud to have the assignment of
book accounts, the filing of homesteads
.-<nd deeding of property set aside. That
this course will be pursued is intimated
by the attorneys for the plaintiffs.
■ m ■
Read Call History offer. Page 2. •
MEN TURN PALE,
WOMEN FAINT
Turmoil at a Meeting of
the Village Belle
Circle.
The Treasurer Threatens to
Kill the Chief Com
panion.
An Investigation Into the Treasurers
Accounts the Causa oT the
Trouble.
There was an exciting time at the
meeting of the Village Belle Circle,
Companions of the Forest, Friday night
in the Alcazar building.
Edward P. Donovan, 265 Harriet
street, was recently elected chief com
panion, and upon his induction into of
fice he decided on making an investiga
tion into the accounts of the treasurer
and financial secretary, J. G. Chase, a
carpenter and builder on Larkln street,
near Vallejo. At his suggestion an au
diting committee was appointed, which
roused the ire of Chase. The commit
tee commenced their investigation, and
Donovan, on receiving a partial report,
became convinced that something was
wrong.
During the meeting Friday night
Donovan called upon Chase to produce
some vouchers. Chase jumped to his
feet, called Donovan a vile name, and
quickly put his hand in his hip pocket.
He threatened to kill Donovan and a
wild scene followed. A number of lad
ies belong to the circle and several
were present at the meeting. Chase's
words and actions filled them with ter
ror, and their screams could be heard
all over the building as they made a
combined rush for the door. The crush
was so great that two of them fainted,
which added to the excitement.
The men were calmer and several of
them made a grab for Chase and held
him till Donovan got out of the way.
The meeting broke up in disorder, as
bloodshed was feared if Donovan re
turned.
Yesterday morning Donovan appeared
before Judge Joachimsen and swore out
a warrant for the arrest of Chase on
the charge of threats to kill. He had
not got over his excitement, and it was
evident that his nerves had received a
severe shock. He told the Judge that
he firmly believed Chase would carry
out his threat to kill him, and he
wanted him bound over to keep the
peace.
"The Investigation must go on," said
Donovan, "and It won't do for this man
to try and prevent it by threatening to
take my life. I am certain something
Is wrong, and his conduct last night
has simply made me more convinced of
the fact."
WILL SAIL FOR SKAGUAY.
The Steamer Australia, Captain
Houdlette Commanding, Taken
Off the Honolulu Line.
The steamer Australia, Captain Henry
C. Houdlette commanding:, arrived in
port yesterday after a pleasant voyage
from Honolulu. The next trip out made
by the Australia will be to Skaguay, as
the steamer has been chartered by Good
all, Perkins & Co. to convey freight and
passengers to the frojen gold fields in
the Northwest Territory. Captain Houd
lette, who iB one of the best known and
most popular cnptains sailing out of this
port, will remain in command, and the
majority of the crew will also make the
voyage with him.
"We had a very pleasant voyage from
the islands," said the Jovial captain last
night. "I cannot recall an incident or
event worthy of notice," he added, "un
less it was the fog bank we ran into eight
hundred milf»s out from port. We were
in the bank day and night, and I can as
sure you that we felt pleased when we
got out of it. when off the Farallon Isl
ands."
Captain Houdlette said that it came to
him as a great surprise when he was in
formed that his next trip would be to the
Klondike regions. He has made 151 trips
to the Hawaiian Islands, and It will ue
strange for him to take the Australia
over an entirely new course.
"All the information I have received
concerning the voyage to Skaguay," said
the captain last evening, "comes from
the pilot. He told me that the Australia
had been chartered by Goodall, Perkins
& Co. and that I was to pail with her
within a few weeks. I was tired out when
I got in. and went home without visiting
the office. I suppose I will recei\ - e all
necessary instructions Monday."
Captain Houdleite will have the best
wishes of all who know him in his new
field of duty. . uring the many trips
made by him to the islands he won a
host of friends, and those who are fre
quently called to travel to Honolulu will
miss him and hi* stanch steamer.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS,
R. U. Stelnman. ex-Mnynr of Sacra
mento, ia at the Palace with hia ■frife.
County Clerk G. M. Foote of Hollister
Is one of yesterday's arrivals at the
Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. F. 8. Cooley have come up
from San Mateo and are at the Occi
dental.
•V. S. Gregory, Sheriff of Amador
County. Is registered at the Grand from
Jackson.
Dr. George Kriehm, one of the profes
sors of Stanford University, is a guest
at the Grand.
Raleigh Barcar, a legal luminary of the
Vacavllle bar, is at the Lick on a short
visit to the city.
Walter Mohns of the firm of Mohns &
Kaltenbach leaves to-morrow for Alaska
on the National City.
C. M. AVooster, one of the big political
men of San Jose, is to be found at the
Palace for the next few days.
R. C. Scott and J. G. Rothwell are two
travelers who arrived on the Australia
yeterday anU went to the Occidental.
Dr. George T. Hunter, one of the fore
most physicians of New York, is at the
Occidental on a short visit to the coast.
W. F. Geary, one of the best known and
moat public-spirited citizens of Sacra
mento, arrived in the city last evening
and went to the California.
H. Stoddardand A. S. Boyd, well-known
residents of Santa Barbara, returned
yesterday on the Australia from Hono
lulu, where they have been on a trip of
relaxation from business cares.
Emile Zola.when
he determined to
apply for admis
sion to thej
French Academy j
some years ago,
knowing .ful! well
the opposition
A KINDLY c
OFFER c
OF A BOOK. °
o
that would be made on account of the
bestiality of his writings, decided be
fore trying for admission to write some
thing of a different nature that might
perhaps soften those opponents of his
who did not approve of that realism
which depicts so vividly and disgustingly
all that is base and brutal in human na
ture. The result of that decision was "La
Beve," one of the purest and sweetest
little Btories ever given to the French
world of literature. But rjotwlthstand-
ing the favor with which it was received
it failed to accomplish the object for
which it was written and Zola continued
to be of the earth instead of occupying
the place among the immortals that he
craved.
The other day one of our city's promi
nent divines, presuming on the priv
ileges accorded to those of the cloth.
Bent up his card to a lady living in one
of the 'city's prominent hotels and was
told to come up to the room.
The lady, a bright society woman of
unquestioned taste and breeding, has no
particular love for ministers under any
circumstances. So when this particular
dominie came into the room and catch
ing sight of a book bearing the name of
Zola on the cover bc-gan to read her a
lecture on the literature she used the
hostess lost all patience, and turning to
her visitor said: "Perhaps in composing
the magnificent sermons with which y<m
hold us spellbound each Sunday your
time is so taken up that you have no op
portunity to keep in touch with the pro
ductions of lessor geniuses and therefore
are to be excused for not always knowing
of what you are talking. But as I see
you have leisure to pay social calls to
day I will lend you this book and excuse
you while you go home and by reading
it see what a very pretty little story it
is." The minister left, but in such a
hurry that he neglected to take the book
so kindly offered him.
J. H. Henry, a capitalist of San Jose, is
staying at the Palace.
A. P. Catlin, ex-Superior Judge of Sac
ramento, is registered at the Lick.
Dr. A. C. Griffiths, one of the leading
physicijuis of Santa Rosa, is a guest at
the Grand.
Professor R. E. Allardice of Stanford
has come up to the city and is at the
California.
Mason W. Mather of the Plumbago
mine is at the Occidental on a vacation
to the city.
E. J. Caldwell, a gentleman largely In
terested In Montana mines, Is registered
at the Baldwin from Helena.
W.* G. Irwin, the millionaire Honolulu
sugar planter, arrived at the Palace yes
terday with his wife and child.
State Senator J. L. Beard of Alameda
returned yesterday from Honolulu, where
he has been spending his vacation.
A. and M. Agassiz, the two well-known
scientists, have returned from their trip
to Honolulu and are at the Palace.
E. Ingalls, a wealthy New Yorker and
capitalist of Buffalo in that State, is at
the Palace on a pleasure trip to the
coast.
George E. Briggs, proprietor of the
Highland Democrat, published at Peek
skill, on the Hudson, is at the Occidental
from New York.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12.— Lloyd T. Breck
inridge of San Francisco is at the Buck
ingham Hotel. Mr. and Mrs. Frank J.
Carolan of San Francisco sailed for Eu
rope to-day.
Music at the Park.
The following programme will be ren
dered by the Park Band to-day:
March, "Chilcoot" A. Roncovieri
Overture, "'Fairy Lake" Auber
Suite, "Throe Quotations" Sousa
a. "The King of France, with 20,000 men,
marched up the hill and marched down
again."
b. "And I was born in Arcadia."
c. "In Darkest Africa."
Selection from "Les Cloches de Comevllle"
Planquette
"Jubilee in the Alps," with echo band..Gungl
Scene from the celebrated opera, "The Bar
ber of Seville" Rossln!
Flute Solo, Selected
Mr. A. Lombardo.
Waltz, "Jolly Girls"' Volstedt
Murch. "In the Hwim" L. Bruck
State Kong, "Hall, California" Gro
Death of John A. Wheeler.
The many friends and acquaintances of j
John A. Wheeler -will regret hearing of j
his death, which occurred Friday after
noon, after a long and painful illness. Mr.
Wheeler was a native of Vermont, and
had he lived until the 17th inst. would '
have celebrated the seventy-third anni
verttXy of his birth. In his j'ounger days :
he was the superintendent of the Hoosie j
tunnel, and assisted materially in its
construction, afterward coming to Cali
fornia—in 1S(6 — since which time he has
been at the head of the draying depart
ment of N. Clark & Sons and the .Pacific I
Pottery of this city, where he was held in !
the highest esteem. He leaves two
brothers, H. H. Wheeler, on the Supreme I
bench of Vermont, and N. A. Wheeler, j
a prominent druggist of Springfield, Mass. '
His widow is a sister of Mrs. D. I. New- j
kirk and Mrs. John Cobley of this city. |
The funeral will take place from the
family residence", 2635 Mission street, at 2
p. m. to-day, under the auspices of the
American Legion of Honor, of which de
ceased was one of the early organizers.
DR. LOUIS BAZET
IS INDIGNANT
With P. A. Bergerot He Scorns
the Charge of Anti-
Americanism.
Say They Favor Enlightened Ad
ministration of the French
Hospital.
And already is heard the merry crack
of the picket rifle heralding the big bat
tle two months hence for the control of
the French Hospital. Editor Marque of
l'lmparcial has already intimated that
the opposing faction of La Ligue d'Henri
IV is preparing to conduct its campaign
under the leadership of Dr. Louis Bazet,
Attorney P. Alexandre Bergerot and his
father. Perhaps the most "serious" ac
cusations against these three has been
that Dr. Bazet is "opposed to American
physicians."
And now come Dr. Bazet and Attorney
Bergerot with a clever flank movement.
They say. jointly, that they revere
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HE SENDS^IT FREE.
A Never Failing Remedy That
Makes a Man Young Again.
TRUE MANLINESB QUICKLY REPLACES THE
WORN OUT NERVES AND VISOR.
When a man's strength and vigor is
slowly wasting away from nervous
weakness, the mental forebodings are
ten times worse than the most severe
pain. There is no let up to the mental
! suffering day or night. For years the
I writer rolled and tossed on the troubled
I sea of Nervous Debility, Emissions,
Lame Back and the various other
troubles of Sexual Weakness, until It
was a question whether he had not
I better take a dose of poison and thus
i end all his troubles. But providential
| inspiration came to his aid in the shape
of a combination of medicines that
completely restored his general health
and enlarged his weak, emaciated
j parts to natural sire and vigor, and
he now declares that any man, young
! or old. who will take the trouble to
send his name and address may have
Free full particulars of this wonderful
home treatment which quickly restored
me to my full strength and vigor of
youth. Now, when I say free, I mean
absolutely without cost, because I want
every weakened man to get the benei t
of my experience.
There are thousands of men suffering
the mental tortures of weakened man-
hood who would be cured at once could
they but get such a remedy as the ono
that cured me. Send fur it, and learn
that there are a few things on earth
although they cost nothing to get, are
worth a fortune to some men,' and
mean a lifetime of happiness to most
of us. Write to Thomas Slater, 178
Masonic Temple, Kalamazoo, Mich.,
and the information will be mailed in a
plain, sealed envelope.
AUCTIONSALES.
EMIL COHN, Auctioneer.
Office warerooms, T^i Mission: st.; tel. Clay
47. • Better .than Klondike. 1 will sell $1000
worth of stationery, periodicals, school sup-
plies, etc.,. formerly belonging to MR. EIN-
TRACHT, at r 713 Larkin st.
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Feb. 18, 17, 18.
Commencing. ea,ch day at 11 a. m. Particu-
lars in Tuesday and Wednesday papers.
• EMILCOHN. Auctioneer.
!
i
!
I
j
I
I
i
;
'
France, and for that reason want her
hospital here to have the best physi
slans—who are American. Dr. Bazet him
self was prevented from entering the
management for -three years . solely be
cause he had an American diploma. . P.
A. BerKerot was the man' who opened
the hospital doors to doctors with Amer
ican diplomas and the faculty comprises:
Dr. Bazet, who is also president of the
San Francisco Polyclinic; Dr. Orella, as
sistant surgeon, who is a graduate of
Cooper College and a native son; Dr.
Neo Neumark, an American and con
nected with the San Francisco Polyclinic;
■ Dr. Hayes,. an American, appointed on
i the recommendation of Dr. Bazet; three
f internes, Dra. Burses, Putnam and Allen,
i all American doctors; Oscar Mayer,.
j gyrecologist, graduate of a German uni
| versity. Thus out of the eleven doctors
! at the hospital seven have American di
, plomas, two French, one German and one
Austrian, effectually disposing of the
charge of anti-Americanism.
Attorney Bergerot states that the' tight
i* being made by Tlmparciai in the inter
est of a certain candidate for the presi
dency of the hospital, "supported by Mr.
Marque and a few other Chauvinistic gen
tlemen who arc opposed to everything
that is American."
In fact. La Ligue seems to have scored
a strategic point so far over its enemy,
I'Alliance.. ":. .. ,
. O . ; '
It takes about ten weeks to build a
railway engine.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To the Editor : I have an absolute CiVe for
CONSUMPTION nad all Bronchial, Throp.t and
Lung Trouble*, and all conditions of Wasting
Away. By its timely use thousands of apparent-
ly hopeless cases have been permanently cured.
So proof-positive am I of its power to cure. I
will send FREE to anyone afflicted, THREE
: BOTTLES of my Newly Discovered Remedies,
i upon receipt of Express and I'ostoiTice address.
Aiwavs sincerely yours,
T. A. SLOCUM.M.C, 183 Pearl St.. New York.
• When wri*:- ~" ■* " -'■■>■ nl»««i-wii»- •*!<;<< *>r>-no-
fs%€^ s %OF) AND' TOM
m^^n^^^^\fs-'PDse BOOK Sent
FREE with home tes-
M|^|^jl timor.ials and exact
ed over I,oooCancersin California in 8 yrs;asyrs'
: experience. Any lump in the breast Is Cancer;
they always poison from breast to arm-pit and
lip. to throat. If large it is then too late.
S. R. C HAM LEY, M. D.,OFFICE, 719 MARKET ST.. S. F.
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
fvMtDRi JORDAN'S <»*«*
I*!!?, Museum of Anatomy
Iplfll'ji ICE! IUSZXT ST. let. 6&*7ih, B. T. C&L
0 5 B The Largest of its kind in the World.
1 Jjg|\ DR. JORDAN—Private Diseases.
Consultation free. TVrue for Book
(n Philosophy of Carriage.
o Q *. ' l ■ vailed rnrc.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAXA BITTERS. ?HE
. pre.it Mexican Remedy: gives health and
■trength to the sexual orsrass. . . :
OCEAN" . TBAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSffIP CO.
Steamers leave Broadway wharf, J£*n~.
San Francisco, as follows: .£ES?sE
For ports in Alaska. 10 a. m.. Feb. 5, 10. 20,
25, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Tovrn-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Acacortes and
Njw Whatcom melllngham Bay. Wash.), 10
a. m., Feb. 5, 10, 15. 20, 25, and every fifth day
thereafter, connecting at Seattle with com-
pany's, steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at
Tacoma with X. P. Ry., at Vancouver with
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), steamer Ho-
mer. 10 a. m., Feb. 13. 19, 25, March 3, %, 15,
21. 27, and etui/ sixth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon. C*»
yucos. Port H&rford (San Luis Obispo). G&vl-
nta. "Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, San
Pedro, East Ban Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, » a. m.. Feb. 2, 6. 10. 14, 18, 22. 2«.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping- only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Antreles and Redondo (Los Angeles), it
a. m Feb. 4. 8. 12. 16, 20, 24. 28. and every
fourth day thereafter. . .
For Ensenada, Mapdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabc, Mazatlan, Altata. La Pa*. Santa Ro-
salia and Guaymas 10 a. m.. March. I,
April 3, and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
arid hour* of snM'nr.
TICKET OFFICE—Palace Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery st.
GOOD ALL, : PERKIXK A CO.. G«n. -A*rts.. "'■•
■ 10 Market st., San Francisco..
. THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FART STEAMKRS TO
PORTLAND
;, From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARF -* 12 First Class Jncludln? Berth
rAnc $& Second Cla«^ and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SATLTNGS:
State of California Jan. 23, Feb. J. 12. 21
C010mbia.:....'..:..:......Jan. 28. Feb. 7, 17, 27
Through ticket? and • through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appli-
cation to F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
680 Market etre«fc .
GCODALL. PERKINS St CO..
' : : Superintendents.' r
jfUKt&&mtX}tl •-'"■ B. S. AUSTRALIA.
A^^&fJ&£3|3ir for HONOLULU only.
■ fi Thursday, February
fHM||M|#l 17 6. S. AUSTRALIA.
fjfllilllL for HONOLULU only.
[■C*' a «*» Thursday. February
|| .. 17, at 8 p. m. Special
«L«R»i^lrWTKf'ifW ThesMARIPOSA
SftWmQhinJ The S. S. MARIPOSA
CyiuJiil-MilU -alis via HONOLULU
/O)rjp)J<f?lUand AUCKLAND for
«<?7 - IV>IIJUU:«r SYDNEY, Wednesday.
. -' ' .- February 23. at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLOARDIE, Australia, and CAPS
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. BPRECKELS « BROS. CO., Agents. ;
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— Market st.. San Francisco.
Compagnie Generals Transatlantiqaa. .
.':.:■ French Line to Havre,
Company's. Pier mew), it North j,^.^
River, foot of ! orton st. Travelers <j@LEO>'
by I this | line . avoid - both transit • by •^2aw«PSta
English railway and the aio.-.omfort of crossing'
the channel in a smell boat. - New York to
Alexandria," Egypt, via l'-rls. first cl«us» JlBO,
•econd class $116. ■
LI BRETAGNE December 11. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE.. December IS, 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIB........December 25. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE January 1. 10 a. oa,
LA BRETAONE ....... January 8, 10 a. oa
For further particulars apply to „ ■
; .' ! < A. FORGET. Agent. .
• - No. '8, Bowling Green, New Tort
7. F. FtTGAZI & CO.. Agents, S Montgomar|»
»■»*., San Francisco. " " ""':. ' -'
STOCKTON STEAMERS '
Leave Pier No. 8. Washington St.. at 8
• -■,;*-"•.:•".' p. m. Daily. - . :..
FREIGHT Rl'-CEIVKL) Oi' TO 6:30 P. M.
Accommodations I reserved by tolephona."
The only line selling through tickets and *!».
ing through freight rates to all uoiata on ths
Valley Railroad. ' •
, ; STEAMERS:
T. C. WALKER. J. D. PETERS.
MARY GARRATT, ■ CITY OF STOCICTOJf.
: Telephone Mulo 80$ Cal. Nn" and Impt. Co.
For Sao Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
i' Steamer Alvtso , leaves : Pier I.' daily (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. - m. ; Alviso daily (Saturdays ■
txcepted) at 0 p. m.--Freight and Passengers..
Fare between San Francisco and Alviso. 50c:
to San Jos*. 75c. Clay street. Pier I. 41 North
First street. San Jose. :.■.*•", c> :.:-•..;;;■ :;-: :■.■■■
FORU. S. NAVY=YARD AND
; Steamer " Monticcllo"
Will lie up to receive new ; boiler and general
overhauling"' on ' February il,'- and ? resume he«
route on March L*.-" - !- HATCH BRO* '
1516
DUMMIES MANGLED BY CAR FENDERS
Inventors Display Devices for Saving the Lives of Those Who Get in
the Way of the Trolleys.
There was another test of street
car fenders and alleged fenders on
West Mission street yesterday. About
a score of inventors were there with
their devices that they claimed would
save the lives of those who were un
fortunate enough to be caught in front
of swiftly moving cars. Nine of the
devices were given tests for the benefit
of the Committee on Health and Police
of the Board of Supervisors, who will
recommend to the board the style of
fender they think best suited for use
on the lines of the city. Working
models of the different fenders were
attached to cars and dummies of men
and boys were laid on the tracks to
test their utility. Supervisors Rottanzi
and Clinton insisted on fair and com
plete tests and they made the motor
men in charge of the cars run at the
dummies at the full speed of the cars
with the dummies standing, sitting and
lying down on the tracks.
The great difficulty in devising a
fender for use in this city, say the in
ventors, is that contrivances are want
ed that will be far enough above the
rails when the cars are running to
clear the tracks on the sharp grades
and at the same time be low enough
to prevent the limbs of the unfortunate
persons who might get in the way of
the cars from going under the wheels.
General Manager Vining of the Mar
ket-street Railway system was among
the inventors. His device was similar
to several others that were tried, and
it, like the others, had a way of mang
ling the dummies that would do credit
to a sausage machine. However, all
the fenders tried had some merit, and
when the tests were over the Supervi
sors were of the opinion that the con
trivances known as the Hunter fender
FAILED TO
BREAK OPEN
THE VAULT
Attempt Made to Steal
$10,000 Worth of
Opium.
Bold Burglars Enter a
"Warehouse on Broad
way.
Arrangements Made to Sell
the Drug to a Chinese
Merchant.
HE INFORMED THE POLICE
Two Detectives Now Scouring the
City for the Desper»t«
Men.
The burglars -who entered the Atlan
tic bonded warehouse at Battery street
and Broadway several nights ago, confi
dently expected to get away with at
least $10,000 worth of opium. In some
•way they learned that a valuable lot of
opium had been placed in the ware
house and they determined to steal it.
Going to a Chinese merchant, who
deals in the drug, the burglars repre
sented that they had fallen Into pos
session of a quantity of opium which
they claimed was worth $10,000.
The Chinaman claimed he was anx
ious to purchase some opium, and offer
ed to pay the creeks the full value of
the drug.
They then left his store, after prom
ising to return a few hours later. Sus
pecting that they contemplated raiding
a warehouse in which was stored opi
um, the Chinaman informed the police
man on the beat. The latter at once
notified Captain Bohen, and two de
tectives were sent to make an Investi
gation. While they were quizzing the
Chinaman the daring burglars had
forced an entrance into the Atlantic
bonded warehouse, but failed to secure
any opium.
This was due to the fact that the su
perintendent of the wareho-ÜBe, becom
ing suspicious of the actions of two
evil-looking men, who were seen hang-
Ing around the place on the afternoon
of the burglary, ordered the opium
placed in a vault. Not being supplied
with the necessary tools, the burglars
did not attempt to open the vault, but
contented themselves with drinking
several bottles of cognac.
Last night the Chinaman to whom
the men offered to sell the opium visit
ed police headquarters and gave a de
scription of the burglars to Captain
Bohen. He declared that the man who
acted as spokesman was well dressed,
but gave evidence of being an opium
fiend.
After Introducing himself as a well
to-do merchant he claimed that he had
bought a large quantity of contraband
opium, which he was anxious to sell,
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Pimples, blotches, blackheads, red, rongh, oily,
mothy skin, itching, scaly scalp, dry, thin, and
falling hair, and baby blemishes prevented by
Cnnctnu Soap, the most effective skin purify-
ing and beautifying noap in the world, as well as
purest and sweetest for toilet, bath, and nursery.
pleura
'1» MM tbronghoot the world. P<rrrr» T>.' k C. Com*., Bel*
Prep... Buum. 03* " How to Beuitfr th* ■**>■ *••■
- BLOOD f HUMQRS cSSSBSTiiiEiIk
and the Craig fender had the most to
recommend them. The Supervisors,
however, who took the most interest in
the tests are in the minority in the
Board of Supervisors, and the opinion
was freely expressed that the fender
devised by Manager Vining would be
the one that would be eventually
adopted by the Board of Supervisors
as the one most desirable.
A fender invented by a man named
Tucker was first tested. The car was
rigged with cushions where it would
most likely strike its victim. That
was intended as the first means of
avoiding injury. Then there was a
scoop net close to the wheels to pick
up the body of the person to keep the
car from going over it and crushing
out what life there might be left. That
fender pushed the dummies along the
ground in front of the moving car
without causing much apparent dam
age to them.
The Markley fender was next called
for trial. It was a long scoop-net af
fair that projected far in front of the
car. It had to be carried high above
the rails so that it could clear the
ground at the grades. The inventor
wanted to lower it so that it would
scoop up the dummies on the level
spot where the tests were being made,
but that would be considered a special
privilege and it was refused. The
fender was withdrawn from the test.
A young man named Bernard had a
fender that was operated by the ac
tion of the brake lever. Every time
the brake was put on it scraped the
ground. It was not considered worthy
of thetimeof a test and it was ruled off.
A fender devised by the joint genius
of Jones and Wickersham and called
the "Monarch" was proved to be a fail
James H. Barry Addressing the Enthusiastic Mass-Meeting Which Declared Against the Monkey
Ranch Job.
Drovidlng that he could trust the pur
chaser.
In answer to a question as to how
much of the drug he had he remarked
that it was worth at least $10,000. As
the Chinaman signified his intention of
buying the drug the "merchant" and
his partner then left the place, after
promising to return in a short time
with the opium.
Captain Bohen is determined to
catch the men, as he thinks they will
attempt to enter other bonded ware
houses in search of opium. He has
detailed two of his best men on the
case, who are diligently working to ap
prehend the burglars.
A Sovereign Remedy.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure, 1 dose will stop
cough; never fails; 26c; all druggists. •
GREAT BALL GAME
AT CENTRAL PARK
Young and Old Champions
"Will Play to Benefit Tom
Powers.
The Largest Gathering of the Sea
son Is Hxpected to Be
Present.
There will be a hot time at Central
Park this afternoon. The old favorite
baseball player, Tom Powers, will be the
recipient of a benefit from his large circle
of friends, and it will be a bumper. All
aged and sapling players will line up on
this occasion, and great ball is promised.
The all-aged nine will be composed of:
Billy Incell, once California's most
famous pitcher, long since retired, but
still able to twirl the sphere with his old
time cunning. This man, on whose prow
ess as a pitcher in the past thousands of
dollars have been staked, will make to
day, on the occasion of Powers' benefit,
what will in all probability, prove tne
positively last appearance on a baseball
diamond. The old-timers should not fail
to see him.
Henry Reltz, better known as "Hank,"
for some I years second-baseman .of the !
famous champion Baltimore club, and j
now under contract to play second : base i
for Washington, D. C, during 1898. v
Pete Sweeney, Powers'., particular chum
and friend, who will play on Sunday with
more ginger than he : ever manifested
heretofore in his life. : .; ; -
Bill Lange, the centerflelder and proba- i
ble captain of the Chicagos, the champion :
base-runner of the National League for
the past five years. j •- • ■'..,',,■.:;
Rube Levy, the idol of the kindergarten
aggregation, who long- since ceased to
chase . the elusive sphere, and now, :as • a
member 1 of the Fire Department. , chases
fires. •-■. - ■'■ ■ •■■':■: ■:, ■■■ ■■.■ /. . ■ •.. .-.-
Jack Smith, first baseman for the r fam
ous Knickerbockers of '79 and J 80; a king-
THE SAN FftANCISCO CALL, HUKDAT, FEBRUARY 13, 1898.
ure on a track where the grade was
steep. It, like the Markley fender,
had to h" far above the rails,
and on trial it passed over the dum
mies.
A fender made by John Craig, a Mis
sion blacksmith, had many good points
and it was given a severe test. It, un
like the others, picked up the dum
mies that were placed In front of it,
and a netting along the forward end
of the car prevented any hard knocks
that might be given by a swiftly mov
ing car.
The Clark fender that is in use In
Oakland, Alameda and Sacramento
was given a severe test and it met
most of the requirements demanded of
it. The greatest objection raised to it
was that it could not be carried close
enough to the rails to clear the track
on the grades and still be effective on
the level stretches of the track.
Vining's fender was the last one
tried. It is much like the one Tucker
claims to have invented. The other in
ventors say Vining and Tucker stole
each other's ideas on car fenders.
Vining's fender was without the cush
ions In front of the car. It scooped up
the dummies after rolling them along
the ground for a few feet, and Vining
and his railroad friends said it was a
success. The dummies, however, were
considerably damaged.
Henry Boardman had a fender at
tached to a truck arraneed with a few
buggy wheels. The railway company
would not allow him to put it on one
of their cars. A young man substi
tuted himself for the aummy and the
fender picked him up without causing
him the least injury. The truck was
propelled by some of the friends of the
inventor.
pin batsman, well known to all the great
players and enthusiasts of the United
Statf-s, late captain of the champion Pio
neers, and brother of the only "Brother
Huey."
Frank Carroll, known to fame as "Me-
Ginty," one of the greatest favorites that
ever handled a ball in California, and
who, together with Bill Cate, practices
every Sunday in Golden Gate Park.
Pete Mwean, the famous pitcher of the
Haverlys, who for years and to this day
bears the sobriquet of "Steady Pete," be
cause of his remarkable command of the
ball; and who, though long since retired,
still retains the strike-out record of the
old American Association — nineteen in one
game — a record never equaled except by
his old pal, Charley Sweeney of the fam
ous Providence team.
George Van Haltren, left-fielder of the
New York Baseball Club, needs no intro
duction-
Billy Nash, for years the premier third
baseman of the National League and
captain of the Boston Club; now second
haseman and captain of the Philadel
phias.
Bill Cate— long-slim Bill— a king-pin out
fielder, well known to the old patrons of
the game in the far past, and, now, to the
youngsters of the rising generation on
Golden Gate Park diamond, where Cate
spends his entire time.
The Fit of a Cornet.
Corsets of various styles have been
worn by women ever since the eyes of
man have admired the graceful form of
woman. In the days of the Roman "Cor
setus" woman was content to suffer the
tortures of an unfitting, uncomfortable
affair, that it might add beauty and sym
metry to hor form. At the middle of the
fifteenth century it was a mark of In
fluence in England — wives of men hav
ing an income of less than $200 a year
were forbidden to wear corsets over a
certain cost.
It is estimated that over 60,000,000 cor
sets are used annually by the women of
the United States alone, giving employ
ment to 10,000 people.
Dp to recent years comfort in corsets
was almost an unknown quality. Corsets
that gave shape and beauty to a form
were generally too uncomfortable to wear.
Corsets that were at all easy were mis
shapen affairs of no practical use.
Miss Hulin, the expert corset-fitter now
at Hale's, claims that proper corset-fit
ting is a science. She has made a careful
study of feminine anatomy, and says that
90 per cent of the corset-wearing people
of the world do not wear corsets that fit
them properly. Each form has its pe
culiarities, and a correctly fitting corset
should add beauty to form and comfort
and support to the wearer. An oppor
tunity to consult such a student of cor
sets and feminine form seldom occurs
Miss Hulin is a leader in her profession
and is in. a position £o give advice that
may mean years of comfort to any lady
consulting her. She will be at Hale Bros,
for some time, demonstrating, fitting, ad
vising and explaining the merits of cor
rect corset fit and comfort. Her services
and advice will be free to the patrons of
the store.
People are said to eat much more
bread in winter than they do in sum
mer.
Landaus, wagonettes, traps and drags
of the latest designs at O'Brien & Sons',
Golden Gate avenue and Polk street, •
TAXPAYERS SPEAK
AGAINST THE ZOO
They Demand a Decent City and
County Hospital and Better
School Buildings.
Denounce the Park Job as a Boodling Scheme
to Make the City Pay Seven Times
the Value of the Land.
The big bonfire and the strains of
the brass band were not necessary last
evening to draw the representative
property owner of the Mission district
to Mangels Hall to protest against the
threat of the Supervisors that they in
tended to purchase the Gum Tree Tract
at seven times its assessed valuation,
and to establish in the gully and on the
hill slopes a monkey and parrot ranch.
The following list of vice-presidents
will serve as a sample of the high
standing and character of the meet
ing: Judge F. W. Van Reynegom. Jo
seph Leggett, James Denman.Max Pop
per, E. P. E. Troy, Captain George
Raabe, J. C. Flood, John Hanlon,
Charles Alpers, A. B. Maguire, P. J.
Gomperts, Judge A. P. Van Duzer, Su
pervisor C. A. Clinton, D. V. Kelly,
James H. Barry, Charles Welsh, H.
Ebenhauser, George Walcom, John
Rafferty, Henry Boyson, Louis Vagal
la, George Crim, Henry Horston, Henry
Wynne, Walter E. Tillman, Patrick No
lan, John Welch, Frank Sullivan, Dr.
Lagan, John F. English, John Gladim,
Mr. Ochs.
The meeting put the Mission senti-
ment on record by the signing of a
protest addressed to the Board of Su
pervisors and worded as follows:
To the Honorable the Board oi Super
visors—Gentlemen :
The undersigned, taxpayers of the Mis
sion district, respectfully protest against
any appropriation being made for a zou
ground in the tax levy; but we petition
your honorable board to provide for the
erection of a new City and County Hos
pital, of modern design and comnlete in
alHts details.
Your petitioners recommend that before
purchasing land for public parks the city
should provide for new schoolhouses
where necessary, improve tne sanitary
condition of our public buildings. inauß
urate a complete system and improve tne
condition of the streets by laying down
modern pavements throughout the city.
W e regard it to be unwise to purchase
another tract or land practically adjoin
ing the Industrial school tract, which tne
city already owns, and which, in the
opinion of your petitioners, is botn de
sirable and available for park purposes.
San Francisco, Cal., February 12, 1898.
This protest was signed not by Tom,
Dick and Harry in the scale of irre
sponsibility, hut by the owners of prop
erty in the district affected by the pro
posed action of the Supervisors. It
was not a mob protest, but a property
owners' and taxpayers' protest against
the imposition of an unjust and un
necessary tax.
The protest was supplemented by a
series of ringing preambles and resolu
tions read by E. P. E. Troy, as follows:
Whereas, There is now on foot a selfish
scheme to rob the citizens and taxpayers
of this city and county by foisting upon
the city at sevpri times its value a cer
tain tract of land known as the Rock
Ranch und Gum Tree tracts as a site
for a zoological garden; and
Whereas, The selfish promoters of said
scheme have asserted that our able, hon
ored and incorruptible representative in
the Board of Supervisors from the Elev
enth Ward, Dr. Charles A. Clinton, did
not in his vigorous and manly opposition
to this unsavory job represent the views
or voice the sentiments of the residents
and property-owners of the Mission; and
Whereas, A new hospital for the proper
treatment and care of the city's sick is
absolutely- necessary if we would preserve
the fair fame and good name of our mu
nicipality, and proper school accommoda
tions for our children in which their
health and even their lives shall not be
in daily jeopardy; and
Whereas, If it be thought desirable at
this time of business depression and
financial stringency to establish a zoolog
ical garden, the city now has, in the tract
of land known as the Industrial School
and House of Correction tract a site in
every way superior to that proposed to be
purchased at so enormous a cost to the
peoplo of this city. Therefore be it
Resolved, That we, the citizens of the
Eleventh Ward and Mission District of
this city, in mass-meeting assembled, do
hereby declare our perfect confidence in
the honesty, ability and faithfulness of
our representative in the Board of Su
pervisors, Dr. Charles A. Clinton, of
whose record as a public servant we are
proud; whose invaluable public services
we gratefully recognize, and whose pub
lic acts we heartily indorse and ap
prove.
Resolved, That in our judgment no
steps should be taken by this city to ac
quire land for a zoological garden until
a new charter has been adopted and cer
tainly not until the city has erected a
proper hospital for Its sick, and provided
sanitary and comfortable accommoda
tions for all the children of our public
schools.
Resolved, That we hereby thank the
San Francisco Call for its able, vigorous
and persistent exposures of this attempt
ed steal.
It is unnecessary almost to mention
the fact that the resolutions were
adopted with a unanimous shout of
! approval.
James H. Barry made up in fire and
earnestness what his speech lacked in
length. He had come, he said, not to
make a speech, but to enter his solemn
protest against the proposed steal for
the so-called zoo. He believed in public
improvements, but did not believe in
public thefts. It was asked, he added,
that the taxpayers should contribute
nearly $400,000 for the purpose of en
riching only a few land speculators at
the expense of the people.
Mr. Barry called attention to the fact
that the city had nearly 100 acres of the
old Industrial Schocrl tract lying idle,
and that it would be a proper site for
a new City and County Hospital, "where
the maimed and the halt and the blind
may move around and enjoy God's* free
air." The site of the present hospital
could be converted into a park.
Mr. Barry closed by saying:
Let us look out for the sanitary con
dition of our schools and, incidentally, for
the sanitary condition of our Board of
Education. As bad as they are, our
Supervisors are angels of light compared
to those men who are supposed to edu
cate our children morally and intellect
ually.
Ex-Supervisor Denman was the first
speaker called on to address the meet
ing. After touching on its purpose he
said in part:
"I am in favor of a new hospital for
this city. It is about time that the city
has laid aside its swaddling clothes
and put on the garb of manhood. We
deserve a better hospital, and think
that instead of erecting on its present
site that the Almshouse tract should
be used for that purpose and not for a
monkey ranch. I am opposed to the
proposed zoo, because I think it a job,
and I think you are of the same opin
ion. [Applause.] I understand that the
gum-tree tract is assessed at $45,000.
Now, how much do you think they ask
for it? All they can get— s3B7,soo. It is
the old story over again — I have al
ways fought such jobs and will con
tinue to do so."
Judge Van Reynegom said: "I think
ADVEBTISEMENTS. 4
o ooooooooooooooooooooooobooooooooooo
0 SPECIAL SALE |
PACKETS! JACKETS!!
o To close out our entire stock of Fall and Winter ©
O Jackets we have made such reductions in prices ®
o to effect a speedy clearance, in order to make o
o room for our spring importations. o
O ■' LOT ■ 1-93.75. . . g
n $5 00 and $8 00 JACKETS, assorted styles, high and low collars, tan, brown **
. and navy, to close at. ........'. $3 75 O
° lot 255.00. *■■"■> O
O $7 50 and $8 50 JACKETS, assorted styles, made . of Kersey Covert Cloth, a O
O stylish garment, to close at".....;..... . — .......$5 00 a
6 LOT 3-97. 50. ; <5
q $10 00 and $12 50 JACKETS, navy, tan and green Kersey, light and medium Q
!f shades Covert Cloth, some silk lined throughout, will be closed out at.. s7 50 ~
X LOT 4-910.00. o
v $15 00 and $17 50 JACKETS, silk lined throughout, made of extra quality X
O Kersey Cloth, high class tailoring, will be closed out at .....$lO 00 "
O LOT 5-917. 50. °
O IMPORTED JACKETS, finest tailor made garment, lined with best quality ©
rt of silk only one of a style, regular price $25 00, $30 00, $35 00, $40 00, will be O
w closed out at.................:........... ... ...' — ............................ $l7 50 a
© Some of the lots being quite limited we request the ladies to call early.
0 EXTRA. SPECIAL. %
,gK 60 American Fitch Capes. 100 American Fitch noni*, MAw ri«*H '!■•'» (VU»^ *•
\ v former|lr|o SA ■ former prico <t>A sa pmph Mn«»i ie *> T » O
© Price $25, at*|>.l-4»OU . 15. at... 7..... OZ«DIf . ni,... »: itM #©•• O
1 GOLDEN GATE CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE S
O 12301232 MARKET STREET,
OooOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQOOOOQOOOOOOOO
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PRINTED
DRESS
- ' : "■:'•■'■-■/■■
FABRICS
• ••• • s • /POP •••••••
M +malr
We beg to announce the opening of a
very large and elegant stocK of tr;e very
latest productions of Foreign and Do-
mestic PRINTED DRESS GOODS. We
call special attention to our new lines of
French; Printed Cballies, French Printed
Organdies, Irish Printed Din)ities, French;
Printed Jaconets, Printed Percales and
Genuine Cheviots and Madras Cloths.
SPECIALS !
PRINTED FRENCH ORGANDIES, exquisite de-
signs, 31 inches wide—
25c Yard.
AMERICAN PRINTED ORGANDIES, 31 Inches
wide, beautiful designs—
15c Yard.
GENUINE MADRAS ZEPHYRS, 31 Inches wide,
very latest styles—
15c Yard.
jLT£~\rjrrj OUR MAIL ORDER DEPARTMENT Is
f\| 1 111 most complete, and our patrons residing
1 rv/ * *-** in the INTERIOR are requested to writ©
for samples of our NEW WASH DRESS FABRICS at once.
AH orders from the country will receive prompt and care-
ful attention.
111, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
It is a ehame that the hospital accom
modations are so wretched. It is a
good passport for the ports of death,
and I feel sorry that any human being
must go there."
Joseph Leggett said that the present
ramshackle that is used for a hospital
is a disgrace to the city and will al
ways remain so until a new structure
ia erected. That would be better than
a monkey garden.
Dr. Clinton was then introduced, and
received a hearty greeting. In a few
well-chosen words he thanked his
neighbors for their Indorsement of his
stand, and pledged himself with con
tinuing to uphold their interests.
Max Popper said he came as a repre
sentative of the Castro street division,
and that all the residents of that part
of the Mission were opposed to the
purchase of the gum tree tract. He
stated that he had taken the trouble
to canvass the district and claimed that
the majority were opposed to the plan.
John Hanlon followed in a short
speech, and his remarks were received
with applause. .
All the speakers paid high tribute to
Supervisor Clinton for his devotion in
this matter to the interests of the peo
ple. After the conclusion of the meet
ing the Supervisor was serenaded at
his residence by the band and several
hundred citizens.
Rabbi Myers' Lecture.
"The T,ight of the Sabbath Lamp" will
be the subject of Rabbi Myers' address
at the Bush-street Temple this evening.
Read Call History offer. Page 2. •
§ ANNUAL |
I Clearance Sale |
§ S. & G. GUMP, §
§ Art Store, I
g 113 Geary Street. g
1 20° Discount
| g — on — »
a Pictures, I
| Statuary, |
|g Ornaments, s
§ Crockery, |
g Glassware, Etc. a
g SALE TO LAST DURING MONTH g
o OP FEBRUARY ONLY. §
FURNITURE,
CARPETS.
B Ladies'
nil n
$3.50
Cash or
Little-a t-a-time Payments.
J. NOONAN,
1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
516-518-520-522 Minna St.,
J fiBOVE SIXTH ST.
Telephone, South 14. -;V Open Evening*.
| WE RENT ALL MAKES I
A Few Partly Used For Sale.
KKNP FOR SAMPLES 0? WORE and PRICKS.
L.&M.ALEXANDER&CO. \
110 Montgomery St.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
1)QO MARKET ST.. - I OPPJV -: PALACH
000 Hotel. Telephone 170. RealdwoTiS •THE CALL Sunday Edition
"FUERO LOS AMERICANOS" SHOUTED THE SPANISH MOB
Los Americanos! Fuero
Yankee filibusteros!"
From morning until night the
streets of San Sebastian rang
with the menacing words.
On every lip the same cry,
"Down with the Americans!
Away with the Yankee filibus-
ters."
The little children out for their morn
ing walk, with their nursemaids,
ehouted it in sweet high childish treble;
the flower girls and chestnut venders
sang out the excellence of their
•wares, their soft voices thick with pas
sion as they interspersed their remarks
with eternal maledictions on "los
Americanos;" the street gamins and
Idlers gathered in little knots and vied
with each other in finding appropriate
terms to express their hatred and con
tempt for the "Pueblo Yank." In the
The Little King Stood Beside H«s Mother, the Queen, and the Archbishop, and They fill Wept as the Soldiers
Marched Past.
chops, on the streets, at the casino,
along the boulevard, the cry rang as
from a single throat, "Ftfero los Esta
dos Unidos!" "Down With the United
Sta:
Buta week before San Sebastian had
.pursued the even tenor of its way
Ptoithout an outward evidence of this
smoldering fire. The blaze s-tarted
when a report came that an American
Senator had delivered an open tirade
in Congress against Spain. Full ac
. counts, v.ith. embellishments, were
published in the papers next day, and
from San Sebastian, tucked away on
Exciting /W^enhi res of a San Francisco Qirl in Spain During tke /UtacU on tke /Imerican
Embassy and tke Embarkation of Troops for tke Seat
of War in Guba.
the northern border, washed by the
Bay of Biscay, through Madrid, down
to Cadiz and Malaga, in the south, the
excitement rose to fever heat.
"What right have the Americans to
interfere in Spanish-Cuban affairs?
Who are they? A people without his
tory or origin, formed from the scum
of Europe and the sediment of the
prisons, a people wh«se fundamental
law is La Ley de Lynch. And do they,
who have conquered their territory by
assassination, wish to give lessons to
the Spaniards in humanitarisimo?"
The papers teemed with inflammable
philippics, the wrath of the people
mounted steadily higher. Then came
the news that broke the floodgates of
angry passions. The Yale students had
burned in effigy their beloved little
King Alfonso XIII I The people did not
realize that it was but the hot-headed
action of youthful students. They took
it as an added insult from the United
States, and goaded on by a thirst for
revenge, the thought of the indignity
put upon the little kins, rankling deep
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1898.
in every proud and patriotic heart, they
threw restraint to the winds. Through
the streets of Madrid swayed that
hydra-headed monster — the mob.
As by a single impulse it moved
straight toward the home of the Ameri
can Minister. The savage was upper
most, and with fierce exultation in the
glow that comes when passions long re
strained are given free rein, the mob
gave vent to its wrath by stoning Min
ister Taylor's house.
"Buenol" shouted the people of San
Sebastian when they heard of it, and
"Bueno!" -echoed the rest of Spain.
But by nightfall San Sebastian was
one mass of fluttering banners, flags,
streamers, wreaths and garlands. A
feverish populace impatiently •waited
for the morrow when the little king,
the queen and the two infantas with
their retinue should arrive for a two
fold purpose: to bid godspeed and in
spire courage in the 5000 soldiers who
had responded to the call of "more men
for Cuba," and to temporarily forget
court life in the capital on the pretty
little beach of San Sebastian set apart
for the royal family and called "the
concha."
As an American girl, you may think
that I ought to have resented the mal
edictions that filled the air on "Los
Americanos." To the contrary, I felt
an unbounded sympathy for the frantic
Spaniards. After all they were not
more ignorant of our country than the
majority of Americans are of Spain.
As a student, I had come to Spain
with distorted conceptions of her peo
ple. But a year's sojourn among them
had corrected all this. Living among
them as I did I could see clearly that
there was some right and justice on
Spain's side.
Onr house being well known as the
home of Americans, we were in a
quandary as to whether or not we
should fly our beloved flag o*n the day
of the fete when the Queen should ar
rive. It was the custom of all the
foreign residents to hang their respec
tive flags alongside of the Spanish flag
from their balconies on the annual fete
day celebrating the arrival of the
royal family at San Sebastian. But in
the state of feverish excitement the
flying of the American colors might
rouse the mob, as it did when Minister
Taylor's house was stoned. On the
other hand if we did not raise our
colors the people might regard It as a
sign that we did not wish to pay proper
respect to the royal family.
A note from the Alcalde quickly set
tled the difficult question. "Fly your
colors," he said. "I pledge you protec
tion." Ten minutes afterward, at his
order, twenty civil guards quietly sta
tioned themselves around our house.
At 7 o'clock in the morning I was
awakened by shouts that gradually
rose into clear distinctiveness: "The
soldiers! the soldiers! the soldiers have
come!"
. Every house in town emptied itself
as though by magic, and not one nor
two nor three thousand people but all
San Sebastian rushed to the station to
enthusiastically greet the royal party.
An hour later, swelled by the voices
of the 5000 soldiers, came the cry, "The
King!" "The King!" The bands struck
up "La Marcha Real," and the people
shouted themselves hoarse, as the royal
family drove through the streets to the
summer palace. Arrived there the pop
ulace turned again and made a mad
rush for the boulevard where, in the
presence of the royal family, the Arch
bishop was to give a solemn mass for
the departing soldiers.
Long before 10 o'clock, the appointed
hour, every inch of space was packed
with an excited throng, whose volatile
temperament permitted it to change in
an instant from a passion-tossed popu
lace to men and women with reverence
in the heart and prayer on the lips for
their beloved rulers. The 5000 soldiers
filed in solemn lines into the open space
allotted them, and high above all, on a
spacious platform erected for the occa
sion, stood the altar, before which knelt
the Archbishop, the assisting priests
arid the royal family. The impressive
service was chanted to the accompani
ment of the low and mournful boom
of the ocean waves as they broke
against the stone walls.
It was a sight which neither time nor
change can ever efface. In the rear the
deserted city, silent as a city of the
dead; to the front the kneeling multi
tude with bowed heads and tearful
eyes, their black garments in sharp
contrast to the azure of the sky, for be
it known there is scarcely a family in
Spain that has not lost some relative
in the Cuban struggle, and nearly ev
ery woman and child is in mourning.
In front of this almost weeping
crowd marched line upon line of sol
diers, clad in dark blue denim suits,
their knapsacks and an extra pair of
shoes flung over their shoulders, the
officers in the same sort of uniform,
save that their cuffs and collars were
decorated with stars. Less than a
week before those soldiers had lived
leagues apart, but the common cause,
the preservation of Cuba for the mother
country, Spain, had drawn them to
gether and on this solemn march to the
front.
Over half of the loyal fellows in the
marching ranks were mere boys. The
country had been almost drained of its
men.
The gorgeous altar there on the street
of San Sebastian, the splendid robes of
the priests, the pale blue gowns of the
two princesses, furnished the only dash
of color. The Queen in her simple gray
gown and bonnet, and the little King,
the delicate contour of his face brought
out in relief by his close-fitting blue
uniform, stood side by side as the Arch
bishop finished the services.
From whore I stood I could see the
frail form of the boy King shake with
suppressed sobs, and the Queen gazed
for a moment at the pathetic picture
before her, and then shuddered and
covered her face with her hands until
she could regain her composure.
Not one in our party could restrain
from sobbing at the pathetic sight.
At the last word from the Archbish
op the royal family, their faces bathed
in tears, descended from the altar and
were quickly whirled away in car
riages.
The people lined the entire way, on
either side, from the boulevard to the
station, where the trains waited ■to
bear the soldiers the mile or two to
San Xander, whence the ships set sail
for Cuba. Those two miles were one
long line of sobbing men and women.
Every barrier of birth and pride was
broken down, heart to heart they met
oh the common ground of human sym
pathy. The proud senora of aristo
cratic birth saw in some obscure coun
try youth a resemblance to her own
boy in far off Cuba, and gave him a
token for luck. Women and girls
stripped themselves of their jewels and
flung them at the soldiers. Men held
out their purses to the passing soldiers.
I saw the pretty flower girl who every
morning brought us a basket of blos
soms unfasten the little gold pin which
I gave her and for which she had over
whelmed me with endless thanks, and
without a sigh of regret at losing her
one trinket, she fastened it on the coat
of a soldier who had not received a
parting token.
At the station the crowd surged
around the trains that were packed to
Buffocation with the soldiers.
How the people cheered! How they
called on heaven to help their cause!
When a messenger broke through
their ranks and distributed among the
soldiers little crosses ,as a parting gift
from their boy King you could hav6
heard the cheers miles away.
And so midst tears and shouts, hand
wavings and kisses, prayers and bless
ings, bearing with them all the money
and jewels that the impulsive people
had thrown them, the soldiers departed.
On the following day San Sebastian
again shouted "Bueno!" foT the news
came that the beautiful hotel in Gra
nada called Washington Irving, In
honor of the American who made that
city and the Alhambra famous, had
had its name officially changed.
MIRANDA MASON.
CHANCES IN THE WORLD FOR BOYS.
By Henry E. Highton.
Manifestly, it would be impossible
even to consider the deeper and under
lying reasons which in recent years
have affected industrial conditions,
and still less possible to 'discuss
the remedy. The unnatural con
flict which has been so long
raging between capital and labor has
tended to destroy the middle men,
through whom the greater part of the
business of the world was formerly
transacted; to derange the equipoise of
industry, and to illustrate what Tenny
son calls "the falsehood of extremes."
Of the terrible evils affecting labor of
every kind which have already resulted
from this conflict I have no doubt
whatever; but I am equally convinced
that they constitute phenomena, de
plorable in themselves, but through
which a better order is to be secured
and a higher development attained.
First — You ask me whether, in my
opinion, a boy has as good a chance in
the world now as when I was a boy.
My answer is "Yes" and "No." Thfat
a boy could have as good a chance to
make his way now as then I firmly be
lieve. That the average boy actually
has I do not believe. The reason is
to be found in the average boy him
self, and that not through his own
fault.
When I came to this Coast, nearly
fifty years ago, it was easier to earn a
livelihood than it is to-day, but, at the
same time, two facts coexisted, first,
average boys, in all the gradations of
life, from the manual to the intel
lectual, were brought up to work and
were trained and developed at home,
and, second, girls were not their com
petitors. In 1898, while the necessity
for labor is greater, these conditions
are reversed. The problem of life
among boys is largely how to live
without work, and girls are pushing
their way into all industrial occupa*
tions. These facts are due to the re
laxation of home training and to edu
cation, which rises intelligence and
stimulates ambition without a definite
object. The result is that the profes
sions and mercantile business are over
crowded by men who are above man
ual toil and unfit for intellectual
achievements, and, in the struggle for
existence and for unfruitful and lux
urious existence, the standard of right
and wrong is lowered. Hence the enor
mous increase of politicians, to whom
government is a goose to be plucked,
and who aim to convert official life
into a form of paternalism which ia
supposed to supply the deficiencies of
the people themselves. It is true that
combinations, both of capital and of
labor, have obstructed the approaches
to many forms of industry. But, .when
this is conceded, still the chief trouble*'
with the average boy of the present
day could be removed by the resurrec
tion of the home and by such improve
ments in our splendid educational sys
tem as would prepare every boy and
every girl for some definite employ
ment as well as for the discharge of
their ordinary duties in relation to
each other and to the world.
Second — Do you think industrial con
ditions have become so harsh in this
country as to make the outlook
gloomy?
Answer — Undoubtedly there Is much
hardship in existing conditions, but I
do not consider the outlook "gloomy."
With all our faults, and notwithstand
ing the evils against which we have to
contend, the average standard of ma
terial and intellectual life in the United
States is higher than in any
other country and much higher
than it was fifty years ago.
Our resources and our opportu
nities are virtually unlimited. As we
approach the end of the century,
amidst fill the darkness which has
overspread industry for a number of
years, the dawn of a brighter epoch
can be distinctly observed.
Third — What trade or business do
you think offers the most hope for the
rising generation?
Answer — No segregated trade or
business, but, referring comprehen
sively to the Pacific Coast, all the
trades and all the business included in
agriculture, horticulture, sugar-beet
culture and mining.
Fourth — Do you believe machinery
and trusts have made it practically im
possible for the average poor boy to
get far above the station in which he
was born?
Answer— As to machinery, I answer
in the negative, because I believe that
machinery has increased the demand
for labor and improved its quality. As
to trusts, in their relation to "the aver
age poor boy," as in many other rela
tions. I regard them as injurious, but
not to the extent suggested by the
question. All forms of monopoly, in
cluding trusts, tend to place the poor
at the mercy of the rich, and thus to
obstruct the aspirations of youth. But
I am quite satisfied that, in spite of the
trusts in the United States, the "aver
age poor boy" can raise himself, by
study and industry, good habits and
reasonable economy.18
BRICK OF KING SARGON I-NIPPUR.
WITHIN the past thr<*e years
surprising discoveries have
been made in Babylonia by
the scholars of Europe and
America. They are of such
a character as to unsettle
much that has been accepted by the
world for centuries. At the present
time Assyriologists are busily engaged
in furthering the work, with the hope
of supplementing the discoveries al
ready made. France, England and the
United States have men of scholarship
and excavators of courage on the scene
—all engaged in an endeavor to get to
the uttermost date.
. The work now in progress will be ac
tively pushed for many years to come.
The illustrations accompanying this
article, loaned by Dr. Hilpreeht of the
University of Pennsylvania expedition,
will give a good general idea of the re
sults of the excavations. The meanings
of these fragments, worse than the pro
verbial Greek to the layman, are eas
ily mastered by the Assyriologists, and
it is by means of these examples that
the history of the world has been car
ried back so many thousands of years.
Two years ago Sargon I and Xarain
Sin were believed by the world to rep
resent the earliest stage of civilization,
the father and son reigning in Baby
lonia in succession a few hundred
years less than four thousand before
the birth of Christ. And even this was
not wholly conceded, no less a scholar
than Niebuhr contending that these
two kings were unhistorieal and th^ir
reigns only legendary. But the Univer
sity of Pennsylvania expeditir.-n some
time since established the existence of
these two kipgs beyond all doubt. Nu
ns monuments of these rulers have
been brought to light in the mounds of
Nippur, oldest of the world's cities. Not
only this, but there have been un
earthed from beneath the ruins of the
VALENTINES SHOWING WHAT TWO BIG NATIONS THINK OF ONE ANOTHER
SOME
OF
THE
PERTINENT
THINGS
ABOUT
ENGLAND
AND .
THE
ENGLISH
THAT
ARE
CARICA
TURED
IN
AMERICAN
PAPERS.
temple o-f Sargon, from beneath the
foundation of his city, many thousand
SOUTHEASTERN CORNER OF THE TEMPLE TOWER OF UR-GUR.
Uncle Sam to "J. Bull, Esq."
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUXPAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1898.
OLDEST RECORDS FOUND
OF HUMAN BEINGS
Scholars Seeking Civilization's Dawn in
the Ruins of Babylonia.
Remarkable Discoveries Recently .Made by tfye
Jlssyriologists of Two Continents.
cuneiform scripts by which history can
now be written backward three thou
sand years beyond tho days of Sargon.
The cuneiform scripts of Sargon and
his son and those of Nebuchadnezzar
are after all not very dissimilar, while
the texts found deep dcrwn below the
temple of Bel (Baal) are to those of the
>n period as is the writing of a
child to that of a man. The French ex
pedition, which has been at work far
ther south, confirms these general re
sults and places the age of. the world,
in civilization, from seven thousand t_/
ten thousand years before Christ. Thus
Sargon I, instead of representing the
dawn of civilization, can stand for lit
tle more than the middle chapter of the
ages before Christ. The whole effect of
the great w<>rk is confirmatory of the
Bible No conflict can result between
the new B. C. 7000 and the Biblical B.
C. 4004. This Biblical date was fixed
by the scholars of two hundred and
fifty years ago, who were as wise in the
matter as the excavations and tradi
tions of their period permitted.
The work has been done under the
greatest of difficulties. The famous
English explorer Sir Henry Layard re
tired discouraged from the great mound
of Nippur, where the American expedi
tion has toiled for several years, in the
campaign previous to the present for
thirty-four months continuously, often
in heat of 120 degrees in the shade,
with sand storms and biting insects as
almost constant terrors, and with
treacherous Arabs, very willing to rob
and kill, as frequent companions. The
first American expedition left the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania in ISBB. Since
that time about $100. 000 has been ex
pended, contributed by a few citizens
of Philadelphia. The work of the first
expedition covered the period of 1888
89. The staff consisted of Dr. John P.
Peters, director; W. Herman v. Hil
precht. Assyriologist, and J. H. Haynes,
excavator.
The laborers, 200 Arabs, were fur
nished by the Turkish Government,
which has always, through Dr. Hil
precht, been a party to the work. Tur
key has had its reward as the excava
tions have progressed in the increase of
Its store of objects of antiquity.
The second expedition, entering the
field later, in 1889, resumed the work
with 400 Arabs, securing some 8000 tab
lets, several stamps in terra cotta, hun
dreds of vases bearing inscriptions, and
many bowls and other antiquities.
It was from this expedition that came
the sensational results. For three years
the members of the expedition worked,
pursuing their purpose beneath the
burning sun for nearly three years
without cessation. Inspired by the ever
opening, ever widening discoveries re
vealed to them as they delved down
deep beneath the temple of Bel. There
was made a thorough examination of
the lower strata of the temple as de
pcribed by Dr. Hllprechi in his monu
mental work, "The Babylonian Expedi
tion of the University of Pennsyl
vania." Three sections were excavated
down to the water level of the old de
parted river Shatt-en-NIL A systematic
study of Babylonian drainage was
made and the two most ancient arches
of Babylonia were unearthed by Mr.
Haynes. Structures built by Naram
Sin and pre-Sargonlc buildings and
vases were found. Four hundred tombs
of various periods and forms were ex
cavated and their contents saved.
Twenty-one thousand cuneiform tablets
were found and taken away, tablets
containing history as plainly written to
the Assyriologist as are the text books
of our colleges and universities to their
students to-day.
Many fragments were also found,
among them contracts dated in the
reign of Dungi, son of I'r-(;ur, of many
Cassit"' kings hitherto unknown, of Da
rius and of Artaxerxes Mnemon. The
torso of an inscribed statue, hundred*
of vase fragments, ruins of what was
an old fountain in terra cotta baa re
lief, water cocks, drain tiles, fifty clay
coffins and burial urns — these were
among the other finds. The
savants of Europe and Amer
ica agree that by the great
results obtained, the studies of ancient
history, paleography and philology
have been badly upset and a universal
revision is held to be necessary.
The vast ruins of the Temple of Bel
are situated near the empty bed of the
Shatt-en-Nil, which divided Nippur
Into two parts. Out of the midst of
the ruins there arises a conical mound,
whose top is about one hundred feet
above the level of the surrounding
BELOW THE PLATFORM OF KING SARCON,
Showing a wall cround a Shrine arjd an open drain, near the mouth
of which a Keystone Arch. 5000 B. C, was found.
John Bull to "U. Sam, Esq."
NORTHWESTERN FACADE OF THE FfIMOUS TEMPLE TOWER.
plain. The crest c.-f the mound is about
lil'tj- feet above the surrounding debris.
In this mound are the ruins of the
great Temple of Bel. To the care of
this temple the kings of Babylonia ap
plied ihemselves as to a religion.
Shrines were added, its beauties were
enhanced, and there is every evidence
that the sanitary arrangements were
good and that they were not allowed to
fall into bad condition.
At the time of Ur-Gur, B. C. 2800, the
ziggurat, or temple tower, stood on the
northwestern edge of an immense plat
form which formed the pavement of the
whole temple inclosure. This platform
was made entirely of sun-dried bricks,
not inscribed, identical "with the mass
of crude bricks forming the body of the
temple tower. Below the platform of
Ur-Gur was another pavement, consist
ing of two courses of burned brick.
These were fifty centimeters square and
eight centimeters thick. Most of them
were stamped. Dr. Hllprecht believes
that the inscriptions on these bricks
and on some door sockets establish the
identity of Shargani-Sharali with Sar
gon I, and states that this second plat
form was apparently laid by Sargon
and relaid by his son, Naram-Sin.
Another striking illustration of the
activity of Naram-Sin was found In the
ruins of the outer wall of the city. The
foundation of this wall was placed on
solid clay, two-thirds of a meter be
low the water line of the river, or five
meters below the plane of the desert.
This foundation was built of worked
clay with cut straw, and was raised to
a height of five and a half meters. The
top of the foundation was thirteen and
three-quarters meters wide, and upon
this, it is Justifiable to assume, a great
wall was raised to some unknown
height. The ruins of this wall, were
there nothing else, would establish the
leading position of Nippur in the world
during that city's existence.
■ ■
"Seen my boy Tommy anywhere,
Mrs. Rook?"
"Well, no, I hain't seen Mm, but
there's a fight at the other end of the
street."
SOME
OF
THE
PERTINENT
THINGS
ABOUT
AMERICA
i
AND
THE
AMERICANS
THAT
ARE
CARICA
TURED
IN
ENGLISH^
PAFERS.WAR TRICKS THAT CHINA TAUGHT TOUR BIG NATIONS.
CRUELYiES THAT THE CHINESE SOLDIERS
PRACTICED ON CAPTURED
WHITE 'DEVILS.
THE nations of Europe «re eying China with a
good deal of curiosity now. They're wondering^
just how much she'll stand, and whether, when"
driven to a corner, she'll adopt the same tactics
she did in the famous series of wars that threw
or^n so many of her sealed ports to the commerce of
tre world.
The nations of the world, and practically the same
rations are taking a hand In the present game,
Earned more of Oriental trickery and Celestial sub
terfuge and cruelty In the short years oi that event
ful period than they had learned in as many of the
preceding centuries. The nations rather condemned
John Bull when he walloped the Yellow Dragon in the
"opium war" of 1542. But John Chinaman learned a
great deal of Caucasian ways and warfare in that
brief set-to, and when, nearly a score of years later,
the European concert came playing around his shores,
h« opened up the game in quite a confident spirit.
Yeh, the Chinese Commissioner at Canton, who
conducted affairs much as though he was Director-
General of the Orient, seized the "Arrow," a lorcha
flying the British colors, blew them to the winds,
flung the Chinese crew (who claimed to be British
subjects) into jail, and told the protesting representa
tives to go to Potsdam for redress or anything else
they wanted. Later this oily and independent diplo
mat, when he was cornered and forced to make some
sort of treaties and promises, readily and greedily
made all sorts of treaties and promises. He agreeably
signed all sorts of papers, but when the European
diplomats were out of sight he locked up the treaties
in an old box, instead of forwarding them to his
home Government, and forgot his promises. Later
these same treaties, dirt begrimed and soiled, were
discovered among his effects by the wrathful Euro
peans. They were found to be most useful then to
burn up what remained of his abandoned garbage.
The English finally determined to bring this oily
old Pooh Bah to time, so they sent four war vessels
to bombard Canton, his headquarters. That oily Pooh
Bah, Teh, knew a thing: or two in an Oriental way,
and he soon had the United States, Russia and France
pounding before the doors of Canton. But instead of
wrangling among themselves over the spoils, as he
had figured, they agreed that he ought to be burned
out. Yeh withstood them as long as his rice-fed sol
diers would fight; then, in an explosion of over
twenty-five big war Junks and the blaze of all of
Canton's public buildings, they ran him to Calcutta,
where he was locked up. The plenipotentiaries of all
the attacking powers rummaged among his papers,
and when they discovered how he had bamboozled
them In his crafty Oriental fashion, they determined
to make a lasting lesson on China. Through Yen's
deception, all their diplomatic work had been for
naught, so they began to consult on the best way of
dealing directly with the head of the Government,
and not through its tricky agents. This consultation
led to the famous advance on Peking by the combined
powers and the discovery of "mysterious" Cnina.
All the while all sorts of tricks, horrors and cru
elties were being perpetrated on the Caucasians when
ever the Celestials could catch them napping. The
white soldiers soon discovered that new tactics were
needed to meet the yellow soldiers' style of warfare.
Even after the first defeats the Chinese were not
to be trusted, and the allies had to be ever on the
valert to guard against their treacherous and cruel
An attempt was made, after the
rail of Canton, to poison the waters at Hongkong and
destroy the whole community, but, luckily, the plot
was discovered in time.
The advance of the war vessels of the four powers
to the entrance of the Peiho River was a memorable
event in Chinese history. Four great forts, deemed
to be impregnable, guarded that entrance. It was
the gateway to Peking. While the diplomats were
discussing what to do, and the plenipotentiaries were
bundling Mr. Astute Commissioner Yeh off to Cal
cutta, myriads of Chinese were actively at work
strengthening their forts on the river. But the four
powers, after several days' cannonading and shelling,
brought the Chinese to terms and they decided it was
prudent to sign several of the treaties that Commis
sion Yeh had dealt with so glibly and lightly.
Diplomatic sparring followed for two years; then
the Chinese thought themselves again in condition
to make a few changes in the old agreements. Each
ceding negotiations and warfare, so when they
stripped for the fray each knew it was for blood,
property and a historic record. Certain it is that the
little yellow fighters showed more ingenuity, skill,
trickery and cruelty than they had in all their pre
side had learned a good deal of the other in the pre
vious exhibitions pat together.
War vessels near Canton were never safe unless
A Shot From the Man-of-War StrucK the Magazine and * Blew the Big JunK to Fragments
the utmost vigilance was observed by tnose on duty
as floating torpedoes and fire rafts -were continually
being launched by the Chinese. Should one of these
have exploded it would have destroyed the whole fleet.
It was during this blockade that the British ship
Niger was made the victim of one of the most das
tardly and disgusting plots in history. Late one
very dark night, the Chinese launched a villainous
junk of strange build that floated Gown onto the
British vessel. An attempt was .made to tow it clear,
but before this could be done there was an explosion
that ripped the upper decks off the junk ami filled
tut- air with the most disgusting material and scat
tered it ovar the Niger from truck to water line. The
Niger was never used again. She was taken back
to England and dismantled.
i;ners who unluckily fell into the hands of
the Ohlnesi 1 were subjected to the most cruel and
brutal kind of tortures, which were made to last as
long as the victims had any life left in them, and
when that was about extinct they were finally sliced
to pieces.
One poor French bluejacket, who had imbibed a
little too much "Samshoo," wandered outside the lines
and fell Into the hands of the enemy, and although
every attempt waa made to rescue him, he was never
THE SAX FB Ay CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBBTTABY 13, 1898.
The Chineee lost no time in strengthening the
approaches to Tientsin. The forts at the entrance to
the Peiho River were entirely reconstructed and more
heavily armed with superior guns, and the approaches
by sea and land made almost impregnable. The river
was "boomed" and rendered almost imm-.vigable, and
torpedoes were sunk at all points of the entrance to
the river, but fortunately they proved to be harmless.
In the summer the British fleet again appeared off
the Peiho River for the purpose of ratifying the
treaty made and signed at Tientsin the year before,
but this time to meet with defeat, for upon the gun
boats attempting to- enter the river the heaviest kind
of a fire was opened upon them and three vessels were
sunk. Of a landing party of about 1000 men who at
tempted to storm and, take the large fort on the
south bank of the river, 470 men were killed.
It was here that the Chinese again resorted to
their peculiar tricks. Ditches, dug in front of the
forts and filled with slush, were covered over with
grass and weeds so aa to look like solid ground. The
soldiers who attempted to cross them instantly sank
from sight and suffocated. Besides this, there were
scattered over the ground bamboo spikes that were
capable of cutting through the strongest boot and
crippling the soldiers. Then there was a sort of iron
frame that held a pointed spear pointed in the direc
tion of the attack. This was concealed by weeds so
that the soldier who ran against it with any force was
impaled and hung until death relieved him of his mis
eries. Noisome stuff was scattered everywhere.
During the attack Admiral Sir James Hope was
severely wounded while on the bridge of his little
"tender," the Coromandel. and did not leave his post
until the whole of the killed and wounded had been
recovered and the flotilla of gunboats had withdrawn
from beyond the range of the Chinese guns.
An incident occurred at this time which reflects
the greatest honor on the American navy. Commo
dore Tatnell, in his flagship, the frigate I'owhattan,
was with the English fleet. During the engagement
he was the guest and companion of Sir James Hope.
The two brave men stood side by side on the bridge
of the Coromandel. A huge round shot carried off
half the "pivot gun's" crew, and Commodore Tatnell,
quickly taking in the situation, called his coxswain
and boat's crew up from their boat to fill up the va
seen again by his countrymen. It was
learned afterward that he had been
gradually chopped to bits by having a
finger, toe, ear or some other portion
of his body amputated every day, this
gradual execution lasting several
weeks.
Upon another occasion, four British
marines were "cut off" near Canton,
and during the days of their captivity
were compelled to eat the vilest kind of
food, while their thirst was only al
lowed to be quenched by the most stag
nant water. Only one of them sur
vived the horrible tornture to tell
the tale. He died a day or two after
his rescue.
cant gun numbers, and thus, for the first time in
naval history, American and British tars fought side
by side. The round shot which severely wounded the
British admiral was the messenger of death to the
brave American coxswain, who fell dead while firing
a British gun. The commodore felt his loss keenly,
and remarked to Sir James, who was being "propped
"P" in an arm chair: "Blood is thicker than water."
This remark had a double meaning and is now a his
toric one in both navies.
The officers and men of the old Powhattan did all
they could to assist their wounded British cousins.
Lieutenant Semmes, of subsequent fame in the Con
federate navy, was executive officer of the Powhat
tan and behaved nobly on that disastrous occasion.
It was next to impossible to renew hostilities that
year, as it was found impracticable to capture the
place without the aid of land troops and artillery,
and nothing further was attempted until the follow
ing year.
The news of this disaster spread great consterna
tion among civilized nations. The European nations
began to dread that the Chinese dragon had at last
been roused. Great Britain and France lost no time
in meeting the threatened emergency. They set about
actively preparing fleets sufficiently powerful to cap
ture the whole coast of China if necessary. The
navy yards of those two countries were kept busy for
the better part of eight months in equipping and dis
patching the necessary war vessels to the China seas.
Merchant vessels were chartered to carry troops,
horses and the various munitions of war to the
Orient, and all the then-famed American-Chtna clip
pers were chartered by the British Government to
convey coal from Japan to the coming seat of war.
By the early part of 1860 there were in the Chinese
seas nearly 300 English and French war vessels of
all classes, besides an immense fleet of English,
French and American merchant steamers and sailing
vessels, used as transports.
The British army was composed of regiments of
regular cavalry, infantry, artillery, etc., besides drafts
from the most famed Indian cavalry and infantry
regiments. The French A\aa composed mainly of ma
rines, artillery and Algerian troops, Ooth armies
being well equipped as regards their commissaries,
hospital and other necessary non-combative corps,
in addition to whicl) the British had the C C. C.'s
(Chinese Coolie corps), a body of picked Chinese,
mainly recruited from Canton. (Many of these, it
was afterward learned, had been fighting against
them at that place.) This time they were officered
from the Royal Marines.
When hostilities were resumed, the Chinese ex
pected the same kind of tactics as had been employed
the year before, and were prepared for them. But
the English and French officers knew that the forts
were practically impregnable from the front, and it
was no part of the campaign to make the attack
that way.
All the cavalry. Infantry and artillery were landed
on both sides of the river, completely surprising the
Chinese, who had never thought of a flank movement.
The first fort was captured almost without resist
ance, most of the Celestials fleeing to tne forts fur
ther up the river. It was here that there was heavy
fighting that lasted two days, but ended in the almost
complete destruction of the forts. Heavy artillery
was brought up and the shelling was fearful. On the
last day the Chinese were driven out through the
front of their fort onto the villainous death traps
they had set for the English and French. Here they
were compelled to take their own medicine, and thou
sands were suffocated in the mud ditches, crippled on
the bamboo spikes and impaled on the spears. The
Chinese had been taught their lesson, and the author
ities were only too glad to sign treaties that opened
their ports to the world.
CAPTAIN GEORGE E. JACKSON.
HEROES OF HEBREW PLAY-WRITING.
FANCY turning out eight plays a year for the
stage. Yet that is what one of the dramatic
writers for the Hebrew stage does, and he
thinks nothing of it. Usually he scatters in a
half dozen extra plays for holiday productions.
The up-tc-date writers that provide Hebrew plays
for the stage are a peculiar lot. Turning out a pro
digious quantity of acts, scenes and dialogues in a
given time is not their most surprising qualification.
At present four of them furnish, ready made, the ma
terial for the Hebrew drama for the most of the world.
The Hebrew dramatic company goes stocked with
dramatic material wherever it travels. Mr. Greenbergr,
manager of the German-Hebrew Opera Company now
playing at the Bush-street Theater, carries the manu-
script of 200 plays. In speaking of this style of th«
drama as an industry, he said:
"Abraham Goldfaden is the father of Hebrew the
atricals — that is, as a profession and pursuit — in thi«
century. He started his first company in Roumania
twenty years ago. It failed there, but being trans
planted to Odessa, Russia, it succeeded. His company,
has since played in all the principal cities of Europe.
The past year the company has been in Paris, where
Goldfaden resides.
"Goldfaden is the best known author connected '
with the Hebrew drama. He has written over 100
plays. The entire repertoire of his Parisian company
is his work. The authors who are writing for the He
brew stage in America are Professor Joseph Lateiner,
Professor Abraham Horwitz and Professor Sharkan
sky. The most successful of this trio financially la
Professor Lateiner. He is 45 years old, of Roumanian
parents and has lived in the United States about ten
years. During that period he has written over 200
plays, the most successful being 'Moses in Egypt.'
"He is under contract with a New York theater to
■write not less than eight plays every year. He shares
the profits of the plays with the managers of the the
ater and gets no bonus for his manuscript. 'Alexan
dre,' one of his plays, ran an entire year in New York.
He does all of his literary work after midnight.
"The most learned and intellectual of these thre«
writers is Professor Abraham Horwitz. He Is about
60 years old and a Galician by birth. He speaks eight
languages. Over 200 plays from his pen have apv
peared. An indefatigable toiler, he has been known to
write constantly eighteen consecutive hours.
"About two years ago one of Professor Horwitz's
plays failed so completely that after the first night
the managers told him that they must take It off and
put on a tried play instead. Far from being down
cast, Professor Horwitz at once set to work and three
days later he called at the theater with three fin
ished acts of 'The Love of Jerusalem.'
"The play was at once rehearsed and staged ancl
scored an immense success. Professor Horwitz has a
weekly income of several hundred dollars, for most
of his plays have great and lasting stability. The re
ceipts from his play, 'Kouzri, or the Jews in Caucasus,'
have been over $50,000 to date. Upon the production
of his dramatic opera, 'King Solomon,' nearly $2000
was expended.
"Of Professor M. Sharkansky, the youngest of
these writers, not much can be said as yet, excepting
that in his work he gives promise of becoming the
foremost man of his kind when his present contempo
raries have written themselves out or have died. He
is about 35 years of age and has been in this country
only five years. He has written but two :>lays, both,
however, instantaneous successes. His 'Kol Nidre, or
the Persecution in Spain,' saved a Hebrew theater in
New York from closing its doors.
"He is the most eccentric and erratic of these
writers. He seldom works more than three hours a
day, v and takes months in the preparation of a play.
But^-hat he has written will no doubt be lasting."
"So many plays of this kind have already been
written," I suggested, "is it not extremely difficult for
these writers to find new plots and new ways of treat
ing themes?"
"Not at all," answered Mr. Ore^nberg. "You see,
the treatment in all cases is the same— that is, the
spirit pervades the treatment—and is absolutely fa
vorable to the Jews, of course. Otherwise it would
not be a play for a Hebrew audience. All the plays
are written around Biblical, Jewish historical inci
dents or Jewish folklore. One has but to read and cull
therefrom what he considers worthy and suitable to
dramatic treatment. And one must admit there Is no
limit to opportunity for plays in these directions.
Why, a mere incident will often serve as material for
a four-act play. Around David and his harp Pro
fessor Lateiner has woven his latest play. This has
been running for six weeks already in New York."
19
;\20
EDUCATING CHILDREN
BY PICTURES
Unique System That Is Being Developed
by an Oakland Man Who Is Trying
to Revolutionize the Schoolroom.
MANT suggestions have from \
time to time been made as to
the improvement of our pub-
He school system, but none
has struck quite so unique a j
vein as has G. L. Faust of j
Oakland. Mr. Faust has given the !
subject of child education much
thought— in fact, so much so that he
has evolved a new system which he
hopes some day to see supersede even
the most advanced systems now in
practice. He has styled the public
school room of to-day as "slaughter
pen of time and mind." This little
thing has worried him so much that
he is now writing a book which will
tell about his new theory in practi
cal use and will be an eye-opener to
teachers and a mind-opener to pupils.
Mr. Faust apparently is a man
about 55 years of age, of gentlemanly
bearing, and neither in dress, manner
nor conversation does he bear the Im
print of a "crank"; neither would one
suspect at a casual glance that this
man, G. L. Faust, is a man ambitious
to revolutionize the world in thought,
action and mind development, but,, this
is just what his theory is intended to
do.
He has the most advanced method
or system of object teaching yet
thought of; in fact, object teaching as
now practiced is but a mere kinder
garten affair as compared with the
Faust system. In order to follow the
system evolved by Mr. Faust there is
required the most unique school
rbom ever designed. He even goes
further, and to the schoolroom adds
parks, recreation grounds and numer
ous similar adjuncts.
According to Mr. Faust's idea, as set
forth in the manuscript of his book,
each 100 children should have a rec
reation park of about five acres, set
out with all kinds of plants, trees and
shrubs and flora in general and pe
culiar to the particular climate. Here
the children pass their time when not
in the recitation-room. The latter
opens from the park and each room is
designed to accommodate twenty pu
pils.
Along the sides of the room are ar
ranged little cells or compartments,
each of which is occupied by a child.
The cell is constructed so as to shut
out everything from the observer save
it view in front, and that glass front is
a magnifying lens. To be sure, there
is the aperture above, but all else is
inclosed. This inclosed space he has
provided with what he claims to be an
excellent system of Ventilation. Over
the opening at the top of the cell and
at an angle above them are mirrors,
in which is reflected the facial ex
rion and every movement of the
QUEER PHOTOGRAPH TAKEN AT A MINISTERS' PICNIC
"Speculation is both lawful and profitable," paid the pho
tographer at Pacific Grove, Monterey County. Cal.. as 1 R -
'.•ing- the beautiful results of his skill in delineating the
and forest grandeur near by. "See! This is the most
n markable scene in my collection, and the more I study It the
more I ask the question, What is it?"
The picture which he handed me represented a group of
eighteen people and a dog, posed against a background of tall.
. r pines. Each member of it was standing but six. four of
whom were children seated upon the grass and upon whom the
light seemed focused.
To the left of the picture, seated securely in a half reclining
position among the highest branches of the loftiest trees, was
the shadowy yet distinctly outlined form of a little girl, clad in
white, with folded hands, hair flowing from beneath a turbaned
cap and placidly watching the scene beneath her.
The lower limbs of the child were concealed in a haze which
extended several yards around her, and the group was uncon
scious of her presence.
Truly, it was at the first glance a remarkable picture, calcu
lated to awaken the wildest conjecture concerning things
deemed occult to those who see nothing but what is revealed
through their senses. Being of an investigating turn, I asked:
"Under what conditions was this obtained?"
"The simplest imaginable," he answered. "The date was
May 1: the time, high noon, and the occasion a May-day pi>-
nicof the Sunday school here in the Grove. The trade wind
was blowing at a moderate pace over the sandhills, which
were south of us about 150 yards. The sand ridge i.s about
seventy feet high and almost as white as snow. A few scat
tering shrubs adorn its surface. The ocean was 700 yards
southwest of us."
"And who composed the party?" I asked. "Some one may
have been victimizing you."
"Impossible," he quickly answered, "for a more orthodox,
straight-to-the-mark set of people doe 3 not exist than made
up that party of Methodist ministers, their wives and chil
dren, all of whom are residents of the Grove."
child. It Ifl by watching the expres
sion on the faces as reflected in the
mirrors that the teacher, who occupies
a high stool in the center of the room,
notes whether the occupant of the
"Had anything unusual preceded your work?"
"Nothing:, except the remark to me of one of the children
wh"m I was putting in position that she wished E<lie was
there, alluding to a little girl friend who had recently died.
"The picture was instantaneous and I made but one im
pression. The plate used was *C. Dry Plato No. 28,' size five
by eight inches, and the development was made three hours
aftr the exposure."
"What was your imprsslnn when first you saw it?'* I asked.
"I was astonished, of course, as was every member of the
group.. Fraud, as you see. was out of the question. One of
the reverend doctors said, 'It' is an optical illusion.' I said, 'I
have a spirit picture,' because 1 saw nothing improbable in
the circumstance. However. I rarely exhibit it to purchasers."
"We were standing in the rear of his tent as he spoke, and
I took a rapid survey of Mr. Adams' surroundings. He was a
traveling photographer. I'pon a shelf near me was his small
library, consisting of a Bible and works written by such mas
ters of high thinking as Drummond. Krumacher and Swederi
borg. A phrenologist would have pronounced his head well
developed and harmonious. Veneration, causality, truthful
ness and a sense of moral responsibility seemed his in an un
usual degree.
Of course I purchased the mysterious picture.
"While revisiting the drove recently I encountered one of
the elderly men who had been in the group on that day of
May, and referring to the shadow of the child in the treetop,
said:
"Of course you have a theory of how the child's form got
there!"
He is a scientific man and rarely errs in his statements;
never, willingly. He replied:
"Oh, of course it was a kind of composite picture, that is
evident; a sort of mirage— a— a freak of nature easily ac
counted for by— by natural laws in optics. Well, on the whole,
I cannot explain it. but— hut 'tis there, you know."
Of course I know, and knowing. I still wonder what was it?
NELLIE BLESSING EYSTER.
Figure of the Little Girl as It Appeared in the Picture.
From a. PhntneraQh.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARy 13, 1898.
cell is imbibing knowledge properly.
The teacher on the platform in the
center of the recitation-room has com
plete control of the cells by a system
of levers, push buttons and springs.'
At the will of the teacher the chil
dren may be released from their cells
singly, in squads or in a class.
This new system of education pro
vides for the development of the body
as well as of the mind, and for that
reason he has given particular atten
tion to the interior construction of the
cells. He has provided a separate, ad
justable seat and foot rest, so as to give
any desired angle or distance between
the two, and either may be raised and
lowered at will. The back of the seat
is of a peculiar construction, and is
adjustable not only to the height of the
child but to the curvature of its spine.
It is to put in practical use this ad
vanced theory of object teaching that
Mr. Faust has designed such an oddity
of a schoolroom. The glass fronts to
the recitation cells are none other than
magnifying lenses. The teacher at will
Can throw on these lenses stereopticon
Along the Sides of the Room Are Arranged Little Cells or Compartments, Each of Which Is Occupied by a Child.
views of such subjects as may be
chosen.
The originator would begin his edu
cation of children at the age of five
years or, as he puts it, "as soon as they j
can leave their mother's care."
Whon the child enters the school it i
•naturally goes to the primary class, |
where each child wears a number, and
in the primary class the numbers range
from one to five. It is by these nurn- \
; bers that the teacher is to distinguish
; the time of their recitation, and as to :
i what series of pictures shall be thrown
on the lenses.
All beginners start at number one, j
which number means that but one ob- i
j ject is to be thrown on the lens at a j
! time, and each object is so selected as j
: to be designated by a monosyllable, as
'■■ rat, cat, dog, man, etc. The word al- |
< ways accompanies the picture, and the !
child learns the name, or rather learns ;
; to identify the word with the object j
i until the two either together or sepa- I
' rately in this child's mind stand for
the same thing.
! These pictures will follow each other 1
in rapid succession. In the primary
stages of the teaching he suggests that
;i !>' . ut three pictures should be shown,
the idea being to train the child to
make mental observation quickly and
to retain in the memory what has been
seen. He says: "The child necessar
ily acquires the habit of attention, and
this Is the beginning of acquiring a
memory. The child knows what he
sees, and, mark this point, he learns
to tell what he knows. You know, it
has been said of men, "having eyes they
see not, and having ears they hear
not,' and there Should have been
added, "and the poor dumb creatures
cannot tell what little they know.' To
one who observes, h >w debasing It all
is. call it the prostitution of God
giv< ;i faculties."
"Now, with the number one," con
tinues Mr. Faust, "I would continue
the single object with the word and
object pictures following in rapid suc
cession until the pupil's memory had
so developed that he could follow at
least ten pictures shown in this way at
one drill. The pictures are changed at
each recital so as to have new objects
of interest. The special aim at this
time is rapidity in the succession of
the pictures so that the mind to its
capacity worked rapidly, and this is
th" cue point that is very desirable to
have fixed as a habit." Mr. Faust claims
that a mind well trained in this way
will cover more ground in a few mo
ments of time than will one of the
slow-going children of to-day in as
many hours. He also makes the as
sertion that the mind can be so devel
oped to rapid thought that It becomes
automatic in effect.
The children who have been tagged
No. 2 are those who have gone through
the training In which the pictures
thrown upon the lens consist of only
one object and one name and have
reached such a stage of development
that the pictures designed for them
comprise two words and two objects,
but in this instance both the objects
shown are animals.
The No. 3 grade pictures have three
objects, two <>f which are animals and
the third a bird, and accompanying
these objects are the three descriptive
words— all monosyllables.
No. 4 follows in the same way, only
there are two animals and two birds,
and there are four words, and the dis
syllables begin to appear, but they are
such as the teacher would class as
"easy."
Then the No. 5 follows under the
same treatment, only there are three
birds and two animals in the picture
and there are ot course five words,
mostly monosyllables, but the dissyl
lables are more frequent and a trifle
more difficult than in No. 4.
When the child has gone through the
five numbers he Is then through with
Department No. 1 and Is ready for De
partment No. 2, which is a duplicate
of No. 1 and has Its five acres of park
and also an annex, which is a spacious
apartment in which in tiers and rows
under glass capes are ranged the flora
to be found in the park. There is also
an aquarium well filled and flowers
and animals in groups, all the work of
a skilled taxidermist. In the center of
the annex there will be a great variety
of seats, rests and inclines and provis
ion for instructive games.
In Department No. 2 the children
will be numbered from one to five.
They would occupy the same peculiar
cells, with the adjustable chair, foot
rest and shoulder-clamp.
The No. 1 children would be shown
pictures with six objects, of which
there are four birds and two animals,
one bird and one animal named in dis
syllables and the others in monosyl
lables. The next grade would be five
birds and one animal, and the next
four birds and one animal, and the
next three animals and three birds,
and in the fifth but two objects and
some words.
It is in this department that Mr.
Faust would have the children begin
to form sentences. It will be seen
from his arrangement of pictures that
the word "and" is the first connecting
word brought to their attention.
In further explaining his theory Mr.
Faust says: "I would not give exact
ly tiio same succession of pictures to
each child and here comes one of the
advantages of having the children iso
lated in cells rather than in a class, as
the teacher can then arrange a series
of views to accord with the progress
and the ability of each child. It would
be the business of the teacher to school
himself carefully to know what is best
in the way of succession for each
child, but always aiming far rapidity of
thought.
"I think the old teachers under o".r
present system will concur with mo In
saying that a child learns far more
readily by oral instruction than he Joes
by ciolving for it in books, and again
in imparting information in this >ral
way a vast deal in the way of effect
depends on the manner and method in
which it is done. Oral teaching is
something erf a science.
"The birds, animals and plants in the
anner.es to the various departments I
v.t.uld have selected and arranged with
special connection with the pictures
and subjects that will be displayed on
the lenses in recitation rooms of the
department with which the annex is
connected. As by my system the teach
er would be with the pupil while at
recreatic-n in the park or annex the
lesson would in reality continue there,
in fact, the recreation in the annex or
park under the instruction of the teach
ers would be a part of the lesson, for
It would be continued there orally."
Department No. 3 will be "a class
of emotions," and the pictures selected
are from every-day life scenes, such
as arc quite familiar to the children,
and tho subject of each picture forms
a simple but complete sentence. As to
what the pictures might be can best
be judged by a few sample sentences
such as "the babe smiles." "the* dog
plays with the calf," and "the hen picks
up a seed."
Tho object will be to show such pic
tures as would have in each something
that would arouse a dormant thought
and a dormant feeling. The idea would
bo to draw the mind of the child into
a condition of self-stimulation or self
action.
It is not until the child has reached
the fourth department that Mr. Faust
would let him out of his box or cell,
but even here it is his theory to sep
arate the child from his fellows,
though he is fully exposed while at
class. As Department No. 3 was de
voted to the emotions. Department No.
4 deals with idealization. A feature of
this method of teaching idealization is
the showing of pictures of parts of ani
mals — for instance, the head of a cow
or the head of a horse. The pupil has
been familiar with pictures of the
whole animal, and now that only the
head is shown the child Is supposed to
"idealize" for the rest of the animal.
Mr. Faust thinks that the children
in this department, when they have
heen dismissed to the annex or park
from the recitation room, should each
carry with them a pencil and tablet.
These he would attach to their waist
hands, so they could be prepared at all
times to idealize.
Department No. 5 will contain the
annex and park with a special view of
giving the children a more extended
system of geological, botanical and
zoological course of instruction.
Mr. Wiggins— lt tells here how a cyclone, out in Kansas, swept away an entire town in one minute.
Mrs. Wleeins (gloomily)— An' it takes Mary Ann half an hour to sweep oft the front piazzer.— Truth.
WILL CELEBRATE
IRELAND'S CENTENARY
Interesting Short History of the Fierce
Struggle Which Irishmen Are to
Commemorate This Year.
DURING the current year, IS9B, 1
Irishmen all the world over will
celebrate the centenary of the
last great armed struggle for
their country's independence. From
America, from Australia, and from ev
ery corner of the globe where the chil
dren of Ireland dwell visitors will, this
year, return for a brief commemorative
visit to the scene of the 1798 insurrec
tion.
As a result. Interest in that fierce
struggle against English supremacy in
the green isle has acquired a renewed
interest.
For the benefit of Irish-Americans a
bird's-eye view of the incidents of the
insurrection has been prepared. The
"Calendar of "98," as it may be termed,
has been carefully revised by John E.
Redmond, M. P., Mr. Parnell's successor
in the leadership of the Irish National
ist party. The review is accurate and
impartial, and will be a useful and
handy guide for those preparing to
visit Ireland during the year.
The following is the calendar:
May 27 — Outbreak of the insurrection.
On the previous day (May 26) a brigade
of yeomanry and militia had burned
the church of Boulavogue, of which
Rev. John Murphy was pastor. This
act « precipitated the rising. Boniires
were lighted along the Wexford hills,
and the people, armed with pikes,
poured in from all sides. The first fight
occurred in the afternoon at Oulart
Hill, Fr. Murphy leading the rebels.
The British were severely routed and
almost annihilated, only five redcoats
escaping from the field.
May 28 — Fr. Murphy mustered a large
force and led it against Enniacorthy.
Battle of Knnisoorthy. in which the
British were again defeated and the
town captured.
May 30— Fight of Three Rock Moun
tain. British routed with heavy loss.
Town of Wexford surrendered to the
Irish. Beauchamp Bagenal Harvey of
Barry Castle elected commander-in
chief of the insurgents, with Fr. Mur
phy second in command.
June I—rapture1 — rapture of Newtownbarry,
under Captain K>ogh, and subsequent
recapture by a large force of British
regulars during the night. Heavy loss
on both sides. On the same day the in-
MARY ANN WAS NOT IN IT.
rp HE '98 Centennial and Mon
1 ument Association of this
city is now actively at work
raising its share of the Irish
monument fund, and is making
energetic efforts in order that
this State and the Pacific Coast
may be well represented in the
erection of the memorial to
Wolfe Tone and the United
Irishmen in Dublin. .
It is intended that this me
morial shall not be second to
any in Dublin. The site decided
upon is Stephen's Green, at the
top of Grafton street.
The 27th of August will be the
anniversary of the defeat of the
English at Castlehar. and it is
intended to celebrate on Sun
day, 2Sth of August, at Castle
bar, Ireland, the centenary of
that battle.
The executive committee of
the '9S centenary committee,
Dublin, also proposes to arrange
for celebrations commencing on
the 23d of May, on to Septem
ber. It also proposes to hold a
convention of branches on the
4th of March, the anniversary
of the birth of Robert Emmet.
surgents, under Rev. John Murphy,
were badly defeated at Ballycarrow.
These were the first serious checks re
ceived by the insurgents.
June 2 — Capture by the Irish forces
of Lord Klngsborough and several
British officers. Additional forces ar
rived from England, General Walpole
assuming command.
June 4 — Battle of Toberneering. The
Irish, armed chiefly with spikes, utterly
routed General Walpole and captured
his cannon. Pursuit of the British to
the town of Gorey. After an ineffect
ual attempt to capture the place by as
sault the insurgents laid siege to Wal
pole's fortifications.
June s—Battle5 — Battle of Ross. Three times
the Irish captured the town after great
loss. General Harvey showed incom
petence as a leader, and allowed drunk
enness and plundering. As a result,
the British returned with re-enforce
ments during the night and recaptured
the stronghold. The struggle for its
possession had lasted altogether thir
teen hours, and had been attendfi
with extraordinary bloodshed. General
Jones commanded the British.
June B—Formal8 — Formal deposition from the
insurgent leadership of Harvey, and
election of Rev. Philip Roche in his
stead. Harvey's weak command had,
however, done so much to demoralize
his men that Roche found almost in
surmountable difficulties in the way of
restoring order and discipline. Numer
ous skirmishes occurred, notably one at
Castlecomer, County Kilkenny, between
the rebels and a large force under Sir
Charles Asgil and the Earl of Ormonde.
The Irish defeated, and their leader,
Captain John Brennan, killed. The im
ported English miners in the Castle
comer collieries lent their aid against
the rebels.
June 9— Battle of Arklow, County
Wicklow. Several hours of severe fight
ing, resulting in a drawn battle, the
insurgents running short of ammuni
tion and retiring in good order. The
rebel leader, Rev. M. Murphy, killed by
a cannon ball. The Irish firmly in
trenched, repulsed a night attack with
heavy loss.
June 12— Defeat of the insurgents at
Barris, County Carlow. Skirmish of
Tinahely; the Irish victorious.
June 19— Second fight of Three Rocks
Mountain. The insurgent division of
Colonel Thomas Clooney, surrounded by
a far larger force of British regulars,
succeeded in cutting its way through
the redcoats; and when pursued, sud
denly faced about and routed the
enemy with considerable loss.
June 20 — Heavy defeat of the insur
gents after four and one-half hours of
severe fighting at Foulkes Mills. Ar
rival of second body of British rein
forcements from England and Wales.
June 22 — Battle of Vinegar Hill, Brit
ish fully armed and numbering 20,000
men, surrounded the Irish forces, which
consisted of only 2000 with firearms and
less than 10,000 with pikes and scythe
blades. CJeneral Lake commanded the
British: Rev. Philip Roche and Esmond
Kyan the Irish. The fight was long
and bloody, but such great superiority
in strength told in the end. The in
surgents were forced to abandon their
position and retreat. The defeat broke
the back of the rebellion. Commander
Roche and a number of others wera
slain.
June 23— A remnant of the insurgent
army crossed the river Barrow Into
Kilkenny County. Battle of Gores
bridge, in which the Irish under Rev.
John Murphy won a temporary victory.
The rising in the south closed with
the capture of Rev. John Murphy.
Beauchamp Bagenal Harvey and many
others of the insurgent chiefs. Most of
them, including the two mentioned,
were summarily executed.STRANGE EXPERIENCES LONE MAN DEFENDING CLIPPERTON ISLAND.
GUSSMANN THREW HIS PAPERS OVERBOARD, JUMPED AFTER THEM AND
SWAM FOR THE ISLAND.
ON a little coral reef far out in the
Pacific Ocean Is a man standing
up for the American flag and the
interests of his employers. He
Isn't fighting against numbers,
but he is battling against lonesome
ness, heat, privation and the thousand
NATIONAL AND PRIVATE CONTESTS
FOR CLIPPERTON ISLAND.
THE question of the national sovereignty to which Clipperton Island
belongs is now being considered by Judge Seawell. The man who
discovered the island, unless vague accounts of a seventeenth cen
tury discovery by a French navigator are allowed, will be in court
as the plaintiff in the case.
The suit is that of Permien against the Oceanic Phosphate Compa
ny. The plaintiff. Captain Permien, is a rugged seafaring man over 70
years of age, who has followed the sea for more than half a century, and
who for more than forty years has sailed as a master of a vessel.
While cruising in the Caleb Cushing early in the eighties in the re
gion of Clipperton Island he discovered it. His attention was first at
tracted to it by the immense number of birds which he saw flyingabout
it. lie made a landing, investigat2d its character and saw that it con
tained immense deposits of guano. He raised the American flag over it
and took possession of it in the name of the .United States of America.
When he returned to San Francisco he reported his discovery to the State
Department under the provisions of the Federal statutes and claimed
the right to the deposits of guano.
Later he transferred his claims to the Island and the deposits to a
corporation which was formed for that purpose, the Oceanic Phosphate
Company, one c-f the defendants in this suit.
The suit is against the company and the six directors, and is to se
cure a rescission of the contract by which the stock was transferred from
Permien, and to secure what It is claimed are Permien's property rights
in the island.
The vexed question of what country has the right to exercise sover
eignty over the island has been investigated. The Secretary of State
has been communicated with. But, contrary to what has been reported,
the Secretary does not say that it belongs to France, but simply that ac
cording to some gazetteers and similar publications, the island was first
discovered by a navigator sailing under the French flag. It is not known,
however, that France has ever laid claim to the island, or ever performed
any acta c-f sovereignty concerning it.
It was never charted until after Captain Permien's discovery, and
never fully charted until within the past year, when the United States
Hydrographic Office accepted the very careful and complete chart made
by Paul Henning, who spent several months on the island in the em
ploy of the Oceanic Phosphate Company.
INSECTS THAT ARE MUCH STRONGER THAN HEN IN PROPORTION TO THEIR SIZE
PKRHAPS you know how far a flea can jump and
how a man similarly equipped with muscular
strength could leap over houses or across wide
rivers, but very few people appreciate the sur
prising strength with which insects of certain
endowed: Pictures will convey the idea
much more vividly than descriptions. In the ac
companying illustrations the powers of three common
T a.'.d familiar Insects are shown. These pictures are
adapted from the Stran<i Magazine of London.
The b< i the earwig were made the subjects
of the scientist's tests.
The most convincing test to show a fly's strength
iwas made with a parlor match. Mr. Fly lifted easily a
•plinter of wood seven times longer than himself. Com
i and one ills that might befall a man
[ on a bird-inhabited sandspit In eemi-
I tropic seas.
It requires more pluck to face his sit
uation than it would to advance Into
battle. For he has soldiers to face, too.
He may be snapped up any time and
paratively speaking, the match v.otild represent to th*
average man a piece of timber about thirty-five feet long
and as thick as his body. That would be considered a
wonderful feat of strength. The fly did his feat, too, It
must be remembered, optionally, and could have re
leased his grasp of the match whenever he became tired
or obstinate, or when the strain on his wings became
painful. Naturally there can scarcely be an accurate
comparison between men and flies; but as far as possi
ble the scientist tried to substantiate his experiments by
very careful observations and computations. Indeed, in
the fly experiment two matches tied together were lifted,
but only a fair load was used for purposes of comparison.
Another exhibition of insect strength was made by
tying a piece of cotton to one of the fly's legs. This wa§
done without crippling Mr. Fly, as the thread was loose
ly tied, the bristles on the insect's leg preventing It from
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1898.
j taken in chains to a Mexican dungeon.
i And any one who has read about the
I way political prisoners are treated in
I tropical American countries knows
' what that means.
A Mexican man-of-war took the
i plucky fellow off the island the other
day, but he jumped overboard, swam
back, hoisted the American nag again
and to date has successfully main
tained his position on the island. Sev
eral nations claim the island. While
these big ones are battling over the
sovereignty of the place a number of
corporations and capitalists are disput
ing in the courts here the commercial
rights of it. For the island is rich in
gunno deposits.
Theodore Gussmann, the man who has
■ self marooned himself on Clipperton
i Island, is doing his level best to hold
it for the United States, and incident
ally for his employers, the Oceanic
Phosphate Company.
The other day a French man-of-war
touched at the island and brought
I away letters from Gussmann In which
I he detailed his novel situation. One of
them was to Captain Baettge, a friend
in this city. It was of a business na
ture and dealt with the best way to
i preserve certain rights in the island.
I Another letter was to a particular
J friend, in which the self-marooned man
j relates the awful lonesomeness of his
! position.
Some idea of this lonesomeness can
be obtained from the accompanying
pictures which are drawn from pho
tographs taken last year by Newland
i Baldwin of this city. It was then that
j Gussmann's story began.
At this time Gussmann was one of a
party sent to Clipperton Island by the
Oceanic Phosphate Company on the
steamer Navarro. The party remained
', on the island some weeks putting up
! buildings and collecting: guano and
then departed for San Francisco, leav
: ing Gussmann and two companions,
named Nelson and Smith, behind to
take care of the place. The title to
; the land and buildings was given into
! Gussmann's custody.
A few weeks after the departure of
1 the Navarro the Mexican cruiser Dem
! ocrata hove in sight and after great
! difficulty landed a party of marines,
! who pulled down the American flag
I flying at the time, hoisted the Mexican
! colors and took possession of the place.
Gussmann and his companions were
! invited on board the Mexican cruiser
; and told they must remain. Smith and
Nelson, yielding to the seductive in
fluences of certain beverages, readily
agreed to leave the island. In fact, it
is most likely they were tired of being
there. Gussmann, however, demanded
<to be put back on shore. This was re
■ fused, and he was ordered to give up
i the letter and other papers pertaining
to the ownership of the island.
Seeing that argument was useless
and that he would soon be seized by
the Mexicans, Gussmann Jumped over
board before anybody could reach him.
It was a most dangerous thing to do,
and the Mexican officers, thinking he
would surely drown, allowed him to
swim toward shore and he was soon
i lost to sight in the breakers.
But Gussmann did not drown. In-
I stead he made the swim of his life, bat
i tling for hours in the breakers and
! eventually landing on the beach in an
almost lifeless condition. He did not
attempt to stand up, for fear the Mext
! cans would see him through their
j glasses and send back for him. Instead
j he lay flat on the beach until darkness
came, when he mustered up strength
enough to crawl to his cabin. In the
morning the Mexican cruiser was gone
I and Gussmann was alone on the reef.
There is no more desolate spot on the
face of the waters than Clipperton
Island. Strictly speaking, it is a cir
cular coral reef, without any particular
outlet to the sea. There is, of course,
some seepage through the crevices of
the reef when the tide rises and falls,
but not enough to have any particular
effect on the waters in the lagoon
forming the center of the island. As a
i consequence they are dead and stag
i nant and half filled with guano. Dur
! ing the rainy part of the year, when
j the weather is stormy, the lagoon is
stirred up occasionally by the waves
These three men were left on Cllpperton Island by the Oceanic Phosphate Company. The captain of a
Mexican man-of-war tried to carry the trio away and lay claim to the island. Gussman jumped overboard and swam
ashore, hoisted the American flag and has remained in possession ever since.
The cocoanut palms are the only bits of vegetation on Clipperton Island. About half a dozen more were planted,
but they were devoured by the voracious crabs that overrun and destroy every green thing on the island; only Iron,
rocks and boards escape them. The pigs were saved from the wreck of the Kinkora.
[From a photograph taken especially for The Call.]
washing over the reef, but during the
dry season the water and guano simply
cook.
On one side of the reef there is a flat
sand pit a few feet above the ocean.
On the opposite there is a jagged rock
that rises probably 50 feet. The build
ings of the phosphate company are on
the sand spit, and it is here that Guss
mann makes his home.
On this desolate reef there are only
two green things visible. They are
palm trees that have been coaxed into
existence by guano collectors. To save
them it was necessary to plant them in
boxes with sides about 18 inches high.
slipping: off.
First the fly tried to raise himself by flapping his
wings, but failed. Gradually cutting off the cotton till he
could raise himself it was found that the string was
about twelve times as long as the fly's body. Now take
a sailor of average height and strength, give him a
cable sixty feet long and as thick as his leg at the
thickest part— could he lift such an immense coil, much
less soar through the air with it? Yet that proportion
ately is -what the fly did.
These experiments go to show power in moving areas;
other trials were made to show weight-lifting ability.
The match weighed four times as much as the Insect
did and the cotton half as much.
The earwig, one. of the beetle family, was chosen for
another series of tests. After harnessing the bug to a
piece of string a little dray was constructed of card
board, with the side folded down at right angles and two
CLIPPERTON ISLAND AS SEEN FROM THE ANCHORAGE OFF THE REEF.
Besides these two little palms there is
not even a spear of green on the island.
The enemy to vegetation on the reef
is the terrible voracious land crab. This
creature is very offensive in many
ways. It is little larger than the
crabs sold In the San Francisco mar
kets, but it has longer and stronger
claws and can travel over the land at
a lively rate. Nothing eatable escapes
its voracious maw if it once gets a
hold on It. It devours everything that
washes up on the reef except boards
and pebbles.
For companions Gussmann has the
myriads of sea birds that swarm over
the island and two pigs that were res
cued from the wrecked Kinkora.
In the letter to his friend Gussmann
makes an attempt to describe his feel
ings when he found himself alone on
the ree*. Nelson and Smith were land-
Smith, Nelson ar)d Gussroanrj.
Ed by the Mexican cruiser and event
ually made their way to America and
told their story to the world. But they
evidently thought Gussmann had been
drowned in attempting to swim ashore,
for they said nothing about him. He
was alone on the reef and remained so
until November 24 last, when a French
man-of-war touched at the island.
Gussmann now has a chance to leave,
and his three months of solitude had
taught him what he would have to pass
through in case he remained. But his
duty to his employers triumphed, and
he chose to stick to the island and
look after the property on the reef in
pieces of lead pencil, minus the leads, were pivoted by
means of wires. To this the bug was attached and the
tests of strength began. He dragged the cart easily af
ter a moment's curious investigation. Then matches
were piled upon it until there .were eight. Then the in
sect balked. These eight matches weighed twenty-four
times as much as the earwig and their combined length
was thirty-two times longer than his. For purposes of
comparison a horse may be utilized. It is more than
doubtful If an ordinary draft animal could carry as
much proportionally.
Then an English penny was dropped on the bug's
cart and he drew that, too. To figure how much this
meant, the experimenter ascertained that the penoy
weighed as much as eighty-three of the matches. As
a match was four times longer than an earwig it was
necessary for purposes o$ comparison with horse-power
to divide the timber into lengths equal to that of a horse,
preference to breaking his agreement
and going home. Instead he wrote a
letter asking to be released from his
contract and rescued. It is very like
ly that this will be done, as Captain
Baettge is making efforts to get a
schooner and go down after him.
In the meantime Gussmann is alone
on the reef, hoping and praying for re
lease. Some idea of what, he has to
pass through can je gained from the
letter to his friend. This is written in
German and is quite long. Whatever
it may be in the way of chirography,
it is certainly a most graphic descrip
tion of the lonesome days he passes
on the reef. Such ordeals have driven
many men insane, and it is hoped that
Gussmann will live until help comes.
"Days are all alike to me," he writes
in one place. "I don't know Sunday
from Monday, and sometimes think
it is all a dream that I will wake out
of very soon."
Gussmann then goes on to describe
the way he lives. He says that he
| wakes about daylight every morning
i and always thinks it is the morning
| before. The first thing he does is to go
I out and look for any signs of a sail
ior a column of smoke. He always
keeps a pile of dried wood handy so
that he can light it at a moment's no
tice for a signal. For days he meets
disappointment. Then he struggles
1 with himself. All about him the
breakers roar and the sea birds
scream. He walks about and wonders
supposedly proportionate In bulk and length. This cal
culation showed that the astounding number of 330 solid
pieces of timber, each as long and as thick as himself,
would "be required were the horse to attempt to duplicate
this feat.
As a last experiment the earwig, suspended, held In
two of his feet a strip of paper twenty times longer than
himself and fully as broad, weighing twelve times as
much. A picture of a dozen men upheld by one of their
fellows illustrates proportionately the strength employed
by the insect.
The rope necessary to bind together a dozen men
for such an experiment, were it possible of accomplish
ment, need not be counted, for the insect lifted heavier
pieces of paper than the one referred to in this experi
ment. Moreover, there was no compulsion in the matter,
the earwig voluntarily seizing the ribbon of paper and
holding it tenaciously.
what to do. Shall he build a raft and
attempt to get away? He starts to
do so and then changes his mind.
Many days Gussmann neglects to
eat, although there is a plentiful sup
ply of food and water on hand. He
simply passes his time watching 1 tha
horizon. Will the day ever end so
that to-morrow will bring the hope of
seeing a sail on the horizon? It is all
he lives for.
And so the days pass, each so mud*
like the preceding one that all become
intangibly woven together. It is tha
same surf beating on the same beach
and the same sea birds scream mo
notonously. The days go on and th«
sun rises and sets, but life is at tk
standstill.
And yet Gussmann bears this be*
cause he feels that it is his duty.
London Underground Railway.
In designing the new London under*
ground railroad, the engineers have hit
upon a new scheme v.-hich may be adopt
ed hereafter on surface roads. There are
no grades in the tunnel, but at various
points the roadbed itself has been In
clined, so that it can be used as a brake
or as a speed accelerator for trains. On
each side of each station is a 3 per cent
gradient, rising on the approaching side
and falling again to the level of the road
on the departing side. This unique method
gives a retarding effect to all trains ap
proaching the stations equivalent to the
application of considerable additional
braking power, while materially aiding
in the acceleration of all trains as they
leave the platform. Furthermore, the
saving in power necessary to secure the
requisite rapid acceleration is by the
adoption of this plan calculated to
amount to about 33 per cent. This Is a
point in modern railway practice which
might well be adopted by surface roads.
The new London underground follows
the line of greatest traffic: in the city. It
runs from Liverpool street due west, un- ■
der Holborn, High Holborn, Oxford
street and past Hyde Park as far as
Shepherds Bush.
The road will receive passengers from
the great underground central depot, now
in course of construction by the Central
London Railway Company, between the
Bank of England and the Royal Ex
change, brought In by the main lines of
the London and Northwestern, Midland
and 'London and Southwestern railroads.
It is especially at this point in the city
that crossing streets is a perilous task,
and the railroad company is now engaged
in constructing a series of subways im
mediately below the surface for the con
venience cf pedestrians and as approaches
to its own station below. From this cen
tra! depot will radiate not less than five
underground tunnels, some eighty-five
feet below the surface, each feeding a
separate and equally populous district of
the great agglomeration known as Lon
don.
Thje Movements of Tall Towers.
It is announced that the Eiffel tower
has been vibrating to such an extent that
many of the excitable Parisian public
have become alarmed lest it come about
their ears. Colonel Bassot has found that
the expansion and contraction of the iron
in the tower causes it to describe a tor
sion movement between sunrise and sun
set, which traverses a curve of four
inches. A backward movement equally as
great occurs during the night. But in
spite of this movement, the tower could
not fall. It is quite as rigid as though
constructed of a solid piece of steel, and,
if anything, more so. Our own Wash
ington monument moves backward and
forward several inches every day, yet
nothing short of a convulsion of nature
could displace it. The tall tower on the
Philadelphia City hall is also noted for its
capacity to lean to one side. The great
dome on the Capitol building in Washing
ton, D. C, moves quite a distance every
day, and in this connection a curious ex
periment was tried to show how far out of
plumb it usually goes. A thin wire was
hung from the inner topmost point of the
dome. On the lower end of the wire was
a plumb bob, in the lower point of which
was inserted a lead pencil. It Just touched
the floor of the rotunda, on which a large
sheet of white paper was laid. As the
dome moved it dragged the pencil with it,
and, consequently, left the tracing of its
course on the paper. An oval fully a foot
in length was marked out every day.
showing that the apex of the dome of the
Capitol moves that much In twenty-four
hours.
2122
THE WORLD OF BOOKS.
A BASQUE IDYL.
RAMT'XTCHO- By Pierre Lot!. . New
York: R. F. Fenno & Co. Ban Fran
cisco: For sale at .the Emporium.
Dreamy poetry, exquisitely expressed
sympathy with nature, more especially
In her melancholy moods, an intuitive
ptlon of the heart's most elusive
sentiments, these are the special charac
teristics which Pierre Loti's name evokes,
and they are to be found in marked de
gree in his pathetic relation of a Basque
peasant's love. The story is of the
slightest, and as Is common with this
author, of the saddest. Ramuntcho, the
hero, inherits from his Basque mother
the splendid physique, the muscular
energy, the nomadic instincts, the poetic
; melancholy of a Ions; line of in
dependent ancestors devoted to smug
gling, to their time-honored games of the
tialid and the "rebot"; devoted also to
their picturesque land with its southern
luxuriance in the shadow of forbidding
mountains; yet with the restless blood of
the wanderer in their veins. From his
nameless, aristocratic father he inherits
the refinement, the vague longings, the
cynical weariness of life, characterizing
the blase French fashionable of these lat
ter days.
This father, in a moment of romantic
caprice, captivated a passionate Basque
girl, who willingly followed him to a
life of hidden love in the city, and baby
Ramuntcho was born in the purple.
"When his mother saw that her rich
lover's love was waning she did not await
desertion; proud, stern, self-reliant, she
returned with her babe to her native vil
lage, bought back her dead parents' little
farmhouse and there, hard-working, lone
ly, silent, brought up her son with a
stately dignity that at last found favor
with her simple, proud country folk and
won back her position.
But Ramuntcho was none the less a
boy, bearing his mother's, not his fath
er's, name; a lad distinguished as one of
the bravest smugglers and best, pelota
players on the countryside, but a bad
parti for a girl with a family name and
a dowry. And so the loves of the nero
and of Gradeuse, the golden-haired,
dreamy Basque beauty, are hopelessly
crossed. True that the twain have af
fianced themselves almost from infancy,
according to the Basque custom; true
that Arrochkoa, Gracieuse's rich young
brother, favors the match: her mother,
Dolores, is bitter in opposition, and while
Ramuntcho is serving his three years as
a French soldier, lovely Gracieuse, always
mystically inclined, is spirited away to
a convent for life. The most touching
scene, powerful in its pathos, is the last,
when Ramuntcho and Arrochkoa visit
the sequestered convent intending to kid
nap the young nun; impressed by the
spirit of still resignation, the traditions
of holiness and self-sacrifice, the atmos
phere of transcendental purity that en
velops them, their hearts quail at the
thought of sacrilege, and the hero, moth
erless and wifeless, is left to wander away
alone to American shores.
A sorrowful idyl, hut an idyl in every
sense of the word. Pierre Lot! has never
been happier than in his descriptions of
the Basque scenery, the Basque charac
ter, the Basque daily life. Smuggling
becomes less a matter of adventure than
of poetry as we creep with the smugglers
CONDUCTORS AS
MODERN BAYARDS.
WE are living in an age of discovery,
and the most recent memorable
exploit of our explorers has been
the bringing to light of the Boston
street-car conductor. Those of us who
remember this worthy of old may not
have known him as a rara avis, but
quite a remarkable number of news
paper articles have recently appeared
about him, and the stret-car conductor
of Boston has been drawn from com
parative obscurity and set upon the
pedestal which his worth would seem
to merit.
He is the idol of the hour. One en
thusiast, writing recently in an East
ern journal, declared that not her cult
ure, but her street-car conductors con
stitute Boston's chief glory, while seve
ral of the New York papers and one
Chicago journal have held the uni
formed factotum up for local admira
tion. Even The Outlook has a good
word for him, and a corresponding
note of disapprobation for his unworthy
compeers in less fortunate cities. To a
man or to a woman — for I suspect
most of these writers are of the petti
coated sex, these personally conducted
ones from Boston hold up the conduc
tors as a model for emulation in the
"Far West." We are told that the
Athenian conductors speak in low, re
fined accents, unlike the rude bawl of
the Westerner. According to authority
they open and shut the umbrellas of
lady passengers, help the children on
and off the platforms, and do not poke
passengers in the back to urge upon
them the impossible duty of "stepping
up forward" in a crowded car. They
answer all questions, and never grow
weary in well doing.
The list of their virtues prolongs it
self beyond space here to recount it.
The difference between them and our
Western men is insisted upon, relent
lessly, and to read these curious ar
at dead of right, through spectral woods,
over mysterious mountains, or along si
lent river; the playing of the pelota, the
dancing of the fandango, the gatherings
In church, are described for us with all
the loving fidelity of a native poet, the
visions of Basque scenery make one un
derstand the Basque nostalgia. And the
exquisitely delicate love-making of the
two children— the hero is only 15 when tho
romance opens — is redolent of purity. Se
lection becomes well nigh impossible, but
here is a scenic description taken at ran
dom:
"The land of thick branches which they
traverse, under the oppression of very
high mountains, which they do not see,
Is all in ravines, profound and torn up,
in precipices, where torrents roar under
the green night of the foliage. The oaks,
the beeches, the chestnut trees become
more and more enormous, living through
centuries off a sap ever fresh and mag
nificent. A powerful verdure is strewn
ever that disturbed geology; for ages it
covers and classifies it under the fresh
ness of its immovable mantle. And the
nebulous sky, almost obscure, which is
familiar to the Basque country, adds to
the impression which they have of a sort
of universal, meditation wherein the
tilings are plunged; a strange penumbra
descends from everywhere, descends from
trees at first, descends from the thick,
pray veils above the branches, descends
from the great Pyrenees hidden behind
the clouds."
As will be seen, Pierre T,oti's charm
owea little to his translator. M. Henri
Pene dv Bois has undertaken a task for
which his command of English does n>->t
qualify him. Translation, more especial
ly in the case of a singularly idiomatic
writer, does not merely mean an exact
rendering of expressions in another
tongue, and it often requires all the au
thor's innate eloquence to make us for
get the crudities of his translator.
LOVE LORD OF ALL.
AND FRIENDS-By
Maxwell Grey. New York: D. Apple
ton & Co. Fore sale at Doxey's.
This is not the dramatic, psychological
sort of work we look for from the author
of "The Silence of Dean Maitland." In
"Sweethearts and Friends" Maxwell Grey
gives us a sketchy story illustrating the
hopes, fears and trials of the latter
day young -woman whose ambitions are
not limited to social gayeties and matri
monial success. The heroine is a very
charming girl who, in defiance of family
prejudice, cuts out a medical career for
herself, closing the door of her heart
against little Love in the belief that his
advent would imperil her mental salva
tion. But Love wins the day, as he has
done from time immemorial, and sweet
Dr. Amy marries the "friend" who has al
ways been her sweetheart, albeit he went
astray for a time under tutelage of a flip
pant fairy whose shallowness seemed to
him more womanly than Amy's independ
ence. This gentleman, alternately dubbed
The Immaculate and Bayard, is a preux
chevalier rather out of joint with modern
prose, yet he learns to bt?nd to circum
stances and accepts meekly his wife's de
votion to her profession. The love of
these twain is literally tried by fire 'and
the scene in which Bayard rescues a child
and Dr. Amy rescues Bayard savors a
little too much of the melodramatic to be
tides is enough to make every woman
in the unfavored West wish that she
might go to Boston and place herself
under the protection of Boston's newly
discovered "glory."
Something of this sort I was think
ing the other day as I got aboard an
electric car at the outskirts of the city
1 h;ld ' traveled some distance before
takirg the, car, and my coat was cov
ered with an all-too-palpable powdter
,1 was dabbing ineffectively at my
sleeves, handkerchief in hand, when the
conductor, just a mere Western con
ductor, approached with a little brush.
"Let me brush you," he said, simply,
and leading me to the door he very
deftly and gently removed every par
ticle of dust from my back and shoul
ders. Then, having other duties, he
handed me the brush and I finished the
process in comfc-rt. -
It is a peculiarity of the human
brain that dispraise makes a greater
impression upon It than does praise.
In one of his recent pleasant "Talks
(>:i Writing English" Arlo Bates told
an amusing instance of this. He said
t<> his audience: "If I were to say to
you that 'The Heavenly Twins' is mor
bid and unhealthy rubbish; that
'Trilby' is a pleasant transient ex
citement; but that 'The Return of the
Native' seems to me the most notable
English novel since Thackeray, you
would have no difficulty in remember
ing that I condemned 'The Heavenly
Twins.' You would have a fairly clear
idea that I had been less enthusiastic
than the general public about 'Trilby,'
and you would perhaps vaguely recall
that there was something else — really
it is astonishing how quickly a name
slips from the memory— which i
praised."
As the audience left the hall one lady
said to another, a stranger, "I beg
jrotur pardon, but could you tell me the
name of the third book that was given,
the one the lecturer said we should for
get?"
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1898.
taken quite seriously. The real charm
of this little book lies in its descriptive
passages; plot Is thin and characters are
somewhat shadowy, but there is page
upon page In which the reader breathes
the atmosphere of the Riviera, dreams
amid the luscious Southern sights and
sounds or revels in the more bracing glo
ries of "Westmoreland; among the happiest
passages are those describing the two girl
students stealing 1 the hours wherein to
con Greek "associated ever after with
delicate beryl-green of afterglow, dark
mountains, and glory of the crimson and
purple zenith, with the blackbird's last
notes."
THE AMERICAN COOK
TTVEIA T E LESSONS IN SCIENTIFIC
COOKERY— By Miss Susy Tracy. San
Francisco: H. S. Crocker Company.
Miss Tracy probably knows why she
prefaced her lessons with the adjective
"scientific." As a matter of fact, they
are addressed to students who have not
yet mastered the A B C of the culinary
art, and their merit lies in their direct
simplicity. The veriest tyro could hardly
spoil a meal when following Miss Tracy's
directions, but the more ambitious cor
don bleu must go further afield for in
struction. Had Miss Tracy professed to
teach only American home cooking, she
would have saved her artistic reputation;
as it is, certain of her recipes irresistibly
recall poor Dv Maurier's definition of
roast chicken, "such a different thing
from poulet roti." In like manner is our
authoress's bouillon a different thing
from the French article, being nothing
else but ordinary English beef-tea. Her
directions to steep "French frifcd pota
toes" fn cold water would make the hair
of the humblest French cook stand
straight on end, while her views on the
subject of boiled fish are an insult to
piscine aristocracy; no self-respecting fish
condescends to boil tastefully in plain,
unadulterated water. In the matter of
broiling, too, Miss Tracy might study
with advantage the preliminary use of
marinades or sauces. But to the unso
phisticated American family cook her
handbook will probably prove helpful.
MOLLIE MAGUIRES.
THE BODYMASTER'S DAUGHTER— By
Alic Lee Moquo. Xpw York: Q. W.
Dlllingham Company. San Francisco,
for sale at the Emporium.
A blood-and-thunder novel this, in the
good old blood-curdling style; a lale of
cruelty, murder and sudden death to sat
isfy the most insatiable reader of the
sensational. Mrs. Moque takes us to
Pennsylvania, under the reign of terror
of the "Mollie .Maguires," and gives us
GROUP OF FIGURES ON A MONUMENT LATELY ERECTED TO DUMAS IN PARIS.
And so, amid all this queer pean to |
the Boston street-car conductor, the j
accented note, after all, is not so much >,
the praise of him as the corresponding !
i disparagement o-f his Western brother. |
I am glad some conductors, somewhere,
; are getting a little praise, for their po- j
, aition is at best a thankless sort of ;
; one, and I confess that for my own |
I part I have been prone to forget the j
| favors I received at their hands and
I to cherish the memory of the times I j
i have been carried beyond my corner;
| the occasions when I have been
: frowned upon for forgetting to ask
I for a transfer, the days when cars have |
j passed me by, while the conductor
\ whistled and regarded Vacancy, on the
j platform.
Some time ago I had occasion to go
to a part of the city with which I was
; quite unfamiliar. Seeing, a block or |
more away, a large building in course
'of construction, I asked a conductor
; what it was to be. He told me, and
when, a few seconds later we passed
another half-completed structure, he
i volunteered the information that it was
a new orphanage, and during the rest
of the trip he called my attenetion to
several features of the district that
were unknown to me. All this with no
an exceedingly vivid insight into the
Joys that befell survivors who intruded
upon regions where there was opposition
to surveying in general and railroading
in particular. The story is not a pleas
ant one: the scenes— more especially the
domestic scenes— in the saloon of Potts
town which was the Magulre rendez
vous, are repulsive in the extreme, yet
their air of reality suggests that the au
thoress has based her little romance on
hard historical facts. A v-Jn of poetry
is supplied by the loves or Toola. the
rustic beauty, whose only dissipation is
an occasional wagon trip to Pottstown.
and Jennie, the refined stepdaughter of
the "Bodymaster," or chief of the infa
mous Maguire brotherhood; and the life
like personality of Danny, the Bodymas
ter'9 crippled, warm-hearted, viciously
inclined son, gives opportunity for some
very pertinent theories on heredity. Mrs.
Moque is not yet a mistress of style, but
her conceptions of character are powerful
and with her capacity for stirring plot
we may look for some fine work from her
pen in the future.
THE CENTURY.
H. PhelDs Whitmarsh writes in the
Century for February of "The Steerage
of To-Day," his article being illustrated
by Andre Castaigne. Mr. Whitmarsh
draws this picture of one of his compan
ions in the voyage that he made:
Kneeling in an upper bunk near mo, a
middle-aged Irishman was hanging a pot
containing a shamrock plant. I entered
into conversation with him, and learned
that he was going to join his son in Cali
fornia, to whom he was taking the sham
rock as a present.
"I hope it will live," he said, looking
wistfully at the pot as it swung from the
beam. " 'Twas the wan thing the bhoy
wanted. 'IVave iv'ryting," says he in his
letther, 'an' come over. I have enough
for the both of us now,' says he; 'an' I
can make you comfortable for the rest ay
your days. But,' says he, 'fetch me a
livln' root ay shamrock if ye can." "
All Sunday we were in smooth, water,
running under the lee of the Irish coast.
The day being fine and warm, the steer
age swarmed on deck in full force. Men,
women and children all crowded about
the after hatch, some playing cards, some
dancing and some already making love;
but for the most part they lay about the
deck, sleeping and basking in the sun.
In the afternoon my friend the Irishman
appeared with his shamrock. He wanted
to give it a "taste" of fresh air, he said.
At sight of it many of the Irish girls
shed tears; then, seating themselvesabout
tho old man, they sang plaintive Irish
melodies until the sun went down. The
sad faces of the homesick girls and the
old father sitting among them holding in
his lap the precious little bit of green
presented a Eight not easily to be for
gotten.
REVIEW OF REVIEWS.
In the series of articles dealing with the
Immediate problems which concern the
great powers of the world, now appearing
in the American Monthly Review of He
views, Mr. W. T. Stead writes for the
February number a paper on "British
Problems and Politics for 1898." This is a
candid piece of criticism, all the more in
teresting to the non-Kngllsh reader be
cause ©f Its strictly British point of view.
PALL MALL MAGAZINE
The Pall Mall Magazine for February
will be especially rich in fiction. Besides
Anthony Hope's sequel to the "Prisoner
of Zenda" ("Rupert of Hentzau"), there
will be the conclusion of "X. L.'s" thrill
ing story. "The Bird at the Neck." a
short story of to-day, by Mrs. Mary
Stuart Boyd, emitled, "Wanted, a Work
ing Housekeeper": "An Incident of the
Boom," a narrative of the stock ex
change; and the "Kaffir Circus," by Jes
familiarity, but with a perfectly frank
and friendly wish that I might see all
that was to be seen of a very interest
ing part of the city.
It was a gripman on this same line
Who, during the Christian Endeavor
Convention here, confided to a friend of
mine his anxiety lest the Endeavorers
should catch cold during their stay
here. They ain't warmly enough clad
for this climate,'" he said. "I've been
advising 'em to get warmer under
wear."
On one of the park lines, recently, I
noticed a child of perhaps 2 years, In
charge, apparently, of her father. The
little one wore a baby-tormentor, in
the shape of a bonnet •with a mon
strous frill that fell down over her face,
completely hiding her eyes and render
ing her vision an impossibility. She
kept throwing her head back and peer
ing from under her shelter tent in the
endeavor to see something of
her surroundings. The conductor was
rather surly looking. I heard
him speak with quick decision to
a passenger who persisted in stand
ing, without holding on by a strap
while the car rounded a curve, and the
two had a little dispute, the passenger
sie Mansergh; and the "Last Experience
of Adam Skirving," by Mary W. L. Fal
coner. All these stories are well illus
trated.
CURRENT LITERATURE
A portrait of John Vance Cheney, re
produced from a drawing specially made
for the purpose, forms the frontispiece of
the February number of Current Litera
ture. This is by way of illustrating the
article on Mr. Cheney and his work,
which is provided by F. M. Hopkins as
his monthly contribution to the "Ameri
can Poets of To-day" series, so long an
interesting feature of this magazine.
Among other good things in this number
are an article on the late Alphonse Dau
det. an account of his life and work, as
well as a reproduction of his exquisite
littlesketch,"The Deathof the Dauphin";
spirited readings from Sienkiewicz's
laest novel, "Hania," and from Mrs.
Frances Hodgson Burnett's "His Grace
of Osmonde"; a compilation of clever
thrusts at the sterner sex entitled "Men
in Epigram"; and another, a verse com
pilation, "What the Old-time Poets Say
of Death." The editorials are keen and
clever.
THE ATLANTIC.
An article in the February Atlantic
which will attract wide attention to an
evil hitherto largely unknown and unsus
pected is that upon the relations of the
labor unions to the negro, contributed by
John Stephens Durham, late United
States Minister to Hayti. Mr. Durham
shows the grave injustice and injury done
to the whole colored race by the system of
exclusion practiced by the labor* organi
zations of the country. He does not con
sider that this was originally a conscious
crusade against color, but that it is part
of the general system of exclusion, like
the discrimination against women and the
limitation of apprenticeships. But in ef
fect, the color limit is drawn by them so
absolutely and so strictly that no man
suspected of the slightest tinge of color
Is permitted to join a trade union or to
work in company with a union man
throughout the United States. The result
of this sweeping exclusion is to shut out
the colored man, no matter how capable
or well trained, from all skilled employ
ment whatsoever, and to degrade him to
depend upon unskilled labor or menial
service entirely for his support.
THE ARENA.
J. M. Foster, a new contributor to the
Arena, presents an article on "Secret
Societies and the State," which will com
mand general attention and perhaps pro
voke controversy. A most valuable num
ber is the article by Mrs. J. B. Montgom
ery-McGovern on "An Important Phase of
Gutter Journalism— Faking." The evil dis
cussed by the author is so crying and uni
versal that her protest will call forth a
hearty response.
LADIES' HOME JOURNAL
A writer in the February Ladies' Home
Journal tells and pictures how to over
come the difficulties of securing good
photographs of young children. He has
evidently given much study to the matter,
and seeks to instruct the parents rather
than the photographic artist. The key
note of his teaching is to avoid putting the
children in strained, unnatural positions,
but to let them assume natural poses.
The best way to dress the children and to
fix their hair Is also told, making the
article exceedingly valuable.
FRANK LESLIE'S.
The gold regions of the Klondike are
described and pictured elaborately in
Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly for Feb
ruary. The article is written by Henry
Clay Colver of Seattle, who giv^s an in
teresting account of the first discoveries
and of the recent expeditions, and >.ells
insisting upon his right to do as he
pleased. The Conductor had not looked
amiable, but presently he came into the
car, bent over the baby and very gont
ly folded back the big ruffle, smoothing
it down so as to give the child unhin
dered vision. 'There," he said to the
father, "now she can see out." The lat
ter was not offended. He smiled, and
when the frill fell down some time
after he turned It back again. But I
do not believe that even a Boston con
ductor ever showed a manlier bit of
consideration for the comfort of a little
child.
I do not think that it could be suc
cessfully maintained that her street
car conductors are San Francisoco's
chief glory. The city has one or two
other features to which her people may
point with pride, but for just mere
men, the majority of whom do not
"speak with a cultured, accent." most
of our knights of the bell-punch do
very well indeed. Now and then one
encounters an unamiable one among
them, but as a rule they are honest,
kindly men, who make up in patience
and willingness to serve what they
lack In culture and opportunity.
ADELINE KNAPP.
THE BEDS OF FLEUR-DE-LYS.
PRESIDIO, SAN FRANCISCO.
HIGH - LYING sea-blown stretches of green turl
Wind - bitten close, salt-colored by the sea,
Low curve on curve spread far to the cool sky,
And, curving over them as long as they lie,
Beds of wild fleur-de-lys.
Wide - flowing, self-sown, stealing near and far,
Breaking the green like islands in the sea,
Great stretches at your feet, and spots that bend
Dwindling over the horizon's end —
Wild beds of fleur-de-lys.
rhe light, keen wind streams on across the lifts,
Thin wind of Western springtime by the sea;
rhe warm earth smiles unmoved, but over her
[s the far-flying rustle and sweet stir
In beds of fleur-de-lys.
And here and there across the smooth low grass
Tall maidens wander, thinking of the sea;
\nd bend and bend, with light robes blown aside.
For the blue lily-flowers that bloom so wide —
The beds of fleur-de-lys.
—Charlotte Perkins Stetson.
in a practical way Just what Is necessary
to fit a man out for a year. The illus-
trations are numerous and excellent. Fol
lowing this article is a paper on Alaska
by R. H. Herron, which contains a de
scription of our far-away territory, in
whicn the magical Klondike is situated.
Tnis also is richly illustrated. A 16x22-
Inch map of Alaska accompanies these
articles.
McCLURE'S.
Dr. Nansen contributes an article to the
February number of McClure's Magazine
giving his ideas and hopes for the future
of North Polar exploration. As no other
man has yet got so near the pole, by 195
miles, as Dr. Nansen himself, with his
companion, Johansen, everybody will be
eager to read wnat he has to say on this
subject. The article is fully illustrated
with photographs and drawings from life
(most of them hitherto unpublished), by
Nansen, Greely, Peary, the Arctic art
ists, William Bramord and Albert Operti,
and others.
LIPPINCOTT'S. •
The complete novel In the February
issue of Llpplncott's Is "A Trooper Gala
had," by Captain Charles King. It con
tains some close and vivid sketches of
character and life at an army post in the
Southwest. The warlike excitement is
furnished by a prolonged pursuit of a
dangerous band of outlaws.
LITERARY NOTES.
TVe have received from R. H. Russell,
publisher. New York, copy of a volume
of cartoons by Homer C. Davenport just
issued by him. The book is artistically
printed and bound and contains an in
troduction written by John J. Ingalls. It
is sold in two editions — the popular, price
$1 75, and the library, price $2 25.
Mark Twain's "More Tramps Abroad"
("Following the Equator") has already
sold over 10,000 copies in England. Mr.
Clemens has just sent to London for a
quantity of the "copy" paper which he
is in the habit of using. It is quarto size
and rather thin. Like most authors in
these days he has his manuscript type
written before sending It to the printer.
Perhaps he appreciates the value of his
autograph to the collector and wants to
keep it for his heirs.
An English trade Journal says: "The
Klondike Morning Times is, we should
say, the dearest paper in the world. The
price per copy Is £1 10s. Here are a few
selections from its advertisements:
'California ham at Soapine Sam's, only
lOd an ounce"; 'Cariboo steak with onlona
at the Greyhound Restaurant, 12s';
CALIFORNIA AND
MANIFEST DESTINY.
AN early decree of "Manifest Des
tiny" was that the great West
should some time become a part
of the empire of the United States.
With American history there be
gan a mighty expansion of the Anglo-
Saxon race, which was destined to con
tinue till the farthermost Occident
should be reached.
Benjamin Franklin In 1754 prophesied
that in less than a century the vast
trans-Alleghany country must become
"a populous and powerful dominion."
Washington caught a true vision of the
West, and his sagacity and knowledge
of remote regions served him well in
public and private life. Wolfe's vic
tory at Quebec was a door opening to
the Anglo-Saxons an infinitely vast re
gion.
Napoleon "lightly offered the province
which had come to him so cheaply,"
and all Louisiana was acquired. By tne
treaty of 1819 Florida was ceded to the
United States. Notwithstanding Span
ish possessions and the claims or covet
ous desires of England, France and
Russia, "Manifest Destiny" had decreed
that the great California territory
should belong to the United States.
We are indebted to the question of
slavery extension for the accession of
California; slavery extension owes its
downfall to the admission of California.
It has become an admitted principle
in American politics that free States
could come into the Union only when
accompanied by slave States. After
the admission of Texas, when there
were fifteen slave and fifteen free
States, a vital question was that of
the disposition of California. "Mani
fest Destiny" answered the question
and forever turned the tide against
human slavery. Neither the climate,
nor the soil, nor the production of any
portion of California was adapted to
'shave. 6s: ciose shave, 7s fid; hair cut,
13s; hair cut, London style. 16s'; 'Four
men wanted at La Due's sawmills. Noth
ing to do but work. Pay £3 a day and
three drinks.' 'Mule cutlet, 4s 2d'; 'dog,
tenderloin, 10s 3d.' The Times has a
poetical department, humorous Illustra
tions and a thrilling account of an as
sassination In a saloon over cheating at
cards."
More than six months ago David
Christie Murray went out Into tho desert
places of North Wales to devote him
self to a work of fiction, animated by a
serious purpose, which has long lain at
the back of his mind. This book is to be
called 'Despair's Last Journey," and will
represent the writer's own view of the
facts of life; it will probably ba finished
In time for publication in the spring.
Mr. Murray has also recently seen
througrh the press a volume of tales and
poems shortly to be Issued by Messrs.
Uhatto & Windus of London. This will
be the first collection of Mr. Murray's
verse which has appeared.
"Book News," which publishes in each
issue an expression of opinion from lead
ing authors in regard to their own per
sonal view of their work, gives in its Feb- i
ruary number the following remarkable \
utterance by Sarah Grand in regard to
her purpose in writing "The Beth Book,"
in which, as will be seen, she touches up
on the errors of the critics:
"In influencing their daughter's choice
of a husband parents are apt to consider
a man's means, manners and position
rather than his principles or ideals. If ha
prove to be a good fellow in society they
are content to inquire no further. Many
men of excellent manners in public are
men of most corrupt mind, whose con
versation In private is a continual source
of suffering to their wives. I wrote 'Tha
Beth Book' to show what a retined wo
man must suffer when forced to associate
with such a man, the inevitable blight,
the certain deterioration that settles
upon her even when she has the force of
character to escape absolute corruption.
The critics have almost all missed this,
the one purpose of the book, and pounced
upon something quite incidental, and
merely introduced by way of illustration,
and as the vivisective incident, to which
they attribute an exaggerated impor
tance. The subjects discussed came in
evitably into the life of an intelligent wo
man situated as Beth was at the time of
which I was writing; she could not have
avoided them, and, therefore, no picture
of her would be faithful that ignored
them; but it is in the conditions of her
life, not In her Intellectual pursuits or
opinions, that the real significance of her
story is to be found."
slave labor, and slavery had not ex
isted in Mexico since 1829.
Although there were early indica
tions of gold, a favoring Providence
concealed the illimitable stores of
wealth until after the American con
quest and after hope of slavery exten
sion had faded. The fortunate acci
dent of Marshall gave to America the
gc-lden wealth of California. And now
for fifty years California has been a
most influential factor in the world's
development. In the dark hours of
civil strife it was our gold that sup
plied an indispensable element of
strength and steadiness to our Federal
finance.
The "Manifest Destiny" of California,
so far as it relates to past days, is not
merely a trumped-up expression of to
day for retrospective use. Numerous
prophetic utterances of the pioneer
press and observant travelers afford an
instructive commentary on subsequent
history. Read in the Californian and
the Star, beginning with 1846, and in
contemporaneous speeches such expres
sions as these: "The destiny of Cali
fornia is fixed — she is to become a free
and independent State. She is to mako
her own laws, manage her own re
sources, and found those institutions
in which her children are to find a hap
py home." "This (English) is to be the
language of California. The vast tide
of immigration from the United States
will inevitably make it so. It becomes,
therefore, every parent to have his
children taught this language." "Who
can now doubt the importance to which
California is destined?" "Our com
mercial capital, San Francisco, is des
tined to be the center of the exchange^
of the world, and is destined to suppi^
the world with a large share of its cur
rency."
"Manifest Destiny" is calling to-day
for native sons and native daughters of
moral fiber and excellent virtues.
ROCKWELL D. HUNT."HARD LUCK" STORIES OF OUR BEST-KNOWN ARTISTS.
"IT WAS HARD LUCK/ SAID JOULLIN, "BUT I WAS THANKFUL FOR
THE HORSE STEAK AND THE KEROSENE LAMP, EVEN IF THE PRO
DUCT WAS SMOKED BEEF."
Trials teach us what we are —
Thfy dig up the soil and let us see
What we are made of.
_ _ > HEN the Bohemian Club gave
M its art exhibition, which di-
I I verted the trend of fashlona-
ble taste for foreign work in
to an appreciation of our art-
ists at home, the public saw
only the achievements, not the growth,
of the painters. Some of them have
climbed up to their present eminence
over difficulties so depressing as
would have caused less zealous hearts
to weaken. Some have suffered years
and others for a day the throes of
agony that mark an evolution, but all
have felt the keynote of despair, of fail
ure, which after all may form the basis
of success.
Here are some nf thf "hard luck"
Btories of our leading artists:
"At one time, I was fairly successful
"IT WAS THE SAME JflG," SfilD
CHARLIE ROBINSON.
as a designer for the lithographic
trade," said H. J. Breuer, "but when I
had saved a few hundred dollars I
would retire with It, study and paint
! landscapes, and end by pawning the
frames, before going back to toil. In
ISBS I rented a studio on the corner of
Fourteenth street and Broadway, New
York. I had gone through the usual
phases; my best clothes in hock; my
watch 'spouted' at the Bowery and the
ticket held by the proprietor of a cheap
restaurant as security for a seven-meal
: coupon ticket. I tried for work, but
luck was against me. I had got down
to toasting a little bacon over the gas
jet and a five cent loaf. It was winter,
dull, shivering and silent, save the oc
casional visit of a friend, from whom
I always tried to hide; but, if he suc
ceeded in getting in on me unawares
I entertained him with cheerful lies
until he had gone and thon kicked my
self for a fool because 1 did not ask
him for a dollar.
"Well, at about that time my finances
were at their lowest ebb. I heard the
landlord at the door, blustering, swear
ing and saying, 'What do you mean?
Two months due to-morrow.' With an
emphatic shove at my shoulder I gave
that landlord one biff, so. He grabbed
me and as I had had no breakfast that
day I fell down and he sat on me like
anundlgested doughnut.
"When I got up I had only two but
tons left that would hold. I was busy
painting my eye back to Its normal
color when I heard another knock at
: the door. I grabbed the poker this
time; the door opened and a gentleman
whom I had known in better days en
tered the room. I raked at the stove
and closed the damper, knowing that
the stove was cold.
" 'Hello, Brewer,' said the new
comer. 'Are you very busy?' 'Very!'
said I. 'Sorry,' he said. "I want you to
get me up a design for the Real Estate
Exchange downtown. It's a competl-
"THE MONOTONY OF DIET AFTER A WHILE BECOMES
ALMOST AS PAINFUL AS OCTUOL HUNGER," SAID JOE
STRONG.
tion and I will give you $100 for your
design.' .„„.
" 'Well,' said I, 'pony down your $100
and I will see what I can do for you,'
and will you believe it, he did. I paid
the landlord, but I haven't licked him
yet.
"But what Is life without sweet
hope?"
"I cannot say that I have had such
a very hard time during my artistic
career," said L. P. Latimer, "for I have
been rather fortunate. There have been
times when it has been hard to make
both ends meet, but I have always
managed at the last moment to sell a
picture. The greatest trial I ever had
was when my health failed and I had
to go into the country, with strict or
ders from my physician not to touch my
brush for three years. The anxiety
was something terrible; I felt like a
caged bird, and that was the greatest
struggle that I ever endured for art's
sake."
"It is amazing," said J. TV. Clawson,
"how much real wretchedness can be
transformed just by an unexpected
order for a picture. I had a studio in
New York at the time of our greatest
skirmish for food, and my wife and I
were feeling the lack of rations and
rent, while the day for our monthly re
mittance had not yet arrived. We were
rather blue, and the playful chatter of
our two-year-old babe reminded us of
our responsibilities. Just then Mr. Sar
toris, General Grant's son-in-law, called
and said: 'Clawson, old boy, I am going
to sail for England to-morrow and
would like to take a pastel portrait of
a friend to my father. Can you do it
by noon to-morrow?'
"Though a big effort, I announced
with celerity: 'Yes, if your friend will
pose immediately.' The portrait was a
success, and finished when Mr. Sartoris
called the next day. He handed me five
new crisp ten-dollar bills. Wife and I
bo%ved our benefactor out and when the
door closed fell into each other's arms,
while the baby grabbed the bills and,
before we discovered it, had torn one
Into fragments, the largest of which
was a quarter of an inch square. It re
quired more time to mend and pass that
greenback than it did to make three
' pictures."
J. D. Strong associates the great
est hardships in his artistic career with
the year 1874. "At that time I was
studying in Munich," said Mr. Strong,
"and waiting anxiously for my long
overdue remittance. I was in pretty
hard casings, I tell you, and finally
took the advice of some students, who
conducted me to a one-cent souphouse.
This place was kept open for the very
poor. There were no waiters here —
each fellow must help himself to the
soup plates and ladles on the shelves,
and wash and return the dishes when
he had finished his meal. This meal
consisted of a scoop from two great
caldrons of soup, or a sort of pot
pourri. I never could make out a suit
able name for the ingredients unless it
could be called anti-fat.
"Well, for a price equivalent to one
cent, a piece of black bread and the
privilege of fishing in these caldrons
for whatever I could take out at one
scoop was given me. At one time I got
a chop bone and a chicken leg. This
was not. very fattening, but I was a
faithful customer there for a week."
"When I was thirteen years of age."
Mr. Jorgensen began, "I commenced
my first struggle in labor for art by
shortening my sleep. I could be found
by 4 o'clock every morning scrubbing
the floors of the old Art School at 430,
Pine street. By doing this and run-
Ding errands, I was enabled to clothe
myself and help my mother. Sometimes
during the janitor's absence all of his
duties devolved upon me, but this was
my first struggle and not the worst one.
From 1881 to 1883 I was an assistant di
rector in the Art School, when Mr.
Williams advised me to branch out for
myself and take a studio. I started out
on a still hunt and found one on Cali
fornia street that just suited me. But
to my astonishment I was asked to pay
the rent of $20 in advance. I had
scarcely a dollar in my pocket and I
lay awake half the night scheming to
get that sum. When morning came I
gained enough courage to ask the loan
of a friend. I got the twenty and pro
ceeded to arrange my studio while my
bosom swelled with joy at the thought
that I was actually in business for my
self. It did not take me long to get
things in order, for my supply of fur
niture was meager. But my stock of
hope was at high tide. Then I sat down
to wait for pupils and orders. Seven
days passed and not a figure darkened
my doors.
THE B&K FRANCISCO CALL, STJXDAY, FEBBXTARY 13, 1898.
"Where were my brilliant dreams? I
felt that I was going mad. I sat down
"WORK." SAID WM. KEITH, "IF YOU'RE HUNGRY, WORK- IF YOU'RE
IN LOVE, WORK- WHAT'S THE USE OF CRYING OVER YOUR
TROUBLES? WORK! WORK! WORK!"
at my easel, but I could not paint. I
was blind to color save one, and that
the golden twenty loaned me by my
friend. It seemed to dance all over the
canvas, until I had to quit work. Sev
eral more days passed, and In all of my
life I can truthfully say that these
were the most wretched days. Not an
order; not a pupil. The fifteenth finally
dawned, and early in the morning I
was startled by a rap at the door. I
yelled 'come In' rather unceremonious
ly. A stranger answered my summons.
I studied that man as closely as if he
had been some diatai.t opecies of cre
ation, for he was the first visitor in the
fortnight. He left me an order for two
pictures that secured the rent, not only
for one month but for three."
"The most wretched time In my ca
reer," asserts H. S. Fonda, "1 spent
in Paris in 1893. I could not speak a
word of French and just happened to
stop at a hotel where there were no
Americans. Upon the second day of
my arrival I missed my bank drafts
that I had been wearing In a little bag
suspended from my neck. Oh, that
hour of torment was bitter! I had
saved my earnings of years for this one
purpose — to study in the art schools of
Paris, and now nothing remained. Be
sides, I had very little in my purse and
as the hotel did not furnish meals I
did not eat that day. Of course I no
tified the bank and hunted up the
American Club at the Hotel de la
Haute Loire, where I found bonhomme
and consomme and, to my unspeakable
delight, I also found my drafts where
they had been lost in the recesses of
my own pockets."
"In 1889." said Artist John Stanton,
"I left Paris and went up to Rochefort
en terre to sketch. One day I was busi
ly engaged in sketching the fortifica
tions, not knowing there was a law
against it, and was arrested by a ser
geant, who took me for a German spy.
I made matters worse by being sullen
and was locked up in the conciergerie
for two days and a night and fed on
onion soup.
"As soon as I was released from here,
my funds being low, I set out for Rye,
England, where I expected to find my
allowance waiting for me. I was dls-
appointed, and in my desperation took
the first room I could find where I
could get credit. It was somewhat
topsy-turvy, but the woman explained
that her Aunt Martha had just died
and that she would have it in order by
night. For three days I occupied the
room without noticing anything un
usual. But on the fourth, thinking
that I was opening the door to the
porch, by mistake I opened the one on
the opposite side of the room, and for
a moment I stood rooted to the spot.
For there lay the fast mortifying body
of a corpse.
"I went down those stairs three
steps at a time and demanded of the
landlady to do something with the
'deader.'
" 'Oh, that is only poor Aunt Mar
tha,' the woman explained. 'She died
with a little wind around her 'cart,
and the doctor said it would be no
'arm to keep the good soul for a few
days. We are going to bury her over
the little 'ill to-morrow.'
"The worst part of the whole thing
was that, knowing what was in the
next room, I had still to occupy mine
from sheer necessity until the remit
tance arrived, and that was the most
wretched night in my whole exist
ence."
"The worst trials of my life," said
Thomas Hill, "I endured while paint
ing that picture of 'The Last Spike.'
Owing to the many commissions, show
ered upon me by Mr. Stanford, my
generous patron, I made very slow
progress with the picture, covering a
period of four years. From time to
time I changed the figures at Mr.
Stanford's suggestions, and one day he
met me on the street and in the friend
liest manner said that he must counter
mand the order, as he feared the pub
lic would think him egotistical if he
had anything to do with the work. I
told him then that I released him
from all responsibility, but that It was
an historical event, and that if the
picture were truthful I should have no
trouble in finding a purchaser. He
told me, however, that when I had
completed the picture I had bet
ter let him see It first, and the expres
sion on his face as he said it told vol
umes to encourage me.
"If there was any folly in it it was
all mine, but I worked with more zeal
than ever before. Foremost amonn
the stubborn facts that stared mp in
the face was the mortgage on my
home, besides my wife and nine chiiu
ren had to have bread and butter. My
four years of toil, with its hopes and
discouragements, left me worn out in
body and mind. The mortgage on my
home was foreclosed, but Charles
Crocker came to my rescue and fur
nished me with the means to get out
of the country, to forget the spike
picture and its attendant miseries. But
I never can."
"Once upon a time." related C. D.
Robinson, "a minister tried to reform
a drunken Indian by offering him a
bribe to keep sober. 'Now, Joe,' said
he, 'if you can keep sober for one year
I will give you $5 at the end of that
time.' The intoxicated Indian quickly
pledged himself. The minister saw
him no more for six months, when he
found him on a glorious jag. 'Why,
Joe,' the good man exclaimed, 'you are
drunk again.' 'Oh, no,' the Indian in
sisted; 'this is the same old drunk!' "
Artist William Keith said: "Oh, yes,
I have had hardships; but, man alive,
who hasn't? I was a wood-carver and
stuck to my trade until I had saved a
little money, and then I began to
paint; but. pshaw! when I didn't sell
my pictures did I sit down and whine
like a woman? No, I just worked and
worked at another. If I had quit paint-
Ing whenever I received a disappoint
ment or failed to sell a picture, darn it
all, I would have been a physical wreck
long ago. Everybody has disappoint
ments. But if you are in' trouble,
work; if you are hungry, work, and if
you are in love be sure and work; it is
the best thing you can do."
"To tell the truth." said Amadee
Joullin, "my whole life has beep ■
struggle from the time I succeeded in
Retting myself fired from a printing
office, where my father had placed me
that I might outgrow the notion of
studying art, down to my meager exis
tence while studying in Paris in 1883.
I think there were very few students
who lived on as small an allowance as
I did. Invariably as the end of the
month came around I had to liv.c on
horse meat. I did my own cooking and
soon got to relish a horse steak pretty
well.
"But pshaw! the greatest hardships
of life are those we endure at home
among our own friends. I remember
one time when rooming with Jules Ta
vernier that I had a rather hard rub.
He suggested that we go out into the
country to sketch, and I had scraped
all the money I could together and met
him at the ferry. 'Let me have your
money, Joullin,' he said. 'I haven't any
just now, but I've got some coming.'
He was always like that— expecting
money, and when it did come he was
the most generous-hearted boy in the
world.
"Well, my money was soon spent, and
we waited for Jules' remittance to
square up our debts at the hotel. At
last it came, but by that time our
board bill had increased to such an
extent that we could only pay our fares
to Oakland. There we were— stranded
at the mole. While we were scheming
to get across the bay, a newsboy came
up, who, reading the name of Jules Ta
vernier on the valise said: 'Hello,
Jules.'
" 'Do you know me?' asked Jules
quickly. 'If you do, let me have four
bits and I'll give you this pocket-knife.'
"The bargain was made, but when we
reached the other side we had to walk
up to our studio carrying our traps,
and the worst part of it, to exist on free
lunches for nearly a week."
Gordon Ross has felt only for a
day the hardships of an impoverished
"IT'S ONLY AUNT MARTHA'S CORPSE," SAID THE LANDLADY TO
STANTON.
pocket. "While I was studying In Vi
enna, by a remarkable coincidence, the
day my bank check arrived, another
came to a man bearing my name. In
"MY LANDLORD SAT ON ME
LIKE Qti UNDIGESTED DOUGH
NUT," SAID H- J- BREUER.
some manner there was a confusion of
signatures, and as I could not draw the
money until the matter was investigat
ed, I repaired to a cheap restaurant
whose price corresponded with my de
pleted purse. It would have been bet
ter for me had I gone hungry to bed, for
what I ate made me wretchedly ill — so
ill, in fact, that when I obtained my
money I had no appetite, and that, so
far, has been the most wretched day in
my experience."
G. ijadenasso, about two years
ago, had a hard run of luck. Sickness
came into his family, he had pawned all
of his jewelry and each day seemed
darker than the last. "It is true, I could
ping," said Mr. Cadenasso, "and often
spent 20 cents for laundered linen and
6 cents to the bootblack to make myself
presentable at some wealthy homes
where I sang without remuneration,
hoping that they would reciprocate by
buying a picture.
"One day I cannot forget. A society
lady stopped me on the street and said,
'Mr. Cadenasso, why don't you go to
Castle Crag? It's perfectly lovely up
there.' 'Madam,' I interrupted, 'I have
not 5 cents to go to the park.'
"Oh, there was such a tempest In my
aoul, and everywhere I looked the
clouds grew blacker; even the elements
sympathized with me and covered the
sky with clouds. Like an inspiration
the desire came to me to cross the bay
and sketch. I w r ent with a friend and
when I returned that night I brought
with me my finished picture 'The Gath
ering Storm.' I found a purchaser at
once and ended my worst struggle."
Speaking of his most tormenting ex
perience, H. R. Bloomer said: "I re
member 1878 as the year of years in
which the history ot my struggles
amounted almost to a climax. I occu
pied the studio in Paris formerly used
by Dv Maurier of 'Trilby' fame, and at
the same time was studying under Du
ran. One day Horace Hawes called
and took a fancy to a large unfinished
picture of Mount Shasta. He ordered
it to be finished and sent to his address
in San Francisco. By a stroke of ill
luck there was no certificate accom
panying the picture and it was kept in
the New York custom-house for six
months.
"On the strength of this sale I In
cured more debts than I otherwise
would have done, for I felt sure that
the money would be forthcoming as
soon as the pictures arrived in San
Francisco. I worked with zeal, and
along with the other students I sent
two pictures to the Universal Exposi
tion. Months passed by and no word
from San Francisco. I got deeper and
deeper in debt, and one morning — the
most miserable one I have ever known
—the proprietor of the restaurant told
me he could give me no more credit.
I walked the streets of Paris all that
day without eating, trying to live
down my despair.
"Late that night I crept into my
bed in my studio and slept, from ex
haustion, until the next morning, when
I was aroused by one of the students,
Wyatt Eaton, who suggested that I
go to the exposition office and inquire
the fate of my pictures.. After a little
persuasion I went and ■rt-as informed
that both had been sold, and that one,
'The Bridge at St. Gretz,' had been
bought by the French Government and
that I would get 1000 francs for it.
"I think I walked home on air."
When Otto Dobbertin, the sculptor,
arrived In San Francisco he brought
with him the remains of his overland
lunch and an empty purse. For three
days he lived on the debris of the one
and was spurred on in his search for
work by the flatness of the other.
There were days, so he says, that he
ate nothing at all. Then he walked
out to the park, and there met a Ger-.
man contractor, who gave him an or
der to make some figures for the
Santa Barbara building at the Mid
winter Fair. "He also gave me $1,"
said Mr. Dobbertin, "and that kept me
one week, until I had finished my fig-
An amusing account of VirglJ
Williams' adventure in Italy, showing
that artist's undaunted spirit, is related
by Mr. Jorgenson. Mr. Williams, who
was the first director of the San Fran
cisco Art School, spent nearly ten yean
in Italy. During that time he made
several sketching expeditions into the
interior of the peninsula, and on ona
of these he discovered that he lacked
the funds to buy even a third-class
passage on the steamboat which would
take him to his destination. His argu
ment to the ticket agent was of no
avail. The agent advised him to see
the captain, but he found him just at
firm. They would take no one on less
than a. third-class fare.
"Finally as Mr. Williams turned to
leave the boat, he saw some horses
aboard and said, 'Surely, captain, you
don't charge as much for shipping
those horses as you do for carrying th«
passengers, do you?'
" 'Of course not,' the captain replied
" 'Then let me go as a horse; I will
stand in th re with them.'
" 'Who are you, anyway?' the cap
tain exclaimed, amazed at his persever
encp.
" 'I am an American artist,' Mr. Will
lams answered.
"Then the captain said, 'Whoever yon
are, you are all right; come along with
me as my guest.'
"Mr. Williams accepted his invita
tion, not only that time, but whenever
he had occasion to cross on that boat."
ANNABEL LEE.
THE FATAL KLONDICITIS.
I'd a lover who was perfect—
Or, I thought so at the time;
He would send me flowers and candy,
He would write me yards of rhyme;
He would visit, send me notes-
He would call me through the phone;
But he took the Klondicitis,
And I'm doomed to live alone.
I gave just fifteen hundred
To a man I thought all right,
lie was sure of "millions in it,"
And 'twould work "just out of sight."
"We had planned to make a splurge,
And were waiting for a scoop;
But he took the Klondicitis
And I think I'm "in the soup." . J {j
You may talk of rheumatism,
You may fear to get a chill, 'fl f]
You may dread the indigestion, 5
And the latest microbe ill;
You may run the entire gamut,
You may have the worst of luck;
But I think the Klondicltis
The most fatal thing we've struck.
ELLA COSTILLO BENNETT.
HOW TO CALL A GERMAN POLICEMAN.
An amusing frontier incident is re
ported by the London Globe from the
village of Schoelbach, in the neighbor
hood of Metz.
A boy who was minding a flock of
sheep on a small island in the river
was caught in a violent storm, during
'WHEREVER I LOOKED," SAID
CHRIS JORGENSEN, "THAT
$20 SEEMED TO DANCE BE
FORE MY EYES."
which the rain fell in torrents. Th«
river rose rapidly and threatened to
cover the island.
The boy shouted for help, and his
cries were heard by two German po
licemen and several villagers, but no-n«
of them would venture into the swollen
stream.
The boy had almost given himself uj
for lost, when he remembered hearing
some of his playmates say, "If you
want a policeman, shout, 'Vive la
France!' "
He immediately began to shout "Vivi
la France!" whereupon the two police,
men plunged into the river, seized tin
boy. dragged him across to the main
land and off to the police station, wher*
they charged him with uttering sedi
tious cries.
Joe W. Grimes, who was in Savannai
recently, is the heaviest bicycle ridei
in the world. He created a sensatioc
from the time he reached that plac«
until he left for Augusta. Grlmei
weighs 524^ pounds, and with all that
avoirdupois rides a wheel Ilka a three
year-old.
2324
SOCIETY.
YET another week of dancing, mu
sic and brilliant entertainments
and the season of IS9T-98 will
have come to a close. The past
week has been crowded with
elaborate affairs, and this week
promises to be equally as gay.
Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Whlttler gave an
elaborate dinner, followed by a dance,
on Monday, at their elegant home, cor
ner of Jackson and Lapuna streets, in
honor of Mrs. Whittier's debutante
sister, Miss Gertie Carroll.
The affair was one of the most elegant
of the many elaborate private entertain
ments given this season. The magnificent
homo, which is so well adapted for the
entertainment of so large a party, was
magnificently decorated for the occasion.
Reception hall, drawing rooms, billiard
hall and dining room were placed at the
disposal of the dancers, and the vast ball
room was converted into a sumptuous
banquet, hall.
The guests were seated at seven round
tables, each of which boasted of an orig
inal and individual decoration. The first
table was aglow with bright red roses.
Snow blossoms were, used to beautify
table No. 2. The third table was decor
ated with nothing but delicate ferns. At
the fourth table the fragrant violet was
used with most artistic effect. For the
fifth table japonicas were used for dec
orative purposes. Daffodils made the
6ixth table beautiful, and the seventh ta
ble was prettily arrayed with delicate
pink fruit blossoms.
After the service of an elaborate menu,
dancing was inaugurated. The cotillon
was the feature of the evening. Edward
Greenway leading with Miss Carroll.
Four figures were danced. The favors
were extremely pretty. For the first
figure there was the Klondike favor— a
tiny golden pick, from which, tied with
brilliantly shaded ribbon, three tiny nug
gets were suspended. A floral wand was
the favor for the second figure, and the
much admired doll favor— tiny dolls in
cap and bells— for the third figure. For
the fourth figure dainty silver vinai
grettes and scarfpins were distributed.
Mr. and Mrs. Whittier received their
guests, assisted by Miss Carroll.
Mrs. Whittier wore an imported gown
of cream white satin, trimmed with point
lace. The only bit of relieving colors on
the gown was a spray of pale green
popples that were fastened to the cor-
t>age.
Miss Carroll -wore a dainty grown of
pink satin. The overdress was of cream
lace, the pattern of -which was traced
with a tiny frill of pink chiffon.
Mr. and Mrs. Whittier's guests were:
Mrs. Bothin. Mrs. R. T. Carroll, Mrs.
Richard Bayne, Baroness yon Schroeder,
Miss Anna Clarke, Miss Smith. Miss H.
Smith. Mrs. S. G. Buckley, Miss Helen
Hopkins, Miss Edna Hopkins, Miss May
Hoffman. Miss Alice Hoffman, Misa
Lillian Follls, Miss Alice Sprague,
Miss Florence, de Long. Miss Ade
laide Murphy. Miss Mabel Smith, Miss
Borel. Miss Kate Salisbury, Miss Ella
Morgan, Miss Margaret Salisbury, Miss
Mary Bell Gwin. Miss Minnie Houghton,
Miss Goodall. Miss Owen, Miss Celia
Tobin, Miss Beatrice Tobln. Miss Therese
Morgan, Miss Eva Moody, Miss Romie
■Wallace, Miss C. Kip, Miss Emma But
ler, Mis? Ethel Keeney, Miss Mollie
Thomas, Miss Helen Thomas, Miss Gertie
Carroll, Miss Muriel Atherton. W. F.
"Whittier. Mr. Bothin. Baron yon Schroe
der, Lawrence Van Winkle, Clarence Fol
lis, Fred Greenwood, Robert Eyre, Ger
ald Rathbone, Augustus Taylor, W. Tay
lor, Southard Hoffman, Fred McNear, B.
HoUaday. Frank Owen, Harry Houghton,
Mr. Martin, Nat Wilson, James Follis.
Ed Pringle, Lieutenant Wilcox, Arthur
Alien, Harry Poett, Harry-Stetson. Harry
Holbrook, Charles Felton, Ed Sheldon,
}:. M. Greenway, C. Tobin, Count Ceni,
George de Long. Alfred Clement, Harry
Pringle, S. G. Buckley, Mr. Graham, R.
Duperu and Mr. O'Sullivan.
Sixty members of the Entre Nous Cotil
lon will make up a theater party at the
Baldwin next Thursday evening In honor
of Miss Elenore Grusti, a former mem
ber of the Cotillon Club.
The Eentre Nous Cotillon will hold Its
fifth assembly and German at the Pal
ace next Friday evening.
In the unavoidable absence of the chair
man, Mrs. Selden S. Wright, Mrs. S. M.
Van Wyck presided. Among the dames
present were: Mrs. S. W. Holladay, Mrs.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•I For the Spring Opening of our SILK fe> ■) \ J §rnp = H^U \f A ' S
I DEPARTMENT we place on sale Monday, :: v v '|] |feztf)^' fl ■ 1 |L
I FEBRUARY 14, g"" ■ .*% laffifS^
I .100 pieces of FOULARD SILKS, 24 mW^^^MM^^^^^' ■
I inches wide, in artistic designs and ■ ' (fT] J^^^M i]W **
1 exquisite colorings, ■ /^ll^M^^
AT 75 C PER YARD, /^^P^S^^
WORTH 51. 25 PER YARD. M^Tf--\^ r^^^^S>^T^ :
| The price of these goods being sur- tk^^tj^3^^^
I prisingly moderate, and the goods them- •.' '"' ;:; -•'■'■• -- " ■ " • •.-"-'•
® SelVeS being exquisitely fashionable In the development our oo u t-of-T O wn Trade we have
«• PfPfltinnV WP invitP a rritira! PVOmf gathered together a staff of assistants who thoroughly
0 CreatlOnS, We inVlte d CritlCal eXami- understand how to promptly and satisfactorily fill Mail
I nation of them. orders. T » 8 .
{•) q> (g
I 125=127-129=131 KEARNY STREET.
Henry Gibbons, recording secretary; Mrs. |
George A. Cruix, Mrs. E. W. Newhall, j
Mrs. J. H. and Miss Maddox, Mrs. L C.
Branch and Mrs. William A. Brewer of
Ban Mateo.
The Colonial Dames were the guests of
the corresponding secretary and histo
rian, Mrs. C. Elwood Brown, at her home,
southwest corner of Central and Pacific i
avenues, on Tuesday, February 1. Most '
interesting accounts of various colonial
celebrations in the East, as well as de- ;
lightful reports of the work of the East- ;
era societies, were listened to with mark- I
ed attention. The request from the Ti
conderoga Historical Society for the
Damea here resident to' have the historic
fnrt preserved by an appeal to Congress
met with approbation. This charming
spot on Lake George, New York, was re
nowned before the Revolutionary War.
as well as during that conflict, in the
colonial history. Miss Evelyn Henry
added greatly to the pleasure of the aft
ernoon by her exquisite rendering of sev
eral solos.
JheyYe Engaged.
The engagement of Miss Pauline Rosen
thai, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Max
Rosenthal of Chicago, formerly of this
city, to David Lederer of Chicago, is an
nounced. The wedding will take place on
the 27th of February.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Sarah Davis and I. Kamteri
Wedding Bells.
The marriage of Elizabeth Klink McCoy
and Lieutenant Vincendon L. Cottman,
U. 8. N., was solemnized at the residence
of the bride's mother, 141S Post street, on
Wednesday, at 2 o'clock. The house was
tastefully decorated with woodwardia
ferns, smllax and roses. In lieu of the
conventional wedding music, the Califor
nia quartet sang as the bridal couple
entered the parlors, and also after the
ceremony, which was performed by
Chaplaln Frank Thompson, U. S. N. It
was a quiet home wedding, only the im
mediate families being present. Lieu
tenant Cottman is the executive officer
of the U. 8. S. Alert, stationed at
present at San Juan del Sur, Central
America, where he will shortly join her.
Mrs. Cottman will remain with her family
for the present.
Home Qatherir\gs.
The numerous friends of Mrs. Louise
di Vecchio gave her an informal reception
on Saturday evening last at the elegant
and spacious apartments of Mrs. A. Gro
gan, 1434 Washington street. The occa
sion was commemmorative of a token of
appreciation of Mrs. Dl Vecchio before
her intended departure from this city,
where she has resided for the past quar
ter of a century.
The parlors were decorated with ferns
and evergreens, and the programme con
sisted of music, both vocal and instru
mental, with select recitations and read
ings.
Among those present were: Mrs. W.
Symonds, Mrs. A. Grogan, Mrs. McNeill,
Mrs. Louise Knowlton, Mrs. M. Bowers,
Mrs. S. Cardall, Mrs. W. Krouse, Mrs. C.
Perpoli, Mrs. A. l'rince, Mrs. K. Hubley,
Mrs. L. Bennett, Miss Flora Grogan, Misy
Daisy Grogan, Mias Alice Strong, Miss
Jeanne Geautit, Miss Sophie Marln, Miss
Kate Valente, Miss di Vecchio, Miss I.
Silvester, Miss V. Hansom, Miss Maude
Kelly; H. D. Sheridan, W. Symonds, Joe
Keller, George Hill, Leon Blanchard, Dan
McNeill. Joseph Keene, William McNeiil,
Fred Howe, J. R. Hartman, George
Sweetser, Judge Williams, C. B. McCar
thy, Dr. D. W. McNeill, George Mc-
Gowan, Henry Grogan and others.
Victor Demartini entertained his num
erous friends on the evening of Febru
ary 5 in honor of his reappointrnent as
official Italian interpreter of the several
courts of this county. The affair was
held at a downtown Italian restaurant.
The banquet hall was tastefully decor
ated with bunting, and music was fur
nished by O'Brien's orchestra. Singing
was the feature of the evening's enter
tainment. Miss Kittle Burns, late of
the Brian Boru Opera Company, sang
several selections, as did also Miss May
Jackson. Judge Campbell, Martin Kelly
and Edward Sweeney also favored with
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1898.
selections. Those present were Judge
Campbell. Judge Low, William Finnigan,
J. U. Cameron, James Becsey, Martin
Kelly. Edward Wren. Phillip Crimins,
Charles Ashcr, F. Gaspar, A. J. Morgen
stern, James F. Hallet, Sylvia Roccata
gla. J. McQuade, J. A. Kock, J. Hall,
Victor Demartini, Ed Sweeney, Paul De
martini, Len Gallagaria, John Gall, Ar
chie Campbell, M. L. Spinetti, Miss May
Jackson, Miss Annie O'Brien, Minnie Da
vis, Lottie de Vota, Klttie Burns and
Alice Daly.
About twenty-five of the schoolmates
and friends of Master Harold Brown ten
dered him a very agreeable surprise party
last evening at the home of his parents,
8148 Larkin street. <The surprise was
thorough and the enjoyment of the
young people most complete.
Glub parties.
The annual banquet of the lota Chap
ter of the XI Psi Phi of the Dental Fra
ternity was held last Thursday In Del
monico's banquet hall. The reunion was
an interesting one, and was a source of
enjoyment to all. There were present:
Dr. R. E. Gilson, Dr. J. M. Williamson,
Dr. J. D. Hodgen, Dr. C. A. Gitton, Dr.
W. B. Lewitt, Dr. A. A. D'Ancona, Dr.
U. E. Gedge, Dr. J. A. Jeffery, Dr. C. A.
Oilman, Dr. W. M. Herrington, Dr. C. C.
Marckus, Dr. J. J. Richards, Dr. B. C.
Boeseke, Frank Vaughn, C. R. Wilcoxon,
F. D. Watkins, H. G. Allen, A. C. Rulof
son Jr.. R. E. Burns, J. M. Stalder, J. A.
Cnlegrove, S. L. Piper, A. L. White, J. 11.
Finley, J. M. McChsh, W. R. Allin, T. T.
Scott, P. H. Dunbar, E. E. Rogers, C. L.
Morey, D. L. Blackburn, A. J.Hiniker, R.
J. Blake, P. S. Cummings, J. M. T. Hock
er, S. S. Southworth, J. F. Galloway.
The members of the Monday Evening
Whist Club were entertained at the res
idence of Miss Emma Prosek last Mon
day evening. Prizes were awarded to
Oscar Meussdorffer and Miss Sadie de
Haven. The consolation prizes went to J.
M. Fallavar and Miss Nellie G. Martland.
Sailed AWavj.
Among those sailing on the steamer
Alameda on Friday. February 4, were:
For Honolulu— Miss A. K. Adalr, Miss
J. Allen, H. P. Baldwin, C. P. Baughman,
Miss L. A. Curtis, H. H. Dunlap, Mrs. M.
Fennell and child, Mrs. J. Fennell, J. H.
Fisher, J. D. Ford, L. Goldstone, Miss B.
: Johnson, L. B. Kerr, Rev. James A. Mar
tin, P. F. Nolan, W. H. Paine, J. F.
Peirce, Miss E. Phillips, Dr. E. C.
Rhoades, J. Morgan Smith, Miss Jano
Souter, F. E. Udell and wife, H. Vos and
wife, S. O. Wells, Miss A. Wells, o. It.
Wilcox; William Wright, wife and child;
Miss J. E. Fisher. G. H. Wright.
For Apia— James C. Connor and wile,
Miss I. M. Hall, Miss Smith.
For Sydney— S. R. Abrams and wife, K.
Aston, H. M. Ay res, George Bandoflar
and wife, B. C. Besley, William Campbell,
W. W. Donnelly, Miss Edwards, si. J.
Foyer, Dr. J. F. Gibbon; F. Gunther, wife
and child; J. J. Power, wife and child;
1. B. Snell and wife, F. J. Sullivan. D. B.
i Thomas and wife, Henry Utard, Jonn
! Wlckham.
Join at Honolulu for Sydney— George B.
Cooksey, wife and valet; Miss E. Coolisey,
Master E. D. Cooksey, R. Fornaris.
Del J*lor\te.
DEL MONTE, Feb. 12.— A large number
of Eastern people have arrived here this
week, having been driven to California
by the terrible blizzards and other forms
of climatic discomfort now so prevalent
east of the Rockies. Chicago is espe
cially well represented upon the week's
list of visitors, and those who come from
the Windy City are doubly appreciating
the mildness of a California spring. A
notable party of Chicagoans now here
consists of Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Miller
and Mr. and Mrs. S. W. Miller. Many
San Franciscans also are staying here
nnw, among them being L. Cohen and
Mrs. Cohen. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph D.
Grant came down from San Francisco
this week, remaining only a few days.
They were accompanied by Miss Lewis
of Portland, Or.
Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Carvalho of New
York City arrived "Wednesday to spend
! the remainder of the week. f
The pleasant weather of the past week
has made out of door amusement very i
: delightful, and driving has been especially
i indulged in. Wheeling is also coming
into favor again, and between 10 and 12
o'clock in the morning the grounds are
full of riders upon their noiseless steeds.
Now that the season for quail and duck
! shooting is almost over the sportsmen
here are all the more eager for the de
lights of gunning. Early starts and late
' returns, usually game-laden, charac
■ terize the days for these irrepressible en
! thusiasts.
Some of the visitors who have arrived
j during the week are: Josephine Gro,
| San Francisco; Russell Parker and wife,
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Gutman, Mr. "iork,
George S. Field, Mrs. G. S. Field, Buffalo,
N. V.; W. D. Currier, Spokane; Henry
Auger, London, England; F. Dray, J. A.
Flanagan, New York; 11. I. Stow and
wife, Miss Keifer, Forbestown, Col.; John i
Hammond, J. D. Grant and wife. San
Francisco; Miss Lewis, Portland, Oregon;
: W. \V. Mem, Oakland; Miss Jean Pollok,
! San Diego; Allen Pollok, W. C. Pavey,
F. W. Snyder, San Francisco; John B.
I Oblinger, Pennsylvania; J. E. Rugg and
i wife, Boise, Idaho; Walter H. Miller and
1 wife. Chicago; H. A. Latimer. Boston;
! James Brummahon and wife. New York
! city; Sidney W. Miller and wife. Chicago;
: F. M. Young, (\ A. Young. J. Murray,
I AVinnipeg; Fr. Wietzer and wife. Norfolk,
Neb.; Amalie Hofer, Ethel M. Hoe. John
R. Lindgren, C. P. Montgomery. Chicago;
■ J. L. Carvalho and wife, New York city;
I L. Cohen and wife, San Francisco; U. D. j
I Billmeyer, Chattanooga, Term.; Y. H. I
' Black and wife. New York; Mr. and Mrs. i
A. M. Rosenbaum, San Francisco; Mrs. j
! Ed Ehrman, Portland; Mr. and Mrs. G.
W. Parks, New York City: W. J. Chal- |
mers and wife, Miss Joan Chalmers,
Chicago.
Sar\ JVlateo.
SAX MATEO, Feb. 12.— The residence of
G. W. Dickie was on Thursday evening ]
last filled with an enthusiastic assembly, |
met to do honor to Scotland's bard, Rob- j
! crt Burns. The occasion was the forty
first meeting of the San Mateo Fort- |
nightly, a literary and musical society. ;
Several essays and speeches were given, |
j reviewing Burns as a wit, a poet, a pa-
I trlot and a moralist. The musical num- '
; hers were interesting, as illustrating: the j
I melodies Burns especially loved and !
! helped to perpetuate by his immortal '<
songs. The singing of Mrs. W. E. Den- '
I nison was much admired.
The subject "Washington and His i
Times" will be considered at the next i
meeting, which will be held at the resi- j
dence of Walter E. Dennlaos.
Among those present on Thursday |
i evening were Airs. George Wallace, Rev. i
and Mrs. C. H. Kirkl>rtf<\ Mr. and Mrs. |
G. W. Dickie, Mr. and Mrs. Paul Bettle- ■
helm, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Doane, Mr. and ;
Mrs. W. E. Dennison. Mr. and Mrs. W. B.
Lawrence, Mr. and Mrs. 1,. 11. Fuller, Mr.
and Mrs. N. J. Greathead, Mrs. C. M.
Morse, Mrs. Douglas, Mr. and Mrs. P.
: Noisat, Mrs. J. Rodgers, Mrs. F. T. Fer- !
| ree, Miss Mary Morse, Miss Mabel Law- i
rence. Miss Clara Roedel, Miss ' Anna
Dickie, Miss Eleanor Wallace, Miss Doug
las, Miss Ethel Ferree, Miss Carrie Good
hue, Miss Edna Coodhue, Miss May Rob- j
inson. Miss Eleanor Reynolds, A. R. Gil
christe, W. D. Read, L. C. McAfee. Dr.
A. E. Baldwin, Crit. Ferree, James Rod
gers, William S. Dickie, G. W. Dickie Jr.,
William Reynolds, Wyllys Hall, C. T. |
Christ, Charles Roedel, A. J. Dickie, Wil
liam A. Turnbull, Fred M. Dickie, C. N.
Kirkbrido and William S. Jack.
J^aso Robles.
Judge Buck of Redwood City, T. L.
Moody and wife of San Francisco, James
Conley of Montana are among those reg
istered at Paso Rohles.
Thomas Irvine, Mrs. de Ruyter and Miss
de Ruytor of New York have returned to i
Paso Roblea.
J. J.Valentine and a party have engaged i
rooms at Paso Robles for the month of ;
February. y
Captain James Mills and wife of Texas,
Dr. and Mrs. N. L. Hall of Florida, Mr. <
and Mrs. K. T. Hone, Miss Hone and
Master Hone of Alabama are registered
at Paso Robles.
] bos _/\r\geles.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 12.— Miss Aurelia !
Amillo entertained Friday evening at the
residence of her sister, Mrs. 8. Quasi!, on
But Third street, in honor of Miss Flor- j
ence Scatena and George Glanninl of San j
Francisco. The decorations, which were ■
exceedingly beautiful, were of red carna- j
tions and maidenhair ferns, while the i
reception hall was converted Into a con- |
servatory with quantities of potted plants
and smilax. The evening's programme ;
Included music, dancing and cards. The
first prizes, a hand-painted picture frame
and a silver hat brush, were won by Miss ;
Helen Roth and Mr. Lalz. The consola- i
tion prize, a doll and a toy trumpet, were ! i
What Will Happen if me Fad for
" Physical Reform " Continues.
Last week my bosom friend handed
me a card bearing the following in
scription:
ASTRA CASTRA
THE NEW ERA
CONSISTORY
TO
MRS GREETING:
You are Invited, physically, intel
lectually and spiritually, to meet
with us as we were and as we are,
in Beatific Hall on January 10, 1898,
at 2:30 p. m.
NUMEH LUMEN
It Bounded creepy and strange and
promised something of a novelty, so
we decided to go.
We were conducted to good side
seats half way up the aisle, and before
the president's gavel fell we Inspected
our surroundings. The hall was large,
handsomely furnished, and, as Mo
hammed said of Hades, almost full of
women. It had no windows other than
the colored glass of its monstrous
dome, through which filtered pale rays
of light and sunshine, giving to the
scene "a magic with witchery in it."
Mrs. Bramme whispered, adding that
"the creeps were giving a shadow
dance all up and down her spine."
Promptly at 2:30 o'clock Mrs. Bram
me and I were in the vestibule
leading to Beatific Hall. At the en
trance door we were welcomed by two
young girls, rather more plainly at
tired than the average woman usher,
and with nothing especially uncanny
about them that I could discern,
though I was vigilantly watching for
something of the sort.
There were mottoes upon the walls
bestowed upon Miss Florence Scatena
and Mr. Hurlburt.
Miss Scatena rendered several piano
solos and Miss Bertha Roth and Eugene
Roth contributed vocal duets. An ele
gant supper was served.
Besides the guests of honor there were
present the Misses Louise Naud, Anna
Strohm, C. Le Urquiza, Helen Roth, M.
Potts, Louise Pellissier, M. Krille and
Bertha Roth, Messrs. Frank Barham,
Eugene Roth, Harry Belcher, R. Crow. E.
C. Wilson. E. Hurlburt. P. Lalz. J. Kor
bel, J. Scott and W. G. Barnwell.
lr\ the Future!
The Loring Club, which is now in its
twenty-first year o£ active musical work.
announces the second concert of the
present series for Wednesday evening,
the 16th inst., in Odd Fellows' Hall. The
programme for this concert Is of unusual
interest, the most important of the choral
numbers being Schubert's "Hymn to the
Almighty," for tenor solo and male voice
chorus; the fourth scene from Max
Bruch's "Frithjof's Saga"— op. 23, for
barytone solo; quartet and chorus, Bucks
"The Nun of Nidaros," for tenor solo
and chorus, with piano and organ ac
companiment ; Debois' " Mysterious
Night," for chorus, with violin obligato;
and Rheinberger's "Saint John's Eve."
Llewelyn A. Hughes, son of the highly
esteemed conductor of the club, will make
his debut before a San Francisco audi
ence as solo violinist on this occasion. D.
P. Hughes will, as usual, direct the con
cert.
The regular meeting of the Western
Literary and Social Club will be held on
Wednesday evening, February 16, at Na
tive Sons' Hall. "Pink Dominoes" with
the following excellent cast will be pre
sented: Charles Grevthorne (a cotton
merchant), Thomas P. Hickey; Sir Percy
Wagstaff (Baronet), William M. Ogilvie;
Mr. Joskin Tubbs (a merchant), Arthur
W. Jones; Henry (his nephew), George
W. Ryan; Mons. T. Perron ■(a caterer),
Alfred A. Borlini; Isadore (a waiter), Wil
liam A. Wallace; Lady Maggie Wagstaff,
Miss Mac Roberson; Sophie Greythorne.
Miss Helen Dumars; Mrs. Tubbs, Miss
Elsie A. Duncan; Miss Baron, Miss Rose
Bruderick; Rebecca, Miss May Capwell.
Dancing as usual will conclude the
evening's entertainment.
The Bay City Wheelmen will hold their
thirteenth anniversary reception in the
Maple Room, Palace Hotel, Wednesday
evining, February 16.
The Cotillon of '98 will give their next
party Friday evening, February 18, at
Sherman & Clay's Hall, 223 Sutter
street. On this occasion the Cotillon will
dance its first german.
During the Lenten season the parties
of the club will be discontinued.
The following are the members of the
club: Bruce Large, Leslie I. Coggins,
Joseph P. Lavin, Bernard P. Gleas.on,
Robert Schord, Acton Stowen, William
W. Leathe, William Schord, Robert E.
Tracey, George W. Montgomery, Allen
H. Ferguson and C. E. Niedecher.
The Flfur de Lis Club, a new social
organization, held its weekly meeting
last Thursday evening In the parlors of
the California Hotel. Final arrange
ments were made for the club's first
ball, which is to take place to-morrow
in the Maple Hall of the Palace Hotel.
The club has already over half a hun
i!r«i| members and applications for mem
bership are being handed in so rapidly
that double that number will be enrolled
before the ball. Mrs. John Pettee is
the founder and president of the club.
Personals.
Mrs. B. Stern has removed to 2207 Bu
chanan street and will be at home the
second Wednesday of the month.
Daniel K. Hayes and family, who have
been spending the winter at the Occiden
tal Hotel, have gone to Coronado beach
to remain until about May 1.
Miss J. Meta Hadenfeldt leaves on the
Sunset Limited Monday. She will join
friends in Los Angeles, and from there
make an extended Eastern tour.
Mrs. and Miss Cohen will be at home
the last Sunday of each month from 3
to 5 p. m., at 1529 O'Farrell street.
Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Lyon and Miss
Jeffreys Martin have moved to "The Mar
tinet," 1101 Geary street. At home third
Monday.
Dr. R. L. Rigdon arrived here Saturday
evening .after spending three months in
New York and other large Eastern cities
in college and hospital work.
Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Wotftier hay rp.
turned from their tour of Europe and the
East. Mrs. AYollner will bo at home as
usual on the second and fourtn Tuesdays
of each month.
"Ouida" has beautifully formed
hands and feet, and to keep the latter
from being distorted by unnatural pres
sure on the bones, she wears open,
buckled shoes, summer and winter
alike, instead of boots.
which revealed themselves by hun
dreds, as our eyes became accustomed
to the gloom, all of them suggestive of
blackboards, which were suspended
upon either side of thepresident's chair,
and were covered with strange dia
grams of human figures. While I was
trying to read the inscriptions, the
president arose, stood quietly a mo
ment, glancing with a half-smile over
the crowd of anxious faces before her,
and then, in a low, clear, carrying
voice, addressed the audience.
She welcomed the women to a par
ticipation in the mysteries of the new
era, "each soul to as much of the mys
tery as it can absorb; to all the light it
can now receive; each to all the good
which we know from our own experi
ence is within its grasp." She said she
knew that the visitors would be
amazed at what they would presently
see and hear.
Amputating an external member of
the physical body had long been prac
ticed by civilized peoples; but it had :
been reserved for up-to-date scientists
to invade the inner anatomy of the hu
man body, and, by removing organ af
ter organ, to re-create, in a sense, and
to cause the intellectual to be adapted ]
to new connection. Much more she i
said on the same line. Her leading
id«a was that the excising scientist has i
demonstrated that it was possible to
live and to enjoy life without many of
the organs «t digestion, circulation and
nervous and muscular action.
Every umbilical and hypogastric or
gan may safely be removed, and, as
science moves, most of the organs in
the epigastric regions may also be i
taken out. Then there would be noth- '
ing left to trammel the spirit; nothing '
to give pain. But then there woufd
be such space and possibilities for hap- ;
piness as never have been conceived by
the minds of men.
"Do not for a moment imagine," said
the president, "that all this is the re- j
suit of the excising skill of the surgeon. I
When once proved that the stomach
could be removed and life not only go
on the same, but the mind thereby be
immeasurably strengthened — so that I
intense will could cause the successful
absorption of Btill another organ — it I
was at once seen that such action could
thus dissolve any organ; and earnest, ;
aye, inspired women by the score en- \
weddings
tered upon the trial."
Then some of the more advanced
members of the society were invited to
give their experiences.
Miss Williams, whose hair, eyes,
cheeks and hands were of ashy pale
ness, spoke with a voice that seemed
to come from a long distance. She said
that she had coveted a slim \»aist. She
had passed through the excision pro
cess for the sake of attaining a delight
ful slimness. Her stomach and some
other organs had been removed. The
result was that she had no waist — only
a diaphanous shred to connect the
aesophagus with the abdomen. She
had also, by the exercise of will, she
said, absorbed still other organs. Thi3
she would demonstrate later.
Then a lady who was introduced as
"Madam Ananias" gave an account of
her experience. Malice, melancholy
and envy, which had tormented her
from her youth, had left her upon the
excision of her gall and spleen and the
removal of certain gray matter from
her brain. Then, she said, her spiritual
eyes had been opened and she had be
gun to discern clearly the wisdom and
possibility of mental as well as sur
gical excision. She was no longer sub
ject to any hindrance in the higher
aspirations nor limited by any boun
daries seen by physical eyes. She said
she was willing to make ocular demon
stration of the truth of her statements.
A tall, animated blonde, of about
forty summers, with a face that spoke
resolution and activity, put this ques
tion to Mrs. Ananias:
"You Bpeak of having your g-all anrl
spleen removed, do you still retain your
stomach?"
"No, madam; it was removed eight
weeks ago.'
"And yet," said the interlocutor, "you
eat, have appetite, taste and sense of
smell?"
"Yes," replied Mrs. A. "I have a re
fined and elevated appetite, a sense of
taste and smell as much above former
life as attar of roses is above the odor
of decomposition."
A lady asked the chair if each of. the
members who would appear before the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'■ ■'■ mm m »'■-■■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■'■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ it
TWO WEEKS'
GREAT SPECIAL
To make room for the IMMENSE PURCHASE OF SPRING
GOODS made by our buyers now in the East we this week in-
augurate A SPECIAL TWO WEEKS' REDUCTION SALE, as we are
at present heavily overstocked, and IT IS ABSOLUTELY IMPERA-
TIVE THAT THE GOODS BE FORCED OUT BEFORE MARCH Ist.
* : In preparing for this great sale we have thoroughly over-
hauled every department, and subjected everything to the MOST
SEVERE CUTS QUOTED IN YEARS, a few examples of which we
present, assuring our patrons that, ALTHOUGH THESE CUTS
APPEAR ALMOST BEYOND BELIEF, THEY ARE. GENUINE, and at
the figures named the goods are
Unmistakable and Unmatchable Bargains !
COLORED DRESS GOODS.
OR r 97 pieces 38-INCH ALL WOOL. SCOTCH CHEVIOTINE SUITING,
«uv value for 50c a yard, will be placed on sale at 25c a yard.
e-ftr* 71 pieces 45-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL ENGLISH SERGES, all
tJvJw shades, worth 75c a yard, will be placed on sale at 50c a yard.
*7PZr* 65 pieces 46-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL FRENCH HENRIETTAS, a
• *J^ full line of shades, extra good value for Jl 00, will be placed on sale
at 75c a yard. ■•■;--;'
Cl AA 51 Pieces 52-INCH EXTRA' FINE ALL-WOOL ENGLISH MIXED
f im\J\J COVERT CLOTHS, former price $1 50 a yard, will be placed on
* ■■'•• Bale at $1 00 a yard. S'h /;••-:..
BLANKETS AND COMFORTERS.
« A QO I°° P alr s FINE WOOL BLANKETS, size 76x84 inches, rerular price
O«wW $6 50, now offered at $4 90.
$Jt QO 75 pairs HEAVY. ALL-WOOL BLANKETS, regular price $5 00, now
.v*>«crvr offered at $3 00. -, . .
TKr 10 bales HEAVY COMFORTERS. "WHITE COTTON FILLING
* V w regular price $1 15, now offered at 75c. .
$11?* 12 bales COMFORTERS, white carded cotton filling, handsome de-
#■• ■«* signs, regular price $1 50, now offered at $1 15.
LADIES" KID GLOVES.
Qf|r 60 dozen LADIES' 4-BUTTON OB. NO. 2 QUALITY DRESSED
tJvJV* KID GLOVES in Tan, Mode, Slate, Navy, Butter and Black (odd
sizes),' regular value.Jl 25, will be on sale at 90c a pair.
$1 OO 3° dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP PIQUE KID GLOVES in Ox-Blood
<pi«vrvr Brown, Tan, Green, White and Black, extra good value, will be on
sale at Jl 00 a pair. Every pair Guaranteed and Fitted
CLOAK DEPARTMENT.
$2-50 , DIES .' BLACI > CHEVIOT CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, star
■*.*•«* V collars, former price $5 00, forcing out price $2 50. .
J0.95 ■• LADIES' i TWO TONE BOUCLE CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts,
f.*«tstr storm collar, cord ornament in front, regular prlco $6 00 forcing out
•- price $2 90.
53. 95 LADIES'. RUSSIAN: B USB JACKETS tan coverts and two-
™^?- facing rout e prlcJ U % or ; velvet trlramed ' > P^ce JS 50,
$5.00 f L r A n^o^^^ *
53.95 asgjaasfg^OTßsafggwgay cord sarnlture
See To-day 's Chronicle and Examiner for Additional Bargains. .
{/{/ Murphy Building:, ".'^#-'_? if if Murphy. Building , 1
Martet anil Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets.
audience had been subjected to the
same excision.
Madam President replied: "By no
means aro all alike in their present ex
alted conditions, and a little later this
inquiry will be answered in an en
tirely satisfactory way."
The next speaker was Dr. Fox, who
advanced the theory that the only ab
solutely essential organs in the human
body are those where thoughts are
born. All others are collateral, and
with higher development not only
nun-essential, but inconvenient. Ill
nature, anger and vindictiveness de
part as the excising knife — or, better
and higher yet, the subjugated will —
dispen.se with the organs whence
they spring, and those brainy sections
where tht-y are shaped for action
and given, as it were, wings and feet.
All of the organs within the human
frame are as susceptible to removal
as are the hairs of the head or the
fingers on the hand.
"Somewhere in Arabic legend," said
Dr. Fox, "I have read of angels lean
ing over the battlements of heaven,
throwing their loosened golden girdles
to weary toilers up the shining stairs,
the sooner and- the surer to make cer
tain their entrance into the Eternal
City. To-day we throw to you one end
of our girdles with more than loving
invitation to invite and draw you- into
the fold of our ecstatic life. Will you
join us and — "
"Yes, yes, come and join us!" cried
voices from all over the several plat
forms.
"See what I was and am!" shrieked
one whom the president called "Miss
Blonm." "Obesity was my curse. Mind
has triumphed over matter! Look how
slender I have become."
"Come and join us, come and Join
us," they cried. "Mind must triumph
over matter. Sacrifice your stomachs
to higher aspirations."
The lights began to flicker in a
strange, weird way. My bosom friend
and I became frightened and we fled
from Beatific Hall.
I wonder where that society will end
if it keeps developing along such lines?
H. A. BENEDICT.THE LATEST NECKWEAR FOR THE SPRING GIRL.
TT : E spring girl and her bow will be
this year. Bows are
to be so plentiful that no young
woman need be without one. And,
happy thought ' There are not only
to be bows in great number, but bows in
many varied types. The spring girl need
never grow tired of her spring bow, for
she 'lay change it at will.
Tha bows are not of the masculine per
suasion. They are of chiffon, satin and
silk, and are altogether the gayest things
in Town. There is a delicate, fluffy bow,
bedecked with lace frills, and the plain
bo-R', tied with tailor-like severity. There
art- big bows and little bows, butterfly
bows and many variations of the four-in
htnd ties.
Xo matter how many bows the spring
g rl may claim as her own, she must have
one or two at least in the gay Roman
colors.
A bow Just In town is made of Roman
striped silk and boasts of beautiful silk
fringe ends. It is tied about a high linen
collar and Is arranged in front in a bow
with ends which reach Just a trifle below
the corsage. These bows come not only
in dark shades striped with scarlet, vivid
green and brilliant yellow, but they can
be bought in all the light evening shades,
in soft cream, for example, crossed with
lines of baby blue, violet and faint pink,
•with here and there a hair line of black.
The four-in-hands come not only in
these same Roman colors and finished
with fringed ends, but they may be bought
in all the brightest plaids. In the Roman
scarfs the stripes run not only up and
down, but bayadere.
There are so many varieties of four-in
hand ties this spring that the up-to-date
girl might wear one every day and yet
her ties would never look alike. In the
first place, there is the conventional four
in-hand in Roman stripes with silk fringe
ends; then there is the four-in-hand in
satin or silk, which peeps out from be
neath a small turned-down fur collar, and
which was designed purposely to be worn
right after the fur boa is taken off.
The accordion-plaited four-in-hands are
also all the vogue. They come principally
in plain colors, and are tied to show an
.unusually small knot. Their fanlike
spreading ends are extremely pretty. One
of the daintiest of the new four-in-hands
Is made of sheer white lawn, with the
ends covered with an applique of leaf
embroidery. This tie Is sold in connection
•with a finely plaited stock of the white
lawn, which is made with embroidered
turnover points. A novel and new four
in-hand is also a combination of tie and
stock. The stock is of ribbon, and the
four-in-hand does not appear until some
distance below it, but is so connected with
the stock by two narrow ribbon bands.
These four-in-hands are generally made
up In silk and lace, the long flowing ends
finished with lace frills.
The bow and the four-in-hand also com
bine their charms this spring. One of the
latest of the neckwear fancies shows first
a big fluffy lace bow, mounted on an in
conspicuous stock, while below It a rib
bon four-in-hand with lace ends peeps
out. This novelty is frequently varied by
having both the bow and the four-in-hand
made of accordion-plaited silk or satin.
Even the tailor-made girl will wear this
year a wide mull or net scarf. It must
be very wide to be in fashion and must
tie in a big bow straight under her chin
There are the plain scarfs of mull and
mousseline de soie, with tucked ends
then there are those ' of black chiffon
with white lace designs appliqued to the
ends as a border, and others in white
chiffon with black lace borders, besides a
great variety of net scarfs with lace ends.
But no matter how many mull scarfs
the tailor-made girl may own, she will
always be true to the severe little string
tie and the masculine Ascot. There are
extremely narrow ! string ties this year,
as well, the tie which. fastens in front
with a tiny accordion-plaited bow. The
newest ties of this description show the
Koman colors and are very fetching
with the severe tailor gowns. ' The latest
Ascot is all accordion plaited and comes
•in exceptionally light colors.
Besides the neckties the neck ruffs
fancy fronts and Huffy boas are Just
now receiving their perennial . welcome.
An odd ruff much in demand is made of
three semi-circular rurnes of crepe de
chine held in place with tiny rosettes of
lace. This ruff is finished in front with
two long stole ends of the crepe de chine
edged with lace like that used for the ro
settes. It can be bought not only in
black crepe de chine, with white la™
rosettes, but in all the newest colors of
the season.
The young person who Is accustomed
to transforming her wardrobe at will can
effectively change this ruff when she
grows tired of its lace trimming by sub
stituting a knot of violets or a cluster of
forget-me-nots in place of the rosettes
and by using a flower fringe instead of
lace ends. Another popular ruff so high
that It almost covers the ears from view
Lm II K a A \ hT( ? ruffles of silk gauze with
embroidered edges and finished in front
£ltn a big accordion-plaited bow of the
iiimy material.
All the bowa are worn in front. An un-
« S nfi \Y ii l y 1Sl ? bmv !s of Sllk mounted on
a plaited stork, and It-has its loops and
ThPn« ned , With V iny Plated ruffle?
The newest fancy fronts glitter with
spangles, and it is quite the rage Just now
to have these silk and satin vests em
THE Love Affairs of Some Famous Men" is as
good aa its title, and both are by the author
° t*. Vtn He Ha PPy Though Married."
It s very trying to be married to a genius or a
Tool, cays the author of this chatty book. Montes
quieu was once at work when some one rushed in
shouting "Fire.'" "Qo to my wife," ho replied, as he
•went on writing; "thesp matters belong to her." On
the other hand, Longfellow and Lowell were ex
cellent husbands. Confucius was so worried by his
wife that he had to divorce her before he could wc.-rk
in peace. Byron's most unhappily wedded mate once
ask^i him at his study door: 'Do I disturb you, By
ron?" To which he answered: "Damnably!" ' He
would not so have spoken to- the Countess (iulccioli,
who was his companion in Italy In later years.
Scientists are curious husbands. Once Mr#. Agas-
Biz screamed on finding a snake in her shoe in the
morning. Her husband asked what was the matter.
"Why, a little snake has just crawled out of my
boot."
"Only one? There should have been three."
He had put them there to keep warm.
Tyndall married a daughter of Lord Claude Hamil
ton, who thought a mere professor not good enough for
a lord's child. Their life was very happy— in fact, sci
entists seem to make the best husbands— but It was
her terrible fate to end her husband's life by giving
him an overdose of chloral by mistake.
Edison once stood behind a telegraph operator's
chair.
"Mr. Edison," ssid Miss Stillwell, "I can always tell
when you are behind me or near me."
This was the opening for which the wizard Vaited,
and he replied: "I've been thinking about you of late,
and if you are willing to marry me I'd like to marry
you." And they did.
Daudet's wife was not only an excellent housekeeper,
but a fine literary critic, who helped Alphonse at his
work. Cooper and Hawthorne were both encouraged
by their wives to begin writing their masterpieces.
Thomas Hardy dropped architecture to become a nov
elist at his wife's urging. Max O'Rell's translator and
literary helper is his English wife.
But these men were not poets. Women who marry
poets play "a game of double or quits." There was
Dante. He had a wife and seven children after set
tling down, but he never forgot his Beatrice, and poor
Mrs. Dante wasn't permitted to forget her, either.
"Whensoever she appeared before him, he had no ene
my left on earth." Chaucer, who himself married one
of the ladies of a queen's bedchamber, wrote:
Marriage is such a rabble rout
That those who are out would fain eet in
And those who are in would fain get out.
Shakespeare wedded a woman much older than him
self, and their child was born very soqn after. In his
will he left the lady his "second best bed," which may
have had a subtle sentimental meaning, like Pickwick's
chops and tomato sauce.
When Milton was 35 he married Mary Powell, the
daughter of a gay, bustling house. She didn't enjoy 4
o'clock rising and long prayers, and in a month ran
away home. Subsequently she came back and fell on
her knees to him — and he used the scene as the mate
rial lor Eve's begging Adam's pardon in his account
broidered with spangles to represent
some crawling animal. For instance, a
soft cream-colored satin, selling at an ex
orbitantly high price, showed green liz
ards, which looked as if they were crawl
ing over the satin from the neck to the
waist band. They were exquisitely em
broidered In the finest of shaded green
spangles, and these effective spangles
formed entirely the high stock collar.
Tucked fancy fronts are, all the vogue,
and some show narrow lace insertions
alternating with the groups of tucks.
The boas are full and fluffier than ever.
Those in chiffon and gauze tie in front
with long ribbon ends, and the ends are
finished with row after row of tiny chif
fon frills.
The feather boas will be more popular
than for many seasons past. Not only
will they be worn in black and in solid
colors to match exactly the costume, but
many shaded boas will be seen.
To make a first-class stock or bow you
must begin at the wrong end of the
business. Buy one! It is absolutely ne
cessary to observe the way a "boughten"
tie is put together before attempting one
yourself, unless perhaps you have an ex
cellent fashion-plate of one and are
"handy." Be cartful in making one that
your work does not have the "all but"
appearance common to so many home
attempts at making dainty trifles. But
with a knack and a willingness and the
materials, there is no reason why good
results should not follow your efforts. Do
not mako the mistake of using old ma
terials. You must purchase good new silk
or chiffon or you will have poor success.
To use a piece of ribbon around the
neck in such a manner that it has the
latest look proceed as follows: Take one
end of the ribbon and pin it to the belt in
front. Carry the other end around the
neck and around again, laying it as flat
as possible until it has passed twice
around the neck. Now bring the end
down even with the other one and cut it
off. Tie in a i'our-in-hand knot at a point
three inches below the neck and directly
under the chin.
Many people have trouble with these
rib) on collars, claiming that it is impos- ...
sible to keep them erect around the neck.
They sag and present an untidy appear
ance. There is only one way to keep
them up. Wear underneath the ribbon a
very narrow linen collar, one that hugs
theneck closely. At the first turn of the
ribbon the linen collar is hidden. The
ribbon will now keep its place nicely and
be protected from the nock as well. A
ribbon worn in this way lasts twice as
long. Many persons purchase very nar
row linen collars for this purpose alone.
As it comes spring the question of a
fashionable color arises. Last spring it
was green, the spring before it was ma
genta. the preceding spring blue, the one
before that brown, and so back to that
QUEER, LOVE STORIES OF FAMOUS MEN.
of the creation! She died young. Milton's second wife
died a year after marriage. In his third retribution
smote him, for she was the termr he had deserved
Before their marriage he had never seen her. She sur
vived him 53 years, and, according to Johnson, cheated
his children.
De Quincey rushed into print to abuse Wordsworth,
who never read the articles. "He says your wife's too
good for you," a friend once quoted. "There he's
right," cried the poet. Long after one who went to
Kyeal Mount "saw the old man walking in the garden
with his wife. They were both quite old and he was
almost blind, but they seemed like sweethearts court
ing."
Shelley, already with one broken heart experience,
wedded at 19 a girl of 16, and the two children played
at light housekeeping on buns and things. Later he
deserted his wife and she drowned herself in the Ser
pentine.
Landor's wife mortally offended him in their honey
moon by jumping up to look at a Punch and Judy
show while he was reading his own poetry. He was
a burly, roaring fellow, with a colossal conceit. She
was gentle and not over-bright. So he deserted her
and their children shamelessly.
Byron's life was embittered by his early love affair
with Mary Anne Chaworth. The "Maid of Athens" was
a daughter of Mine, Macri, wife of a British vice-con
sul in Athens. Byron didn't love his wife and she
couldn't stand nine executions in the house for debt in
one year, not to speak of marital misconduct. So they
parted.
Goethe was a terror. After "Gretchen" Anna Kath
arina, Charity Meixner, "Emilia" and "Lucinda" he
devoted himself to Charlotte Buff (Lotte) and Ann
Muench. After a little affair with "Lili" Schoenemann.
he fell in love with the Baroness Stein, the mother of
seven children, but still able to keep the poet awake
three nights meditating on her charms before he'd even
seen her. He wrote her a thousand letters. Then
came Ohristiane Vulpius, a fat, gross, drunken creat
ure, whom Goethe married when he was 58. Before
and after their marriage they lived together 28 years
until her death. At 74 the widower fell in love with
Miss Yon Lewezon and later yet with Mme. Szyman
owska. Goethe, like Bobby Burns, had a beautiful vis
age and an eye which, it was said, no woman could
resist.
Heine told his patient, much-enduring wife to marry
after his death, so that at least one man might mourn
him.
"Have your jest, dear," she replied, placidly; "you
can't do without me."
Every Monday Heine used to beat her, In a sort of
Joke, which hurt her feelings terribly, although she
was three times as strong as he.
Hood was another poet who deHghted in playing
jokes on his wife, though they were of a different kind.
Most beautiful was Browning's love story. Eliza
beth Barrett was a poet herself, and in such poor
health that her parents opposed her marriage to
THESAN FIJAKCISCO CALL, SI7XDAY, FEBIiUARY 13, 1898.
wonderful navy blue season we had not
many yearn ago.
This .year the color bids fair to be
purple. But this »s nothing strange as
purple blossoms out as regularly' as
Easter comes around. It may be said
that next to purple will come a light
shade of green almost soft In its delicacy
In neck trimmings this green will be
much worn. It can be found in chiffons
and in silks, and it comes in some kinds
of lace. The softest green thread comes
for making into lace for the neck which
can be knitted so delicately that the lace
passes for something very fine.
White chiffon is much combined with
green silk, and there is a wavy green ma
terial thinner than crepe that "is also used
for neckwear.
After the green this year will come all
the shades of red, with a predominance
Dickens and his wife separated after twenty years
of not always unhappy married life, apparently by the
man's fault mainly. His wife was not fine enough for
his new fortunes. Thackeray was a good husband and
father, but his wife went crazy and had to go to an
"institution." There was something sordid about
Charles Reade's life "romance." He couldn't marry
without losing his college fellowship, but formed an
"alliance." possibly Platonic, with Laura Seymour, an
actress, whose dissolute husband Reade kept in spend
ing money.
Jean Paul Richter said that woman's soul as well as
her body is bound in an eternal corset, but he seems
to have been "happy, though married." Balzac once
met in a Swiss inn a Princess who was reading one
of his stories. They corresponded and after her Prince
died .Balzac was promoted to the vacant place in her
heart and great domain.
Dr. Johnson was gross, fat, short-sighted, scarred by
scrofula and a pig at table. At 26 he married a woman
of 46, whom he disciplined a little, obeyed fairly well,
loved devotedly and missed, after her death, very
much. Johnson had a low opinion of women, who, he
said, could neither make a good book of cookery nor
even dress in good taste, but O how he could flatter
the pretty girls in his elephantine way!
Thomas Carlyle's marriage has been more written
about than that of any other man, however great.
Both he and Mrs. Carlyle were cheated of their first
loves, and there was besides, according to Dr. Peck,
of cherry. The most vivid scarlets will
be in style, and the woman who can
wear red will be happy, for her complex
ion will be suited every time.
Red goes well with all complexions, so
neckwear-makers have discovered, and
the white chiffon stock with its tiny
border of scarlet is no novelty.
A fresh and youthful appearance Is
given by a combination of gray cashmere
with white in a young girl's gown. The
waist is bloused, and is belted with wnita
satin ribbon, with long sash ends at the
back. A shirred plastron of white Lib
erty satin is in the front, framed in a
pink velvet revers collar; and below the
are double cashmere frills edeed
'ttith a tiny ruche of white mousseltne de
poie. In the ribbon band collar are four
flaring tabs of mousselino edged with
Another girlish gown Is of dark red and
beige striped wool. The waist is a side
Browning. Both believed In, but neither practiced free
love, and their marriage happiness was perfect
Browning used sometimes to kiss the paving stones in
front of the door of the church where he was mar
ried. D. G. Rossetti buried the MSS. of his first book
of verse In his wife-s coffin. Seven years later they
were dug up and printed.
Steele captured a very beautiful lady by his art In
writing love letters, and when they were married he
used to get drunk, while she fought the wolf with cold
British valor and kept upon her husband as tight rein
as she could.
Scott loved a girl to whom at 19 he chanced to offer
his umbrella In a storm, but she wedded another Prob
ably Scott never quite recovered his heart He mar
ried Charlotte Charpentier, a jewel, a woman of sense
and spirit, with whom he lived most happily.
But O. Jeremy Bentham! When a young man he
proposed to a girl and was refused. At 60 he tried
again and was again refused by the same woman
When he was 80 he wrote that she had always been
in his thoughts since in youth she gave him a flower in
a green lane. And yet Bentham was a philosopher!
Grote, the historian, fared better. He married a
banker's daughter, after putting her through a strict
course of study, so that she could help him. And Bul
wer, whose beautiful and talented wife became so per
fectly furious against him that she interrupted a po
litical meeting where he was making a speech fared
worse.
fastened blouse, belted with dark red vel
vet ribbon, and having rows of narrow
red velvet ribbon on the short basque be
low the belt. A small angular plastron
of guipure lace over velvet is at the neck,
and above a velvet stock collar with a
white chiffon ruche. The sleeve has a
slight draped puff topped by a velvet
bordered cap. The skirt is untrimmed.
A poplin In shot pink and gray makes a
charming little reception gown, trimmed
with pink gauae ruches. Three of these
ruches are set in parallel scallops around
the bottom of the skirt. The waist Is
quite elaborate, made in a low-cut blouse
shape, slashed to the belt in front and
filled in with a guimpe composed of al
ternate gauze ruches and insertions. The
blouse front is embroidered with a de
sign of fuchsias, beaded and spangled.
The sleeves are of shirred gauze. On the
left side of the front is a cerise velvet
ribbon knot with a steel buckle, connect
ing by a band of the ribbon to a belt to
match.
A checked wool In green and a light
castor-color combined is a handsome ef
fect and serviceable. The skirt Is In one
of the flounced styles, having a very nar
row front breadth, with the upper p"art of
the sides and back fitted, and the lower
part joined on in a curved flounce grad
uating higher toward the back. A band
of dark green silk heads the flounce, and
another is put above. The side fastened
waist is pleated in toward the belt, but
not bloused. In the top is a guimpe of
castor-colored cloth with green silk folds,
and below the guimpe a triple scalloped
collar of cloth. The belt is of green
silk.
A child's frock of dark red cashmere
Is trimmed with narrow bias puffs of
black velvet. A puff is set around near
the top of the skirt to give the effect
of a flounce with a yoke top. The body
of the waist Is of accordion-pleated taf
feta, over which are mounted bretelle
shaped pieces of cashmere, edg^d with a
velvet puff; the sleeves also being of
cashmere.
another cause for unhappiness between them. Mrs.
Carlyle was very near a genius herself and almost as
"nervous as her fidgeting spouse. Once, while suffering
from headache, she threw her teacup at him, of course
with a very bad aim. And after her death, how the
Bad and lonely man missed her, and called on all the
world to miss her also, which was unreasonable.
Rubens' second wife, Helen Fourment, one of the
richest and most beautiful girls in all Flanders, sat
as his model for many of his best-known pictures.
Romney married at 22, left his wife to herself at 40
years while he painted the beautiful Lady Hamilton,
and when he was old and ill went back to his lawful
wife to be nursed and coddled for the rest of his ig
noble life.
Curiously musicians and composers seem usually to
make good husbands, in spite of their nerves. Wagner
was perhaps an exception, but even he behaved well to
the other man's wife — Bulow's — after they had rear
ranged their matrimonial bonds.
The most bitterly debated marriage ever made must
have been that of Martin Luther, whose wife used to
scold him heartily, though she had been a gentle nun.
Swift loved his Stella, was secretly married to her,
some say, and after he died a lock of her hair was
found in his desk, labeled "only a woman's hair."
Sterne was a mean and unfaithful husband, but In
general clergymen have been guilty of nothing worse
than nagging. Many have forgotten that Cardinal
Manning was once married before he left the English
Church. His wife died after four years of a very hap
py union. Whitfield's wife also died In four years,
somewhat to his relief, as he confessed, though she was
too good for him, and heartened the poor spiritless
fellow by sea and on land as best she could. Once
when a mob began throwing stones at him she stood
at his side shouting: "Now, George, play the man for
God!"
And again when they were bound for Georgia and
an enemy was about to attack the ship, the stout
hearted woman made cartridges while her husband
trembled and confessed his fears.
Mrs. John Wesley was a woman of quite another
sort; indeed, she was a terror, and went on occasions
even as far as hair-pulling, for which the saintly life
of her spouse certainly gave little provocation.
Lawyers have had their share of marriage tribula
tions. Bacon and Coke were rivals for the hand of a
lady who chose the latter and made him desperately
unhappy.
Published by the Frederick A. Stokes Co. ~tr*W ' i
THE MOODUS NOISES.
It is stated that the disturbances of the lower Con
necticut Valley, which produce what from early colo
nial times have been called the "Moodus Noises,"
have begun again, after a period of rest of twelve
years.
BOMAN RIBBON JTIE D IN LATEST ST7L&
MORE MASCULTN'R RFFECT.
For twenty years, up to 1729, the villagers of th«
town of East Haddam heard these noises almost con
tinuously. The Rev. Mr. Hosmer, In a letter written
August 13, 1729, says, in speaking of the phenomenon!
""Whether it be fire or air distressed in the subterrane
ous caverns of the earth cannot be known; for there
is no eruption, no explosion perceptible, but by sounds
and tremors, which are sometimes very fearful and
dreadful. I have myself heard eight or ten sounds
successively, and imitating small arms, in the space
of five minutes. I have, I suppose, heard several hun
dreds of them within twenty years; some more, some
less terrible. Sometimes we have heard them almost
every day, and great numbers of them In the space of
a year. Oftentimes I have observed them coming
down from the north, imitating slow thunder, until
the sound came near or right under, and then there
seemed to be a breaking like the noise or a cannon
shot or severe thunder, which shakes the houses and
all that is in them."
The center from which the noises proceed seems
to be Mount Tom, situated at the junction of Moodus
and Salmon rivers. The severest shocks have been
felt as far northeast as Boston and as far southwest
as New York, and have there been noticed as earth
quakes. In 1816 and 1817 these noises were more than
usually loud. On the recent recurrence there was a
sound resembling a clap of thunder, rollowed for a
couple of hours by a roar like the echoes of a distant
cataract. A day later there was heard a crashing
sound like that of heavy muffled thunder, and a roar
not unlike the wind in a tempest. The ground was so
shaken as to cause a rattle as though an earthquake
were in progress.
The Indians, familiar with these noises long be
fore the advent of the whites among them, called the
region now embraced in the town of East Haddam,
and particularly that situated in the vicinity of Mount
Tom, Matchemadoset, or "at the place of bad noises."
This name, corrupted and contracted Machamoodus,
and finally to Moodus, gives name to a branch of
Salmon River and to a manufacturing village. The
region where these subterranean disturbances have
occurred from time immemorial is one of deformed
crystalline rock.
THE CATACOMBS LIGHTED BY ELECTRICITY.
The visitor to Italy complains of modern steam
tug 9on the Grand Canal in Venice and the new
fangled ideas of cleanliness in the streets of Naples
and the new quarters in Rome, but the height of the
prosaic seems to have been reached with the illumina
tion of the catacombs by electric light. No more dim
distances, in which one must take care not to be lost,
no more monk guides, holding lighted tapers, no more
darkness, mystery and imagination. This being the
feast of St. Cecilia, says the Rome correspondent of
the Pall Mall Gazette, the catacombs of St. Calixtus,
where the Roman virgin was buried in 177 A. D., were
for the first time all glowing and glaring with thou
sands of electric globes illuminating even the most
remote corners, and giving to the whole a mundane
jrather than a mystic air.
2526
BOYS AND GIRLS' PAGE.
GRANDPA'S VALENTINE.
H"X 7'ES." paid grandpa, "there is
\/ one valentine that I would
V like, and that would be a mes
sage bringing news of my
-*- brother Ned. Poor boy," he
mused. "I have not seen him since we
parted at Marysville, nearly forty
years ago."
"Where did he go?" asked Thornton
Graham, a bright boy of 16. "Have you
never heard from him since, grand
pa?"
"I have never heard from him and
suppose that he is dead long ago," and
grandpa sighed heavily.
"When is your birthday, grandpa?"
"It falls on Saint Valentine's day."
Thornton Graham said nothing more,
but went out c-f the room. Then he
carefully studied the list of vessels to
arrive. When he had done this he went
to the Merchants' Exchange on Cali
fornia street and asked many ques
tions. The answers seemed to satisfy
him, and he left the exchange, whist
ling merrily and so preoccupied that
he did not notice his father, who
passed him. smiling.
"•Have y< -u been buying a ship,
Thornton?" he asked.
Thornton looked up suddenly and
was confused. "Please, papa, don't
ask any questions."
But from that time on for some days
Thornton was ill at ease. He was the
first to get the morning and evening
papers. He spent all his leisure ask
ing questions of men interested in
shipping and in scanning the bulletin
board at the Merchants' Exchange
that told of the latest arrivals by sea.
One day when he was in school a
messenger inquired for him. He went
to hfs teacher and asked to be excused
at once.
"On what account?" the teacher
asked.
He whispered earnestly to the teach-*
er, who excused him. The other pupils
In the school noticed that the teacher
was pleased all the remainder of the
day.
Meanwhile Thornton walked rapidly
to the water front and the messenger,
•who continued with him, spoke to a
boatman, who at once invited Thornton
to get into his boat. A few minutes
later Thornton was by the side of a
newly arrived ship, that had come in
from Sydney, N. S. W. Hardly was he
over the side of vessel when he saw an
old gentleman talking with the master.
He walked rapidly to them and said:
"I am Thornton Graham."
"And I," said the old gentleman in
response am "
"Hush," said Thornton.
Grandpa's birthday arrived, and the
family gathered to celebrate it. There
•were young and old, all of whom came
to the sturdy and kind old California
pioneer.
"But where Is Thornton?" asked
grandpa.
"He is here," answered Thornton,
who had just entered, "and I have
taken the liberty to bring a gentleman
■who resides In Australia, and who says
that he knew you in the early days in
California."
When the boy stopped speaking, he
brought forward the old gentleman
whom we have seen on the deck of the
ship from Australia.
"Bless the Lord," ejaculated grandpa,
w-hile his face was pale and red by
turns, and his eyes were filled with
tears, "it is Edward, who has come
back to me after nearly forty years."
"It is indeed Ned," responded the
stranger, "and I must say that your
eyesight remains good, for I am
changed in appearance."
What a happy and merry party that
was at dinner. Grandpa and Uncle Ned
had to sit side by side and they fre
quently stopped to throw their arms
around each other and to laugh and
cry, and all the others were compelled
to laugh or cry with them.
Then Thornton told his story. He had
seen an Australian paper containing an
advertisement signed by Uncle Ned,
asking for information concerning
grandpa. He had entered into corre
spondence and had assured Uncle Ned
that grandpa was alive. Then Uncle
Xed made haste to visit San Francisco.
Thornton demanded as his reward for
bringing the two brothers together that
Uncle Ned should not make himself
known till grandpa's birthday. Grandpa
had to hug Thornton repeatedly and so
did Uncle Ned.
"I'll answer you, now, papa," said
Thornton, "about buying a ship."
"No need of an answer, Thornton.
My blessing upon you."
Uncle Ned explained. He had come
from Marysvllle to San Francisco in
the early days and had been kidnaped
to serve on a ship bound for Australia.
Before he had time to return he heard
that grandpa was dead, and for many
years he thought him to be dead. But
one day he advertised and from it came
the reunion of the two brothers.
"Thornton," said grandpa after din
ner, "you have brought me the best
valentine on earth. You could not have
done better if you had been Saint Val
entine."
A DOG THAT HAS
A SENSE OF HUMOR,
The pet of the Potrero Police Station
is a little wire-haired terrier dog named
Keys. Where he came from nobody
knows. Like Topsy, he "just come."
Keys' first appearance at the station
was five years ago, and a more ragged,
half-starved, miserable beast could not
have been found in seven counties. Lieu
tenant G. W. Bennett, then sergeant,
took pity on the poor little fellow and
fed him well, hoping that he would go
away with the next man who spoke
kindly to him. Not so. Keys stayed
at the heels of his benefactor and
would not be driven away. The first
performance of the little tramp was a
trick that gave him the name that has
always clung to him. Bennett was out
one nigh, and, when jumping over a
mud puddle, lost a bunch of keys and
his whistle, but he did not miss them
until he reached the station. Then he
was mad, for he knew where the keys
had been dropped.
In no good hunmr, he started for th«
THE VALENTINE DAY LARK OF THE BUMPKINS WITH THE GRANGER WHO IS HAVING SPORT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1898.
place where ho had jumped the puddle,
but as he arose from his chair he no
ticed that the canine tramp held some
thing bright in his mouth. It was the
bunch of keys, and the stray was then
given his name, Keys. This act of in
telligence made him the favorite of the
men, and it was but a short time that
he was found to be very fond of play
ing ball. For hours Keys would run
and fetch the ball for anyone who
would play with him. Keys loved to
play ball so much that the boys of the
Potrero would ask to have him for a
mascot when they had a game to play
with some other club, and more than
once Keys was taken to Central Park
when the Union Iron Works team had
a game with the Pacific Rolling Mills
or the Butchertown teams, and Keys
was always on the winning side.
But Keys' last performance with the
ball turned out to be rather expensive
to his friend Bennett, as well as the
druggist who keeps the store on the
earner of Kentucky and Twentieth
streets. Lieutenant Bennett .went to
the store and bought the little dog a
fine rubber ball, which he took to the
station. The druggist thought to have
a joke on the police officer, and one
day he saw the dog lying on the side
walk and told him to go fetch the ball.
Keys, ready for play, rushed into the
station and in a moment was out with
the ball, which he gave to the drug
gist. After a short play the druggist
took the ball into the store and hid it.
A little later Lieutenant Bennett had to
buy a new ball, and the druggist sold
him the same article he had taken from
Keys. This fun was kept up for sev
eral days, every time selling the same
ball to the officer. After the officer had
bought that one ball eight times he
found out the trick that the druggist
had played on him and he resolved to
get even. One day he took Keys into
the store, when only the clerk was in,
and showed the little dog- where the
balls were kept and made him jump up
and get one.
Then the tables were turned. Twice
a day, when the druggist was out, Mr.
Bennett would send Keys after a ball,
and the dog always came back with a
new one. He would bring back big
ones and little ones, cheap balls and
high-priced ones, until the shelf over
the officer's locker was filled with
enough to stock a toy shop. The drug
gist raved and swore that the children
of the neighborhood were stealing from
him. To save some innocent child from
being unjustly accused Mr. Bennett at
last told the druggist of the way he
had turned the joke and how the dog
had helped him in the fun. As Mr. Ben
nett had had all the fun .he wished for
in this direction he gave back to the
druggist all the balls that Keys had
stolen, except the eight that had been
paid for. But poor Keys has to suffer
for all the fun he made for the others.
ROYAL AND THE RAIN.
By Relnhold Richter
The clouds were dark and heavy,
The rain came pattering down,
And Royal by the window
Gazed" out with pout and frown.
But, as he gazed out. quickly
His face grew bright with joy,
"Mamma says smiles are sunbeams" —
Mused thoughtful little Roy.
"Perhaps if I laugh softly
The big drops will not stay—
For sunshine always frightens
The naughty rain away."
I smiled to hear ray baby,
My baby man so wise.
But oh, in that brief moment
A wonder filled my eyes.
For, lo! a quivering sunbeam
Stole through the window pane.
"Oh. oh!" cried Royal gayly.
"I've laughed away the rain."
EDITED BY
DAVID H. WALK ER.
FUN BY THE POOL,
A Berkeley frog sat on a rock and
talked to his wife, who was hiding
among the bullrushes. Two little chil
dren, a boy and a girl, walked hand in
hand toward the frog pond.
"Do see those funny creatures — walk-
Ing on their hind legs," said Mr. Frog.
"Funny? I should say so," answered
Mrs. Frog, "and hear what queer noises
they make with their mouths. Now, I
don't believe that they could sing a
frog serenade or love song to save
them."
"No, Indeed; and they don't know
The Grizzly Bears
Valentine
Little girl, sweet little gjrj; my love. growl prithee hear. (ffk2
Be thou my honeyed|V^i^i^ ( Oh^prny dearest dear! - <^i^\
Unhandsome— yet my -hcarris ; bra^gfX' r|dugHH^King am IJSJT^
My throne is the'^^raTvHear my h^fd^eagles^yT^- ;
•Lord of the Ni^tpt^rflii^.foresjt^aisl^roy glan&e oft fiercely shines—
I'll hunt iort\)e? anW^^lJf^Se a\<sifce%.amonk the pines.
I have [^palace but {die woods: but^ejmt^il ar^they
WheTi^thejCivesJhe^a-rfl^rfrost king ma)ceXh brave and gay;
And vSrW^fhg^jlo\vers^ulcet'bells^f^y^ch^ie in odorous dells, ;
NectarJ|?^ees^Mkdraw for tbe^.\to vl|'|Hvaxenv I |'|Hvaxen cells
No?: ale ™^\T^^ I filled with woe!
Will no^S^^^^Ml^\wvbAmjlrj^ t^h ! say not no.
i wish airline girl^vVre;;/)rre^'jhe^'re%ood enough'
But I'd not eat them.^^^o^^^fj^ I'd speak them fair and sweet
■Such .pity in them all dot dwell CJtfrc^iiave me— tho' a dunce.
Knd then, what fun 'twould be for m^^~hmg them all at once I "
even as much as a tadpole, for they
don't know how to swim. I saw one
of them fall into the pond, and it
couldn't get out, and a bigger animal
that walked on Its hind legs had to
come and pull it out to keep it from
drowning."
"See what funny rough skins they
wear; not much like our party dresses
of emerald green, with the white waists,
that we wear common — every day."
By this time the little boy and girl
had reached the edge of the pond and
the little girl said:
"What funny, awkward looking frogs.
Such great big mouths and staring
eyes. Their legs are so short that they
cannot run about and play — just only
hop — ami they are muddy all the time.
I'm glad we are not frogs."
"That is so," answered little Toddle
kins. The boy and girl walked away,
laughing, and the frogs laughed, too.
CRUISE OF THE CALIFORNIA.
(Synopsis of preceding chapters.— The army
of savages commanded by Blnnle marched to
the Marwipe River and there waited for the
skull-hunters to cross the river, under the
command of Ghocr-Ghee-Tee, to attack them.
Binnie led 10,000 savages to battle. They were
driven back by the superior numbers of the
skull-hunters, but returned to the attack, un
der Blrmie's leadership, on the folllowlng day.
At an opportune moment, Kemona, who has
seen the war canoes coming at a- distance on
tha river, hastens forward, tells Mr. Ostend
(for he was in command of the war canoes,
having taken boats at the place where ho
could no longer sail the California) of the
need of his presence on the battle-field. Soon
after the roar of the machine-gun which had
been taken from the California la heard, and
the hosts of Ghoor-Ghee-Tee melt away be
fore Its iron rain. With Mr. Ostend are Bin
nie s five boy friends, all California boys, and
also his father and some friendly savages
whom Mr. Ostend has persuaded to row tha
canoes up the river for him. Ghoor-Ghee-Tee
has run away with the savages of his tribes
and his power is broken, so much so that the
white men will have no troble in marching
across his country to go to the land of the
Afarkise. where the white captive. King, to
rescue whom the white men cama to New
Guinea, will be found surrounded by his sub
jects, who are also his captors.)
I WILL, not take your time to read
about how the white men crossed
the land of the akull hunters, nor to
relate the small skirmishes that
took place with the Afarkise.
Throughout that hard journey, filled
with privations, the six California boy 3
showed that they were worthy to have
been selected to undertake the most
daring of adventures. They grew
hardier and braver constantly, and
more competent to look out for them
selves.
Binnie's army melted away In the
land of Ghoor-Ghee-Tee, for the sav
ages were nearly all thieves, and the
chance they had to steal the cattle and
other wealth of the skull -hunters was
more than they could resist. They de
serted and left Binnie with only Koti,
of all their number, to remind him of
his life among and his command over
them. So there were only ten persona
in the party who were now to try to
carry away a King from his people.
These were Mr. Ostend, Binnie's
father, Binnie and the five other brave
California boys, faithful Kemona and
Koti, the savage chief who had been
second in command of Binnie's savage
army. They were in a land filled with
thousands of savages, any one of whom
would have taken their lives for a
much smaller cause than the secret one
for which they had journeyed.
Koti was the guide of the party. He
was ordered to take them to the chief
village of the King by the shortest
way. He led them, after many days,
to the top of a lofty table mountain.
Their eyes sa.w a great valley, sur
rounded on all sides by steep moun
tains.
"How much further have we to go?"
asked Mr. Ostend.
"The King's village is In that valley."
"Is there a trail down from here?"
"No, we must travel four days' march
to reach the only place where the na
tive can enter."
"Koti," asked Mr. Ostend, "do you
think that we are going to climb over
these mountains many miles, when the
king's village is just below us?"
"What else can we do?" asked Bln
nie.
"Do you see these great leaves?
They are tougher than the stoutest
cloth, and yet you see that they are
very thin.
"Well?"
"You spoke yesterday of the sticky
gum of what you called glue trees."
"What has all that to do with us?"
"We are going down into the valley
from here to-morrow, and in para
chutes. Of course they will be larger
than any parachute you have ever seen,
but we shall surprise the natives, ana,
if I am not mistaken, we shall make a
favorable impression upon them, for
our descent will be sensational ."
All day the party worked under the
direction of Mr. Ostend, and the result
was the production of four enormous
sheets of cloth-like substance, of great
strength. The next morning the party
were early astir. Out of the grass they
wove baskets, and to these attached
ropes, which they also mad\ When
they rested for dinner, which consisted
of mountain trout and wild strawber
ries, they had in prospect a great sail
through the air. Three boys were to
ride in each of the last two parachutes
to go. The other two were to be occu
pied by Mr. Ostend and Kemona and
Mr. Lane and Koti.
A light wind was setting from the
mountain top toward the valley, and
on this the four parachutes were
floated. It must be confessed that the
boys and also Koti were a little
alarmed as they found themselves
adrift in the air so far above the val
ley. For giant trees in the valley were
to their eyes not taller than small
bushes, and thousands of savages, who
were watching the strange objects that
were coming through the air toward
them, looked to be not larger than in
sects when the air carriages first left
the level of the lofty table mountain.
The wind, blowing without variation,
carried all the parachutes in the
same direction and to about a uniform
distance from the summit. Below the
summit the air was very still, and the
four parachutes settled In a cluster,
like a flock of four strange and huge
birds. Such they appeared at first to
the ignorant savages to be. But as
they drew nearer a great shout ran
around among the savage throng:
"See the flying houses coming from
the sky!"
At a word from Mr. Ostend the ten
men began to fire their revolvers in
the air and kept up a steady fusillade,
so that to the savages it was as if
from the flying houses fountams of
fire were shooting toward the sky and
that the sky was thundering.
From thousands of grass-thatched
huts the savages were poured out, as
from a huge ant hill — thousands and
thousands of black savages. They
climbed to the tops of a semi-circle
of hills that rose above their village,
and there awaited with curiosity and
fear for the flying houses to touch the
earth.
Silent they were as statues until
they saw in the flying houses white
men. Then they wailed, for their
great witch doctor had said that never,
until white men should come from
the sky, should their great white king
be taken from them. And now the
white men had come, surounded with
the thunders and the lightning of the
skies, and they saw their hour of
doom, for the witch doctor had aJso
said that with the departure of th*
king would come about the ruin of the
land and the people.
But, among the throng was the white
King, and he saw and knew that the
letter that he had sent forth in a san
dal wood box had reached brave men
and that before his eyes were those
who had risked a horrible death in a
strange and savage land to save him
from captivity, and to restore him to
his own people. He was so moved with
gladness that he could hardly refrain
from showing it.
A shout from the savage multitudes
was raised as the parachutes touched
the hilltops.
Forth came tha Great Witch Doctor
and stood before the people. "The
hour has come," he said. "Prepare to
lose your King and your land."
Then arose from all sides a cry of
rage, such a cry as can only come from
a great multitude — from a multitude of
savages in extreme wrath.
Dusky hands were placed on bow
strings and threatening looks were on
the faces of the savages. One false
move on the part of Harry Ostend
would have ruined all. One moment
and the white men would be annihi
lated. Only superstition kept the sav
ages in awe for an instant.
Never was Harry Ostend cooler and
more completely master of his nerves
than he was then, in the greatest dan
ger the party had so far met. He saw
that he must win the day by a strata
gem—but by what?
Slowly and coolly, while arrows ana
darts were leveled in the direction of
his party, and thousands of eyes glared
hostility at him, he poured from his
liquor flask a quantity of spirits into a
cup and dropped in the spirits a light
ed match. When the liquor blazed up
he threw the liquid upon the grass.
"The white men can burn water."
shrieked the affrighted savages, "and
see, the water sets fire to the world."
Then the savages fled in all possible
haste before these strange men who
might burn up the world. Nor did
they stop running until they were In
their village nor until the witch doctor
had told them that there they were
safe. D. H. W.
(To Be Continued.)
GOODEST OLD DOCTOR,
The goodest old doctor came when we
were sick —
That is, dolly was sick, and me.
When I ran out my tongue ho said,
very quick,
"You'll need lemonade, that I can
see."
And he sounded like fairies I've heard
in my dreams,
When he said, "Don't forget to take
chocolate creams.
"Tour pulse beats so fast that fresh
caramels I
"Shall prescribe, also peppermint
drops.
"Take buttercups, Ice cream and cocoa
nut pie,
"And cream soda, until the pain
stops."
Then I ran out my tongue for my
dolly. Said he:
**Glve her some of the same; tea
same symptoms I see."
Well, the dolly, you know, was sick
only in play;
And she really can't talk, drink or
eat.
But I took enough medicine for dolly
that day—
And for me, too — pie, cakes, candies
sweet.
I was doctored for both, and the
queerest thing still
Is that dolly is well but her mamma
is ill!
THE WEDDING OF
THE WILD FLOWERS,
I was walking along a Californlahill
side and stopped to admire a young
eucalyptus tree that was pranked out
in all its beauty. I heard a voice that
came from the eucalyptus. It said
plainly, "There is going to be a wed
ding."
That seemed a queer thing for a
tree to be talking about, but the birds
talk so much about love in their nests
that the trees have a chance to learn
much.
In a sunny hollow there were some
buttercups in blossom, among the
grass, and they were all aflutter with
the news, which they were talking
over.
Just then the wind, which had never
done anything the like before, so far
as I knew, said several times "Amen,
amen, amen."
"Ha, ha!" laughed the California
quail, "the wind is going to be the par
son to marry the California poppy and
the blue chicory, and he is practicing."
So it was. Hidden behind the shel
tering screen of manzanita trees I
was able to see all. The bride was the
California poppy and her bridal dress
was as radiant as the most glorious
sunset. The bridegroom was a tall,
graceful chicory blossom.
The wind was the first to kiss the
bride after the wedding. Then the
stately chicory bent over, at the sug
gestion of the wind, and touched his
lips to the bride's glowing face. This
was some years ago. Since then the
chicory and the poppy families have
lived closely together, and many, have
been the weddings.
GOLDILOCKS AND JACK,
C. M. D., 2311 Jackson street, San Fran
cisco, writes: My little brother and I are
very much interested in the new storiea
that are going to be in The Call. My
brother prefers "Jack the Giant Killer"
to anything else, and I prefer to hear
what happened to Goldilocks after she
ran away from the three bears. I am
very anxious to hear how the bears got
loose after Goldilocks nailed them to the
bed post and if she had any more ad
ventures; and if she married a prince,
and how many children she had. Did she
always ha\ - e the same curly, golden hair,
like that she had when she was a little
girl? And was the prince nice? And did
he live In a golden palace, with diamond*
and rubies and all kinds of beautiful
stones in It? And was all the furnitur*
gold and silver? Did he own a. lot of
land? And was Goldilocks a good, kind
queen? I hope to know all this In a lit
tle time, for I am very fond of Goldi
locks.THE GOOD COON SONG,
THE BAD COON SINGER, AND AN
EMOTIONAL COMEDIAN.
Perhaps influenced by May Irwin I
used to think that what is called the
viodern coon song was entirely the in
vention of the white person and that
only the white person could sing it with
he real fancy flavor and the light
pumpkin-colored insinuation. We live
and learn. Here at the California are
the Black Patti's variegated trouba
dours singing coon songs for all the
earth as well as any imitation coons
ever dared to do, with just as much
Hash-nigger swagger and crappy enter
prise and emancipated move-on, and
ten times as much inspired ginger in
the choruses. There is no reason why
the modern coon shouldn't do this, but
it la none the less surprising that he
noes. There is no constitutional reason
that I know of why the colored person
should not sing in any kind of music
as lovely and facile a note as the white
person, but did you ever hear a coon
who could sing real music, who had in
his or her voice a quality that, for ail
its occasional hints of sweetness and
sympathy, did not suggest to you dark
Darwinian thoughts on the origin of
species?
• • •
There is still remotely extant a super-
JESSIE BARTLETT DAVIS, With the Bostonians.
etition that negroes_are_singer3, but I
have yet to hear the first of these noc
turnal song birds, for whom the nation
pplit and bled, warble in more than
three removes from the crow. Take
Sissieretta Jones, the prima donna so
prano assoluta of the race, a woman
whose voice is fairly educated, who
phrases with some skill, who has a
long range and no end of suppleness —
take Sissieretta and paint her white
and try her out somewhere seriously,
and do you think she would pass mus
ter? Never. It is not because Sissier-
Ptta is black — or I should say black and
blue, since she will sprinkle cornstarch
on that proud, onyx complexion of
hers— that she la not a valuable vocal
ist: it is only because she is black that
6he should be encouraged to sing at
all. A few more Black Pattis might
eventually lift the hoodoo from the
coon voice.
• * •
Anyway, it is an experience to hear
these troubadours sing the modern
coon songs, which were originally writ
ten in caricature of the peacocky
"cullud" personality, as cleverly as
white people sing them, and to know
that come of the very best of them
are written afid composed by Ernest
Hogan, a negro. Hogan wrote that
ragtime masterpiece, "All Coons Look
Alike to Me," and until you hear the
author sing it you will never know
the true essence of the song. He makes
drama of it, gives it with fervid decla
mation, subtle emphasis, grotesque se
riousness and all the essentials of coon
character. He Is really a colored Chev
alier, and it is pleasing to learn from
the newspapers that his diamonds are
properly authenticated, and that he is
rich. Let Hogan write the nation's
coon songs, and he need not care who
compiles the American symphonies. I
daresay, Dr. Dvorak would drop dead
of gout were he offered anything like
the net royalties of his coon contem
porary.
• • •
Another Hogan gem of latter day folk
song is "What you gwine to tell Massa
Peter when he meets you at the gate?"
The refrain is quite banally Caucasian,
but the song proper, which is written
In the recitation style, with long, urgent
pauses on the chord of the tonsorial
seventh, is tremendously impressive
and full of character to the last note.
.Ari'3 there are several other good ones
by the same glittering hand, including
"Pas-Ma-La, " a fine rag ripple, that
was first heard here in "Gay Coney Is
jand," and "Honey, You Made a Hit
Witb Me," a flash gem of the first wa
ter, with a refrain that is immediate
and lasting.
• * •
Taken all through Sissleretta's show
is too good to miss. It is entirely un
iike anything else that ever happened;
it is quick and varied, and if yuu don't
care for the grand operatic convul
sion that closes it you are not obliged
to stay. 1 find this last part enter
taining, even if not quite what you
would call convincing. The coons are
very arrogant and "pahticulah"
dressed as Dooks and Princes and
Princesses and Duchesses and courtiers
BY ASHTON STEVENS.
and ladies of the courts of all nations.
Only it seems to me a trifle Inconsis
tent for Othello to wear his face black.
• * •
If you can stand another laugh after
seeing the coons I would recommend
the Alcazar's "Charley's Aunt"—espe
cially Mr. Paulding as the "aunt." I
have seen this British farce several
times before without experiencing any
notable hilarity, but the other night at
the Alcazar it gave me tears of Joy.
The Alcazar's production never was
intended to be as funny as it is — it
couldn't have been. Much was hoped
for in Mr. Paulding, but no one could
have foretold the exorbitant delight
that was to be got from him in the
part of "Auntie." His clinging, emo
tional nature, his wild eye, and his
most soprano wail are given full vent
in the extravagances of this part, and,
although I never saw Mr. Paulding in
the role of Romeo, I will take oath that
this is the funniest thing of his life.
Several of my colleagues, I notice, are
advising Mr. Paulding to modify his
acting. Heed them not, Mr. Paulding;
modification would spell your ruin. If
you can continue Auntie at this gait
you etand a good chance of distancing
the run of "The First Born.
ASHTON STEVENS.
JHE OUJEJ* WOpLD.
|JeWs arvd Gommervt of Distant
piays and . players.
In New York the row over "The
Tree of Knowledge" continues, and
Daniel Frohman's Lyceum Theater
flourishes like a green bay. Aiming
point blank at William Winter, the se
verest denouncer of Mr. Carton' 3 play,
the Herald says that from the tone of
some of the tearful remarks that have
been dropped into the columns of the
newspapers in connection with the
"Tree of Knowledge," at the Lyceum,
it would seem that some old gentle
man who wandered into that play
house last Monday evening must have
been laboring under the impression
that Mr. Daniel Frohman is running a
Sunday school instead of a theater at
his Fourth Avenue house.
The Herald says that "The Tree of
Knowledge" is not intended for kin
dergarten consumption, and that the
stage has the same privilege as the
pulpit to discuss and lay bare social
errors and human frailties to which
men and women are prone.
Dignified Mr. Sethmar of the Times
writes that no one but a fool or a libi
dinous weakling ever called "Othello"
or "Measure for Measure" immoral,
and only such persons could seriously
regard Mr. Carton's play as immoral.
It treats, to be sure, not very frankly,
but with a strong sense of pictorial
effect and considerable emphasis, of fe
male depravity and the evil influence
of a wanton woman, and it is offered
as entertainment for old and young.
in ''inclusion, Mr. Sethmar says:
"1 have frequently expressed my
sympathy with those ministers of the
guspt>l who, holding earnestly that
man's sole duty on earth is to prepare
for the hereafter by repentance, hu
mility, self-denial and good deeds,
have cried out against the theater. I
warmly uphold the course of parents
who, desiring their children to know
as little as possible of sin and passion,
keep them away from the playhouse.
But this is apart from the Question.
Habitual theatergoers will find noth
ing indecent in Mr. Carton's play."
In London Ferdinand Gottsohalk du
plicated his American success in
"Never Again." He has just sailed to
rejoin the American company at New
Fork.
It. is declared that Fanny Davenport,
not certain as to the reception that
awaits her forthcoming production of
Sardou's "Thermidor," and desirous of
having another play less familiar than
the Sardou melodramas in which she
has been appearing for the past dozen
years, is making efforts to secure
"Madame Sans-Gene," now that Kath
ryn Kidder has announced her retire
ment from the stage.
Miss Gertrude Coghlan, the 18-year
old daughter of Charles Coghlan, plays
the part of Juliet to her father's Romeo
in the balcony scene which Mr. Cogh
lan has introduced in the fourth act
of his new adaptation of Dumas' play,
"Kean," to which he has given the title
"The Royal Box." A rather notewor
thy feat is that of a father acting Ro
meo to his own daughter's Juliet.
Paul M. Potter, in speaking of the
accusation that he has borrowed scenes
THE SA"N FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1898.
'The Conquerors" from Sardou's
"La Haine," calls attention to the fact
that similar charges were made against
Sardou in reference to "La Haine,"
and that the French playwright re
marked in reply that "dramatic art
consists less in the choice of subject
than in the original treatment by which
the subject is rejuvenated, and that
there were never two dramatic works
of which criticism could s .y that they
sprang fully armed from their author's
brain and owed nothing to anybody
else."
That Ingenuous mixture of "The
Rivals," "The Love Chase," "Lon
don Assurance" and several other old
comedies which Eugene Presbrey was
pleased to call "A Virginia Co-urtship"
and an original play by himself when
William H. Crane, first produced it here
at the Baldwin, has been presented in
New York, with the following belated
statement on the programme:
"Evolving the scenes and incidents
around which 'A Virginia Courtship' is
built, the author has humbly tried to
follow the models and in some respects
has copied the personages made famil
iar in the old comedies, which are des
tined to live and be popular as long as
the English language is spoken."
Pinero's new comedy, "Trewlawney
of the Wells," has been favorably re
ceived at the Court Theater, London.
The action of the play is laid in the
early sixties, and it is notable that the
fashion in dress at that period has
been strictly adhered to. The story
tells of the infatuation of a young sprig
of the nobility for a popular actress of
the period, the former having proposed
and been accepted. He tells of the en
gagement to his noble father, who, hay-
H. S. NORTHRUP. MAUDE ALLISON. PHILIP CALVERT. HARRY CORSON CLARKE.
ing been through the pace himself, does
not threaten him with disinheriting if
he persists in marrying the actress,
but instructs his son to bring his pros
pective, bride to spend a few weeks at
the paternal mansion. The actress con
sents to the agreement, and she is soon
an honored guest in the family circle
of her betrothed. For the first few days
the change of life and the convention
alities and usages of society prove a
novelty and surprise to her, but the
longing for her former companionship
and the more or less free-and-easy life,
with its unconventional manners, soon
makes itself manifest. She becomes
restless and irritable, and her fiance
seeks to fathom her trouble. She re
ally loves the young man and tries to
overcome her desire to return to her
old bohemian life. Do what she will,
she cannot overcome it, and at last
tells her lover that she could not be
happy in society with all its environ
ments, and the engagement is broken.
Miss Minnie Seligman-Cutting, after
an absence of three years from the
stage, made her debut in vaudeville
at Proctor's Twenty-third Street Thea
ter last Monday in W. S. Gilbert's one
act drama, "Comedy and Tragedy,"
with a supporting company of fifteen,
including Richard Ganthony and J.
Lester "Wallaek. The latter is a grand
son of the famous actor of that name.
Maurice Barrymore will appear in his
AMUSEMENTS.
JRIEOIANOEH GOTIIOB ac?iiss«i a~wA»u»
Built for Fun. On a Foundation of Hilarious
Complications.
To-night and for One Week • More!
Harry Corson Clarke,
And His Own Excellent Comedy Company, In
George 11. Broadhurst's Farce,
"WHAT HAPPENED TO JONES."
CYTDfI! MONDAY. . .
cAIK/A! February 21,
The Accomplished Actress,
MARIE
WAINWRIGHT!
In. the New Domestic Drama Called
SHALL WEJORGIVE HER ?
SEATS READY NEXT THURSDAY. /
fEIDIAWCLfi GOTUOB & 08 U!stii*-.«u«
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME. -
THE GIRL FROM PARIS!
' To-Morrow— THE BOSTONIANS in •
"THE SERENADET
%aG/orrttci cffiiaXrk
IRIEDLANOEB GOTUOB a C'uiiu* »««*«»
To-night and All Next Week. % .
BLACK PATH TROUBADOURS!
NEW FEATURES -
COON SONGS i V / ; COON COMEDY
JUBILEE SHOUTS - OPERATIC .REVIEWS
. v ; METROPOLITAN. '. EM.;C : V;' i
TWO NIGHTS— Tuesday , and Wednesday, Feb-
ruary 15 and : IC. .■ R. $E. PEART. Civil Engi-
neer •■• U. S. N. The greatest .explorer; living.
Will graphically describe his experience in. the
far North. Illustrated with V*i lantern view*.
Beats now! ready at Sherman, • Clay & Co.'a.
original character In "The Heart of
Maryland" when the play is produced
at the Adelphi, London.
Ba!dWir\.
With every prospect of a brilliant
season the Bostonians open at the
Baldwin to-morrow night in their new
opera, "The Serenade," the book by
Harry B. Smith, the music by Victor
Herbert.
The story of "The Serenade," like
that of "Manon," is closely identified
with a certain melody, which, in vari
ous forms, recurs throughout the piece.
Dolores, a beautiful young lady of rank,
flirts with a handsome barytone of the
Royal opera, Alvarado. The Duke of
Santa Cruz, the guardian and fiance of
Dolores, is extremely jealous of her un
known admirer, whom he has deter
mined by means of a serenade. He has
Dolores taken to a castle in the moun
tains, but the barytone follows the
party and is ensconced in the household
disguised as a cook. A broken-down
tenor and a stage-struck tailor who
have been indulging in the self-same
serenade are captured by the Duke's
minions, and he, mistaking the tenor
for Alvarado, has him placed in dur
ance vile. The appearance of the tenor
in the tower frightens the natives and
an attack by brigands adds to the gen
eral excitement. Haunted by the sere
nade the Duke has his ward conveyed
to the convent <>f St. Ursula, which ad
joins the grounds of a monastery.
In the meantime, Alvarado, fleeing
from a former admirer, Yvonne, a dan
seuse, seeks refuge in the monastery,
and by a stratagem scales the walls
and discovers that Dolores is in the ad-
Joining garden. The Duke, appearing
on the scene again, is driven to a fren
zy by hearing the monks singing the
serenade, and with a detachment of the
guard breaks into the monastery, where
Dolores has retreated, disguised as a
boy. Many ludicrous complications
follow, ending, of course, in the happy
manner usual to comic opera.
Acts first and second are the same in
scene and depict a mountainous region
in Spain, the home of the "Royal Mad
rid Brigandage Association, Limited,"
with the haunted castle in the .fore
ground and the moonlit Sierras in the
background. There are glimpses of dark
ravines, the gurgle of swift, rushing
mountain streams, the bivouacs of
brigands and the harvpst festival of the
peasantry. Among the principal scenes
is that which shows the entrance of the
brigands, led by Mr. Ccrwles, the bri
gand chief Romero, who tells of their
With "What Happened to Jones," Columbia Theater.
I adventures and free life, "The Song of
■ the Carbine."
Following the brigand scene charac
• teristic music prepares the way for the
approach of the Duke (Mr. Barnabee).
1 the postilion (Mr. Mar-Donald) and Do
| lores (Jessie Bartlett Davis), who, sur
; rounded by the retainers at the castle,
j tell of their tribulations and hard
! travel. The introduction later of a
; comic trio in whlr-h appear a stage-struck
', tailor (Mr. Frothingham'* a broken
down tenor (Mr. Brown) and his
! daughter. Yvonne (Alice Nielsen) re
veals the little comedy and counter
: plot which is one of the main incidents
of the opera. The incarceration of the
tenor and his subsequent appearance
in the tower of the haunted castle,
drunk and attired as Mophistopheles,
brings on a concourse of peasants.
1 who, fleeing from the brigands and ter
rified by an approaching thunderstorm,
form a lively picture.
The. production is said to be one of
the most costly and artistic ever given
by the Bostonians.
'•Robin Hood" will follow later In the
engagement, and the final offering will
be the new version of ''Rip Van
Winkle."
Gaiiforma.
The engagement of Black Patti's
Troubadours at the California will close
USTAV V WALTER. Di rector General.
W/EEK COMMENCING MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1-4-th.
BRIGHTEST STARS OF" THE :, VAUDEVILLE FIRMAMENT.
AMERICA'S REPRESENTATIVE SOCIETY SKETCH ARTISTS, i"'\
FILSON & ERROL,
In Their New and Lively Comedietta, "A TIP ON THE DERBY."
Engagement Extraordinary of the ;
SIGNOR WANRELL-- OP s E A A R TT s lc --SIGNORA MAZZI
Basso from Royale Theater, Madrid. - Soprano from Teatro Seala, Milano.
. ' ■ INTRODUCING OPERATIC SOLOS AND DUETS. ■-'__
MAUD BEALL PRICE, I . ADELMAN AND LOWE,
' Descriptive Vocalist and Mimic. I ,;. Musical Specialists. - ; •■ ■ :
Return of the • /I I I*l « « g-" /> M/ : '-- German Comedian ; !
I 1 People's Favorite, At L iV IJL 25 *** JjL »nd Yodler. ,r
(7** T iI "V ~W\ TTE ! Assiited by • MLLE « CUVETTE,
Magic, Jugglery, Mental Phenomena and Silhouettes; .'*";■
FILLIS' 16 DOGS BROTHERS DAVVim
- '' V "The Canine Wonders. ; . '; V; " .'", r. ?: . ;, T ,- V Eccentrio Acrobats. '.. : ---': ■-•.-.
> 7 -^. yew^Soepes— /ITlf ERI Q A N 810 GRAPH— New Scenes. : ■•;..>:■;.
;■'•' •;■'* V ■'.' ..V--' ■■•■ :! -" '' Last Week :of the Reigning Sensation, ':/ : '.',,. ■~l'-'~ 1 '-' ■'.-. .. : ,
the c3-:r.:e.a.t gautier
'•. i. !. Introducing Two Horses During His Performance. , -, . ... ".'
MATINEE TO-DAY, Sunday^ Feb. I3i \ arq^tg{lSr^6f^^^^- 1Oc :
Last Appearance of GLOSS BROS., WILLIAMS & ADAMS, FRANCESCO 00LLEN2 and THE NAWNS.
".A' BUSH-ST. THEATER. "' :: . ';':' OLYMPIA — ', Corn^° f i^ 80 ? and:^ '
The Thalia German Hebrew Opera Company. The~~Most ; Beautiful Muster Hall 1 in "'America.
Wednesday and Sunday nights, February 9 and ' . BYROX " & BYRON. THE ; JACKSON'S.
13 J the greatest dramatic opera, THE ; PRIN- MABEL. LLOYD, = PURITA, HOWARD and . a
CESS 'OF JEHXJDA: Box office open s daily I great : olio by f artists. *,5, 5 Last day i of i JESSIE
from 10 a. m. to 5:30 p. m. : , " •■■ ■. MILLAR. 'Admission free. Matinee to-day.
a week from to-night, and it is safe to
vouchsafe that public interest in the
performances will be continued
throughout the coming week, when
there will be several additional feat
ures introduced, including new vocal
offerings by Black Patti, one or two
new coon songs by Ernest Hogan, and
some new ensemble numbers in the op
eratic kaleidoscope. The cake walk,
which has made a hit, will be continued.
The skit, "At Jolly Coon-ey Island" is
replete with real coon comedy, coon
songs, buck dances and jubilee shouts
and all the amusing traits character
istic of the colored people.
F. Marion Crawford will shortly ap
pear at the California In a series of
three lectures. The initial lecture will
have as its subject, "Pope Leo XIII in
the Vatican."
Golumbia.
"What Happened to Jones" was fully
detailed in yesterday's Call. The farce
is a ffood one, most happily free of vul
garity and smoothly and legitimately
constructed; and the company which
Mr. Clark has banded for its production
could hardly be better. The engage
ment is for all of this week, after which
the new star will begin his road sea
son at Denver, touring toward San
Francisco.
Following "What Happened to Jones"
the Columbia will offer Miss Marie
Wainwriarht in a melodrama of a prob
lematical nature entitled "Shall We
Forgive Her?"
The theater is prettier and snugger
than ever in its new dress.
Alcazar.
"Charley's Aunt" is packing the Al
cazar to the doors at every perform
ance, and will be continued until fur
ther notice. "The District Attorney"
AMUSEMENTS.
is to follow, and John Drew's old suc
cess, "The Butterflies," to follow that.
TiVoli.
"Said Pasha," which had its first suc
cess at the Tivoli, will be revived at
the popular opera house this week. Ed
win Stevens will have the part he cre
ated in the first production, that of- the
"Hadad," part man, part sailor, part
tramp and many parts a liar. Thomas
C. Leary will be Nockeye, his companion
in fun, and Arthur Donaldson the
Othello-like rajah.
The cast will also include Edith Hall,
as the Pasha's lively daughter Sere
na; Florence Wolcott, as the ideal
Queen of Altara, Alti; Tillie Salinger,
as Balah Sojah, her warlike step
mother; Phil Branson, as the Pasha;
John J. Raffael, the gallant young
lover, Hassen Bey, and Arthur Boyce,
the adventurous Mexican, Terano.
Morosco's.
Harry Mainhall will open his second
week at Morosco's as Colonel Kerchi
val West, in Bronson Howard's war
drama, "Shenandoah," which part
should furnish him a first-rate vehicle
for his melodramatic powers. "Shen
andoah," at Morosco prices, should
prove a big drawing card. A number
of new people have been added to the
cast, and the management promise an
elaborate presentation on the big stage,
especially of the scene overlooking the
Shenandoah Valley, during the rout of
the Union army, where the signaling
is done and Sheridan sweeps by on his
black horse, rallying the retreating
stragglers. Among, the new additions
to the company are A. L. Willard, Ben
jamin Hanlon, Lela Maye, Lulu Oro
and Queenie Purcell, the latter taking
the place of soubrette Mamie Holden.
All the old favorites are in the cast.
Orpheum.
Signor "Wanrell, from the Royal The
ater. Madrid, and Signora Mazzl, re
cently of the Del Conte Opera Com
pany, will appear at the Orpheum next
ALICE NIELSEN, With the Bostonians.
week in solos and duets from the stand
ard operas. Filso-n and Errol, who
played a very successful engagement a
little over a year ago, return with a
new comedy sketch entitled "A Tip on
the Derby." Adelman and Lowe will
appear in their musical specialties, and
Al Wilson, the German comedian and
yodler, returns for a one week's en
gagement prior to his departure for the
East. Maud Beall Price, monologue
entertainer, and who is said to be very
clever, will appear in character imper
sonations. The Great Gautier, whose
thrilling equestrian act has caused so
much talk, enters the last week of his
engagement, and will use two horses
at every performance, matinees in
cluded. The hold-overs include Fillis'
Canine Circus, the Damm Brothers, ec
centric acrobats, and Clivette, assisted
by Mile. Clivette, in an entire change
of programme.
Chutes.
The engagement of Chiquita, the mid
get, is drawing to a close at the Chutes,
and she will give her afternoon and
evening receptions but one week long
er. The bill in the Free Theater for
AMUSEMENTS.
AT CA7AR ALWAYS
t\L-t\*S r\JL4J-\£\ crowded
"TURNING 'EM AWAY." <j
To-Night, dtmirff!! I
• And All Next Week, ;|ittSwli^ j
V 111*1 IVJ, o , J^vt :«,Jm - J -
AII II I •• • *'fy^g\
THE CAT STILL LAUGHS.
PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c and 50c.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter M0r05c0........501e Lessee and Manager >
,' LAST TWO PERFORMANCES -OF
— THE UNKNOWN!"—
> , Commencing Monday, ■ : February 11,
.:;:-■'.-• • . Second Week of -, ? t
HfIRRY MAINHALL, '
In the Great War Drama. "SHEXAXDOAH.".
First production in '.this .•• city at popular
prices. : New people in the cast. Grand Stage
and Scenic -Effects.- . V '"
- 1 Evening Prices, 10c, 25c, GOc. •' Matinees Satur-
day and Sunday. ; . .;'.. . i ' ,
{RACING! RACING! , RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB—
Winter meeting, 1597-9S, Beginning: MONDAY,
February 7, to February 19, Inclusive. •
. . OAKLAND RACETRACK. ;, v
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY, FRIDAY ASD SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
RACES BTABT AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP. —
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m.
and 12:30. 1:00, 1:30, 2:00, 2:30 and 3 p. m.,
connecting with train stopping at the entrance
to track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell
Mound. Returning— Trains leave the Track at
4:15 and 4:45 p. m., and immediately after the
last race. THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., Pres.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
the coming week is unusually good, and
includes Montgomery and Farrell,
sketch team; the Friedlander brothers,
musical comedians; Dale and Dalton,
song and dance artists; Oro and Bell,
burlesque knockabouts, and Charles
Cass, black-face monologuist. The
Chuteoscope shows new pictures, and
the theater is comfortably warmed.
Olympia.
The Olympia Music Hall announces
several changes in its programme for
next week. Byron and Byron, dancing
soubrettes, will appear in their Eastern
successes. Others are: Mabel Lloyd,
comedienne and danseuse; the Jack
sc-ns. known as the "ebony laughmak
ers"; W. H. Howard, the comedian;
Signor Salvini, tenor from Covent Gar
den, London; Purita, the child sou
brette; Anna Killian, violin soloist, and
Ella Kirchner, in musical specialties,
and others.
Pear\j Lecture.
Lieutenant Peary, the famous Arctic
explorer, will lecture at the Metropoli
tan Temple on Tuesday and Wednes
day evenings. Lieutenant Peary's lec
tures are said to be extremely interest
ing. They are illustrated by ove*
100 sterertpticon views from photo-i
graphs taken while on his expedition.
Theatrical jMechamcs' Benefit.
The sixth annual benefit of the San
Francisco Lodge of the Theatrical Me
chanics' Association, the "men behind
the scenes," will, take place at the Co
lumbia Theater next Sunday afternoon
at 2 o'clock. Every theater in the city
will contribute something to the pro
gramme and everything from selec
tions from the Bostonians to song and
dance turns will be on the bill.
JYlusical.
Interest in musical circles in Oakland
at present is largely concerned with the
concert to be given Friday evening,
February 25, at the First Methodist
Church, by John W. Metcan, pianist,
and Alex. T. Stewart, conductor and
violinist, assisted by Mrs. Alfred Ab
bey, soprano, and an orchestra of
thirty-five players.
The members and friends of the
Musicians' Club will give a concert at
Sherman & Clay Hall on Wednes
! day evening.
The last of Anton Schott's song recit
i als takes place at the Association Audi
i torium on Friday evening.
Doubtless there will be a large au
dience at the Sherman & Clay Hall on
Tuesday evening, the occasion being
! Mrs. Carehmichael Carr's concert for
! the benefit of the Seamen's Institute.
j The programme is light and varied and
includes numbers by Fernando Mich
lena, Mrs. Walter McGavin, Frank
Coffin, Miss Hulda Anderson and the
Loring Clubs' double quartet. A spe
cial feature will be a number of "Chan
teys," sung by the seamer..
Llewelyn Hughes, son of D. P.
Hughes, the director of the Loring
Club, will be the violin soloist at the
next Loring concert, which takes place
at Odd Fellows' Hall on Wednes
day evening.
The friends and pupils of Louis Cre
poux will be glad to learn that he Is
entirely recovered from his recent ser
ious illness.
AMUSEMENTS
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mbs. Eknestixe Kkeling. Proprietor & Manager
! TO-NIGHT— TIME.
! The Merry Operatic j Fantasle, '
"THE PEARL OF PEKIN!"
'. TO-MORROW EVENING,
.. '.'Stahl's Oriental Opera,
"SAID PASHA!"
-•A". PERFECT CAST. • . '
Popular prices ........'.....'..... .250 and 800-
BOX OFFICE ALWAYS OPEN.
SHERMAN & CLAY HALL,
>; . 223 SUTTER STREET.
BENEFIT~CONGERT
— —TOR THE — — •
SEAMEN'S INSTITUTE,
■-.* • — ■ — -Given 'by „
I MRS. CARMICHAEL CARR.
I TUESDAY EVENING, FEB. 15, 8.15 o'clock.
| Admission,' 50c.  Reserved Seats, 75c. On
sale at Sherman & Clay's music store.
\ '..I:: ■- "■ ■■."• . /■■- "^ • - -.•
IS ABOUT TO LEAVE SAN FRANCISCO.
•• " ;■; '-'■ POSITIVELY LAST WEEK HERE.
* CHIQUITA
-THE; CHUTES
-Every Afternoon and Evening,
.;, ■ ' Rain or Shine.
."'. This 'Afternoon ' and Evening:. Festival •of
■...*■ .: THE , CELTIC ; UNION; i, ?:•
Address by Mayor Phelan and" Special Features.
10c to all,' including Vaudeville; Children, 6c.
""coming i , ;,
MARTEAU
> THE ■ GREAT FRENCH VIOLINIST.
DURING ' MARCH.
; Dates, place, . etc.', . in ; later, announcement*.
Direction: ; Henry Walfsohn. r i %&ffiJ&3l&ZWls
2728
TEACHERS AND SCHOOLS
OF CALIFORNIA
In a recent article on "Pictures for Our
Public Schools." M. G. Van Rensselaer of
New York speaks as follows: ' The ef
fort to increase the attractions and the
civilizing and educational influence of our
public school rooms by filling them with
good works of art has been prosecuted
along different lines in the various cities
and towns throughout the East. In New
■fork, with the hearty sanction of the
Board of Education, but with no money
save what came through private gifts,
the work of school decoration was begun
more than a year ago by the Public Ed
ucation Association. A special committee
on art was. appointed to attend to it. and
our chief and fundamental aim has been
to transform the barren, ugly, always
uninspiring and often actually repellent
public school room into an attractive
one which will cheer the eyes and spirits
of teachers and pupils; to make them
feel that they are not prisoners in dun
geons, but are at home in places planned
for their pleasure and benefit; to creato
rooms which will form happy and civil
ized contrasts, impossible of creation
elsewhere, to the squalid, dreary and
miserable surroundings, amid which a
very large proportion of our children
must live.
"The first step toward this end was
taken when the Superintendent of School
Buildings gladly promised that all school
interiors which required painting should
hereafter be colored in light, cheerful
tones, attractive in themselves, and fur
nishing good backgrounds for works of
art. The second step was to concentrate
our efforts in one school after another,
rather than to scatter pictures impar
tially through many schools.
"In selecting our works of art beauty is
our first concern. Nothing is approved
which is merely interesting by reason of
U^'e b S"rT m rily to bring; to bear the
refining, uplifting, inspiring influence of
beautiful lorms and. when Possible, of
beautiful colors, for we believe that this
influence is invaluable in the right devel
opment of young minds and spirits and
we know that a great majority of those
being trained in our public schools are. in
their own homes wholly outside its range.
To secure beauty we have chosen, or
course, many reproductions of the recog
nized masterpieces of painting, sculpture
and architecture. For VlßlfV 181 f" ce i°" e t frt°t m
in a boys' grammar-school is devoted to
Greek and Roman art. and another to
Medieval and Renaissance art, including
reproductions of buildings, statues and
paintings. Another room is given to lit
erature, as illustrated by portraits and
by pictures of the dwellings of famous
writers, and of scenes which they have
immortalized. The large assembly room
is" decorated with patriotic subjects—
traits of famous men in history and pic
tures of noted buildings."
1 have quoted at length from the above
article because I think it contains many
valuable suggestions for decoration that
might with pleasure and profit be carried
out. not only in San Francisco, but in the
primary, grammar and high schools
throughout the State. Far be it from me
to imply 'that the schools of our own city
are -barren, ugly, always uninspiring,
for many of them contain home-like
rooms that abound in pictures and plants,
and gay blackboard drawings, which are
artistic according to the taste of the
teacher.
But that there is still room for vast im
provement along this line, especially in
the poorer quarters of the city, no one
who aas given the matter attention can
doubt. Here one often sees large apart
ments entirely bare or boasting only a
few sickly plants. Small wonder that
such rooms are dreary and uninviting to
pupils and teachers alike. Let the teach
ers then bring pictures, if only cheerful
colored prints, which they themselves
have gathered or begged from friends.
FRATERNAL NEWS
MASONIC.
It has been decided that the entertain
ment and fair to be held under the aus
pices of the Masonic fraternity in aid of
the Masonic Widows and Orphans' Home,
now building at Deooto. Alameda County,
shall be held in the Mechanics' Pavilion
In the month of April and that it shall
last a week. It Is expected that about
$10,000 in aid of the building fund will be
raised in that manner.
ORDER EASTERN STAR.
Mission Chapter will give an experience j
*nd prize social on the evening of the 2lst \
Inst. Some time since the ladies of the j
chapter worked to raise a fund to pay for
the beautiful electric star in the center of
the chapter's hall and the ladles have
told in rhyme how each raised the mon
ey. These experiences have been printed
In the form of a booklet and will be dis
tributed on the evening named. A fine
programme will be presented, and then
there will be a dance. The affair will be
Invitational, and tickets can be obtained
from members only.
Harmony Chapter has arranged for a
party to be given on the evening: of the
ISth inst.
Last Thursday night King Solomon
Chapter's meeting was attended by about
135 members of the order, including grand
officers and a number of visitors from all
the local chapters. During the evening
two candidates were initiated, one of
them being Harry T. Creswell, City and
County Attorney. After the closing of the
chapter the members and visitors re
paired to the banquet room, which had j
been most tastefully decorated. There
was one long table with five points from
it and each of these was draped with one
of the colors of the central star of the
order. The floral adornments and the
piece de resistance in the shape of a large
cake were of the color of the drapery on
each of these points. The whole produced
a novel and pretty effect. At the previ
ous meeting there was a surprise in store
for the members, and that was the
worthy matron, Mrs. Val Schmidt, as
suming a double function, that of the
worthy patron as well as her own, some- |
thing "that has never before been done by
any matron. The work was done In a
most perfect manner and won for the of
ficial many words of commendation.
Oak Leaf Chapter initiated six candi
dates last Thursday night, and Unity
Chapter will have an initiation at its next
meeting.
THE ODD FELLOWS.
The attendance at Terba Buena Lodge
last Thursday ntght was unusually large
to receive a visit from Excelsior degree
team. The visitors took the chairs and
conferred the first and second degrees in
excellent form on twelve candidates. Af
t^r the work there was an hour at the
banquet table, speeches and music by the
Knickerbocker Quariot.
At the district meeting to be given in
the Assembly Hall of the Odd Fellows
building on the 25th inst., when all the
local subordinate and Rebekah lodges
will be represented, there will he a pro
gramme of oratory, music and song. The
speakers will be Judge W. W. Morrow,
I .J. Truman and Professor E. Knowlton.
A new encampment has been instituted
at 'Fort Bragg, another wiM shortly be
instituted at Hoilister.
The proceedings of the Sovereign
Grand Lodge have been received at the
office of the grand secretary and to the
number of 450 are bing distributed.
Bay City Lodge at its last held meeting
had one initiation, tho candidate being
the son of Noble Grand Regensberger.
The event was celebrated by a oanquet.
THE REBEKAHS.
Mrs. Minerva Karsner, president of the
assembly, paid an official visit to Vaca
ville ledge last Thursday night, the one
hundred and first visit she has paid dur
ing the term she has been in office. She
will visit one of tne lodges in this city
or. the 26th, and then will start on a
month's tour of visitation in the southern
part of the State. Her predecessor, Mrs.
Greenwood, during her term, paid 129
visits, and Miss Fannie Benjamin, who
preceded her, paid ninety-eight visits.
Loyal Rebekah Lodce has accepted an j
and let them encourage the children to do
the same.
In the advanced schools, especially the
high schools, a greater effort might be
m:ide and a higher standard of art at
tained, the Latin room, while the class
is reading "Caesar," give them a picture
of the sturdy old Roman to look at. as
well as a few prints of the city of Rome
Itself, of the Forum. Pantheon, etc. Such
pictures are to be had cheaply nowadays.
T. MORGAN MAC MAHAN
J. Morgan McMahon, A.8., S.E.S., was born in Sierra County, California,
In 1862, and graduated from the grammar schools at the age of fourteen. By
careful study, energy and perseverancce he has acquired an education that
places him in the front rank of teachers. Professor McMahon began his ca
reer as a teacher in Tuba County, but is now recognized as one of the
foremost educators of Tuolumne County.
when our magazines and periodicals are
filled with them.
Many principals and teachers may shake
their heads over t.iis plan, and while ad
mitting its theatrical excellence, deplore
that it cannot be carried out. But if it
has been successfully operated in t.ie East
our own State should not lag behind.
Moreover, in the Oakland High School
a notable beginning in this direction was
already been made. The progressive art
teacher. Miss Hernck, believes in keeping
abreast of the times, and has gathered
quite a gallery of beautiful art photo
graphs, which are not only pleasant and
inspiring to look upon, but are exceeding
ly useful to illustrate her lectures. And
she does not make the mistake of render
ing her collection a conglomerate mass of
invitation to exemplify the work before
the next session of the assembly.
Fresno Rebekah Lodge, of which Grand
Master Drew is a member, will tender
him a reception on the 17th inst.
Last week Grand Master Drew institut
ed a new lodge at Fowler, Fresno County.
A new lodge will shortly be instituted at
Fernando in Los Angeles County and one
in Porterville.
THE RELIEF COMMITTEE.
The semi-annual banquet given last
Sunday by members of the relief com
mittee of the I. O. O. F. of San Francisco
in the Nevada restaurant was without
question the most enjoyable affair that
the members of this body have ever at
tended. The expense was not from the
relief fund, but was met by the indi
vidual members who attended. The menu
presented was an original one in the
matter of announcements. Louis Kiagon,
the treasurer, acted as toast master and
a right good one he made. During the
discussion of the eatables sweet vocal
and instrumental music was discoursed.
The following were the toasts offered:
"The Light of Other Days," reminiscent
of the work of past committees, Mr.
Watson; "The Rebekahs," Dr. Regens
burger; "The Widows and Orphans,"
James A. Wilson; "Fraternity." A. J.
Doyle; "The Foreign Element in Our Or
der." L. L. Remey; "Friendship," Mr.
Hammerschmidt; "Love," Mr. Waltham;
"Truth," W. A. S. Nicholson; "Short
Stories, The Spice of a Banquet," J. H.
Gray; "The Old Odd Fellows," Messrs.
Wells and Hammond; "Single Bit-ssed
ness," Mr. Jacks; "Our Order." Mr. Ches
hire. Secretary Nichols was called upon
for a speech, but his innate modesty got
the better of him and he declined. The
pleasant gathering was brought to a ilose
with the singing, "Should Auld Acquain
tances be Forgot?"
ANCIENT ORDER WORKMEN.
The various lodges of the order are at
this season electing representatives to the
Grand Lodge, which will meet next April.
The most important matter to come up
before that body will be the election of a
successor to David S. Hlrshberg, grand
recorder.
After an absence of a few weeks In the
East on business connected with the or
der the grand recorder has returned and
states that the new classified assessment
plan has worked so well that this year
there will not be as in the past a special
or extra relief call.
Franklin Lodge had an initiation last
Friday and elected Will J. Beatty repre
sentative to the Grand Lodge. t
Gus Pohlman, Charles Thompson and
Thomas Casey have, been elected' repre
sentatives of the Grand Lodge.
DEGREE OF HONOR.
Cypress Lodge, with twenty members,
was Instituted at Newark last week by
Mrs. E. F. Mayon, assisted by the officers
of Ivy Lodge. The officers were in
stalled by Deputy Mrs. Cogan, after
which there was a delightful supper. A
party of twenty-four K-ft Oakland In
teams to be present at the institution of
the new lodge and returned home at 5:30
o'clock in the morning. *
The officers of Minerva Lodge were in
stalled last week by Deputy Mrs. I'ink
harn, assisted by Mrs. M. J. Stewart, S.
C. of H., and Miss M. O'Hea, G. R.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
At the meeting of Golden Gate Council
last Tuesday one candidate was admitted
to membership.
At the session of the San Francisco
Cabinet held last week President Fred
H. Hastings, after calling the meeting
to order, delivered a short address on the
patriotic principles of the order, and then
on behalf of the senate, presented a hand
some American flag to the cabinet. It
was decided to change the meeting night
of the cabinet to the fourth Friday of
each month and the place from Mystic to
Harmony Hull in the Red Men's building.
A special meeting will be held on the
25th lnst., to make changes in the by
laws.
The officers of Yosemite Council were
installed last Monday night by Special
Deputy J. R. McGufflck of California
Council, In a manner that was to his
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, STTNDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 189 S.
subjects. She would never dream of plac
ing a photograph of Dante and a fanciful
modern picture of "Spring" side by side.
But the pictures of each period— the clas
slcal. Renaissance. Dutch, English, mod
ern—are ranged in sets by themselves.
Let teachers remember that while, after
all, it is an easy matter to gather a mis
cellaneous assortment of pictures an.,
photographs for decoration, it is quite
another thing to select and arrange with
taste, in order that the greatest effective
ness and highest educational quality may
be obtained.
HOME INFLUENCE AND ITS EFFECT
UPON THE SCHOOL.
I feel that I am writing upon a subject
of delicacy as well as importance and
profundity when I endeavor to express
my views on that which more than any
other factor molds the child's character
and paves the way for his future joy or
sorrow, success or failure in life. By
"home influence" I mean not alone the
credit, in view of the fact that it was
the first time he had been called upoi
to do the work. This council will re
ceive a visit on the 21st from the cabinet
officers.
Golden Gate Council will, on the even
ing of the 22d, give a patriotic entertain
ment and dance in Assembly Hall in the
Red Men's building.
At the meeting of this council laar
Tuesday night thore was an initiation
and remarks were made by J. C. Apple
white John Henderson and J. E. Field.
Pacific Council at its last held meeting
initiated two candidates and at the close
of business the members were enter
tained with excellent imitations by F. P..
Nugent of Berkeley Council.
THE AMERICAN GUILD.
San Francisco Chapter, at the meeting
last Wednesday evening, received an ap
plication and made arrangements for a
social to be given in the chapter room
next month.
Watsonville Chapter, at its last held
meeting, initiated three candidates, and
Mill Valley Chapter on last Thursday
night was visited by Supreme Deputy
McGarvie, who assisted in the initiation
of two candidates.
Deputy Malone is organizing a new
chapter in this city. The eleven who
have already signed a petition for a char
ter have subscribed for a beneficiary cer
tificate for $5000 each.
The annual .report for 1897 shows that
during the year $43,000 was paid on ac
count of death benefits, $1960 on account
of accidents and that not one of the
death claims arose in California. There
is $175,000 in the supreme treasury.
.TIVK SONS.
THE N.
The Native Sons of Grass Valley and
those of Nevada City, where the next
Ornnd Parlor will meet, are actively at
work for the proper entertainment of the
delegates. Nevada City wants delegates
to remain there five days, but Quartz
Parlor wants them one whole day in
Grass Valley. During their stay in Ne
vada City the delegates will be enter
tained in grander style than they were
when there ten years ago, and arrange
ments are being made for an excursion
to Grass Valley, a visit to the mines in
the vicinity and a banquet.
William M. Conley, first grand vice
president, in company with Grand Secre
tary Lunstedt, J. K. Hawkins, G. T.; R.
W. Martland. D. D. G. P., and Assistant
Secretary James J. Jamison visited Nian
tic Parlor last week, when addresses
were made by the visitors, after which
the grand officers and members had a
good time at a neighboring cafe.
Hesperian Parlor will tender a compli
mentary entertainment and lecture to
Alcatraz Parlor in the hall at the corner
of Sixteenth and Valencia streets, on the
16th inst. The lecture will be "Pictur
esque California," by R. P. Doolan, with
stereopticon views.
The semi-annual Installation of the of
ficers of Athens Parlor was held last
Tuesday. J. J. Allen. D. D. G. P., being
the installing officer. The new officers
are: W. E. Farno, P. P.; J. N. Fogarty,
P.; C. H. Green, M. G. Perkins and W. E.
Dean, vice-presidents; F. A. Losh, S. ;
E. J. Thibaults, M.; L. A. Hinman, trus
tee: A. B. Champion, I. S.; P. Wall, O. S.;
Drs. J. 1.. Milton and W. D. Huntington,
surgeons. The retiring past president, L.
A. Hinman. was presented a handsome
badge of his rank, after which there was
a banquet and a Tood time generally.
The invitational party to be given by
Stanford Parlor on Monday, the 21st inst.,
promises to be one of the grandest af
fairs that this parlor has ever given. An
entirely novel decoration of the hall will
be presented to those who attend.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
The masquerade social that is to be
given by the members of Las Lomas Par
lor in Mission Parlor Hall will be on the
night of the 22d inst., and not the 21st,
as was previously announced. From the
encouragement that the committee of
arrangements has received up to date it
feels that this party will be one of the
greatest social successes that has ever
been given under the auspices of this
parlor.
Past President Miss A. Mayberry of
Golden State Parlor, for some time past
a resident of Sacramento City, was in
this city during the Jubilee week.
At the lasc held meeting of Golden
State Parlor two applications for mem
bership were received.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST
F. O. A.
Last Tuesday night Mizpah Circle, that
NORMAL SCHOOL TO BE ERECTED IN SAN DIEGO.
The above is a faithful likeness of the new State NoT- ma l School »of San
Diego County, which will be built on University Heights, in the city of San
Diego at a cost of $100,000. The plans were designed by Hebbard & Gill
of San Diego, and were accepted by the Normal School Trustees last week.
Work is to begin by the middle of March, and $35,000 will be expended this
year. It is expected that with this sum the right wing and middle portion
of the building can be erected and the ground floor finished.
The building will be 400 feet in length, facing south, and fifty feet in
child's fireside surroundings, but also his
amusements and companions— in fact, tne
whole moral, intellectual and physical
culture which he receives outside the
school room. Some may argue that the
influence of home life has little or nothing
to do with work or behavior of the pupil
in the class room, but this is false logic,
promulgated by those who have never ex
perienced the hopes and disappointments
of the true teacher. ,
The observant instructor who taKes
charge of a new school is enabled within
a few days to point out every pupil whose
surroundings and home influence are en
nobling. For the moral development or
the child's mind parents should place in
his hands such works as will teach him
that the world expects him to make the
best and most practical use of those fac
ulties with which he has been endowed,
and that it is his duty to cultivate and
train all these capabilities of mind and
body so as to render the greatest possible
service, not only to himself, but to man
kind in general.
It should be impressed upon pupils and
parents how necessary is regular attend
ance at school, and the fact that not only
in the school, but in the way to or from
it, and on the playground, scholars are
subject to the orders of their teachers.
This is an important point.
It is the business of parents to see that
their boys do not loaf about the streets
and saloons after schools hours. Inquire
into their associations, make your home
surroundings pleasant, and be sure to
teach your children morals and manners,
if nothing else. .
I would also mention the importance of
visiting the school. Speaking from my
own experience and that of others, I can
Justly say that the enterprising teacher
will always welcome visitors to his
school: for there is no other one thing
in the whole course of school life so im
portant and encouraging to both teacher
and -pupils as this visiting of the school
by friends, parents and relatives. It stim
ulates the energies of the child; creates
a favorable spirit of competition, and fos
ters a desire to exefel by appealing to the
pride of the pupil. Therefore, visit the
school. Do not remain away, become as
Ignorant as possible of the work accom
plished by children and instructor, and
then cauterize the latter. Investigate the
school and learn what is being done; then
criticize if you will. Rpmembcr that even
if you have no children in attendance, or
if you are a trustee, to visit the school
is a duty you owe to yourself, to your
friends and to your country.
J. MORGAN MACMAHON.
Tuolumne County.
meets In the ' Potrero Opera-house, re
ceived a visit from District Deputy Miss
Alice Ticoulet, a number of members of
Robin Hnod Circle, Inter Nos Circle and
Bonlta Circle, and quite a pleasant even
ing was spent. Mizpah, one of the outside
circles, has many energetic members, who
are working hard to advance it.
Grand Chief Companion Miss Emma
Harrington Is still visiting in the south.
She visited Juanita Circle in Kern City,
and found the officers perfect in their
work, showing i «.l they had given full
heed to the instructions imparted. The;
visiting officers and those who accom
panied her were treated in a royal man
ner. In Snnta Ana the circle, which
had been dormant, was revived by an
official visitation, and the promise was
made that at the next meeting there
would be three candidates to initiate.
Last Tuesday she visited Ocean View
Circle, in Santa Barbara, and was well
received, and was much pleased with the
manner in which the officers conduct the
affairs of the circle. On Thursday night
she was a guest of honor at a ball given
by the circle.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
Yerba Bucna Lodge last Monday re
ceived five applications and arranged for
a grand smoker. The ritual for the
ladies' auxiliary was submitted and laid
over for consideration.
Anchor Lodge will initiate ten candi
dates to-morrow night. The lodge is
having new by-laws printed.
Last Wednesday night Occidental
Lodge was visited by the Past Dicta
tors' Association and the grand offlcera,
on which occasion E. A. Falvey deliv
ered an address on fraternal work, which
was disenraed by the grand dictator, P.
L. Archibald, and Messrs. Martin and
Abrahamson of the sitting lodge.
The officers of Far West Lodge were
installed by the grand dictator on last
Thursday night. J. C. Bourbin Is the
dictator. On the 23d inst. the grand dic
tator will visit the lodges in Santa Cruz,
and on the following night he will visit
Santa Cruz, after which he will visit
Salinas Lodge before returning to this
city.
ANCTENT ORDER OF FORESTERS.
At this time all the courts are elect
ing delegates to the Subsidiary High
Court that is to meet in Oakland. M.
Boehm will be a candidate for the office
of high chief ranger, S. Ferris and G.
W. H. Shaw are. named as candidates
for the office of high subchief ranger, G.
W. Lunt is named for the position of
treasurer.
Court America since its change of
meeting place has been picking up, and
many members absent for a long time
are attending meetings. At its last held
meeting the court initiated three candi
dates and received several applications.
The court is making arrangements to
give monthly socials and entertainments
in conjunction with America Circle.
Court Lincoln will give a party in
Washington Hall on the 22d inst. The
game of whist between members of this
court and Court Excelsior, played last
week, proved very exciting, bein- closely
contested, and was won by the team rrom
Court Lincoln. The players are: R. J.
McClunie, F. Rentier, H. Smith. W. A.
Burdick, F. W. j ullerton and Dr. J. A.
J. McDonald of the losing team, and
James H. Duncan. C. S. Balllie, Joe Kra
mer. J. B. Williams, C. T. Quirey, Homer
D. Scott. L. Garrett and J. W. Howe of
the winning team. A return game will
be played next Tuesday in the hall of
Court Lincoln.
. The committee on ritual will have a
team to exemplify the new work before
the High Court.
Court Milton, in the town of that name,
will give an entertainment and ball on
March 7. A delegation from this city
wlll attend.
Court Bart Mountain, Copperopolis. in
itiated five candidates at its last meeting,
and will have several more at its next.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
Liberty Circle on last Thursday night
gave its first anniversary party in Mis
sion Parlor Hall, at which there was a
good attendance and the affair was a
most pleasant one, so pleasant that those
who attended expressed the regret that
the circle did not have anniversary par
ties twelve times a year.
Ivanhoe Circle has presented to Miss
Josie Ervin a very fine emblematic pin
upon her retirement from the office of
junior past chief companion, in recogni
tion of her good qualities as an officer.
The Valentine party of California Circle
ON THE BLACKBOARD.
3£\ c .. ABe of MIBS Laura L. Shearer is
still before the retirement committee of
the teachere' annuity fund.
• * •
The teachers In the city of Alameda
have been in the habit of meeting in ses
sion on the first and third Thursdays of
each month for the purpose of study
along the lines of school work. Principal
J. v . Young leads the primary teachers
and C. C. Hughes of Encinal School the
grammer grade. At the last session the
latter gentleman opened the discussion
on the subject of "Reading." Following
this Miss Wiebalk gave an excellent re
sume of an article on "The Novel and
the Public School" by Charles Dudley
\\ arner. In these meetings Hinsdale's
"Language Arts" has been chosen as a
guide.
• • •
The Mothers' and Teachers' Club of
Alameda was organized outside of the
schools by certain ladies of the Unitarian
church, but, as its name indicates, it
deals primarily with school work. Mrs.
Soule acts as president, and there is a
NEW NORMAL SCHOOL IS BADLY NEEDED.
To the New State Normal School we are looking forward with lively
anticipation, if property manned and equipped it is sure to be a success,
and will aid much to the effectiveness of the educational system of Cali
fornia. One of the most pressing needs of the public schools has been and
now is a larger number of professionally trained teachers. In San Diego
County only about 20 per cent of the teachers are State Normal School
graduates, and these are largely drawn from Eastern normal schools. The
school at Los Angeles is 126 miles distant, and its capacity is hardly more
than sufficient to supply the needs of its imm:diate vicinity.
For a student tyxiy our climatic conditions are perfect. The school will
be convenient of access both by land and by water, and the cost of living is
moderate.
Three well-equipped normal schools may b? better than five that are
but poorly equipped, but with reasonable support from the State in ths
shape of appropriations the Normal School at San Diego can easily be the
peer of any now in operation. WALTER J. BAILEY,
County Superintendent of Scnools.
was well attended and was a very suc
cessful affair.
Loyal Circle will give an entertainment,
consisting of a farce, to be followed by a
dance, on Thursday night next.
Mrs. Barcroft, chief companion of Sun
shine Circle at Merced, visited the office
of the supreme grand secretary last week.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
Deputy P. J. Hagan, assisted by the
grand officers, has organized a new coun
cil with forty members in St. Rose's par
ish.
Thil Sheridan Council will celebrate its
tenth anniversary by a banquet on the
21st inst. The same evening Potrero
Council will give an entertainment.
Cathedral Council will give a grand ball
in Native Sons' Hall on the night of the
17th.
Rev. Father Gleeson will lecture be
fore Washington Council in Metropolitan
Temple on the Ist of March. The sub
ject is "Life in California under Spanish
and Mexican Rule."
Grand Director Fink"ham visited Co
lumbia Council last Wednesday, and af
ter business there was a banquet in
honor of the visitor.
Fraternity Council of East Oakland
will hold an opening meeting on the
24th.
GOLDEN GATE'S ANNIVERSARY/
The eleventh anniversary ball given by
Golden Gate Council of the Y. M. I. in
Native Sons' Hall last Tuesday was a
grand success in every way. The decora
tions were novel and artistic. They were
the idea of A. F. Schleicher and were
what he called "Sea Grotto." The com
ponent parts were tulle, fishnet and sil
ver tinsel. The centerpiece was in white
and nile green and represented water
dripping from the net, while on all sides
were representations of inhabitants of
the briny deep. The stage and balcony
were arranged in style to correspond
with the center and a circle of incandes
cent lights around the room shaded by
Spanish red tissue threw a subdued light
over the whole, producing a strange yet
pretty effect. In the hall there was gold
en grill work representing a golden gate,
and through this those who took part in
the grand march, some 'JOO couples, led by
Samuel Haskins and Miss Driscoll,
passed.
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE.
Last Thursday evening the officers of
Institute No. 2 were installed and at the
close of the ceremony there was a pre
sentation of a gold watch to Past Presi
dent Nellie Winters and the presentation
of an emblem of the order to the secre
tary. Miss Mary Donnovan, in recogni
tion of her long and faithful services.
Institute No. 7 is making arrangements
for an at home, to be given on the night
of the 18th inst.
Last week the members of Institute No.
32 entertained the young ladies of the
Normal School of San Jose. There was
an interesting address on education by
Rev. Father Kenna, S. J.
Grand President Miss Sophie Grote, as
sisted by District Deputy Miss Lizzie
Terry and Miss Barrett, installed the fol
lowing officers of Institute No. 1: Miss
Driscoll, P. P.; Miss Curley. P.; Miss
Hartr'ord. Miss Fay, V. P.; Miss Mono
han. R. S.; Miss Degan, F. S. : Miss
Green, T. ; Miss Rahlll, M. ; Miss Regan,
I. S.; Miss Driscoll, O. S. ; Miss Kate
Conklin. MissM. Grote, Miss Terry. Miss
Coppage and Miss Mahoney, trustees. At
the close of the ceremony the retiring
president, Miss Driscoll, was presented a
beautiful gold watch and chain.
THE CHOSEN FRIENDS.
On the evening of Thursday, the 3d inst..
the hall of Social Council No. 46 was filled
with members of the order assembled to
witness the initiation of seven candidates
by the initiatory team, and the work was
performed in a most satisfactory manner.
The district meeting at Social Council
on last Thursday night was well attend
ed, the hall being crowded to its capacity.
There was an address by Past Supreme
Councilor Arnold and a programme of en
tertainment, followed by dancing. Among
the grand officers present were Grand
Councilor Boehm, Grand Recorder Wallis,
Grand Treasurer Miss McDonald and
Grand Marshall Mrs. Sweeney.
The next district meeting will be held
on the 21st inst. in the hall of Empire
Council, on which occasion State Senator
E. I. Wolfe will deliver to Chris Zechie
scag an old age check for $2000.
There will be a meeting of all the coun
cils of Oakland in California Hall on th«
width. It will be two stories in height. The main p->r* — will contain the
President's offices and library on the ground floor and an assembly room on
the second floor. Each wing will be divided into class rooms on both floors,
every room having a southern exposure. The grounds where the new
school will stand are the highest in the city proper, and command a wide
view of the sea, Mexican Mountains, the Cuyamaea range and the city and
bay. The approaches to the buildings will be laid out in appropriate drives,
walks and lawns, giving a rich and impressive exterior aspect. In the in
terior the school will be equipped with all modern appliances and comforts.
committee to arrange the programmes.
Miss Alice Cohen is an earnest worker on
the latter. At the last meeting C. F.
Nielsen addressed the members of the
club on the subject of "Physical Cul
ture."
• • •
Last week fifteen students graduated
from the State Normal School at ban
Jose. Their names are as follows: John
W. Thomson, Fannie M. McKay. F. Irene
Bliss. Avaline Bohmen, Harry Renowden
Painton, Minnie A. Thompson, Blanche
E. Lovell, Kate E. Holliway. Mattie A.
Feeley. Mary Veronica Farley. Clorinda
M. Cassinelli, Roy Moore, Maude Frances
Wilber and Lillie L. Koerber.
• • *
The Alameda teachers support a benefit
association, which gives $2 a day to the
teacher after the first week of illness.
This society is in a flourishing condition,
and has already several hundred dollars
invested in a building and loan associa
tion.
• • •
Lake County contains forty-six school
districts, Mrs. Etta Kise Harrington being
Superintendent. It is preparing to hold
a summer school during the month of
July at Lakeport. Psychology, pedagogy.
11th of March. Mrs. Emma Jackson, the
district deputy, will preside.
Last Friday evening Pacific Council,
after an interesting business meeting at
which there was a large attendance, that
was presided over by Councilor A. Nich
olson, there was a pleasing entertain
ment of music and song, also short ad
dresses, in which Mrs. Leon, Mr. Alpers,
Mr. Ingraham, Mrs. Clark and others
took part. At the next meeting to be
held a much more attractive programme
will be presented.
B'NE B'RITH.
Grand Secretan- Aschneim has Issued
a circular of information which gives in
brief all that was done at the recent
session of the District Grand Lodge.
i rom this it appears that the 12th of Oc
| tober of each year shall be designated as
; B'ne B'rith day, when the members will,
j in their lodge rooms, "pay proper tribute
to our country and our great order. ™*Se
Tand lodge will hereafter convene on
the third Sunday in February. Tne
Daughters of Juuah are recognized as an
auxiliary" body of District No. 4. As
aessmenes are made payable by the lodges
forty days from date of levy. Cnarges
must be preferreu against non-beneficiary
members who marry and neglect or re
fuse to join the beneficiary rank at the
time allowed. Endowment initiation fees
are abolished.
The credentials to deputies will not be
issued until the new form is received.
A list of official visitations will soon be
issued by the grand secretary. These,
instead of being crowded into a snort
space of time as in the past, will be dl
videu through the entire year.
"WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Last Wednesday Head Manager Boak
went to Denver, Colo., to attend a ses
sion of head managers.
Western Addition Camp, organized in
this city June, 1895, with twenty-one mem
bers, now has seventy. It has moved from
its old quarters to the Alcazar building.
The camp has a degree team, the only
one in the local camps, and it confers
the amplified form on all candidates in a
manner that would reflect credit on a
camp having a larger numoer of choppers
to select from. The camp has many en
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ON ; ALE ■TH IS WEEK- ■
' AT : ' ■ *
HALF PRICE!
5 Cases Mill Samples Ladies', Gents'
and Children's Underwear
and Hosiery.
THE ENTIRE FALL SAMPLES OP A LEADING EASTERN MILL.
ALL GRADES OF
UNDERWEAR AND HOSIERY,
/From ' the cheapest to the finest ; made, and such an immense variety
of styles and qualities that it would be impossible to quote prices.-
They will be arranged on tables in the aisle left of entrance and
will be CLOSED OUT AT
HALF ORIGINAL PRICES.
KLONDIKE RS
•■■■.■■■- '■.-■■ :- -' rv ; jLi<v^/,iN -\j i r\.'i_j r^ tj r
About to purchase outfits are requested to examine our lines of
HEAVY WOOL BLANKETS, HEAVY ARCTIC UNDER-
WEAR, DOUBLE SWEATERS, GERMAN TUFTED
WOOLEN STOCKINGS, HEAVY GERMAN KNIT WOOL
SOCKS, CANVAS BAGS, LINEN MOSQUITO NETS.
A saving of fully twenty-five per cent can be made by purchas-
ing of me.'
c. cUrtin,
911 and 913 Market Street,
' A FEW DOORS WEST OF FIFTH ST. -:
- ■ . * '■. "." '■ " ; -r''.-**'rip«aißi*ua!a6rt«v» ii . - - ■ ■ *
drawing and nature study will be taught
by professors from Stanford and the Uni
versity of California. If this summer
school proves a success. Superintendent
Harrington expects to hold institute
meetings during July in connection with
• • •
Miss Sabea Johnson and Miss Velma
Runnells. both Lake County teachers,
were married last month. Miss Johnson
goes to Colusa County as Mrs. Spurgeon,
but Mrs. Hanson remains In Lake County,
• • •
Leo Pauley has been elected principal
of the Kern City schools. Pie was former
ly located at Tehachapi.
« • •
The following institutes will be held tht«
spring: Mendocino, Sonoma, Marin, San
Mateo. Riverside, San Bernardino, Loa
Angeles, Orange and Nevada, — "Western
Journal of Education.
• • •
Eugene de Burn, ex-City Superintendent
of San Diego Schools, has been elected
principal of the Adams School in Cma
tilla County, Oregon.
• * •
The Southern California Teachers' As-»
sociation will meet at Los Angeles on
March 31, April 1 and April 2.
• • •
Only five out of twenty-two applicant*
for teachers* certificates passed the Tu
lare County primary grade examination
successfully.
• • *
Madison Babcock, ex-county superin
tendent, has been elected principal of tha
Girls' High School.
• • •
Professor Edward Cubberly, city super
intendent of the San Diego schools, was
recently appointed assistant professor in
the department of education in Stanford
University. He will not begin his new
duties until next September.
• * •
C. W. Roby, ex-superintendent of Fres
no city schools, has been elected vice-prin
cipal of the Burnett School, San Fran
cisco.
• • •
Hugh J. Baldwin, ex-president of tha
California Teachers' Association, has re
cently been appointed justice or the peaca
at National City. San Diego County.
• * •
Superintendent Hyatt of Riverside
County has recently published an instruc-
« v t, p l mphlet entitled, "Beginning in
Bodily Training," which he has sent to all
his teachers.
ergetic members who propose to set th»
pace for the older camps. A feature of
this camp is its smokers and log rollers,
at which a number of applications are al
ready received. The latest given brought
nineteen. At the last meeting eight can
didates were initiated.
Golden Gate Camp is the largest in this
jurisdiction, having a membership of 750,
which will be increased by the number
of applicants who signed petitions at the
party given last Monday night.
Redwood Camp is lively, growing and
hospitable.
Last Monday night Golden Gate Camp
gave an entertainment and dance in th«
auditorium of the Native Sons' building,
which was- attended by nearly fifteen
hundred persons. During intermission
Clerk Oliver received one hundred and
seven applications for membership.
SONS OF ST. GEORGE.
The smoker given by Pickwick Lodge
last Monday night was one of the best
ever given by this lodge. The committee
that had charge of the affair put forth
special efforts to make it a very enjoya
ble one for the members and their friends
who had assembled in numbers sufficient
to till the hall in which it was held.
Those who contributed to the enjoyment
of the evening were: T. Nowlan, piano
solo; H. Hope. H. Williamson, G. Roxe
well. H. R. Carles. A. R. Prior, J. H.
Coates. Mr. Roache, W. Norrington, W.
C. Parsons, H. H. Bygrave. J. B. Brown,
\V. L. Sobey. F. D. Brandon. L. Munday,
S. Creha. "William Walker and Mr. Rob
erts, vocal solos; T. Musgrave, recita
tion. A hit of the evening was an ad
dress on fraternity by F. D. Brandon.
There were long pipes and short pipes,
and plenty of good tobacco, and a fins
collation. At the close of the programme
all joined in singing "Auld Lang Syne."
DAUGHTERS OF ST. GEORGE.
During the month of March a genuine
old English tea party will be given in
St. George's Hall by the members o£
Britannia Lodge of the Daughters of St.
George, so well known as successful man
agers of social affairs. There will be tw.o
tea boards, at which the»e will be Egyp
tian ladies, who will be ready to foretell
the future to the tea drinkers. Thera
will also be a number of attractive fea
tures that will make the hall a pleasant
place in which to spend the evening.IMPERIAL SAN BERNARDINO.
SAN BERNARDINO City anc! Coun
ty .ire so Inseparably connected
that an account, however brief, of
the one must necessarily include
a description of the other.
San Bernardino County, with an
area of 16,000 square miles, is the
it in the State. Sin- stands first in
■.versity of her climate, first in re
■■ Irrigation, the first In the cul
of tropical fruits ami the first in
miles of railroad within her borders. She
is larger than several of the New England
Sta'es put together, more extensive than
Rhode Island, Vermont, Connecticut, New
Hampshire or Delaware; is as large as
Maryland and has a greater area than
some of the European kingdoms.
In her climate. San Bernardino has her
greatest charm. It can be expressed in
two words— bounty and beauty. There is
no Coast Range lying between the county
nnd the sea. as is the case with the other
Southern California counties, and the
breezes from the Pacific temper the chilly
winter as well as the glaring
heat of summer. This is truly the land
Of the sun an.l the sea. The altitude
varies from 500 to U.iml feet, and the trav
eler smoking a cool climate in summer
can find it here as readily as he can a
warm temperature in winter. The dis
tance from the ocean is sufficient to dispel
the moisture from the winds; yet they
are cool and refreshing. The ocean fog's
seldom reach this valley, and they are
• -nse here than along the eoa-st. The
elevation, the latitude and the distance
from the sea— only forty miles away—
[ne to f>rm a climatic condition that
is rarely excessive. This has often been
I the Italy of America, but the cli
mate more closely resembles that of
-■ :rn Spain or Portugal, or perhaps
Palestine. It is th^ most equable to be
found in America, containing less damp
ness than that of Florida. It is, especially
in the more arid portions, the proti
'.and for those suffering from pulmonary
.^ints. it is a spot where can be
found an equanimity of climate that is a
tnt delight— an absence of the frigid
extremes of winter or the burning heat of
summer. Gentle, exhilarating breezes
golden, refreshing sunshine combine to
makf> this nature's own health resort.
The rains usually occur at a tempera
ture of about 50 degrees, and the wet
days correspond to the April days on
the Atlantic coast and in the Mississippi
Valley. The dry -winter days greatly re
semble pleasant October weather in the
Middle States or May days in New Eng
land. The mean temperature of San Ber
nardino Valley is much nearer that of the
coast than is generally supposed. From
S o'clock in the morning to 4 o'clock in
the afternoon the days are warmer than
they are in the coast counties, but from
10 p. m. to 5 a. m. the reverse is true, the
mountain breeze accomplishing for San
Bernardino at night what* the sea does
for the coast during the day. Blankets
are always comfortable on summer nights
after 10 o'clock, and the days that are
uncomfortably warm will not exceed
thirty during the year.
Authentic history of San Bernardino be
gins in IS3S. when a grant of land was
PRACTICAL JOKES
OF BRUTAL NOBLEMEN
WHILE the matinee girls are
discussing the brutality to
which Actor Ratcliffe sub
jected his English as well as
his Ame:ican wife, the courts
of Europe are agog over a we.i-authen
ticated story that before the final sep
aration of the young Grand Duke and
Grand Duchess of Hesre, a fortnight
ago, the Grand Duke laid violent hands
on his beautiful and high-spirited con
sort; first of aU using his fists upon
her and ultimately pitching her by
force out of the room in which the cli
max of their matrimonial bickerings
took place.
Both are the grandchildren of Queen
Victoria — the Grand Duke being the
only surviving son of Princess Alice of
Great Britain, while the Grand Duchess
is the offspring of the Queen's sailor
son, Duke Alfred of Edinburgh and Co
burg. There is no doubt that they were
married too young, and their separa
tion Is distinguished from all other dis
solutions of royal marriages by the fact
that for once it has not been caused,
either directly or indirectly, by any in
fraction of the seventh commandment.
In fact, the trouble origin Ued entirely
with the Grand Duke's tendency to
practical joking, a tendency which is
quite frequent among European royal
ty, but which, in the case of the young
ruler of Hesse, is carried to an extrav-
agant degree.
His practical Jokes differ from those
of his uncle, the Prince of Wales. They
resemble those of his first cousin, the
Kaiser, in that they partake of the na
ture of rough horse-play and coarse
ness. Moreover, the Grand Duke has
been, ever since he married, in the
habit of selecting his beautiful young
wife a 8 the principal butt of his harsh
Jokes. These have already, in the spring
of last year, led to her suddenly leaving
Darmstadt and seeking refuge with her
eldest sister, the Crown Princess of
Roumanla, at Bucharest.
In the middle of a ball at the palace
at Darmstadt the electric lights were
suddenly extinguished, whereupon the
young Grand Duke and several of his
associates, who had previously provid
ed themselves with squirt guns, shot
water at the bare necks and shoulders
of the ladles present, incidentally hug
ging them whenever they got the
chance.
The v-rand Duchese was drenched,
besides being embraced roughly by at
least two men who were not her hus
band. Frantic at the indignity to which
both she and her guests had been sub
jected, she left Darmstadt, accom
panied only by her maid, early the fol
lowing morning. No one knew what
had become of her until thirty-six
hours later a telegram from Bucharest
announced her arrival there. It was
only with the utmost difficulty that she
'.vas persuaded to return to her husband
and child, and then only on the solemn
promise of her husband that he would j
abstain from practical joking at her i
expense.
Since her return matters have gone
from bad to worse. There has been
more practical joking, and,- moreover,
the highly cultivated and exceedingly
clever Grand Duchess, who has been
brought up in England and is essential
ly an English girl, has strongly resented
the very anti-British attitude which her
husband has taken up in connection
with the recent ill feeling in Germany
against Great Britain.
The Grand Duke was never tired of
abusing the English policy, the English
court, and, indeed, everything that ppr
tains to Great Britain, entirely oblivi
ous of the fact that both his father
and himself have been dependent upon
the bounty of Queen Victoria. The
venerable sovereign has not only dow
ered his sisters and provided him with
a large annuity, but she actually pays
most of the expenses of the court, the
Grand Duke being the poorest Prince
In Germany.
It may be added that the Grand
Duke as a boy had the misfortune to
kill his younger brother. He was chas
ing him through the rooms of the ducal
palace and upon catching up with him
jcave him a push. The blow carried the
.awarded to Juan Bandini. The rancho
ban Bernardino, which gave name to the
county and city, • was' granted to Jose
-Maria Lugo, Jose del Carmen Lugo, Vi
cente Lugo and Diego Sepulveda in 1842.
by Juan B. Alvarado, Constitutional Gov
ernor of the Department of California,
and judicial possession was given the
same year by Dominguez, first Judge of
the Peace in the District of Los Angeles.
Uie rancho contained nine leagues, or
3. .700 acres. This magnificent estate was
sold by the original proprietors February
26, is Amasa Lyman and C. C. Rich,
for £77,500. Lyman and Rich were two
ol the original "quorum of twelve" sent
out as leaders of a party of 500 Mormons
by Brigham Young from Salt Lake City
to colonize San Bernardino. A party
had come from Salt Lake two years pre
vious and attempted to purchase the Chino
rancho. now a magnificent beet-sugar
farm, but were unsuccessful. The Mor
mons first settled on Lytle Creek and built
a small village, which was moved to the
site of the present city when the Apostles
made the purchase. ■ '■ •
The county was separated from Los
Angeles April 26. 1553, by act of the Leg- !
islature, when Isaac Williams, David :
Seely, H. G. Sherwood and John Brown j
wore appointed Commissioners to locate
the town and lay out the farms and town
lots. The county boundaries were not !
properly defined until April 2. 1557. The |
city was incorporated by act or the Legis- !
lature April 13. 1864. It then had a popu- i
lation of .-'.bout 2000 and was in a very |
flourishing condition. It was the great
center of travel and trade for Arizona, !
Utah. Idaho and Montana, and directly '<
on the route to the sea. Fort Yuma, Tuc- i
son, Fort Mojave, Preseott and Santa Fe i
were al! tributary to San Bernardino. I
The Legislature passed an act May 18. i
1564. repealing the first charter, provided i
the act was ratified by the people, which !
they did with unanimity.
Brigham Young, fearing a conflict of
arms with the United States Government i
in I>>s7 called all his cohorts into Salt !
Lake City, and a large portion of the pop- |
illation of i?an Bernardino obeyed the
summons and sold their property to the !
gentiles for small sums. San Bernardino
was then no longer a Mormon city, al- i
though two yean later a number of the
original colonists returned, having repu I
diated Brigham Young and selected
young Joseph Smith as their leader. But i
in the meanwhile gentiles had been com- i
Ing to San Bernardino, and although the i
imprint of the Mormons is still apparent,
they never again obtained control of the
corporation.
The resources of San Bernardino Coun- j
ty are of the most varied character, com
prising everything requisite to the build- !
ing up of a wealthy community, while its j
location in the great highways of -travel I
gives it a prominence over many of the
"Seven Sisters."
TIMBER— In the mountains north of
the city is an inexhaustible supply of the !
best timber to be found, consisting of i
pine, black and white oak, cedar and ma- j
hogany.
MARBLE— In the mountains of Hoi- i
younger prince over the low balustrade
of an open window to the pavement of
the courtyard forty feet below. His
neck was broken by the fall.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1898.
I comb Valley Is a quarry of beautiful mar- !
| ble covering at least a quarter' section, i
and many fine specimens are found easily
accessible jn other places. An excellent
Quality of sandstone is found in the foot- :
hills and clay suitable for building is:
I abundant. Black marble is found in large
| quantities, as well as some jaspar.
MINERALS — The precious metals I
abounds in all the mountains and ravines.
Placer gold was found on Lytle Creek in
I the early days and has been worked for j
i years. The same may be said of Hoi- I
i comb Valley. Along- the Mojave River ;
for forty miles and in the hills north of i
, the city gold-bearing quartz is found in
every direction. The county contains
among other camps the Victor, which has
been pronounced during the past week i
to equal the famed Cripple Creek of Colo- !
rado. The Mountain district, Ruby dis
trict and Morongo have mines that arc
being worked to advantage, as have Pi
1 t\°7 and T *"erHy-nJne Palms. Virginia !
P? f 'f °1c1 c of the most Promising dis
tricts in the county, and contains many
very rich mines. It has been recently
demonstrated that many rich veins of
gold, silver and lead lie in the desert
wastes that have heretofore been over
looked by prospectors, but which are
readily accessible and easily worked The '
future of gold mining in San Bernardino ]
is full of promise. The ahsence of large !
streams has proved detrimental to pla
cer mining, most of the gold being in
quartz and requiring expensive ma
; ohinery to develop it. This is fast being
introduced, and it is easy to predict that
within a few years San Bernardino Coun
ty will become one of the greatest gold
i ?H° dU , C i ng * ectlons ln the world. Among
! the other flourishing mining districts in
the county may be mentioned Johannes
.£ rs \ 5, wen . t >'- six milfi s from Kramer on
the Atlantic and Pacific railroad and
thirty miles from Mojave on the South
; crn Pacific. The Lone Star, on the ex
treme north, is another district rich in
i w f'v ar *P evln c district, on the Atlantic
I and Pac fie off from Barstow, contains
! many valuable mines. Calico district and
I Alford have many good mines. Soda,
> Clarks, \ anderbilt, J\rw York Troian
and the Providence Mountain districts
are all coming into prominence and con
tain great possibilities. Sacramento dis
trict, west of the Needles, Lava Bed Dry
Lake and Black Hawk contain mines
that pan out well. Oro Grande district
is the largest in the county, and is on the
Santa Fe route on the Mojave Desert.
The mineral wealth of the county does
not consist of gold alone. Silver, copper
lead, zinc, iron, manganese, borax salt
soda, baryta, gypsum, sulphur and asbes
tos are found in abundance.
AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTS - The
agricultural products of San Ber
nardino are many and varied. Corn
wheat, barley, rye, buckwheat, oats
potatoes, sorghum and tobacco flourish
1 here is no place in the world
where ailalfa can be grown to bet
ter advantage. Twenty tons can be grown
i to the acre, making it a most profitable
crop. Barley is perhaps the principal
grain crop, being more profitable than
wheat, more productive than oats, and is
i the chief horsefeed.
'• LIVESTOCK— The climate is peculiarly
; fitted for developing neat cattle and fine
. horses. The Jersey. Holstein and short
1 horn are fast supplanting less favored
cattle.
! CITRUS FRUITS-San Bernardino is the
home of the orange. So well have the
I growers succeeded in producing fine fruit
i that the brands from this county always
j bring the highest prices in the' Eastern
I markets. The district is rarely visited by
trost. and the water supply is abundant
The acreage of orange and lemon orch
ards in the county is over 20,000 acres and '
the oranges are largely of the navel I
variety. The crop for the eountv this '
season is placed at 35,000 carloads or i
1.175.000 boxes. Two medals from the South
ern California Fair, one from the World's I
Fair at Chicago and one from the Atlanta i
Exposition were won by San Bernardino !
orange-growers. " !
Ansen Van Luven planted the first
orange trees In San Bernardino County. I
near the old Mission, in 1856. One tree is I
still living and bearing fruit.
DECIDUOUS TREES— There is SOOO
acres in the county planted to deciduous
trees, including peach, apricot, prune,
pear, fig, walnut, apple, cherry and al
mond.
The vine thrives as well here as in
other parts of the State. The acreage is
GOOO, two-thirds of which is raisin grapes,
one-fourth wine grapes and a small per
centage of table, grapes.
WATER— The majestic snow-clad peaks
that stand like grim sentinels above im
perial San Bernardino uirnish an abun
dant supply of water for all purposes,
including irrigation and electric power.
The principal basin for this water supply
from the mountains is Bear Valley Lake,
belonging to what is known as the Bear
Valley irrigation system. The lake is on
the headwaters of Bear Creek and has
a water shed of over fifty square miles.
From October to May it is not necessary
to draw on the lake for water, the over- i
flow being sufficient. By storing this !
overflow the water supply of San Ber
nardino could be easily doubled.
FOREST RESK.CVES-San Bernardino
County has within her borders two '
United States forest reservations, com
prising about 1,500,000 acres. These re- j
serves lie between the desert and the
city and consist of large quantities of I
valuable timber.
SUMMER RESORTS— No part of the ;
country can boast of more charming sum
mer resorts than can this county. Squir
rel Inn. Fredalba Park, Seven Oaks. Bluff
Lake and Arrowhead are all easily acces
sible and popular resorts.
THE IMPERIAL* ClTY— lmperial San
Bernardino, the city of homes, of schools
and of churches is the third in size of
the cities of Southern California and is
situated on the southern slope of the
San Bernardino Mountains, at a height
of 1075 feet above the sea. Seven square
miles are included in the corporate area
and the population Is 11,000. San Bernar
dino is the central point of supply for
the whole county and large sections of
the mining districts of other counties and
draws a considerable trade from Southern
Nevada, Arizona and New Mexico. The
city was originally laid out one miie
square by the pioneers from Utah, who
had th<> wisdom and good taste to survey
wide, straight streets and line them with
shade trees. The same wise plan has been
kept up in the numerous additions that
have been made to the city, and the
wide, shady streets, splendidly paved, af
ford charming walks and drives, that ex
cite the admiration of all visitors. Pure
artesian water flows from about six hun
dred wells of from two to seven inches in
diameter in the city and immediate vi
cinity. These wells extend over an area
of thirty square miles, the ordinary depth
bfing 160 feet. The city is noted for its
beautiful, commodious and costly build
ings, the public buildings as well as the
residences being very handsome. The
county courthouse, situated on Court and
i E streets, is the finest structure of Its
i kind in Southern California and equals I
any in the State. It is not yet completed ;
! and has already cost over $200,000. It was
; built without an issue of bonds and no |
| debt will be left for future generations. !
|It is a massive structure of Mentone I
■ stone with heavy columns of ColtOti mar- j
Me at every entrance. The interior is ,
finished with San Bernardino M6untain i
Pino.
The city has a splendid public library of I
4000 volumes, maintained in a modern ;
two-story brick building on Fourth street. '<
i It has over 200Q patrons and issues ltioo
j books each month. MYs. Ella Lawson is
I librarian, and the Library Board is com- !
posed. of Judge F. W. Gregg (president).
|E. E. Katz (clerk), John Anderson,
H. L. Drew and D. A. Moulton.
SCHOOLS— Few if any cities In Amer
ica of equal population offer better edu
cational advantages that San Bernardino.
| The schools are the pride of the city. The j
! system is a splendid one. The buildings, !
■ the appliances and the methods of In- [
! etructlon are in every sense up to date*
j In its earlier history the city wisely pro-
I vided grounds for all its school buildings,
both for those then in use and those that
have beon subsequently erected, and
these grounds are now a permanent part
of the property of the municipality. The
schools of the city are conducted in
eleven different buildings — four wooden
and seven of brick— which, with one ex
ception, have been erected during the
past decade. These, with their grounds,
represent a value of over $250,000. During
the present year forty-two teachers are
employed, including a special teacher in
drawing and music, and 1600 pupils are
enrolled.
The High School, with Its library, ap
paratus and grounds, is valued at $110,000.
It enrolls 225 students and employs the
labor of four men and two women in ad
dition to part of the work of the City
Superintendent, Professor N. A. Richard
son, and also of the special teacher in
drawing and music. It provides a four
year course in Eliglish, Latin, German,
history, mathematics, science and phy
sical culture, and offers as elective all
essentials to a good business course. Its
laboratories — biological, chemical and
physical— are as well equipped as any In
the State, excepting those at the uni
versities. The High School is fully ac
credited at the State University and at
Stanford and is well represented in these
educational centers. Since 1889 30 per cent
of its graduates have attended higher in
stitutions of learning. During the last
three years it has graduated eighty-three
pupils. An excellent system of schools is
maintained throughout the county. This
embraces three high schools, forty-six
grammar schools and eighty-four primary
schools. The value of the school property
in the county is nearly $r>oo,ooo and the
current school expenses for the last year
were $125,000. Miss Margaret M. Mogeau
is the efficient /Superintendent of the
Schools and is the first lady in the county
who was elected to office by vote..
There is an excellent private school in
the city kept by the Sisters of Mary, in
a large and well-arranged . building,
owned by the Catholic church, under the
direction of Father Cabaleria.
CHURCHES— AII the leading denomina
tions have churches in the city and most^
of them have handsome church edifices/
which range in cost from $1000 to $30,000.
The churches which have buildings are:
Baptist. Rev. A. J. Frost. D.D., pastor;
Presbyterian. Rev. R. B. Taylor, pastor;
First Methodist Episcopal, Rev. F. V.
Fisher, pastor; St. Paul's M. E. South,
Rev. J. W. Bain, D.D., pastor; Congrega
tional, Rev. J. G. Rollins, pastor; St.
John's Episcopal, Rev. J. H. D. Brown,
pastor; Christian, Rev. J. C. Mcßeynolds,
pastor; Catholic. Rev. A. Cabaleria,
parish priest; Latter-day Saints and
Christian Scientists. The county has
fifty-one church organizations and thirty
five church buildings.
NERVOUS TRIALS
OF AN UNDERSTUDY.
Do you know where the great actors
and actresses of the future will come
from?
From the ranks of the understudies.
And where do the understudies come
from?
San Bernardino has four banks, fur
nishing ample facilities, and all of them
! in excellent condition and in handsomo
j quarters. They are the Farmers' Ex
change Bank, the San Bernardino Na
tional Bank, the Bank of San Bernar
dino and a savings bank. The soundness
of these institutions has never been ques
i tioned.
NEWSPAPERS — The newspapers of
San Bernardino arc not surpassed by
any city of this size in the country. They
: are three in number, each of them pub
; lishinp daily and weekly editions, which
are well patronized. They are the Free
Press (independent), H. C. Warner,
owner and editor, and J. W. Headen city
editor; the Times-Index (Republican), F.
W. Richardson, publisher and editor, and
C. A. Whitmore, city editor; the Sun (Re
publican), R. C. Harbison, editor and
publisher, and Kendall Holt, city editor.
There are thirteen other papers published
in the county.
HOTELS— The city is well supplied with
hotels— the New St. Charles, the Stewart
and the Southern, besides a number of
other smaller hotels and apartment
houses. The restaurants of the city are
considered good.
CITY GOVERNMENT— The city gov
ernment is composed at present of the
Board of Trustees— J. B. Frith (presi
dent), C. L. Thomas, Monroe Stewart, J.
A. Wees and M. A. Pace; Recorder, J. D.
Faris; Attorney, Colonel C. C. Haskell;
Marshal, William B. Reeves; Clerk. Le
gare Allen; Treasurer, Marion Aldredge;
Assessor, Jeff McElwain.
RAILROAD FACILITIES— The city is
well provided with railway lines, being
situated on both the great transcontinent
al routes. It also has connection by rail
with Redlands, Riverside., Colton and
Highlands. There are, all told, sixty ar
rivals and departures of trains each day.
The county contains 415 miles of standard
gauge railroad, 128 miles of motor line
and 15 miles of streetcar lines. The city
is situated on the famous kite-shaped
track of the Santa Fe route.
The machine-shops of the Santa Fe
system are located here. They constantly
employ a large number of skilled mechan
ic*. The monthly payroll of these shops
averages $55,000, nearly all, of which is ex
pended in the city. These shops and the
railroads combine to make this a railroad
town in a measure.
OTHER INDUSTRIES— SeveraI cream
eries are operated in the city and vicinity,
with a capacity of 11,000 pounds of milk
daily.
The stores and business houses of the
city are large, and are usually construct
ed of brick or stone. They embrace all
lines of mercantile pursuits. The city
enjoys considerable wholesale trade with
the neighboring towns, and goods are oc
casionally shipped to Arizona and New
Mexico.
The manufacture of flour has lately
been receiving considerable attention. The
San Bernardino Roller Flour Mills (J. V.
Suman, proprietor) have recently been
erected in the heart of the city, and are
run constantly at a capacity of seventy
barrels of flour per day. Only Home
grown wheat is used, which is found to
produce a finer grade of flour than the
northern-grown grain. The motive power
is water.
The city is well lighted by the San Ber
nardino Electric Light and Power Com
pany, which has a ten-year contract for
public illumination. There is also a gas
company and another electric light com
pany in actual working existence, besides
several in embryo. The electricity is gen
erated by waterpower.
The Southern Hospital for the Insane is
in San Bernardino County, five miles from
the city limits, and is a lofty pile of
buildings, beautifully located on the sun
ny slopes of the San Bernardino Range,
surrounded by groves -of oranges and
tropical plants, and directly under the
snow-capped mountains. The view from
this spot is sublime. J. W. HEADEN.
We are a set of aspiring young peo
ple who are studying for the stage on
our own account, and we prefer the
practical lessons of the theater to the
theoretical ones of the dramatic
schools. Of course, there are under
studies and understudies — some mere
makeshifts, to whom many opportuni
ties come, but upon whom nobody's
mantle ever falls. The genuine under
studies are those who have the divine
fire in them and simply wait modestly
but eagerly for their chance.
The accidents that give underftudies
a chance to move suddenly to the front
happen every day. Girls jump from the
chorus to leading roles in comic opera.
The boy who came on the stage with
a card-tray last year and pompously
announced "Mr. Blinkinsquigg McGuin
ness" plays a good part this year. Even
the property man who holds aside the
curtain through which Rose Coghlan
passes when, as Lady Janet Maclin
tork, she arrives at the Duke of Shet
land's ball — yes, even he, through op
portunity, may develop into a farce
comedy star in a few years.
And I, who watch Mies Coghlan night
after night from my place in the ball
room — who knows but some unseen
chance is near for me, her understudy?
How we understudies long for that
chance, yet how we fear it! Every
night we stand in the wings, watching
each expression and movement of those
on the stage. Sometimes our imagina
tion carries us beyond the present time.
The great, the looked-for night has
come. We are on the stage saying our
lines, The loud burst of applause, the
curtain-call, is for us. We have suc
ceeded.
Then the property man calls
"Strike!" the stage hands begin to
change the scene and we are hustled
from our snug retreat. We realize that
we must hurry and dress or be late
for the next act. As we mount the
stage to our dressing-room we comfort
ourselves by saying, "Well, maybe it
will be to-morrow night; I will be even
better prepared then."
A principal generally delights in tell
ing her understudy that she is very ill,
almost too ill to appear, and then
watching the effect.
Sometimes, quite often In fact, she
will come to the theater blooming with
health, yet secretly inform her under
study that she felt so badly all day
that it was only with the greatest
difficulty she managed to report for the
matinee. "And, my dear child," she
will add, "be prepared to go in my
place this evening."
And then night comes. You go with
out your dinner; you remain at the
theater between the matinee and even
ing performance; you spend every mo
ment of your time getting on a good
make-up; you nervously say your lines
and cues over and over. You pray for
success; you think of the glories of to
morrow, following this evening's work.
You are so happy. Of course, you are
saying that Miss is ill, and you sin-.
cerely hope she will be well — to-mor
row!
You even make up your mind to send
her a lovely bunch of roses. You think
she is one of the sweetest women you
ever met. And then, just as the half
hour is called, you hear her merry
laugh, and you go tn her dressing-room,
all the while your heart beating rapid
ly, and you softly ask her "how she
feels." She will reply that her head
ache is entirely cured and she never
felt so well in her life.
And I am not the only understudy
who hfs had worries and trials.
2930
Personal News from along the Coast
The past week has been a lively one among
Pacific Coast people. Social functions have
been the rule in all parts of the State and
numerous weddings are reported. Several well
known people are seriously 111.
Auburn.
Mr and Mrs. Lew Ro?e are the guests of Mr.
and Mrs. Fred J. Mason of Newcastle
Miss Dippy D. Towles of San Francisco was
the guest of Mrs. C. H. Walsh last week.
Mrs Minnie Hailman and daughter, Grade,
of St.' Louis are here on a .isit.
Mrs. A. G. Suetsinger is the guest of Mr*.
of Gridley Is vistlng Mrs.
G M. Ford.
Jacob Roll and Ed Elder leave next week
for the Klondike via the Chilkoot Pass.
Miss Lizzie Peterson of Grass Valley is vlslt
lng her mother, Mrs. A. E. Burns.
Mrs. Lieber of Oakland is visiting her sister.
Mrs. H. W. Hart.
Mrs. Nellie Butts of Penryn Is visting her
brother, J. H. Blanchard.
Mrs. George Dyson Sr. has returned rrom
a two weeks' visit to Oakland.
Mrs. John McAninsch, who is at St. Luke a
hospital, San Francisco, is reported as Im
proving.
Mrs. J. T. McCall of Oakland is visiting Mrs.
•William C. McCoy.
Mr. and Mrs. John German have returned to
their home in North San Juan, after a visit
•with Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Buhrlng.
Ar\dersorv.
Mr and Mrs. Charles Hughes and son of Red
Bluff visited with William Weaver and family
last week.
Miss Mary M •in is here from Wisconsin for
a visit to her sister, Mr*. A. E. Fuller.
F A. Johnson of Sacramento was here Sun
day.
Miss Made I>ook of Bella Vista visited rela
tives here Saturday and Sunday.
Miss Lutie M. Fuller of Oak was here Satur
day.
Elmer Shanahan. son of T. W. H. Shanahan
of this place, is attending high school at Red
Bluff. He came home for a visit to his par
ents Friday an.l remained until Sunday.
Mrs. E. V. Bedford and daughters, Olive and
Grace, have returned from San Francisco.
David Baker has been quite sick, but is Im
proving and will soon be able to be out ayai n.
Joseph W. Zumwalt and family have moved
to Stockton and will make that place their
future home. •
Miss Ali.-e Frisbie left for Tacoma, Wash.,
Wednesday morninc, being railed there by the
sickness of her niece. Miss Helen Drake.
G. W. Bartner, C R. Tidd and W. H.
Gleason or < Jlinda were here Tuesday.
Camelia Parlor. N. D. G. W., is prepar
ing to give an entertainment and dance on
Kebruarv 22.
Miss Mabel Walden of Kedding visited friends
here Tuesday.
Mr. and Mrs. L. C. Frisbie were in Redding
Monday.
Miss M. Cameron of Denver. Colo., Is here on
a visit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. Cam
eron.
Mrs. Musick of Stockton is vtsting relatives
here.
Bakers field.
Mrs. Turnur Moncure of Mexico is visiting
her father, Solomon Jewett of Bakersfleld.
Mrs. E.] Jameson has returned home after
an extended visit in the southern part of the
6tate.
The lady Foresters of Kern entertained at
their lodgeroom Saturday evening, February
f. with Grand Past Chief Companion Mrs.
Harrington as guest of honor.
Alex J. Perry of the United States army and
Mr?. Perry were guests at the Southern last
week.
Miss Minnie Layers of Linns Valley is the
gnest of Mra. S. C. Smith.
Born, in Bakersfield, February 3, to Mr. and
Mrs. C. B. ("raw ford, a son.
The art loan exhibit given by the ladies of
the Congregational church February 10 was
one of the most successful and interesting
affairs' of the season, both socially and finan
cially.
Rev. E. R. Dille lectured here at the Meth
odist Episcopal church February' 7.
A very pleasant and informal reception was
given by Mrs. O. <". Conley, assisted by Miss
Webster, Friday afternoon, February 5. in
Jionor of Miss Burghardt. who is visiting Mrs.
R. H. Stevens.
The funeral of Daniel Dugan took place from
the Catholic church of Bakersfield Saturday
e'ternoon. The Order of Foresters assisted in
the obsequies. Deceased was one of Kerb's
irr sr highly respected citizens.
Mrs. S. K. FaJrchild of Sacramento is a
«j.:est of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Fairchild of
Ivorn.
M:s. J. R. Wlthrow of Delano Is visiting
Mrs. F. S. F.»n«on.
Mrs. Grey Oliver, who has been the guest
of Mrs. F. A. Tracy for the past month, left
for her future home in Tehachapl Friday.
Golfax.
Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Ewers have returned
from the mining fair at San Francisco.
Klse Mabel Stoakes has returned from Oak
land.
Miss Alice Mills is quite sick.
Superintendent A. Rodger of the Cedar
Creek mine at Shady Run is attending the
fair.
Edward Keskeys of lowa Hill has gone to
Michigan.
Mrs. John May has gone to San Francisco.
GloVerdale.
Lewis S. OtSs of Eureka is here on a visit
to his mother. Mrs. Elisabeth Otis; also to as
sist the Cloveruale band in their music for
the Citrus Fair.
Daniel M. Wambold Jr., after a year's ab
»ence in Eureka, has returned here for an in
definite stay.
Mrs. S. L). Fowler of Petaluma is visiting
her parents. Mr. and Mrs. John Dixon. intend
ing to remain until after the CUtub Fair.
Miss S. Spencer ot Oakland is a guest at the
residence of A. Bentley.
■lisa Lena Ornbaun o? Torkville is enjoying
a pleasant visit with her friend. Miss Cora
Ler'jux.
Mrs. J. Dui.liar returne<i Wednesday after a
two weeks' sojourn with friends in Santa Rosa.
Miss Margaret Parson* of Santa Rosa will be
her euest until after the fair.
F. P. Conner of the local firm, Shaw & Con
ner, accompanied by his wife, left this week
for the Kl-iiidikt-. A large concourse of friends
gathered at the depot to witness their de
parture and bid them godspeed.
Gordon Cameron, in business here for the
past fifteen years, left Tuesday for the Klon
dike. His son. Russell, will conduct the busi
ness during his absence.
Mrs. B. F. Green departed Wednesday for
a few weeks' visit with her daughter, Mrs. W.
T. Setchell, at Angel:-! ("amp.
George W. Coe spent a few days In the
metropolis this week in the interest of his
newly discovered gold mine near Cioverdale
Mrs. William Sohweltrer, T. M. Menlhan,
George B. Baer and J. A. Goujd were in Santa
Kosa on business the past week and W T
Brush in t'kiah.
Goiusa.
Rev. H. H. Wintler visited Colusa the past
week.
Mrs. H. M. Alberry and her daughter. Miss
Eliza Kirk, went to San Francisco Tuesday
last. . - ■
Miss Ethel Ford gave a party to her young
friends last week.
M. J. Boggs has-been quite 111 with la
. rrippe.
'.V. P. Harrington, the Colusa banker, has
returned from a prolonged stay In the city.
, Mrs. George Williams went down to Sacra
mento to visit her sick brother, Henry W.
Smith, who since died and was buried here
Wednesday, his father, A. Smith, and his sis
ter, . Mrs. Kamej-er. accompanying the remains
and returning to Sacramento last Wednesday.
Mrs. E. T. Crane has been visiting Mrs
Crutcher, her sister, at Williams.
Miss Emma Lamon of Austin, Texas Is vis
iting Mrs. H. L. Wilson.
R. W. Hopper, C. S. P., has been holding a
mission In the theater for th» past week. ,
Mrs. < Ada Howell of -Willows Is visiting her
sick aunt. Mrs. J. F. Wllkins, B .
Mrs. Richard Bayne of San Francisco is here
at the bedside of her mother. Mrs. J. F. Wil
kins. _
A. J. Marr, John Gillaspy and Rufus Lauge
.nour of Colusa County all visited Dunnigan
Tolo County.' the past week.
Mrs. Frank Davis of Afton visited her
father's family here last Tuesday.
Miss Grace McCoy Maxwel has been vlsltin«
at Princeton this week.
- Colonel George Hagar, president of the Co
luea : County Bank, is visiting his daughter
Mrs. A. L. Tubbs of Pacific avenue, San
Francisco. He has been ill, but Is reported
better. ■
Miss Elizabeth Murdock took the place of
Miss Annie Jones in our public schools. Miss
Jones was transferred to the Chico State Nor-
Fresno.
.Edwin Phillips, ex-superintendent of streets
of Stockton, was in Fresno the fore part of the
week.
E. R. Zlon of the Madera schools was In
town this week.
- W. J. Berry, the "Klondike King," was over
from Selma last Tuesday.'
Mrs. J. : P. Femald ■Is vsitlng friends In the
southern part of • the State. . • .. .- .•
Mrs. , William , Woolley of . San Jose has been
the guest of Mrs. Achllle Fournier.
■ August Weihe, the capitalist, is In town from
Ban Francisco In connection with his offer to
donate a park to the city. •:•, v
.... ■ ..' •: ■'.•• - .-
Deputy Sheriff Tiramlns has returned from a
visit to his old home in Ontario.
Cjilroy.
Mrs. John R. Matthews of Los Angeles and
her coiftln. Miss Frances Suffern, of Syracuse,
N. T.. are here settling up -the estate of the
late Mrs. Mary Hersey.
Councilman George Wentz has gone to Ari
zona on a health trip.
Edward F Johnson, a prominent young drug
gist of Gilroy, will wed Miss Elsie Garrett,
formerly of Sacramento, on Sunday, the 20th
inst.
Mrs. R. R. Hall has returned to her home In
San Jose.
Oscar Moore has been visiting friends in
Amador. fc . ,
V. E. Burrows, Jerry Ryan and John Del
cumum will leave for Alaska about the 20th
inst.
Mrs Taylor of Salinas has returned home
after a pleasant visit to her sister, Mrs. E. H.
Berry.
Mrs. Thorpe is visiting at the home of her
father, Judge Fox. of Redwood City.
Richard Pierce, superintendent of the Jack
son and Lakeview Mining Company of Lundy,
CW., visited his father here this week.
Qrass Valley.
George D. Roberts Is seriously ill.
Samuel Keast, who has had a severe attack
of pneumonia, died at hts home on Auburn
street.
William Madden Is visiting San Francisoo.
Theodore Kohler has gone to San Francisoo
on a visit..
George Quick has returned from Alaska.
George Lord, a pioneer citizen of Grass Val
ley died here this week. He served two terms
as Sheriff of Nevada County.
John Glasson and wife have returned from
a visit to San Francisco.
Samuel T. George has returned from Shasta
Mrs. Nell Wllhelm has returned from a vUlt
to San Francisco. '
S. E. Fiske and wife are home from Ban
Francisco.
Mrs. C. H. Hanklns has returned from Oak
land.
Miss Clara Ilphoff has returned from a pro
tracted visit to San Francisco.
Fred Sleep who has been to the bay has
returned.
Adam Lucas and wife are home from San
Maurice O'Connell and County Clerk J. J.
Greany are home after a pleasure trip to the
bay.
\V. C. D. Body and wife have returned from
San Francisco.
Hay Wards.
James Anderson and family departed last
week for Victoria, B. C, where they will
henceforth reside.
A sen has been born to the wife of J. \an
Hoosear.
Mrs. Joseph Gonzalves of San Francisoo Is
visiting her mother, Mrs. W. Kerr.
Mrs. F. Martin of Alameda Is here on a
visit to her aunt. Mrs. H. Gordon.
Miss Hasse. who has been visiting Mrs. M.
Stanton. has returned to her home at Stockton.
Frank Keating departed this week for Tracy
to make his future residence there.
R. Ligovri Is making preparations to leave
for the Klondike.
V. G. Dassel and wife have returned from a
sojourn at Niles.
Har\ford.
G. E. McDaniel of Bt. Louis has recently
taken up his residence in Hanford.
Zenas Kendall, wife and daughter of Hamil
ton. 0., who have been visiting with Charles
Kendall, have returned home.
William Degler of Long Valley, Lassen
County, who visited here a few weeks ago,
writes" friends that he is about to remove hts
household pods to this city.
F. L. Dodge, a well-known newspaperman
and prominent Republican, formerly of this
city, has returned to Los Angeles, where he
now r»sldes. after a brief visit to his brother.
Fred Dodge, editor of the Hanford Sentinel.
Under the auspices of the Woman's Club a
number of well-known society leaders and
belles are to give a valentine social here on
St. Valentine's day.
Members of the Young Men's Institute of the
Methodist Episcopal Church gave a "stag
party" and supper in the gymnasium last Sat
urday evening.
i
Hollister.
Dr. Her.drlcks of Hanford has returned to his
home after a short visit to friends and rela
tives in town.
The engagement of Miss Mattie Bonnel and
Frank Shore is announced. They will be mar
i ried in the very near future.
Mr. and Mrs. S. D. Morgan have come from
i Boulder Creek to live in Hollister.
Mrs Fanny Moore and son and Miss Nellie
Sowle ha\e removed to San Jose for a perma
nent residence.
Joe and Alfred McCrar, I. N. Thexbon and
A. E. Kile left for the Klondike Thursday.
A. Towle was taken ill with pneumonia on the
eve of his departure and was obliged to delay
going. Robert Logan left Saturday.
Senator Flint made a short visit to town this
Miss Amelia Deveigglo, formerly of Hollister.
was lately married to Mr. Meyer of San Fran
cisco.
IrVingtcm.
Mrs. J. C. Stannard of Glen Ellen Is vis
iting with Mrs. A. Laughltn.
Mrs. G. McCalvy of San Francisco is vis
iting with Mr. and Mrs. Montross.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Driver of Hayward were In
town Saturday.
Mrs. G. Bond gave a dancing party last Fri
day evening to a number of her friends, in
the large barn owned by Mr. Cronin.
Mrs. S. E. Green of Lincodn. Neb.. Is vis
iting with Mrs. J. H. McColl'iugh.
A double wedding anniversary was cele
brated at the Osgood home, Tuesday evening,
it being the fortieth anniversary of the mar
riage of Mr. and Mrs. S. E, Osgood, and the
twenty-seventh anniversary of Mr. and Mrs.
j p. Young. Tn '' invited guests arrived early
and whist was indulged In. Mj-s. G. McAlvey
and Mr. Lynutq Rabb were awarded prizes on
points the" booby prize falling to Mrs. A. B.
Montross and Mr. N. S. Babb. Supper was
served at midnight after which all departed
for their home?.
Miss E. Bingham of Oakland Is visiting with
Mrs S. McCollough.
Miss Byrd Watkinshaw of Los Gatos is the
guest of Mrs. Cutler at the Durham home.
LaUeport.
Mr and Mrs. E. S. Martin returned from
a two months' visit In San Francisco last Sun-
Mrs L P. Scranton has returned to her
home in Los Angeles, after an extended visit
with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. P. T. Boone.
Miss Grace Critcher of San Francisco was the
guest of Mrs. Srribner this week.
g' X MeMath and wife of Fort Bragg and
A 'b MrMath and wife of Elmlra were the
guests of Captain and Mrs. S. S. Russell this
week.
Miss Rosa Greene has returned from a
mnnth'^ visit at Mlddletnwn.
Misses Carrie and Tlllie Slotterbek are vis
iting In San Francisco.
Lodi.
F G Cary and wife have returned from a
visit with- A~lameda relatives.
Miss Minnie Florance is recovering from
a dansrerous illness.
W W Henderson and bride returned from
their wedding trip Monday, and a host of con
gratulating friends called during the evening
HERE ARE SOME QUITE CLEVER TRICES WITH MATCHES
THOUSANDS of works on magic
and second sight tricks which only
adepts could master have been pro
duced, but the most novel recent
contribution to literature of this
nature is that of a Frenchman
named Traumele. This man has spent a
lifetime conceiving tricks to be per
formed with ordinary household matches.
In his work more than a thousand tricka
are illustrated, with full Instructions how
to perform them. They range from the
construction of animated figures to the
building of temples of intricate archi
tecture. AH are produced by the clever
use of that commonest and cheapest of
all household necessaries, the wooden
match.
One of the simplest tricks demonstrates
the old story of the marooned negro, the
sailor-captors and the negro, all being
represented by matches. There are nine
teen sailors, making twenty men. repre
sented by twenty matches all told. It is
decided to kill one man. and the marooned
negro is given his choice of position in
line. He is represented by a reversed
match. Count is to be made in rotation,
and each seventh man is to go free. The
last man left is to die.
Where must the count begin bo that
the negro captive will be the victim?
The solution is simple. Let him select
any position, and then begin the count so
that he will be No. 3 at the outset and
his white captors will be safe. The re
versed match alone will be in position at
the conclusion. Figure A shows one of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRTJAEY 13, 1898.
as well as the members of an old-time charl
varling crowd.
Mrs. R. Cope visited with Stockton friends
Tuesday. ' .'■-.-> : . ■ , ■. -■ ■ .- '.- ,. .
Mrs. W. R. Slbbett and Miss O. Sibbett of
Oakland are visiting: with the family of James
Pope. - . ;."-s
Dr. E. A. Burchard Is around again after a
severe Illness of several weeks.
Dr. C. H. Gordon Is recovering from a «evere
illness. ■"."■.: . ....•■
Mrs. Dell Acker and children returned ; to
their home at Jamestown on Wednesday, after
a visit with relatives bere. ■■.
Mrs. M. Hamilton has been quite 111 during
the past week. , ..
A woman's Board of Missions has been or
ganized with Mrs. George Greenwell as presi
dent, Mrs. H. Matley as .secretary and Mrs.
Daggett as treasurer.
JYlorvterey.
-T. J. Field, : vice-president of the Bank ;of
Monterey, spent a portion of the week in Sa
linas.
Miss Lottie Boland Is visiting friends In the
interior of the county.
Rev. Father R. M. Ferrer of Gpnzales was In
Monterey Monday and Tuesday of this week.
Charles Underwood has returned from Berke
ley.
Miss Leila Perry of this city and Robert Mor
rison, a prominent merchant of Winters, Oal.,
wer i quietly married Wednesday morning at
the bride's home on Franklin street. Imme
diately after the ceremony the couple left for
Santa Cruz and thence for their future resi
dence In Winters. .
Attorney William James of San Jose visited
his parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. W. James, this
week.
Mr. and Mis. A. L. Luce came over from. Sa
linas Wednesday to attend the Perry-Morri
son wedding. • . ■ '.■:-„! --::-:-
William Han non, a real estate man of Mon
terey, was in Salinas this week on business
connected with the Carless estate, of . which
he is administrator. ■
Miss Alice Orton of San Jose la visiting her
sister, Miss F. B. Orton. ■ -
Roy Frazler of San Jose was In town a por
tion of the week.
David Rodriek came down from Berkeley
this week to look after business Interests here.
Mrs. H. E. Dodge and daughter, Gladys,
have gone to San Francisco for an extended
visit.
City Clerk W. E. Parker was In Castroville j
on Tuesday.
Joseph Escholle is here from San Francisco j
for a short stay with his family. '
F. S. Vosbell has gone to San Francisco to
remain permanently.
jAerczd. '
Miss Maud Ballard, after an extended visit
with her sister, Mrs. Isaac Bird, . returned to
her home in Santa Rosa Thursday.
Miss Delia Craighan of Hornitos is visiting
this week with her sister, Mrs. C. E. Kocher.
Mr. and Mrs. Dr. Knight of Santa Cruz came
to Merced last week In answer to a telegram
announcing the serious illness of their daugh
ter, Mrs. W. E. Dodge.
Mr. and Mrs. Mills, who have been the
guests of Mrs. Mills' brother. Ell Grimes, left
Thursday for Los Angeles, where they will
visit a few days and then return to their home
in Ohio.
Mrs. S. C. Cornell left on Friday for Cathay
Valley to spend a week with relatives.
Mrs. VanDusen went to Los Angeles Sunday
afternoon; where she will visit friends.
Mrs. ' Lucy S. Miller of Mariposa was in town
yesterday visiting with friends. • •
Miss Elma Law returned to her home in
Merced Friday after a visit of fifteen months
with friends in South Carolina.
Mr. and Mrs. R. R. Fowler returned home
Friday afternoon from a few days' visit in the
bay city.
Mrs. Clay Peering Is visiting in Merced as
the guest of her mother, Mrs. C. Ralston, and
other relatives and friends.
Mr. and Mrs. R. Barcroft are visiting this
week in Ban Francisco. !
J^arvjsVille.
Mrs. P. J. Delay Is visiting friends at Shert
i dan. Placer County.
Frank Enochs and Al Attklsson and wife of
Wheatland and Ed Xooner of Sutter County
have left for the Klondik*
Peter Engel and wife were In San Jose to
I celebrate the seventy-fifth birthday of Mr.
1 Kngel's father, on which occasion there was
■ a family reunion.
1 Mrs. Carrie Thomas, who visited her mother,
Mrs. Ed Hollen, has returned to her home In
! Los Angeles.
Miss Mattle Meyer is home from a visit to
her uncle, John Fells, In San Francisco.
Mrs. A. B. Smith of Madera is visiting her
sons. West G. Smith and J. W. Greely.
Dr. C. E. Stone has been appointed inspector
of the Twelfth Masonic District.
Conrad Wideman has arrived from San Fran
| Cisco to take charge of the Marysville Turn
Verein classes in gymnastics and languages.
Miss Ruth Wilkins has returned from a visit
to friends in Gridley.
Mrs. J. A. Standiford is visiting relatives in
Los Angeles.
I George Stewart and sister. Miss Laura, of
San Jose are visiting their aunt, Mrs. M. L.
Bachus of Yuba City.
Mrs. Samuel McClure and Mrs, Catharine
Sullivan of Sutter County are home from the
! Mining Fair.
Henry Van Tiger, who was dangerously 111,
U convalescent.
Dr. G. W. Stratton and wife. Miss Reynolds,
Miss Aldean Roddan, Mrs. A. P. Llpp and R.
E. Bevan and wife were in Wheatland to at
! tend the funeral of Mrs. Jasper.
N. J. Smith and wife and Miss Ada Boor
| man are home from the Hay.
A. R White of Oakland is visiting relatives
i here.
Miss Tudie Russell ha* returned from a visit
i to Fresno and San Francisco.
Mrs. Howard Reed of Biggs visited her
: mother, Mrs. O. S. Cooley, In this city.
I George B. Leech of Portland, Or., Is visiting
i his brother. William Leech, whom he had not
i seen for nineteen years.
Miss Susie Irwin visited her sister, Mrs.
James McCllntock. at Punsmmr.
Ray F. Storking and wife and Samuel F.
Smith are here from San Diego to spend a
[ month with relatives.
I Attorney W. H. Carlin and wife accompanied
his aged parents. Mr. and Mrs. Edward Carlln
I of New York, who are visiting here, to the
i Mining Fair at Ran Francisco.
Mrs. Lena Schlessinger will leave for Ger
' many shortly, being In San Francisco at pres
: ent, to settle some business matters and to
I place her son in a business college. '
D. C. Halsey, the well-known hotel man of
' Woodland, was here this week, accompanied
I by his wife.
X.' D. Rideout and -wife, A. F. Abbott and
i wife', M. E. Sanborn and R. E. Bevan are
! hoa^e from the Mining Fair.
J. O. Brittan and wife have returned from
i San Francisco.
: Thomas E. Holmes and bride are home from
■ Southern California.
Miss Lena Gobar of Fan Jose hap arrived to
I live with her slstei, Mrs. F. A. Lathrop.
fnierxlo Park.
Mrs. Louis Golder is spending a few weeks
■with friends here.
Mrs. E. B. Ryan and her daughter, Daisy,
leave for the East March 1.
Miss Harrington of Oakland Is visiting her
brother, Thomas Harrington.
An entertainment for the benpflt of the free
reading-rooms, given In Assembly Hall Satur
day evening, was largely attended.
Mrs. Kaston and daughters leave for the
Orient the first of the month.
Miss Emma Kugeler has returned from the
metropolis.
JtaVada City.
Mrs. James A. Northway leaves next Thurs
day for Skaguay to Join her husband.
Will J. Pascoe. a resident here prior to 1868,
Is up from San Francisco on a visit.
. Miss < Jessie V Marsh is visiting Mrs. B. H. I
Preston at Sacramento. • :
Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Engelbright entertained
the Excelsior Whist Club Monday evening. •
Miss May Phelan and her brother, Thomas, ;
have gone to San Francisco for the benefit or |
th/s young gentleman's health. .; •v- v
Mrs. L. M. Kingdon has returned from an
extended stay in San Francisco. -
Mrs. I. H. Thayer who has been the guest
of Mrs. R. M. Hunt, has returned to San ,
Francisco.. « . . ,
Superintendent Mather of the Plumbago !
mine has returned from New York. ' . -
A. M. Gray of San Jose, ex-principal of the
Nevada City -schools, is in town.
Mr. and Mrs. ■Jo V. Snyder hay« returned
from their weading tour.
PetalumaV
■ Rev. Father Leahy : has returned from San j
Francisco. -\ ■ ■••. -ssaBKBBt^W" 1 . '
Rev. George E. Davis, wife and child have i
left for their future home at Chlco, where Mr.
Davis will ' commence his duties as associate
pastor of the Baptist church. t ■ •_
• Mrs. Mary E. Teats, the •W. C. T. U. lee- I
turer, who has been visiting here, has gone
to Santa Rosa. j. „ ■■' .. '
The many friends of Miss Estelle New
burgh will be pleased to hear that she is on
the road to recovery and will soon be home.
Miss Martha Tompson and Miss Carrie Wil
liams returned from a visit to San Fran- ,
° J?°J. Livernash of San Francisco was in town. j
Monday. , .
Mr. and Mrs. Bergevin have returned from
Ban Francisco. Club had , their usual evening
The Literary Club had their usual evening
meeting, when current events, both grave and ;
gay, ; were discussed by the members. .
The Rebekahs of Silver Spray Lodge had an
impromptu muslcale and literary programme,
rendered after their business meeting. A pea- ,
nut hunt, which was greatly enjoyed, wound
up the evening's entertainment. _„,, «„
The Whist Club commenced this wmk. bo
we may soon expect to hear of some grand |
"The farmers are Jubilant over the late rains ;
and- everybody Is happy over the Improved j
PI The eC g-talked-of advent of a shoe factory j
In the town has ■at last become a tact and
work has commenced upon the bu'ldin*. It
will be located in East P^^who dlss
building will be readily seen by all who pass
by on the train. •
Pomona.
The engagement of Henry W. Anderson of
Oakland and Miss Annie E. .."W ilson of Pomona
is announced. The marriage will probably
take place in May. •", . _ ( _ -_
Miss Alice Griffin is the guest ol : her sister.
Mrs. Daniel T. C. Perkins in San Francisco
Senator S. N. Androus. of the Paclflc Coast
Jockey Club, is home for a fortnight s vaca
tion at his ranch. ,-<_ii«-o i, < n
President Ferguson of Pomona CoMeg>- is in
Chicago on business connected with th« col
le Harry"M. Howland is visiting for a few
weeks In San Francisco. »-_*« i n«« t>,pi r
F. M. Martin and wife entert < al ,?^L} h l '
friends at an elaborate dinner Allowed by
cards, at their home en Tuesday e^'ng. .
Rev. W. E. Bender and wife of Ontario in
this locality, left on Monday for a seven
months' trip through- Europe and the Holy
L peter Fleming, one of the pioneers In Pomo
na Valley and a leader in this city died^sud
denly at his home on Garey avenue on Tues
da Mrs. lK E t A. Podgham and Miss Julia Moore
have returned from a visit In San Francisco
George C. Wlckware. who has lived at the ,
Occidental Hotel in San Francisco for over
twenty years, has built the most elegant and ;
siehtly home in Pomona Valley and he and
his wife are about to move into the residence.
Pacific Qro\te.
E C Morrison came down from San Fran
cisco this week and Is at El Carmelo Hotel.
Mrs. G. Nichols is spending the week as ths
5 B "Patrick, head clerk at El Carmelo
Hotel, has returned from a several weeks trip
through the State.
Judge Durham, formerly a professor m the
Irvington College, at Irvington Cal., Is visit
ing the family of Judge J. R. Patrick.
The Olsen brothers, lumber merchants or this
town, have gone to San Francisco en route to
the Klondike.
John Flournoy and wife of San Francisco
have returned to Pacific Grove after a flying
trip to San Francisco.
A. E. Heringer is down from Ban Josa lor a
e Mrs a> George H. Hart has returned to her
home in Salinas after a week's Btay with
relatives here.
E Clinton Houston of San Francisco spent
a few days of this week at El Carmelo Hotel.
Miss Evelyn Mc<V,rmick. the talented artist
of San Francisco, came to Pacific Grove Mon
day to remain some time. She is fitting up a
studio in one of the rooms of the picturesque
old Monterey custom house.
Mr. and Mtf. C. J. Martin are passing the
week in San Jo?=e.
Miss Bessie Cornish has returned from a two
weeks' stay In San Francisco.
Mr. and Mr.=. Bnuvnell of Sacramento left
Wednesday for Southern California, where they
will pass the cominK spring season.
N. Meyers of Woodland is at El Carmelo
Hotel for February and March.
Mr. and Mr*. L. O. Hare, who hay? been
visiting relatives here for the past two weeks,
have returned to their home In Salinas. •
Jtedding;
Mr. and Mrs. W. C Raymond have returned
to San Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. R. E. Hufford were her* from
Whitmore.
Mrs. Lehman Blum has returned from San
Francisco, where she visited her daughter who
Is attending hieh school.
Miss I>ella Frisbie was up from Anderson.
Mrs. M. E. Heaton and son of Iron Mountain
have gone to San Francisco.
Miss Belden has returned to her home In
Canton, O.
Miss Alice Meyers visited friends in Ander
son.
Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Strode of Stella are visit
ing in Pan Francisco.
Miss M. Mabel Walden visited In Anderson.
Fed Bluff.
Mrs. O'Keefe of Dunsmulr, who has been the
guest n/ Mrs. Joseph Wexelberger, returned
home Tuesday morning.
Miss Ella Warren is visiting her sister, Mrs.
Henry B. Frisbie, near Anderson.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Unash are In Duns
muir.
Miss Kittle McCallum, who has been here on
a visit to her sister, Mrs. J. L. Kennan, re
turned to f'ulusa Monday.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Hughes and son, Kdgar,
are home from a visit to relatives at Anderson.
Rev. Thomas H. Gilbert went to San Fran
cisco Monday, and will return in a few days
with Mrs. Gilbert and Rodney.
Miss Mary Browning of Woodland Is the
guest of Miss Alice Mayhew.
The portrait tea at the home of Mrs. David
W. Gedney on Tuesday afternoon was a very
enjoyable affair. There was a constant stream
of callers between the hours of 2 and 5. and all
were given a warm welcome by the gracious
hostess.
Santa Ar\a.
Miss Ada Galloway Is visiting friend* In Los
Angeles.
Mrs. A. Gee Harlln of Colton spent several
days with friends here last week.
George E. Peters, deputy county recorder,
returned last week from Los Angeles, where
he has been stopping for the benefit of his
health.
J. Grant Talbott. the well-known Jeweler,
! was married Wednesday evenTng of last week
; to Miss Bertha Gallup, the charming daughter
I of Mr. and Mrs. E. E. Gallup of this city.
; After spending a few days at Mount Lowe
, the couple will return to Santa Ana to reside.
Mrs. J. T. Cook of Los Angeles was the
, guest of her mother, Mrs. Ira Chandler, last
i week.
Sar\ Luis Obispo.
Miss Mlgnon Krebs has returned from a visit
with friends In San Francisco.
Rev. and Mrs. C. H. Lawrence of Arroyo
Grande left Saturday for Los Angeles. Mrs.
Lawrence will visit relatives at Long Beach
while her husband attends the Epworth as
sembly.
Miss Sarah Wayland of Paso Robles has re
turned from an extended visit in Los Angeles
and Pasadena.
Miss Alberta Dodson of Cambria is the guest
of relatives In Paso Robles.
Mrs. E. Cripps is visiting friends in San Jose.
Mrs. Hattie Barclay of San Francisco Is the
guest of her sirter, Mrs. F. A. Dorn.
Mrs. M. Faustino has returned from a visit
with relatives in San Francisco.
The Misses Lesa and Kate Bell have retnrned
rrom a visit In San Francisco and San Jose.
William E. Fuller left Saturday for Los
Angeles, where he Is to be married shortly to
Miss Cora Lyons of Walton. N. T.
Miss Alice O'Connor of Edna has returned
from a visit to friends in San Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. I. Lasar and Mr. and Mrs. M.
Lasar have returned from San Francisco.
Charles Hogg of San Jose, a grand trustee
of the Foresters of America, paid Court Star
No. 35 an official visit Friday evening. He was
given a banquet.
St. Helena.
Miss Arlle McCormlck went to the city Mon
day and entered Heald's Business College.
l harles A. Wetmore, ex-vltlcultural com
missioner, has been spending the week in St.
Helena.
Leslie B. Heath, a former St. Helena boy. Is
over from Healdsburg for a short stay.
Fred Clark, for two years foreman of the
at tie Sentinel, left Wednesday for Se-
Frank Pellet, Myron Richie and Otto Schmidt
were in the metropolis last week purchasing
outfits for their Klondike trip. They leave here
on the 20th. The outfits are on exhibition In
town and attract much attention.
Miss Emily Burnham of Healdsburg is vis
iting her aunt, Mrs. E. B. Potter.
Harry Prouty left Saturday for Reno, Nev.,
where he has a position on the Evening Ga
zette. His family will follow In a short time.
Joe Morris, who has been absent several
months in South America and the Hawaiian
Islands on the U. S. S. Adams, came horn«
Wednesday to pay his parents a short visit.
Miss Mary Penland of Vallejo was sum
moned to St. Helena Sunday by the illness of
her sister.
Miss Ed a Beringer returned from San Fran
cisco Wednesday evening.
Dan E. Williams, formerly of the St. Helena
Star, left Portland Friday for Fort Wrangel,
Alaska, where he has secured a lucrative po
sition.
Sar\t& Barbara.
Robert May of Minnesota, who Is making
a visit to the cities of this coast. Is here for a
few days.
P. J. Blaok of Arroyo Grande Is here visit
ing Mrs. Phillip Stewart, his relative.
A. C. Welch, who has lately closed out his
business here, has left with his family for
Burton, Kas., where he will re-engage In trade.
George T. Coles, late a resident of Santa
Barbara. Is now manager of the Cottai Rancho
In Sonoma County.
Mrs. M. Burroughs of Marshall, Mo., who
has made a recent extended tour of Texas,
Mexico and other States In that vicinity, Is
here visiting her mother, Mrs. Tousley, on
Pedregasa street.
O. W. Ninsdale, after an extended visit with
his niece. Miss Burnap, has returned to his
home in San Francisco.
Ira Loomls, one of the native sons of Santa
Barbara, has departed for San Francisco,
where he will take a position.
Sarv Jose.
The Santa Clara County Floral Society gava !
; a "violet tea" Saturday afternoon at Pythian ;
| Hall. Miss Eliza D. Keith of San Francisco
: gave one of her interesting talks.
] Miss May Burns is visiting in Oakland.
A reception was tendered Chauncey Shaw
! and Paul Moore, who leave for Alaska next
week, by the Pi Delta Kappa Society of the j
; High School Friday night.
Mrs. Anna C. Reardon of Clifton, Arizona, Is i
' visiting her daughter, Mrs. Hugh Mel. Porter. |
! Mrs. H. Mayo Newhall Spring returned Tues- !
i day from an extended pleasure trip through the
I Eastern and Southern States.
Miss Elizabeth Y. Murphy is the guest of
I Miss Alice Masten In San Francisco.
The engagement of Miss Lillian Gunn and
Sidney J. Wedmore has been announced.
Mrs. Charles W. Williams is visiting rela
tives in Arizona.
Mrs. Julia Hare of Pacific Grove was the
guest of Mrs. Platt Gregory this week.
Miss Nellie North has returned from a trip
to San Diego.
Mrs. N. G. Argues and Clement! Argues ara
in the City of Mexico.
Miss Isabella Tennant of San Francisco 1*
visiting Mrs. H. M. N. Spring.
Sar\ta Gruz.
Mrs. William Palmer Is spending a couple of
weeks In Watsonville on a visit.
Mrs. F. W. Swanton and daughter, Pearl,
have returned, after spending Blx weeks in
San Francisco*.
Mrs. Lynam Maguire and Bon are over from
Lris Gatos. They are spending a few weeks
and are occupying their summer cottage at
Garfield Park.
Harry Warner has gone to Canada on a vistt
to relatives.
Mr. and Mrs. P. C. Hodges, who have been
spending several weeks in their cottage at
Garfield Park, have returned to their home In
Gilroy.
Fred W. Stevens has gone to Seattle.
Colonel and Mr?. Herzog of San Rafael have
returned home after a pleasant visit with Mr.
and Mrs. I. Klelsig.
Mrs. Hazzard Gragg, after spending blx
weeks with her mother, Mrs. Louisa Drennan,
has returned to her home In San Luis Obispo.
Mrs. Fred Peterson is visiting Mrs. George
Blake of Alameda.
Mrs. James Lewis of Gilroy is vißiting her
mother, Mrs. Elizabeth Chace, on Mission
street.
George H. Arnold, late of the St. George
Hotel, has gone to San Francisco.
Mrs. J. C. F. iiall has taken up her resi
dence at Pinole.
Rev. L. L. Wlrt of San Francisco upent a
few days of this week In Santa Cruz.
David Glover has gone to St. Paul, Minn.,
on a visit to his old home.
Mrs. E. B. Wenban of San Francisco spent
a few days this week in this her old home.
Talbot Ware has returned from a two weeks'
visit in San Francisco.
Miss Minnie Ware, who has been spending
three months with her sister, Mrs. S. Bedell,
in Oakland, has returned home.
Miss Frances Lockhart is down from San
Francisco and will winter in Santa Cruz.
Miss Mabel Chace is In Oakland and will
spend several months as me guest of her sis-"
ter, Mrs. Ernest Col ton, at Vernon Heights.
Miss Rose Pfltzer is home from a visit to
relatives In Volta and Stockton.
W. D. Hai<lam. cashier of the City Bank,
has returned from San Francisco.
Dan Flannery was over from San Jose this
week.
Joseph Schwartz Is home from San Luis
Obispo.
Judge L. F. Smith was In San Francisco
this week.
Miss Georgle Skinner has returned from Sac
ramento. '
Mrs. E. Baehner of Minneapolis, Minn., is
the guest of Mr. and Mrs. E. Louis Wenks on
Soquel avenue.
Mrs. Frank McLaughlin and Miss Agnes
McLaughlln are in San Francisco.
Miss Jennie Perkins, who has been spending
the winter at her old home In Wisconsin, re
turned to-day.
Miss Cottle has returned from Santa Clara.
Mr. and Mrs. L. H. Comstock of Bonny Dory
left Wednesday for Arizona.
Mrs. Frank Steams Is In San Jose on a
Mrs. J. T. Sullivan Is at Stanford University
on a visit to her daughter, Miss Minnie Sulli
van.
Miss Sarah Graves is visiting in Holllster.
Edward Kelsey has gone to Seattle to re-
Mrs. W. D. Haslam, who has been visiting
her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Alford. in
Tulare. and her sister, Miss Daisy Alford, in
Los Angeles, has returned home.
Sorvora.
S. R. Thome, a prominent mining man ot
San Francisco, has been in town on mining
business during the past two weeks.
Mrs. G. A. and Miss C. Leland of Jamestown
were recent visitors to the Bay City.
Thomas Arthur, late editor of the Lnion-
Democrat, but now of San Francisco, was In
town a few days since.
I. N. Wright of Tulare is at present visiting
his son In this county, G. W. Wright.
Senator J. H. Shine' returned from San rran
cl&co recently. ■
C. C. Morey, accompanied by his wife, nan
returned within the past few days from a visit
of two weeks to the metropolis.
Mr. Ahzderaln of Fresno was on out streets
the past week. __
A. Mittenbach of the Dutch mine. Quartz
Mountain, was in town the early part of the
week.
Miss Ray Arendt of San Francisco was visit
ing relatives here up to a few days ago.
J. Van Voorhies of Alameda wu in tne
county on mining business the past few days.
P. A. Buell. the lumber merchant of Stock
ton, was among Sonora's visitors during the
last few days.
Mr. and Mrs. F. Rowe of Stockton are at
present visiting friends in this county.
Miss E. Helmore i B visiting relatives at Sierra
Mudre, Los Angeles County.
Salinas.
Miss Anita Parker, who has been visiting
friends In San Francisco and Oakland for sev
eral weeks, has returned home.
A very pretty church wedding took place In
this city this week. Lawrence A. Beevers and
Miss Florence A. Conner were united by Father
Stoeters at the Catholic church. The couple
will reside In the Ed Jeffery cottage on John
street.
Hiram Corey and wife and Mrs. G. A- Daugh
erty have returned after an extended visit to
Palm Springs, Arizona.
Some of the principal Sallnasites who have
left for the Klondike this week are Louie
Myers, J. W. Kirk. Mose Meyer. Charles Wal
ter. B. Gilardi. A. Giottoni, Ed Jeffery and
wife and H. B. Smith.
Miss Edna Roberts of San Francisco, who
has been visiting the Misses Mamie and LU
lie Vanderhurst in this city, has returned
home.
Mrs. W. H. Pyburn is visiting friends in
Monterey.
A reception was tendered Tuesday evening
by the ladles of the guild of the Episcopal
church to their new pastor and wife, Rev. and
Mrs. L. C. Sanford. There were about 200 In
vited guests present.
Miss Teresa Zabala. who has been visiting
her brother. Dr. Frank Zabala, in San Fran
cisco for the past few weeks, has returned to
her home in this city.
Sarxta Glara.
Miss Bessie Woodham has returned after a
visit to San Francisco.
Miss Alice Halnes has returned to San Fran
cisco after a visit to her parents.
Mi3s Mary Fairy has returned from a San
Francisco visit.
Mrs. A. E. Osborne, who has been the truest
of Dr. and Mrs. Worrald, has returned to her
home at Glen Ellen.
Miss M. Peralta Is visiting In San Luis
Oblspo.
R. Leaf of San Francisco has been visiting
friends In town.
Mr. and Mrs. William Fleury are entertain
ing Mrs. A. Fleury of San Francisco.
Sonoma.
Mr. and Mrs. WUltam Wyatt returned Mon
day from a visit to Petaluma.
Mrs. A. E. Osborne, after visiting Mrs. Wor
rell of Santa Clara, has returned to her home
at Eldridge.
Mrs. W. P. Edwards of Petaluma visited her
husband. Secretary Edwards of the California
Home, last Saturday and Sunday.
Owing to the transferring of Joseph McMol
len to Santa Rosa w. N. Copelan, formerly of
Healdsburg, has taken his place as station
agent at Schellville.
M. Noe, a photographer, has located here
with his family.
Mrs. J. H. Sackett and Mrs. N. Wheret of
Coos County, Oregon, are visiting at the
Cheney residence.
Mr. and Mrs. Claude Burlingame have re
turned to San Francisco, after visiting Mr.
and Mrs. H. Appleton.
Mra. L. Walliser returned from San Fran
cisco the fore part of last week.
Mrs. R. A. Poppe visited in San Francisco
Wednesday.
The Sonoma Volunteer Fir« Company held
their annual banquet on Wednesday night last
A large number of invited guests sat down to
the banquet board, and amid the feasting and
drinking to the health of the firemen a de
lightful evening was passed.
Sar\ta Jtasa.
Mrs. Thomas Hopper and her sister. Mrs.
Culver, visited San Francisco this week.
Mrs. James Marshall is spending a few days
with friends in San* Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. J. L. Dinwiddle of Petaluma
were here on Thursday.
Mrs. Hine. accompanied by her son, George
Hine of San Francisco, have spent the week
at the home of Mrs. Thomas L. Thompson.
Mr. and Mrs. George E. Dunham of Utlca,
N. V., visited Judge Ira C. Jenks of this city
this week. Mr. Dunham is editor of the Utica
Press and president of the Chamber of Com
merce of that city.
Mrs. A. S. Wright entertained the following
ladles at a violet luncheon at her elegant home
on McDonald avenue on Thursday: Mrs.
Thomas. Mrs. Porter. Mrs. Finlaw, Mrs. Hah
man, Mrs. Hardin, Mrs. Edwards, Mrs. Spen
cer, Mrs. Rue and Mrs. Wright.
D. N. Carithers lias returned from Sacra
mento and will in future make his home In
this city.
Editor H. H. Grannice of the Sonoma Index-
Tribune spent Wednesday in this city.
The young ladles of St. Mary's Guild of the
Episcopal church will give an entertainment
in Germania Hall on Wednesday evening.
Judge Henshaw of the Supreme Court spent
Tuesday in this city.
Miss Olive Ingrams of this city and W. T.
Walker of Sebastopol wore married on Wednes
day evening and will make their home at that
place.
Mr. and Mrs. McMullen have established
themselves In their new home In this city.
Julare.
Mrs. Grace Cather of Los Angeles came ud
Monday to be at the bedside of her father
J. NT. Anderson, who died Tuesday.
J. H. Aiken. R. Chandler, George Dlmlck
Charles Ayer and P. J. Slifer have left for the
Alaska gold fields.
B. P. Oakford, accompanied by his mother,
the : many positions in line in /which the
reversed match may be placed
Several different -sets' of , ten • Watch**
each may be; taken from twenty!?* „•
ranged as infigure'B. in suchamo
that only four squares vssfi
shows three solutions. '
- Frorn^; fortyj matches arranged as in
main. -Figure E.hoW, hiw to &,' '
amusing.'. Cutthe.body of the object you
In order that they may move, cardbS
In order that they may move. : the ■ limbs
must be cut out separately. On the Srk
of the figure-to be more ;: realistic ' the
front might a be ; decorated by a colored
drawing-fasten-, the -limbs: to the body
by; using ; bent matches., the ■ hinges beine
: near the ; tops ; of the limbs. , Each end of
,th« : bent 1 match must b * secured tofthe
cardboard. For this the best thing to
use Is a drop of shellac. -, Figures F ' G and
H Illustrate how this may be done 'When
: complete place i the ; figure f flat . on " a thin
layer •; of -water, touching the - matches
only; and it will , move and appeal tS hi
animated. .After - drying : the P flgur c may
be» used again." ?, .- - *
'\i This French ; match : expert { gives < hun
dreds iof r simple : problems, but ' they are
none ; the • less puzzling ; because ; of their
simplicity. -:■■■ Here zis ". one •: of \ them • How
can s three-fourths : of , a dozen . matches be
placed; on a table so that they wlL 1 form
three and a I half dozen i matches ?• Fol
lowing ils the \ explanation : i Place • three
matches together fa a pile and six others
in another pile, and there you have three
and a half dozen matches.
left Thursday for Pasadena. They will be ab
sent two weeks.
W. A. Montag of Fresno Is visiting with th«
family of J. L. Turner.
Miss Mada Ham, assisted by the Junior claai
of the High School, entertained the middle and
senior classes at Ham's Hall Friday night.
George Langenberg, forest Inspector, is In
town.
Fred Coleman of Dos Paloa has been here on
a business \isit.
Mr. and Mrs. L. E. Belflls of Roseburg. Or.,
are visiting their parents, Mr. and Mrs. L. Bel-
Ills. They will spend a month in Tulare and
then proceed to Los Angeles.
Rev. C. S. Linsley of Hanford spent Monday
In Tulare. From here he went to Randsburg,
where he will remain for a week.
Mrs. C. H. Rendell and daughter, lone, at
tended the McGee-Owen nuptials at Portervllla
"Wednesday, the Sth inst.
J. F. Townes ef the Sunset Telephone Com
pany is here putting in connections for Tulax*
business houses.
Mrs. J. F. Bachelder is in Kern City at
tending Mrs. Mamie Bachelder, who has been
very sick.
Mrs. Helen M. Sexton, a trained nurse ol
many years' experience, has opened a sani
tarium In Tulare.
Mrs. A. T. Cotton has Improved her residence
by having the same painted.
J. J. Cairns of Lindsay was In town Tues
day.
Ventura.
Mr. and Mrs. H. L. Winetnan <sf Dertla
Ijiks, Dakota, are visiting with Mr. and Mrs.
S. M. Wineman and family. They are oa
their honeymoon.
Hon. t. F. Eastln, editor of the Ventura In
dependent, waa'ln Los Angeles and Pasaden*
last Saturday.
Mrs. John Ayers is visiting in Petaluma.
Mrs. A. C. Hardlson and three children r»
turned last week from an extended visit la
Peru, South America.
A. W. Burrel, president of the California
Bridge Company of Oakland, Is In this city.
R. A. Freeman, editor of the OJal, wu In
Ventura Tuesday.
C. W. Robinson has gone to San Lull Potort,
Mexico.
Visalia.
Mr. and Mn. A. F. Balch and daughter of
Marshal ltown, la., are here on a visit to Mrs.
Mattle Stevens. Mr. Balch is vice president of
a bank.
Miss Ella Boynton has returned to her horn*
at Napa after a visit here with her brother,
J. M. Boynton, the druggist.
Mrs. W. P. Ratliff was over from Tulare a
few days since to see her father leave for th«
Klondike.
Mrs. C. C. Arkle and child have gone back
to their home at Arroyo Grande, in San Luis
Obispo County, after visiting relatives.
Mr. and Mrs. S. D. Simpson have gone to
Modesto on a visit to the relatives of Mrs.
Simpson.
W. B. Wallace has been in San Francisco tha
past week on business before the Circuit Court
of Appeals.
Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Casebolt and Mr. and
Mrs. E. S. Casebolt have returned to their
homes In Saline County, Mo., after spending
three months at this place.
Al Matins, proprietor of the American
bakery, is getting ready to leave in March for
the Klondike.
Major C. J. Berry and wife and J. J. Fulg
ham of this place have been elected delegates
from the granf»e to the Free Market conven
tion at San Francisco on the 23d of February.
Mr. and Mrs. Dan G. Overall have moved
to Vlsalia from Lemon Cove. Mr. Overall has
entered the hotel business.
Joe Stevenson, formerly of the Richelieu
restaurant in San Francisco, is now chef of
the Palace Hotel here.
George K. Smith is on his way back to his
home in Eastern lowa after visiting friends at
this place.
WatsorWille.
li. D. Holbrook was a San Francisco visitor
this week.
C. S. Templeton, formerly of this city, is
now a coffee planter in Mexico.
Fred Johnson and James Jacobsen left this
week for the Klondike country.
Henry Alexander spent a few days of this
week In San Francisco.
Mrs. J. Malcolm and son. Robert, of San
Francisco were visiting relatives here this
week.
Miss L. V. Shaw of Spreckels was a Wat
sonville visitor this week.
Mrs. Dr. Oliver of Chico Is the guest of her
parents, K. T. Redman and wife.
L. D. McLean of the Ford Company was
a visitor to the coast metropolis this week.
John B. Brown and wife are down from San
Francisco on a visit to old friends.
Miss Mabel Kilburn spent a few days of this
week at Santa Cruz.
Miss Alberta Cox has returned to her school
at San Lucas after a pleasant visit to her
parents.
Miss Mabel Buckhart left this week for
Spreckels, her future home.
Mrs. J. L. Kostfr and Mrs. George L«ita
were visitors to Spreckels this week.
Winters.
Mlsa Edna Rust of Jackson Is vlsitin* friend*
here.
Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Councilman of Montlr
cello were visiting relatives here this week.
Robert Morrison, a leading of this
town, went to Monterey Wednesday, where
he was married to Miss Leila Perry. After a
short wedding trip they will return here next
week to live.
Mrs. Edward Lahey has returned home from
San Francisco, where she had been about six
weeks.
Mr. and Mrs. Banks Crosthwaite of Vaca
ville were visiting friends in Winters Thurs
day.
Woodland.
A. B. Rodman was an arrival Wednesday.
Mrs. John KretJier has returned to San
Francisco.
Mrs. Charles Rickard has returned from Sac
ramento.
Fred Huntington visited his parents last
Thursday.
O. A. Lowe is in San Francisco.
L. N. Hllliker has returned from Ban Fran
cisco.
Judge Gaddls is in Sacramento.
Mrs. John Zecker and Mrs. G. Mezger have
returned from San Francisco.
George Bullock of Sacramento visited his
mother and sister Sunday.
Fred Porter and wife have returned horn*
from Dunnigan.
Hon. Eugene Aram and County Treasurer
Wood were arrivals last week.
Miss Elsie Overmeyer is {he guest of John
Craig and wife.
E R. Morse of Vermont Is the guest of W.
R. Pond and wife.
Miss Nora Andrews has returned from Co-
U Miss Mary Browning is the gnest of Alic«
Mayhew of Red Bluff.
J. H. Van Horn visited San Francisco last
W S. M. Griggs is in San Francisco.
Arizona.
F H Brigham of Portland, Or., special
agent of the general land office, has been de
tailed to the duty of Inspecting surveys within
Arizona. The task will occupy him two or
three months.
C T Rittenhouse, former editor of the Elec
trical World, New York, is a late arrival in
Tucson. He is in search of health.
Herbert Perry of San Francisco has been ad
mitted to practice before the Supreme Court
of Arizona.
Gwynne Dennis, secretary of Lombard, Good*
& Co. of Chicago, has returned to Williams,
where he has charge of his firm's interests in
the Grand Canyon Railway.
S C. Dunlap of Cleveland, 0., has taken a
position in the Phoenix office of t'.ie Santa Fe,
Preacott and Phoenix Railway.
E. E. McVeigh now has charge of the Ari
zona interests of Miller, Sloss & Co. of - San
Francisco. George M. Hlckman, the former
agent, has been transferred to the main offices
of the firm.
Stanley McCormick of the noted agricultural
works of that name is a guest at the Adams,
Phoenix.
Charles Benjamin, ex-supervisor of San Fran
cisco, is a guest of G. H. N. Luhrs of Phoenix.
He will probably visit the City of Mexico be
fore returning home.
Judge John Howard of Prescott, one of the
few survivors of the party that instituted the
Territory of Arizona in IS6S, celebrated his
spventh-fHth birthday last Thursday. He is
still hearty and active.
J^eW J^exico.
Charles Pllkey returned a few days ago from
a tour through the Yaqui country, in old
Mexiiu.
: C. SH. Curtis arid W. E. Kelley, prominent
citizens of Socorro, were in .' Albuquerque dur
ing the week. . " ;;-.-
H. E. Anderson and Thomas Cline. mine
owners of Cochltl, have returned to Bland from
a trip to the-south. . , -
• Captain fA. B. Fitch returned .* to Magdal°na
Friday evening from a trip to Santa Fe
-. Hon. ■ Nicholas . Guiles of Sierra County went
East ; during « the > week, to "be absent probably
a month. -: •. -\■• . ■ -. r -
v Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Dawson of Sprinter
nave been :In Albuquerque . for the past few
days.
D. J. Abel has returned to Albuqueraue from
visiting friends In Colorado. M q ITOm
Don Vicente M. "■ Haca of ' Belen has moved
his family to ■ Albuquerque, and i will * hereafter
make his residence at 1 that place
: Alfred JGrunsfeld? hast returned" I from' a pro
tracted-trip, to the (Eastern States -
; •i k X. ': Mead,-, late E rdy AlbUqUerqUe la ™
MSlcipv.hU home at Eddy. .•• , ' -7Story of Adolph Sutro`s Great Successes in Life
passing erf Adolph Sutro de-
y 7 m serves something more than a
f*\ hare announcement of the fact
V j and a memorandum of his life
work.
It fell to his lot to illus
trate the period in -which he lived.
Half a century ago he was one of the
\ youths who cut loose from
;■ and home to seek his fortune
in a land where success meant riches,
and failure hardship, privation, and
>!y death. There was no reason
why he should wander afield. His
father was a prosperous manufacturer
at Aix La Chapelle. in Rhenish Prus-
B he himself, at is. was foreman of
the factory. He was industrious and
smart. A life of plodding industry
pretty certain to insure him an
ample sufficiency in his old age. Yet
he took ship for the region of gold,
where his instinct told him that mind
and energy would tell. The boy want
ed to stand on his own feet.
In I^4<t. at the age of If*, he landed
In San Francisco and opened a cigar
store. It prospered. But he had not
come t<i California to live on the profits
of retail trade. Stories of wonderful
Ties in Nevada were
buzzing in the air. He turned his
stock into money, mounted a pack
horse and rode to Washoe, where ore
worth (4500 to the ton, one-third gold
and two-thirds silver, was being dug
:' shallow holes. A camp had
founded at the base of Mount
Davidson and a town which took the
name of Virginia City. Therein young
Butro pitched his tent, and by dicker
n mining locations and operating
■ rchandise he siron became, young
as he was, one of the most substantial
citizens in the place. Far-sighted ob
servers remarked that that young Ger
man would get there. Indeed, in the
Jargon of the camp, he soon had money
to burn.
He was a man in whose hands
money was never idle, nor time thrown
away. In 1861. long before the discov-
cry of the great bonanzas, he set up
a quartz mill on the Carson River, and
he grew richer day by. day. But even
then he realized that the great depth
of the shafts- on the Omstock lode,
and the intense heat prevailing on the
lower lev< Is, would prove a bar to suc
cessful mining unless the grade of the
ore proved higher than could reasona
bly be expected. It cost more to hoist
the ore and pump the mines than ordi
nary ore was worth. A plan must be
devised to drain the lode into the Car
son River, if it was to be a permanent
Bource of profit. He spent anxic.-us
and sleepless nights poring over
the problem, and at last he solved it.
In 1863 the great bonanzas in the
COMMERCIAL WORLD
BUMMAKT OF THE MARKETS.
Wo rrain markets.
Thlrtv failures last week.
Bank clearings show the usual gain.
Shipment of (300.913 to China.
Coa! Oil and Naphtha advanced.
ne declined.
Potatoes rather easier. Onions firm.
Asparagus in Increasing receipt.
Butter weak. Eggs lower and demoralized.
M « Eastern I'-.ultry expected this week.
Game in better supply and weaker.
Apples firm. Oranges and Lemons dull.
Limes hii?h°r again.
Dried Fruits and Raisins neglected.
Bacon advanced. Hams and Lard firm.
Hides strong. Wool and Hops unchanged
Another advance In Hogs. Beef and Mutton
as before.
No change In Coal.
Cordage advanced %c.
Decreased exports of produce.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearing* last week were *".«.-
T46. against $11,358,060 for the same week laat
year.
EXPORTS OF BARLEY.
Export- of Barley from this port in January
wS^SSoo ctT.. valued at $162,100 against 144.
m ctlTat $166,300 in January. 18«.
EXPORTS OF LUMBER.
Exports of lumber from this port In January
were 1.310,000 feet, valued at $22,162 against
2,979,000 feet at $107,643 in January. IS9(.
EXPORTS OF SALMON.
Exports of Salmon from this port In January
were 15,633 cases and 1749 packages, valued at
$71 000. against 82.362 cases and 1955 packages at
|2f2,900 In January. UW-
A PARTIAL HOLIDAY.
The lack of grain and kindred quotations
from the larger Eastern points yesterday was
due to the observance of the day as a holiday,
It being Lincoln's birthday.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
' The City of Rio de Jeniero took out a treas
ure li*t of $200,913, consisting of $64,301 !n Mexi
can dollars, $605 in gold coin 0600 In CWle«
pesos, ?HO,OOO In silver bullion and $3600 in
I'eruvian soles.
EXPORTS OF PRODUCE.
Exports of Produce from this port by sea in
January w>re $3,236,400, against $*. 313,300 in
January. 109. Uw principal shipments being
ISO to Great Britain, $5^5.600 to Japan.
: to China, 1333,200 to the Hawaiian
Islands 11(7,800 bo South Africa, $1)4,800 to
Australia, SU9.MO to Mexico and $178,500 to Cen
tral America.
THE WEEKS FAILURES.
The Brmdßtreet Mercantile Agency reports 30
failures in the Pacific C M and Terri
tories for the week ending yesterday, as com
pared with 20 for the previous week and SI for
the corresponding week of IS:<7. The failures
for the past week are divided among the trades
*c follows: Grocerß, 7; bakery, 1: painter, 1:
poultry and game, 1; clothing and men's fur
nishing goods, 2: hardware. 1; dry goods, 1;
boots and shoes, 2; tool company, 1; confec- I
By John Bonner..
Gould & Curry, Savage, Ophir, Hale
& Norcross and Chollar were being ex
ploited and the rage for deeper work
ings was maddening. The only man who
had a practical plan for deep mining
was Sutro. He proposed to drive ?
tunnel from a point in the flank of
Mount Davidson, 20,485 feet from the
Savage shaft, so as to strike that shaft
at a point 1645 feet below the surface of
the earth. Such a tunnel would not
only drain the Savage workings, but
being connected by lateral drifts with
the works of the other mines would
drain them all and would serve as a
horizontal outlet for the ore, which
would save the cost of perpendicular
hoisting. The plan was loudly applaud
ed 'by Ralston, Sharon, Mills and the
Bank of California. A tunnel company
was formed, in ISG4, an act of incor
poration obtained from the Legislature
of Nevada in 1865, and a bargain
closed with the mining companies for
the payment of a royalty to the tunnel
company of $2 a ton on all the ore ex
tracted after the opening of the tunnel.
Thus far all was plain sailing and
Sutro was the king of the hour.
But in 1866 and 1867, when he went
round, hat in hind, to men of money
for funds for the enterprise a chill had
come over the atmosphere. Like, all
novelties the tunnel attracted criticism.
Engineers who could not bear the
thought of being beaten at their own
business by a German tobacconist
pooh-poohed the scheme. Practical men
called the tunnel Sutro's coyote hole.
A change had come over the spirit of
Sharon, Ralston and the Bank • f Cali
fornia. The very people who had been
most enthusiastic in support of the en
terprise now pronounced it impracti
cable. It is in human nature tc de
nounce new improvements as frauds.
Everybody flung bis little stone at
Sutro and said he was mad.
But the fiber of the man's soul was
such that opposition and calumny only
erved him to more energetic work. He
at all his own money. and the money
of his personal friends in the tunnel
treasury- lie stumped the State on be
half of his scheme, pouring out a del
uge of oratory in his broken English,
spoken with his Teutonic accent. Ami
though he could not make converts in
Montgomery or California ptreeta he
wen over the working miners In Ne
vada and they, took $50,000 of his stock.
He got some more in the Eist. With
this start he broke ground for his tun
nel on October 19, 1869. With his plans
iii Ills hand he crossed over to England
and there he secured from the .Met Uil
montf and" others' subscriptions- enough
to if? sure the completion of the bore,
though not on the scale he had origin
a<iy ir.if uded. :''-' : --^.':l
But the undertaking was tremen
dously difficult. He had 20,485 feet to
bore, and at first his drills could not
make over V"J feet a month,' and even
at last their extreme rate of progress
was not over 10 feet a day. Three years
after the work began the temperature
at the end of th- winkings was 72 de
grees Fahrenheit; next year it ros^ to B3
degrees; in 1576, to 90 degrees; in 1878, to
109 degrees. Man cannot labor long in
such heat. The miners fell fainting at
the drills, anil had to be carried out
senseless into the open air. The mules
refused to approach the car?. All the
■%-hile Sutro himself, shirtless and gasp
ing, begrimed with dirt and smoke, and
tlonerv, 1; wire works, 1; liquors. 5; cigars, 1;
butcher, 1; livery, 1; hotel, 1; bazaar, 1;
wines, 1. *_
THE CLEARHs'G-HOUSE.
ANNUAL MEETING AND REPORT OF
OPERATIONS IN 1897.
At the annual meeting of the San Francisco
Clearing-house, February 8, the following offi
cers were elected for the ensuing year: Presi
dent, Thomas Brown; vice-president, H. Wads
worth; secretary, John D. iicKee.
Clearing-house committee — Thomas Brown,
cashier Bank of California; Ign. Steinhart,
manager Anglo-Californian Bank (limited) S.
G. Murphy, president First National Bank of
San Francisco: H. M. J. McMichael, agent
' Bank of British North America; W. H. Crock
i er, president Crocker- Woolworth National
' Bank of San Francisco; H. M. J. McMichael,
secretary Clearing-house committee.
Charles Sleeper was reappointed manager
and J. T. Burke assistant manager.
From the report of Manager Sleeper the fol
lowing figures are taken:
The clearings lor the year 1837 „„„_.„
ere $750,769,143 91
For I«S6 were 653, 229.599 26
A gain of $67,559,543 65
The "apparent gain Is principally, due to the
increase In the values of wheat over that of
the preceding year, combined with a compari
son against clearings, a portion of. which were
produced during a period of Dusiness depres
sion that prevailed after the announcement Id
July, 1886, that the National Democratic party
had declared for the unlimited free coinage of
silver In their platform for the Presidential
campaign.
. The clearings by quarter year for 1897, 1896
and 1895 are shown in the following statement:
Quar. i ~1597. | 1396. | ■ 189-5.
Ist $155,815,962 78 $166,409.959 in $i:.G.404.266 78
2nd .... 168,338.978 58 166,388,357 44 168,222.152 97
3d ...... 206,902,37121 163,302,876 27 170,747,856 14
4th .:.. 220,736,63135 157.125.576 « 196,705,464 34
Totals .1*750.789,143 91|5653,229,599 26|5692,079,240 23
The balances in 1897 were 12.8 per cent of
the clearings and amounted to $96,115,599 66 and
were paid in United States gold coin.
The average dally balance for 1897
was ' .$315,133 11
For 1896 was 297.668 38
| An increase of $17,463 73
, -The members of the San Francisco Clearing
house are as follows:
— The Bank of California.
'2— The Bank of British Columbia.
3— The Bank of British North America. "•
- — The Donohoe-Kelly Banking Company.
g— The First : National Bank of San Fran
cisco.
10 — The London and San Francisco Bank
(limited).
12 — The San Francisco National Bank.
34— The Anglo-Californian Bank (limited).
16— "Wells, Fargo & Co.
16— The Nevada National- Bank of San Fran
cisco. ■ '
■-> 17— The London, Paris and American ' Bank
I (limited).
. 20— The Tallant Banking fompany.
The Crocker-Woolworth National Bank of
[ San Francisco. v ,
24— American Bank and Trust Company. ■? ,i
The amount of clearings ; reported at. New
York after April. 1892, . were lessened v./ the
establishment of the Stock Exchange c'.e&ring
house, which reduced the volume of checks re
quired in payment of stock sales.
. It is observable that the clearings fell off In
the third ■ quarter of ; 1893 after the panic In
June •of • that ; year ; to ,\ two-thirds ■ of their
former volume and . that they did not regain
an equal magnitude till the third and fourth
quarters of IS<<7, since the great advance in the
value of wheat, which brought : wealth to the
' farmers. enabling them to largely pay off their
debts to others. •'..■:
Also it Is observable that the clearings were
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 189 S.
blistered with the h<>t mud which drop
ped from the roof of the tunnel, was
foremost among the driil crews, cheer-
Ing on his men, and keeping up their
courage with brave words. What a
dramatic moment thnt was when the
miners in the Savage heard the thump,
thump of tlu> power drills, and the
workers in the tunnel caught the re
sponse from the sledges in the mine!
On July S. ]RTS, a well placed blast tore
a jagged hole in the face of the tunnel,
and through th<> iioie, ragged and black
as a demon from sheol, Stttro himself
rolled speechless and breathless at the
feet of the miners.
The problem was Bolved. The foul air
in the tunnel which had more than
once threatened Sutro's men with as
phyxiation shot upward like a whirl
wind through the Savage shaft, and
the Savage water poured out of the
tunnel like a mountain cataract. The
other mines hastened to connect, and
in a short while the main bore and its
side levels were Over six miles iong.
and their outflow of water was counted
in the billions of gallons. Th" expense
of the enterprise had nearly reached
$5,000,000. Once more Sutro was the
man of the hour. His stock, which no
prudent banker had been willing to
accept as collateral for the smallest
loan, was now everywhere admitted to
be property. He was as shrewd as he
was enterprising. He had passed
through the shadow of the valley of
lighter than usual In the third quarter of l<s9f>,
due to the restriction in rmsinesH during the
President in 1 campaign in that year, "a contest
for tiie free coinage of silver."
The balances at New York City have aver
aged about .') rf-rr f- r cent of the clearings in the
past forty-four years.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate maximum temperature
for the days: those underneath It, If any, the
■ mount of rainfall, of melted snow in inches'
and hundredths during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and ra'ns. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high in the Interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the const, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is Inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
in summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result. • _____
WEATHER REPORT.
O2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRAXCISCO. Feb. 12, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same
date last season and rainfall during the past
twenty-four hours:
Past This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.16 21.73 8,96
Red Bluff 0.02 9.26 19.06
Sacramento Trace 6. 54 13.33
San Francisco 0.01 5.36 16.75 |
Adolpl Suiro, ex-Mayor of
San Francisco and builder of
the famous. Suiro tunnel, was
adjudged mentally incompetent
by Superior Judge Belcher last
week. His daughter, Dr. Emma
Sutro-Merritt, who has been in
constant professional attendance
on her father for many months.
past, was appointed guardian of
his person and estate, her bonds
being $100,000. Her two broth
ers and her sister, who reside in
tliis city, became sureties on the
b md. Mr. Suiro is 81 years
old. The loss of his mental fac
ulties is attributed to the weight
of rears, combined with the ef
fects of two strokes of apoplexy
suffered within the past few
months.
disappointment and despair. He did
nut propose to repeat the journey.
When his name was in every man's
]n<>uth and operators were figuring on
the millions which would fall into the
lap of the fortunate holders of Sutro
stock, he quickly sold out his shares
and placed the proceeds in banks of
undoubted solidity.
That was twenty years ago, and Mr.
Sutro was in the full vigor of man-,
hood. He had a wife and six children.
What was he to do with the millions
which had been won after so desperate
a struggle? Rest and pleasure, soft
Sicilian days, and gay Parisian joys
would have commended themselves to
many men. Repose was ndt in Sutro's
instincts. His mind could not be idle.
Fresno 0.00 3.23 8.10
S-in Luis Oblspo 0.00 3. 88 15.25
l-"t Angeles ft.no 4.11 11.42
San Diego 0.00 3.38 7.96
Yuina 0.00 1.26 4. 51
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 64;
minimum, 48; mean. 58.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
■ FORECAST.
The pressure still continues highest in South
ern Idaho and Northern Nevada. . A second
area of high pressure appears to be approach
ing the Northern California coast, which will
cause the weather to continue fair in Califor
nia during Sunday.' Decidedly warmer weather
is reported in Northern California.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, February 13, 1898:
Northern California— Fair Sunday, except
partly cloudy In north portion; light northerly
winds.  ;'■■■
Southern California— Fair Sunday; lighw
northerly to westerly wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Sunday.
Utah— Partly cloudy Sunday; warmer.
Arizona— Fair Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday;
fresh north to west winds.
Special re[>ort from Mt. Tamalpals, taken
at 5 p. m.— Clear; wind north. 12 miles per
hour; temperature, 53; maximum, 62.
W. H. HAMMON,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET. '
CHICAGO, Feb. 12.— CATTLE— Trading in
cattle was •of > the usual Saturday character.
The few offerings that came on the market
were soon disposed of and trade was over at an
early hour. Yesterday's prices ruled. Choice
and heavy enough | cattle to meet the require
ments I of exporters I are . now selling largely 10
15c higher.than a week ago. and a few extra
fancy beeves, such as were offered for the
Christmas holiday trade, would probably sell
considerably above $5 50.
HOGS— The market for hogs was strong, j the
supply being quickly taken at an average ad
vance 'fit !5c! 5c on yesterday^, figures. 1 Sales were
at an extreme range of $3 80(g4 1171^. -chiefly at ;
S3 !i.-'c4 02Vt, • and the bulk of pigs sold at $3 65
<g>3 So. -.-. -.c.;.: .. ■;•:» ■■' -~S . ■ . ■
. . SHEEP— Most of the receipts of sheep and
lambs to-day were consigned to local slaught
, erers, and prices I were largely : nominal.'. Sheep
sold at 13 20©4 75 for the poorest lots to the
best, chiefly at |4<2?4 50, rams bringing $3 25®
3 ML yearlings, $4 SOS'S 20, lambs, $4 50@5 60.
'Receipts— Cattle, 500; Hogs. 14,000: Sheep.
15,000. -
; -: ■:■•■ '■-•'■■ . ' DENVER.
• DENVER, -Feb.- 12.— CATTLE— Receipts', 300.
Market steady. Beef steers. $3 40(?H 20; cows
$3 773 65;: stackers, $3 8004 40; feeders. $3 75®
- 4 30; bulls, stags, etc., $2(93.
HOGS— Receipts, 200. Market firm and 5c
higher. ; Light packers, $3 75@3 80; mixed, $3 G5
©3 75; heavy, $3 Co@3 70.
SHEEP'— Receipts, 400. Demand good; market
firm. Muttons, $3 70!g'4 35.
London' stocks.
NEW-YORK.. Feb. 12.— Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here .were: featureless to-day, except
for further rise In prices;- Americans were well
above the parity, v professional support being
strong.. Gold, was easier at 77s lO'^d. There
was 'a ; further • sharp . rise in Uruguay securi
ties. '■'.•■ Money was easier. 7 ■'■■,■■■ ; .•.-..; .
;--'. ■ ■ ' '
LONDON WOOL MARKET.
LONDON. Feb. 12.— There was a good In
quiry for wool during the (reek and the home
trade and Continent secured parcels at un
changed rates. The arrivals of wool to. date
for the next series of auctions number 140,
717 bales, including 45,000 forwarded direct. The
Imports during the week were:
Xnv South Wales. . 10,074; Melbourne, 4374;
Queensland; "1392; South Australia, 400; Xew
Zealand, PO<X>: Cape of Good Hope and Natal,
3400; elsewhere, 3123 bale*.
He formed far-reaching plans which, at
first vague and shadowy, were turned
over and over, until they took tangible
shape. His foresight taught him that
the empty land which divides San
Francisco from the ocean must event
ually be covered with buildings, and
possess a value to which its actual
market price afforded no clew. He be
gan to buy this land. The San Miguel
Rancho passed into his hands, and was
speedily followed by the Byfteld tract,
the Richmond addition, and blocks
upi>n blocks in the vicinity of the Park.
and the ocean, until he owned 2200 of
the 13,000 acres of taxable property in
the city. Most of this he owns still.
Then he disclosed the public spirit,
which, in the maturity of his powers,
dominated the desire for gain. He set
apart a fine tract for the affiliated col
leges of the University of California;
they would have been In use to-day
but for the self-importance and shilly
shallying and stupidity of the Board of
Regents. He laid out Sutro Heights
with its magnificent view over the
ocean, to be the great show place of
California, and threw them open to the
public. He built a bath house, the like
of which does not exist anywhere in
the East, and fed it with a perennial
flow of water from the Pacific. He
constructed an aquarium whi^h, when
it is completed, will contain specimens
of all the fish that swim in our waters,
and a visit to which will be an educa
tion in' zoology. He built a railroad
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Feb. Silver. 2Cd. .
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 12.— Wheat, strong; No.
1 Standard California, 37s 6d; cargoes off
coast, more inquiry: cargoes on passage, sell
ers at an advance of 3d; Liverpool Wheat, No.
1 California, Ss 3d; Wheat in Paris, steady.
Flour in -Paris, steady.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— Spot, strong; No. 1 red Northern
spring, Ss 2il. ■ ■ : . • >.- „
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed new, 3s
4%d; do old, 3s %d: futures steady; February.
3s 4d; March, 3s 2%d. ■ ._ „ „ "
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, firm, 9s 9d.
HOPS— At London, Pacific Coast, firm, £4
los@£s 10s. '. ■ ..
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. Feb. 12.— Exchanges, $190,
114; balances, $46.148.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 12,-WHEAT-The
local market after; several months of great
activity is again drifting, although the vol
ume of business is still large enough to keep
everything moving at \ a gait which . in ord -
nary years would be considered rapid or this
time of year. * Exporters have their business
full in hand and are now content to take care
nt husiness as It comes along without tne
trouble or risk attendant on reaching so far
out Into the future, and Instead of chartering
a fleet several weeks or »«i«hs ahead and
then scrambling for cargo with which to fill
[t ?hey bSy what Is offering and as f aat as a
cargo is got together secure a ship to carry It
a Exporters are ■ quoting up to 74%0 for^ Walla
Walla, with mills paying a cent better, Blue
7 ?Bter. Queenstown, 94,
003 bushels wheat AsHiNGToN ,
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 12.-WHEAT-Qulet
but strong; No. 1 Club, 74* c; No. 1 Blue Stem.
77^c. -..-■■■ ■ -: -, ■-- ■ "
LOCAL MARKETS.
NOTE.— The Produce Exchange was not In
session yesterday, hence quotations for Grain,
Millstuffs, Feedstuff s, etc.^are omitted.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — »4 84J4
Sterling Exchange. «0 days — 4 87Vt
Sterling Cables ■•••• — * Si H
New York Exchange, 5ght........ — 20
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 22<*>
Fine Silver, per ounce — 56U
Mexican Dollars im . 46 46H
POTATOES, ONIONS. VEGETABLES.
Potatoes are rather , easier,' but unchanged.
The Onions from Australia were in poor con
dition, but there are some good ones among
them.' J :■": ■" .'- : ■■■-■■.. ■ ■ .'■ ■• ;'
Receipts of Asparagus are steadily Increas
ing. ■.
Rhubarb Is coming in, -bringing ■ 10c i per Ib.
POTATOES— Early Rose, tt&tbc; River Reds,
"17 Rjc; River Burbanks, 75®S5c per sack; Ore
gon Burbnnks, $]<&'l 10;. Salinas Burbanks, 85c@
$1 I'M.; Petaluma ßurbanks,' 70@90c; Sweet Pota
toes. "hWi fill" per etl for Rivers and 75c@Jl for
Merced- new Volunteer Potatoes, per lb.
ONIONS— S2 50®-' 85 per ctl; Oregons, $2 75®
2 90; cut onions. $2@ 2 25 per sack. .
VEGETABLES— Mushrooms, \ 10*' 15c - per ■■ lb:
Marrowfat / Squash. :- $20 •■• per ton; , Hubbard
(i Quash, $20; Dried Peppers, , 3@loc per lb; Dried
Okra, 15c; Cabbage, 60©75 c per ctl; Carrots, 23
©00c per sack; Garlic, 3@4^c per lb- Aspara
gus, 20#T^uc per lb. . :.:■ ,-, ■ ■ . : -
Los Angeles Green 1 Peas,' 10c; String Beans,'
— ■ ■ Tomatoes, Mc^Sl 25: i Green: Peppers, 25c
per !b: - Summer i; Squash. 8c; Egg : Plant,
25c per lb; Hothouse Cucumbers, • 50c@$l 25 per
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES— -
:':i Potatoes, : sliced raw, s 12c per lb in lots of S3
lbs ; \ sliced ; desiccated, • IC^ISc ; granulated ; raw,
from the heart of the city to the ocean
beach. Adjoining the Sutro Baths, he
began the collection of objects of art,
pictures, sculptures, tapestries and
curios for the equipment of a museum.
But the object which was nearest his
heart was the foundation of a library
which, while it should be useful "for
citizens generally, should be especially
attractive to scholars and should help
develop the higher thought and work
of the Pacific Coast. For the acquisi
tion of this library he visited Europe
and purchased as a nucleus the most
valuable works in the Sunderland Li
brary, the library of the Duke of Ham
ilton, that of the monastery of Bux
heim, and that .of the Duke of Dahl
berg, which were sold at auction at
the time. From the Royal State Li
brary at Munich, which had absorbed
the collections of the confiscated mon
asteries of Bavaria, he bought over
4000 incunabula, probably the best col
lection in existence. When he left Eu
rope he intrusted the completion of the
work to learned bibliophiles, who were
instructed to spare no expense to ac
quire rare and valuable works: they
have fulfilled their task admirably.
Of the collection as it stands. An
drew T. White, now Embassador to
Berlin, has said: "With considerable
acquaintance among the libraries of
the United States, I should rank this
one already among the first four in
value. ♦ * * Every branch of
science, literature and art is well rep
resented. Many of the works are of
the costliest. Among them are num
bers of rare illuminated maunscripts,
a very large collection of early printed
works, especially of the Reformation
and early renaissance periods, with
over 30.000 volumes dating from the
Civil wars, and Cromwellian period in
England. Especially curious from a
historical point of view is a collection
which Mr. Sutro has made in Mexico,
which will prove a mine for the coming
investigator of Spanish-American civ
ilization. There is also. a very large
mass of Hebrew manuscripts which
will evidently some day reward investi
gators in Semitic history and litera
ture."
Professor Burr of Cornell wrote:
"The Sutro Library is, I think, beyond
all comparison the best collection in
America, both as to numbers and as to
the quality of the books of the fifteenth
century, and I gravely doubt if it has
any rival this side of the Atlantic for
its literature of the sixteenth century.
In travels 6f every age, in church his
tory, canon law and theology, in the
history of all the sciences, especially
the natural sciences, in curios of many
sorts, its shelves are a golconda of
treasures."
The number of hooks in the library,
exclusive of manuscripts, is at present
about 230,000. Among them are the Par
liamentary documents and proceedings
which Macaulay used in writing his
history; the laws of England as com
piled by Lord Cairns, and a vast as
semblage of medical, botanical, geologi
cal, astronomical, mathematical and
other scientific collections; among the
manuscripts are many on parchment in
the Hebrew, Greek, Latin and Arabian
tongues.
From the libraries which had be
longed to the German monasteries, and
which were sold when the properties of
those institutions were dispersed, Mr.
Sutro acquired editions of early works
which are now so rare as to be almost
priceless. Such are books printed by
Fust of Mainz, by Aldus of Venice, by
13c: Onions, COc; Carrots, old. 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage. 30c: Sweet Potatoes, 30c; turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes. 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The usual quantity of Eastern Poultry la
announced for this week.
Game was In better receipt and weaker, in
I consequence. Geese, however, did better.
POULTRY— Live : Turkeys, lO&llc . for Gob
; lers and ll@l2c for Hens; dressed • Turkeys,
13@l«c per lb; Geese, per pair. $1 25*51 50: Gos
lings, $2@3; Ducks, $3 60@$4 50 for old and
$4 50@6 for young; Hens, $3@4 50; Roosters,
young, $4 50@5 50; Roosters, old, $3 2">@3 50;
Fryers, $5(@5 50; Broilers, $5@5 50 for large and
$3 50@4 50 for small; Pigeons. $175112 25 per
dozen for young and $1 for old.
GAME— r>- dozen, $I@l 25; Mallard,
J3(Tr 3 50; Canvasback, $3*4 50; Sprig, $1 75@2;
Teal, •$1.50@'2; Widgeon, $l<gl 50; Small Ducks,
75c?T$1; Gray Geese. $2 50; White. 75c@$l 25;
Brant, $1 25f?l 50; Honkers. $4; English .Snipe,
$2; Jack Snipe. $1; Hare, 75c@$l; Rabbits,. $1®
1 25 for Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
• Butter continues weak, and dealers are look
ing for a decline any day now.
Eggs are much lower and demoralized, with
still lower prices expected.
BUTTER— *,*-?.■•
Creamery— creameries, 25526 c; sec
onds, 23<&24c.
Dairy— Choice to Fancy, 21@33c; lower grades,
20c per lb.  . - .
Eastern Creamery, 21@22H0; ladle
packed, 15@17%c per lb. • ■ •;
CHEESE— Choice mild new, loi@/lle; common
to good, S@9%c; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young
America, ll©12c; Western, Il@l2c; Eastern,
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, lE@l7c per dozen; store
Eggs, i3©i4c. .-'.;;:,
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
. Fine Apples are firm at the Improved prices.
. Oranges and Lemons are dull. ; Limes are
higher again, being very scarce.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Cranberries. $7igß per bbl. - «. -
Apples, 40<&'50e per . box ; for . common, 65c@$l
for good to choice and $1 2-3@l 50 for fancy
,-.. CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, . $Y25<3
2 23; Seedlings. 50c<g SI; Mandarins,, tlQlsS
for large and S3@7se for small boxes: Grape
Fruit. $2 50@5 per box: ■ Lemons, Eo@73c for
common and $I@l 75 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes. ?6®7: California Limes- in small
boxes, 75C?$1: Bananas, $1 25@2 25 per bunch-
Pineapples, $3<g4 per doz.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
Dealers report a ■ stagnant market at un
changed prices. ;> ■;:.-■■ :; : '.r : ".
DRIED : FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 4^
©4&C ' for 40-fpO's. 3?«®4V4c for ; 50-..fs. - 3K©3%c
for 60-70's,' 2%@3Uc for 70-80's, 2' 44c4 4 c ior 80
90's, 1?4@2U0 for dO-100's: Peaches. Mli'iic: tan
cy, h<3b'Ac: peeled. 10@12%c; Apricots. s@6c for
Royals and 7@Sc for good to fancy Moorparks:
evaporated ; Apples, 6%®7V4C; sun-dried, 4@sc;
black' Figs, in sacks, '2@2 1 ,4 c; Plums, 4' -,n\
for pitted and l@l^c for unfitted; bleached
Plums, 6@sHc; ; Nectarines, 4@sc for ; prime to
fancy; Pears. 2 1 / 4<^4Hc for quarters and 3@s^c
for halves, according to color, etc. -.' ..
.RAISINS— 26 for two-crown. 3@3Vic for three
crown. 3*i@4c ; for.,, four-crown, ' r>c for Seedless
Sultanas. 3Vic I for Seedless Muscatels and IIQ
1 10 for London layers; dried Grapes. 2*; c.
; ■ NUTS— Chestnuts ; are quotable at ' 8c per
lb; Walnuts, B@6c fcr hardshell- and 6@i7e for
softshell: Almonds.' 2%@3V4c for hardshFll,-s@6c
for softehell and 7@Sc for paper-shell; Peanuts
4iJTSHc for > Eastern :: and - 4',-Cc - for ■ California
Pecans, 1 6^4@Sc; . Filberts. B'iWlOc; | Brazil Nuts
S4£9c per lb: Coconnuts. $4 60@5 per 100 - i -'
HONEY— New Comb, S@loc for bright and 5®
"c : for lower grades ;,new water white extract
ed; * 4^@sc; • light amber extracted, \ 5%i3)414c
per lb.
BEESWAX— M®2Sc per lb. '
PROVISIONS.
• _ The -: expected . advance :In Bacon t has i occur
i red. . Hams \ are stiff, ■ but ;no higher. : Lard Is
Pannartz of Rome, and the contem
poraries! Few book dealers would
agree- to duplicate these ancient tomes.
Of the Bible, the library contains 400
editions, including the "Vinegar" Bible
and the "Breeches" Bible of Geneva, of
which only a few copies are known to
exist. Another exceedingly rare publi
cation is a complete set of the Paris
Moniteur. When San Francisco be
comes a seat of letters and original
research, the existence of this library
will draw scholars to the coast from all
parts of the country. It was the joy
and delight of Mr. Sutro's old age. He
was never tired of talking about it, and
of longing for the time when he could
throw it open to the public, and, with
his kindly face and beaming eye, wel
come the scholar to its alcoves to pro
secute the studies that would enable
the Pacific Coast to contribute its mite
to the sum of human knowledge.
The mistake of Mr. Sutro's life was
permitting himself to be elected Mayor
of the city. He was not equipped with
the peculiar gifts which fit a man for
municipal administration, nor was his
temper calm and serene enough to en
dure the wearing friction of office. For
nearly twenty years he had been suc
cessful in everything he tried; he was
intolerant of opposition and irascible
when he was thwarted. The good
humored ridicule which he drew on
himself by his assaults on the octopus
diverted public attention from his no
ble qualities and blinded people to his
lofty merits. It exposed him to being
called a demagogue by politicians of
small caliber. It led people who were
quite incapable of understanding him
to sneer at his noble schemes of public
benevolence. If it had been his good
fortune to preserve his intellectual
powers a few years longer San Fran
cisco would have owed to his liberality
university buildings that would have
been an honor to the State, the finest
library on this side of the rivers, a mu
seum which in itself would have at
tracted visitors to California from all
parts of the world, a pleasure resort
which is without a rival
Other men besides he have expend
ed their millions in erecting monu
ments which will preserve their names
from oblivion, and, though their aim
was rather personal gain than public
service, they are still fairly entitled to
gratitude because in promoting their
own ends they ministered to the pros
perity of the people at large. Sutro,
from the time he became a millionaire
and the increase of his wealth became
a matter of secondary importance,
subordinated the pursuit of gain to his
set purpose to take a place among the
benefactors of humanity. He was glad
to see his lots appreciate in value; but,
as ho walked over Sutro Heights and
cast a wistful glance over the vast
spaces of the ocean that rolled at his
feet, his mind turned gladly from
thoughts of real estate to revel in the
jey that when he was gone generations
would thank him for what he had done
for them and theirs.
firm. Dealers report business three times as
heavy as last year at this time.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c per lb for
heavy, 9^c for light medium, 10& c for light, il 0
for extra light and 12% c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 10&@llc; California
Hams, 10c;: Mess Beef, $9 per bbl; extra
mess do. $10;, family do, $11«?12; salt Pork,
$9; extra prime Pork. $10; extra clear,
$18: mess, $16; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c per
lb. -'• ■ ■ . - '
LARD— tierces quoted at C%c per lb.
for compound and 674 c for pure: pails, VAc
California tierces, ■ s'4c per lb for compound
and 6Uc for pure; half-barrels, 6%c; 10-lb
tins, 7>ic: do 5-lb. 7%c. ■
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 5%®0%c; packages,
less than 300-lbs— l-lb palls, -CO In a cane. $%c:
3-lb palls, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb pails, 12 In a
case, S'-ic; 10-lb palls, 6 in a. case, BHc; -50-lb
tins, one or two in a case, 7J!Jc; wooden buck
ets. 20 lbs net, 7%c: fancy tubs, SO lbs net, 79fcc;
half-bbls, about 110 lbs. VAc per lb. [
HIDES, ; TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides are firm at the advance. There Is nj
change in Wool and Hops. .
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
lc I under : sound stock. , : I Heavy salted steers.
104@llc; medium. 914 c; light, 9®9^c; Cowhide*
9@9V6c;. stags, 6<g6Hc; salted Kip. 10c; Calf,
lie: dry Hides, -17@17Hc; culls and brands. ISV4
<jil4c; dry Kip and Veal, 14@16c; dry Calf, IS@
20c: , culls, 16@17c: Goatskins, 20@37%c each: •
Kids. s@loc; Deerskins, good summer, 25(5300
per lb: medium. 20c: winter, 10c: Sheepskins,
shearlings. 20@30c each; short < wool, ■ 40@7i)c
each; medium, 70©90 c; long wools, 90c@Jl 30
each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3® 3Hc per lb: No.
2, 2@2'/4c; refined, sc: Grease, 2@2%c.
WOOL— Fall clip — Middle counties— free. I&J>
I3c: do defective, 10@llc; San Joaquln, defec
tive, 7@9c; Southern Mountain, 9ifMlc: : free
Northern. 12012 c.: do \ defective. 9©llc: Hum
boldt and Mendocino, 13@15c; Eastern Oregon,
9JM3c: Valley Oregon. 10@lSe.
HOPS— OId crop, 2i?6c for poor to fair and t
@10c for good; new crop. ll@l3c per lb. ■
BAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Seven cars of Hoge sold at 4^c per lb. which
shows 'a still' higher 'market. There are no
other; changes to report. .- -.
'Wholesale rates for dressed - beef stock : from
slaughterers ' are ;as follows: <,
'BEEF— quality, G'^c; second do, 6V49
6c: third do. 4@sc per lb. . :- * v .
VEAL— 6@6%c; small, 7@7V4c per lb.
MUTTON— 7@7'^c; ewes, 6V4@70 •
per 1b. ".-. *■. .■ .■ : ■ • ■•-.. . .
LAMB— Spring, 15c per lb. ■". ' •
• FORK— Live Hogs. 4H@4'ic for large. Stts
3!<4c for - small and 3^©4c for medium: ; soft
Hogs, 3@3iic; dressed do, D^iQs^cper lb.
. GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 1593 delivery.
5%@5%c; : Wool 'Bags, 27@30c; San Quentln,
$5 30. '. , ' ■ . '.': -
COAL— Wellington is quotable at $10; New
Wellington, $10; Seattle, $6 50 per ton;.
Bryant, $6 DO; Coos Bay, $3.73; Wallsend.
$9; Cumberland, $10 in ' bulk .and
$11 50 in sacks; .Pennsylvania Anthaclte Egg,
Canntl, $10 per ton; RocK Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 CO; Coke, $12 per
ton in hulk and $14 in packs. ,
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—CoaI Oil and I Naphtha are %c I higher. ,
Gasoline Is 2c lower. , The revised . quotations
are as follows: Water White Coal , Oil, in
bulk, 10% c - per . gal.; ' Pearl Oil. in cases, 10c;
"Astral do, 16c; Star do, . ICe; Extra Star do,
20c; Elaine do. 21c: Eocene do, 18c; Deodorized
Stove - Gasoline, In built, ll^c; do in . cases.
17c, 63 -degree Naphtha, ■ in bulk, lie: do in
cases, ■, 16c: : BS . degree Gasoline, • in • bulk, ; ISc;
do incases. 22 !. ■ . •
CORDAGE— Prices have again been ad
vanced and are now 7'ic per lb for Manila and
6%c for Sisal.- ', . ' ' ■•' '
. : SUGAR— The 'Western " Sugar : Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net ..cash: Cube, Crushed,
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered, 6%c: Dry
Granulated.-; s^c: : Confectioner.*' A. . »\c; Mag
nolia. A, s%o;r Extra C, Ti'.c; Golden C. 6^c;
Candy Granulated. : ST-»c; California A, s^-ic ■ per
Ih; half barrels %c? more than barrels, ao4 <
, boxes He more.
3132
LOS ANGELES
WILL EXHIBIT
Its Chamber of Commerce
Replies to the State
Board.
California Must Not Expect to
Stand on Los Angeles'
Credit.
They Want the Advantages That
Are to Be Gained by Its
Action.
The Chamber o-f Commerce of Loa
Angeles has replied to th£ general sub
committee appointed by the State
Board, Chamber of Commerce of this
city and the other commercial and in
dustrial organizations in no uncertain
terms. It will be recalled that this
sub-committee was appointed upon a
motion of Mayor Phelan to invite the
city and county of Los Angeles to unite
In making an exhibit at the Trans-
Mississippi Exposition, to be held at
Omaha.
At the last meeting of the State .
Board a telegram was received from :
Los Angeles, stating that $10,000 had j
been raised for the exhibit, and asking
what San Francisco would do. Ncr re- j
ply was made because the board had ■
not then made its return to the peti
tion of the committee representing: the |
commercial and industrial organiza
tions of this city. Yesterday J. A. !
Filcher, the secretary of the board, re- i
ceived the following letter, which ex- i
plains itself:
Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce,
February in, 1898.
J. A. Filcher, Esq., Secretary State
Board of Trade, San Francisco, Cal.—
Dear Sir: At the meeting of the Board
of 1 >i rectors yesterday 1 road your coin-,
mnnlcatlon relative to the Trans-Missis
sippi Exposition and the matter was dis- j
cussed pro and con, and In looking up j
the subscription list that was circulated j
among our people it was found that the '
money was subscribed for making « I
Strictly Los Angeles exhibit. The chair
man of the committee. J. S. Slauson, j
stated that they had canvassed every i
county in Southern California, endeavor
ing to collect funds to make a Southern
California exhibit, but were unsuccess- I
ful and had to abandon the idea entire- j
ly, and when they came to go among
our own people they subscribed only on j
the condition that the money would be i
used for defraying the expenses of a I
local or county exhibit. Such being the !
case, the board, as much as they would !
like to enter into the proposition of mak- >
ing a State exhibit, felt in duty bound to
carry out the conditions under which the
money was subscribed. The fund fur
nished by the county was also subscribed
on the same conditions. Of course, if
space can me procured next to that as- !
signed to our county, w will do every
thing in our power to nave the display
conform to the balance of the exhibit.
You are w*>ll aware that any exhibit
that can be made- in < >maha r.r any other
locality from any section of this State
naturally advertises the whole State, but
where money is furnished by one locality I
for advertising that particular section
it is hardly to be expected the whole
State should claim credit for it.
You are fnmiiiar with th^ position ta
ken by the Chamber of Commerce in in
augurating the Omaha Exposition and
the fight made in the Legislature to have
the bill passed, which is sufficient evi
MINES AND MINING
"Within the past few days the first slight
steps in the way of actual operations in
connection with those restraining dams
have been taken by the Federal Debris
Commissioners. Under the supervision of
Hubert Vischer, an engineer in the em
ploy of the commission, shafts are being
sunk and borings made at various points
at the Narrows in the Yuba River to de
termine the nature of the foundation
available there. This point has long been
regarded as one of the sii.«s that would
probably be selected. No fotmal decision
to erect a 4am at that point has been
made and the tests merely indicate ac
tive "preparations to prepare plans." The
plans themselves have a tedious course
ahead of them, but a slight movement on
the part of the commission is enough to
rivet attention and produce joy. There is
a reasonable promise that within the
dence that its members are awake to the
advantages to be gained by such an ex
hibft and will leave no stone unturned
to make the display equal to all former
expositions under its charge.
Regretting very much tiiat this matter
was not taken up several months ago, so
that we could all work in unison, I re- j
main, Yours truly,
FRANK WIGGINS, Secretary.
The board made no reply to- the tele
gram from Los Angeles because it was
onry at their last meeting that they re- |
plied to the committee from this city. ,
The substance of this reply was that it
was the sense of the board that any
thing less than an adequate display
would be injurious rather than of an
advantage to the State.
It is now apparent that California
will be represented at Omaha by Los
Angeles if no other section of the State
is.
The State Board at its next meeting
will receive the reply from the general \
committee, and will determine whether
the State shall be represented at Oma
ha. In event of the board deciding to
make an exhibit the question will rise
as to whether the Los Angeles exhibit
will be separate or connected with that
of the State.
LECTURES ON CHILD LIFE.
Mies Amalie Hofer Before a Large
Audience at the Century Club.
The initial lecture of a series of three
was delivered by Miss Amalie Hofer of
Chicago at the Century Club yesterday ;
afternoon before the assembled members :
of the Golden Gate Kindergarten Associa- ;
tion. This is Miss Hofer's first visit to j
this city on a lecture tour and in conse- i
quence much interest has been displayed ,
by the members of local institutions in
the subject which she has chosen as the
most appropriate to elucidate during her
brief visit here.
This subject, which will embrace the
entire series of lectures, will be entitled
•Child Life." being based on Froebel's
"Mother Play and Nursery Songs."
The sub-title of the first lecture deliv
ered yesterday afternoon was on "The
Family and Home Plays," and was- given
for the purpose of showing how the do
mestic ideal may be enthroned in the
child's mind.
From the first words uttered in the ex
pansion of the subject Miss Hofer at
tempted to draw a well-deiined parallel
of the effect* produced upon a child edu- I
cat ed from birth in the correct course it
should pursue in life and the child neg
lected by its parents to practically shape |
its own course through the struggles of j
the world.
In the description of the effects of early
training of the child mind the lecturer en
larged upon the advantages accruing
from an early attendance at the kinder
garten, and spoke of the coming move
ment which she, assisted by the directors
of the various kindergarten systems in
this State and others in the Union, she
hopes to effect in making this fundament- j
al school of human knowledge a well- j
recognized institution, the duties of which
will be placed in the hands of competent \
and well-trained teachers, who, in order j
to ho eligible to hold positions as such, j
must undergo a course of study of not
less than two years' duration.
These teachers will then be given posi
tions in the new department and shall
have the care of educating and bringing i
children up in the correct course j
in life, and principally those children who j
are either neglected by their parents as !
unwelcome burdens or thrown upon the |
world without a proper fundamental basis
of knowledge, and virtue owing to the j
lack of means of poor people.
The little hall in the rear of the Ten- j
tury <""lub where the lecture was held was
crowded with a select and enthusiastic
audience of women and young ladies in
terested in kindergarten work.
The sub-title for the next lecture will be
•'Nature Plays," by which the child comes
into knowledge of his surroundings and |
the laws which govern them," to be d*»- i
livered to-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock
in the Century Club Hall on Sutter street, i
Will Filed for Prqbate.
The will of Otis J. Preston was filed for
probate yesterday. An estate consisting
solely of shares of stork in the firm of
Preston & McKinnon is bequeathed the
children of the testator, Phare and share
alike.
year a dam or two will be located, plans
approved and contracts called for.
The committee on dams of the Califor
nia Miners' Association has prepared a
reply to the communications of Ciuef of
Engineers Wilson, and it has been for
warded to Washington. The communi
cation does not <*o into any aetailed dis
cussion of the relations of the Federal
and State appropriations, the misunder
standing of the law expressed by Gen
eral Wilson or the methods by which the
State and Congressional appropriations I
can be simultaneously and practically ap- I
plied to the same work. The situation, !
however, will be explained by members of j
the California delegation and the execu
tive committee of the Miners' Associa
tion will see that a way of amalgamat
ing the appropriations so that the State !
money will be at the practical, if not the |
technical, command of the War Depart- |
ment ia devised. The body of the com- I
munication, which has been forwarded by !
President Neff and Secretary Sonntag, is
as follows:
"Your favor of January 7, IS9B, has been
received, and contents noted with great
care. We are much encouraged at your i
statement that progress is being made I
in the maturing of the plans for the im
provement of the Sacramento and Feath
er rivers, and hope that the final plans
may be brought to perfection at as early
a day as possible.
"In regard to the $300,000 appropriation
by the State of California for the im
provement of the Sacramento and San
Joaquin rivers, we would say that that is
under the jurisdiction of the Commis
sioner of Public Works of California, and
that we, therefore, do not feel at liberty
to trench upon his action.
"In regard to the $250,000 appropriated
by the State of California for the con
struction of restraining dams, and which
is referred to in the act of Congress of
June 3, 1896. mentioned in your letter, we
would say that, in view of the fact that
the law of Congress Is permissive, and
does not command the deposit of this
money with the Treasurer of the United
States, and also in view of the peculiari
ties of the constitution of the State of
California and its very stringent provi
sions as to the disbursement of State
money, the officers of our State have no
right to draw any part of the appropria
tion from the State treasury until plans
for the erection of restraining works are
adopted by the California Debris Com
mission.
"If your office is in the least degree ob
structed in its work because the Califor
nia appropriation has not been paid into
the United States treasury it will be a
source of deep regret to every one con
cerned in California.
"A copy of the law referred to herein
is inclosed for your convenience. It has
been carefully compared with the origi
nal statute. But, in case of any ques
tion, we would refer you to the Statutes
and Amendments to the Codes of Califor
nia" a. 1897, page 169.
"In conclusion, we wish to cordially
thank the chief of engineers for his ex
pressed intention of impressing upon the
Debris Commission the importance of ad
vancing the work assigned to them, and
ask that all possible dispatch may be
THE SAINT FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1898.
HALE BROS.
last week
I Wind-Up Price-list in
! DRESS GOODS.
■ A CLOSE-UP PRICE ON CHE V-
1 lOT AND FANCY-WORSTED
DRESS GOODS-36-Inch; a good,
| firm, heavy fabric, full of wear; fir 45
. these are our popular $3 £0 suit<J*.*« — -
I lengths. To c105e.... Suit
• MOHAIR SUITINGS— Our dollar
| mohairs to go this week; armure
. grounds; 45-inch; every pattern *TPZLf
, new this -season. Price reduced COy
to Yard
I OUR EOc FANCY WORSTED -
CHECKS— A miscellaneous lot, QK/-»
but all good shades; 39-inch. *Uv
I Price reduced to Yard
I 50c FANCY SUITINGS REDUCED
[ TO Soo— Fancy check boucles,
" black cheviots, reps, worsteds OK/-»
I and mattelasse effects. Your Otlv
• choice from all these Yard
I VELVETS — Odd shades; tans,
' resedas, grays, slates, old rose,
| modes, etc.; a big lot to close; PZf\/-*
were U. $1 25 and *1 50 yard. OUt
I Your pick till sold , Yard
■ STRIPED TAFFETA SILK FOR
I EVENINGS — Satin stripe on
, cream brocaded grounds; 2 styles fir] .oo
. of the $1 50 line left. To close tp 1
I them out Yard
I OUR DOLLAR CREPE SILKS—
* For evening wear and fancy '-'■-.
" work; pink, light blue, ' white,
I lilac, Nile, maize, tan, cream, T'fC/-*
■ etc.; a snap for those who want lOw
I it. Reduced to Yard
1 BIG REDUCTIONS IN THE CLOAK
I DEPARTMENT.
i HEMSTITCHED SHEETS.
. HEMSTITCHED SHEETS— Good quality
■ muslin; dry Ironed; hand torn; well
' made:
• 54x90 inches.. 42%0 each
I 63x90 inches 47% c each
, ; 72x90 inches ..50c each .
. 81x90 inches one each
I 90x90 inches 60c each
HERE'S XHE LIST FOR BABIES-EVERYTHING FOR LITTLE TOTS.
HERE'S THE DIAPER CLOTH
AND DIAPERS.
IMPROVED COTTON DIAPER CLOTH—
Made by a new process; free from all Im-
purities, non-Irritant, antiseptic, ab-
sorbent and durable; 10 yards In a piece:
10 yards, IS Inches wide, for — SOc
10 yards, 20 Inches wide, for — soc
10 yards, 22 inches wide, for — 60c
10 yards, 24 inches wide, for — 6oc
10 yards, 27 Inches wide, for 75c
READY-MADE DIAPERS — Medicated;
soft finish; sanitary; very fine; one
dozen in a package:
1 dozen, ISx34 inches, for SOc
1 dozen, 10x40 Inches, for^ 90c
1 dozen, 22x44 inches, for $1 10
UNION LINEN DIAPER CLOTH— CIose
weave: absorbent; very durable; 10 yards
In a piece:
10 yards, Ift Inches -wide, for $1 10
10 yards, 20 Inches wide, for — 1 -5
10 yards, 22 inches wide, for 1 35
J [INCORPORATED]
937-945 MARKET STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
made in the maturing of the plans for the
dams, and the selection of sites, in order
that estimates may be made and addition
al appropriations procured if necessary."
February 22 promises to see more
miners from all over the State in San
Francisco than have been assembled in
the metropolis before. That will be
miners' day at the Mining Fair, and the
special committee in charge, of which W.
C. Ralston is chairman, is straining
every nerve to make it the great day of
the fair. This it unquestionably will be.
The low railroad rates have been extend
ed to the 26th inst., and thousands from
the mining regions will be on hand. The
Calaveras band will be on hand and at
the formal exercises Governor Budd,
Mayor Phelan, J. H. Neff and others will
make addresses. That old song of pio
neer times. "The Days of '49," will be on
the musical programme. Over $1000 will
be expended in prizes at the double and
single handed championship rock-drilling
contests and the Cornish wrestling con
tests.
That "white metal" mystery of Modoe
County is at the front again and stirring
up some excitement up there. There ap
pears to bo a mineralogieal mystery about
the thing, though probably the mystery
is simply due to the fact that no expert
authority has ever taken the trouble to
thoroughly investigate it. The white
metal discovery was made about three
years ago by a man named Dyson. A
deposit of mineralized igneous rock ap
parently a mile wide arid several miles
long was found in the Warner Range, be
tween Surprise Valley and Goose Lake.
It was said that by any crude smelting
process a peculiar white metal was easily
obtained. There was a rush, many claims
were located and then nothing came of
it all. Samples sent to the State Mining
Bureau showed very soft iron, lead and
zinc, but no exact analysis was made.
Similarly indefinite tests were made by
other assayers. The metal looks like soft
solder and will coat iron readily. It hap
been popularly called Dysonite, after the
discoverer. Now a San Francisco min
ing man is investigating the thing and
Modoc County expects the mystery to be
solved and to see a large production of
"Dysonite," whatever it really is.
The miners are about as much Interest
ed in the rain prospects as are the farm
ers, in whose behalf all the prayers for
precipitation are offered. During all the
fall and winter a great many quartz
mines dependent on water power as well
as hydraulic mines have been shut down
or run part time on account of lack of
water From this cause the State's gold
production was lessened between $2,000,000
and $3,000,000. In the Sierras there are two
feet of snow where there is generally
twelve or fifteen feet. Should the season
remain a dry one the mining industry
will be greatly hampered in many dis
tricts throughout the year.
Here is another sample of the weekly
**n H of indications of mining prosperity
in California and the new widespread in
lerebi id it. San Jnse is not in a gold
mining region, but the San Jose Mercury
*ays: "Success appears to be attending
the efforts of a large number of residents
of this county who are interested in nu
merous mining ventures in various parts
of the State. Every little while the an
nouncement is made that some of our
citizens have 'struck it rich' or have
sold a mine or bought one. while scores
are meeting with encouraging prospects.
The revival of interest in mining is not
confining itself to any particular locality,
and the profits of the industry are as
likely to be reaped by those residing in
the agricultural districts an well as by
those who are neari-r the mines."
Something new, though simple, has
struck beach mining, a small phase of the
gold industry in California which grows
with the others. Economy in handling
the black sand has resulted at the mouth
of Harris Creek in Humboidt County by
the plan of piping water from a dam on
the creek into a sand pit on the beach
mining claim. The sand and water were
then pumped with a five-inch pump into
the sluices instead of being shoveled up
The pipe line, pump and three men do the
HALE BBOS.
THE WIND-UP PRICE LIST OF A SUCCESSFUL SALE.
Six days left to clear the stocks ! Hundreds of cases of new goods fast arriving. The season far advanced. Shelves
and stockrooms teeming with new-born stocks. Spring stuffs pressing ahead for recognition. The New Baby Furnishings
demand their story told. And yet it is clearance sale We'vs no time to lose. Clearance must end all vagrant lots, odds and
ends, and winter stocks must go at once. We've made the final cuts to close and now the final wind-up. First picking to-mor-
row. Last call Saturday next. Come mornings. Extra help. Here's the list :
ANYTHING IN THIS LOT 3 CENTS..
A tolored border school handkerchief. Four kinds of hairpins in box. A yard of fancy cotton fringe.
Ribbon % Inch wide. * Lace 3 inches wide. Embroidery 2 inches wide. ; .-.\
ANYTHING IN THIS LOT 5 CENTS.
A dozen spools of basting cotton. jm Here's a Bargain in Wrappers !
A Japanese Mlk handkerchief. /gfo XICIC O d .Dciriiclin 111 W FciDDGrS I
A dozen colored bone buttons. jtrf&'r O CM:
A yard of fancy veiling /T #)£xA_ ; .^*;-->..V
A box of assorted hairpins. r-»"*ffii»!^^
A yard of No. 7 black or cream ribbon. X^J^Wlu"^' 1 ft
ANYTHING IN this lot 25 CENTS. \l]M\' V </ Our great $ 2 - 00 Wrapper at a bargain price. Fine,
a neat little infants drees. /SyQ heavy, fleece-lined flannelette, warm as toast. Rich
A child cap for for boys. /•tn''\X\ ' designs of white on black grounds. Narrow black and
Heavy oversnirts for boys. /mli'-." •' V rw designs of white on black grounds. Narrow black and
A -well-made ladies' purse. hose. /O^r'l "' '^t=h . braid trimming. Fancy yoke front. Epaulet
a pair of black French lisle hose. f)%-lt^^'\T wnit © braid trimming. Fancy yoke front. Epaulet
anything IN this LOT 50 CENTS. /^*\V^W P Cape over shoulder. Very full skirt. Separate waist
o woorsr st dßrawersrd B rawersr odd sizes. " a'Sf)/'-?^ lining. Elegant fit. To boom the Wrapper Department
Ladies' corsets. / r /• '!/ * " .*• •»\\<V
Gent's heavy wool underwear. tT-f ''V- ' "■«l'V >
Some infant's dresses. K ' fc \l).\ •'.", J V-^ • <^ "I t. ff IT _ . t
Ladies' fine purses. • — <X^JJLi^' th i **+•% ■ 5^ Cll -
Ladies' fancy French lisle hose. VI»TU l^C&WIl*
BABIES' LONG DRESSES.
INFANTS' CAMBRIC LONG
DRESSES— AII over embroidery trim- OQ/>
mcd yoke, full sleeves, embroidery *J*J>*
ruffled neck and cuffs; for baby.. Each
INFANTS' WHITE NAINSOOK
LONG DRESSES— gathered PZflr*
from neck, hemstitched and embroid- CFVFW
cry trimmed; for baby ••• Each
INFANTS' FINE WHITE NAIN-
SOOK LONG DRESSES— Tucked and £SCCf»
embroidery trimmed yoke, neat as VfCFW
wax, ruffled neck and cuffs Each
Insertion neck and cuffs, 75c each.
INFANTS' FINE WHITE NAIN-
SOOK LONG DRESSES— lmitation
hemstitched and embroidery trim-
med yoke, . pleated back, embroidery OSJp
ruffled edge. on neck and cuffs; forOMv
baby - Each
Prices In easy steps on up to $5.
A LIST OF THINGS YOU MAY NEED FOR THE KITCHEN.
TWO QUART FRENCH POFFEE^K^ CRUMB TRAY AND BRUSH— |n r INK NOTE TABLETS— ISO pages sxB f*~
POTS— Heavy steel enameled; the fe^Uv Lacquered and embossed, were 25c; 11/ v inches, good paper, were 10c; spe- vlv
kind for Each special Eacn cial Each
TWO QUART AGATE LUNCH ]Qp CORN POPPER— Good and strong. CT^. QUART MEASURES — Heavy tin, =r^»
BUCKET? Gond !»<! srrnnc. with I.AS/ with long handle; special Ov lipped, measure 'i, M, % and 1 Uv
cover, were 18c; special Each Each quact; special Each
GALVANIZED WATE~R~FAILS— Very |() r FLOUR DREDGER—* lnrtieg arros», O^ EIGHT INCH ACME FRY PANS— >jr _
heavy hold 2 gallons; special l*v brightly embossed OW Heavy sheet iron, cold handle CX*
' Each Each Each
•work fifteen men did before. Other beach
miners are adopting the same idea.
The old Lucas mine on Middle Creek,
near Shasta, is the latest abandoned prop
erty in that region to be revived. Harry
Paige. George Russell and Robert Small |
are cleaning it out and developing it. The )
ore, running from $15 up, has been
worked only by an arastra. A rich shoot
of ore has been encountered in the new
work, and a fine mine is in sight.
The Moody Gulch Gold Mining Com
pany is shipping a large and complete
hydraulic plant to its mine two miles
from Lewlston, in Trinity County.
The Butte <'ounty Golden Jubilee com
mlttee has just received from the press
10,000 copies of a pamphlet descriptive of
the mineral resources of that county for
distribution at the fair and at home.
The great copper mines at Iron Moun
tain, Shasta County, consume so much
wood that it has become scarce near-by,
and now a firm with a contract to supply
20,000 cords has bought a large tract of
railroad timber land on the Pit River,
from where the wood will be floated down
to Keswiok in the Sacramento. The
general mining boom in that part of the |
State is enlivening the whole country,
creating saw mills and other industries,
affording employment to a great many
men, giving home markets to the farmers
and putting new life into the towns.
The celebrated Lincoln mine at Sutter
Creek, Amador County, has been bonded
to E. C. Voorheis and some associates for
four years for $200,000, and will be ex
tensively developed. The mine was once
owned by Senator Stanford, who sold it
to a Scotch company for $400,000. It was
poorly managed and has been idle for
twenty years. It is proposed to incor
porate a company with 115.000 shares of
stock, 15,000 shares to go to the promoters
and the remainder to be assessed 3 cents
per month for a working capital.
William York and sons, who some time
ago struck it quite rich in their mine
called the Rising Sun, which is situated
a short distance below town, again en
countered some exceedingly rich rocK this
week. They recently commenced sink
ing a shaft and after going aown a few
feet struck some of the richest rock that
has ever been seen in this section.—
Downievllle Messenger.
Claim Jumping is becoming a common
occurrence around Georgetown, which is
an indication that the value of our mines
is becoming appreciated. — Placerville
Nugget.
Senator Voorheis brought over from the
Gwln mine last week a batch of gold
quartz specimens that were a sight to
behold. The entire lot weighed not over
forty pounds and contained $4000. The
Senator shipped the specimens to San
Francisco, where they will be displayed
at the mineral exhibit and will without
doubt attract considerable attention.
This lot was taken from the mine last
week.— Amador Record.
A hoisting arid pumping plant and a
mill have been purchased for the Gold
Bar and O. K. mines, situated a mile
east of the Idaho-Maryland. The prop
erty has been idle for a number of years.
It has a »iO-foot tunnel and a 2%-foot
ledge. A shaft is down to water. Judge
George W. Schell of San Francisco is the
president of the company now operating
the property and Sam K. Thornton is one
of the board of directors.— Nevada City
Transcript.
The Pennsylvania Mining Company has
declared dividend No. 14 of 6 cents a
share.
The Wisconsin mine is still "keeping up
its lick" in turning out rock that is worth
having. To-day a crushing of thirty-six
loads of ore was completed and the result
was a yield of $20 per ton. The work is
going steadily on in the mine and the
further the developments are made the
more the encouragement. — Grass Valley
Tidings.
The Miners" Home Company has taken
in the town of Holland Flat, Sierra Coun
ty, and proposes to work over the drift
ed ground.
Work is going right along at the Car
son Creek mine, Calaveras County. Ex-
Attorney-General W. H. H. Hart is in
terested in this property and is making
an effort to ascertain the true worth of
the mine. It is safe to say that over a
quarter of a million dollars has been ex
pended on this mine since its discovery,
and although it has turned out consider
able gold, it has thus far fallen short of
meeting the current expenses of operat
ing- it. It is believed by old miners that
the mine can be made to pay a dividend,
and, if properly managed, will no doubt
do so.— Echo.
Cure your cold with Low's Horehound
Cough Syrup; price 10c. 417 Sansome at. •
HALE BROS.
BABIES' SHORT DRESSES.
INFANTS' FINE CAMBRIC SHORT
DRESSES— Tucked yoke back and
front, ruffled embroidery neck and Z^C\c
cuffs, big sleeves, as neat as a pin; UUv
for baby : ;.' Each
INFANTS' NAINSOOK SHORT
DRESSES— and embroidery
trimmed yoke, ruffled embroidery > T)t/»
neck and cuffs, big sleeves, . excep- C Oy
tionally well made; for baby Each
INFANTS' FINE NAINSOOK SHORT
DRESSES— lmitation hemstitched
and embroidery trimmed yoke, CKJ/-»
pleated back, ruffled embroidery neck OOV'
and cuffs; for baby Each
OUR DOLLAR INFANTS' SHORT
DRESS- Fine nainsook* 3 styles to
choose from, all have hemstitched
and lace trimmed yoke, front and
back, lace trimmed neck and cuffs, <t 1 -OO
hemstitched bottom; a beautiful lit-*J>I —
tie garment .'. Each
WHIST
PASSING WHIST FADS.
The Now York Evening Post of Wednesday
and Saturday of each week comes to us with
a whist column that we take great pleasure
in reading. It is edited by that brainy little
woman, Mrs. Margaretha Wetherall Wallace,
whose name we have seen so many times In
"Whist."
We have read some severe criticisms on some
things she says in her columns, and the only
charge that we know can be proved against
her is, phe tells the truth, and that Is some
thing even some whisters don't want to hear.
We wish we could say as much of some others
that write whist articles.
In commenting on a match recently played
between the Baltimore and Toledo teams for
the A. W. L. challenge trophy, Mrs. Wallace
hits the nail on the head in regard to one
or two whist fads. She says:
"In looking over the reports of the game that
have so far come to hand, two noticeable fea
tures are that the Vail through the honor'
appears to be going out of practice, and that
some of the teams are beginning to realize
that the lead of fourth best from king. Jack,
ten is a trick-loser. In regard to the former
play, it is quite possible that there was no
favorable opportunity for making the 'call
through the honor.' That question can, of
course, only be determined by an expert ex
amination of the deals, but so far as the lead
of fourth best from king, jack, ten Is con
cerned, it may be apropos to say that at the
sixth congress, when Mr. Henry Jones (Cav
endish) was present, he was Interviewed by the
correspondent of the Evening Post on this
very point. He unhesitatingly pronounced the
lead of the fourth best from that combina
tion as a certain trick-loser, and predicted that
after a time it would be given up. Lately
it has been quite the fashion to attempt to rel
egate the 'master' to the rank of old fogy by
some of the champions of the league, but It
must be admitted that if Baltimore has given
up the fourth best lead from king. Jack, ten,
the opinion given by Mr. Jones on this point
over a year ago Is not without some value."
WHIST SYSTEMS AND JUST WHIST.
Whist players, whist writers and whist talk
ers can argue until the grand finale of life re
garding the value which the opening of a hand
possesses as an Indication of superior practical
whist ability, and during the debate the fel
lows who are paying close attention to the
middle and end play of the hands will wear
the high-score pins and the mouthers of special
water-tight, gold-cinch systems will all be lost
In the shuffle for whist honors simply because
they know more about system than they do
of play. A little system and hard-headed
whist win match games and other whist hon
ors, while much system and its many depend
ent attributes to whip the other teams, with
out the exercise of brain action. Is responsible
for tall-end position in competitions. Whenever
one K°es among whist players nowadays more
is heard of system than of whist. Three men
and women out of every ten pose as whist au
thorities, talk and write learnedly of how to
win tricks and then want you to believe that,
as whist players, they are only in hard luck. —
T. E. Otlß, In Newark News.
WHY MORE THAN ONE LEAD FROM THE
JACK.
It should b« the aim of every whist player
to try to endow each and every card he plays
with as much positive Information as his whist
capacity or ability will permit.
What is the use of having a card say one of
three things, if you can confine it to two, and
why say one rf two If you can confine It to
one?
Every whist student should always bear in
mind that there Is a negative as well as posi
tive side to most every whist play. At the
present writing, according to the system of
American leads now in vogue, the jack is orig
inally led from ace. king, queen, jack and one
or more others, and from king, queen, jack and
two or more others in both plain and trump
suits. Now why not drop the firsf and con
fine it entirely to the second, and when you
lead the jack have it say. "Partner. I hold the
king, queen and two others at least, but I
don't hold the ace," and from the first com
bination lead the queen?
We know there are a few players of the first
rank who long ago adopted these two leads,
but why not make them generally known, and
v.-hen we know them to be good lead no other
way?
IS WHIST A PASTIME OR A SCIENTIFIC
STUDY?
There has been a great deal said on the sub
ject or whist being played as a mere pastime.
HALE BBOS.
LONG CREAM COATS.
INFANTS' LONG CREAM CASH-
MERE COATS — Silk embroidered flri-OO
cape and bottom, a most desirable ***■
little garment; for baby Kach
INFANTS' LONG CREAM BED-
FORD CORD COATS— Deep silk j£|. 2s
embroidered cape, thoroughly well *J7 I
made; for baby Each
Prices on up to $8.
A PROFESSIONAL CORSET-FITTER.
We have secured the services of
MISS AGNES HULIN for a limited
time in our Corset Department. She
will be at the counter ready to make
valuable suggestions to corset wearers,
answer questions and give hints on
proper corset fit and construction that
will be of great value to all ladies inter-
viewing her.
To those that have made n study of the same,
they know better. Rome of the brightest minds
in the country have often expressed their ideas
on the subject, but there is none that strikes
us with more favor than the sayings of Major-
General A. W. Drayson. who has given the
game of whist more thought than any other
man we know of.
In his work. "The Art of Practical Whist.r
he says on page 2: "If whisi; were a mere
pastime it never would have occupied the posi
tion or the attention of intelligent men that it
now does. Whist, although a pastime and
tending to Increase Bocial intercourse, is yet
Bomething more. It brings Into action faculties
of memory, observation. Judgment, patience
and knowledge of character, all of which are
necessary as means of success in the world;
thus whist, like some branches of mathematics,
although not practically useful in every-day
life, yet calls into action those mental qualfties
which every observing and reasoning person
ought to possess. It also has the advantage of
being a game that can be played to an ad
vanced period of life, when more active pur
•ults cannot be carried on, or when the sight
and muscles have lost their power."
ANSWERS TO WHIST QUERIES.
Under the American Whist League code of
laws, when a trick Is once turned and quitted
It cannot be seen. The English code differs
from ours In this respect.
TRUMP SLIP AND TRUMP CARD.
In duplicate whist the trump card and the
trump slip must be left by the" dealer face up j
on the tray until It Is his turn to play to the \
first trick; then he must take the trump card j
into his hand and turn the trump slip face
down and put it in its usual place. After the
trump card has been lawfully taken up and the
trump slip turned down any one looking at the
face of the trump slip is liable to the same
penalty as naming the trump card. The penalty
for this Is a player can have his highest or
lowest trump called by either adversary any
time during the play of that deal.
REVOKING.
If your partner renounces In error or refuses
to follow suit to a card led and you think be
has a card of that suit and you ask any ques
tion calling partner's attention to the play,
should he have a card of the suit In hand, you
asking the question which calls your partner's
attention to the play establishes a revoke, and
the card Improperly played must go with the
trick.
WHAT IS THE TRUMP SUIT?
When the dealer has once lawfully taken up
the trump card It must not be named, under
penalty of law 18. Many players are under the
Impression that they have a rigrht to ask the
dealpr at any time what the trump suit Is.
All questions (except the one when you ask
an adversary if he has a card of a suit re
nounced) must be addressed to and answered
only by your partner. The dealer's responsi
bility of the trump card ceases as soon as he
takes it up lawfully.
SCORING MATCH GAMES.
In scoring match games between two clubs
or where there are more than four players on j
a side it Is done in this way: Add the total |
number of tricks that both teams have made I
together and divide the same by two, and the I
team whose score of tricks taken exceeds such I
dividend wins the match by the number of I
tricks in excess thereof. For example. Trist j
Duplicate r.nd Petaluma play a match with :
sixteen players on a side of twenty-four deals. ;
The total tricks won by Petaluma were 1260, i
the total by Trist 1236. Adding the two scores
together makes 24%; divided by two. Rives us
1248. The Petalumas' score exceeds this num- j
ber by twelve, consequently wins the match j
by that number of tricks. Read law A in the
Laws of Duplicate Whist.
COMMON MISTAKES IN WHIST.
Calling a deal in whist a hand. A "hand" In
whist is thirteen cards, a deal is four hands of
thirteen cards each.
Calling an original lead a "forced" lead be- ;
cause you see fit to open from a short suit. It j
has got to be the common name for this lead
In certain whist localities, but it is incorrect.
The proper name for it is an Irregular lead.
Calling tricks "points." There is nc such
thing as "points" In duplicate whl.«t.
Then, again, saying the "two-spot or nlne
ppot." or any other spot. Just as well say the
jack-spot or queen-spot. The cards are not
spotted.
Playing your cards on the edge of the table
and placing your score sheet and pencil in
front of you near the tray. The reverse of
this is what you should do and comply with the
law.
Read Call History offer. Page 2. •
HALE BBOS
WIND-UP PRICE LIST IN NOTIONS.
KNITTING SILK. 30 yards on a
spool, cream, white, black, yel- A /"»
lows, reds, light blue, pink and TW
Nile green. To close Spool
NECK RIBBONS, 500 yards of all
silk fancy neck or hat ribbons,
4 inches wide, mostly stripes,
good colors, light or dark. The O A /-»
balance of the 35c line reduced .ATV'
to Yard
J-INCH MOIRE TAFFETA RIB-
BON, lavender, heliotrope, pur-
ple, light and dark greens, Q/»
cardinal, etc. The 15c lot re- c/W
duced to Yard
SATIN AND GROS GRAIN RIB-
BON, pure silk, li inches wide,
yellow, lavender, light green.
Nile, old rose, heliotrope, light Kr
and dark pink, corn and black. v V
To close this lot Yard
MOHAIR AND SILK BRAIDS *>C
KEDUCED— BIack, cream, gray, and
green, brown and navy, from i#k»
V' to 1 Inch wide. Reduced from ■"*
10c, 12& c. 15c and 25c to Yard
A CUT IN VELVETS.
The color line of our $1. $1 25
and $1 50 velvets is badly broken,
only tans, resedas, grays, slates,
old rose and modes left. If any of Kf|/-»
these shades suit the price will WW
be Yard
DOMESTIC DEPARTMENT.
A PILLOW CASE SALE-The
11th of last December we had
a 7c pillow case sale; here's
another lot; hundreds sold be-
fore; heavy cambric, 45x36 in- *7 C
ches, well made, very strong, ***
the 10c quality. Very special — Each
2500 pair of COTTON BLANK-
ETS, for sheets, light b-ed
blankets or Ironing board mats,
white or gra>.
56x70 inches 48c pair
63x70 Inches 75c pair
65x76 inches $1 00 pair
66x76 inches $1 25 pair
74x76 inches $1 50 pair
INFANTS' CRADLE
BLANKETS.
PURE SAXONY WOOL CRADLE "
BLANKETS, a beautiful fleecy,
fluffy blanket, fulled and
shrunk, heavily bound with .•; ■
silk. ■ * '
32x42 inches $2 50 each
. 36x4S inches •• 3 00 each
42x56 inches 4 00 each
CRIB COMFORTERS — Beautiful
little affairs, pure as gold,
.figured silkoline covered, fine QStr»
white cotton filled; the size for C/CFw
cribs, 75c and Each
FIXE ALL-WOOL BABY FLAN-
NEL— Cream or pure ~ white, ex-
ceptionally good quality
27 inches wide ....28c per yard
36 Inches wide 45c per yard
WHITE LONG CLOTH for In-
, f ants', ladies' and children's
t underwear, 12 yards to th«
piece
Good quality $1 10 piece
Extra quality 133 piece
c*fa£e>W?zn/ k
/ (INCORPORATED]
937-945 MARKET STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
JOHN F. MYERS CO. INSOLVENT.
The Firm Unable to Ivleet Its Liabili-
ties Aggregating Over $26,000.
The John F. Myers Company, dealers
in stoves and lamps, 947 Market street,
has been declared insolvent. The firm's
liabilities, consisting of open accounts
and promissory notes, aggregate $26,
094 45; assets $$175 75.
It has been known for some time that
the firm has been financially distressed,
and its application to be declared insolv
ent was not unexpected.
New Light and Power Company.
The Tuolumne Light and Power Com
pany incorporated yesterday with a capi
tal stock of $500,000, of which $500 has been
subscribed. The directors are: E. A.
Wiltsee, W. H. Cowles, S. Hoffman, O.
Newhouse and Jesse W. Lilienthal.
In the Divorce Courts.
Susie Berg was gTanted a divorce from
Frederick Berg by Judge Hebbard yes
terday on the ground of extreme cruelty.
* ADVERTISEMENTS.
"THE CREDIT HOUSE." ;«
Six Stories Hi£h. w
I "THE CREDIT HOUSE." tt
Six Stories Hi£h. X
OWEN
f i
J You've wanted this — ;*p
I here it is. Lined Box %
I Couch, covered with $
A denim ... ... . . $5.50 a
X £C
y Hardwood Beds— better than T
X pine, for less money; three-quar- A
T ter 5ize... .:... ..v. ;...:.. «^.O« VJ
Q Triumph Folding Beds, for: «
JL grrown-up ; people .$ 7.35 1
T ; High Chair— something baby T
# will like ;.........:....... ..75c A
Q CARPET DEPARTMENT. *O
J. We've the : . room, the Carpets I
# and the inclination to show you v .:
X how your. room can be tastefully X
i ¥ covered. No harm to look. :', : y
X People from out of town T
I can i spend a pleasant X
x hour here. Don't need T
X to buy— enjoy looking. ; T
M. FRIEDMAN & CO, »
re 233-235-237 Post Street. X
1 ; Near Stockton. > Open Evenings. x
J-»-o-a-«-»-a — o— cmcmoh!*
Kadway'a Ready Relief for, Sprains, Bruise.
Sore Muscles, - Cramps, Burns, Sunburns Bark'
ache ! Headache. Toothache. Rheumatism Veu*
ralgla. Lumbago. Internally - (or all Bo«m
Pains. i Colic, Diarrhoea. *• Dysentery" Cooler*
Morbus and Sickness. Nausea, etc. AU4ru^
'- ■■!:■)■■.■■'- ". - - ■ ■