VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO 102.
NATIVES HOLD HIGH CARNIVAL
ON CALIFORNIA'S NATAL DAY
SAN JOSE, Sept. 9. — California's children have once more cele
brate their parents, natal day with all the enthusiasm befit
ting such an event — on an even more elaborate scale than they
have in former years.
The almost breathless exuberance which marked the inaugural of
the festivities last night gave way to the more spectacular features to
day, and, while the streets have been congested with merrymakers all
day and a half-score of dancing floors are swaying under the feet of
thousands of devotees of Terpsichore to-night, there is not that fairly
hysterical excitement that pervaded the very air twenty-four hours ago.
There have been many notable gatherings in the Garden City, but
never before has there been an event that can compare in point of num
bers in attendance, in splendor and variety of features and in unalloyed
pleasure
To the people of San Jose, and particularly the local parlors of
Native Sons and Daughters, the visitors owe a debt of gratitude it
will not be an easy matter to liquidate, for everything that time, en
ergy and money could accomplish has been poured forth for the com
fort and welfare of the visitors.
While this has been the great day of the celebration, the festivities
by no means close with to-night's events. Admission day, coming as
it did the latter part of the week, enabled those having the affair in
charge to arrange a series of festivities extending through to Sunday,
an arrangement hailed with delight by the thousands who are able to
remain until the close, and with regret by those who must return
home before then. < r 3J
The main feature for to-morrow is a bullshead breakfast at
Agricultural Park In the morning and drives through the vineyards
and other amusements in the afternoon and evening.
On Sunday there will be a great clambake out near Alum Rock
and more excursions to neighboring points. All these events will be
participated in by thousands, for only an insignificant portion of the
whole mass of visitors returned home to-night or will do so before Sun
day, while many have signified their intention of remaining over until
Monday.
The hotels, boarding-houses and private residences are still full to
overflowing, and, while the scramble for rooms is not so apparent to
night as it was last night, it is because townspeople and guests are at
the pavilion or the Vendome or some other of the dozen balls in prog
ress, instead of being on the streets. What it will be toward morning
can c-iiy be conjectured, but it is safe to say that many will find as
they did before little inclination and less opportunity to sleep.
HOSPITABLE NATIVES
KEEP "OPEN HOUSE"
SAN JOSE, Sept. 9.— "Open house"
LA ESTRELLA PARLOR, NATIVE DAUGHTERS, BEARING THE DOVES AND PEACE FLOAT, PASSING IN REVIEW.
The San Francisco Call
was the order adopted by the various
parlors to-day, and this afternoon and
evening there was a steady stream of
guests into the different headquarter*.
Refreshments were served at these
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 189 S.
pair Daughters Wir) the
Hooors in the San Jose
Parade.
places and dancing enjoyed.
Stockton Parlor Native Sons and Joa
quin Parlor Native Daughters were es
pecially active In this respect. All day
long they kept onen house and danc
ing was continually in progress. The
Stockton Native Sons will attend a
bullshead breakfast in a body to-mor
row moraine, and in the afternoon will
go to Alum Rock. They will return to
Stockton in the evening.
Sequoia Parlor is entertaining at Bel
loli's Hall, and a merry throng is en
joying itself. The following are the
officers of the parlor: President, J. S.
Ward; first rice-president, H. T.
Sengstaken; second vice-president, W.
L. Goodwin; third vice-president. H.
Scheper; recording secretary, R. D.
Barton; financial secretary, C. E. Tor
ris; marshal, J. B. Tyson.
San Francisco Parlor No. 49 is at Li
brary Hall, entertaining its friends
with refreshments and dancing.
At Germanla Hall, Pacific Pailor and
Oro Fino, Native Daughters of the
Golden West, are conducting things in
a royal manner. No one is allowed to
leave without partaking of the parlor's
hospitality, Dancing is being enjoyed.
Among the officials of the parlor pres
ent are: President, F. D. Ryan; vice
president, Leonard Stone, and Record
ing Secretary F. J. Kirsch.
The headquarters of Rincon Parlor In
Young Men's Institute Hall is the scene
of much merriment. Members and
friends are enjoying themselves with
refreshments and dance.
The same happy spirit prevails at
the headquarters of Golden Gate Par
lor in the United Workmen Hall.
California Parlor and Buena Vista
Parlor, Native Daughters of the Golden
West, are conducting Joint receptions
at Druids' Hall, while two Piedmont
parlors are at Phelan Hall. These
•places are both crowded and nothing
but merriment and cheer prevails.
The same order prevails all over the
city. Alcatraz Parlor Is at Hale Hall,
Nlantic at the Auzerais House, Pre
cita Parlor at Rutherford Hall, Olym
pus at I. B. S. Hall, Hesperian and Las
Lomas Native Daughters at the Lick
House, Santa Lucia at Knights of Py
thias Hall, Presidio at 38 West San
Fernando street, and Halcyon at the
corner of First and Julian streets.
INCIDENTS OF THE DAY
IN THE GARDEN CITY
SAN JOSE, Sept. 9. — The vast crowd
in the city was augmented this morn
ing by a large number of visitors who
came from San Francisco and Oakland
to pass the day. It was well under
stood by the late comers that sleeping
accommodations in the hotels and regu
lar lodging-houses were quite out of
the reckoning, and so special effort was
directed to find suitable places for in
specting the parade.
The narrow-gauge train leaving Oak
land at 8:15 a. m. brought a large re
inforcement to Oakland Parlor, but the
Native Sons arriving late could not get
Into line. The train consisted of six
teen coaches, but so many freight
trains were encountered on the way
that the passengers did not get here
until the train leaving San Francisco
at 9:15 a. m. was due. In order to reach
their destination in time to participate
in the procession many of the Oakland
ers abandoned the narrow-gauge at the,
Southern Pacific junction near Santa
Clara and came on the broad track.
Among the spectators there is only
one opinion regarding the procession of
Native Sons and Daughters. It was the
general comment that the parade was
beautiful and highly creditable and
that in many features of attraction it
surpassed any preceding display under
the auspices of the order.
The Native Daughters surely ac
quired distinction for beauty individu
ally and collectively, and marched in
a style that commanded admiration.
So many of the parlors of the Native
Sons paraded in praiseworthy form and
exhibited taste and originality in cos
tume that it may seem unfair to select
two or three for special recognition, but
the fact exists that Palo Alto and Ob
servatory Parlors won from the throng
of spectators many tokens of admira
tion. The Palo Alto Sons wore white
hats of soft felt and becoming white
suits. The Observatory paraders wore
white trousers and blue coats. The
badges of each parlor were beautiful in
design and costly in material.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 9.— lt seemed last
night as though everybody in
the State was here. That is an
error; only half the population
was here over night; the other
half arrived on the early morning
trains, which were run in two or more
sections. Of course the parade was the
attraction, and needless to say the
streets were filled with sightseers at an
early hour; they had not, by any
means, been deserted at any time dur
ing the hours of darkness.
As for the procession, it surpassed
anything ever seen In San Jose, and, in
deed, it has seldom been exceeded in
San Francisco. The Native Sons have
given many brilliant pageants, but that
of Admission day, 1898. will stand for
years as the most gorgeous review of
the youth of California on record.
But why give credit to the Native
Sons? They were of secondary consid
eration. The Native Daughters made
It the splendid success It was. There
were hundreds of them in line, a few
on horseback, some in carriages, but
most of them were on foot. Their
pluck in walking the entire route of
the procession, a distance of several
miles, was admired no less than their
beauty. Of course they were beautiful
— who could imagine an ordinary look
ing Native Daughter — but really the
girls in line to-day were unusually
pretty even for California girls.
It would be difficult to select the
most attractive parlor of Daughters;
It would be impossible to choose be
tween them in the matter of beauty.
Perhaps La EstreJla Parlor of San
Francisco excited the most comment
because of the beautiful and fitting
emblem of peace the members carried
in the parade. This was the only at
tempt made by any of the parlors in
the way of floats, a/id La Estrella was
greeted with prolonged cheers along the
entire line of march. The emblem,
which was fully described in The Call
several days ago, was an immense six
pointed crystallized star, carried by as
many members, while the others radi
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ated from it at the ends of long white
satin streamers. On the star was a dis
mounted cann n, also crystallized, on
which was perched a dove, while taking
flight from the mouth of the silenced
engine of war were five more doves,
bearing in their beaks letters forming
the word "Peace." The girls were
dressed in white from head to foot and
wore doves on their heads.
The "advance" was not sonnded until
after 11 o'clock, when the last parlor
had taken its station. At that hour the
streets along the line of march wero
literally packed with people, how many
no mortal could estimate with any de
gree of accuracy. Besides the thous
ands from the bay cities, the Sacra
mento, San Joaquin, Santa Clara, Pa
jaro and Saline valleys, Santa Crus
and other coast points sent contingents.
The mountain regions, too, had their
representatives by hundreds, so when it
is said there were many, many thous
ands of spectators in addition to the
thousands in the procession that is as
near as one can come to the number of
people here to-day.
The advance formed on Seventh street
and Santa Clara avenue. At the signal
Grand Marshal W. A. Gaston, mounted
on a handsome horse, started down tha
broad avenue with his chief of staff,
H. M. N. Spring, and Chief Aid D. C.
Martin. Following rode these aids:
Neil A. McConaghy, H. I. Mulcreavy.
S. A. Hopkins, C. A. Boideman, T. C.
Hogan, A. J. Hart, A. R. Underwood,
H. F. Butts, T. W. Lenzen, A. L. Mor
genstern, W. A. Miller, L. W. Juillard,
F. Mordecai, J. E. Barry- Next came
the inevitable string of carriages con
taining the grand president and officers
and orators of the day.
The first division was marshaled by
P. E. Zabala, with Ben Davis and A. J.
Johnson as aids. The Fifth Regiment
band escorted the grand officers of the
Native Sons o: the Golden West and
district deputy grand presidents in car
riages. California Parlor No. 1, with its
banner at the head with the Stars and
Stripes and the Bear flag, the members
carrying Japanese parasols and re
splendent In regalia, closed this divis
ion.
The second section was probably tha2
HOSPITALITY OF THE GARDEN
CITY GAINS LASTING RENOWN
most attractive In the line as it was
composed entirely of Native Daughters.
To be sure there were girls in other
divisions, but they were handicapped
by close proximity to the men. The
division was headed by Marshal D. A.
Ryan, with George B. May, Miss Lu
cinda Hernandez and R. P. Doolan
aids. Following the Marine band rode
the grand officers Native Daughters
of the Golden West in carriages and
then marched Buena Vista Parlor,
headed by its drill corps — sixteen young
ladies dressed in blue suits trimmed
■with white braid, blue caps and white
collars, set oft with red ties. The girls
carried miniature muskets, which they
handled with the precision of veterans.
They presented a handsome appearance
and were the recipients of continued
applause.
Minerva and San Jose parlors fol
lowed in order, their members attired
In white from shoes to hats, ar.d most
entrancing they looked. La Estrella,
with Its star of peace, closed the divi
sion.
Marshal J. S. Williams and his aids,
G. E. de Golia and T. W. Hobson, led
the third division, followed by Pied
mont Band and Piedmont parlors. Na
tive Sons and Daughters. Exceeding
ly handsome Oakland Sons and Daugh
ters looked, dressed in white and
marching together, the gorgeous ban
ner of No. 120 mounted on wheels at
their head.
The splendid band of the Flfty-flrst
lowa Volunteer Infantry escorted Pa
cific Parlor Native Sons, and Oro Flno,
Native Daughters, who marched to
gether in column of fours. The ladies
were all in white, and the yachting
suits of the men were tastefully
trimmed with yellow silk sashes.
The band of the Twentieth Kansas
Regiment discoursed music for Golden
Gate Parlor, which turned out with
full ranks, the members wearing the
regalia of the order and carrying par
asols. Mission Parlor, In regalia, with
Its banner at the head of the line. San
Francisco Parlor's drum corps in hand
some uniforms and San Francisco Par
lor acted as escort to the Pioneers of
San Jose, who filled six carriages. Fol
lowing these rode Mayor C. J. Martin
of San Jose and Mayor James D. Phe-
Jan of San Francisco in an open ba
rouche, while behind them rode the
City Council and the Board of Super
visors.
Vendome Parlor, Native Daughters,
thirty of the Garden City's 'loveliest
buds, clustered In a six-horse coach,
brought up the rear of this division.
And right here it is in place to say that
those girls are Jusl as courageous as
they are pretty. Their hateful old
marshal sought to shame them Into
walking with their sisters by calling
them "tender feet" and other things.
but they just didn't care. It was
fearfully warm, the line of march long,
a reception of several hours' duration
was to follow tb" parade and the ball
at night would be a still further tax
upon their strength. They paid for
their carriage and they'd just bet the
other girls would wish they were rid
ing, too, before the parade was over.
The marshal expostulated, the girls
were determined and the boys In the
vicinity of the controversy cheered the
girls. Needless to add. they had their
own way — women always do — and no
fairer feature was seen to-day than
that bevy ot girls in white, laughing
and chattering as they rode along
looking extraordinarily cool and com
fortable.
Oakland and Stanford parlors, es
corted by Blanchard's band, marched
together at the head of the fourth di
vision, which was marshaled by T. A.
K. Fassett, assisted by W. E. O'Con
nor and Milton Besser. Both parlors
looked exceedingly handsome in their
white uniforms, as did Alameda par
lors, Sons and Daughters, that fol
lowed. Athens Parlor was dressed in
white, with straw hats and parasols.
Behind the Alamedans and Oakland
ers marcht-d El Dorado Parlor, escort
ing the ladies of Orinda Parlor. The
girls, all in white, and the boys in white
trousers and black coats, presented one
of the prettiest pictures of the day.
>l»t Tamalpala Parlor, of San Ra
faeHTts members jaunty In showy
white uniforms and having its own
band, closed this division.
Marshal T. A. Lane and Aids Frank
H. Mills and J. E. Hancock rode at the
head of the fifth division, Hincon band
and parlor in handsome white uniforms
marching at the head. Yerba Buena
Parlor and National Parlor and drum
corps, all showily clad and cordially
received, came next. The feature of
the division, however, was the fourth
division of the Naval Battalion.
N. G. C, in full uniform, escorting
Santa Cruz Parlor. Bay City, Niantic
and Eden parlors brought up the rear
of the division.
The sixth division, led by Marshal
John P. Donovan and Aids L. P. Pow
elsori and W. F. James, contained many
novel and attractive features. First
there was the Salinas band escorting
Santa Lucia Parlor of that city, one of
the finest looking corp3 In the entire
line. Following them were the Colum
bian and Hesperian parlors, many in
numbers and quite as attractive as the
others. Los Lomas Parlor, Native
Daughters, attracted much admiration
as they marched along in front of the
Redwood City Parlor and band. Al
catraz and Halcyon parlors were the
last of the division In line.
The seventh, division was marshaled
by George V. ' Bollinger, with W. J.
Hawkins as aid. Stockton Parlor No.
7, preceded by the Stockton band of
sixteen ' pieces, headed the division.
Frank Adams was marshal of the par
lor. About sixty men were in line,
drawing a float emblematic of mining
in the Sierras. The float was white,
trimmed with yellow and artificial pop
pies and mounted a large white plaster
bear. This was drawn by members of
the parlor. About the sides and ends
of the float were gilded picks, shovels
and gold pans. In the inclosure of the
rope drawing the exhibit were a large
black bear and a small white terrier.
These were led by boys and attracted
much attention. The members of the
parlor made a fine appearance in suits
of white duck with a dark hair line,
with white hats with black bands.
They wore white and gold neckties and
displayed badges of the same colors, on
■which was a large yellow celluloid "7."
The parlor yell was:
Stockton, Stockton Ib my heaven.
Stockton. Stockton, number soven.
Brooklyn Parlor No. 151, under com
mand of C. K. Townsend, was next
•with forty members. They appeared in
natty suits of white duck trousers and
red sashes with blue and white negli
ge shirts. They wore red ties and
white caps with red bands. The parlor
carried Japanese parasols of red, white
and blue crepe paper made especially
for the occasion.
Alcalde Parlor No. 154 had sixty
members in line. J. L. Watson was
marshal. The members wore genuine
Manila hats, forwarded by a member
of the order now fighting with the First
California Regiment. These had a band
of red white and blue ribbon.
South San i rancisco Parlor No. 157
appeared with thirty men and N. Hal
linan as marshal. TMeir dress was neg
lige shirts, blue belts yellow neckties
and straw hats. Each carried a Japan
ese parasol.
W W Wai to a was marshal of Wash
ington Parlor No. 169, which turned out
forty strong. Japanese parasols and
blue and gold badges were the decora
tions of the parlor.
The Menlo Cadets, under command of I
Lieutenant Sel escorted Menlo Par
lor. About forty cadets were in line
and the boys marched with the air of
veterans. F. P. Roach was marshal of
Menlo Parlor. The Menlo Natives num
bered twenty. They carried Japanese
sunshades and handsome yellow and
blue badges.
Precita Parlor No. 187 made a fine
appearance under the marshalship of
J.S. Earls. They were attired in white
duck trousers, neglige shirts, brown
belts and white caps with purple bands.
Japanese parasols added to the effect.
The parlor was headed by its own
drum corps of four men.
Marshall Parlor No. 202 of San Fran
cisco presented a most grotesque and
amusing appearance. A. Nicholls was
•marshal. This is the baby parlor of the
order and its members wore white poke
bonnets and had fair-sized girl dolls
pinned to their coats. Fifty members
were in line. An effort was made last
night to obtain real live infants for the
paraders to carry, but no mothers could
be found who would risk their children
with the festive sons. Japanese para
sols protected them from the sun. But
tons in the lapels of their coats bore
the words: "I am a warm baby."
The eighth division was made up al
most entirely of the local parlors.
Louis Sericano was marshal, with J.
M. Hanley and R. C. Kelly aids. Se
quoia band was at its head, followed
by Sequoia Parlor No. 160. With them
marched Fremont Parlor of Native
Daughters. A bear and national flag
were mounted on two bicycles each, as
was also their banner on wheels. J. 13.
Tyson was in command of the parlor,
which was. 100 strong. The members
wore white vests and caps and carried
Japanese parasols. Fremont Parlor of
Native Daughters numbered thirty-five
and made a pretty appearance in their
suits of white organdies. Miss May
Hawkins was marshal. Each carried
large fans with red, white and blue
badges.
San Jose Parlor No. 22 was represent
ed by fifty men, with EL EL Herring
ton marshal. They were dressed in
brown crash suits with red sash and
red ties and crash hats with red bands.
They also 'carried Japanese umbrellas.
The National Drum Corps of fifteen
was the next feature.
Palo Alto Parlor No. 82 of San Jose
made the best appearance of any of the
Native Sons parlors. Their dress was
tasty and most of the men were of
stately proportions. H. H. Briggs was
marshal. At the head of this parlor
was "Jack" Carroll in a neat little rig
drawn by two Shetlands. Beside him
were seated three little boys — "Jack"
Spring, Fen Massol and "Jack" McAl
lister. The rig was decorated in orange
and white. The boys were dressed In
the same colors and acted as standard
bearers. The parlor's banner was car
ried in the rig. The members wore
white duck trousers and coats, striped
Stanley shirts, orange ties and sashes,
white felt hato and white shoes.
Seventy members were in line.
Observatory Parlor No. 177 of San
Jose came next. W. A. Beaaley mar
shaled the fifty members in parade.
This parlor also made a good appear
ance. The attire was white duck
trousers, blue coats, white yachting
caps and outing shirts. Japanese para
sols were also carried. The parlor hod
the finest banner mount in the parade.
This was of the bicycle pattern and
silver placed and set off their fine ban
ner to advantage.
The last place in the line of march
was assigned to California Parlor,
Junior Order of Native Sons. About
twenty young men were in line, with
T. Thwaits as marshal. They wore
white duck trousers and hats and red,
white and blue neckties. These young
Natives carried bear parasols.
The costuming of the Daughters,
their deportment on parade and the re
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1898.
BALLROOM SCENE AT THE PAVILION.
flnement which their presence gave to
the affair became the topic of conver
sation.
The invasion of the hotels, restau
rants ani refreshment booths after the
parade was a sight worth seeing. The
crush extended from the Hotel Yen
dome to the restaurants in the vicinity
of the Postoffice. Until away into the
afternoon all th 2 tables where food was
served were occupied and men and wo
men loitered around waiting for a
chance to sit down and eat. The pro
prietors of the restaurants did not an
ticipate the full extent of the demands
on the commissary department. Before
the army of visitors had been served all
the supplies on hand were exhausted.
Cooks, waiters and patrons had to be
patient under the circumstances. There
was no railing against the town by the
visitors as they could very well see that
the -rush was extraordinary and that
the residents were doing all that could
be done to feed the multitude.
It is creditable to the people of San
Jose that the venders of food did not
take advantage of the great demand to
double up on prices. Complaints of ex
tortion are seldom heard. Judge Wal
ter Levy came into contact with a
chicken that was hatched before any
of the Native Daughters were born, but
the price was not increased because the
poultry enjoyed pioneer distinction.
Among the candidates for office who
are on the ground surveying the field
with an eye to the condition of fences
is State Treasurer Will S. Green, the
nominee for that office on the fusion
ticket. He saw the parade from a good
point of view at the corner of Santa
Clara and First streets.
A. J. Johnston, the Republican can
didate for State Printer, has been in
San Jose twenty-four hours. He danced
at the ball of the Stanford and Oak
land Parlors at Hotel Vendome to
night. Charles F. Curry, Republican
candidate for Secretary of State, has
met a host of Native Sons since his ar
rival here.
Judge W. M. Conley of Madera and
Justice W. C. Van Fleet, candidates for
the State Supreme Bench, are looking
on.
William Friend of Oakland, who
marshaled the Pardee shouters at Sac
ramento, arrived eajly in the day,
early enough to join the procession in
a carriage.
Ex-Judge Walter Levy and Mayor
Phelan of San Francisco are participat
ing in the Admission day festivities,
each equipped in society fashion for
the events of the evening.
W. H. Alford, grand but slightly
gloomy, watches the progress of the
commonwealth from the piazza of the
Hotel Vendome. William A. Deane,
who is on the list of candidates for
County Clerk of San Francisco, listens
to the music at the Vendome. Walter
N. Brunt, accompanied by his accom
plished wife, is at the Vendome, en
joying the triumphs of Mission Parlor.
George de Golia of Oakland was a
mounted feature in the parade to-day.
He won applause for the gallant man
ner in which he rode along the line
and entreated the spectators to stand
back and give the pretty girls a chance.
Sheriff Whelan, Judge Coffey, M. A.
Dorn, Justice Barry, Judge J. A. Car
roll and Insnector Dockery of San
Francisco are reflecting credit on the
metropolis.
Native Sons Hold Picnics.
L.OS ANGELES, Sept. 9.— Beyond the
fact that the banks and public offices
are closed to-day there Is nothing to
indicate that it is Admission day. The
Native Sons held picnics in various
places.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bronio Quinine Tablets.' All
druggists refund the money if It falls to cure.
26c. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
NATIVES WITNESS
BICYCLE RACES
Exciting Sport at the
Baseball Park.
"BUNT" SMITH BEATS WING
INTEREST OF THE DAY CENTERS
IN THEIR CONTEST.
Walter Davidson of the Bay City
Wheelmen Captures the Mile
Handicap in Clever
Style.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 9.— The largest
crowd which haa attended a bicycle
meet here since the great cycle carni
val of 1895, packed the grand stand at
the baseball park this afternoon to see
the events conducted by the Garden
City Wheelmen in conjunction with the
Native Sons' celebration. Ten thousand
was the estimated attendance and the
infield of the ball ground had to accom
modate the overflow that could not find
seats in the stands.
The racing was of a high order and
furnished exciting sport and some big
surprises. A delegation of Olympic
wheelmen came down in the morning
to see their champion win, as they
hoped, the match race between him and
"Bunt" Smith of this city. They re
turned to-night disappointed and de
pleted in pocket, for Smith showed
Wing the way across the tape in two
successive heats. It was a decisive vic
tory and left no room for doubt ac to
which was the better man.
Wing defeated Smith in a match sev
eral months ago at Elmhurst and his
reversal of form to-day was a big dis
appointment to his followers. Smith
had trained faithfully for this one race
and was in the pink of condition. Be
sides winning the match race Smith
won his heat and third place in the
final of the two-thirds mile Bcratch.
Next to Smith, Georgre Fuller and E.
F. Ruse of the Olympics, and the Da
vidson brothers and Ivan Treadwell of
the Bay City Club, made the best show
ing of the meet. Fuller won the two
thirds, Walter Davidson taking second.
Davidson also won the mile handicap
in splendid style. Arthur Davidson
showed up strong in all the heats. Russ
won his heat in the mile handicap and
third place in the final. Treadwell took
second in the handicap.
The match race between Smith and
Wing was the event of the day, and
excited intense interest. It was run
in mile heats best two in three, tan
dem paced, flying start. Wing won
the toss for position in the first heat
and chose the outside. The tandem
was manned by E. O. JKragnes« (Olym
pic) and Judus Smith (Garden City).
Smith caught the tandem first as
they shot across the tape and was soon
tacked on snugly behind it, AVing close
ly following him. The first lap of one
third mile was run in :41 3-5. The time
was equally as fast on the second lap,
1:18 3-5. On the third lap the tandem
dropped out and the men finished to
gether. Wing could not make up the
lead that Smith had and the latter
crossed the tape ahead in a gruelling
finish. The time was lightning fast —
1:59 for one mile. \
After several heats of the other races
had been run, giving the contestants in
the match race a chance to rest, they
came out for the second heat. Smith
was again the first to catch the pace
makers. They rode the first third of a
mile in :42. As the tandem dropped out
on the last lap Smith sprinted to re
tain his lead, and, try as he would,
Wing could do no better than trail him
in to the tape, which Smith crossed In
2:04. winning the heat and the match.
He was given an ovation as he passed
the grand stands.
The racing opened with a two-thirds
of a mile scratch event, run in seven
heats. The starters in the first heat
were C. M. Smith, Garden City; E. T.
McNess, Bay City; Thomas Thurbet,
unattached, and P. H. Rosenheim, Re
liance. On the second lap all fell but
Smith, who came on alone and won in
1:313-5. Rosenheim remounted and
finished second.
In the second heat were J. E. Wing,
Olympic; Fred Evans, Reliance; M. G.
Curtis, Encinal:- Gail Hardenbrook,
Garden City. Curtis set all the pace for
a lap and a half, when Wing took the
lead and won easily in 1:40.
E. F. Russ, Olympic; E. B. Wastie,
Garden City; Ivan Treadwell, Bay
City; G. W. Phillips, Tuba City; C. S.
Adams, Reliance, and Thomas H.
White, San Jose, started in the third.
Treadwell, Phillips and White went
down on the first lap. Russ won as he
pleased In 1:34 1-5, Wastie second.
In the fourth beat were George Ful
ler, Olympic; •Borge Thorn, Garden
City; B. M. Kennedy. Acme; George
Frank, Reliance, and D. G. Sylvester
of Honolulu. The order was Fuller.
Thorn at the tape, with several wheels'
lengths separating them. The time was
1:31 3-5.
The line-up for the fifth heat was:
A. T. Smith, Acme; A. Percy Deacon,
Reliance; D. E. Francis, Garden City;
A. E. Davidson, Bay City; H. D. Bean,
Olympic, and A. Reidy, Acme. It was
a pretty contest between Deacon,
Smith, Francis and Bean, who finished
"neck and neck" together. The judges
gave first place to Francis and second
to Bean. Time, 1:36 2-5.
E. A. Bozio, Olympic; D. Arata and
George Ferris, Acme; Eugene Coffin,
unattached; Walter J. Davidson, Bay
City, and I. Latcher, Olympic, rode in
the sixth. Bozio got a big lead by a
steal on the back stretch in the second
lap. but Davidson was hot after him
and passed him before the tape was
\" ADVERTISEMENTS. -
Scrofula
.Taints the blood of millions, and sooner
or later may s break out In hip' disease,
running sores Vor some more . compli-
cated \ form. To cure scrofula or pre-
vent it, X thoroughly ; purify your blood
with Hood's 'Sarsaparilla, which has a
continually growing record of wonder-
ful cures. ." 'i. : _•
HaaH^ SaPsa "
nOOa S papilla
I Is America** Greatest Medicine. $1: • six for $5.
1 ■ Hood's Pills cure indigestion, biliousness
1
reached. The others "also ran." The
time, 1:30 4-5, was the fastest made in
the six heats.
In the seventh and last heat were C.
Vogel. Reliance; Ralph Robinson, San
Francisco; G. Cramer, Reliance; H. W.
Squires, Acme; P. F. Nace, California.
Robinson showed the most speed and
won by a good margin from Squires in
1:40 2-5.
This brought Treadwell, Francis,
Bozio, Wing, Ruse, Fuller, W. David
son, C. M. Smith, Robinson and E. J.
Smith into the final, a big field for a
scratch race, and comprising the pick
of the talent in this part of the State.
Hardenbrook was put into pace to
make it speedy. 1., the sprint for home
Fuller assumed the lead and was never
headed. Davidson ran into second place
and C. M. Smith took third. The time
was 1:27 3-5, the best made in any of
the heats.
The other race on the long pro
gramme was a mile handicap, run in
four heats. E. A. Bozio (Olympic) won
the first from a field of nine, after a
hot finish with Ivan Treadwell, who
rode splendidly considering the injuries
he received from the spill in the first
heat of the two-thirds mile scratch
H. Robinson (Garden City) was third
Seven men came out for the second
heat out of an entry of eleven, four of
whom were scratched. The two Da
vidson brothers of the Bay City Club
made all the running, but could not
beat D. Manning (Garden City), who
had a longer handicap. Walter Da
ADVEETISEMENTS. '
ON THE imML
We have entered the race. • .'-'■-• f}\ ■'
'We find ■ the track heavy.
Heavier than many expected it to be.
Having trained with same management bffort
We were partly prepared for eh.2 contest.
We drive a double team.
Oui eyes are open for "flyers."
Wo have a firm hold on the "ribbons "
The crack of our lash will not be heard. ;
A gentle "go" will do it all.
See : the dust : fly at the turning stake. A •
Will try to keep even on the up grade. *° '
Now see the fun on the "home stretch."
: Watch the race to the end ......
Tally Ho!
Put up your money on the winning r.ag.
MONEY MAKES THE MARE GO.
WINNING BARGAINS.
Sperry, Golden Gate or Drifted Snow flour.sl 00
Fine grades of family flour, fancy 90c
Soda crackers, American Biscuit Co., b0x.. 50c
Rice, finest grades of island. 17 lbs $1 00
Hams, choicest sugar-cured Eastern lie
Bacon, Eastern sugar-cured 9c
Lard very best we know, 10 lbs 75c
Babbitts best soap in order, 10 for 35c
Ice cream freezers, family size U 00
Fine table salt, reduced to 2c
We Are Open On SATURDAY EVENINGS Until 8:3» o'Clock Until Holidays.
FLYING TO KLONDIKE. MMlSll^y
Folding stoves for camp or cabin $150 W v *"
Telescope stoves, best In use anywhere.. $3 00 5^ HwFH ' ffi B RBBra Hb^A
Alaska sleds, closing out the last .....J2 00 ©L NKaj 4*"tt 5J 13 3 & >Ka
Mackinaw coats for miners or anybody.... sl 73 TStaJjg* 3 .|j S £3 5s '• i
Du<'k lined coats for winter, shopworn.. ....$1 00 ' »"" CHi 0 19 HI .!^#r..-
c ™L?s re .:: cc * iB > worth : double -r from rem - ■-• f^za€iij " Q^iAnr
Heavy $15 sleepinV'robes'or'bVdß.":.":^".'^^'^ v »I» V> Sy * T u ke
Heavy, wool btankats. gray mottled .'.:... 52 50 "T . : " : - "-■ - -— - *>-^^
Heavy fur coat, worth | 2 0.n0w....^ »B0 Market Q t g # p #
vidson took second and Arthur David
son third. Fuller (Olympic) won the
George Fuller (Olympic) won the
third heat from scratch in 2:12 1-5 from
a field of eleven. G. W. Phillips of
Tuba City took second place from 105
yard handicap, and D. E. Francis
(Garden City), 70 yards, was third. The
big field of starters made the heat In
tensely interesting, and the result was
always in doubt until the tape was
CI E SS F Buss, ope of the Olympic Club's
cracks, showed great form in the fourth
heat, winning handily from "a. field, of
"even in 2-13.-Letcher (Garden City)
was second, from 70 yards, and Sylves
ter (Bay City) third, from 60 yards.
The starters . in the final heat were:
E F Russ, Olympic, scratch; E. A.
Bozio, Olympic, 20 yards; George P.
Fuller, Olympic, 25: W. J. Davidson.
Bay City, 30; Ivan Treadwell, Bay City,
35- D. G. Sylvester. Honolulu, 50; D. B.
Francis, Garden City, 70; I. Letcher,
Garden City. 70; D. Manning. Garden
City. 85; Q. W. Phillips, Tuba City, 105.
It was a hot ride from the start. Da
vidson showed a wonderful burst of
speed, passing the leaders on the last
lap and winning handily. Treadwell
•was second and Russ third. Time, 2:11.
The following is the summary:
Mile handicap, first beat-E. A. Bo»io. Olym
pic 20 yards, first; Ivan Treadwell, Bay City,
fc yards second; li. Robinson. Garden City, 95
y Second heat-^^Manninff. Garden City. 85
yards first; Walter J. Davidson, Bay City, 80
yards, second; Arthur E. Davidson. Bay City,
70 yards, third. Time. 2:19 2-5. •_-.
Third George P. Fuller, Olympic, 25
yards, first; G. W. Phillips, tuba City. 105
yards, second: D. E. Francis, Garden City. 70
yards, third. Time, 2:12 1-5.
Fourth heat— F. Bubs. Olympic, scratch,
first: I. Letcher, Garden City, 70 yards, second:
D. G. Sylvester, Bay City, 50 yards, third.
Time, 2:13. . . _
Final heat— "Walter J. Davidson. Bay City. 30
yards, first; Ivan Treadwell, Bay City. 35 yards,
second; E. F. Russ, Olympic, scratch, third.
Time, 2:13.
Two-thirds of a mile, scratch, • first heat— C
M. Smith. Garden City, first; P. H. Rosenhelm,
Reliance, second.% Time, 1:31 3-5.
Second heat-J. E. Wing,, Olympic first; M.
G. Curtis, Encinal, second. Time. 1:40.
Third heat— E. F. Russ. Olympic, first; E. B.
Wastie. Garden City, second. Time, 1:34 1-5.
Fourth heat— George P. Fuller, Olympic, first;
George Thorn, Garden City, second. Time,
1:31 3-5.. .;- ■
Fifth heat— D.E. Francis. Garden City, first;
H. D. Bean, Olympic, second. Time, 1:36 2-6.
Sixth heat— W. J. Davidson. Bay City, first;
E. A. Bozio, Olympic, second. Time 1:30 4-5.
Seventh heat— Ralph • Robinson, San Fran
cisco, first; H. W. Squires, Acme, second. Time,
1:40 2-5.
Final heat— George P. Fuller, Olympic, first;
Walter J. Davidson, Bay City, second;- C. M.
Smith, Garden City, third. Time. 1:27 3-5.
Match race - between J. E. Wing- of the
Olympic Club - Wheelmen. San Francisco, and
C. M. Smith of the Garden City Wheelmen,
mile heats, best two in three— First heat won
by Smith. Time. 1:59.
Second heat won by Smith. Time, 2:04.
The following prominent wheelmen
conducted the meet and acted as of
ficials:
Executive committee —Al Hubbard,
chairman; George E. Owen, secretary.
Race committee— Al Hubbard, chair
man; Joe Desimone and E. S. Johnson.
Printing and advertising— George E.
Owen, chairman: H. L. Miller, Dr. Schu
macker.
Prize committee —J. W. McCauley,
chairman; J. A. Delmas and R. J. Butler.
Race meet officials — Director of the day,
J. B. Lamkin; referee. Al Cole; judges^—
C. A. Adams, F. H. Kerrigan and J. A.
Desimone.
Timers— A. P. Swain, George H. Strong,
Henry "U'ynne, C. S. Myrick, M. Leven
son and Hardy Downing.
Starter, Robert Lennie; assistant, J. H.
Belloll.
Scorer, Ed "Wllllston; assistant, Asa
Marsh.
Clerks— Robert J. Butler and assist
ants.
Umpires — Charles Mears and Dr. Schu
macker.
Physician, Dr. TV. K. Davis.
VALLEJO AND NAPA
OBSERVE THE DAY
NAPA, Sept. 9. — Napa and Vallejo
celebrated Admission day at Napa in
fitting style. Over two hundred persona
from Vallejo, accompanied by the band
from the United States steamer Inde
pendence, augmented the street parade,
which was witnessed by hundreds of
citizens from town and the surround
ing country.
Appropriate ceremonies were held at
the beautiful East Napa Park in the
extensive pavilion. Hon. John York
was president of the day and District
Attorney Theodore A. Bell delivered a
patriotic oration which was applauded
by a large crowd. In the afternoon and
late to-night a large throng enjoyed
dancing at the pavilion, which is in a
fine grove of trees and is practically
out of doors. The weather was ideal
and the Native Sons of Napa and Val
lejo in an able manner emulated their
brothers at San Jose.
At Calistoga there were bicycle races,
which were well attended and interest
ing.
The Day at Capitola.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 9.— Admission
day was celebrated by the Pioneers at
Capitola with musical and literary ex
ercises. R, C. Kirby was president of
the day and J. W. Linscott orator.
60 FAST FOR CASH.
Big boys' wool half hose, pair. :...... -,
JS.M? ts ,^ ra >' hose - closing. XMillsc
l^7^XlZ\ 1 0% e rs- 10C '
Covered slate and pencil n0w. .... " " 5°
Button shoes, $3 kind, s^, 6 fiU closing ""'Bsc
?* c '? ■ .. d fi eSS » up s^s, lace or Congress.... silo
OH f»H- " eBt vestln & top kid shoesf.-....: $2 50
Old ladies' , easy shoes, wide, good ........|i 50
Men s working gloves, 8, 9, 10.7.... .....25c-WITH MUSIC AND THE DANCE
THE DAY'S PLEASURES END
LOCAL PARLORS
EXTEND GREETING
TO THEIR GUESTS
Icecream and Oratory Refresh
Thousands of Visiting
Delegates.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 9.— This afternoon
a general reception was held at
the Courthouse under the aus
pices of Observatory, Palo Alto
and San Jose Parlors of the Na
tive Sons and Vendome and San Jose
Parlors of the Native Daughters. This
event began at the conclusion of the
parade and was attended by almost
every Native Son and Daughter in the
city. Ice cream and cake were served
and the feast was an enjoyable one.
This welcoming of guests was opened
with short literary exorcises. After a
selection by the Fifth Regiment band
Hon. B. A. Herrington delivered an ad
dross of welcome. It was well received
and at its conclusion the speaker was
cheered. Mr. Herrington said:
Mr. President, Pioneers, Native
Daughters, Native Sons, Ladies and
Gentlemen: Again and for the fourth
tinu> the citizens of Santa Clara Val
ley and of the Garden City of the
Golden A> "ost welcome you as' brothers
and sis.t-rs to our hearts, our homes
and our hospitality, that wo may com
mi morate tho forty-fighth anniver
sary of California's statehood.
Neither among our hills nor within
our valley will you realize the fabled
Atlantis; nor the Utopia of the im
mortal More, nor yet the Garden of
Eden of the sacred past; but yet—
even here within tho confines of our
own county— the wealth and perfec
tion of our institutions has given to
us and to the world an everlasting
monument to the wisdom of our an
cestors in their having gathered these
W< st. m shores within the folds of the
stars and stripes of free America; a
monument to their sagacity in their
having: made this land that is washed
by the ceaseless waves of the Pa
cific one of the component parts of
this mighty nation.
Upon th>> highest mountain peak on
tho east one pioneer has left the evi
dences of his genius and his generos
ity; the Ja,mes Lick Observatory,
standing silent and Immovable, a god
dess ot vision, with her ceaseless
vigils, jealous of her myriad lovers,
challenges the scientific world to
eclipse her far-reaching ability in not
ing tho heavenly constellations.
On tho extreme west another pio
neer startled the. world by his love of
civilization and scholarly advancement
and his exemplification of philan
thropy. Here the Leland Stanford
Jr. University, with her colossal en
dowment, her perfection of appoint
ments and her unexcelled corps of in
structors proclaims herself "empress
of the educational institutions or the
world."
From the observatory's dome on our
east to the chapel of the university
on our west, from the rolling hills
where the clustering grape attatnß na
ture's perfection, from the valley
where are found fruits unknown to
Holy Writ, from the gardens where
art- flowers painted and perfumed by
the Master's hand, throughout the
length and breadth of our county, in
one united voice, our people bid you
welcome.
Like Porto Rico, our city has? volun
tarily surrendered to you and is now
under your control. You have en
listed the State's prosecutor in your
behalf; the magistrates have fled; the
Sheriff is out soliciting new recruits;
the Chief of Police has been rendered
"hors de combat," and the Halls of
Justice have been converted into a
house of revelry. This you have ac
complished by a more potential force
than the mighty engines of modern
warfare; you have attained this end
by the strength of your fraternal af
foctlon and by the magnitude of the
honor you confer upon us.
Therefore, be not afraid, as you go
forth upon our highways. We "do not
anticipate that the sound of your
voices will fall upon the ears of our
good citizens with a peculiar and in
describable charm, like the gentle mur
mur of a low fountain stealing forth
in the midst of roses, nor like the
soft, sweet accents of an angel's whis
per in the bright Joyous dream of
sleeping innocence. By your songs
of revelry and by your enthusiastic
shouts of good fellowship proclaim
to us your appreciation of your wel
come and show us the breadth, depth
and sincerity of your pleasure and joy
that we may feel the satisfaction of
our efforts.
To you, our noble pioneer fathers,
to you, our pioneer mothers, whose
eyes with tears of affection reflect
souls of heavenly virtue, we turn with
silent reverence and love. Our pray
ers are for your fullest comfort and
your eumpletest happiness; we wel
come you with constant and tenderest
affection. May your sojourn be ever
pleasantly remembered, and while here
—yea, ever after— may nothing mar
the fullest scope of your enjoyment find
may a kindly Providence ever decree
your course a happy one.
This address was responded to by
Grand President Judge W. M. Conley.
He spoke in a pleasing vein as follows:
Citizens of San Jose, Ladles and Gentle
men: On behalf of the order of the Na
tive Sons of the Golden West I accept
your generous greeting and kind expres
sions of your unbounded hospitality. We
have been guests before on more than
one occasion, and I can now assure you
that members of our order hailed with
satisfaction and delight that the city of
San Jose was to entertain the Native
Sons of the Golden West on this forty
eighth anniversary of the admission of
California into the Union as a State. We
fully realize and appreciate the great la
bor necessary to be done In order to re
ceive so many visitors. The committees
having in charge the conduct and man
agement of this great affair are to be
congratulated upon the able and satisfac
tory manner in which they have dis
charged their trust. Let it be said to the
credit of the beautiful city of San Jose
that there has not been left anything un
done to make this a memorable day in the
history of the order.
We are pleased with our reception and
entertainment, and when wo shall go to
our homes when the festivities are ended
each and every one of us can truthfully
Bay that our time has been well and profit
ably spent.
It is now nearly a quarter of a century
since that gallant band of young men in
San Francisco, inspired by patriotism and
the loftiest purposes, conceived the idea
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1898.
of bringing all the young men in this
State, natives of California, into one
grand fraternity based upon the cardinal
principles of friendship, loyalty and char
ity. The result of this idea is now a mat
ter of history. The order of the Native
sons of the Golden West has advanced
step by step until Its membership now
leaches 10.000—10,000 young men In every
walk of life; united for mutual benefit,
for social, moral and Intellectual improve
ment; united to perpetuate the memories
of that noble band of pioneers who left
their homes and founded this great com
monwealth, our beloved California; unit
ed in allegiance to this glorious Govern
ment and its splendid institutions; united
in love and devotion to that grand flag
which in the past has sailed into every
foreign port as the one great emblem of
liberty; and was borne amid triumph and
exultation to every quarter of what now
composes this great nation, and which in
time of battle has often converted Im
pending disaster and defeat into the most
glorious victories, and which now floats
over the walls of Santiago on the east
and Manila on the west, defeating cruelty
and oppression in this age of enlighten
ment.
My friends, we have every reason to re
joice tor the wonderful progress the or
der has made. We look upon its progress
with mingled pride and satisfaction, and
we look forward to its future with un
bounded faith and confidence. It protects
young men of this State and stimulates
industry and ambition. It has relieved
the sick and distressed and comforted tho
sad and afflicted. Finally, it has been
one of the great mean? of destroying all
class distinctions. Its sole standard for
the measurement of man is his acts and
his conduct, not his birth and surround
ings.
In short, the order of the Native Sons
of the Golden West stands to-day where
it has always stood— for everything that
has a tendency to elevate and ennoble
young men of this State.
In conclusion, I again desire to thank
you on behalf of the Native Sons of the
Golden West for the generous reception
that has been accorded us.
The Fifth Regiment band played the
selection "49."
Grand Marshal W. A. Gaston intro
duced Grand Orator F. L. Coombs, who
delivered the following oration:
It affords me pleasure to address tho
people of the Garden City upon a theme
which in itself is calculated to inspire
them with a greater appreciation of thoir
own surroundings. California is a garden
spot, and like tho capitals of the Ea.= ;.
whose ancient walls wore hung with
tropical plants, so it is with California,
from whore the ocean plays its solemn
dirgo upon the rocky shore to where sil
ver-starred Nevada draws her western
line upon the snow: she is adorned with
creeping vines, with fragrant rosos. with
lichens upon . hoary rocks, and mosses
upon running streams. That which might
be tho voiceless air is made musical with
the song of birds, tho ripple of brooks,
tho nodding of forest plumes, the rust
ling of scattered loaves, light as tho pass
ing year, tho mingling <">f mirth and dirge
in the sad epitome of dead and living na
ture. To call any spot a garden city is
to find an oasis in a garden of paradise.
For many years the people of this State
had an idea that the order of Native Sons
was formod for the purpose of levity and
merry-making among its members, but I
think it has outgrown the prejudices
founded on that misconception . for, as we
have met in different parts of the Stat^.
deliberating upon questions of public mo
ment advancing tho Interests of th.>
commonwealth, keeping alive the dearest
traditions and the fondest memories,
people have come to realize that the order
is ouilt upon patriotism, and is to-day
proselyting among the young men of this
State those principles and precepts cal
culated to inspire them with the simple
love of country.
On the 4th day of July, 1875. a num
ber of native Californlans marched in
the parade in San Francisco under the
banner that had stood for liberty since
the dawn of the republic. The winds that
ADMISSION DAY OBSERVED
BY THE BOYS AT MANILA
SAN JOSE, Sept. 9.— During the reception tendered
the visiting delegates to the local parlors at the Court
house this afternoon the following cablegram was read
and received with an outburst of applause :
" MANILA, Sept. 9.
"Native Sons, San Jose, CaL: Brothers celebrating
in Manila send greetings. COMMITTEE."
swept through the rocky hinges of the
Golden Gate played upon its many stars;
the spirit of patriotism triumphed over
the sordid concerns of life, and in keep
ing with the exalted purpose of the hour,
they organized the order of Native Sons
of the Golden West to more effectually
preserve the blessings of home and coun
try- That little band has increased to
10,000 in number, and from the rooky
heights o'erarching the murmuring sea to
the pyramids that rear their snowy walls
upon the East, they spread the fame of
the pioneer, and seek to preserve the
memories of the olden time and the
golden prime of California. All those who
Join the order become more imbued with
the love of country and the traditions as
sociated with its early life and history.
Its purpose is to make better men by
teaching the first duties of the citizen,
and in that so shaping the destiny of the
country that it may follow in the foot
prints of the fathers of the republic, with
their Justice, their humanity, their con
stitution and their laws. Such is the or
der of Native Sons of the Golden West.
It is founded on loyalty, and every other
thought, every other concern, every other
ambition sinks to rest before that mighty
impulse. Under that light it has fought
its past battles, and under that light it
seeks to be guided in the future.
About fifty years ago there lived In the
Middle, Southern and Eastern States a
class of young men fretting under the
iron hand of tyrant custom, eager to
i>reak the fetters that had held their
fathers and was fast binding them to a
routine of life which cramped the human
soul Many of tnem stood upon the shores
of the Atlantic looking out upon the
waste of sea: they saw the ships laden
with the commerce of a mighty ocean;
there was the old life upon the wave, the
old hope and the old ambition. They
turned their backs upon the sea to look
upon the west with its thousand dangers.
Yet there was about it the invisible, and
out of that inscrutable appeal to pene
trate the labyrinths of the unknown, they
bade home and friends adieu for a newer
and a harder fate. Their wanderings have
been the theme of story and song; trial
and vicissitude were their familiars.
"O'er bog or steop, through strait, rough,
dense or rare, " they made or crept or
climoed their way. and by the force of
a courage which is alwayß the greater
part of genius, they were enabled at last
to stand upon the western slopes of the
Sier' s and to look out upon the illimit
able prospect of a golden world. Forests
fell as at the bidding of magic hands,
paths were made, difficulties brushed
aside, and like an irresistible force they
swept through mountain gorges and into
the beautiful valleys. Not with banner
and shield, not with helmet and plume,
like knights of old, but with their own
good hands building cities, cultivating
fields, the giants of a new progress and
a new civilization. They made it possible
to link California in the golden fate of
union. With that band came the heroes
who raised the bear flag, emblem of
fraternity, which heralded the dawn of a
new light over the ashes of a once im
perial power. From that time there be
gan the building of Anglo-Saxon institu
tions; life und government be
came inspired by their genius;
cities wore made permanent on
sands, railroads spanned the rivers
and girdled the mountains; churches and
school houses were built; and in a few
short years California became the empo
rium from which could bo drawn the gold
that filled the channels of trade, the fruit
and grain which paid commerce her great
est tribute: while above all shone a celes
tial light around men of letters, orators,
poets and statesmen. From the loins of
that race came the flinty sons of war, for
wherovT the American flag has been
planted there have been the sons of Cali
fornia to uphold it. Wherever the Olym
pia and Oregon have been fighting for a
new glory and a new power-, there have
been California boys, undaunted amid the
signals and tires of war. They have beon
heroes in one midnight battle, in the
charge before the trenches, under the
forts of Morro, and from the early gray of
morning till summer's dewy eve they have
been ' Steadfast under the fires that have
lighted tho world to a new humanity, and
the bonlghtod children of occidental and
oriental isles to a now liberty. Is It not
proper, then, that the Calif ornian should
take pride in his native land, and seek to
preserve the memory of its golden era
while yet he can, and while yet the last
symbol's of that old life are not brokon
and covered with the dust of the dead and
silent years?
The monuments of Egypt have outlived
the vanity of hor kings; they have seen
the dazzling light of that power which
erected thorn grow dim and flicker in the
grey mist of a far off time. Let us, then,
preserve the history of a noble people,
their exalted trials and sacrifices, for they
present examples greater than monuments
and -pyramids of ancient time. They tell
how a people should live and build, and by
the livt-s and the building of a people shall
a government endure. Yet while we seek
to keep .Uivc the glories of the past, let
us stop for a moment to reflect upon our
attitude to tho future. The past Is spread
before us and can be read like a Scroll; we
can see across tho bridge of tim<*; we can
measure its piers, its arches, and under
neath th" depths of the rushing waters.
Bef"re us is the future, the groat, the ur.
lYuhomable future. Yet one thinyr is clenr
to us, aye, as cloar as the llgrht that shines
on summer flowrs, it is tho now destiny
which must awakon the American people:
a destiny which will command all their
genius, their strength and their will.
They have already overstepped th,? tra
ditional bounds within which the great
fathers* sought to hem them. They have
roar-hod and are reaching out over illim
itable soas. bringing now peoples and n*-\v
lands under their control, and with thorn
now wealth,, now commerce, and the prio
ries of an almost distinct and separate
world. Tho "survival of the fittest" has
boon the law of progress since th? world
began. The American people have become
tho bearers of its lance and shiold; tribes
have fled through tho wilderness, scepters
have fallen and the banners of a new lib
erty have boon planted upon the walls of
can ties once dodicatod to oppression. Shall
wo stop and rest forever by the waters
that rush in and out and alow? by the
vestorn gate? Can we stop and slumber
by the changing tides as they near men in
and out, across the world and back agaiii?
And what Is this now destiny we have to
cope withal? It is the dostinv of war.
wh'rh perbaofl never before presented so
many propositions for adjustment, lnvoh-
Ing such a contrariety of social problems,
the destiny of so many distinct races, and
the fate of so many fruitful lands, sepa
rated as they are by so many leagues of
sea. While many of these questions can ,
be disposed of only according to the cir
cumstances which may surround them,
yet It is true that every result must be
carried out along the line of lofty senti
ment which inspired the war and has
characterized its conduct from the begin
ning until now. This spirit is so antagon
istic to some of the early traditions of our
country as to occupy, to them, an opposite
relation in the future, and a war of ex
termination will be waged between them.
If. to-day, this matter had resolved it
self into a political question, I would not
advert to it; but so far it stands out above
the unseemly conflict of parties, and it is
not only the right, but the duty of the
citizen to give free and public converse to
it. I claim my share of reverence and
veneration for the fathers of the constitu- ,
tton, the echo of whose voices still rings
through hall and upon battlefield. Yet the
dawning century is fraught with greater
moments, greater changes, greater revolu- 1
tions than those they could foresee. Man
could never have been endowed with wis- ,
dom which, from that standpoint, could
have enabled him to calculate that the
rushing tides of men would seek the ful
fillment of so many prophecies upon these
western confines. They could look into
the future far as human eye could see.
yet the visions of the world and all the
wonders that would be, were closed to
them and to the light under which they
moved and lived and saw.
From their time until now the nation has
never tagen a step save to ignore these
traditions until they have become veTier
abel wihtout being sacred. Every country
has had its traditions, sometimes loved
and sometimes feared, a memory, a super
stition, a prophecy, a Minerva, a dragon,
or a sibyl. Whatever it may be, "A speck,
a mist, a shape I wist," it throws its an
cient shadow over the concerns of a na
tion and over the problems of its life and j
existence. Can the American peo
ple be wise and temperate and can i
they be trusted without these oracles?
For a moment let us look upon the condi
tions of the world as they have changed
from the times of the fathers. The South
American and Central American repub
lics are boiling over with revolution.
Canada is growing, and in a few years
as a nation measures its life, it will be
come too great a possession, a province
or a colony. It will be an independent
republic, not wrenched with violent
hands from the mother country, but
peacefully and by force of the inevitable
events incident to the life of such a peo
ple and such a country. Instead of a,;
colony it will become an ally. Russia is
creeping gradually southward from Si
beria, waiting for the development of a
little speck in the eastern sky destined
to darken the whole of the ancient Chi
nese empire. Germany has an impatient
war lord probably fretting his life away
because he is unable to shape the des
tiny of the present war. Then there is
France, afraid of herself, haunted by the
memory* of the Commune, by the shadows
of both the royal and imperial crowns,
protecting tho honor of the army by the
sacrifice of judicial honor, yet great In
tellectually, financially and in arms; ex
tending her colonial policy, maybe
through ambition and maybe to avert
disasters at home. A kingdom, an em
pire, a republic, the sublimest spectacle
of a nation triumphing over ruin and
disaster that the world has ever seen.
Then Japan has risen like a shaft of
light, wonderfully radiant and brilliant,
an empire on an island too small for its
destiny. Then China, with her immense
wealth, her ancient traditions and poli
cies and "literature, gradually losing a
coastline that would make another coun
try as great as any In the world. Eng
land, with her hand upon every conti
nent. Spain, once the Rome of the mod
ern world, whence Iberian Caesars
waged offensive war in the Netherlands,
spread empire over North and South
America, shook with a fiance the throne 3
of the Tudor and Valois, now, alas, the
"Niobe of nations," stretching her wast
ed hands toward modern Rome. And
this is the epitome of national greatness
and national decline, and we are thrown
in the midst of it all. and soldiers are
firing guns, women are singing patriotic
songs and sending their boys to the war,
and venerable statesmen are "making
mouths at the invisible event" and pin
ning their faiths upon oracles and tra
ditions. Stop a moment to think of it
all.
We have largely to deal with natural
laws. As I have said, the rule of the sur
vival of the fittest has been the law of
progress since the world began. It is
thundering down the path of the ages.
What has it done for America? A few
million of>people fighting for very exist
ence along the shores of the Atlantic,
gradually pushing Into the great valleys
of the West, onward to the Pacific, ful
filling the poetic prophecy that "West
ward the course of empire takes its way."
We see tho nation engaged in civil war
and a divided country, then a foreign war
and with a united country. We see a
small navy, but the greatest in the world
in proportion to size; with skilled officers,
accurate gunners and brave crews it
conquers in the face of Spanish valor. We
see it in the shining Orient annihilating
a fleet in face of land batteries, without
the loss of a man. We see it in the West
Indies against the pride of the Spanish
navy, destroying it, making captives its
admiral, its officers and its crows, with
the loss of one man. We see the mighty
Oregon sail out of tho. harbor of San
Francisco, traversing more than half
the water line of the continent, arriving
upon the scene of war without a bolt
shaken or a screw loose, and plunging
into the thick of battle. We see our land
forces, untrained volunteers, fighting
their way against odds, against deadly
fire, against strong intrenchments; we
see whole columns go down, othc-rs take
their place, the lines close up, the "Star
spangled Banner" is sung, they reach the
top of tho hill, and the world echoes with
the praise of their valor. Isn't it hard to
tell so much courage, ho much genius and
so much patriotism that it is all to be
bounded by the traditions of long ago?
It is a difficult problem, for "the hand
that kindles cannot quench the flame."
It is burning all along those shores; It
is in the minds of men and the hearts of
women. It is a mighty impulse, never
looking backward.
"The moving finger writes; and having
writ
Moves on; nor all thy piety nor wit
Shall lure It back to cancel half a line,
Nor all thy tears wash out a word of it."
Mothers have given their sons for it,
wives their husbands, and sisters their
brothers. "Farewell" has been said, nor
can all their tears wash out a word of
it nor tradition lure it back to cancel half
a line. In truth it is young America, will-
Ing to go into the thick of battle, to cut
cables under the fire of Spanish batteries,
to block up harbors with sunken ships.
And does tradition ask these men. as if
they were hirelings, to give up all they
have conquered? Young America is
pressing hard against this slender thread
"tradition." Which is the stronger and
which will break? Then tradition tells us
not to meddle in the affairs of the "Far
East." As it is we have more commercial
interests In the East than any other na
tion. Shall we let some one else take
care of them for us? We are
the largest consumers of Eastern
products, while on the other ' hand
we supply them with but little. The
balance of trade is largely against us.
The more it is controlled by Europe the
more it will be against us. One Ameri
can city upon the Asiatic coast would
enable Americans to control in a great
measure the Asiatic output, whereas to
day Europeans are the middle men and
grow rich upon the commerce of the Pa
cific. Such a city would also open for us
an interior trade in Asia. The time is
approaching when this fact will become
more prominent in our commercial rela
tions. We have been the pioneers in the
East. We opened tne ports of Japan and
Korea. As a nation "we were the first
that ever burst into that silent sea." Yet
tradition and a few mo*re fetters have
kept us off and other nations have gone
on and we have so impressed them with
our traditional policy of an "ocean-bound
republic" that the least bit of assertion
on our part is regarued in the light of
presumption.
War has been a small matter compared
with the problems that grow out of it.
If we have been strong and wise in one,
let us not be weak in the other. If we
fought for humanity, it will not bless us
should we return the Philippines to Spain
for misgovernraent. Humanity has suf
fered too much under her; the most fruit
ful islands have been cursed with her;
people have been scourged by her, every
thing has been blasted that she has
touched; and
Where her frown of hatred darkly fell,
Hope withering fled and mercy sighed fare-
Well.
"What shall we do with the Philip
pines?" Spain cannot govern them;
anarchy must not destroy them; they
shall nol*-be handed over to other na
tions to be used against us. There is a
difference between lighting for conquest
and taking the fruits of war as the re
sult of victory. One is the strained effort
toward national expansion, "finding quar
rel in a straw"; the other is the natural
and logical result of events not to be
dreaded nor avoided. Whatever policy
progress may suggest should be ours, wo
should hold to that doctrine destined to
expand our commerce, and commercial
protection should carry to all Eastern
countries our influence, even though such
Influence should be protected by our flag.
If this means conquest, then let con
quest come; but It does not mean con
quest. It simply means that the destiny
of America has not been told by sibylline
prophecies nor handed down through nar
row traditions; but on the contran- it is
to be measured by the genius of the An
glo-Saxon wherever they may carry her
beautiful flag in consequence of the bur
dens as well as the opportunities yet to
come upon her.
There has been much of the idea that
the decay of races has been occasioned in
vaulting ambition o'erleaping itself; in
the idea that far-reaching policies have
so far detracted from the strength of the
home Government as to occasion its
downfall. Some attribute the fall of
Rome to these Influences: history fails to
bear this out. If a Government is strong
at home and preserves pure Its fountains
and springs of life, it will live through
the eternal years. It can win and lose ,
provinces and still be strong at home.
Roman decadence is but a name for Ro- :
man shame, never brought about by con- j
Continued on Fourth Page.
EIGHT HUNDRED
COUPLES TREAD
THE MAZY WALTZ
Annual Ball in the Pavilion the
Order's Most Successful
Function.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 9.— The grand an
nual ball of the Native Sons of the
Golden West was given to-night
in Agricultural Pavilion and was
attended by an immense crowd of
young peopl". The floor space is capa
ble of accommodating 800 couples, but
had it been twice as large it would not
have held all who were anxious to
"tread the mazy." The committee in
charge of the affair had spent much
time and labor in decorating the big
edifice and the rough rafters were com
pletely hidden by bunting and hanging
floral baskets, making the ballroom a
veritable fairy bower.
The ball itself was quite informal, as
regards dress, a fact that was duly ap
preciated by the males, but utterly
ignored by the ladies, who displayed
some magnificent toilets.
The Fifth Infantry band supplied the
music and promptly at 9 o'clock the
grand march began. It was led by R.
H. Liteman and .Mrs. E. Shale, the lat
ter robed in pale blue satin. Three
hundred couples were in line at that
early hour.
The programme of twenty dances was
not completed until a late hour, and
when the happy participants sought
their lodgings they voted it tho most
successful function ever given by the
order. The committees to which the
guests are indebted for this are as fol
lows:
Floor director— R. H. Leaman.
Floor committee— C. J. Belloli, Martin
Riehl, G. B. Riehl, W. L. Biebrach, F.
Koenig and D. M. Burnett.
Committee of arrangements — J. Delmas,
S. L. Worden. Ed Haley, J. W. Sullivan
and J. S. Williams.
Reception committee — S. P. Howes, E.
R. Bailey, W. J. Boschken, Miss Louise
Carto. Miss Tillie Brohaska, George B.
May, George Lowery, C. G. Fischer, Miss
Irene McLeod, Miss Agnes Martin, J. A.
Anthes, H. A. Pflster, Joseph E. Han
cock. Miss Rose Belloli and Miss Eva
Prindle.
Among the participants were noted
these ladies and gentlemen:
Grand Secretary and Mrs. Henry Lunstedt,
Mlsb Anna Kullak, Miss Georgle McKee, Mrs.
J. M. Murphy, Mr. and Mrs. H. Brazer, Mr.
a;.d Mrs. F. M. Stern, Mr. and Mrs. J. Bamber
ger of San Francisco, Mrs. and Miss Newbower
of San Francisco; Hermann Strauss of San
Francisco; Dr. and Mrs. W. A. Gast.in, Judge
and Mr?. W. J. Kirkpatrick, Otto Zeigler and
Margaret Tennant, Mr. and Mrs. Charles H.
Amidor, Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Alexander, Mr.
and Mrs. J. A. Anthes, Mr. and Mrs. Fred
Schumacher, B. A. Harrington, H. W. Me-
Comas, A. Suzzalo, Mr. and Mrs. H. M. N.
Spring, Mr. and Mrs. Harry F. Ausbro of San
Francisco. Mr. and Mrs. E. R. Bailey, Joe
Pelmas. Mr. and Mrs. T. A. Fassett, John
W. Sullivan, Miss Mary Sullivan. Mr. and
Mrs. W. S. Hamilton. Mr. and Mrs. A. L.
Veuve. J. S. Hancock, W. B. McCormlck. Miss
Cora O'Banion, Mr. and Mrs. W. L. Biebrach,
A. Pedemonte and Miss Jean Lavagrino, Miss
Linda Malspino of Angels Camp, F. H. Pohle
an.l Hiss Virginia Stack, Martin W. Riehl and
Miss Mabel Phillips of San Francisco, H. C.
Lewis. E. F. Distel, George Hill Jr., C. H. Lo
gan, Miss Nancy M^Laughlin, Mrs. J. Hooper,
Mrs. Margaret Walsh, Lew Aron of San Fran
cisco, I. L. Koppel, Mrs. Steevers, Mr. and
Mrs. Ed Haley, Mr. and Mrs. Theo Lenzen,
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Sloss. Miss Reda
Sloss, Mr. and Mrs. I. I. Jamison, Bert Laws
of San Francisco. Mr. and Mrs. John Williamg,
Mr and Mrs. Sam Martin, Mr. and Mrs. Hugh
M<l. Porter. Miss Annip Hinds. V. A. Schellcr.
Mr. and Mrs. Oeorge Hess, Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Cobb. Mr. and Mrs. John McAdams of San
Francisco, Geo. A. Ruple of Denver, Sheridan
Gates of San Francisco, Miss Anna Spellman of
San Francisco. E. Levy, Miss Stella Newberg,
Miss Pauline Wise, Miss Clara M. Levy, Emma
S. Levy, Miss Annie Bernhardt. Miss Sohoeder.
Miss Freda Lachman, Miss Tipche, Mrs. Ell
more of San Francisco. B. Frankenburg, Roy
Walters, Sam Howes, Emlle Lion, Ernest Lion,
Misses Aggie and Annie Nangle, John Nangle,
Mr. and Mrs. L. Dossee, Rollln Hill, Nettie
Dolmas, A. Stophenson, Josle McCabe, Henry
Humburg, B. Clark. Ada Swenson, Clem Bel
loli. Hadley Wright, Miss Nellie Burg, Miss
Maybird, Miss L. Butler, Mr. and Mrs. C. E.
Graebe, Rosalio Belloli, B. A. Herrlngton. W.
H. Carmlchael, George Reihl, Mr. and Mrs.
J. Hand, Mr. and Mrs. Houser, Miss Sllva, Mr.
and Mrs. M. White of San Francisco. S. J.
Blumcnthal of San Francisco; J. Hobro of San
Francisco, James V. Dorkery. A. V. Rogers,
Joseph Lawrence, Miss ftellle Woods, Miss Ro
salio Campiglla, Miss Manley, Miss Julia
Mrs. J. Craig.
EVENING OF GAYETY
IN HOTEL VENDOME
Oakland and Stanford Parlors and
Their Friends Participate
in a Dance.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 9.— One of the swell
est functions of the Admission day cel
ebration is the ball to-night at the
Vendome, given jointly by Stanford
and Oakland parlors. These parlors, In
accordance with a custom long ago es
tablished, marched together in proces
sion to-day. To their dancing festivi
ties this evening, the elite of Santa
Clara County was invited. The officers
of the Grand Parlor and many other
noted guests participated. Blanch
ard's orchestra discoursed sweet music
In honor of the event the wooded
grounds of the hotel were aglow with
Japanese lanterns. The effects were
heightened by frequent flashes and pro
longed blazes of red fire. The dancing
hall of the resort was handsomelydeco
rated for the occasion. At a few min
utes before 10 o'clock the grand march,
ied by A. A. Borlini, was announced.
The ball was directed by the following
committees:
Reception committee— H. S. Martin. "W.
A. Deane. D. C. Martin. E. L. Head, W.
H. Gentry, R. M. Clement, H. N. Gard,
C. A. Bon.
Floor managers— Phil H. Remillard,
John McCarthy.
Floor committee — D. A. Curtin, L. Q.
Haven, A. F. Schleicher, P. J. Weniger,
34
J. J. Allen, O. F. Begiling, R. M. Fitz
gerald, J. E. McElroy.
Committe of arrajigements —W. H.
Gentry. H. D. Cunning. J. E. McElroy,
R. M. Clement. K. N. Gard, Joseph Green
berg, W. A. Dttane, J- J. Lerman, A. F.
Schleicher.
Among: the g'lests attending are:
George C. Pardee and wife, C. A. Bon
and wife J eon Thomas and wife, W. H.
Gentry and wife, H. D. dishing. J. E.
McElroy. H. P. DaJton, Frank Dalton, H.
N Gard. R. M. C tement R. M. Fitzger
ald, \V. B. Stand«tford, 11. Y. Williams,
H. Bocck, E. P. Cook, L. C. Burnham,
Everett "Williams, W. H. Rabe, H. Ellin,
J. Cal. Ewing. J. Pe<lrini, J. J. Allen, S.
P. Hall and wife. Phil Remillard. W. N.
Pearce and wife. P. C. Cllft and wife,
Percy Hazelton. Miss Cassie Welsh, Miss
Marie NealOn, Mrs. O. D. Hamlin, James
D. Phelan, C. H. Garoutte, Mr. and Mr 3.
J. J. Lermen, Mr. and Mrs. E. Kalsen.
W. C. Van Fleet, Mr. and Mrs. J. J.. Mc-
Carthy. Miss L. M. Simpson. Mlfs Agnes
J Connolly. Miss Emma Fersal, Hon. and
Mrs. A. J. Johnston, Hon. Walter H.
Levj-. Hon. and Mrs. C. T. Contan, Hon.
and Mrs. A. C. Freese, H. G. Martin, Hon.
and Mrs. E. L. Head, William A. . Deane.
A. F. Schleicher. Joseph Grceneberg, Mr.
and Mrs. 'T. J. Schuyler, D. C. Martin,
Jumps P. Sweeney, Dr. and Mrs. W. H.
Siebert. Hon. E. A. Belcher. Mr. and Mrs.
D. A. Curtin. F. H. Kerrigan, W. H. Al
ford Mr. and Mrs. A. 11. Lellner, L. B.
Smith, Miss Connolly Gallford Stoney.
Miss Volkman, Mr..and, Mrs. E. A. Leigh.
Judge J. B. Barry, Miss Bert Maher. Miss
Maggie Smith, C. F. Curry, Mr. and Mrs.
A. C. Trautvetter. Mr. and Mrs. George
H. (JralK.m. J. uv.es B. O'Donnell, W. L.
Whelan. Mrs. M. A. Elliott, L. Q. Haven,
J. D. Coffey, Fred W. Lees and wife,
Frank M. Coombs, Miss Nancy McLaugh
lin. Miw J. H. Hill, Mrs. M. W. Walsh,
L. Aron, George HiU, C. H. Logan.
ADMISSION DAY AT
THE STATE EXPOSITION
Increased Attendance at Night in the
Big Pavilion at the
Fair.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 9.— Admission
day was quite generally observed in
Sacramento and seemed to have found
expression in an increased attendance
at the pavilion to-night. For gome un
accountable reason Sacramentans ap
pear to prefer to wait until the second
veek of the fair before turning out in
anything like considerable numbers,
although of all years there is less rea
son this year owing to the completeness
of the display as a whole for such a
disinclination to patronize the fair.
The Agricultural Society has caught
the popular fancy with Its vaudeville
performers and people never tire in
their attention to these features of the
fair. The music, which by the way is
furnished entirely by local musicians
under the leadership of Bandmaster C.
A. Xeale, is of splendid quality, and the
promenade is rendered delightful by
such charming accompaniment.
All of the exhibits come in for their
share of attention, that of the dairy
Interests, in charge of Professor Pear
son of the State University, being of
special interest to fair visitors. The
design of this display is to teach dairy
men, by example, how they should
make butter and cheese to compete
with the best products of the world.
Tho Agricultural Society believes that
much practical science in derived by
dairymen through the exhibit.
JUBILEE CELEBRATION
AT PLACERVILLE
Fiftieth Anniversary of the Discov
ery of Gold in El Dorado
County.
PLACERVILLE, Sept. 9.— Admission
day's observances here constituted the
second of a three-day celebration of the
fiftieth anniversary of the discovery of
gold in El Dorado County. The town
is thronged with visitors from Placer,
Amador, Sacramento and San Joaquln
counties.
Sacramento Parlor, Native Sons of
the Oolden West, and all the parlors of
the Native Sons and Daughters of
Amador County, with their respective
brass bands, joined with various orders
of El Dorado to make the procession
the longest witnessed here by the pres
ent P'-neration.
Musical and literary exercises were
conducted on the plaza, where District
Attorney Prentiss Carpenter officiated
as president of the day and Judge R.
C. Ruat of Amador as orator.
The outdoor festivities were contin
ued to-night.
SAUSALITO CELEBRATES .
Day of Pleasure In the Pretty Town
Across the Bay.
SAUSALITO, Sept. 9.— There may
have been others, but this town held a
celebration in honor of Admission Day
that will long linger in the memory of
the participants. There was a parade
of over 1000 persons a clam bake, liter
ary exercises and a grand ball in the
evening. Every business house along
the line of march was garbed in holi
day attire.
The parade, which started from Na
tive Sons' Hall In ojd Sausalito. was
headed by Grand Marshal W. Milton
and his aids. In order came a brass
band, the Fort Baker volunteers under
Second Lieutenant George B. Hewey,
the Native Sons, the two local orders of
Foresters, and citizens in carriages, on
horses and afoot. Several attractive
floats added to the general effect. The
parade ended at the exposition ground 3,
where the visitors and citizens listened
to eloquent orations by Attorney Hugh
Mclsaacs and W. C. Mahoney, presi
dent of the local order of Native Sons,
songs by J. J. Rafael of the Tivoli The
ater and overtures by the band.
In the evening there was a ball at
the exposition grounds, which were
gayly decorated with bunting and Jap
anese lanterns. William Hannan acted
as floor manager. Dancing continued
until a late hour.
Charter Oak TracH; Becord Falls.
HARTFORD, Conn,, Sept. 9.— The event
of greatest interest in the Charter Oak
Park race meeting to-day was the at
tempt of Star Pointer to lower the track
record of 2:033 i, which was successful.
the mile being made in 2:00^. The quar
ters were :30>4, 1:01, 1:31^ ."* Results:
2:OS pace, puree $1500 — Quadriga won fourth,
sixth and seventh heats. Tim*. 2:OS3i, 2:IO 1 4,
2:10^. Nlcol B won third and fifth h.-uts.
Time. 2:09 H. 2:05%. Giles Noyes won first and
second heats. Time, 2:08^4, 2:07 H. Courier
Journal, Charlie B and Bright Light also
started.
Handicap, purse $1000— Helen R won first,
second and fourth heats. Time, 2:15?4. 2:ls'^,
2:171%. Monopole won third heat in 2:22V5. Spe
cial Boy third. Hal C and Emma M also
started.
2:13 trot, purse $1500— Blngren won first, fourth
and fifth heats. Time, 2:o9><i. 2:10>». 2:W&. Cut
Glass won second and third heats. Time,
.2:11%. 2:12 H. Fred Kohl third. General, Al
rtch, Larabie, The Great, D L C and Doctc
also started.
2:19 trot, purse $1500— Imp. Providence won in
straight heats. Time, 2:13V4. 2:14%. 2:13 1 4.
Charity second, Alert third. Confessor, Ouenn,
My Ledy, Parnell and Ellert also started.
AN OUTING AT GLEN PABK.
St. Paul's Sunday-School Childre;
Spend a Day on the Zoo Site.
The children of St. Paul's Catholic par
ish, accompanied by their parents, had a
most enjoyable outing yesterday at Glen
Park, the site of the proposed Mission
zoo. There was also another picnic un
der the auspices of the Mission Park As
sociation, and in addition there "was a
large crowd of other visitors, all of whom
ppc-m the day most pleasantly.
The formal opening of Morro Castle was
one of the great events to the Sunday
school children who thronged the play
grounds. The children's parade was led
by a grand marshal, conspicuous for his
small size. He proudly wore an Immense
star as his emblem of authority, and was
mounted on a Shetland pony. The pro
cession consisted of a band and a long
line of wagons, gayly decorated and filled
with happy children, waving flags and
cheering. Upon reaching Morro Castle
they enthusiastically saluted the Stars
and Stripes which floated over the his
toric structure in place of tho colors of
Spain. The demonstration was certainly
an evidence of genuine patriotism.
The children, us well ns the older peo
ple, were very much interested In the elk.
the seal, the cranes, the ducks and the
birds that are kept in the park. The
swings, the see-saws, spring-boards, fly-
Ing Dutchman and other amusements
kept the children in continual enjoyment.
They had their lunch In an attractive pa
villnn, which had been arranged for them
by the Mission Park and Zoo people.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, Ih9B.
LOCAL PARLORS
EXTEND GREETING
TO THEIR GUESTS
Continued from Third Page.
quest, but because the canker was eating
at the heart 1 and undermining the consti
tution, even where the imperial city' had
, at an t! s l ni i ed through so many centu
ries The Athenian state was undermined
by demagogues working on the sensibili
ties , of a highly intellectual .people and
! rendering unstable the very principles
I *nicn should have Insured it immortality.
mere are many reasons why expansion,
(so called) has been a failure. You can
not conquer and leave a country to itself,
lne retention, government and complete
conquest of a country involves the con
trol on the part of one with the acqui
escence of the other. The change of hab
its, customs, moral Influences, in fact the
merging of the weaker into the stronger,
with a preservation on-thenart of the
stronger of every characteristic of Itself.
lake the British.provinces and they are
English to the core, the men* marry Eng
lish women, teach their children English"
customs land perforce English civilization"
chokes out everything not kindred 'to it.
IMb kind of conquest is complete, and to
be permanent It must be so. -■ When as a
result of enforced associations and the
mixture of human blood, the national
character' suffers, the tenor of thought
drifts into other channels, the bond of
sympathy between the province and the
mother country is snapped, and the loss
of one to the other, is Irrevocable.
One generation changes the breadth and
scope of life; fifty yearn creates a new so
cc ' al order, and upon this must depend
the character and stability of govern
ment. The avoidance of this depends
upon the character of. colonization Ft*
haps the most perfect lesson in this was
adored by the government under the Ro
man Emperors; and, as Gibbons says,
bo sensible were the Romans of the in
fluence of language over national manners
that It was their most serious care to ex
tend with tho progress of their arms the
use of the Latin tongue." It is the Amer
ican, with his family, wife and children,
with the schoolhouse and the English lan
guage which will Americanize the colo
nies and preserve the glory of Anglo-
Saxon Institutions beyond the territorial
boundaries of this country. There can
never be two languages . and one civ
ilization. Brothers, there never was
a time when -..the.'; American could
stand and point to , so many les
sons of such grave import written upon
the folds of his flag. Think to-day of our
comrades and companions under the light"
of that fiercer sun. looking upon it think
ing of this, day. this hour and this occa
sion, whose voices go out in prayer for
home and friends and ' country. . , Let mo
breathe a prayer for them in the name of
this order— "God bless and protect them
wherever: they may be." ■In paying a
tribute to our flag I 1 desire to relate to
you an experience of imy own in a for
eign-land—an experience which - I . shall
never forget, the memory of -which will
always, move me so long as I shall live
to cherish the Idols of my country. It was
on the 22d of February, ,1892— the com
memoration of the birth of Washington.
I was standing on the deck of the Ameri
can flagship in the harbor of Hongkong.
At the 1 hour of 12 she fired a f signal gun
when from the brazen throats of the can
non upon . every -warship in that harbor
came the answer In thunder, uflfll: each
had -fired twenty-one guns, the .-.: tribute
due the head of this nation. ■"; These, all"
these, were in honor of the dead patriot,
the father of his country. Then I saw
running up on - the mast of every war-,
shipinthat harbor the Stars and Stripes',
until the colors mingled with the colors
of all nations, and played side by side
with them in the winds that swept the
Oriental seas. .
And there, by the side of the Russian
emblem, the tri-color— the dragon and the
rising sun .of the Orient, , beside the : ban
ners of the six great powers that parade
their strength and glory upon every sea;
aye, beside ■ all the royal and imperial
banners shone the stars of the republic
and upon those distant seas the thought
came to me that when air these, like the
iron hand and the brazen shield, should
survive only as the dead emblems of past
glories and examples, that our banner
would still wave over these and other
seas, the ensign of liberty, humanity and
law. It has been said that there is noth
ing so Inspiring In a foreign land r as the
flag of ; one's country, and I can attest
to this, for it is when severed from ties
and home that the chords of the human
heart are more responsive ' to the touch
of the vanished hand and the sound of
the voice that is still. = Go to far-famed
Athens, where the figures on her broken
columns still ; look and long for the silent
past. ■ Go 'to the Eternal City, along the
Appian Way, still echoing to the tread of
victorious armies. Go visit the thousand
scenes around which ancient memories
cluster and throng, where gods - have
fallen, religions and philosophies perished
where coats of mall , and chiseled I marble
speak of the arts and wars of long ago
Yet more inspiring than all of these in a
foreign land ;is the flag of your country
with its resplendent stars shining . down
upon you wherever you may roam. It will
take you back ■;. from gorgeous palaces
from ancient capitals, from ruined splen
dors" and faded ; glories, - away : from ' the
echoing murmurs of the -restless tides
that " have ' passed out ) of the : gates of an
ancient world, ;to . the land where, by the
lofty i mountains and murmuring streams
liberty i builds her temples and worships'
her. God.' • No place like the land or your
birth, with the thousand , ; images that
forever- dwell: in' memory, making life sa
cred, • its ; aspirations • exalted, . its purposes
manly. And i here let us abide and here
fill ; the lot of man, ; holding the '-'- golden
chain ' that • links ■ the . past and > the future
mocking time in the presentation". of the
old glories, and Indulging > what there iis
of hope s and • '■* ambition .in the future
achievements -of this republic. -
Berlin has a service of dinner carts
which call at the homes of the working
men and the factories.
REDS BEAT ORPHANS;
GIANTS FALL TO BOSTON
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. 1,. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Boston 78 42 .6M) [Philadelphia 58 58 .bOO
Cincinnati ..79 45 .637 PlttsburK ■■•«! 62 .496
Baltimore .."2 44 .621 Lrf.ulsvllle ..52' 72 .119
Cleveland ...70 f.O .553 i Brooklyn ....45 69 .395
Chlcoßo 67 55 .549 i Washington 40 SO .333
New York ..65 05 .542 > St. Louis ..33 S3 .373
CINCINNATI, Sept. 9.— The Reds
bunched hits in the second and fifth In
nings and secured enough runs to win.
Katoll, a youngster from the Atlantic
League, pitched the last thre'i family
for Chicago and did very well. Attend
ance 3935. Score:
Clubs— R. H. B.
Cincinnati 6 7 0
Chicago 4 7 8
Batteries— Hill and Peltz; Thornton. Katoll
and Donahue. Umpires— Swartwood and War
ner.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 9.— Wevhin?? hnd
poor control to-day, and when he got the
ball across the plate it was hit hard. The
game was called at the end oi the eighth
inning on account of darkneas. Attend
ance 400. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington , 5 9 1
Philadelphia 8 13 4
Butteries— Wcyhlng and McGuire; Orth and
McFarland. Umpires — Gaffney and Brown.
NEW YORK, Sept. 9. —The home team
won an interesting gime from the Balii
mores this afternoon on errors by K.it-
Bon and Demontreville and two singles.
Dunn, the home team's pitcher, did good
work in the seventh inning. Attendance
900. Score:
Clubs— R. jH. E.
Brooklyn 8 11 4
Baltimore 5 9 4
Uatterjes— Dunn and Grim; Kltson and Rob
inson. Umpires — Lynch and Andrews.
BOSTON, Sept. 9.— The New Yorks were
shut out to-day, Nichftls proving well
nigh invincible. The home team scored
thret; runs in the first inning, but it was a
pitchers' battle after that, Rusle being
tully as effective as Nichols. Attendance
2£>uO. Score:
Club»— R. H. E.
Boston 3 8 4
Now York 0 0 1
Batteries— Nichols and Bergen; Rusle and
"Warner. Umpires— Hunt and Connolly.
SWAM THE GOLDEN GATE.
G. Hefferdine Accomplishes the
Feat in 48 Minutes, Break
ing the Record.
The difficult feat of swimming across
the Golden Gate from Lime Point to Fort
Point was performed yesterday by George
Hefferdine, of the University of Califor
nia. He started at noon, striking out
toward the ocean at first, and then mak
ing an inward turn, so as to take ad
vantage of the incoming tide, he headed
for Fort Point, which he reached in Just
forty-eight minutes from the starting
place. He was accompanied across the
Golden Gate by two boats, one contain
ing four ladles and two men, one of
whom was the oarsman. The other boat
carried J. P. Dean and Gus Braacha.
Hefferdine swam between the two boats,
whose occupants kept close watch of him
and were ready to give immediate assist
ance if needed. The water was compara
tively calm, and the weather pleasant.
Hefferdine did not appear much exhaust
ed by his swim. There were but few
witnesses of the performance, -among
them being some of the men of Battery
E, Third Artillery, one of whom, Private
Putnam, assisted the swimmer from the
water. The artillerymen gave him three
rousing cheers. Hefferdine used the side
stroke.
The time in which he accomplished the
feat beats the record four minutes, it hav
ing been done in fifty-two minutes about
two years ago by one of the Australian
swimming family of Cavllls, who took the
reverse course from Fort Point to Lime
Point, swimming far into the bay before
heading fo<his destination. He was as
phyxiated in doing an under-water tank
act at Stockton a year ago. He was a
brother of Sid Cavlll, the Australian
swimmer, who is now in San Francisco.
Hefferdine is a well-built man about 30
years of age. His limbs are well pro
portioned and possesses great strength and
activity. He swims very easily and grace
fully.
a California girl writes about her
visit to the Pope in next Sunday's
Call.
NEW TO CHICAGO.
A night scene in Chicago painted by the
Tribune of that town:
"Drensed all in black, clutching a great
bunch of roses in each hand, and bending
low over the handlebars of his bicycle, a
figure wildly scorched down one of the
driveways of Lincoln Park on Thursday
night. A long, black pennant fluttered be
hind it.
" 'Did you see it?' yelled the park police
men to each otner. 'Did you see its tall? 1
"They had. Some of the policemen
grew pale and commenced swearing off
things.
"Policeman Bland sprinted across a
short cut to head off the black rider as he
rounded a curve. . 'Devil or man, -I com
mand you to stop,' shouted he, as he
caught the wheel and. stopped it.
The black rider was arrested. He was a
man in evening dress, and hurrying to a
wedding. He was fined. As evening
clothes become more commpn in Chicago
the present fear of them there will die
away.— New York Sun.
» '■ ■
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QTJEENSTOWN— SaiIed Sept fr— Stmr Candia,
for Boston.
SOI'THAMPTON— SaiIed Sept 9— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, for New York.
LONDON— Sailed Sept 9— Stmr Victoria, for
New York.
MOVILLE— SaiIed Sept 9— Stmr Furnessla,
for Nfw York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept »— Stmr Cam
pania, from Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 9— Stmr Lueanla,
from New York.
THREE FAVORITES
CAPTURE PURSES
Hollow Victories at the
State Fair.
TOGGLES FIRST IN A JOG
EASY WINNER IN THE 2:10
CLASS TBOT.
Much Better, a 2 to 5 Favorite,
Beaten by Bex Alto in the 2:12
Pace — Diawood Takes
the 2:17 Class Dash.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 9.-The attend
ance is still on the increase", and it dem
onstrates that most persons like to come
late to see any kind of a show.
Five races were cardod to-day— three
trotting and two pacing— and, odd to re
late, favorites won all the trotting events
and second choices the pacing contests.
Three of the victories were as hollow
as Mammoth Cave, and two were just
close enough to make the heart beat a
little quicker than it does when a horso
is leading by a long block and his driver
has an armful of wraps. It was expected
that Toggles would toggle around in
2:09 1 / 2 or thereabout, but he did not come
close to that mark. In fact, no real fast
timo was made.
A. B. Spreckels was presiding Judge,
and his associates were M. F. Tarpey and
Joseph Terry, while J. W. Wilson acted
as starter.
The 2:10 class trot, mile and repeat,
brought to the score Toggles, Monterey,
Zombro and Galette. On the fifth score
they got away on good terms, but Monte
rey was galloping, and kept this up until
he had gone a furlong, when he settled
down into a walk. Toggles led past tfce
quarter by four lengths, Zombto second.
Then Monterey trotted up like a record
breaker until at the half but little more
than a length separated him from Tog
gles. When looking to have an excellent
chance on the last turn, Monterey went
to a break, and Toggles jogged in first by
ten lengths. Monterey was a handy sec
ond and Zombro (who broke when about
a furlong from home; third. Time, 2:13;
last half in 1:05%.
The second heat was almost an exact
repetition of the first, Monterey breaking
on the first turn and lo.singtwenty lengths
or more, and breaking again In the home
stretch. Toggles went right along stead
ily and won Dy a dozen lengths with ease,
Monterey second two lengths before Zom
bro, who beat Galette as far. Time, 2:12;
last half in 1:05.
Ten 2:4o ? class trotters next occupied at
tention arid bulled the excitement market,
for Harry Marvin's bike was broken in
one of the scores. Driver Carrillo was
thrown out, and the big brown gelding
went on galloping and trotting by turns
until he had twice made the circuit of the
course. The ludicrous attempt of the mar
shal to catch Marvin only spurred the
horse on to beat out the official's plug,
which feat he accomplished with ease,
dragging a portion of the broken sulky.
Rigged aa he was, the chances are Mar
vin could beat any horse in the land simi
larly fixed.
Finally, after several scores, Joe Selby
went into the lead and held it clear
around until half way down the home
stretch, when Mamie Riley, the 3 to 5
favorite, got up and in a mild drive won
by a good length from Phoebe Childers,
who beat Joe Selby about six lengths.
Sf-lby was a far-away fourth. Time,
2:ISH.
The 2:16 class next went a dash of a
mile. Prince Gift was a 3 to 5 favorite
nwl justified the confidence reposed in
him by making every pole a winning one
and finishing an eaay first by three
lengths; Lou A. Game second, a- block in
front of Silver Ring, who was second for
five furlongs and broke nearing the final
turn. Time. 2:lf>%; first half in 1:06.
Much Better was a 2 to 5 favorite in the
mile dash for 2:12-class pacers, but a bad
bobble on the first turn put her out of
the hunt, and Rex Alto, a 2 to 1 shot,
making a bullseye on every target, won
with somehting left by four lengths.
Floracito was second, fifteen lengths be
fore the unfortunate favorite. Time,
2:mi.
The last race, a mile dash for 2:17-class
pacers, brought eight to the post. Rex
Alto being a 7 to 10 favorite, Diawood
second choice at 6 to 5, Dave Ryan, 20
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 9, 1898.— Fifth day of the State Fair races.
Weather fair; track fast.
A. B. BPRECKELS, Presiding Judge. J. W. WILSON, Starter.
f\ FIRST RACE— 2:IO class; mile and repeat.
... Toggles
... Monterey
... Zomhro
... Galette
1
2
3
4
1 4
3 3
2 5
4
1 1%
2 h
3 10
4
1 5
3 15
2 1
4
1 6
3 10
2 1
4
1 10
2 n
3 10
4
laric
Williams
3-5
1
8
8
2-5
6-5
19*
15
onley I
,bel» ......■■■
Time :34V4, l:07H. 1:38, 2:13. Poor Btart Won easily. Second and third driving.
Toggles was very steady. Monterey, who seemed to have the speed of the party, made
two disastrous breaks, one when he looked like winning. Zombro also would have been
closer but for a bobble In the homestretch. Galette never in it. Away on third score.
BECOND HEAT.
... Toggles
... Monterey
. . . Zombro
... Galette
1
3
2
4
1 4
4
2 T
3 5
1 6
3 3
2 1
4
1 5
2 8
3 4
4
1 8
2 3
3 1
4
1 12
2 2
8 2H
4
ms
2-5 2-5
6-5 6-5
10 12
20 50
Time. :34Vfe. 1:07. 1:38, 2:12. Good sta^t. Won easily. Second easily. Winner, Charles
E. Clark's br. g. by Strath way-Fly.
Toggles clearly outclassed his field. Monterey broke again on first turn and In home-
Btretch. Zombro could never get very close. Galette improved a lot.
| SECOND RACE— 3:4O class; trotting; mile dash.
(6) Mamie Riley I
0 Phoebe Chllders
5 Joe Selby
7 Selby
2 Bertha R
... Aggregate
6 Bronsallne
2
6
3
4 '
1 -
9
8 :
6 .
7
» 1 .2h 2%\< 11 11
4% • 4Mi 41 ■ :-S 2! 26
110 15 13. •< 2 Vi 3 10
8 1»4 <3 2 "•- 3 3 4 •■'i -. ■-.
630 • 0 6 - .7' - 6— " 6 •
8 8 6 '■;■■ 8 '8 6
815 710 , «12 7 7
6 H ■-. :B 30 ■ 640 ' 6 8 "
729;- 9 9 9"
mriee .......
>onathan ....
_i>k - - i
mith
Rodriguez ....
favey
1
3
10
2
6
6
2
5
8
3-5
4
10
5-2
10
10
4
4
10
lunch
-afferty
iarnsey
itbertson
... Neereta
... Homeway
Time, :34%, 1:09, 1:43^. 2:18^. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner W G
Durfee's b. m. by McKinney, dam by Del Sur.
Mamie Riley was the best and game us a pebble. Phoebe Childers finished up strong
Joe Selby had his usual speed and carried it further than usual. Selby's race not up to
former ones.
|Q THIRD RACE— 2:I6 class; trotting; mile dash.
(3)
S
"i
cc Gift ........ ....]
■r Ring ............
Jack .:
ive .......: ....!
i
3
4
2
6
1 1
4 40
2 10
5 1
5
1 4
3 4
2 3
4 40
5
1 10
2 1
4 ;<fl
3 4
5
1 5
2 10
3 3
4 15
5
1 3
2 10
3 20
4 1
5
han
3-5 ;
2
3
' 4 ''
. 5 .
1-5
■3
10
■• S
. 12
jns
an
nald ...
Time, :33, 1:04, 1:39, 2:16%. Good start. "Won easily. Second and third easily win
ncr, J. B. Iverson's br. g. by Good Gift-Belle. Away on seventh score.
Prince Gift much the best. Lou closed up a lot of ground In last half Sliver Rinir
prominent for over five furlongs, when she broke. Our Jack's race not up to the mark
Mojave broke badly on first turn. . v " c marK -
|O FOURTH RACE— 2:I4 pace; mile dash; purse, $200.
9
9
(»)
9
9
Alto
iclta
i Better
c Thorn
hwood
1
2
5
3
4
1 1
3 6
r 5 - ■•• •
• -»«-:
-••■ 4 1. ■
13
26
H4 6'-;:-
5 > ■
3 V 4
11 12
24 2 4
4 15 3 2
8 2 4 20
5 5
14
■ 2 16 ;
- 3 3 .>
..4 5 I
i 5 :
an ....
r
2
20
2-5
6
3
2
20
1-3
20
5
ton ....
Time, :33H, VM, 1:38, 2:12%. Good start. Won easily. Second easily. Third driving
Winner, W. S. Maben's b. h. by Alto Rex by Echo. y nlra arlvln S-
Rex Alto had a little left at the finish. Floracito Improving. Much Better's brenk M 8(
her twenty lengths or more. Others not in it. v - obl
\A FIFTH RACE— 2:I7 pace, mile dash; purse, $300.
6 :
c :
5 !
6 i
13 :
8 <
5 J
wood
,-c Ryan
y Baker
:way
tatress
; Alto ...
I Topsail
nyon
4
1 v'
3
8 -',
G. ■- .
■««-,.,
I 7i ■■■•
LI _
1 2
5 3
4 4
7 3
3 4
8
6 1
2 1
"1 Jr. 14 :vl 4-VJai
63 55 '-■; 41' 2 U
32: ••. 34 ■ 31 r .•'•34
>'•' 53 ..4 1, ■-5 5-{yi:4 2^:
:;2 2 '.?•• 2 2 • . "8 H " '6" '
vS -'. »8 ■; ;.i8 : -,'r 6 -- ;
•7 30 j:7lo>' "7 1 ' 1 - '-" ':
,-y 4 I> ■.:■•■■ 6 8 ■■"■ -'6 2' ' 8 •■••-
Ties
Ivan
rer
nzy
athan
th
3-2 4-5
10 20
6 13
8 13
8 6
1-2 4-5
10 20
10 15
Time, :3JH. l:0«, 1:35%. !
ncr, O. J. Holmes' eh. h. b<
Dlawood outclassed his
three furlongs. Baker ratei
Good start.'.Won easily. :. Second and third driving. Win-
lo byJWoodnut. -= Away on fifth score w - ':•*/' <"-"'':
Da i^f R an made U P a dozen : lengths' or more In the last
Dlctatress stopped. ' Nutway did fairly well. ■ r
Ik
rated well.
to 1 and Billy Baker 7 to 1. To a fair
start, Diawood soon went out and took a
decided lead, and, never headed, won witn
ease by three lengths. Dave Ryan, who
came from the clouds, and no wonder, for
he was flogged with a log chain, was sec
ond, Just lasting out to beat the fast com
ing Billy Baker a half length. Time,
2:14*. . ; -_ _ .__.
STATE FAIR ENTBIES.
Four Horses to Start in the Capital
City Handicap.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 9.— Following is
the programme offered for to-morrow,
a most attractive one:
First race, selling, sir furlongs:
1 O'Fleta 107 5 Losete 104
11 Lost Girl 107 ... Oficulatlon 113
(3) Sport McAlltsterin ... Amasa 101
... Himera 9S 9 Major Cook 110
... Sea Spray 107 1 Mollle A IC4
... Homestake 104
Second race, six furlongs, California Annual
stakes: t
...Obsidian 118 10 Faversham 103
... Rainier 113 (7) Jennie Reid 110
10 |Alcatraz 10$
Third race, Capitol City handicap, mile and
an eighth:
5 Marplot 1001 ... BucUwa 116
UDScarborough ...lOSI ... Grady 104
Fourth race, selling, five and a halt furlongs:
... Ventano US 10 Cleodora 97
2 Magdalenes 110 7 The Miller 100
... Gold Fin 107 ... Leo Vertner 107
Fifth race, seven and a half furlongs, sell-
Ing:
12 Moringa 110! 12 Ockturuck 114
11 Stoic 1001 ...Roulette Wheel. H*2
Sixth race, handicap, one mile:
(12) Harry Thoburn.ll3l ... Lnmo 92
... Rey del Tlerra-.UOI 9 Nonchalance — 100
Among the visitors at the fair grounds
to-day were W. S. HoDart, H. J. Crocker
and Garnet Ferguson. The latter had
just arrived from Anaconda, Mont., ana
his four horses. Maud Ferguson. Sweet
cakes, Sam McKeever and Distinction,
will get In to-morrow. Maud Ferguson
was the best two-year-old llHy in Mon
tana. Sweetcakes was fired and did not
face the barrier. Sam McKeever started
three times and wn? In the money every
time. Distinction won threer races and
was not outside the money. Young Mr.
Ferguson, therefore, had great success
In the training line. He has a few colts
ouartered at Oa-kland tra«:k. and wjll
take them up soon. Maud Ferguson will
be rested for a few months. The youth
ful trainer says Lucky btar was tha most
Improved horse he ever saw, and ho be
lieves the son of Friar Tuck could run
six furlongs In lfL2Mt over the Oakland
track. ______________
RESULTS OF THE
EASTERN RACES
CINCINNATI, Sept. 9.— Weather fine;
track fact. Summaries:
First race, mile and fifty yards:
Fresco 105 (J. Matthews), 3 to 1 1
Albert Vale. 105 (Brltton), 3 to 1 and 6 to 5.. 2
Ollean 102 (Southard), 20 to 1 3
Time, 1-.45 M..
Dudley E, Rotha, Kathie May, Caius, Ben
O'Fallon, Ideal Beau, Graham Montrose. Otto
H, Gage, Haco and Jaequeß also ran.
Second race, five furlongs:
Souchon, 107 (Thompson), 8 to 5 1
Donald Bain, 105 (J. Matthews), 7 to 6 and 1
to 2 2
Gay Parlsienne, 110 (Turner), 3 to 1 3
Time. 1:02.
Pat Garrett. Chemisette. Ollie J, Motile Sel
lers and Bertha K. also ran.
Third race, one mile, selling:
George Krats, 97 (H. Williams), 13 to 5 1
Virgle O 91 (Dugan). 6 to 1 and 2 to 1 2
Kitty B, 109 (W. Dean), 3 to 5 S
Time, 1:41>4.
The Planet, Barbee. Harry Shannon and
Meggs also ran. \
Fourth race, five and a -half furlongs:
Flying Bird, 10T (J. Matthews), 5 to 2 1
Plccola 111 (Morrison), 4 to 5 and 2 to 5 2
Manana. 105 (Knight), 20 to 1 3
Time. l:0». !
May B« So, Manila, Frances Reed, Casca
rllla, Bannie and Hermloo also ran.
Fifth race, selling, six furlongs:
Necklace, 110 (Van Dusen). 5 to 1 1
Violet Parsons, 105 (W. Dean), 15 to 1 and
6 to 1 2
Maggie S, 107 3 to 1 3
Time, 1:14U-
Waldorf, Marloni, Annie B, Elsie Barnes,
Fanfaronde, Stockman, Cosmos, McFarland 11,
Garnet Ripple and Covlngton, Ky., also ran.
Sixth race, six furlongs:
Cyclone, 107 (Britton), E to 1 1
Eksrles 102 (Gleasnn), 6 to 1 and 2 to 1 2
Mound City, 105 (Olfmore), 2 to 1 3
Time. 1:15.
Cecil, Eleanor Holmes, John Boone, Motllde.
Dawn, Bill Powell and Lottie Mills also ran.
NEW YORK, Sept. 9.— An unusually large
crowd went to Brighton Beach race track to
day on the occasion of the special day's racing
held for the benefit of the widow of the late
Charles Victor Bass, ■' secretary of the Brighton
Beach Racing Association. Summaries:
First raoe, selling, live furlongs: ..y . '
St. Clalr, luS (Maher), 2 to 1.... ..........••.;.. 1
Satin Clipper; 103 (Turner), 2 -to 1 and 4to a., i
Diminutive, 99 (Clawson), 5 to 1 «
Time I*o2 ■ [
' Belßr'avia,- Mark Miles, Beckon, Clay, Trap,
Rose May, Easter Card. Spurs, Campus, Chiv
alrous and Our Annie also ran.
Second race, selling, mile and a sixteenth:
Mlllstream, U7 (Clawson), B to 1............. 1
The Winner, 103 (Spencer;, o to 1 and 8 to 5.. 2
Continental, 106 (Barrett). 4 to 1 •■• i
Merry Prince. Miss Tenny, Longacre and
Oxnard also ran. '
Third race, five and a half furlongs: . /■.-■'. -'',
Alpen, 112 (Maher), « to 5 • ■ •■• •• ••••••• *
Leando, luS (Spenwr). la to and 6to 1...,
Glenhelm, 115 (Simms), 4 to 1 »
Turvey drop?" Sublet, Domineer, Colonel Tenny
and Chorus Boy also ran.
Fourth race, the Sass memorial, mile and a
mSlo. 118 (T. Bums). 9 to 10. ... ....... X
Sir Gawain. 110 (Dosgett), 4 to 1 and 4 to 5.. -
Leedsville, 121 (Maher), 3 to 5 • •>
Time, 1:55.
Blaise Rock also ran.
. Fifth race, selling, six furlongs: - .
Gala Day, 114 (Spencer), 6to ........ »
Frohman.lol (Maher). 7 to 1 and 3 to 1 |
Hampden. 104 (Dupee), 20 to 1.... ■
Saratoga! 4 Blissful, Tabouret. Ortland. Squire
Ablngdon and Harry jj Crawford also ran.
Sixth race, hurdle, mile and a half, selling:'
Governor Budd, 147 (Finnegan), 4 to a.. ...... 1
The Widower, 132 (Collins), 6 to o and 0ut.,.. 2
Bergen, 147 (Mooney), 15 to 1 -•• *
Time, 2:52. , ; - .~- - ,' • -' ',-
CHICAGO, Sept. 9.— Weather cool; trark
C FiVst race, six furlongs— Agnes C (8 to 5) won,
Prnsoroso (2 to 1) second, Kxquisite tlilni.
Second raoe, six furlongs— Mary Black .(» to
10) won. Belle of Memphis (7 to a) second,
Tlmemaker third. Time, I.HVi-
Third race, mile— Cherry Leaf (4 to 1) won.
Fervor (2 to 1) second, David Terry third. .
Time, 1:41. _ „ .
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth— Tom lai« ,
vert (8 to 1) won. Official (3 to 5) second.
Prince Blazes (3 to 1) third. Time, 1:49.
Fifth race, live furlongs— Allynr (2 to 1) won.'
Espionage (3 to 1) second, Miss Marlon third.
Time, 1 MV-.
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth— Tonto (S to :
5) won, Governor Sheehan (5 to 1) second.
Black Fortso third. Time. 1:43*;.
BI'FFALO, Sept. 9.— Weather clear; track
good. ,
First race, three-year-olds, six furlongs— X
C won, Dick Warren second. Bombardon third. '■
Time, 1:16^.
Second race, two-year-olds, selling, five fur
longs—Matoaka won. Gavotte second, Romany
Dawny third. Time, I:O4V*.
Third race, four-year-olds and upward. 6tx
furlongs— Prima won. Forfeit second, Bob Tur
ner third. Time, l:lti.
Fourth race, live furlongs— The Gardener,
won, Walt a Bit second. Sir Caslmir third.
Time. 1:03.
Fifth race, three-year-olds and upward, sell- ■
ing, mile— Savarin won, Debride second, De
mosthenes third. Time. 1:42':...
Sixth race, four-year-olds and upward, six
furlongs — Percita won. Ferryman II second,
Wordsworth third. Time, 1:15%.
ANACONDA, Mont., Sept. 9.— Results: First
race, five furlongs— Jollimont won. Hernlce sec
md. Mark Hanna third. Time, l; 04.
Second race, five and a half furlongs — Beau
tiful Girl won, Tallac second, Dunpraise third.
Time. 1:10%.
Third race, six furlongs— Jim Gore won, Pat
Morrifisey second, Tammany third. Time, 1:15.
Fourth race, one mile— Ping won, Imp. Bitter
Root second. Inbred third. Time, 1:43.
Fifth race, mile and *a quarter, over five
hurdles— Granger won, J. O. (_'. second, Lord'
Chesterfield third. Time. 2:20.
Sixth race, seven furlongs— Doubtful won,
Barnato second, McPryor third. Time, 1:31.
Directly Wins at Hamline.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Sept. &.— Results at Ham
line:
2:05 class, pacing, purse $1000— Directly won
in straight heats. Time. 2:0?i4. 2:0:t»i. 2:03*4.
Tom Ogden second. Lady NoUdingham third.
Parker also started.
2:17 class, trotting, purse ?l<ioo — Jre Wonder
took second, fourth and fifth heats. Time,
2:16H, 2:16 H. 2:15%. Oslund L won third beat
in 2:16 V Good Morning won first heat in
2:15>.4. Miss Sidney. Sister Alice, Antt and
Strathmore also started.
2:22 class, pacing, purse $1000— Pinta won sec
ond, third and fourth hrats in 2:13^4, 2:16 and
2:IS. He Ready won tlu> first heat in 2:13 1 4-
Waterloo Maid. Paddy Ryan. Mollie O, Boyn
ton. Pandora Maid, Richwood and Birch Twig
also started.
Thp mile run was won by Abbess, Druggist
second. Crevasse third. Time, 1:45.
Wheel Racing at Riverside.
RIVERSIDE, CaL, Sept. 9.— The sev
enth annual wheel meet given under tho
auspices of the Riverside Wheelmen at
Wheelman's Park this arternoon was •«.
brilliant success. Results:
One mile novice— A. C. Muff won, Leslie
second. Time, 2:30 3-5.
One mile, amateur. 2:30 class — Bert Leslie
won, Kastwood second. Time, 2:22 2-5.
One-third mile, open— Arthur Tabon of Corona
■won, Furman, Los Angeles, second. Time
:45 1-5.
One mile, open— W. G. Furman. Los Angeles
won: Tabor second. Time, 2:25 4-5.
Two mile handicap— W. G. Furman (scratch)
Los Angeles, won; Fred Dee (100 yards) sec
ond. Time, 5:06.
One of the, most
.Ayr extraordinary oc-
mf Looked /\ currences of the .
m\ a Man in the \1 year was that of a
■1 Pace and Col- II stranger visiting
V v lapsed." The IB the city last week,
!^^^ Reasons /M who was much in ■'_'; ' .
■ " evidence around
the stores where •-.
; Klondike outfits are being made special
I features. He was of a very quiet and
■' yet nervous ■ disposition. He seemed 0•>
: not to be purchasing anything, for he
spoke to no one. With his eyes fastened
to the goods, or else gloomily turned ,
to the floor, he was an object of no
small degree of wonder. Last Thurs-
day, while standing in a Market-street
store, he suddenly seemed to recover
himself from thought, and an attendant
asked him pointedly if he could serve
. hint in anyway: The stranger raised
his eyes to those of the salesman, and
• the moment he met the inquiring glance '
of that gentleman he . fell prone to the T ~
floor. He was assisted to rise and im-
mediately taken to the Hudson Medical
Institute, where it was discovered that 1 '
it was simply a case of severe nervous '•
debility. A trifling stimulant was ad-
; ministered, and the patient made the
very extraordinary statement that he '
; ; could .no longer look -. a man in the '
eye. "Hudyan" treatment was at once ,
given him, and he -'■-. m —^—
■is now a/most well. J^* r V-'~'^^%i:' -
; The condition was If Very Sim- v^L *
! brought on, he ex- 1 ?! 9 . "£ **7 VI
: plains, by : those I^ l ™' ™™™ J-
; follies which 1\ AreThoBeWho m
follies which men V Do Not M
are prone to in Know -^r . ''
:- early youth. . , . "^^^gj^gg^^, ; '•■*• ■"">
The Hudson Medical Institute Is
,at the junction of Stockton, Market \fl
and. Ellis streets. Circulars \ and V
testimonials telling all about "Hud- '■ '
yan" are sent free to every one ask- : .^
ing. If you suffer from any sort of ?
blood taint .ask for free : "30-day •,
: r blood cure" circulars'. ; That is quite
*i as effectual in cases of blood poison-:
; ing as is "Hudyan" in all instances 'V:
: of lack of manliness. » .i -■ • ■-' .<, - '.
': . . V ; " :;: ';'•■* 'Y'\':'^ . "V>
Use f^h and
Facial Soap fc^.^Fdcial Cream. ,- [■
Woodbury's . Facial Soap. Facial Cream, < Fa- ;.: '
cial and Tooth Powder have the Indorsement of Vi
the Medical v and Dental Profession*. 3old '<[ '
everywhere.AGUINALDO, AS
DICTATOR, CALLS
HIS "CONGRESS"
Evidently the Insurgent Leader Is
Now Thoroughly Determined
oq Mischief.
Crisis in the Philippines Cannot Be Delayed
Many Days and Proropt Action Is
in Order.
BY SOL N. SHERIDAN.
Sperlnl Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrlcbted, 1808,
l»j Jmrcn Gordon Itennett.
MANILA, Sept. 9.— General Aguln
aldo. In his rapacity as president or
dictator, in calling a meeting; of the
'Filipinn Congress," has disclosed the
fa<n that he has planned to have com
plete control of that body from th<3
start. He will obtain control by ap
pointing a majority of the representa
tives of the various districts. This so
called congress is to meet in Maloilos
on October 15. so that Apuinaldo will
haw ample time in which to choose the
men who will uphold him in his dic
tatorship.
With a preter.se of firmness Aguin
aldo provides in his decree calling the
congress to assemble that Spaniards
who have resided In the Philippine
Islands for ten years may exercise the
right of suffrage in the selection of
representatives. In districts where no
revolution has taken place A^umald >
will himself chor.se representatives, and
It is by this means that he will obtain
full control.
The revolution has been confined to
the island of Luzon ard a small section
of Mindanao. On these two islands only
will a vote be taken in choosing repre
f< ntatives in congress. The vote on
the Island of Mindanao will bo confined
to the small section where the natives
have been in revolt. Th-=> insurgents
will easily control the selection of rep
resentatives of these sections, so that
the right of suffrage conferred upon
ENCAMPMENT IS
DULY ADJOURNED
Grand Army Men Finish
Their Work.
ALL THE OFFICERS ELECTED
PRESIDENT AND SECRETARY
OF WAR EULOGIZED.
Veterans Also Appeal to Comrade
McKinley to See That Pension
Rules Are Not Made
Too Harsh.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI. Sept. 9.— The work of
the thirty-second annual encampment
of the Grand Army of the Republic
Mas concluded to-day.
While the encampment was concluded
In tho afternoon, so that the national
board of administration could meet
with Commander-in-Chief Sexton for
routine initial work, the national con
vention at" the three organizations of
ladies continued all day and until late
to-night. They had much more fight
ing over the officers than the ex-sol
diers. Their afternoon and evening
sessions were devoted to the contest
over the division of the honors, and in
those contests Illinois carried off almost
everything. The Department of Illinois
Becured the commander-in-chief last
evening; also the president of the
Woman's Relief Corps. To-day that
State secured the president of the
Ladies of the Grand Army of the Re
public, as well as the president of the
Daughters of Veterans and thirteen of
the members of the national council
and also the secretaries and councilor
of the Woman's Relief Corps.
The encampment opened this morn-
Ing with a small attendance and pro
<ft-ded to finish the election of officers.
The following were elected by acclama
tion:
S< nior vice-commander-ln-chlef, W.
C. Johnson of Cincinnati.*
Junior viee-eommander-in-chief, Da
vid R. Ross of Delaware.
Surgeon general, Dr. Pierce of Ne
braska.
Chnplain-in-chief, Colonel Lucas of
Indianapolis.
Commander -in - Chief Sexton an
nounces that he will not appoint his
Btnff until he returns to Chicago.
The r. solutions referring to President
McKtnley and Secretary Alger were
given precedence. The resolution re
ferring t<> the President was first
adoptei] by a rising vote amid a scene
of nuist enthusiastic demonstrations.
It read as follows:
Resolved. That the Grand Army of the
lie-public has watched with pride and
natl&actlon the wide, conservative, un-
Billish, patriotic and statesmanlike man
ncr in which our honored comrade. Wil
liam McKinley, as President of the Uni
ted States, h.is met every demand which
the recent trouble with Spain imposed upon
our country; that lilh wisdom and pru
ffence in his endeavor to preserve peace
• with honor Ofl waU as the vigor and pat
riotic ardor with which our army an<l
navy wore equipped for the conflict, when
the war became imminent, have won our
hearty and unreserved approval and com
mendation: and, rejoicing In the glorl
oua termination of the conflict in which
our country has been engaged, we hereby
express our gratitude, not only to our dis
tinguished comrade; the President, but
ala i to the officers and men in the land
and naval forces, for their heroic con
• and sublime achievements for hu
manity and the glory of our flag and
country.
As soon as the demonstration follow
ing the adoption at the resolution was
over the following was read and adopt
ed by a unanimous vote, without dis
cussion and with another demonstra
tion of approval:
Resolved. That from knowledge formed
of our experience as soldiers during four
years of active service, we recognize the
unfaltering: energy and patriotic devotion
with which, as Secretary of War. Gen
eral Alger has borne the weighty respon
sibilities and performed the Important
duties suddenly Imposed by the recent
war with Spain, creating: and maintaining
the Spaniards who have resided in the
islands for ten years will have little or
no bearing on the election.
Since Aguir.aldo has conferred upon
himseif authority to choose representa
tives from districts where no revolt has
taken place, there is no possible chance
for any move to wrest the leadership
fronj him. Fo far as this congress is
concerned his authority will be as ab
solute as that which Spain has exer
cised.
Santa Cruz, the last position held by
the Spaniards at Manila Bay, has been
taken by the Insurgents, who followed
up their success by seeking vengeance
on some of the priests of that section.
This took the form of requiring priests
to "do penance" by standing on the
roadside for many hours.
A Btory comes from Iba, in the north
ern part of the island of Luzon, about
the cruel treatment of a Spanish
Bishop by rebel sympathizers. The
prelate was beaten with clubs and
compelled to disclose the hiding-place
of money belonging to the church.
The Insurgents are strongly fortify
ing Maloilos, where Aguinaldo tem
porarily established the capital of the
rebel government.
That the Insurgent leader is bent
upon mischief becomes dally more ap
parent. An American officer of high
rank informed me that a crisis in af
fairs here cannot now be delayed many
days, a fact which he says should be
fully considered by the Government at
Washington.
so large an army under such unfavora
ble conditions, the deeds of which not only
shed luHtre on the American soldierß, but
also challenge the admiration of the
world.
The report of the committee on pen
sions declares that a generous and pa
triotic construction of the law should
govern the administration of the de
partment and says:
Resolved. That in view of the repeated
complaints of the unfair construction of
the pension law and of the making and
enforcement or rules which are In viola
tion of the law and inimical to the Inter
est of applicants, this encampment Is im
pelled to call upon Comrade William Mc-
Klnley, President of the United States, to
exercise his authority and see that the
law 1h executed In a spirit of fairness,
justice and liberality.
Resolved, That all rules which tend to
hinder and embarrass the allowance of
honest pension claims shou.d be repealed,
and we ask the President that he use his
authority to cause those whose duty It <s
to execute the laws to so perform their
duty as to do Justice to the soldiers ana
administer the law so as not to obstruct
the prosecution of pensions by technical
requirements not within the province of
the law and which are only calculated to
hinder and obstruct in the effort to ob
tain lawful pensions.
Resolved, That the rule of the Pension
Office by which a widow is debarred from
pension If she has an Income of MOO per
year Is unjust, and we ask the President
that the order be abrogated and the "iin
imum Income debarring from pensions be
fixed at not less than $30) per annum.
Resolved. That we ask for the estab
lishment of order IC4. which was enforced
und>»r the Harrison regime. This order.
In simple terms, took cognizance In rating
a man b pension of all disabilities he suf
fered under.
Resolved. That In construing the
phrase, "inability tn perform manual la
bor," It be construed to mean Inability to
perform unprofessional, unskilled labor;
labor requiring muscular effort alone. Our
comrades living and the widows of the
comrades dead cry aloud for Justice. We
voice their cry and bring it to the ear of
that comrade in chief authority over all
the land, confident that he will do jus
tice.
The report was adopted without dis
cussion.
Upon motion of Comrade Beath it was
resolved that unless the railroads gave
a satisfactory guarantee to make the
rates to the next encampment not ex
ceeding 1 cent per mile, and the ho
tels of Philadelphia gave a guarantee
not to increase their regular rates at
the time of the encampment, then the
national council of administration be
authorized to select such other city as
would make these guarantees.
The application by the Ladies' Relief
Corps for permission to amend their
constitution so as to enable them to use
relief funds for the benefits of soldiers
of the Spanish-American war was acted
upon favorably by the encampment.
The proposition to make eligible to
membership in the Grand Army sol
dierß who have served in the war with
Spain was laid on the table.
The officers elect were then installed
and at 2:30 p. m. the final adpournment
took place.
The Woman's Relief Corps to-day in
stalled the following newly elected offi
cers: Mrs. Flo Jamison Miller, Monti
cello. 111., national president; Mrs. Mary
C. W T enzell, Cincinnati, senior vice pres
ident; Mrs. Ellen F. Daniels West Vir
ginia, junior vice president; Mrs. Isa
bella T. Baeley. Zanesville, treasurer;
Mrs. Mary A. Tull, chairman executive
board.
The following; additional oficers were
selected: Secretary, Miss Mattte J.
.Tanison, Illinois; councillor, Mrs. Emma
R. Wallace. Illinois: home board. Mrs.
Sarah J. Martin, Missouri; Inspector,
Mrs. Mary Deane. Massachusetts; in
stituting and Installing- officer, Mrs.
Charlotte J. Cummintrs, Pennsylvania;
patriotic instructor, Mrs. Mary Hart
well, California.
Among the resolutions adopted was
one thanking: Miss Clara Barton, presi
dent of the Red Cross Society, who is
a past chaplain, for her official work In
relieving the suffering and destitution
in Cuba.
As the treasury of the G. A. R. was
found to be about empty the ladles of
the Woman's Relief Corps made an ap
propriation of $2000 for the benefit of
their brothers. Adjourned sine die.
The Ladles of the Grand Army of the
Republic to-day elected the following
officers: President. Mrs. Arnes Wins
low, Chicago: senior vice-president
Mrs. M. P. Cahoon. Elyria, Ohio; junior
viee-preslJent, Mrs. Pauline Willis,
San Francisco; treasurer, Mrs. Etta
Tohy, Logansport, Ind. ; counselor, Mrs.
Flora M. Davey, Duluth; council of ad
ministration. Mrs. Annie Lincoln, Du
luth. Minn.; Miss Emma Wall, Law
rence, Kaß.; Mrs. Aurilla Sherman.
Keokuk, la. President Wlnslow will
appoint a secretary and other officers
at some time in the near future.
The Daughters of Veterans of the O.
A. R. to-day elected and (retailed the
following officers: President, Miss An
na Clark, New York; senior vice presi
dent, Miss M. Lizzie Kimball, Massa
chusetts; Junior vice president. Miss
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 189 S.
MRS. GEORGE ROSE, THE HEROINE OF SHASTA.
Lillian Philinps, Illinois; chaplain, Miss
Bertha Discus, Ohio; treasurer, Mrs.
Ida J. Allen, Masachusetts; inspector,
Mrs. Belle Moore, New York: institut
ing and Installing officer, Mrs. Winnie
Bond Willis, Massachusetts.
SAN RAFAEL'S GREAT
GOLFING TOURNAMENT
Large Crowd Views the Sport at the
Hotel Grounds — The Prize
Winners.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 9.— The Hotel Ra
fael golf links were the Mecca of society
folks in large numbers to-day, their pil
grimage being to witness the open han
dicap tournament held by the San Rafael
Golf Club. The programme for the
various events extends over two days,
and four of the principal competitions
will take place to-morrow. In all the
handicap competitions the scores were
piaced in sealed envelopes and given Into
the hands of the Green committee. The
winners will therefore not be known un
til to-morrow evening.
In the boys' and girls' handicap Pro
fessor Tetley's coaching first became
manifest. Clement Arnold, whose score
was 102 at the last tournament, came out
to-day with $5. There were twenty en
tries in the ladles' handicap competition.
Miss Edith Mcßean scored 71, Mrs. Oil
man J. Brown 75. and Miss Cornelia
O'Conner 79. These scores were also
sealed.
In the men's handicap competition, 75
yard approach, Gilman P. Brown, a
young player, beat the old San Francis
co veterans with an average approach
of 15 feet 9 inches. Richard Parker and
Baron Alex yon Schroeder also did well.
In the men's competition F. L Abbott
went over the links in 93, playing good
and clean both rounds, and had a ball
not been lost would have reduced his
score. Charles Page followed with a
score of 100. J. J. (..rooks did some good
driving plays In this event.
In the ladles' competition, fifty yard ap
proach, the battle finally narrowed down
to a contest between Mrs. Brown and
Miss O'Connor. Mrs. Brown won by driv
ing a ball 227 feet, carry clean, with a
roll of 130 yards. Miss O'Connor's drive
of 213 feet, carry clean, when measured
with the roll, was equally good, but
missed the prize.
An orchestra furnished music and re
freshments were dispersed from the club
tent, which was gayly decorated. To
morrow being the end of thf^ tournament
a better attendance. If anything, is ex
pected than t\ at of to-day.
GROUND TO ATOMS.
Chicago Professor's Awful Death on
a Santa Fe Train.
DENVER, Sept. 9.— A special to the
Times- from Colorado Springs says:
Professor D. S. Baernstein, the well
known Chicago musical director, who has
had charge of the Broadmoor orchestra
here this season, met death in an awful
manner last night under tho southbound
Santa Fe train at Fountain, six miles
south of this city.
He was late in reaching tho depot, and
attempted to boprd one of the Pullman
cars, but the vestibule was closed and
he could not get up the steps. By the
time he discovered that he could not make
himself heard the train was speeding over
the rails at fifty miles an hour. Professor
Bnernstein clung to the irons until the
train reached Fountain, which is not a
regular stopping place. Here ho was jarred
off as the cars struck a sharp curve.
The unfortunate man was literally
ground Into small pieces.
He conducted t.*e Kimball Hall studio in
Chicago.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Union Iron Works to Be Awarded
Contrac T s for Building New Boats.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 9.— Levi W. Sim
mons has been reinstated as Inspector of
customs at San Francisco at a salary of
$;: a day.
Commissioner of Pensions Evans' re
port, now in the hands of the public
printer, shows 16,981 pensions, giving
$2,442 23165 In California; 4932 pensions,
$71".0t) v Bfi, In Oregon; and 583G pensions,
J750.977 54, in Washington.
The Naval Board of Construction,
agreeing on the recommendations to be
moot concerning the award of contracts
for building torpedo boats and toipo-lo
b?at destroyers, authorized nt last ses
sl )ii of Congress, favors as the only bid
der on the Paeilic Coast the Union Tron
Works of San Francisco, and will recom
mend that this firm be. awarded Ui3 work
of constructing both destroy ts and tor
pedo boats. The exact division of
awards recommended cannot be ascer
'.aii.td.
HEMMED IN BY FIRE.
Mining Town of Alberni, on Van
couver Island, in Peril.
VICTORIA, : : C. '. C. , Sept. 9.— Alberni. ■ a
mining town on the west coast of Vancou
ver Island, : the center of a large and rap
idly growing mining district, . has been
threatened with destruction by forest fires
for > several days. , . News received ; this
morning says the fires are still raging and
that many barns containing hay and grain
have been destroyed. . • ;
■ A volunteer fire brigade is working day
and night to save the town from destruc
tion, but grave fears are entertained that
unless rain comes or the wind blows away
from the : town it will t be ' destroyed. ■;; No
lives have been lost an yet. , :
, » — '.-.:'•,. . . - , '.
Clever Ball at Grass Valley.
GRASS VALLEY, Sept. 9.— The first of
the series of live games between the Mon
archs and Pioneers of this city was won
by the former in the cleverest and most
exciting contest ever seen here on the dia
mond, ny a score of 6 to 5. Whalen and
Coffin were the battery for the winning
team, and Overmyer and Hanssen for the
losers. The Pioneers did the heaviest
stick work, while the Monarchs found it
difficult to connect with Overmyer, the
Pioneers losing by careless base running
and overthrows.
RISKED HER LIFE
TO SAVE A CHILD
Story of Heroism From
Shasta County.
BOY TUMBLES INTO A WELL
A MAN DECLINES TO ATTEMPT
HIS RESCUE.
Mrs. Kate Rose Descends Sixty-iTive
Feet on a Frail Rope and
Brings Up the Little
Fellow.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Sept. 9.— A story of an
act of heroism that is seldom equaled
by a woman reached here this morning
from Fall River Mills, a small settle
ment in Nortl.eastern Shasta.
A party of ladles went to a neighbor
ing ranch to gather wild plums, taking
their children with them. The wife of
Dr. M. M. Rowley and her four-year
old son Cecil were among the plum
gatherers. The ladies went to the farm
house for a drink of water. Some re
pairs were being made at the well and
it had been left partly uncovered. While
the women were standing about talk
ing little Cecil ventured too near the
edge and losing his balance pitched
headlong to the bottom of the well, a
distance of sixty-five feet. The ladies
listened intently for a moment and
then heard the screams of the child.
A scene of the wildest confusion en
sued. Mrs. Rowley, the mother, was
almost frantic and insisted on going
down on the rope. Mrs. Kate Rose
wanted to go in her stead, but as the
rope was regarded as too light to bear
her weight she was persuaded not to
try it.
A man who was working near by was
called, but he declined to risk his life
by venturing into the well on the frail
rope.
Mrs. Rose could not be restrained any
longer. She bravely lowered herself
into the depths, where she found Cecil
hanging to a projecting rock with his
head just out of the water. Taking
the boy in her arms she braced herself
against the walls of the well, fastened
the frail rope securely about herself
and burden and was drawn slowly to
the surface.
The depth of water in the well was
five feet. The little fellow's injuries
consisted of several bad bruises on the
body and a frightful gash on the scalp,
requiring nine stitches to close the
wound. It was not until the following
day that the extent of his injuries
could be ascertained, and then the good
news went out that he was not badly
hurt.
PIONEER MISSIONARY
OF THE FIJIS DEAD
After Fifty-Four Years' Labor on
the Islands, Father Breheret
Is No More.
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. o.— The steamer
Miowera, which reached port this even
ing, brings news from Suva of the deatli
of Rev. Jean Baptiste Breheret, who was
the founder of the Roman Catholic mis
sion, and, in fact, the pioneer missionary
in the Fiji Islands. It is fifty-four years
ago since the deuel priest went to the ltl
an<ip. and he remained at his post there
till his death. At the reverend father's
advent at Suva cannibalism was ram
pant. The funeral was lamely attended
a vast ratherlnp of all creeds— Christian,
Jew. Greek and infidel— all alike belnff
anxious to show their respect for the
pood and noble man who built up tho
churches of the Fijls.
CURRENT GIRDLES THE GLOBE.
The rapid development of the gold mines
of the VVltwatersrand, in Transvaal, has
required a considerable increase of motive
power necessary for the operation of the
numerous mines. An immense central
power station has been created In Johan
nesburfjf, for which the whole machinery
dynamos and all electric apparatus were
furnished by the firm of Siemens &
Halske. Uerlin, Germany. Almost all the
mines receive their power now from this
station. Currents of a tension of 10,000
volts are generated and transmitted by
conducting: wires, affixed at the top of
iron supports of 25 feet In height, to the
mines. Some lines are about 30 miles in
length.
A California girl writes about her
visit to the Pope in next Sunday's
Call.
The spear that killed General Gordon In
Khartoum was sold by auction in Lon
don recently for 30 guineas.
OCEAN ENGULFS
FALCON ISLAND.
Twenty Native Fishermen Have Un
doubtedly Perished— Volcanic
Phenomenon.
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 9.— News comes from Suva by the steam
er Miowera that Falcon Island, recently situated midway between
the Tongatabu and Haafat groups and Immediately opposite the No
muka group of islets, has disappeared beneath the waves. The
news was brought to Suva by her Majesty's ship Porpoise, which
arrived shortly before the Miowera sailed. Falcon Island was of
volcanic origin, of half a mile or more in diameter and possessed of
an altitude of forty feet. There were about twenty native fisher
men on it and they have undoubtedly gone down with it into the
depths. The disappearance is doubtless due to volcanic disturbances.
Her Majesty's ship Penguin which left Suva on a survey cruiee will
visit the sunken island to take observations in regard to the strange
phenomenon.
FARM WAGONS BY TROLLEY.
Scheme of an Ohio Man to Take
Produce to Market.
A great many different Bchemes have
been proposed and some of them have
been tried for lessening the work of
carting farm produce into town. The
traction engine is used for that pur
pose to a considerable extent in Eng
land, although in America very little
hauling is done therewith. Then again
there has been a good deal of talk of
laying broad, guttered rails on the com
mon highway for the wheels of the or
dinary wagon to run in. This is a
rather more popular Idea and has a
promising future in our own country.
In some parts of the United States
there are trolley lines reaching out
through the rural regions and carrying
not only passengers, but also mall and
express matter. Inside city limits in
many places special trolley cars are
made for local postal and express ser
vice, and in the vicinity of very large
cities one will sometimes find that a
certain style of low-platform cars are
provided by the steam roads for carry
ing into town the heavy trucks of the
market gardeners laden with fresh
vegetables. And now still another plan
Is proposed.
A Toledo man, named Bonner, has de
vised a special truck which Is designed
to run on a street railway and to carry
a farm or express wagon. Inasmuch
as the ordinary vehicle would not fit
the truck Mr. Bonner thinks It better
to have his own wagon as well as his
railway truck. He has taken out a
patent on the idea and has obtained a
franchise from the city of Toledo for
running his wagons through the streets.
As soon as he has manufactured and
sold a number of his special wagons
to the express companies In town and
has also had a few of his trucks made
he will be in a position to take the
wagons on the trucks through such
streets as have trolley lines. The trucks
are intended to be coupled to a trolley
car and are not provided with electric
motors of their own. After the city
service is fairly started Mr. Bonner will
endeavor to secure rural patronage. Of
course It will be necessary for such
farmers as wish to take advantage of
his plan to have the right sort of
wagons and to haul them by horse
power near enough to town to reach
the trolley tracks.
But in Ohio there are numerous trol
ley roads extending from one town to
another and attaining a length of ten,
fifteen and even twenty-five miles. If
a farmer only lives along one of these
routes he will not need to haul his
wagons more than a few rods. Indeed,
if he has a switch and sidetrack and
loads his wagons while they stand on
the latter he will have an easy task
before him. The rapid development of
trolley lines through the rural districts
nowadays makes Mr. Bonner's idea an
interesting one. There Is no telling how
far it is likely to become serviceable to
American farmers. — Boston Evening
Transcript.
ALLIGATORS AS PETS.
"People are constantly bringing small
alligators north," said J. Atkinson of
New Brunswick, N. J., the other day,
"and the creatures are as constantly
dying because they do not receive the
proper care. The heat and food neces
sary for them are the things to be con
sidered. I no longer try to bring the
smallest specimens; they are too deli
cate. But a pair a foot or two long are
ADVERTISEMENTS.
about tailor-made I
|gf| I^SP g arm ©nts for the j
§s|r / f ■ T^w a " season— as to I
'W-- vf "' Ig f!^' • what we^'do and j
4 nJm\VF ™ We make a specialty of business suits 0
0 L_*/ '.Bi- "'" I at prices from $10.00 to $20.00. ' These 0
0 . :==sSi^ ik suits cannot be, duplicated elsewhere for ♦
0 >; V - >M/V '■ ' eSS than $15.00 and $30.00. 4
> ..•'.- v y\ We ma ' handsome dress suits for °
♦ . L—^g^^f T $15.00 to $25.00 that are equal in o
o - 'A/ "' I /■ every way, and in some cases superior, 4
g ■ : 1- = ; I / ..": -to those that others make and charge
♦ ill $20.00 to $3500 for.
4 1 ' I •*■■ ■';•[■;■ We ; have the best cutters obtainable $
? \ I ' • / r and show the best and newest; woolens *
0 ■ - 11/ c can fit perfectly and suit exactly the 4
4- T I- 1 / ' most fastidious. We guarantee this by °
9 ',1 •■ I / being ready at any time to refund money o
[2^^B ' 11/ upon the slightest dissatisfaction. £
oro r I ■ / " .„.„...„ . , All our suits made *
° » \ ' I /'. TROUSERS -to order from all-woor mate ; 2
o \ I / nnn\n w nn Will all-wool mate- ♦
?,-:: \ I- /;• 53 '?° tO , 57 ' 00 ' m l rial and fitted per- 2
$ , < ■ ■■-• -.-. AA- / - . COSt twlce M mUCh ; , fectlv ;We car ™a °
' * ! -\' I■• ■'/■" ■ cls6wn6r6i : ' . :"i ■ 'i, ' l ■*
° \ft A % wwHircifc | arger stock than o
O , : V tft=*^?Vr :': ' all other tailoring establishments in this. $
♦ :: - V^ '■ '*?.' "■ city arid' can -offer you Ta. larger selec- '■;■♦
4 • - •> . .: ' tion than you can find elsewhere. ■ . 4
:°- Send to us for samples of new style woolens. Free on application. ,°
♦ .' ; ."■■" y '::.'..,'«'./■'' >. ''■,•?
S N WOOD &CO l
I;■■ ; ■ : "., ,718 Market - St., S. F. : : ; .• ■ i
0 r
»-0-«-0-«-0-#-0-»-0-^O-»-o^o-«-0-»-00-»-0-»0-»-0-»-0^0-»-0-^0>0^00-«-0-«rO-*-0-^0-^0-»i
w^! ■.■'! . . "i^ ■"■■.■.■-,:•?<-"■•■?•" ■if'.'r -'..<■,;;. ■■■.■'.- ■■--s.-v:- 1 ',. :• i-.:--- '.-•»•■ •".•■•' -• * s.i.- -•• .. ■ » .■ ■ . . ■ ■■•■ «■■■.■-.■,
strong enough to feed and bear some
change of temperature. Such a pair
I received some time ago and raised
successfully. They were packed in
wads of cotton In a large perforated
box and arrived in good condition.
"The home prepared for them was a
large deal table, in the center of which
a square hole was made. Into this hole
was fitted a deep dripping pan, contain
ing water. One-half of the table, at
the end of the pan of water, was cov
ered with fine sand, and at the oppo
site end the boards were left bare. A
wire-netting fence about two feet high
was nailed around the edge of the ta
ble, with the upper edges turned over
an Inch or two as a guard to pre
vent the alligator climbing out. The
whole was placed not far from a heater,
supposed to keep the establishment at
a Florida temperature.
"Into this as soon as completed the
two young saurians were turned, and
at once testified their appreciation of
the hospitality extended by flopping
into the water, where they thereafter
spent the larger part of their time.
"Grown alligators do not feed in whi
ter, but the little ones seem to require
food, whether from change of climate
or the needs of growth I cannot say.
These had fresh meat given them
whenever they appeared restless, per
haps once or twice a week, and the
avidity with which they snapped it up
was amusing. They would jump at
pieces held above them on a fork, quite
needless of the often severe Jabs they
gave themselves.
"The best method of feeding is to
throw the meat into the water. They
were apparently unable to get any
thing off the bare ground, often crawl
ing over meat lying on the ground,
wholly unconscious of its presence. To
clean their cage it was only necessary
to pen them in one end of their house
by means of a board, although when it
became necessary to lift them it was
perfectly safe to seize them just back
of the forepaws. The strength they
manifested in lashing with the tall to
get free was remarkable. Toward
spring, when the days were warmer,
their house was set out of doors one
day in a severe rainstorm. Instead of
liking the downpour, they were fright
ened thoroughly, and made every effort
to leap out of their cage.
"In summer a pen was arranged In
the open air on much the same plan as
the deal table, where they flourished
so mightily that one night they suc
ceeded in getting out and running away
forever." — New York Tribune.
THE KANSAS MTJRDEB LAW.
Governor Leedy's position that he will
not sentence a murderer to death Is that
assumed by his predecessors since the
present evasive and pusillanimous statute
concerning murder has been one of the
Kansas laws. Governor Leedy — and every
Intelligent man In Kansas — understands
that the object of the law was to abolish
capital punishment. That was- the Inten
tion of the Legislature, and the Gover
nor believes In respecting the purpose
and desire of the lawmaklng body. There
may be some day a Kansas Legislature
with firmness and consistency enough to
substitute for the present law an act de
fining the punishment for murder In the
first degree, making it either death or life
imprisonment. Until that time comes the
Governors of Kansas wil decline to per
form the duty properly devolving on a
trial Judge. In other -words, if the courts
in Kansas do not ha; c people, tne Gover
nors will not. Kansas at present has no
law fixing absolutely the punishment of
a cruel and wicked murderer, and this
condition will continue until there shall
arise a Legislature with manliness and
decency enough to frame a reasonable
statute. — Kansas City Star.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jfr^. PURITAN DAMES.
( "***^^^^ * deal these days of
<2j3sLi<el^>\ \. w i ves an d tnoth-
.jW|imS, "\ ers who landed at
Rfl^g I^^^ an(^ f° un ded that
kHeK 111 IBM colony which was
M I ■Sbh one to come here
BS <C&S%sj&sSßi' endeavors for the
jr hardships and difficul-
* ties as shall fall i upon them. ' ■
What self-renunciation and heroic purpose
was this! They drowned witches to De sure, "
but that was no part of their pnritanisrn. It
is to the puritan women we owe so much for '
that spirit in our people which gives them
the fortitude to endure hardship and stake
life and fortune for their convictions.
The American women of to-day have the
spirit of their puritan mothers, but their
constitutions are not rugged or able to en-
dure half the hardships of these New Eng-
land ancestors. Very often they are run-
down with weaknesses and irregularities
peculiar to their sex, and the constant drain
upon their vitality makes them chronic in-
valids. Many women hesitate to go to ■
their family physician, because they dread
the local examinations so generally insisted
upon by practitioners.
Such women should write Dr. R. V. - ;
Pierce, chief • consulting physician of the
Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute,
Buffalo, N. V., giving a full description of '
their symptoms, history, etc., so that he
can give them the best possible medical
advice. If Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescrip-
tion seems to suit the case the Doctor will
say so. If not, then he will give medical
advice which will put such women on the
rapid road to recovery and health. {
Get
To-day's
News Letter
For
Snappy Personal
Criticisms,
Local Stories
lffiL.il ityjc jJjjJCcjjLXjJEtif MLS-
And Caustic Comment
On the
Passing Show.
m+*+++++r+ •♦ ■♦■♦ ♦♦♦♦•
♦LADIES' PURSES. ♦
' . , *.'■-';■' . * .'.'.'- ■[- ■ ;' ■' i. ' ~ T
4. Morocco Combination Purses, .a.
~ leather lined, sterling silver corners, In
+ four — black, green, tan or seal— +
■. any one for .. \ ■ .
'."*":<:-.. so cents.'- . "
X WILL & FINCK CO.,
♦ 818-820 Market Street. +
•♦♦++++♦♦+♦♦♦♦♦♦•
AUCTION
OF REAL ESTATE
Probate, Referee, Executor, ; Partition
Sale, Administratrix and
Miscellaneous Sale - '
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 12th, 1898
At 12 o'clock M. ; - ". ■ -
AT SALESROOM, 14 MONTGOMERY STREET \
. The following: propertieat,
REFEREE SALE. "" 4 V ' iV
Dunn Estate. "*, : .". .'
The four following properties, by order of GusUtb H.
U inbscn. sole r*f»ree of the Dunn estate :
First- No. 140 Minna strtet, V. W. line. 396 feet N. E. -
of Third street, thence If E 25xS0 feet : rents i' 2. - '
Second— S. W. corner of Pag* and OctaTia streets;
j 40x87:6; 2 2-story and basement buy-window bouses of
8 rooms and bath each ; brick foundation ; rents *58.
Third— lmprovements and 10t. .59:6x80 feet; situate
N. E. corner of Minna and New Montgomery streets;
fronting 80 feet on New Montgomery street ; rents 1100.
Fourth— Lot ' situate N. \V corner of Sanchez and
Duncan streets ; west 80x114 feet. - . ; -A t'
J. S. IK) LI II) A V K STATE.
-: r: ,;-- : . Executor's Sale.'  •. ' '
S. E. comer of Haigbt and Steiner streets; .1-storj
building; store; and concrete basement and 2 upper
floors and two 2-story and basement bay window houses ;
rents $120 per month ; a good business corner; 56:3x72.
PARTITION SALE.
No. 521 Birch avenue, between OctaTia and Lacuna
streets ; 2 flats and lot 25x60 feet.
, ELLEN McPORTLAND ESTATE.
' By order of the Administratrix. 1 :.
No. 147 Collins street, near Geary street; 2-story
bouse of 6 rooms and lot, 1:5x120.
ELEGANT MANSION.
Northeast corner of McAllister and Scott streets;
elegant modern residence of 13 rooms, bath, laundry,
brick foundation, etc ; fine views; 30x100.
WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
Nos. 355-7 Foil street, between Gough »nd OctaTia
streets; 2 flats and cottage; rents 346; 27:6x120; %
frontages. . .; : t , .
. MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
; Northeast corner of 27th and Guerrero streets ; 27x100
with an L 2Gx5O ; stable on tar of lot.
BUSINESS CORNER LOT. A --■
Southeast corner i.t Geary street, or Point . Lobes
avenue and Parker avenue ; lot 31x4^x125.
PARTITION SALE.
No., 3383 22d street, between . Valencia and Guerrero
streets ; 2-etory bay-window residence of 6 rooms and
bath ; brick foundation ; stone walks ; street accepted;
25x114:6. ,
. ■■; --. :■?-:■■-: MISSION COTTAGE.
: No. 1215 Alabama street, near 24th street cable read;
cottage of 5 rooms ; rents $10 ; 26x100. ■
CLAY STREET INVESTMENT.
Nos. 1507-9 Clay street, between Hyde and Larktn
', streets ; * double 2-story and basement bay-window
bouse of 8 rooms and bath : brick i foundation, etc.;
•ouM be converted into 6 flats at small outlay ; 7:ox;i.
rfOUTHSIDE INVESTMENT.
No. 3 Zoe place, off Folsom street, between Beale and
Fremont street*; 2 tenements of 5 and 4 rooms ; rents
*22; 2.1x50. "
Further particulars, catalogues, etc., cheerfully given
at our office. -
G. H. UMBSEN Si CO., Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery Street.
Baja .- California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisine and specific tonic
for - the sexual * and urinary organs ; - of ' both
rßrxes,r Brxes, and a great" remedy .for diseases iof the.' '
kidneys : ; and '* bladder. ■ A ;.$ great ; Restorative, r;
Invlgorator *^ and Nervine. Sells on Its:.' own
Merits: no : long- winded testimonials necessary. ;
■-. -• f. NABER, ALFS & BRUNE, - Agents, *>-?••
823 i Market i street. 8. ; F.— Send ;*• for = Circular.) •
T 1 miii isii inMiii'i^i ff ■'■■■■ [irfu 1 - ■'.-< ■■ ■ -~ ■'■ '*' » '- *'*9KKak**ew&i
56
SATURDAY.; SEPTEMBER io f 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AH^ Communication^ to
IHJBUCATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE KAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) !»
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns j
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montb
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL.^ __One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlfcfcs Hous*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C.GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock.- 387 Hayes street, open until J
9:30 o'clock.- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Lark.ln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh^
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Number Nina"
I Baldwin— "A Marriage of Convenience."
Alcazar— "The First Born" and " Turned Up."
Morosco's— "Shall We Forgive Her
Tlvoll—" Ripoletto."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
• New Comedy Theater—" The Leading Man."
Alhambra, Eddy and Jones streets— Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Vaudeville and Spanish Bull Fight
- Clympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Mechanics' Pavilion— The Irish Fair,
tutro's Baths— Swimming.
Becreatlon Park— Baseball this afternoon.
Coursing— At Union Coursing Park, r . : ,
Leurslnjr— Ingleßide Coursing Park.
Inglestde Racetrack— Races.
' San Jose Agricultural Park— Excursion and Barbecue, Sun-
day, September 11. • * • ■■-
AUCTION SALES.
By G. H. Utnbeen & Co.— Monday, September 13, Real Estate
at U Montgomery street, at 12 o'clock. .-;••'; ..
CALIFORNIA'S YOUNG BLOOD.
THERE is a lesson in the celebration now in
progress at San Jose. The enthusiasm of the
Native Sons and Daughters of the great com
monwealth is not all due to the social instinct nor
the inclination to have a good time. Underneath it
all is a current of pride in the State, a confidence in
a future full of promise, and a jubilant note for a past
of honorable achievement.
It must be remembered, also, that a large propor
tion of resident Calitornians were born outside the
confines of the State, that here are representatives of
every State and Territory, who have chosen to make
their home by the western sea, and as it was the place
of their choice, so has it become the place of their
affection. They are as loyal to it as those who in
this old Spanish domain first saw the light of day.
They cannot participate in the formal celebration as
fully as the members of the order who turn it into a
gala time, but they are with the natives in spirit.
As California's younger generation is proud of the
State, so is the State proud of its sons and daughters,
and among all who here abide there is felt a thrill of
approbation at the fervor with which Admission day
is made an imposing occasion, significant and im
pressive. We congratulate the participants in San
Jose's festal season. Much of the material develop
ment of the State must depend upon them. Theirs will
be the duty of shaping its destiny and making the
most of its resources. To-day they play; but life is
made up of work, and when the relaxation is over
they can return to sterner vocations with zest re
newed.
A man named Guggenheim has been nominated
for Governor of Colorado by the anti-Teller Republi
cans. If he can carry that name to victory he is the
most astute statesman that State has ever produced.
"Guggenheim" fails to inspire. It baffles the poet
and places thorns in the path of the orator. The
gentleman' should have gone into politics under an
alias.
There are indications that the Cuban Junta will
still endeavor to exist at New York and direct the
destiny of the island. There are other indications,
however, that so long as Cuba is directed by any au
thority in the United States the seat of the authority
will be at Washington. The Junta only escaped out
living its usefulness by lacking that quality.
Presidio troops ought to be sent to Honolulu if
the only excuse for not doing so is the alleged lack
of a camping-ground there. It is beyond belief that
the islands do not afford space for a few thousand
soldiers.
Nobody is to be punished for the offense of killing
an obstreperous politician or two at a Colorado con
vention. Statesmen over that way are too busy re
forming the government to bother about trifles.
The new French Minister of War wears a single
eye-glass, but he will need one for the other eye be
fore he will be able to discern much joy in his job.
Governor Tanner of Illinois declares the peace
convention to be held in Chicago is a money-making
scheme. Yet why should he object? Isn't he in?
Whether water or wine shall be used in christening
the Illinois may depend upon the ultimate destiny of
the wine, provided the august occasion spare it.
Colorado's Silver Republicans needed some pun
ishment, but there was no real excuse for killing
them off. This course was too severe.
Perhaps Alger feels like having that reporter court
martialed. There are diplomatists who believe the
speaking of the truth to be a crime.
The delegate to a Colorado convention who fails
to fortify his person with a bullet-proof shirt may
justly be accused of recklessness.
When General Shafter reaches his old station he
will discover that the slanders circulated concerning
him haven't hurt him any.
Pops need not worry about the selection of a
name for themselves. Whatever the title chosen, the
real name will be mud.
Perhaps the rumor that Esterhazy had hanged him
self arose from the common belief that he deserves
hanging.
When Pando says there has been no war in Cuba
one naturally wonders what the general thought he
was running away from.
There is not the slightest doubt but Aguinaldo can
have all the fight he wants.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1898.
OUR PROPOSED TROPICAL COLONIES.
IN this and a majority of the States both parties
have declared in favor of territorial expansion.
Even fusion conventions, made up of the flotsam
and jetsam which has no principle* except opposi
tion to the Republican party, have resolved in favor
of holding all territory dominated by our arms in
the brief Spanish war.
Impassioned public speakers and reckless news
paper writers have fed the flame by talking of the
naval and commercial value of colonial possessions
in the tropics. Human greed has been stimulated
by overstatements of the commerce of the hot islands
we are asked to take under the flag, and Europe has
not been slow to see the advantage of drawing us
out of our impregnable continental position and pol
icy and getting us where we must be a party to the
quarrels of the nations and the wars of the creeds.
By an illogical statement and a misrepresentation
of history the proposed possession of tropical colonies
is put as the analogue of our acquisition of Louis
iana, Florida, Texas and the land for which we paid
Mexico after our superior military strength had
beaten down her weak guard and she was vanquished.
The land we took by these several processes was
for the expansion of our continental possessions. It
had upon it but few civilized people. The red In
dians were still lords of the soil, and as the United
States gradually acquired the right of eminent do
main over it, by treating with the tribes, our own
people, Anglo-Saxons and their congeners, our fel
low citizens, members of our body politic, settled
upon it, planted there American institutions, admin
istered by Americans, and in due time on all that
territory rose American states, guaranteed a repub
lican form of government, as required by the Federal
constitution. All of this territory was within the
north temperate zone. None of it was so hot or so
cold as to furnish physical conditions inimical to
the Anglo-Saxon. Our race, northern blood, which
first came before the footlights of history, the sur
vival of unknown ages of struggle with the austerities
of nature in the north, wherein the fittest had so sur
vived that their prepotency is still in the thews and
sinews of their posterity, was destined to flourish in
the temperate zone. It has not flourished elsewhere.
Our extensions of territory from 1806 to 1846 were
only to acquire ampler scope and verge for us, a
homogeneous people, where we could make American
states and plant homes, filled with the children of
American parents, trained in the ways and traditions
of their fathers.
The orators and writers who are holding out false
hopes and false lights to the American people are
spreading abroad the expectation that this process
is to be repeated in the tropical islands we are asked
to hold. This is a deception, pet haps not always
deliberate, but always a deception. The Anglo-
Saxon race, as a race, cannot live in the tropics.
Adult individuals of that race can sustain life in the
tropics, but Anglo-Saxon homes, wherein children
are born to take the places of their sires, are im
possible under a vertical sun, for trie white child
does not grow to be a strong adult.
This fact is so well established in anthro-biology
and ethnology that it is beyoijd controversy. The
experiment of founding Anglo-Saxon colonies in the
tropics had been tried out long before our time, and
failed wretchedly.
The last one was near the close of the seventeenth
century. William Paterson, the Scotchman to whom
Great Britain owes the scheme of the Bank of Eng
land, fired by the success and profits of the British
East India Company, organized a Scotch company
to plant a Scotch colony on the Isthmus of Darien.
It was a glittering lure. This colony was to found
a new state, a nation, which, by commanding the
isthmus, was to dominate the oriental trade, that prize
which Wisby lost to Venice, to be snatched in turn
by Genoa and Amsterdam.
The shares were eagerly taken by the Lowland
Scotch and the expedition sailed in the midst of
cheers and enthusiasm. The colony was planted
and rosy tales went back to Auld Reekie of the
growth of "New Edinburgh."
Let Macaulay describe what followed:
"Nothing happened .but what might easily have
been foreseen. The company had, in childish re
liance on the word of an enthusiastic projector, and
in defiance of facts known to every educated man in
Europe, taken it for granted that emigrants born
?nrl bred within 10 degrees of the Arctic circle would
enjoy excellent health within 10 degrees of the equa
tor. Nay, statesmen and scholars had been deluded
into the belief that a country which, as they might
have read in books so common as Hakluyt and
Purchas, was noted even among tropical countries
for its insalubrity, and had been abandoned by the
Spaniards, was a Montpellier.
"Nor had any of Paterson's dupes considered how
colonists from Fife and Lothian, who had never in
their lives known what it was to feel the heat of a
distressing midsummer day, could endure the labor
of breaking clods and carrying burdens under
the fierce blaze of a vertical sun."
After disease and death had prostrated the enter
prise, Macaulay describes the closing scenes:
"Those who were not laid on their beds were yel
low, lean, feeble, hardly able to move the sick and
to bury the dead. The cry of the whole community
was. that death was all around them, and that they
must, while they still had strength to weigh an an
chor or spread a sail, fly to some less fatal region.
The men and provisions were equally distributed
among three ships — the Caledonia, the Unicorn and
the St. Andrew. Paterson, though too ill to sit
in the council, begged hard that he might be left be
hind, with twenty or thirty men, to keep up a show
of possession, and await the next arrivals from Scot
land. But his offer was disregarded. He was car
ried on the St. Andrew, and the vessels stood out
to sea. The voyage was horrible. Scarcely any
Guinea slaveship has ever had such a middle passage.
Of 250 passengers who were on board the St. An
drew. 150 fed the sharks of the Atlantic before Sandy
Hook was in sight. The Unicorn lost almost all
its officers and about a hundred and forty men.
The Caledonia, the healthiest ship of the three, threw
overboard a hundred corpses. The squalid survi
vors, as if they were not sufficiently miserable, raged
fiercely against one another. Charges of incapacity,
cruelty, brutal insolence, were hurled backward and
forward."
We quote at such length that our readers may see
plainly the likeness between what happened 203 years
ago and the events of the last hundred days, even to
the historian's description of the men turned yellow
and lean by the tropical climate.
A second expedition followed, to find desolation
where it had expected to arrive at fertile fields and
a flourishing colony. With a strange infatuation, its
members set about rebuilding the ruined fortress of
New Edinburgh, but the fate of their predecessors
overtook them. Their story was written by Borland,
the Scotch minister who went out with them. What
happened is told in the old preacher's introduction,
which is in th£ language of the messenger who an
nounced to Job the destruction of his people and
property by the Chaldeans: "I alone am escaped
to tell thee." These scenes have been so recently
duplicated, even to the crimination and recrimina
tion, as to remind men who choose to do their own
thinking that natural conditions in the tropics do not
change.
It is a fact in gynecology that male and female,
born in the tropics of Anglo-Saxon parents and
reared there to adult age, if they escape the effects
of the climate so long, are to each other barren and
impotent. So completely has nature set bounds to
the habitation of men that she cuts our race off ut
terly when it attempts a foothold in the tropics.
Behold, then, the folly of that dream of a colonial
empire, settled like our continental possessions by
Americans, to create a Greater United States and put
a star spangled belt around the earth at the equator.
COLORADO REPUBLICANS.
RARELY in the history of American politics has
a convention that began with so much promise
ended with such a lame and impotent conclu
sion as that of the anti-Teller Republicans in Colo
rado. The opening speech of ex-Congressman Bel
ford was an epitome of the proceedings. It started
out with a forceful declaration in favor of genuine
Republicanism, but concluded with the assertion that
the remonetization of silver is to be expected from
the Republican party.
Mr. Belford is quoted as saying he was tired of
being a political tramp and wanted to get back to
the Republican party. In this sentiment he was sup
ported by another speaker, Judge Hilton of Denver,
who in his turn declared he was tired of being a po
litical maverick. From such statements one would
infer that the speakers and those who applauded their
words would turn away from the course of tramps
and mavericks and become once more thorough
going Republicans and stanch supporters of the
great policies which are now the cardinal principles
of the Republican creed.
The speakers, however, were not sincere in^hcir
words, or at least not sufficiently sincere to act in
accordance with them. Perhaps they were so tired
that they could not get a move on to go further, and
so remained where they were. At any rate, after de
claring their longing to be accounted once more
Republicans in good standing, they and their ap
plauding fellow members of the convention adopted
a platform, the money plank of which declares: "We
favor the restoration of the money of the constitution
by throwing open the mints of the country to the
free coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to I."
The only difference between that plank and the cor
lesponding one in the platform of the rankest Bryan
ites is that the Bryanites demand such remonetization
of silver without the aid or consent of any other
nation. That is indeed an important difference, but
it is not vital to the issue between the contending
parties. The free coinage of silver at the ratio of
16 to i is not Republican doctrine. Any politician
who advocates such a monetary scheme will remain
a political tramp and a maverick as long as he con
tinues to call himself a Republican. The division of
parties on that issue has been made clear by the cam
paign of 1896 and the events that have followed it.
There is no longer any room among Republicans for
leaders who would revive the agitations on the silver
question or menace the continuance of the existing
gold standard.
It is to be regretted the convention did not align
the anti-Teller Republicans of Colorado squarely with
the national organization on this issue. It would have
been good politics to have done so. The Democrats,
the Populists and the Silver Republicans, headed by
Senator Teller, had already declared for the Bryan
ite money plank, and genuine Republicans had noth
ing to gain even in Colorado by following the same
course. There are, however, in Colorado, many gold
Democrats and many independent voters who appre
ciate the usefulness of the existing monetary standard
to all forms of industry. Had these been appealed to
and a clean-cut, straight, vigorous fight made for the
sound money a victory might have been won like
that achieved in Oregon. Under any circumstances
the party in Colorado would have bravely upheld the
principles of national Republicanism, and its leaders
would never again have been referred to as tramps
or mavericks.
c NEW YORK EXPERIMENT.
PROFITING at last by the loss and damage of
forest fires, the State of New York is about to
undertake on a large scale an experiment in for
est management. Such a project, at least, is under
discussion in that commonwealth, and according to
reports the prospects are such as to virtually assure
its success.
There are now in the possession of the State of
New York about i,i00,000 acres of land in the
Adirondack region. This vast area has been pur
chased from time to time for the purpose of protect
ing the woods of the district and guarding that im
portant watershed. The control of the property is
vested in "the Forest Preserve Board," and in the
main the management has been satisfactory, but it
appears it has not gone far enough. The new enter
prise now under consideration provides not only for
the preservation of the forests, but for their cultiva
tion and improvement.
According to the outline of the plan given by the
press of the State it is proposed to purchase 30,000
acres more of the Adirondack region for the experi
ment and put it under the control of Cornell Uni
versity for a period of thirty years. The new depart
ment of the university will be known as "the New
York College of Forestry," and it is to have complete
direction and management of the experiment in every,
respect.
The legislative act which authorizes the undertak
ing of the new movement declares the proposed col
lege shall conduct "such experiments in forestry as
it may deem most advantageous to the interests of
the State and the advancement of the science of for
estry, and may plant, raise, cut and sell timber at
such times, of such qualities and quantities and in
such manner as it may deem best, with a view to ob
taining and imparting knowledge concerning the
scientific management and use of forests, their regu
lation and administration, and the production, har
vesting and reproduction of wood crops and earning
a revenue therefrom."
The comprehensive programme outlined by the act
is highly creditable to New York, and the results
will no doubt prove its wisdom. It is well known
that European governments have been able to make
forest cultivation an industry of direct profit as well
as of indirect economic value to the surrounding
districts. It is now to be tested whether our State
governments cannot accomplish the same ends. No
State in the Union has more concern in this subject
than California, for in none are the forest interests
greater. It would be well if the coming Legislature
would follow the example set by New York, and, if
not going so far as to provide for the cultivation of
forests as a profitable trade, would at least establish
a system of protection for the woods we have.
If people are distressed at the prospect of a high
tax levy let them reflect that part of the extra ex
pense will be to provide them with a monkey ranch.
The reflection may soothe and comfort them.
=READ NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL!=
September 11th— Contain : ,-
...,„,, KAHUNAS
\jP**t< ; REVELATIONS OF
. " .^,-V^ UNCLE SAM'S NEW ATLAS.
SWas {Presented
JffiUEfltj^fflA ........... BY A CALIFORNIA GIRL. *3 j^
1 jmky/ Wickedest City of the West
' M/ MAN WITH STRUGGLING i
f¥ A MICROSCOPIC EYE TO REACH the POLES
~ TRAVELING ACROSS THE |:: v
= CONTINENT WITHOUT A CENT =
By A WALKING GENTLEMAN.
. . .' PAGES OF OTHER SPECIAL FEATURES! .;V
JUDGE BELCHER REPLIES TO MR. MONTEITH.
THE YON ARNOLD CASE.
Editor Call: In yesterday's Call you published Mr. Monteith's criti-
cism of my action in declining to remit the public fees for filing the plain
tiff's complaint in the case of Yon Arnold vs. Arnold. The published state
ment of Mr. Monteith is misleading and I desire to set the matter right.
I refused to remit the fees for Mr. Monteith's client because it was not a
proper case for such action. The presiding Judge has no business or au
thority to give away the public moneys, and only in a case of extreme ex
igency is he authorized or justified in remitting fees of litigants. In this
case, if the defendant were here and were whipping and beating his wife,
throwing stones through the windows of her house, calling her , -le names
in the presence of others and seizing every opportunity to make her pres
ent married life a burden — even life itself a sorrow — and she were without
means to prosecute her action, It would be a proper case to postpone the
payment of fees. This is not such a case. The plaintiff was of mature
understanding and her eyes were open when she married. She went with
her husband to England and there left him. He is now undergoing penal
servitude for an offense against the laws of England and is not in a sit
uation, even if he desired, to do his wife any harm whatever. The plain
tiff's case, therefore, is not a case of exigency and does not justify the
remission or postponement of fees. She is undergoing no hardships be
cause of her married state. The presiding Judge is, as it were, a trustee
of public funds in all cases where applications are made to remit fees of
litigants and he would be derelict in duty and properly subject to all
manner of criticism if he were to make orders of remission save in cases
of manifest propriety and exigency. A case like that supposed would be
such a case; or a case where there is a drunken father or mother, or both,
and there are small children, subjected to Immoral influences, and the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children were seeking letters of
guardianship, no property rights being affected, is a proper case. In the
one instance the wife would be entitled to public protection and to be placed
in a situation to defend herself; in the other the public itself is interested.
The morals of children are a matter of public interest, for some time they
will come along and take the places we leave vacant, and assume the
tasks we leave unfinished.
In declining to remit the fees of Mr. Monteith's client, the presiding
Judge was polite but firm, and there was no heat displayed save the heat
of Mr. Monteith and no storm except his storm.
The presiding Judge is and has been very often Importuned by a cer
tain class of attorneys to remit fees, but never before has he publicly
been taken to task in such matters for discharging his exact public duty.
Mr. Monteith speaks of the difficulty of justice for the poor. Mr. Mon
teith is mistaken. Justice is equally accessible to all, and is the same for
all. Every one, however, will readily recognize that there is a great dif
ference between the pathos of deserving poverty and *he bathos of Mr.
Monteith. Very respectfully,
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Warren Sexton, an Oroville attorney,
is at the Grand.
C. T. Bliss, a big lumberman of Car
son, Nev., Is at the Palace.
Louis Deane, one of Nevada's leading
cattle men, is at the Russ.
Joseph Paaeholy and wife are among
the arrivals at the Grand.
Alfred Steckler, a New York merchant,
is registered at the Palace.
W. H. Taylor, a prominent merchant of
Livermore, Is at the Baldwin.
D. H. King and wife of Portland have
taken apartments at the Palace. .
Edgar T. Wallace, prominent In mining
circles of Treka, 1b at the Palace.
A. Bettens, manager of Byron Hot
Springs, Is a guest at the Baldwin.
J. H. Dockweiler of Los Angeles, well
known In legal circles, Is a guest at the
Orand. ._
Dr. W. S. Taylor of Livermore arrived
In the city yesterday and registered at
the Palace.
Thomas E. Brady, a prominent mining
operator at Great Falls', Montana, is stay-
Ing at the Palace.
H. N. Savage, a well-known civil and
hydraulic engineer, of National City, is
registered at the Grand.
W. W. Jones and A. B. Wright, of
Stanford University, are among the holi
day arrivals at the Grand.
J. W. Henderson, a prominent banker
of Eureka, and his family have taken
apartmentß at the Lick House.
Bessie Bonehill-Seeley, who will star
at the Orpheum next week, arrived from
the East last evening and took apart
ments at the Baldwin.
Colonel Macfarlane. C. Walters and
daughter, Mrs. A. Allayne Jaynes and F.
A. Hartmann, all of Honolulu, are among
the arrivals at the California. • .
Miss M. Browne and Miss Ethel Root
arrived In the city yesterday from Santa
Paula, a gTowlng city of Southern Cali
fornia, and took apartments at the Lick.
Percy Elder of London, Dr.J. V.Forrest,
a resident of India; Hart Buck of Hong
kong, B. F. Ileinlein of Yokohama, Bler
EDWARD A. BELCHER, Presiding Judge.
ens de Haan of Amsterdam, are among
the arrivals on the Coptic and have taken
apartments at the Palace.
Prominent among- the arrivals at the
hotels are Dante R. Prince of Fresno,
Henry G. Turner of Modesto, C. A. Camp
bell of Red Bluff, T. W. Ward of Visa
lia. E. W. Gilmore and wife of Los Ange
les and C. K. McClatchy of Sacramento.
Ensign P. N. Olmsted, U. S. N.. who
was on the battleship Indiana and wit
nessed the destruction of Admiral Cer
vera'B fleet at Santiago, arrived in the
city yesterday. He took the first train
for Mare Island, where he will be sta
tioned for the present.
Judge Alfred S. Hartwell of Honolulu,
J. K. Farley of Koloa Kauai, H. I.; Paul
G. Fiedler and wife of Yokohama, Dr.
and Mrs. F. M. Griffin of Shanghai, Mrs.
Walter Bramhall of Yokohama, and M.
A. McGillivray of Chieng Mai, Slam, ar
rived on the Coptic last evening and reg
istered at the Occidental.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Sept. 9.-Dr. Stanley Still
man of San Francisco is at the Windsor.
J. Sternberger of San Francisco is at the
Imperial.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
MAIL CONTRACTS — A Subscriber,
Capay, Cal. A person holding an original
mall contract may sublet the same to
another.
THE CLARA NEVADA— T. F., City.
The Clara Nevada left Seattle the last
time in January last, but this department
cannot furnish the exact date.
MAIL TO KOTZEBUE— J. W., Wat
sonville, Cal. During the coming winter
mall will be sent to and from Rotzebue
Sound whenever opportunity offers.
LOTTERY AGESv'CIES— Mrs. U. D.,
Pleasanton, Cal. This department has
time and again announced that it does
not advertise any firm or business. For
that reason it will not advertise "several
places where lottery tickets can be pro
cured by a ladyv^
NOT A PREMIUM COIN-A Reader,
City. A half dollar of 1838 sells at from
75 cento to $1 10, but It Is not a coin for
which dealers pay a premium. In the
majority of cases the amount of pre
miwn that is paid by dealers, for coins, is
so small that It will not leave enough to
pay for car fare.
COST OF A PATENT-W. S., City. The
fees for securing a patent Is the same
whether the invention is a small one or
a great one. The application must be
made in writing to the Commissioner of
Patents at Washington, D. C, and "the
applicant must file in the patent office a
description of the same in full, clear, con
cise terms. He must also furnish a draw
ing of the exact size of the invention, if
the nature of it admits of the furnishing
of such a drawing. If the Commisssioner
requires it. the applicant must furnish a
working model. The fee Is $15, to accom
pany the original application for .a patent,
and $20 for the patent. There are but very
few persons who can properly attend to
the requirements of the patent office
without the assistance of an attorney.
The simplest way for an inventor to se
cure a patent is to engage the services of
a reputable attorney, whose fee for ''a
"small invention" ought not to exceed $30.
FALLING STARS— G. E., Pacheco.
Cal. Astronomers divide meteors into
several classes— aerial meteors, as winds,
tornadoes, etc.; aqueous meteors, as fogs,
rain, snow, hail, etc.; luminous meteors,
as those due to the action of elements in
the air, as rainbows, halos, parahelias.
mirages, etc.; electrical meteors, as
lightning, auroras, etc.; and igneous me
teors, as shooting or falling stars, star
showers, bolides or fireballs, aerolites or
meteorites etc. According to Professor
Newton, the term meteor in later days
has been generally limited to the last
group or igneous meteors. It is univer
sally admitted that igneous meteors are
caused by small bodies which have been
traveling about the sun in their orbits
come to the earth's atmosphere and in
general, burn up. Shooting stars, in tra
versing through space, are consumed.
I here Is no connection between shootimr
stars and the end of the world.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'B.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Trunks, valises, ladies' pocketbooks, let
ter and card cases, alligator bags, travel
ing sets, lap tablets and Mexican carved
leather goods for fall trade have arrived
and now on sate. Playing card?, combs
brushes, mirrors, perfumery and toilet ar
ticles in this department at the lowest
prices. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market •
Plymouth. England, has outgrown at
last the water supply provided for the
town by Sir Francis Drake, 300 years
ago. The old sea rover built a leat or
open aqueduct, twenty miles long' to
bring water from the hills of Dartmoor
to the town. A large reservoir Is to be
built.
First and Second
Class rates again reduced via the Santa Pc
route. Call at the new ticket office, 628 Market.
Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bitters is a sure curt
of diarrhea, dysentery, ill effects of hard
water, fevers, etc.
Keep loOKini? yoiini; ana save your hair, Its color
and beauty with Parkkb's Hair Balsam.
Parker's v i nukii Toxic the best cough curs.
ACKERS ENGLISH REMEDY IS BEYOND
?uestlon the greatest of all modern remedies
t will cure a cough or cold Immediately or
money back. At no Percentage Pharmacy
In Great Britain 99.99 per cent of the
coal used is from the home mines; Ger
many uses 92 per cent of home product
the United States uses 99.2 per cent; Rus
sia, 80 per cent; France, 73 per cent- Swe
den, 10 per cent; Spain, 50 per cent, and
Austria-Hungary, 64 per cent.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I
Baking Powder
Most healthful
leavener in
the world.
Goes farther.
(
i^ BOYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK.
.DRUGGED BY
HER SUITOR
Outrageous Treatment
of Miss Jane Dille.
WAS ACCUSED OF ROBBERY
A DIAMOND RING WITH A
STRING TO IT.
Scoundrelly Conduct of 'Ni Park.
Gives the Girl a Present,
Drugs Her and Causes
Her Arrest.
Miss Jane Dille, a young lady very
respectably connected, was thrtnvn into
prison very early yesterday morning in
Oakland und kept there until late jast
night by a maji whom she and her
mother had every reason to beiieve was
her true friend and protector. Her
story, which i.s borne out by her
mother, is so unusual that for some
Uuie the police were slow to believe it.
liiyuiry has convinced them that it is
true.
Last night Ed Park, who Is believed
to he the motorman of car No. 14 on
the Califi-rnia-street line, went over to
< 'akland and called at the home ot Airs,
ana Miss Dille. He is an olu friend of
the family and was taught his business
by Miss Dille s brother-in-law, uhne
in me nouse, and in the presence of
mother, jt-'arli piaceu a valuable
diamond ring on Miss Dale's linger and
tuid ncr she coulu keep it. At one tune
i/ark ana Uie young lady were engajjed
to be married ana the replacing vi the
ling on her linger was rc&ardea by her
a* sigauicajH probably wl a desue to
renew tte ola acquaintance. When
Park proposed a walk Miss Dille con
efiitea, and later they went to a res
taurant for supper, 'lhe lady accepted
a giass of beer with her iuncn, but
positively refused the whisky that Park
oliered her.
Park then "discovered" that he had
missed the last train to San Francisco,
bo he decided to telephone to the su
lj».-nntcnaent of the line and give an ex
cuse for his absence at the power
house this morning. He told .Uiss Dille,
so she says, that he was afraid to tele
phone, as the superintendent might
recognize his voice, and he asked the
young lady to speak for him. ne
wrote his message on a caru which <
Miss Dille found in her pocket this
morning, and which is now in the j
hands of the police. It reads:
"I am Park. My boy is sick; can
not take out 14 in the morning."
Miss Dille read the message over the
phone, and afterward Park renewed j
his persuasion that she drink some |
whisky. Finally, she consented.
Very early this morning, Park noti- j
(led the police that he had arrested a j
•woman for robbing him at' the Claren
don House. Park said the woman had
rubbed him of a valuable diamond
ring, and he turned his prisoner over
to Officer Ford, saying that later in the
day ho would swear to a warrant
against Miss Dille. Park then left the
prison, and the young lady was then
red on the small book.
Miss Dille told the police that she
had all possible confidence in Park, and
that after taking a drink of whisky she
mix-red nothing more until she
•was in jail. She is positive that she
did nc-t take the ring oft her finger, and
after her arrest she found it in her
clothing at the prison. She says that
Park is not a married man, so far as
She knows, and has no boy, and it vras
only after much solicitation on his
part she consented to deliver his sub
terfuge message to the carhouse.
Attorney W. A. Dow was sent for by
Miss Dille, and after the case was laid
before Judge Wood he at once ordered
her release and the unhappy girl left
the jail with her mother.
Sergeant Morrißon says that Miss
Dille is a girl of sterling character
and he believes her story is perfectly
true. He wrote last night to the su
perintendent of the California-street
line, telling him o-f the manner in which
Miss Dille was treated and sending
him a copy of the message which Park
wrote on the card.
It Is very possible that Park may
have some explanations to make to
some of the male members of the Dille
family.
CONVALESCENT HOME
HAS MANY INMATES
THE BED CROSS SOCIETY'S GOOD
WORK GOES ON.
Donations Dally Received From
Throughout the State — Sol
diers Receiving the
Best of Care.
The restoration tent conducted by the
Ban Francisco Red Cross Society ha 3
been In operation during the past week.
An average of fifty soldiers a day have
been entertained. Those not ill enough
to go to the hospital and not well enough
to eat regular rations are given suitable
food well cooked and served. This in
novation is to prevent convalescents go
ing to the hospital for food.
The society's greatest efforts last week
•were devoted to the new Convalescent
Home at the Presidio, wnich was opened
on Wednesday, and now has twenty pa
tients. The home is under the direction
of the State Society. The local society
Thus furnished the dining and sitting
rooms completely, and has also donated
curtains for the whole house.
Large donations have been received
from Mrs. Kohl of San Mateo, Mrs. L. L.
Baker, Mrs. -Aclvor and others. Dr.
Matthews, physician in charge, has de
cided to allow visitors to call on Tues
. days and Thursdays, between 2 and 4
p. m.
It will be a pleasing sight to those who
visit the hospital to view the comforta
ble table-chairs, lounges, writing desks,
pure white linen, emoroldered by the
young ladies at 16 Post street; table sil
ver, the gift of Mrs. Kohl; lamps, pic
tures, and, in fact, everything that will
add to the comfort of the convalescing
boys.
Magazines and light reading matter
•would be gladly accepted by the society
for use in the new home. Donations were
received by the hospitality committee dur
ing the last week from Miss Cerf, Miss
Rosenbaum, Miss Loring, Mrs. L. L.
Baker, Mrs. Gllmore, Mrs. A. W. Scott,
Miss Tilllnghast, Miss Hastings, Mr. Gull
lette. Mrs. Gibbons, Miss Meyer.
Twenty-three hundred and forty lunches
have been given to the soldiers during
the week by the hospitality committee of
• the San Francisco Red Cross Society.
Some of the Pick who are on their way
home come Into the hospitality rooms in
Fuch a weakened condition that a com
mittee, under Mlsb Elliott, now looks out
for these men. buying their tickets and
Bering them safely on the -boats.
The last donations received were: From
Mi p. David P. Marshall, $3: Mrs. L. L.
Baker, $50; Hamilton Grammar School,
■ $43 35; graduates of Hamilton Grammar,
for Convalescent Home. $10; entertain
ment by Josie Flyshaker and Hazel Ra
mon, $23; Stanford Kindergarten No. 5,
$2 45; friends, $2 25.
The generous friend known at 16 Post
■ street as "grandfather" is requested to
J>tiake more "'lnvalid cards," as they are
Irtreatly appreciated by those too ill to
« hold a book.
y The Government granted the society
permission to supply the division hospital
with a good cook, which has been done.
The Government furnishes the provisions
and the Red Cross sees that they are
nronerly prepared for the sick.
GREAT BISHOP
OF METHODISM
Rev. J. F. Hurst Will
Preach on Sunday.
THE GROWTH OF THE CHURCH
AUTHOR OF MANY STANDARD
RELIGIOUS WORKS.
A Famous Divine Who Has Traveled
Around the World and Held
Many Exalted Positions.
His Career.
The remarkable growths In the United
States during the present century are not
confined to material prosperity or the in
crease of population. The increase in the
Christian church has far outstripped our
advance In population. The most remark
able increase known to the Christian has
been that of American Methodism, as the
following figures show:
Methodism planted in United States In 1776.
Methodist Episcopal Church, organized 17!>4,
with 15,C00 members. Now, totul Of Methodist
communicants, 6,000,000, representing constltu
entey of Z4.C00.000. Original " B. Church, 3,
000.000 communicants, 12,000.000 constituents,
2.7W.000 Sabbath school children, 17,468 pastors,
16,000 locai pre.-ichers. All under direction of 19
active general superintendent! 1 of which Bishop
Hurst ia on«. Churches. 28.114; parsonages,
10,263: property value. J138.000.000. College* and
universities, 53. Total number of schools, 227.
Students, 45.000. Value ol property and endow
ments, less debts, $30.0C0.0rb.
The secrets of this unprecedented de
velopment are many. Not the least
among them is an aggressive policy and
a wise selection of leader?, one of the
greatest of whom is the subject of this
sketch and who will preach Sunday morn
ing in the historic Howard-street church,
between Second and Third streets, at 11
o'clock.
John Fletcher Hurst. LL.D.. Bishop of
the Methodist Episcopal church, was
born near Salem. Dorchester County,
Md.. August IT, 1534. He prepared for col
lege at Cambridge Academy, and grad
uated at Dickinson College in 1554. After
teaoiiing ancient languages for two years
at the tied ding Institute. New York, he
went to Germany, where he studied the
ology In the universities of Halle and
Heidelberg. On his return to the United
States, in the latter part of ISSS. he en
tered the Newark conference and here
had appointments in Irvington, Passaic,
Elizabeth and Staten Island. In the au-
Im of 1566 he took charge of the
)logical department of the Mission In
lte of the German Methodist church
Bremen, Germany, which was after
d removed to Frankfort-on-the-Main,
er the name of the Martin Biblical
Institute, of which he continued as di
rector for three years, visiting, in the
meantime, Russia, the Scandinavian
countries, France, Switzerland. Italy,
Great Britain, Greece, Syria and Egypt.
In ISTI he returned to the United States
to become professor of historical theology
in the Drew Theological Seminary at
Madison. N. J., and was elected presi
dent of that institution in 1573, retaining
bis chair of historical theology.
Dr. Hurst has published a "History of
Rationalism," "Martyrs of the Tract
Cause." "Outlines of Bible History,"
"Life and Literature in the Fatherland,"
"Outlines of Church History" and "Our
I Theological Century." He has translated
[ and edited Hagenbach's "History of the
| Eighteenth and Nineteenth Centuries,"
Van Oosterzee's "Lectures in Defense of
St. John's Gospel," Lange's "Commentary
on the Epistle to the Romans." the
"Moral Essays of L. Annaeus Seneca,"
"Indica," "General History of the Chris
tlan Church" in two volumes, and has
now about completed for the press a his
tory of Methodism, in three parts, In six
folio volumes.
In ISSO he was elected to the Episco
pacy at the early age of 4G, almost with
out precedent In Methodism, and has
felnce traveled all over the. world in the
administration of his office.
MUCH NEEDED WATER.
Spring Valley Has Commenced to
Lay Mains in Precita Valley
and Vicinity.
The denizens of Precita Valley are now
on the c\ J e of realizing their fondest
hopes. They are to have water, not only
for drinking, but in sufficient quantities to
extinguish fires. Already eight-Inch
mains have been hauled and deposited
along Precita avenile from Mission street
to San Bruno road on Alabama street, and
Army to Ripley to Folsom to Army.
About twenty of the latest patterns of
tire plugs will be placed in the valley and
its vicinity. AH the valley now needs is
gas, and as all things come to him who
waits it is expected that the light of the
corporation will soon shine in their
midst.
Rhea Dying From Cancer.
NEW YORK, Sept. y.— A private cable
gram received in this city says that Rhea,
the celebrated tragedienne, is dying at her
chateau in Montmorency, France, from
cancer.
There are at least 10,000,000 nerve
fibers in the human body.
ILLUSTRATING THE LAW OF COINCIDENCES.
THE EXAMINER ORIGINAL CUT.
PERHAPS there is such a thing as the law of coincidences. It may be that as history repeats Itself, so art
repeats itself. Either this is the case or the Examiner is a faker. The public mind naturally recoils from re
garding the Examiner as a faker. That paper published recently a picture supposed to portray American troops
in Manila. The men were represented as engaged in digging- a ditch. Rain was falling, and a general air of
discomfort pervaded the scene. The workers seemed to be weary. In Scribner's Magazine of November, 1897, was
a picture in which men were represented as engaged in digging a ditch. Rain was falling, and a general air of dis
comfort pervaded the scene. The coincidence was sufficient to excite curiosity and a closer scrutiny, which re
vealed that attitude for attitude, line for line, the pictures were the same. The men were the same, the ditch the
same, the air of discomfort a precise duplicate, the scenes identical. Yet the Scribner picture was supposed to
show employes earning their day's wage in the grounds of an Eastern lunatic asylum, and the Examiner one to
show Uncle Sam's soldiers earning their day's wage in the Philippines. The first was published November, 1897,
and the second September 7, ISDS.
Yet the Examiner ig not accused of stealing anything. Oh. dear. no. Attention is merely called to the coinci
dence, which is nothing less than extraordinary. An artist named Potthast did the work for Scribner's, and Mc-
Cutcheon of the Chicago Record is credited with having done the work for the Examiner. In the interest of science
it might be well for these artists to get together and by comparing notes discover the source of their inspiration.
Their researches might throw light upon this law of coincidences, concerning which there 1b now a mystery the pro
foundest mind has failed to clear away. Possibly the Examiner will itself start the Inquiry. Until a solution shall
be forthcoming it must be regarded as a faker, and this Imputation should sting it to hustle. Its spotless reputation
is In peril. Or If the abstruse problem be too much, a frank apology for the apparent theft would be In excellent
taste.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1898.
TO BE A PARK COMMISSIONER.
It has been more than intimated that W. H. Metson Jr., a member of the
well known legal firm of Reddy. Campbell & Metson, will be appointed to
the place on the Board of Park Commissioners left vacant by the expira
tion of the term of Irving M. Scott. Mr. Metson is well qualified in all re
spects for the responsible office to which he will probably be appointed.
It is known that Governor Budd offered the place to the late Dr. John F.
Morse, but the appointment was withheld at the request of Dr. Morse
himself, who hesitated in accepting a trust, involving so much responsibil
ity, in his then condition of health. The appointment of Mr. Metson, when
made, will no doubt, prove to be a popular one.
GREAT MUSICAL STARS
% COMING TO THIS CITY
A GBAND OPERA COMPANY OF
170 PERSONS.
Eighteen French, Italian and G-er
man Operas, Including the
Three Wagner Master
pieces, Promised.
The greatest operatic event In the his
tory of San Francisco will be the three
weeks' season of the grand opera company
which has recently been organized by
Charles A. Kills, who will bring his com
bination of talent, consisting of 170 per
sons, to this city March next. The com
pany will make the trip from Chicago to
the coast without stops. In addition to
the special train of Pullman cars for the
members of the company, there will be a
train or seven baggage cars for scenery,
properties and effects. The expense of
transportation and the rental of Morosco'a
Grand Opera House, where the operas are
to be produced, will be enormous, yet Mr.
Ellis believes that the engagement will
prove profitable, as he has confidence in
San Francisco's pride and ability to sup
port this rreat amusement venture.
This is the first time that Mr. Morosco
has ever consented to allow his house. to
be used for any other purpose than his
own business, although he has had numer
ous tempting offers to deviate from what
has been his settled policy. He is to turn
the house over to Mr. Ellis for this en
gagement in a completely renovated con
dition, which will require its closing for
some little time and the expenditure of a
considerable sum of money.
When the people assemble there they
will undoubtedly indulge in remlniscencps
of Pattl. Gerster, the International Opera
Company, Irving, Bernhardt and other
great stellar attractions in the musical
and mimic world that have shone so bril
liantly in this playhouse. While no thought
of financial loss is entertained, yet it is
not unlikely thai a number of wealthy
and public-spirited men will raise a guar
antee fund to make the engagement an as
sured fact. The success of the enterprise,
however, seems to be beyond question
when Melba's recent engagement here is
taken as a criterion.
There will be operas in French, German
and Italian. The repertoire Includes "Ro
meo and Juliette," "Faust," "La Travi
ata," "The Barber of Seville," "Lucia di
Lammermoor," "Rigoletto." "Alda," "Les
Huguenots," "Carmen." "Mlgnon," "Mar
tha," "Cavalleria Rusticana." "I P.igllac
ci," "La Fille dv Regiment," "Lohengrin,"
"Tannhauser," "Flying Dutchman," "Die
THE SCRIBNER ORIGINAL CUT.
Walkure," "Siegfried," "Die Melstersing
er'' and "The Marriage of Figaro."
The orchestra will be that of the Sym
phony Society of New York. The soprani
and contralti are Mme. Mclba, Mme. Gad
ski. Mile, de Lussan. Mile. Behune, Mile.
Toronta. Mme. Mattfeld. and Mme. Van
Carteren; tenors— M. Bounard, Signer
Pandolfinl, Hf>rr Krauss, Signor Soler,
and Mr. Van Hoose; barytones and bassos
— Herr Stury, M. Bensuade, Heir Steh
mann. M. Boudouresque, Mr. Rains, Sig
nor Vivlani.
It is unnecessary to say anything re
garding' Mme. Melba, as she Is too well
known here to need any words of intro
duction. Mme. Gadskl is the leading
German lyric singer; Herr Krauss is the
greatest German heroic tenor; and Herr
Stury is the most renowned German lyric
tenor. With these arfists and other Ger
man singers It is made possible to produce
the Wagnerian operas and other operas of
that class never before presented in San
Francisco and In as artistic style a3 given
anywhere in the world.
M. Bonnard, the principal French tenor,
is from the Royal Opera in Brussels, and
sang with Melba at Covent Garden in
London this summer. Signor Pandolfini, a
celebrated young tenor from Italy, cornea
from the Grand Opera at Rome. Mile, de
Lussan, the American, who hap received
such a brilliant European success, sings in
French and Itallnn. M. Boudouresque,
who ranks in France with Edouard de
Reszke, is a brother of the great Boudou
resque of thp French Opera. With such
stars the production of the French and
Italian operas cannot be otherwise than
artistically successful.
DENIES THE CHARGES.
Greenwald Claim* He Never Touched
a Begistered Letter While
in San Quentin.
Louis Greenwald, who is accused by
Turnkey Jamieson of having abstracted
$iO from a registered letter while In San
Quentln. makes a complete denial of the
accusation.
"I used to assist Jamieson In his of
fice and clipped the ends off the letters
which he inspected, but I never touched
a registered letter. I remember this cne
letter addressed to Bayard Savllle in par
tisular and saw Jnmleson open It. That
was at least six months ago.
"Ne w that lam away from the prison
and unable to protect myself, he trios to
cast all the blame upon me. I wrote him
a letter this morning and gave him my
address, so if he wants to find me he
knows where I am. If he thought I took
the money he should have accused me
at the time Instead of waiting until I
hnd been out of jail a full month and
presumably far away from here."
Alice Rix writes about the "Last
of the Kahunas" in next Sunday's
Cah.
HIS AIM THE
EXTINCTION
OF POVERTY
Dr. August Greth's
Big Project.
PLANS A PROVIDENT TRUST
NO CAPITAL BEQTJIBED TO
START ON.
In a Year the Doctor Believes That a
Big Membership and a Full
Treasury Would Ba
Developed.
A unique and comprehensive scheme for
the "extinction of poverty" has been
evolved by Dr. August Greth, tho well
known physician of this city. He pro
poses to found a vast co-operative asso
ciation, or rather a series of associations,
which shall offer to any man or woman
•who is willing to work the necessaries
and even the luxuries of life. This new
organization is to be entitled the "Provi
dent Trust Society." ■ The scheme Is of
the same general character as that of
Debs' Social Democracy, but it Is so In
geniously planned that the usual diffi
culties attending the launching of a
socialistic enterprise may be obviated.
No capital will be needed to start on.
The work Is to begin on a safe anil sim
ple basis and advance by chapters of
development, growing gradually more
comprehensive until a full industrial sys
tem, the features of which shall be pnil
anthropy, fraternity and co-operation, is
substituted for the competitive system.
Dr. Greth Is the author of a book, which
is now nearly off the press— an able treat
ise on industrial co-operation, In which
is outlined the plan of the new organiza
tion.
Membership in the society will be ar
ranged m nve classes. In class No. 1 the
dues are to be $1 per month. Members
of this class will receive the services of
a physician and dentist free of charge
and medicines and dental material at cost.
An additional dollar per month will secure
admission to class 2, the members of
which are entitled to a weekly sick bene
fit of $10. Another dollar per month ad
mits the member to class 'i, In which he
is entitled to admission to the society
hospital, if desired. A dollar a month
more is required for membership in class
4, where the insurance feature appears.
The member of this class can take out
a life policy for $1000 and by paying an
other dollar per month will secure a $2000
policy. The policy may be drawn when
the member becomes disabled through
disease or upon reaching the age of 60
years; or he may draw the greater part
of the policy for investment, provided that
the investment is such as to admit of the
society retaining control over it. Class
5, membership In which calls for an ad
ditional dollar per month, affords a per
manent home for members disabled
through sickness or accident or who have
reached the age limit.
Class 1 is to be the basis of the society
— the sun from which the succeeding
classes will develop. All must join this
class before, becoming a member of any
of the others. There will be but this one
class in the beginning, and class 2 will
not be instituted untU sufficient funds
are on hand. to make it practicable. Chil
dren unaer 16 years will be admitted to
classes 1 and 3 only. Those belonging to
all five classes receive free burial at
death, and where two parents who are
members of all five classes leave chil
dren unprovided for, such children are
to be taKen care of by the society in an
institution to be provided for tae purpose.
A stational or State central body is
dispensed with, and the county is made
the unit of organization. District
branches within the county are provided
for.
The funds of the society will be origin
ated and maintained entirely by payment
of dues In the five classes and from the
money which shall thus accrue it is pro
posed to pay all the benefits and confer
all the privileges.
The feature which is expected to assure
the success of the society is the provision
for rebates on all purchases of the neces
saries of life which shall be made at
various stores in all lines or business,
which have agreed to give a rebate of
6 to 15 per cent on all goods purchased by
members. A large number of leading
wholesalers and retailers of this city
have so agreed, considering it a good
business proposition. In this way the
monthly dues will be returned to the
members. The dues are payable in these
rebate checks. Hence the members will
receive all the benefits of the society free
of cost.
The society will hold social and educa
tional meetings at regular intervals, ad
misston to which will be free to all, mem
bers and otherß.
When a sufficient membership is se
cured co-operative production is to be
cautiously begun ana gradually extend
ed, the ultimate aim being to afford em
ployment to all members. . Checks, in
stead of coin, are to be used as a medium
of exchange. The various trades will be
organized into unions, each controlled by
a Doard of managers. The society will
deal directly with these boards instead of
the individuals. When sufficient funds
have accrued it is intended to supply the
necessary means of production, and also
the market for the products.
A board of nine directors will have
charge of the aftairs of the society in
each county, and its action will be inde
pendent of all other boards, subject only
to the provisions of the constitution and
by-laws.
The projector of this colossal scheme.
Dr. Greth, feels the utmost confidence
that the society will ulumately accom
plish all that is designed. When inter
viewed upon the subject yesterday he
said:
"1 know that at the first glance It
seems a vust undertaking, with numerous
possibilities of failure when the more
complex features are initiated. But for
ten years past I have been studying the
subject and shaping the plan of the or
ganization, profiting by the experiences
and errors of like attempts in the past,
adopting those methods which experience
has proved to be successful, w.scardlng
those which have failed and devising
others necessary to forward the work of
a society differing in many important par
ticulars from any that has ever existed.
1 have submitted the plan in its entirety
to the moat successful financiers and ,have
received favorable opinions in every in
stance. By these gentlemen the plan has
been pronounced sound and practical in
all its features. Its success will be due to
the enormous saving made; possible by a
large number of people oq-nperating in the
purchase of the necessaries of life. When
you come to consider that through ihe
system of rebates on purchases the so
ciety offers all of its far-reaching bene
fits practically free of cost, there can be
no doubt of its success. We are now
about ready to begin the enrollment of
members in class No. 1. About 200 per
sons have already stated their willingness
to join, and over seventy business houses
have offered to sign our reoate agreement.
We have also secured the services of a
sufficient number of leading physicians
and dentists. "Within a year I expect the
society to have a membership of 20.000 and
a working capital of $100,000 or more."
DIED FROM HIS INJURIES.
Simon Lafferty, a Laborer, Was
Struck by an Electric Car.
A. D." Allen, a motorman on the San
Francisco and San Mateo electric road,
surrendered himself at the SevantPenth-
Btreet police station yesterday and was
taken to the City Prison by Detectives
Fitzgerald and Graham, where a charge of
manslaughter was booked against him.
He was released on his own recognizance
by Judge Joachimsen.
While a gang of laborers was engaged
working on the track at Eighteenth
street on September 8. Simon Lafferty,
one of the men, was struck by Allen s
car. He was taken to St. Luke's Hospi
tal, where it was found that five of his
ribs were broken, besides his collarbone.
He died September 5, and the cause of
death was given as peritonitis, brought on
by a shock.
WHS GUILTY
OF NEGLIGENCE
Captain Cameron of the
Amarapoora Retired.
HIS LICENSE IS REVOKED
UNITED STATES CONSUL WILD
MAN'S DISPATCH BOAT LOST.
Supposed to Have Gone Down in a
Typhoon While on Her Way
From Hongkong to
Manila.
The Occidental and Oriental Company's
steamer Coptic arrived from Hongkong
via Yokohama and Honolulu yesterday
with sixty-eight cabin and eighteen Eu
ropean steerage passengers and 401 Chi
nese. The run from Honolulu was made
In the fast time of five days twenty
hours and forty-eight minutes. The
transports Arizona and Scandla were
both in Honolulu when the mall steamer
arrived. The Arizona made a very fast
trip down, and would have broken the
record had she not been delayed by a
slight acccldent to her machinery-
The Coptic brings the news that Cap
tain W. D. Cameron of the British
steamer Amarapoora has been suspended
for six months* for the careless naviga
tion of his vessel in Chinese waters. The
Amarapoora was a most unfortunate ves
sel, and her agents here were never out
of hot water while she was on the coast.
She was libeled in almost overy port
from Panama to Puget Sound, and she
only got away from Tacoma after set
tling a libel suit brought by the crew.
After Captain Cameron had settled all
his troubles he loaded the Amarapoora
with lumber for Taku, China. A few
weeks later he had to put into Yoko
hama with the machinery out of order.
Then more lawsuits followed, and it was
months before the vessel was repaired
and everything settled. On May 2 last
another start was made, and five days
later she was run ashore on the south
east promontory of Shantung. A board
of inquiry, held In Shanghai last month,
decided that the Amarapoora was suffi
ciently manned and seaworthy, but that
the necessary charts were not aboard,
and that Captain Camjeron navigated his
vessel in a reckless manner. He was
granted a mate's certificate during his
six months" suspension aB master.
The crew of the Amarapoora have not
received a cent of pay since they left
Tacoma last year, and they are now try
ing to have the vessel and cargo sold in
order to get something out of the wreck.
The wreck of the American ship Bar-
Ing Bros, was sold at auction while the
Coptic was at Yokohama, and the cap
tafn and crew will come home on the
next steamer. The hull cannot have been
as badly damaged as at first supposed,
as it brought 5200 yen (about $3000), while
the manganese ore which formed part of
her cargo brought 2500 yen, and the
salved portion of her cargo, of curios 667
yen. The burning of the ship is shroud
ed In mystery, as the consular court of
Inquiry threw no light on the subject
whatever.
The Coptic brings the news from Hong
kong that the American steamer Wln£
foo, Captain Sherman, is supposed to
have gone down with all hands. During
the war United States Consul General
Wlldman chartered the Wingfoo to car
ry dispatches to Admiral Dewey at Ma
nila. The little vessel (she is only 67
tons burden) got badly battered in a
storm and had to put back to Hongkong
without delivering her dispatches. She
was then chartered to carry a load of
kerosene to an American firm in Manila.
Soon after she left Hongkong she was
caught in a storm and had to put Into
St. Johns Island with her boilers shifted.
After repairing another start was made,
and being caught In another gale she had
to put Into Herling San Harbor for shel
ter. Another start, another storm, and"
Captain Sherman put into Hoikow. She
was again fixed un and her bow headed
for Manila, since which time she has not
been heard of, and her owners fear that
she has gone down In a typhoon.
The steam schooner Laguna arrived
from Bear Harbor yesterday with the re
mains of First Mate Smith of the steamer
Westport aboard. Smith lost his life
through the ship's boat capsizing whilo
he was running a line from the Westport
to the wharf. His body was not recov
ered until after the Westport sailed for
San Francisco.
Frank Peterson of Stockton has a griev
ance against the harbor police. He lost
atssoa t sso bill on the steamer T. C. Walker,
so he says. and is mad all over because
Captain Punleavy did not recover it the
moment the steamer docked. Peterson
left Stockton with avowed intention of
showing the San Francisco Native Sons
how to celebrate Admission day. Ho
paid for a round-trip ticket and then had
three $50 bills and some loose change left.
The bills he thrust carelessly Into his
coat pocket and the change into his trou
scis socket and then went to bed. In
the morning one of the bills was gone. He
was distracted over his loss, telling Ser
geant Tom Ma'honey again and again that
he couldn't begin to have a celebration on
$100. That sum was all right for a
starter, but he must have that other $60
to wind up the day on. He got out. a John
Doe warrant, but hadn't the faintest Idea
whom he wanted arrested, and then he
thought it would be a good idea to libel
the snip, but couldn't do It because of ihe
holiday. Finally Peterson started up
town to celebrate on the $100.
The pilot boat Bonita went out with a
large party of excursionists yesterday.
The yachts were followed during the rac
ing and a most enjoyable time was spent.
Among those who went on the Bonita
were President E. P. Eppinger, Secretary'
H. T. Emery and Chief Clerk J. Dalley
of the Merchants' Exchange.
There were plenty of picnics yesterday
and the new ferry depot was crowded in
consequence all day. The League of the
Cross Cadets were the first to get away
for Glen Ellen, and they were followed
by the St. Brendan's parishioners, who
went to Shell Mound Park, St. Patrick's
parishioners, who went to Schuetsen Park,
and the Pioneers, who went to El Campo.
. The steamship Australia, which sailed
on her first voyage since her release as a
troop ship by the Government. Septem
ber 1, would sail on her next regular date,
September 21. but it has been found that
she will be. detained several days longer
In Honolulu, and her next date of sailing
from San Francisco has accordingly been
set for Saturday, September 24. With this
alteration the. regular schedule of dates
will in all likelihood be maintained.
George Hefi'erdlne. of the University of
California, swam the Golden Gate yes
terday, lie crossed from Lime Point and
was accompanied by J. P. Dean and Gus
Brnacha In a boat.
The tu.<?s Monarch and Rescue start to
day to tow another raft of sawn lumber
here from Astoria. Two others have
reached here in a broken up condition,
but the builders are not discouraged.
Under a Chinese Laundry Wagon.
Evangeline Lennon, a little girl aged
seven years, was run over by a Chinese
laundry wagon driven by Gong Wan on
San Carlos avenue yesterday afternoon.
The little girl, whose parents reside at
366 San Carlos avenue, on finding that
she was not injured, declined to have
the Chinaman arrested.
The Mongolian on seeing what he had
done became terribly frightened. As
soon as he found it safe he ran away like
a scared wolf, leaving his wagon and con
tents behind to take care of Itself. He
returned, however, on being assured
that no Injury would be inflicted.
Swallowed a Needle and Died.
A tailor In Chicago arcldentallj' swallowed
a needle and died aa a result of the Infiam-
I tnatlon set up by the small needle. Little
! things frequently have great power, as Is seen
i In a few small doses ot the famous Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters, which, however, ha* an en
tirely different effect from the needU In this
notice. The Bitters make nervous, weak and
sickly persona strong and well again. They are
_b\lbo good for dyspepsia and constipation.
HIS RESCUER
CAME TOO LATE
Jas. Kennedy Drowned
Off Hunters Point.
HAD BEEN SAVED ONCE
JUMPED AFTER HIS HAT AND
SAVED BY A BOATMAN.
The Same Man Tried to Beach. Him
the Second Time bu
failed in the At
tempt.
James Kennedy was drowned In the
bay off Hunters Point yesterday after
noon a.fter having been once rescued
by Martin Burnett, who is employed on
the wharf. Burnett made an attempt
to save Kennedy the second time he
saw the man in the water, but failed
to reach him before he sank.
Kennedy, with a companion named
Hutchinson, had been fishing on tha
wharf during the afternoon. Shortly
before 4 o'clock Kennedy's hat blew
into the water and he being slightly
intoxicated Jumped in after it. Bur
nett noticed that Kennedy was making
but little progress toward shore after
reaching his hat so took a boat and
brought the man safely to the wharf.
A half-hour after this Kennedy was in,
the water again and according to per
sons who saw him he seemed to be
showing his friend how well he could
swim. He soon began to call for help
and Burnett again went after him in
a boat, but reached him too late.
The police, to whom the drowning:
was reported, believe that Kennedy waa
taken with a cramp, but no one who
saw the affair seems to know just how
he came to be in the bay the second
time. It was at first reported that
Kennedy had Jumped from the boat
after Burnett pulled him from the
water and another story Is that he lost
his hat a second time and went after it
again.
The body went down inside the cur
rent where the water is twenty-five or
thirty feet deep, but employes on the
wharf think it can be recovered to-day.
Kennedy was employed by the Union
Iron Works. He was a married man
and leaves two children besides the
widow. The family lives at the corner
of Twenty-eighth and Sanchez streets.
CASSIUS IL CLAY IS A
BLUE-GRASS WIDOWER
Marriage Contract Between the An-
cient Kentuckian and His
Child-Wife Dissolved.
LOUISVILLE, Sept. 9.— A special to the
Evening Post from Richmond, Ky. , says:
General Cassius M. Clay, the sage of
White Hall, has been granted a divorce
from his girl-wife, Dora Richardson Clay,
by Judge Scott of the Madison County
court. The decree restores defendant to
her maiden name. The suit for divorce
was filed several weeks ago, and as it waa
not contested by the defendant every ef
fort was made to hurry it through tha
courts. No reference was made to all
mony, as It was understood by the at
torneys and the court that General Clay
had already made ample provision for his
wife by the purchase of a large and pro
ductive farm near her old home. The
marriage contract which existed between
them was dissolved.
BOBBED AND BEATEN.
Chicago Shipping Clerk Held TTp by
Three Footpads.
CHICAGO, Sept. 9.— As bold a robbery
as was ever committed occurred yesterday
at the south end of the Ashland-avenue
bridge. A. J. Hahn, shipping clerk for the
Webster Manufacturing Company, was
crossing the bridge on a bicycle, carrying
$622 intended for the weekly pay roll. As
he reached the south end of the bridge ho
was attacked by three men, who knocked
him from his bicycle, dragged him into a.
freight yard, ripped open the valise con
taining the money and made ther escape
without interference. Hahn made a fight
for the valise, but was beaten on the
head with a revolver until insensible. His
skull is fractured and he may die. There
is no clue to the robbers.
MUST PAY THE DEATH PENALTY
Delaware Supreme Court Approves
the Sentence of Bey. Mr. Fisher.
DOVER, Del., Sept. 9.— The Delaware
Supreme Court has sustained the decision
of the lower court which imposed sen
tence of death upon Rev. William H.
Fisher of Wilmington, charged with
breaking into the house of Mrs. Maria
Hunt of that city at night for the pur
pose of committing an assault. Fisher
has been sentenced to be hanged on Oc
tober 7.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ever
Drink Coffee?
Americans Best
THAT'S THE Cnff A A
. .• . .. :. r i};^ r VVrJLIwW.
try it
YOU SAVE
5 Cents per S*l ££
Pound on V^OllCw
111 Cents per * I f
.lv Pound on 1 CcLiS
AND GET A
Beautiful Present
'with Each Pound
Free
' H wr I~^ 1"^
M.;' ml\ ft -4 II -4
Great American Importing Tea Co.*s
MONEY-SAVING STORES
861 Market st., oppo- . 705 Lnrkin st.
site Powell. 1419 Polk st.
140 Sixth st. . . 1819 Devisadero «V
118 Third st. 2008 Fillmore st.
1 506 Kearny st. : ■ 621 Montgomery ay«.
146 Ninth st. 1190 Kentucky st.
2510 Mission st. 3285 Mission st. ■ '
3006 Sixteenth st. - 62 Market it.
I 355 Hayes st. " ,';" ." • ■* -. .
OAKLAND STORES
1053 Washington st. 131 Ban Pablo ' art.
917 Broadway. . , 616 E. Twelfth »L
• 1610 Seventh ' «t. ■; ''■
ALAMEDA- 1355 * Park St. •
Illustrated Catalogue mailed- FREE •*
application. -• >
78
TO INVESTIGATE
BLUNDERS OF THE
WAR DEPARTMENT
President McKJnley Decides to
Appoint a Commission for
the Purpose.
Secretary Alger Opposed Such Action, But
Was Finally Compelled to fall in
Line.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1808,
by Janiea Gordon Bennett.
NEW YORK, Sept. 9.— The Herald
correspondent sends the following from
Washington: President McKinley has
so far heeded the voice of public opin
ion that he has decided to order an
investigation of the blunders of the
War Department. It is not yet offi
cially admitted that the President has j
decided upon this course. All that is
acknowledged is that Secretary Alger
has asked for such an investigation.
Secretary Alger, however, only asked
for an investigation after the President
had plainly made him understand it
was his desire that such a request
Should be made. The Secretary of War
did not want an Investigation. He did
not think it necessary. Secretary Alger
pointed out that the flt-st r<morts of the
conditions at the camps had been i
shown to have been exaggerated, and I
he thought if matters were allowed to
go on without an investigation, the
■weak spots would be discovered and
SENATOR GEORGE GRAY.
MEN WHO WILL
ARRANGE PEACE
America's Commission
ers Announced.
GRAY THE FIFTH MEMBER
VIEWS ENTERTAINED BY REP
RESENTATIVES.
Will Be Instructed to Demand the
Cession of Luzon Island as
a Coaling and Naval
Station.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 9.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
followine-: As announced to the French
Embassador and by him transmitted to
Madrid, the peace commission will in
clude: William R. Day of Ohio, Sec
retary of State, who is opposed to the
acquisition of all of the islands of the
Philippine group; Senator Cushman K.
Davis of Minnesota, an ardent expan
sionist; Senator V. P. Frye of Maine,
who favors the retention of the Phil
ippines; Whitelaw Reid of New York,
who favors the retention of the Phil
ippines; Senator George Gray of Dela
ware who is opposed to the acquisition
of foreign territory.
Notwithstanding the different views
of tho American representatives the
President is satisfied they will be will
ing unanimously to carry out the in
structions which he has prepared for
them.
There is every reason to believe that
the President will instruct the Commis
sioners to demand the cession of the
Island of Luzon to the United States as
a coaling and naval station.
Further than this there is reason to
believe that the President will not per
mit the Commissioners to go. The Com
missioners will also be instructed to
name Guam Island as the one of the
Ladrone group to be held by the United
States.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 9.— The President
to-day named Senator George Gray of
soon everything would be moving along
efficiently and harmoniously.
President McKinley did not agree
with his Secretary of War. The Presi
dent was ur^ed to order an investiga
tion not only by, newspapers all over
the country, but by letters from promi
nent men, without regard to party, and
by some members of his Cabinet as
well. The result was that Secretary
Alger finally, on the eve of his depart
ure from Washington, wrote a letter
asking that a commission be appointed
to Inquire into all the allegations of
mismanagement in connection with the
army.
President McKinlev has tendered
places on the proposed commission to
investigate the War Department in re
lation to the conduct of the Hispano-
American war to Lieutenant General
Schoiield, former commanding general
of the army, i > ex-Senator John B.
Gordon of Georgia and to former S c
retary of "\. ar L,a:nont. It is probable
also that a retired medical officer of
high rank will be selected. The com
mission is to be named in time to meet
next Thursday, September 15.
Delaware as the fifth member of the
Peace Commission. This completes the
personnel of the commission, which stands
as follows: Secretary Day, Senators Da
vis. Frye and Gray and Hon. Whitelaw
Reid. In the selection of Senator Gray
the President has given the Democrats
representation on the commission.
OPPONENTS WERE
OUT OF THE WAY
So There Was, Nothing to Hinder
Manuel Estrada Cabrera Be-
ing Elected President.
Special cable to The Call and the New Tork
Herald. Copyrighted, 189S, by .James Gor
dun Hennett.
PANAMA. Colombia, Sept. 9.— The Her
ald's correspondent in Guatemala cables
that Manuel Estrada Cabrera has been
elected constitutional President by an
overwhelming majority. According to the
returns he received 315,936 votes. There
was no real opponent to his candidacy.
His two opponents were Prospero Morales
and Jose Leon Castillo. The former as
reported in the Herald, died after being
captured in a cave, almost starved, during
the recent revolution. Castillo took refuge
several weeks ago In the Mexican Lega
tion, where he is still supposed to be. The
election was therefore a foregone conclu
sion. It Is difficult at present to foreshad
ow events, but there are forebodings of
evil.
PROBABLY FATAL FALL.
Harry Mowray's Mishap at the Sa
linas Sugar Factory.
SALINAS, Sept. 9.— This evening, as the
men were about to quit work at the
sugar factory, a riveter named Harry
Mowray, working on the third floor on
the crystallizer drums, slipped and fell
to the ground, a distance of thirty-eight
feet. When picked up he was uncon
scious and bleeding profusely. Medical
aid wast summoned and it was found that
the injured man had sustained a fracture
of the right thigh a severe cut on the
head and internal injuries. Mowray is a
resident of Oakland, single, and 32 years
of age. His condition is considered ex
tremely critical.
WATSONVILLE'S BABIES WIN.
WATSONVILLE, Sept. 9.-The Athlet
ics of San Francisco and the Watsonvlllea
crossed bats here to-day In an exhibition
game for a large purse in the presence
of a big crowd, and tho Babies suc
ceeded in putting to sleep the hoodoo
which has been with them since their
entrance into the State League. They
batted McLaughlin so severely that he
was replaced by Rlley in the fifth inning
The Babie6 batted and fiolded in a thor
ough manner. Their victory has aroused
great local enthusiasm. The batteries
were Donlln and Hartman, and McLaugh
lin, Riley and Peters. The score was 15
to 6.
Bead about Uncie Sam's new .tlas
and the stories it tells in next Sun
day's Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1898.
WILL BURY THE
"LITTLE GIANT"
UNDER LAVA
Popo -Silverite Vol
cano in Eruption.
TURNED-DOWN DELEGATES
THEY HAVE A BIG AX TO CHOP
THE MAGUIREITES.
While the Henchmen of the Unholy
Triumvirate Squabble the
Republicans Are Stand
ing Together.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 9.— The Ma
guire Popo-Silverite volcano is again
in eruption, and one by one the turned
down delegates to the Sacramento Con
vention are making their appearance
upon the scene. They are hungry for
pap and the spoils of local offices are
about to be given out to the famishing
henchmen of the triumvirate. The all
absorbing question at present is as to
who will get the rich fruit of the har
vest—the offices with fat salaries at
tached. So far, however, the fußion
committee has been unable to come to
any agreement regarding the division
of the spoils.
The Silver Republicans demand the
two Senatorial nominations and the
District Attorney of the county for a
starter, and such other offices as they
may be able to secure. They want J.
Noonan Phillips for District Attorney,
against whom there is a strong oppo
sition on the part of the anti-fusion
Populists.
While in the Democratic wing of the
alliance there is a diversity of opinion
as to who shall have the nomination
for District Attorney from among their
number, the Dr. Hill faction is strain
ing every nerve to secure the place for
C. C. Wright as against J. B. Dock
weiler, whose friends insist that unless
he is given the place there will be
trouble. No time has yet been fixed for
the holding of the three county con
ventions, and the rank and file of the
Democratic, Populist and Silver Re
publican parties are beginning to won
der where they are at. As matters now
stand they are all at sea, and the only
consolation offered '.em are the mis
takes the local party leaders brought
home from the State Capitol.
Even the fiery Patton has kept him
self in the dark of late, and his voice
has been silent in the council halls of
his party since he, together with the
other McNab-Alford-Gould braves,
were so artistically scalped at the
State convention. In fact all the en
thusiasm promised for the ticket head
ed by the "little spotted »giant" has
died out, and the most prominent fig
ure in the ranks of the fusionists here
is Nathan Cole, the father of the Sil
ver Republican -arty, who is growing
prematurely old trying to make him
self believe that the silver question is
still a live issue.
On the other hand the Republicans
are hard at work, both for the local
and State interest of the ticket, and
notwithstanding the heated contests
between the different candidates for lo
cal offices at the caucuses held through
out the county last night all factions
are united and working in harmony for
the success of the whale ticket. The
various Republican clubs all over the
county are daily increasing their mem
bership and every preparation is being
made for a vigorous and successful
campaign.
The great ratification meeting held
here last Saturday was of such as
tounding magnitude and evinced such
enthusiasm for Henry T. Gage, Re
publican candidate for Governor, that
it seems to have effectually squelched
the whole conglomeration of Maguire
lsm.
The first document of the campaign
was Issued by the Silver Republican
party, which is making a kick against
Russell J. Waters, the Republican can
didate for Congress in the Sixth Dis
trict. Waters, in his speech at Haz
ard's Pavilion, handled both the Popu
list and Silver Republicans without
gloves. Mr. Waters is a man of busi
ness. He has been successful in every
thing he has undertaken. He is a man
of sound Judgment and is possessed of
great executive ability. He is not a
politician in any sense of the word. If
he has a thing to say he says it with
out fear or favor and any attempt on
the part of his enemies to belittle him
in the eyes of the voters of the Sixth
District will but strengthen him in
their estimation. Being fearless and
independent in all things, he is Just
the kind of a man to represent the in
terests of the people of his district and
the voters may rest assured that once
he has announced himself he will stay
by what he promised.
So the little "dodger" issued by the
Silver Republicans not only failed to
effect its object, but, on the contrary,
redounded to Mr. Waters' interest.
Republican primaries will be held
throughout the county Saturday and
the convention will convene at Haz
ard's Pavilion Monday morning at 10
o'clock. Judge Works will probably be
elected chairman of the convention, al
though he is not a candidate, but is be
lieved to be the choice of a majority of
probable delegates. The other candi
dates are E. H. Meserve and Judge
Variel, with Frank F. Davis and Judge
J. W. McKinley as being in the run for
the place.
It is expected that the convention
will last at least three days as there
are a large number of candidates for
each office and it will take up much
time for each roll call, ;is the conven
tion is a large one, numbering 743 dele
gates. Many warm but friendly con
tests are expected to occur and a lively
time is anticipated.
FAVORABLE TO TELLER.
Indications of a Tri-Party Fusion in
Colorado.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Sept. 9,— The
probabilities to-night seem to point to a
fusion of Democrats, Populists and the
Teller branch of the Silver Republicans.
At 8 o'clock this evening th,e conventions
met and the several fusion committees
reported that satisfactory progress was
being made toward tri-party fusion and
that they hoped to be able to report at
10 o'clock to-morrow morning. Adjourn
ment was then taken till that hour.
Utah Republican Convention.
SALT LAKE, Sept. 9.— The Republican
State Convention was called to order in
the opera house this morning by W. K.
Walton, chairman of the State committee'
Ex-United States Senator Arthur Brown
was made permanent chairman and F j
Her^ershot of Weber County permanent
secretary.
Chief Justice Zane was nomina+ed for
Supreme Judge and Alma E. Eldredge for
Congressman.
A California girl write*, about her
visit to the Pope in next Sunday's
Call.
DENUNCIATION OF
THE YELLOW FAKER
British Consul General Kenny
Nails an Examiner Annex
ation Lie,
HONOLULU, Aug. 31, via Victoria, B. C, Sept. G.— British
Consul General Kenny requests The Call to officially deny the au
thenticity of the statement in reference to his views on annexation,
published in the Examiner, purporting to be signed by him. He
never wrote any letter, and the publication is a perversion of his
views as well as an unpardonable liberty in using his name to the
article.
HON. B. M. LELONG, SECRETARY OF THE STATE BOARD OF
HORTICULTURE, WHO WILL APPEAR BEFORE THE PO
LICE COURT AT SACRAMENTO TO-DAY TO ANSWER A
CHARGE OF FAST DRIVING. V. S. McCLATCHY OF THE
BEE IS THE COMPLAINING WITNESS.
CYCLIST INJURED
BY FAST DRIVERS
Result of a Road Race at
Sacramento.
TWO OFFICIAL WW-BREAKERS
WERE SPEEDING THEIB HORSES
AT NIGHT.
V. B. McUlatchy of the Bee Prefers
Charges and the Case Will
Be Tried ii*
Court.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 9.— Ouite a
sensation was enjoyed by Sacramento,
dozing in the quiet of a holiday to
day, when police officers arrested B.
M. Lelong, secretary of the State Board
of Horticulture, and David Reese, Un
der Sheriff of Sacramento County.
The arrests were made on complaint
of V. S. McClatchy, business manager
of the Bee. The defendants secured
ball, and they will probably appear in
the City Justice's Court to-morrow
mornin- to answer to the charge which
McClatchy is going to pres3 against
them.
McClatchy owns a wheel and Lelong
and Reese owns horses in which they
take pardonable pride. McClatchy was
riding out X street last night on his
way home, when he heard the mad
clatter of hoofs behind him. The clat
ter grew more fi I more ominous, and
the newspaper man deemed the time
opportune for disappearing. He sought
ADVERTISEMENTS. ?
00 o 00 00 00 o o oopoooooooo oooooooooogoo
I C\ DB. SANDEN'S |
I^, v INVENTION! I
o *%t , ' '^JjJBSx N° Wore Rheumatism, o
SI ' C^llW^i^^M No More Lame Back » ©
2 kWMf • Kidney Troubles, g
o »^Ti^^^l^ Nervous, Debility, Etc. o
° /tS?^ v*B^^HmWjB 'I" "uuati .if 11 disease and O
f> 'W^ w«iiiint:tis la overcome by this O
O ?'^\ irreiit life rene\vt>r. N Dr. Sanden'3 q
O Bid trifl Btlt, "ft
? It pours Electricity Into the b<u]y fnr'hourn at n time, building up O
!T It pours Electricity lnt<i tlm burly fin- hours Ht n tinio, hulldln^ up O
° vitality and restoring nil' th« oruiiim to thrir natural healthy condition. , q
o IT ' MAKES MEN STRONG. ?
o °
I a Over 10,000 men prttl.lo It.; l,Hlcn< nf ttii<l<-« are received from all o
** over the land. : -Weak moil, try 11— weak ■wonifln,' It will cure you. Send -»
O f or free book telling all about it. < •c.rmuliutltui free. .
O--.- ■- ■■■ v- . " ' :. . : ■■■ . --:-". I; . ■ -.^:'.O
O DR. A. T. SANDEN, *— — — — — -t- 1 * ©
O;: 702 Market Street, Corner Keirny, 8»n rr»noiiJ»i}V. ' NOT IN DRUG STORES. #O
O.*: - Office hwirs, Ba.m.toB p. m. BundnyH, in ;'. - : '-—--;.-■ ; O
O to 1. Branches at Ix)s Angeles, Cat., 232 West Dr. Banden'a ' Electric Belt n
!T Second Btreet:-Portland,Or.,v2sSf Washington ' .l« never sold In , drug ' stores *»
etreet; Denver, Colo., 931 ' Sixteenth ; street; . i V M>or, by 1 traveling agents; only O
O . Dallas, i Tex., : 255 ■ Main street; liutte, Mont., . : at our office. . ,
Jr, 110 North Main street. . , • if.- — — — : * ©
OO 00 000 0 0 0000 00000 000000000 O O OOb OO
to do so when he was caught by one
of the vehicles which either ran over
him or struck him violently, and he
was thrown to the ground and his
wheel completely demolished.
McClatchy, as h_- flew through the air
caught sight of Secretary Lelong whip
ping up his steed in a mad endeavor to
take a fall out of the pride of Under
Sheriff Reese, who was in the lead and
gaining-. Lelong did not come back to
see about the disposal of the remains of
his victim, but continued out a couple
of miles and must have won the race,
because the Under Sheriff left the field
free for him, while he turned around
and drove back after a lost whip.
The Bee manager secured the names
of witnesses, and took a carriage
home. This morning he went to the
police station and swore out warrants
for the arrest of the racers. He told
them that he had the friendliest feel
ings in the world for them, but that
he was going to teach them and all
other fast drivers a lesson just the
same.
The ordinance under which Lelong
and Reese will be prosecuted places
the maximum fine at $500 and impris
onment not exceeding ten days.
Interest is added to the occurrence
by the statement of the Under Sheriff
that Lelong drove up to him and gave
Reese's steed a couple of sound welts
in order to provoke a race. Reese says
he could not hold In his horse, which
has a 2:10 record, and he was obliged
to engage in the contest.
The Capital City Wheelmen are in
terested in the case, saying that there
is altogether 100 much fast driving
within the city limits, producing
among the wheelmen an epidemic of
the dreaded bicycle face. X street has
Just been macadamized its entire dis
tance, and the natives cannot resist
the temptation to have a try-out of
speed every time they get on the
smooth driveway.
PRESENT LULL IN
THE DREYFUS CASE
PARIS, Sept. 9.— There is a lull in the
Dreyfus case. It Is believed that the
real difficulty In the way of revision is
that the only documents really relied
upon are those said to have been ob
tained illicitly from a foreign Embassy
and the Government is beginning to
doubt the authenticity of these. A wmi
ofl'.clal note issued to-day denies that any
foreign Government has made any sort
of communication to the French Gov
ernment relative to the Dreyfus case.
AJVEBTISEMENTS. - -_ _
© can get it anywhere* It is as pop- ©
§ ular as sunsliine and almost as @
§ universal It satisfies that dry taste @
in^the mouth better than anything 2 -
8 dse, and you can buy a larger piece x
© of Battle Ax for 10c* than of any ©
ft other kind of high grade quality* g
i the mbq . 1
I ■ wfiaa you buy again. 5
©®@©©®©®©©©®©©©®®©©©®oo©o
r7V^^| and TUMOR
3 i No KNIFE"or PAiN
0 Pa y Vj}} il Cured
HT ■^^ff^r-^'-rt- 1 '•yi^'S Anylumpln owmuan's
'OSi^^Ssr : 3s^*j£i'®3 brocst Is cancer. Tho pol-
Ife^ifej^^^^^ pit. lflargelt!stooU:o.
" s^^^&^'i^r k><^"^^ ilcn's face and Up a com-
& O^ E 6 £°- r '«- ; '- Cook Ecnt free
II tLS >W twltfchundredsoraddresses
'»^[--p^ |B[ r^^' of honest cures. No FbaCD.
8. R.CHAMLEY, M. 0., 17 & ! 7 Third St.. k'R Market St.
SEND TO SOME ONE WITH CANCER
14 and 16
Kearny Street,
Formerly 427 Kearny.
WEES RALSTON STILL
dßfi&Sigse3_ t Si 1^ Is the only ens made that
" JF^le§k?sl I VIU furnlsh .absolutely
WATER.
f The RALSTON STILL
Is the only ens made that
will furnish absolutely
PU DRINKING WATER.
Jg Indorsed by the Ralston
JSgagwsp^J^iCy Health Club. Bend or call
,\S^g#y*g^r for particulars. .;:.-;■.■.-'
fe%K^^K-^3f THE JUSTINIAN CAIRE CO.
fl! M Sole Agents,
|TaK J l rff^iiitfi-g» > ■ 621 Market St., San Francisco
§VI 8 DR. JORDAN'S Great
$||b Museum of Anatomy
I ilra\ 2051 JIASEIT ST. let 6ti ft 7th, B. T. Cal.
BSa The La7gastofHiklndinth«^orld.
I^M\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Consultation free. Write Tor i:»»k
H I (f Philosophy of Marriage.
Jbt Id MAILED FRCE.
X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNET-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claua tipreckels Bids.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, ill California St.. below FowalL
Ean Francisco. .-■.■.■,.- -v
I
In Loveland, Colorado, there is a man named Park, who is en-
gaged in merchandising, and he calls his place the "Golden Rulf
Store." When opportunity offers, this gentleman never fails to recom-
mend Ripans Tabules and to give his own experience with them, which
he relates as follows: "For fully twenty-five years I have been an
asthmatic. As a general thing throughout the winter, I have to re-
main indoors at least three or four days in each month. I have suf-
fered a great deal — yet all the precautions I might take did not keep
me free from these terrible attacks., About eighteen months ago I
commenced taking RIPANS TABULES to regulate my stomach. X
am of a bilious temperament, and as soon as I become bilious I am
sure to have attacks of asthma. The Tabules keeps my stomach all
right, and for the past year I have not been confined to the house at
all. My asthma is not cured — but the attacks are very slight. I_uso
on an average two Tabules every Sunday, one on Wednesday aoo on«
•a Friday."
S w PALACE W 2
gG/?/l/VD "O-ZSfeSg
jl SAN FRANCISCO. q"
-** Connected by a covered passageway. ;
© i4OO Rooms— With Bath Attached. **
O ' All Under One Management, • O
O NOTE THS PRICEB: :" O
I* European Plan. Bl .OO per day and upward rt
V American Plun.s3.<K) per day and upward **
{% Correspondence Solicited. " Q
q JOHN C. KIRKPATSICK, Maniger. q
CO OOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO
MAKE PERFECT MEN
• I»O 51OT DESPAIR ! DonotSaf-
/f55Q".fEa. for Longer! The joys and arabitions.of
' fi£?^^K"*l 6 can berehtoreato yr.u. Tlie very
rws ' Kffl worst cases of \ervnu» I>ebllltyare
SDO XOT DESPAIR ! l>o not Suf-
fer Longer! The joys uuii ambitioncof
life can be restored to you. The twj
worat cases of Nervous DtWl!lj ar«
absoiuteiy cured by FJCItFKCTO
*£L TABLfeTS. Give prompt reliei toun-
Vi^f ""•'rfcSrili'omnia, failing memory and thevacta
»«KsiS^Mr and drain of vital powers, incurred by
TrjSrCSKgKafr indiscretions or excesses of early years.
*•"' \*&>™" Impart vipor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Give y4B^ bloom to rho
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of AHTYN young- or old.
One 50c box renews vital energy. J 6 bores at
1 2. 50 a complete guaranteed cure XM;,,.y or money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest -*mr pocket. Sold
everywhere, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
price by THE PKKFEITO CO., Caxlon Bid?., Chicago, 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. San Fran, and Oakland.
. igSEI . Ohleheater** EnffUob Diamond Brand. •
PChlclieater's Eactlah Diamond Brand.
ENHYROYAL PILLS
w — <£>~^v Orlfflnml and Only Gennino. Al
//f (Tim ""' alwayi rcltabie. laoics »sk «7?\
I fajl jWiM. Drojglst ftr Chtcbcstort Enalith Dla-ASW
ff^lgS'&gSyrMnd Brand in Red »nd Veld metkmc\%mr
"£\ —^KCgboiea. «f»le<i with bine ribbon. Take Vfir
T^l 9^%^3oolher. R ef'ttc dangerow tubstitu- V
• I / ~. ' fVtisnuaadimitatioru. AtDmggi«ts,orfen4 1«.
I«" -Jg in "tamps for nnrticnlars. tMtlmonUli and
\©* f& " Relief for Ladies," in Utter, br return
—\- •_[/ MalL 10,000 TMtimonlali. Ifmmt Paper.
_ "" */ Ctlr-be»trrChemloalC"o.,Mi\(ll»ooB<j«»r«h
■•Id by all Local Druggisu. l i lllt,\'t\ fSi
DR.MCNULTY.
n"»HLS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD j
•«- Specialist cwre* Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only. Book on Private Disease* and
■Weaknesses of Jl en, free. Over2oy'rs' experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to3daily;6:3otoB:3oev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
taUon free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddreaa
I>r. P. ROSCOE McXUIiTT,
20' i' Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE- '
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms 50c to $1 50 day,
$5 to $S week, $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates in every
room: elevator runs all night."TERRITORY OF
HAWAII " IS THE
NAME SELECTED
Commissioners Decide to Pre
serve the Nomenclature of
the Islands.
The Form of Government Will Probably Be
Modeled on That of Existing
Territories.
Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, Sept. 3.— lt will be the
"Territory of Hawaii." That is the
name which the Annexation Commis
sion has decided to recommend to Con
press. Thus will be preserved in the
political nomenclature of the United
States the distinctive origin of this
part of the United States, just as the
names of the States and Territories of
Florida, Louisiana, Oklahoma, New
Mexico, Arizona and California perpet
uate their distinctive origin. The his
tory and tradition of the islands and
the associations that no one resident
here wants forgotten will go on In un
broken union with the name.
The form of the government will be
modeled on that of existing Territories.
There will be no further depart
ures from this form than local condi
tiuns and national political considera
tions make necessary. It is probable
that in working out the details the
form of government will not approxi
mate so closely to that of State gov
ernment as the ordinary territorial
form nf government does. But the ul
timate possibility of statehood will not
be barred. Still there will be no Dis
trict of Columbia or Alaska form of
government proposed.
Local self-government will be given
through the extension of the municipal
idea. The islands will be divided into
municipal districts having control, un
der restrictions and limitations, of
purely local affairs. Honolulu, for in- I
Btance, will be a municipal district, em- ]
bracing the whole of the island of !
Oahu. Hawaii may be divided into two |
districts, and Molokai, Lanai and Nii
hau may be attached to some other
municipal district.
The question of a Territorial Legis
lature has not been fully settled. There
will be one probably, but with limited
powers.
All the attributes of sovereignty,
however, will be exercised by the Na
tional Government of the United
States. The people of Hawaii will be
called on to consider themselves Amer
icans, looking to the National Govern
ment as a source of national power. In
local affairs they will have the oppor- '
tunity of exercising the high attribute '
of American citizenship, local self-gov- |
ernment. The form of government the }
commission will recommend will be one i
calculated to do away with the associa- j
tions of national independence which j
have grown up in the last eighty or
ninety years, and to create associations i
and the feeling of union with the
United States of America.
It is pretty clear from what has been
said by members of the commission
from time to time that in framing a
form of government for these Islands
tht-y have also been charged by the
administration at Washington with
forming a model which can be adapted
to Porto Rico and other new posses
sions the war has brought the United
States.
The commission is trying to so shape
its work as to be able to conclude its
labors by September 20. The visiting
members will, in that case, be able to
return to the mainland by the steamer
of September 23. This will be in plenty
of time for the prompt presentation of
the bill, which will be drafted right af
t( r the opening of Congress on the first
Monday in December.
The Commissioners visited Pearl har
bor on the Ist. Miller, who is thor
oughly informed as to Pearl harbor
from a naval point of view, pointed out
TURKISH TROOPS
TO BE REMOVED
How Affairs on Crete
May Be Regulated.
STAND OF FOREIGN ADMIRALS
EEINFORCEMENTS ASKED FOR
GARRISON DUTY.
Twenty-One Additional Bodies of
Christians Discovered Under
Smoldering Ruins at
Candia.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CANEA, Island of Crete, Sept. 9.—
The admirals of the foreign powers, re
plying to the protests of thi Cretan
executive committee against the re
cent massacres, have declared thai
they will recommend that their re
sepective Governments sylve the ques
tion definitely by the removal of the
Turkish troops from the island of Crete
and the appointment of a Governor to
be selected by the powers.
The foreign admirals have requested
the powers to send a battalion each to
reinforce tlie international garrison.
On the request of the admirals the
Cretan executive committee has suc
ceeded in inducing the Christian in
surgents in Candia to retire outside the
cordon.
DJevad Pasha, the Turkish military
commandant, says he has given the
Turkish military authorities at Candia
Ftrlct instructions to assist in main
taining order. He declares that the
Hashi Bazouks are responsible for the
recent outbreaks.
To-day twenty-one additional bodies
of Christians were discovered under
smoldering ruins at Candia.
The British admiral, it is said, has
demanded the disarmament of the
M ussulmans.
ROOSEVELT FOR GOVERNOR.
New York's City Club Names the
Colonel of Rough Riders.
NEW YORK, Sept. 9.— Colonel Roose
velt was nominated for Governor to
night In a formal statement issued by the
the advantages which originally in
duced the United States to secure con
cessions there for a naval station. Pro
fessor Alexander, who is thoroughly
conversant with it from the point of
view of a geodetic survey, pointed out
the geological structure and the im
provements that will be needed to make
it the ideal naval rendezvous.
The Pacific cable may go around Ho
nolulu. A shorter route by way of
Alaska has been figured on.
There is a clash here between Colonel
Barber and the Hawaiian Government
over military quarters. The Hawaiian
Government, as is known, at the end of
August withdrew its garrison of troops
from the Executive building and
grounds. It was deemed that, with the
presence of United States soldiers in
Honolulu, there was no more need of
troops to guard the public buildings.
The paid military of Hawaii simply
went out of existence. In the meantime
the Hawaiian Government had notified
the United States representatives here
that after the 31st of August it would
not be responsible for the official mili
tary courtesies of this port. It Is now
an American port.
The United States military authori
ties then signified their intention of oc
cupying the late Hawaiian military
headquarters, including the men's bar
racks under the Executive building and
the officers' quarters in the bungalow.
To this intention the Hawaiian Gov
ernment objected. It claims that the
buildings and grounds vacated by its
military are purely civil in their char
acter, and their purposes entirely re
lated to the administration of Hawai
ian affairs.
In speaking of the trouble Attorney
General Smith said:
"There is no friction, nor has there
been any. The matter has been dis
cussed by General Merriam, Colonel
Barber and Minister Cooper. The mili
tary authorities would like to move one
company into the quarters vacated by
Companies E and F of the National
Guard, and the officers would like to
use the bungalow as their headquarters.
The Government has objected to this
for the reason that it is our earnest
desire to keep the civil and military de
partments in future entirely separate.
We desire to reserve the executive
building and grounds entirely for civil
purposes, and to convert the basement
of the building into the necessary offices
as they may be required. I have pro
posed that Colonel Barber be given an
office In the bungalow and that the men
may be quartered in the old barracks.
We have offered to assist Colonel Bar
ber in securing any quarters he may
desire, but we are anxious to disasso
ciate the military from the executive
building and reserve it to the latter for
civil offices. There has been no demand
or refusal to comply with any demand
as reported. The matter has been dis
cussed and a decision has not been
reached."
It Is the present calculation to send
the United States steamship Philadel
phia back to San Francisco very soon,
as Admiral Miller, having completed the
1 mission on which he was sent by the
I United States Government, is anxious
;to return. It is close upon his time of
retiring from the active service, and,
, besides that, Mrs. Miller is in San Fran
i Cisco awaiting him.
Various officers of the Philadelphia
are so sure their ship will return to this
port soon after landing Admiral Miller
I in San Francisco that they are making
! arrangements here for that purpose. In
fact, the Philadelphia is the only
i ship available for duty here.
City Club, an organization of Independ
ents. Thf statement declare? the undy
ing opposition of the Independents to
"machine rule."
PROPOSED VOYAGE OF
THE OREGON AND IOWA
Captain Barker Goes to Washington
and Discusses the Trip to
the Pacific.
NEW YORK, Sept. 9.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Captain A.
S. Barker, commanding: the battleship
Oregon, came to Washington to-day and
discussed with Acting Secretary Allen the
proposed voyage of his ship and lowa
around the Horn to the Pacific Coast. It
can be stated positively that Captain
Barker will remain In command of his
vessel. It is confidently expected that the
Oregon and lowa will be ready to sail by
September Ifi.
WILL PREVENT A LANDING.
Ottoman Authorities Will Oppose the
Entrance of Foreign Israelites
Into Palestine.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 9.-The Turkish
legation has issued the following state
ment:
"The entrance into Palestine Is for
mally prohibited to foreign Israelites, and
consequently the Imperial Ottoman au
thorities have received orders to prevent
the landing of immigrant Jews in that
province."
INSULTED BY A
DRUNKEN MANAGER
Incivility to Minister Sewall and
Other Visitors at the Kilauea
Volcano House.
HONOLULU, Aug. 30, via Victoria, B. C, Sept. 9.— During the
vilslt of the United States Commissioners who are to frame the laws
for the government of the Hawaiian Islands to the Kilauea Volcano
House on the Island of Hawaii United States Minister Sewall and
Attorney General "W. O. Smith of the Hawaiian republic and a cor
respondent of a prominent San Francisco paper were grossly insulted
by the drunken manager of the hotel. The affair has created quite a
sensation in Honolulu. A meeting of the board of directors of the
Volcano House Company was held to-day and in spite of the fact
that the manager of the hotel was a heavy stockholder in the com
pany he was summarily dismissed from his position.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1898.
ALBRECHT IS
ANOTHER WIFE
Bigamy Added to For
gery Charges.
OAKLAND GIRL CLAIMS HIM
DESERTED AFTER A BRIEF
HONEYMOON.
Identifies the Truant Husband at
Santa Bosa — Repudiated as
Being Entirely a
Stranger.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 9.— Charles Al
brecht, the San Francisco architect ax
rested here the day after his marriage,
charged with obtaining money by is
suing a fraudulent check on the First
National Bank of San Francisco, will
probably be arraigned on Monday in
the Superior Court upon a charge of
bigamy.
Among the arrivals by this morning's
train was Mrs. Rosa Albrecht, who
married the gentleman so lavish with
his checks less than a year ago in Oak
land. She came for the purpose of
Identifying, if possible, the man who
has made so much trouble. Imme
diately upon her arrival in this city
Mrs. Albrecht No. 1 went to the Grand
Hotel, where Mrs. Albrecht No. 2 was
awaiting her arrival. The two ladies
were introduced, shook hands and re
tired to the parlor. Shortly after Al
brecht was brought over from the jail.
He was identified at once, tho-ugh he
stoutly claimed that he had never seen
the Oakland lady before in his life.
When seen later in the day the first
wife said there was no possible doubt
as to the man's identity. She stated
that they were married on December
17, 1597, and that at the time the hus
band claimed he was well supplied
with this world's goods. He purchased
for her a sealskin sacque, diamond
ring and other articles, after which he
took her to San Mateo-, claiming that
he had a good position there in an ar
chitect's office. Cruelty caused a sepa
ration. Returning to Oakland, Al
brecht stepped off the train, and his
whereabouts had been unknown until
the story of his arrest here was pub
lished in the papers a few days ago.
Mrs. Albrecht returned to her home
in Oakland this evening.
COLONEL SUTER IS
ASSIGNED TO THE EAST
The Division Engineer of the Pacific
to Be Succeeded by Colonel
Mansfield.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 9.— By direction
of the President, Colonel Charles R. Su
ter, corps of engineers, United States
army, is relieved from duty as member
of the California Debris Commission to
regulate hydraulic mining in the State of
California, and from duty as division en
gineer of the Pacific division, to take ef
fect October 15, and will transfer tem
porarily to Major William H. Heuer,
corps of engineers, United States army,
the works now under his charge, with all
the money and property appertaining
thereto, and proceed to and take station
at Boston, Mass., and relieve Colonel
Samuel M. Mansfield, corps of engineers.
Colonel Mansfield, upon r>eing thus re
lieved, will proceed to take station at
San Francisco, and relieve Major Heuer
of the works temporarily transferred to
him.
CRUISER BENNINGTON
AWAITS OVERHAULING
After Leaving Mare Island She Will
Relieve the Philadelphia
at Honolulu.
VALLEJO, Sept. 9.— The cruiser Ben
nlngton Is at Mare Island to be docked,
cleaned and painted, preparatory to her
cruise to Honolulu to relieve the Philadel
phia. The Hartford Is now In dock, and If
she can be made ready to go out at once
the Bennlngton will remain but a few
days. If it is necessary to wait for the
Hartford to be finished the Bennington
may be here for ten days or two weeks. If
she can be docked without delay she can
leave in three days. She Is all coaled and
provisioned, so there will be no delay
when she leaves the dock.
NAVAL OFFICERS TO BE
HONORABLY. DISCHARGED
Those Appointed During the War
Must Now Leave the
Service.
NEW YORK; Sept. 9.-A Washington
special to the Herald says: The Navy
Department has announced Its intention
of honorably discharging all the officers
of the navy who were appointed during
the war with Spain. An examination of
the law under which the appointments
were made convinced the department that
It had no authority to extend the ap
pointments beyond the emergency for
which they had been called into service.
In accordance w!th the department's
ruling about twenty-five discharges were
made to-day, and the 725 officers holding
temporary appointments will be dis
charged as rapidly as possible.
GREATHOUSE'S LATEST ROLE.
Recruits Foreigners at Shanghai to
Protect the King.
LONDON, Sept. 9.— A special to a news
agency from Shanghai says that Clar
ence R. Greathouse, the American ad
viser of the King of Korea, has recruited
a strong force of foreigners at Shanghai
to act as a body guard of the King, who
is said to be afraid to trust the Koreans.
FUSION FAILS IN
THE SILVER STATE
Two Tickets Nominated
at Reno.
SURE THING FOR NEWLANDS
RUSSELL AGAINST SADLER FOR
GOVERNOR.
Sam P. Davis the White-Metal Can
didate for Controller — Se
lections for Other
Offices.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENO, Sept. 9.— The Silver party con
vention to-day nominated the follow
ing ticket:
Congressman, Francis G. Newlands;
Governor, Keinhold Sadler; Lieutenant
Governor, James R. Judge; Secretary
of State, Eugene Ho well; State Treas
urer, D. M. Ryan; State Controller,
Sam P. Davis; Attorney General, W. D.
Jones; Supreme Court Judge, C. H.
Belknap; State Printer, Andrew Maute;
Surveyor General, E. D. Kelley; State
Superintendent of Public Instruction,
H. C. Cutting; Regents of State Uni
versity, W. E. F. Deal (long term), H.
C. Starritt (short term).
The Democratic State convention,
after rejecting fusion with the Silver
party, nominated candidates as fol
lows :
Congressman, passed; Governor, G.
Russell; Lieutenant Governor, C. M.
Grimes; Secretary of State, John Web
ber; State Treasurer, W. G. Thomp
son; State Controller, G. M. Humph
reys; Surveyor General, T. K. Stewart;
State Printer, James Morris; Regents
of University, F. H. Triplett (long
term); Gott Haist (short term).
Fusion was defeated owing to fail
ure to agree upon an apportionment of
the ticket.
CONCESSIONS MADE
UP IN WASHINGTON
Populists Come to Democratic Terms
and a Fusion Ticket Is
Nominated.
ELLENSBURG, Wash., Sept. 9.— The
Populist, Democratic and Silver Re
publican State conventions, represent
ing the silver forces of the State of
Washingt on, formed fusion to-day and
nominated the following ticket:
Congressmen — James Hamilton Lewis
(Dem.) of Seattle, W. C. Jones (Sll.
Rep.) of Spokane.
Supreme Judges —B. F. Heuston
(Pop.) of Taeoma, M. M. Godman
(Dem.) of Dayton.
Fusion was accomplished by the Pop
ulists conceding to the Democrats,
after a very stubborn contest, one of
the nominees for Supreme Judge.
TRIED TO ASSASSINATE
QUEEN WILHELMINA
Arrest of an English Anarchist Who
Fired a Shot at Holland's
Sovereign.
BERLJN, Sept. 9.— The Lokal Anzelger
says that a fortnight ago an attempt was
made to assassinate Queen Wilhelmina
near Ameersfort, province of Ultrecht,
on the road between Castle Soostdyt and
Baar.
A man emerged from behind a tree and
fired a revolver Rt her Majesty. The
bullet missed the Queen but plowed the
cheek of a lady in attendance. The
would-be assassin was arrested. He is
supposed to be an English anarchist.
The strictest secrecy has been main
tained hitherto as to the affair in order
not to disturb the enjoyment of the en
thronement festivities.
NEGOTIATIONS OF THE
COMMISSIONS STOP
Boundary Dispute Between Chile and
Argentina Not Yet Settled
by Any Means.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES, Argentina, Sept. 9.—
Negotiations between the commissions
appointed by Argentina and Chile to set
tle the boundary dispute have been sus
pended because the Chilean commission
would not consent to the insertion of ex
isting treaties in the reports which are
to be presented to both Governments
and eventually to the arbitrators. There
has been a lively interchange of dis
patches between Buenos Ayres and San»
tiago. This Government has decided to
insist upon a strict enforcement of ex
isting treaties.
BRITISH IMPORTS DECREASE.
At the Same Time the American
Exports Have Increased.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 9.— The fact that
British imports into the United States
have fallen off greatly in the past year,
while American exports have greatly In
creased, has been announced from time
to time during the year, hut the full
year's figures, just presented ■by the
Treasury Bureau of Statistics, bring to
the surface some interesting details not
heretofore published. These show that
while the exports from the United States
to the United Kingdom have increased 12
per cent, the Imports from the United
Kingdom have fallen off 35 per cent. The
exports from the United States to the
United Kingdom during the past year
were, in round numbers, five times as
much as the imports from the United
Kingdom, the figures of the Bureau of
Statistics being as follows:
Imports from the United Kingdom,
$109,138,365; exports to the United King
dom, $540,860,1:2.
NEVADA SCHEME COLLAPSES.
All Property of the Occidental Colony
Company Sold.
CARSON, N%v., Sept. 9.— Alfred Chartz
sold all the property yesterday of the Oc
cidental Colony Company, situated near
Wellington, under an execution issued In
favor of the Bull!' 1 and Exchange Bank.
Chartz relinquished all property claimed
by individual members of the company,
consisting of cows, horses and carts.
Charts attributes their failure as much
to their dissensions, ignorance of farming
and aversion to muscular labor as to the
fact that their president and secretary
mortgaged the company's lands and crops
for JISW and absconded with the money.
It is believed that their coreligionists in
San Francisco will assist in ther mainten
ance until th-jy can be absorbed in differ
ent occupations. The Jewish Benevolent
Association of San Francisco asserts that
It will maintain them until they become
self-supporting.
New Postmasters.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 9.— A postofflce
was to-day established at Ogilby, San
Diego County, Cal. James R. Downs was
appointed Postmaster.
The following California Postmasters
were appointed to-day: Bolinas, Marin
County, A. Bonattl, vice F. G. Water
house, resigned; Bordrn, Madera County,
J. C. Elmore, vice J. B. Yocum, dead;
Cayton, Shasta County, A. J. Opdyke, vice
A. H. Bosworth, resigned; Los Banos,
Merced County, Dr. C. F. Wade, vice S.
N. S. McPhail, removed; Machin, Marin
County, C. C. Stringham, vice A. J. Mac-
Donald, removed.
AN ABSOLUTE
MONARCHY THE
FORM PREDICTED
Peculiar Impressions as to Ha
waii's Government by
Uncle Sam.
Warning Sounded Against a Rush to the New
Island Territory by Men Without
Capital.
' Special Correspondence of The Call.
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
HONOLULU, Sept. 3.— The Impres
sion Is gaining gTound here that the
Congressional form of government to
be granted to Hawaii will be the ab
solute monarchy of a District of Co
lumbia arrangement, with the Presi
dent of the United States as king and
his appointees his governing satellites.
This will destroy all the political power
of the family compact and the ruling
ring and yet give us equal rights — in
nothing of value — In payment of taxes
and being governed without represent
ation or trouble to ourselves.
The local press has taken unto itself
a scare in this respect, and editors are
tumbling over each other in their ear
nestness to impress the Commissioners
with the necessity of giving us a terri
torial government with a liberal fran
chise, while the Commissioners hold j
their own council, smile benignly and
blandly intimate a non-sufficiency at
present of Americanization in the isl
ands.
One feels almost justified in saying
that the appointment of this commis
sion to recommend legislation for the
Hawaiian Islands was the greatest blun
der the annexationists ever permitted
to be perpetrated. It has placed a for
midable weapon in the hands of those
politicians who are opposed to granting
us a free and liberal and quasi-inde
pendent colonial form of government
with a self-ruling franchise, for the
longer the Commissioners remain with
the people the better they become ac
quainted with the people and our con
ditions, the more thoroughly will they
be convinced that the American people
were deluded and deceived by the Ha
waiian annexationists, and that the
country was not ripe for annexation. It
will require, a republican pupilage of an
other twenty years before becoming
worthy to enter the limits of the great j
Union. The Commissioners will see J
for themselves that annexation was j
merely a question of dollars and cents
for the few with injury and injustice
to the many. As a military outpost the
affair is on an entirely different basis.
The money that must necessarily be
expended here will cover a multitude
of sins, but the many difficulties to be
encountered are already beginning to
be faintly outlined in the trouble expe
rienced in finding camping grounds for
a few hundred troops.
The American people will have to
wait only a few brief months before
there will go back to the States from
this land the wail of disappointment
and dismay from many honest strand
ed adventurers. The outlook is so
gloomy for the newcomers that all the
fraternal societies have communicated
notes of warning to their kindred as
sociations all over the world. Already
the treasuries of our relief societies are
being pinched, and yet there are the
thousands of letters sent home by the
boys in blue recommending this place
as God's Eden, to be heard from. We
hear of special steamers being char
tered from the north and rates of pas
sage being reduced, and the problem is
what are we to do with these people
when they come? There is no employ
ment for even a small portion of them,
unless they can induce the planters to
take them at $15 or even $20 a month,
and it is not very likely that any such
arrangement can be made. The wise
ones, with money for investment or
witiiout, will bring a return passage
ticket with them and treat the journey
as a picnic to the joyous islands of a
perpetual summer, created only for
sugar planters, tourists and lotus eat
ers.
For men of means we now have
ample hotel accommodations, and for
those who pay their way an ample wel
come; but restaurant men are begin
ning to experience a tired feeling as
they see a fellow eat a square meal
and then dodge for the door. Our
passport law still being in existence a
debtor can prevent a creditor from
leaving the country until he has dis
charged his debt, and while there is no
imprisonment for debt per se there is
Chronic Rheumatism.
From the Industrial News, Jarkson, Mich.
The subject of this sketch Is flfty-slx
years of age, and actively engaged in
farming;. When seventeen years old he
hurt his shoulder and a few years after
commenced to have rheumatic pains in
it. On taking a slight cold or the least
strain, sometimes without any apparent
cause whatever, the trouble would start
and he would suffer the most excruciat-
ing pains.
He suffered for over thirty years, and
the last decade has suffered so much that
he was unable to do any work. To this
the frequent occurrences of dizzy spells
were added, making him almost a help-
less invalid.
A
In All Sorts of Weather.
He tried the best physicians, but with-
out being benefited, and has used several
specific rheumatic cures, but was not
helped. About one year and six months
ago he read in this paper of a case some-
what similar to his which was cured oy
Dr, Williams' Pink Pills and concluded to
try this remedy.
After taking the first box he felt some-
what better, and after using three boxes
the pains entirely disappeared, the dizzi-
ness left him, and he has now for over
a year been entirely free from all his
former trouble and enjoys better health
than he has had since his boyhood.
He is loud In his praises of Dr. Wil-
liams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and will
gladly corroborate the above statements.
His postofflce address is Lorenzo Neeley,
Horton, Jackson County, Michigan.
All the elements necessary to give new
life and richness to the blood and restore
shattered nerves are contained in a con-
densed form in Dr. Williams' Pink Pills
for Pale People. Aji druggists sell them.
for being a "gToss cheat" and for ob
taining goods or money under false pre
tenses, and consequently the creditc/r
either gets there or leaves another
practical "vag" on our streets.
The Commissioners have held an
open session and Hon. F. M. Hatch
availed himself of the opportunity to
place before them the plea of the Chi
nese for the same recognition of their
civil rights as was accorded to them (
by the Hawaiian Government. If one
may judge from the pertinent questions
propounded by the Commissioners they
will require considerable educating be
fore they entertain the petition of the
memorialists with approval. Our Cham
ber of Commerce and the various Ha
waiian societies are preparing state
ments to be placed before the commis
sion as to their views for our new
government. The Hawaiian memorial
has first to be presented to a conven
tion of delegates summoned for the
12th inpt. The Commissioners desire to
Jeave about the 20th, but It Is thought
that they will have to wait over until |
October 3.
The United States ship Scandia ar
rived at 8:30 this morning with her
troops in magnificent condition and full
of praise for the vessel, her officers and
crew. There were one or two cases of
pneumonia during the voyage, but the
Red Cross people pulled them through.
As an incident of the arrival It looked
for a few moments as if the Scandia
wished to ram the Philadelphia in the
harbor. A catastrophe was happily
avoided.
Our garrison troops are in excellent
health and spirits and rapidly making
strong friendships. The demeanor of
the boys is very praiseworthy.
California Melons Given Away.
NEW YORK, Sept. 9.— The market is
overstocked with melons, and in Jersey
City to-day thirteen car loads of the ripe
fruit which arrived from California were
distributed free to all who would take
them. It costs $200 a car to transport
melons across the country, and when they
arrived there was no one who would pur
chase them. The Pacific Fruit Company,
which shipped the melons, then ordered
that they t>e given away.
Alice —ix writes about the "Last
of the Kahunas" in next Sunday's
Call.
. ' AMUSEMENTS.
Corner Eddy and Jones Streets. /<ii~'-~;
■ ' MATINEE TO-DAY— SATURDAY.
Direct from Their Triumphal '-.'our in Eng-
land. MR. AND MRS. SYDNEY DREW, in
"When Two Hearts Are Won." World's Great-
est Operatic Barytone, SIGNOR DEL PUENTE.
Peerless Queen of Burlesque, the Charming
CORINNE. San Francisco's Prime Favorite.
MISS EDITH HALL.
14— BRILLIANT FAVORITES !— I4
MONDAY— BE-RT & WHITMAN, Eccentric
Comedy Sketch : POWERS & HYDE, and the
Great CAKE WALK.
Popular Prices — Reserved Seats, 25c and 5Qc;
Box Seats, 50c ' • ;• • • „.■
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
25c; Children, 10c. Telephone South 435. ■'
MORQSCO'S GRAND' !
vv altkb Mokosco, Sole Lessee aud Manages.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Green 861
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . I £
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
-Special Holiday Matinee, Friday, September 9.
WEEK OF SEPTEMBER 6, 188 S.
First Time at This Theater of Frank Harvey's
New Domestic Comedy-drama,
"SHALL WE
FORGIVE HER!"
Wholesome, Original, Unique! New Scenery
and Properties! A Strong Cast!
First Appearance at . This Theater of th« Tal-
ented Eastern Actress,
' MISS GRACE ADDISON.
:.. Reappearance of MISS JULIA BLANC,
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Manager.
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON.
THIS "AFTERNOON at 2 o'clock, Sunday
Evening:, • Donizetti's Tragic Work,
','LUCRETIA BORGIA,"
TO-NIGHT— iIME, '
14 RIGOL.ETTO."
: NEXT WEEK-Monday, Wednesday, Friday
and Saturday Evenings, "CARMEN"; Tuesday,
• Thursday and Sunday Evenings, Special Sat-
urday Matinee, "LA TRAVIATA."
■ Popular : Prices, • 25c ■ and 60c. N. B. — A re-
served seat for the matinee, 25c. Our tele-
phone, -Bush 9,
COMEDY THEATER.
The New Playhouse. ■ A Symphony of Delight.
Every Evening at 8. Matinee TO-OAT at 2.
THE PACHECO COMEDY CO.
In MRS. PACHECO' New Comedy,
"THE LEADING JV\f\iy,*'
Evening prices— lsc, 26c. - 36c, ■ 50c and 75c. -
. Matinee Prices, 25c, Sso and 50c. Seats now
Belling.
Comedy Theater, Phone 32S Main. Branch
Office, 710 Market rt.; phone 929 Main. <
Next Monday— " WOMAN'S, WIT." •■ V.
AT f7 A 7 A D Seats *» Phone -
rW-4\jt\iL4.t\t\ MAIN 254.
' FAMILY MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT AND TO-MORROW (SUNDAY),
"THE FIRST BORN!"
. POWERS' CHINESE TRAGEDY, L'
Preceded by N. C. Goodwin's Farcical Comedy,
"TURNED UP." 2?;
Next Week. — The ■ Farcical Comedy Entitled
"A TRAGEDY" and "FIRST BORN."
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, AT 2:30 P. M.
'. - First Great : Event :of . the Season.'
. 220- YARD RACE '
Between SID CAVILL, Champion Swimmer of
• Australia, • and . DAN ' GREEN, Champion
. 220-yard Swimmer of the Pacific Coast.
FOR " A PURSE OF : $300 AND A SIDE BET
— ■-.■■.• -.: •■■ OF $150. •-■-.-•■ ■;:.■,
-S ALSO ■ IMMENSE AQUATIC ; BILL.
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN, sc.
: .. „:,. . v ...-..- .-...,,. .'. ■.'. . ':'■
AI VMPI 1 Eddy, ' cor. " Mason— MOßE EAST-
ULIIfiriAERN STARS. ■- MARTIN'S WON-
DERFUL DOGS: MADELINE, New York's
Favorite Dancer; TRIXEDO; EL NINO EDDY;
ROCKWELL, and others. Admission ,. free.
Matinee . Sunday. ' ' / . - : ..:-. \ -- - .
BASEBALL!
• ■ .. •"„:■/.■. -,::■'. s.'- ■ f ,-.''■■■■ ■;•■'- :■-■*- ■ '■'■'■
T*-- ' RECREATION . PARK. V !
: ' SANTA CRUZ ; vs.^ATHLETICS;
TO-DAY, AT 3 P. M. . / " "
... ■> ADVERTISEMENTS. ...
[ STORIES OF RELIEF,
( Two Letters to Mrs. Pinkham.^
Mrs. John Williams, Englishtown?
N. J., writes:
" Dear Mrs. Ptxkham: — I cannot be-
gin to tell you how I suffered before
! taking- your remedies. I was so weak
that I could hardly walk across the floor
without falling . I had womb trouble
and such, a bearing-down feeling ; also
Buffered with my back and limbs, pain
in womb, inflammation of the bladder,
piles and indigestion. Before I had
taken one bottle of Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound I felt a great deal
better, and after taking two and one-
half bottles and half a box of your
Liver Pills I was cured. If more would
take your medicine they would not
have to suffer so much."
Mrs. Joseph Peterson, 513 East St.,
Warren, Pa., writes: t^j '") • •-"■V'v",:
"Dear Mbs. Pixkham: — I have suf-
fered with womb trouble over fifteen
years. I had inflammation, enlarge-
ment and displacement of the womb. '
I had the backache constantly, also
headache, and was so dizzy. I had
heart trouble, it seemed as though my
heart was in my throat at times chok-
j ing me. I could not walk around and
I could not lie down, for then my heart
would beat so fast I would feel as
though I was smothering. I had to
Bit up in bed nights in order to breathe.
I was so weak I conld not do any-
thing. , ) j _ .._<;.
*' I have now taken several bot-
tles of Lydia -E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound, and used three pack-
ages of Sanative Wash, and can say
I am perfectly cured. Ido not think
I could have lived long if Mrs. Pink-
ham's medicine had not helped me."
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
A Ap tHr Full Set of Teeth
l*vHf 154<&. extracting free $sooap
Ji^33n&££&'* Gold Crowns 22k J3SOUP
jy £SJSJiCU& Fillings •- - - 2?cts.up
• Open Evenings & Sundays
E^MM^^S VAN VROOM
\**^Mff\¥< < *>? Electro Dental Parlors
v l» IP X 'Sixth and Market
—- ' w Dr.G W. Klelsor, Prop,
. AMUSEMENTS. r
LAST DAY OF
THE GREAT IRISH FAIR,
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
Closes to-night at 11:30 p. m.
Second night of policemen. 500 guardians of
the peace and their families present. (
Great auction sale of articles. Sale of all the
Irish soil In flower pots from the Map of Ire-
land.
Announcement of raffles.
Grand march. No higher admission for clos-
ing night. 25 cents. Children 10 cents. •
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT.
Great Irish Fair Ball and reception Tuesday
night. September 13. Mechanics' Pavilion. Ex-
hibition dances by the pupils of the Irish danc-
ing school. Old Irish minuets, quadrilles,
grand .marches, waltzes, all the latest dances.
Music by Coggin's Golden Gate Park Band.
Special decorations. Calcium . and electrical
lights. . Young ladles from the booths in cos-
tumes. ' Opening ■ march 9 o'clock. Tickets $1,
including hat rack privileges. Ladies free.
. Committee of arrangements— James S. Fen-
nell (chairman), F. /B. ; Lorigan, Joseph A.
Stultz, Judge E. P. Mog-an, Jeremiah Deasy,
P. D. Mullaney, T. J. Welch, L. W. Buckley,
William Cronan, Philip Hammond. ' r- :
. Floor committee — T. A. Burns (chairman).
"- '■:■ Executive , committee of ■ the Irish Fair—
miah Dea«y (chairman), John Mulhern (treas-
urer), M. J. Gorman, C. B. Flanagan. William
Mulvin, Mrs. H. Mulvihill, J. H. McGinney,
P. H. Flynn, John Caney, M. .J. Hart.
P. H. Flynn. John Ganey, M. J. Hart.
Ladies' ' reception ■'■ committee embrace the
chairmen of all the booths with five assistants
to each lady. The exhibition of the Irish danc-
ing school in charge of Messrs.' John O'Connor,
Joseph Kelleher and Professor Chapman and
Miss Pearl Hlckman. Box office for. the sale
of. ball tickets at Mechanics'. Pavilion will be
open from 10 a. m. until 4 p. m. Monday.
BALDWIN THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY— TIME,
MR. HENRY MILLER
In the Comedy of Manners,
••A MARRIAGE OF CONVENIENCE"
TO-NIGHT, BY SPECIAL REQUEST,
Farewell Performance, HENRY MILLER, In
"HEMRTSEASE."
Next week— MODJESKA. Monday— MAßT
STUART. .Tuesday— MAGDA.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
- MATINEE TO-DAY, To-Night and Sunday-
Farewell Performances
FRAWLEY COMPANY.
In Augustln Daly's Comedy Success.
"NUMBER NINE."
Next Monday— Hoyf » "A Milk White Flag."
MATINEE TO-DAYTSatarday, Sept. it.
Parquet, any seat, 25e; balcony, 10c; children,
■-■•■*■-• . 10c, any part.
The Legitimate Comedy Star, FELIX MOR-
RIS, and : Company in the One-Act Comedy,
"A Game of Cards."
THE EIGHT TON-ZOON-IN ARABS.
World's Latest Acrobatic Novelty.
EDWIN M. FAVOR & EDITH SINCLAIR,
Laughable Farce, "The McGuires."
: IRENE FRANKLIN. Character Soubrette.
THE PASQUALIS & SIG. ABRAMOFF, the
Prison Scene from "Faust."
BARNEY FAGAN & HENRIETTA BYRON,
CHAS. T. ALDRICH. BARON'S DOGS, THE
BIOORAPH. with new views.
NEXT WEEK— BONEHILL and
other stars.
DON'T FORGET
THE ■BUTCHERS--'
EXCURSION [BARBECUE
....T0....
SAN JOSE--Agricoltnral Park,
SUNDAY, Sept. 11, '98.
This will be the last excursion to the Garden
City this season. . . -
You are invited to one of "Our Famous Bar-
becues," where Beeves, Sheep and Hogs will be
cooked and distributed Free.
You will also have an opportunity of seeing
Ban Jose gorgeously decorated in honor of the
Admission week celebration. ;
TICKETS (round trip), $1. Children
.v ;>;. ■ under 12 50 cents.
>■ Ten special trains leave Third and Town6end
streets at 9: IS a. m. '
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY -AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE THE . :
SPANISH BULL FIGHT!
GREAT SHOW IN THE FREE THEATER.
PEARL HAIGHT, "AMERICAN ANNA
:■ ■•:••• HELD."
' . LAST 4 TIMES OF THE 3 DE NOVAS'. ,
RARE ANIMALS IN THE ZOO!
FUN ALL OVER THE GROUNDS.
10c. Including Zoo and Theater; children So;
i; A PERmENT CURE I
111 1 A PERMANENT CURE f
: 111 1 ■of the moat obstinate cases of .Gonorrhoea i[ , .
I ' and Gleet, Guaranteed . in from 3t06 < ,
'i I j- days ; no other treatment required. '5
'i \ ■: .' Sold by all drnggists. • . 5
Weekly Gall, $1. 50 per Year
910
THREE GREAT
DAYS WITH
ROD AND RIFLE.
Sportsmen who intend having a deer
shoot in Marin County should not wait
upon the order of going, as the season
•when deer can be lawfully killed will end
on the loth inst. This is in accordance
with an ordinance parsed by the Super
visors of Marin hist year. The State law
gives deer hunters until October 15 in.
which to bag mule deer.
As there are many of the wholesale
houses which closed their doors yesterday,
not to open them again until Monday,
the boys who love the gxm and dog will
certainly make the best use of the holi
days to enjoy favorite pastimes. There
are now several parties camped in the
hills and mountains, and almost daily
reports have be*?n received at this office
and at the sporting goods houses of the
success achieved by the wleldera of the
rifle and the rod.
Yesterday Ai Newman, Picolo Molloy,
Lloyd Eaton, Charley Dietz and Frank
ilotlling, with a pack of hounds, left for j
Tocaloma intent upon killing the im
mense buck which has maimed several
good hounds this year. Newman has
taken a pledge that he will not return i
without old Toe*
John Lemmer, president of the Black |
Jack Shooting Club, left this city yes
terday for Antioeh purposely to inspect
the duck jronds ana the- trails leading Into
the loafing grounds of the birds. A letter
from Colonel Remfree of Antioeh, which
was received by Secretary Markland on
Tuesday, stated that the "Block Jacks"
have already put in an appearance and j
thai everything looks favorable tor the >
inaugural bombardment on October 1.
The many friends of James Watt will
regret to learn that that well-known ang- i
ler sustained a severe loss recently In.
the d<-uth of his estimable wife.
Small striped bass are very plentiful In
Tomales Bay and a few of those game
fishes were caught last Vkeek at the big
pool Dear the White House. Several
striped baas have aiso been caught re
cently in the vicinity of the old Bay
Island farm, AJameda marsh. The best
killing lures are soft shell crabs and
dams.
A largo party of anglers will leave this
city for Eel River on the next steamer
bound tor Eureka. Among the anglers
who will enjoy happy hours on ihe Eel
are: John Butler, Judge Evans, Thomas
Brennan, Dr. yon Hoffman, Colonel
Keliehor, John oenn, J. McCaulev E
Van Slyko and John Bergez.
Last Tuesday the Hon. Thomas Flinn
John Gallagher, champion of Oakland,
with Messrs. Cast-y and Lynch, set sail
lor the great Eel River. It goes without
saying that the steelheads will receive a
treat mauling when those famous disci
ples of the angle hook on.
Harry Babcock. who • recently arrived
lrom Truckee and Tahoe report the
tlshing as being excellent, lie left again I
on Friday to enjoy more sport.
John Gallagher and Colonel Keliehor
should make the most interesting team of
anglers that ever spooned the Eel River.
Major Miles, General J. H. Dickinson,
Tom Barney, Colonel Sharp, Charles and
Fred Ingram, Ernest and Draper Trosper
returned from Duncans Mills last Mon
day with eight deer. 'me game was
Lagged in two days" hunting. The sports
men camped at Trosper"s on Austin
Creek.
Al Cumming. W. H. Chalmers, Fred
Bushnell and Johnny Coleman are at
present whipping Webber Lake.
Billy Bogard left Thursday evening for
Truckee. He will locate at Verdi.
Messrs, FaymontviUi' and King of the
Country Club are angling on .Lake Web
ber.
Ex-Senator John Spellacy and wife and
John Harrigan and wife have just re
turned from a trip by team from Eel I
Kiver. Mr. Harrigan reports that deer
are dying from some unknown cause in
the vicinity of Bells Springs, which is
near the dividing line of ifumboldt and
Memlocino counties.
sportsmen would be pleased to learn
that Game Warden Mogan would give
a little of his attention to the game mar
kets and restaurants from now until the
opening of the game season.
The annual picnic and pigeon shoot of
the Lincoln Gun Club will be held on
Sunday at Greenbrae. Everybody is in
vited. The programme consists of a
twelve-bird team race; entrance, price of
birds. There will also be pool-shooting ad
libitum.
Field Sports, a monthly paper devoted
to divers pastimes, made its appearance
on the Ist inst. For the past five years
Field Sports was a weekly periodical,
conducted and managed by H. T. Payne,
who is a well-known authority on mat
ters that pertain to field and kennel.
Because of the fact that the daily pa
pers are now giving much attention to
current sporting events, the present
owner of Field Sports, Tnomas Flynn,
wisely concluded that a monthly journal,
with handsome illustrations of local hap
penings in the field of sport and instruc
tive articles from the pens of able
writers, would fill, so to speak, a long-felt
want. The first number, which contains
several beautiful illustrations, should be
seen to be appreciated. The angling
scenes are particularly good. Leashmen
will certainly feel at home when they
gaze upon the pictures descriptive of the
coursing sward. On the whole. Field
Sports, as a monthly journal of sport, has
a very promising future.
The old idea about "the boy with the
beanpole" beating the city man with his
fancy fly rod at catching flsh is pretty
nearly exploded. It is quite true that
there are many country lads who can
catch fish readily with the most ordinary
kind of tackle, simply because they
know the stream where the trout lurk,
and are fishermen and sportsmen by na
ture. But there is no doubt that those
isame country boys, given fine tackle and
a knowledge of how to use it, would dou
ble, treble and even quadruple their own
record bags made previously with the his
toric beanpole. It doesn't follow, either,
that the city man, simply because he has
a fine article of a rod, the. best of flies
and the finest of leaders, i-i anything of a
fisherman. He may be skillful in wield
ing his rod and may cast his line with all
the dexterity and skill in the world, but
unless he is a natural-born fisherman
one In whom the fishing instinct was
strong from the time he quit swaddling
clothes, he'll never amount to much as a
catcher of fish. That class of men the
country boy with his beanpole can dis
count.
The following letter from Stanford Uni
versity to The Call will Interest anglers
and pisciculturists:
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept.
9.— Dr. Jordan was interviewed to-day
concerning the big salmon that was re
cently caught in the Sacramento River
■with its adipose fins removed, which
was reported to have exploded the ac
cepted theory that it takes Pacific
Coast salmon from three to five years
to develop.
He said that he felt sure that the
twenty-four-pound salmon Just caught
was not hatched in the Columbia River,
end that it was not one of the flsh from
which the adipose fins were removed in
the spring of 1897 at the United States
Fish Commission hatchery, Clackamas,
for the purpose of identification. He
remarked that the fish just taken was
at least four years of age and perhaps
five. The fact that the adipose fins
were missing he considers of little im
portance.
Other hatcheries have used the same
means of identification, notably the
Rogue River hatchery. The adipose
fins are also often snapped off by other
fishes. «
The theory of the growth of Pacific
Coast salmon, he said, is neither his
nor Dr. Gilbert's, but is common knowl
edge to those who have observed the
ealnion.
The best observations, he remarked,
were those made in 1880, which tended
to show that the king salmon got its
growth at about four years, when It
reached an average weight of sixteen
pounds in the Sacramento and twenty
two in the Columbia River. As sal
mon die after spawning he says, that
the big specimens weighing eighty and
a hundred pounds that are occasionally
caught are fish that have escaped
death and come up the river and are
older than their brothers.
Eleven Engine's New House.
The dormitory over engine-house 11 has
been completed, and now the South San
Francisco fire boys have facilities and
conveniences that will compare with those
of any other company in the city. A
library with plenty of reading matter has
been supplied with which the men may
while away the time when not fighting
fire.
THE FIELD OF SPORT
HOLIDAY SPORT
ON THE
COURSING FIELDS.
Imagine two hundred well trained and
highly conditioned dogs contesting for
honors In two coursing parks, and you
then can form an idea of how the grand
old sport is breaking ground In this city.
Of the many outdoor pastimes patron
ized by local sportsmen there are none,
excepting horse racing, which has .aken
such a frrm hold on the lovers of good
sport as coursing, and it go-*3 without
saying that as long as the sport ol the
leash Is conducted in an upnarht and
straightforward manner it whl :ontinue
to increase its patronage and flourish in
this great land of the West.
Yesterda\ inaugurated throe days of
great coursing in the Union and Ingletidt
porks. The running at Inglcside should
be first class, as there Is a sapling s;ake
with fourteen entries, prizes JW a maiden
stake with eighty-four entries, prizes
$790, and a champion stake with twenty
four entries, prizes $4*<s. Total cas. 1 .
prizes $1365, which speaks lor lueif. The
champion stake will not be run until
Sunday, so as to give sportsmen who
cannot attend on either of the lirst tWu
days of the meeting a chance to see the
topnotchers in action.
The champion stake at U.ilon Park is
exceedingly well drawn. Rjiotte, who
will meet For Freedom in her fir* 1 course.
has a good chance to raise a winning
fiag. No dog has an absolute cinch to beat
the Santa Clara liver, and For Free
dom will know that he was up against
hard game before the fiag is raised. The
short-enders will back Rosette heavily,
and may cash with any kind of good luck.
Rusty Gold, who was entered for the big
stake, was injured while in training this
week and at the last moment Healy tele
graphed from Healdsburg to withuraw
him. There were several other entries
withdrawn on Wednesday evening, their
owners evidently experiencing "cold feet"
when they thought of For Freedom's
chances. The Englls.i wonder cannot al
ways win, and the first owner to down
him will have sufficient fame, likewise
coin, to last for an indefinite period.
The selling stake has several unnnowa
quantities entered in the four Eastern
representatives— Lucerno, Bonfire. Kath
leen and Rosaleen. The owners who
brought them out are taking big chances,
for If they show up in any sort of shape
they will be bought out of the stake at a
pretty stilt' figure. Made, Seldom, Gilt
Edge or Eclipse should be in the finals,
with Magic for choice, if he can go the
distance.
The Produce stake Is full of stake-win
ners—Blliy Gladstone. Mayflower, Mac's
Melody. Bad Shot. Hock Island Boy. Mi
nerva and Walt a Little have all raised
a fiag in the final, and of the new entries
Lygla, Luxor, Meta, Victor King and Bru
tus all look able to sport the blue ribbon
of the Interstate Coursing Club.
Take it all and all. the three days'
sport at Union ParK should be the most
sensational and exciting ever witnessed
on the coast.
W. C. Glasson's Terrona is being pre
pared for the game again, after being
laid up with a broken too for several
weeks. Johnson's Tod Sloan will also be
running in a few weeks, as he has fully
recovered from his recent illness.
Metallic. Rossiter's great English bitch,
has been bred to i_min Pasha, and a par
ticularly fast lot of youngsters should
result. Emm Pasha's get have won more
money than any other sires at Union
Park.
Next week's stakes at Union Park will
be Consolation Puppy and an open event.
No puppy winning third money will be
eligible to enter the Consolation stake,
thus giving som« of the youngsters a
chance to pull down the long end of the
purse. The week following will be the
regular monthly Sapling and an open
stake.
MOSQUITO FLEET
WILL RACE
OFF EL CAMPO.
The hop set down for last Saturday on
the programme of the San Franclscos
was deferred until later In the month,
and a cruise to Petaluma Drawbridge sub
stituted. Vice-Commodore G. T. S.
White's sloop Will o' the Wisp, Arthur
D. Naylor's sloop Twilight and C. Chit
tenden's yawl Phyllis sailed up to the
drawbridge; next day they came down to
McNears Landing, and returned on Mon
day to Sausallto. Commodore Dr. T. L.
Hill contented himself with a Sunday
sail to Paradise Cove; on board his sloop
Cygnus were Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Lang
stroth, Mrs. T. L. Hill, C. Hill and Ar
thur Inkersley.
None of the boats of the San Francisco
fleet having entered the Pacific Interclub
Yacht Association's regatta yesterday, the
scheduled cruise to Napa was made. The
following yachts were expected to take
part: Commodore Dr. T. L. Hill's sloop
Cygnus, A. D. Naylor's sloop Twilight
A. Sutherland's sloop Catherine, J R
Savory's sloop Juanita and the vawi
Phyllis, chartered by H. Dot and the
Follansbee brothers. The plan was to
reach Napa City last night, sail or tow
back to Vallejo to-day and return to
morrow to view the Corinthian small
yacht regatta at El Campo. Vice-Commo
dore G. T. S. White, who rarely misses a
club event, being unable to join the cruise
to Napa, gave the regatta committee of
the association the use of his sloop Will
o' the Wisp as leeward stakeboat yester
day.
Last Saturday the following Corinthian
yachts cruised to Vallejo: Vice-Commo
dore A. Thome's yawl Seven Bells, J M
Mattoon's Amigo, ex-Commodore J. W
Pew's Truant, Commodore Carl Wester
feld's Aeolus and the sloop Emma. On
Sunday they were joined by A. J. Young's
sloop Clara. The sloops Truant and
Emma sailed to the mouth of Suisun
Creek on Sunday. The sloops Pride and
Ella cruised to McNears, where the
schooner Chisna and the vawi Frolic of
the San Franciscos. also "lay at anchor.
W. G. Morrow, financial secretary of the
San Franclscoe, returned to the city some
days ago after an absence of several
weeks. Last Sunday evening the only
boats lying at anchor in front of the San
Francisco clubhouse were the schooner
Riimona, the sloops Cygnus, Scout and
Catherine, the cutter Folly and the launch
Alberta. The rest of the fleet wore out
on extended cruises.
Allen M. Clay, who has rendered so
many services to the yachtsmen of San
Francisco Bay, has lately put up a pair
of davits at the California clubhouse.
A good list of entries is expected for
the Corinthian Bmall yacht regatta off **|
Campo to-morfow. Any yacht not ex
ceeding twenty-four feet on the load
water line may enter, canoes or White
halls not being eligible. Yachts should be
sailed to Paradise Cove In the forenoon
and their captains should report on board
the flagship Aeolus not later than 11 30
a. m. There will be one-gun starts and
no time allowance. The course will be
fixed by the committee, and the racing
rules of the Corinthian Yacht Club will
control. Cups will be given as first prizes,
and flags as second prizes, in each class.
Violin Recital.
Little Kathleen Parlow, the talented
seven-year-old violin virtuoso, will give
a recital In Sherman . • Hall Tuesday
evening. She will be assisted by the
Press Club Quartet— Frank Coffin and R
F. Tilton, tenors; W. J. Batchelder and
Charles Parent Jr., basses. The reper
toire includes selections from Gounod's
"Faust," Sebastian Bach's "Chaconne"
and other favorites.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1898.
OLYMPICS AND
COLLEGE FOOT
BALL MANAGERS.
The Olympic Club and tne two colleges
are now playing a game of diplomacy,
and it looks very much as if the Olympics
would win. Originally the Olympic Club
asked the colleges for the entire receipts
of the athletic club-university football
games and they asseverated that they
could not play unless this concession was
made by the college team managers. The
reason for this demand on the part of the
Olympic Club Is on account of the vast ex
penses of running a team throughout the
season and the comparative smallness of
the revenue. The colleges draw their
greatest revenue from the big game on
Thanksgiving day, and thus their ex
penses are more than counterbalanced by
the Income of the season.
The Olympic Club officials have tried to
persuade the managers of the college
teams that they are in duty bound to hand
over the entire net receipts, but the col
lege financiers are not of the same opin
ion. Brown of California is at present do
ing Berkeley's work, but Pritchard of
Stanford has not yet appeared upon the
scene. He has delegated a deputy In his
place, however, and the battle of diplo
macy is going on. The universities need
the practice which they derive from the
match games with the athletic club teams.
The two universities are satisfied to allow
the Olympics 75 per cent of the receipts of
every game played. Last year the most
that could be got out of the college man
agers was 60 per cent. But the Olympic
('Tub will stand out for more and there
is every probability that they will get it.
There is every promise of a successful
season. The Olympics will go into train-
Ing quarters soon after the financial prob
lem is settled. They will dine in some
.A. IDEEFL JitHAIE/.IS WANTED.
An immense forked horn named by the residents of Point Reyes Old Tocaloma has been an annoyance to hunt
ers this season. The deer in question has been shot at frequently, but the fortunate hunter has yet to be named who
will bag the muchly prized beauty.
Old Toe has maimed several dogs this year, and last Sunday he disemboweled a grand hound named Music
the property of Mr. Carrigran of Dunham, Carrigan & Hayden Co. Music was in charge of the well-known
deer-slayer, Al Newman, who wagered that with this well-trained dog he would terminate the happy browsing days
of the Marin County monarch. But Toe charged the dog before the hunters had an opportunity of drawing a bead
on the game, and escaped, leaving the hound all but dead. Newman, Malloy, Dietz, Taylor and three other prom
inent sportsmen will endeavor to bag his highness to-morrow, and if they happen to be successful the town of Toca
loma will be painted red.
down-town cafe and practice nightly at
Central Park. The material this year has
never been better and the interest in the
game by players on this side of the bay
never more intense. Captain Pete Smith
has at least ten men of reputation and
ability in hand at the present time and
some very good raw material to develop
If there is a necessity for It. The Olympic
team of this year will see some new as
well as some old faces in it.
The work at the colleges has been going
on in the same spirit that marks all pre
liminary work. At Berkeley Cochran is
taking the raw material in hand and de
veloping it in remarkable style. His most
promising subject is Athern. the Pomona
giant of strength. All the old men are out
and the freshmen are being marshaled In
the ranks as fast as they are discovered.
At Palo Alto the preliminary work is
about beginning. This is the first week of
college, and Captain Fisher has been the
busiest of men. He Is looking out for ma
terial and nothing escapes him. Anybody
who is of a height and breadth that look's
well on a gridiron is sure to receive a per
sonal call from Captain Fisher and there
Is nothing left for the possible football
player but to pledge himself as a candi
date for honors of the pigskin variety.
AQUATIC SPORTS AT
THE SUTRO BATHS.
The greatest swimming event of the
season will take place at Sutro Baths on
Sunday, between Sid Cavill, champion
swimmer of Australia, and Dan Green
champion 220-yard swimmer of the Pacific
Coast. The distance will be 220 yards
Sid Cavill has grained a record in Aus
tralia, which is 2:37 for 220 yards.
Dan Green has made the same distance
in 2:40 repeatedly, and is training hard to
beat the Australian champion.
A GREAT BOUT
BETWEEN
CLEVER BOXERS.
At the forthcoming exhibition of the
National Athletic Club two Pacific Coast
championships will be determined. The
contest between Green and McConnell
will bring forth a middleweight champion i
of the Pacific Coast. The articles of i
agreement make it imperative upon the
referee to name a winner. The contest
between "Kid" McFaddcn and Fred j
Maynard will result in a bantam weight
champion of the Pacific Coast. Although
these contestants have signed for ten
rounds. It is also agreed that, if neces- i
sary, the referee can call additional |
rounds up to twenty, as a winner must
be named.
George Green is doing good work at the
Seal Rock House, and Frank McConnell
Is getting in shape at Croll's, Alameda.
A great battle is anticipated between
these new candidates for middleweight
honors. Both Green and McConnell have
been trying hard to keep In the welter
weight class, but they have both learned
by experience that they must graduate
to the heavier division. They signed to
weigh 152 pounds at 3 p. m. on the day
of contest, September 23.
The bantams, McFadden and Maynard,
will make it highly interesting for the
audience, and their contest alone will un
doubtedly be worth the price of admis
sion.
The directors of the National Athletic
Club received a letter from Billy La
vigne yesterday, reiterating his accept
ance by wire of the match with Tom
Tracey In October in this city. This
match will attract world-wide attention,
as the lightweight championship of the
world will be at stake. Tracey can do
137 pounds with ease, and for years has
longed for the opportunity the National
k1."...^Sk 1 ."...^S hlm of «? e °tlng the "Saginaw
Kid." The date of the contest will be
some time the latter part of October,
Lavigne fights Erne on the 12th inst.
The Western Athletic Clu*b, which is
managed by Charles Lang and Martin
Murphy will give a fistic sW In Wood
wari's Pavilion on the 20th. The event
of the evening will be a twenty-round
contest between Jimmy Lawlor and Sam
Maxwell They have agreed to fight at
132 pounds. On the same evening Jimmy
Rlley and "Kid" O'Brien will box ten
rounds. Young Peter Jackson and M.
McCormick will also punch at each other
for ten rounds.
Professor Walter Watson, the far-famed
instructor of boxing. Is now teaching the
young idea how to properly defend him
self ln case of necessity at 417 Ellis street.
Professor Watson has an International
reputation second to none, having taught
boxers of note in London. New York and
San Francisco, among whom might be
mentioned eleven winners of the amateur
championship of England, numerous win
ners of prlxes ln the San Francisco Olym
pic Club, James J. Corbett and many
others.
Charged With Grand Larceny.
Mrs. Mary Hansen, the wife of a sa
loon-keeper at 735 Mission street, was ar
rested at an early hour yesterday morn
ing: by Policeman T. C. Murphy and
booked at the City Prison on a charge
of grand larceny. The complaining wit
ness Is Edward McCormlck. 816 Illinois
street, who alleges that he met Mrs. Han
sen on Third street and she. took him to
her room. He was so drunk that he fell
asleep on a chair, and when he awak
ened Ala purse, containing $10, was f one.
RUSSIAN RIVER
FOR A
ROWING REGATTA.
Dr. Pless of the South Ends, W. C.
Espy of the Pioneers, S. J. Pembroke of
the Alamedas, J. R. Bockman of the
Arieis and A. H. Rothkopf of the Dol
phins visited Guerneville on Sunday to
look into the possibility of holding a re
gatta on Russian River. They found a
fine straightaway course of one and a half
miles, with a width of about 200 feet, and
the railroad running alongside, so that
the spectators might view the whole
course from flat cars provided with seats.
It Is proposed to give at this spot, which
is situated in the midst of beautiful
scenery, a two days' water carnival, with
barge and skiff races, swimming contests,
tuga of war and other sports.
Last Saturday the Alameda Boat Club
gave a reception to their victorious barge
crew. There were songs and recitations,
speeches and instrumental music, the
chief contributors to the evening's enter
tainment being Messrs. Young and Ham
mersmith, Professor Katzenbacn's quar
tet and some members of Company G of
the Eighth California Regiment. ""Pop"
Maass sang an amusing composition of
his own, and S. J. Pembroke told of the
doings of the Alamedas at Astoria.
Among the present were City Clerk Lam
born, J. R. Nolan and other Alameda offi
cials, William Thomas and W. A. McGrill
of the South Ends, T. J. Kennedy, J.
Laib. J. R. Keenan, A. H. Rothkopf and
A. W. Pape of the Dolphins. Eugene
Flanders and P. J. Enright of the Arieis.
The Pioneers made the trip from the city
In their eight-oared barge in one and a
half hours; on the return the barge, car
rying eighteen, was towed to the mouth
of the creek.
The Pioneers held their monthly meet-
Ing on Sunday and elected six new mem
bers. C. Ochs went out for Dractiro in o
skiff. ' p ua ln a
Several of the Olympic rowing men are
lat present away on their vacating!
their return a meeting with reference
the formation of the proposed new boat
club will be held P™posea new boat
j The South End "Midgets ■' while no
knowledging that they- were defeated £
Astoria, think that fortune favored the
Alameda crew, and are anxious to rl
trieve their honor at the cnamnionshfn
regatta. F. Dupllssea went oufon iSK
day for practice in a shell and will kwn
ln training for the senior shell phim P
pionship. l)r. C. C. Dennis J I vons a£d
G. Bates are going out in 'skiffs- H \fn
Arthur is practicing In a shell' accom"
panied by M. Breen ln a skiff The r>nl
phins in their new barge visited the South
End boathouse on Sunday as also did
Chapman of the Stockton ""Giants " The
| att . er reported that rowing excites very
little Interest ln Stockton now and that
no crews are practicing for the eham
glonsnips. This is to be regretted for the
Stockton men have a fine racing boat and
" sea \° row in excellent style. Our San
ff Ira1 ra ' 1 £ ll j 3C0 1 oarsmen were always ready to
}'![ It r f l i ockto J\ and were &'»<* to see Stock
| ion representatives contesting events here
♦ v. Th <? re I s a ? ood deal of rivalry among
the South End men for seats in the junior
barge crew, but. as the club has to organ
ize two fresh crews, a Junior and an in
termediate, there will be room for all the
good oarsmen. V. Coster Is very likely
to get a place ln one of the crew's.
The Dolphin intermediate crew is prac
ticing regularly on Tuesday and Thurs
day evenings and Sunday mornings. On
Sundays the new barge is used.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Buah and Larkln its. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. S&ltwaterdlrect from ocean.
FIVE-MILE ROAD
RACE AT
SAN LEANDRO.
Ti.e only club event of Importance to
morrow Is the five-mile handicap road
race of the Olympic Club 'Wheelmen over
the San Leandro - Haywards course.
There Is a good entry list and as the
roads are fine, fast time is expected. None
of the other clubs have called runs, .is
the majority of the members went to
San Jose for the races yesterday and
will remain over to-morrow.
The following will start In the Olympic
race: E. F. Russ, George P. Fuller, J.
E. Wing and E. A. Bozio from s.Tatcn;
E,i Stanley, H. D. Bean, L. H. Smith, J.
Hammersmith, E. O. Kragness, Frank
Cuiroll, George Kroetz, Bert Edwards, Ed
Adams and T. O. Ford, from various
handicaps to be announced to-day.
The Olympic's race will start at .10.30
a. m. Members will take the 0 o'clock
broad gauge ferry.
J. E. Wing may make his postponed
trial against the ten-mile road record
from Fruitvale to Haywards to-morrow
if he can get the requisite pacing. The
attempt was postponed last Sunday for
that reason. Alter his grilling ride
against "Bunt" Smith at San Jose yes
terday, however, he may not be in shape
to uo it.
Captain W. L. Loos took a large party
of Olympic wheelmen on a run to San
Jose yesterday morning to witness the
races and cheer Wing on to victory. They
left the club house at 7 a. m., riding
down on this side of the bay, and most
of the party arrived considerably before
noon.
This was the only called run for San
Jose, though a large number of Bay
Citys, Imperials, Acmes and other cluo
men went down In parties Of three and
four.
The road racing comm.Uee of the As
sociated Clubs has appointed the follow
ing officials to act at the big annual
twenty-mile race on Sunday, September
IS: Referee, -ames M. Hamilton, Bay
City Wheelmen; judges, Charles -....jert
Adams, Olympic Club Wheelmen; Frank
H. Kerrigan, Bay City Wheelmen; J. B.
i^amkln, Garden City Wheelmen; E. B.
Jerome, Reliance Club Wheelmen; J. J.
Allen, Acme Club Wheelmen; James E.
kittle. Capital City Wheelmen.
Timers— George P. Wetmore, Bay City
Wheelmen; H. D. Hadenfeldt, Olympic
Club Wheelmen; A. P. Swain, Acme Club
Wheelmen; J. T. Bniiey, San Jose Cycling
Club; Joseph A. Desimor.e Jr., Garden
City Wheelmen; Joseph T. Lewis, San
Francisco Road Club; F. W. Sharp, Acme
Club Wheelmen; John Elliott, Olympic
Club Wheelmen; Henry F. Wynne," Bay
City Wheelmen.
Clerk of course— Jules F. Hancock, Bay
City Wheelmen.
Starter— John Kitchen Jr., Acme Club
Wheelmen; assistants— John S. Egan. Im
perial Cycling Club; H. F. Hahn, Olympic
Club Wheelmen.
Chief marshal — George P. Thorn, Gar
den City Wheelmen.
Scorers — Stanley G. Scovcrn, Cycling
West: W. B. Fawcett. Elmhurst; C. N.
Ravlln, Western Sports; S. J. McKnight,
Vallejo; C. J. Belioli. San Jose; George
E. Owen, San Jose; F. Johnson.
Chief umpire — Horace V. Scott, Olympic
Club Wheelmen.
The entries for the big event close on
September 15, with the road racing com
mittee, the chairman of which is W. L.
Loos, 214 McAllister street, city. •
The Joint club run of the Olympic Club
Wheelmen and Bay City Wheelmen to
Mission San Jose two weeks from to-mor
row will probably be the biggest affair of
its kind which ever left San Francisco.
The list at the Bay City Club house of
those who will attend the run is already
longer than any number who have gone
on one of the club's country outings be
fore, and the captain of the Olympics
expects to make an equally large show
ing. At destination, the grounds of the
Gallegos winery, the riders will be enter
tained by Messrs. Montealegre, Gallegos
and Salazar, members of the two clubs,
and if the crowd has half as good a time
as the Bay Citys enjoyed when down
there last year they will be more than
well repaid for their trip.
H. W. SPALDING.
MORE TROUBLE BREWING
AMONG KENNEL CLUBS.
At the July convention of kennel clubs
it was loudly asserted that the coast
might Just as well ask the A. K. C. to
revert to the old classification as to ask
for any lesser concession. "Go the whole
hog" was the cry. Yet the rules commit
tee has considered the minority report
of that convention, and has decided to
recommend to the A. K. C. the adoption
of one of the propositions, and it
is probable that dogs will require to
score five times in the winners' class be
fore gaining their championship. The
majority report was refused consideration
altogether, on the grounds that three of
the clubs voting therefor were not mem
bers of the A. K. C, and that one of th«j
delegates was "not in good standing."
and could therefore take no part in the
matter pertaining to the A. K. C.
S. Christenson, who merits the sympa
thy of all dog lovers by reason of the
death of that splendid bull terrier, Wood
cote Venom, is considering the question
of acquiring a successor to the deceased
prize-winner. Mr. Christenson's choice
will undoubtedly prove worthy of his
judgment.
B. Bryon of Alameda owns a Great
Dane bitch by Victor ex Princess Dagmar
that has rare discrimination in the mat
ter of chickens. Queen Olga will only
eat black ones, but she. will go to great
lengths for these. The bitch whf>n only
a puppy scored first novice at San Jose
and second limit at San Francisco. From
present appearances her development is
such that she will top the winners'
class at the next show, no matter what
the company may be.
Charles Weedon and James B. Clothier,
carpenters who have been working on the
kennel at Menlo Park, are about to be
gin suit against E. V. Sullivan- for the
wages due them. They have been ad
vised to place a mechanic's lien on the
property
The Ilfth annual bench show of the
British Columbia Kennel Club will be
held at New Westminster. B. C. from
October 5 to October S Inclusive. The club
in affiliated with the Canadian Kennel
Club and wins will berecognized. Valua
ble cash prizes are offered, and It is
expected that a large contingent of local
dogs will be entered.
Robert K. Gardner and H. S. Betten
have established a copartnership, and
will open amateur kennels for the break-
Ing and training of candidates for field
trial honors. For the Derby they have
entered Val Mark and Peach Nugget, by
Valtente out of Peach Mark, and Verona
California, by Count Gladstone IV out of
Daisy Craft. For the all age Server G is
their candidate.
More trouble is on the tapis. The coun
try kennel clubs of the coast are about
to call a meeting to secede from the A.
K. C. and to organize an Independent
coast league. The officials of the San
Francisco Kennel Club are unanimous in
asseverating their resolution to stand and
fall with the A. K. C, and to ignore ut
terly such local body, should it be form
ed. They declare that they have done
enough to placate the country clubs, and
now that the A. K. C. is about to con
cede what the late convention requested,
all reason for secession has vanished.
A Bag Party.
To-night members of Sherwood Circle
of the Companions of the Forest will en
tertain He friends at a rag party to be
•riven In Social Hall, Foresters' building.
NOTES BAGGED
ON THE
BALL FIELDS.
The Stockton Club has secured Third
Baseman Babbitt from the Tacoma Club.
W. E. Work, the manager of that club,
writes that Babbitt, in his judgment, is
one of if not the best third basemen in
the Pacific Northwest League. Billy
Work is considered one of the best judges
in the country of a young ball player.
San Jose, Santa Cruz and the Athletics
are tie for second place, and if Oakland
can win her three games this week, she
will pass all of them. This is the closest
race ever seen in a California baseball
league. There are only six games be
tween the first live clubs.
The games to be played this week
should prove the most interesting of th»
season, and the six h.^hest clubs have a
cnance to better tneir position very ma
terially before Sunday night. The fifth
club has a chance to be in second place
at that time.
The San Jose Cluo expects to have
Third Baseman Dea of the Seattle Club
with its team this week. It has ahso
wired terms to Pitcher Andrews of the
Tacoma Club. Andrews is considered as
good a pitcher as Borchers.
The San Francisco Club has received
terms from Tom Parrott of the famous
baseball Parrott family of Portland, and
expects to land him and Outfielder Dal
ryrnple of the Tacoma team before Sun
day of this week.
The Athletics have released Outfielder
Pyne for becomln"- intoxicated on their
last trin to San Jose. He came to the
game last Monday in this condition, and
Manager Crowley refused to allow him
to put on a uniform. He should be kept
out of the league in the future, as this i*
the third club he has broken faith, with
this season.
Cars will run from Market and Eighth
streets on next Sunday during the hours
of the game. The electric road will not
be completed for *->out twoo weeks.
The Market Street Company will put
on the horsecars for t,ie occasion of each
game previous to the completion of tha
road. Transfers will be issued from uio
Market street cars running both east and
The Santa Cruz and Athletics will meet
on the Recreation Park diamond to-day.
The following will be the make-up:
Santa Cruz. Position. Athletics.
E. Daubenbis... Pitcher Fitzpatrick
C. Daubenbis... Catcher Ford
Fitzge ral d First base Scott
Arrellanes Second base Reilly
Devereaux Third base Johnson
Williams Shortstop Stultz
Streib Left field McLaughlin
Mclntyre Center field Eager
Burge Riprht field... Hilderbrand
The San Francisco Road Club has an
Indian pitcher who is said to be a won
der.
AMONG THE BATSMEN
AND THE BOWLERS.
To-morrow the fifth match of the s-a
son between the Alameda and Pacific
Cricket clubs, which was begun last Sun
day, will be continued at the Golden Gate
ground. The Pacifies, being 81 runs
short, will follow on. The principal fea
ture of last Sunday's play was the
steadiness of Cookson's bowling; out of
20 overs tj wore maidens, and in the last
25 balls he took five wickets at a cost of
13 runs.
In the cricket tournament recently
played at Santa Monica the Los Angeles
eleven on August 31 defeated a team com
posed of residents of Duarte, Azusa and
Co vina, and playing under the name of
the County eleven. The Los Angeles
eleven, made up of Cawston. Bateman,
Walker. Chapman. Scott, Squire, Betts.
Bellfield, Mutch. Johnson and Ball,
scored lt>9 runs, of which total Scott made
68. Bateman 25 and Walker 20. The
County team, comprising Patterson, Man
ning, Ward, Young, Wickins. Pedley,
».inthrop. Clapp, Starr, Bruce and Barry,
scored 124 runs, to which Winihrop con
tributed 32 and Patterson 25.
On September 1, the second day of the
tournament, the Santa Monica team, with
a score of 147. defeated the Los Angeles
eleven, who scored Mil. Young scored
54 runs for the winners and Chapman 41
for the losers. The Santa Monica team
included J. A. Lester, the star batsman
of the Haverford ollege eleven, which
toured through England in 1596, playing
against the teams of the great English
schools. Against Shrewsbury Lester
scored 96 runs, against Cheltenham Col
lege 29 and 64, against Winchester Col
lege 11 and 34 not out, against Rugby 135
not out, against Ha.^v.jury 18 not out,
against Marlborough 91, against Mary
lebone Cricket Club 105. against Upping
ham 53, against Repton 91. against Har
row 28 and 12 not out, against Charter
house 58. against Eton 51, against Cliftor.
52. against Malvern 84 and 3<, and against
Cambridge University Long Vacation
Club 96. Besides this, he took 40 wickets
out of 136 bowled during the tour.
HANDBALL PLAYERS
WILL MEET TO-MORROW.
Captain Jack Riordan, late of the Ma
nila rangers and now director general of
Phil Ryan's handball court, has an
nounced the following games to be played
to-morrow:
S. V. Costello and W. R. Borllnl vs. W. H.
Sieberst and W. H. Kedtan.
L. Waterman and E. MrDonough vs. J. R.
Bockman and D. J. Pheehan.
J. White and E. Curley vs. R. Murphy and
J. Collins.
J. Leonard and W. Manion vs. P. Ryan and
M. Basch.
D. Rodgers and L. Corralne vs. M. McNeil
and G. McDonald.
J. C. Nealon and J. Riordan vs. T. F. Bon
net and R. Linehan.
Ttie remaining single-handed games between
A. Hampton and J. Collins will also be played.
ADVEBTISEKENTS. "; ' .
DOCTOR SWEANY I
|_| E RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
II vitality- to weak men. .Organs of
the body which have been weakened r
thrciugh disease, overwork, excesses "or 1
indiscretions are restored to perfect '
health and strength through his new
and original system of - treatment.
X I JP'rU KB cured by his new method,
without knife, truss or detention from -
work a painless, sure and ; permanent '
Ture .VAKICO€:EI.E.-.hydrocele.
swelling ami tenderness of the glands
treated witl* unfailing success. ( onttt. v
clou* blood poiNontn'any of Its
stages ' thoroughly eradicated from ' the
system. l^«i dies will, receive "special
attention for "' their many ailments.
WRITE 1/ you cannot call. JSo. charge
for advice by mail. He will also send
you a valuable book, "Guide to Health,"
free of charge. Address F. ;L. "
SWEANY, M. D., 737 Market street, San
Francisco, Cal. >
gftere rrtgfr RUPTURE.
Wfih\ \7^jßß .USE NO MORE IRON
ißaiL^M' Hoc ps or Steel Springs.
■k^jHßffsr^^ Rupture retained with ease
■--^*THK?C an <l comfort, and thousands radl-
■ /Mi callv CURED by DR. PIERCE' 3 .
% /^m Magnetic Elastic TrUK«. IDrCall at
. MkSP. ot&ce write for New Pamphlet No. V.
i • MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
820 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco'
1 1NQLESIDE COURSING PARK. ,
THREE MAGNIFICENT STAKES i; ;
CHAMPIONS— MAIDENS-SAPLINOMk ;^;:;
ALL : RUNNING— I 22 ', DOGS— ALL RUNNING. ' :
TO-DAT, IP. M.— TO-MORROW. U A. M. - .THE PASTIMES OF A HOLIDAY
IT WAS A RED
HOT FINISH
Sand Crabs Just Van
quish the Frisco Boys.
TWO GRAND-STAND RALLIES
VICTORY WAS SNATCHED FROM
THE JAWS OF DEFEAT.
A Wildly Enthusiastic Crowd Revels
in One of the Most Exciting
Games of the
Season.
By Joe Corbett
Never was the uncertainty of baseball
demonstrated in such a manner as yes
terday at Recreation Park, and never did
a collection of fanatics, proportionately
speaking, make such a racket as those
•who were fortunate enough to be present
at yesterday's game between the Sand
Crabs and San Franciscos, In which the
latter club met defeat at a time when
victory was all but assured.
Very often it so happens that a team at
the last moment, when victory seems be
yond reach, will, by opportune hitting,
Intermingled with an occasional error and
a good share of luck, snatch victory from
the very jaws of defeat, but very rarely
does It so happen that two such Instances
become a reality within the space of two
Innings.
This, however, is what occurred yester
day afternoon, and before a great crowd
of enthusiasts, or rather native sons, who
had wended their way in the direction of
•-•i' Eighth and Harrison street grounds,
it being a day of recreation, etc., with
them, and necessarily a day which brings
forth those secreted noisy efforts.
• In. the eighth inning came the first as
surance that a game is never over until
the last man is out, and with this assur
ance came that outburst of effort which
would nave done honor to a departing
transport. ■ . .
The Friscos made a rally. This state
ment. 1 realize, is a trifle broad, but it Is
a fact, and the result of this effort netted
three runs, and. as every one luought, the
game. Hut. as 1 previously mentioned,
the uncertainty of baseball was here dem
onstrated, not in t.ie fact that the Friscos
, made three runs In one inning, but in the
surprising rally made by their opponents,
.the Sand Crabs, in the following inning,
which resulted in the same number of
runs and the contest beyond doubt, for
.■■ I must here mention that me Sand Crabs
made their runs In the ninth inning and
i fie Friscos in the eighth.
Description would be beggared wore I
to attempt a reproduction on paper of
§the excitement of that howling mob. as
.It appeal eu during these two stages of
. uncertainty. Suffice it to say the fans
threw their hats in the air. hugged each
other, and then tiled through the gates,
wondering how it was that the fates
.. were so cruel to the Friscos and Incident
'• ally lauding the performance of Mr.
Bain, the only emergency hitter in the
Hand Crabs' line-up.
Halsz sprung Into prominence during 1 the
contest in JusJ about half a second and,
consequently, it may be easily conjectured
that success, In baseball, depends largely
upon opportunity. This fact, however,
makes but little difference. Baits z was
. sent to bat In the ninth Inning with a
. 'man on second and one on third base,
two men out and two runs needed to win
the game, the score standing 3, to 2 In
favor of the Friscos. It was a ticklish
situation, and 1 for one did not think it
possible for him to score these runs. It
took him just a half second to convince
me otherwise, for he sent the first ball
pitched safe Into center Held, and the
game was over, for the Friscoe, in their
half, failed to make even the semblance
of- a run.
Dalsz was, therefore. th« hero of this
grand game, yet close upon his heels
comes Smith of the Frisco's.
This chap played a grand game at short
stop, accepting many difficult chances and
making the hit in the eighth Inning which
put his cohorts ahead for a period.
Without argument Smith was easily the
ptnr of the game and Balss the hero, be
cause his side was victorious.
Next to these two both teams were
equal, they playing the same kind of a
game and displaying great ability, es
pecially In the field. Krug and Dauben
1)5 pitched well, both experiencing a fatal
Inning, the latter, however, having a
shade the better of things all the way
through. Not a run was made off him
until the rally in the eighth came to pa.««.
nnd as Bals7 took his place in the final
Inning I cannot state how he would have
fared had he been permitted to continue.
The game, all through, was beautifully
• played In every department, the uncer
tain ending giving it the name of the best
contest seen this season. The score fol
lows:
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
M'lntyrr., c. t 5 0 2 0 4 0 -0
• William*! s. * 4 0 0 10 4.1
T^v-P'.-uix. 3 b 4 0 2 0 2 3 0
PrrUl.. I. f 4 0 0 0 3 0;v*0
C. DfiulH-nbHv C....4 0 0 0 4 1 0
Arrellanes. 2 b 3 110 3 3 0
FitKKeraki. 1 b 3 2 1 0 10 0 0
Bur**, rf ... « 1 2 0 1 0 0
E. Daubenbls. p 4 0 0 0 0 1 0
Balsz, p 1 1 1 0 0 0:5:0
Totals 35 7 ~D "l 27 12 T
RAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Smith, .. » 4 1 » 0;l 6 0
II Kruir p 4 0 1 0 0 1 0
. Murphy. 1 1. 4 0 2 1. 10 0 0
Monahaa, 3 b 4 0 1 03-2 0
Hull. 2 b 3 0 0 10 10
Hammond, c 4 0 0 0 6 1 1
• Btroecker, r. f 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Croll. I. f 3 10 0 4 1-1
Shea, c. f 0 1 0.0 2 0 0
Total* 30 1 6 ■•" 2 »26 12 1
r'Mclntyre out for interfering with fielder.
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Panta Cruz 0 0 0 0 10 0 0 3—4
Hani* hits ....1 110 10 1 0 4-9
San Francisco 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 3 0-3
Base hits -r.O 10 10 0 12 o—6
SUMMARY.
Run* responsible for— nbl* 8. Knig 3.
Two-base ArrrlUnes. ! Surer 2. Smith,
Murphy. Sacrifice hit— Hall. Bum? on errors—
H.it; Francisco 1. Tla»p» on balls— Sniita Crux 4.
Pan Francisco 4. Left on boi<<'»— Smita Cruz 7.
Sun- KrniK-is'o 3. Struck out— By Dnubeiibls
3. by Knur 3. Hit hy r— Shea. Double
filay— Arrrtlonm to Fitzgerald. Passed ball—
lammond. Umpire — Smith. .
nine- "'," ', .'
HONORS EVEN.
Stocktons and Gilt Edges Do
Doughty Battle at Sacramento. .
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 9.— The Gilt Edge
and the Stockton ball trams played two
games sit Snowflake Park this afternoon,
the first being 'captured by the Gilts by
a score of 15 to 10, the second being
landed by the Stocktonitcs by a score of
■ sto 2. The first game was extremely
rugged and was replete with long drives,
stupid blunders and rank errors. The
features were a home run by Doyle,
which brought In Hutchinson, and . the
preat backstop work of big Bill Pace,
who worked for the Stocktons. The score
In detail follows:
. . GII/T edgk.
ab. 11. bh. SB. PO. a. E.
Peeples, 31) 5 2 10 11 C
Hutehinson, 2 b 4 2 2 0/4 2.0
. Doyle, r. t... 6 2. 2 112 1
Stanley, c .5 3 2 0 7 10
Lockluad, s« 6 2 10 2 2 0
Walker, c. f 6 1 i 0 * 0 0
• Shanuhan, 1 b 6 0 0 0 5 0 1
Borland 1. f.. ....... 6 12 12 0 1
"Harvey, p 6 2 2 0 l 0 0
♦ Totals ...4S .15 15 -2 27 8 :S
STOCKTON. ■
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
. Selna. r. f.... ........ 4 3 4 « 1 0 0
Knell, p.... ...6 12 10 10
Smith. 2 b.. ...4 0 0 0 3 3 1
Pace. c...... .....4 110 3 2 1
Billings. ss.V... 4 0 10 13 3
Borchere, 1 b.. ...... 4 0 ' 10 8 0 1
Muller, 1. f 4 3 2 0 4 0 0
Rice. c. f 5 0 0 0 4 0 1
White, 3 b 4 2 2 0 3 4 3
Totalß 37 10 IS 1 27 IS 10
RI'NS BY INNINGS.
Gilt Edge 3 3 10 0 4XI 2-15
Base hits 1 2 2 10 3 3 1 2— lC
Stockton 1 0 2 0 0 0 4 2 o— lo
Base hits 1 0 3 0 2 0 4 S o—l 3
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Doyle, S; Knell, 10.
Home run — Doyle. Three-base hits — Stanley,
Borland and Liockhead. Sacrifice hits— Doyle
<2), Hutchlnson. First base on errors— Gilt
Edge. Si Stockton. 1. First base on balls— Off
Doylo. 3; off Knell, 3. Left on bases— Gilt
Edge. S; Stockton, 6. Struck out— By Doyle, 6;
by Kneil, 2. lilt by pitcher— Selna and Hutch
ins.-in. Double plays— Doyle to Lioekhead: BU
llnsrs to Pace to White. Time of grame— 2:ls.
Umpire— O'Connell. Scorer— G. A. Grlffln.
The Second Game.
The second game was a great battle
between great pitchers. George Borch
ers and "Silent" Harvey were both in
great form and straightened out to do
a little better than their best. Both men
were very effective, and while the ball
was frequently touched, base hits were
as scarce as hens' teeth.
Up to the first seven innings neither
team had got a man across the plate.,
In their half of that inning, with two
men on bases, Muller of Stockton lined
out a two-bagger, scoring Billings and
Borchers. The Stocktons rolled up three
more In the eighth, while the Gilts pegged
! niio each In the eighth and ninth. The
I following table tells the tale:
GILT EDGE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Peeples. 3 b 4 0 1 0 1 0 0
Hulihinson. 2 b 2 0 0 0 110
Doyle. 2 I, & r. 1.... 4 1 0 1 2 1 0
Stanley, o 4 0 10 5 0 1
Harvey, p 3 0 0 0 1 4 1
JUocklMad. s. s 3 0 10)41
Walker, c. 1 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Shanahan, 1 b 3 0 0 1 10 1 0
Borland. I. f 3 I 1 0 1 0 1
Dennle. r. f 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 31 2 4 2 24 11 4
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
PRce. c 4 110 3 10
Borcherß. p 4 0 0 10 0 0
Selna. 1 b 3 1 0 0 11 0 0
Knell, r. f 4 110 0 0 0
Smith. 2 b 4 12 0 4 4 0
Hillings, p. s 3 10 0 4 4 1
Rice. c. f 4 0 0 1 6 0 0
Muller, 1. f 4 0 10 111
White. 3 b 3 0 10 111
Totals 3X 5 6 2 27 11 3
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Gilt Edge 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 I—2
Ba*e hits 1 00010011—4
Stockton 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 3 •— 5
Base hits 1 0 0 0 0 12 2 *-€
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Harvey. 4: Borchers, 1.
Two-base hit— Smith. Sacrifice hit— Dennle.
First tmse on errors— Gilt Rdgt> t, Stockton 1.
First base on balls— Off Harvey 2: Borcliers 2.
I^eft on . bHpps— <iilt Bilge 4. Stockton 7.
Struck out— By Harvey, 4. by Borchere 3. Hit
by pitcher— Selna. Double plays— Muller to
Smith to White; Puce to Selna. Time of game—
i >:>.» hour iiiul 25 minutes. Umpire — O'Connell.
Scorer— Grlftln.
OAKLANDS AHEAD.
They Defeat the Florists at the Gar
den City.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 9.— The baseball game
between the San Jose and Oakland teams
was the first event and was won by Oak
land by a score of 2 to 1. The playing
was fine, Pyne, the new short stop for
San Jose, doing excellent work, but the
Onklanders were the bettor batters and
bo came out ahead. The score:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SG. PO. A. E.
Donovan, c. f 4 1 1 0 0 0 0
ONelll. 2b 4 0 10 3 4 1
Lange. 3b 4 12 0 2 6 0
Sullivan, c 2 0 0 17 10
Hardle. r. i A 0 0 0 0 0 0
Bllße, lb 4 0 0 0 13 0 0
Schmeer, s. s 4 0 10 110
M-.sklmon, 1. f 4 0 10 10 0
Russell, p' 4 0 10 0 3 0
Totals .$4 2 6 1 27 15 1
SAN JOSE.
AD. R. BH. 88. PO. A. E.
Brockofr. Sb 4 0 0 0 0 7 2
Hanley, 1. f 4 0 0 0 8 0 1
Pyne, s. s 3 1 0 0 1 2 1
McGuoken, c. t 4 0 10 3 0 0
Jlanlon. lb 8 0 1 1 11 0 0
13 K an. 2b 4 0 10 3 2 1
Foley, r. t 8 0 0 0 0 0 0
Kent, c 3 0 10 8 10
Thomas, p 3 0 10 0 10
Totals 31 1 5 1 24 13 b
RUNS BX INNINGS.
Oakland 00000020 o—2
San Joiie 00010000 o—l
SUMMARY.
Struck out— By Russell 7, by Thomas 1. Rung
responsible for— Thomas 1. Two-hase hltP—Sul
livan, O'Nril!, Kent. Bases on errors — San
Jose 2, Oakland 3. Base* on brills— Off Russell
1, of! Thomas L Double play— Langc to O'Neill
to Biles.
Altos Victorious .
The Altos defeated the Park Hill Stars
yesterday by a score of 18 to 10. The
winners are willing to meet all teams
whose players are under the age of 13
years, the Golden Rule Bazaars or the
Emporiums preferred.
THE KAISER'S TRAVEL MONEY.
A lively controversy Is raging in Berlin
Just now ac to where the money Is to
come from to dofray the coit of the
Kaiser's approaching visit to Jerusalem.
Even though his Majesty is to go as a
Cook's tourist, the expense entailed by
the expedition will be very considerable,
and as- all the world knows, the Imperial
privy purse is by no means too well filled
at the present time. There is a rumor
that the Kaiser may ask his subjects to
come lo his assistance in the matter, and
in consideration of the advantages that
may accrue to the empire from his stay
in the East, add to his civil list a special
grant in aid this year. If he be well ad
vised however, he will think twice— nay,
thrice— before doing anything of the kind,
for Judging by the tone In which the sub
ject Is being discussed, his chance of ob
taining a single pfennig is nil, no matter
how persuasively Dr. yon Miguel may
plead for him. Indeed, bitter complaints
are already to be heard on all Bides as to
the way the civil list has increased In
these latter days. The present Kaiser's
income is more than twice as large as
that which the old Kaiser had. and yet
he is always In sore need of money, to
the infinite dismay of his cneese-paring
Prussians, who cannot conceive what he
does with his income.— Pall Mall Gazette.
THE SAIS FRA:N t CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1898.
HARNESS RACES
AT INGLESIDE
Golden Gate Park Driv
ing Association.
The autumn meeting of Golden Gate
Park Driving Association was opened
yesterday at Injrleside track. The attend
ance was the largest in the history of the
association, and the racing was of the
highest class. The track was slow for
the trotters and pacers, but excellent
time was recorded in several events.
The day was all that could be desired,
there being no chill in the atmosphere
even when the last race was called. So
much was offered in the way of sport
that it was dusk when the horses finished
in the last heat. The fields were large in
A DAY GIVEN OVER TO PLEASURE.
all the races except the free-for-all, in
•which the class of the day was represent
ed. This was won In straight heats by
Chris Peterson, driven by George Berry.
Under the skillful handling of the latter
he showed much improved form. His per
formance In the second heat, which he
won In 2:20, was said by horsemen In at
tendance to be equal to 2:10, the track be
ing estimated as ten seconds slow.
Peterson ruled as favorite throughout,
being backed down from 4 to 5 until the
best to he had against him was 1 to 3. He
made every pom a winning one In each
heat, accounting for the race handily.
C. F. Kapp's Klnf Cadenza won the
fourth race in straight heats. He was as
steady as a clock in the first heat. He
led the greater part of tne distance by
three lengths, and won in a driving finish
from Fairmount Prince. In the second
heat he broke at the quarter when he was
leading his field anu dropped back to
fourth place. His driver steadied him
and he was soon In second place. At the
half he lapped Fairmount Prince, who im
mediately went into tne air. The King
then won all the way up the stretch. He
was the only pacer to win during the aft-
ernoon.
The surprise of the meeting was the
showing made by Lazy Charley in the
fifth race. Hitched to a road cart and pi
loted by an amateur reinsman he nearly
made a runaway win of the first heat.
He broke badly .in the stretch, and could
not finish better than third, jn the sec
ond heat the odds were 8 to 1 against him.
He led his field up to the last furlong,
when Alfred II came with a rush and
beat him out.
T. J. Crowley acted as starting judge,
Frank Q. O'Kane and R. F. Gallagher
1 associate judges and Dr. I. B. Dalziel pa
trol Judge, with D. L. Hacket. clerk.
Charlie Kingsley, the only bookmaker
present, did a rushing business. He was
hit hard In several of the heats. This was
J particularly so in the second heat of the
first race. Bishop Hero won, but was dis
qualified for repeated breaking and the
heat given to Maud Newman.
In the third heat of the second race
James G. Chesky replaced N. Johnson
behind Way Boy. The latter broke badly,
but nevertheless finished second.
The racing will commei.ee this aiter
noon at 1 o'clock. An interesting pro
gramme has been arranged, and the offi
cials desire to complete it in due season.
The summaries of yesterday's racing fol
low:
FIRST RACE.
Mile heats, best 2 in 3.
Bishop Hero (E. Cerciat) 1 6 1
Maud Newman (J. Costello) 2 1 2
Havlland (G. Berry) 6 2 3
Pardee (F. Gommett) 3 6 4
Our .Joe (J. G. Chesley) 5 3 6
Steve S (H. 8. Patrick) 4 4 5
Time, 2:29,4, 2:25%, 2:2U%.
SECOND RACE.
Mile heats, best 2 in 3.
Localeer (Stewart) 6 1 1
Way Boy(N. Johnson &J. G. Chesley). l 3 2
Leo Rose (Dr. T. Miller) 3 2 3
Lullaby fD. Mlzner) 2 6 4
Geo. Wilkes (C. Berry) 4 4 E
Eddie S <W. Ober) 8 5 6
Blanche L (R. T. Leaver) 7 Dr. —
T. Sharkey (X Costello) 5 7 Dr.
Time, 2:35, 2:35, 2:30.
THIRD RACE.
Free for all, mile heats, best 2 In 3.
Chris Peterson (George Berry) 1 1
Plunkett (E. Stewart) i 3 2
Butcher Boy (D. Mtzner) 2 3
Time, 2:23, 2:20.
FOURTH RACE.
Mile heats, best 2 In 3.
King Cadenza (C. F. Kapp) 1 1
Fairmount Prince <W. C. Hammerton) — 2 2
Reatlnous (A. Schwartz) 3 3
Ivan (F. W. Thompson) 5 4
Polo (J. Callftn) 4 6
Admiral Dewey <Cerclat) 6 6
Lottie (C. E. larks) 7 7
Dandy Pat (N. Johnson) 8 8
Time, 2:32, 2:32 ft.
FIFTH RACE.
Mile heats, best 2 In 3.
Alfred H (J. W. Hnmmerton) 1 1
Lazy Charley (E. Clayburgh) 3 2
Klondike (Ohlandt) 2 7
Stockton Maid <H. W. Miller) 4 6
Nettie R (H. Huclcteldt) 5 5
Mabel Leigh (J. O. Costello) 6 4
Kingcraft (J. Crowley) 7 3
Mamie Wllkes (F. Gommet) g 8
Time, 2:36, 2:3S<i-.
The entries for the races to-day follow:
First race— J. Crowley' h Kingcraft; G. Berry's
Q. Wllkes: JT. Costellos Mabel Leigh; J. Ohl
andt's Klondike.
Second rate— E. Stewart's Plunkett; D. Miz
ner'a Butcher Boy.
Third race— J. C. Klrkpatrlck s Azalln; Ij.
Richardson's Fanadma; J. Curley's Prince C:
N. Hr.ttua's Correct; J. CaNens' Carrie C; C.
F. Kipp's Kins Cadenza; C. Newman's Maud
Newman. t , • „
Fourth race — Q. Berry s Al Gregor; J. C.
Klrkpatrlok'H Harvey Mack.
Fifth race— E. E. Parks Lottie; A.
Schwartz's Reatlnouß; E. Cerclafs Admiral
Dewey; J. W. Hamerton's Alfred H.
Sixth race— J. C. Ohlandt's Hat-Bland; J.
Oommetfs Pardee; E. Stewart's Localeer; M.
Reardon's Sir Abbott; N. Johnson's Wayboy.
Alice Riz writes about the "Last
of the Kahunas" in next Sunday's
CalL
SURPRISES FOR
DOG PICKERS
Interesting Coursing in
the Two Parks.
The patrons of Union Coursing Park
were given an exceptionally good card
yesterday, and those who guessed the
"surprises" returned home in a happy
frame of mind with their pockets well
laden with silver and gold. The losers
who played "form" didn't have "the
same old smile" that indicates the win
ner, and on the train back to the city
discussed just how and why they didn't
win. They Indulged In wild speculation
and wilder theories, but when they got
through there was only one verdict to
render, and that was that they failed to
bet on the winning hound. Form is all
right, but form does not always count
at the pool box when the tickets are be
ing cashed.
THIItD ANNUAL REGATTA OF THE PACIFIC INTERCLUB TACHT ASSOCIATION. SAILED SEPTEMBER 9. MODERATE
SOUTHWESTERLY BREEZE. SMOOTH WATER AND FLOOD TIDE.
Racing
Length.
Time
Allowance.
M. S.
Starting
Time.
H. M. S.
Finishing
Time.
H. M. S.
Elapsed
Time.
H. M. S.
Owner.
CLASS.
NAME.
20- foot special
20-foot special
20- foot special
20- foot special
Yawl '.
Yawl
Yawl
25-foot
25-foot
25-foot
25-foot
30-foot
80-foot
80-foot
30-foot
SO-foot
SO-foot
36-foot
36-foot
30-foot
36-foot
36-toot
44-foot
44-foot
44-foot
futtor
ler ,
Ittiwake
iris ...'
?trel
ler ..................
>ray ;......
ope
ipoose ■
erope ................
loenicla
■a. F0x. ..............
•uant ................
Ignon .:. ;..|
Mill.-
and 1...
iwn- .......... —
Ist •
Tibia ................
•cldont ...:...
Ina ••■••
leeri ..;.
■nma ... .. 4 .........
a ra
•ide ..
>eedwell
16.26
IS. 89
41.04
: 29.50
29.03
22.70
22.34 E
21.17
29.24
28.94 '
25.43
26.06
26.08 '
25.19
35.33
34.73
34.17
38 .60
36.53
36.32
Standard
10:04
10:3S
Standard
13:27
16:11
Standard
0:29
1:18
. 4:16
5:23
7:08
Standard
0:44
1:21
. . . ••
Standard
2:IS
2:32
12:00:50
12:01:20
12:00:50
12:02:00
12:01:10
12:11:02
12:13:05
12:12:40
12:22:19
12:22:52
12:24:17
12:20:49
12:21:08
12:21:28
12:34:00
12:35:01
12:31:15
12:35:11
12:fc:47
12:44:58
i 2:45:59
12:30:41
1:51:11
1:21:11
1:16:22
2:33:35
2:57:43
2:37:20
2:49:36
4:27:12
3:34:49
4:10:17
S:M:O6
1:14:21
1:19:51
1:15:32
2:31:38
2:56:33
2:26: 1S
2:36:31
4:14:32
3:12:30
3:47:15
3:11:48
'2:31:38
2:46:29
2:26:18
2:35:51
4:11:55
3:12:30
3:46:46
3:10:30
'3:44146
4:11:26
8:24:35
3:51:32
3:15:10
T. L. Miller.
O. Eastwood.
A. Page.
J. E. MeColloch.
H. L. Pratt.
T. L. Miller.
Duncombe & Brydges.
J. E. Auzerals.
P. W. Hurndall.
l'Hommedleu.
A. M. Clay.
J. W. Pew.
W. J. Humphreys.
C. Westerfeld.
G. F. Gaither.
R. B. Mitchell.
L. I. Gale.
E. N. Walter
Q. Miller.
E. F. Bager.
F. Bartlett.
Young & Ransome.
E. B. Lathrop.
E. Donohue.
G. Campbell.
4:11:17
4:40:02
3:58:35
4:27:17
3:49:46
3:50:41
3:50:09
4:18:34
3:24:35
3:52:16
8:16:31
3:15:30
*3-i6:EO
'2:57:49
2:40:23
"3:55:4S
"3:i6:50
'3:40:48
3:11:04
*2*:55:i7
•Ilv
The star surprise of the day was "Snap
shot" in the second round. He was over
looked like a white chip in a faro game.
and but few took him at the great odds
of 9 to 1 with "Rock Island' Boy" on the
long end. It took less than a minute to
settle the match. Snapshot showed from
the start that he was a "sure Snap
shot," and those who put up a dollar on
him received $10 In return, minus the
commission of the pool sellers. Riot Act
also fooled the talent in the first round.
Petronlus was a strong favorite at odds
of 7 to 2, but he didn't appear to be in
the course from start to finish. Riot Act
carried off the honors without any ap
parent trouble, and the backers of Petro
aius went oft Into secluded spots to read
the "riot act" to themselves for having
gone so far astray in "studying form."
The Rose of Tralee was another of the
supprises. The knowing ones put up a
$5 gold piece against three silver dollars
to show their faith in Brutus. They may
still have the faith, but the admirers of
the Rose of Tralee have their gold.
The course of the day was between
Wait a Little and Bad Shot. It was
a neck to neck course to the hare. Bad
Shot made a reach for the quarry, and
it was a bad shot, for Wait a Little, true
to name, snapped the fugitive, thus prov
ing the truth of the axiom that "every
thing comes to him who waits."
The summary of the day's events was
as follows:
First round— J. H. Halton's Meta beat Curtis
& Son's Lypla, John Kerrigan's St. Gertrude
beat Curtis & Son's Highland Ball, P. B. But
ler's Belle of Seville beat R. W. Mastlck's Reg
ular Army. P. J. Riley's Sunburst beat J. 11.
Rossiter"s Rollivklng Airs, J. H. Rossiter's
Riot Act beat W. C. Glasson'a Petronlus, P.
J. Riley'a Snapshot beat J. Sepgerson's Gold
Hill, John Kazan's Gladstone beat Larkey &
Rock's Minerva, J. H. Hawkins' Rock Island
Boy beat John Eagan's Mayflower, T. J. Cro
nin's Maid of Ball beat P. B. Butler's Beauty
Spot, H. R. Baldwin's Brutus beat T. J. Cro
nin's Rose of Tralee, P. J. Reilly's Golden Rus
set beat E. and A. Scott's Daisy Deane, T. J.
Cronin's Wild Tralee beat P. J. Reilly's Flying
Faster, Russell & Wilson's Victor King beat
Bartels Bros.' Mac's Melody, M. C. Delano's
Trinket beat C. L. Willett's Jersey Lily, Cur
tis & Son's Luxor beat Bartels Bros.' Bull
Hill, T. Bane's Wait a Little beat P. J. But
ler's Bad Shot, I. F. Halton's Tic Tac beat P.
B. Butler's Brandy and Soda, Bartels Bros.'
Rest Assured beat Whitney's Thisbe.
Second round— Meta beat St. Gertrude. Belle
of Seville beat Riot Act, Billy Gladstone beat
Sunburst, Snap Shot beat Rock Island Boy,
Brutus beat Maid of Ball, Wild Tralee heat
Golden Russet. Victor King beat Trinket,
Walt a Little beat Tuxor, Rest Assured beat
Tic Tac.
Third round— Meta beat Belle of Seville,
Billy Gladstone beat Snap Shot, Wild Tralee
beat Brutus, Walt a Little beat Victor King.
It was dusk when the third round was
finished and the sport of the day was
over. The California bred dogs showed
their superiority yesterday over the dogs
imported from the East.
The programme arranged for to-day is
a good one and will undoubtedly draw a
large crowd.
INGLESIDE COURSING.
Fleet Hounds and Lively Hares Make
the Sport Lively.
Despite the many attractions of the day
Ingleside Coursing Park was well patron
ized yesterday by those who enjoy the
sport furnished by fleet hounds and lively
hares. Those who attended were not dis
appointed, for the hares were as good a
lot as ever came from the plains of Mer
ced, and in the beginning not a few es
caped to the shelters. Taken as a whole
the dogs wore in good form, although a
few caused their owners some disappoint
ment. The officers were: John Grace,
judge; James Grace, slipper; William Hal
pin, slip steward; John Sheehan, flag
steward; P. J. Kelly and T. McHugh,
field stewards.
The programme was larger than usual,
122 dogs being booked for the three days'
events, on which there is $1365 prize
money. Yesterday there were forty-two
events in the maiden stakes. To-day the
sapling stakes will be run, together with
the hold-overs of yesterday's races.
Although the sport began a little after
noon it was almost dark before the last
course was run. Annexed are the results
of the day's racing:
Penelope Kennels' Counterfeit beat Joseph
Perry's Fedora; J. I. O'Brien's Sharkey beat
J. Murnane's Valley Maid; P. J. G. Kennels'
Fear Not beat P. Gaffney's Sprig o' Hill: J.
I. O'Brien's Statesman beat J. Marooney's
Peter M; Captain Clarkson's Kerry Gow beat
W. Nilan's Gulway Lass; J. Cox's Mission Tip
beat J. Murphy's Dempsey Lass; Dillon &
Reilly's P.eveler beat Alfred Haißn's Hattel;
A. A. Duncan's Royal Chief beat F. Peterson's
Dora Thorne; M. Allen's Miss Alice beat Lar
key & Rock's Hercules; J. Cox's Clifton Lass
bent J. Murry's Mary X: Lowe & Thompson's
Phoebe beat E. J. Heney's Harkaway H; Mc-
Colluut;h & London's Magneto beat B. Dough
erty's Palmer Hill; Deckelman & Panario's
Royal Oak beat G. Reddy's Bernice; Dillon &
Reilly's Dauntless beat Joseph Perry's Com
modore Nash; A. Vandenburgh's Hobson beat
T. Hall's 'Miss Skyball; C. F. Brown's Rosalie
beat Newman & Frank's Count of Monte
Crinto; James Byrne's Nellie B beat J. I.
O'Brien's Admiral Dewey; Kay & Trant's Kll
larney Lass beat T. Harrlnrton's Ajax; J.
Dean's Brllliantlne beat E. Campbell's Lee
Boy; Deckelman & Panario's Glen Chloe beat
Dillon & Rellly's Granuale; Captain Clarkson's
Conqueror bent I. L. Sears' Beauty; F. Gaft
ney's Lorraine beat Larkey & Rock's Emer
ald; Penelope Kennels' San Mateo beat \V. Dal
ton's -Decency; J. Farley's Tullamore beat J.
M. Kelly's Little Cripple; W. Perry's Com
pania bent Lynch & Maher's Dakota; D.
Shannon's Safeguard beat Handy & Smith's
Persimmons: J. Farley's Mystic beat W.
Sweeney's La Julve; G. Smart's Sllkwood beat
C Smith's Sombre: P. Reilly's Master Mat
beat I. Smart's Chiqulta; J. Quane's Thad
Stevens beat Russell & Wilson's Victor Queen:
S Hansen's L. S. Conley beat F. Kugeler's
Telephone Girl; K.iy <fc Trant's Chit Chat beat
J Harder" s Buckthorn; T. McHugh' s Match-
less beat F. G. Fentiman's Whitehall: J. Mur
nane's Miss Dividend beat P. Reilly's Specu
lation: F. Jones 1 Moonlight beat W. Badger's
Minnie: H. H. Furfelnd's Van Kirk beat Kay
& Trant's Carlotta; Gibson & Moore's Monitor
beat G. Farrel's Ta-ra-ra; Derby Kennels' Lit
tle Dorrit beat R. Prlngle's Gladys Pasha: T.
Hushes' Nellie H beat F,. J. Heney's Flying
Cloud; G. Herzog's Lanky Bob h?at H. Web
er's Montana; D. Kaher's Bell of Moscow beat
Lynch & Maher's Liberty; M. Ryan's Kill
Boy beat F. C. Mack';; Hlnrk Pr.ttl. •
PROTESTING THE NOTE OF
WARNING.
Mr. Cleveland's "note of warning"
should be made out for at least one
year after date. By that time we can
tell whether or not it will prove of any
ÆOLUS WON THE
MACDONOUGH CUP
Speedwell Beat Clara in
the 44-Foot Class.
AN IDEAL YACHTING DAY
ONLY TWO SLIGHT MISHAPS
OCCURRED.
The Third Annual Regatta of the Pa
cific Interclub Yacht Associa
tion Proves Entirely
Successful.
The third annual regatta of the Pacific
IntercPub Yacht Association was sailed
yesterday under favorable circumstances.
There was a southwesterly breeze of
moderate strength, which freshened a lit
tle in the afternoon, but was at no time
violent or squally. The tide began to
flood soon after the races began, and con
tinued to do so until after they were all
over. Consequently there was little sea.
At 11:50 a. m. a preparatory blast was
blown on the whistle of the judges' boat,
and flag G of the code hoisted;. at 11:55 the
flag G waa hauled down and the blue
peter hoisted; at noon the blue peter was
hauled down, and two whistles blown as
the starting signal for yachts of the
twenty-foot special class. Of the four
entries one did not sail; the sloop Petrel
crossed the line first, followed by the
yawl Kittiwake (with brown sails, and a
bird with outstretched wings embroidered
in white on the mainsail) and the sloop
Doris. Kittiwake finished first of the
three, but the racing length of Petrel not
being accurately known, both boats will
be measured before the regatta commit
tee can award the prize in the class.
In the special class, the sTarting time
for which was also at noon, only two
yachts went over the course — Idler and
Spray. The former beat Spray by four
teen minutes fifty-one seconds corrected
time, and won the prize in her class.
At 12:10 three whistles were blown as the
starting signal for the twenty-five foot
class, in which three out of four yachts
entered went over the course. The sloop
Merope. owned by P. W. Hurndall of the
Corinthians, won easily from Phoenicia
and Sea Fox, beating the former by nine
minutes and thirty-three seconds cor
rected time, and the latter by nearly two
hours.
In the 30-foot class the six boats entered
all started, but on the conclusion of the
first part of the course it became evident
that the race lay between J. W. Pew's
sloop Truant and Commodore Carl Weßt
erfeld's sloop Aeolus. On the last beat
out to windward it was nip and tuck be
tween the two boats, and on the run
home, with spinnakers and water sails
set, the race was very close. The Truant
clossed the finishing line first, but the
Aeolus, having started 1 minute and 58
seconds later than the Truant, beat her
by 42 seconds, actual sailing, and. reck
oning in her time allowance of 1 minute
18 seconds, by exactly two minutes cor
rected time. The Aeolus was splendidly
sailed by Frank Stone of the Corinthi
ans, and her victory was very well re
ceived. Commodore Westerfeld will re
ceive a class pennant, a certificate of mer
it, and the Macdonough cup— a silver tro
phy valued at $250.
At 12:30 the five starting whistles blew
for the 36-foot class, comprising Edna,
Embla and Occident. The first two of
these are old rivals, but Occident has not
raced before. Edna beat Occident badly,
and won the first prize in her class by 9
minutes and 25 seconds, corrected time.
This is the third time that Edna has
been victorious during the present season.
In the 44-foot class, the starting time
for which was 12:40, E. B. Lathrop's sloop
Pride had the misfortune to break her
topmast just as she was preparing to
cross the line. This accident left Clara
and Speedwell to struggle for the first
place. Speedwell beat Young and Ran
some's sloop by 13 minutes 1 second act
ual time, and by 15 minutes 33 seconds,
corrected time. The Delegates' cup, a
silver trophy presented by the represent
atives of the various clubs in the asso
ciation, thus becomes the property of E.
Donohoe, owner of Speedwell.
Though not entered in the regatta,
Frank Bartletfs sloop Queen and C. G.
Taylor's sloop Emma started, and their
times were taken. The cutter Folly, built
from a design of Burgess, and owned by
Davidson Brothers, also sailed over the
course.
Only two mishaps occurred; one, al
ready mentioned, to the Pride, and the
other to the Mignon, the jib halyards
of which parted just as she crossed the
line for the second time.
The South Bay Yacht Club was repre
sented by the schooner Dawn and the
sloops Papoose and Zephyr. The Papoose
was entered in the 25-foot race, but did
not arrive in time to cross the line with
the rest of the class.
The scow Witch of the Bay was wind
ward stakeboat. and Vice-Commodore G.
T S White's Will o' the Wisp served as
leeward stakeboat. The judges, being un
able to catch sight of the Will o the
Wisp, sent J. Ives out in W. L. Prather s
launch El Casador, which towed the
sloop into position.
The regatta, which was entirely suc
cessful was under the management of the
following officials: Referee. W. Brooks;
judges Dr. C. L. Tisdale and Curtis Bar
ker? timer, J. H. Hopps Alexander
Swanson was chairman and K. K. 1 Hom
medieu secretary of the regatta com
mittee The secretary worked especially
hard, and to him the success of the re
gatta and the smooth working of its de-
class and the
yawls sailed over the "short" course; the
yachts of the 30-foot, 3fi-foot and 44-foot
classes took the "middle" course, and
yachts of the 20-foot class went over tue
"special" course. These courses, reck
oned at 10. 14 and 5 miles respectively,
were fully described in yesterday's Call
The results of the regatta are fully
given in the table below:
value. The destiny of this nation ia
not being shaped by mortal man. We
are facing conditions, not theories, as
the ex-President might put it himself.
— Chicago Inter Ocean.
OTHER PEBBLES ON THE BEACH.
With race riots in Austrian Galicla,
an incipient rebellion in Albania, and a
Cabinet crisis or two, Europe isn't giv
ing all of its attention to Uncle Sam.—
Buffalo Express.
A California girl writes about her
visit to the Pope in next Sunday's
Call.
1112
COMPANY H IS
TROPHY-WINNER
The League of the Cross
Holds Its Field Day.
IT VISITS GLEN ELLEN
OVER 500 OF THE CADETS TURN
OUT FOR THE EXCURSION.
Private Meyer, With His Green
Trunks, Wins the Half-Mile
Race — Incidents of
the Day.
Early yesterday morning, with flags fly-
Jtk and headed by their own hand, the
First Regiment, League of the Cross Ca
dets, marched down Market street to the
ferry and, accompanied by several hun
dred of its frioi.ds, journeyed to Qlen
Ellen, where it held its annual field day
and competed for a trophy presented by
Mayor James D. Phelan. The trophy was
won by Company II with a score of 64;
the field and staff came second with a.
score of 21*. and Company B third with 21
points to their favor.
The excursion was a great success. Two
special trains wore necessary to convey
the regiment to Glen Ellen. It imme
diately marched to the recreation
grounds, where the cadets were dismissed,
most of them seeking shelter under the
trees from the boiling sun. Luncheon
was soon finished and at 1 o'clock the
games commenced. During the contests
the band discoursed sweet music, which
was frequently interrupted by the mem
bers of Company H, who were stationed
on a hill in the vicinity and gave an en
thusiastic yell every time one- of the mem
bers of their company won a race. The
time in most of the races was very slow,
owing to the bad condition of the track,
which had only been built recently for
the occasion. A dance was given at the
close of the games.
The games opened In a 75-yard dash run
in four heats, which were won, by Lieu
tenant VV\ A. Kelly, Commissary Ser
geant J. Carew, J. Segrue and
.Private J. Erlenheim. The second heat i
was a very close race, Carew winning In |
the good time of 3 seconds. The mile run I
was most exciting, all the runners seem
ing to have a good chance until the sev- i
enth lap. when P. McMahon cut out a I
hot pace and assumed the lead for a
short distance, but the route was too long
for him and he was passed by J. A. Ged
des in the back stretch and finished sec
ond, Geddes winning handily in 5 minutes
anil 30 seconds.
The 100-yard dash was run off In four
heats and was won by W. Rlchter, "W. A
Kelly, Captain J. J. Power and A. McEl
roy; the llnal heat was won by \V. A
Kelly in 11 seconds. In the 440-yard dash
\\ . Richter went out in the lead and soon
illustrated that It was all over but the I
shouting. He maintained the lead ah the
way ana was never headed, In 60 4-5 sec- I
onds. In the half-mile run there was a I
big try. and great interest was evinced !
in the result. E. Meyer, when he toed tne. !
scratch, was unmercifully "Joshed," be- i
cause he had pa. . a great amount of at
tention to his running wardrobe, and his
pale green silk trunks were derisively
laughed at, but a few knowing ones said
that he could do the trick, which after
ward proved only too true, as he won ;
easily. In the hammer-throwing ■M. Ide- |
reno captured nearly all the honors, win- !
ning both the 12-pound hammer tnrow i
and the 12-pound shot put. and was only i
defeated in the 16-pound shot put by T.
.Ahem by two feet. Results:
75-yard — The winners of the heats were
Lieutenant W. A. Kelly, Commissary Sergeant
J. Carew, J. Segrue, J. Erlenheim. Final heat !
—Erlenhelm first, Kelly second, Segrue third.
12-pound shot put— V.'on by D. Ahem, M.
Bfereno second, Captain J. P. Duffy third. Dis- j
tance. 37 feet 9 Inches.
Running high jump— Won by J. McDonald J. I
Carew second, W. Richter third.
One-mile run— Won by J. A. Oeddes, P. Mo- j
Mahon second, J. A. Kennedy third. Time. 5:i9.
It-pound hammer throw— Won by M. Moreno !
J. V.helan second. Captain J. P. Duffy third.
Distance, S3 feet 9 Inches.
100-yard dash— The first four heats were won
by W. nichter, Lieutenant W. A. Kelly, Cap
tain J. J. Power and A. McElroy. Final heat
was won by Kelly. Time, 11 seconds.
Running broad Jump— Won by J. McDonald.
M. Mereno second, J. Carew third. Height 17
feet 9H Inches. - '
10-pound shot put— Won by T. Ahem, M. Me
reno second. Captain J. P. Duffy third. Dis
tance, 52 feet.
440-yard dash— Won by W. Rlchter, F.
Dougherty second, F. Gulver third. Time,
€0 4-5 seconds.
12-pound hammer throw— Won by M. Mereno.
T. A hern second. Captain J. P. Duffy third.
Distance, 107 feet 9 Inches.
220-yard dash— Won by Lieutenant W. A.
Kelly, Lieutenant A. Hanley second. A. Me-
Elroy third. Time, 27 1-5 seconds.
Standing broad Jump-Won by Lieutenant W.
A. Kelly. J. Erlenhelm second, J. McDonald
third. Distance. 9 feet 5 lnchts.
Half-mile run— Won by E. Meyer, H. Leon
ard second. P. Gleason third.
• Running hop, skip and Jump— by J Mc-
Donald, J. Carew second, J. Erlenhelm third.
Distance, 37 feet 9 Inches.
The committee had decided that the
winner of any contest should be credited
with five points, the second three points
and the third one. so at the conclusion of
the games Company H had a score of 64
the field and staff came second with 29
points and Company B third with a score
The committee of arrangements were:
Warn V U i? m H r McCarthy. Captain
\\ illiam C. Hopper, Lieutenant Joseph A.
\\atts. Lieutenant V. Carroll, Hospital
Steward A. V. Conlln.
The following constituted the committee
on events: Lieutenant Colonel T F
Ryan, Lieutenant J. J. Crowley Jr., Lieu
tenant J. Keating, Lieutenant R. Steel©.
Lieutenant W. Dixon.
Judges-John Purcell. E. J. Hannon. 11.
F. Wynne. J. J. Lynch: scorer, Major D
Deasy; starter. John F. Sullivan; clerk
of course. Sergeant James Dougherty
Majo r r DSldn^cGSfD Sl dn^cGSfn bertSOn: announcer.
Major D. J. McGloln.
■ At the close of the games the train was
taken for the city, arriving about 730
p. m.
ST. PATRICK'S PICNIC.
It Was Given by the Ladies of the
Parish and Was a Success.
"Three cheers for Father Brendan and
three cheers for the ladies of St. Patrick's
parish!"
The hills near Schuetzen Park echoed
and re-echoed with the result of this sa
lute from a leather-lunged youngster.
Truly It was a great day for St. Pat
rick's parish, and no scoffer can decry
the scale on which its pimlc In honor of
Admission day was carried out. The picnic
was a reunion prior to the opening of the
grand bazaar fair.
The outing was given by the various
ladies who will have charge of the booths
at the fair, and all the proceeds will go
toward the expense of opening and decor
ating the booths. As fully 2000 people
were in attendance, the financial part of
the affair will he a gre.it Buccess*.
The day was enjoyably spent In games,
feasting and dancing. The merry-go
round ran in full blast all day, and Jig
stopping was an Important feature of the
recreation. Many left the park and wan
dered over the hills in enjoyment of the
sights afforded by nature, while others
took a trip to San Rafael and back In
time to catch the last train.
The greatest event among the games
was a sack race, which afforded intense
amusement to old and young alike. Ed
ward Savage shuffled In ahead without a
fall. Harry Manning fell twice, but "rot
there second just the same," as his youth
fui friends expressed it.
The affair was in charge of the follow
ing committees:
Reception Committee— William T. Flynn T
J. O'Brien, F. J. Sullivan, J. J. Donegan M
P. Corrldau, William P. Fitzgerald, j. j]
O'Brien, R. M. Duffy, James Lamey, J. F.
QnJnn, Owen Hums.
Floor Committee— E. F. Lacy, T. J. Kus
slok, J. F. O'Brien, William A. Breslln. C. J.
O'Connor, G. Dougherty, C. F. McGlnley.
Games Committee — Thomas L. Doran, M. J.
Kusslok. John Cronln, Thomas Brady, M. B»
dt-n, A. Rudolphus, Josephus L. Leary, Will
iam Hoar, P- Kane.
Head about Uncle Sam's new atlas
and the stories it tells in next Sun
day's Call.
THEY REACHED
THE FINALS
Pacific Coast Doubles
Tennis Tournament.
LADIES STRIVE FOR HONORS
THE YOUNGER GENERATION
BLOSSOMS FORTH.
Adams and Weihe and Picher and
Freeman Will Cross Rackets
This Afternoon — Finals
for Ladies.
"If the pony team wins this match I
will give a luncheon in their honor," said
a society matron at the tennis tourna
ment yesterday on the courts of the Ho
tel Rafael. The team referred to consists
•f the liliputians, \Veihe anci Adams, ten
nis players and juvenile society men. The
team won, and they will no doubt get the
luncheon with & plentiful supply of tea,
which they do not like.
The championship .doubles tournament
of the Pacific Coast drew -out. every
youngster within a. radius of twenty
miles, and they played some remarKable
tennis. Of course there were exceptions,
such men as Plcher, Freeman, Dr. Root,
Yale and Cole, the latter of whom those
on the inside declare to.be past 30, but he
looks and always acts as if ne were in
the heydey of Juvenility.: Then there was
the championship singles for ladies, which
proved by far tne better and more inter
esting event. Miss Marion Jones of .Ne
vada, a daughter of the Sliver Senator,
gave California young women an exhibi
tion of first-class tennis and waltzed
through the home talent for victory upon
victory. 'Jviv* ':.*.■■'<
George and Robert Whitney held the
back lines in place and looked critical.
They seemed satisfied with everything,
and patronized the lemonade man for
sticks. George said, "O my, how bum."
and his brotner Robert N. wanted to
know If tennis had died with their with
drawal from the field of competition.
Every tennis crank who had the time at
his disposal and the inclination was there
to see tne new generation of racket
wlelders insinuate themselves into the.
graces of society and swat balls stuffed'
with gas. But one man was missed— the
attenuated peanut and chewing gum ven
der of the past affairs was not on deck.
He asked for a permit to exhibit himself
and supply the spectators with confec
tions, but General YVarfleld of the ban
quet brigade paid, "No," and his role was
omitted from the cast.
The pony team did the playing and the
ladles were happy. Welhe ana Adams
first met Murdock and Holmes, whom the
"stare" from across the bay picked as the
winners of the tournament. The year
lings showed that they were not merely
the curled darlings of young society and
they gave their opponents two falls in
rapid succession and the hospital corps
carried Murdock and Holmes ■ out on
stretchers. Then the ponies champed
their bits until they met Brown and
Stone In the second match, and their
goddess Kortuna did a lot of smiling
again. Brown and Stone went under
with the band playing in , 6—3, 5—7, 6—3
time.
Messrs. Plcher and Freeman came all
the way from Stanford to take the coast
honors to Palo Alto. Their first engage
ment was with Dr. Root ajid Grant
Smith. Root and Smith are an improvised
team, never having played together in
tournament before yesterday, but after
the first set they played together as if
they were trained together in harness.
The first set was an easy victory for the
cardinal, but the second wa« the match
of the day. The score of 11—9 tells the
tale, and that is why Dr. Root will not
pull teeth for two days.
If 'Weihe and Adams are dubbed "the
pony team," the only name that will ap
ply to Fletcher Hamilton and Drummond
McGavin is colt. The colts shone for a
minute and they administered a solar
plexus blow on Hunt and Stark, but when
they met Plcher and Freeman — the score
below will tell what happened.
The ladles' tournament waa most suc
cessful from the tennis standpoint, al
though the entries were few. Miss Marlon
Jones, a player who has met the celebri
ties of the country on Eastern courts, and
who is equal to the best In the land, de
feated Miss Hoffman In a splendid match.
Miss Martin defeated both Georgiana
Jones and Miss Mason in easy fashion,
and will meet Miss Marlon Jones to-day
In the finals.
The scores were as follows: Plcher and
Freeman beat Root and Grant Smith. 6—o,
11—9; F. Hamilton and Drummond McOavln
beat Hunt and Stark, 7—5 6—3; We.the and
Adams beat Murdock and Nicholson. B—3, 6 — !;
nrown and Stone beat Roth and Wright. 6—3.6 — 3.
7—5, 5—7. 6— s; Otis nnd J. K. Hamilton by
default from Bartlett and Bowen; Code and
Tale beat Allen and Cook. 6—3. 6—3: Picher
and Freeman beat Hamilton and McGavin,
6—oj6 — 0j 6—3;6 — 3; Welhe and Adams beat Brown and
Stone, 7—5. 6—l.
S^ml-flnals— Plcher and Freeman beat Otis
and Hamilton, 6—l, 6—2: Wcihe and Adams
won from Code and Tale by default.
The finals between Welhe and Adams and
Plcher and Freeman will be played to-day at
11 o'clock. At 1 p. m. the winners of the
tournament will meet the Hardy* for the
championship of the coast. At 3 o'clock the
ladies' finals will b« played between Miss Mar
tin and Miss Marlon Jones.
THREE CELEBRITIES
OF THE YUKON COMING
One of Them Is "Troublesome Point
Campbell," Formerly of
Chicago.
One of the oldest pioneers of the Yukon,
Pete Wiborg, arrived In the city yester
day and registered at the Commercial.
He was one of the seven miners who en
tered the Stewart River country adja
cent to the Yukon a decade ago, opening
up the way for other pold seekers to fol
low. At that time little was known of
the Yukon, and scarcely anything of the
Stewart. Wiborg met with some success
in securing placer gold on the Btewart,
but not long afterward descended to the
Yukon, where he has since been at work.
"There are three notables coming out
from Dawson on the next boat," remark
ed Mr. TViborg to a Call reporter yester
day afternoon. "They are "Troublesome
Point' Campbell, Bill Liggett and Jack
McQuesten. The whole Pacific Coast
knows Jack. He was the pioneer trader,
the father of the country. Liggett was a
poor man up to recent times, but he haa
now about $175,000. He dug $75,000 out of
No. 13 El Dorado, and then sold his re
maining Interest for $100,000 cash. This
was a few weeks ago. As for Campbell,
he was my partner. He is coming oui
with about $20,000. which he received for
two claims. Campbell was originally
from Chicago. He has been In the Yu
kon country for twelve years, and has
not been outside during that time. His
nickname comes from a difficulty which
some of the miners got Into on Forty-
Mile Creek in 1890 over a piece of placer
ground which became known as "Trou
blesome Point.' "
BOBBED ON A STEAMER.
Frank Peterson Claims That W. J.
Miller Picked His Pockets.
Officer P. A. McNamara arrested M. T.
Miller on Market street ThursJav at the
solicitation of Frank Peterson and lodged
him in the tanks pending an invesigation.
Peterson charges the prisoner with hav
ing stolen $50 from him while he was
asleep in a stateroom on the steamer T.
C. Walker en route to this city from
Stockton.
Peterson complained to the police of the
robbery and gave a description of Miller,
who he claimed committed the theft. He
was told If he saw him on the street to
.notify an officer and have him taken Into
custody.
told If he saw him on the street to notify
an officer and have him taken into cus
tody.
Miller visited Peterson at his room, 41?
Kearny street, last evening, and Miller
Invited him to take a walk. On Market
street Officer McNamara was met, and
•ftor Peterson had explained matters to
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1898.
him he brought him to the City Prison,
where his name was placed on the de
tinue book. Miller claims he first met
Peterson at Boise City. Idaho, and later
in Fresno, and that he paid the latter's
fare from that place to Stockton. They
then agreed to come to this city, and
took passage on the Walker. Peterson
alleges that while en route Miller went
through his pockets and relieved him of
a $50 bill. When searched at the prison
Miller had but $3 in his possession.
WILL SHE BE PROSECUTED P
Mrs. Grace Allison of Bain's Matri
monial Agency Gives Her Dupe
Back His Presents.
Mrs. Grace Allison of Bain's matri
monial agency win probably not be prose
cuted on the charge of grand larceny
preferred against her by H. C. Franks of
El Paso, Texas.
There were several consultations yes
terday between Attorney Humphrey, rep
resenting Franks, and Bain & Curtis, the
proprietors of the agency. As a result
Mrs. Allison was permitted to leave the
City Prison yesterday afternoon accom
?anied by Policeman Murphy, Curtis and
lumphrey to her rooms at 415 Jones
street, where she handed over to a dis
interested party according to agreement
the precious stones and other articles the
had received from Franks. Then she was
returned to the prison.
It is now probable that some sort of an
arrangement will be made whereby Mrs.
Allison will not be prosecuted.
The postal authorities have beon after
Mrs. Allison for a long time for fraudu
lently using the mails, and it is not un
likely that the expose in the Franks case
may lead to her arrest on that charge.
P.aln has already- served a term in San
Quentln on a similar charge.
To Receive Communion in a Body.
Seven hundred members of the Gentle
men's Sodality of St. Ignathifl Church,
representing the entire strength of the
organization, will receive holy commun
ion in a body at the 7:"0 o'clock mass to
morrow morning. Immediately before
the celebration of mas.- a procession will
be formed in the chapel of the sodality
on Hayes street and will proceed to the
main church.
After mass a largo number of new
members will be enrolled.
The members of the Sodality Dramatic
Club arc rehearsing a new drama which
1p to be presented In the near future. The
theater on Van Ness avenue and Grove
street, owned by the Jesuit community,
is being specially frescoed for the occa
sion.
Simple Case of Robbery.
On complaint by W. Orennlnprloh, a
sailor on the steamer Sonoma, Policeman
Menlhan yesterday afternoon arrested
George Ward, a teamster, and booked
him at the City Prison on a charge of
robbery. The sailor, "Ward and nnother
man were drlnkhiß together Thursday
r.!pht. and the sailor alleges that at How
ard and Fifth streets Ward punched him
In the stomach, knocking him down, and
rr-liovrd him of $2. Ward indignantly de
nied the accusation.
Alice Rix writes about the "Last
of the Kahunas'' in next Sunday's
Call.
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
WKATHER REPORT.
fl2oth Meridian— Pnc!flc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 9, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures, were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 64, Fresno 92, Los Angeles 92, Red
Bluff 90, Pan Luis Oblspo M. San Diego *8. Sac
ramento S4, Independence 92. Tuma 104.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
66; minimum, 52; mean, 59.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
»n area of unusually high temperature Is
central over Montana, while the lowest pr<*s-
Bure Is reported from Southern Arizona. The
barometer Is rising rapidly over the Rocky
Mountain region.
The temperature has fallen In Idaho, and re- ;
malned about stationary In other districts.
The weather is cloudy and foggy along the
coast of Oregon and Washington, and clear In
the Interior of the Paeifl'- slope.
Conditions are favorable for continued fair
weather In California Saturday.
Forecast made at San Francls«o for thirty
hours ending midnight September 10, IR9S:
Northern California — Fair Saturday; brisk
northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; cooler
along the coast; fresh west wind.
Nevada— Fair Saturday; cooler.
t'tah— Fair Saturday.
Arizona — Fair Saturday: coolar.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday:
brisk to high west wind In the afternoon.
Special from Mount Tamalpais— Clear, wind
west. 5 miles; temperature 70. maximum tem
perature T4. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Sept. 9— There was further
drastic liquidation In the stock market to-day
at an expense to the price of stocks of be
tween $1 and $2 per share In a g;r(-at mnny
cases. Disappointment over the fixing of th»
St. Paul dividend at only 2H per cent continued
t?<e prevailing Influence, and no intention was
paid to favorable developments or to the In
dications of an easier condition In money. The
selling was evidently In the nature of specula
tive profit taking, and came from an element
that has persisted In theconfidence that prices
■were certain of a further advance. A great
part of this confidence han been based on the
supposition that the St. Paul dividend would
be increased and would awaken general activ
ity and widespread outside Interest, as was the
case with the increase In the Burlington divi
dend. There was a short-lived period of firm
ness to prices early In the day on a demand to
cover some of the shorts put out yesterday.
The movement was encouraged by the failure
of the London market to reflect any violent de
pression on account of the St. Paul dividend,
but the advance In prices was met by contin
ued heavy offerings, and by noon the move
ment to throw over stocks was in full force
again, and prices were tumbling throughout
the list. Early gains in a few special cases
were almost completely wiped out. Among
those stocks which have recently been sub
ject to attack on account of Individual causes
of weakness there was a hesitancy on the
part of the bears at pulling out short lines.
Manhattan and Brooklyn Transit were con
spicuous examples. There was also some dlß
posltlon to apply the ultra conservative stand
ard adorned by the St. Paul directors to some
other properties which have more liberal dis
bursements of expended earnings and to ques
tion somewhat the Integrity of the dividends
thus established. The distinctly easier tone
of money In the afternoon brought recovery In
prices aside from that due to covering by the
room traders. Hew far the ensler tone In
money Is due to the increase In new Govern
ment bonds available as security to release
cash from the treasury and how far to the
contraction of loans Incident to the stock mar
ket liquidation itself is not clear. The reduc
tion of the call loan rate to 2% per cent result
ed In the steadying of the foreign exchange
and a check to the advance of the London
money rate.
On account of the money rate New Tnrk
banks continue to lose ensh very heavily to the
sub-treasury, and the shipments of currency to
the Interior show a large Increase over those
of last week.
The bond market showed the effects of liqui
dation, though to n less degree than In stocks
Totnl sale*. $4,000,000.
United States 2s advanced X and the new 4s
Vi per cent, while the 3s, when Issued, declined
% per cent in the bid price. There were large
dealings In the 3s at from 105*4 down to 105U
at the close.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 570.700
shnres, including: Atcbtson preferred 14 100-
Hurllngton, 29.190: Manhattan, 14.170- ' Metro
politan, 8891: Missouri Pacific, 7000; Northern
Pacific, 29,290: Northern Piciflc preferred .10 -
W0: Rock Island. 17.920: X'nlon Pacific 15 MS-
St. Paul. 54.544; Union Pacific preferred, 2»]7riO-
Union Pacific. Denver and Oulf, 3210; ' Cn'tton
Oil, 3230; Tobacco, 37.945; Chicago Great West
ern, 9240; People's Oas, 15, 570: General Elec
tric. 43C0: Sugar. 70.420; Tennessee Coal and
Iron, 7070: Leather preferred. 7420; Rubber
7275; Western Union, 4350.
, CLOSING STOCKS.
Atohison 13V4 So Pacific ...:... 22
Do prefd ...34% So Railway ....... jjt
Baltimore * Ohio 44% ; Do prefd . ..34%
Canada Pacific .. 86% Texas & Pacific... 14
Canada ■ Southern. 54% Union Pacific .....' 3iu*
Central Pacific ..21*4 Do prefd 64&
Ches A -0hi0..... 23V4 I" P D 4 0 4*4
Chi A Alton 159 ■ IWabash .........;. ; g2
Chi B A Q. 115 Vi Do prefd .... -20V
Chi & E 111....... 54% Wheel & L E.V..." 2&
CCC 4St L..,. 41V4 Do prefd ........ 14V
Do prefd .. . .:. .. ".'■: 88 =, ■ Express Companies-
Del & • Hudson. 107 ■ Adams Ex - ■. 110
Del L & W 151% American Ex .... 130
Den & R'G..-...:. 15 United' States .... 40
Do prefd .... ' 55% Wells Farjto .;.... 120
Erie (new) ;..'....'. 14 •■; Miscellaneous— ',1
•Do Ist prefd.... 36V4 A Cot Oil ........ 35
Fort Wayne .".... 172 ■■ Do prefd ........ i-,i±
Gt Nor ; prefd .-.;r.'. 134 ?j Amn Spirits ..... 12U
Hocking Valley. Zyta. 6 g Do prefd,' ........ 36?
Illinois Central <X. lit Am Tobacco . .....13711
Lake Erie & W.. 18 3> 'Do nrefd :. .'.;;.*.. m
Do prefd.;"."?.r..:;73 ' People's Gas ... 104
Lake ' Shore •#".". :;'. / 193 -■ I Cons : Gas ... t.'. is 4
Louis iA ? Nash.... 57H Com Cable C 0 . . : ;. 170 .
Manhattan L ..... 96S ColF. : * 1r0n;.:..- 21 %
Met St Ry ...... 15S Do prefd ..^.....80^
Mich : Central .'; . .• 106 > Gen ' Electric r;.'...r ;.'. . . ■ 44U
Mtnn A St L.;..-.-' 2«H Illinois Steels..:. 7iu
.• ; Do ■ Ist crefd.... : B*> .. libeled- ■ Gaß ...-..• 4'ti/.
Mo Faciflc ...... 3:VNat Lin 011f..... 6H
Mobile & 0hi0... 27 Lead .............. 34%
Mo X & T. 7..... 11% Do prefd ........ 10&-
Do Drefd .;...... 33% Haw Com C 0..... 25
Chi Ind & L sy. Pacific Mail ...V.. 33v
Do prefd ........ 30 " Pullman Palace... IS6VJ
NJ Central ...... 90% Silver Certificates 60%
NT. Central 1167* Stand R & T 7%
NY Chi & St L.. 1414 Supar 136%,
Do Ist ..Drefd.... 45 Do prefd ........ 115 ,
Do 2d nrefd . 33 T C & Iron 28%
Nor West 15 US Leather .... 7%
No Amer C 0...:. 3% Do preM -.::.".... 69Vi
No Pacific ;...... 37% U S Rubber 401*
Do prefd .... 76% Do prefd 101%
Ontario & W..:.. 13% West Union ...... 93% •
Or R & Nay...... 56 ! C & N W 131%
Or Short Line.... 32 1 Do prefd ........ 173
PHtsburg ......... 169' St L 4 S W 5 -
.Reading is% Do prefd 11%
• Do Ist prefd.... 43% ROW. 27
Rock Island .102% Do prefd . 67
St Louis & B F.. Splint Paper Co 52%
Do Ist nrefd.... 6. i* 4 Do nrefd 90 •
Do 2d. Drefd.... 33% Chi G W 15
St Paul 109% Minn Iron 96V,
Do prefd  lr.fiv- Pac C Ist prefd... 84%
St P & Om S2 " Do 2d prefd.... 67%
Do prefd 157 .Brooklyn R T..... «3
St P M & M..... 165 'C A- E 111 prefd... 107
CLOSING BONDS.
U 8 new 3s ;. 105% N J C 5s 113%
U S new 4s reg;.. 128% 1N Carolina 65..... 129
Do coup 128 V Do 4s 103Va
0 S 4s 111% INo Pac lsts 114
Do coup 112% i Do 3b 68 ■
Do 2ds 89>,i! Do 4s 101
U S 5s re* 113H N V C & St L 4s. 106%
Do ns coup.. HSVi'Nor & W 6s 123 •
District 3.65s ..... 116' iNorthwstrn cons. 141
Ala class A....... 10S I Do deb 5s 118%
Do B 100 O Nay lsts 114%
Do C 100 O Nay 45......... 99%
Do Currency ... 100 OS Line 6s tr.... 127
Atohlson 4s ...... 941,4 O S Line 5s tr.... 107
Do ad.l 4s 71% Pacific 6s of 95... 102%
Can So 2.-; 107 Reading 4s ....... ' 82%
1 hi Term 4s gnt R G W lets 89Va
C A- Ohio 5s 115% St L ft I M C se. 93
C H *• D 4%« 104% st L * S F Q 6s. 120
D & R <; ;sts... 110 5t' PiC0n.......... 151
D& R G 45..... %y: :t Pc & P lsts.. 113
East Term lsts.... 106 Do r.s .-•• 117%
Erie Gen 45.. jfv So Railway 3s 97
£ V.- A D IMS tr. 75 " Stand R A- T 65.. 79V4
Gen Elec us 107 Term now set 35.. 93
G II A- S A 65.... 103 Tex PL G lsts... 106%
Do 2ds ..105 Po Rs : Ms 44 1 *
H& T C 5.,.....:. ill Union Pac 4s 95%
Do con 65..... ICS IT pD & G lsts...\ 76
lowa C l«ts 104 . \Vi,b Ist r.s v 111%
La new cons 45.. 104 Do 2<ls 80'
L <fr N t'n! 45.... 53% W Shore 4s 109}*
Missouri 8s ... 100 IVa Centuries 16%
MX & T 2ds.. 64'J Do deferred .... SV*
Do 4s ....... 001? \Vis Cent lsts.... 54%
N V Central Ist*. 116%!
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar': 15 Ontario 3 s0
'rown Point 14 Ophlr f*
Con Cal A- Va... 55 Plymouth «
Dead wood 25 Quicksilver 1 «•>
Gould & Curry IS Do prefd 3 M
Hale & Norcross. 80 Sierra Nevada .. 76
Homestake ... 43 00 Standard 1 »9
Iron Sliver 8? Cnlon Con !•'
Mexican 12 Yellow Jacket ... 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BOI^DS.
Money— . Westlnghouse El. 10%
Call loans .2>/4f?3ii Do nrefd 57
Time loans 3 @4% VUs Central 1%
Stocks— Ed rtt Tel » 185
A T A- S F 13% Gen Elec prefd... 97
Amer Sugar 137V4 A ten prefd 34%
Do prefd 115 Bonds-
Bay State Gas... 1% Atchison 4s 93
Bell Telephone .. 279 Gen Klec Fb 102
Boston & Albany. 237 Wis Cent Is 57
Boston A- Maine. 170 Mining Shares-
Boston L 68% Allouez Mm C 0... 3
Chi Bur & Q 115 Atlantic 27
FltchburK 104% Hoe.ton A- Mont.. 220
Gen Electric 44 Butte & Boston.. 21%
Illinois Steel 71 Calumet & Hecla. 570
Mexican Central.. •r• r ' 1 -i Centennial 17M,
N V &■ N Eng... 9? Franklin 13
Old Colony 112 Old Dominion ... 27
Or Short Line 34% Osceola 52%
Rubber 40% Qulncy 115
Union Pacific .... 31 Tamarack 171
West End 87% Wolverine 27U
Do prefd 1"6 Parrott 22%
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK. Sept. 9.— Money on call firm. 2%
@4 per cent: last loan, 3 per cent. Prime mer
cantile paper. (04% per cent. Sterling ex-
. change firm, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 S4>4^4 54% for demand and $4 S2' 'i*
4 82% for sixty days; posted rates, $4 83%(ff4 84
and $4 &r,U.-?f4 86; commercial bills. $4 Sl@4 81%.
Silver certificates, 60%!§Clc. Bar sliver, 60% c.
Mexican dollars, 46% a Government bonds,
irregular. State bonds, dull. Railroad bonds,
easier.
FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, Sept. 9.— Bradstreet's Financial
Review to-morrow will say: Speculation has
again been Irregular during the week Just
ended and professional Influences were appar
ent throughout, In contrast with the recent
activity of the outside public. The rise In
the money market has created caution, al
though the feeltnjf 1b that gold imports, or
action by the Government to check its accu
mulation of funds, will prevent any stringency.
The nh&rp decline at foreign exchange in in
line with this view as regards gold Imports
and engagement* of specie for American ac
count have been announced In London to the
amount nf leys than £1,000,090. This Is con
sidered the beginning of what may prove a
heavy movement of gold In this direction. The
fact that during the early part of the week
London was a large purchaser of our stocks
was also a favorable factor, though It seems
that some of the buying was of a speculative
kind, which is apt to change suddenly. There
was an absence of any unfavorable develop
ments in the general situation, apart from the
usual reports that corn had J.een damaged,
while business progress and increasing rail
road earnings! were among the good factors of
the week. The week, however, remained dull
and heavy, except where manipulation was at
work, and conservative Interests were disposed
to insist that the advnnce In prices has. In
the enso of most stocks, fully discounted the
favorable developments In sight and that a
reactionary tendency of a mild kind is likely
to temporarily hold possession of the market.
LONDON MARKET.
NTBW YORK, Sept. 9.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram pays: Except for
Kaffirs and West Australian mining shares,
which are booming, the stork markets here
were quiet and generally dull to-day. The
loading stocks were somewhat depressed by
Cretan affairs.
Americans were flat on the St. Paul dividend,
closing near the lowest. It is generally be
lieved here that the St. Paul Company could
have paid a much higher dividend, and the
policy of a large carry forward is regarded as
a rot too hopeful omen for the future.
The London discount rate is 1 11-16(31^. and
decidedly firm on the New York demand for
gold. It Is reported that gold Is to go to New
York direct from Japan in addition to other
shipments from Australia, but I cannot con
firm this.
LONDON, Sept. 9.— Spanish 4s closed at 41H
LONDON Sept. 9.— Canadian Pacific. 9V,i;
Orand Trunk, 7%: Bar Silver, steady, 2Sd;
Money, *4<B'& per cent.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, Sept. 9.— R. O. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade will say to-morrow:
The volume of business Is larger than It ever
has been. Investors across the water have
caught the cue and their purchases of Ameri
can bonds and stocks have been heavy for sev
eral weeks.
Wheat has been about 1 cent higher In price
for spot, with Western receipts only about as
large as those last year for the week. No
doubt some farmers have lenrned that It Is
poor business to hold back for hither prices,
yet very many are doing It, and are making
Inevitably a more disastrous decline In prices
after a time. Atlantic exports for the week
have been 2,32. r ),100 bushels, against 4,243,386
bushels last year, flour Included, and Pacific
exports 103,092 bushels, against 713.434 bushels
last year. Corn Is a shade higher, one esti
mate promising only 1,750.000,0(10 bushels.
Nobody can guess how great the demand for
Iron and steel products may be a month hence,
but the manufacturer has the rare good sensa
to wait for the actual orders before hoisting
prices. So far the advance has been remark
ably moderate, In the average of all finished
products only 3.3 per cent from the lowest
price this year, while plglron has risen leys
than 3 per cent. Orders this week Include 10,
000 tons of rails at Chicago, 5000 tons pipe at
Boston, with 16,000 to 24,000 tons coming at
Philadelphia: 10,000 tons plate for a Baltimore
ship yard and heavy orders for bars, rods and
especially sheets at all markets.
The sales of wool have been only 2,289,500
pounds at the three chief markets, against 18,
010.400 pounds for the same week last year,
and 5, 812, 000 pounds for the same week In 1882.
The feeling grows that the prices demanded
at the West cannot be maintained, and until
wool sells at materially lower prices, the man
ufacturer cannot meet the existing market for
goods. Prices for goods do not change, and a
number of the mills will shortly chut down un
less the situation improves.
Failures for the first week of September have
been In amount of liabilities $1,111,593. Manu
facturing $224,602 and trading $703,991. Failures
for the week have been 154 In the United States
against 215 last year, and 16 In Canada against
35 last year.
BRAPSTREET'S REVIEW.
NEW YORK, Sept. 9.— Bradstreet's will to
morrow say: Heat and holidays have Imparted
an Irregular appearance to speculative and gen
eral distributive trade this week and therefore
to the bank clearing returns, more particularly
at the East, but with the arrival of cooler
temperature, some Improvement Is reported at
those markets. Generally speaking, favorable
basic features already noted still continue most
In evidence and the attitude of quieting confi
dence In future good trade Is unabated. Condi
tions In many leading Industries, but particu
larly In Iron and steel and its various pro ■;. cts,
are of continued and In some cases growing
strength. The general level of prices of staples
Is the highest reached for five years past;
railway earnings, favored by the large move
ment of wheat to market, are showing larger
gains than have been recently reported, a good
export demand for agricultural and manufac
tured products Is reported, failures remain at a
minimum and reports of poor trada are con
spicuous by their ln.'requency. Less favorable
crop reports from abroad and good export In
quiry are reflected in a rather steadier tone in
wheat : and in advanced quotations ; for - ocean
freights. Corn continues to experience a
weather market, but prospects of yield are still
regarded as favorable. <j Following the intense
activity In the placing of orders for Iron and
steel In the past few weeks has come a' quiet
ing in the. demand, but experience of buyers
and the very firm, and in some cases,; the up
ward tendency of prices, point to th« conclu
sion that the lull is due almost entirely to the
mills being already heavily oversold;,^ Export I
business has certainly buen checked by the'lna- }
bility of American mills to deliver within time
limits set, -but orders have : been placed :at the
West this week for a large lot of steel bars. for
shipment ito England. Piglron remains strong
in tone and the firmness of prices is a feature.
Southern iron Is in particularly good demand
for export and holders readily refuse offers
where anything less than the full market price
Is offered. Talk of a further 25 cents advance
comes from Birmingham.
Unabated acltvity Is reported at Chicago and
dry goods (shipments cannot be made fast
enough. Small but numerous advances in
prices of different classes' of steel "are reported
from that city and St. Louis. Several roads
are reported to be buying , from two , to three
months ahead of time. Business is active at
Kansas City. Omaha, Cleveland. Louisville and
throughout the entire Northwest. On the Pa
cific Coast, San Francisco reports merchants in
terested in developing trade with Hawaii.
Healthy activity exists in distribution at Port
land. Tacoma and Seattle. Some, check to
trade is reported in the lower Mississippi al
ley, caused by reports of yellow fever and
heavy rains on the South Atlantic coaat. Hot
weather and holidays checked the business In
dry goods at New York, but cooler weather has
brought an Improved spot demand. Wool sales
i have again fallen off at Boston. . Cotton goods
are quiet but steady and the demand for men s
wear woolens is not up to expectations.
Business failures In the United States num
i ber 142. against 104 last week. 173 in this week
a year ago, 308 In 15:.6, ■ 213 in 1896. and 223 in
' ISM.
Business failures in Canada number 17,
against 23 last week and 32 in this week a. year
ago.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK. Sept. The following: table,
complied by Bradßtreet. shows the bank clear
ings at S3 cities for the week ended September
S. with the percentage of increase and decrease,
as compared with the corresponding week last
year: ™
Percentage
'Cities— ■- Inc. Dec.
New York 1671,456.173 .... ....
Boston 82,295.874 .... 6.6
Chicago 90,349,476 .... 2.0
Philadelphia 60.070.5543 6.4 I
St. Louis 24.2K.130 .... 1.1
' Pittsburg 17,7&2.9>55
Baltimore 14,266,325 .... 24.4
I San Francisco 15,502,277 17.8
Cincinnati 6,920, .... 7.7
Kansas City 10.436.568 .... 1.1
New Orleans 4,656.585 .... 10.5
Minneapolis .. 7,220,260 .... 8.9
Detroit ...: 5,589,867 ....
Cleveland . 6,971,144 27.4 ....
Louisville 5,856.852 9.5 ....
Providence 3,891,500 . .... 1.4
Milwaukee 4,001,130 .... \ 7.7
St. Paul 3,651/30 10.0
Buffalo :... 3,764,678 .... ' 18.7
Omaha 5,710,918 15.9
Indianapolis 6,032,769 .... 2.1!
Columbus, 0 3.008.200 .... 7.2
Savannah 1,666,207 .... 21.3
Denver 2,676,437 23.8 .... |
Hartford 1.949.172 .... 10.1 j
Richmond 2.562,574 9.2 ....
Memphis 1.412,713 4.9
Washington 1,851,146 17.2 ...r.
Peorla 1,378,414 .... 16.8
Rochester 1.452,241 13.8
New Haven 1.3J5.122 .... l.« I
Worcester 1,130,770 .... 6.6
Atlanta 1,116,050 .... ....
Salt Lake City 1.478.721 21.6
Springfield. Mass... 1,132,629 .... ' 15.6
Fort Worth 1,372.342 36.
Portland. Me 1.345,927 • ....
Portland. Or 1.402,038 .... 25.1
St. Joseph. 2.405,543 44.0 ....
Los Angeles 1.0R0.110 .... 11.1
Norfolk 797.346 19.9
Syracuse 826,113 .... 7.1
Dcs Mnlnes 1.170,323 24.5
Nashville 1,113,146 3.2 .... j
Wilmington, Del... 571.961 1.0 !
Fall River 600,996 .... 25.7
Scranton 712,536 .... 2.3 j
Grand Rapids 866,706 30.6 .... |
Augusta, Ga 473,139 .... - 36.7
Lowell 565,725 1.6
Dayton, 0... 717.250 34.2
, Seattle 1.124,319 50.2
Tacoma 635,190 . 17.8
Spokant 848,318 .... 6.5
Sioux City . 772,642 22.5 ....
New Bedford 669.300 67.3
! Knoxville. Term.... 675.120 13.1
I Topeka 474,222 .... 1.6
Birmingham . 358,374 .... . ....
Wichita ....' 478.355 -26.4
Hlnghamton ........ 307,700 .... 15.3
• Lincoln 375.972 .... 4.4
Lexington. Ky 582,712 64.5
Jacksonville, Fla... 198.305 25.3 ....
Kalamazoo ......... 211,417 .... 4.7
Akron 282.400 24.8 ....
, Bay City 192.944 .... 22.1
Chattanooga 297.953 26.5
Rockford. 11l 156.643 .... 93.3
Canton. 0 147,400 2.0
Springfield, p.. 170.999- .... 20.0
Fargo, N. D........ 243,342 17.3 . ....
Sioux Falls. S. D.. 97,057 86.5
Hastings, Neb...... 52,144 • .... 73.1
Fremont, Neb...... 99,545 ....
, Davenport 912.593 21.9 ....
Toledo 1.575,282 3.7 ' ....
: •Galveston 5.814.300 14.8
•Houston 6,7*1,573 1.5 ....
Youngstown 230,744 12.2 ....
; tMacon ..........:.. 356,000 .... ....
tKvansville ......... 605.700 ."... ....
tHeiena 6.11.403 ....
tLlttle Rock 207,939 .... .....
Totals. U. 5.... $1,106, 874, 363 .... 7T~
Total* outside New
York : 435.418,190 .... ....
DOM/NION OF CANADA.
Montreal $11,000,711 17.0 ....
Toronto 7.192,680 10.7 ....
Winnipeg 1.345.882 .... 5«
Halifax 1,093,356 1.1 .... I
Hamilton 615.910 .... 13 a
St. John, N. B 503,545 14.7 '"....
Totals $24,661,084 11.2
•Not included In totals because containing
other Items than clearings. tNot Included In
totals because of no comparison for last yeai.
DRIED FRUITS IN THE EAST.
NEW YORK, Sept. 9.— The Journal of Com
merce says: There is more Interest manifested
In all lines of California fruits and a better
feeling obtains, though there has been no
notable Improvement In prices. The market
for Santa Clara prunes is very firm and it Is
reported that buyers are showing more dispo
sition to take hold at the prices demanded
The demand, however. Is cnlefly for larger
fruit, which, however, serins to be almost un
obtalnahlfc. An Increased demand from ex
porters for apricots Is reported, but we hear of
no Important sales. Supplies are light both
here and on the coast and very full prices are
obtained. For peaches there does not seem to
be much inquiry, but in view of the limited
output, this season the market Is very firm.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Sept. 9.— Consols, 110 1-16; silver,
27 15-16 d; French rentes, 103f 22<£c. wheat car
goes off coast, steadier; cargoes on passage,
less active; cargoes Walla Walla., 27s Pd; Eng
lish country markets, dull.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 9.— Wheat, steady; wheat
In Paris, firm; flour In Paris, firm; French
country markets, easy.
WHEAT— Futures closed steady; September
Hs sTid; December, 5s 2%d;. Spot, No. 2 red
Western winter, steady, us sd.
CORN— September steady, 3s 3Hd; October,
steady, 3s 2^id; December steady, 3s 3^d.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Sept. 9.— FLOUR— Receipts,
22.17S barrels; exports, 22,2*8 barrels. Quiet
but firmly held.
WHEAT— Receipts, 70,450; exports, 28,000.
Spot market, strong. No. 2 red, 70Vi<3!70v6c f.
o. b. afloat to arrive. Options opened stronger
on cables and foreign buying. Demand later
grew general and more vigorous on bullish Rus
sian crop news, renewed cash demand In the
Northwest, bullish tips on the Government re
port and active export trade; closed l@lftc net
higher. No. 2 red May. tftMMSUc; closed,
6S»4c; September, 67H<?f69c; closed, 69c; Decem
ber, 65%©65T4c; closed, 65»ic.
HOPS— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to 6 points lower. Sales, 17,750 bags, Includ
ing: September, $3 45; October, $5 50. Spot
coffee— Rio. dull. Mild— Quiet.
Sl'OAß— Raw, strong; held higher; fair re
fining, 3 13-lfi'<i:3v(ic. Refined, strong.
METALS— Both lead and spelter developed
positive weakness in to-day's market, due In
measure to an absence of buyers and Increased
offerings. The other departments were neg
lected for the most part and devoid of inter
esting new features. Now nvemged up in fa
vor of buyers. At the close the Metal Ex
change called:
PlGlßON— Warrants dull, with Ji3 80 bid and
$6 95 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged, with $12 25 bid
and $12 37H asked.
TlN— Quiet, with $16 10 bid and $16 20 asked
LEAD— Weaker, with $3 RV bid and $4 02V4
asked. The firm that fixes the settling price
for miners and smelters quotes lead $3 S5.
SPELTER— Easier, with $4 75 bid and $4 80
asked.
BUTTER— Receipts, 40SS packages. Western
creamery, 14%f19c; Elgtns, 19c; factory, llftiij
14c.
EGGS— Receipts, 4049 packages; Western, 16c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. Sept. 9.— California dried fruits,
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6»Bc
prime wire tray, 9c; choice, 94c; fancy, 9^.f
10c.
PRUNES— 4 !frßc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, ll<3lSc; Moorpark, ISMI6C
PEACHES— Unpeeled. Vs9c; peeled, 12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Sept. ».— Wheat started stronger,
forced Its way up In the course of the first
hour's trading to lc above yesterday's close.
The Liverpool market opened from H@ ! (4d
higher and Increased the gain to from %d to
Id soon after business started here. Thau
caused a general rush of Btaorts to cover, with
very little wheat for »ale; with competition
! sharp, and bids were gradually • advanced.
Liverpool showed an advance at, the close at
from ■ l%d to l\id, and It t was thought the
strength there was In great- part owing to
further confirmation of Russian . crop damage
and desire of Russian exporters to close the
sales they had made for September shipment,
ias reported here yesterday. The market here
was active and broader than for some time
i back. The market - ruled strong right up to
i the tap of the bell and closed near the highest
point of the session. September closed lViis 1 '
higher and December gained l%c. •
Low temperatures, together with predictions
of frost to-night, strengthened Corn. The mar
ket ruled strong throughout the entire session,
closing with a gain of %c for December. -
Oats were firm and higher in sympathy with
Corn. ■ May rose %c. ■ ■
Provisions opened fairly steady, but turned
weak on heavy selling by prominent packing
houses. Pork left off 2%c down, lard 10c and
ribs 7%@10c lower. .
. The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—2 — ._ „,,
September 627$ 64 62% 63%
December «Hi «2% 61% «2 .
I May .. v . 63% 64% 63% 64%
September" .7...... 30% . 30% •' : . . SOY* 30%
December..; 30% 30% 30* 30%
May 32% 33% 32% 33%
Oats No. ."..... 19% 20V4 19%- 20%
September 19% 20-; 19% 20%
December 19% 20% 13% 20
May 21% 22% 21% 22%
. Mess Pork, per barrel
October ....8 42% S 47% 840 8 47%
December ..8 55 8 57% 845 8 57%
January ? 35 } 15 9 25 9 30
Lard, per 100 pounds —
October 5 02% 5 02% 4 52% 490
December..... 505 505 4 97% 495
January .' ...5 12% 515 505 5 02%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
September 5 22%
October 530 SSO 5 13. 6 22%
'January 4 77% 4 77% 470 475
. Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet: No. 3 spring wheat, 59%@63%c;
No. 2 red, 65@65%c; No. 2 corn. 31c; No. 2 oats,
20% c; No. 2 white, 24c; No. t white, 22%&3% c;
No. 2 rye, 45c; No. 2 barley, 387; 42c; No. 1 flax
seod, SS%c; prime timothy seed, $2 50; merg
pork, per barrel, $8 sOrfis 55; lard, per 100
pounds, $4 56@5; short ribs sides (loose), $ 5 fl ."'<r
5 30: dry salted shoulders, 4%@4?ic; short clear
| sides (boxed), $3 50&5 60.
Article*— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels C.IOO 7.F.W
Wheat, bushels 221.4C1) 99,700
Corn, bushels 27.1.500 2«f,.500
Oats, bushels 431.200 489,700
Hyp, bushels 15.100 9,500
JJarley, bushels 115.500 3.100
' On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter'
market was steady; Creameries, 13jyi8y%e; .Dai
ries, ll'i<7lsc. Eggs, steady; fresh, 12$ 12V4C.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Sept. 9.— CATTLE— In cat
tle to-day was fairly active at steady prices, i
Choice steers, $5 15«?5 70: medium, $4 70@4 80; i
I beef steers, $3 75#4 50- stockers and feeders, I
i J3@4 80; bulls. $2 25®4 25; cows and heifers, i
: $S . 50 • 25 ; calves, $4 50@7. ! Western rangers, |
! $2 Ss@4 40; fed Westerns, $4 10&5; Texans, $3 25 i
©4 So.
HOGS— Were 5c higher. Fair to choice, ;
?*JS7',4©4; packing Jots, $3 70®3 87%; butchers, j
»3 90@4: mixed, $3 75*3 92V»; light, $3 7Or 0 3 75;
. pigs, $2 9003 90. • . * ~
SHEEP— The. supply of sheep exceeded the I
demand,' and priee3 ruled weak. Native sheep. ;
13 7T>Tj4 30: culls, <2fi3 50; native lambs, $4 50@ i
6 25; choice lots, 6.
Receipts— Hogß, 20,000; cattle, 2000; sheep, 12.- j
000. - •.',*"
KANSAS CITY. ; ';
KANSAS CITY. F ». CATTLE— Receipts. |
! 5000. Market steady to strong: native steers,
$4 SSflB 55; cows and heifers, .*2<fJ4 26; stockers
; and feeders. %%<rH 75: bulls, (2 75©3 75.
HOGS— Receipts, $000. Market strong to 5c i
higher. Bulk of sales, S3 70<fi3 75; heavies. $* «5 i
; ts3 85: packers, $3 Roe's .7Vi; mixed. $3 5S@
3 75: lights, $3 50$ 3 70; yorkers, $3 70(33 75; pigs, 1
$3 SOft 3 r5.
( SHEEP— Receipts, 3000. Market firm; lambs,
; $3 25® 5 40; muttons, $3@4 20.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Sept. CATTLE— Receipts. 2000.
Market steady to strong. Native beef steers, i
; $4 301P5 30; Western steers. $3 75® 4 50; cows, 1
I and heifers, 13© 3 40; stockers and feeders
{ stronger, ■ $3 - 60©4 60; balls and stags, $2 25®
! 2 SO.
HOGS— Receipts, 0000. Market s@loc higher.
Heavy, $3 65^3 75; mixed, S3 65^3 67H ; light,
; *3 57^3 75; bulk of pales, M 6503 67%.
i SHEEP— Receipts. 3300. Market steady. Na
tive muttons. %3 75C4 25; stock. $3@4 10; lambs.
*455 50.
DENVER.
DENVER, Sept. 9.— Receipts, 250.
Market weak and a shade lower. Beef steers,
$3 50© 5 05; cows, $2 30^3 50: feeders, freight <
paid to river. $3 75^4 20; stackers, freight paid !
: to river. $3 8034 30; bulls ar.d stags. $2^3. -♦
Receipts, ■ 3^o. Market 5c higher
I Light packers, $3 65(R3 75; mixed, $3 65@3 75; ]
I heavy, S3 55^3 65. • ■ ■ ... ■■ - .
SHEEP— 200. Market steady. '. Good
fat muttons, S3 So®4-25; 'lambs, -$4 25«jJ5:50. -•
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES. •
CHICAGO, Sept. 9.— The Earl Fruit Company
auctioned California fruit to-day with the fol
lowing results:
Grapes— Malagas, .(.'54: Tokay, $1 35®1 55;
Sal way Peaches, 70c@Jl 05, average 85c. ■ Four
cars sold. Weather cool. ■ ■■ . : : ~_^'l;P
BOSTON, Sept. — The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit to-day with the following
result*: : . . ■ .' . • •
Pears— Bartletts, $1 10SJ2. average $1 36.
Prunes — Gros, 95c@1l 10, average $1 02.
Peaches— Cling. 90cSTJl 05, average 91c;
Lemon Cling, 90c; Crawfords, • Soc®sl 20, aver
age 95c. • Two cars sold. Weather cool. ■
MONTREAL. Sept. 9.— The Earl Fruit Com
; pany sold California fruit to-day with the fol
| lowing results:
Peaches— Sal way, average SI 18: Orange Cling
I $1 20; forge's Late, *1 25; Freestones, $1 01; i
I Late Crawford, $1 20. Hungarian, j
■ $1 SO; Gros, Jl 30. Grapes— Tokay, single crates i
I $2 25; Black Prince, SI "- Bartlett, 40c
1&K 40, average SI 73. "
1 NEW YORK. Sept. *.— Porter Bros. Company
sold at auction to-day California fruit as fol- j
lows: ■ -. .
Pears— Dey dv Cornice, $2 70iJJ3 65; Bartletts
II 25*?2 35; Howell. $1 55; Beaurre Clairgeau'
$1 20«) l 35. Plums— Kelsey Japans. $I©l 60 per
single crate; Schley. 75c; Egg, 55<S70c. Prunes—
Hungarian. $1 10 per single crate; Gros. 70c®
$1 15; .Silver, 60c@$l; other varieties 55<ftS5c
CHICAGO, Sept. 9.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day as follows:
Pears— Bartletts, $1 50#2 10 per box and 86c
per half box. Grapes— Tokays. $1 45 per single
crate.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Sept. 9.— Exchanges, $238 999
balances, $24,442.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Bept. 9.— About fifty carloads of
■wheat came in to-day, and renorts from the
Interior were to the effect that there was con
siderable selling. Walla Walla wheat Is sell
ing at E41?55c, and bluestem, 58<tT59c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Sept. 9— Wheat— Farmers show
little disposition to roll at present prices and
trade is quiet with millers the principal' buy
ers ■ 65c for club and 60c for bluestem
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
The markets are well supplied with all sea
sonable sorts and prices show very little change
from day to day, as usual at this time of the
year. Choice fruit Is rather scarcer, though
there is plenty of common fruit to be had.
Meats, Poultry, Dairy products and Fish sell
at about last week's priqes.
Following is The Call's regular weekly retail
price list;
Coal, per ton —
7annel $ ®12 00 Caetle Gate.. s9 60®
Wellington . @10 00 Southfleld
New Welling- . Wellington ta 9 50
ton ®10 001 Coos Bay ... <a 7 00
Seattle 8 Co<s 1
Dairy Produce, etc.— - -, . '■'■''
Butter, fancy, per ; I Common" Eggs. . . .. 15@20
square .:.:....... — @50 1 Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per r011.... 1 .- <S45| oz ..' 25^30
Do, good ...... '..-^ftpiO l Honey Comb, per
Cheese, ; Ca1........ —& 12 f Ib .12«15
Cheese, Eastern. ..ls® — Do, extracted... g®lo
Cheese, :8wi55.....20(8'25|
Meats, per Ib — 
Bacon 11(317 Pork, > fresh — @12
Beef, choice ..— ®l2 Pork, 8ait..... 10(dli
Uo, good B@lo Pork, chops.. — 012
Corned Beef — ...— 8 Round Steak...... 10(3—
Ham, Ca1.....:..12V4®15 3irloin Steak.. ..12%©—
• Do, Eastern...;. — @15 Porterhouse, do.. IT^O
Lard......... :....:. 12015: Smoked 8eef......12@15
Mutton ........— 1 Pork Sausages — ®20
Spring Lamb......12@— i Veal ;.. ....10^15
■ Poultry and Gam* — • - . •
Hens, each.... ■' 50® 65, Turkeys, •pr It) ' IS@ - ; 20
Young Rooet- I Ducks, each... 40!&) 60
era. each..... 60® 75 Qeese, each....l OOMI 25
Old Roosters, •- .- • Pigeons, pair. . 25« 1 50
each :.......'. 40® 60- Rabbi pair.. — 40
Fryers, each... 50® 60 'Hare, each ©■ 20
Broilers, > each.'. 30@ 40 •■■ .■■•. . , '
Fruits and Nuts— "'.. ' T
Almonds, 1b.;.....10ffl 1 12 r each 6@lo
Apples, n>.......... 4® 6 Oranges, doz 12W30
Blackberries, - per ■ ■ j Pears, per Tb. ...... 4$ 6
drawer :.....25035, Peaches, per n>.... *<d> 6
Bananas; d0z..;.".: 15^20 Plums, Ib "... 4@ 6
Cantaloupes.- eachlO@ls Quinces, per 1b.... 5@ 6
Figs, per tb....... 60 8 Raspberries, per
Grapes, per Ib.:.:; 4® 8! drawer ..:.35@50
Huckleberries, per , , | Raisins, 1b... s@lo
Ib ■..•;.....•...;..'.. 8010: Strawberries, per
Lemons, d0a...;...25!a ii — ,' drawer 25(340
Limes, doz ..... : ..10«i>15 Walnuts, 7b ..... 12<&1S
Nectarines, pr Ib.. 4® 6 Watermelons, echlo@3o
Nutmeg Melons ••. . ' ...
. . Vegetables — ".' ■',■, ■. ■•, .
Asparagus, rb..... 6@lo Lettuce, ' doz . 15025
Artichokes, d0z...2. r .«S3O| Green Okra, Jb.... 6@ 8
Beets, doz ...... 12W15 Onions. rb.......... 4@ 5
Beans,: white, rb..i4(S> s'. Peppers, green 14® 6
■■;" Colored; Ib .'..;. 4® 5 Potatoes, 1t>.. ..."... 2«ai 3
Lima,"' lb. '..:".:. ..5?? 6 Do Sweet .."4(3) 5
Cabbage, each 6®lo Parsnips, doz. .'.... 15<!t20
Cauliflowers, each s<aiO 1 Radishes, dz | behslO-n-12
Celery, bunch s<B>— , Sage, dozibnehs. .2s^3s
Cress, doz bnchs..2O<S;2s String Beans, lb.. 43) 5
Cucumbers, % doz. ..10©15 Summer Squash ;"
Egg Plant, per tb. in 6 pec 1b. '..■......■;.. 419 5
Green Corn. d0z..12tf?30 Thyme, 1b.......... 20(^30
Green Pean, -. Ib:.'.v.7® 81 Turnips, d0z."...;.; 15CT20
Lentils, 1b....v.;.. 6® Si Tomatoes, 1b..;... 3@ 4
Fish, per — -iV : „_,.
Barracuda ........ B#lo, Shrimps • »wW
7arp 50 61 Shad — <?—
Codfish S@lol Sea Bass — «1O
Flounders 5@ 6' Smelts ilO@l2
Herring .....— <&— : Soles fglO
Halibut B®lo Skates, each ■: 6810
Klngflsh B^lo 1 Tomcod »®lO
Mackerel —ft— Clams, gal — ©50
Do horse 9Q ' Do, hardshell, 100.40@50
Perch Sf^lO Crabs, each,.......10«15
Pompeno 50<fi7" Do, softshell, doz.2ii®.'.s
Rockflsh —910 Mussels, qt »filJ
Salmon, smoked;. 2o^— j Oysters. Cal, 100.. .4<K?—
Salmon, fresh SWlOi Do.Eastern, d0z:.25(g)10
3turgeon .ICSI2'
•.-;...-■;,/ ■ ♦ ■ •
TITB CAtVr/8 CAXTTTTTJAH.
September, 1898.
Th.
1
FV
>
Moo a •*■ Phase*.
Qua fr
■ "ii. September 7.
lj»^Y KewMoon. ,
j VVSpp ember 15.
1 First Qna'tpr.
i 9 September 22
Ful >om I
\\i) September 29
4
11
S
"8
16
S
21
21
■
j:
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange. Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
fre* of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hatid
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic' signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal. ■■.-■".
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any. Is published
in the morning papers the following day.- "
("HAS. P; WELCH.; .
Ensign (retired), U. S. N.. in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Const and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bny. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hiph and low waters occur at
the dtr front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 10.
Sun rises 8;47
Sun sets 6:2">
Moon rises 0:24 a. m.
1
2
2:
3
4
4
5
H Vi
0.6 9:25
0.5 9:52
0.5 10:12
0.6 10:31
O.S 10:50
0.9 11:09
1.21 11:30
L
L W
4.1 1:32
4.3 2:25
4.6 3:05
4.8 3:44
4.9 4:20
5.0 4:58
5.0! 5:36
7:11
8:10
9.00
9:45
10:28
11:11
11:55!
4.4
4.5
4.7
4.8
4.9
4.3
1,
1.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th^
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Th*
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third t\'\*
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The hefghts
given are additions to the soundings on th*
T'nited States Const Survey charts, except
when a minus Flgn (— ) precedes the height,
.and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, 17. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., Sep
tember 9, 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-d&y —
I. c., at noon of the 12f>th meridian, or at 3
p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Alliance iHonolulu |Sept.l»
Pomona :San Diego iSe,pt.:>
Plam (Nanaimo jSept.lo
Fin Mateo IVanaimo 'Sejit.H
Mackinaw Tacoma Sept. ll
Wellington Departure Bay iSept.ll
Chilkat Humboldt jSept.l2
Homer Newport lßept.l2
Willamette Seattle I Sept. 11
Czarina Seattle Sept. 12
Santa Rosa San Diego iSept.U
Umatilla Victoria & Puget Sound lSept.H
State California i Portland ! Sepr. H
National City.. ' Portland ' |Sept.H
Mineola Tacoma • Sept . 1 1
Crencent City... (Crescent City ISept.lTi
North Fork IHumbcldt iSept.ls
Bertha |St. Michael 'Sept. IS
Coos Bay INewport |Sept.l 6
Signal !Oiays Harbor [Sept. 16
Australia IHonolulu : Sept. 17
Geo. W. Elder.. jPortland ;iSept.l7
. :•)
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Portland ... St. Michael... jSept. 10, 2 pm'S W 4
Glenpyle ... China &Japan;Sept. lv, 1 pm;fUon
Q. W. Elder Portland I Sept. 10. 10 am Pier 13
Cook Bay... Newport Sept. 10. SamiFterll
Orizaba Humboldt 'Sept. 11. 10 amiPler 9
Arcata ICoos Bay jSept. 11, 10 am|Pler 13
Corona San Dieso Sept. 12. 11 am, Pier U
Columbia .. [Portland Sppt. 13. 10 ami Pier 24
Walla Wall ■ Vie & Pgt Sd. (Sept. 13. 10 am Pier 5
Homer Newport jSept. 14, 9a.. Pier 11
Chilkat ....(Humboldt ....[Sept. 11, 3am Pier 1.1
Pomona | Humboldt Sept. 16, 10 am [Pier 9
Santa ltosa_jSan Diego 'Sept. 16, 11 am, Pier 11
State of CaljPortland Sept. 16, M am Pier 12
Coptic : China&Japan Sept. 17. 1 pm I'.MSS
Steamer.
Destination.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, September -9.
Br stmr Coptic, Sealby. 27 days 14% hours
from Hongkong:, via Yokohama 17 days 54
hours, via Honolulu 5 days 20% hours.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Posen, 40 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Walla Walla. Wallace, 61«4 hours from
Victoria and Port Townsend. .
Btmr San Jose, McLean, 20 days from Pan
ama and way ports.
Stir- Laguna. Ericsson, 19 hours from Bear
I Harbor.
Stmr Arcata. Reed, 50 hours from Coos Bay
and way ports.
Stmr George Loomis, Brid-rett. 33 hours from
Ventura. ' , .,
Stmr Cleone, Miller, 14 hours from Albion
and way ports. v «.':. ,
Stmr Alex Duncan. Glelow, 24 hours from
Monterey. Green. KW hours from Port-
Stmr Columbia. Green. 6S* hours from Fort
land, via Astoria 40>, hours. ,
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons, 20 hours from Eu-
Schr Archie and Fontie, Nvman, 18 hours
from Stewarts Point. Wetzel. 15 hours from
Schr Bender Bros, TNetzel. 15 hours from
Sehr Nettie Low, Low. 5 hours from Point
I'" Nettle Sundbor". Johnson, 15 hours from
Fish Rock. SAILED. -''<-">;
SAILED.
V.Vi'-'f - Friday, September 9 ••
Stmr Westport, Peterson.
Stmr Progreso. Gil boy, Seattle. ■...■-,
Stmr Gipsy, Olelow, Santa Cruz. • }
Stmr Ruth. Strand. Tlllamook.
Stmr Aloha. Jorgenson, Fort Bragg. ■;•-',,
Stmr Washtenaw, Cro— "up, Taooma.
Br ship Earl of Dalhousie, Thompson, Port-
Sclir Webfoot, Donnelly.
Schr Eureka, Apslund.
TELEGRAPHIC. .
POINT LOBOS, Sept. 9—lo p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind NW; velocity. 20 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS..
NEW YORK, Sept B— Ship Iroquois, from
Honolulu reports heavy gales on July 4; decks
flooded, water casks stove, and again on July
1J carried away main yard, forestay bolt, lost
balls and received damage about the decks.
QUEENSTOWN, Sept B— Br bark Invercoe,
from San Francisco, reports continued gales
from May 23 to June 24. Vessel strained heav
ily. ■ . ■;■ ■ : --. - - ■■ - ■.■ .-. !
. SPOKEN.
Aug 29— Lat 23 60 N. long 44 38 W, ship
Agener, from New York for San Francisco.
July 20— Lat 22 S. long 27 W. Br ship Wynn
stay, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
July 28— Lat 2 N, long 26 W, ship St Fran
ces, from Norfolk, for Honolulu. . v .
Auk 15— Lat 24 S, long 42 W. Ger ship Maipo,
from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia.
Aug 28— Lat 39 N. long 39 W. Ger bark Pal
las, from Vancouver, for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDONDO— SaiIed Sept 9— Schr Viking, for
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sept 9— Stmr
Greenwood, ■ for San Francisco. *■- •
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Sept 9— Schr Car
rier Dove, for Melbourne.
EUREKA— SaiIed Sept 9— Schr Rio Key, for
San Francisco. : •
' ASTORIA— Sept 9— Stmr State of Cal
ifornia, hence Sept 7. ..,.
NEWPORT— Sept 9— Schr ' Halcyon,
from Eureka. • .
* FOREIGN PORTS.
FALMOVTH- Arrived Sept 9— Br ship Wyn
stay, from Astoria. . . .
HONOLULU— Arrived Aug 31— stmr \ M!o
wera, from Sydney. Sept 2— Br stmr 'Aoran^i.
from Victoria: Br • stmr Coptic,": from Yoko
hama, pt 3— U: S stmr Scandia, hence Aug
27. ■ •• : ■-; : . .■•■ .- •■■ •• .-■;.-.-.-..,■
' Sailed . Aug 31^-Br * stmr > Glengyle, ' for San
Francisco. Aug. 31— Bark Kate Davenport, for
Port r Townsend. - Sept ; I— Stmr Allance, ■ for San
Francisco: , hktn . Irmgard, ; for San Francisco.
Sept ; 2— Br stmr ■ Aorangi. J for . Sydney; '' schr
Esther Buhne, for Eureka: Br ship Enterpo
sails . to-flay for Hoyal Roads; bark Sea Kins
to sail for Nanalmo. - "ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
PIONEER'S LIFE
CLOSES SADLY
*% K. Shattuck Dies of
His Recent Injuries.
LONG CAREER OF SUCCESS
DUG HIS FIRST GOLD ON THE
YUBA RIVER IN 1850.
Subsequent Enterprise in Oakland
and Berkeley Enabled Him
to Amass a Large
Fortune.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 9.
Francis Kittrldge Shattuck, whose
name has been before the public of Ala
meda County for nearly half a century,
died this morning at his home. Several
AIDED OAKLAND'S GROWTH.
FRANK K. SHATTUCK, a Pioneer, Who
Died Yesterday.
flayfi .iq-o Mr. Shattuck was getting on
a car when some one quickly got off and
knocked down the aged capitalist. The
injury he received resulted in paralysis
ai,d subsequent death.
Seventy-three years ago on the banks
of I,ak»- Champlain. in New York, F. K.
Shattuck was born. His California ex
perience begins with '49, when he came
by way of Panama to the Yuba River,
where he mined for gold. Not meeting
with much success his party went to Ne
vada City and later to Downieville, where
hf laid the foundation of his fortune. In
the early fifties Mr. Shattuck. with
Messrs. Hlllegas, Blake and Leonard, took
up 640 acres of land, a portion of which
is now included in the university grounds.
In 1860 Messrs. Shattuck and Hillegas
opened Up the Mount Diablo conl mines.
Mr. Shattuck was the promoter in ISG4
of the Oakland Railroad Company, and
two years later he formed the Amador
Water Company to supply Oakland. In
1871 he waa one of the founders of the
Oakland Gas Company.
In 1370 he, with others, was given per
. mission to build a wharf on the water
fnnt, and in the sume year he com
moncod the railroad from Fruitvale to
Oakland, and another on Adeline street
to Berkeley. All of these enterprises
■were bona fide, and contributed largely
to the development of Oakland. He af
terward began to build business blocks
In Oakland and Berkeley, all the time
being In public life to some extent. He
may be truly called the pioneer of
li.-rkeley. He served a term as City
Clerk, wax president of the Council, and
in ISC9 was elected Mayor of Oakland.
In 1867 ho was elected a Supervisor, and
in isr.ii was sent to the Legislature. On
T several subsequent occcaslons he was
elected to be a Supervisor, and finally
r.tired from public life in 1876.
Mr. Shattuok has passed the chair in
Live o.ik Lodge, F. and A. M.. is a mrai
b.-r of Oakland Chapter. R. A. M.. and
a charter member of Oakland Comman
dery No. 11, K. T.
Billiard Contest.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 9.— Much interest wa3
manifested by a largo attendance at the
club rooms of friends and members of the
Encinal Recreation Club to witness the
'billiard contest between- E. A. -Mudgett
and George N." Tyler. ' The match was
caused by Mr. Tyler issuing a challenge
to Mr. Mudgett, who. was the winner of
the first prize in the late tournament of
the club. Both gentlemen are careful and
adept players and their every play was
watched with Interest. The challenge
was for the best 'two out of three games,
and the score Is as follows (Mr. Tyler to
score 150 points and Mr. Mudgett 140
points): Mr. Tyler 92 and Mr. Mudgett
140 points. In the second, game Mr. Tyler
scored 150 points and Mr. Mudgett 140
points. Each having won one game, an
other win be necessary, which will be
played next Monday night at the club
•rooms. "'"■'. '
'me club will Inaugurate a double hand
ball tournament In about two weeks.
Encinal Literary Society.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 9.— The Encinal Lit
erary Society held their third open meet
ing fast evening In the parlors of the Con
gregational church.' A very pleasant
. lime was spent by the members and their
friends. The following interesting pro
gramme was rendered: "Song by • club,
•-The Spanish Cavalier"; remarks by
President Chamberlin: duet, . Harry
Greenwell and E. Ward; address, Fred
. Van Meter; violin solo, Will T. Locke;
14 recitation, Edgar Ward; song. W. W.
Bradford; address, Kiah Hamilton; piano
V solo. Clarence Bradford; song, "On the
I Banks <.f the Wabash;" dub. : Refresh
ments were served in generous supply.
A number of applications for membership
in ,the' society were received.
Read about Uncle Sam's new atlas
and the stories it tells in next Sun
day's Call.
HAS RAISED A
HORNET'S NEST
Cuvellier Says Parents
Want a Change.
HIS LETTER IS CRITICIZED
DRS. McLEAN AND COYLE DO
NOT AGREE WITH HIM.
Oakland rakes Up in Earnest the
• Discussion Over Her
» Public School
System.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 9.
The criticism of Councilman Cuvellier
on the public school system of Oakland is,
outside of politics, the leading topic of In
terest.
Councilman Cuvellier issued the follow
ing to-day:
To the many citizens of Oakland who have
come to me since the publication of my oppn
letter to the Hoard of Education and taken
me by the hand, expressing their approval of
the stand which I have taken in this matter,
I desire to return my sincere thanks. It is
certainly gratifying to a man who has es
poused a cause which he- feels to be right to
knuw that he hns the almost unanimous sup
port and approval of the community in which
he resides. It is an incentive to others to go
and do likewise.
Now, to all who have come to me with their
expressions of approval, I desire to say that
you should not stop at this, but you should
go to the School Director representing your
ward and express to him your frank and hon
est opinion of the manner in which our schools
are being conducted.
If you cannot call on theee Directors? then
address letters to the board and to the Su
perintendent of Education, but best of all go
to them in person.
If you have grievances against the schools
you have a right to lay them before the Hoard
of Education, and they owe you a respectful
hearing, which I ajn confident they will grant
you.
And to the honorable Board of Education I
repeat what I said to them last Tuesday even
ing: Make it your business to ask every parent
you meet who has a child in our public schools
what he or she thinks of the methods of In
struction and the manner in which the children
are being driven out of the schools by over
work if you really want to learn the truth,
and, having learned it, have the courage to
apply the remedy. B. C. CUVELLIER,
Councilman at Large.
Oakland. September 9. IS9B.
Dr. J. K. McLean, president of the Pa
cific Theological Seminary, has made a
statement in which he says:
I have served on school boards in three
States during nil my ministerial life. Before
coming here I have been connected with the
schools. While I have never made a critical
comparison of the standard of our schools
with those of other cities I have Been enough
of our teachers during the last twenty-six
years, and of the result of their work among
the hundreds of children of my own congre
gation, many of whom have gone through the
whole course from the lowest primary grade
to graduation In the High School, to give me
assurance that our schools have been well
equipped, nnd that the work done has been of
the highest character.
In a published statement Henry A.
Schulze of East Oakland says:
Het has made a statement which many, if
not all, who send children to the public school
kn..w k* <.nly too true; it is expressed with
consideration -and moderation which can be
characterized as neither an abuse, an outrage!
an insult noc a tirade obviously Intended only
to right a wrong; it affords wholesome food
for meditation and a basis for correcting a
system which has many elements of error.
The High School Aegis in an editorial
says:
' Something like a year ago the amazing dis
covery was ..made .. that the Oakland High
School was being conducts upon too. expensive
a ■ plan. As is ueually ' the case the - teachers
were made to suffer by having their salaries
reduced. The reduction was . accepted without
any decided remonstrances, and the system of
four ■ periods . a day. with four recitations a
week, was continued with satisfaction to both
students and faculty.
During the ; summer vacation, however, the
discovery was made that the school waa still
an expensive Institution. Since the same dis
covery was made. a year.: previous this, latter
one may be fittingly, dubbed "Dr. McClymonda'
New Discovery.". , The "New Discovery" was
an ailment to be remedied, however, and after
a careful diagnosis a prescription - was . filled
which called for the reduction of the teaching
force and the . five-period system. . ...
" The system was- faithfully- tried six weeks
and proven a complete failure.
Rev. Dr. Coyle strongly defends the
present methods and In a , signed j letter
says: ', '."..'--,-.., •'."•'• .. '..:.,'-■ -■-•'.'
As a patron of the public schools of - Oak
land will you allow me space for Just a word?
TlireV of my children in the Lincoln School
now; the eldest two were- there and In the
High School until two years • ago, ..when they
entered Mills College, '■'■ I ■ have" . watched their
progress, .Interested myself somewhat in their
(■•turtles, watched the Influence of; the schools
upon, them,, and have . only words of >' praise; to
write. - . -.•• .■•■■:.(...;"■-■,..■■.:•■.. . .. ...-,,>; ;, ,»•;.-
Certainly my children are not, and never have
been, overtaxed: They have, very ■ little home
work ito do; , only. a few f minutes • a day. mid
the oldest" !b in the eighth grade. ■ I i have felt
sometimes that : It would net hurt them, a bit
to ore ita ■ them ' a • little : harder. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO (JAJLL, SATIKDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1898.
A QUESTION
OF BACKBONE
Auditor Snow Opposed
to Money Lying Idle.
COUNCILMEN IN A HURRY
WOULD SPEND HUNDREDS OF
THOUSANDS AT ONCE.
Several Problems of Paramount Im
portance to Taxpayers Are
Before the City Council
of Oakland.
For the purchase of
Adams Point $240,000
For improving the
same 50,000
For dredging Lake
Merritt 80,000
For building sewers
on each side of
the lake 38,000
For a retaining wall
between Eighth
and Twelfth sts.,
estimated 7,500
Total $415,500
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Sept. 9.
How much backbone Is required to with
stand the pleadings of wealthy men? This
is the question that was debated before
the City Council last night, and it brought
out a few bitter and more personal re
marks. The City Council, which goes out
of office next March, has on hand now
more schemes for the disbursement of
public money than any other Council even
undertook. Many of these projects are
being undertaken in sanitary measures,
which were strongly advocated about two
months ago by the Lake Merritt Sanitary
Improvement Club. This club is composed
of the wealthiest men in the city, who
are. of course, the largest taxpayers.
They have appeared several times before
the Council, and their labors were re
warded by a unanimouß vote to pass the
ordinance appropriating $80,000 for the
dredging of the lake.
Auditor Snow does not believe the tax
payers want this large amount in the
levy for one year, and in his estimate he
placed $42,000, as this amount adds 10
cents to the tax levy, and is all that can
be used this Jiscal year in any event.
"There is the necessary advertising to
be done," said Mr. Snow. "There are
some legal points to be looked into, there
is a dredger to be built on the lake be
fore the work can commence, and three
months of the fiscal year have already
gone. It required all the backbone I could
command to stand off the requests of
those wealthy men, who wanted me to
place the $SO,OOO on the levy for this year.
As a good business proposition it is folly
to tie up a lot of money wßen it can earn
nothing till it is spent. It has to be taken
from the pockets of the taxpayers, and it
should be spread over two years."
Councilmen Cuvelller and Girard agree
with Mr. Snow, but as they voted for the
ordinance "when the wealthy men were
In the lobby," as Mr. Brosnahan put it,
they voted last night to let it go in the
levy.
For building the sewers on either side
to prevent its contamination as a water
park $35\500 has been placed in the levy,
and plans are being prepared fofXbuildlng
a retaining wall.
These amounts, if all remain In, will
exceed the $1 17 that is permitted under
the law, even without the 19 cents extra
that will come under the provisions of
the park and boulevard law.
In addition to these amounts a bond
election is to be held in a few weeks, the
main feature of which is to raise $240,000
I for the purchase of Adams Point for a
public park, and $50,000 to improve it.
I This brings the sum which it is proposed
to expend at once around Lake Merritt
to $415,500.
Councilman Heitmann has discovered
that the city's horses are eating the
treasury into bankruptcy. There are hun
! dreds of horses in the employ of the
i Police, Fire, Street and Health depart
ments that are busily engaged in eating
hay at $27 per ton— the price at which
the Board of Works let the contract. Mr.
Heitmann says there is nothing in the
contract to prevent the city buying its
hay in open market and saving thousands
of dollars, and he will follow the matter
up.
It is only three years ago that Mayor
Davie decided the law only permitted $1
levy including the bond and Interest fund,
and he forced the city government to
confine itself to that amount, and the re
sult was fairly satisfactory.
DESPAIR DROVE HIM
AWAY FROM COLLEGE
LOUIS D. BYAN HAS SENT WORD
TO HIS FRIENDS.
The Berkeley Freshman Who Disap
peared Last Sunday Turns Up
in Santa Barbara.
BERKELEY, Sept. 9.— Louis D. Ryan, a
member of the freshman class of the Uni
versity of California who disappeared
mysteriously from Berkeley last Sunday,
has at last been heard from. A letter to
his roommate, Carlson, was received to
day from Santa Barbara, stating that he
was quite safe, but had altogether given
up the Idea of returning to college.
Ryan entered the University of Califor
nia last. August. His whole course at col
lege proved a bitter disappointment to
him. He encountered endless perplexities
in sec-king admission as a student in full
standing. As the credentials he offered
from his preparatory school were not up
to the requisite standard he was placed on
probation for a term. The thought that at
the end of that time his record of schol
arship might not be satisfactory to his in
structors worried him a great deal, and he
was known to brood over it continually.
• This moroseness settled upon his mind,
and last Saturday he gave up In despair.
Leaving a short note of farewell to his
roommate he disappeared quietly, and was
not heard from till this morning.
His friends in Berkeley kept the matter
very quiet until yesterday, when tele
grams to different friends and relatives
failed to give any clew to the whereabouts
of the missing student. This morning's
mail cleared up the mystery. In his letter
Ryan speaks of having come to himself
again. In a fit of despair he left for the
southern part of the State, finally turning
up in Santa Barbara. He asked to have
all his things forwarded to him, as he had
given up hope of ever returning to Berke
ley.
Woman Suffragists.
OAKLAND, Sept. 9.— The Alameda
County Political Equality Society at its
annual meeting elected the following offi
cers for the ensuing year: Honorary
president, Rev. J. K. McLean; president,
Mrs. H. J. Chapman; vice-presidents,
Mrs. C. L. Wood, Miss Bertha Shafter,
Mrs. .Emily Vrooman. Mrs. S. C. San
ford and Mrs. J. A. Waymlre; recording
Hecrotary. Miss Mary Kecne; correspond
ing secretary. Mrs. Randolph; treasurer,
Mrs. C. "W. Emery; auditors, Dr. Clara
B. Schofield and Miss Clara Schlingheyde.
The following ladies were chosen dele
gated to the State convention to be held
in San Francisco on October .4: Mrs.
Isabel A. Baldwin (chairman), -rs. I. B.
.C. W'oodhams. Miss Mars? Keene. Mrs.
»
John L. Burnside, Mrs. J. A. Waymire
and Mrs. C. L. Wood.
Professor Jordan to Speak.
OAKLAND, Sept. 9.— The Starr King
Fraternity, of which Mrs. R. P. Gleason
is president, is preparing an interesting
programme of amusement and study for
the coming season. Next Wednesday even-
Ing Charles Markham. principal of Tomp
kins School, will speak on Omar Khay
yam, the poet and philosopher of Persia,
and on the 21st the fraternity will enjoy
a treat In a new lecture by David Starr
Jordan of Stanford University on colonial
ism and territorial expansion of tho
United States.
Camp Dewey Organized.
OAKLAND. Sept. 9.— Camp Dewey No.
19, Army and Navy Republican League,
was organized this evening in Justice
Clift's court with thirty-seven members.
The officers elected are: A. W. Remold,
colonel: F. M. Farwell, lieutenant colonel;
W. E. Wallace, major. The election of the
other officers went over until a week from
to-morrow night.
The Oakland Terminus.
OAKLAND, Sept. 9.— The reports that
something will soon be done by the Valley
railroad with regard to an Oakland ter
mir.us arc being renewed. There is an ex
isting committee appointed by Mayor
Thomas to keep open communication with
the Valley road people, but up to this time
the committee has done nothing. «
Harvest Festival.
OAKLAND, Sept. 9.— The local corps of
the Salvation Army will hold its annual
harvest festival at headquarters, Twelfth
and Washington streets, from September
17 to 20. The celebration this year Is ex
pected to eclipse all former occasions of
this kind.
Oakland Golf Players.
OAKLAND, Sept. 9.— Miss Florence
Dunham won the ladies' competition
match for the silver gift cup at tne golf
links of the Oakland club to-day. The
final contest was between Miss Dunham
and Miss Bell Mhoon. There was a largo
attendance of spectators.
CANOEISTS ENTERTAIN.
A Day's Sport and Pleasure at the
Clubhouse on Sessions Basin.
The Oakland Canoe Club received lta
friends at its quarters on Sessions Basin,
East Oakland yesterday. The guests of
the club were requested to be on hand at
10:30 in the morning to witness a canoe
race for the Holliday cup. At 11:30 fol
lowed a swimming race open to all comers
and at 12:30 p. m. a "cold snack." At 2
n. m. came a club handicap race, with live
ballast, at 3:30 tub races and a tournament
open to all comers, at 4 exhibitions In the
skin canoe "Snolligoster," and at 4:30
cruising in the sloop Beatrice and other
craft owned by members of the club. At
6 o'clock there was provided something to
eat for those who were hungry, and there
was nobody who wasn't. At R musicians
put in an appearance, and to the Bound of
their instruments young men and maidens
tripped the light fantastic toe till the last
car warned them to depart.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
' Iji^ Steamers leave Broadway j
I Trinlrim wharf, San Francisco:
HSfjSSlsi. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
I |B»»SSb»<*!% Sept. 3, 8, 13, IS. 23, 2S, October
I i»SvSw«\»\a 3'3 ' transfer at Seattle.
|W^«Hjrai For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
£B§3g^?faM.l ' C), l'ort Townsend, Seattle,
i *V|[j2gtSSS Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes j
and New Whatcom (Wash), 10 I
a. m.. Sept. 3, 8, 13, IS, 23, 23, I
October 3, and every fifth day thereafter,
transfer at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and Q. N. Ry., at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry.. at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
I For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m., Sept. j
6, 11. 16, 21, 26, October 1, and every fifth day I
thereafter. ■ „,
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. j
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Sept. 2. 6. 10,. 14, IS, 22, 26, .
30. Oct. 4, and every fourth day thereafter. .
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har- |
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port '
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a. !
m., Sept. 4, 8, 12. 16. 20, 24, 28, Oct. I, and
even' fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa?, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. ISth of every
month. , '-•-;•■ '■ '.■■ ■'■
I For further Information obtain folder.-
; The company: reserves fhe t<V-change
without previous notice steamers, , sailing dates
and hours of sailing. . ' . . . ~: .."...' :
fIOKKT OFFIOE-4 New Montgomery
street -(Palace- Hotel). ; ... . .
OOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen.- Agts., .
\ . . . 10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND ;
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Berths
IHnL $8 Second Class - and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of Ca1if0rnia.......... Sept. 7. If 25
Geo.-W. Elder :... Sept. 10. 19. 28
Columbia Sept.- 13. 22. Oct. 1
St. Paul ....... 116 (0 St. Louis 3100
Kansas City ..... 26 00 j Chicago ;. 24 00
Omaha 26 00 New York .; 3100
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
• 630 Market st.
: GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. .
Superintendents.
Compagnie Generals Transatlantic^,
French Line. to Havre. -
Company's pier (new) 42 North j^^
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <^tStt\
by this line avoid both transit by w^-l ••>
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small . boat. New ■ York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, $144;
second class, $116. . ..
LA NAVARRE :...." Sept, 17. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE .........Sept. 24, 10 a. m.
LA GASCOONE... .........Oet. 1, 10 a. m.
LA TorRAINE Oct. 8. 10 a. m
LA CHAMPAGNE....... Oct. 15. 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent,
No. 8 Bowling Green, New Tort.
J. F. Ft'CAZI & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. . ■ -
fMflPllQlifa S. S. AUSTRALIA
iais9llUiralL* Atl ' 1 for Honolulu only
• IP ■■■■■• Wednesday, September
M >«. 21, at 2p. m.
GisS^V^ Th S. S. A LAMED A
SaMm^nin J sails via Honolulu and
G){Ulllljlll r ' w Auckland for Sydney
/SlTlßFinW*' Wednesday. October 5,
V-MIIWWUCT at 2 a, m.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents, '
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— Market: st:.. San Francisco.
BAY Aif D BIVEB STEAMERS.
ToRirsTNAVMARD AND VALLeST
'-. ~ Steamer "Monticelio." :
Mon., Tuep., Wed., Thurs. and 5at............
- 9:45 a. m.. 1:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thnra.)
Friday 5....'.....'..........1. ...'.....'........ ..1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays.. ..........10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and offices— Dock. PUr 1
.-•.-■ T>Uphon« Red 2241. - ; ;, ■■■■:■■
TAKE BOAT TO SAN JOSE.
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY, TOO. at 10 a. m.
Steamer ALVISO. Clay street Wharf. Fare 75c.
Delightful Bay Trip, 44 miles and return.
On Sundays. ; Excursion, |1. :. \ : ,
RAILROAD TBAVEL. .
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST.'. RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO. '
Every Day Pullman . Palace Sleeping Car*
. and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Car*
1 ... Run on the Following Time i *
leave ) San FranclBCO.4:So p. m., S.M.T.W.T.F.i.
Arrive Denver .'.v;;..B:O0 p. m., W.T.F.S.B.M.T.
j^Tlv* Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.B.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicag0....... t:00 p. m., T.F.5.3.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reasoa.
.■ ■ ," ;'."..... able Rates.
YOU WILL BE COMPOPTABLE ;
i. If You Travel on the Santa Pa,
! fill FRAICISCQ TICKTIFHCE— MARKET: SI
; TELEPHONE MAIN liO. •
fakl&nd Office— lllB Broadway. 7
: » B»erwnento offic»-r-201 J Street. •
: Bu Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara 8t»
7-IiOUNT7 -liOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY. •
. ; ;■-•.;:. . iVia; Sausalito. Ferry.) ";. ;;;.;;;•
■ " Leave • San ': Francisco, * commencing . Sunday,
Sept. 1L 1898: 1 - ,'..■.: ,-.;'- .;, ■.:.- .... ■ ,/; ?.-;i:.
Week Days— a. m., -.1:45 p. m.. - -
T ." Sundays— B:oo, > 10:00, . 11:30 a. m., 1:16 : p, m. .
I"; Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.;*.-^ A .r.
THOB. ;, COOK & , SON, .Agents, 621 Market
I street. • Sail : P""" 1 " 1 " ;-'" r ;'v;,"-. \^,- : - • -'-'•- ' <• .
»
:.-;■ ADVERTISEMENIS. : ;■ .-Jr^
"llsolute^cuMtyT
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of Brent Good.
PRINTED ON RED PAPER.
Very small and as easy ,. . > . ..... ' ■',
' to take as sugar.
SEE [rARTTtfo] FOR HEADACHE - SEE
r UAstl UXO FOR DIZZINESS. M
rcMiiivr SSSISYTIP: FOR BILIOUSNESS. • rHI! .. In
GENUINE \W ivFP for torpid liver. GENUINE
mPI LLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPER * JLLjI for sallow skim. WRAPPFR
tijiaiii,a |^^^__| F0 R T HE COMPLEXION WMrrM
p . OKIWTJEVIS MU»T HAVE J^CNATUBC.
25 Cents I Purely Vegetal>lB./^^t^sS*(C.
Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A-^k,^ 625 KEABXY ST. Esublished
B?*l IjMa 'n IS3 1 * 'or tbe treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABNY ST. Established
, In 1854 for the treatment of Private
DisfHSfß, Lost ilan hood. Debility or
sgß^^«lfiS| ciisease wearing on bodyand mind and
JV« f =swjiSra Skin Diseases. Thedoctoreuroswiieti
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
i!^slßag£^^ ) nifkciiiiranliT il. Callorwrlte.
Dr. J. V. UIBBO>, Box. 1957. San Francisco.
PROCLAMATION.
STATK OF CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO, July 30th, 1398.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California at Its thirty-second session begln-
Oing on the fourth d»y of January, A. D. 1597,
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
In -frtor fhereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of tha
Btate of California, to-wlt:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
41.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
eighteen or article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, in relation to revenue and taxation, by
which It is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows'
Section 18. No county, city, town, townßhlp,
board of education or school district shall in-
cur any indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding In any year
the Income and revenue provided for it for
such year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the interest on such Indebtedness as It falls
due, and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
came: provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with Interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or 6ewers In said city
and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
Visions of this section: and In determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply in any man-
ner: and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo, In Solano County, may pay its exist-
ing Indebtedness Incurred In the construction
of Its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any Indebted-
ness or liability incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
shall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
Btate of California an amendment t the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a n. ..• sec-
tion, to be known and designated as section
•even and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the inhabitants of
counties of local county government acta for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section 74. The Inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty it shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed In dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof,
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
•hall then be published in two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or if there be
not two such papers, then in one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication It shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county, at a general or special election, and if
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for Its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, and If ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall In such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
Inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act, certi-
fied by th* President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
setting forth the submission of Buch county
government act to the electors, and its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made In duplicate and
deposited one In the office of the Secretary or
State the other, after being recorded in the
office" of the Recorder of Deeds in the county,
among the archives of the county.
All courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county (government act so ratified may be
amended, at Intervals of not less than two
years by proposals therefor, submitted by the
leulplatlve authority of the county, to the
Qualified electors /hereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
In a newspaper of general circulation in such
county nnd ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
nroved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
any alternative article or proposition may be
presented for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted en separately without prejudice to
° I^shall txt competent In all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner in
which the times at which, and the terms for
which' the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed: for their compensa-
tion- for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
nnd for the compensation payable to each of
■uch deputies, for the manner In which, the
times In which, and the terms for which the
rnTmhors of all boards of election shall be
elected or appointed and for the constitution,
regulation compensation and government of
such boards, and of their clerks and attaches:
also to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shnll be con-
ducted and may in addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate In any primary election.
Whenever nny county has, in the manner
and method herein pointed out. adopted nny
county government act. and the same shall
have been approved by the Legislature as
nforesaM the direction of sections four aM
five of this article providing for the unlformitv
lif a system of county governments throughout
the State nnd llkewlße"providlng for the elec-
tion and appointment of officers, and the regu-
lation of their compensation, shall r.ot apply.
'Said county government act snnli. as to any of
the matters herelnabove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act. N.it be
•mbiect to any law or amendment enacted hy
the Leclslature. except by amendment flrst
submitted to the electors nnd ratified in the
manner herelnabove net forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
44.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section,
to be known and designated as section five and
one-half, article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows:
Section 5H- The Court of Claims Shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
Who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive Jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims of every kind
and character against the State, under such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
l's Judgment thereon shall be final. The termß
of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
lows:
In the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March:
In the City and County of San Francisco,
commencing on the second Monday in July
and
la the City of Sacramento. cowm«ncin« on
HE ran CULL,
$1.50 per Year.
The iS M K° n ,l ay of November of each year.
receive nn 8 h ? a '" S BUch term of court shall
Sin ™-? ex ra compensation therefor, but
out of th « their actual expenses, to be paid
The Lptu e i^ enera L f l ? nd of the State treasury,
to or««ni,« V ha " - enact all laws necessary
c?dSre ther<» n , Uch court - t0 Provide the pro-
of this section. 11 * 1 tO Carry out the . Provision.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR. - "
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
. No. 37.)
fir^tA"! 8*1^?8 * 1^? tO . Propose 'to the people of the
stltutinn ?1!K? 1 !K° rn o an amendment ie the Con-
bv adrtin the StatP " amending article ele en,
as .»,• a new « ectlon thereto, to be known
consrS n , umber " ye and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. The
c^m PO « P / new sec tlon to read as follows:
prf/ « S^u. The Provisions of sectl four
fil1»?ofT of th! * article shall not, nor shall any
legislation paused pursuant thereto, apply to
now lldated city and county government,
£?W»? W » ¥?*"** °r hereafter formed, which shall
have become, or shall become, organized under
11V) rt 0I V»u? or Becure a charter under section
eight of this article.
- AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE. " •
(Being Aaeembly Constitutional ' Amendment
No. 36.)
c».f."S p IS. t0 Propose to the people of the
flfwn « California an amendment of section j
ron«Mt h sec yon .ixteen of article five of the
%hirl it «° of th % State of California, by !
which it Is proposed to amend said sections to
read as follows: , , 
.if » Ct i V?;. A lieutenant Governor shall be
elected at th? same time and place and in the
same manner as the Governor, and his term of
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
Section 16. In case of the impeachment of i
in!v,m J. or hl1 ' oval from office, death,
inability, to discharge the. powers and duties of
his office, resignation or absence from the !
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieut. "'t. Governor for the :
residue of the term, or l the disability sha.l •
cease. And should the L .te.-.ant Governor be
Impeached, displaced, resign, die or become in- !
capable of performing the duties of his office, I
or be absent from the State, the president pro
tempore of the- Senate shall act as Governor un- i
L iir vacancy. in the office of Governor shall
De filled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant .Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy In the
office of Governor" for any of the reasons above
najned, and . neither the Lieutenent. Governor
nor the president pro - tempore of- th > Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, t then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the speaker or the As-
?embly.? embIy . until the offlce of Governor shall be
filled at such general election. .
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38.)
A resolution to propose to the people of th»
State of California an amendment to section
six, article nine of the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
which it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall fn-
clude primary and grammar schools,, and such
n.gn schools, evening schools, normal schools
and technical schools as may he established by
the Legislature or hy municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall Include schools organized In »
school district, or union of school districts
having more than one thousand Inhabitants, in
which a course of study shall be taught which
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural
mining or scientific department of the Univer-
sity of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 54.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an arrendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, in rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which It
is proposed to amend said section to read aa
follows:
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of Its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
In the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
in session for twenty-five days, after which it
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fail to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete its
session. No pay shall be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventy-five days, and
no bill shall be Introduced in either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session
without the consent of three-fourths of the
members thereof.
NOW. THEREFORE, Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of the
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval," approved March 7, A. D. 1883,
the above-described proposed amendments are
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State, at the election to be held throughout
this State on
TUESDAT, NOVEMBER 8, A. D. 1898.
The said proposed amendments are to b» sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows:
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written - or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon the • voter may. express hi*
choice as provided by law: ■•'■■.■;■■ - •' -• ■ <■
Amendment Number One, being Senate ' '
Constitutional Amendment Nov.-; 41 ',' ;•■
(exempting certain claims against the . -,-'
City and County of San Francisco, and -,'•- .
the existing indebtedness, of the City .". Yet
. of Vallejo for the construction of Its- ' ..
water, works from the provisions of * No
■ the Constitution requiring such claims ■
to be paid from the. lncome and reve- '.
nues of the year In which they. were :'
. Incurred). •-■-—••■ • - •----j
For the Amendment? - • - . -.• '■",-
Amendment Number, Two. being Senate ( : •■
Constitutional -. Amendment . No. 10 .. . Ye«)
■ ; (providing for framing local county- — — —
government ;■ acts - by- inhabitants of No
counties for their government). ;
For "the Amendment? ■; - : ■ il : ""-'i.';«5
Amendment "Number Three, being Sen- f V . "i
ate , Constitutional Amendment '■> No. • ,
44 (providing for the creation of a
Court of Claims to determine claims ""■'-. Ye«
against the State, and- to consist of ' — ,
three Superior Judges designated by . No
the Governor to . serve "without extra ■
compensation). . . '
For the Amendment? • •'.:■ ' '• ; .n{ ; -':'
Amendment : Number Four, being As- t
sembly • Constitutional Amendment • .-'.' '•■
v No. 37 1 (exempting consolidated cities a « Tea
and counties, « organized or to ; be or-- — _
1 ganlzed, or holding a '■_ charter . un- •. No
I der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation in relation to : counties).
For the Amendment?- ; i-. vr " - ^ , . "■'.
Amendment Number Five, - being As- '.-"■.' "".- ■
;. sembly •. 'Constitutional, f Amendment ■ - A
No. 36 (relating to office of Governor, ' V*«
■ providing for succession ~ thereto In ' - I-
certain cases and removing disability No
of Lieutenant Governor from holding '■'■:. •.*
other office during term).- . >. -' ,
For the Amendment? , - . . ■ ; ■[•:.•
Amendment Number Six, 1 being Assem-" f *••-••
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 38 -a Ye»
.(relating to . and defining ■ Grammar , - .
Schools).- , -■",* ■"...:■'..■ ■■■-:: -, No
, For the Amendment ?i ,. ."; :,' ,,i ■'■': \ : .' ',". -
Amendment Number Seven, being As- ?• . ■
; sembly Constitutional Amendment ' <
No. 34 (providing for adjournment of .Tea
Legislature for not less than thirty ' ~_
nor more than sixty days during each .''No
session).- ,:.;.•-•  .;• - - , : •. - --■*• -;/....-■
■;■■■ For the Amendment? ■-< — •• -.' — --"■ -•' - j, 1 :'■
' '-Witness ■my hand and the Great Seal 'of the
State :of California, • the ' day - and ' year herein
first above written. „ ■■'' ■••■ ■-./■,■.■ : r "_,,.*
- -.■.-:••-. -.■; - • ■ ..- JAMES H. BUDD. Governor V
'■: Attest: L. H. BROWN, Secretary or Stat*.
ISEAL.J
AUCTION SALES.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE!
A. C. FREESE, special administrator of the
estate of Martin Meyerhof, deceased, will sell
on Thursday, September 15, IS3S, at 12 m., for
cash, .subject, to confirmation by Superior
Court, a grocery and liquor' 'business situated
at southeast corner of Geary and Mason streets,
San Francisco, Cal.. and a lease of premises
whereon such business is located.
Full information may be obtained at room 35,
Chronicle building, San Francisco, Cal.
" A. C. .r-'KEESE, '
Special Administrator of the Estate of Martin
Meyerhof, deceased. * -;,;•■
KALLROAD TRAVEL.
.fSOVTMKUN PACIFIC COHPAST. ,
(PAOiriC BYHTKM.)
Trului l«flT«i mill air due •• «rrlV« ••
KAN I'UAM'WI'O.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
wave — From July 10, 1898. — abkitx '
•C:OOa Nlles. San Jose and Way Station*... • 8:431
7:OOa Benicia, Sulsun and Sacramento.... 10:43 a
7»Oa Marys»iSle, OroTllleand Redding t!s>
Woodland S:43p
7:(Mi.v FJmlra. Vacaville and Rumsey 8:43p
':'£»:. Martinez, Sau Ramon, Vallejo. Napa,
Ualiitofta and Banta Rosa 0:13p
8:OOa Atlantic Express, Ogilen and Kast.. *:t'>r
*:»ua .San Jose, .Stockton, Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, M;iryaYi!l«,
Chico. Tehatna and Re 4 ltliiff.... v 4:13p
»:3Oa Peters, Oakdale and Jamestown.... * 7:1.3p
•8:30 a Mi1t0n.......... nils»
. »i»«A New Orleans Kxpress. Merced, Kre*- . :". V
no, Uakersfleld, Santa - Barbara,
I<os Aiigelefl, Deming, £1 Paso, .
New Orleans and East ««43p
IO:OOa Tallejo, Martinez and Way Station* ?:45p
•I:00p Sacramento la»er Htemnerg,... «9:OOp
San Jose, Nile* and Way Stations. . . J»: 13a
S:OOp Livermore. Meudoto, Manford and
Visalla/. !?.. 4:l»p
....... Livernicre, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations 110:15*
, 4t«op Martinez, Ban Ramon, Vallejo,
" *,-».' Napa, Callstoga, Xl Vurano and
• ■. .^ ■ Bantaltosa , »iiaa
4:OOp Benioia, VacaTUle, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysrllle, Oro-
Title and Sacramento Id: IB a
<:SOp Nile*, San Jose, Tracy and StocWon 7t 1 3 p
, 4:80p Stockton and Lodi l»il»f
4:30? Latbrop, Uodesto, Merced, Fresno, ■■■-■-'--
Mojare, Santa Barbara and I.o*
' ' Angeles.... 7j43a
4iBop M:trMucz, Merced (Raymond tot • ;
;":^ . Yoseraite) and Fiesno ia»l3»
4i3op Santa I'o llotite. Atlantic Kxprea*
fur MojaTe and Kast «:43p
«J:O«i- Kuropcau Mail, Ogtlen and Kast.... 9:43 a
•CtOOi- Vallejo 12:13p
r.:O(»i- lliiywnrilH, Nilisand fi an Jose - 7i43a
t?iOOp Vallejo, Fort Costa and Way Sta-
. tions t*:43r
. BiOOp Oregon ICxi>r«ss,Hacram9Kto, Marys-
Title. Red.lliitf. rort.and, Pu(et
80-: id and East •tI»A
SAX LUANOKO AM) lIAVWAUDK LOCAL.
- ' (Foot of Market Street.) _^
1 M*lro«c, Seminary Park, 7 TiVii
«:OOa Kitclibnrir, Elmlinrst, 12 S ls*
i2 ! ««* 8*»8 *» l-*»n.lro, South Su WAlt
«i|-,oSt I^ndro.KHtu.mi* Ji;«*
ji2:oom ' Lorenio, Cherry ■ n:ISr
i3:oop and I'i-.ftr
3:00p Kiiywnrd*. 13:43p
7:00p I Runs through tc lilies. 7:43p
J t From Nlles. * I
COAST DIVISION (Narrow tiange).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17:43* Santa Cruz Excursion. Santa Oroa
and Principal Way Station! J»iO3»
8:13 a Newark. terrille, San Jose.Felton,
Boul Creek, Santa Onus and Way '
Stations »»3©»
•2:1 3p Newark. Centerrillo, San Jose, New »- '.; ---; •,
.'■ll,'. ' •■. Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way . •
Station* «I»j»»a
4:13p San Jose. Glenwood & Way Station! 9:20 a
04:13p Bouldar Creek and Santa Crux JU:2Oa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIR FRABCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 A.M. tl:00 *2:00 11:00
•i:00 ' tB:OO •6:00r.u.
from OimßD— rott »r Bro»dw»j.— "6:00 8.-00 10:<Wi.M.
tl3:00 *1:00 tS:OO *3:00 tt:OO "8:00 *■*•
~ COAST DIVISION (Broad Uange). ~
(Third and Towngsnd Sta.)
•7:OOa Ran Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) liWl
t7:3OA Sunday Excursion (or San Josa, -;-,'
Banta Cruz, Pacific . Grove ana
Principal Way Station* IStMr
•i ooa Han Jose, Tres Pinos, Santa Cms, '-*,
Paclllo GroTe, Paso Robles, i San
■ - Luis Oltisno, Ouadalupe, Surf and
' Principal Way Stations ........... 4ilOp
lOi4Oa San Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... *8:00 a
1 1:3Oa San Jose and Way Station! ....... *SiS3a
•*i43r San Mateo, , Redwood, Menlo Park, -
' .■-•. ■-• •' j Palo. Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose, 
■ ";. Ollroy, Uollister, Santa Gnu, ■
• Salinas, Monterey, and Paelno
- - ' Gr0T0. .....:...: :... ;.. «lOxBoa
•SiSOp San Jose and Way Stations *9:00 a
•4:15p San Jose an.) Principal Way Station! - 13a
■S:00p San Jose and Principal Way .Stations ' 6:»3a
San Jose and Principal Way Stations 5:3«p
O::iOp Sau Jose and Way Stations 7:30r
t11:45p San Jose and Way Stations 7:30/
• A for Morning.  P for Afternoon.
' Sundars exempted. } Sundays only ' 1 SatnnUys only
f Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK JDAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m ; 13:35,
1:10, 5:10, 1:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra tri»
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m.
BUNDAYS-8.00. 8:30. 11:00 a. m.; I:3a, !:*».
• :60, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; U:«S,
5:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. •:«. U:10 a. m.; I:4ft, »:«.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
■ame schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
• June 29. .
Week I Sun- 189 S. Sun- I Week
Days. I days. Destination. days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
t:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:23 am
6:lopm 6:oopm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm B:22pm
Fulton,
T:Soam Windsor, 10:J5am
Hesldsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville.
t:Sopm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35pm (:23pni
7:3o ami I Hopland and I 110:25 am
8:30 pm| 8:00 am! Ukiah. | 7:35 pm[ 6:22 pm
7:30 ami 10:23 am
1 8 :00 am GuernevlUe. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm| B:2ipm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 110:40 am B:4oam
and
6:lopm 6:oopm Glen Ellen, f 6:lopm 6:22pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami SebastopoL 110:40 am,10 :25am
B:Sopm| 6:Wpraj I 7:35 pmf 6:22 pro
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Bprings; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at O«y-
*ervill« for SkagKs Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Carlsbad
6prlngs, Soda Bay, Lakeport an* Bartlett
Bprings: at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley. John Day's. River-
side. Lierley's, Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights.
Hullvllle. Boonevllle. Orr"s Hot Springs. Men-
docino City. Fort Bragg, Westport. Usal.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st.. Chronicle bid*.
A. W. FOSTER. R- X. RTAJf,
Prea. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:2O. »S:M. 11:00 a. m.; *I:4S,
3:45, 5:15, »6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday*.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •B:OO. «10:0 Or *H:3O a. m.; «1:15,
3:00, »4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked * run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, *€:35. 7:45. »9:30 a. m.;
•12:20, 2:20, »3:45. 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturday at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »B:OO, •10:00. "11:55 a. m.; *1:15,
•3:10, 4:40. »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked * start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:4S, 6:45. 7:55, 9:40 a. m. ; 12:36.
2:45, 3:50, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. TO.; 12:05, 1:20, 3:20.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINB.
7:20 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations.
S: a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta'a.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, 1898, Tains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Paspen-lMtxed. Mixed. jPasßen-
ger. Sunday Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptdj Daily.
7:2oam 9:ooam Stockton 3:45pm s:4opm
9:loam 12:50pm Merced 12:50pm 3:53pm
10:40 am 3:50 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 pm
11:35 am «:45pm Hanford 7:45 am I:2spm
2:45pm 11:50pm Bakerptleld. 2:3oam 10:15 am
12:05pm] 7:sopm Visalla 6:40am112:55pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, learing San Francisco and Stockton at 8
p. m. daily, excepting Sunday from San Fran-
cisco; at Merced with stages to and from
Snellings. Coultervllle, Yosemlte, etc.; also
with stage from Hornitos, Mariposa, etc.; at
[ Lankershim with stage to and from Madera, ¥
1314
WHO WILL GET
THE PARTY NAME?
Secretary of State Will
Decide To-Day.
POPULIST VERSUS FUSIONIST
THOMAS V. CATOB, TO ATTACK
THE PINTO POPS.
Lengthy Brief in Which the Claims
of the Middl«-of-the-Boadsters
Are Set Forth in
Full.
Secretary of State Brown will be asked
to-day to decide which of the two wings
01 the People's party is entitled to the
I arty designation on the official ballots
that will be placed in the hands of the
voters of the Suite next November.
The names of th( nominees of the fu-
Blontsta and the raiddle-of-the-roadstera
will be presented to the Secretary at Sac
ramento to-day, and at the same time
representatives of the two factions will
present arguments in support of their re-
Bpective claims to the party name. The
middle-of-the-road Populists will be rep
ted by Thomas V. Cator, and in their
behalf he has prepared a lengthy brief, of
which the following is a part:
The Secretary of State is required to deter
mine if there be any reason why a certificate
of nomination presented should not be filed, and
if so to return the same with a specification in
writing of the reason.
The facts show that what we call the fusion
convention did not represent the People's party;
that It abandoned the "call" and the dele
gates therein their trust by falling to nominate
a People's party ticket, but that It on the con
trary entered into a compact and bargain with
other parties to give up and yield up Its right
to name a ticket and gave the power to an"th-»r
convention (the Democratic) to name a large
portion of the ticket In consideration m a ua»
gain that each would then support the candi
dates of the other at the ballot box. Thus the
People's party fusion convention did not reserve
and retain the right to its convention to name
or make the ticket.
The final fusion ticket was not the act of a
convention within the meaning of section 11&6,
Political Code. It was a mutual bargain. It
was an agreement not to nominate a large por
tion of Its ticket In good faith, but to put
them up as mere dummies to be taken down
by resignation provided for in the fusion com
pact, to make place for and give the party
name and support to nominees never named
by its convention. This Is not such an act
as the code contemplates. This is not repre- ;
senting a political party. This Is a mere com
pact which Is not and cannot be the act of the
People's party convention, but Is the act of
these conventions and their chosen committees
to finally execute It.
It Is the bargain— the compact to abide what
ever may be the ticket which shall result from
the compact by which the People's party (fu
eion win?) lost all power to itself to make the
ticket, as It should be by the execution of the
final compact that constitutes an abandonment
of the trust by the fusion delegates, for by
this action they became a new entity, mere fu-
Elonistß (not themselves making the ticket), but
admitting other parties to help and control in
making it.
In doing this they ceased to represent the
party which sent them under a call "to nomi
nate candidates of said party," to wit, a full,
complete ticket.
• • •
The "call" for the convention as Interpreted
by the usual course of political parties is to
represent their own party only, and consti
tutes the declaration of trust, upon the faith
of which the party chose delegates as trus
tees, and stated the purposes of the trust. This
call not only in to nominate a complete ticket
but "to nominate candidates of said party."
In addition to this there Is an absolute neg
ative upon any fusion or union unless It be an
amalgamation by joint conventions agreeing
upon an Identical platform to be accepted by
nil candidates before any nominations made.
This was not done, hence the declaration of
trust Is for a straight party ticket. Such Is
the purpose of that trust.
There never was any modification of this
trust by the voters who sent delegates under
It, nor was the breach agreed to by all the
trustees.
If there were any discretionary powers in the
delegates as trustees they must execute them
themselves. They delegated their powers to
other parties and agreed to abide a compact
■which ehould be the result of the compromise
fusion bargain of all. Thus they delegated
their powers to strangers.
This cannot be permitted. Discretionary
power in the execution of a trust cannot be
delegated to a stranger. ■;." • ■■■•
The fuslonists in the People's Party Con
vention having abandoned their trust and
formed a fusion by which they became a new
entity were not In that condition successors
to. and they did not represent in those acts the
People's party. They could do this as Indi
viduals and become fuslanlsts, but they could
not do this in the name of the "People's
Party," for it was not ordered by such party.
It was foreign to their trust and did not bind
or carry the ensign of "People's Party," which
Is the name of the party, and belongs to the
People's party voters who adhere to their
party, and not to the fuslonlsts.
The name of a party Is property of the party
and cannot be used to deceive voters. The use
of the name "People's Party" to designate a
ticket made up by a bargain by the act of
three parties is such a use as will deceive the
voter. The majority of the trustees having
abandoned the trust and become fuslonlsts,
can the People's party have the trust exe
cuted and a ticket of Its own to vote for?
The fusion Populists can by petttlon take
any name they or their committee see fit to
take that dies not infringe the name "Peo
ple's Party." If they have nut yet actually
taken a new name it is because they are
wrongfully assuming the name "People's
Party." It was or Is their duty to take
a new name because they have become "fu
ei'Pi.i.sts" and they ar>- in law deemed to have
taken a new name, for It Is a maxim of law
that "That which ought to have been done is
to be regarded as done."
• •
This ticket in California is everywhere com
monly called a fusion or union ticket, and that
is its true name. It Is nowhere called the
"People's Party" ticket; such a name would
be false and v misnomer.
The delegates who Joined In the fusion plan In
the People's party convention thereby aban
doned their truet and ceased to represent the
"People*! Party." They became thereby a new
entity, and as such were not successors of the
People's party, nor did they then represent
any political party which had cast 3 per cent
of the vote. etc.
Under such circumstances they were not a
convention at all, as defined by law. and their
nominees or selections could only gi> on the
ballot by petition. They may take such nama
as they piease to Indicate their fusion except
the name "People's Party." If they take the
name "Fusion Ticket" or "Union Ticket" they
will correctly designate themselves. If they
take the name 'People's Party" they misrepre-
Fent and deceive. On the other hand. Bhould
the reorganized straight ticket, which adhered
to Its trust, be compelled to take a new name
It would be grossly oppressive, and be a mls
nnmer. and compelling those who have been
faithful to assume a false name., which they
Will not do, and neither Justice nor law will bo
construed to require this. If the fusionists
ri.uld take the party name, an-i those who are
faithful be compelled to assume a false name
then law would reward those guilty of a breach
of triiHt and would punish those who were
faithful. This the law cannot do
• • •
These fusion compacts are agreements to sup
port and endeavor to procure the election of
candidates named by other parties In considera
tion that those so supported will endeavor to
pnx-ure the election of th» persons named by
the fiinion Populist delegates. It is a trading
of votes and traffic in public offlc* against
public policy, agalnrt the above express law
ana agains' honest politics, and therefore for
such reason unlawful, and the fusion Populists
cannot u?^ the name "People 1 * Party" to carry
For the above reasons the certificate of the
reorganized People's party should be filed, and
all use of the name "People's Party" except
by the reorganized party rejected
THOMAS V. CATOR.
Attorney for "People's Party."
OLD SOLDIERS FOR GAGE.
Timely Action Taken by the Army
and Navy Republican League.
An Important meeting of the executive
council of the Army and Navy Republi
can League of the State of California was
held yesterday, at which there were rep
resentative delegates from almost every
camp in the State. Commander-in-Chlef
W. EL Seamans of Los Angeles presided,
and upon taking the chair announced
that in his opinion the success of the en
tire Republican State ticket depended in
a great measure upon the way In which
the veterans of the Civil War, the Mexi
can War and their eons were encouraged
to go to the polls. In this State there are
25 000 such voters, and while he did not
doubt that 90 per cent of this number was
as faithful to-day to the party of prog
ress and prosperity as it was loyal to its
country in its hours of need, still there
was a great necessity that they should bo
better organized for active work. By do
ing this much good to the Republican
party could be accomplished, and in order
to do so it would be necessary to organize
a strong campaign committee, to whose
hands much of the work must be com
mitted.
On motion of Judge H. D. Talcott of
Oakland the commander-in-chief was em
powered, with such others of the council
he might select, to confer with the Re
publican State Central Committee as to
the best methods of conducting the cam
paign, and for this purpose a conference
will be held to-day.
In order to prevent irresponsible and
unauthorized persons from collecting
money from candidates and the public
generally the following resolution, offered
by General Edward S. Salomon, was
unanimously adopted:
"Resolved, That the comraander-ln
chief of the Army and Navy Republican
League be and he is hereby instructed to
give public notice through the press of
this city whenever he deenis it necessary
and expedient that no parties are author
ized by this organization to collect funds
for this league, and that persons claim
ing to represent thiß organization and to
have authority to collect funds for the
same are impostors."
It is the intention at an early date to
hold a monster mass meeting o- veteran
soldiers and sailors in this city, and pre
liminary steps for the formation of new
camps throughout the State were taken.
The following were then named by the
chair as a campaign committee:
Colonel J. C. Currier (chairman). Colo
nel C. Mason Kinne, General E. S. Salo
mon, M. S. Blackburn. T. C. Masteller
and Frank Elliott Myers of San Fran
cisco; Judge 11. D. Talcott. F. M. Far
well, Mark D. Hyde and S. H. Hunt of
Oakland; J. L. Field and C. L. Metzger of
Alameda: F. W. Ficks, L. H. Geitner of
Sacramento; Governor J. J. Gosper and
Major J. A. Donnell of Los Angeles;
Major Andrew G. Myers of Fort Jones,
and Captain Robert S. Johnson of Stock
ton.
WILL NOMINATE TO-DAY.
Second Railroad and First Equaliza-
tion Conventions — Republican
Executive Committee.
On account of the Native Sons' celebra
tion at San Jose the meeting of the Fifth
Congressional convention has been post
poned until Monday at 1:30 o'clock. The
Second Railroad and First Equaliza
tion district conventions will be held
at 11 o'clock this morning in Sniels
building on O'Farrell street. Secretary
of State Brown has been put forward as
a candidate for the nomination in the
First Equalization District.
The first me-eting of the executive com
mittee of the Republican State Commit
tee will be held at the Palace Hotel this
afternoon.
Thirty-Ninth District Club.
The Thirty-ninth Assembly District Re
publican Club held its regular meeting
last evening at Saratoga Hall. The ex
ecutive committee of the club was in
creased by adding the names of Frank D.
Wurth, Amos furrier, J. G. Terrill, B. F.
McKinley and J. H. Woodward, who were
recognized as active members of the party
in trie district. It was the sense of the
meeting to harmonize all factions and
bring a. solid vote for the Republican par
ty at the ensuing election. No one clique
is to be considered as representing the
people of the district, but all are to work
toward making the Thirty-ninth District
the leading Republ'ran district of the city.
The members were entertained by
speeches by Major C. W. Kyle, Oscar C.
Lewis and others.
Thirty-Fourth District Republicans.
A meeting of the Thirty-fourth Assom
bly District Republican Club was held at
Finn's Hall, Thirteenth and Harrison
streets, last evening. Twenty-five new
members signed the roll, making a total
of 125. William Raisk and Charles Meyers
were indorsed for County Commltteemen.
Philip Bannon was Indorsed for Assem
blyman. ______________
Asthma,r.ronchltlß, Catarrh cure guarant'd. Dr.
Oordin, Sanitarium, M 4 Pine, nr. Kearny, S.F.CaI.
A DANGEROUS BRIDGE.
A. W. Gale, With His Wife and Two
Children, Thrown Out of
a Buggy.
An accident occurred to A. W. Gale,
who resides at S4O Alabama street, yes
terday evening at 9 o'clock, which, fortu
nately, did not terminate In anything
more serious than a series of scalp
wounds to Mr. Gale and some slight
bruises to two children and the smashing
of a buggy in which Gale and his family
were riding. The little party was re
turning from a day's outing down the
road, and when crossing the bridge at the
foot of College Hill, which is over Islais
Creek, a milk wagon came thundering
down the incline behind the buggy, and
In crossing the bridge upset the bugsry
and threw the occupants out on the road
way. Police Officers James F. Dennin
and W. King, who were on duty in the
vicinity, on hearing the screams of a
woman hurried to the place and found
the Gale family in a heap on the road.
The patrol wagon was summoned and
Officer J. A. Belyea was dispatched from
the Seventeenth street station. On his
arrival he drove the party to a drug
store on Mission and Twenty-ninth
streets, where it was found that Mrs.
Gale had received several scalp wounds,
besides bf-ing badly shaken up by her
fall. The two children who were of the
party received some slight bruises about
the limbs. The husband and father es
caped without injury. The buggy was
smashed into kindling wood. The driver
of the wagon that did all the mischief
drove off as fast as the horses could be
made to travel.
This is not the first accident that has
occurred at this place. The attention of
the Supervisors has been directed to the
unsafe condition of the bridge. In its pres
ent condition It is one of the most dan
gerous spots on the Mission road.
In addition to being old and rot
ten, is in such a condition as to make It
dangerous to the life and limb of the
many persons who are compelled to cross
it either on foot or In teams. This unsafe
condition is brought about owing to the
embankments on both sides of the car
track having been washed away in to the
bed of the creek. Teams arc compelled
to drive on the center of the roadway
and on the car track while crossing. This
is a risky undertaking during the night
time, when the curs are running at full
spf-ed as there is an incline on the road
way both from the east and west to
ward the bridge which makes it difficult
to stop the cars when running fast.
The sum of $10,000 was appropriated a
few years ago to build a steel bridge
over this creek, but the City Hall politi
cians found other use for this money and
consequently the bridge was left to take
care of itself.
The property owners In this portion of
the city are anxious to have the Ingle
slde road lighted by electricity and a
suitable schoolhouse built for the use of
the children, who are now housed In old
unsanitary cowshoils.
Alice Rix writes about the "Last
of the Kahunas" in next Sunday's
Call.
THE LABOR COUNCIL.
A' Movement to Increase the Con-
sumption of Home Products.
At the meeting of San Francisco Labor
Council last night Andrew Furuseth of
the Bailors' Union reported that the Ship
Owners' Association has for the past
month or more been making a determined
effort to man their vessels with cheap
crews. Hundreds of negroes. Japanese,
Spaniards and Portuguese have been
shipped to points along the coast, chiefly
to Eureka, to man coasting vessels. These
mixed crews are not considered as trust
worthy as the white men, and will work
for less money. The matter was dis
cussed generally, but no action was
taker..
Mr. Clapp of the Musicians' Union in
troduced a resolution to have lists pre
pared of all the business houses handling
union made goods. Each month a dif
ferent trade will be taken up, and the.
delegates and members of subordinate
unions furnished with complete lists 01
houses selling or manufacturing union
made goods of that particular variety. As
a number of delegates were absent, no
action was taken, but the proposition was
looked upon favorably by all present.
The Idea is to stimulate the consumption
or home-made products whenever thoy
bear the stamp of the trades union.
The committee on Labor day reported
that tho picnic last Monday was a suc
cess both socially and financially.
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Fhyniciens recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming baths. North Beach.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1898.
PROHIBITION
CONVENTION
Alameda County Ticket
Nominated.
SOME FEARS OF TRICKERY
DOUBTS AS TO GETTING ON THE
BALLOT.
Anti-Saloon Advocates Decide to
Make an Active Campaign
for the Coming
Election.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 9.
The Prohibitionists held their county
convention in the Playter block to-day
and nominated the following county tick
et:
Clerk— H. B. Land, Oakland.
Recorder— Allen Sharkley, Oakland.
Treasurer— Charles Chester, East Oak
land.
Assessor— R. R. Bird, East Oakland.
Tax Collector— H. Pascoe, East Oakland.
Auditor— T. H. Montgomery, Oakland.
Superintendent of Schools— Miss M. A.
Thompson, Oakland.
Sheriff— V-'. H. Bone, Berkeley.
Coroner— L»r. James Stark, Oakland.
Supervisor, Second District— Thomas B.
Russell, Haywards.
Supervisor, Third District— lra Sanford,
Alameda.
District Attorney— F. W. Sawyer, East
Oakland.
Public Administrator— James Humphrey,
Oakland.
Th« rest of the ticket, including the As
sembly and Senatorial districts, was re
ferred to the new County Central Commit
tee, ■Vkhlch was appointed as follows: Dr.
P. McCargar. T. H. Montgomery of Oak
land; T. L. Hierlihy. G. W. Griffith, Ala
meda; R. R. Bird, East Oakland; Mrs. H.
S. Taynton, W. H. Bono. Berkeley; J. P.
Hayes, Temeseal: and Charles Chester,
East Oakland. The? new committee will
meet at 90C Broadway next Thursday
evening for organization.
The new auditing; committee is com
posed of J. P. Hays, T. L. Hierlihy, G. W.
Griffith, P. McCargar and Mrs. H. E. Mc-
Math.
The convention was called to order by
Dr. McCargar, and T. 1.,. Hierlihy was
made chairman, J. P. Hays secretary, and
T. H. Montgomery treasurer. The plat
form indorses the national and State
platforms and the State ticket nominated
at Fresno In Juno last. The Oakland City
Council is congratulated for passing the
anti-cigarette ordinance and the hope is
expressed that the next step will be to
prohibit whisky drinking.
Resolutions on the death of Frances
"Wlllard were adopted: also extending a
vote of thanks to the ladles for an excel
lent lunch served at noon to the dele
gates and to the press, and approving
the Pacific Prohibitionists as the party's
official organ. The subject that created the
only warm discussion was that In regard
to the fear that through some method the
party might not get its county nominees
on the ticket at the State election.
"If there Is any trickery In the County
Clerk's office," said Joseph Humphrey,
"and there is likely to be, the nomina
tions for county officers might be reject
ed, for I know Frank Jordan. We are
entitled to be on the ticket, for we gave
Judge Nye over 3 per cent of votes two
years ago."
"If we have any doubt," remarked
Chairman Hierlihy, "as to our right ot
being on the ticket, let us avoid mani
festing it at this time. We shall simply
demand our rights, if we have to stand
six feet high to fight for them. The poli
ticians are getting afraid of us. If we
haven't done more than compel them to
come before the people with more de
cency than formerly, we have accom
plished something at least."
MANY CANDIDATES
COMING FORWARD
ALAMEDA COUNTY ASPIRANTS.
Individual Contests Must Be Fought
at Party Meeting — No Conven
tion Programme.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 9.
With the primaries little more than a
■week away, attention Is now being turned
toward the county legislative ticket.
There are, of course, many candidates,
but few seem to have the inside track and
In some instances those in charge of the
delegations declare that the nominations
for Senator and Assemblymen will have
to be fought out in convention, as they
will not be programmed beforehand.
Assemblyman Leavitt appears to be
making great headway in the Twenty
sixth Senatorial District. His opponent,
Charles E. Snook, Is also endeavoring to
secure the delegation from the Fourth
Ward as a basis for the nomination.
In the Twenty-eighth Senatorial Dis
trict City Attorney Taylor of Alameda is
running against Senaior Beard.
For the honor of representing the Forty
sixth Assembly District. J. E. Crooks, a
banker of Haywards, and foreman of the
present grand Jury, Is an aspirant.
"Billy" Mac Donald of Llvermore, for a
long time a deputy county clerk, seeks
the nomination, and it is reported that
ex-Assemblyman Fassett would not re
fuse the distinction.
The Forty-seventh Assembly District
has brought forward J. R. Knowland of
Alameda, W. W. Judson of Alameda and
F. M. Storer.
A little army or candidates have ap
peared to represent the Forty-eighth As
sembly District, but not all of them are
being taken seriously. George Hoguet,
president of the Army and Navy Repub
lican League, is making an effort to go
to Sacramento; M. D. Hyde, an old-time
druggist, would not refuse the nomina
tion, and George B. M. Gray, a real es
tate man. Is also after the plum.
If Assemblyman Oscar Breiling suc
ceeds in his efforts to be his own succes
sor from the Forty-ninth Assembly Dis
trict he will have to win many little bat
tles. Al McKeen is in the field. J. F.
Teague, the well known detective and
former office holder, has his cards out.
Will Hines, son of the veteran police of
ficer, is anxious to sit in the next Legis
lature, and so is "Billy" Schmidt of West
Berkeley. Jim O'Rourke of Golden Gate
is also a candidate.
Carl Greene withdrew to-day from the
race for the nomination In the Fifttieth
Assembly District, but there are still
enough from which to make a choice. J.
A. Bliss, a dairyman; Billy Kent, the well
known saloon politician: J. L. Crittenden,
an attorney; H. M. Van Arman, and
Everett Ames are all striving for tne Re
publican nomination In this district.
From the Fifty-first Assembly District
there are not many candidates. Assem
blyman Howard E. Wright of Berkeley
has been for some time making a quiet
and persistent camnaign to succeed him
self. He has for his opponent Council
man Will Pringle and ex- Assemblyman
Dodge, both of the Seventh Ward.
FORESTIC HELPERS.
A Belief Association That in a Quiet
Way Is Alleviating the Sick
Soldiers at the Presidio.
The Foresters' Relief Association met
last evening: In the Alcazar building, Vice-
President Mrs. Carah In the chair.
It was shown by the report of the com
mittee on tent at the Presidio t..at the
ladies from the several circles of the
Companions of the Forest, who daily at
tend to the tent, a number from several
of the local circles who volunteer to at
tend to the wants of the sick and the con
valescent, have been doing a great deal
of work in preparing soups and delicacies,
which they distributed to those who in
the various tents needed auch. The asso
ciation, comparatively a small one, has.
through its members, furnished a great
many home-prepared delicacies to the vol
unteers, and this has all been done at the
expense of the membership of me two
orders, which contributes a small sum
monthly to carry on the good work. Not
only have those who attend at the tent
given aid and comfort to the sick soldiers
who are Foresters, but they have assisted
all volunteers who have needed their aid.
And in addition they have furnished
wholesome food to men who are not on
the sick list, but who have called at the
tent, which is located near, the terminus
of tho Presidio line of cars, and declared
that they were hungry.
A committee was appointed to visit the
soldiers who are located at the camp at
Fort Point, where to-day there will be
eleven companies, eight of the Sixth In
fantry and three of the Eighth, to ascer
tain if there are any Foresters in the sev
eral companies and if they are in need
of assistance. This committee will report
at the next meeting, and if there is any
need steps will be taken to provide for
them as well as for those who are located
nearer the tent. The committee is com
posed of Messrs. Label, Trautner, Figel,
L-alman and Atwood.
Next Friday night the association will
give an entertainment in the Social Hall
of the Alcazar for the purpose of securing
additional funds to enable it to expand
and continue the work of relief in which
It is engaged, and the several courts and
circles have been asked to take tickets.
A number of them have responded to the
appeal. It was stated that a gentleman
who visited the tent yesterday, not a
member of the order, but one who wished
to ascertain for himself what the asso
ciation" was doing, was so well pleased
with the result of his inquiry that he sug
gested that some public entertainment
should be given to help the association
along. When told that such was to be
given he at onre purchased »6 worth of
tickets. He declined to give his name,
saying that it was enough that he should
be known as one who sympathized with
a movement that was carried on to help
the boys in blue.
PIONEERS HAVE A
JOLLY CELEBRATION
AN EXCURSION AROUND THE
BAY WAS A FEATURE.
Professor Irank Soule Delivers a
Stirring Address on the Great
Day and Its Signifi
cance.
Following a custom inaugurated many
years ago, the Society o£ California
Pioneers held its annual outing at El
Campo yesterday, commemorating the ad
mission of this State into the Union forty
eight years ago.
A more auspicious day for a celebration
could not have been chosen. The weather
conditions were favorable, and the work
of the committee In charge so well • per
formed that the day's pleasure passed oft
without an incident to mar it.
At 10:10 o'clock yesterday morning the
big excursion steamer Ukiah, laden with
over 2000 guests and members of the fa
mous society, moved away from the Tibu
ron ferry. As the boat steamed down
bay her defeating siren was busily en
gaged answering the salutes of the nu
merous craft, while the members and
guests answered the cheers and good
.wishes with waving handkerchiefs .and
flags. As the Ukiah passed the gunboat
Bennington the crew lined her sides and
cheered the excursionists. A visit was
made to the Union Iron Works, ■ and a
fleeting examination was made of the
large warships now in course of construc
tion there. Up the bay the Ukiah
steamed, receiving further recognition,
until near Fort Point, the boat's prow
was pointed toward Sausalito. Belvedere
was passed, and the residents of that
pretty spot saluted the large party.
El Campo was reached a little after 12
o'clock, and the pleasure-seekers proceed
ed to satisfy their sharpened - appetites
with the bounteous lunches brought
along. ■ Immediately after luncheon
Blum's orchestra struck up a dreamy
waltz, and the. hall was soon filled with
dancers. After a few numbers had been
danced the blast of a bugle announced
the opening of the literary exercises.
The Pioneers were called to order by
President Aylett R. Cotton, and the Rev.
S. -H. Willey, the chaplain, opened the
meeting with appropriate remarks.
President Cotton then delivered a wel
coming address. After thanking the guests
for their : presence he reviewed the acts
of the Pioneers since early days. - His re
marks were listened to with deep interest.
The speaker then introduced Professor
Frank Soule of Berkeley as orator of the
day. '
Mr. Soule's appearance on the platform
was a signal for a warm greeting. In a
clear voice that could be heard the length
of the hall he dwelt on the many changes
that have taken place since the days of
'40. Professor Soule told of the splendid
achievements accomplished by the Pio
neers and of their great services to this
State. The speaker's remarks were
punctuated with bursts of applause, and
his allusion to the late war and its
glorious victories aroused enthusiasm. In
concluding the orator, pointed out the fine
prospects of commercial expansion
through the acquisition of the Philippine
Islands and Cuba. He thought the mer
cantile interests on this coast would be
greatly benefited by the war. The ad
dress was a scholarly and thoughtful one,
and was favorably commented upon by
many present.
Floor Manager Robert Vandercook sig
naled the orchestra to continue its lively
dance music, and the hall was again the
scene of moving couples. Those who did
not dance enjoyed boating, bowling and
strolling about the picnic grounds. The
little ones were given free rides on the
merry-go-rounds.
At 4:45 the merrymakers reluctantly
boarded the Ukiah, homeward bound. ■ In
passing Alcatraz the soldiers stationed
there fired a volley of cheers at the re
turning celebrators. .
The success of the outing was largely
due to the efforts of the following gentle
men, who composed the committee of ar
rangements: E. R.Kruse, chairman; E.
M. Root. J. F. Plnkham, Allen Knight,
Peer Tiffany, H. B. Russ and Almarin B.
Paul. " ( P'i'-.V-
KILLED IN A QUARRY.
James Hand Crushed by a Mass of
Falling Rock.
James Hand, a workingman, was killed
and Nelson Washburn, superintendent,
had both legs broken at Warren & Mal
ley's quarry Thursday afternoon. The
two men were at work at the bottom of
a fifty-foot hole when a mass of rock at
the top suddenly became loosened and
fell with terrific force. Washburn saw
it coming and with a cry of warning
Jumped to one side just in time to avoid
being crushed. His companion was un
able to get out of the way in time and
the rock struck him with full force, kill
ing him instantly. In the absence of the
Coroner the body was taken charge of by
Justice Cunningham of South San Fran
cisco.
THE SCAFFOLDING BROKE.
Chis Buhler, a Painter, Meets With a
Serious Accident.
Gub Buhler, a painter, met with a
serious accident yesterday afternoon.
He was engaged in painting a house on
Post street, near Fillmore, when the
scaffolding broke, precipitating him to
the ground, a distance of about forty
feet. He was picked up in a semi
conscious condition and removed to to the
Receiving Hospital.
Police Surgeon Weil, who examined
him, found that he had sustained a com
pound fracture of the left side and was
also Internally injured. Last evening he
was removed to his home at 19 Sixth
street.
A California girl writes about her
visit to the Pope in next Sunday's
Call.
Olympic Wheelmen ;s Road Race.
The officials of the Olympic Club
Wheelmen have arranged a five-mile han
dicap road race to take place over the
Sari Leandro course to-morrow. The
crack riders of the club, Russ. Fuller,
Wing and Bozio, are on the scratch mark,
with Kragness allowed thirty seconds
start and the others placed acording to
their ability. The complete entry fol
lows:
E. F. Rues. O. P. Fuller, J. E. Wing and
A E. Bozlo. scratch; E. O. Kragness, H. D.
Bean and George Kroetz, :30; L. H. Smith,
Frank Carroll. C. C. Williams, T. J. Ford and
L.. Hammersmith, 1:15; Bert Edwards, Georare
James J F. Dodpre and B. B. Baldwin, 1:45;
Eddie Adams, 2:00.
The officials: Referee Charles Albert
Adams; Judge. J. W. Mullen: starter, W. L.
Loos- timeir. John Elliott. H. D. Hadenfeldt,
F. O. Montealegre; scorers. Innmas O. SJBl
lane O Fouze and J. A. Hammersmith; mar
shal, W. Mackie.
The young man can't hide his egot
ism any more than he can hide his
mustache.
SICK TO HAVE A
BEAUTIFUL HOME
Mt. Zion Hospital Friends
to Erect a Building.
PRESENT ABODE INADEQUATE
INCREASE IN PATIENTS BRINGS
ABOUT A CHANGE.
A Handsome Two-Story Modern
Structure to Grace Sutter
Street in the Near
Future.
Within the next half year the Mount
Zlon Hospital will move into a modren
two-story building which Is to be built
on a lot owned by the well-known asso
ciation at 2313 Butter street.
The erection of such a building has been
made necessary by the increasing number
of patients that have be^n pouring into
the present hospital at 937 Sutter street.
Since November 1 of last year to Septem
ber 1 of the present year IIS patients have
been cared for. Of this number ninety
nine were Jews and the remainder Gen
tiles. Although forty-eight surgical oper
ations were performed, but one death en
sued.
Owing to the Insufficiency of beds a
great many patients have been refused ad
mission, and this decided the dirctors to
erect a larger building.
At the initial meeting of the building
committee, which is composed of E. Raas
(chairman), J. A. Goldman, W. Castle,
President Joseph Brandenstein, Dr. Ju
lius Rosenntirn and Dr. C. G. Levlson,
ex-officio members, it was agreed that
the building should be a two-story one,
containing fifty btds, an operating room
and other necessary conveniences. Plans
were submitted by a number of archi
tects, but none have been chosen as yet.
The lot on which the structure is to
stand is 57:6 by 137:6. The building will
have wide verandas and be modern in
every particular. It will Inclosed by a
garden and Is to cost 540,000.
Another meeting will be held in Dr.
Rosenstim's office this evening, and it is
thought plans will be definitely agreed
upon. Building will begin immediately
and it is expected that the new hospital
will be ready for occupancy in six
months.
EIGHTH CALIFORNIA.
Sixty Thousand Dollars Paid to
the Soldiers Who Vacate
Camp Barrett To- Day.
CAMP BARRETT, Sather Tract, Sept.
9— By Saturday morning the Eighth He^i
mtnt will have practically evacuated.
The work of striking tents was begun this
afternoon by Major Whltton's Second
Battalion and Major Forbes' Third Bat
talion. At a late hour most of the camp
stoves and outfits were aboard freight
cars. To-night these battalions sleep in
shelter tents. Excitement ran high ' last
night when Paymaster Major F. C. Lord
put in an appearance. The pay wagon
was Immediately surrounded by soldiers
and a riot was narrowly averted. Soldiers
ran up and down the camp streets yelling
and making a great disturbance. The
regimental band has usally played "Lis
ten to the Mocking Bird " the first thing
in the morning, but this morning the band
jobbed the leader and rang out with
"There'll Be a Hot Time in the Old Town
To-night," yells of approbation accompany
ing this familiar tune. At 7 o'clock the
paying out of the $60,000 to the soldiers
began, and lasted until nearly 4 o'clock
this afternoon. There were at least $50
worth of copper pennies In the big pile.
Nearly every soldier got more or less of
these, and the "small boy" who was per
mitted near the line held out hats and
caught these — one lad, Bodo Rex, mascot
of Company E of Santa Rosa, cleaning
up 1850 pennies.
Company F of Oakland this afternoon
attended the funeral of their comrade.
Victor Petersen, in a body, accompanied
by the leeimental band. The pallbearers
were Henry Gerrish, L. Moreno. Joseph
Clarke, D. Clarke, James Taylor and
George Crane.
Four comimnies will remain in camp-
Lieutenant Colonel Carrington's First
Battalion, composed of Company I, Cap
tain Riley, from Grass Valley; G, of
Alameda, Captain Simpson; D, of San
Rafael, Captain Elliott; H, of Redding,
Captain Lyon. These four companies are
assigned to Vancouver, but will not leave
before next Tuesday or Wednesday, ex
cept that the camp will be removed over
to the parade ground.
"Of course, many would have preferred
going to Manila or Hawaii," said Colonel
Henshaw, "but we have to take what
they give us. If we had been ordered to
climb Mt. Shasta we would have pro
ceeded without a murmur. The health of
my men has been exceptionally good. It
has been a model camp, and we are grate
ful to the Red Cross Society and Catholit,
Truth Society for the many kindnesses
shown our regiment."
Captain Barnes of C Company goes to
Fort Point, and expressed himself as well
satisfied with his camp life. "We have
no particular choice in the matter," said
the rotund captain, "and wo have no
complaints to make. Camp life has
agreed with me. I've lost forty-two
pounds out of— well, a good deal. I think
I may say on behalf of the entire regi
ment that we wish to offer special thanks
of gratitude to the County Infirmary.
Every serious case of sickness has gone
there. Dr. Clark has given his service
freely; medicines and luxuries were fur
nished gratis. They absolutely refused to
receive payment."
Major Dudley, the regimental surgeon,
left to-day for Benicia to take charge of
the medical stores. He has frequently
expressed the opinion that Camp Barrett
has had the healthiest location of any in
the United States. There has been le^s
sickness, and during the two months of
its existence there have been but two
deaths— George Perry from typhoid and
Victor Petersen from pneumonia.
INDIGNANT COLORED FOLK
A Mass Meeting to Take Action
Regarding the Tennessee
Soldiers.
A mass meeting of colored people has
been called for next Monday evening in
the Baptist church, Powell street, near
Bush, to take some action, as the call
states It, "relative to the outrages com
mitted oh the Thomas family on the 15th
of August, and other indignities and
slanders heaped upon the colored citizens
of this city by the Tennessee soldiers."
. ♦ .
SOCIALIST ARRESTED.
Oakland Authorities ' Endeavor ,to
Suppress Street Agitations.
OAKLAND. Sept. 9.— H. C. Tuck, a blind
man, was the member of the Socialist La
bor party selected to-night : to be arrested
for speaking on i the streets. He was pro
vided with $100 cash for his bail, but at the
prison this was declined; as Judge : Allen
had : stated that a bond was to be given
if : any ; more arrests were . made. As the
maximum penalty for the misdemeanor is
only $100 and this amount was, refused by
the jailer, there was a demonstration , at
the prison by > the Socialists. ;. l;
A delegation hunted up Judge Wood, and
he decided that $50 cash ball or $100 bond
was sufficient.".. The cash was at once paid i
and Tuck ) released, after being about one
hour in jail. When he emerged from . the
! prison : the Socialists : met = him and : gave
three : cheers. ■.? The proceedings . were very j
orderly, but : the Socialists consider it an
arbitrary order that cash ball equal to the
maximum fine for a | conviction i should be
refused. Tuck is ; the man '■ -who was dis
charged from the Home; for; Adult Blind
some years ago : for alleged ? insubordina
tion. ■,"■' ■ " '■ 1,-'-.' " ■• ■ =.'-*•■
:.-'-■ :J -,.;: ■".- — - — _' «♦ » _ , .■:.•■•,.'-'".
Bead about Uncle Sam's new atlas
and the stories it tells 'in next Sun
day's Call. j
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
H E Barber. Stktn C Olmsted, N T
L B Keiper. Pa R Morris, U S N
T McCourt, Nev Miss O'Connell, Or
H J McCourt, Nev Mrs J Kurtz. L Ang
R Hogan, Nev Miss X Kurtz, L Ang
W H Bacon, w <t c, O G Woodward, N "i
Colo Mrs Wells & s, Cal
W M Hunt, Sacto M L Dawson, Cal
vdva 'uajjouH 0 OMrs H Brookings, Cal
E A Thurber Jr, Cal |G W Eisey, Modesto
T Wilkinson, Cal J P Myers. Klngman
C H Ellison, Oakland C W Eastin, Modesto
G C McMutlen, Sacto J H Laughlln. Yuma
M Angelo, Pa J G Embree, St Louis
G G Halllday. Vallejo T R Bnyd. S Rafael
R M Forbes, Dundee !F D Kuettner &v. Or
C W Baker, N V W F Pardee & w, N i
W A Moore & w, Big S S B Slusser, Cal
Jaquiix w W Jones, Stanford
Mrs IMC Smith, Cal H B Wright, Stanford
B F Durphy, Cal S James. Boston
H N Savage, Cal A W Maltby. Chicago
G W Gibson, Williams J Pascholy & w, Ariz
E W Gllmore & w. Cal F Holbrook. Helena
J H Dockweiler, Cal iEJI Mason. L Ang
N Freeman, Boston Iw R Linscott, S Cruz
A Reid, Wis (Mrs W C Lloyd. 11l
R W Rossiter, P Alto Mrs P Langlois, Can
R W Raymond, P Alto Miss S N Luhtrige. Can
W Sexton, Orovlllc Mrs S S Strong, Battle
Mrs W E Gerber, Sacto Creek
E H Oerber, Sacto M S Grimmett & w. B C
Mrs J F Holbrook, Cal J A Donlon & w, Cal
J H Russell, L Ang J W Pike &w, Seattle
C A Cook & w, Boston B F Daggett, Stanford
S H Wilson, Oroville E S Sloan &w, Delano
E J Mann, Minn
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs E Richie, Napa ;D II King, Portland
Miss Forrester. Cal ;Mrs King, Portland
F B Strankamp, N V C F Bliss, Nevada
R T Herrick, Topeka B O Holt, Tacoma
C Olmßtead, NY J R Thompson, USA
W H Bacon. Colo D Stone, Chicago
Mrs Bacon, Colo W Lawrence, England
Dr Taylor, Llvermore >T San born, Hawaii
A B Cameron, NY |P Elder, London
D Carmichael, Ohio J V Forrest, India
D A Macbeth, Balto F de Haare. Germany
S F Emmons, Wash !h Buck, Hongkong
A Stickler, N V |Mrs A Call. Ohio
Mrs A Stickler, NYC Hemlein, Japan
Mrs Eckstein. NY C S Burr, N V
T E Brady, Montana Mrs Snyder, S Rafael
Mrs Brady, Montana IT D Goode, Boston
«u.muO 'p?u,O6TM sjjviMiss Beare. Omaha
Mrs Beare, Omaha IE T Walace, Yreka
BALDWIN HOTEL.
P J Clyne. Cal S Wolenberg, Fresno
E V Leitz NY W D Davis. Pinole
C C Chapman. Stnfrd J M Hheehan. Mont
E A Pope, Sacto t<" Johnston. Ariz
L E Smith. Sacto G H O'Haron, Nev
J G Davis, Oakland E H Qulmby, Kans C
J D Smith & w, Sacto G D Wise, Cal
M Markhelm, Stocktn G M Westcott, Concrd
J G Gamage, Omaha IH A Ki.lder. Sacto
N S Betting BakersfldlA C Bettrns. Byron
G L Harris Jr, Chgo Bessie Bonehill-Seeley,
W M Mason, 111 New York
C P Squire, Ohio S S Federmant & w,
J Attman, Chgo Los Angeles
W F Parker, L Ang Miss Federmant, LAn
J W Harvey, Cal Q B Fox. San Jose
W H Taylor&w.Lvmr Miss A B Fox. S Jose
Mrs R F Hahn. Cal G R Baker. Stockton
Mrs G Fuller. Cal M J Musto. Stockton
J G Dunean. Vlsalia
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Rev R J Straw, lowa 4. F Afderhude, Mo
E Hurst, San Jose r J Walker, Los Ang
0 Bethson. Jackson M Pur'len. Dowr.ievllle
0 Blrkenbaeh. Fresno 3 W Newton, Sit Lake
Z Carey, Santa Clara rl B Hawl*y. N V
2 Miller, Stockton Vlrs E A Pickerell, Cal
E Gerisch, Stockton virs C Howard, Seattle
f C Holdsworth, Texas F E Rose, Danville
P F Matson. El Paso f Fraser. Danville
J D Farnsworth, Cal 1 E King &w, Cal
D M Peters, Sutsun D Cowen & f. Fresno
H Molloy & f, Stockton L. O Howard & w, 111
3 Pearsall & w. Omaha 3 Burrows. Ohio
2 J Larsen, Fresno W C King, Ohio
1 E McCarthy, Mont Misp D M Smith, Cal
CAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nl^ht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Parkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
N\V. comer of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2, <^SSK^.
I. O. O. F., THIS KVKMNO.^3*:
First degree will be conferred.
,A. K. KINGSFORP. P.M.
SEPTEMBER 10,' : called "meeting of union
plasterers, at 927 Mission St.; 7:30.
ANNUAL meeting — El Dorado Water and Deep
Gravel Mining Company— Notice- is hereby •
given that the annual meeting of the stock- '
holders of the El Dorado Water and Deep
Gravel Mining Company will be held at the
office of the company at Placerville on MON-
DAY, the twenty-sixth (26th) day of Septem-
ber, 1898. at 7 o'clock p. m., for the purpose
Of electing a board of i directors to serve for
the ensuing year and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. A. D. HENDERSON, Secretary.
, Placerville, September, 7, 1898.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
: Dairymen's Union of California will be held
at the office of the corporation, 119 Davis st.,
on MONDAY, September 12, 1898, at 1 o'clock
p. m., for the purpose of electing directors
for the ensuing year and the transaction ' of
such other business as may come before the
meeting. S. H. CHEDA, Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS : papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d st.
BAD ' tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
elty or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
. CO., 415 Montgomery St.. room 6; tel. a.'SO.
' SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
LADY with a child must have ; employment at
once; housekeeper, chamber work or would
try anything. Address MRS. A. D., 1433 Mis-
sion st. : ..•
WANTED, by English lady and son, positions
as manageress or working housekeeper in
country club or hotel; son capable of assisting
in bar. Address box 1000, Call office, Oakland.
RELIABLE elderly Protestant woman wishes
a position to do general housework in small
family; good plain cook; wages $15 to $20.
152 Erie St., bet. 13th and 14th, near Folsom.
RELIABLE young woman wishes position in
country as housekeeper, nursery governess or
any light work; willing, cheerful disposition;
best references. Address box 919. Call.
FIRST-CLASS corner grocery and bar In Mis-
sion; 4 living rooms. Apply McLEOD &
HATJE. .515 Market st.
AS housekeeper by elderly American widow;
good cook and laundress; likes children; a
home the chief object. 230 Minna st.
MRS. L. HAMLIN has returned to the city
and would like to go out dressmaking by the
day. Call or address 122 Taylor st.
YOUNG German girl wants light housework
and care for children; no cooking; wages $8
to $10. 226 Third st.
COMPETENT and refined lady wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper In hotel or lodging-
house or any position of trust: references if
required. Address W., box 902, Call office.
YOUNG Swedish woman wishes work by the
day, washing or housecleanlng. Call at 2912
Twenty-first St., in the rear.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants situation as
chambermaid and assist as lady's maid; city
or country; best references. Address box 913,
Call office.
YOUNG lady holding teacher's certificate wants
position as governess or companion to lady;
best references. Box 905, Call office.
NEAT German girl would like situation to do
eecond ■ work ; good waitress and sewer. Box
907, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young German lady;
private family or ranch; good references. Ad-
dress 61f Sacramento st.
WANTED— A situation by an elderly house-
keeper in city or on a ranch. 1553 Fifth st.,
Oakland.
COLORED woman wishing work by the day or
by the month: would like to sleep at home.
Call at 919 Sacramento st.
DRESSMAKER wants to take sewing in at
home. 722 Chestnut st.
SWEDISH girl wishes any kind of work by
the day. Address 1331 Fulton st.
YOUNG Swedish woman wants position as
cook or to do general housework; nrst-class
references. Address 1716 11th St., Oakland.
WANTED— Washing or housecleaning or any
kind of . work by the day. > , 127 Turk st. ;
WOMAN wants plain washing; 5c a piece. 122
Grove st. :>: > . ; ... • ■; •.-■■■■.
MONEY ion diamonds, sealskins, watches and
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. .
WANTED— First-class place as housekeeper-
best of reference. - Address M. HITCHCOCK
Elmhurst. Cal. :
ELEVENTH, ": 106— Branch i office of The Call
Subscriptions and ads taken. - : .. - * .
! : SITUATIONS WANTED-i-3tALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) halo-
: ; tel. Main 1997.' BRADLE T ; & CO.. 040 Cl*/,t
CHINESE and .'Japanese Employment Offlea-
j best; help. r 414H O'Farrell »t. ; ; t*l. East 431 '
JAPANESE-CHINESE Bmp. Agency; all kinds
v help. ; GEO. ■ AOKI. 30 , Geary; tel. Grant 56
FIRST-CLASS, ' all round ; blacksmith mines ; a"
' : g^Calf:ofg" a suuation - Address:^
i MAN and .wife wish situations on a ranch. 254
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued. J
PLUMBER, first class, will work for property-^}
owner or estate by the day or month; best of J/
references as to integrity and workman-
ship; ha« all necessary shop tools. Address
Plumber, box 924, Call office.
SOBER middle-aged man wants position in
small hotel or restaurant as dishwaahet^
kitchen hand or to nake beds; last place nv#
years. Address A. S., box 918, Call office.
EXPERIENCED, reliable man from north of
Europe would like to travel with rich fam-
ily; active and sober; very best references.
Box 590, Call office.
COACHMAN; competent, steady, careful driv-
er, good horseman and overseer; not afraid
of work; many years with same employer;
beet references. Box 1770, Call office.
RELIABLE man wants grub stake to care for
improved or unimproved place in country'
handy at improvements. Box 920. Call office
YOUNG man with 3 years' experience as
plumber's helper, wishes situation. Addres*
427 Athens st.
FIRST-CLASS bread foreman wishes employ-
ment: best of reference. Apply 340 Golden
Gate aye.
BRIGHT Japanese wants position as house-
worker and waiter. 849 Bush st.
COMPETENT pastry cook, married, wishes sit-
uation. Box 922, Call office.
GOOD boy, age 18, wishes any kind of work.
Address W. H., 427 Athens st.
GERMAN gardener, thoroughly understands
the propagating of plants, also greenhouap,
landscape work, fruit and vegetable growing,
wants situation; references. Address MUL-
LER 279 Stevenson st.
ENGINEER and machinist wants work In
city or country; is young: and handy with,
any kind of work, as putting up and repair-
ing and pipefltting; also wooawork. Box
901, Call office.
AN experienced hardware and stove man
wishes position as salesman in city or coun-
try store; very best city and Eastern refe-
rences furnished. Address 916 Park street.
Alameda, Cal.
YOUNG man of long experience in grocery
business would like situation in either whole-
sale or retail trade or any kind of work;
first-class references. Address box 903, Call.
MAN and wife wish situations to do laundry
work and cooking; man will do gardening
and be generally useful ; good references.
Box 906. Call office.
PRACTICAL farmer asks situation, can milk,
attend horses, excellent gardener, care for
flace. Scotchman, honest, sober man. Box
14. Call office.
YOUNG man wants to do chores about house;
can milk, tend horee, good driver. Box 1800.
Call office.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS' 15 Grant aye.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $150 night; $1 r,O to id
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
*nd baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
ETHEL ANDREWS, typewriter, call or send
address to C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
6 WAITRESSES, country, $20; 2 waitresses,
city, $20; waitress and chambermaid to wait,
came place, $18; chambermaid, country hor
tel, $20; mother and young daughter, small
boarding-house, $26; hotel cook. $30: 2 fancy
ironers, $10 week. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary St.
FRENCH family cook. $25; middle-aged woman
cook for 3 men, Nevada, $20, fare paid; house-
girl, San Rafael, $20; German cook in bakery,
$20, and 30 housegirte, city and country, $15 to
$30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WOMAN with a child, $10. MISS CULrLEN,
325 Sutter st.
COOK, first-class Jewish family. $35; second
girl, city, $25; 12 housework girls, city and :
country, $20 and $25; 6 young girls, assist, $10 A
to $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. 4|
COOK, $30; second girl. $25; same house; "2 In
family. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NURSE, $25; 1 baby. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter at.
REFINED, middle-aged woman, Dunsmulr, $12t
fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— Neat, Intelligent American woman
for an institution, sewing and assisting with
care of children, $25; also girls for all kinds of
family work too numerous to advertise; go-
Ing wages. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
2 CHAMBERMAIDS, $13; 2 cooks, $25; 8 girls
for housework, wages $15 to $25. MRS. HIRD,
631 Larkin st.
WANTED— Young lady for officework; with
knowledge of music preferred. Room 35, 14
McAllister st.
GIRL to work In hair window. Apply between
8 and 9 o'clock. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton.
WANTED— A girl about 14 to assist In house-
work. 745 O'Farrell st.
SMALL girl to assist In light housework; »
wages $10. 1610 Fulton st. *
GIRL wanted to assist in light housework;
wages |6 to $10. 504 Jessie st.
WANTED— Prize cake walkers (colored); must
be competent and swell dreesers. Apply Al-
harobra Theater, between 10 and 11 a. m.
EXPERIENCED finisher on ladles' Jackets.
METER BROTHERS. 7 and 9 Battery st.
OPERATORS wanted on overalls. S3 Battery
St., upstairs.
GIRL to assist general housework; wages $12.
46 Liberty st.
TWO young ladies to Introduce E^ry Auto-
graphic Sales Registers among down town
merchants. PERNAU BROS., 543 Clay st.
WANTED— Operators on flannel overshlrts: a
few inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36Vi Fremont st.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
LITTLE girl to take care of baby. Apply 2211
Pine st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns, 25c up. McDowell's. I^3 Post.
HELP WA.VTKII-MAM-;.
WANTED— 3 men to bale hay, good Job: Jack-
Borewer, for logging camp, near city, $30 and
board; scraper, $30; 2 'irmhands, near city,
$20, steady Job; ranch cook, 6 men, $20. near
city; bedmaker for lodging-house, in city, $25
per month; also milkers, cooks, waiters and
dishwashers; young German for housework
in private family In city, $15 and found and
increase. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
POLISHER, hotel laundry, $30 and found. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., I<H Geary st.
SHAMPOOER for baths, north, $40. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A GANG of laborers, a gang of teamsters,
coast road, free fare
Seven 2-horse scraper teamsters, $23 and
board free fare •'
17 laborers, $1 75 a day free fara
in California .
700 laborers and rockmen for Alaska and
British Columbia; call on us for particulars.
C. R. HANSEN, 104 Geary st.
4 FURNACE men for a mine, $2 a day; four f-
horse teamsters, city, coal wagon, $1 15 a day
and board; 3 laborers, near city, $1 25 a day
and board; 5 shovelers, $1 and board or $1 io
a day and no board; 10 laborers, city, $1 75,
board where you like; 2 scraper loaders, near
city, $1 a day and board; 5 farmers, $15 and
$20 a month; 5 coal miners, fare advanced,
see boss here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
SECOND timber faller, $50. C. R. HANSEN ■
& CO., 104 Oeary st.
FOR the employment agents' afternoon adver-
tisements read the San FranciBG-:> Evening
Daily Report. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st.
HARVEST hands wanted for a large ranch;
derrick forkers, $1 25 day and found; cleaner
tender, $1 day and found; roustabout, $1 day
and found; 10 ranch teamsters, $25 and found:
farm hands, milkers, choremen, etc and
pruners for orchard. MURRAY & READT.
634-636 Clay st.
QUARRTMAN, used to handling powder. $2
day, steady Job. in the city; harnessmaker
for a ranch, $30 and found; stablemen, city
livery stables. $35 and $25 and found: tall
edgerman. $30 to $35 and found
Laborers C | ty work, $150 day
Free Fare
For railroad teamsters, laborers, etc.: art
around butcher, country $30 and found. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634-63* Clay St.
WANTED— Cooks, different country hotels. $30.
$35 and $40: second cook, northern part *tate,
$40 and found; dishwashers, $25 anri $20 and
found; waiters, $25 and $30 and found. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— Man who understands working
ores, cyanide process, good wages: 2 fairly
good machinists for quartz mine, $2 50 a day:
4 quartz miners, $2 50 a day; 1 I & bo J e^, T ,Y£
quartz mine. $2 a day. ■ Apply to J. *. lko
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 2 teamsters, $1 a day and board. 40
laborers, city and country. $1 a day and
board and $1 75 a day; man and wife. Private
family. *40; farmers. $20; chore , man. ♦10,
nian about place. $15; laborers for quarry
$1.30 a day and board; 8^
board; and others. Apply to J. F. cROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st. '
WANTED-2 restaurant woks. WtM&W-* .
boarding-house cooks. *30 o . and w 40 *8 ♦£ In ; %
: rant and hotel waiters. $25. $30 and $32 »OsJ
month: dishwashers., city and country $U«
and Bfi- elevator boy and others. Apply to m
J F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
■a- a vttit>— Thef conk, $90: second cook, $75;
w£™ V* watte*' $30; waiter $20: dish-
5 washer $20- old man to wash dishes, $10;
: gardener and coachman, $25 butcher for res- •
: taurant. $35; pantryman. $2o; -. short order
cook SiO: extra waiter for Sunday; Kley-
ma7er please call, etp. ANDRE'S, 318 Stock-
. : ton Bt I :
■ * ■ ■ ■ . * --;•■■ :. .•-■..--'■ :,. :HELI' WANTED— Continued.
TO go to-day, 5 laborers for gravel mine, $80
' and board; 10 railroad laborers for mill com-
pany, steady work, $20 and board; 10 wood-
choppers, year's Job, tools, grub and fare
' advanced; 6 axmen to make laggings. R. T.
• WARD & CO., 606-41 Clay st. '"
SECOND butler, $20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter st. -
MAN and wife, country, $40 to $50. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— A good failing maker; one that can
do his own blacksmithing. Address Pacific
Railing and Plating Works. lIS Union St.. Se-
attle. Wash. _,
WANTED — Old man or young German to milk
and work around ranch. H. BURGE3S.
Twenty-sixth and Brvant streets.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 445
Broadway, corner Kearny st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday.. 16G1V*
Mission st.
BARBER wanted Saturday ana • sunuay. 623
Clay Et.
GOOD barber Saturday and Sunday. 137H Fifth
street. '_
WANTED— A bushelman; military work. Room
82, 916 Market st. _
WANTED— A practical tailor. 224 Ellis st.
WANTED Man to work on ranch in Yuba,
$15 month. 239 Post St., room 4.
WANTED— 2 men to distribute circulars. Ap-
ply early. 106 Pine st. ; upstairs.
WANTED— 3 first-class coat makers. LOUIS
DELIA. Seattle. Wajh. ■ ,
PORTER from 11 to 4; wages $2 week.
16 Post st. .
WANTED— Waiter at 1390 Turk st.; call early.
LUNCH waiter. 106 Second st.
WANTED— Second cook; elderly man. 1012 Bat-
• tery st.
YOUNG man to assist in boys' clothing de-
partment. Apply between S and 9 a. m., S.
N. WOOD & CO., 71S Market *t.
YOUNG man to assist In furnishing goods de-
partment. Apply between S and 9 a. m., S.
N. WOOD & CO., 71S Market st.
YOUNG man 16 to 20 years of age who has
had experience in stock keeping. Apply be-
tween 8 and 9 a. m., S. N. WOOD & CO.,
71S Market st.
8000 PAIR. ANOTHER LOT MEN'S SHOES,
been slightly damaged, at less than one-fourth
their value, from 25c up to $2 50. 562 Mls-
■ slon St.. between First and Second sts.
WANTED— Prize cake walkers (colored), must
be competent and swell dressers. Apply Al-
hambra Theater, bet. 10 and 11 a. m.
BARBERS— Special auction Monday, Septem-
ber 19, 2 p. m., at 1504 Park St., Alameda, of
a modern barber shop; Investigate before
eale this chance of buying paying shop.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; or
trade guaranteed for $15. 1542 Market st.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma- j
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied, !
unmarried men, between- the ages of 21 and
30 years, who are citizens of the United
States , or those who have legally declared
their intention to become such; must be of
good character and habits and able to speak, ]
read and write English, and bs between 5
feet 5 inches and 6 feet In height. For further
Information apply at the recruiting oflfce, 20
Ellis st,, San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED — and mechanics to know
• that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still .
■ runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 28c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1104.
BARBERS Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec., 825 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College. 135»4 Eighth st.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soling. 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
- J. J. HEINZ. 630 Market St., official employ-
ment secretary of Barbers' Protective Union.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis St., near Jackson.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy J
room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis St. j
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room 25c a night: $1 a week. -
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter st.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night: 750 and $1
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St., near
Market: 200 rooms, 25c night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. ,
AGENTS WANTED.
LADIES and gentlemen; new proposition; big
money. Room 16, Press Club building, 123
Ellis st. ■
AGENTS to handle a quick-selling novelty of
merit. Greater West Adv. & Novelty Co.,
11554 Washington St.. Oakland. Cal.
FURNITURE "WANTED.
CASH for fixtures, groceries, furniture, mer-
chandise; sold on commission: reasonable. E.
COHN, auctioneer. 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
H. BAT'M buys furniture and general mer-
chandise. 1057 Market st.: tel. Jessie 32.
\ PARTNERS WANTED.
EXPERIENCED restaurant man wants part-
ner; half interest. $100. 363 12th St.. Oakland.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
GENTLEMAN— Wanted. 2 rooms and flrst-clase
board In a fine North German family; price no
object. Box 911. Call.
ANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED — Church or chapel organ. Box 939,
Call.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus. second-hand. 109 Montgomery at.
~~ LOST.
LOST— On Wednesday afternoon, a diamond
weighing about 1% karats, while going from
Clay and Sansome to Masonic Temple on
Post Bt. Finder will be liberally rewarded
by returning same to 414 Clay st. ■
FOX terrier dog;- brown spots on either Bide
of face and license tag No. 1552: liberal re-
ward offered. H. SCHMIDT, DO California
Market. _.
LOST— Foxhound. September name. Sweeper;
long crooked tail. Return to J. FORD, Tenth
st. and Railroad aye. south; reward.
LADY'S gold watch, open case, gold face; on
ferry, McAllister St. car or Park Friday.
Address MISS A. L. HOLMES, 2517 Ben-
venue aye., Berkeley; reward.
RED blanket; i name Wadham on each side.
Return to 123 Ellis St.; reward.
LOST— Wednesday. September 7, between Four-
teenth and Sanchez sts.. San Francisco, and
Bay station, ■ Alameda. via Castro ,st. cars to
ferry, thence by 10:05 broad gauge, a lady's
gold watch, valued as a gift, with monogram
*E. N." on one case and a diamond set in
• reverse case, attached to short fob to which
was fastened a bucket charm. Reward $5 for
return to room 8. eighth floor, Mills building.
ON Wednesday evening a round dark colored
purse containing $25 in cold and some odd
coins and medals. Return to room" 99, St.
. Ann's building; reward. . . ■ ' ■ .. :
September 8, check for one hundred and
forty dollars ($140). Return 334 Pine st. and
receive reward. OEO. BERGES.
LOST— 3 to 6 Inch notebook written in Japa-
nese. 452 Haight st. reward. ■ ' ..'%-',•
irOßT— Male greyhound, sort of bluish color,
about IS months old, Tuesday^ September 6,
Finder will be liberally rewarded by • return-
Ing to J. DENNIS. SE. cor. Eddy and Fill-
more BtS.
«29 HAVES ST.— Branch of flee of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. •
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
S8 and 40 Eighth %U; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work I
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- I
beating Works. 3*3-17 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40. j
.J. McQUEEN'B Cal. Carpet-cleaning Co., 453
Stevenson st. ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relaid at 3c i
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944. .
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning CoT, 240 14th
Bt.: cleaning 3c yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
~~~ TYPEWRITERS.
■ ALL typewritten^ sold and rented; few partly
used for sale ' cheap; send . for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery. I
NEW Hammond, $35: Callsraph. $15: Yost, $25: I
ret xample work. SCOTT.' 233 Montgomery.
' STORAGE.- /
P^R^E^RUDOLpii Storage"a§d* Moving Co.",
-.office Tenth and Market: telephone South let.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age Warehouse. 840 Mission St.; tel. Mint 1821 I
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$75— BRANCH bakery in Mission; must sell;
widow has to go East. LESS & CO., 765
i Market st. •
$200— FURNITURE of 5-room cottage in Clare- !
mont, Oakland; chance to furnish and rent
cheap; rent $8; "-fine place; very large lot.
LESS & CO.. 765 Market st.
$750— CORNER grocery & delicacy store; West-
ern Addition; established 6 yrs.: low rent;
sickness cause of st*i£. LESS & CO., 765 Mkt.
CORNER grocery, liquor and feed busl-
ness; 5 living rooms; best part of Mission;
horse and wagon: owner there 6 years: one of
our beet bargains. LESS & CO., 766 Market.
SALOON on Third St., close to Call build-
ing; rent $25; clubrooms; stock worth $500;
circumstances compel owner to accept 25 per
cent if sold at once. WILKE, 753V4 Market st.
A— JSOO— CORNER ■ grocery and bar with four
fine living rooms; rent $20: choicest location;
• first-class paying; owner bought hotel in San \
Jose, and must sacrifice; a bargain. Call
WILKE. 788% Market st.
$10.000— GENERAL merchandise store in a pros-
perous country town: stock by inventory; re-
tiring. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st. !
$1000— PARTNER wanted in shipping business;
• must be a Scandinavian and have references.
Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st. -
$250 — OLD-ESTABLISHED cigar, stationery,
candy store: furnished rooms: good place for
. bright woman. JONES & SEARLL.SCS Market.
$1000— GROCERY and bar; Western Addition;
elegant location: doing good business; or will
take partner. JONES & SEARLL. 565 Market.
$2200 or less— Gent's furnishing, Oakland; at in-
volce; clears $150. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary.
A— $1800; corner grocery and bar; value insight;
$35 to $40 daily. Kredo & Co., 22% Geary st.
$1600— Cor. dn^ store; Invoice $3000; 125 dally;
. $800 cash. KREDO & CO.. 224 Geary st.
SMALL manufacturing business; good trade es- i
tablished; must be sold at once; owner leav-
ing the city; $225. THE REYNOLDS CO., 35
Third st. " ■...'-.;:
RESTAURANT with fine trade in good loca-
tion; ill health only reason; $325. THE REY-
NOLDS CO., 35 Third st. j -|
foOO— Candy and Ice cream parlor In good coun-
try town, near the city; this Is a fine, new
place and doing a paying business; other busi-
ness cause of selling. DECKER. 1020 Market.
DELICACY, dairy, produce store; fine lo-
cation; Western Addition; with 4 sunny living
rooms: excellent chance for man and wife.
STENBERG. 2C4 Kearny st.
BARBER wanted to buy good shojS in coun-
try; 2 chairs. 2 baths; $100; this is a bargain.
DECKEI.MAN BROS., 106 Ellis St.
BARBERS— Good shop in country: 2 chairs,' 2
baths: $100: this is a bargain. DECKELMAN
BROS., 106 Ellis st.
STOCK and fixtures; fancy goods, picture
frames, etc. ; present owner In business 3 yrs. ;
rent $10; water free; living rooms; price $200.
JOHNSTON & CO., 572 Broadway, Oakland.
BUSINESS man with a capital of $2000 desires
an interest In some manufacturing enterprise.
Address box 917, Call office. . j
PARTNER wanted In a first-class bakery to :
enlarge business. Box 925, Call office. • !
GOOD bakery: only store trade: cash business;
good location; fine chance for baker. 540 Clay.
2C-room hotel; 2-story, hard-finished and,
furnished: new windmill and tank: lot 75x150
goes with building. Call at 256 Third st. •
PAYING butcher shop; established for years;
best business street in town; sacrificed ac-
count ill health. Inquire Call office, Oakland.
$1050— COR. grocery & bar in Mission; owner
there 7 years. Address Grocery, 868 Folsom.
— ,
FOR SALE— plant, assets and good will of
the Francis-Valentine Company, printers; full
Inspection of plant and assets on premises;
plant in full operatioln; sealed bids to be sent
to A. HEYNEMANN, 310 Pine St.. on or be-
fore September 15, IS9S.
$2000— PARTNER wanted, lady or gentleman,
to invest an equal amount with present owner
in a town site; 45 minutes to Oakland, 1 hour
to San Francisco; sure to double the amount
Invested within 3 months; nothing to equal
it around the bay; thorough Investigation al-
lowed. Address at once Confidence, 1162
Washington St., Oakland-
NICE fruit store for sale, on account of
sickness; low rent. 130 Eighth st. ■
BAKERY and business at a sacrifice; in large
town near this city; fine trade; 2 wagons, 4
horses, fixtures of store, etc.; low rent; lease;
will sell for $550. Apply 410 Montgomery St..
room 2. . _^ ;__
LOOK— Second-hand baker's portable oven;
one-third cost. 3746 Army st.
SHOEMAKER shop for sale: good location; all
complete. 438 Turk St., corner Lark in.
$4000— A RARE opportunity of obtaining an es-
tablished, paying retail notion and stationery
business, which must be sold, as owners have
been appointed Western agents for Egry
Autographic Registers. Apply PERNAU
BROS., 543 Clay St., San Francisco.
WANT partner with email capital for legiti-
mate proposition; will net $2500 In two
months. Call, 2 to 6, at 1265 Franklin st.,
. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS oyster house for sale; first-class
location; on account of other business. Z..
■ box 9, Call Office. Oakland.
BUTCHER business: first-class fixtures and
cash trade: must be sold this week; owner
•going to Klondike. Apply 1309 Mason at.
— $.".00; SALOON opposite new ferry; bargain.
Address box 1746, Call office..
JOB Printers— About $1500 will put you Into
good business. X., box 8, Call office, Oakld.
BUTCHER shop: on account of ill health; good
■ trade. 331 Sixth st. v
MONEY en diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale — Call route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.' 3, 415 Sacramento st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly
. Call, In wrapper, for mailing.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A^irßEDcT&^CO?r 22V4 GEARY ST.
11 rooms; fine residence; Geary st. ; all
new; clears $60 monthly; must 5e11......$ 800
14 rooms: bay-window corner; central and
desirable; clears $100 month..... 850
22 rooms; newly papered; good furniture;
$300 cash; balance time 600
60 rooms; best on Geary St.; clears $150;
nothing better ever offered 2000
.Several large houses to exchange for realty.
26-ROOM house; easy payments $500
8-room fiat; very good 600
50 other houses; 4 to 300 rooms $100 to 6000
18-room house; clears $100 550
12-room house; clears $75 450
23-room corner; worth $2000 1100
30 rooms on Kearny St.; clears $250...... 2500
60-room house: new; clears $400..... 3000
, H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
A— 74 ROOMS; south of Market st ; fine. ..s4ooo
31 rooms; transient; Market et....... 950
15 rooms; select: transient; c0rner........ 300
36 rooms; elegant; furnished h0te1.....". .. 1800
F. C. HYDE & CO., 1206 Market St.
A— ROOMS; rent $50; near Baldwin Hotel.
F. C. HYDE & CO.. 1206 Market st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
152 FIRST ST.— Carpets, bedding, • stove, with
water connections and furniture.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
2, 5 AND 10-Btamp quartz mills cheap; easy
terms. Assay Office, 10 Stevenson st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, ■ store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St.. above Sixth. , , ■
SAFES— New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 538 Sacramento.
SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
glnea. boilers, dynamos, etc. 616 Mission at.
60.000 FEET 2d-hand lumber: rustic and floor-
Ing: 15th. near Mission; old buildings bought
. F. J. FRENCH. Royal House. 126 Ellis st.
PHONOGRAPHS, $20; records. $6 per dozen;
projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupi. 9SS-SS2 Market.
J. R. POOL, house ; mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original co«t. 109-111 Market. 3. F.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
.Call. : Sent to •■; any - address In the United
;- States, postpaid." for $150 a year. •■
"V-.'--" SEWING MACHINES. ~~~~~~
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer; and White
cheap repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission at.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
' repairing at lowest : rates. 206 Fourth at. .
..".. : . HOUSES FOR SALE. .
FOR — Two-story . house IS rooms; . good
condition ■ to •- be • removed from premises at
' once. Apply first flat. 1513 Larkin st. ;■'.■,. ';.>
' > BICYCLES. - ;..■■;-:- ;. .
I WILL sell ilB new 1897 high-grade • bicycles ■]
(sold in : 1897 for $100) at $29; biggest bargain i
of the year; first come, first served. JOSEPH
HOLi_3. ? Twentieth; and FoUom su.
■-.-•_-. ■■ ■ ■ ■ • ' :■.-■:'-":■'-
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
BAY-WINDOW house of 4 rooms; 212 Perry St..
near Fourth; rent $12 50; water free. Apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO. ..■/.*.
ELEGANT house,' 8 rooms: front and rear gar-
den. SIS McAllister St.; rent $35.
FOR RENT— House of ■10 rooms and bath. 1310
Larkin st. Apply 1318 Larkin st. ~. .j, -
LAUREL aye., nr. Turk & Buchanan— You can
economize by hiring house 6 rms; bath; $11.
PINE. 665 — »-room and bath, sunny side; cellar;
cheap. '
WE caiv rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HO WELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st. " j
3-STORY. 7 rooms and bath. 113 Olive
aye., near corner Polk and Ellis sts.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
. _ un rynns^J- ------ - -, - ~- - -. • ___-
TWENTY-THIRD, 31CG. near Howard— s-room-
; ,ed furnished flat, with piano, in exchange for
board.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE; 6 rooms and bath, large yard and
basement; half block from Geary-st. cars.
Apply 19 Johnston aye.
:
SUNNY cottages, 5 rooms, bath; basement,
yard; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth St.. near Dolores.
FURNISHED FLATS.
SUNNY upper flat. 7 rooms and bath; nicely
furnished; no children. Box 904. Call office.
FLATS TO LET.
BEAUTIFUL new sunny modern middle flatT"7
rooms. Corner Jackson and Larkin sts.
BROADWAY, 1122A— Upner flat 4 choice sunny
rooms, $12. . .
CLAYTON. 872, south of Frederick— Sunny
modern flat of 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
EDDY, 1244. near Laguna— Elegantly tinted flat,
5 rooms, bath; latest improvements.
FULTON. llS— Fine sunny middle . at: 7 rooms,
bath; water free; near City Hall; $28. ;
FOLSOM. 951, near Sixth— Flat with 7 rooms
and bath; suitable for private and rooming.
HYDE, 418— Four room flat sun all day; bath,
gas; rent $20; references: private.
MOSS, 304, between Sixth and Seventh, off i
Howard— Lower bay-window flat of 5 large j
rooms; yard; basement.
MONEY on diamond?, sealskins, watches and
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
NEW 6-room, bath; reduced to $20. . 2531 Post
St., or SPECK & CO. •
NOB HILL flat, opp. Stanford's, 7 rooms, bath,
$35. 720 Powell st.
SCOTT, 14094. near Geary— Flat of 6 sunny ;
rooms and bath.
SUNNY middle flat; 4 rooms; bath and yard.
12 Shotwell st.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a ,
flagpole. BALDWIN & HO WELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
ZOE. 654, off Bryant, between Third and
Fourth— Upper flat, 4 rooms.
$9— UPPER flat of 4 rooms; sunny Bide. 472
Linden aye., near Laguna st.
— TO let— Corner flat of 5 rooms and bath.
3338 Twenty-sixth St.. near Capp.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUCHANAN. 1015— pleasant rooms for house- i
keeping, $12."' j
BUSH. 614— Nicely furnished sunny bay-win-
dow room; also large unfurnished bay-window
room; grate; gas; bath.
ELLIS, 659, corner — Bay-window alcove; j
mantels; gas; bath; gents preferred.
FILLMORE, 2118—3 or 4 sunny housekeeping
rooms furn.; bath; yard; others; reasonable.
GEARY. 556— Elegant sunny suite; privilege
housekpg; others; hot, cold water; gas; bath.
GOLDEN place, — 3 sunny furnished rooms for
■f housekeeping; rent reasonable, i
HARRISON, 731—3 furnished rooms furnished
complete for housekeeping: large yard; $13.
HOWARD. — Pleasant housekeeping rooms, \
$6 and $8; also furnished basement; reason- i
able. s4s 4
HOWARD, 106S— Parlor suite for housekeeping,
$12; nicely furnished; others, $8; single. $4.
JESSIE, 373, near Emporium — 2 Bunny house-
keeping rooms; only $9.
LEAVENWORTH, 225— Large unfurnished bay-
window room; American family; adults; $10.
LEWIS. 18, off Taylor, near Post — Room and
. kitchen: furnished or unfurnished ; reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 9034— Furnished and unfurnish-
ed rooms; breakfast if desired; cheap. ■
MINNA. 1114- Furnlshed housekeeping room,
$1 25; single, 75c a week and up. ■
MINNA, 537. near Sixth— Large front house-
| keeping room;- 2 closets.
MINNA, — Furnished rooms for housekeep-
; ing. " - -
MISSION. . 953—1 or 2 rooms furnished for
housekeeping; cheap.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins and Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. IS
Grant aye.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Parlor, bedroom,
kitchen and gas stove; sun all day; $17.
O'FARRELL, • — Large sunny bedroom and
kitchen, furnished; also large sunny yard; $14.
PERRY. 174— Sunny bay-window room, with,
use of kitchen.
SHIPLEY, 232— Nice suite housekeeping rooms,
$8 per month; upstairs.
SIXTH, 227— Pleasant sunny housekeeping
rooms; reasonable.
SIXTH, 2164— sunny . front housekeep-
ing rooms; also single rooms; quiet home.
THE Piedmont, 119 A Sixth st.— or 3 rooms,
furnished for housekeeping; also other rooms.
THIRD, Furnished housekeeping and sin-
' gle rooms; newly papered.
THIRD, 309— Large furnished room light house-
keeping, $6; single front room, $5.
TURK, Sunny bedroom and kitchen; com-
plete for housekeeping; gas stove, gas and
: bath; $14.
TURK, — Parlor for office: housekeeping and
single rooms; newly furnished. :
TWELFTH, 146— Large sunny housekeeping
rooms, furnished complete, $12 mo. ; one for $8.
3 LARGE sunny rooms. 1 Wall St., off Jack-
son, between Leaven worth and Hyde: also 4
rooms and bath, 1342 Jackson . st. Apply at
1344 Jackson st.
539 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. . . . -
i OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
WINDSOR Hotel— Rooms without boards ac- j
commodations for cooking. 9th & Washington. I
, ROOMS 'iO LET.
A— STOCKTON, 242 — First-class sunny front
rooms; suite; single; facing plaza; day or mo.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single: first-clasa
in every respect; terms reasonable.
A— SELECT home; Hotel Florence, 102 Ellis,
cor. Powell: elevator; baths; best attention.
AT O'Farrell, 1023, near Van Ness aye.— Hand-
some alcove and other rooms. •
AT 62 Second— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; wk, $1 to $2 60; day. 26c to 50c.
AT 416 O'Farrell— Sunny rooms; suites; single;
by day, week or mo. ;■ baths, running water.
BOHEMIA, 23» Post— Sunny. furnished rooms; 2
blocks from Palace Hotel; every convenience;
elevator; tourists; 1 near principal clubs.
EDDY, Pleasant front room; also I others;
$6 up; sunny housekeeping suites cheap. ■■
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— 50 cents to"
$1 per night; $2 to $6 a week; families.
ELLIS, 611— Sunny front double rooms, suitable
for 2; gentlemen preferred.
FIFTH, 152— Nice sunny rooms, well furnished,
- from $1 a week upward. ■ . • : . v
FIFTH, 309 — Large sunny corner room; run-
i-i ning water; other rooms; also housekeeping.
GEARY, 405 (Th« Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GIRARD House, ■ 191 Seventh, near Howard-
Sunny rooms; . reasonable also j housekeeping.
GLOBE House. : 821 Howard— Per night. 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room: Howard cars.
! GOLDEN GATE aye, - 402— Newly furnished -
;.■ sunny front room; gas and bath; $8. , ;
GRAND SOUTHERN, : BE.* cor. " Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
* single; elevator: moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming-house ; $1 80 to $8 per week.
HILLSDALE, S3 Sixth St.— Sunny - suite for
:- : housekeeping; ; suite . for S '■■ gents; : reasonable.
HOTEL VANCOUVER, • 1001 Elegantly
. furnished suites and single rooms; moderate.
HYDE. — Nicely -. .->• furnished ' ,„ sunny ■;■■. front
: rooms; $5 month up; with all conveniences.:
JESSIE, 478, near i Sixth— Sunny ' front room
' ' and others. ';• '..■.-.'■••.".■, •''-."'•'■;. ■•''-■'•.■■ *:-■■'-.- ■;.-.
KEARNY, 326— Sunny, furnished room r for ! gen-
..-■ tleman or, gentleman :- and ". wife in private
■ family, : , rent ; cheap.;; Inquire jat ; shoe store. ; ;:
LEAVENWORTH,' 411— Handsome parlor] floor;
;. ; furnished or not; also hkp.; ■»; unfurnlshd.
MANSFIELD— 2I2' Elegant sunny - rooms,
- suite or single; baths connecting; : moderate
■■" ■ rates. -. : -■■ .-■■-■."■";■,,::,■.■■"..■■■■ ; : . :-. •. ;■-:
I
ROOMS _TO LET— -Continued. .
MASON, Sunny bay-window . rooms lor 2;
$2 up; day, week or month. >:: .
MINNA. 648— large sunny rooms, : with range
If ; required. $8.  ■■■ .-. ,
MISSION, 809, near Fourth— 2 parlors suitable
for doctor. Call up or down stairs. i
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches Jewelry
• and sealskins at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
O'FARRELL, — Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly ' furnished sunny suites and
■ single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 331— Large sunny rooms for gen-
tlemen or light housekeeping, $10. -
SHERMAN Apartment . House, 2S Eighth St.;
near Furnished and unfurnished.
SHOTWELL,: 217—2 or 3 sunny connecting J
rooms for housekeeping; gas and bath.
TAYLOR, Single rooms $1 and $1 50 per
week; double rooms $1 75 and $2.
TREMONT House, 1773 Market St.. opp. Gough
— House newly furnished; single rooms or
suits: two kitchens for tenants for light
housekeeping; rooms from $5 to $12. .
TURK, 405—3 sunny furnished rooms. ■
TURK, Newly furnished parlor suite; sun
all day; private family; reasonable.
VAN NESS aye., Sunny newly furnished
rooms, with excellent board; references.
WENDT Hotel, 22 Sacramento— Best rooming-
house on water front; single, 25c up; week, $1
up; fine bar connected with house.
ROOMS AND BOA/ll),
AHLBORN House. 319-321-323 Grant aye. —
Rooms Me up; board and room, $1 per day and
upward; free bus to and from hotel. ! ,
BRANNAN, 444-6 (New Mechanics' Hotel)—
Board and room $4 50 per week; single rooms
$1 per week.
BUSH, 822— Nicely furnished room; 2 gentle-
men; separate beds; running water; $60.
FOLSOM, 611— Swedish private boarding, with
. room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 708— Large double room,
with board, for 2 gents; also 2 single rooms.
GEARY, 227— First-class board; home cooking;
special rates to students, clerks; dinner. 26c.
HEATH, 312 Eddy— Select family boarding-
house; first class all appointments; hot water
every room; home cooking; terms moderate.
HOTEL SALISBURY, 299 Hyde— furnished
rooms; beautiful grounds: table unsurpassed.
HYDE, 408— Sunny alcove, hot, cold water, with
• board; also single room; private; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant home for gent;
board; hot and cold water; $20; other rooms.
SOUTH PARK, Large sunny room for two
with hoard, $40; also single rooms.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished sunny
Market st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS aye., 519— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms; first-class table board.
• CHILDREN BOARDED.
WANTED— ChiId to board in Frultvale; own
cow and carriage; reasonable. Call or write
for particulars to Call office, Oakland.
RESPECTABLE Scotch woman would like 2
children to board; 2 to 6 years old. Box £23,
Call office.
CHILDREN wanted to board, with mother's
care; reasonable terms. Apply at 2246 San
Antonio aye., Alameda.
CHILDREN or infants boarded; mother's care;
• references: moderate. 2344 Sixth st.
STORES TO LET.
| GOOD. corner store, bar and 3 rooms; brick
. basement; cheap. Northeast corner of Fif-
teenth and Dolores sts.
NATOMA. 645— Store and 2 rooms, suitable for
moet any business, $1L v
I O'FARRELL, 719— Store; will alter to suit ten-
ant; rent cheap; suitable for a plumbing shop.
PACIFIC. 324, near Sansome— La rse handsome
store cheap to good tenant.
/' MEDICAL.
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored i
lpstantly (no matter from what cause) ; safe |
and sure at any time; my celebrated reme- j
dies and treatment have never been known to
fall: travelers helped without delay; home in |
confinement; skillful medical attention; all j
those who are ? sick ■ and discouraged consult
1 the doctor free and confidential?* strong pills' ;
"■ and capsules, i $1. MRS. DR. WYETH. 208 j
Turk st., near Jones. '■ •■'::; — ":^r' ; ' "
ALL Ladles— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles, j
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
~. 60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
• anteed; any disease or Irregularity: disgrace !
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief, |
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home, !
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con- '
fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1223 Market '
St.; pills, $1 ; very strong, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
f ects: taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free-by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all :
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye.. S. F. -A caution— pur-
chasing els where write us. . ■ ■;".-■
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat- j
ter from what cause and how long standing; I
every woman her own physician; restores al- '
ways in one day: safe and sure; no mcdi- j
cine or Instruments used; consultation free; j
saves disgrace; pills, and capsules. $1; cure, j
■ $5. By the well-known ladies' physician, for j
37 years, DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
DR. WISE, late of Bellevue Hospital, N. V.,
obstretrtca specialist, offices Hackmeler Hotel,
123 Eddy at., chronic and complicated dis- !
eases cured; patients assured first-class
medical attendance, besides enjoying pri-
vacy of home with experienced attendants;
strictest confidence maintained in all cases; i
consultation free. Hours, 9 to 11 and 2 to 8.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause; no instruments' used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly;
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st. .
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late
'OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
PRIVATE home in confinement by a first-class
German midwife ; Infants adopted Into good
* ' homes. 515 Turk St.. ' near Larkin. •
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; Infallible, safe reme-
dies; 3S years' experience. 2544 Fourth st. > [
MRS. ACHARD. midwife; sunny; pleasant
home in confinement. 156 Second st.
DR. HALL. 1228 Market st., diseases of women
and children. ' , N
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all I
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den- '
i tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st.; telephone Jessie 1132.
CROOME Dental : Parlors, 759 Market, bet. '3d
and 4th— Painless filling, extracting, , crowning
and bridging by use of electricity; plates, $5 (
up; filling, 60c up; crowns and bridges, $5 up; |
extracting with gas, $1.
. .
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless .. extraction and
! patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell. • ■
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
. of teeth, $5 up: fillings, 25c up; : all > work |
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
\\ ings. 997 Market st., cor. Sixth. : ,
PAINLESS EXTRACTION, BRIDGE WORK—
New ; York methods at ■ New York prices by
New York dentists. 969 Mission St.. cor. Stacth.
DR. LUTJLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh;. crowns, bridge work and filing a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given. ■.--..■
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. . H. C.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk Bt. > . •
ALL work reasonable and warranted.- DR. J. '
,-.. W. . KEY. 1320 Market st. V -
PAINLESS filling a specialty. DRS. PERRY j
_ CHRISTIE. 8 Mason at., cor. Market. - • |
HORSES. ■
PUBLIC auction sale WEDNESDAY, Septem- :
ber 14, at 11 o'clock at Grand Arcade Horse
Market. 327 Sixth " st. ; personal property, the
property of G. W. MORSE; one phaeton sold
-..i for repairs and storage. ' :;>, ':■ :■;.' ■■■ ' " .~-^,
60 HORSES of every description at ; Emporium
■ Sales Yards, 220. Valencia st., between, Th I r- ;
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, . wagons, ;
harness, etc., at your own price; i come and !
:■ .;■ make an , offer.; ■"-■.;■■•■' .''.' ■""■ . -'■.■..'-
40 HORSES for i sale; also ? wagons, buggies, :
" carts, harness; =* Grand - Arcade Horse - Mar- I
ket, 327 Sixth; i auction sales every ; Wednes- I
' day. Vi SULLIVAN j& ; DOYLE, Auctioneers. |
LARGE assortment of work, draught and driv-
i ing horses, cheap. J . 145 Valencia st. v ;. ,
■ :: JC, WAGONS > AND CARRIAGES. T ;
SPECIAL' 1 sale < of harness ; and vehicles. Lie- j
■bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkin. opp. City Hall. | ■•,
'- ■:-:■:■;,;-.", ■■.>", PHYSICIANS. .. ,';-■■ j
DrT~C?~C~O > DONNELL. office ans residence. |
1201 Market; diseases of ■ women ; a specialty. |
PERSONALS.
LAST private mail for Dawson will leave on
13th inst.; letters, parcels and transacting of
business; letters, $1. F. KLEINSCHMIDT,
Palace Hotel. _
SEND 25c and stamp; physician will answer by
sealed mail any medical questions you ask.
P. O. box 573, Oakland. Cal.
WANTED immediately— A good second-hand
assay balance, at 217 Sacramento st.
J. C. R.— Called, but you had moved. Please
send address to box 1791, Call office.
TWO young ladies can procure good positions
to introduce Efc-ry Autographic Sales Regis-
ters among down town merchants. PERNAU
Agents. 543 Clay st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hiuse, 44 Third St., near Market; 2CO rooms,
25c to $150 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SEE Lederer's Quinonla Hair Tonic exhibit
in his windows this week; Quinonia is a re-
markable discovery; nothing like It for the
hair; 35c bottle. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton.
SOMETHING new; Manila solidified perfume;
delicious; send 10c for sample. Address box
1776, Call office.
HAIRDRESSING with curls Is the thing; reg-
ular price 50c: my price 45c; hairdresslng only
25c. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
} "'WARD— Let us know if you are well. We
expect a letter. MAMMA.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
MASU MIYAKAWA. Japanese contractor and
lahor agent. 410 Kearny st. ; tel. Green 1&.
DRESSMAKERS.
MISS GILLIGAN. dressmaking and cloaic-
making school. 223 Grant aye.
CHILDREN'S dresses made and fitted at their
homes. Address D., 387 Hayes st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses. $5
up; drPFEes made over. 3 Eddy St.. rm. 14-15.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
OMAR! OMAR! OMAR!
THE OCCULT WONDER.
325 EDDY ST., 325.
. MARVELOUS TESTS.
FULL NAME OF EVERY CALLER.
Name of Sweetheart or Husband.
Advice to make you succeed in love, busi-
ness, marriage, divorce, law suit?, etc. ; cures
drunkenness, bad habits, evil influences; lo-
cates mines, buried treasures, etc. ; guaran-
tees success.
OMAR NEVER FAILS «
To unite the separated and
Cnuse speedy and happy marriages.
■ — — - OMAR —
Guarantees success In all cases.
Letters containing Jl nnd 4 questions an-
pwered. Private residence, 325 Eddy St., 325.
ATTENTION! PROF. H. ROMAINE
— The Oriental Seer
Late of India.
TELLS FULL NAME OF EVERY CALLER.
Tells what you called for; advises on busi-
ness, speculation, love, everything; reunites
separated;* causes speedy marriages; recovers
old estates; locates hurled treasures in five
days; never fails. Fees. $1 and $2. Satisfac-
tion guaranteed by mail. Send stamp for
special terms. Offices, 1206 Market st.
Hours, 10 to 8.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium; while en-
tranced she will reveal every hidden mystery
In life; she will show you how to overcome
your enemies, remove family troubles, restore
lost affections: unites the separated, recov-
ers lost, stolen or buried property; locates
treasures, minerals; tells your entire life,
while in a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail. Send stamp for cir-
cular with special terms. MRS. DR. F.
CLARK, rms 25 & 26, I^o6 Market, opp. 6th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight: diagnoses disease; full life reading; la.
60c; gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
YOUR future told by cards for 25 cents. 221
Sixth st.
MAUD FOSTER, medium and astrology. 34
Sixth St., room 8.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, Has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postaga
free
SPIRITUALISM^
MRa J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium
and life reader; also medical clairvoyant;
treats with revealed remedies; nmoves can-
cer without pain; treats all diseases; private
sittings $1; by letter $2. Office, 232 Stockton.
BOOKS— Occult, liberal, spiritual and scientific
1429 Market: office of Philosophical Journal.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 212V4 Sixth st.
M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dlum. 118 Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 238 Valencia st.; read-
Ings, $1; dr. Tues., Fri., 2 p. m. ; Mon. 8; 250.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Crfll. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 M, postals
paid.
H YPNOTI SM
S. F. College Therapeutics, 305 Larkin «t.,
open day nnd eve, for patients tind pupils.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS^
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west Of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A— MA RPHALL & WENDELL, $7oT Weber,
$140; Sterling, $185; Curtaz, $190; Hallett &
Davis, $225: fine condition; guaranteed; easy
payments. BENJ. CURTAZ _ CON, Chick-
erlnc; Agents. 16-20 O'Farrell St.
FOR the next 30 days pianos will be sold for
cash at almost cost price by THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.; they
are making room for fresh stock.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 30S, 310, 312 Post Bt.
NEW organs rented, $1 per month; new pianoß
rented. $2 50 per month. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
A MAGNIFICENT 3-pedal Steinway, nearly
new, $150. KEEFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.
GRAND bargain, fine upright cheap for cash;
must sell. Room 33, 506 Jones st.
A— s6o; UPRIGHT; $5 Installments; other cheap
pianos. 216 McAllister St.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st.
"AD" smallest; price lowest; uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister St..
next Hibernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 OFarrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of .The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads t '^n.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ITSTcLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without sucess; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Inside Sliding Blinds, Mission
High School.
Office Board of Education, Son Francisco,
December 12, 1896.— 1n accordance with a reso-
lution adopted by the Board of Education of
the City and County of San Francisco, sealed
proposals will be received by the Superin-
tendent of Common Schools, in open session
of the Board of Education, on Wednesday.
September 14, 189 S. at 4 o'clock p. nr, for in-
side sliding blinds for Mission High School,
nt the northwest corner of Eighteenth and
Dolores streets, in said city and county. In
accordance with plans, which may be seen at
the office of Charles I. Havens, architect of
said board, room 55, Flood building, southwest
corner Fourth and Market streets.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certi-
fied check, as required by the specifications.
The party or parties to whom contracts may
be awarded will be required prior to or at
the time of the exeeutfon of contracts to pay
the cost of advertising this notice.
Blank proposals furnished by the Secretary.
The board reserves the right to reject any
or all bids, or any portion of any bid, as the
public good may require.
CHAS. M. WELCH. Secretary.
CITY* REAL ESTATE.
4-ROOM cottage; bath; new; big lot; for sale
cheap. Apply 47 Chapultepec st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR Sale— Stock ranch. 1200 acres land; 500
acres fine grain land: remainder grazing, hill
land; abundant feed; well sheltered and
watered; situated In Colusa County, 16 miles
from railroad: price $10 per acre. Apply to
MRS. M. S. CHANDON, Marysville. Cal.
160 ACRES creek land In Coos County, Oregon;
partly improved; cheap; title perfect. Ad-
dress 515 Sacramento st.
$2250— IMPROVED ranch near the city; bargain.
Mclaughlin & co., -77 Market st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rate?, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 10S3 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jpw-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market st. ; tel. Green 201.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re- I
moval: money quick: confidential; no commis- j
slon; lowest Interest. Room 68, 1170 Market. I
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re- |
moval: low rates; no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell at.
ANY amount at 6H per cent on real estate; 2d I
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro- |
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3. j
COLONIAL Inv. Co.— Money on any proposi-
tion; city, country: furn. 405 Montgomery, r. 4.
ON pianos, furniture, without removal: no j
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
FIRST and second mortgages, estates; city and
country. J. W. WRIGHT. 630 Market st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL-
FOREIGN and home capital to invest. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 32S Montgomery st.
EDUCATIONAL.
MARK HOPKINS Institute of Art.— Special
life classes have been formed for women,
every Monday, Wednesday and Friday even- j
ings. $5 per month or $16 per term;: antl'iue I
classes, $5 per month or $10 per tsrm; day |
classes, 6 days per week, $10 per month or I
$37 50 per term; Saturday class, $12 per term. ,
For further particulars apply at school build-
ing, corner Mason and Pine sts , to J. R.
MARTIN, Secretary.
A ST. CELIAN choral is being formed by M.
Merigan, organist St. Dominic's; 100 voices
wanted every Wednesday evening; entrance
and dues first month, $1; includes thorough
vocal instruction: sight reading; blackboard
used: prlvute lessons; voice piano organ. Ap-
ply 1 to 5 p. m.. hall 5, 102 O'Farrell st., or
residence, 1302 Webster, mornings, evenings.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Eook-
keeping, business practice, ihorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.
AYRES 1 Business College, 723 Market at.;
individual instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, penmanship. English
branches and special course for Civil Service
examinations, etc.; life scholarship, $50; low
rates per week and month.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry. Ph. H.. Fel-
low in Mathematics. U. C. 7407 S. Atherton,
nr. Charming way, Berkeley; writ:- for circular.
ENGINEERING School civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve.;
tst. 1864. VAN PER NAILI BN, 933 Market.
PIANO and German: pupil of Conservatory in
Leipsic; lessons 75 cents. 110 Hyde st.
MME. Annis Montague Turner, vocal instruc-
tions; correct and natural method. 930 Bush.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott b!dg.
SHORTHAND taught in 1 month; references;
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell;
16 jtb experience. Press Club bldg, 123 Ellis.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare
classes; prl. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman. 1!34 Bush.
CO-PARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
CERTIFICATE of copartnership— l, the under-
signed, do hereby certify that I individually
constitute the firm doing business as C. W.
R. FORD & CO., as silk and tailors' trim-
minga merchants; that the principal place of
business of said firm is at 116 Sutter street,
in the City and County of San Francisco, and
that the name of said firm is C. W. R. FORD
& CO. ; and that the full name and residence
of the Individual member of said firm is the
undersigned. JACOB M. SCHNEIDER, Los
Angles, State of California.
JACOB M. SCHNEIDER.
State of California, City and County of San
Francisco— ss.
On t"he 9th day of August, In the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, be-
fore me, W. T. HESS, a notary public in and
for the said city and county, residing therein
duly commissioned and sworn, personally
appeared JACOB M. SCHNEIDER, known to
me to be the person described in, whose name
is subscribed to and who executed the an-
nexed instrument, and he acknowledged that
he executed the same.
In witness whereof, I heave hereunto set
my hand and affixed my official seal at my
office in the City and County of San Fran-
clrco, the day and year in this certificate first
above written.
[Seal.] W. T. HESS.
Notary public in and for the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, 1015
Claus Spreckels building.
Indorsed: Filed August 10, 1898, C. P
CURRY, Clerk.
By N. E. MAISON. Deputy Clerk.
LEGAL NOTICES.
REFEREE'S Bale in partition— ln the Superior
Xourt of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California. Department No 1
THOMAS F. DUNN. Plaintiff, vs. La'wl
REKCE DUNN et ala.. Defendants. Causo
Notice is hereby given that under and !n
pursuance of the interlocutory decree in par-
tition and order of sale heretofore duly made
and given in the above-entitled court and
cause, and thereafter, to wit, on the 6th day
of April. IS9B, duly entered of record therein
by which said interlocutory decree cf said
court, the undersigned, G. H. Umbsen, was
appointed by consent in open court of all ths
parties to said action, as sole referee in said
cause, for the purpose of making sale of ths ;
real property hereinafter described, and by
which said decree It waa directed that said
real property be sold at public auction in the
manner required by law. the undersigned, as
Euch referee, will, on Monday, the 12th day
of September, 1898, at the hour of twelve {.13)
o'clock m., at the real estate office and sales-
rooms of G. H. Umbsen & Co.. at No. 14
Montgomery street, in the City and County of
6an Francisco, State of California, sell at
public auction in separate parcels to the
highest bidder for cash in United States gold
coin, and subject to confirmation by said Su-
perior Court, those certain lots, piece-: or par-
cels of real property situate, lytn? and being
In said City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, and bounded and de-
scribed as follows, to wit: •>
First— Commencing at a point on the north-
erly line of Minna street, three hundred and
ninety-six feet northeasterly from the north-
easterly corner of Third and Minna streets
thence northeasterly on the line of and front-
ing on Minna street twenty-fiv (25) feet
thence at right angles northwesterly eighty
(80) feet, thence at right angles southwesterly
twenty-five (25) feet, thence at right angles
southeasterly eighty (SO) feet to Minna street
and the point cf beginning, being a portion of
lot number ten of the One Hundred Vara Sur-
vey, as laid down on the official map of the
City and County of San Francisco, and being
a subdivision of said one hundred vara lot.
Second— Commencing at a point formed by
the intersection of the southerly line of Pago
street with the westerly line of Octavia street
running thence southerly along said line of
Octavia street forty (40) feet, thence at right
angles westerly eighty-seven and six-twelfths
(87 6-12) feet, thence at right angles northerly
forty (40) feet, thence at right angles easterly
eighty-seven and six twelfths (87 6-12) feet to
the point of commencement, being a part of
Western Addition block number two hundred
and twelve (212).
Third— Commencing at a point on the north- I
westerly line of Minna street, distant thereon !
two hundred and seventeen (217) feet south-
westerly from the northwesterly corner of
Second and Minna streets (said point of com-
mencement being the northeasterly corner of
New Montgomery and Minna streets), running
thence northerly at right angles with Minna
street and along the easterly line of New
Montgomery street eighty (SO) feet, thenca
at right angles easterly and parallel with
Minna street fifty-nine and six-twelfths
(59 6-12) feet, thence at right angles southerly
and parallel with New Montgomery street
eighty (SO) feet to the northwesterly line of
Minna street, and thence at rlgfit angles
westerly along the northwesterly line of
Minna street fifty-nine and six-twelfths
(59 6-12) feet to the point of commencement
being a subdivision of the one hundred vara
lot number eight (8).
Fourth— Commencing at the northwest cor-
ner of Sanchez and Duncan streets, running
thence westerly along the northerly l'ne of.
Duncan street eighty (SO) feet, thence north-
erly and parallel with Sanchez street one hun-
dred and fourteen feet (114) feet, thence »ast-
erly parallel with Duncan street eighty '90)
feet to Sanchez street, thence southerly along '•
the westerly line of Sanchez street one hun- !
dred and fourteen (114) feet to Duncan I
street, the point of commencement, together '
with the improvements thereon.
Terms and conditions of sale: Ten (10) per
cent of the purchase price to be paid to the
referee on each parcel sold at the time of i
sale. Balance of purchase price upon con- i
flrmation of sale by said Superior Court and !
delivery of deed.
Dated this 19th day of August. 1898.
G. H. UMBSEN,
Sole Referee Appointed by Said Superior
Court.
DINKE^SPEITi & GBSFORD,
Attorneys for Plaintiff, No. 805 Claus Spreck-
•l* Building, San Francisco. |
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$400— A MODEL home; house of 6 rooms, bath
and basement; up to date property; fine, largw
. lot; "best buy in Oakland; Galindo Tract,
F.ast Oakland; a charming view and grand
elevation; city water and sewer; Peralta aye.
and Belmont st; price $1400.
$125— Grand building lots; 35x114; $10 cash;
monthly payments to suit.
You can buy any sized lot you may desire and
at one-half real value. Call or send for circu-
lar. 455 Seventh st., corner Broadway, Oak-
land; carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
FOR SALE— Nice 4-room cottage, hard fin-
ished: bath: brick well; large lot; near
Berkeley local; school and 2 electric car lines;
$400 cash, balance same as rent; no agents.
For particulars address S. R., box 4, Call of-
flce. Oakland.
BELOW cost; modern new 7-room cottage, op-
posite school, in Elmhurst; large lot; small
amount down; offer wanted. T. B. DRAPER,
2063 Eagle aye., Alameda.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
WANTED- M FAMILIES FoITTioO^HOUPES
in Oakland: rent is cheap and we have the
best of every kind; write (stating want) or
call for list. WM. M. DE WOLF, 105S Broad-
wny. Oakland.
OAKLAND DRESSMAKING.
LADIES' coats, gowns and suits. MRS. B.
CHATMAN. 80S 27th st., nr. Pan Pablo.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHKLL-
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh at. S<?« him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale, cheap; 35x115; Souse and lot. 1825
Pacific aye.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FINE home near the hills; iarge house?~lot
120x135; corner; beautiful view; must be sold
at once; a snap. JOS. J. MASON, Berkeley
Station.
ORDERED by the bank to sell; house of 5
rooms, in thorough good condition; large lot;
street work all done; cement walks; near
Dwlght way station; a first-class chance for
a bargain. J. J. MASON, Real Estate, Berke-
ley Station.
ALTA PI'NTA Tract again on the market:
prices reduced: on San Pablo aye., 3 miles
north of Berkeley: lots and by acreage;
look at this. Map at G. W. HAIGHT, 220
Sansome Ft., S. F.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
WILL exchange 3-flat house on Eighteenth &t.,
near Howard, valued $5500, for more valuable
property in Western Addition or south of
Market st. ; will pay to boot. Address box
1762, Call office.
100 ACRES land, adjoining tow;n of Delano,
Kern Co., clear, to exchange for house ana
lot In Alameda or Oakland. O. 8., box 8,
Call office. Oakland.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
RIER— In this city, September 8, 1898, to tha
wife of August Rier, a son.
WILGANS— In this city. September B, IS9B, to
the wife of George Wilg.ins. a son.
SIARRIED.
LINDEVALD— BOYENS— In this city, Septem-
ber 8, IS9S. at the Howard Presbyterian
Church, by the Rev. F. R. Farrand, Conrad
T. Linderald and Lillian Boyens, bofh of
San Franciaco.
DIED.
Arce, Caroline Jung 1 , Edwin G.
Butkawetz, Caroline Keyes, William P.
Carroll, Hanora Perscheid. Walter
Darling, Adam C. Rahr. Hans M.
Eggertsen. Anna Rocker, Wesley H.
Godeau, Leontine M. Shattuck. Francis K.
Hallden, Gustav W. Smith, Charles
Hand, James Wilson, Hiss Clara
ARCE— In the City and County Hospital, Sep-
tember 9, IS9S, Caroline Arce, a native of
■ California.
BUTKAWETZ— In this city, September 9. 1898,
Caroline, beloved wife of the late Ludwig
Butkawetz, and mother of Mrs. August Gara-
balla, a native of Germany, aged 81 years S
months and 16 days.
CARROLL— In this city. September 7, 1898, Ha-
nora, beloved wife of the late James W. Car-
roll, a native of Ballinasloe, County Galway,
Ireland, aged 76 years 5 months and 2 days.
|C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3fi."5 Twenty-first street, thence to St.
James Church, Twenty-third and Guerrero
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
DARLING —In this city, September 9, 1898,
Adam Charles, dearly beloved husband of
A. E. Darling, aged 66 years.
I£7"Remains at the parlors of the Gantner
& Guntz Undertaking Company, 8 and 10
City Hnll square.
EGGERTSEN— In this city, September 8, 1898,
Anna, beloved wife of J. Eggertsen, a na-
tive of Denmark, aged 43 years.
[CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:3u o'clock, from the parlors
of H. P. Petersen & Co., 228 McAllister
street. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
GODEAU— In this city, September 8, 1898,
Leontine Marguerite Pac, beloved mother of
Julius 8. and P. E. Godeau, Mrs. J. Boutes
and Mrs. I. Fos, a native of France, aged 73
years 10 months and 28 days.
[C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Julc:i S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue,
thence to the French Church of Notre Dame
dcs Victolres for services commencing at 2:30.
HALLDEN— In the City and County Hospital,
September 9. 189S, Gustav Werner Hallden,
a native of Sweden, aged 44 years.
HAND — In San Mateo County, September 8,
IS9B, Jamea Hand, bt'loved brother of John,
Frank and Edward Hand, a native of the
parish Cf Roslea. County Fermanagh, Ire-
land, aged 30 years.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully inviteJ to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his brother, J. Hand, 1670 Seward street.
West Oakland. Interment St. Mary's Ceme-
tery, Oakland.
jxtng — In Oakland, September 9. IS9B, Edwin
GunaV. beloved son of Gottlelb and Lizzie
Jung, a native of Oakland, aged 8 months.
KEYES— In Niles, Cal.. September 8, 1898.
William P., beloved husband of Addle Keyes,
and son of O. H. Keyes, a native of San
Francisco, aged 36 years and 7 months.
(TCTFrlends and aeaualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of O. H. Keyes, 607 Van Ness avenue.
PERSCHEID— In this city, September 9, 1898,
Walter, youngest and beloved son of Gustave
A. and Maria Perscheid, and brother of Gus-
tave A. and John W. Perscheid, a native of
Pan Francisco, aged 4 months and 8 days.
RAHR— In this city, September 7, 1898, Hans
M Rahr, beloved brother of Carl J., Mads J.
and N. J. Rahr and Mrs. C. Bonde, a native
of Schleswig, Germany, aged 32 years 3
months and 26 days. A member of Danmark
No. 2. Danla.
(rj^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
H P. Petersen & Co., 228 McAllister street,
thence to K. P. Hall, 909 Market street, where
funeral services will be held under the aus-
pices of Danmark No. 2, Dania, commencing
at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
ROCKER— In this city. September 9, 1898. Wes-
ley H., beloved son of John and Christina
Rocker, a native of San Francisco, axed S
months and 16 days.
SHATTUCK— In Berkeley, September 9, 1898,
Francis Klttridge, beloved husband of Rosa
M Shattuck, and brother of Mrs. M. K.
Blake, Mrs. Eliza Lee and Mrs. E. H. Ha-
vens, a native of New York, aged 73 years t
months and 3 days.
\£? The funeral services will be held
to-morrow (Sunday), at 3 o'clock, at Moun-
tain View Cemetery. Oakland, under the aus-
pices of Live Oak Lodge No. 61. F. and A. M.
SMITH— In Bear Harbor, Mendocino County,
September 6. 1898, Charles, beloved husband
of Mary Smith, and father of Mrs. H. J.
Nealon, Lulu, Arthur and George Otten and
Bertha Smith, a native of Sweden, aged 39
years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemtery.
WILSON— In this city. September 8, 1898, Miss
Clara Louisn, only daughter of Ezeklel and
Louisa Wilson, a natlvo of Fall River, Mass.,
aged f>2 years and 7 months.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Point Lobos and Fourteenth avenues.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
lAIcAVOY & GALLAGHER.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALIEERS|
20 JITTH ST., op p. Linooln Sohool.
Telephgne._South_B& |
1516
WHY GENERAL
GREENE WILL
RETURN HOME
A Serious Clash of Authority
Between Him and Major-
General Merritt.
Said to Have Convened a General Court
martial in Contravention to the Arti
cles of War— Gossip of the
In press dispatches from Manila re
cently published in The Call It was an
nounced that Brigadier General F. V.
Greene, who palled from here es.rly in
June on the transport China, in com
mand of the second detachment, Philip
pine expeditionary forces, was to return
to this city on or about the 21st of Sep
tember. The dispatch further stated
that General Qreene upon his arrival
here would be immediately mustered out
of the service, and that he would return
to the East to tfve his attention to his
large an 1 varied business interests which
have suffered materially as a result of
lr.s going to war. This dispatch was at
first accepted in good faith by the great
majority of those who read it, who paw
no reason, since the war was practically
ended, why General Greene should not rt
turn to look after his business affair*.
But there is, sub rosa, a different rea-
WAS HIS RETIREMENT ENFORCED?
BRIGADIER GENERAL F, V. GREENE, Who Is Expected Home From Manila
Shortlu.
eon why a man of General Greene's re
cognized brilliancy should suddenly toss
up his commission and return to civil
life, when affairs in the Philippines are
yet far from settled, and there remains
an opportunity for the achievement of
glory and fame. The favored few here,
who know the meager facts regarding
the general's return, are loth to discuss
the subject, and it will never be fully
explained until General Merritt has re
turned, but one thing is certain, and thai
Is that General Greene is coming rack
because there has been a clash between
himself and General Merritt. To what
extent this is true no one seems to know,
but it appears. that the Philippines were
not large enough for both general of
ficers, and in consequence. Merritt being
Greene's superior, the latter no doubt de
cided that home and civil life would oe
more congenial. Rumor has it that
Greene's return is not voluntary, but that
it was the alternative left him in lieu of
a court-martial, as a result of his as
suming authority (presumably through
Ignorance), which he had no right to do.
Be that as it may, one thing is true,
there was an unpleasant friction Mtween
Generals Merritt and Greene, and the lat
ter has decided to leave the service.
The facts in the case are that while at
sea on June 18 General Greene convened a
feneral court-martial and tried four pri
«.tes of the First Colorado and one pri
vate of the Eighteenth Now York regi
ments, for some petty offenses commit
ted aboard ship. The War Department,
when the results of the court-martial
■were forwarded, promptly set them
aside. This was a direct ruling against
General Greene, and it is said to have
been done at the request of General Mer
ritt. Judge Advocate General G. N. Lieber
in his report of the matter to the adjutant
general states that there was nothing to
show, that General Greene's detachment
bad been designated in orders as a "sepa
rate brigade, but that it was a detach
ment made up of part of brigades of the
"Independent division," and that such
being the case General Greene had no
authority to convene a general court
martial, which authority under the
Boventy-thlrd article of war is invested
only In the commander of a division of
of a separate brigade of troops, and the
Judge advocate recommended that the
sentences imposed upon the men be set
aside, which was done by the War De
partment. General Merritt was the only
officer with power to convene a general
court-martial, he being in command of
the Independent Division, Eighth Army
Corps.
It is claimed ..by some that General
Greene knew he had no right to convene
the general court-martial, while others
hold to the opinion that ho committed the
breech of power through ignorance.
It is said that when General Merritt
reached Manila he had an interview with
General Greene that was decidedly heat
ed, and that some very warm and pointed
words passed, and now the latter Is com
ing home. ..;-• ,
It is hardly possible that General
Greene, who graduated at the head of his
class ftp™, Wej& Ppiai>nd, jslM yiW. eofts
Retirement.
sidered one of the brightest officers when
he was In the service, \\\>uld have been
guilty of such an overstep of military eti
quette as to take unto himself a power
which he had no right to do. He was cer
tainly acquainted with t H e Articles of
War. It is said that the single star upon
his shoulder was too weighty for General
Greene to preserve his <"iulllbrium, and
that he suffered from what is commonly
known as the "big head." When h« left
here on the China It Is reported that the
captain of the vessel courteously told him
that he must consider his cabin his own
and make himself at home there. General
Greene Is said U> have replied that he In
tended ;o do so, as he proposed taking the
captain's cabin for his own quarters. This
was the first clash, but the capti in kept
his cabin. Later in the voyage, when
some of the officers aboard were enjoying
the captain's hospitality General Greene
forbade him to invite them into his cabin
without having first obtained permission
frum him to do so. These facts and the
court-martial incident are said to have cul-
mlnated upon the arrival of General Mer
ritt in General Greene's being told some
very plain facts, and it is said that only
Greene's rank saved him. He was . per
mitted on account of it to return home. At
any rate General Greene is going to lay
aside the martial blue for the modest
garb of the civilian.
The following is the opinion of Judge
Advocate Lleber in the matter of the
general court-martial convened by Gen
eral Greene, submitted to Adjutant Gen
eral Corbin:
To the Adjutant . General— Sir: I have the
honor to submit herewith the. records of trial
of Privates 11. J. Lambert, Company 11. First
Colorado Infantry: H. 13. Brlgps. Company C,
First Colorado Infantry; Lee Judge, Company
<;, Eighteenth New York; W. O. Shakespeare.
Company F. and Robert Dick. Company M,
First Colorado Infantry. All these oases were
tried by a general court-martial convened on
board the steamer China, at sea, by order of
Brigadier General Greene, dated Headquarters
Second Detachment, Philippine Expedition,
Steamer China, at Sea, June 18, 1898. -
Under the seventy-third article of war, '•the
commander of a division of a separate brigade
of troops shall be competent to appoint a gen
eral court martial"; and prior to general or
ders No. 251. War Department, August 31, 1864,
it was held by this office "that where a com
mand not attached to a division, but occupy
ing a separate post or district, or operating
separately In the field, was made up of regi
ments or parts of regiments sufficient to form
a brigade, and such as were commonly or
might properly be organized into a brigade
command, .the sune might In general be
viewed as constituting - a separate brigade In
the sense of this article, 1. c., so far as to em
power its commander to convene a general
court martial." (Digest of Opinions, Judge Ad
vocate General, page 85, paragraph: 2.)
By the general orders referred to It was
provided that:
"Where a post or district is composed of
mixed troops equivalent to a brigade, the com
manding officer of the department or army will
designate it in orders as 'a separate brigade,'
and a copy of such orders will accompany the
proceedings of any general court martial con
vened by such brigade commander. ■
- "Without such authority, ■ commanders of
posts - and districts having no ! brigade organi
zations will not convene general court mar
tial."
-Under this order it , was held ' by this office
that . "the . fact that a district command was
composed not of regiments but of detachments
merely (which, however. in the number of
troops, were equal to or exceeded . two - regi
ments), did not preclude < its , being . designated
as a 'separate brigade,' -•• and - that :• when ■so
designated ■ Its ' commander has • the i same au
thority to convene general • court . martial as he
would 1 have if the . cenmand • had the '• regular
statutory brigade 'organization. . That though
a > district commas* ' embraced a force consid
erably greater than that of a brigade as com
monly constituted, yet If not designated by the
proper authority as a 'separate brigade, .'• Its
commanders - would be. without authority r - to
convene general court martial, , unless. Indeed,
bis command constituted a separate 'army' -in
the . sense • of the sixty-fifth (now seventy-sec
ond) article." (Digest of Opinion, Judge Advo
cate General, page SB, paragraph J.) ■ .  .
? There is nothing with- these records to show
that General .Greene's detachment: has • been
designated in orders as a "separate' brigade" ■
but it is understood that it was a detachment
made up of parts of brigades of the "Independ
ent • Division," as ; defined in : enclosed ; orders
i Walesa it, was so designated, i am of opinion
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1898.
that the command cannot be properly con
sidered a "separate brigade" within the mean-
Ing of the seventy-third article of war; and I
would recommend that the sentences imposed
be set aside. Very respectfully,
G. N. LIEBER, Judge Advocate Goneral.
The officers at the Presidio refuse to dis
cuss the affair or to express themselves in
any way, but it can b« gathered from the
little they hav<- said that they do not be
lieve General Greene convened the court
martiai through ignorance. If such is the
case General Greene is lucky to escape
with being allowed to retire. Interesting
results axe expected when he axrives in re
gard to the affair. It is further rumored
that General Greene adopted a high-hand
ed rule with the various commanders in
his detachment as soon as It sailed, and
that the breach between himself and his
subordinates was never healed.
MUSTERING OUT MAY STOP.
General Miller Expects to See
All the Troops Get Away,
General Miller, upon his return to the
Presidio late yesterday afternoon from
department headquarters, was In a de
cidedly happy frame of mind. He refused
to make any definite statements when
asked for an expression of his views re
garding the troops now at the Presidio
being soon ordered away for Honolulu, but
he did say that he was of the opinion
that in a month there would not be a
tent left standing at the Presidio and that
the First Washington would also be
among the regiments to go. From what
the general had to say in regard to the
matter it is highly probable that the au
thorities at department headquarters are
in receipt of orders from Washington that
will make the weary soldiers at th<s Pre
sidio very happy when they are known.
The most significant thing that General
Miller had to say was that ho had learned
from a reliable source that Governor Budd
had wired the War Department request
ing that the mustering out of the Sixth
and Seventh California regiments be
stopped. The general refused to confirm
the report, but he plainly intimated that
he was of tho opinion that thore was
something in It.
The general stated that he expected to
;-e^ all of the troops now here, including
the Eighth California, get away In the
near future. He himself will leare with
the last detachment to go, and he said
that he would make application this time
to the War Department to b6 setit to Ma
nila or Honolulu, something that ho has
never yet done.
Presidio Notes.
The officers appointed by General Miller
to assess the damages done the property
of Zero Thomas have at last sent in their
report, but it will not be made public be
fore to-morrow. It Is said that the board
was unable at first to agree upon the
amount of the damage, and that that was
the reason why it took such a long time
fur the formulation of the report ■
The proceedings in the court-martial
case of Private Scruggs of the Tennessee
regiment are also In, and will be published
to-day. It Is said that the soldier has been
given several months' confinement. He
has written a lett to General Miller stat
ing that he wants his case reopened for
the reason that at the advice of his coun
sel he pleaded guilty, When he claims that
he is innocent. ™*
: General ; Miller yesterday issued an or
der to all regimental commanders In
structing them to allow all soldiers of the
Jewish persuasion to have passes and re
lief from all duty upon the three holidays
Of A th /'f X hu J eh that occur this month
A detail of one sergeant and two pri
vates to take Private Fred Shofele, Com
pany A, Twentieth Kansas Regimen Vto
w^Sd^sTeVd^ 11 " 1 at -^ lWl *«
THE MEN FROM OREGON.
Governor Lord Declares They
Are Well Treated.
Governor Lord will return to Oregon in
a happier frame of mind than that In
which he came here. He again visited the
Oregon recruits yesterday morning, and
went among the men and talked to them
with the view of ascertaining the exact
state of their minds .and to find out if they
were being well cared for. He learned
that they were contented and well pro
vided for, and that they are being prop
erly looked after by their officers. The
Governor then made the mci. a short
speech In which he said that he waa
pleased to have found them so well taken
care of and in such excellent condition
He promised to use all the influence in his
power to get the men off to Manila to join
their regiment, or to Honolulu at any
rate. The Governor then sent a dispatch
to Portlarrt, stating that after a thorough
Investigation he had found out that the
exaggerated reports of the men being
neglected and sick were not borne out
by the facts.
Governor Lord returned to the Palace
about 2 o'clock in the afternoon, where
he was formally called upon by General
Miller and hiß Htaff. The Governor and
Adjutant General Tuttle will be the
guests of General Miller to-day. They
will be taken to Fort Point and shown the
coast batteries and will then visit the
CliiT House
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It Is pure.
The seacoaat line of the globe Is com-
S.uted to be a.b.oui 126,00 miles.
THE SEARCH
FOR EVIDENCE
HAS ENDED
Detectives Ready to Present the
Case Against Mrs. Cor
delia Botkin.
How One Structure of Facts Has Been
Erected Out of the Ruins of Another.
An Extradition Muddle.
The serious labor of the police lr. gath
ering evidence against Mrs. Cordelia Bot
kin is practically over, although the au
thorities still entertain a vague hope that
they will be able to supply the missing
facts that are so necessary to the com
pletion of their case. Detectives are
still making a desultory investigation, but
there is neither method nor direction In
their work, and if anything new bo dis
covered it will be by accident and not
the result of design. The Chief of Po
lice is engaged in collecting for presenta
tion to the Governor the testimony he
has at his command. The District At
torney is reading what there is of law
on the complicated subject of extradi
tion and speculating on what the law
does not diocuss. When the affidavits of
the physicians and the Coroner of Dover
arrive, Governor Budd will listen to the
arguments for and against extradition.
As the evidence of the prosecution now
stands. It Is far from being In that con
dition which does not suggest a doubt
of the accused woman's guilt. There are
many missing links in the chain that
must establish guilt before conviction
may be secured. The authorities have
traced many circumstances and de
veloped the existence of many facts that
Mrs. Botkln must certainly explain, but
the chain is broken and the background
of guilt, upon which it rests, very In
distinct. The police will begin the pre
sentation of their casa by showing the
illicit relationship that existed between
Mrs. Cordelia Botkin and John P. imn
ning.
It will be shown tnat Mrs. Fintkin was
greatly Infatuated with Dunning and
jealous enough to make Dunning oelievo
that she might do him some injury. He
will testify that Mrs. Botkin was Jealous
of his wife and sought to make him give
her up. The anonymous letters written
from this city to Mrs. Dunning a year
ago will be introduced for a doublo pur
pose — to connect Mrs. Botkin with the
poisoned box of candy and to show that
for a year she planned and schemed to
get Mrs. Dunning out of the way, either
through tho divorce court or a more fatal
avenue out of life itself.
The handwriting expert of the Chief of
Police will give his opinion that Mrs. Bot
kin wrote the anonymous letters and the
address on the box of candy. John P.
Dunning will express the same opinion.
It will be shown that Dunning wrote to
Mrs. Botkin after his departure from thia
city and informed her that he intended
to break his relations with aer and re
turn to his neglected wife. All of this will
be no more than the preliminary steps in
the case, the foundation of probabilities
upon which to erect a structure of proof,
however strong or weak it may be.
The purchase of two ounces of arsenic
at the Owl drug store by Mrs. Botkin will
be the first Important fact directly point
ing toward the accused woman. This pur
chase was made on June 1, and is frankly
admitted b« Mrs. Botkin. Two months
later, the authorities will show that Mrs.
Botkin, while ill at Stockton, dlscuss-jd
the efficacy of arsenic as an agent of
death. She jocularly declared at the time
that she contemplated suicide. On tne
following day jtlrs. Botkin came to this
city. The police have attempted to fol
low her movements since then, but have
failed to do so. They have traced the box
of candy and the handkerchief, but they
cannot prove beyond a doubt that Mrs.
Botkin was the purchaser.
Two girls, Sylvia Heney and Kate Dett
ner, are sure that the box was bought on
the afternoon of July 31, and they are
fairly accurate in describing Mrs. Bot
kin as the purchaser. But they cannot
identify the accused woman beyond the
question of a doubt. At this stage of the
presentation of the case of the police a
most remarkable and perhaps suspicious
condition of affairs will have to be ex
plaJned by the authorities. It will be
remembered that the police announced
that the box of candy had been bought
at the Wave randy store in Stockton.
The clerks described Mrs. Botkin as the
purchaser. They told how she looked and
how she acted. They gave a recital of
her requests for a special box without
the manufacturer's name. They told how
she asked the clerk not to nil the box
but to leave space for another present.
The conclusion was inevitable. The box
had been bought at Stockton, and since
Mrs. Botkin was In that town at tfie time
she, of course, was the purchaser. All
that was left was to bring her face to
face with the clerks and note her con
sternation as she was identified and In
the Identification condemned. But in an
instant the whole structure of proof
crashed to the ground. The box was
bought at the establishment of George
Haas in this city.
The police were forcod to begin all over
again. In building the new structure they
used the splintered fragments of the old.
Fact by fact was duplicated in the two
proofs. A woman answering the descrip
tion of Mrs. Botkin had bought a box of
candy at Stockton. A woman answering
the description of Mrs. Botkin had bought
a box of candy from George Haas. The
purchaser at Stockton had askod that
space be left In the box for another pres
ent. The purchaser In San Francisco
made the same request. She who ap
peared at the Wave store in Stockton
wanted chocolates only. She who made
the purchase in this city made the samo
demand.
Yet the police admit that the woman
who operated in Stockton was not Mrs.
Botkin, and knew absolutely nothing of
the Dunning tragedy. From the stand
point of the police themselves, two
women, with nothing in common, with no
mutual plan or purpose, were acting the
same scene at the same time In different
towns widely separated. Either the clerks
at Stockton or the interesting young
ladies employed by George Haas, or per
haps the astute assistants of the Chief,
have proved too much.
When this suspicious looking bridge has
been crossed the prosecution will show
that a handkerchief was bought at the
City of Paris on the afternoon of August
8, and that Mrs. Botkin cashed a money
order in that store on that afternoon.
A handkerchief similar to that purchased
was sent in the box of poißoned candy.
In defense Mrs. Botkin will psobaoly
show that there were others in the store
that afternoon, and that no one saw her
buy such a handkerchief. Another fact
of importance that will be established has
not yet been discussed. The police have
made the most thorough search of Mrs.
Botkln'e effects. They have ransacked
her apartments, but they have failed to
flud a handkerchief In any way similar to
that which was sent to the unfortunate
women at Dover.
It is in this condition that the prosecu
tion must present its case before Gover
nor Budd or before any tribunal com
petent to try Mrs. Botkin for her life.
Op the other hand, the accused woman
needs only to present the legal argu
ments her attorney* have collected
apainst the plea for extradition. When
her defense is presented four distinct ele
ments will play a conspicuous part. Tho
grotesque Stockton episode will serve to
throw suspicion on the methods of tho
police. Mrs. Lena Rothkuff, whose
strange story was published exclusively
In TVe Call yesterday, will add another
phase of uncertainty, and with the cor
rcboration of J. B. Fennessee create a
reasonable doubt. The police vill then
find themselves unable to prove that
Mrs. Dunning and Mrs. Deane were mur
dered by eifienlc. The bodies of the poi
soner's victims were embalmed and >,o
autopsy was held. The wno!e world
knows of the cruel murders, but that
knowledge can be carried Into court only
In certain prescribed ways.
Of the course of the husband of the
] murdered woman, John P. Dunning, Chief
I Lees does not hesitate to esp-.ees hie
I opinion. Said he: ''The man may be a
good fellow and all that, but he has dis
played little inclination to assist in cap
turing his wife's assassin. His place during
this case is right hero in San Francisco.
Had he been here we would have beer.
Bayed an immense amount of unsatisfac
tory work and a great deal of time. I
don't know Just how to explain his
apathy."
Detective McVey said that in case Gov
ernor Budd should allow extradition. Mrs.
Botkln need have no fear that her trial
in Delaware will be to her disadvantage.
The expenses of all of her witnesses to
the Eastern court will oe met by his
State upon a certification by her attor
neys that they are necessary to the de
fense. Everything that can be will be
done by the Delaware authorities to as
pure Mrs. Botkln an impartial and un
nampered trial. This assurance of Detec
tive McVey disposes of one idea that has
caused Mrs. Botkin a great deal of hard
worry, as she has all of the time been
under the impression that this expense
would be upon her.
Mrs. Botkln, however, is quite confident
that the State of Delaware will not be
put to any transportation expense. Her
spirits are in accord with her health, and
her appetite, all of which, according to
her faithful sister, Miss Brown, are of
the best.
She has become accustomed to the
curious crowd that each day comes to the
prison door to see her, and successfully
disposed of them by filing with the matron
a standing refusal to be exhibited.
The question of the extradition of Mrs.
Cordelia Botkin, now confined in t>r City
Prison and charged with the murder of
Mrs. Dunning and Mrs. Deane, is at
tracting the attention of laymen and
lawyers throughout the United States.
The horror of the crime with which Mrs.
Botkin Is charged Is not the only fact
which makes the case of absorbing inter
est to the people, but the legal questions
involved In the matter of her extradition
to the State of Delaware Invest it with
an additional interest, especially for the
members of the legal profession. The
outcome of the hearing before Governor
Budd, which is set for Tuesday next,
upon which the Question of the extradi
tion of the prisoner will be elaborately
argued, is awaltrd with much interest.
The question of interstate extradition is
not a new one to the jurisprudence of
this or, perhaps, any other State In the
Union, and thore are to be found cases
very similar to that of Mrs. Botkln and
involving tho same questions of law.
A very Interesting paper on the subject
of Interstate extradition was read by
Hon. Charles W, Slack, ex-Superior Judge
of this city, before the Young Men's Bar
Association of San Francisco In July, 1884.
The paper was published In full in Vol. 3
of thf> West Coast Reporter, and Is very
complete and exhaustive of the subject
of which it treats. It opens with a
statement of the c^"stltutlonal and stat
utory provisions In the extradition of per
sons charged with crime who flee from
Justice. It Is not in the nature of an
opinion on the question, but a statement
of the privileges involved and the appli
cation of those principles by State and
Federal courts of the United States to
the facts of particular cases.
All the leading reported cases are cited
and dlscussoj, and from the law as laid
down by those cases a mind without legal
training must come to the conclusion that
Mrs. Botkin cannot be extradited.
Judge Slack also discusses the question
of executive discretion In causing the ar
rest and delivery of the fugitive. It seems
from the authorities that the provision
in the constitution declaring that "It shall
be the duty" of the executive to cause the
arrest and delivery of the fugitive is
declarative and not mandatory; that it
Imposes on the executive only a morai
duty, and that this Is so because no
moans are provided to compel the execu
tion of this duty, nor inflict any punish
ment for neglect or refusal on the part of
the exocutive of the State. The ipsulng
of a warrant for the arrest and detention
of an alleged fugitive rests In the dis
cretion of the- State executive.
The next point discussed is as to the
jurisdiction of the courts to inquire Into
the course of tho detectives. It seems
that when the executive has once acted,
and has issued his warrant, the question
may be Investigated on habeas corpus
whether or not the prisoner is properly
detained under the constitution and law
of Congress; In other words, the deter
mination of a Governor Is not conclu
sive.
Another Interesting point discussed is
who are fugitives from justice. It seems
from tho leading judicial opinions that
In order to constitute a person a fugitive
from justice such person must have been
within the State where the crime was
committed and at the time it was com
mitted and have fled therefrom. That a
person can be constructively In the State
at the time, as has been suggested by
the authorities here in the Botkln case,
finds no authority in law. and the very
reverse has been actually decided.
In the case of Louis "Reggie, reported
In the one hundred and fourteenth vol
ume of United States Reports, the Uni
ted States Supreme Court decided the
point which will be raised by the attor
neys for Mrs. Botkln before Governor
Budd. Reggie WTaa alleged to be a fugi
tive from justice from Pennsylvania, and
upon the requisition of the Governor of
that State the Governor of Utah, where
he was discovered, issued a warrant for
his extradition.
Justice Harlan wrote the opinion of the
court, and in It said: "The only ques
tion remaining to be considered relates
to the alleged want of competent evi
dence before the Governor of Utah at
the time he Issued the warrant of arrest
to prove that the appellant (Regglp) was
a fugitive from justice from Pennsylva
nia. Undoubtedly the acts of Congress
did not impose upon the executive au
thority of the Territory fhe duty of sur
rendering the appellant, unless it was
made to appear in some proper way
that he was a fugitive from justice. In
other words the appellant was entitled
under the acts of Congress to insist upon
proof that he was within the demand
ing State at the time he is alleged to
have committed the crime charged and
subsequently withdrew from her jurisdic
tion so that he could not be reached by
her criminal processes.
"The statute, it is to be observed, doe«
not prescribe the character of such proof
but that tho executive authority of the
Territory was not required by the acts
of Congress to cause the arrest of ap
pellant and his delivery to the agent ap
pointed by the Governor of Pennsylva
nia without proof of the fact that he was
a fugitive from justice, is in our Judg
ment clear from the language of that
act. Any other interpretation would lead
to the conclusion that the mere requisi
tion by the executive of the demanding
State, accompanied by a copy of an In
dictment or an affidavit before a magis
trate certified to by him to be authentic,
charging the accused of crime committed
within her limits, imposed upon the exec
utive of a State or Territory where the
accused is found the duty of surrender
ing him, although he may be satisfied
from Incontestable proof that the accused
had, in fact, never been In the demand
ing State, anu therefore could not have
been said to have fled from its justice.
"Upon the executive of the State in
which the accused is found rests the re
sponsibility of determining in some legal
mode whether he is a fugitive from the
justice of the demanding State. He does
not fail In duty if he makes it a condi
tion precedent to the surrender of the ac
cused that it be shown to him by compe
tent proof that the accused is, in fact, a
fugitive from the Justice of the demand
ing State."
The doctrine here laid down by Justice
Harlan ia amply supported by the de
cisions of the State Supreme courts of the
various States. In the case of State vs.
Jlall, reported In volume 115 of the Nortjj,
/■_y-" " '■ ADVERTISEMENTS. -1.
k Twenty- first concert by th© :
Boston Elite Orchestra, Leo
Bruck, director. Program
(Internationale):
FART I.
. ■% 1. March, "The Stars and Stripes Forever" i
4" O ss Ctf\ "V 2. Waltz,' ' "A* ' Summer ' Night" 'in" Munich" USa •
I { l-I iriV 2. Waltz, "A Summer N'igM in Munich"
+"" V * C *JT •• • Collier
mf 8. Overture. "Italienes In Algiers" Rossini ■
. 4. Russian Mazurka, "La Czarina" (Jan: »
(Close at 6) ■ 5. Selection, "The Geisha" .....Jones.
A grand potpourri from the Japanese
• • Comlque Opera Success.
6. "Two Hungarian Dances" Brahms
PART 11.
7. Medley, "The Rage in Ireland" Beyer
Introducing "Come Back to Erin," "Brlen
Borholm's March," "Kathleen," "The
Rakes of Mallow,'.'. "Cruisk«»en Lawn,"
"Killarney," "Sally, Shilly-shally, " etc.
Chinese ; Serenade, "The First Born"
* Lee Johnson
A _ <•__ 9. Selection. "The Tyrolean" Zeller
bb Til fl wfWW 10. Waltz, "Toujour ou Jamals"....Waldteurel
IkY/ lllV/1 M. Vr YY 11. "Japanese Lantern Dance" Bratton
12. March, "Tannhauser" ;. Wagner
"Star-Spangled Banner." ,
(blinds down all day)
Celebrated new Jouvin gloves just
in, $1.50.
Hale's dollar glove — more.
New hosiery, ribbons, neckwear, cor-
sets, handkerchiefs and belts. :
*■ I.V/Hvl«.^ See our advertisements in Examiner,
Call and Bulletin: outline of fashions in
(open at 8) millinery and costumes.
Grand fall opening in all departments, '■
especially millinery and woolen and silk j
dress goods, trimmings, neckwear and
art fancies. Strong attractions.
(Frisco's most progressive dry-goods house.)
937-939-941-943-945-947 Market Street.
Carolina reports, Justice Avery of that
State said:
"Our statute confers nq. power to de
tain in custody or to surrender at the de
mand of the executive of another State
any person who doc^s not fall within the
definition of a fugitive from justice, ac
cording to the interpretation given by the
courts of the United States to the clause
of the Federal constitution providing for
interstate extradition and the act of Con
gress passed in pursuance of it. The only
question before us is -whether a person
can, in contemplation of law, flee from
justice in the State of Tennessee, when
he has never been actually but only con
structively within its territorial limits.
"Upon this question there is abundant
authority, emanating not only from the
foremost text writers and some of the
ablest jurists of the most respectable
State courts, but from the Supreme Court
of the United States, whose peculiar
province it is to declare what interpreta
tion shall be given to the Federal consti
tution and the statutes enacted by Con
gress in pursuance of its provisions,
which are declared by that instrument to
be the supreme law of the land.
"If we can surrender, under our statute,
only fugitives within the meaning of the
act of Congress, it would seem sufficient
to cite ex parte Reggie, 114 U. S., 642,
where It is held that a person arrested as
a fugitive has a right to insist upon proof
that he was within the demanding State
at the time he is alleged to have com
mitted the crime charged and subse
quently withdrew from her Jurisdiction,
so that he could not be reached by her
criminal process.
"It is admitted that the prisoners have
never withdrawn from the jurisdiction of
the courts of Tennessee, and have never
been, either at the time when the homi
cide was committed or since, exposed to
arrest under process issuing from them.
» • * To hold that a person who is liable
to indictment only by reason of his con
structive presence Is a fugitive from jus
tice of a State within whose limits he has
never gone since the commission of the
offense involves as great an error as to
maintain that one who has stood still and
never ventured within reach of another
has fled from him to avoid injury. One
who has never fled cannot be a fugitive."
LEES ON THE
ANXIOUS SEAT
The Chief Tries to Secure
New Evidence.
Vainly Endeavors to Use Mrs. Bot
kin to Support His Case—Drill
ing the Witnesses.
Chief Lees has made two or three fu
tile attempts to get a new statement from
Mrs. Botkin, but she declined to answer
any further questions. The Chief desired
to get her admission that she bought
arsenic at the Owl drugstore, but the ac
cused woman referred him to her law
yer.
The Chief and the acting District Attor
ney devoted the forenoon of yesterday to
completing and arranging the evidence
which is to be submitted to Governor
Budd on Tuesday. Miss Livernash, the
Healdsburg newspaper woman who inter
viewed Mrs. Botkin and also accompanied
her when she went to Stockton, made a
lengthy statement to the Chief.
Affidavits of all the witnesses are now
prepared, and all that remains to be done
is to give the candy-store clerk another
opportunity to identify the alleged poi
soner. Thursday evening Mrs. Botkin was
requested to don her street attire and ap
pear before Miss Heney. She refused
point blank, and the clerks wili probably
not see the woman they think bought the
fatal box of chocolates until she is taken
before the Governor. Last Tuesday, when
Mrs. Botkin was in Judge Cook's court,
the candy clerks were there and saw her,
but they could not swear she was the
person who purchased the pink box, and,
as this in a vital point in the prosecution,
Miss Heney and Miss Dettner will again
attempt to recognize some characteristic
which will enable them to state posi
tively that Mrs. Botkin is the strange
customer they waited upon on July 31.
Mrs. Rauof was at police headquarters
again yesterday. Her statement, given,
Thursday, had been transcribed from the
stenographic notes, and the nurse read
and signed it.
TO PLAY "HOME, SWEET HOME."
Irish Fair Will Be Brought to a
Close After Three Weeks of
Marked Success.
Admission day was duly celebrated at
the Irish fair yesterday. The attendance
v,an unusually large, both afternoon and
evening. The exposition proper will be
brought to a close to-night and with the
last no-tes of "Home, Sweet Home" the
fair will be but a pleasant memory.
It has been a success beyond all expec
tations, made possible by the unselfish de
votion of the Irish men and women who
have contributed so much of their time
and energy to the work Involved In its
arrangement and management.
Bandmaster George Bennett and aH
others* who have contributed to the enter
tainment of visitors, have arranged elab
orate programmes for to-nig-ht. The
dresses and the cheeks of the pretty girls
in the booths have lost none of their
freshness and all will be on hand to-night
to participate in the closing scenes.
The complimentary ball, tendered the
ladies who have been prominent In the
movement for an Irish Hall, will be held
in the Pavilion Tuesday evening
During the sale of Iri3h soil to-night
What Is Graphology?
Character delineations by handwriting
are among the most marvelous things of
the day, and probably throughout th<>
United States there is no one so adept in
the science as Town Talk's graphologist,
whose fame is not confined to local limits.
This week's issue contains a pays of
graphological delineations. The number's
contents include: Saunterer stories about
Tom O'Brien. H. T. Gage, Jack Cassr-rlv,
Fred Esola and others: editorials on war
aftermath, the Botkin case and other live
topics; stage and music reviews; por
traits of Mr. and Mrs. Frank Willey. Mod-
Jeska. George Probert, Lieutenant Ksola
» nd , others; "The Mislaid Bab,-," by J
Reed Dickinson; poems by Dr. Danziger"
Anna Morrison Reed and others •
Mexican Independence Day.
The eighty-eighth anniversary of the in
dependence of Mexico will be celebrated
by a grand concert and ball under the aus
pices of the Sociedad de Senoras Mexi
canas Beneficencia Mutua, Friday evening
next at Union Square Hall. The pro
gramme includes the reading of the Dec
laration of Independence, oration in Span
is v 55 yy w Sr -» Ca P ien Jimenez, oration in En
?., h X A - Campbell Jr., solos by Mine
Ellen Coursen-Roeckel. and many other
interesting features. The ladies in charge
of the affair are Mrs. E. S. de Elorduv
Mr s- L- Gosch, Mrs. C. Davalos, Mrs. P
A / ldra r de % Mrs - M - Pilla . M rs. C. Plllalon"
Mts T. Gomez, Mrs. C. Duarte. and Mr'
AMERICANS BID ON GLASGOW
CONTRACTS.
Some weeks ago the Glasgow corpo
ration invited tenders for the supply of
1000 tons of cast iron pipes. The two
lowest offers came from the United
States, but as the casting's were want
ed in nine-feet lengths, and those speci
fied by the Americans were twelve feet
long, revised estimates were asked for
and the amounts of the several quota
tions made known. The amended of
fers v.-ere opened yesterday, and an
American firm again asks less than any
of the others. As there are over 200
iron founders in Glasgow and most of;
them deal in pipes, the committee in
charge of the contract decided to leave
the matter over for further considera
tion.—Pall Mall Gazette.
Try the "Koh-I-Noor" lead pencil and
you will have no further use for others. •
"We have parted," said the girl with
the high brow.
"You don't mean it?"
"Tea; it had to be. He developed a
flippancy I had never before suspected.
He spoke of— of— er— the author of 'Quo
Vadis' as 'Snickelfritz.' "
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PUT THE MONEY~
SIN BANK.
f W E HAVE SUCH
. . confidence in our
V methods and remedies for
restoring partial or com-
L plete less of vital power,
T and curing contracted
jp ailments, that we ' are
j^fe willing to have the price
W for a cure deposited in
Established 17 Tears, any bank, or with any
reputable business man in San Francisco, when
treatment is commenced. If a satisfactory cure
is not made In a given time, the amount to be
returned to the patient. If the patient admits
that he is cured the money is to be paid to us
; No other reputable physicians have ever made
such an offer to the afflicted, and we could not
afford to do bo if we were not convinced, after
seventeen years' experience, that we have the
ability to make positive, quick and permanent
I cures. Nervous Debility and its attendant em-
I barrassments. Contagious Blood Poison and
other contracted ailments are included In this
offer.
If you want a new lease of life, we can give
it to you. If ; you want, to sleep sound and to
feel active, strong, full of vim. vigor and ambi-
tion, : test our' incomparable methods and reme-
dies. The experiment will cost you nothing un-
| less we do all that we claim to. ,
dangerous; symptoms. .
Confusion of Ideas,: nervousness, sleeplessness
absent-mindedness,' pain in the back. loss of am-
bition, drowsiness after meals, ■'■ loss of flesh
bashfulness, dizziness, palpitation of the heart
: and.. many others .of which victims are well
aware. ' - Tflflri f t tiffr UPTffi tl ITT TIMBBWd
FRtiu CONSULTATION. HOME CURES.
» If you . cannot come to San Francisco or call
on .a . part *of our staff when ; they make their
regular monthly, visits to interior towns, write
for private books, for men only, treatise on dis-
eases and weakness of men, question lists etc
all ■free.::.' -.;-.: ■.■■;■ -.-■-.. ./  • .'* :
DR. MEYERS & CO,,
731 Market Street, San; Francisco,
All dealings and correspondence with patients
sacredly confidential.; .. ...
Hours— to 12, 1 to 5, dally; evenings, 7 to li
I Sundays, 9 to lL : Take elevator. ,;;: - - :