VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 177.
SAILED TO MEET THE SPANISH FOE
flmid Noisy Demonstrations of Farewell
the Three Troopships Passed Out
Through th;e Golden
Gate.
BY HENRY JAMES.
AT last our soldiers are away on I
the broad Pacific. They went
from among people who loved
them and the fl;ig they have taken oath ,
to defend. They went as guns were
booming, whistles shrilling an adieu,
flags waving, colors dipping, women
weeping. They went amid the pray
ers of the people and a shower of bless- |
Ings. Their hist sight of San Fran
cisco showed them the hills black with
unwonted life, the wharves Jammed and
on the roofs of houses the silhouettes
against the evening sky of those who
»ent them forth to victory or to find
graves on a distant shore. Joy and
sorrow mingled in the farewell.
How shall the scene of their go- <
Ing be described? What pen shall !
portray the glorious sight, the beauty j
of It, and the pathos? It was long j
after noon. A rumor had flashed
across the city that the ships which
had been swinging in the stream were
to Ball. The people had watched the
soldiers go aboard. They had crowded
about the sons of California and Ore- !
gron and the faithful regulars to say a
final word as they passed through the i
streets, to give a handclasp, perhaps a
flower. They had withheld no tribute
of tear nor benediction. But now the
boys were going out the Golden Gat»,
dreary days and miles, and the hearts
of the people were touched anew. They
thronged to the water front by hun
dreds and by thousands. They car- i
ried the stars and stripes. With one i
accord they sought to make the last
moments of their boys a time of cheer
and laughter. What of the horrors of
■war and the bray I lives going to bat- ■
tie? War was over sea. Here was
youth and buoyancy. Here was the
good blood of the nation going to up
hold the honor of us all, going willing
ly and gladly. Did the eyes grow :
misty the tears came all unbidden and f
were hastily brushed away. Did a
lump come into the throat the sob was i
changed to a shout, and from the laden :
ships •would come a shout in answer, a
very jubilation.
Out in the bay were the City of Pc- j
king, the Australia and the City of
Bydney. From every mast waved the
flag. Into the rigging and upon the !
yard arms swarmed the soldiers. They i
leaned over the railing, hailed their
friends, Jested with girls who laughed
and cried. There was no sign of re- i
gret. Some, indeed, did look toward
the hills of the city and their faces
grew wistful, but only for an instant. ;
They would come back; of course the}'
would come back, and again there
would be music and the flutter of flags.
They would come back as hf-roes. They
did not seem to know that they wont
as heroes, and that the blare of th»
hour, the tumult was for them as much
as for the cause for which they take up
arms. The undercurrent of sorrow I
was hid depp.
Never in recent years has the bay
\\ppti so animated. About the three
ships there circled various craft, al!
full, all dressed as for a gala day.
There were bands which played pa
triotic airs, and one played "Annie \
Laurie." As the old sweet melody struck J
across the dancing waters, "I'd lay m*
doon and dee," It touched a chord so
tender and subtile that for a space si
lence fell. Brave, bonny lads. They :
THE TROOPSHIPS, OFF ALCATRAZ, HEADING FOR THE SEA.
The San Francisco Call
too, would "lay them doon and dee."
And to such as may hap to give th»
lives they offer so freely may there
come to brighten the bitter hour a
thought of the afternoon when San
Francisco bade them good-by and sem
them from her rich in an affection
which shall abide.
Every boat -which came near received
from the boys the order "Blow your
whistle," and the whistle blew. Then
from the crowded deck and the rigging
where they clung would come a series
of hurrahs, to which spontaneous re
ply was certain, and the clamor hardly
knew pause. There were cheers for
the Governor and the State officials
steaming alongside in the show of gold
braid. There were cheers for the
meanest boat afloat if only it displayed
the red, white and blue, and just as
hearty as if for the ocean-going
steamer moving with slow dignity up
and down. There were Whitehall boats
of the crudest type. One contained a
boy and two girls. They had some flags
and flowers. "Blow your whistle," de
manded the soldiers. The girls waved
the flags and tried to cast the blossoms
aboard the Peking. "They'd have
blowed a whistle if they had it," said
a Jolly young soldier. "Three cheers for
the Whitehall." Only one craft was
cheered more mightily.
The tug Monarch drew near. At the
fore was a flag upon which was the em
blem of the Red Cross. Then the sol
diers burst into a shout. Again and
again they expressed the rratitud'- for
the kindness and nobility that emblem
represents. They threw kisses to the
ladies — not after the manner of gallants
seeking conquest — but a* to mothers
and sisters, and I doubt not could they
have reached the deck of the Monarch
they would have saluted the women on
the lips with kisses as pure as they had
bestowed when saying farewell to those
of their own blood. And the salutes
would have been returned. The Man
arch came to the side of the Peking and
was made fast. On the forward deck
a woman who had been active in
Red Cross work, and she wore a pin of
the ord^r. A boyish soldier spied it.
He tipped his hat. "I would like to have
that pin," he said. She took it from her
bosom, thrust it into a handkerchief
and s»nt it up in a basket that had been
lowered. Then there was a scramble
for the token, but the one who had
asked for it got it and smiled back his
sense of gratitude and triumph. Per
haps he will find in the token some day
a comfort. It may carry his mind back
to a knowledge that he has a place in
the common affection. Keep well the
pin, young soldier. She who gave it is
one of many whose prayers will follow
you wherever fate may call.
Sometimes for several minutes the
noise would bp so de-afoning that the
bands seemed to he playing in panto
mime. Whistle vied with whistle, and
from every throat there would issue all
the sound of which it was capable. One
could be conscious that he himself was
cheering, but his neighbors' cheers he
■would have to take on faith. Then
there would be a lull, and into jt would
break the faint boom of a cannon. All
the while the men were laughing as
blithely -is if they were hound for a
pleading excursion, and through nil the
noise there proceeded the work of put
ting supplies on board. The Cty of
Sydney was ready, as those versed in
signal lore affirmed they could read.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, MAY 26, 1898.
The Australia seemed impatient at the
galling anchor chain, and the last barge
load at the side of the City of Peking
was rapidly disappearing within. The
tugs alongside were ordered to cast off.
There were a few blasts from the
steamer's whistle, a rattle of
steel, and the great ship began
to move. Then began a spec
tacle magnificent, profoundly touching,
stirring to their depths the emotions of
reverence and sorrow ,-md pride.
At first the ship moved so slowly that
scarce a ripple shimmered at her prow;
then faster and faster, until, "with a
bone in her teeth," she sped in the
golden pathway made by the sinking
sun, out toward the gate which guards
the Pacific, and away, away, farther
and more far from the tugs and
launches which hurried after. Smoke
poured in great volumes from her
stacks; hr>r towering spars grew dim in
the distance. Then the Australia
straightened herself out and came in
the wake of the Peking, and a little
behind was the City of Sydney.
Xo procession more stately ever
plowed the Western seas than that
which passed into history when our
boys began their long journey. As it
went the redouts of Alcatraz thundered
and Black Point and Fort Point ac
knowledged the event with their brav
est guns. The three ships drew close
to each other and so vanished.
Over the decks of the tugs dashed a
storm of spray, but it could drive none
to seek shelter. Every eye was upon
the trio of ships, and yet it was a sat
isfaction to look ashore and see the
hills alive with people and catch a
glimpse of flags and waving white. A
fog began to roll in, a cloud lowered.
It swallowed up the masts and then not
even the smoke could be seen.
Our boys had gone. The tugs
turned back. The wind died down.
The flags drooped. Voices were no
lonper raised. The ships fading
into the twilight horizon seemed almost
a tragedy. There was a sense of deso
lation and chill.
California has been distinguished.
From here went the first soldiers to
fight a battle during the present war.
From here have gone the first regiments
which in all the years the country has
sent to other lands to uphold its flag.
They were our friends. We glory in
them. May honor be theirs and victory.
THE GOVERNOR AND
STAFF SAY FAREWELL.
A Salute of Twenty-One Guns Fired
From the State Flagship and
the Transports Pass
Out to Sea.
Word was passed around the Inner
circles of National Guard field and staff
officers that the fleet for th-> Philippines
would sail at 3 o'clock in the afternoon.
With little delay Adjutant General Bar
rett, General Dickinson. General War
field and others boarded the Harbor
t 'onimissioners' boat, the Governor
Markham, and put off to th^ Manila
fl< • t in the stream. The tug was beau
tifully dressed for the event and with
the Stars and Stripes displayed the
Governor's flag. The band that has
been on duty f several days escorting
regiments from the depot along Market
street was aboard the boat and dis
coursed patriotic airs to tho delight of
the cheering soldiers on the big ships.
The first visit was paid to the City
of Peking. The tug ran close along
side the mammoth : amship and the
men of the First California crowded to
catch the news and talk to their visi
tors from the shore. <. neers were given
for Colonel Smith, Lieutenant Colonel
Duboce and the n Jors of the respective
battalions.
Th^ next call made was on the steam
ship Australia, where men of the Four
teenth T T ..ited States Infantry and Ore
gon Volunteers responded to the greet
ings of the officers on board the Mark
ham. Lieutenant Cloman, U. S. A.,
commissary of subsistence, was singled
out for an ovation. He ca:..e to the rail
and received three cheers from his fel
low soldiers on the tug. Cheers were
likewise given for the Oregon boys, for
the regulars and Captain Geary. The
tug then steamed alongside the City of
Sydney and cheered the brave men
aboard of that ship. The band played
the "Star Spangled Banner," "Ameri
ca," "Auld Lang Syne" and "Red,
White and Blue."
Meanwhile the fleet of visiting tugs
and steamers was constantly increas
ing in number until the ships preparing
to sail for the Orient were surrounded
by saluting craft. The music of count
less bands, the noise of numerous
whistles, the shouting and cheering, to
gether with the responsive voices from
the ships, made such a volume of sound
that individual greetings could not be
distinguished from the chorus of salu
tation.
The man at the wheel on the Mark
ham had his eye on the anchor of the
Peking and exclaimed to his companion
holding the whistle cord:
"When you see the ring of the an
chor blow the whistle for all that's
out." Presently some one remarked,
"There goes the blue peter," and short
ly the anchor ring came^ above the
water. This was the signal for turn
ing loose all the whistles on the waters
of the bay and the land of the penin
sula. Instantly tugs made haste to get
in line for the start toward the Golden
Gate. The Peking, released from her
moorings, drifted a half ship's length,
and then the stately vessel set her
course for the sea and soon acquired
speedy headway.
The superb steamship Australia gave
the flagship a chance to get a fair
start before giving an exhibition of her
own speed. The^style and go displayed
by the Australia, before the salutes of
Alcatraz had been counted convinced
the spectators that she could easily
l^ad the fleet to Manila, The City of
Sydney came along in good form, hut
did not give an exhibition of fast run
ning for the pleasure of onlookers.
Thf State tug Governor Merkham in
tended to sail close to the flagship and
fire a salute in honor of thf> flag at
close quarters, but the excursion steam
er Ukiah cut in, and the salute had to
be fired at longer distance than th-*
adjutant-general had estimated. The
volunteers aboard the Peking respond
ed to- the salute with prolonged f-hoers.
Hardly had the smoke of the Mark
ha.m's guns vanished when Alcatraz
paid a booming compliment of eleven
guns to the outgoing fleet. <~"heer after
chr-er from the men aboard the Peking
acknowledged the compliment from the
picturesque island battery.
When Fort Point was reached the
escorting tugs and steamers, finding
the pace of the fleet too fast f<rr small
craft, came about and sailed for the
nearest home port.
And so, as the sun was declining on a
beautiful day in May, the first column
of American soldiers for war in the
Orient sailed through the Golden Gate.
HTGH M. BURKE.
CHEERED THE TROOPS
FROM THE SHORE
Crowds Gathered on the Wharves
and Hilltops and Waved a Fare
well to the Soldiers.
All day long people waited on the
docks to see the three big transports
start on their voyage to the Orient. By
The California F^egiment t^e F' rst °f
American Troops to Leave the
Home Shores on a Foreign
Invasion.
noon the wharves commanding a view
of Mission Bay, where the ships were
riding at anchor, were crowded with
men, women and children, each armed
with an American flag and a super
abundance of enthusiasm.
Rumors were freely circulated that
the trwp ships would not sail until this
morning, but still the crowds waited,
their numbers being steadily augment
ed. At length the news spread that the
time of departure had been definitely
fixed for 3 o'clock and there was a rush
from all parts of the city. The docks
at the north end of the front were soon
filled and the entire length erf the sea
wall was lined with spectators.
< >ut in the bay gaily bedecked craft
of every description, from the bobbing
Whitehall to launches, tugs and steam
boats, were circling about the three big
liners, each crowded to its utmost ca
pacity with noisy passengers.
A few minutes after 3 o'clock the
"blue peter" was hoisted on the Aus
tralia, General Anderson's ship, and
when the seafaring men explained to
the land-lubbers that it was the signal
to get under way a shout went up, roll
ing along the entire front like a great
billow.
The Sydney, which was lying furth
est up the bay, was the first to get her
anchor up, the Peking following less
than a minute later, while the Australia
did not begin to move until the others
were well under way. The Peking first
swept along well in to the docks, her
decks swarming with the boys of the
gallant First taking their final leave of
hr-me. while in the bow was gathered
the detachment of seventy-five sailors
going out to join Dewey's fleet. The
cheers of the men could be plainly
heard even through the frightful din
caused by the whistles of shops, mills
and factories on shore and every steam
craft on the bay, all of which opened
up the minute thp ships began to move.
Further out the Australia skimmed
along, the Oregon boys vicing with
thfMr California comrades in answering
the parting shouts of the multitudes on
shore.
Hardly a mile behind came the Syd
ney, her passengers also answering
cheer with cheer. All three ships were
under full headway long before they
trot to Alcatraz, and they rushed
through the gate at a clip that will
land the slowest erf them in Honolulu
well within seven days. The opinion
was freely expressed along the front
that the Australia would arrive at
Honolulu at least ten hours ahead of
the others.. They will all make the run
at top speed and should be in sight of
each other for the next four days.
Perhaps the prettiest scene <m the
bay, as viewed from shore, were the
revenue cutters Corwin. Rush and
Grant. They were anchored off Folsorn
street, clad in their war paint, and trim
and light as ducks. When the trans
ports began to move the foreyards of
all three cutters swarmed with sea
men, each one waving a huge Amer
ican flag. The whistles of the little
warships joined in the grand chorus,
the salute being returned by each of
the transports.
Not until the Sydney was well out of
sight did the people abandon their
coigns of advantage on the wharves
and return to their homes.
THE NAVAL RESERVE
CALLED TO DUTY
Will Man the Mosquito Fleet and
Fill Up the Mohican's
Crew.
The call has come to the naval mi
litia at last, and the men of the re
serve will have a chance to see ser
vice. At half past 11 yesterday morn
ing Adjutant-General Barrett was
asked to furnish to the Government
men and officers to man the tugs Iro
quois, Vigilant and Active, and three
officers and fifty men for the sloop-of
war Mohican. By half past 2 o'clock
General Barrett was able to answer
that he had the men and officers ready
and that they would be mustered for
duty in the time it took to bring them
to the city. The call was for fifteen
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
officers and 135 men, and within three
hours they had been selected and had
reported ready.
The order for men came from Ad
miral John A. Miller, commander of the
Pacific station. In his letter to the ad
jutant-general he stated that the offi
cers required would be asked to pass
only the physical examination and
would have to secure a leave of ab
sence from the Governor for one year
before they would be accepted. Slight
disabilities would be waived, he wrote,
but would have to be noted on the ap
pointment, and under no circumstances
would a commission be granted of a
higher grade than that of a lieutenant.
In the request for men and in the
service which they are to be assigned
to the California Naval Militia has
been paid a compliment not accorded
that of any other State. The three tuga
will be manned and officered from alow
to aloft by naval reserves; they will
man the decks, the guns, the firerooms
and the bunkers, and there will not be
a regular man or officer on board. So
far the Government has contented it
self with putting the reserves on board
vessels partly manned by regular sea
men, or at least with the higher offi
cers drawn from the regulars, but the
patrol fleet of this coast will have the
unique distinction of being a militia
fleet, so far as the three tugs, so well
known in this bay, are concerned. They
will be attached to Admiral Miller's
fleet.
The draft of officers for the various
vessels is as follows:
For the Iroqunis— l,. H. Turner for captain,
rank lieutenant; T. A. N'erney for lieutenant,
junior grade; A 11. Elliott for ensign . H. P.
Gray for passed assistant ensign, relative rank
lieutenant.
For the Vigilant— W. H. Gunn for captain,
rank lieutenant; J. M. Squier for lieutenant.
Junior grade; o. R. Hammerer for ensign: Mr.
Kills for assistant engineer, relative rank en-
sign.
For the Active — T. M. Shaw for captain, rank
lieutenant: A. E. Morgan for lieutenant. Junior
grade; T. E. Armstrong for ensign; A. E.
Williams for assistant engineer.
For the Mohican— William F. Burke, lieu
tenant: J. J. Delaney, ensign; W. G. Morrison,
ensign.
L. H. Turner, assigned to the Iro
quois, is the commander of the naval2
A PANORAMIC VIEW OF THE GREAT ENCAMPMENT
militia and holds the rank of a naval
militia captain, of the naval rank equal
to a colonel in the army. In taking
command of the Iroquola he sacrifices
three grades. T. A. Nerney is the ex
executive officer of the reserve, and he
sacrifices two gradesi No rank was
designated for the officers required for
the Mohican, and so it is not known
If th<> senior ofllcer assigned will be
lowered.
Nine of the officers are located in San
Francisco, and these are available at
any time; the others are from the out
of-town divisions and will report at
(inc.- wh<".i ordered. In fact, the offi
cers from San Diego will start for this
city to-day.
The enlisted men for the Mohican
hrive already been placed under the or
ders of the Government, and the petty
officers and men for the tu^s will be
furnished as fast as the Government
calls for them. The Governor has in
formed the (Jovernrnent that he will
furnish any uniforms or equipments
thi* Government may call for, as those
in the hands of the reserve are all in
good condition.
PENNSYLVANIA'S
REGIMENT IN CAMP.
The Crack Troops of the Keystone
State Greeted and Feasted
on Their Arrival.
F the Tenth Penn
sylvania fall cap
tive to the Spaniards
as easily as it did
to the Red Cross
Society yesterday
the enviable record
they have gained
will be for naught.
But such a thing Is
not to be considered
as possible, for their
bravery has been
put to the test too
■ ften for any sane
person to think for
an instant that they
would yield to any
body of men on
earth.
Rut with women
they are as helpless
as babe , especially
when the women
happen to wear the
magic insignia of
the Red Cross.
The Tenth landed
at the foot of Market street at 7 a. m.
yesterday, and. as all who had come
before, they were at once marched into
the Red Cross headquarters and given
a breakfast ; h as they have not
tasted since they left home, and f.tr
better than any they hoped to get while
on the campaign. Hot bread and but
ter, fresh fruits in abundance and pies
and cakes of every description were
Berved, and the men ate until they
could scarcely raise their voices in a
>f acknowledgment.
Then came the brief skirmish and the
Ignominious surrender of gallant old
Colonel Hawkins. Flowers had been
provided as abundantly as food and the
ladies asked permission to distribute
them among the officers and men.
The colonel said "No," and he meant
it. Who ever heard of a regiment of
soldiers going to war decked out like a
lot of picnicking school children? Such
a thing was at.: aid and most unmili
tary. He was deeply touched by the
lavish treatment of himself and his
command, but h" would have to draw
the line .it (lowers.
Then Judge Hunt and J. B. Stetson
pleaded on behalf of the ladies. All the
others had been allowed to wear flowers
nut to camp, ami really the ladies would
feel hurt If his men were i I permitted
to be similarly favored.
Colonel Hawkins wavered an Instant,
then atti mpted to maintain his former
position, but it was too late. The ladles
saw the slight opening and stormed him
In a body. They backed him into a cor
ner and pelted him with roses until he
was glad to capitulate. A gTeat shout
vent up at the bloodless victory and
soon every man in the regiment had a
bunch of posies pinned, onto his breast,
another tucked In his belt, while a great
calla lilly burst out from the muzzle
of every rifle.
As for Colonel Hawkins, when he
mounted his horse half an hour later
and started up Mc-'-et street at the
head of the column he looked like an
Easter bonnet.
Those Pennsylvanians are a fne look-
Ing lot °* feUows and comprise the flow
er of the w.stern part of the Keystone
State. In Company I, for instance, there
are more than twenty lawyers and sev
eral bankers serving in the ranks, while
company Q boasts of numbering the
entire football team of the Washington
and Jefferson University, as well as
many more prominent college and ama
teur athletes. The other companies are
of equally Rood standing.
Colonel Hawkins is every inch a sol
dier and has been in command of the
Tenth for nineteen years, during which
long term he has seen much hard ser
vice among strikers.
The members were astonished at their
reception by the Hod Cross Society, and
a group of men asked a Call reporter if
the other troops had fared any where
near as royally. When told they had
been all treated alike they were inclined
to doubt it and thought former Penn
syivanians must tULVS made special ar
rangements for the Tenth.
When, however, they started out to
camp and witnessed the enthusiastic
demonstration In their honor by all
classes of Oitlsena they realized that
San Francisco's reputation for hospital
ity has not been tXMfger&ted. All along
the line of march the streets were
crowded with cheering thouMtnda, who
■waved Oaf*. im<i ihouted thetnMlTea
hoarse at the nun who had Hped across
the continent »t their country's call.
Carrf ■vvae not reached uutil ufter 11
o'clock, but the baggage had all arrived
so there was no delay in pitching camp,
which is located on the west of. the
Colorado regiment.
The Pennsylvanlans, upon reaching
Third and Market streets, were greeted
with an artillery salute from the top of
the Claus Spreckels building, and as
round after round was fired the men
from the Quaker State were Inspired
witli unbounded enthusiasm. Even
their mascot, a large black and white
dog, named Dewey, looked up at the
curling smoke that followed each dis
charge of The Call's cannon and re
sponded to each report with a canine
'rah. The Pennsylvanians, who had
much difficulty in pushing through the
dense crowd, were greatly pleased at
their enthusiastic reception.
CALIFORNIA'S QUOTA
OF ADDITIONAL TROOPS
Governor Budd Ready to Respond
Promptly to the President's
Second Call.
The news from Washington that the
President had called for 75,000 more
men and that California's quota under
the call would be equal to two regi
ments created joy in the ranks of the
National Guard. The following tele
gram was received by The Call at a
late hour last night:
WASHINGTON, l>. C. May 25, 1898
The War Department has not yet de
cided upon the character of troops to be
furnished by each State under to-uay a
call.
Governor Budd had not been advised
up to a late hour last night whether
infantry alone would be required or
troops fur other arms of the service be
demanded- The Governor remarked:
"California's quota under the second
call can be supplied within twenty-four
hours. In infantry regiments of the
National Guard are desired they can
be mustered into the United States ser
vice at once. If mounted men are
wanted three troops of cavalry seeking
admission to the service of the United
States may be mustered in without de-
California can supply additional
batteries of heavy artillery or place in
the field effective batteries of light ar
tillery." , ,
Last evening Governor Budd and Ad
jutant General Barrett discussed sub
jects pertaining 'to the transfer of
troops under the second call. W mle
the details of the conference were not
given to the public it was ascertained
that there was an expression of views
to the- effect that the Fifth Infantry
Regiment of the National Guard should
Rave an opportunity to go to the front
us United States volunteers from Cali
fornia. The opportunity may be af
forded for companies of the National
Guard in the Sacramento Valley to get
to the front. It is believed that another
battalion will be added to the Sixth
Infantry, which will make that organi
zation a twelve-company regiment.
THE SIGNAL CORPS.
Duty in Sight for the Signal
men of California.
Captain Thompson, signal onicer,
United States army, yesterday re
quested Adjutant-General Barrett
to submit the names of ten elec
tricians, twenty telegraphers and
twenty-five expert flagmen, as a
preliminary steps to the formation
of a signal corps.
TROOPS AT THE PRESIDIO.
The Eight Companies of the
Sixth California Expect to
Occupy the Barracks.
The <!• parture of the First Regiment of
California Volunteers, the Second Oregon
Volunteers an* t lit- companies of the
Fourteenth Regular Infantry for Manila
baa left the Presidio almost deserted. The
soldiers remainiiig there are four troops
of the Fourth Regular Cavalry Regiment
and eight companies <>f the Sixth Califor
nia, which are designated as the First
and Second Battalions <>f California \ •!
unteers. it is expected that these two
battalions will in the near future i»- con
solidated into an eight-company regiment,
and General Merriam is quoted as saying
that th.y will be retained here for coast
defense duty, together with the Third
Battalion <>f the First Regiment of Wash
ington Volunteers and two batteries of ar
tillery. The eight companies of the Sixth
California, numbering 6SO men, are under
command of Lieutenant-Colonel \\ . R.
Johnson. They have been camped in
tents for two weeks, but are expected to
receive orders to occupy the barracks at
the Presidio. They are in need of cloth
ine especially 6hoe6, and hope to be soon
completely equipped in this respect. The
men have been overwhelmed with contri
butions of delicacies, which are not con
ducive to their health, and Lieutenant -
Colonel Johnson, while admiring the sen
timent that prompts these- gifts, says it is
about time to call a halt, as soldiers can
not be physically hardened for military
duty on a dirt of dessert. It is therefore
likely that he will see at om-e that his
men "consume more substantial food than
cake, j>ie and other delicacies.
-•
SEVEN THOUSAND MEN.
Strength . of the Army Now
Encamped in the Richmond
District.
The main thing of interest yesterday In
Camp Richmond were the arrivals of the
Seventh California and Tenth Pennsylva
nia Regiments of Volunteers. Both of
these commands received a rousing wel
come from their new comrades, who lined
the sides of their respective camps to
| cheer the newcomers. Colonel Berry's
regiment reached Camp Richmond from
the Presidio about 10 o'clock and was fol
lowed an hour later by the boys from the
Keystone State under the command of
Colonel Hawkins. They were assigned
by Lieutenant Neal, U. S. A., to positions
on the extreme northwestern edge of
the camp and made short work of pitch
ing their tents.
The soldiers of the various regiments
are loud in their praise of the Red Cross
Society and the hospitality and kindness
of the people generally. Yesterday near
ly every one of the thousands of visitors
brought some kind of donation. Many
brought edibles, such as sandwiches and
pies, and others clothing and shoes. The
men are well supplied with provisions
and the various commanders are in
hopes that two weeks will see their men
fully equipped in every way by the quar
termasters department.
The general health of the troops is ex
cellent, and no serious cases have been so
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 26, 1898.
far reported. Private Smith, E Com
pany, Seventh Hogiment, stumbled over
a kuv rope yesterday and broke a bone
in his left leg. The injury is not a ser
ious one. and Captain Roblee says the
soldier will be able to get out in ten
''ifnVdaily dril'is consumed the l"»st part
of the day's work for the soldiers, and
the citizens of a month a«o are rapidly
becoming the well disciplined and drilled
soldiers of to-day.
The officers of the Seventh were the
guests of the two light Idaho batteries
yesterday. Mayor Phelan s^nt an entire
beef to the Seventh yesterday.
Adjutant de Ford of the Twentieth
Kansas denies the report that Governor
Leedy of Kansas was burned in effigy by
the men of his regiment because he did
not properly equip the regiment before
its departure. On the contrary, he de
clares tho men of the Twentieth idolize
the Governor, who did everything possi
ble for them. The fact Is Kansas has
only 1200 soldiers in the National Guard,
and these were very poorly equipped with
a scant supply of State property. There
was no appropriation in the State treas
ury to provide for the troops, but de
spite this Governor Leedy did the best he
could for the regiment, and even assisted
it out of his own pocket.
There are now TOftii soldiers at Camp
Richmond, including enlisted men and
commissioned officers. Their respective
Strength by command is as follows:
Seventh California Regiment 1026
Tenth Pennsylvania Regiment... 640
First Battalion, Wyoming 338
Batteries A and B, Utah 250
First Colorado Regiment 1008
First Nebraska Regiment 1022
Twentieth Kansas Regiment 1016
Thirtieth Minnesota Regiment.. 1030
First Battalion, Idaho 680
Company G, 14th U. S. Infantry 86
Grand Total 7096
In a week's time this force will prob
; ably be augmented by 4501 additional
troops. This is an approximate estimate
on the strength of the cavalry from Utah,
the Eighteenth and Twenty-third Regi
ments. I'nited States Infantry, and the
Dakota Infantry, which should arrive by
i Sunday. This will be the nucleus of the
30,000 troops to be mobilized here by the
Government, and from this will be taken
Th.- expeditionary forces that will form
the second column for Manila.
SEVENTH CALIFORNIA.
The Regiment Leaves the Pre
sidio and Joins the Camp
at Richmond.
The Seventh California Regiment moved
! its camp yesterday from the Prexidio over
to ("amp Richmond, where General Otis
! will establish his headquarters. Colonel
Berry had a talk with General Otis on
Monday In reference to Joining the other
forces that are now being concentrated
at Camp Richmond, and General Otis in
formed him that he would be ordered to
move if wagons to transfer his property
could be secured, but at 7 o'clock yester
day morning Colonel Berry had received
no order to move, and the llrst intimation
that he had of it was when he read In
The Call the announcement that orders
had been Issued for him to move. He Im
mediately gave the necessary orders to
his company commanders for the striking
i of the camp, and at 7:46 o'clock, at the
; sound of the bugle, every tent fell to
gether. The work of packing the camp
j equipments and baggage was accom
plished in short order, and at a few niln
utes past fc o'clock the Seventh fell Into
line and began its inarch to the new
camp. The soldiers of the Sixth cheered
their departing comrades loudly, while
from the Fourteenth Infantry a farewell
was blown by the chief bugler.
Camp Richmond was reached after a
* WASH PAY IN THE UTAH tfiM^
march of an hour and a half, and Lieu
tenant Noal assigned the Seventh to the
extreme northwestern end of the camp.
Colonel Berry's new homo in bounded by
A and 1< streets and by Fourth and Fifth
avenues. It is on a direct line with the
camp square, upon which General Otis
will establish his headquarters. In an
hour after their arrival the men had up
their tents and were working like beavers
to get everything in shape. The new camp
in some ra>pectfl is ahead of the Presidio,
but it also lacks some of the conveniences
th:it the soldiers had become accustomed
to at their first camp. Colonel Berry said
thai it would take :i day at Mast to get
his command settled down into their new
quarters and in working shape. Owing to
the limited space of the camp guard
mounting will have to be done in the
streets, while for drill ground the soldiers
will have to take a long march before
they can secure room enough to man
euver.
Death of Another Volunteer.
Henry Pruyett. a private in Company E
of the Seventh Regiment, from Southern
California, died yesterdsy in the hospital
at the Presidio. He contracted a cold af
ter arriving here, and despite the atten
tion of the physicians it developed into a
case o£ pneumonia. Pruyett, who was
about 25 years of age, has relatives living
in San Bernardino County.
Vote against the new
charter because the Board
of Public Works, the Board
of Health, the Board of
Park Commissioners and
other heads of various de
partments are authorized
to employ subordinates
without number at sala
ries without limit.
KANSAS VOLUNTEERS.
Loyal Ladies of California Pro-
vide Shoes and Clothes
for the Troops.
Tne Kansas volunteers now camped on
the old Bay District track have been
shamefully treated by the Government.
When they left their homes they believed
that they would be outfitted on reaching
this city. Through the red-tape measures
in vogue they found tv their disappoint
ment and discomfort on reaching here
that no provisions had been made for
them. Many of the men are now without
Bhlrts and shoes, and no one seems to
know when they will receive them from
Uncle Sam.
Mrs. F. A. Robbins of this city, Mrs. R.
Hickmott of Oakland. Miss Mabel Wat
kins, Miss Calla Hail, Miss Qeorgle Hick
mott and Miss Ella Garretson of Hay
wards visited the Kansas camp yesterday
morning, and to their surprise learned
that the men who save up their homes
and friends to fight for theirountry were
being treated with less consideration than
the average tramp. After leaving the
camp grounds they decided to appoint
themselves a committee to relieve the
moHt pressing needs of the volunteers.
They went direct to Koenlg'S shoe.store at
122 Kearny street and told of tho shoeless
men in camp. Six dozen pairs of shoes of
assorted siz-s were at once given them to
distribute among the men. This act of
kindness on the part of the Koenig Btaoe
store will be long remembered, noi alone
by the men directly benefited, but a
the ladles, v ho were so graciously treat
ed by the firm. The ladies then dn-w
upon their [private purses and purchased
a lot of woolen shirts and socks for the
men.
School Director Phil Hammond sent a
load <>r provisions to Camp Richmond
rday for the Kansas volunteers. Pi
rector Hammond will not forge: tie Kan
sas troops, as he was born in that State.
Tt is his Intention to send them some
thing to prove that, while he is now a
Callfornlan, lie has not forgotten his
birthplace.
The Nebraska volunteers received their
tirst pay yesterday since they have be* n
in the Bervice. They went into camp on
April 27 and were sworn in by the United
States Government on the 4th inst. The
officers and volunteers received eight
days' pay from the State.
DEWEY'S SUPPLIES.
A Determined Effort Made to
Keep the Manila Trade
Here.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation and tli.' Chamber of Commerce
;ir.'" d ilng everything In their power to
keep the supplying of the army and navy
j forces whom destination is Manila pj San
Francisco, where by right it belongs.
With this object in view the following
• dispatches were exchanged between the
; Chamber of Commerce and the United
States Government yesterday:
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. -May 25. 1593.
To Kpnn. Commissary General, Washington,
I D. Unjust discrimination against coast fac
i tories. Bias for shoes in accordance Govern
i ment requirements' declined. Immediate de
1 livery demanded. Contracts awarded to East-
I crn parties with time to manufacture. Four
fully equipped factories ready to compete on
! any-sized orders In time, quality and price.
i Free white labor guaranteed. __ _.„
! THE CHAMBER OP COMMERCE OF SAN
FRANCISCO. HUGH CRAIG. President
! THE MANUFACTURERS' ANl] FRODLC
ERS 1 ASSOCIATION OF CALIFORNIA, A.
SBARBORO. President.
To this a reply was received from the
commissary-general:
WASHINGTON, May 25.
; • 'To Hugh Craig, President Chamber of Com
i merce. Ban Francisco— telegram sent to
I Senator Perkins furnished me. The Subsist
j ence Department has not '. purchased for the
j army on the Pacific coast and that going to
i the Philippines any supplies whatever outside
of the coast, except some salt meat and canned
roast beef, and these two articles only after
I the markets in San Francisco had been en
tirely cleaned up, even borrowing- what the
I Alaska Commercial Company have loaned,
I through the kindness of Mr. Slow. This course
will be continued. EOAN.
-Commissary General. |
In speaking 'of this discrimination
i against Son Francisco by the Eastern
i merchants Oscar Lewis said:
The local factories have thus far been shut
out In the purchasing of these supplies. The
reason assign. ii was that the samples sub
mitted were screwed. It Is not supposed that
shoe manufacturers keep army shoes in stock
in large quantities for immediate delivery, as
demanded by the officials here. The complaint
in this matter is that since contracts have
been made the Eastern firms were allowed
time for manufacture of the goods, and local
bidders were shut out from competing for
these supplies. Considering that we have four
large factories here, fully equipped with the
most modern improved machinery and with
plenty of workmen ready to carry out con
tracts of any siae that the Government may
require, and guaranteed to he done as quickly
and of as good quality as they can be pur
chased anywhere in the United States, con
sidering the above facts. Is it not a little un
just, to Bay the least, that our coast manu
facturers should be discriminated against be
cause they seem to be so far removed from
the ear of the purchasing power of the Gov
ernment?
It is the Intention of this association to
solicit the co-operation of the Chamber
of Commerce, the Board of Trade and the
Merchants' Association in this matter and
control the Manila trade for this city and
coast, and especially that of supplying the
Government troops with everything neces
sary for their use. <•* •
NEWS BY CARRIER PIGEON.
Company 1 Has the Distinction
of Having the First Man
Seasick.
"City of Peking: About fifteen
- miles out and Company I has the
■ first sick man. lam well myself.
• With love, DAVE."
The above message was brought to this
city lat-t evening by a carrier pigeon llb
erated from the decks of the transport
City of Peking, ami is the first tidings
received from the steamer that is carry-
Ing California's representatives to scenes
of danger. H. C. Worth, a member of
the California Homing Club, received th»
above message from his brother-in-law,
David Fairbanks, a member of Company
H. The graceful bird that carried the
message is one of five that were taken
aboard the Peking and Australia for th«.
purpose of letting dear ones know what
la transpiring aboard. Colonel Smith
will aend an official communication
through this medium, as will also Cor-
respondent Poerenger of The Call. The
latter will send the first news when fifty
miles out and it will be printed in to
morrow's Call.
Vote against the new
charter because it allows
the Mayor to suspend and
the Board of Supervisors
to remove elected officers.
WASHINGTON SOLDIERS.
Company D Receives a Silk
Flag From Admirers
in Seattle.
The volunteers from Washington, who
' are encamped In Fontana's warehouse,
at the foot of Van Ness avenue, are now
beginning to disbelieve in the old adage
that "patience is a virtue." Not a few
of them have exhausted their stock of
patience, and are beginning to grumble.
They have cause for complaint. When
they left their homes to come here they
were told that they would be fully
equipped upon their arrival. That promise
lias not been kept. Not a few of them
are now without shoes, and in conse
quence they arc unable to drill. They do
in't iniml Bleeping mi the soft side of a
floor, but they do object to traveling:
around in their stocking feet. The officers
in command believe, however, that the
wants <>f the men will be supplied to-day.
Captain Frank E. Adams of Company
D of the Washington Volunteers was the
recipient yesterday of a handsome silk
flag-, the gift of the ladies of Seattle. lie
will formally present the flag to the com
pany to-day.
About thirty of the members of Com
pany G of the Washington Regiment are
ill. Their sickness is believed to be due
to something they ate.
CHANGE HEADQUARTERS.
Mejor-General Otis and Staff
Are Preparing to Move Out
to Camp Richmond.
General Otis, who since his arrival in
San Francisco, has had his office in the
Phelan building, will probably, establish
his headquarters to-day at Camp Rich
mond. The tents of himself and staff
will be located at the southwest corner
of the camp, close to the McAllister street
railway and within a short distance of
the park. As soon as it can be arranged
the headquarters of General Otis will
have not only telephone communication,
but also telegraphic connection. General
Otis has been very anxious from the very
first to have his headquarters in the field,
and now that he has got the first expedi
tion to the Philippines started he will be
able to make the move without much
further delay.
Regulars Wanted.
Major Robe of the Fourteenth Infantry
moved Company G of that regiment from
the Presidio to Camp Richmond yester- I
day. A recruiting station with Lieutenant
Hunt. U. S. A., as recruiting officer has
been established at the latter camp.
Captain Clark Congratulated.
The Chamber of Commerce, through its
president, Hugh Craig, sent the following
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Tbjfw- Si _\ ; '
simile y^T jT/fTyf T"^ *"*
dispatch to Captain Clark of the Oregon
yesterday:
E. C. Clark, United States Battleship Oregon,
; Jupiter. Fla. : Chamber of Commerce tenders
congratulations on your record voyage. Only
you are not privileged to meet Span
ish fleet. Then our battleship and our Clark
', would have carried oft all the honors.
HUGH CRAIG,
President Chamber of Commerce.
The Post, which is owned by
the Southern Pacific Company,
is supporting the charter. Who
paid for its influence ?
HONORS FOR THE FIRST.
A Graceful No*e of Thanks
From Colonel Smith to the
Governor.
The following letter was sent by Colonel
Smith to Governor Budd:
Headquarters First Regiment California
United States Volunteer Infantry, on board
City of Peking, May 24, 189 S.
James H. Budd, Governor State of Califor
nia: Permit me. by means of this, to acknowl
edge receipt of my commission as colonel of
the United States forces, which I have had the
honor to receive at your hands. To Bay that I
feel deeply grateful to you for the commission
which has ushered me into the United States
volunteer service hardly expresses my senti
ments, because in addition to the honor which
you have conferred upon me, you have conferred
which you have conferred, you have conferred
a very great honor upon the regiment which
I have the honor to command In the State serv
ice. Speaking for the entire regiment, both
officers and men, I tender you our sincere
thanks and heartfelt gratitude for the oppor
tunity which you have given us. The magnifi
cent manner in which yourself and the Ad
jutant-General of the State have devoted your
selves to the mobilization of the State forces
and the mustering of them into the service of
th« United States ought to be and is a matter
of congratulation to all Callfornians.
With the disadvantage of receiving your or
ders and instructions from Washington by
mall, and the delay incident thereto, it could
hardly be expected that California would be the
first to mobilize and muster its forces. That
it did succeed Is due to your untiring efforts,
aided and assisted by your staff. Had you not
worked night and day, wo would probably not
have had the honor to be the first state in
the Union to send a regiment to a foreign
land to plant the flag of our common country.
Neither the regiment nor myself will ever
forget your earnest efforts in our behalf, nor
the labor which you have unselfishly shown for
the honor and credit of the State. I have the
honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant *.:';•? JAMES F. SMITH.
Colonel First Regiment, California United
States Volunteer Infantry.
As a reward for the promptness of the
State authorities in getting the first
regiment into service as quickly as possi
ble California's first regiment finds itself
1 1 . . ■ s.-'iior regimeot of United States vol
u teen with its commanding officer the
senior colonel. It was the first full regi
ment to be mustered in. and It is the first
volunteer regiment to sail from a port of
the United States on a commission of war
to a foreign land.
GONE BUT NOT FORGOTTEN
The Good Work of the Red
Cross Goes on With Un
abated Vigor.
Now that the brave volunteers have
started on their long voyage In aid of
Dewey, the tireless workers in the noble
cause of the Red Cross are pursuing their
humane labor with renewed vigor. "Gone
but not forgotten,' 1 will be the watchword
of the society, and in carrying out its
meaning it will continue to look after the
departed soldiers 1 welfare. Aid keeps
pouring iri from every quarter, ar>>! the
indefatigable workers In the Claus Sprec
kelfl building and at 16 Post street are
overwhelmed with responsibilities.
ADVEBTISEMENT".
TATTLEIIEiT
Health foods are known the world over, but are not on sale at every place.
They are neatly put up in convenient sized packages for family use or trade,
and sold at reasonable, everyday prices. They are dainty and delicious for
ordinary use. No need to be sick to enjoy them.
A demonstrator from the Health Food Co. will show you these goods at
our counter and explain their uses this week, free of charge, besides afford-
ing you generous samples of same, and giving instructions how to use them.
It will pay you to come and see them. The entire list is on sale by us.
Caramel Cereal Coffee Granose Flakes Zweibach
Whole Wheat Sticks Granose Biscuits Granola
Graham Sticks Nuttose Bromose
These goods are widely advertised by those who produce them, which la
right. Even good things must be advertised to be sold, and it should be done
by those who make them or produce them, as profits are cut so merchants
cannot well afford it.
FLOOR MATTING 5c
This is the 12'4c and 15c quality that has been
wet and is not in as good order as fresh jroods:
only 160 rolls to sell at this price; $1 75 per
roll of 40 yards, all mixed colors.
HAND BAGS-." 40c
We have a larger variety of hand satchels.
tray lins biigrp. telescopes and carrying com-
forts than any four houses in town. You can
almost name your own price from 150 to $li.
HANDLE BASKETS 2c
100 of these to sell the little folks for the
home, the beach or the camp; regular 10c arti-
cle.
KLONDIKE STOVES $2.50
These are the celebrated folding stove #htch
others pell at $4 and $6. We have a few left
ar.l $2 50 is the price; do not pay more for a
stove.
We deliver goods anywhere in town promptly. >^
' 'Wo deliver same day in towns across the bay,
>BaßiB "! We pack sa^>ly and guarantee safe carriage.
Mm /Jx I»J We make a r eat point of keeping best goods.
■.laL ••-^JIESBEf/ V " want to lease buyers of all lines.
Y^h9|r&E9JE||S|J&j9^/ We c^-ect you to buy for your want?, not more.
V^HKnjS^r/ We understand packing for Alaska or foreign trad«.
\JS-^ /■■ All car lines bring you here for a single fare.
25-27 MARKET STREET, S. F.
So far, $26,000 has been collected, and 11
Is thought that within a very short tim«
tlii.- sum will be doubled, Judging by th«
iua subscriptions that are being re
ceived.
Benefits for the cause are being he!<J
daily, and are patronized by every one..
Tin- latest, patriots to offer their service*
in aid of the cause arc Mine. Doria, Fritl
i ami MUe, Pilar Morln.
Mme. Doria, who aS Miss Florence Joe
quay was a great favorite in this city
and Oakland, has -but lately returned
from Europe, where she made a reputa
tion for herself In grand opera. She has
an exceptionally beautiful voice, and will
afford music lovers tin- only opportunity
of h aring her in a mualcaie, which wit I
bo given at the residi n< c of Mrs. Fred
erick Belcher, 1143 Myrtl< Btreet, Oakland,
: ' ■"■ i w Ins cxi
programme will surely attract a lar^e
gathering of musk- lovers to the- affair:
Piar.o solo, (a) "Berceuse" (Henaelt), (b)
"Polonaise," Op. 71, No, i (< I pli k Mlm Clara
Jan.-t Penrne: soprano solo, "Ballatella"
("Paglfacci," Leoncavallo), Mme. F. Jacquay
■uartet, selected, U be Mac Cullen, Mlsi
Florence Conner, Miss Edith Hanks, Bliss J^m.
nette ' Patridgw; barytone solo, "Oh, tv
bell' astro incantator" ("Tannhauser, Wag
ner), Alfredo Doria; d««t, 'I>a ol
darem la rn.uu." ("Don Giovanni," Mozart;,
Mme. and Si^nor Doria; piano solo, (a) "Nachti
Murk" iSrhuniann), (b), "Impromptu"
(Chopin), Jlf-rr Arthur Fiokenscher; barytone
"The Two Grenadiers" (Schumann).
Sitrn'or Alfredo Doria; quartet, selected, Mi*«
"ullen, Miss Florence Conner. Miss Edith
Hanks. Miss Jeannette Pairidse; soprano solo,
"Air d'lsabelle" ("Le pre Aux Clercs,
Herold), Mxnet F, Jaequay-Dorta.
Messrs. Friedlander. Oottlob & Co. hava
fixed June 2 as the date of the benefit to
be given at the Baldwin for the Red
Fritz Scheel and his entire sym
nhony orchestra have offered their •ery
■ic.-s as haa also Mile. Pllar-Morln. Tha
latter will be seen for the first time hera
In a novelty sketch in which pantomime
work and dialogue are both combined.
Five hundred volunteers will contribute
their services in aid of the society in a
ter jubilee v.hich will be held in
Central Park on Decoration day. There
will be a grand military display and a
vivid illustration of the Red Cross on the
battle-fields. The ladies' military band
will render patriotic airs on the occa
pkm.
The Union Coursing Park will donate
the entire gate receipts received on Deco
ration day to help along the good worls
(if the society.
Attaches of the United States Apprais
ers' department in this city have unani
moußly a^re^i to pay into the fund «.f tha
• Toss $25 per month during the war.
When Pennsylvania's famous warriors
arrived yesterday they were given a sam
ple of California hospitality. To say that
they were pleased is to put it mildly;
they "were simply overjoyed at the gener
ous" reception given them by the Red
Cross Their fervor was on a par wiili
the troops that have gone before
Abdominal bandages are needed for the
late arrivals, who number 14.000; also flan
nel skull caps and night shirts for hos-
Dltal use The ladies are therefore asked
to ply their needles again and till the or
der Those who have no time to sew
would confer a blessing to others who wIU
by bringing flannel. 30 and 70 thread and
one inch wide tape to 16 Post street.
Mrs. Martin will give a musical at her
nee on Saturday to aid the Red
Cn ss Tableaux have been arranged and
also an excellent programme. Tickets
are on sale at Mrs. Caswell's on Post
Bt Mrs. Loryea will donate the receipts
collected at her new bathhouse at 222
Post street on Monday and Tuesday to
ciety. „ ,
•Vmong the large sums collected yester
day were: Employes Crocker Woolworth
Bank $2-3: Stockton Milling Company, MO;
Tlmothv kopklns, ?1 ■■: Weinstook & Lu
bin. 550"; John Nightingale, *2o; Henry
THitton $20; Mrs. P». F. Gilne, $50; Nolan.
School. $35; John Swett School. $30: S. E.
$60; Truckee Lumber Company. $50;
Bohemian Club, $300; Viaalia Bed Crow
Society ;2.":; 2.": A. C. I.arkin. SoO; Mizpah,
charity! 180: Miller & Lux, $60; Stock and
Bond * Exchange (second subscription),
$130- Golden Gate Parlor, N. D. G. W., $COj
JAMS OR JELLIES--- Glass 15c
Are fine pood? put up in the house by - man
of great experience in this work in Europe;
have been reduced from So; we ask attention
to them.
BOLOGNA SAUSAGE 10c
If you .ire a .lu>lk? of I'ologna we ask as a
IpecimJ favor thai yen san-.ple our offerings in
this line; OK udefl are not <»ur-
• ;.:..: the prices little
BK re than "ne lalt" you now pay.
LAUNDRY STARCH 2c
We want every laur.^ry in the city or Stato
t i bojr oar fine Rocßford starch at 2 cents in
barrel lots about C 2". Iba each; 3 cents in
smaller lots; credit taoUBM ask 4'' 3 cents.
CREAM FREEZERS $!,88
These are the celebrated "White Mountain
at the head of the list: JO lbs of icecream salt
free with even" freezer; do not be put off with
a worthless article.OF VOLUNTEERS NOW AT THE BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Archbishop Rlordan, $50; collected by Mrs.
Feder. $560; Ht-lllngham Bay Imperial
Company, $2.">: employes, $30: ladies of Ba
kersneld (by .Mrs. Dinkelspiel, second sub-
Bcriptlon). $125; L. P. Drexler, $25; Hamil
ton Primary, ?~-l.
At a meeting of the San Francisco Fire
olent Association the
sum if $500 was enthusiastically appro-
Cornia Red Cross So
and the association pledged itself
md ready at all times to give sucli
further aid us they may be called
A resolution was unanimously passed
last evening by the Austrian Military and
tion that they w 111
twentieth annual picnic at Ger
a Gardens, near the Pr.'sidio, on
29, the pro< eeds I i be for
•f the Red i • ty of
California. A large attendance is invited
:'wr the occasion.
GOOD LITERATUHE.
How It May Be Sent to the
"Boys in Bin . "
To the Editor of the San Francisco
Call— Sir: The good literature, committee
of the Gate Christian Endeavor
Union has for
■omething to supplj rea
■ soldiers, as
well a.s to tile seamen of the merchant
Bhlps. Tl owever, at this time
to devote specia on t<> the "boys
Id blue," r». >; ii I nd ashore, but
having onlj lin ties for sollect
nd delivering matter that may f" 5
having papers,
i or magraz - ecular,
with w hie . urt, to
send them to th nt camps of sol
■ ' i rge of
1 Btrlbuted in a • manner. If
reish their donat I go to the
United States sailors at the navy-yard
 Mare Island they hav<- only ti) tie
them up securely In bundles, mark them
.
nt Naval I'nion, Vallejo," and send
t Monticello, at Mis
■ wharf, where they will be re
• and taken up free of charge.
If the good literature committees of the
Christian Kndeavnr so
j. Epworth leagues and other or
ations of young people would take
part in tins matter and Rive
their personal attention to it the result
would doubtless be gratifying to them as
well as to those most directly benefited
by such effort?.
JAMES WOODWORTH.
Chairman G. L. Com. G. G. C. E. Union.
War incidents.
Court Penance No. 2.3, Foresters of
America, has resolved to maintain in good
. r>f? al! of its members who enlist
• i serve the country.
Contributions for the Kansas volunteers
should be sent to regimental commissary
, in order thru a fair and eq.ua.l dis
tribution of the supplies may be made.
At a regular meeting of the Norddeut-
Verein, held on Tuesday evening.
May 21. it was decided to remit dvi I
all men:l"-rs joining the army and navy
for active service. Several of its mem
bers have already enlisted.
Loyola Assembly No. 1, Y. M. C. U.. has
resolved that all members doing duty
: the Jlag of the I'nited States dur
ing the war with Spain shall be exempt
from all fines, dues and assessments
which may occur during their torm of
enlistment.
T!i.» members of Bay City Lodge of the
Independent order of Odd Fellows, hav
ing been apprised that 1 >. L. Badley, past
grand ■ ■ the Odd Fellows of the
State of Idaho, was one of the Idaho vol
unteers stationed at Camp Richmond, ap
pointed a committee to wait upon him
and Invite him to the meeting of the locige
held last Tuesday night and to extend an
Invitation to all Odd Fellows In the Idaho
regiment to accompany him. The very
cordial invitation was accepted, and about
thirty members of the order went to the
room. Prior to visiting the lodge.
the soldier Odd Fellows were entertained
at the residence of Charles S. Wheeler,
a member of the lodge, at his home on
Butter street. In the iodgeroom the visit
ors who wear the blue of I'ncle Sam were
cordially welcomed, and after the busi
ness was over they were entertained at i
a collation, when all pledged themselves ■
ane'H to th grand principles of the order.
At a late hour the assemblage adjourned ;
with three cheers for the men from Idaho
and thi for the stars and stripes.
A committee was appointed during the
evening to invite all Odd Fellow soldiers
to thr- meeting of Bay City Lodge next i
Tuesday evening.
The thanks or officers and men of the
First K< giment of Nebraska Volunteers
are extended to Redington ft Co. for a;
ipply of drugs, bandages, et^..
of which thej were badly in need. The
ent is in need of ten cots and mat
tresses I tr litters for the sick sol
(iiers.
The following telegram was received at
I lartera of the Seventh California ;
Regiment last evening from Colonel A. .j.
Kimball. U. S. A., depot quartermaster.
New York:
MEW YORK. May 2f.. 1898.
Colonel John K. Berry, Seventh He-im^nt.
•lia Volunteers, San FranrlF<-i>: Amos
\V Klmball ;i[>l> f >'-!itp<i assistant quartfrma-stor.
Kindly notify him. A. S. KI.MRAU,.
=: W. Kimball, -whose appointment
by the President is mentioned in the fore- '
going dispatch, obtains the. rank of cap
tain, and will doubtless be assigned to
staff <lutv. He was appointed by Gov
ernor Budd first lieutenant and regi
mental quart* rmaster of the Seventh
California Volunteers. The vacancy
.'. by his promotion will be filled by
t! .• Governor. Captain Kimball is an ef-
I officer, whose knowledge of duties
connected with the quartermaster's de
partment render him an exceptionally
useful m;in at this time. While Colonel
Berry regrets to lose the services of Cap
t,-.in Kimiiall. he recognizes that the good
of the army is promoted In his advance
ment.
Vote against the new charter
because it forfeits the check of
a bidder, even though he may
have made an honest error in
his bid. If a bidder refuse to
take a contract after award,
"under no circumstances shall
the certificate of deposit, or
check, or the proceeds thereof,
be returned to the defaulting
bidder." (Section 2, article 2,
chapter 3.)
DEMOCRATS WILL OPPOSE
WAR REVENUE BILL
~all Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 25.
Late this afternoon Allison of lowa,
to charge of the wax revenue bill in the
Senate, endeavored to secure unani
mous consent that a final vote on the
measure be taken on Saturday next be
fore adjournment. Teller of Colorado
objected. Daniel < f Virginia. In reiter
ating Teller's objection, sounded the
first note of delay against the measure
that has been heard since the debate
upon It began. He declared that there
was no emergency which required the
immediate passage of the bill and
frankly announced ihat if certain pro
visions in the bill jiut into it by the
Democrats of the Finance Committee
were not incorporated Into it he would
some amendments to the measure
that would probably precipitate debate.
strongly intimated, too, that if the
war should not be prolonged it might
' not be necessary to provide so mucb
| revenue as the pending hill would raise,
I and he indicated a desire to await de
velopments thcl in all likelihood were
! close at hand before passing upon a
: bill that meant so much to the people
as this one.
eches on the general features of
the pending bill were delivered to-day
by Ailen (Pop s of Nebraska and Caf
!'-ry (D.) of Louisiana. 1-Vfnre the reve
nue bill was taken up this morning
the pension de^ iency appropriation
bill was passed. It carried nearly $9,
000.000.
In the course of a long free-silver
ppeech Stewart declared that the reve
nue bill as it parsed the House of Rep
resentatives was "the most miserable,
villainous piece of legislation ever en-
THE CALL'S SPECIAL CORRESPONDENTS IN THE ORIENT.
r> tt LL eyes are now turned toward the Philippine Islands and It is almost unnecessary to say that the whole world will await with interest tidings of the movements of the fleet under laurel
n l\ crowned Dewey and the brave boys who yesterday sailed for the islands in the far Bast To keep the public thoroughly informed as to the movements of army and navy The Call is ruah
■) j\ ing an abU- corps of correspondents to the front— men of nerve and energy, who have also the ability to faithfully describe what they have .seen In a manner at once interesting and attrac
® /— 4 tive, but without gaudy and imaginative coloring.
®J^ \^ The staff will be under the direction <>f So] N. Sheridan, who sailed on the Charleston Sunday morning. Mr. Sheridan is one of the best-known newspaper men on the coast, and has served
(g) in the various capacities of editorial writer, correspondent and editor. Previous to his departure he held the position of telegraph editor on The Call, and among his many recommendations
® first and foremost stand that of absolute reliability.
® The world knows Joseph L. Stickney. His wonderful realistic account of the great naval battle at Manila was read with interest over two continents before the authorities were actually
® aware that the battle had taken place, and tho official naval dispatches did nothing but confirm the news sent by Stickney. Besides being a graphic writer he is also a naval expert of ability. He
(?) was stationed with Admiral Dewey on the flagship, where h>- holds the position "f an honored and respected guert. a man who can be trusted.
® kmong the bright young men of the city none was perhaps tetter known than Fred A. Healy. who for some months has been a valued member of The Call's local staff. Not knowing what
® mi~ht be in store for him he voluntarily gave up his position and donned the blue, enlisting as a private in the First volunteers. In this capacity he will be among the boys who do the fighting; he
® has thrown in his lot with them and is one of them In every sense of tho word. Added to his ability for faithfully portraying the important events of the war. Mr. Healy has a rare sense of the
® humorous and in this way may be able to give the friends of the California, boys a better idea of what is actually going on in camp than by writing columns of dry detail.
® The work of Pierre N. Boerlnger as an artist on the Pacific Coast is well known, and his sketches and cartoons have been prominent features in daily and weekly publications for several
ffl years Besides being a clever artist. .Mr. Boeringer is an able writer and has had some experience in the tield. He was at one time an officer In the National Guard in Washington and took an
® active part In the Buppression of the miners' riots. His sketches of camp life and scenes of action will be eagerly scanned, particularly by those who have boys in the field. Messrs. Healy and
® Boeringc-r sailed on the Peking yesterday afternoon, and will join the staff under Sheridan immediately upon their arrival at Manila.
acted by a legislative body." He at
tacked vigorously the bond proposition
<ft the minority of the Finance Com
mittee, and urged the coinage of the
silver seigniorage and the issue of legal
tender notes.
White of California, on taking the
floor in order to speak to-morrow morn
ing, expressed the opinion that it would
sily possible for Congress to com
plete its work and adjourn "within two
or three weeks."
The Senate then decided to convene
at 11 a. m. to-morrow.
Bills were passed as follows: Grant
ing additional powers to railroads
! created by laws of the United States
; and operating lines in Indian Ter-
r itory; and appointing commissioners
i to revise the statutes relating to pat
ents, trade and other marks and to
trade and commercial names.
At 5 o'clock the Senate went into ex
j ecutive session and adjourned.
GOSCHEN'S VISIT
CREATES A STIR
Newspapers Urge Spain to Construct \
Batteries on Heights Dominat
ing Gibraltar.
MADRID, May 25. — The approaching: i
visit of George J. Goschen, First Lord '
of the British Admiralty, to Gibraltar '
has created a stir.
The newspapprs urge the Govern
ment to construct batteries on the
height dominating Gibraltar, but it is
asserted semi-officially that the Gov
ernment will not commit an unfriend
ly act against England so long as there
is no proof of an Anglo-American alli
ance. If, however, such an alliance
should become an accepted fact the
Government would be "constrained t o
THE SA:tf FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 26, 1898.
adopt measures to secure the country
against the dangers of invasion."
Senor Sagasta has admitted, in the
course of an interview, that there arf
si imc differences between Senor Puig
oerver, Minister of Finance, and Senor
Gamaza, Minister of Public Works and
Instruction, but characterizes them as
scholastic differences, which in peace
ful times might lead to the impossi
bility of working together, but not at
the present time.
"At this period of storm and stress,"
continued Senor Sagasta, "both are too
patriotic to allow a variance of views
on economic questions to interfere with
thoir work for Spain. Therefore, I
am convinced that harmony will pre
vail."
In reply to a question respecting the
prospects of peace, Senor Sagasta said:
"Such a question can be better an
swered in America than here. Amer
ica is the aggressor. Spain is only
maintaining thp right of national ex
istence, which she will continue to
maintain to thr> Inst."
The advocates of the
charter are seeking to make
it appear that the corpora
tions are opposing its adop
tion. This is campaign clap
trap. Do not be deceived.
Read the document and
vote against it.
JIMINEZ THE SPY IS
NAVAL ATTACHE SOBRAL
NEW YORK, May 25.— Key West
dispatches assert that the Spanish spy
arrested there under the name of Jlm
inez is Lieutenant Sobral, formerly
attache of the Spanish legation at
Washington. He hud sixty maps and
plans of forts and mine fields on his
person. He will probably be shot.
KEY WEST, May 25.— The investiga
tion of the case of the suspected Span
ish spy, Komigro Seapatero Jiminez, a
passenger on the steamer Panama, was
continued to-day by tyhe Federal au
thorities, and brought out some new
facts. A search of Jiminez's effects re
vealed a cipher letter, which turned out
to he the key to fifty-nine charts of the
Atlantic Coast from Maine to Florida,
particular minuteness being shown as
to tho vicinity of Norfolk, New York,
Boston and Providence harbors and
the inlets around Tampa. All the Flor
ida keys and the Tortugas are also ex
plained in detail. A rigorous search
failed to locate the charts.
Jiminez swears that he was an en
gineer in the Spanish navy in Cuban
waters, but ran away in IS9O, since
which time he has lived in New York
at 77 Fourth avenue. An old sword
and a pair of new epaulets found in
his trunk, he said, were a part of his
equipment. Passengers on the Panama
say they recognize him as a lieutenant
of the Spanish navy.
GLADSTONE'S REMAINS
TAKEN TO LONDON
Before Leaving Hawarden the Body-
Is Viewed by Thousands of
Mourners.
HAWARDEN. May 25.— The remains of
Mr. Gladstone were removed this morn
ing from Hawarden Castle to the village
church. They were carried by half a
dozen old retainers of the family to a bier
on wheels, on which they were taken
over the lawn, past the favorite nooks of
the deceased in the park and to the
church, being followed by the family.
Thousands of people have been arriving
at Hawarden all day to view the remains.
Several ladies fainted from excess of
emotion when passing the bier, and many
men and women dropped on their knees
and silently prayed.
LONDON*. May 26.— Mr. Gladstone's re
mains arrived at Westminster, London,
to-day accompanied by Messrs. Herbert
and "Henry Gladstone. Mrs. Gladstone
will romo to attend the public ceremonial.
A group of thirty or forty gentlemen who
are connected with tho ceremonies, in
cluding the Duke of Norfolk, awaited the
arrival of the train at the station. About
2i)00 of the public looked on. The coffin
has been placed in position for lying in
state. This was done about 3 o'clock this
'morning when Canon WTiberforce con
ducted a special service in the presence
of Henry and Herbert Gladstone and sev
eral members of the House of Commons.
-•■
The $30,000 contract
Examiner says the cor
porations oppose the
adoption of the charter.
This is a lie, invented to
fool the voters. The cor
porations and corruption
ists favor the charter.
Read it and you will as
certain why. Vote against
it and defeat the gigantic
conspiracy.
WIDESPREAD FOOD
RIOTS IN CHINA
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
HONGKONG, "May 25.— There have been
widespread food riots in the Provlnoe of
Che Kiang, In China. The yamens, or
public buildings, have been destroyed at
Wenchow, and many shops have been
wrecked and plundered at Shamslng.
REBELS MAKE AN
ATTACK UPON MANILA
Rumors of the Execution of the Com-
mander of the Oallao and the
Conviction of Montljo by
Court-Martial.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Oordon Bennett.
MANILA BAY (via Hongkong),
May 25. — Arriving here yesterday on the
McCulloch, I found the American
squadron anchored off Cavite, except
one ship, which was patrolling out
side the bay. Foreign warshlpa
the Immortalite (English), the Bruix
(French), the Irene and Koermoran
(French)' the Irene and Koermoran
(German), and the Japanese Naniwa
and Akitsmshima, were anchored off the
city of Manila. The Naniwa had ar
rived the night before and at noon sa
luted the port with twenty-one guns,
which salute was returned by the shore
battery. This is the first salute the
Spanish flag has received from any
warships since the blockade was estab
lished. One Japanese vessel leaves to
morrow for Hongkong.
General Aguinaldo and twelve other
insurgents who came from Hongkong:
on the McCulloch were landed at Cavite
yesterday. They tell me the rebels have
taken possession of Sibig and have 30,
000 men ready to fight against the
Spaniards as soon as they can get arms.
A report was brought to the flagship
last night that the rebels had attacked
the Spanish outposts of Manila. The
Spaniards were found to have turned
the guns of their shore batteries land
ward for action against the Insurgents,
and the rebels made nothing more than
a roconnoissanoe in force.
It is reported that the lieutenant who
commanded the Callao, recently cap
tured, has been shot after a trial by
summary court-martial, and that Ad
miral Montijo has also been sentenced
by court-martial. These rumors come
through the crews of merchant vessels
still here, but I do not have much con
fidence in the accuracy of the reports.
SHEERER UNDER THE BAN.
Suspended for Having Pulled a Fa
vorite in an Oakley Race.
CINCINNATI, May 25.-Jockey Joe
Sherrer was suspended indefinitely to-day
for pulling- Rose Apple, the favorite in
the first race. Track fast.
Four and a half furlongs, Nervere won.
King Carnival second. Pansy third. Time,
Six furlongs, selling. Sister Mamie won.
Belle Chase second, Tessio L third. Time,
1:18%.
Five furlongs, selling, L. Pillot Jr. won.
Lost Time second. Lucky Jim third. Time.
1:03%.
One mile, selling, Henry Launt 111 won.
Kitty B second, Mitt Boykin third. Time,
1:43.
One mile, Belling, Plutarch won, Est-
Ne-Regina second, Caius third. Time,
1:44.
Six furlongs, selling. Marietta won, Ma
rito second, Allle Belle third. Time, 1:16^.
ST. LOUIS, May 25.— Weather pleasant;
track fast. Results:
One and a sixteenth miles, King's Guard
won, Virginia M second. Bill Dawdythlrd.
Time. 1:53.
Seven furlongs, selling, Imp. King Qold
won. Prince or India second, Os.rlc II
third. Time, 1:30*4.
One mile and seventy yards, selling, .Dr.
Sheppard won. Firbush second, Buckvi
dere third. Time, 1:47.
Handicap, five and a half furlongs.
Tlmemaker won, Miss Verne Becond, John
Boone third. Time, 1:08.
Six furlongs, selling, Chang won. Miss
Louise second, Stockholm third. Time,
l:l6Ms.
One and a sixteenth miles, selling. Baa
gull won, 9iva second, Tony Honing third.
Time. 1:60*4.
NEW YORK, May 25.— Results at Mor
ris Park: Five furlongs, selling. Belle
Holmdnle won. Bonnie Com second. King
Bermuda third. Time. 1:00%.
Four and a half furl. nips. Miss Clay
won, Merry Heart second, Frohslnn third.
Time, :54.
Half a mile. Ornamental won. Sacchar
ine second, Leopold third. Time, :A~\.
Harlem, selling, one mile. Lehmann
won, Damlen second, Bannock third.
Time, 1:4514.
Seven furlongs, Nearest won, Kenmore
Queen second . Juno third. Time, 1:32.
Selling, one mile. Marsian won. Squan
second, I-ouise N third. Time, 1:45^4.
Vote against the new charter
because it does not properly
provide for the maintenance of
our parks and squares.
FINDS A MAN CRAWLING
TOWARD POWDER WORKS
Night Watchman at Sacramento
Shoots Five Times at a Suspi
cious Character.
SACRAMENTO, May 25.— For several
weeks past special officers have been
employed to guard the powder houses
owned by local firms just outside the
city limits as a precautionary measure
against being blown up by Spanish
spies.
Chief of Police Dwyer to-day received
word from one of the guards, J. M.
Harlow, that on Monday night he saw
a man crawling across a field toward
one of the powder houses. He com
manded him to halt, but the fellow
failed to do so, and the guard took after
him and fired five shots from his rifle
at him. Harlow say? he heard the
man yell after the third shot, but the
fugitive made his escape in the dark
ness.
REPORT OF RIOTING
AT MANILA DENIED
Hongkong Correspondent Says Per
fect Order Is Being Maintained
in the City.
HONGKONG, May 2."..— Dispatches
have been telegraphed back from Eu
rope which announce that Manila is
going through a serious crisis and a
famine riot Is threatened. These sen
sational stories are absolutely untrue.
I have received reliable advices from
Manila, and all agree there Is perfect
order there.
.English residents of Manila believe
the insurgents will use the rifles sup
plied them by the Spanish Government
to aid the American troops.
THE CONTROVERSIES
WITH CANADA
Beginning of Negotiations Designed
to Bring About a Settle
ment.
WASHINGTON. May 2n.-The negotia
tions designed to bring about a settlement
of all controversies between the United
States and Canada was bogun at the State
Department at 3 o'clock this afternoon
An informal exchange of views as to the
extent and duration of the conference to
be held was had. but no actual business
was transacts in the brW time the con
fp pes r were together. They adjourned to
meet at the same place to-morrow at 2:oO
p. m.
SEEKING TO PURCHASE
THE LESSER ANTILLES
LONDON, May 26.— The Berlin cor
respondent of the Daily News says:
According to advices from Copenhagen
the United States hns resumed confi
dential pour parleurs for the purchase
of the Lesser Antilles, the Washington
Government desiring to get possession
of the St. Thomas harbor. The pros
pects are said to ho favorable, but Am
erica must reckon on a high price aa
against other bidders.
TRULY SHATTUCK ILL.
Has Typhoid Fever and Is in the
Buffalo Hospital.
NEW YORK. May 25.— Tr%ily Shattuck
is lying ill of typhoid fever in the Sisters'
Hospital. Buffalo. She had been playing
at New Garden Theater in that city when
sickness overtook her. She will bo unable
"to reappear on the stage for some time.
A ROMANCE
OF THE WAR
Engagement of Miss Ethel
S. Smith and Lieutenant
Lansdale Announced.
A pretty romance <>f the war was made
public yesterday when the engagement of
Miss Ethel Sidney Smith, eldest daughter
of Mr and Mr?. Sidney M. Smith, and
I lentenant Philip Lansdale. commissioned
officer of the Alert, was announced. T.ia
engagement was m;ul<- public in San Ra
fael, where the pretty bride-to-be is
spending the BummeT months.
Miss Smith is one of the belles of local
society ami a great favorite in the select
circle in which she moves. She has been
prominently Identified with numerous
charities ami h;is freely given her time
and many accomplishments in their cause.
Sidney "M. Smith is a prominent Son of
the Revolution and his daughter's patri
otism comes to the front in nor bestowal
of her hand and heart on one of Uncle
Sam's bravest and worthiest officers.
Builders' Contracts.
Wells. Fargo & Co. (owners) with W. T. and
R M. Velteh. contractors: architects. Percy &
Hamilton; all rouph carpenter work, sil rough
furrirffs. all window sash and pls.«s for ex
terior windows, chains, etc.. driveway, en
trance doors, loft doors, wooden floors through
out for 6-story and basement fireproof building
on XE line of Second street. 160 from N* comer
of Mission and Second. NE U2 by SE 160;
(14,50 a
34
SECRETARY LONG BELIEVES
CERVERA IS CHECKMATED
SCHLEY HAS
THE DONS
LOCKED UP
No Fear Felt Over the Possible
Coming of Spanish Naval
Re=enf orcements.
Preparations to Soon Throw Immense
Bodies of Troops Into Cuba, Porto
Rico and the Philippines.
Call Office, Rigga House,
Washington, May 26.
Although the Navy Department still
refuses t<. make, public its advices from
the West Indies, bright faces and a
• v air of buoyancy and exultation
at the 'lopan.iii.-nr t«-il the story better
than words. Although Secretary I»>nn
has Impi Bed a strict injunction i I
crecy upon his subordinates which
amounts to a censorship, th>- head of
the American n t quite able to
hide the whole truth himself, strive as
hard .-us h>- will. H<- Imparted to the
l< nt to-day two pieces of welcome
Intelligence:
First, that Admiral Cervera was. in
his opinion, bottled up in Santiago har
bor by "ur Iron-dads; and, second, that
the hig battle-ship Oregon has arrived
at Jupiter Inlet, Florida. In alluding to
tic- Spanish admiral's predicament the
tary fell easily Into newspaper
parlance and used the now hackneyed
expression, "bottled up."
To tin- pi ■ gpondents Secretary
Long will not admit that he has any
official or definite knowledge of c<-r
vcra's w hereabouts, but expresses his
opinion as "based upon a general
knowledge of the situation in the West
Indies." As Secretary Long is not in
the habit of freely expressing his
opinion unreservedly and with such em
phasis, it cannot be doubted that he
la possessed of information showing
that we have the hostile fleet securely
locked up in Santiago harbor, where It
can do no harm.
With Th<* M;iriila fleet annihilated and
Cervera'a squadron imprisoned, two
thlrrls of Spain's navy is effectually
done away with. Hut what if Spain
should send over her reserve fleet, the
remnant of her boasted navy? If this
fleet should threaten our North Atlantic
<-<>ast cities would not our blockading
squadrons at Santiago or Havana have
to be withdrawn? These are questions
that many ask.
The best answer to them is- a state
ment made by a naval expert to The
Call '-orr^spondent to-high t:
"Two or three of our vessels are all
that Is needed to guard the Santiago
channel. I believ€ that the Oregon
could do It alone. The channel is ho
narrow that the vessels of Spain's
fleet must of necessity emerge one at
a time. The foremost could only bring
her bow guns into action, while the
mighty Oregon could pour a broadside
volley of solid shot and shell from her
Immense ten, twelve and thirteen inch
guns. The Spanish vessels could be
Bunk one by one, but it would only be
necessary to sink the first one that
showed herself. The channel is only
about thirty feet in depth at its mouth,
and one sunken vessel would block it
and prevent the egress of the others.
We need not fear Spain's reserve fleet.
Our flying squadron will still be a free
lance on the ocean, and can take care
of the Spaniards wherever they may
appear, and at the same time there
will be a powerful squadron left under
Sampson's command for the bombard
ment of Havana."
This Is the situation briefly expressed.
The President and Cabinet, being well
satisfied with the naval Situation, have
now turned their attention to the pro
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Pretty boxes and odors
are used to sell such
soaps as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a
soap that depends on
something outside of it.
Pears', the finest soap
in the world is scented or
not, as you wish; and the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the box.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people axe
v«ing it.
posed Cuban and Philippine mllitary
expeditions.
The President's determination to Is
sue another call for volunteers was
reached at yesterday's Cabinet meet
ing. In a few weeks our available mll
• ■ forcf> will comprise 275.000 sol-
General Miles has finally been
sustained by the President and Cabi
net, and it is now believed that fully
ope hundred thousand men will be'sent
to < - 'jba, if necessary, twenty-five or
thirty-five thousand to the Philippines,
and at least twenty thousand to Porto
Rico.
It is certain that Porto Rico will be
invaded, the only question being
whether it will occur before, after or
simultaneously with the Cuban inva
sion. It is the general opinion here
that at least 2i.,000 troops will Immedi
ately be sent to Cuba, to be rapidly fol
lowed by other expeditions. Cuba will
probably be attended to first, for it is
well known by close friends of the
I'n-sident that since the discouraging
news received from Havana about the
deplorable condition of the surviving
reconcentrados he has been extremely
anxious to end this suffering by estab
lishing a base of operations and a sup
ply depot. He realizes that a landing
cannot be effected by a few soldiers,
and It Is quite likely that Instead of
sending to Porto Itico any of the troops
now mobilized at gulf points he will
dispatch them all to Cuba within a
very few days.
The thirty troop ships now at Tampa
have a carrying capacity of from twen
ty to twenty-five thousand men.
News that the Havana batteries are
being bombarded Is expected dally now,
for besides immediate relief to the
starving reconcentrados, if any now
survive, it 1b believed that the Havana
fortifications will be reduced before
Spain's reserve fleet can cross the At
lantic.
No credence !s given the reiterated
Madrid reports that Spain's reserve
fleet is destined for the Philippines.
The Increase of troops to be sent to
the Islands by this Government was
not actuated by a fear or this, or of
Spain's threat to send military rfin
forcements to the Governor-General.
But, as In the case of General Miles,
General Merritt's advice has been heed
ed. He is not willing to endanger the
lives of an inadequate force. Besides
our soldiers may have trouble In re
straining the rapacious natives, who
are, in truth, as much to be feared as
the Spanish soldiery. It is believed
that the Philippine expedition will fin
ally comprise .'ij.OOO men.
That the Cuban and the Philippine
forces are to be greatly Increased is
best indicated by to-day's call for 75.
000 more volunteers, when our availa
ble military force already comprises
203,000 soldiers.
California is to furnish 1942 more
men, under the call issued by the Pres
ident to-day, but whether they are to
bp assigned to the infantry, artillery or
cavalry arm of the service will be de
termined later, probably to-morrow, by
the War Department.
NAVAL GAME BEING
PLAYED AT SANTIAGO
Sampson Has the Option of Attacking
Cervera or Starving Him Into
a Fight.
ON BOARD THE ASSOCIATED
PRESS DISPATCH BOAT WANDA,
OFF HAVANA, May 23 (filed at Key
West, May 25). — At daybreak on Mon
day morning the entire squadron under
Rear Admiral Sampson was lyins di
rectly opposite the entrance to Havana
harbor, about ten milea off shore, a
formidable mouse-colored fleet of bat
tleships, monitors, cruisers, yachts,
lighthouse tenderß and torpedo-boats.
A half-hour later thick columns of
black smoke began to pour from the
smokestacks of the assembled fleet and
slowly, almost Imperceptibly, the flag
ship began to move to the eastward.
A number of vessels were left behind
on blockade duty, the acting flagship
flying a blue pennant. About two hours
later a large double-masted and double
funneled cruiser came steaming under
full headway from the westward. When
within hailing distance and without
slackening her speed, she exchanged
signals with tho acting flagship off Ha
vana.
Afterward the squadron was In the
Nicholas Channel, off Cardenas, head
ing for the old Bahama Channel. The
squadron was proceeding with care, for
Admiral Cervera had not yet actually
been bottled, and care must be taken
THE SAN FKAXCISCQ CALL, THrKSDAT, MAY 2P>. 1893.
lest the fix turn and dash out of Pan
tiago, around the east end of Cuba,
up through the Windward Passage,
and north to attack the cities of the
Atlantic <\rast of the fritted States. In
all likelihood Commodore Rchley will be
able to spring the trap and then Rear
Admiral Sampson may hasten to San
tiago.
A great game Is being played and
the situation is one of extreme sus
pense. After Admiral Cervera Is sealed
in Santiago harboT, the problem will
be, as in the case of a "varmint" caught
in a trap, whether to shoot or starve
him. In any event, Admiral Cervera,
It is believed, cannot r..ach Havana.
Two powerful fleets, each having fast
vessels, as well as heavy ones, each
able to destroy him, are closing In upon
him.
SANTIAGO CUT OFF
FROM THE INTERIOR
Insurgents Surround the City and
Cervera Cables That Supplies
Are Scarce.
LONIIpN, May 26.— A special dis
patch from Madrid via Biarritz says:
There has. been an active exchange of
dispatches between the Government
and the authorities at Havana and
San Juan de Porto Rico on the subject
of sending coal and provisions to San
tiago de Cuba. It Is alleged that Ad
miral Cervera has wired confirming the
report that Santiago de Cuba Is cut off
from communication with the interior
by strong bands of Insurgents and that
in consequence coal and provisions are
getting scarce and dear.
PRESIDENT JORDAN AND
THE NEW CHARTER
XASMIN HOUSE,
Stanford University.
I believe that the chief
cause of the failure of mu
nicipal government in the
United States lies in the
conversion of the public
service into patronage to
be distributed among per
sonal favorites and parti
san workers. The pro
posed charter of San Fran
cisco perpetuates this con
dition of the distribution
of patronage by individuals
and cliques. It therefore
offers mighty little prom
ise of reform, either in ef
fectiveness or in economy.
DAVIDSTARR JORDAN.
CAPTAIN OF THE CALLAO
SAID TO HAVE BEEN SHOT
Executed 3ecause He Did Not Return
the Fire of the Ships of Dewey's
Fleet.
NEW YORK, May 25.— A Madrid dis
patch says the captain of the Spanish
revenue cutter Callao, which was cap
tured by Dewey's fleet, has been shot
for not returning the fire of the Ameri
can ships.
Vote against the new char
ter because section 22, article
11, chapter 1-2, authorizes the
Finance Comn)lttee to ex
amine official bonds and re
port upon their sufficiency.
Upon reporting tl)em deficient
tt)e Mayor may suspend the
official and require a new
bond, subject to t)\s own ap
proval. By refusing to ap
prove a bond he could per
manently vacate an office.
Mayor Sutro at tiroes re
fused to approve bonds be
cause f)e K n^w nothing about
then). This provision ap
plies to elected as well as
appointed officers.
SANTIAGO'S
WELCOME TO
THE FLEET
Joyous Demonstration When Cer
vera's Warships Sailed Into
the H arDOr -
MADRID, May 25. — A dispatch has just been published giv
ing the details of the arrival of Admiral Cervera's squadron at
Santiago de Cuba. It says:
"At 8 o'clock on the morning of May 19, the Infanta Maria
Teresa entered the port of Santiago de Cuba, flying the flag of
Admiral Cervera. She was followed almost immediately by
the Vizcaya, the Almirante Oquendo, the Cristobal Colon and
the torpedo-boat destroyer Pluton. Shortly afterward the tor
pedo-boat destroyer Furor, which had been reconnoitering,
arrived.
"The inhabitants swarmed to the shores of the bay dis
playing the utmost joy and enthusiasm. All the vessels in the
port were dressed in gala array.
"On Sunday night there was an imposing demonstration
in honor of the officers and crews. The bands of the city
played patriotic airs; there were brilliant illuminations and
the people paraded the streets, singing patriotic songs.
"Admiral Cervera and his officers were given a banquet
at the Casino, where loyal toasts were honored. The principal
speeches were made by Admiral Cervera and Monsignor
Crespo, Archbishop of Santiago de Cuba, the latter of whom
exclaimed :
"'lt is not sufficient to be victorious on the seas; the
Spanish flag must float on the Capitol.'
"The squadron has re-victualed. Five vessels were in
front of the fort yesterday.
"It is believed that the American vessel Eagle has been
charged to cut the cables."
The dispatch is not dated.
HOW SANTIAGO
IS FORTIFIED
Information Brought by
Consul Hyatt.
POOR GUNS IN THE FORTS
ENTRANCE TO THE HARBOR
CAREFUXLY MINED.
American Ships While Standing Off
at Sea Could Easily Throw
Shells Into the
City.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, May 25.— One of the pas
sengers on the Boston Fruit Company's
steamer Brookllne, that arrived In Bos
ton this morning from Port Antonio,
Jamaica, was Dr. Pulaaki F. Hyatt,
United States Consul at Santiago de
Cuba, Dr. Hyatt left Santiago de
Cuba on April 7. when the United States
Consuls were ordered out of Cuba by
the State Department and went to
Kingston, Jamaica. He has been on
the Island of Jamaica since.
Dr. Hyatt is the best posted man now
in this country on the g-eneral conditions
prevailing in Santiago and the char
acter of the place as a haven for the
Spanish fleet. He sums up his opinion
by saying that If the fleet Is really
there it Is in a "very tight jug."
"It will not take long to Btarve them
out," said Dr. Hyatt, "and they may
easily be destroyed if they try to come
out. Although the entrance of the har
bor of Santiago is narrow, the hills
high and the channel crooked, I am of
the opinion that great damage could
be done the Spanish ships by shells
from our fleet. The range from the
mouth of the harbor to the anchorage
the Spanish ships will take is about
four miles. The basin where they niu?t
lie is about two miles long, and the
whole harbor from the entrance to the
head is six miles long. The town is
five miles from the entrance of the
channel, on the right of the harbor,
and the anchorage is off the town.
"The channel leading to the Inner
harbor is so narrow that in places two
ships cannot pass abreast. This chan
nel was mined when I left there. I
Saw seven torpedoes at the mouth of
the channel off Morro. Others have
probably been placed there since. The
fortifications at the mouth of the har
bor could easily be knocked to pieces,
in my judgment. The Morro is old, and
built of masonry. I have never learned
that the guns were formidable. None
of the fortifications there mount heavy
guns."
Consul Hyatt has already forwarded
information concerning the fortifica
tions and other military defenses of
Santiago to the Government. The only
battery at the entrance of the channel
having any special elevation is the
Morro. This Is about 300 feet above the
water. The other batteries are near
the water's edge, and the two inside
Morro can get a range if the fleet keeps
to the right of Morro. There Is a new
battery opposite Morro, but not for
midable. A Bignal corps planted on the
hill could get the exact range of the
town and basin, and could direct the
fire from the fleet.
"I think there would be no trouble
In getting an elevation on the guns of
the ships sufficient to drop the shells
right on the decks of the Spanish fleet,"
eaid Mr. Hyatt.
Advances made on furniture an<s pianos, wltli
or without removal. J. Koonao, 1017-1023 Mission.
SLAUGHTER OF
MISSIONARIES
Cruel Acts of Insurgents
of Sierra Leone.
; CAIN'S PARTY MURDERED
THREE WOMEN NOT SPARED
BY THE BLACKS.
Five Persons Who Went to Enlighten
the Natives Become Victims of
Their Prejudice and
Fury.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, May 25.— A letter received
\in this city from Sierra Leone, west
coast of Africa, Fays that a Manina
native who was with the American mis
sionaries at Rotufunk when they were
massacred by the insurgents, but who
; made his escape by resuming his native
garb, furnishes the following account of
; the tragedy:
"We started to walk to Sierra Leone,
but had only gone half a mile when wo
met war boys who blocked the way.
i Rev. Mr. Cain tried to frighten tlvem
I by firing a revolver over their heads,
I but, ?peing th y were determined to do
' mischief, he cast his revolver away and
; said he would not have anybody's blood
', on his hands.
"The war boys then seized the party.
Including Misses Hntfield, Archer and
Kent (Schenck), stripped them of their
clothing, dragged them back to the
mission house, in front of which the
war boys cut down Rev. Mr. Cain and
hacked him to death and then treated
Miss Archer and Miss Kent (Schenck)
in the same way.
"Miss Hatfleld, who was very 111, was
thrown on a barbed wire netting and
finally her throat was cut. Mrs. Cain
escaped to the bush with a native girl,
but the war boys went out seeking for
them and they were afterward killed."
Vote against the new charter
because it reduces the appro
priation for school teachers'
salaries $173,000. This will
cripple the schools and render
it necessary to discharge many
teachers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
polar^beaOine
First Class $200 To Dawson.
ALASKA-YUKON TRANSPORTATION CO.
LAST CHANCE J° h n e ft ß^c?. a 8! on ' Steam " ?or FirBt th p
THE NEW, ELEGANT ELECTRIC-LIGHTED
STEAMER "NATIONAL CITY"
WILL BE DISPATCHED
aWffi MAY 31, 1898, for DAWSON CITY,
CONNECTING AT ST. MICHAEL WITH OUR FLEET
- OF RIVER STEAMERS FOR ALL YUKON POINTS.
THE WORLD-FAMOUS -**. FYPFI tf\l9 " SAILS JUNE 3
OCEAN STEAMER LAv£-L3/Uli Fop Above Points
IJDFF 250 POUNDS OF BAGGAGE. OUR RIVER STEAMERS ARE
nT.CL. Iso LIMIT TO EXCESS. THE FINEST ON THE YUKON.
THE LOWEST OF FREIGHT RATES CAN, BE OBTAINED.
GENERAL OFFICE 3 STEUART ST., SAN FRANCISCO.
HOLDS KEY
TO NAVAL
SITUATION
Schley Has Locked Up
Spanish Squadron
at Santiago.
Will Reduce the Fortifica
tions, While Sampson
Bombards Havana.
NEW YORK, May 25.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
senda the following: Commodore Schley
still holds the key to the naval situa
tion in the West Indies. He has lock
ed up the Spanish squadron in the har
bor of Santiago de Cuba, and 1b under
orders to make as impossible as cir
cumstances will permit the escape of
any of the enemy's fleet by destroying
the enemy's fortifications, so that the
blockade may be sustained.
The examination of Santiago de
Cuba, which has been made by the Na
val War Board, has convinced it that
it Is absolutely necessary for Commo
dore Schley to destroy the batteries
protecting the channel so that he may
institute and maintain a thorough
blockade. It is not forgotten by the
authorities that besides the four arm
ored cruisers. Admiral Cervera has un
der his command two torpedo-boat de
stroyers. It is the peculiar work of
such craft to sneak out at night under
the cover of shore batteries and dis
charge a torpedo at an enemy's man
of-war. Fi r the protection of the
American ships it is necessary, there
fore, for Commodore Schley to destroy
the fortifications of Morro Castle and
Cimom-s Point, situated on the oppo
site shores of the channel. These for
tifications are on plateaus, whose sea
sides slope rapidly to the sea. Reports
show that Santiago is defended only by
half a dozen modern guns, the re
mainder being old smooth bores mount
ed on masonry fortifications. Pome
officers with whom I talked to-day sug
gested that the Spaniards had masked
batteries near the mouth of the chan
nel, but did not care to expose their
location by firing upon the St. Loufs.
Rear Admiral Sampson, with a strong
naval force, is lying off the north
coast of Cuba, prepared to bombard
Havana the moment the military in
vasion is commenced. Voluminous in
structions have been sent to Admiral
Sampson in care ot Commodore Remey
at Key West, but their purport is a
secret which the Xaval War Board de
clines to share with any other than the
President and Secretary Long.
As the Herald has stated. Secretary
I^ong has distributed the naval ships
which will be employed to convoy
troop ships to Cuba, and upon their.,
arrival at the point selected, they will
assist the vessels equipped with heav
ier guns to pave the way for the disem
barkation of the troops.
All that can be said with definiteness
concerning the point selected as the
landing place of the army is that it is
in the immediate vicinity of Havana.
General Blanco's military activity has
caused him to stretch telegraph wires
all along the coast, and this signal sys
tem if expected to notify him at once of
any attempt to land troops. It is there- i
fore expected that if General Blanco I
learns the destination of the American ■
army of invasion he will concentrate
his troops at that point. The authori
ties have not neglected the perfection
of their programme, which co-ntem
plates the drawing of General Blanco i
off on a false scent, and Admiral I
Sampson will be entrusted with the '
duty of carrying this into effect. He
will, of course, be charged with the pro- j
tection of troops while going ashore,
and furthermore, will be required to
commence the bombardment of Havana
as soon as the forward movement
against that city by American troops
commences.
ARTIFICIAL EYES WHICH
DO NOT DISFIGURE
SACRAMENTO, May 25.— The second
day's session of the Eclectic Medical So
ciety of California was called to order by
President John Fearn this morning. Dr.
H. T. Webster of San Francisco read an
Interesting paper on "Hospital Practice."
Dr. M. H. I,ogan explained the physi
ological action of the different anaes
thetics. In the discussion which follnw<-d
Drs. Mealand. Hamilton, Murray, Gere
and Fearn participated.
Dr. F. Cornwall of San Francisco pre
sented for examination a patient whose
eye he had removed by Mule's method
The operation as ordinarily perform, d
consists of the complete removal of th*
eyeball. In this case just the cornea wag
taken away, and after the contents of the
eyeball were removed a glass spheel wad
inserted. The front of the .-:.• I] of the
eye was closed by sutures. The artificial
eye adjusted over this has the perfect
movement of the natural eye and does
not sink into the orbit as by the old
method.
Dr. W. M. Mason of Lodi read a paper
on "The Medical Treatment of Ap
pendicitis."
Dr. W. H. Henderson of Sacramento
read a paper on "Rhus TriloViata." and
Dr. Webster of San Francisco one on
"Rhus Tox," in which he advised many
new uses for the remedy. Dr. r pmann
of San Francisco presented his views on
"Passlflora vs. Potass! Bromldum." Dr.
G. G. Gere of San Francisco read a paper
on "Technique in the Ooeration for Ap
pendicitis." Dr. C. E. Bainbrtdere of
Sacramento read a paper on "Surgical
Erysipelas."
The evening session was devoted to the
annual meeting of the Alumni Associa
tion of the California Medical College.
Following the alumni meeting _oame a
general discussion of various subjects; in
cluding the sanitary qualities and con
ditions of Sacramento River water.
HX?T 12
The many men of this world
who suffer from the effects of
foolish practices would make an
army. But it would be an army
of weaklings. It could accom-
plish nothing if called upon. These
half-men are not full of the fire
that it takes to make a good
soldier. They feel at all times
as though they need help. And
quite often they fear that they
will never be able to get any.
Early follies may be made up for,
though, if you only seek help
where you are certain to find it.
The moment that you feel that
you are being assisted you begin
to
I HOPE
You see the trembling limbs and
the weary and worn feeling go-
ing. You feel new life and new
vigor coming. The blood is bound-
ing in every vein of your frame
and your muscles tingle with the
fire of youth. What is there
which will make such a transfor-
mation in men who have abused
strength instead of using it?
"Hudyan." That word is magic
to thousands of ears. *,' Hudyan"
has made 20,000 men. It is na-
ture's remedy for depleted man-
hood. Write and ask for free
circulars and testimonials telling
you what it has done. No cent
of cost to you. The best medi-
cal advice in the world is free
as well. Get back to
rLIFITI
All forms of blood tnlnt "are eradicated by
; "30-day blood cure." You should ask for cir-
j culars about It. They are free. too. The poi-
son Us driven clear out of the system. No after
; effects at all. '
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS.,
San Francisco.
HBIIiEiIBEE
I HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper-
Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores, Ulcer*
In Mouth, Hair-Falling! Write COOK iiKM-
KDY CO., 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI-
CAGO, ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital
115003)00. Worst cases cured In 15 to 36 days.
100-page boo* f reo.
flFEffiS DR. HALL'S REIN VIGOR ATOR
bQT|MB| Five hundred reward for any caso
s"* "TJ *■•* cannot cure. This secret remedy
m '■.'.. H utops nil losses In 24 hours, cures
ttkiSj Kjjifl Kiiilsstons, Impotency, Vartcocele,
! fTJTTI C^vtfl Oonorrhoon, Gleet, Fits, Strictures,
i ■■■] MMM '" st Manhood mid all wasting ef-
3?raM__23rafi lei "- s of self-nliuse or excesses. Sont
EBSSaBSaEGI sealed. $2 bottl»>: 3 bottles. $5; truar-
un; -i to our*. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN- -
BTITUTB, 885 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also
for sale «.t 1073^4 Market st., 8. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
6LEDS. BOATS' ETC.
ARCTIC sleds, Arctic dogs, Youkon boats,
pilot rraps to the Klondike, Alaiskc. outfits,
steam launches and stern-wheel steamer*, with
boilers suitable to burn wood: 50 boats can be
seen at salesroom. O. W. ICNEASS, 718 Third
st. 'Phone Red 2361. ■. __ .SEVENTY-FIVE THOUSAND
TROOPS ARE CALLED FOR
CITIZEN SOLDIERS
NOW NEEDED FOR A
SECOND RESERVE
California Is Required to Furnish Nearly
Two Thousand Men for Future
Campaigns in the War
With Spain.
Call Office, Rtggs Hems
Washington, May 26.
The event of the flay in the war situ
ation was the issuance of a proclama
tion by the President (jailing for 76,000
more volunteers. It added a new and
stirring phase to the lethargic condi
tions which have prevailed of late and
came with almost startling unexpected
ness, even to many of the high offi
cials in the army.
The proclamation means not only the j
assembling of a large force of troops,
but also the appointment of a number
of major-generals, brigadier-generals,
colonels, majors, staff and field offi
cers, for the organization of this addi
tional force of 75,000 men into army :
corps, divisions, brigades and regi- '
ments. The reasons leading up to the \
call naturally were sources of much i
conjecture, as it was at first felt that
the possibility of foreign complications
was a factor in bringing about this
new move. It speedily developed, how
ever, that the call was not due to any
latent or serious emergency, but was
rather in the line of getting together
a large body of men, to be drilled and
seasoned, and to constitute a second
STRENGTH OF THE ARMY
WASHINGTON, May 25.—Adjutant-Gen
eral Corbin bas prepared a statement
showing th>at the strength of the military
forces of trje United States, when organ
ized in accordance with tr;e plans now
under way, will be as follows: Regular
army, 62,000 men; volunteers, frorr) States
(first call), 125,000 men ; tbree cavalry regi
ments at large, 3000 roen; ten infantry
regiments, United States volunteers (in)
munes), 10,000; engineers at large, 3500;
volunteers called for to-day, 75,000. This
makes a total of 278,500 rr>en.
MARTIAL LAW
BADLY NEEDED
State of Terror Exists
at Key West.
MANY CRIMES COMMITTED
TOWN OVERRUN BY TOUGH
CHARACTERS.
TJncle Sam Called Upon to Check the
Reign of Murder, Robbery
and General Law
lessness.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KEY WEST, Fla., May 25, 10 a. m.—
Key West is suffering from a reign of
terror. Two murders were committed
during the night, and the best citizens
feel that unless the town is promptly
put uncirr martial law a state of riot
may prevail at any moment. The po
lice force consists of three men, and
■with streets and grog shops Infested
with turbulent jackies, negroes and
roughs of many classes, the danger to
the respectable classes is no mean one.
In consequence of last night's blood
shed Commander Forsythe has already
asked for a guard of twenty-five ma
rines to protect the naval station and
Government dock, and strong efforts
are being made by citizens to have
martial law declared.
While William Came, a seaman on
the auxiliary gunboat Morrlll, and I
Vladimir Ichnitski, a sailor of another
gunboat, were sitting in a Cuban eof- )
fee shop last night Charles Kitchen, a
local negro, approached, bearing a rifle
on his shoulder, and without a word
of warning he aimed it at the sailors
and fired. One shot struck the Russian
on the back of the neck, inflicting a
wound from which he died at the hospi
tal a few hours later. A second shot
grazed Carne's forehead, and as the
latter leaped to his feet the negro clos
(ed in on him and beat him on the head
vith the butt of his rifle until the stock
of the weapon broke, and the sailor lay
senseless. The people that witnessed
the affair made no attempt to Inter
fere and Kitchen escaped.
Sheriff Knight organized a posse and
■pent the night In pursuit of Kitchen, 1
reserve to be drawn upon later when
the campaigns were fully under way.
Secretary Alger stated that the deter
mination to Issue the call had not been
reached until late yesterday. The merits
of it have been canvassed more or less
for some weeks, but it was not until a
few hours before the call itself ap
peared that the move was finally de
cided upon.
Coining thus unexpectedly the "War
Department had made no preparations j
for executing the call and it will be
some days before the details are worked
out as to the quotas from each State,
the calls to the respective Governors
of States, the mustering points and the
general points of concentration. All
that is settled thus far Is that the en
listments are to be thrown open, much
as they were at the outbreak of the
Civil War, and are not to be restricted |
to the militia and National Guard or- I
ganizatlons of the several States. It
will be an encouragement to the organ- j
ization of Independent volunteer com- j
panics and regiment?. These will re
tain their identity to a certain extent j
as State troops, as the Governors will |
have the appointment of all company i
and regimental officers, while only the j
brigade, division, corps and staff offl- ,
cers will be- appointed by the Presi- j
dent.
He was found in a lot early this morn
inp, but dashed into a doorway, es
caped through the house and had not
been captured up to 10 o'clock. The di
rect cause of the shooting is uncertain,
but it is said to have been Kitchen's
jealously of his wife.
The victim of the second crime was
John J. Doraey, a reputable machinist,
of Manatee, Fla~, about 55 years of age.
He was fi/und dead early this morning
in a vacant lot near the Key West Ho
teL There were blood stains on his
iip;id and bruises on his face and neck.
Dorsey was a man of family and owned
an orange grove at Manatee. He re
cently came here and secured a Gov
ernment job. He was paid off yester
day, and, after paying his board bill,
hud seven or eight dollars in his posses
sion. After a lively drinking bout in a
tavern a fvvv yards from the lot where
his body was found Dorsey left the
place and was followed by C. Wallace,
and was followed by Charles Wallace,
a coachman, and leader of the "Bottle
Gang, " an organization of Key West
toughs. Nothing was seen of the two
men until the body was found this
morning with the money gone. Wal
lace was soon afterward arrested. The
employes of the hotel say that they
heard a shot, and a revolver with one
empty chamber was found on Wallace.
He denies any knowledge of the killing,
but he said to the Sheriff: "You need
not be afraid the old man was shot. He
was choked to death." An examination
of the body showed that this was prob
ably correct.
The municipal conditions here would
be classed as grotesque normally, to
say nothing of wartimes. How long
they have existed is a puzzle, but they
first became manifest soon after the ar
rival here of the troops of the colored
Twenty-fifth Infantry. One of the so-1
diers became involved in a shooting
affair on the street and was lodged in
the county Jail. Half an hour later a
body of companions, with rifles,
marched on the jail and forcibly liber
ated him, the Sheriff bf-ing powerless to
prevent them. Since then this harbor
has become the base of operations for
a number of free-and-<-asy saloons,
crowded night after night with "jack
ies" and rowdies of all classes. One
night this week a general fight occurred
in one of the taverns and no less than
four sailors suffered broken heads. The
impotent police force of three men saw
the whole affair, but of course could do
nothing. Within the past month three
so-called "peace guardians" have re
signed their office, complaining that
they have long been paid in city scrip
at the rate of $50 per month, which is
discounted one-half. A new trio of po
licemen were obtained and these now
show signs of rebellion, declaring they
will resign. Long before the war broke
out there had been much talk of mar
tial law for the town, but no steps to
this effect were taken. There is little
doubt now, however, that martial law
will soon be a fact.
Will Serve on the Marion.
SANTA CRUZ, May 25.— Ensign Arm
strong of the Naval Reserve was to-day
ordered to report for duty immediately
on the Marion. He will leave to-mor
row*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 26, 1898.
Whila the Adjutant-General's office
has not yet undertaken to make up the
quotas of the several States, the fol
lowing gives an approximate estimate
of the State quotas:
Alabama l,soo!New Hampshire- 151
Arkansas 1,230 New Jersey 1,778
California 1,933 New York 7,507
Colorado 797 North Carolina-.. 1,545
! Conneotiout 965, North Dakota—. 276
Delaware 210 Ohio 4,439
Florida 410 Oregon 370
Georgia 1,905 Pennsylvania — -6,458
Idaho 139 Rhode Island 426
Illinois 4,289 South Dakota 1,110
Indiana 2,581 South Carolina-... 448
lowa 2,264 Tennessee 1,036
! Kansas 1,668 Texas ...~ 1,454
j Kentucky 2,045 Utah ~ 255
Louisiana 1,164 Vermont .. 397
i Maine 759 Virginia ...- 1,673
Maryland 1,166 Washington 704
i Massachusetts -2,832 West Virginia ... 833
Michigan 2,622 Wisconsin 1,965
| Minnesota 1,723 Wyoming 138
j Mississippi 1,245 Arizona 109
: Missouri 3,246 Dirt, of Columbia 198
I Montana 314 New Mexioo 269
Nebraska 1,144 Oklahoma 86
'■ Nerada 142
The organization and division of
| these extensive forces Is yet to be
; arranged by the adjutant general's of
! fire. Generally speaking, however,
the 75,000 men will suffice for the form
' ation of seventy-five regiments.
The new force will require, either by
j appointment or by officers already ap
j pointed three major generals and
j about twenty-four brigadier generals.
I The colonels, lieutenant colonels, ma
jors, captains and lieutenants are ap
: pointed by the Governors of the vari-
I ous States, as the law provides that
i "all regimental and company officers
! shall be appointed by the Governors of
j the States in which their respective or
j ganlzations are raised."
It was stated at the War Department
j that the details for the work of organ
' izing this new force would not be ac
tively taken up for the present. Just
now the adjutant general's office is en
gaged in completing the enlistment of
! the 125,000 volunteers under the first
I call. It will take some time to com-
I plete this work, and not until then will
j the real work of organizing the volun
i teers under the second call begin.
EXPLOIT OF
THE OREGON
Battleship Reaches the
Florida Coast.
COMPLETES A LONG RUN
THIS SHOWS THE GOOD WORK
DONE IN CALIFORNIA.
Pacific Coast Representatives Unable
to Restrain Their Enthusiasm
Over the Vessel's Per
formance,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 25.
Rather reluctantly the Navy Depart
: ment confirmed the report of the pres
ence of the Oregon at Jupiter Inlet,
Fla,, where she arrived last night. The
! reluctance is shown because the de
partment has decided it is a good pol
icy to keep the enemy in ignorance of
the whereabouts of our vessels. While
declining to give any details of the trip
at this time, the officials admit that the
ship swung clear to the eastward of both
the Lesser and Greater Antilles after
leaving Barbadoes, until she arrived at
, a point opposite the Bahamas, where
she turned sharply in and made for the
Florida coast.
The Oregon left Mare Island, Cal.,
13,000 miles away from Jupiter, on
March 19. so she has averaged 200 milea
a day for sixty-five days. As a matter
of fact, the vessel had a better speed,
for a good many days were lost in tak
ing coal at the South American ports.
The Pacific Coast contingent in
Washington cannot restrain their en
thusiasm over the remarkable per
formance of this creation of the slope
workshops. Representative Hilborn
called at the Navy Department to ver
ify the news of the ship's arrival, and
he found the officials were fully dis
posed to agree with him in all he had
to say as to the Oregon's great record.
He says that by this performance the
ship has silenced forever those Con
gressional critics of battle-ships who
declared that no battle-ship had
crossed or ever would cross the At
lantic, for the Oregon's run was fraught
with peril and involved "straightaway"
PROCLAMATION FOR
MORE VOLUNTEERS
WASHINGTON, May 25.— The President to-day
issued the following proclamation:
BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
A PROCLAMATION.
WHEREAS, An act oF Congress was approved
on the 25th day of April, 1898, entitled "An act de
claring that war exists between the United States
oF America and the kingdom of Soain," and
Whereas, By an act oF Congress entitled "An
act to provide For temporarily increasing the mili
tary establishment oF the United States in time of
war, and For other purposes," approved April 22,
1898, the President isauthorized, in order to raise a
volunteerarmy, to issue his proclamation calling For
volunteers to serve in the army oF the United States.
Now, thereFore, I, William McKinley, President
oF the United States, by virtue oF the power vested
In me by the constitution and the laws, and deem
ing suFFicent occasion to exist, have thought Fit to
call Forth, and hereby do call Forth, volunteers to
the aggregate number oF 75,000 in addition to the
volunteers called Forth by my proclamation oF the
25th day oF April in the present year; the same to
be apportioned, as Far as practicable, among the
several States and Territories and the District oF
Columbia, according to population, and to serve For
two years unless sooner discharged. The propor
tion oF each arm and the details oF enlistment and
organization will be made known through the War
Department.
In witness whereoF I have hereunto set my
hand and caused the seal of the United States to
be aFFixed. Done at Fhe city oF Washington, this
25th day oF May, in the year of our Lord one thou
sand eight hundred and ninety-eight and oF the in
dependence oF the United States the one hundred
and twenty-second. WILLIAM McKINLEY.
By the President:
WILLIAM R. DAY, Secretary oF State.
stretches of greater length than the At
lantic passages in any season.
The location of the Oregon came
about in a.peculir way by means of the
beach watchers, who are on the alert
for the approach of hostile ships. These
beach patrols continue on duty night
and day, and last night the patrol .vas
rewarded by sighting the big American
battle-ship. Signaling was begun by
the use of torches, and in thU way
messages to and from the battle-ship
were exchanged through the night. In
turn these messages were sent to the
Navy Department, which is connected
by wire with the signal station near
Jupiter Inlet. The Oregon has not yet
sent the usual notice of her arrival. It
is the first time the new patrol system
has had an opportunity to show its
efficiency, not only in guarding against
the approach of hostile ships, but also
in reporting to the Navy Department
the movements of our own ships.
JT PITER. Fla., May 25.— The United
States battle-ship Oregon, which arriv
ed here at 10:30 last night, has left
Jupiter. __
Christopher A. Buck
ley claims to be able to
deliver 3000 votes to
the political manipu
lators for the charter.
What will be his reward ?
TRANSPORT CENTENNIAL
NOW READY FOR SEA
Will Transport Eight Hundred Sol
diers From San Francisco to
Manila.
SEATTLE, May 25.— The ftfnmshlp On
tennial, under charter to the Government
of the United States as a war transport,
for service between this coast and the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NORTH BRITISH=AMERICAN CO.,
S LIMITED.
THE BANNER LINE!
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO DAWSON CITY AND FORT SELKIRK DIRECT.
FIRST SAILING DATE JUNE 14th/
THE POPULAR OCEAN STEAMER
"CLEVELAND,"
•CAPACITY 1500 TONS; ACCOMMODATION FOR 350 PASSENGERS.)
Which has been lately renovated and elaborately fitted for passenger accommoda-
tions eaual to any passenger steamer on the coast, of guaranteed speed of four-
teen knots per hour, connecting at St. Michael with the Floating Palace of the
Yukon,
S. S. MARY ELLEN GALVIN,
E. S. MORINE, MASTER. TT T »««««««,
(LENGTH 200 FEET. BEAM 40 FEET, DRAFT IS INCHES— WILL. ACCOMMO-
(LB-NUlil Ml *** DATE 435 PASSENGERS.)
This steamer is fitted with 1260-horsepower engines, 10.000-candle-power search-
light electric lights throughout, hot and cold water service all through the boat,
ladies' and cents' baths, steam steering gear, piano, social -hall, comfortable smok-
in£ room bfstdes mosquito-proof windows and doors. Speed twenty knots per hour.
The^onstruction of this steamer has been supervised by experienced Yukon
RIV SDeci a aV^tention has been paid to the selection of only flrst-class Yukon pilots,
so that those procuring passage are assured of earliest possible arrival at Dawson
° r R^es^as^ow as any competing first-class line, with liberal allowance of bag-
gaR Mr Pat Galvin. president of the company, has established warehouses and
trading posts on the Yukon River for the accommodation of passengers via tho
Banner Line. vM^™™ I }^^** I***'1 ***'
Stewardess will accompany steamer.
Cabin and table unsurpassed. to be named later.
Siiline date of other steamers to be named later.
For tickets and freight and full information call on or address,
3OS Market Street,
Or J. G. McCALL, General Passenger and Freight Agent,
46 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
/■M*nr. mnnr TmOM FERRY. TELEPHONE 202.
ON SJ L §ALVIN PrJiden" JOSEPH BELL, Vice-President.
v}!-.,  UAljVi "- - c. BEASLBT, Traffic Manager. -'. " , (
Philippines, has Just emerged from the
Government dryrfock at Port Orchard,
having been thoroughly renovated. It lies
In the harbor awaiting inspection, which
will begin to-morrow, after which the
steamship will start for San Francisco.
The Centennial will be able to carry 800
soldiers to Manila very comfortably. It
can make twelve knots an hour, and Is re-
as a very seaworthy vessel. It
formerly was in the Chinese trade.
PRESIDENT JORDAN AND
THE NEW CHARTER
XASMIN HOUSE,
Stanford University.
I believe that the chief
cause of the failure of mu
nicipal government in the
.United States lies in the
conversion of the public
service into patronage to
be distributed among per
sonal favorites and parti
san workers. The pro
posed charter of San Fran
cisco perpetuates this con
dition of the distribution
of patronage by individuals
and cliques. It therefore
offers mighty little prom
ise of reform, either in ef
fectiveness or in economy.
DAVIDSTARR JORDAN.
Advances made on furniture -d pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
THE EMPORIUM.
9 a. m. to 12 m.
OUR SECOND SPECIAL
MORNING SALE TO-DAY.
The big store gong will ring at pieciselv 9 o'clock this morning,
announcing the beginning of the sale of Muslin Gowns, and again
at 12 o'clock, announcing its close. None of the goods will be sold
at the sale prices before or aftet those hours.
tSLOO Gowns-
All Sizes
102 do? en in the lot — limit of 6to a
customer.
The picture but poorly represents this
handsome gown. It is made of soft finished
ioc muslin and cut very full — 56 or 58
inches long — has four rows of insertion
with cluster of tucks between — embroidery
on neck and cuffs — lined tucked back to
shoulders — finished with feather-stitched
braid and pearl buttons.
Before 9 A. M. and after 12 o'clock these Gowns at /TQu
their regular price — one dollar — between 9 and 12 CJaC
Butter Sale To-Day*
These Grocery Specials for Thursday and Friday only. This
is a good time to buy a box of butter to pack. Scarcity of feed
for cattle makes it certain that prices will steadily increase.
Fancy Humboldt Creamery Eulter — quality guaranteed, O/T-
per square
Eastern Rolled Oats— 10 lbs for- 25c
i-lb package Niagara or Duryea's Gloss, or Corn Starch— regularly 8c
package — 4 for. 25c
6-lb boxes Niagara Gloss Starch— regularly 50c. For the \\>o days 37c
6-lb boxes Duryea's Gloss Starch— regularly 55c For the two days 42c
Brahama Ceylon Tea— ("lt's Pure, Sure")— is being demonstrated— free in
the Grocery Department —
i^-lb packages— regularly 30c. For the two days- ~ 25c
j^-lb packages — regularly 40c. For the two days - 35c
%-\b packages— regularly 50:. For the two days 40c
The Emporium and
Golden Rule Bazaar.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
"731 market Street.
Treat Diseases and Weakness of men only. Can
stop those deadly drains, can stop those wast-
ing losses, can restore lost manhood, will send
ynu symptom blanks free, can cure and restore
where others fail, their prices and terms are
very reasonable, can cure at home without see-
ing you, give consultation and advice free, and
to show their good faith
They Never Ask for a Dollar
Until Cure Is Effected.
DR. MEYERS & CO
Can quickly conquer all contracted ailments,
permanently cure contagious blood poison. They
are the oldest practitioners on the Pacific
Coast, have a working- capital of $100,000, are
responsible, never misrepresent.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
Specialists for Men of the
ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS
731 MARKET STREET.
Hours, 8-5; Evenings, 7-8; Sundays, 9-11.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUdERA & CO.
GOJ.ri "■• All. DRUGGIST*
X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bid*.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, S2l California street, below
Powell. San Francisco.
A miner in Scranton, Perm», who has resided there^Ur his life,and worked
In the ooal mines ever since he was a boy of fifteen, and consequently is pretty
i well known to hundreds^ says that ihe ! foul atmosphere he breathed for *>
many years in the mines, tise gases, the damp and the cramped position in which
he had* to work, caused his entire system to run down. "My stomach suffered
most," said he. "I was induced to make trial of Ripans Tabules, and in a
month I was very much benefited. I made a practice of carrying a few of the
magic Tabules or Tablets in my pocket regularly, so as to be able to swallow one
on the first sign of approaching trouble ; but now. and for some tune past. I
am. and have been a perfectly well man.- Many of my fellow miners are
familiar with my case, and not a few of them have learned to foUow my eMmple
end" always keeptwo otthree of the TftJbnles in an accessible pocket, to
«a» at tb* first mm of an internal (tirtuibanoe or anything like ajMMaofe*. -
THE EMPORIUM.
- /_ Ipyouiwear
/^- Glasses^ 1§
Wl and Wish promprtffffanf
J^^ service by able andepurt
I^9l/5 Opticians CflfeVy^:,;
OPTICIANS ' -.^premo-poc*- .
642 Market St. PhotolCc
GATALOGt/ef/iif.' OUPR.IE.S.I'
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO'
o T " f PALACE W$M
%GRAND hotels*
q SAN FHANCISCO. q
Trnneoted by a rovtred passageway.
° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attaohad. °
O .. --iL Undes On*h Uaxaox****- °
O NOTE THE PRICES: O ■
a European Plan. Sl. OO per day and upward n '
*" American Plan. S3. OO par day and upward
C Correspondence Solicited. Q
O JOHN C. KIRKPATBICK, Managtr. O
000000000000000000,
— : 7— 1
MADE ME A MAN
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CUBE |
jtJXA'enioiu lUscanes — Foiling Mem*'
ory, Impotency. Sleeplessness, etc., caused
by Aboae or other Excesses and India*,.
cretions. They quickly and. aurel]/
restore Lost Vitality In old or young, ana ,
fit a man for study, business or marriage, I
5> Prevent Insanity and Consumption iff"
me. Their uro tthovrs immediate improro*.
meat and effects a CURE where all other fail In-, I
gist upon having; the genuine Ajax Tablets. They
have cured thousands an 1 will cure yon. We a pos-
itive written Rnaronteo to effect a cure CA J*TO la
each case or refund the money. Price Vw Vlwi per
package; or six pieces (full treatment) for $2.50. By
mail, in plain wrapper, upon receipt of price. Circular? :
««•• AJAX REM^nv CO.. »jh«¥ggg;
For Bale In San Francisco by Lelpnitz & Co.*
236 Sutter. No-Percentage Pharmacy. 949 Hkt.
*-*^K*fi3SßßSbs*>iM Big fill i non-pol«onon»
*<JtiSS&P^^Euß remedy for Gonorrhosa,
jHriLHES^I Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
gg&W in 1 to 5 <la3-«.\3| Whites, unnatural dii-
SKm Ga»r»niEcd V charges, or any Inllaaima-
Hfl not to itriijtiire. tion, irritation or nlcera*
Sp-—^HPrtTcaU coat.gian. tion of jDiioom mem*
R«»%THEEvAS3CHEMICuno. bran <-«- >'on-a«trin?ent.
MB CINCINNATI, O ■■■ Sio1 ' 1 by »rnßr»Uto.
USA JtSa or sect i! plain wrapper,
/fl^' ' " Jrf^ES by express, prepaid, for
'•i^^^tai^» 0 » li-«>. or 3 bottle., $2.75. ■
■» "VfiaaS*** Ci> ■ Circular gent on request.
56
tSfag <^j^^__j_
THURSDAY MAY 26, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
{EDITORIAL BOOMS 21? to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month;
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One y«ar. by malL $1.60
OAKLAND OFFICE »08 Broadway
rSEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.J OFFICE Rift** Hone*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marque Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 287 Hayes street, «pen until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- £291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin -Yf-Bye
Columbia— "Monb3rß "
California— lTopk-ns Trans-Oceanic Star Specialty Co.
Alcazar— "Yorio'K's Love ■;*-.; . '
Moroseo's— "Mrs Partington and Her Son Ike"
TlToll— "The Poster."
Orpheum- Vam:e villa.
Sherman, Clay Hall— Kneisel Quartet, this afternoon.
Ihe Chutes -Zoo. Vaudeville, and "Visions of Art. '
Liympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Sutro Baths— Swimming,
El Campo— Muhlc dancing; boat Inc. fishing-, every Sunday,
California Jockey Cub, Oakland— Races Friday afternoon.
AUCTION SALES.
By Easton, Eldridare & Co.— This day, May 28, Rugs, at 106
Gram avenue, at - 0 dock
By H. L. Friday, May 27. Jewelry, at 1036 Market street,
at 2 o clock.
By Killlpi Co.— Thursday, June 2, Horses, at San Mateo Stoca
Farm, at 10 o'clock. _______^_
LEES PINES FOR MUSIC.
CHIEF OF POLICE LEES is a jewel after his
kind. On parade he glitters like a sunset. He
moves with the stately ponderousness of a
band-wagon. The braid upon him outvies the splen
dor of dawn. His horse steps high, and against the
flanks of the charger flaps and clatters the sword
which the Chief has benignly refrained from draw
ing. And yet, with all his grandeur, the Chief is not
happy. Being moved by concord of sweet sounds,
he pines for a drum and fife. The military spirit has
seized him. He would pass along the thoroughfare
not merely as a pleasing spectacle, but to the beat
and shrill of a Conquering Hero corps.
When this impulse first gat hold upon the Chief
he called to him his henchmen, Wittman and Spillane,
and bade them find who among their cohorts had
skill of melody, who could pelt the sheepskin or blow
the stuffing from the fife. Alas and alas! there was
none. Some could wield the club right well, and
others could sprint merrily from the place of peril,
but not a mother's son of the lot could be any part
of a drum corps. The Chief was in a state of despair,
wherein it is sard of him that he plucked his beard
and sputtered mightily. But he is welcome to any
suggestion embodied in these few remarks.
A drum corps is a necessity. Without it the Chief
may decline to be a joy forever. Therefore get a
drum corps. Let the Chief dismiss certain of his
minions, preferably such as run away when their ser
vice? are needed, and fill their place 9 with students
of the sounding drum and masters of the fife. Hav
ing dr>r,e thi>. he could continue to constitute himself
a thing <M beauty, and astride a steed trained to sniff
the battle from afr\r do a little sniffing himself. What
would be a parade without the Chief? Nothing.
Business should be suspended and the war stopped
until the Chief shall have a corps to summon the pop
ulace as he goes by. Denied the boon, he might re
sign, and such an act would be a menace to public
safety and health. Happiness has been known to kill.
(\ TREMENDOUS CHARTER BUG.
SECTION 14 of chapter 1. article VI of the pro
posed new charter, says: "All public work
authorized by the Supervisors to be done under
the supervision of the Board of Public Works shall,
unless otherwise determined by the Board of Public
Works, be done under written contract."
What does this mean? Do the words "unless other
wise determined" confer upon the board the legal
right to pave streets, build sewers and construct pub
lic buildings without competition? If they do they
constitute a charter joker of such enormous propor
tions as to actually paralyze the imagination. If
this Board of Public Works which is appointed by
the Mayor and which may be removed at pleasure,
and which is to consist of one Republican, one Dem
ocrat and one Populist, has been invested with the
power to order public work without letting contracts,
a vista of Tweedism is opened up before the people
of this city at once overwhelming in its possibilities.
Can it be possible that the Freeholders intended
this provision to be taken in its ordinary sense? If
they did they have certainly gone over to the cor
ruptionists body, bag and breeches. It was under a
similar discretionary power that Boss Tweed fleeced
the taxpayers of New York, and wherever discretion
to dispense with competition in prosecuting public
works has been conferred it has immediately led to
corruption and stealing.
If there were no other objectionable features in
ihe charter this one ought to defeat it. Taxpayers,
who are always made the victims of such careless
legislation as this, should go to the polls to-day and
vote solidly acainst the charter.
Marysville volunteers have dropped a traitor from
the rolls with such a thud as must ha\-e jarred his sys
tem. It is a bad season to be boasting of Spanish
blood as the only fighting kind, and the Marysville
person had been guilty of this error.
Once more there is a report that Alger may resign,
but he is naturally opposed to doing this, as he ex
presses it, "under fire." More than likely the report
is merely an indication that some correspondent
ought to resign.
Perhaps instead of ordering the police to procure
a different pattern of revolver it would be wise for the
Chief to compel them to learn to shoot with the style
they have.
Oregon has every reason to be proud of the boys
she sent on their way to Manila. A finer lot of men
never shouldered rifles.
If you want to see the Examiner's circulation go up
watch the smokestack of the crematory.
SPAIN AS AN ENEMY.
I"" HE tendency of some newspapers to underesti
mate Spain as a military enemy is unwise. We
are not making all this fues over whipping a
non-resistant cripple. Spain's navy is of considerable
force and her ships, if coaled and supplied with ammu
nition, can put up a stiff right. That her sailors can
! be depended on for desperate courage was proved at
I Manila. Dewey's victory was over men, not cowards.
j It detracts from his deserved credit and the glory of
I our arms to forget the brave fellows on the Spanish
; decks who fought to the last and went down with their
ships. Dewey himself recognized their fighting merit
! when he sent word to the Spanish admiral, Montijo,
i that he hoped to meet him some day as a brother sol
i dier and compliment him in person for his brave de
| fense of his fleet and flag.
Disparagement of an enemy is not found among
i the men who fight. It is a civilian vagary, and is a
; special form of expression adopted by the ink-valiant
fakers of the yellow press.
Circumstances and situations make this war one of
! the most formidable military undertakings since Na
poleon's march to Moscow. We can easily strip
Spain of her colonial possessions. They are lusterless
. jewels in her crown. But when that is done she will
i not make peace. An insolvent nation with the desper
i ation of her people for capital makes a formidable
! fight against the invader, and that we must end the
. war by invading the Spanish peninsula is among the
j high probabilities.
Occupation of the Philippines, Carolines. Ladrones.
j Cuba and Porto Rico, and probably the Canaries, will
call for an army of 150.000 men. They will have fought
their way to possession of these colonies. They will
! be seasoned soldiers, ready to be massed into an army
of invasion to enter Spain and treat the world to the
novel sensation of invasion of the oldest kingdom in
Europe by a force from the New World. The places
i of these trained veterans in garrison in the colonies
will be taken by an equal force of recruits.
In view of all this it will be seen that our enemy is
i not contemptible in resources or courage, and our
; honors will be hard won glory.
If the situation were reversed and Spain were the
I invader her weakness would be apparent. But we are
I the invaders and the Spanish are the invaded. The
' history of all military invasions is that the people who
' are defending their own soil have the advantage. Two
invading soldiers are required to match one who is
defending his country.
A little serious reflection will cure the errors that
have been spread by bumptious boasting by the fakers
and will justify the profound feeling that spreri-te
among the people as our volunteers go forth to battle.
THE POOT^ BOODLER.
THE Third Street Boodler (late of Mission
street) pathetically wonders who is paying for
the campaign that is being prosecuted against
the proposed new charter. The other day Dr. Stal
lard sent out a pamphlet. Who paid the postage on
it? excitedly asks the Boodler. John T. Doyle and
Garret McEnerney have written 'letters opposing the
adoption of the proposed charter. Who pays them?
yells the Boodler. Evidently the Boodler thinks
Colonel Mazuma has opened a "sack" without giving
it a call. If this is true it is quite sad.
But suppose somebody is paying for the arguments
being published against the charter? Its advocates
are doing the same thing. The prodigality which has
characterized the campaign of the latter has long
attracted our attention. We have refrained from men
tioning it because we think the Merchants' Associa
tion, the Freeholders and those who support the
charter have a right, equally shared by their fellow
citizens, to spend their money in any way they please.
The charter advocates have expended ten dollars to
every one so far expended by the opponents of the
instrument. An examination of the facts will show
this. Not only have they printed posters and posted
them upon election booths, but they have flooded the
city with circulars, distributed copies of the charter
and employed men to write for the papers. They
have even induced the Southern Pacific organ, the
Evening Post, to support the charter. Who paid for
that?
If the corporations have opened a sack it is too bad
that the Boodler has been overlooked. No such
tremors as now agitate it were suffered while it was
drawing $1000 a month from the Southern Pacific
under its "silence" contract. Nor did it then burn
up papers to increase its circulation. But the Boodler
should remember that all is not milk and honey in
this toilsome world. When the corporations used to
"see" it, it had a character. Since it became a bood
ling drab — a seeker after the dirty money of the slums
and an associate of thieves and blacklegs — the corpor
ations have no need of its service. Without either
character or influence — a yellow liar for coin and
with a declining circulation — there are none so poor
as to do it reverence.
' Last Monday while cur brave boys were marching
down Market street on their way to embark on the
Peking for Manila and their relatives and friends were
bidding them godspeed a vehicle resembling a scav
enger cart, filled to its utmost capacity with Exam
iners, forced its way along the crowded thorough
fare. It was the only incident that occurred during
the march that marred the patriotic scene. Half an
hour later the tall chimney on the crematory emitted
a huge volume of yellow smoke. The Examiner's
circulation was going up.
Upon reading that the Kansas regiment was in need
of underwear, an enterprising firm sent out yesterday
a lot of drummers, who tried to sell to the soldiers
articles the public would be glad and proud to have
the opportunity of furnishing. The success of these
peddlers was not learned, but they were not kicked
from the grounds, a circumstance showing that they
got along better than they deserved.
"A Glance at Real Estate" is the title over a local
article. Since the wim* has been blowing there 13 no
possibility of evading such a glance. Realty is in the
air, and if the eye does not find it it finds the eye.
General Merritt admits that he is engaged to be
married, a circumstance which may in a measure ac
count for the rumor that he was reluctant to take
command of the Philippine expedition.
Public speakers down in Manila are exhorting their
followers to give no quarter. If Spanish finances run
much lower such advice will be superfluous. The
followers can't give a cent.
It is reported that the employes of the crematory
will be given a holiday on Decoration day. If this
is true, the Examiner's circulation will be largely
decreased on that day.
Who knows but Edward Bellamy is in a position
now more adapted to "Looking Backward" than
when he was attempting it with only mortal experi
ence?
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY, MAY 26, 1898.
ME SHOULD REFORM.
| ;OR the purpose of throwing dust in the eyes of
j the people the boodling Examiner declares that
the local corporations oppose the adoption of
the proposed charter. It says that Garret Mc-
Enerney, attorney for the Southern Pacific and
"shifty eight," has written a letter in which he gives
a number of reasons why the document should not
be carried at to-day's election. It does not contro
\ert these reasons nor attempt to answer them. It
places its demand for votes solely on the ground that
Mr. McEnerney is a corporation lawyer, and in
opposing the charter is commingling his civic with
his legal duties.
Perhaps it is true that Mr. McEnerney is a cor
poration attorney. It is his business to practice law
and he sometimes goes into court to maintain the
rights of corporations. Perhaps he did foil the at
tempt of the Phelan combination to get possession
of the government by ousting the "shifty eight" His
skill and ability may have been utilized by the Market
Street Railway Company or the Southern Pacific
in saving the property of these corporations from
loot and blackmail. So long a3 he works honestly
for those who employ him probably the corporations
will continue to avail themselves of his services.
But the public can forgive and forget all this in
Mr. McEnerney. There are, however, other things
he has done for which he can never be pardoned.
On two occasions he has saved the managing editor
of the Examiner from a just term of imprisonment in
jail. On several occasions he has employed his learn
ing and ability in preventing the owner of the yel
low sheet from being called to account for his libels.
For his work in making it safe to publish the Ex
aminer in this town and in keeping its staff of black
mailers out of jail the public will never forgive him.
All the rest may be forgotten and excused but this —
never.
As the dirty sheet, in order to subserve its black
mailing purposes, is now assailing the motives and
integrity of its own counsel, we trust that Mr. Mc-
Enerney will conclude to reform. Should he refuse
to defend it, in time perhaps Hearst could be brought
to book for his libels and the crew of blackmailers he
employs could be broken up. If the charter cam
paign accomplishes nothing more than to break the
liqk which attaches Mr. McEnerney to the business
interests of the Examiner it will have been well worth
all the trouble and expense it has caused.
THE WOR REVENUES.
WHEN the financial legislation of 1862 was
under discussion and after its adoption until
1868 the Democracy opyosed greenbacks with
the utmost bitterness. They made campaigns against
the "rag money" which the Government was com
pelled to issue because its credit fell below par and
the treasury ran dry in the last year of Buchanan's
administration. No Republican statesman of that day
contended that resort to greenbacks was justified, ex
cept by the discredit and Civil War which Lincoln's
administration inherited from its predecessor. Secre
tary Chase drew the legislation of 1862, but when he
became Chief Justice decided that it was not war
ranted by the constitution and had its sole excuse as
a war measure and the only means of financiering the
struggle to restore the Union.
Nothing can exceed the bitterness with which the
Democrats attacked the scheme. To them a green
back was a badge of discredit and dishonor. It was
'"Republican money," and it bore every epithet from
"rag baby" to "Lincoln scabs" in the mouths and the
press of that party. But when specie resumption was
prepared for the party suddenly turned its coat and
cry and came out for greenbacks. It ran Seymour
and Blair on a greenback platform in 1868, and ranted
and sang as loudly for that kind of currency as it had
formerly raved against it. In 1876 Tiiden succeeded
in pulling the party off this new scent and it kept
tolerably straight on finance until 1806, when free
silver and Populism set it crying again for "a more
and fittener currency," ami now it stands in Congress
for what it denounced in 1862, though the credit of
the country and the condition of the treasury require
no resort to doubtful measures.
In several Parliaments of Continental nations is a
party known as the Opportunists, whose member*
stand ready to take advantage of the mistakes and
weakness of other parties which profess principles
and go up and down with them.
The Democracy were against greenbacks in the
Civil War. when they had to be accepted as the al
ternative to a dissolution of the Union, and are for
greenbacks now wtfien the credit of the country does
not require their issue and when it would be a capital
and costly mistake.
The Democracy may be called "the Misopportun
ists." They are alway? loading their gun with spent
cartridges, hatching on last year's birdsnests, draw
ing water after the well is dry, sitting on the fence
and looking at the road after the procession has
passed, opposing Republican measures when they are
vital and necessary and favoring them when they are
obsolete. Tiiden and Cleveland compelled the party
to abstain from idiocy, to cease chewing its tongue
and having fits all over the floor, but it has cursed
and quit them and their works and '.s now dressing it
self for the next campaign in the cast-off gaments of
Republicanism, which it made fun of when they were
rew.
Some of the regular soldiers seem inclined to think
that in the present attention paid the volunteers they
are being overlooked, but this is not the case. The
finest compliment paid to the volunteers is when peo
ple say, "They march just like regulars." The only
reason for the apparent partiality is the knowledge
that Uncle Sam takes good care of his standing
army, while the new soldiers have been short on ra
tions, shelter and raiment. Once they are equipped
the distinction will vanish. Under the flag in foreign
lands they will all be "our boys."
If Jt is true that the captain of the Callao, who sur
rendered to the overwhelming force of Dewey, has
been shot by the Spaniards, one more task will be
added to that already cut out for the Americans. It
will be their duty to find what official ordered the
murder committed, and, backing him against a stone
wall before a file of marines, inculcate into his sys
tem better manners and plenty of lead.
Probably the rumor that Admiral Monti jo is to be
court-martialed is wholly baseless. It should not be
regarded as a crime for a soldier to fight. There are
times when to follow the Spanish fashion of running
away is not practicable.
Over at Sausalito a baker was rash enough to hur
rah for Spain and revile the stars arid stripes. It
will be some time now before he will be able to dis
tinguish the colors of one country from those of the
ether.
The Kansas boys have had every reason to com
plain and Lave not made a murmur. They are made
of the right stuff for soldiers.
AMERICA, THE NEW WORLD POWER.
We are identified with the civilized, interested in its problems, concerned in
its progress, injured in its disasters, helped by its prosperities. The time has
therefore passed when the United States can say, "We are sufficient unto our
selves; we will go our way; the rest of the world can go its way.' Tlve ques
tion is not, "Shall we avoid" entangling alliances?" We are entangled with all the
nations of the globe; by commerce, by manufactures, by race and religious affilia
tion? by popular and political sympa.aiee. The question for us to determine is
not whether we shall live and work in fellowship with European nations, but
wether we shall choose our fellowship with wise judgment and definite purpose,
or whether we shall allow ourselves to drift into such fellowships as political ac
cident or the changing incidents of human history may direct. I believe that
the time has come when we ought, as a nation, to recognize the fact that we are
not Merely an American nation but a world nation; when we ought to taKo oui
place, with clear and definite understanding that we arf doing so, among the na
tions of the wVld; when we ought to form clearly to ourselves our national pur
pose, and seek such affiliations as will promote that purpose. It is for this reason
I urge the establishment of a good understanding between the I nued States and
England, in the hope that in time It will grow to a more formal alliance— civic,
commercial and industrial, rather than naval or military— and yet an alliance
that will make us, for the purposes of our international life, one people, thouen
not politically one nation. Th«»re are reasons which suggest the wisdoiri of tt.e
establishment and maintenance of nuch good understanding and the hope or
such possibly more formal alliance with our kin beyond the sea.— Rev. Lyman
Abbott, D.D., in the North American Review.
ANGLO-SAXON PARTNERS.
No sane person would propose that either of the English-speaking powers
should abate its genera! freedom of action, or should alter its internal govern
ment. The materials are ready tn hand for a perfectly simple and yet perfectly
effective entente. All that is required is that the responsible statesmen of Eng
land and America should arrive nt and should formulate a policy on which they
are agreed in those matters in which it concerns them to act together. • • •
This would mean, in plain language, that each partner of the Anglo-Saxon com
bination would safeguard the othor against the risk of being wiped out by a com
bination of the continental military powers.— "Politicus," in the Contemporary
Review, London.
AN IMPERIAL NATION.
The old Idea that the United States was esentla'ly pacific and could afford to
refrain from participating hi the haute politlque of the world must be abandoned
and a vigorous effort made to revive commerce which has been neglected under
the narrowing influences of the home market clubs, those nurseries of pettiness
in trade and politics. To be able to find sailors to man warships there must be a
great mercantile marine, and this Implies lower tariffs and more liberal trade
regulations. The oncc-gTeat ocean-carrying trade of the Union has to be re
created. President McKlnley stands at the parting of the ways; elected on a
narrow issue, that of the currency, and committed to the ultra conservative
classes, events have seized on him and have led him out to where, as from alofty
promontory overlooking the seas, he may discern the rising cloud of a European
coalition against the great republic whose astounding growth and multiplying
wealth have excited the bitter and undisguised hatred of the old world. Europe
Is menaced on one side by huge and youthful Russia advancing eastward to the
coveted Oriental field of trade, and on the other by the American Union, which
bt came a great and imperial nation when Jefferson, in a moment of patriotic in
spiration, threw his constitutional scruples to the winds and bought the Louisiana
Territory of Napoleon. McKlnley .can emerge from this borrasca a statr-sman or
a i>olitical pigmy. The President who conducts successfully a foreign war, who
creates a great navy and lays the foundation for a strong army, and is something
of a Caesar, appealing to the masses over the heads of the politicians, can in
augurate a new and splendid American policy and rale* his country' to the highest
place in international affairs. Will Mr. McKlnley do this or will he remain the
representative of the trusts and of narrowing commercial interests generally?—
Mexican Herald (City of Mexico.)
If the United States triumphs over Spain there w!ll have sounded for us the
knell of our autonomy. Masters of the Gulf, of Hawaii (feloniously appropri
ated), and of our own Alsace-Lorraine (Texas), her ambition and aspirations will
know no end. Passing the canal which divides the island of Cuba and Yucatan
she will there install herself through a spirit of conquest thinly masked by all
the hyprocrisles of diplomacy. Already by infiltration has she occupied large sec
tions of our northern frontier. We see the Americans, like phylloxera, appear
ing in every section of our capital. They have acquired such control over our
commerce and industrial interests that financially they have us bound both hands
and feet. Their politicians, even when defeated in their aspirations, are received
here like princes. They are adulated by provincial orators who tell them that
neither Cicero, Mlraheau nor Castelar, in his orations from the people's tribunal,
reached so high a place in the fire and energy of public speech, nough of this
sort of adulation: The Yankees have shown us what they are. Their vandalism
in California, their deceptions in Alaska, all show that they are affected with
the lunacy of King Midas— gold, always gold! Their demoeracv is only a shame
less market, measured by the Dlngley tariff. Their International politics, docile
to so much per cent, shows all the Carthaginian malice and felony. Washington
advised and begged them, almost in his will, to be true and just in their rela
tions with other people, but they, subject to the laws of heredity, intercept and
practice in British style the rights of man. It should not be forgotten that John
Bull is the grandfather of Uncle Sam.— Vox de Mexico.
THE MISSION OF AMERICA.
Over and over again a new race (or a race born anew as it seems) has a "mls
rton," or Is aware of a "destiny," to overrun, to subdue, to destroy and replace;
and sets out to do so aa If by uncontrollable Impulse. Historians noted these
movements long ago, finding: them "mysterious." Mysterious or not, we do not
come to the end of them. If we want to know why the world is so mightily dis
turbed at this hour and why we are thrown back so unexpectedly upon the
regime of force, all we have to do is to mark with a confessing eye that one
su'-h movement is in full progress, and that another, and perhaps yet another in a
somewhat different guise, has begun. Unless all the signs deceive the American
republic breaks from her old moorings and sails ont to be a "world-power."
Whether the start has been well made, with .sagacity, with dignity, with due cir
cumspection and preparedness against internal disturbance, for example, is for
the Americana to consider. For our part we must acknowledge that the move
ment is perfectly natural. If not "mysteriously" Imperative, and also entirely their
affair. And then, taking account of another illustration of the way in which
history repeats itßelf, with so little modification by "moral forces." we must
Bhape our conduct accordingly.— "The Looker On" in Blackwood's, Edinburgh.
COMPLICATIONS MAY ARISE
Conquests are sometimes embarrassing, and there are already signs that the
people of the United States hardly know what to do with the Philippines. In
numerable solutions of this grave problem are put forward. A very small party
is for holding them; others, again, are for selling them to a friendly power;
while many go further, and name the friendly power — England. The Philippines
are to be offered to England to cement the Anglo-Saxon alliance; and in exchange
we are to give the Americans a base at Manila or else certain of our West In
dies colonies. We cannot but feel /attered as a nation by this fresh proof of
friendship from the people of the United States. The mere suggestion shows that
they trust us implicitly. But the trouble is that we do not want tho Philippines.
In view of our daily increasing empire in Africa and of our obligations in China,
we shall do well to avoid unduly stretching the bow. Under these circumstances
there are three solutions which suggest themselves. Either the United States
should continue to hold these islands or should sell them to Japan — a state
friendiy both to the United States and to ourselves— or again they should be re
stored to Spain in exchange for Cuba. We could not with equanimity see one of
the great military powers of Europe— Russia or Germany— established there. We
are an Australasian as well as an Asiatic state, and we are therefore most deeply
interested in the future of Malaysia. But the Philippines are likely to prove a
new apple of discord; and there are possibilities of European intervention which
British and American statesmen will do well to consider and prepare to meet.—
London Daily Mail.
AS SPAIN SEES US.
Some Highly Interesting and Enter
taining Extracts From Madrid
Newspapers.
(From the Mexican Herald.)
Spain has some yellow journals
which could give New York papers
odds and then win. Here is an ex
tract from El Diario de Madrid intend-
Ed to fire the Iberian heart:
The scene in the plaza was one of
frightful slaughter. The brave Spaniards,
to the number of about 200, with their
beautiful wives and children, made a
stand in the public square near the ca
thedral fountain. On every side the
Yankee devils closed in. Cannons were
brought forward, and soldiers aimed their
muskets. At the signal the guns explod
ed, and the valiant victims fell writhing
in death agony. The soldiers then bay
oneted the wounded until they died. The
square ran with Spain's best blood.
This is hair-raising indeed, and think
what an idea the Spanish people must
be receiving of their foe!
A few pointers on the physical geog
raphy of the United States from El
Pais make interesting reading:
The country is not flt to live In. The
climate is execrable. When it is not sleet
ing or snowing the heat is almost un
bearable. Avalanches are frequent at all
times, and these threaten the principal
ctties. As for the people, besides the few
whites engaged In business along the
Eastern coast, the remainder of the coun
try is one vast plain, covered with In
dians, called cowboys, and great herds of
roaming cattle.
One asks himself if It is quite worth
•while to teach people to read if they
are to be intellectually fed on such
awful rubbish.
More "Geografia" from the leading
paper, El Heraldo:
All the troops of the Yankees are in the
far Western part of the country, many
thousand miles from the Atlantic Coast.
There are only a few thousand men, all
told, and they are ill paid and ill fed, and
not willing to flirht. To utilize this force
it will be necessary to bring it to the
Eastern sea.board. There is but one rail
way by which it can be transported, and
that is an old and poorly constructed af
fair. At on« place this railroad passes
over Niagara Falls, a cataract 1000 feet
high, near Labrador. At last accounts
the bridge at this place was in a very
dangerous condition. It need surprise no
one to learn that some agency his made
it still more so. It would serve the hate
ful pigs of Yankees right if their miser
able army was thus drowned.
The Imparcial, a little four-page pa
per which compares itself to the Lon
don Times, drops into history and
shows how Fitxhugh Lee is the "mismo
Lee" who surrendered after the Civil
War to ""General Lincoln."
An Havana telegram to the Impar
cial imparts this precious Information:
Word has just been received here that
the Indians are rising against the Yan
kees in Illinois, Ohio and other places.
The fanners are petitioning the Govern
ment to protect them from the blood
thirsty sav»g«». who are burning houses
and killing on every side. Troops are
asked for at Colorado, in the State of
Denver, and at St. Louis, in Missipa.
That the Americans are vegetarians
ALARM IN MEXICO.
and therefore physically weak Is al
leged by El Diario, which says:
The average height among the Ameri
icans is five feet two, axid they have
never produced an athlete. This is due
to their living almost entirely upon vege
tables, as they ship all their beef out of
the country, so eager are they to make
money. There is no doubt that one full
grown Spaniard can defeat any three
men in America.
THICKER THAN WATER.
We ain't the delight o1o 1 the nytioas, the dawlln*
and pet o' the world;
They winks when they sees us a-comln', their
lips Is sawcestlc'ly curled.
They 'as the oplnyun — it's one aa they don't
; tike no pines to cornceal—
Am we fights in the "ollest causes, but mikes
ar bit art o1o 1 the de?.!.
And trusts us. Bel levin* they knows Jest what
sort o' pertlter we are.
As far as they're ible ter chuck us— thenks be
' as-thet si me isn't far.
It'» winkln 1 , an' Krinnin', an' Jab'rin", an'
I don't go no further nor that.
But whichever* the poppliar nytlon. It Isn't
Grit* Britain— that's flat.
r>unno 'ow it Is. but it is to, and us and the
world don't agree;
P*rnap» we tikes un too much o' the atlas fur
one little speck in the sea.
< And sometime* we 'as bin in errer— lt's no
SXod a shlrkJn' the fact—
And sometimes when we've bin in errer its
somebody else 'as gort whaekt
'Arrerer It is. 'ere we're standln'— erect but
were standtn' alone.
And knows If we- warms a thing done then
' x a 7? ye on ter d 0 thet on ** own:
And w&SSTr 2»K5 S" 18 ayt!on9 '
" GrU^n?t ri^ nr no ( Vr t ,e;T^ a - brlCk ***' «-
wrlt^^on^^feffiV M
""'fcWS'.S/J ** *S '«"•". ihe *
A °l -StfZS •aYa th at 1 ia btlb t 1^ ce byb vt l?nl ?n JfiS*
™%l,^^r£«:, rou womts us
' — Ix>ndon Chronicle.
ADMIRAL SAMPSON'S FAMILY.
Rear Admiral Sampson was the son of i
a day laborer. Him
• x , H v wad horn ? years a &° Jn Palmyra.
->. i., when his Parents were in rather
straitened circumstances. "
His home Is within half an hour's ride \
from New .ork. a tasteful brown cot- 1
tag* at 117 Clark - street. Glen Ridge, N.
J. Everything about the place has the :
; wholesome quality of thoroughbred sim
, plicity.
The family consists of Mrs. Sampson.
cc . l £° stepdaughters, Olive Farrington
ana Hannah, commonly called "Nan."
and the two boys, who are Mrs. Samp- '
son s own sons— Ralph and Harold. There
axe two married daughters, who are also |
the children of Admiral Sampson's Bnt
wife. .Margaret, the elder, Is the wife of
' Lieutenant Roy C. Smith, and Kate, the
■ second, is the wife of Ensign H. H. Jack
son, who distinguished himself in Samoa
at the time of the great storm that drove '
American warship* ashore. 
Mrs. Sampson was Miss Elizabeth Bur- ■
ling of Rochester. - N.vY. : . She is a hand- j
• pome woman,"- considerably- above the- ay- :
erage ; height; ' and ; has . an unusually > '■ fine I
| carriage. She \ has ■ none of ', the • restless- j
ness that seems to be the portion of nine
tenths of modern women. Home and
family fill her iff*, to th>' exclusion of
broader fields and missions.
She has never permitted her picture to
be published in the papers, nor will she
allow anything like personal interviews.
CALIFORNIA'S HOSPITALITY.
Every heart in Oregon swells with pride
and gratitude at the grand reception
given to our boys in blue by the Cali
fornians. It comes with striking con
trast to the Oregonian's malignant libel
upon the fathers and mothers of Cali
fornia's native sons.
"They e&n be kind ladies and gentlemen
to our sons, and will receive the prayers
and expressions of gratitude of every
father and mother In the State of Oregon
who has a son or friend in the regiment.
Portland Morning Tribune.
■♦ » ■
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE MAlNE— Reader, Santa Maria,
Cal. The Maine was blown up on the 15th
of February.
RED CROSS SOCIETY— C. W., City.
For Information about the Red Cross So
ciety and how to join it, apply to the of
ficers of the society in the Claus Spreckelß
building. Market and Third streets.
LETTERS OF MARQUE— A. D. S..
Menlo Park, Cal. A. letter of marque is a
license or permission by the Government
to a private ship In time of war to sMz*
on the ships of another state, so ■
because the power issuing the sam
lowa a market or mart— that is, authoriz
ing the ninpnsal of the captured property.
It is piracy for a private vessel to make
war without letters of marque.
THE NAVT-YARD-E. W.. City. An
individual who wishes to obtain work as
a brickmason or carpenter at the navy
yard at Mare Island must file an applica
tion with the board of labor employment
on the island, where certain blanks fur
nished by the recorder of the board can be
obtained any working day. The applica
tion must be presented in person, and the
individual may be subjected to such an
examination as the board may determine
upon to ascertain the fitness as to char
acter and the competency of the aplicant.
WATER SUPPLY— M. K. T., City.
Then Is no record of who originated the
idea of water supply or water works. In
the earliest records of civilization are ac
counts of the digging 1 of wells and of
quarrels about the possession of them.
The "Pools of Solomon," near Bethlehem,
which remain now almost as perfect as
when built, were connected with a
scheme for supplying Jerusalem with
water. In Assyria and Persia, from the
earliest times water has been conveyed
to towns from gTeat distances In open
channels or canals and In subterranean
tunnels or kanats. In Egypt also, and
In China, gigantic works for conveying
water both for domestic use and for irri
gation havo been in existence from re
mote antiquity.
CRIMEAN WAR— M. R. and others,
City. Without an examination of the offi
cial records of the Beveral countries en
gaged in the Crimean war of 1554 and 1855
it is impossible to answer the question
"How many men were engaged in the Cri
mean war; that is, how many men were
furnished by the Russians, Fr«nch, Sar
dinians, the German division in the Eng
lish array, and the number of English,
Irish and Scotch engaged in the war?"'
Published statistics as to the number
furnished by each nation are not only
incomplete, but very unsatisfactory, as
with the exception of France It is not
possible to prepare an aggregate. The
French contingent was 309,268. The losses
by the allies in round numbers were:
France 80,000, England 22,000. Italy 2200 and
Turkey 30.000. Russian loss from all
causes, 90,000.
GENERAL AND LIEUTENANT— G. F.
W., City. The highest rank in the army
of the United States was general. It was
created for George Washington March 3,
1799, and it was abolished in 18u2- It was
revived in 1866 for U. S. Grant. He was
succeeded in that position by \V. T. Sher
man. On the retirement of Sherman No
vember 1, ISS3, the rank again became ex
tinct. It was revived for a short time —
from June to August, 1888 — for Lieutenant-
General Phil Sheridan, and since his death
in that year it had been vacant.
The office of lieutenant-general was first
created for Washington in 1798, and was
abolished the folowing year. It was re
vivt-i in 1555 for Winfleld Scott. Ir.
Grant was appointed to that grade, and
when he was appointed general the rank
went to Sherman. In 1881 Sheridan was
appointed to that rank, and it has not
been filled since Sheridan was appointed
general in 18S8.
THE ARMY— H. L. H., City. Before
the present war the strength of the regu
lar army of the United States was. aa
per reports of the 30th of June. 1897, 10
repiments of cavalry, 447 officers. 6010
enlisted men; 5 regiments of artilier;
officers. 3934 enlisted men: 25 regiments
of infantry, 910 officers, UJTI enlisted
men; engineer battalion, recruiting par
ties, ordnance department, hospital serv-.
ice, Indian scouts, signal and general
• • ::.J officers ana 25^ enlisted men;
making an aggregate of 2179 ofilct-rs and
•■nlisted men, making a grand total
i 532. Since the war there has been
added two regiments of artillery. Tho
I'nited States are divided into eight mili
tary departments: Th*» East, Missouri,
California and N'erada. Dakota.Texas. the
Colorado and the Columbia. The
rank in the army is major-general, briga
dier-general, colon-;, lieutenant colonel,
major, captain mounted, captain not
mounted, regimental adjutant, regimental
quartermaster, first lieutenant mounted,
second lieutenant not mounted, chaplain.
The arms in use. if you mean small arms
for the infantry, are the Krag-Jorgensen
rifles.
TOBACCO— J. F. M..Napa Soda Springs,
{ Cal. Th« various methods for preparing
; manufactured tobaco are too numerous to
detail in this department. After the
leaves have been dried cad cured the to
bacco is made up by twi-l:r.{r. pressing or
cutting, and it assumes various forms and
names. In the United States, as else
where. syrup and licorice are larger
used in the preparation. Smoking tobac
co is prepared from every grade and qual
ity, but usually from broken leaves, stems
[ and inferior parts, the finest being re
served for cigars. Cavendish Is made t>y
stripping the blades from the mid-ribs,
sprinkling them with an Infusion of to
! bacco from the stalks and other waste
parts and laying them In heaps to fer
ment. This darkens the color °; tne
leaves, and while they are still moist they
are laid smoothly on one another to o rm
cakes nine inches in length by three m
breadth. Then they are pressed b> pow -
erful machinery ' until v ei7 k P^^ h
NiKgerhead is formed into stlcksan inch
thick and eight or nine inches long They
are laid across each other and presseo,
and when pulled apart have a way ap
pearance, hence the name. «^ ail is a
Finest eyeglasses, specs; 15c. 66 Fourth.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend'*.*
Rare booka. valuable to any Person.
sate at Odd Fellows' Library. Seventh and
Market street. Great bargains. .....
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and pub ic i men b£ the
l'res-3 Clippinsf Bureau (Aliens), 10^ 1
gomery street. Telephone Main HH~
"Good gracious. George, how yon look!
What did you say to papa. . _r
"He didn't give me a chance to say
anything." . _'_.^
"Didn't you ask him for my nan a .
"I tell you he didn't give me a chance.
"What did he dor'
"He Just enlisted me In the company he
Is getting up arid told me to report for
duty to-morrow morning." — Cleveland
Plain Dealer.
. m ■
Excursion to Grand Canyon of the
Colorado.
A s*Jeet party of edoeators and scientists wtU
leave San Francisco Monday, .'vim ..«,". for ; th«
Grand Canyon of th« Colorado, In charge ,of
Professor Emory Smith 'of Palo Alto. Very
low rates have be«n made. an^ a pleasant and
prontable trip is . -sored. Full particular* v
Santa Fe office, «4 Market M.
: II yon lack appetite try half » wins |lvi of
Angostcua BiTtrßs half hoar betors dianer.
Made by Da. T. G. B. Siegebt * Soxs. ---.'■DECLARATIONS
OF NEUTRALITY
Attitudes Assumed by
Five Nations.
RUSSIA'S FRIENDLY STAND
KEENLY REGRETS OUTBREAK
OF HOSTILITIES.
Venezuela's Proclamation of Impor
tance Because of the Opera
tions of Cervera's
Fleet.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, May 25.
Tne consular reports give notice of
the declaration of neutrality by (ivo
countries— Russia, Greece, Venezuela,
th^ Netherlands and Canada. Particu
lar importance attaches to the declara
tion by Venezuela, beoauee her ports
would be of great value to the Spanish
as places of refuge and ;:s possible coal
supplies in the event that the declara
tion of neutrality was withheld. The
notice is dated Caracas, April 29. The
Minister of Foreign Affairs took action
on the day upon which he was notified
by Minister Loomis that the United
States had declared war. The notifica
tion does not go into details ;;s to the
rules of neutrality to be applied by
Venezuela, nor deal with tho question
as to whether coal is to be a contra
band or not. It expresses Venezuela's
position in the one sentence:
"The republic win preserve the strict
est neutrality during the contest."
The Dutch proclamation of neutral
ity, in addition to the usual forms, cau- i
tlotis all citizens of rhe Netherlands ;
from becoming in any way involved in i
privateering, and they are also en- i
Joined to respect the blockades. Touch- I
Ing the coal supply, the Dutch regula- :
ti.->n is that this shall be supplemented
only to the extent necessary to permit
the ship to reach the nearest port of j
the country to which it belongs, or that '
of one of its allies in the war. Being- ;
erents are forbidden to bring prizes into
the Netherlands waters.
The Canadian piSclamation is in the '
same terms as that of Great Britain ;
except as to the preamble.
The Russian declaration has one im- i
portant statement not usual in such i
cases, as follows:
"The disagreements which have re
cently arisen between Spain and the
United States of America have induced
the Imperial Government to seek, in
concert with the other powers, some
means which might prevent an armed
conflict between those two countries.
Unhappily, our friendly measures are
without results and a state of war now
exists between Spain and the United
States. It is with ko>-n regret that the
Imperial Government witnesses an
armed conflict between two states to
which it is united by old friendship and
deep sympathy. It Is firmly resolved
to observe with regard to the two bel
ligerents a firm and impartial neutral-
ity."
The Grecian declaration is contained
in a line stating that the strictest neu
trality will be maintained.
Taxpayers, do not be
deceived by the cry that
the charter is being op
posed by the corporations.
That- is a campaign lie, in
vented by the men who are
trying to fasten a Czar
Mayor upon the city in or
der that they may rule it.
Read the charter and vote
against it.
RESULTS OF GAMES
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS
Baltimore and New York the Only-
Teams in the First Division to
Meet Defeat.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING ;.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet i
Cincinnati ..21 7 .760, Pittsbur* ...16 15 .518
Cleveland ..21 8 .724 .Philadelphia 10 15 .400
Boston 19 11 .67S 1 Brooklyn ...10 la 100
New York. ..17 11 .607 ; Louisville ...10 21 .322
Baltimore ..14 10 .SS3:St. Louis ... 9 19 .321
Chicago 16 13 .6361 Washington . 6 22 .214
CLEVELAND. May 25.— The visitors !
played in very hard luck to-day, and they
were furthermore very careless. Cleve- :
land's playing was clean and spirited.
Attendance 500. Score:
K. H. E.
Cleveland 6 8 0
Washington ~4 9 4
Batteries— McAllister and O'Connor; fiwaim
and Farrell. Umpires— Lynch and Connolly.
ST. LOUIS, May 25.— The Bostons suc
ceeded In winning to-day's game from the
Browns in the seventh Inning, when Har
ley and Holmes made bad muffs, result
ing in five runs. Attendance 2000. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 8 7 2
Bt. Louis 4 8 3
Batteries— Nlchol* and Bei-gen; Taylor and
''lementß. Umpires— Hartman and Heydler.
CHICAGO, May 26.— Hanlon's Western
"phenom" was badly exploded to-day
when every one of the Orphans scored
and made at least one hit off him. Game
was called at the end of the seventh
Inning to allow Baltimore to catch train.
Attendance 2500. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 20 18 2
Baltimore .•••• • 4 5 5
Batteries— lsbell and Donahue and Chance;
Kitson and Bowerman and Clarke. Umpires—
Bnyder and Curry.
CINCINNATI, May Hawley won
his eighth game to-day, although he was
tilt harder than usual. Dunn was batted
much harder than the score shows. At
tendance 1750. Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 6 8 3
Brooklyn 4 6 3
Batteries— Hawley and Pelti; Dunn and
Ryan. Umpires— Swartwood and Wood.
PITTSBURG, May Donahue was an
easy mark, while Rhlnes kept the hits
widely scattered. Ganzol at first was put
out of the game in the third Inning for
questioning a decision of Emslle. At
tendance 1200. Score:
R. H. B.
Plttßburgr 8 14 1
Philadelphia ;.... I »6 3
Batteries— Rhlnes and Schrlver; Donahue and
McFarland. Umpires— Emslle and Andrews.
LOUISVILLE, May Frazer out
pitched the mighty Rusie, and .but for the
errors of the Colonels the Giants would
have been shut out. Attendance 500.
•B• BC ° re: R. H. E.
Louisville 8 11 6
New York •••-•• -4 ,■' 0
Batteries— Fra*er and Snyder: Rusle and
Warner. Umpires— McDonald and ODny.
If the lead in your pencil is poor, try the
famous "Koh-I-Noor." *
Funeral of a Pioneer.
SAN JOSE. May 25.— The funeral of
ffarry A. Wemple. a pioneer resident of
santa Clara County, took place thi» after
noon from his residence on North P'ourth
streot. He was a native of New York and
seventy-eight years of age.
WILLBENEFITTHERICH
How Mayor Phelan Ignored the
Small Property-Holders.
It is apparent that in the selection
of the Committee of One Hundred
Mayor Phelan took advantage of his
authority to select such men as were
not antagonistic to the idea of framing
;i fundamental law that would be to
the advantage of the wealthier classes
ami to the detriment of the small land
owner. The charter as it now stands
has for its dominant feature the grant-
Ing of authority to issue bonds that will
be a perpetual tax on the land owner
of moderate means whose fortune does
n<<\ permit him to derive the benefits
That will accrue to the aristocratic
bondholder.
In tlie selection of* lite Com
mittee Mayor Plielan prac.
tically ignored tlmt portion of
th»» city where the greater port
of tlie property in owned l>y
people in moderate circiini-
Mtnnces. From tlie Twenty
cig;iiiii, TWeiity-nintli, Thir
tieth, Xhirty-lirst, Thirty-«eo
ond acid Thirty-third Assem
bly districts — a territory com.
pricing; one-tliird ol" the total
area of the city and county— he
appointed Suit live representa
tive*, and one of these wn» not
a property-holder.
The majority of the property holders
in these districts are opposed to an
aristocratic government such as Is con
templated by the proposed charter, and
it may be that it was a knowledge of
this fact that actuated the Mayor in
refusing to give the district proper rep
resentation.
TWO PUGILISTIC
CONTESTS ARRANGED
First Is to Take Place Late in
June, and the Principals
Will Begin Training
Immediately.
NEW YORK, May 25. — Tom
O'Rourke, manager and match-maker
of the Lenox Athletic Club of Uiis city,
succeeded to-day in obtaining two first
class boxing contests for his club. He
expected to match "Kid" McCoy and
Ji>e Goddard, but instead he has ob
tained the signatures of McCoy and
Choynski for a twenty-five round bout,
the incentive being a purse of $10,000.
The contest will take place at the
Lenox Athletic Club on Monday, June
27, and the men will begin training im
mediately.
In addition to this O'Rourke has ar
ranged a twenty-five round contest be
tween Joe Goddard and Peter Maher
for a purse of $8000.
The heavy-weights signed articles
this afternoon to meet at the Lenox
Athletic Club on the night of July 25.
GREAT COURSING EVENT.
Heavy Stakes for Three Days' Cours
ing at the Union Association
Park.
I The largest number of dogs that has
! ever been entered for a coursing meeting
j In this State was booked last evening for
the grand meeting which will be held at
Union Coursing Park, commencing on
Saturday and ending on Monday.
In the all-aged stake there are eighty
four dogs; in the pappy stake twenty-six
dogs and In the sapling -stake twenty
dogs. The total amount of prizes, includ
ing specials, is JI2SO, and that speaks for
Itself, proving that coursing is rapidly
drawing favor from the sport of kings,
viz.: horse racing.
On Monday the Union Coursing Park
management will turn over all moneys
taken in at the gate to the officers" of the
Bed Cross Society, and they desire that
The Call state that those favored with
day and season admission cards will not
present them on Monday next at the
gate. : >'-?';7i'f
The drawings resulted as follows:
Puppy stakes— E. V. Sullivan's Jiona Deo vs.
Crontn A: McDonald's Thornhlll; K. E. de
Lopez' Arrow vs. It. C Scott's Daisy Dean; J.
A. Watson's Sky Queen vs. 11. B. Kay's Kil
larney Lass; C. Li, Wtllet'l Jersey Lily vs. K.
Wilson's Magnus; J. J. Edmonds" Morning
Glory vs. Orient kennel's Magneto; Deckelman
& Panerio'e Royal Oak vs. Holmes & Shll
llsh's Se&rfpin; O. H. Hoag's Xopsy Cannon
vs. E. Wilson's Magnesia; O. H. Hoag Jr.'s
Obadiah vs. J. F. Wemyer's Sunbeam; Larkey
.v Rock's Liberty Bell vs. J. A. Watson's Miss
Skyrocket; Pasha, kennel's Rich and Artless vs.
J. Murphy's Dempsey Lass; H. F. Kills' Liver
more Maid VS. T. E. Lovelady's Meta; R. E. de
Lopez" Quiver vs. Larkey & Rock's Minerva;
BarteU Bro».'s Mac's Meleody vs. Pasha ken
nel's Rest Assured.
Sapling stake — J. Anthony's Statesman vs.
W. Healey's Iron Duke; J. Kiernan's Yosemite
vs. F. A. McComb't Royal Flusn; Calamity
Kennel's Banner Bearer vs. D. J. Healey's
Sheridan; Pembrook Kennel's Petronlus vs.
B. and S. Kennel's Butter Scotch; Pasha Ken
nel's Regular Army vs. John Kerrigan's Laila
Rookh; D. J. Healey's Xeedham vs. B. Dough
erty's Heather Dell; F. A. McComb'a Motto vs.
J. H. Lambert's Campania; James O'Brien's
Admiral Devvey vs. John Kerrigan's St. Ger
trude; M. C. Delano's Trinket vs. J. Shaw's
Lucky Doe; F. A. McComb's Flush vs. K. V.
Sullivan's Joker.
AU-aged stake prizes— s2oo, $110, $70. $40, $20,
$10 ami twenty-one at $15. With the special
prize Included this stake amounts to 1840,
Entries— Curtis & Son's Vanity Fair vs.
Cronin & McDonald's Dottle Dimple; J. Me-
Cormlck'a Rapid vs. R. C. Scott's Mystery; M.
Michallk's Fireball vs. Pembrook Kennel's
Terrona; J. A. Harrison's Hettie M. vs. Daniel
Kaher's Bell of Moscow; Deckelman & Pan
erlo'a Chloe vs. Joseph Cox" Clifton Lass; P.
Ryan's Royal Stag vs. J. Connell's Log Boy;
E. V. Sullivan's Jester vs. Pembrook Kennel's
The Turk; M. Ryan's Kill Boy vs. R. W. Mas
tic Border's Valentine; R. B. Kay's Diana vs.
M. Nealon's Van Knap; H. C. Ostrlm's Brown
Eagle vs. T. C. Ingersol's Glenwood; E. V. Sul- ]
livan's Electric vs. B. Dougherty's Tessie Fair; ■
Ford & Duffy's Trlnk vs. Pasha Kennel's i
Metallic; M. Mehollek's Blr "Walter vs. R. E. '■
de Lopez Minneapolis; Thomas McEldonney's ;
Gossoon vs. K. V. Sullivan's Mira Monte; i
E. J. Healey's Silver Night vs. Curtis & Son's \
Commodore; J. geggerson's White Chief vs. J. '
Connell Senorlta: Curtis & Son's Maud H vs. j
J. J. Warren's Sweet Lips; S. E. Portal's At I
Last vs. J. J. Edmond a Forßet; Pembrook
Kennel s Slyvanius vs. F. Sullivan's Hicks;
J. Lennon's Little Doubt vs. J. McKnell's
Sportsman; J. T. Rodgers* Preclta Girl vs.
Pasha Kennel's Arapahoe; E. V. Sullivan's
Jesse Moore vs. Newman & Frank's Decorator;
A. Johnson's Tod Sloan vs. At Austin's Doug
las; Larkey & Rock's Hercules vs. E i V Sul
livan's Flying Buck; (J. Strehl's Star Pointer
vs. A. Johnson's Llssak; O. Smart's SUkwood
vs. Orient Kennels Promise Me; J. Monk
house's Black Pete vs. D. Dickson's
Jimmy Hope; Curtis & Son's McKinley
vs. B. V. Sullivan's Bkyball; M. C. De
lano's Tencut vs. T. J. Cronln's Magnet;
D. Ford's Bonlta vs. F. Murphy's Lady Grace;
J. McKnell'a Master Glenkirk vs. Pasha Ken
nel's Firm Friend; 8. E. Portals Laurel wood
vs. Al Austin's Glenstone; Larkey & Rock's
Myrtle vs. Curtis & Sons' Lady Campbell: T
Boyle's Mission Boy vs. F. C. Mark's Black
Pattl: H. C. Fleming's General vs. J. McCor
mack's White Lily; E. Scott's Lord Byron vs !
E. V. Sullivan's Mercy May; J. H. Smith's I
Bendigo vs. R. E. de Lopez' Wlnona; J. Per
rlgo's Chili Pepper vs. J. J. Edmonds' Move
On; Pasha Kennel's Gilt Edge vs. D J
Healey's Rusty Oold; J. F. Rodgers" Little
Dottle vs. T. M. Itodgers' Oljra; A. Dalss' Bur
lington vs. F. A. McComb's Oleen; R. B. Kay's
Eclipse vs. P. A. Williams' Minnie E.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Misalon.
Vote against the new
charter because the pro
visions relating to civil
service are a promise to
the ear to be broken to the
hope, for they are mani
festly unconstitutional.
DIED.
MT.'RPHY— In this city, at Ocean View, May
25, 1898, after a brief Illness of pneumonia,
William, beloved husband of Mary J- Mur
phy, and father of Maud. u'UUain. Harry
and Alll* Murphy, a natire <si Millstreet.
County Cork, Ireland, aged 52 years.
LklK SAN FKAJN CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 20, 1898.
DR. JORDAN
ON THE WAR
Says America Should
Not Hold Cuba.
IT WOULD BE COWARDLY
OURS A WAR OF MERCY, NOT
OF CONQUEST.
National Policy Discussed in His
Annual Address to the Grad
uates of Stanford Uni
versity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERS: iT.May 25.—
With the conferring of degrees to
day the exercises of commencement
week came to a clor \ The degree of
bachelor of arts was conferred on 161
students. Ten degrees of master of arts
and two of dcct-- of philosophy were
given.
The feature of the day was the an
nual address by President Jordan, in
which he dwelt upon the war with
; Spain and held that this nation should
! not hold conquered territory. Dr. Jor
dan sa-id:
With you and such as you lies the so
| lution of the problems in the century to
j come. This is my Justification in speak-
I ing to you of the problems of the day.
For this year of IS9B marks one great
crisis in out national life. Its stern de
mands are on us, though we be yet un
conscious. Before wo realize the Im
portance of the choice, the hour for
choosing shall have passed. Twice before
in the history of our republic has a great
crisis come to us, and each time In the
past has our choice been a wise one.
The first crisis followed the War of the
Revolution. Its question was this:
! What relation shall the emancipated
I colonies bear to one another? The answer
was the American constitution, the fed
eration <U self-government and united
states. The second crisis came through
the growth of slavery. The union of the
States could not endure, half slave, half
! free.
The third great crisis is on us now
The war with Spain is only a part of it
|an Incident in the great movement. The
question is not, Can we capture Manila ,
Havana, I'orto Rico or the Canaries? It
is not what we take or what we hold.
j The American navy and the American
, army can accomplish all we ask of them
j with time and patience.
Hattles are foug-ht to-day through en
| gineering and technical skill, not through I
I personal fearlessness and dash. The
great cannon speaks the language of ;
science and individual courage is help
less before it. The standing of our navai j
officers In matters of engineering is be- j
join: question. They are all abreast of the !
times. There are a hundred nameless
lieutenants in our warships alone who. if
opportunity offered, could write their
names beside those of Grenville and
Nelson and Farragut arid Dewey. The!
glory of Manila is not dim before that
of Mobile eriU. Trafalgar.
The cool strength and soberness of
lankee courage added to the power of
naval engineering could meet any foe on
earth on equal terms, and here the terms
are not equal. Personal fearlessness our
adversaries possess, and that is all they
have. That we have in like measure.
Everything else is on our side. We train
our guns against the empty shell of a I
medieval monarchy, broken, corrupt
\\ nether we are right or wrong in our
main contention we cannot fail to win.
It is too late now to ask how we got
into the war. Was it Inevitable? Was it
wise? Was it righteous? No need to iisk
these questions, because the answers will
not help us. We have our doubts as to
one or all of these, but all doubts we
must keep to ourselves. We are in the
midst of battle and must fight to the end.
Th« crisis comes when fhe war is over, i
What then? Our question is not "What
will we do with Cuba, Porto Rico and the I
Philippines?" It is, "What will these
prizes do to us?" Can we let go of th*m
in honor or in safety? If not, what if we
hold them? What will be the reflex effect
of great victories, suddenly realized
strength, the patronizing applause, the
ill-concealed envy of great nations, the
conquest of strange territory', the raising '
of our flag beyond the seas? All this is
new to us. It is un-American; It is con
trary to our traditions; it is delicious; it
is intoxicating.
After speaking on the minor results
! of the war Dr. Jordan referred to the
| retention of the territory which we
! will capture and in answer to the ques
; tion: 'Why shall we not hold Cuba If
i she becomes ours by conquest °" he
| said:
Because that would be a cowardly thing
1 to do. The Justification of her capture
is that we do not want her. It we want
I Cuba, common decency says we must let
her .tlone. Ourq is a war of mercy, not
'of conquest. This we have plainly de
clared to all nationß, and we meant what
we said. If we retire with clean hands It
: must be because our hands are empty. To
I keep Cuba would be to do as nations have
j done in the p;ust — perhaps, a.s England
would do If she were in our place.
Dr. Jordan spoke of the changing
policy of the Government since "Wash
ington's message and said:
The America of which Washington
! dreamed should grow strong within her
; Belf, should avoid entangling alliances
with foreign nations, should keep out of
i all fights and all friendships that are not
her own. If a different policy 1r pursued
our Government must be changed for our
changing needs. We must give up the
i checks and balances in our constitution.
'■ If we are to deal with the crises in for
! elgn affairs we must meet them not as
jwe have met the Cuban question. We
! cannot move accurately and quickly un
; der the joint leadership of a conservative
; and level-headed President, a hysterical
I or venal Senate and a House Intent on
: its own re-election.
Professor Walter Miller delivered the
i commencement address, entitled "The
i Old and the New." He said In part:
The land in which we live is called "the
i New World," and our individual lot Is
i cast In the newest part of it. The prob
:.- 1 , i r-- — educational as well as political—
which our country has had to face are,
many of them, new. We have grown up
as far as we have grown, under the stim
i ulus of conditions all our own. We have
i been bound by no distant past nor ham
| pered by the traditions of the land from
which our fathers came. Most of our
i short national life has so far been an ex
! poriment. What the experiment will prove
I will be known when our young Western ]
I world has grown to age. In tne mean- i
I time all the civilized world is watching !
I with eager eyes each new stage of our ex- ,
! perimenting.
In our present state w© are generally ,
j accused of being a nation of mediocrity,
except in bulk. One century has seen us
suddenly transformed from 3,000,000 sub
ject colonists on the Atlantic seaboard
into a nation of 60,000,000 sovereign citl
sens, whose dominion reaches from ocean
to ocean. Similarly, our culture is full ,
grown but Immature, like a boy of sixteen
six feet tall.
The like of our system (or want of sys- '
tern) of education was never seen nor I
dreamed of before. Our grammar school
may find its counterpart in the Old
World; but our American high school is
neither the English grammar school nor |
the German gymnasium nor the French
lycee. Our American college may be tne !
outgrowth of the Oxford and Cambridge I
idea further developed, but the American i
university is not the English university
nor the German university. It is a mixed i
product grown under new conditions on J
new soil.
Professor Miller called our present
system with its 481 colleges and uni
versities a development with the vari
ous additions and other changes that
come with growth out of the education i
of past ages. Our whole r..odern civili
zation he spoke of as but a gTaft, and .
said that the ster- 1 when followed down
would show the roots deep In the sacred j
soil of Greece and Lome. In reference
to the former he said:
The art of Greece has been the Inspira
tion, the wonder and the despair of all ar
tists since the day when the lofty spirit of
Hellenic greatness began to flag. Teat
age saw, in at. least some stratum of so
ciety, man at his highest and best since
his creation, both mentally and physical
ly. And so it is our right and duty to ask
how that condition was realized, and why
we, with the exnmple of their successes
and their failures, and with the addition
of the spirit that was Introduced by way
of Bethlehem and Calvary, cannot attain
that, and better than that, by the addi
tion of the moral and spiritual strength
that is ours from on high.
He said the . roblems that the young
Athenians of brains and power had to
face were not so vei-- different from
those which confront t*« : oung Ameri
can. Their polity, he asserted, was as
ours is called, a democracy — a govern
ment of the people by the people. Their
youth must therefore have been fitted
(and so must oura) not only for good
citizenship, but for the highest duties
of citizens, who are also rulers. He
presented the main features of the
Athenian education, emphasizing their
love of the beautiful and showing that
a broad foundation was the only one
on which one could build well. In con
clusion he remarked:
You have yor.r life problems to face
not alone these literary, intellectual and
educational problems, the proper solution
of which will raise us above the present
hopeful level of Philistine vulgarity •which
we are accused of occupying, and make
us leaders of the world In things of pure
intellect as well as in lines of mechanical
application of scientific principles. This is
yours to bring about; but you have also
.iupt as serious social, economic and polit
ical problems, and the world looks to you
to solve thorn. The question of finance
must bo answered by college men; the re
lation of capita! to labor, the question of
trusts, of marriage nnd divorce, and of
the reform of municipal government, the
annihilation of that worst enemy of edu
cation and morals, that legalized destroyer
of men and property — the saloon. These
are grave problems which call for the ap
plication of the best minds and strongest
characters our colleges can develop.
PRESIDENT JORDAN AND
THE NEW CHARTER
XASMiN HOUSE,
Stanford University.
I believe that the chief
cause of the failure of mu
nicipal government in the
United States lies in the
conversion of the public
service into patronage to
be distributed among per
sonal favorites and parti
san workers. The pro
posed charter of San Fran
cisco perpetuates this con
dition of the distribution
of patronage by individuals
and cliques. It therefore
offers mighty little prom
ise of reform, either in ef
fectiveness or in economy.
DAVIDSTARR JORDAN.
Vote agaiQst the charter
because urjder it Golden Gate
ParK canrjot be properly im
proved.
COMPANY G VICTORIOUS.
Recognized as the Most Efficient in the League of the Cross
Will Retain the Montgomery Trophy.
Before an enthusiastic and wildly cheering crowd in Mechanics' Pavi
lion the Montgomery trophy was Tuesday night presented to Company G,
I-eague of the Cross Cadets, "to have and to hold." This medal has al
ready been awarded twice to Company G, and the company winning- three
successive times is privileged to keep it.
The exercises opened with an overture by the L,eagne of the Cross band,
which has improved wonderfully since its organization. This was follower,
by several other selections, amonp which wns a descriptive piece, entitled
"The Cavalry Charge." At the close of this the band struck up a lively
inarch and the regiment made Its entry, when it was reviewed by Generals
Merrh'm and YVarficlrt, who complimented the boys warmly on their fine ap
jk.nance. The colors of the regiment were draped in black, and each offi
cer wore a bunch of black crape on his saber in memory of Sergeant McCar
thy, formerly lieutenant of Company O, who died at the Presidio Sunday.
Colonel Sullivan announced that the companies to take part in the drill
would be G, D, A and H in the order named.
Company G, resplendent in new uniforms, appeared first. The boys loolrod
a little nervous, but on their fac°s was the stamp of energy and determina
tion, which in all probability accounts for their success. The work was
clean cut, without a flaw or a break, and from the start th»>re was little
doubt that they would be the winners. Captain E. J. Powers gave his
orders in clear tones, and the company obeyed as one man. The other
companies followed in order, and while there were no bad "breaks" tha ap
pearance was poorer, owing to a numher of petty flaws. Company A made
a first-class appearance and pushed G very hard. The judges were Cap
tains George H. Gale of the Fourth United States Cavalry and T. J. Hay of
the United States Volunteers.
The hospital corps under Major J. G. Morrissey grave an exhibition drill
which showed it to be well up in its work. The entire regiment then ap
peared on parade under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas F. Ryan
and formed in a cordon two deep around the building aa the announcement
of the winning company was made, and Archbishop Riordan presented the
medal.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ._ - ..
® ® ® ® ®"® ®®©®©®®®®©®®©©®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
j ® ®
® - ■ ®
® With Strong Nerves, Clear Brain and ®
® . Vigorous Physical Strength. |
1" ■"■"/» €\ SUCH YOU CAN BE. j
® fpl!*f j\ Yv» What has been done can ®
!® L%& j£\JLm^*J I 1 be done. It is wrong to as- ®
® i!»s&/r ■-*•">! 1 sor j. that strength ouca lost 0
® ■"•■"■ ' "^ifeW cannot be restored. It has ®
IWi \ * "l^§ill* beon doue ' Dr " Sanden ' 8 ®
® is Yv. • "^. / J^P Electric Belt has restored the @
® *& \\[ -9J. I vigor of manhood to many ®
?! '^M^il^^mi^ thousands of men who had ®
® f "^^^^^^^^^S f almoBt g iven U P e> Ifc ©
® has been done,, and it can be ®
® mx^*" J!^'^^'^i^^^Pl^B done." It is being done every ®
® - . ®
I Read the Book "Three Classes of Men." I
® ®
® *It is worth $100 to any man who is not what he ®
® ought to be. It will be sent, closely sealed, free upon |j
© application. Call and examine this famous Belt if pos- ©
i® sible. Call or address ®
I® • ®
® FLFCTRIT CO *— * ®
& srtnucn f-i-cv. i mv. \^v. " IMPORTANT NfITIPF ®
® 702 Market Street, Corner Geary, Ban rransUco. . llwrUn I I IIUIIWfc... @
® Office hours— B a. m. to Bp. m. : Sundays, 10 ' r> r Sanden'B offices ®
;to 1. Branches at Log Angelea. Cal., South ore now at 702 Market - fa
Broadway; Portland.; Or.. 253 Washington Bt . : ■ are • now .. at . 705 ,, MarKet is <•>
(i) Denver. : Colo.. ■. 931 : Sixteenth - st. ; Dallas, Tex. - Street, corner ; Geary. , g>
® 2SsMainBt - : - , , : : . .-■ .. ••; :*— — — — T~-7fr*;:e
i® ©©©©©©® ® ® ® ® ® ® ®©© ® ® ®®®®®©®® ® ® ® ® ® © ©
VICTIM OF
DYEA THUGS
Citizen of Sheep Camp
Shot Down.
RECEIVES MORTAL WOUNDS
ATTACKED FOR DENOUNCING
GAMBLERS.
Declared That Government Officials
Were in League With Knights
of the Green
Cloth.
Special Dispatch to Tha CaJl.
DTEA, May 20 (viu Nanalmn, May 25).
— On Saturday W. F. Gregg, an auc
tioneer of Sheep Camp came down to
Dyea as a delegate from that town to
the Dyea Chamber of Commerce to in
sist upon police protection. He boldly
stated that three shell men and gamb
lers were having everything their own
way and charged that a United States
Commissioner and a United States
Deputy Marshal had been standing In
with them. For this he was waylaid
here and mortally wounded and he will
probably die before morning.
Mr. Gregg has several times boldly
spoken his mind about these gentlemen
who toll not. On Tuesday he had a
tent to move. Some men lounging- about
a saloon asked him what he would pay.
He offered 50 cents an hour and they
Jeered at him. He got other men to
move the tent and when coming back
with it they rushed at him and took
his revolver from him and also hla tent.
He went after another revolver and the
ijroup of gamblers scattered.
At 5 o'clock this morning one of the
gang, Patrick Malone, brandished a re
volver In f-ont of Gregg's cabin and as
Gregrg did not come out he fired through
the door. Gregg fired back and when
five shots had been exchanged Malone's
friends took him away. Gregg was
found to be mortally wounded. There
Is now no Marshal at Dyea and Ma
lone, offering to give himself up, one
had to be sworn in by telephone from
Skagruay.
The sun yesterday uncovered two
more bodies in the great snow slide at
the Scales. They were found just as a
Mr. Patterson of Tacoma, friend of the
two victims, reached there to search
for them. They were the bodies of A.
H. Coming and R. B. I.aughlin of Ta
coma. Their outfits have been un
claimed on the summit since the slide,
which led to a belief that they were
among the missing. When Mr. Pat- j
terson reached the Scales the snow had .
melted, showin n tent covering. Un- I
der this was found the bodies. The men
had evidently been asTeep at the time
of the slide and their faces were as
placid as if they were still asleep.
There is a rumor that last week two
men setting out in a boat down Lake
Tagish wpre accosted by three Indians,
who asked for a ride. This being re
fused the Indians fired on the men,
killing one and dangerously wounding
the other. The Indians were arrested I
by the mounted pol > tried, and, it Is
said, condemned to be hanged to-mor
row morninr.
Vote against tf)« new char
ter because it fixes the maxi
mum aroount that n>ay be
allowed the Tax Collector for
collecting licenses and taxes
at $36,000 per year. This
amount would be insuffi
cient to eroplcy tfoe neces
sary force. The Tax Collector
qow pays for deputies $35,
000 a year, and they collect
no licenses.
BRIDGE JUMPER'S FEAT.
Plunges Into the Mississippi Prom
Merchants' Bridge at St. Louia.
ST. LOUIS, May 25.— Kearney Speed,
known all over the country as a nervy
bridge jumper, dived from the Merchants'
bridge into the Mississippi River to-day
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALL mm ■ ■ ffIVER points
; BY
ALASKA COMMERCIAL GO'S
STEAMERS.
THE PIONEER LINE,
ESTABLISHED ON THE RIVER 1869.
SIX FAST AND COMMODIOUS RIVER STEAMERS NOW IN SERVICE AND ONT
the river; six new steamers building in addition and will be ready to run when naviga-
tion opens.
Passengers by our line are assured IMMEDIATE CONNECTION AT ST. MICHAEL
and other advantages accruing from the fact of our having stations and warehouses at all
Important points on the river, having facilities which, as the result of our SO years' ' experi-
ence In the country, far excel anything that can be offered by others.
OUR RIVER FLEET WILL CONSIST OF THE FOLLOWING STEAMERS :
ALICE, HANNAH, SAIDIE, BELLA,
SARAH, VICTORIA, MARGARET, SUSIE,
YUKON, LEAH, 'LOUISE, W. H. SEWARD.
They are specially adapted to the trade and fitted with every possible appliance and Im-
provement for speed, safety, comfort and the peculiar conditions of the traffic, which our long
connection with the business has given us unequaled opportunities to cope with.
■ OUR OCEAN FLEETWILL CONSIST OF:
Steamer ST. PAUL— New Steel Steamer, 2300 tons.
Steamer PORTLAND, Steamer BERTHA, - Steamer DORA
" > Th« last three vessels are favorably known to all who have traveled via St. Michael, and
the new St. Paul will be the finest and best appointed vessel on this run.
Sailing Dates from San Francisco About June sth and at Short
Intervals Thereafter.
The advantages wo offer are immediate connection at St. Michael and our superior facili-
ties for handling the traffic. We can start up the river the moment navigation opens.
OUR BOATS ARE THERE AND READY.
Letters of credit and certificates of deposit Issued payable at our stations on the river. In
connection with WKL'>, F*KGO & CO. we have established a parcel express service
> reaching all points on tna river. The company also maintains stations and does a general
' transportation and trading business at all points in Western and Southern Alaska, including
Copper River, Cooks Inlet, Turnapain Arm, etc., etc. t
Steamer Dora. Sltka to Unalaska and way ports, leaving Sltka June 10. for all point* In
South Eastern and Western Alaska.
For rates or further particulars apply to
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY,
310 Sansome Street,
SAN FRANCIBCO, CAL.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
LAST 4 NIGHTS-MATINEE SATURDAY.
ROBERT B. MANTELL,
And a Select Company. Management of M. W.
Hanley
TO-NIGHT AND THURSDAY,
"MONBARS."
Remainder of Week-"THE FACE IN THE
MOONLIGHT." .
EXTRA!
Beginning NEXT MONDAY. MAY 30. -
Mr. John H. Martin Presents
MR. CLAY CLEMENT
IN
THE NEW DOMINION
An Excellent Company in Support.
SEATS NOW READY.
BALDWIN THEATER.
TO-NIGHT— TIME,
JIBS. MARY ELIZABETH LEASE.
In Lecture, "SIGNS OF OUR TIMES."
Friday and Saturday Night and Saturday
Matinee, the Great Violinist,
. . . .YSAYB. ...
Accompanied by the World's Greatest Cellist.
GERARDY, and the Distinguished Pianist,
- LACHAUME. . .
Prices it, II 60, » and 60c.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
The Strongest Specialty Company on Tour.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
HOPKINS TRANS-OCEANIC STAR
SPECIALTY CO.,
Headed by Frank Gardner and His Wonderful
Trained Riding Baboon, JESSIE.
LITTLE LULU, the Marvelous Trape.se Artist.
10— OTHER BIG ACTS— IO
Popular Prices, 16c, 25c and 50c.
Special Holiday Matinee Next Monday.
EZRA KENDALL, Original Monologuist. . •
CARROLL JOHNSON," Famous Minstrel.
AL LEACH AND THE THREE ROSEBUDS.
COLBY & WAY, Ventriloquist and Dancing
Doll; HARRY ALLISTER. Impersonator; BA-
VANS Acrobatic Comedians; MANHATTAN
COMEDY FOUR; JEROME & BELL. .Posi- '
tively last two nights of KERNER'S
VISIONS OF ART. New subjects.
Reserved seats, 23c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Beats, 50c. Performance be-
gins at 8 p. m.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
lira. Ernestine Krellng. Proprietor and Manager
THIS EVENING.
AN ARTISTIC TRIUMPH.
The Musical Travesty,
"THE POSTER"
Libretto by J. P. WILSON and L. Q. CAR- j
PENTER.
Music by CHESTER S. PACKARD.
, "IT MOVES— BREATHES."
MFW SCENERY, COSTUMES. 1
I"LTT BALLETS. EFFECTS. .-'■
Popular Prices.. ...150 and 800 .
No Telephone.
MOROSGO'S. GRAND OPERA-HOUSE :
Waiter M0r05c0.......50te Lessee and Manager.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday. -■
EVENING .PR1CE5.................. 10c. 25c. 50c j
Great Hit of TDE ELLEFORDS in
♦'MRS. PARTINGTON AND HER
SON IKE."
Laughing Thousands Declare It a Success.-
ALCAZAR. SEATS BY
ALLAZAW phone, i
MAIN 254.
•LAST FOUR" NIGHTS.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
LEWIS MORRISON,
- In his great success
"YORICK'S UOVEI"
'i";.^." Prices; Ha, IBc, ; 35c, EOc.' ■
Monday • Decoration Day Matinee.
' "THE MASTER .OF : CEREMONIES." ' '
SUTRO BATHS. .
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally from 7 a. in. until 11 p.^m......
ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN 5c
"j. Bathing, ' with admission, 2ac; children, 20c. '
and escaped unhurt. The distance was 128
feet, and the fact that the river was very
hiffh and running with driftwood mane
the feat a perilous one. Only three per
sons were present, one of them being a
newspaper man.
Vote against the Qewcbar
tcr because it fixes no limit
to the salaries of tbesuperin
tendents, engineers, survey
ors, deputies, architects, etc.,
of the Board of Public Wor^s,
but everywhere else in the
charter particular pains are
ta^en to establish maxi
mums. Section 4 authorizes
the Mayor to approve the
bor)ds of the n)embers of this
board. Thus he will become
its ruler. t\e appoints it, re
moves it and approves its
bonds.
AMUSEMENTS.
- - - --_. _-._, --■--_,---.___--
RAGES! EACES! EACES!
Next Friday!
Next Friday I
AT THE
OAKLAND TRACK
■ •■ ' ■
FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ■ ,
Red Cross Society
Am>
Sanitary Commission of California
Under the Auspices of th* l-\** .
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
And the
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
FIVE RACES.
ADMISSION $1. SOLDIERS 50c.
:■■■--- ;_ ■ -^ v ..-.»'
SPECIAL BOATS leave at 11. W:M. 1. 1:88. 3,
2:30 and i p. m., connecting with train* run-
ning direct to the track gate.
Plenty of room and seats for all.
Returning, special trains leave race track at
; 4:16 and 4:45 and Immediately after th« last
race.
1 Purchase ticket* at ferry depot for Shell
Mound. '■ ' ." .■
THE KNEISEL QUARTETTE
WOl GIVE
A MATINEE TO-DAY AT 3 O'CLOCK AT -
SHERMAN, CL/*>" HALL.
ALWIN SCHROEDER, Soloist.
Prices ..........:............ ......J2 and $1 50
LAST CONCERT FRIDAY EVENING.
Seats now on Bale at Sherman, Clay A Co.'s,
Butter and Kearny streets. , "*'"''.'
THE DEPARTURE OF THE PEKING
Was Captured Yesterday by the Animatosoope
and is Shown
\ EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
AT THE CHUTES.
-•■ - A Great Vaudeville Performance In " the ,'
FREE THEATER.
SOLDIERS -AT THE CHUTES - EVER"!
EVENING.
'^VISIONS OF ART," Etc.
10c to All, Including Zoo. etc.; Children, Be.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now : open every Sunday during the season. .'
Music, Dancins. Bowlins. , Boating. Pishing
and other amusements.
- Refreshments at , : city "prices. Pare, round
trip. 25c: Children. 15c; Including admla»io»
to grounds.
».<"., —THE STEAMER UKIAH— '
Will leave Ttburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m.. HUB.
I and 4 p. m. Returning, leave ,El Campo at
11:15 a. m.. 1. 3 and 5 p. m. .' :-:-•'•.■ • ■-
Of VMPI4 I Ce ">" o' Mi »on *ni
ULIiUfIH I Eddy Struts
\ More soul-ir.splrit'.g war scenes. ' new life ■ pic-
tures by ths Biograph. , the greatest of, perf ecto- -
scopes. United States and Spanish troops, bat-
tleships, torpedo , boats ! and ~ thrilUng ■ Havana
scenes. and a : strong olio of ten Great ' Special- ; -
■ ties. Matinee every Sunday. Admission free.
78
FOREIGN
COMMENT
CHANGED
Press of France and Ger=
many Entirely Changes
Its Attitude.
Newspapers of Paris Are Hedg=
ing and Reflect the Nervous
Feeling.
Copj-rlKhted, 189S, by James Gordon Bennett. !
PARIS, May 25.— There 1b nothing
more remarkable in Paris — and one
may say in France — to-day than the
Bplrit of nervousness existing with re
gard to what is America's real senti
ment toward France. It is manifest i
that the press realizes that it took a .
false step at the outbreak of hostilities
between Spain and the United States, j
and now the papers have come to a ;
confused halt. There is a noticeable
change in the papers day by day. The
Gualois is nervous. The Figaro is
hedging. The Temps is dignified and
courteous. The Debats, evidently look-
Ing into the future, fears complications,
and. in fart, sees danger ahead.
The news that the Queen's birthday
had been celebrated in America is
printed in all the papers without com- !
ment. which is an ominous sign. It is
Impossible to deny that a re- |
approachement between England and
America Is viewed here as a threaten- j
ing indication of the future. It brings j
no comfort to any one to realize that ,
the position of the press has been re
sponsible for this state of affairs. This
stretching out of England's hand to
ward America, with a responsive ges
ture on the part of the American pub- ;
lie, is felt to be full of menace for
France. Not only is a loyal and profit
able customer lost, but at once ends the
long - standing sympathy between
France and the United States. Of
course there is absolutely no truth in
the rumor that Americans are probably
more coldly looked upon here. On the
contrary, the people individually arr
trying by every means in their power
to" show that they have bepn misrepre
sented by their papers. Americans are
receiving all the courtesy to which they
have always been accustomed from
the French. At the same time the sit
uation may be summed up in one j
JEDDAH WINS
EPSOM DERBY
One Hundred to One in
the Betting.
BATT TAKES SECOND MONEY
THREE AMERICAN HORSES RUN
UNPLACED.
Foger's Bay Colt, Archduke 11, a
Heavily Played Half-Brother
of Clifford, Finishes
Eighth.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KPSOM. England, May 25.— The two
hundred and eighteenth renewal of the
Derby stakes (the classic Derby) of
6000 sovereigns was run at Epsom
Downs to-day and was won by J. W.
Larnach's chestnut colt Jeddah, by
Janlssary. out of Pilgrimage. The race
Is for three-year-old colts, by sub
scription of fifty sovereigns each, half
forfeit; the nominator of the win
ner to receive 500 sovereigns, the
owner of the second horse to re
ceive 300 sovereigns and the owner
of the third horse to receive 200 sov
ereigns of the stake. The course is
about a mile and a half.
Derby day opened fine and pleasantly
cool. There were the usual scenes on
the road and rail and immense crowds
gathered on the Downs. The remark
able number of runners (eighteen), un
equaled in the last twenty-three years,
coupled with the openness of the re
sult, added greatly to their interest in
the event. The result in detail was as
follows:
J. W. Larnach's eh. colt Jeddah, by
Janissary, out of Pilgrimage, won;
Duke of Westminster's br. c. Batt, by
Rheen, out of Vampire, second; Prince
of Wales' bay colt Dunlor out of Ayre-
Bhire. out of Fortuna, third.
Sir Tatton Sykas' bay colt Disraeli,
the favorite, led until passing Sher
wood's, when Elfin drew to the front
and led until descending the hill. Then
Batt assumed the lead, but was joined
by the Duke of Portland's bay colt
Wantage and Jeddah. a quarter of a
mile from home, Jeddah winning by
three-quarters of a length. A length
and a half separated second and third
horses. The Duke of Devonshire's
chestnut colt Diudonne . was fourth.
The time was 2 minutes 37 seconds. The
betting previous to the start was 100 to
1 against Jeddah, 100 to 1 against Dun
lop and 10 to 1 against Batt.
Previous to the race the chief inter
est appeared to center in J. W. Foger's
American bay colt Archduke 11. by
Luke Blackburn, out of Duchess (by
Kingfisher), a half-brother of Clifford,
a horse of which the public knew little
except reports of trials including a
supposed phenomenal performance
against History, the winner of the
great Metropolitan stakes. The Amer
icans were said to be supporting Arch
duke II heavily, and it was recalled
that it is Just a century ago that Arch
duke I won the Derby. The other
American horses were the Lorillard-
Beresford stable's entry Elfin, a bay
colt, by Sensation, out of Equality, and
August Belrnont's chestnut colt Bride
groom 11. Archduke II was eighth,
Bridegroom II was eleventh and Elfin
was fourteenth.
The Caterham plate of 200 sovereigns
weir won by F. Blckley's chestnut filly
CMorla XIL This race is of 200 sover
phrase, "France is disturbed to see the
Anglo-Saxon race becoming united for
peace, and she fears also for war."
Copyrighted, IS9B. by James Gordon Bennett.
BERLIN. May 25.— 1t has always
been a matter of calculation what the
majority of German newspapers would
do for their foreign news without the
Paris edition of the Herald, but no one
would have prophesied that the Ger
man press would be brought back into
the right path of foreign politics by it.
Yet this is what is being indirectly ac
complished, as any one who has noticed
the more temperate and just tone of
such important papers as the Cologne
Gazette and noted the justice in them
to the Herald may see for himself that
where the excellent and progressive
Frankfurter Zeitung and monarchlal
Deutsch^wort were alone in their
championship of the American cause
two weeks ago now even the blindly
prejudiced Berlin Tageblatt is begin
ning to coo like a dove in comparison
at least with its late outbursts.
It is fortunate that most of the Ger
man newspapers are strongly influ
enced in their opinions by such leading
organs as the Cologne Gazette and
Frankfurter Zeitung as opposite as
these two are in party. The Cologne
Gazette receives "straight tips" from
the Foreign Office, and is in a way
semi-official, so that its columns must
be studied with care and respect. The
unjust Gazette hints that English
tourists in Berlin are responsible for
the alleged unjust German hostility to
America and that nothing can be more
Incorrect. The principal point is that
the insistence of the HeraJd that the
German Emperor and his Government
are in no wa» hostile to Americans
finally persuaded the German press
that it is time to change its tone.
elgns for two-year-olds. Five horses
ran; distance five furlongs.
The Prince of Wales, accompanied by
a large party, was present to witness
the Derby.
HAWAII AN OPEN
ALLY TO UNCLE SAM
Islands to Be T/sed as a Coaling Sta
tion and a Military and Naval
Base.
NEW YORK, May 25.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Hawaii has actually assumed the atti
tude of an open ally of the United
States in the war with Spain. Not only
are the islands being used as a coaling
base and a base of supplit-s for military
and naval expeditions to the Philip
pines, but they will probably be made
a depot for troops. Owing to the diffi
culty of obtaining a sufficient number
of troop ships on the Pacific Coast it
will probably be necessary for the
Peking and the Sydney and Australia
after landing the first installment of
troops at Manila, to return for a sec
end load. There are a large number of
coastwise steamers on the Pacific Coast
which would not be capable of making
the run from San Francisco to Manila,
but which could easily be used for car
rying troops to the islands. A plan is
now under consideration to take these
troops to Honolulu by these steamers
and land them there to await the re
turn of the three vessels carrying the
first detachment to Manila. This plan
could only be carried out with the con
sent of the Hawaiian Government, but
the administration has assurances of
this consent. Hawaii, in fact, is ready
to p>> further, and actively wage war
against Spain by raising and equipping
a force to join the expedition to the
Philippines. The Hawaiian Govern
ment has assumed this attitude on the
supposition that her annexation to the
United States is to soon follow.
SAYS CALIFORNIA HAS
NOT BEEN OVERLOOKED
Quartermaster General Declares That
Army Supplies Are Being Pur
chased Here.
WASHINGTON, May 25.— Senator
Perkins called to-day on the quarter
master general and presented the pro
tests of the Board of Trade and Prod
uce Exchange of San Francisco declar
ing that the War Department has not
been purchasing the greater part of its
supplies in San Francisco. The quar
termaster general denied this and said
the only articles not purchased there
were shoes, and that the only shoe fit
for army purposes to be had in Califor
nia had a screw heel, and the depart
ment rejected it.
Senator Perkins called on the Com
missary Department and was told the
same thing. _
Vote against the new
charter because no pro
vision is made for regis
tering voters for the mu
nicipal elections to be held
under the charter.
Will Command the Active.
SAN DIEGO, May 25.— Lieutenant T.
M. Shaw of the local division of the
Naval Reserve has been ordered to San
Francisco immediately by Commander
Turner to command the patrol boat Ac
tive. Lieutenant Morgan is also or
dered to the Active as executive. She
will be sent to patrol this harbor.
Vote against the new charter
because it gives unparalleled
powers to the Mayor, who is
made, for all practical pur
poses, an autocrat.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 26, 1898.
FELL DEFENDING
MADERA'S GOLD
Robbers' Victim Regains
Consciousness.
TELLS OF THE STRUGGLE
EIGHT THOUSAND DOLLARS IN
THE LOOT.
One of the Assailants Wounded, and
the Officers Have a Clew That
May Lead "to His
Capture.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADERA, May 25.— Sheriff Westfall
to-night received the first clew that
may lead to the capture of the two men
who last night assaulted Deputy Coun
ty Tax Collector William Krohn in his
INTERIOR OF THE TAX COLLECTOR'S OFFICE OF MADERA COUNTY.
I— Entrance to Inner office. 2— Where the Tax Collector sat working at his books when at
tacked. 3— Back door through which the robbers entered. 4— Glass partition through which Col
lector Krohn hurled an Iron drill in his fight with the robbers. s.— The safe in which the cash was
stored. The X marks the spot to which Krohn dragged himself after the fight, where he was found
by the night watchman.
office and robbed the safe of $8000 in
gold and silver. It came in response to
telegrams sent by Westfall and was as
follows:
LOS ANGELES, May 25.
Found finger marks on third step of
ba.ggn.ge car; somewhat blurred, but looks
like blood. JOHN BURR, Sheriff.
This would support the theory of
some of the officers that the men, after
committing the robbery, rode away on
the blind baggage of the passenger
train which reached here at about 12
o'clock last night. It is kncrvvn at least
one of the men was wounded in the en
counter, for on one of the posts sup
porting the porch at the rear of
Krohn's office, where the men emerged
from the building, a bloody hand print
is discernible.
Krohn first regained consciousness
at about 10 o'clock this morning, and
his physicians now believe he will re
cover from the terrible beating he re
ceived at the hands of the two men
who looted his office. An examination
of his wounds makes it apparent that
he must have been beaten over the
head with some blunt instrument, per
haps a sandbag or slungshot. It was
these blows that rendered the Tax Col
lector unconscious.
When he came out of his stupor he
threw some light on the manner in
which the robbery was perpetrated,
but was unable to give the officers a
definite description of his assailants, as
they had taken the precaution to cover
their faces with masks. He described
the men as being large and of powerful
build.
Krohn said he had been engaged for
several days past in preparing the de
linquent tax list of the county, and
this work compelled him to remain un
til a late hour in his office last night.
Quite a considerable sum of money was
in the vault, as Krohn was awaiting
the return of the Auditor from San
Francisco to audit his accounts, it be
ing his purpose to deposit the funds in
the Commercial Bank. Krohn had oc
casion to go onto the back porch ad
joining his office at about 11 o'clock,
and it must have been when he
returned to his writing at the table
that the men effected an entrance.
He had scarcely sat down at his desk
when he felt the muzzle of a pis
tol against his temple, and an accom
panying request, "Get that sack." Both
robbers had their revolvers leveled at
him. Krohn was unarmed and' could
not reach anything to defend himself
with, so he tried a strategic move with
his desperate visitor, and offered them
a tray containing $400 or $500 in silver,
with a email amount of gold.
This the robbers accepted, but at the
same time cursed the Tax Collector
roundly, commanding him to "get the
sack in the safe." This sack contained
between $7000 and JSOOO. The Tax Col
lector told them there was a time lock
on the safe and it was impossible ti
open it before the time the clock was
set for. This did not satisfy the men.
They told him if he did not open the
■afe Immediately they would kill him.
Then Krohn, with the muzzles of their
revolvers pressing against hi* head,
proceeded to open the safe, and handed
them the main coin bag. Having ob
tained this they commanded him to tf<>
to the front doer and lock it. They
seemed to reconsider this request al
most as s<mhi as it was made, for fear,
it is presumed, that if he got near the
door he would rush outside and give
the alarm. They called him back and
then tried to l>ut him in the vault.
Then ensued the battle between the
brave Tax Collector and his assailants
that nearly resulted in the former's
death. In the melee Kr< .n seized a
miners' drill that lay in the office and
threw it in the direction of one of the
men. It went crashing through one of
the glass partitions. One of the men
tried to stab him, but fortunately the
knife inflicted only a slight flesh wound
about two or three inches long in the
right breast. Krohn seized the blade of
the knife with his left hand and that
member was badly gashed. One of the
men struck him .er the head with a
revolver, and immediately the other
robber felled him with a .stunning blow
on the head with a sand bag or slung
shot. This blow rendered Krohn un
conscious. It is supposed the robbers
believed him dead when they left.
Night Watchman Tooker heard the
crashing glass whei .rohn threw the
drill through the partition, but he was
some distance away and could not lo
cate the sound. Later, In company
with the Collector's wife, the night
watchman found Krohn lying in his
blood on the floor near the front door,
whither he had crawled after the rob
bers left. The floor showed plainly
where Krohn had crawled, the track
being marked by bloody hand prints
for a space of about fifteen feet.
CONFIRMED BY THE SENATE.
Men Named by the President Who
Get Consular Positions.
WASHINGTON*, May 25.— The Sonate
to-day confirmed these nominations: R.
A. Greener, New York, Consul at Vladi
vostock, Russia; George H. Jackson of
Connecticut, Consul at I^a Ronhelle,
France; O. J. D. Hughes. Consul at
Coburg, Germany; V. E. NVlson, Consul
at Bergen, Norway; 11. H. Morgan of
Louisiana, Consul at Aarua, Switzer
land; Rounsevllle Wlldman of California,
Consul-General at Hongkong ; George F.
Lincoln of Connecticut, Consul-General
at Antwerp; H. J. Ilauerman of Colo
rado, to be second secretary of the em
bassy at St. Petersburg; R. A. Lane of
California, to be secretary of the lega
tion to Nicaragua. Costa Rica and Sal
vador; W. W. Rockhill of the District of
Columbia, Minister to Greece, Roumanla
and Servia, to take effect July l.
The President to-day sent these nomina
tions to the Senate:
Postmasters: California^-F. E. Cush
ing. Red Rluff; William George, Grass
Valley
Interior Department— John Jensen of
Oklahoma, Indian Agent at Ponca, Paw
nee, Otoe and Oakland agency in Okla
homa,
Vote against the new
charter because it substi
tutes annual for biennial
elections, at an additional
annual expense of about
$180,000 and great addi
tional disturbance to busi
ness*
ADDS SUICIDE
TO MURDER
Double Tragedy at San
Diego.
CRIME OF AN AGED MAN
SLAYS HIS WIFE AND THEN
KILLS HIMSELF.
His Young Sons Retire and Sleep
Peacefully Until Morning Be
fore Notifying the Au
thorities.
Special r.ispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, May 25.— Whisky, pov
erty and jealousy were the combined
causes of a double tragedy in this city
last night. Alfred L,ambla, a French
man, aged 60, lived in the eastern part
of the city for the past eight years with
his wife and two boys, George, aged 13.
and Donat, aged 11. The wife worked
at housecleaning and supported the
family.
Last night the couple, who were ap
parently under the influence of liquor,
quarreled, but the boys and the mother
retired at about 7 o'clock. At 7:30 the
boys heard a shot in their mother's
room. They rushed In and found her
dead in bed, with the top of her head
almost blown off. While they were
there another shot came from the fath
er's room, and running in they found
him lying dead on the floor with a
shotgun at his side. He had placed the
muzzle at his chin and pulled the trig
ger.
The little boys opened the window of
their father's room, went to bed and
slept all night. This morning they
got up, prepared and ate breakfast and
lifted the father's body on to the bed.
They washed the floor clean and
hitched up the horse, drove to the po
lice station and reported the crime.
The dead man left a long, rambling
i letter, asking God to forgive the act,
j accusing his > wife of infidelity and
drunkenness and saying he could stand
her actions no longer. Her name was
Winifred. He married her twenty-two
years ago at New London, Conn. An
: elder son and daughter are living, the
former being a printer in Los Angeles.
Vote against the new char
ter because It provides that
officers charged with the
collection of public money
shall settle with the Treas
urer at the close of each
business day. Business days
in all municipal offices close
at 5 P. M. The charter
closes the treasury at 4
P. M. (Section 14, article
XVI.) The Treasurer is re
quired to give a receipt
showing t^e hour at which
he receives money, rjow
can he do this if his office is
closed before the money is
offered ?
STOCKTON-TUOLUMNE LINE.
Grading for the New Railway Be-
gun Near Farmington.
STOCKTON, May 25.— A large force of
men was at work to-day grading the
roadbed for the Stockton and Tuolumne ;
County Railroad in the vicinity of Farm
ington. The roadbed now extends five
miles out of that town. Right-of-way
Agent Barber haa obtained nearly all
rights of w;iy a.- f:ir fast as the county
line, and after reaching Stanislaus Coun
ty will be able to obtain them more rap
idly, as the lapd there is held in large j
tracts. The grading from northeast of
this city to Farmington will be left until
the last, owing to trouble with some of
the property owners over right of way.
It is supposed that condemnation suits !
must be brought.
The Examiner and
Buckley are now work
ing hand in hand for the
charter.
HAWAIIAN
ANNEXATION
DROPPED
No Chance to Rush the
Scheme in Congress
This Session.
All Attempts to "Jump Through"
the Plan as a War Measure
Will Fail.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, May 25.
The active opponents of Hawaiian
annexation In the Senate, it is learned,
agreed to the arrangement for daily
sessions of the Senate beginning at 11
i o'clock only after an understanding
with a number of Republican Senators
that the Hawaiian question should not
! be earnestly pressed in the Senate in
! any form this session. The Senators
! were appealed to to expedite the consider
ation of the revenue measure, and as a
counter-proposition asked that Ha
i waiian annexation be dropped. No
party arrangement resulted from these
propositions, the Republicans being
disinclined as a party to leave the Ha
waiian issue go over, but a number of
Republican Senators gave assurances.
; that Hawaiian legislation should not be
seriously pressed at this session. These
assurances, the Senators hostile to an
nexation say, are sufficiently numerous
to warrant them in believing an ad
journment of Congress will be taken
without action.
The advocates of Hawaiian annexa
tion say a Republican caucus of the
House on that issue will be held im
mediately after the adjournment to
morrow. They were active to-day, and
a sufficient number of members for a
calling of a caucus have subscribed to
a paper now in the hands of Repre
sentative Grosvenor of Ohio, chairman
of the caucus committee, but the call
has not yet been issued.
BOSTON, May 25.— The Transcript's
j Washington special says: Intense in
terest is felt in Congress over the Ha
waiian annexation question. A few
days ago the thing seemed well settled
j as far as the House was concerned, but
I to-day matters are once more at sixes
i and sevens, although the Speaker has
I made a rule not to obtrude his prefer
ence to the extent of keeping a party
measure pigeonholed when a clear ma
jority of the Republicans of the House
favor action, yet this does not prevent
him from uttering a protest in a very
! vigorous way when he sees the party
LIGHT FOR
LOS ANGELES
Municipal Ownership Is
Proposed.
CITY MAY ERECT A PLANT
COULD EASILY CONTRACT FOR
ELECTRIC POWER.
Is Now in the Clutches of a Monopoly ;
and Compelled to Pay Exor
bitant Prices for Illumi
nation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANC .LES, May 25.— For some
years past the city of Los Angeles has
I been compelled to bear an extraordi
nary burden In paying for lighting
i streets. For something like 450 lights
: It has paid the Los Angeles Lighting
Company over $50,000 per annum. Such
a thing as competition for this service
was an impossibility, as none of the
electric companies save the Los Ange
; les Lighting Company had proper
! equipment In the way of poles and
, wires.
A proposition now is advanced for the
! city to construct its own lighting plant,
in so far as po.es, wires, etc., are con
' cerned, and then to advertise for bids
'■ to furnish ie power requisite to run
about double the number of lights now
In service. If the city were to have
such a plant it could obtain twice as
many lamps as it now has and the cx
i pense would be $12,000 a year less.
1 There are three or four electric com
. panles that would be only too glad to
I supply power to the city's plant.
At the next meeting of the Council
it is probable the whole matter will
i come up and an election will probably
; be called at an early day.
Suspected of Highway Bobbery.
SAN JOSE, May 25.— William Ste%-enson
was arrested here to-day on suspicion of
having committed highway robbery at
San Leandro. On May 18 there Manuel
D ™L E ; s ELECTRICITY
AS APPLIED BT
DRi PIERCE S electric belt
-^vX^HN^XVHßß^^^^i^y^^^*' WILL CURE when everything else fails.
VlSiM^ Letters like the following are arriving daily:
flK^y!^ i^^f > |l\7^V^**?^S^|lß , MONTROSE, Colo., May 18, 1898.
HR^Sj/; >J-\^^f^yy' * £hR Gentlemen: For the benefit of others I de-
I^RlElmiV^'" — -t, >r — '•■-.*- g-^fWI sire to say that I am 52 years old: have been
f^KlBUf LsJf^^*^^Hafer~HrifJ li'W \W^ ln the mines tor 25 years, where I contracted
V^iCcO fl*?f 1 *? I! F ' it2ijS^i*nTViiUiti?Z- my disease. I have been doctoring for about
i\ v J*^=iJ \J<Lj)dJßßßlßh3AJ[Jj*r^ :: -~ 8 years and have been to different hot springs
\< \7 t i /YjTiVs*~ s> i-fmf^^^A^ without much benefit. My disease is rheuma-
rS&k-iVi 4 v >^tN^^-VV\-«\ <. ■ tism and neuralgia, liver and stomach troubles
lT*^7LM^._r3\/'3«2tV"^H\'*K N * and spinal disease. Was almost paralyzed and
' I TV I Iv-^sh<vVS^LI v -^5h<vVS^L Ur V my 100 * 1 was poisoned. I contracted these dls-
• 1 S^xfm^ :^ "» eases , by working in lead ■ ores and in foul air
/ v v -??n, J: >~ I received your Electric Belt and Spinal Appliance about
*"*«•< Li** five months ago and from the great benefit I have already
; - v: .-\V|v received I think I will soon .be A WELL MAN. I was then
suffering with pains day and night, , with swelling of th»
-Joints and poor circulation of the blood: but I am now ever so much . benefited by using your
Belt and Appliance. ■ ;; ■ - ' ■ ; ■-■>- ..'■
, -If I had some of your catalogues I would distribute them in the mining camps among' th«
boys, as some of them are in need of something that will cure them without taking so much
medicine. • I »am yours respectfully, CHRIS JOHNSON -
v • ETBuy no Belt till you see Dr. Pierce a. = Call at flee or write for our new "Book No
8." which gives price list and tells all about it. t Address .:.
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market Street (opposite Palace Hotel), San Francisco.
rushing madly into a blunder which it
can never retrieve.
That seems to be the situation with
the Hawaiian annexation scheme. Th«
House is undoubtedly favorable to a
considerable majority, but it is the in
fatuation of madness, not the calm re
sult of reasoning. The Speaker has
stood out single handed so often against
this class of jobs that he will probably
try to do it again if there is the faintest
hope of success. At any rate his party
will not get past him with its annexa
tion nonsense, and he has read it a
lesson and. a prophecy. The annexation
bill means a long session, and a long
session is the worst menace which now
confronts the Republican party on the
way to the polls. The idea that a long
session is inevitable if the Hawaiian
scheme gets well under way is gradu
ally working itself into a good many
minds disposed to reject it a while ago.
Whatever the House may do, the pre
paration in the Senate for a game of
try-out is unmistakable. It is as true
as a historical fact that the plan upon
which a majority of th^ Senators agree
always carries, regardless of the Senate
rules' or lack of them. But the mistake
is made in many quarters in supposing
that because under ordinary conditions
a majority <>f the Senate favor annexa
tion, therefore the same majority
would favor a resort to "jumping
through" the annexation bill as a war
measure. The weakness of an appar
ent majority in Congress always rests
in the element which, though unwilling
to be counted flatly against a party
measure, recognizes the inexpediency of
time or manner or some other condition
of its introduction a*d play a lukewarm
policy. Not a few Ttepublioans in the
Senate are believed to stand on pre
cisely that attitude toward the Ha
waiian bill, and their tacit disapproval
will be one of the adverse influences
against which the friends of the bill
must be prepared to struggle — an In
fluence as serious in effect and vastly
more subtle than outright opposition.
There is no telling when the session
will end If the House passes the Ha
waiian bill and sends it to the Senate.
If the debate be cut in two by recesa
annexation is dead for the present Con
gress.
"Williams was held up and relieved of $120,
a g-old watch and a diamond ring. Steven
son tallies with the description of one of
the men wanted.
Vote against the new charter
because it places it in the power
of politicians to keep voters in
a constant state of turmoil by
constant submission to the
popular vote of questions of
administration, on the demand
of parties of political hench
men purporting to represent 15
per cent of the voters.
Death Due to a Fall.
SAX JOSE, May 25.— Mrs. M. L. Wat
son, widow of ex-Supervisor Watson,
died at her home here this morning. She
was a native of Georgia and fifty-one
years of age. About three weeks ago she
"fell from a step-ladder a distance of
about six feet and sustained, painful in
juries. Both ankles were broken, and it
was necessary to amputate one of her
feet. The patient did not recover from
the shock.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STUDEBAKER
CLEARING
SALE!
THTRTT DATS, beginning May 10th,
GREATEST SALE <>X VEHICLES ever
made on the Pacific Coast.
LANDAUS AND BROUGHAMS,
VICTORIAS AND PHAETONS,
TRAPS AND BREAKS.
All of the Studebaker reliable make, of-
fered regardless of cost.
We shall sell the stock of one of our
Western warehouses (now being closed),
consisting of MEDIUM GRADE
CARRIAGES, BUGGIES, PHAETONS,
SPRING WAGONS, ROAD WAGONS,
Suitable for CITY or COUNTRY USB.
In this stock are vehicles at $50 to $75.
This great sale is made necessary by the
consolidation of two large stocks.
On every vehicle will appear, in plain
figures, the regular and the special price,
showing the great reductions made
We invite inspection during this sale
from all Interested in honestly made
work no matter whether you expect to
buy or not. Come and^see us.
STUDEBAKER BROS. MFG. CO.,
Market and Tenth Sts.
L. F. WEAVER, Manager.BUCKLEY'S BIG BATCH OF VOTES FOR THE CHARTER.
fThe Efficiency of the School System Will
Surely Be Badly
Crippled,
A full realization of the fact that the
proposed charter strikes a blow at the
present school system has caused wide
spread alarm among those who believe
that the schools are the standard by
which this or any other community
must be judered.
A critical inspection of the new char
ter has disclosed the fact that its
fra.mers, either because of stupidity or
a sense of false economy, have made
inadequate provision for the support of
the schools as they now exist, and have
left entirely out of their calculations
any provision for the natural increase
in th" student population from year to
year. There is also no provision for the
building of new schwolhouses, nor is
there an adequate sum provided for
the maintenance of those that now ex
ist.
Under the consolidation act the money
WHAT SAN FRANCISCO MAY EXPECT FROM AN AUTOCRATIC MAYOR.
The recent resignation of the president of the Board of Health of
New York shows the utter helplessness of the people In the presence of
political adventurers.
Nathan Strauss was an accomplished sanitarian, who spent his sal
ary in improving the milk supply of New York. He has been worried
out of office by criticisms on the part of the Mayor and his officials.
"Within one hour his place was filled by Michael C. Murphy, a clerk in
the District Court, a leader of Tammany, and formerly an excise com
missioner. He is totally untit for the responsibility imposed upon him.
GENERAL
MERRITT
UNHAPPY
Declares His Criticism
of the War Depart=
ment Was True.
During a Sham Battle at Chick=
amauga the Fight Be=
comes Too Real.
OGDEN, Utah, May 25.— General
Wee ey .M^rritt. the new Governor Gen
tf the Philippine Islands, arrived
in Ogden at noon to-day. Hr was
Ing when the train arrived, but
was met by v large crowd of enthusi
i — pie, among whom were Gov
ernor Wells, his staff and all the State
rs. His conversation was not of a
very happy nature, and he seemed ill
Lse with himself and at outs with
.•■ m rid, including the adminis
:i. Since his denial of an in
terview recently published in a
New York paper in Which he was re
have criticised the War De
tent nr.d refused to go to the Phil
tes the general has dodged news
• reporters, but to-day he seemed
i that they were his friends. Dur
, conversation with a newspaper
representative the general said in ref
• to his proposed Philippine inva
that "the President gave me to
undei • at I was to use no undue
haste, to take my time; this war-mak
ii a Is a Blow and tedious business.
"Then you don't know when you will
leave for the front."
"No, sir."
"Will it be two weeks?"
longer, I do not know."
The 'general stated that he had been
called away from Chicago a day sooner
than he expected and would rush
through. To a question about the war
Jd: "I don't want to talk about
it; don't suit me."
He said he knew nothing about the
Philippines or Cuba. "They told me in
Washington that it was no hotter in
Manila than there, and I know It Is
more disagreeable," he said, ap
parently referring to his relations to
the War Department.
Finally the reporter asked him anout
the Interview which was published and
i:i which he criticised harshly the work
..f the administration and the War
rtm-iit. He admitted that the in
terview was correct, but denied that
he had been interviewed. His most
concise statement was: "The Interview
was not with me. A gentleman with
whom I bad a private conversation was
viewed and he talked more than
he ought to."
The train Was then started on its way
to Han Francisco and General Merritt
went on to his labors as Governor-
General of the Philippines.
HELENA, Mont.. May 25.— The First
Regiment, Montana Volunteers, 1030
men under command of Colonel K"sh
1,-r left foT San Francisco this morn
ing at B o'clock. Despite the early hour
several thousand people, including
many 8ch0.,-1 children, cheered the sol
diers heartily as the trains pulled out
At Silver Bow Junction the trains
were transferred to the Oregon Short
Line to Ogden, from there to San Fran
cisco With four troops of cavalry
now on the way to Chickamauga,
Moi tana furninhed 1400 volunteers. Her
nroDortlon under the call was 524.
• CHICKAMAUGA NATIONAL PARK.
May •;- -_The sham battle at Chi'ka
mauga Park this morning, in which
three brigades of General Wilson's first
army corps participated, was one of the
most thrilling military spectacles that
has been witnessed since the Civil War.
jfcTter seven hours of n'rnost continuous
■Xneuvering, In which was exempli
flfti almost every phaso of military tac
tics, General A. 8. Hurt, commanding
the First Brigade, was outclassed by
the Second and Third Brigades, which
were pitted against him.
At 4 o'clock this morning the call to
necessary for the support of the schools
is obtained by a tax of 35 cents on each
$100 valuation of the taxable real and
personal property in the city and coun
ty. To this is added the money drawn
from the State school fund. By this
moans it is possible to raise a maxi
mum sum of $1,845,500. Even under
these conditions there is a deficit in the
school fund for the present year of
over $150,000.
Under the provisions of the proposed
charter the maximum sum that can
be raised for the support of the schools
is $1,085,7~>0. The present needs of the
School Department demand a larger
sum than this for actual support with
out taking into account any emergen
cies, such as the construction of new
buildmgs or the needs that follow the
natural increase in the student popula
tion. Should money be required for
I arm? was made. The First Brigade,
i General Burt commanding, composed
j Of the First Ohio, Fifth Illinois and the
j Third Wisconsin, was posted at McFar
| land's Gap, under orders to hold the
Gap if possible and if impossible to re
treat In good order. Against the First
Brigade were the Second and Third.
The Second was commanded by Gen
eral Compton, composed of the* Fourth
Ohio. Third Illinois and Fourth Penn
sylvania, and the Third, commanded by
! General Hulings and composed of the
; Sixteenth Pennsylvania, One Hundred
and Fifty-seventh Indiana and Second
Wisconsin.
The maneuvering was determined
from the start and during the progress
of the maneuvers portions of the com
mands were scattered to various parts
<'f the field. Here a company wouM
charge and put to retreat a detached
squad of the opposing command, else
where skirmish lines were thrown out
and at times drivon back. As timbered
sections Were reached skilled move
ments were made to gain the shelter of
the trees. Repeated charges were made
against General Burt's front, only to be
gallantly repulsed. The doughty com
mander had lost none of the spirit that
characterized him upon the same field
when it ran with the carnage of actual
battle a third of a century ago. At last
Generals Compton and Hulings de
cided upon a combined front and flank
ick.
The Second Brigade attacked the
| front, while the Third was thrown to
General Burt's right flank. Right gal
lantly was the new movement met by
the First; but at last the Third suc
ceeded in outflanking the First, and
i gained the rear, cutting off General
Burt's retreat. At 11:01 o'clock the
"battle" was declared to have been won
by Generals Compton and Hulings.
A serious casualty occurred in the
progress of the battle. Lieutenant
j Batty of the Sixteenth Pennsylvania,
I in command of a squad, was surround
i ed by Company C of the First Ohio
Regiment, and was ordered to surren
i der. Instead of surrendering, Lieu
tenant Batty ordered a bayonet charge.
While at close range a member of the
Ohio command shot directly at Lieu
tenant Batty, the charge striking him
I In the face and neck, inflicting painful
i and serious injuries. Both eyes were
badly injured, and the vision may be
destroyed. Bad blond was engendered
by the incident, and the men rushed
together. It was only liy the coolness
and presence of mind of the officers
that bloodshed was averted.
The volunteer army at Chickamauga
Park now numbers ?,'>, 914 men, and this
will be increased by 10.000 by the close
|of the week. The Eighth New York
I Infantry arrived thl.s morning. The
regiment is composed of twelve com-
I panles, with a roster of 1026 men and
officers, and is commanded by Colonel
Henry Chauncey Jr.
The Eighth was turned over to Gen
eral Wade's Third Corps and will be
brigaded in that command.
The second division of 4,500.000 ra
tions is being received and distributed
by the quartermaster's department, the
first requisition of 1, .100,000 rations hav
ing been consumed. Consignments
are coming from Chicago at the rate of
forty carloads a day. It is estimated
that the 4.500,000 rations will provision
an army of DO, OOO for ninety days.
Major G. Shiba of the Japanese
army arrived to-day to study American
military tactics and conditions of army
life in this country. Major Shiba re
ported at once to General Brooke at
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 26, 1898.
such purposes the only manner in
which it could be raised would be by a
bond issue. One section of the charter
provides for the holding of a special
election when it becomes necessary to
issue bonds to secure funds for the con
struction of new municipal buildings.
At such elections the question of
whether or not bonds shall be issued
for the purpose specified is submitted
to the voters. Even should it be held,
which is doubtful, that a schoolhouse
is a municipal building, it would still
be necessary to hold a special election
before funds could be obtained for its
construction. As it is estimated that
such an election will cost not less than
$180,000 it will be seen that under the
charter the school system is doomed
unless its proper support is undertaken
at a cost that in a few years would
bankrupt the city.
Since 1895 the average annual ap
propriation for the support of the
schools has been $1,133,360. In
spite of this the department is
at present confronted with a
deficit of over $150,000, and the amount
of money for the completion and fur
nishing of the Mission High School has
yet to be provided. In the face of these
facts it must be apparent to every one
that $1,088,750, the maximum amount
allowed by the charter for the annual
support of the schools, is insufficient.
The result of the adoption of the char
ter will be the crippling of the school
system in a most serious manner.
If further proof were needed it would
only be necessary to quote the amounts
that have been expended for the sup
port of the schools in the years 1890-91,
1891-92, 1592-93 and 1593-94. The aver
age annual appropriation for the three
years was $1,075,713, aji amount that is
but $13,037 less thaji the maximum
amount provided for by the charter.
That was six years ago. The increase
in the number of children of school age
has made necessary greater expendi
tures since the dates named. Still
greater sums will be necessary from
year to year. If the framers of the
charter wished to prevent the extension
Camp Thomas and will be made an
honorary member <>f his staff.
PENSACOLA, Fku, May 25.— Major-
Geueral Coppinger remained here un
til muni to-day. He spent the morn-
Ing with his staff, locating the ground
at Magnolia P.luft" for the location of
camps for about 10,000 troops. Wells
will be sunk at once to giv.- an abund
ant supply of pure drinking water.
WASHINGTON, May 26. — Major Rus
sell S. Harrison, inspector of the volun
teer army, eon of ex-President Harri
son, who has expressed a great desire
for active military service at the front,
was to-day assigned to duty on the
staff of Major General Fitzhugh Lee,
commanding the Seventh Army Corps
at Tampa, Flu.
An order whs Issued by Major Gen
eral Milt a detaching Major William
Black, Corps of Engineers, recently
appointed lieutenant colonel of the
volunteer army, from duty us enginet-r
commissioner of the District of Colum
bia and assigning him to duty on the
staff of Major General Wade, com
manding the Third Army Corps at
Chickamauga.
TOFEKA, Katis., May 23. — The
Twenty-second Regiment of Kansas
«'f over 1000 volunteers under Colonel
H. C. Lindsay departed to-day for
Washington rendezvous camp. Bands
of music and veterans escorted the
boys to the train. There was great
cheering and enthusiasm.
BT. LOUIS, May 2.".— The Fourth
Regiment, Missouri Volunteers, Colonel
Corby commanding, struck their tents
at noon to-day and left Jefferson Bar
racks for Camp Alper, Va.
SPRINGFIELD. 111.. May 25.— The
Fourth Regiment, Illinois Volunteers,
has been ordered to Tampa. Fla.
Vote against the new
charter because section 1,
article VI, chapter I, pro
vides that the Board of
Public Works shall consist
of one Republican, one
Democrat and one of some
otherpolitical party. This
shows that the charter
makers looked upon the
board as a political body.
In what respect is it po
litical?
SIMPSON WILL
LEAD A REGIMENT
The Kansas Congressman to Organize
Voiv.nteers for the
War.
TOPEKA, Kan., May 25. — Congress
man Jerry Simpson wants to go to war
as colonel of a Kansas regiment. Im
mediately afer the publication of Presi
dent McKinley's call for additional vol
unteers Congressman Simpson tele
graphed to' Governor Leedy for author
ity to raise a regiment and asking for a
commission as its colonel. Governor
Leedy is out of town, and what his an
swer will be is not known. It is prob
able that Congressman Simpson's re
quest will be granted. Simpson was re
nominated for Congress last week by
the Populists of his district.
Vote against the new
charter because it pro
vides for levying taxes for
city and county purposes
on or before the last Mon
day in June. At that time
the tax rolls are not made
up. How can the levy be
made?
Napa's Red Cross Society.
NAPA, May 25.— A Red Cross society
was organized here this afternoon.
Over fifty women were present. A
movement is on foot to increase the
membership by selling badges for $1
each, which will entitle the holder to
become a member of the society. The
following officers were chosen: Mrs.
E. S. Churchill, president; Mrs. F. W.
Bush, vice-president; Miss Louise
Churchill, secretary; Mrs. Owen Moran,
treasurer.
Voters should not be hood
winked by the old song that
corporations are fighting the
charter. It is the same old
dodge. W. H. Mills, land agent
for the Southern Pacific Com
pany, is supporting the char
ter.
of the school system to meet the needs
of a growing population they hit upon
a very effective means of accomplish
ing their desires.
His Last "Heft" for the Charter.
Mayor Phelan addressed the Demo
BUCKLEY ADMITS HE IS
WORKING FOR THE CHARTER.
Farmer C. A. Buckley is in politics again, and, naturally, he is pursuing the same tactics that for years
made him a power in the city and State.
The ex - boss has made frequent trips to San Francisco since the beginning of the charter cam
paign, and among his friends it has been an open secret that "Chris" is backing the charter with all the
strength at his command.
That this strength is considerable is shown by a statement he made to his friend Treacy, the well
known contractor, no longer ago than last Tuesday night. Buckley had journeyed down from hia Livermore
home that day, and hunting up his friend Treacy they talked over the prospects for the charter.
"I have three thousand men right now on the register to vote for the charter," Buckley said to his
friend, "and I don't see how we can lose."
Three thousand votes colonized by Buckley for the charter, according to hi 3 own admission. Of course
the ex-boss is for the charter. When the instrument was framed one of the first comments made was, "What a
splendid opportunity for Buckley." Chris has always been a firm believer in the one-man power. He was the
one-man power himself for many years, but his sway under the present conditions drew too much attention to
himself and finally he was overthrown.
With the new charter in operation it would be different. Buckley would only have to control the Mayor
and reap the reward. It is a difficult matter to elect all the men a successful boss finds it necessary to control
now, but under the proposed law he could concentrate his energies on one man — the Mayor — and make a win
ning fight every time.
Buckley is shrewd — his bitterest enemy has always been ready to admit that — and he is keeping well
in the background now, merely adding to the three thousand voters he boasted of controlling as opportunity
offers. After to-day, though, if the charter carries, Chris may be expected to move his headquarters down
here and assume charge of the local campaign for Mayor.
Buckley failed to state -where his three thousand voters were coming from, but Buck has an intimate
knowledge of all the cheap lodging houses in town. There have been many ugly rumors for some time that
the voters of the First Regiment who are now on their way to Manila will put in an appearance at the polls
to-day. It is not improbable that part of Buck's three thousand are to come from these, and that he has
provided substitutes to vote the names of the absent heroes who registered before they had any intimation
that on election day they would be speeding to war.
ARMED CLASH
IS IMMINENT
Bolinas Feud Growing
More Serious.
YOUNG PIERSON WARNED
ORDERED TO LEAVE BEFORE
SATURDAY NIGHT.
Citizens Talk of Instituting White
cap Methods Because of the
Recent Crown Mine
Episode.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, May 26.— The trouble
In Bolinas between the Golden Crown
Milling and Mining Company has
reached a point where the inhabitants
expect an armed clash. As a result of
the action of J. W. Plerson Jr. in mak
ing a bold sortie upo-n the property of
the company, which Constable McCoy
had taken away, and bringing it back
with a number of armed employes, the
citizens of the town have declared that
Pierson must leave before Saturday
night, intimating that he will be garbed
with a coat of tar and feathers if he
fails to comply.
A citizen of Bolinas reached here this
evening with the statement that young
Pierson has been formally notified to
that effect this morning, and had re
plied that he would stay and light it
out to the death. He Is known to go
armed constantly, and is known as a
man who will "shoot at the drop of the
hat" when he believes he is being un
fairly dealt with. The fact that the
populace is aflame over what has taken
place recently makes it quite certain
that the citizens will attempt to carry
out their threat. As Pierscm has num
erous employes at the mine, all well
armed, a desperate fight may be ex
pected.
Late to-night, Frank Depe-w, who
drives the stage between Ureenbra>>
and San Quentin, hearing of th^ inten
tion of the citizens to tar and feather
yotlng Pierson, came to this city with
a friend and started immediately for
Bolinas.
"We are going with our revolvers
oiled and a good supply of cartridges,"
said Depew, "and we are going to help
Emerson. If the town attempts to tar
and feather him somebody is going to
get hurt."
A communication was sent to one of
the local weekly papers for publication
to-day, bearing the inscription, "A
Lively Time in Bolinas Next Saturday
Night." It recounts the causes leading
up to the present imbroglio. The arti
cle states that Pierson must pay his
bills without any legal trouble, evident
ly meaning that he will be given time
to do this before next Saturday night.
In conclusion, the communication
states that the mining company "must
pull in its horns or have them knocked
off close to the head."
Affairs have reached such a state
that Sheriff Harrison will probably
leave for Bolinas before Saturday.
Voters, do not be de
ceived by the cry that cor
porations are fighting the
charter. The Southern
Pacific Company's paper,
the Post, is for it.
Promotion for Rowan.
WASHINGTON, May 2r».— General
Miies has recommended to Secretary
Alger that First Lieutenant A. S. Row
an of the Nineteenth Infantry be pro
moted to the rank of lieutenant colonel.
This General Miles does as the recogni
tion of the valuable services performed
by Lieutenant Rowan in his recent per
ilous mission to Cuba, when he secured
valuable information for the United
States.
Our American Policy.
The policy of this country regarding foreign
eompllcattone seems likely to remain conser
vative. The Monroe doctrine, according to
the declaration of our leadtnp politicians, will
be Bllttklned, l.ut patience and prudence In
oflicial quarters \vu. retrain tho exuheranct
of public opinion. The wisest and most pru
dent course for the rheumatic and the ma
larious is to use Hostetter's Stomach Bitters,
which also cures kidney complaint and dys-
cratic Central Club last night on the
charter. He did all in his power to give
the novel document its last heft before
it goes to the people to-day. No new
arguments were advanced in its favor,
but merely a repetition of the old t
worn-out argument on the merits of it
EAGER TO GO
TO THE FRONT
Washington Volunteers
Disappointed.
ARE TO BE KEPT AT HOME
RESULT OF A DISPATCH TO
SECRETARY ALQER.
Soldiers Enraged Because Some One
Declared That They Preferred
Garrison Duty on This
Coast.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, May 25.— The Washington
volunteers and their friends are greatly
displeased over the present arrange
ments for their disposition. They are
understood to have been selected, to
gether with the Third Artillery and
Fourth Cavalry, to garrison coast
States, all other coast troops having
been transferred to General Otis' com
mand for service in the Philippines.
The Third Battalion of the First
W.-tshington Regiment, which left to
day for Vancouver, has been looking
for several days for the man or men
responsible for its detention for garri
son duty, when every member wants to
see active service.
As nearly as can be learned, some
body telegraphed to Washington that
the regiment was anxious to remain at
home. "Who it was is not yet known,
for everybody who might have had in
fluence with the War Department de
nies having taken such action. At any
rate the members of the Third Bat
talion are "hot" about it, and before
leaving requested their friends to use
every influence to have them sent to
the Philippines. Both the soldiers and
people throughout the State consider
it something of a disgrace for them to
be thus excepted while volunteers from
every other coast State are going to
the front.
Governor Rogers is keeping the wires i
hot between Olympia and Washing
ton, D. C, and, backed by the Wash
ington delegation, is working to have
Secretary Alger or General Merriam
send a Washington regiment to Manila.
Favors National Relief.
WINONA LAKE, Ind.. May 25.— The !
Presbyterian general assembly adopted j
" :' ' "I ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
(UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF H. LIEBES & CO.),
35 Years in the Alaska Trade>.
THE ELEGANT STEEL STEAMSHIP
Al 100 Lloyds. Capacity, 500 Passengers; 3000 Tons.
First Sailing = = JUNE sth.
DIRECT TO
DAWSON CITY
And ALL POINTS on Yukon River, Connecting at ST. MICHAEL
With Our Fleet o* New River Boats. Now in Alaska.
Through ■4X^-/fy'df\ OO First-Class
Tickets, <^^OV-r«- Only.
150 LBS. BAGGAGE FREE— NO LIMIT TO EXCESS.
lowest Rates to Any Point on Route. Freight for Dawson City, 10c a Pound. ;
Special Rates for Other Points on the River.
MERCHANDISE ORDERS. LETTERS OF CREDIT.
INo Fee Charged to Passengers.
13- Vessels now leading for ST. MICHAEL, Boats, Machinery and
Freight taken at the Lowest Rates. Owning our own Warehouses, Wharf.
Lighters and Towboats. ',  ■: .■■.•..
GENERAL PASSENGER AND FREIGHT OFFICES,
139 POST ST., S.F. LIEBES BUILDING. i
as a municipal monstrosity. The club
members listened to him with composed
Indifference which showed that they
had made up their minds as to how
they will vote ttr-day, without any In
structions from the man who has lost
no chance in "hefting" the thing along.
a resolution expressing the cordial sym
pathy of the general assembly with the
National Relief Commission and sim
ilar associations having in view the
welfare of the soldiers, sailors and ma
rines engaged in the present war with
Spain.
AMENDMENTS
ARE A SNARE.
The People Will Have No Pow-
er to Change the Charter.
It seems to have been the purpose of
the framers of the proposed charter
to prevent the people from changing It
should it once be adopted.
Much has been said regarding the
possibility that is secured to the people
of amending the charter provided any
section of it should prove objectiona
ble. There is, indeed, such a possi
bility, but it can only be attained at
such a great cost that it is practically
out of the consideration of possibili
ties.
Auditor Broderick, who has given
much time to the study of the charter,
has this to say on the subject of amend
ments:
••I think that the charter can !
only be amended by a, special !
election ordered by the Elec- {
tion Commissioners. As the :
Election Commissioners arc
the creatures ol* the Mayor it
follows that any proposed !
amendments that are not in j
accordance with the -views of
the Mayor can never be made.
The wishes of the people will
go for nothing;. Under the
provisions of the charter an
election must be held each year
at a cost of about SISO,OOO. It
is not likely that except in
cases of great necessity the
public will care to spend a like
sum for a special election,
should the Mayor Spaciously
give his consent. The charter,
makers want the instrument
as it was framed to stand as
long as possible, hence the '
trick of the amendment clause :
which it was hoped would
throw dust in the eyes of the
voting public."
Vote against the new charter
because the tax levy is required
to be fixed before the assess
ment roll is completed.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
! MACKAY'S 1
I SPECIAL !
I C A T F Will continue 1
i \A LiI at prices ad- I
I "tXlJlj vert!sed until I
f June Ist. I
I CARPET DEPARTMENT. |
\ Tapestry Brussels, good wear- TSLAr* <»
T ing, rich colorings UTv «
X Tapestry Brussels, close weave, «20/-» <»
X endless variety V>-^V* 4
V Best quality of 10-wire Brussels «
x borders to match, all manu- rT^/-» x
'*' facturers , CC V «
S Heavy Velvets, Stinson's'tnake, Q^is> y,
<s> borders to match OT'W <»
A AT ABOVE PRICES. <?
A SEWED, LAID AND LINED. |
T MOQUETTE RUGS. |
<j> 18x36. 85c. 27x63. $1 75. 36x72. $2 »3. 4
X Japanese Linen Warp Matting 4
X 2:ie Yard 4
X Heavy Chinese Matting 4
X 12 l-2c and 15c Yard ■••
| FURNITURE. |
'<£ Solid Oak Extension 4
<*> Tables, massive legs, pel- G*Ck OPS 4
X ißh finish <J>«7»OO 4
X Solid Oak Dining Chairs $1 15 4
<j> Solid Oak Center Tables 45c <s
<& Elegant Upholstered Cor- 4
X duroy Couch, tufted top (££* £iEZ 4
&' and fringed ODiUU 4
& We sell exactly what wo adver- 4
<$> tlse. No excuse to sell you some- **
<& thing' else. No trouble to show x
V Jioods. x
I ALEX. MACKAY & SON, 1
I 715 Market St. I
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
\ \ / / / Full set Teeth.. .|s.oo up
VVV N/fi/"^' Go ldCrownB,22-li $3.50 Up
Fillings 25cup
-■ ■mJj' Jp-yii^Zs-* No charge for extracting
""?^s£#3&»sF3-«^ teeth when plates
*x^*^tnvv*t aro or( i ered '
V^^V Vi?OOM
/ 4V I X \r\ Electro- Dental Parlors,
7 U A V » -f SIXTH AND MARKET BTB.
BUSINESS
DIRECTORY
and PURCHASERS' GUIDE
To Responsible Merchants,
Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders,
Jobbers, Insurance and Real
Estate Agents.
In Corresponding With Any of the Following
Firms Please Mention "The Call."
ART GLASS.
California Art Glass. Bending and Cutting
Works, 103-105 Mission St., cor. Spear.
Embossing. Staining, Beveling. Wm.
Schroeder, PTes. Telephone Main 868.
| ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
rpHE P. ROSSI 00.. Importers of High-Class Fur-
•*■ nitare, French Cabinets, Marble Statuary, Etc., 117,
Sutler street. v^-'.'
BELTING. >'.
LP IIPfiFV Manufacturer of Belting and
. T. IfEUCII, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
I sion St., cor. Speur Telephone Main 562.
i Agent for Rubber Belting and Packing. !
BOILER MAKERS.
"M I? W. J. Brady's Patent
C| IB DETACHABLE
£&£__ !raL_ MUD DRUM
lwM^Bfcf&jj«J3^ for Steam Boilers,
Manufactured by
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ehip Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY. I
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,;
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
BOOKBINDERS.
T 15 MpTUTYTJI? Bookbinder and Printer,
Ji D. lUUiniinjJ. 422 Commercial street, i
COPPERSMITH. •
Joseph Fox, Supt. H. Blyth. Mgr. ',
C. W. Smith. Ship Plumbing, Steamboat i
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18 ■
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
DRAY AGE. ;
McNAB & SMITH,
Draymen, Mercantile Warehouse.
Stands— 2os Davis St. and Corner Fifth j
and Bluxome Sts. Telephone, Main 1372 j
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON & CO., fo ce n co s n ti an T d e! te - yen '
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. j
lAC HAVEC £■ Pti Shipping Butchers, 108 ,
JAb bUIC3 & WU., Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co. lmporters & Dealers
in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley. Props., j
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505. ■
_ . — ■!
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMPTTP PULP AND PAPER CO..
IIILLHiIILI lL 122 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE, j
KOHLER & CHASE, . '■
23 and 30 O'Farrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairer*. ;
REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. <
REAL EBTATE. RENT COLLECTORS. |
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery Bt.
SOAP.
GD I ITfV * Cii 123 California street. 1
. K. Lit I tt CO., room 37. Tel. Main 1661. !
■ : : — t
- STATIONER AND PRINTER. |
Telegraphic PARTRIDGE 306 . C U " '
Codes. rAJVIJMI'UfJ, fornlaSt, ,
TYPE FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC States Type Foundry, successor*
to Hawks & Shattuck. The Home Industry
House. BOS Clay st. /, : 7"; : i
_ — ■ : — — — —
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses.
General office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 191 1.
SEWING MACHINES.
I InnilCPTinn Pre-eminently the machine for
UUmLollu farm use. 1021 Market street,
near Sixth.
DR.JPNULTI
fIMUS V/KT.r. -K.VOWX AND RIOLrABLK Oi.tl
.L Spet-l»)lHtc»«rir*l > rlvate,Nervous,Hloo<luiidS'kln
Hmm of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20years>.Tperlenc«?. Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Homo. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 to 3
da!ly:6:3o toB.3opv'«s. Sundays, 10 to 1-. t'i<tmult»>
clou free and sacredly confidential. Call oraddresa
JP. .KOSt.'OK SIcrVtTI/ITT. M. !».,
. ac.; Kearnr Str«-«-l. Nan FranclKo. CSU,
.($ i)
%S^33Q MARKET ST. . y %*^.;- .
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
f SUMMARY.
Cottolene advanced all around.
Hams, Bacon and Lard firm.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley easy and quiet.
Oats In rather better demand.
Corn and Rye dull.
Hay steady. Bran unchanged.
Beans and Seeds dull.
New Potatoes lower.
Butter weak. Cheeso and Eggs unchanged.
More Eastern Poultry in.
Fruits about the same.
Dried Fruits unchanged.
Wool and Hops as before.
No change In Meats.
Heavy Increase in national exports.
Large increase in specie imports.
IMPORTS OF SPECIE.
Imports of specie at this port thus far this
year amount to (9,076,488, against $909,R1S for the
same time last year, as follows: Gold bullion,
$1226 862; gold coin, I7.2«8,5OI; silver bullion,
$469,417; silver coin, $110,708.
MAGNIFICENT EXPORT TRADE.
The foreign commerce of the country for the i
first ten months of the fiscal year ending April j
80 compares as follows:
1896-97. 1897-98.
Exports $899,929,246 $1,025,426,681
Imports 600.159.244 (11.181,156
Excess exports ..$299,740,002 $514,245,495
The export trade this year Is without pre- j
cedent in the history of the country-
EXPLANATION.
The arrow files with the wind. The top fig
ures at station indicate minimum temperature
for the days: those underneath it. if any. th«
amount of rainfall or of melted snow in inches
and hundredth* during the last twelve hour 6.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure Is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and couth along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is lm-
Trobable. With a "high" In the vicinity of
daho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In Bummer and elder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER BT'REAf REPORT.
HCOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 25, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are
■ ! to-da) from Weather Bureau stations
In Calll
Eureka. 60: Red Bluff. S6; Sacramento, 70;
Fresno. H4: Independence, S2; Tan Luis Obispo.
72: Los Angeles, 7S; San Diego, 65; Yumu.. M
San Francisco temperature — Maximum, 57;
minimum. 4"<: mean. E2.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Fi (RECASTS.
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the
past 24 hours over th- northern half of the
Pacific Slope. It is much below th« normal
over Washington. Along the coast of California
there ha^ been B slow rise.
The temperature has ric^n in the San Joa
quin Valley and throughout Nevada and Utah
and northward to the international boundary.
It ha* ial!<=-n «lonk the coast of California.
Cloudy weather prevails along the coast from ;
Eureka northward. No rain has fallen on the j
Pacific Slope.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Fort Canby. 30 mile? per hour, from
the south: Tatoosh Island, 36, east.
The temperatures are much above the normal
throughout Oregon and Eastern "Washington.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May M, L 898:
Northern California— Fair Thursday, except 1
cloudy. In northern portion and probably show
ers early Thursday morning en the northern
coast; southerly winds.
Southern California — Thursday; warmer
along the coast; light westerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Thursday.
Utah— Cloudy Thursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday:
■warmer; southerly changing to westerly winds.
Special report' from Mount Tamalpals. taken !
at sp. m. : Partly r toady; wind west; 24 miles j
per hour; temperature, 60; maximum 64.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local. Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
• XKW YORK. May 25.— 1t was a day of ma
neuvering for position between the opposing
elements among the trailers on the stock ex
change. The complete discrediting of yester
day's flood of rumors made the market seem
very vulnerable this morning. Declines for
Americans Into London added to this appear
ance and there was selling for London ac
count In the early dealings In place of the
rather urgent buying, which was a feature of
yesterday's market. The completion of the
settlement on she I^ondon Exchange appar- ,
ently ended the demand, which was attributed
to a large outstanding short Interest. But the
early reaction did not go far and was checked
by the vigorous support and stimulated rise
of a number of the leading specialties. Includ
ing Manhattan and Metropolitan Street Rail
way, on revived rumors of consolidation. '
Third Avenue Jumped 6 points. Most of the
Vanderbilt stocks developed strength after
buying of New York Central had lifted Its price
to $1 17%. A number of trunk lines and coal
ers shared in this strength. But the railroad
list as a whole continued very sluggish and
did not respond readily to the Impetus which
it was sought to Impart by this lifting of spe
cial stocks. The demand proved very light
and prices dropped. The bears were thus en
couraged to more vigorous measures to bring
about a decline. Their attack was directed
against the specialties with a view to uncov
ering stop loss orders. This thov succeeded
in doing in Metropolitan Street Railway, To
bacco and one or two nther special ties. 1 • ■•
clines In these stocks ranged from 1 to 4 points
and In some railways extended to a point. N"
general liquidation was induced, however, and
.there was some covering at the decline, so that
the market rallied and closed dull and firm.
Manhattan and some of the Vanderbilts and
.the coalers closed higher and Third Avenue and
Great Northern preferred continued to show
conspicuous strength. Otherwise net losses
.were the rule. From the speculative point
of view the bottling up of the Spanish fleet
in Santiago seems to be considered the next
best thing to the defeat of the fleet in battle.
The Issuance of the President's call for 75,
000 more volunteers was made some use of by
the bears In their afternoon raid.
' There was not much' doing In the bond mar
ket, but prices were firmly held. Total sales,
$2,400. (V .ft. •
United States old 4s registered advanced 14
and do coupons 1 per cent in the bid price.
The new 4s were bid up %, but declined
.again.
• Total sales of stocks to-day, 300. 800, includ
ing: 8700 Atchlson preferred. 10.700 Burling
ton. 10,700 L. & W., 31.i*00 Manhattan, 15.500
Metropolitan, 17,300 Missouri Pacific 17,200 New
York Central, 4800 Northern Pacific, 11,300 do
preferred, - 11.100 Rock Island, 13.400 . St. Paul.
6600 Southern Pacific preferred. 1600 U. P. pre
ferred. 30,200 Tobacco, 5400 Chicago G. W., 12.
800 People's Gas, 21.400 Sugar, 11,000 • Leather
preferred, 4500 Wabash preferred.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 12% St P & Om.. 79
Do prefd 3m Do prefd ...143
Baltimore & Ohio 18 St P M & M 5..... 137
Canada Pacific .. , M So Pacific ......... I" 1 *
Canada Southern.-' 52% So Railway ...... ■ >>'*
Central Pacific .. 13Vi Do prefd 29%
Chen & Ohio 21% Texas . & Pacific.. 11%
Chi & A1t0n... ...159 Union Pacific ... 65%
Chi B & Q ...... 101"4 U P D & G 7%
Chi & E .111....... 60 Wabash ........... . IVa
CCC 4Bt 1t.... "34*4 Do prefd 19%
Do nrefd- ...'75 Wheel & L E...V: -.2%
Del & Hudson 107 Do prefd 11%
JHl.Ii A.yfr*^.* Hi 1 : Bxpreaa pmpanlegr-.
Den & R G 12 Adams Ex 100
Do prefd 48 American Ex .... 12S
Erie (new) 12% United States ...: 41
Do Ist prefd.... 35% Wells Fargo 117
Fort Wayne 168 Miscellaneous —
Gt Nor prefd 167 A Cot Oil 22
Hocking Valley ..6 i Do prefd 74%
Illinois Central .. 103% Amn Spirits 12%
Lake Erie & W.. 15 Do prefd 31%
Do prefd » 72% Am Tobacco 107?*
Lake Shore 189 Do prefd 117
Louis & Nash 54% People's Gas H7%
Manhattan L 108% Cons Gas 193% I
Met St Rv 160 Com Cable C 0.... 160
Mich Ce^ral .... 105% Col F & Iron 22%
Minn <S/*lt L 27 Do prefd 90
Do Ist prefd 86% 3en Electric 36%
Mo Pacific 34" 8 Illinois Steel 51
Mobile & Ohio 28 Laclede Gas 47% ;
Mo X & T 11 bead 33%
Do prefd 35 Do prefd 102% j
Chi Irtd & L. 9 Nat Lin Oil 2S
Do prefd 28 Or Imp Co 25%
N J Central 96% Pacific Mail 27%
N T Central 116% Pullman Palace... IS9
S T Chi & a L... 13 Silver Cert 67%
Do let prefd.... 65 Stand R & T.... 8%
Do 2d prefd 33 Sugar 137%
Nor West 13% Do prefd 113
No Amer Co 5% T C & Iron 25%
No Pacific 28% I' S Leather 8%
Do prefd 6,' T » ■ Do prefd 68%
Onutarlo & W.... 15%1U S Rubber 20%
Or R & Nay 51 I Do prefd 78
lOr Short Line... 29 West Union 91%
I Pittsburg 163 Chi & N W 123
Reading 101% Do prefd 170%
Do Ist prefd.... 45% St L & S W 4"i
Rock Island 101% Do prefd 10% '
St L & S F THRO W 24%
Do Ist prefd.... 61% Do prefd 64%
Do 2d prefd.... 29% Chi 6 W 14%,
St Paul 9554 Haw Com Co .... 19
I Do prefd 147
CLOSING BONDS.
D 8 new 4s peg.. 122% IN Carolina «8.... 322%
Do coup .„ 122%/ Do <8 105
V- 8 4s . ..... 109% No Pao Ist* 116%
Do coup ........ 11l Do 8s ♦ 60% !
Do 2ds 95 Do 4b ..,.,. 96
U 8 5s reg - 110% N V C & 6 L 45.. 103% j
Do 6s ooup ...„. 111% Nor & W 6s 121
District 8.65» 111% Northwetrn cons. 137
Ala class A 113% Do deb 6s 114 i
Do B 108% O Nay lsts 112% |
Do C 90 O Nay 4s 90% |
Do Currency ... 90 OS Line 6s tr 123% ;
Atchison 4s 90 OS Line 5s tr.... 102%
Do adj 4s 90% O Imp lsts tr.... 109%
Can So 2ds 64% Do 5s tr 58 |
Can Pac lsts 108 Pacific 6s of 95.. 103%
Chi Term 4s 8-I 7*7 * Reading 4s 83%
C & Ohio 5s 112% R G W lets 85 <
C H & D 4%s 104% St L & I M C ss. 93%
D & R G lsts.... 106% St L & S F G 6s. 118%
D & R G 4s 92% St P Con 143
East Term lsts.. 107 St PC & P lsts.. 117
Erie Gen 4s 71% Do 5s 115
F W & D lsts tr. 72% So Ry 5s 02%
Gen Elec 5s 103% -Hand R & T 65.. 69%
G H & S A 6» 109 Term new set 3s. 90
Do 2ds 105% T & P L G lsts.. 104
i H & T C 5s 110 Do Rg 2ds 34%
Do con 6s 114 UPD & G lets.. 58
lowa C lsts 102 Wab let 5s 107% :
La new cons 4b.. 100 Do 2ds 82%
LAN Uni 45.... 89% W Shore 4s 108
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries 67% !
MX & T 2ds 61% Do deferred ... 5
Do 4s 88%. D P prefd 58% |
N V Centra! lsts.. 117%: Do 4s 98%
NJC 5s 114 I
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 10 I Ontario 8 00
Crown Point 05 Ophir 32
Con Cal & Va... 42 Plymouth 10
Dead wood 50 Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry 15 Do prefd 200
Kale A Norcross. 26 [Sierra Nevada ... 45
uptake 40 00 Standard 155
Iron Silver 45 Union Con 10 i
Mexican 15 Yellow Jacket ... 15 1
BOSTON.
BOSTON, May Atchisor. 12%; Bell Tel
ephone, 262: Burlington, 101%; Mexican Cen
tral. 4%.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 25.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The Epsom
races and the coming holidays made all the
stock markets here stagnant and featureless
to-day. Prices have fallen on realization, sell
ing by those who had early information of the
debt arrangement. Americans were steady and
quiet. Mines were dull on President Kruger's
; refusal to recognize British suzerainty for the
i Transvaal.
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific, 8634; Grand Trunk. 8%.
i Bar silver, quiet, 26Hd per ounce. Money, 2
(g.2^2 per cent.
Spanish 4s closed 33 15-16, a net grain of 5-16.
PARIS, May Spanish 4s closed at 83%. a
I net gain of %.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, May 25.— FLOUR— Receipts,
j 19,711 barrels; exports, 4800 barrels. Inactive
; but firm, especially for low grade winter.
: Minnesota bakers'. $5 40^5 75.
WHEAT— Receipts, 476.375 bushels; exports,
\ 413,987 bushels. Spot quiet; No. 2 red, $1 51%
! t. o. b. afloat export grade. Options opened
higher on Liverpool news and thereafter was
strong but dull all day. led by July, in which
; shorts we.re anxious buyers at times. Prices
i were 7c off on May, l?ic up on July and % r ff%c
up on later months. No. 2 red -May, $1 63®
1 €0, closed Jl 53; July. $1 10$4®l IS 1 ,*, closed
, $1 ism.
HOPS—
AVOOL— Quiet.
PETROLEUM—
METAL MARKETS— In to-day's Metal mar
ket Tin developed strength on scarcity of sell
. ers and Increased demand, and Pigirun war
j rants showed a steadier undertone. Aside from
this the situation locally was featureless. At
the close Piglron warrants were called steady
, by the Metal Exchange, with $6 SO bid and $7
; asked.'
• LAKE COPPER— Very quiet; $12 bid and
'■. $12 10 asked.
-TlN— Higher and firm; $14 SO bid and $14 87%
' asked.
SPELTER— Quiet; $4 25 bid and $4 30 asked.
LEAD — Inactive; $3 60 bid and $3 85 asked.
Lead Is Rtill quoted at $3 GO by the firm fixing
the settling price for miners and smelters in
the West.
COFFEE — Options closed quiet, unchanged to
; 5 points lower. Sales, 5500 bags, including May.
■ 6.75 c; July, 5.55 c. Spot Coffee— Rio, dull; No. 7
Invoice. 6V. No. 7 Jobbing, 6^c. Mild—ln
active: Cordova, 15">jc.
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining, Z\<W
3 13-16 c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4Hc; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 10,641 packages. Firm;
Western creamery, 13V»616c; Elgins. 16c; fac
tory. ll<gl2Vic.
EGGS— Receipts, 1064 packages. Steady;
Western, llVi§l2c.; Southern, ll?4c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW "YORK, May 25.— California Dried
— Apples strong and other fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common 6<@Bc;
prime wire tray, 9@9%c; wood dried prime,
!»%c; choice, 9%@10c; fancy, 10c.
PRUNES— 4@B%c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 8@10c: Moorpark, 10Q-l2c.
PEACHES— sio.yc; peeled, 12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 25.— There was some recovery
in Wheat to-day from the depression and weak
i ness which ruled yesterday. The Liverpool j
' cables came hieher, which was quite unex- ,
I pected in view of our recent weakness, and
i suggested the Idea of manipulation, especially
as the continental markets were all lower. '
i Trade was dull, but the late bearish news and i
the bearish statistics seemed to have been
partly forgotten, and there was a good deal of !
profit taking. Another reason for strength
was the nervous feeling over May and the gen
eral expectation that Loiter was sure to put ]
i the price of that month materially higher. The
inference was that all the futures would be '
i bulllshly affected by the exictement and high
prices In May, and this, with the higher prices
abroad, started shorts to cover and added
somewhat to the advancement. There was an
effort to put more vigor and strength into
I July, and the effort was In a measure success
' ful, being aided by the general expectation of
! hull manipulation by the party in control of
May and June. The weather was much cooler,
but quite favorable for growing wheat. Liver
pool cables, are %d higher. July opened %{j)3o
higher at $1 10@l 12%, sold oft to $1 o!i%, then
rallied to $1 12% at the close. September closed
at SS%@BB%c, a gain of l%c. May ranged be- j
tween $1 57 and $1 70, the latter the closing ;
figure. ■■>. ',''■'■■■ ' ...■-,
Corn was firm at the opening. • Realizing j
caused a loss of the small advance until near [
the close, when It rallied, closing %c higher.
Oats were helped by short covering, July clos- !
ing !,<•','■,(■ higher.
| The firmest of the speculative articles In Pro
visions to-day was lard. There was a good j
deal of commission house selling of pork and
some of it was on stop loss orders. Pork shows
. a loss of 5c and ribs 2%c. Lard Is up 2%odc.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close. I
1 Wheat No. —
i May 181 170 157. 170 ;
July 112% 1 12*4 100% 1 12V4 I
September 88 i 88% 87% 88% i
December 82% P3% 82% 83}»
Corn No. 2—2 —
May 34% 34% 33% 34 I
July 34% 34% 33% 34%
September 35% 35% 34% 35%
Oats No. 2—
May 28 2<5 26% 27%
July . 24% 25 24% 26
September .22% 22% 22 22%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
i July 11 77% 1190 1157% 1182%
September 1190 1197% 1170 1195
Lard, per 100 lbs—
I July ...:... 6 12% 6 22% 610 6 22%
September C2O 630 6 17% 630 "
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July 6 95 6 95 6 80 5 96
September ......... 600 606 6 87% 600
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet: No. 2 spring Wheat, $1 20; No.
3 spring Wheat. $1 10#l 80; No. 2 red, $1 ■;;,;
No. 2 Corn. 36c; No. 2 Oats, 27c; No. 2 white
31c; No. 3 whit*. 29@30c; No. 2 Barley, 4*&"f.le; '■
No. 1 Flaxseed, $1 33; Prime Timothy Seed, '
$2 8O<&2 85; Mess Pork, per barrel, $11 60@ll 70;
Lard, per 100 pounds, $6 10@6 17%; Short Rib !
Sides loose. $5 80@6 10; Dry Salted- Shoulder.*,
boxed, 5@5%c; Short Clear Sides, boxed, $6 250
6 35.- '-. -■---....'- -- - -.■-... !
Articles— Receipts. Shipments. j
Flour, barrels .....18,000 •.....■ 14,900 j
..VhgUiibudicto ».« w .,.»,,.3g6.80ft ...■. w -m»»JL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 26, 1898.
Corn, bushels 660.900 492.300
i Oats, bushels 442.100 316.200
Rye. bushels 8.700 1.200
Barley, bushels 27,100 5.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
: market was firm; creameries, 12'515%c; dairies,
11"; I^-. Regs, firm; fresh, lO^llc. Cheese,
quiet; cream, 6®9%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 185.000 47,000
Duluth 181.993 2.6R3 !
Milwaukee 14.969 I.3<X> |
Chicago 176.860 309.367 <
Toledo 146.566 . 123,500 1
St. Louis
Detroit 15.396 13.801
Kansas City 39.000 65,500 j
Totals j 760,065 663,181
Tidewater-
Boston 79.16S ISLB6O
New York 476,875 413,987 i
Philadelphia 30,335 16,149
Baltimore 63.588
New Orleans
Totals 649.266 660,996
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— May. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 66 55 54 65 j
Closing 66 50 54 oO '
Flour— , i
Opening 29 75 24 ,0
Closing 29 70 24 65:
LIVERPOOL WHEAT- FUTURES.
May. July. Sept. Dec. I
Opening 10 4% 77% 7% |
Closing: 10 6 7 8 7 1
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 28.— CATTLE— Were gener
ally B@loo lower. Native beef steers, $4@5 25;
Western fed steers, $8 90@4 60; canners. $2 50
@3 35; cows and heifers, $3 40@3 50; bulls,
$2 85@4 16.
HOGS— about KXg'lSo lower. Heavy
packers. $4®4 20; butchers*. $4 06@4 86; mixed,
$4@4 32%; lights, M 75@4 20; piss. $2 40@3 85.
SHEEP— Were steady at the recent advance.
Clipped sheep, $3 50@4 50: clipped lambs. $4®
5 30; wooled lambs, $5 7(Xg>« 10; spring lambs,
$6 S6@7.
Receipts— 43,000; Cattle, 16,000; Sheep,
20.000.
KANSAS CITT.
KANSAS CITY. May 25.— Receipts.
5500. Market, 10c lower: native steers, $3 60
&i 90; native cows and heifers, 12 90@4 65:
stockers and feeders, $3 25@5 25; bulls and
stags, $3 6004. „ ■
HOGS— Receipts. 16.000. Market, 10@15o low
er; slow. Bulk of sales, $4@4 25; heavies. $4 16
@4 30; packers, $3 9&@4 22; mixed, $3 90@4 20;
lights. $S 5004.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000. Market, steady;
lambs, $3 75@6 2o; muttons, $S 50<2?4.
OMAHA.
OMAHA May 25.— CATTLE— Receipts, 8600.
Market, steady, 5«?10c lower: native be»f
steers, $3 9554 90: Western steers, $3 75@4 35:
cows and heifers, $3 50?f4 25; stockers and
feeders. $3 90<??5 10; bulls and stags, $3@4.
HOGS— Receipts, 7fioo. Market, 10c lower;
heavy, $4 10^4 25; mixed, $4 10@4 15; lights,
$4 10@4 15.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1800. Market, steady; fair
to choice natives. $3 80®4 40: do Westerns, $3 70
@4 30; lambs. $4 25<5?5 75.
DENVER.
DENVER, May 25.— CATTLE — Receipts,
3000. Market, slow; beef steers. $3 Ro<i?4 70;
cows. $3@4 25; feeders, freight paid to river,
$4-?, 4 50; stockers do, $4@4 60; bulls and stags.
$2 2r>®3.
Receipts. 200. Market, 10c lower;
light packers. $4 10@4 IS; mixed, $4 05@4 10;
heavy. $4@4 16. .
SHEEP— Receipts, 500. Market, steady; good
fat muttons, $3 £594 40; lambs, $4 30<?}5 20.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, May 25.— American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow: The Im
proved character of the market becomes more
obvious each week. Where a few weeks ago
scarcely anybody was selling any wool, now
everybody 16 selling some. While the demand
has continued to run to medium washed wools,
such as are suitable for army supplies, then*
has been quite a marked improvement in tht
Inquiries for territory. In fact, the latter, in
stead of figuring in conspicuously In the week
ly sales of late, this week has once more as
sumed the leading position.
Prices display a hardening tendency. That
Is. asking prices are somewhat firmer than
heretofore and In some lines actual selling
prices are fully up to the holders quotation*.
The outlook is regarded as very encouraging.
The pales of the week amount to 1,760.000
pounds domestic and 580,400 pounds foreign,
making a total of 2,340.000. against a total of
1,402.000 pounds for the previous week, and
a total of 4,300,000 pounds for the corresponding
week last year.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT RALES.
NEW YORK, May 25. -The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold to-day: Cherries- -Centennial, $1 15
<31 40; Black Tartarian. 60cW$l 30; Knights
I Early Black. 80©75 c
BOSTON. May 26 The Earl Fruit Company
sold California Cherries at auction to-day as
; follows: Royal Anne. SHV^M 00; Blnck Tnr
i tarian. 56c©f] 10; Black Republican, $1 : Big
' ereau. fiiVfj $1 10; Prlngle Apricots, half crate,
, SI 25.
NEW YORK. May 26.— Centennial, $1 am 4o :
Black Tartarian, f.oc<??sl 30; Knight's Early
P.in.k. 80076 c.
FORETON MARKETS.
LONDON, May 2.". -Consols, 111%; sliver,
26V4d: French rentes, 102f SOc.
LIVERPOOL. May 25.— Cargoes off coast,
buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on passage.
very little doing; English country markets,
generally l-6d cheaper.
COTTON— Uplands, 3»*d.
::-,■= CLOSE.
WHEAT— Futures, closed quiet; July, 10s 3d;
September, 7s Sd; December. 7s Id.
CORN— May, nominal: July, steady, 8s 6%d;
September, steady, 3s 7%d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or., May 25. -Wheat— Nothing
doing; quotations strictly nominal; Walla
Walla, 87088 c; Valley and Blue Stem, 90c per
bushel.
TACOMA, Wash.. May 25— Wheat— Weak:
I export, 94c for Blue Stem; 89®90c for Club.
i
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, May 2fi.— To-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
! Available cash balance. $2(H.915.067; gold re
serve, 1173,363,643.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, May 25.— Cotton— Firm;
middling. 6 5-16 c.
PORTLAND' S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. May 25.— Exchangee, $295,
9C<5; balances, J42.266.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
i Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
1 New York Exchange, telegraphic. — I,'
, Fine Silver, per ounce — 5714
I Mexican Dollars — 46%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The H. Hackfeld takes for Cork
43,901 ctls. valued nt $72,500. The market con
tinues dull at slowly declining quotations.
Spot wheat: Shipping. ST 6001 62%; milling.
$1 6501 70 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— o'clock -December —
4000 ctls, $1 53U; 26.000, $1 53; 14,000, Jl 53%. •
Second session— No sales.
Regular morning session — December — 34,000
ctls, $1 54%; 24,000, 1154%; 2000, $1 64%; 12.000.
$1 54: 6000. $163%; 6000, $163%; 10.000, $163%;
24.000, $1 63%. May— 2ooo, $1 «3%; 2000, $1 60.
Afternoon session — December — 8000 ctls,
$1 52%; 0000. $1 52%; 20,000, $1 52%; 24,000, $1 62%;
24.000, $1 52%; 18,000. $1 5254; 4000. $1 52%. May—
1 4000. $1 59.
BARLEY— market continues dull at
i about the same quotations. •
Feed. $1 22%@1 27%; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.,
Informal session— 9:ls — December — 2ooo
: ctls, $1 21.
Second session— No sales.'
Regular morning December — 2000 ctlß.
! $1 21"i; 2000, $1 21%; 2000,- $1 21%. v ,v\-. ■ '
Afternoon session — December 2000 ctls. $1 21%.
1 OATS — There is rather more demand at firm
I but unchanged quotations.
Fancy Feed. $1 42 1 :^/1 per ctl; good to
1 choice, $1 35® 1 40; common, $1 30@l 32' ; Sur
prise, $1 4601 50; gray. $1 32%@1 37%; milling,
i $1 ar.fgl 42% per ctl.
CORN There' is nothing new.
Small round yellow, $1 25 per ctl: large yel
i low, $1 07M.f?1 10. white, Jl 07%@l 10 per ctl.
i RYE— JI 3501 35% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— JI 75(f?l 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS."
FLOUR— Family Extras, J6@6 10; Bakers' Ex
tras, $5 75(f0 S. . per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, J3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. J2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour. $6;- Onrnmeal, J2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25: Oatmeal, $4; Oat Groats. J4 25;
Hominy, $3 lUff?, 50; Buckwheat Flour. J4<3'4 25;
Cracked Wheat.- $3 75; Farina,. $4 75; Whol»
Wheat Flour, S3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), J5 80
©6 20: In sacks, $5 60(J?6: Pearl Barley, J4 76:
Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas. $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Both Hay and Feedstuffs remain uncharged,
with the exception of a slight decline In
around Barley. ,
BRAN— SI6OI7 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2I 60&2S 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, J27@28 per ton;
1 Oilcake Meal ;at : the mill. . J31@31 50; jobbing,
J32@32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24Qi25; Cottonseed
Meal, $28080 per ton; Cornmeal. $24 50; Cracked
, Corn,-'J2S-' *..' V. ■■ : : '■ .
HAY— (Ex-car In round Wheat, ■• $20®
j 24 50; Wheat and : Oat." $20<3>23; Oat, J17@19;
| Barley, ~ J16@18; - compressed • -Wheat, - J21@24;
LeaW£ei»e<l j ,Oat»  JUsQl»i Mf&lfi^ il2G# .50: .
■ ■ ' r ■—..'...•- <> . r,: .-- - -I; ~ ,-- , . :B«l»Ha«aai»»t.«-.Jta
• Clover, nominal; Timothy, $14*317 50.
I NEW HAY— Wheat, wire-bound. $17<3»20: vol-
I . unteer wild Oat, $15@16- Clover and Oat, $12 50
I @13 50; Barley. $16; Island Barley, $13@15; Al
falfa, $12@:i3 60
STRAW— 7oc@sl per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The markets are dull and unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 90@3 06; Small Whites,
Isl Bsig2 10; Large Whites, $1 90@2 05; Pinks,
\ $2 65@2 75; Reds. $3; Blackeye, $3 75; Butters,
$1 7.v<<2; Llmas. $3@3 10; Pea, $2<g 1 2 15; Red Kid
| neys. $2 65<g2 85 per ctl.
: SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 25<g | 2 50 per ctl;
i Yellow Mustard, $3 16g3 25: Flax, $2 25; Canary
Seed, 2Vi@2%o per tb; Alfalfa, 3<ff6c: Rape, 2V 4 @
2\c; Hemp, 2«v3'3c; Timothy, s<&'s%c.
DRIED PEAS^Niles, $1 75@2; Green, $1 90® '
2 25 i>er ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
; Los Angeles Egg Plan* brought 15<g>20c p^r Ih,
: Green Peppers 18@25c and ' matoes $2 per box.
New Potatoes are lower und^r free receipt*.
Vegetables range about the same.
POTATOES— River Reds. 40@50c; River Bur
banks, 70igR0c per sack; Oregon Burbanks, 76@ I
90c; Petaluma Burbank?, 60@70c per sack; new j
Potatoes, lft 2o per lb
j ONIONS— Australian jobbing at $4 50<g<5; new,
40@>50c per ctl
VRGETABLKS— Receipts were 593 boxes As- ;
paragus, 199 boxes Rhubarb and 392 sacks Peas. |
Asparagus, $2 50 for extra large: $1 7692 SG
j per box for No. 1, $lig>l 50 for small Rhubarb.
j 40'ff'6nc per box for small to good and 75c
(or extra choice; Green Peas, $I@l 25 per j
| sack: Garden Peas 2c per Ib: String Beans, |
I 9@12%c; Wax Beans. 9@12%0; Horse Beans. 40® i
j 60c pp r sack: Summer Squash. Sl^'l 25 per b^x;
Dried Peppers, 6#7c per !b; Dried Okra. 12%o;
Cabbags, 6. r .^7sc per ctl; Carrots, 30@50c per i
sack; Cucumbers, 25ij?750 per dozen; Marys- ;
vllle Cucumbera, $1 25S'l 50 per box; Mexican i
Tomatoes, ■ pe r box; new Garllo, 6@6c '
per lb.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes Bliced. raw. 12c per lb In lots of 26
tb; sliced desiccated, 16@18c; granulated raw, ;
13c: Onions. 60c; Carrots, old, 13o; new, ISc; j
Cabbage. 30o: Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, I
25c; String Beana, 30c; Tomatoes. 60a
POULTRY AND GAME.
Young stock Is beginning to weaken. Old
stock Is almost unsalable. Hens continue to
glut the market.
Eastern is bringing: $5 60 lor hens. $4 76 for j
I old roosters, $4 50 for broilers, $4 for ducks, j
12c for turkeys.
POULTRY— Turkeys, 10@llc for Gob
blers and 10<S?llc for H»ns: Geese, per pair,
76c@$l; Goslings, $I@l 25: Ducks. $3(^3 50 for
old and $3 50<J 5 for young; Hens, $2 6093 50;
Roosters, young, 1798; Roosters, old, |3@3 50;
Fryers, $5@6 50; Broilers, $4®5 for large.
$2 50@3 50 ror small; Pigeons, $1 25<g>l 75 per
dozen for young and >I®l 25 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Creamery nutter holds up, but dairy is lower.
Cheese Is unchanged. Eggs as bei'or*.
BUTTER—
Creamery— creameries, 20c; seconds, :
19c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 17(318c; common
grades, r><sl6Vic per lb.
Eastern Butter — Imitation creamery, 16@
16>*c: ladle- packed, 15@16c per It>; Elgin, 1754 i
@18c. " 1
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9c; old, 7%@8%c; !
Cream Cheddar. I0@llc; Young America, 10@ \
lie: Eastern, 12(f13c.
— Ranch Eggs, I4"fflfic per dozen; store
Eggs, 13%(g14e; Eastern, i4@lsc; Duck Eggs,
16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Cherries and Apricots are still in large sup
ply, but prices hold up well. Plume and Cherry
Plums are coming from Vacaville too green to
sell.
Strawberries show no particular change,
though they are firm. Receipts of Raspberries
and Currants are light.
Citrus Fruits are unaltered.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Receipts were 601 chests of Strawberries and
2161 boxes of Cherries and 367 boxes Apricots. 1
Strawberries, $1 75@3 50 per chest for large
and $355 for small berries In baskets, and $4 50
®5 50 for loose.
" White Cherries. 20<i?40c per box; black, 400
75c; Royal Annes, 60@75c; loose Cherries, 2@3c
for white and 3V4@sc per !b for black.
Currants, 50@«5c per box.
Blackberries. 15c p • basket.
Apricots, 4lic<j7!i i>*-r box a.nd 75c@$l per
crate for Prlngles, 75c@Jl per box for Royals
and seedlings.
Gooseberries, l@2c per lb for common and
4s sc for English.
Newcastle Raspberries, $I@l 25 per crate;
Nearby Raspberries, 60#Mo per drawer.
Apples, 60Q)60o per box for common, 75c@$l
for good to choice and $1 25@1 50 for fancy;
New Apples. 60e per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2@3 25;
Seedlings, 75c(S$l 2;.; Lemons, 50c@$l for com
mon and $1 2692 for good to choice: Mexican
Limes, $3 50<g'4; California Limes, in small
boxes.- ♦»»«*■: Bananas,- $1 25<g'2 per bunch ; '
Pineapples, $3@4per dozen.
DRIKD FRI'ITS, NUTS, RAISINS. ETC.
l DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 4%'?
5c for 40-50**, 4U®4%c for 60-RO's. 3%@4c for :
60-70*8. 3Vi<??3iAc for 70-SO's, 2«4»?f3c for 80-90's, 2 1 -;
@2Hc for 90-100's; Peaches, 3<ffsc; fancy, s\b@
6c; peeled, 10<gl2Hc; Apricots, i&SHc for Roy
als and T •■;»•• for good to fancy Moorparks;
I Evaporated Apples, 7V4<£Sc; sun-dried, 4%<!?5c;
Black Figs In sacks, 2@2Hc; Plums, 4^-§4%c
for pitted and 1',31',r for unpltted; bleached
Plums, '. •i.".i. t f; Nectarines, 4@sc for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2H'?f4 l^c for quarters and 3®sV£c
for lialvep. according to color, etc.
RAISINS for two-crown. 3c for three
crown. 3Vic for four-crown, 4Vic for Seedless
Sultanas. 2>;c for Seedless Muscatels and $1®
1 10 for Ixmdon layers; dried Grapes, 2Hc.
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at Be per lb; ;
Walnuts. Ss4c for hardshell and 406 c for soft
shell; Almonds, 3@4c for hardshell. 6(§7c for
so/tshell, B<4s9c for paper-shell; Peanuts, ¥<t
5V6c for Eastern and 4 ! -^<- for California: Pc- ;
cans, 614WRC: Filberts. 9V4<i?:ioc; Brazil Nuts,
R'Sf'c per lb; CocoanutP, $4 50@6~ per 100.
HONEY— Comb. 9@loc for bright and 6<S7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 6%@
6c; light amber extracted. -l\@s^c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Cottolenc Is higher all around. Pork products
are still firm and selling well.
CURED MEATS -Bacon. 9c per lb for
heavy, 9\£c for light medium, 10c for light,
lie for extra light and 12<9i12i4c for sugar cured ;
Eastern sugar cured Hams, 10H@llc; Cali
fornia Hams, 9V4@loc; Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl
extra Mesa Reef. $11: Family Beef, $12; Salt
Pork, $9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear,
$17@17 60; mess, $15; Smoked Beef, 12@12i4c per
lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces quoted at 6c per lb i
for compound and B%c for pure; pails. 9Hc;
California tierces, we per lb for compound
and 7M>c for pure; half barrels,- "?ic; 10-lb
tins. B>4c: 5 lb tins, B%c. .-"
■•' ■•:■!( Tierces. (%07Ho: packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-lb palls, 60 in a case, 9^e; |
3-lb pails, 20 in a case. B%e; 5-lb palls, 12 in a
case, 5i..,,-. 10-lb palls. 6 In a case. S%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a cose. 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net. nVs-; fancy tubs. SO lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c per lb.
HIDES. TATXOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell ;
about 1c under th» quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium. S^g^c; light, BH@9c;
Cowhides, BV4*x9%e: Stags, sc; salted Kip. 90
9^c; Calf, 10c; dry Hides, lfic; culls and brands,
12<S13c; dry Kip and Veal, 16@lGHc: dry Calf,
18@19c; culls, 16#17o; Goatskins, 30tT37Vic each;
Kids, .s@loc: Deerskins, good summer, 2.Vd.uic
per lb; medium. 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20@26c each; short wool, 30<{?50c
each; medium, 60Q80c; lons wool, 90@$l 10
each; HorsehldeS, salt. ?2*j2 60 for large. $1 30
<S2 for medium and 75c<a$l for small; Colts. !
S>©7sc; Homphldea dry. *1 60©l for large and
$l«rl 25 for small; Colts, 20<??50c.
T^LLOW-No. 1 rendered, 8®«%o per Ib; !
NO.-2, 2<G2i,r; refined, 4>^@4*ic; Grease, 2c
wpoi,- clip. San Joaquln, defective, 7@ :
9c; Southern Mountain, 9@llc; free Northern,
17018 c.
HOPS— IB 97 crop. 9@l2V4c per lb.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First qualit". 6c; choice, 6>4c: second
quality, M-.e; third quality, 4@sc per lb.
VEAL— Large 4«tsc; small. 6@7c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7V4@Bc; Ewes, 7@7%c per
lb.
LAMB— Spring BOB%C per lb.
PORK- Live Hogs. 4iJ?4'.ic for large, 4U@4%c
for medium and 3U®3%c for small; stock
Hogs. 2{?3c; dressed Hogs, s^@6%c.
OENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. June-July, s^4^
B%c; Wool Bags, nominal: San Quentin. $4 85.
COAL— 'Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $X; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50: Seat
tle. $6; Bryant, f.: Coos Ba- $5; ; Wallsend,
$7 DO; Cumberland, $10 25 In bulk and Ml 50 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
$7 60; Coke, $12 ncr tbn in bulk and $14 in
sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered, 6V4c; Dry
Granulated, 5%c; Confectioners' A, 5%c; Mag
nolia A, 6u.c; Extra C, S%c; Golden . C, BVic;
Candy Granulated,' 6c; California A, 6%c per
lb; half-barrels %c more than barrels, . and
boxes %c more. ■
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE. :
For Wednesday, May 25. /
Flour, qr sks . . lI.SV« Henna, sks ...... 2,632
Wheat, ctls 48 oy3 : Potatoes, ska ... 7SO
Barley, ' ctls ..... 1.010 Onions, sks ...... 282
Cheese, ctls . ■■ 191 Bran, sks 115
Corn, ctls ; 1,200 Shorts, sks ...... 780
Butter, ctls .'.'.'.'. 413 Hay, tons .? 198
Tallow, ctls . '204 Straw, tons ....... 10
Pelts, bdls ....:.. ISO Wool, bales ..... 29
Hides, no 616 Wine, gals .19,400
Eggs, doz 17.340 Lime, ; bbls ...... 120
Quicksilver, flsk. ■ 115 Chicory, bbls ; .... 40
Leather, rolls ... 118 Paper, reams .... 204
■ ;:• ; eastern. ■ .v. . ;
OREGON.
' Flour, qr ekg ... 14,186 Barley, etls 8,460
Wheat, ctls 10.700! Bran, sks 8.605
Hay, tons 40! Middlings, ska .. 300
Short*, sks 8.724i0at5. ctla 8.090
NEVADA.
i H*y. tons 10;
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks continued to Improve, though
the Improvement was slight.
The Challenge assessment falls delinquent In
i board to-day.
On the Bond Exchange Oceanic Steamship
made a further advance to $60 25 under free
i transactions, owing to the brilliant condition
of the company's affairs.
The following ore shipments were made over
the Eureka and Palisade railroad from the
mines of Eureka district, Nevada, for the
week ending May 20: Eureka Sampling Works.
63.500 pounds; Jackson, 66,100; Williamsburg.
31,420; Rocco-Hamilton, 30.790.
In the Crown Point mine the past week has
J been occupied in getting to and repairing
! the cave at the 1000 foot level, which is found
to be confined chiefly to the fourth, or pump,
compartment. Bulkheads will be put in to sus
! tain it. They are engaged also in repairing
i the shaft at the 160,, 500 and 800 foot levels
! at points requiring attention.
! The official letter from the Justice mine for
, the past week says: "We have been en
; gaged in stoping ore In the south drift from
I the station at the top of the winze and from
I the north drift on the 80 foot level, and have
hoisted 13 tons and 200 pounds of ore. The
| car samples averaged, gold. $55 48; silver. $45 25;
i total, $100 T3 per ton. On the 22d instant we got
i up steam at the Woodvllle hoisting worka and
: sent the cage down to the 822 foot level. The
[ shaft was found to be in good condition, ex
j eept a few pieces of timber, which can easily
! be replaced. The station at the 370 foot level,
| where it Is proposed to start the new west
, drift to connect with our present workings at
! a greater depth, is caved, and will have to be
' retlmbered. The machinery Is In good condl
l Uon and worked all right."
The yield of the Overman mine for the past
week amounted to 6 car loads of ore, of the
average car sample assay of $45 03 per ton.
| The ore came from the workings in the north
i drift on the 900 foot level. There is no change
In the condition of the mine.
BTOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, May 26—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. | Bld.Ask.
U 8 Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 48 —
Is quar c0up..110%11l IPac Gas Imp.. 86% —
4s quar reR... 108 109>,i Pac L Co 60% 61
4s quar new...121Vi122% SF G & E. .. 86% 87%
Miscellaneous— I San Fran .... 8& 3%
Cal-st Cab 65. 114% — Stock Gas .... 12 —
Cal El 6s 125 — Insurance—
C C.Wat 65... 99 100 Firem's Fund.l9o —
I Dup-st ex c... — SS% Bank Stocks—
E L & P 63. .127% — jAnglo-Cal .... -- 65
F& Cl Ry 6s. 113%115 Bank of Ca1... 243 245
Geary-st R ss. — 98 Cal 8D& T. 97% —
HC & S 5%5..100 105 First Nat ....205 —
L A L, Co 6s. — 100 Lon P & A... 130
Do.Kntd 65..— 100 Her Exchange 10 15
Market-st 65.. — 126 Nev Nat B 152%160
Do Ist M 55..113%113% Savings Banks—
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 97% Ger S & L..1425 1600
NC NG Ry75.103 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 65. .107% — Mutual Say. — 42%
N Ry Cal 5b.. 100% — S F Say U.. — 500
NPC R R 65.106 — S& L 50.... — 100
Mis Ist— — Security L..1425 —
!t^-75.103 — [Hum S & L.1050 1160
65.. 107*4 — Mutual Say. — 42V4
ha..lOO^ — S F Say U.. — 600
]l fis.l >5 — S & LSo — 100
H ns.lOOVj — Security S B 250 —
Oak Gas f5...100 — Union T Co. 955 —
Do 2d Is 55..10S — Street Railroad—
Om Ry 6a 123%123% California 10S 109%
P&O 6s 110 — Geary 40 —
P&CI Ry 65. 107% — Market-st .... 51>4 —
Powell-st 65.. .116 — Presidio 8% 9%
Reno 'VL&L..IOO — Powder-
Sac Elecßyos.loo — California ....115 150
SF & X P 58.107 107% E Dynamite .. 85 —
Sierra ßCal 6s. — 102% Giant Con Co. 43% 44
X Pof Ar 65..103 V; — Vlßorit ........ 3 3%
S P Cal 65... .— 113 Miscellaneous—
SP<" Is re 55.. — 96 Al Pac Apsn.. 92<4 94
S P Br 6s 110 — Ger Ld Wks..llo —
S V Wat 6«... 116* — Hana P C 0.... 10% 15
S V Wat 48... 101% — H C & S Co.. 19% 19%
Stock Gas 65.. — 103 Hutch S P Co. 48% —
Water Stocks— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. 57% 58% Nat Yin C 0... — 7
Marin Co 50 — Oceanic S Co. 60*4 60%
Spring Valley. 100 100 V; ; Pac A F L... 1% —
Gas & Electric— jPac Bot Co .. — 101%
Cent Gaslight. lo", — Par Paint Co. 7 —
Mutual El Co. — 11%
Morning Session.
15 Alaska Packers' Association 93 25
9 Market-street Railway 51 50
$2000 Market-st Ry Con Bonds Ss 113 62%
$19,000 do do 113 75
$2000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonos 100 25
$2000 do do 100 50
10 Oakland Gas 48 00
$2000 Oakland Gas Bonds 2ds 108 50
50 Oceanic Steamship Co 58 00
60 do do 68 25
15 do do 68 50
20 Pacific Lighting • •■• 51 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 87 50
$3000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 102 00
Street—
80 Oakland Gas 48 00
20 Pacific Lighting 6100
Afternoon Session.
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 19 75
150 Hutch 9 P Co 48 50
60 Market-street Railway 51 50
5 B F Gas & Electric Co 87 25
ins F Gaslight 3 25
35 Spring Valley Water 100 25
$5000 3 F & X P Ry Bonds 107 00
300 Oceanic Steamship Co 69 00
136 do do 59 25
10 do do 59 50
10 do do 59 75
50 do do 59 87%
«o do do 60 00
55 do do 60 12%
50 do do 60 25
Street—
$8000 Market-Bt Ry Con Bonds 5s 113 75
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
20 Oceanic Steamship Co 67 75
10 do do s 15 67 75
10 do do 57 57%
10 do do ■ 68 00
100 Hawaiian CAS Co 19 50
Afternoon Session.
30 8 F Gas & Electric Co 87 50
Btreet—
65 Oakland Gas L, & H Co 4S 12%
15 Contra Costa Water 68 26
25 Alaska Packers' Association 83 50
70 Market Ry Co 6162^4
BONING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
50 Best & Belcher. 27 ion Sierra Nevada.. 62
100 Mexican IS 100 63
200 Savage 101100 Union Con 10
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 11 400 Gould A Curry.. 20
400 Andes 09 300 Ophlr 38
600 Best & Belcher. 29 300 Potosi 21
800 Caledonia 1C i 100 Savage 11
100 Chollar 17 500 Sierra Nevada.. 56
100 Con Cal & Va.. 60 [00 Union Con 10
200 Con New York. 01 -' *_-"J" J
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 09 500 Potosi 19
200 Belcher OS 900 20
400 Best & Belcher. 2S 200 Savage 11
300 'hollar 16 200 Sierra : Nevada.. 51
200 Con Cal & Va.. 47 500 52
300 Crown Point ... OS 1100 53
200 Gould & Curry.. 19 300 64
400 Hale & Norcrs. 85 500 Union Con 10
250 Mexican 19 200 Yellow Jacket.. 22
(00 Ophlr 37
Afternoon Session.
508 Alta ' 12 200 Gould •& Curry.. 20
500 Andes 09 300 Ophlr 39
200 Best & Belcher. 29 1000 Overman 07
300 Caledonia 15 700 Sierra Nevada.. 55
500 Challenge Con.. OS 200 56
'00 I 'hollar 17 200 Union Con 10
100 Con Cal * Va.. 50 300 Yellow Jacket.. 22
600 Crown Point ... 08
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, " T ay 25—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Julia — 02
Bid. Ask. Justice OS 10
Alpha 02 03 Kentuck — 01
Alta 10 11 Lady Wash ... — 02
Andes OS 09 Mexican 19 21
Belcher ........ 08 09 Occidental 50 —
Best * Belcher 28 30 Ophlr .37 3S
Bullion 06 06 Overman 07 OS
Caledonia 16 17 Potosi 20 21
Chollar 16 17 Savage 10 11
Challenge Con. 07 08 Seg Belcher ... 05 06
Con Cal & Va. 50 51 Scorpion — 02
Confidence 33 40 Sierra Nevada. 55 56
Con Imperial .. — 01 Silver Hill .... 05 06
Cr*wn Point .. 08 09 Syndicate . — 04
Con New York. — 01 Standard — 50 '
Eureka Con ... — 2" Union Con 10 11
Exchequer — 03 Utah — 05
Gould & Curry. 19 21 Yellow Jacket. 21 22
Hale & Norcrs. 86 90
THE CALL, CALENDAR.
May. IS9S.
»
23
8
10
17
We
4
J_
11
IS
25
i
Th. Fr. '
S 6 | «
2L'JL
lit ! 20 i
~2tT 27 |
14
21
I".
/Cs\ *ull Moo a.
W May 5.
■fa- .Last Quarter
"ii. May 12.
i tSi New Moon.
! W May 20.
Moon's Phases.
v
B
::i
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference; and the intent,
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The timeball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill in hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon, 12*Hh meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the T'nlted States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the timeball was
.dropped on time or giving the error. If any, U_
published the same day by the afternoon papers
and by the morning papers the following day.
C P" WELCH, Ensign. U. S. N.. in Charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and • Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE.— The high and low waters occur at
the city front , (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MAY- I'm
Thursday, May 28.
Sun rines I.*-,
Sun sets.... "i,7»U I '^
Moon sets 11:45 p. m
!^^r^lFeetji2E?lPeetl 225
IH Wi L Wi H W
L W
n
2:61
i:l2
L, Wf
0:11
1:05
4 1
8.8
2.5
1.9
9:14|
9:57
10:43
H W
5:44
7:12
B:2S
'.•■:
0.8 *:t~
0.7 6:21 1
1.1 s:Rfi
L Wl
8.5 U:SI
8 6 12:-"0
3.7 1:14
4.51 '.'■!>*
4.7 1 11:08
4.a I
|H W
1.5 6:31
1.9 7 :C6
2.3 7:42
■d.i
5.0
6.2
h.5
1.9
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morninp tides are Kiven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day in the order of occurrence as to time Ine
second time column (rives the second tide or
the day the third time column the third tide,
and trip last or right hand column give* th«
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides as sometimes occurs. The height*
given are additions to the sounding's on tn«
United States Coast Survey charts. ey«Pt
when a minus sl*n (— ) precedes the heUnt.
and then the number riven is subtracted from
the depth piven by the charts. The plane of
refprencp | F the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO A Kit I VBL
uiion
[nrifJin City..
lllance
tnirchoM^
mplro. .....
Portiana
rallaWalla....
oos Bay
»n Mateo
tate or Oal
hlna
hilkat_
itanla
omona
rescent Cltr--
rcata
'e!lln<ton..».
'ashlenaw
ortn PorK
Alaska
Portland — •
Comox
Coos Bay- -
Victoria & Pvuret Sound . .
Newport -
Comox
Portland
China ana Japan
Eel River
Nanaimo
San Dieg-o
Crescent City
Coos Bay
Departure Bay -
Tacoma. ••••
I HliniDOldt
Humooldt
Seattle
Portland
Newport
■ Seattle
Sydney
j Victoria * Puret Snd ....
I Panama
San Dlearo j
I Port. ana
May 2
May 2
May 21
May 25
May 2!
May 21
May 2!
May »
May S(
May a
May 8:
May I
May »1
jne :
i Jne i
Jne :
Jne !
: ne ;
rizaba 
r t]iamette. . ..
re^on |
omer
ity of Topeka
oana
matilla
in Bias I
inta Kosa
)iumoia I
STEAMERS TO 8 All*
BIKAMFR. I DEBTIN'ATIOSi
SAII.B.
ity Puebla [ Vie * Par Sad
niton Oregon Ports.
nzaba.. .. ! Hum do 1 1
olumbla.. ■ Portland
ani.i Rosa I luepo . . .
olon 1 Panama .
ioric Chlna&Japan
ree Dollar Alaska .
.lliance.... IPugei Sound.
enator IPmcet Sound .
oos liav.. Newport
hiikat... Humboldt ..
t&te of Cat Portland
.rcata Coos Bar — ..
'0m0ni.. .. San Dletro —
k'aila Wlla Vie & P?t Snd
[onranCy. St. Michael...
irecron Portlana
lomor Newport
lortaForlj Humboldt ...
May 26. 10 am
May •-'«. 9am
M iv 2'i. 10 AM
May 27. 10 AM
May 27. 11 AM
May 2S. 12 M
May 28. 1 PM
May 23
May 28. i* am
I May 2H, 10 am i
I May 29. '.1 am;
! May 23. '.» am '
May SO. 10 am
May 30, 10 am
May 31. 11 am
May 51. 10 am
June 1
•Tune 2. 10 am!
June 2. y am
I June 3. 9 AM i
I Pier J
I
Pier B
Pier 12
Pier 11
PM SS
PM SS
I Pier 9
I Pier 11
1 Pier IS
Pier U
Pier 14
Pier 11
Pier 8
'pier 12
I Pier 11
I Pier 2
THE TIME BALL.
Branch HydrogTaphlc Office, U. 3. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. May
25. I*9*.
The lima, ball on Telegraph Hill was droppwi
exactly at noon to-day — i. c., at noon of th»
12Cth meridian, or exactly 8 p. m.. Greenwich
time. C. P. WELCH.
Ensign. IT. S. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
AKRIVED.
Wednesday, May 25.
Ptmr Banta. Ro3a,- Alexander; 6Ui hours frm
San Plego and way ports.
Stmr Columbia. Goodall. 55% hours frm Port
land, via Astoria W\ hours.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Fosen, 25 hours from
Cayucoo.
Stmr Senator, Patterson. 80 hours from
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefleld, 88 hours from
Taooma. Oakland direct.
Srhr Five Brothers. Jensen, 20 hours from i
Blhlers Point.
Schr Monterey, Beck. 80 hours from \entura. ,
CLEAR-D.
Wednesday. May 25.
Ptmr Roanoke Kldston, Nanaimo and j
Pf^ittlp; Rr.annkP S S Co.
Ptmr Tlllamook, Dnran, St MlchaWs and
Seattle; Johnaon-Ijocke Mer Co.
Pktn Catherine Sjudden, Green, Kotzebue
pound; C Dickey.
Pohr Novelty. Rldeout, St Michael 3 and Port
Townsend; Cal Yukon Trading Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, May 25.
Stmr Homer. Jessen. San Pedro.
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen, l>f>al, with schr
Neptune in tow.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Brldgett, Ventura.
Stmr Scotia. Hansen. .;.' ,.-■
Stmr City of rvktnft. Smith, Manila.
Stmr Australia, Houdlette, Manila.
Stmr City of Sydney. Plllsbury. Manila.
Stmr Roanoke, Kidston, Nanatmo and
Seattle.
Stmr Cleone, Hißgins.
Ger bark H Hackfeld, Baebo, Queenstown.
Bktn Catherine Sudden. Green. Kotzebue
Schr' Neptune, Estvold, Usal, In tow of stmr
Newsboy.
Schr Bender Brothers. Wetzel.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— May 25. 19 p. m.— Weather
cloudy, wind SW: TelodtJ 1? miles.
MISCELL/. MEOUS..
MONTEVIDEO. May 24— Br ship Fiery Crnss.
from Cardiff for Es=qulmalt. arrived for repairs,
having been damaged In a gale.
SPOKEN.
May 1&-37 05 N 42 30 W, Br ship Celtlcburn.
he May n 3 £ r w. ÜBrU Br bark Cape Clear, from
"KhSiFs 8 ;? W^'l'ark G.encatrd. from
Liverpool for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR-Sailed May 24— Schr Vol
" PORT f LUDLOW-Sailed May 2&-Stmr Sunol.
°FO RT F < G-Arrlved May 25-Schr Se
quoia, hence May 24; stmr Point Arena, hence
«\>j l'r>lßGO—l 'r>IRGO— Sailed May Stmr Pasadena.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived May 25— Bktn Tarn
o' Shanter, from Santa Rosalia.
•NEWPORT-Salled May 25-Stmr Coquille
TACOM \— Arrived May — Stmr Umatilla,
hence May 21: stmr City of - Top^ka, hence
' CASPAR— May Stmr Jewel, hence
' TACOMA- -Sailed May 25— Bark Gatherer,' for
Arrived May 25— Stmr Chllkat, he
TATOOSH— Passed May — Bark Chas B
Kenny hence May 10 for Nanaimo.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived May 25— Stmr Signal,
hence May 21.
■ Sailed May 25— Schr James A Garfleld, for
San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived May 25— Str North Fork,
hence May 24.
BOWENS LANDING — Arrived May 26— Schr
Newark, hence May 23.
-FO. EIGN PORTS.
HAKODATE— SaiIed May 24— Bktn Quick
step, for Port Los Angeles.
HONGKONG— Arrived May 25— Haw stmr Az
tec, hence Apr 16.
KAHULUl— Arrived May Schr Metha Nel
son, from Newcastle, NSW; schr Olga, hence
Apr 2S.
MA Ul— Palled May 13— Schr Eva, for San
Francisco.
HlLO— Sailed May — Ship George Stetson, for
New York. May s—Brig5 — Brig Consuelo, for San
Francisco.
NANAlMO— Arrived May 25— Schr Bangor.
hence May 10.
- Stmr Orizaba, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr City of Puebla. Jeps>en, Victoria and
Port Townsend; Oiodall. Perkins & Co.
DUNGENESS— Passed May 24— ship Star
of Russia, hence Oct sth for Antwerp.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived May 19— Ital bark
Emilia Ciampa, hence Dec 1.
HAVRE— Arrived May 24— Br ship City of
Hankow, from Taeoma.
. HlOGO— Arrived Apr 16— Jap stmr Kagoshl
ma Maru, from Seattle, and sailed Apr 19 for
Hongkong. .-■■'. ■ • ■
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIIS
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10. 1537. trains wlil run as
follows:
South-bound. North-bo.'nd.
Passen- Mixed Mixed | Passsn-
Ker Sunday Sta- Sunday gar
Dally. Excep'd. tlons. Kxcep'd. Daily.
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:40 m
9:10 am 12:50 pm Merced 12:50 pm 3:53 pm
10:40 am 3:50 pm Frenno 9:30 am 2:20 pm
ll:40am 6:20 pm Hanrord 9:46 am I:lspm
12:15 pm 6:45 pm Vlsalla 6:40 a m 12:40 p m
Stopping at Intermediate points when re-
quired.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
C N & L Co leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 6 p. m. dally: at Merced .with
stages to and from SnellinßS. Coultervllle. To-
eemlte, etc.: '- also with stage for Hornitos,
Mariposa. etc; at Lankershlm with etas* to
and from Madeira. :^_ ,
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
BOUTIIKKN PAtIKIO « «».M HA T.
(pacific mmi
rrnlns lr»»r mill i»i«* ••«•*• («> nrrlv* n|
HANI riCANVIVtiUj
(Main Line, Foot of .Market Street.)
r.BAVE — From April 28. 1898. — arrivi
~»6:OOa Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... *»:4.T
7:OOa Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento 10:43.-
7:<>Oa MarysTille, Oro»Uleand Redding Tla # M
Woodland 3:43*^
7:00 a Vacavilleand Run S>43p
7:80 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Napa,
(-alia toga aud Santa Rosa VilSp
8:O0a Atlantic Kxpress, Og.len and East.. Si43p
»i»Oa Niles, .San Joae, .Stockton, lons,
Sacramento. Marynv'.lle, Chico,
Tt-naiDa ami Hi"l ItlmT 4:13p
•fltBOA Peters, Milton, Oakdale (Jamestown
for Yosemite) »7U3p
»t«M»A New Orleans Kxpr«*S, Merced, Fres-
no, Uakerstleld. Santa Iturliara,
I/OS Angeles, Dem ing. El Paso,
New Orleans and East ■ Si43 r
IO:OOa Vallejo. Martinet and Way .Station* 7:43 r
•1:O«P Sacramento ltifer Steamers *U:OOr
1:00p Niles, San Joso and Way Stations.. '9:43*.
J San Jose, Niles and Way Stations... !»:I5 A
2:00p LiTemiore, Mendota, Uanford and
Visalia..... 4:13*
Uyermore, San Jose, Niles said Way
Stations •-•■ JlOils*.
Fresno, Merced. Martinez, Vullejo.. 12:13p
Hit Op Martinez, tUn Ramon, Vn!lt-Jo,
:■ : ■- ■ i Napa. <!»llslot!ii, l.l Verano and
Ski. ROM »l! 3»
4iOOp Benicia, VacaTllle, Woodland,
KnighU l.aniUn«. MarysTillr, Oro-
Tilla and Sacramento 10:43*.
4tB«p Niles, San Jose. Tracy and Stockton .. 7il3p
4iBop Stockton, Oakdale, Merced 12:13p
4t3Op Castle and l*:l3r
4:3 up Lathrop, Modesto. Merced, Berend*
(Raymond for Yooemite), Fresno,
ojaTe, Santa Barbara aud Imm
Aogeles 7i43a
4t>lOr Santa Ft) Route, Atlantic Kxpreu
for Mojare and Kaat 8:41?
6rOOr Kuropeau Mail, Og<len and ISast.... 9:13 a
*6:OOp Vallejo 1«:1
SiUOr HitywariU. Nil. ami .San .lotto 7i43.\
J7sO«p Vallejo, Port Ooits, and Way Sta-
tions t»«43p ;
StOOp Oregon Express, Sacramento, Mary*.
Title. Rolling, Portland, Puget
Bound and Kast ■■■......,.. 1-1»4 ;
' SAX LKAMHtO AM) lIAVVTAUDS LOCAL.
;'■•:> y: (Foot of Market Street.)
i / T.l SI
*-«•* HelrOße, Seminary P«rk, t*»«45 A
iHSaI ntelibatw, Klmhnr-t, lili,^
<I1:OOa ! San Leandro, Sonth Ha* 12:13p
:i2 . :0 .°. M Le»ndro, EstndUlo, $£l \
i3:6op • Lorenzo, Cherry ■ *4:4.'5 4
4iOOp . - 18:43
S:OUP B " a 6:13p /
3:30p Ha/wardi. 7:4.>p ;
7:OOp fc:4tp
*iOOp 4 R,,,,s ihrontb to Nil**, »»45p i
9:00p i 1 rum Nile* 1O:3Op :
ttllilSp^ ni2:OQp
- COAsT DIVISION (.Narrow ««ui?e).
(Foot of Haricot Street, ■
17:45 a Santa Cruz Excurkian, SanU Crus
and Principal Way BtaH,.i,.s t*i«3r
8: 1 a Newark, terTille. Ban Kel ton.
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz and Way
Stations »«S»»
•2: 1 5f Newark. OenterTlllo, San Jose, New
Almaien, Felton. Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations HOtB«A. j
4:15p San Jose. Glenwood * Way Station* 9:B©a. j
o4: 1 Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz JV:*«x |
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SUN FRANCISCO — Not of Hirklt Street (Slif S) —
•7:16 9:(>0 11:00 a.m. $1:00 *2:00 tS:» j
•4:00 16:00 *6:00p.1I.
sr«raoiXUliß— Not »r Brwdwty^— *6:00 8:Cfl 10:00 A.M.
ti2:CO »l:00 $2:00 '3:00 U-.06 '5:00 r.n.
COAST 111 VISION (Hroad Uange).
(Third and Townse.-id SM.) ;
*7:00 a San .lone and Way .Stations (New
Alraaden Wednesdays only) liSOv I
J7::10a Sunday Excursion for San Jote,
Saata Cruz, Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations JStSSr
OiOOa Huh .lost), Tres I'inus, Hanta Cruz,
Pacillc drove, Paso Hoblea, San
I, niß Obl»iH>, Guadalupe, Surf aud
Principal Way suttuus 4il*r
I«i4«a Ban .loie and Way .Stations *SiOOa
IItiSUA San J..ae and Way Stations *8:33*.
•2:4spSan Mateo. Redwood, Palo Alto,
Santa Clara, Sau Joie, Gilrcy,
Holllster, Santa Criiz. Salinas,
Monterey »nd Pacific (irore *l«li83 a.
•H:Ho r San Jose aud Way Stations *9>»Oa. '
• 1:1 5r San Jose and Principal Way Stations 8:43 a. !
•5:«l»p San Jose aud Principal Way Stations 6:33 a, I
.'»:::«!* Bas Jose aud Principal Way Station! S:3Op <
•>::iOp San Jose and Way Station* ?:30r
t11:43r San Jose and Way Stations ?:3Cp
A for Morning. P for Afternoon!
* .Sundays exceptnd. . I Sundays only, t Saturdays only
♦ ' Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only,
I S".n''»v and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
SAN FRANCISCO and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO. ' P
Tlttwnm Fmrrr. Fmt af Mmr*»t Sa.
***-> x>itAisC"ibCO TO bAM ha wai,:i^ .j*. '
WEEK DATS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m.| JW».
*:: M ,\ 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursday*- trlw
■ 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extr» trip* it 144
and 11:30 p. m.
■ SUNDAYS- 8:00. 9:10. 11:00 a, m.; V.U. 1:33.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.l 11:«U
8:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdayß— trips *5
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m. i
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a. ml; l:4«t 1:10.
6:00, 6:25 p. m. |
Between Ban Francisco and Bdraetaem YarM '
same schedule as above. •; .-■ •
Leave *—-■•«
San Francisco. In effect San Francisco.
April 23. i
Week I Sun- 1898. Bun- I Weak
Days. I days. Destination. ) days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am~St74O an»
3:30 pm 9:30 am Fetaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 an* I
6:10 pm 5:00 pin Santa Rosa._ | 7:35 pm «:2J pni
Fulton.
7:50 am Windsor. It:ZS aax '
Healdsburf.
Lytton,
GeyßervlUa,
8:30 pm 8:00 am] Cloverdalo. f 7:35 pm t.tt pnf
7:30 ami I Hopland and 110:23 am'
8:30 pm|8:00 am| Uklah. f 7:35 pm| 6:23 pm
7:30 am 1 10:25 am •
8:00 am Guernevillo. I 7:35 pm
8:30 pm j | <:23 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma 110:40 am 8:40 am" i
( and I ;
6:10 pm 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. f 6:10 pmf 8:23 pni
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm| I 7:35 pm| 6:23 pm j
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West i
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
6erville for Skagfts Springs; at Cloverdale tor
the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake. Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River- ;
Fide, Lierley's. Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights.]
Hullville, Booneville, Git's Hot Springs, Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at'
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bld«.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN,
Prea. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Arent.
■mioiiluiLm-^j ill CALIFORNIA rv *^
THE ONLY LIMITED TRAIN
FROM CALIFORNIA BY
ANY LINE,
r/>nv» Pan Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with- i
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR. ;
Pullman Palace Drawing Room Sleepers. C;j
days to Chicago, 4% days to New York.
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
street. Chronicle butldintr. Telephone Main 1520.
Oakland office. 1118 Broadway. Sacramento
office. 201 J street. San Jose. 7 Went Santa
Clara street. ■ :
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vim Sausalito P«rry.
From San Francisco, commencing Hay L IS3S.
W. EX DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Itafael— •8:00 l
•9:30, 11:00 a. m.; »1:45. 3:2</. 4:00, 6:15. •«:00-
C:3O p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Monday*.
Wednesdays. Saturdays and Sundays at 11:31
p. in.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *S:oo, *3 OflL
•10:00, - 11:00. 11:30 a. m. ; 1:00. m lAi. »2:30. •4:oft,
6:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way eta'ns.
1:20 p. m. Saturdays — and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. m. week days (Sat. ex.)— Tomales and
way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — and way stations.
1:45 p. m. Sundays Point Reyes and way sta'*,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY. •
(Via Sausallto Ferry.) *' '»
Leave San t raucikuu, ctxnnitsncing May -m
MM: *
Week Days — a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 9:00. 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:45 and
2:30 p. m.
: Monday. May 30, — Trains run on Sunday
time. .:-■.-.
< Round trip from Mill Valley, $1. -
THOS. • COOK & SON, Agents. •■ 621 Market
street, San Francisco.DECLINE TO
SELL TICKETS
Red Cross League After
Information.
OBJECTS TO ADVERTISING
EACE TRACK BENEFIT CAUSES
A LIVELY DISCUSSION.
Oakland's Various Branches Are Do
ing Their Full Share of the
Work in the Good
* Cause.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
■_ 908 Broadway, May 25.
The Red Cross day at the race track
caused a discussion at the meeting of the
lied Cross League of Oakland to-day.
Mrs. Alice Bunnell, who was acting as
president, called the attention of the la
dles to the fact of which they were pre
viously ignorant, that there is to be a
Red Cross day at the Emeryville track
next Friday. Six hundred tickets have
been sent to the Oakland ladies with a re
quest that they dispose of them.
After stating the facts Mrs. Bunneil
asked the ladies what was their pleasure
In the matter. Silence followed. Then
the chairman held up one of the cards,
on^ which was printed a red cross.
"I think It does not look well for the
emblem of this society to be used for ad
em r fh^fca^ PoSeS " «d« d Dr - Knox yer >'
"It Is contrary to the national rules and
regulations," said Mrs. Lemmon.
«>,.'P# es a iy J one know who authorized
this? asked Mrs. Bunnell.
<-• "iw ar o says 'For the benefit of the
California Red Cross Society.' "
"It probably refers to the San Fran
cisco society and is a matter in which we
have no concern " said Mrs. Ginn. "We
have pur resolution in regard to the giv
ing of entertainments, and I would sug
gest that the secretary read it."
read^hffXwiS^'' the secretar >-' then
••Resolved. Th t while the Red Cross 1
■will not give or be a party to any enter
tainment for its benefit, it is ready to ac
cept all donations from any entertain
ment given, at the discretion "of the enter
tainment committee."
«£f* J&£°?t. WeW c 8 r £? uest ed to communi
cate with the San Francisco society rela
tive to whether or not it was to be the
beneficiary, and the matter was quietly
on°tn*l tabVe ° ardS a d UcketS remaining
*hT h £ witS? £* th work bein S don e by
*«« e lan d ed Cross Solely is known
to but few in proportion to the population
> L this city The , sewing for abdominal
badges, making of comfort bags of thou
sands of wound bandages, all of which
must be neatly rolled; the solicitation of
funds and committee meetings are but a
email part of the work being accom
plished through the untiring efforts of
the president, Mrs. G. S. Abbott. She is
almost daily in attendance upon the meet
ings of the State Society In San Fran
cisco, for which her wonderful executive
ability makes her particularly valuable
The gathering of books, magazines, etc
in large quantities, shoes to relieve the
harshness of Government brogans, un
derclothing of tennis flannel for the sick
and food for regiments of soldiers Is being
kept up continually by Mrs. I. L. Requa
In the serving of their breakfasts they
are assisted by all of the society set. No
one ever expected to see Oakland society
girls get up at 5 o'clock and go to the
city, to eat their breakfast from tin j
plates after they had been used by sol- '
dir-rs. But that is what happened to-day
in the ferry depot.
The girls never looked happier or heal- i
thier, and as they pinned flowers to the i
soldiers' uniforms tears came into many
a manly eye as the remembrance of \
mother, sister, wife or sweetheart came i
to him. The soldiers' appreciation by j
words and deeds paid fully for the loss '
of sleep and energy expended. The coffee t
from Hawaiian's, his stews, bread and
cake from Oakland's homes were never
more freely given.
. To-day $100 was raised by Mrs. J. M '■
Cushing for underwear for the Kansas '
regiment, besides the gifts of thirty-live
tennis flannel garments and a lot of i
splendid shoes. The young ladies attended j
a card party this afternoon, invitations
for which they had accepted before troops
began to arrive. As they went to-day, !
with tears in their eyes, they said; "We j
have no hearts for card parties after see- I
ing the needs of our brave boys in biu<\" I
To-day It was learned thai the Modesto j
company of the Sixth Regiment was {
without towels and soap. Dr. Myra Knox !
made a call upon the younger set, and by
to-morrow the gentlemen Will be using
the soap furnished by these girls and
drying themselves on the finest of linen.
= =
COMMENCEMENT AT MILLS.
Patriotic Decorations Add to the :
Beauty of the Scene.
OAKLAND, May 25.— The commence
yneneement exercises of Mills College !
took place to-day at that institution amid
a profuse decoration of the stars and i
Btrlpes. The young ladies had charge of
the decorations and nothing but patriot- i
Ism was thought of in their efforts. Flags '-.
flew everywhere In and out of the build
lag and presented a beautiful Bight.
The board of trustees met at 10 o'clock ;
and elected Miss Janet Haight of thla city :
to succeed Mrs. Alexander Martin, the re
tiring trustee. Dr. George Adaina, D. D.,
WBa the other trustee selected. After
a thorough inspection of the art gallery
and grounds a bountiful repast was |
served in the dining-room. The young ;
ladies served as attendants and every j
one seemed to enjoy him or herself.
A hymn and prayer opened the after
noon exercises in the main hall. Miss
fcydnia A. Barnard sang ''Since Firm I
Met Thee" as a solo, after which Dr. i
Adams delivered the address of the day !
to the graduates. The school class ren
dered Chopln'B "Hear, O Lord," after
■which Mrs. Mills delivered diplomas to
the graduates, as follows:
College— Mary Adele Laughlln.
Seminary — Sydnla Alice .Barnard, Eve
line May Kerr, Grace Elizabeth Reynolds,
F. Lou Veneta Rome, Adelaide Margaret
Samuels.
There was a large attendance from this
city and San Francisco.
BTRATTON PREPARES A BILL
Suggests That All Interested Indorse
It Before the Next Session. .
OAKLAND, May 25.— Senator Fred
Stratton sent the following letter to last
night's session of the Merchants' Ex
change, which was read and filed: ]\
Referring to your letter of the 17th lust.,
with reference to attachment of wares of pub
lic employes I will state that I will reintroduce
the bill In the Senate, and I enclose you a
copy of the frame herewith, which la like that
Introduced at the last session
You will notice that I have not incorporated
any amendment exempting attaches or mem
bers of the Legislature, it occurs to me that
the argument that such officials will be ad
' versely interested by the passage of the law is
1X1 1 . t y ui ff"? Vl?*V 1 ?* *, he P^ent bill would
only take effect sixty days after passage or
approval, which would carry the operation . of
th* ■Le^Watui-e. Ume ° the ad urn ">ent of
I hope you will, pay within sixty or ninety
days of the meeting of the Legislature "end
the bill throughout this State ™ that the van
■ ° U 2 bodies interested may obtain the support
i and good offices of the members of the iJecU
lature from their respective localities J^ *■"*
1 think It would be a good Idea to' call also
a meeting of the Alameda delegation before^
we proceed to Sacramento in order that there
- may be unanimity of action. Very truly yours
F. 8. STRATTON. '
The Courts to Close.
OAKLAND, May 25.— departments
of the Superior Courts will be closed to
morrow afternoon in honor of the mem
ory of the late James C. Martin. The
/funeral will take place at the family resi-
At.'-nee. 454 Prospect avenue, and will bo
T-i' a private character. The Rev. J<shn
Bakewell of Trinity Episcopal Church j
' •will officiate, and Messrs. A. A. —ioore J '
P. Garlick G. M. Shaw, "W. J. Robinson i
will act as pall-bearers. The body will be
brought to the Broadway station at 11:50 j
o'clock, where a funeral train will be in |
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
waiting to convey It to Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, where it will be cremated.
Baptists Will Come West.
OAKLAND, May 25.— Rev. James Sun
derland, secretary of the American Bap
tist Missionary Union, received a dispatch
this morning announcing that the great
May anniversaries, which have b<^i in
session for the past week at Rochester,
N. V., would convene In May, 1599. In San
Francisco. This assures the visit of thou
sands of prominent Baptists from every
State in the Union to the Golden Gate
next year.
The organizations which meet at that
time arc the Missionary Union, the Home
Mission, the Publication and the Educa
tion societies*. The women's auxiliaries
will also meet with them. These societies
represent the Baptists of America except
the Southern States.
Sons of Fighters Called.
OAKLAND, May 25.— The following no
tice was issued to-day by Captain C. A.
Taber. commanding the Sons of Veterans
Guards:
Headquarters Sons of .Veterans Guards,
474 Eighth street.
All sons of soldiers, sailors or marines are
requested to meet at these headquarters to
night (Thursday) at S p. m. to sign the roll
and drill. The President of the United States
has issued a call tar 75,000 more men. Show
I.v your presence that you are as loyal as your
fathers were In 1861-65. C. A. TABER.
Captain Commanding.
Verdict Expected Friday.
OAKLAND, May 25.— The defense In the
O'Brien felony case from Livermore rest
ed suddenly this afternoon. To-morrow
forenoon rebuttal testimony will be intro
duced and the case continued until Friday
for the Martin funeral. A verdict is ex
pected some time Friday.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND. May 25.— The Board of
Police and Fire Commissioners adjourned
to meet to-morrow without filling the va
cancies existing. They are supposed to
act at once.
E. R. Tutt will erect a three-story
brick building on the south side of Thir
teenth street, between Washington and
Clay streets, at a cost of $12,000. Albert
Brown will erect a similar building ad
joining it. t
The quarterly conference of the Ala
meda County Women's Christian Temper
ance Union will he held in the Chester
street Methodist Episcopal Church Friday
afternoon and evening. A good pro
gramme has been prepared for the meet
ing.
THE LIBRARY TRUSTEES.
Will Take No Action in the Har
boume Defalcation Matter.
ALAMEDA, May 25.— At the meeting of
the board of library trustees last even
ing the Harbourne defalcation was dis
cussed, and it was agreed by the mem
bers that if there were any suits to be
brought, it was the province of the city
officials to bring them and not the library
board. That board is merely the agent of
the city government, and its members cud
not believe they had the right to bring
such suit. Furthermore, they have re
ceived no official notice that any such ac
tion had been taken by the City Trustees
as granting them permission to use the
name of thp city to hring suit.
The matter of having a new catalogue
printed for the library was taken up and
discussed, and it was agreed to circulate
a subscription list pledging patrons of the
library to purchase copies of such cata
logue at actual cost. In this way it was
thought the work could be done' without
expense to the library.
COMPANY G.
Silhouette Practice and Anniversary
Banquet on Sunday Next.
ALAMKDA. May 25.— Company G of the
Fifth Regiment of this city will hold a
silhouette target shoot on Sunday next,
and will incidentally at the same time cel
ebrate the anniversary of its organization
five years ago. Everything is in readiness
for th<' shoot, and the boys are all eager
to participate in anticipation of being
called out or being able to volunteer under
the second call for men.
After the slioot a banquet will be served
at the Leona Hotel, near where the prac
tice will take place, in commemoration of
the organization of the company June 1,
Company G is very proud of its record
and is one of the few companies of the
Fifth Regiment which at on< c recruited
up to the full number allowed when the
troops were called for three weeks ago.
The Burial of Williams.
ALAMEDA, May 26.— The body of Wil
liams, who was killed by Mrs. *t ; regory.
still lies at the Morgue in this city un
•l. One of his fellow-workmen in
the wire works in San Francisco came
over to-day and requested that it be held
for a little time to enable communication
to be made with Williams' people in Eng
land, who are said to be wealthy. Deputy
( nrorer Fowler will do this, but if no re
ply is received within a short time the
body will be buried in the potters' field
by the county.
Traffic Delayed.
ALAMEDA, May 25.— Complaint is made
of the mariner in which traffic is obstruct- j
ed by the Webster-street drawbridge !
being opened needlessly and for extended >
periods. Last Sunday before and after
the accident on the narrow-gauge line the i
draw was opened for nearly two hours to
allow an old scow to be windlassed
through an inch at a time against wind !
and tide. After it got through it had to
tie up, as it could go no further. Fully a
thousand people wen delayed by this ac- i
tion. To add to the grievance is the fact i
that the men who run the scow are a ■
couple of foreigner.*, who apparently took ;
this opportunity to show their contempt j
for Americans in general.
Borden Sues Cohen.
ALAMEDA, May 25.— Ivey I* Borden
; commenced suit in the Recorder's Court
i in this city to-day against Alfred H. Co
hen for $225 and Interest at 9 per cent
j since July, 1596, on a note for that amount.
i It was in a dispute about this money that
; Uorden's leg was broken on Monday, as
j is claimed, by Cohen driving into his ve
| hide and upsetting it.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, May 25.— Nothing has yet
been done about setting the date for the
examination of the Gregorys for th*> kill
ing of Williams. Mrs. Gregory finds im
prisonment irksome and refuses to see
visitors.
Volunteers have been called for in this
I city for a regiment of mounted Infantry
that is being made up about the bay.
At the meeting of the Unitarian Club
this evening the question of the proposed
new charter will be discussed. This will
be the last meeting of the club for a
couple of months.
The class of December '98 of the High
School has joined the Red Cross League
In a body.
Dr. Jordan of Stanford will lecturw in
the Unitarian Church in this city on Sun
day evening on "The Passion Play." The
proceeds will go to the Red Cross League.
■ ♦ .
Students Eager for the War.
BERKELEY, May 25.— Among the
Berkeleyana who went to San Francisco
to-day to enlist was Edward McCleavo, a
junior at the State university and a son
of Captain McCleave of North Berkeley,
who fought in the Civil War. McCleave.
whose elder brother. Lieutenant Robert
McCleave. U. S. A., h;is recently been as
signed for duty in Cuba, had been offered
a good position in Alaska before the call
for volunteers was made. His ticket was
already bought and he was to have sailed
next Sunday, but the call to arms proved
Irresistible. His parents reluctantly gave I
their consent to his enlistment, as he
lacked several months of having attained '•
his majority, and to-day he went with a
number of fellow-students to enter the
Fourteenth Regiment of the regulars
Among the other Berkeley men who also
went over to enlist were Football Coach
Garrett Cochran and "Kid" Vassar of
Princeton, I. C. Boss of the University of
California, Payson Riggs, Fred Berger. R.
Masters and Earl Nutting of the Berke
ley High School.
Vote against the new charter
because section 5 of article llj
chapter 1, abolishes precinct
registration and wipes out the
registration act of 1878. By
thus establishing central office ;
registration a great inconven- I
ience is placed upon the labor
ing classes who usually register
in their precincts.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAJ^L, THURSDAY, MAY 26, 1898.
COURT NAMES
THE EXPERTS
Novel Point Decided by
Judge Greene.
WILL EXPEDITE TRIALS
ANNIE McCANN IS SUING FOR
HEAVY DAMAGES.
Will Be Examined by Doctors Who
Have Been Selected for the
Purpose by the .
Bench.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 26.
Judge Greene passed upon a point never
before decided in the courts of this State
this morning when he granted defen
dant's motion for the appointment by the
court of medical experts to examine into
the alleged injuries of the plaintiff In the
case of Annie C. McCann against the
Piedmont and Mountain View Railway
Company for $50,000 damages.
The motion was argued on Monday last,
when Attornes- Bell, appearing for the de
fendant, cited extensively from the
authorities and argued that in cases of
this nature, where complicated injuries
are alleged and heavy damages sought, It
is necessary that the court appoint disin
terested experts to examine plaintiff, to
the end that full and complete justice may
be done to all parties. Mr. Hell contended
that experts brought into court by either
party are too prone to be prejudiced or
biased in favor of the party calling them.
There has been ample justification for
the arguments of Mr. Bell in cases tried
within the past few years in Alameda
County. One of the most noted is un
doubtedly that of Colonel Wettstein
against the railroad company, in which
medical experts were found who testified
to all sorts and conditions of physical
wreckage and flatly contradicted each
I'thr-r on all points.
Messrs. Fitzgerald and Abbot, who ap
pearVor the Piedmont and Mountain View
Railway, deny the defendant's right to
such an examination of the plaintiff, and
stated that they had already agreed that
she should be examined by the defen
dant's physician. The matter was argued
at length and submitted to Judge Greene,
who rendered his decision this morning.
The court held that under the law and
the rules of the court the defendant is
entitled to the appointment of experts by
the court, and Judge Greene named Drs.
J. S. Adams, J. M. Solfridge and H. M.
Rucker of Oakland and Dr. ..lartin of San
Francisco, a specialist in nervous dis
eases, to make the examination asked for.
The plaintiff alleges in her complaint
that she is suffering from spinal mening
itis and complicated nervous troubles as
a result of the defendant's negligence in
prematurely starting a car which she was
attempting to board in June of last year.
TRAINING FOR BUSINESS.
Organization of the College of Com
merce of the University of
California.
BERKELEY, May 25.— The* '"olleg-> of
Commerce of the University of California
was duly organized to-day. A committee
of the faculty, consisting of President
Kellogg and Professors Davidson, Slate,
Plehn, Hllgard, Bacon and Moses, had
charge of the organization of the new
college.
The faculty of the College of Commerce
will consist of Professor George David
son and such members of the faculty as
givo courses which are to be Included In
the curriculum of the new college. For
the coming year the courses given wiU
be practically those given at present in
the colleges of natural and social
sciences. Groups of courses will be out
lined for students in the new college.
One group has already been decided upoifc
It includes the studies of commercial law,
economic history, commercial, history,
banking, currency and exchange. Insur
ance, transportation, industrial and com
mercial organization, finance and tajca
tioii. statistics, diplomatic history and
commercial geography. Professors David
son and Hilgard were appointed a special
committee to arrange other groups. In
struction in the new college will begin at
the opening of the next college term in
August.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. May 25.— Hon. J. West :
Martin of Oakland, who is a member 6f
the Board of Regents of the State Uni
versity, la seriously 111 at Paraiso Springs,
whither he went some time ago for his
health.
Secretary E. W. Davis of the University
of California will deliver the commence
ment address on June 11 at the Sonoma
Valley Union High School.
Regent A. S. Hallidie of the university
will leave for the East at the end of the
week on business connected with the
establishment of the Wilmerdlng School.
A barn at Seventh and Delaware streets.
West Berkeley, valued at $400, and belong
ing to Jerry Doran, was destroyed by fire
early this morning. Tramps are sup
posed to have caused the fire.
The funeral of the late R. R. Swain
took place to-day from his late residence,
2'XW Charming way. Rev. J. M. Thompson
and Rev. H. Hillard officiated. The inter
ment was in Mountain View Cemetery.
West Horkdoy Lodge No. 21, Order of
Hermann's Sons, will give fts annual pic
nic this year on June 12 at Oak Grove.
The Berkeley volunteers, who now num
ber fifty, will meet next Friday evening
In Odd Fellows' Hall. An effort will be
made to recruit the company to Its full
quota of eighty men.
Vote against the new
charter because section 2
of chapter 2, article VII, of
thecharter, says: "Adults
shall be entitled to free
instruction in the even
ing schools, but no child
under 14 years of age
shall be admitted to such
schools." This is a direct
blow at the children of the
poor.
NO PAY, NO BOXING.
The Occidental Handball Club's First
Fistic Show Ended in a Fizzle.
The Occidental Handball and Athletic
Cluß gave its first and doubtless its last
entertainment on Tuesday at 120 Grove
Btreet.
The hall or handball court was well
filled with people, who paid an admission
fee to see the sport, but when the master
of ceremonies announced that the event
of the evening would not take place there
were howls and vigorous protests from
the spectators, many of whom demanded
the return of their money.
The main event was to have been an
eight-round contest between Eugene Mul
ligan and J. Granfleld, but the boxers re
fused to" spar unless the managers of the
club fulfilled their promise, which was
the presentation of a 550 trophy to the
winner.
It appears that the club would not give
the lads more than $7 50 with which to
purchase a trophy, and they declined the
offer with thanks.
Previous to the so-called event of the
evening there were some tiresome boxing
contests, which did not', by any means,
enthuse the crowd.
This was the first and possibly will be
the last boxing show that will be given
under the auspices of the Occidental
HandbaJl and Athletic Club In this city.
COAL FROM NEWCASTLE.
Fifty Thousand Tons Outside of the
Ordinary Contracted For.
Coal from Newcastle, N. 8. W.. will
pour into San Francisco for the next two
or three months. Outside of ordinary
business 50,000 tons has been contracted
for, and It has all to be delivered on
schedule time. There are at the present
time twenty-four vessels in Newcastle,
N. S. W., either loading or under charter
to come te this port with coal. Their
carrying capacity is about 60,000 tons, and
as it is coming here in the ordinary course
of business it docs not count. These
vessels will also get here inside of the
ninety days, so that in less than three
months 110.000 tons of coal will have en
tered the Golden Gate.
The Zealandia went to the Sugar Re
finery yesterday. She had in her hold
17.754 backs of sugar, but as a double gang
of men was taken along it is expected
that she will be discharged at noon to
day. From the refinery the steamer will
go" to the Hunters Point drydock, and if
all goes well she will be back at Pacific
street wharf Saturday morning. The
work of fitting her out for troops will be
done as quickly as possible. .Captain
Howard will have her ready to take away
troops a couple of days before she Is
wanted by the Government.
Among those who went away on the
Peking yesterday was George Stephens
Jr. He is only a lad and was not a mem
ber of the National Guard, but as soon
as the trump of war was sounded he
sought out Captain McCreagh of Com
pany D, First Regiment, and enlisted. His
brother, who is an inspector in the Cus
toms service, and a host of his friends
and relatives, were out on a tug to bid
him a last farewell.
WATER RATES ARE
FOR THE COURTS
JUDGE MORROW DECIDES A DE
MURRER OF IMPORTANCE.
.
They Must Be Reasonable nnd That
Fact Must Be Established by
the Evidence.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow yes
terday handed down a decision to the ef
fect that the fixing by a board of county
supervisors of rates to be charged by an ;
irrigation company was a Federal ques- -
tion. The opinion was given in the matter
of the demurrer of the defendants In the
case of the San Joaquin and Kings River
Irrigation Company and others against
the Board of Supervisors of Stanislaus
County.
The proceeding was In the form of a bill '
I in equity to enjoin the defendants from
attempting to enforce an order fixing rates
which complainants should charge for
water. Judge Morrow said In his opin
ion:
'As a quasi-public corporation the com
plainant is undoubtedly subject to reason- '
able regulations as to rates which it
should charge for the distribution of
Water. It must be held to have accepted
its franchise rights and privileges sub
ject to the condition that the government
creating It, or the government within
whose limits it conducts its business may
by legislation protect the people against :
unreasonable charges for the service ren
dered it, and. on the other hand, it is not
subject to such unreasonable regulations
as would deprive it from earning a rea
sonable profit on Its Investment, thereby
meaning substantially the taking of prop
t-rty without due process of law aad deny
ing to it the equal protection of the laws.
■■While th<- rates for tn<» transportation
of persons and property within the limits
of the State are primarily for its deter
mination the Question whether they an;
ho unreasonably low as to deprive the
carrier of Its property without such com
pensation as the constitution neeures and
thereby without due process of aw can
not be so conclusively determine-: by the
Legislature of a state or by regulations :
adopted under its authority that the mat
ter may not become a subject of Judicial
Inquiry.
"Whether or not the complainant can
justly complain of the rates fixed by the .
order of the Board of Supervisors . of
Stanislaus County are whether or not the '
same are unreasonably low must depend
upon evidence to be adduced upon hear
ing."
The demurrer was overruled and the i
case will proceed to trial.
Vote against the new charter ;
because it authorizes the en
gineer of the Board of Public j
Works to collect fees to be fixed
by the board and pay them into
any fund the latter may desig
nate. This is a remarkable
and dangerous grant of power.
WILL BE A WAR
TIME WEDDING
Miss Alice Hooperand
Dp. A, B. McKee to
Marry To«Day #
Miss Alice Hooper, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. J. A. Hooper, will be married at noon
to-day to Dr. Albert B. Mrlvee.
The ceremony will take plnre at the res
idence of the bride's parent?, Mr. and
Mrs. J. A. Hooper, at the Conner of Clay
ur.il Laguna strcls. and Rev. Dr. Mac
kenzie Is to pronounce the words that
will make the happy couple one.
It is to be a typical war-time wedding,
and the stirring spirit of the times will
find expression in the decorations. The
dining room will glow with bright red
poppies and warships, monitors, military
equipments, not forgetting iTnele Sam, and
the gallant Bailor boys will find their
counterfeit presentment in gayly colored
ice cream molds.
In the drawing room, wtiere the cere
mony will be performed, pink and white
foxglove will make the room beautiful.
The bride, who will be attired in a mag
nificent gown of cream white peau-de
soie, will be attended by her sister, Miss
May Hooper, who will officiate as maid
of honor. Miss Jessie Hooper, Miss Jean
nette Hooper, MJss Evelyn Norwood, Miss
Meda Houghton, Miss Bertha Hourhton,
Miss Sophie Faull and Miss Edith Connor
will be the bridesmaids.
Dr. George B. Sommers is to be th« best
man.
The attendants of the bride will be
gowned alike in white organdie over green
silk.
Dr. McKee and his bride, after a bridal
trip, will make their home in this city.
DUE THE STATE.
Semi -Annual Statement of the City
,- " and > County Auditor.
The following statement ol money due
the State from the city has been compiled
by the Auditor. .
Beml-ar.nual settlement with State ■ ,
May 22. ISSB— Due State from real ■
estate taxes. 1897 ................ 1535,013 79
From personal property. 1597...; 3,24120
From redemptions of property sold to
State ........ .....r... .".......;..... 3,414 46
From general fund for maintenance : •- ..
of pupils at Whittler 5ch001...:..... 1,514 25
From general :■ fund : for maintenance
of pupils at Preston 5ch001.......... 1,540 73
From taxes previous to IS9< 1,28102
From general fund for maintenance :. ;■ ■
of feeble-minded children at Eld- .
ridge ......."...• ••-• 12.997 50
For poll taxes..... • 41.988 65
Total ..;. $600,881 60
This has been ; forwarded to the Con
troller and has been approved by him.
Vote against the new charter
because the new provisions in
relation r to the Police Courts
are unwise and pernicious.
ENOUGH FOUND
FOR A FIGHT
Alameda's Democracy Is
Being Resurrected.
ENGLISH FOR GOVERNOR
HIS FRIENDS DISTURB THE
MAGUIRE CAMP.
The Stalwarts Do Not Appear to Be
Working Together With Old-
Time Harmony These
Days.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, May 25.
At last enough Democrats or ex-fusion
ista have been found In Alameda County
to disagree. It has been thought for sev
eral months that Congressman Maguire
could not command much support on this
side of the bay, and slnre the Populists
have shown their opposition to any more
fusion, Alameda Democrats, or a certain
section of them, have been looking about
for some other man. It has now trans
pired that the friends of ex-Congressman
barren B. English are quietly canvassing
among the various factions with the view
of securing the unanimous indorsement
of the delegates to further his aspirations
for the Democratic nomination for Gov-
ernor.
It Is given out that Mr. English has re
ceived much encouragement, and the more
enthusiastic of his friends announce that
;he is in the fight to a finish. They con
tend that as the Supervisor of Contra
Costa he made an enviable record; that as
i State Senator he was always on the pop
! ular side, and that In his various contests
' for Congress he has always run far ahead
1 of his ticket, and developed a quality as a
I vote-catcher. These things his friends de
clare are necessary in a candidate in this
year of apparent Democratic disaster.
Mr. English's friends vow and declare
that there are in this banner Republican
; county several Democratic factions whom
lie only can unite and thus secure to his
party a less emphatic defeat than any
' other candidate. The fact that an effort is
i being made on behalf of Warren B. Eng
lish has caused general surprise, for the
idea has been fostered by many Demo
crats that Congressman Maguire would
■ have the delegation in spite of all oposi
tion, the Moffitt-I.aymance element being
believed to be advocates of the single
taxer, with the Fitzgerald-Brosnahan co
! norts acquiescing.
Ex-Senutor Muffin has been saying that
' he would not tako a hand in politics at
\ any time this year, and M. J. Laymance,
the ez-chalrtnan of the Democratic coun
ty central committee, hat- announced his
lntentlqn*of going to the Klondike. Chair
man Bfosnahan of the county committee
;is supposed td bo a personal friend of
Warren English, and Mr. Fitzgerald will
undoubtedly be on whichever side of the
iocal controversy Governor Budd favors.
I Mr. Laymance has stated that if English
'■■ gets Into the fight he might not go to the
Klondike until after the ronvention. Mr.
Moffltt adheres to his avowal to keep out
altogether, and Mr. Bfosnahan, as a good
Democrat, would, '■:' court ■. favor any
Alameda County man who had a good
show of being elected.
These Stalwarts have generally run
Di mocratic affairs in this county, but
there are others. \V. W. Foote may have.
t" be consulted. He has never b^en a
partisan of the English family, having
opposed W. D, English for Governor eight
years ago and warren It. English tor
Congressman more recently. Foote lias
many admirers in this county who would
like to see him make a fight for the Dem
ocratic nomination for Governor. But
; their desire is not likely t*> be gratified.
Another factor In Aiameds Democratic
! politics is the Silver party leaders. George
I \V. Baker, the head and front of the
1 party, is a resident of Oakland, and as
there is some likelihood that the Df-mo
1 crats may seek fusion this fall with any
1 thing that will strengthen them, Mr.
I Baker becomes a character of no small
Importance In the general situation.
Baker, it is said, would favor either
Foote or English, notwithstanding the
fact that English s brother, William D.,
w.is a pronounced gold bug In 1896.
"I can truthfully say." exclaimed Mr.
Baker recently, "that there are Englishes
and Englishes, and Warren English Is a
good enough silver man for William J.
Bryan, and that satisfies me."
There is still another element in the
Democracy to be considered: It is the
farmer element in the lower end of the
county. But it is said that they will not
Stand In the way of a home candidate. !
After all its defeats nnd its chagrin over
the fusion part of ICPO.1 C PO. it now looks as if
the Alameda Democracy is not to remain
dormant in 1898.
SIXTEEN-YEAR-OLD
VICTIM OF GAS
SAD DEATH OF PRETTY GRACE
PEARSON.
She Retired as a Happy Child, but
Left the Gas Burning, and She
Never Awoke Again.
Pretty Grace Pearson. 16 years old. was
found dead In her bed yesterday morning,
a victim to the deadly fumes of Illuminat
ing gas.
The deceased was a domestic in the
family of B. Getz, at 119 Frederick street.
Last Tuesday night she visited her moth
er at the lodging house kept by the latter
at 119 Fifth street, a curious coincidence
In numbers, by the way. The young girl
Beemed to be happy and In the best of
spirits and chatted merrily and played the
piano. Before she left for the home of
her employer she made an engagement to
spend next Sunday with her mother.
At a quarter of 6 o'clock yesterday
morning Mr. Getz called her, but receiv
ing no reply called In a neighbor and
forced the door. They found the girl dead
and the room full of the fumes of Illumi
nating gas.
Dr. J. C. Williamson was called In, and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales over 0,000,000 Boxes
**%s§**
FOB BILIOUS AND NEBVOUS DISOBDEBB
euch as Wind and Pain in the Stomach.
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness, Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling : Sensations.
THE FIBBT DOSE WILL GIVE BELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES, Every sufferer •
will acknowledge them to be : .
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
: - EEECIIAM'S PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They - promptly remove
•obstructions or irreeulnrities of tho sys-
tem and cur© Mick Headache* Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
v Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And bnT» the . '; '•- '
LARGEST B ALE i
of any Patent Medicine in the World.
- • 250. at all Drug Stores, —
after an examination of the body gave It
as his opinion that life had been extinct
for several hours. There was no indica
tion whatever that the girl had committed
suicide, everything in the room being in
its accustomed condition, and the win
dows not having been stopped up, which
would- have been the case if the girl had
taken her own life. The gas burner in the
room was turned «cm at full force, from
which fact the inference is drawn that the
deceased went to sleep with the gas burn
ing and that the pressure decreased suf
ficiently during the night to extinguish
the 'flame and then resumed its normal
pressure, filling the room with the poison
ous fumes. She was the only child of
Mrs. Pearson.
An Inquest will be held.
Vote against the r>ew char
ter because section 22, ar
ticle 11, chapter I, is in con
flict with section 8, article
XI, of the constitution. That
sectionauthorizes the amend
ment of the charter when
ever a petition shall be pre
sented. The constitution
provides tfyat it shall be
amended only at intervals of
two years, at either general
or special elections.
LAST MEET OF
THE FORUM CLUB
Musicale and Private
Theatricals Close
the Season.
The Forum Club pave a delightful mus
icale and theatrical entertainment at their
clubrooms on Grant avenue yesterday
afternoon that proved a most charming
success.
The hall was crowded with a fashion
able audience and the applause was loud
and frequent. The feature of the after-
noon was the first appearance of Miss
Grace Whitney, daughter of the presi
dent of the forum. Mrs. Whitney was
enthused with the character of Miss Bes»
sic Biddle in the amusing one-act com
edy, "Three Miss Biddies," and the young
lady covered herself with glory.
The programme of the afternoon in full
was as follows:
Piano solo, (a) "Preludes 1 Chopin
it) "Gavotte and Musette"
Eugene d' Albert
Miss Marlon Hear.
"A Fair Encounter." a comedietta In one act
by Charles Marsham Rae (members of
Dramatic Authors' Society.) Characters:
Lady i lara St. John... Mrs. «. Wlckliffe-llarrls
Mrs i Vila Grenvllle Miss Edna Elpmere
Vocal solo Selected
Mrs. Frederick Wilson.
"The Window Curtain" by Felix Morris
Mrs. Minnie Tlttel-Brune.
"Playing the Society Belle"
by Bertha M. Wilson
Miss Bellna Cohen.
Potion scene from "Rom<K> and Juliet"
Shakespeare j
Mis? Pearl Ladd.
Selections by Hawaiian Quintet l
"Three Mi.«s Biddies," a comedy in one act.
by Alice Yates Grant and Edwin Star
Belknap.
Ar.nic- Kiddle Miss May Sullivan
Orace Biddle Miss Stella H^nry ,
Bessie Middle Miss Grace Whitney <
Reginald Ronald Rawlston
George Austin Denlson i
Chris Buckley sent
the managing editor of
the Examiner to the
Legislature— not for his
health. He is now work
ing with him for the
charter.
Abraham E. Hecht's Estate.
The inventory and appraisement of the
estate of Abraham E. Hecht was filed
yesterday. The deceased loft an estnta
valued at $100,000, consisting of real and
personal property, all situate in this
State.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOLD PICK LINE
JOHNSON - LOCKE MERCANTILE
COMPANY,
689 Market Street, Sac Francisco,
SOLE AGENTS
STEAMERS FOR ALASKA AND KOTZE-
BUE SOUND,
Will Dispatch. the Following Steaxnerai
>m/\Y :25th—
<>OR DUTCH HARBOR, NUNIVAK IBLANXI
HOOPERS BAY, ST. MICHAEL AXR
DAWSON CITY,
. THE STEAMSHIP
TILLAMOOK.
/VIA.V
FOR KOTZEBUE SOUND, DUTCH HAH»
( BOR, NUNIVAK ISLAND. HOOPERS
' BAY. ST. MICHAEL AND DAW-
SON CITY.
The Newly-built Triple Expansion Steamer
GRACE DOLLAR,
Connecting at th? mouth of the Putnam
River with the river Steamer ARCTIC BIRD,
which will transfer passengers up the Putnam
River about the vicinity of Fort Cosmo*.
JUNE Ist—
FOR ST. MICHAEL, DAWSON CTTT AND
YUKON RIVER POINTS,
The Magnificent Steamer
MORGAN CITY.
Capacity 700 Passengers, 2000 Tons of Freight.
The above steamers are the finest of their
class; every comfort given to passengers; best
table set of any line running to Alaska. If
you are going to Alaska go by a reliable line.
For Information address
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE COMPANT.
. *09 Market St.. San Francisco.
y^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jLfc-sfcJiil 025 KGABXT HT. Established
' Jgf^tt^fiSi In 1554 for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625KEARXTKT. Established
In I *-.VI fur tti»- treatment of Private
I ii-piisfs. Lost Manhood. Debility or
l&fßgStß&sm disease vearingon bndyand mind and
SSbBmRBmH Skin Diseases. The doctor cureswhen
2?3ssra^»S others fall. Try him. Charges low.
T^f^r^SESmS fnrngßarantwd. Callorwrlte.
Dr. .1. V. mlß.tOa, Box 1957. San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
•NEW YORK. QUEKNSTOWN, SOUTHAMP-
TON.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, ANTWERP. 1
Steamers sail under Belgian or British Flags.
Southwark......May 251 Westernland..... June 1
•Chester ........May s 23l Kensington June 8
PHILADELPHIA. QUEENSTOW.V. LIVER-
POOL.
Steamers sail under Belgian Flag.
Pennland ...... .May. 21|Waesland Juno 4
EMPIRE LINE.
TO ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELOS. ]
i Steamers form<-ly employed in trans-Atlantic
services of the International Navigation Com-
pany and specially refitted for. this service.
8. S. Ohio, 3500 tons, from Seattle, June 15.
. 8. S. Indiana, 8500 tons, from. Seattle. June U.
8. 9. Pennsylvania, 3500 tons, from Seattle.
June 29. ' - - . j-. :
; Connecting with the company's own fleet of
IS new and modern steamers and barges on the
Yukon > River, through to Dawson City.' and
Intermediate points. ..-' v,i ". . •■
■ -For passage and freight apply to
; INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO., .
30 Montgomery St.
" Or any Of Its Agencies. ' " " .
AUCTION SALES,
GREAT DISPERSAL SALE
Under Instructions of
I. K. MOFFITT, Trustee, £?fr
■ ALL THE
Stallions, Brood Mares, Colts, Fillies and
Geldings
BRED BY WILLIAM CORBITT
At the Celebrated
' San Mateo Stock Farm,
(The former home r>f Guy Wilkes, t:tt%J
; To Take Place at the Farm, Burlmuaine. Cal.
THURSDAY, JUNE 2, 1898,
AT 10 O'CLOCK A. M.
36 Brood Mares 36
| As well bred as any in America, a:id many of
them the ilnm.* of winners.
The Great Young Stallion,
PRINCE AIRLIEJ
By Guy Wilkes, dam by Nutwood.
44 Fillies, Colts and Geldings,
Ranging from 1 to 6 years
old, all the get of
GUT WILKFS. 2:1514.
BABL-J WII.KES (i). 2:18,
ORO WILKES, 211. and
PRINCE AlßLia
In addition to these are 22 puck! lns eolW,
which will go with the dams, the majority by
Oro WUkes, the rest by Prince Alrlle.
The Stock la All in Fine Condition
This sale Is Imperative, and everythingr of-
fered must be Bold absolutely and without re-
serve.
A lot of Bulkier, cart*, horse boots and blank-
et* will be disposed of at private sal* at low
prices. Those not sold by June 2 will be sold
at auction.
Catalogues now ready.
Take 9 a. m. or 10:40 a. m. train from Third
and T'.Twnsend streets.
KILIP & CO., Livestock Auctioneer*.
11 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
AUCTION SALE
OF
BANKRUPT STOCK.
THE ST. LOUIS JEWELRY COMPANY 1 3
entire stock of JSO.OOO worth of DIAMONDS.
WATCHES, JEWELRY, CUT GLASS. STER-
LING SILVER NOVELTIES, ART GOODS.
ETC.*, will be sold regnrdless of cost at 1036
Market st. Sale opens FRIDAY at 2 p. m.
H. L. REED. Auctioneer.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
%fr~ Steamers leave Broadway
Pyg^^_ wharf, San Francisco.
! *A|PHctV For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
eWK^SSi May *• 6 - I - 16 - 21 26 - 31. June
Hk mUVK^ 5, transfer at Seattle.
ftfxfcSßY&fl For Alaskan ports (from
I flßS^JcfStti Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m..
' r^^iSlsliSa May 18, June 6, 26. July 17.
August *, 25. transfer at Port-
Tor Victoria, Vancouver (B. C). Port Towns-
end. Seattle. Tacoma, Everett, Anacorte. and
New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a. m.. May 1, , •.
For' Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 *. m-.
May 2 8 14. 20. 26. June 1. and every «Ut&
da /or tb 6a e nta er Cru,. Monterey. y San Simeon.
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis OWipo).
Gaviota, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huene«e
Ban Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) an*
Newport. 9 a. m.. May 1. 6. 9. IS. 17. 21. 25. 29.
June 2, and every fourth day thereafter. „„
For Ban Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo Los Angeles), U
a. m.. May 3. 7. 11. 15, 19. . 23. 27, 31. Jun. *.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena nay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Met), 10 a. m.. May 13.
June 10, and 2d of each month thereafter.
For further Information obtain folder.
Tb« company reserves the right to chang*
i without previous notice steame:s. sailing dates
a TIC^KT OFFICE— New Montgomery
■tr-;et (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Oen. Agta..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
Pacific . Coast Steamship Co.
|W. For SEATTLE
1 18% M TACOMA. Direct.
' r^^^mM. The New, Fast and Elegant
Steamship
SENATOR,
Carrying Freight and Passengers. v
Will Leave Broadway Wharf San Francisco,
SATURDAY. MAY 28. at 10 A. M.
Ticket Office, 4 New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market street. San Francisco.
THE 0, R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
' From Folscm-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC $12 First Class Including Bert*
I Ant $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
0reg0n..... May «. 18. M
Columbia ~ May 9, 18, »7
State of California ....May li. 31. M
St. Paul »18 00 St. Louis .....J32 00
Kansas City 26 00 Chicago 27 50
Omaha 28 00 New York... 3100
B. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO.. ,*
Superintendent*.
PHWfStUgfl Balling of June Ist
?_|_H|__E'cr Honolulu canceled.
L™ " " The 8. S. MOANA
r% S^\'^\ sails via Honolulu and
Sf&nNllDJ Auckland for Sydney
GHWjIIIJIII}/ Wednesday. June 16,
@np9fiy- at2pm -
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPB
TOWN, South Africa, BROS. CO.. Agenta.
j D SPRECKELS A BROS. CO.. Aarent*.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight office— m Market st., San Francisco.
Compagnis Generate Transatlantlquß,
French Lin* to Harre. '^^M
Company's Pier (new), 42 Nc ; f^ h -*C»*ft
River foot ol Morton St. Travelers<7UTVT\
by this line avoid both transit by ** ™ ™"
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat, New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via. Paris, first-class. $160;
second-class, $119. ' <( . .
LA BOURGOGXE. June i, 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE.... June 11. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE.. June 18. 10 a m.
LA BRETAGXE ..June 25, 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE.. .....July 2.10 a.m.
For further particular* apply to _ -^ •
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
"*' No. 3 'Bowling Green, New York.
: J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye.. j San Francisco. -...-■..-
BLUE STAR LINE
To St. Michael. Dawson City and Inter-
mediate River Points.
New steamship "Charles Nelson" will be dis-
patched June 2, connecting with company s
own Yukon River fleet, consisting of four large
modern equipped steamers, built by Moran
Uro*. of Seattle, and now en route for St.
SPECIAL ATTENTION called to the fact
that coal will be used exclusively on river
boats. Insuring most rapid passage possible.
Company's responsibility guarantees con-
tracts For passage and freight apply to BLUE
BT\R LIVE IS California St.. or Its agencies.
References. CAPTAIN CHARLES NELSON.
6 California St. Telephone Drum 2S.
DIRECT TO PARIS, LONDON. HAMBURO.
A Victoria June 16 F. Ilismarck July 38
F' Picmarck June 80 A. Victoria.. August 11
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE,
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT.
Patria June 4 Pennsylvania.. June 25
Phoenicia June S Palatla July 2
Hamburg-American Line, 3? Broadway, N. Y.
HEItZOG & CO., General Agents Pacific Coast.
401 California St.. cor. Sansome, San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello"
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m., 3:15 n. m. (s:3O p. m. ex. Thura.)
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m,
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and S p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock, Plar L
Telephone Red 194.
1112
AS CAUGHT
ON THE FLY
Up-to-Date Notes of the
National Game.
A TALK ABOUT UMPIRES
GOSSIP OF THE EASTERN" AND
LOCAL DIAMONDS.
On the Necessity of Daring in Base
Running — The Fair Sex Wel
come — The Season's
Schedule.
BY JOE CORBETT.
"Sam" Mertes made hla debut in a
Chicago uniform a few days ago and
made a good impression, although his
batting consisted of getting a base on
balls and being hit by the pitcher.
The famous White House team is will-
Ing to meet any amateur club on the
coast for purses ranging from J25 to $500.
This team has been playing excellent ball
of iate and contains many good players,
among them being James Nealon, who
Is not unknown in baseball circles. Jim
ts authority for the above statement re
garding: "purses," and is as confident of
!.:^ team defeating any amateur organi
zation as the 'jilt Edges are of winning
the pennant in the Pacific Coast league. |
Last Sunday's game at Fresno was the
greatest game of ball played in this State
since the famous eighteen-inning game .
between the Alt as and the Pioneers at
Sacramento in 1885. That it terminated
in such an unsatisfactory manner is
deeply regretted by all concerned. The •
Oaklands. from all accounts, made a mis- !
take in refusing: to continue the same, i
N*o matter how raw the decision might
have been they had no right to leave the I
field, but instead should have finished
the frame under protest. There is no-use
fighting over a decision, for when it Is
given there is no changing, and players
Bhould remember that. The play respon-
Bible for the dispute is peculiar, and it is !
described by a Fresno paper in this man
lier: "Held then hunted the ball, mak- ;
Ing a neat sacrifice, both runners advanc- ,
!
At San Francisco.
At Stockton. At Sacramento.
At Fresno.
At San Jose.
At Santa Cruz.
DATE.
May 1 Sacramento vs. Oakland.
■ San .lose \=. San Francisco.
May It 'Santa Cruz vs. Oakland.
'Santa Cruz vs. Athletics.
May 2 Santa Cruz vs. San Francisco.
! Stockton \s. Athli I
U Fr« sno \s. i ittkl i
San Francisco vs. Oakland.
San Francisco vs. Athletics.
Athletics.
Oakland.
Sacramento.
Fresno.
•San Francisco.
Santa Cruz.
Stockton.
•
San Francisco.
San Jose.
: Athletics.
Stockton.
•Oakland.
Oakland.
San Francisco.
Athletics.
Fresno.
Fresno.
! Oakland.
,iun» 4 Shu Jose vs. Fresno.
June a Fresno vs. Sun Francisco.
tl Santa Cruz vs. Athletics.
Santa Cruz vs. Oakland.
San .lose vs. San Francisco.
June 19 Pan Jose vs. Athlet
Santa I'niz vs. Oaklnn.l.
Stockton vs. San Francisco.
Oakland. . San Jose.
San Francisco. Sacramento.
Fresno. San Francisco.
Athletics. Santa Crux.
Athletics.
Athletics.
Oakland.
Oakland.
j.,iy ; San Jose vs. San Francisco.
July 3 -\ : hlel
July 4 Vthietics vs. OaJfland.
July ;• Fresno \s. San Francisco.
Fresno vs. Athletics.
July jg Sacramento vs. Athletics.
July 17. Santa Cruz vs. San Francisco.
j u ;V 03 San . se \ : - Athletics.
24 San Jose vs. Oakland.
\. Sacramento vs. Santa Cruz.
July SI.. Sacramento vs.. Athletics.
Stockton.
Sacramento.
San Francisco. Oakland.
Athletics.
< Stockton,
Oakland.
San Joss.
San Jose.
Oakland.
San Francisco.
Santa Cruz.
| Santa Crux.
> Sacramento.
; San Francisco.
San Francisco.
Athletics.
.
San Francisco.
—
I s Oakland vs. Stockton.
l-jrust 7 St ckton vs. San Francisco.
5l 12.... - - Santa Cruz.
■ ]4 Par. Francisco vs. Oakland.
August 20 \;iii'' iand.
August 21 Santa Cruz vs. Athletics.
■ 2: Fresno ■ -. Stockton.
August 28 Fresno vs. Oakland.
_!
San Jose.
Fresno.
Santa Cms.
L
■ Athletics.
Oakland.
Athletics.
Pan Francisco.
•
Oakland.
Sacramento.
: Stockton.
Pan Francisco.
Athletics.
ber i Stockton vs. San Jose.
t San Jose vs. Athletics.
, Athlet - and,
Santa Cruz vs. San Francisco.
■ Santa Cruz vs. San Francisco.
iber li 6 Oakland.
• _;.,.. 17 Sacramento vs. Stockton.
September IS Stockton vs. Athletics.
r 24 ...]S - vs. Athletics.
.'.. Sacramento vs. San Francisco.
Sacramento.
Oakland.
I Stockton.
j Stockton.
: San Francisco.
Athletics.
Athletics.
; Athletics.
Oakland.
Oakland.
Santa Cruz.
! Stockton,
i
Oakland.
i San Francisco.
Sacramerjto.
, Fresno.
i •
Athletics.
Oakland.
October i Santa Cmz \s San Francisco.
October 2 i Fresno vs. Oakland.
October 8 Ban Jose vs. Athletics.
October 9 'Pan Jose vs. San Francisco.
October 15 ; Santa Cruz vs. Athletics.
October 16 1 Santa Cruz vs. Oakland.
October 22 ! Oakland vs. Stockton.
October 23 1 Stockton vs. Athletics.
October 29 iSan Francisco vs. Sacramento.
October 30 'Sacramento vs. Oakland.
Santa Cruz. Athletics.
Oakland.
Fresno. Pan Francisco.
Oakland.
I San Francisco.
Stockton.
San Francisco.
Athletics.
Athletic*.
San Francisco.
San Jose.
Athletics.
Santa Cruz.
.
November 5 n Jose vs. Santa Oui.
November *i Fr»«nn vp. San Francisco.
November 8 Athletics vs. San Francisco.
November 12 San Francisco vs. Oakland.
lier 13 San Francisco vs. Athletics.
f.r v Oakland vp. San Francisco.
November 20 Athletics vs. Oakland.
Athletics.
Sacramento.
San Joea.
Santa Crui.
Oakland.
'
San Francisco.
Fresno.
San Jose.
• P
At San Francisco— Games. !
San Francisco 1*
Athletics }*
Oakland 1?
Stockton o
Sacramento *
Fresno •>
San Jose °
Santa Cruz _°
Total • ■• 66 i
At Sacramento— dames. .
Ran Francisco - 3
Athletics »
Oakland ♦
Stockton °
Fresno »
Ban Jose ;
Santa Cruz •••_^
Total 22
SATURDAYS IN SAN FRANCISCO.
San Francisco (Including election day).. — 10
Athletics (including election and Labor day).. 9
Oakland (including Labor day) 9
Stockton »
Sacramento ?
Fresno 5
San Jose J
Santa Cruz '
RAILROAD COMMISSION
POSTPONES ACTION
Contempt Proceedings Against Hunt
ington and Pillsbury to Be Heard
Next Month.
The State Board of Railroad Commis
sioners will take no action in the con
tempt proceedings against Collis P. Hunt
lngton and his attorney, E. S. Pillsbury,
until after the question of the board's
Jurisdiction and the right of a Superior
Court Judge to enjoin the commission
has been decided. At the meeting of the
commission held yesterday morning it
■was decided to postpone further action In
the matter until June 27, at which time
Attorney Pillsbury will have completed
his business In the East and will be able
to appear before the commission in the
contempt matter. In the meantime the
Commissioners will seek the counsel of
the Attorney-General concerning the
power of the Superior Court to interfere
with the acts of the board.
» m ■
Vote against the new charter
because it provides that amend
ments must be voted on at spe
cial elections. (Article 3, sec
tion 22, chapter I.) This
causes unnecessary expense
and deprives the masses of a
chance to vote. Experience
shows that only persons per
sonally interested vote at spe
cial elections.
ing a base. The Oaklands then declared
that the ball touched Held after leaving
the bat, and was, therefore, a 'dead ball,'
in -which case the base-runners would not
be permitted to advance a base. Umpire
Ferguson, however. ruled differently,
maintaining that it was a fair ball." Now,
if it was a fair ball and Held interfered
with it, he should have been called out
and both runners compelled to remain
where they were.
Not knowing how the play really oc
curred it is rather difficult to decide who
was in the wrong. Both sides, however,
admit that the ball touched Held, and
if such be the case Ferguson's ruling was
wrong.
Judging from the many complaints en
tered against .the umpiring received at
Fresno it would be well for President
Bert to look into the matter. The players
especially assort that it is terrible and
nothing will kill the sport Quicker than
a "home" or unfair umpire. In bun
day's game at San Jose the umpire, was
put out of the game. Some of his de
cisions were awful, so the players stato,
and it seems to be the same cry all
through the league. It is certainly very
evident that home umpiring is the craze,
and the sooner the league board takes a
hand in the matter the better Umpire*
should be changed about. Send the Frisco
one to Fresno and vice versa. In this
way umpires will be in strange cities and
Will have to be fair, or take a chance in
losing their lives. This idea of permit
ting an urepire to remain in one place
most of the time is a very bad one. He
can afford to see that his favorite club
gets a little the better of It, and it is a tri
ne difficult to beat the combined forcea or
"team and umpirs." Give us good um
piring and good baseball is bound to rol-
Pitcher Hughes is being touched up a
bit lately and it is no wonder. Here Han
lon has put the brunt of the work on his
shoulders, and I'll wager It is beginning
to tell on the boy. If they are not care
ful Mr. Hughes, in his anxiety to keep
up his great work, will Injure his arm,
and it does'nt take much overwork to ac
complish this feat. Young pitchers, crazy
to do well, are continually hurting them
selves beyond recovery. Hughes is just
at that stage where a little experience
would do him a world of good. But he
lacks this experience, and Hanlon would
not dare give him a rest, with Cincinnati
so far in the lead. Being young and am
bitious he, of course, would not think of
asking to be excused, and unless his arm
is very strong the time will come when a
rest will have to be given him. The simple
fact of his being touched up a bit Is Ol
very little consequence. Every good
pitcher in the league is batted out of the
box once in a while. That is baseball.
In Tuesday's game against Chicago
Hughes was batted out of the box. I
hear people say "Hughes has collapsed.
Not a bit of it. Clark Griffith, one of the
very best pitchers in the world, was also
batted out in the same game. It does not
follow that he has exploded, and the same
holds good for Hughes. Nobody can ever
convince me that he is not a great
pitcher. He will be hit hard occasionally,
like every other pitcher, and he will in
turn win' many games like the rest, but
he is being worked too hard for a young
ster, and there is a possibility of his be
ing unable to stand it
From all accounts. Chance, who recent
ly joined the Chieagos, is not doing as
well as was expected. There is a great
THE NEW BASEBALL SCHEDULE.
GAMES ON SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
At San Jose— Games.
San Francisco 5
Athletics • 6
Oakland *
Stockton 1
Sacramento 1
Fresno l
Santa Cruz *
Total •■•2 l
At Stockton— Games.
San Francisco ;
Athletics • «
Oakland *
Sacramento jj
Fresno 3
San Jose • J
Santa Cruz JL
Total : 2°
TOTAL GAMES TO BE PLATED.
San Francisco '■ *3
Athletics «
Oakland 43
Stockton 39
Sacramento 39
Fresno • 33
San Jose «
Santa Cruz «
X The Evening Post, the
regularly retained organ
of the Southern Pacific,
favors the new charter.
How does this happen if
the corporations oppose
its adoption? Do not be
deceived, taxpayers. Read
the articles on tax levy*
Board of Public Works
I and bonds and see how
you can be "cinched."
■ ♦ ■
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.
Wednesday. May ».
Stmr Progreso, Gilboy, Seattle.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CASPAR— Arrived May 25— Strnr Jewel, hce
May 24.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK-Arrlved May 25-Stmr Anchori*.
Glasgow.
Sailed May 25— Stmr Aurania. Liverpool;
Germanic. Liverpool; Southwark, Antwerp.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed May 25— Ptmr Kai
ser Wllhelm der Gr«sse, New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed May 25— Stmr Pavo
| nla, Boston; stmr Sejvla, New York.
Christopher A. Buck
ley has returned to his
first love— the Examiner—
and he and the boodler
are working; hand in
j!3!?^L.t?X til®, garter, _.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAT 26, 1898.
deal to learn behind the bat in the major i
league; in fact, it requires more head- j
work than muscle. Chance will undoubt- ,
edly be given an opportunity to learn, and |
next year will be looked upon as the
"great and only" Chance. It is rumored
Chat he only got in the league "per ;
chance," but this deep pun does not em- i
anate from "yours truly. " #
Mr. Russell has made good, and is now ,
considered one of the best pitchers in i
the league. He has the honor of partici
pating in one of the greatest games ever <
held in California, and it was his work
in the box that prevented the "crack
Fresno team from winning last Sunday s
game without a dispute. In fourteen in- ;
nings they connected with his shoots but
seven times, and such work is bordering
on the phenomenal. A great many people
think his pitching as good if not better
than Harney's. aim wnen they meet IE
ought to be a great battle.
Sykes had eighteen put-outs in faun
day's game, and is playing- the first bag !
to perfection. , !
The Santa Cruz team Is having the ;
hardest kind of luck. Sunday s defeat
at the hands of the Gilt Edges makes
four successive knockdowns, the last two
games beinjf lost by one run. Had they
played ball in Saturday's game at Kecre
ation Park, when on the bases, there is .
no doubt that they would have won
On two different occasions, with a man
on third base, did a runner steal second
without even an attempt to score by tne
one on third. It is very poor baseball
to permit a catcher to throw clear to
second base in the hope of catching *
runner, and the man on third not even
make an attempt to score. If the pla>
was to catch him, of course, it is always
proper to remain there, but when it is
apparent that the play is at second the
man at third-K he plays the game and ,
gets a start— should dash for the plate.
and he will make It nearly every time
It is not baseball to get on a base and
wait to be batted around. 'i he • j=aR e o_
Almonds" lost by one run, yet had the>
taken a chance when on- bases, wnlcn is
the only way to play, their chances of ,
winning out were excellent In endeav
oring to steal home from third on a throw |
to second players should bear in mind
that on account of the closeness of the ;
play the throw to second and return
must be perfect. The play being a roped
one, the chances are in favor of a poor
throw, and for such a reason it is al
ways best to take the chance. The same
holds good on a throw from the outfield.
If a runner is on there he should remem
ber that the chances of a poor throw
are always in his favor, especially from
the outfield, and should try more often
to score on fly hits to the outfield. L>on t
be afraid to move when on the bases.
Ginger up and be daring players; notn- ;
ing like it. , '. ,
The league made a grand move in a -
lowing the fair sex free admission to all
games played here and it is already ap
predated. " Coming right down to the
tlner points of baseball we cannot help
but admit that without the girls the
game would be a terrible frost \\ c
must have them present. They inspire
players like Pyne— who, from all accounts,
s full of fight and Manila ideas— and it
is only when the "dear little things are
conspicuous that some players put forth
their best efforts.
The seasons schedule has been adopted
by the league and is as follows:
At Fresno— Games.
San Francisco 4
AUUetlea 5
Oakland 5
Stockton 2
Sa-rampnto 1
Pan J"se 2
Santa Cruz 2
Total 21
At Santa Cruz— Games.
San Francisco t
Athletics 4
Oakland 5
Btocktoo 1
Sacramento 1
Fresno 1
San Jose 3
Total 18
Vote against the new charter
because there is no adequate
provision for the custody of
the moneys in the treasury.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'olock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o" clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock,
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until » o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THKY are closing out underwear, hosiery^
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow shams, table covers,
towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Ooods Store, 105 Fifth St.
BAD tenants ejected for |4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery at., room 6: tel. 5580.
MISS L. Dean, 917 Market, parlors 11 and 11,
Turkish baths and massage treatment.
ANNA RAY PALMER, genuine massage and
vapor baths. Room 1, 147 Powell st.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 29 Grant aye., room 5.
MISS WILLIAMS, 101% Grant aveTTcor. Geary"
room 15; vapor and cabinet baths.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15H Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
MME. .: ..N'.skn, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet bat>s. 116 Taylor st.
MRS STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120H Geary St., room 11.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of Tbe CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, $1. Hart-
mann Paint Co., 343 Third st. and 2808. 24th.
MISS VIOLA BUR WELL of New Orleans;
baths and massage. 1118 Market, st.. rm. 8.
MISS MAY'S geunlne electric treatment fop
rheumatism. 103 Grant aye., room t
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and . A ; , A ;•
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) -J^
EVENING. May- 28 at 7:30 o'clock. T&J\
Third degree. By order of the Master. I "^T "»
FRANKLIN 11. DAY. Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. I
M. — Called meeting THIS DA\J^
(THURSDAY). May 26. 1898. at I:ZO lLj\
o'clock p. m., at Masonic Temple, «>r'j^,
the funeral of our deceased brother, JOHN
CHRISTIAN BAUER. By order of the W.
M. L. SCHUMACHER.
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212. ■
F. and A. M.. meets THIS EVENING «*
at 7:30 o'clock for third depree. Master lt^\
Masons cordially Invited. s ßy order of '
the Master. , E. C. HARE. Secretary.
UNITY Lodge No. 61, Knights of
Pythias, 900 Market Ft., will confer )-,i> .
the Knight R»nk (long form) on one >*?
esquire on THURSDAY EVENING,
May 26. All Knights are cordially invited to
attend. G. M. HAUPT, C. C.
S. W. GATES, K. of R. and S.
THE San Francisco Scottish Thistle v fT Si,
Club meets THIS (THURSDAY) 3, fMs/a
EVENING. Fraternity Hall. 32 %T^
O'Fatrell st., at 8 o'clock. "Smok- *o£^»
er" follows. •
"W. A. DAWPON, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON, Recorder.
THIRTY-SECOND grand annual » X? >.
gathering and games of the Cal- 3ki &w2
edonian Club of San Francisco, T*!Xi*
SATURDAY, May 28, at Shell **=S^S
Mound Park. Berkeley. The best athletes on
the coast will compete In the different events,
for which valuable prizes will be awarded.
The Sacramento and Stockton Caledonian
clubs will be present In a body. Dancing- in
the pavilion and numerous other attractions.
JOHN REID, Chief.
JAMES H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend ~No 81 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oc«anic Steamship
Company wl.i be payable at the office of the
company. 827 Market «t., .on and after
Wednesday, June 1, ISSB. Transfer books
will close on Thursday, May 26, 1898. at 8
o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
REFINED American woman desires situation
In private family or ranch; good cook and
manager; best references. MISS CULJL.EN.
325 Sutter st.
NKAT young German girl desires Hituatlon at
housework or as second girl, $10 to $15; ref-
erences. miss cn.LEN. 325 Kutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cr ok and housework
girl desires situation; 3 years last place; city
or country. MISS (T1.1.K.V, 325 Sutter st.
svi-:r>Tsn houscffirl; strong and w1Uln»; fu
to $15. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter St.
COLORED woman; good cook and laundress;
_$15 to $20. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St.
SWEDISH girl: flr^t elan COO* and house-
worker; 5 years at Ust place: $20 to $25. MRS.
NuRTON. 323 Sutter St.; tel. Green Tl'l.
A NO. 1 second girl with 9 years' references,
also Swedish girl for cooking and housework,
desire situations. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
.Til Sutter st.
COOK and spcond girl. 3 years In last place
together, would like place together. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary; 'phone Grant 186.
NEAT mlddl^-agred woman wishes light house-
work where she will have a good home and
small wages; good plain cook; references fur-
nished. Bos ■»."..> Call office.
AX elderly lady wishes situation to assist In
llzht housework; more for home than wages.
:. Eddy st., room 25.
AMERICAN middle-aged woman wants to
work in American fnmlly; is a good plain
cook: no washing: object a good home; good
city references. 246 Xatoma st.
NORTH German nurse desires situation; fond
of children: assist with Upstairs work; plain
sewing; references; city or country; speaks
German correctly. Box 4682, "'all.
RELIABLE woman of superior qualification
and experience wishes position as house-
keeper in hotel or would take charge of a
rooming house. Call at 362 Grove, bet. 19 A 2.
FRENCH woman wants work by the day,
washing or housecleanins;. Please call or
address MMX. JACQUOT, 342 San Carlos
aye., bet. Twentieth and Twenty-first.
TOUNG Protestant woman wishes general
housework; is trustworthy and competent:
wages moderate; references. Address L. D.,
992 Noe st.. near Twenty-third.
WANTED— Situation as chambermaid, wait-
ress or housekeeper; good reference. Call or
address 9So'_. Mission st., room 5.
WOMAN with child 6 years wishes to do house-
work; good cook. 657 Harrison, middle flat.
RESPONSIBLE woman wishes position as
nurse for Invalid or baby; best city reference,
rail at 3*J Grove St., bet. 9 and 3 o'clock.
WOMAN wishes any kind of work by the (Jay;
good l.iundress; capable of housecleaning.
1413 Powell st.. Sisters' day home.
MIDDLF.-AGED woman wishes a situation as
housekeeper or to mind children. 454 Jessie.
GERMAN girl for upstairs or dining-room;
good reference. Apply 622^4 Green, in rear.
RELIABLE young woman would like a place
to do general housework in a small family;
city or country. Call or address 776 Steven-
son St., off Ninth.
WANTED— By reliable woman, work by the
day: any kind of housework; good laundress;
$1 a day and car fare. MRS. M., 1104 Mission.
RELIABLE elderly woman would assist in
light housework in a small family and make
herself useful. Box 4556, Call office.
POSITION wanted as nurse; references. Ad-
dress A. 0., care Smith's Cash Store. 25 Mar-
ket st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress or chambermaid
wishes work in hotel. 231 Tenth st.
RELIABLE woman would like sewing and
mending to do at home. Apply 203 Turk st.
RESPECTABLE and willing girl, nearly 12,
wishes good home; privilege of school. Ap-
ply 354 Third St., upstairs.
YOUNG colored girl wishes a position as
lady's maid or children's nurse; no objection
to traveling. 1024 Jackson St.
POSITION by nn educated woman, as nursery
governess; thoroughly experienced. H. H.,
box 10, Call office, Oakland.
FIRST i LASS dressmaker desires a few more
engagements; tailor suits a specialty; $1 60
per day: city or country. Address box 4560.
Call office.
LAUNDRESS wishes situation in hotel or
boarding house; references; first-class cook.
Call or address 927V4 Washington St.. M. S.
RUTLEDGE.
GERMAN Rlrl wishes situation for upstairs
work or chambermaid in country. 621 Capp.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class waitress
and parlor maid; first-class city references.
Box 4:7 V Call office.
DRESSMAKER wishes few more engagements
by the day; terms $150 day; ref. 505 Jones.
RELIABLE woman would like sewing to do
at home. MRS. EFFIE SIMON. 1907 Harri-
son et.
SITUATIONS W ANTED— MALES.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414V4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 428.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
TO Butchers— A young man seek? employment
In the country shop, slaughter house or
wagon. Address W. LINES, 653 Folsom St.,
near Third.
SITUATION as care-taker of gentleman's place
during summer or permanent. Box 70,
Healdsburg, Cal.
BOOKKEEPER seeks permaneqt situation or
would keep books for several tradesmen who
do not require constant man. Box 4653, Call.
SITUATION wanted by young man as engi-
neer or fireman; city or country; first-class
references. Address box 4537, Call Office.
OLD soldier wishes employment as Janitor or
watchman ; has best of recommendations. Ad-
dress Janitor, box 4517. Call Office.
NURSE; Al surgical, with hospital references;
glyes massage; would travel. Address box
4516, Call Office.
AI boy wants position on delivery wagon; best
of city reference. Address A. A., box 4533.
Call Office. ' ■•;
POSITION wanted by an engineer of 14 years'
experience with Corliss and automatic en-
gines; have a set of tools: can furnish the
beet of reference. Address P. ANDERSON.
Watsonville, Cal.
AMERICAN (60) wants work; ttrong and able;
used to horses, driving light wagon, etc.;
generally useful; sober, reliable, etc.; imall
compensation. Address S. H., Tl5 Minna st.
BARTENDER, steady and reliable, married,
age 27, would like place tending bar; refer-
ences. Address 1003 Clay St., Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED married man wants position
as porter or janitor by tha day, week or
month. Box 4f>64, Call office.
ENGINEER and fireman wants situation:
first-class references. W. H. 8., box 4629,
Call Office.
BOOKKEEPER— Competent, first-class double
entry and correspondent, desires position of
trust: Al city references. Box 4568, Call.
STEADY young German wishes position on a
gentleman's place; good horseman; can milk;
good references; small wages. Box 4587, Call.
FIRST-CLASS all round butcher, highest ref-
erence as foreman able to run machinery
and take charge of cold storage plant. Ad-
dress box 4623, Call office.
JAPANESE housecleaner wants few more en-
gagements to work by the day or week.
BANTARO, 602 Leaveowoith eU
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
GERMAN or Scandinavian cook, summer re-
sort. $30; Ftrong woman for ranch, Santa
Clara Co.; waitress, $20: housework girl, Oak-
land. $20; and other places. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 638 Clay St.
PASTRY cook for resort, $30 to $35, see party
here this morning; German cook, resort. $30;
restaurant waitress for country, $2;V, wait-
ress. Hanford, $20; 2 waitresses, country ho-
tels, $20; restaurant waitresses for city. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
TWO waitresses for Yellowstone Park; see
party here 10 a. m. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
3 WAITRESSES for Santa Cruz for June 1.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MIDDLE-AGED German cook for summer re-
sort. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
50 GIRLS for general housework; city or coun-
try: $16, J2n and $2.V C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
A WAITRESS, Alameda, $20. MISS CULLEN,
825 Sutter ?t.
A LAUNDRESS, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
A GIRL, light housework, $15. MISS CULLEN,
32f. Sutter st.
A SECOND girl, $20, and care of 1 grown child.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A MAI I). )S0 per month. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
A NURSE, country. $20; nurse, city. $25; 8
young girls, city and country. $20 and *26; 10
young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
AN Irish Catholic cook. Institution, $25. MISS
CUIJLEN, 326 Butter St.
A REFINED German or French nursery gov-
erness, $25 to $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter
etreet.
2 WAITRESSES, $15 a.nd $20. MISS CULLBN.
325 Sutter St.
COOK, $30; second girl, $15; nuroegirl, $20
MRS. NORTON, 323 Butter St.
WAITRESS, $20; boarding house cook, $25;
hcuseglrl, San Rafael, $25; Berkeley, $26; Oak-
land $20; ranch cook, $20; middle-aged woman,
country, $15, see lady here; 3 cooks wanted
for the city, $25 each; 10 housegirls at $20
each; a number of young girls to assist, $10
to $15; colored woman, housework. $15. MRS.
NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
COOK, small restaurant. $6 week; 3 waitresses,
hotels, etc., $20 and $25; Scandinavian or Ger-
man waitress. $20: Protestant cook, plain
wash. $2.': working housekeeper, $15: nurse,
$20; 3 German or Scandinavian second girls.
$20. and girls for cooking and housework. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
I- AW" office stenographer; neat. Industrious,
competent; permanent position; compensation
good. 313 Bush st.
TOI'XG lady for abstract work; private corre-
spondent; 2 ladies to manage Sacramento
Ladies' Exchange; permanent; good salary;
short hours. 313 Bush St., to-day.
NATIVE French lady for nursery governess:
no English; photograph gallery clerk. 1023
Market st.
GOOD German or Swedish girl for general
housework: 5 cooks. 1023 Market st.
GOOD milliner; also nurseglrl; 3 glove sales-
ladles; confectionery clerk. 1023 Market st.
3 COOKS. $26; seamstress. 125; 3 nurseglrls, $15;
8 girls for housework. 631 Larkin St.
WANTED— Saleslady; address with reference
and state experience. Box 4546, Call.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; Prot-
estant. Call at 1710 Santa Clara aye., Alame-
da. Friday, between 9 and 1 o'clock.
TOUNG girl for general housework; German
preferred: family two; no washing, no win-
dows; $15. 1909 Vallejo st.
100 EXPERIENCED operators
NEWBATER BROS., 18 First St.
GERMAN girl for housework and cooking,
family of four, $25. 2R Columbia square, near
Sixth" and Harrison sts.
WANTED -German girl, general housework.
plain cooking, 120. BU galght st.
WANTED First-class finisher, good wages,
on custom coats. 62t" Minna st.
WANTED— GirI In Mill Valley to tend" chil-
dren. Apply 956 Mission st.
WANTEI*- -Apprentice for dressmaking. 1325
Market St
WANTED Experienced apprentice (girl) on
coats, l l^ Polk pt.. Junction Fell and Market.
GOOD tailoreaa wanted at 23 Stevenson st. ;
call early.
WAXTED — Finisher on coats: must make
buttonholes. 314*$ Golden Gate are.
GIRL for general housework: small family;
wattes $15; references. 1456 Fulton st.
TOUNG girl. 12 to 14, to assist with housework
In exchange for good home. SI4A Filbert st.
YOUNG Sirl about 12 to 14 to assist with
housework tn exchange for good home. 127;
Broadway, bft. 9 and VL
YOUNG girl for light housework; wages, $3.
Apply 1198 Treat aye. ; store.
GOOD girl wanted for general housework at 731
Green St., near Mason.
LEARN dressma. ng and millinery; positions
free: patterns 25c Up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
YOUNG lady bookkeeper: state experience and
salary expected. Address W. F.. box 05. Call.
DR. WISJB. the ladies' specialist. 1118 Market)
St.; monthly troubles, etc., cured at once.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School, 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
MONTGOMERY, MR. cor. Clay-Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
96 WOODCIIorPERS $1 50. $1 25. SI and 70c a
cord: 3i> tiemakers. Be, 9c, I<V- and lie each:
36 laborers for mines, $2 50 and $2 10 a day;
25 miner?. $2 50 a day. gravel mine. MUR-
RAY Ai READY, NH and 636 Clay st.
A— ENGINEER for a mine •
cabinet maker, machine blacksmith
wood turner: carpenter, $1 75 a day. MUR-
RAY * READY, 634 and 6M Clay st.
A— BOILER makers. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 6H Clay st.
A BAKER, country lob. $46 and found; second
baker. $0 a week and found, city Job; porter,
city job. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
A— TO-DAY -;-
MURRAY & READY wants 8 milkers. $30
and $25 ■ — —
4 butter makers, $3f>; 4 stablemen. $26. $25. $2n
and $15; 4 choreboys for ranches. $10 and $12;
5 laborers for a city manufacturing company:
I orchard hands. $20 and $15; 6 choremen for
city and country Jobs; choreman for cheese
factory. $20; 20 laborers, city Jobs, $1 60 and
$1 75 a day. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
A— Starcher and lroner, $1 50 a day. country
job. MURRAY & READY. BM and 636 Clay.
A— l 2 cooks for different places; 5 waiters for
different places. MURRAY & READY. 634
and 636 Clay st.
A— BUTCHER, country shop, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 63* Clay st.
WANTED— Cook for restaurant. $10 to $12 a
week: cook, private family, $50; cook, $30;
waiter, $6 a week; waiter. $25; boy for store,
$10 and found; dishwasher, $20; man to wash
dishes, small place. $10; porter tor lodging
house, $6 a week; porter for barber shop.
ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
WANTED— S good men to work In gravel
mines, $2 50 a ciay. first-class mine: 2 quartz
miners. $2 a day and board, for first-class
mine; butter maker, run separator, $30;
stableman, $20; 10 men for laboring work,
$1 75 a day. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED- 2 bread and cake bakers, city and
country, $30 and 545: waiter, $6 a week and
$40 per month; cook and wife, small restaur-
ant, $55; second cook, chop house, $23. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Butter-maker, $30; 2 farmers .near
city, good long Job, $25; 4 farmers for hay-
fleld, near city, $20; milker, near city, good
steady job, $25; chorcman for ranch. $15. near
city; waiter for country hotel, fare advanced,
$25; strong hoy for store in city. $3 a week to
start' cooks, dishwashers and others. W. D.
EWER & CO., 626 Clay St.
GROCERY clerk. $25 to $30; cabinet maker:
well driller; farmhands. $25; 2 boarding-house
waiters, $20 and $25; wonrtehopper on shares:
coal miners. R. T. WARD & CO., 608 and
610 Clay st.
COACHMAN (married); wife as housekeeper,
country place; some experience gardening.
313 Bush st.
ELEVATOR man; office building: experienced;
mus: have good references; to-day. 313 Bush.
2 ENTERPRISING, active young business men
to manage Sacramento branch cash house.
313 Bush st.
MAN for ranch who understands raising poul-
try by Incubator; also butter. 313 Bush Bt.
RARE opportunity for a man ■with small capi-
tal; control of business. 313 Bush st.
A-UCTIONEER'S clerk and buyer; furniture,
etr. ; desirable acquaintance necessary, with
references. 313 Bush St.
BOOKKEEPER to-day, manufacturing busi-
ness; laundry marker at once. 1023 Market.
BAKER and pastry cook, country. $60: waiter,
country, $35; laundryman, $25. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 420 Kearny sC
BARBER— Situation Saturday and Sunday;
steady. Address A. S., Call Branch Office,
2f>26 Mission st.
BARBERS— Fine case, 3 chairs and 2 new re-
volving chairs for sale cheap. 965 Market et.
WANTED— RetaiI salesman experienced In
grocery or crockery line; give reference and
•wages expected. Box 4545, Call oiace.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
'. — FREE FARE — ■
50 Scandinavian railroad teamsters, laborers
and tunnelmen. . $1 75 to $2 50 a day and free
fare, ship to-day ■ : ~
10 tunnelmen, muckers, hammersmen ana
headers, free fare, ship to-day, regular wages;
teamsters, coast road, $1 75. free fare
v 14 teamsters, $20 and board, and 10 scraper-
loaders, $1 75, for another railroad Job, to go
day. free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. __
FOR the woods to-day -■ i
Engineer, sawmill, $35 and board; screw turn-
er 335 to $40 and board, boss here; 7 more
barkers and buckers, $35 and board, all sea-
son's Job; 11 more laborers, $1 a day and
board, no experience needed; 2 tall edgermen.
$26 and board/and — —
"12 gravel miners, men used to this work.
$2 50 a day. board $4 a week, and -
25 more woodchoppens, $1 60 a cord, good
timber, and remember It only costs 50c -to go
and see the job and come back If you don t
like it; 3 farmers, same ranch, "foe a day;
fruit farmer. $20; cabinet maker. C. R- HAN-
BEN & CO.'S Employment Agency, 104 Geary
st. ; tel. Grant 185. _^
NIGHT cook. $60; night '-,„,!{. $14 a week; 2
second cooks, $60 and $65; * broilers, $50, $.»
and $60; cook and wife, e&tfntrr. J9O; chef,
water resort, $70. see party here; baker and
pastry cook, summer resort, see party here.
$40; second cook who can bake, $40, see party
here- bread and cake baker, country shop,
$40 and found; short-order cook, ferry boat,
$35; waiter for a mine, $25: waiter, helps
hall, summer resort. $25: I dishwashers and
kitchen hands, $20 to $25. C. R. HANSEN
A CO., 104 Geary st. ; - &- •
FIRST-CLASS barber for a first-class summer
report. For particulars call on C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st. -
BARBER for a country hotel, $30 and found
the year round. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
SALESMAN, experienced with draperies, cur-
tains, etc. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
KXPFRiENCBD bookkeeper wttli lefarenoea,
$50. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Qeary St.
EXPERIENCED nurse, $30 and found. C.R.
HANSEN * CO.. 104 Geary st.
GEORGE PFOXDER, the baker, wanted. C
R, HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A— WANTED— 2SO ex-soldlers under 45 to volun-
teer for present call. Send name, address and
former service to H. M. OWENS room 596,
Parrott building. __^_
BOY to carry morning papers, age 13 to 18.
that goes to school. Apply at 409 Franklin
st.. bet. 6 and S p. m. _
BOYS wanted. New York Tailoring Company,
115 Kearny st., 9 to 12.
\V\Vn;i> Boy; must know how to milk cows;
$10 a. month; in Alamcda. Apply 626 Sacra-
ment" st.
WAXTKD — California Rangers recruits for
mounted service at once. 74H Market st.
2 STEAM fitters, heavy work, tearing out. 178
Third st.
BARBER wanted at once. Call 309 Fourth aye.,
corner Clement st., Richmond.
WANTED Second cook. $1 ppr day anrl room.
1224 Point Lobos avenue. ; take Geary st. cars.
SHOEMAKER wantPd cm new work or repairs.
22 Second st.
GOOD coat maker at once at 189 Jessie «t.
U. S. Tailor Shop.
WANTED -300 operators on electric power ma-
chines: also finishers; men's clothine;: factory
work: good pay. Apply at once HOFFMAN.
ROTHCHILD & CO.. Bush ami Battery sts.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men. between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of tha
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such: must
be of good character and habits and able to
Bpeak read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches anc* 6 feet In height- For
further Information apply at the recruiting
office 20 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.
on shirts.
EXPERIENCED pitch vein coal miners at
Tesla, Alameda ■Cnunty. 4." miles from San
Francisco; steady work: gou<l wages: only
good miners need apply. Address TESLA
COAL CO., room 515. 328 Montgomery. S. F.
WANTED— FIrst-Clan salesman in the glove
department, men's furnishini goods store:
iniiHt thoroughly understand the business.
Address box 4545, this office.
MAX to take orders for printing. Apply P.
BOTJLIN, 619 Filbert st.
CRACKER baker; first-class, practical man
for a bakery outside San Francisco. Apply,
stating wages, box 4~71, Call office.
CONFECTIONER; thoroughly practical: well
up In jelly beans and all va.rieties of pan
goods: state wages expected. Box 4»69. Call.
WANTED — First-class baaters on custom coats;
steady work. lCfi Battery st.
WANTED— Mas to drive laundry wagon: must
give $125 security: salary $10 week, with room
and board. Box 4562. Call office.
CLEUK in grocery and bar: age 18 to 22. Ad-
dress box 4567, Call office.
SOLICITOR for dyeing and cleaning, to drive
a wagon. EMPORIUM CLOTHING RENO-
VATORY, 109 Eddy st.
WANTED — 5" men for Alaska mines: wages
$10 per day; leave June 5. Box 4606, Call office.
BARBERS' Progressive T'nir.n; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. South. 625.
ROSEDALE HOUSE. 321 Ellis— loo furnished
rooms; 25c night: $1 week; reading rocm.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 largs
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Ass n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS. S»c, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
WANTED— Seamen and ordinary seamen for
Alaska. Puget Sound. Mexico, etc. : apply
Mariners' Home. W. W. LANE. 504 Davis st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c a night: reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— At Montana House, 784H Mission;
men *.o take rooms; 10c. 15c .»nd 26c Der
night: 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
SINGLE rooms. 10c nnd 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Butter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
500 PAIR of men's new and second-hand shoes
half price; half-soling, 35c. 959 Howard St.
MKN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College, 138H Eighth st.
CHEAPEST and best In America -The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
paid.
AGEXTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted for "Our Naval War With
Spain"; splendidly illustrated; only au-
thentic book to be published: free outfit now
ready; act quick. National Publishing Com-
pany. Lakeside building. Chicago.
AGENTS wanted— Murat Halstead's great war
book. "Our Country In War": all about
armies, navies, coast defenses, Maine disas-
ter, Cuba, war with Spain and relations with
foreign nations; nearly 600 pages; all written
since Maine disaster; magnificent colored il-
lustrations: agents making Jio to $39 per day;
no experience necessary: liberal terms; 2<j
clrvs' credit; price low; freight paid: outfit
free; send 9 2-e stamps to pay postage. Edu-
cntional Union. 324 Dearborn st.. Chicago.
BOX of war & Maine souvenirs, flag pins, etc.,
new, mailed, "c. 111. catalogue free: big money.
C r PHMAX. Mfr.. 34 Oliver St.. Boston. Mass.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted, tea and coffee business;
good thing for right man; small capital. Box
4516, Call office.
WANTED— Partner with $300 In "centrally lc-
cated restaurant. Bos 4565. Call Office.
HOUSES WANTED.
12 to 18 room house: wanted to purchase; cash
at once. 1023 Market st.
W ANTE D— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED — A lightweight dumping-cart; cheap.
Address box 4538. Call.
CASH paid for old R-old and silver: any quan-
tity. ROBERT BENJAMIN, 111 Ellis st.
PAWNBROKER- Old gold, silver. cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN, 41 Third.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
ATRB6' Business College, 723 Market st. ;
individual Instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
UNIVERSITY Coach— Newel Perry. Ph. 8.. Fel-
low In Mathematics. U. C, 240T S. Atherton,
nr. Charming way, Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.; day St eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572. 855 Market st.
UNIQUE evening's entertainment for societies.
C. C. FONT AN A. 24 Sixth; parlors 8 and 6.
BHORTHAND; to write 100 words a minute;
taught in one month; terms $]&. 713 Vma Ness.
PRRSONALS.
WORKING' housekeeper, perfect dressmaker,
wishes situation in country; wages $25. Call
or address A. 8., Rondell place, - near Six-
teenth and Valencia sts.
PIANIST wants night work: good dance muslo
furnished. Address box 4542. Call office.
MATRIMONY. __ __^
THE Pacific, 406 Geary— Only legitimate matri-
monial assn. west of Chicago; details free.
ALL seeking marriage send 12c for May "Wed-
ding Bell." 18 pgs.; 676 gents; 423 ladies;. no $5
fee. EDITOR, 11l Ellis St.. San Francisco. Lai.
IUSINKSS 1 EKSOAALS^ .^^,
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
FOR SALE— select hairdressing and mani-
cure parlors must be sold; owner leaving
town; doing a remarkable business. Apply
MRS. TOBINS. 212 Post st.
COSTLESS clothe* Clothes made to order;
clothes that fit: clothes that Jar the high
priced tailors In quality of goods and mini-
mum of price; for instance, on a $20 suit,
$5 down and $1 per week. Agenev BOSTON
WOOLEN MILLS. 920 Broadway. Oakland.
NO extra charge for dressing your hair in the
very latest style; price 2. r .c only: good
■witches, $1; best, flnest quality, $3 50; extra
heavy long. $5. Open Sundays from 9 to \i.
i; I.knERKR, 111 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third St.. nr. Market; 800 rooms,
26c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from rue ferry.
TO-HE— Price reduced: small cans, 60c; large
cans, $1 60. 1846 Howard st.
DRESSMAKING— LadIes' and children's suit*
made at reduced rates. H Nlntn^st.
MRS. DR. JOHNSTON, masseuse, eleetrieii
trained nurse. Office heated. 579 Geary st.
QUINONIA Is the most perfect hair tonla
made: try It. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton «t.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FI'NKB, 1«6 Sth St.. Alameda.
CX.OAKB and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy installment*. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market »t.. bet. 7th and Bth.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
fref.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME- GOLDSTEIN Elegant, stylish drewa,
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St.. rra. tt.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies 1 French Tallorln«
College. 916 Market st
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium: while entranced eha
will reveal every hioMpn mystery in life: sha
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affpe-
tions: unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or burie property; locates treasure,
minerals; tells your entire life rast, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. : perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail, "end stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. PR. F. CLARK, rooms
15 and 26, 1206 Market st., opposite Sixth.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future: 2~>c. 14S Sixth st., room 10.
MMX. MOHXtAV, best medium and card-
reader: Xc up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: buslnea*
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MIPS EDNA V. GRANT, card-reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny St., room I.
MME SYBILLE, cradle U. grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladle*. 914 OFarrell St.
MRP. PR. ANNA THOMAS— First in her pro-
fession; never falls: advice: help. 929 Post st.
mUTVAIISM.
OAK. linfr— Circle to-day, : o'clock. C. MAYO-
STEERS; readings $1.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing se-
ance Thursday evening-. "22 O'Farrell St.; 50c.
MOTHER SADIE materializing seance to-mor-
ront, 1-' o'clock. ."Cc. 4>jf" Leavenworth st.
JOHN SLATER, test seance to-night at 8;
hall. 11l Larkin st.; admission. 10c.
MRS BUTLER, reliable clairvoyant ; card
reader: Hindoo control; hours 10-5. 570 Geary.
MRS SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and. A
spiritua l sittings. 120 McAllister; tel. Jessie, 9sB.
MBS ELMS, medium, 2"3 Valencia St.: read-
ings $1: cir. Tups.. Fri.. *p. m. ; Sat., 8; 25c
MRS J. J. whit:. •■:>". trance, test and bu»i-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st. ■
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 133% Sixth st.. room 2.
M P"RANCEB. Independent slate-writing me-
dlum. 118 Haight st.
PALMISTKY.
CHARACTER described. Bend 25c stamps)
and date of birth to Astro,' box 4"99, Call.
MRS. CHANDLER; readings Tues.. Thurs.,
j Sat. at hall. 306 Lurk in st. ; Mon.. Wed., Frl.
• r*»sldpnr<\ 353 Geary st. •
MKDICAL.
I ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davlea,
: true friends of all invalids, men and women;
J 50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
| avoided; kind sympathy an.l aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted: travelers treated; no
delay: self-cure sent; call or write; fre*; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 59 McAiliater
Bt. ; pills, $1; very strong, $2; eure^ss.
ALL of Dr. Foulefs capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 rer box. sent free by
mail on receipt of price: consultation on all
Fpeclal diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
DRS. GOODWIN makes a specialty of diseases
of women; irregularities from any cause re-
stored in one day, or no charge: restore*
strength and vigor of organ unexcelled; ma-
ternity home: best medical attendance; low
fees: cure. $5: pills, $1: when others fall,
see free of charge. 401 Van Xess aye., near
McAllister st.
NEW process: a great progress in medical
-rience for female trouble; no matter from
what cause; no medicine or instruments
used: restores In one day without fail: every
woman her own physician, away, disgrace:
consultation free: can be sent ano used at
home: by the well known DR. POPPER, 318
Kearny st. ; pills and capsules. $1.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases ot
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed: no Instruments used;
home In confinement; pills and capsules, $jl; ;
every case guaranteed; consultation free and
confidential: hours 10 to B and 7 to 8. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 208 Turk St., near Jones.
AT'IKS. Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pilla
(Diamond Brand), best: safe, reliable; take,
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars,
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phila.
A PI'RE. safe and speedy cure for all female,
diseases; a home In confinement, with best
possible care: with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER, 226 Turk St., nr. Leavenworth.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities, from what-
ever cause: no instruments used: guaranteed
cure at office. $5: travelers helped instantly;
home in confinement; consult free: hours 10 to
5, 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL. 1122 Market.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gatft.
aye., private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
DR. WISE'S private san-itarium, 307 Jones St..
formerly o? 800 Kearny and late of Belvlew
Hospital, N. T. ; diseases of women; advlca
free; experienced lady attendant.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price)
$1 60; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay st. ; sen*
2c ptamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. 531 X st.. Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; 12 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
NORTH Beach Sanitarium. 1412 Mason st. : pri-
vate home in confinement; competent physi-
cians and nurses; trms. reas. Powell-st. cars.
ELECTRICAL treatments: cures all monthly
irregularities; no medicine: no pain; lady at-
tendant; hours 9-4, 7-8. 2208^ Mission st.
DRS. DONOVAN, 1306 Folsom St.. takes ladies
at her home in their confinement: terms mod-
derate and everything strictly confidential.
DR. HALL, 9 McAllister st.; diseases ot
women and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 254^ Fourth st
ATTORNEYS AT L....W.
ADVICE free on all legal matters. T. F.
STACK. 14 McAllister St., room 64.
LAW of divorce: conscientious attorneys; $45
only; prompt; private. Room 41. 330 Pine st.
ADVJCE free; no charge unless successful.
w. w. Davidson. 927 Market st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to » Mont-
gomery St.; highest price paid, Tel. Davis 7VBUSINESS CHANCES.
STATIONERY, notion and candy~^tore;
In best part of city; fine living rooms, includ-
ing furniture; paying business; best offer ever
made In this line; don't miss it. M. LESS.
T6j Market st.
f 250— CIGAR store on Market St., In the heart
of city. M. LESS. 786 Market st.
$300— CORNER saloon, on Montgomery ft,; bil-
liard table Included; living rooms; selling on
account of death in family. M. LESS. 7C5
Market st.
S T AURA NT; few doors north of Mar-
X " 1 st.; • •'• established; receipts $25 to $30 per
day; a money-making place. M. LESS. 705
Market St.
A— S2SO— SALOON close to water front- low
o tMlt rooms; doing a good paying business.
See \\ ILKE, 781 Market st.
$550— PARTNER wanted In good paying liquor
store; large stock; very best location; owner
*:"!■ u * a " honest « Industrious man. See
\\ ILK i.. 753 Market st. v
$350— SALOON ; established many years and do-
ing a dally business of $12; l block from Hi-
bernia Bank; a rare opening. See WILKi'
753 Market st.
$2000— CORNER grocery and bar; choicest loca-
tion In Western Addition; large stock: 5 bar-
rels whisky on hand; a first-class paying busi-
ness. Particulars WILKE. 753 Market st.
A— sl7"*: BEST-PAYING restaurant In city; ea-
ta Wished years; kept by owner the last 5
years; private rooms; the very best business
location: average daily receipts above $40. In-
quire Wll.K!:, 783 Market t-t
$2500-OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon in choicest
down-town location, with building; long
lease; doing a first-class paying business;
other engagements compel owner to sacrifice.
WILKE. 7SJ Market st.
$400 — SALOON; first-class business; close to
Phelan building; a bargain. See WILKE.
7 v . Market st.
A-KUEDO & CO.. Up-to-date Brokers. 22%
Geary st. Miscellaneous business chances.
$3000— Road house; daily receipts $ito.
$1300— Saloon; fine corner; well stocked.
$ 750 — Corner grocery and bar; i furnished
rooms.
$ 175 — Grocery and bar; give-away.
Sl6CO— Plumbing and gasntting; $150 monthly.
$ SCO— Delicacy; fine corner; with living rms.
$ 600— Restaurant and furnished flat; $20 daily.
$ 125 Dressmaking; store and furnished rms.
i 450— Best shooting gallery: «clgar stand.
For particulars call on KREDO & CO.
A— S2OOO— WOOD, coal, hay, grain and livery
stable: clears $200; full value in stock. KRE-
DO .v CO.
A— s4s0 — CIGAR stand; receipts $15 dally; also
$375; cigar stand. Oakland. KKEDO & CO..
L'2'b Geary st.
$3300— AN old established business clearing $200
to |300 a month; everything in first-class or-
der; fullest investigation given. McLAUQH-
LIN & CO., 23 Kearny st. ■
EASTERN city property for exchange for busi-
ness. Mclaughlin _ CO., 23 Kearny st.
$2500— SALOON, country mining town; 2 stores.
t cottages. 7 lots; half price; owner compelled
to go East. MCLAUGHLIN, 23 Keary at.
A— SSOO— CORNER grocery and bar; without
doubt one of the best business corners.
$200 — Partner wanted; commission business.
$300— Saloon; old-established; good corner,
and other bargains In saloons, bakeries and
restaurants. ANDERSON & CO., 777 Market.
ELEGANT grocery and bar for sale; fine
chance; large stock of choice groceries and
liquors: horse, wagon and outside trade: do- i
ing good business; good reasons for selllngj :
none but parties meaning business need ap-
ply; very cheap; Investigate. Box 4543, Call.
sALE— Saloon with piano and 4 rooms;
..K-hou?e over saloon with 17 rooms: run-
• and pas In every room; no reason-
I if sold before the first of
all.
ROCERY, bar, stationery, notions; four
.-: rent $15; fully f6OQ worth in sight;
owner there six years; must be sold at once;
no agents; save commission. Address box
46fi\ Call ..nice.
BTABLISHED grocery and liquor store;
r:.r-r m city. Inquire Grocers' Union,
214 I :.
CORN! - I "location; on account of
!ow price. Albany Brewery.
ale; doing a
I tiurtiiie.es; investigate. 243 Fourth st.
$175 — FRUIT Btore for sale, with horse and
wagon, inquire 1128 Harrison ?i.
lehed groceries and bars;
price $2500 and $1250. Apply Call office.
WANTED Partner with $250; guaranteed
X . box 10. Call, Oakianl.
$250 — F< >R sale at a great bargain on account of
sickness, a photograph building, including
n«-u • .. In a prosperous
country towu; . n. Further par-
: Iress L,. K. BOSTWICK, Sacra-
ment'). Cat.
A RARE bargain— The original Grotto corner
C! Seventh ai.d Market sts. In the Odd F-l-
bulldtng for sale on account of dis-
I among partners; no reasonable off-: r
i.
WANTED— Partner with $200 capital for newly
Invented machine; very useful thing. Apply
J. JOHNSON, 7U Minna st., from 10 a, m.
p. m.
PARTNER wanted; suited to plain, steady
rr.nn satisfied with $15 to $25 a week; trial
given; short hours: duties light. 31 Third St.,
ru.'m 3, from to to U a. m.
$- HOME (King and delicatessen business
with an established tr.ido; well located: low
rent; living rooms and every convenience; to
:< this place offers a small fortune.
Box 4."7>;, Call office..
| IXTURES of market, including refrig-
erator; trade of ii.bout $600 given away, ac-
count Of dei'arture. 1022 San Pablo aye., Oak-
land.
GOOD paying restaurant for sale; located In
the best manufacturing part or the city. In-
.: Model Lodging House, 737 Mission st.
MUST be sold at once; a chance not to be
1; a fine grocery; good location; 496 Va-
lencia, cor. Sixteenth; less than invoice price.
$300 WILL purchase the Nickel Saloon, stock,
fittingß, fixtures, pianoforte. 130 Seventh St.,
near new Postoffice site.
YE middle-aged man of business expe-
• with some capital and his services,
w^hes to go In some legitimate established
business. Addreaa box 4617, Call office.
FOR SALE— Stock and fixtures branch bakery,
confectionery, notions and newspaper asency;
3 living rooms; rent $7; price $125. J. P.
JOHNSTON & CO., -72 Broadway, ' nkland.
SALOON In manufacturing district; good
chance for right party; cheap rent; must be
cold; good reason for selling. Apply to DON-
NELLY & BRANNAK, corner Seventh and
Mission ets.
RESTAURANT: bargain; receipts $40 to $50 per
day; rent $22 VI; must sell; disagreement of
partners; a chance of a lifetime. 807 Second.
■ IN and lunchhoaae wants partner with
business; no agents; call and
see. ■- Mission at., near carhouse.
FINE milk business. Including 2 routes In Ala-
meda; cheap. Box 96, Call Office. Oakland.
FOR SALE -Flrst-cUuM drug store; good loca-
tion; easy terms. Box 4551. Call office.
CORNER saloon for sale at a bargain; good
etock of liquors, cigars. 243 Fourth st,
$I.S— CORNER gro-ery and bar; 3 living room*.
NE. cor. Fifth and Clara sts.
FOR SALE — Home bakery, notions, tamales;
good trade; cheap rent. 1913 Howard st.
FOR sale— Saloon; sickness cause of selling.
P25V6 Sansome Ft., near Postofflce.
FIRST-CLASS delicacy store for sale cheap.
MRS. DAVIS, 1505 Huchanan St.
GOOD paying country barber shop; cheap for
cash. Inquire Call_Offlce.
BAIIBFR-SHOP for sale cheap on account of
sickness; must be sold. Address 444 Chestnut.
PARTNER wanted; good paying restaurant.
Apply 621 Montgomery at.
FOR PALE— Two-chair barber shop; price $50.
122 Golden Gate aye.
W! I L paying cigar store for sale; good rea-
sons for "selling. Inquire at 42S Montgomery
st. ; no agents.
FOR~Bale— Two chair barber shop cheap. Ap-
ply i m st.
■ 11 stoop, central location, clearing over
J2O a week, for sale; present owner going to
Honolulu. Particulars box 4501. Call office.
/-ROPEHY and bar cheap on account of other
|,uslrUsMJ_eHtabllshed corner. Box 4557. Call.
I^SO— FOH sale, a grocery and bar. For parti-
culars call at Washington Brewery.
T>i.-«TAIJItANT for sale; best location In Oak-
land; owner has other business. K. D.. bos 4,
(■all, Oakland. \ '
FOR SALE— route at San Jose; for par-
ticulars apply at Call business office or to E.
F. PIERCE, San Jose.
KITMMER resort and beer garden to sell or
rent MRS. BOEKELMAKN, Lorin, CM.
rOFFEE and tea routes supplied from QEO.
W. CASIVELI- & CO.'S. AIT, Sacramento St.
ALASKA enterprises.^
FORPawfon, Alaska Venture Co. Steamship
* Prof Morse, Bails for St. Michaels June 10.
oonn'ectlr.K with the speediest steamer on the
Yukon the F. M. Smith: unexcelled facilities
for handling freight and passengers ; before
making contracts call at general office. 630
Market at. ' '
TYPEWRITERS.
ITt tvoewrit' rs Mid and rented; few partly
used for Bale cheap; send for samples and
,"rU-es ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
TOST irood order, J25: send for sample work.
faCOTT & BAKNAN, 333 Montgomery at. > |
LODGING » JUSES FOR SALE.
A— KREDO & CO., up to date Brokers, 22tf
Geary' st.
255 rooms; clears $400 monthly 55000
00 rooms; Market; b<-st In city 2600
;: f i rooms; Ko.-irny; elegant offices 20.>0
22 rooms; Powell; transient; fine 16»W
21 rooms; corner Market; clears $100 SOO
15 rooms; clears $40 monthly 275
12 rooms; Powell; elegant 506
6-room Hat; Kills St.; free rent 230
Uuudreds "f others at your own price.
Central corner: clears $1^0;
exchange for house and lot. KRKDO & CO.
SPECIAL BARGAIN LIST
15 rooms; n-nt $7.".: doctor pays rent $600
IS rooms; elegant P l^ l ' l -'; investigate 60i)
19 rooms; central; a money-maker E 0
20 rooms; rent £4,"; pood furniture 800
21 rooms; rent $25; see it 4')*)
21 rooms; n-nt $46; must sell 350
32 rooms; this is a bargain 900
tJ7 rooms; rent $125; a pick-up 1600
WINSTON _■ CO., 646 Market st.
F<>K H.'lH* The w->ll nnl favorably known St.
(Jf.Tge lodginK house of IDO rooms, centrally
located In Sacramento city and convenient to
the railroad shops. For particulars apply to
GEORGE W. LORENZ, People's Savings
Hank, Baoramento.
A $1200; 4" ROOM bouse, clearing about $125
per month; rent low; 2 blocks north of Mar-
ket Bt. WILKB, TS3 Market st.
1350 U-ROOM house on McAllister St.. full of
roomers; owner retiring. Apply Call office.
9-ROOM h.ni-i'. all full, fur sale cheap; solid
walnut EOS Mason St.
nitXITIRE FOR SALE.
WELL furnished house. 8 rooms, for eale;
bargain. Inquire 2"<"A McAllister at.
MISICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS «-* are selling good upright pianos for $6
j cash and J6 per month, we ask you to lnvestl-
i gate and approve this method. Prices are the
tame as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
I in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payrrents and some pood pianos for $S. $4 and
X ser month. SHERMAN, CLAY &. CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, iinkunil.
: .; TKI.Y the oldest and largest house
west of Chi'_pr> is KOHLER & f_ASE - 8.
20. 2S and fO O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
ami -" other musical Instruments of all
prades and pri<- - Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the mstomer.
CLARK, WISE & CO., cor. Grant aye. and
Geary St.. agents Conover, Kingsbury and
other pianos; opened May 1; new stock; i«pe-
cial prices; easy terms; inspection invited.
SECOND-HAND pianos nt all prices: termn
extremely accommodating. BENJ. CURTAZ
& BON, Ifl to 20 O'Farrell «t.. agents for the
Checkering "nd other pianos.
AFi ILIAN orpan with clavlutor and about 100
Df music for sale cheap; good condi-
tion. Inquire Z26A McAllister St. ,
A BTEINWAT piano for $100; a Chickerlng for
$S0; examine list of bargains this week. THE
F. W. SPENCER CO.. ?33 Market et.
BOHMER * CO., Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Bricks and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308, 310. 312 Post St.
NICE Emerson piano. $50; great snap. Room
12, Flood building.
A— s36; fine rosewood piano In perfect condi-
tion. \KI FolßO— i St.. corner Tentl^
BEST goods; lowest prices; easy payments;
OS to rent at MAUVAIS'. MS Market St.
. -. .<■ ■ - . 5." ■; agency famous
Halnes Bros. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st.
$8J ELEGANT walnut upright for Bale; $10
down. T5 a month. 221 Leavenwofth st.
GUFAT bargains; Decker, Schubert, Stelnway,
Xeuman, others. Hormir.^'s, 215 McAllister.
"AD" smallest; price lowest; uprights $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
NEW pianos rented, $3 p*r month. SCOTT-
CTRTAZ PIANO CO., SGO Hayes st.
A GOOD upr'.Kht, -cry cheap. 16 McAllister
et., next Hlber la Bank. SCmilTJ^
KNABE pianos: new bcolp; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. M OFarrell st^^
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and n;w. H.
MILLER, maker, repairer, 2 Litham place.
HORSES.
40 HORSF.S for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Hixth st., auction tales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wngons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Ynr'ls, ?? r ' Valeir-ia st. T. P NEWELL.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
THREE-QUARTER end sprir-.E. ball bearing
axle rubber tire, piano body buggy. Can be
seen at O'BRIEN & SONS', Golden Gate aye.
and Polk st.
6] ECIAL pale of harness and vehicles. L!e-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larktn. opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fire top and open
buggy: also 1 hack. 828 Harrison et.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
FOR SALE— A Jewell gas range with wat»r
back, in Al orJ.-r: also Domestic sewing
machine and fine oval chiffonier and writing
desk combined. Call at 62S Valencia St.;
omit Sunday.
AT private sal' — 1 walnut bedroom set 1 small
Cook stove, hall rack, carpets and linoleum.
Can be seen at 706 Hayes bet. 9 and 12 to-day
bicycle, $20
each. Call 7:30 p. m., £14 Jersey st.
AX ark anchored at Alameda boathouse. Chest-
nut st., Alameda, In good condition; will ac-
commodate eight persona; sealed tenders re-
ceived to May 30. Add. John Elder, Alameda.
A NO 1 fresh cow; rich milk; 24 quarts per
day; gentle. 1312 Folsom st.
1 DONKEY for snle; tame for children. Apply
Twenty-first and Douglass sts.
BAR outfits, store fixtures, scales, etc., second-
hand; selling at cost. 868 Folsom. nr. FUth.
FOR Sale — Empty packing cases. Apply M. A.
OUNBT & CO., 203 Kearny st.
$67 SO — PIANO, good condition; $5 down $3 per
mi-nth. 225 Sutter st.
MAGNIFICENT new upright piano; $10
\ down, %:> per month; guaranteed. 225 Sutter st.
j BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONA.N', 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.
SECOND-HAND hose for irrigation purposes;
pumps, gasoline engines, etc. H. S. WHITE,
614, 516, 515 Mission st.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2 bnwl barber washstands, cheap. lIUF-
BCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, elect!,
goods; new, 2d-hand. Smith Co., 627 Mission.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
PTTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES — Bargains In new and second-hand; all I
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
ORAPHOPHONEB, $10; Records, $5 per doa.;
Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl, 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
SEWIXG MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. HHr.. r . Sixth, phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
'■pairing, lowest rates. 2 f C> Fourth st.
CAKPKT (XIIAM.Mi.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
SS and 40 Eighth Ft.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
fend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
J. McQUEEN'B Cal. Carpet Cleaning Co., 453
Stevenson st.: tel. S. 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: relald at 3c.
STRATTON, 8 Elgi.th St.; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Works. 1* Bth St. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.: cleaning 3e a yard; tel. Mission 74.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat-
ing, alteration wks, -413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
, __ - • LOST. ~~~ ~ ~
STRAYED from the premises, 1103 Shotwell
cor. 25th st., Sunday night. May 22. a pale red
milk cow; finder will please notify the above
number. •
$125 REWARD— Lost, at soldiers" camp. Bay
District. Saturday, purse containing dia-
mond, jewelry,' etc. Return to WISE, 9
Montgomery st. ; no questions asked.
LOST— Brindle and white greyhound puppy.
Return to 501 Hayes st. ; reward.
WHITE greyhound bitch; brindle spot on side;
brindle spot on head. Return 91 South Park.
LOST— Black and white puppy greyhound
■ bitch, Return to 12 29th ut. Reward, -...,. j
■ - . ■ _ .f - ■ • .".._- ■- ■ ■ ■-'V ■-,-'-'' ■ ■ ■ ' - ■
THE SAN FKAISTCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 26, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN ;- - T^ T .
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st !
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye.. bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake ste. ; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL. 628 Market st.
LEAVKNWORTH, 411— House. S rooms, bath.
Inquire of EASTON _ ELDRIDGE or 1323
O'Farrell Et.
RESIDENCE with 12 rooms, partly furnished,
with about 2 acres of Improved land, to let
at low rent, in East Oakland, No. 1320 East
Fourteenth St.. b<-t. 2fith and 27th ayes.; street
cars on East Fourteenth st. and station on
broad gauge railroad within 10 minutps' walk:
1 hour frota Han Francisco. MADISON &
BURKE. _____________
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARMY, 862SA— Sunny cottage, 6 rooms, base-
ment; rent $8; rear cottage.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms and floor of 3 rooms for
housekeeping. 923 Shotwell s^
SUNNY cottages. 5 and 6 rooms; bath; base-
ment: yard; cheap. 1576 Fifteenth St.. near
Dolores.
$20— COTTAGE, 6 rooms; prettiest In city; new;
296.1 Twenty-first St.: key at corner grocery.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
TAYLOR, 810— Completely furni-hed sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. 1:30 and
4 p m.
$40— Mcdern lower flat; 8 rooms, bath: piano.
Call from 10 to 2, 1808 Vallejo st.
A WEEK^news for B cents— Tha Weekly
Call, in wrappers, for mailing.
FLATS TO LET.
A-^"lV_r__ys free, 4 fluts $8 month
A— Nice flats, near Geary and Taylor $9
A— lo days free, 14 flats $11 month
A — Elegant new flats, cottages and houses.
SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
ALL OVER TOWN .„,.,,. — T
You see flats to rent by BALDW IN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st^
A SI'NNY modern Cat, 5 rooms, $18; S rooms,
$10. 1230 Broadway^
CALIFORNIA, 2510—2 sunny flats; 4 rooms and
bath each: $17 SO and $1C; basement flat. $»■
FLAT to let; 5 sunny rooms, bath, basement,
yard; rent reasonable. 134 Page st.
GROVE. 10, near City Hall— Elegant top flat;
i rooms; bath.
GROVE, 72s)A— Lower flat four light sunny
rooms; bath.
HAVES, 825— Sunny flat of 6 rooms; bath; large
yard; basement; $25.
HYDE, 232, between Turk and Eddy— Com-
plete bedroom and kitchen for housekeeping.
JESSIE, 440—5 rooms; sunny side; no child-
ren.
MCALLISTER, 726— Upper flat, 7 rooms; bath; ;
rent $30. Key 721 j
NICELY furnished flat; 5 rooms and bath. Ap-
ply ill Liberty st. ;
PIXK. U2B, near Hyde— 2 flats in first-class or-
der; rent $16 and $18.
SANCHEZ, 489, corner Eighteenth— Flat of 5
rooms and bath; $12. |
SACRAMENTO, JWT— Nice flat 8 rooms and ;
bnth: all modern Improvements; rent $27 60.
SUNNY flat with 8 rooms and bath at reason-
able rent. BIG McAllister st. Key at bakery.
SUNNY flat of 6 rooms and hath: accommoda-
tions for 2 families. 738 Stevenson st. '
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ad? tnken.
FURNISHED FLATS.
LEAVEN WORTH, 811 — 4 rooms, furnished;
bath; suitable for young couple; no children;
references; $16.
MONTGOMERY. 1402— Flat 3 furnished house-
kf-ej'iiiK rooms. $9 per month; key 429 Du;>ont.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRYANT, 1101, cor. Ninth— Three nice furnish-
ed front mis, complete for housekpng; cheap.
EDDY, 617—2 sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping; range.
EDDY, 917— Very desirable housekeeping rooms:
gap ran«e; bath; garden; private; splendid
location.
EIGHTH, 84— Large furnished housekeeping
Bunny room; kitchen; hot and cold water;
bath.
EIGHTH, 24«— Nice sunny housekeeping rooms, !
from $6 up. j
FIFTH. 353— Furnished for housekeeping, 2 par-
lors, kitchen, bath. $22; also $6 and $7 rooms.
FILLMORE. l!<2o— Sunny front rooms for
housekeeping; separate kitchen
FOURTH. 225— Nice large housekeeping rooms;
u!si> s-infrle r'»>ms.
FRANKLIN, 214, corner — 3 or 4 sunny rooms;
bath; housekeeping if desired; reasonable.
PULTON, 116— Two large rooms for housekeep- j
ing; also sinple room; sunny; cheap.
GEARY, 1917— For adults; 4 comfortable rooms;
bath, two beds; two stoves; gas and coal; $20.
GOLDEN CJATE. Mo— t sunny rooms, bay- j
window; furnished for housekeeping.
OI'KHKKKO, 1147. n>-ur Twenty-fourth— Two
sunny front rooms and kitchen, furnished; $12.
HARRISON. 618—4 fine sunny unfurnished
rooms, 2 upstairs; stove; $11 to quiet adults.
HOWARD, 625— Large front room; furnished
complete for housekeeping.
LYON, 311, Park Panhandle — Unfurnished
sunny convenient connecting rooms; separate, i
MARKET, 102S— Large sunny front room and
kitchen, folding bed, $14; 3 rooms, $10.
MCALLISTER, 402. corner Polk — Two nicely
furnished front rooms; housekeeping; terms
reasonable.
MINNA, 111%— Furnished housekeeping room;
$1 50 per week: laundry accommodations.
MISSION, SSO — Sunny rooms; complete for
housekeeping; $1 50 a week up. ;
MIBSK >N. i) 2. "1^ — Completely furnished sunny
front housekeeping rooms; gas and bath.
NOE, 151 — Nicely furnished, two sunny bay-
window rooms; gas range; bath; grate: $12. j
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Sunny bay-
window, dining and kitchen; single or en ,
suite. i
POLK, 605— Complete for housekeeping. Includ-
ing gas for stove; clean sunny room; $9 mo.
POWELL, 944—3 rooms for housekeeping; hot
and cold water; bath; $!T, per month.
THIRD. 862— Front sunny rooms, nicely fur-
nished, housekeeping; first floor; $2 25 week. \
THREE sunny furnished rooms; gas stove; to I
respectable parties only. Apply 40 Geary st. i
TTTRK, 643 — Large, front rooms, complete for
housekeeping; gas and bath; $12 and $15.
VAN NESS, lOtl, nr. Geary st.— Front sunny
suite, $22 DO; one suite for $15; gas range.
WASHINGTON. 1025^—3 large unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; also 2 furnished.
WEBSTER, 2212— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; single or housekeeping; moderate.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Can.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
ROOMS TO L.ET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St.; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; phone Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 609 Hyde, Sutter 715-719— Furnished and
unfurnished; choice and sunny; reasonable.
AT 147 Powell and 211 O'Farrell, nicely fur-
nished rooms by day, week or month.
AT 242 Stockton — Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths; gas; very reasonable.
BOHEMIA. Z'.S Post— Elegant rooms; reason-
able rates; bath; gas; elevator; very central.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market — Furnished or un-
furnished single % and double rms.; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 207— Newly furnished single and double
rooms, $5 a month and up.
EDDY, 761 — Newly furnished sunny rooms;
bath; gas; private family; very reasonable.
EIGHTH, 10>>— Pleasant sunny rooms, $1 25 per
week and up.
ELLIS. 327— Large, double room for two
gentlemen; running water; $15 per month.
ELLIS, 527 -An elegantly furnished suite;
piano, light housekeeping; $30 per month.
ELLIS, 418 (Orand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $8 week.
FIFTH, 107 7- Pleasant sunny unfurnished
rooms to let
FOLSOM, 7GRl4— Nicely furnished rooms to let,
$4 aod |5; all conveniences.
FT KXI.HKD rooms in all parts of city; sin-
gle, double and en suite. 1023 Market st.
GEARY 55f1, formerly 618 — Elegant sunny par-
lor; suites, single and double rooms; also
housekeeping.
GEARY. 622— Elegant front sunny bay-window
parlors; also other rooms; bath. gas.
GEARY, 224*— A large nicely furnished room
in private family.
GIRARD House, cor. Beventh and Howard-
Pleasant rooms, single and housekeeping;
loweet rates.
GLOBE HoU6», 821 Howard— Per night, 250 to
11; week, tt to $4; reading-room; Howard car».^
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
GUERRERo7"IIS2— Sunny bay-window front
alcove room, well furnished; cheap.
HANCOCK House, 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 741 — Just opened; newly furnished
front and other rooms; bath; gas: $5 mo. up.
HOWARD 762 — Nice furnished front rooms;
reasonable; housekeeping if desired.
HOWARD, 9sl» — A nice sunny room in a quiet
family for a young man; $4 a month.
JEBS.IE, 627— Large front room suitable for
two; also housekeeping.
KEARNY. 23— Cheap single rooms.
MARKET. 1211, near Sixth (Ellis Houae)—
Furnished rooms. $1 50 to $6 per week; tran-
sient.
MARKET, 1122 (The Parker House)— Nicely
furnished suites: rea9ona _ b l e ;
MASON 18 (Silver State)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, single by the week, $1 60 to $3; suites,
$4 to $6; baths; hot water; transient; elevator.
MASON, 411— Fine sunny furnished suite in
private family; bath; telephone; very rea-
sonable.
MASON 505— Sunny bay window suite; no
stairs;' private family; elegantly furnished.
MISSION 1226 — Nice large sunny parlor, piano;
running water; bath; suitable 2; $10 month.
MISSION, 1515 V4 — Large sunny room; suitable
two men or married couple; bath; gas.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week.
OAK. 22— Large light sunny front room; BUlt-
able for work shop or storage; cheap.
O'FARRE U. ; 231— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath anJ gas; rent reasonable.
CVFARRELL. l_7— Large front room, well fur-
nished. $10; sunny single room, $7.
PHILADELPHIA House— Furnished rooms, 75c
week and upwards. 421 Bush st.
POST, 216—3 connecting sunny rooms, suitable
for offices or otherwise.
POST 62" — Sunny suite or single rooms: flrat-
class In every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH 124— Single and double rooms, $1 50
week up; complete housekeeping, $10 mo. up.
STOCKTON, 304. near Post— Newly furnished
sunny suite, suit, man and wife; also single.
SUTTER, 1111— Nicely furnished rooms; ulngle
or en suite ; also housekeeping; reasonable.
TURK, 405— Sunny suites, double and single
rooms: also 3 front connecting rooms com-
plete housekpg: range; bath; running water.
TAYLOR. 109— Sunny double room with sep-
arate bods. $10; sunny single room, $1 50.
TENTH, 123. near Market— Nice large sunny
rooms; kitchen if desired; very cheap.
VAN NESS aye.. 808— Sunny newly furnished
rooms, electric lights, bath, with board;
terms moderate.
139 HAYEB .ST. -Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
HOOMS '. •!> HOARD.
XLL™sunny~~bay-wlndow rooms, everything
new cheerful; first-class every respect; board
optional. The Sirlus. 1805 Stockton; Kearny cars
EDDY, 62fl (IrvingdaleV- Lovely rooms; select
table: nice locatn; suits, Mfl up; single, $20 up.
ELLIS. T.lS — Nicely furnished rooms, best
board; $2n per month.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per week; n4ce location.
FOURTH, 127— Room and board in private fam-
ily, S4 per week.
gi iiTII PARK. 159— Good table board. $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room. $4 week.
BUTTER __S— Sunny suite: single rooms: first-
class board; largegrounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
THE Oriel— With or without board; new. ele-
gantly furnished, beautiful sunny Market-st.
suites, with board for 2, $40 per month; single
rooms accordingly.
'■ VAN NESS aye., 808— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern: newly furnished: with board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
RELIABLE lady will board infant or 1 or 2
children; nt.e yard; own COW. 339 Jessie st.
< AN elderly lady will take infants to board; a
mothers care; references. 2?44 Sixth st.
STORES TO LET.
CORNER store; 4 rooms and stable; rent $15;
22d-st. cars pass the door. 3*51 Twenty-fourth
et., corner of Vlcksburg.
NE cor. Pacific and Sanßome--Hani'.snme cor-
ner store, with or without basement; cheap.
STORE and three living rooms; rent $10. 2343
Mission st.
STORE or factor}', well lighted middle, all
over; 25x150 or part. 519 Howard st.
TO LET— Corner store on O'Farrell St., suita-
ble for confectionery or bakery; oven, etc.;
rent reasonable. HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post.
OFFICES TO LET]
OFFICE room, all furnished, with large vault,
at CLARK & COS.. 224 Montgomery St.,
next the Mills building; (agents for the sani-
tary stills).
FINE partly furnished offices. 901 Sutter St..
corner Leavenworth.
SIXTH, 43, cor. Mission (Esmond House)— 4
rooms formerly occupied by Dr. XI. Kroto-
zvner fnr 10 years.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; Uuht and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50o; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 11M.
NEW YORK dentists; painless extraction;
teeth, per set, $5 up; gold filling. 75c up; sil-
ver. 25c up; old plates made over, $1 up; all
work warranted; open evenings and Sundays.
969 Mission st., cor. Sixth, and 371 Hayes st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL 1443 Market st., nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates I ade over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. OEORGH W, LKEK. genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAI" VROOM Electro Dental I priors; full set
of teeth, $6 up; fillings. 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand: open even-
ings. 997 Market St., corner Sixth.
DR. LUELXiA COOL, BM Batter; crowns, $5;
aluminum plates & bridge work a specialty.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg.. 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Pnlk st.
~ pro r osalsT
THE Mint of the United States at Carson,
Nev., Superintendent's Office, May 24. 1898 —
Sealed proposals will be received until 12
o'clock noon, June 28, 1898, for furnishing
supplies during the year ending June 30,
1899. Schedules and blank forms, with In-
formation as to conditions, quantities, etc.,
will be furnished on application.
J. W. ADAMS, Superintendent.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS— Pursuant to an
order of the Board of Trustees of the State
Normal School of San Diego, California, no-
tice is hereby given that sealed proposals
will be received by said board until 10 o'clock
a. m. of June 24, 1898, for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor necessary
for the erection and completion of the cen-
tral portion of the San Diego State Normal
School building.
Separate proposals will be received and
separate contracts made for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor neces-
sary for each of the following parts of said
building, to wit: 1, For the masonry work,
including all brick, concrete and oemant
work and all necessary excavations and fill-
ing; 2, for the iron work; 3, for the carpenter,
plastering, electric and glazing work; 4, for
tht plumbing and gas-fitting work; 5. for tht
tinning and galvanized Iron work; 6, t n
painting and varnishing.
No proposal will be considered unless ac-
companied with a bond of such proposer,
equal to 10 per cent of his proposal with at
lea=t two good and sutficient sureties, con-
ditioned that if his proposal shall be ac-
cepted he will duly enter into a proper con-
Each proposal must be made on blanks
furnished for that purpose, and, together
with the above-mentioned bond, ineksed in
a sealed envelope, addressed to the Trustees
State Normal School of ban Dlpgo, with an
indorsement thereon showing what portion of
the building is covered by the inclosed pro-
posal and delivered to the Merchants' Na-
tional Bank of San Diego, California, before
10 o'clock a. m. of June 24, ISSB.
Said proposals will be publicly opened and
contracts based thereon will be made on
June 24, 18?S, at 10 o'clock a. m.. at room 35,
Fisher Opera-house block, in San Diego, Cali-
fornia. .
The contractors to whom contracts are
awurded will be required to file with said
board a good and sufficient bond to the
amount of 25 per cent of the contract price
for the faithful and proper performance of
his contract.
The plans and specifications of said build-
ing can be aeen during business hours at the
office of Hebbard & Gill, architects. Grant
building, San Diego, California.
The Board of Trustees reserves the right
to reject any or all proposals made.
State Normal School of San Diego, Cali-
fornia.
By W R. GUY, President Board Trustees.
Attest: ROBERT C. JONES t Secretary.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
CHEAPEST LOT IN
PARK PANHANDLE DISTRICT.
$2550 — Offer wanted; must be sold; corner
of Hayes and Clayton sts.; 25x106:8.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery' »*•
A BEAUTIFUL HOME.
LARGE LOT.
$3000— T-wo lots, each 25x100, and good new
cottage of 7 rooms, bath, etc. ; stable for 2
horses; X St., nr. Ninth aye.; splendid view
of Park and the Golden Gate.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
DOLORES STREET RESIDENCE.
$800 cash, balance monthly Installments;
handsome naw house; <:ontains 7 rooms and
l>ath; every convenience; extra larKe corner
lot; plenty of room for store ami flat*: corner.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
FILLMORE STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY.
NONE BETTER EVER OFFERED.
$16,500— Stores and flats on best part of the
street; lot 50 feet front; pays over 9 per cent.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery' st.
WITHIN 100 FEET OF MARKET ST.
NEAR BALDWIN HOTEL.
$51,600— Pays 6 per cent; fine 4-story build-
ing; In the heart of the retail district.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
ATTENTION WORKINGMEN.
CHEAPEST HOME LOTS IN THE CITY.
$325— Terms $25 cash, balance $10 monthly;
only a lots left; Nebraska, Vermont, Nine-
teenth and Twentieth sts. ; electric cars on
Sixteenth at. ; only a short walk to Union
Iron Works and the manufacturing and ware-
house districts. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery St.
A SNAP. M
$7f.00— A great bargain; splendid business
corner In the best part of the Mission; lot
30xt>0; Improvements consist of store and 4
rooms In reur thereof; fiat above of T rooms;
also 2-story house of 6 rooms and bath; all
improvements in splendid condition; rent $63.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
HAVES STREET COTTAGE.
$•4350— Hayes st., near Lsrpuna; nice cottage
of ti rooms and bath; lot worth the money.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
A— sssCo; rent $80; three handsome new flats
of 6 rooms each. Just completed; Baker St.;
good location; large lot.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
A— s3ooo; rent $32; lot 2".x120; Fourth aye.. near
Clement; two good flate of 5 rooms each.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
*■ 10 Montgomery st.
A— 527,500; Larkin St., near Geary; extra large
lot, 50x137 :C. with good improvements, store
and flats; rented for $190; a splendid invest-
ment. BALDWIN & HOWELL;
10 Montgomery st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A, First Floor,
Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
EXPERT JUDGES BUY PROPERTY NOW!
BARGAINS NOW! PROFITS LATER!
$100, $ICO to $2r.0: level building lots near
Mission street electric cars; only $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTH EH.
ib'NSET HEIGHTS LOIS'
$400, $450 to $Sf>o; officially graded; superb
view; $25 down. $10 monthly.
BOX QETZ & BROTHER
$400, $450 TO $750; obolewrt Richmond building
lots; street graded ami sewered; $25 down,
$10 monthly. SOL (JETZ & BROTHER.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
SOL (JETZ * BROTHER,
Koom A, Crocker building.
PAYS FOURTEEN (14) PER CENT.
Four fiats on good street; south of Market
St.; in Al condition; price $4750.
PAYS ONE PER CENT.
Fine flats, not far from Market St.; street
bituminlzed; steady tenants; a very good
buy; price $3200.
Send for our list of cheap lots In all parts
of the city; we build to order on easy terms.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco. Cal.
58500— BUSINESS property; store nearly new
and fiat 7 eiegar.t rooms; always rented $65
per month; lot 27:6x132, with small rear
house. 3025 Sacramento st.
COI'XTRY REAL ESTATE.
A— IN mining district near Grass Valley, an
Improved fruit and stock rtin.-h; 22'j acres;
only $5000. McAFEE BROTHERS.
160 ACRES near Cottonwood, Tehuma County;
18 acres in vineyard; 8 acree in orchard; bal-
ance in hay and pasture land; house, barn
and outbuildings; price $0500. McAFEE
BROTHERS.
A— PAYS $SOOO NET PER YEAR
A splendid investment; finely improved ranch
property in Alameda County; price $150,000;
would consider exchange for city business
property. McAFEE BROTHERS.
NEAR LTVERMORBI
A quarter section of land; 30 acres in full-
bearing almonds; fine crop this year; balance
good grain land; only $4000. McAFEE
BROTHERS.
A VINEYARD AND SUBURBAN. HOME!
With a g.^od Income; 50 acres, nearly all in
full-lieariiiß vluesi ft mile from Warm
Spring.' Alameda Cotmty; improvements first-
class; price only $11.'"". Me A FEE BROS.
A— HIGHLY Improved vineyard property near
Callstoga; l'K> acres for $11,700; would consider
exchange for one-half, balance cash. Mc-
AFEE BROTHKHS. 108 Montgomery at., S. F.
THE best general ranch in California; 455
acres: two-thirds alfalfa land, balance good
hay land; improvements cost $13,0<i0; a snap to
the right parties. CLARK & CO., 224 Mont-
gomery- st.
TO LEASE— Dairy and fruit ranch; milk
route; 25 cows; 70 acres; adjoining Vallejo;
good opening for industrious family man with
some money. Address at once box 45M. Call.
WRITE for list: good land. $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta Co., Cal.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions: no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
OAKLAND loans on real estate secured
promptly; reasonable interest and moderate
expenses. HUGH M. CAMERON, Real Es-
tate Broker, 479 Ninth St., Oakland.
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential; private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN .& CO.. 230 Kearny St.. upstairs.
ANY amount at 6H per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Me-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery st.. room 3.
HIGHLY respectable ana private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market st. ; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up:
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
$100,000 TO loan on income city property; $10,-
000 on furniture. G. W. OWEN. 1405 Call bldg.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 32S Montgomery.
ANY sum Ist or 2d mortsapes, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room T, 503 California st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.:
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any Bum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. 62S Market st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest
rates: no com.: private. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY WANTED.
MODERN residence wanted: 7 to 10 rooms;
north or west side of street on Pacific or
Presidio Heiphts: cost not to exceed $«/Wi;
state price and details. Address box 4659, Call.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real estate. . bonds, etc. : lowest
rates. McAFEE BROS. IPS Montgomery at.
PAWNBROKERS.
■ _^ i . t _„.' |_. -i-r~r, * -I-.'rJ'X.VC'j'ij
BE wise and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office, 22 Mason st., bet. Market and Eddy.
~~ LEGAL NOTICES.
RAILROAD Consolidation— Pursuant to the
statute in such case made and , provided, no-
tice Is hereby given • that the p Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Company, the Northern Rail-
way Company, the Northern California Rail-
way Company and the California Pacific
Railroad Company, railroad corporations in-
corporated and existing under the laws of
the State of California, upon the written con-
sent of the stockholders holding more than
three-fourths In value of all the stock of each
of said corporations, respectively, and by agree-
ment of the respective Boards of Directors of
said corporations, made and entered into in
accordance with such -consent,' and pursuant
to the statute in such case made and pro-
vided, did, on tha 14th day of April, A. D.
IS9S amalgamate and consolidate their capital
stock, debts, property, assets and • franchises
under the corporate name and style of the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company.
J. L. WILLCUTT,
Secretary of . the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company. . ; ".
. San Francisco. Cal.. May 6. 1893.
""~~~ BICYCLES y^ .■:...; ■ ■'-■' '
WANTED— Bicycle; second hand; state price,
etc Box 4«51. CalL . . . - * • •■ • •■
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— ■ :
Offer wanted house 1224 Linden St., S
rooms, nice lot; neighborhood No. 1.
A new Colonial - 7-room house, Second aye.
and East Fifteenth St., and will be sold SO
per cent less than cost.
A new and modern 9-room house, East
Twenty-eighth st. and Eleventh aye.. East
Oakland; no substantial offer refused for this
property.
The above properties are newest, best and
cheapest homes ever offered for sale In this
city and must be sold without reserve.
Call and see them or will send full descrip-
tion upon application. '
J. S. MY Kits, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR Bale or exchange tor San Francisco cot-
tage, house and lot centrally located. Ad-
dress 962 Third st., Oakland.
oaklakd kjouses TO LET.
HOTJSE^TC~LET OAKLAND. ™~"
Corner cottage. 5 rooms $17
Lower sunny flat, 5 rooms 13
Upper modern flat, 6 r00m5......... 14
2-story neat 6-room house 18
Choice sunny 8-room house 22
10-room residence, fine M
These and many more, both larger and
smaller. WM. M.DEWOLF, 1053 Broadway.
HANDSOME modern cottage for sale In Fruit-
vale, Oakland. 5 rooms and lot 66:2-3x150, with
flowers and fruit galore; street sewered: price
to be fixed by buyer; owner is East and
must have money; $400 all that Is required
at present: this is a rare opportunity. WM.
M. DcWOLF, IOSS Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED— rent at Piedmont; comfort-
able home of eight rooms and bath; large
.and very attractive grounds, stable, etc.:
rent for a term of months or a year: rental
moderate and Includes care of grounds; also
cow if desired. HERON & HOLCOMB. 1030
Broadway, Oakland.
CHESTNUT. 2023— New 6-room cottage; neatly
furnished: piano: $30.
OAKLAND HOTELS.
FURNISHED and unfurnished housekeeping
rooms, sinele and double rooms, $1 to $3;
suites. $2 50 to $3; transients solicited. Oriental
Hotel, 864 Washington. V 4 block from station.
OAKLAM) ROOMS.
UNFURNISHED mis. to rent Abrahamson bdg.
SE. cnr. 13th & Was»h. Abrahnmson Bros.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
FINE sunny suite; also sunny single room; va-
cant June 1. THE LORNE, C 62 Eighth st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods this week.
SCKKLLHAAS' old store, 408 Eleventh st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1100— COTTAGE, 6 rooms; lot 35x125; close to
station and High School; street work,
sewer, cement walks, etc., complete.
$130f) — Modern cottage and lot in good location;
any terms; snap.
$2200 — To close an estate; fine modern cottage,
5 rooms; lot 50x140; best location; $1500 can
remain.
$3000 — Modern colonial cottage, 6 rooms; corner
lot; good location: very easy terms.
Fine list of furnished and unfurnished houses
to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. 4IOREAL & CO., 1432 Park St..
Alameda.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
.TUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700, $1800, $2200, $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages, which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of installments, and they are now offered at a
great Fsi'riflce to close accounts. They contain
4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to date;
almost new, and located near scnools and sta-
tions.
We are going to weed them out, and Invite
inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alamedn. and 62S Market St.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
GIVEN away— s3ooo; lot 58x104: cottage 6 rooms,
bath: SW. cor. Park st. and Blanding aye.;
property on easy installments in all parts of
Alameda. C. J. LANCASTER. Real Estate
Agent. Notary Public. 1340 Park St., lameda.
IN Alameda, on a main thoroughfore, three
blocks west of Park St., lot 50x140, modern
cottage, 5 rooms and bath, $22d0; $1700 can
remain flat or Installments at "H Per ient ;
make offer. HERON & HOLCOMB, 1050
Broadway, Oakland.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 20 rooms, 25c to $1 60 night: $1 50 to $1
week; convenient und respectable: free 'bu»
and raggage to and from ter -y.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
" $20 — 6 rooms of furnished cottage to let at
; once for 3 months; piano. 1173 Park st., Ala-
' medn: no young children.
• TO — Fine 6-room house; good location; $16.
J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park St.
i — — — — ■ — — — — —
: BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
■ IMPROVED property across the bay; sell
cheap or exchange. See ISAACS, 409 O'Far-
• rell st.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
EXCHAN"'H> Ranch worth $35,000. near Oak-
i land; will exchange for city property and
assume mortgage.
Prune orchard of 10 acres within 2 miles of
San Jose; will exchange for city, Oakland or
Alameda property.
30 acres of well improved orchard within 2%
miles of Santa Cruz; will exchange for city
unimproved property.
:-;■■•*■.-•■"■ J. BROWNS WXE. 11 Montgomery st.
PROPERTY WANTED.
$7000 to $SOOO spot cash for house and lot; quick.
Room 3. 1023 Market st.
STORAGE.
AT low Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments:
advances made. J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1022
Mission St.. above Sixth; open evenings.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse, £40 Mission St. tel. Mint 1821.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.;
office. Tenth and Market: telephone South 166.
FOR la west rates go to LOUIS J. NEUMAN,
121 Sixth st.; open evenings.
TRUNKS. 25c a mo.; other goods at low rates.
Signal Transfer Co.. 530 Jones: tel. Sutter 441.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence,
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows?
Fred Carstens and Esther A. Anderson 27-33
W. A. Johnson and Emma Dittnock 30-23
A. Balestriert and Francesca Tarantlno 36-25
Charles A. Mero and Alice P. Grant 27-21
William A. Wiegner and Ellen Drury....... 23-20
Henry W. Smith and Jessie V. D. Cridge. .23-33
Joseph Schroder and Anna Flickhammer — 26-26
Charles Krueger and Katharina Fricke 28-26
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES—
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
an.l be endorsed with the name and residence of
parties authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
GREENFIELD— 25, IS9S. to the wife of
\V. C. Greenfield, a son.
HANSEN— In Pleasanton, Alameda County,
May 21, 1898, to the* wife of V. Hansen. a son.
HANSEN— In West Berkeley. May 20, 189S, to
the wife of Charles Hansen, a son.
M'-MANXUS— Vances Mill, May 15. 1898, to
the wife of James McMannus, a 50n. .:..;;
MURRAY— In Halleck, Nev., May 20, 1898, to
the wife of J. E. Murray, a daughter.
! NYE— In Arcata, May 10, 1838, to the wife of
P. :F. Nye, a son. ■'. -.: -
MARRIED.
McDONALD— Seabrlght. May 21,
1898, by the Rev. C. O. Tillotson, Carlos Rolln
McDonald and Mary S. C. Forbes.
MATLOCK— In Chicago, May 16.
1898, by ! the Rev Father T. Cashman, In St.
Charles Church, Lewis L. Matlock and Annie
C. Keenan, both of San Francisco. -- . r
— , DIED. . . _~
Aagard. Ellen C. Healy, Jane
Bauer, John C. ' Kelly, Nellie E.
Braun, Freddie J. Lorenz, Marie
Britt Merrill M. Martin, James C.
Burnham, James G. Meagher, James J.
Case, Herbert P. Medau, Melinda C. v
Chase, Jacob S. Muller, Emlle
Downey, Timothy J. Nordstrom, ' Charlotte
Fabbri. G. Pearson. Grace M.
Farrell, Irene . . _ Phillipana, Dorothea
Fay Sr.. Nahum /" Schwarz, Charles
Flynn, : Thomas P. Schwarz, ■ Herman
. Greenwood, Annie E. Sullivan, Nash
Haskell, Dudley "Wlnthar, Carrie W.
AAGARD— In this city, aMy 25, IS9B, Ellen C.
Infant daughter of Lawrence and Ellen
Aagard, a native of . San Francisco, aged 7
months and 11 days. .•■ - .-,
BATTER— Victoria, B. C, May 21. IS9B. John
Christian, beloved husband of Carrie Bauer,
and father of George W., C. J. and Carrie
Bauer, a native of Wurtemberg, Germany,
aged 62 years and 6 months.
(CTFriend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday) at 2 o'clock, from Masonic
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets,- where sen-Ices will be held at 2
o'clock sharp under the auspices of Her-
mann Lodge No. 127. F. and A. M. Germanla
Lodge No. 1718, K. of H., Arion Gesang and
San Francisco Turn Verein, Frele Deutsche
Gemeinde and Schwaben Vereln are respect-
fully invited to attend. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery, cremation.
BRAUN— In this city, May 25, . 1893, Freddie
Johan, dearly beloved and only son of Albert
and Maria Braun, and nephew of Mrs.
Charles Bechtel, Johan Albrecht and Fred-
erick Lang, a native of San Francisco, aged
5 years and 26 days.
BRITT— In Santa Cruz. May 22. 1893.' Merrill
M. Britt, a native of Ohio, aged 69 years.
BUKNHAM-In Alameda. May 25. 1888, James
George, beloved son of James W. and Sarah
J. Burnham, and brother of Mrs. F. D. Marsh
and W. H. Burnham. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 33 years 3 months and 17 days.
CARE— In this city. May 22, ISM, Herbert P.,
eldest son of Mr. and Mrs. George A. Case,
and brother of Mrs. John Chalmers and Jo-
seph H. Case, a native of San Francisco, aged
42 years 3 months and 8 days. (New Bedford
and Butte, Mont., papers please copy.)
■ (C^Friends and acquaintances are respect^
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at the
chapel at the Odd Fellows* Cemetery.
CHASE— In this city. May 24. 1898, Jacob S..
only and beloved son of John G. Chase Jr..
and Esta A. Chase, and grandson of J. O.
and Ellen Chase, a native of San Francisco,
aged 6 years and 10 months.
(C?"Frienils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his grandparents. 2109 Larkin street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DOWNEY— In this city. May 24, 1833, Timothy
J.. beloved son of Carrie and the late Tim-
othy Downey, brother of George Downey,
and nephew of Mrs. P. Connolly, Mrs. A.
Grazer and Henry find George Frederiekson.
a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years S
months and 8 days.
(C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his mother's
residence, 3294 Folsom street, near Twenty-
eighth. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FABBRI— In this city. May 25, 1898. G. Fabbri
(Baby), beloved husband of the late Mary
Fabbrl, father of Elizabeth. Romeo. George
and Nellie Fabbri, son ol Ester Fabbrt, and
brother of Ferdinand Fabbri, a native of
Italy, aged 44 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at his late residence, 6 Church avenue, be-
tween Broadway and Vallejo street.
FARRELL-In this city, May 24 181-8, Irene,
beloved wife of James Farrell,- and mother
of Thomas. Eliza, Irene and James Far-
rell, a native of New York City, aged 42 years
2 months and 8 days. (New York papers
please copy. )
Friends and acquaintances are respe«t-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thu>-sd.-y), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 626 Alabama street, between Solano
and Marlposa, thence to St. Charles Borro-
meo Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
FAY— Eureka. May 15. 1898, Nahum Fay Sr.,
a native of Massachusetts, aged 73 years 4
months and 12 days.
FLYNN— In this city, May — , IS9S, Thomas P.,
beloved husband of Kate Flynn. and brother-
in-law of Mrs. Theresa Donnelly, a native of
County Waterford. Ireland, aged 51 years.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 255 Harriett street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will lie celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. A special request, please
omit flowers.
GREENWOOD— In this city. May 24, 1398.
Annie Elizabeth, dearly beloved wife of J. T.
Greenwood, and beloved daughter of Michael
P. and Johannah Burke, a native of San
Francisco, aged 31 years P months and 1 day.
|C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1214 Green street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
HASKELL— In this city. May 24. IK)?. Dudley.
Haines, infant son of Dudley and Nellie Mont-
pelier Haskell, and grandson of Mr. and Mrs.
D. H. Haskell of California and Webster
streets, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year and 2 months.
E7"Funeral and burial services will take
place in the family plot at Sacramento. Cal.
HEALY— In this city. May 24, 1398, Jane Healy,
beloved mother of Mrs. John j-embke. and
grandmother of Grace Virginia Lemhke. a
native of County Kildare, Ireland, aged 70
years.
(T?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7G7 Mission
street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where
a ■ requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KEILY— In this city. May 24. IS9<!. Nellie E..
dearly beloved wife of Denis J. Kelly, loving
mother of Bernice Kelly, dearly beloved
daughter of the late John and Margaret
Haley, and sister of M. J., J. M . W. H..
J L and Libbie Haley. Mrs. M. J. Barradas
and Mrs. M. A. Shelly, a native of San Fran-
cisco. (St. Louis, New York and Jefferson-
ville. lad., papers please copy.)
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her Into
residence, 23!) Dore street, off Harrison
between Ninth and Tenth streets, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated- for the
repose of her soul, at -9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
LORENZ— this city, May 25, 1898. Marie
Lorenz, beloved sister of Mrs. Christian F.
«M Honse, a native of Lauenburg. Pommern.
Germany, aged 38 years 2 months and 14 days.
(New York, Brooklyn and Louisville, Ky.,
papers please copy.)
(TTFrlends and acquaintances and officers
and members of Justice Circle No. 104. C. p.
F , are respectfully Invited to attend th<»
funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 2^o o'clock,
from th* parlors of Theodor Dierk*. 95. Mis-
sion street, between Fifth and Sixth. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MARTIN— In Oakland, May 24. 1898. James C.
Martin, beloved father of Harold L. Martin
and Mrs. James S. Jenks. a native of Illi-
nois, aged 58 years.
$y Funeral services this day (Thursday),
at 1 o'clock, at the family residence. 484 Pros-
pect avenue. Oakland. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
MEAGHER— An anniversary requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of the soul of the
late James J. Meagher to-morrow (Friday),
at 8 o'clock, at St. Paul's Church. Twenty-
ninth and Church streets. Friends and ac-
quaintances are respectfully Invited to attend.
MEDAU— In this city, May 25, IS9S, Melinda
C widow of the late John P. Medau. and be-
loved mother of Mrs. Otto Turn Suden. Mrs.
Louis Kats and Emil C Emma G. and John
E. Mednu, a native of Wheeling, West Va.,
aged 54 years.
. Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, " 2324 Pine street. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
MULLER-In this city, May 24. 1898, Emtle
beloved husband of Mrs. Louisa Muller. and
stepfather of Mrs. Charles Joseph and Mrs.
William Fr.-ser, a native of Germany, aged
&8 years 3 months and 24 days.
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of T ' S Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery- ■
A O. U. W.— Harmony Lodge No. 9. A. O. U.
W • Brethren will assemble at 305 Mont-
gomery avenue this day (Thursday), at 1:30
o'clock, •to attend the funeral of our de-
ceased brother. B^W^^ M . w
D. McSWEENEY. Recorder.
NORDSTROM— In this city, May 25, IS9B. Char-
' lotte B beloved wife of Peter G. Nordstrom.
a native of Holmsted. Holland, aged 43 years.
fCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
full" invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 'MO Indiana street. Interment I. O.
o. F. Cemetery. '
PEARSON-In this city, May 24. 1898, Grace
M beloved .laughter of Mary E. Pearson, a.
native of Sacramento. Cal.. aged 16 years
and 9 months.
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 4 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 119 Fifth street. Interment Sacra-
■ mento, Cal.. on Friday. Sisters of Rebekahs
are cordially Invited to attend.
PHTT LIPANA— In this city. May 24. 1893. Doro-
thea beloved child of Agusta PhiUlpana, a
native of San Francisco, aged 7 years 2
SCHWARI-In 15 this y ?ity. May 24. IS9B. Charles,
■neloved son of Louis and Nellie Schwarz. a
'• native of San Francisco, aged 4 months. -
rrr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
{Thursday); at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents. 2217 Mason street. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. ■
RTHWARZ- the City and County Hospital,
May 25 18**. Herman Schwarz, a native of
Germany. nged 47 years.
LIVAN'-In this city. May 25. 1898. Nash,
1,, .10ved" husband of the late Mary Sullivan,
and father of Daniel. Willie. David. Eddls
and Lizzie Sullivan. Mrs. Robert Stockfleth
and Mrs. Charles Schiller, a native of Ireland,
aged 57 years and 6 months.
WINTHAR— In Oakland, May 23. 1898. Carrie
W beloved wife of Thomas S. Winthar.
mother of Carl and Ernest Winthar, daughter
of Mr and' Mrs. C. E. Peterson, and sister
r of Mrs. M. E. Miller, Mrs, Nellie Brown and
William, Tony, Cyrus and Eddie Peterson, a
native of Chicago. 111., aged 33 years and 4
months. -
(CTFvends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), May 26. at 2 o'clock, from her
late residence. 1227 Peralta street. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
IMcAVOY' & GALLAGHER, I
FUKKKAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMEK3 I
Si.it iIfTH ST., Opp. Lincoln SchuaL 1
Telephone, South a). I
-
1314
BUTCHERS
MAKE MERRY
Annual Picnic at Shell
Mound Park.
HUNDREDS IN ATTENDANCE
RACING A FEATURE OF THE
AFTERNOON PROGRAMME.
The Outing Is Characterized by En
joyment, Festivity and a Sur
prising Lack of an Un
ruly Element.
On© of the most successful picnics ever
held by the butchers of the city was that
given under the auspices of their board
of trade yesterday at Shell Mound Park.
At least 15,000 people were In attendance
and the park, and the race track oppo
site presented a combined scene of fes
tivity and enjoyment. There was not
even an Indication of an unruly element
to disturb the pleasure of the day and
everything progressed smoothly and ter
minated with the general impression that
it was an enjoyable success.
Preparatory to departure for the picnic
grounds an immense parade of hundreds
of butchers, clad in the uniform of their
profession, formed on this side of the bay
and marched down the principal streets
Of the city to the ferry. The line of
march extended :': un the place of forma
tion on O'Farrell and Stockton streets to
Market street, thence to Sixth, with a
counter march to Kearny to California
and then direct to the depot. As column
alter column of the white bedecked wield
ers of the cleaver and the saw passed
through the business portion of the city,
the momentary impression was that
Uncle Sain had again called for aid and
was sending off his volunteers in a new
ly devised uniform and martial equip
ment—the sword and musket being su
perseded by the cleaver ami the meat ax.
One of the features of the parade was a
Bhip's bell fittingly decorated with the na
tional colors, li was inscribed: " Admiral
Dewey. Tins bell was first rung at the
Pacific Mall dock on the departure of the
first California United States Volunteer
Infantry Regiment, which left San Fran
cisco on board the City of ivkiny for the
Philippine Islands, May 23, 1898. Remem
ber the Maine." The patriotic emblem,
xhibition of N. C. Whyte and L.
Derome, attracted much attention and
heart) cheering rlo;.k the line.
At the front of the parade ar.u. in ract.
leading It, were a number of mammoth
bi -. decorated with red, white and
blue ribbons and looking almost as pa
triotic as the sturay vaqueros who were
seated on their barks and directing them
with guiding lin
Following in the wake of the proces
sion were hundreds of people laden with
hampers, telescope baskets and every
-.abb- contrivance for carrying theirs
picnic lunches. •
The boat carrying the picnickers left
the ferry at 9:30 o'clock In the morning
and when it arrived with its merry
freighi on the opposite Bide It was found
ssary to charter two additional train*
i ommodate the hundreds of un
looked-for guests who were unable to ob
tain standing room cither in the regular
picnic train or the local to Berkeley.
Once at the park formality, if any ex
aside and as the thou
- of pleasure-seekers passed through
the old portal of Shell Mound it was
with the understanding that for once lt»
the year grim care was to be brushed
and in substitution the god of mer
riment and jollity was to hold sway.
In th" dance hall, which afforded as
usual the main attraction, both for the :
rising and falling generation, was one
continual and uninterrupted scene of color
ar.d lolly good humor. Those who were
nol well versed enough in the terpsicho
rean art did the best they could and
adapted their own conception of the light
fantastic to the tune of the "Hot Time"
and other popular melodies, which were
handed down with a surprising liberality
and profusion by the specially engaged or
chestra.
One of the surprising features of the
outing was a total lack of the pugnacious
element, and the few altercations and
hand to hand conflicts that did rise un
bidden to disturb the serenity of the gen
eral scene were fought and decided gener
ally by the wielders of the scrubbing
brushes.
The canteen, although patronized, was
not done so to excess, there consequently
being no prevailing indication that Bac
chus was an unusual favorite.
One of the chief enjoyments of the day
•was afforded by the racing at the Oak
land trotting track, immediately opposite
the picnic grounds. There, from 1 o'clock
until nearly 7, at least 15.000 people wit
nessed the rendition ,of a well-arranged
programme of bicycle, horse and steer
racing— many of the horse races being run
by blood horses.
In the ninth race, called the vaqueros'
running race, there whs entered one of
Hobart s pedigreed "bobtails," shipped to
the city for the purpose of winning the
stake, and incidentally showing the cat
tle-herders that their horses were degen
erate, nags incapable of assuming even a
Blight claim to speed on a well beaten ',
track. Although bets were cast freely on ;
the Palo Alto production the "noble Ro- |
man" came in on the tail end of the pack,
and barely saved his reputation by beat
ing the last horse by a nose. The races
run were as follows:
One mile, free-for-all trotting race-First i
heat. Palermo, ownM by J. Ohesley; time. 2:33. ;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Bflßl Shahd
DflDl ohand
Raw Sore From Finger to Palm.
Physicians and Medicines No
Avail. Cured by Cuticura.
When my little boy was two years of ago,
dry spots commenced to appear on different
parts of his body. Last winter it seemed to go
to his hands, and I was obliged to keep his
first three fingers done up all the time, as It
was a raw sore, beginning to extend down to-
ward the palm of the hand. "We consulted three
different physicians, each a certain length of
"time, to see a benefit of their medicines. I
think now, after using Cdticura, that some
of the salves that I used did more injury than
good. A gentleman (who sat next to me In
church) asked me the matter with my boy's
hand. I took off one of the cloths and showed
him, he told me he had been in a hospital in
Boston, where for all skin diseases they used
Coticcba Remedies. I immediately pur-
chased Cdticcra Soap, Citicura (oint-
ment) and Cutiouba Resolvent, put aside
what I bad been using, and began with them.
"Well ! they aired that hand. 1 was afraid that
this winter it would break out again, but no,
it is all cured, and I have not bad to have a
dJth on it this winter. Mrs. DIAMOND,
Jan . 29, 98. 161 Bronson Aye., Rochester, N. Y.
(uticura
Remedies dally perform more great cures of
torturing, disfiguring, humiliating skin, scalp, anil
blood humors than all other blood and skin reme-
dies combined.. In all the world there Is no
other treatment bo pure, bo sweet, so speedily
effective for distressing skin humor* of Infants
and children as Cctigcba, greatest of skin cures,
blood purifiers, and humor remedies.
6pzbot Ccrb Trkatmist mm Evkrt Humob with
JyOst or Hair. — Warm b»th« with Ccticvba SoAr.p-n-
tle anointing* with Ccticcea [ointment], purett of emol-
lient «kin cares, and mild doeei of Cuticcb a Rcsoltbst,
fretted of blood purifier* and humor cure*.
Sold throughout the world, Pott** Dsco ajts Cum.
i tSf , Holt Pmm, Botton . Bab/ Humor," mailed frw.
. 01~ flow to QortiTorr Batrr Humor," mailed fr»»
KNIGHTS OF THE CLEAVER HOLD REVEL.
Snap Shots at Some of Those Who Made the Butchers' Picnic a Success.
Seoond heat, Monterey, owned by P. Williams; 1
time. 2:37. The prices were $50 ami $2f>. j
Butchers' pacing race for three purses of Js<\
J'S and $in respectively— First heat. Ashton In
2:35, owned by H. Levy; second he.at, Bonnie B
in 2 41; third' heat, Anita, owned by B. E.
< Vinihs.
Third rare— First heat. Al Orejor in 2:25:
owned by Q. W. Bern': second heat, Diablo in
":l'4. owned by .1. M. Nelson.
Free-for-all pacing race — First heat. Polotna |
. owned by Charles Johnson; second heat, i
Silver Button, owned by Jamea Hall.
Free-fr>r-all running rare — First. Ttapido in |
:44V owned by .c.. c . F. Cup.
Butchers' one mile running race — First. Ikf
L in 1:5034; second, Aubrey, owned by A. P.
Wagrner.
running rare, one-quarter mile — Fir~t.
Billy, owned by Poly Hellbron & < v '-
Th» prizes for the first five horse rare? were I
$60, (25 and $10 for the three best. The rest j
ranged from ?2'"' in the first to fE for the third.
The bicycle race was won as follows: First, \
H. Buttlngenbach: second. W. \V. Thompson,
and third, A. Buttenbuch.
PRESIDENT JORDAN AND
THE NEW CHARTER
XASMIN HOUSE,
Stanford University.
I believe that the chief
cause of the failure of mu
nicipal government in the
United States lies in the
conversion of the public
service into patronage to
be distributed among per
sonal favorites and parti
san workers. The pro
posed charter of San Fran
cisco perpetuates this con
dition of the distribution
of patronage by individuals
and cliques. It therefore
offers mighty little prom
ise of reform, either in ef
fectiveness or in economy.
DAVIDSTARR JORDAN.
Accidentally Drowned.
John Klllackey, who was employed In a
saloon at the corner of Pacific and East
streets, fell into the bay at the Pacific
dock last evening and was drowned before
aid could reach him. He had taken some
sawdust down to the wharf to dump it
into the water, and it is supposed that he
lost his balance and fell in accidentally.
The man was taken from the bay by C. B.
Moore, a watchman at the dock, and Sam
Edgar, and was alive when pulled from
the water, but he died a few moments af
ter he was placed on the wharf. Killackey
was a Frenchman, 58 years old, and had
no family. >■' _
Christopher A. Buck
ley has arrived in San
Francisco and is actively
engaged in working for
; the charter.
-—
TELEGRAPH EXTENSIONS.
Western Union Connects Seattle With
Victoria, B. C, by Cable and
Overland Lines.
The Western Union Telegraph Company
ban made some extensive and Important
additions to its Northwestern service, and
has conno^t^d Seattle with Victoria, B. C,
via Port Townsend and Port Angeles in
Washington, by means of overland lines
and a submarine cable crossing Puget
Sound. The cables have all been laid
and offices have been opened at the places
mentioned.
The cable, which Is of the single armoi
type, with three conductors, crosses the
Sound from Seattle, across Elliott Bay to
West Seattle and from thence to Port
Blakely. Several land lines have been
established on the intermediate islands.
The cable across the Sound is eight miles
In length and the overland line then runs
along the shore from Port Blakely to
Port Townsend, connecting at Port Madi
son, Port Gamble, Port Ludlow and Haa
lock. The distance from Seattle to Port
Townsend by this line is fifty-seven miles.
The line, still running overland, runs
along forty-seven miles to Pt>rt Angeles
at which point another cable has been
laid a distance of sixteen and a half
miles across the Straits of Juan de Fuca
to Albert Head, on Vancouver Island.
From that point there are thirteen milea
of land line to Victoria City, thus mak
ing the extension in all nearly 134 miles
in length, which has cost over $60,000 to
build. The Importance of the improve
ment can be readily seen, as it gives di
rect telegraphic communication with the
British possessions, and the results will
be invaluable.
Ladles' tailor-made onttn; latest designs- we
give credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Sutter. r. 6 4 7.
Burkes Slayer on Trial.
The trial of Theodore Park Haynes, the
hoary-headed tinker who shot and killed
THE SAT* FBA^CISCO CALX., THTJBSDAY, MAT 26, 1898.
Police Lieutenant Burke on Bernal
Heights two months ago, is progressing
rapidly. The jury was completed yester
day during the morning session arid in
the afternoon testimony was taken. After
maps and photographs had been identified
Alfred Hopkinson, the most important
witness for the prosecution, was placed
on the stand. H>- proved an interesting
witness. Ife reiterated the story of the
killing and the subsequent difficulty be
tween himself and the murderer. Ac
cording to his testimony the witness was
running most of the time and did not see
Lieutenant Burk<- snot. After he had
concluded his testimony the case went
over until this morning.
PREFERRED TO BE HANGED.
Convict H. W. Daggett Did Not Want
a Life Sentence.
H. W. Daggett, who on April 1 last took
Rachel Costley, a girl 13 years of age,
from this city to Stockton on the pre
tense that he had secured her a position,
and assaulted her on the Way, was found
guilty by a jury in Judge Cook's court
yesterday. After the verdict of the jury
had been read, Daggett, through his at
lorney, waived time, and was sentenced
to forty years in Folsom Prison.
Prior to passing sentence, Judge Cook
remarked that the minimum sentence the
law permitted for the crime of which
Daggett was convicted was twenty-five
years, and as the case of the prisoner at
bar appeared from the evidence to be a
[particularly brutal one he was not dis
posed to be as lenient as the law.
Here the prisoner asked permission to
say a few words, and the request was
granted. The. trembling convict rose
from his seat and, addressing the court,
said: "Your Honor, if you intend to sen
tence me to prison for life I would prefer
that you pass the death sentence on me.
I would rather he. hanged than spend my
last days in prison." Here he faltered,
and then sat down. Judge Cook then
sentenced him to forty years in Folsom
Prison. As the convict is now past 3rt
years of a ere. it is not likely that he will
escape the fate he so dreads, as forty
ONE OF THE WORLD'S CELLISTS.
Alvin Schroeder, Who Has Plaued With the Kneisel
Quartet for Thirteen Years.
Alvln Schroeder is pronounced by the best music lovers In America and
Europe one of the most wonderful cellists who ever handled the bow. He
has played with the Kneisel Quartet for thirteen years, and Is regularly con
nected with the Boston Symphony Orchestra. He and Franz Kneisel, Otto
Roth and L. Svencski comprise the cfne quartet that plays with an en
semble such as has never been heard before on the Pacific Coast. In London
they were welcomed every summer season, and it is only this year that they
dared to tackle the "wild and woolly W>st." The Kneisels will play ihis
afternoon at the Sherman-Clay Hall and the programme will include Dit
tersdorf'B quartet in E fiat major, Beethoven's variations in his quartet in A
major, op. 18. and Dvorak's quartet, op. 96, in F major. Schroeder's 80103
will be the "Waldearuho" by Dvorak and Klengel's "Capprlcio."
j years of his life, working in the guarded
j quarries on the banks of the American
| River, is as much if not more than the
| ordinary mortal can stand.
~m~.
Vote against the new charter
because section 1 of article 7,
chapter 1, empowers the Board
iof Education to discontinue
public schools. This provides
a way for dismissing teachers
and recreating their places.
THE LOYAL LEGION.
The annual meeting of the California
Commandery of the Military Order of the
Loyal Legion of the United States was
held last evening at the Occidental Hotel.
The following officers were elected for .— c
ensuing year:
•Commander. Colonel .T. C. Currier; sen
ior vice-commander. Admiral J. N. Miller;
junior vice-commander. Major S. W. Groes
beck; recorder. Colonel W. R. Smenoerg;
treasurer, Colonel C. M. Kinne; chancel
lor. Major M. Moylan; registrar. Captain
G. K. Over:- chaplain. Major \V. N. Me
serve: council. Colonel E. A. Denicke, Col
onel W. R. Parnell. Colonel George Stone,
General P. P. Walsh and Captain C. A.
Sumner. t> .<
The following new members were elect
ed: Lieutenant Reginald F. Nicholson,
United States Navy; Captain Chaurccey P.
Fairfleld, Company P>. Second California
Infantry; Qaptidn C,eorge M. Dixon, Com
pany E, One Hundred and Thirty-first
Ohio Infantry; First Lieutenant William
Henry Jones, regimental quartermaster
One Hundred and Twenty-sixth Illinois
Infantry; Second Lieutenant Horace Au
gustus Russell, Sixty-third New York in
fantry: John Christian Spayd Stubbs,
William George Carl Luekhardt, William
Alexander de Gress, Harold Charles
Ward.
The annual assembly was concluded
with a banquet, at which numerous patri
otic fasts were responded to in an elo
quent manner.
OLYMPIC CLUB OUT
FOR RETRENCHMENT
PROFESSORS WATSON AND BEH
LOW RETIRED.
Rumors Afloat That the Changes Are
Only the Opening Weds^e for
a Big Revolt Among
Members.
Members of the Olympic Club will be
greatly surprised to learn that Professor
Walter "Watson, who has, during the past
thirteen years, taught the art of boxing
to such clever exponents as Corbett and j
Green, and Professor Hugo Behlew, the
popular teacher in gymnastics, have been
asked for their resignations.
This move on the part of the board of
managers is said to be for purposes of
retrenchment, but many are of the opin- j
ion that when it tries to retrench by dis- I
charging two of its best teachers it will
prove costly in the end.
Their resignations do not go into effect
until the latter part of this month, but
already prominent business and profes
sional men are appealing to the board in
the hope that the professors will be kept I
in their present positions.
While the prominent members are work-
Ing, the less prominent are murmuring \
In disapprobation of the course being pur- I
sued by the managers. It is the younger j
element that makes up the bone and
sinew of the organization, and they feel ,
that the managers have not consulted
their wishes when they discharge such !
good men. They have trained under the i
watchful eyes of both, been taught the
rudiments of self-defense and turning and ,
having profited by such teachings are
very much opposed to their being let out. i
As yet the murmuring of discontent is i
mild, but when the day comes for leave
taking It is thought that it will give way
to unstinted criticisms.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
J. E. Guptil of Seattle is at the Lick.
J. K. Law, an attorney of Merced, is at
the Lick.
W. H. Mathewson of Sonora is staying
at the Occidental.
Benedict Carwell, a merchant of Cleve
land, is registered at the Palace.
Dr. V. P. McGlllycuddy of Deadwood,
South Dakota, is staying at the Grand.
D. E. Knight, proprietor of the Marys
ville Woolen Mills, is a guest at the Lick.
Collector of Port John T. Gaffey of Los
Angeles is one of the arrivals at the Pal
ace.
Mail Contractor A. P. Cross of Los An
geles and his wife and child are guests at
the Baldwin.
F. L. Jones, wife and sister of Pasa
dena, and S. H. Griffith and wife of Se
attle are guests at the Occidental.
J. Haney O'Bryan of Portland, Oregon,
Benedict Crowell of Cleveland, Ohio, and
G. Tiliman of Chicago are at the Pal
ace.
Alexandre Basilewitch, a Russian engi
neer who has been sojourning in the Yo
semite Valley, has returned to the Cali
fornia.
J. F. Elliott and W. E. Weed, both of
New York, and E. F. Brown of Dayton,
Ohio, are among the arrivals at the Cal
ifornia.
Senator D. A. Ostrom of Tuba, Cal.,
Marion Biggs of Oroville and Dr. George
H. Jackson, a prominent physician of
Yuba, are registered at the Grand.
Benjamin P. Parker of Livermore,
Frank L. Loftus of Ix>s Angeles and E.
S. Morini and wife of Jrvington are
among the arrivals at the Baldwin.
A. B. Jackson, a banker of Salinas,
Frank Shepard of Chicago. H. E. Cleve
land of New York and V. C. Gray of Los
Angeles are on the register at the Grand.
Professor James E. Keeler of Alle
gheny. Pa., who has come to this coast
to assume charge of the Lick Observa
tory, is at the California, accompanied by
his wife.
Judge Henry C. Caldwell and family,
who have been to Honolulu on a pleas
ure trip, arrived on the Zealandia Mon
day night, and are registered at the Oc
cidental.
\V. E. Teege and wife of Tltusville, Pa.,
Mrs. Ella Miner of Batavia, N. V., and A.
F. Mason and wife of Rochester, N. V.,
a party of tourists, are registered at the
Baldwin.
Ebanks Will Hang To-Morrow.
Joseph Japheth Ebanks, the murderer,
will hang to-morrow unless Governor
Budd steps in and saves his neck. He
played Ins last <\ird before Chief Justice
Beatty yesterday, when he asked for a
writ of probable cause. This was denied
him. in the following language:
"I'pon the within record an oral appli
cation is made to me for a certificate of
probable cause for the appeal. I can see
no ground upon which the appeal could
be considered, and therefore deny the cer
tificate BEATTY, C. J.
■M;.y 2.'.. ISPS."
The time fixed for his execution in the
wafant reads "between the hours of sun
rise and sunset."
Divorce Suits Filed.
The following suits for divorce were
filed yesterday: Meta Wrede against
Cord Wrede on the ground of cruelty; Ar
thur B. Nelson against Dixie Nelson on
the ground of desertion; Ida M. Canning
against M. J. Canning on the ground of
desertion.
Remanded to the State Courts.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
yesterday remanded to the Superior Court
of San Francisco the case of the Pacific
Steam Whaling Company vs. the Alaska
Packers' Association.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BOTTLED
IN YOUR
OFFICE — *
-Your health cannot be good— Bicycling
is the best exercise. The
Chainless Bicycle
Is the most delightful and practical
means to healthful enjoyment of exer-
cise.
The Success of 1898
■ Try one at our expense and be con-
. vinced.
POPE MANFG. CO.,
. \a/m. clark;
102 Telegraph Avc., Oakland.
@ vi.it DR. JORDAN'S *««*
*JL Museum of Anatomy
I^^Sl ICSI * i£rz * ST. tit 6ti * 7th, 2.T. C * L
g TheL»rgrstoMukl«diiitb» World.
l&i&\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
itfwV Con.ult.tlon free. Writ, for Hook
l\ I of Marriage.
, • U MAILED F"lt-
ADVERTISEMENTS^ .
%®wZth®er report: Monday, May 30, store news': ©
® WEATHER REPORT: Monday, May 30, STORE NEWS:
ffl Fair Thursday; warmer; nn/iA ftf » on Tlav We close even, night in- ®
® southerly changing to west- DeCOratiOH Day, Saturday, at tix O
1 erl » ,.__ these stores o^ cjb * O
|J£ %52 ff%$£i- will remain Grand afternoon concert I
„ and vacation- Come *n ClOSedall Saturday Sto 5 o'clock. (S>
® and see them, or me wxll ClOSea ail *
® quote prices with pleasure. , Ladies' parlor and pri. ®
® Kale's prices //Osr s "good day. . vate fitting rooms open. ®
0 goods 1 —Hale goods. " ' @
* v M niij Iks^
® At 8 -O'Clock Sharp To-Day These Go on Sale: ®
% Balance of @
® Machine-made Torchon Lace. 5C up for 12 yards ®
® 27-inch various Veilings 25c per yard ®
® Lappet Wash Goods 7ic per yard ®
® Bleached Lonsdale Muslin..... 5c per yard ©
® Shirting Prints • 3iC per yard |
® " GREAT DISPLAY OF TRIMMED MILLINERY. ®
® Yesterday there swept through our store a wave of enthusiasm— didn't mean ®
® much profit to us, but it meant our advertised goods had a drawing power. It ®
® meant we offered "good goods-— just when the public wanted them— and at prices ®
® they could afford to pay ! ®
| Torchon Lace. |
® Machine-made, 12 yards in the piece. A lot bought at actually less @
® than half proper value. Judge for yourself at these prices : ®
® I and I inch wide 5c per piece of 12 yards ®
% Ito \\ inches wide lOC per piece of 12 yards ®
(a 11 to 15 inches wide Isc per piece of 12 yards JJ
- o ..,.-.,--• . . VS»
® Veiling. ®
® Newest Fishnet, Loop Dot, Spider and Tuxedo Veiling, 27 inches ®
® wide; such colors as navy, brown, cream and black; many short pieces, ®
® balance of first rush on veilings ; some sold 35c and 50c, a few as high as ®
® 75c and $1. For this 27-inch veiling to-day, any mesh, OP%p XT(\ ®
0 any color, any quality LA*J\J Jrvl *
® Lappet Wash Goods ®
® * lm ® '
® Lappets, 28 inches wide, light grounds, 60 patterns p \J f\ ®
® and colorings — see display I 2v j \A. 0
% Lonsdale Muslin. |
® Bleached Lonsdale Muslin, 36 inches wide; good as V\f* \T{\ ®
® gold from the Mission-street Mint *J\J J U ®
® Shirting Prints. ®
? Shirting Prints, ? width, light colors, many choice O1 A Tr/ ] ®
% patterns O2^ JfU®
| Millinery.
0 Our trimmers and designers in millinery are busy making up n«w goods. To-day 0
® put on sale over a hundred trimmed hats from $1.25 to $8. The $1.25 ones formerly g,
/j} sold for $2.50 and $3. The $8 ones are pattern hats created after Parisian models. The
f-. great success of our millinery demonstrates that we sell after a thorough inspection ! _
® Display! Decoration Day!! Decorate! ®
®r " ®
For Monday we show 6 different buntings, including 'Tricolor," "Tricolor" (stars 0
i? all over), "Privateer" (Stars and Stripes), at 5c per yard. Solid colors in bunting, 0
)r either red, white or blue, at 4c per yard. Silk Flags 15c and 25c each. Muslin .~
® Flags on sticks 8c to $1.50 dozen. Patriotic Waist Sets, Badges, Hat Pins, ~
® Dewey Buttons, Maine Buttons. ;r
® " ®
g, We had ladies inspect our goods yesterday— especially millinery, 0
go away to look at others, but they came back to Hale's and 0
paid a reasonable profit for seasonable goods. q
9 937-939-941-943-945-947 Market Street. ®
3 - DAY SPECIALS !
Pure Food at Lowest Prices.
BUTTER, square 35c
Choice creamery.
PINEAPPLE, large tin Isc
Finest quality of
Singapore whole Pineapple.
Eyed and cored.
Regular price, 20c.
BOURBON WHISKEY 75c. .3 bots. $2.00
Gallon $3.00
E. C. Bern-, made
In the spring of 1890.
Regular price, $1 and »4.
WHITE FIGS, s=lb box v 50c
L.eggett'9 California
Adriatic White Figs.
Finest grown.
Regular price, $1.
CLARET, doz. fall qts $1.50
Gallon 40c
Pure California Claret.
Five years old.
Regular price, 750 a gallon.
We Sell the Ideal Coffee Pot.
21 STOCKTON ST., j 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. : Telephone West 158.
Catalogue free. Particular attention
given to Mail Orders.
GENUINE
AND CHOICE
ORIENTAL
Brought TfeTT^ni^
Direct from II - R If 1
jus? Xl U Ijo
—BY
LEVON BABAYAN,
A Native Merchant,
WILL BE SOLD OUT
AT AUCTION
Thursday, Friday and Saturday,
May 26, 27 and 28,
At 2 p. m. Each Day,
AT 106=108 GRANT AVENUE,
Between Post and Geary.
.I V. GOODS ON VIEW .TO-DAY. ',
We are • Instructed to sell these goods regard-
less of cost to close out the entire stock.
E ASTON, EL.DRIDGB & CO.. '
■ • ■■ ■ ■ Auctioneer*.
DIRECT
. . TO . .
DAWSON CITY.
All water route, no change; new-
steamer, built for leading business men
of this city and Alameda; cheap rate;
best fare; no second-class, all new fur-
nishings and best caterers. Tickets on
salel at 54 Steuart street, and 25 Market
street. Call for particulars.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMI AN A BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health anu
■trength to the sexual organs. . ,
| CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME. |
I FX3R BABY |
3* We carry a complete lino of 4*
|> CARRIAGES . %
CHASRS V
<S> CRIBS X
ETC ♦
<$> The Chair pictured above Is a. strong 4>
<j> oak chair- a <«>
t SPECIAL FOR C| f\{\ $
1 NEXT WEEK «?I«UU
| J. NOON AN, |
| 1017-1023 Mission Street, t
<4>vV- '':'■'" Above Sixth. X
<j> Phone, South 14. Open evenings. A
♦ «
The Weekly Call.
o/ It Publish^ the Cream of the
Newa or the Week and
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
cJ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°N IT IS TMB BEST WEEKLY
rJ PAPER ON Tttß
~J PACIFIC COAST
5 The Best \ / Mining
°\ Telegraphic \X Newc That
c< Service on /\ Is Accurate
01 The Coast / \& up to date
c/ Not a Line of it Sensational
d or Faky, and Not a Line of
7) it Dry or Uninteresting.
O< Bright, Clean, A Champ.oJ •(
1 - Thougbtful. 1 ruth.
2 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
ALL THE TIME.
Jj IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
"OME MAIL, $1.50
S>( INDUSTRIES ▲ YL4K.
P. & \ BUILDING PAPER
And P. & B. READY ROOFING.
Sold by all first-class dealers, are clean, odor-
less, of great strength, reasonable in price and
easy to transport. They keep heat, cold, damp-
ness and' dust out of buildings; ■ are particu-
larly adapted to Alaskan trade. PARAFFINS
PAINT CO., 116 Battery st. -Tel. Main 1763.