VOLUME LXXXIII.-NO. 150.
MANY KILLED AT MATANZAS
THE CITY ALMOST RUINED
BY THE AMERICAN GUNS
Engagement at the Mouth oF Matanzas Bay on Wednesday Last Between the American War Vessels New York,
lincinnati and Puritan and the Spanish Forts on Both Sides of the Entrance, in Which the Latter
Were Entirely Silenced, With a Loss of 100 Men.
HAD ORDERS TO
RETURN THE FIRE
OF SPAIN'S GUNS
Rear-Admiral Sampson Knew
What He Was Doing When He
Silenced the Batteries at
Matanzas.
NEW YORK, April 28.— A Washington special to the Herald says:
Hostile shots from American gun 3 will hereafter reply to the barring
of Spanish weapons mounted on the fortifications of Cuban ports
other than Havana. It was in accordance with instructions giving
him discretionary authority to return the fire of Spanish batteries
that Rear-Amiral Sampson bombarded yesterday the fortifications of
Matanzas. These instructions were formulated by the Naval War Board
and approved by Secretary Long.
Spain can blame herself for the destruction of the Matanzas bat
teries. Had the guns at that point not fired upon the torpedo-boat
Foote while she was steaming along the coast the bombardment might
never have occurred.
Rear-Admiral Sampson reported several days ago that the Foote
was fired on by a masked battery. The Cincinnati, hearing the boom
of guns, went at once to her aid, but Captain Chester, believing the or
ders of the department did not permit him to return the fire, simply
directed the Foote to get out oi range.
Bear-Admiral Sampson's report was at once referred to the War
Board, which gave him this:
"With the exception of those in Havana you are
given discretionary authority to return the fire of
any Spanish batteries. Keep your vessels out of
range of Havana guns until further orders."
Secretary Long announced at the close of office hours this after
noon that he had received no official report from Sampson. The Her
ald's magnificent description of the bombardment was received with
the greatest interest by American authorities, and in lieu of official re-
ports was regarded as most interesting.
It as the expectation of the department thai. Rear-Amiral Sampson
telegraph to-night or to-morrow, and his report will be at once
laid before the War Board. The intelligence officers on board the ships
which participated in the fighting will be required to give in a3 much
detail as possible the result of the bombardment, in order that the
War Board may determine its effect upon the plan they are preparing.
Profound ignorance is professed by the authorities as to the rea
son of Admiral Sampson's reconnoissance in Matanzas harbor, but they
say he must have desired to retaliate for the firing on the Foote and
also to destroy the batteries which were being erected for the protection
of the port-
THE FIRST BATTLE OF THE WAR.
The San Francisco Call
SHAFTER WILL
LEAD AN ARMY
OF OCCUPATION
Fifteen Thousand American Reg
ulars Will Be Landed in Cuba
Next Week, Probably at
NEW YORK, April 28.— A Washington special to the Herald
says : Brigadier-General William R. Shafter armed in Washington
last night and spent the day in consultation with officials of the War
and Navy Departments with regard to the expedition which he is to
lead to Cuba as soon as possible. It has been determined to land
next week a body of 15,000 regulars at a port to be decided
upon as available from the point of view of naval and military expe
diency.
It has been understood until to-day that the port to be selected
would be Bah/a Honda or one of the other harbors to the eastward of
Havana and outside the trocha.
The Herald's news of the reduction of the batteries at Matanzas
by Admiral Sampson's fleet may, however, materially affect the plans
of the War Department, and the possibility of Matanzas being made
the base of the first land operations was considerably discussed here
to-day.
The troops to compose this expedition will be the four regiments
now at New Orleans under command of Colonel Overshine, the infan
try brigade under Colonel Van Horn at Chickamauga and General Wade's
command at Tampa.
The port at which these troops will be embarked is not yet de
cided upon, but General Wade's division will undoubtedly set out di
rectly from Tampa and the other forces will be transported from either
New Orleans, Mobile or Pensacola.
General Shaffer will garrison the ports on the northern coast of
Cuba as fast as they are reduced, and will establish communication
with the insurgents under Generals Maceo and Gomez. He will also
take with him a large and efficient force of commissaries, who will
arrange for the transportation and distribution of supplies to the re
concentrados.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, APRIL 29, 1898.
Matanzas.
ALL CUBA NOW
IS AT THE MERCY
OF SAMPSON'S FLEET
All Who Can Get Away Leaving Manila
Before the Coming of Dewey's
Squadron.
General Shatter Will Lead the Army of Occupa
tion That Is to Be Thrown Into the
Pearl of the Antilles Next
Week.
Copyright, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA (via Kingston, Jamaica), April 28. — The
shelling of Matanzas yesterday by the American squadron
caused much damage to the city. Many were killed
and wounded. One-quarter of the town is said to be
ruined.
THE EXODUS FROIJE PHILIPPINES.
WASHINGTON, April 28— The Navy Department does not ex
pect news from Admiral Dewey and the Pacific squadron before
Saturday.
LONDON, April 29.. — The Hongkong correspondent of the Daily Mail, telegraphing
Thursday, says : "There are no advices from Manila as to the whereabouts of the Amer
ican fleet. Large sums are being paid by people anxious to leave Manila.
'The strictly neutral attitude hitherto observed by the public toward the Hispano-
American dispute has been changed by the absurd proclamation of the Governor of the
Philippines, and public opinion is now favorable to the United States.
"The China Mail says : 'The proclamation will go far to alienate the last vestiges of
sympathy for the Spaniards,' and the Daily Press says : 'English sympathy is naturally
on the side of America.' "
According to a dispatch from Singapore to the Daily Mail the French steamer
Saigon and the Spanish steamer Espano have arrived there from Manila, both crowded
with refugees.
THE GUNS OF SAMPSON'S FLEET
FIRED AT MATANZAS' BATTERIES
WERE HEARD AROUND THE WORLD
Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
ON BOARD the Herald-Call
dispatch-boat Somers N. Smith,
Key West., Fla., April 28.— That
rare and almost unheard-of thing,
an exclusive report of bombard
ment, has been accomplished by
the Herald-Call without any ef
fort of an unusual character on
the part of its war correspond
ents.
The Herald-Call's cMs
patch boat Somers N.
Smith is sharing with the
lucky ships of the fleet the
honors of the day.
The navy is delighted that the
Herald has scored so handsomely,
because the Herald is the navy's
favorite newspaper, and wherever
naval officers have gone to-day
the Herald's correspondents have
been congratulated on their mag
nificent "beat."
It was not luck that gave the
Herald-Call this long lead of all
contemporaries. It was merely
the pursuit of a systematic plan of
campaign.
While rivals called in their
pickets from the blockading fleet
the Herald-Call continued all ef
forts, despite the discomforts that
the hellish commotion in the gulf
stream causes occupants of small
boats, and the day the Matanzas
batteries were peppered saw both
of the Herald-Call's dispatch
boats with the fleet.
One boat, the Albert F. De'vey,
came into Key West to bring the
routine news and get coal, while
the Somers N. Smith, the pride
of the Pensacola pilots, whose
boat she is, remained on guard.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
When the flagship went
to Matanzas the Somers
N. Smith followed her.
The correspondents on board
had no intimation from the ad
miral or any one else that he
contemplated firing a shot that
would be heard around the world.
1 had a long conversation with
Admiral Sampson just before the
flagship started, and no hint fell
from his lips that the powerful
blockade might be broken.
So that it was a fair fiela for
all newspapers, and the Herald
was lucky enough to be in at the
death.
After the engagement the Her
ald-Call boat offered to bring in
the admiral's dispatches, and
waited with the flagship tor let
ters from all the ships engaged,
and for Richard Harding Davis*2
STRENGTHENING
THE NORTHERN
PATROL SQUADRON
Will Be Prepared to Meet Any
SpaQish pleet Tl}at May Come
Across the Ocean. •
NEW YORK, April 2S.— A Washington special to the Herald says:
Commander HowelTs command, officially known as the northern patrol
squadron, has been further increased by the addition of the ram Katah
<lin. which is now at Provincetown, Mass. As at present constituted, the
patrol squadron consists of the cruiser San Francisco (flagship), the
cruiser New Orleans, the ram Katahdin and the auxiliary cruisers Yan
kee, Dixie, Prairie and Yosemite.
On account of the poor condition of the defenses of the harbors of
Massachusetts, there is reason to believe that the Katahdin will re
main in these waters, for the present at least.
The flying squadron has received an addition in the shape of the
converted yacht Scorpion, formerly the Sovereign, which will serve with
Commodore Schley's command.
In order that the magazines of such ships as may participate in the
bombardment of any Cuban port shall be fully charged, Captain Charles
O'Nell, chief of the Bureau of Ordnance, has given instructions for the
collection of ammunition at New York and Norfolk, from which points
it will be shipped to Key West for distribution to the vessels of the
North Atlantic squadron.
On account of the necessity of fitting out the many auxiliary men-of
war that have been purchased, it has been found impossible to co-llect
much ammunition for the smaller cruisers' Kuns, but there is an am
ple supply on hand for guns of 8 to 13 inches caliber.
Members of the Board of Constructions have, finally determined up
on a type of battle-ship to ccmstruct in accordance with authority
granted under the pending naval appropriation measure. A circular
will be prepared which will require that bids be submitted within three
weeks of the date of its publication. The vessels will be similar to those
of the Illinois class and their completion will be required within three
years. Their speed will be sixteen knots each and their batteries will in
clude four 13-inch and fourteen 6-inch rapid-firing guns.
fine dispatch describing the fight
from the bridge of the New York.
It is a far cry from Matanzas to
Key West against a strong north
west gale, and the Somers N.
Smith sailed most of those eighty
five dreadful miles under water.
While she fairly tunneled her way
the Herald-Call's reporters penned
the story as best they could, and
I o'clock (New York time) this
morning found them filing about
4000 words at the cable office.
The wires were clear and
that is why the readers of
the Herald=Call had the
news of this most impor
tant event since the blaw=
ing up of the Maine before
them at their breakfast
table.
Some of the newspapers
here who did not cover
things thoroughly and
knew nothing about the
engagement learned of the
event through the indiscre=
tion of a telegraph messen
ger. These papers hastily
faked dispatches, which
were printed in New York
as having been written by
correspondents on the
spot. At 3 o'clock this
afternoon not a newspaper
In the United States except
the Herald and The Call
had a single line about
Matanzas brought in from
the fleet by its correspon
dents.
The behavior of our men-of-war
in action was splendid. The news
got trom the flagship that the men
were just as cool as though they
were at target practice. This is
also true of the Puritan and the
Cincinnati.
It is also true, however,
that the men on the Puritan
and Cincinnati wept during
the ten minutes when the
New York was engaged
alone, while they had to
wait for orders.
Then, while the Puritan engaged
and there still came no orders for
the Cincinnati to fire the grief of
Captain Chester's crew was al
most unbearable.
Finally, when the Cincinnati got
orders to engage, she steamed at
first broadside on and then took a
position where the Rubal Cava
batteries could not strike her. She
fairly enfiladed the batteries and
her men exclaimed with every
shot:
Take that for the
Maine."
There was no rejoicing, no
cheering. Everything was carried
out with an earnestness of pur
pose which showed a sensation of
which joy was not a part. The
men felt the pleasure of conflict
pulsating in their veins, but not the
pleasure of killing tor killing's
sake.
Too much cannot be said of the
gunnery of the men on the ships,
nor can too much be said in praise
of the discipline which prevailed.
Just here 1 would like to tell the
TORPEDO FLEET
TO SAIL TO-DAY.
Copyright 1898, by James Gordon Ben
nett.
ST. VINCENT, Cape Verde
Islands, April 28.— Spain's fleet is
still coaling here, but it is now
probable that at least several of
the ships will sail to-morrow.
The vessels which compose the
fleet are the torpedo-boat de
stroyers Proserpina, Osada and
the torpedo-boats Roamosa,
Hudam and Orion.
The paymasters of the boats
have been settling up accounts
to-day.
story of two cadets. Their names
| are Boone and Pettingill. They
were graduated from the Annapo
11 is Naval Academy ahead of time,
j about April i, and hurried off tc
; the flagship. Cadet Pettingill took
i alarm at the prospect of the New
York being ordered out of these
waters and fearing he would then
j miss the fighting asked to be trans
ferred to the Puritan. Cadet
| Boone remained on. board the New
I York and it was he who fired the
first shot in yesterday's bombard
| ment. Cadet Pettingill was in the
fight too, on board the Puritan,
and had the pleasure of sending
the shell into the Spanish batteries.
They were both very happy "wa
ter babies," as their friend Captain
Goodrellof the marines calls them,
j but Cadet Boone is the happier.
The lesson the artillery experts
! draw from the engagement is that
the Spaniards have no batteries
that cannot be destroyed by an
attacking force. To be success
fully defended the Spanish must
have recourse to their favorite
weapon — the submarine mine.
No shots were fired from shore
yesterday from larger guns than B
inch. A very .few shells were
fired. Most of the missiles were
solid shot and came from the guns
of 4or 5 caliber. At the time the
New York began to fire the Span
iards were mounting some io-inch
cannon, made at the Hontoria Gun
Factory. If these can be got in
position the Spaniards will have
some really serviceable weapons
against our cruisers.
The Spanish cable announcing
the total of the casualties of the
enemy as one mule was read to
day with a smile of incredulity.
Those who witnessed this engage
ment are satisfied the Spanish suf
fered great loss. The famous long
shot from the Puritan was seen to
dismount the gun that fired the
last Spanish shell, and everything
around flew into fragments from
the bursting of the monitor's mis-
sile.
THE HERALD-CALL
BEATS THE WORLD.
The Only Legitimate Story of the
Bombardment of Matanzas
Gathered by Correspond
ents on the Ground.
NEW YORK April 28.— The Herald
will print the following editorial to
morrow:
"The Herald yesterday was able to
give not only the reading world, but
also the Government at Washington,
the momentous news of the day in the
only account that was or could be pub
lished of the bombardment of Matanzas.
"This brilliant achievement is due to
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 29, 1898.
PERHAPS THIS
DISASTER IS DUE
TO SPANISH SPIES
Powder Works at Dover, N. J.,
Blown Up, Six Men KjHecl
and Buildiogs Wrecked.
EASTON, Pa. April 28.— The town of Dover, in Morris bounty, N.
J., and the country within a radius of twenty miles was startled this
afternoon by a series of terrific explosions, the first of which occurred
at 2:10 o'clock. The explosions occurred in the Atlantic Powder Com
pany's w • and the plant is now a mass oi ruins.
Six workmen were killed and four others were seriously injured,
some probably fatally* The remains of the dead have not yet been
recovered. The dead are:
ALFRED RARICK, WILLIAM FTUMFF,
CASPER RA , DAVID SCHEER,
WILLIAM HAYCOCK, ELIAS- A^ERS.
All the killed were married and leave families.
The works were situated in an isolated spot seven miles from Dover,
in a rough country. There were ten buildings in the group and all
have been destroyed. The first explosion occurred in one of the pack
ing houses. The concussion set off the explosives in another packing
house near by. Debris and burning timbers of the wrecked buildings
were carried high into the air and fell in a shower ovr- the remain
ing buildings, sotting fire to the main factory and the other five pack
ing houses and the two shell houses. In a brief time the explosives in
these buildings were set off and left death and destruction in their
wake. The works have been running night and day, turning out rush
orders for the Government and a large amount of ammunition ready
for shipment was stored in the parking houses. This, with all other
explosives, was completely destroyed. The scene presented at the place
was terrible. People who felt the shocks and saw the flames of the
burning structures flocked to the place for miles around, but could ren
der no aid to the injured. The people were terrified and held back in
constant fear of other explosions. A few men- who were in the build
ing managed to escape and they ran about the country bewildered.
They could give -o intelligent account of the cause of the explosion.
When the families and relatives of the emnloyes of the factory ap
proached the burning buildiner the scene was heartrending.
It was nearly 5 o'clock before the ruins had cooled off sufficiently to
be approached and before the onlookers could be induced to go near
the spot.
The bodies of the dead were terribly mangled. Many of the injured
were cut and maimed so badly that some of them cannot recover.
The loss cannot be learned at this time.
the alertness and efficiency of the Her
ald's staff of correspondents at that im
portant news center, comprising Messrs.
Harry S. Brown, Richard Harding
Davis, Hamilton Peltz. W. S. Merri
wether, T. F. Millard, E. W. McCreadv
and L. L. Redding, and to the fact that
the Herald dispatch boat was the only
vessel in sight of Matanzas at the time
except the three ships of Rear- Admiral
Sampson's squadron that made the at
tack.
"The Herald's news, therefore, came
| from its own trained eye-witnesses, who
had a splendid view of the whole scene
from start to finish and were enabled to
give a graphic pen picture of all that oc
curred, with every essential detail. The
news was brought with all speed by the
Herald boat to the nearest wire at Key
West, whence it was quickly flashed to
this office. It was the only account that
was or could be received at Key West
from the scene of the action, for the rea
] son that the Herald's was the only boat
j to make the trip.
. "The only news our many contem
poraries were able to give on going
to press was a bare bulletin of the bom
bardment gathered from hearsay at Key
West after the arrival of the Herald's
dispatch boat. How quick they were to
appreciate the value of the Herald's
beat as soon as the paper issued from
DON RAMON DE CARRANZA V REGUERA.
Commander-ln-Chief of the Spanish naval forces in American waters,
who was charged with the delivery at Washington of the conclusion reached
by the Spanish Commission of Inquiry as to the origin of the cause of the
Maine disaster.
SPANISH SPY
TO BE SHOT
NEW ORLEANS, April 28.-
General Graham will name a
military commission to try John
Waltz, the Spanish spy, cap
tured at Port Eads by a Govern
ment engineer officer. Several
undeveloped films and maps de
scriptive of the river and the
Government works at Port Eads
were found on him. Major Quinn
says the pro»,f is conclusive and
the spy will be shot. This will
be the first official execution of
the war.
the press was, shown by the eagerness
with which they all rushed to appro
priate it for 'extras' and 'postscripts' in
their '5 o'clock a. m.,' '5:30 a. m.,' etc.
editions.
"Of course the Herald was not men
tioned, though an honorable exception
was made by the Evening Post in re
printing the 'eye-witness account' in full
with due credit to the Herald.
. "It goes without saying that the Her
ald's graphic report of the first -engage
ment of the war has been sent by wire
and cable to every part of the world.
It has not only been read with avidity
by the general public on both sides of
the Atlantic, but will be studied by na
val experts everywhere as throwing an
important light on interesting problems
of naval gunnery.
"This, however, is but one illustration,
signal though it be, of the efficiency of
the Herald's war news service, covering
the entire globe, and is what the public
may expect from the Herald right along.
Yesterday, for example, we published
also the latest and fullest reports from
every stirring news center in the world,
including timely special cable dispatches
from Cape Verde, Hongkong, Cadiz,
Gibraltar, Madrid and Paris, which
shows that if you want the war news you
must have the Herald."
STORY OF OLD GLORY.
AS a natidn we are the most pictorial
in the world, writes M. C. Rayne in
the Chicago Times-Herald, and we
began early to read from symbols,
our first standard of independent rule be
ing the design of a rattlesnake cut in
thirteen pieces, representing the thirteen
colonies, bearing first the motto "Unite
or Die." and later the significant warn
ing, "Don't Tread on Me," the rattle
snake being typified in an attitude pre
pared to strike. Rude as the device was,
it had a terrible significance, but one in
which, science, history and power held
formidable parts, ana " was a motive of
wise statesmanship that gave it as a
warning to foreign pressure, when that
pressure developed into tyranny.
Dr. Franklin, seeing the emblem one
day, wrote of it in. cnis admirable expla
nation:
"On inquiry and from study I learn that
the ancients considered the serpent an
emblem of wisdom, and in some attitudes
of endless duration. Also that countries
are often represented by animals peculiar
to that country. The rattlesnake is found
nowhere but in America. Her eye is ex
ceedingly, bright and without eyelids
emblem of vigilance. She never begins an
attack and she never surrenders — emblem
of magnanimity and courage. She . never
wounds even her. enemies until she gen
erously gives uiem warning not to tread
on her, which is emblematical of the
spirit of the people who inhabit her coun
try. She appears apparently weak and
defenseless, but her weapons are never
theless formidable. Her poison is the en
cessary means for the digestion of her
food,- but certain death to her enemies —
showing the power of American re
sources. Her thirteen rattles, the only
part which increases in number, are dis
tinct from each other, and yet so united
that they cannot be disconnected without
breaking them to ieces, showing the im
possibility of an American republic with
out a union of States. A single rattle
will give no sound alone, but the ringing
of the thirteen together is sufficient to
startle the boldest man alive. She is
beautiful in youth and her beauty in
creases with age. Her tongue is forked
as the lightning, and her abode is among
the impenetrable rocks."
This magnificent apostrophe to a rat
tlesnake reads like an improvise don from
the Book of Job or the Psalms of David,
and, connected as it is with every epoch
of American liberty, it should be" as im
mortal in its sentiments as the Declara
tion of Independence.
It will soon be the one hundred and
twenty-first anniversary of the American
flag, or rather its adoption by Congress,
George Washington being chairman of
the committee which gave the order for
the thirteen stars and stripes. The patri
otic women of that day did not immor
talize themselves by making the flag witli
their own hands, but the expert needle
woman who drew the threads and did tho
fine stitching on Georgv "Washington's
shirts made our first national banner, and
wl.thm late years her house, which is still
standing, has become a resort for the pa
triotic. It has long been designated "tho
Betsey Ross flag." so it goes down to
posterity with a woman's name attached
as a factor in its being.
It was succeeded by the flng of fifteen
stars, which will come to bp known aa
the "Francis Key flag." our national an
them. "The Star-spangled Banner," hav
ing been written under its fokls, or rather
it was the flag which Key saw while in
diting his poem.
I have had the pleasure of hearing from
the lips of one who knew the history of
the name given to our flng in recent
years. "Old Glory." the incidents of the
occasion. The narrator, George W. Bates
of Detroit. Mich., a gentleman of unusual
information on ail topics, and an ardent
patriot, says that it was applied to the
flag of the X'nited States for the first time
by Captain Stephen Driver, an old sea
captain who was living in Nashville
Term., in 1562. In order to k^ep the flag,
which had been presented to him whilo
abroad by American friends, he hid it in
a quilt and slept unuor its folds without
its enemies bei.ng any the wiser. On
awakening in the morning he would
ascribe his good sleep to the concealed
flag, which he called by the pet name
"Old Glory." and when the Federals en
tered Nashville he flung "Old Glory" to
the breeze and told the story everywhere
The name is now as national as the flag.
ISOD joj prod 9ij asoiij,' . -sijja 3J3.SV Tptq.YV
jo 6S9'£* 'sj-bSjo m'HTS. peJiouis p-nij' oq
Vein papjooaj aq iprq.vi vi l Xji3ip v, irta^
ail auin tbih Supna "21 shaj. aq 9ouis
J9JJOUIS v uaeq p^q oi jo aSr. 3qj }t> uop
-uoi uj pe|p X^uaoaa oqAV ÜBtuaijusa v
ADVERTISEMENTS.
With many difficulties staring us in the face, dry weather, poor crops, the
war, which always depresses trade and business, scarcity of labor and inade-
quate wages — all will have to seek a new route to prosperity and even to
comfort. We cannot all go to Klondike, where gold •is plenty and wages
$12 a day. We should try the cash route. No man ever failed to reach the
goal by this route. Debts are dangerous and credits a delusion and a snare.
CASH-SHOES. BARGAIN_TABLE.
Girls canvas shoes, best quality, 1, 1^....' 50 These goods" are on first floor near the door
Hlrii: My?K?3ft&Ai: : i T hey are all right hu^V^^^-
Girls' fine san.lals for Sunday 2, 3.......\ il2 decorated pickle dishes, 25c ones - i!
Infants fine shoes all colors, Ito 4 25 15 lar K e decorated meat platters v
Infants everyday. shoes, all size 5.... 25 22 good sized hand lamps complete"""" r
Ladies low shoes, *L5OL 50 value, 2%, 3, 3%.". 25 75 small handle baskets 10c oSes ■ '" i
Ladies kid button shoes, $1 50 elsewhere.. 75 50 covered handle baskets 15c ones ' I
Ladies' large sizes, 7, -.7%. 8; stout ...$l, *1 50 100 35c. lunch baskets now ° in
Ladies' common kid and cloth lace, 3, 3Vi-. 45 30 15c folding fish 'rods -
Ladles' cloth buskins for house..... 25 8 40c covered butter • plates •' 'i-
- '-" ' ' 62 10c tea trays, 11-inch "•••••••••••••• •"
Big boys' low shoes, 3, 5, 6 43 40 10c coffee pot or iron stands'" 5
Men's low shoes. Oxfords, extra 75 31 10c boot scrapers ■"" ' I
Men's Sunday shoes, button, lace, Congress 137 3 only, $2 s^Kennebunk>icVcie'carriersV::: &
Men's hunting hi boots, russet 200 yi - le carriers.... t>u
Men's stout boots for everyday... — .....175 16 50c cans diamond butter nil us
Men's Klondike shoes and moccasins. .$2 up 80 10c packages fine - rolled not, — •■••••• »»
The above shoe bargains are open to the 66 25c glass jars of -lam ■ """ i?
trade as well as to wearers. If great wear is 400 25c bottles finest perfume i?
valued as well as style they will please. 32 pounds well known baking 'powder! : i2V4
'___ '- ' - v: . ■ %■;. -■■■" "■. ' ■ -•■.
Any of the above goods will be closed- out to the trade, or to housekeep-
ers, at a saving of more than one -half... They are not on our regular lists at
less than double. One lot of fine Starch, to laundries. or large jobbers at 2
cents per pound in one to five barrel lots; or 3 cents in less quantities. Want
the room for new goods to arrive. . Klondike bargains all along the line. See
our stock before buying elsewhere.
_ )M< : ''W CASH STORE*
•.w^^--<aS iy/ 25-27 Market St., San Francisco.
V^BSfePfißHfflErV ESTABLISHED 1879. RELIABLE ■ OUTFITTERS. 7 FLOORS
\^^MBa«SKgJF*/ ANNEX AND WAREHODSE DEVOTED TO SEIPPINO QOODS. 2
„ ' ' INTIRS FLOORS DEVOTED TO PACKING/ VISIT US.
SEEKING SOME
OF OUR SHIPS
Mysterious Doings of
Spanish Torpedo Boats
at Algeciras.
Looking for the Yacht Fleur de
Lys and Vessels Laden
With Sulphur.
However, England Is on tho Watch
and Ready to Use Force to In
force Neutrality Laws.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
ALGECIRAS, April 28.— During the
early hours of the morning the torpedo
boat destroyer Destructor and the tor
pedo-boats Habana and Barcelona were
sent away without a word of notice.
We had left them moored within two
hundred yards of our pier last night.
When the earliest riser awoke they
were gone. la the afternoon the two
torpedo-boats returned, taking their
moorings at Sandy Bay, about three
miles away from here. In tne evening
they returned here.
The Destructor was out all day re
connoitering 1 . She has now her full
complement of hands, two torpedo ex
perts and sailors having arrived from
Cadiz yesterday. She has now been in
cessantly reconnoitering for two days.
There is great curiosity as to her mo
tive. Another Spanish cruiser passed
here at 3 o'clock this afternoon. It was
probably the Alfonso XIII going west
and surely bound for Cadiz. It is con
firmed that the ship which passed last
evening going that way was the Pelayo.
Much excitement was caused here
last night by a sudden call for the crew
to join the British cruiser Charybdis.
She promptly started out and orders
were given to get ready for action.
The report was that an encounter was
about to take place, the British being
determined to manitain the neutrality
of their waters. At the same time the
special land guard was mounted and
all preparations were made. Her guns
were trained and the Charybdis fired one
shqf to warn any trespassers happen
ing to be about.
The action of the two torpedo-boats
and the torpedo-boat destroyer are the
subjects of much comment here. ' The
latter keeps unceasingly recormoitering
on the other hand for the Fleur de Lys
an American yacht, and on the other
for a warship su : . osed to have been
purchased by the United States from
Italy, and also for ships carrying
sulphur to the United States. Several
of the latter have been instructed to al
ter their course so as to avoid all dan
ger.
The Fleur de Lys, according to a no
tice received here, has put into Lisbon,
having been warned of the danger
awaiting her. It is stated that the De
structor stepped several merchant
ships at the south of this point. It is
said that an American merchantman is
expected to run in here. If that is true,
she will come in during the night. Once
here or within three miles she is under
British protection, which will be rig
idly maintained. • - ,
DOWNFALL. OF THE PIRATE.
(Written for Little Alfonso.)
Thore was once a Black-hearted Pi-rate.
He spoke on-lv in fierce Thun-der tones
and he Kill-ed Lit-tle Chil-dren. He car
ried a Knife be-tween his Fe-ro-ci-ous
Teeth, and he do-ted on Blow-insj up
Shins in the Night. Wo-men Trem-bled
be-fore him, and when he saw that, he
us-ed to Swrll with Pride, and say a-loud:
"What a Great and Cru-el Pi-mte I am!
I am- the Cru-ell-est that ev-er was. I
am not a-fraid of the babe at the mo
ther's breast. I kill sick peo-ple and am
not tim-id. that is, if they are ve-ry sick."
But one day a tall White Mar. took the
Gru-el Pi-rate by the neck and kick-ed
him till he co-uld not see. Then the Cru-el
Pi-rate drop-ped his glea-niinp: Knife and
wept and screa-med: "I am not a Cru-el
Pi-rate. I am Good and Peace-able. Will
no kind gon-tle-man help a Poor Old
Crip-ple a-cainst this Ruf-fian?"
But all the peo-ple lau-g-hed and said:
"Kick him a-gain."
And the Tall White Man was ve-ry
strong and a good kick-er. and when he
had kick-ed the Cru-el Pi-rate a-bout
three thou-sand milts there was a Great
De-mand for Man-tel-pie-ces in Spain at
Meal times.— New York Press.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative BromoQuinine Tablets. All drug
pists refund the money if it fails to cure 25c.
The genuine has L. B. Q. on ear'i tablet.
\rVERTISEMENTS. "
A
GRAND STOCK
OF
Spring and Summer
Underwear,
Hosiery,
Shirts, Etc.,
In All the Newest Ideas
At Low Prices.
EAGLESOKCO..
748 and 750 Market St. !
242 Montgomery St.
LOS ANGELES AND SACRAMENTO.
B-B-B-H-B-B— B-B-B-B-B
f NO i
■ DECEPTION a
■ HERE. o
•m For you get your money back if our ,L
shoes . are not as represented. That's ■
I our way of dnins business. We are (
gj now making ; -leciaJ efforts to Increase m
j our trade, and for next week will of- 7*
fer great inducements. Ladies* Extra !
M Quality Chocolate-colored Vici Kid E!J
I Burton Shoes with Brown Cloth Top 3 j -
£3 and Narrow Coin Toes and Tips. Re- c,
| auction price $1 65; sell regularly for $3. ■■
■ B
B JFT^iV*^^"-"
I Ladies' Best Chrome Chocolate-colored. I
m Vici Kid, Southern Ties, with Brown rm
I Cloth Tops, Narrow Square Toes and ,
I Tips and Hand-turned Soles; require no I
B breaking in; very easy on the feet; re- 0
I duced to Jl 15. Have always sold for I
■ *■ 50. m
■ A patriotic, emblem given with every ■
I purchase. Country orders solicited. |.
B Send for new Illustrated Catalogue. B
I Address T
■ B. KATCHINSKI, I
i PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., I
810 THIRD ST San Francisco. B
Jffi? TOR
5L i FINE TAILORING
■ ffljMk PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
JM| WORKMANSHIP, at
it lllltllr 25 per cent Less than Other
II fm&myi Tailors Charge, Go to
W JQE POHEEM
/f$ P All Wool i Suits tod* I O » o C 9 C
.1 Mm Order from *t>«^ t0 *"3
Jjß I Pants from.. .s4to $ 1 0
J^£f-*J^ 201 and 203 Montgomery St.,
844 and 846 Market St.,
1110 and 1112 Market St. San Francisco.
DRJICNULTY.
T'nrs •,vf,i.i,.kxow>; and rkl;ablk olt«
■ PrJVate,Nerrous,B!oQd.aiid Skin
Diseases of Men only, JfanlvPowprrfstoreii. Over
20 years' pxperieucp. Send for BooK, frtc. r»tienr-i
. curwlat Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 to 3
daily;f>::» tn.S.:«<>v\-s. S.Ui'S.-iys. 10 to 12. Cnnroltu-
: tioufreeandsiicredlyconlJdentia'. C'uil or address
• IP. noscoE Me riij tTT, m. n.. - -
86^ KeaiiiT Wtrt-ft. San tt»utl«t«.At
DnTTCTJrC i FOB ; BARBERS. BAK-
KK I I EiO ers - bootblacks, bath-
UIY\JkJXI.IUKJ houses.: ■ biiliard-tablea.
brewers, bookbinders,' candy-makers. 1 canner*.
flyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries. . paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories
st a,,e m en. t^oore^^nn^^auor,. etc.
Brush Manu?acturers.6OO Sacramento St.
THE WEEKLY CALL
q/ It Publishes the Cream of th©
'L) ' " • News of the Week and / ; :
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
c) ORIGINAL: FEATURES.
°< it IS THE BEST WEEKLY -7*
01 PAPER ON THE
*[J ■ PACIFIC COAST
2 \ /
Tl The Best \ / Mining. •,;
•°» Telegraphic V/ News That
c^ Service on • " •: /\ Is Accurate
ex The Coast / \& up to data
c^ ; Not a Line of it Sensational
W or Faky , and Not a Line of J-
.it Dry or Uninteresting.
01 Bright, Clean, A Champ on of
> .*.).'•■. Thoughtful. Truth.
2 ,"■'■"■ A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER f
2 ALL THE TIME.
2IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
HOME "- MAIL, SL5§
©( INDUSTRIES AYEAR. vGUNNERS
WHO ARE
ACCURATE
Men on the Terror and
the Machias Put Holes
Into the Guido.
While Trying to Run the Cuban
Blockade the Spanish Steamer
Is Given an Ob|ect Les=
son and Captured.
Copyrighted, 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEST, April 28— When the
great Spanish freight steamship Guido
of the Fletcher line came into port
early this morning in charge of a prize
crew from the monitor Terror and the
gunboat Machias the starboard side of
her pilot-house was shattered into
kindling-wood, her compass and binna
cle were smashed into a thousand frag
ments, and her brass binnacle standard
was clearly pierced in three places by
six-pound shells.
These wounds were a tribute to the
superb marksmanship of the men be
hind the naval vessel's rapid-fire guns.
The Guido had not stopped her en
gines quickly enough when ordered to
do so. She paid the penalty, and her
good captain. Julien Ormaccea. who
stood just forward of the pilot-house,
had the novel sensation of hearing a
six-pounder shot whiz past his head at
a distance not more than two feet.
Poor Manuel Rivas, a sailor, who stood
at the wheel, was not so fortunate.
The shot which shattered the compass
and binnacle showered him with broken
glass and metal.
The next and last shot fired from the
Terror entered the starboard side of the
pilot-house from a slanting direction
aft and drove into Rivas' breast several
long, jagged, wooden splinters, one of
which penetrated to the pleural cavity.
Rivas was this afternoon removed to the
United States Marine Hospital. His
condition was regarded as critical,
though hopes are entertained of his re
covery.
The shot fired by the Machias pierced
one of the steamship's whaleboats as it
hursf from the davits, and, exploding,
rent long, rough holes in the- boat's
sides. Only four shots were fired at the
ship altogether, one by the Machias
and three by the Terror. Every one
reached its mark with deadly accuracy.
This kind of marksmanship, together
with the exhibition of artillery skill
given yesterday in front of the Matanzas
shore batteries, is likely to inspire an
increased respect in the Spanish breast
for the skill of our naval gunners.
The Terror and Machias at half-past
3 o'clock Wednesday morning over
hauled the Guido ten miles off Cardenas
and identified her as a Spanish ship
bound for Havana. One F.hot was fired
across her bows by the Terror, but the
Guido did not stop, and apparently
forged ahead. The other shots then fol
lowed in quick succession. They were
not aimed across her bow, but at her
pilot-house. Then Captain Ormaccea
pulled his bells so violently as to stop
the engines and then to reverse them.
A prize crew, consisting of twelve men,
under the command of Lieutenant
Qualtrough of the Terror and Ensitrn
Willets of the Machias, was put aboard.
Everything was done first of all to as
sist the wounded sailor, Manuel Rivas,
and then the ship was headed for Key
West. She arrived off the bar late last
ADVERTISEMENTS.
~»—- esteems him-
self strong-st. Achilles never thought
he would turn his heel to an enemy, but
it was in that unarmored place the fatal
arrow was planted. It is usually the organ
in his body that a man thinks strongest,
that disease assaults and batters down.
Caution a man about neglecting his
health and nier.tion consumption, and he
will pound his chest and laugh you to
scorn. He does not realize that con-
sumption beats down this defense imper-
ceptibly, inch by inch. The lungs once
attacked the only weapon of defense is
the right remedy.
9S per cent, of all cases of consumption
are cured by Dr. Pierces Golden Medical
Discovery. It corrects disordered diges-
tion, invigorates the liver, makes the ap-
petite hearty and assimilation perfect,
fills the blood with the elements that
build healthy flesh and muscle, and drives
all impurities and disease-germs from the
blood. All druggists sell it.
"I have used Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription
lml ' Oo'.den Medical Discover}- ' in mv family "
rntes Mrs. O. A. Conner, of Alleghan'v Sprine*
Montgomery CO.. Va.. "and have found it toY
:he best medicine that I ever used I have also
used his ' Comouiind Extract of Smart -Weed"
and - Pleasant Pellets.' They will do just what
they are recommended to do."
The newly wedded wife, above all other
women, need? a good medical book Dr
Tierce's Common Sens- Medical Adviser
fills this want. It contains over 1000 pajres
and 300 illustrations. Several chapters are
devoted to th° physiology of the orjrans dis-
tinctly furcin:;:e. Send 21 one-cent stamps,
to cover cost of mailing only, to the World's
Dispensary Medical Association, Buffalo,
N. V., for */rec copy, paper-covered. If
• cloth biaainz is wanted, send 10 cent*
•xtra (.ii cents in all).
night and entered the harbor this morn
ing.
Captain Ormaccea is a philosopher.
He speaks English fairly well. His
first surprise after entering this port was
when his captors moored him directly
alongside the steamship Pedro, a sister
ship of the same line, and commanded
by Captain Ormaccea's best friend. The
Pedro was the second prize of the war.
She was captured after a long chase by
the flagship New York. Now the two
captains are companions in misfortune
and captivity. Captain Ormaccea
smiled grimly this afternoon when I
asked him if he had deliberately tried
to run the blockade. He said he had
no knowledge that war had been de
clared, having sailed from Liverpool
April 12 and afterward touched at Co
runna. When he first saw the signal
lights of the United States monitor he
believed her to be a Spanish warship,
but the vicious shot that promptly went
across his bow soon apprised him of his
error.
The captain says he rang to stop im
mediately after the first shot, and thinks
he was used a little harshly afterward.
He is grateful to be alive, however, and
not disposed to find fault. He and
Lieutenant Qualtrough, the prize mas
ter, shook hands in a most manly
fashion this afternoon after drinkine a
glass of wine together in the cabin of
the captured ship. Lieutenant Qual
trough and Ensign Willets then turned
over their charge to Prize Commander
Julius Otto. United States District At
torney Stripling and United States Dep
uty Marshal Atchinson. The naval offi
cers then withdrew, leaving the marine
guard. Captain Ormaccea told the Fed
eral officers he had little sympathy with
the present war, and cared little what
disposition was made of him except
that he hoped he would not be put
ashore in Cuba.
REGIMENTS
OF IMMUNES
Troops for Cuba Who
Have Had the Yellow
Fever.
These Will Not Be in Fear
of Spain's Strongest
' Ally.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 28.— Senators
Caffery and McEnery of Louisiana,
Se onatrMallory of Florida and Repre
sentative Davey of Louisiana have
been consulting with reference to the
raising of regiments of yellow fever
immunes in Louisiana and other South
ern States for service in Cuba. The
Secretary of War has been most fav
orably impressed with the idea, and
has already signified his intention of
j accepting the regiments of immunes
I raised in Louisia. 1 by the son of Gen
eral Hood, the famous Confederate
commander.
The Senate Committee on Military
Affairs agreed upon a favorable report
on the bill re: oving the limitations or.
toe supplies the quartermaster's de
partment of the army may purchase,
and also upon the bill permitting the
enlistment of a brigade of engineers.
Itoth bills were amended, the limitation
bill so as to authorize the Secretary of
W r to make purchase of supplies
abroad. The engineer bill was amend
ed so as to permit the enlistment of
10,000 yellow fever immunes in the
army.
The bill was also amended so as to
extend the removal of limitations of
purchases to all bureaus of the War De
partment and to all branches of the
army, instead of confining them to the
quartermaster's department.
The provision of the engineer bill for
the enlistment of yellow fever immunes
was inserted practically in response to
the President's request, which was
made known by Secretary Alger. The
President and the Secretary both think
these troops will be especially useful in
a campaign in Cuba. They think there
will be comparatively little difficulty
in securing the number required.
The general phraseology of this
amendment is similar to the provision
in the previous act, except that the
"special qualification" required as spec
ified is to be "immunity from diseases
incident to tropical climates."
Mormons Ready to Respond.
SALT LAKE. Utah, April 28.— The
Deseret News this afternoon publishes
a letter from the first presidency of the
Mormon church, addressed to Governor
Wells. The letter refers to the bat
talion of 600 Mormons that enlisted to
take part in the Mexican War, and
says: "War has been declared and our
citizens are called upon to enlist. We
trust that the citizens of Utah, who
are latter day saints, will be found
ready to respond with alacrity to this
call which is made upon our State."
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 29, 1898.
To. '• ; " ; ■
Bear.
In a very mil I manner Sun-
day we announced' that we
ivould make a selection from
our new Spring Sui'a for men
and off er them at $7.77.
From that mild announce-
ment, like igniting a little
spark, spread to a mighty flame,
until we were asked, yes be-
sieged with letters to continue
this sale 'till Saturday night.
A : wnys agreeable to th? kind
people of Frisco, who have been
so generous to us, we will accede
to their request, and until Sat-
urday night you will have the
prettiest, the most becoming, the
most fashionable, the most tasty
of vMen's Spring Suits at
1 "SESEw^ \ 1 t \ \ vEsnEflfl
Th .- way these garments are
made, the excellence of the fin-
ish, thehand-made buttonholes,
the hand-made collir, padded
shoulders, the numerous little
details that the casual observer
may overlook but the careful
dresser never— all this good
work in these suits. We trill
willingly lay them 'lonssidc of
anything in town at $12, and
they will turn out better titan
anything in town at $12.' So
'till Saturday night you can
have your pick of such good,
suits at
I # + + + 4. + + + + 4. + 4. 4. 4. 4. 4, 1
T These suits will be on ex- .
♦ hibit in our corner window +
> 'till Saturday night. +
\+ ♦
Q ♦ ♦♦ ♦ +♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦♦♦+ + ♦ ©
PATRIOTISM
RUNS HIGH
All Over the Coast Is
Heard the Proper
Sentiment.
Men of All Po'itical Parties Meet
at Los Angeles and Discuss
the War Situation.
Stanford University Boys Among
Those to Voiunteer for Service
in Cuba.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, April 28.— One of the
largest mass meetings that has been
convened in Los Angeles in many a
day was called to order this evening
on South Main street by Nathan Cole
Jr., president of -the Silver Republican
Club. It was called for the purpose of
expressing the patriotic sentiments of
Southern California in general and of
Los Angeles in particular as to the ex
isting war between Spain and the Unit
ed States. All partisanship was buried
and Republicans, Democrats, Populists
and Silver Republicans vied with each
other in expressing their enthusiastic
support to government, flag and coun
o\\\\ k nilrl if IT*/ // h ? ///
00000000000000000000000000000090UOOOO
o o
o "Our Country, in her intercourse with foreign o
o nations may she always be in the right, but our °
o country ri ( jht or wrong/' — Stephen Dccatur, toast, o
o Norfolk, Va., April, 1816. o
o . o
0000000000000000000000000000000000000
fTHE SAILORS, THE SPRING df^ik
Both long and short K§hL'-'*«l *^» COAT,
swell garments. We I\\ (\ That sweet little Over- /WJilrmv
have designed them - /_, \ coat for lads between flf^A^\
ourselves. We have \ \ \ the ages of 4 and 12, « /\lj
. earned distinction as \djß _J I irh tan covert cloth, (^hf4 0 / [77/
designers. They were . \ V=LJ handsomely gotten iip, TVj r\
to be our $7 sailors. \ ■■$!) very stylish and very x\\\\iYt
Your choice of either 1 "7^ cute. Can't find a ■ \j> B8 iiBaH;L.
style, long or shorl - \ prettier coat at $7 v |w © "t.""
trousers, at - '^ \&|ffl els f where in town. lIIJI "-^
$3^48. «j $3>4Bi
7 yjr^rdl \ vest, with its deep between the ages' of. 8 I I mr )•
Ni JflL U/H slo P in 2 collar, hand- >e Q ' and 16, durable fab- \v£]\W ■
t™ " braided with j~J FOR fashionable jab- \jQ '/TAJ
jar r in short trousers. §J f^ \\ A swell lot of Scotches T^^rCm
with its pretty little ffM, for older boys, those I \t\\\
vest, with its deep *^J between the ages of 8 I If \f ]
sloping collar, hand- J» «q I and 16, durable fab- |Jc j\w ■
comely braided with rics, fashionable /ab- \\PJj\!
■ soutache, vest very *L. .Sj rics, handsomely iai- qL/ / f
M i/ prettily braided: ••"-\\ T" lore d garments; noth- • \i/A |
\\ \ nothing in town at $7 eMdW«kU \\| ing in town at $7 can V^rl'lJY
Vr \\ 1 an approach it. *'*'"' BS^Ji eclipse 'an. £i,*t'*-r%i sf|
0000000000000000 00 00 000000000 00 o 00 00000000 c 000 000000000
q . This $3.48 event is one of the events that wishes history in the course of our houie. . °
q It's right now on the threshold of spring, with afresh new stoe'e, with goods worth ion to ?
© $7. We say to you that you can take your pick of this swell lot of goods, the most fashionable q
O goods ever brought to your notice. For pick— q
O . ■ » $3.48. ".; v : ; "*-:-, -';"."■ " O
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 0°
O. 1 i . tf 3.d5l KfARN V ST.
THE FRISCO BOYS. /..:.. TWO ENTIRE BUILDINGS. EIGHT FLOORS. '
try. Although the speakers represented
all four of the different political divi
sions, no reference was made to politics,
and the unanimous voice of all was that
the administration should receive the
unqualified support and assistance of
the entire American people at this time.
After calling the meeting to order,
Cole introduced the chairman of the
evening, Judge Murphy, who delivered
a patriotic address. He said that every
volunteer who enlisted for the service
of his country need have no fear about
his family being cared for yi his ab
sence. He added that while the volun
teer soldier received but $13 a month
his family would be given four times
that amount if it was necessary to pro
vide for them during the time the son
or father was absent at the front fight
ing his country's battle.
Mayor M. I*. Snyder, a Democrat, de
livered an abie address covering the
existing condition of affairs, which was
loudly applauded. Judge J. W. Mc-
Kinley, one of the best known Repub
licans in Southern California, followed
Mayor Snyder. George S. Patton, a
Democrat, Judge J. N. Phillips, a Silver
Republican, and I. E. Messmore, a
Democrat, also spoke along the same
lines.
Strong resolutions were adopted un
animously indorsing the present steps
taken by the administration in carry
ing on the war. Committees were ap
pointed to take in hand a permanent
organization to exist as long as the war
lasted on all matters appertaining to
the public good, defense and welfare in
Southern California. The* meeting was
a great success in every respect, and it
was the first expression of public opin
ion in the shape of a mass-meeting that
has been held in Southern California
PALO ALTO, April 28.---The proposal
of Captain Cunningham, Company X,
National Guard of California, to enlist
Stanford men in his company has been
eagerly accepted by over thirty stu
dents. Before the week ends the num
ber will be greatly increased. This is
considered a rare opportunity to secure
actual service. The company, it is
thought, will be among the first en
listed, and it is fighting that Stanford
ADVERTISEMENTS.
men want. While waiting to be called
to the fitate encampment at the Pre
sidio the recruits are being drilled by
Captain Harkins of Menlo Park. On
Monday it is thought they will be
called to go to the Presidio,
where, after one month's drill, they
will be subjected to a physical ex
amination and if accepted enlisted in
the United States Volunteers for two
years, or less should the war end with
in that time.
Those who have enlisted up to date
are: David C. O. Bigelow, Chester A.
Thomas, John M. Switzer, William A.
Wrigley. Justin H. Stewart, Edward E.
Grove, Elmer W. Emmett, William W.
Burnett, Jere Turpin, John R. Stowe,
Warren Percival Trumbower, Francis
A. Corbusier, William C. Mclnnis, Will
R. White, Roy E. Guidery, Robert K.
Alcott, Robert W. Hartwell, Robert
Dunning Potter, Robert Wescott, James
E. Hioks, Granville E. L.eavltt. George
L. Leavitt, Louis S. Beedy, Ernest F.
Townsend, Robert W. Dodd and Henry
G. Whitlock.
Most of the men who signed are stal
wart and full of vigor. The average
height is. close to six feet. Four of the
men — Thomas, Burnett, Bigelow and
Leavitt— are stars of the football
squad. President Jordan and mem
bers of the faculty have made it easy
for the students to serve the country
by excusing them from much college
work.
SAN RAFAEL, April 28.— Company
D, Fifth Regiment, N. G. C. will prob
ably be among the volunteers to in
vade Cuba. Captain Elliott of the
company received sealed orders to-day
which are supposed to contain such an
intimation. The company will soon be
recruited up to 103 members and in
readiness to joi"n California's quota of
volunteers.
VENTURA, April 28.— At an enthusi
astic meeting to-night speeches were
made by many prominent residents.
Among the speakers was Professor
Coffman of the High School, who was
the instructor of Captain Sigsbee in the
East when the co:nmander of the ill
fated Maine was -a boy. During the
evening eighty-five recruits signed the
Sc^/ e> , / \ I 3
Ftr/N& Wm ■»■'/</
Th© . ..' ■' ';
Boys ' '
In Blue.
In a happy moment we con- .
ceived the idea of picturing to
our friends our distinguished
naval commanders, as also our
honored former Consul to Cuba,
Fitzhugh Lee, in Boys' cos-
tumes.
Every on? of these styles rep-
resent the high-class sale now
in full force at
roll, and all the volunteers expressed
eagerness to go to the front.
PORTLAND, Or.. April 28.— 1n view
of the possibility of Spanish privateer
ing on the Pacific Coast the Oregon
Railway and Navigation Company an
nounces that on -all north-bound freight
from San Francisco for Portland the
rates will include the war risk as well
as the usual marine risk. South-bound
freight between these ports consists
almost entirely of grain, and that is
insured by the owners.
TACOMA, April 28.— Lieutenant John
H. Wholly of the regular army, who
has been stationed at the Washington
State University, has been appointed
by Governor Rogers as colonel of the
regiment of volunteers to be mustered
into the army from this State from the
National Guard.
SAN JOSE, April 28.— Pursuant to in
structions from State headquarters the
muster roll of Company B, Fifth Regi
ment, was opened this evening. Forty
seven men dropped in and every one
signed. It is expected that others will
sign to-morrow. All three of the of
ficers, together with Lieutenant-Colonel
Whitten, have applied for commissions.
SENATE WAITING
FOR WAR BUSINESS.
Among Other Matters Butler Sub
mits a [Resolution for Income
Tax and "ilver Certificates.
WASHINGTON, April 25.-Ajrain to
day the Senate was in the attitude of
waiting for business to reach it. A few
bills of unimportance were passed, but
no business of general interest was
transacted. Bills were passed as fol
io ws :
To examine, determine and report the
facts necessary to the establishment of
free public highways into the Yosemite
National Park; for revising and per
fecting the classification of letters pa
tent and printed publications in the
Spring
Straw 9
: Ladi@So
A big lot of White and
Black Sfraws for ladies,
same block as the Knox.
Just to have a little fun
with the milliners and
exclusive hat shops, we
quote these to our lady
friends at
49c.
tour big Hats for
Jfej|g|gL our big boys, a
H^ram big lot of high-
/* *^mw class straws ,
j "if just as you see
j /ft~~~/\ it in picture. In
fjjm^C^K. our big Hat De-
4^ partment at
12^c.
f"~"f "~" The Hat that's
w^ \s* brought fame to
t i^^^^&T. . \ our house —
I ~^^~^ ■ \ pretty Alpine in
\ V y^jL | pearl with bla-ch
\ \^<^J j bands, other col-
\r^ **mdt*?"u. orsaswell.tftß^at
»-£0 V* the. exclusive
-*-^ hatters. Here at
95c.
a A big lot of
/dft^^ Bows for ladies,
irw^l? t*^ or gentlemen,
y^ bl a^ colors; the
£>*?> ~yL -V 1\ String Tie as
■\«2|R^r^j6A well; all high-
\ N*^^w*S class goods.
• *^ Double the
money iv on' t touch' as good in
other stores. These at
lOc.
f*^£\ lot of White
h to/ Dress Shirts for
gentlemen.
(mjss7\ Proper length
ffll M \ bosoms, double
§A lot of White
Dress Shirts for
gentlemen.
Proper length
bosoms, double
int e rl ocked
I fjff // sleeves; high-
np7f y( class goods.
yv^vf These in our
// C il Men's Shirt sec
I\ : I tion at
49c.
patent office and appropriating $62,000
therefor.
Butler introduced the following reso
lution:
"That the bonded indebtedness of this
United States shall not be increased, but
that the necessary means to carry on
the war against Spain should be raised
by increasing the revenues of the Gov
ernment including- a tax on incomes
and by issuing silver certificates
against the seigniorage now in the
treasury and by such additional issues
of United States legal tender notes as
may be necessary."
The resolution went over.
Other bills were passed as follows:
To improve Humboldt Harbor, Cal.,
and to provide for the opening of lands
containing asphaltum, gilsonite, elater
ite, etc.
The Senate at 1:45 p. m., on motion
of Chandler of New Hampshire, went
into executive session and at 2 o'clock
adjourned.
"Women of the Red Cross and
What They are Doing in the War,"
in next Sunday's Call.
MADE INSANE BY
VIOLENT GRIEF.
Mrs. Keating, the Widow of a Pio-
neer Merchant, May Soon Fol
low Her Husband.
SALINAS. April 28.— Mrs. L. B. Keat
ing, widow of the pioneer merchant of
that name, who died at Castrovllle Tues
day, was brought to Salinas this evening,
insane from grief over the death of her
husband. Mrs. Keating, who is 62 yeara
old. was married over forty yrtirs ago,
and was never separated from her hus
band over a week at a time. She is mel
ancholic, and her early demise will not
surprise the friends of the family. Sha
will be examined in the morning.
First photographs of the recent
eclipse in India taken by members of
the Chabot Observatory, in next Sun
day's Call.
34
ARMY OF
INVASION
GATHERS
Troops Being Hurried to
Tampa to Cross Over
Into Cuba.
These Are the Men Who Will
Be Placed Under the Com=
mand of General
Shatter.
MOBILE, Ala., April 25.— A train
tnoved out from the Government camp
this afternoon for Tampa, carrying sup
plies, escort wagons, ambulances,
mules and hostlers and teamsters. It
Is rumored here that this Is the first
Btep of a movement that will finally
concentrate all the troops now here at
Tampa and also those at New Orleans,
bo as to form with the troops at Tampa
a force to be the advance guard of the
army of occupation of Cuba.
The Tenth and Twenty-second Regi
ments received orders to-day to leave
for Tampa to-morrow at noon and be
gan at once preparing for the journey.
CHICKAMAUGA NATIONAL PARK,
Ga., April 28. — The two companies of
the Ninth (colored) Cavalry, which ar
rived In Chattanooga late this after
noon, were stopped after having started
to Chickamauga and switched into the
Western and Atlantic yards. Orders
are said to have been received to have
the troops proceed as rapidly as possi
ble to Tampa., Fla., to which point
troops from Mobile have also been or
dered and they will leave before morn
ing. It is currently reported that the
companies of the Ninth Regiment, now
in camp here, will be shipped at once
to Tampa, as well as the Twenty-fourth
Infantry (colored).
Officers of the Ninth have bidden
good-by to their wives and are mak
ing every preparation for departure.
The movement of troops to Tampa is
believed to embrace not only the col
ored troops, but all the military sta
tioned here as well. The shipment of
the Ninth Cavalry following the sud
den departure to-day of two batteries
of artillery for Tampa, has produced a
fever of excitement among the sol
diers.
The Sixteenth Regiment of Infantry
from Forts Sherman and Spokane,
"Washington. and Boise Barracks,
Idaho, arrived in Chattanooga to-night
and will be carried out to the park in
the morning.
Companies B and F of the Ninth
(colored) Cavalry from Fort Duchesne,
I'tah, 137 men, in command of Captain
H. W. Wright, also arrived.
SOON TO NAME
NEW GENERALS
President McKinley Will
Try to Select the Best
Men.
Political Records Will Cut No
Figure in Choosing Army
Commanders.
Twelve Mnjor-Generals and Thirty-
Four Brigadiers Needed for
the Volunteers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 28.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: The
President and Secretary of War are
preparing for patronage to be dispensed
under the provisions of the war meas
ure which was enacted by Congress.
Secretary Alger and Adjutant-General
Corbin are hard at work to-night upon
a list of applicants for appointment be
fore them.
In making this selection an effort will
be made to disregard political experi
ence. The President realizes the sooner
appointments are made the sooner he
will be relieved of the terrible pressure
upon him by politicians. The first list
of nominations of general officers of
volunteers will only include one-half of
those ultimately to be selected.
The 125,000 volunteers will require, as
organized to-day, twelve major-gen
erals and thirty-four brigadier-gen
erals. Three major-generals who will
command three corps to be stationed
at Montauk Point, New London and
Washington, which will include ninety
five hundred of the volunteers, will be
the first officers appointed.
With the first list there will also be
the names of ten brigadiers, who will
command divisions of army corps and
divisions, which will be assigned to the
defense of the Atlantic coast under
Major-General Merritt. lam assured
that the senior command of the volun
teer army will be offered to General
Grenville F. Dodge. General Dodg**
with General Daniel Butterfield of New
York has had many conferences with
the President and Adjutant-General
Corbin.
The result of the conferences is that
General Dodge has bPtn prevailed upon
to accept the honor of commanding
one of the volunteer army corps, wrtiU.ii
he at" first declined on account of Ids
age. General Butterfield is understood
to be slated for one of the brigadier
generalcies.
General Joseph Wheeler has volun
teered his services in any capacity with
or above the rank of colonel. Strong
indorsements were filed at the Wat-
Department to-day from all over the
country for General Wheeler's appoint
General orders were issued to-day
forming the artillery into a brigade of
two battalions, to be commanded by
Lieutenant-Colonel W. F. Randolph of
the Third Artillery. The First Bat
talion, consisting of light batteries A
and F of the Second, and lieht batter
ies C and F of the Third, is placed in
command of Major J. M. Lancaster.
Major J. W. Dillenback is given com
mand of the Second Battalion, made
up of light batteries B and F of the
Fourth and light batteries D and F of
the Fifth.
NEW ORLEANS, April 28.— The three
regiments of infantry here will prob
ably leave for Tampa under rush or
ders. The First Regiment will leave in
the morning.
NEW YORK. April 2S.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: One
of the most Important of the auxiliary
forces of the volunteer army will be
two regiments of riflemen to be raised
in the Western States. In issuing the
call to the States from whose quota
these regiments will be formed, Secre
tary AJger requested that the recruits
should all be good riders and shots, and
should be selected from the rough rid
ers and cowboys of the plains. I learn
ed at the War Department to-day that
these regiments would be enlisted as
rapidly as possible so a? to be hurried
East to form the scouting and light
cavalry force of the first volunteer
troops to go to Cuba.
Colonel Torrey, who will command
the First Regiment, is now in Washing
ton, but he has completed arrange
ments for the equipment of his troops
and will go West this week. Colonel
Torrey told me he had heard from his
recruiting officers, and by the time he
reached the rendezvous at Cheyenne,
Wyo., early next week, he expected to
have his entire command in camp.
Colonel Torre- said the trouble his offi
cers were having was not to find
enough men, but to take care of the
number who offered their services,
v.hich is greatly in excess of the num
ber allowed in the first quota.
Colonel Leonard Wood, who will com
mand the Second Regiment, or "Roose
velt"s rough riders," makes a favorable
report concerning enlistment of his
troops, and it is probable both bodies
will be in condition to take the field by
the middle of next week.
ment to major-general and corps com
mander.
General James Wilson of Delaware is
prominently mentioned for the rank of
major-general. Governor Hastings
was in consultation with Secretary Al
ger this morning to urge the selection
of Generals Snowdcn and Gobin of the
Pennsylvania guard.
The names of General Fltzhugh Lee
and General James Longstreet have
been recommended by influential men
of the South. General Longstreet has
decided he is too old, and has offered
the services of his son. General James
Longstreet, Jr., as a substitute.
Major Garlington of the Inspector-
General's Department of the regular
army has been strongly recommended
for an appointment of brigadier-gen
eral from South Carolina. Colonel
Lawton is indorsed for a brlgadier
generalcy of Indiana troops.
General William R. Shafter will prob
ably be the first of the regular brigad
iers to be advanced in grade in the
volunteer establishment, Brigadier-
General Eiwell S. Otis will be assigned
to an important volunteer command in
the near future.
STEAMERS CHARTERED
TO CONVEY TROOPS.
It Will Not Be Long Now Before an
Army Is on the Way to
Cuba.
WASHINGTON, April 28.-A rather
striking sign of the imminence of the
invasion of Cuba was contained in the
chartering to-day by the War Depart
ment of eight large steamers, of an
average capacity of about 2000 tons, and
able to carry from 500 to 1000 passengers
each. These are to be used as trans
ports for the conveyance of the first
military expedition to Cuba. The names
of the boats are the Olivette and th^
Florida, of the Plant line, now in the
Gulf; the Southern Pacific Company's
steamer Aransas; the New York and
Texas Company's vessels Comal, now
at New York, and the Malamo, now en
route to the Gulf, and three fine ships
cf the Boston Merchants' and Miners'
line in Baltimore — the Allegheny, the
Berkshire and the Decatur Miller. The
price paid for these vessels is from
$10,000 to $15,000 for the thirty days for
which they are engaged. They will be
taken charge of by the quartermaster's
department at the earliest possible mo
ment.
SHIP SHENANDOAH
NOW SAFE IN PORT.
Arrival of the Vessel From San
Francisco With a Cargo of
Wheat Worth $150,000.
LIVERPOOL, April 28.— The four
masted American ship Shenandoah,
Captain Murphy, from San Francisco,
reported to have been captured by the
Spanish, arrived here safely this after
noon. The tug Rathlin met the ship
off the south coast of Ireland and towed
her to Pc!nt Lynas for $1500, as the
commander of the Shenandoah was un
willing to risk her being intercepted
Her cargo, owing to the advance in the
price of wheat, is worth $150,000
The members of the crew of the
Shenandoah were greatly excited when
the tug Rathlin informed them that
war between Spain and the United
States had broken out. Captain Mur
phy says that on Monday evening last
he sighted what he believes were two
Spanish cruisers, Lut the vessels were
too far distant for him to be certain
that they were warships of the enemy. •
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FEIBAY, APRIL 29, 1898.
PORTUGAL
IS NEUTRAL
The Official Decree Has
Been Published at
.Lisbon.
After Days of Delay Spain's
Fleet Must Leave Cape
Verde.
Austria Stands Now as the Only Na
tion That Has Not Declared
Itself.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
LISBON, April 28.— The Offi
cial Gazette will publish to-mor
row an official decree declaring
the neutrality of Portugal in the
conflict between Spain and the
United States.
WASHINGTON. April 28. — The
French Embassy has received a cable
dispatch from the foreign office at
Paris, announcing that a decree of neu
trality as to the United States and
Spain has been issued and that a de
tailed copy will be forwarded by mail.
RUNNING THE BLOCKADE.
The Spanish steamer Montserrat, which was turned back while attempting to make Havana, succeeded in landing the 1000 soldiers intended
for General Blanco at Cienfuegos on the southern side of the island.
On the receipt of the dispatch the
French Embassador, M. Cambon, wrote
to the State Department, informing
it of France's neutrality. The cable
notice is brief, stating only- that the
decree follows the treaty of Paris of
1856. The State Department has also
been informed that Mexico, Argentine
Republic, Korea and Belgium have pro
claimed neutrality. Korea's neutral
ity is considered important, owing to
her proximity to the Philippines.
The State Department has heard
nothing from Germany, but this causes
no apprehension, owing to the strong
assurances Germany has given that she
will observe strict neutrality between
the two belligerents. This assurance
was conveyed to Embassador White
and is looked upon as practically equiv
alent to a formal declaration of neu
trality. Germany Austria and Portu
gal are the last of the important Eu
ropean nations to declare their attitude.
The apprehension as to Portugal's
course was considerably removed to
day by the call of Viscount de Santo-
Thyrso, who gave strong assurances to
the State Department that Portugal
would remain strictly neutral. The
Portuguese Minister expects the official
declaration almost hourly. Although
Portugal explains her delay, on the
ground that the declaration ot war was
not made until the 24th inst., yet Great
Britain declared neutrality with un
usual promptness. The effect of Great
Britain's speedy action was to force
the United States fleet to leave Hong
kong, while the effect of Portugal's de
lay has been to permit the Spanish fleet
to remain at the Cape Verde Islands.
This speedy action in the first case was
harmful to American interests, while de
layed action in the second case was
equally harmful to American interests.
Attention is now being centered on
the course of Austria. lj.er delay in
declaring neutrality causes no material
inconvenience, as Austria has no ports
at which Spanish ships can take refuge,
but it discloses that Austria's strong
tendencies are with Spain, owing to the
dynastic relations between the thrones
of Austria and Spain.
AMERICAN YACHTS
HUNT FOR COVER.
Pleasure Craft of Rich Men in Eu-
ropean Waters in Dire Peril
Just Now.
Copyrighted, IS9S. by James Gordon Bennett.
GIBRALTAR, April 28. — Advices
from Cadiz state that there is great ac
tivity among the Spanish torpedo
boats. They are especially looking for
the yacht Fleur de Lis, which has tak
en refuge at Lisbon.
PARIS, April 28.—The American
yacht Arcturas, Rutherford Stuyvesant
owner, left Monte Carlo this morning
for Mentone to lay up.
NEW YORK, April 28.—The schoon
er-yacht Fleur de -.is is owned by
George Lord DayoftheNew York Yacht
Club. Mr. Day sailed from New York
on his yacht on March 17 last for a
cruise in the Mediterranean.
Patriotic Fresno.
FRESNO, April 28.—Companies C
and F, N. G. C, held a meeting at the
armory to-night, pursuant to instruc
tions of acting Colonel Johnson, and
volunteered to be musterei into ser
vice. Company F will furnish 67 men
and Company C 100. All the men vol
unteered with few exceptions.
Bead "The Story of the Rise of the
Christian Scientists" in next Sun
day's CalL
GENERAL LUIS MOLINA OLIYERA, Commander oF the
Forces at Matanzas.
AMENDMENTS
TO THE TAX
Important Changes May
Be Made in the War
Revenue Bill.
All Telephone Messages Must
Psy a Percentage to the
Government.
Even Chewing Gum Will I^ot Escape
and Each Five-Cent Package
Must Be Stamped.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
"Washington, April 28.
The Republican members of the Ways
and Means Committee held a meeting
to-day at which fifty amendments to
the war revenue bill were agreed to.
These will be offered in the House to
morrow. Many of them are mere ver
j bal amendments, but some are of con
siderable importance. One of these ex
cepts mutual and co-operative life in
surance companies from taxation. The
tax on insurance companies is trans
ferred from the policies to the prem
iums. In this the amendment conforms
to the law of 1866. The tax on marine
and fire insurance companies is ex
tended to cover employers liability as
sociations, title insurance companies,
glass and all other such insurance com
panies, of which many classes have
grown up in the past few years.
Railroad telegraphic messages and all
other leased wire messages are ex
empted by an amendment limiting the
tax on messages "on which the com
panies' charges are to be paid or to
be collected." The tax on chewing gum
I is reduced from 1 cent on a 5-cent pack
age to one-quarter of a cent.
The tax on beer is extended to in
clude beer "stored. The amendment
was deemed necessary to cover beer in
storage. The license of dealers in leaf
tobacco is reduced from $24 to $12 on
those whose sales do not exceed $10,000
per annum and from $48 to $24 on deal
ers whose sales exceed that amount.
The most important amendment was
: one which levies a tax of 1 cent upon
all pay telephone messages costing be
low 25 cents. Vhe original provision ex
empted messages from a distance be
low thirty miles. Tawney of Minnesota
estimates that this amendment, which
will cover all city and suburban busi
ness, will raise $5,000,000.
An Englishman was once persuaded
to see a game of baseball, and during
the play, when he happened to look
away for a moment, a foul tip caught
him on the ear and knocked him sense
less. On coming to himself he asked
faintly: "What was it?" "A foul
only a foul." "Good heavens!" he ex
claimed, "I thought it was a mule."—
Argonaut.
THE PRESIDENT
NOT DISPOSED
TO ANNEXATION
He Prefers at Present to Let the
Senate Decide the Future of
the Hawaiian Islands.
NEW YORK, April 28.— The Washington correspondent of the Her
ald sends the following: At the White House this evening an impor
tant conference was held in the interest of the annexation of the Ha
waiian Islands. The friends of annexation were represented at the
conference by Senator Davis of Minnesota, chairman of the Commit
tee on Foreign Relations; Senator Morgan of Alabama, senior member
of the minority of that committee, and former Secretary' of State
John W. Foster.
This delegation called upon the President by special appointment
and discussed the subject for nearly two hours. They urged the Presi
dent to exercise his executive authority and order the American flag
to be hoisted over the islands. The Hawaiian Government and its rep
resentatives here earnestly advocate the annexation of the islands by
the United States.
President McKinley, while favoring annexation, is not disposed to
take the step suggested without the advice and consent of the Senate.
He would much prefer that the treaty now pending before the Senate
should be ratified. He was assured that in view of the present condi
tion of affairs in the Pacific two-thirds of the Senators would vote for
the treaty. He was also informed that the opponents of annexation in
the Senate are strong enough to delay action for an indefinite period.
While the President recognizes the force of the argument submitted
by the friends of annexation he cannot see his way clear to take the
step proposed. He has no desire to become involved in further inter
national complications, which he fears might result from the forcible
occupation of Hawaii.
The war with Spain Is not being waged for the purpose of acquir
ing additional territory and although the importance of having a base
of supplies at Hawaii is not denied, he prefers to consider the subject
further before rendering his final decision.
SPANIARDS PROFIT
BY RECENT LESSONS.
No-w That They Know the Danger of
Our Guns They Are Strength
ening Defenses.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
CADIZ, April 28.— The Spanish Gov
ernment a little while ago sent an agent
I to Gibraltar to buy up all possible coal.
; This amounted to about 3000 tons from
! three firms, coal being very scarce ow-
I ins to the Welsh strike. The price was
! 42 shillings instead of as usual 22 shil
i lings. The ships of the Campania trans-
Atlantic line are now being hastily got
ready, the Buenos Ayres of 3765 tons
mounting four cannon of 16, four of 12
and two of 9 centimeters, the Joaquin
Pielago of 390 tons mounting two can
non of 9 centimeters and fvo Maxims,
and the Ciudad Cadiz, which is with
the torpedo squadron, is armed with
i four cannon of 12 centimeters, two of
9 centimeters and two quick-firing
J guns. The forts at Rota and San Cata
i line are being strengthened and ne--v
guns are being mounted there. Crowds
of workmen are actively engaged upon
one of the principal forts in the center
of the town. At the edge of tho sen
they are raising earthworks.
TO SEND
FOOD TO
CUBANS.
President McKinley Is De=
termined to Aid the
Starving.
Captain=General Blanco Asked
to Give Permission for the
Red Cross Society to Dis=
tribute Supplies.
NEW YORK, April 28.— The Herald's
"Washington correspondent telegraphs:
President McKinley has not abandoned
his plan of providing relief for the con
centra dos of Cuba. Notwithstanding
the injurious effect, from a military
point of view, -which the shipment of
supplies into Cuba would have, the
President believes that it Is the duty
of the United States to relieve, as much
as possible, the sufferings of the starv
ing Cubans, providing that the Span
ish authorities will permit the distribu
tion of supplies under the direction of
the American Red Cross.
I learned to-night from a high ad
ministration official that the President
has been advised that the steamer City
of Texas, which is loaded v.ith all kinds
of supplies, is awaiting orders al Key
West to proceed to Havana. The ad
ministration plan contemplates. I un
derstand, the dispatch of the vessel to
that port, just as soon as it has been
learned that Captain-General Blanco
will permit a distribution of the sup
plies.
It is possible that the communica
tion which Rear-Admiral Sampson sent
to Captain-General Blanco by the
Spanish officers whom he captured and
subsequently released may have re
ferred to the purpose of the President
to ship supplies into Cuba.
The authorities have not much hope
that Captain General Blanco will ac
cept the proposition of this Govern-
ment, especially as it is coupled with
a statement that the distribution of
supplies must be personally made by
the American Red Cross, but it is felt
that the responsibility of further
deaths among the reconcentrados ■will
then be on his shoulders and not upon'
those of this Government. Should Cap
tain General Blanco permit the en
trance of supplies and then seize them
for the use of his forces, the odium
which would attach to such action
would be sufficient condemnation, the
officials says, of his proceedings, and
would be another ground for withdraw
al by the world of any sympathy It
may feel for Spain.
In case of refusal by Captain General
Blanco to permit the shipment of sup
plies into Cuba, it is proposed by the
President, immediately after the occu
pation of the proposed Cuban base,
which the navy will take, to send food,
medicines and clothing to that point,
and their distribution will be made to
any sufferers who may be reached. It
is expected that the insurgents will aid
in this distribution.
Military officers regret the determin
ation of the President to send supplies
to Cuba. They say that Captain Gen
eral Blanco will permit the entrance of
supplies; that he ■would be a fool if
he did not, and that at least 90 per
cent of them will be secured by the
Spanish. Naturally, they say, the more
food the Spaniards get the longer they
will delay capitulating.
News of the Navy- Yard.
VALLEJO, April 2*.— The cruiser
Charleston is nearly ready to receive
her men and go into commission.
Orders have not yet been received from
"Washington to this effect, but it is be
lieved she will be ready for sea and
service in a few days. She has been
painted the usual dark war color.
"Work on the Yorktown and Phila
delphia is being expedited. Th^ r.>
of men employed at the Mare Ifcland
Navy-yard 1 during the present rush is
17C6. The training-ship Adams went
out of commission to-day. Her officers
and men will go to the Charleston.
On the Sabatis road, near Lewiston.
Me., a family sell small fish for halt
from a well in the dooryard. They
have ceased to use the well rump and
lower a pail when a customer comes
along and bring up a large number of
little shiner?.
The only soap which the Hindoos of the
orthodox type employ is made entirely of
vegetable products. But soap is little
used in India, being- almost an unknown
luxury with the natives. Among every
hundred inhabitants of the country, less
than a shilling's worth of soap is used in
the course of a whole year.
WAKE UP !
HOW MUCH L.ONO*,
** er do you propose
to dream? You feel
yourself becoming
weaker day by day.
Do you propose to do
anything about it, or
do you propose to lie
down and die? You
have your own future
in your own keeping,
and do you really mean
to say that it is pleas-
ant to know that you
are but half a man? 1
If you heard some 0r.91
say that about you on,
the sidewalk you would
Le annoyed— but it'al
the truth. "Why not be
a man? Are you
ashamed to ask help?
A few thousand peo-
ple felt in Just the way
you do. But each onei
of them decided that
it was better to seek
help, if help could be.
had. Do you want to
know who they were?
A --cent stamp will
bring rou a heap of!
circulars and testimo-.
nials telling you all
about "HUDYAN," th»
great remedio -treat-
ment. "HUDYAN" ha*
cured over ten thou-
sand . people. Do you.
Imagine that your casei
Is the worst the world.
has ever seen? Cease-
your fretting. It mat- .
.; ters not as to whether
you have blood, taint,
catarrhal trouble or
kidney disease, a per-
forated liver or a fit of
nervous depression: All
alike are very prompt-
! ly helped by the doc-
tors of the Institute.
\ But you have got to
make . the first effort.
"Why. not make it TO-
DAY? If you want to
continue to be puny,
you certainly can do
so, but any human, be-
ing, if he has his fac-
ulties about him, wants
to
BE A MAN! ]
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,"*
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS SIS.
i ' ©en Franc:ix:oj Col.KEEPING AN
EYE ON ALL
SPAIN'S SHIPS
It Is Said the Oregon Is
Still Lying in the
Straits.
Gun Vessel Temerario Will Be of
Limited Usefulness Unless She
Can Obtain Supplies
of Coal,
VALPARAISO, April 28.— One
of the Santiago papers says the
United States battleship Oregon
and the gunboat Marietta are de
tained at Sandy Point waiting
for coal. Captain Clarke of the
Oregon is expecting a ship loaded
with coal from the United States.
News of the bombardment of
Matanzas has created the
greatest sensation here.
BUENOS AYPvES, April 28.— The ,
Herald's correspondent in Ttio de Ja
neiro irforms me that the official organ
of that city has just published a decree
proclaiming the neutrality of Brazil In
the war between the United States and
Spain.
The Spanish Minister in Montevideo :
after communicating with his home j
rnment has stated that Spain can- j
not accept ..-neral Flores' offer to or
F.-ir.i?.- a corps In Uruguay, because
ry laws prohibit it.
The Spanish torpedo gun vessel Tern- j
erarto has entered Port La Plata, and j
is anchored there awaiting orders.
NEW YORK. April 2S.—The Her
a'.'ls Washington correspondent tele-
Another day has passed and i
the Spanish fleet at St. Vincent re-!
mains at its anchorage. Information
has reached Washington that it has
receh -.and its departure Is j
rtain within the next \
jr-four hours.
!:tl confirmation is given to the
Herald's exclusive announcement this
:' the operations of the Span
iel toi Beet in the vicinity of Gib
raltar on the watch for American
yachts. which are desired as prizes. !
When the Spanish fleet sails from St.
Vincent this Government will have to
depend upon its scouts for informa
tion of its whereabouts, and cable com- j
munication as to its position will be j
impossible, provided it proceeds to the I
TEN VICTIMS
LAID AT REST
Funeral Services Over the
Remainsof Those Killed
by the Explosion.
Many of the Residents of Santa
Cruz Attend the Pathetic
Obsequies.
Caskets Buried Beneath Floral Trib
utes During the Services «t
the Armory.
Special D'.ppatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, April 28.— Santa Cruz
has to-day been a community of mourn-
Never in its history has it been
called "n to perform such a sorrowful
duty as to-day. This afternoon the
town has been as quiet as Sunday and
every business house was closed. Flags
were at half-mast over all the build
ings. Fri'm the undertaking parlors
the bodies of tf-n victims of the pow
der explosion— the bodies of Ernest
Marshall, Luther William Marshall.
Henry Clay Butler. Benjamin Josi
Charles A. Cole, Charles Miller, James
Millar, Ernest Jennings, and the two
unknown men — were taken to the ar
mory, where public funeral services
were held. The ten caskets were
1 in a row in front of the plat
form and the loving hands ut friends
placed floral tributes and buried the
caskets of all with blossoms.
The long platform at the end of the
hall was banked with callas by hun
dreds, roses and other flowers in abun
dance. The reading desk was a mass
of blossoms, but beneath all this it was
a sad sight to witness. At 2 o'clock,
when the services commenced, the ar
mory, the largest buiiding in the town,
was crowded with at least 2000 people.
Although the front seats were reserved
fur the many mourners, it seemed that
the entire populace were mourners,
even the strongest-hearted giving way
to their feelings. The pall-bearers and
employes of the California Powder
Works were occupants of the front
scats across the aisle from the mourn
ers.
Seated on the platform were the j
clergy— Rev. H. M.-Namee of the Cath- I
olic church. Rev. C. O. Tillotson of Cal
vary Episcop&l Church, Rev. E. Hay
den of the First Baptist church and I
Rev. Thomas Filben of the Methodist |
church. The choir was composed of
member* from the choirs of the Cath
olic, Episcopal, Baptist and Methodist
churches. The Impressive services
were opened with the hymn "Sweet
Peace, Gift of God's Love" by the choir. I
Rev. Father McNamee then spoke very
appropriately and read the solemn
prayers for the dead according to the
ritual of the Catholic church.
Rev. Thomas Filben then, in a few j
words, gave a brief biographical sketch i
of the life of each of the known de
ceased. The impressive Episcopal bu
rial service was read by Rev. C. O.
Tillotson from the fifteenth chapter of
St. Paul's letter to the Corinthians.
Rev. E. H. Hayden of the First Bap
tist Church offered prayer, and closed
with the Lord's prayer, repeated in con
cert. "Wait and Murmur Not" was
sung by the choir. Rev. E. H. Hayden
Canary Islands, if that point be Its pros
pective destination.
In view of the prospective departure
of the Spanish fleet from St. Vincent,
the authorities are also hopeful that it
will not molest the Oregon and Mari
etta, hut they appreciate that the
Spanish plan of campaign may iigure
upon the destruction of the American
battleship and her consort by armored
cruisers at Cape Verde Islands. The
War Board has been carefully consider
ing the safety of the Oregon, and the
department will cable instruction to
Captain Clarke, commanding: the battle
ship, in line with the recommendation
which it will make.
According to Information received by
the Navy Department the torpedo-boat
destroyers and torpedo boats which are
operating in the vicinity of Gibraltar
are the destroyers Destructor, Pluton
and Propperina and the torpedo boats
Barcelo, Habana and Halcon. None of
these vessels has any extensive steam
ing radius, so that it will be impossible
for them to enter the Mediterranean
Sea or to steam to. sea for any distance.
Concerning the Temerario, the Navy
Department officials are puzzled.
Forced to move by Argentine's procla
mation of neutrality, official advices
state that the torpedo gun vessel left
Buenos Ayres this morning. Dispatches
to the Herald state that she put in at
the port of La Plata, a few miles down
the river. It is the expectation of the
officials that Spain will keep the Tem
erario in South American waters as
long as it is possible for her to obtain
coal, for the purpose of picking up any
American vessels that she may meet.
There are a number of American
steamers, shins and schooners plying
in South American waters and it would
be an easy matter for the Temerario
to capture them. As her coal supply
will soon be exhausted, however, she
will have to depend upon the neu •ality
charity of Argentine, Uruguay and
Brazil to obtain fuel, and her usefulness
in her present cruising grounds will
eonsquently be limited.
and Rev. Thomas Filben each made an
impressive address. The service then
closed with the sinking: "Nearer My
God to Thee" by the choir.
The funeral procession was then
formed. Two hearses and three
■wagons carried the dead to the last
resting place. The pallbearers were
all chosen from employes of the powder
works. The cortege was preceded by
the Odd Fellows, the Percy Webber
Society and employes of the California
Powder Works. The funeral proces
sion was the largest ever held in Santa
Cruz, there being over 200 carriages.
During the journey to the cemetery the
bells of the churches tolled a solemn
funeral dirge.
At the cemetery nearly the whole
city's population gathered. The ten
bodies were placed side by side. The
choir sang "Nearer My God to Thee "
The service for the dead was read by
Rev. C. O. Tillotson. The Odd Fel
lows' service was read for the late
member, Charles A. Cole, and the bene
diction was pronounced by Rev.
Thomas Filben.
AN AGREEMENT ON
THE NAVAL BILL
Conferees of I"Duse and Senate Will
Now Report the Appropriation
Measure.
WASHINGTON, April 28.— The con
ferees of the two houses reached an
agreement on the naval appropriation
bill before adjourning to-night. All the
Senate increase in the way of moni
tors and torpedo boats were adopted.
These increases included four monitors
at $1,250,000, and sixteen instead of
twelve torpedo boat destroyers. All the
other important additions made by the
Senate are retained. The language in
regard to the enlistment of seamen was
changed so as to provide for 1000 more
marines. A provision was inserted giv
ing the Secretary of the Navy author
ity to enlist volunteers up to the rank
of commander. This was done so that
the department could avail itself of the
service of the officers of the American
liners chartered by the Government.
The conference will report to-morrow.
WILL HOLD THE
LARGEST WARSHIPS.
Welcome Official Information Re
ceived by the Navy Department
From the Port Boyal Dock.
WASHINGTON, April 28.— The Port
Royal drydock, according to welcome
official information, will be accessible
to our warships, even the biggest in the
fleet, should they meet with accident
during the campaign. The report from
the constructor in charge shows that
the entrance to the dock is now dredged
and clear. The work of dredging the
basin is still in progress, and while this
is not absolutely necessary it is ex
tremely desirable in order to insure the
safety of the ships. in docking, and the
department is endeavoring to hasten
the contractors in their work. They
estimate that about fifteen days more
will suffice to complete it.
AN ENGLISH VIEW
OF THE BOMBARDMENT.
It Is Believed That American Troops
Will Make Matanzas a Base of
Operations in Cuba.
LONDON. April 28.— The bombard
ment of Matanzas fortifications is re
garded here as a preliminary to the
landing of American troops and making
Matanzas the base of American ope
rations in Cuba. It is also supposed
that Real-Admiral Sampson desired to
judge the quality of the Spanish gun
ners and to give his men something
to do to relieve the weariness.
Bead about Famous Bombardments
in next Sunday's Call*
THE SA^ FHAXCTSCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 29, 1898.
VIEW OF THE HARBOR OF MATANZAS,
Showing the positions of the city and the several forts and batteries guarding the approaches thereto which
were silenced by the New York, Cincinnati and Puritan on Wednesday last.
FACE TO FACE IN THE CHINA SEA.
Comparative Strength of the American and Span
ish Squadrons Soon to Meet off the
Philippines.
AMERICAN SQUADRON'-
Dewey.
nami:.
Battery.
Commanding Officer.
Olympia
Baltimore
Raleigh
Boston
Concord
Cr.
Cr.
Cr.
Cr.
G. B.
G. R
R. C.
5.870
4.413
3.213
3,000
1.710
892
1.280
n
20
19
15
1C
13
17
4 S-lnch. 10 5-lnch raptd-flre; 14 6-poun.lers [Captain C. V. Grldley.
4 8-inch, 6 6-inch, 4 6-pounders, 2 3-pounders. . (Captain N. M. Dwyer.
1 6-inch, 10 f.-lnch rapld-ftre; 8 6-pounders Captain J. B. Coghlan.
2 6 6-inch, 2 S-pounders, 2 3> pounders.. Captain B. 1". LambertoD.
'5 6-inch, i' 8-pounders, 2 3-pounders Commander Asa Walker.
4 C-inch! 2 3-poumlPrs ; (Commander E. P. Wood.
4 6-pouncier qnlck-flrlng (Captain D. B. Hodgßon.
[VtrW
Hugh McCulloeh
The American squadron has the
y-tom <",-pounders and nine 3-pour
1 3-pounders.
and heaviest armament, aggregating ten 8-inch, twenty-three fi-lnch. twenty 5-inch
The Spanish fleet carries eight 6.2-inch, seven 5.9-inch, twenty-seven 4.7-inch and t\
SPANISH SqUADßON— Admiral Montljo.
NAME.
Tons.
Speed. !
Battery.
Commanding Officer.
Reina Cristina
Camilla (
l>on Antonio de U110a..:
Don Juan de Austria..:
Isla de Cuba |
Isla de Luzon I
Velasco j
Cr. 3,520
Cr. ( 3.342
G. B. 1.13H
G. B. 1.130
G. B. 1.030
G. B. 1.030
G. B. 1,152
G. B. 524
G. B. 524
G. B. 500
I G. B. MO
T. B. 1,900
T. B. I 1,200
T. B. I 532
17 5|6 6 2-inch 3 2.7-inrh. 3 2.2-inch quick-flrlng ICaptatn L. ("adarzo.
14 UT. flinch 2 4.7-Inch. 2 3.3-inch. 4 2.9-inch [Captain A. Martin de Ollva,
14 '4 4.7-inch, 2 2.7-inch i Commander E. Roblon.
14 U 4 7-inch 3 2 2-inch quick-firing i Commander J. de la Concha.
16 14 4 7-inch, 4 8-pounders. quick-firing (Commander D. Rpgalado.
16 14 4 7-inch 4 6-pounders, quick-ttring '.Commander P. Barreto.
14 3 13 5 9-Inch. 2 2.7-inch Commander P. Reboul.
115 13 4 7-lnch [Lieutenant Commander F. Escudero.
11 '2 !4 7-inch, 1 2.5-in<h Lieutenant Commander R. Benaventa.
10 >1 6 2-inch 2 4.7-inch ?m<*>th bore 'Lieutenant Commander S. Morena de Guerra.
10 1 6 2-Inch', 2 4!"-lnch smooth bore (Commander R. Cabezas.
Lieutenant Commander J. J. Ozamis.
\/_ Captain R. Rodriguez Trujillo.
;"!"!!!!!." Lieutenant A. Barrera.
Elcano j
General Lezo... i
Marques del Duero i
Argrvs ..'
Manila
General Alava »...
Cebu
The two first are cruisers, all the others, except the three la.«t-vshlch are transports— are jruntxiats. I tie Lastllla 13 built or wood,
launched In 1891 The transports are of little Importance as vessels of war, having neither speed nor armament requisite for that pur
pose All the gunboats are from 11 to 17 years old, only the 16 and 14 knot boats being worth anything. , • .
Abbreviations: Cr., cruiser; O. 8.. gunboat; R. C, revenue cutter: T - P., transports. •
SESSIONS OF
GRAND PARLOR
Plenty of Pleasure, but
Very Little Business
Transacted.
Native Sons Pay Visits to the
Famous Mines at Grass
Valley.
Native Daughters Entertain and Pre
sant Visitors With Beautiful
Quarts as a Souvenir.
Special Disriateh to The Pall.
NEVADA CITY, April 28.— Very littlfi
business was transacted by the Grand
Parlor of the Native Sons to-day, the
greater part of the day being devoted
by visiting delegates and their friends
to sightseeing. The honor of acting as
entertainers was divided between Grass
Valley and Nevada City, it being the
wish of the citizens of the first named
I town to be given the opportunity to
; act as hosts for at least one day.
State Senator Prisk of Grass Valley,
assisted by John Caughlin and others,
took charge of the party that left here
in the morning for Grass Valley and
were chiefly instrumental in providing
for the visitors the most enjoyable day
of the present session. Arrived at Grass
Valley the visitors were treated to a
sumptuous luncheon at the principal
hotel, after which they were escorted
to carriages and driven to the Massa
chusetts Hill mine, said to be the larg
est and best equipped mining property
in the State.
A visit was made to the extensive
underground workings of the mine, and
then the visitors were shown through
the mill where forty stamps are kept
g'.ir.g night and day crushing the rock
as it comes from the workings far
under ground. Many of the Native
Sons remained in Grass Valley during
the evening to participate in the cere
monies attending the initiation of can
didates for the Argonaut dj^ree of the
order.
Those of the visitors who remained in
this city were taken for a drive to the
National mine and the Delaware mine,
a short distance from the city. All who
desired were permitted to visit the
underground workings before return
! ing to the city for dinner.
At this morning's session of the
Grand Parlor quite a spirited contro
versy was precipitated by the effort of
some of the delegates of the San Fran
i cisco parlors to hold a caucus, having
I for its object the selection of two can
didates for the office of grand trustee.
There are several candidates from San
Francisco parlors and much rivalry has
been the result.
The promoters of the caucus scheme
invited to the conference one delegate
from each of the city parlors, an ac
! tion that at once brought about a vio
lent protest from those delegates who
had not been asked to Join the caucus.
I The result was that the only object
I attained was the revival of the old
I spirit of antagonism between city and
country delegates. As the situation
now stands there is every prospect of
a division on these lines when the vote
is cast for grand officers to-morrow,
and if some -sort of a truce is not de
clared in the meantime the contest will
be lively.
Hereafter the sessions of the Grand
Parlor will not extend beyond four days
instead of five days, as has been the
practice for a dozen years or more.
At to-day's session it was declared to
be the sense of the Grand Parlor that in
future the entertainment programme
provided by the Native Sons and citi
zens of the town where the session of
the body Is to be held be so arranged
that the business of the parlor may be
concluded in four days. This under
standing will be heeded by the Native
Sons of Salinas, where the next Grand
Parlor will be held.
This evening the Native Daughters
of Laurel Parlor gave a reception and
entertainment to visiting Native Sons
at Armory Hall. A pleasing feature
of the entertainment was the presenta
tion tn each visitor of a beautiful speci
men of gold quartz as a souvenir of
their stay in the richest mining county
in the State.
To-morrow will be the closing day of
the session. The election of grand of
ficers to serve during the ensuing yenr
will occur. This will be followed in the
evening by a grand farewell banquet
at Armory Hall.
BUILDING IN SAN RAFAEL.
Large Brick Block to Be Erected
at Fourth and B Streets.
SAN RAFAEL, April 2S.— The south
west corner of Fourth and B streets, con
sidered by local real estate men the most
desirable piece of business property in
town, has been, purchased from William
H. Jewell by George P. McNear of Peta
luma, nephew of George W. ICcNear, the
grain merchant. The property has a
frontage on Fourth street of ninety-four
feet and on B street of 150 f-et. The price
is withheld, but is understood to be fair.
On the location at present is a livery
stable, which will soon give place to a
two-story brick building, with offices
above and stores below. All the brick
used will be brought from San Pedro.
TERRIBLY INJURED
BY STELL HOOKS
B. T. Wilson of Red Bluff Is
the Victim of a Peculiar
Accident.
Appliances Used for Snaking Logs
Break, and Fearfully Lacerate
His Fnco.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, April 2S.— B. T. Wilson, a
resident of Red Bluff, had his face fright
fully mangled "Wednesday afternoon
while at work in the woods near the
Terry saw mills in the vicinity of Mont
gomery Creek. With a crew of eight men
Wilson was at work building a logging
chute. A steel cable and a donkey engine
were used to snake logs to the line of
the chute. Heavy steel hooks on the end
of the cable were fastened into a log
that was being drawn toward the chute.
When the cable was drawn taut the hooks
broke and flow backward toward the en
gine, one of them striking Wilson on the
right side of his face, just below the
rhctk bone. His upper jaw was terribly
fractured, brokpn bones protruding mi his,
mouth for fully three inclns. His face
was otherwise frightfully lacerated and
bruised, turning livid within a few minutes.
The unfortunate man was taken to this
city, and as he was anxious to reach
Home before submitting to a surgical
operation, he was taken to Red Bluff on
this morning's local train. It is feared
that he will not survive his injuries. Wil
son is a prominent member of the Odd
Fellows' lodge at Red Bluff, and will be
cared for by the order.
WILL NOT HOLD
THE ROSE CARNIVAL
San Rafael Adheres to the Decision
That Owing to the War Festivi
ties Must Be Abandoned.
SAN RAFAEL, April 2S.— The expected
has happened. San Rafael's rose carni
val has been abandoned. At the meeting
of the executive committee of the Ten
Thousand Club to-night T. H. Rush, who
made offensive remarks at the last meet
ing, was requested to resign as secre
tary. He refused to do so and was re
moved. George T... Richards was ap
pointed In his place.
Director-General Newhall reported that
50 per cent of the money collected for the
carnival could be returned to subscribers.
After some further discussion it was de
cided to return the money and abandon
the carnival for the reason stated at the
last meeting— war time not being a proper
season for festivities.
TONNAGE TAX
ON SHIPPING
The Owners of Foreign
Vessels Will Be the
Sufferers.
Will Cost Twenty Cents a Ton
Every Time They Enter
a Port.
Effect May Bo to Divert Trade to the
Canadian Seaboard
Cities.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 28.
Foreign Governments, through their
representatives in Washington, are be
ginning to show much concern over that
feature of the war tariff bill now before
Congress which increases the tonnage
tax on transatlantic shipping to 20
cents a ton. It is said this increase is
about 800 per cent, the present rate be
ing about 3 cents per ton, and that
nearly the entire burden of the 800 per
cent falls upon the transatlantic ship
ping of Great Britain, Germany,
France and one or two other commer
cial nations. A leading diplomat stated
to-day that, roughly speaking, the At
lantic trade was carried on by about
100 American steamships and about
4000 British, French, German and other
foreign steamships; also, that the
heavy tonnage tax would be practically
insignificant as against American
steamships, while it would be very
onerous against foreign shipping.
A transatlantic liner of 10,000 tons,
he said, would pay 20 cents per ton, or
$2000 every time it entered an American
port Thus far, however, no official ac
tion has been taken on the subject by
foreign nations, and it does not seem
likely that such official action is pos
sible, as the heavy-tonnage tax is a
war expedient which foreign ships
must bear so long as they use Ameri
can ports. There are intimations, how
ever, that it may have the effect of
diverting shipping away from the
American ports to Halifax, Montreal
and other Canadian ports.
In other respects the war tariff bill
attracts little attention in foreign coun
tries, as the main increase of taxation
is on articles of domestic consumption,
while duties on foreign imports re
main practically unchanged.
NAVAL OFFICIALS
FEAR A DISASTER
No News Received of the Transport
Panther and the Cruiser
Montgomery.
NORFOLK, Va., April 28.— N0 news
of the transport Panther and the
cruiser Montgomery have been received
here. Officials at the navy-yard fear
disaster if the ships were delayed on
the Hatteras coast, but the most ex
perienced navigators unite in saying
that they ought to have gotten well
out to sea before meeting the storm.
Run on Spanish Banks.
LONDON, April 29.— A dispatch to
the Financial News from Madrid says:
The run on the provincial branches of
the Bank of Spain continues. It is
supposed to be a plot by American
bankers to ruin Spanish credit. In
some towns the students and mobs have
prevented the public entering the bank
ing houses to change the notes. Senor
Puigceiver, the Minister of Finance,
says he is confident of being able to
provide the resources necessary.
PROVIDING
THE SINEWS
OF WARFARE
Repeal of Limitations Upon
Purchase of Quarter
masters' Supplies.
Members of the House Support
the War Revenue Bill to
Supply "Men, Bullets
and Cash."
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 28.
Before the debate upon the war reve
nue bill was resumed in the House to
day an urgency war measure was
passed by unanimous consent to repeal
the limitations upon the purchase of
quartermasters' supplies -» .ri..g the ex
isting war with Spain.
Payne (R.) of New York, a member
of the Ways and Means Committee,
was the first speaker on the war reve
nue bill to-day.
In the course of his remarks Payne
said that in dit iplined armies and sea
soned soldiers SDain at present had the
advantage, and that it was therefore
the part of prudence to supply the Gov
ernment ..iti all the pecuniary moans
necessary to recruit and prepare our
army for the field. He combated the
opinion of Sayers that $300,000,000 would
be sufficient. Our war preparations
were costing $25,000,000 a month. With
armies in the field the expenditure
would be much greater.
Wheeler (D.) of Alabama, a member
of the committee, announced his oppo
sition to the bond provision, but said
if it was not stricken out he would feel
impelled to vote for the measure.
Dockery (D.) of Missouri discussed
the condition of the treasury. He ob
jected to the leaders of the majority
side picturing to the country a bank
rupt treasury in order to lay a founda
tion for bond issues.
Dalzell (R.) of Pennsylvania, in sup- j
port of the bill said that the loans pro- i
posed to be floated by the pending bill
could not be avoided. He regarded the
bond provision of the bill as its most j
beneficient feature.
McMlllin (D.) of Tennessee criticized
some of the internal revenue features
of the bill as especially onerous upon
the poor, and argrued that the wealth
of the country sl.ould bear a greater
proportion of the war taxes. He quoted
Secretary Gage as saying that $500,000,
000 was sufficient to prosecute the war.
As there were now in the treasury
5200,000,000 he contended that a bond
authorization was unnecessary.
Hopkins (R.) of Illinois commended
the bill as the best that c0..1d be framed
to raise extraordinary revenues. Over
$55,000,000 would be obtaineu from beer
and tobacco, articles of voluntary con
sumption. The remainder would come
from tonnage taxation and from the
stamp tax. ** nioh would fall mainly
upon the classes able to pay. The bond
feature of the bill had been urged, he
said, by the patriotic administration
which was to prosecute the war. He
derided the income tax proposition of
the minority and was especially caustic
in his criticism of the proposition to
issue $58,000,000 of greenbacks. In one
year of the civil war the greenbacks
had cost the Government $300,000,000.
FORECLOSURE
PROCEEDINGS
Griggs Will Soon Begin
a Suit Against the
Central Pacific.
Now the New Attorney-Gen
eral Intends to Collect the
Money Due Uncle Sam.
So Beforo the War Is Over th«
Treasury May Be Augmented by
About Sixty Millions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 28.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent says: Ef
forts to secure a postponement of the
foreclosure proceedings against the
Central Pacific Railroad will not avail.
Attorney General Griggs assured me
this afternoon that he was giving the
subject his earnest attention, and that
within less than a week a Government
attorney for instituting necessary
proceedings will be appointed and re
commendations made to- the court for
the appointment of a receiver.
But for the extraordinary amount of
work devolving upon him in connection
with the pending war the Attorney
General would have acted before this.
He now has all the papers before him
and hopes to complete a case for the
action of the courts by the first of next
month. He has decided upon the per
son who will be selected to represent
the Government, but he is npt yet pre
pared officially to announce the ap
pointment.
There has been some hope among
Congressional advocates of refunding
the Central Pacific debt that the bill
now pending in the Senate providing on
its face for the sale of the road by a
commission could be passed during the
present session. The opponents of this
scheme, however, declare that the bill
in question would practically give the
commissioners power to refund the debt
and might leave the Government in no
better position than would the passage
of a straight refunding bill by Con
gress.
Senators Morgan, White and Harris
and Representative Maguire and other
opponents of the refunding scheme are
determined that the bill pending in the
Senate shall not be acted upon, and in
view of the promptness in which the
Attorney General intends to move there
is every reason to believe that the re
sources of the Government will soon be
augmented by nearly $60,000,000 derived
I Mann (R.) of Illinois made a brief
speech in support of the bill.
McClelland (D.) of New York, a
member of the Ways and Means Com-
I mittee, said that the great mistake
j that we always made in the past when
I confronted by war had been to under
! estimate the magnitude of the task be
j fore us.
Henderson (R.) of lowa made an elo
quent appeal to the members to lay
aside party politics and give cash with
out reserve to the Government to pros
ecute the war. He had believed that
there would be no war, but it had come.
He despised war. but the chief exeeu
| tive had unfurled the flag, and all his
! brain and heart and energy should go
jto its support. Thus far politics had
! been kept to the rear. Together both
I sides had declared war and rallied the
i young men of the country.
"Let us not," said he, "hurl them
I into the ranks of battle and the jaws
I of death with the sound of dissensions
| ringing in their ears. I care not how
I we provide the sinews of war, so that
: they are the least burdensome. But
taxation there must be. This step
we have taken has already cut down
i our revenues. All our estimates are
I gone. We need men, bullets and cash.
! Let us move up like brothers. Let there
be no this side, nor that side, no Re
publicans, no Democrats. Let us fold
up our campaign speeches and back
up the steps we have taken by giving
; cash without reserve." (Applause).
Representatives Lovering of Massa
; chusetts and Russell and Sperry of
! Connecticut also spoke. Lanaham
j of Texas said he had no serious ob
! jection to offer to the excise feature
| of the bill, but that the income tax
I and the internal revenue tax would
! provide sufficient revenue for all prac
! tical purposes. Representative Evans
I of Kentucky and Fitzgerald of Massa*
: chusetts, the latter making a strong de
! fense of the income tax provisions pro
| posed by the minority, also spoke.
Representative Sherman moved that
i when the House adjourned at to-night's
session it be to meet at 10 o'clock,
which was agreed to.
The committee then rose and at 5:40
i o'clock took a recess until 8 o'clock.
The night session was occupied by
i brief speeches, many of them mere
1 pegs upon which members, under the
I leave to print, could hang speeches in
i the Congressional Record. Those who
spoke were: Norton (D.) of Ohio,
i Howe (R.) of New York, Linney (R.)
I of North Carolina, Little CD.) of Ar
; kansas. Rea CD.) of Kentucky, Gunn
] (D.) of Idaho. Sayers (D.) of Texas,
Southwick (R.) of New York. Robin
! son (D.) of Indiana, Vincent (Pop.) of
Kansas, Crumpacker (R.) of Indiana,
Kitchen (D.) of North Carolina. Coch
i rane (D.) of Missouri. Sparkman (D.)
'■ of Florida, Bodkin (Pop.) of Kansas,
'■ Burke (D.) of Texas, and Simpson
j (Pop.) of Kansas. At 10:30 p. m. the
I House recessed until 10 o'clock to-mor
| row morning.
from the sale of the Central Pacific
Railroad.
Y/ASHINGTON. April 28.— The Eng
lish stockholders of the Central Pacific
Railroad Company, through their New-
York attorney, have written Represent
ative Maguire and placed in his hands
a number of documents to be used in
pressing the foreclosure of the Gov
ernment's lien on the railroad, stating
that they see no way of protecting their
interests except by co-operating with
the Government in forcing the fore
closure of its mortgage anC the sale
of the property. They state that upon
foreclosure sale the road would bring
a sufficient price to pay the entire
Government lien and the first mort
gage, and assert that hundreds of thou
sands of dollars are being improperly
disbursed that should go primarily to
satisfy the Government claim and leave
a considerable margin for the stock
holders. They suggest their willing
ness to purchase the property for
enough to pay the Government claim,
if no other bidder can be found to pur
chase the property for what they think
it is worth.
Attorney-General Griggs in a letter
dated March 21, 189 S. said: "I have
been engaged for several weeks in pre
paring- to file a bill for the foreclosure
of the Government's lien on this prop
erty, and shall proceed to do so as soon
as I can make the necessary' arrange
ments and prepare the case."
In a letter dated March 31 he said:
"The subject is under way, and as soon
as I am able to confer with the Presi
dent with reference to the choice of
counsel the preparation of the case will
be expedited/]
BLANCO REPORTS
A WARSHIP AGROUND.
Says One of Sampson's Fleet Is in
Trouble, but the Story Is Not
Confirmed.
MADRID, April 2S.— An official dis
patch from General Blanco says:
"Part of the enemy's squadron has
gone eastward. One of the American
ironclads has grounded opposite Dimas,
province of Pinar del Rio, and three
other ships are working to float her.
Spanish volunteers are watching on
shore."
A dispatch to El Imparcial from Ha
vana says the insurgents attacked
Artemisa, Pinar del Rio province, but
were repulsed.
WASHINGTON. April 28.— N0 infor
mation of the grounding of one of our
warships was received either by the
President or the Secretary of the Navy
to-night, and so far as could be learned
no such dispatch reached the Navy De
partment. An examination of the best
Cuban map in the War Department
fails to show any point on the coast
called Dimas, the nearest approach to
it being Point Diamente, on the north
ern coast of Pinar del Rio province, a
short distance west of Havana and in
the blockaded zone. No advices from
Captain Sampson regarding the bom
bardment of Matanzas were received
up to a late hour.
First photographs of the recent
eclipse in India taken by members of
the Chabot Observatory, in next Sun*
day's Call.
56
FRIDAY .APRIL ' 29, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stmnion Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE RAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month ■
66 cents. '
THE WEEKLY CALL ......On« year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
MEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative..
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE RI&&S House
C. C. CARLTOM, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 287 Hayes street, ODen until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larl^ln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "The Purser."
Columbia— "The Nancy Hanks."
California— " Trilby." ;'",*
Alcazar— "The Gay Parisians "
Morosco's— "The Wleklow Postman."
TlTOll— "Slnbad the Sailor."
Orpheum— Vaudeville^
Sherman, Clay Hall — Pa lonia Schramm, matinee to-day.
Sherman. Clay Hall— Concert to-night.
The Chutes — Zoo, Vaudeville, and "African Lion Hunt"
Olympia— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Cooper Medical College — Lane Lectures.
Sutro Bathe — Swimming.
El Catnpo— Music dancin? boating, fishing, every Sunday,
Pacific Coast JocKey Cluo, Ingleside— Races to-day.
Excursion to Santa Cruz MonntalnH, Saturday, April 30. _
AUCTION SALES.
B.t N. E. Clark-Thls day, April 29, Turkish Ruffs, at 106
Grant avenue at ~i o'clock.
By Frank W. Butterfleld-Thls day, April 2U. Furniture at
608 Turk striM't. at I o'clock.
THE EXAMINER AS A LARCENIST.
IT is neither in anger, sorrow nor surprise we call
attention to the fact that the Examiner has once
more been indulging its larcenous tendency. To
be explicit, it has been stealing again. This has come
to be expected. The Call as a public journal feels
bound to record the circumstance just as it chronicles
an instance of burglary, the picking of a pocket or the
latest confidence exploit of a Soapy Smith. The Ex
aminer is the Soapy Smith of journalism.
Yesterday The Call was enabled, through its un
equaled news facilities, to print a full and particu
larly graphic account of the storming of Matanzas.
Arrangements were perfected long ago whereby
every phase of possible battle was to be covered by
the Call-Herald service. Trained correspondents
were dispatched to all available points, tugs and
ocean-going steamers chartered, and the question of
cost permitted in no measure to hamper the com
pleteness of the plan. From a Call-Herald boat cor
respondents witnessed the action off Matanzas. No
other papers had risen to the occasion. The journal
istic world was beaten by The Call-Herald combina
tion. It has been beaten from the firsL There is
reason to suppose that in the future this combination
will continue to show other papers the way. And all
the matter is copyrighted, which adds to the theft
an element of danger. But the Examiner had only
one way to get it. This was by waiting for The Call
to appear, securing an early copy and clipping out
the story. So it was done. The enterprise which
rises to the height of the deliberate expenditure of
5 cents to get the news should not be passed un
noticed. It naturally interests the public; it ought
to interest the police.
Of course the necessity for waiting for its war news
until able to steal it delayed the i = sue somewhat, and
the Examiner with its booty was not on the street
before The Call had satisfied the demand for the la
test information from the front. The belated larcenist
also missed the mails, an incident for which the peo
ple in outside towns have reason to feel grateful but
probably will not.
The position of the Examiner is little less than
pathetic. Long had it clamored for war. Then The
Call scooped it on the explosion of the Maine, while
thellrrald treatedthe Journal the sameway. Forwceks
its editorial room ran ankle deep with bright red
gore. Indeed, occasional splotches of this same gore
have appeared in the paper, labeled as scenes by
special artists. Yet when war actually began in
acquiescence to the demand of the Examiner, that
paper was not there, and could only by the exercise
of its justly celebrated dishonesty form connection
with any one who had been there.
With all its practice the Examiner ought to be less
bungling in method. It ought not, for instance, have
dated its stolen matter from Chicago, when no Chi
cago paper had it. However, it had the judgment
to steal good stuff. We cheerfully give the devil his
due, and to his visible agents on earth extend a sim
ilar courtesy.
The story of the storming of Matanzas as presented
in The Call of yesterday was a graphic portrayal of
the first real action in a war upon which the interest
of the world is now centered. It is also notable in
that there was no other paper having it except the
Herald of Xew York. It is true that other papers
by holding back their forms managed to print tardy
and mutilated accounts of the engagement, but the
fact that they had stolen from The Call-Herald serv
ice was apparent. The publication of an exclusive
story was a striking triumph here. It was even
greater in Xew York, for the Herald is supposed to
have rivals.
An evening paper sets forth that big type does not
make news. In the same issue it has as a headline
the word "Battle" in type three and a half inches
high, so placed (hat when the paper is folded there
is little else visible. And there had been no battle at
the time of the issue. Verily, while big type does not
make news it can make a bluff.
Admiral Sampson's men have been remembering
the Maine. If they got ioo Spaniards they made a
very good start. But it will require 166 more to
square the account. Then the interest must be ex
acted also.
Bunko men who boast of a pull with the Police
Courts are inconsiderate. The least they could do in
decency would be to quietly enjoy the pull without
boasting, as this draws attention to a Police Judge,
who is prone to avoid notoriety.
The brand of neutrality Portugal is displaying
s«e"u to have been cut bias.
THE WAR OUTLOOK.
r\ MERICANS do not misunderstand the situa
/ \ tion and its responsibilities. Other nations are
in a condition of waiting anxiety. The strug
gle may soon broaden and we should prepare for it as
if intending to fight it out alone. Hostility of the
Continental nations is to be expected, and if Spain
had their respect she would not lack allies from the
beginning.
One feature is of deep significance. The South and
Central American nations are silent. It was reason
able to expect from their people evidences of en
thusiastic sympathy. They all owe much to the
United States. They have not turned to us in vain
heretofore for friendship in the complications com
mon to their turbulent and truculent people. We
guaranteed Nicaragua in the Corinto affair. The
Monroe doctrine delivered Mexico from Maximil
ian. We lifted Venezuela out of a difficulty with Eng
land of sixty years' standing. We supported the con
stitutional government of Brazil against the re
actionists of 1894. We have offered them a profitable
market on terms fairly reciprocal, and American cap
ital and enterprise have developed their resources and
energized their industries. Yet they are silent while
we mass our battalions and squadrons to ex
pel from the hemisphere that Government against
which the most of them rebelled. Later on
they will see more clearly the stake they
have in our success. Granting that we, as the
Primate of this hemisphere, have challenged every
power but one in the other, our purpose is not to add
a rood to our territory nor a dollar to our treasury.
We win for the elevation of government and its
higher adaptation to the happiness of the governed.
But suppose the struggle rises to a duel with Conti
nental Europe, can our American neighbors maintain
a silent indifference? If in such a struggle we fail,
every national frontier from the Rio Grande to the
Straits of Magellan is in danger of European invasion
and every national standard from Mexico to the Ar
gentines may be summoned to surrender.
It is no strained forecast of such a possibility to see
that within five years the Continental allies may be
treating with each other for a partition of Central and
South America, and the political geography of this
hemisphere will undergo changes as acute as have
taken place in Europe within the last two centuries.
We hold to these countries south of us the same
relation that England held to the Continent during
the menace of Napoleon's career. When his shadow
was cast from the Skager Rack to the Pyramids the
German, Latin and Russian peoples had to turn to
the Anglo-Saxons of the British Isles to protect their
autonomy and break the Corsican's scheme of uni
versal empire. They had no time to consider the
prejudices of race or religion. Self-preservation
sponged out all such issues. Americans are now
sneered at in the Continental press as dollar worship
ers. So Napoleon sneered at the British people as a
nation of shopkeepers. These epithets only mean
that the two nations by law so protect person and
property rights that their people thrive.
There is a wide difference between a people who
fight to protect the winnings of their industry pro
moted by their government and one that fights simply
to change the angles of its misery and distress. Men
get dollars and have the profits of trade and shbp
keeping only where they are the least hindered by bad
government. The countries in which such men are
found are continually enriched and strengthened by
the immigration of the enterprising from lands where
fortune and enterprise will never be pointed to as a
reproach, for they do not exist.
Spain is an illustration of the decay of a people who
stew in their own juice — of a land that attracts no
immigration.
Our South American neighbors will learn in good
time that they have national existence only because
the United States are planted here, and that if our flag
had not been in the sky theirs would never have been
given to the breeze.
The American spirit rises as the scene is disclosed.
Suddenly embarked in the most majestic military en
terprise in history, made so, not by the formidable
resources of our enemy, but by the issues of right we
have undertaken to establish by the sword, we move
on toward the conclusion, without allies and asking
none, confident that the ship that is freighted with the
hopes of man and bears the destiny of unborn mil
lions, cannot be made to strike her colors.
THE PRIVATE CITIZEN.
DAVID BENNETT HILL, who for some time
past has been known as a statesman without a
job, has made his debut in a new role — that of
after-dinner orator, and according to reports has
achieved on his first appearance a distinguished suc
cess. The scene of the event was a banquet of the
Utica Chamber of Commerce, and the toast assigned
to the ex-Senator was the very appropriate one, "The
Private Citizen."
The speaker has never been noted as a wit or a
humorist, and he made no attempt to rival Chauncey
Depew. His address- was directed rather to the coun
try at large than to the banqueters around him, but
even with them it found cordial approval and respon
sive cheers. He spoke of the character of American
citizenship and of the quality of manhood which the
responsibilities and liberties have developed in the
United States, and, rightly enough, found the best
and most fitting illustration of his words in the man
ner in which private citizens are now confronting the
issue of war.
"Never," said Mr. Hill, "was the true grandeur of
the simple citizen better illustrated than during the
recent crisis of our country's affairs, when with pa
tience, fortitude and hope he awaited for several
weeks the decision of the momentous issue committed
to the determination of those vested in authority,
calm when officials were excited, resolute but not
boisterous, and whether the outcome was to be
righteous war or honorable peace, he was disposed to
accept the conclusion as a wise and just result, having
confidence not only in the laudable earnestness of'
Congress, but in the sincere discretion and caution of
a patriotic President."
This description of the attitude of the private citi
zens of the United States- toward the Government
and the crisis will stand the test of a more critical
scrutiny than is usually given to after-dinner orations.
It accurately portrays the fact. Some yellow journals
and some demagogues denounced the President and
blustered about the delay in Congress, but the great
mass of the people were calm, firm and confident of
the outcome.
Nor is the private citizen disturbed now that war
has come. He is as calm in action as he was during
the weeks of waiting. He relies, as Mr. Hill said,
upon a "patriotic President," and the President can
with equal confidence rely upon the private citizen.
If the Spanish in Mexico really want to take to the
warpath, Texas seems to be just the sort of State to
have along the Rio Grande border.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 29, 1898.
BRING OUT THE FACTS.
ALL good citizens will sincerely hope, now that
United States Circuit Judge Morrow has
paved the way for an exhaustive inquiry into
the accounts of the Southern Pacific Company, that
the Board of Railroad Commissioners will do their
full duty. For a long time the impression has been
general that this corporation is frequently black
mailed by newspapers and politicians. It is not within
reason to assume that it willingly pays out its money.
If it did so it would be an anomaly among human in
stitutions. In fact, everybody knows that the rail
road monopoly corrupts only those who desire to be
corrupted— those who, like Poo Bah, continually
hold out their hands for bribes.
For proof of this we need inquire no further than
the "advertising" contract between the Southern Pa
cific Company and the Examiner, What rational man
believes that the former agreed in writing to pay the
latter $iooo a month for thirty months on any other
theory than that the money would purchase immunity
for the corporation during that period? Even if there
was no clause in the contract stating in terms that this
was its purpose, the purpose would be plain upon the
face of the instrument itself. What need has the
Southern Pacific to advertise? Does it not already
monopolize every means of transportation in the
State? Why should it seek to induce people to
patronize its roads by "advertising" when they are
compelled to patronize them or walk?
There is reason to believe that the Southern Pa
cific's inability to pay dividends arises largely from
the fact that it is forced to give large sums annually
to blackmailing newspapers and their instruments, the
boodling politicians. Whether this is done to pro
tect the corporation's property from spoliation or not
is immaterial. The question is. Is it done? We
know for a fact that it was done in the case of the
Examiner. We further know that ever since C. P.
Huntington cut off the Examiner's subsidy that paper
has vilified him personally and misrepresented the
corporation of which he is the head, evidently for the
purpose of forcing him to resume business relations.
Now that Mr. Huntington is here he should be made
to tell all about this affair. Moreover, he should be
compelled to show to what extent the inability of the
Southern Pacific to pay dividends on its stock is due
to similar blackmailing operations.
As we understand it, rates of freights and fares on
the monopoly's lines cannot be fixed by the Rail
road Commission so long as it does not earn a rea
sonable interest on the money invested in it. This
is a jurisdictional point which has been settled by the
Supreme Court of the United States. It therefore
becomes the duty of the Commissioners to ascertain
—with a view to cutting them off— to what extent the
dividend paying capacity of the corporation has been
impaired by illegitimate expenses. We hope this
work will be taken up by the board at once and prose
cuted to a speedy conclusion.
The public is tolerably familiar with the transac
tions between the Southern^ Pacific and the Exam
iner, but it would like to have further details from
Mr. Huntington's own lips. If his corporation has
been blackmailed at other times by the Examiner, or
by other newspapers, the public would like to hear
about that also. A full investigation should be made
while Mr. Huntingdon is here.
THE FEARS OF EUROPE.
SIGXOR CRISPI, former Premier of Italy,
being now out of office and virtually ou,t of
politics, feels at liberty to talk a little more
freely than other European statesmen, and accord
ingly has been giving his views on the war between
the United States and Spain with a frankness that re
veals some of the inner thoughts of the diplomatists
of the Old World, and therefore helps us to under
stand why in this emergency the sympathies not only
of the Italians and the French, but even of the Ger
mans, are on the side of the Spaniards.
Crispi, in discussing the probable outcome of the
conflict, conceded the success of the United States,
and then went on to say: "It is to be feared that the
Americans, intoxicated by an easy victory, will throw
haphazard all their energy against the European colo
nies left in their neighborhood. Canada assuredly
will be one of their first victims, unless an Anglo-
American alliance is established between London
and Washington — and that would offer to my mind
dangers for the peace of the world."
Abundant evidences exist that the fear of American
growth and development as something menacing to
the peace of the world is not confined to Crispi. To
a greater or less extent it is shared by all Europe.
It shows itself in matters of industry and commerce
as well as in questions of politics and war. The great
nations of the Old World have f>egun a far-reaching
struggle for dominion over the globe, and the con
test is already under way in Central Africa and in all
parts of Asia.
The combined powers of Continental Europe feel
quite capable of driving Great Britain from the field
when the time comes for them to act in concord and
demand the partition of China, the evacuation of
Egypt and the division of Africa, but what if there
appear another Richmond in the field? What if the
United States, a mightier and stronger nation of
Anglo-Saxon blood, rises to take part in the fight?
This possibility of the appearance of the United
States as an active competitor in the world for its
markets and its powers is what alarms the Caesars
of Europe. They cannot be persuaded that the Amer
icans are an unaggressive race. They see our farmers
sending produce to undersell European farmers in
their own markets. They see our manufacturers
gaining trade under the very walls of their own fac
tories. They feel the crushing force of our industrial
and commercial competition in their very capitals.
Seeing and feeling these things, they are frightened
by the prospect of what is to come, and in the new
display of our energies to drive Spain from Cuba
they behold "a menace to the peace of the world. *
Whether these fears are well or ill founded only
the future can make certain. The United States at
present aims at no conquest. We are quite satisfied
with the extent of our territory and have no thought
of aggression, even for the annexation of Canada.
We have, nevertheless, been forced into this war, and
may be eventually forced into another. Europe, in
her aggressive schemes for the partition of the world,
has therefore some reason to fear the growing power
of the United States.
We are drifting, says Crispi, "toward the un
known." This is true, but that unknown which is to
increase {he prestige and influence of the United
States will not mean a menace to the peace of any na
tion that acts rightly, carry aggression into any
fields save those of industry that increase the welfare
of mankind.
The parents of the seven-year-old at Los Angeles
who during his brief career has shot three different
people would be wise to provide their explosive off
spring with a new variety of toy.
c
THE SUNDAY CALL.
THESE are war times and the boom of big guns has already been
heard. Of course it must follow that when death-dealing missiles
are flying about promiscuously somebody is going to get hurt. For
those who give up their lives for their country there is nothing to be
done except to perform the last sad rites, but not all who fight will
be killed. Many will be only wounded.
It is to look after these that the Red Cross League was formed some
years ago. At a certain peace congress the big nations of the world all
agreed to respect the "Red Cross" whenever it appeared on a battle-field.
A Red Cross brigade is soon to be formed in California, and of course you
want to know all about the duties that will be expected of them.
READ THE SUNDAY CALL,
And you will find out all about this organization of mercy— what it has
done^in the past and what it expects to do in the future.
Now that the American fleet is before Havana and liable to open fire at
any moment you are sure to be interested in bombardments. There have
been a number of memorable ones in the history of the world. Sometimes
the besieged city got the best of it, but most frequently it had to succumb
to the bombarders.
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
The most important of these bombardments will be described with the most
accurate historic detail.
No modern war can be carried on without explosives. The terrible
compounds have to be made somewhere. It so happens that one of the
biggest factories in the country is in California. There was an awful ex
plosion there a few days ago and several men lost their lives. But a CALL
writer visited the place a short time before the explosion took place and
_ saw Just how the deadly compounds are made. All this will be described
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
As well as putting soldiers in the field and buying powder, Just now
the Government is employing thousands of men to work on ships and ports.
One of the biggest places in the country is not far from San Franciso.
Great crowds of workingmen are rushing there for work. Just how the mci
go about obtaining employment and get paid after it is done will all bt
told
IN fs T EXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
Christian science is extending its scope and finding new adherents
every wock. "Whether you believe in the doctrine or not you are sure to
be interested in an article on the subject by Mrs. Mary Baker-Eddy, the
founder of the Institution.
The well-known editor of the Boston Globe, Charles H. Taylor, will tell
you how to become a journalist. At least he will tell you how he became
one and a successful man is a very good one to follow.
Ferris Hart man's latest song is good, as good as any of his old ones.
It is entitled "Time Will Cure All Things," and will be published, words
and music,
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
If you want to know about the strange things that a glass swallower's
stomach is capable of containing,
READ THE SUNDAY CALL.
There will also be an article about the late eclipse that was witnessed
by all the great scientific societies In India. A Pacific Coast institution
secured a number of fine photographs of this great event and they will
be reproduced
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
In addition there will be the latest fashion news, society, whist, books,
fraternal, a page for boys and girls and
ALL THE LATEST WAR NEWS FROM SPECIAL CORRESPONDENTS.
READ NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
Judge Charles Silent of Ix>s Angeles is
a guest at the Palace.
Rev. C. S. Fackenthall of Princeton. N.
J., is a guest at the Grand.
F. H. George, a merchant of Juneau,
Alaska, is a guest at the Grand.
A. B. Shoemaker has come down from
Modesto and is staying at the Palace.
Charles A. Soloy, who has been confined
-with a bad attack of malaria, is again
about.
Madame Melba has returned from her
trip to Los Angeles and is staying at the
Palace.
E. S. de Golyer, the Los Angeles mining
expert, is at the Palace, where he arrived
yesterday.
John N. Woods, a prominent attorney of
Stockton, is one of the late arrivals at
the PaJace.
H. W. Bayliss, a capitalist of Santa
Barbara, Is at the Occidental on his way
home to England on a visit.
There is indig
nation loud and
deep being ex
pressed in certain
musical circles
over the action of
the management
of the Baldwin
SPANIARDS
CAPTURE THE
BALDWIN GRILL.
relating to the band it employs to dis
course sweet music while those who have
been on the right horses during the after
noon congregate in the cafe to recuperate
from the fatigues of the day and to
bolster their systems with strength
giving viands for the arduous pursuits of
the night.
It seems that the original orchestra was
an all-American team, and was subject
to the orders of a union that would not
allow them to play for less than $90 per
week. Now their performance may have
been worth that sum or It may not have
been. Any way, the management came
to the conclusion that it could get just
as good for less money, and consequently
discharged the Yankee outllt, supplying
their places with a lot of Spanish trou
badours, who, springing from generations
of servile peasantry, had offered them
selves for the paltry sum of $50 a week.
That is why new strains of a sweet but
foreign music are now to be heard echoing
through the arches of the Baldwin grill
and entrancing the patriotic gourmands
who gather there, against their will.
Rev. H. H. Chapham, the leading Pres
byterian minister of Tacoma, is among
yesterday's arrivals at the Occidental.
Li. O. Howard, who is connected with
the Treasury Department, is registered
at the Occidental from Washington, D. C.
J. D. Carr, the Salinas capitalist, has
come up to the city to visit his daughter,
Mrs. Beale, who is staying at the Oc
cidental.
R. S. Metsham, Arthur Metsham and
Maurice Marsden are three travelers from
England who arrived in the city yester
day and went to the Baldwin.
William Sproule, freight traffic manager
of the Southern Pacific Company, who
has been so ill, has recovered sufficiently
to resume the duties of his office.
Prince Elnwha of Korea arrived in the
city last night on his way from Wash
ington to his home in the far away East.
The prince has been some time traveling
in Europe and the United States study
ing so as to fit himself thoroughly for the
responsibilities he will be obliged to as
sume when he- reaches his native land.
With the prince as traveling companions
are San K. Seen and Sang K. Ha, two
Korean nobles.
"So you would
like to hear of
how I escaped
from massacre
when I was one
of the crew of the
Vlrglnius," said
an old gentleman
COMPREHENSIVE
AS MOST
DIPLOMATIC
STORIES.
In the office of the California. "Well, my
boy, draw your crhair a llttlfe closer and I
will spin you a yarn that will make your
hair raise.
"There lived some few years ago, and
may be living yet for all I know to the
contrary, in an isolated portion of South
eastern Oregon a gentleman of a saturn-
me disposition by the name of "Jackass"
Cassidy. Cassidy was a tender of flocks
on the honey-scented slopes of the afore
mentioned country, and had earned his
sobriquet by certain characteristics which
had been noticed In his composition by
his numerous frienas and admirers.
"Some thirty miles from the habitat of
Mr. Cassidy there dwelt a gentleman of
large landed acquirements, who owned
bunches of cattle that were wont to stray
through the fences surrounding the domi
cile of "Jackass," thereby causing that
individual much labor and mental dis
comfiture. Jackass thought over the
matter for some time, and concluding tnat
the trespass must cease began to de
liberate on the best manner of bringing it
to an end. After considerable thought he
figured out that the surest and most
satisfactory way to settle the whole
trouble was to kill the owner of the
cattle. Accordingly one fine morning
Cassidy loaded up his six-shooter axid
saddling up the old gray mule on which
he always traveled he rode thirty miles
to the house of his neighbor, and, finding
him at home, Jackass dismounted, tied
his mule to a fence and entered the ranch
house to finish the job as soon as pos
sible, as he had promised to sup and
sleep at the house of a friend as soon as
he had concluded his business. He got j
inside the door, when the owner of the j
ranch hit him on the head with an iron
cuspidor, and then, carefully beating him
into a jelly, threw him outside where he
would bleed in the dust and not soil any
thing.
"Jackass came to in about an hour and
going over to the fence where his mute
was tied, unfasfened that patient animal,
and mounting returned to his. pastoral
home."
'"Very Interesting," said the young man
who had listened to the story, "but what
has that to do with the capture of the
Virginius?"
"I have told you the story," said hts
companion, "and for any other informa
tion I must refer you to the archives of
the State Department."
SONG OF THE VOLUNTEERS.
The foe has weighed his anchors.
Anil his fleet Is on the main;
He has dragged the starry banner
Through the reeking dust of Spain!
There's a stricken one who craves us
To avenge a cruel wrong,
And we're coming. Uncle William—
A hundred thousand strong.
There's a noble warship lying
On the bottom of the sea;
There are weeping wives and mothers
In the land where men are free!
There's a debt that must be settled.
Let the word be passed along;
"We are coming. Uncle William—
A hundred thousand strong!
Hurrah! Hurrah, for Cuba,
Bleeding child of cruel Pimlnt
And remember, oh. remember.
The martyrs of the Maine!
In the noble name of Justice,
For the punishment of wrong.
We are coming. Uncle William—
A hundred thousand strong!
—8. E. Kiser, In Cleveland Leader
YOUNGEST BOY IN BLUE.
Old Vnele Sam has a fine new tfoy,
The youngest of all In blue;
He's the Naval Reserve, with lots of nerve
And plenty of courage, too—
So give him a place in the famll- lads, we \c
plenty for him to do.
At sea he chaffs the sailor-men
And joins in their dally work
With all his might (though he'd rather fight),
For lie never was built for a shirk,
So sling his hammock up forard, lads, and
teach him to use the dirk.
On land he elbows and Jostles about.
Or marches all day in the pun.
With a cheery smile for every mile
And a frolic when day Is done—
But when you get In a skirmish, men. Ho
doesn't know how to run.
Then fill your mujrs to the young' n, lflds,
Wlirf mixes with every crew
On land or sea, wherever he be,
We'll always find him true.
And we'll give hira a place in the circle, lads,
for there's plent- for him to do.
—New York Evening World.
THE PHILIPPINE ISLANDS.
The Philippine Islands extend almost
due north and south from Formosa to
Borneo and the Moluccas, embracing an
extent of 16 decrees of latitude and 9 of
longitude. They are over 400 In number;
the largest two are Luzon (area 40,024
English square miles) and Mindanao. The
capital of the Philioolnes. Manila, has
IT WILL BE
FULL OF GOOD
FEATURES AND
FINE PICTURES,
154,062 inhabitants (ISS7): other towns are
Laoag, 30,642; Lipa, 43,408; Banang, 35.595;
Batangas, 35,587. There is a small resident
Spanish population, but a large number
of Chinese. The native inhabitants are
mostly, of the Malayan race, but there
are some tribes of Negritos. • The Govern
ment .is administered. by a Governor Gen
eral and a Captain- General, • an' -the
forty-three provinces are ruled by Gov
ernors, Alcaldes, or commandants, accord
ing to their importance and position.
The estimated revenue of the Philippine
Islands in 1594-95 was £2,715.980, and ex
penditure £2,656,026. There is an export
duty on tobacco, and almost every article
of foreign production is heavily taxed on
being imported. On muslins and petro
leum the duty is about 100 per cent of the
cost.
The chief products are hemp, sugar,
coffee, copra, tobacco leaf, cigars, indigo.
Gold mining is being carried on in Luzon
with favorable prospects and coal mining
in Cebu, where, when arrangements for
carriage are completed, the output is ex
pected to be about 5000 tons a month.
In 1894 the total imports were valued at
$28,530,000 and exports at $33,250,000. In 1895
the chief exports were: Hemp, 832,323
bales (one halo weighs about 250 pounds)
valued at £1.565.000; sugar, 230,083 tons
valued at £1,205,000; copra, 61,438 piculs
valued at £283.000; tobacco leaf. 207 371
quintals; cigars, 164.430,000; coffee, *194
tons.. Owing to disease, the production of
coffee is falling off. The chief imports are
rice, flour, wines, 1 dress, Petroleum, coal.
In 1895. 177,620 piculs of rice were imported
from Hongkong. Saigon and Singapore:
61,391 tons of coal from Australia and
Japan; 357,638 cases of petroleum.
On an average, about 34 per cent of tha
import value is from the United Kingdom
21 per cent from Hongkong and Amoy 13
per cent from Spain and 10 per cent from
Singapore and British India. Imports into
Spain from the Philippine Islands in 1894
1/.99453S pesetas (the value of the peseta
I s , 19 3 £ en , ts )i,. "ports to Philippine
Islands, 28.584422 pesetas. In 1595, 304 ves
sels of 425,025 tons cleared the ports of
Manila, Hollo and Cebu. There are 720
miles of telegraph in the islands and 70
miles of railway. ....
The coin in use is the Mexican dollar
with locally coined fractional currency
The import of, foreign money is illegal
but that of Mexican dollars is permitted
— Statesman's Year Book.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
BLACKSMITH'S PAPER-S.. City.
The newspaper catalogues of the United
States fall to show that there is pub
lished a paper devoted exclusively to the
blacksmith's trade.
IRISH-AMERICAN - Subscriber. City.
Irish-American is a term applied to a
person of Irish birth settled in the United
States, and also to a native American of
Irish parentage.
DRY WASHER MINES— P. 8., Beth
any. Cal. What are known as "the dry
washer mines" are located in the north
ern portion of San Bernardino County
and southern part of Kern County.
STEAM— A. It.. City. The force of
steam as a motive power was known to
Hero of Alexandria and by him used 130
years before Christ. The inventor of the
practical steam engine was James Watt,
born 1736, died 1819.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Towrsend's.*
Great sale; finest eyeglasses, specs, 15c.
C 3 4th st. (Note number); also Sundays. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tho
l>roH« Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
THE PLACE FOR THEM.
Those men who are trying to corner the
coal and sell it to the Government at high
figures should be drafted and sent to the
front.— Indianapolis News.
■ ♦ «
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syi-up"
Has been used over fifty years by million* of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, soften*
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mr*.
Window's Soothing Syrup. 26c a bottle.
COROXADO— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry.
soft and mild, beinp entirely free from th«
mists common further north. Round trip tick
ets, by steamship, Including fifteen days' board
at th« Hotel del Coronado, $65; longer stay,
$2 50 per day. Apply * New Montgomery st.,
S. F., or A. W. Baliey. mgr. Hotel del Ccrona
do, late of Htl Colorado, Glenwood Spes. Colo.
EXPERIENCE IS THE BEST TEACHER.
Use Acker's Kngllsh Remedy in any case of
coughs, colds or croup. Should It fail to giva
Immediate relief money refunded. At No Per
centage PharmacyACTIVE IN THE CAUSE OF MERCY.
ALIFORXIA has placed her
purse, her time and her best efforts
.at the disposal of the Red Cross
League and Sanitary Commission.
To the women of the State particularly
this movement is of the closest interest.
Philanthropic women, business women,
society women, are all equally ready to
volunteer in a cause which appeals so
strongly to every loyal heart. For
though she may have turned her atten
tion to charity, to politics, to business
or to society, woman's ruling passion,
which displays itself so admirably in
every crisis, is the mothering one.
The women of California look upon
the stern-faced soldiers who marched
away from the Presidio the other day
with a collective sort of mother love,
that is not content with providing for
their necessities while they are here, but
follows them on, smoothing the difficul
ties that lie in the way. cheering and
comforting them with the assurance of
a tender forethought that is never
weary, never satisfied.
The nurses of the State continue to
volunteer — nurses of all ages and con
ditions, from the woman who realizes
fully what the offer of her services as
war nurse implies to the young hos
pital graduate, whose pretty fair head
is turned with emotions of pity and love
and patriotism.
% "But what about your family?" a
graceful, well-dressed girl was asked
who came volunteering her services,
glowing with enthusiastic unselfishness.
"Oh, they don't like the idea." she
answered, nervously fingering the
slender gold chain that hung about her
neck. "But I'm in earnest and they
know it. So they will have to be re
conciled, for I intend to go. Will you
tell me just when I'll be wanted?"
This question and all others that agi
tate the minds of the ardent, helpful
people who are eager to begin active
operations will be answered just as soon
as the Sanitary Commission can meet
and decide upon the course to be pur
sued.
As to the financial side of the ques
tion, these people recognize that that
is a thing which need not be delayed a
moment. So while the generous offers
of personal services in any and all ways
must for the present remain un
answered, the checks which attest the
fullness of California's generosity and its
interest in the commission are timely
and very welcome.
The next meeting of the commission
on Monday next is awaited with the
deepest interest. In the meantime,
though. California is not idle. Clubs,
societies, individuals all over the State
are putting themselves in readiness to
respond to the President's appeal when
wit shall be made. Whether the call
;.hall be for women's hands to sew or
to nurse, or whether supplies in ma
terial or moiey be required, there can
be no doubting the response that will
come. California's men have filled to
overflowing the measure of soldiers i
demanded by President McKinlev.
California's women are actuated by the
same spirit of generosity, of loyalty and
of fidelity.
INDORSED BY
A SOLDIER
Major Field Says Much
Good Can Be Done by
Organization.
Major Edward Field of the Seconfl Ar
tillery and artillery inspector of the De
partment of California believes firmly in
THE CALIFORNIA
WOMEN'S CLUB
Largely Attended Meeting at
Which the Charter Roll
Was Closed.
Addresses by John P. Irish and Sev
eral of the Ladies of
the Club.
The Bpaclous upper hall of the Callfor
rla Hotel was crowded to the doors and
beyond yesterday afternoon, the occasion
being the first public meeting of the
newly formed California Club.
It was foretold of this organization at
It? inception that its- pian of action would
attract to it tl>e most prominent and
representative women, and the prophecy
has been fulfilled. Society leaders, ar
tists, musicians, writers, teachers and
•women foremost in the philanthropic
work of the community have gathered to
gether and joined forces for the perform
ance of the practical work which is the
object of the now society's being, and tho
meeting yesterday was a brilliant one In
every respect.
John P. Irish, the orator of the after
noon, was introduced by a few well-chosen
words from Mrs. Lovcll White, the presi-
t" the club, and delivered a most in-
ting and inspiriting address on the
t, "What V.'omen May Do in Munl-
Qovernment." Mr. Irish's remarks
were frequently applauded.
The speaker advised the ladles to read
the new charter attentively from begin-
ring to end, to think about it and Its pro
visions seriously and to familiarize them
selves, at least theoretically, with the
requirements and workings of the differ
ent branches of municipal government,
with a view to Intelligently and wisely ex- j
••rung their influence toward the better
ment of existing conditions. A charter
■ commission, in which' were three or four
of our brightest and best women, would,
he declared, make a success of a most
difficult undertaking.
At the conclusion of the address Mrs.
Ramon Wilson, head of the department
of art. literature «uid music, briefly but
clearly outlined the work which she pro
posed to do. with the co-operation of her
fellow-members, in these lines during the
coming year.
Mrs. XV. H. Mills followed with a very
able paper on the proposed work of the
association as a whole, the special place
which it will endeavor to till in our social
structure and the real need that exists
for the accomplishment of just what it
; aspires and fully intends to do. In the
▼course of her remarks she gave a con
fdensed history of the famous Chicago
Woman's Club, the shining example
which the California aims to follow and
.excel if possible, and; told of vie great
. benefits that have already accrued to that
• municipality through the wise and help-
the usefulness of the Red Cross League
and Sanitary Commission.
"I was at Harrison Landing on the
James River during the war," he said,
"and it was perhaps the most unhealthy
location in which our command was
camped during the whole Civil War
struggle. It was during the hottest time
of the year and the food served out to us
was not of the kind men live to eat. It
was then that I learned what the Sani
tary Commission could do. That society
sent us boatloads of such things as men
The Daughters o? the
American Revolu=
tion Praise the
Red Cross League.
crave who have too long been familiar
with the rations of war. No one except
those who have been living for weeks on
strict army rations can appreciate the joj
that a load of fresh cabbages can bring
Into a camp. The Sanitary Commission
in those days sent fresh vegetables to the
camps of the army whenever it could, ami
no soldier ever cheered more than when
ful part the club has played in educa
tional and civic affairs.
At the close of the session the list of
charter members, which numbers over
300, was declared closed, and the ladles
were asked to inform their friends that
membership can now be secured only by
application and Indorsement.
SUICIDE BY HANGING.
An Unknown Man Swings Himself
From, the Gas Fixtures With
His Suspenders.
An unknown man committed suicide last
Wednesday night by hanging himself
with his suspenders in a lodging house,
211 Fourth street.
The deceased engaged the room late on
Wednesday afternoon. As he did not
make his appearance yesterday morning
the landlord. Julius Marty, got in through
a window and found the lodger hanging
to the gas fixtures.
When the body was searched in the
Morgue, nothing was found on the person
by which the dead man could be identified.
He was a laborer, well built, and dressed
In a suit of chenp clothes nearly new. He
wore a black Fedora hat. black sack coat
and vest and pantaloons with dark blue
stripes. The hair was light red, the mus
tache red and the eyes light blue. His
nose Ip prominent, and he appears to be
a Swede or a Dane.
An inquest will be held.
DEMOCRATS MEET.
Session of the Thirty-Fourth As-
sembly District Club.
There was a meeting of the Thirty
fourth Assembly District Democratic Club
In Mission Hall, Eighteenth str«..'t, above
Valencia, last night; for the purpose of
electing twentjr-flve niembe'rs to go to
the general committee, which will meet
at Pioneer Hall to-night.
The meeting was held under the super
vision of J. P. McGovern and Thomas
Farrell. The first person attempting to
vote was Joseph Hay. who was promptly
challenged, as were all of the others, who
wore compelled to write their names to
show they compared with the signatures
on the roll of tho dub. Several ex-con
victs and jailbirds took an active pnrt in
the proceedings. One of the tickets being !
voted Is headed by Young Mitchell it
prtse-figbter, and the other by n. L. i
&farm, warrant clerk in Judge Campbell's
court.
On account of the mode adopted in
challenging the voters it is not expected
to complete the vote until late this morn
ing.
A Sunday-School Picnic.
The Central M. E. Sunday School, for
the first time in many years, will hold its
annual picnic separate from the other
i Methodist schools of the city to avoid the
I crowd that attends a union crating. A
1 delightful time is anticipated on Satur
j day at Mirabel Park, on the Russian
River.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative BromoQulnlne Tablets. All dniß
plFts refund the money if It fails to euro. 25c.
The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 29, 1898.
the great lumbering wagons rolled in
through the lines of sentries, protected by
the red cross and carrying the ordinary
garden truck that tasted sweeter than
all the fancy foods ever invented by the
celebrated chefs of the world. Besides
the garden truck that was on those
wagons there was always something for
those in the hospitals. Jellies and jams
and little toothsome delicacies from the
kitchens at home were in those boxes for
the sick, and they were guarded most
jealously. Many a time I have seen big,
strong men stand and gape at a little jar
of jam that was unloaded from one of
those wagons, then follow it clear to the
hospital tent. I do- not deny that any one
of those men would have liked to have
some of the jam just to know how it
tasted, but their interest in it was more
than that. It was from home. Perhaps
not their home, but from a home where
there were loving hands and anxious
hearts for some one at tlie front.
"At that camp much good was ac
complished by one man. He was 'Clem
Barclay,' and he was Idolized by every
man of the rank and file. He was from
Philadelphia, and he gave a fortune in
his deeds of humanity' and in his en
deavors to mitigate the una%'oidable suf
ferings of war.
"I was greatly impressed with the work
of the Roman Catholic Sisters of Charity
in the E-street Army Hospital in Wash
ington. It was there that I saw the
work of women as nurses during the war.
A NATIONAL
UNIVERSITY
The Question Discussed by the
Washington Memorial
Association.
The Necessity of a Oreat School
of Statesmanship and Poli
tics.
A meeting pt the George Washington
Memorial Association was he.- in Golden
Gate Hall last evening, and many stirring
speeches were delivered on the founding
of a national university on the lines pro
mulgated by George Washington. The
hall was well filled and much enthusiasm
was manifested by the audience.
The opening speech was made by Martin
Kellogg, who spoke on the relation of a
national university to State universities.
He pointed out the great and growing
need of a university on the lines of that
suggested by Washington, and thought
that it should naturally exist at the na
tional capital, where its good work could
be effectively carried on without interfer
ing in any manner with the State insti
tutions.
Irving M. Scott spoke on our national
defenses. He referred to the elaborate
systems of defense in times of war pro
vided by Congress, but held that a national
university, properly conducted, would
educate our statesmen above the needs
of these defenses, that they could be so
well grounded In diplomacy at such an
Institution that battles might easily be
won without the assistance of giant guns
or ironclad ships.
Professor Bernard Moses was the
orator of the evening. He "spoke of the
proposed national university as a na
tional school of hisfory and politics. It
would be a place, he said, where the
records of Congress, the diplomatic mes
sages and all which go to make up the
history of a country could be system
atically gathered together. There is no
such collection at present available, and
it would be impossible to secure in any
place other than the national capital
where all these records are kept on file.
With such ;i storehouse of political and
historical information as this our diplo
mats might easily be the best informed in
the world, and could easily cope with and
settle any international complications
which might arise without plunging the
country into warfare.
Dr. Voorsanger spoke of the great
benefit such an Institution would be in
political education, and pointed it out as
a means of raising the standard of
politics above- ring work and "corruption.
To Change the Track.
On the order of General Manager
Kruttschnitt of the Southern Pacific Com
pany work was commenced to-day on the
laying of the third rail which will convert
the narrow gauge track from Alameda
mole to Oakland into a broad gauge track.
They worked under splendid discipline,
and they did much for me while I was
there. From what I saw there I know
women as nurses in the hospitals and at
the front can do much toward making a
soldier's life an easier one to bear during
the times of war. I do not believe much
could be done by untrained volunteers or
the spasmodic efforts of morbid senti
mentality. But If nurses are sent to the
front under the direction of the Red Cross
League and organized for practical work
under the direction of the medical de
partment of the army, it cannot but meet
with appreciation and be a means of pre
venting much suffering and be the means
of saving the lives of many of those who
go to defend their flag and the honor of
their country.
"To lessen the sufferings of the sick and
wounded in time of war is a noble work,
and when such work is systematfted in
accordance with needs and in harmony
with military authority it cannot fail to
prove one of the wisest forms of patriot
ism."
SPOKE OF ITS
NOBLE MISSION
Daughters of the American
Revolution Commend
the Work of Mercy.
A meeting of Sequoia Chapter of the
Daughters of the 1 American Revolution
was held yesterday afternoon at the
Sorosis Club for the purpose of organiz
ing a branch of the Red Cross League.
Many donations were received and gen
eral enthusiasm and patriotism prevailed
during the entire meeting.
Rabbi Voorsanger, who was a guest of
the chapter, in outlining the duties the
members of the league would be -called
upon to perform, said:
"It is very difficult to say what might
be required of the members of the Red
Cross League in the future. The present
we know. The future Is veiled in dark
ness which can only be penetrated by the
I
passing of ttme. It the worst comes and
the dread carnage of war proves Inevi
table, let us hope to meet Its horrors with
a co-operation of effort and tend to lessen
the sufferings of our California boys by
providing for them some comfort when in
need, and nursing them wnen sick or in
jured. In the institution of this Sanitary
Commission, which shall have for Its
purpose the prevention of the spread of
disease and the caring of the soldiers who
have gone from here to fight for the dig
nity and honor of their country, we must
have as one of its prevailing features
tender and loving sentiment. We cannot
\ stop the bullet, but let us hope that our
efforts may prove successful In saving
the life where that bullet has not already
carried death on its cruel mission of hate.
"The greatest danger we will have to
contend with in the present war is not
Spanish bullets. Yellow fever is the
danger. We can defend ourselves one
man against another; ship against ship;
but we cannot frustrate poison. Cuba is
the hotbed of yellow fever, and there is
a serious doubt whether the army will
be able to flsrht it.
"The horrors of the Austrian war in
1566 from the ravages of cholera— its most
fatal consequence — need hardly be recall
ed to put you in mind of the necessity
of your organization In the present crisis,
as they are familiar to the mind of the
student and those living who survived
the awful plague.
"We should not defer another day In
The reason for the change is the in
rrcasfd facilities for comfort and the
I greater carrying capacity the new ar
j fangement will afford to that section of
! the road. It is expected that the work
! will be completed in about four months,
or at about the same time that the new
Harrison-street bridge is completed.
■ • "
THE FREE MARKET.
Its Opening Is Recommended to the
Harbor Commissioners.
The committee which was appointed on
February 13 at the suggestion of the
Harbor Commissioners to collect informa
tion and make recommendations regard
ing- a free public market submitted a re
port to that body yesterday afternoon.
The committee had attempted first to
secure a conference with the commission
men, but failed to do so. They then met
representatives of the transportation
companies and found them agreeable to
the proposition, provided sufficient wharf
room could be obtained at one central
point. They then visited the ground, and
it is considered that the Jackson, Wash
ington and Pacific street wharves will
afrord ample room for the vessels to dis
charge their cargoes.
It was recommended that in aJlottingthe
space the first choice of location be de
voted to public traffic and space for
perishable goods. If it is found that
there is room to spare after this it may
be leased out to any merchant or com
mission men who want it, on the condi
tion that it be surrendered if it is after
ward needed for public accommodation.
The following rules governing the
market were recommended:
1. Licenses to sell to be issued only on the
signing of a written agreement to comply with
the regulations.
2. That the orleinal entries of sales in
the market shall be In Ink and show the name
of the person for whose account the saie Is
made, the purchaser and the price.
3. That these entries be at all proper times
open to inspection of the person for whose ac
count the sale is made, and of the superintend
ent of the market.
4. That the superintendent of the market
upon the written request of any shipper and
not otherwise Inspect these entries and Inform
the shipper of the facts aa they are shown
in regard to any sale made for his account.
The report was accepted and placed on
file, and action will be taken by the Har
bor Commissioners at an early date.
"How to Succeed as a Journalist,"
by one of the greatest newspapermen
in the country; in next Sunday's
Call.
■ ♦ ■
Child Study Club Meeting.
A meeting of the Child Study Club will
take place at the Occidental Hotel this
afternoon at 2:30 o'clock.
The feature of the meeting will be the
learned address which will be delivered
on the education of children by Miss
Katherine Ball, entitled "What Age
Should Children Begin the Study of
Drawing?"
The meetings are entirely free and all
are earnestly invited to attend. It is ex
pected that to-day a large number of
mothers will be present to listen to Miss
Ball's interesting address and get poinis
on the education of their offspring.
A GOOD EXAMPLE TO FOLLOW.
preparing ourselves against such fatal
consequences. Now Is the time, and we
should grasp at the opportunity, meeting
the ravages of yellow fever with a do j
fense that must prove Impregnable to ad
vance. I think the step taken by you
to-day in this direction Is one of the
noblest acts of a woman and a mother.
"We' have two distinct duties to per
form during the war. The duty to our
country, which always comes tlrst, and
then our duty toward our boys— our Cali
fornia boys.
"The impression that has gone forth
about my son expressing a wish to enter
the army is true, and I feel proud of him.
The badge with the letters "U. S." has
been placed over his heart, and he is
now ready for the front, as he received
his enlistment papers last evening. That
he will leave for the seat of war is hard
ly probable, as I think that before the
Government demands him as its servant
Spain shalj have returned a cripple and a
u.sgrace to itself.
"That my son will leave does not say
that 1 will necessarily abandon him to his
fate. I want to be with him when he
needs my care. I want to nurse him
when sick, and I want to lessen the rigors
and trials of camp life. You are mothers
and you know that if they must go they
shall go; and if they go we must go with
them even if we stay here. We can only
hope to accomplish this through the min
istry of the Ked Cross in the camp and
on the battlefield. With It must go our
love, our devotion and maternal care.
"The surgical service of the National
Guard of California needs extension, as it
Is thoroughly inadequate. This deficiency
is attributed to lack of funds, and if we
want the necessary equipment we have to
demand it of the Governor, who will deny
it on the basis that the money is needed
more In other directions.
"In the time of war we do not want to
wait, and In fact we cannot justly wait
for legislation, in order to carry on the
sanitary work that we know is absolutely
necessary for our sons. We want to pre
pare it ourselves. They will need am
bulances, surgical instruments, under
wear, medicines and various other ar
ticles; and this entire humane work de
pends upon you and upon your efforts.
"You must of necessity uphold the tra
ditions created by your ancestors and the
Hag instituted by your fathers. You must
see that the Stars and Stripes do not take
a step backward.
"The same logic that made the Ameri
can Colonist free should free the Cuban
from his oppressive bondage. No matter
what mongrel he might be he has a right
to and should be free.
"When the sacred banner, the emblem
of liberty and freedom— the stars and
stripes— is uplifted we must remember
that personal feeling must cease.
"We must identify ourselves aa mem
bers of this organization with the Ked
Cross banners on the field, and when our
boys leave us we must 'follow them on
their way and tend to our children across
tho Gulf of Mexico and on the unhealthy
soil of Cuba with the same tenderness,
the same care that we would extend to
them were we there by thefr side."
Dr. Voorsanger's address was followed
by another upon the same subject by the
Rev. C. E. Cooke of Trinity Episcopal
Church. He said:
"There is absolute need of such an or
ganization and the work which it alone
tan do. The one great danger that will
have to be contended with is disease — the
yellow fever. In view of this fact we
want our boys to feel that when they go
out and away from us that they will De
followed by and communicated with
through the medium of the cross.
"I hope that by the grace of God war
and it^ attendant horrors will soon be at
an end and that the California boys will
never, reach the poisonous and mephitic
atmosphere of Cuba."
Miss Eliza Keith, who was also called
to address the society, limited her discus
sion of the purpose of the Red Cross
League to a few clauses, devoting the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOfTCET"
From and after FRI-
DAY MORNING, April
29, 1898, the price of
Steam Beer will be as
follows
Whole Barrels. s6.oo each
Half Barrels. . . 3.00 each
Third Barrels.. 2.25 each
Sixth Barrels .. 1.25 each
Albany Brewery. Jackson Brewery,
American ; Brewery, Milwaukee Brewery,
Anchor Brewer". - Mission Brewery,
Bavaria Brewery, National Brewery,
Broadway Brewery, North Star Brewery,
California Brewery, Railroad Brewery,
Chicago Brewery, , South San Francisco
Columbia , Brewery. Brewery,
Enterprise Brewery, St. Louis Brewery,
Hayes Valley Brewery,- Union Brewery, <
Hlbernia Brewery, " .United States Brewery,
John Wieland Brew- Washington Brewery,
: cry, " ■ Willows Brewery,
EXCURSIONS, ETC.
$1.25 CAMPERS' $1.25
<Pl~ EXCURSION «Pl~
TO THE — —
Santa Cruz Mountains !
Personally Conducted by MR/ VVM. H.
MENTON, Excn. Pass. Aftt. S. P. Co.
SATURDAY, April 30,
." RUNNING TO BOULDER CREEK j:
AND STOPPING AT ALL THE CAMPING
RESORTS BOTH WAYS.
Take : 7:45 a. -m. boat. Ferry ; Landing (Nar-
row ' Gauge), . foot of J Market ] street, ', San ' Fran-
cisco; 7:45 a. m. ; from Fourteenth and Frank-
lin : streets, : Oakland 8:20 a. m., . from Park
street Alameda.
Returning— Arrive San Francisco 8:05 p. m.
greater part of her address to an eloquent
treatise on the subject of patriotism. She
concluded with the hope that the out
come of the war would result in the
Americanizing of America and forever
blotting out the descriptive adjectives
that half the inhabitants of this country
use in alluding to their nationality. This
should be a country of Americans and as
such should not recognize foreigners who
term themselves Spanish - Americans,
Irish-Americans, etc. If they are not
Americans they should be driven out ot
the country.
Among the other speakers were Mrs. J.
G. Clark and Mrs. F. French, both of
whom save short sketches of the present
crisis and of the duties implied in their
membership in the Red Cross League.
At the conclusion of the meeting the
"Star-Spangled Banner" was sung by the
members of the League, after which the
members adjourned until next Monday
afternoon.
AMUSEMENTS.
BALBOA BOULEVARD DAY.
MONDAY, MAY 2, 1898.
Ingleside Racetrack.
SIX RUNNING RACES ONE MILE OR OVER.
Proceeds of the Day's Races to Be Used in Maintaining
THE BALBOA BOULEVARD.
BALDWIN THEATER.
All this and next week. Matinee Saturday.
FERRIS HARTMAN
And a Complete Comedy Company Direct from,]
New York in the Nautical Farcical Comedy,
THE PURSER, j
As refreshing ns an ocean breeze. War bul- '
letins between the acts. Extra — Now being
presented every afternoon, including Sunday
(except Saturday) at 3. a magnificent
production of the famous "PASSION PLAY."
Reproduced by means of 1000 life-like moving
pictures. Realistic accessories.
Adults, 25c; Children. 15c.
Coming— The Great PILAR MORIN.
COLUMBIA_THEATER.
! TO-NIGHT-SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
! Farewell Appearance of the Dainty Comedienne,
MARIE JANSEN,
In Her Latest Success,
"THE NANCY HANKS."
Built for Laughing Purposes Only.
EXTRA-NEXT MONDAY.
ROBERT B. MANTELL
AND A SELECT COMPANY,
Under the Management of M. W. HANLEY,
Presenting- for the First Time in This City a
New Romance, by W. A. Tremayne, Entitled
A SECRET WARRANT !
NUMEROUS ACCESSORIES, SUPERB COS-
TUMES. POWERFUL COMPANY.
SEATS NOW READY.
CALIFORNIA THEATER. y
A $1 60 Production for 60c.
TO-NIGHT AND SATURDAY MATINEE.
LAST TWO TIMES.
TRILBY !
A Complete Staging.
Excellent Cast. Popular Prices.
15c, 2."> c and 50c. No Higher. •••:."
SAT. FAREWELL TO MELBA.
EXTRA-
• NEXT SUNDAY EVENING, MAY 1.
GRAND FAREWELL CONCERT
By the principal members of the
DAMROSCHELLIS OPERA CO.
And the orchestra of the New York Symphony
, viVr _. - Society, Including
J MLLE. . TORONTA, Soprano,
MLLE. MATTFIELD, Soprano.
M. SALIGNAC. Tenor.
MR. VAN HOOSE, Tenor,
MR. RAINS. Basso, and
SIG. CAMPANARI, Barytone,
Popular prices, $1 50 to 60 cents. Seats ready
at box office.
. NEXT MONDAY, "A TEXAS STEER."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor & Manager
THIS EVENING AT 8 SHARP. .
LAST NIGHTS
OF THE GLORIOUS {SUCCESS.
Our Brilliant Spectacular Burlesque,
SINBAD THE SAILOR!
NEXT WEEK
The greatest of all comic operas
"lil/ANG!" l
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
Box office always open. No telephone. .
ALCAZAR, gfas.
• r *- X -^^^- r^^* X7X^>* Between Acts
EVERY NIGHT AT 8:15. ~"
—MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2:15.
nvA" GENUINE SUCCESS.;
The • Comedy , That Will Make You . Laugh,
"THE GAY PARISIANS
. L. R. Stockwell and the Best Cast Yet.
Prices— lsc, 25c, 35c and 50c.
SHERMAN & CLAY HALL,
2113 SUTTER STREET.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW,
3 O'CLOCK. .. .
LITTLE PALOMA SGHRAMM
The Wonderful Child - 1 . Musician. -A i Genius
* ' Unequaled in v Europe or 'America. ''•"■.■' ' !
Reserved seats at Sherman, Clay. & Co. 's, 50c
and ft; children; 2oc. v. .
PRACTICAL OFFF.R.
Mrs. A. Goodman, ladies' tailor at 111
Turk street, makes a generous offer to
the Red Cross League. She commences
her subscription to the fund of the society
with a check for $20 and adds to it the
following offer:
SAN FRANCISCO, April 28. IS9B.
To the Editor of the Call: I desire to offer,
through you, my services and those of the
employes of the Goodman Ladies' Tailoring
Establishment to the Red Cross Leajaroe of Cal
ifornia. Our machines, run by electricity, and
our experienced employes are at the disposal
of the committee when we are called upon to
do any sewing the commission may require.
Inclosed please find check for twenty (S2O)
dollars to be delivered to the treasurer of the
league. Yours truly, MRS. A. GOODMAN.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleslde Track.)
Racing From Monday, April 18, to
Saturday, April 30, inolusiva.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shins.
First Race at 2 P. M.
S. P. R. R. TRAINS, 12:45 and 1:15 p. ra. DAILT.
Leave Third-street station, stopping at Va-
lencia street. Returning immediately after the
races.
Kearny-ptreet and Mission-street cars every
three minutes, direct to track without change.
Fillmore-street cars transfer each way.
S. N. ANDROUS, President.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary.
morosco^lrand opera-house
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
Great Success of the American Star Soubrette,
LETTIE LE VYNE
And Her Patriotic Specialty,
"REMEMBER, BOYS, THE MAINE!"
"THE WICKLOW POSTMAN,"
NEW PEOPLE,
STRONG CAST and
CATCHY SPECIALTIES.
Evening Prices 10c, 25c, 500
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
A Most Artistic Vaudeville Triumph.
KERNER'S TABLEAUX VIVANTS.
Most Expensive Production of Living Pictures
Ever Attempted in America.
Also LIZZIE B. RAYMOXD. RENO &
RICHARDS. TONY WILSON & CLOWN-
SMITH. O'BRIEN. SIGNORA CASTELLO
ROBERTA & DORETTA, FISH & QUIGG, and
M<-«v-rci>VKRY & STONE,
Reserved seats 25c; Balcony 10c; Opera Chain
and Box SeAts 50c.
Matinee every Wed., Sat. and Sunday.
SUTRO_BATHS.
SATURDAY. APRIL SO, IS9B.
MONSTER MAY=DAY FESTIVAL!
1000 CHILDREN WILL TAKE PART IN MAT
POLE DANCES.
Admission, 10c. Children only 6c.
TflE AFRICAN LION HUNT!
Is Given Every Afternoon and Evening at the
CHUTES.
THIS WEEK ONLY!
MANDOLA and a Grand Vaudeville Per-
formance.
WAR NEWS Will Be Read From the Stage.
K>c to All, Including Zoo, etc. ; Children, sc.
CHIQUITA will receive but a short time
longer.
LANE LECTURES.
COOPER MEDICAL COLLEGE,
Corner Sacramento and Webster Streets.
THIS FRIDAY EVENING AT 8 O'CLOCK,
DR. HENRY GIBBONS JR.,
"SUPERSTITION IN MEDICINE."
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during: the season.
Music, Dancing. Bowling, Boating. Fishing
| and other amusements.
Refreshments at city prices. Fare, round
trip, 25c; Children. 15c: Including admission
to grounds.
—THE STEAMER URIAH—
Will leave Tiburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m., 12:10,
2 and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo at
11:15 a. m., 1. 3 and 5 p. m.
BENEFIT CONCERT TO
ALFRED WILKIE.
SHERMAN & CLAY HALL, 223 Sutter.
FRIDAY EVENING, April 29. at 8:15 p. m.
Box Office now open at Sherman & Clay's.
Cil VMPIA I Cornet of Mr»on «ni
i Direct from New York, CYRENE, The Cuban
: Terpsichorean Wonder, and a great olio of
; specialties. Admission free. House heated.
i War Bulletins read from stage every half hour.
78
HO"W" THE! HOSTILE FLEETS .AJRJE! IMZOVTISTG-.
THE SAN ; FE Ay CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AFKIL 29; 1898.IMPATIENT VOLUNTEERS CHAFING
GUARDSMEN
IMPATIENT
Delay in the Enrollment of
Volunteers Causes Some
Clamor in the Ranks.
Motives of the Governor Misunderstood — Of
ficers of the Guard to Be Retained.
Steps Taken to Hasten the Enlist
ment of Troops.
Governor Budd dropped In at head
quarters yesterday shortly before noon.
Ilf smiled a "good morning" to his
staff, shook hands with General Bar
rett and disappeared into his private
office, closing the door behind him with
an ominous bang.
His arrival was the signal for re
newed activity among the officers pres
ent. Colonel Bush rang for ice water,
while Colonel Burgin immediately pro
ceeded to tell the same joke that he
has recited each day for the past week.
During the forenoon there was a con
stant stream of callers at headquar
ters who came to offer their services
and lives. Prominent among these
was Captain T. G. Cunningham of
•any X of the National Guard,
who reported to General Barrett that
he had enlisted thirty students from
Stanford University. The men were en-
I by Captain Cunningham on Wed
lay night, and this recruits Com
pany Kto its full strength. The col
lege soldiers will be given diplomas of
graduation by the faculty as soon as
they are mustered into service.
Governor Budd is displaying the most
laudable judgment and conservatism in
his administration of military af
fairs. He is giving his ear to all, but
his speech to none. He is prepared
to act when the time comes and to act
promtply, but until then he is not go
ing to divulge his intentions to any
one. He said yesterday:
"There has been no change in ths.
;t status of affairs. I am pre
t. and at present am simply
awaiting orders. lam here, not to is
sue instructions, but to obey those
given by the Government."
"Have you received an answer to the
dispatch you sent Secretary Alger ten
dering him the services of a fourth reg
iment?"
"Yes, but I do not care to give it
out."
""Will you say if it was favorably con
sidered?"
"All I can state at present is that
I do not think California's quota will
be raised."
"Have you any idea as to whom the
President will commission as brigadier
ral from California?"
"I have not the slightest idea of
dent McKinley's intentions in the
matter."
"Will you accept the office if it is
tendered to you?"
"I must decline to answer the ques
tlon."
"Have you decided what officers you
wi',l appoint to the colonelcies of volun
teers?"
"Yes, but I have no idea of giving out
their names. A great deal depends up
on the nature of my orders from the
"War Department as to how they desire
the officers to be appointed. I know
what I am going to do, and exactly
how I am going to do it, but until the
time comes for me to act I will make
no statements for publication."
Later it was learned from the adju- '
tant-general that the War Department
had declined the offer of an additional
regiment.
Governor Budd has under considera- !
tion the plan submitted by General
Dickinso-n for raising California's
quota as provided for under the Presi- ]
dent's call, but he has taken no action I
upon It.
lonel James Smith's letter to Gov- j
ernor Budd, which was published in |
lay's Call, was a general topic!
of discussion in military circles yester
day. It seems to be the prevailing
opinion that Colonel Smith's letter fit- i
tingly echoed the sentiment of every
man in the National Guard, especially
those of the rank and filf, who are j
most anxious to keep their present or- i
ganization intact and to be commanded
by their present officers, to whom they
are deeply attached.
T. H. Goodman, general passenger
agent of the Southern Pacific, was clos
eted for a long time with the Governor.
It is presumed the object of his visit j
was with reference to the transporta
tion of troops over his line.
A FALSE ALARM
ALONG THE LINE
National Guardsmen Are
Disturbed by Idle
Rumors.
Governor Bu-!d Firmly Resolved to
Oi\jc Officers and Enlisted Men
the Preference.
T)!spatrhca received by The Call last
night from several points in the State
■how that National Guardsmen have a
wrong impression of Governor Budd's
I ■ and intentions. In order to re
move the falsa impression The Call is
authorized by Adjutant General Barrett
i" state that tli»- Governor has firmly re
solved to give the officers and men of the
National Guard the preference for enroll
ment in the volunteer service. In the
appointment of officers to command the
I the officers now holding commis
sion will be retained provided they pass
the; examination required. Should they
fail in this respect their places will be
-r uiiir.-rs of the guard
until that source ot supply is exhausted.
The Governor has steadfastly declined
to promise commissions to any other than
officers of thy National Guard although
very many applications bearing the high
est indorsements have been presented to
him.
In this city and throughout the State
last night there was great activity In
National Guard armories. The period of
delay In calling out the troops is now
about at an end. The mustering ofHcer
ajfd the eiuminins: surgeons should be
full of business in a day or two. As proof
of the Governor's intention to give the
Sixth Regiment a chance, the fact is cited
that arranarenienta were yesterday made
with transportation companies to bring
tlit- men of the regiment to San Francisco,
the i>!ace appointed for rendezvous.
EXAMINING BOARD.
Captain C. E. Haven and Lieutenants
C. H. Holmes and W. C. Bean of Com
pany E of the Fifth Infantry, .N. G. C,
who were recently re-elected to their
present offices, were examined as to their
fitness and ability last night by the mili
tary examining board, composed of Col
onel J. F. Smith and Captain George Fil
mer of the First Infantry, and Major J.
P. Hayes of the Fifth Infantry. The ex
amination was held at the California
Hotel.
IN OPEN REVOLT.
Sixth Infantry Boys Say
They Won't Play.
STOCKTON, April 28.— Companies A
and B, Sixth Regiment, are in open re
volt against going to the front under
any officers other than their own. The
feeling has been running high all week,
as It is contended that the Governor's
apportionment is calculated to break
up the regimental organization. Base
political motives are ascribed to the
Governor, and several hot telegrams
were sent to him from former friends
here. The feeling culminated in a joint
meeting of the companies to-night,
when in caucus they decided to volun
teer in a body, with a proviso that their
own officers be retained; otherwise they
will refuse as a body to be mustered
into the United States service. With
this distinct understanding the muster
roll o-f the companies opened. Full
membership of the companies, 206, with
the exception of a few absentees, ten
dered services. The officers worked
very hard last month, drilling raw re
cruits nightly, and not^ discouraging
men in the attitude taken.
If ever an official came in for a be
rating it is Governor Budd, who. it is
claimed, is disorganizing the militia
by dilatory tactic?. Yesterday the full
membership of the companies could
have been turned out on three hours'
notice; now it will take twenty-four
hours, as many members from the
country got disgusted and went home.
Men say they will not go out of the
State under either political or West
Point officers. The agreement signed
to-night leaves a loophole in case men
wish to back out and in such case they
will act as a unit. Men also say that
the Governor tried to give them a "long
distance jolly" in giving out the im
pression that the pay was to be J2.
Lieutenant-Colonel Johnson is now
directing the affairs of the regiment.
It is understood that Colonel Berry of
Fresno, who is in Alaska, cannot pos
sibly reach here till after the companies
have been sworn into the Unit»d States
service in case they decide to go.
Colonel Johnson has not been con
sulted anyway, and the men regard the
proceedings as giving the Sixth a cold
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 29, 1898.
shoulder all around. Reports from
different cities to-night, where other
companies of the regiment are located,
are to the effect that they followed
largely the action of the companies
here. The officers refuse to talk for
publication, but they talk freely with
the men, and it is not hard to learn
that they think they have been badly
treated. It seems that about the only
remedy for preservation of discipline
and good feeling is an early call to ac
tion.
The Fifth Infantry.
OAKLAND, April 28.— This was a
busy night at the armory of Company
A, Fifth Infantry. The enrollment
pledge, as ordered by Colonel Fair
banks, was opened and signed by all
the members present. The roll Is head
ed as follows:
"We, the undersigned members of
Company A, Fifth Regiment, Second
Brigade, N. G. C, hereby severally en
roll ourselves for muster as United
States volunteers and will present our
selves to the United States officers de
tailed to receive us whenever notified
by the Governor of California to appear
for muster."
The special order also says: "All offi
cers who wish commissions as affi
cers of United States volunteers must
immediately forward written applica
tion with medical certificate showing
physical condition."
The local companies are confident of
marching out with full ranks.
ARTILLERYMEN.
A Number of Applicants
Listed—Medical Examin
ation o? Officers.
The all-absorbing topic of interest at
the headquarters of the First Infantry of
the National Guard last night was the
examination of thirty-four of the forty
six commissioned officers of the regiment.
The examination was conducted by Mav'-r
W. D. McCarthy and Captains P. J. 11.
Farrell and Theodore Rethers of the
surgeon-general's staff, under instruc
tions received from Governor Budd yes
terday, in which it was stated that all
commissioned officers of the National
Guard cf the Slate must, if desiring a
commission in the volunteer service of
the army, first file their application and
appear for medical examination. The ex
aminations made last night are said to
have been very thorough and will havo
to pass the scrutiny of Surgeon-General
Hopkins.
The ■■ffieers of Company F. First In
fantry, were busily engaged until a late
hour last night listing applicants for
membership in the company, and a large
number of men already elected were
sworn jn.
The center of attraction, however, was
at the headquarters of Captain S. L.
Naphtaly, recruiting officer of the heavy
I artillery, corner of Tenth and Market
streets, where 105 applicants were listed,
bringing the total for the two days dur
ing which the office has been open up to
I 232 men, a large number of whom have
! seen service in the regular army and in
I the National Guards of California, Mon-
I tana, Missouri, Texas and Utah. There
I are also a number who have served in
the armies of foreign countries.
Late yesterday afternoon Captain S. I*
Naphtaly, recruiting officer of the heavy
artillery, notified all newly enlisted mm
i in that'branch of the service to report at
| the armory, corner of Tenth and Market
Btreets, this morning at 10 o'clock. The
following is a complete list of the names
of applicants filed yesterday:
William BamWt 28, George Brehm 4<\ John
I,ennert 29. Kmiert 13pnnett 2R, George Casey
?,n, ,T. V. Robinson 43, (leorgo H. Farbei 25. R.
DoolltUe 44, J. McFarland 31, A. \V. Tipton
23 W U Biles 31. J- W. HemmhiKway 41, J.
Colby 31, Gk W. Decker 3^, E Kaufman 2S,
W. H. Thompson 44, A. Pose 34, S. \V. LanK
horn 28, P. O. Brouwer 23, -B. Johnson 23, J.
SIGN THE ROLL.
The following order was issued yesterday by Adjutant General Barrett
to the different brigadier generals of the National Guard:
"SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., April 28. IS9B.
"To the Brigadier Generals: In view of a telegram from the adjutant
general of the United States army, the Governor directs that you cause the
members of each company in your command, who wish to enlist, to sign
a roll bearing the following heading, viz: 'We. the undersigned members
of Company , hereby severally enroll ourselves for muster as United
States volunteers, and will present ourselves to the United States officer
detailed to receive us, whenever notified by the Governor of California to
appear for muster.' The Governor also desires all regimental and com
pany officers who wish commissions as officers of United States volun
teers to immediately forward written application with medical certificate
showing physical condition.
"As each company completes roll telegraph fact with number enrolled,
and transmit roll by mail special delivery.
"A. W. BARRETT, Adjutant General.
R. Van Anden 23, A. Munson 35, R. Jackson
EB, P. Donavan 22, L. S. Hoag 41. W. B. Ram-
Bey 21, E. Caaacaux 25, Thumas Williams 40,
G. Kolllga :;■:. 1.. P. Armstrong- 24, Charles
■Wall -'6, James Clark 40. W. T. Miner 28, B. F.
Markey 25, W. R. Wing is, Fred Goepel 26,
Charles Len.ihan.22. .1. \\\ Powern 23, J. J.
Shea 1!S. John Koeneman 29, James Hughes 21,
John Schinkel 21, James Whaley 23, S. Olagni
86, H. Miller 37, J. J. Black 31, E. Schmitt 35,
H. M. Tyrrcl 22. J. Meyer 44, H. Thomas 32,
F. S. Ingerson 34, J. Winner 22, H. Wolfinger
•::i. K. P. Henry 26, W. J. Healey 38, F. Sparr
bohni 26, Thomas Burke 25, William Lyons 30.
A. Galvln 13, O. Heine 18, A. Beniamin 33, C.
Starrett -6, E. Anderson 23, A. Tothmer 29,
William Irennen 42, J. Watklns 27, J. F Best
3'i, J. Y. ung 37, T. A. Kragnes 32, J. B. Moore
22, J. Walser 29, G. 13. Rice 39. H. N Lowe 20
H. Amark 19, L. A. McDonald 38. J. C. Ander
son 30. M. Welch 37, J. H. Ba?«=ford 34, C J.
Anderson 35. G. C. Dusenbury 21, C. W Clif
ton 30, P. W. Gorman 36. John Reardon 30 W
A. Englnr.d 2P. George Tir.y 25, Thomas Daw
son 34, Fred H. Butlner 21. G. E. Stewart 20,
Jacob 11. lteitzel 37. Charles H. Kinney 36.
Charles '*r. Austin 37. P. R. Montgomery IS,
Henry Kubank 21, Joseph Campbell 39, A E
Tilden "i. Nick Haban 31, J.,S. Wheeler 30 J.
M. Coyne 26. Walter Graham 21, W. A. Bourne
19, 11. I'.arrer 2$ W. S. Wilde 23, J. Killilea
24, r,.;,,-rre \V. Kohinson 25. Otto Tashner SS,
Theodore R"inhard 28, H. D. Ryan 22, A H
Doty 22. William H. Hosmer 41. S. J. Solley
■:,A, John Hewitt 28. John Philips Jr. 24 William
H. Faujoy 40. S. Gradwohl 23. Edward Gass
well 23, O. Rohard 31, Charles Dorries 21 Ter
ence McGovern 35, H. Murphy 2!, S J Girvin
K. W. F. Ryan 22. William McMenomy 19 R
T Burke 19. A. J. Minrette 21. Walter D
Young 45, George Johnson 25, John Lambert 19.
Faraday Clove! 36. E. L. Miller 48. James Lit'
tlejohn 30, R. Obermann .",2, Fred A. Spitz 2: : .
Loyal C. Moore 22. W, F. Magulre 19 W C
Allen 42. William Lyons 17. Emanuel H Lew
39, Edward F. Springer IS, James Feeney 2S
Robert Bnyd 24, A. J. Martlneau 19, John B
j Hughes 32. Kenry Anderson 25. S. L. Helliwell
38, James W. Keenan 29, Frank A. Qlesting 18
INFANTRY TROOPS.
Strength of the California
National Guard as Re
cently Reported.
The following tabulated strength of the
National Guard by companies was given
out yesterday afternoon by the adjutant
general:
The reports not dated are up to and
inclusive of April 1. and the remainder
are inclusive of March 1. as that was the
latest date up to which some of the com-
I panics could furnish an official tabulation
I of their strength.
First Infantry — Headquarters, 47 men; Com
pany A. 86; Company I>, 60; Company C. 72,
I March 3: Company F>, 64, March 1; Company
]:. S2, March 1: Company F, 06, March 1; Com
| pany G, 67, March 1; Company 11, 51; Com- |
1 pany I, 77, March 1; Compaky X, 57; Com
pany L. f.;t; Company M. *57. Total, 755.
Cadet Compan- 55, March 1.
Second Infantry— Headquarters, 43 men;
Company A, 66; Company B. 60; Company C, ;
i". .March 1; Company D, 68: Company E, 59;
Company F, 58; Company O. 63; Company 11,
SS: Company I, 66. Total, 602.
Fiftli Infantry— Numherof men: Headquarters,
■ 43; Company A, 66; Company B. 66; Company
C, 58, March 1: Company D, 57; Company E,
56; ''ompany F. C 9; Company G, 55; Company j
H. 52. Total, 621.
Sixth Infantry— Headquarters. 43; Company ]
A, 60; Company B, 58; Company C, 80, March '
1: Company P. 60, March >; Company E,
63: Company F, 67; Company G, 64; Company
H. 81. Total, 501.
Seventh Infantry — Headquarters, 47; Company
A, 57: Company B, 60; Company C, 73; Com
pany D. 58. March 1: Company E, 4S; Com- j
pany F, M; Company O, 56, March 1; Com- j
pany H, 57. March 1 : Company I. 54, March
1: Company K. 55, March 1; Company L. 59, i
March 1: Company M, 75, March 1. Total. "55
Sanitary Corps estimated about 6S enlisted
ment. (No report).
Bands estimated at 20 men per regiment.
Recapitulation —
i First Infantry 7*5
Second Infantry 602
Fifth Infantry 821
Sixth Infantry 501
Seventh Infantry 755
Total 3164
(Sanitary Corps not Included.)
SAN FRANCISCO
HUSSARS.
At a council of officers of troops A and
B, San Francisco Hussars, held Monday
evening at 403 Market street. C. L. Stahle,
formerly of the United States cavalry
service, was appointed a corporal in
Troop A. All other appointments were
left over until the next council. This
evening- the enlisted men of the two
troops will be sworn in at Armory Hall,
Pythian Castle, and a general invitation
to be present has been extended to those
desirous of enlisting.
.«. .
READY FOR SERVICE.
At a recent meeting of the Austrian
Military and Benevolent Association a
resolution was unanimously adopted to
the effect that the members of the asso
ciation stood ready to tender their serv
ices to the United States Government
whenever called upon. The association
numbers 200 men, all well drilled, and
many who have Been service iv Europe.
"Samson" as an Oratorio.
Salnt-Saens' "Samson and Delilah," ah
opera that never, even under the most fa
vorable dramatic auspices, has been called
an oratorio, was sung as an oratorio
last night by the San Francisco Oratorio
Society at the Odd Fellows' Hall. Rhys
Thomas was the Samson and Miss Yves
Remyngton the Delilah; S. Homer Hen
ley "doubled" in the parts of the High
Priest and Abimelech; Charles L. Parent
Jr. "doubled" as An Old Hebrew and the
Second Philistine; Arthur Mesmer was
the First Philistine, and Clarence Wendell
the Philistine Messenger. The orchestra
was seldom in tune and behaved badly,
and the good vocal material in the chorus
was made but little of under the tame
direction of James Hamilton Howes.
It would be impossible to fairly criticize
the Saint-Saens music through such an
interpretation. Of the soloists, Rhys
Thomas alone did notable well.
Coolies to Be Deported.
A company of twenty-one luckless
coolies In charge of six Deputy United
States Marshals were taken to the County
Jail last evening, where they will be held
until Saturday, when they will be de
ported. Five of them were brought up
from New Mexico under charge of C. M
Foraker, and the remaining sixteen came
from Texas in charge of a posse of
Deputy Marshals headed by R. H. Mer
rem. All of the Chinese entered the
country along the Mexican' border. Unit
ed States Commissioners Maxey and Mar-
shall are the Magistrates in whose courts
the Chinese were ordered deported.
Box Factory Fire.
An alarm was turned in from box 152
at 5 o'clock last evening for a fire in the
American Box Factory at 815-825 Bran
nan street. The damage amounted to
only $25, but a serious blaze was avoided
by the prompt work of the Fire 'Depart
ment. The blaze started over the boilers
in some sawdust which had collected, and
became ignited from overheating the
boilers.
:'.:—: ■ ♦ ■ .
Lost His Bicycle.
Mose Morris, Thirtieth and Noe streets,
' swore to a complaint in Judge Joachlm
; sen's court yesterday for the arrest of
• Harry Fee, a bicycle agent on Market
I street, on a charge of embezzlement,
i Morris alleges that he took his bicycle on
j March 14 to Fee's store to be repaired,
i Since then he has been unable to get it
back, Fee claiming that It was stolen
i irom his store.
Her Skull Fractured.
Elsa McFarland, a girl about 3 years of
age, living with her parents at 418 Golden
Gate avenue, fell or was run over by a
team in front of her parents' residence
yesterday afternoon. She was found un
conscious on the sidewalk by her mother
and taken to the Receiving Hospital. Dr.
Weill found Ihat there was a lacerated
wound on her forehead and that her
skull was sliphtly fractured.
Knocked Down by a Team.
George H. Barsche of San Mateo and
his wife were crossing Market street at
Fifth yesterday afternoon, when he was
knocked down by a passing team. He
was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where a lacerated wound in his scalp was
stitched and dressed. He also complained
of internal injuries.
Fractured His Leg.
John J. McCormack, a carpenter em
ployed by the San Francisco Launcn
Company at North Point, had both bones
of his right leg broken yesterday after
noon and was taken to the Receiving
Hospital. A heavy log of wood fell a
distance of three or four feet, striking
him on the leg.
Read about Famous Bombardment*
in next Sunday's Call.
FRATERNAL SOCIETIES.
ANCIENT ORDER OF FORESTERS.
The picnic committee of the Ancient
Order of Foresters for the year 180S has
organized by the selection of the follow
ing officers: President, Max Boehm: vice
president, Mrs. Temberthe; secretary,
John Falconer; treasurer, P. Coppin: and
guard. Mrs. Wetmore. All the sub-com
mittees have been appointed. The For
APPRECIATION FROM
COLONEL MILES.
He Speaks for the Boys of His Regiment
About Their Farewell.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST INFANTRY. MILITARY SPECIAL,
En route to New Orleans, April 25. IS9S.
To the Editor of The Call, San Francisco, Cal.— Dear Sir: In behalf of
the officers and enlisted men of the First United States Infantry I desire
to express through the columns of your paper their high appreciation of
the patriotic demonstration of the citizens of San Francisco during the
march of the regiment through your city April 20.
We do not flatter ourselves that the demonstration was an expression of
the feeling of friendship toward the individual members of the regiment,
but rather the patriotic sentiment for the flag we carry, and which we
have sworn to cherish and defend.
Though we were not able to show our appreciation, our hearts were
touched by the flowers and good wishes, and of all the many pleasant
souvenirs engraved in our hearts' memory the march through San Fran
cisco will be ever among the dearest and most enduring. With esteem,
esters will be aided In their work by the
Companions o-f the Forest. There will be
gate and game prizes.
The committee of 1898 has been busy in
Oakland for some time past making
preparations for the entertainment of the
delegates to the Subsidiary High Court,
which is to meet next month in Oakland.
There will be an exemplification of the
new ritualistic work by a selected team;
then there will be a banquet.
IMPROVED ORDER OF RED MEN.
Great Sachem F. A. Whipple during the
past week in company with Charles F.
Burgman, great chief of records, and
other chiefs, paid official visits to Grey
Eagle, Teeumseh and Ah-Wah-Nee tribes
of Oakland, Pawnee Tribe of Alameda
and Pocahontas Tribe of this city. In
each wigwam the visiting chiefs were cor
dially received and were pleased to note
that each was in good condition. During
the current week the great sachem will
visit as follows: Monday, Mincloa Coun
cil and Mctamora Tribe : Redwood
City; Tuesday, White Eagle Tribe, this
city; Wednesday, Oshone Tribe, this city;
Thursday, Sotoyome and Modoc tribes,
this city, and Friday, Winnemucca and
Arapahoe tribes, this city.
The great sachem has issued a circular
in which he urges the membership to cap
ture palefaces, reinstate suspended mem
bers and confer with those members who
are ncaring the suspension limit that they
may be retained in the order, so that the
reservation of California may, during the
jubilee year, make as good a showing as
any of the other reservations.
Cocopah Tribe, after the close of Its last
held council, gave a smoker in Its wig
wam that was attended by many Red
? T en and by palefaces who spent a very
pleasant evening.
Reports from Slsklyou Tribe of Scotts
River are flattering and show that the
membership is active and striving hard to
Increase its numerical strength.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
'iiie logging bee of Calumet Camp,
given In Red Men's Hall last Tuesday
night, was a very enjoyable affair. There
were present a number of members of
other camps, who, as well as invited
guests, were treated to an evening's en
tertainment of oratory, music and song
and a collation.
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE.
The hop recently given by Young La
dies' Institute No. 7. in Native Sons" Hall,
was a delightful affair, and there was a
large attendance. The grand march was
led by Miss Mac Stein, president of the
institute, and Samuel Haskins, grand
president of the Young Men's Institute.
Miss Stein wore a handsome corn-colored
taffeta silk, trimmed with turquoise vel
vet, and she carried a bouquet of reseda
roses. The march included the beauti
ful and intricate figures of the cotillon,
and was a very pretty sight.
THE THIRD BRIGADE.
VISALIA, April 23.— The patriotic mil
itary fever is strong here at this time.
A few days since Captain Ward, com
manding Company E, Sixth Infantry,
posted a notice at the armory announc
ing that he desired men to bring up his
company to the maximum wimber, 103,
rank and file. In less than tivo days he
secured more applications than he re
quired. Several of the high school boys
enlisted. One of these wno could not ob
tain the consent of .his parents to join the
company went home in diSRUSt and ex
pressed the hope that some Spaniard
might "do him up," for he wanted to
fight for his country, but was not al
lowed to.
A number of the business men of this
place who are members of the local mili
tary company have for some time past
been putting their affairs in order, so
that if called into service, they may be
able to leave at a moment's notice.
Captain Fred W. Ward, whose term as
captain of Company E has just expired,
has been appointed adjutant of the Sixth
Regiment, vice Othello Scribner. This is
a promotion that has come to a worthy
officer.
George W. Stewart, who succeeds Cap
tain Ward as commander of Company E,
has decided to go to the front with his
men whenever ordered. He was lately in
stalled as registrar of the United States
land office, and as a Federal officer would
be exempt from service. He will, how
ever, put a substitute in his office instead
cf in the ranks.
Company E was Inspected on the 22d
inst., and the men made a very credit
able showing. There was more interest
manifested at that inspection than there
has been at any for many years past.
Colonel T. J. Hay of Fresno was present
during the inspection.
Samuel T. Hulen and John L. Bowen
have been appointed corporals of the
local company, and they are engaged In
drilling the awkward squad.
RIFLE PRACTICE.
This afternoon there will be a meeting
in brigade headquarters of the several In
spectors of rifle practice in response to st
call from Colonel Park Henshaw, inspecJ
tor general of rifle practice. While it Is
not known what portion of the guard will
be selected for service under the call fo*
California's quota of volunteers, it is thi
desire to establish rules and regulations
for rifle practice that the balance of thi
guard may fully comprehend at the nexfc
State shoot. It is expected that the ex
isting rules and regulations will be ra
vised so that those who will be calleli
upon to face the targets, in order to pef
fect themselves in the art of marksmaifi
ship, will know just what is expected of
them. The time has come when every
man in the guard should know how to
shoot well, and the men declare that the
rules should be such as to encourage
them instead of hampering them as do
the present rules.
THE NAVAL MILITIA, j '{':
Active work is being kept up cm board
of the ' Marlon and no one, not members
of the National Guard or of the United
States' army or navy, is' permitted to
board the vessel. The same rule is en
forced on board of the Pinta at San
Diego.
t The 1 men of the two divisions at this
port are being: instructed in deck, drill
an<l in battalion movements, while the
recruits who have enlisted in/ the past
two* weeks,: and there- are Quit/a a num
ber of them, including many of those
who " at one ■ time were members of the
militia, are being 1 instructed /in all the
movements that a first-class Jiaval mili
tiaman has to know. -; /
The officers are . not behind /in perfect
ing themselves ,in navigation; under In
structor. McMillan. /
Colonel First Infantry-
GUNNERS ALERT
AT FORT POINT
Artillery Troops Are on
Duty Day and
Night
Work Ready for Volunteer Ar
tillery Men Under Cali
fornia's Quota.
Suggestion That th« Naval R«»erT9
Should B« Used for Patrol
Duty Outside.
Colonel M. P. Miller, Third Artillery,
commanding the defenses of San Francis
co harbor, has withdrawn the garrisons
from Angel Island and Black Point and
re-enforced the garrison at Fort Point.
The formidable battery of 12-inch
breech-loading rifled guns at Lime Point
and the auxiliary battery of smaller cali
ber guns are manned by Captain Birk
himer's Battery L of the Third Artillery.
The guns at Alcatraz are handled by
Captain Hobbs' Battery X, Third Artillery.
The mortar and dynamite batteries and
the modern 12-inch and 10-inch disappear-
r lng rifles at Fort Point are manned by
Battery A, First Lieutenant Rumbough;
: Battery H, Captain James O'Hara; Bat
tery I, Captain Danes; Battery G, First
Lieutenant Randolph; and Battery E,
Captain Pratt.
The Presidio Is garrisoned by a squad
ron of the Fourth United States Cavalry,
Lieutenant-Colonel Morris commanding.
Troop X is commanded by Captain Ben
son, Troop I by Captain Lockett, Troop
C by Captain Gale and Troop B by First
Lieutenant Neall.
Constant vigilance is maintained day
and night at the reservation to guard
against the intrusion of suspicious char
acters. Strangers and unauthorized per
sons are not allowed to approach the
magazines or guns.
The force at the outer works was aug
mented yesterday by the arrival of Bat
tery E from Fort Mason and Battery G
from Angel Island. The men are at the
guns day and night, and are therefore
ready to open fire on any suspicious craft
seeking to enter the bay. So far as can
be ascertained, Colonel Miller has not
been advised that the naval force is main
taining a vigilant patrol outside the
heads. A sharp lookout is maintained,
however, from the shore, and a vessel of
the enemy could not approach without
some warming signal. It seems strange,
however, (that the excellent naval re
eerve Is not placed on duty to patrol the
° HMs just possible that the naval
authorities, trusting to the remoteness of
San Francisco from the scene of active
hostilities, are serenely taking it for
granted that no Spanish cruiser or gun
boat would dare come to this harbor.
The appointment of Colonel Miller to
command the defenses of the harbor Is
regarded by army officers as timely. They
figure that he will take the necessary
precautions to prevent surprise by stealth
as well as to resist open attack. The
presence in the bay of the Monterey, com
manded by the gallant Carlin, is contem
plated with much satisfaction at this
1 From this on until the close of the war
the soldiers of tne Third Artillery' •will
live on the tented field. The distance from
the Presidio Barracks to the guns at Fort
Point is too great to be traversed In
event of attack, hence the tents will be
pitched near the guns. _.._-. .. „«,
There is not the slightest doubt that
plans of the workß commanding the har
bor of San Francisco are in the posses
sion of the Spanish military and naval
authorities. Captain Casa. military at
tache of the Spanish Legation at Wash
ington, was in this city last winter for
several weeks, the guest of the Spanish
Consul, and while he was here had ample
opportunity to stroll about the works. He
was here before the Maine was destroyed
and before the orders were Issued prohib
iting strangers from strolling In the re
gion of the batteries. Knowing the for
midable character of the defenses, ha
would probably advise the Spanish Gov
ernment to beware of attacking this city.
Since he left these parts the defenses
have been materially strengthened by the
addition of rapid fire guns. The location
of these guns has not been made public
The Lime Point position has been made
exceedingly formidable in many ways
during the past month.
Inasmuch as the Government has with
drawn from the forces in this harbor the
battle-ship Oregon, the monitor Monad
nock, one regiment of infantry and two
light batteries of artillery, there should
be no delay in recruiting for immediate
use the four batteries of heavy artillery
called for by the Secretary of War. It is
obvious to the officers of the united
States army that California was called
upon to furnish four batteries of heavy
artillery in order that the force of rol
diers for the defense of this harbor
should be Increased. The proposition is
advanced that the first battery of volun
teers should be mustered in as soon as
the required number of men respond to
the call. The muster in of the others
should follow as soon as they are re
cruited.
Major Davis, United States engineers,
has been placed in charge of the light
house service of the Pacific.
Upon recommendation of the chief sur
geon of this department, Major William
H. Corbusier, surgeon, will, in addition to
his present duties, render medical attend
ance to the garrison at Fort Baker.
"Women of the Bed Cross and
What They are Doing in the War,»»
in next Sunday's Call.
910
FOR EIGHT
HOT ROUNDS
"Kid" McPartland and
Joe Walcott Fight to
a Draw.
Walcott Rushes the First Two
Rounds and Keeps the Kid
in His Corner.
But After That the Battle Was Fast
and Furious, and Honors
Were About Even.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DETROfr. April 28.— "Kid" McPart
land and Joe "Walcott fought elglit
rounds to a draw here to-night. Wal
cott rushed the first two rounds and
kept the "Kid" in. his corner. In the
subsequent rounds the fight was fast
and the honors about even.
RACES ON THREE TRACKS.
Winners of Evients at Aqueduct, Cin
cinnati and Montgomery Park.
NEW YORK, April 2S.— The track at
Aqueduct was a sea of mud to-day. Re
■ults:
Four and a half furlongs, selling. Ef
fervescent won, Extreme second. Ninety
Cents third. Time, :SS.
Owners' handicap, six furlongs. The
Manxman won. Bannock second, Tre
margo third. Time, 1:18%.
Four and a half furlongs, Prestidiglta
trice won. Dr. Fitzsimmons second.
Chanler third. Time, :r.7;.
The Averane stakos, about seven fur
longs. Sly Fox won. Tabouret Becond,
AVarrenton third. Time, 1:30 2-5.
One mile and forty yards, selling, Dog
gett won, Festa second. Ben Ronald
third. Time, 1:62 1-5.
Six furlongs, selling, Come Quick won.
Duchess Annette second, Friscat third.
Time. 1:21 2-5.
CINCINNATI, April 2S. — Weather
cloudy; track fast. Results:
Five and a half furlongs, selling. Duch
ess of York won. Miss C second. Aroline
third. Time, 1:09.
Four and a half furlongs, Kentucky
Colone! won, SDirituelle second, Rhine
lander third. Time. :fo.
Onf> mile, Komuarsaki won. Lanky Bob
second. Ktlps Krinjrle third. Time, l:4l^i.
Seven furlongs, selling, Evaline won.
Rockwall second, Lufra third Time
I:*H.
One mile and fifty yards, selling. Judge
Baker won. Mips Frances second, Durley
E third. Time. 1:44^.
One mile and fifty yards, selling. Pop
Dixon won. Friar John second, Loyalty
third. Time, 1:44i 4 .
MEMPHIS, April 28.— Results at Mont
gomery Park :
Four furlongs, selling. The Kentuckian
won. Red Admiral second, Lostatious
third. Time. :50.
Six furlongs, selling, Nina Louise won.
Winslow second, Oninoor third. Time,
I !
Five furlongs, the Memphis stake, two
year-olds, Faustum won. Pirate Judge
second. Cathedral third. Time. I:>*\.
One and a half miles, selling. C. S. Bush
won. Traveler second, Celtic Bard third.
Time. 2:41%.
Six furlongs, selling, Al Lone won, Se
dan second. High Jinks third. Time,
1:16 U.
One and a quarter miles, five hurdles,
Alfonsina won. T'nele Jim second, Bob
Neeley third. Time. 2:22.
On Eastern Diamonds.
CINCINNATI, April 28.— The Reds cap
tured the postponed game from the In
dian? to-day. Cleveland played poorly in
the field, and could not hit Breitenstein
at opportune times. Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 5 7 0
Cleveland 3 8 4
Batteries— Brettenstein and Peltz; Wilson and
O'Connor, t'mplres — O'Day and McDonald.
WASHINGTON, April 2S.— The Wash-.
lngton-New York game was postponed on
account of rain.
BALTIMORE. April 2S.— The Baltimore-
Brooklyn game was postponed owing to
the rain.
PHILADELPHIA. April 25.-The Phila
(JHphla-Roston ball game has been post
poned because of the rain.
Won by Gilt Edges.
GRASS VALLEY, April 28.— A hotly
contested game between the Gilt Edges
of Sacramento and the Mnnarchs of this
city was won by the former by a score of
10 to 8. Harvey pitched the first five and
Doyle the last four innings for the Gilt
Edges, the latter being hit hard. O^er
myer ami Whitburn were the battery for
the home team.
FOR DUTY AT THE
COLUMBIA'S MOUTH.
Some River Vessel Will Be Armed
and Manned by the Oregon
Naval Beserve.
PORTLAND, Or., April 28.— A Wash
ington special says: It is the intention
of the Navy Lkepartment to have one
auxiliary naval vessel stationed at the
mouth of the Columbia River for its
protection or in case of necessity. The
probabilities are that one of the mer
chant vessels which has been in the
■ service in the Columbia River will be
used for this purpose, or some vessel
that can readily be obtained in the
Columbia. She will probably be
manned with six-pounders and rapid
fire guns. The Oregon Naval Reserve
Will probably be mustered in for ser
vice as a crew. But it is desired that
men familiar with the river and the Pa
cific Northwest be in command or in
position to render service on board the
cruiser.
APPOINTING OFFICERS
FOR SAN JOSE.
SAN JOSE. April 28.— The appointive
board elected at the recent election to
fill various commissions created under
the new charter hold Its first meeting
this evening. After a short executive
session the following appointments were
made:
Police and Fire Commission— William
Osterm.i.n, Thomas F. Morrison, D*. L.
Finnigan. William Carmlchael and An
drew S. MricKenzie.
Library Trust res— Theodore F. Lenzcn
T. J. Stone. George W. Morehead, J. J.
McLaurin and Dan J. McGinley.
Board of Health— Drs. William Simpson,
George W. S.-il'it. J. J. Miller, Robert
Caldwell and J. I*. Hall Jr.
Another mooting will bo hold to-morrow
evening, when it is expected the balance
of the appointive officers will be named.
A Bone of Contention.
PALO AT/TO. April 28.— The junior
farce entitled "A Bone of Contention,"
written by Wallace A. Irwin '00, was
played in Encina Gymnasium this even
ing and was received with great satisfac
tion by a jolly college audience. The
theme was the annual rush between
■ophomores and freshmen, and was ampli
fied by a realistic and lively encounter
on the stage. The parts were all exceed
ingly well taken and the plot showed
considerable talent. The cast included
the following students" \V. al. r^rba, F-
F. Rogers, J. K. Bonnell, C.'M. Bradley,
Pascal Smith, W. L. Bell, I. M. Noble,
Ralph Arnold, Q. T. Forsyth and Misses
Helen McMillan, May Ferrel and Eliza
beth Lewis.
''How to Succeed as a Journalist,"
by one of the greatest newspapermen
in the country; in next Sunday's
Call.
MR. HOBART NOW
IN THE CHASE
Scored a Win Astride
William OB in the
Gentlemen's Race.
In a Fierce Drive O'Connell
Was Beaten a Nose by
Tripping.
Four Choices Toppled Over — Hunts
man First In the Steeplechase
at Odds of 13 to L
Another gentlemen's race has been de
cided, and one more name finds a place on
the beautiful silver trophy offered by the
Pacific Coast Jockey Club to be given to
the rider thrice successful in finishing
first. Mr. Skinner, Mr. Dunphy and Mr.
Walter in the past have each scored a
win. and yesterday Walter Hobart, well
known the country over to lovers of the
thoroughbred, placed himself on an equal
ity with the gentlemen named in the con
test by piloting William O"B to victory
in clever style. The big bay horse was
favorite in the betting, and Mr. Hobart
at his very best in the saddle, never left
the result in doubt, leading from the
start, and finishing half a length before
Metaire in a jollying finish. Henry Fors
land, on the latter, rode an ill-timed race,
making his supreme effort when the race
was beyond his grasp. Tulare, with Mr.
Hume in the saddle, was a good third.
The racing throughout was the best of
the week, and racegoers were out in
large numbers. The bookmakers had an
inning, for four well played favorites were
rocked to sleep.
In the opening three and a half furlong
scramble for 2-year-olds, Gold Fin, the
favorite, experienced no difficulty in
downing a large field with ease. In a
drive, Eddie Ames on the 30 to 1 shot
Britomartls took the place from Cross
molina by half a length.
The eastern sprinter O'Connell met with
a piece of hard luck- in the six-furlong
sprint. Backed from 7 down to 4Vs. when
apparently winning a furlong from the
wire Perry broke one of his stirrups, and
"Skeets" Martin on Imp. Tripping got the
verdict by a nose in 1:18%. Recreation,
the favorite, could not keep up, finishing
last behind Sardonic.
The crowd got aboard Reno at even
money to win the short course steeple
chase, and after leading over the first
two jumps that "lepper" was raced off
his feet, ultimately fetching up a distant
third. Huntsman, with Shepard up and
15 to 1 in the closing betting, fenced in
superb fashion and won easily from Our
Climate, another outsider. Oov. Budd,
Silverado and Esperance all came to
grief.
The seven-furlong selling run was cap
tured by Elsmore, second choice in the
hotting, ridden by "Skeets" Martin.
Thorpe on the favorite, Don Luis, was a
trifle late In getting up, and in a drive
was beaten a neck.
The faint-hearted Midas was sent to
the post favorite for the concluding five
and a half furlong scramble, and after
leading to the stretch began to falter.
Thorpe, on Naranja, then took the lead,
and stalling 1 off the rush made by Martin
on Fortuna, got the decision by less than
a length.
TRACK NOTES.
Eddie Jones wu again given a. hearing be
fore the stewards of the California Jockey
Club yesterday forenoon. Nothing of import
ance was developed and the case of the sus
i pended rider remains unchanged.
The Judges sttll have Mr. Corri&an'B protest
apalnst the claiming of Chihuahua by Tom
Cooke early In the week under advisement.
Trainer Jimmy Coffey has a two-years' lease
on five superbly bred two-year-olds owned by
Prince Ponlatowskl. The most promising; ones
of the bunch are St. Kristlne. Violence and
Cleodoro. Jimmy pays all expenses Incurred In
training and takes 60 per cent of their win
nings.
Perry, who for the first time In this suction
of the country appeared up on the back of
O'Connell, Is no novice, as he piloted the big
sprinter In winning races East. Breaking a
stirrup lost him the race. He lost his balance
when the wire was reached, falling to the
ground.
The Pacific Coast Jockey Club has again en
gaged the services of James F. Caldwell to do
th*» starting at Ingleslde during the season
18S»S-K<. His starting during the season about
to close has been far above the average and
no l>etter selection could have been made.
The twin foals recently dropped by Irene E
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB-Ingleslde Track-153d day of the
Winter Meeting, Thursday, April 28, 1898. Weather fine. Track
fast.
,•^0 FIRST RACE— Three and a half furlongs;
purse, $350.
924 Goldfln 110 2 11 ... 1 14 Thorpe 6-
936 Brltomartls 106 6 ... ... 2h ... 2Mt Ames ...; 8
lsil 5 i Crossmolina 11l 4 3 1 ... 3hi Clayton I
I*l Feven»ham 108 1 7 1 ... 4Mi Clawson ..... :
819 Sir I rian 106 7 8 1 ... 6 2 R. Narvaez.. 2
536 Abano 110; 3 9 2 ... Cl Shields ......
?i 5 £[ Bta £ cc mS *•* -. 7 M H. Martin.... ■<
>«1 V" fretter 11l 8 ... ... 6 1 ... .8 M G. Wilson.... V
949 Key Hooker 108 1 9 ... ... 10 1 ... 9 2 Oouln ........ 1:
924 Chilcoot Pass 107110 ... ... 112 ... 103 Taylor 3
924 Zacratoso 108 11 6hi ... 112 Miller !.. :
... Jennie Reid 105 12 12 ... 12 2 Enos ;... 9
•■• Cheated 110 13 ... ... 13 ... 13 Cairns 3'
692 Gllberto 109 jl4 14 ... 14 Plg ott 4
Tlme^ :43V4. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's b. c. by Imp. Gold Finch-Poesy,
start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
1 1
2 h
8 1
7 1
8 1
9 2
4 M
6 1
10 1
11 2
6 4
12
13
14
1 14
2 4
3 4
4 4
6 2
C 1.
m
9 2
10 3
11 2
12 2
13
14 .
>rpe
es
yton
wson
Narvaez..
elds
Martin....
W11R0n....
6-5
30
6
8
20
■ *
6
10
12
30
8
30
30
40
-5 1
30 80
6 8
8 10
20 40
♦ 5
6 8
10 20
12 12
30 100
8 20
JO 100
JO 100
«0 40
Good
1
80
8
10
40
5
8
20
12
100
20
100
100
40
iln
■lor
ler
>s
ms
gott
,yO SECOND RACE— Six furlongs;
puree, $350.
935 Imp. Tripping, 4 :
806 O'Connell, a I
963 Sardonic, 8 ]
879 Recreation, 8
1
4
2
Z
8 1
4
2 2
4
2 V 4
1 8
3 H
1 ns
JJ 3*3 *
S3
4
Martin
3
6
4
6-6
6-2
9-2
7-2
8-5
ry ........ |
nrson . . . ; . .
mJtm
ods
Time, 1:13%. Winner, W. B. Jennings & Co.'s eh. f. by Saraband-Imp. Ixla. Fair start
Won nrst three driving.
74.
THIKD RACE— One mile;
$500.
671 William 08, 5 1
962 Metatre, 5 ]
9«2 Tulare. 4 i
Xt Atticus, 4 1
9f»2 O'Fleta. 6 ]
965 Mike Rice, 5 ]
962 Little Crlppl", .'i ■ ..■'
1
2
4
5
3
7
6
11/
2 4
5 1
6 12
3 24
4 1
7
1 14
3 h
4 h
6 20
2 hi
f. 1
7
1 1
4H
3 4
6 3
2%
6 2
7
11" 1 Mi
44 2 2
2h 3 5
C 34 6
3 2 6 30
640 * 650
7. 7
•. Hobart...
■. Forsland.
•. Hume
•. Dunphy..
•. Waller...
2 11-5
8 6-2
4 6
10 15
10 12
8 6
10 20
•. Skinner..
Tlm*>, 1:45%,. Winner, Farrar & Tubervllle'B b. h. by Apache-Flora
first three driving.
Fair start.
Won
I7S FOURTH RACE— Handicap steeplechase; short course; three-year-olds and ud-
* %J» ward; purse, $400.
9"2 Huntsman, 6 1
951 Our Climate, 5 |
951 Reno, a !
951 Gov. Budd, 5
Xl Silverado, a I
901 Kspeiance. a :
2 3 8
4 2 h
1 1 2
5 £50
3 4 hi
6 6
2 Mi
4 2
1 hi
3 2
•
5
1 hi
2 1
4
3 4
1 4
2 2
3
•
1 5
2 100
3
1 15
2 200
3
•Q
in
is
ma ....
•Fell. " ~ ~
Time 4:11H- Winner, P. Herzogs b. g. by Prince of Norfolk-Haldee. Good start Won
easily. Second driving.
I"7 A FIFTH RACE— Seven
925 E'smore ...........J
SSS Don Luis )
949 Watomba 1
942 Rio Frio .....:
907 Ockturuck :
70S Formella •.... ..:
92:, ■ Charles he 8e1..;..:
809 Major Hooker :
7
8
6
S
2
1
4
3
-4 Mi'
-■ 8- ■
2 hi
6 1
3 1
11.
7 4
5H
ii 1 *
It
"> 4
1 1
4 4
C h
1 1
5 4
2 4
4 4
6 h
3 4
7 2
8
1 n
2 14
3 2
4 5
5 3
6 2
7 2
8
L Martin....
horpe
ouln
'. Taylor
rnes
5-2
8-5
7
20
8
15
3
8
1-2
9-5
6
100
12
50
7
15
lawson
IfCgott
lay ton . .
\. Time, 1:29%. Winner, D. A. .Honlg'a b. c. by Morello-Elsie S. Good start. Won first
. three : drtvln . .
077. SIXTH. RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling;; four-year-olds . and upward":
, www, ■ purse* - $oov* - , * , ■ . - ..■„-. .--.-.■.-■■ - .»- . ■ -.-•■•,.■ ■■'..'' . ««.- ■■
943 :
067 ]
565 ■:
943 !
943 ]
Ml '
923 1
959 :'
632 (
Lranja, 4 ]
rtuna, a
das, 6 :
lator Morrell, a..
rvoso, 6 ',
rpedo, 4 !
vollo. 4 1
rra Archer, 4 ]
llant, 6 :
1
5
2
3
4
6
7
8
-"** I
2 Mi
I 4
1 h ■
6 Mi
4 h
IV.
5 4
»
7 1 *
2 4
34
In
6 3
4 2
II
9
8 1 :
1 h 1%
8 1 2 1-
24 3 h
6 3^ 4 h
64 C 1
44 6 3
"■•^7 2 "'- : ;7 4-'
,82 8 6 '
99 ■ i
rtin....
♦
7-2
5
8-5
5
5-2
30
8
20
10
aid ...
n
1111^ 08^^ 1111 14 *"11" 11 ch> l by Emperor of , Norfolk-Orange 3>af. Good
■tart. Won first three driving. ... .■■-.... v*v/w
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 29, 1898.
at the breeding farm of A. B. Spreekels claim
Eolo as their paternal parent and not lne
Judge, as has been Incorrectly stated.
Huntsman was quite a hot tip in the down
town pool rooms. At the track the Jumper
was in poor demand, which accounts for his
price receding to 15 to 1.
The stewards of the Pacific Coast Jockey
Club met last evening at the Palace Hotel,
when the cases of several suspended turfmen
were reviewed.
It was rcommended to the license Committee
of the Turf CongTess that the license of Sid
Reagan, owner of Lone Princess, be revoked.
The case of H. W. Mason, owner of Lobos.
will receive further probing to-day. Jockeys
Snider, Barry, Madden and Peters were denied
a rehearing.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First Race— Five-eighths of a mile; selling.
965 Trappean 114 929 Pasha 105
905 Roy Camithers.lo2 632 Gallant 112
534 Mllbrae 11l ... Grandezla 107
613 Don't Skip Me.106 968 Nlc Nac 110
664 Rejected 10H 968 Zaralda 100
279 P. F 102 919 Boreas 115
943 Celoso 107 923 Tenacity 105
... Talbot Clifton.. .los
Second Race— Eleven-sixteenths of a mile;
selling: maidens.
960 Aprona 891 960 Amasa 91
566 Nuncomar 103| 960 F.mma Rey 89
960 Gotlieb 91 959 Joe Mussle 106
960 Pongo 94 465 Raclo 91
946 Klihau 99
Third Race — Three-quarters; selling.
967 Miss Ross 105 910 Chappie 104
950 Montallade 107 966 Master Mariner. 97
905 Torn Smith 104 965 Rebel Jack 100
(&07)Valencienne 103 966 Soscol 99
(9Cs)Loch Ness 107 9SB Daisy F 95
(931)Mlss Lynah ....105
Fourth Race — One and one-sixteenths miles;
handicap.
964 Grady 11l 947 Fonsovannah ..98
944 Joe Ullman ....110 953 Mori nel 9fi
914 Judge Denny ..107 9€3 Glorian 94
Fifth Race— Three-quarters of a mile; purse;
two-year-olds.
P69 Milt Young ..,.112! 961 Santello 108
945 Amoltopec 105 i (924>Owyhee 108
915 Humidity 1091 983 Rainier 105
948 Canace 109 i 969 Sombre 109
Sixth Race — One and one-eighth miles; sell
ing.
940 Treachery 106 970 San Marco 113
S7O Thelma 106 970 Del Paso II ill
&62 Claudius 11l 952 Wawona 10S
92S Soniro 104
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Don't Skip Me, Milbraa, Gran
dezla.
Second Race — Nuncomar. Nlihau, Amaea.
Third Race— Miss Lynah, Montallade,
Daisy F.
Fourth Race— Fonsovannah, Morlnel. Joe Ull-
man.
Fifth Race— Milt Toung. Sombre. Owyhee.
Sixth Race — Thelma, Treachery, San Marco.
A NIGHT IN THE COVE.
The Jolly Corinthians Will Make
Merry at Headquarters
To-Night.
The jolly Corinthians had a rehearsal
Wednesday evening of the surprise farce
they have in keeping for their friends on
Saturday evening at the club's opening of
the summer's festivities.
According to the rehearsal the many
pleasure hunt_-rs who will "show up" at
Tlburon this evening had bettor be
prepared to receive a budget of jokes,
Jokelets and other good things that will
make many sides split and jaws ache.
The farce-comedy is entitled "Stranded:
or, A Night in the Cove," and it is well
named, as many of the lovers of jolly
hours will have occasion to remember a
night In the cove for many moons.
Among the jolly Corinthians who re
hearsed last evening were the following
funmakers: Gus Newell, Dave McLaugh
lin, Frank Thompson, Pete Sloan, Monk
Crowell, Eddie Angelo, Dave Finnic, BUly
Finnic Charley Leighton, J. Wheaton
Leonard, Ossie Franks, Billy O'Brien,
Jack Cathcart, Bob Doph, Harry Patton,
Ben Tarbox, Maurice Kramer, Jim Nou
nan.
■ ♦ ■
A Crop of Young Lawyers.
The Supremo Court yesterday admitted
forty-eight new lawyers to practice. This
addition to the legal family was the re-
suit of an examination held a few days
ago by the Supreme Court Commission
ers, at which there were seventy-two ap
plicants, five of whom had been up on
previous occasions; one had been before
the examiners as many p^-nve times. He
won hiß sheepskin at last.
The successful applicants are:
Crockett Martin Crawford, R. W. Grant,
John J. Bauer, Robert Douglas Duke,
Charles Arthur Lee, Chester T. Smythe,
John J. Greeley, William B. Crocker, J.
S. Meyers, E. A. Williams, James F.
Lodge, Charles J, Hasman, J. Rollin
Fitch, H. A. Jacobs, Thomas William
McDonald, John H. Leonard, Charles Ed
ward Trower, Louis H. Brownstone, Wil
liam Denman, S. J. Hankins, McCoy Fitz
gerald, William Smith O"Brien, M* T.
Brittan, Alexander Campbell McLaugh
lin, M. B. Harris, John Mason Ross, Louia
H. Ward, Lewis C. Leet. J. W. McCluro
Charles O. Buslck, Arthur W. North,
J6hn M. Gregory Jr., Charles H. Squir«,
Rowen Irwtn, Edwin L. Foster, E. A.
Douthitt, Royal C. Wilson, F. C. McDiar
mld, R. T. Gray. Forrest L. Alford, Wil,
liam Burgess, P. L. Schlotterback, Mar
tin Joseph Egan, Albert James Dlbblee,
Joseph Slye, John M. C. Murphy, Warren
Sexton, Charles Frederick Johns.
CONSOLIDATION
OF THE LEAGUES
An Expert's Opinion on
What It Promises to
the Public.
Question of Going Under the
National League's Pro
tection.
Joa Corbett Thinks We Are Good
Enough as an Independent
Organization.
BY JOE CORBETT.
Now that the two local leagues have
consolidated joy reigns supreme in the
hearts of the faithful and consistent
"rooter" over the prospect that at last
his long wished for opportunity to wit
ness some real good baseball is about to
be realized.
The Immense amount of enthusiasm al
ready manifested among the lovers of the
YOUNG GRIFFO. "BULL" MCCARTY.
Principals In the Fatal Boxing Mill at Sacramento.
frame over this consolidation only goes to
demonstrate that our great natl."».al
game is not dead in California by any
means. The managers of both leagues
are to be congratulated.
While it is true this combining of forces
was brought about only after much
wrangling and numerous heated argu
ments, Btill when it is considered that
both leagues had invested a great amount
of money and had receiv«l no returns, it is
no wonder that a peaceful settlement
came>Dnly after the financial affairs of all
concerned were amicably adji ted. At
Wednesday night's meeting a number of
other very important points were dis
cussed, among them the advisability of
having National League protection.
The majority of managers. I am inclin
ed to believe, are not in favor of it, al
though Mr. Ewing of Oakland for a while
made a very strong argument in favor
of its adoption by the new league. He
claimed, and justly so, that without it
players, in the event of their becoming
"stars," could very easily go East, no
matter how much their services were
needed here, whereas under this so-called
protection a player having received an
offer from some Eastern club must first
have the consent of his manager before
he could entertain any proposition to
play elsewhere.
However, the fnct that a number of
good Eastern players are now on the
coast should not be overlooked by this
new organization. These players are at
present playing with the various teams,
but they must stop the moment the Pa
cific Coast League courts National pro
tection. There is an evident lack of good
material in most of the clubs, and they
should not be further weakened by
compelling thoso who have played East
to stop. The "fans" want to see good
baseball, and as the game has advanced
most wonderfully in the past few years
it would be to the interest of the new
league to court Eastern players well
versed in the game. They can coach
those players who through the decadence
of the game for the past few years 'n
California have been unable to keep in
touch with its progress.
Should this be done good ball and large
crowds will necessarily result. California
does not need this National protection.
We have been just as successful without
it, If not more so; then why catpr to it?
Let California boast of an independent
league, where players especially are
Blven a fnir chance; the managers will
no doubt take carp of themselves. Recre
ation as a ball park is far the superior of
Central, and all league games should be
played there, where a real live ball should
be used. .
A CHAMPIONSHIP STAKE.
Dogs That Have Been Entered for
the Big Event at Ingleside.
The coursing enthusiasts are looking
forward to two days of great sport at
Ingleside Park, commencing to-morrow
(Saturday) and ending Sunday evening.
It is a twenty-four dog stake, which
will bft run in heats, best two In three,
and the successful competitor mustneces
sarily enter the slips many times before
he or she is declared winner of the great
coursing event.
Speed and endurance will be thoroughly
tested on this occasion.
The stake amounts to $1240, divided as
follows: First. $500; second, $290; third,
$150; next three, $100 each. According to
the "draw" the dogs that will compete
arc:
Champion Challenee Stake: best two In
three— Entrants: William Halpin's Nellie Con
roy vs. OTonnell Bros." Senorlta; J. Gold
man's Sarcastic vs. Ix>\ve & Thompson's
Patrla: Drckelman & Panario's Glen Ohloe
vb. J. nyrneM 1 Nellie B; D. Hooper's Kooolawn
vs. Lynch & Manor's Mystic Maid; Deckelman
& Panario's Glen Roy vs. Lowe & Thompson's
Prince Hal; J. Deane's Gladiator vs. J. Byrnes'
Occidental; T. Hall's Little Corporal vs. J.
Deane's Moondyne; Dillon & Riley's Right
Bower vs. J. Deane's Mlalmo: \V. Elmers'
Unly Blanch vs Lowe & Thompson's Sir
AVillford; O'Connell Bros.' Log Boy vs. M.
Michaltk's Fireball: J. Shin's Flrenzl vs. J.
Murnane'j. Flashlight; W. Dalton's Sinaloa vs.
D. J. Kealey's Rusty Gold.
Coursing will commence promptly at 1
o'clock on Saturday and at 10:30 o'clock
on Sunday.
Power of Supervisors Defined.
City Attorney Creswell filed an impor
tant opinion with the Board of Super
visors yesterday relative to the power of
the board to share the expenses of grad
ing streets with interested property
owners. The opinion concerned tlv^ grad
ing of Harrison street, between Fifth and
Sixth, where improvement? were made
below the official grade and in conse
quence for the protection of property cer
tain work is now a necessity. According
to the opinion the board is allowed to
share the expense with the property
owners.
On Trial for His Life.
A jury was secured In Judge Wallace's
court yesterday to try Charles Dean, a
half-breed Chinese, who stabbed and
killed Wong Yup Sing, a Chinese woman,
on February 14 last, at 639 Pacific street.
Dean was jealous of the woman, and.
calling her to the front door of the house
in which she was living, stabbed her
several times. Dean pleaded guilty to a
charge of murder several weeks ago, but
afterward withdrew the plea.
YOUNG GRIFFO'S
BLOWS FATAL
"Bull" McCarty Dies of
Injuries Received in
the Fight.
Concussion of the Brain Caused
by the Series of Punches
Administered.
While No One Blow Was Serious,
the Continued Hammering Cul
minated in Death.
Bpecial Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April 28. — "Bull"
McCarty, who was knocked out by
Young Griffo last night, died to-night
at the Sisters' Hospital.
The Sacramento Athletic Club, under
whose auspices the fight was held, is
very much exercised over the affair,
and the belief is prevalent that it may
be a death blow to fistic sport in Sac-
ramento. The fight was a fair one and
in no sense brutal. Young Griffo was
exceedingly merciful in his treatment
of McCarty in the ring. He delivered
very few of those body blows which are
considered the most dangerous, and
paid attention chiefly to pounding Mc-
Carty on the head and face. Early
in the fight he had McCarty weak and
bleeding, but McCarty was game to the
last.
It was the continued rain of blows
on the head that injured McCarty, no
one blow being sufficiently hard to
have produced death. When McCarty
went down in the twentieth round it
was from a blow so light that had he j
been In any kind of condition it would
scarcely have s^ggered him. He fell
on his hands and knees and managed
to struggle to his feet before counted
out. Another weak blov sent him to
the floor again, but neither time did
his head come in contact with the j
boards.
The injured man was helped to his
corner by his seconds, who worked over
him with water, fans and towel for I
nearly an hour without being able to |
render him conscious. Medical aid
was summoned, but it seemed that Mc-
Carty was even beyond the skill of
physicians. At a very early hour this
morning McCarty was still unconscious,
and was removed to the Sisters' Hos
pital, where he was attended by Dr. I
Charles D. McGettigan, medical super
intendent of the hospital, and Dr. A. i
M. Henderson. An examination showed
that the injured man was suffering
from concussion of the brain. Both
eyes were dilated — one considerably
more thanNth.e other, and the heart was
beating very\&lowly. A further exam
ination showed t^hat the right lung was
congested and the. indications all point
ed to concussion of the brain and par
alysis.
Dr. McGettigan said at noon to-day
that the case of McCarty was most ser
ious and that there was every proba
bility that his death would ensue. The
doctor expressed the opinion that Mc-
Carty's condition was brought about,
not by the fall, but by a succession of
blows in one place on the head, no one
of which was in Itself sufficient to pro
duce the injury, but which, in the ag
gregate, might easily account for tha
brain concussion from which McCarty
appears to have suffered.
Dr. T. W. Huntington was also called
into the case, and it was stated that
he shared in the belief that McCarty
would die.
R. E. Callahan, chairman of the en
tertamment committee of the Sacra
mento Athletic Club, was Interviewed
this afternoon in regard to the Griffo-
McCarty fight, and asked how he ac
counted for the collapse of McCarty.
"McCarty was In first-class condi
tion when he went into the fight last
night," Callahan said. "Professor John
Shenk pronounced him perfectly sound
and declared that he was fully able to
do battle. After the ninth or tenth
round I was of the opinion that th»
fight was an even proposition, and
there would be no further punishment
delivered on either side. I was so sure
of this that I left the ringside to at
tend to other duties of the club. I re
turned at the sixteenth round, and
asked McCarty's attendants what con
dition he was in, and they said first
class. He did not care for any at
tendance from them and did not wish
to have his legs rubbed, or, in fact,
have any of those things done which
are necessary when there is a hard
fight. There was nothing to Indicate
that the man n-ss injured at any tim<\
and when the audience yelled to Griffo
to knock McCarty out I did not think
Griffo had the strength to do it."
Chief of Police Dwyer has wired Chief
Lees to arrest Griffo, and will also take
into custody all the principals on either
side, on a charge of manslaughter.
About midnight Young Griffo was lo
cated by the searching officers, taken to
the City Prison and placed in the
"tanks."
GRIFFO MUST ANSWER.
He Whipped a Man to Death Who
Was in No Condition to Fight.
Young Griffo. the Australian prize
fighter, cried like a child last evening
when he heard of "Bull" McCarty's
death In Sacramento. It was said that
McCarty died from the effects of the
punching ho received from Griffo, but
this is the first time In the history of
Griffo that even a knockdown was scored
by the clevor Australian.
Griffo is not a heavy hitter and there
are many people who scout the idea of
McCarty having died from the effects
of Grlffo's blows.
McCarty is not from the East as
stated. He was unearthed recently from
the boxing files of the San Francisco
Athletic Club and shipped to Sacramento
purposely to box the Australian, as there
were few if any other boxers among the
local fraternity who cared to contest
twenty rounds for the small amount of
coin that had been offered by the Sacra
mento club.
It was stated last evening by sports who
knew McCarty well that the pugilist was
not in the best condition to engage in any
kind of athletic contest, and tV> - •
should not have been allowed to enter th«
ring. Harry Woods, who was oiic ..^-
Carty's seconds, was arre.sted last even
ing] in this city, and Grifto said he was
willing to stand .the consequences and
would surrender to the authorities. It
w^s evidently a case of "completely out
of/ condition" that ended McCarty's
career as a fighter.
/ ~*~
/ A New Home for Athletes.
/The, property situated on the southeast
<*orneji- of Shipley and Sixth streets has
been 'leased by Gustave Marshall to the
San Francisco Athletic Club for a term
of five years at a tota*. rent of $7500. The
lot extends 75 feet on Shipley and the
same 'on Sixth. Plans have been drawn
for thle erection of two floors above the
one-story structure that now occupies the
premises and formerly served the pur
pose of the Arcade Market. When com
pleted the entire structure will contain
forty-eight rooms and will be converted
into a lodging-house. The adjoining prop
erty, also owned by Marshall, extending
50 feet on the east line of Shipley street,
and to a depth of 75 feet, will a.so be re
modeled and the old buildings now stand
ing on the lot will be converted into nine
flats. "Work will commence next week,
and will cost in the neighborhood of $14,
000.
Suit for Divorce.
Mrs. M. E. Dean has filed a suit for
divorce against her husband, Lieutenant
A. T. Dean, on the grounds of failure to.
provide. Mrs. Dean alleges that for some
time past her husband has done nothing
whatever toward supporting her, and she
sues (for divorce and maintenance while
the Suit is pending. The story of Lieu
tenaijt Dean's escapades was recently
told In The Call.
Estates in Probate.
Louis Abrahams, who died on the 21st
inst., left a., estate valued at $10,000, to
be distributed among relatives living In
this city.
Anlna Koenig has petitioned the Superior
Court for letters of administration on an
estate of unknown value left by her hus
band, Moritz Koenig, a grocer.
A Lecture at Cooper Medical College.
The ninth lecture of the Lane course
will take place at the Cooper Medical Col
lege to-day. It will be delivered by t>r.
Henk-y Gibbon' Jr., under the title "Super
n ADVEBTISEMENTS.
i Don't Be a Weak Man j
8 Don't let your past errors wreck the happiness of your life. You can 8
8 be cured. Over 10,000 such men as you have been cured during the past £{
$ year by \ q
i Dr. SanQen's Electric Belt. 1
8 This wonderful Belt pours energy into the weakened parts during S
8 the night while the patient sleeps, developing the nerves and muscles "
rt and restoring the old vigor, the snap and power of man. 8
*•* This is the only sure, permanent way to regain vigor. It has taken #
8 the place of drugs, which never cure. Electricity is life, and restores «
£ life to men who have lost it. ~;
«l IT IS NATURE'S OWN REMEDY. >»'
8 The cause of disease— of the breaking down of the stomach, liver, 8
8 kidneys, nerves and vital organs— is the lack of power to run them vig- #
£ orously. The human body is like an engine — it is run by the power of the ■*<
n nervous system. This power is electricity. Sickness comes when this Cj
** electricity is exhausted by excesses and bad usage. Regain it and you 8
8 get back your health. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt will fill your nervous 8
$ system with electrical energy— all it can hold of it — every day. 8
s Dr. Sanden Gives Away a Book Worth $100 :«:
« • 8
w This book, "Three Classes of Men," shows how vitality is wasted >•$.
8 by youthful errors, excesses and otherwise. It tells how t'.e power
8 can be regained. It does away with drugs and uses Nature's own rem- £'
3 — electricity— to build up vigorous men- and women. Get it to-day, 8
q free. Call and see this famous Belt, if possible. g
* SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., * * |
jj 632 Market Street. San Francisco. ,: $5000 REWARD <0j
« NOTE— Make no mistake In ' the number— "Will be DaJd for nnp nt vt-
« 632 MARKET STREET. " •" De PaJQ lOr One OI 8
« Office hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m. : Sundays. 10 these Belts which fails 13
« to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal.. 204V4 to generate a current of £
8 South Broadway; Portland. Or.. 253 Washing- ~, „. " erdle a current ■or
« ton street; Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; Electricity.
** Dallas, Tex., 255 Main street.' if— "* m *■*
B 8
88888888888888888 88 88£SS£$$B»assss$as
._ Illf I r
Face to Face
The pleasure of a confidential chat
is doubled by the sweet breath that
goes with a well-ordered system.
And that is always insured by
Sweet breath, bright eye, RIPANS • TABULES
clear complexion,
RIPANS • TABULES
.; : A new ttylo packet contßlntojjTKS bipanstasdixs to • P»pcr carton (wlthontgiMs} lanowier nt ax mm
fcnsr Bfore*l»oarrTK cmwTThli low-pricod »ort is lntondcd for the poor and theecoaomi^U
•f tCe flT»«rat eutou (ISO tatrakw) cnn be baA bj mail br lending rorty-elpht cenui to tb« Roljta cSmac^k
stition in Medicine." An exceedingly large
attendance is expected, as the subject is
one that is at present exciting much in
terest among the medical fraternity.
Don't .Walk on tlie Bailroad Trask.
During the past few months the polic*
at the Seventeenth-street station have
made numerous arrests of pedestrians
who, not knowing the law, have walked
on the Southern Pacific railroad track in
wnat is known as "Bernal Cut," being
that portion of the roadbed west or tne
Valencia-street station. In consequence
of the danger attending persons walking
through this cut. through which tho
trains rush at great speed, and the nar
rowness of the track, the company had
an oidinance passed by the Supervisors
making it a misdemeanor for any person
to trespass on the line. The police have
enforced this law to the letter anu as a.
consequence Thomas Smith, John Tyrrell,
Piercy Benson, John Reardon, George t\.
Fay and Alfred Rackett were arrested
yesterday for violating the ordinance.
Hardly a day passes but from three to a.
half-dozen innocent persons are arrested
for violating this law.
Attached for Debt.
A set of double carriage harness was
attached yesterday afternoon at the resi
dence of E. J. Baldwin, 1217 California
street, on an execution for $65 judgment
given to Mrs. D. G. Mahoney for money
loaned.
Superstition in Medicine.
Dr. Henry Gibbons Jr. will deliver a
lecture to-nisnt In the Lane lecture
course at Cooper Medical College upon
"Superstition in Medicine."
ATHLETIC CLUB OPENING.
California Swimming and Athletic
Club Arrange an Interesting
Programme.
An athletic and musical entertainment
will Ec given by , the California Athletic
and Swimming Hub at its rooms in Mas
cot Hall, 1106 Gulden Gate avenue, lhis
evening. . .
The following programme of boxing,
athletics and music will be rendered:
Overture, San Francisco Military Band;
introductory remarks. H. C. Johnson;
three-round goes between Joe Sullivan
and E Chape. R. Cornell and E. Dahl and
Baker brothers; wrestling, R. Cornell and
O. Schulte; three rounds, William Mur
man and Wil.iam yuinn; song, John
Roache - three-round go, William Dicke
and Young Savage; recitation, Mr. Mc-
Clusky; three-round goes by Frank
Schuler and Barney Farley's wonder,
"Bright Eyes" of New York; H. Meyer
and F McGuinniss, Charley Rochette and
Dick O'Meara; club swinging, Mr. Gro
ner; "'America," San Francisco Military
Band.AN INTERESTING BOOTH.
A Pleasing Portion of the Programme of Entertainment at the
Masonic . Festival,
LADIES' EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
One of the most interesting booths which there will be in the coming festival at the Mechanics' Pavilion in aid
of the Willows' and Orphans' Homo will be that of California Command, ry No. 1. Knights Templar. Mrs. J. F.
l."Pa!!. Mrs. C.us Dora and Mrs. A. A. Batkin are the executive committee. Their auxiliary has already contributed
$100 in cash t" the festival fund and over JlltiO in miscellaneous gifts. One of the most attractive features of the
booth will \e an excellently appointed parlor wherein the ladies or' the auxiliary will entertain the Sir Knights and
their friends. The decorations have been by Mrs. Logan and her associates, and •■> water color sketch
shows excellence of taste even to detail. During the fete there will tx twenty-four young ladles appropriately cos
tumed who will appear in drills and amati ur theatricals nightly.
The publicity which has been given the sale of Sowers has been so great that last night there were few left
at tlie floral < a • ■ 11"t.1 1 " t . Nevertheless an abundant supply is expected from San Rafael to-day.
me] Dnboce has promised, on behalf of the military committee, that, provided the Guardsmen are not called
out of California, one of the most interesting nights will be assured. Several companies promise drills, and on the
same > n invitation has been extended to Lieutenant Cecil Dennis to have his naval volunteers infuse still
more patriotism into the crowds which will doubtless throng the Pavilion.
The secretary of the Bottlers' Protective Association offers, on behalf of its members, to supply all the soda
water and ail the light beverages which the booth committee a n dispose of. The Mystic Shrine booth, which will be
between that of Golden Gate and California Commandery. it is asserted by the ladies in charge, will be the most
artistically decorated in the Pavilion. tJach night there is to be a Berlea •<( living pictures in appropriate Oriental
and the exterior of the booth is to be distinctly Egyptian in character. This is where the most popular
spaper, the most popular Sir Knight, the most popular Mason, the most popular booth and the most charming
lady v^ll l>e determined by vote during the festival.
r i* bedroom which is furnished by W. J. Sloane & Co. is already complete and will be sketchr-d In two or
three days. The booth in which it will appear is to have Roman pillars of white enamel tinted with gold.
Charles 1-. Patton, chairman of the executive committee, said last night that directly all the lodges of the
city were now in co-operation. Crockett Lodge No. 139 met yesterday afternoon in Masonic Temple, appointed
sub-committees and made arrangements generally to have an excellent exhibit.
END OF THEIR
CONFERENCE
The Unitarians Elect Four
Members to the Exec
utive Council.
Horacs Davis Delivers an In
terestlng Lecture on In
dividualism.
Tha Woman's Council Opens To-Day
and an Interesting Projramme
Is Prepared.
The election of officers and the reading
of many Interesting papers were the
ising day of the Pacific
Unitarian I • that has been eon
■ 1 Unitarian Church
of this city.
morning session opened with devo
: [ucted by Rev. '5. T.
Weaver, following which Dr. T. L. Elliott
tland read a paper <>n "The Import-
Keeds of the Sunday School."
■ re rh<' meeting adjourned for the
luncheon the ladies of the church had
tred, Miss Ellen Elliott made a few
:ks on the "Young Jwple's Religious
Union."
She sp n ke at length of the fraternity of
the church at Portland, to which only
young people are admitted and held there
by lecture* which are not only improving
but so thoroughly what are needed.
In referring to the membership she
spoke encouragingly and told her hearers
that all Unitariarvism needed was to first
instruct and interest the young people,
for they were the ones which would ad
vance to the leaders of the church and
spread its truths.
Rev. E. B. Payne was the first speaker
of the afternoon, and his remarks elicited
great applause from the assembly, his
subject being "Our Relation to" Social Re
form." After his address a discussion
followed led by Rev. A. W. Martin and
Dr. \V. P. Smith.
Horace Davis followed with a lecture
on "Individualism." He ppoke of the
communism which was character! sties of
families in Japan, how everything is for
the family, with utter fargetfulnesa of
self. if a man's father were a cobbler,
the son must needs be, if the parent were
v blacksmith, the same trade would be
followed by the male offspring. Not only
In Japan, he said did this condition exist,
but in the earlier ages it was universal.
The first nations or people to break away
fiom it and adopt individualism were the
Romans and Greeks. . Mi i.
He then went on to show how individ
ualism helped civilization, how it in
creased, in fact being the means of bring
ing out art and literature. He continued
with his subject with eloquence, and at
trie end he said that the people were
beginning to pause now and wonder if
they had not gone too far with individ
ualism; if they had not carried it to too
great an extent. ' ■• ■
Four new officers were elected to the
council, the honor being conferred .» on
Horatio Btebbinp D.D., George Murdock
of Oakland, A. M. Stone of Han ford and
J. D. Works of Los Angeles. . .'■ ..
The place for the next meeting of the
conference will be decided upon by the
council, but it is the supposition that it
will be in Los Angeles.
The Woman's Unitarian Conference be
gins to-day, and the following programme
has been prepared: '
9:30 a. m.— Devotional service, led by R«v.
Sarah Pratt Carr.
9:45 a. m.— Address of ■welcome by the presi
dent, Miss Elizabeth B. Easton; appointment
of committee on credentials; secretary's min
utes of last conference; secretary^ annual re
port; sponding secretary's report; treas
urer's report; report* from the eleven branches
of the conference; report of committee on cre
dentials; report of postoffice mission work; re
port of the Unitarian headquarters.
11 a. m. — Old business.
11:15 a. m.— New business; tctlon on pro
posed amendment.
11.30 a. m.— Report of nominating committee
election and Installation of officers; new busi
ness, miscellaneous; appointment of new nomi
nating committee.
11:45 a. m.— Adjournment; intermission and
social hour. ■ ' .
12:30 p. launch served in the parlors by
the ladles of the church.
General theme for the afternoon session.
"The Family the Unit of the Church"; motto,
"From One Generation to Another."
2 p. m.— The subject introduced by the presi
dent.
2:10 p. m.— "Th* Secularisation of the
Mother," paper by Mm Horatio Stebbinn, San
Francisco; discussion, Mrs. Theodore G. Wil
liams of Oakland and Mrs. George W. Bun
nell of Oakland.
2:45 p. m.— "The Paganism of the Toungr.'.'
paper by Rev. Sarah Pratt Carr of Lemoore,
■ Cal.; paper In- Mrs. AY. O. Henit of Alameda;
discussion, Mr?. H. F. Giddlncs of AUmeila
an.l Miss Eva Carlln of Berkeley.
3:4." p. m.— 3. "The Development of a Soul,"
paper by Mrs. Julia n. Comstock
"r. : discussion, Mrs. B. I. Robinson o
Franriseo and Mrs. William S. Wattlea uf
Berkeley.
4:20 p. m. — "The New Year of the Confer
i em-e. an Outlook," by the president.
4:30 p. m.— Adjournment.
RELIGION THAT ENDURES.
Professor Jordan's Lecture to the
Conference Last Evening.
"The Religion That "Will Endure,"
was the subject which David Starr Jor
dan discussed at pome length at the
meeting of the Pacific Unitarian Con
ference last evening.
In his introduction he said: ''The re-
Ifglon of authority, the historical re
ligion, the religion of our fathers, the
religion that by authority brings
masses to the church, and the religion
uf reason are the two great religions.
The religion of reason is where each
man reasons out his own salvation,
these are the two religions which will
i endure," a Catholic priest once said to
: me.
Dr. Jordan then went on to show
what these two religions were, and how
i sometimes the religion of authority
hed those that the religion of rea
son could not reach, and how often
when men became weary with reason
they wandered back to" authority to
find rest. "The weary want comfort,"
he said, "and after battling with rea
son turn back to the church authority.
That which is called occult and mys
terious is spiritual impoverishment,
and where there is no idea, where there
Is nothing, it is called occult or mys
terious. It is the degeneration and de
cay of religion."
Professor Jordan then gave a defini
tion <>f religion. "Religion is devotion
in action, to act, to work, to feel, not
to go over a formal ritual in a sleepy
way and listen to beautiful music. It
is worshipful love and life." •
He then continued and spoke of to
day. He admonished his hearers not
to dwell on the future or the past, but
live in the present, "the past is a long
way off," he said, "and so is the fu
ture. To-day is our world— to-day is
our life. To-day is the only thing that
we really know, it is the only bitter sod
we have, the only world we have."
Dr. Jordan then concluded his ad
dress with a few remarks on duty and
virtu" being but parts of obedience.
When the professor took his seat he
v. as complimented by the enthusiastic
applause of the audience.
Dr. Martin of Tacoma and Rev. H.
Stebbinfl of this city followed with a
discussion of the subject. Dr. Martin
particularly sho\ ed his learning, and
his delivery was particularly pli-asing.
FOR A BROKEN THIGH.
Charles Olsen Wants Fifteen Thou
sand Dollars Damages From
the Owners of a Steamer.
Charles Olson yesterday filed a libel In
the United States District Court against
the Oregon Coal fend Narration Com
pany, owners of the steamer Empire, ol
sen wants $15,000 damages for a compound
comminuted fracture of the right thigh
alleged to have been sustained by reason
of Olson falling through a hatchway into
the h'>i<i of the steamer on Pebrjiary 22
IBM, while engaged In his duties as "ship
carpenter.
Carpenter Olsen alleges that the st. Tim
er.left port without n cargo, and was
therefore so light as to be cranky and
wobbly when crossing the bar outside the
Heads, The motion of the ship caused
the carpenter to become cranky and wob
bly also, and he wobbled into the open
•hatchway. He alleges that in conse
quence of the accident his right leg has
become crooked and useless.
• « ♦ ■ — I .
Norman Phillips' Compensation.
I,ittle Norman Phillips, the litt> boy
who was taken from the Oberon stage,
and not from the Orpheum. ns was In
advertently made to appear fn yesterday's
issue oi The Call, received 525 a week for
his performance instead nf $2. which was
given ai his compensation. ![•• is now at
homo with his mother and will attend
school instead of appearing before the
footlights at the Oberon.
First photographs of the recent
eclipse in India taken by members of
the Chabot Observatory, in next Sun
day's Call.
 ♦ .
Civil Service Examination.
A civil service examination for the posi
tion of Adjuster at the Mint will be held
on May 7 at the Lowell High School, an
the corner of Sutter and Gough streets.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money If it falls to cure. 25c.
The genuine has L. B. Q. on «ach tablet.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 29, 1898.
WHEAT SLOWS
ITS HOT PACE
Another Interesting Day
on 'Change Yes
terday.
Several Events Slacken the
Upward Tendency of the
Market.
Indications That There Will Be a
Pretty Stiff Price AH This
Year.
There was not so much excitement as
usual in the wheat market yesterday, be
cause traders pot the idea that American
manipulators were at the helm manipu
lating the British market. As a result of
the suspicion the market closed at the
forenoon session at %i 80%, though at the
opening December wheat closed at ?1 84%.
May wheat was the weakest in the mar
ket yesterday, and it was freely ouered
by brokers.
It was evident to all close observers
that the weakness of the Chicago market
caused considerable depression in the lo
cal market. Barley opened quite strong,
the price on December being $1 35, which
soon advanced half a cent. Later in the
day the depression in wheat caused a
drop in barley, which fell to $134, but
afterward gained three-eighths of a cent.
[mportations of corn also contributed to
the weakness of the barley market.
Liverpool cables reported July wheat
advanced equal to 16 cents. Chicago quot
ed July wheat 9Sc on the curb before the
regular opening of the board. Added to
this sensational advance strong Conti
nental cables came, following closely the
advance made in English markets. The
cargo market was strong, sellers asking
extreme prices and not anxious to dispose
of their foods at the asking quotations
Russian exporters were offering very lit
tle. The inquiry from France was 6f an
urgent nature. Paris reported home sup
plies almost exhausted, with markets
hi avily oversold. The same conditions
prevail throughout the United Kingdom.
America is about the only source of sup
ply now open to the United Kingdom
The extreme high prices offered for No
2 red winter wheat in the Chicago mar
ket have failed to increase receipts be
yond that of ordinary markets. The to
tal visible supply east of the Rockies
amounts to 25,100,000 bushels. Home con
sumption requires one million bushels per
day. Kxports will net ten millions per
month. It is a. fair estimate to say there is
not more than 25,000,000 bushels in farm
ers' hands. This would make the total
available stocks for consumption and ex
port requirements 50.000,000 bushels.
New wheat will not be available before
July 1, or in about sixty-five days, bas
ing requirements on 75,000,000 bushels,
which is fully ten millions less than re
quirements. It is not difficult to see that
manipulation can advance prices to a fig
ure that might now appear prohibitory.
It is these facts which cause shorts .•■
run to cover quickly when evidence of
strength is shown. The conditions ,v
California are that there will be very lit
tle wheat for millers. In order to keep
their mills going wheat will have to be
imported from Oregon and Washington.
Yesterday's market was somewhat dis
appointing to the bulls. December wheat
opened at $1 54%, sold at $1 84%, closing at
J] B*4 at the first morning session. It be
came" apparent that Chicago had received
its full advance at the star"t. This seemed
to temper the talent for a break. Little
by little the selling began until timid
shortH, encouraged by their more daring
leaders, began a raid, which carried the
price to $178%. This was the prevailing
price after the closing session. Buying
by small shorts steadied the price to
1179%; later the price declined again io
$1 7fc^, where it rested for the day. The
bears used heavy receipts of Oregon
wheat at Stockton as a basis of attack.
It is claimed 100 cars of Oregon wheat
were received at that point during yes
terday. May wheat was sold freely by
shippers, the price dropping to $1 80%,
against $1 S9 on Tuesday.
K. A. Bresse sold a heavy line of long
wheat at the first session. He was a fair
buyer of barley. L. Kauffman sold wheat
freely throughout tho day. J. de Ruyter
sold considerable wheat, supposed to be
for a prominent shipper. Cutter & Mobp
ley were good buyers of wheat early, but
turned sellers later in the day. Balllnger
bought wheat early in the session. Ro
senberg sold barley. Mayhew saw the
decline coming and got on board.
Bead about Famous Bombardments
in next Sunday's Call. j
HUNTINGTON
KNOWS SECRETS
Now He Will Be Asked
to Reveal Them
Explicitly.
To Show How Much Southern
Pacific Money the Examiner
Received.
A Duty the Railroad Commissioners
Owe to Themselves as Well
as to trie Public.
Much interest has been taken in the
decision of Judge Morrow m the Rail
road Commissioners' case. While the
purport of the decision is generally un
derstood a brief explanation may not be
out of place.
The Railroad Commission had sought
to make a certain rate on grain ship
ments. The Southern Pacific set up the
claim that it could not make the haul
at the schedule specified, and that the
commission had no right to fix an ar
bitrary rate until the road should be
in receipt of profits applicable to divi
dends. Then the commission tried to
find out why there were no profits. It
wanted to know if money had been di
verted for the corruption of courts,
Legislatures, newspapers or individuals,
expressing its belief that if this use of
funds could be established its right to
fix a rate would not be impaired by the
apparent absence of promts.
At once there was demur on the |
part of the company. It did not de- I
sire its inner workings laid bare and I
an injunction was issued, temporarily ;
depriving the commission of power to |
act. Relative to this injunction testi
mony was heard by a special master in
chancery, who took the ground that the
\ proposed, inquiry was relevant, timely !
i and proper. In this view he has been j
| sustained by Judge Morrow, and the
cat will soon be out of the bag. The
commissioners have full liberty to trace
every expenditure from the treasury of
the Southern Pacific to the ultimate
pocket. It will drag secrets from un
willing witnesses and occasionally be
cheered by finding a willing one.
Naiurally the public feels a sense of
gratification.
One o* the important witnesses will
be C. P. HuntingOn himself. The Ex
aminer has been urgin-? upon him the
duty of telling all he knows about
Southern Pacific affairs, and he knows
much. The spirit of self-sacrifice which I
impels that paper to clamor for the
whole truth has heretofore been pleas
antly mentioned; for some of the most
damaging information the venerable
president of the corporation can pos- :
sibly uivulge will show the Examiner!
as a daily offense against morals. There
is about this stut^iuent nothing of con
jecture. Mr. Huntington has already i
confirmed it. Of course he will be ask- ]
ed to reaffirm it under oath. If the
commissioners were to neglect so plain ,
a duty, the rumor that they are under !
the control of Hearst or his agents
would begin to represent actual belief; !
while if they put questions designed to ;
bring discredit on the road and yet to '■
shield the Examiner, the belief would !
be fixed and final.. So they owe some- i
thing to themselves as "well as to the j
public.
Without doubt Mr. Huntington will i
relate how he cut the Examiner from '>
the pay roll after It had for a period ;
of twenty-two months received $1000
monthly for a silence, the value of j
which was evidently overestimated ;
He may explain the old running ac
count, which never came to a close,- 1
and make clear why his company has
had th pine un .er the disregard of Mr. '
Hearst. All of which, while tolerably i
well understood, will be interesting.
But there are ther things too import- j
ant and bearing too airectiy upon the I
situation to be overlooked. The Ex
aminer could interpose no objection, for
its howl to have the facts sot forth has
filled the land.
There is a story about a colt which
may be interjected at this point. Per
haps the Commissioners have heard it,
but it would enlarge their views if
they were to hear it again from a
source so high as Huntington. The
question is, who paid for the colt? Also
if the Southern Pacific can legitimate
ly go into livestock as a side issue, and
then claim that it makes no profit, and
so with clear conscience cinch the peo
ple. This colt was of the Electioner
line, high toned as to pedigree gener
ally, and the Examiner offered him as
a prize. He was selected— so runs the
taie — by a representative of that pa
per and the price of $2500 agreed upon
with Senator Stanford, this to be paid
in cash. The prize having been drawn
the holder of the ticket demanded his
colt. The Examiner sent to Palo Alto,
and Ariel Lathrop refused delivery of
the colt, wanting first to see the money.
An appeal was made to Senator Stan
ford, who instructed Lathrop to de
liver the colt. Lathrop again refused
unless the order from the paper bore
the name of W. R. Hearst, contending
the "The Examiner" constituted no sig
nature. Such an order was received,
and the colt went from Palo Alto.
Some days later Mr. Lathrop sent to
the Examiner a bill for $2500, but no
attention was paid to it. Then he
called at the office of that paper and
was presented with a bill of $5000 for
an old write-up of Vina ranch, a write,
up never authorized, ordered nor coun
tenanced. On the face of this bill was
a credit of $2500 for the colt, and a de
mand for the balance of $2500 was pre
sented. Mr. Lathrop was not pleased.
His anger was noticeable, and he with
drew to report to Senator Stanford.
The Senator viewed the affair as one
of the vicissitudes of capital and said
that, notwithstanding the injustice of
the Examiner's claim, he would have
to stand the loss. Thus — so runs the
story still, for it is rather long— was
Senator Stanford's pastures looted of
one valuable colt. ' The Examinei
claim, being absolutely without merit,
hns never been pressed.
Now there are several points about
this colt case that come within pur
view of the commission. Senator Stan
ford's affairs were "so intimately mixed
with thf se of the Southern Pacific that
it is deemed probable that an examin
ation of the railroad's books would show
who stood the loss of that colt, and
why the $2500 for a worthless write-up
was neither paid nor payment of it
urged.
Once Creed Haymond, now gone to
his reward, made a speech before the
Senate Committee on Pacific Roads on
the equities which might be pleaded as
an offset to the claims of the Govern
ment. The commission must not forget
to ask whether the Examiner charged
and received $7000 for the publication.
There are allegations that this was its
price.
Here is another thing of more than
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
passing concern and exactly in line
with the natural trend of inquiry: Dur
ing the first Cleveland administration
the Patterson Pacific Railroad Commis
sion visited this coast. On that occa
sion the Southern Pacific paid the Ex
aminer $5000 in coin not to attempt to
influence the commission. This amount
is said to have been increased as the
investigation went on. But these are
the rude outlines of the operation. The
commission has power to draw out
facts sufficient to elaborate it. There
is in San Quentin, in an official capac
ity, a man named Thorpe who could
give the Commissioners all the infor
mation necessary to promote a worthy
and effective pursuit of the truth.
The people have something at stake,
but the Commissioners have more.
Faith in their probity will rest upon
their course, and to spare any culprit
will be to injure their own good names.
TANSIE RED'S LETTER.
Charles Kitchen Caught While Try-
ing to Take It From the Post
office Registry Department.
Charles Kitchen, a habitue of the Bar
bary Coast, was arrested yesterday by
Postal Inspectors Munro and Erwin for
intercepting a letter belonging to Tansie
Red, a colored man residing- at 438 Broad
way. Red and the prisoner are friends,
and Kitchen became acquainted with the
fact that Red had a mothec residing in
Kansas City, Neb., who was sending him
small sums of money by registered letter.
Kitchen intercepted the letter carrier
near Red's house last Wednesday, and l>y
representing himself to be Red received
the official notice that a registered letter
was awaiting Red In the postofflce.
Washington street. The registry clerk
refused to give the letter to Kitchen be
cause Red had been there about a week
ago and the clerk remembered that he
was a colored man. Kitchen, however,
persisted that he was the right man, and
left an order that all letters for Red
should be sent to 957 Market street.
In the afternoon of the same day the
registered letter clerk sent a notice to 957
Market street to the effect that a letter
was awaitine for Red in the postoffice.
Yesterday morning Kitchen presented
himself at the office with the notice and
demanded the letter. He was at once
placed under arrest by the postal in
spectors, and being taken into their
office stoutly persisted in declaring that
his name was Tansie Red and that the
letter was from his mother Mary, in Kan
sas City. It happened that the lady's
name is Kate, not Mary, and that there is
no such street in Kansas City as the one
mentioned by Kitchen. Later in the day,
finding that the inspectors knew all about
him, he confessed his guilt.
The inspectors at once sent a notice to
Red that a valuable letter was in the
postoffice addressed to him, but he had
not made his appearance up to the close
of office hours.
CLAUS SPRECKELS
WILL RECOVER
Not So 111 as a Sensational
Report Said He
Was.
Confined to His Bed With, a Car
buncle, but Is Slowly
Convalescing.
A sensational article was published last
night in an evening: paper to the effect
that Claus Spreckels was on his death
bed, and that death was hourly expected.
Dr. L. C. Lane, who Is the physician of
Mr. Spreckels, made the following- state
ment last night in regard to his patient:
"Claus Spreckels was taken ill about
two weeks ago with a carbuncle on his
back. Its efTection had the ordinary
course, requiring incision, which was
done eight days ago. For a few days aft
erward the patient was seriously ill. His
condition at present is much improved,
and in all probability he will recover,
though at his time or life the disease is
of slow and painful progress and of a
tedious character. There is no doubt as
to his final recovery. His indomitable
will power has aided him much on this
as on previous occasions of his eventful
life."
The report of the physician was veri
fied by several of the members of his
family last night.
AT HIS OLD TRICKS.
Osmond E. Kelly Again Arrested
for Swindling Whole
sale Houses.
Edward Kelly, who was arrested
Wednesday night on the charge of ob
taining six dozen airs of gloves from H.
Franklin, proprietor of a Pine street fac
torj't on false pretenses, will probably
have to answer to other charges.
He has been going to wholesale houses
! pretending that he represented a firm in
Oakland and obtaining goods from them.
I Yesterday he was identified as the man
who orCered $200 worth of cloth from the
California "Woolen Mills and was satisfied
to take away with him a bolt worth $20.
This is not the first time he has been
' arrested for the same offense. In the be
' ginning of last year he obtained articles
from about two dozen firms on various
pretexts. Complaints were made to po
, lice headquarters and he was arrested.
> He was sent to tho County Jail for six
months on two charges, but the sen
! tences ran concurrently. At that time he
I gave his true name, Osmond E. Roily.
After serving his sentence he went to
[ Colusa and worked the same gamp. He
was arrested and servofl a term in the
Jail there. A drummer for the Pine strort
glove factory recognized him as being- tho
S man who workrd Colusa, and that led to
j his present arrest.
Deacon Keppel's Trial.
The second trial of Deacon Garret Kep
pel of West Biggs, Butte County, was be
gun in the United States District Court
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AN ASSAULT UPON
SPANISH HONOR
is what Sagast- calls this. You can
fool people some of the time, but not
all the time. Regular standard, high
grade work year in and year out is
what tells, and you can always depend
upon artistic and beautiful finish and
color on any work turned out at the
United States Laundry. Office 1004 Mar-
ket street. Telephone South 420.
WONG WOO,
r^9 CHINESETEA AND HERB
»<P J SANITARIUM,
; . \gr^_ 776 CLAY ST., San Frtnolseo, Oil.
-JSttkk toSw9 All .diseases cured excluslve-
»Bs?kM»Jll# ly by Chinese- herbs, over 3000
fffAPi&W^ varieties being used. ADVICE
FREE. Hours, i»:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3 and 7to
9 p. m. '-.'.-■
yesterday. The charge Is sending ob
scene matter through the mails to a
widow of that town named Mrs. W. S.
Little. The jury on the first trial dis
agreed. The Government proved yester
day that Keppel was the author of the
objectionable pamphlet and then rested,
lhe trial will be resumed this morning.
Unhappy Married Couples.
Judge Hebbard yesterday granted Kate
Escudero a divorce from James Escudero
on the ground of cruelty. Mrs. Escudero
testified that her husband had frequently
threatened to hill her, and on one occa
sion had drawn a knife on her.
Martha H. Dodd has been granted a
divorce from W. L. Dodd on the ground
of desertion.
Ida Kuttner has commenced suit for di
vorce against Henry Kuttner on the
ground of desertion; Eva D. Minear from
John J. Minear on the ground of infidel
ity; Ida R. Ritner from Harold B. Rit
ner, desertion.
Thomas J. Pollard has commenced suit
for divorce against Mamie Pollard on the
ground of desertion.
Judge Daingerfield yesterday granted
Lora E. Newhall a divorce from Joshua
D. Newhall on the grounds oft desertion
and failure to provide.
Ella Iken has sued Arnold Iken for di
vorce on the ground of failure to provide.
Wants tne Marriage Annulled.
Clay Hereford Powell commenced suit
yesterday to secure an annullment of his
marriage to Grace H. Powell, formerly
White. The couple were married at San
Rafael on October 16 last by a Justice of
the Peace. Powell now claims that he
was under age at the time of his mar
riage and that in addition he was under
the influence of liquor.
Wants Guardianship Papers.
District Attorney Barnes has applied
for letters of guardianship over the estate
and person of Mary Brunnings, a widow,
who was committed to the insane asylum
last Tuesday. The estate is roughly "esti
mated to be worth $40,000.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cold Cure cures colds In the head, colds on the
lung;i, old colds, new colds and obstinate colds, and
ill forma of grip. Stops sneezing, discharges from
tlio nose and eyes, prevents catarrh, dipUtfcc-ria,
pneumonia, and all throat r.nd lung trouhles. These
pleasant little pellets are absolutely harmless, have
:i»ved thoosanda of lives and prcvon'ed murhßlclt-
ness. The .Munyon Remedy Con:psr.y prep:. re &
separate cure for each disease. At all ('.ruggists—
:5 cents a vial. If j - ou need medical advice write
Munyon, 1505 Arch Street, Philadelphia, It ia
ibsolutely free. | j /^>
. _£i*: nT "^""r"":. 1 . — '-■ — "■'. ' x=rr^ — --^c — -'-■- . . ' — •-■** Vi~V-!-- !^r^-j i
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Spend your summer outing there and drink
from the famous
HEALTH = RESTORINQ SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank. Mineral. Tub, Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many Improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
I
Only Resort Keeping Paid . Orchestra.
Dancing, Tennis, Bowling. Billiards, Croquet.
Handball Shuffleboard, Livery and Burros for
the children. :.'■'<
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages. $10 to $15
per week; housekeeping cottages, $3 to $7 per
week.
. Call or address ■
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
22 Fourth St., San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS, Lake County, Cal.
Pamphlets mailed free. -. .
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place is located In
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
| ■plunge baths, large swimming tank. of mineral
'• water, fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10.
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULDING, Manager. : ■■
CARLSBAD!
MOST BEAUTIFUL SPOT IN LAKE COUNTY.
i The Mineral Springs are well known for mar-
velous cures ' when everything else failed, es-
pecially in cases of STOMACH. LIVER. KID-:
NEY and BLADDER affections. New hotel;
superior accommodations; $S to $10 per we?k;
roads excellent: good trout fishing and deer:
huntinr on property. For particulars ■vrtte W.
R. McGOVERN. Carlsbad, Lake County.
AT BELMONT, SAN " MATEO COUNTY.
Board for summer months; private family:
croquet grounds; large sunny rooms, billiard
room and salt water swimming baths; con-
venient for business men and families. MRS.
M. HANSEN. i. •■•
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Most wonderful waters; all kinds of skin
diseases cured In marvelously short time; -kid-
ney, liver, catarrh, rheumatism and stomach
troubles immediately relieved: rates $10 to $18
pejc week. Long-distance telephone. Address
J. f A. HAYS. Proprietor. Lake County.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from Hopland; unequaled soda
and magnesia springs; hot and cold baths: fur-
nished cottages; terms 110 to «12 per week.
Telephone. Buy through tickets. O. HOWELL.
Proprietor, Hopland, Cal. • .
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure;
new dining-room, 130 ft. lake frontage; new
stable and livery: boating and bathing free:
$8 to $14 per week: round trip. $9 60. ■H. WAM-
BOLD, Prop., Bertha P. 0.,. Lake County, Cal.
SANHEDRIN HEIGHTS,
LAKE COUNTY— the pines; 4000 feet
elevation; nature's game, preserve; beautiful
scenery: purest ; r: coldest water; good shoot-
I ing; fine trout fishing; vegetables from our own
! garden; unexcelled table; ■ home comforts. L.
! B. FRASIER, Sanhedrin P. - O. ,
SUMMER HOME FARM.
Santa Cruz Mountains, first-class family re-
sort; cottages," tents, hunting and fishing ;• ar-
tificial lake for boating and swimming; long
distance telephone; campers' return tickets
$2 50. Send for circular to J. H. HAESTERS.
Glenwood, Cal. . „ ■
HOTEL LARKSPUR.
NOW OPEN. . NEW MANAGEMENT.
■■> Salt water bathing and boating. Fine drives.
KOPKINS;& CO.. Proprietors, ■.
. Larkspur. ■ Marln County, Cal. • •
JOHANNISBERG.
Famous mountain health and pleasure resort.
Elevation . 1200 ■. feet. - Relief ••■ for . asthmatics.
Fishing, boating, hunting >■' and swimming.
Terms, $7 to $10. Send for circular to
JOHANNISBERG RESORT. Napa. Cai. '
:- ." ■■:,■-#■"•■■_ ."'■. .■•*-*'-■ *-» .. -=-;--■; .■ ■ • -■ ■ ■"•- - -"? '-1 ■-■
If
-. If you wish to learn the state of tha
weather, you must consult a barometer.
If you wish to know the state of your
health, your body is a natural barometer.
If you seem to lack energy, and feel
tired, there is something the matter with
your circulation.
If you are bilious, constipated, dys-
peptic, nervous, you need something to
tone up your digestive organs.
If you fee! a sudden cold or chill,
bear in mind it may lead to pneumonia.
If you feel any or all of these symp-
toms, remember that
Duffy's Pure
Malt Whiskey
is the safest and best thing you can take
to get rid of th§m.
There is no other whiskey like it, and
nothing else that can possibly take its
place.
q visit or, JORDAN'S ««•»*
fif*&l Museum of Anatomy
j p|£|i 2051 KASSET ST. let. 6th* 7th, S.F. CiL>
& S B The Lirgestof jis klndin tin World.
lif§li»\ DR< JORDAN— Private Diseases.
R U«VJJ JL . Conmkallon fre«. Writ* for Book. ■.
vl { Philosophy of * Marriage.
O U MAILED FREE.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific ton la
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of tha
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits: no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS & PRUNE. Agents.
323 Market Street. S. (Send for Circular.)
\A/. T. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bide
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 California street,' below Powell.
San Francisco.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOR
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAL
springs in America; all kinds of amuse-
ments; new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
ing alley. First-class accommodations; rates
reasonable. Write for Illustrated pamphlets.
San Francisco office, 316 Montgomery street.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS, Cal. , :
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County. 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc.
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
Tepid Swimming .Lake. Long-distance Tele-
phone. Telegraph, etc Table unsurpassed.
Terms, $10 and $15 per week: $2 and $2 60 per
day. R. M. HORTON, Proprietor.
Of/ A O HO ROT SPRINGS, Sonoma Co.
\Kullll\ Only 4% hours from S. F. and
U!\nUUv but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
In State: swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; excellent climate; good trout
streams at door; photographers' room; tele-
. phone, telegraph, dally mail; FIRST-CLAS3
SERVICE; • morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from S. F. only $5 50; take Tiburon
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of the
past three ■ years. J. F. MULGREW. Prop.
On Howell Mountain; elevation 1750 feet;
swimming tank 100x40; temperature of water
78 degrees; climate unsurpassed; chalybeate
and other springs; tennis, croquet, riding,
driving;- $10 to $12 per week; two trains dally;
• four hours from city. Telephone.
E. ANGWIN. Angwin, Napa County, Cal.
TUSCAN SPRINGS,
Tehama County. By rail to Red Bluff. 199
miles:- fare, $6 45; daily stage to springs, 9
miles; fare, $1; elevation 1000 feet; 20 furnished
cottages for rent; accommodations at hotel for"
100 people; telephone, telegraph and postofflce
in hotel: rates, $10 and up: send for book of;
Information and testimonials. ED. B. WAL-
BRIDGE. Proprietor.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious climate; pic-
turesque scenery; mountain, walks;, pure
spring water; beautiful drives; pine groves;
lawns and gardens. The best advantages for
those ' who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture 'in a short time. Address St.
Helena Sanitarium, St. Helena. Cal.
AGUA CALIFNTE SPRINGS HOTEL,
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F., via Tib-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Hotel completely remodeled and refur-
nished.- Water, gas, electric bells. Rates $10 to
$12 per week. $2 per day. Address AGUA CALI-
ENTE SPRINGS, Aqua Caliente, Sonoma Co.,
Cal. .
HOTEL BENVENUE.
Situated on the shore of Clear Lake; fine
large grounds; special facilities for families
and children: home cooking; boating, bathing,
•fishing: rates reasonable. Address FRANK
SCALES and A. M. SCALES. __■
SODA BAY RESORT.
Most delightful spot in Lake County; hunt-
ing, fishing, boating, swimming; table sup-
plied with best market affords. Address HEATH
& BURLINGAME, Proprietors, Soda Bay.
Kelseyville. Lake County, Cal. -
TAMALPAIS VILLA.
Tamalpais Station, Ross ' Valley, near San Ra-
fael. Cottages ' and tents, with oh without
board. Dancing pavilion. Salt water bathing. .
" MRS. PETER SMITH, Proprietress.
- LONGWOOD
FRUIT FARM. AN IDEAL OUTING PLACE.
City references. Bend for illustrated . pam- .
phlet. Address G. M. SHOULTS St: SON. t
. Napa. Cal. ■■■ . ■
ORR' HOT SPRING S— I 4 miles from Ukiah ; !
charmingly . located; M mile . from - the red-
woods; fine fishing and hunting; free hot
'• mineral baths, : water 106 degrees; sure cure
for rheumatism and skin diseases; round trip
$9 60; terms $1 to $1 50 per day; best family
board. J. H. ORR, P. 0., Mendocino Co., Cal.
SANTA CRUZ Mountains, Blackburn Gulch, 5
miles from Santa Cruz; plenty of fruit on
. the ranch; good table and pleasant surround-
ings. '■-: Terms, $5 per week. Address W.
CRANDELL, Santa Crux. '
1112
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY*
Silver advanced again.
Wheat unsettled.
Barley and Oats quiet.
Corn coming in heavily from the Ei
Rye steady.
liny and Feedstuff* unchanged.
Straw very scarce.
Another sharp advance In Beans.
Flour and Millstuffs firm.
Hops quiet everywhere.
Coffee quieter a pain.
Onions weaker. Potatoes unchanged.
Vegetables in good supply.
Butter weak. Eggs as before.
Poultry market overstocked.
Scanty arrivals of Cherries.
Citrus Fruits unchanged.
Slight advance In Prunes.
Provisions unchanged.
Hogs still weak.
Increased Revenue collections.
IKPORTB OF SUGAR AND
Imports of Sugar at this port during the first
three montl .-.■.«. p-'.i..ls
. • 000 for the same time In 1897. pi
they were 7,158,000 pounda, against 8.505.-
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Internal revenue receipts for March in the
United States were 113,248,506, an Increase over
last year of $1,192,727. Receipts from various
sources were: Spirits 17.252.569. inorea»e $452 -
065: tobacco H.94LU9. increase fo
mented liquors j:\777.774. increase $488,685. For
the last nine months receipts aggregated Jl^,
754.132. an increase of $12,759,379.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow files with the wind, rhe top fig
ures at station indicate minimum temperature
f< r th" days, th"Sf underneath It, if any, the
amount of rainfall or of melted snow In Inches
undredths during the . a3t twelve hours.
]s 1 ars. or solid lines, connect points of iqual
B.r jrrssure: isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
.lture. Th-i word "high"' means high
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
I■■ ' 'tidy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
•pear <<n the Washington ~oast. When
the pressure Is high In the interior and low
the coast, and the isobars extend north
nnd south along the cnast, rain Is probable;
I :t when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
rnnrkeii curvature, rain south of Oregon is 'm
!e. With a "hish" In the vie nlty of
jdr.ho, nn<l the pressure fallinc to the Cali
fornia coTst, warmer weather may be expected
In summer ar.<! colder weather In winter. Th»
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 28. 5 p. m.
Following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season: '.."■"
Past This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 31.21 48.73
Red Bluff 0 12.30 24.13
Sacramento 0 8.87 17.
Pan Francisco 0 7.75 22.60
Fresno 0 4.01 10.52 ;
Ban Luis Obispo 0 6.05 20.71
Los Angeles 0 5.26 16.76
San Diego 0.01 4.19 11.66
Yuma 0 1.66 5.35
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, SS;
minimum, 4S; mean, 63.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
There has been a decided fall In pressure
throughout the entire region west of the Rocky
Mountains. With the exception of the Washing
ton coast, the pressure la below the normal
throughout the entire region embraced by the
Weather Map. At Red Bluff it is more than
four-tenths of an inch below the normal. At
Phoenix the barometer reads 29.38 Inches. No
well fined storm center exists; but conditions
are favorable for scattered showers and thun
der storms in Southern California and in the
mountain regions of Northern CVallfornla and
along the Northern California coast, Light rain
has already fallen at San Diego and still con
tinues.
casts ma.le at San Francisco for thirty
ending midnight. April 29, ISfIS:
Northern California— Generally cloudy, with
red showers in mountain region of east
Sacramento Valley Fri
day: brisk northwesterly wind, high on the
northern coast.
them California — Cloudy Friday, with
iHowera in mountain region; brisk
to high west wind.
Nevada— Scattered showers Friday.
Showers Friday.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Friday.
San Francisco nnd vicinity— Cloudy Friday;
brisk westerly wind.
lal report from Mount Tamalpais taken
st :. p. 111.: Cloudy; northwest wind, 36 miles
per hour; temperature. 52; maximum, 65.
ALKXA.NIJt.II .UcALuE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. April 25.-The stock market
waa quite active and animated to-day, com
pared with the lethargy and sluggishness of
yesterday. The day's business was not by any I
means large, and there were prolonged periods '
of dullness between the spurts of activity.
There was no outside interest in the market
of any importance and the buying was due to
the initiative of one or two prominent oper
ators, who distributed orders with a liberal
hand all through, the active, list. - This leader
ship invited more or less following among the
Email room traders. The buying was ■ based
upon the confident assumption that the ap
proaching naval engagement r off the Philip- '
pines would result In favor of the. .United ■
States forces. Hull operators expressed them- '
selves as confident that such a victory would
be '"good for a 5 point rise In the active
stocks." The slight decline at the opening !
due to the heaviness of the London market
and which did not at any time Call to the
l>ondon parity, were quickly overcome The
Granger* were conspicuous in the trading and
led the advance in the railroad list.
No doubt the distinctly easier tone In the
money market had something to do also With
the awakening of the speculative spirit. There
1b a feeling of confidence that the needs of '
the United States Treasury can be met without
Inconvenience to the money market Call
money was quite abundant to-day and loans
were made as low as v 2v 2 per cent. Shipments
of money continued to the Interior, but in i
small volume.
There was some Increase of activity In the
bond market, but It was confined almost en
tirely to the speculative issues, which showed
higher prices in sympathy with stocks. Total i
Bales, $I,OX>,QOO.
United States new 4s, registered, advanced I
% and the old 4s, registered, it, while the new
4s, coupon, declined % in the bid price. Others
were unchanged.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 175 100
shares. Including: Burlington, 18,795: Louis- '
ville and Nashville, 4686; Metropolitan Street
Railway, .3J50; New York Central, 3196: North- i
crn Pacific. 3115; do preferred, 10,172: Rock Isl
and, 7705; St. Pau1,. 23,761: Union Pacific, 19 :r/i
American Tobacco, 5W2; People's Gas, 3142*
American Sugar, 45.530. "'
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 10U. St P & Om 67
Do pref 24 1 Do pref ........ 140 ■■
Baltimore & Ohio 15% St 1' M & M 130
Canada Pacific ... 79% So Pacific ...;.... 12U
Canada Southern. 40 So Railway 714
Cent Pacific 10& Do pref ........ 24Ti
Chea & Ohio 17% Texas & Pacific- 'tv,
Chi & Alton 152 Union Pacific .... 60' A
Chi & Q 60% U P D & G f,£
Chi & E 111 49 Wabash ........... 6't
C C C & St L.... 26V41 Do pref 15
Do pref 70 | Wheel & L E.... 1%
Pel & Hudson ... 104% i Do pref 8V».
Del L & W 141 I Express Companies—
Den & It G.. 10 (Adams Ex 97
Do pref 414 | American Ex 121
Erie (new) ll l^ United States 37
Do ist pref .... 32 Wells Fargo 113
Ft Wayne 106 i Miscellaneous —
;Gt Nor pref 146 I A Cot Oil IGVi
Hocking Valley .. 5% Do pref 6S
| Illinois Central ... OS Amn Sprltls 11
Lake Erie & W.. 13% Do pref 26%
Do i>ref 70 Am Tobacco 101 ]
Lake Shore US Do pref US
Louie •* .-Cash 46% People's Gas 90 a
Manhattan L .... M Cons Gas 112%
Met st Ry 137 Com Cable C 0.... 150
Mich Cent 101 Col F & Iron IS
Minn £ B1 L 24V Do pref 90
Do Ist pref 7SH|Gen Electric 11
Mo Pacific 25% Illinois Steel 45
Mobile A Ohio .... 2:. Laciedc Gas *J*
i Mo X AT 9% Load 29
Do pref 31 Do pref ........ 100
Chi Ind & L 7 Nat Lin Oil M
Do pref 23 Or Imp Co -->4
N J Centra] &1\ Pacific Mail 2-4
N V Central ICS« j Pullman Pal 1.0
N V Chi A St L.. HVi Silver Cert :. 67%
Do Ist pref .... CO Stand R A T »
Do 2.1 pref .... 2S Sugar Jig;;
Nor West 11% Do pref 10' V»
N Amer Co a T C & Iron 19*4
No Pacific 23<i C S Leather .>%
Do pref St Do pref 67
i Ontario A \V 13% V S Rubber 15$
. Or R A Viv .... 42 Do pref 64%
Or Short Line .... 26 West Union BoVj
Plttsburg 167 C >•-■ : N W Jl«%
Reading 15% Do pref 1.2
DO Ist pref .... 37-H St L & S W 3%
Rock Island S3"* Do Dret 8
St L& S F 6 H G W, 23
Do Ist pref .... ".4' t Do prof 63
Do 2.1 pref .... 23^ Chi G \V HH4
ISt Paul MS 1 * Haw Com Co .... 23
Do pref 140
CLOSING BONDS.
' ! U S new '.8 reg.. 117% N Carolina 65.... 120
Do coup 118 Do 4s 102%
U S4s 106 No Pac lets 113%
Do coup 107 Do 3s BVi
Do 2<ls 94 Do 4s 904
V S us rep 10BU N V C A- S L is.. 100%
Do 6s coup 110% Nor & W 6s 115%
District 3.65s 112 Northwstrn cons. 138
| Ala class A 1084 Do deb 5s 114
• Do B '. 10S4 O Nay lsts 110
Do C 90 O Nay 4s 53%
Do Currency ... 90 OS Line Cstr.... 117
' Atchlson 4s 55% O B Line Ts tr.... 85%
Do adl 4s 87% O Imp lsts tr.... 102
! Can So Ma .*. 106 Do ss tr 40%
i Chi Term 4s SI Pacific 6s of 95... 102*
C A Ohio 5s 1124 Reading 4s >'.
C HA- D 445.... 104% H Q W 1f=t5...... 7SVi
D A R C lsts.... 108 St I- & I M C ss. RWj
D A R O4s 84 St L&S F G Cs. "T :
Fast Term lsts.. 103% St I' Con . 189
Erie Gen 4s 66 St PC & F lsts.. 114
FWA- D lsts tr. G<>% Do 5s 110%
Gen Eec 5s 98 So Ry 5s S7
iGH *S A 65.... 106 Stand & T Cs.. 54
Do 2.1s 103 Term new set 35... <■"
H A T C .is 103 T&P L G lsts.. 68
Do con 6s 100 Do Rg 2ds SO
lowa C Ists 96 U P D & G lsts. 60%
La new cons 45.. 95 Wab Ist 5s 107
L A N Uni 45.... S4 I Do 2ds 7fi
Missouri Gs 100 \v Shore 4s 1113%
M X & T M 5.... 684 '-'a Centuries ... 88
Do 4s M 1M 1 - Do deferred .r.. r .
N V Central lsts.. 113% D P pref 50%
X .1 C 5s 110% ID P 4s 89%
MINING STOCKS.
i Chollar l Ontario 250
Crown Point 0' Ophlr '. O.i
Con Cal A- Va.... 50 Plymouth U
Deadwood 05 Qulaksllver " If"
Gould & Curry.... 16 Do pref 200
Hale & Nut-cross. 40 Sierra Nevada ... 6'"'
Homestake 37 001 Standard 1 60
' Iron Silver 42 1 Union Con 10
1 Mexican ..; 10 i Yellow Jacket ... 06
BOSTON.
BOSTON, April 2S.— Atchison. 16%: Bell Tele-
I phone, 246; Burlington, 90%; Mexican Central.
| 4%; Oregon Short Line, — ; San Diego, — .
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 2S— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
market* here were steady to-day (except in
one spot noted later) on the Bank of Eng
land's return and the further inflow of gold.
The main feature was a further ris.> in Brazil
and Argentine stocks. Americans were
neglected here, but were supported at the close
by New York, apparently on the bombardment
incident. The Klondike group was especially
strong. Union Pacific preferred was bid for on
dividend rumors.
The further rise in silver and the increased
activity were due to America withholding sup
plif-s and the announcement of a French mint
age order for £60,000 to be tendered on Satur
day. Some persons say\ the order is really for
Spain.
In connection with the recent rise in Amer
ica in wheat, other grain and hemp, I learn
that those here concerned In the movement
are now insuring their profits at Lloyds.
The charge of wheat ranges from 6 to ten
guineas.
The Bank of Spain's return shows the effect
of the recent run by a decrease of £1."00 in th»
silver reserve. The minimum local proportion
of the bullion to notes required by the Bank
"f Spain is 33 per cent. The present figure is
37 per cent.
Spanish exchange is selling at 45 pesetas to
the pound sterling, the lowest fin record.
The difficultly In the West Australian mar
kft are coming to a head. Two failures were
announced to-day. Thirty-two brokers ar<* In
volved and the debtor appears to have nothing
to offer. Heavy losses must fol.ow ar.<] per
haps a scandal, but this affair is not likely to
have a lasting effect.
CLOSING.
Canadlaji Pacific, *2-V Grand Trunk. 8. Bar
silver, steady, 26V«d per ounce. Money, IWO3
j-er cent.
MAI)KID. Ariril 28. -Spanish 4's closed to
day at 60. Gold was quoted at 78.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. April 25. -FLOUR— Receipts,
::,..".'•;,; exports. «7."9; firm and moderntely active.
Winter patents. $." ""'i.'. 75; winter straits. $5 15
<ffo 25; Minnesota patents, $6 20f?6 60; winter
extras, $3 20ft .". M
WHEAT— Receipts, 296.000; exports, 91.524.
Spot, easy; No. 2 red. $1 23*4 f. o. b. afloat.
Options opened very strong and excited on a
big Liverpool advance, but speedily drl.ted Into
weakness which lasted all day. * The close
was 1 cent up on July, but %@lc net lower
on other months. No. 2 red May, $1 21&61 24;
closed. $1 214-
HOPS— Quiet.
"WOOL— Quiet.
PETROLKUM— DuII. ■
METALS— There was an Increased Inquiry
noted in nearly all departments for spot deliv
ery and quotations for such were a shade
higher. Future business, however, was slack.
At the close the Metal Exchange called:
Pic; lltON— Warrants unchanged, with $6 70
bid and $7 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Firm, with $12 15 bid. $12 25
asked.
TlN— Higher for spot and dull for futures,
with $14 r.r, bid, $14 7.*. awked.
SPELTER— Quiet, $4 10 bid. $4 20 asked.
LEAD— Higher and unsettled, with $3 70 bid
and $3 80 asked. Lead 1b still quoted $.1 SO by
the firm fixing th settling price for leading
miners and smelters. In the west.
COFFEE— closed steady, unchanged
to 5 i>oints net higher. Sales, 25.000 bags, In
cluding: May, $6 11. Spot coffee— Rio, firm;
No. 7 invoice, 7c; No. 7 Jobbing, V/.c. Mild,
firm: Cordova. S!4<ilsHc.
SUGAR— Raw. strong; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, 96 test. 4Uc; refined, strong.
BUTTER— 22*6 packages; steady;
Western creamery. 15@17c; Elglns, 17c; factory,
12H(&l.'ic.
EGGS— Receipts, 12,089 packages; steady;
State and Pennsylvania, ll^@ll&c; Western.
lIM-c; Southern, 10H€>ll%c,
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. April 2S._ California dried
fruits: Apples, strong; other fruits firm.
EVAPORATED A PPLF.S-- Common, s®7Hc:
prime wire tray. SV: wood dried, prime, 8U
@>BV4c; choice. B%c; fancy, !fa'.<V-c.
PRUNES V-/<iSc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 6Mt<sßc; Moorpark, BV>@
10c.
PEACHES— tJnpeeled, r.fJSc; peeled, ll@l4c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. April 28.— Traders In wheat had
an exciting time during the first hour -to-day
on account of the violent advance at Liverpool,
but there was an evident indisposition on the
part of many to allow excitement abroad to
unhinge their own Judgment at home. A quite
general Impression prevailed among traders
that foreigners were becoming hysterical over
the supposition that Spain may Interfere with
the exjiort movement of American products.
But another portion of the trade interprets
the wild advance abroad to the sudden discov
ery by foreigners that there Is not enough
wheat and flour available anywhere to keep
them supplied until the next harvest. The rea
sonings of these two factions is what caused
the market to fluctuate violently until the
bears appeared to be on top. The advance of
B@loVic for July and May at Liverpool and
smaller rises at Paris and Antwerp were said
to be the result of American covering, but ex
porters sold several cargoes of northern at
s! 44 and private cablegrams said English mil
lers were ■ bidding excitedly for wheat. ■ July,
which started 2V''3'-«c higher at S7Vi<g9Se, de
clined rapidly to %<-, rallying Just as quickly
to- Si^c: This range was covered •■ several
times. When July was selling around 96c near
the close a private cablegram from Argentine
reported an Increase In the estimated wheat
yield of that country to 40,000,000. It caused
enough selllnc to break July to 9.">e, the low
point cf the day, but a quick rally to 95^4c fol
lowed. July closed at the last-named figure, a
net gain of %6%e. May sold between $1 2lff?
1 24, closing IV net higher at $1 22^.
. Corn started strong with Liverpool, which
closed. HiZd higher. . General realizing offset
the mass of bullish Influence, and after ad
vancing lHc . the market weakened and closed
at the bottom, a net rain of Vie over yester
day. .
Oats were quiet but firm on export sales of
310,000 bushels. : Covering; of this line closed
May at the top, a net gain of %c. July closed
He net higher. ~ - - ." .. . _, ...
Provisions started. fairly strong, but closed at
the bottom >on free selling ,by packers For
eigners appeared indifferent. At the close July
pork was 15c net lower and lard and ribs each
7&e lower. -•...-- .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— ■ Open. 4 Hlgh. Low. Close
Wheat. No. »—
TIIE SA:N T FRANCISCO CALL, FEIPAY, APRIL 29, 1898.
May .123 124 121 1224
July 97% 98 95 96V4
September 84 84 52% «•*
leeember 53% Si 81%
Corn, No. 2—
\r>rll .... .... 34
X ::::::::::::::::::: 33 M i m
September 314 36% 35% 3o}*
Oats, No. 2— r, % :- 2qt /
vprll 294
.lav ."!!!!!!'.*'.".'*".*..' 294 29% 29 23%
ruly 25% 25* 25% 25%
September 234 23% 23% 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
May 1145 1145 1105 11124
July 11 SO 1180 1123 11324
Lard, per 100 lbs —
May 5«5 570 5 574 5 574
July ....5 77% 5 774 565 565
.September '. 5 SO 5 85 5 73 5 75
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
.May 5 55 5 55 5 42V. 5 424
inly ....5 624 5 65 5 474 5 50
September 5 72% 3 724 D 57% 5 57%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
.strong ' on' local and foreign demand: No. 2
spring wheat. $1 10, nominal: No. 3 spring
wheat, |1 0501 13: No. 2 red. $1 21%Q 1 1 22; No.
.' corn. 34@34%c; No. 2 oats, 23% c; No. 2 white,
11%@32Hc; No. 3 white, 31@31%c; No.' 2 rye.
i".o%c; No. 2 barley, 41@50c; No. 1 flax seed.
-'! 30®l 30%; -prime timothy seed, .s2 90: mess
pork, per barrel, $11 15©11 20; lard, per 100
pounds, $3 57%; short ribs sides (loose), $3 30
®8 '"; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 4%®5c;
■^hort clear sides (boxed), $■"> Ss<?i6 0-3: whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gallon, $1 20. .
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels y 200 10,400
Wheat, bushels 57,400 . iy^.r«tO
Corn, bushels 331,300 106,900
Oats, bushels : 410,300 165,700
Rye. bushels 7,700
Barley, bushels 6,100 6,500
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creameries, 13@16c; Dai
ries.- 12@15c. Eggs, firm; fresh, 10c. Cheese.
dull; unchanged.
"WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 156.020 « 18,720
Duluth 79,478 111,057
Milwaukee 13,000 650
Chicago :.... 57,427 198.053
Toledo 41,153 3.600
St. Louis 14.000 3.000
Detroit 4.479 2.068
Kansas City 42,500 44,000
Totals ...' 438,057 381,170
Tidewater—
B«nston 174,347. 160,000
New York 2!t6,C00 91.424
Philadelphia 3.515 1,398 |
Baltimore 53,385 |
New Orleans |
Galveston 550 71,000 j
Totals 525.097 323,823
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— April. Ms»y.
Opening 67 13 66 75 !
Closing 6S 50 67 80;
Flour-
Opening 32 40 3130
Closing 32 60 3175
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
May. July. Sept. Dec. ,
Opening 91% 710 7 3
Closing 10114 85£ 7 10% 7 3
-EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. April 2S.— CATTLE— Trade in
cattle to-day was Inactive and prices remained
steady. Beef steers, common to fair, $4'M 50;
prime shippers. $.', lO®s 25; bulk, $4 4006; cows
and heifers brought $4 70@4 SO; canners, $2 50
HOGS— SoId at $3 7r.fi 4 10; pigs sold largely
at $3 60@3 86; prime light hogs sold 10c under
the best heavies. The close was about un
changed from yesterday.
SHEEP— Were slow of sale and a trifle lower.
• 'lipped lambs, $4 26@4 7.": \v.« I.J. $5{T5 65;
shorn sheep. $3 50<ff4 35, largely $4^4 25.
llHo.-ipts— Cattle. 9500; hogs, 37,000; sheep,
ir.,«i(K).
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. April 2S.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 27U0. Market steady to 10c higher;
Texas steers, $3 .'•(> ■1 4 i" . native steers, $3 70^
4 95; native COWS and heifers, $2 50@4 .'.O; stock
ers and feeders. $3 50@5 25; bulls, $3 I'O'ii 3 75.
HOGS Receipts, 14,800. Market opened
steady, closed weak; bulli of saJ^s. %i 75
heavies. *3 7''ii4; packers, S3 70-vi 3 S." ; mix^.i.
' 85; light, $3 60@3 75; yorkers, $3 70<g3 75;
pigs, *3 2">'ji3 75.
SHEEP Receipts, 4300. Market steady;
lambs, $4 su'a6 75; muttons. $384 75.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, April 2S.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1600.
Market steady; native beef steers, J4Q4 75;
Western steers, $3 S'tfi 4 50; Texas steers, $3 2.W
4 25; cows and heifers. $3 1...m 10; stockers and
feeders. $3 l^iA 90; calves, {4',i; BO; bulls, stags,
etc.. $2 50@3 70.
HOGS— Receipts, 8800. Market firm. 5c lower;
heavy. J2 7053 80; mixed, $3 65<?3 75; bulk of
sales. $3 7063 75.
SHEEP— Receipt*, R6OO. Market steady; fair
to choice natives, ?3 70^4 60; do Westerns,
$3 60£i4 50; lambs, $4 2606 40.
DENVER.
DBNVSB, April 28.— OATTLE- Receipts. 400.
Market steady and strong; beef steers, $3 40®
4 50; cows, iZ'qi; feeders, freight paid to river,
J3 9001 30; stockers do, $4<fi4 B0; bulls and stags,
$2 50@3 '.'.".
H< >< ;s- Receipts. 350. Market 5c lower; light
packers, $3 75©* 80; mixed, $3 70@3 77M.; heavy,
$;t 7ii'ii3 SO.
SHEEP— Receipt*, none; market unchanged.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, April 2S.— Consols, 111 3-16; silver.
2 f ' 4 ; French Rentes, 102f 30c.
LIVERPOOL— ApriI 28.— Wheat excited and
difficult to quote. No. 1 Standard California
wheat, 47s Id; Cargoes Walla Walla wheat,
4T.s 7- i-«l : cargoes off coast nothing quoted. 6d
Is higher; cargoes - passage, less offering. 6d
Is higher; English country markets, firm;
French country markets quiet; wheat in Paris,
strong: flour In Paris, strong.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 9-16 d.
CLOSING.
Corn, spot American mixed new, firm, 4s 4d;
May, steady, 4s 3Vid; July, steady; 4s l^d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, April 28— Wheat got past the
.I■■ 1 1 a r mark t.i-dny; $1 02 was paid fur choice
bluestem, and club was In demand from 93 to
97c. Flour was marked up again to-day, and
another advance will follow to-morrow.
Cleared— German ships Ortrud and Alice for
Queenst.wn with 79,001 and 320,833 bushels of
wheat respectively.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, April 28.— Wheat, No. 1 club, 95c;
No. 1 bluestem, $1.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, April 28.— COTTON— Easy;
middling, 5%»c.
NEW YORK, April 28.— COTTON— Steady ;
middling, e\c.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, April 2S.— To-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $218,814,956; gold re
serve, $180,612,G05.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, April 28.— Exchanges, $342,739;
balances, $52,84 G. •
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight _ {4 gj
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 $41,5
Sterling Cables _ 4 35
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17^
Fine Silver, per ounce — 57
Mexican Dollars _ 461^
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Conditions were mixed ypsterdny.
Liverpool and Paris quotations came through
higher again, with excited markets there. Cnl
eago opened at 94% c, ran up to 97c and fell
back to 9," l 4C. This market was confused in
consequence of these irrrgular prices In the
governing centers and went up and down In
sympathy. Spot value* were undisturbed
though shipping was quoted firmer if anv
thlng.
Tidewater quotations are: Shinping, $1 So@
1 82Si for No. 1 and $1 83% for choice; milling
$1 SSTM 90 per Ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock— December—
8000 ctls, fl fH%; 4000. $1 84%; 34,000, $1 84Vfe.
Second session— December— 2ooo ctls, $ion
10.1100, |1 54%; 26,000. $1 64%; 10,000, $1 54%- Sooo'
$1 84. May— WOO, $1 85; 2000, $1 84' i; 2<K>o, $1 84 '
Regular morning session— December— 10 000
ctls. $1 8S; 16,000, $1 52%; 10.000, Jl H2W- 4000
$1 82%; 2000. SI 82H; 12.000. $182; 4000, "$1 S 1 > •. "■
12, (XK), $181; 14,000, $180%; 16,000, $181 Vi; 14.000
$1 81%: 8000. $1 81%. '
Afternoon session — December — 14,000 ctls
$1 gO%; SOOO. $1 SO; 6000, $1 Ro>,i; 2000, $1 73%: 28 -
000, $1 79%; SOOO, $1 79%; MOO, 1 79%.
BARLEY— Both spot and speculative markets
were dull and not materially changed though
futures showed a slight advance. Feed, $1 35
<gl 37>a; Brewing, $1 40W1 50.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock — December—
IO.iiOO <tls, Jl IS.
Second session — No Bales.
Itegular morning session— Deeemher— lo 000
ctls, Jl 34: 800, $1 33%: 2000. $i 34%.
Afternoon session— May— 2000 ctls, $1 34- 4000
$1 3f.M>. December— 2ooo. Jl 337,; 2000, Jl 3414.
OATS— The market continues easy and quiet
at unchanged quotations Offerings are ample
tor all needs.
Fnncy Feed. Jl 42Vi ( i?l 4J per ctl; good to
Choice, $1 3715^1 42H: common, Jl 30^1 35; Sur
prise, U4S£loO; gray. Jl J2Vi@l 37H; milling,
$1 3:,r<rl 42' i per ctl.
CORN— Receipt! from the East are exces
sive, those yesterday being over 9000 ctla. -Sin
gularly enough the market does not decline
under th'-se excessive arrivals, and dealers give
as a reanon that most of the stock now com
ini: was sold to arrive.
Small round yellow, $1 23 per ctl; large yel
low, Jl 10(j?l 15; white, Jl 15.
KYK--5I 27 V 1 40 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— JI 75@2 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
No further change was announced yesterday.
FLOUR— Famiry Extras, $5 75@5 85; Bakers'
Extras. $.". 50Q6 CO per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In .sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, f3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 73 per 100;
Rice Flour, $6; Corn meal $2 60; extra cream
C-rnmeal. $3 25: Oatmeal, $4; Oat Groats. $4 25;
1 ominy, $3 26QS 50: Buckwheat Flour. $4®4 25:
! Cracked Wheat. $3 73: ■ Farina. $4 75; Whole
I Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 80
©6 20; in sacks, $5 60@6: Pearl Barle" $4 75;
Split Peas. $4 23; Green Peas, $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
, The 69 tons from Washington yesterday was
Timothy. The market for most descriptions
was unchanged. Straw Is extremely scarce
and firm. ; ';
BRAN-$21«T21 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-$23 50© 25 50 per ton.
FKUDSTUKFS— Rolled Barley. s29o3o per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $3l'<fi3l 50; jobbing,
£3Z(r3Z nO; Cocoanut Cake, $24@25: Cottonseed
Meal, $2Sfa3o per ton; Cornmeal. $24 50; Crack
ed Corn. »2."..
HAY— (Ex-car in round lots)— Wheat, $23@
26 oO; Wheat and Oat, $21@25; Oat. $20@23; Bar
ley, none; compressed Wheat, $22<<»25; com
pressed Oat. $2':<7J22- Alfalfa, $15@17; Clover,
nominal; Timothy, $15@17.
STHAW-*1 per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Another general advance In Beans is noted.
It is due to the dry weather, which creates a
sharp speculative demand. The rise in Llmas
is particularly sharp.
liEANS— Bayos, $2 95@3 05; Small Whites,
$1 85gl 95; Large Whites, $1 75@1 90; Pinks,
$2 6602 76; Reds, $2 25@2 35; Blackeye, $3 25®
3 60; Butters, $1 65@1 75; Lima*. $3@3 25; Pea,
11 7501 SO: Red Kidneys, $2 50@2 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 25@3 50 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $3 15@3 25; Flax. $2 25; Canary I
Seed, 2^io2%c per lb; Alfalfa, 3@6c: Rape, 2>4@
2V 1 : Hemp, 2};@3c; Timothy, 3@sVic.
DRIED PEAS— $1 75@2; Green. »1 90®
2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES
String Beans from Vacavllle brought 12% c
per lb.
Los Angeles String. Beans brought s@loc
per lb, . Green Peppers 20@25c and Tomatoes
$1 60 per box.
Onions continue to decline slowly. Vege- j
tables show no change worthy of note. '-
POTATOES— Early Rose, 40@50c; River Reds, \
40<i?50c; River Burbanks. 50@60c per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, 50@85c; Peiaiuma Burbanks, 50
©65c per sack; Sweet Potatoes, $I@l 25 for
Merced: new Potatoes, I@l%C per lb.
ONlONS— Choice $2 40<g2 60, Cut Onions, H,
<&'l 25 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 835 boxes As
paragus, 236 boxes Rhubarb and 707 sacks
Peas.
Asparagus, $2^2 25 for extra large. $1 50' 75
per box for No. 1. 75cU$l 25 for small; Rhu
barb, 55950 C per box for small to good and 60®
r extra choice; Green Peas. T."< .;«i 25 per
sack: Garden Peas. 24f?3c per lb; Dried Pep
pers, 6(g7c per lb: Dried Okra 124 c; Cabbage,
65@75c per ctl; Carrots, 25{i26c per sack- Cu
cumbers. 35c(n$l per dozen; Mexican Tomatoes.
$1 ■' ■: i 75 |.. '■ b x
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes sliced raw. 12c per lh in lots of 25
lbs: sliced desiccated, lfiftlSc; granulated raw,
13c; Onions. fiiV; Carrots, old. 13c: new, 18c;
Cabbage. 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 80c; Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Ftnck of all kinds except ymng Roosters and
Turkeys is dragging, as the market is over
stocked with both Eastern and California.
POULTRY- ~.ve Turkeys, 1117 12c for Gob
blers and U<a 12c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 ill 25: Goslings. $1 75@2 So; Ducks. $3 50<Vi4.",U
for old and $5'7?6 .10 for young; Hens, $3(£i4;
Roosters. younp. $7'fiS; Roosters ol«i
$3 CO; Fryers, $6@6 50; Broilers, $4 50<3>5 50
lor large. $2<g3 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 Z>O(g>
1 75 per dozen for young and $1 25 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
There is no further decline In Butter, but It
Is weak. Eggs range about the same. ,
BUTTEB
Creamery — creameries, 19@19%c; sec
onds, I . i 1
Dairy — Choice to fancy, "lS@l9c; common
grades, 15<g 17>^c per lb.
Eastern Butter — Imitation creamery, 16
iJj'IGHc: ladle-packed, l.VglGc per lb; Eastern
Eljrin tub, to arrive, 18Vic.
CHEESE — Choice mild new, 10c: common
to good, 7&SJ9c; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc;
Young America, 10<gllc: "Western, Il®l2c;
Eastern, 12i&g?13t£c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 12HS13HO per dozen;
store Eggs, ll%@l2c;Eastern, nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
There are very few Cherries coming In here,
as they are all going East. Receipts of Straw
berries are ample for all needs and they are
weak at a further decline.
A car of red Apples from . Nevada Is selling:
at 75c@$l per box.
... Citrus, fruits are unchanged. - -.-,
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—*
Receipts were 177 chests of Strawberries and
14 boxes of Cherries.
Strawberries, $f/(i7 per chest for large and
$6(fi9 for small berries.
Small White Cherries, 35<350c per box; red,
$1 2.1: black, $1 oo@l 75. .'_;>..-*;%•
Gooseberries. — per drawer.
Apples, 4"'k.™c per box^or common, TOcGfJ
for good to choice and $1 2.1 ft 'l 50 for fancy
CITBUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 608S;
Seedlings, T.VlfSl 25; Lemons, 50cg$l for com
mon and $1 2f.<&2 2.1 for good to choice; Mexi
can Lim>»s. (8*5094;; California Limes, In
small l".\»>s. 50050 c; Bananas, $1 25@2 per
bunches; Pineapples, $3st4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
Prunes are' slightly higher, both here and
In the East, and the demand for them con
tinues good. Otherwise there is nothing new.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots. 4>i
<f?4Hc for 40-60" ; 3»i@4e for 50-CO's; Vi@VA for ;
CO-70's. 2*;fi3c for 70-80's; 2 1 ,4@2%c for SO-90's, 1% 1
&2c lor .-.■>; Peaches, 3fg.ac; fancy. 5V.,<,i, i
6c; peeled. 10@12Hc; Apricots, s@6Vtc for Roy
als and 70Sc for good to fancy Moorparks-
Evaporated Apples. e&'gTc; sun-dried. MKc' I
Black Figs, In sacks, 2©2Hc; Plums. 4«WWc
for pitted and l@l%c for unpltted; bleached 1
Plums, s®s^4c; Nectarines, 4@sc for prime '
to fancy; Pears, 2V4@4% for quarters and 3411
5%c for halves, according to color etc
RAISINS— IH€2c for two-crown, 3c for
three-crown, 3V4c for four-crown, 414 c for
Seedless Sultanas. 2%c for Seedlesss Muscatels
; and $I@l 10 for London layers; dried Grapes,
2'^c. '
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at Sc per lb-
Walnuts. 3@4c for hardshell and 4@6c for soft-
Bhell; Almonds, B@4c for hardshell, C@7c for
■ofUhell, 6V4@9c for paper-sheil; Peanuts :
4@s^c lor Eastern and 4Hc for California; Pc- '
cans, 6V6®Bc; Filberts, SU.'TjiOc; Brazil Nuts !
S@9c per lb; Cocoanuts, $4 50(?i'$5 per 100.
HONEY— Milfic for bright and 6@7c j
for lower grades; water- white extracted. 5-si@
Be: light amber, extracted, 45ii&:a l Ac per lb
BEES WAX-24<g per lb
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c per lb for !
heavy, 9Hc for light medium, 10!4c for light, I
lie for extra light and 12c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. I0%Ollc; Califor
nia Hams. 8^@10c; Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl • !
extra Mess Beef, $11: Family Beef, $12; Salt I
Pork, $9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear, i
$17017 50; mess, $15; Smoked Beeef. 12c per lb. 1
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at 5V,c per lb
for compound and 7c for pure; pails, 7% 0 -
California tierces, Ec per lb for compound '
and 6^c for pure; half barrels, 6%ic; 10-Ib tins
7%-: 5-lb tins. Be.
COTTOLENE-Tlerces, 6^@6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-ib pails. 60 in a case, B%c;
3-n» pails, 20 In a case, B%c; 5-lb palls. 12 In a
case, BVic; 10-tb pails, 6 in a case, S^c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%e: wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, 7%c; fancy tubs, SO lbs net, 7%c; half
bbls, about 110 lbs, 7^c per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hops are quoted quiet and easy In the East
and Europe, and. this market shares In the
general dullness. But few contracts have thus
far been drawn.
1 HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
St.- rs. 10c; medium, B%@9c; light, S'/>c; Cow
hides. B%®9c; Stags, 6c; salted Kip, "9c; Calf.
10c; dry Hides, lr.Jflfic; culls and brands, 12ffi>
13c: dry Kip and Veal. IG&W-.c: dry Calf,
18< IV; culls, :i;v/i7c: Goatskins, s. u ,37',ic each:
Kids. 6010 c; Deerskins, good summer, 26030 c
per tb; medium. 2uc; winter, 10c; Sheepskins.
; shearlinßH. :;<.<■„ 2f,c each; short wool, 40060 c
I each; medium, OOfgSOc; long wool, 90c@Jl 20
each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3<??3%c per n>;
No. 2. 2*i2M>c; refined, sc; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquin, defective. 7®
9c: Southern Mountain. 9@llc; free Northern,
12@13c: Northern, defective, 9@llc per tt>.
HOPS— IS 97 crop, 10@14c per It).
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are weak and there are too many small
ones coming In. The other descriptions show
no change.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BRKF— First" quality, r r; seonnd quality,
BH@6c: third quality, 4<i?sc per- Ib.
\ EAL — Large. s<</i>c; small, 6%ra>7c per IT>.
MUTTON— Wethers. B@9c; Ewes, So per lb.
LAMB— Spring;, B%@9c per Ib. .•*■■■
PORK— Live' Hogs. 3*Jc for large and 4c for
medium; stock Hogs, 2@2»/2c; dressed Hogs,
5%<§6%c. . *
, GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentin, $5 30.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton. $8: . Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$6: Bryant. $6: Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $7 50:
Scotch, $10; Cumberland, no 25 in .bulk and
$11 50 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Cannel. $10 par ton; Rock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley. $3; Coke, $12 per
ton In bulk and $14 In sacks. .
COFFEE— C. E. Bickford's" circular says:
"The activity in this article continued \ until
the beginning of the present week when official
knowledge- that - neither import nor excise du
ties would be levied upon coffee -by -■ this Gov
ernment—for the present, at least— has entirely,
relieved the temporary situation, and business
has practically subsided. Dealers having mean
while stocked themselves freely are now mostly
occupied In attending to its ordinary liquida
i tion, and a quiet tone prevails with a slight
I reaction in first hand prices, some of which.
■ however, are still above those given on our
review of the 16th lnst. j Under the circumstan
| ces, the movement for the next two or three
weeks Is apt to be small.
"To-day's first hand stock consists of 6570
, Costa Rica, .'.33 Nicaragua, 7707 Salvador, 11.249
Guatemala and 1678 Mexican; in all 27,737 bags,
■ as against 31,999 bags the same time last year.
. "The steamer Acapuloo Is due about the 30th,
I with 3200 bags."
We quote:
I Costa 16@17e for prime washed: 14@150
for good washed; 16016 V.C for good to prime
washed peaberry; 14(§15c for good peaberry:
12%g?14t&c for good to prime; ll@l2c for good
current mixed with black beans; 9V4@l2*4c for
fair; 6@9c for common to ordinary.
Salvador — 13@15Hc for good to prime washed;
llig'l2»4c for fair washed; "14(3'15c for good to
prime washed peaberry; 9%(5?10^c for superior
unwashed; 9WIS9V6C for good green unwashed;
llH(s'l2&c for good to prime unwashed pea
berry.
Nicaragua— 9y@loV4c for pood to superior un
washed; Il((j)l2c for good unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— l7®lßc for prime *to
fancy washed; 14@16c for good to strictly good
washed; Ilij?l2i£c for fair washed: Sfjin'ac for
medium; 6(g>7?4c for common to ordinary; 15%©
17c for good to prime washed peaberry; 11V6@
12>4c for good unwashed peaberry; 9',{@loHc for
good to superior unwashed.
SALT— Is easier at «14 for the cheaper, and
$22 56 per ton for the better grades.
CEMENT— Is firm at $3®3 25 per bbl.
NUT OIL— Is higher at 49£f56c per gallon.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Hennery Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered, 6Hc; Dry
Granulated, 5%c; Confectioners' A, 6%c; Mag
nolia A, f.<4c: Extra C, s*&c; Golden C, sVic;
Candy Granulated, Sc; California A. 5%c per
!b; half barrels Vie more than barrels, and
boxes %c more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday, April 88. ■• -
Flour, qr aks ... 32,998 Hay, tono 120
Wheat, ctls 400 Eggs, doz 17.280
Barley, ctls 4,877 Quicksilver, flak. 108
Oats, ctls Wool, bales 179
Cheese, ctls ..... 182 Pelts, bdls ... 335
Butter, ctls 320 Hides, no 697
Tallow, ctls 243 Lime, bbls 282
Beans, sks ; 1.83:; Raisins, bxa 2,430
Potatoes, sks ... 1.584 Brandy, gals 2,375
Bran, sks 1.586 Wine, gals 67.250
Middlings, sks .. 430 Leather, rolls ... 196
Straw, tons 5
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 5.2441 Potatoes, sks ... 4.753
Wheat, ctls 15.9701 Onions, sks 100
Barley, ctls 4.290 1 Bran, sks 4.000
Oats, ctls 2.395: Shorts, sks 2,500
• WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 13,9001 Oats, ctls 3.710
Wheat, ctls 3.150 Timothy hay, ctls 63
Barley, ctls 290 !
EASTERN.
Corn, sks 9,2101
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining Stocks were dull and not materially
changed.
The Bullion assessment falls delinquent In
board to-day.
Looal securities sold well ns usual, with a
number of variations, up and down. In the
favorites.
The Geyser-Marion Mining Company of Utah
has declared a dividend of 2 cents per Bhare,
amounting to J6OX>, payable May 2.
The Montana Limited Gold and Silver Mln
intr Company has declared a dividend of 6^4
cents per share, amounting to $5940, payable
May 18.
The Rescue Mining Company of Park City
District, Utah, has levied an assessment of
10 cents per share.
The Channel Bend Mining Comnany of El
Dorado County has levied an assessment of
2 cents per share, delinquent on May 27.
The Virginia Chronicle publishes the follow
ing account of the work in the Alta mine and
at the Company's mill: The Alta mill with ten
stamps dropping is pulverizing 2.1 tons of ore
fr.im the mine daily. The last assay from bat
tery samples showed an average value of gold,
|18; silver, 21 tine ounces. The Whlffley con
centrators are doing good work and since the
pulp from the coneentators is beins run
through the pans only a small percentage of
the battery assay value escapes. The stopes
in the mine are looking well and are yleld
the usual quantity and quality of ore. John
Landers, prrf-Hpnt of the Alta Company, will
arrive here Tuesday to look over the situation.
■ In the Belcher mine, on the ]2Oi level, no
work was done In the crosscut during the past
week. On the 85© level the Joint Belcher and
Crown Point west crosscut from upraise No.
1 is now out 43 feet, having been extended 11
feet for the week. The face shows quartz giv
ing low assays. There was hoisted from the
Br-lcher mine during the past week 53 mining
carloads of ore of the average car assay of
(It 59 per ton.
The official letter from the Justice mine for
the past week says: "'The winze from the
face of the southeast drift Is now sunk a total
depth of 40 feet. We have been engaged most
of the time since the last report in timbering
and making other necessary repairs. During
the week we have hoisteil 6H tons of ore from
the north drift on the SO level. The car sam
ples of the same averaged $26 78 In gold and
$14 91 in silver; total, $41 G9 per ton.
The report of the Xew Idria quicksilver mine
for 1597 shows the treatment of 1.1,310 tons >>f
ore, yielding 36'"«1 flasks of quicksilver. The
financial statement Is as follows:
Receipts $125,929
Working expenses $81,342
Dividends 30,000
111.312
Surplus $17,587
The reduction works were in actual opera
tion only seven months. The ore territory Is
large and promising. The dividends are equal
to 6 per cent on the capital. The surplus is
$28,248.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, April 28—2 p. m.
Hid. Ask. Bid.Ask.
U S Bonds— MEL Co — 13U
4s quar c0up.. 107 108 Oakland Gas.. 45 46Vi
i4s <iuar re-g.,.106 lOtiH. Pae Gas Imp.. S2 83
i4s quar coup.. llß 119 Pac t, Co 50 53
Miscellaneous— S F Q & E.. 83 83>*
Cal-st Cab 55. 113 — San Fran 3 31*
Cal El Cs 125 — St.ick Jas 12 —
C C Wat 65... — 1034 Insurance—
Dup-st er. c. — 98& Firems Fund. l9o —
E L i P 65.. 127% — Hank Stocks—
F&Ch R- 6s. — 116 Vi Anirlo-Cal .... — 64
Geary-st H ss. — lUO Bank of Ca1.. 235 237%
H C & S BH--100 105 Cal S D & T. — 96
L A L Co 63. — 100 I First \'at 195 —
Do irntcl 65.. — 100 | I»n P & A. ..130 —
Market-st 65.. — 126tf Mer Exchange 10 15
Do Ist M 55.. 112 — Nev .\'at 8...151 155
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 97V4 Savings Banks—
NCNg Rv 75. 102 — Ger S & L.. — 1700
N Ry Cal 65. .106 112S Hum .S & L..1050 1160
N By Cal 55.. MKIOOU Mutual Hay. — 42W,
NPC R R 65. 103 - S F Say C — 600
NPC Ry 55.. — 101 S& L 50.... — 100
N Cal Ry 55.. — — Security S B 250 —
Oak Gas 55... 100 — Union T Co. 950 —
Do 2d Is 55.. — 108 Street Railroad—
Om Ry 63 — 12414 California ....108 110
P A O Cs 110 — Geary 40 —
P&ChRv 6s — 110 Market-st .... 49\ —
Powell-st 6s. ..116 — Presidio 6Vi 9
Reno WL.&L..100 — Powder—
SncElec lly Ss.lMfelOSft California ....115 150
SF & N P Bs.lOG — E Dynamite... 85 —
SierraßCa! C 5.102 105 Giant Con Co. 43 —
SPof Ar 65.. 99\i — Vlgorlt 3V4 3\
S P Cal 65.. — 113 Miscellaneous—
FVC Is eg 55.. — 96' AAI I'ac Assn.. 92 95
S P Hr 6s 108 110 Ger Ld Wks.llo —
S V Wat 65. ..115 118 Hana P C 0... — In
S V Wat 45...100 M: — H C & S Co.. 234 23* i
Stock Gas 65.. — 103 Hutch S P Co. 46Mi 46%
Water— Mer E* Assn. W —
Contra Costa.. 47'^ 55 Nat Vln C 0... — 7H
Marln Co 50 — Oceanic S Co. 46% 48
Spring Valley. SB% 99 I'ac A F L.. 1H !^
Gas & Klectric— IPac Bot C0.. .100^101
Cent GasllKht.loo — I Par Paint Co. C^ 10
Morning Session.
30 Pacific Gas Imp : S2 00
7."> Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar. 24 00
25 do do ; 23 75
275 do do 23 -,0
100 do do b 5.. .23 50
60 do do 23 37%
2.'. Hutchlnson S P Co 45 75
60 - do do ...45 87%
100 ' do do ...46 00
25 do do ......; .: ..46 25
25 do do ■;.. :.. 46 50
5S F Gas & Electric C0...V S3 00
20 Vlgorlt Powder 3 50
. "Afternoon Session.
10 Giant Powder Con 43 00
16 do do 43 25
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 50
CO do do ....' 23 75
150 do do .....23 62%
20 Bank of California 235 00
150 Hutchlnson S P Co 46 75
50 do do . .......".: 46 50
50 do do .: 46 02%
75 Market-street Railway 50 00
25 do do ................' 49 75
'.Oceanic Steamship Co 46 62%
10 do do . ..................... 46 37%
32 S F Gas & Electric Co 83 00
25 do do 83 25
15 Spring Valley Water 99 00
'. Street— ■ ■ '■ . .. '>,,.■
25 Oceanic Steamship Co 46 RO
30 Spring Valley Water 99 00
• INVESTMENT . BOARD.
Morning Session.
50 Oceanic Steamship Co 46 50
65 S F Gas & Electric 82 50
100 Hawaiian C & S Co 23 75
40 Hutchinson S P Co 45 62%
SO Giant Powder 43 12%
20 do do ....... 43 25
— Afternoon Session.
50 Market-street Railway Co 60 00
50 do do 49 57%
60 Spring Valley Water '. 99 00
50 Hutchlnson S P Co 46 50
.50 .do do 3 15.;...'. 46 25
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
• Morning Session. \V- ♦- %
100 Alpha • 021900 Hale & Norcrs. 50
250 Belcher Oil 500 Overman 02
200 Best & Belcher. 27 i 200 Sierra Nevada., m
250 Con Cal & Va.. .58 200 Utah .. 07
200 Gould & Curry.. ■ 20 1 '
■ . ' : Afternoon Session. .-■ • .
200 Belcher 14150 .................. 39
200 Best & Belcher. ■2V 300 Potosl .......... .'. ■23
300 Cha11enge . . . . . ... 15 i COO Savage .......... 15
100 Con Cal & Va.. 611100 14
50 fiO 400 Sierra Nevada.. ♦>»
250 Gould & Curry.. 21 300 Union Con 15
200 Hale & Norcrs. M WO Utah 07
200 Mexican V. 300 Yellow Jacket... 03
100 Ophlr 40
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Alta 20 200 Hale & Norcrs. 51
300 Andes r>S IM Mexican 13
200 Best & Belcher. 2N 200 Ophir 3^
400 Chollar 18 900 40
200 Con Cal & Va.. .17 7od Potosi 23
200 sft 20<i Sierra Nevada.. TO
166 80 1000 Yellow Jacket.. 09
500 Gould & Curry.. 20
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 20 700 Ophir 39
400 Belcher 13 1 200 40
fiflO Best & Belcher. 291800 Overman 03
500 Challenge IS 200 Potosi .. 2o
300 Gould & Curry- • 21 SOO Savage 1">
300 Hale & Norcrs. .12 350 Sierra Nevada.. 70
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THTO6t>AY, April 28—4 p. m.
Bid. As!;. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03|Julla — 0?
Alta l!i 20 Justice 09 10
I Andes 07 0.1 Kentuck — 02
Benton Con ... — 2n l>ady Wash — 03
Belcher 13 14 Mexican 12 13
Best & Belchr. 29 30 Occidental 115 —
Bullion 01 02 Ophlr 39 40
Caledonia 15 17 Overman H2 03
Chollftr IS Id PotOßl 23 24
Challenge Con. 14 It! Savage 14 15
Con Cal & Va. 110 61|Seg Belcher ... — «2
Confidence — 4." Scorpion — 02
Con Imperial .. 01 02 1 Sierra Nevada. 70 71
Crown Point .. 10 11 1 Silver Hill .... — 01
Con New York. — 0? Syndicate — 04
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard —1 60
Exchequer — 03 Union Con 15 17
Gould & Curry. 21 22 Utah 06 07
Hale & Norcrs. 51 52 Yellow Jacket. 09 10
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Cyrus and Emily T. Walker to Sigrmund
Stern, lot on NE comer of Pacific and (Jctavia
Btreets. E 81:0%. N 127:8%. W 2:6%. N 3:10, W
1:3%. N 1:0%. W "7:2%, S 132:7^; $10.
Same to same, lot on NE corner of Pacific
and Octavia streets, E 81:0% by N 131:8!4 (quit
claim deed); $10.
Charles W. and Jennie Rosenbaum to same,
lot on N line of Pacific street, Sl:0% E of
Octavia, E 25:11V4 by N 132:7<4; $10.
Minna, Bertha, Frederick and Alwine Hart
mann, minors (by L. Wadham, guardian), to
Jacob Hartmann, lot on S line of Beach street,
137:6 Eof Baker. E 34:4' 2 l.y B 137:6; $550.
Nicholas T. Romaine to Benjamin Romaine,
lot on N line of Washington street, 70:10 E of
Walnut. E 33:4 by N 127:SV«; $10.
Benjamin Romaine to James T. Henry,
same; ?10.
Estate of Anton Reisner (by Adalbert Pauba,
executor) to Glacomo Delfino, lot commi'nclng
45:6 N of Broadway and 343:9 E of Stockton
BtrMt, N 21. E 45:8%, SE 27:4, W C 2:9. 50-vara
lot t". (Ix-lng lnt ol 247 d 3*J_, described as
lot on \V line of Dupont, 48:6 5? of Broadway,
N 21 by \Y i>h:9); $9000.
Carl nn,l Chriestieana Vorrath to Giacomo
Cuneo, lnt on S line of Bay street. 114:7 E of
Mason. E 22:11 by S 60; $10.
Elixa Burke to Thomas F., John C. and Cor
nelius .T. Rur^e and Mary E. Seyner (wife of
J. Seyner). lot on E line of Mason street, 115
S of Chestnut. S 22:6 by E 6S; gift.
I,outs Abrams to Ellen Sullivan, lot on W
line of rtah street, 37:6 S of Mariposa, S 25
by w 100; $10.
Thomas anri Rose Barnett to James Clayton
and Morris L.. Grossman, lot on E line of |
Eighth avenue, 100 S of C street, S 25 by E 120; i
$10.
Ann Mullee to J. S. Angus, T. G. Crothers
and W. S. Uoodfellow (executors of the estate
of James G. Falrj, lot on S line of Panta
Marina street, 25 E of Gladys, E 25 by S 100,
being lot 23, block 2, Fair's subdivision* of
Holly Park; $,r.O., r .O.
Alameda County.
E. R. and Emma G. Tuit to David and iflllle
M. Hyman. lots 11 and 12, block I. Linda Vista
Terrr.irp, may 2, Oakland; $10.
Ellen Scott to Annie Scott, lot on E line
Kirkham street, 210:2 north of West Eighth
street. N 31. E 116, S 31, W 115 to be
ginning. Mock 80, Oakland; gift.
Timothy P. and Jane A. Bradshaw to Joseph.
John and Mary Panella, lot on W line Filbert
street, 188:10% S of Itiiilroad avenue; S 25 by W
12:,. block 485, Oakland; pfl.
Robert Mulholland to Lucie F. Wenzell (wife
of William T.), NW corner Chestnut and
Thirty-fourth street, N 100 by W 112. being the
E 112 feet lot 12, block 652, Watts Tract, map
2, subject to a mortgage for $31."hj Oakland, $lv.
Mareella P. Raleigh to Charles Armstrong, lot
an S line Forty-fourth street, 2M W. Market,
W r.O by S 100, being lot 11. block 2097, Alden
Tract at Temescal. Oakland Annex; $10.
Annie M. Thomas to Edgar Durnan, lot A in
subdivision 36 Olen Echo Tract, beins a re
subdivision of lots 7, S and 9 of subdivision
36. Glen Echo Tract, mnp 3. Oakland Annex; $10.
Franklin and Cntharina White to C. G. Rey
nolds, lot on W line of Eighth street, 151:3 N
of Bancroft way, N 50 by W 135. being lot 13.
block 117, Tract R, Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association, Berkeley; $5.
O. L. Shafter Estate Company to Meyer E.
Jaffa, lot on N line of Haste street, lib E of
Bowdltrh. E 20 by N 60, block 8, College
Homestead, Berkeley; $10.
L. C. Morehouse to Kate French, lot on W
line of Mound street, 31:2 Vi N of Monroe, N
76:0',tj by W 104:6<4, block 84, quitclaim deed,
Alameda: $10.
Mary J. Ryer to George C. Stanton, land be
ginning at a point in center of line of Fruit
vale avenue, SW IP2 from NW corner of lands
of J. W. Wyman by deed of October 19, 1889,
said beginning point being SW 538.50 distant
from S line of Huff avenue, thence SE 2^s. <yi
NE 1S1:4. NW 20 50, SW 192, to beginning"
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Same to Alameda Land Company, lot on W
line of Lafayette street, 120 N of San Antonio
avenue. N 121. W 148. S 96, E 40, S 25, E 108 to
beginning, being portion of amended map of
Pa' lett Tract, Alt pi 4a. $10.
D. and C'elestnla Devincensi to Narcission
Rlggl, lot 3. block 2030. Rowland Tract, Oak
land, quitclaim deed; $*>.
G. and L. Rosse to same, same, Oakland- $10
Oscar and Eva Mansfeldt to William F #
Amlreus. lot on N line of Wallace avenue or
Forty-fifth street, 403.24 E of San Pablo. E 100
by N 151. 57. being lots 34 and 35. Coggeshall
Tract, E of San Pablo avenue, Oakland Town
shir.; $10.
Mountain View Cemetery' Association to
Henry Rogers, lot 3 in plat 31, Mountain View
Cemetery. Oakland Township: $127.
Mary J. Ryer to George C. Stanton. lot on
N line of Pacific avenue, 100 E of Oak street
E 250 by N 15. block 46. lands adjacent to En
cinal. Alameda: also lot on S line of Buena
Vista avenue, 200 E of Oak street, E 150 by S
145, block 46, same. Alameda; $10.
A. and Mary Bradford (by commissioner) to
M. C. Petersen, lot on S line of B street 150
NE from SE comer of B and Third streets
NE .'0 by SE 150. Haywards, Eden Township
s23oo.
Oscar Leuschner to A. G. Arlitt, beginning
at a point l.in from NE corner of Page and
Second streets. N 25 by E 133. being lot 29
block 32, Tract — , Berkeley L. and T. I As
sociation, Berkeley; J3OO.
BUILDERS 1 CONTRACTS.
William Bogen (owner) with J. J. Morehouse
(contractor), architects Havens & Toepke,
wood and wire lathing, plastering, cementing
and removing old piaster in basement, together
with necessary carpenter work, for alterations
to brick building on NW corner of Eddy and
Powell streets, W 150, N 75, E 75 S 10 E 75
S 6R; $1494.
Bateman Brothers (contractors) with West
ern Expanded Metal ami Fire-proofing Company
(sub-contractors), architects Shea & Shea, sus
pension floors for 2 municipal buildings, known
as the Hall of Justice and Morgue building
(Hall of Justice— SE corner of Washington and
K-arny street?. S 137:6. E 160, N 84. W 226 N
13:2. W 20:6. N S:S, W 47. N 34 :5. W 70); JlS.Cub.
At the Austrian court it is contrary to
custom for perishable articles to appear
twice on the imperial table. The result
is large perquisites for the attendants
To one man fall a.ll the uncorked bottleV
to another the wine left in the glasses to
another the joints and to another the
game or the sweets.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
April. 1898.
We Th.
Fr.
1
Moon's Phaser.
10
12 ; 1! !
ID 20
6
6 7
13 14
! 20 I 21
! 27 !^~
8
16
7T
2
it
10
23
j"aT
©full Moon.
— April 6.
/ft Last Quarter
*& April 13.
y^% New Moon,
Vi^ April 20.
j -*> First Quartor,
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
n * *| rs , nch f of , the rn ' l , ed sta *es Hydrographlc
Office, located the Merchants 1 Exchange, Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
ror comparison and reference, and th« latest
nformation can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian.
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the I nlted States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the time hal! Tas
dropped on time or giving the error. If any, is
published the fame day by the afternoon
papers and by the morning paptrs the follow
day. j. t. MCMILLAN.
Assistant in charge.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, IT. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, April
2S, IS9B.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day — i. c., at noon of the
12oth meridian, or exactly 8 p. m., Greenwich
time. j. T. MOMILLAN.
Assistant in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodettc Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The -igh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide i= the same at both places.
APiUI, - KW
Friday, April 28.
fun rl««»« 5:16
Sun sets « 59
Moon sets 1-17 a. m.
! n if ! Feet I Time| Feet I Time I Feet j lime ' Fe8 .
IH Wi . L Wi H Wi iL Wl
W. 4:4.V i.'Ji 11 : i:i
L W H W
50 0:50 2.8 8:19
I 1:41 2.4 7:o6
•I g;26 1.8 S:37
31 3:04 1.2 j »d&
4 3:4ti 0.-. 10:3.'
5 4:<1 —0.3 11:39
1.0' ;:15i
L W
3.S 12:42
3.8 1::JI
4.1 2:03
4.3 2 : 111
4.3 3:*J
4 3! 4:G'J
i>> '
H Wj
1.2 7:44 4.8
1.5 8:11 4.9
1.3 8:3.1 4.1
i.O «:08 5.4
2.' 9:40 5.8
. 2.5 10: is 5 8
NOTE— In the abnve exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrences as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the thinl tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heigh's
given are additions to the soundings on the
United Stntes Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtractive fr'>m
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the moan of .the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STK>MfcK.
Arcata
Homer
Gaelic
Empire _...
Cleveland
Ortzaoa .
Acamilco
Samoa
Nortn Fora.
Santa Rosa
State or Cai
Valencia
Crescent City..
UmatlJla
Mackinaw
Cooa Bay
Titanla
Oregon
Marlposa
Pomona
We«ott
Curacao
Coiumoia
Coos Bay
Humbolii. ...
China an l Japan
Coos Bay. .
Seattle
Humoolut
Panama
Humboldt
v in DO Id
ISanDlero „ ,
! Portiana
Alaska
I Crescent Cltv
| Victoria & Puret Sna ....
Tacoma
Newport
Nan aim o
Portland
Sydney
San Dleg-o
Humboldt
Mexico
i Portland
Apr la
ADr 23
Apr 29
Apr 80
Apr 80
Apr 30
Apr 30
Apr 30
May 1
May 1
May 1
May I
May 2
May 3
May 1
May I
May 3
May 1
May i
May 5
May 5
May 5
May T
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
SiTtAMEK. ! DESTINATION'!
Pails.
Chlikat....
ABlanc.nrd
Pomona....
Columbia..
City of Rio i
Weeott......
Arcata
Homer
Walla Wlla |
Orizaba.. .. j
State of Cal j
Sant.-i Uosa
Senator
Cleveland..!
Venus
Zeaiandla..
Nortn Pork
Coos Bar..
Valencia...
Oregon !
Ferndale Apr 29. 2 i"M|
Vaq ulna Bay. Apr 29. Mam
Pan Diesro... Apr 2j, 11 a»
|Portland lApr 30.10 am
jCninaA Japan' Apr 30. Ipm
jHumboidt. ... i Apr 30. Wax
ICoosßav ! Apr 30.10 am!
Humboldt . . 'May 1. 9 aw;
| Vie & Pjrt Snd 'May 1. 10 a m i
iHumbol'Ji .... :M.iy 2.10 am!
jPorUand May 3. lUa.mj
San Die:ro .... May 3. 11 vi |
Ptigret Sound . May 3, 11 ami
iPuget Sound.. May 3. 5 pm!
Cnina (feJapar May 3, 1 pm]
Honolulu ;May 4. 2 pm
HumbolUt ... May 4. 9am I
Newport May 5. 9am
Alaska May 5. 12 m
! l'ortlana May tt. iOaml
I Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 13
PM S3
Pier ll
| Pier it
Pier 11
Pier a
I Pier -i
Pier 1!
! Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 2
PM SS
I Pier 7
Pier I
Pier 5
I Pier 12
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
._ . __ -_-^-_^-_~
ARRIVED.
Thursday. April 28.
Stmr. Point Arena, Hansen, is hours from
Mendoclno and way ports.
Stmr. Gipsy, Ireland, 26 hours from Monterey
and way ports.
! Stmr Columbia, Goodall, 68% hours from Port
> land, via Astoria 39^ t hours.
Stmr Weeott, Miller, 56 hours from Crescent
! City, via Eureka 53 hours.
1 Ship Tacoma, Davis, 8 days from Seattle.
Bark Hesper, Sodergren, 54 days from Caleta
i Buena. . •; —
Bark Alex McNeil, Jorgensen, 12 days from
Seattle.
Brig W G Irwin, WU.tams, 21 days from
i Honolulu.
i Schr Enterprise, Ingwerson, 9 days frm Grays
Harbor.
| Schr Defender, Hellingsen, 6V4 days from
! Grays Harbor.
Schr Newark, Beck, 16 hours from Bon-ens
; Landing.
i Schr Nettie Sundborg, Johnson, 18 hours from
i Albion.
j Schr Alcalde, Weltkanat, 8 days from Willapa
I Harbor.
I Schr Parkersburg, Nelson, 7 days from Co
quille River. •
! Pchr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, 12 hours from
i Bihlers Point.
i Schr Novelty, Rosendal, 9 days from Grays
j Harbor.
Schr Jennie Stella, Krebs, 8 days from Gray*
Harbor.
Schr Uranus, Clow, 67 days from San Be
i nlto.
j Schr Orient, Sanders, 8 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Sacramento,- Forest, 8 days from Tllla
mook.
■i -.:.■;:._, CLEARED. .
Thursday, Aprs; 23.
Stmr Newport, Saunders, Panama; Pacific
Mail Steamship Co.
Stmr Humboldt, Bonifield. Seattle; J A Mage©
Jr.
Stmr Pomona, Debney, San Diego; Goodall,
j Perkins & Co.
Bark Alaska, Cogan, Kotzebue Sound and
whaling; B Cogan.
' Kus schr Bojrik, Fisher, Petropolovskl; Rus-
I sian Sealskin Co. . i*V-.
SAILED.
Thursday, April 28.
Stmr President. Nelson, Bristol Bay.
Stmr Hattie Gaee, Rasmussen, Alitak.
Stmr Newport, Saunders. Panama.
Stmr Humboldt, Bonifleld, Seattle.
Ship Lucile, Anderson, Seattle.
Br ship Powys Castle, Thomas, London.
Haw bark Santiago, Johnson, Hilo.
Bktn Planter, Dow, Honolulu.
Schr Olga, Ipsen, Kahului.
Schr Ida McKay, Johnson, Grays Harbor.
Schr American Girl, Johnson, Bristol Bay.
Schr Corinthian. Korth.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 28.— 10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, NW; velocity. 30 miles.
CHARTERS.
The City of Delhi loads salmon on the Frazer
River for England; Undaunted, lumber on the
Sound for Sydney, 40s. ; - XT
SPOKEN.
March 3— Lat 32 S, long 28 W, Br bark Dacca,
from Oregon, for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The schr Enterprise was brought down by
the mate. Captain Ingwerson is very sick and
not expected to live more than three or four
hours.
MEMORANDUM.
Per bark Hesper— On April 21— S. Anderson,
the cook, went crazy and jumped overboard.
The bark was hove to and the cook rescued.
He has since been confined to his room.
Per Uranus — Captain M P Anderson, master
of the schr Uranus, died on April 22 from un
known causes and was burled at sea. He was
a native of Sweeden, 43 years old.
Per Weeott— On April 27 at 5 a. m. 22 miles
S of Point Arena our machinery became dis
abled and come down under sail. On April
27 at 7 p. m. had a heavy NNW gale, during
which time carried away deck lashings and
lost deck load of lumber. Was taken in tow
1 by the tug Sea King off Duxbury Reef and
towed into "port.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEWPORT— April 28— Stmr Huenems
from Eureka.
REDONDO— SaiIed April 28— Schr Serena
Thuyer, for Eureka.
TATOOSH— Passed April 2S— Br ship Claver
don. from Seattle, for Queenstown. ■«-,;;"
OL.YMPlA— Arrived April 28— Bark Vldette,
: hence April 7. . • ' , _
Sailed April 2S— Schr Joseph Russ, for San
Frfl-ficisco
MENDOCINO— SaiIed April 28— Stmrs Point
Arena and Cleone. for San Francisco.
TACOMA — Arrived April 2S— Bark Colorado,
f ™anedf r A n ru' 28-Stmr ' Mackinaw, for San
April Yukon stmr Minneapolis.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived April 28— Schr Laura
MM E l ; RE e KA - P Arrived April 27-Stmr Samoa.
h s n EATTLE-Sailed April 2S-Br ship Claver
*gßATrLß"~Sailed April 28-Stmr Scotia for
TiWmook Hay and San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived April 2S-Schr En
deavor from Port Townsend.
EUREKA— SaiIed April 28— Schr Bertie Minor
°EUREKA-Arrived April 28-Stmr North
TPnrk hence April 26.
COOS BAY— Arrived April 23— Stmr Empire,
h TACoSA— April 27— Sch Jennie Wand
he VENTrnA- c - I'd April 28 — Schr Ida
«;chnauer. for Fort Bragg.
SAN PEDRO— April 28— Schr Sparrow,
p. AN DON— Arrived April 26— Schr Confianza,
hence A PEDRO— Arrived April 25— Bark North-
SAN PEDRO— Arrived April 25— Bark North
west, from Olympia.
FOREIGN' PORTS.
TAKU— Arlved April 2S— Bktn Newsboy, fm
Chemainus.
COLON— Arrived April 2&— Stmr AUlanca, fm
New York.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed April 27— Br ship
Carradale, for St. Nazaire. :
LIVERPOOL— Arrived April 28— Ship Shen
andoah, hence April 5. v.
KINS ALE— April 2S— Br ship Brenda,
hence Dec 2. for Queenstown: Br ship Cro
martyshire, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
FALMOUTH— Arrived April 28— Fr bark
Jeanne d' Arc, hence Jan 7; Br ship Mashona,
from Oregon and proceeded for Havre: Br ship
Ochertyre, from Oregon; Br ship Province, frm
Oregon.
HI AYMAS— April 27— Curacao, for San
Francisco.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Sailed April 2*— Stmr Rotter
dam, from Rotterdam; stmr Fuerst Bismarck,
fn>m Hamburg; stmr Koonipen Liiise, from
Bremen; Ftmr Neustria. from Marseilles.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed April 28— Stmr Bel
genlan.l, for Philadelphia.
BALTIMORE— Arrived April 28— Stmr Dre«
d«>n. from liremen.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed April 27— Stmr Corinthia
for Boston.
QVEENSTOWN— SaiIed April 2S— Stm Britan
nic, for Boston.
BROW JU-:aL»— Passed April 29, 4:25 a. m.—
Stmr Campania, from New York, for Liverpool.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
EBELL LADIES
TAKEN TO TASK
Mrs. Swift's Lecture the
Only Topic Dis
cussed.
The Four Hundred Object to
Criticism, but Will
Not Reply.
University Scored While Three of
the Professors' Wives
Listened.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 28.
"Ladies from this side of the bay will
attend the concerts of Melba, minstrel
Bhows and pantomimes, but they do not
srh"\v any interest in a Woman's Con
gress, which, though perhaps not of such
a hiK as Melba, is certainly supe
a minstrel show or pantomime."
In I . did Mrs. John F. Swift of
Ban Francisco, one of the most prominent
fic'tiv> women in this State, speak to
ladles of the Bbell Society at their
.. luncheon given last Tusday
Since the delivery of Mrs. Swift's speech
the Ebeil's four hundred have talked of
■ Ise. They do not think they de
much tliat was said to them, but
they consider that as Mrs. Swift was
their p\:> st they have no right to criticize
. although scores of la
dies have expressed themselves very pro
nouncedly on the matter not one would
talk until given assurance that her iden
tity v%> uld I c k
The main purpose of Mrs. Swift's visit
C this city in
which convenes
be was invited tc
s. Swift launched forth into ai;
expression Of her opinion regarding the
■ ia kland ladies toward
the congress. Her words were not con
fined I. but a very denunciators
reference was made to the university.
; that Stanford is run by a
won It was natural
gnized .it that
tnsti this Stanford pro
prominently on the pro
; the congress. The I'niver
i C California shows no sympathy
with women's work, and not one of hei
a lias been asked to speak. Or
ion. said Mrs. Swift, a U. C,
. was ;;sked to adaress the con
£Tf-j-.~. and as the time approached he
courteously informed the directors thai
unless he could have one whole day in
preferred i."t t.i speak. As bright, intel
ligent women were cut off with from twe
mutes this I if the pro
and i t< rKi ley has since
It appeared from the statement of Mrs
Swift tna< . deficit every jear a!
inclusion of the congress, an.; th<
lady directors have to make it good, li
<-ak i only take i membershlj
of a few hundred it; I 'ess and paj
a dollar apiece, the deficit would not ex
ist, and the congn bs wouid he more sue
i ther things in a sijn
liar strain said the guest. As. Mrs. Swifi
is president of the State Suffrage Asso'
elation and was formerly president of the
Century Club, her standing is such thai
her words carry weight.
Now the ladies of Oakland do not be
lieve thi any such criticism
They declare that with their Ebel! Soci
ety and the Starr King Fraternity, two
very flourishing institutions, there
any particular need for a Woman's Con-
They say conditions have chan^ped
in the last five years since the con i
was inaugurated, but in spite of all they
assert that their interest in the congress
• as ever, although they do not
ccc why they should be called on to be
come paying members in order to show
their Interest They feel particularly
hurt at the references to the university
innri> so from the fact that the wi
three professors — Mesdames Bernarc
Moses, Jaffa and Slate— were guests a 1
the luncheon. Of course Mrs. Swift die
not know that any professors' wives were
"ith<^r did she know that mhei
■ sent from Elmira, N. Y.
!•. Dorchester, San Fran
and Berkeley. It is a custom of th«
It the members to bring
any guests with them that they pleas."
and t.'iis accounts for the extensive at
tendance at last Tuesdays luncheon. It
will be many weeks before the Ebell ha«
;;. Its mind na to how much of Mrs
Swift's criticisms was just and how mucr
unjust.
"HOLD UP YOUR MITTS."
Command That Greetsd F. C. Chap-
man at an Early Hour Yester
day Morning.
OAKLAND, April 28.— While on his way
at an early hour this morning F. ('.
■ ■■■:■•! by one of two
I with the command "Hold up your
Ho replied "Oh, go on." thinking
it to be sume one fooling with him. With
Irish of a revolver in his fac« the
man replied "Hold ttiem up there and be-
quick about it." He complied with
the other man took $10 out
pocket, throwing the rest of his be
i tba Bidewalk.
r getting the money the men told
.nan to stand still a minute before
.g home. They then moved off
across the Clinton plaza, while Mr. Chap
man began picking up his belongings. He
then went home, and when he came down
town after a late breakfast notified Chief
Fletcher. He gave a good description pf
the footpads.
WATER FRONT ATTACHED.
Suit on a Note Involving One of the
Claimants.
OAKLAND, April 2S.— A writ of at
tachment was levied to-day against the
entire possessions of the Oakland Water
Front Company to secure the payment
of a note against S. G. Cook and Charles
H. Maxoy. and now held by J. A. Arm
strong of this city, who brings the suit.
Cook and Maxey are residents of Mm.
i. and some years ago Cook figured
in one of the many suits to quiet title to
the water front, having acquired a section
of land from the Water Front Company.
was issued it has passed
through many hands, and Armstrong,
collect, lias discovered that
claims Home interest in a Bec
tion of the water front, and the whole of
the pi as therefore been attached
as a precautionary measure.
Not Professional Courtesy.
OAKLAND, April 2S— Judge Greene will
■i hi to officially lay down a rule
°l •''■' lettc regarding the
i y one physician when
he treats another or another's family.
point involved in a $5000 suit
now : tween Dr K. M. Paterson
afalnet Dr M. E. Harrington and wife
"'. - N la for services consisting
consultations, operations
unii v atments accorded the wife
request and his promise
1 ' ' ■•'■■ ' '••■ '■ nor deny the
services, I that they are not
worth more than %:m, and says that they
than one physician would
r another out of professional cour
l' v' V 'ht * !egal battlu is boln S
Theological Students Graduate.
OAKLAND. April 2S._The commence
• is.-so!s o! the Pacific Theological
fcfctnir.ary, the Congregational divinity
school of this coast, took place this af
ternoon at 3 o'clock. The graduates de
livered these, after which Prof H F
Foster of the seminary delivered an" ad
dress. Rev. J. K. McLean, the president
of the institution, presented the new min
isterial brethren with thoir diplomas
They are: Messrs. George Ernest Atkin
son, Arthur Cope Dodd, Robert Scott
Ingles, Edward Holmes March, George
Franklin Mfithes and Francis William
Reid and Miss Campbell. This evening a
reception was tendered the class at the
residence of Mr. and Mrs. F. M. Smith
The annual alumni meeting was held yes
terday afternoon at 4 o'clock.
HALF A MILLION
FOR EACH HEIR
Frederick Delger Had His
Will Read Before
Death.
All His Vast Fortune Came to
Him Alter He Was
Married.
Much Anxiety Is Shown to Relieve
His Widow of Business
Cares.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, April 28.
Before Frederick Delger died, and when
he realized that the end was not far off,
he sent for his children, and after tell
ing them how he had provided for them,
he ordered his attorney, Victor Metcalf,
to read to them their father's will. There
is no distinction made between any of the
heirs, and the instrument will be filed for
probate In a few days.
After referring to his funeral arrange
ments, the decedent declared that all the
property which he possessed was com
munity property, having all been acquired
subsequent to his marriage. Four years
ago he conveyed to his wife and to his
four children. Matilda Brown, Lily Trow
i bridge, Annie Moller and Edward F.
| Delger, vast blocks of real estate, the de
j scriptions of which are set forth In de
i tail. The residue of the estate Is to be
divided share and share alike between
the children. The following provision is
! made regarding the will:
••Tenth— My boloved wife, Ernestine
Delger, having- been an invalid for a num
• her of years, and not desiring to have
her annoyed with business cares, I, for
that reason, do not appoint her executrix
of this, my last will, but do hereby ap
point my daughter, Matilda Brown, and
my son. Edward Frederick Delger, the
executrix and executor of this, my last
will and testament, to serve without
bonds. And I do hereby authorize and
empower my said executrix and exeeu
! tor to sell all or any portion of my ■
either real or personal, without first ob
taining the order of any court so to do.
My said executrix and executor shall each
receive as compensation for their services
; as such executrix and executor the sum
; of $1000, the same to be in lieu of all
1 fees and commissions allowed by law to
executors."
Attorneys Victor and George Metcfllr.
and H. A. Powell are the attorneys for
the estate, which is estimated to be worth
$2,000,000.
STUDENT SOLDIERS
PASS IN REVIEW
Annual Military Field Day on
the University of Cali
fornia Campus.
Company G, V. H. Craig Cpptain,
Carries Off Honors in the
Competition.
BERKELEY, April 2S.— The annual in
spection and review of the cadet bat
talions of the university took place to
day. Thousands of spectators thronged
the campus to witness the evolutions of
the student soldiers. Colonel Donlcke and
General Houghton of the board of re
gents were among the most interested on
lookers, and the latter declared the re
view was the finest he had ever witnessed.
Major Edward Field, acting inspector
general, L*. S. A., inspected the cadet
companies, and with President Martin
Kellogg reviewed the battalions. Captain
George Fillmer and Lieutenant A. Nip
pert of the First Infantry, N. G. C. were
judges of the competitive drill between
the companies. The rivalry for first place
in the competition and the honor of bear
ing the university colors was a spirited
one. The contest narrowed down to Com
panies D and G. commanded by Captains
Peart and Craig respectively. Tho two
were so evenly matched that it took the
iudges quite a while to decide. They
awarded the honors to Captain Craig's
company. , . .
The members of Company G, which
carried off the honors of the day. were:
Captain. V. H. Craig: first lieutenant, W.
Gibbons; second liei'.enant, W. T.
Mooney; first sergeant, J. V. Conklin;
sergeants, R. C. Daniels and F. M. Simp
son- corporals— Kuster. Garrison, Tripler,
Southack, C. Miller. Wourlsum. Williams
and Phelps; private?— Black, Benty,
Burd Boke, Bradley. Burr, Burkhaltor,
Baird Cross, Chamberlain. Davis. De
Truenella, Evans. Fay, Good, Hazard,
Hicks, Hyde. Judell. Knowles, Masters,
Morris. McKinley, Moore. Nichols, Per
rin. Robertson, Rockhold, Southard,
Sainmet, St^phonson, Whipple.
The regimental, battalion and company
officers in charge of the various organiza
tions reviewed were as follows:
Major, Melville Dozier Jr.: adjutant, E.
W. Stadtmuller; sergeants-major, T. W.
McPherson and R. Fryer.
Band— First lieutenant and leader. A.
B. Anderson: drum-major, H. W. Squires.
Bugle corps— Captain. L. T. Wagner;
second lieutenant. J. J. Kline.
Artillery detachment— Captain, F. S.
Knight.
Company A— Captain, C. Wlgmore;
first lieutenant, T. F. Eastman; second
lieutenant. K. W. Bender.
i Company B— Captain, J. W. Millar; first
lieutenant, W. a. Jlackley; second lieu
: tenant, I. C. All«-n.
Company C— Captain, S. V. West; first
: lieutenant, B. Bakewell; second lieuten
| ant, E. C. Denicke.
Company D— Captain, H. F. Peart; first
lieutenant, F. T. Mumma; second lieuten
. ant, H. J. Friedlandcr.
Company E— Captain, A. L. Giacomini;
first lieutenant. H. B. Budd; second lieu
tenant. William !■:<!• .
Company F— Captain. A. N. George;
first lieutenant, I). Band; second lieuten
ant, S. Sargentich.
Company G— Captain. V. H. Craig; first
lieutenant, W. Gibbons; second lieuten
ant, \V. T. Mooney.
Company U— Captain P. R Thayer;
second lieutenant. 1.. S. Schmitt.
A Painful Accident.
BERKELEY. April 28.-A very painful
and dangerous accident happened yester
day morning: to Miss Laura Holtum, !
daughter of k. Holtum of Baa Francisco:
and Berkeley. The young girl had
Climbed a lumber pile in the neighborhood '
Of their residence and by som • unavoid
able accident fell from the top iv me
railway- track beneath, a distance of 25
feet. UTS. Eastman and Woolsey who
are in attendance, cannot yet decide what
the result of the accident may be.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, April 2K.— Sunerintendent
i of Schools J. A. Foshay of Los Angeles
I was a visitor at the State University this
! morning.
Professor T. P. Bailey of the depart
ment of pedagogy of the university will
visit the Nevada County Teachers' In
stitute, which convenes %t Truckee next
Monday. Secretary Davis and Professors
Syle and Kdwards will uttend the Marin
County Institute, which will be in ses
sion at San Rafael next week.
Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst will entertain the
; members of the faculty next Saturday
! at a garden party at her country resi
• dence. Hacienda del Pozo de Verona, near
Pleasanton.
Bead "The Story of the Rise of the
Christian Scientists" in next Sun
day's Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 29, 1898.
AGRICULTURAL
EXPERTS NEEDED
More Room for Them
Than Lawyers and
Physicians.
Professor Hilgard of Berkeley
on Agricultural Edu
cation.
Deplores the "Snobbishness Which
Looks Down Upon the Farm
er's Pursuit."
BERKELEY, April 28. -Professor E. "W.
Hilgard. head of the agricultural depart
ment of the university, has made an in- |
teresting study of the problem why so
few college students are preparing them
selves for agricultural pursuits. His con
clusions are set forth in the recently pub
lished report of the department for the
past two years. He deplores the "snob
bishness" which looks down upon agricul
ture as a vocation of inferior degree, and
declares that it is only by elevating the
farmer's pursuit to a higher plane, bom
Intellectually and (by the aid of such as
sociations as the Grange and Farmers' j
clubs) socially, that this can be overcome.
Professor Hilgard's comments are in
part as follows:
It is truly remarkable that in republican
America prejudice should be allowed a foot
hold which even in monarchical Germany dare
not show its face. The strong and influential
representation of the agricultural element In
the German Reichstag stands in marked con
trast to the manner in which the farmers' In
terests are made to take a "back seat" In our
legislative assemblies; not so much because
uiMitrs are not there, but rather because for
lack of training they cannot make themselves
felt as against their well-equipped fellow-mem
bers of the politico-legal profession. It Is only
by correspondingly thorough training, connect
ed with their own pursuit, that this state of
things can be remedied.
We have been told that farmers do not send
their sons because they fear they will be "edu
iaie.l away trom the farm. ..lit .t- a :;: r
of fact a very large proportion of our univer
sity students are farmers' sons, as already
shown; and they are sent by their parents
to other departments, literary, scientific and
i th. r professional courses, giving their own
profession the go-by. It is the old story of
the tendency of the rural population toward the
cities, where more fun and (supposedly) less
work can be had than on the farm. That is
the problem all over the world, In Europe as
well as here.
too long as our soils continue to produce re
: munerative crops, or remain productive, with
: out imperative need of fertilization, rotation.
! etc., and new lands remain to be occupied, the
attendance at our colleges of farmers' sons
intending to return to the farm will be com
paratively slight; but as soon as the shoe be
gins to pinch, and intelligent and frugal hus
bandry becomes a necessity, our agricultural
colleges and schools will receive a corre
spondingly increased attendance. The begin
ning in such a movement is already seen in
I the attendance, as special students, of those
I often ot mature age, who intend to engage In
I agricultural branches requiring professional
Information, training for observation and edu
cated judgment. It Is the relatively slight de
i riarvi for agricultural experts in this country
j that keeps down the number of full-course
graduates to a few persons annually. Yet even
now in certain cases the demand exceeds the
supply, for the several agricultural experi
ment stations and colleges in the United States.
; as well as the Agricultural Department at
I Washington, are frequently unable to find the
right man for a place it is desired to fill.
There certainly Is much more room for agri
cultural experts at this time than there is for
more lawyers and physicians, for in the ab
sence of a sufficient number of trained ex
perts it has become necessary to fill many
! plaies with narrowly educated specialists, in
; stead of men with broad education.
j In California the fact that Investments in
i orchards and vineyards arc permanent for a
■ number <">f years and bring about a one-sided
■ wear of the soil makes it necessary to work
: on rational linos sooner than is mostly done
elsewhere. Horticulture requires In an ernt
■ nent degree the use of knowledge and brains
and it is from horticulturists that most of our
students now come. Besides, the large area of
', the State and its indefinitely varied climates
and soil call for the exercise of an unusual
degree of Judgment and brains, the more so as
In a large number of cases there is no prece
dent to go upon. It would therefore eeem
especially nepdful that our young men intend
ing to be farmers should be trained to use all
the resources that agricultural science places
at their command, to save themselves from
1 costly mistakes In their practice.
AN EXAMPLE BY BOYS.
A Church Brigade's Besolution to Be
Put Into Effect.
OAKLAND, April 2S.— The Boys' Brig
ade of the Eighth avenue M. E. Church,
which passed patriotic resolutions last
Saturday night, is intending, if possible,
to carry out in practice the spirit of its
resolve.
It would like to organize a corps and
offer it for service to Governor on
behalf of the State. The first to enlist is
Corporal Frank Bush, who some years
ago saw the national colors on Broadway
on a general holiday, and as there was an
advertisement on the flag he asserted
what he considered to be his authority
and cut the flag down.
This company enjoys the distinction of
being connected with the church which
fiies the stars and stripes from its high
est peak, and it believes that in this re
spect its church enjoys a unique distinc
tion in California. The commander of
the company, L. N. Cobbledick. who has
served many years in the National Guard
as an officer, is now considering the feasi
bility of organizing a company of his
former coys, who are now young men
and offering it to the President. '
Attached the Water Front Property.
OAKLAND April 25.-J. I. Armstrong
to-day caused writs of attachment to be
levied on the real estate held by the
Oakland Water Front Company to secure
the payment of a note of JSS7G. This was
made by S. G. Cook and Charles H
Maxey, on August 2.- 1595, to the Bank of
Minneapolis. This note was transferred
to O. A. Lane, of this city. In March
1896, with $250 paid on It. He In turn
passed It to >Armstrong, who now seeks
to recover the amount. Cook is a heavy
owner in the Water Front Company and
other realty in this city, where he for
merly resided. He is now in Minneapolis
where he owns one of the largest and
finest business blocks.
North Oakland Morning Blaze.
OAKLAND. April 2S.— A disastrous firo
occurred early this morning on Elizabeth
Etrret, at the intersection of San Pablo
avenue, North Oakland. Three cottages
burned to the ground despite the woTk of
the Fire Department. Over 2000 feet of
hose was used to get a stream of water
on the burning building. Mrs. J. Powers,
in whose home the fire originated, was
awakentd by her baby strangling with
the smoke. She grabbed the < hild and
made her way out of the burning build
ing to a neighbors, losing everything she
possessed. The other two houses were
empty. No cause is known for the fire.
Sued by a Chinaman.
OAKLAND. April 28.— The Sunset Tele
phone and Telegraph Company has been
sued by Chin Orr. a Chinaman, for $3000
damageh. He alleges for a cause of ac
tion that the defendant negligently left a
wire suspended on the last day of Janu
ary, in Emeryville, within four feet of the
ground. Being unwarned of the presence
of the wire and while traversing a street
In the course of his business he came in
contact with the wire and was injured
to the extent of the sum named.
Are Aliens and Minors.
OAKLAND, April 28.— William Wallace
Norris, trustee, tiled his answer to the
complaint of the executor of the estate
of Henry Curry et al. to-night. He
specifically denies all of the charges, and
asserts that excluding himseif the plain
tiffs and defendants are all minors, who
have no guardians, are aliens, or both
hence the court can have no jurisdiction.
Considerable property is at stake In this
case.
Heron Elected President.
OAKLAND, April 28.— The newly elected
directors of the Board of Trade met this
morning and elected officers. E. A. Heron
was chosen president, A. H. Breed vice
president, Craigie Sharp secretary (re
elected), Frank K. Mott treasurer and
Lyman Bridges consulting engineer. The
secretary was chosen delegate to the
State Board of Trade.
MAYOR PHELAN
MUST ELECT
Auditor Broderick Hasan
Awakening of His
Conscience.
He May Refuse to Approve Any
Warrants of Deputy County
Clerks.
Claims the Mayor Allowed Seven
Questionable Demands to Be
Paid Last Month.
Auditor Broderick's conscience has
been troubling him during the past
month. As the result of these moral
twitchings, all the warrants of the
County Clerk's deputies may be "held
up" until the decision of the Supreme
Court is rendered in the case brought
by the Mayor to enjoin the Auditor
from signing rr.ore than a certain num
ber of these demands.
According to Mayor Phelan's conten
tion the dct of April 2, 1880, under
which County Clerk Curry appointed
the eighty-four deputies now employed
in his office, is unconstitutional, and
under the pre-existing law the County
Cjerk could appoint only thirty-two
deputies.
In the suit brought by the Mayor he
asked to have the Auditor enjoined
from signing the demands of forty-five
deputies. This left thirty-nine to be
approved by the Auditor, and the
names of all these were selected by
the Mayor. In the Superior Court the
case was decided against the Mayor,
who took an appeal to the Supreme
Court.
Auditor Broderick duly approved the
thirty-nine demands last month, but
none of the others, as he intends to
await the decision of the Supreme
Court.
To-morrow there Will be presented to
him another batch of eighty-four de
mands for the County Clerk's deputies.
Thinking over the matter during the
past few days the Auditor thinks that
the Mayor was wrong in allowing
thirty-nine demands to be paid, when
the law, which his Honor claims is In
force, allows the County Clerk only
thirty-two deputies. For this reason
he has asked the Mayor to designate
the thirty-two demands that are to be
approved by the Auditor this month.
Up tn the present time the Mayor has
declined to draw his pencil through
seven of those he singled out for his
kind consideration last month.
Auditor Broderick stated yesterday
that unless the Mayor selected the
thirty-two who were to have their de
mands paid this month he might feel
compelled to withhold his approval
from all of the eighty-four. He added
that if he had his choice he would elect
to pay only the men who are married
and have families.
A conference is to be held to-morrow
between the Mayor, the County Clerk
and the Auditor to see if some satis
factory solution of the matter cannot
be secured.
County Clerk Curry stated yesterday
that it would make no difference with
the working 1 force in his office whether
they got their pay or not at this tim*.
At the time the question was first
brought up by the Mayor he informed
all his deputies that their salaries
might be withheld for some time and
possibly not paid at all, and said he
was ready to receive the resignations
of any who did not want to take
chances in the matter. No resigna
tions were tendered, and none are like
ly to be now, so the operation of thfi
courts will not be interfered with, even
if none of the demands are approved.
Miss Clark's Recital.
OAKLAND, April 28.— Miss Bertha M.
IN THE LORD'S SERVICE.
A Much Traveled Evangelist Whose Work Has
Called Her to Many Climes,
MRS, AMANDA SMITH,
The well-known traveling evangelist, Mrs. Amanda Smith, arrived in
this city Wedne&day from Portland, Or., where she has been engaged in
holding revival meetings in several of the most prominent Methodist
churches of that city.
Amanda Smith is of pure African blood, although born and raised in
this country, and is one of the most progressive and successful women of
her race. She lias by her own exertion recently bought and paid for an
orphans' home in Chicago at a cost to her of $10,000.
After traveling through Africa and England, from which she has but
recently returned, her evangelistic work was resumed in this country.
In 1890 Mrs. Smith wrote and had published an autobiography, "The
Story of the Lord's Dealings With Amanda Smith," together with an in
troduction by Bishop Thoburn of India.
Mrs. Smith will preach at Bethel African M. E. Church. Powell street,
near Jackson, to-night, and will Jeavn on Friday morning to fill important
engagements in other parts of the State.
Clark, the accomplished elocutionist, will
give a dramatic recital Friday evening
at Chapman's Hall. Besides a varied
programme she will present a monologue
with calcium lights.
Lutheran League Organized.
ALAMEDA, April 2S.— A society called
the Lutheran League has been organized
among the young people of the German
Lutheran Church at the West End. Its
officers are: Rev. Dr. Brandes. president;
Miss 'Dorothea Frodden, vice president;
Miss Lene. secretary; Fred Schulte.
treasurer; Miss Oehlmann, librarian. The
society will meet once a week for the
discussion of historical and religious mat
ters. It will hold a special prayer meet
ing on Sunday next for the army and
navy. One of the objects of the organi
zation is the inculcation of principles of
patriotism in the minds of the young peo
ple.
Company G.
ALAMEDA, April 28.— Company G of |
this city held its regular weekly drill this j
evening. The affair took place on Park j
street and attracted a large number of j
citizens who are interested in the organl- |
zation. The men who have signed the roll
as volunteers were also present and were
addressed by Captain Simpson upon the
nature of their duties. If this company i
should be called out it will be able to
send 100 unmarried men to the front and
still leave a goodly number of married
members as home guards.
The Bed Cross.
ALAMEDA, April 28.— Next Monday
night a meeting will be held at the resi
dence of Mrs. G. H. Mastick of this city
for the purpose of organizing a Red Cross
Society. It is the intention of the pro
moters of the Alameda branch to co
operate with the others about the bay for
the purpose of providing for the men who
volunteer to go to the front In defense o*
their country.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, April 28.— Charles Day, an
other of the Alamedans who were swin
dled by Grider, has returned from the far
north, whither he went on a wild goose
chase. He says that the chances of suc
cess In Alaska do not counterbalance the
hardship and danger.
James Vollmar, formerly superintendent
of the German Hospital In San Francisco,
who died there yesterday, was an old
resident of this city, living at 875 Cedar
street. He leaves a widow, three sons :
and three daughters.
The West End Bazaar Baseball Club ;
has joined the new California Amateur
Baseball League under {he name of the
Alameda Alerts. ,
Mrs. Caroline A. Heuer, widow of the
late Alexander Heuer, died this morning
at her residence, 2260 Alameda avenue, af
ter a brief illness. She was 3G years of i
age and had lived here seven years. She
will be buried by the Rebekah Lodge.
The concert of Unity Circle, which is to
take place on the evening of May 4, is ex
pected to be a musical event or great in
terest.
"How to Succeed as a Journalist,"
by one of the greatest newspapermen j
in the country; in next Sunday's
CalL
The Henry-Whitney Nuptials.
OAKLAND, April 28.— Miss Mary Whit
ney, a daughter of the late Senator
George E. Whitney, was united in mar
riage last night to Walter H. Henry, the
son of A. (J. Henry, at the St. Paul's
Episcopal Church. Rev. Robert Ritchie,
the rector, officiated, and Miss Ethel
Whitney served as maid of honor. The
bridesmaids were Miss Louise Summers
and Miss Lillian Downey. The groom was
attended by George Faulkes and E. C.
Hill, O. McMurray, Charles Field and
Thomas Pheby were ushers. The bridal
party and a few intimate friends repaired
to the Whitney residence and partook of a !
wedding supper. Later In the evening
Mr. and Mrs. Henry departed on ' a ten
days' wedding tour, after which they will
reside at Tesla, where the groom is en
gaged in the coal business.
Grand Jury at the Hospital.
OAKLAND, April 2S.— members of
the Grand: Jury -went out to the County
Infirmary this morning on an official tour
of inspection. The buildings, grounds and
management were thoroughly looked into.
The inmates were found in good condition
and contented.
' Small Delinquent Tax List.
OAKLAND, April Only $15,346 23 in
taxes became delinquent to the city on
the 25th Inst., and the officials are ac
cordingly jubilant. Of this $5384 61 is In
the original limits; $189 S7 In the : first
annex and $6807 85 in the last annex. This
is considered a remarkable showng by the
tax collector. • '-
_ —~*~ _;
Company G Dissatisfied.
ALAMEDA, April 26.— The announce
ment of the probability that new officers
will be appointed by Governor Budd to
command the volunteers Is not relished I
by the majority of the members of Com- j
pany G in this city. The idea among j
thorn has been that the company would i
offer its services in a body, with the ex- '
pectation that they would preserve their
organisation as members of the National !
Guard, though going into the national
service, and would carry their officers
with them. The men have every- confi
dence in their present commanders and
do not relish any change, such as is pro
posed.
Other companies which have been
heard from are of the same opinion, and
it appears altogether likely that unless
some assurance is given that the present
officers will be retained there will be no
such wholesale volunteering as had been
expected by the men themselves.
In Windsor Castle there is a carpet 40
feet in breadth, and it contains 58.840.000
stitches. The weaving of it occupied
twenty-eight men fourteen months.
/f^fefe Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A>*><F j||<)2i)Ki:AKXYST. Established
rajf*Jf*ja^tn 1534 for the treatment of I'rivnts
§Dr.JGil)bon's Dispensary,
625kEAB\YST. Established
In 1554 for the treatment of t'rtvats
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
&*lrf£§«*t«s?3 disease wearing on body and mind and
*?Sw*&ira ski " Diseases. Thedociorciiresivhen
*SP™SS«s9«f otlieisfall. Try him. Charges low '■
iTlttUßS&'E*^ C'nre«{iuarsinlo«-;l. Cull or writ
Dr. .1. *'. <■(!> SON. Box 1857. 5 an Frar.ctsca j
OCEAN TRAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
iP^w SEATTLE
mzSk AN ° TACOMA
DIRECT.
The New, Elegant, Fast Steel Steamship
"SENATOR."
Carrying Freight and Passengers Will Leave
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, Tuesday,
May 3, 11 a. m. Ticket office, 4 New Mont-
gomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
General Agents, IP Market St.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
fcw^ Steamers leave Broadway
Wy^. wharf, San Francisco:
WDyWpW For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.. '
B6&*K3^is!% April 1. 6. 11, 16, 21. 26, May 1.
RK E*JfV|ra transfer at Seattle.
W^Swl^Bl For Alaskan ports (from
flßflßfcWsC^at Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
r^^Kl April 27, May 18, June 5, 20,
■ July 17, transfer at Portland,
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New' Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m., April 1, 6,
11 16 21 26 May 1, and every fifth day there-
after,' connecting at Seattle with this com«
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at
Tacoma with N. P. Ky.. at Vancouver with
C P Ry
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m.,
April 2, 8, 14, 20, 26, May 2, and every sixth
day thereafter. ■
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gaviota,' Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. April 3. 7, 11, 15. 13. 23. 27,
May 1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
am.. April 1, 5. 9, 13, 17. 21, 25, 29, May 3, and
every fourth day thereafter. '■■■
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazallan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., May 12,
and 2d of each month thereafter. :
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, Bailing dates
and bourn of calling.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts..
: 10 Market street, San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC $12 First Class Including Berth j
rHiIL $8 Second Class and Meals.
-v".^ SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Oregon April 18, 27
Columbia •' April -.'l, JO
State of California April 24. May 3
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. . Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to ;
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market at. .
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
TO ENGLAND, ANTWERP, AND THE CON-
TINENT.
RED STAR LINE,
NEW YORK. PHILADELPHIA. SOUTH- '
' AMPTON, ANTWERP.
AMERICAN LINE
(Philadelphia-Liverpool Sen-ice.)
PHILADELPHIA. QUEENSTOWN. LIVER- \
I POOL. Under BELGIAN and BRITISH
j FLAGS.
EMPIRE LINE.
FOR ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
Steamers Ohio. Pennsylvania, Illinois, Ind!-
ana, 340? tons, Conemauph. lilOQ tons (formerly ;
In the trans-Atlantic service of the American :
line).
Appointed sailings from Seattle.
S. S. Ohio. June 15, 8. S. Indiana, June 22. I
B. P. Pennsylvania. June 29. for St. Michael. !
connecting with company's B?rt of new and |
modern steamers and barges on the Yukon '
\ River, through to Pawson City and interme-
■ <3tate points. For passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of Its Agencies.
faiEPaniMsgfl s - s - ZEALANDIA.
: riß:ifi¥ilC for HONOLULU only.
| f K na ■"* Wednesday, May 4. 2
a■■ "'J^*!*i ' ' p. m. Special party
rs,^>^ I • ->" rates. .'■■■.
SlMfn^hinc) The S. S. MARIPOSA
CylWllllJlll}/ 1 - sails via Honolulu and
/rtfnRRPU»- Auckland for Sydney
VSflllfJUlwr Wednesday. May 13, at
2 p. m. ■
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN. South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
- 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market st., San Francisco.
Compagnie Generals Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 North -£-_£**
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers < T fC* t\
by this line avoid both transit by ■"* JI " M * LMj
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
I Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, $160;
; second class. $116.
I LA BOriiGOGNE May 7. 10 a. m.
I LA TOUP.AINE May 14, 10 a. m.
i LA GASCOGNE May 21, 10 a. m.
■ LA CHAMPAGNE May 28, 30 a. m.
'-LA BOURGOGNE June 4. 10 a.m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAHXIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent. _ , .
No. 3 Bowling Green. -Jew York.
J. F. FUOAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye.. Pan Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello"
Mon.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m., I 8:15 p. m. (S:3O p. m. ex. Thurs.)
' Fridays 1 P. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier 2.
Telejhorte. Red 2241.
I FOR SAN JOSE, LOSGATOS and SANTA CFU2
Steamer Alviso leaves I'ier 1 daily (Sundays
: exoepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso daily (Saturdays
excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight and passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alviso, 50c:
to San Jose. 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 North
First street. San Jose.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10, 1897. trains will run as
follows:
South-bound, j North-bound.
Passen- Mixed Mixed Passen-
ger Sunday Sta- Sunday ger
Dally. Excep'd. tlons. Excep'd. Daily.
— , — . L ;
7:2oam 9:ooam Stockton 3:45 pm 5:40 pm
9:10 am 12:50 pm Merced 12:50 pm 3:53 p m
10:40 am 3:50 pm Fresno 9:30 a m 2:20 prn
11:40 am 5:20 pm Hanford 9:45 ami 1:15 pm
12:15 pm| 6:45 pm Vlsalia 6:40 amjl2:4o pm
Stopping at Intermediate points when re-
quired.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
C. N. & I. Co., leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 6 p. m. daily; at Merced with
stages to and from Snelllngs, Coultervllle. etc.;
also with stage for Hornltos, Marlposa, etc.;
at Lankershlm with stage to and from Madera.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
'•■".:'..;;' "(Via s>au»alito 'Kerry.) r
I Leave San Francisco, commencing November
iS. 1897: - - r -.- —.;;■. ■.:-•:-.- .' ■■ ■■
'; Week Days— a. m., 1:45 p. m. ;
Sundays— S:oo,l»:oo,; 11:30 a, m., 1:15 p. m.
. : Round trip from ; Mill Valley, ■ $1. ■
THOS i COOK -, & v SON, Agents, 621 Market
street. San Francisco. ;: V
AUCTION SALES.
FIRNITUREJ ROOMS.
. THIS DAY (FRIDAY). AT 2 O'CLOCK.
509 TURK ST.. NEAR LARKIN.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELP, 602 Market.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
south*: km I'ACiwe company.
(PACIFIC NY.STKM. I ' ," ' ,« '
rrnlna !»>«»«• mill »>••♦• •««••• '" nrrlve »*
man rmiNViiM:*.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
LEAVE — From Airil S3. 1898. — ARRIVE
*G:OOa Xijes, Ban Jose and Way Stations... •S.-l-V*
7:O«a Krnicia, fcuisuu Mid Sacramento ... I«:4->a
~:«Oa Marysvilie, OrOTfll««ud Bedding »■ ■
W^KMilaud '■ ,i v
7:00 a Vacaville »nd Ruttisey. »:*3r
-:»Oa Martinez. San lUnion. Vallejo. Nai>»,
i I. >;.'■* ami Santa liosa... 2 ! .'- P
S:«Oa Atlantic Kxpress, Ogileii and limit.. »:1-»P
»i!«o» Nil,-.. Sun Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento MaryntMle, Chico,
IVhama aud i:-i Itlu.T Jsl»r
•S:»Oa I'eters. Mill. . Oakdale (Jamestown
for Yoaeiuite).... •7:15
»iOC»a New Orleans Klpr«U, Merced, Kios-
iio, llakersllt-lil. SkiiU lUrbara,
),o« AiiKele*, Deiriiiie. El l'ajo,
New Orleans aud Knit 6:45p
10:00 a Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:45p
•l:OOp S»crameuto Kiver Hteum<-i« "»:O»p
I:OOp Nile*, Han Jose ai.d Way Stations.. *«:■*»*
San Jose, Niles anil Way Stations... I!>:I3a
S:O0r Lift- niKire, Metiduta,- llanford and
VUalia 4:ISp
....... Livermore, San Jose, Nilea and Way
'•■<:. ■..-.■■■•■■■, SUtions....... }io:l3a
Fresno, Merced, Martinez, V-lltjo.. 12:13p
«:«Or MKi-tiinv.. Hun lUiuoii, V*llejo,v!
Nrt[i:i, t'aliKlogii, I.i Verano and
ShmU I(OM ' l»il»»
4iO«i- Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
: ■■ Tvf-.; Knights l.au.iii;^, Maryßville, Oru-
»ille and.Sacinmeiito IO:4»A
4sBop Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:1*?
4:8 Op Stockton, Oakdale. Merced..:....... 12:13p
' 4:aopO»BtleandLodl..... I*:lsp
*:30p Lattirop. Modesto, Merced, Berenda
(Raymond for Yost mite), Fresno,
Mojave, Santa liar liar and I, us
■>--Uw'" Aii|?el«B.. ...........;. 7«45a
lilKtp Han tit I'h ICinite, Atlantic Express
for Mojuve ami K.ist 6:45 p
«:««!• European Mail, * >»-,!»-•. aud Fast.... o:4r>A
*6:UWr Vullejo 12:15p
«i««p lliiyirurilH, Xil-dHii.l San .105e.. .... 7:45 a
J7:oop Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions ;............... :9i«f
S:lMip On-(;on Kx|>r«BS,Hiienunentn, Marys-
ville, l:«tltliiiK. i'oitluixl, I'ugr.t
Siiiiihl ami I'.HHt ■'.... Si in a
' SAN LtA.MHtO AM) lUVWAUKS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
•) "" • ( 7:15 a
8:O(ia Jlelrosc, Seminary Park, *!?,'!?*•
lO.'oSi FHtlHMirß.Klmh.irBt, jjillSt;
tll:OO* San l.emiilro, Sou Hi San I8:l»p
tl . a . :M .°" Lean<lro, KnIu.IUIo, #&*k
iii:V>Op I hoitmo, Cherry i J4:45p
4:OOP . |5:45p-
5:0«p • » 811 0:13p
5:30p HayvfHrils. I' I .**'
7:« Op , • *:4»i>
N:OOP i RllnB through to Niles. : i?/
9:OOp j From Nilts lO:5Op
t»ll:l»p; ■ lif!2:»OP
COA^iT M VISION (NairoiT Malice).
(Foot of Market Street! .
17:45 a Stibta in.z Kxcursi >n, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations J»:osf
8:15 a Newark Centerville Sun Jose.Kelton,
Boulder Crtek.Santa Ciuz and Way
Htitioim :... 3:5Ol-
•2« 1 Newark, Conterville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way -
Stations *1 0:5 OkO k
I:l5p San Jose,Gienwood & Way Stations 9:20 a.
qi:l Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz jU:'£»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
.'romSlN ?R4SC!SCO— Foci of linnet Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:i.0 11:011 a.m. tl:00 *2:00 13:09
♦1:00 15:00 *6:ooi'.n.
from OAII.ASD— FooI of Ero»dw»j.—*fi:OO 8:00 10;00i.M.
112:00 *l:00 12:00 *3:30 11:00 '5:00 P.M.
COAST VISION (Uroaii (Jauge).
(Third and Townsend St*.)
•7:00 a San .los« and Way SUtioiis (New
Almaden Wedneitdays only) l:S0p
$7::10 a Sunday Eiciirs'on for San Jose,
Stilts Cruz, P*cifio Grove ana
Principal Way Stations JS:33>
9:00 a Sun .lone, Tre« Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Pacilic tliore, Paso Rubles, San
■- • I. nls Ohig|ii>, C<uada!ni>e. Surf and
: - ' Prlncliml Way Stations.... 4ilof
lU:4Oa San .lone and Way Stations... •8:00*
ll::t»A Sao Jose and Way Stations ....... *8:35>
"«:43r San Mateo, Redwood, Palo Alto, -■:'-
Santa Clara. Sun Jose, Gilroy,
Holliatcr, Santa Cruz, Salinas, - -
Monterey and I'acilic (>ro»o "10:33*
•3: HO p Sun .lose and Way Stations '»:««<
* 1:1 5 f San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:45 a
«3:00p Sau Jose and Principal Way Stations '8:33 a
5 ::;<>!• Sau.lose and Principal Way Stations 5:»«p
«::ilif San Jose anil Whj- Stations ?:3Up
1ll:-15i' San Jose and Way Stations 7:801'
A for Morning;. 1" for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. } Sundays only, t Saturdays only
tt Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only,
i Sunday* and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
SAN FRANGISCU and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tibaroa Ferry. Fo«t of Market St.
<-.».. i iiA.\il^U bAN iiAI'"AKL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35.
3:30, 5:10, 6:^o p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
! and ll:3u p. m.
i SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
L.'Wi, «;20 i). rrk
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
j WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
I 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:10,
5:00. 6:25 p. in.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave | Arrive
San Francisco. In effect San Francisco.
. April 23 — — — — —^— — ~
Week I Sun- IS9S. ' Sun- I Week
pays. |_days. Destination. days. | Days.
7:30 am ' 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am| 8:40 am
3:30 pmT9:3O am Petaiuma. 6:10 pnijlO:2j am
5:10 pm|s:oo pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm S:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pmj 6.22 pm
7:80 ami I Hopland and] '10:25 am
i 3:30 pm|S:oo am| _ Ukiah. | 7:35 pmj 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
S:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
j 3j3o jpjn 6:22 pm
' 7:30 am S:00 ami Sonoma 110:40 am! S:4O am
I and I
I B:10 pm 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen, j 6:10 pm[ 6:22 pm
I 7:80 ara 18:60 ami Sebastopol. 110:40 am 1 10:25 am
I 3:30 pm|s:oo pm| I 7:35 pm] 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Sk.iggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopiand for Duncan Springs,
I Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. New Carlsbad
i Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartl-nt
i Springs; nt Ukiah for Vichy Pprinps. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Pell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno. Potter Valley, John Day's. River-
ride, Llerley's. Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights.
Hullville. Boonevllle, Orr's Hot Springs. Men-
j doclno City, Fort Brag?, Westport.. Usal.
! Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bldg.
A. W. FOSTER. R X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agent.
llFMaHßßgsfl^ CALIFORNIA
E|!m|| limited.
raffilg^gH SAN FRANCISCO
\m^UZ^^j I CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m. ■ :
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries firHt-c!a3S passengers only, but wl:!i-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers;
214 days 'to' Chicago. *H days to New Tort
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leave* daily at 4:JU p. in., carrying l'ullmaii
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars o»
fast time. Direct conne"' i• in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
Trains arrl- - and depart frcm Market-«tre«t
Ferry. '- Pan Fran isco ticket office, 6.1 Market
street. " Chronicle building. Telephone Mala
1620. Oakland office. 1118 Broadway. Sacra-
mento office. .201 J street. Bai Jose, 7 West
Santa ' Clara street. , -;-.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausalito Ferry. :
From San Francisco, Commencing September
. 19. 1597. "■
WEEK DATS.
For Mill Valley and ; San Rafael— •7:2s. ™):30.
11:30 a. m. ; '1:45, 3:43, *5:15. 6:00, 6:30 p. in.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wed-
nesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. .- .
'-.-•• ;-. ■ ■'-■: ■-: SUNDAYS. /■ : --■'
For Mill • Valley r and San ■ Rafael— •10:(»,
•11:30 a. m.; »1:15, 3:00, »4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked * run to San Quentln.-
. THROUGH TRAINS: "
7:25 a. m. week days t or Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays, (mixed train). for
Duncan Mills and way stations: o 8:00 a. m,
Sundays for Point Reyes and way station*. -.
--■ ,- - -,-- ..- -i ■ ' • ' .-. ■ - ■ "I ■ ■ ■ - '#.'-.. -.- ■-■... -■
1314
HARD-LUCK TRIP
OF THE URANUS
Short of Provisions, So the
Crew Had to Live
on Beans.
I
Captain M. P. Anderson Died
Almost in Sight of the
Golden Gate.
The Cook of the Bark Hesper Went
Crazy at Sea and Tried to
Commit Suicide.
Quite a fleet of vessels took advantage
of the fair wind that blew in from the
sea yesterday and made port without the
aid of the tugs. Among them was one
ship, two barks and a dozen schooners,
while the steamer Columbia arrived from
Portland and the Weeott from Eureka.
The latter was two days overdue, and
was towed in by the tug Sea King. Dur
ing the run down the coast her engines
broke down and she came the greater
part of the way under sail.
The schooner Enterprise came in from :
Grays Harbor with a load of lumber.
During the passage Captain Ingwerdsen !
broke a blood vessel and the crew j
thought he would die before the vessel
reached port. They signaled for a doc
tor as soon as the heads were reached,
and Dr. E. Hill of the Harbor Receiving
Hospital went out to the vessel. He
found the captain to be a very sick man,
but thinks that with care he will pull
through.
The bark Hesper came in from Caleta
Buena with a cargo of nitrate. On the
way up the coast S.- Anderson, the cook,
went crazy and jumped overboard. A
boat was lowered and he was rescued,
but as he again tried to take his own
life. Captain Sodergren put him in irons.
The Hesper brought up as passengers
A. E. Macandrew and H. James and wife.
Mr. Macandrew says that Caleta Buena
and Iquique are practically deserted. The
bottom has dropped out of the nitrate
market, and nearly all the factories are
closed down. In consequence there has
been an exodus of the inhabitants, near
ly all of whom started for the Klondike.
Mr. and Mrs. James are going to try their
fortune on the Yukon.
The schooner Uranus arrived from San
Benito, Mexico, after a hard round trip.
She left Fort- Bragg with a load of lum
ber over six months ago, but lost half
of it in the Gulf of California during a
very heavy storm. No return cargo could
be secured at San Benito, so she had to
return in ballast. Captain M. P. Ander
son had been sick throughout the entire
passage, and on the 22d inst. he died and
was buried at sea. Captain Glow brought
the vessel into port after a great deal of
trouble. The chronometer was all wrong,
and according to his reckonings the Uran
us should have been hard and fast on
the beach a week ago. Captain Anderson
wanted to live to reach port, and held out
to the last minute. But when the time
came that, according to calculations, the
schooner should be within sight of the
Goiden Gate and there was no land in
sight, he gave up hope and when his son
returned to the cabin to tell him once
more that there was nothing but water
to be seen he found him dead.
While the Uranus was lying at San
Penito George Lindner, an apprentice boy
on the German barkentine Elba, deserted
his ship and swam two miles to get
aboard the American schooner. He said
he was not half fed and wanted to get
to San Francisco, so he took his chances
with the sharks. As the Uranus was
ready to sail. Captain Anderson kept the
boy and brought him up on the schooner.
As far as the food was concerned, how
ever, in Lindner's case, it was out of the
frying pan into the fire. The stock of
Jlour on the Uranus was ruined on the
■voyage down, and the crew had to live
on beans during the trip up the coast.
There was no fear of starvation, but
everybody was longing for a change of
diet when the anchor was dropped.
If evei a man was thoroughly disliked
on the water front it is United States
Quarantaine Officer Rosenau. He is never
happy unless he is putting some unfor
tunate ship captain to some trouble, but
he is supremely happy when he can catch
a sailing vessel that has crossed the quar
antine line with a fair wind. Wednesday
last he caught the brigs Lurline and John
D. Spreckels, and was, in consequence, as
pleased as a pig with two tails. Captain
Christiansen, of the Spreckels, was bowl-
Ing along with a fine breeze and was fig
uring on making the sugar refinery on
one tack, when along came Dr. Rosenau
and made him 'bout shin and return to
the other side of the quarantine line.
The Lurline had to come to an anchor
in order to give the Federal officer a
chance to go through her papers. Yester
•Jay the Uranus came close to the quar
antine line, and Captain Clow had to furl
sail and drop anchor in a hurry in order
to fscape a fine. As it was he came
within an ace of running down the pilot
boat lionita. On the .British ship Port
Logan and American ship Eclipse the
captains had to order all the sails let go
and drop anchor in order to please Dr.
Rosenau. In consequence both vessels
broke their capstans and were otherwise
damaged.
Such incidents as these are of every
day occurrence, so it is no wonder the
shipping: men and ship masters dislike
Dr. Rosenau.
Th". steamer Humboldt sailed yesleiduy
on her last trip but one for Dvea and
Skagusy. On the completion of her ■May-
Juno voyage she will be put 01. the St.
Michael run, and Chief Engineer J. Foard
is wi,:.ng to give odds that his vessel Will
bc-it the record of any steame- wit <n
the trade. The Humboldt is a fast, com
icrtal.le boat, but just how fa".-: she is
nobody knows, as she has never !<• -n
npi pried. Last season she made the ro m.l
trip from Seattle to St. Michael and back
In twenty-five days. That time included
a delay of several days at St. Michael,
caused by poor lightering, and two days
at Dutch Harbor to coal. That was the
Foard says her vessel can better her own
Foord says her vessel can better her own
time.
Uncle Sam has only to go as far as
the Merchants' Exchange when in want
of three stalwart recruits who know more I
or less about almost every ship afloat.
The young men are J. Daley, Abe Marks
and W. B. Downs, and they are ready to
go to sea on any of the warships, when
called upon. There are none more popu
lar in shipping circles than "Jerry, Abe
nni Billy," and should the call of duty
take them to the front they would be sad
ly missed by the hundreds who shower
questions at them daily "on 'Change."
THE JAPS MAY LAND.
Inspector Lynch's Appeal Has Been
Overruled by the National Im
migration Commisioner.
T'nited States Immigration Commis
sioner North received yesterday a tele- <
gram from the Commissioner of Immi
gration at Washington announcing that
the protest of John Lynch had been over
ruled and that the forty-eight Japanese
In dispute, who arrived by the China, the j
Doric and the Belgic, should be allowed |
to land. The snecial board of inquiry, of i
which Mr. Lynch, Chinese Inspector, Is <
one, decided that the Japs were entitled
to land, but Mr. Lynch refused to sign
the report and made his minority report
in the shape- of an appeal to the National |
Commissioner.
Commission. -r North said yesterday
that if It shall be. found that the landed
Japs are contract laborers they will be
arrested and deported, the action of the
special board of inquiry in allowing them !
to land not being final, but qualified and
revocable upon evidence of fraud.
Women in Congress.
The Woman's Congress opens on Mon- i
day next at Native Sons' Hall. The sub- !
Ject for this year's discussion will be j
"The Trend of American Life." Some j
very Interesting speakers are on the pro- i
gramme for the occasion, and the con- j
gress this year is expected to be more
entertaining than its predecessors.
Read "The Story of the Rise of the
Christian Scientists" in next Sun
day's Call
WHAT CAUSED
HIS DEATH?
Mystery in the Demise of
an Employe of the
Racetrack.
Henry Wright Died Twenty-
One Days After Being
Beaten.
Dr. Clark of ths Infirmary Is Sure
Death Wei the Result of
Consumption.
Henry Wright, a colored boy, who was
employed at the racetrack exercising
horses, died Wednesday at the Alameda
County Infirmary, and there is a sus
picion that his death is not fully account
ed for by the doctor's certificate, which
gives consumption as the cause.
Last Tuesday "Tip" O'Neill, the base-
I ball player, who is a deputy sheriff at
I the racetrack, brought young Wright to
i the Receiving Hospital In a buggy. He
turned him over to the care of Steward
Tobin, and stated that Wright had been
in a scrap at the track and had received j
a beating. O'Neill also stated that the j
colored boy had been kicked. Tobin put j
the boy to bed and from him obtained the
same story. Wright was so sore on hia
right side that he could not lie upon it.
"While he was at the hospital," said
Steward Tobin this afternoon, "he was I
not attended by a doctor, as there was i
nothing serious about his sickness, and
I understood that he was merely to be
here until Supervisor Church could be
asked for a permit to admit the boy to
the county infirmary. I did not examine
him, but the boy said he had got into |
a row and that some one had kicked him \
in the right side. Some time later a j
permit was issued, I believe, at the re- i
quest of "Tip" O'Neill, and Wright was
taken to the infirmary. 1 have since
learned that be died there yesterday.
Yesterday morning Charles Boots, the
well-known horse owner and racing man,
reported to Jailer Lane at the County Jail
that Wright was dead, and that he had
heard that his death was due partly, if
not wholly, to being beaten at the race
track during a row. Mr. Boots said he
had no positive knowledge of, the fact,
but he reported it as he considered it ;
worthy of being investigated. Jailer Lane
: communicated the facts to Coroner Bald-
"As soon as I heard of the matter," said
the Coroner, "I at once questioned Dr. j
(."'ark, the resident physician of the in- ,
tirmary, who had signed the death cer
tificate. Dr. Clark told me that he had '
not found any bruises on the hoy, neitner
had Wright made any complaint of ill- i
treatment. The doctor assured me that
as soon as Wright was received at the in- '
firmary a careful diagnosis of his lungs
was made, which resulted in proving that
he was suffering from acute consumption,
and that there was nothing to indicate
any other cause for death. As Dr. Clark
is a very conscientious physician I con
sidered that there was no need to con
tinue my investigation."
Dr. Clark was asked yesterday after
noon regarding any proof of injury, and
said that although Wright was conscious
right up to the time of his death he did
nut make any reference to any 111-treat
ment. "In examining his lungs." sai.i i >r.
Clark, "It was necessary to strip him be
low his ribs, and I should think if he
were suffering he WOUW have let me
know. It baa been reported to me that
one of his jaws was broken, but such a
statement is false."
Young Wright was burled yesterday
afternoon from the undertaking parlors
of McManus & Co. As he lay in the
casket he presented a very healthy ap
pearance, and the manager said that he
certainly did not look like a consumptive
patient, although there was not a bruijfc
on Ins body or anything to indicate that
he had not died as the doctor recorded.
The f.xptnses of the funeral were paid
by the boys at the track, as Wright 's
not known to have any friends or rela
tives in this vicinity. The boy was about
23 years of age, and had been around*
racetracks for a few years.
ALLITERATIVE
SUPERSTITION
Robert Mantell's Agent Points
Out a Few Curious Facts
About Names.
A Sure and Splendid Success Seeks
a Succession of Syllabio
Sounds.
H. A. d'Arcy. who is in the city In the
interest of Robert Mantell, is a poet-play
wright and propounder of ideas. He has
invented a new superstition which, if un
reasonable, is at least an interesting
study. He argues that alliteration in
names is lucky and offers examples in
stage life to bear out his theory. He says:
it is quite a number of years ago when
I first noticed the large percentage of
theatrical names, the initials of which
correspond. It occurred to me that most
of these names were assumed ones and
adopted in the interest of euphony, but I
found this was not so; i.ien I discovered
beyond doubt that alliteration was a
lu<l<y quantity.
••When Mantoll plays 'Romeo,' hisjuliet
in the balcony scene voices one of
Shakespeare's most famous axioms. Miss
Capulet is awfully 'gone' on young Mon
tague, and, bemoaning the fact that his
name is objectionable to her family, says
'that a rose by any other name would
Hinoll as sweet.' The young lady may be
correct, but she has no more proof to
)>;ick up her asertion tnan I have to the
contrary. It hold that if the rose had
Ik en named 'cactus' it would not have
been the ideal flower we know. There is
much in names, or why do poets and
novelists christen their virtuous maidens
Martha, Florence, Gladys or Madeleine,
while they invariably < all their adven
turesses Cora. Lina, Xana, Lena or some
such name with four letters and ending
with 'a?' But 1 am only discussing one
example in the value of names, which, as
before stated, is alliteration.
"Couple two or more names commencing
with the same letter, and, as sure as you
do so. it will influence good fortune. I
would need a column of this paper to
give the examples of which I know. I
will start with a few and give the reader
jx. chance to continue the list.
"Some unlucky women of the stage: Efße
Ellsler. Charlotte Crabtree, Charlotte
Cuahman, Charlotte Crampton, Maggie
Mitchell, Maggie loore, Amy Ames,
Flora Finlayson, Lillian Lamson. Grace
Golden, Daisy Dixon, Billie Barlow, Min
nie Maddern, Marion Manola Mason,
Katherine Kidder, Millie Miska, Bessie
Bonehill, Lillie Langtry, Emma Eames,
Marguerite Mather.
"Some lucky men are: Collie Cibber,
Joseph Jefferson, Walker Whlteside,
Dore Davidson, Frank Frayne, Harry
Harris, Melbourne Macdowe.., Harry
Hawk. Edward Eddie. Charles Coote,
Roland Reed and hundreds of others.
"It may occur to the reader that being
a theatrical man I am taking all the
value of this charm to my own profes
sion. Not at all. It may be traced in the
history of the world. Was it fate or de
sign that Mahomet was born in Mecca
mid buried in Medina, or that Wellesley,
Lord Wellington, won Waterloo, that
famous battle fought on Friday, that
unlucky day for all fatalists? Had Blu
chcr been arrayed on the side of Bona
parte the issue would surely have been
reversed. When a man ta*es up arms
against a government, if he fails he is
a rebel; if successful he is a patriot. No
man ever took so great a risk with re
sults on his side as General Giuseppi
Garibaldi. Fateful Friday was again ar
rayed against the charm of alliteration
when Christopher Columbus discovered
this country
THE SA:N T FRANCISCO 1 CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 29, 189 S.
IN THE REAL
ESTATE WORLD
The Crippled State of the
Market and Its
Cause.
Interior and City Building
Development Is at a
Standstill.
A Glance at the Records, Sales
and General Really
Notes.
The war with Spain, coupled with the
naturally quiet state of the real estate
market. Is still acting as a check upon
the progression of real estate generally
throughout the city, and, in fact, the
entire State. A big sale is a rarity and
is seldom negotiated, while minor sales
are likewise slow and very far between.
j Property is hanging like a burden on
owners dcrirous of disposing of it, as '
; nothing bordering on its real value can !
I be realized, and consequently must be j
held or sold at a loss, as the market is j
practically dead. The building in the
city is slow and in the country worse.
J During the past week, however, things
| brightened a little and real estate
| agents reported, a slight development in |
i residence and development property, ;
but the general business done was no '
j better than the preceding week, and
i was so slight as to not make • ay per- ;
! ceptible change in the general state of !
1 hiTi'i irs
The market in the country is little
better than here. The drought has
! played unusual havoc with the crops
i and the outlook for farmers in real
izing a successful year Is dubious and;
almost beyond hope, which means a de- ;
! terioratlon in real estate, as it will be
' impossible for them to pay their in
; debtedness. The loss includes for the
i most part the grain and fruit crops.
! Large areas of land as a result o-f the
arid condition of the ground are being
let to cattle-dealers and sheep-herders,
as it cannot be utilized to better ad- j
! vantage.
The building in this city during the
past week amounted to $193,382 in
transactions, against $79,027 the preced
ing week, and is reckoned in view of .
the stagnant condition of affairs as
phenomenal.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
During the week there were eighty-six
mortgages and trust deeds recorded,
: amounting to $270,480. For the same pe
riod fifty-two releases and reconveyances
passed to record in the total sum of $149.
166. The principal mortgages and trust
deeds were as follows:
By Ernest Rochat to C. \V. and Eliza
! beth McAfee 19600, for one year at 6% per
• cent, on property in Western Addition,
: block 142, on north line of Pago, 247 :H west
of Franklin; by Hibernia Savings and
Loan Society to Warring Wilkinson. $27.
500 for one year at 6V2 per cent, on prop
erty in 50-vara block 142. on southwest
corner of Stockton and Sutter streets,
south 60 by west 60; by Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society to R. C. Chambers. $1.".,
000 for one year at 6V2 per cent, on prop
erty in Western Addition, blocks (80 and
7SS" on north line of Vallejo street, 68:9
! west of Scott, west 103:1% by north 137 :S,
1 and northwest corner of Fulton and Wtl
lard streets, west 200, north 137:6, cast 114,
: north 12:3, south 150; by German Savings
and Loan Society to Clara M. Frank, $18,
500 for one year at 7 per cent, on property ,
in Mission, block 71, on west line of Va
lencia street, 250 north of Nineteenth; by 1
William McCormick to John A. McCor- j
I mick, $13,000 for six yc-ars at 7 per cent, on I
I property in blocks 347 and 365. Mission 1
i block 138 and 50-vaxa block 21.
RECENT SALES.
The following sales were made by the !
i real estate firm of Solomon Getz & Bro. : j
' i;.0x240 on east line of Tenth avenue, 200
Buutb of L street, for $5500; 50x120, on east ;
line of Twelfth avenue, 225 south of I
street for $1700; 50x120, on west line of :
i Ninth' avenue, 200 north of M street, for :
; $900- 50x100, on southeast line of Lubon
■treet, 175 northeast of Persia avenue, for ,
I $600; 50x120, on south line of Monta-ia
1 street 125 west of Plymouth, for $500; lot
! 8 in block 48. Sunnyside, for $225; 5 lots in
> block B, Getz Addition to Lakevicw, j
' for $500- 25x120 and improvements, on the i
south line of H street, 107:6 west of
i Eighth avenue, for $3000; 25x120, on west
1 line of Nineteenth avenue, 225 north of
! Point Lobos avenue, for $600.
NEW BUILDING CONTRACTS.
Nineteenth, southeast corner Mission
avenue (Angelica street)— Excavations, |
brick work, terra cotta. granite, cast and ,
wrought iron for a four-story brick build- !
Ing, owner Youhts' Directory, architect |
Charles J. I. Devlin, contractor Thomas j
Butler, cost $26,991; carpentry, joinery.and i
mili work, glass, hardware, marble and 1
' tile work, stairs and elevator work, con
' tractor J. W. Smith, cost $17,390; plumb
ing, gas fitting and drainage system, con
1 tractor G. C. Sweeney, cost $5577; lathing,
i plastering and cementing, contractor
Martin Carrick, cost $2876; painting, grain
: Ing, varnishing and calclmining. contrac- 1
! tor J. F. Sullivan, cost $1875.
Ellis street, southwest corner of Cohen
' place, west of Leavenworth— Three-story
■ frame building, owner John Blaney.archi
' tect Frt-d B. Wood, contractor C. F.
i Scheibh-y. cost $8400.
Devisouero, west line, 10 feet south of
Eddy— All work except plumbing, gas flt
' ting, sewering, painting and brick work
' for a two-story frame building. Owner, 1
i J F Dunn; architects. Havens & Toepke;
i contractor, D. B. Munroe; cost, $5549.
Buchanan, southeast corner McAllister
i —Three-story frame building, two flats
! and two stores. Owner, Isador Schwartz;
1 architect, C. R- Wilson; contractor, Wil
i 11am Helbing; cost, $7150.
Davis, northwest corner of Jackson—
Partitions, etc., in a one-story brick build
■ ing Owner, John Q. Gibson, agent; ar
i chitect, James E. Wolfe; contractor, John
Furness; cost, $750. Plumbing, etc., con
: tractor, J. P. Groom; cost, $500.
Eddy, southeast corner of Mason—alter
j ations to brick building. Owner, A. W.
■ Wilson; architects. Shea & Shea; con
tractor, 1. \v. Coburn; cost, $1&46.
! Jackson, north line, IS>7:6 feet east of
1 Pierce— Plumbing, gas fitting, etc., for a
; two-story frame dwelling. Owner, Mrs.
Camilla Samson; architects, Salfield &
Kohlberg: contractor, W. F. Wilson; cost,
$1511. Excavations, brick work, etc., con
i tractor, F. Wagner; cost $1148.
Clary, southeast line, 350 feet southeast
of Fifth— Two-story frame building. Own
i er. May L. Blake; architect, W. Koenlg;
j contractor, I. \V, Coburn; cost, $2327.
Powell, northwest corner of Eddy—
! Brick, iron and carpenter work, fixtures,
I wood flooring, wrought iron, brass work,
glazing, etc., in the Louvre. Owner, Wil
liam Bogen; architects, Havens & Toep
! ke; contractor. John Furness; cost, $10.ii."iii. '
Gas fitting, plumbing, etc., contractor,
! Duffey Bros.: cost. $1800. Decorative plas
j ter work and setting same in place, con-
I tractor. J. P. McMurray; cost, $2000. Con
crete flooring, marble work. til*> flooring
and wainscoting, contractor*, Manerum
& Otter; cost, $6520.
Guerrero, east line. 85 feet south of
Nineteenth — Two-story frame building,
two flats. Owners, John and Nellie Don
elly; architect, C. N. Jones; contractors,
I J. A. Cotter and E. N. Jones; cost, $3240.
Washington, south line, No. 1013—Dem
olitions, and all work, except mantels
and gas fixtures for a three-story frame
building. Owner, L. Brlzzolara; archi
tect. E. Depierre; contractor, P. A. An
tonelli; cost, $3900.
Fell, north line, 156:3 feet west of Lott— !
Plumbing, gas fitting and tiling for a
three-story frame dwelling. Owner, Mrs.
Elizabeth A. McCord; architect. Edward
R. Swain; contractor, Duffey Brothers'
cost. $1035.
Jackson, northwest corner Lyon— All
work, except electrical work, concrete,
grading and furnace for .a two-story, at
tic and basement frame dwelling. Owner,
David Dangers; architects, Newsom &
! Meyer: contractors, Campbell ft Pettus;
cost. 55345.
Second, northeast corner Mission—Mar
ble work for wainscoting, copings, etc.,
1 mantels and grates, door thresholds, etc.
Owners. Wells, Farteo & Co. : architects.
1 Percy & Hamilton; contractors, Duffy |
Brothers; rost, $23,000. Plumbing work,
etc.— Contractor, W. F. Wilson; cost, $16,
856. Elevajor work— Contractors, Fraser
Electric Eljvator Company; cost, $15,500.
Battery, corner Broadway— Repairs,
etc., to a partly burned building. Owner,
American Biscuit Company. Mason work,
T. Butler; carpentry, Campbell & Pettus.
Architects, Wright & Sanders; cost, $5000.
Market, corner Powell— Elevators for
hotel building. Owner, E. J. Baldwin;
contractor, W. L. Holman; cost, $5673.
Turk, south line, 40 feet east of Taylor-
Alterations and additions to a row of
three frame buildings. Owner, James D.
Phelan; architects, Curlett & McCaw;
contractor, A. H. Wilhelm; cost, $6173.
UNDER THE HAMMER.
On Thursday next, 28th inst., O. F. yon
Rhein & Co. will submit a catalogue of
residence properties for public approval.
Included in the list are the following par
cels: House of forty-six rooms at 116
Turk street, lot 55x137:6; lot 25x100, on
Steiner, north of Oak; two fiats and lot
25x107, on First avenue, north of Sacra
mento; store and dwelling on the north
west corner of Dolores ami Twenty-sec
ond streets, lot 25:11x95; three lots, 25x120
each, on Boyce street, south of Point
Lobos avenue; front and rear house and
lot 50x160, at 26 Laurel and 19 Guy place,
off First; three lots, 25x130 feet each, on
Eureka, south of Twentieth; lot 62:6x75
on south line of Seventeenth, east of
Eureka; also several other pieces.
An auction sale was held last Tuesday
by Easton, Eldridge & Co. The details
were reported at the time.
NEW YOUTHS 1 DIRECTORY.
Contracts to the amount of $54,709 have
been let for work on the new four-story
brick building for the Youths' Directory,
on the southeast corner of Nineteenth
street and Mission avenue. The excava
tion, brick work, terra-cotta, granite, cast
and wrought iron work will be done ty
Thomas Butler for $26,991. The carpentry,
Joinery and mill work, glass, hardware,
marble and tile work, stairs and elevator
work will cost $17,390, and will be done by
J. W. Smith. Plumbing, gaslitting and
drainage will cost $5577, and several
smaller contracts have been Vet for lesser
amounts. The lot, which cost $16,000, is
140x22S feet, and the cost of the new home
will be about $85,000.
RANDOM NOTES.
The new high school at Gilroy will be
erected by E. J. Schottenheimer of San
Jose. The architects are Cunningham
Bros, ot Oakland.
The lot 55x137:H feet on the north side
of Ellis street, 137:6 feet west of Frank
lin, has been sold by Heiene Falirback
to D. Cohen and R. and J. Lazarus for
$90»Xt. Improvements will consist of six
flats to cost about $14,000.
The sum of $14,000 has been paid by C.
S. Wheeler to Sarah N. Morris for the
lot 27:0x04:6 and improvements on the
north line of O'Farrell street, 46:2 feet
west of Laguna.
Considerable work has been going on
in the Nevada block, northwest corner
of Montgomery and Pine streets. Mod
ern improvements are being made and
the interior is being painted and whit
ened.
On the southwest corner of Ellis street
and Cohen place a throe-story frame
building will be erected for John Blam-y
at a cost of $8400.
The estate of T. J. Giblin has sold to
1,. Cranz for $12.2r>0 the three-story buiiu
ing and lot 100x35:6 on the southeast cor
ner of Clay and Leavenworth streets.
A lot 49:10x132 feet on the north side of
Pacific avenue, 50 feet east of Webster
street, has been sold by Herman Eppin
ger to J. Schoenfeld for $10,000. The now
owner is having plans drawn by Salfield
& Kohlberg for a $20,000 residence.
J. F. Dunn will spend about $7000 in the
erection of a. two-story frame building on
the west side of Devisadero street, south
of Eddy.
Mrs. M. A. Sherwood has leased to E.
B. Church for five years the property on
the northeast corner of California and
Buchanan streets for $13,500 for the tern.
On the northwest corn, r of Beulah and
Shrader streets a three-story frame
building, to contain three flats of ten
rooms er.ch. and to cost $20,000, will be
erected for Robert Piper.
The three-Story frame building to go
up on the southeast corner of Buchanan
and McAllister streets for Isador
Schwartz will contain two flats and two
.-tores, and will cost about $7200.
Contracts to the extent of $20,970 were
let during the week for work upon the
Louvre restaurant on the northwest cor
ner of Powell and Eddy streets. Havens
& Toopke have charge of the improve
ments.
About $7500 will be the cost of the two-
Btory attic and basement frame dwelling
for David Danpers on the northwest cor
ner of Jackson pml Lyon streets.
J. H. and Julia L. Borrodough will
have erected on Hillside avenw, Oak
land, a residence that will cost abou»
$12,000. Contracts for over $9000 worth of
work have been let.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
W P Thomas. I'kiah R W Hoffman, N T
B T Booze & w Cal Mrs Kendall, N V
J Itaggin, San Andrea* A S Sulkey. Denver
W E Beefhly, Ohio L Adam ft w, cal
Miss M Beeghly. Ohio: E J Mann, Boston
Mrs C L Kefiogff. Ohio M Stewart & w Pa
T D BittiriKer, Ohio L B Hondrlck. Portlnd
L da TonrrleL Ballarat II S Lawn-nod, Cal
J \V Llnsoott t'al T Clark. I'lacerville
N Mepser, S L Obispo J II Hamilton, Oaklnd
R Ewers. New York D Schmidt. London
C «' <utts & w, Deavsr L T Roberts. Lam Anjr
H Thorp & sn, Sacto B\V Curry. Chicago
F H Green. San Rafael H H Wodd, Napn
Mrs 3 Gravell! & s, Cal J M Robinson, L'kiah
J (I Hpley, Boston F Powers * »-, Cal
J N Wood & iv. Cal G II Georg-p. .Tamestwn
II P Boker. St Louis R C Frankenthall.Wyo
L S Pay, Ohio I\V A Lias & vv, N V
C W Silver, Chicago >
BALDWIN HOTEL.
X A McAllister, Wts O A Winston Boston
0 C Schulfze, Dixon Saslawsky, Boston
\V E Harris, Oakland Javeleff, Boston
C F Henry. Rookford J Helleberg, Boston
J H Powell. Mo J Spinster, Bostcfn
! G G Hager. Canada M H Brooks. Boston
Mrs Howard & m. Can Count R C Heca, Bostn
Miss Chlteher, <"anada W J Leo. New York
R B Mlshatn. England W T Hofman. N V
A Misham, England J Lawson, Stockton
M Maradny. Knfiland L Vlvlanl. New York
A Bavuex. Enpland Mmc Van Cauferen-
B R Barker. Livermore Vivinni. New York
C L Flecklnger, Cal Jde Bona, New York
Mrs FlerktnKer, Cal J Michel. Xew York
1 B niKss. Woodland T H Wallace. N V
B Reynolds, N V J Courtney Jr. Dixon
L M Raisir, S L Ohlsp O C Schultze, Dixon
C O Wlgsins, Boston C M Forsaker. N M
R J Prince, Boston S J Montgomery, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
S H King. N V W H Carpenter, R I
R McCreery, N V Mrs Carpenter, R I
CC Clarke, N V W W Burns, N V
Mrs Clark. NY F J French. N V
F H Harris, N J W S Lloyd. N V
W H Henry, Oakland EL de Golyer, L Ang
Mrs Henry. Oakland C WelMmann. N V
D \V Cory. Mass Mrs O S Newell. Wls
C Silent. Los Angeles | Miss Newell. Wis
S J Harbaugh, Mo |W A Green Ariz
Mrs HarbauKh. Mo |A B Shoemake, Modsto
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H G Grace. NT J Jones, Sacto
W W Forbish. Ariz I A Kahn. Oregon
D L Thomas. Stockton M J Ruare. I'tah
X Glei'son. San'Joso D W Barnes, Nebr
J Williams, Davisville W W Moore. L Angr
C Peterson Fresno H R Hildebrnml. Texas
R McCarthy. Modesto X H Mernim. Texas
J McAvoy. San Rafael W T Kitchens. Texas
M Moran. Eureka H M Locassln. Texas
C Flanders, Riverside
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ran Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third "treots. open
until 12 o'clock every nlpht I- the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner C!ay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
357 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
61S Lark In street: open v '1 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
22G1 Market street, corner Slxt-enth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2626 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-s?cond and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
SPECIAL IVOTICES.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow shams, table covers,
towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the Plo-
lu-er Dry Goods Store. 105 Fifth st.
BATHS for the aged; thermal, electro-mag-
netic; lnvitroratine; sure cure for all skin
diseases. 1035 Market; parlor 8.
MISS OLSON and assistant; genuine vapor
baths and treatments. 124 Sixth st., room 2.
ANNA RAY PALMER, genuine massage and
vapor baths. Room 1, 117 Powell st.
BAD ten.ints pjected for |4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 5550.
MISS R. DUVAL. just from the East; expert
chiropodist and manicure. Rooms 2 and 3,
223 Post st.
ALYINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15V» Turk t»nd Ills Market, rms. 15-16.
ALICE PAY, magnetic healer and vapor baths.
116 A Grant aye.. room 17.
MKS. DR. ALLEN, expert chiropodist; elec-
tric vapor. 204 Sutter st. : 2d floor.
MISS H. CLEVELAND from the East— Baths,
; assistants. 29 Grant aye., room 5.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans;
baths and massage. HIS • Market st., rm. 8.
BOOM 3 papered from $2 50; whitened, $1. 243
Thlrc. St. and 2SOS Twenty-fourtt
SPECIAL .NOTlCES— Continued.
RAY FAIR, magnetic healer and card reader.
; 208 O'Farrell st., room 2. .'. .. . '.'-'-:
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
, baths 120 : Geary st., room 11. .
FANNIE DAVIS returned: massage baths. 122
Post st., room .10, second floor front. ■-':,:
EDNA V. GRANT, genuine massage ' baths.
215 Kearny st., room 2. •
MME, HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 110 Taylor. st. : .
BRANCH office of The Call, 106 Eleventh St.—
Want ads and subscriptions taken. -■••".'
M TIN iVOTICES. ~— '
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K. «* <•
T., Masonic Temple, Post and Mont- FIT
gomery. sts.— Regular assembly : THIS :l|l 1
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. N^
All fraters are courteously Invited.
o,t> •■ -SIR JOHN P. PHASER. Em. Com. -
_ SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
YERBA Buena Lodge of Perfection No.
U^Sv?, Ular meet »n£ THIS (FRIDAY) "W
EVENING, April 29. at S o'clock. .it
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary. «§§&
VNDER the auspices of the Knights of m
the Red Branch, the twenty-ninth an- A
nual picnic and reunion of the Irish
Nationalist* of California will be held "k**^
ut Shell Mound Park, Berkeley, on next
fcunuay. May 1. On this occasion the daoc-
lng and games will be much more attractive
than ever before. The be . jig and reel danc-
ers on the coast will compete for valuable
Prizes. THE COMMITTEE.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hy-
draullc process from George C. Rose.
In the Blue Rock mine at Georgia
Mide, El Dorado County, to deposit tall-
ings behind the dam of the Gold Bug
mine In Canyon Creek; from A. B. Dries-
bach and J. F. Dudley, In the Driesbach
& Dudley mine near North San Juan, Ne-
vada County, to deposit tailings In Shady
Creek; from William E. Moore and John Is-
blster in the Fair View mine at Sweetland,
Nevada County, to deposit tailings on a flat
below the mine, and from David Cabona and
John Romano, In the Imperial mine near
hierra City, Sierra County, to deposit tail-
ings In old pits below the mine, gives notice
that a meeting will be held at room 59, Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal., on May 16,
1898. at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of stockholders of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be held at the office
of the company, 327 Market st., San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, the 10th day of
May, IS9S. at the hour of 11 a. m., for the
purpose of electing a Board of Directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
on FRIDAY, April 29. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— D7v7d^d~~NoTio~(flifty
tents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market Ft., on and after Mon-
day. May 2, IS9B. Transfer books will close
on Tuesday. April 26, IS9S. at 3 o'clock p. m.
K. H. SHELDON. Secretnry.
SITUATwNS WASTED- FEMALE.
GERMAN pecond girl with references; also
Scandinavian cook, 4 years' reference, de-
sires situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Batter st.
SWEDISH houseglrl. good cook and laundress;
best reference; city or country, $20. MRS.
NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
FIRST-fLASS seamstress desires situation by
the day. MISS CI'LLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker; has returned to the
city; perfect fit guaranteed; latest designs;
a la mode; $1 2~< per day. f>36 Valencia st.,
between Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
FIKST-fLASS dress and cloak maker desires
a fey.- more engagements; SI 2.1 per day; city
or country. A.Mress box 1T49, Call office.
RESPECTABLE young girl wishes a situa-
tion to assist In general housework. Ad-
dress Glrard House, Box 1564, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS Scandinavian fflr! wishes posi-
tion as chambermaid or housework; wages
$20 to $25. Address 6i".6 Minna st.
GIRL wishes to do general housework; is will-
ing an<l obliging; has good reference. Call at
31 Fourteenth st., near Folsom.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker, good fitter;
dresses made over; suits made 2 days. 36
Lexington aye., near Eighteenth.
TOUNG Viennese lady wishes position as
housekeeper or companion in family. Box
1645, fall office.
YOUNG plil wants to do light housework or
to take care of lor 2 children. 10 Thirteenth
Bt., upstairs.
YOUNG r";istprn woman, Is first-class cook and
laundress, city or country; good reference.
362 Jessie st.
WOMAN for general housework; $12; city or
country. 264FV6 Tehama st.
RELIABLE young German woman wishes a
place to <lo housework where she can take
her c-hil'l 1 years old; Wages $10 to $12 month.
Call or address 1304 Ninth St.
LADY of experience as housekeeper or as gov-
erness and care of young children; muMc;
city or country: references exchanged. E.
A., Box 1E76, Call office.
TRUSTWORTHY German widow wants house-
keeper's position; small family; no objection
to country; no cards answered. Box 1571. Call.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires position in hotel,
restuurant or boarding house; wages not leas
than $8 a week; age 35. Address box 1639, Call.
AJ\ experienced designer and dressmaker de-
sires dressmaking in families, $2 a day. Box
1576. Call office.
AN English girl wishes situation to do sec-
ond work In private family; good references.
1103 Pierce s>t.
TOUNO woman wants situation to do cooking
and housework: hns good reference; city or
country. Call 904 Laguna st. ; wages $20.
YOUNG girl wishes a place to assist In light
housework; no washing. Call at 327 Clemen-
tina st.
YOUNG woman would like position as seam-
stress or to do second work. 101 Eddy St.
YOUNG woman would like to do darning or
plain mending at home. Call or address 1316
Vallejo st.
COMPETENT woman for general housework
.and cook. Call for 2 days, S29A Howard st.
COMPETENT clrl desires position to do up-
stairs work and waiting; best reference.
Please call 925 Harrison st. ; no postals.
COMPETENT person wants sit alon as nurse;
excellent reference. Call at former employ-
er's. 2tiw Jackson st.
YOUNG lady, good stenographer, typewriter or
assistant bookkeeper, desires position; salary
K> per week, best of references. Address box
1652. Call.
WANTED— Washing, Ironing or house-clean-
ing by the day. good reference. MRS. M. E.
JENSEN. 15 Minna St.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese employir.ortt office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE. Chln-se Employing Office; choice
help: tel. Grant f>' Geo. Aokl. 30 Gear- «t.
EASTERN couple, wife first-class cook and
hniißokeeper: man thorough home man, good
milker, desires position as washman and
cook, or take care of residence during ab-
Mencf: Al Eastern reference. C. B. E.
HOUSE, 1667 Minna st.
GERMAN, generally useful, understands gar-
dening, take care of horses; can milk; ref-
erences: wages moderate. M. M., 674 Six-
teenth st. East Oakland.,
NO.l accountant and collector desires position;
satisfactory services or no salary; very best
references. Address box ISI9, Call office.
YOUNG man of 30, married, wishes situation;
wholesale or retail houFp; best references.
Address box 1635. Call office.
BLACKSMITH wants work In a wagon shop,
or ns tool sharpener in a mine. . Address
Blacksmith, 949 Howard st.
GARI'KXKR, singip man, wants situation;
first-class references. Box 1570, Call office.
WISHES position as special policeman or
watchman. Box 1569, Call office.
UPHOLSTERER. German, young man, wants
situation. GSG Mission St.
MIDDLE-AGED man. since many years con-
nected with the management of lodging-
houses and thoroughly trustworthy, wants
employment; references given. Address box
1574, Call.
POSITION wanted by first-class stenographer
and bookkeeper; good references; 2 years' ex-
perience. Box 1638. Call office.
MAN and wife (middle-aged) want positions on
a chicken ranch; good fruit-grower and wine-
maker; wife good cook. also first-class
n.t ■illewnnrnn; good references. Box 166G,
Call Oftice.
COOK, good all around, first baker and pastry
cook, wants situation, city, country or steam-
ship, by Ist of May. X. , box 107;.. Call.
MAN and wife went situations as cooks In
boarding house; city or country. Box 1667.
Call Oftice.
YOUNG man wants work; handy at paper
hanging, painting, whitening: city or coun-
try; will work reasonable. Box 1648, Call.
SITUATION aB janitor by first-class painter
and paper-hanger; used to general jobbing
work. H. 8., Frultvale P. O.
EXPERIIiiNCED carpenter and builder and
fitter of stores and banks wants work; wages
moderate. Box 3305, Cnll office.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads takeu
SITVATiesa WANTED— Continued.
MIDDLE-AGED German: undersmnds garden-
ing care of horses, milk; long experience In
ra'slng poultry; private place preferred; best
references. Address C- S.. 631 Sacramento st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket. 20 rooms. 25c to $1 60 night; $150 to M
week, convenient _nd respectable: fr*« Dv»
and baggage to and from fer y.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
COOK and secolid^glri^ToTTllll Valley, see
party here. *2C and $25. MRS. NORTON,
323 Sutter st.
SECOND girl. $20; nurse girl. $20: German
housegirl, 2 in family.- MRS. NORTON, 323
Sutter st. _ '
COOK, country, $25: German housegirl, Ala-
meda. $20: I young h ..useglrls. $15 each;
housegirl, $2'\ 3 in family: fl housegirls, $20
each. MRS. NORTON, 32.; Sutter si.
WAITRESS, I nth. Bet party here. S2O. 5 wait-
resses, country- hotel, )B>: waitress, city,
$20; chambermaid and wait, $2o; 3 restau-
rant waitresses. $6; i restaurant waitresses,
$: 2 waitresses, $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
THREE waitresses in nice country hotel; fare
paid; $20: call -early. G. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
FOREWOMAN for hotel laundry who thor-
oughly understands marking; $S5 and found;
see rarty here U a. m. C R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
GERMAN cook, *25: house girl, $25; German or
Swedish girl. $25, country: 10 house girls
$20; 2."> houpe eirls, $15 to -'20; second girl,
Oakland, $13. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
EXPERIENCED woman to mark and distrib-
ute in a laundry; $9 a week; board and room.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
TYPEWRITER and stenographer to assist
with office work. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary St.
COOK, country. *40: second girl, same house,
$25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
SEAMSTRESS. '$25. MISS CULLEX, 325 Sut-
ter Bt.
REFINED German nurse, child 3 years old,
and sew, Portland, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
GERMAN or Swedish housework girl. $25, 2 in
family. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN or Swedish glrU" chamberwork, $20,
first-class private family; laundress, same
house. $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
YOUNG girl, light work, $15. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
REFINED German or French waitress and
seamstress. $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
REFINED German or French nursery gov-
erness. $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FOR country; waitress, private family, $25;
German nurse and seamstress, $20; second girl
and seamstress, $25; cook, small wash, $30;
.girls for cooking and housework, Santa
Rosa, $25; Alameda, $20 and $25; Callstoga,
$20; Healdsburg. $20; San Auselmo, 20; ook,
country hotel, $25, and others. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
GERMAN nurse and seamstress, $20; 3 Ger-
man. French and Protestant second girls. $20
and $25; 4 cooks, $25 and $30; 2 restaurant cooks,
$7 and $S week; 4 waitresses and chamber-
maids, $18, $20 and $5 week, and girls for
housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316
Sutter st.
LADIES' Select Exchange, managed exclu-
sively by ladles; strictly confidential In Its
operations; situations secured for teachera,
jrovernesses, companions, bookkeepers, clerks,
salesladies, copyists, trained nurses; member-
ships issued, including all commercial posi-
tions; investigate. 313 Bush st.
LADIES' Commercial Employment Exchange;
strictly first-class; 25 years' experience in
the largest business centers; modern in all
departments. 313 Bush st.
GIRLS, girls— Wanted, several for good places,
$20 per month. MRS. SANFORD'S Employ-
ment Bureau and Ladies' Exchange, 847
Broadway, Oakland.
COOK and laundress. San Mateo, 3 in family.
$30. MRS. LAURENCE, 306 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS waitress, San Mateo, $25. MRS
LAURENCE, 306 Sutter st
WANTED— IOO prepossessing young ladies to
take part In the grand march at the bal
marque to be given by the Golden Gate As-
sociation Saturday evening, April 30, at Me-
chanics 1 Pavilion. Apply bet. 11 and 12 m. at
room 1009. Claus Spreckels building, to-day.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; must
understand German cooking; references.
Call 8 to 12 a. m.. 1123 Laguna st.
NEAT girl 15 years to assist light housework
and children; $8. 1542 Railroad aye., corner
Stanton St., Alameda.
WANTED— Young girl for housework: wages
$15. STALLMAN, Caroline st., near Kings
aye., Alameda.
Y'TNG German girl to assist In light house-
work. 3443 Sixteenth st., corner of Sanchez.
GIRL or woman for housework. 716 Green St.,
between Powell and Mason.
A NEAT girl for light housework. Apply 130S
Ellis st., wages $12.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework;
small wages. 2635 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED operators on silk waists and
skirts. Apply bet. 11 and 12 at 18 First st.
WANTED— A competent young girl for general
housework, wages $20. Apply bet. 10 and 12
a. m. at 2114 Central aye., bet. Clay and
Washington.
GIRL wanted to learn dressmaking. 2130
Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. Call 11
Sixth st.
WANTED— Young lady cook, mining camp.
Address W. S.. box 1656. Call office.
YOUNG girl for housework; no cooking. Call
forenoon, 162S Sutter st.
WANTED — A first-class millinery trimmer for
Sacramento. Apply 523 Market St., room 7.
from 2 to 3 p. m.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School, 1079 Market
st.; perfect fit; no trying on: trial free.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist, 1020 Market
St.; monthly troubles, etc., cured at once.
LEARN dressmaking nnd millinery; position*
free: patterns ?sc. McDOWELL'S. 103 Poit.
HELP WANTED— MALU.
1023 MARKET— Headquarters for hotel, restau-
rant and shop -positions; Investigate.
1023 MARKET— Cooks, waiters, butlers, carv-
ers, porters, packers' headquarters.
1023 MARKET^Reorganlzed; the best Is the
cheapest; employment for men and women.
HEADQUARTERS the only membership com-
mercial employment bureau on the Pacific
Coast. Sl3 Bush st.
1355 IN 6 months; evidence of popularity, hon-
esty, system. The Clerks' Association," exclu-
sively commercial, 313 Bush st.
MEMBERSHIPS only; weekly benefits when
out of work after 3 months; Investigate.
Clerks' Association (incorporated). 313 Bush.
OFFICE clerks, assistants, bookkeepers, time-
keepers, hotel clerks, traveling salesmen,
drivers, porters, find paying, steady positions
313 Bush st.
GARDENER wanted, competent man for gar-
den and general orchard work. SANFORD'S
EMPLOYMENT BUREAU, 847 Broadway-
Oakland.
COOK and wife for a country hotel, $80, see
party here; head and second cook, $100; sec-
end cook who can bake, $40, hotel near city;
German second cook, hotel, $60; baker's
helper, $15; dishwasher, country hotel $20
fare advanced. C. R\ HANSEN & CO 104
Geary st.
BLACKSMITH for a railroad camp. $40 and
found, see boss here this morning; black-
smith for a railroad camp. $2 25 to $2 50 a
day. C. R. HANSEN & CO. 104 Geary st
HARNESS-MAKER for a camp. $1 25 to 11 50
a day and board. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
SWISS milker, $20; farmer. $20. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
2 IRONERS, hotel laundry, B. C. $30 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 10* Geary st.
10 MORE pick-and-shovel men for railroad
work, to go to-day. C. R. HANSEN A CO..
104 Geary st.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter. young
man. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
STEWARD to take charge of dining-room and
kitchen for a summer resort hotel. $50 and
found. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
SALOON lunch cook. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
CONFECTIONER and pastry cook for a
restaurant, $70 and board. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Ironer for laundry. '1 50 to $2 50
clay; 2 elevator boys, $10 and found; butter-
maker. T3O; 2 German fanners for nursery,
$2<>: vegetable gardener for resort. $20; miner,
$T>o: 6 laborers, $1 75 day; and others. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento St.
WANTED— Bellboy. $10 and board; coffee sa-
loon waiter, $35; restaurant waiter, country.
$25; restaurant cooks. $30 to $35 and found;
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Man to milk 12 cows and make but-
ter lor small private dairy. $2i per month;
milker who can do some butchering, for
Sonoma Co., $25: 3 milkers. $15 to $20; 3 farm
hands, $15 to $20; German second waiter for
hotel In city. $20; waiter, country hotel. $25.
fare advanced: choreman for private place
in city, $10 per month and found; dishwashers
and others. W. 11. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay st.
COOK, boarding-house. $40; waiter. $25; la-
borer, $1 75 a day; carpenter, $2 50 a day;
painter, $25; ship calker. coal miners. K.
T. WARD & CO., 608 and 610 Clay St.
HELP WASTED— Continued.
A— C-VRPENTER for a ranch; carpenter for
building kneef of boats; blacksmith, country
shor MURRAY & READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents. 634-636 Clay st.
A— TO THE GREAT RAILROADS
55 teamsters and laborers: call early MUR-
RAY A READY, Leadlne Employment
Agents. 634-ti26 Clay St.
a— BARTENDER. $30 and found and increase,
city Job MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
i 77^ DAY $1 " 5 DAY
"w testers --"" I" 6 la bo < era
for a (rreat corporation. $1 is day, excep-
, f .°o r good 21 job. MURRAY '& READY Lead-
ing Employment Agents. 634-636 Uai st.
A-16 COOKS^ - — — Z " waiters
hooibKck-^ - 10 farm hand 3
ftSf^nd wife --— 26 woodchoppers
63 tiemakers 1° coal miners
Mt-RRAY'V°READY l^adlng Employment
' Agents. 634-626 Clay st. ■
WANTED- Waiter for short order house. $35;
Dot to wait on table. $20: second butler. $2d:
valet for gentleman. $30; butler, middle-aged
man. $35: German cook, $60: young :Gen«m
man private house, $10: man and wife for
smaVl vineyard. $30. ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton.
BELLBOY; $10 per month and found. MRS.
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st,. -
BOY to drive wagon. $10 and found, near city.
HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
WANTED— good barber in a country town.
Apply S. GROSSMAN. 130 Ninth st.
COAT pants and west-makers. REISS BROS.
& CO., 24 Sutter st. '
EXPERIENCED feeder. PACIFIC PRINTING
CO.. 541 Clay st. ' ' ■ ■ .
METAL spinner wanted; also good tinsmith.
685 Mission St. . ,
GOOD steady presser on coats. 560 Fourth
St.. near Brannan.
STRONG and Intelligent young man, |ea-"i
upholstering and carpet trade^ 1512 PolK st.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday.
227 1 * Second St. '
WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday.
803 Kearny st.
GOOD bootblack wanted; steady Job. 104S Mc-
Allister st.
WANTED — Shoemaker with seme means to
take charge, of shop. 423 A Jones st.
EXPERIENCED pitch vein coal miners at
Tesla. Alameda County. 45 miles from San
Francisco; steady work: good wages; only
good miners need apply. Address TESLA,
COAL CO.. room 515, 328 Montgomery. S. F.
MAN in wine house as barkeeper: understands
mixing drinks; act indoor salesman; one
being working in this line of business, with
good, steady references; German speaking
preferred. Box 1640. Call office.
WANTED— Upright persons to travel; salary
$780 and expenses; references; inclose self-ad-
dressed stamped envelope. THE DOMINION
COMPANY, Chicago.
LADIES' tailor; must be first-class workman:
good wages. Apply Emporium Dressmak-
ing Department. #
BARBER shop. 2 chairs. 2 baths. Central Cal-
ifornia, for sale, exchange: no Sunday work.
DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis St.
WANTED— A domestic dry goods salesman
for Sacramento. Apply from 2 to 3 p. m..
No. 523 Market st. room 7.
GOOD waiter wanted 105 Second st.
STRONG young man with some experience in
pants pressing. 47 Third st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United Stat°a
marine corps, United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages r>t
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of tha
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet in height. For
further information apply at the recruiting
office, 20 Ellis st.. San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to kn «r
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. South K2S.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., n>>ar
Market; 200 rooms, 2."c a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 1.15.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia, Europe. Herman's, 26 Steuart st.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 138^ Eighth st.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764V4 Mission:
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 2oc per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
ROSEDALE House, 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night: $1 to $4 Week; hot and cold baths.
SINGLE rom?, 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard st*.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st.. below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
SOO PAIR of men's new and second-hand shoe*
half price; half-soling, 35c. 959 Howard st.
AGENTS "WANTED.
A FEW energetic men and women can secura
remunerative employment with a patriotic*
fraternal insurance order now being intro-
duced Into San Francisco and Northern Cal-
ifornia. Call 2 to 4 p. m. 435 California st.
B. F. FIELD.
LADY and gentleman to canvass for a society.
Apply at room 25, 21 Powell St., between 2
and 4.
AGENTS attention — The war is on and every-
one wants the History of Our Navy, by
John R. Spear: over 400 illustrations; sold on
W>c monthly payments: including one year's
free subscription to Scribner's Magazine.
Call or write, Scribner's Magazine, 119-121
Phelan Bldg.. San Francisco, Cal.
EXPERIENCED solicitor; staple article: can.
invest in business if desired. Box 1642, Call. '
LADIES and gents to canvas for "The Rent
Saver"; salary. The Chicago Parlor Bed
Chair Co.. 1463 Market st.
WANTED— Canvassers for coal oil. Apply F.
B. Joyce Oil Co.. Seventh and King sts.
DO you want employment? Call or address
LBFFLER. 323 O'Farrell St., 7 to 9 a. m.
PARTNERS WANTED.
$2500— Partner for wholesale and manufactur-
ing business: energetic business man. Ad-
drees Box 1676. Call Office.
FURNITURE WANTED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion st.; tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery st. : highest prices paid. Tel Davis 71.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— FIat of 3 or 4 roOmi and bath:
north of Market, sunny sUle; good location:
reasonable rent. Address 2:31 Fin>- st.
ROOMS AND BOARD AVWTED.
wXNTED^Room and board for father and!
children in respectable family; no other chil-
dren- with yard: nenr Howard or Mission,
bet. Fourth and Fifth. Box IK6I. Call.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WAMTED- B >' Wig crows. T. M. fEUGU-
SON, Tl'J Market st.
TVAN'TFD^Sccond-han.l tank and windmill.
Address box R- West Berkeley.
"PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus: aecoaj-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
PAWVBROKF.R— OId gold. silver, cast-oft
clothing bought. Ad>l COLKMAN. 41 Third.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post. Book-
keeping business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es-electrical, civil and mining engineering:
surveying assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100
graduates placed since 1802; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st. ;
individual Instruction in shorthand, tvplng,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; life scholar-
ship. $50; low rates per week and month.
DANCING taught at pupils' homes by pro-
fessional; terms very reaaonable. Address
Box 1663. Call Office.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newel Perry. Ph. 8., Fel-
low In Mathematics. U. C, 2407 S. Atherton,
nr. Charming way. Berkeley; write forclrculr.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572. 853 Market St.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day A eve ;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
VOICE culture, piano. Paris graduate; French.
Spanish; new classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
THE Lyceum (accredited) prepares for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges. Phelan bdg.
MONTGOMERY. 527. cor. Clay-Open until 9:30
o clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrlp-
tlnns and \yant ads taken.
PHYSICIANS.
M C li CVC V ? D £- NELL. otLce and residency
' U<X Market; , diseases of women a specialty.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and ' rented ; few partly
used for ■ sale - cheap: send for • samples * and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 MonUomar-R.i INES.S CHANCES. ,
$250— CORNER cigar store; neat place; ■ excel-
lent location; receipts $300 to $35u per month;
positive proof; death owner causes sacrifice.
M. LESS. 7G5 Market si.
$"S— SALOON: good location: south of Market;
4 living rooms: rent $10; must be sold at once;
owner going north ; bargain. M. LESS, 765
Market st. ■ ■■ ■ -
$100— PAYING cigar store, stationery, notions;
6 living rooms; rent $20; invoice value of |
stock $135: investigate; satisfy yourself. M. I
LESS. 765 Market st.
$330— UAUUEK shop; Western Addition; 3
chairs; rent $30; business and stock -would
Justify investment of $600; proof furnlsht 1
through trial. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$250— PAYING provision store; 3 furnished
rooms; line location; big outside route; horse
and wagon; genuine bargain. M. LESS. 765
Market st.
THE best located restaurant on Market St., i
doing a first-class paying business; other |
business compels owner to sell; a rare
chance. WILKE, 753 Market st.
JISCO— SALOON; only day l.us'..iess: choicest lo- I
cation In this city; rent $40; dally receipts
$22: large stock: fine fixtures; owner com- \
pe.lled to leave the city at once. Particulars ■
WILKE, 783 Market st.
$150— BRANCH bakery and delicacy store- aver- j
age receipts J^; nice living rooms; rent ' $15; I
stand fullest Investigation; trial given; owner I
leaving city. WILKE. TS3 Market st. . .-
ADJUSTABLE window shade ho'der— now •
fully prepared to sell State rights on the i
most reasonable terms; this has no opposi-
tion; sells at sight; highly appreciated and
■ mended by the leading people of the
I nlt<-il States and Canada; write at once
and get your choice of States. WILKK. 7!>3
Market s-t.
$350— PARTNER wanted in old-established and
money-making saloon, few doors from Claus
Spreckels building: the best offer for the
right party; clear profit >:: per month guar-
anteed. See WILKE. 788 Market st.
KREDO A CO., Successful Brokers. 22H
Geary st. ..-Maneous business chances.
$.-.o— Grocery and bar: fine cor.; living rooms.
$375— Home restaurant: finest; best paying.
$32."— Combination store; grocery; restaurant,
furnished fiat.
j:,on_stationery. books. Call and laundry
office.
$200t>— Florist and nursery; 2 acres under glass.
J.liO— kblndery; best equipped on coast.
$4."Co— Steam laundry: plant and buildings.
$.00— Photograph gallery; oldest on coast.
jGOOrt— MEDICAL Mfg Inc.; IS. OOO sharei
value II; large salary for right man; value
'--. In ; stock.'. KREDO & CO., 22U Geary st:
$45P— BKST shooting gallery; cigar stand pays
rent; clears $150. KREDO ft CO., 22V4 Geary.
$325— ' •'<■'.. $10 rooms; dining-room and bar: 30
steady boarders. KKEDO & CO., 22>,<i Geary.
$250— Pork, and delicacy; 3 living-rooms; cheap
rent; good business; KREDO & CO., 22-.
Geary st.
$So<>. COUNTRY store and blacksmith shop
complete, with acre of land, with the prop-
erty to 1 lild on, worth $2000. McLAUGHLIN
& CO., 23 Kearny st.
$250 — PARTNR wanted in restaurant business:
cook preferred. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 23,
Kearny st. '
$250— BRANCH bakery and variety store: bar-
gain; this day. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23
Kearny st.
GROCERY and bar. Filbert and Powell sts.,
for sale; bids received nn.l opened Monday, :
II a. m. Invoice and particulars at room 614,
Claus Spreckels building.
$20f>— BARBER shop for sal?, on account death,
at Mill Valley; thorough investigation. In- I
quire of MRS. TIPPING.
$15P— STEADY man with small capital; profit- I
able investment in cash business; good se-
curity. Box 1573, Call.
FOR SALE— CaII route at Ban Jose; for. par-
ticulars apply at Call business office or to E.
F. PIERCE, San Jose.
PARTNER wanted In dyeing . ;.nd cleaning
works; must be a dyer. !'23 Folsom st. .
TO let— Completely furnished 10-room house. :
beer garden and family resort. MRS. BOEK-
ELMANN, Lorln Station. Berkeley.
A— s3oo; PARTNER wanted; $1S to $30 .1 week
each; no previous experience required. 9
Geary St., room 2.
CORNER grocevy and bar. living rooms, for
sale;-investigate.. 117 Fillmore st. - .
BOARDING-HOUSE sold to-day; sickness
cause. Inquire meat market, 576 Howard st. i
; FOR SAL] — Restaurant on street car line; a
bargain. Inquire at 753 Market St., basement.
SHOEMAKER'S shop for sale cheap; good lo-
cation. Call 604 Ellis st.
PARTNER wanted for the mines. Apply 1119
Fell for all Information.
, _^_^________ — __ f
.mi;.\ , '".*'*iV
LANDS In tropical Mexico for rais-
ing coffee, nug-ar. tobacco, rubber, vanilla, I
etc.: targe' and small tracts. For further In-
formation apply to Mex. Com. Co., 76 Chroni-
cle building, representing the Int. Land and 1
Col. Co. of Mexico City. Mexico.
A— SSOo— CORNER grocery and bar; without
doubt one of the best business corners.
$2*X>— Partner wanted: commission business. ;
1300 — Saloon; old-established; good corner, '
and other bargains in saloons, bakeries and
restaurants. ANDERSON ft CO., 777 Market. ;
FOR SALE — Bakery and confectionery; well
established and paying business. Box 1636 i
Call office.
$bu— LAUNDRY route, horse, wagon, etc.; must
be so!J this week. Apply 2882 Sixteenth st.
FOR sale— Tailor shop of the late J. R. SUND-
BERG. 32!-., Geary st., room 42.
BARBER shop for sale; established 9 years, i
Apply at 103 Eddy st. •
CORNER saloon, good location, on ■ account
other business; reasonable. Albany Brewery.
PARTNER- In a good manufacturing business;
capital required, from ISM to $10,000, full
amount to be invested in trie business; every-
thing ready to operate; open to fullest inves-
tigation. Address -Manufacturer, box 1719
Call office. . .
I SUCCESSFUL arid long-established plumbing
• business offered for sale; rood opportunity
for one or more parties; good reason for sell- '•
ing and price asked is all in Fl^ht In up-to-
date stock; principals only need apply. Box
PAYING grocery: fresh stock; fixtures, horse,
wagon; doing good cash business; satisfactory'
reasons for selling; price $S00; sell by inven-
tory; good investment. .1. P. JOHNSTON &
CO ., £72 Broadway, Oakland.
GOOD paying grocery business; living rooms In
-j. rear; bargain. Apply Call office.
LARGE cor. saloon opp. factory; present owner'
here 10 years; retiring from business; receipts '
$12 a day; can be Increased. 1121 Harrison st.
FOR SALE— Small manufacturing business:
the only one on the coHst; 200 customers-
small capital. 515 Eighth st., Oakland.
TO LET— established corner' (tore, with
fixtures for grocery and bar. Twelfth and
Folsom sts. . ■ ,
BUSINESS or partnership wanted where ser-
vices and $00 will be useful. Box 1668. Call.
REFINED gentleman desires a lady partner
in e.-'.xblished business. Box 1650. Call Office.
$COO to $1000; city lots to exchange for business
or property. Box 1.",37, Call office.
HALF inter. in millinery store; bargains for
right party. Box 1575. Call office.
GOOD hydraulic mine; work year round; fully
equipped. Box 1544, Call office.
BALOON for sale; $150. 427 4th st.
AN old-established business; doing a large
business; clears $200 to $250 per month; thor-
ough Investigation. Box IC9I. Call office.
FINE saloon on front for woman or man.
Particulars National Brewery. .. .
8 VALUABLE mother lode mining claims for
sale or exchange. Suite 163, Grand Hotel.. .
$1200— IMPROV1.D placer and quartz m4ne;
quartz treated free; free water for placer;
satisfactory reasons for selling. -Address box
3288. Call office.
SALOON for Bale, on account of leaving city;
rent $20. 42 Spear st. ■
TO let— Coal yard, with stable of 20 .stalls; old-
established; rent reasonable. 2622 Mission st.
PATENTSr-SMITH & < 'SHORN, Regisfd Pat.
Agents; established lh«2. 319 Pine st.. city.
r'-Fl-E and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'B. 415 Sacramento s».
i.oi;oi\. HOUSES FOll SALE.
2S-ROOM house; worth $1500; price ...... '.s-475
17-rooms house. In payments..-. ....' .',•..
44 rooms; sunny corner.. 1500
14 rooms; corner house; new and good . 400
17-room house; rent $35; clears $&0...'. . CM I
3S-room house; clears $100: $500 cash.... 1000 ,
10-room bouse; new and good; Ellis 5t.... 850
H. C. DECKEB & CO.. IQ2Q. Market at.
A— ECRSPO .v CO.. successful brokers. ' 22!* i
Geary st. * ■ . ■ . -.-t I
110 rooms; safe investment: clears $250. $4500 •
40 rooms; sunny corner; transient...;.. 2000 '
16 rooms; Market; central; all full . 700
10 rooms; Ellis; new. and good .:..-.. ' '325'
7 rooms; Market: offices pay rent...... .200 i
Hundreds of others at your own price.
$400— LODGING-HOUSE of 16 rooms, well fur-
1 nifched and full of roomers. 136 Sixth st.
FURNITURE I'Oal . ALE. •
ON account of breaking up housekeeping will
seli entire household furniture very cheap ;
consisting of parlor, dining-room and kitchen
furniture. 2226U Geary et.; call in th« fore-
noon until 1 o'clock. ■
FOR SALE at a bargain, furniture of 6-room j
cottage; complete for housekeeping. 1413
Jackson St., from 1 to E. ■■ -
FOR SALE— Brand new furniture; 5 rooms: ex-
«— n«nt bargain. Call 2 to 5, 3103V4 Buchanan.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES. '
PASSENGERS direct to Alaskan gold nelds-A
mining company, owning their -river steam-
boat and having chartered the schooner Dora
Bluhm, ■ to sail from" San Francisco .May 5,
will take a few passengers direct to the Alas-
kan ; srol.i 'fields. For all particulars call.- on
W. E. CLOW. Palace Hotel, between 1 and
2- Or 7 and '9 p. m. ■ • • ■
CARPENTERS^ blacksmiths, plumbers and
good men at general work who are going to
Dawson can on- the way up work out $150 of
their fair, via St. Michael: leave May 1. Ap-
| ply The Gold Star Co., Mills building. S. F.
VERY cheap passage for man and wife to
Dawson City; some work. Box 1654. Call.
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY. Battery and Jackson sta.
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing-vessels and
launches for nale. • H. O. SHAW. 4 Putter st.
—————— ——————— — — —
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling rood upright pianos for $6
! cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
I gate and approve this method. Prices are the
I same as if purchased for alt cash. Bargains
I in good second-hand uprights up n same easy
payments and some good plane* for $3. $4 and
$- per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stolnway dealers, corner ICearny and gutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
i Broadway. Oakland. •
I ABSOLUTELY the oldest r.ndl lrrgest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE S.
26 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
NEW FIRM ~ ' NEW NUMBER.
NEW GOODS. NEW PRICES
Repairing and tuning a specialty. Our
prices can not be equaled in Pan Francisco.
SCOTT-CU RTAZ PIANO CO. 560 Hayes St.
AN 'up to date concert, day and night, all
week at Twenty-fourth and Mission, East
Oakland. Lorln. and at Hocliett Bros." Co..
••Crown" agents. 230 Post st. .
i A STEINWAY piano for $100; a dickering for
$ r 0- examine list of bargains his week. THE
F. W. SPENCER CO.. 933 Market st.
' SOIIMER & CO. Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans,
Briggs an.l other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 30S, 310, 312 Post st.
"AD" smallest; price lowest: $2 and up per
month. ' HEINE, 136 EHis st. ;
I A FINK Chase Bros, and a Stelnway cheap
! for cash. Call early, room 12 Flood building.
FINE large upright; sacrifice... 120 McAllister
st., fiat No. 1.
I \ GOOD upright, very cheap. 16 McAllister
j St.. next Hlbernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
■ HORNUNG's new scale pianos: an unpre-
I cedented success. 21.6 McAllister st.
SPECIAL low pricoa on all pianos until May 1.
Z. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7™ Market st.
AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos; second-hand
pianos, $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON,. 324 Post.
, KNABB pianos; new scale; .ew .styles.
KOHLER & CHASE,. 30 O'Farrell st. ■ :
! SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old .- nd new. . H.
| MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST' and best In "America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
111 USES.
FOR SALE — Horses: small pet mule.- suitable
for children, only $10. 3263 Mission st.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds: 40 horses must sell. Emporium sales
! yards, 220 Valencia St., T. P. NEVILE. - .
140 *T<">Rf 9 for. sale: also wagons, buggies,
I carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth St., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FRESH milch cows, driving, horses & donkeys
for «ale cheap. Heran's Yds.. ICth & Bryant.
JUST arrived— so horses, mules, burros. 721
Howard st:: auction every Tuesday. '
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.!
2 FINE laundry wagons; cash or 'installments.
1631 Mission st.
SPECIAL "sale of harness and vehicles. L'«-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkin. opp. City Bail.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments: 1 fine top and opeo
buggy: also 1 hack.. S2S Harrison st. . .-. . .
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
NOTICE to physicians— The office fixtures. In-
cluding library and surgical Instruments, be-
longing to the estate of the late DR. ED-
WARD' PARSON,- and now contained In
rooms 24 and 26, Phelan building, are for
sale. Bids or offers for the same will be .re-
ceived up to May 2, IS9S. at the office of the
undersigned. A. 'C. FREESE. administrator
. f the estate of EDWARD PARSON, de-
Bed. at room 35, Chronicle building, where
, fuUJaformatlon.ln regard, to the same can be
obtained. . A. C. F.-EESE. Adminis-
trator of the estate of EDWARD PARSON,
1 deceased. .-...-.■ . .
I TWO young St. Bernard dogs cheap. liOl Grove
street.- . .. . ,
$65— UPRIGHT piano: good condition; $5 down,
i $4 per month. 225 Sutter st.
I mm
; LARGE dog suitable for Alaska. 255 Jessie St.
SMITH Premier typewriter; use for one month;
i fo: sale cheap. 25518 Market. st. .
SINGER sewing machine, 7 drawers, oak fin-
ish, nearly new; cheap. 1915 Mission Ft. ;
! J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
. building material. 1124 Mission; Tel So. 787.
CHEAP— A Phoenix bicycle In perfect order.
Apply box 1699. Call office. '
BOILERS, engines. 2d hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH * WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl.
goods; new, 2d hand. Smith Co., 527M!sslon.
BARS, hark bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, r office furniture, store and
office furniture' and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission ft., above sixth.
FOR $s"up; good' second-hand sewing
machines: bargains in new machines which
have been returned for non-payment. A. C.
BROWN. 1360 Market st. " ' ■•
GAS fixtures' Very low: large assortment; 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. C 23 Golden Gate aye.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, b?lts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st. ■ 
SAFES— New and second-hand: • cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe. Mafc, 533 Sacramento:
i SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES, $10: Records, $5 per doz.;
Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl. 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck. letter-press.
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, - shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, boughtT~sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth St.; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing; lowest rates. 203 Fourth st. ..
CARPE- CLEANING. ,
CITY Steam Carpet- eanlng Works; . cleans,
moves, lays carpet- C H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth at.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become ; distrusted ' Ith poor work
, send to .SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
■ .ting Works, 313-57 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
I CARPETS cleaned,- reno\ated like now J
McQUEEN. 453 ..tevenson St.: tel. S. 228.
ADVANCE , Car Cleaning Co.. "402 Sutter:
tel. Main 394. . GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat-
ing, alteration, wka. 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per Yard; relald at 3c
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944
GREAT • Eastern . aui Carpet - Cleaninir
Works, 14 Sth St. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201
J.- E. MITCHELL Cr^et-Cleanlng Co., 2-i) 14th
St.: cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.> , -
CONKLINS Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate avp.: East 126. ■ ••■ , ... ...
;.,,- ..... -DENTISTS. -, - .... -■ •; ■
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
i plates; light and thin; warranted ten years-
• teeth -without plates, crown -and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, ' crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st.; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists— Painless extraction. 50c-
'teeth, per set, $5 to. $10;. gold oJllng3. $1 'up;
, silver, 60c up; artificial teeth repaired, $1 up;
our crown and bridge* work •Is the best:
j hours, 9 a.-m. to 9 p.m,; Sundays. 9 to 1.
Mission »t.. cor.. Sixth; branch, 371 Hayes.
• DR. LUDLUM'HILC. 1443 Market st, nr. llth:
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per get; extracting 50c; gas given.
I DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leekdent^
Ist, dlscoVerer of .' painless extraction ■ and
patentee 'of Improved bridge work or teeth
: without plate, moved from 6to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; - full set
of teeth, $6. up; fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
■ Ings. 937. Market St., corner Sixth. r. -.
: OHIO Dental Parlors. Sl9 Market. Academy. of
Sciences bldg.; 6th floor; painless dentletry.
L A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE,
' removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rrns, 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and : warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, : 1320 Market st . . .. , ' -..; ; ■
SET of teeth without a f plate. DR. H. .C.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
THE SAST FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 29, 1898.
HOISES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
EDDY, 1541— 2-story house, 6 large rooms; laun-
dry; basement; large yard.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye.. bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake: prices will surprise you.
MARCUSE & REMMEL. 628 Market st.
ENJOY good health; like living in the coun-
try; house, good condition, $S. 1555 Kearny.
LAGUNA. 1715— House of 8 rooms and bath,
yard, basement; latest Improvements; $30.
LINDEN aye., 331— 4 rooms and bath. Call at
32S Fell st.
NATOMA. 252. nenr Fourth— 3 rooms, every
convenience; rent $7.
SUNNY 7-room house: modern; rent cheap.
724 Broderick St., near McAllister.
TO LET— $2O a month, new modern 9-room
home, outside plumbing, French range,
stable, great supply pure mountain spring
water piped all through house and grounds;
j garden, soil; lot 180x112:6. 39 Lee aye.. opp.
Coursing Park, 2 blocks up; take Mlssion-st.
cars.
$15— TO LET; a 5-room house and good base-
ment at 10 Folsom aye., Folsom St., bet.
Seventh and Eighth
FIRXISHED HOISES TO LET.
AT Sutter, 717. near Taylor— Choice; elegant;
sunny; appreciated if seen; please investi-
gate: or furniture for sale cheap; optional.
MODERN 9-room fiat, well furnished, every
room, sunny, for 3 or 4 months; rent includ-
ing telephone, $65 per month. Apply on
1 premises, 936 Haight st.. near Broderick, be-
tween the hours of 12 and 2 p. m.
$100— Sl'> TAYLOR st.: completely furnished
sunny house, 10 rooms and bath. Call be-
tween 1:30 and 4 p. 111.
21S VAN NESS Six rooms, sunny corner: com-
plfctely furnished. $40.
COTTAGES TO LET.
BAKER, 1310 — Sunny cottage of 4 rooms; large
yard; stable; suitable for expressman.
SUNNY cottages of 4 i.nd 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment, yard, cheap. 1576 15th st., near Dolores.
; $14—5 ROOMS and bath; large yard. 917 Treat
I aye., near Twenty-second st.
$11— BAY-WINDOW cottage; nearly new; 4
rooms; water free. 109 Collins, near Geary.
FLaTS TO LET.
A RARELY beautiful fiat; NW. cor. Sutter and
Scott; 6 big looms; $2.".. Key 2300 Sutter St.
BAY-WINDOW sunny flat; 5 rooms, bath,
yard, etc.; grand view; rent reduced. 1061
Broadway.
CHEAPEST fiats in the city; 6 and 7 rooms
and bath; rent $1S and $20; Capp st., bet. 22d
and 23d. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
FLAT, 3 sunny rooms; newly renovated. 207
Shipley st.
' HOWARD, 539— Nice sunny flat of 5 rooms;
rent reduced; $14.
JESSIE, 4.".''-j -Sunny side; bay-window, 5-
I room fiat; rent reduced.
NEW flat, 4 large sunny rooms; yard, cellar.
3S Sharon, nr. 16th, bet. Sanchez and Church.
NICE flat of 6 rooms and bath to let at 927
Post st. ; rent J2S.
NICELY furnished flat; 5 rooms and bath. Ap-
! ply 111 Liberty st.
NINETEENTH', 3954. corner Noe— Lovely sunny
tower modern 4-room flat; $14; water free.
PEARL, 27. ■ X Market near Valencia- -Upper
I fiat of 3 sunny rooms in rear; $s.
1 PINE, 1228, near Hyde— Sunny flat of 6 rooms
and bath; rent Sis.
i POND, 47, off Sixteenth, half a block from
Market: upper modern sunny 6-room flat;
$15; water free.
SKK those beautiful flats in warm b"lt of Mis-
: newly tinted ;md painted throughout: 6
me, bath and latest Improvements; 1002
' and I^4 Dolores st., corner Twenty- third;
rent cheapest In city; upper reduced from $2.">
to 520 and lower reduced from 522 5o to tW;
now open for inspection. Apply MADISON
& P.U itKE
1 SULLIVAN, 221. near Stanyan— s rooms and
lath; water free; rent $14.
UPPER flat, 6 rooms, in good order: 1189 Fol-
s m st.. near Ninth: also store and 3 rooms,
yard and cellar; rent $12; 1257 Folsom st.
$10, FLAT of 5 rooms, clean, large yard; $0,
("ttage-of 4 rooms and cellar. 417 Green st.
LEGANTLY furnished new modern cor-
ner flat; 771 Piercp st.. cor. McAllister. No
: admittance without permit from C. J. CAMP-
BELL ''<'.. 224 Montgomery st.
! $.I— FLAT of 4 sunny rooms, for a small
family. IMS Minna st.. bet. 11th and 12th.
$12 — 4 sunny rooms: lower, $10. 131 Ivy aye.
$2^ — FLAT; 5 sunny rooms, bath; yard; mod-
ern. 11S3 Valencia, St.. near Twenty-third.
$20 — 2 NEW, modern sunny flats. S choice
rooms: porcelain baths, etc. 1706 Hyde Kt.
! '
FIRMSHED FLATS.
! SIS GROVE, bet. Webster and Fillmore— Sunny
furnished flat; fi rooms; piar.o; flower garden;
stable If desired; rent reasonable; references
given and required.
$50; ELEGANTLY furnished new modern
corner fiat. 771 Pierce st., cor. McAllister.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BUSH. 717—2 sunny rooms or for 2 gentlemen:
furnished; $x and $10 a month.
CALIFORNIA, 712, nr-ar Powell— 2 Bunny con-
necting front rooms, furnished or unfur-
| nished.
CLAY, 2415, near Fillmore — 4 sunny rooms;
fine yard.
; EDDY, 604 — 2 or more large sunny bay-window-
rooms, with kitchen; complete,* also piano;
reasonable.
EDDY, i<o4 — Sunny furnished bay-window room,
with kitchen, $15; also single rooms,
j EDDY, 917— Very pleasant nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; gas range; private
family.
FIFTH, 314—2 sunny front connecting house-
keeping rooms; bath; stove, closet; prlv.; $10.
FIFTH. XL.. Furnished double parlors, kit. h.-n,
$22; also 2 housekeeping, $12; single, $5 to $7.
FIRST, 3".", corner K'.lsom— Cheap, 5 rooms,
small, in excellent order; $8.
FOLSOM, 526— Large sunny furnished room;
light housekeeping; $1 50 a week.
FOLSOM. 646— Nice large front suite, complete
for housekeeping; quiet family; big yard.
FOLSOM. 974 — Sunny housekeeping room, com-
plete; rent reasonable; also single room.
FULTON, 41— Comfortably furnished front
room and kitchen; $12 month; private family.
GEARY, 5f.6, formerly 518 — Large sunny front
rooms; suites and single; also light housekpg.
GEARY. 1812%— 3 comfortable furnished ruums
for housekeeping; modern; $15.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 435— Sunny housekeeping
rooms: single rooms.
GOLDEN GATE, S22— Three sunny bay-window
rooms; complete for housekpg; nice location.
GROVE, 202, cor. Van Ness— Sunny unfurnished
8-room suites, with gas stove.
GUERRERO, 702 A —Double room; parlor; pia-
no; kitchen; private family.
HAVES, 735. near Webster— Front suite and
connecting room; now modern flat; gas stove.
HOWARD, 704. corner Third— Fine, large, sun-
ny rooms: also housekeeping; cheap.
HYDE, 511— Large sunny front room, furnished;
running water; closet; private family.
j HYDE, 1745— Housekeeping rooms; furnished
or unfurnished; cheap.
LARKIN. Xl— Newly furnished housekeeping
room, with gas stove; also single room.
LEAVENWORTH, 811, near Sutter— 4 furnished
h6usekeeplng rooms, $16 a month; bath; yard.
MASON. 1106—2 rooms suitable for housekeep-
ing; cheap.
MINNA, 2*l, corner Fourth— Front furnished
housekeeping, cheap; also double and single.
MIXNA, 454—2 furnished clean, sunny house-
keeping r(soms; In rear.
MINNA,. 469— Large* nicely furnished front
room; light housekeeping.
MISSION, 923^4—1 or' 2 completely furnished
sunny housekeeping suites; regular kitchen.
jiission, 1053 — 2 or 3 nicely furnished sunny
rooms; use of piano if desired; -cheap rent.
NOE. 151— Furnished, 2 bay-window rooms;
buuny; gas range, grate, Lath; }i«.
SEVENTH, 191— Two large rooms, $12; other
rooms, $ti and $7; complete for housekeeping.
SHOTWELL, 923— S nice unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; yard; cellar.
STEVENSON, 642, off 7th, nr. Market— Sunny
front room: kitchen, complete for houeekpg.
SUTTER. 2620— Sunny unfurnished parlors;
kitchen, laundry; use of bath; yard.
SOUTH PARK, IS4— 2 sunny front rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping.
TEHAMA, 466, upstairs— 2 rooms for light
housekeeping: rent $8 to $9 a month.
TEHAMA. 478, near Sixth— s sunny furnished
housekeeping, wlth^ kitchen; complete; $IS.
TENTH, 123, near Market— Large sunny bay-
window room, complete for housekeeping;
grate; closet.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued
TWELFTH, 230 C —3 very nice furnished house-
keeping rooms; gas stove; select -ocality; pri-
vate family. •
THIRD. - Furnished room, 'complete ■ for
housekeeping, $3; suites, 57 a month. 
THIRTEENTH, 179. near Howard— "unfur-
nlshed rooms; double parlors; rent $13. " ■ . :
VAN NESS aye.. 1021— Sunny front suite, 3 I
rooms and kitchen; gas range; piano.
$7 MONTH— . sitting and ' bedroom,
nicely furnished. Box 1542, Call office.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; : quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. Trunks
moved to any part of city. Joe; phone. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
eunny rooms, en suite and. single;' flrst-claji
in every respect; terms reasonable. ■
AT Hyde. 609; Sutter, 715-717-719— Furnished and
unfurnished; choice and sunny; reasonable. "
AT 242 Stockton sunny suites and single rooms.'
facing plaza; baths; by day or month.
BUENA Vista aye., 449— Ashbury Heights; un-
furnished upper flat 6 rooms, $16; 3 rooms,
ground floor, $9; grand view. <
BUSH, 718— A nice room", running water; bath,
etc. ; gentlemen only; private family.
DELAWARE, 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms.. $S and $10 mo.: nice suite*.
EDDY, 113— Neat sunny single, room for gen-
tleman; $5 50. . ;
EDDY. 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night,
60c to $1: week. $2 to $6: families.
EDDY, 614— One lrage and two small sunny
rooms, newly furnished; large closets, fold-
ing-bed, gas, bath; $6, $8 and $10; clean and
quiet. . '
ELLIS. 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class -sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $8. week.
ELLIS, 432— Sunny furnished and unfurnished
rooms; also nice housekeeping rooms; all
conveniences. ■ . .
ELLIS, 639, cor. Larkln— Sunny front room,
mantel, folding bed; gents preferred.
FIFTH, 107 — Pleasant sunny unfurnished
rooms to let. *■ • ■ • •
FIFTEENTH. 1579, near Mission— Two furnished
front rooms; suitable for man , and wife or
two men. ■
FOLSOM. Nice --' clean sunny furnished
rooms, $1 per week and upward. • •
FRANKLIN, 201— Newly furnished s-irst.v
front rooms; private, quiet- family; bath; $8
mouth. , ' ■ .
FULTON. 3. opp. City Hall— sunny
rooms; $S mo. up; bath and pas. ...
FULTON, 44S— Nicely furnished room, bay win-
dow facing on Octavia st; reasonable..
GEARY. 622— Newly furnished sunny bay-win-,
do* room; also single rooms; bath and gas.
GEARY, Nicely furnished rooms; gas and
bath; in private family.' ' , •
GEARY, 733- Private; bright suite and 1 single
room; newly furnished. . .
GEARY, SOl— Newly furnished bay window par-
lors; reasonable; .new corner flat. *i
GOLDEN GATE. 336— Sunny front rooms with
gas. $5 and $10; .suitable for gentlemen.
GOLDEN GATE. 730— Small furnished room;
light and pleasant. •
HANCOCK HOUSE, 7SI Mission: select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD. 715. ST. - DAVID'S — 200 rooms;
suites; single; sunny reading room; 25c up.
KEARNY, 104—3 unfurnished rooms and bath;'
$15, references exchanged, . .
LEAVENWORTH, 109— Larp^ . sunny :' double
room, suitable for. 2;. reasonable. ' r -,
MASON, IS (Silver State)— Ele.jruitly furnished
rooms, single by the week. $1 50 to $3: suites,
$4 to $6; baths; hot water; transient: elevator.
MCALLISTER, 511— Nicely furnished sunny
back parlor, suitable for 2; $8 per month.
MINNA, 419— Front room and kitchen, fur-
nished for housekeeping. ;"■ -.-..:■
O'FARRELL. 21"A Sunny bay-window front
room. $12; other rooms. $8 and $10.
O'FARRELL. 327— Large front room, hand-
somely furnished, $10 month* also single room.
O'FARRELL, — Two sunny front rooms,
newly furnished, modern Improvements; rent
reasonable.- .. - .
O'FARRELL, 770 — Handsome sunny suite of
parlors; "running water; _ grate ;• bath; gas;
private family. ' •
O'FARRELL. SIC — Sunny front parlors suitable
(or physician; no other roomers.
O'FARRELL. 1 — New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
Single rooms: bath and gas; rent , reasonable.
PINK. 1ft!544— Larger or ; small sunny.- furnished
front room in family of 2; nice ■ home for
yoims working girl: reasonable rent.
POLK, 17— Front, double rooms; single, $1 : to
$3 week. ' . .
POLK. 607— Front sunny furnished rooms;
large and small; housekeeping; $4 & upward.
! POST, 426— Newly furnished large sunny ront
and back rooms.' $8 up; bath, gas; private
family. • . , .
POST. C 22— Sunny suite or single rooms; first- .
class in every respect. ' '..'".
SHERMAN Apartment House. ZS Eighth St..
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
| 1 ■
SILVER, 20 — Three- large rooms, $7; In rear.-
SHOTWELL, 45 — Front bay window room to
let; private family. •
STEVENSON. '2S3. between Third and Fourth—
• Large rooms, good light, suitable for tailors'
workshops.
STEVENSON, Cheap sunny furnished front
rooms; single or double. •
SITTER. 1111— Front' suite, ■ nicely furnished.
$12 month; houseeping suite, $12; single room,
$6; all Bunny. . , . . ... ■• "y .:
TAYLOR, 109— single rooms $1 and $1 50 week;
large sunny room $2 week.
TAYLOR Terrace,2 — and 4 sunny ,. rooms:
small rent. .
TAYLOR, 407— T0 let, two large, tunny front
rooms; ■ furnished.
TURK, 539 — Nicely furnished sunny room; also
nice housekeeping room; $6 per month up.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 3404, near. ' Valencia— 2
sunny front rooms, kitchen furnished, for
housekeeping; $14.' ■ _^
HOARDING AND ROOMS."
BUSH.' 812— Front sunny alcove room; gas;
bath; running water; breakfast; piano; down
town. • . "' "
ELEGANT sunny rooms; new, house: new. fur-
niture; also first-class meals; healthiest part
of San Francisco." ' The Slrlus, 1505 Stockton.
ELLIS, 577— Nicely furnished sunny front suite
with board for 2, 3 or 4; terms reasonable.
FOLSOM. Ml— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $3 per. week: nice location.
FULTON, 833 (The Mizpah)— qui>t family
hotel; modern sunny rooms, single and en
suite; exceptional table; terms reasonable.
HYDE, 408— Double and single rooms; first-
class board; Spanish; $36 a month up. '' -
HYDE, 925— Sunny rooms; good board; pretty
grounds; select location. Mrs. . Brotherton.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Good table. '.oard. $3 per
week: with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
SUNNY rooms, newly furnished, with board;
summer rates. Apply SOS Van Ness aye.
SUTTER, 1128— Sunny suite: single rooms: first-
class board: large grounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
THE Longworth, 532 Geary— Remodeled ;. ele-
gantly furnished; good board: choice location.
VAN NESS ■ aye., Beautiful sunny I rooms;
modern: newly furnished; with board.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of; The Call.
• Subscriptions and want ads taken. ■■
"children, BOARDED. ■ : , '■
WIDOW would- like 2 children to board; near
school. 51 Clara st. • -'. ' 
WANTED,' by a German widow,' a child to
board; healthy locality and best of care. Ad-
dress box 1728.- Call Office. ' ■ ; 
WANTED— Children to | board : terms reasona-
ble; good 1 home: 136 Sagamore st. .Ocean View.
AN elderly, lady; will- take infants to board; a
mother's care-, reference*. 234»4', Sixth it.
' STORES TO LET. ; : .
FIFTH, : 325— Store with rooms; $15 and fixtures.
CORNER store with 3 living-rooms and cellar,
■ rent $20. Cor. ■ McAllister and Droderlck sts.
'; -•:. •."-■■"■';•'. LOST. ■";-. -.■'. , : . .-.-
LOST— April 28, a Great Dane doc. new col-
lar; no license. - Reward at H. AHLER'S, 101
Eighth st. ...-.' ■■-'-. .".-.. -..•;.' . . ■■■--.- -■'
TORTOISE-SHELL lorgnette, Emporium. "Mar-
ket St., Hlbernia Bank. Return Call; reward.
LOST— A parrot, from 219 Vi Polk st. Return
and' receive reward. ■ ; . '
5 TICKETS for Sequoia Drill Corps excursion;
liberal reward. - Return 240 Kearny st.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, -• in the
name of AGNES HILLSON; No. 216,375. The
finder will please return to bank. .' v. " '• -.-.v ■ --
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE ' free; no charge ". unless ' successful,'
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market at. '.;.-.
PERSONALS.
,TOM CORBETT please call at 403 Kearny St.;
. going East next week; i MßS. JOHNSON. ,
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
THE unprecedented success of my additional
balconies may force more improvements;
halrdressing, 25c; cood switches, $1; best,
finest' quality, $3 50; extra heavy, long, $3;
open Sundays from 9 to 12. G. LEDERER,
11l Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St., nr. Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 £0 per night; $150 to S3 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
QUINONIA- Hair Tonic possesses a marvelous
power; harmless. LEDERER, 111 Stockton.
THE Ladies' Barber-shop has -removed from
352 Third st. to 316 Third.
FLESH reduced, natural process; lady and
gentleman attendant. O. S., box 1734, Call.
MRS. JOHNSON, experienced masseuse; elec-
trical water treatment; office 10, lIS Grant ay.
STAMMERING and stuttering corrected. PROF.
J. WHITEHORN. 570 33d st. Oakland. Cal.
CLOAKS and fine V tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LUMPS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— stylish dresses,
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy st., rm. S6.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' . French Tailoring
College, 916 Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden m- stery In life; she
. will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family 'roubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers ; lost,
stolen or buried "'•operty; locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while In a perfect trance. , Hours
, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.; perfect satisfaction guar-
a nteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,, rooms
25 and 26, 1206 Mar St., opposite Sixth.
MME. , PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
' reader: born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease: full life reading; ladies 50c.
gents .$1; palm. andclairv.;slt. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSON arrived; palmist; card-reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 14S Sixth st.,
' room' 10. ■ , '!'■;• . ' '■. ■■"
MME. MOREAU. best medium' and card-
reader: 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. LENEMAR— told by planets;
predicted "74" overdue .str. 231*. Sixth, rm. 6.
MMX. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
■ band's picture. 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers. to
. all questions: L.. 25c; G., 60c: no sign. 3 7th.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: bustoesj
j advice: names given: 2C>c.up. 5 Fourth at... .
MRP. DR. ANNA THOMAS— in ncr pro-
fession: never falls: advice: ipltv 92* Post. .
■■][" :: '}'■• SPIRITUALISM. 1 ■■'■'
LADIES' Aid Social to-night fine programme;
good music; dancing; 10c. 305 I.arkin st.
FORESTERS' Hall to-night. 20 Eddy st., near
Tivoll; grand spiritual test; Prof. Gee; We.
DR. RINES will read your planets. 606 Mc-
Allister st.; Mrs: Mellan Barcley S p. m.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance;
S p. m., 25c. 409 Leaven worth st. -
MRS SHKINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister, hours 10-4.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 23X Valencia st • read-
ings $1; dr. Tui>^.. Frl.. 2 p. m.; Sat., S: 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
232 Stockton st. : old No. 21S. • ■
MRP. SHAFFER, test and business medium:
sittings daily. 123% Sixth St.. room 14.
M. ■ FRANCES, Independent slate-writing ma-
dlum 11R Hnlght st. ■ ■•' . <.■'..
HYPNOTISM . :-,.-:,- .;-. ;
CAL. Institute, 402H Geary; hypnotism taunht;
diplomas issued: diseases and habits cured.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6',<. per cent on real . estate;
Id and. 3d mortgages, estates, , real, estate in
probate, life insurance, goods in warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay.' R. Mc-
COLOAN, 24 Montgomery St.. room -3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda, .at lowest . rates; without
removal;, no commissions; no delays. .7.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel; South 14. ■ • -', ■' -*.''•
$5 UP :to * any amount ■on • indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; ' all business
strictly confidential: private offices.: - M. E.
' DOUGAN & CO.. 230 Kearny St.. upstairs. - :
HIGHLY respectable' and private place' to' ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. . 948 .Market f>t.: tel. Green -204. ..-• •••
ON furniture, pianos: city, or Oakland; no. re-
moval; low rates; no commission: $23 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
REAL estate, furniture or piano?, any amount:
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 32S Montgomery.
QUICK on furniture, ' piajvos; no .removal; >no
eommls.; low Interest. . Rm. 68, 1170 Market.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, "etc." Room 7. 508 California" st. " "''<
$50 TO $30,000 : lowest rates ; 1 Ist ■ and •2d mortg. :
any proposition. Dryden,. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and- 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. 62S Market st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest
rates; no com. ;■ private. . 116 McAllister- st. '
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The" Call.
Subscriptions and rids'' taken.' ; ■ ' -'; . •■»■ ;
t'IAAN^IAL.
LOANS -on real estate, bonds, etc. ;' lowest
rnt"«. McAFBR 'nROS.. IPS Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKERS.'
B WISE and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office. 22 Mason St.* bet. Market and Eddy.
»15 LARKlN— Branch office of the Call. . Sub-
, »eriptlon» and want nds txkon. ■' ■ .. ..^
™ MEDICAL.
ALL Ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. navies,
true friends of all : invalids, men and women;
BO years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fail+- delicacy, privacy*, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers 'treated;- no
delay; self-cure sent: call or write; free: con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DA VIES. 59
! McAllister St.; pills, $2. :: ....
A 1..1.. of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fect?- taken • in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive: price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WAIXRK BROS.. 33
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities ,from whatever Cause)
in a few hours; safe and sure^ at all tlme3
when others have failed: no instruments used:
home In confinement: cure $5; pilis SI; every
case guaranteed; consultation free and con-
fidential: hours 10 to 5 and 7 to S. MRS. DR.
AVYETH, 20S Turk st., near .Tonps.
A PTRE. safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases: a home In confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or dlscour-
epetl call on the doctor and state their case:
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWTER, 22C Turk St.
DRS. GOODWIN. 401 Van Ness-Ladies, near
or far, consult free, only doctor who use» :
Sehenek's method, the celebrated French phy-
sician: safe. sure, reliable cure for all Irreg-
ularities; any cause: restores strength and
vlitor of organs: unexcelled. 16 years' prac-
tice: home; best skill: low fees: pills $2
DR. O'DONNELL, the world renowned special-
ist, restores at once all women's Irregulari-
ties, menstruation, etc, whatever the cause
may be;, treatment by mail, or call at Dr.
O'Donnell'B. Sanitarium, 1027 Market at! $5
and $10 capsules will, be mailed upon request.
SURE cure, when' others fall; no medicine or
Instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female, troubles, no j matter what
cause: restore In 1 day; never fails; consulta-
tion free; can be sent and used at home DR.
POPPER.' 318 Kearny; orders by telegram.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no instrument* used: cure at
office, $S; consultation free: hours 10 to 5.
& 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL. 1118 Market.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Sesruro; price
$1 60. RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.: send
?c stamp for particulars to Sejjuro Manu-
facturing Co., 631 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
femnle troubles; no danger; safe cure: $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSOOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
ELECTRICAL treatments; cures all monthly
Irregularities; no medicine; no pain; lady at-
tendant; hours 9-4, 7-8. 2208^ Mission st.
DR. HALL, 69 McAllister St.: diseases of wo-
men and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: infallible, safe rem-
edies: 38 years' experience. 254% Fourth st.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRB. DR. FUNKE. 141 C Bth St.. Alameda.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of Th« CalL
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Coll. Sent to any address in tho Ur.lted
States or Canada one year for $1 CO, postals
CITY RE -L ESTATE.
FOR sale, or exchange: valuable piece of im-
proved property of great prospective value;
trade for lots. . HOOKER & LENT, 14 Post.
$4300— RENTS $50 " monthly: store and flat;
Western Addition. Inquire Call Office.
SACRIFICE— 3-story house; desirable part of
city; tenants; will pay for Itself; must go;
terms to suit. Box 1655, Call.
$500 lot for $100: need coin. Come and see
THISLETON, 272 Sadowa St.. Ocean View.
COTTAGE. 5 rooms, bath and all the latest :
improvements; , terms to suit; lot . 26:3x100.
Apply at premises, 2327 Harrison St., bet.
21st and 22d.
115 LARKIN— office of The Call; Mb-
Ecilptlons and want ads taken. . I
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
NICE home, $900: several fine level building
lots, $35 up. Red Flag, Six-Mile Station, San I
Bruno road, take ' Howard-st. cars.
TO Rent— Best sheep ranch in' the State; plenty
feed; 1000 acres; on the coast: near railroad.
For particulars address JOHN BRANT, Sea
View, Sonoma County, Cal.
WRITE for list; good land, $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. CaL
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
..., OAKLAND^ ROOMS. .'
2 OR, 4 elegantly furnished rooms for light
housekeeping, bath, piano, horse and buggy,
for desirable couple with private lady; no
children. C.17 Twenty-second' St., Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
4 ELEGANT sunny rooms; corner house; fur-
. nished; with or without board. NW. corner
10th aye. and 11th st. , E. Oakland, nr. station.
ELEGANT sunny suite: hot and cold water;
; vacant May Ist. . THE LORNE, 562 Eighth St.
FIFTEENTH. 726— Pleasant sunny front rooms.
.-with, board: private: large yard. -:, -
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR • SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods this week.
SCHELLHAAS' old .store. 408 j Eleventh St.
FURNITURE and household goods very, cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store. 40J
Eleventh Ft.. Oakland.. . .. ..
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEBA REAL ESTATE. _
$750— Lot 50x?70; modern T cottage 5 rooms, near
• Bchoolhouee. ' ■ ■ ■ .
$1200— Sacrifice; corner lot 35x140; good nous* of
6 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
$1600— Lot 50x150: fine cottage of 7 rooms and
bath: near Chestnut . station.
$2850— 5150 cash; $25 per month: lot 40x150: only
2 blocks from station and htgn school.
— New 'house of 7 rooms and bath: lot
42x150: choice location: very easy terms.
; Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H P. MOREAL &- CO.. 1432 Park st.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
FlNE 'furnished house; 9 rooms: best location:
: Grand St.; 6 mo.. $00. N. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1432 Park St.. Alameda. ■ -- '
FOR RENT — Furnished or unfurnished: 1 or 2
years;, new house: 7 large punny rooms; all
latest improvements: large lawn: nice neigh-
. borhood: near Encinal station. 1378 Weber st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NEW house of 8 rooms In Berkeley; cheap. : In-
quire 258- Fourth, corner Folsom. ■ •
, LARKS PI REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL H^)MIcsTN~LARKSPURr~"
Villa lets and acreage; easy terms: 45 minutes
from the city: cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRTTPT CO.. 133 Market St. - ■
';' PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
TO exchange or for sale— Oakland restaurants
and ranch at Walnut Creek; also city flats. for
largo piece of San Francisco property. Apply
111 Liberty, st. . / _ ...
STORAGE. . :
TRUNKS, 25c a mo. ; .other goods at low rates.
Signal Transfer Co., 530 Jones; tel. Sutter 441.
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, - pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made.' J. NOONAN,- 1017 "to: 1022
Mission St., at ye Sixth: open evenings. ...
AT lowest — Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made; fireproof building. F. W.
ZEHFUSS. 840 Mission St. Tel. Mint 1821.
PIERCEtRUDOLFH Storage & Moving Co.; j
office. Tenth and Market:. telephone South 166.
FOR lowest rates go to LOUIS J. NEUMAN.
121' Sixth St.. open evenings.
- "-" ••>••• - ■•- PROPOSALS. *
SAN^RANCISCOr^Cah, "April 2, lS9X^¥ealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
and at office of Quartermaster until 11
o'clock a. m., Monday, May 2. IS9B. and then
. opened, for furnishing, ■ during fiscal year
commencing July 1, 1598, forage and straw
for San Diego Barracks, Cal.; also at N same
time, at this office .only, for forage and
straw for Alcatraz Island, Angel. lsland, Fort
Baker. Benlcia Barracks. Fort Mason, Presidio
of San ' Francisco and San Francisco. : Cal.
Government reserves right to reject or accept
any or all bids, or any part thereof. Preference
' given to articles of American production,
• conditions of price and. quality (including in
the price of foreign productions the duty
thereon) being equal, and such preference
, given to articles of American production pro-
duced on the Pacific Coast, to extent of con-
. sumption required by the public service there.
All information furnished on application to
quartermaster at San Diego Barracks, or to
undersigned. Envelopes containing bids to
be indorsed "Proposals for Forage and
Straw," and addressed to said quartermaster,
or to JAMES M. MOORE, Assistant Quarter-
master General, U. S. A., Chief Quarter-
master.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following couples were granted mar-
rlase licenses yesterday: •
W. P. Grimes and Lizzie Kelly. 23-20.
Herman Wiprut and Fannie Frank, 29-27.
R. E, Cavanaugh and Mollle Keegan, 24-21.
Niels P. Jensen and Annie M. Hansen. 3^-45.
Henry A. Hassall and Virginia Rleke, 42-23.
John W. Fleming and Alice Kernan, 36-28.
George W. Reeks and Lulu Peiarty, 32-26.
W. A. Reg°ntz and Emily A. Booth. 22-21.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name anu residence
of persons authorized to have tho same pub-
lished.
BORN.
DINKELSPIEL— In this city, April 2S. 1898, to
the wife of J. S. Dinkelsplel, a daughter.
HEIMANN— In this city, April 22, IS9B, to the
wife of Chris Helmann, a son.
KEARNEY— In Alameda, April 15, ISOS, to the
wife of P. A. Kearney, a son.
NANKERVIS— In Grass Valley. April 25, ISPS,
to tho wife of William Nankervis, a daugh-
ter.
ROSS— In Grass Valley, April 2.-.. 1898, to the
wife of John Ross, a daughter.
SCHNEIDER— In this city, April 27 IS9S, to the
wife of Charles Schneider, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BF.HN— JOHNSTON— In this city. April 20,
IS9B, by the Rev. E. S. Mathena, D.D., Georg?
Behn and Jennie Johnston, both of San
Francisco.
DURNAN— SMITH— In Oakland, April 27, 1898,
by the Rev. Dr. McLean, Edgar Durnan and
Mabel- Frances Smith, both- of Oakland.
GRIBBLE— GRIFFITH— In this city, February
21, 189S, by the Rev. J. P. Dickson, Charles
Gribble of Antloch and Lulu Griffith of San
Francisco.
HUDSON— SCHLAMM— In this city, April 24.
.1898, by the Rev. J. P. Dießson, John H
Hudson and Hattlfi Schlamm, both of San
.Francisco.
REEp— MOORE— In this city, April 26, IS9B
by the Rev. J. P. Dickson. William L. Reed
and Mary E. Moore, both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Barlow, Emma Lyons, Ellen
Boyle, Hannah McCarty, Mary
Brounlee. John W. McGuire, Katherine
Burke. Rachel Morse, W. p.
de Laveaga, Joseph O'Connell. James J
Dentz. Amalia Parker, George P
Downing, Sister Mary Quinlan. Daniel J
Figuiere, Joseph A. Rose, Amelia G
Fitzgerald, James Swift. Thomas
Heuer, Mrs. Caroline Tabar, Margaret
Horan. Mary A. Vollmar, James
Kelleher. Rose Walton. Nelson C
Koch. Friederika Weil], Sol C.
lovell, Ira J. Wright, Mrs. Lucy
BARLOW— In this city, April 27. 1838. Emma,
beloved wife of Henry Barlow, and mother of
Benjamin, Lucle. Bertha. Florence, Emma,
Harry, Bernard and Arthur Barlow, a na-
tive of England, aged 42 years.
lE?"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 310 Twentieth street, near Alabama.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BOYLE— In this city, April 25. iB9S, Hannah
Boyle, beloved mother of Mary and Lucy
Boyle, and Mrs. Adam H. Murphy, a na-
tive of England, aged 78 years. -Philadel-
phia papers please copy.)
CTFrteads are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at
10:15 o clock, from her late residence, S7l
Capp street. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by I 1:30I 1 :30 o'clock train from Twenty-
fifth and Valencia streets.
BROUNLEE— In this city, April 28, 1896, John
Williamson, eldest son of John P. and Susie
Brounlee, a native of Canada, aged 7 years
and 7 months.
BL'RKE— In Vailejo, April 2S, 1593, Rachel,
widow of the late Joseph Burke, a native of
Whitohaven, England, aged CS years.
C/'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 325 Haight street. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
DE LAVEAGA— In this city, April 27. 18C-8,
Joseph Vincent, beloved and only child of
Joseph and Mary De Lavcaga. a native of
San Francisco, aged 2 years 10 months and 12
days.
(O'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parents' resi-
dence, 25 Tilden street, off Castro, between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DENTZ— In this city. April 27. IS9B, Amalia.
deariy beloved wife of George Dentz, a na-
tive of Alsace, aged 60 years.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 220 Banks street, near Cortland ave-
nue. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
DOWNING— In this city, April 2S 1898. Sister
Mary Cecelia Downing, Sister of Mercy, a na-
tive of Boston, Mass.. aged 36 years.
C3"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(■Saturday), from the Chanel of St. Mary's
Hospital, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at S:ir. o'clock. Funeral immediately
after the mass.
FIGUIERE— In this city. April 27. IS9B, Jo-
seph A. M. Figuierp. beloved father of Mrs.
E. Raisin, a native of Marseilles, France,
aged 73 years 2 months and 2 days.
tCFriends and acquainta. oes are respect-
fully invitod to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 3 o'clock, fmm his late resi-
dence, 30 John street, near Mason, between
Pacific and Jarkson. thence to I. O. O. F.
Cemetery for cremation.
FITZGERALD— In this city, April 27, 189S,
James, beloved son of Jnhn and Nora Fitz-
gerald, nnd nephew of Jeremiah and James
Moriarity. a native of San Francisco, aged
6 years and 7 months.
ICTThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents, 1302 Sanchez street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HEUER— In Alameda. April 28. 1898. Mrs. Caro-
line A., widow of the late Alexander Heuer,
a native of California, aged 36 years 5 months
and 23 days
ID'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from I. O. O.F.
Hall, under the auspices of Fair Oaks Re-
bekah Lodge No. 4, Daughters of Rebekah.
Interment Mount Eden.
HORAN— In this city, April 27. 1898, Mary A.,
beloved wife of the late John Horan. dearly
beloved mother of Catherine Daly, and be-
loved grandmother of Mary, Katie, John.
Michael, Veronica and the late Peter Daly,
a native of County Rosccmmon, Ireland, aged
6S years and 8 months.
[CiTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the tuneral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence," 2926 Howard street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
KELLEHER— In this city, April 2S. UK, Ro.se.
beloved wife of Timothy Kelleher, mother of
Thomas. Katie and Acnes Kelleher. Mrs.
E. Daunet and the late John and Jeremiah
Kelleher, and sister of Mrs. P. Walsh and M.
Smith, a native of County Cavan, Ireland,
aged B0 years.
ETFrk-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 18 Summ?r street, off Howard, between
Seventh and Eighth, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the reDpse of her soul, at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KOCH— In this city, April 26, 1889, Friedorika
Koch, dearly beloved mother of Mrs. Fried-
erika Gurrett. nnd grandmother of Dr. C. F.
Bauer, a native of Bavaria. Germany, aged
72 years 9 months and 21 days. A member of
Walhalla Rebek.ih Degree Lodge Ma 130, I.
0. O. F., Unahhangigen Deutscher Fraaefl
Unterstutzungs Vereln and Veteran Rebel: aK
(GTFriends and acquaintances are ren>!«t>
fully invited to attend the uneral thil
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, Market and Seventh Streets. Please
omit flowers. Remains at the parlors of H.
F. Suhr & Co.. 1219 Mission street. Interrr nt
1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
INDEPENDENT GERMAN LADIES' BE-
nevolent Society — To the officers and mem-
bers: You are hereby requested to assemble
at I. O. O. F. Hall, corner Market and
Seventh streets, this day (Friday), at 1:30
o'clock, to attend the funeral of our lat^
sister, Friederika Koch. By order
MRS. V.- WREDE. Pres.
MRS. T. MARKS. Fin. Sec.
I. O. O. F.— Members of the Veteran Rebel-ahs,
I.' O. O. F.. are requested to attend the fu-
neral of our late Blrter. Friederlka Koch,
this day (Friday), at 1:30 o*clOc"R, at I. O. O.
F. Hail, Seventh and Market streets. By
order of the president.
MART «A. HAWLET. Fee.
LOVELL— Near Santa Clara, in Redwood dis-
trict, April Z6, 1898, Ira J. Lovell, a native of
Kentucky, aged 86 years.
LYONS— In this city, April 27. WS, at St.
Mary's Hospital, Ellen, beloved wife of the
late John Lyons, and mother of D.
J. and the late John F. Lyons, a native of
Kildvsart, County Clare, Ireland.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday). at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence"
of her son. D. J. Lyons. 265 Turk street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a rp-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, at 10 o'clock. Interment
Muunt Calvary Cemetery.
McCARTY— In this city. April 26. 1898, Mary,
wife of the late Tatrlck McCarty. mother of
Minnie McCarty, and sister of Mrs. G. Vl-
deau and Jerome and the late James Dono-
van, a native of California, aged 38 years.
(CTFrlendF and fdiuaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the 'uneral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 3r. West Mission street, :hence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mans will b<? celebrated for the repose of hpr
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McGUIRE— In this city. April 27. 1898, Kath-
erine F., dearly beloved wife of Anthony
T. McGuire. mother of Gertrude F. McGuire,
and daughter Of Mrs. M. Queen.in. a native
of £an Francisco, aged .6 years and 4
months.
tCTFriends and acquaintances nre respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at S:SO o'clock, from . er late resi-
dence, 116 Congdon street, corner Ney, off
Mission road, thence to Old St. Mary's Col-
lege, where a requiem high mas» will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MORSE— In San Jose, March 24. 1898, W. P.
Morse, a native of Massaohuaetta. aged 71
years 10 months and 20 days.
O'CONNELL— In this city. April 28. IS?R,
James Jose: h. beloved son of John P. and
Mary O'Connell. a native of San Francisco,
aped 4 y?ars 2 months and 5 days.
PARKER— In this city. April 2<. I<WJ. George
P.. beloved husband of Mac Sellers Parker,
and youngest son of Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Par-
ker, and brother of Joseph P. Parker, a na-
tive' of San Francisco, aged 31 years and 8
days.
tt^Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at 2
o'clock, fmm his late residence, 1627 Oak
street. Interment private.
QUINLAN— In this city. April 2s. IS9S. Daniel
J., son of Daniel P. and Mary Quinlan. and
brother of Mary E. and Josephine Quinlan
and Mrs. J. O. Helseh, a native of California.
t7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, frnm his late resi-
dence, 482 Eighth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church. Tenth street, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
ROSE— In Eureka. April 25. WS. Amelia O.
Rose, a native of Mississippi, aged 5'J years
and 9 months.
SWIFT— In this city. April 27. . ;9S. Thomas
Swift, a native of Ireland, a Red .17 years.
(C"The funeral will take place this day
(Friday). at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. 27 and 20 Fifth
street. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
TABER— In this city, April 27, 18W, Margaret,
beloved wife of Louis Taber, and mother of
Mary J. and Louis Taber Jr. and Mrs. Wil-
liam Jensen, aped 63 years.
IC7"Remains at the parlors of the United
Undertakers. 27 and 2'J Fifth street. Inter-
ment private.
VOLLMAR— In this city, April 27. IS9B. James,
beloved husband of Theresia Vollmar. and
father of Mrs. E. L. Wagner and Fred A.,
Adolph G., William G., Johanna J. and Ber-
tha T. Vollmar. a native of Austria, aged 74
years 10 months and 21 days. (Milwaukee
papers please cony.)
BTTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
E L. Wacner, his son-in-law. 1913 Green
street near Lacuna. Interment private.
WALTON— In this city, April 27. ISSS. Nelson
C bolored father of Nelson C. ajid M. C.
Walton, a native of Essex County, New York,
ased S2 years.
ir^r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invitel to attend the funeral this day
(Frldav) at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of hlr/son. M. Q. Walton. 506 Capp street.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by car-
WKILL— In Now York City. April 28. IS9B, Sol
c" Weill, brother of Charles L. Weill. Mrs.
Walter N. Castle and Mrs. Louis Hirsch of
Pan Francisco, a native of Wilmington, N.
C. aired 34 years.
WRIGHT— In San Jose, April 25. IS9S, Mrs.
Lucy Knox Wright.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS &, EMBALM EM I
10 IIfTH ST., Opp. Lincoln Ssiojl.
Telephone, South SO. I
H. B. m'avoy. Manager.
rtIcAVOY <fc CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEB&
1235 Market St.. between Bth and tfth.
Telephone, South 247.
1516
SPANISH AGENTS
MAY LIE DEAD
AT SANTA CRUZ
Federal Secret Service Agents Are
Working for a Clew to the Pow
der Mill Disaster.
Carpenter Nelson and Others Saw Strangers
on the Ground Just Before the
Explosion.
Two, and probably three, bodies
have been found at the Santa Cruz
powder magazines of the California
Powder Works which cannot be ac
counted for. This strengthens the
theory that the explosion was the re
sult of design.
Secret service agents of the Gov
ernment are working on the case on
the theory that the disaster was
caused by the agents of Spain. Sev
eral workmen, especially Carpenter
Nelson, who was severely wounded,
saw strangers at and near the works
a few minutes before the disaster.
It is believed that, if the explosion
•was the result of design, the detona
tion was caused by the firing of re
volvers whose bullets reached the gun
cotton warehouse. Those who fired
probably thought they were far
enough away to escape unharmed, but
the explosion was not downward and
upward, as they doubtless calculated
it would be, but in all directions, and
the criminals died with those whose
lives they destroyed. Details of the
theory follow:
There are several circumstances that
tend to confirm the theory that the Cal
ifornia Powder Works' explosion was
the result of treachery- Suspicion
points strongly to the fact that Span
ish agents may have caused the trag
edy that costi many lives and a fright
ful loss of property.
Two more bodies than the ten known
to be missing have been found, also the
fragments of another body, which may
make thirteen killed and but ten known
to the people of Santa Cruz and vicin
ity. It is becoming an interesting ques
tion who the missing are.
The Government has taken a hand in
the investigations concerning this ex
plosion, and the wires were freely used
by secret service agents all day yes
terday with a view of losing no time
to locate the principal who sent the
agents to do the awful work.
The second unrecognizable body waa
discovered at 10 o'clock yesterday
morning, charred beyond recognition,
even if any o-.,e in the vicinity ever
knew the corpse in life. The discovery
of this body was made by Charles Cratr
hlll, a workman at the ruins. Bodies
supposed to be those of the ten men
known to 1>? missing, whose friends
mourn them as dead, had already been
found and taken to the undertaking es
tablishment of Wessendorf & Stafflers.
To add to the mystery of th- explo
sion and to confirm the suspicions of
those in authority at the works, as w»ll
as those of Government officers, a third
body with none to claim it as friend
was discovered about tl o'clock lam
night. Rather, it was not a complete
STARS APPEARED
TO LAWRENCE
"X.id" Johnson Brought
Them Forth With
a Punch.
They Fought Before the Berk
eley Beacon Athletic Club
Last Evening.
The Winner Proved Himself to Be a
Hard Worker and Willing to
Go the Distance.
"Kid" Johnson, who Is employed by the
Keystone Boiler Works, IS without doubt
a coming "slogger," and from all ap
pearances an explosion of a holler took
place last evening at the Beacon Ath
letic Club in West Berkeley when Jim
Lawrence of Seattle stopped a left
hander with the pit of his stomach and
went to the floor in an exceedingly dis
tressed condition. For weeks past a fight
has been on the tapis and George Baker
was matched to fight Johnson. However,
Baker was not in evidence and Lawrence
took his place, much to hia regret, for
besides receiving the "810111 winder" in
tho abdominal region ho broke a small
bone in bia right hand when he fell to the
floor and was counted out.
Previous to the "event of the evenine "
Charles Tie and one Beck fought a three
round go, as did Joe Lavigne and Hugh
O'Brien, A k imi| l exhibition -w;us given by
Charley Tumor of numerous battles'
fame iind Ben Lewis, who has gained
some reputation as a clever sparrer. Will
lam Carroll acted as master of ceremonies
and carried out his duties In a business
like manner. After the nnncipals had
been warned not to hit in the break-away
and to fight fair from nil standpoints, Mr.
Egan was asked to introduce the fighters, ;
as he was the referee.
Johnson stripped at 121 pounds and
Lawrence, who gives his nationality as
"Spanish," tipped the scales at about 140
pounds. His weight did not avail him
much, as the result showed. As they
stepped to the center of the ring the "Kicr 1
made a rush, mid after a few passes
showed himself t'> be < xec^edingly clever.
The fight was finished in one punch,
which was landed with a groat deal of
precision and terrific force on the solar
plexus. The winner showed himself to be
willing to go the "pace," and without
doubt can whip better men than Law
rence. The fight follows by rounds:
Round I—The1 — The men stepped to the center
of the ring, Johnson swung his left on
the stomach and the fight was over.
The members of the club scorned to be
at firs; disappointed with the short lißht.
but when the club physician was called
In he said that Lawrence was suffering
f iv m a severe blow in the "wind." but
would recover as soon as his nervousness
left him and his breath returned. George
Baker sent a challenge to the winner, and
it Is probable the figin will be brought off
in the near future. Jimmy Anthony and
Jim Dempsey. recently from Australia.
were back of Johnson and Charley Turner
with J. Le Strange backed Lawrence. The
light was for a small purse and gate
money, which amounted to about $50
ahe fans and bottles which were carried
Into the ring for the use of the fighters
are In their original condition and muy be
body, but fragments of a human be- I
ing. These ghastly relics were found j
amid the ruined machinery, and It is ;
now believed that there were three !
strange men, if not more, lost in the j
explosion that cost ten faithful em
ployes their lives.
A circumstance that lends color to i
the suspicions of foul play is that seve
ral of the workmen noticed strangers ;
in the vicinity of the powder works
some time before the explosion. All
employes were very busy at the time I
and, therefore, none of them paid very
close attention to the strangers, but
there is not any doubt in the minds of
several of the workmen that the men
they saw in th<- vicinity of the works
a few minutes before the disaster were j
strangers and that they had no busi- '
ness in that part of the country.
Jenks F. Nesmith, secretary of the
company, was visited yesterday by a
carpenter named Nelson, one of the |
men who escaped from the terrible ex- j
plosion with his life, though bearing a
number of wounds. Nelson is one of i
the men who saw a stranger about the
works a little while before the explo-
Bion. Speaking of the circumstance, j
Nelson said:
"I was very busy at the time, but I
distinctly remember that I saw two
men near the works a little while be
fore the explosion. I was thrown over
an eight-foot pile of wood and I es
caped in a miraculous manner with my
life. I am still suffering from the
shock, but I have a plain recollection
of seeing two strangers. They may
have been there for the purpose of
blowing up the works or they may
have been there Innocently."
Secretary Xesmith says there Is no
doubt in the minds of the company that
the explosion took place first at the gun
cotton warehouse, and this lends color
to the suspicion that some one did the
job from evil motives and that it was
not an accident.
"If the gun cotton had been set fire
to," said the secretary, "it would have
burned without harm, while the slight
est detonation would have exploded it.
A man might have gone to one side of
the place where the gun cotton was
stored and watched his chance to fire
a revolver or rifle shot into the works.
This would have been sufficient to
cause all the damage. If any one had
done this for the purpose of maliciously
wrecking the works he might have
thought that he would escape by going
to one side and firing from a distance,
believing that the danger of the ex
plosion would be upward and down
ward; but this explosion extended in
all directions, and- the person or per
sons who made such a calculation, if
they did make it, were probably killed
also, and this would account for the
extra bodies found."
Three-fourths of the machinery used
for the manufacture >>f government
powder was not harmed at all. It is
now thought that the works will again
be running full time on government
work within less than thirty days.
used at the next fight, if such an uneven
match is not again consummated.
The Original Little Beneflcencia Pub
lica Co. of San Francisco
Drawing April 28, 1898.
No. 42944 wins $3750. sold In Stockton
and San Francisco, Cal.
No. 25198 wins $1260, sold in San Fran
cisco, Cal.
No. 35319 wins $625, sold in San Fran
cisco, Cal.
Numbers 13105, 15665, 25066, 42412 and
45156 each win $62 50, sold in San Jose
Oakland and San Francisco, Cal.
Prizes cashed at 35 New Montgomery
street, San Francisco, Cal.
TO DANCE TILL
DAYLIGHT DAWNS
A Grand Bal Masque That
Takes Place at the Pavilion
To-Morrow Night.
The Golden Gate Association Has
Everything Prepared for a
Royal Good Time.
To-morrow night there will be sounds
of revelry in the old Mechanics' Pavilion,
and the vari-colored beams of the cal
cium lights will flash their soft colors
over the rich costumes of knight and
lady fair, gathered together at the invi
tation of the Golden Gate Association to
time the flying hours by the rhythmic
tapping of their footfalls as they mingle
in the mazy pleasures of the dance.
It Is expected to be one of the most
magnificent masqueraders that have ever
taken place in the famous olu structure
but it will differ from many of the others'
inasmuch as it will be perfectly respect
able, as is guaranteed by the standing of
the gentlemen who have the affair in
charge.
There will be twenty-two rich prizes
all of jewelry, the cost of which amounts
to $1200 in the aggregate. The first ladies'
prize will be a handsome marquise ring
; and the corresponding prize for gentle
; men will consist of a handsome split
, second gold watch. All the other prizes
will be of proportionate elegance
; Decorator Tobin of Native Sons fame
has charge of the adornment, and it goes
without saying that the result of his la
bors will be something to look back upon
and remember. Two bands will be in at
tendance-string orchestra to furnish
oance music and a brass concert band to
nil in the interludes. • F. R. Tobin, the
: well known and popular trombonist has
, been especially engaged for the latter
■ Dancing will begin promptly at 9:30. and
from then: on everything will be thrown
wide open for a good time in every way
that respectability approves of ■ ■
School Director Ed L. Head will act -us
floor manager and will be assisted hf
the following floor and reception 1 comrri^
, Dr. A. N. : Copsev, John Willis. A a de
; Guerse. F. Devine. Eugene Korn Eugene
. N. Levy. Leon E. Price, cam Dannen
; baum. Joe Lppinger. "Billy" Williams
I James Steenbock. Harry M. Camp" Huht,;
Ehrenpfort, Charles Eckel and "l L r ?y
! Monahan. *"*
The officers of the Golden Gate Asso
ciation are: Ed L. Head, president; H B
Slocum, vice president; Charles L Dov
trc^urlr Cretary> a " d W ' nun "Won,
Try our $1 Eye&lMßee. 710 Market & 11 Geary.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APKIL 29, 18fl8.
NO REFUSAL
TO PAY THE
WIDBER BOND
Mayor Phelan Worked Himself
Into a Frenzy Over the Matter
Without Cause.
Action Taken at the Special Meeting of the
Board of Supervisors Called by His
Honor Yesterday.
While Mayor Phelan has churned j
himself and those in his immediate at
mosphere into a high state of fear and
Indignation over the supposed refusal j
of the Fidelity and Deposit Company i
to pay the $100,000 bond of A. C. Wid- !
ber, the defaulting Treasurer, the sure
ty company has, in reality, not re- j
fused to meet its obligation. As a
matter of fact, no formal demand has
been made to the proper person for the
payment of the bond.
So far has the Mayor's apprehension
that he might be called upon to meet
part of the defalcation carried him,
that he has made broad threats against
the surety company to the effect that
he would not approve any more of its
bonds. It is reported that he even
thought of asking the Supervisors to
pass a resolution declaring void all the
bonds of this company, given as surety
for city and county officials and em
ployes. In line with his apprehensions
and misconceptions, he called a special
meeting of the Supervisors, which was
held yesterday, for the purpose of tak
ing action to compel the payment of
the bond.
All this was Irrelevant, Immaterial,
Incompetent and unnecessary, Judging
WIDBER'S BOND.
The Document That Is Now a Check in Favor of the
Citu for $100,000.
Whereas, Augustus C. "Wldber, at the general election held on the 3d
day of November, 18%, was elected to the office of City and County Treas
urer In and for the city and county of San Francisco, State of California;
and whereas, the said Augustus C Widber is required by law to file an
official bond previous to entering upon the duties of said office; and where
as, the amount of such bond has been fixed at one hundred thousand (SIOO,
000) dollars.
Now, therefore, know all men by these presents, that we, Augustus
C. Widber of the city and county of San Francisco as principal and Fidel
ity and Deposit Company of Maryland as sureties, are jointly and sev
erally bound and indebted unto the State of California in the sum of one
hundred thousand ($100,000) dollars lawful money of the United States of
America, for the payment of which several sums of money, well and
truly to be made, the parties jointly and severally Indebted herein as
aforesaid, jointly and severally bind themselves, their heirs, executors,
administrators, successors and assignees, firmly by these presents, sealed
with our seals, and dated this 19th day of December, in the year of our
Lord one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six.
The condition of the obligation is such that if the above bounden Au
gustus C. Widber shall well, truthfully, perform and execute the duties
of San Francisco, as required by law. as well as those which may be re
quired of him by any law now existing, as those which may be required
by any law enacted subsequently to the execution of this bond, then this
obligation to be void, otherwise to be and remain In full force and effect.
Signed and sealed In presence of
AUGUSTUS C. WIDBER. rSeall
H. J. MAXWELL, [Seal]
Fidelity and Deposit Company of Maryland.
By F. L. GILBERT, its Attorney in fact and General Agent.
Approved this 21st day of December, 1896.
ADOLPH SI'TRO, Mayor, ex-offlclo President Board of Supervisors
W. BRODERICK. City and County Auditor.
CHARLES W. SLACK, Superior Judge.
from the statement made yesterday to
a Call representative by Frank L*. Gil
bert, local agent of the surety company.
He declared his company stood ready
to pay the bond, but first wished to
ascertain what could be realized from
the property of Widber. It would
then pay the deficiency. He stated that
no demand had been made upon the
company, and that consequently there
could have been no refusal to pay.
When the Mayor called the meeting: |
of the Supervisors to order there were ,
present Supervisors Devany, Delany, \
Dodge, Morton, Britt, Smith, Clinton j
j and Rivers. The surety company was j
j represented by Mr. Gilbert, who was
accompanied by his attorney.
Mayor Phelan laid the object of the
meeting before the board in the fol
lowing statement, which he read:
SAX FRAN T CISCO, April 28, 1898.
To the Honorable, tho Board of Super- •
visors -of the City and County of San !
Francisco — Gentlemen: I desire to inform
you that the Treasurer of the City and |
County of San Francisco is a defaulter in
the sum of $117,083 79. and that he has
confessed to the defalcation and has boon
indicted' by the Grand Jury for the crime.
His fidelity was Insured by the Fidelity
and Deposit Company of Maryland in tho
sum of $100,000, as required by law, and
in said bond, prepared by the City and
County Attorney and approved by Mayor j
Sutro, Auditor Broderick and a Judge of
I the Superior Court, there are no condl
! tions under which the right of the city
1 to demand payment on the failure of the
! Treasurer to perform his official duties
; faithfully can be questioned.
On Tuesday, April 26, I and the City
', and County Attorney, called upon the
president of said corporation with a view I
of arranging for the collection of the I
! amount of said bond. I made a verbal
! demand upon the president for the pay
1 tnent of the whole amount of the bond,
. and was informed by him that a formal
written demand could be made upon the
authorized representative of the company
! in this city, and that he had eommunl- j
: rated the decision of his company to the j
Hoard of Supervisors, which Is self-ex- j
planatory and which, has been received j
: and will "he laid before you at this meet- <
! ing. which 1 have called for this pur
pose.
The urgency of this meeting arises from
; the fact that the fiscal year is drawing
i to a close, and the public business re
! quires tho funds that should be available
j in the city treasury, and which by rea
! son of this defalcation have been seri
ously depleted. 1 trust the Board of
Supervisors will. In their wisdom, see fit
to authorize the bringing of a suit In the
name of the city and county against the
: Treasurer and his bondsmen.
With respect to the counting of money
'< by the Mayor, the Auditor and a Judge
{of the Superior Court, to which the
I Surety Company makes reference, I de
' sire to Inform the board that the said
! officers have done their duty and that
by reason of their count on the 2Gth of j
, last March of the moneys in the treas
ury the defalcation of the Treasurer was
discovered. Were it not for this fact,
tho length to which the Treasurer might •
have gone in depleting the treasury can- j
, not be estimated. The method by which j
the commission proceeds is to enter the !
great vault, open the interior safes, and
to see and count over all the money con
tained therein. Two-thirds of the con- j
touts of the vault ordinarily is contained
in open trays and exposed, and the other j
third Is contained In sacks, for the most |
part under seal of the mint of the United
States. These sacks are removed from
tho Interior safes, some of them welshed
\ and others opened and counted, and the
| seals of all carefully examined.
On the occasion of tne last count,
I when the discovery was made. It ap
! peared to the commission that these seals
I were all intact. In passing back one of I
! the sacks, which the commission had I
j tnken from the safe, Chief Deputy De la I
I Montanya testifies that he heard a bus- |
piclous Jingle of silver in one of the sacks
supposed to contain gold. This was the
discovery of the fraud.
Instead of reporting immediately to
the commissioners he reported to the
Treasurer, and not until ten days after
ward was this shortage made good, nor
for twenty-five days afterward were the
commissioners informed of the defalca
tion.
In the meantime the Treasurer knew
that he was under suspicion, at least by
one or two of his own deputies, and that
exposure was imminent, and during that
time it is safe to infer from the facrts
that he abstracted a large part of the
money. On the 25th of March, for in
stance,we counted $25,000 in the box of the
Public Administrator, and that has been
stolen. The accentance of mint seals
after carefully examining them is in uni
versal vogue among banking and com
mercial institutions. The Mayor and the
Auditor have personally participated in
every count in the city treasury, and the
following Superior Judges have from
time to time acted: Judges Bahrs, Heb
bard, Dunne. Belcher, Slack, Cook, Dain
gerfield and Troutt.
Respectfully submitted,
JAMES D. PHELAN, Mayor.
Supervisor Britt moved that the com
munication be referred to the Finance
Committee. It was so ordered.
Communications were read from the
Fidelity and Deposit Company of
Maryland, in which the company asks
that the Board of Supervisors author
ize proceedings against A. C. Widher
and also against the Mayor, Auditor
and others responsible for the count of
the moneys In the custody of the Treas
urer, to recover the amount of Wid
ber's defalcation. Their demand against
the counting board is based on the al
leged careless manner in which the
money was counted by the Mayor.
Britt moved that all the communica
tions, of which there were three, be re
ferred to the Finance Committee, and
this was so ordered. He then offered
the following resolution:
Whereas, on the 21st day of December,
18%, Augustus C. Widber, late Treasurer
of the City ami County of San Frnnclsco,
gave his official bond in the penal sum
of one hundred thousand ($100,000) dollars
for the faithful performance of the duties
of his office for the term of two yeaJb,
commencing on the first Monday of Janu
ary, A. D. 1897, with the Fidelity and De
posit Company of Maryland, a corpora
tion, as the sole surety thereon; and
whereas, said Augustus C. Widber re
signed his said office of Treasurer on the
22d day of April, 1898, and was on that
day a defaulter in the sum of $116,715 34,
or thereabouts, money received by him in
his official capacity as such Treasurer,
and for which the surety on his official
bond is responsible, no part of which
since has been repaid; now, therefore,
be it
Resolved, That the City and County
Attorney be and he is hereby requested
to report In writing to this board, at its
next meeting, what steps should be taken
by the board to recover from the said
Fidelity and Deposit Company of Mary
land, a corporation, the amount for which
it is liable upon said official bond, and to
furnish with said report such resolutions
a* In hlB judgment should be adopted by
the board to accomplish said recovery.
This was adopted and the board ad
journed until Monday at 2 p. m.
After the board adjourned Mr. Gil
bert made the following statement, de
fining the position of his company in
the matter:
"All that we desire to say Is, that
no formal demand has been made upon
us for this money, and we have not re
fused to pay the bond. We simply
take notice of the fact that a defalca
tion has been made and ask the city
to collect what it can on account of
the defalcation, credit the defalcation
with that amount, and then let us
know the balance, which we agree to
pay.
"It is like any other case of insur
ance. If a man's house is partly de
stroyed by fire, there Is a certain sal
vage which can be realized upon, and
which will go against the insurance.
When the salvage is ascertained the in
surance company pays the balance, and
that is exactly what this company will
do in this case.
"If there is any question about the
responsibility of the company, it will
deposit in a special deposit the full
amount of this bond to await the de»
termination of the amount of the sal-
vage.
"If it were perfectly platn that this
whole defalcation had occurred since
the last examination of the money, and
that Widber had no property whatso
ever, the city would have a check with
out any delay, and the only delay which
we now have is occasioned by the fact
that we desire to have the "benefit of
what' salvage there may be."
Both the city authorities and the
surety company are making vigorous
efforts to discover the whereabouts of
some of the missing money. It is be
lieved that some of it may be traced
and recovered from the persons who re
lieved Widber of it.
"Women of the Bed Cross and
What They are Doing in the War,"
in next Sunday's Call.
LEES GRABS
SOME MORE
GREATNESS
The Chief Duly Cred
ited With the Cap
ture of Widber.
How the Local Shirley
Dare Justly Earned
His Reputation.
An Episode That Is Causing
Large Chunks of Mirth
at the City Hall.
WHY THE POLICE LAUGH.
On the Prison Register Appears the
Veteran's Name as the Default
ing Treasurer's Captor.
Citizens of San Francisco will long
remember Wednesday, April 20, A. D.
1898. Several events occurred that day
to make it memorable in the annals of
the city by the Golden Gate. There
was the departure of the First Infan
try for the seat of war, thrilling spec
tacle of Chief Lees at the head of a
battalion of police, and the announce
ment that Treasurer Widber had
"blown in" a hundred and odd thousand
dollars of the city's cash in a vain at
tempt to cultivate a wine appetite and
a string of horses that could run.
What man, woman or child who stood
on Van Ness avenue or Market street
that day but feels a thrill even now
at the recollection. Riding at the head
of the police escort, and the lirst fig
ure to greet the expectant eye, came
the Chief. (It may be noticed that he
Is not charged with commanding the i
battalion; Lieutenant Birdsall per
formed that duty, and most credita
bly.) Mounted on a magnificent
charger he was an inspiring sight, al
beit he may at times have ridden a trifle \
lopsided, due to a tender toward for
the ingrowing saddle. Th.- western
sun glinting on his gold laced uniform ;
made the Chief a thing of striking
beauty and reminded the beholders of
a Chinese joss. The reason Chief Lees
doesn't put more gold braid on that un
iform is because there is no room for
it. This is a source of considerable
worry to him and at present he is con
sidering two plans by which the diffi
culty may be obviated. One is to have
a larger coat built, and the other is to
decorate his boots. There are draw
backs to both; a larger coat would give
him the appearance of a junkshop,
while he would have to discard stir
rups if the footgear were to be seen,
and that would be uncomfortable, to
say the least.
It was close on to 4:30 o'clock
and already the* news of Widber's de
falcation had become public. Even the
throngs that watched the procession
had paused in their cheering long
enough to discuss the startling intelli
gence, but the Chief rode in blissful
ignorance.
It was at the foot of Market street,
just as the police battalion had drawn
up in line, that the Chief heard the
news. One of his trusted men in the
"upper office" broke through the line
and whispered the information to his
superior. Instantly the veteran'" en- j
tire manner changed. An expression of
relief overspread his features, and low
ering himself away from the deck of
his charger with a rrateful sigh, he
threw himself Into a convenient buggy
(there was no hack near) and dashed
off to the City Hall to obtain the de
tails and set the ponderous machinery
of his department in motion to effect
the capture of the lefaulter.
Not much detective work was neces
sary, which was bad, for the case did
not promise to add greatly to the
Chief's luster as the capturer of crim
inals. All he was called on to do was
to ascertain the place of Widber's con
cealment, and that was easy. From j
Chief Deputy de la Montanya Lees '
learned that Harry Morse, his old rival,
and a man of ability, was already at
work, and so all that was necessary
was to discover the direction Morse's
men were heading. It was goon found
that Captain Callundan had telegraph
ed to Constable Palmer of Walnut
Creek asking him to find out if Widber
was at his ranch. Receiving an affirm
ative reply, Callundan started on the
4 o'clock train (half an hour before
Lees heard of the defalcation) to arrest
the culprit, first wiring Palmer to take
good care that W T idber did not get
away.
When his sleuths had brought in all i
this information, Chief Lees detailed
Detectives Wren and Cody to make the
capture. Callundan arrived at Wid
ber's ranch about fifteen minutes after
Palmer had placed the Treasurer un
der arrest and the two started for Wal
nut Creek with their prisoner. On the
way they encountered Wren and Cody,
who were then going out to make the
arrest, and the latter, upon learning
that their man was already In the toils.
Joined Callundan and Palmer and re
turned with them to the city. At the
ferry the party was met by Chief Lees,
who took Widber and his own officers
In a carriage and drove them to the
City Hall.
After being conducted to the office '
of Chief Lees, where he confused his
guilt to Mayor Phelan, Auditor Brod
erick, and half a dozen others, Widber
was locked up in mysterious room 6,
across the hall from Lees' office, a de
toctive or two being placed In the room
with him to see that he held no commu
nication with outsiders. Why this was
done. Instead of placing Widber in a !
cell in the prison, as any other pris
oner would have been Lees alone can
explain. Widber had confessed, there
was nothing more the police could
learn from him, but the Chief saw fit
to hold him in eommunieado for the
time being, and the Chiefs v. ill is law—
or even mightier than the law some
times.
Later in the day Lees. Phelan and
Broderick filed information against
Wibder with the Grand Jury, and the
latter's indictment quickly followed.
Then Lees summo-ned Detective Wren
and Man Friday Coin'- and the three
conducted Widber to the City Prison,
where he was formally booked on a
charge of felony embezzlement. When
the desk sergeant asked for the names
of the arresting officers the Nero of the
Police Department promptly replied:
"Chief Lees and Detective Wren."
Poor Codv was turned down, while his
fovored comrade shared with the Chief
the glory of a capture with which they
had nothing whatever to do.
But of such is built the record of tho
Chief as a thief-taker. After a time,
when all others have forgotten the
story of the marching troops, the daz
zling chief and the flight and capture
of the defaulting Treasurer, Lees will
make casual mention of "How. I
pinched Widber," and bis hearers will
bare their heads and call him great
ROBINSON
WILL NOT
COME BACK
His Resignation in the
Hands of Chief
Lees.
"Handsome Willie" Now
on His Way to
Alaska.
He Expects to Join "Swiftwater
Bill" in the Far
Northwest.
NEPHEW WOLF DOWNED.
H« Will Not Be Promoted to the
Responsible Position Mads
Vacant.
Captain Robinson of the City Prison
has resigned. This fact was made known
last night by Chief Lees after due medi
tation, and shortly after 8 o'clock he sent
for the reporters and handed them the
resignation of Robinson. It read as fol
lows:
CHICAGO, April 15, 1898.
To the Honorable Board of Police Commis
sioners — Gentlemen: I tender you my resigna
tion as Captain of Police of the City and
County of San Francisco, and request that it
go into effect on May 1, IS9S.
HENRY ROBINSON, Captain of Police.
When questioned about the resignation
the Chief said it had been received by
Judge Tobin several days ago, but as he
is confined to his bed by a severe attack
of la grippe he did not open it until yes
terday afternoon.
He at once sent for Commissioner Al
vord, who, after reading it, turned it
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Here's an opportunity to show your
fondness for your boy. With these
stirring times he wants a sailor suit-
he's just as proud of our sailors as his
father ; of course he would like to dress
like one.
?s3=e _ >^ Boys' sailor suits, in light
$&£z^) blue material (about the
*^JU^^3p|p)\ same shade as Uncle Sam's
■ /^j(_<-^^^ naval colors for his sailors'
>^J^S^l^Sjy\ . suits); large square collar
- i^-*^lff^' anC * su i e^> trimmed with
y^- j'V 4jT^ black braid and soutache
s2~3^( %Z!s< French cuffs; silk ' ribbon
•rn .•-fc^-j^'"""®^ ' bow. Also with green col-
HHJ^b-^-A V ] lar and shield trimmed with
I^*" Vj\J* white silk soutache on red
m Nra inlaid cloth. Knee pants,
Jj m with buckle and bow at the
— ■—' -\3/-. knee for boys 3to 8 years
old.
»",'.",., ■* Jt^SO
Boys' stylish middy suits *^^=^-^j«.
in light blue material ; green W*i Kg
collar and vest trimmed g^^fjj^' ''^^\
with braid and soutache on fi^^l^ '@$wfcs§l
red inlaid clcth. Knee pants JViT^V^ l^
with 'buckle and bow at- the L i3r^ II \\
knee ; for boys 3to 8 years IWl ' \\ '
old. Such a suit will make 1 M '~~ 2^~ r )*»
your boy happy. He f can Ip^^filt?^
play he's one of Uncle | 1 Ilfesr
Sam's midship men, •*[/— »*V jjjji*^*
We've a line of all-wool suits for
boys that are hard on their clothes ;
checks, plaids and neat brown mixtures ;
ages 4to 14 ; for spring and summer
wear.
S. N. WOOD & CO.,
718 Market St.
00 000000 00 00
°«f PALACE vv p t
%GRAND" OT S %
o SAN FRANCISCO. q
~[ «~rnr!eii<>u by ji covered phw>"»s?w»t.
° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. "
O all Under OxEMAXAGEJiE.'ir. O
O NOTE\HE PRICES: O
O European Plan. Sl. OO perday and upw.irl q
American P1an.»3.00 per day and upw^rJ
O . Cnrrespnnilencf Snhciteii. O
O JOHN C. XISKPATiIICK, M»n»gsr. Q
000 OOP OOO OO OOP OO O
. Wright's Indian Vejetalile Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have- used them for over forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
TION, "Torpid Liver. Weak Stomach. Pimples
and purify the blood. ... ' '.V ..- .
Grossman's Specific Mixture
'.- With this remedy -persons . can cure them-
selves ". without the , least ' exposure,, change of
diet or change in application to business. The
medicine contains nothing of the least injury
to the constitution. Ask your druggist . for it.
i Price. $1 a bottle.
over to the head of the Police Depart
ment.
"It Is not true that I was aware that
Robinson intended to resign when he way
granted a -leave of absence," vehemently
remarked the astute Chief. "I knew noth
ing of His intention except that he was
anxious to go east to settle up h:s father's
estate. His father was a very rich man,
and 1 naturally supposed that he left
Captain Robinson a large portion of his
estate. He, however, told me that he in
tended to return to this city as soon as
he succeeded in settling up the estate.
"Now about my nephew. Sergeant
Wolf. He was promoted to the position of
sergeant by Judge Tobin, who realized
his fitness for the place. Four months
before Captain Robinson was granted a
leave of absence Sergeant Wolf was as
signed to duty at the City Prison by
order of the President of the Board of
Police Commissioners.
"After Robinson left the city the Com
missioners decided to allow Wolf to act
as captain of the prison during the ab
sence of 'Handsome \yillie," as he is
familiarly known to his subordinates. I
never intended to use my pull with Com
missioners Alvord or Tobin to promota
Wolf to the responsible position of cap
tain of the prison."
Notwithstanding the Chief's denial it is
known that Judge Tobin, when it became
whispered that Robinson would not re
turn, wrote the head of the department
that under no consideration would he
submit to Wolf being appointed in Rob-
Inson's^ place. He referred to the fact
tnat Wolf had been nlaced in char*/ of
the prison without his consent and warn
ea the (. hief against trying to promote
his relativ.- over the several men who
were manifestly more capable of filling
the position.
*t ls expected that the vacancy will be
Vi jat thl meeting of the board on
Monday ni^ht. There are a number of
candidates for the place, principally
fmong whom are Lieutenants Hanna and
.sirdsall and Sergeants Bidwell, Lind
neimer. Brown and Duncan.
At the same meeting the Commission
ers, it is underst 1, will appoint Ser
geant Mooney lieutenant, to fill the
vacancy caused by the tragic ending of
Lieutenant Burke.
Wolf, it is said, will succeed Mooney at
the O'Farrell-etreel Btation. As the posi
tion is considered one of the softest in
the police department, Lees is determined
that his relative shall get it.
Warrant Number Four.
Another warrant was issued yesterday
from Judge Low's court for the arrest of
W. A. Shepard of the Clerks' Exchange
on the charge of petty larceny. The com
plaining witness this time is Jamea B.
Nelson, who alleges that he paid Shepard
a fee of $5 for a position in a retail dry
goods store, but when he went there he
was told there was no vacancy.
Fell Into a Shaft.
Peter McEwen, secretary of the Geo
graphical Society of California, fell into
an elevator shaft in the sidewalk at Bush
and Kearny streets yesterday afternoon.
He was picked up unconscious and taken
to the Receiving Hospital, where he soon
recovered. He escaped without injury.
POSITIVELY
LAST XVA/O DAYS,
TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW,
ANTIQUE, RARE AND FINE
TURKISH pi IP O
B. 11. l-'AUL'S entiro stock, before his depart-
ure to Alaska.
WILL BE CLOSED) OUT AT UNRESERVED
COMMENCING DAILY AT 2 P. M..
At ICG-108 Grant aye., between Tost and Geary.
As every rug will be sold out regardless of
cost, a life-time chance to buy genuine good*
at your own prices.
N. E. CLARK. Auctioneer.