VOLUME LXXXIII.-NO. 99.
ALL ARE AMERICANS,
ALL ARE PATRIOTS
Most remarkable scene
ever witnessed In the Ameri
can Congress. Without one
voice of dissent Democrats,
Republicans and Populists
alike, without regard to sec
tion, the members of the
House of Representatives
voted to place In the Presi
dent's hands fifty millions
of dollars, and to conferupon
him extraordinary power In :
view of the Spanish crisis.— i
From a telegraphed descrlp- j
tlon-
THE RIGHT OF
BELLIGERENTS TO
BUY WARSHIPS
There Can B^ No Question They
May Be Purchased Where
t ever They Are Found
for Sale.
Call OflSce, Riggs House,
Washington, March 8.
All authorities agree that
nations may purchase war
ships, even after hostilities
have begun, if the neutral na
tion exercises strict impar
tiality between the belliger
ents and the ships are not
armed and outfitted ready for
service. The trade of ship
building is recognized as a
legitimate one, which may be
carried on at all times. Mr.
Clay, when Secretary of State,
laid down the principle as fol
lows:
"If it be forbidden by the
law of nations to sell to a bel
ligerent an armed vessel com
pleted, equipped and ready for
action, it is believed not to be
contrary to the law to sell a
belligerent a vessel in any oth
er state, although it may be
convertible into a ship of
war."
Mr. Clay specified a case in which
Spain and one of the South American
Republics, then at war, each bought
a ship from the same shipbuilder,
which ships afterward met on the
sea and had an engagement. He also
specified the case of Russia selling a
whole fleet of ships to Spain, includ
ing some of the Russian ships of the
line, while Russia held a neutral
position between Spain and the
South American Republics, with
which she was at war.
The subject has been before the j
American courts and in one case Jus- !
tice Story held that "while the sale j
of vessels, armed or unarmed, to
a belligerent is not forbidden by i
international law, such vessels, even
on the way to the purchaser, are
liable to seizure as contraband."
In a later case before the Supreme
Court, the distinction is made be
tween the unlawful act of fitting out |
and arming a ship of war for a bel
ligerent, and the lawful act of sell- !
ing such ships to be converted into .
men-of-war. The decision says that
the distinction is the same as that
between the lawful act of a gunsmith
in selling a pistol and the unlawful
net of the same gunsmith in arrang- '■
ing that a pistol shall be used for a
criminal act.
A good deal is being ace
in the way of preparation in both
the Navy and War Departments.
Secretary Long was particularly
The San Francisco Call
YELLOW PRESS
DOES NOT SPARE
EVEN THE POPE.
Copyrighted, 1898. by James Gordon
Bennett.
MADRID, March B.— Senor Sa
gasta this morning summed up
the situation as follows: "There
Is no cause of alarm. There is
a little war feeling here, but
there is an irrepressible under
current of feeling that Spaii.
must be prepared to uphold her
traditions and that the United
States is determined to force
war, hence every preparation is
being made for the worst.
"Endeavors have been made
by agents of the jingo press to
interview Ministers here in order
to get one or the other to make
some remark which might be
twisted into a mischievous ut
terance, but the Ministers have
wisely refused to receive any in
dividual."
This evening the following is
officially published from the
Spanish Embassador to the Vat
ican:
"To the Minister of State at
Madrid: Cardinal Rampolla
called upon me and told me to
request that the statement be
made to your Excellency that
notice that he had held a con
versation with the correspondent
of the New York Journal on the
subject of Cuba is absolutely
false. His eminence denies en
tirely the statements attributed
to him and says he has not re
ceived any newspaper represen
tative."
Thus the Rampolla interview
turns out to be a shameless fake.
busy. Before 10 o'clock he had
been obliged to retire to his private
office and to deny himself to callers
in order to hold a conference. Sena
tor Lodge was present, as well as
Chairman Hale of the Senate Naval
Committee, Chairman Boutelle of the
House Naval Committee, Captain
Crowninshield, Chief of the Navy Bu
reau; Captain Bradford, Chief of the
Equipment Bureau; Captain Brown
son and Assistant Secretary Roose
velt.
Chief Constructor Hichborn and
Admiral Matthews, Chief of the Bu
reau of Yards and Docks, were also
called to the conference by the Sec
retary to deal with special phases of
the question under consideration. The
conference had to do with prepara
tions for putting the navy at the
highest state of efficiency, and the
Continued on Third rage.
SAX FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 9, 1898.
ARMY AND NAVY
WILL BE READY
FOR THE WAR
It Is the Present Plan of Miles
and Alger to Mass the
American Troops
at Atlanta.
Calf Office, Riggs House,
Washington, D. C, March 8.
A/though it is fully understood
that in the event of war the brunt
of the fighting must be borne by the
navy, the other great arm of the
service will certainly be called into
active service, and it is the purpose
to set aside at least $18,000,000 of
the $50,000,000 for increasing the
number of troops, in supplying equip
ments and in transporting the troops.
There is every indication that the War
Department has determined upon At
lanta as the point for the mobilization
of the land troops in the event of war
with Spain. While the officers of the
army and the officials of the depart
ment are of course very reticent
about their plans, they have undoubt
edly gone so far as to settle upon At
lanta as headquarters of the depart
ment of the East should trouble come.
That a decision to this effect has been
reached was demonstrated to-day by a
remark which a high officer in the
commissary department let fall.
When he was questioned about the ar
rangements which his department had made
he said: "If the order came this morning
to mass 500,000 men at Atlanta the pro
visions to feed them would be there before
the men. The commissary arrangements
hare been all in readiness ever since the
first intimation of trouble. The contractors
say no matter how large the army we put
in the field, nor how long the struggle lasts,
the supplies will be more than ample for all
needs."
It is understood that at the Cabinet meet
ing Secretary Long gave a detailed state
ment of the ships he proposed to buy. Com
mander Brownson, who has been selected
i by Mr. Long to go to Europe as the purchas
ing agent of the Navy Department, has been
given unlimited authority in the matter of
I purchase. It is stated positively that there !
! are only two big fighting vessels in Europe
which this Government desires. Of these
one is being built at Leghorn. Italy, for the
Argentine Republic, while the other is being
constructed for the Brazilian Government by \
the Armstrongs in England. Both are yes- !
sets of the size of the Maine and will carry
an armament similar in weight and size of
guns. Happily, both are practically com
pleted and are now receiving only the finish
ing touches.
Commander Brownson intends to pur
chase these two vessels, and if he believes
it can be done safety he will have them :
sent to this country in their present condi- i
i tion.
Great haste will be required in order to
escape restrictions imposed by the neutral
ity laws. While there are enough guns and
other equipment now on hand to fit out both '
these vessels. Commander Brownson may
decide to purchase a complete armament for
the vessels abroad. In that event he will
obtain the guns for the Argentine battle
, ship from the Krupps at Essen, Germany,
MONTGOMERY SAILS.
KEY WEST, Fla., March B.—
The United States cruiser Mont
gomery sailed at 5:40 this after
noon for Havana. She will be
held at the Cuban capital until
the crisis ends one way or the
other.
♦ ♦
♦ ♦♦♦♦"♦•<♦■♦"♦-♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
while the Armstrongs will supply the guns
for the Brazilian vessel.
In addition to these two ships Secretary
i Long's agent will purchase every torpedo
boat and every torpedo-destroyer that he
: can find. The Government feels the need
of torpedo-boats far more than of the
heavier fighting ships. The only other
vessels of the latter class which this Gov
ernment is anxious io add to our navy are
the two cruisers being constructed for the
Japanese Government — one by the Cramps
at Philadelphia and the other at the Union
Iron Works, San Francisco.
A member of the Naval Affairs Committee
of the House, who has been in almost daily
conference with Secretary Long for the past
few days, is authority for the statement
that a large part of the appropriation of
$50,000,000 will be used in the construc
tion of torpedo-boats in this country, assur
ance having been given by various con
tractors that they could furnish a large
number of them in three months' time.
The proposition to build many more
torpedo-boats meets with the approval of
members of Congress because they can be
quickly constructed, while a cruiser or a
battle-ship could not be built inside a year.
All of these matters were discussed at the
meeting of the Cabinet to-day. The Presi
dent also read to the Cabinet a letter he has
Just received from Consul- General Lee
stating that, although the American colony
were apprehensive for his safety and had
advised him to leave Cuba, he would never
theless stick to his post of duty. Notwith
standing General Lee's confidence in his own
security various members of the Cabinet
expressed fear that in the event of an up
rising, which General Blanco might be un
able to quell, he would become a victim of
the mob. For this reason gratification was
expressed by all that the Montgomery would
soon be in the port of Havana.
Senator Proctor Beturning.
HAVANA, March B.— Senator Proctor,
Miss Clara Barton, Colonel Parker and
Dr. Egan returned to-night from a trip
to Sagua la Grande and Clenfueßos.
Senator Proctor says he feels confident
that he has Induced Walter B. Barker
to withdraw his resignation as United
States consul at Sagua la Grande, and
he will be very much pleased if Mr.
Barker continues in that capacity, as
he considers him a very valuable man.
Senator Proctor, with his friend, Colonel
Parker, expects to leave for Washing
ton to-morrow, as a passenger on the.
Olivette.
NO PARTY LINES
WHEN DUTY'S CALL
AROUSES FREEMEN
FOR THEIR COUNTRY
FIFTY MILLIONS VOTED
TO UPHOLD THE PRESIDENT
IN DEFENDING THE NATION
Never Before in the Present Decade Have Such
Patriotic Speeches Been Made in Congress
by Representatives Aroused to De
fend the Honor of Old Glory.
RESOLVED, That there is hereby appropriated out oF any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, For the national deFense, and For each and every purpose
connected therewith, to be expended at the discretion oF the President and to remain
available until June 30, 1899, $50,000,000.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 8.
In a spirit of patriotism, with elo
quent words ringing in their ears, every
member of the House of Representa
tives to-day responded to the Presi
dent's first call to meet the Spanish situ
ation by casting his vote for a bill plac
i ing in President McKinley's hands $50,
oqo.ooo to be expended at his discretion
for the national defense. Party lines
were swept away, and with a unani
mous voice Congress voted its confi
dence in the administration. Many
members who were paired with absent
colleagues took the responsibility of
breaking their pairs, an unprecedented
thing in executive annals, in order that
they might go on record in support of
this vast appropriation to maintain the
I dignity and honor of their country.
Speaker Reed, who, as the presiding
officer, seldom votes, had his name
called and voted in his capacity as a
Representative.
The scene of enthusiasm that greeted
the announcement of the vote — ayes
311, noes o—has0 — has seldom been paralleled
lin the House. All day long the gal
leries were jammed with enthusiastic
spectators, applauding to the echo the
sterling patriotism of the words of
eloquence which were uttered by the
members on the floor. All the speeches
were brief. Although four hours were
allowed for debate, so great was the
pressure of time that no one member
was given more than five minutes, and
most of them had to content themselves
with a beggarly fraction of a minute.
In all fifty-nine speeches were made,
With one acclaim members from the
North and South. East and West, the
States and the territories, battle-scarred
veterans of the Union and the Confed
erate armies, all joined in proclaiming
their support of the country's chief
magistrate in the face of a possible for
eign war. In the whole debate there
was only a slight discordant note,
caused by the speech of General Bing
ham of Pennsylvania, a gallant soldier
who served with distinction under Han
cock. He spoke too conservatively for
the aroused temper of the House, and
when he insisted that our relations with
Spain were as friendly as they had been
for years many of the members hissed
him. While almost every member who
spoke deprecated the possibility of war,
a wide divergence of opinion as to how
close were hostilities manifested itself
in the debate. The general contention
SPANISH JINGO SERVES THE YELLOW JOURNAL
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
MADRID, March B.— The well-informed Madrid cor
respondent of the Temps is correct in his statement con
firming my dispatch of two or three days ago, saying
the Spanish Government had no Intention of asking for
the recall of General Lee.
The Central News correspondent Is not correct In
issuing a telegram in a contrary sense, and It may be
useful to those desirous of knowing the truth from the
reverse in these critical times to know that the Central
News and the New York Journal's correspondent here is
one and the same person, he being a member of the
staff of the Imparcial, which is the greatest jingo paper
published in Spain, and whose New York correspondent
busies himself dally cabling over here all the items
most likely to inflame the Spanish public, while the cor
respondent here telegraphs to the United States every
thing possible to irritate the jingoes and complicate the
situation.
The combination Is a very dangerous one until un
veiled in all its mischievous bearings.
The alleged opinion given by Cardinal Rampolla for
the Pope favorable to the insurgents is noted here merely
as another of the innumerable falsehoods to which the
yellow press has given birth.
by the majority among the leaders on
both sides was that this appropriation,
by preparing for war, would prove the
surest guarantee of peace. Others in
sisted that war's alarms would soon be
heard, and Mann of Illinois declared
that war actually existed in all save
name. The speeches which attracted
most attention were those of Cannon,
Henderson and Dolliver on the Repub
lican side, and Bailey and Sayers on the
Democratioside.
As soon as the journal had been read
the Speaker rapped for order, and. amid
a deep silence. Chairman Cannon of
fered, as a deficiency bill, the measure
appropriating $50,000,000 for the nation
al defense. It included also several
other items, among which are $100,000
for coal for naval vessels.
When the reading of the bill con
cluded with the item of $50,000,000 for
the national defense a spontaneous
outburst of applause went up from the
members and the galleries. Cannon
and Sayers. the minority member of
the Appropriations Committee, then
mutually proposed the agreement they
had privately made before the House
met for three hours' general debate on
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
the bill, to be followed by one hour's
debate under the five-minute rule.
Barrett (R.) of Massachusetts asked
if the opportunity would be allowed for
amendment, and when Cannon an
swered that he did not know, he ob
jected. His objection was greeted with
hisses and loud cries of "Vote! Vote!"
Barrett, yielding to the urgent ap
peals of the Republicans about him.
withdrew his objection, and the agree
ment as to time was formally ratified.
After the confusion which followed
this dramatic scene had subsided Can
non took the floor to open the debate
on the. bill. He spoke calmly and brief
ly, explaining that the Items in the bill,
save the last, were strictly deficiency
items.
Coming to the all-absorbing item, he
said that, in the present critical con
dition of affairs, the committee had
deemed it wise to appropriate this
sum, placing its expenditure in the
complete discretion of the President.
He referred to the fact that the com-
mittee had been unanimous in its ac
tion and had only changed the wording
of the bill he introduced yesterday by
making the appropriation available un
til January, 1899, instead of June 30,
1899. This, he pointed out, would tide2
PATRIOTISM CALLS TO THE NATION
the adminstration over the time of the
probable adjournment of Congress.
"We have the money in the
treasury to meet this appropriation if
it is expended," he continued, "an-i
therefore there is not presented with
this proposition one to borrow money
or to increase taxation, which almost
any other nation on earth would be
obliged to resort to." (Tremendous ap
plause.)
The appropriation, he contended, was
extraordinary. Its object was to em
power the President in an orderly way
to prepare for contingencies. He in
sisted that this appropriation must not
be construed into a threat. Nothing
was further from the minds of those
who reported it. This appropriation
whs to be placed in the hands of a wise
and patriotic executive to make
proper preparations to maintain the
national honor, nothing more.
"It is not a war appropriation," said
he emphatically. "I say that, in my
Judgment, it is a peace measure. The
raiment of the United States would
not, if it could, trench upon the rights
of any nation on earth." (Great ap
plause, i
Savers of Texas, the ranking member
of the minority, followed Cannon. His
tlrst statement, to the effect that, in
the presence of possible danger, this
appropriation had met with the hearty
unanimous indorsement of the Appro
priation Committee without regard to
party, aroused the House to enthu
siasm. He, too. declared that it could
not be construed as a threat. It was
simply a wise and patriotic precaution
—the arming of the executive with
power to maintain our dignity after
Congress adjourned. Sayers expressed
confidence that the money voted would
be wisely and economically expended
and closed amid great applause by
saying that he for one would be found
giving honest and sincere support to
the President in his efforts to support
the honor and dignity of the American
nation.
Dockery (D.) of Missouri began by
Baying that the hour for action had
arrived and that the American people
must face an important emergency —
an emergency in which no American
citizen could falter or hesitate as to
his duty. At such a time, he said, party
should fade away and the coun
try should act ;is one man.
Livingston <D.) of Georgia supported
the measure in a vigorous speech. He
said he took this position because he
believed that an emergency exists, but
he contended that if the administra
tion had acted as it should have done
twelve months ago in declaring a state
of belligerency, the present occasion
for voting emergency money would
have been avoided.
Allen (D.) of Mississippi was next
: . nized amid general expectancy.
He did not make a humorous speech,
but a patriotic one.
'I desire," he said, "to say for the
people I represent and for the south
ern section of the ccmntry, for the en
tire country, that there was never a
time when all were so ready to give an
administration all the money it may
need to preserve the honor, the dignity
and the general welfare of the country,
to say nothing of fair play and jus
tice."
The people of the South, he contin
ued, ask for nothing more. They are
not jingoes nor extremists, but they
are facing the emergency calmly and
quietly, only asking that the country's
iii.-iitutions and traditions may be
protected and respected. They do not
want to hurt anybody, and are not
urging any rash action, but they are
ready to honor any draft, whether for
men or money, to keep the flag afloat.
Mcßae (D.) of Arkansas followed in
similar strains. He said the occasion
was the most important that had con
fronted the people in the last half
century. If necessary to protect our
honor or dignity he was willing to
increase the appropriation to any ex
tent required, for the flag which float
ed over the Capitol was his flag and
the flag of his people, and it must be
kept there.
Bell (Pop.) of Colorado spoke ear
nestly for the bill. There were, he
eaid, now no Populists, no Republicans
and no Democrats, but all were Ameri
can citizens. There was no time to
dwL-li upon what might have been, but
It was enough to know that the time
had come when the Government need
ed support.
Northway (R.) of Ohio declared that
he did not consider the bill a war
measure, but rather a* one calculated
to preserve and secure peace. At the
same time, he said, we all know full
well that there is a spirit of war
abroad, and our relations with other
countries appear to render this step
necessary. He was pleased to see that
the members were speaking, not as
partisans, but as patriots, bringing to
his mind the familiar lines:
"Breathes there a man with soul so
dead.
"Who to himself hath never said,
"This is my own, my native land."
Boutelle (R.) of Maine, chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, said
that while no argument was necessary
on this measure he desired to say that
he had been instructed by his commit
tee to express the hearty indorsement
of that committee. His only regret, he
said, was that this appropriation was
not allowed to stand absolutely alone
as a proclamation to our country, and
to the world that Congress stood ready
to vote millions to arm the executive
to uphold the dignity of the flag.
Hopkins (R.) of Illinois after stat
ing his great confidence in the Presi
dent expressed the hope that there
would be no war. Thirty-three years
of peace, he said, had not obliterated
the ravages of the civil war. We did
not want its horrors repeated. "We
are too powerful to play the bully, too
Christian to want to engage in war.
Let us not be hysterical. Let us show
the world that moderation and firmness
are more than bustle and bravado;
that a wise conservatism will do more
than Jingoism to obtain the independ
ence of Cuba.
Cooper (P.) of Texas in a speech of
two minutes recalled the eloquent
words: "Millions for defense, but" not a
cent for tribute."
Our coast was exposed, he said, from
Maine to the Rio Grande, and in the
taee of war it was the duty of all with
out regard to party to support any
measure for the national defense.
"The aspirations of my soul," he con
cluded, "are that war may be avoided,
but should it come, I say to you in be
half of my beloved Texans that they
will rush to the nation's defense cheer
fully."
Bland (D.) of Missouri said that
while no debate was essential to the
passage of the bill, it was important
to show the country and the world that
the American people through their
Representatives without distinction of
: party were ready to uphold the admin
istration in the present crisis.
Fitzgerald (D.) of Massachusetts
took occasion to refer to an alleged ut
terance of a Catholic priest same time
ago to the effect that if war came the
sympathy and support of the Catholic
church would be with Spain because
it was a Catholic country. While, he
said, he did not believe the priest had
uttered such a sentiment, it had at
tracted widespread attention, and as
a Catholic he desired to repudiate it.
If war came the people of that faith,
he declared, would be more willing to
shed their blood in defense of their
country than those who had valiantly
defended it in the War of the Revolu
tion, the War of ISI2, the Mexican War
and the Civil War.
McMillln (D.) of Tennessee, while
reiterating his firm belief in the doc
trine of the strictest economy in pub
lic expenditures, said he gave the bill
his hearty support.
Wheeler (D.) t/f Alabama also en
thusiastically supported the bill, as did
Briggs (D.) of New York and Gros
venor (R.) of Ohio.
Grosvenor aroused the House to
cheers by his eulogy of the President's
patriotism. He began thus:
"Saxon and Norman and Dane are
we.
"But we are all Danes In our wel
come to thee."
"Thus spake the heart of the great
British public when the daughter of
the Sea King came to her shores.
Democrat and Populist and Republi
can are we, but we are all true to the
nag of our country to-day. Mr.
Speaker, no more inspiring picture can
be witnessed anywhere on earth than
the demonstrations which we have
seen during the last thirty, sixty and
ninety days of the power of a great
people, a free government, not only to
stand for the flag of their country, the
unity of the Government, the suprem
acy of the constitution, but for their
dignity and calmness exhibited in the
face of the world. The American people
have had a great deal to stir the blood
of enthusiawi, a great deal to carry
them off the feet of their calm judg
ment. But the picture that the world
has seen is the picture of a nation
calmly studying every question as it
arose, and as step by step danger
seemed to come, threatening with its
dark frowning face, all distinctions
fled away. It will be worth more than
$50,000,000 to the American people to
know that the great heart of this peo
ple is a unit in favor of the Govern
ment. [Applause.] I have long thought
that it was possible that war might be
a benefit to our country in this direc
tion, but the demonstration of the last
thirty days and its culmination, which
is to take place in this capitol to-day
and to-morrow, takes the place in the
judgment of mankind of war, as an j
evidence of the unity of a mighty na- j
tion. [Applause.] How magnificently j
has this duty been approached and j
performed? A doubt about the Ameri- j
can people! Hesitation about the char- !
acter of the executive! A man who j
marched and fought at Antietam and
in the Vailey of Virginia, who followed i
the fortunes of Sheridan in the great i
charge- of that memorable campaign, |
who stood from his boyhood of IS years )
to his manhood in the face and fire of j
battle — does anybody doubt where his i
loyalty is, where his patriotism, where I
his courage is? [Applause.]
"Calmly and deliberately he has con
sidered every threatening circumstance,
and calmly and deliberately behind
him have stood 75.000,000 of people con
fident in him, confident in the patriot
ism of the people, true and faithful to
the loyalty that has come to us from
a thousand battle-fields that saved the
Union. How magnificent it is! I said
some days ago that I had longed to
live until I might know that this people
was a united people. I have always felt
that the actions of 1861 to "65 were poor
ly done, that the blood was ill spilled
if at the end of this long period we
had not a united nation. Thank God.
I have lived to see the hour come, the
day dawn and universal loyalty the
watchword of every man, woman and
child." (Applause.)
He concluded with the statement
that he would not vote for the bill as
a war measure.
Bromwell of Ohio spoke earnestly for
the bill.
Hay (D.) took advantage of the op
portunity to refer in complimentary
terms to the part that Consul-General
Lee is playing in th«? present contin
gency. He said that General Lee was
sustaining so well the good name of the
State in performing his duty as to win
the encomiums of the entire nation, and
that at such a time it was a gen
uine satisfaction to have such a man
as Fitzhugh Lee at such a post.
The reference to General Lee called
up loud applause, both from the floor
and the galleries.
Berry (D.) of Kentucky said that
Kentucky was willing to make the ap
propriation $500,000,000 if necessary and
the soldiers who had followed Old Hick
ory to New Orleans and Scott to Mex
ico were willing, if necessary, to follow
the same flag they followed then until
it should wave triumphantly from Mnrrn
Castle. The soldiers of Kentucky would
move eltow to elbow with those of
Massachusetts.
Terry (D.) of Arkansas said there
were worse things than war. While
Arkansas was not able to attack, her
sons would be there whenever it should
come. If occasion should call the State
would send 100,000 defenders of the
flag.
Lewis (D.) of Washington said the
Pacific Coast was as loyal to the pres
ent emergency as any other section.
Right or wrong, he was for his country.
Cochran (D.) of Missouri said he
would vote for the bill because it would
signalize the building up of another
commonwealth, and be an admonition
to Spain that Cuba was forever lost.
He accepted it as a war measure and
as a consolation to Gomez and his fol
lowers.
Blngham (R.) of Pennsylvania
caused the first note of discordance
that was heard. While supporting the
bill on general principles, he was avow
edly out of sympathy with the common
Interpretation of the meaning of the
bill, and as a consequence he was vig
orously hissed twice during the prog
ress of his remarks — once when he re
ferred to General Lee, and at the close,
when he asserted that the relations be
tween the United States and Spain are
in no way strained.
Bingham began by referring to the
day's proceedings of the House as akin
to the "methods of yellow dog Journal
ism." He had no sympathy, he said,
with the apparent tendency of the
House, and especially none with the
evident disposition to seize the oppor
tunity for a display of Jingoism that
was by no means edifying. Still, Bing
ham announced hfs purpose to support
the bill.
"I care nothing," he exclaimed, "for
the bravery and courage of Mr. Lee of
which we hear so much on this floor,"
and he was proceeding to say that what
we want in General Lee at the«present
time is the exhibition of his best Judg
ment and common sense, but the sen
tence was almost drowned in the
shower of hisses with which the re
martt was received.
This evidence of disapproval came es
pecially from the Democratic side. It
did not appear to disconcert Bingham,
who continued his remarks by a gen
eral disparagement of the war spirit.
"I favor this appropriation," he said,
in conclusion, "but I condemn on this
floor to-day the utterances of any de
claration that the relations of this
country with Spain are otherwise than
they have been for years past — friend
ly, reasonable, International relations."
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 9, 1898.
CAPTAIN CHARLES O'NEIL, U. S. N., Chief of the
Bureau of Ordnance.
This utterance was received with
hisses, which were only suppressed by
a vigorous pounding of the Speaker's
gavel.
De Armond (D.) of Missouri was
pleased at the unanimity displayed,
manifesting more a love for liberty
than a spirit of partisanship. •
In strong contrast with the reception
given to Bingham was that of Dolliver
(R.) <rf lowa, one of the most eloquent '
members of the House.
"Mr. Speaker," said Mr. Dolliver,
"with a thousand relations of direct
national interest, not to speak of the
larger and higher relations of human
ity, the United States during the
course of the Cuban insurrection has
consistently acted within a strict in- ,
terpretation of the law of neutrality.
We have literally stood aloof, while ■
the Spanish Ministry has feebly and ,
vainly labored t<> restore its authority j
in the island of Cuba. In th« midst '
of the noise and confusion of that sit
uation the President of the United
States has stood unmoved by clamor in
Congress or out, steadily keeping the
nation within the accepted code of in
ternational duty in the great hope of
peace — peace without the loss of lib
erty for Cuba, and peace without the
loss of respect for ourselves. (Ap
plause.)
"In that attitude it is gratifying for
every one of us to know that he has
had the support of the American peo
ple, a support that has drawn ail the
closer to him in these days of patient
waiting, as we have, under the shadow
of a great national affliction, been i
searching for the bodies of c/ur dead
in the harbor of Havana. Great and
In many respects permanent prepara- j
tions have been made for the national
defense, and it is altogether proper
that the Congress of the United States !
at this time should have a share in the j
responsibilities.
"Let us this day, therefore, laying
aside all the differences of party poli
tics, give to the President of the United
States, not in a bare and meager way,
but in the spirit of the broadest patriot- ■
Ism. this earnest avowal of the national \
confidence. I cannot endanger the
cause of peace to have the world un
derstand that our solemn purpose of
avoiding as far as possible the infernal
horrors of war, does not include any .
inclination to spare either blood or j
treasure in the protection of the na
tional riphts or in the discharge of na
tional duties." (Applause).
Davidson (R.) of Wisconsin paid a
tribute to the "superb American who
was doing his duty at Havana," which
was loudly applauded.
Walker (R.) of Virginia, who was a
general in the Confederate army, said j
his people were for peace if peace could
be maintained with honor. They knew
the horrors of war. and they shrank in
stinctively from its renewal, but they
would do their duty If it came.
Mann (R.) of Illinois declared that
this appropriation meant war, and was
heartily indorsed by the people of the
West. War was not coining; it already |
existed.
De Graffenried (D.) of Texas ex
pressed his pleasure that the South at |
last was able to dispel the lie, so often
reiterated, that she was still disloyal.
If war came, the red stripes of the flag
would become redder by the blood of
the Southern people, who were ready to
die in its defense.
Dinsmore (D.) of Arkansas said he
would vote for the bill because he be
lieved that eternal vigilance was the
price of liberty.
Bailey, the Democratic leader, sup
ported the bill in a five-minute speech.
Bailey said: "This is an extraordi
nary power with which to cloth,e th*
President. It is a power, which, in
the ordinary times, I would not com
mit to any man, however exalted his
station or however high his character.
But, sir, these are not ordinary times,
and the rules of safety and of pru
dence which govern us in days of peace
will yield before the great emergency
which now confronts the nation. It
ought to be understood in Spain and it
ought to be understood in every coun
try on the globe that, while this great
republic sincerely desires to be at
peace, it is prepared for war, if war
becomes inevitable." [Loud applause.]
"I hope the crisis may be reached and
passed without a conflict of arms; but
I confess that my judgment and hope
are at variance in this respect. I fear
that we have gone too far to escape
the worst, and while I believe that we
have gone farther than would have
been necessary if at the proper time we
had granted the prayer of the Cuban
patriots and had simply recognized
their right to fight for the independ
ence of the country — [loud ap
plause] — yet the time for that discus
sion has passed. We must deal with
this question as it is, not as we would
have it to be; and, approaching it in
this broader spirit, we stand ready to
say to those who administer the Gov
ernment that whatever may be needed
for the national honor and the national
defense, we are ready to give and give
ungrudgingly. [Applause.]
"I hope wise counsels will prevail,
and that if war shall come it will come
upon a great and sufficient cause. I
have no sympathy with those rash and
intemperate spirits who would provoke
war simply for the sake of fighting;
and yet I would rather follow them
and suffer all the miseries and misfor
tunes their heedles.sness would bring
than to follow these other contemptible
mercena'-y creatures who are crying
out for 'Peace at any price.' [Great
applause.] Peace is desirable, but not
so desirable that it be purchased at the
sacrifice of national honor. Let us in
this way adopt the motto of our fathers
in the elder and better days of this re
public, and let us say to all the world
now as then: 'We are ready to spend
millions for defense, but not one cent
for tribute.' ; .-< ; plause.J And let us
add another and ijobler motio: 'We are
for peace as ions as it can be main
tained with honor, but we are for honor
if war is aecesftary to defend our flag
or protect the rights of American citi
zens anywhere throughout the world.'
[Applause.] This war, if war it be, will
have another ■ ompensation. It will for
ever efface from the memory of our
countrymen those dreadful times of
civil strife, and the men whose courage
made the first Manassas one of the
world's historic battlefields will join
with those who immortalized Gettys
burg, and together they will consecrate
a new battlefield combining the glories
of both." [Great applause.]
Henderson (It.) of lowa said: "I
have read of the elder days of the re
public. I have lived in the better days
of the republic [Applause.] The les
son of this afternoon is a beautiful one.
In the elder days there were Tories. I
fear a Tory would be thrown out of
this hall this afternoon. (Applause).
But. Mr. Speaker, there will be no war.
That is my judgment. I do not believe
that war is hanging over the American
people. In this republic our great aim
should be for peace. The truest pa
triot is he who secures and keeps peace
for his people. It is easy to be an ani
mal. It is easy to use claws and teeth
to fight. He who can hold aloft in his
country the white flag of peace — not of
cowardice— stands- nearest to his God.
[Applause.] No country on earth
would seek to avoid war as this coun
try does. No country on earth need
fear less than America. [Applause.]
With our boundless resources, with our
great credit, with a great people, no
matter what their past, we are abso
lutely uniteci in standing as one man, I
say that no country is so well armed
for war as the United States of Ameri
ca. I do not speak for lowa, I speak
as a citizen of the United States, and
I believe that to-day we are heart and
hand together for what is best for this
republic.
"The young man who to-day pledges
all the vigor of his early manhood
for his country commands respect, but
I do not believe he will have to use
it. I have had letters from people
wanting us to take Cuba to punish
Spain. I simply write back that no in
ternational law makes the United
States the regulator of the wrongs of
earth. God has written no motto on
the banner of our country that de
mands of us the regulation of the
wrongs of other countries to their peo
ple. We all sympathize with the lib
erty-loving and fighting Cubans, but
they are the citizens of another gov
ernment. So long as that question is
before us I follow the advice of Wash
ington in commanding that we mind
strictly our own business. [Applaus.?.]
But if they touch the rights of this
country or dare to lay unholy hands
upon our territory or our rights, then
I become a fighting Quaker and will
join the vigorous manhood of my
young friend who spoke. [Applause.]
But let ub not lose our heads while our
hearts are beating. He can fight best
who keeps his blood the coolest. He
can save his people the best who
thinks most before striking. This ad
ministration, President and Cabinet,
is as patriotic as any man on this floor,
and I claim no more for it. [Applause.]
This administration will look before it
leaps. This day's work and to-mor
row's shows that when the leap is
taken this country will bo back of it."
[Applause.]
Shafroth (Sil. R.) of Colorado gave
three reasons for his support of the
measure, as follows:
First — Because it was a measure of
defense.
Second — Because it expressed confi
dence in the President and was an as
surance that Congress and the country
would stand by him.
Third — Because it was a declaration
to the world that although the people
were divided on political matters, when
it came to a question of the national
honor and the national defense we are
united.
Lacey (R.) of lowa refused to even
consume the brief two minutes of time
awarded him, saying that he thought
the most effective and eloquent action
would have been to call the roll with
out any speech-making.
Mercer (R.) of Nebraska opened with
the remark, "God reigns and the Re
publican party at Washington still
lives," which was greeted with laugh
ter. Mercer said this was the greatest
country on earth in time of peace, and
he had no doubt it would prove the
greatest country on earth in time of
war if called upon to display its spirit.
Settle (D.) of Kentucky spoke eulo
gistically of the President. ' lie said
he had told the Democrats of Kentucky
that he would support Mr. McKinley in
every good work he might inaugurate,
and he was here to redeem the pledge.
His only regret was that the oppor
tunity had not presented itself before,
for he thought the curtain should bft
rung down on the horrible drama
which was being enacted off the south
ern border of this country.
Maguire of California said he sup
ported the bill becaused he believed,
upon the assurance coming from the
President of the United States, who
was in a position to know that the ap
propriation was reasonably necessary
as a precaution against the present
danger of war.
"It is probably true," said he, "as
stated by Chairman Cannon that this
is not a war measure and that war is
not imminent, but such an extraordi
nary appropriation cannot be made as
an ordinary peace measure. It is neither
prudent, justifiable, nor safe to follow
the example of monarchical nations by
putting or keeping this nation on a war
footing in times of peace. To do so
would involve more danger than pro
tection to our free institutions."
Speaking of the attitude of the Pacific
Coast, he said: "The people of Califor
nia and of the whole Pacific Slope are
ready to back up the Federal Govern
ment in every reasonable preparation
to resist invasion or to uphold the
honor or maintain the rights of this
Government. Their loyalty is ever
present and needs no pledge or guaran
tee from their Representatives here."
In reply to General Grosvenor's sug
gestion that the President could be
trusted because of his loyalty and mili
tary service during the war, he said:
"I do not trust him because he followed
Sheridan through the Shenandoah Val
ley, nor because of anything else in his
military career or civic record, but be
cause a majority of my fellow-citizens
have selected him as one supremely
worthy of trust and confidence, and
because I believe that clothed with this
power he will not abuse public con
fidence."
Minor speeches were made by Bruck
ner (D.) of Michigan, Sparkman (D.) of
Florida, Stokes (D.) of North Carolina,
Bartlett (D.) of Georgia. Green (Pop.)
of Nebraska, Keller (Pop.) of South
Dakota, Spalding (R.) of Michigan,
Ferris (R.) of Indiana, Graff (R.) of
Illinois, L,acey (R.) of lowa, Prince (R.)
of Illinois, Belknap (R.) of Illinois,
Marsh (R.) of Illinois, Brumm (R.) of
Pennsylvania, Callahan, Delegate, Ok
lohoma; Ferguson, Delegate, New
Mexico; Gibson (Rep.) of Tennessee.
Lovering (R.) «<f Massachusetts and
Fleming (D.) of Georgia. The debate
closed at 4:20 p. m.
When the question was put on the
passage of the bill the whole House
rose en masse in its favor, but Cannon
asked for the ayes and noes. He did
so, he said, at the request of many
members who desired that every mem
ber should go on record.
Every member present voted for the
bill, many of them assuming the re
sponsibility of breaking their pairs in
order to place themselves on record. At
the conclusion of the roll call the
Speaker had his name called, an un
necessary proceeding, and amid great
applause voted for the bill. 'When he
announced the vote, 311 ayes, noes none,
an enthusiastic demonstration occurred.
The House then at 4:55 o'clock ad
journed.
WILL BE SPEEDILY
PASSED BY THE SENATE.
WASHINGTON. March B.— To-day's
session of the Senate was largely de
voted to the consideration of the Dis
trict of Columbia appropriation bill.
After an extended discussion the bill,
containing a provision for the reduc
tion of about one-half of the present
rates of telephone charges in the dis
trict, was passed.
During the debate on the telephone
amendment Berry of Arkansas criti
cized Faulkner of West Virginia, say
ing that a man who sent out tons of
anti-monopoly literature in 1S:?6 ought
not to be supporting a monopoly now.
Faulkner retorted that he did not be
lieve the Democratic party wanted ac
tion first and investigation afterward.
Gorman of Maryland advocated
awaiting the action of the committee
which was investigating the question.
He denounced the charges made by
Senator Berry against Faulkner "as
one of the most outrageous attacks in
the history of the Senate."
The bill for the relief of the Metho
dist Episcopal church. South, of Ten
nessee, appropriating $288,000, was then
passed after a brief debate.
Morgan of Alabama in supporting the
bill said this was a fitting opportunity
to pass this bill, when just a short time
ago a measure had been sent by the
House to the Senate providing for
money to be used in anticipation of a
war — a war which, should it come,
would be fought by a country now
thoroughly united. '
At 4:50, during the discussion of the
bill, a messafe was received from the
House conveying to the Senate the bill
appropriating sso,lß3,ooo for national de
fense. Just passed by the House. The
bill was laid before the Senate, and on
motion of Allison of lowa referred to
the Committee on Appropriation.
Allen of Nebraska presented and se
cured the adoption of a resolution call-
Ing upon the Attorney-General to In
form the Senate how many writs of
Injunction were granted during 1597-98
by the United States courts against
labor leaders and labor organizations,
with certified copies of such writs, af
fidavits and other papers.
At 5:45 o'clock the Senate adjourned.
COMMENT OF THF
ENGLISH PRESS
LONDON, March 9.— The Morning
Post editorially comments on the
adoption of the Cannon resolution by
the House, and adds: It is an em
phatic way of saying that the Ameri
can statesmen intend to stand by their
declarations. People who talk about
national honor and responsibility ought
to be prepared to put their money
down.
The Daily News says: Speaking
generally, the United States never are
prepared for war. Yet. It cannot be
said that their diplomacy has suffered
from this palpable and notorious truth.
Therefore the assertions ut American
statesmen that they are voting £10,
000,000 as a peace measure are hardly
convincing explanations of this sudden
change from tranquil inactivity to
acute vigilance. Our Washington cor
respondent has obtained from a mem
ber of the executive Cabinet a positive
assurance that the Maine disaster had
nothing to do with the vote. This is
a most important declaration, looking
to the fact that President McKinley
may not always be able to control pub
lic opinion. America and Spain would
be wise to find some honorable way
out of a hopeless and discreditable
deadlock.
COMPILING THE
MUSTER ROLLS
Assessors Are Inquiring
for Abie-Bodied
Citizens.
More Cere Being Taken in the
Work This Year Than
Ever Before.
Collector Block Says He Has Had No
Orders — Those Who Compose
the Militia.
With the beginning of March the As
sessor's deputies started on their
rounds, but this year they have added
a feature which in past years has
been rather overlooked. It is the
duty of the Assessor in every county
but San Francisco to turn in to the Su
pervisors a correct roll of the persons
within his district who are liable for
military duty; in San Francisco this
is done by the Tax Collector.
Last year there was no roll made out
by the Assessor, on the ground that it
was not his legal duty to attend to it,
and so the Tax Collector had to make
it out by himself with no accurate in
formation to go by. This year, how
ever, there has been no clash of au
thority; the Assessor's deputies are
making the canvass at the same time
that they are making out the tax 10I!
and the Tax Collector will from the
statistics thus gained make out a roll
more complete than any that has been
made in some time.
The section of the Political Code
which provides for the making out of
these military rolls reads as follows:
Section 1897. The District or County As
sessor of each and every. revenue district
or county of this State must, at the same
time in each year when he prepares a
roll containing the taxable inhabitants of
his district or county, enroll all the in
habitants thereof subject to military
duty, which roll must be sworn to by him
and delivered to the clerk of the Board of
Supervisors at the time he delivers the
assessment roll. In the city and county
of San Francisco the Tax Collector must
perform the duties by this section im
posed upon Assessors.
The penalty for a neglect of this duty
is a fine of not more than $1000 nor less
than $300, in addition to such other
penalties as neglect of duty may bring.
These rolls must be verified by the
Boards of Equalization and a copy
must be sent to the brigadier-general in
whose brigade any particular county
may be.
It is this work which is being done
now more thoroughly than ever before
It has always been a sort of perfunc
tory duty, but the situation this year
has made it of the utmost importance,
and it is being done well.
Tax Collector Block, who will make
out the final rolls, says there have been
no orders issued to him to rush matters
in that direction, either from the State
or from the Federal Government, and
he says so far as he knows no orders
have been issued to Assessor Siebe. It
is a fact, however, that the assessors
are making particular inquiries as to
able-bodied citizens, a characteristic
which in previous years uas not promi
nent in the deputies' work.
There is much confusion in regard to
the exact meaning of the term "militia"
and just who is and who is not liable
for military duty in this State. Every
person subject to military duty is a
member of the enrolled militia. Sec
tion 1895 of the Political Code defines
those subject to military duty as:
Every able-bodied male inhabitant of
this State, except Mongolians and In
dl:ins between the ages of 18 and 4o
years, not exempt by law. But no alien
is obliged to serve or bear arms against
the State to which his allegiance is due.
The code then goes on to define who
is exempt under the law. These are:
Ministers of religion, civil and military
officers of the United States, officers of
foreign Governments, civil officers of
the State of California, all persons ex
empt from military duty by the laws
of the United States. The United States
exemptions are almost similar.
It is these militia rolls which the as
sessors are now compiling. When com
pleted they will show over 100,000 men
liable for duty in this city.
The National Guard is but a branch
of the enrolled militia. Under the code
it is known as the "organized and uni
formed militia of the State of Califor
nia." It is composed of those liable for
military duty who are willing to prac
tice such duty in times of peace. Its
formation follows that of the regular
army until the brigade is reached; then
that formation becomes more than a
mere military unit. The brigade not
only includes those companies of the
National Guard under command of the
brigadier-general, but all the militia
within its geographical limits, and in
case of a draft the assessors' rolls would
be taken out and the ranks would be
filled much in the same manner as a
lottery is drawn. It is the duty of the
brigadier-general to keep informed as
to how many men he has within the
limits of his brigade amenrfble to mili
tary service, and he must send copies
of his rolls to the War Department.
The rolls now being compiled must
be in the hands of the brigadier-gene
ral in time to allow him to have his
muster rolls made out from them by
the first day of October; but it can be
done sooner, and will be should the oc
casion arise.
Old Veterans Are Aroused.
SAN DIEGO. March 8. — Old veterans
have organized and propose to muster
three companies of young men in this
county to offer to the Government,
preferably for the artillery service.
Battery D moves to Ballast Point to
morrow to take charge of the fortifica
tions. Three 10-inch guns are to be
mounted, beginning Friday.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Swollen anc[ Painful.
Rheumatism Appeared in the Knee,
Foot and Ankle— Hood's Cured.
"I was taken with a pain in my right
hip. In two days it went to my knee
which became swollen and painful. My
foot and ankle were also affected and I
could not walk. I took Hood's Sar-
saparilla, the pains soon disappeared
and I have never had any symptom
of them since." IRENA A. HARRIS,
Irving, Oregon.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. II; six for $3.
HOOD'S FILLS are the favorite cathartic. 2Jc
SAYS IT IS
VERY SERIOUS
General Miles Speaks of
the Situation of the
Nation.
The Army Could Consume the
Entire Appropriation of
Fifty Millions.
Truly the Country Will Soon Bo Pro
pared to Face Any Possible
Emergency.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. March B.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Major General Miles said to me to
night: "We do not know how much
of the new appropriation the President
will decide to allot to the War Depart
ment. It is not likely that any definite
apportionment will be made to each de
partment, but expenditures of different
amounts will be authorized according *^
to the necessities of the situation. No
new contracts have as yet been made
by the department in view of the new
appropriation, but many large ones are
under consideration for rapid-fire and.
large-caliber sea coast guns, ammuni
tion, etc. Some of these contracts will
be for ordnance ready to hand an<t
others for supplies to be manufactured.
Representatives of the more important
ordnance manufacturers were at the
department to-day and some important
contracts will fte awarded in a day or
two. The preparations which will be
made will in all probability be no great
er than the department would have
made long ago if we had had adequate
appropriations. The War Department
alone could easily and economically
spend the entire $50,000,000 in puttlQg
the country on merely a substantial
peace footing. It can be stated that
every dollar that the President feels
justified in allotting to the War De
partment will be expended within the
limit of availability of the appropria-
tion.
To Cure a Cold In One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. All
druggists refund the money if X falls to cure.
25c. The genuine has I* B. Q. on each tablet.
SEIZURE OF AN
AMERICAN SCHOONER.
HAVANA, March B.— The Spanish
gunboat Ardilla has captured in an in
let near Casilda, on the south coast of
Cuba, the American schooner Esther,
of Edenton, N. C, bound from Pensa
cola to Jamaica.
The captain of the schooner was
asked to give the reason for the pres
ence of his vessel in the inlet, and
claimed that his rudder was broken. No
further details of the affair liaA-e bf©r» .
received, but if the statement of the
captain of the Esther turns out to be
correct the schooner will be liberated.
The captain has protested against the
seizure of his vessel. The Esther is of
11.31 tons gross register.
THE TRUTH
IT ■- IS UNFORTUNATE
that you will go on try-
ing to make yourself be-
lieve that "ou are getting
better." Do those spots
appear less frequently be-
fore the eyes In the morn-
ing? Do you sleep better
than you did? Are you
less nervous than you
were? Is there '• any
change in the clammy
sweats that you have had ?
<."., , "Why try to fool yourself,
man? "Away goes the
rock," as surely as drains
or droppings continue. And
. you are not even as solid
as a rock. Change all this
like a sensible man. Ask
-■•;•'■ the doctors of the Hudso-
nlan . Institute how they
have cured 10,000 people.
v p: i They will tell you. Free,
THE DAY
X XliJ Im* A X -
There Is no time like to-
' ' day. You think. you have
a mortgage on to-morrow;
but. . my friend, you will
wake up some fine day to
find cut that you have not
—that is. if you are not
very careful. "A stitch In
time saves nine." Nothing
more true than that was
ever uttered. Can you not
see that the very reckless
way in which you are liv-
.' ing will result in most se-
rious trouble? Why not \
'■■ get good help In time?
Surely it is not because
you don't want it. No one
Is more conscious than
you of the weakening
'. .>- process that •is ' going on.
It has been stopped in ten *i
. - , thousand cases. Let it be '
stopped in yours. Be
THE MAN^-
II
It Is true that the grand doctors of the
Institute work splendid cures In all cases
of blood taint. They have circulars tell-
ing of the "30-day blood cure,' which are
sent free to all inquirers, dust think for
a moment as to whether you have any
copper-colored spots on your body ? Have
you any lumps in the throat? Are your
eyebrows £etting thin? If so make up
your mind that your blood is tainted. But
the "30-day blood cure" will surely de-
stroy all effects of this nature. It is as
sure in its action as is "HUDYAN," and
that never fails to cure each and every
form of weakened manhood. ' Medical ad-
r vice free. Circulars free I
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS BTS.
San Francisco, Cal.
D "D TT CJ O FOR BARBERS. BA K-
bku anna s jr^A^x
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera.
dyer*, flourmllla. ' foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, . printers, . painters, , shoe factories
■tablemen, tar-roofer», tanners, tailors, etc. ' ■•
i BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers.6o9 Sacramento St
ssopiuii
aixiß of vri %S 111!
The par* essential extract from the native drag. Con*
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium!
without fta noxious elements. : No sickness cf stomm-h|
no Tomlt.na mo coettrenen; no headache. All t>ru^>- j,AROUSED TO THE DANGER OF WAR
DANGER
POINT NOT
PASSED
The President Will De=
mand PeaGe for
Cuba.
It Is Here That the Officers of
the Government Look for
a War With Spain.
NEW YORK. March S.— The
Herald's Washington correspon
dent telegraphs: Amid the war
like preparations now actively in
progress there is a peaceful tone
to all the utterances of Federal
officials in Washington. A sense
of security has come over them
as a result of the universal sup
port given to the President's
recommendation for strengthen
ing our national defenses, and
the extraordinary action of the
House of Representatives in vot
ing without a dissenting vote un
precedented powers to the Pres
ident.
Troublesome times are still
ahead, they all admit, but they
can now use every resource of
the country to prepare for trou
ble, and they believe Spain's
knowledge of this will lead her to
hesitate and to avoid conflict.
They may misjudge the temper of the j
Spanish people, and may underestimate j
the present war sentiment in Spain, but
it is demonstrated by talks I had to
day with several high Federal officials
that they are confidently expecting our
elaborate military and naval prepara
tlona will tend to stave off rather than
provoke war.
The authorities all admit, however,
that we have not yet reached the dan
ger point of the situation. It is coming
soon.
Within a very short time the find
ings of the Court of Inquiry investl- |
gating the Maine disaster will be in j
the hands of the President. There is j
no longer a shadow of doubt in the j
minds of the administration that the ;
board will find that the vessel was I
ny. by some external agency. I t
was assured of this by a high official
who, while stating that he did not know
Just when the report would be sub- ,
mitted. said enough was already known ]
to leave no room for doubt that Spain
would be held responsible for the Maine
disaster.
While convinced, as Secretary Long
publicly stated some days ago, that
Spain as a (rovernment did not partici
pate in the affair, my informant was
equally certain that no accident caused
the disaster, and that Spain will have
to be held responsible for the loss of
the ship and the slaughter of her crew.
Further evidence of the conviction of
the administration that the fundamen
tal cause of the disaster was an out
side explosion, is to be found In the
preparation of data upon which to for
mulate a demand for indemnity from
Spain, which is now in progress.
There was another significant de
velopment to-day. I was told by a high
official that tne President is now con
sidering the advisability of coupling
the Maine disaster with the general
Cuban question. It was officially de
clared some days ago that the two
matters were to be regarded as en
tirely distinct. From what I was told
to-day, however, it seems probable that
when the demand for Indemnity is
made upon Spain it will be either
coupled with or immediately followed by
another representation In regard to the
general Cuban question, having for its
purpose the Immediate ending of the
war in Cuba. I have positive knowledge
that the President is being urged by
many influential men in Congress to
accompany his demand for indemnity
with notice to Spain that the war In
Cuba must stop, and that the United
States stands ready to use its good of
fices to bring about this result in a
manner honorable and fair to all parties
concerned.
There are some who wish the Presi
dent to go even farther and insist upon
Spain giving Cuba independence as one
of the conditions upon which we will
accept indemnity for the Maine disas
ter. It cannot be said that the Presl
ONLY THREE REMAIN.
*T«riE CALL'S great discount offer of
Scribner's History of the United States
closes Friday, March) lltb- Remember,
if you order before date mentioned you
will save nearly 40 per cent frorr) the
regular price. F ive massive volumes;
1600 illustrations ; only $1 on delivery of th)e
full set, balance in nine monthly pay-
ments of $2eacb; half morocco, $1 per
month more.
Call and examine tbis grand book, or
telephone Davis 861 and we will send a
set to you for examination.
Do not fail to examine this worK, and
remember tbat we cannot sell you a set
at so low a price after March Ilth.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
dent has definitely formulated the plan
he will pursue in regard to Cuban Inter
vention, but everybody realizes, and no
one more fully than the President, that
now Congress proposes to give the ad
ministration $50,000,000 for strengthen
ing national defenses the administra
tion will be expected to take some defi
nite and positive stand in the direction
of ending the war In Cuba.
This phase of the matter was gone
into at considerable length at to-day's
Cabinet meeting. I was told by a Cab
inet officer that the question of treat
ing the Maine disaster in connection
with the chief point at issue between
the two countries was considered. One of
the arguments used was that Spain has
not only shown herself unable to con
trol her domestic affairs in Cuba but,
as demonstrated by the fearful calam
ity to the Maine, she is unable to give
proper protection to vessels in the har
bor of Havana.
Having discussed the Maine disaster,
the general Cuban question and the
prospective policy in regard to them,
the Cabinet went into a long discussion
of the best means of utilizing the $50,
000.000 for putting the country in a
state of defense. It resulted in a gen-
eral understanding that the amount
will be divided between the War and
Navy departments in proportions
which the circumstances warrant. The
bulk of the amount will, of course, be
expended under the naval establish
ment, as it is realized that it is this
branch of the service which will per
form the more conspicuous part in any
war we may have with Spain. Presi
dent McKinley cautioned prudence In
expenditures, but at the same time de
clared that no expense should be
spared in strengthening every branch
of the service which sound military
judgment will warrant. It was agreed
that the one question of prime impor
tance was the securing of more battle
ships and torpedo boats, and that no
efforts should be spared to obtain the
best that could be had.
Secretaries Long and Alger explained
at length the plans outlined by the ex
perts of their respective departments
for utilizing the money to be appro
priated, and the President felt satisfied
from their statement that it would take
i only a short time to place the country
; upon a substantial war footing.
It was learned to-night that there
! were three complaints from Spain in
\ stead of two, as seemed to be the case
! when the President issued his state
i ment last Saturday afternoon. The first
complaint related to General Lee,
which the President promptly refused.
The second referred to the warships,
i to which the President partly assent
ed by allowing the Fern to take the
place of the Montgomery. Spain's
third complaint was quickly met. It
i related to the recent mysterious visit
of Captain Crowninshield to the West
! Indies. It was asserted by Spain that
this navy officer, who is Chief of the
Bureau of Navigation, had gone to
Pqrto Rico for the purpose of con
ferring with filibusters at the port and
had met a son of the Cuban leader,
General Garcia. It was charged that
Captain Crowninshield had given aid
and comfort to the filibusters and had
materially helped them to send men
and supplies to Cuba, the navy of the
United States being used for that pur
pose. There was not, of course, the
slightest foundation for this assertion,
and the President at once communi
cated to Spain an emphatic denial.
He said Captain Crownlnshield's visit
had nothing whatever to do with fili
busters and that the young man who
was supposed to be Garcia's son was
the son of Captain Crowninshield.
As quickly as the cable could bring
an apology Spain replied that the
charge had been made under a misap
prehension and that the President's
statements were accepted without
further question.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 9, 13i>8.
AWAITING THE
BIG CRUISER
Much Interest at Havana
Over the Coming of
the Montgomery.
Spanish Warships in the Har
bor Bunched and a Berth
Made Vacant.
Now the Naval Court of Inquiry
Seems to Be Purposely Pro
longing the Investigation.
Copyrighted, 189 S. by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA. March B.— The arrival of
the cruiser Montgomery is awaited
with much Interest by Americans here.
The Fern moved this afternoon from
the buoy where she had been previous
ly moored, at a point near the Almlrante
Oquendo, and took a berth near the op
posite side of the harbor. The Spanish
cruiser Alfonso XII later in the day
moved down to the anchorage vacated
by the Fern, thus leaving the position
recently held by the Alfonso XII free
for the Montgomery on her arrival.
Practically the effect of these orders
of the Spanish admiral is to bunch the
Spanish ships together in the same sec
tion of the harbor, and in immediate
vicinity of the Maine wreck and Man
grove, while the Montgomery will lie
about half a mile further up from the
mouth of the harbor.
The Fern is all ready to sail as soon
as the Montgomery arrives, and the ne
cessary transfer of diving apparatus
and Captain Sigsbee's and Ensign Pow
elson's effects can be made to the
cruiser. Ensign Powelson is a regu
larly attached officer of tne Fern, but
that vessel will sail on her mission of
mercy, to carry relief to Matanzas and
Sagua without Powelson, as the Court
of Inquiry at present regards his ser
vices here as indispensable.
Captain Sigsbee, Lieutenant-Com
mander Wainwright and other officers
now quartered on the Fern, who are
detailed to duty in connection with the
Maine wreck, will transfer their head
quarters to the Montgomery. The Bache
will return to coast survey duty on
which she was engaged before the ex
plosion Bodies received hereafter are
to be transported to Key West by the
P The C^urt of Inquiry to-day con
tinued its examination of divers, and
again gave considerable of the morn ng
to a close personal inspection of the
forward portion of the wreck. Chaplain
Chidwick boarded the wreck and div
ing floats, in company with Naval Con
ductor Hoover and George Helms, the
ship's carpenter to the Maine
Powelson was not aboard the Man
prove to-day, but was continually con
sulted on and around the wreck. In
contrast with. the previous appearance
of great activity, the members 'of the
court to-day went about the work in a
leisurely manner, which revives the im
pression formerly prevalent that to use
a sporting expression, they are again
sparring for wind, or rather for time
instead of following up their leads with
more hard blows. There is no prospect
now of the court finishing here before
the end of the week, and it may remain
\qX\SQV.
As yet I see no reason to modify the
statement cabled to the Herald a week
or more ago that the public can hardly
expect a report on the cause of the
Maine disaster before the latter part of
this month.
Captain Slgsbee has not communi
cated with Washington regarding his
recall, but is nevertheless anxious to
wind up his work here and get away.
His health is gradually falling since
the Maine's destruction and now that
he is no longer sustained by excite
ment he fears a collapse. His case is
not serious, but he seldom appears in
the city now, feeling unable to get
about. He remains aboard the Fern
most of the time. -;.nf.
The Diario de la Marina declares that
Lieutenant Blandin talked so freely as
to make himself objectionable to Ma
drid and Washington. The same news
paper continues: It is to the interest
of both Governments that the court of
inquiry be explicit in its findings, and
for the court to say the explosion was
due to an unknown cause will be un
satisfactory. It must say whether the
explosion was due to external or in
ternal causes. The same paper inti
mates that Spain may expect the
United States to demand a heavy in
demnity.
Several skirmishes are officially re
ported. The scenes of the greatest
activity are in -> nar del Rio, Havana,
Matanzas and Santa Clara provinces.
The most Important engagement was
on the estate of Managua, in Pinar del
Rio, between the forces of the Spanish
general, Hernandez Velasco, and the
Insurgents under. Pino Guerra. The
rebels were dispersed after a fierce at
tack by the San Quintin battalion and
civil guards, ihe rebel loss was heavy,
many wounded being carried from the
field. The Spanish lost two killed and
had ten wounded, including Captain
Verdugo and Major Ripoles.
General Ceballos and the Lealtad bat
talion engaged Rafael Cardenas and
Alfredo Lima at Majagual, in Havana
province, killing four rebels. They de
feated them again at Vigia Hill. The
Spanish loss was small. General Gomez
is reported to be moving slowly west
ward. -
RIGHTS OF
BELLIGERENTS
TO BUY SHIPS
Continued from First Pasro.
fact that Secretary Long is consult
ing at every step with the represen
tatives of the legislative branch of
the Government shows the desire of
the President to keep within the
strict spirit of the Constitution.
The War Department was not be
hind the Navy. General Flagler,
Chief of Ordnance, is very busy
reaching out in every direction by
means of the telegraph and the mail
to learn just how far the resources
of the big private manufacturing
concerns can be relied on to come to
the aid of the War Department in
arming and equipping a volunteer
army, should one he found neces
sary. He will not tell what he is do
ing in this direction, holding it is not
wise to make everybody acquainted
with either our weak or strong
points. Major-General Miles is look
ing after the personnel closely and
to-day was trying hard to perfect the
organizations of two regiments of ar
tillery which Congress has granted.
The officers must be named to Con-
gress and the commissions are only
waiting on the forms. Meanwhile,
beyond the statement that the two
Senior Lieutenant Colonels of the ex
isting artillery regiments will be
made Colonels of the two new regi
ments, the names of the officers are
withheld.
The new Spanish Minister, Senor
Barnabe, will arrive in New York on
a German line steamer to-morrow.
He is expected at the Legation on
the following day, and the arrange
ments will be made then for present
ing his credentials to President Mc-
Kinley. There will be the usual ex
change of felicitations, which will be
of more than passing interest. Senor
Bernabe left Madrid before the recent
critical juncture was reached, and at
the time of his departure the new
commercial treaties were uppermost
in the interest of the Madrid author
ities. The new Minister speaks Eng
lish fluently, having been in this
country for several years. He is mar
ried, his wife being the daughter of
one of the most influential men of
Spain.
The President this afternoon
signed the Hawley bill providing for
two additional regiments of artillery
to man the coast defenses.
WANTS TO ANCHOR
IN THE DAYTIME.
The Captain of the Montgomery Does
Not Want to Give Spain the
Advantage of Darkness.
KEY WEST, Fla., March B.— "The
Montgomery does not want to enter
Havana harbor In the dark." That is
what Li-utenant-Commander Bechler,
her executive officer, said on the deck
of the Montgomery four hours before
she sailed.
"We are going to Havana," he con
tinued, "and strange as it may seem,
after the Maine's experience, this is the
happiest ship's company in American
waters to-day. We feel it a great honor
to be selected to take the place of the
Maine. We have the reputation
throughout the entire navy for being a
right tieht cruiser. We shall try to
maintain that r> mutation in Havana.
"The Montgomery does not want to
enter Havana harbor in the dark. If
we leave now -».» 1 shall reach Cuba
shortly after miinight. We want the
sun shining when we come to our an
chorage. I do i>t expect any trouble,
but we are not going to give Spai^ the
advantage of us, I can assure you."
SOLD DYNAMITE
TO GENERAL WEYLER.
It Is Certain Now That the Butcher
Bought Large Quantities of the
Deadly Explosive.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala.. March B.—Cap
tain G. A. Hamlin. general manager of
the Dittmar Powder Company of New-
York, is visiting In this city. He con
firms the report that the Dittmar con
cern sold explosives to Weyler's agent
in November, 1896. Captain Hamlin
does not know for what purpose the
explosives were used.
"I sold to Weyler's agents 9000
pounds of dynamite In November,
1896." said Mr. Hamlin. "At the same
time, 150 miles of rubber-covered in
sulated copper wire was purchased and
sent to Cuna on the ship carrying the
dynamite. This might have been used
in the destruction of the Maine three
weeks ago to-nieht, as It was pretty
well established Weyler was using this
powerful explosive to form the most
terrible naval destroyers of modern
times."
MANILA NEARLY SWEPT
OUT OF EXISTENCE.
Fire Destroys Five Million Dollars
Worth of Property in the Capi
tal of the Philippines.
VANCOUVER, H. ('., March B.—Ad
vlcea from the Orl<nt brought by the
steamship Empress of India tell of the
;iimo=t corn] l< te destruction of Manila,
Philippine Islands, by tire. Five million
dollars' worth of property was destroyed.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Californians in Washington — Patents
and Pensions.
WASHINGTON, March B.—Representa
tive de Vrles to-day introduced a bill in
creasing the pension of Daniel Meagher
to $50 per month. Judge Magnire intro
duced a bill pensioning George Sylvester
at the rate of $00 per month.
Californians in Washington: Henry N.
Thorpe, Los Angeles; A, Beeman, San
Francisco, Willard's.
Pacific Coast patents wort? granted to
day as follows: California— James F.
Bean, Martinez, railway signal light;
ri;; ties J. Clark, Oakland, hinge for
swinging sashes; Robert G. Cottier, Los
Angeles, harness loop; Walter E. Denni
son. San Francisco, surface finishing for
asphalt or bituminous pavements; James
H Duncan, San Francisco, assignor to It.
B. Elder, electric arc lamp; Charles Gar
land assignor of one-half to J. M. Cam
monds. (irayson, folding stepladder; Emil
Gerlaeh, San Francisco, devise for pre
venting re-lilling of bottles; Henry H.
Corter, asignor to M. E. Gorter, San
Francisco, rotary nozzle; Francis M. Gra
ham, San Jose, air compressor; William
B Heywood, Berkeley, automatic offset
mechanism for sawmill carriages; Frank
lin L. Johnson. Valley Springs, cork pull
er- Kobert J. Miller Placerville, ratchet
wrench; John 11. Mooney, Oakland, sew
ing machine; John S. Muir, San Fran
cisco tn» rapeuttc electrode; John J.
Price, San Jose, awning attachment;
JohnJ. Ryan. an Jose, cigar bunching
machine; John P. Simmons, San Fran
cisco steam boiler; Arnold J. Tackle,
Oakland, gas generator; Charles Warren,
rough and ready plumb level; Benjamin
ii. Wright, Riverside, machine for clean
'"oregon— William J. May, Tillamook,
elevated road and bicycle for same.
Washington— Stephen D. carpenter,
Spokane, bicycle
Pensions were granted as follows: Cal
ifornia—Original: Rauford Worming, San
Diego. $G; John Qoggin, Pan Francisco,
$«■ Michael McAnany, Soldiers' Home,
Los 4Bgoles, $*i; Robert Carnahan (dead),
Sacramento, $S; John Condon. Soldiers'
Home Los Angeles. $10. Buputemental:
John Wilson. Soldiers' Home, Los Ange
les $2. Original widows, etc.: Sarah N.
Carnahan, Sacramento, $8. Oregon—Orig
inal' Jesse Hendricks, Peris, ?6.
TO STRENGTHEN
THE DEFENSES
Ordnance and Engineer
Officers Discuss Plans
to Fortify Coasts.
Assurances That Plenty of
Rapid-Fire Guns Can Be
Quickly Secured.
Improvised Mines and Torpedoes
May Also Be Turned Out by the
War Department.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March B.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Offi
cials of the Ordnance and Engineer
Departments of the War Department
were in conference to-day to discuss
plans for increasing the strength of
coast defenses with the portion of the
emergency appropriation of $50,000,000,
which it is expected will be allotted to
the army.
Brigadier-General Wilson, chief of
engineers, is absent on an inspection
tour of southern fortifications, and
Brigadier-General Flagler, chief of
ordnance, was absent from the depart
ment to-day on account of illness.
Their chief assistants, however, got to
gether and formulated general plans,
which will be submitted to their chiefs
and to the Secretary of War. Charles
Shales of the Ordnance Department
met several representatives of ord
nance manufacturing and supply firms
and received from them assurances
that they have ample facilities at their
command to furnish the department at
short notice with large supplies of
ammunition and guns of various cali
bers. It is expected that a large order
will be placed Immediately for rapfd
lire guns of 5-inch and 6-inch and
smaller caliber.
The American Ordnance Company
has on hand in this country, it is un
derstood, a considerable supply of
these guns, and through their agents
in France and England they are able
to put at the disposal of the Govern
ment immediately not less than 150
rapid-fire guns, and this number could
be greatly increased very soon. The
other ordnance companies are able to
each furnish immediately or to manu
facture rapid fire' guns and if neces
sary supplies could be drawn fron
Creusots in France, the Krupps of Ger
many and the Armstrongs of England
While some rapid fire guns are likely
to be added to the armament of points
already partially fortified more are
likely to be placed at other points
which are now altogether undefended.
Such points as in the opinion of the
engineer department require such pro
tection as could be provided by rapid
fire guns are Port Royal, S. C, where
the navy department has an altogether
unprotected drydock, Jacksonville, Key
West and Tampa, Fla., and several
ploces on the southern coast in par
ticular. M
While it has been proposed to Im
prove Dry Tortugas by mounting eight
and ten inch converted rifles on the
barbette parapet of Fort Jefferson it
is suggested by the engineering de
partment that the same number of
rapid-fire guns could be mounted
there as quickly, and would be much
more effective. By beginning work
immediately there are supplies enough
at hand to enable the engineers to
prepare emplacements and mount
several rapid-fire guns at any one
point that may be deemed necessary
In about a week. Steps will soon be
taken by the engineer department
looking to fortifying all the more im
portant harbors with torpedoes. The
department can place these immedi
ately and more can be procured
through agents of ordnance supply
companies in this country or Europe.
If necessary large quantities of impro
vised torpedoes can be manufactured
by engineer officers by the employ
ment of casks and barrels in which
may be placed about 250 pounds of
powder and which may be equipped
with double-test tubes, one filled with
sulphuric acid and the other with po
tassium chlorate and other combina
tions which will produce an explosion
upon the breaking of the test tubes
by a passing keel. The work of the
engineering department at all fortifica
tions Is being hastened, and guns and
carriages under construction are be- |
tag hurried to completion as rapidly ,
U possible. A duplication of the large
shell and powder contracts or last ,
week has been provisionally made, and .
this may be still further enlarged.
Officials of the Quartermaster s De
partment will enter upon the construe- |
linn of quarters and barracks for the
additional regiments of artillery. Ex
aminations of artillery officers who are
promoted by the provisions of the ar
tillery bill have already commenced,
rantaln G W. Crabb. Fifth Artillery.!
hnsb "en physically disqualified for |
promotion, and unless the «»rgeon
general shall decide that his disabUity
to curable he will be retired. This
course must be pursued in the case of
all candidates who fail to pass their
examinations.
modern ammunition
taken from chelsea.
Supplies Destined for Key "West Sent
From the Navy -Yard on a
Government Tug.
BOSTON, March B.— All the modern
ammunition in the United States mag
azines in Chelsea was taken from that
receptacle to-day and put aboard the
Government tug Nina. That vessel will
take the ammunition to the Brooklyn
navy-yard, whence the ammunition will
be transfened to Key West. It is not
known at the maga2ine what ship is
finally to receive the ammunition sup
ply, but it is reported that It will go
aboard the warship Cincinnati. In all
about twenty-six tons of ammunition
were taken from the magazine. All
that now remains there is some old
fashioned saluting powder. The projec
tiles consisted of the fH'e-inoh percus
sion and electric firing armor-piercing
shells. That the Navy Department was
anxious to conceal the mission of the
Nina is obvious from the fact that the
tug could have been loaded more quick
ly and readily from the navy-yard pro
per, Instead of concealing the vessel
in Mystic Creek, nearly two miles dis
tant The men of the tug Nina were
busy during the afternoon and night.
They were working under the personal
supervision of Lieutenant Dougherty,
and as extreme precaution was neces
sary In packing the explosive materials
away properly where they would not
explode and destroy the vessel while
en route to New York, the work con
sumed considerable time.
JAPAN
MAY HELP
AMERICA
Alliance With the Mikado
Is Among the Pos=
sibilities.
In That Event Spain Would Be
Entirely Outclassed in a
War Upon the Seas.
NEW YORK, March B.— The
Washington correspondent of
the Herald says: I was told to
day that propositions are being*
considered looking to a possible
alliance between the United
States and Japan in the event
of war with Spain. I was also
told that negotiations had gone
to the extent of the preparation
of an informal memorandum
initiated by the Japanese Min
ister and Assistant Secretary of
State Day. It has not been pos
sible, however, to confirm this
report.
It was explained to me that the ob
ject of the proposed alliance is to
strengthen our naval forces on this
coast by withdrawing available ships
from Pacific and Asiatic stations,
and relying upon Japan to take the
Philippine Islands and look after Span
ish ships in the Pacific.
In consideration for this assistance
fro-m Japan, it is asserted, the United
States will agree to give some special
concession to that country in Hawaii
after the annexation of the islands
and allow Japan to obtain possession
of the Philippine Islands.
Japan is undoubtedly desirous of
getting possession of the Philippines,
but the question of joining hands
with the United States for that pur
pose is such a serious one that future
developments will have to be awaited
before it can be definitely stated that
ADVERTISEMENTS.
<XXXXXXXKXXXXXXXXXXXXX3KXXX)CXXXXXXXXXXXXXXSC>OOOOOOO
t\ Az. "^-^^f^* v=^^^b-'-^\ (c^ '
jg|lL SPRING j
( I K\HERE ffl/il » /•:
And- with it we Jf ihW
l?[^\ show the finest TT 3r--
pk w line of i |\\
7 \ tptvl I \\
L, A / SUITS Jx>^.#-
111 ' Ever offered in
\ I 1 San Francisco.
We have just added one-half to the caDacitijfOf
our lower floor by moving our workshop upstairs.
This was absolutely necessary on account of the
arrival of an immense amount of New Goods that
have been pouring in upon us.
Among this fine line of clothing we have
selected several hundred suits, very much superior
to any ever offered heretofore in San Francisco
for $10.00.
'' Every one of them is iust what you would want a|i
I 1I 1 Suit to be— Bright, new styles, perfect fitting and all wool, i
i' In handsome shades of feray, checks, blues and browns. ,
I 1 Kept in repair one year free of charge. We guarantee the > >..
'! clothes, and we guarantee to suit all who buy. - y
Let us fit you out— it will cost you $10— no
more, no less, for any one of these fine new style
SUl * Si ; : •■ ■.-;_ !! — _ — fisaaaa^S '^: :'
COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS,
718-722 MARKET; ST., S. F-
such a compact will be entered Into.
The entire Oriental question, with pos
sible complications with European
powers, might be involved in such
proceeding, and it would be a viola
tion of our traditional policy to avoid
entangling alliances.
In the event of our failure to pur
chase additional vessels from foreign
countries the aid that would thus be
given to the United States by such an
alliance with Japan would be of the
greatest value.
We would not only be sure of getting
the Japanese vessels now building In
this country but we could bring to this
country several warships, including the
first-class battle-ship Oregon, the first
class protected cruiser Olympia and the
second-class cruiser Baltimore, and as
soon as they could be placed in com
mission the second-class protected
cruisers Philadelphia and Charleston.
With this acquisition of first-class ves
sels to the North Atlantic squadron
any fleet that Spain could send here
would be entirely outclassed.
Make Lee a Brigadier.
WASHINGTON, March B.— The Pres
ident has decided in case of war he will
make Fitzhugh Lee a brigadier gen
eral. This conclusion was reached
when the possible necessity of securing
troops by the call for volunteers was
first seriously considered.
The decision of the President regard
ing General Lee has the hearty ap
proval of the members of the Cabinet
and others to whom the euhject has
been mentioned.
34
BRIBERY CHARGES
AND A FREE FIGHT
LIE GIVEN
AND BLOWS
.IRE STRI'CK
Sensational Incidents
in the Dredging
Scandal.
McGrath and Attorney
Gett Pummeled by the
Muscular Manager.
An Investigation Commenced
Before the County Board
of Supervisors.
LIVELY SCENES THERE TOO
Rsther Lame Explanation of a State
Official Concerning the Tardy Pay
ment :o Winer's Company.
Dispatch t - Call.
SACRAMENTO, March B.— A free
fight took place in the County Treas
urer's office this morning as a result of
the scandal over the contract between
the Sutter Island Reclamation District,
the BoarJ of Supervisors and the Gold
en Gate Dredging and Reclamation
Company. The participants were Mar
shall C. Harris, manager of the com
pany, Jr. H. McGrath. asistant secre
tary of the State Board of Examiners,
•vho claimed that he had bribe the
Board of Supervisors, and W. A. Gett.
the attorney who was alleged to hav^
received a poition of the coin that was
held out from the dredging company
for over a year.
McGrath did not reach town until
early this morning, and at that time
saw the expose of his charges against
the Board of Supervisors, ar.dthe fact
that an hv stlgation before the Board
of Supervisors was impending. Seeing
that a row over the $440 that he still
ow«i the dredg - :>any was im
minent, McGrath scurried around and
raised the necessary coin, getting it
ready for payment about 10:30 o'clock.
Then he sent for President Witter of
the dredging company and announced
that he was ready to pay the balance
of the $1440 that he had collected more
tnau a year ago on the allegation that
he was the agent of the company. Wit
ter refused to accept the proffered coin
unless his partner, M. C. Harris, was
nt, and ser.t tor Harris. When the
manager arrived at the treasury where
the money was waiting in gold coin to
be paid McGrath remarked that he did
not owe the dredging company a cent,
but would rather pay the balance that
was claimed than to have any trouble.
"Well you are a fool to pay anything
you don't owe, " remarked President
Witter, and jus: then Manager Harris
stepped in.
McGrath demanded a receipt show
ing that he had acted as the ag- -:.: '
the company, but Harris refused to
give it, and then McGrath consented
to accept a receipt for the "bala.rn.-ir
due" the company. After the coin had
been turned over, Harris and McGrath
had a talk and when the former re
fused to admit that McGrath had ever
been appointed the agent of the com
pany. McGrath shouted, "You are a
Bar."
The words were hardly out of his
mouth when Harris' right fist shot out.'
and McGrath reeled against the wall
from a terrible blow on the Jaw. Harris
followed him up and Attorney Gett,
■who represented McGrath, Jumped in
to interfere. He was treated to a like
dose and went down just as McGrath
recovered and attacked Harris.
Quick as a flash, Harris put his
knee on the prostrate Gett's r.eck and
catching McGrath as he advanced put
h!s head in chancery and proceeded to
pommel him soundly. Witter and At
torney Hiram Johnson Jumped in, and
separated the combatants at this junc
ture and prevented further hostilities.
McGrath's jaw was bleeding and Har
ris had a bad cut on his hand.
The Investigation before the Board of
Supervisors developed another sensa
tion, President "Witter of the company
and Attorney Gett only being pre
vented from indulging in a personal
encounter by the intervention of a
Deputy BberlflC. AH the members but
Morrison were present. Witter was
testifying regarding certain matters
connected with th-* contract between
the Sutter Oovnty Island people,
the Supervisors and the dredging
company, when Gett took exception to
his statements and shouted. "You are
a liar, sir."
Witter was on his feet in a second
and started toward Gett, exclaiming,
"You are the arch fiend of liars. You
are at the bottom of all .this trouble."
Deputy Sheriff Kelly stepped in and
prevented Witter from reaching Gett
and the investigation went oiu
District Attorney Ryan conducted
the Investigation, which he said was
not so much for the purpose of investi
gating the bribery charges as to ascer
tain whether or not the dredging com
pany was entitled to any money from
the county. The members of the board
however, were more curious than the
District Attorney, and when P. H. Mo-
Grath was called to the stand, after
the reading of the contract, they began
to probe. They asked McGrath why
he had held out the $1440 so long. He
replied that he had been ready to turn
over $1000 at any time, but there was
an account between the county and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
What a luxury
Pears' soap is!
The cheapest soap
in all the world be-
sides.
:• himself and that he had raid his full
! obligation when the $1000 certificate of
I deposit was banded to Manager Har
; ris. He was asked why he had paid
the $440 a few hours previous.
"Because I did not want to be har
assed by a Maekmailer." he replied.
A general smile went around the as
sembly room.
Continuing, he denied that he had
: ever paid one dollar to mcmi
. Board or that he : si i that he
; had.
Supervisor Curtis wanted the hear
ing postponed until Supervisor Morri
son could be present, but no one sup
ported him, and it was decided to carry
on the Investigation, Attorney Gett was
sworn and denied having received one
dollar i>f the money collected by ifc-
Grath. He reviewed the history of the
transaction, and expressed the opinion
that the dredging company, having
done the work, was entitled to receive
its pay. either from the county or the
reclamation district.
President Witter of th*» company,
when called to the stand, reiterated his
charge that McGrath had told him.
when the payment of the $1440 was de
manded, that the money had been
spent in influencing members of the
Board to ;>ass the further claims of
the company.
He stated positively that McGrath
had specified Supervisors Morrison and
Jenkins as the men who had shared in
the boodle and that Attorney W. A.
Gett had received $500. Manager Harris
also testified that on February IT he
had been present in the Capitol build
ing when McGrath stated that he had
used the money to pay certain Super
visors for their influence and that $440
I not be brought back.
'"He stated positively that Morrison
and Jenkins were the men who got the
money." said Harris. "He said dur
ing that conversation that !f $*< VJV J of the
$1000 we had received from him was
properly used we would probably be
able to get our other claims allowed. It
developed during the hearing that Mc-
Grath had f.lod a second claim against
the county for $1792. of which the
dredging company knew nothing. This
was never paid."
Henry Elliott, trustee of "Reclamation
District No. 349 and county, and Sur
veyor B<~>yd were also examined regard-
Ing the character of the work dune by
the dredging company.
Grove L. Johnson represented the
dredging company and at the conclu
sion of the testimony requested that
the question of the legality of the
company's claims against the county be
referred to District Attorney Ryan to
examine the records and report to the
board. This course was adopted with
out a dissenting voice ?.n«i the report
will probably be made to-morrow.
CAVED UPON IN THE
MOUNT SHASTA MINE.
Frederick J. Hartman Is Horribly
Crushed by a Mass of
Falling Rock.
REDDING, March Frederick J.
Hartman. a native of the old town of
Shasta, •was caved on in the Mount
Shasta mine about noon to-day and sus
tained injuries from which he died within
an hour. The mine is located near
Shasta, He was at work in a thirty-foot
shaft and was caught and horribly
crushed by a mass of falling- rock. He
retained consciousness up to the moment
of his death. Deceased was the elder son
of Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Hartman of
Shasta, and about 30 years of ape. He
left a widow and two small children.
*.
BURNED TWO SCHOOLrTOUSES.
Incendiarism in Christensen District,
Shasta County.
REDDING, March B.— Some unknown i
person has evidently decreed that there ;
shall be no school in the Christen.«en dis- ;
trict of this county. A few weeks ago
the pchoolhouse was fired at midnight
and totally consumed. The fire was at- :
tributed to incendiarism. The trustees at
once secured the Flanagan residence for j
school purposes, and the refurnishing was
Just completed. At an early hour this
morning it was found in ashes, with all i
its contents. Trustee' Simons was here ■
to-day and says that it is rumored in the ;
district that the teacher employed has i
enemies who have vowed that he shall
never teach school again. Officers have
been detailed on the case, and a sensa- I
tional exposure Is anticipated.
HENRY CLIFTON DEAD.
Santa Barbara Pioneer Passes Away
in Chicago.
SANTA BARBARA. March B.— Word
has been received here of the death yes- ;
terday in Chicago of Henry Clifton, one :
of the pioneers of Santa Barbara. When '
United States Marshal Covarrubias was
Sheriff of this county Clifton was hie
Under Sheriff. -Lately the. deceased has
been manager of the Veronica Springs. i
He-leaves two daughters, one of whom
resides cere, the other in Los Angeles.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 9, 1898,
THE BESSIE K
IS ALL RIGHT
Reassuring News Comes
by Steamer North
Pacific.
Slight Mishaps to the Cottage
City and Other Craft in
the North.
Old Fort Wrangel I<4 a Very Busy
Place — A Perilous Rush Up
the Stiekeen.
Special r>lsj>atch to The Call.
SEATTLE!. March S.— There no longer
seems to be any doubt about the safety
of the gasoline schooner Bessie X,
which left San Francisco February 8
for Skaguay direct, and which was re
ported last week to have been lost
about one hundred miles above Vic
toria. The sidewheel steamer North
Pacific, which arrived in port this
afternoon, reports having passed the
Bessie X off Shelter Island at the en
trance of Lynn Canal on the afternoon
of March 3. The North Pacific found
the big steamer Cottage City of the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company's line
at Juneau badly used up from her
double brush with Ai&skan rocks and
sandbars. She was said to be leaking
badly, but intended to continue the trip.
The steamer Whitelaw, which was on
the rocks in sight Of Juneau, was
passed twenty miles north of that point
and going north.
The North Pacific left Skapuay on
March 3 and on the afternoon of that
day passed the gasoline schooner Bessie
K. Every one had given this little craft
. up for lost and the rumor that came
; down from the north last week that she
i had been wrecked during the big storm
was generally believed. Pilot Campbell
- that the Bessie X was off Shelter
* Island just at the entrance of Lynn
■ Canal. As they passed her the breeze
| freshened up. The gasoline engine was
shut off and her sails spread. The
1 passengers waved in answer to the
; North Pacific's whistle and nothing
i seemed to be wrung with the little
1 craft.
The Whitelaw passed the North Pa
cific about twenty miles above Juneau.
A short time before she had floated off
the bar on which she was fast for sev
eral days and was proceeding on her
; northern trip.
The North Pacific brings the first
news of the tugs Rescue and Willovra,
which :ett here several weeks ape \>,i,i
lumber barges on which a number of
passengers and cattle had been quar
\ tered. The Rescue had arrived at
■ Skaguay with everything in good order,
I but after a very hurd trip. The Wil
i lowa was in some sort of trouble, but
I had safely anchored about twenty miles
i north of Juneau. The Cottage City, the
; Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
! new steamer, was lying at Juneau when
■ the North Pacific touched there Thurs
day night. She had been ashore twice,
so the passengers told Pilot Campbell,
and was taking in considerable water.
Captain J. C. Hunter, however, in
tended to finish the trip and expected
j to leave the next morning for Skaguav.
"Old Fort Wrangel is one of the busi
; est places on the northern run just
i now," said Captain Carter this after
noon to the Call correspondent. "There
is an awful jam of freight and pros
pective Klondikers at that point. The
three big warehouses are full up to the
! roofs, and there is no prospect of '
1 things loosening up for some time. The
\ Stickeen is running ice at a great rate,
and the light river steamers have not
yet attempted to make the trip up t ■>
i Telegraph Creek. The steamer Louise,
which went up from here Mpac time
; ago to run up the Stickeen, is making
: trips up the river ten miles. She has
, been found to draw too much water for
summer work on the river. The Klon
dikers. eager to get over to Lake Tes- ;
lin, are taking all sorts of risks to get ■
up the river. While we were there I i
, saw four or five Columbia River fish
1 ing boats start up the river loaded with
| outfits and with their owners aboard. ,
SUCIDE IN
A SAUSALITO
BOATHOUSE
; Bernard J. Hildebrand
of This City Shoots
Himself.
Was Head Bookkeeper
for the Firm of Mon
tealegre & Co.
No Motive fop the Deed Known
by His Employers or His
Family.
THE ACT PREMEDITATED.
A Note Left by the Young Man in
Which He Makes Disposition
of His Effects.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAUSALITO, March B.— Bernard J.
Hildebrand, a young man employed as
head bookkeeper by Montealegre &
Co., importers and commission mer
chants at 230 California street. San
Francisco, killed himself at an early
hour this morning by placing a revol
ver in his mouth and sending a bullet
through his brain. The deed was done
in one of the rooms at Peter Claudi
anas' Yacht Club House near the ferry
depot, and no reason i 6 assigned for it.
The body lies in the Morgue at San Ra
fael, and Coroner Eden will hold an
inquest to-morrow morning at 11
o'clock.
Hildebrand was not over 26 years of
age, and had been In the employ of
Montealegre & Co. since ISS7. Yester
day afternoon he was sent on an er-
1 rand, a sample of sherry being intrust
ed to his care for a customer. This
' morning the bookkeeper failed to re
turn to work, which caused considera
ble surprise until about noon, when a
telephone message from the Coroner's
office at San Rafael was received,
stating that Hildebrand had killed
himself.
Yesterday afternoon Hildebrand ar
rived in Bausattto and frequented a
number of saloons, taking a few
drinks. He said he was waiting for a
friend, and inquired as to the time the
boats left for the city. About 7:30 in
the evening, after missing the last
boat, he visited the saloon known as
the Cottage Bar. where he obtained $1
on a silver watch from the proprietor,
giving in return a bill of sale.
Shortly afterward he left the place,
and about 9:3 o'clock he went to bed
in Claudianas" place, having rented a
room for the nigh: Early this morn
ing Claudian&s hea-i a pistol shot, and
going to HiUif rand s Martini U
found him lying half-dressed on the
bed In a pool of biood, which was g-u?h
ing from hi? :n<->uth and a hole in the
I back of the head.
In the pockets of the young man's
clothes were found numerous articles,
including a gold watch, fountain pen
and 65 cents In small change: also a
slip of pa . which showed that the
deed was premeditated. The writing
was in a steady, legible hand and ran
as follows:
My gold iratcb goes to my brother
Ernept an^i mj ototbea to Guetav. My
shotgun and ■ rifle are up in Tomales. a
ticket for n - irfpln will be found tn my
d«*sk. D. B. Carter. *42 Marke: ■tract, has
my cuft buttons. He paid me $15 on them.
B. J. HILDEBRAXD.
Hildebrand was a past president of
Golden Gate Parlor No. 2P, N. S. G. W.,
which will take oharge <>: the remains
after the Coroner** Inquest is held.
A. A. Hiidebrand. an architect resid
ing at 1017 Golden Gate avenue, is the
father of the dead bookkeeper. None
of the family can give any reason for
the boy's rash act.
Hildebrand was engaged to a young
lady whose home is in Tomales, in the
northern part of Marin County, but
there has been no known trouble be
tween th~ two. The lady is at present
residing in San Francisco, where she is
employed Ny a millinery firm on Mar
ket street.
BELEW'S WIFE
CALLS UPON HIM
Vain Appeal of a Mother for
Support for Her Little
Children.
The Murderer Thinks More About
His Own Neck Than the Bread
of His Fami.y-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SUISUN, March B.— Frank Belew this
afternoon had his first interview with
his "wife since he has been arrested and
jailed for the terrible crime of murder
ing his brother and sister. Mrs. Belew
was accompanied by the wife of
Photographer Bird, principal -witness
against the fratricide. Mrs. Belew first
visited District Attorney^ Devlin, and.
after remaining with him nearly an
hour, asked permission to visit her hus
band. The request was granted, and
the ladies were accompanied by Under
Sheriff Robinson.
Belew was surprised to see his wife,
and his face became deathly pale.
After the usual greeting. Mrs. Belew
proceeded to interrogate her husband
regarding his motives for committing
the horrible deed, but her Questions
only elicited replies frequently given to
similar questions— that he did not know,
why he poisoned his brother and sister.
Mrs. Belew then explained that the
object of her visit was to Induce him to
dispose of his share of the combined
estate of the murdered brother and sis
ter, toward the maintenance of his
small children. Belew listened ' atten
tively, and it was obvious that the
question of standing trial;*, with a pos
sible sentence of life imprisonment, was
of more importance to him than the
maintenance of his children. Belew
expressed a desire to talk privately. to
his wife, but • the Under Sheriff ob
jected.
Belew received Mrs. Bird with a look
of indifference, : his eyes betokening
the hatred he -. feels toward the Bird
family. „• When the time • arrived for
parting, Belew became agitated and
acted strangely, : and Mrs. Belew ■was
much affected when she bade th« pris
oner good-by.
RENEGADE
BOOKMAKERS
ARE SHUT OUT
Victory of The Call in Its Crusade
AgaiQst Gambling Schemes
at Washington, Yolo
County.
WOODLAND, Cal., March B.— T he Board of Supervisors to-day by
unanimous vote adopted an ordinance with stringent provisions which
will effectually stop the bookmakers driven out of Sacramento from
operating at Washington. Yolo County.
The above dispatch, brief and pithy, tells a story which will be hail
ed with delight by all citizens having the public morals at heart. For
months a flght against this nefarious traffic, which has cast a blight
upon fair Tolo and dragged the reputable citizens of Washington into
compankmship with the unsavory crowd who follqw the races for the
money which they can get out of them by methods which have long
since ceased to be questionable, has been going on, and in their strug
gle the better element of Tolo have always been backed and seconded
by The Call, which lost no time in exposing the methods of these pool
sellers.
About a year ago the bookmakers, driven from Sacramento, took up
their abode In the little town of Washington, just across the river. For
a time their presence there was unknown and unnoticed by the good
people of the hamlet, who, intent upon their own business, had little
time to pry into the affairs of others. After a time, however, the pres
ence of a number of well-known "sports" excited the suspicions of the
residents, and it soon became an open secret that the little hamlet was
in reality but the dumping ground for Sacramento. Ihe gamblers,
driven out of the one place, had taken refuge in the other, and were
apparently enjoying immunity from the law. True, the law in Yolo
County was just as strong as that in Sacramento, but it did not seem
to be enforced, and accusations of boodling were openly made.
It was generally understood that the law against gambling in Yolo
was enacted at the instigation of Frank Daroux, the leader of one
clique of gamblers, for the sole purpose of crushing out B. W. Cava
naugh. the leader of another faction, and that so long as the officials
were properly "fixed" the law was a dead letter.
The matter was recently looked up by The Call and a startling ex
pose was made. It appeared as though a person might do anything he
pleased in the gambling line by the judicious use of a little money.
The authorities, hitherto so lax. finally became aroused to a sense of
their duty and their action of to-day is simply the result of a long
agitation foi; a betterment of public morals and will, it is hoped, put
an end to bribe-taking and open and flagrant violations of both the
spirit and letter of the law in Yolo.
SHORT LINE
TO DAWSON
IS FOUND
Up the Copper River
and Over the
Range.
It Will Be an All-Amer
ican Route, Which Is
Important
Valdes Glacier Now in a Con
dition to Permit of Easy
Travel.
SURVEY FOR A RAILROAD.
The Arizona Company Thinks It Has
Found the Gateway to the
Alaska Mines.
Special Dispatch tc The Call.
SEATTLE, March S.— A letter under
date of February 27 has been brought
down by the steamer Alliance from H.
B. Allen, who writes from Orca.
near the mouth of the Copper River.
He says that -within the past week the
Valdes Glacier has improred so greatly
in condition for travel that a general
movement to the interior has begun.
Ten days ago an exploring party trav
eling light returned from the interior
after a four days' absence. They made
the trip from the timber on the other
side of the range to the head of the
bay in fourteen hours.
Contrary to the general idea, the
Valdes Glacier is but fifty feet above
the sea level at this end and has a
gradual rise to the summit, seventeen
miles distant, averaging about 100 feet
to the mile. The descent on the other
side is but a trifle more of a grade.
According to recent reports it is about
one week's trip over an easy route to
the southern end of the Sickle bend
of the Copper River, where it is easily
navigable for small craft.
About four miles to the eastward of
the Valdes Glacier, at the extreme
head of Valdes Bay, the Valdes or Lit
tle River comes down from the moun
tains. Following up the course of the
river on an easy grade for about thirty
miles a narrow, high ridge is encount
ered, which precludes the passage by
trail to the other side of the range, but
it is the route already partially sur
veyed which has been selected as the
best to the interior by a railway com
pany incorporated at Phoenix. Ariz.,
last fall, whose representative. Senator
E. E. Greenlaw, has been on the ground
since December 15 looking after their
interests. They propose tunneling
through the ridge, reaching there by a
stretch of country gently undulating,
through which railway construction
will be comparatively easy. It is
claimed that Valdes Bay, being over
200 miles nearer Dawson than Dyea,
gives an immense advantage over the
latter point from whicn to begin rail
way construction. The fact of its being
an all-American route and much nearer
to all points on the Yukon below Daw
son is a strong argument in its favor.
The contour of the southern coast of
Alaska seems to many to indicate the
fact that ultimately Prince "William
Sound will be the initial point of the
permanent development of the district.
While no definite strikes have yet been
made on the Copper River, every indi
vidual prospector is enthused with the
idea that he is in the van, and if not
able to make the first big- find will be
in the company of those who do. Many
are looking also for copper, specimens
of which have been brought fromtheln
terior by the Stick Indians and in ? a
couple of instances by white men. IV
fore next fall It is safe to Rupert that
the Copper River district will furnish^
good news to a waiting world. ;.
Purses made of the skin of the fro £
are in great favor with the Parisian
ladies. This kind of leather Is ex
tremely thin, yet very durable.
PREPARING
TO PROTECT
THE BILLOT
San Jose New Charter
Club Is on the
Alert.
Watching Every Cunning
Move Made by "the
Gang."
Nothing Will Be Left Undone to
Thwart the Rascality of
the Boodiers.
PLANS FOR THE CRUSADE
From the Registration to the Final
Count of Votes Thiere Will Be
Ceaseless Vi^iiance.
Si>eclal Dispatch to The CalL
SAN JOSE, March S.— Thare is no dis
position on the part of the New Char
ter Club to underestimate the energy
and cunning of their adversaries in the
coming campaign. It is thoroughly
realized by the champions of good gov
ernment that no trick or device of prac
tical politics, as carried on by the
"gang," will be neglected by the lat
ter between now and the 11th of April.
The New Charter Club is perfecting
its precinct organisation and preparing
to protect the purity of the ballot from
the registration of votes to the final
count of the vote cast. This prelimi
nary work means considerable expense.
Besides there is literature to be written,
printing to be done, halls to be hired
for public meetings, and all the other
incidental matters pertaining to a hot
ly contested campaign.
In order to raise funds to meet these
expenses a canvassing finance commit
tee was appointed to-night, and' the
gentlemen appointed will begin work
to-morrow. Every citizen interested
in the cause of good government will
be given the privilege of contributing,
and it is anticipated that no difficulty
will be experienced in collecting a gen
erous fund. It is believed that no resi
dent, even If not a considerable tax
payer, will refuse to contribute his mite
to a fund which is to be used for the
trrand and nobie purpose of ransoming
one of the fairest cities of California
from the bondage of a ring of corrup
tlonists and boodlers.
Registration is going on at a rapid
rate. It is estimated that about 1500
changes will have to be made in the
register. At the proper time the New
Charter Club will have experts g\
the register and see that only those
qualified to vote are allowed to remain
thereon. On the day of election they
will have watchers at every polling
place. Any one detected in "an iiieg-al
act in connection with the election
will be vigorously prosecuted, and it
is probable that rewards win be of
fered for the arrest and conviction of
offenders-
Ten of the New Charter Club nomi
nees filed their petitions to-day as fol
lows: W. G. Alexander. M Klnny, I*
Archer, J. E. Auzerais. A. B. Hunter
C. H. Allen. J. J. Southelmer. T. Ellard
Beans, J. H. Campbell and T. J. Riley.
Their nominee for City Treasurer, J.
F. Colombet, also filed his petition.
Three independent candidates for mem
bers of the Appointing Board filed pe
titions as follows: Paul P. Austin, Rush
McComas and Francis K. Speacer.
Every indication points to the fact
that the New Charter Club ticket is
daily draining in popular favor, and that
the entire ticket from top to bottom will
show a majority when the count of
votes is completed. *
Republicans S\r»ep Seattle.
SKATTL.K* March S.— The result of
to-day > municipal election was a vic
tory for the Republicans, who elect the
Mayor, Comptroller, Treasurer - and a
majority of the Council. Mayor Hume's
majority is about TOG*.
TRIAL OF
CLARK, THE
FRATRICIDE
Commenced at Napa
by the Selection
of Jurors.
Five Are Secured Dur
ing the First Day's
Proceedings.
Men Who Have Read the Con
fession of the Brother-Slayer
Not Wanted.
TACTICS OF THE DEFENSE.
Will Attempt to Show the Accused
Was Induced, to Commit Murder
by His Victim's Wife.
B
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, March B.— The trial of Georga
W. Clark, the confessed murderer tit
his brother, William Clark, at St. He
lena in January iast, was begun to-day
before Judge Ham. A special panel
of 120 jurors was present when the
court opened. All but five of them an
swered to their names when the roll
was called. The five absent sent In ex
cuses, pleading sickness. About a doz
en others were excused from Jury duty
on statutory gTounds, and then the
work of selecting twelve impartial and
opinionless men from the remaining
Jurors to* decide the guilt of the ac
cused man commenced.
The defendant ■was represented by
Attorneys Henry Hogan, C. J. Becr
stecher and EL L. Webber. Theodore
A. Bell, the District Attorney, ap
peared for the prosecution, and he was
wiliing to accept almost any one of
the panel as jurymen, but the defense
was more particular. They challenged
all who had read any of the newspaper
reports of the homicide and formed an
opinion on what they had read. Dur
ing the day one man was found who
had not read any of the reports of the
murder. He had been working in the
foothills where papers never reached,
and he had no companions to discuss
the crime with even if he had known
it was committed. He, however, was
excused on a peremptory challenge
by the prosecution for the reason that
a person who cared so little for what
was going on about him would not be
a proper perscm to be intrusted with
the life of a fellow-being.
Clark, the accused murderer, r.
up close to his attorneys while the
proceedings in the court were :r.
ress. He showed little nervousr
his demeanor, but during the day when
the attorneys referred to the d^ath
penalty in challenging the Jur«,r»* tho
prisoner would frulp down the lump
that seemed ta continually rise in hi 3
throat.
More than half the panel was ex
hausted during the day, and out of
the jurors examined five — "W. A. L-
ard of Napa and Joseph unt
ville. both farmers, C. P. Bales. L |
G. Herron and Georpe Hamlin —
accepted as suitabi- the c«i* by
the prosecutic-n and by the defeiise.
Tim rrawley to Wed Ada Lewis.
"WASHINGTON". March Tim Fraw
ley of the Frawley Dramatic Coiapaiiy
arrived bere to-day and aanouncr- his
en{ra*r»m*T.i to Miss age. Lewis cf San
Francisco, now playing wit* the TTidow
Jones" Company tn this city. The wed
dtng will occor this wt^k.
ADVZRTISZMESrrS.
men dig anc
K^£X/ Bfy,^^^— away is order t:
S i *&j4 ?'*- e °? ? °ld witi
BmQßL^B't^r?^^*^* " " * e-down-.er.-
~*~ i does it profit a
, man to heap up riches if in doing so h«
ruins his health and his capacity for the.
enjoyment of wealth. There is no sad
thing as happiness without health. All
the gold in the world will not make :
man happy, who feels in his veins and
sees in the reflection of his own face, the
slow but sure advance of man's deadliest
enemy, consumption.
If a man will but take the right care o
, himself and the right remedy he ma?
protect himself against this relentless
enemy. Dr. Pierce* Gulden Medica."
Discovery is not only a sure preventive,
but an absolute cure for consumption. It
cures 9S per cent, of all cases. It acts,
through the blood, directly on the lungs
! It drives out all disease germs and im
■ purities. It is the grea; b'.ood-make-
and flesh-builder. All wasting disease!
yield promptly to its action. Thousand!
have testified to its merits. Druggist
sell it. .
'■ I want to express ay heartfelt thanks for Dr
Pierces rateable medicine." writes Mrs. Rnfir
Bell, of Wise. Moaocfa^ia Cscx,'W. Va. "My eld?»
daor«ter. a girl of 15. caagrh* cold and we hs«
the best dorters bat could" get bo lattice relief
Oh. hew she saflered I Often I hare beard he-
pray for death to esd her sage ring*- I bonjrh'
one" bottle each of Dr. Pierces Golden Medica.
DiiecoT«rr. * Favorite Prescription,* and * Ple&tas'
Peliets." •- Before osr isuphter us«d half the iaed
icitte her coayh was all case, and she was on tb<
high road to health— means to happiness
Rosy cheeks. The rich, pure, red blood
of health makes them. Keep the blood
pure and you will have them. Constipa-
tion causes impure blood. Dr. Pierce*
Pleasant Pellets cure it promptly and per-
manently and never gripe* They «rr
purely vegetable and perfectly rinrmlwil
No other pill acts so oatoraliv and per.
fectly. Prn"«M« sell them, "
OFFICE DESKS.
LARGE VARIETY.
DESKS IJIJIL DESKS
DESKS ||l§i DESKS
Q*t Oar Prkcs Before Raving,
6EO. H. FULLER DESK CO.,
6SS-640 MISSION STREET.CLEVER WORK
ON THE CORONA
To Captain C. M. Goodall
and C. C. Lacey the
Credit Is Due.
The Blairrnore Litigation Has
Ended in Favor of the
Underwriters.
An Eloping Wife From Petaluma
Caught at the Ferri«6 by Her
Husband.
Captain C. Miner Goodall and Charles
C. Lacey, chief engineer of the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company's Umatilla,
have done some very clever work in
getting the wrecked steamer Corona off
the rocks at I,ewis Island. The vessel
went ashore while on her way to Dyea
and Skaguay, and Captain Goodall and
Mr. Lacey wore at once sent north to
see what could be done toward savin?
the vessel. How they have succeeded
is told in the following dispatch re
ceived by Goodall, Perkins & Co. yes
terday: "'Latest arrivals say the Co
rona has been moved to a safe place.
Expect she will be repaired and come
to Victoria, B. C, in a few days."
Captain C. M. Goodall has had an
incentive to do his best. He is to be
married on the 26th inst., and it was
the fear of having to postpone the cer
emony that ha« made him so eager to
get the Corona to San Francisco. He
got the vessel off the rocks once, but
found that she was leaking from dam
age she received under the engines,
which could not be reached by the div
ers. t?he was placed on a flat rock
near the one from which she had been
•taken, and after the hole had been
patched up she was beached and got
ready for the trip to San Francisco
via Victoria, B. C.
Yachtsmen are making great prepar
ations for the 20th inst. On that date
the draw bridge at Tiburon will be
opened and the following fleet of
yachts will come out of winter quar
ters: Clara, Seven Bells, Queen, Speed
well, Aeolus, Thelma, Freda, Mignon,
Cisne, Juanita, Will o' the Wisp, Magic
Eli, Flirt, Freddie, Florence, Pride, Se
cret, Guinevere, Bonita, Scout, Cornelia
and Nereid.
The owners of the boats and their
friends have been hard at work on
them tor a week past, and canvas has
bt-en overhauled, spars scraped and
oiled and cabins repninted and uphol
stered, so the fleet will come out of re
tirement in spick and span order. The
Florence and Secret had th%ir masts
ukLi; out last Sunday, while the Juan
ita haa had her decks canvased. The
Florence Is to have new cabins, masts
and sails, and, in fact, all- the yachts
ure to be thoroughly equipped for the
>n. It therefore looks as though
next season was to be a most success
ful one in yachting circles.
A very handsome steamer is being
built at Alanieda. Point for Captain
•.'harles Nelson. She is 210 feet over
all. 28 feet broad and 14 feet deep. She
is to be fitted with two Babcock boil
ers which are coming from the East,
and her machinery is being built by
the Fulto: Iron Works. Her speed is
expo. • . • abuut twelve knots an
hour. The new steamer is to be called
the Charles Nelson, after her owner,
and she will have accommodation for
150 passengers. Captain Nelson does.
not know whether or not he will put
he in the Klondike trade.
J, uite a number of people must intend
iking their home on the water next
summer. At the present time five arks
are beir.g built at Tiburon, two more
are nearly completed at the foot of
Berry street and three more are being
built at H'>uth San Francisco. This will
i^ake a ileet of about twenty-five arks
that will be in the Sausalito, Tiburon
and San Rafael waters in another
month or so.
The agents of the steamer lines who
have vessels on the Sacramento and
San Joaquin rivers are apprehensive
over the rainfall. Neither river has ever
been so low at this time of the year as
it is now, and unless there are some
good heavy rains this month it is not
at all beyond the range of probability
that steamers will be unable to reach
Stockton and Sacramento.
E. K. White, agent of the Sacramento
Transportation Company's steamers,
pays that last month the boats found
navigation difficult, and that it was '
getting worse every day. If that is the
case now, what will it be during the
summer months?
Mrs. Jennie Parrish of Petaluma and
■ a young horse-dealer of Santa Rosa
named Spears eloped from Petaluma
last Monday, and. coming to San Fran-
Cisco, put up at the Golden West Hotel, i
James Parrish, the husband, followed
his wife to this city and caught her and '
her paramour at the ferries, where she ■
was getting her trunk out of the bag
gage-room. He reasoned with the run
away couple and told his wife that he
had Joined the Salvation Army and
taken the pledge never to drink, smoke
or swear again. She finally agreed to !
go back to Petaluma with him, and
Spears was left on the wharf dlsconso- !
■ late. Parrish buys old horses and j
'slaughters them at Petaluma, where he
sells them to the farmers for chicken
feed. He has not hitherto treated his i
wife well, but he proposes to do better !
in the future. They are going to break
up their home in Petaluma and move '
to Stockton.
Tho British ship Blairrnore arrived
here on February 2, 1896, and early in
March she capsized in Mission Bay and
several of her crew were drowned, i
Captain Burns was sent out from Eng
land by the Underwriters' Association, •
and, after weeks of hard work, she was
finally raised on July 18, 1896. Then the
litigation began. The owners of the
vessel would not accept her. and the
insurance companies insisted that they j
were only liable for one-third of the ,
cost of the repairs. From court to court j
ise was taken, first one side gain- ,
li g an advantage and then the other, |
until finally it reached the House of i
Lords. That is the court of last appeal ;
In England, and it has decided against j
the owners of the vessel.
The repairs to the Blairmore would
have cost in the neighborhood of $20,- |
and over $200,000 has been spent in
!:tigation. Now that the matter has
settled and the insurance com- j
j-anies have only to pay one-third of
epalrs, the wonder is what will be \
done with the vessel. Captain Caw, her
if. aster, is still here, and the vessel lies
Oakland Creek. For the last eighteen •
i:onths a watchman has been the only i
I rscn living on hor, but now she will [
hly come out of her long retire
n -t. Her owners may repair her and
load her with wheat, or she may be
sold to the highest bidder. In which
jvent she would probably be put under
"he American flag.
Partners Disagree.
Joseph Glukfeld filed a petition In court
yesterday charging his partner, N. C
Krinsky. with entering Into a conspiracy
to defraud him. Glukfeld asks for the
appointment of a receiver, an accounting
of the funds of. the firm and a dissolution
°* the copartnership.
HOW AND WHERE THE COLLISION OCCURRED.
PROVIDENCE
INTERVENED
; Travelers Escape in a.
Head-End Col
lision.
Passenger and Freight Trains
Tried to Pass on One
Track.
Engineers Quickly Reversed the
Levers and Jumped for
Their Lives.
Yesterday morning at about 7:30
o'clock the local San Jose train leaving
this city at 6:55 collided with a heavily
loaded freight train composed of forty
five cars carrying cattle from Los
Gatos, at the side track known as the
; Spring Valley crossing, or, as others
i state, the Union Coursing Park switch.
It is probably due to Providence that
j the passengers were not all severely in
. jured and a portion of them killed out
| right, as the passenger train was run
ning at a fairly good rate of speed. The
1 trouble seems to have occurred from a
I misunderstanding. The freight was
i late and had switched on the side track
at the point of collision. After a few
minutes' wait the engineer started the
, train at the orders of the conductor for
the siding at Ocean View, but as the
I two engines which were attached to
i the freight train passed on to the main
1 track the passenger flier was seen com
' ing but a short distance away. The
'■ brakes were reversed, but without
avail, as the two trains bumped into
1 one another with terrific force, throw
ing the passengers to their feet and
bruising the cattle which had been
penned in vie box cars of the freight
train.
The collision occurred just as the en
gineer of the freight was of the opinion
that all was clear for a run to the
Ocean View switch.
The engineer on the head engine of
the train pulling freight, as well as the
1 engineer and fireman of the passenger
; train, jumped after the lever of the en
gine had been reversed in an attempt
to reduce the force of the collision,
which was seen by all parties to be in
evitable. Conductor Emmicht of the
passenger train was thrown half-way
across the car in which he was stand
• ing, and sustained a sprained wrist and
a bruised leg. No other train hands or
i passengers were injured to any extent,
although several of them fell from their
seats as the collision occurred. After
the wreck it was discovered that the
engines had been badly shaken up. The
front engines on both trains were dam
aged to a considerable extent in the
front portions and in the middle of the
cars on the freight train it was seen
that a flatcar had been twisted into
two pieces. It was thought remarkable
that most of the train had not been
damaged to a greater extent, but it was
due to the position in which the trains
were lying. The rails where the acci
dent occurred were not even twisted,
and within two hours after the wreck
the other trains were allowed to pass
to their destinations on the same rails.
The passengers from Monterey who
were on the way to the city were taken
aboard the San Mateo electric cars and
conveyed to this city, where they ex
pressed their satisfaction at not hav
ing been mingled in the wreck, which
might have resulted with a great loss
of life and property.
Other accidents have taken place at
the same point, and it is a wonder to
railroad men that more fatal accidents
have not happened. The opinion was
expressed by many yesterday that at
some future time a collision would be
witnessed at that point which would
result in a great loss of life. The
switches are badly situated, and or
ders are rarely given to the railroad
hands at that point. However, another
miracle in the way of railroad wrecks
has come and gone, and neither pas
sengers nor owners have suffered to
any great extent.
THE REGISTRARSHIP FIGHT.
Many Democrats Willing to Serve
Their Party and Take Office.
Registrar Hinton, who was appointed
Railroad Commissioner to fill the vacancy
caused by the death of Dr. James I.
Stanton, has received his commission. He
is now anxiously waiting to mcc". his suc
cessor and surrender the Registrar's of
fice to him.
The delay of Governor Budd in naming
the new Registrar is causing many Demo
cratic politicians nights of unrest and
days of uneasiness. There are two score
or more aspirants in the field and the
friends of each one of them be.lleves the
man of his choice will bo the "winner in
the contest for political favor.
Pension Agent I. P. Walsh, who has
twice before occupied the Important office
of Registrar, is now, in the views of his
friends, the strongest man suggested for
the place. James H. O'Brien, the con
tractor, has a host of frfends working for
him and in addition he enjoys the friend
ship of Lientenant-Governor Jeter.
Harry Mulcrtavy, chief deputy under
Registrar Hinton, would not refuse the
place and P. W. MoGlade, who Is at
present in the Street Superintendent's of
fice, would consent to serve it asked by
the Governor.
To mention the names of all of those
who are either aspiring or are being "put
to the front" by their friends would look
like a directory of Democrats.
It Is believed, however, that the Gov
THE SAX FR AS CISCO CAKL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 9, 1898.
ernor will end the suspense within the
next forty-eight hours by naming the new
Registrar.
» o «
LITTLE ONES FEAST.
The Children of the Silver Star Kin
dergarten Royally Entertained.
A most pitiable sight greeted the vis
itor to the Siiver Star Kindergarten, 806
Sansome street, yesterday, while the 125
children of that institution were partici
pating in a feast at the expense of Miss
E. M. Stevens, an English ladf who has
been visiting this city some two years,
but who is now in Portland.
On the lady's first trip to this city she
became interested in this kindergarten,
and on the anniversary of her birthday
she presented the principal with J>7s to
give the little ones a luncheon. The
money more than paid tor the repast, and
the thoughtful principal. Miss Wain
wright, bought a pair of shoes for each
child. This year the gift of Miss Stevens
was repeated, but Colonel H. M. Hecht,
the honorary president of the Society,
presented the kindergarten with thirty
pair of shoes and suggested that the ex
tra money be made use of by buying
aprons for the girls and waists for the
boys.
The good things were not long upon the 1
tables, as each little child ate as though
it were his or her duty to devour as much
as they possibly could. There were sand
wiches with lots of jelly, cookies, or
anges, apples, a nice cup of milk and
many other delicacies, such as the chil
dren had hardly ever seen before, much
less tasted. In the middle of their en
joyment the children showed that they
were getting something out of the
ordinary by carefully wrapping up
in their napkins a cookie, apple or
sandwich that had been given them, and
wh.n asked the reason they answered
that their mamma would like it or their
baby sister had never had any. They
were always promptly given double their
share. The children, each of whom wore
a paper cap on its head representing a
chrysanthemum, sang several songs,
among them being the favorite soup of
their benefactor, entitled " Our Father.
DIBECTORS" ANNUAL MEETING.
The State Board of Trade Favors a
California Exhibition of Its
Products at Paris.
The annual meeting of the Cillfnrnla
State Board of Trade was held at Me
chanics' Pavilion yesterday afternoon,
i with General N. P. Chipman In the chair.
Those present were W. H. Mills, John
\P. Irish, J. A. Filcher, J. S. Emery,
' Cralgie Sharp, IL A. Messenger, Mrs.
■ Elizabeth Shields, B. N. Rowley, F. H.
Buck, E. W. Maslin, J. W. Davis.
Secretary Filcher stated that he was In
; possession of a communication which set
forth that Secretary Wilson of the Cabl
j net would visit California during the
' coming summer. It was also mentioned in
| the letter that President McKinley was
'' considering a vacation trip to California
,' in July or August. It was decided to
i make 'the entertainment of Secretary
1 | Wilson a special order for the next meet
' ing, at which time committees will be ap
• pointed.
The matter of arranging a California
exhibit at the international exhibition at
[ Omaha this summer was brought up in
the shape of a report from A. A. Wat
kins, chairman of the commitee having
that subject in charge. Mr. Watkins
stated that there was no enthusiasm In
the matter shown, and that it was prac
i tically impossible to raise the $15,000 nec
essary for the purpose. Ip view of the
difficulties that H**-e presented them
selves Mr. Watkins recommended that
the project be abandoned. The report was
adopted.
"VV. H. Mills and Colonel John P. Irish
exchanged ideas on the acceptance of the
Alaska Trade Committee, which body
turned over Its affairs to the Hoard of
Trad^ with a cash balance of $500. Mr.
Mills spoke of the efforts made by the
Southern Pacific to equalize rates to
Alaska. The company was doing all U
could In the premises, but at a loss, ow
ing to the existing differential rates. He
suggested that the board might charter
trains from the East, and thus turn the
tide this way. He believed the local mer
chants would contribute to the expense of
this enterprise. After some further re
marks, Mr. Mills moved that the matter
be taken up at the special meeting to
morrow, which was adopted.
President Chinman submitted his an
nual report, in which he said that the
past year had been a prosperous one for
the fruit grower. The shipments to East
ern and European markets were very
large, the total carloads being 48,071. Of
that number 36,440 were of fruit, 6897 of
wines and grapes, and 4734 of vegetables.
Of prunes 8.3,902,t£0 pounds were shipped,
and of limes and lemons 1728 carloads
were sent to the East. After giving much
data concerning horticulture in California
he said that the prospects of fruit grow
ers throughout the State were excellent.
Owing to the increased demand from
Alaska the fruit canning industry Is now
very active.
Regarding the work done by the State
Board of Trade, General Chlpman said
that Its work had been highly advan
tageous to the Interests of California
fruit growers.
The Paris Exposition and the advan
tages of having California fully repre
sented was then opened for general dis
cussion.
Several gentlemen representing the in
terests of the State were called upon for
their views on this question, and all were
unanimous in the opinion that California
should put forth its best efforts to make
a creditable display of her products.
Colonel John P. Irish offered the follow
ing resolution, which was adopted:
"Resolved, That the State Board of
Trade strongly favors and advises a com
prehensive exhibit of the products and
resources of the State at Paris in 1900,
and will promote and direct the same to
the extent of its ability.
"Resolved, That this board will re
quest of the next Legislature an appro
priation of $50,000, for purposes of such
exhibit at Paris."
Secretary Filcher presented his financial
report, which showed that out of the re
ceipts of $12,210 41 there remained in the
treasurer's hands a balance of $1311 81;
with assets, $1220. This showing was con
sidered to be creditable to the secretary's
good management of the board's affairs.
The following board of directors and of
ficers were elected for the ensuing year:
Directors— General N. P. Chipman, J. S.
Emery, W. H. Mills, George C. Perkins,
B. N. Rowley, Mark 1,. McDonald, C. F.
Montgomery, J. P. Irish. E. \V. Maslin,
C. M. Wooster, Mrs. E. Shields.
Officers— General N. P. Chipman, presi
i dent: J. 8. Emery first vice-president; C.
i F. Montgomery, second vice-president; J.
i A. Filcher. secretary and general man
ager; Crocker- Woolworth National Bank,
treasurer.
Headache Quickly Cured.
Dr. Davis' Anti-Headache never falls. 25c*
RAGAN ARMS
FOR BATTLE
The School Director Pre
paring to Strike Back
at Stanton.
Threatens to Have His Accuser
Arrested for Attempted
Extortion.
A Letter and Telegram Which, He
Says, Will Fully Substantiate
the Charge of Blackmail.
School Director Ragan is on the war
path, and declares that before he
smokes the pipe of peace ex-Teacher
Stanton's scalp will be dangling from
his lodge pole.
The affidavit of the former teacher of
mathematics in the Commercial Night
School, as outlined in yesterday's Call,
in which he accuses the School Direc
tor of having Bold him the position for
$300, which he did not pay, and then,
•when the Grand Jury began its in
vestigation Into the affairs of the de
partment, offered Stanton $300 to go to
Australia, giving him $60 in gold and
promising to send the balance to Van
couver, is the cause of the uprising, and
Dr. Ragan will attempt to have Stan
ton punished for attempted extortion.
With this object in view Ragan sum
moned his attorney, J. J. Dwyer, yes
terday, with whom he discussed the
matter, and as a result Dwyer secured
the services of two other lawyers,
whose names Ragan declines to make
public last night, to assist him in the
case. The three lawyers will confer
with Dr. Ragan to-day as to what line
of action to pursue, and it is proba
ble that before night a warrant for
Stanton's arrest will be sworn to.
Dr. Ragan, in an interview last even
ing, said he had a letter from Stan
ton, bearing no address, in which the
writer demanded $240 and threatened
the director with all sorts of calamities
if the money was not forthcoming. This
letter was presented to Ragan by Stan
ton's nephew, who was to receive the
money. Ragan asked his caller to
return later in the day. and when he
did so Ragan had a friend secreted in
the room who overheard the conversa
tion that passed between Ragan and
his visitor. Moreover, Dr. Ragan says
that last Tuesday he received a tele
gram from Stanton, dated Vancouver,
which read: "240 or San Quentin."
Dr. Ragan is at a loss to account for
Stanton fixing upon $240 as the amount
of his demand, but scouts Stanton's
explanation, which, he says, is devoid
of a particle of truth.
C. W. Welch, secretary of the Board
of Education, is indignant at the use
Stanton has made of his name, and ve
hemently denies the charge that he
acted as the go-between between Stan
ton and Ragan. Mr. Welch says he
first met Stanton In a business way
in 1895, when Stanton was teaching
school In Vacaville. He did not see
him again until he came to this city
seeking a position. Stanton asked
Welch for a letter of introduction to
Ragan and Welch wrote a few words
on a card. Afterward Stanton told him
he had used Welch's name with all the
Directors, to which Welch made no ob
jection. One day Dr. Ragan told
Welch that he had appointed Stanton
as a substitute teacher. That .was the
only time they had talked about him.
Both Ragan and Welch state that
Stanton has an unenviable record
in Vallejo, where, they say, he was
strongly suspected of having set fire to
a store he owned in order to obtain the
insurance money.
E. C. Kilpatrick, the principal of the
Commercial Night School, who is now
under suspension on charges, which
Stanton's affidavit is intended, to clear
him of, is reluctant to discuss the mat
ter. He said, however, that one night
Stanton went to his residence and told
him he had been forced by Ragan and
the others to make the first affidavit
attacking Kilpatrick, but that he had
come back to right the wrong he had
done. He then gave Mr. Kilpatrick a
written statement which Kilpatrick
took to a notary and Stanton acknowl
edged it. This Is the affidavit that has
been brought against Dr. Ragan.
Wants His Marriage Annulled.
Malkom Nordstrom has applied to the
courts to annul his marriage to Annie
Nordstrom. The plaintiff alleges that he
married his wife in New York during the
month of November, 1895, while laboring
under a misapprehension. He also claims
that he was threatened by his wife,
which caused him to marry her. He has
since found, he alleges, that his wife"s
statements were false, and he now asks
for an annulment of the marriage con
tract.
San Francisco Elks.
San Francisco Lodge. P. B. O. E., has
decided to postpone the ladles' night
which had been announced for next Fri
day on account of the Lenten season. It
will be given in the latter part of April.
The lodge Is also making arrangements to
have produced under its auspices an
opera which has never yet been put on a
lyric stage.
Two Years for Burglary.
Louis Schwartz was sentenced to two
years In San Quentin by Judge Dunne
yesterday morning on a charge of burg
lary in the second degree. On June 2
last the prisoner broke into a house at 2128
California street, and rather than face
trial for the offense he pleaded guilty,
and in consequence escaped with a light
sentence.
DRUGGED IN
SLEEP BY
FRIEND
A Miner Is Chloro
formed While He
Slumbers.
His Bedfellow Relieved
Him of All the Money
He Had.
Albert Freeman Misplaced His
Confidence in Daniel
O'Brien.
SUPPORTED HIM MONTHS.
The Police of the California Station
Quickly Capture the Clever
Robber.
By misplacing: his trust in a man
whom he supposed to be a friend Al
bert Freeman is out $150, but a por
tion of the amount will be recovered,
as Daniel O'Brien, the supposed friend,
has been captured by Officer McGray
an of the California-street Police Sta
tion.
Last Saturday morning Freeman and
O'Brien came down from Stockton and
registered at the Golden Eagle Hotel,
on the corner of Broadway and Mont
gomery avenue. In the evening the
two men went to bed together, but
when Freeman awoke the next morn
ing his friend was gone, and with him
$150, which had been sewed up in Free
man's undershirt. The smell of
chloroform was noticeable In the room,
and, as the robbed man felt dazed, he
came to the conclusion that O'Brien
had drugged him while he slept.
The police were immediately notified
of the robbery and officers were de
tailed to find O'Brien. Yesterday aft
ernoon McGrayan found the man In
a saloon at 635 Clay street, arrested
him and placed him in the tanks of
the City Prison without filing any
charge against him. About $40 in pa
per money was found in his possession
and a money order for $50, which
O'Brien had purchased at Station D
Postoffice to send to his son John, who
lives at Hannibal, Mo. A battle of
chloroform In O'Brien's pocket proved
to the officer that Freeman's story of
having been chloroformed had some
foundation.
The tale of the friendship between
the two men is an interesting one, and,
while it shows up O'Brien's lack of
gratitude in brilliant colors, it also
proves that he is fully capable of liv
ing on hia wits. Freeman, who is a
mining man and rancher of Riverside,
met O'Brien at that place three months
ago, and the two struck up a friend
ship. O'Brien confided to his friend
that he o-wned a fabulously rich mine
in Washington, which he lacked money
to work, and asked Freeman to go in
with him to develop it. As proof of
his proprietorship he produced a legal
looking document purporting to be a
deed to the mine, and Freeman agreed
to go into the deal. Freeman did not
have the money at the time, but be
gan to beat about among his friends
to raise the required amount. He
ADVERTISEMENTS.
88 88 U 83 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 82 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88.88 88 88 88 83 -88 88 88 88*88 88 88 88 « 88 88 83^
i^^^^ 38 ! A Sure Cure ; f
iif !>>¥% 1 For Weak Men. 5
a a f^^^^BS' ■ Men Who Are Broken Down '«
« mi^^^^^^ ® in Serves . and Lacking;;
: : I '^mu^Tm^' % Strength Can Depend on g
" IW4 '^ Dr.-Sanden?s Electric Belt a
« -rp^" .r to Cure When Everything!
IWi % Else Fails ; . V_.' S
1 W @ M When uour neighbor saus it cured him, when uou §
88 (f s! 'IS- know that over 10,000 men have been restored bu it, g
a m■■ k ■ m, uou MUST have confidence in this wonderful Belt. --.a.
ss $8 mi! «X uou have failed in other: means that is no argument «
% m X against it, for nine out of ten of its cures were made ■■«■■
a'« ■ 05 after all else had failed. It pours vitalitu ■ into the ■§
5% Si? .- -c^- nerves and muscles, restoring the wasted power, and it a
if 1 I Stop Drugging and Try It. |
if S I Stop Drugging and Try It. \
» ■ ffi'- t§3 Hi .I. If v are weak : and Jailing, try it to-dau. It costs a
aWi -S 1? less^than half the. ordinary doctor hill, and is ten times I
J,| -M more effective. As it saturates the weak Darts with its ss
§ M 33'"' iS? vitalizing power it checks all drains upon the sustem g
I* Wi :^ M and brings the nerves up to a vigorous standard. It «
?- : «■ '©•'■' : »- ;; positively cures all weakness of men, nervousness, vari- :.
11 ra^^p .■■'a»: cocele and kindred ailments. •»..
|II m Free Book, "Three Classes of Men." «
a m - ! JBw This tells about :lt i and - aives hundreds of : grateful g
88 : J» :; '-»«L- letters. If you are. a weak man, read it. Sent free,
'• 3&&i&£zfQ sealed, on application. If possible call and examine the »
a f^r^m^ Belt and test it free. ss
m /Vt- SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., 632 Market Street, OpposUe o . g
88 ■ /Lfc > OAHLW-'l' ULLv 1 IV IV Wl/»j =.. Palace Hotel, »an Francisco, jj;
a Office hours— « a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. Cal., 204 ©•
88 i South Broadway; Portland. -Or., 253 Washington St.; Denver. Colo.. 931 Slxteentn St.; Dallas, *°
SS;, TeX NOTE— Make' no mistake in the number— 633 MARKET STREET. E&
I'saSS 88 88*88 88 88 88 88 88 88 28 88 8888 88 88 88 U 88 U S 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88!8 88 BSBB 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88_88 88 88 88 88.- ■
wmte to relatives in Ireland, and from
them received $100. while $50 mare was
secured from friends in Redfields.
During the three months it took to
get the money for the venture O'Brien
was fed, clothed and lodged by Free
man, and the two were bosom friends.
Freeman now holds the deed to the
Washington mine, but it is not likely
that he will continue his trip north
to Investigate the value of the prop
erty. The Police Department tele
graphed to "Washington to see !f any
such mine existed, and received the
reply that Mr. O'Brien owned no prop
erty there.
When O'Brien was arrested he was
slightly under the influence of liquor,
but refused to talk of the matter at all.
He was seen in a saloon on Kearny
street about 7 o'clock Sunday morning,
and at that time displayed a large roll
of greenbacks. Officer Bell was ap
proached by the man the same day,
and O'Brien started a conversation,
telling him all about the mine. The
policeman became much interested,
and had serious intentions of throwing
up his position and entering into a
partnership, which O'Brien promised
would net the two $20,000 a year. The
case against O'Brien is a clear one,
and it is prc-bable he won't be able to
work his mine or friends for some
years.
SHIPS WE FIGHT WITH.
Interesting Lecture on War Vessels
by Irving M. Scott.
"Ships We Fight With" was the subject J
of a most interesting illustrated lecture i
delivered by Irving M. Scott last even- j
ing in the First United Presbyterian
Church. The lecture was for the benefit !
of the church fund and was the first of \
a series of four, the three remaining ones •
of which will follow at Intervals of a I
week.
Mr. Scott spoke of warships generally
at first, but the principal part of his ad
dress was devoted to those ships which
have been built on this Coast. He started
with the Charleston, the pioneer of them
all. and then he described in order the
San Farncisco. the Monterey, the Olym
pia, the Oregon, the Marietta, the Wheel
ing, then the Japanese cruiser Chitose,
just launched, and the United States bat
tleship Wisconsin, now being built. He
also showed some of the merchant ships
which had been built here. Mr. Scott de
scribed the construction of the ships, the
difficulties that have to be overcome in
some of the large castings necessary and
the appliances which must be used.
He spoke, too, on the necessity of a
navy, and showed how the United States
had grown and what amount of territory
she had to protect. To point his remarks
he showed a picture of the vessels of the
English navy grouped together and then
one of the American ships.
Toward the close of his remarks he
showed a picture of the ill-fated Maine
as she was just before she left the harbor
of New York to seek her death in the
waters of Havana. He described the lo
cation of her magazines and explained
tho various theories of her destruction.
His closing sentences were drowned in the
applause which greeted a beautiful alle
gorical picture of the flag, waved by Lib
erty with the dome of the Capitol in the
distance, which ended the pictorial por
tion of the entertainment.
For Country Trade.
The Manufacturers' and Wholesalers'
League, which is a branch of the Manu
facturers' and Producers' Association, Is
branching out In earnest again for the
summer trade. The purpose of the league
is to induce the merchants in the country
to come to this city and make their pur
chases instead of buying from Eastern
firms, whose only interest on this coast is
represented by drummers who go skating
along their routes from one town to an
other. To accomplish this the league fur
nishes to the country merchants free
transportation to and from the city, that
is those merchants who live any consid
erable distance away.
This does not mean that merchants in
the country may ride perpetually be
tween their homes and the city free and
at their own sweet will, for the time is
limited to that period when they usually
maJie their purchases for the season's
trade. This time the period of free pas
sage is from March 16 to April 18 on the
railroads and to May 16 to those who are
obliged to travel by the steamers. Last
year the invitations were sent out by the
local merchants to their mercantile
friends, but this year the invitations are
being sent from the rooms of the league
direct. Country liquor dealers are not in
cluded among those who receive these in
vitations.
On Constitutional Law.
Andy Sparks, a boiler maker, who was
convicted on a charge of petty larceny,
was locked up in the ctty prison last
evening by Deputy Sheriff Hinters of
Sacramento. The prisoner is here for the
purpose of testing the constitutionality of
the Police Courts in Sacramento in the
State Supreme Court. The prisoner's
lawyers will arrive in a day or two. when
the case will be tested. It is thought the
Sacramento Police Courts will come in
for a criticism not altogether compli
mentary.
WESLEY LEWIS ON TRIAL.
Considerable Evidence Admitted
Tending to Prove That He As
saulted Miss Ready.
The second trial of Wesley T. Lewis,
who Is charged with having criminally
assaulted Florence Ready, an attendant
upon the Lincoln Grammar School. 18
years of age. on the night of May 25.
1896, wan commenced before Judge Dunne
and a jury yesterday morning. After the
jury had been impaneled the prosecution,
which is being conducted by Assistant
District Attorney Black, put on many
witnesses and what seems to be a com
plete chain of evidence against the ac
cused was the result. S. A. Perry. P. D.
Dunn, Samuel Harris. T. C. van Bibber,
J. H. Hubachek. J. T. Brophy, B. Kick
erson. F. MoMullen. James F. Swift, S.
P. Robbins. James Rossiter. Sarah A.
Ready, mother of the assaulted girl: Jef
frey Powers, Alice G. Brant. Albert Hen
nesey and R. I. Cunningham were on the
stand during the day and all gave evi
dence tending to prove that the charge
aprainst Lewis was not falsely made.
Many more witnesses for the prosecution
will bo put on the stand and then the
defense will have an inning. . From cer-»
tain hints dropped by Attorney J. N\ B.
Wilson* who represents the accused, it is
surmised that an attempt will be mada
to prove that Miss Ready was in the,
habit of returning to her home at un-«
usual hours and that she was frequently
admonished for her actions. Mrs. Ready
denied on the stand yesterday that such
was the case and said that her daughter
had been very regular in returning from
school and that she was always accom
panied by her school mates. The trial
may occupy a full week and during that
period many sensational developments are;
expected.
W. H. Mammon and the Weather.
W. H. Hammon, the local forecast of
ficial and weather prophet, delivered a
lecture at the Mechanics' Institute last
evening before .he San Francisco Farm
ers' Club on the subject of "What the
Weather Bureau is Trying to Do for the
Farmers." The lecture consisted mainly
of a history of the institution since its
birth, why it was originally called Into
existence and the present and various
purposes to which it is now devoted. An
additional development of the present
scope of the bureau is the ascertaining of
the various atmospheric conditions at an
unusual altitude. Congress lately made
an appropriation for the purpose of carry-
Ing on and furthering this investigation
and experiments, and the money granted
has been devoted to the erection of sta
tions on mountains and high elevations
throughout ixie country. The first station
of this character on this coast was re
cently erected on the summit of Mount
Tamalpais.
Crushed While at Work.
George Miller, a fireman living at 1250
Filbert street and employed at Wieland's
brewery, received contusions of the chest
and back and possibly internal injuries
last evening. While placing a stop block
under the wheels of a coal cart which
wa*i backing to the coal bin he was
caught and crushed between the bin and
cart. The extent of his injuries cannot be
determined for a day or two, but it is ex
pected the injured man will recover.
Explosives His Subject.
The Y. M. I. Lecture Bureau has ar-
ranged another of its popular lectures,
which will be given on Tuesday evening
next in St Ignatius Hall, Van Ness
avenue. Rev. Henry Wooods, S. J., will
sp^ak on "Explosives. Physically and
Chemically Considered." As the lecture
will be under the auspices of Columbus
Council No. E5, Y. M. 1., it is expected
that a large crowd will attend.
Musicians Arrive.
Henri Marteau. the French violinist,
and Alme Lachaume, the pianist, arrived
from Chicago last evening. Marteau is
considered throughout the East as the
greatest artist visiting this country since
Wlenlawski. Lachaume will be remem
bered as the accompanist of Tsaye and
Rivarde. the violin virtuosos who both
made successses here.
In the Divorce Courts.
Mrs. Ella Peart was granted a divorce
from her husband, Louis H. Peart, yes
terday on the ground of willful neglect.
Bertha Zeust was granted a divorce from
Charles Zeust on statutory grounds.
Minnie E. Goodrich was granted a divorca
from Albert Goodrich on the ground that
her husband was convicted of a felony.
56
WEDNESDAY MARCH 9, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market .and Third Sts., S. F-
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
« for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE---- 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rigft» House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 339 Hayes street, open until
. 9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second and
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "The Serenade "
Columbia— Primrose and West's Minstrels.
Alcazar— "A GllueJ Fool-
Morosco's— "The Woman In Black."
Tlvoll— "The G«lsha-'
Tlvol!— Concert to-morrow afternoon.
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Ol.vmpln. corner Mason and Eddy nti-eets-Spee laities.
Auditorium. Mason and Ellis streets— Violin Recital Saturday
afternoon. March 12.
Ihe Chutes— Chlqulta and Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Masquerade Ball, Saturday evening,
Marcb 12.
California Jockey Club, Oakland— Races to-day.
SON FRANCISCO (WO THE EXPOSITION
\\ AYOR PHELAN should act as promptly as
/ \ is consistent with a careful selection in ap
' * pointing a committee to represent San Fran
cisco in the projected enterprise of holding a grand
interstate exposition oi the resources of the West in
celebration of the admission of California to state
hood in the Union. The movement is well advanced
and the importance of the work is one that does not
admit of delay.
The situation of affairs is this: Governor Budd has
invited the Governors of States and Territories com
prised in the region known as the Great West to ap
point delegates to attend an interstate convention
to discuss the proposed exposition and to determine
where and when it shall be held and to. arrange for
undertaking it. When this convention meets there
will be other cities as well as San Francisco to apply
for the honor of holding the exposition, and it is
theiefore imperative that we should be prepared to
urge our claims with success, or at least with zeal and
reason, when the question of location comes before
the convention for settlement.
Under any circumstances, whether we are to have
a strong rivalry in the contest for the exposition or
not, it is important that we should have a committee
prepared to go before the interstate convention with
a definite programme of what this city will undertake
to do for the enterprise. California will be looked to
for leadership in the movement throughout the West,
and San Francisco will be looked to for leadership
throughout California. The lead cannot be held,
however, without doing something to deserve it. If
San Francisco is not prepared to make a good show
ing when the convention meets Los Angeles or some
other enterprising city of the Great West may carry
off the honors, and the profit of holding the first
Great Western exposition will be lost to us by our
own negligence.
The Mayor should act at once in appointing the
rommittee and thus give the committee time to ac
complish something before the convention meets.
THE CRIME AGfIINST OfIKLfIND.
SULLENLY and stolidly, but with as much
shameless effrontery as ever, the Solid Six of
the Oakland Council have carried out their
scheme of spoliation against the people in the inter
ests of the water companies. They have enacted their
ordinance fixing the water rate, and the only recourse
left to the citizens is to test the validity of the act
by an appeal to the courts as soon as an attempt is
made to collect water charges under it.
The people of Oakland should lay the lesson of this
experience to their hearts and resolve to profit by it.
Even if the courts grant relief the victory will have
been won in a tedious and costly way. Moreover, if
the exorbitant rates now allowed the companies be
set aside, the chances are the same influences which
procured the enactment of such rates may with more
cunning bring about a new ordinance on the subject
which will virtually give the companies all they de
sire and yet be so drawn and enacted as to stand all
legal tests and be upheld by the Judges.
The one lesson to be profitably drawn from the ex
perience with this job is the importance to a com
munity to elect to office men who can be relied upon
to keep their pledges, be faithful to their trusts and
guard the interests of the community against the re
petition of such jobs as this which has just been per
petrated.
If Oakland can keep the memory of the outrageous
scenes in her Council chamber during the last few
weeks fresh in mind until the next election comes
and act in accordance with the lessons they teach her
citizens will have no occasion to regret the perpetra
tion of the job even if the courts uphold it. It is
worth paying a high price for water if the water can
be made to have an effect in purifying politics.
Policeman Callinan needs to dance on the carpet
before the Commissioners. He arrested a sane man,
charging him with insanity, and seems to have had
absolutely no excuse. A citizen is not necessarily
crazy because he does not like a policeman who has
rendered himself obnoxious.
Several people have died on the desert lately from
the effects of wood alcohol. There is no occasion for
a man who is going into the desert to provide him
self with this poison. His chances of dying are pretty
good without it.
Of course there is no possible action for the Police
Commissioners to-dny but to dismiss Sergeant Davis
from the force which he disgraces. The man has had
an opportunity to defend himself and had no defense
to make.
New Yorkers think they have seen a sign of war in
the sky. They describe it as a tongue of flame. Prob
ably the correspondents expelled from Cuba have
reached home and arc breathing fire.
When next Sobral shall visit this country the au
thorities may have the felicity of hanging him as a
spy.
A PEOCE MEASURE.
f~* CONGRESSMAN CANNON was right when in
( introducing his bill appropriating $50,000,000
for national defense he declared, "It is not a
war measure. I say in my judgment it is a peace
measure. The Government of the United States would
not, if it could, trench upon the rights of any nation
upon earth." In that statement the crisis is exactly
described. The United States designs no aggression
against Spain, and the sum voted by Congress in the
bill reported by Mr. Cannon means peace, for it
gives warning to Spain that if war comes by her
provocation we shall be ready for it.
That Congress has not taken this action without
due cause is apparent to the whole world. We have
borne with Spain a long time. We have given her
ample opportunity to close the war in Cuba with jus
tice to the Cubans and honor to herself. We have
tolerated actions on the part of her officials which
have reduced American citizens resident in Cuba to
such a condition of destitution that relief has had to
be provided for them as objects of charity. We have
seen the Maine destroyed and a crew of American
seamen blown to death under circumstances which
justify a belief that Spanish treachery caused the dis
aster, and still we have stayed our hands.
Spain has not met this moderation on our part
with a proper spirit of friendliness. She has shown
no appreciation of our forbearance. At a time when
we are straining a point to preserve peace with her
she sends us a notice of objection to our Consul-Gen
eral in the islands and a request that our relief sup
plies for Americans in Cuba should not be sent in
any vessel belonging to the navy. This objection and
this request tend to increase the difficulty of the crisis.
They raise new points of international antagonism
and can hardly be regarded as anything else than in
tentional expressions of ill-will and hostility.
It is true that the firm attitude of President Mc-
Kinley in refusing to grant either request made by
the Spanish Government has been followed by a
prompt submission on the part of Spain. The with
drawal of the demands does not, however, weaken in
any way the effect produced by making them. They
disclosed on the part of the Spaniards a feeling of
animosity toward the United States, and the with
drawal does not imply that the animosity has abated.
It is high time for the republic to be on guard.
That the bill was passed by the House promptly
and without a division was no more than what was to
have been expected. There are no divisions among
the American people on issues involving national
honor and national defense. As a matter of fact a bill
appropriatingsioo,ooo.ooo would have as readily passed
the House and would have been received with an
even warmer approval by the country. The old sen
timent expressed by the phrase, "Millions for de
fense, but not one cent for tribute" still lives among
the people. Whatever sum may be necessary at this or
any other time to provide for defense in a just cause
will be forthcoming as swiftly as the emergency calls
for it.
Moreover, the vote was not in any way a bluff. As
Mr. Cannon explained, we have the money in the
treasury to meet the appropriation if it is expended.
We do not have to borrow nor to increase taxation
to provide $50,000,000 'or national defense. If bank
rupt Spain has any judgment left in her councils she
will take notice of that fact and not throw herself
into a conflict that will end only in her defeat and
loss.
THE RECIPROCITY TREATY.
THE failure of annexation brings to the front an
equable adjustment of our commercial relations
with Hawaii. No one questions the wisdom of
reciprocity arrangements, when the results are re
ciprocal and complementary.
If we receive eight millions a year trade from
Hawaii and that country take only four millions of
trade from us, the commerce is not complementary.
Jt means that we are settling the difference in cash, to
be used in buying of other countries what Hawaii
should take from us. A remission of duties only upon
a volume of imports from her equal to that of our ex
ports to her would be genuine reciprocity and a use
ful spur to our own trade.
It would stimulate the islands to consume as much
American products as they send of theirs to our mar
ket, and would do away with some of the objections
to the encroachment of their surplus upon the market
here of similar merchandise produced by our own
labor.
Reciprocity is an American policy. We pursued
it profitably in former days in our Canadian trade,
and have successfully experimented with it in our ex
changes with the West Indies and South America.
But these experiments have been so well guarded that
the sacrifice of revenue was offset by a gain in trade.
The reports of Consul-General Mills show that for
i 895 99 per cent of Hawaiian exports were to the
United States, while of her imports for the same year
only 79 per cent were from the United States. She
sent us practically all of her exports, but she spent the
proceeds with Great Britain, China. Japan, Australia
and New Zealand, Germany and Canada, in the order
named. Her total exports were $8,474,138, and her
imports were $5,714,017. As she sent to us $8,392,189
and took from us only $4,516,319, we had to make
good a balance of $3,875,870, of which she spent
$1,197,698 in buying of other countries and retained
the balance.
In 1896 her exports amounted to $15,515,230, of
which she sent to us $15,460,008, and in the same year
she took from us only $5,464,207, leaving a balance
against us of $0,095,801, and bought of other countries
nearly 25 per cent of all her imports, while we took
99 per cent of her exports.
This is stimulating trade with other nations at our
expense. These statistics show the need of applying
plain commercial principles to our relations with the
islands and the installing of a better form of reci
procity which will give to our export trade *o them
its proper expansion.
The men in control of the Hawaiian Government
should easily see that reciprocity of necessity depends
upon a fair equality of exchange. If we remit duty on
$15,000,000 of Hawaiian imports and she on only
$5,000,000 of American imports, this principle of
equality is largely lacking. Such a one-sided system
cannot long endure, and unless the advantages of re
ciprocity are equalized the whole system will fail and
the treaty will be abrogated.
It is to save the commercial principle involved and
to avoid the injury to interests concerned that we
advise a revision of these relations that will inflict no
wrong upon either country, but will be to the con
tinued advantage of both.
Announcement is made that a Tacoma man has suc
ceeded in transmuting antimony into gold. The great
charm about such reports as this is that nobody is
expected to believe them.
When Consuls begin to resign it is a sign that
something is the matter. Consuls have been known
to die, but this habit of resigning is something new.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 9, 1898.
IF the Board of Freeholders now engaged in com
piling a new charter desire to place before the
voters an instrument which will stand some chance
of adoption they will study the problem of economi
cal administration. The strong demand of the people
of this city at the moment is for an economical and
efficient government. There is no disposition to be
parsimonious, either in salaries, number of officials or
in amount that may be expended for public improve
ments. But it is perfectly safe to say that the people
will reject any charter which creates more offices J
without promising better government.
When the charter now in course of compilation
comes up for adoption comparisons will be made
with the present system. If the Freeholders create
more tax eaters the people will want to know how the
government is going to be improved by their employ
ment. All municipal extravagance begins and ends
in the salary roll. Every time a new charter is
adopted it is found to contain facilities for enlarging
the number of offices which may be permanently fas
tened upon the treasury. No one ever thinks of
abolishing or consolidating municipal functions, but
the slightest excuse for increasing the number of
places at the disposal of the head of this or that de
partment serves as a crying necessity for more office
holders.
The tendency to increase municipal expenditure
without producing corresponding benefit is well un
derstood in San Francisco. It may be set down as
certain that our people will reject any charter that
makes provision for extravagant management.
It follows, therefore, that if the Freeholders desire
to frame a charter which will receive the approval of
the people they should do four things. First, they
should provide an unchangeable limit on taxation;
second, they should place the power to increase or
diminish the forces of the different departments of the
city government in the Board of Supervisors; third,
they should cut the number of Commissi^ .ers down
to the lowest notch, creating only such as are abso
lutely necessary; fourth, they should pay for large
public improvements with bond issues. As bonds can
only be issued after a vote of the people this will prove
an effectual check on all wild or extravagant schemes
of improvement.
When the charter to be proposed by the Freehold
ers is placed before the voters it will be examined
solely with a view to ascertaining how and in what
manner the government has been cheapened. If it
shall be found that the extravagances of the present
system have all been retained and more added to them
and that a limit of taxation has been provided which,
by fixing expenditures, will create an annual deficit,
the charter will be rejected by a large majority.
What the people want is an economical and efficient
government. Efficiency can never be attained so long
as tax eaters are falling over each other at the City
Hall, nor can economy be produced s<~> long as there
is no limit to taxation and the power to create places
is uncurbed. Until the people can pet n charter which
will make provision for such a government as we have
outlined it is safe to say they will endure the evils
they have rather than fly to others they know not of.
DOVID BENNETT HILL'S PLATFORM.
BRYAN, Towne and other silver-tongued orators
who have words to she<i and arc prepared to
shed them now had better hasten swifjly to
New York and try the witchery of their eloquence
there or they may have tcar> to shed at the Demo
cratic convention in 1900, and briny, bitter tears at
that.
The astute and energetic David Bennett Hill is not
politically dead, neither is he sleeping. From his en
forced retirement at Wolfert's Roost there comes no
sound of words, but the l>uzz of the wood saw goes
on continuously and the hum of it is ominous to the
planks of the Chicago platform and all who stand
thereon. Mr. Hill is working while Bryan talks. He
is reaching out a glad hand to every Democratic ma
chine in the State of New York from Tammany in the
metropolis by the sea to that of Buffalo by the lake.
He has a candidate and a platform to substitute for
those put forth at Chicago, and they are of a kind that
are dangerous to the silver men and the issue of 16
to r.
Hill is wise enough to know that there is no way
of dodging the money question. He proposes, there
fore, to make it a subordinate issue of 1000 by setting
up another which will prove more tempting to the
Democratic hosts than the enticing proposition Bryan
offers. His plan of campaign as defined by the latest
reports from New York is to raise the battle cry of
"Down with the trusts" and array the combined hosts
of Democracy and Populism against corporations of
all kinds, from those that control transcontinental
railroads to those that manage local water companies.
It cannot be questioned that the tactics of the New-
Yorker are cunning. If there is anything which can
call off the dogs of war of the forces of discontent in
this country from pursuit of the silver issue it is to
offer them the trusts ns a new game to follow and
devour if they can. The campaign of education in
discontent on the subject is already well advanced.
Hill can appeal to a sentiment formed beforehand to
respond to him. It is this fact that gives importance
to his plans and renders it imperative upon the silver
men to head him off while there is yet time.
The new tactics are essentially the same as those
of the Bryanites, but are more dangerous because
they have more plausible grounds on which to ap
peal to popular discontent. Men of all parties con
cede that legislation is advisable to check the in
creasing aggressions of trusts against the general
welfare, but intelligent men recognize that such legis
lation should be the result of conservative counsel and
non-partisan action, as it has been in the past. To
raise the issue as a party cry is to give a new oppor
tunity to demagogues and agitators to divide the
people into classes rather than into political parties,
and would therefore be a menace to the social and
industrial peace of the republic.
The recent address of ex-President Harrison on
Washington's birthday is a proof that Republican
leaders well understand the evils produced in the
country by unscrupulous wealth, and are prepared to
redress them. That was the speech of conservatism
and of wisdom on the issue. Very different is the
course advocated by Hill. He would have the of
fenses of the trusts magnified, exaggerated and dis
torted to monstrosities in order to inflame the masses
against every one who is rich, whether he is a member
of a trust or not. It is a desperate game to play, but
it promises Hill and Tammany a chance to win their
way back to power in 1900. and they seem determined
to play it under the cry of "anything to beat Bryan."
It would be a pity if the Philippine Islands were to
free themselves now from the hateful rule of Spain.
If they will wait a little longer they would be likely
to find the task much easier.
Young Sullivan, who shot the Keatings, is said to
yearn for a reputation as a killer. A man with this
ambition deserves encouragement. He should be af
forded every facility for suicide.
WHAT THE PEOPLE WANT.
) THROWS LIGHT 200 " 3^CII_.ES.
) __
)
) /"> EVERAL members of the signal corps and officers of the artil
) L lery have been experimenting with the searchlights at Sandy
) Hook and Fort Wadsworth, says the New York World. At pres
) Vs./ ent there are two projectors at Fort Wadsworth, each having
) reflectors thirty inches in diameter. Before the month is over
) two lights of the same power will be placed on the works at Fort
) Hamilton. The single great searchlight at Sandy Hook is the largest
i in the world. It was constructed by the General Electric Company for
) purposes of exhibition, and was so successful that the Government
) purchased it and placed it at Fort Hancock, where it now sweeps
i the sea for thirty miles from its pedestal, close to the . shore of the
i Hook.
This great light is ten feet six inches from the pedestal to the top
of the ventilator. Its weight is 6000 pounds, but so perfectly Is it bal
anced that a child can move It at will. The reflecting lens Is sixty
inches in diameter. It is a concave, spherical mirror and reflects a
sensibly parallel ray of light. This lens is three and one-fourth
inches thick at the edges and only one-sixteenth of an inch thick at
the center. It weighs 800 pounds. The metal ring which surrounds it
is 750 pounds in weight.
Just how far a beam of light reflected by this projector dan be
seen has not yet been definitely determined. It is estimated that it
is capable of manifesting itself for a distance of between 200 and 300
miles.
The thirty-inch reflector now at Fort Wadsworth, and soon to be
placed at Fort Hamilton, throws a beam of light nearly a hundred
miles. The power of the light is approximately equal to 100,000 can
dles.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
There were 15S court-martials in the
British navy in l^M on bluejackets and
marines afloat and 22S court-martials on
marines ashore, making a total of 356
court-martials for 491 offenses. The
strength was ".?M, making one man tried
out of every 300. In the United States
navy the moan strength during 1896 w;is
12. .'00 and there wrere 147 court-martials,
giving a ratio of one trial to S5 men.
Of the court-martials in our navy 101
were of the seamen class, of which the
mean strength was 10.000, and forty-six
marines, of which there were ttto. The
relative proportion of trials of the two
branches were one to ninety-nine in the
seamen class and one to fifty-four in the
marine corps. The latter service is im
proving every year if the diminishing
number of court-martinis is an indication
to that effect. It will be observed that in
the British navy there were 228 marines
at shore stations, the moan strensth not
exceeding 6200, which would make one
out of twonty-ttcven men tried, or just
twice the number in our marine corps.
The British cruiser-Diadem is still going
through a series of trials to determine the
coal consumption at certain speeds with a
given number of boilers in use. Each trial
is of fifteen hours' duration and has given
satisfactory economic results from the
water-tube boilers. With eight boilers, 270
pounds of steam and sixty-five revolu
tions, 3266 horse-power were developed on
a consumption of 2.35 pounds of coal per
horse-power. "With sixteen boilers, 260
pounds of steam and 89 revolutions the
horse-power was 7119 and the coal used
1.94 pounds. The latest trial with twenty
four boilers, carrying 265 pounds of steam,
resulted In 107 revolutions, 12.552 horse
power on I.BS pounds of coal. This last
trial lasted through thirty hours and the
speed, taken by land marks, showed an
average of twenty knots during nearly
eleven hours.
The launch of one of the cruisers built
at Stettin last December was not a suc
cess. The vessel was to be launched. De
cember 11, and high Chinese dignitaries
and others were on hand to witness the
affair, but the vessel refwsed to move on
time. During the first half hour the ship
moved only one yard and when darkness
set in she had progressed about thirty
five feet. It took several days to effect
the launch, and Involved considerable ex
pense, nor had it at last accounts been
ascertained if the ship had sustained any
damage.
The Japanese battle-ship Shikishlwa,
building at the Thames Iron Works, Lon
don, will be forty-eight feet longer than
the Majestic class of six in the British
navy. The horsepower will be 14,500,
against 12,000 of the Majestic, and the
main armament will consist of four 12
inch and fourteen quick-tiring 6-inch guns,
which exceeds the British battle-ship ar
mament by two 6-inch guns.
Twelve sailors were drowned in the har
bor of Kiel on the night of February 5.
They were crossing from the navy yard
over to the town in a steam launch when
a heavy sea boarded and sunk the launch.
The sailors, heavily clothed and armed,
went down with the boat.
The French naval estimates, as finally
passed by the Chamber, authorize the
construction of one battle-ship of the
Jena type, of 12 000 tons; three armored
cruisers of 9500 tons each, and eleven tor
pedo-boats.
With the Victorious, Barfleur and Gib
raltar added to the ships now in the
British squadron in Chinese waters, Eng
land's navy will exceed those of France
and Russia together by 25,000 tons.
The torpedo-boat destroyer Violet made
an average speed of thirty knots an hour
during a recent continuous trial of three
hours. ___^_^_______
Love is like strawberry shortcake. The
kind you have to pay for is spongry. and
you can't eat as much of It as you do of
tho home-made kind.— New York Press.
HEP! HEP! HEP!
. As the news of threatened battle goes a
• flashin' o'er the wire,
How It rouses into action all our patriotic
fire. r'-.-;;r '-.- ; ;
1 Starts the eyes of men to gleamin* with a
i most unusual light, -
An' their loyal cheeks a flushin' with the
eagerness to fight.
An' I reckon martial ardor burns the hot
test in the breast
Of the tottering ol' veteran whose head
in gray is dressed,
An' he feels a loyal yearnin' fur to once
again keep step >;• ' :
To the officer's ejaculated
Hep!
Hep!
Hep!
As he reads the war dispatches he recalls
the stirrin' days
When from Maine to Californy , all ! the
country was ablaze
With the ashes of excitement an' the
patriotic fires
That was fanned to loyal fury by the
breezes from the wires. ' /
Once again he feels the spirit of the days
of Sixty-one
When his hands first grasped a greetin' i
to an Uncle Sammy gun,
When he fell into the column an' with
martial ardor kep'
His young trotters beatin' gravel to the
Hep!
Hep!
Hep!
He recalls the weary marches an' the \
camp an' bivouac.
An' the heavy load he toted on the sum
mit of his back.
An' he thinks about the hardtack that a
rat trap couldn't bite.
An' the prehistoric bacon strong enough
■to help him fight.
I Then the lively roar of battle seems again
to greet his ears.
He kin hear the stirrin' bugles an' the
wild- triumphant cheers
As the rebel ranks were shattered an'
. again he caught the step
Goin' back to camp a marchin' to the
Hep!
Hep!
Hep!
But the hand o' time has fallen, an' has
dimmed his martial star,
An' his achin' limbs are echoes of the
hardships of the war,
But his patriotic 'spirit is as young an' I
strong an' true
As It was back in the Sixties when he I
wore the honored, blue.
An if now the call were sounded an' the
youngsters marched away
Fur to stand beneath Ol' Glory in the
powder-heated fray.
How the tears of disappointment from his '
aging eyes would drep.
An' he'd feel his legs a twitchln' to the
Hep!
Hep!
- Hep!
— Denver Post.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS,
B. H. Upham of Martinez Is at the Lick.
Dr. S. B. Goddin of Gonzales is at the
Grand.
D. M. Newbo of Butte is at the Occi
dental.
Li. J. Killian from Boston is at the
Palace.
11. J. Reitingr of Chicago is at the Oc
cidental.
I. M. Meyers of New Yoik is at the
Baldwin.
R. D. Simpson of Los Angeles is at the
Baldwin.
H. A. Marckres of San Jose is at the i
Baldwin.
J. J. Hebbron, a banker of Salinas, Is at
the Grand.
Dr. F. S. S. Jerome of Los Angeles is at
the Grand.
George W. Young and wife are at the
Occidental.
Miss M. B. Kimball, from Boston. Is at
the Palace.
S. Williamson of Belfast, Ireland, is at
the Palace.
Charles B. Cox of Hartford, Conn., is at
the Palace.
Fred T. Butler of Toronto, Canada, is
at the Palace.
Mrs. E. A. Palmer and Miss Palmer are
at the Palace.
Captain H. G. Slckel, U. 8. A., of Fort
Grant, accompanied by his wife, is at the
California.
Dr. and Mrs. Angell of Palo Alto are at
the California.
Dr. Rattan and wife of Antioch are at
the California.
E. W. Stocking, an attorney from Mer
ced, is at the Lick.
Clarence F. ami S. Samuel of Portland
are at the Baldwin.
William N. Russ, a prominent cattle
man, is at the Lick.
W. A. Gett, an attorney from Sacra
mento, is at the Lack.
Apropos of po
ker stories the
following was
told yesterday in
the lobby of the
Palace by one of
the guests. It ia
at the expense of
ONE
WHITE
CHIP.
one of the traveling men of the Standard
Oil Company, who had a weakness for the
game. He landed one night in Denver
where he had an intimate friend. After
they had had supper together the travel
ing man. who was from the East, pro
posed that they should hunt up a *•»«•
"All right," replied his friend, 111 take
you down to Silver Dick's, but they play
for pretty high stakes there so you will
have to look out."
"Never mind that part of it,' said the
Easterner. "I have got quite a pile with
me." So the two went down to Silver
Dick's, where the man from Boston was
introduced to the proprietor, to whom he
intimated that he would like to get into
the game which was then going on.
"Certainly," said Silver Dick, without
even looking up from his hand. The East
erner then drew forth a crisp fifty-dollar
note and with much show dropped it
down upon the table, saying "Give me
that in chips." Silver Dick handed him
one white chip from the bank. "There
you are," he said, "it is good for just one
ante."
The Easterner looked stupidly about
him for a moment and then without tak
ing his seat at the table returned the chip
and said, "I guess I will cash in now."
F. A. "Winslow. an attorney from Chi»
eago, is at the Palace.
J. A. White and family, from Hope, N,
D., are at the California.
N. Abrams, a prominent merchant of
Hanford, is at the Baldwin.
J. J. Lonergan, a mining man from Los
Angeles, is at the Baldwin.
W. Forsythe, the big raisin packer of,
Fresno, is at the Occidental.
G. M. Francis, proprietor of the Napa
Register, is at the Occidental.
J. C. Wolfskin, a prominent ranch
owner of Suisun, Is at the Lick.
W. R. Carithers, a prominent merchant
from Santa Rosa, is at the Lick.
Railroad Commissioner H. M. La Rue
of Sacramento is at the Occidental.
W. D. Pennycook, the proprietor of ths
Vallejo Chronicle, is. at the Occidental.
Lewis A. Hicks, a prominent civil engi-.
neer of Bakersfield, is at the Occidental.
W. H. Gerard, the proprietor of the
Gerard House, New York, Is at the Cali
fornia.
Malcolm McKenzle. a prominent busi
ness man of New York, accompanied by
his wife, is at the Palace.
H. W. Baker, a prominent wholesale
merchant from Kansas City, accompanied
by his wife, is at the Palace.
William Wallace, president of the Oma
ha National Bank, and ex-Senator Man
derson of Nebraska are at the Palace.
Colonel Charles P. Egan of the United
States army, from Washington, D. C, ac
companied by his wife, is at tbe Palace.
J. Ij. de Bevoise, general agent of the
Rock Island Railroad at Portland, and
A. B. Cutts, general passenger agent of
the Minneapolis and St. Louis, are at the
Palace.
CALIFORNIANS IX NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, March B.— Bishop J. H.
Johnson of Los Angeles is at the Everttt
Hotel.
A choice present for Eastern friends,
Townsend's Cal. glace fruits, soc lb.in bkta
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mo^.
gomery street. Telephone Main IW2. 9t
COMPARATIVE SAFETY IN WAR
SHIPS.
Captain Mahan still believes that life
on the modern warship is as safe as it ia
on any other craft. Speaking on Wash
ington's birthday at Princeton, N. J., re
garding the Maine, he said: "I assure
you, speaking as a seaman and as a naval
officer, that I believe that no man crosses
the ocean in a passenger steamer without
undertaking in a week greater risk of
collision than any seaman on board a
ship of war does from explosion in the
course of a year." May all the other
seamen and naval officers think so, too.
since they must continue to live on mem
of-war.— Springfield Republican.
" Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething witlt
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
CORONA DO.— Atmosphere ia perfectly dry,
soft and mild, being entirely free from th«
mists common further north. Round trip
tickets, by steamship, including fifteen days*
board at the Hotel del Coronado, $«5: longer
stay, $2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery
street, San Francisco, or A. W. Bailey, man
ager. Hotel del Coronado. late ot Hotel Colo
rado, Glenwood Springs. Colorado.
S:leiefi.i»knkss. Indigestion and Pain are hot"
tors that Parker's QOMBBI Tonic will abate.
Pabkkb's ll air ''—"I aid* the hair growth.
REFLECTIONS OF A BACHELOR.
Every girl practices looking: embar-L
rassed so she can use It at the right tinn^y
on some man.
A woman always has as many excuses
for feeling blue as a. man has for smok
ing too much.
Love is like a corkscrew; you can't get
rid of it unless you twist it around the
wrong way.
Probably every woman won't be able to
help acting as if she was surprised to sea
a certain man in heaven.
Methuselah was probably able to live
everything down except the stories circu
lated by the woman who remembered him
when he was a boy.
Whenever a woman cooks up anything
extra. nice she always acts as if she ex
pected her husband to flap his elbows and
crow so all the neighbors could hear.
The girl who marries for anything but
love generally gets what she gets married
for.— New York Press.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE U. S. GOVERNMENT
REPORT SHOWS
Baking Powder
TO BE PURER AND
STRONGER THAN ANY
OTHERSLID CRABWISE
DOWN THE WAYS
Launch of a New Stern
wheel Steamer at the
Fulton Yards.
She Will Constitute Another
Addition to the Yukon
Fleet.
Tha Vessel Was So Anxious to
Reach the Water That She De
scended Prematurely.
It was rather a peculiar launch, be
cause the great flat-bottomed boat, in
stead of gliding gracefully stern first
into the water, as most vessels do,
vent down the ways sidelong, getting
into the bay very much after the
fashion of a crab. But this method of
launching, adapted merely as a mat
ter of convenience and to save valua
ble ground space, did not detract from
the success of the event at all. There
was bustle and activity at the Fulton
engineering yards yesterday morning
when the time of high water drew
nigh. The situation is somewhat ex
posed, looking right across the entrance
to the harbor, and the waves of the
bay were anxiously watched, to make
sure that the swell which broke on the
beach was not strong enough to injure
the newly built craft. The launch
should have taken place on Monday,
but the sea proved too boisterous. Yes
terday, however, the weather was more
favorable, and punctually at 11 the
lashing which secured the ways parted
with a snap, and the vessel glided
swiftly down the steep incline into the
water. In fact, so anxious was she
to reach her native element that she
somewhat anticipated the wishes of the
shipyard people, and went off while
men were still knocking away the
shores under her bottom. Fortunate
ly no one was injured, though it was
a near shave for the shipwrights.
There was no ceremony about the
launching. They did not even brenk
the traditional bottle of wine over her
bows. The Alaskan trade is tar too
prosaic and money making, and has no
time to waste upon such frivolities. A
tug, carrying the president of the
Alaska-Yukon Transportation Com
pany, for whom the steamer has been
built, and several of the Harbor Com
missioners, watched the proceedings
from the water. Ashore Captain Hat
field, the superintendent of construc
tion fur the company, looked after af
fairs.
Also there were a great many small
boats manned with a miscellaneous col
lection of wharf loungers. The pictur
esque side of the event had, however,
no charms for them; their task was
more prosaic. As soon as the vessel
reached the water, and the cradles
which had hitherto carried her were
released, there were fine pickings in the
way of firewood to be obtained. All
sorts of logs and wedges and shores
floated to the surface, and the boats
promptly secured the spoil. Many of
the cradles, however, did not float;
thfey were retained under the flat bot
tom of the vessel, and will probably
remain there until dragged out with a
rope.
As she dances lightly on the water
the James Eva resembles nothing more
closely than the traditional Noahs Ark
of our childhood's days. She has the
game flat bottom, the same spoon
shaped bows, and above all, the same
high superstructure in which Noah is
popularly supposed to have stabled his
menagerie. But, nevertheless, she Is
a fine, substantial river vessel, solidly
built out of Oregon pine, and capable
of carrying some five hundred passen
gers, besides a large quantity of cargo.
She is so shallow that, when launched.
6he did not draw more than a foot and
a half of water. When completed,
with all her machinery on board, her
draft will not exceed twenty-one inches
and thus she will be able to cross the
dangerous flats on the Yukon, which
have proved fatal to so many of the
river craft.
"She would have been still lighter."
remarked Captain Hat field, "If we could
have built her of steel. I calculate
that a steel vessel of the same dlmen*
Bions would have weighed at least a
hundred tons less and would hay
drawn six inches less water. This would
have enabled us to have carried more
heavy cargo and to navigate the
river with greater safety."
The new steamer is 168 feet long, 36
fpet wide and 7 feet deep. She will
have compound engines of 400 horse
power, and will cost somewhere in the
neighborhood of $35,000. A sister ship
Js to be commenced at once by the
Fulton Engineering Company, and as
Boon as navigation opens both vessels
will be placed on the Yukon.
The Eighth Symphony Concert.
The eighth concert of the San Francisco
Symphony Society will take place at the
Tlvoll Opera House Thursday afternoon,
March 10, at 3:15 o'clock. Henri Marteau,
the great French violinist, will be the
soloist. The following programme has
been prepared:
"Bine Faust Overture," Wagner; con
certo for violin G minor, P.ruch; sym
phony Op. 9, Herman Goetz; sonata for
violin alone. Bach; "Capriccio Italien,"
Tschaikowsky.
Owing to the length of the programme
the concert will commence promptly at
3:15 o'clock.
Failure to Provide.
Frank de Camp, an actor, was arrested
yesterday on a warrant charging him
with failure to provide. He was im
mediately released on his own recogniz
ance. His child has been kept by a
woman while he and his wife were on the
road ami there is $40 due her. As De
Camp wanted to take the child away,
although admitting that he could not pay
the $40 just at present, the warrant was
s w o rn out for his arrest.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR 1
SKIN-TORTURED
And rest for tired mothers in a warm bath
with Cutickka Soap, and a single application
of Cctici;ba (ointment), the great skin cure.
CDTicirHA Rkmkdies afford instant relief,
and point to a speedy cure of torturing, dis-
figuring, humiliating, itching, burning, bleed-
ing, crusted; scaly skin and scalp humors,
with loss of hair, when all else fails. • ' i |
Sold throu«honl the world, rorrnt Ditto •»»» Cum.
Coir., Sol* P/opt . Boiten.
£J* *• How to Cure BHa-Tortar«4 P.ablM, ' tret. . ■
Ot/IM CPAI D and H«Jr , "notified :by v
•bSVllt, OvMLr CLTICCKA soap.
HEAVY BONDS
FOR DUGGAN
The "General" Must Stand
Trial in the Superior
Court.
Little Alice Loy Tells the Story
of Her Inhuman Treat
ment.
Mrs. Clark's "Army" Rallies to the
Defense of a Man Charged Wt'h
a Heinous Offense.
"General" George Spurgeon Duggan
has been held for trial before the Su
perior Court by Pulice Judge Low,
with bonds fixed at $3000, on the charge
of brutally attacking Alice Loy, the
seven-year-old girl who was brought
to this city from Portland by Mrs. J.
A. Clark about two months ago.
Yesterday's proceedings in the Po
lice Co-urt gave an insight into the life
of the crowd of vagabonds who, under
the cloak of religion, prey upon the
charitable for a livelihood, their meth
ods casting reflection upon the Salva
tionists and Volunteers, and retarding
in a measure the good work in which
those organizations are engaged.
The charge against Duggan bids fair
to disrupt the half-dozen people who
call themselves God's Regular Army,
of which Mrs. Clark Is the head. It
was she who swore to the complain L
against Duggan, and yesterday she
was one of the chief witnesses for the
prosecution, though it must be ad
mitted that she was a reluctant wit
ness and appeared to be shielding the
defendant in every way possible. Dug
gan called upon nearly every member
of Mrs. Clark's forces to testify in his
behalf when given an opportunity to
present his case, in addition to taking
the stand himself, and it is doubtful
if Falstaff himself mustered a more
unkempt crowd than that which rallied
to the defense of the man on trial for
the most heinous offense known. It
was noticeable that the "General" was
not supported by any of his own fol
lowers; not a member of "Jesu3
Christ's Army" was placed upon the
witness stand. But it is possible that
Duggan himself constituted the rank
and file of his forces.
Alice Loy, a pretty tot with a wealth
of soft, flaxen hair falling about her
delicate features, was brought down
from Sacramento, where she is being
cared for, and told the story of her in
human treatment with a childish sim
plicity and straightforwardness that
carried conviction of its truth. Dr. C.
D. McGettigan, medical superintendent
of the Sisters' Hospital, where Alice
has found shelter and friends, came
down with the child and gave expert
testimony as to the brutality of her ill
treatment. Mrs. Clark and Secretary
Frank Kane of the Society for'the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Children also tes
tified for the prosecution.
The first witness for the defense was
Jessie Smith, a twelve-year-old girl,
who was at the headquarters of Jesus
Christ's Army with Alice Loy at the
time of the alleged assault. When the
complaint was sworn out this girl
made a statement to Prosecuting At
torney Reynolds, fully corroborating
Alice's story, but since then she has
modified her story to such an extent
that the prosecution did not see fit to
place her on the stand. However,
when it came Reynolds' turn to cross
examine her he brought out considera
ble that was damaging to Duggan.
Judge Low asked her if anybody had
talked to her about the case, and she
admitted that her father and mother
had, but afterward said they had told
her to state the truth.
Mrs. Flora Smith and Jacob Smith,
the mother and father of the girl, were
i also called on behalf of Duggan, both
seeming to be anxious to shield him
as much as possible. They are both
members of Mrs. Clark's army, and
came from Portland with her. J. W.
Pray and J. W. Dobbin, two more of
God's Regular Army, testified for the
defense, and then the Judge put a
str.p to the flow of eloquence that Dug
gan's attorney was about to uncork by
holding Duggan in $3000 bail.
POLICE AND FIRE
MANAGEMENT
Ireeholders Decide on a Joint Sys
tem of Protection for the
City. t .
But little work was transacted last
night at the meeting of the Freeholders.
The greater part of the session was de
voted to the discussion of the department
of electricity. It was decided to place the
department in charge of the construction
and maintenance of the fire alarm and
police, telegraph and telephone systems,
under the control of a Joint commission
composed of the Board of Fire Commis
sioners and Board of Police Commission
ers. The Joint commissions shall appoint
a practical and skilled electrician to have
general supervision of the department
and the commission shall have power to
appoint such assistants as may be neces
sary to keep the system in working order.
Any citizen, firm or corporation may, for
the purpose of police or fire protection, be
connected with the system, but not on the
main line, on the payment of such
charges as may be fixed by the Super
visors.
The convention then adjourned to meet
to-morrow night after amending the pro
visions of the police pension relief fund
so that they will be in consonance with
the provisions of the fire department re
lief fund.
It being the Intention of J. F. Kennedy, suc
cessor to Murrls & Kennedy, art dealers, 21
Post street, to retire from business, he offers
his large stock irrespective of cost. *
The Bound of a bell which can be
heard 45,000 feet through the water can
be hear,d through the air only 456 feet.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 9, 1898.
LITTLE EVA IS A DRUNKARD.
Infant Daughter of the Farzolos of the Latin
Quarter Attends a Kindergarten in an
Intoxicated Condition.
Little Eva Farzolo. a child 3 years of age. living in the Latin Quarter of
the city, is a confirmed drunkard who has learned to cultivate a taste for
liquor under the careful tuition of her parents. Her little body is literally
saturated with the liquor which
big door, where she would immediately fall asleep.
Her condition began to go from bad to worse, until one day in the
early part of last week Miss Walnwright decided to take action against the
parents and compel them to either discontinue giving the child wine or give
her over entirely into the care of some public institution, as she had en
tered the school that morning in a thoroughly hopeless state of drunken
ness. When she came into the building she was unable to stand, and stag
gered into the class room among her little classmates and fell in a pitiable
heap in one corner. She was lifted from the floor by one of the teachers
and taken from tfie room to the assembly hall, where she was placed upon
a couch to sleep off the effects of the liquor.
Miss Walnwright made a thorough investigation of the child's condi
tion, her home surroundings and the character of her parents, and ascer
tained that although they were respectable, hard-working people, they were
entirely neglecting the proper bringing up of the child, and warned them
that unless they discontinued giving it wine and unless liquor of every kind
was withheld from her, she would place Eva in one of the public institu
tions. This threat had the effect of frightening the Farzolos, as Eva has
not been in an intoxicated condition since the investigation was made.
Her parents are Italians, entirely unacquainted with the Enclish lan
guage, and don't seem to see the significance of denying the child the use of
FITCH AGAINST
THE SUPERVISORS
The Board's Appeal Argued
Before the Supreme Court
in Bank.
Reasons Given Why th« Officials
Should and Should Not Bo
"Fired."
The case of George K. Fitch against the
Board of Supervisors was heard by the
Justices of the Supreme Court sitting in
bank yesterday. The matter came up on
arguments on the appeal by the board
from the decree of Superior Judge Wal
lace, which was that the Supervisors be
removed from office for not fixing the
water rates in February, 1597. The court
room was filled with law books and legal
talent.
E. S. Pillsbury and Garret McEnerney
represented the Board of Supervisors,
Frank McGowan and Stephen Costello
were there in the interests of Supervisors
Lackman and Rottanzi, and P. G. Galpln,
W. T. Baggett and G. W. Schell repre
sented George K. Fitch, the plaintiff.
Some of the Prominent Figures at Duggan's Examination.
The argument was opened by Mr. Pills
bury, who contended that If the malfeas
ance described is to be followed by re
moval from office it is under a general
definition of the code a crime, and a con
viction should be by ordinary methods
prescribed for the prosecution of public
offenses. The attorney further contended
that the statutes requiring the water
rates to be fixed at a certain time, with
removal as the penalty, do not conform to
constitutional requirements. Unforeseen
things might arise that would make com
pliance impossible, and the law does not
require impossibilities. Another point of
attack was that the law itself is defective,
inasmuch as it provides for the removal
of Boards of Supervisors Instead of the
individual members of the board. The in
tent was the removal of the officers, not
the board. Before taking his seat the at
torney raised the point that Mr. Fitch
was not an interested rate-payer. While
the plaintiff's testimony showed that he
used water, it did not show that Mr. Fitch
paid for it.
Justice McFarland threw out the sug
gestion that rates cut no figure in the
controversy. The statute directed that
the board fix the rates in a stated month
and if the statute be constitutional and
the rates not fixed on time removal must
ensue.
Frank McGowan argued hat his clients,
Rottanzi and Lackman, had done all in
their power to have the rates fixed ac
cording to law and that they had been
held guiltless by Judge Wallace, although
the order of removal applied to them as
well as to those really to blame. He
dwelt upon the injustice these two suf
her parents have allowed her to
use as freely as water, and her
mind, unless a check is put to the
vicious habit, ■will become ruined
and leave the child an absolute
Idiot.
The first indication of her true
condition was noticed by Miss Eliz
abeth Wainwright, the principal of
the Silver Star Free Kindergarten,
where Eva attended.
Although the child was naturally
inclined to be good-natured, it was
found that at certain times she
was crabbed and nervous, display
ing an utter lack of interest in the
games and exercises which chil
dren as a rule enjoy and which
make the kindergarten an attrac
tion to them. Her mind, it was no
ticed, was totally unable to grasp
the ideas which suggested them
selves by the figures on the exer
cise cards, as she seemed to be al
ways in a semi-conscious condition.
At every opportunity she would
wander away alone into the hall
way of the building, to seek a se
cluded nook in the shadow of the
fered for the short-comings of the ma
jority.
Mr. Galpin spoke for Mr. Fitch and i
traced the history of legislation provid
ing for removal from office and he de
clared that until recently such a pro
cedure was considered a civil action.
Criminal proceedings are conducted in the j
name of the people and with the District |
Attorney as prosecutor. This was not re- j
garded as a criminal action. The attorney
contend' d that malfeasance is not the i
act of any one individual, but of the
board as a whole. This statute deprives
the accused of a trial by jury, which it
could n"t do if it was a criminal proceed
ing. In conclusion he said that there
were two ways uf reaching the board, by"
civil and criminal proceedings, and the
former was chosen as being the most
likely to give speedy results. Removal,
he asserted, was not a penalty, -but a
condition fastened to the law if the re
quirements were not fulfilled.
After further general discussion, in
which the Justices took a part, the matter I
was submitted. Judging from the present I
over-crowded condition of the calendar of !
the Supreme Court the Supervisors' terms j
of office will have expired before a de- !
cision is reached.
WITH AND AGAINST WIND.
Fly-Casters Practicing for the Open
to-AU Tournament in Sep
tember.
The San Francisco Fly-casting Club met j
last evening in the new quarters of
the Fish Commission, which Is room 2 on |
the seventh floor of the Mills building, i
In future the club will hold all its meet- j
ings in the assembly room, second floor*
of the building. The next gathering of
the fly-casters will be on Tuesday even- i
ing, the 22d inst. Considerable discussion I
was had relative to the change of posi
tions of the buoys and lines for long-dis
tance casting. Some members were of '
the opinion that the buoys should be j
placed so that every member of th« club '
could reap a benefit. Then there were i
others who thought that by casting from I
platforms, where the back cast would not
be interfered with by brush or land con- i
siderable benefit would result to all con
cerned in long-distan.o casting. On mo- I
tlon of President Mansfield, the club de- !
cided to place <-c buoya in such a posi
tion that in future there will not be an
opening left for argument
On Saturday, the 19th Inst the first nf
the bait-casting contests will be held at i
Siowe Lake, and doubtless n.e new v£t i
cumbersome style of casting will iffnr,! i
considerable pleasure, it being an in nova!
The executive committee decided, after!
the meeting had adjourned that in
future the results of Che contests and the l
order in which the events will take place
shall be written on blackboards placed
within full view of the contestants and
spectators.
The executive committee will also re
port at a meeting which will oe held in
the assembly-room on April 5 what plan
it will have formulated relative to Im
parting information to Kastern fly-casters
concerning the prizes, rules, etc of the
open-to-all tournament which will be held
next September on Stowe Lake under
the auspices of the San Francisco Flv
casting Club.
The gentlemen elected to membership
last evening were: Joseph P. Kelly. R. I.
Davis and P. C. Zimmerman.
Dr. Cachot has removed from 207 Taylor to
10 Turk street. Telephone Mint H36. •
Ordered Into Custody.
It was reported to Judge Conlan yes
terday morning that Mabel Keating, who
was shot by Jerry Sullivan, the City Hall
janitor, Sunday evening, was in a very
low condition and the Judge at once
issued a bench warrant for Sullivan's ar
rest. He was out on $1000 bonds. He was
arrested and will be kept in prison till
the result of Mabel s wounds are ac
curately known.
Buying Stolen Timber.
Suit was commenced yesterday in the
United States Circuit Court by the Gov
ernment against John F. Bedford of
Shasta County to recover $3000, the al
leged value of timber unlawfully cut from
Government land.
INDIAN MOTHER
MAY BE ALIVE
Her Children Were Ac
knowledged by Julius
L. Franklin.
Attorneys Are Preparing for
the Legal Combat to
Follow.
The Small Estate Explained by
Conveyances in His Life
time.
The two sensational petitions which
are the forerunners of a will contest
against the estate of Julius L. Frank
lin were filed yesterday morning in the
County Clerk's office; and concealed in
their legal verbiage is a story, the main
facts of which were told in yesterday's
Call. The allegations of fraudulent j
conveyances during the lifetime of the
deceased are emphasized by the attor
neys who will conduct the opposition to
the will, and they also asseverate that
they have an abundance of proof to
justify the action taken by their
clients.
The Indian woman — a genuine Chi
nook with the blood of a line of chief
tains in her veins — was supposed to
have disappeared from the sight of the |
world when Franklin changed his ad
venturous career as fur trader in the
wilds to that of business man in civil
ized Portland. The children by that
union accompanied him to that city, but
nothing is known positively about the
wife during Franklin's residence there.
But that she was alive at the time is
a fact that certain men who knew
Franklin persist in declaring. There i
are men in this town who say that the
dusky native-born daughter of the
heather was alive four years ago and
that there is every reason to believe she
still draws the air of this terrestrial j
sphere. That she was as a Nemesis to
Franklin in hia lifetime is assured, for
he never mentioned her name, and the
subject was at all times painful to him.
Those with whom Franklin was en
gaged in business say that he never
spoke of his former red-skinned com
panion. They knew that the report
was current that he had children
whose blood was not pure. In his will
he distinctly declares Benjamin, Mol
lie and Lena Franklin to be his own
children, and to each he leaves a spe
cific legacy, small in amount in com
parison to his reputed wealth. But to
the children of his second union he be
queaths nothing, trusting to his wife
to attend to their wants. The attor
neys of the children of the dead capi
talist and the dusky princess are of
opinion that in his lifetime suitable
provision was made for the offspring of
his present widow with a view to pre
vent all possibility of a successful con
| test of his will.
The lawyers are beginning to pre
pare for the fray. Coogan and Kahn,
attorneys for Mrs. Pauline Franklin,
say that they will protect the interests
of their client, and if a contest of tho
■will Is necessary it will be fought to
the bitter end. They declare that the
will is valid and it will stick like muci
lage. With scorn they laugh at the
idea of fraudulent conveyances with
the purpose to defraud natural children
of their interests. Julius Kahn said
yesterday: "Mr. Franklin's wealth was
much overrated. In his lifetime, seve
ral years before his marriage, he gave
to his wife presents of property, both
personal and real, but that he did this
with intent to injure others is ab
surd. Of course, he recognized these
other children as his own, for he men
tions them in his will."
But there are some who think other
wise. John F. Riley, attorney for Ben.
jamln J. Franklin, the first born and
issue of the deceased, tells another
He said: 'That the -inventory shows
an estate of a few thousand dollars in
value is nothing. We intend to prove
that Franklin was devoted to his chil
dren during the early part of his mar
riage with Mrs. Pauline Franklin and
that gradually his affection for them
was alienated. We have evidence that
real property worth $60,000 was con
veyed by Franklin in his last year of
life, and that this was done to exclude
his 'first children from inheriting any
portion of his estate. Also that large
blocks of bonds, shares of stocks and
personal property were converted with
j the same Intent. Nothing in the in
ventory shows an accounting of
Franklin's interest in the firm of Metz
ger & Franklin, lottery dealers."
Felix H. Merzbach, also an attorney
I for the children of the early union, is
equally asseverative of the rights and
justice of his clients' cause. "We in
tend to frame a bill in equity to set
aside every conveyance which was an
act of fraud against these children.
We will show that the history of their
childhood was full of malice and op
pression, and they were deprived of
their paternal estate without justice or
show of right."
The merry dance goes on, and now
the dramatis personae are the lawyers,
an Indian mother, a widow and a half
dozen children.
COMMERCE WITH CHINA.
Business Men Will Ask to Hive
America's Rights Preserved.
The subject of the commerce between
this country and China was under dis
cussion at the meeting of the Chamber of
Commerce yesterday. It was brought up
by a communication from the Chamber
of Commerce of New York. This sub
ject has caused all or the commercial
bodies of the United States not a little
ADVERTISEMENTS.
What is Scott's Emul-
sion ?
It is the best cod-liver oil,
partly digested, and com-
bined with the hypophos-
phites and glycerine. What
will it do ? It will make
the poor blood of the anemic
rich and red.
It will give nervous energy
to the overworked brain and
nerves. It will add flesh to
the thin form of a child,
wasted from fat-starvation.
It is everywhere acknowl-
edged as The Standard of
the World.
ysc. md {too, all druggists.
SCOTT * DOWNE, Chemist*, New York.
thought. The manner in which the pow
| ers of Europe have swooped down upon
China and seized her ports has led the
American merchants to believe that their
former relations with China znight be
sadly impaired if some action was not
taken by the heads of this Government.
The New York Chamber lias sent to all
commercial bodies letters asking co-op
eration in calling 1 the attention of the
President to the situation. The local
chamber decided to help in tlft> movement
by sending a memorial to the President
requesting 1 him to take such steps as will
maintain and promote by treaties and
other means concessions for as full com
mercial rights as are conceded to any
other nation. '
The chamber decided to allow the
Brotherhood of St. Andrew the use of
the large meeting room during the week
beginning March 28 in which to hold re
ligious services. These meetings will be
held for the same purposes as last year—
to give the business men downtown the
opportunity of breaking away from their
business worries and cares for the noon
hour and listen to religious discourses.
The firm of Charles J. Hendy's Sons &
Co. was admitted to membership in the
chamber.
. ■» » —
COMPLAINED OF BY MANY.
The State Labor Commissioner Will
Investigate the Clerks'
Exchange.
A local private institution, variously
known as the Shepard Publishing Com
pany, the Manufacturers' Register, Reg
istration and Employment Office, anrt
Clerks' Exchange, has become mixed up
with one of the State officers, because of
the many complaints made that all the
business is not conducted as it should be.
It Is the Clerks' Exchange department
that seems to be in the most trouble, and
to-day the Labor Commissioner will
make' an official investigation to see if
any of the laws relating to labor have
been violated. There are two offices for
the Clerks' Exchange, one at 313 Bush
street, and the other at 1039 Market. For
many days there have been complaints
made to the Labor Commissioner that the
managers of the business have been tak
ing money from their victims on the
promise of getting them employment.
One of the latest complainants was a
man to whom fate has been very unkind.
He said that a few days ago he paid the
managers his last $2, they promising to
provide him with work by the Ist of
March. In order to bridge over the inter
val he sold his furniture at a great sacri
fice and waited for the job which never
came. When he asked the managers to
make good their word he was told that
they had no place for him. The man.
who has a family, is really destitute and
his lot is similar to many other cases re
ported to the commissioner. Yesterday
the latter decided that it was time for
him to act and he summoned W. H. Shep
srd and Isaac Sheely, the managers, to
appear before him and show if they are
transacting a legitimate business. If not
they will be prosecuted. These men will
have to produce their books for inspec
tion.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOOD
HEALTH
|BTHE WORKING CAPITAL OF HUMANITY
■*• He who loses taat is wrecked Indeed. Is your
health falling you? Your strength, ambition,
vigor, vitality wasting away ?
fg A \
DOCTOR SWEANY
737 MARKET STREET
San Francisco, Cal.
For the speedy, safe and permanent cure of all
NERVOUS, CHRONIC andSPECIAL
Diseases of Men and Women.
Vflllllf* lI CM I'linaiural drains caused
lUUnil In CI1 1 through errors of youth
or excesses, quickly and permanently stopped.
i He restores lost vigor and vitality to
UfCIV yCll Organs of the body whirh
fVCIIIV Inklll hare been weakened
! through disease-, overwork, excesses or indiscre-
| tions are restored to full power, strength and vigor
' through his new and original system of treatment
DIIDTIIDC curc(t by hl ' s new method,
nUI I UnC without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and permanent cure.
VlDlflflnEl C hydrocele, swelling and
f AlllllUUkLCl tenderness of the glands
treated with unfailing success.
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON
1 In «ny of Its stages thoroughly eradicated from
I the system.
I Aft ICC will rec *' ve special attention for all
LfIUICaO their many ailments.
CONSULTATION FREE S«f,~
WRITE if you cannot call. A valuable book
"Guide to Health," free. F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
787 Market St, op. Grant Ay., San Francisco, Cal.
DYEA and
SKAGUAY
DIRECT.
Alaska-Yukon Transportation Co.'s
Steamer "DIRIGO"
Will receive freight at 10 A. M. MONDAY,
March 7, at Mission No. 1. ' 5...\
For freight . and passage apply to No. 3
Steuart street.
. — — .
§ visit DR. JORDAN'S °™'
tfSa Museum of Anatomy
I pdnfl I CSI M ASSET ST. bet. 6th 4 7th, S.t.QIL
m a ■ The largest of in kind in th» World.
I^W?\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
. \ Coniultatloo free. Write for B»ok .
Philosophy of Marriage.
O U „ ''■:: . MAItCO FHCC.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. ',IHB
pre:it Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to the sexual organs.
'. AMUSEMENTS.
or^r^iDifoßiuM.
-' SATURDAY- AFTERNOON,' March 12. '■
FIRST VIOI-iIlSr
RECITAL.
MARTEAUI
Assisted by
L./\GH/\U;VVE!
Reserved Seats. $1 50, at the " San Francisco
Music Store, 225 Sutter st. ;
MOTHERS TAKE full nnru TAKE : TOUR
■? TODH Ul I LllKCll MOTHERS :
To See the Finest i Collection of
•••rWIILiTj ANIM AJLtS :•••
'•' r ~ : Ever -Shewn 1 in This Country, at th« •
.•.X00,..
IN THE CHUTES.
ALSO CHIQUITA AND A 810 SHOW.
"Feeding of the Carnivora"'at 6 and 10:30 p. ra.
Open Dally from 10 a. m. to 11 p. m.
10c to All, Including Zoo, etc.; Children,- sc. :
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DANGER IN SODA.
Serious Results Sometimes Follow It»
Excessive Use.
Corrtmon soda is all right in its place
and indispensable in the kitchen and
for cooking and washing purposes, but
it was never intended for a medicine,
and people who use it as such will some
day regret it.
We refer to the common use of soda
to relieve heartburn or sour stomach, a
habit which thousands of people prac-
tice almost daily, and one which is
fraught with danger. Moreover, the
soda only gives temporary relief, and
in the end the stomach trouble gets
worse and worse.
The soda acts as a mechanical irri-
tant to the walls of the stomach and
bowels, and cases are on record where
it accumulated in the intestines, caus-
ing death by inflammation or periton-
itis.
Dr. Harlandson recommends as the
safest and surest cure for sour stomach
(acid dyspepsia) an excellent prepara-
tion sold by druggists under the name
of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. These
tablets are large 20-gram lozenges,
very pleasant to taste, and contain the
natural acids, peptones and digestive
elements, essential to good digestion,
and when taken after meals they digest
the food perfectly and promptly before
it has time to ferment, sour and poison
the blood and nervous system.
Dr. "Wuerth states that he invariably
uses Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets in all
cases of stomach derangements, and
finds them a certain cure not only tot
sour stomach, but Ly promptly digest-
ing the food they create a healthy ap-
petite, increase flesh and strengthen
the action of tho heart and liver. They
are not a cathartic, but intended only
for stomach diseases and weakness, and
will be found reliable in any stomach
trouble except cancer of the stomach.
All druggists sell Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets at 50 cents per package.
A little book describing all forms of
stomach weakness and their cure
mailed free by addressing the Stuart
Co. of Marshall, Mich.
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
Last Week— Famous Original
\ *-^t» BOSTONIANS «ff*^-
To-Ni£ht— THE SERENADE
Remainder of Week— "ROBIN HOOD."
NEXT WEEK— SEATS READY THURSDAY.
"MYSTERIOUS MR. BUGLE"
A legitimate farce in three acts. JOSEPH
HOLLAND and an efficient cast. '
*&o£um#ia cJfiZatrc
VPRIEDIANDER GOTTtOß&Cfuisil* »"»»«••»
TWO WEEKS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
A REAL HOT TIME. .
PRIMROSE & WEST'S
BIG
MINSTRELS.
GEORGE PRIMROSE, AMERICA'S GREAT-
EST MINSTREL: GEORGE WILSON.
PRINCE OF COMEDIANS; E. M. HALL, FA-
MOUS BANJOIST. AND 40 OTHERS.
SEATS NOW READY FOR NEXT WEEK.
Coming— "l 492."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mus. Ekxkstixk Krelixg. Proprietor & Managa?
THIS EVENING
The Brilliant Japanese Musical Comedy,
"THE GEISHA!"
>{ x i' A Story of a Teahouse.
The Prettiest Production jof the ; Year.
, TO-MORROW EVENING
Debut of the Beautiful Young Artiste,
MISS HELEN MERRILL
In the Title Role.
On account of unsatisfactory telephone serv-
ice no orders for seats will be received here-
after. Popular Prices 25c and 500
Matinee To-day, Wednesday, March 9.
Parquet, any seat, fee; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
Jose Quintet, greatest vaudeville singing act;
Josephine Sabel, vivacious chanteuse, and the
Human Music Sheet— fifty colored vocalists;
Rudinoff, fantastic delineator; Webb & Hassan,
hand acrobats; Smith & Cook, dancing come-
dians- Smart & Williams, colored comedians;
Whitney Brothers, musical artists; The I>oners,
eccentric sketch team; Lina Pantzer, danseusa
fit de fer.  m
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
EJXTRA !
SAN FRANCISCO SYMPHONY SOCIETY.
FRITZ SCHEEL, Musical Director.
'.."i ',- EIGHTH CONCERT.
TO-MORROW (THUKSUAY) AiTSKNOON, AT 3:15.
HENRI MARTEAU, the Great French Vlo-
1 GOETZ'S SYMPHONY, "Tsehalkcwßky's
Italian Caprice."
PRICES. Including Reserved Seat. $1 50, $1
and 75c. Sale of Seats at Tivoli Opera House. j
ALCAZAR. X
PI BIG HIT !
Such Is the Verdict of the Vast Audienca
That Witnessed
N. C. GOODWIN'S High Class Comedy
"A GILDED FOOL!"
Every night this week. Matinee : Saturday.
. Prices— lsc, 25c, 35c. 60c. ■
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Mcrosco Sole Lessee and Manager
First Production of H. Grattan Donnelly's New
Melodrama,
"THE WOMAN IN BLACK!"
The Most Exciting Comedy Sensation, of the
Day. .
Illustrating the power of hypnotism and th«
exciting incidents of a hot political campaign. ;
Evening prices, 10c, 25c, 60c. Matinees Satur-
day and ' Sunday. . ! ' '
GRAND PRIZE
MASQUERADE BALL
—OF THE—
VEREIN EINTRACHT,
Mechanics' Pavilion,
SATURDAY - - - MARCH 12, 1893
ADMISSION, $1.
Grand March Represents the California and
Klondike Gold Mines. .
The Opening Performance, Consisting of
Building Pyramids by Acrobats, and Ballet
Girls' Fancy March, with Flags Swinging.
Reserved Seats 60c extra at WILLIAM
SCHEPPLER'S, 1071 Market St.
RACING! RACING] RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB— -
Winter Meeting, 1837-98. Beginning MONDAY,
'. March 7, to March 19, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY. WEDNESDAY, "
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
i , FIVE OR. MORE RACES : EACH DAY. .'
; • — — RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP
: • Ferry boats < leave San ■ Francisco at 12 im.
and 12:30, 1:00, : 1:30. 2:00, 2:30 and 3 ; "p. m.,
connecting with train stopping at the entrant 1 * .
to track. Buy your ferry ■ tickets, to j Shell
Mound. Returning— Trains < leave the track •at
4:15 and 4:45 p.. m., and Immediately after th«
last race. THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. Pres.
' Xi: B. MILROY, Secretary.
HI YMPIi i Corner of Mrson and .
;;; UL,I mt? 1 A— j; Eddy Strwtj., .
-America's most beautiful music hall. Great-
est free bill 'In - the ' world.' - DRAWEE, world ~
famous jupgler:MULLIN ■■'& WARD, novelty
boxing: s S'I'AHKEY ' & RATKBUN: SIMON- -
SEN, INEZ, ARNELDO, ANTONETTE, and
ten : others. • House Heated- Admission , Fit*. y-
78
TROOPS TO
SERVE IN
THE HARBOR
Enough Trained Artil
lerymen to Care for
the Guns.
In Event of War Volun
teers Would Be En
rolled.
Eight or Ten Thousand Men
Would Be Needed in the
Fortifications Here.
RECRUITS FOR ARTILLERY.
Union Iron Works Not Advised That
Japan Is Willing to Sell Cruisers
to Uncle Sam.
"We have a regular force of trained
artillerymen on this coast sufficient to
maintain and keep in good order the
guns now in position," said General
Shafter, commanding the department
of California, yesterday. He explained
that there # were not troops enough to
man the guns in the event of war, as
eight or ten thousand men would be re
quired for that purpose, but the force
now available was large enough to keep
everything in good shape for active
service.
"I presume volunteers would be en
rolled in case of war," remarked the
general, "and we should soon get all
the men required for manning the for
tifications. No. it would not be neces-
eary for the First United States In
fantry to perform the duties of an artil
lery regiment.
"The two regiments of artillery will
be stationed on the Atlantic coast,
where their services will most likely be
required. The cost of transportation
across the continent precludes the en
listment here of men for the new or
ganizations."
General Shafter arrived in the city
from the south early in the forenoon
and paid a visit to the fortifications.
He remarked that he found everything
In first-class order as usuai.
Speaking of ammunition, in response
to some inquiries on that subject, the
general said the guns of the harbor
were well supplied. He did not know
anything about the quantity of reserve
ammunition at Benicia arsenal, but
knew that the batteries at Fort Point
and Lime Point were supplied for im
mediate requirement.
General Shafter is here to remain,
and will no doubt keep a watchful eye
on the work of strengthening the de
fenses of San Francisco. It is ascer
tained that one of the two ten-inch
rifles recently received from the East is
already mounted at Fort Point, and
the work of mounting the other is
going ahead rapidly.
No sooner had the bill to increase the
army by two regiments of artillery
passed the Hmise than the wires were
kept hot with telegraphic instructions
to officers in charge of the sixteen gen
eral recruiting stations, and the re
cruiting officers at each military post,
to enlist men for the new Sixth and
Seventh regiments of artillery. The
sixteen general recruiting stations are
located at Albany, N. V.; Boston,
Mass.; Chicago, 111.; Cincinnati, Ohio;
Cleveland, Ohio; Indianapolis, Ind. ;
Louisville, Ky. ; Milwaukee, Wis. ;
Nashville, Term.; New York city;
Philadelphia; Pittsburg. Pa.; Portland,
Or.; Richmond, Va. ; Seattle, Wash.,
and St. Louis, Mo. San Francisco was
formerly a general recruiting station,
but it was abolished a year or so ago,
since which time an officer at the
Presidio has been detailed at that
place as recruiting officer. At the pres
ent time First Lieutenant Geo-rge A.
Detchmendy, Company F, First Infan
try, is the recruiting officer.
The recruit rendezvous are at Fort
Slocum, N. V. ; Columbus Barracks,
Ohio; Fort Sheridan, 111., and Jefferson
Barracks, Mo.
Details for officers of the general re
cruiting service are ordinarily made
for two years. The recruits of each
rendezvous are instructed by officers
and non-commissioned officers of the
garrison. The applicant must be a cit
izen of the United States or have de
clared his intention, unmarried, able to
read and write the English language,
able-bodied, free from disease, of good
character and temperate habits, and
be between the ages of 21 and 30. Re
cruiting officers are held to a rigid ac
countability for the enlistment of men
who may be found unfit for the ser
vice. During the last two or three
years recruiting stations have been
obliged to reject the applications of
more than 1000 eligible men per month,
and there will be no difficulty in read
ily procuring a full complement of men
for the new Sixth and Seventh regi
ments of artillery. The recruits will
be sent to the headquarters of the new
regiments at Fort Slocum, N. V., and
Fort Monroe, Va.
The report emanating from "Washing
ton, D. C, that the United States had
secured an option to buy the Japanese
cruisers now in course of construction
In this country is not verified.
Irving M. Scott, president of the
Union Iron Works and the builder of
the Imperial Japanese cruiser Chitose,
asserted yesterday that, so far as his
knowledge extended, the United States
had secured no option from Japan for
the purchase of the cruiser. He said:
"In my Judgment, there is no truth in
the story. Although negotiations for
such purpose would be conducted
through the Japanese legation in
Washington, I am confident that I
would be advised of the transaction
If it were pending. I have not heard
directly that any such negotiation was
In contemplation. To my mind, the
whole story lacks the element of proba
bility. The cruiser will probably be
ready for delivery to the Japanese
Government the latter part of this year!
Of course, the construction could bo
hastened, as the Chitose is not an arm
ored battle-ship, and no delay in build
ing need follow a short supply of
armor-plate.
"I understand," continued Mr. Scott,
"that our Government has not pur
chased a pound of armor-plate for the
battle-ships Illinois, Kentucky and
Kearsarge. While the price — $400 a
ton — has seemed high to the United
States, Russia has contracted to pay
Carnegie $600 a ton for a large quan
tity of armor-plate.
"We have received no orders at the
Union Iron Works to hasten the con
struction on the battle-ship Wisconsin.
Every week the naval constructors re
port to the department the progress
of work on the ship."
THIS MAN LANDS
A POWERFUL BLOW
Tom Sharkeu, the Muscular Sailor, Is in
Fine Condition for His Engage
ment With Joe Chopski,
RjOariT HAND BODY PUNCri^
Left Swing, for jaw
AND stop by6teuner
*- Right Ha.no CROSt»-
Right Hand Swing
AT JAW
Left HOOK for. BODr
l a.ndingon &OLARPLEXU6
RIGHT HAND UPPER CUT
MERCHANTS' ATHLETIC CLUB.
Opened With a Clever Exhibition of
Boxing.
The Merchants' Athletic Club, which
has been organized only a short time,
held an opening in the club rooms at 325
Davis street last evening, and entertained
a number of its friends from the other
clubs of the city. '
The -programme consisted of a number
of three-round bouts between well-known
men and songs and buck dancing by the
"Little Cyclone" were given during the
intervals between the contests. The box
ing exhibitions were: - Steve Vicini vs.
Jack McMann of the Merchants'. Club,
Jack Dirks ' vs. Jim McCarthy of the S.
F. A. C, Savage vs. Quinn of the S. P. A.
C. and "Young Sharkuy" vs. Jack Mc-
Mann.- R. B. Cornell of the. Western Ad
dition Athletic Club and ;J. J. Pastene,"
the president of the. Merchants' Club,
gave clever exhibitions of bag-punching.
•+ ■- . . ■ ■ ■' ' ■»■'"'' -
Rheumatism, kidney A- liver diseases cured. . Dr.
Gordln I sSanltarlum.M4Pine.nr.Kearny,S.F.,C«l.
-•....- . .'. ■ ♦ « -— T-J&
Phelan Democrats.
The Phelan Democratic Club of the
Thirtieth Assembly District met in the
parlors of the Winchester House, corner
of Mission and Sixth streets, last evening,
with Captain James W. Collins in the
chair.
It was announced that the meeting was
called for a certain purpose, and that no
THE SAX FEAKCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, MAUCH 9, 1898.
TOM SHARKET is In the pink of
condition, and according to his
own words he has never felt bet
ter in his life,
Sharkey is matched to fight Joe
Choynski twenty rounds on Friday
evening at Woodwards Pavilion. The
Irishman stands 5 feet 8% inches, and
weighs 178 pounds. On Thursday even
ing a referee will be selected by the
contestants, and should they fail to
agree upon any of the men mentioned
during the conference, the National
Club will select some man from among
the ones who have already acted in
the capacity of referee of glove con
tests in this city.
Yesterday afternoon the sporting edi
tions of the three morning papers, by
kind invitation from the National Club,
enjoyed a very pleasant ride to and
from Sharkey's training quarters,
which are situated on the ocean beach
and known as Haggerty's sporting ren
dezvous. The muscular and all-pow
erful athlete, who is to hold a fistic
interview with the clever and agile
Choynski, was on hand when a spank
ing team, which was in charge of
"Curly Bill," the celebrated whip in
the good old days of Virginia City, had
arrived.
"How are you, Tom?" was the first
question asked of the man who has
already had a tilt with Corbett, Choyn
ski, Maher, Fitzsimmons and others of
less fistic fame.
Sharkey with a face illuminated in
smiles shook hands with the visitors
and in a very modest way remarked:
"Well, boys, I never felt finer in my
life, and if I am not greatly mistaken
I'll make short work of my man this
trip. There will be no more room left
this time for an argument about foul
fighting, as I will make a clean Job
of it."
Fifteen minutes after the arrival of
the reporters Sharkey appeared, dressed
in his best of fighting clothes and ready
to pose before the camera artists and
be shot in accordance with instructions.
He looked a perfect Hercules when the
huge bathrobe which covered his an
atomy was cast aside by his trainer,
Tim McGrath.
"Oh, I wish the contest was to take
place right now." remarked Sharkey,
as he shot out his powerful right fist
at an imaginary object, and the whirr
of the glove as it cleaved through the
smoky atmosphere temporarily drowned
the muffled sound of the ocean break
ers.
"Great Scot! what a terrific blow that
powerful young fellow can deliver," de
clared Colonel Barrett of New York,
who was one of the interested specta
tors.
The guns of the artists were now
placed in position, and Sharkey, with
his boxing partner, Jack Stelzner, toed
the scratch at the call of time.
The first picture shows Sharkey In
the act of delivering a right-hand body
punch; then follow a left swing for
the jaw and stop by Stelzner; then
right hand across, right swing at jaw,
left hook for body, landing on solar
plexus and right-hand upper-cut.
When this part of the performance
was over, Sharkey and Stelzner en
gaged in four three-round bouts, which
proved to be a much stiffer exhibition
of hitting and stopping than the spec
tators had hoped to see. Sufficient to
say however, that stelzner did not re
gret the fact that the bout had ended
before any serious damage to his an
atomy resulted, as Sharkey Is not ac
customed to light sparring.
Joe Kennedy, who is a big strapping
fellow with some science, then had a
setta with muscular Tom, but the ex
changes were comparatively light, as?
Kennedy had a rib broken a
few days ago by the "gentle"
man o' warsman, on whose pow
erful breast is stamped in Ink a pic
ture of .the battle-ship in which Shar
key has sailed the seas over.
Sharkey's programme of training is
as follows: Up at 6:30, breakfast at
7:30; run of ten miles at 9:30 through
the park, plunge In the ocean at 12,
lunch at 12:30, gymnasium work at 3,
dinner at 5:30 and bed ut 9:30.
The report that Sharkey has im
proved wonderfully In foot work and
also quickness in avoiding blows, is not
groundless. He satisfied some expert
Judges of the game yesterday that he
has vastly improved in many respects
Bince he fought a draw with Choynski
in this city. His style of fighting »s
entirely round-arm. He swings right
and left at body and head in the hope
of landing on some vulnerable spot.
Sharkey does not pretend to be a
scientific boxer. When asked why he
leaves his face open to attack he re
plied that a smash on the nose or jaw
does not affect him, and that his chin
cannot be reached, as it is protected by
the mounds of muscle on his shounJ
ers.
"I am always willing to take a punch
If I can give one in return," remarked
Pharkey, "and you can bet that a few
of my punches will set any man groggy
if they land on the right spot."
Betting on the figrht is $10 to $8, with
Sharkey on the long end, but it can
be safely said that the friends of
Choynski, who wager on pugilistic con
tests, will reverse the present order of
betting before the men will enter the
ring on Friday evening.
unnecessary time would be wasted on
! outside matters. A set of resolutions was
I then adopted, which were highly lauda
! Tory of the Congressional serviced of Hon.
James G. Maguire. It was suggested that
he remain in his present position, where
i his services would be of more general
benefit than they would if he yielded to
i those who desired him to seek the guber
| natorial office.
An effort was made to indorse Hon.
i Frank J. Sullivan as a candidate for Gov-
I ernor. but his name was withdrawn in
j favor of his brother-in-law, Mayor James
jD. Phelan. The latter was commended
; for the distinguished honor of Governor
I or United States Senator, as he saw fit,
by a rising and unanimous vote.
The club then resolved to keep up its
! organization by monthly meetings.
MUTUAL, BENEFIT ASSOCIATION.
San Francisco Branch No. 1 of the Med
| ical Mutual Benefit Association h.nn 1 the
' following officers installed by Past Presi
dent Louis Krause: J. Warshawskl P
P.; Dr. C. L. SelmriY. f. ; . .., tl , ' t '
L, Rubenfstein. T.; Sol Adit"-. H ■' .T \v'
Triber. C; J. W. Barnett, I. 6.; c. C~
Fraser, O. G. ; Dr. A. S. Adler, physician'
J. Abrahamson, M. Cohn and I. Toplita'
trustees. This branch now has a mem
bership of seventy-five, with a large sur
plus in its treasury. Seven candidates
will be initiated at the next meeting
To Cure o Cold ir) One Ddv.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure.
2Cc. The ecnuin- has L. B. Q. ion each tablet
TWEEDIE
SAID TO BE
A PEELER
Is Expelled From the
St. Patrick's Day
Convention.
Accused of Giving Infor
mation to the Irish
Constabulary.
Aftermath of a Letter Written
Some Three Years
Ago.
IRISHMEN ARE INDIGNANT
Tweedie and His Friends Will Con
duct an Opposition Cele
bration.
Accused of being a "Peeler" and hav
inggained admission to the St. Patrick's
day convention, Daniel Tweedie has
been expelled from that body, and
leaves in Its ranks a general disrespect
for himself.
The trouble which has brought Twee
die into disrepute among local Irish
men is of long standing, and originated
from a letter which he wrote some
three years ago to the Royal Irish Con
stabulary. This letter, which on the
face appears perfectly innocent, re
cently fell into the hands of some local
Irishmen who are thoroughly conver
sant with the famous coersion act
and the methods of the Constabulary.
They read between the lines, and at
once branded the author of the docu
ment as a "Peeler" — a man to whom
the epithets of spy and traitor would
b<s complimentary.
Tweedie was at that time a member
of the Ancient Order of Hibernians.
The letter was brought up and debated
upon at the meeting of Tweedie's divi
sion, with the result that his name was
erased from the roster. Out of respect
for his family, however, the matter was
kept quiet, and probably would
never have leaked out had not It been
that Tweedie wished to cut a promi
nent figure in the St. Patrick's day
celebration.
To get in by the channel of the A. O.
H. was Impossible, but he was a promi
nent member of an organization known
as the County Leitrim Social Club, and
through it succeeded in being sent as
a delegate to the convention.
"When the convention was called and
Tweedie was found there as a delegate
there was general consternation among
the men who had already voted his
name from the roll of one Irish organ
ization and naturally felt opposed to
sitting with him ac a delegate.
A conference was held and it was de
cided that for the sake of harmony It
would be better to have the offending
member quietly removed. Tweedie was
determined to hold his seat, and bit
terly contested his right In the conven
tion. It was no use, however, and at
an executive session of the convention
his seat was declared vacant by a large
majority. His fellow delegates from the
County Leitrim Club, Bob O'Reilly and
E. McOushin, resigned their seats as
soon as the action of the convention
was made known.
Tweedie, O'Reilly and McGushin now
say that they will get together and will
hold a celebration which will totally
eclirfse that of the convention, but the
members are not greatly alarmed at
this threatened opposition. They hope
that nothing will come of it, however,
as it might look as though the Irish
bodies were warring among themselves
on the day of all days when general
harmony is supposed to exist.
Tweedie freely admits the authorship
of the letter, but insists that there is
no harm in !t, and that the action of
the convention was stimulated by poli
ticians who have an ulterior purpose
and have been for some time seeking to
down him.
PREPARE FOR THE
BIG SEVENTEENTH
Ladies of St. Patrick's Alliance
Adopt a Programme for
the Celebration.
A Pamphlet Is Formulnted and Ad
dressed to Irish-American
. Ladies.
The ladles of St. Patrick's Alliance held
a meeting at Hibefnia Hall last evening
for the purpose of making arrangements
for the celebration of St. Patrick's Day
on March 17 and to consider the erection
of the Wolfe Tone monument. The meet
ing was called to order by Frank Conklin.
The following literary programme was
formulated and adopted for observance
of the afternoon and evening exercises to
be held at Woodward's Pavilion on the
17th: Afternoon— Overture, orchestra, un
der the direction of Matthew Grennan;
opening address, Frank Conklin; duet, by
the Misses Tully; solo, by Jose (by kind
permission of Gustave Walter of the Or
pheum); fancy dancing, Mrs. Pearl Hid
man and P. J. Keller; male quartet, vocal
selections, Lyceum Quartet: songs and
dances, Arnold Grazer; prize dance,
Messrs. Keller and O'Connor; stereopti
con views of Ireland and America, Mrs.
Hattie B. Steele.
Evening programme— Overture, by or
chestra; grand chorus of 300 voices. Pro
fessor John McKenzie; oration, M. M.
Estee; vocal solo. Miss O'Rourke; poem.
"Who Fears to Speak in 'SB." to be read
by Thomas W. Hickey; musical selec
tions, Professor Grauber; Wright Hunt
ington. by permission of the Alcazar The
ater; finale, grand chorus, "Star Spangled
Banner."
The following is a copy of the pamphlet
which will be addiesssed to the Irish-
American ladies of San Francisco:
"The men of our race all over the world
are uniting for great demonstrations this
year in honor of the martyrs and heroes
of ' '9S.' In San Francisco it has been
decided by the St. Patrick's day conven
tion to devote the proceeds of the cele
bration here to the fund for tho Wolfe
Tone monument to be erected In Dublin.
This pure and lofty purpose appeals with
special force to Irishmen; and we should
deem it a privilege to assist our brothers
with all our efforts. In response to a call
of the convention a meeting of ladies was
held at Hibernia Hall last Tuesday even
ing, and at this meeting a special com
mittee was appointed to address the
ladles of Han Francisco. It is in accord
ance with this that we cordially ln%ite
those ladies who love the dear old Moth
erland and revere the men who fought
that Ireland might be free, who are proud
of their nationality, devoted to the prin
ciples of their fathers, true to the tradi
tlons of the race to whom "98' is a sacred
memory, and who remember Lymric. to
meet with us at Hibernia Hall next Fri
day evening at 120 Ninth stret, to form
plans to help the convention in their ef
forts to make the coming celebration a
great success, so that California's contri
bution to the Wolfe Tone monument may
be worthy the patriotic generosity that
has always distinguished our great
State."
The following names are affixed to the
document: Mrs. J. J. Donovan, Mrs. H.
Mulverhill. Mrs. Julia Bannerman, Mrs.
Clara Leonard. Miss Margaret J.
O'Rourke, Mrs. E. Butters and Mrs. C. B.
Flannagan.
THE NATIVE SONS.
Assistant Grand Secretary Jamison,
who for three weeks was conf.ned to his
home by an attack of typhoid pneumonia,
Is convalescent and at his desk again.
Grand Trustee McNoble visited Alca
traz Piedmont and Rincon parlors last
week.
Hesperian Parlor was officially visited
?y G £* nd Trustee Coombs on February
<w. The atendance of members was
very large and after the business of the
eA-ening was over there was presented an
i^ rf ' s c and attractive programme.
Addresses were delivered by the visitor,
and by Lyman Fenn, E. E. Gallagher, R.
f. Doolan and James H. Roxburgh.
MISSION HIVE, L. O. M.
The following officers of Mission Hive
were Installed last Thursday by Supreme !
Deputy Lady Commander Mrs. Henrietta
Stone: Ella P. Jacobs, L. C; Mary Pot
ter> T P ; L- C.; Adelhide Rhen. L. C; Bes- i
sle Johnson, R. c. ; Sarah Hedges, F. X.;
Caroline Jones, C; Mary Gibson. S.; Mrs.
Pfleffer, M. at A.; Mrs. Lois Bert. P.;
Mrs. Bacon, S. The same evening Modin
Hive consolidated with this hive, and
Mission is now in a flourishing condition.
Science of the Soul.
"The Science of the Soul" was the sub
ject of the lecture delivered before a
large audience at Academy of Sciences
Hall last evening under the auspices of
the San Francisco Theosophlcal Society.
The lecture, as implied by the subject,
dealt principally on the immortality of
the soul and the inner workings of the
human brain.
Bow in a Theater.
J. J. Gottlob of the Columbia Theater
swore to a complaint in Judge Low's
court yesterday for the arrest of S. Rob
inson on a charge of disturbing the peace.
Robinson, while under the influence of
liquor, went into the theater Monday
night and raised such a disturbance as to
annoy the patrons of the place.
A Missing Child.
Little Alva Arnold, a 6-year-old child
living at 1012 Leavenworth street, has
been missing since 2 o'clock yesterday af
ternoon. She had gone on a visit with
other children, promising to return in
about two hours. Mrs. Arnold reported
the disappearance to police headquarters.
Charged With BurgJary.
Frank Donnelly, an ex-convict, was "ar-
rested yesterday by Detectives Ryan and
ODea on a charge of burglary. He is ac
cused of breaking into the stables of the
Pacific Improvement Company and steal
ing a lot of sacks and two pairs of shoes
that belonged to the stableman.
Impeding Navigation.
United States Commissioner Heacock
yesterday issued a warrant for the arrest
of James McAravy for building a dam
across Taylor Slough near Suisun Bay,
which slough is alleged to be a navigable
stream.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A PERSON'S AGE— T. O. P., City. This
department does not solve problems or
questions in arithmetic, consequently can
not answer when a person dying at a cer
tain age was born.
MrsS GIUSTI-F. G. H., City. Miss
Giusti # first joined the DeWolff Hopper
Company In San Francisco and remained
with it three weeks and then joined the
Bostonlans. also in this city, and has
been with them ever since.
TELEGRAPHY-W. G., City. If you
will look in the directory you will find !
the names of those who deal in tel- ;
egraphic instruments. This department
will not advertise any business.
A CONVICT— C. M., Yountvllle, Cal. The
fact that a convict receives creu.i. while
in prison, which shortens the term of im
prisonment, does not restore him to nis
civil rights. To regain these he must be
restored to citizenship according to law.
STAMP— Subscriber. City. This depart
ment does not advertise any business,
therefore cannot give the names of
"prominent dealers in stamps." If you
will consult the City Directory, under the
head of "classified" you will find the In
formation you desire.
PEDDLING— A. S., City. The fact that
an individual is either deaf or dumb, or
both, does not, under the law exempt him
or her from the payment of a license
when engaged in the peddling of wares.
Possibly on application a free license
would be granted.
DIAMOND WEDDING— S. & X., Uty.
What is known as the diamond wedding
is celebrated on the seventy-fifth anni
versary of marriage. The anniversaries
are as follows: First, iron; fifth, wooden;
tenth, tin; fifteenth, crystal; twentieth,
china; twenty-fifth, Bilver; thirtieth,
cotton: thirty-fifth, linen: fortieth,
woolen; forty-fifth, silk; fiftieth, gold,
and seventy-fifth, diamond.
LEAP YEAR— Subscriber. San Mateo. A :
leap year, one of 366 days, is so called
because It leaps forward a day as com
pared with an ordinary year. It so hap
pens that leap years coincide with the
years that are dlvlsable by four, and
thus they may be known since tho adop
tion of the new style in 1752. Of »he
years concluding centuries and known as
"the hundredth year, c. g., 1800, 1900, only
every fourth is a leap year, beginning
with 2000; i. c.. only those divisable by
400, such as 2400. 2800, etc.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREETO MEN
The State- Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost -
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
. Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne. Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute: free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory; weak back, varico-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home. -■■■■-..- :
The remedy has a peculiarly, grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location giving strength
arid development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the Stato
Medical Institute, 193 First- National Bank
Building, Fort {Wayne, Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will bo complied. with. The institute
is desirous of reaching that great c:ass
of men who are unable » to leave home to
be treated and ,th« free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it Is ; to be
cured, of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The In-
stitute mukes no restrictions. , Any man
who writes will bo , sent a. free sample,
carefully scaled In a plain package so
that Its recipient need haye ■ no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers arc
requested to write without delay. -'.';:
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAKISY AND; WASHINGTON STB— RB-
.modeled and renovated. ; KINO.' WARD A
CO. European plan, * ] looms Mo to }l f*<l*y,
15 1 to ; $8 , week. »S -to - $30 ■ month. Free , bntli*:
hot and cold water every room; tin grate* in
every room; elevator rum oil night.
HE BEARS AN
HONORED NAME
Arthur Hamlin Arrested
on a Charge of
Vagrancy.
He Is a Grandson of the Late
Vice-President Under
Lincoln.
Judge Conlan After Listening to His
Story at Once Dismisses the
Case.
Arthur Hamlin, a grandson of the
late Hannibal Hamlin, Vice-President
of the United States during President
Lincoln's first administration, ap
peared in Judge Conlan's court yester
day morning to answer a charge of
nibal Hamlin, Vice-President
nited States during President
first administration, ap-
Judge Conlan's court yester
llng to answer a charge of
vagrancy.
Policeman Chase testified that he
arrested Hamlin Monday night near
Fourth and Townsend streets on the
complaint " of a restaurant keeper.
Hamlin had gone into the restaurant
j and ordered a porterhouse steak, two
eggs on the side, three cups of coffee
and a package of cigarettes. After
partaking of the meal he ran out of
the place, and the • proprietor pursued
him, blowing his police whistle. Chase
heard the whistle and pursued and
captured Hamlin. ,He placed the
charge of vagrancy against him be
cause he had no money and had been
loafing around ' the Cafe Royal for
some time.
Prosecuting Attorney Mogan asked
Hamlin if he had anything to say in
his own defense. . He admitted eating
the meal and not paying for it. In ex
planation he said: "I had not eaten
anything since Saturday, and, having
no money nor friends, I thought it bet- .
ter to do that than disgrace the name
I bear by stealing." He startled the |
court by announcing that he was the !
grandson of the late Vice-President, j
and in corroboration thereof handed j
the prosecuting attorney an envelope
bearing the signs of age, and Inside
was the following note: • • "
This will Introduce my grandson, Mr.
Arthur Hamlin, to the acquaintance of
any person or persons to whom he shall
have occasion to present the same, and I
commend him to the kind regards of all
persons whom he shall meet.
I believe him to be a worthy and up-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE DAWN OF WOMANHOOD.
Earnest Words From Mrs. Pinkham to Mothers Who Have Daughter^
and a Letter From Mrs. Dunmore, of Somerville, Mass.
The advent of womanhood is fraught with dangers which even careful
f|II I J I ua«Bi^ mothers too of ten neglect.
------ jg^jjgfo One of the dangers to a young woman is belated
::" - - Jllitep'T menstruation. " The lily droops on its stem and dies
--111 I ■ Wyrti before its beauty is unfolded;" or she may have
I "HI JS^ /s>. ''""'■ '* . " J tered into the perfection of > womai*li<»«*\ -
111111 J ffly^V\^ \ / I with little' apparent inconvenience or
"" " ?/X» J»/ t\ W* \ I/ / disorder of health. But suddenly the
Illr fl^/i VVj \ ]/ / / menses entirely cease.
I"' / //I ■JIL -^uL^V^ /I / / Mother, puberic malady is taking
"( ( 7} 1 jSbv^x/A / / hold of your daughter, and quick
• "£•*'/ (fl& /yS consumption may follow! Take in
-- r ■J&t^s^* ij^^^^^y^^^ stant steps to produce regular men-
1 1 T I tUmßt^^P^ ~p ri Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com*
~>s x -$Bas^^^ l^^^\ &'£■ '-^f% pound is certain to assist nature to per-
s>t^ ifßrll \ S^*'. '^3 ' form . her regular duties, procure it at
(3rt> hj I V-r-pj-j-j^*~ once; there are volumes of testimony from
z^ l|f \\ Yfc 1 " 1- -4 grateful mothers who have had their
ifffjt if \ C l l 1 : 1 daughters' health restored by its use.
j-jjs tl \ F- jl^ personal advice is desired, write
_lxE_B£+MflU \ XiHB.J quickly to Mrs. Pinkham, at Lynn, Mass.
J^7^2|~^2^^A V A""* It will be given you without charge, and,
~~~^~^sS^2fi^^ I i* 1 will be the advice of abundant experii
<^\^!J2SSSI\ \ \~f ence and success.
t^jj!3&^ \ \ tT~\ Read the following from Mrs. Charles
\ \\ 1 / Duxmoke, 102 Fremont St., Winter Hill,
>j==* \ \ \ \ / Somerville, Mass.:
j^ \ V "I was in pain day and night; my doctor
|| \ \ did not seem to help me. . I could not seem to
• find any relief until I took Lydia E. Pinkham'a
Vegetable Compound. I had inflammation of the womb, a bearing-down pain,
and the whites very badly. The pain was so intense that I could not sleep at
night. I took Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound for a few months
and am now all right. Before that I took morphine pills for my pains; that was
a great mistake, for the relief was only momentary and the effect vile. I am.
. so thankful to be relieved of my sufferings, for the pains. I had were something
terrible." -. = ..,.' **
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound; a Woman's Remedy for Woman'sllls I
I once heard the leading 'contralto singer of the Castle
Square Theater Opera Co., of remark to a friend,
sitting in her , dressing-room : j* Some { singers can't sing,
well, they say, just after eating heartily, and take only a
light lunch ; but it works just the opposite with me. It's
impossible for me to sing a hard opera without having a
good meal before ; but I often take a
Ripans Tabule
to help digest it. My voice is always clearer and mor%,
powerful when I do/
Ban'gor, Me., March 19, 1888.
He also showed letters of recommen
dation from Thacker Brothers of Sac
ramento, for whom he worked as book-
I keeper in 1894, and from the B. and H.
Abstract Company of Seattle, by
whom he was employed from 1889 to
1891. About four years ago he had a
I stroke of paralysis, which affected his
right arm, and since then he had been
dependent for support upon his uncle,
Frank Hamlin, first assistant corpora
tion counsel in Chicago. He came here
from Seattle abc-ut six weeks ago, hav
ing been prevented from going to the
Klondike by lack of funds.
The Judge, after listening to his
story, said he could not be a party to
dishonoring the name of Hamlin, and
dismissed the case. He advised Ham
lin to procure a situation of some
kind, and Hamlin said he had been
unsuccessfully trying ever since he had
been here.
Hamlin is about 35 years of age, and
is a manly looking fellow. He said he
left Maine in the latter part of ISBB and
went to Seattle, where he secured em
ployment with the B. and H. Abstract
Company. U e remained there till 1891,
when he heard of his- grandfather's
death, who he says was the best friend
he had in the world. He went to Ban
gor and received a legacy which his
grandfather had left him, but he soon
went through it. Since then he had
been in Dakota and Chicago, and he
came here during the Midwinter Fair,
where he had charge of an exhibit.
While in Sacramento, before being
stricken with paralysis, he was em
ployed with the Southern Pacific in
the freight department.
patriotic children.
Hearst Grammar School to Give a
Benefit for the Widows of tne
Maine Victims.
The patriotic school children who are
attending the Hearst Grammar School
have arranged for an entertainment, the
proceeds of which will be given for the
benefit of the widows of the men who
were killed by the destruction of the bat
tle-ship Maine.
A committee of ten has been appointed
to take charge of the benefit, and elab
orate plans are being made to assure the
success of the undertaking. The com
mittee is composed of the following pupils
of the school: Naomi Hause, chairman;
Edith Simpson, Retta Haynes, Lowell
Bryan, Margaret Harney, Edwin Tucker,
Chester Smith. Harry Bogan, Fay Bealo
and Marshall Dill. The programme has
not as yet been determined upon, but will
consist of vocal and instrumental musical
numbers and recitations. At the conclu
sion of that portion of the entertainment
the floor will be cleared and there will be
dancing until a late hour.
The benefit is to be given at Franklin
Hall, corner of Bush and Fillmore
streets, on Friday evening, March 18, and
the admission price will be 25 cents.
John E. Cline's Will.
The will of John E. Cline, who die«T
February 23, was filed for probate yes
terday. His entire estate, the value of
which is unknown, is bequeathed to his
widow, Susan E. Cline, who is named aa
executrix to serve without bonds.FLANNELLY A
GOOD WITNESS
The Parricide Takes the
Stand in His Own
Defense.
Greatly Affected at Times, but
Soon Regains His Usual
Composure.
Says His Father Was Seeking to Kill
Him When He Fired to Pro
tect Himself.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOPE, March B.— Thomas W.
Flannelly. murderer of his father and j
slayer of Sheriff MoEvoy, went on the j
witness stand this afternoon in his own |
behalf. He made a good witness. At j
one time the witness choked and i
seemed about to cry, but he soon re- j
gained his composure and went on with j
his story. Flannelly's story of his j
crime tended to bolster up his claim of i
self-defense. He said his father was j
attempting to get a pistol out from un- j
der his pillow when he (Flannelly) j
1 lire and killed him.
At the opening of court this morning
r James Crowe of San Mateo j
y was recalled. He gave some
mentfi Of the room where the
murder occurred.
Edwin Thompson and Joe Getzman
were present at the arrest of Flan
nelly and told of the tight at the dairy
h, when the prosecution rested.
The case of the defense opened by
the reading of testimony taken at the
- inquest. This was admitted,
it was stated, to lay the foundation for
the Impeachment of witnesses John
X- rr and Sheriff Mansfield.
B. A. Hankin. Daniel Mullen, Hiram
Ebrlght, Claude U'ox and J. F. Greere
:.^d that prior to the homicide de
bit's reputation for peace and
Quietude had been good. Judge Lori
gan limited witnesses on this line to
five, and Attorney Straus took excep
tii n to the ruling.
Defendant Thomas Flannelly then
took the stand. He described the
shooting in a clear voice and without a
waver in his tone, even when the mi
nutest details were inquired into. He
showed great emotion when telling of
the killing, but he quickly recovered
himself and went on with his story.
Flannelly said he was born in San
Francisco and was 31 years old. He
first went into the dairy business at
Fair Oaks in 1592. On September 14,
1897, he took Daniel H. Doyle into part
nership, which firm existed for sixteen
days. The co-partnership document
was read and admitted as evidence. In
regard to the dissolution of the part
nership he said:
"Father wrote me a letter saying
that I would have to get off the place,
and Doyle too. My father said in a
conversation afterward that my part
ner was no good, that his father and
the whole family were no good and he
wanted me to get rid of him. I told
father I would get rid of Doyle as soon
as 1 could get any one else to do the
work, as it was too hard for me alone.
One niKht father threatened my life.
It was when I was delivering some
milk in my father's house. He asked
me if I had got rid of Doyle yet. I told
him that Doyle was not my partner
any more, and I would get rid of him
as soon as I could get some one else to
help me at the dairy. Father then
called me a liar and a thief. He said
a was cheating the customers and
Everybody else that I had anything tc
do with. I replied, 'Don't say that,
father.' My father would not listen to
me, but said, 'I will blow your head
off.' He then made a move toward a
lifle that was standing in one corner of
the kitchen. I made a warning move
toward him and told him not to touch
that rifle or he would have to use it,
as I was armed, too. Father then said,
'Well, I'll fix you, anyhow,' and he
went out of the house to the woodshed.
When I went out and got on my wagon
I saw him peeking out of a crack in
the woodshed at me.
"Th^ first notice we received from
father was to pay $25 a month rent or
move away from the dairy. When the
second notice came for us to move out
my partnership with Doyle had been
dissolved, and father knew it. I had
Bent word to him to that effect and
told him so repeatedly. I almost al
ways carried a pistol, either in my
pocket or on the milk wagon. I never
ssaw the pistol that father had, but I
knew he had one, as John Kerr told
me that he gave him one. The door
to father's room was open that night.
I lit a candle in mother's room and
went in and placed the lighted candle
on the stand at the head of father's
bed. I then asked him why he had
had more papers served on me and
Doyle. I told him again that I had no
partner, and he replied: 'You are a
liar; I wish you were dead and in
hell. You are drunk and a thief and
are no good to yourself or any one
else ' He then reached under his pil
low when I said: 'Don't draw a gun
on me, or I will fire, too, for I am
armed.'
"I tried to argue with father again,
but he would not have it. He threw
back some of the bedclothes and be
gan reaching under the pillow. Then
I fired three shots. Ido not know
where any of the shots struck. It was
the second time my father had threat
ened my life. I never had any trouble
with him before this quarrel. I was
not intoxicated that night.
"After the shooting I came out of the
room and saw my mother at the door.
She asked me if I had shot father, and
I told her yes, that I had to do so. She
wanted me to come into the room with
her, as she was afraid of father. I told
her there was no dajiger, as father was
dead. I thought he must be dead, as I
am a good shot. I have often practiced
at targets. Father was a good shot.
He could shoot best with the left hand.
About a year before the shooting he
came out to the ranch and used my
pistol in practicing at a target. When
my father first reached his hand around
under the pillow that night I stepped
toward him and touched him on the
Shoulder with my left hand. I told him
to look out, as I was armed, too. I
took my pistol out and showed it to
father Then I put It back in my pocket
and tried to argue with him, but father
continued to threaten my life."
The defendant was then asked: Did
you think your life was In danger after
father made that first movement?"
"I did, sir."
"Why did you not leave the room,
then?"
"I was afraid that if I turned around
to go out I would leave myself open to
be shot."
The witness denied that he held his
pistol within a foot of his father's head
at any of the shots so as to powder
burn the flesh.
i The defense then rested, and court
adjourned until to-morrow morning,
when argument in the case will begin.
Wells-Fargo Agent in Trouble.
ALBANY, Or., March B.— Crosby Mat
thews .agent of Wells, Fargo & Co. at
Newport, haa been arrested on a charge
of larceny. He was held In $2500 bonds.
It la said he Is $16,000 short in hi» ac
counts.
THOMAS MAGEE
TAKES A WIFE
Vliss Helen C. Curtis of
This City the Happy-
Bride.
Ceremony Performed in a Pic
turesque Spot at Santa
Barbara.
Pouch, of Romance to the Brilliant
Event — The Wedding Breakfast
and Presents.
Special DUpatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA, March B.— At
high noon to-day, at the residence of
Mrs. Edgerton Hart, Miss Helen Carle
ton Curtis and Thomas Magee, both of
San Francisco, were united In mar
riage, Rev. A. H. Carrier of the Pres
byterian Church officiating.
Punctually at 12 o'clock the bridal
procession formed and wended its way
from the residence proper through a
magnificent avenue of grand eucalyp
tus trees to a quaint, picturesque, old
adobe building. A carpet of canvas
was laid the entire distance. As the
procession ascended the steps the sweet
tones of Greig's "Bridal March" fell
upon the ear. Beneath a canopy of
smilax and the blossoms of the orange
and peach trees were said the words
that made Miss Curtis and Mr. Magee
one.
The bride looked strikingly hand
some in a robe of white satin and a
tulle veil flowing to the floor. The j
bridesmaids. Miss Hart of Santa Bar
bara and Miss Ladd of San Francisco,
were attired in white. Miss O'Sulllvan
of San Francisco was maid of honor,
and little Miss Helen M. Cowles was
train-bearer.
After the wedding a breakfast was
served, the table being beautifully ar
ranged with rare exotics. While the
bridal party enjoyed the viands the
Spanish orchestra rendered a number !
of fine old Castilian airs appropriate |
to the occasion. The room in which the j
ceremony took place was tastily decor- j
ated with vines and flowers. The scene
of this happy incident is one of the
oldest landmarks in Santa Barbara
and one of the most picturesque spots
of this place. In the days of the Dons
it doubtless was the scene of merri
ment and love-making.
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. James Marvin Curtis of San
Francisco. The groom is one of the
leading citizens of the same city. The
wedding took place here owing to a
desire of Mr. Oliver, an old girlhood
friend of Miss Curtis, to be nresent at
her marriage whenever it might occur,
and as she promised him he should at
tend and as he was too ill to go to San
Francisco the ceremony was performed
in Santa Barbara.
The guests were Mr. and Mrs. James
i Marvin Curtis, Mrs. Edgerton Hart,
j Miss McCurdy, Mrs. Dr. Doremus. Miss
. Doremus. Mr. and Mrs. Q. P. J. Oliver,
Mr and Mrs. Edwin Bradbury, Mrs.
L J Harrison. Miss Gail Harrison.
Mrs. Herzfeldt of Berlin and Mr. and
Mrs. Paul Cowles.
The bridal couple were the recipients
of many presents from friends in San
Francisco and in Europe. During the
wedding breakfast a number of con
gratulatory telegrams and cablegrams
were read. }
This afternoon Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Magee left for an extended tour of
Southern California, after which they
will return to San Francisco to reside
on Broadway, between Devisadero and
Broderick streets, overlooking the bay.
WANT FREIGHT
RATES REDUCED
Complaint of Citrus Fruit
Packers, Shippers and
Growers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX DIEGO. March 8. -The San Diego
County Packers' and Shippers' Associa
tion, comprising the leading fruit ship
pers and growers of the county, have
written to Agent Stuart of the Southern
California Railway asking for a reduction
of the citrus fruit freight rates to the
East. This action Is taken in consequence
of the charges that the Santa Fe and
Southern Pacific are In a pool whereby
the rates on citrus fruits are kept at a
ruinously high fipure. The Shippers' and
Packers' Association says:
"Southern California has at least 3000
carloads of seedlings still on the trees.
Unless the market Improves or the rail
roads come to the rescue half of this frutl
will never be shipped. Figure the loss to
the railroads, to the growers, packers and
shippers. At the low price of $1 50 per box
delivered the loss would be $756,000. Will
the railroad* see this fruit rot and the
leading industry of Southern California
damaged to such an extent?
•■Since the tariff law went into effect
Atlantic Ocean rates on imported citrus
fruits have been reduced one-third. Dur
ing this same time railroad freight rates
from New York to Chicago, for Instance,
have been reduced on the quiet by means
of rebates and otherwise one-fourth. To
p-ether this means 25 cents per box advan
tage to the foreign growers. Thus, what
we gained by the tariff Is largely nulll
t\e<\ If the transportation lines of the
Eastern States and the Atlantic Ocean
can thus aesist the growers, Isn't it right
and Just that we ask our Western lines
to help us? For ten years now the citrus
fruit rate to Mississippi Valley common
points has remained the same. During
that time the Belling price of our com
modities has been cut in two. The traffic
at one time could stand the rate. Under
present conditions that rate has become
excessive and the business can no longer
stand it."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I : "-M*i A LITTLE STUDY
> of our Cook Book will suggest
l|i|F^ I many delicate dishes to be made
IPlpi^/ with Liebig COMPANY'S Ex-
J^^^^^^^J tract— the genuine "blue sig-
( ] Bjir^^ brand." !
L&ZJ~^^\ All// Bend a postal for this Cook Book,free to every I
ftp keeper, to Llebig Co P. O. Box STIB, New York.
(ompanyS n
j/gf i X \ E^tracrof Beef
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 9, 1898.
TO ALLAY ALL
APPREHENSIONS
Official Statement on the
Site for the Federal
Building.
On One Corner of the Site
Foundation Will Have to
Be Sunk Deeper.
Defects Revealed by the Special Ex
amination of General Smith
of Chicago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, March 8.
The Treasury Department, after j
considering the report of Civil Engl- |
neer General Sooy Smith of Chicago |
for two weeks, finally gave out a care
fully worded statement this afternoon ■
calculated to allay any apprehensions
that the people of San Francisco may
have concerning the foundation for
the new Postoffice building. The mea
ger statement given to the press con
tains little if any information beyond
that already telegraphed to The Call.
In fact, there is a very evident desire
on the part of the Treasury Depart
ment to give out as little information
as possible.
They claim that the examination
made by the engineer disclosed noth
ing of very great importance. But
j from the fact that those engaged in
making the excavations discovered a
soft place near the corner of Seventh
and Mission streets, and from the fur
ther fact that the department, instead
of sending one of its agents to make
the examination, employed a private
civil engineer, showed that they were
apprehensive about the character of
| the foundation. There has, too, been
I a deal of mystery surrounding the con
i sideration of Smith's report.
Day after day the correspondents of
j San Francisco papers have visited the
department for information, but not a
hint was given them. The officials con
sidered the matter of sufficient import
ance to bring General Smith here from
Chicago, and he had an interview with
Assistant Secretary at the Treasury
Spalding, Supervising Architect Tay
j lor and Chief Executive Officer Kem
per, and, as stated in the dispatches to
The Call last night, General Smith ex
pressed the opinion that a much bet
| ter site could have been selected, and
1 that the foundation plans near the cor
| ncr of Seventh and Mission streets
j would have to be changed because of
j the infirm character of the ground at
that point. The brief typewritten
statement given out at the Treasury
to-day is as follows:
"Owing to the general belief that
treacherous sands underlie the site for
the new Federal building, and to the
fact that soft strata were encountered
in excavating near the corner of Sev
enth and Mission streets, the Super
vising Architect of the Treasury De
partment decided to have a thorough
examination of the site made by a
civil engineer of national reputation.
Far this purpose there were secured
the services of General William Sooy
Smith, who proceeded to San Fran
cisco and made a careful investigation
by sinking twenty additional borings,
most of which were near the corner of
Seventh and Mission streets. The de
sign for the foundation as it appeared
in the office of the supervising archi
tect was also submitted for General
Sooy Smith's consideration, and was
pronounced by him to be the best that
could be adopted. General Smith, how
ever, concurred with the engineer of
the supervising architect's office in the
latter's recommendation that founda
tions near the corner of Seventh and
Mission streets be carried to a deeper
level than originally intended, thus
penetrating the yielding strata until a
satisfactory bed is reached."
A VILE EPITHET
LEADS TO BLOWS
San Mateo County's Sheriff Is
Punched by a Call Corre
spondent.
Bpeds] Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March B.— Sheriff Mansfield
of San Mateo County did not like the ex
pose of the questionable methods adopted
by himself and brother, C. T. Mansfield,
to obtain a reward for the arrest of Fred
Winters, as published In The Call this
morning, and consequently was in an
ugly mood to-day.
About 11 o'clock Lk Seidenberg, a spe
cial correspondent of The Call, met Sher
iff BC&nsfleld, who is In attendance at the
Flannelly trial, in the Sheriffs office and
asked him If he desired to make any ex
planation in regard to the charges made
in the article. Mansfield called Seiden
berj? a vile name in reply. Seidenberg re
taliated by saying the statements made
were the truth and called Mansfield a
thief.
Mansfield made a rush at Seidenberg,
and the newspaper man landed his right
fist In good shape on the officer's nose.
The skin was knocked off and Mans
fleld'a Mood was spilled over the carpet
ami his clothes. The men then clinched,
and Seidenberg was In the act of admin
istering a number of short-arm blows In
the Sheriffs face when Under Sheriff
Benson interfered and separator! them.
Seidenberg escaped without even a
scratch. Mansfield was taken back Into
the jail, where the blood was washed off
his face and clothes, and The Call man
went on about his business.
REDUCTION OF
THE RATES
Canadian Pacific Will Ex
tend the Cut to This
City.
Carries the War of the Rail
roads to Traffic on the
Pacific Ocean.
Steps to Be Taken by the Western
Passenger Association to Meet
the Foreign Competitor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, March 8. — The Canadian
Pacific has announced that it will take
its reduced rates into San Francisco.
It declares that from that city to the
East it will make the following rates:
St. Paul, $25; Chicago, $36 50; New
York, $40.
These rates are first-class and the
second class rates will be in each in
stance $10 lower than the rates given
above. In making these rates the
Canadian Pacific will have to connect
itself with the ocean route from San
Francisco to the western terminus of
its line.
The Southern Pacific will not allow it
the use of its Shasta route, and the
ocean route is all that is left for it.
At the present time there is a fight be
tween the steamship companies and
the Southern Pacific which has pulled
down the rates between San Francisco
and Portland to $5 net. The Canadian
Pacific has taken advantage of this
and has decided to carry the fight into
the chief points of the Pacific Coast
that are within its reach.
A call was to-day issued by the
chairman of the Western Passenger
Association for a meeting of the gen
eral passenger agents of the organiza
tion to be held to-morrow, fo-.the pur
pose of considering the latest phase of
the fight with the Canadian Pacific.
At the meeting the propriety of ask
ing the Northern Pacific and the Great
Northern either to abolish the rate
system of sellling tickets to points on
the Northern Pacific coast or to cease
all interchange of busniess with the
Canadian Pacific and the Soo line and
to route all of their business via Chi
cago will be discussed.
VIOLENTY INSANE.
William La Montague Put in Irons
Nt Los Gatos.
SAN JOSE. March B.— William la Mon
tague, a prominent orchardist of Union
District, became violently Insane this
morning and was brought, to the County
Jail in irons by ronstable Reynolds of
Los Gatos. La Montague was confined in
Agnews Asylum several years ago. While
insane that tlm<- ho cut the throat of his
brother-in-law with a razor. He has been
drinking heavily of late and while in
Los Gatos this morning became very vio
lent. The arrest was ma<le at the in
stance of La Montague's s»n.
DißEcroer or
/lJ^if *3sKBSraH»&/' V * ) TRANSPORTATION— Continued.
(^^^^^^^^^ Union S. & Transportation Co.
|wlr y TO KOTZEBUE SOUND, ST. MICHAEL,
fm.' N^Bw* COPPER RfVER ' DYEA AND
f 111 For P a " a & e nnd freight apply to
V // vJ>*^§£gS?fiSBHßsFv J >*^§£gS?fiS8HBsF UNION SHIPPING AND TRANSPORTA-
,. /fo^jgjJSgSgfllgfSßE* TION COMPANY, 21 Market street.
i/l^Mi/ l^^S " NORTHERN^LiQHT, "
*// / vT '^^^^5 J Captain Joseph Whfteslde. Commanding,
/ / \4'Mi£*9 Will Sail for
l-IWJyn KOTZEBUE SOUND,
/ I/}* ALASKA GOLD FIELDS. •
'.! • - MAY 1O .... 1898.
TRANSPORTATION. __
SAFE FAST STEAMER
HtMBOLDT
Will Sail About March 12 for
DYEA And
SKAGUAY
DIRECT. ;
For passage and freight apply
JOHN A. MAGEE JR.,
Agent, 310 Clay St.
HO! FOR DAWSONI
On or about May 1. 1898. the American bark
ALEXANDER McNEIL will sail for St. Mich-
ael, /connecting at the latter point with the
Pacific Coast Commercial Co.'s new dispatch
river steamer Bessie H.
For further Information call on or address
PACIFIC COAST COMMERCIAL COMPANY
A. H. HERRIMAN, Agent.
201 Front St., San Francisco. .
KOTZEBUE SOUND MINING AND
TRADING CO.
FOR Kotzebue Sound— bark J. A. Falken-
burg will sail on or about May 10, 1898. Fare,
Including 2500 pounds baggage or freight, 1200.
Passengers will apply early to LYNDE & j
HOUGH CO., 40 California st., San Francisco,
or to A. H. Herrlman. general manager. 201
Front St., San Francisco. .
California-Alaska Navigation Commercial Co.,
- 628 Market St.
Will dispatch their elegant new ocean steamer
(now building), for Dawson City, via St.:
Michael, about June 1. Fare, $300; 150 pounds
baggage free. 1Q cenU per pound. ._■■',
Freight 10 cents per pound.
Their powerful new river steamer (QUEEN
OF THE YUKON) draws only 2 feet loaded,
with a speed of 15 miles per hour, and elec-
tric lighted throughout. Send for pamphlet
and map of gold fields, free. Also steamers
to Dyea and . Skaguay. .- - . . ■
TRAVELERS TO DAWSON
Via DYEA and SKAGUAY, can ■ arrange to
have their provisions sent via St. Michael
and the Yukon River, by applying to
ALASKA YUKON
1 TRANSPORTATION CO.,
8 STEUART ST., San Francisco, Cal.
THE CZAR IS
ALSO WARLIKE
Rushing Men and Muni
tions of War to the
Far East.
Cloud That Has Hung Over
China for So Long May
Break.
When the Crash Comes It Will In
volve All the Nations of
Europe.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, March 9.— A dispatch to
the Times from Odessa says: Troops
and war material are going to the far
East with such haste that the Russian
volunteer fleet will not suffice.
The Government, therefore, has char
tered some French steamers, the first
of which will start a fortnight hence
with 2000 men.
The Peking correspondent of the
Times says: By an agreement just
signed, Germany has obtained a con
cession to construct a railroad connect
ing Tsi-Nan-Tu, province of Shan-
Tung, on the Hoang-Ho and I Chau-
Fet. Germany undertakes, in the com
pletion of certain details, to withdraw
her troops from Tsimo and Kiaochau
towns.
A special dispatch from Shanghai
says that Russia has agreed to open
Port Arthur and Talien Wan to foreign
trade, but under Russian laws and ad
ministration.
HONGKONG, March B.— Prince Henry
of Prussia has arrived here from Sing
apore, and a number of dinners and re
ceptions have been arranged in his
honor.
VALLEY ROAD MAIL SERVICE.
A Closed Pouch for Each of tue
Principal Stations.
STOCKTON, March B.— The people of
the lower San Joaquin Valley will here
after have an improved mail service. The
Valley road by the 7:30 train yesterday
morning took out the first pouches and
they were delivered at the various Post
offices sooner than the mail has hereto
fore left the Stockton office.
The principal points touched by this new
service are Fresno, Hanford. Visalia, Col
legeville, Atlanta, Burwood and Merced.
The service is what is known as the
closed pouch delivery, the bags being
handled at present by the Wefis-Fargo
messengers, but it is understood that as
soon as another division is opened the
Postoffice Department will allow a postal
clerk.
The 7 o'clock morning train of the
Southern Pacific Company does not carry
mail, and it accordingly has not left here
until the noon train south. The valley
mail will also arrive here at 5:40 p. m.
instead of 8:16 by the Southern Pacific
One Dose Will Stop a Cough.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure never falls;
try it; 26c. For sale by all druggists. •
Passage $200, including 3000 lbs. baggage.
$50 now will secure passage, balance before
April 1. 1898.
Address CAPT. B. COO.AN,
44 East St.. San Francisco.
BIRCH Creek district; now nearly deserted
owing to lack of food; larger and Just as rich
as Klondike; produced about $5,000,000; 1500 x
100 feet: our new modern steamer, Alice
Rix. stops there going to Dawson City; our
book free. Alaska Transportation Co., 224
Montgomery st., opp. Russ House.
MINING SUPPLIES.
Wr^rMONTAGUE^CCU
. HEADQUARTERS FOR
MINING SUPPLIES. CAMPING OUTFITS.
311 TO 317 MARKET STREET.
GAS ENGINES.
UNION GAS ENGINE GO.
339 HOWARD STREET.
GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
SLEEPING BAGS.
KLONDIKE' SLEEPING BAGS.
Klondike Sleeping Bags. The only bag made
that will not crack from frost or leak. Sold at
factory prices. 3H Spear St., San Francisco.
P. a B. PRODUCTS.
P. & B. BUILDING PAPER and P. & B.
READY ROOFING, sold by all first-class deal-
ers, are clean, odorless, of great strength, rea-
sonable In price and easy , to transport. They
keep heat, ■ cold, dampness and dust out of
buildings; are particularly adapted to Alaskan
trade. PARAFFINE PAINT CO., 116 Battery
st. Tel. No.. Main 1763. -
SLEDS. BOATS, ETC.
~~ARCTIC sleds, Arctic dogs, Yukon boats,
pilot maps to the Klondike. Alaska outfits,
steam launches and stern-wheel steamers, with
boilers suitable to burn wood ; 50 boats can be
seen at salesroom. G. W. KNEASS, 713 Third
st. 'Phone Red 2361.
" ~ ~ MEDICINES. ~~ ~~
DON'T GO TO THE KLONDIKE
OR anywhere else without a / supply of
PRATT'S ABOLITION OIL, • the never-failing
remedy for Rheumatism. ■. Neuralgia. Lame
Back and all lameness and pain. For sale by
all druggists. A. McBOYLE CO., Druggists.
604 : Washington st. " . . >! .
LIME CORDIAL.
Lime Cordial : especially i" prepared for the
'Alaska, etc., trade. Preventive and cure for
scurvy etc. LUKE G. SRESOVICH * CO..
Agents. 521 to 525 Sansome St., San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Kidney and Uric Acid Troubles Quickly Cured.
You May Have a Sample Bottle of the Great Discovery,
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, Sent Free by Mail.
Men and women doctor their troubles
so often without benefit that they get
discouraged and skeptical. In most
such cases serious mistakes are made
in doctoring and in not knowing what
our trouble is or what makes us sick.
The unmistakable evidences of kidney
trouble are pain or dull ache in the
back, too frequent desire to pass water,
scanty supply, smarting irritation. As
kidney disease advances the face looks
sallow or pale, puffs or dark circles
under the eyes, the feet swell and
sometimes the heart acts badly. Should
further evidence be needed to find out
the cause of sickness, then se* urine
aside for twenty-four hours; if there
is a sediment or settling it is also con-
vincing proof that our kidneys and
bladder need doctoring. A fact often
overlooked is that women suffer as
much from kidney and bladder trouble
as men do.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root is the dis-
covery of the eminent physician and
scientist and is not recommended for
everything, but will be found just what
is needed in cases of kidney and blad-
» $
%'/ 3l £ I A Funny Thing ;J
« /^^gM63K3fßß^~-*^3S^. // «* — . It is that some people will ray a high £►
4jF&^ 'Jvtn&fJf*m>. li price for an inferior Electric Kelt when a ...
JO- ■&>» 39F MJFMr^ I/I nrst-class article, with all modern Im- «
Vi WJV tW' "**a»- iff fJp vt^i —=CT provements. can be had for HALF THE <\
WmJB&l&& Mi iSf-Jr Z^ MONEY. We would suggest that you
8 WJj '&gwwfM%if ' Buy No Belt Till You See Dr. Pierces - g
V W^^mi^^^fjf^^mjr^^^l. Everybody Recommends Them. :.:
O Jljfcfc^*^ WL^ZZ^J^' Mr. Jas. Langan of Gold Hill, Xev., £*
V /jL J^jfSi&a&'jrj&lß!' *T "I have been u?ing your Kelts for years w
0 -^ \Z-^ s^ M .Wy\\ II and. finding they have done me a great :'■
y^ / *^ sS^ THfjpV II m* deal of good, have recommended the use £fc
M / -* / i I / sQ^ 'jKf of them to a lady with Rheumatism. I >*
rt / / A I / / >WJ^> talk about your Belts a great deal and -*•
v / / I /]/ /^7 iTTI ' recommend them to any person I know 0
V. / / / f / i~ -'/.i '•'■'- I/I 'I " IC^ Send for our book. It tells every- ft
Y$ ' / / I / / 11 I ' thing about Electric Belts and what they **
CD r X. > y ' £ ■ 'It are good for. Address or call on the #
vf . undersigned. v-i
« „ COn MARKET ST., »
» PIERCE ELECTRIC CO. OZU Opp. Palace Hotel, S. F. S
a—. ~ , g
Q SEATTLE OFFICE— Rooms 35-36. Sullivan block, 712 First aye., Seattle.
ooooooooooo ooooooo^oooooooooooooooooo
oo oo o 00 000000 bo o o
%v.f PALACE "-wg
% GRAND »°TMi^%
Q SAN FRANCISCO. ' Q
*f, Connected by a covered passageway. .^
° 1400 Rooms. 900 1 With Bath Attached. ©
© All Under Onb Management. O
O • NOTE THE PRICES: '. . ©
O' European Plan. Sl. oo per day and upward -v
. American Plan.*3. OO per day and upward v
0 Correspondence Solicited. Q
Q ' JOHN C. SIRKPATRICK. Manager. q j
oooooooooooooooooo !
Gto Chic(ie«t<-r» En«lUh Dlamand BraalL
P EHHYROYAL PILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
p ,—&~"\^ Original and Only Genuine. A.
f-"/i\ \ \Wk Druggist for ~ Chiihrtler $ Knaluh I>iajff^\
§MSfQSl^mond Brand in Red in.! Gold m":»!ii-\W
T^ — »T!w*3boi-:j. staled with bine ribbon. Take VB'
I^l S©»4 *WJ"o other. Rrfiitr dangenrnf Fubrtltu- ™
I / ~ ftfliont and imitation!. At Druggist*, or Mfc<4«.
I W> .M in stamp* for particulars, trniraonUl-'. »o4
», •*» B> " KelU-r* for Ladlea," in Itttrr, by mtmrm
m »» If Hall. 1".000 Tfatlmcnln'.s. Him' .'apcr.
. *rChlehe«ter ChcnilcaiCo.,Mn<ll»«n >\ lasr*.
tU by all Local DtwUM. . : 1> 11 1 1. a.. lA
Ir.mcnulty: !
TiriSTEr.LKXOWX AND RKLIABLE OL1»
-.I. Spe^lHll.st<M/r<r«Prlvate,Kervous,H!ood Miid Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20years'pxperience. Send for Boole, free. I'a.tients :
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 to 3 ' I
dally ;(l:90 tnS.HO^v'irs. Sondays, 10 to 12. Ci instil '
tlonfree and sacredly con fl den tia . Call or address
P. ROSCOE MeNUI/TT, W. D.,
SO^KearnrKtrret, Hid Franoiaow. C a |.
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL..
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.: 12:15.
S:3O, 5:10 6:30 p. m. Thursday! — Extra trip i
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:M
and 11:30 p. m. -
SUNDAYS- 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:«.
6:00, 6:20 p. m. -•■■- ■ :■ ' «■ ■ '-'i-M
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.:
12:45. 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra tripa
at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m. ■
SUNDAYS— «:IO, 9:40,11:10: a. m.; 1:40, 1:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m. . . . . , ■ :
Between San Francisco and Schuetxen . Park
tame schedule as above. ■".'■ - . -r .'
a Leave ~ln ptTp^i • Arrive ,•■
Pan Francisco, j' • <> t 21. I San Francisco. ,
Week I Sun- ■ r^st^tlon I Sun i Weei
■Days. I days. . BUnatlo °_ days, i^ days.
7.30 a.m. i 8:00 a.m. f 'Novato, j 10:40 a.m.) 8:40 a.m.
S:Bop.m. 9:90 a.m. ] Petaluma. | 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
6:10 p.m. s:oUp.m. ! Santa Roaa. 1 7 :»sp.m. 6 :23 p.m.
s:3op.ui. ~ Fulton,
Windsor. 10:25 a.m.
7 :30a.m. Healdsburjr,
> Liytton,
» Geyser vltle,
11 8 :00a.m. i Cloverdale. ' 7:35 p.m. 6:23 p.m.
" j ' Hoplaud and I
7 :30a.m. 1 3 •00a.m. 1 Uklah. I 7:85 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
\ :30a.m. 1 j ~~ '10:26 a.m.
8:00 a.m. Guerneville. 7:35 p.m. |
8 :30 p.m. \ "' I 6:22 p.m.
; 30a.m. is :00a.m.] Sonoma 1 10 :40 a.m.I. I B :4oa. in.
•- and : . .-
6 :10 p.m.; 5:00 p.m. ' Glen Ellen. 1 6:10p.m. 1 6:22 p.m.
7 :30a.m. 18 :00 a.m .) sebaatc»noL |10:40a.m.|10:25a.m.
8 :80 p.m. 15 :00 p.m. I • SebaatopoL 1 7 :35 p.m. [ 7:22 p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Fprlng-s; at Geyservtlle for Skagsa Springs; at
Cloverdale for < the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay.
Lakeport' and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for
Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes,'
Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno. Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside.. Llerley's. Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Boonville,
Orr's Hot Spring*. Mendoclno City, Fort
EragET, Westport, Usal. •- ■••-.• '
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rate?. •
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— 6so Market street. Chronic!*
bU A ld W g FO 6 TER. ■ P.. X. RTAJI.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. At*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10. 1897, trains will ma a*
follows: - ; '_ _____
Southbound. I ) Northbound.
"pasßen- Mixed Statlon 9. ! Mixed I Passe*
ger Sunday k" 1110119 -. Sunday I ger .
Dally. Exc'p'td Exc'p'td" Dally.'
7to a.m. 9:00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 5:40 p. m.
8:10 a.m. 12:50 p.m. Merced . 12:50 p.m. 3:53 p.tn.
10:40 a.m. 3:50 p.m. Fresno J:3oa.m. 2:20 p. m.
11:40 a.m. 5:20 p.m. llanfori . .45 a.m. 1:15 p.ta
12.15 p.m. ■ 6:45 p.m. Vlaalla 6:40 a.in. 12:40 p.m '
Stopping at Intermediate points wnen required
" Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
C. N. & I. Co., leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 6 p. m. - daily; at Merced with .
stages to and from Snelllngs. Coultervllle. etc.:
; also with stare for Hornltos. Mariposa, etc:
at Lankershlm with stags to and from Mailers.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sauealito Ferry. ','
From San Francisco, Commencing September
19, 1897.
, , ■: WEEK DAYS. . . ■', -C< r
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •9:*),:
. 11:30 a. m. ; *1:45, 3:45. 6:15. 8:00. 6:30 p. .m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays.
. Wednesdays and Saturdays at. 11:30 p. m.
.-'.,. :.; ■■■-. SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •10.8 a.
•11:80 a. m.; n:l5, 3:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked * run to San Quentin. .
k.,3 •; THROUGH TRAINS. ;
7:25 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:46 p. m.- Saturdays (mixed train) for
- Duncan Mills and way stations; 8:00 a. m.
■"•-;. Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations.
! der disorders or troubles due to uric
I acid and weak kidneys, such as catarrh
' of the bladder, gravel, rheumatism and
I Bright's Disease, which is the worst
| form of kidney trouble. It corrects in-
| ability to hold urine and smarting in
I passing it, and promptly overcomes
* that unpleasant necessity of being
compelled to get up many times during
the night.
The mild and the extraordinary effect
i of this great remedy is soon realized.
! It stands the highest for its wonderful
j cures. Sold by druggists, price fifty
i cents and one dollar. So universally
successful is Swamp-Root in quickly
j curing even the most distressing cases,
| that to Prove its wonderful merit you
i may have a sample bottle and a book
I of valuable information, both sent ab-
; solutely free by mail, upon receipt of
three two-cent stamps to cover cost of
| postage on the bottle. Mention the San
I Francisco Daily Call and send yourad-
j dress to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton,
! N. Y. This generous offer appearing in
' this paper is a guarantee of genuine-
' ness.
V SAILBOAD TRAVEL.
wdiukrn 'PACIFIC cowrAsrr.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)*
Train* Icktc .....I are •!••«• to »rrlw« as
nan nußcmw.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.) •
leave — Fbom January 1, 1898. — AWtiv»
~»6:00a Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... *_*:43a
: 7 :OOa Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento. . . lw:»«»A
- ?<ooa MarygTille. OroTlUeand Redding via
Woodland... •' **«»*
7:00 a. VacaTillo and Ruresey Ss«r
7:30 a Martinei!, SanKamon.ValleJo, l»aps,
Calistoga ami Santa Ro»a 2 : !? F
B>Ooa Atlantic iriMSSs. Og.len and Kaat.. »-i»r
Bi:tOA Nllcs, San Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Muv.vaville, Cnlco.
- . Tehama and Red Illuff .i : !» P
; •8:KOa retera, Milton ami Oakdale ».«sOr
U:OOa New Orleans Kxprecs, Merced, Ray-
mond, Fresno, BakerslioW. Santa
IJiirliara, l.os Aiikclcb, Deiuing.
El l'aso, New Orleans and East. •i4sf
0:90 a Yallcjo. Martinez. Merced and ,
Fresno..... • l»:l<Jr
•l:OOp Saoramonto Hiver Steamers 3???'
l:OOr NUcs. Ban Jose and Way Stations.. Jo:lsa
Ij3op Martinez and Way Station* 7:»or
*:OOp Livermore, Mendota, lianford and
Visalia 4:13 v
.:..... LlTermore, San Jose, NileaandWay
Stations.... : :iO«l3\.
4:«»«r Martinez, San lia.noii. Vallejo :
Napa, Culi»t.>Bii. Xl Vcrono and
Siiiitu. Uosa ••• »il»\
4i4»4»p Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Kniehts -Landing. MsrjSTille, ()ro-
villa aii.l.Sucrm.iei.to 1 2 : *2 A
4<*Or Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7tlsp
' 4iiiOp Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Bereada,
Fresno. Mcjave (for Randsburg),
Santa llarl.arn and 1.:; a Aucolos.. 7i43a
4i»Op Simta i'"o Kciita, Atlimtlo Kxpreu ' '
for Mojn»o ninl Kast «:4.1p
I «;.>:aep " Sunset Limited." Los Angeleß, El
Paso, Fort Worth, Little Kock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East si«:ls\
TOi3VP "Sunset Limited Annex." El Paso. _
New Orltanß and East JIO:13a
6:o<»r Kiiropcnn Mail, Os>l«n and Kast.... 9:4.< a
SiOOi- |I:iyivuriK. Nilfßuinl Han Jose T:l"i\
t«:OOr Vallojo 17:*3r
»:Olli- Oregon iOxiircMS, Sucrniiiento, Mnrys-
vlllo, Uetlill'iß, IV.rtlan.l. I'uget
' Honiiil ami i;imt. Sil-Ta
SAN LKAMMtO AMI IIAIIVAUUS LOCAL,
. (Foot of Market Street.) . .j
i ~T<TiOOaT ~ ( .X l *s*
S:OOa Jleln.sr. Seminary Park, 'JS 43a
lo'oOA Kltfliburg, Elmli-nit, iiiii>A
ill :00a San l^anilro. South Slu I VV4
1 tl2:00M I # ,»dro, EstiKlillo, {ajt.^
iii:V»b"p Lorenzo, Cherry i * I ! '*2 P
4:OOp . Jj:43i»
»:O«P and , O:1QF
7:»0p j £*!■■
■'OOP { Runs tlirongti to Niles. iSIkoS
n«mSp; tlrfoiaMilCB - i *&&
COAST DIVISION (Narrow ((au&e).
(Foot ot Market Street.)
' »-.ii;»A Noivarl;.CiMiUTvill«!,Smi. lose. Felton.
Creek, Cruz anil Way ■_ ■ m ■■■ •■
3tn.tioiiB • • ••••••
•Silßf Newark, CeuterFiile. San .lose, New
Alinailen, Feltou, ItonMer Creek.
Santa Cruz ami Principal W »J..._^
Stations.., "*•»»•*
4tli»r Newark, Sim .lose and Los G»tos ... 9:90k
♦I li43p Hunters' Excursion. SaD Jose and .-.-^
■ Way Stations :7:20i»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN mNCISCO— Foot or M»rk«t (Slip 8)-
•7:15- 9:00 11:00 A.M. }l:00 . *2:00 13:09
•1:00 tB:0O •6:00r.u: :
OAlUHD— Fo«l»rßr«idw»y.— "6K» 8:00 10:00*.
U2:00 *l:00 t8:00 *3:00 t4:00 "8:03 p.m.
COAST 111 VISION (Broad Uauge).
(Third and Townsend Sta.)
«i33a San ,Jo»« ami Way Stations (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) ••»»*
9t««A San ;los<). Tics I'inos, Mimtn Cruz,
Pacilic (;rove. Paso Itobles, San
Luis «)l>lspo, Quadalupe, Surf and
. Principal Way Stations .i s j_5 r
I»:4OA San .lose a..<l Wny Stations 2 : A
I1:3Oa San Jose ami Way Stations ....... «s33a
•3:3Ur San Mat><>, Redwood, Mtulo Park.
. Santa Clara, Wan Jose, Gilroy,
Hollister, Baata Cnw, Salinas,
Monterry ami I'nciiie Crovo *l« :4Oa
.•B:l3pSanJoseamllMncipalW»yStatons •»'«>_»*
• - •4*lSr Pan .lose an.l Principal Way Stations 9:-l3 \
• ■ •3<onp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 1 : iOr
- ft:Sl»r San .lose ami Principal Way Stations 3: >»<>!■
. 6::£«r San Jose ami Way Stations ~T.Y, r
I 'i11;43i» San Jose anil Way Stations.. <;«iwr
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sumiavs exceptetl. J Sundays only, t Saturdays oulf.
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only. .
% Mondays and Thursdays.
_ 8 Wednesdays and Saturdays.
|jii=a»lil CALIFORNIA
l^^uM^S^i-ls LIMITED.
fMiW^^Mi SAN FRANCISCO
Bli'_Hjilc__iSl rnAiiulob'J
iT__ "—' CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND v
V SATURDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but wlta.
I out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers,
! -!% days to Chicago. days to New York.
'" THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS :
leaves daily at 4:30 p. m.. carrying Fullmaa
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast time Direct connection in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry San Francisco ticket office. 644 Market
ttreet Chronicle building. Telephone Main
1620 Oakland office. 1118 Broadway. Saora-
mento office. 201 J street. San Joae, 7 Went
Banta Clara street.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
(VU Sausalitu Ferry).
Leave San Francisco, commencing Novem-
ber 13. 189T:
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., l:4o p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Bound trip from Mill Valley. $1.
THOU. COOK & SON. Agents. Ol Marks*
street. Ban Francisco.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
Silver lower.
Wheat firmer. Freights easy.
Barley advancing again.
More tone to Oats. Buckwheat higher.
Corn and Rye dull.
Hay In better tone. Bran lower.
Beans and Seeds steady.
Dried Peas lower.
No change In Flour.
Potatoes and Onions dull.
Vegetables continue to decline.
Poultry lower and more plentiful. Game
•low.
Butter lower again. Cheese and Eggs weak.
Fresh Fruits unchanged.
Citrus Fruits dull.
Dried Fruit? Hat
Provisions dull again. Hams weak.
Wool. Hides and Hops unchanged.
Mutton firm. Beet" steady. Hogs weak.
Merchandise quotations unaltered.
Exchange lower.
Increased coinage of the Mint.
COINAGE OF THE MINT.
The coinage of the local Mint for the first
two months of the calendar year compares as
follows :
1897. IS3S.
Double eacles 84.400.00q $7,220,000
836,000 140.000
Half eagles 145.000
Standard dollars MO. OOO I.OMXOOO
Half dollars 103.000
Quarter dollars 77.700 22.14S
1 19.094
Totals $5,711,734 $5,650,14S
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate maximum temperature
for the days: those underneath It. If any. th»
amount of rainfall, of melted snow In Inches
and hundredths during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and Is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" , usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high In the Interior .and low
along the coast, and the Isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is im
probable. With a "high" In the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these : conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
d2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, March 8, 5 p. m.
The following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
'■-.-. ■■ ■ Past This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.04 26.81 40.22
Red Bluff Trace 11.99 22.52
Sacramento Trace 8.54 15.37
San Francisco 0.08 7.45 20.67
Fresno 0.00 3.45 9.25
San Luis Obfspo 0.00 8.14 19.74
Los Angeles 0.02 4.20 16.08
San Diego Trace 3.38 10.91
Yuma 0.00 1.28 5.31
San Francisco temperature: Maximum. 60;
minimum, 62; mean, 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen over Southern Idaho,
Northern Utah and Northeastern Nevada. It
has fallen slowly over Arizona and Southern
and Central Colifornia.
The temperature has fallen decidedly over
Utah. Wyoming. Southern Idaho and east
ward to the Missouri Valley. •'
It has remained nearly stationary on the Pa
cific Slope.
The following maximum wind velocities are
recorded: Idaho Falls, 44 miles per hour from
the southwest; Lander, 34 west.
Light showers have occurred at San Fran
cisco and San Diego. ;
Colder weather Is likely to occur Wednes
day in Eastern California.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, March 9, 1898:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday, with
fog in the morning along the coast; cooler in
the great valleys and east;' northerly winds. .
Southern California— Wednesday;
colder In the eastern portion; westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday.
Utah— Fair Wednesday; warmer Wednesday
night.
Arizona — Cloudy Wednesday; colder.
San Francisco and vicinity — Wednes
day, with fog In the morning; light northerly,
changing to westerly wind.
Special report from Mt. Tamalpats, taken at
■ 5 p. — Clear; wind west, 12 miles per hour;
temperature. 54; maximum temperature, 6T,
heavy fog over the ocean.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
• NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, March B.— The tona of the
■tock market was much Improved to-day, as
compared with that of yesterday, the ground
for the greater confidence In values being the
apparent desire of the Spanish Government
to deprecate any Idea that they desire a rup
ture with the United States on their own In
itiative, or they sought to Irritate the United
States Government into assuming the offen
sive. The effect of this was clearly
defined In a sharp recovery in price of Spanish
fours, both in London and Paris. Americans
also were much steadier on the foreign ex
changes, but there »as nothing in the early
quotations from there to give a foretaste of
the sharp advances at the opening here. The
market was quite aggressively strong during
the whole of the earlier part of the day, but It
Is questionable whether this was due to any
large amount of buying for new accounts.
That the short Interest was largely Increased
yesterday was eusily to bo seen, and shrewd
professional manipulators were able to dis
cern that the market waa in an oversold con
dition. The better outloook In the relations be
tween Spain and the United States made the
shorts nervous, and there was something of
a scramble to cover at the opening. The man
ipulation for the rise was designed
to uncover bear margins. and the
keen demand at the advance proved the
maneuver to have been successful. It did
not require a very large advance to invite fur
ther liquidation, and the last hour saw prices
fall almost to last night's point. Covering by
belated shorts caused a slight stiffening again
in the final dealings. Outside of the profes
sional manipulation there was little doing in
the market. Some buying was reported for
London and Washington account. The con
tinued movement of cold. the easier tone of
money, yesterday's flurry being apparently
ended, a number of dividend announcements
and the statement that no bonds would be
made necessary by the proposed appropriation
of $60,000,000 for national defense were all fac
tors toward the more confident views of the
situation. Operations, nevertheless, were pur
sued with caution, and a disposition was ap
parent to adopt a waiting policy. Net gains,
except In a few of the specialties, were con
fined to fractions. The price of Northwestern
railway stocks were rather conspicuously
■trong In spite of the continuance of the trans
contnental rate war.
Bonds showed strength in sympathy with
stocks, but resisted the late weakness" In the
market, except Kansas Pacific consols, which
lost all of the earlier advance amounting to
nearly two points. Total sales, $3,430,000
L'nlted States fours registered were % lower,
»nd do coupons % lower bid to-day.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 352,100
shares. Including: 3400 Atrhlson. 7465 do pre
ferred, 3425 C. & O. 26.820 Hurllnpton. 8230
Louisville and Nashville, 24,175 Manhattan.
5f.62 Metropolitan Street Railway. 616fl Reading
r referred. 4340 Missouri Pacific, 11,000 New
ITork Central, &220 Northern Pacific, 17,660 do
preferred. 8328 Rock Island. 34.250 St. Paul. 4000
Southern preferred. 7000 Union - Pacific, 3700 U.
P. D. and G.. 7650 Tobacco, 5800 Chicago Oslo,
49,100 American Sugar, 4128 Western Union.
CLOSING STOCKS.
' Atchison ...: 11% St Paul 91%
I Do pref 26 Do pref Hohi.
I Baltimore & Ohio 17% St P& Om ... '70
(Canada Pacific .. SO** I Do pref 1*«
Canada Southern. 48 So Paciilc 16
Cent Pacific 12 * ISo Hallway T%
Ches & Ohio .... 13% Do pref ........ 17
: Chi & Alton 155 j Texas & Pacific. It 1
Chi B & Q 92% Union Pacific .... it
Chi & E 111 54% I' P I) & 0 8
C C C & St L.... 38%|Wabasn ... b*
■ Do pref 77 Do pref ls*i \
i Del & Hudson ... 109% Wheel & L E.... 1*
I Del L & \V ISOVi Do pref vH
■ Den & It G 12 I Express Companies-
Do pref 44 ij Adams Xx ... 101
| Erie (new) 12 1% ; American Ex 123
! Do Ist pref .... 35% United btats#; .... 41
!Ft Wayne IG9 Wells Farco 115
! Gt Nor pref .... 154 Miscellaneous—
Hocking Valley.. 6 A Cot Oil 1.
Illinois Cent 100 j Do pref 89%
: Lake Erie & W.. 13% Ama Spirits * |
Do pref 68 Do pref IBJ4
i Lake Shore 188 Am .Tobacco «IV*
! Louis & Nash.... 50% Do pref 112 j
I Manhattan L .... 101* People's Gas .... 91%
'Met St Ry 141 Cons Gas 18%
I Mich Cent 103% Com Cable Co .. 160
; Minn & St L 2ti% Col F & 1r0n.... 13
Do Ist pref .... 86 ; Do pref 78
Mo Pacific 25% Gen Electric 41%
• Mobile St Ohio .. 27%. Illinois Steel .... 45
Mo X & T -10% Laclede Gas ..... 41
i Do pref 34 Lead 30%
Chi Ind & L 7 .Do pref 103
Do pref 23 i>iat Lin Oil 15%
'' N J Central 91 Or Imp Co 25%
1 N T Central .... 112% Pacific Mail .... 25*4
NY Chi & St L.. 12% Pullman Pal ..... 174
Do Ist pref .... 63 jblver Cert 54
Do 2d prof .... 3m Sugar ..: 124%
Nor West 12% Do pref 11l
No Amer Co .... 6% T <_ & Iron 20
No Pacific 12% I U S Leather 6%
Do pref 60% Do pref :.. 60
| Ontario & W 14% U S Rubber 18%
Or R & Nay.... 45 Do pref 64
Or Short Line .. 2SV« West Union 85%
PiUsburg IS9 C & N W..... 119%
Heading IS% | Do pref 175%
Do Ist pref .... 40 St L * S W 4
Rock Island 84*4 Do pref 9
.St L & S F 6 f|iß G i 23
Do Ist. pref 66% I Do pref. 67
Do 2.i pref .... 2,* V Chi G W 10
St PM & M 130 Haw Com Co .... 30%
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 49 reg.. 121% N J C 5s 113
Do coup 122 !N Carolina 6s 123
C S 4s 109% Do 4s 103
Do coup 11l No Pac Ists 117
Do 2ds 98% i Do. 3s '. 59% :
U S 5s reg 11l | Do 4s ;.. 9494
Do 5s coup 11l NT C&St L 4s. 104
District 8. 60s 117 Nor &W 6s 125
Ala class A 108 ■ Northvrstrn cons. 142
Do B 107 i Do deb 5s 117% |
Do C I*l O Nay lsta 113
Do Currency ... li) O Nay 4s 94%
Atchison 4s 83% O S Line 6s tr.... 122
Do adj 4s 58 OS Line os tr.... 100%
Can So 2ds 107 O Imp Ists tr.... 10S
Chi Term 4s .' S3 j Do 5s tr 55%
C & Ohio 5s 115 Pacifio 6s of 95.. 103
C H & D 4%5.... 104% Reading 4s S2V 4 ;
D & R G Ists.... 110 R O W lsts 82
D & R G 4s 90 IS L & I M C 55.. 89% I
East Term Ists... 105 |S L & S F G 65.. 119
Erie Gen 4s 70% 3t P Con 140
FW & D Ists tr. 70 3t PC'• P Ists.. 121% I
Gen Elec as 101% Do as 116
GH& 8 A 65.... 104 So Ry 6s 90%
Do Zds 104 Stand R & T 6s. 56
H & T C 5s 112 IVnn new set 35.. 89
Do con 6s 105 T & P L G lsts.. 99
lowa C Ists 100 Do Rg 2ds 33Vi
Kan P Con tr.... 100% V P D & G Ists.. 54%
X Pac Ist DD tr. 131% Wab Ist 5s 106%
La new cons 4s .. 100 Do 2ds 77% s
L & N Uni 4s .... 85 vV Shore 4s 109
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries .... 69
MX & T 2ds 59% 1 Do deferred ... 4
Do 4s 88 Union Pac pref.. 50% ;
N V Central Ists. 110% ! Do 4s 90% j
MINING STOCKS.
ChoUar 25 Ontario . 250
Crown Point 13 Ophir 40
Con Cal & Va.... 70 Plymouth OS
Dead wood 60 Quicksilver 1 00 !
: Gould & Curry... 15 Do pref 200
'. Hale & Norcra... 130 Sierra Nevada ... 90
1 Homestake 39 00 Standard 150 1
Iron Silver 41 Union Con 30
Mexican 28 Yellow Jacket .... 20
BOSTON.
BOSTON. March B— Atchlson. 11%: Bell Tele
phone. 251: Burlington. 92H: Mexican Central.
6H: Oregon Short Line, 28»£; San Diego, :
Boston and Montana, 184^; Boston and Butte,
22H: Parrott. 23.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, March B.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram Bays:
The markets opened steady to-day on the
closing of the Consul-General Lee incident, but
soon gave way on further heavy forced liqui
dation, prior to the settlement, and on the
news of the Queen's slight indisposition. Con
sols at one time were quoted at 110%. There
was a general recovery at the close, led by
American support from New York. The differ
ences to be met at the settlements are very
heavy, however, and occasion anxiety. Mining
contangoos to-day were the same as at the last
settlement. There Is a small account, but the
tone of the market Is flat. There was good
buying of Americans this afternoon.
I am told in the best quarters that the issue
of the Chinese loan will not be delayed, bar
ring seriously political developments which are
not expected. It will probably be issued on
Saturday or early next week.
To-day's saUs of eagles by the Bank of Eng
land surprised the money market, which was
very firm. The ban raised the buying price of
French and German coin to 76s 6d.
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific, 84\e; Grand Trunk, 7%.
Bar silver, dull, 25Hd per .ounce. Money, 2%
per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. March B— FLOUR— Receipts.
j 29.1513; exports, 18,564 barrels. Neglected, but
I fairly steady; city mill patents, $5 SSig^ 10.
, WHEAT— j 152,625 bushels. Spot
firm. No. 2 red, $1 07% f. o. b. afloat to ar
rive; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 12% f. o. b.
"afloat to arrive. Options opened firm on higher
cables and European war news, and after a
mid-day decline under realizing finally rallied
and closed H'g'^c net higher. Late months
were strong on predictions of a cold wave
West, following rain. Export inquiry was
more active to-day. March, $1 06H@l 06%,
closed. $1 ofi%; : May, Jl OOV.igil 01 3-16, closed
$1 00%; July, 91 9-16(7j>y2,7-16c, closed 92»4c.
• WOOL — Quiet and steady.
HOPS— Quiet.
PETROLEUM— DuII, nominal.
METALS— The general • conditions In the
metal market were without Important change
to-day. At the close the Metal Exchange re
ported pigiron— warrants unchanged, with $6 75
bid and $6 85 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Strong; $11 87Vi bid and $12
asked. '-"■/
TlN— Unchanged: $14 25 bid and $14 35 asked.
SPELTER— $4 25 bid and $4 80
asked.
Unchanged; $3 80 hid and $3 87V4 asked.
The firm fixing the settling price for miners
and smelters quotes lead at *3 65.
COFFEE— Options closed barely steady, with
prices s@lo points net lower. Sales, 19.500 bags.
including March, $5 40; May, $5 45<S>5 50. Spot
coffee— Rio, easy; No. 7 Invoice and Jobbing,
6c: mild, steady: Cordova, B%«M.
SUGAR— steady; fair refining, 3%0; cen
trifugal, 96 test. 4V4c; refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, ■ 8714 packages; steady.
Eastern creamery, 15@20c; Elgin, 20c; factory,
ll<Slsc.
EGGS— Steady. State and Pennsylvania, 11®
11 Vie; Western, lie; Southern, ll®U%e.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. March B.— California dried
fruits. Apples — Steady; others quiet and
steady.. Evaporated apples, common, s@Bc;
prime wire' tray, BMj@B%c; wood dried prime,
BH®**%c; choice. B%@9c; fancy, 9Vi®loc.
Prunes— - ■
' Apricots— Royal, sH@7e; Moorpark, B%@loc.
Peaches— Unpeeled, &@9c; peeled, 12®lGc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. March B.— A well-defined bullish
sentiment was apparent at the opening in
■ Wheat. There was a drop in English consols,
i reflecting the apprehension of trouble between
! England and Russia, and Liverpool showed a
I substantial advance and reported that receipts
i of Wheat during the last three days had been
■ considerably below requirements. There was
; seemingly less prospect of trouble between the
| United States and Spain. Plenty of bearish
• statistical news waa at hand, but the crowd
■ was too bullish on the European situation to
pay any attention to this at first. With a good
; demand from shorts, July opened Vie higher at
j 90% c and advanced at once to 80% c. May
i opened Vi<ST%c higher at $1 05V4®1 05V4. The lat
! ter delivery, however, has almost failed to cx
i cite Interest. At 90% c for July offerings be
' came heavier, that being "call" price. There
was free selling against these privileges and
also a good deal of scattered realizing. This
i resulted in a gradual decline in July to 90% c.
A long period of dullness followed, with
! prices keeping within an exceptionally narrow
: range.
About the only Incident was the support
■ given May by Lelter brokers at $1 04, to which
I figure that delivery had declined. This buying
I prevented the market from getting below that
figure. Around the noon hour the market be
gan to show strength again. Bad reports as to
| the crop conditions In Missouri and Illinois
| carrie In. Buying of July by a house which has
• been a heavy seller lateiy became quite pro
' nounced, and as Lelter brokers were at the
j same time supporting May and September,
prices slowly recovered. The advance also re
i tulted in a considerable broadening of the
j trade, as shorts came into the market to pro
tect themselves. Predictions of a cold wave to
follow rain was Ignored early, but brought In
j some outside orders late In the session. July
advanced to JlVfc'gOlVic and left off at 91c. May
closed at $1 04% and September at SO^jc.
The feetlnc in Corn w&b quite steady all
J through the session, the revival of. the shipping.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 9, 1898.
i demand being the' principal factor. May closed
I ■ n@'Kc higher. ■ ;
Oats were slow and firm ; within a very nar
1 row range. May closed %c higher.
Provisions were weak most of the time. There
1 was considerable liquidation through commis
sion houses early In the day. but a little buy
1 ing near the close caused a better feeling, the
I market In a general way closing steady. May
pork closed 7%c lower. May lard unchanged and
May ribs unchanged. .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
.Articles— . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— " ;, -
March $102%
I May $1 05% $1 00% $104 104%
I July 90% Witt 80% 91
Corn No. — r ,'- .- :
May 30% 30% 30 30%
July 31% 31% 31% 21%/
September 32- 2 32% 32% 32%
Oats No. 2— • i
May 26% 27 26% IT ;
I July 24% 24% .24% 24%
. Mess Pork, per bl»l— ?> -•'.■•>
May 10 25 • 10 36 10 10 10 17%
July . a .10 32% 10 32% 10 IB 10 22%
Lard, per 100 His—
May 5 12% 615 510 5 12%
July 5 22% 5 22% 5 17% 520
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May ..6 10 5 15 6 05 5 10
July 515 6 17% 5 10, 515
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
dull; No. 2 Spring Wheat. Slft J2%c: No. 3
Spring Wheat. 1>7<@ 4.0 ; No. 2 red, $1 02%; No.
2 Corn, 29% c; No. 2 Oats. 26% c: No. 2 white, f.
o. b.. 29%<530c; No. 3 white, f. o. b., 28%<ft2<Hlc;
No. 2 Rye, 49% c: No. 2 Barley, f. o. b.. 34#43c;
No. 1 Flax Seed, $1 17: Prime Timothy Seed,
$2 95: Mess Pork, per barrel. $10 10@10 15; Lurd,
per 100 pounds, $5 07%<^5 10-; Short Ribs sides
(loose), $4 90S'5 25: Dry Salted Shoulders
(boxed), 4* t i?Jsc; Short Clear Sides (boxed>,
15 2f '..■;. 4."; Whisky, distillers' finished goods,
per gallon. $1 IS%. '
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 46.000 81.000
Wheat, bushels 92. 00 165.000
Corn, bushels 545.000 851.000
Oats, bushels - 405.000 242,000
Rye, bushels 18.000
Barley, bushels 63.000 81.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady: Creameries, 13fiM9%c: Dai
ries, ll@17c; Cheese, quiet, B<@>B%c; Eggs,
steady; Iresh, 10c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shlpmts.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 221,000 3f..210
Dulutn 13.093 2.029
Milwaukee 67,200 1.900
Chicago 92,371 16."..254
Toledo 21.950 2.100
St. Louis 1-..000 12.000
Detroit 17.346 14.323
Kansas City 26.000 40.000
Totals 463,900 273,816
Tidewater — .'
Boston' 21.027 '■......
New York 152.623
Philadelphia "13.483
Baltimore 31,404 176.662
New Orleans 112.000
Totals .218.539 255.662
PARIS FUTURES. »
Wheat— . March. May.
Opening .....61 50 59 35
Closing 6150 59 30
Flour —
Opening 23 56 27 50
Closing 23 60 27 35
. LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
March. May. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening ....7 10 1 -; 7 6« 7 '1% 6 6% 6 i'd
Closing .....7 10\ 75% 72% 67% 66%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, March S— The greater part of the
beef steers sold at $4 35^T5 Ifi, few going below
$4 10 or above $5 25. Ptockers and feeders, $43
4 50; calves, best grades, $5 75 < ?f6 50. Extra
choice cattle were very scarce. Fat cows and
heifers sold well and bulls were steady.
Hogs were s<ffloc lower. Bulk went for $3 80
©3 90; prime heavy. 84 OSifH 05; best light
weights brought $3 So and common light and in
ferior heavy $3 70.
Trade In sheep and lambs to-day was fairly
active. Common to choice flocks of sheep, $3 25
@4 50; fed Western, $4 20(fi4 JO; yearlings, »4 50@
a: inferior to prime lambs, $4 25@5 50. sales be
ing chiefly above $5.
Receipts— Cattle. 3000; hogs, 24,000; sheep. 15,
000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, March ?.— Cattle— Receipts, 8000;
market active, stronger; native beef steers,
$3 SO'Jo; -western streers, $3 60^4 60; cows and
heifers, $3fS4 25; etockers and feeders, $3 75$
4 85; bulla and stags, $2 40<Jf3 75.
HOGS— Receipts, G600; market 5c lower, closed
s<floc lower; heavy. $3 70@3 85; mixed. $3 75®
5 80; light, $3 7S<O3 SO; bulk of sales. $3 75@3 SO.
SHEEP— Receipts, S«00; market gteudy. Fair
to choice natives. S3 7504 75; fair to choice
Westerns, $3 60(g4 68; common and stock sheep,
$3£>3 90; lambs, $4 86Q8 3*.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, March B.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, S100; market quiet, early, closing active
and steady. Choice beeves, up to $5 35; com
mon, around 14; bulk. H BQOS 15; cows and heif
ers, $2 50<S4 40; stockers and feeders, $3 50(<i'5 '>."..
HOGS— Receipts, 12,100; market extremely
slow, largely 10c lower. Bulk of sales, $3 er.ijj!
3 85; heavies and packers, $3 80<S3 SO; medium
and mixed, $3 75(53 90; light, $3 50@3 80; pigs,
$3 30(5 3 CO.
SHEEP— Receipts, official. 3100; market
strong. Western fed muttons, $3 85@4 37'j|;
lambs, inferior Colorado, $4 75® 5 30; first Colo
rado spring lambs of season, $8 per cwt.
DENVER.
DENVER, March B.— CATTLE— Receipts. 200;
market steady. Beef steers, $3 50(g4 40; cows,
$2 50*33 90: stockers and feeders, $4@4 65; freight
paid to river; bulls and stags, $2<jf'3.
HOGS— Receipts. 500; market steady. Bulk
of sales, $3 80(93 85; light packers, $3 85; mixed,
$3 7503 SO: heavy, $3 65® 3 80.
SHEEP— No receipts.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, March The Journal of Com
merce says: There has been an unsettled feel
[ ing in spot market for prunes for several days
| owing, it Is reported, to Influences exerted by
I speculative operators. . Offerings of considera
ble quantities of sizes most wanted have been
made here within the past day or two by Chi
cago parties. It Is understood, at prices con
siderably below figures which local holders
are disposed to accept. Rumors current to-day
are to the effect that Chicago operators with
an ambition to corner the market, or at least
largely augment their supplies, having by
their purchase on the coast caused stronger
feeling and an upward tendency of prices
there, had come to New York with the Inten
tion of securing additional stocks here, and to
that end started out to further depress this
market by offering to shade spot quotations.
They were attracted to New York in the first
instance,. It Is said, by reason that this mar
ket for a long time past has been below pari
ty with California prices. All this, however,
is only market gossip, and no one seems ready
to confirm it. At the same time there has been
no positive denial of settling rumors so far as
we have been able to ascertain. If Chicago
operators have been trying to depress this
market with a view to picking up some bar
gains It would appear that they have had
their labor for their pains. Stock here, we
understand. Is concentrated \A . a few hands,
and holders, finding steady, ' fair demand for
both home consumers and export buyers, do
not feel at all disturbed regarding the future,
particularly as the most desirable sizes are re
ported to be getting into small compass both
here and on the coast, and telegraphic ad
vices from California Indicate a decidedly
stronger feeling among holders there.
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY. ■"•■'■■
NEW ■ YORK. March B.— Special cables and
telegraphic dispatches to Bradstreefs. . cover-
Ing the principal points of accumulation Indi
cate the following changes In available sup
plies last Saturday, ° as compared with the pre
ceding Saturday:
WHEAT— United States and Canada, east of
the Rocy Mountains, decrease, 1,542,000 bush
els; afloat for and In Europe, decrease, 900,000
bushels; world's supply, total decrease, 2,443,
000 bushels. ' -. . •
■ CORN— United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, increase, 319,000 bushels.
OATS— States and ; Canada, east of
the Rocky Mountains, decrease, 611,000 bushels.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. March B.— To-day" state
ment of the condition of the Treasury, shows:
Available cash balance. J224.735.678; gold re
serve, J168.542.035.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. March B.— Consols, 111%; Sliver,
25% d; French Rentes, 104.25. . .
LIVERPOOL. March Wheat, steady; No.
1 standard California Wheat,' 365; cargoes of
Walla Walla Wheat, -375; : cargoes off coast, j
buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on . passage, !
nominal, unchanged; English country markets, i
quiet; French country markets, steady; Liver- i
pool Wheat, No. 1 California, 7s lOVid; Wheat
In Paris, steady; Flour in Parts, steady.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 13-32.1.
PORTLAND S~BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, March Exchanges, $333,203
balances, $75,318.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
i PORTLAND, March B.— There Is a little bet
ter feeling In the wheat market due to the for
eign markets showing more signs of steadiness.'
Exporters • were paying 75 to 76c I for Walla
Walla, and some lots were reported sold at
higher figures. \* Valley and blue stem were
quiet at 77©78 c.
Cleared: British ship Rosa-shlre for Queens
town," 129,000' bushels of wheat. i: * :':rv\
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, March B.— WHEAT— No. 1 club, 74c •
No. 1 blue steal "a. [
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight ......... — ** 82V4
Sterling Exchange,' CO days — . 4So
Sterling Cables ■.■•- — * *°%
New York Exchange, sight — »
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 1.%
Fine Silver, per ounce — > :
Mexican Dollars"... ...'..-. — 46 .
- •WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS. •
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are dull and easy at
25a bid. • 278 6d : asked, usual options. ! The char
tered wheat fleet in port has a registered ton
nage of 28.340, against 14.000 tons on the game
date last year; disengaged. 20,300 tons, against
83,800; on the way to this port, 179,400 tons,
against 194,700.
Quotation* »re stronger all over
the world, and futures here are higher In con
sequence. Spot prices are firm but unchanged.
There in not much going on. •
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $140
for No. 1, .$1 42% for - choice and U 450 '•
1 47% per etl for extra choice for milling
Australian advice« report a yield of wheat in
the different colonies of 23.760,000 bushels; esti
mated consumption 21.000.000; peed. 3.500,000
bushels. Total, 84,500,000 bushels, showing an
estimated shortage of 750, 000 bushels. The fig
ures are in part made up from actual returns
and in part from estimate of acreage at.d
yield. . ■;-. fi
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:l3 o'clock— May— ls,ooo
ctls. $1 40. December-2000, $1 32%: 84.000. $1 33. I
Second Session— l4,ooo ctl». $1 33. ;
May— $1 40%; 2000, $1 40. I
Regular Morning Session— December— s2,ooo
ctls, $133; 76,000, $133%. May— 2ooo. $1 40%.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls, ■
$133%: 2000, $123%; 16,000, $1 83%; 2600, $133%. j
May— 2ooo, $1 40% '
BARLEY— Sonoma County trot about all the
rain that fell Monday, and the . market re
sponded by advancing all around.
Feed, 1 07%@i 10 for dark to good and $1 12%
for .choice; Brewing $1 17M:@1 20 for No. 1;
$1 12%@1 15 for dark Coast.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 4ooo ctls,
1104%; 12,000, $105; 2000. $105%; 2000, $10514;
MOO, $1 05%. December — 90c: 200. 9f.%c.
Second session— 2ooo ctls, $1 OG; 2000,
$106%; 14,000, $106% December,— 2ooo, $6c; 4000,
96% c; 12,000, 96<40.
. Regular morning session— May— ctls,
$106%; 4000. $107- 10 000, $107 l 4000, $108. De
cember—2ooo, SC%c; 8000, 97c; 2000, 97% c; 2000,
97% c. " --<v:.;- -■■:-.
Afternoon session-May 2000 ctls. $1 08%; 8000,
$107%; 6000, $107%.. December— Sooo, 97% c; 6000,
97% c; 2000. 97% c.
OATS— Dealers report rather more steadiness
at unchanged prices. The demand continues
slack. '•s'?; -
Fancy feed. $1 22%@1 25 per ctl: good to
choice. $1 17%5?1 22%: common. $1 12%©1 15:
Surprise, $1 2r,Wl SO; r-d. $1 35©1 45; gray, $1 15
01 17%; milling. $1 20.'ul 25; black, for seed,
tl 35©1 n. Clipped Oats sell at $I@2 per ton
over the raw product.
CORN— This market continues very dull at
the old prices. » •
Small round yellow $11001 12% per ctl: large
yellow. $1 Osis?i 07%; white. SI 05©l 07%.
RYE— Unchanged at $1 05@l 07% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is higher at $1 75&1 85 per
ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFF3.
The market remains as before.
FLOUR— Net cash j rices are: Family extras.
$4 KO4 65: Bakers" extras. $4 So@4 40 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $;; per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 50 per 100:
Rice Flour, $5 75; Cornmeal. $2 25: extra cream
do, $3: Oatmeal. $3 60; Oat Groats. $4; Hom
iny, $3 10@3 30: Buckwheat Flour. $4: Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina. $4 50; .hole Wheat
Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (bbls), $5 2505 65; In
packs, $5 06@5 45; Pearl Barley. $4: Split Peas,
$3 75; Green Peas. $4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay market showed rather firmer symp
toms, but buyers still held off and prices re
mained unchanged.
The only change in Feedstufts is a further de
cline In Bran.
BRAN— JWI6 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $IS@22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Killed Barley. $24 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. *2S 60029 50;
jobbing. $30; Cocoanut Cake, $21 50@22 50; Cot
tonseed Meal, $2S@3O per ton; Corn Meal, $23®
24: Cracked Corn, $23 50®24 50; Chopped Feed.
$17@1S.
HAY— (Ex-car In round Wheat. $17'!?
IS 50 per ton; Wheat and Oat, $16@17 50; Oat.
$14 50(iT16 50: Barley. $14<g15 50; compressed. $17
©19: Alfalfa, $10@ll: stock, $11@12; Clover.
$11 £o€l3.
STRAW— 3S@4Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans and Seeds remain unchanged and
quiet. White Beans continue in good demand.
Green Peas are dull and lower.
BEANS— {2 90@3; , Small Whites,
$1 55#1 65; Large Whites. $1 55®1 65: Pinks,
$2 6001 65: Reds. tH* 25: r.fackeye. •$2 40@2 50;
Butters. |140^t89: i Limas.'- S2 lft®2 15: ■ Pea.
$1 -»o@l 50; Tied Kidneys. $2 25@2 50 per ctl. '
LEEDS- Brown }' -r»rd. $2 75 ©3 per ctl bel
low Mustard. J2®2 50; Flax, $2 35: Canary Seed.
3V4@2«ic per If,; Alfalfa, 3©6 c; Rape. ?(g2\c:
Hemp, 3c; Timothy, 5%c. ' • ■
DRIED PEAS— $1400165; Green, $160
190 per ctl. . : ■-
POTATOES. ONIONS.; VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions are dull and unchanged.
The summer vegetables continue to decline
under stadlly increasing receipts. Mushrooms
glut the market.
Mexican Tomatoes, $1 per box.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 65@75c; River Reds,
50@60c; River Burbanks, 55@65c per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, 70@90c; Salinas Burbanks,
Voc4i'sl 10; Petaluma Burbanks, 50@65c; Sweet
Potatoes. 25@r.0c per ctl for Rivers and 6r>c?m
for Merced; new Volunteer Potatoes, 3@3Hc
per lb.
ONIONS-I2 40©2 50 per ctl: Oregon, $2 65®
2 S5; cut Onions. $2<5?2 25 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 190 boxes As
paragus, 247 boxes Rhubarb and 137 sks Peas.
Asparagus, 9^loc per lb for fancy, 6»jßc
for No. 1 and 4(fTsc for No. 2: Rhubarb, $1
150 per box: Alameda Green Peas. 3'(i4c per
lb; Mushrooms, s©loc; Marrowfat Squash, $25
®>30 per ton; Dried Peppers, 6@7c per lb: Dried
Okra. 15c; Cabbage. CO@7sc per ctl: Carrots. 25
(gROc per sack; Garlic. 3(g4Uc per lb.
Los Angeles Green Peas, ; String Beans,
; Tomatoes, ; Green Peppers, ;
per lb; Summer Squash, ;: Egg Plant. ;
per lb: Hothouse Cucumbers. SOcflfl per dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated, 16®18c; granulated raw,
13c: Onions, 60c: Carrots, old, 13c; new, ISc;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c: turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c: Tomatoes. 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two cars of Eastern sold at ll®l3c for Tur
keys, $5 for Ducks, $5 50<S6 for Hens, $7 for
young Roosters, $4 GO for old Roosters and $6 50
for Fryers.
Local stock was rather lower. In consequence
of the liberal receipts from the East.
Game continues dull. !•<■;-/
POULTRY— Live Turkeys." ll@l2c for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens; dressed Turkeys,
13<gl5c per If.; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 73: Gos
lings, $2 25i02 50; Ducks, $4{7?5 for old and $6 50@
7 60 for young; Hens, $4<ffis: Roosters, young,
$7@7 50; Roosters, old, $4©4 50: Fryers. $6<gtf 50:
Broilers. $5 SCK§6 for large and $3 60(5)4 GO for
j email: Pigeons, $2<g!2 25 per dozen for young
and $l(f?l 25 for old. .'
GAME— Gray Geese, $1 50: White. 50c: Brant.
75c; Honkers, $2 60; Hare, f>o(«7. r >c: Rabbits, $I*9!
125 for Cottontails and $1 for small; English
Snipe, $2@2 50; Jack Snipe, ?I@l 25 per dozen.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND F.GGS.
Eggs are no lower, but receipts are fully as
heavy as ever before at this season, and the
market is easy.
Cheese is w«>ak.
Butter has again declined and Is very weak,
with large stocks.
BUTTER— . --.'.:-
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 18@18Hc; sec
onds, 16#17c. ■-. .
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 15»4@16c; second
grades, 14%@15c per lb.
Eastern Butter— Creamery, 16@17c; ladle
packed. 14@15c per lb. -
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9*4@loc; common
to good, B(§>9c; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young
America, 10@llc; Western, ll(&U'c; Eastern. 12&
@13% c per Ib. ' '.:;V:.:'. - -.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. ll@l2c per dozen; store
Eggs, 10@10He. ; "■;,' : ?':=
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Stocks of Oranges are steadily shrinking, but
the market is . lifeless. Lemons are plentiful
and hard to work off. Limes continue In light
«upply. .
There Is no scarcity of Apples.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. 40(gr,0c per box for common. 55@90c
for good to choice and $I^l 25 for fancy. •
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel • Oranges. $1 60@
3; Seedlings, 7Sc@sl 50: Mandarins, $I@l 25 for
large and 50$ Tic for small boxes; .Japanese
Mandarins, $I@l 60; Grape Fruit, $1 50@3
per box; Lemons. 75c@$l for common and
SI 25@1 75 for good to choice; Mexican j Limes,
$5 50©6; California Limes, in small boxes, Jigi
1 25; Bananas, $1 2532 25 per bunch; Pine
apples, $3@4 per dozen. ; . ■
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
. The market for everything quoted Is flat and
depressed. Stocks of Peaches still on hand in
the State are about 250 cars, of Prunes about
500 cars and of apricots 75 cars. .-■•:.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, ' carload \ lots, 4>4<g
4%c for 40-50' s. ! 3%<3*hic for 50-60' S'4@3%c
for 00-70-s. 2%@3V«c f0r,70-So's. 2>4@2\c for 80
90's, 1%@2>40 for 90-iOO"»;- Peaches, "!2V4@4c;
fancy. 4&@6c; peeled. 10®12Vic; Apricots, »<»Sc;
for Royals and 7@7'i4c for good to *ancy. Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples. 6r\@7\4c; sun-drled,'
4@sc; black Figs, \ In ; sacks. 2@2>4c; Plums,'
4y><34%ic for pitted and l@lHc for unpltted;
bleached Plums,' &<@5 1 -ic; -- Nectarines. 7 4®3c for
prime to ; fancy; Pears, 2%@4%c • for ; quarters
and 3<S'sM>c for ; halves, accord in* to color, ' etc.
RAISINS— U4@2c for two-crown, 3c for three
crown, 3%c ' for four-crown. 4M»c '.■ for Seedless
Sultanas, 2?ic for Seedless Muscatels and $1(3
1 10 for London layers; dried grapes, 2V-c
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable ai 8c 'ncr
tt»; Walnuts. s@6c for hardshell and 6«7>7c for
softshell; Almonds. .2%@3> / 4cfor hardshell, s@6c
I for softshell and 7@Bc for paper-shell -.Peanuts.
<@o%c for Eastern, and 4'V.c for California^
Pecans, 6H@Sc: Filberts. S%@loc; Brazil Nuts'
&(g'9c per It): Cocoanuts. $4 50@5 per 100 '
HONEY— New Comb, S@loc for bright 'and 50
7c for lower grades: new water white extract
ed. 4».i@se;, light amber extracted. 3iii4i*;~
per Tb. — . *" **i
, BEESWAX— per to. . ;
PROVISIONS.
The demand for all kinds has suddenly fallen
off and dealers are now quoting a dull market
| again. Hams are weak, and some dealers are
I cutting to effect sale?.
CURED -'MEATS— Bacon,. 9V£c per lb for
heavy, >%c for light medium. lO&c for light
Uc for extra light and 12Vic for sugar-cured'-
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 10%@nc; Califor
nia Hams. 10c: Mess Beef. $9 per bbl- »vt™
mess, do, $10; family do. $11©12; Salt Pork
j $9; extra prime Pork. $1»; extra Hear IIS
i mess. $16; Smoked Beef. U@l2c per lb
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at s%'c Der lh
for compound and 7c for pure- r>al!« 7& r ■
• California tierces, 5V,c per lb for compound
and 6 7^c: for pure: half-barrels. 6* 4 c- 10-lb
tinsr. 7' c; do 5-lb. Be.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6«,<r?6^ c - p nc k<tees
less than SfO itr.s-i-ib pails. 60 in a case S'ic'
8-Ib pails, » in a case. S^c: B-» paUs _ j, In a
case, Bi,ic; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case, BHc- GO-lt)
tins, one or two In a case, 7%c: wooden'buck
18 .'. 20 rbs nn t T> 7%c; fancy tubs 80 >» net. 7Hc
half-bbls. about 110 lbs. 7V4c per It>.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
All kinds remain as previously quoted, with
a quiet market as a rule.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
1<- under sound slock. Heavy Kited steers.
lOJic; medium. 9Ujc; light. 9c; Cowhides,
»Vvs>c; stags, 6c: salted Kip, 10c- Calf
lie; dry Hides, 17@17>4c; culls and brands, uw
@14c; dry Kip and Veal, UOISc; dry Calf, isr3
Me; culls. lG@l7c; Goatskins. 30@37%c each;
Kids, s©loc; Deerskins, good summer, 26@30<j
per !t>; medium, 20c; winter. 10c; Sheepskins,
ahearllnta. 20(&30c each; short wool. 40@70c
each; medium, 70@i)0c; long wools, 90c I 30
each.
« TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3®3V4c per lb; No.
'. 'W^vic; refined. sc; Grease. 2'?f2 l i4c
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquln. defective, 1& I
9c: Southern Mountain. Mi'llo; free Northern. 12
<&13c; do defective, 9@llc per lb.
, n HOPS— crop. 2@"oc for poor to fair and S©
10c for good; new crop. ll®l4c per lb.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Mutton Is stiff at the advance. Beef rules
steady. Hogs are weak, with rather larger
receipts.
i Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
: Flnuphterers are as follows:
; BEEF— First quality. 6^@7e; second do. 5&0
6c: third do. 4<(,r,c per !b. - - ■ ■ ■
i YEAI — Large, 6f;6V;c; small, 7(?7:Sc per lb.
MI TTON— Wethers, 10c; Ewes, 9@9»4c per lb.
LAMP- Spring:. 12U-@lsc per lb.
I PORK— Live Hops, 44c for large. 4Vi@4%c
j for small and 4%®4% for medium; stock Hogs.
; B@3'/4c; dressed Hogs. 6<3>7c per lb. -;■*-
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentln, $5 30.
COAL — Wellington, $10 per ton; New Wel-
I lington, $10; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
I Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $9; Scotch, $10; Cumber
, land. $10 in bulk and in an In sacks;' Pennsyl
vania Anthracite Egg, $15; Cannel. $10 per ton:
', Rock Springs. Castle Gate and Pleasant' Va
lley, $7 60; Coke. $12 per ton In bulk and $14 In
sacks. , . ' . . ■■■;. '...
CORDAGE— Prices are as follows: Manila—
Hi-lnch, 7*ic; 12-thread. B%c; 6 and 9 thread,
S\c; bale rope, 7%<gS',4c. Sisal— lVi-inch, 6»ic;
i 12-thread, 7>4c; 6 and 9 thread, ~\c; bale rope,
! t%91%c - , .-,-...;- =
I CANNED FRUITS— BIack Cherries quotable
'at $1 25@1 50: White Cherries. $1250175;
[ Peaches and Pears, 90c<i?*l 10; Apricots, 6O'fi)9Oc.
CANNED VEGETAI .ES— Peas, 70c@$l 25;
Tomatoes. 75c.
COFFEE—
We quote Costa Rica, 17<317%c for prime
washed; 14H@13c for good washed; 17M>@18c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 16&@17c for
pood peaberry; H!tH6c for good to prime;
12@12'^c for good current mixed with black
beans; 9%@13c for fair: o>4@Sc for common to
ordlna'ry. • Salvador, 145?15c for good to prime
washed; 12@13',4c for fair washed; 15@16V&c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 9\6@loc nomi
nal for superior unwashed; S.@BVic for . good
green unwashed; 12®12 l for good to prime
unwashed peaberry. Nicaragua. B©loc for good
to superior unwashed; 12@12 1 / ic for good un
washed peaberry. Guatemala and Mexican,
16-Vn"lS%c for prime to fancy washed; 14@16c
for good to strictly good washed: 12@13V£ for
fair washed; 7fjlOc for medium; s<§6»4c for
common to ordinary: lfiH^l&c for good to
prime washed peaberry: 12@12%c for good un
washed peaberry; SVi^lOc for good to superior
unwashed. ■ .' ■ -
PACIFIC CODFISH— per lb. 3%c:
cases, selected, per lb, 4 1 >ic; .cases, imitation
| Eastern, per lb, ' 4%c; boneless, per lb, sc;
strips. Norway, per lb. : si»ic: strips. Narrow
Gauge, per lb. s\c; strips. Silver-King, per lb,
6Vi'c; blocks, Clipper, per. lb, sc; blocks, Ori
ental, per lb'. s»ic; blocks. Seabrlght. per lb.
6%c; tablets. Crown Brand, per lb. 7y;c: mid
dles. Golden State, per lb, 8%«; middles. Whit*.
Soul, per doz. SVic; desiccated. Gilt Edge, per
doz, SOc: pickled cod. barrels, each. $3: pickled
cod, half barrels,', each,': $4 50.
OlL— California Castor Oil, cases, No. 1, 95c;
bbls. 90c per gal (manufacturers' rates); Lin
seed ' Oil, in bbls, boiled, 53c; do raw, 51c;
cages, 5c more; Lard Oil. extra winter strained,
bblß. 65c: No. 1, ■ 45c; ■cases. 5c more: Ch'na I
Nut. 47@5Sc per gal; Neatsfoot Oil, bbls, 60c;
cases. 65c; No. 1. bbls. BOc; cases, 55c: Sperm,
crude. 60c: natural white, SOc; bleached do, Ssc;
Whale Oil. natural white. 40c; bleached do. 45c;
Pacific Rubber mixed Paints, white and house
colors, $1 25@1 35 per gallon; wagon colors, $2®
2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal Oil, In bulk, . ll'-ic
per gal.: Pearl Oil. In crises, 17c; Astral do,
17c; Star do, 17c: Extra Star do. 21c: Elaine
do, 22c; Eocene do, 19c; Deodorized Stove Gaso
line, in bulk. 12c; do in cases, 174 c; 63 degree
Naphtha. In bulk. HHc: do in cases. 16% c: S6
degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; do In cases 25c.
WHITE LEAP— Quoted at «?!S7c per Ib/Hj^fl
TURPENTINE— In cases, 37c: in iron barrels,
52c; In wooden bbls, 54c per gallon.
LUCOL— Boiled, bbls, 43c; do cases, 43c; raw,
bills. 41<v do pbikks. 4f> per gallon.
CANDLES— Standard OH Company quotes:
Electric Light. 6s. 16 oz., 7M.c; 14 oz., He; 12
02., s>4c; 10 oz, 4M.C. Parafflne Wax Candles-
Is. 2s. 4s, 6s and 12s. white, 7%c: colored. S%c.
LEATHER— Harness, heavy, 30«t>36c • per lb;
do medium, 2Sc; do light, 26@27c; rough,
medium. 2Sc: do light, 26@27c; rough
Leather, 22(i?23c; Kips, $40@45 per dozen; Calf.
90c(g$l per lb; rough splits, 7@Sc; belt-knife
splits, 10@12c; Collar Leather, black, 10@12c
per foot: do russet. 10@12c; Skirting Leather,
30<3"35c per lb. "
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refinery - Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6%c: Powdered, 6%c; Dry.
Granulated, 6%c: Confectioners' : A. 6%c: Mag
nolia A. 5%c: Extra C. 5%c; Golden C. 5Hc:
Candy Granulated. 5%c: California A. 5%c per
lb; half barrels >£c more than barrels, and
boxes %c more. "■ '"'■•-/
WOOD- LUMBER, ETC.
Posts. StfflOa each for No. 1 and sH@6c for
No. 2; Redwood. $5 per cord; Oak, rough,
»6 GO; peeled, »9; Pine, $5 75.
LUMBER— Retail prices are nominally as
follows: Pine, ordinary sizes, $11@14 for No. 1
and $9 50@ll for No. 2, extra sizes higher. Red
wood— $14@17 for No. 1 and $U@l2 50 for No. 2;
Lath, 4 feet. $1 70@l 80; Pickets, $16; Shingles.
$1 20 for common and $2 25 foV fancy; Rustic,
$19<g>21; Shakes. $8.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, March 8.
Flour, qr sks ... 11. 192 I Hops, bales 37
Wheat, ctls 4.000 Wool, bales 50
Barley, ctls 615 ' Quicksilver, flsk. 60
Butter, ctls 22: i Eggs, doz 21, 31*0
Cheese, ctle 76;Wlne, gals 77,300
Beans, sks 300, Lime, bhls SI
Potatoes, sks ... 2.oS3 : Leather, rolls ... 120
Onions, sks l.'O Hides, no 453
Middlings, sks .. 450 j Powder, hf-cs .. 100
Hay, tons 2161
OREGON.
Flmir. qr sks ... 7.010 Onions, sks 345
W t, ctls 2.580 Bran, sks 711
02~ ctls 700 Middlings, sks .. 250
Pij<..toeß. sks ... 4.213 IShorts. sks 4,720
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 12.7808 ran. sks 450
Wheat, ctls 6,880 Shorts, sks 800
Barley, ctls 910 Buckwheat, otls. 55
Oats, ctls 2,145
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 600 1 ,
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were steady, with no material
change In prices. • 
Best & Belcher Is assessed 20 cents and Con
solidated California and Virginia 23 cents.
On the Bond Exchange business was brisk
In the morning, but quieted down considerably
In the afternoon. ',
Dividend No. 102 of 10 cents per share has
been declared on the stock of the Pacific Vine
gar and Pickle Works, payable March 14. >
The annual meeting of , the • Potosi Mining
Company will be held to-day.
The • annual meetings of the stockholders of
the Hale & Norcross Mining -Company called
by the Grayson and Fox Boards of Directors
will be held to-day.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE,
TUESDAY. March B—2 p. m. •
Bid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
U■ S Bonds— --•: Oakland Gas.. 49 —
4s quar c0up. .112 113*4 I'ac Gas Imp.. 91 »4 91%
4s quar reg..U2% — , Pac L C 0..... 54V4 —
48 quar new... 125 — SF G & E.... 91 —
. Miscellaneous—- . an Fran .....* 3% —
Cal-st Cab ss.lK>H — Stock Ga5..... 10 —
Cal El 6s .....126% — Insurance—
C C Wat C5...102Vs — Firem's Fund. l9s —
Dup-st ex c — &Ste ' Bank Stocks— :
E L, &'P-65..123%123 Anglo-Cal .... G3 . 70
F&Ch Rv 6s. — 117 i Bank of Ca1..2« —
Geary-st II ss. — 102 " Lai S D ; &T.. 100&105 :
HC & S 6H..105 — First Nat ....200 —
L A Li Co 65.. — 100 ' Lon P & A... 120 — :
Do gntd : 65.. 110 10U4 Mer Exchngs.. — 15
Market-5t.i65..126%128 Xcv Nat 8...155 —
Do Ist M ss. — 114 Savings Banks-
Nat Yin 6s Ist — 100 s Ger ; S & L..1623 1665
N C Kgfty 78.102 — Hum 8 & L..1050 1160
. . - --- "■ ■ -■.-■;'- ...■.■! ■;:■ ■■" . v ■■'-•-' - : ' .-■:■"-'..". ---':•■■. •'
, NRy Cal es.-lll^ — Mutual Say. 35 f 40
' N RyCal 55.; 102»4103% S F Say U.. 480 495
XPC R R 65. 104% — . S& L, 50.... — 100
1 N PC Ry 05.100% — Security S B 250 —
; X Cal R 55.. — — Union T Co.lolo —
■ Oak Gas 55... 104 — Street Railroad—
: Do 2d is 55. .111 •— ' California ....10$%110
' Om Ry 65.....127%130 Geary 40 —
1 P & O 65... 110 — ; Mnrket-st .... SO-% —
I;P& Ch Ry 65. 108% — Presidio 484 8 —
■ i Powell -Bt 6s .. — 120 Powder—
: Reno WL.&L..100 — California ...: — —
'.■ Sac Elecßyss. — 100 H Dynamite ..SO 90
S F & X P 55.106V.107U Giant Con Co 43% 43%
SPOf Ar C 5..104 — Visrorit ........ 3% 3" s
.-■ P Cal 85.... — 113 Miscellaneous—
SPC-ls c« 55.. — '.<(**. AT Pac Assn.. 9S 99
, S-P Br 65.....112UH2?i Ger Ld Wits.. 150
j S V "Wat 65...11:< HSU Hana P C 0... 20 —
■ S V Wat 45...102T» — HC & S .29-* 30Vi
Stock Gas 65.. — 103^4 Hutch S P Co. 43% 44
Water — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
■ Contra Costa.. — 65 • Net Vln C 0... — ~7%
Mam Co 50 — Oceanic S Co. " 5S
Spring Val .....lOIHIOIU Pac A F L... l : i —
Gas & Electric— ■■ Pac Bor C 0... 98% —
Cent Gaslight. 98% — Par Paint Co. 7 —
MEL Co 13% -
MORNING SESSION.
4 4-5 Giant Powder Con 43 00
175 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 30 75
5 do do 30 874
160 Hutchlr.son S P C 0.... 44 00
75 do do 44 12£
75 do do ■ '...' 44 23
10 Oakland Gas 50 00
10 do do 49 25
20 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 00
10 do do :.;'. 57 50
20 do do ' 57 75
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 90 75
60 do do 90 87%
50 do do 91 00
I 160 Spring Valley Water 100 75
20 do do 101 00
$7000 Spring Valley 4? Bonds 103 00
JIOOOS P of A Bonds 104 00
Street—
$10,000 Powell-Ftreet R R 6s Bonds 117 75
. .; r ; , AFTERNOON SESSION.
30 Giant Powder Con 43 50
30 Hawaiian Commercial & 5ugar....... 30 75
175 do do 30 62% !
65 Pacific Gas Imp 9125
60 S F Gas & Electric C 0... 9100
20 Spring Valley Water 101 12%.
40 do do 101 25
100 Viporlt Powder... 3 75
.. Street— :: •;■ •■ . Vi':.Vj- :■•..»'.* :T :-:
. 10 S F Gas & Electric Co 9100
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session— lo:3o.
100 Hutchlnson S P C 0..... ' 44 25
25 Hawaiian C & S Co 3100
10 Alaska Packers' Association 98 00
50 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 00
25 do do • 67 12%
Afternoon Session.
40 Giant Powder 43 25
$400" Spring Valley Water 4s 103 00
35 Hawaiian C & S Co 3100
10 do do b 60 3125
100 do do b 30 31 25
• 30 Market-street 54 00
20 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 62%
Street—
50 Mutual Electric 14 25
50 do dc 14 37%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
WO Chollar 35 I too Potosi 36
100 Con Cal & Va.. 77 1200 Sierra Nevada.. 96
100 Ophlr 44 1
Afternoon Session.
JOOAlta 16 !00 Gould & Curry.. 18
200 Belcher 24 >ijO Overman 12
Vid Con Cal & Va.. 78 '■ 50 Sierra Nevada. .100
JSO 77 ; 200 Standard 165
45 76 |100 Yellow Jacket .. 2o
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Alpha _. 08 ' 500 Overman 11
1200 Alta 151700 Potosi 36
3W Andes 0V i 2f»o 37
300 Best & Belcher 31 700 37U
500 Chollar 35! 200 3S
2.0 37 I 200 Sierra Nevada.. 96
400 Con Cal & Va.. 76 1 200 98
300 77 400 Union Con 32
i 3»0 78 i 200 33
; 300 Confidence 66 '• 500 Utah ... 10
! 200 Hale & Nrcrs.l 47V* : 200 Yellow Jacket .. 24
300 Ophlr 45!
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 15 400 Mexican 30
700 Andes 10 200 Overman 11
260 Belcher 24 300 Potosi 38
1200 25 300 37
200 Best & Belcher. 32 600 Savage 24
500 Caledonia 30 500 S B & M 04
300 Chollar 36 IMM Sierra Nevada. .1 00
i 200 Con Cal & Va.. "PllOO 102%
i 300 SO ! 200 Standard 165
I 6ftO Crown Point ... 14 700 Union Con 34
; 800 Half & Norcrs..l 50 1 500 Utah 10
M 0 1 47 1 . 2 I COO Yellow Jacket... 25
$00 'Centuck 03,200 27
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. March B—4 p. m.
Alpha 08 OPlJuetice — 30
Alta 15 16|Kentuck 02 03
Andes 09 10: Lady Wash — 03
I Belcher 25 27 Mexican 30 31
Best & Belcher 32 33 Occidental ....155 —
Bullion 08 09 Ophlr 44 45
Caledonia 2S 30 Overman ... 11 12
Chollar 36 37!PotoBl 35 36
Con Cal & Va. 78 79 > Savage 22 24
Challenge 26 29 I Seg Belcher ..04 05
! Confidence 67 70 1 Scorpion — 06
I Con Imperial .. — 01 1 Sierra Nevada. l 00 105
I -Crown Point .. 13 14! Silver Hill .... — 02
I Con New York. — 03 1 Syndicate 01 05
j Eureka — 25JStandard 165 170
Exchequer 04 05! Union Con 34 35
Gould & Curry- 17 IS Utah 10 11
Hale & Norcrs.l 45 150 I Yellow Jacket. 2G 2S
j Julia 01 02!
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Lawler, Sonoma J Coleman, Vallejo
J Brown. C'alistoga C Cowan & f. lowa
G F Leonard. S Barb J A Jones, L Ang
W E Cahill, Monterey J Watson, Napa
G M Hansen, S Jose P B Johnson, Minn
J C Roberta, Petaluma Mrs Starblrd, Sacto
M J Walker, Portland P V Fennelly. N V
P King. Byron Springs! M Keith, L Gatos
C Belmont, Vancouverlß Smith, St. Helena
J Smith, Vallejo P O'Brien, Stockton
C M Benson, S Rosa
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Dr Livingston. S Jose.H A Marckres. S Jose
M E Harris. Oakland R D Simpson, L Ang
M Abrams. Hanford W M Wheeler, Butte
J J Lonegan. L Ang . A Conn. Red Bluff
H Ogden, Chicago E H Quinnby. Kan C
Mr Milton, Sausalito F H Carroll, Omaha
E M Lynch. Cal M F Woolf. N V
E F Samuel, Portland J M Stitson, N J
C S Samuel, Portland E B Nelson. Cleveland
H A Rosenberg. Cal J Stoekle Jr, Cal
R P Quinn, Watsonvl L Sickles. Oakland
M C Burnett, Chicago jH G Church, Chicago
W F Purnell, Sacto C Burnett, Cleveland
W R Rankin, L Gatos I C Mill, Colusa
PALACE HOTEL.
S Matlock, L Ang T E Glbbon&w. L Ang
J Blftar, NT R B El!ison&w. Phila
F X Wilson. Butte Mrs Walbaum, Phlla
H C Lucas, Japan Mrs Palmer, N V
J R Mitchell. H C Miss Palmer, N V
C Schmidt. NY S AVilllamßon. Belfast
J P Smith. R I J C Twohy, Mont
A X Kenyon, NY D W Twohy, Mont
Mrs Rinerot, Boston Mrs Shorb, S Gabriel
Miss Ringot, Boston L Perfin. Baltimore
C A Morris, Troy H W Baker&w, Kan C
N Thompson. Salt L T S Phelps Jr. US N
J B Brown & w, Oakld'E P Sawyer & w. Wis
H H Pitcher, Llvermre P H Sawyer & w Wis
X W Root, Denver Mrs Chase & C. Wis
A W McDonald & w, G W Gates & w, Wis
Plttsburg Miss Ada Gates. Wis
J L O Bevoise, Portld H B Taylor & w. Wis
C! B Cox. Hartford Miss Kimball, Boston
G W Helntz. Salt L H Ackerman&w, Okld
J G Beemer, Yonkers F T Baker, Canada
Mrs Beemer, Yonkprs L J Kil'.ian, Boston
Miss Beemer, Yonkers J' Chisholm, Chicago
GRAND HOTEL.
A G Campbell. Cal B Matthews. Salinas
D Holllfter, Courtland P Simmons, Colo
W J Smith, Courtland Mrs Robtnson&d, Stkn
J E Becker, L Angeles G T Ditzer, Biggs
J D Miller, Denver L W Bushard. Sn Jose
C J Lincoln. Sta Cniz W Moir. San Jose
Miss Lincoln, Sta Cruz I R Hebhorn, Salinas
S Korn. Chlco E C Fisher&w, Merced
C Nelson, Sacto L H Mclntosh, Chino
S M Spurrier, Stktn T Perry & w, Antlooh
F Parker. Sacto |H W Earle. Stockton
R P Mac Donald. Oak iA Manasse, Napa
B T Blankship. Oil CtyiT Rutledge, Colusa
H C Hall &w. Wis JW Hde Valln. S Rafl
G W Dean. Portage jT J Lang, Grldley
T S S Jerome. MD.LA E E Hart. Saeto
P L Flannigan, Nev S E Heath. Racine
J J Morris & w. Colusa J C'ann. 17 S N
J C Phipp. Yuba City R B Oullahan. Stktn
Mrs Ida F Lee. Yuba G M Pock. Stockton
Dr A B Gordon. Cal LH X Steihl. Sacto
D G Smith. Cal IO E Housken. Stocktn
W M Tiernon&w. WVa J A Mackins&w, Mercd
J J Hebbon. Salinas
It is estimated that twenty-two acres
of land is necessary to sustain one man
on fresh meat. The same space of land
if devoted to wheat culture would feed
forty-two people; if to oats, 88; pota
toes, Indian corn and rice, 176, and if
to the plantain or bread fruit tree, over
6000 people.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographies
Of flee, located In . the Merchants' Exchange, Ila
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard . to nationality and
free of expense. - r , , .
Navigators . are cordially Invited to visit th»
office, where complete sets of charts ano sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, -dangers to navigation and all matter*
of Interest to <v<au commerce. -
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon • and ; is dropped •at noon, •: 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal . received each day from
the- United States Naval Observatory at Mar*
Island, Cal. -„•• . • ■:■:•■
-: A notice , stating whether the time ball ■ was
dropped on time or giving the error,; X any. Is
published -' the - same day - by the • -'■ afternoon
papers, and by the morning papers the follow
ing day. i ■-■-" W. 8. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. la ensrga.
THE CALL C-'x-BNDAR.
Mnrrh. IS9B.
Su. Mo Tu.UVe Th.
' 111 1 2 8
zzzzlz
13 II 15 1C , IT;
2J 21 22 23 -•«
IT » 21) ■ :!0 ' SI
Tu. ■
i
i
Fr. Sa.' j Moon's Phasea
£a o '~^~\ Full Moon. !
_1 _. & .Mar 8. •
ill 12 ho-Last Quarter
~~ Mi Mar.li.
; — {>•«. New Moon,
33 M {'J) Mar. 22.
! -9k First Quarter.
i3s Mar. 2i'.
i
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
l__
Zealand la I Honolulu...: —
City I-nebia.. . Victoria ana Puiret Sound
Km pi re I Coos Bay..
Weeolt ' Hum bold t
HnmDoldt [Alaska —
Moana Svdne?
Pomona ; San Uiejro .....
Mackinaw Tacoma
Arcata ... Coos Bay „...-
City of Sydney . ; Panama
North For* . < ►luniooidt
Wellington Departure Bay
Willamette... i (:itti(> I
ColumDia Portland
China China and J.aoan
Walla Wa11a... . Victoria and PujrotSnu...
Homor .Newport :
Bantu Bom San Dlejro
Prosreso I Seattle...... •
Coos Bay Newport
State or Oal (Portland ....'
Mar 8
Mar H
Mar 8
Mar 9
1 Mar 10
I Mar 10
! Mar W
iMar 10
Mar 11
Mar 11
Mar 12
Mar 13
: Mar U
Mar 12
Mar 13
!M;»r 13
Mar a
iMar 14
Mar U
Mar 1«
Mar 16
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
; Destination, 1
Saii-s.
imer
os l'.n v . .
ite of Cal
izaba.. .
5e0tt......
siiona .
iboldt ....
port
land
ico
ibldt Bay.
Uteiro
9. 10 aw
111. 10 AM
10. 10 AM
11. 10 am
11. am
12. 11 AM
12 .... .
12. 3 PM
12. 1 I'M
12. 10 AM
12. 10 AM
11. 10 AM
U. ...
14. 9AM
1 •>■ 1 PM
16. 11 AM
| Pier »
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 9
Pier 13
Pier 11
I Pier "i
PM S3
Pier »
I Pier 13
| Plor U
ka
>ey
. rcaui
olumOia..
China&Japan.
I Vie & P«ri Sna !
Coos Bay
I Portland
I Alaska .......
Humboldt.....
Humbolat )
San Dlesro — •
ulton
I
Pler'i
Pier 11
amoa
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey.
Times and Heights of High and Low Wat«r«
at Fort Point Entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by Official Authority or tb*
Buperintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-live minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the came at both places.
MARCH- Cm.
Wednesday. March 9.
Sun rines «:29
Sun sets 813
Moon rises 7:54
I Time
!l w
1 Feet
' Feet
Irwl
5:11
5:54
H W
U:2O
0:51
1:30
1.1
5.2
5.3
5.4
11:19
12:1X5
L W
6:38
T:24
8:23
6.1 5:24
&.0 6:01
H W
0.7 1 :0O
0.4 2:00
0.2 3:09
0.8 11:63
1.3 ......
L W
iM\ «:39
4.61 7:19
4.1! 8:02
1.8
2.0
•ik
NOTE.— In the above exposition of he tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day in the order cf occurrence as to time. Tb»
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide.
and the last or right hand i-.lumn gives tha
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The height*
given are additions to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given is subtractlve from
the depth Riven by the charts.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Off.^. IT. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, March
8, IS9B.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of tha
120 th meridian, or at exactly 8 p. m.. Green
wich time. TV. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. 8. N.. in cnarea.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, March 8.
Stmr State of California. Green, 51 hours frra
Portland, via Astoria 42 hours.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Bridgett, 31 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr City of Puebla. Jeps«?n. £9 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, 80 nous frofn Newport
and way ports.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, 56 hours from Coob
Bay.
Bktn Eureka. Paulsen, 22 days from Tacoma,
via Port Angeles 14 ilays.
Pchr Edward Parke, Johnson, 24 days from
I Astoria.
Sehr Winchester. Epsen. 17 days from San
nak.
fchr Charles R Wilson, Johnson, 16 days
from Grays Harbor. A
Schr Ida McKay, Johnson, 7 days from H«-J
boldt.
Schr Joseph and Henry, Christiansen, 11 days
form Coquille River.
CLEAKKD.
Tuesday, March 8.
Stmr Acapulco, Cattarinich, Panama; Pac
Mail Steamship Co.
Bark Alden Besse, Potter, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, March t.
Etmr Acapulco. Catarlnich. Panama.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Mlneola. David. Comox.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Ger ship Othmarschen. Saelzer. Cape Town
Ship Glory of the Seas, Freeman, Nanaimo.
Bark Alden Besse, Potter, Honolulu.
Schr Mary Etta, Nymans.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— March B—lo p. m.— Weather,
thick; wind, W; velocity, 8 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Glory of the Seas loads coal at Departure
Bay for this port.
The Zinlta loads wheat at Portland for Eu
rope, 33s 9d.
SPOKEN.
March 2— Lat 48 S, long 16 W. Ger ship H V
Glade, hence October 24, for Queenstown.
Off Crescent City Feb 21— Br schr Libby with
170 sealskins.
MEMORANDUM.
Per City of Puebla— March 7— Lat 42 19 N.
long 124 48 W, spoke the sealing schooner C D>
Wren of Victoria. Reported 70 skins and two
of her boats missing.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— SaiIed March B— Schr Eliza Miller,
for San Francisco.
EVERETT— SaiIed March B— Bktn C C Funk,
for San Francisco.
Arrived March B— Bark Seminole, from Seat
tle.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived March B— Stmr Co
quille River, hence March 7.
Sailed March B— Stmr Weeott, for San Fran
cisco.
EUREKA— Arrived March B— Stmr Weeott,
from Crescent City.
ASTORlA— Arrived March B— Stmr Columbia
hence March 6; stmr City of Topeka. from
Dyea.
Sailed March B— Ger chip Emilie, for Queens
town.
ASTORIA— SaiIed March B— U S Lightship 70,
for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived March 4— Br
ship Wynstay, from Antofagasta.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived March S— Stmr Sa
moa, from Newport.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed March B— Stmr Green-
wood, for — : — . - . - - > 'v
SEATTLE— Arrived March Bark Ceylon,
from Honolulu. • ■■■•'. '
Sailed March 8— Stmr Navarro. for Dyea.
SEATTLE— Arrived March Schr Mary Gil
bert, hence Fen 24. • ■ •
TACOMA— Sailed March Schr Annie Lar
sen, for San Francisco. . . •
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived March 3— Bktn .
Catherine Sudden, hence Feh 21. __-•",_
FORT BRAGG— Sailed . March Schr Corin
thian, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
REDAY ISLAND— Anchored off March 7—
Stmr Ohio, from Philadelphia, for San Fran-
I Cisco.
1 FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed Jan 10— Bktn
Robert Sudden, for Honolulu.,.
In port Jan — Schr Carrier Dove,, for Hono
lulu; ship Louisiana, t for San Francisco; bark
McNear, for Honolulu. "..'■' -
ROYAL ROADS— Arrived March 7— Haw ship
Fort George, ' and will sail March 8. ' for De
parture Bay. • > - ■■:'.-.
- FALMOUTH— Arrived March 6^-Ger ship
Willkommen, from Portland. ■
MELBOURNE— Arrived Jan Bark Em
pire, hence Nov 4. .
COLON— Sailed March s— Stmr Advance, for
New York.
COQT'IM BO— SaiIed Feb 12— Br ship Cham
pion, for Burrarrls Inlet.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived March 7— Br bark
Strathgryfe, from Portland. "^
ST. NAZA IRE— Arrived March — — Br stmr
City of Perth, from Portland.
-ST VlNCENT— Arrived . Br stmr Algoa,
from Tacoma. ' ■
SYDNEY— SaiIed March 7— Br stmr Miowera,
for Vancouver. '.- ' ■ '. •
NEWCASTLE, Sailed March 5— ship
Sardomene, for Antotagasta.
, YOKOHAMA— SaiIed March 5— Br- stmr Vic
toria, for Tacoma. • .' , ■-..: ..
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Jan 26— Br bark i
.Woollahra, for San Diego. - . . \(j.
'LI — Arrived March 7— Br ship Dalgonar, -
hence Sept 28. -. - ' * /
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS. ■
NEW YORK— Sailed March B— Stmr ' Havel,
for .Bremen. "j • , . ;
•:■ Arrived March B— Stmr Kensington, frm Ant
werp. . r " ■ •. - -
NAPLES— SaiIed March B— Stmr Patria, for
. New York. •' ."■ . -- .. '■;. ■r> --..
■ LIVERPOOL— " March Stmr Pavonla
,for Boston. - '< ,~-. : - \ e> "'~- ; - ■"' ■ *
; GIBRALTAR— SaiIed March B— Stm Norman-
L nia, lor Newark.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
KESSLER'S NOTE
WAS A LOAN
Harry Thomas Denies It
Was Given as a
Bribe.
The Mayor Explains a Story
That Is Being Freely
Told.
One Hundred Dollars That Was Bor
rowed Was Promptly
Paid.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 8.
For several weeks Constable John
Kessler has been exhibiting a photo
graph of a note for $100, which bears
the signatures of Mayor Thomas and
his son, Harry, the secretary of the
Board of Works. Kessler has fre
quently stated that he received the note
in return for money paid to Harry
Thomas on the assurance that he
(Kessler) should have all Thomas' in
fluence to secure a position on the po
lice force when the new men were ap
pointed about two months ago.
The day after the men were ap
pointed and Kessler saw that his name
was not among them, he went to the
Mayor's office, demanded his money and
got it. Before returning the note, how
ever, Kessler had it photographed and
he has shown the picture to scores of
people as evidence that he had a finan
cial transaction with the Mayor. The
note is dated July 17 and is payable
after sixty days. It was not paid,
however, until more than five months
had elapsed. Kessler says he has
been told that he is to go before the
Grand Jury and he will tell all he
knows.
The story has been made so public
that Mayor Thomaß was asked to-day
by a Call reporter to give his explana
tion of the Incident, which he readily
consented to do.
"Some time ago," said the Mayor,
"Harry told me he wanted to borrow
a. hundred dollars and asked me if I
•would sign a note with him. I said
I would if he was fixed so as to take
care of it. He told me it was all right
and I signed it, but I did not know
then what name was on it. I have
learned since that it was in favor of
John Kesslor.
"This is what I know about Kessler.
I have known him for many years, and
he is a strong, able fellow, and would,
1 think, make a good officer. I told him
I would do all I could for him, and when
I received the list of eligibles from
Chief Lloyd I did not see Kessler's name
among them, so I wrote it in myself
and proposed his name, but neither of
the other two Commissioners would
vote with me, and I could not secure
him one of the places. The morning
after the men were appointed Kessler
came into my office and demanded pay
ment of a note. I told him I did not
owe him anything on a note, and then
he showed me a note that was signed
by myself and Harry for $100. I re
ferred him to Harry, and the money
was" paid. That is all. If Kessler in
sinuates that I attempted to get any
thing from him he lies. I did all I
could for him out of friendship."
Karry Thomas was very willing to
discuss the matter. "I admit that I
borrowed $100 of Kessler last July, and
I have paid it back," he said. "Kessler
Is a money-lender, and I wanted a loan
and went to him for it. I told him I
would do anything I could for him to
help him to get on the police force, and
I did ask my father to vote for him.
This has nothing at all to do with the
loan. These stories are all false. I was
asked about this matter by the Dis
trict Attorney and told him how it oc
curred. I know Kessler had the note
photographed, but he need not have
done that, for if he wanted any one to
gee the original I would gladly show it.
It is surely no disgrace to borrow a lit
tle money and pay It back. I am quite
willing to tell the Grand Jury all I
know about it."
John Kessler told a Call reporter last
night that in addition to the note he
has a letter from Harry Thomas that
throws considerable light on the trans
action. Harry Thomas says he wrote
to Kessler thanking him for so kindly
obliging him with the loan.
A SPEEDY TBIAL.
No Time Lost in Convicting a Cow-
ardly Murderer.
OAKLAND, March B.— Prosecuting
Attorney Harry A. Melvin made a rec
ord this afternoon that is probably
without a parallel in the State. With
in five hours of open court Eulalio
Gonzales was tried for murder and his
case given to the jury. Three hours
later the jury returned a verdict of
murder In the second degree.
Gonzales saw Antone Silva walking
with a young woman near Pleasanton
last November. He became jealous,
and from an ambush he jumped on
Silva and beat him to death with a
club.
At 10:30 this morning the case was
transferred from Department 4 to De
partment 1. A Jury was obtained and
an adjournment taken to 1:45 p. m.
The trial continued till 5:05, when the
case was given to the Jury- At 8
o'clock to-night a verdict was returned.
D. M. Conner of Pleasanton repre
sented the murderer.
Nothing But the Best.
OAKLAND, March B.— At the regular
meeting of the Board of Education last
evening the following section was added
to the rules and regulations of the High
School: "For positions in the High School
only those teachers shall be eligible who
hold high school certificates, and are
graduates of the State University or some
college or university of equal rank. The
provision of this section shall not apply
to those persons .vho are now or havo
heretofore been regular teachers in the
Oakland High Scheoi." The rule affecting
teachers in the other schools was made
to read that persons desiring to teach in
any grammar, primary or evening school
"must hold a grammar grade or high
school certificate and must have had at
least two years' experience in teaching,
or must be a graduate of one of the Cali
fornia State Normal Schools or of some
other State normal school of equal rank,
or must have taken a full pedagogical
course in the State University or some
other college or university of equal rank,
or must be a graduate of the San Fran
cisco Normal School of date prior to July
1, 1598." , „
Death of Samuel Breck Sr.
OAKLAND. March B.— After Buffering j
several years from paralysis Samuel j
Breck Sr. died this morning at his home, j
1008 Summit street, aged 72 years. Mr. j
Breck was a native of Newport. N. H.
He leaves two sons. Samuel Breck Jr.,
teller of the Oakland Bank of Savings,
and James Breck. with Hook Bros. & Co.,
and three daughters, Mrs. F. M. Hatha
way Miss Mary A. Breck and Miss Nellie
B. 'Breck. He had lived here twenty-five j
years but was never identified with the ;
business interests of the city. He was i
formerly a merchant and Supervisor of [
Buißun, Solano County.
» ♦ ■ : v.
To Cure a Cold It) One Day. Vi
Take Laxative Bromo Quinin- Tablets. All I
Oruggiste refund the money If It fa! to cure |
tsc The genuine has L. 13. Q. on each ÜbUt. i
HENNEBERRY
IS A SURPRISE
Had Documents Ready
to Meet Every
Emergency.
Water Rates Have Yet to Go
Through Several
Stages.
The Courts Will Probably Have to
Determine Their Fat©
Finally.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. March 8.
There seems to be but little hope that
■ the water rate payers will be s nle to
prevent being robbed for the next year
commencing on July 1. The tactics
followed by the solid six have been
carefully thought out by the attorneys
for the corporations, and it is believed
that even if the Mayor's veto shall be
held to be valid, the resolution handed
;in by Mr. Henneberry will stand. In
both ordinance and resolution the rates
! are the same — nearly double what is
' being paid at present.
The Mayor's veto will come up for
discussion at the next regular mating
: and the solid six will probably pass
Mr. Henneberry's resolution that he i
handed in last night, and wnlch pro- j
vides for completely Ignoring the May
er's message. It even declares that :
, it shall not be spread upon the min
utes or be noticed in any manner. It
will, of course, be impossible to securo j
the necessary eierht votes to pass the
ordinance over the veto.
The resolution was declared by City j
Attorney Dow to be invalid, but it is i
likely that the matter will be formally
referred to him for an opinion, as also
the point raised by Henneberry that.
according to the constitution of the
State, the Mayor has no authority to j
touch the water rate matter. Mr. Hen
neberry's ready-prepared resolutions '■
and ordinance, which he produces very |
dramatically from his pocket whenever '
an emergency arises, have caused much
surprise. Everybody wonders where he
got them, and who prepared them.
It is claimed by many attorneys that j
his legal point regarding the proposi- '
tion of a veto over a water rate ordi- i
nance is not well taken. The. consti
tution provides Oakland, or any other
city, with the power to make a char- ;
ter, and the charter of this city pro- j
vides for the fixing of water rates by
either resolution or ordinance. If by i
ordinance, it is held that It must go
the route of all ordinances, as provided i
by the charter, and go to the Mayor for j
his signature or veto.
There is little doubt but what the :
matter will be the subject of litigation !
before it is finally determined.
ESTATE OF
INCOMPETENTS
An Important Test Suit Is Filed
in Alameda County's
Courts.
One Day More Jacob Roth's Money
Would Have Passed Out of
His Control.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. March 8.
A suit was filed late this afternoon
in the Superior Court that will test
the right of people to obtain letters of
administration on the estates of de
ceased or insane persons to whom
they are not related and whom they do
not, in many instances, know.
Jacob Roth is an inmate of the Napa
State Hospital and a year ago it. came
to the knowledge of J. B. Feehan of
San Francisco that he had 51100 on de
posit In the German Savings and Loan
Society. Feehan came to Alameda
County and applied for letters of ad
ministration on Roth's estate. This
was a year ago and the time expires
to-morrow.
Attorney G. C. de Gnlia, acting for
the State, with the consent of the At
torney-General, has brought the suit
In the name of Dr. A. M. Gardner, su
perintendent of the Xapa State Hospi
tal, who Is the legal guardian of Jacob
Roth. Feehan had no authority to act
for Roth and got letters without the
knowledge of any one of his family,
and it is alleged is about to settle the
The suit Is brought to compel Feehan
to return any money he may have col
lected as administrator to Dr. Gardner
in trust for Roth. It alleges that Fee
han has no right to letters of guar
dianship and should be removed as ad
ministrator.
Ihe suit is really a test case and
in it will hang many others that will
brought in the near future on both
;s of the bay and also in many other
Stamp Ordinance Killed.
\KLAND, March B.— Judge Allen of
Police Court dismissed the merchants
under arrest for Riving away trading
stamps to-day and handed down a
lengthy decision, as was said he would in
Sunday's Call. In his decision he says:
"Where a power is reposed in a muni
cipal body it has the right to exercise
that power to its fullest extent. If the
Council has the right to say that gifts
shall not be made under certain condi
tions it has the right to prohibit them.
This would be virtually holding that it
1 may repeal the sections of the Civil Code
' which make gifts lawful. The exercise of
the authority attempted in this ordinance
would be 'n conflict with the general law.
The ordinance would be void for this rea
son alone. If for no other. It is an un
warranted interference with personal lib
erty and property rights, and was so held
by the Supreme Court of the State of
New York/ 1
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND. March B.— Dr. W. H. Sim- j
monß, of the Canning block, had a narrow
escape from losing his office by fire late
yesterday. The curtain blew over an al
cohol lamp and ignited. In attempting to |
extinguish it his clothes and the carpet
took fire. Assistance reached him in time i
to save himself and the office.
Gee Nun. an Americanized Chinaman. I
was arrested yesterday for attempting to |
avoid paying his poll tax. He put up $20 {
cash bail and to-day demanded a jury
trial The case was set for March 23.
Grand Vice President Judge W. M. Con- i
lev paid an official visit to Athens Parlor !
No. 195. N. 8. G. W., to-night. Delegates |
to the coming session of the grand parlor i
were elected, after which a banquet was i
tendered the visitor.
C D Orsborn. a carpenter, was treated i
at~"the Receiving Hospital this morning |
about 1 o'clock for a cut above the left i
'eve a severed artery and a dent in the |
back of his head, evidently made by a I
blunt instrument. He says two men at- |
tacked him on Jefferson street, but after |
striking him. ran away when he cried i
out. 1
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 9, 1808.
NO CHARM IN
ROYAL LINEAGE
Johnny Heinold Sorry
He Married a Lady
of Title.
Fourteen Years of Mixed Joy
and Misery Leads to the
Courts.
His Wire Prefers the Kitchen and
Its Life of Ease and
Freedom.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 8.
Fourteen years ago Christine Marie
Heinold was a domestic. She cast
aside life in the kitchen to become the
wife of John Heinold, who has con
ducted a saloon on the water front for
so long that he. is regarded as a fix
ture. Now the lady is once more a
domestic and the husband has pub
lished one of those suggestive notices
that refer to bed and board, desertion
and refusal to pay debts. The interval
between is described in a suit for di-
vorce filed this, morning.
In 1884 Heinold met the young wo
man who is now his wife. She was a
servant in a private family, but was
very much given to talking of her an
cestry and her high lineage in the coun
try of her birth. Heinold was as much
captivated by her claims to aristocracy
as by her personal charms, and they
were married. For five years all weni
well. Annually another ear was added
to the Heinold sheaf. The increased
duties, however, did not add to Mrs.
Heinold's enjoyment of life, and she is
alleged to have shown less than the or
dinary care for her children.
Two of the little ones died and Hein
old declares that had their conditions
been different they might probably
both be living at this time. As the
wife became reckless the husband grew
angry and more discontented. He did
not like the manner in which his fam
ily affairs were conducted, and he de
clares that things ?rew worse instead
of better, and finally Mr. Heinold
found more pleasure in the company
of other gentlemen than with his own
family.
Last December Mrs. Heinold decided
that to be a domestic with all its at
tendant freedom was preferable to be
ing the wife of a saloon-keeper with
three children. After relating all his
trouble Heinold asks for a divorce.
BEFORE THE GRAND JURY.
Water and Boodle Investigated by
the Alameda County Censors.
OAKLAND. March B.— The Grand Jury
issued a dozen or more subpenas this
evening, and it is stated that some are
for city officials who may know some
thing interesting and others are for the
officials of the water companies.
Councilman Woodward was the most
important witness to-day. He was before
the Grand Jury several hours and was
questioned on his appointment, his inter
est in wnter companies and on at! mat
ters connected with his acts since being
made a Councilman.
He said he had not been Influenced by
anything but his researches, and asserted
that no one had attempted to bribe him.
Mr. Hotchkiss, the accountant, of 664
Eleventh street, was called before the
Jury. Mr. Hotchkiss was examined by
District Attorney Snook. He was asked
If he had heard on the train or on the
ferries anything about boodle In regard
to a passage or proposed passage of the
water ordinance by the Council. He stat
ed that, of course, like almost every other
citizen, he had talked on the subject of
the alleged influence which had been
brought to bear on members of the Coun
cil in the water case, but that was all he
knew about it. He had no positive knowl
edg-e on the subject. He did not know
any member of the Council, but kn^w
Mayor Thomas, because the Mayor was
a neighbor of his.
W. H. Davis, secretary of the Capital
Loan Association, whose headquarters
are in San Francisco, was called In. Mr.
Davis resides at 1522 San Antonio avenue.
Alameda. Davis was confined with the
jury for about fifteen minutes. He was
submitted to a variety of questions from
nearly all the members, the principal one
of which was as to whether or not his
company, the Capital Loan Association,
had ever loaned money to W. J. Dingee
on realty or collateral of any kind. He
answered that his company had never
loaned money to Dingee on security of
any kind. Neither had the company
loaned money,- bo far as known, to any
relative, agent or employe of that gentle
man. Neither had it loaned money to any
present city official of Oakland.
Work of the Asses»or.
OAKLAND, March B.— The Deputy As
i sessors are all in the field and are the
, same as did the work last year except
I those at Pleasanton and East Oakland,
i who hnve moved away. "The assessment
j rolls will not differ materially this year
• from those of last year," said Assessoi
i Henry Dalton to-day. "The valuations
'have "been pretty thoroughly equalized
; during my term of office, and as values
j havo remained the same, there can be no
raise. My office work tells for itself and
I am willing to go before the public ask
; ing for re-election."
Bridge Plans Considered.
OAKLAND, March R.— The complaint of
Johnson & Peterson against the report of
the expert of the Board of Supervisors
was taken under advisement this morn-
Ing after considerable talking. Peterson
claims that the expert's figures misrepre
sented his firm. When the firm appeared
before the board to-day they desired the
expert to show wherein lay the inaccur
acy of the plans submitted. This the
board refused to do. asserting that Peter
son had made charges nnd should go
ahead and prove them.
Trial Progresses Slowly.
OAKLAND. March B.— Judge Ogden
took up the John McGinnis murder trial
to-day, which had partially been heard
by Judge Ellsworth before his Illness.
The prosecution examined Jam«?n Holmes,
who sold the revolver to Bryan, and W.
G. Little, who worked In the saloon at the
door of which Cronln was killed. The
cross-examination was lengthy and went
into every detail.
THE CITY TRUSTEES
I Refuse to Increase the Bate Paid by
the City for Water.
ALAMEDA, March B.— At a meeting of
I the City Trustees last night Superin
tendent Borden of the water company
appealed to the board to restore the rate
to be paid by the city for sprinkling and
flushing from 15 cents a thousand
gallons to 30 cents, as he sup
posed the Trustees had original
ly agreed upon. The board refused, how
ever, to make any change.
The treasurer was directed to transfer
$1000 from the general fund to the health
Bids for dcing the street sprinkling were
ordered to be called for, as were bids for
improving Santa Clara avenue from Ver
sailles avenue to High street. This is the
work which the fciast Oakland Paving
Company contracted to do and then re
fused to" perform its contract because of
some flaw found by its attorney.
The Grider Party.
ALAMEDA. March B.— Several days ago
some of the city paper 3 published re
ports from Victoria with regard to the
Grider party, which is en route to some
alleged goia diggings in the extreme
northwest. The idea was conveyed that
there was suspicion as to the authenticity
of the affair. Letters received from Ala
meda men wl.o are with the party state
that they are entirely satisfied with the
conduct of the expedition so far and have
great expectations with regard to the
outcome. No dissatisfaction of any kind
is expressed as to the head of the party
or his conduct.
DISPOSITION OF GARBAGE.
A Proposition to Do Away With the
Nuisance of the Dumps.
ALAMEDA. March B.— The matter of
the disposition of the garbage from this
city was brought up at a meeting of the
City Trustees last night. For some time
there has been complaint concerning the
dumps on Webster street, which nave
become a great nuisance to people who
are obliged to pass there on the electric
cars going to and from Oakland. These
dumps are a menace to health and an
eyesore, as well as giving off the vilest
and most disagreeable odors. Heaps of
decaying vegetation and refuse are al
lowed to lie there festering in the sun.
until it has become a nuisance of large
proportions. The National Sanitation
Company made a proposition to the board
last evening to enter into a contract to
pay the city for the privilege oi handling
the garbage, furnishing receptacles, etc..
and performing the whole duty after the
most approved sanitary fashion. The
matter was taken under advisement, and
it is probable that something of the kind
will be done in order to abate the present
nuisance.
Fire Department Report.
ALAMEDA, March B.— Chief Krauth of
the Fire Department presented his an
nual report at last night's meeting of the
Board of City Trustees. The report
showed that there had been 239 fires dur
ing the year, with a total loss of $98,072.
Two deaths were caused by fire— James
H Ross of Cordes hose company, and
Isabel White, a 3-year-old child. Six
firemen also sustained injuries while In
active service during the year. The mem
bership of the department has fallen con
siderably owing to the enforcement of the
roll call ordinance adopted by the Trus
tees forfeiting: membership after three
failures to respond to a night alarm. The
flre nouses and apparatus were reported
in good condition, and the purchase of
additional hose and minor appliances was
recommended.
Another Dog Suit.
ALAMEDA, March B.— Dr. Ambrose
Sander of Oakland has brought suit
against J. H. Rosseter, the well-known
dog fancier, for $169 alleged to be due him
for the board and keep of a number of
dogs belonging to defendant. Another
suit brought some time ago by Sander
against Rosseter for board and medical
attendance for his dogs was dismissed.
Now the amount has been reduced and
the claim is made for board alone.
PRINTERS STELL STRIKING.
Declare They Will Start a Paper of
Their Own in Berkeley.
BERKELEY, March B.— The printers of
Berkeley are still on a strike, and as both
the strikers anil employers are deter
mined there is a prospect of a vigorous
and prolonged fight. The strikers de
clare that within the next few days they
will start a paper in Berkeley in opposi
tion to the Gazette and World, .with C L.
Andrews, uiie of the strikers, as editor.
They have announced their intention to
u «, e every legitimate means to win their
fight. This . vening they distributed free
copies of an Oakland evening paper.
They propose this as one of the means
of bringing the proprietors to time.
Business Manager Louis Borkheim of
the Gazette stated to-night that the
strike affected only the Gazette and the
World, and that the university papers
are in no way interested.
On Track and Diamond.
BERKELEY. March B.— The sopho
more-freshman field day next Saturday
afternoon, at 1:30 o'clock, promises to be
one of thf hottest and closest field days
ever held fin the Berkeley cinder-path.
The most exciting contest of the day will
probably i-p In the quarter-mile run.
where Drum and Woolsey will come to
gether. While the field day is being con
tested on the track there will be a base
ball game on th<* diamond between, the
Varsity nine and the Santa Clara team.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, March B.— The co-eds of
the college Y. W. C. A. will give a dinner
at Stiles Hall on Thursday evening, be
tween 5 and 7 o'clock.
Colonel Charles R. Greenleaf lectured
this afternoon to the senior of the uni
versity on "Persona! Hygiene."
J. H. Gray Jr. will read a paper next
Thursday afternoon before the chemistry
section of the Science Association.
President Melville Dozier of the I'ni
versity Athletic Association has called a
meeting of that body for the stu
dents' hour next Friday morning. Coach
Garrett Cochran will speak to the stu
dents on baseball matters.
The funeral of the late A. B. Dixon. the
Lorin pioneer, took place to-day from the
family residence in Lorin.
PUSSY CAT IS
A WILD ANIMAL.
Such Is the Decision of Judge
Campbell in the Case of
Charles Bone.
A Warrant Is Now Out for the Arrest
of Bone Charging Him With
a Felony.
Judge Campbell has made a record for j
himself by declaring that a cat is not a j
domestic animal and cannot therefore be
claimed as the property of any one. In i
other words a cat, according to the whis- i
kered jurist, is a wild animal like a bear i
or a tiger, which will be a surprise to ',
many a housewife who loves her cat.
The decision was rendered in the case
I of Charles Bone. 1610 Steiner street, who
was charged with poisoning a, Maltese cat,
the property of his neighbor, J. C. Fred
ericks. The poisoning of the cat was not
denied, as Bone argued that it was a
nuisance by tearing up his shrubs and
annoying the neighborhood by its yowls
during the hours of the night, but the de
fense was put in that according to law the
cat was a wild animal and therefore did
not belong to Fredericks and the Judge
took that view of the case and dismissed
Yesterday Fredericks, who owns several
voidable dogs and cats, and is afraid that
they might all now be poisoned, swore to
a complaint in Judge Joaehimsen's court
for the arrest of Bone on a charge of
having placed poisonous matter with in
tent to destroy animals. This is a felony
and the bonds were fixed at $1000.
EPWORTH LEAGUE.
Growing Interest in the Conference
to Be Held Hpre Next Month.
As the time is drawing nearer for the
California Conference Epworth League
convention, a keener interest is being
taken by the members of that organiza
tion and everything is being done to make
the convention a notable one.
It Is to be held at Howard Street Meth
odist Church, and will begin on the 21st
of next month and will close on the 24th.
Prominent names will be on the pro
gramme, which is being arranged by the
following gentlemen: Rev. J. N. Beard,
D.D., San Francisco; Rev. A. T. Need
ham D. D., Oakland; L. J. Norton, Napa;
R V Watt. San Francisco.
The programme will provide for the
consideration of all the activities and in
terests of the leagues and will be one of
the moat complete ever presented to a
league convention.
Promised to Marry Her.
Emily Beattie, a pretty girl living at
837 Moultrie street, swore to a complaint
in Judge Conlan's court yesterday for the
arrest of William Scheller on a charge of
betrayal under promise of marriage.
Seheller is an expert workman in Buck
ingham & Hecht's shoe factory and met
the girl at a masquerade ball on July 4
last. Shortly afterward she alleges that
he betrayed her on a promise of marriage.
Dr. Blue Promoted.
• Dr. - Blue, < assistant : Federal quarantine
officer 2at ". this port, 1 has been ordered *to
go to Portland, Or., to take charge of the
Federal Quarantine Station at. that place.
• - y-
IN THE REALTY
BROKERS' WORLD
Building Record for Feb
ruary Shows an Im
provement.
Sellers Not Now So Eager to
Dispose of Properly as
Formerly.
Claxis Spreckels Purchases Country
Lands — The Records, Auctions,
Sates and Notes.
The situation in the realty line is lit
tle changed. If anything sellers are
not so eager to dispose of property as
a few months ago, but dealers report
the difficulty of getting buyer and sel
ler together as having but slightly de
creased. According to Magee's Real
Estate Circular the total sales of last
month were only 215, aggregating the
sum of $704,007.
In building the prospects seem to
grow brighter. The record for last
month was higher than for the month
of February in any year since 1892.
IN BLACK AND WHITE.
The following were the principal
mortgages and trust deeds recorded
during the week:
By the German Bank to the Freie
Deutsche Gemeinde yon San Francisco,
$9000 for one year at 7 per cent, on prop
erty in 50-vara lot 196, on north line of
O'Farrell, 103:1^4 west of Mason, west
34:4Vs by north 107:6; by the trustees of
Annie A. Montgomery to ChUstiana H. S.
and Emelia W. C. Wetzemann, $12,000 for
two years at 7^ per cent, on property in
50-vara block G, on the northeast corner
of Jackson and Drumm, east 72, north 40,
west 20, north 20, west 52, south 60; by the
Mutual Bank to Florence M. Keane, $12.
500 for one year at 66 1 * pet cent, on prop
erty In Western Addition block 219, on the
northeast corner of Page and Buchanan,
east 65 by north 120; by the Hibernia
Bank to William Wolf, $214,400 for one
year at 6H per cent, on property in 100
vara block 395, on the south corner of
Sixth and Howard, southeast 105, by
southwest 80, in Western Addition block
132, on the northwest corner of Ellis and
Franklin, north 87:6. west 87:6. north 25.
east 87:6; north 25, west 137:6, south 137:6,
east 137:6. in 50-vara block 255, on the
southwest corner of Jones and Ellis, west
87:6 by south 50, in Western Addition,
block 154. on the northeast corner of Ellis
and Octavia, north 120 by east 192:6, in
Western Addition block 312, on the
southwest corner of Wlldey and
Webster streets, south 27:6 by west 81:3.
in 50-vara block HI, on the south line of
Ellis, 137:6 east of Jones, east 55 by south
137:6, In Western Addition block 284, on
the southwest corner of Buchanan and
Fulton, south 87:8, west 111:6. south 32:6.
west 26. north 120, east 137 ;6, in Western
Addition block 154, on the northwest
corner of Ellis and Gough. west
120 by north 165, in Western Ad
dition block 202, on the northeast cor
ner of O'Farrell and Laguna, east 62:6 by
north 95, in Western Addition block 203.
on the southeast corner of O'Farrell and
Laguna, east 50 by south 90; by the Cali
fornia Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Anna J. Kittredge. $10,000 for one
year at 6^ per cent, on property In 100
vara block 342, on the northeast line of
First, 275 northwest of Folsom. northwest'
60, northeast 137:6, northwest 30, northeast
40, southeast 90, southwest 177:6; by the
Humboldt Bank to Ruby A. Root. $17,500
to January 2, 1899, at 6Vi per cent, on prop
erty in 50-vara block 252, on the northwest
corner of Jones and Geary, west 37:6 by
north 87:6; by the Hibernia Bank to Ivy
Kellett and Dora. C. Brown (wife of H.
Brown), $14,300 for one year at 6^5 per
cent, on property in 100-vara block 393. on
the northwest line of Mission, 230 south
west of Sixth, southwest 45 by northwest
85.
The following releases and reconvey
ances were for comparatively large
amounts:
From the German Bank to Babete and
Conrad Weller. $10,275, on property in
flfty-vara block 3«9, on the northwest cor
ner of Hyde and Post streets, west 68:9
by north 37:6; from the Humboldt Bank
to Sophia A. and George H. C. Becke
dorff, $40,000, on property in 100-vara block
395, on tlie west corner of Folsom and
Sixth streets, northwest 75 by southwest
30. and on the west corner of Folsom and
Russ streets, southwest 50 by northwest
10U; from lienriette Brand (by attorney)
to Adolph Eisenberg, $14,500 on property
in Western Addition, block 309, on the
south line of Post, 87:6 west of Webster,
west 30:9 by south 137:6. and in 50-vara
block 250, on the north line of Sutter, 162
east of Leuvenworth, east 22: lVi by north
137:6; from the Hlbernia Bank to Wash
ington I. Taylor, $24,000 on property in 50
vara block 33, on the west line of Battery,
92:4^ south of Pacific, south 113:10^ by
west 137:6 by north 68:9 by west 47:6 by
north 40:1^ by east 185.
WHERE CASH IS RULER.
The Rancho Tequlsquito. near Gilroy, a
part of the Miller & Lux estate, has been
purchased by Claus Spreckels through A.
S. McDonald of Oakland. The transfer
is one of the largest made in California
for years, as the property consists of
10.000 acres. From what has been said
by others it is believed Mr. Spreckels
will devote the land he has bought to the
culture of sugar beets. Both parties to
the transaction refuse to reveal the pur
chase price.
Through Hooker & Lent Edward Phil
ips has sold Joseph Rosenweig the lot
25:9x137:6. with three flats, at 1615-17-19
Post street, for a reported price of $11,000.
J. V. Lawrence has bought the lot, 57:6 x
57:6. with three two-story houses, on the
north line of Eddy street. 55 east of Polk,
from Mrs. Keans for $15,000.
Through Bovee. Toy & Sonntag Marie
T. Lowe has sold J. M. Young 209 acres of
land near Sunol. Alameda County, for
$18,000. Ninety-two acres are in fruit and
the remainder in grain.
Sales of the lot, 27:6x127:8, on Jackson
street, near Scott, for $2550, and of the
lot. 25x10(5:3, on Cole street, near Haight.
for $2325, are reported by H. E. Poehl
man.
UNDER THE HAMMER.
At Madison & Burkes auction sale of
last Thursday the highest bid obtained
for the Grove street Theater property on
the northwest corner of Grove and Polk
streets, fronting 170 feet on Grove and
137:6 on Polk, was $45,000. Lot 102x109.
with Improvements, fronting on Van
Ness avenue. McAllister street and Lo
cust avenue, was bid In at $4025.
As advanced prices have been offered in
private it is unlikely that the bids will
be submitted for Probate Court approval.
Vmbsen & Co. held an auction sale of
real estate yesterday. The catalogue con
sisted of offerings on probate account and
sales are therefore subject to confirma
tion. Details as follows: Flats Nos. 270
272 Lexington avenue, north of Twentieth
street. 25x80, $1500; cottage No. 209 Dia
mond street, south of Nineteenth, renting
for $11 a month. 30x64. $1200; No. 22S Clara
street, west of Fifth, renting for $15 a
month, 2Oifexßo. $1600: No. 2131 Mission
street, south of Seventeenth, comprising
stores, halls, .etc.. 50x245 feet to Capp
street, £5.160; store and flat N0. 252 Fourth
street, north of Folsom street, renting for
$65 a month. 25x80, $8300; flats No. 1309
1309£ Lyon street, north of Geary, 57^$x
201 H. $4300; lot forming the southwest cor
ner of Golden Gate avenue and Baker
street, 37^x97. $3000.
BY THE CARRIER PIGEON.
Daniel Einstein, the builder, is erecting
two houses on Lyon and Oak streets, to
cost $7000; also a cottage on Fulton street,
near Lyon, to cost $2000. The same
builder is preparing plans for a house of
three flats on Bush street, to cost $6500,
and for two dwellings near the park, to
cost $8000.
McDougall Bros, are preparing plans
for a three-story and basement brick
building on Steuart and East streets, at
a cost of $40,000.
The McCarthy Company is erecting
four dwellings in the Sunnyslde district.
Seven others are being built by private
owners.
P. T. Watterson has leased the prem
ises at 202-204 Stockton street to A. L.
Langfeld for five years for $10,200.
The reservoir which the Spring Valley
Water Company is completing at Twen
ty-second and Wisconsin streets will have
a capacity of 1.500,000 gallons.
EXPOSITION'S
FIRST MONEY
Will Help Along the Cause
in a Most Practical
Way.
Proceeds of the First Game of
the California League De
voted to Patriotism.
Important Meeting of the New
Organization Held Yesterday
Afternoon.
The first money to be set apart for
the purpose of having a semi-centen
nial exposition to celebrate the golden
wedding of the State of California will
come from the baseball field, and will
be the result of the first game played
in this city by the new California Base
ball League, which has been organized
under National League rules.
This was decided by the Recreation
Park Association managers at their
meeting yesterday afternoon, and it is
expected that the enthusiasm will
spread to all the clubs In the league
and that the fund thus raised will make
a handsome nucleus for the big fund
which is to make the exposition a suc
cess.
There was a full representation of the
new clubs present at the meeting, and
the movement met with unanimous
favor.
At a meeting of the California Base
ball League at the Baldwin Hotel yes
terday organization was perfected by
the granting of franchises to the San
Francisco League Club. Oakland Base
ball Club, Stockton Baseball Club, San
Jose Baseball Club, Sacramento Base
ball Club and Fresno Baseball Club.
The agreement was signed by represen
tatives of each of the clubs, and the j
certificates will be Issued by President j
McPike at the meeting next Tuesday
evening.
The following representatives were !
present from the various clubs inter
ested: San Francisco, Colonel Victor j
Duboce, George D. Bunker; Oakland,
H. A. Tubbs, James Dean; Stockton,
H. J. Corcoran, W. H. E. Leffier; San
Jose, S. M. Rucker; Fresno, E. A. Don
ahoo; Sacramento, N. O'Neill; Presi
dent H. H. McPike and Secretary C. E.
Wiggin.
After deciding on plans to be adopted
by the league a resolution was passed
ratifying the action of President Me-
Pike In securing the national agree- ;
ment protection, and a letter was read i
from N. E. Young, acknowledging the !
receipt of $180 covering the protection. ;
This places the league under the juris- !
diction of the national board of arbi- i
tration, it being the first time any Call- I
fornia aggregation has secured this !
privilege.
A resolution was passed adopting the I
Spalding National League ball and the !
president was empowered to appoint
umpires and scorers. S. M. Rucker, H.
J. Corcoran and J. Cal Ewing were ap
pointed on the schedule committee and
authorized to confer with the mana
gers of the various teams and report
at the meeting to be held next Tues
day evening.
The committee on transportation was
filled by the appointment of Duboce,
Donahoo and Leffler and the committee
on uniform by the appointment of
Bunker, O'Neill and Dean. The latter
committee will decide upon the uni
forms of the various clubs in the
league.
It was decided to set the opening day
and to agree upon the length of the
season at the meeting next Tuesday
evening.
The Recreation Park Association
held a meeting yesterday afternoon
and decided that the association's por
tion of the proceeds of the first game
of the season would be given to the
fund for the semi-centennial exposi
tion. It was also decided that a start
would be made at once on the improve
ments of the park and that all neces
sary grading should be done to put the
grounds in perfect condition. A letter
was read from H. H. Lynch, superin
tendent of construction of the Market
street Railway Company, stating that
work would be pushed on the Eighth
street line, and it was expected that
the road would be completed before the
opening of the baseball season.
At the meeting to be held at the
Baldwin next Tuesday evening it is ex
pected that all business will be closed
up and that the order will go forth
that the clubs organize and go into
training at once.
STRATTON GIVES
HIS TESTIMONY
Denies That He Acted in a
Dual Capacity as
Attorney.
Another Monotonous Day in the Trial
of the Harbor Commission's
Suit.
The trial of the Injunction suit brought
by the Parafflne Paint Company against
the Board of State Harbor Commission
ers was resumed yesterday before Judge
Belcher. The entire session was devoted
to the examination of Attorney F. S.
Stratton, who took the stand in behalf of
the defendants, to testify that they had
acted under his advice and to further de
clare that the suggestion made that he
had been acting in a dual capacity, as
legal adviser of the harbor board and at
the same time attorney for a lumber com
pany interested, was without foundation.
Attorney Stratton went into the details
of his employment as attorney by the
Harbor Commissioners and of his deal
ings with the S. R. Slade Lumber Com
pany and Pacific Pine Lumber Company.
He testified that he advlse"d the commis
sioners not to let a contract on any of the
bids that are the subject of the present
legal controversy. He testified that he
told the commissioners that inasmuch as
they had been restrained from opening
the bids by injunction suit on the
day advertised in the proposals, there
was great danger of .serious legal compli
cations- arising if any contract was let
after the advertised time. When the bids
were opened on December 14 last and no
award was made that day, Stratton said
he told the commission that he further
believed another cause for legal contro
versy would be furnished, inasmuch as
the contract had not been awarded on the
day the bids were opened. /
Stratton then explained at considerable
length the dealings he had had with the
representatives of the lumber companies
mentioned In the present proceedings. He
testified that although he had been con
sulted by Slade, he had refused to give
the Harbor Commissioners any legal ad
vice on the question of paying the Slade
bills. He added that he had simply ad
vised Blade concerning his legal rights
and not on any matter Jn which the Har
%
bor Commissioners were directly inter
?sted. . .
Attorney Stratton. when questioned
■oncernin'g consultations had with Tirey
L Ford and \V. H. Jordan, relative to the
-uits that were subsequently dismissed
to the satisfaction of both the Pacific
Pine Lumber Company and the S. E.
■51ade Lumber Company, substantiated
the testimony previously given by Fora
and Jordan. He will be called again to
the stand to-day for cross-examination
by Attorneys Cope and Sullivan, who rep
resent the "Paraffine Paint Company.
CUSTOMS APPOINTMENTS.
Collector Jackson Makes Some Pro-
motions and Fills Vacancies in
Appraiser's Department.
Collector of the Port Jackson exer
cised with pleasure yesterday his power
of appointment and rewarded faithful
servants of the public and of the party.
He made several appointments in the
Custom House, the first being that of
James P. Riley as opener and packer, in
place of F. J. Kortick. recently promoted.
to an inspectorship. F. L. Wooster haa
been promoted from the inspectorship to
the position of assistant wfigher. made
vacant by the resignation of M. H. Baker.
Mr. Baker resigned for thi? purpose or
going to British Columbia to engage in an
occupation less laborious and more lucra
tive. ,
The vacancy made by the promotion or
M. Wooster has been filled by the ap
pointment of Frank McDonald, an hon
orably discharged soldier.
Deacon Keppel's Case.
Deputy United States Attorney Bchles
inger announces that he will proceed with
the second trial of Deacon Keppel within
a month. The jury stood eight for con
viction to four for acquittal. The point
of contention was whether the expression
"married by practice" was obscene o*
It is stated by the prosecution that Mrs.
W. S. Little, the lady traduced in th«
pamphlet sent through the mails by Kep«
pel, intends to bring against him a crim«
inal prosecution in Butte County for li«
bel. So that the troubles of the Deacon
are but just beginning, and his case «m«
phasizes the saying that, whether true o»
false, a man should never kiss and tell.
A Wrecked Life Ended.
George L. Gladding died suddenly yes
terday afternoon in his lodgings at 110 El
lis street of cirrhosis of the liver, caused
by an overindulgence in alcoholic stimu
lants.' He was a single man 1 'about &
years old. His father. Charles . Gladding
of the pottery firm of Gladding. .ilcßean
& Co., died four years ago and cut nts son
off with a mere allowance for subsist
ence,-the son being untrustworthy De
cause of his dissolute habits.
BOSTON* WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, March The tone of the woof
market here continues to be quiet, but . the
market in general Is steady. The sales of the
Territorial wools are slow, but tnere is no sign
! of weakness in prices. The demand for fleece
! wools continues to some extent, and the gen-
S eral range of quotations .• not materially dif
; ferent. There Is a strong tone for Australian
i wools, but the demand is moderate. Quota
' tions are as follows: . Unwashed medium. Mis
i souri quarter blood combing, 2?@2Bc: Missouri
I three-eighths blood combing, 23@24c: braid
Territory °wools— Montana fine medium and
me. 16«?iSc: scoured. 47©60 c; : staple, 52«r..V.
Wyoming, etc.. fine medium and fine, 15<gl7e:
scoured, 47@48c; staple, 50<S52c.
1 Texas wools, spring medium, 12 months 16«*
ISc: scoured. 43@45c; spring fine. 12 months. IS
®19c; scoured, Soc. ■ _
Australian scoured basis, combing superfine,
i 70®72c: good. 6S@6Bc; average. 62@65c; Queens
| land combing,- Csc. ■■'■-.': .
/^T^; Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JL***J&k <>i-O KKARXY ST. Established
S^iF^B^i'i 1*54 forthetrpHtmentof I'livata
SSiJk «W Diseases, Lost hood. Debility or
'WMINWtJHfe disease earing on body and mind and
ZWHnS skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
TDHHM|!B others fall. Try him. Charges low.
*^H ■ £** '■* Cnre«ffuara»lrrd. Call orwrite.
l>r. 4. K. i.IBBOX. Bex 1957. 5 an Franclaco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
jfc^ ' ■ . Steamers leave Broadway
lftr3B!tofc. wharf San Francisco:
BP^^^ For Alaskan port*. 10 a. m.,
If|KWI March 2, 7. 12. 17. 22, 27, April
MkJHi^iai l. Transferred at Seattle.
fflaCS^ffill For Alaskan ports (from
I '^"^^aBMS Spear street wharf). 10 a. m..
• March 2. 6. 10, 14, IS, 22, 2S. 30.
- - . *• Transferred at Portland. Or.
• For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and!
New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a. m.. March 2. 7.
12 17 22 27. and every fifth day thereafter,
connecting at Seattle with company's .steam-
ers for Alaska and G. N. Ry at Tacoma with
V P Rv at Vancouver with C. P. Ry. .
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m..
March 3. 9. 15. .21. 27. and every sixth day
aft |anta Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
ravucos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gaviota' Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hu4neme.
San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) an.l
Newport 9 a. m.. March 2. 6. 10. 14. 13. 22. 2C.
30 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Kedondo (Los Angeles), 11
am March 4. 8. 12. 16.. 20. 24. 28. and every
f< For h day thereafter. Bay. Ban' Jose del
For Fn«enada. Magdalena Bay. Ban Jose del
rabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Me*.). 10 a. m.. March 8.
\nril 3 and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
""TICKET* OFFIOE-Palace Hotel, 4 New
M GOODALI, PERKINS ft CO.. Gen Agt...
. - 10 Market street. San Frar.d«co.
v THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a.m. -»
PA DP ; 12 First Class Including" Berth
TAKE -g 8 Second Claw and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California .......... Mar. 2. 10. 18. M
Columbia .-...:...•....•• ..Mar. 6. 14. 22. 30
I Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
I Eastern Points. : Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication- to " '
■ E. C. WARD. General Agent,
630 Market St.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO..
■-•'•• ■ Superintendents. ■
s. s. zealandia.
M^*^ffjhilfll£' or HONOLULU only.
»i,T l ia*flL Hala * Saturday. March 12. at
©■■■IHi 2p. S. Special party
Ihflnl[' r HONOLULU only.
l«»fMM*r Satur ,, ay , March 12. at
H ™^— —^ 2p m. Special party
».^fcSG+<^rnch|n,o "'The S. S. MOAN A
WgSSi f Q)iwlllDllll' v , a | )s via Honolulu and
"<r£a& fnfnß?lf?!J- Auckland for Sydney
«|Crr '; VOi!ipQl«r Wednesday. March 23.
Line to cOOtXSARr)IE. at 2p. m. and CAPB
I tne to COOLGARPTE. Australia, and CAPH
T rD S PRECKE r a BROS. CO . Agent, .
, j. v. si nn. n4 ■ Montgomery street.
• Freight Ofnce-357 Market St.. San Francisco.
Compagnie . Generate ". Transatlantic
■■ French Line to Havre. •
T Company's Pier (new) _42 North
River foot of Morton st. Travelers <jN'rTi>
by this line avoid both transit by ««»*»
Cnelii«h railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. -New York to
Alexandria. Egypt. : via Paris, first class $160;
KwMNB^^EIS 12. 10 a: m.
iTr.AProaNR March 12. 10 a. m.
I A \ORMANDIR ......March 11. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE March 26 10 a. m.
LA BOUROOGNE April 2. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE ..April 9, 10 a. m.
For further particulars ap^Y^ent..
*° A. FORGET. Agent.
No. 3. Bowling Green. New York. "
J. F. FUOA7.I & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye., Fan Francisco. . -
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St.. «t 3
= .-.: ■:■ ■ .-. p. m. Doily. • •■
FREIGHT RECEIVED Ui» TO 5:30 P. M.
• "- Accommodations reserved '. by telephone. :
■ The only line selling through tickets and giv-
ing through freight rates to all points on -the
Valley ; Railroad. ■;■ [ ; . ; L V.
STEAMERS:
T C WALKER. ' CITY OF STOCKTON.
MARY GARRATT. ' J. I>. PETERS.
; Telephone Main 80S. . Cal.. Nay. and Impt. Co.
for San Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cmi
" Steamer Alviso "leaves i*ier 1 daily' (Sunday»
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso dally (Saturdays
excepted) ; at 5 p. -m. ■ Freight and Passengers.
Fare ' between San ; Francisco - and , Alviso. 50e: \
.'to San Jose.', 75c. . Clay street. Pier 1. -, 41 North
First-street. San Jose. .:- '.. ;" ; - -
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
VSr : :*.f {'':':'. Steamer Montlcello" ' ' . ,
Will -He. up. to; receive new: ooiler and general
overhauling on February 1, ■: and -' resume «■ hei
route ■on ] March \ 10. ; : V.. HATCH BROS. :
1112
THE TALENT
IN RARE FORM
Nearly Every Winning
Horse at Oakland Was
Heavily Backed.
Chappie Downed a Fair Lot of
Sprinters at Tempting
Odds.
Throe First Choices in Front— Scarf
Pin Headed Her Field From
Start to Finish.
The track at Emeryville yesterday
showed but slight traces of rain, and
fairly good time was made in the dif
ferent events run. Three favorites, two
second choices and a rank outsider
gathered in purses for their owners.
The winners were all well supported,
and the majority of the bookies had a
crimp put in their bank rolls.
In the way of riding honors Thorpe
kept the ball rolling by piloting two
winners past the wire. Little Gray was
also in good form, getting two of his
mounts across the line first.
The win of Chappie in the final race
of the day was most unexpected. The
books laid 20 to 1 against his chances,
and, in front almost from the start, he
won ridden out, a head before Major
Cook, another outsider. The favorite,
Pat Murphy, was unplaced. Gray rode
an excellent race on the winner.
Judge Stouffer landed the opening
event, ridden by Thorpe, and a 9 to 5
favorite in the betting. Silver State
and Howard made a showing of early
speed, but the favorite shook them off
in the run home, winning cleverly from
the weakly ridden Lucky Star. Sutton
finished in the show.
The six-furlong run following went to
the even-money choice, Glorian, with
Lonnie Clayton in the saddle. Elsmore,
the Burns & Waterhousy entry, an S
to 1 shot, showed first when the barrier
was released, and led the big bunch
until weli into the stretch. Clayton
then went to work on the favorite, and
at the wire the brown colt won with
apparent ease. Rio Frio was a distant
third, several lengths behind Elsmore.
For a time it luuked as though Paul
Pry might make a runaway race of the
mile and a furlong selling affair. At
the start Lonnie Clayton rushed the 25
to 1 shot to the front, and the c-hestnut
horse simply toyed with his field to the
stretch. Thorpe now sat down on the
even-money favorite, Parthemax, and
gradually closed on the leader. Near
ing the wire the outsider tired, and the
favorite scored handily by a couple of
lengths. Benamela, a 30 to 1 chance,
came fast at the end, taking the show
from Holly Daylight
Ed Purser's good mare Scarfpin was
handed about as the right thing f^r
the seven and a half furlongs run, and
•was heavily played at 4 to 1. Gray
made all the running with her, and
with a little shaking up as the wire
was neared she won with something to
spare from patiently handled Refugee,
which receded in trie betting from 3
to 7. In a hard drive Conley took the
show with Montallade, a head in front
of McLight, the favorite.
Conley put up a very weak ride on
the favorite. Good Friend, in the five
furlong scramble, and the wise ones
who got aboard the fast filly Valenci
enne with all their belongings were in
line after the finish. The latter, backed
down from 5 to 1 to 7 to 2. beat the
barrier a couple of lengths, and, ridden
out at the wire, led the tardy coming
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -Oakland Track-HOth day of the
V/ Winter Meeting, Tuesday. March 8, 1898. Weather fine. Track
slow.
|i
(675) Judge Stouffer, 4.. .107 3 ... 31 11 12 13 Thorpe ...
699 Lucky Star. 4 107 5 ... 514 3h 2h 2h McNlchols
700 Button, 4 110 8 ... 7h 5 1 5 h 3 14 Dorsey ...
6*2 William 08, C 113 t 6 ... 4 h 4 1 3 3 41% C. Sloan .
625 Howard, a... 110 2 ... 2h 2 4 4% 52 Conley . ...
€14 Sardou. 4 110 10 ... 9h 84 6 3 6 h E. Jones .
625 Sir Richard, a 113 9 ' ... 10 9 4 7 2 7h Spencer ..
656 Silver State, a 108 ! 1 ... In 6Vi 8 3 810 Clawson .
6!5 I Don't Know, a. ..112 4 ... 6h 7 4 9 3 910 Tuberville
656 Una Que Amo, 5...10S 7 ... '82 10 10 10 Holmes ..
608 Mount Roy, a 110 « ... ... ... ... ... Mooney ..
• Left.
Time. 1:15. Winner, F. Phillips & Co.'s eh. g. by Cassatt-Brigand Girl.
Won easily.
1 1 norpe
]McNichols ...
Dorsey
C. Sloan
;Conley
IE. Jones
■Spencer
Clawson
Tub^rville ...
!Holmes
2 8-5
... 4 7
8 3
10 30
5-2 3
..'..'. 30 50
12 20
8 15
6 12
30 150
40 100
Good start.
2
4
8
10
5-2
30
12
8
6
30
40
8-5
7
3
30
3
50
20
15
12
150
100
jMooney
AC BXOCOND RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds; purse, $360.
:r.
691 Glorlan 11", 3
655 Elsmore '. 110 1
657 Rio Frio 112, 2
613 Saticoy 110' 6
6GS Bow and Arrow r,2 B
692 Lee Kylo 107 8
61S Boacol 107 5
604 Yule 105 i
•02 Scintillate 112 11
605 I'uke of York 11.... 1 V 7
(674) Little Alarm 110 10
572 Santa Catarina 10s 12
592 Brambella Uo|l3
5 2
1 h
4 1
6 4
11 2
7 h
3 h ■
8 4
10 4
9 10
2 Hi
12
13
6 4
1 4
4 4
7 4
8 4
6 4
3 1
... . 10 1
11
..." 9 4
2 4
12
13
1 h IClayton
2 3 Thorpe
3 2 jHennessy
4 14 Ruiz
5 h lOray
6 1 McDonald ...
7 2 IConley
8 4' ISpencer
9 1 'Taylor
10 3 [E. Jones
11 IDorsey
12 iEnos
13 jH. Brown ...
6-5
6
40
60
15
60
12
4
40
5
8
60
15
1
7
60
60
20
75
15
4
100
6
20
100
30
Time, 1:15',i- Winner, W. B. Jennings & Co.'s br. c. by imp. Sir Modred-Glorlane.
Good start. Won first three driving.
706.
THIRD P.ACE — One and an eighth miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
purse, $400.
I me*.
619 Parthemax. 4 10514 7h 7h.51 53 21 12 Thorpe 4-5 1
628 Paul Pry. 6 11017 21 12 13 13 lh 23 Clayton 12 20
6«2 Benamela, 5 106! 8 6h 6 ',£ 4 3 4V4 4H 3% IClawson 12 30
652 Daylight, 6 106 6 lh 2M> 2h 22 31 4h Conley jl2 15
689 Rey del Tierra. 4.. .1021 5 42 32% 3* 3h 5 4 5H IGray ; 4 2
(617) Peter the Second. 6.lW' 9 8h 9% 74 63 64 62 Hennessy .... 20 30
611 Don Clarencio. 4. ...102 19 lv 10 7h 7 3 710 Jones 20 20
611 Co.la .", 103. 2 Sh 51 84 95 84 84 Spencer 30 40
f.74 Miss Ruth. 6 10l' 3 61 41 64 8h 95 920 O'NV.I M 0 250
689 Sonlro, 4 99J10 _10_ _S 4 9 4 10 10 10 JHolmes |60 100
Time, 1:55%. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's b. h. by Imp. Maxlm-Parthenla. Good
start. Won easily.
7A7 FOI.'RTH RACE— Seven and a half furlongs; selling; t:
i \J C • purse, $400.
:.\
6SI Scarf Pin, 4 97i 2
(689) Refugee. 5 110! 3
6:<o Montallade, 5 102 ! 3
693 McLlght. a lOfii 8
624 Imperious, 3 88! 1
627 Cabrlllo, 6 111! 7
... f-t. Distaff, 4 991 4
. . . Rebecca Welis. 3 .. 86! 8
1 2
2 h
6 1
4 h
3 2
8
1 2
2 4
6 4
.41
3 h
5 1
7 2
8
1 14
1 2
6 2
2 h
4 h
6 G
7 4
8
1 1
4 4
E 5
2 1
3 h
f 10
7 15
8
1 14
2 h
3 h
4 10 !
5 6 !
6 10
7 20 h
8 [
ray
. Brown . . .
lawson
horpe
Woods ....
'caver
4
3
4
8-5
4
6
40
30
7-2
7
5
5-2
5
15
150
40
. Narvaez ..
•alls
Tim?. 1:35. Winner, E. W. Purser's eh. m. by Springbok-imp. Emerald.
Won first three driving.
Good start.
708 FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs; selling; three-years-old; purse, $350.
681 Valenclenne 117 1
584 Good Friend 117 4
681 Abina 117 8
64. r . The Ace lit 7
(62!>) Ping 122 2
620 Magnus 119 10
5«0 Pan Durango 119 ill
674 Hertha 1171 5
657 Formella 1177 9
620 Aluminum 119 3
C6S Elldad 122; 8
1 h
6 14
2 2
6 h
4 24
5 4
7 h
3 4
9 1
10 3
11
1 3
1 6 2
2 1
6 4
74
t 4
4 3
9 3
10 6
11
1 3
3 M
• 2 2
5 4;
41:
7 4
i 9 4
: 6 4
10 10
11
1 14 iSpencer
2 3 IConley
3 3 Jones
4 h Thorpe
5 3 Clayton
6 3 C. Sloan ....
7 4 IVan Kuren ..
8 4 'Taylor
9 3 ;Henne»sy
10 10 Woods
11 JTubervllle ...
5
7-5
6
6
2
15
60
30
40
20
30
7-2
2
5
10
7-2
•30
80
40
40
30
30-
Time, 1:01%. Winner. E. F. Frederlckson's eh. f. by Bt.
start. Won all out.
09.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs: selling;
; purse, $300.
014 Chappie, 4 ]
625 Major Cook, G ....:
675 Miss Rcsb. S i
665 ■ Devil "B Dream. 4..:
683 Pat Murphy, 6 — :
(614) Sea Spray, 6 1
630 King William. 5 ..
(572 > La. Maacota. 5 I
4
I
5
2
1
6
8
7
1 4
2 1
5 h
4 1
8 h
I*
8
7 h
1 1
2 h
6 4
Vi
4 %
6 h
.8 v .
7 %■■•
1 3
3 4*
6 3
:4 %
2%
6 1 i
••7 2 M
8
1 h
* 2%
3 ns
4 H
5 h
6 3
< : 1 2 •
8 .
SC-vr/----
;Donald ...
eneer
orpe
iwson
nley
Sloan
well |
Won
first choice past the judges a lengrth
and a half. Eoaie Jones got Ablna home
in the show.
TRfICK ITEMS.
Arthur Helnrichs, the Jockey who gained
much notoriety in turf circles some four years
ago through his connection with the Little Pete
scandal, which resulted in his being ruled oft
the turf, together with Jockeys Chorn and
Chevalier, is paying California a visit. Hein
rk'hs was recently ruled off the outlawed Sln
gerly track, a battery having been found in his
possession at the conclusion of a race. On
Monday the disgraced rider was notified that
his presence was undesirable on the grounds.
He again put in an appearance yesterday, and
when told by President Williams to keep away
from the track, attempted to assault the latter.
He was taken from the grounds and placed
under arrest.
Conley's ride on Good Friend was a very bad
one. It was about on a par with the weak
effort furnished by little McNichols astride the
unlucky Lucky Star. This latter horse should
have won several purses during the meeting
now in progress, but either good or bad man
agement has kept him from doing so.
There was not much doing on Howard in the
betting and the horse ran as though short.
He is a most uncertain quantity to be a record
I Don't Know appears to have lost all of his
old time speed. He could not run across the
street yesterday.
The ring laid 100 to 1 against Rio Frio, the
show horse in the second event. Mike Hen
nessy put up a good ride on the outsider.
Hulda, the great race mare owned by A. B.
Spreckels, W j tn a record of 2.O?Vi, campaigned
through the grand circuit some years ago by
Orrin Hickok. recently foaled a fine looking
bay colt at Palo Alto Stock Farm, by Cupid
(2:18). a son of Sidney. The grand mare will
this year be bred to Dexter Prince.-
The stable hands at the Napa ranch of A. B.
Spreckels are happy. Honny Geraldine, the
erstwhile idol of the California turf, holder
of the world's record for half a mile over a
straightaway course, made at Morris Park.
August SO, ISS9, and whose six and a half fur
long record withstood the assaults of all the
cracks of the country for several seasons,
dropped a chestnut foal by Ravelgton
early In the week. Ravelston is a son of Flam
beau, and great things were expected of him,
but an unexpected break-down necessitated
nls early retirement. "Gerry" was a phe
nomenally fast piece of racing furniture, and
the career of her son will be eagerly watcht \
by turf followers.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First Race— Five-eighths of a mile: selling.
674 Entrata ....1001 687 Moringa 101
674 Kummel 100 ... Fleming 113
... Miss Kowena ..i^ 705 Dk. of York .110
543 Queen Blazes. . .105; 114 Judge Napton...lo7
602 Rosa 100 241 Napogue 113
SIC Muldrew 105 : 590 Glen Ann 105
653 Towanda lOil 576 Little T G 105
392 Mordeeat 1W 29$ St. Phillip 107
674 Malnbar 1051
Second Race — Half mile; selling; two-year
olds.
6«o Complimentary 1061 ... Oiler 112
MS Oraibee 100 . 698 Malay 103
676 Engea 103 ; 698 IJuena Ventura. 105
688 Mossbrae 109 1 692 Santello 103
698 Raclvan 971 616 Dtinpralse 109
... Purmlah 97' 698 Toluca 97
698 Semicolon 105 1 (603) E. Come 114
Third Race — Three-quarters of a mile; sell-
Ing. .
705 Good Friend ...107 667 Odds On 112
... Hohenlohe 107 630 Chihuahua 103
707 Imperious .. 109 705 Soscol 104
Fourth — One mile; Rancho del Paso
Handicap: three-year-olds; value, $1230.
552 Linstock 107 l 6SI Blarney Stone. .loo
696 Gotobed 105 220 Wrinkler 90
702 Marplot 10S (337) 5t. Cuthbert ...IIS
(671)Napamax 1171 666 Los Prietos 105
679 Traverser 1241
Fifth Three-quarters of a mile; three
year-olds and upward.
697 Tea Rose 111... 98| ... California 108
653 Bellicoso 106; 697 Libertine 113
67 Celoso 9S| 621 Earl Cochran ..103
(675) R. Q. Ban lOo! (697) Paul Grlggs 110
Sixth — One and an eighth miles; four
year-olds and upward.
63S Serena 101! 6R2 Metalre 103
639 Palomaclta 1041 700 Tulare 105
706 Paul Pry 105' 609 Widow Jones ... 97
693 Our Climate ....103! 884 Red Glenn 103
690 Lincoln II 105, 706 Peter II 109
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Rowena, Little T G, Mor
decal.
Second Race— E. Come. Mossbrae, Engea.
Third Race Odds On, Chihuahua, Good
Friend.
Fourth — Burns & Waterhouse stable,
St. Cuthbert.
Fifth Race— Paul Grigrgs, California, Tea
Rose 111.
Sixth Race— Serena. Lincoln 11, Palomacita,
■
Jesuits Give a Mission.
A two weeks' mission, to be conducted
by the Jesuit Fathers, Rev. 11. M. Finne
gan and A. G. Van der Eerden. will be
opened in St. Peter's Church to-day. Sol
emn high mass will be said at 10:30
o'clock, at which the inaugural discourse
will be delivered.
To Cur« Headache in 15 Minutes.
Dr. Davis" Anti-Headache. All Druggists.'
THE SA:N FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDXESDAY, MARCH 9, 1898.
THE GUARDS
NEED PRACTICE
National Guardsmen Who Are
Ready and Willing to Go
to the Front.
Reorganizing the Cadet Company.
What the New Uniforms
Are Like.
On several occasions the attention of
the proper officers has been called to the
fact that the National Guard of the State
of California should be placed in the best
condition possible in the matter of arms,
and that the State could procure an ex
change of the old-style Springfield rifles
for the modern ones, that a short time
since were discarded by the United States
army for the Krag-Jorgensens. "While
the modern Springfields are not the equal
of the arms now in use in the United
States army, they are as much superior
to the old 6prlngfields, which the Na
tional Guard of this State has, as the
Krag - Jorgensens are to the modern
Springfields. The exchange was promised
many months ago, but there has been so
much dilatoriness that the members of
the guard are still without the improved
weapons. Unless the proper officers "get
a move on" and urge the representatives
of California at Washington to have the
War Department issue the arms to the
guard of this State, the other States will,
in view of the preparations that are be
ing made all over the country for pos
sible war, secure their quota ana Cali
fornia will be left. In addition to it.c
in.mer of procuring arms for the men,
something should be done, and that witn
out delay, in the matter of rille practice,
so that "men might become more accus
tomed to the use of arms. The present
regulations are in such a condition that
the men are unable to obtain the amount
ol rractice they ought to have to enable
them to be at least fair marksmen at the
several ranges to which the weapon.?
carry. If there should be a call for vol
unteers the men of the National Guard
ought to be able to know how to handi?
and use the weapons placed in their
hands. Thete are a great many men in
the guard at this time, who would be will
ing to give up Sundays to go to the
•. anges to become proficient, but they are
not permitted to do so because of an or
der from the commander-in-chief to the
effect that there must not be any taigec
praiiice on Sunday. Ami these men c i:i
not spare the time from their labors dur
ing week days to go to the lurgvis. I;
is stated that Colonel Park Henshaw, in
spector-general of rifle practice, has de
termined to call a meeting of th? in
spectors of rille practice of the th"c*
brigades for the purpose of discussing the
necessity of changing the present rules.
It is the hope of those most interested
that stirh changes as may be made will
be practical and not grand-stand ones.
EMPLOYERS NOT TO B^AME.
At the time the First Infantry went I
into camp at Ukiah last year a number !
of members of the companies did not go, !
and each handed in the old excuse, "My ;
employer would not let me off." There '
were so many of these that Colonel Smith |
determined to ascertain if it were true
so many employers were unpatriotic
enough to refuse to allow their employes j
to perform a duty imposed by the State. :
The result was Jiat exceedingly few of |
the employers declared that they could j
not allow their employes to absent them- j
selves on such duty, and the exception
was only in cases where the employer had
but one employe, whom he could not al- j
low to leave for a week without great :
detriment to his business. After having
had a full report in each case the de
linquents were brought up for neglect
of duty, and all such have been fined and !
Beverai have been dropped for the good of
the service. It is expected these examples
will teach the regiment a lesson not to be
forgotten.
READY FOR THE FRONT.
In view of the possibility of war, the
officers and men of the First Regiment
have consulted, and as a result they
have decided to offer their services to the
General Government the very moment
there is a call for volunteers. They de
clare themselves willing and ready to go
wherever ordered, but in case of war
with Spain they would prefer to he sent
to the front. Many of the company com
manders have received applications to
join in case of a declaration of war, and
from the number of such applications
there is no doubt that the Fir3t Infantry
would be ready to march with full ranks
within twenty-four hours after the call.
PETALUMA, March 7.— The members
of Company C, Captain Maciay, decided
at a recent meeting to Increase the com
pany to its full legal limit— lo3 men.
Many eligible men have received requests
to join the company. The war talk of the
past few weeks has aroused the patriot
ism of the members of this company, who
express themselves as ready to go to the
front at a moment's notice should occa
sion arise. Their constant drilling shows
that they do not intend to be found want-
Ing in knowledge if called upon. Several
ex-members have signified their intention
to re-enlist, and Captain Maciay is in re
ceipt of letters from a number of ab
sentees who desire to be notified if their
services should be needed. This company
was organized June 29, 1869, when it was
known as the Hewston Guard. The com
pany is making arrangements for the
celebration of the thirtieth anniversary
of the organization, which will occur
next year. Of the old organization the
only local surviving members are: Ma
jor Armstrong, then captain; Hiram
Kundwin, J:.mes Stinson and Frank
Schell, who as armorer is still an active
member.
THE CADET COMPANY.
The Cadet Company, Captain Charles G.
Bartlett, attached to the First Infantry,
is being organized anew. Under the pro
visions of section 2032, rules and regula
tions for the National Guard, the officers
a at this time enlisting boys of the sev
eral High Schools* of this city who are!
over jive feet six inches in height and
able bodied. The enlistment, a result of
the war talk, was commenced two weeks
ago. and up to Saturday last the member
ship roll was increased to 102 officers and
men.
Ever since the Cadet Company was or
ganized by Colonel W. R. Smedberg thir
teen years ago the company has been lo
cated in the Lowell High School on Sut
ter street, but as the quarters there are
too contracted to accommodate the in
creased company it will leave the old !
armory and accommodations for it will
probably be provided in 'the regimental
armory at Page and Gough streets. The
change will be for the better, as for some
time past ther« was a lack of interest In
the company on the part of the pupils of
the school and of the teachers.
One difficulty in the company at this
time is the lack of equipments, and that
will be made apparent when the inspec
tion is held on the 21st. but the officers
expect that the deficiency will be noted
by the proper officers and the wants met.
In the work of reorganization the officers
have been assist**,! materially by Cap
tain A. J. Kelleher.
THE NEW UNIFORMS.
The first batch of new uniforms. In
tended for the company at Grass Valley,
was received in this city a few days
since. They were submitted to the in
spector from the United States army,
who pronounced them not only up to the
standard of the specifications, but in
some details better than was called for.
"If," said he. "all are like these, the
Guard of California will have the very
best uniforms ever furnished any guard."
NAVAL MILITIA.
A. E. Morgan lieutenant, junior grade,
and surgeon of the division at San Uiego,
and Ensign Delaney of Santa Barbara
were on the Pinta on the way down
when It was discovered that her boilers
were leaking. They will remain here un
til repairs are completed and so for ten
days the Marion win be their headquar
ters.
■ ♦ ■
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Marie Schultz to Ernest H. F. and Sophie
Oels, lot on S\V corner of Richland and South
avenues. S 100 by W 100, lots 23 to 26. block o
Holly Park Tract; JW.
John K. Cline to Susan E. Cline. lot on E
line of Twenty-eighth avenue, 100 N or X
street. N 25 by E 120; gift.
Robert G. Hooker to Joseph F. Perini and
Filomena de Lariviere, lot on SW corner of
Sacramento and I.arkln streets, W 300 by S
40:2 V«; 110.
Florence J. McAuliffe and J. S. Reid (by B.
P. Oliver, commissioner) to Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society, lot on N line of Oak street
200 E of Fillmore, E 25 by N 137:6: $7842.
James and Clotilde Soutade Hinsley to Henry
Doscher, lot on \V line of Pierce street, 25 S
of O'Farrell, S 25 by W 57:6; $10.
Eunice E., Carrie L. and Lydia L. Hatch (all
by C. D. Allen, attorney) to Henry Ryder, lot
on W line of Elgin Park, Ib 3 NotN ot Ridley
street, N 22 by \V To: $10.
George or Giorgio Scarpa to Helena P. Scar
pa, lot on S line of Sixteenth street, 1C8:6 E of
Dolores, E 65 by S 111); gilt.
Thomas F. Power to Alice R. Power, undi
vided of lot on \V line of Treat avenue. 145
S of Twenty-fourth street, W 112:6 by S 25;
gift.
Mary T. Mullln to John McCormick, lot on
S line of Golden Gate avenue. 137:6 W of Hyde
street, S 137:6 by W 34-4 V*: $10.
Robert S. Knight to Henrietta C. Knight, lot
on SW line of Spear street, 153:4 K\V of Fol
som, NW 45:10 by SW 137:6: gift.
George E. and "Catherine A. Pinder to City
and County of San Francisco, lot <<n NW line
of Bryant street, 115 SW of Third, SW 19:6 by
NW W; $3000.
George F. Lyon to Gustaf E. Lindqulst, lot
on Kw corner of San Bruno avenue (Nebraska)
and Nineteenth street (Butte), N 25 by W 100;
$10.
Clara H. Wise to Wallace C. Wise, lot on N
line of Point Lintms avenue. S3 W of Fourth
avenue. \V 0:2 N 100 E 0:2. S 48:6, W 0:2, «
40:fi. E 0:2. S 11; gift.
Same to same, lot on N line of Point Lobos
avenue, !>3:2 W of Fourth avenue. W 24:4 by N
100; gift.
Michael Wallace to Mary Wallace, lot on E
line of Nineteenth avenue] 225 N of X street,
X 25 by E 120; $10.
Mary M. B. Martin to William T. B*ck. lot
on W line of Tenth avenue, 150 S of L street,
S 7') by W 120; $10.
August and Sophie Mayer to Loul6a Sears
(wife of Charles L ). lot on NE corner of S
street and Twentieth avenue. N 100 by E 32:6;
gift.
Patrick B. Rodgers to Mary A. Rodgers and
Teresa J. Loughran. lots 320. 322, 326 and 419,
Gift Map No. 3; gift.
H. M. Wilson to H H Stevens (administra
tor of the estate of Sarah Stevens), all inter
est in estate of Sarah Stevens. No. 13.541, in
consideration of surrender of notes: — .
Charles McCarthy to Amanda Olson, lot 14,
block 15, Lakeview; $10.
Alameda County.
A. M. and M. Leonardo to Jose Bernardo,
beginning at a point on S line of 100-foot right
of way of Central Pacific Railroad Company at
W corner of lands of Leonardo by deed of June
4. 18S8. SE 8.59 chains to exterior boundary line
of Rancho El Valle de San Jose, thence NE 7i
feet. N\V 3V! <hatns. BW 7B to beginning, Town
of Sunol. Washington Township: 310 .
Antonio and Erminia Bertola to Hyacinth
and Margaret Gil, lot on N line of West Four
teenth street, 82 E of Cypress. E 25 by N 110.
block 553. Oakland, quitclaim deed; $1.
Charles and Josephine M. F-oag to W Jlllam
Walsh, lot on S line of Forrest avenue. 430:6
E of Center street, E 61:8 by S 102:.-., Berke
ley; also lot on S line of Forrest avenue, 307:6
E of Center street, E 61 :G by S 102:. i, lots 15
and 17. block D. property of Berkeley Home
stead Association, Berkeley; $10.
.T. M. and Mary D. Bartlett to S. J. and
Ernerett L. Anderson, lot on W line of public
street 60 feet wide mentioned in deed of Marie
Hillegass et al. to Jennie C. Barrow and re-
COTded in 382 d 136. IBS X of Bancroft way, N 35
by W 157.23. portion of plat 71. Rancho \. and
D. Peralta. Berkeley; also lot on S line of
Prince street S9 09 E of Denkin. E 44 by S 130,
lot 3, block I. O. D. Baldwin's sulMllvislon of
portion of Woolsey Tract. Berkeley; $•>.
Oakland Water Front Company to 8. L. M.
Barlow, all of block 245. except all rights and
franchises of dockage, etc. quitclaim deed.
Oakland; $1. _ ,
Cary Howard (administrator estate Walter
W. Blow> to Onkland Bank of vln f s - aII
Interest in lot 3. block D. Broadway and Tele
graph Avenue Homestead, Oakland Annex;
William G. Henshaw and Victor H. Metcalf
to James F. Kane, lot 33. Fruitvale Glen.
Brooklyn Township: $10.
W J MeGrath to James H. Ross, lots 21
and 2G, subdivided Frank Ptlva Tract. sub
ject to mortgage for $250, Brooklyn Township;
* Joseph M. Costello to Philip H. MeVlear, lot
on N line of Railroad avenue. HiO \\ of I
street. N lEO by W 50. beine portion of Plat D.
Ladd Tract, town of Livermore, Murray Town
ship; }10. _ . _
K. I), and Ida B. Winters to Sarah Racey.
lot on W tine of Elm Etreet. 100 N of Haw
thorne avenue. N 50 by W 125. helns lot 40.
block 2204. Buena Vista Homestead. Oak-
land; $10. ,
A. J. and Anna E. Samuel to Delia E.
Johnson (wife of L. P.), lnt nn W line of
Cypress street, 120 S of West Tenth, S 45 by
W MB, boinjr lot 27. block 662. Eighth-street
Tract. Oakland: $10.
William and Catherine D. Murdoch to W.
F Woods, lot on NW line Of F"iirth avenue.
mo NE of Fifteenth street, NW ISO by NE
50. blo<-k 75, Clinton. East Oakland; $2000.
1,. P. find Delia E. Johnson to A. J.
Samuel, lot on S line of Charming way, X 0
W of Fulton street. W B0 by 9 150, block 3.
property College Homestead Association.
Berkeley; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
WMia, Farsr" & Co. (owners) with c. B. Par
cells (contractor), architects Percy & Hamil
ton, all hard Bteel and chrome Bteel vault lin
ings and ilonrs. cupboar-l safes, et*. in six
rtory attic ami basement fireproof building on
NE line of Second stre n t. i 1" from N corner of
Mission and Second streets, NE 112 by SE 180.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE f the San Francisco
Call, corner of MarKet ?nd Thlnl streets, open
until 12 o'clock every mcht In the yeer.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; op«»n until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:3* o'clock.
1?41 Mission street; open until 10 r'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1506 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
etreets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION Lodffe No. 169, F. and A. M.— . m
Called meetlnpr THIS (WEDNESDAY) Jt*
EVENING .it 7:30 o'clock. Second de- Yjf
grec C. D. HUNKER, Secretary. f^T
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, , F. and A. m
M.— Called meeting THIS (WEDNE6- JV.
DAY) EVENING, March 9, at 7 T&Jf
o'clock. Second and third decrees. /^r *
THKO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
CROCKET I^lge. No. 139, F. and A. ■
M.— Degrees two and three THIS _^%
• WEDNESDAY) EVENING. March i.
at 7:30 o'clock. By order of the \V. M. r^\
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary.
VERY important meeting of the m
Knights of the Red Branch at their }f A
hall, corner Mason and O'Farrell sts., tV>#
THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING. **»•»'
March 9. at 8 o'clock. THE PRESIDENT.
BAY CITY Lodge No. 117. K. of. P.. J&r-
223 Slitter St.— The rank of knight «- J&
(long form) will be conferred upon *^QsK»
four esquires on WEDNESDAY
EVENING. March 9, at 8 o'clock. Visiting
and local knights are specially invited to
be present.
CHARLES C. MORRIS, K. of R. and S.
L. KAUFMAN. C. C.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered. $2 50 up; whitened, $1 up.
MM Twenty-fourth st., or 239 Third St.
MRS. DR. NICE -Genuine steam vapor cabi-
net baths, Jl. 17 A Sixth St., room 1.
MME. HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor St.
MISS Mays' genuine massage, baths, alcohol
and Turkish. RS6 I: amy et., room 9.
ANIMALS, bird* and reptiles bought, sold
and exchanged. Address FRANK C. 808-
TOCK. the Zoo, San Francisco.
MRS. SHELI ON. genuine steam and cabinet
baths. SlOti Market St., room Tl.
bAD tenants ejected for $4; collections nuide;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., room 6; tei. 5580.
MRS. STEWEKT, genuine steam and cabmet
baths. 120V4 Geary st., room 11.
MRS. DR. FIPH, rm. 2. 116 A Grant aye.; elec-
trlclan; alcohol, Turkish baths; unrivaled.
DIVIDEND NOTiCKS.
1>IVII«EN1> Notice- Dividend No. 53 i forty
cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Co. will be payable at the office
of the company. 327 Market St., on and after
Monday, Man h 21. IS!'S. Transfer books will
close on Tuesday, March 15, IS9B, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
SWEDISH girl first-class cook and house-
worker; good laundress; 4 years last place;
city or country. MRS. NORTON, 323 3utter.
A NO. 1 American cook, best of city references,
desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
316 Sutter St.
■WANTED— Cooks, chambermaids, nurseglrls
and girls for housework. MRS. HIRD, 631
Larkin st.
YOUNG lady, speaking English. German and
Danish, wishes a position as companion to a
lady or as nursery governess; no objections
to traveling. Address MISS ERICKSON, 25
Clipper St., bet. 25th and 26th.
PRACTICAL and thoroughly first-class ladies'
tailor from Paris. London and New York,
with some good experience in cutting and
fitting, wants a situation in- a first-class
house. Box 1600. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED WoM.VN. American, under-
stands care of children, desires position as
nurse or care of children with other light
work. Address MRS. N. DOUGLAS, 949 How-
ard st.
WANTED— Housework In city by neat Ameri-
can woman; in family with children pre-
ferred: not afraid of work; wages $15. Ad-
dress box 151S, Call office.
COMPETENT young American woman wishes
housework in American family; $20 month:
across the bay preferred. Call for 2 days 114
Fourth at., room 4*.
HOUSEWORK by reliable woman; good cook;
city or country: moderate wages. 911 Howard.
WANTED— Position to do light housework or
take care of children. 684 ft Howard, room 66.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
YOUNG lady, university graduate, wishes po-
sition as traveling governess or amanuensis;
has studied French, German and art. 916
Fourth aye.. Oakland.
COMPETENT, reliable young woman wishes
position; chamber work or light housework,
or any position of trust. A. 8., box 1400. Call.
GERMAN girl wants a place to do general
housework in a small* family. 518 Birch aye.,
bet. Fulton and Grove, off Laguna.
ELDERLY Protestant woman wants work; is
a good plain cook: any distance in the coun-
try. Call or address 22% Seventh st.
WOMAN, for cooking or housework; reference:
city or short distance In country- Please call
or address 474 Jessie St., near Sixth.
COMPETENT German woman wishes situation
for housework; good cook; city or coun-
try. Address 621 California st.
SITUATION wanted by a girl to care for chil-
dren. Apply to MISS ALEXANDER, 756 Har-
rison st., near Fourth.
RESPECTABLE young girl wishes a situation
as nurse girl ; wages $12 to $15. Please call
at ni Jessie st.
LADY desires position as nurse or traveling
companion; can give references. Address 131
Montgomery st.
DRESSMAKER, good cutter and fitter, wishes
work by the day, 75c and carfare. 538 Minna
st., near Sixth.
WANTED— By trustworthy woman, a situa-
tion as chambermaid; city or country- 110
Sixth st.
GIRL from the country- wants to do general
housework in small respectable family; wages
Va 706 Gough st.
WOMAN wishes any kind of work by the day;
good laundress. Address 1650 Polk st.
POSITION wanted in private family; refer-
ences. Call 226 Turk st.
GIRL wants position second work: good sewer;
wages $12. Address A. P., box 71, Call office.
POSITION as housekeeper or oare of Invalid;
references. f,30 Eighth st.. Oakland.
LADY wishes plain sewing and repairing to do
at home. 116 Sixth St., room 6.
WOMAN wants situation to work by the day.
421 Fourth st., room 35.
NEW YORK lady desires a position; a first-
class housekeeper; In small family. Address
MRS. MAGGIE BERRY, The Globe, room 12,
821 Howard st, near Fourth.
SITUATION as German cook; no objections to
help with washing. Box 1499, Call Office.
SITUATION wanted by first-class English
cook; French and American cooking; good
reference; private family. 204 Second St.,
between Folsom find Howard.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes a
position to do light housework or as house-
keeper in city; good home more of ' object
than wage?. Box 1496. Call Office.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class waitress
and parlor maid: good references. Box 1495
Call Office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman; situation to do gen-
eral housework; a good home more than
wages; city or country. IOC'/j Third st., r. 7.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day in
kitchen; Is good German and American cook
Call 1436 Pine St., near Polk.
YOUNG lady wishes housekeeper's position or
do plain mending. 1104 Mission St., corner
of Seventh, room 10.
GOOD cook and housekeeper; city or country;
references. Address MRS. J. W., box 10 Call
Office. Oakland.
YOUNG lady wishes situation as housekeeper
or do chamber work. 953 Howard St., cor.
Sixth, room 14.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position as
housekeeper; country preferred. Call 109 A
Powell ft., room 39.
TOUNG lady wishes a rosltion as typewriter.
Apply 2.1 Grant aye.
YOUNG German woman wishes working house-
keeper's position or to do plain mending.
81KB Howard St., room 3.
LADY wishes situation to do plain sewing and
repairing. 139 Fourth St.. loom 10.
GOOD neat German girl wishes a place for
housework. 14 Rausch st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main ttW. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay St.
JAPANESE. Chinese Employm t Office; house
cleaning; tel. Grant 56. Geo. Aoki. 30 Geary.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau — Choice help.
Tel. East 777. 806 Geary St.
JAPANESE employment office; work day,
hour or evening. 122% OFarrell; tel. Davis «K.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414 ft OFarrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Employm't Office— Best help and
Northern Hsclng Co. 1808 Polk; tel. Polk 422.
RELIABLE young man wishes position to
drive wagon; good references. Address G. T.
T. . 36 Eighth st.
WATCHMAKER and Jeweler wants employ-
ment; town or country. Address box 41,144,
Call office.
HANDY elderly man desires llgrht work of any
kind; small wages; city references. Box 1468,
Call office.
GARDENER— First-class gardener with good
references wishes a steady situation. Address
box 15,115. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by man and wife on a
gentleman's farm or ranch. Box A 1401, Call.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desires position;
references. Box 1327, Call office.
TRAVELING salesman of considerable experi-
ence wants side line on commission; tea, cof-
fee or a line to sell to hotels or restaurants;
commission to be paid when goods are ac-
cepted by the buyer; I carry Bradstreet. Ad-
dress Commercial Traveler, box 1492, Call.
AN all-round practical track man wants situ-
ation as foreman; has had 16 years' expe-
rience in construction and yard work; best
of references. Address box 14S1. Call.
MAN wants situation as gardener or to take
care of horses; handy about the house. 709%
Buchanan St.
BARBER, first-class man, 29 years of age,
married, wants steady work in first-class
shop only. Address L. LAMBERT, 431 Sixth.
MAN and wife would like to take charge of
vineyard or orchard; understand wine-mak-
ing and frult-drylng. Box 1498. Call.
YOUNG man wants situation; any kind of
work; city or country ; understands cows,
horses, grarden; reference. Address J. A.
MaoDONALI), 214 Third St.
POSITION wanted by licensed engineer and
machinist; can do blacksmtthing; reference.
Address Engineer, box 195, Call Office.
YOUNG man of 21. well acquainted with city,
wishes position; references given. Box 1522,
Call.
RELIABLE steady middle-aged German
wishes position in a private family; good
driver; understands gardening thoroughly;
handy with tools; references; city or country.
Box 1520. Call.
ALL-AROUND woodsman wishes a situation
as such to go to Alaska for a corporation,
providing fare Is paid; is able to run an en-
gine. Address F. W. J.. Humboldt House.
1309 Stockton st.
GOOD, steady and reliable butcher wishes a
situation In the city. Address 2965 Twenty-
first st.
YOUNG man who has served 2 yearß at
plumber's trade would like to finish In good
shop. Address box 1510, Call.
ENGLISH groom, middle aged, steady and reli-
able, wants work; good city references; small
wages. Address Groom, box 1490, Call office
BUSINESS men— Practical bookkeeper and of-
fice manager wants to fill vacancy occasioned
by Klondike exodus or otherwise. Account-
ant, 1212 Castro st., Oakland.
JAPANESE boy wants a position to do light
work. S. S.. IS Natoma st.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper and office man
desires position in wholesale mercantile line-
references. Box 1519, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, 25c to $150 night: $1 50 to $4
week: convenient and respectable; fre« 'bus
and Lat:i;a«e to and from firry.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
WAITRESS, hotel, north. $20; 2 waitresses
same hotel, country, $20; 3 waitresses for a
beautiful winter and summer resort. South-
ern California, $20; waitresses, country hotels
near city. $18. $-15; 2 hotel waitresses, city $20
and room, 2 restaurant waitresses; 5 lunch
n dln .^S r^ waltreBses - ' 20 - c -" R - hansen
& CO.; 108 Geary st.
COOK for family of 4. Reno. Nev.; no baking
rCO. a lo8 nf «e^y 'sT C ' R ' HANSE "
2 RESTAURANT waitresses. $6 a week~lnd~s2s
v month. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary?
RANCH cook. Gtlroy, $20, fare paid; ranch
cook, Lindsay, $20. fare paid: ranch cook
CollinMille. $18; cook. Belmont, $15 C r!
HANSEN & CO., 10S Geary st.
2 GERMAN or Swedish laundresses. Institu-
tion, $20 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
2 FIRST-CLASS hotel chambermaids, $20 and
free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 10S Geary.
HELP WAS'iiD- Continued.
FRENCH second girl. $20; 2 German second
girls. $20 and $25: second girl, country, $20.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st^
HOUSEWORK girl, sleep home, $12. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COLORED girl as nurse, $10: laundress, $30.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress. $20. Oakland;
2 second girls. $20 and $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl. PS; 10 housework girls, city and
country $20. $25 and $30; 6 young girls, as-
sist. $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 32", Sutter st.
CHAMHERMAID ana wait, small hotel, $1":
fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl. $15. country; fare paid. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young fcirl, light work, $12; laundress,
$30. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
DINNEB waitress, $7 50 per week. MISS CUL-
LEN. 326 Sutter St.
COLORED girl, housework. $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 225 Sutter st.
PROTESTANT second girl and nurse, $25; Ger-
man second girl and maid, $25: waitress, res-
taurant. $5 and $8 week: 2 waitresses, country
hotels, $20; 3 second girls, $15 and $20; 2
laundresses, $25 and $30; 6 German girls,
housework and cooking. $20. $2. r . and $30; 25
Protestant and Irish girls, general house-
work. $20 and $25; 15 young girls, light house-
work. $12 and $13. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
316 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl for cooking and housework
for 1 lady, $20. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 31S
Sutter st.
COOK for a student boarding house, Palo Al-
to, $30. see party here. MRS. NORTON, 323
Sutter st.
FRENCH second girl. $20: housegirl, Monterey,
$30; housegirl, Merced. $25, 2 in family: house-
girl, Oakland $25: cook, $30: 10 housegirls.
city, at $25 and $20. MRS. NORTON, 323
Putter st.
GERMAN housegirl. two in family; $20. MRS.
NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
NEAT Irish housegirl. American family, $25.
MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter St.
COOK and second girl, same house, $20 and $15.
MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter St.
SECOND girl, country. $20; 3 second girls, $13,
city. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
NEAT woman for housework on small ranch,
Santa Clara County, $15; gee party here.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
GIRLS and women for house-work and cook-
ing; country places. MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
LADY bookkeepers, companions, stenograph-
ers and typewriters, housekeepers and sales-
ladies, secure permanent and good-paying
positions throush the Ladies' Exchange
i managed by ladles); call and Investigate
our system. Room 4. 1023 Market st.
GIRL for city, $2r, to $10; girl for Mendocino
County, $20. MRS. SPENCER, 1321 Park St..
Alameda.
WAITRESSES— 2S first-class waitresses want-
ed. Call at 102 O'Farrell St., Wednesday
evening. March 9, at 8:30.
WANTED— An elderly lady to assist In light
housework; exchange for board and clothes;
small familly: good home to right person.
Call at 32SS Mission st.
GIRL to do general housework; must be a good
cook; must have good references. 13 Scott
st. Call bet. S and 12.
WANTED— A young girl to assist in light
housework; one that can sleep at home;
wages. $10. Apply 684 Sixth St.
WANTED — A Protestant eirl for housework
and plain cooking: small family; wages $15.
Call IW2 Washington st.
FIRST-CLASS tailorcFS on vests. Apply at
4104 Natoma st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to take care of a
baby. .2323 V, Pine st.
GERMAN young girl to assist with house-
work and care of child. 568 Bryant St.
PROTESTANT pirl for housework; wages, $10.
17A Columbia square.
BUTTER-MAKER or milkhandler, direct from
the East. E. CRANDALL, 136 Mississippi.
TAILORESS for country. Apply REISS BROS.,
24 Sutter st.
GIRL who can make and fit tailor-made skirts.
Call at 211 Sutter st., first floor.
GIRL or woman to do housework, $12. 90
South Park.
WANTED — 6 body ironers. Cascade Laundry,
Tenth and Howard sts.
EXPERIENCED' apprentice on custom coats.
604 O'Farrell st.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser wanted. Box 1521.
Call Office.
TWO German apprentices on high grade
ladies' suits. HENRY WERTH. Ladies-
Tailor. 1105 Leavenworth St., near California.
OPERATORS on steam power sewing machines
to make Levl Strauss & Co.'s riveted cloth-
ing. Apply MR. DAVIS, 32^ Fremont st.
MEN and «-omen learn barber trade In 6
weeks. PROF. TOM CROKER. 846 Seventh.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry:
low Interest. TTNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ar.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns t&c. McDOWELL'B. 10! Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit: no trying on: trial free.
DRTwiSE. the ladles' specialist, 14 McAllister
st. ; monthly troubles, private diseases, etc.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
MALE HELP WANTED.
HOTEL man or two partners can have oppor-
tunity of first-class country hotel; doing a
splendid business. For particulars see MR.
HANSEN. 108 Geary st.
MEAT and pastry cook, $60, dishwasher. $20,
country hotel, see party here; second cook,
south, $40: waffleman, country hotel, free
fare, $35; bread and cake baker, small
country shop, $35 and found. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 108 Geary st.
COMPETENT head waiter. $75
3 waiters, country hotel, $35 and free fare;
arm waiter, near city. $30 and room; waiter,
north, $25: south, $25; 4 restaurant waiters,
$10 a week; waiter for the springs, $22 50 and
fare advanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary st.
NEAT, young, experienced hotel clerk, with
references, $35 and found; 2 bell boys for a
first-class country hotel. $15 and free fare.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
STARCHER and polisher, steam laundry, $30
and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary
street.
BROOM-MAKER. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
108 Geary st.
• GERMAN man about place, $15: assistant
gardener and care of horses, $15, for a small
i country hotel; choreboy for a ranch. $15; boy
about 12 years for light work In private
family. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary.
NUMBER of able-bodied men to help build a
railroad through the woods. $26 and board,
reduced fare; woodchopper, stove wood. $2 25
a cord; chopper and grubber. $1 75 a cord:
4* choppers and shingle bolt makers, pine and
redwood, 60c, $1 $1 10. $1 20 and $1 25 a cord,
according to the wood; redwood tie makers
8 and 10c. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary.
SAWMILL AND WOODS DEPARTMENT -
186 woodchoppers for different places. $1 25
and $1 cord; 143 shingle and box bolt makers,
$1 50 cord; 387 tlemakers, Be, 9c and 10c each-
shingle packer. MURRAY & READY, Lead-
ing Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
RAILROAD DEPARTMENT— ..IZZ
lf>s laborers to build a branch of a railroad,
$26 and found, see one of the directors here
MURRAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents. 634-636 Clay st.
TO-DAY TO-DAY
We want to ship 36 laborers, $26 and found,
to a great corporation; call early. MURRAY
& READY. Leading Employment Agents,
634-636 Clay st.
EMPLOYERS OF HELP
IF YOU DON'T GET YOUR
Help from MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay
Bt., you don't get the best help. MURRAY
& READY controls the best help on the Pa-
cific Coast. Telephone Main 5848. Help sup-
plied "free of charge."
MARRIED ™
Man and wife for a ranch in Santa Clara
County, see boM here; man and wife for a
ranch in San Luis Oblspo County. MUR-
RAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents. G34-636 Clay St.
AGRICU LTURAL DEPARTMENT
3o farm, orchard and vineyard hands wanted
for different places and counties. $25, $20 and
$15 per month and found ; 3 choreboys for
ranches. $5. MURRAY & READY, Leading
Employment Agents. 634-638 Clay st.
CITY WORK— I 6 laborers for a large corpora-
tion, $1 "a.md $1 60 day; 5 Band teamsters. $1 75
day 3 solicitors, city dairies': 2 choremen for
ity jobs. MURRAY & READY, Leading
Employment AgvxU, 634-636 Clay st.
STAHLEMKN
Wanted for a nice country stable. $25 to $30
and found; machinist for a country shop.
MURRAY St HEADY, Leading Employment
Agents, G3l-636 clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT - '.
5 cooks, different places. $50. $45. $35 and $2R;
3 waiters, $2;> and found; 4 dishwashers, $15
and $20: 3 pantrymen. $25; hotel baker. $30.
MURRAY * READY. Lending Employment
Agentfl, f.34-636 Clay st.
TO go this morning, call early. 10 railroad
laborers for mill company at Eureka, steady
work, $26 and board, half fare paid; 2 ma-
chine miners, *S a day: shingle packer. R
__T. WARD & CO.. 60S nnd 610 Clay st.
MAN and wife as cook and gardener. $40, see
party here. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.^
WANTED— MUIterB. $30 and $25; farmers; er-
rand boy for country, $7 and round, la , a bor-
ers for city. $1 75 ('.ay; 20. laborers f or; mill and
woods, $26 and found: 20 railroad laborers
and found; 25 tie makers. 8c »c and to.
voodchoppers. $1 25 cord: and others. Apply
to J F CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacramento St.
WANTED— H. Van Meter call early: hotel
cook couTitrv $60. see boss here this morn-
££rth?ri I cook? country: first and second
cook, first-class hotel. $105: hotel and ■ reetaur-
„„. waiter* city and country. $10. $20. $-5 ana
_» iTnd $"' week second butler. $40: inside
servant private "amllv. $30; and others. Ap-
pfy to J FCROSKTT& CO. « Sacramento.
rrvRWrTPAI with the system of all well-estab-
'^hed nterclntue institution, operated upon
the aubscriDtion or membeiship basis is me
old ••ReHa We Clerks' Exchange Employment
Clearinghouse. " 313 Bush' st. ;■ maintaining
strictly confidential ' relations between the
employing business establishments and he
- reliable help seeking to advanc . e frl t i iel s r^ ':
tlons; systematically investl a tin f llH c ,£ P?v
tlal*. . submitting results, and ultimate^
• bringing the employer and applicant to-
■ gether. committing neither party, and going
over the same matter again and again un-
til both are suited; the supply being greater
than the demand the demand is supr lied
••free of any expense whatever ; the supply
pays le?s than 10c per week. Inclose stamp
for catalogue. . '_
THE Clerks' Exchange does not sell positions,
the management will not promise or K'-ar-
antee situations: the business is operated
strictly upon a subscription basis; investi-
gate. 313 Bush St.: 6 Pacific Coast offices;
one membership fee covers all. .
BOOKKEEPERS, salesmen, office men. clerks,
stenographers and competent people in all
clerical lines secure lucrative and permanent
employment through the Clerks' Exchange;
call and investigate our system and see ou»
list of vacancies. 1023 Market St.. room ;>.
CLERKS' Exchange. 313 Bush St.. will not fo*
"any consideration or under any circumstance*
promise or guarantee situations; cards ara
issued good fr.r 1 year, and include the bene-
fits of 6 established Pacific Coast offices; wa
kindly request all interested to carefully
study our plans before paying fees: inclosa
stamp for catalogue.
\V\NTED— Conk for country hotel, $60, se«
party here; second cook, $50; third cook, $;>o:
waiter, plain hotel. $30; butler. $40; second
butler. $35; and others. ANDRE'S, 308 Stock-
ton st.
MAN and wife as cook and gardener, $40 to
$50. MISS CI'LLEX, 325 Sutter st.
BOY, work in office. $5 per week. MISS CULr.
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
RUTLKR. $10; second butler, $30. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— MiddIe-aged man, sober and Indus-
trious, for small ranch, understanding plow-
ing, pruning, vegetable garden; must have
good reference; a permanent home for the
right man; wages, $12 and found month. Ad-
dress G. L.. box 42. Call Office.
WANTKK- ! thoroughly experienced dre=9
goods salesmen. Apply 523 Market St., room
7, from 2 to 4 p. m.
\V ANTED- Young man for office work; must
be steady worker, quick and accurate at fig-
ures Address, stating age. references and
salary required. GRANT, box 10, Call.
FIRST-CLASS machinist— Highest wages to a
first-class workman. EL GHANG, machine
works. 105 Fremont st.
COOK, country hotel. $60; waiter, $25. Hotel
Gazette, 420 kearny st.
FINE eontmaker. bet. 7 and 8 a. m. to-day.
554 Stevenson st
WANTED— Strong boy to learn carriage black-
smithing; experience preferred. S2S Harrison
WILL give situation for loan of $250; security
and interest. W. A., ben If". <"all otflce.
WANTED—Good laundry help. Inquire at the
laundry department. Palace Hotel; early.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop. 779 Market st.
WANTED— German cook; must be steady, so-
bor man. 32 Sixth st.
BOY to work in kitchen and wait on tables;
boarding house: wages $15. 739 Fourth st.
AMATEUR musicians, brass and string, to
join orchestra for social purposes. Apply A.
MATTHIEU. 32S Bush !-t.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764*4 Mission
St., men to take rooms: 10c. 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
PHYSICIAN wanted immediately for country- ;
must be able man. Box 1497. Call office.
WANTED— Toung man who has had experience
in raising poultry on a large scale: must
know how to milk; wages $20. Address A. 8.,
box 1467, Call office.
MAN able to speak German or French in wine-
house as barkeeper; also must know how to
sell goods Indoors; only one of good charac-
ter need apply. Box 1495. Call office.
WANTED — 10 men to occupy clean rooms at
2 nights for 25c or 75c weA. lOC Now Mont-
gomery st. .
PROGRESSIVE Barbers' Free employment. H.
BERNARD. -Secy.. 102 7th: tel. South C2B.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, £17 -htrd it.; 150 largo
rooms; 25c per night; il to $3 per week.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy: able-
bodied, unmarried men. between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their Intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween S feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height.
For further information apply at the re-
cruiting office, 20 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.
GOOD man to sell Egry autographic registers.
PERNAU BROS., 543 Clay street.
EXPERIENCED presser on cloaks at M. SIM-
INOFF'S, 122S Market St.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 138H Eighth st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. neat-
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading-room;
free "bus and baggage to and from .he ferry.
ROSEDALE- House. 321 Rooms 25c to $1
■ night; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
MARKET, Branch office of The Call: want
ads and subscriptions taken.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
MARKET. SK3H (Elcho House)— Rooms 20c. 250
to BOc per night: $1 to $2 week. ■
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: SI a week. * ' ~.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Of flee. S.
FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye. Tel. Grant ISS.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED— In every city on the coast for Rex
Incandescent Gas Lamps. J. HENDERSON.
' 309 Stockton st. • .. :
FURNITURE WANTED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion st.; tel. Mint IS2I. : -
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
Itomery st. : highest prices paid. Tel. Davla 71.
«15 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call: sub-
set lptions and want *<ia taken.
PARTNERS AVAXTED.
LADY desiresTworking partner with pome capi-
tal In paying business. Call or address M.
• E. 8.. 421 Minna st. '".-- ■■
PARTNER wanted; $150; good chance. Box
1459. Call office. - :
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— By a lady ' sunny room with
board in a small boarding-house or family;
Jewish preferred; extra services needed. Box
1493, Call Office. - ■ ■» . -
LADY will teach piano, etc.. In return for
room and partial board. Box 1512. Call office.
lioi .> WANTED.
BY NEAT young couple with two children,
large sunny clean bedroom and connecting
kitchen furnished for housekeeping: porch or
yard: location between Jones and ' Polk
O'Farrell and California; rent $12. Address
":N. V., box 87. Call . ..-•",.
WANTED— A Bunny unfurnished room for a
' gentleman artist. Box 1530. v Call office. .•
WANTED— 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms.' 5C3
Franklin st. . • ; ' r . •■
WANTED— By 3 adults, sunny 4 or 5 room flat;
: Mission or Western Addition. 1031 Market St.,
room ■*>■ -•■...- . . ...
' WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS. "
WANTED— Oood second-hand . bricks in largo
. or small quantities.- Apply THOMAS
BUTCHER, " Builders' " Exchange. 40 . New
. : Montgomery at., bet. 12 and Ip. m. - - ; " '
BAKER desires to be furnished with eggs
from country; one price the year round. 113 a
Folsom st. •..■ , : . '
Wanted— One good second-hand barber chair:
-must be cheap. Address box 1462. Call. ,;
WAN-TED— r worth of second-hand - tools
and machinery- ' 654 Mission ■ st. . .";<• . ■•;' ;
. WANTED— IOO goats for, feeding the animals
, Address . the Zoo. Chutes, city. ; ;
SECOND-HAND ; blacksmith tools wanted .at
once. 204 Mission st. :. .'
• PHOTO and magic . lantern | apparatus; second-
?.-.: hand. 109 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold. : silver, cast-oft
I .Clothing bought. Add. • COLEMAN. 41 Third.BUSINESS CHANCES.*.
A— slsoo; old-established saloon with 15 fur-
nished rooms; doing a first-class paying busi-
ness: choicest location; close to Ellis and
Market sts.; net rent only $40; will sell or \
exchange for property. Inquire WILKE, 783
Market St. ' " -
A $500 GROCERY and provision store in
choicest location In Oakland; established
many years and doing good business; 4 liv- i
ing-rooms; rent $13. Inquire WILKE, 743
Market st.
$1500— Old-ostablished and nrst-class paying sa-
loon, with living-rooms, close to Kearny and
Sutter sts.; actual value $2000; owner
compelled by sickness to sacrifice. WILKE.
783 Market st.
$1000— PARTNER wanted in old-established ;
restaurant; doing a rushing business day !
and night; overwork compels owner to take
a good, reliable man as helper. Particulars '
_ WILKE. 753 Market st. • |
$900— SALOON with 9 furnished rooms, on How- J
ard st.; kept by present owner 12 years.; doing
good business; rent $47. Call WILKE, 783
Market st
$450-CORNER saloon, half block from Market
St.. close to Phelan block: good paying place:
partners can't agree. WILKE. 7;.;; Market st.
A— slso; RESTAURANT, worth $360; fin- tran-
sient trade; sickness cause of sale. KREDO.
22\t Geary st.
A— s7so; GROCERY, bar. dining room and fur-
nished rooms; never changed hands; worth
$2000; better than Klondike. KREDO & CO.
"i2Vi Geary st.
A— sl2oo; VARIETY, notions and branch bak-
ery; guaranteed to clear over $:00 month;
positively best in the city; full value In
lock. KREDO & CO., 22H Geary st.
A— s2so: HOME bakery; bargain at $000; noth-
ing like it ever offered. KREDO & CO 22!^
Geary st. ' :*; -
■A— $500; SALOON and lunch, near theaters"
snap.
$W— Saloon; best town near city.
JittO— Saloon ; best corner north of Market.
Money loaned. KREDO & CO., 224 Geary.
$200— COR. saloon, among wholesale houses;
large stock; rent cheap; paying trade: good
— Pl^l e -l£°L 2 men. M. LESS. 766 Market st.
.- $250— PARTNER wanted in restaurant; well
paying: principal; central; owner tired of un-
reliable. help; sober man. M. LESS. 765 Mkt.
$1800— BAKERY; one of the oldest established
best- paying In city; has best class of cash
customers: Store trade $25 to $30 per day, $45,
150 Sunday and holidays: horse and wagon:
all private trade; reasonable rent: situated
in excellent locality; this is without doubt
the best investment ever offered in bakery
line, will bear strictest and most rigid in-
vestigation; full trial allowed to Intending
purchaser. M. LESS, 765 Market St.
GOOD old-established manufacturing business
In this city for sale; either cash or will trade
for city ur country property: price less tl*n
value of stock and fixtures: no reiusonable
offer refused: a grand opportunity for anv-
il LESS 766 Market st.
CIGAR-STAND, near Baldwin Hotel »950
Restaurant, best in city 3"0
Saloon; fine corner, down town
Apply to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
NAw and second-hand furniture store for sale
at a bargain. DECKER, l 120 Market st.
BAKERT, large oven; receipts $40 day; biggest
bargnln ever offered. DECKER, 1020 Market.
CIGAR-STAND near Examiner office, worth
only (460. DECKER, W2O Market St.
ORNER grocery and bar; a bargain.
$SoO— Grocery and bar; best corner In city.
$260— Very nice cignr store; good location.
$300— Branch bakery and notions: paying well.
Also several saloons and restaurants.
At ANDERSON .v CO 'S, 777 Market st.
WANTED— To buy whole it half interest in
paying saloon south of Market; Third or
F'-urth st. preferred •■ and par-
ticulars; no agents. Bo* -71. Call.
;OOD laundr) route, horse and wagon;
small steam laundry; 1 furnished rooms pay
the : location: going to Klondike.
Addn
$WO— PARTNER want-, h. tight business
suited to ; I man; Jl> to $25 a week,
no experience required; trlul given. 9 Geary
st. room 2.
THE Nickel saloon, r.ear the new postofflce
1 rice $3f«» f..r stock, fittings, utensil* and
Apply HO Seventh st.
NOTION, stationery and cigar store for sale at
a sacrifice at $200. 155 Eleventh, near Howard.
N'ER wanted with small capital for bar-
- ' Box H 714, Call office.
. SALE — A good morning paper route; part
6 Ed ■ I and 2 ..dock.
RESTAURANT. STRAND, 23 Kearny
ALOON for sale. STRAND, 23 Kearny j
JTINOn rant for sale. Apply 651
■
I'AP.TVT'i; war.ter!; night and day saloon; bar-
gain for good man. 33 Third st. |
$50 — For dale oyster and lunch parlors, near
U rket st. Apply 33 Third st.
23TABLISHED restaurant for sale, good
order; low rent: investigate. 249 Fourth St.
A CHANCE FOR A FORTUNE!!!
THE NEW WALDO HOUSE.
765 Mission, het. Third and Fourth. San Fran-
cisco, 94 rooms; nil new beds; en cne floor;
running full; cheap rent. long lease, privilege
of renewing same; on investment of $2000 for
IV-7 eight; '-.I per cent per annum was real-
ized over all expenses, which can be proved,
with even better prospects this year: for iale
on accoount of failing health and old age.
Address as above or inquire on premises.
FINK store, cor. Oak and Franklin sts., rent
$20; 2 fine basements, off Market St., suitable
for any business or storage. Apply 15 Grant.
OLD-ESTARLISHEIj news and stationery
More and laundry office, doing good business;
I am going to Alaska; make offer. 101 V. Fifth.
heap rent; good
rtunity; owner going to Europe. Full
particulars Ml Oeary st -
F' IR BALE— Restaurant and chop house; best
location; opposite the ferries. Call at 18
East st.
GOOD paying laundry for couple: good loca-
tion; small rent. 310S Sixteenth St.
F' •Hi SALE— An old established jewelry store
In the heart of the Mission. ISOO Howard st.
SALOON at a reasonable price; good location.
Apply Albany Brewery.
FOR SALE— Country hotel, 20 rooms; nice club
hall; very fine bar; $200 stock; everything
new; very iow rent; on account of sickness;
no agent; j-year lease. Exchange Hotel. Mar-
tinez, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS saloon; best location; receipts
irem $15 to *45 per day; too much other busi-
ness; will sell for less than half value. Gro-
CtTXi cor. Sixth and Howard sts.
OLD-ESTABLISHED grocery business; fine
stock; paying business; party retiring ac-
count age; also dwelling. 9 rooms, modern
improvements; stable; lot 125x150; easy terms.
Lock box 343. Napa, Cal.
$1000 — ONE-TENTH interest in advertising bus-
iness at conservative estimate will net $5000
a year In B. F. ; investor can handle his own
money. Apply CAHILL. 107 Sixth st.
FOR SALE — Hotel close to railroad passen-
ger depot in lively country town; every-
thing newly furnished and in good run-
ning order. For particulars apply to Mc-
LEOD & HATJE. 515 Market St.
BUTCHER shop for sale. Address box 13i6,
Call office.^
PLAY the races on our new system; $60 a
week on $100 capital guaranteed or no charge
for services. The American Turf Bureau,
rooms 5 and 6. 850 Market st., San Francisco.
FOR sale— One of the best bakeries In the city.
Inquire at WW Polk st.
PATENTS— SMITH A OSBORN. Regisfd Pat.
Agents; established 1562. 319 Pine St., city.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry:
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
S9oO— PARTNER attend office; cash business;
pays $300 mo.: O. K. 11S8 and 11&0 Mission st.
RESTAURANT and bar for sale. Apply 107
Berry st.. near Third.
OOOD~ paying restaurant; average $15 per day,
low rent; selling account of departure. Ap-
ply 2424 Mission st.
LAJIGE city~paper route, growing territory, for
sale as a whole or part. Apply at Call office.
GOOD saloon for sale; full stock; price $250.
Box 1442. Call office. j
$425— Cigar store; northwest corner Kearny and
California sts.
pTiRTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or at 133 Third st.. Portland 1 Oregon^
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO. j
W. CASWELL A CO.'S. 416 Sacramento •}■__ j
4~MARKET HT. -Branch office o» The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
LOST. ''-.'-HP-)
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of JOHN JOSEPH WISEMAN: JR.. >>O-
217.9<2. The finder will please return to bant.
PURSE with $6 currency and 2 small, checks.
Return 64G Clay st. and receive reward.
IjOST— A package containing references, on
Hyde or Ellis !>ts. Return to 316 Stockton St..
employment office, and receive reward. -.
4~< MARKET ST.— Branch office rof The Call.
Wont ails and subscriptions taken.
STORAGE. --l-^/
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOON AN. VB3 to 1023
Mission St., above Sixth; open evening*. ■ ,
AT lowest rates — Household goods, pianos; ad-
••an<~e« made:- fireproof building.' F W.
2EIIFUSS. B*o Mission it. Tel.- Mint 182 L
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
GUIDE for the Yukon; returned from Dawson
this winter; will be back this spring to re-
present my mining Interest: be recommended
as a sure guide tj the interior; true infor-
mation can be given, how to go, what to
take and about the mining districts, where
I. was personally prospecting and locating;
contracts to guide parties to the Klondike
will be taken. Address F. II . box 1513. Call.
YUKON dog harness: best made, for sale by
all outfitters. SAMMANN, 1288 Flllmore st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards, Tenth and Bryant sts.
KLONDIKE doge: also Great Danes and Fox
terriers. KILLIP'S Sale Yard. 1730 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best Klondike stoves in the
world. HOLMES & CO.. 416-418 Jackson t st.
DOGS for Klondike; three Scotch collies, broke
for work. C. KRAMER, MO Pacific st.
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
thing. L. LEVY,. Battery and Jackson sts.
j STEAMBOAT companies wishing to get cap-
tains, pilots, barge pilots of 20 years expe-
rience for light draught boats can get same
by applying, 2 : CaL°?Bt.t Capet H. I rutbers.
OCEAN or river steamers. 2' ! ' n £ v ve 4 Ese ?" d
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW. 4 Sutler.
DOGS for Klondike- 25 strong dogs for Imme-
diate use. 510 Van Ness aye. .
WHAT you must have-The only makers of the
genuine Klondike moccasin on this Coast.
Pacific Shoe Co., IS? First at. _
KLONDIKE Provisionsriowest prices, packed
and deli-.cred to boats. PTlA "" f JLl £^...on'
wholesale and re' ill grrcern. -.31 " ash.nt.tun.
LODGI.\O HOI BBS I<>» SA^
KREDO & CO Successful Brokers. 22% Geary.
* V n,'v to loan to customers; low rates
67 rooms; elegant, sunny corner. .s^.ooo
26 rooms: Market; clears $75: snap 400
£ S n^^rn^ces^ransVeni ffl
15 rooms: clears* $4u month..
1 rooms all rented; corner, worth $600 326
12 rooms Market; boarding: must sell.. 675
11 rooms Ninth st.: clears .:soO month... 460
10 rooms: all new; central and sunny.. 3.' ?
7 rooms- O'Farrell; clears $23 :•■•'■■., --"
Man™ special ; bargains; i best jln t this \ city.
«^.(vl^o~rooms: fine sunny corner; never
rr K ed binds; elegant immure: worth
$8600; clears $160; low rent. KREDO *| O
rooms; alears $50; snap; must be sold;
..ke. KRF.no A CO., 22% Geary ■
11-ROOM house; sunny corner; fine $500
1- rooms on Golden Gate; fine ll'J«
7 rooms, near Baldwin bargain -M
22 rooms, on Market: clears $250. **)
24 rooms on Kearny. clears $200 <■*»
22 rooms near Baldwin Hotel (transient). 1300
30 rooms, central:.: fronts; worth $1200 ;500
Hotel in mining town: good bar „;;,? ™
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Mfth.
NEW house, 40 rooms, must be Bold; Klondike;
* nothing so cheap: 26 rooms, make offer;
choice 14 rooms, fine furniture, half cost: rent
low; must be sold. Boston Investment Co..
906 Market St., room 16.
GOING to Washington— 2o rooms: best loca-
tion; rent $33; clears $40; .heap 4S^ Seventh.
FOR 'SALE— -Cobo lodging house, 113 rooms. 411
Sans.. mc st.
$100 BUYS a 7-room furnished house; all full.
Call at S2l Howard st. __
MI'SICAL IHSTIUTaCBNTS.
WHAT'S THAT? YOL ARE?
GOING TO BUY A PIANO?
WELL, NOW, WHAT DO YOU WANT?
A piano made in IS9S, with every dollar ex-
pended on the Instrument, modern in every
respect, with all the late attachments, or the
came old piano made from 1549 scales?
I have a piano to sell that I will guarantee
from top to bottom and will back It with
every dollar I have. As I own my own build-
ing and store, and as the manufacturers also
back this Instrument with $2,000,000, this, I
think, a good guarantee.
The piano is the Kingsbury.
The price Is $225.
The address is EM Hayes St.
The firm Is J. HARRY SCOTT.
ANY person having use for a piano need not
do without when good Instruments can be
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3. $4. $5, 6. $7. ?-. $9,
$10: handsome scarf and wood seat stool In-
cluded: no charge for cartage. Purchase your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Steinway without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Putter sts.
A FEW more bargains in second-hand pianos—
Ronlsch J l "'
Mathusek J5O
Augustus Hans & Co «W
Cameron ?- r "'
Byron Mauzv 300
BYRON MAI'ZY. pianos, 308-SU Post st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
• ot Chicago is KOHLER <fc CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell at. Pianos, organs
ami all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms ensy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please end
satisfy the customer.
ONE Newhall pian0....!.. .....'.' $5".
One Zech piano .:.' 70
• One Fischer ' piano SO
Twenty others at. all prices.
F.EN.T. CURTAZ & SON, 16-20. O'Farrell.
! ABSOLUTE bargains this week; Stein way,
Steck, Conover, Chickering, Emerson, Hal-
• let &-■ Davis: all as -good as new. THE F.
W. SPENCER- CO., 933 Market st. -
IF you .want a bargain In a piano call at
Mauvals'. 769 Market st.; agency for the cele-
brated DECKER & SON pianos.
; COLBY pianos are the best for the money In
the market; highest award at World's Fair;
call and see for yourselves. 933 Market st.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans.
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent iiian;
no Interest first year. 30S, 310, 312 Post st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale- Must sell pianos at
Immense reduction for cash or on install-
ments. EATON ESTATE, 73.'. Market st.
j PIANOFORTE, rquare grand, $60; cost, 5200. To
be seen at 130 Seventh st.
I GREAT bargain; Standard upright (on stor-
age); party gone to Klondike; cheap. 208 Post.
HORNUXG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 216 Post St.
; $125— FINE upright: great bargain. 16 McAllla-
ter St., next Hlbernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
AGENCY Haines Bros. pianos; second-hand
pianos, $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KNABE pianos; new scale: new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, 30 OFarrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. 11.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST ad, lowest price. Heine. 136 Ellis.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beala st.
ASK to see th,e $9 diamond stud, ask to see the
$:.-■ diamond stud, at UNCLE HARRIS' 15
Grant aye. ' ■■;•';
CALIORAPH typewriter, No. 3 special. 14--.;
worth $100; in perfect order; will send with
privilege of trial. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
• gomery st.
LARGE dog. suitable for Klondike; price $25.
Apply 130 Seventh st. it.
LATEST style hood top baby buggy, ; cheap;
with extra seat. Box 1444, Call office. •
BARS, back bars, mirror*, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-101$
Mission St., above Sixth. • „
J R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; Tel. So. 787.
WHISKY. Kentucky. '97; bonded warehouse.
r San Francisco; 39c gallon. Address STAND-
ARD LIQUOR CO.. San Francisco.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor.- belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
SAFES— and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc. 633 Sacramento. i
jer washstands. chfap. HUF-
olden Gate aye.
1 AND 2-bowl barb
SCHMIDT, 623 Gt
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
sl*es: half original cost. 109-111 Market. 8. F.
fJRAPHOPHONES, JKi: Records, $5 per doi. ;
Projectoscope, $100. Bndgalupl. 953-M6 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
I BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh^
i FOR sal» cheap— Second-hand fireproof safe.
at 42 Main at.
saw mo machixes.
I ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
ATTORXEVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce Jaws specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections, wills,
probate. Insolvency, deeds, damages, mort-
gages copartnership, hills-of-sale. patents,
trademarks, etc.; established 10 years. O. W.
HOWE, att-at-law. 860 Market, cor. Stockton.
A'>Vl''K free no diargf unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. !>27 Market at.
TYPBWRI'I ERS.
YOST typewriter; bargain; call at once. C. B.
OLMSTEZ). care B. P. Oliver, 114 Mont-
gomery «t.
TOST, good order. J2E; send fur sample work.
SCOTT tc BANNA2N'. 33a Montgomery eU
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 9, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET. 'r/'i}
a"ll~over Towi£^zr^2^^2rrir^^
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
FURNISHED house. 7 room*, bath; large yard;
latest improvements; furniture new; piano;
near Pleasanton Hotel; only responsible par-
ties need apply. Box 1437. Call office. \
6- ROOM house and basement, $11; Laurel aye., ;
near Turk and Buchanan Ets. HOOKER &
LENT, 14 Post st.
. FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED residence— A sunny modern Pa-
cific Heights corner; 14 rooms: well furnished;
piano, billiards, etc. YON RHEIN. & CO.,
636 Market ft. .., , .. -
FURNISHED house, 11 rooms, $55. 16 Devls-
adero. above Halght, 10 to 2.
FURNITURE, etc.. of 10 rooms for sale; privi-
lege renting premises. Box 1145, Call office.
HOUSE. 8 rooms, to let; furniture for sale; no
dealers. 332 Hyde st.
PHYSICIANS,- attention— let 8 furnished
rooms; central location; have been used for
20 years by a successful physician as office
and bachelor quarters. YON RIIEIN. & CO.,
h'.'X, Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment; yard: cheap. 18*6 15th at., nr. Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN — ~ ' "*~
You. see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
CASTRO, 458— New modern upper flat; 10 sun-
ny; suitable for 2 families; stable.
B A WIN I ioSV flat of four rooms, $11 per
month. i:< 64 Stevenson St.. near Thirteenth.
FELL, 1118 — Upper flat 6 sunny rooms; alcove
parlors, etc.
FIFTH, 325—3 clean furnished housekeeping
rooms, $13; 2, $12; also single room, $.").
FOLSOM, 909, near Fifth— new middle bay-
window flat, 3 rooms; gas, bath, tubs.
HOWARD and Twelfth— Elegant corner flat, 7
rooms and bath; 3 bay windows; rent $25. Key
in store.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
NEAR City Hall, elegant flat. 5 rooms, bath,
$18. 141 Grove St.
NINETEENTH. 3950. 1 block from Eighteenth
or Castro st. cars; lovely lower sunny 6- room
flat; modern; $18; water free.
SUNNY corner flat. 5 rooms, $17: inside flat
with bath. $15; newly painted and papered.
Corner Twelfth and Folsom sts. Apply
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
$15— UPPER flat of 6 rooms and bath. 131 Olive
aye.. near Van Ness.
V.T FLAT, 6 rooms, bath; modern. 1448 Va-
lencia St.. near Twenty-fifth.
$13— WATER free: sunny lower 4-room flat;
modern; large lot: garden. 4075 Twenty-third
st., few steps from Castro; care key 4071.
CHEAPEST flat In city; 8 rooms, bath.
Valencia st., near Seventeenth.
$35 i.iiVEI.T sunny modern flat of 7 rooms;
624 Golden Gate aye., near Van Ness.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BRANNAN, 72", above Sixth— Sunny kitchen
and bedroom, furnished, $7.
BRTANT aye., 271\ near Twenty-fifth— 2 sunny
pleasant housekeeping rooms; must be seen
to be appreciated.
CENTRAL, '2 Second— Single rooms and light
housekeeping; week, $1. $2 50; day, 25c. 50c.
EDDY, lis — Pleasant, clean, sunny rooms, $6
up; housekeeping rooms cheap; quiet house.
EDDT '.'ll Nicely furnished connecting house-
keeping rooms; gas range; splendid location.
FIFTH 30&— New house; 1 or 2 sunny bay-
window rooms; kitchen; range :runnlng water.
FIFTH 544 - furnished housekeeping rooms.
reasonable; single rooms. U : private family.
FIFTH 42 v '- 2 - sunny rooms, furnished com-
pletely for housekeeping; water In kitchen.
PULTON, 41— Comfortably furnished front
room and kitchen; $12 month; private family.
GEARY. 42?— Light housekeeping and other
sunny single and double rooms; no children.
GOI DEN GATE aye., 622 Sunny parlor floor
3 rooms, complete for housekeeping, $25.
GOLDEN GATE, 1050—2 or 3 large, nicely fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping, or single;
gas cook stove; free use of telephone.
HICKORT aye., 181, near Gough— Furnished
housekeeping rooms, every convenience, $* up.
! HOWARD— I2I4— 2 or 3 large sunny furnished
• • rooms -for •houfsekreping. 1 • ■
1 JESSIE, ".;:' : l -' complete furnished rooms: for
housekeeping- ■- ' ' "••'" ••' ''
I LINDEN, 331— Private Bat 4 unfurnished rooms;
- ! .water and bath; $12 a month. Inquire 32S
5 Fell st ■ . ■ ■
0 MCALLISTER, 422— Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping. ". ■■ '.'':<■: ~ •
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
NATOMA, 605— 2 rooms complete for housekeep-
ing, $10 month; single rooms $4 and $5. . *
OAK. 4S— Unfurnished bedroom, kitchen, pan-
try, closet; first floor; IS.
SIXTH, 132 — 3 rooms for housekeeping, , $12 a
month; other rooms, $6 a month up. ■■:
SIXTEENTH, 2522-r-Furnishe'3. sunny- rooms,
with or without housekeeping.
SUITE of kitchen and front room, with folding
bed, for housekeeping; $1 50 a week. Apply
r«2 Mission Ft., between First and Second.
TEHAMA, 717— Nice sunny furnished room;
housekeeping for one; with stove; $4.
TENTH, 111, near Market— 2 nicely furnished
sunny housekeeping rooms; also other rooms.
TURK, 539— Nicely furnished sunny rooms suit-
i able for housekeeping.
i TURK, 543—2 or 3 sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping; gas, stoves, bath.
i $6—2 ROOMS and kitchen; water free. 615
Birch aye., bet. Laguna-and Buchanan.
ROOMS to let.^:;;;;
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every renpect; terms reasonable.
ASH aye., SS — Ln/ge parlor, suitable for 2 gen-
tlemen; rent cheap; also small room, $5.
AT the Florence Hotel, 10J Ellis, cor. Powell-
Elegant sunny rooms, en suite or single;
quiet home for families and those who ap-
preciate comfurt; elevator; baths; reasonable.
BOHEMIA, 881 Post— Newly furnished; fami-
lies and gentlemen; references given.
! BUSH, — Large sunny room; hot and cold
water; for gentlemen.
DELAWARE, 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms, $8 and $10 mo.; nice suites.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night,
j 50c to $1; week. $2 to $6; families.
EDDY. 603— Pleasant unfurnished room; use of
laundry; yard; cheap. «,»' '■
FOL9OM, 760 — 2 sunny .urnlshed front room*;
' rent cheap.
FRANKLIN, 523— Unfurnished sunny front
j suites, with or without carpets and gas.
FRANKLIN, f,o7— Single room for gentleman;
private family; use of bath; hot and cold
water; $6 per month. ' •
J GEARY, 675— Elegantly furnished front room;
bath; gas; running water; suitable tor two;
I $10 per month. . . .
| GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms,- en suite and
single; elevator: moderate rates; families.
I GROVE, 101, cor. Polk— Pleasant front room
for light, housekeeping; private family. :
I HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission; select family
rooming bouse; $150 to • $6 per week.
HARRISON, 946, near Sixth— Nice large single
rooms, $5 per month. . . .
HOWARD, 715, ST. DAVID'S— 2OO rooms;
suites; single: sunny reading-room; 25c up.
HOWARD, '."■•:> By day, weeK or month; 25c.
30c. 7T>c and $1 per day; $5 to $15 per month.
| JESSIE, 457— Large ' pleasant sunny furnished
front room, $8 per month.
1 JONES. 1705, near Broadway— 4 nice sunny
rooms; grand marine view; rent cheap.
LARKIN, 704— Large, sunny bay window
..rooms; all conveniences; private family
reasonable. . ■ ;, .
MCALLISTER, 511— Sunny back parlor; grate;
gas; bath; $8 .month; 2 -gentlemen. •
I MCALLISTER. 615— Nicely furnished - front
suite; $15 per month: hot and cold water.
I MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room;" $1 a week. ~ *.. <'■*:;.-',
MISSION. 1145 (The Stella)— Newly '. furnished
-'. sunny suites, single rooms, $5 mo. up; quiet.
■ MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jewelry-
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
NEW. FRANKLIN, 321 Pacific— Rooms, fur-
nished or, unfurnished; day, week or month.
OCTAVIA, 1410, , near Geary— Sunny rooms,
; suite or single. . . -,
O'FARRELL. 327— Large front room, $10; sin-
. gle rooms,: $4 and $6 per month. -
O'FARRELL. 329— Sunny furnished rooms; en
: suite or single; reasonable.'
PHILADELPHIA House. . ' 421 - . Rooms;
gas; running water; $1 week up; sunny. -
POWELL. 203 (The ,Mont»llo)— Sunny '■ suit"*
'and singly rooms; reasonable; transient.' * "•;.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
POWELL. 509— Two nicely furnished sunny
rooms adjoining; suitable for two gentlemen.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 17 — European; elegant rooms;
suite or single; day, week or month; baths;
hot and cold water; transient: elevator.
SUTTER, 715-717-713. and 009 Hyde— Furnished
and unfurn.; choice and sunny; reasonable.
TAYLOR, 10S— Nicely furnished front sunny
suite; light housekeeping; also sunny single
room.
TAYLOR. 70«— Well furnished sunny room for
gentleman.
WEBSTER, 711—8 or 4 large sunny rooms fur-
nished or unfurnished; modern.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private hoard lng.^wTth
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HYDE. 1105— Front ninny room; gas; bath;
running water; with breakfast. $10 month.
VAN NESS aye.— Beautiful sunny rooms;
southern exposure; building new; all mod-
ern conveniences: newly furnished: elegant
for gentlemen: board optional. Apply at SOS
Van Ness aye.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
GERMAN lady wishes 2 or 3 children to board;
motherly care: moderate. 1334 Turk st.
PLEASANT, comfortable home for child with
family without children; excellent .are;
healthy locality; reasonable. E. THOMP-
SON. <;ien Ellen. <'al.
STORES TO LET.
BARBER~shop to let. 1802 Howard st., cor
Fourteenth.
PART of paint store suitable for carpenter or
plumber; cheap. 429 Third st.
STORE or factory, well lighted in middle
and al! over; 2,".x150 or part thereof. 519
Howard Kt.
STORE, with fixtures, corner Howard and La-
fayette sts. ; cheap rent.
FACTO HIES TO LET.
MISSION, 579, opp. Wells-Fargo's Express-
Second floor: power available for straw-
works, paper box. shirt, shoes, factories, etc.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. navies, j
true friends of all invalids, men and women; '
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief, 1
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. PR. AND MRS. M. DA VIES. 59
McAllister St.; pills, $2.
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once: saf*
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid; Instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; home in confinement:
best care and privacy: for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where; regulating pills and capsules, $1.
MRS DR. WYETH, 918 Post St.. nr. Larkln.
DRS. GOODWIN, r'l Van Ness aye.— Ladies,
near or far. consult free the only doctor who
uses Schenck's-method. the celebrated French
physician: a safe, sure and reliable cure for
all Irregularities from whatever cause; re-
stores strength and vigor of organs; unex-
celled; 15 years' practice; maternity home;
best skill, low fees: pills. $2.
A PURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home In confinement, with best
possible care: with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their ease;
th.y will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. OWYER. 226 Turk st.
GURE cure, when others fall; no medicine or
instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no matter from
what cause; restore in 1 day; never fails;
consultation free; can he sent and used at
home. DR. POPPER, 31S Ker.rny; orders by
telephone.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause): n>> instruments used: cure at of-
fice, $.": consultation free: hours 10 to 5. DR.
AND MRS. KOHL. IIM Mark^ st.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Poguro; price
Jl 50. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay St.: send
Ie stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAT' 1 ? French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe, cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
CAPStTLETAS — Preventive; sure; harmless;
guaranteed or money refunded; price $1 50.
MMIv MASSON. 127?. Oeary st.
DR.. HALL, 5? MoAlll.-r .. r St.; diseases, of /wo-
men and' cnliaiMl "~
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: Infallible, safe rem-
edies: 38 years' experience. 254*4 Fourth St.
HOME !n confinement: diseases of . women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth st.. Alameda. ,
< ; HORSES.
THREE saddle horses cheap. -204 Plymouth
st.,. Ocean View. ; • .
$> SINGLE-FOOTER. horse (lady can drive).
1190 Mlfcßlon>st. ■ ' . >
HORSES,' harness, laundry and express wag-
ons of all kinds, buggies, carts bought, sold
and exchanged' at the Emporium, 220 Va-
lencia st. . , ■.-■.■ : •■'
WANTED — old horses free from disease
and physic for feed for the animals. Ad-
dress Manager of the Zoo, Chutes, city. ' " .
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons. buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 817 Sixth St.. auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneer*.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
HORSE, wagon and harness. Rrewster buggy,
pole and shafts; feed cutter; cheap. 1190
Mission st.
FINE laundry, baker's and m!lk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
bugßy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
DENTISTS.
VAN VROOM eleotro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact, full set of teeth, $5 up; silver
fillings 25c up: gold crowns, $3 50 up: your
teeth put in without a plate: open evenings.
897 Market St., cor. Sixth: 'Phone Jessie 1695.
A nXL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates- light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fllllns-K *0c: crowns. $3 50; all
work pn inlets and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
NEW YORK Dentists— Painless extraction, 50c;
plates, $5: gold filling, 75c up; silver. 23c up;
plates mended. »1 up; special Inducements
to Klondikers; open evenings and Sundays.
869 Mission st.. cor. Sixth.
PR. LfDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. 11th; no
charge for extracting when plates are madr;
old plates made over like new: teeth from *S
per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine I^eek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from C to 20 O'Farrell.
OHIO Dental Parlors have removed from »ofi to
SIS Market St.. Academy of Sciences building,
rooms 30. 31 and 32, fifth floor.
L. A TEAfIUE, A. CANE and F. TEAGUE,
removed to Call hldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
6ET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth at.; telephone South 250. -
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-57 Tehania Bt. ; tel. So. 40.
J WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating,
'alteration works, 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
ADVANCE . Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Batter;
tel. Main 394. • OEO: WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relaid at 3c.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth st. tel. Jessie Hi.
GREAT Eastern ' Steam Carpet-cleaning
•* Works. 14 Bth'st.' ; B. GRANT: tel. Jessie 201. ;
J. E MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14tb
st. ;, cleaning, 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CON KLIN'S "Carpet-beating Work*, 333 Gulden
Gate aye.; telephone East 126. - ■
: CARPETj^JFOR_SAL£ :
10 000 YARDS carpets for sale. ; 15c per yard
• and ' upward. - "- Monarch - Carpet '" Cleaning
Works. 115 Tenth st. Tel: Mint 1773. ' -
, DISSOLUTION^ FJCOPARTNERSHIP.^
DISSOLUTION of Copartnership— | firm of
■' RYAN • & GALLAGHER, dealers in • cloth
and tailor's trimmings In the Flood building.
- San Francisco, has this day been dissolved
by. mutual consent, T. 11. . RYAN retiring.
. P. H. GALLAGHER has purchased the in-
. terest of T. H. RYAN therein, and will i con-
tinue business at the same place. He • as-
sumes all liabilities of the la*e firm, and will
• collect all outstanding. Indebtedness. ;.
'Dated • Pan Francisco, '' this". Rth day 'of
: March, 1593. ... T. H. RYAN.  ~-< ■- ,
F. Id. G AJULAGIIEB. j
PEnSOXALS.
QUARTZ miner with long experience, who
wants to go to Alaska, wishes acquaintance
of a lady; must have about J2OW. Address C.
WEISS, box 1465, Call office.
STRONG healthy young nan wants to be
stnk<*d to the Klondike.; can easily arrange.
Box I'M. Call -•
F.:\v ladles can Join party going to Klondike.
Address box 50, Call office.
MATRIMONIAL.
ALL seeking marriage, call or send 100 for
February "Wedding Bell"; 14 pages; no |5 re-
quired. Editor. 11l Ellis Bt.. San Francisco.
RLSINKSS PERSONALS.
HOW to become a hypnotist by the quickest
method and to exert a magic influence over
everything in this world and to cure diseases
and bad habits. Full information sent free
by PROF. HERIN, Masonic Temple, Deca-
tur, 111.
TRAINED nurse, first-class references, would
like 2 more patients to give bath and massage
daily or tri- weekly; 85c a treatment. N. 0.,
box 146, Call office.
BOXING and bag punching taught thoroughly
In eight private lessons, evenings; moderate.
Address Box 146t, Call.
WANTED- First-. ln.--s old violin; lady's siie.
GEO. M., box 1173, Call Office.
XKW method massage, electric theatment;
heated room. MRS. Jt>HN'ST( INMIS Grant ay.
THE correct dressing of the hair is highly Im-
portant; my artists are correct; 25c only.
Good switches, $1; best, finest quality. »P. GO:
extra heavy, long. $5. Open Sundays from 9
to 12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton St.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic stops falling or thin-
ning out. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. nr. Market: 200 rooms,
25c to n HO per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made in
Han Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
K. BRUNT. 535 Clay St.. S. F.
AGENT wanted to take orders for merchant
tailoring. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny.^
M S.S ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish
movement. 606 Markpt, room 25, second floor.
TRUNKS moved, 25c. Commercial Transfer
Co., 22 Stockton St.; phone Main 49.
SUIT to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
CLOAKS and tailor-made suits retailed at
whi-.lesnlp figures. 2 r ' Snn.-i.iin>- ft.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St.. rm. 86.
CLAIRVOYANTS. »
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease: full life reading; ladles 60c.
gents sl; palm, and clalrv.; sit. 1150. 126 Turk.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MM!:. LE NORMANDE. reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth
MME. HANS EN. the fortune-teller: last week
in city. Call now 14s Sixth st., room 5.
YOUR future told by cards; ladles 10c; gents.
2.'.c. 327 Fifth st.
MRS. MANDENA. medium, pahnist; life read-
ings. 25c; satisfaction guaranfd. 28 Sixth st.
MME. SVAENSON, only reliable card reader
and fortune teller; 2£c. 441 Geary st.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 123V4 Sixth St., room 14.
MISS TROY from Chicago, magnetic healer
and card reader. 1015 Market, rm. 17. 2d floor.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT. 131 Taylor St., room
2: mind-reader and palmist.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant . and
water reader. 921H Mission: German spoken, j
MISS BELL GRANT, card reading and mag-
netic healing. 122 Post St., room 10.
RAY FAIR, card reader; magnetic healing a
specialty. 223 Post St., ■ room 2.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2. 120V4 Geary st.
JOSIE TAYLOR. magnetic healer: • mind
reader. 223 Post St.. room 11. second floor,.
HUE. MOREAU. best medium and card-
reader; 25c up: German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
. advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First In her pro-
fession: never falls: advice: help. 929 Port.
SPIRM'I ALISM.
. TEST, meeting, 8 p. m.. 10c:. 333. McAllister St.;
Ptltt. Nita, Makln,«Hargrave, Hanson, Gil-
lingham. .<.
LARKIN, 111—8 p.m. : good talent; admis-
sion free.
TEST and healing circle to-night. S; 2"c; Mrs.
Hovet and Mrs. Waltham, 453 Polk st. .
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
all questions; L.. 2f.c; <;.. We; no sign. 3 7th.
MRS. FAIRBANKS, test mcd.; circle Sun. Tu.
Fri. eves.. 10c; readings daily. 2;c. IPS 6th. .
M. FRANCES, • independent •■ writing me-
dium. 118 Haight st. i •■•• • • .
PROF. GEE; readings daily: test circles Tue..
Thur.. Frl.. 1 p. m.: 2r.c. 865% Market st. -
MRS. SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy St.. room 3.- •
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
message* ni"l advice. 21R Stockton st.
HYPNOTISM-
THOROUGH course In hypnotism, with di-
ploma. ?:>. CAL. INSTITUTE, 4i 1 2H Geary st
EDICATIOXAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil & mining engineering, sur-
veying, assaying, etc. ; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.
AYREB' Business College, 723 Market st. ;
Individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING school; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech.. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 672. 855 Market st.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, writing, gram-
mar; day. night: $5 mo. 1504 Market, op. Bth.
FISK Agency, BE Market Rt.— Teachers fur-
nished; public; private; governesses; tutors.
MIPS GAMBLE'S dancing school, 317 Devisa-
doro; adults. Fri.. 8 p.m.; children. Thu.. 8:80.
SAN FRA.NCISCO Business College. 1238 Mar-
ket St.; 124 positions in '96: 103 in '97.
INSTRUCTION in tapestry painting, etc.: les-
sons, 25c. Studio, 419 Geary st., room 13.
GT'ITAR. mandolin, piano and vocal lessons,
IS per month. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
VOICE culture. piano Paris graduate; French,
Spanish: new classes; $2 mo.' 109 Taylor »t
LEGAL NOTICES.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of Calitornia— ln the
matter of the estate of CHAKLES C. TER-
KILL, deceased. Order, to show cause why
order of Bale of real estate should not be
made and ordering publication.
ANNIE H. TERRILL, as the executrix of
the last will of said CHAJRLES C. TER-
RILL, deceased, having this day presented
to the undersigned Judge of said court her
petition, duly verified and praying for an or-
der of sale of a portion of the real estate
■ belonging to the, estate of said decedent, for
the, purpose of paying, the debts outstanding
against said decedent and the debts, ex-
penses and charges of the administration of
said estate, and it having appeared and ap-
pearing to the said Judge from such petition
that it la necessary, and also that It must
be for. the advantage, benefit and best Inter-
- ests of the said estate, and those interested
therein to sell some portion of the said real
estate for the purposes and reasons men-
tioned In said petition; and such petition hav-
ing been thereupon filed, ..-,.-. . ...
It is therefore ordered that all persons In-
terested in the estate of said deceased ap-
pear before the said Superior Court on MON-
' DAY, ■■: the 21st day of March, IS9S, at 10
o'clock In the forenoon of said day,-, at the
courtroom of Department No. 10 of said Su-
perior Court, In the new City Hell in said
city and county of San Francisco, - State of
- California, to show . cause why an . order
should not be granted to: the said executrix
to sell so much of the real estate of the
said deceased as shall be necessary. -
And that a copy of this order be published
once a week for. four successive . weeks In
the "San ;. Francisco . Call," a newspaper
1 printed and published in said city and
county.
Dated February 15. A. D. ISPS.
JAS. M. TROUTT, Judge of the Superior
Court. ... ■■ . . .
NOTICE TO CREDITORS— of JACOB
C. JOHNSON, deceased.
. Notice is hereby given by the undersigned,
ANNA E. JOHNSON, executrix of • the estate
of JACOB C. JOHNSON, deceased, .'to the
creditors of, and all persons having' claims
agalntit the said deceased, to exhibit them with
the , necessary vouchers, within . ten months
after the first publication of this notice, to the
said executrix at the office of J. C. JOHN-
SON CO., No. 400 Market St.. the same being
her : place for the " transaction of the business
of the said estate in the City and County of
San Francisco, State of California.
ANNA E. JOHNSON.
Executrix: of the estate of JACOB .C. JOHN-
SON, deceased. ... - -..
Dated at San Francisco, February 24. IS?S.,: .
.: . ....... ..-......- J. A. STEPHENS.
Attorney for Executrix. Claus Spieckels build-:
ing, i
CITY REAL ESTATE.
' FOR sale — Choice business property: rents for
! $200: HW corner Mission and Spear Bts.; 45:10
! x 77:6. H. SCHWERIN, 546 Clay *t.
' BARGAIN— S26OO; 12-room house, lot Mxtt; UtOfl
cash, balance monthly Installments If desired.
51 Shipley st.
IF you intend building, let me submit an estl-
j mate with plans, etc.; no charge; best of ref-
| erences, bonds, etc. W. W. REDN'ALL,
builder, 1320 Hayes St. .
NEW boose, 7 rs., bath: easy terms: Mission:
i swap, part paymt for lot. BABIN. 413 Kearny.
i BIG bargain—^modern Western Addition flats.
$15,000; renting fdr *133 50; $7000 can remain
i on mortgage. Postoffice box 2495.
COIXTRY KEAI, ESTATE.
FOR sale— lS r > acres; fine virgin redwood and
pine timber; near L. E. White's railroad at
Elk. Mendoclno Count*- consisting of the XE.
Vi of SW. X of Sec.' 31. township 14 N.. range
15 west. For full particulars as to price, etc.,
| apply to A. CLOCKERS. Navarm, Cal.
] RANCH of 160 acres, near Vacaville. improved;
exchange for bay residence. 313 Bush st.
' LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE-
i BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms: 45 minutes
from the city: cottages for r*-nt. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market at.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
] BIGGEST bargain— s2Boo; lot 70x160: cottage, 6
' rooms; orchard and chicken yard; half block
! from Mastiek Station; all improvements: 1581
Prospect st. Apply 501 Market st., S. F.
I ♦ MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
ALAMEDA HOUSES "TO LHT.
i TO LET— New cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
lawn, flower garden and orchard: lovely
place. 1."32 Ninth St.. near Mastiek station;
$19: water free; ground cared for.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS 1 old store, 408
Eleventh St., Oakland.
I ' _,..
in;ithi:i.i;v real, estate.
BERKELEY BARGAINS^
A new modern six-room house, fine finish,
$2100.
Another of seven rooms, nearly new, only
$1750.
And. best of all, an elegant ten-room, up-
to-date house on large lot for $3500.
All of them near electric cars and local
stations and can be had on easy terms.
Bargains in lots in all parts of town. Call
in. O. G. MAY & CO.. 2123 Center st.
i $200— CORNER saloon, among the wholesale
houses; large stock; rent reasonable, paying
trade; a good place for 2 men. M. LESS, 765
Market st.
i FOR sale — Near the university grounds, an ele-
gantly built house; lot northeast corner, 75x
134; street work all done. JOS. J. MASON.
Berkeley Station.
FIRST-CLASS investment; a fine corner, stores
and rooms above; to be sold at a bargain.
JOS. J. MASON. Berkeley Station.
PKOHERTV IO h.VCJJA.Mii.
$1800— GOOD ranch of 160 acres, near Redding;
plenty timber and water, for bay property;
I equal value. Box 1625, Call.
SHOE factor}-, half or all for ranch. Apply to
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
33 ACRES: bearing fruit ranch near Vacaville;
income $2000. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
SALOON to exchange for house and lot: pay
cash difference. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
TO exchange — 2 blocks, each 200x200, In Mar-
tinez. Cal.. value $4000. for S. F. real estate;
will pay a cash difference If city property Is
valued over $4000. Box 1509, Call office.
MOSEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6V4 per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in
• probate, life insurance, goods in warehouse,
furniture without removal ; no delay. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery st., room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal: mdse in storage; life Ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc. ; low in-
terest; private; no com. R. fiS. 1170 Market.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st; tel. Green 204.
$5 IP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOI'G*AN & CO., 230 Kearny St.; upstairs.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; J23 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
GO tn a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth st.. upstairs; strictly prl\ate; low
rates; tel. Red 1121; established 1869.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. 508 ..California st.
fSO TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum; Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 62S Market st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest
rates: no com.; private. 116 McAllister st.
SIXTH, 10— Most reliable place to borrow
money; diamonds and Jewelry.
FINANCIAIk
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc.; loweat
rates. McAFEE BROB.. 10S Montgom<>~ St.
PROPOSALS.
OFFICE of Lighthouse Inspector, Twelfth
District, San Francisco, Cal, March 5.1898: Pro-
posals will be received at this office until 12
o'clock m., on MONDAY, the 4th day of April,
1898, for provisions for vessels and light sta-
tions In this district, for the fiscal year to end
June 30, 1899. Forms of proposals and printed
instructions giving full particulars as to the
articles required and the terms of delivery
and payment, can be obtained at this office.
The right is reserved to reject the whole or
part of any or all bids, and to waive any de-
fects. The right is also reserved to increase
or diminish (not to exceed one-third) during
the fiscal year the quantities of any Item or
article named in the specifications, and a clause
to that effect will be Inserted in the contract.
FRANK COURTIS. Commander. U. S. N.,
Lighthouse Inspector.
OFFICE of Lighthouse Inspector, Twelfth
District. San Francisco. Cal.. March 5,1898: Pro-
posals will be received at this office until 12
o'clock m., on MONDAY, the 4th day of April.
IS9B, for furnishing and delivering fuel for ves-
sels and stations In this district for the fiscal
year ending June 30. 1899. Forms of proposals
and printed specifications, giving full particu-
lars as to the kinds of fuel required, the quan-
tity and quality, and the terms of delivery and
payment, can be obtained at this office. The
United StatPs reserves the right to Increase or
diminish, during the fiscal year, the quantities
cf any item or article named In the specifica-
tions, and a clause to that effect will be in-
serted In the contract: and the right to reject
any or all bids and to waive defects therein Is
also reserved. FRANK COURTIS. Com-
mander, U. S. N.. Lighthouse Inspector.
U. S. ENGINEER office. 41 Flood Building,
Pan Francisco, Cal., January 22. 1898.
Sealed proposals for dredging In Oakland
Harbor. Cal.. will be received until 11 o'clock
a. m.. Thursday, March 10, 1898. Information
furnished on application. W. H. HEUER.
Vnlnr. Kntrlrieers.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished.
BORN.
DARLING— In Oak Park. Febriiary 28, 1898, to
the wife of C. J. Darling, twin daughters.
DENSMORE— In Independence. Cal., February
20, IS9S, to the wife of F. E. Densmore, a
daughter.
EVANS— In Tlpton. March 3, 1898, to the wife
of Harry Evans, a son.
FOWLER— In Dunsmuir, March 1. IS9B, to the
wife of George Fowler, a daughter.
RUPORT— In Eureka, March 3, 1898, to the
wife of John Ruport. a daughter.
ROSS— In this city, March 4, 1898, to the wife
of John A. Rons, a daughter.
TYRRELL— In Fortune. February 21. 1898, to
the wife of Harvey Tyrrell, a son.
WATSON— tn Eureka, February 22, IS9B, to the
wife of George W. Watson, a son.
MARRIED.
MILLIGAN— ANDEr.SON— March 5. 1898, by
the Rev. Dr. L,ocke of the Methodist Epis-
copal Church, Robert M'.lligan and Amanda
Anderson.
DIED.
Agrnew, William C. Keller, Jennie
Callahan. Mary E. Kellett. Mrs. E
Casey. Peter Kelsey, Rosella P.
Coll. Michael Lafferty, Caroline
Corbett. Harriet Linden, Mary
Daves. Mrs. M. McGovern. Robert E.
Deering Jackson Mahoney, James E.
Derby, Rosle Marshall, Mary A.
Donaghy. James B. Milligan. Leoter V.
Fry. Jennie Philip, Henry
Gallagher. Thomas Russell. John
Hayes. Mary Smitherum. Samuel
Hildebrand. B. J. Swain. Reginald C.
Hobbs. Elvira W. Waters. Margaret
Jepsen, Charies T. Wright, Thomas
AGNEW-In Spn Rafael, March 8, l^ftS. Wil-
liam C. Ajrnew. a native o£ San Francisco,
aged 4.1 years.
CALLAHA.V— In Eureka. March 1. 1898, Mary
E. Callahan, a native of Eureka, Cal., aged
28 years .'> monthe and 14 days.
CASEY— In i this city. March G. 189S, Peter, be-
loved brother of Michael Case" and nepbew
of Mrs Ann Dennlgan and Peter. Michael
and Patrick Casey of San Mateo. Cal.. a na-
tive of Councy Longford, Ireland, aged 42
years.
E^Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this dny
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. "C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission
street, thence to St. James Church. Twenty-
third and Guerrero streets, where a requiem
high rnp.ss will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COLL— In this city. March 8. IS9S. Michael,
beloved husband of the late Maria Coll. and
father of John C, James T.. Maria T., Mich-
ael F. and Joseph CoU, a native of County
Donegal, Ireland, aged 45 years and U
months.
CORHETT— In this city. March 7. 1898, Har-
riet, beloved mother of John C. Corbett, a
native of Switzerland, agol 92 years.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
( Wednesday), at S o'clock, from St. Josephs
Home. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DAVKS— In Sun Jose, March 5. IS9S, Mrs. Mar-
garet Daves, aged 72 years 6 months and Z
days
DEERING— In Oakland, Jackson Deering. a
native of Indiana, aged 4ft years.
DERBY— In this city. March 7. 1898, Rosie
Derby, a native of England, aged 44 years.
DONAGHY— In this city. March 7. 189 is. James
S.. beloved husband of Margaret Donaghy,
and father of Alice M.. Emma T.. James
Mervln, Florence A. and Charles R. l>on-
agby, a native of Glasguw, Scotland, aged
52 years and 9 months.
(CJrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the lunrral this day
(Wedneeday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 142."i'3 Hayes street, thence to St.
Agnes Church, Masonic avenue, between Oalc
and Page streets, where a solemn requiem
mass will b? celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
FRY— In Eureka. March 3, UM, Jennie Fry,
a native of Illinois, aged 2(» years.
GALLAGHER— In this city. March 6. 1898,
Thomas Gallagher, a native of Ireland, aged
32 years.
RIGGERS' and STEVEDORES' UNION ASSO-
ciatlon— Funeral Notice. The detail from
Thomas Asmussen to James Curren, inclu-
sive, arc hereby notified to assemble at their
hall this day (Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, to
attend the funeral of our late brother,
Thomas Gallagher. By order
A. CAMPBELL, President.
F. E. DURHAM. Rec. Sec
HAVES— In this city. March 7, 1808, Mary,
widow of the late Owen Hayes, and dearly
beloved mother of Mrs. Fred G. Peterson,
Mrs. Emmett Phillips and Maggie and
Teresa Hayes, a native of County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 1.3 years.
&3r Friends ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), nt 8:30 o'clock, from her latt»
residence. 422 Fulton street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church. Fell and Fillmore streets,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her s<>ui. (■■mmene-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
CemPtery.
HILPEBRAND- March 8. 18ftS. Benihard J..
beloved son of Alex and Emilie Hildebrand.
and brother of Anna. Gustav and Ernst Hi.
debrand, a native of San Francisco, aged
28 years 2 months and 16 days. A member
of Golden Gate Parlor No. 2». W. S. Q. W.
[EX The funeral services will be held
to-morrow (Thursday), at 9:45 o'clock, at the
residence of the parents, 1017 Golden Gate
avenue, under the auspices of Golden Gate
Parlor No. 29. Interment < 'ypress Lawn
Cemetery, by train leaving Third and Town-
send streets at 11:30 o'clock. Interment pri-
HOBBS— In this city, March S. IS9S, Elvira W.,
beloved wife of the late C. P. Hobbs, and
mother of J. K. C. Hobbs, a native of Ken-
r.ebunk. Me., aged 80 years 3 months and 23
X?" The funeral services will be held
to-morrow (Thursday), at 11 o'clock, at her
late residence, 30 Liberty street. Interment
JEPSFN-In this city. March 8. IS9B. Charles
T. Jepsen. beloved uncle of Ntcolaus Jepsen,
a native of Sylt, Germany, aged 43 years and
10 days.
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
{Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 120H Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city. March 8, 1838. Jennie,
beloved wife of H. W., and mother of F. W.
and Arabelle M. Kelly, a native of Connec-
ticut, aged 44 years.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to'attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o^clock. from Grace M. E.
Church, corner Twenty-first and Capp streets.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
KEU.ETT-In this city. March 6, 189 S. Mr».
Elizabeth Keilett, a native of Ireland, aged
70 years and 8 months.
Ef^Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at
9 o'clock, from the residence of S. A. McDon-
nell, 1212 Fell street, thence to Church of
Sacred Heart, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:50 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
KELSEY— In Eureka, March 2. 189S, Rosella P.
Kelsey, a native of New Hampshire, aged
70 years and 6 months.
LAFFERTY— In Alameda, March 6, IS9S, Caro-
line Latterly, a native of lowa, aged 58
years.
LINDEN— In this city, March 8. 1898, Mary,
beloved wife of Edward Linden, and mother
of Edward J.. Frank J. and Kitty Linden,
Mrs. Bessie Reynolds and Mrs. Nellie Keefe.
a native of Caherseveen. County Kerry, Ire-
land, aged 55 years. (Portland, New Orleans
and New York papers copy.)
MeGOVEJiN— In Sacramento, March 6, ISOB,
Robert Emmet McGovern, a native of Sacra-
mento, aged 1 year 11 months and 4 days.
MAHONEY— In thiF city, March S. 1898. James
E., beloved son of Edward J. and Jane Ma-
honey, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
months.
MARSHALL— In this city, March 7, I<?°S, Mary
A., beloved wife of Frank S. Marshall, and
mother of Agnes and Frank Marshall, a na-
tive of Halfmuon Bay, San Mateo County,
aged 22 years.
ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late
residence, SIR Green street. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
MILLIGAN— In Eureka. March 1, IR9B, Lester
V. MllliKan, a native of Wisconsin, aged 21
years and 11 months.
PHILIP— In San Jose. Cal., March 6, 1888,
Henry Philip, a native of New York, aged
66 years 2 months and 28 days.
RUSSELL— In Seattle, Wash., March 6, 1898,
John, beloved husband of Mary RusselL of
San Francisco, a native of Queens County,
Ireland, aged 50 years.
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
SMITHERI'M— In this city. March 7. ISSB,
Samuel Smitherum, beloved brother of John,
Thomas, James, Joseph and .Villiam H.
Smitherum, a native of WisconFin, aged 47
years 7 months and 17 days.
(DTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clook, from Central ML
E Church, Mission street, near Sixth. In-
terment Cypresß Lawn Cemetery, by car-
SWAIN— In this city. March 8. 1898, Reginald
C beloved son of Clarkson and Jennie F.
Swain, a native of San Francisco, aged S
months and 26 days.
(CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 1532 Ellis street. Interment
WATERS— In this city, March 7. 1898. Mar-
garet beloved daughter of John and Bridget
Waters, and sister of Thomas, John, Bridget
and Catherine Waters and Mr?. M. Mayers,
a native of San Francisco, aged 23 years and
10 months.
C7"Fnenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Valente. Marinl & Co.. 1524 Stockton
street. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WRIGHT— In this city, March 7, 189 S. Thomas,
beloved son of William and Annie Wright,
and brother of Kate. Man. Robert, William,
Annie Francis. Johannah, Emily. Edward,
Lilly ' Charles. Loretta, Ethel and Joseph
Wright, a native of San Francisco, aged 22
(t?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the fureral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence 2218 Fifteenth street, near Noe,
thence to Mission Dolores Church for serv-
ices at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
ST. JOSEPH'S UNION— The semi-annual re-
quiem mass for the deceased' members of the
St Joseph's Union and the deceased friends
of the. living, members will be ..celebrated'
this day (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, in St.
Mary's Cathedral. .The members of the union
are all requested to attend. There will be a
.'.sermon, as usual.
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING; ASSO-
' " elation— The regular monthly requiem - high
mass for the deceased members of the above
association, and for the deceased parents and
relatives of the members, will be celebrated
In "St. Dominic's Church, Bush and Steiner
" 'streets, to-morrow (Thursday), at 9 o'clock.
- Friends are invited to attend, • : > r*.' ■
IMcA VOY & GALLAGHER, J*
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS I
J •20 FIFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln Ssiml. V i
: ..'*- Telephone. South 80. -.• I
11. B. M'A voy. Manager. •. ■- ■
AIcAVOY & CO.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS, 9
1235 Market St., between Bth and 9th. : I
-. -- Telephone.' South 247. -■ ■-■■**■: |
■ j Estab. 1S88. : ; ': .i. * '- Tel. South >' 47.
CRAIG&COCHRANCO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmera,
22, AND 26 MINT AVENUE;,
- Lady assistants.' Spacious chapel for the us*
cl our patrons. Rubber tires on our ambulanca.
1314
WILL BRING POWER
O'ER HILL AND DALE
Transmission of Electrical Force From the
Mountains to the Sea.
Tumbling Torrents in the Sierra Nevada to Be Utilized in
San Francisco Manufactories.
The most interesting scheme ever
conceived for the benefit of the manu
facturing industries of San Francisco
le about to be executed during the com
ing year. It means the transmission of
10,000 horsepower as a commencement
from the waters now running to waste
on the western slope of the Sierra
Nevada Mountains, in Alpine, Amador
and Calaveras counties, by means of an
electrical line 110 miles in length to the
city of San Francisco, there to be dis
tributed at a small monthly cost to the
various industries needing it.
Many obstacles have presented them
selves to discourage the scheme, but,
•with the pluck and energy characteris-
HOW POWER WILL COME TO SAN FRANCISCO
tic of California, they have all been
overcome, and The Call is now enabled
to give exclusively the details of the
whole proposition.
Th" water supply embraces the Blue
Lakes Water Company's system, in the
above-named counties, which consists
of various natural lakes and artificially
constructed reservoir basins, ranging in
altitude from 8109 feet to 5670 feet above
B ea level. The highest of these is the
upper or west Blue Lake, which is a
deep mountain lake of fresh, pure
water, at present 375 acres in extent.
Lower Blue Lake is two miles south of
Upper Blue Lake, and the latter emp
ties into it through a stream having a
fall of about ninety feet. The catch
ment area drained by these two lakes
Is by actual survey 3050 acres, and the
surplus water from It, after filling the
lakes, is discharged into Blue Creek,
and flows through Clover Valley to its
Junction with Deer Creek, thence into
the north fork of the Mokelumne River
and down its rock-lined bed to the head
of the Amador Canal, into which it dis
charges at a distance of forty miles and
at an elevation of 2240 feet.
The additional sources of supply and
the reseivoirs are the Twin Lakes,
united into a single body of water by a
dam at their outlet on the northwester
ly side, embracing a watershed of 900
acres; the overflow discharging into the
Mokelumne River. Meadow Lake is an
artificial reservoir about three miles
westerly from Twin Lakes, formed by
throwing a dam 70 feet high and 430
feet long across the westerly end of an
Immense granite basin, forming a por
tion of the route of Meadow Creek,
which also 1b a tributary of the north
fork of the Mokelumne River, and has
over 2000 acres of drainage area. Bear
River reservoir is also formed by
throwing an artificial dam across the
Bear River. This dam curves upward
In the form of an arch, and abuts
against the granite walls of the canyon.
Its drainage area is over 7000 acres and
its altitude G670 feet.
The above list includes the reservoirs
available for the present actual run
ning of the power plant. In addition,
however, many storage sites have been
selected and set apart for future de
velopment, as the need for Increased
storage facilities arises. They include
Deer Valley site, which is three miles
below the dam of Lower Blue Lake, the
Grouse Valley site, the Snow Valley
site, Granite Lake, Bear River, Lower
Bear River and Gold Creek. The feat
ure of the whole chain of reservoirs is
their admirable location, on account of
which the water wasting from any of
those at a higher altitude can be ar
rested and stored by the ones lower
down, until the demand for use arises
during the dry season when the river
runs dry. The Mokelumne River Can
yon, along which all the waters must
flow for a distance of forty miles. Is in
a deep, precipitous granite gorge, where
no waste from seepage occurs and
small loss from evaporation can be
caused.
The canal system, which vill car^y
the large volume of water to the point
of Its conversion into power, may be
said to commence where the water
from Deer Creek flows into the Moke
lumne River, along which It runs for
forty miles to the commencement of
the Amador canal. Along this course
the water will follow the natural gran
ite bed of the stream, and during the
dry season the only flow will be the
discharge from the artificial reservoirs
of the Blue Lakes system. The present
Amador canal has been constructed
with a capacity of sixty cubic feet per
second for a length of forty two and a
half miles, mostly along the high moun
tain side north of Mokelumne River,
and it comprises the main artery for
the development of the proposed power
plant. Along its course are eighty-two
fiumes, which will cover altogether four
miles in length, with a grade of eight
feet to the mile; its average velocity
is five feet per second. In the past its
main duty was to supply the towns ",f
Jackson, Sutter Creek. Amador City,
lone and other villages with water;
but now it will have to be at lea-st
doubled in capacity to meet the re
quirements of the proposed power
plant.
The size to which it will have to be
enlarged and the water storapre required
to tide over the dry season are points
now bring determined by (skilled en
gineering talent. With a capacity of
120 cubic feet per second 28.352 million
gallons of water would be conveyed in
a year, while the total storage capacity
of the present reservoir sites, as per
PLAN OF POLE LINE
Scale J@M.lles=llneh
the accompanying table, is 20,942 mil
lion gallons.
Names.
>
ffa
■
ill
• i» —
>
I
? a
II
2
BE
If
: a
it
• rr
■ Blue Lake
r Blue Lake
Lakes
ow Lake
- Bear River
r Bear River
Creek
Valley
3
2
1.5
4.5
12
13
20
11
440
200
160
in
IN
255
275
42
49
M
70
70
70
70
102
The usual method of developing the
electric power is by means of water
wheels, to which the water from the
end of the ditch Is led by a large
wrought-iron or steel pipe strong
enough to resist the enormous pres
sure to which it is subject. In this
instance at the terminus of the ditch
there will be a fall of 1042 feet, which
would cause a static pressure of 480
pounds per square inch on the pipe.
The end of this pipe will be divided
Into a number o-f "V" branches, which
will lead into the water wheels at the
power-house. The elevation of the
floor of this building will be 624 feet
above sea level, and the nozzles will be
at an elevation two feet higher. At
the present time three 600-horse-power
generators have been Installed and
small transmission lines for power and
lighting purposes run north through
Amador County and south through
Calaveras County. The latter is leased
by the California Exploration Com
pany for a period of thirty years under
contract, and it is responsible mainly
for the evolution of the present project
in the mind of Prince Poniatowski,
who manages both the Exploration
Company and Pacific Syndicate.
The original conception of the whr/le
scheme is, however, due to Mr. Pierce,
who about a year since acquired con
trol of the Blue Lakes Company, which
heretofore was an unsuccessful con-
cern under the management of the
Dobles. Tfc-e financing is due to the
efforts of Prince Poniatowski of the
Pacific Syndicate, who has secured
both local and foreign backing for the
concern, as well as to Dr. Addieon, lo
cal manager of the General Electric
Company, who has undertaken the
contract for the construction of the
transmission line and the Installation
of all the electrical appliances on be
half of his company. Lieutenant Has
son. who has been Identified as con
sulting engineer with the Folsom, Ne
vada City and Los Angeles plants— all
a pronounced success — has laid down
the lines for the whole plant, and on
the strength of his advice capital has
been encouraged to Invest In the gi
gantic scheme.
It is at present contemplated to sup
ply dynamos ample for 10,000 horse
power at the power-house, and sub
sequently, as the demand increases
for the supply of power, to install
enough for 10,000 additional. The
pole line and wire will be ample
to convey a greater quantity, and the
length transmitted will be 110 miles —
the longest of any at present construct
ed In this country. A voltage of 30,000
volts is to be used through a copper
wire five-eighths of an inch in di
ameter, which will weigh over 8000
pounds per mile and cost at least $120,
000. The great object to be attained in
the transmission line is to cut the
length to the shortest possible limit,
and have no transformation of the in
tensity of the current, as every such
change adds greatly to the waste.
San Francisco Bay presents serious
obstacles to any conduit, and can only
be crossed by either a tunnel or a tower
construction to avoid obstruction to
navigation. After mature discussion, a
tower construction has been determined
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAKCH 9, 1898.
on, as the cost of an underground tun
nel would be prohibitive at this stage
of the enterprise. To further lessen any
obstruction to navigation, the tower
line has been located along the shallow
water separating San Leandro penin
sula from the southeast part of San
Francisco peninsula. No navigation
other than that to Alviso and Baden
stockyards will pass beneath the arches
formed by the wire, which at no point
will be less than 125 feet from the sur
face of the bay, so that vessels can pass
through without interruption. At night
the tops of the towers will be illumin
ated by arc lamps, so that mariners
can steer their way safely between.
Colonel Suter of the United -States
Army Engineers has been consulted
with the view of gaining Government
permission for the proposed structure;
but application must finally be made
to Congress to get the consent of the
authorities. As the navigable channel
at this point is only a mile wide, three
towers with two spans of a half-mile
each will be ample. The approaches
on both sides of the towers will be car
ried on high poles sunk in the bay mud,
and as the water is very shallow no
hindrance to navigation or the flow of
the currents will be caused thereby.
As can be seen from the accompany
ing map, the pole line will make an
air line from San Leandro to Stock
ton, skirting south of Mount Diablo,
and crossing the marshes along the
levees. Most of this part of the route
has been surveyed; east of Stockton
the line will run along the main coun
ty road to the northeast for aboat
twenty miles and thence make a di
rect line for the power-house. In the
city of San Francisco the line will run
north along Railroad avenue and Ken
tucky street, tapping first the manufac
turing belt of the Potrero, including the
Union Iron Works and such other
plants as at present consume a vast
quantity of coal, which it is proposed
to supplant with the new power. Sub
sequently it is proposed to enter the
lighting field here In competition with
the gas and present local electric com
panies who now develop all their il
luminating power by purchasing and
burning coal. The fact that the South
ern Pacific Railroad Company has do
nated the free right of way along its
lines to the corporation is evidence that
it will take power for its street rail
way lines from the new company.
Roughly speaking, the power plants of
San Francisco, with a population of
300,000, will aggregate 65,000 horse
power, and which, with the installa
tion of cheap power, will surely in
crease. Fuel in San Francisco is more
expensive than in any other large city in
the United States. This is due to the
fact that no large beds of good coal
exist anywhere in the vicinity, conse
quently the cost of steam power pro
duced by the combustion of coal is
correspondingly great. The average
price of coal in all large Eastern cities
is $2 to S3 50 per ton, while In San
Francisco the price of the best anthra
cite Is $7 per ton. Carefully compiled
estimates of the actual cost of horse
power in San Francisco with the past
prices of coal show a cost of $125 per
horsepower per year; or $10 04 per
month. As the new company will be
able to lease its power at $4 or $5 per
month per horsepower a splendid stim
ulant will be at once supplied in the
way of cheaper power to our local
small factories, as well as an incentive
given to many new enterprises to en
ter the manufacturing field against
Eastern competition. The market for
local coal consumption will also be af
fected by the lessened demand, and a
substantial reduction in price must be
given to the local consumer, under the
altered conditions which will prevail.
The cost of the whole scheme is es
timated to be $1,000,000, of which
$800,000 will go toward the electric ma
chinery and transmission line, for
which amount the General Electric
Company has guaranteed to supply
this portion of the plant and to war
rant its successful operation for a year.
The only difficult feature in the propo
sition will be the suspension lines be
fore mentioned across the bay. The
foundation of the high steel towers
will rest in concrete which will be
placed on piles driven in the mud to a
depth of forty feet. Mr. Burrell, pres
ident of the California Bridge Com
pany, has offered for $50,000 to con
struct the three high steel towers, the
tops of which must be at least 200 feet
above the bay surface. Between the
top of the towers a steel carrying
cable will be suspended, and to this
by ingenious devices the copper cur
rent wire will be attached. Excepting
this difficult point the wire will be car
ried on poles 120 feet apart, and It will
require at least 4400 of them. If the
pole line were brought on land around
by Alviso it would lengthen the line
forty miles, and besides increasing the
cost the excessive length would make
the eject rical waste so great as to
practically prohibit the inception of
this scheme at the present tii ie.
Taking the total of $1, 000,000 for a
10,000 horse power plant this would
make the cost $100 per horse power.
Taking the rental value of same at
$5 per month, one-half the present coat
of power from coal, and taking: the ex
penses of administration to be 25 per
cent, or $1 25 per month, this would
yield a return of $3 75 per month, or 45
per cent on th » total investment.
Should even one-fourth of this be the
result the promoters of this scheme
will be generously rewarded for their
enterprise. In comparison with the
East, where great extremes of heat
and cold, intense frost and snow storms
and other natural obstructions to ex
posed wires prevail, from which Cali
fornia is free, there is a fine field pre
sented for the building of such pro
jects on this coast, especially where
coal is so expensive that it retards
the natural development of manufact
ure and consequently limits the num
ber of Deople employed.
It is figured to take a year at least
for the completion of the system. As
will be seen from the accompanying
map the pole line crosses five coun
ties—Calaveras, San Joaquin, Contra
Costa, Alameda and San Francisco
over all of which rights of way have
to be acquired. Franchises are at once
to be applied for to pass through the
city of Stockton, the village of San
Leandro and the city of San Fran
cisco, as well as from the various
Boards of Supervisors to carry the pole
line along the county roads where con
venient. The acquisition of rights of
way for the pole line is now being pro
cured by Prince Poniatowskl's agents
over private lands, and in a short time
announcement may be made of the
completion of all the preliminary
steps in the scheme, so that construc
tion can be actively prosecuted. Prince
Poniatowski is to be president of the
new company, Mr. Angus, once asso
ciated with the late Mr. Roe of elec
tric promotion fame, secretary, and
Mr. Pierce and other local capitalists
will be on the directorate of the power
company.
ILLNESS OF D. C. CBITTBNDEN.
The Well-Known Mining Man Is Not
Expected to Live Many Days.
Dwight C. Crittenden is lying at the
point of death in St. Mary's Hospital,
suffering from dropsy and heart failure.
Few. if any, of the earlier stockbrokers
and mining men of California are better
known than Dwight C. Crittonden; he has
been identified with mining for the past
thirty years. Twenty years ago he
reached the height of his career, while
superintendent of the Northern Bell Min
ing Company at Candelaria, Nev., which
was then producing millions of dollars
and paying enormous dividends.
Connected with the "Big Four," of
which Mackay, Fair, Flood and O'Brien
were the magnets around whom all spec-
[ ulators hovers. Crlttenden held important
positions where at times thousands of
dollars could be made and lost ln an hour
After severing his connection with the
Bonanza firm he went in later years
as an expert to Norway, where he devel
! oped a large Iron mine. In 1884 he was
I sent in a similar capacity by Baron Grim
Piiir^mo if at f the , Llsbyn-Berlin mine at
i Pilgrime Rest, and took with him a stxty
fMinrt tl 1 h made ll i thls cltv and nrst of
to Af H«i b f, B(jnt from the United States
Traiisvatl n^ terward he drifted into the
y™« a«f. retUrned home about two
tn N miu hstandlng thG advantages he had
A BOOM IN HEMP.
The Proposed New Factory Will
Start Another California
Industry.
of hemn in th. '' Uereßt »*» the cultivation
U™ leading l « at *"»'«■ to be one of
the leading Industries of the Coast-the
mZ Tt "I hemp lnt ° artlcles of com!
merce At that time he said that a num
wmmm
ways sunorlor t «■»;»,♦ ana ln some
parts of fhe world that gr ° Wn ln * other
nea G r V Grldlev OP hn ? r( l wn ln Butte County.
whiTe heJtnff K e be< l sent to the East
sown In thlt year about 200 acres were
wUI be in r,tn d f to harvest the factory
they will shin th f order - but lf "la not
to EuTooe P hi. ell L Crops to the East and
more than' it*V* l £ ey are sure of making
ln OO S r ome a o n tner th pp e rr J od hh vu a ct Planted the gr ° Un!
t^ « , A BovereI 6n Remedy.
~r r \7 er>s Cou KhCure.l dose will stoo
cough; never falls; 25c; all druggists. "
NOVEL BOOTHS.
This Will Be One of the Features at
the Jewish Pair to Open Sat
urday Evening.
The bazaar in connection with the
«usn street Synagogue will open Satur
day evening at Union Square Hall and
continue a week. The affair promises to
be a brilliant success, as neither time nor
energy has been spared toward the fur
thering of these ends.
There will be some novel booths pat
terned after Eastern fairs, and the ladies
or that synagogue are noted for their
taste and designing.
Preparations have been going on for
some months, and the hall has been
tu rned into a very fairy garden.
The following ladies are some of the
participants: Mrs. Felix Block. Mrs. D.
Newhouse. Mrs. D. S. Dans, Mrs. Isaac
Frohman. Mrs. Laventhal. Mrs. Abram
Altmayer. Mrs. J. Reiss. Miss Julia Her
zog. Miss Flora Ni and others.
Shiomoto Must Go.
Terrence V. Powderly. commissioner
general of immigration, sent a telegram
yesterday to United States Immigration
Commissioner North announcing the dis
missal of the appeal of K. Shiomoto, who
was ordered deported by the local com
missioner on the ground that he came
here from Japan as a contract laborer.
Shiomoto acknowledged on his examina
tion that he came here under contract to
work for his brother. The order of Com
missioner Powderly has been approved by
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Cure your cold, with Low's Horehound
Cough Syrup; price 10c, 417 Sansome st •
DAVIDSON
DOWNED BY
THE REGENTS
Prof. James G. Keeler
Elected Director of
Lick Observatory.
The Defeated Candidate Given
the Chair of Geog
raphy.
Next Move May Be the Dis
placement of President
Kellogg.
DR. PEPPER IS SLATED.
Money - Lending Transactions ]
mand Attention of the Regents
In Secret Session.
The Regents of the State University
yesterday elected Professor James G.
Keeler of Allegheny, Pa., director of
the Lick Observatory to fill the vacancy
caused by the resignation of E. S. Hol
den. The friends of Professor George
W. Davidson made a gallant contest in
behalf of the veteran astronomer, but
the "combine" for a new man was tut
powerful to be overcome.
It is said that the offer was made to
Professor Davidson to elect him unani
mously provided he would agree to re
sign in the near future, but he declined
the proposition.
It is the talk now that Dr. Pepper has
been slated to succeed Martin Kellogg
as president of the university. The re
port goes that many regents have been
quietly sounded on this proposition.
The suggestion is advanced that Mrs.
Hearst would be pleased if the position
of president of the university were ten
dered to Dr. Pepper, as she entertains
a high opinion of his intellectual and
executive ability. The Regents are
disposed to respect the wishes of Mrs.
Hearst in order to encourage her to
munificently endow the institution. No
doubt her wishes will be consulted in
the selection of a president to succeed
Mr. Kellogg.
It Is understood that Governor Budd
has made up his mind to reappoint J.
West Martin as Regent. In place of
George T. Marye, whose term is about
to expire, it is said that the Governor
will appoint E. A. Denicke, who is now
a Regent by virtue of holding the office
of president of the Mechanics' Insti
tute.
The Board of Regents convened at
11 a_ m. yesterday. The members at
tending the session were: T. G. Phelps
(presiding). Governor Budd, A. S. HaJ
lidie, J. West Martin, I. W. Hellman,
Albert Miller, E. A. Denicke, J. F.
Houghton, Phebe A. Hearst, H. S.
Foote, C. M. Chase, Dr. Chester Rowell
(Fresno), Lieutenant-Governor William
T. Jeter, Arthur Rodgers, President
Martin Kellogg, George T. Marye, Wil
liam T. Wallace, John E. Budd, James
A. Waymire, J. B. Reinstein, C. W.
Slack and S. T. Black.
The forenoon session was devoted
chiefly to reading minutes in open ses
sion and a long pow-wow in executive
session. Regent Hallidie as usual
moved for the secret session, and when
the spectators and newspaper report
ers were excluded the business of the
board began. It was explained that
the Regents had financial matters to
consider. It was known beforehand
that some delay in a money-lending
transaction of $56,000 at Los Angeles
had been caused by the discoviry that
the title to the property offered ac se
curity was in the name of Henrievta
Workman, when the application for
the loan had been made by A. Work
man. Great haste had been made in
Los Angeles to complete the transac
tion before the first Monday In March
— all Assessors' day.
The Regents are great on money
lending, and are often called on to ad
just little vexations in secret session.
The Johnson property in this city is
held some way by the Regents, and
yesterday the sum of $3500 had to be
voted to repair the premises in order
to keep up the rents. The vote on this
proposition was not taken, however, In
secret session.
The Wilmerdlng bequest of $400,000 is
some way Invested in the Johnson
property. The money Is safe and draws
a good rate of interest, but the inter
est earnings are by some process
pooled with other loans, and hence
cmly an average is accredited to the
Wilmerding investment. The people of
the State are not to be troubled with
the details of these complicated trans
actions. It is enough for the people
to know that the standard of educa
tion, already high, is going to be
higher.
When the board met at 2 o'clock the
report of President Kellogg first occu
pied its attention. Professor Slate of
the department of physics proposed
that Assistant Professor Lewis be
given a traveling fellowship for one
year on the income of the Whiting be
quest fund. Although President Kel
logg recommended the appropriation,
many of the Regents opposed it. Judge
Slack was opposed to it on the ground
that this was a special use of the
fund, and contrary to its object, which
was to establish a permanent form of
expenditure. After Professor Kellogg
had explained his reasons for recom
mending the outlay, it was adopted on
a majority vote.
A communication was received from
the Academic .Council, which recom
mend the holding of summer schools
in other branches besides physics and
chemistry. It was referred to a spe
cial committee, composed of Judge
Slack, Mr. Black and Lieutenant-Gov
ernor Jeter, who will report on its ad
visability at the next meeting.
Assistant Secretary Roosevelt of
the Navy Department sent a
communication, setting forth that ow
ing to the scarcity of officers it would
be impossible to detail a naval engi
neer as Instructor at Berkeley.
On the recommendation of Professor
Clapp of the department in Greek, Mr.
Husband was given the position of as
sistant in the place of Mr. Nutting, re
signed.
On motion the reports of standing
committees were passed and the spe
cial order of business calling for the
election of a director for the Lick Ob
servatory was taken up.
Mr. Houghton arose and placed in
nomination Professor George Davidson.
In his speech he called attention to Mr.
Davidson's fitness for the position. In
his hand he held a pamphlet in which
was printed, in chronological order, a
history of Davidson's achievements
from the year 1843. He told of his
abrupt dismissal from the Geodetic Sur
ADVERTISEMENTS. ..
NEW WASH "■
' w^w.
GOODS.
vJV/ KJr L/^Z?©
We will open this week a magni-
ficent collection of NEW FOREIGN
AND DOMESTIC WASH DRESS
GOODS.
The special lines to be offered this
week are as follows:
[2 cases (480 pieces) 36-INCH EXTRA
QUALITY PRINTED PERCALES, if\\^ _y
in light, medium and dark grounds. IZ2u Yd
7 cases (210 pieces) PRINTED IRISH
DIMITIES, in 100 different designs, ftr^
all fast colors /UU Yd
9 cases (360 pieces) GENUINE COT-
TON COVERT CLOTHS, in an 101
elegant variety of new mixtures . . . lZ2ll Yd
5 cases (150 pieces) PRINTED
FRENCH ORGANDIES, very hand- t\r^
some designs, full 31 inches wide. ... j£3u Yd
4 cases (160 pieces) GENUINE SCIN-
DIA MADRAS, 31 inches wide, 18 IT ft "
different designs. I J UYd
3 cases (120 pieces) GENUINE
SCOTCH ZEPHYRS, in handsome *)C n
plaids and stripes..... ZwU Yd
SEND FOR SAMPLES.
■
- ■ :
"...
HI, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
vey, and stated that his election to this
position would be a reparation in that
regard. As he was a man of tact and
ability, he would harmonize matters in
the observatory, In a way that we have
not had in many years past.
Judge H. S. Foote, in an eloquent
speech, seconded the nomination. He
said he knew of no man in this coun
try better fitted for the position and no
one who would carry greater weight
than Professor Davidson. He thought
he would organize the forces at the ob
servatory and keep it in better condi
tion than any one else; that he was a
splendid all-round man and last of all
that he was a Californian and an honor
to his State.
Chairman Phelps vacated his position
for the purpose of placing in nomina
tion Acting Director Schaeberle of the
Lick. In a speech full of fire and elo
quence, he told of his candidate's fit
ness for the important office.
Mr. Rodgers thought that President
Kellogg was a trusted member of the
university, and called upon him for his
opinion as to who was the proper man
for the position.
President Kellogg stated that he had
written to leading astronomers on the
subject. He then read communicatio"ns
from Professor G. E. Hale, who is In
charge of the Yerkes Observatory. In
which the latter gave as his opinion
that Professor Keeler was the best man
for the place. Professor Simon New
comb also chose Keeler, and Professor
Chickering of Harvard wrote that Pro
fessor Keeler would be his choice for
the position. Professor S. T. Langley,
head of the Smithsonian Institution,
also chose Professor Keeler.
Arthur Rodgers then arose, and said:
'•I need not remind ttie regents of the
importance of this selection and of the
fact that, owing to the fame of the ob
servatory abroad, we can secure the ser
vices of anybody, almost without ex
ception, for the position. I am sure we
can secure any of the leading astron
omers of America. I am satisfied we
could secure for the position Simon
Newcomb, who recommends Professor
Keeler, and is probably one of the most
distinguished in the world, who has
been in charge of the National Observ
atory at Washington, who has re
ceived more decorations than any other
astronomer in America. It is not neces
sary to go over the names In detail.
It seems to me it is our duty to select
the best man."
Mr. Rodgers then went on and told of
Professor Heeler's ability and Qtness
for the place. After paying Professor
Davidson many compliments, he closed
by saying that he thought Davidson
was better fit for the position of pro
fesor in geography at Berkeley.
Judge Wallace then followed with a
spirited speech, in which he indorsed
Professor Davidson. He said he did
not believe in petitions, as any one
could gttin any number. He closed by
eulogizing his candidate, saying that
he was an honor to his State and we
should further honor him by electing
him to the position and make his re
maining years a pleasure and give him
an opportunity to add further laurels to
his already well-known name.
The nominations being closed. Regent
Marye moved that the board go into
executive session, but after spirited
speeches by Foote, Wallace and the
mover of the motion. It was lost. An
other motion to have a secret ballot
met the same fate.
As the secretary called the regents
by name they voted as follows:
For Davidson — Jeter, Chase, Denlcke,
Foote, Hellman. Houghton. Miller,
Wallace, Waymire and Governor Budd
—10.
For Keeler— Kellogg. J. E. Budd, Mrs.
CASTORiA
For Infants and Children.
■ Ti«lko- ■. ., ■>y ij ... . • _ .
■iallt s*l¥ //c - mm frea
Hearst. Hallidie, Martin, Marye, Rein
stein, Rowell, Rodgers and Slack— lo.
For Schaeberle— Black and Phelps — 2.
On the second ballot Regents Phelps
and Black changed to Keeler, giving
him the election by two votes.
President Kellogg will advise Profes
sor Keeler of hi* election.
It was decided to exhibit some of the
celestial photographs at the New York
Academy of Sciences' exhibition and
they will be forwarded East by the ob
servatory in a few days.
Regent Rodgers then arose and
moved that Professor Davidson be ten
dered a professorship in geography at
the university at a salary of {3000 a
year. The motion was carried.
After a Jong debate it was decided to
give the senior graduating class $400
instead of $260, to be used in prepar
ing their exhibition on commencement
week.
The committee on buildings In
formed the regents through a commun
ication that East Hall had been com
pleted and was ready for occupation.
On motion it was agreed to approve of
the building.
The committee on reservoir reported
the early completion of the work. A
report was made on the work now In
progress, and the chairman stated that
within a month the college buildings
would be fully protected from fire. Re
gent Budd thought a celebration was
in order when the work was finished.
The protection of the Mark Hopkins
Art Institute from fire was next taken
up, and it was decided that the ex
penses of placing fire apparatus in and
about the building should be borne by
the regents.
The committee on congressional
land grant reported and recommended
that the California delegation in Con
gress be requested to oppose the In
dian appropriation bill, amendment No.
58, being what is known as the free
homestead bill. It was ordered that a
telegram be sent to the members of
the delegation to oppose its passage.
The committee on dairy school re
commended to the board that the
finance committee be requested to In
sert in the next budget an amount suf
ficient to cover the cost of establisfi
ing and maintaining a school to be
created in the department of agricul
ture in the State University.
Professor Christy asked and was
given $500 for the purpose of running
his laboratory for the balance of the
year.
An adjournment was then taken.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYADI WATER
HunyadiJ&nos
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER complaints
& HEMORRHOIDS,
■ ■ ■
"The prototype of all Bitter Waters." Lancet.
"Speedy, sure, gentle." BrilUhJledieaUournai
', CAUTIOX: See that the tab€l bears thetiQit*- /
Cure of the firm. .
: Andrea* Saxlehner.
O.DEWEY,STRONG&CD.^g^
PATENTS 1
Xa^33o MARKET ST. .XSBf
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
O O MARKET ST.. OPP pirJa
Valencia street. T«l»t>fao»«, "CaurSrSfc
■ •' ' .':v . " ■• ■ . ;-.... ';:*•;*