VOLUME LXXXIH.-yO. 100.
MILLIONS APPROPRIATED
FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE
rRUE PATRIOTS,
THE SENATORS
PASS THE BILL
When Americans Are Aroused at Their
Country's Danger They Pour Out
Wealth to Make the Na
tion's Honor Safe.
Call Office. Riggs House,
Washington, March Q.
President McKinley's hands
have been upheld by both
.ranches of the American Con
gress. With enthusiasm, fervor
and promptness almost unpar
alleled in the Senate in time of
pe?ce that body to-day passed
the emergency appropriation bill
carrying $18.3,000 of deficiencies
and placing at the disposition of
the President $50,000,000 for na
tional defense. The vote by
1 which the measure was passed
1 was unanimous. Seventy-six
I short, sharp and emphatic
> speeches vere delivered in favor
> of the bill, each one being simply
> a ringing "aye" during the roll-
Not only did every Senator present
register his vote in favor of the bill, but
for every absent member the authori
tative announcement made that if
he were present he would vote aye.
From the time the bill was presented to
.!,_. f ■zni*^ by -£&ile ni Mfljnr until it was
passed not an inharmonious note was
sounded. Party lines were swept aside.
In a general outburst of patriotic feel
ing pairs were broken, every Senator
being anxious to register his vote on the
measure. It was just 12:13 when Hale
the bill to the Senate and
asked that it be placed on its passage.
The members of the Committee on
Appropriations had previously entered
into an arrangement whereby there
would be no debate on the bill, and
after it was rend Vice-President Hobart
placed it immediately on its passage.
Twelve minutes after the bill was re
ported to the Senate the Vice-President
announced its unanimous passage. The
business was accomplished so quickly
that most of the people who crowded
the galleries scarcely realized that the
measure, so far as Congress was con
cerned, had become a law. Some of the
spectators fully grasped the meaning of
the Senate's action, and when the an
nouncement of the vote was made a
murmur of applause ran through the
galleries. The members of the Senate,
however, maintained a dignified silence.
the realization among all of them beine
keen that a situation which warranted
the passage of so unusual a measure was
too grave to prompt an outburst of ap
plause. The earnestness and determi
nation was evinced on both sides of the
Chamber, but there was not a note of
levity that would detract from the se
riousness of the work perfected.
At the conclusion of the usual morn
ing business Hale of Maine, chairman
of the Appropriation Committee, quietly
rose and said:
"I report from the Committee on Ap
propriations without amendment an act
to supply urgent deficiencies for the
current year and for other purposes,
and I ask that it be placed on its pas
sage."
The bill, which was the measure ap
propriating $50,183,000, of which $50.
000,000 was to be placed at the disposal
of the President for national defense,
was then, amid intense silence, read in
full.
At the conclusion of the reading there
being no. amendment to the bill it was
placed on its passage. Hale asked that
the ayes and nays be called. Such
unanimity as the. rollcall developed was
as unusual as it was significant. Pairs
were broken on both sides of the cham
ber in order that all those present micrht
evince their patriotism and desire to up
hold the hands of the President in this
time of emergency by voting directly
for the measure.
During the rollcall it was authorita
tively announced for every absent Sen
ator that if he were present he would
vote aye.
Allen of Nebraska, in making the
announcement for Thurston, said. "Mv
colleague is unavoidably detained
from the Senate, but if he were here he
would vote aye," whereupon Vest of
Missouri suggested, sotto voce, that
Thurston might vote in Havana, where
he is now. The sally created a laugh
among those near by.
When Perkins of California made
a similar announcement for Mr. White
he said: "My senior partner, if he were
here " and then, catching himself,
The San Francisco Call
FIFTY MILLIONS GIVEN
FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE.
WASHINGTON, March 9.— The bill putting
into the hands of the President $50,000,000 to
be expended at his discretion in strengthening the
deFenses of the country has passed both houses
of Congress, has been signed and is now the law
of the land.
KbbULVtu, mat mere is nereoy appropriated out
f any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri.
ted, for the national defense, and for each and every
urpose connected therewith, to be expended at the
iscretion of the President and to remain available until
une 30. 1899, $50,000,000.
Mr. McKinney, the enrolling clerk of the House,
w anticipation of the passage of the bill by the
Senate to-day, had it printed on parchment yes
terday ready for formal enrollment, but it was not
anticipated that the bill would be passed by the
Senate without debate. The parchment copy,
therefore, was still at the Government Printing
Office when the bill passed the Senate and was
returned to the House.
Mr. McKinney, as soon as he learned of the ac
tion of the Senate, telephoned the Government
Printing Office to hurry the bill to the House by a
special mounted messenger.
At 1:15 o'clock the messenger came clattering
up to the Capitol with the printed bill. Mr. Hager
of lowa, chairman of the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, hurriedly compared the printed copy with
the bill as it passed the two houses.
At 1:40 P. M. the Speaker of the House an
nounced that he had signed the bill. At 3P. M.
the bill was signed by the Vice-President and
taken at once to the White House, where at 4
o'clock the President affixed his signature to the
measure.
joined good-naturedly in the general
laugh which followed.
Chandler of New Hampshire pre
sented the following resolution, which
indicates that the disaster to the battle
ship Maine is to have a thorough inves
tigation by the Senate:
"Resolved, That in conducting the in
quiry into the cause of destruction of
the battle-ship Maine in Havana her
bor on February 15, 1898, under resolu
tion of the Senate of February 21, the
Committee on Naval Affairs is hereby
authorized to send for persons and pa
pers, to employ a stenographer and to
make investigation by the full commit
tee or by sub-committees thereof, the
expenses of said investigation to be paid
from the contingent fund of the Senate."
The resolution was referred to the
Committee on Contingent Expenses.
At 12:40 p. m.. on motion of Davis
of Minnesota, chairman of the Commit
tee on Foreign Relations, the Senate
went into executive session, adjourning
at 1:35 P- m-
HAS AMFRICA BOUGHT
WARSHIPS OF BRAZIL?
It Is Stated in Bio Janeiro That One
or More Cruisers Have Been
Sold.
NEW YORK, March 9.— From his
correspondent in Rio Janeiro to-day
Charles R. Flint of this city received a
cable dispatch announcing that the
Government of Brazil had never au
thorized nor sanctioned the sale to
Spain of the Amazonas or her sister
warship, which ate now being con
structed by the Armstrongs in England.
A Buenos Ayres cable to the Herald
says: The Herald's correspondent in
Rio Janeiro, Brazil, sends me these ad
vices: The Brazilian Government offi
cials persist in denying that Brazil has
sold any warships, but I am informed
on high authority that she has sold one
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, MARCH 10, 1898.
or more of her vessels now building in
Europe to the United States.
As for Spain, I am authorized to state
that if there were negotiations on her
part for the purchase of ships from
Brazil the latter country refused to
sell, for very obvious reasons.
Brazil has in the Armstrong ship
yards at Newcastle three cruisers of the
same type— the Amazonas, the Bar
rozo and a third vessel not yet named.
The vessels reach 300 feet in length
and 44 feet in breadth. They have twin
screws. Their tonnage is 3600 and their
horse-power 7500. They are expected to
attain a speed of twenty knots. Thr.
cruisers cost £300,000 each.
SPANISH STATESMEN
ARE KEEPING COOL.
At the Same Time the Speculators
Are Inclined to Deal Largely
in False Rumors.
MADRID, March 9. — Some people
thought the Cabinet council held this
afternoon and this evening would de
velop something sensational, but noth
ing of the kind occurred. The Ministers
took a common sense view, and the re
sult is that there is nothing new. All
is peaceful and calm.
Officials and the general world have
taken yesterday's events in America
with a marked lack of emotion, which
is more significant than much noise.
There is a strong undercurrent of feel
ing that it merely means America must
be prepared for the worst, but war is
not necessary.
The Bourse took a pessimistic view on
endless false rumors, the principal one
of which is that the Spanish Charge
d' Affaires in Washington, had been
j handed his passports.
Catholic Knights Ready.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., March 9.— Major
General Lee H. Kadesky, commander
in-chief of the uniform rank Catholic
Knights of America, said to an Asso
ciated Press reporter that of the 25.000
| members of the organization, all well
j drilled men, 10,000 men could be put
into the field within twenty-four hours
I in case of war.
IN THE HORNETS' NEST.
The United States Cruiser Montgomery Lying at Anchor in Havana Harbor Near the Wreck of the Maine, Sur
rounded by the Warships Viscaya, Almirante Oquendo, Alphonso XII and Other Spanish Vessels.
THE MONTGOMERY
UNDER THE GUNS
OF GRIM MORRO.
White Cruiser Lies in the Harbor
Where the Maine's Men
Went Down to
Death.
Co&yrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon
Bennett.
HAVANA, March 9.— Spick and span
in the glistening garb of white paint,
the United States cruiser Montgomery
lies at her moorings in Havana har
bor, a pretty contrast fo the blcck
painted hulls of her larger neighbors,
the Vizcaya and the Almirante Oquendo.
So close is her prow to the stern of
the Vizcaya that orders given on the
deck of one ship might almost be
heard in the forecastle of the other.
A good second-base man could easily
throw a baseball from one of the Viz
caya's frowning guns to one of the
Montgomery's ten rapid-firs five-inch
breech-loaders.
There lie, almost end to end, the repre
sentatives of sovereign powers. The usual
naval courtesies have been exchanged
with punctilious politeness. Commander
Converse is quite the equal of gallant
Captain Eulate in affairs of this kind, and
the discipline of his ship is superb. When
I ran alongside the Montgomery's gangway
this afternoon a detail of seamen was busy
scrubbing from her glistening sides the last
black smudges remaining from yesterday's
coaling at Key West.
A marine orderly at the head of the gang
way informed me courteously that no vis
itors would be received. He took my card
to Commander Converse, however, and the
captain immediately requested the executive
officer to receive the Herald's correspondent
on the quar'erdeck. Commander Converse
and Captain Sigsbee were busy at the mo
ment in the captain's cabin preparing for their
official calls ashore.
The Montgomery's executive officer told
me all hands arrived well and ready for any
duty assigned teem by the department. The
reason for the dtlay in entering the harbor
this morning, he explained, was a desire to
clean up the ship and make their toilet be
fore entering pert, their hasty departure
from Key West net having permitted a thor
ough washing of the ship's sides after tak
ing on coal.
Commander Corverse received me a mo
ment later. He slid frankly he had no idea
how long the Montgomery would remain in
port, but that tie Herald's correspondent
would always be welcome aboard. As an
earnest of this ht introduced me to each of
h/s officers-
Ensign Powe/son has already transferred
his baggage from the Fern and made him
self at home on tte Montgomery. While I
stood on the cruiser's deck a boatload of
pleasure-seekers fnm shore passed between
the Montgomery's orow and the Vizcaya's
stern. Some exuberant passenger in ihe
small boat hoisiea an American flag and
called for three cheeks for the United States
navy. Some of the bluejackets swarming
on deck forward stowed a deposition to
respond to this patrotic call from the ex
uberant stranger, just across the narrow
stretch of intervenint water the trim sailor
men of Spam were watching with curious
eyes, but the vigilant officer of the deck in
stantly suppressed any demonstration by the
Montgomery's men.
"No demonstrations forward there!" he
sang out, and the btuejackets who might
have feit like cheering resumed their posts
and their stolid faces simultaneously, like
martyrs to duty tnd discipline.
The Court of hquiry is still busy direct
ing ihe work o\ divers and hearing their
reports, Olsen aid Smith being the divers
most in evidence to-day. Naval Constructor
Hoover and Mr. Htlms, the ship-carpenter of
the Maine, spent stme time among the divers
and floats obtaining and verifying data bear
ing on structural evidence as to the cause of
the disaster. Thimkind of work will proba
SPAIN'S NAVAL
PREPARATIONS.
Copyrighted, IS9S. by James Gordon
Bennett.
PARIS, March 9.— The Temps pub
lishes i. dispatch from Havre stating
that the fitting out of the Spanish
armored cruiser Carlos Qulnto is
being pushed forward rapidly. A
high powered 1 1 -Inch Hontorea gun
has just been mounted in the for
ward armor clad turret. A similar
gun will be placed in the after turret.
i bly occupy the entire time of the court dur
ing the remainder of its sojourn here.
Much of the evidence of the Merritt A
Chapman Wrecking Company's divers re
mains to be taken, and there is no certainty
that this will bring the court's work to an
end. One of the most prominent members
of the Court of Inquiry told me to-day,
seemingly with the utmost frankness, that
they themselves could not yet determine, even
approximately, the probable time of their
departure.
In reference to General Weyler's denial in
the Herald that mines were ever placed in
Havana harbor, it has been said that Cap
tain Sigsbee indirectly confirmed General
Weyler's denial, because the Maine's officers,
immediately after her arrival here, had made
a careful examination with a view to deter
mining whether the harbor was mined in
their vicinity. This statement, in so far as
it applies to the action of Captain Sigsbee
and his men, lam in a position to deny un
equivocally, on the highest authority. Mo
such examination was made, nor would it
have been practicable, even if deemed ex
pedient. The ship was in a friendly harbor
on a visit of courtesy. For her officers to
have gone about dredging for hidden mines
or other menaces to life would have been as
discourteous as the action of a guest who
took pains to inspect the closets or cock his
pistol and look under the bed before retiring
for the night in the house of his friends.
INSTRUCTED TO BUY ALL
THE POWDER IN SIGHT.
Commander Brownson to Contract for
Every Available Pound of
the Explosive.
BOSTON, March 9. — It is learned that
the most Important task which has
been assigned to Commodore Brownson
in his trip abroad is tv buy powder for
the use of the navy. The most impor
tant point is that he is not simply told
to buy powder, but to contract for all
the powder he can get. The supply of
powder in the United States suitable
for naval use is limited, and ammuni
tion manufacturers are not in a posi
tion to till emergency orders. It is
said that the navy has hardly enough
smokeless powder to begin operations.
An important factor in the manufac
ture of powder is camphor. Practi
cally the entire camphor product Is
new used for this purpose, and even if
ammunition manufacturers possessed
all other facilities thqy would still be
unable to procure this necessary in
gredient. No substitute for camphor
in powder manufacturing has ever
been discovered.
Mortars for Pensacola.
ATLANTA. Ga., March 9.— Five car
loads of war material for Galveston
and three big 10-inch guns bound for
I'ensacola passed through Atlanta to
night. In the Galveston consignment
were four steel mortars, weighing 117,
000 pounds, and two carloads of gun
powder. The big guns for Pensacola
weigh 67,000 pounds each. All of the
way bills for these instruments of war
are marked "rush."
TO BUY SHIPS
OF WAR IN OLD
WORLD MARKETS
The Officers of the Government
Will Give Their Attention
Also to Rifles for the
Army.
Call Office, Biggs House,
Washington, March 9.
The Secretary of the Navy
is making every effort to se
cure from, our naval attaches
and by diplomatic, officers
abroad, ftll information ob
tainable respecting the num
ber of ships building, their
price and other data. This
will not necessarily interfere
with tae execution of the plans
confided to Captain Brownson,
who sailed for Southampton
to-day, but rather promises to
assist him materially in mak
ing speed with his inquiries.
Up to this moment not only
has the Government bought
no warship, but it has not evsn
secured an option on one.
There are many applications
comii g to the department from
persons and firms which de
sire to sell ships to tae Gov
ernment, but in most of these
cases one of two fatal obsta
cles are encountered to the
consummation of the sales.
Either the craft offered is not
suitable for naval needs, or the
date of possible completion is
so far distant, from three
months upward, that it can
not be regarded as worthy of
purchase to meet an emer
gency.
There is less difficulty experienced
in securing tenders of war material,
such as shot and shell and powder,
and the Navy Department has almost
assured itself of an abundant supply
of certain kinds of smokeless pow
der abroad at short notice. The offi
cials of the department are in daily
correspondence by mail and tele-
graph with the agents of ammunition
houses and besides are now fully ac
quainted with the plans of domestic
powder makers for enlarging their
plants to meet an emergency. The
representatives of the armor making
firms are in consultation with the
department steadily, generally rela
tive to the supply of gun forgings
and such material for use in the gun
shops here and at Waterville, but the
armor is receiving little attention, as
the armor makers report that they
cannot undertake by any known
agency to turn out such armor as
would be required for a modern bat
tleship in less than seven months
for the reason that tempering and
face-hardening cannot be hastened
without destroying the value of the
armor. Thus, it has been demon
strated to the Navy Department, it
will not De possible to make the ar
mor for the superb battleships, three
in number, now building at Newport
News and at Cramps and at the
Union Iron Works in San Francisco,
in time to render snips far better,
it is claimed, than any offered from
abroad for sale, available for any
emergency that may arise this year.
The statement was made at the
Navy Department to-day that the
report of the Maine Court of Inquiry
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SPAIN BUYING GUNS.
NEW YORK, March 9.— A
Washington special to the Her
ald says: Spain is attempting to
keep pace v'ith the "r.ted States
in making preparations for war.
Besides negotiating for ships,
she is making plans to purchase
large supplies of ordnance ma
terial from English manufactur
ers. Information to this effect
was received to-day at the Navy
Department. One representative
of an English gun, projectile and
powder firm informed the offi
cials that he had received a
cablegram from his employers
that Spain had practically com-
pleted arrangements for secur
ing a large number of rapid fire
guns, with necessary projectiles
and powder. The officials be
lieve that this information was
given in order that the depart
ment might be induced to hurry
up and place orders ahead of the
Madrid Government.
Captain Charles O'Neil, Chief
of the Bureau of Ordnance, has
refused to buy small lots of rapid
fire guns which English mer
chants have offered. He and
other officials are willing that
the Spanish Government should
get hold of these odds and ends.
According to information re
ceived from Lieutenant Dyer,
naval attache of the United
States at Madrid, Spain is push
ing work with the greatest vigor
on the torpedo vessels Don
Maria de Molina, Marquis de la
Victoria and Don Alvaro de
Bazan, which will be ready
probably in May, and on the
battleships Pelayo, Vittoria and
Numancia and the cruiser Al
fonso XIII, which are about
ready.
These vessels Spain intends to
send to Cuba as soon as they
are placed in commission. It is
possible that they will accom
pany the squadron now at Cadiz
to protect it from attack by the
United States ships.
probably would come to the depart
ment some time next week. It did
not appear that this was founded on
any direct report from the court, bul
was rather an estimate based upon
the progress so far made as revealed
by the change of methods on th«
part of the court.
It is not expected that Lieutenant
Commander Marix, the Judge Advo
cate of the court, wil leave the couri
until it has completed its labors, and
it is the custom for the Judge Advo
cate to assist in the preparation oj
the final report.
Many congratulations are coming
to the White House and the Stati
Department from all parts of th«
country upon the patriotic spirit ii
dealing with the latest phas-e of tin
Cuban question. Most of them an
official, in character, but many an
personally directed to the President
Admiral Sicard has been author«
ized to enlist suitable men for thi
navy at Key West if he can find tin
material. He reported that he had
received some applications from ma*
chinists and seamen and was imme
diately given the power to take th«
men. The department is still striv
ing vigorously to secure machinists
especially men who know how to nu
stationary engines. These men cai2
HIGH OFFICIALS TALK OF PEACE
be quickly taught how to run ma
rine engines and require little other
training to make them valuable
aboard ship. •
The War Department is arranging
to secure a large supply of the most
modern rifles, sufficient in time of
emergency to arm a force of 500,009
men. The need of these modern guns
has long been apparent, but Congress
has not shown a disposition to supply
any reserve of rifles for use by a vol
unteer force in time of war. Now,
however, an adequate supply of the
most effective rifles will be among
the uses to which the War Depart
ment will put its share of the defense
fund.
It is stated by high officials of
the department to-day that no board
was necessary to inquire into the
merits of the various guns on the
market. The department would turn
to the best sources of supply. These,
it is said, are ample within the
United States to turn out, rifles of the
most approved pattern as fast as the
Government wants them. It is not
unlikely, however, that the demand
will require the army to turn from
the Krag-Jorgensen rifle, now in use,
and adopt in part at least, one of the
American made guns. General Miles
strongly favors the "straight pull
gun." It is of American make and
has been adopted by the British
Government as the standard arm, a
million being now in the hands of
British soldiers. General Miles re-
commended its adoption eighteen
years ago when a member of a board
for the choice of a rifle. He con
tinued his advocacy of it, and in view
of his ranking position in the army,
his view will have much weight.
This gun is used by the United States
Navy and this is being urged as an
other point in its favor, as the re
serve supply would be available for
either branch of the Government ser
vice. The Ordnance Bureau of the
War Department has control of the
letting of contracts for rifles, small
arms, etc. The officials of the bureau
observe great reticence, feeling that
the publication of what tney are do
ing would prejudice the interests of
the Government. But the closing of
contracts is almost a question of
time, for the heads of departments
are agreed that these supplies are
the first to be secured.
Like attention is being given to
supplies of powder, cartridges, etc.,
for the army. Those In authority say
orders can be filled without delay,
and that about the only branch of
ordnance on which the facilities are
not fully up to an emergency de
mand are those for heavy fortifica
tion guns.
BLANCO SAYS AMERICANS
WILL BE PROTECTED.
Assures General Lee That Our Citi-
Zens in Havana Are Not in
Danger.
HAVANA. March 9.— Consul-Ge
neral Lee is on the best of terms with
General Blanco, Senor Jose Congosto
and the most influential Spanish mer
chants. All assure him of absolute
protection, even if the volunteers
should make a demonstration. General
Lee believes the volunteers would be
controlled by the merchants in whose
employ they are. Others doubt this,
but the ranking colonel of the volun
teers assures General Lee that the
Consulate and the Americans would in
no event be the object of a demonstra
tion should any occur. General Lee is
no more anxious to remain in the vex
atious j)i 'Pit i«.m than any other Consul
in Cuba, but he has no intention of re-
Fipning nor any belief that he will be
recalled. He- is cool, good humored and
somewhat impatient of the sensational
and untruthful reports emanating from
Havana or Key West. The volunteers
are apparently more quiet since they
were assured by the Government here
and by Madrid that there is no inten
tion to disarm or disband the corps.
The Havana battalions have been sup
ported In their protest by comrades of
the same corps throughout Cuba.
TORPEDO BOATS TALBOT
AND GWYN ACCEPTED.
Navy Department Acts Before t^.e
Board of Inspection
Reports.
WASHINGTON, March 9.— The ac
ceptance of the torpedo boats Talbot
and Gwyn has been directed by the
Navy Department, although the of
ficial recommendation of the Board of
Inspection and Survey has not yet been
received. The department has been
advised that the boats made a speed
above twenty knots, their contract
speed, and upon this information their
acceptance is based. They will be sent
to New London, Conn., where their tor
pedo outfits will be placed on board
and where they will receive their
trews.
Ammunition for Fort Warren.
BOSTON, March 9.— A consignment
of ammunition, consisting of twenty
four tons of shot and shell, came in to
day and is being transferred by lighter
to Fort Warren and the fortifications
at Long Island Head. This week eight
eight-tnn guns are to be taken from
Fort Winthrop and shipped by rail to
some southern port. The revenue cut
ter Daniel Manning left this port to
day for New York there to receive sail
ing orders, understood here to be for
Key West.
Arizona Wants to Fight.
PHOENIX, Ariz., March 9.— The fol
io-wing telegram was sent to the Presi
dent to-day, signed by Charles H. All
ers. Acting Governor of Arizona:
"Arizona people, regardless of politi
cal faiths, unite in congratulating you
upon your firm, conservative and patri
otic course in the present trying situa
tion between Xhe United States and
Spain. In the event of an emergency
we beg to be remembered in the call
for assistance, assuring you of the pa
triotic enthusiasm of all our citizens
who will willingly shoulder their mus
kets in support of the nation's honor
should that be' called in question."
No French Loan for Spain.
Copyrighted, IR9R, by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, March 9.— Confirming my
previous dispatch, I may say that noth
ing is known here of Spain contracting
a loan in Paris. I am informed on the
highest authority that the rumor was
•ntirely without foundation.
CAPTAIN EULATE
IS A GENTLEMAN
How His Instincts Have
Been Manifested in
Havana Harbor.
The Toe of His Boot for the
Person of a Rabid Span
ish Jingo.
Surprise and Discomfiture of the
Men Who Abused the Visiting
Yankee Sailors.
Copyrighted, 189S, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, Cuba, via Key West, Fla.,
March 9.— Captain Eulate of the Span
ish cruiser Vizcaya, who was seen in
New York recently, has just figured in
an incident here which may prove that
some at least of Spain's best officers
will not cater to the rabble desire
about Americans in Havana.
The Vizcaya lay near the Fern be
fore the latter made room for the Mont
gomery, and when the vessels swung
close together words spoken on the
quarterdeck of one could be heard on
the other. Boats loaded with enthusi
astic Spaniards have filled the water
about the Spanish cruisers since their
arrival, and many visitors have been
allowed to go aboard and have in
spected the eleven-inch guns which
landsmen believe are proof of Havana's
impregnability. The visitors some
times, before going up the Vizoaya's
ladder, have rowed ostentatiousiy
around the Fern. Their remarks on
such occasions have been rather pic
turesque than polite.
The Vizcaya's captain on Monday
stood on his quarterdeck and heard a
boat load of people from the shore use
abusive language as they r owed
about the Fern. The men on the latter
vessel, although they knew the com
pliments were intended for them, ig
nored the billingsgate and the shore
party pulled to the Vizcaya and board
ed- her.
When they were all on deck, near the
ladder, the captain of the Spanish
cruiser, with a word to one or two of
the marines, stepped briskly forward to
meet the newcomers. They smiled and
bowed most obsequiously. This salute
had the effect of placing their bodies in
posture exactly fitted to the captain's
purposes. Out shot the neatly polished
foot and the nearest obsequious gentle
man was straightened by the shock
with great suddenness. In the cry
which followed the pain, surprise and
injured pride found voice.
The captain, who had been carried
away momentarily by indignation, then
stepped back and the marines, follow
ing his example, hustled and slyly
booted the .rest of the patriots to the
side.
As they regained their feet the cap- i
tain said, with some feeling, that they i
were persons of the sort which placed
the country in a false position and
sometimes precipitated the sacrifice of
useful lives and money.
Their boat was quickly pulled ashore.
' Some friction has resulted from the i
arrangements regarding the anchorage j
of the Montgomery. The ship's com- I
mander's desire was that when the i
Fern left her buoy near the Vizcaya I
and Oquendo, which berth had been at
the disposal of the United States Gov
ernment, the cruiser Alfonso XII should
be placed at anchor there and the
Montgomery relegated at the Alfonso's
old anchorage, far up the harbor to
ward Regia.
This was not at all in accordance
with the idea of Captain Sigsbee, and
yesterday, when the Fern left her buoy,
he watched carefully the movements of
the Alfonso XII. This cruiser, having
no boilers in her, was towed to the
anchorage that had been occupied 15y
the Fern. Captain Sigsbee politely ex
pressed his opinion to the Admiral of
the Port that the Government had
given that berth to the United States
for the time, and it was therefore nat
urally expected the Montgomery would
occupy it when she arrived to replace
the sunken Maine.
The Alfonso XII had then been towed
to the buoy and the representative of
the admiral explained that the Mont
gomery was to go to a more distant
anchorage. This would group the
Vizcaya, Oquendo and Alfonso about
the gunboat Montgomery, which might
mean nothing or something, accord
ingly as circumstances might arise.
The American captain thereupon said
that this did not meet his understand
ing of the arrangements, but that he i
would report to his superior the manner
in which the cruiser had been dis
posed of.
Then he was told that If arrange
ments were deemed unsuitable the
Montgomery would be given the berth j
vacated by the Fern.
All this conference was marked by I
extreme politeness. The helpless Al
fonso XII was immediately towed back
to her old berth near Regla and the in
cident was closed.
PRESIDENT M'KINLEY
INTENDS TO INTERVENE.
Will Suggest to Congress That the
War in Cuba Should Be
Ended.
NEW YORK, March 10.— The corre
spondent for the World at Washington
says: I can write positively that the
President intends to intervene between
Cuba and Spain. The completed report
of the Court of Inquiry will be sent to
Congress by the President. He expects
to receive it in full next week. In the
message that will accompany the doc
uments the President will suggest to
Congress that action to end the situa
tion in Cuba is advisable.
Ordered to His Regiment.
JEFFERSON CITY, March 9.—Cap
tain George H. Roach of the Seven
teenth United States Infantry, who
has been detailed for several years as
assistant inspector-general of the Na
tional Guard of Missouri, has been or
dered to join his regiment at Colum
bus, Ohio.
GENERAL ROSECRANS
ALIVE AT MiDNIGHT.
Still Unconscious, However, and the
End Is Expected at Any
Moment.
LOS ANGELES, March 9.— General
Roseoranp at 12 o'clock was still uncon
scious. The eifH was expected at any
moment.
H. E. Huntington Returning.
OGDEN, March 9.— H. E. Huntinton
will arrive In Ogden to-morrow en route
THE SAX FHAM CISCO CALL, THLKSDAY, 31Altu±i 11), 1898.
SHOULD STRING
WIRES TO FORTS
Signal Officer Greely's
Appeal to the War
Department.
Island Fortifications Are With
out Means of Commu
nication.
Should There Be an Attack Orders
Would Have to Be Sent by
Messengers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 9.
General Greely, Chief Signal Officer,
has written the following letter to the
Secretary of War, who has forwarded
it to Chairman Cannon of the House
Committee on Appropriations: .
To the Honorable Secretary of A\ ar—
Sir- The estimate of $80,000 for cables to
connect electrically the fortifications in
the harbors of New York. Boston ami
Philadelphia has been omitted from the
sundry bill as reported by the House ° r
Representatives. The chief signal officer
would be derelict in his duty cud he :i"t
rail the attention of the Secretary of War
to the necessity of urging upon the Sen
ate such an appropriation. For several
consecutive years the chief signal officer
has unavailingly recommended the im
portance of this matter, reciting the fact
that some of our most important de
fenses can be reached only by messen
ger
The destruction of the military cables
between AJcatraz and Angel islands and
the main land long since left the fortifi
cations in San 1- ranelseo harbor isolated
and entirely unconnected electrically, and
Fort Warren, in Boston harbor, is also
without reach by telegraph or telephone.
In New York harbor it is true that several
posts can communicate with each other
over circuitous commercial routes but
euch complicated methods, inadequate in
peace even, would inevitably break down
in case of actual hostilities.
These estimates have been recommend
ed both by you and former Secretaries of
"War, and have been repeatedly urged as
military necessities by the commanding
generals of the departments affected, and
have been heartily approved by the com
manding generals of the army.
Never more than to-day have time and
co-operation been more potent elements
either in the industries of peace or the
art of war. In this busy world the most !
acute minds of the country are applying
themselves to the development of speedy
and increased communication, especially
through electrical devices, and the failure
of any country to utilize in this direction
the highest inventive skill must mater
tally lessen its chance of success in war.
In every other country of the world the
entire system of harbor defenses for each
port is connected "electrically, so that not
only is inter-communication and the
transmission of orders constantly main
tained, but the entire control and the
direction of the defense rests under one
master mind.
It must seem hardly credible to either
business men or to experts that Congress,
after authorizing a system of coast de
fenses to cost millions of dollars should
for years refuse to connect the military
forts around the great cities of New York.
Boston and San Francisco either electric
ally or telephonically. In critical emer
gencies, such a.s arise in all defenses,
military operations at these points would,
under existing conditions, be necessarily ;
conducted without concert or unison, thus i
needlessly jeopardizing lives by the thou
sands and property to the value of hun
dreds of millions of dollars.
The present situation is parallel to that
which would exist if our great cities,
after spending tens of thousands of dol-
Uurs in thoroughly establishing a fire de- !
partment should refuse to install there- :
with an electrical system and insist that ,
alarms of fire should be sent either by
messenger or by the nearest commercial
telegraph lines. Very respectfully.
Chief Signal Officer.
ARTILLERY OFFICERS
TO BE PROMOTED.
Addition of Two Regiments a Step
Upward for a Number of
Regulars.
WASHINGTON, March 9.— A large
number of promotions will result from
the organization of the two new artillery
regiments. The following officers have
been ordered to examination to deter
mine their fitness for promotion: Cap
tain James B. Burbank, Third Artill
ery; Captain William F. Veise, Sec
ond Artillery; Captain Frank C. Gru
gan, Second Artillery; Captain George
Mitchell, Second Artillery; Captain Sel
den A. Day, Fifth Artillery; First Lieu
tenant Garland N. Whistler, Fifth Ar
tillery; First Lieutenant John Gifford,
Second Artillery; First Lieutenant Se
bree Smith, Second Artillery; Captain
Samuel M. Mills, Fifth Artillery; Cap
tain John P. Story, Sixth Artillery;
Captain George G. Greenough, Fourth
Artillery; Captain Edmund K. Russell,
First Artillery; First Lieutenants
Henry A. Reed, Second Artillery; Alex
ander B. Dyer, Fourth Artillery; Lev
eret H. Walker, Fourth Artillery; Wil
liam P. Duvault, Fifth Artillery; Henry
M. Andrews, First Artillery; Charles
D. Parkhurst, Fourth Artillery; John
T. Honeycutt, First Artillery; James
L. Wilson, Fourth Artillery; John P.
Wissef, First Artillery; Henry R. Lem
ly, Third Artillery; William B. Homer,
i Fifth Artillery; Albert Todd, First Ar
tillery; Edward T. Brown, Fifth Ar
tillery; Henry H. Ludlow, Third Ar
tillery; Victor H. Bridgman, Second
Artillery; Clarence Deems, Fourth Ar
tillery; John V. Whitt, First Artillery;
Second Lieutenants William J. Snow,
First Artillery, and Thomas B. Lam
oreaux, Fourth Artillery; First lieu
tenants George E. Sage, Fifth Artillery,
! and M. ML Macomb, Fourth Artillery,
! and Second Lieutenant W. C. Davis,
! Fifth Artillery.
HARVARD MEN ENLIST
TO FIGHT THE DONS.
Son of Secretary Alger Recruits a
Regiment of Soldiers at the
University.
BOSTON, March 9.— Harvard is ready
for war. This news is official and ex
clusive. Only a handful of persons,
ea,ch of whom is sworn to secrecy, have
any idea of the defense of the coun
try by the active preparations now go
ing on among the men of Harvard Uni
versity. F. M. Alger, son of Secre
tary Alger, is the man who is in charge
of the arrangements, and he is act
ing with such rare tact and effectual
secrecy that his movements are almost
absolutely covered up, and even the
faculty of the college is absolutely in
the dark as what he intends to do.
The first intimation given to the War
Department concerning the defensive
measures on foot in the university was
a telegraphic dispatch sent yesterday
by young Alger to his father in Wash
ington to the effect that he had re
cruited a whole regiment of students
who were onls* waiting for a chance to
get into the thick of things. This dis
patch, which was read at yesterday's
Cabinet meeting, was the sensation or
the day, and was by all odds the most
reassuring piece of information that
had come into the hands of the admin
istration. Every member of the Cab
inet was delighted, though some of the
Western members seem scarcely to
credit its truth.
To-day I called on young Alger to
get the truth of the matter from his
own lips, and by printing it vindicate
the serious intentions of the members
of the university. It was just at the
close of English, while young Mr. Al
ger was making a bee line between
Harvard six and Leavitt and Pierces
and I intercepted him and told him
that it was no longer possible to keep
the house in the dark as to his move
ments. With considerable reluctance
he admitted that he had sent the tele
gram.
POSSIBLE RESULTS OF
SPAIN'S PROCEDURE
Charles Page Quotes International
Law Bearing on the Present
Crisis.
Charles Page, a recognized authority
on international law, was asked yester
day if a neutral Government would
be permitted to deliver any war
ships built In that country, which
1 might be purchased by the United
! States or Spain, and replied em
phatically that it would, no matter if
the purchase was made after war was
: declared. Not only could such ships be
. turned over to the purchaser, but they
i could be fully armed and equipped by
! the sellers. More than that, a crew
| could be put on board and the ship de
! livered at any port of the purchaser
without violating the neutrality laws,
but in the hitter case, if the vessel were
, overhauled by a ship of the opposing
country, the crew could offer no resist
ance. Were they to do so, it would be
regarded as an act of hostility on the
! part of the nation furnishing the ship.
In support of this Mr. Page cited a
: case that occurred in this country dur
: ing the Franco- Prussian war of 1870-71.
The United Slates had a vast quantity
of rifles on hand and an agent of the
', French Government purchased several
: hundred thousand of them and shipped
them to France. Carl Schurz was a
■ Senator from Missouri at the time, and
' protested against the deal as being un
i friendly to Germany. A special com
j rnittee of the Senate was appointed to
i investigate, and its report, which was
i approved, set forth two points. The
j first was that the United States did
' not know at the time of the sale that
the purchaser was acting for the
i French Government. The second was
: that even had his identity been known,
! the United States still had a perfect
! right to sell the arms, provided she was
; ready and willing to soil arms to Ger
many on equally advantageous terms.
In the case of the Alabama, the I'nit
'ed States demanded Indemnity from
England for furnishing the Confeder
ates with that ship. Mr. Page cited the
[ decision of the Geneva award, which
gave the United States JIn.OOO.WO. but
expressly provided that this country's
; contention that England should have
kept her ports closed to the fitting out
of privateers should not be considered
international law unless the United
States should call a conference of the
' maritime powers and all of them
'■. should agree to such.
President Hayes sent a special mes-
I sage to the Senate calling its attention
to this clause ir; the award, but the
! United States never called for the con
1 ference, and a member of the Senate
said the United States might far bet
i ter give up the $15,000,000 it had re
! celved than that such a point should
become international law.
In reply to a question as to what
comprised contraband of war, Mr. Page
said that anything that might be used
: for the maintenance of an army was
; classed as such. Privateering was
simply a legalized form of piracy. A
; Government issued letters of marque to
private individuals to fit out vessels to
| prey upon the commerce of a nation
j with which it was at war.
PROPOSED BOND ISSUE
BY SAN MATEO COUNTY.
Supervisors Pass an Ordinance Sub
mitting Three Propositions to
Popular Vote.
REDWOOD CITY, March 9.— The Super
visors of San Mateo County have recently
passed an ordinance submitting to popular
vote on April 2 next three propositions for
the issuance of county bonds, namely, (1)
$48,000 to refund the present debt, (2)
$50,000 to build a new courthouse and jail,
(3) $310,000 fur repairing the present county
road and building a road along the line
of the coast from the San Francisco to
the Santa Cruz line. The bonds proposed
are to run forty years and to bear 4V£ per
cent interest. i
The importance of this proposed bond
issue led to a preliminary conference be
tween several of the residents of the
county interested in its ad\ancement and
welfare, the result of whici has been the
naming of a general committee to repre
sent all portions of the county and to
take up the matter in detail in all its
aspects, so that intelligent action may be
had at the coming election. This com
mittee will hold a meeting at the county
courthouse at Redwood City on Saturday,
March 12, at 1 o'clock p.m. The follow
ing gentlemen were selected to serve on
the committee above naned: • _
F. S. Moody, J.C. Roob, F. S. Douty,
Timothy G. Phelps, C. X Spltvalo Louis
J. Frank, Timothy Hopkns. Jacob Kreiss,
R. H. Hatch. Alexander Moore, D.O.
Daggett, George Sneatl, A. H. Payson,
George C. Ross, George H. Rice, John T.
Doyle, Perclval W. Seby. M. F. Duff,
Horace Nelson, John T. Ralston.
♦ -
ROBBED OF MCtoEY AND
JEWELRY B y A CABMAN.
Wife of the United States Embassa-
dor to France Sustains a
Great loss.
Copyrighted, 189 S. by Janes Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, March 9.— Mrs. Horace Porter,
wife of the United States Embassador
here, has lodged a complaint with the
police against a cabman, whom she
charges with stealing her portmanteau,
containing a large sam of mo.ney and
some valuable jewelr/. It appears from
Temps that Mrs. Porter took a cab on
March 4 at Gare de LEst, and upon
reaching her home ir Avenue Kleber she
paid the cabman bit forgot her port
manteau, which she *ft in the cab. The
cabman drove off anl never returned. An
inquiry is on foot at the Prefecture of
Police with the object of finding out
which cabmen were at the station on the
date indicated.
PLEASED WIT 3 THE ROUTE.
Good Outlook for the Projected Line
From Fresno to Monterey.
FRESNO, March 9.-J. W. H. James, a
railroad expert from London, arrived here
to-day. He Is aecompaued by Colonel A.
W. Jones and Major t. P. Dandridge
president and chief engiieer of a. companj
organized to build a railroad from *res
nn tn Monterey Mr. Jtmes is here rep
resenting London cailtalists. He has
traveled from Hollister over the proposed
route by team, and wtl now return to
H "luster and go from, there by team to
Monterey If his report be favorable the
SlfißU who hayS lent him here will
advance the money wth which to build
the road. He expresses himself as well
satisfied with the route as far as he has
been over it.
THE MACHIAS
COMES HOME
One More Gunboat Added
to the Coast Defense
Squadron.
Returns From the Asiatic Sta
tion by Way of the Suez
Canal.
Gunboat Castine Sails for Earbadoes
There to Await Further
Orders.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Rigrgs House,
Washington, March 9.
All naval movements, no matter how
insignificant, are now watched with
unusual interest in view of their pos
sible connection with the plans of the
Government for the national defense
in event of an outbreak of hostilities.
Consequently the arrival of the gun
boat Machias at Norfolk this morning
gave rise to all sorts of speculation. As
a matter of fact, this vessel, which has
just concluded a three years' cruise on
the Asiatic station, was ordered home
about two months ago, long before the
present situation had reached anything
like an acute stage. She made the
voyage in a leisurely manner by way of
the Suez Canal and the Mediterranean
Sea and made an uninterrupted run
from Funchal, Madeira Islands, to
Hampton Roads, consuming about sev
enteen days on the trip. She is said to
be In need of a thorough overhauling,
and undoubtedly will be docked for
that purpose. In case she should be
needed, however, it would not take
very long to put her into condition for
active service. Inasmuch as there is no
apparent necessity for reinforcing the
already formidable fleet in the vicinity
of Key West, it is more than likely that
the Machias will remain where she is
for some time to come.
The gunboat Castine of the South At
lantic station, which recently went to
St. Lucia, in the Windward Islands, to
receive slight repairs, left that port
yesterday for Barbadoes.
The Cincinnati, flagship on the South
Atlantic station, is at the latter port
and it is expected that both vessels will
remain there for the present awaiting
a decision of the department as to
whether they shall return to the South
Atlantic station or come to the United
States for such service as may be re
quired of them in the event of an out
break of hostilities.
Inasmuch as the return to Washing
ton of Mr. Hulz, who acted as one of
the stenographers of the court of in
quiry at Key West, has been made the
basis for the assumption that he
brought to the Secretary of the Navy
a report from the court, and also that
he gave the Secretary what purported
to be the conclusions of the court as to
the cause of the Maine disaster, it may
be stated by authority of the Secretary
that he has not seen nor communicated
with Mr. Hulz since the latter's return,
nor does he expect to do so. So far as
can hP gathered Mr. Hulz left the court
of inquiry because it had no longer
need of his services. There was more
than one stenographer employed by the
court at the time when it was deemed
essential to make haste in taking the
testimony of the survivors of the wreck
in the early stages. When that had
been done it was possible to proceed be
fore the court with less stenographic
assistance, and Mr. Hulz was allowed
to return to Washington.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Bill to Pension General Pile's, Widow
Reported Favorably.
WASHINGTON, March 9.— The House
Committee on Pensions to-day reported
favorably Representative Barlow's bill
pensioning at the rate of $20 a month the
widow of General A* illiam A. Pile of Los
Angeles.
v postofflce was to-day established at
Tesla, Alameda County, Cal. Walter H.
Henry was appointed Postmaster.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— William B. Fyfe
Sr., Stockton, $12; Henry Marsh, Los An-
LTt'lt'S $6
Oregon: Original— Special, February 2fi,
George Chester Thomas, Forest Grove,
$8 Restoration, reissue and increase —
William J. Tabor, Union, $4 to $12.
Washington: Original— Hartford J.
Rowe. Fairhaven, $fi. Reissue— lra E.
Spencer. Lewisville, $S.
The following-named officers of the
Medical Department will be relieved from
duty at the Army Medical School in this
city upon the completion of the course on
April 1, and will take station as herein
after set forth: Lieutenant Henry Page,
Presidio of San Francisco; Lieutenant
George Rauchfuss, Fort Apache, Arizona
Territory.
KID M'COY NOW CLAIMS
TWO CHAMPIONSHIPS.
Says He Will Defend Them and Signs
Articles for a Match
With Ruhlin.
INDIANAPOLIS, March 9.— "Kid" Mc-
Coy, in a signed statement to-day, lays
claim to the middle-weight and heavy
weight championships of the world. He
asserts that his forfeit of $5000 has never
been covered, and that under all laws of
the prize ring he is entitled to both cham
pionships. Personal notice had been
served upon Fitzsimmons of the Kid's in
tentions. Closing his statement McCoy
says:
"Therefore, my challenge being unac
cepted and my forfeit money uncovered,
I claim the middle-weight and heavy
weight championships of the world and
will defend them according to the rules
of the prize ring."
McCoy, under his forfeit with Billy
Madden to-night, signed articles for a
fight with Gus Ruhlin, another claimant
for the championship. The articles call
for a match at catch weights, to be held
within three months before the club offer
ing th<> largest purse or percentage. The
gate receipts are to be divided, 65 per cent
to the winner and 35 per cent to the loser.
The match is to be for the world's cham
pionship.
Sale of California Horses.
NEW YORK, March 9.— The Ke.iogg
horse sale was continued at Madison
square Garden to-day. While some of the
prices obtained were good, the bidding in
general was light. The best prices fonow:
Stock of William Corbett's San Mateo
stock farm of California: Blk. g., by
Sable Wilkes-Flora Grande, H. E. ue
morest, Orunge, N. J., $650; blk. c, 1897,
by Oro Wilkes-Aiary Best (by Guy
Wilkes), J. E. Cochran, Newark farms,
Dela., $1025; Mary Best, 2:12>4 at 4 years,
eh. m., 1890, by Governor Wilkes-Mont
rose (by Sultan), C. H. Smith, Brocton.
Canada, $2950; Oro Wilkes, 2:11, blk. s.,
1890, by Sable Wilkes-Ellen Mayhew (by
Director), James W. Daley. Mount Kisco,
N. V., $4700; b. f., 1896, by Guy Wilkes-
Blanche, J. E. Cochran Jr., Chester, Pa.,
$550; Annie G, Dr m., 1885. hy Le Grande-
Hannah Price (by Arthurton). C. H.
Smith, Brocton, Canada, $2500.
SUPPLIES FOR
THE STARVING
Shipload of Provisions
Arrive at Key
West.
Will Be Transferred to the
Fern and Hurvied to
Cuba.
Arrival of Ammunition for the
Warships Gathered at the
Tortucjas.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KEY WEST, Fla., March 9.— The
British cruiser Cordelia of the North
Atlantic squadron arrived here this
afternoon from Belise, British Hondu
ras. No special significance attaches
to her coming, as her mail has been
awaiting her here for the last three
weeks, and the United States officials
were notified some time ago of her in
tended visit. The Cordelia is about
equal in fighting capacity to the Ral
eigh.
The Mallory liner Nueces arrived here
to-day, with 6206 packages of provi
sions for the starving Cubans, and 820
cases of ammunition. She was moored
to the Government dock, and the work
of discharging her cargo was begun at
once. The ammunition was transferred
to the Marblehead, and will be taken
without delay to the Tortugas for dis
tribution among the warships there.
The dispatch boat Fern is hourly ex
pected from Havana. On her arrival
the provisions will be put on board,
and she will then proceed to Matanzas.
The lowa's sailing has been delayed.
She will not leave for the Tortugas un
til to-morrow morning. According to
the present programme, she will coal
there and then return here. This aft
ernoon the Nashville towed a coal
barge out to the New York. The De
troit remains in the harbor. To-mor
row the torpedo boat Porter will leave
for the Tortugas with mail for the
fleet. She probably will return on Sun
day.
Two more bodies have been recov
ered from the wreck, according to ad
vices from Havana. Any that may be
| found hereafter will be brought to Key
| West on the lighthouse tender Man
grove, instead of the Bache.
The departure yesterday of the Span
ish Consul at Key West, Benor Joaquin
Carsi, gave rise to unfounded ru
mors. For some time it had been
known that he would be recalled and
that the recall was with a view of pro
moting him to a European consulate.
Brigadier-General Wilson, chief of
engineers, United States Army, re
turned to Tampa to-night after inspect
ing the local fortifications.
While the news that the Senate had
passed the $'.0,000,000 bill caused pro
found satisfaction among the naval
and military authorities in Key West
many declare that more was needed for
the purchase of battle-ships, and that
the necessary appropriations should be
made without delay.
The fleet at the Tortugas remained
stationary to-day. Among the recent
rumors was one that Rear Admiral Si
card had been relieved of the command.
This, however, is denied., although Ad
miral Sicard declined to/ discuss the
probabilities of his resignation or the
condition of his health. Well informed
officers say it is only a question of a
short time when he will be relieved of
the severe responsibility now resting
upon him. To-day he looked more ha
rassed than at any other time previous
for a fortnight.
The mails are being held here for the
Cincinnati and Brooklyn, as they are
expected to join the fleet.
A letter has been received by a naval
officer from an officer in Havana, say
ing that the Maine officers now in that
city will leave for Key West Saturday
next. If this information is correct it
may be assumed that the court of in
quiry will leave Havana on or before
that date.
TORPEDO DESTROYERS
SAIL FROM GLASGOW.
Two Craft Which Spain Will at Once
Fit Out for an Emer
gency.
GLASGOW, March 9.— The Spanish
torpedo-boat destroyers Osado and Au
daz left the Clyde bank this afternoon
fully manned and with all their guns
and other armaments on board. They
will embark the ammunition to-mor
row at Greenock and will sail on Sat
urday. At their trials they developed
a speed of thirty knots.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. _____ . '. .v. v '-: 4l
CANVASBOAfr
Are a good thing on the Yukon. Light "to transport; worth four times their
cost at Dawson; cheaper than building. We carry the
King Folding Canvas Boat,
Than which there is none better. Sizes 8 ft., 14 ft., 18 ft. and 20 ft. Latter
size specially built for Klondike. Capacity 4000 pounds. , The . only 1& ?} 1 °
! Steel Frame Boat on the market. Indorsed by. Lieutenant bchwatKa. can
; for prices and particulars. We also sell a Knock Down Wood Boat, 14 it., l/o
pounds. ■ Price $20. •
CIEfJC We are closing out at $150 to $2 less and will save you money.
: JLLVJ Also on
DOfi HARNESS Of which we have the best selectlon and lowest p rices -
' miff V I HMTIILT Outfitting floor is admittedly the best stocked and lowest
U V IV IVLUnJ/IIVE priced and most patronized. • ;
c iyr Time, money and patience coming here for outfits.
«l^^\w» SnaKa &m Ha Bj-j M vmfgghv
Sfi v > ■HJ^B HI H |H Boi 9 \^Em treat
JH SHkSv. ■■■■ wlßfl BK £■ BBt- sal
CASH STORE, , v
fla& >JS^ The vest and Liveliest Store in the City
V^twß nßajrjP^^ ' We guarantee all the goods we sell— they are inonvjr
Back. LIBERALITY our motto. «
25-27 MARKET STREET, S. F.
ALGER TALKS
OF BIG GUNS
How He Will Spend His
Share of the Appro
priation.
The Cannon for Coast Defense
to Be Mounted in Hot
Haste.
No Present Purpose to Call Out th«
Militia Nor to Increase th«
Standing Army.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. March 9.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: At a
conference between the President and
Secretary Alger this morning plans for
the extensions of coast defenses and
the increase of the supply of ammuni
tion and ordnance supplies were con
sidered, and in a general way the ex
penditures of the War Department of
the $50,000,000 emergency appropriation
were mapped out.
Secretary Alger said to me to-night:
"The energies of the War Department
will at first be directed to mounting at
sea coast fortifications the guns on
hand. There are now ready for em
placement more than one hundred
eight, ten and twelve-inch guns, and a
large number of such guns are finished
at the shops ready for testing. These
guns will be mounted on the coast as
fast as emplacements are prepared fo*
them and the laboring force of the en
gineer and ordnance departments will
be largely increased to hasten the
work. At the same time the guns now
being manufactured under contract
will be hurried rapidly to completion
and the resources of companies equip
ped to manufacture high power modern
guns of various types, and especially
rapid-fire guns, will be taxed to their
utmost to increase the supply of ord
nance.
"Orders have been issued by the de
partment to all ordnance and. ammuni
tion manufacturers and companies
capable of manufacturing guns and
ordnance supplies to produce as much
as possible until further notice. The
department has contracted to take off
their hands all that they may be able
to manufacture for many months, prob
ably a year, possibly longer.
"All the resources in the army shops
and arsenals are being exerted to their
fullest extent to produce guns, car
riages, small arms and ammunition.
The enlargement of the capacity of
some of our arsenals is contemplated,
but no definite orders have been issued
as yet in this direction. The depart
ment has not yet purchased any new
rifles, as has been stated, but will be in
a position to- obtain large qualities
whenever necessary."
Secretary Alger denied the report that
orders were issued to-day for the mob
ilization of the national guard.
"Such an order under the circum
stances," he said, "would be indiscreet
and premature, and is altogether un
necessary. It would be an act of war
uncalled for by any of the elements o:A
i the present situation. Whatever may be
I done by the National Guard as on or
i ganization to perfect its efficiency will
be regarded with favor by the depart
ment but the standing army will not
be further increased, nor volunteers
called into service of the United States
until such action shall be necessary to
defend the peace and integrity of the
country."
HEAVY ORDERS FOR
AMMUNITION SUPPLIES.
Captain O'Neil Will Keep Powder
and Projectile Companies Very-
Busy.
NEW YORK, March 9.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Thou
sands of pounds of powder wHI soon be
at the disposal of the Navy Depart
ment. The Duponts and the Califor
nia Powder Works advised the depart
ment to-day that they had commenced
the manufacture of the supplies asked
for by Captain Charles O'Neil, Chief
of the Bureau of Ordnance. Captain
O'Neil was also informed by projectile
firms that they would begin work at
once on orders for 30.000 shells of 4, 5,
6, 8, 10, 12 and 16 inch calibers. I un
derstand Captain O'Neil placed to-day
orders for $470,000 worth of ammunition
with the United States Projectile Com
pany and the Driggs-Schroeder Com
pany. These orders will be rollowed
by an order to-morrow for fifty rapid
fire guns of small caliber.WAR PREPARATIONS STILL GO ON
PRESIDENT
HOPEFUL
OF PEACE
Queen Victoria Also Hopes
That War Will Not
Come.
The Facts Remain That Spain
Must Settle for the Maine's
Loss and Cease Fight=
ing in Cuba.
NEW YORK, March 9.— The
Herald's Washington corres
pondent telegraphs with positive
knowledge that Spain is finan
cially unable to carry on war;
that the powerful influence of
Great Britain is being exerted to
prevent war, and with his hands
fully strengthened to meet war
the President is more hopeful
than ever it will be avoided.
The air in Washington to-day was
surcharged with stories of venous
kinds as to the prospective policies of
the administration in dealing with the
Cuban question, and of all sorts of for
eign complications that would follow.
I am unable to state, however, that the
most important development of the day
was one which tends toward peace
rather than war. Since the Maine dis
aster there have been many evidences
of British official and unofficial sympa
thy with the United States, and in the
light of these the visit of Sir Julian
Pauncefote to the President yesterday
Is of peculiar significance. Diligent In
quiry as to the object of this visit de
velops the fact that Queen Victoria
has, through the British Embassador,
conveyed to President McKinley her
gratification at the -.vise and conserva
tive course which he has thus far pur
sued in relation to the Cuban ' and
Spanish situation. She has also ex
pressed to him her thorough sympathy
with the efforts put forth by the
United States to relieve suffering hu
manity in Cuba, with the hope that
?n<J<=-*vnrp may be conducted to
a. successful conclusion without war.
These expressions were not sent in
official form. They would have been
communicated through Mr. Hay,
United States - Embassador to Great
Britain, but for the fact that he was
absent on a voyage on Tuesday night.
They were, therefore, made directly to
Sir Juian Pauncefote with the requ««rt
that he convey them in person to the
President.
There has been no correspondence
with this country upon the subject, so
that the Queen's sentiments do not ap
pear on record. The desire of the
Queen that war should be avoided was
emphasized for several reasons. It was
pointed out that the commercial rela
tions of Great Britain with the United
States were too extensive to be jeop
ardized by war in this country, and a
Spanish blockade of the port of New
York, for instance, it was pointed out,
would be of irreparable damage to Brit
ish shipping, while the cessation of the
shipment of supplies to England would
be exceedingly serious.
No representation of the attitude of
England in case of hostilities was con
tained in the Queen's message, but the
assumption seemed to be that war
would be avoided.
The reply of the President expressed
his thanks and said that he hoped it
would be possible to avert war. The
public announcement of the real pur
pose of the visit of Sir Julian, as well
as a denial of the fact that it had re
lated to the present crisis, has been
due entirely to the fear that miscon
struction might be given to the inci
dent. It was thought that the appro
val given by the Queen to the Presi
dent's course might displease persons
of ultra-American spirit and might be
regarded as having undue weight in
influencing the President's future ac
tion.
This is the question upon the answer
to which will probably depend the issue
of peace or war. That a demand for in
demnity will undoubtedly be made as
a result of the decision of the court of
inquiry there is now little, if any, ques
ONLY TWO DAYS REMAIN.
THE CALL'S great discount offer of
Scribner's history of the United States
closes Friday, March) lltb- Reroerober,
if you order before date roentioned you
will save nearly 40 per cent fron) the
regular price. F^e massive volumes ;
1600 illustrations ; only $1 on delivery of tbe
full set, .balance in nine ninthly pay-
ments of $2eacb; half roorocco, $1 per
month more.
Call and examine ttys grand book, or
telephone Davis 861 and we will send a
set to you for examination.
Do not fail to examine this work, and
reroerober tbat we cannot sell you a set
at so low a price after March 11th.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
tion. It seems equally certain if not j
accompanied by it will be closely fol
lowed by a further representation to i
Spain in the direction of securing
prompt peace in Cuba.
I am assured, upon the highest au- I
thority, that the President, while not
having any definite intervention policy '
in view, does contemplate an early
move in the direction of securing the
Independence of Cuba. He will adopt
the means which will be the least likely j
to provoke war, but will not shirk the ;
responsibility of acting through any \
fear of war.
If the Maine matter can be settled
promptly and satisfactorily the Presi- i
dent, if existing conditions continue, |
will first propose a settlement of the ■
Cuban question on the purchase basis
—that is. the Cubans to be given their
Independence by agreeing to pay a por- j
tion of the war debt, payment to be
guaranteed by the United States. If
this should fail, then it is believed that
the President would go to the extent
of recognizing the independence of
Cuba, and then allow Spain to say for
herself whether she wanted to make
war on the United States for adopting
such a course.
Every cent of the $50,000,000 appropri
ated for national defense will be ex
pended, whether there is certainty of
war or not. All hands are proceeding
on the theory that nothing is more cer
tain to prevent hostilities than thor
ough preparation. Even though the
Maine disaster and the Cuban question
may both be peacefully settled, the
amount appropriated can be spent with
advantage in preparing the country for
the next emergency.
CONGRESS SOON TO
CONCLUDE ITS LABORS.
President McKinley Will Settle the
Cuban Question in His
Own Way.
NEW YORK, March 9.— A Washing
; ton special to the Herald says: The
| aim now is to get Congress out of the
way as quickly as possible, so that the
Cuban question can be settled during
the summer by the President. Speaker
Reed wants an early adjournment. He
desires to go to Europe in May. As
a matter of fact, Congress could ad
| journ in a week with all the necessary
i work done.
There will be no river and harbor bill.
i The House Committee voted to-day to
j not report the bill. Ten appropria
tion bills have already passed and some
are in the conference committee o% T er
amendments. Only two appropriation
bills remain to be passed— the naval ap
propriation bill and the general de
ficiency bill.
It is argued that with Congress ad
journed another element of danger
would be removed and the President
could be free to act or. the independ
ence of Cuba by proclamation, if that
should at any time become necessary.
BRYAN APPLAUDS THE
ACTION OF CONGRESS.
Says It Gives to the World an Ex
ample of Our National
Unity.
ATLANTA. March 9.— Hon William
J. Bryan spent a few hours in Atlanta
to-day on his way to Macon, where he
spoke to-night. When asked his opin
ion as regards the action of Congress
in placing $50,000,000 at the President's
disposal for the national defense, Mr.
Bryan said:
"I am glad the House acted promptly
and unanimously. In fact, it might
have been better to have made it a
hundred millions to show the world
that Congress and the American peo
ple, without regard to political differ
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUESDAV, MAKCH 10, 1898.
ences, are ready to support the admin
istration in any action necessary for
the protection of the honor and wel
fare of the nation."
"Does this appropriation mean war?
"Not necessarily." replied Mr. Bryan.
"Instead of leading to war, a prompt
outlay at this time may lessen the
probability of war, and in the end
prove a wise economy."
He praised Consul-General Lee, say
ing he had performed his duty with
great ability, courage and discretion
under trying circumstances.
SANTA BARBARA OPENS
HER ANNUAL BENCH SHOW.
Fine Display of Choice Breeds of
Dogs and Poultry and a Bi~
Attendance.
SANTA BARBARA, March 9.— The first
annual display of choice breeds of dogs
and poultry, under the auspices of th.-
Santa Barbara County Poultry and Pet
Stock Association, began to-night and
will continue four days. There was a
large attendance, many of the prominent
Indies and gentlemen of this city and
Montecito being seen among the throng.
The management is in the best of hands.
C. A. Loud, the superintendent, has par
ticipated in many bench shows, hence
has the details well systematized. C.
H. Mower, the secretary, is well quali
fied for the place, and the opening of the
show without hitch is due to him.
There are twenty-seven varieties of
dogs exhibited and they number in all 110.
Santa Barbara shows well to the front in
this class, both in numbers and in merit.
Los Angeles, Ventura and San Francisco
exhibit some fine dogs. The most noted
dogs on exhibition are:
Defender, Dane, owned by C. G. Saxe of San
Franclpoo. and winner of the puppy novice
prize ;-t Sacramento In 896.
Kin* Menelex, St. Bernard, owned by Mrs.
C. O. Saxe of San Francisco, and winner of the
novice and Junior prize at Sacramento In DM
Princess Flora, St. Bernard, owned by L.
Samman of Pasadena, and winner of first prize
at Los Angeleß In 1596 and third open at Los
Angeles In ISM.
Stamboul, English getter, property of J.
Singer of Los Angeles, winner of prizes at
many s=h"\vs.
Nita Gladstone, Enßllsh setter, property of
C. A. Loud of Santa Barbara, winner of
special, any class, San Diego, 1596.
Queen founts, English setter, winner .it San
Francisco in 3897. over EM don.
yueen Vie, cocker spaniel, Santa Barbara
kennel, winner at San Francisco In 1895.
Defender, fox terrier, Sunset kennol, San
Francisco, first puppy prize at Crystal Palace,
London.
\V. B. Godfrey's fox terrier, winner of prizes
at San Jose. 1596; San Francisco, 1897, and
Sacramento, IS9B.
The fowls on exhibition number 250 and
are of the Plymouth Rock, Leghorn,
Minorca, Polish and Bantam varieties.
The pet stock makes a good showing.
The show Is being held in Armory Hall,
a room well adapted for the purpose.
Every indication points to the show be
ing a success, financial and otherwise.
HINDOOS ATTACK
THE CHRISTIANS
Riot in Bombay Over a Raid
by a Plague Search
Party.
Frenzied Natives Fall Upon Europe
ans and Are Shot Down by
the Police.
Special TMsyiatrh to The CaH.
LONDON, March 9.— Special dispatches |
from Bombay report that a riot broke out I
at noon among the low caste Hindoos and
Mohammfdans against the Europeans. It
had its origin in an attack upon a plague
search party. Two soldiers, as these dis
patches were sent, had already been
killed and the police had fired on the mob,
killing six persons and wounding many
others.
Other special dispatches from Bombay
report that the plague inspector and
several men of the Shropshire regiment
were stoned to death.
BOMBAY, March 9.— To-day's riots
arose through a plague party inquiring
| into the cause of the sickness of a Mo
hammedan woman. An enormous crowd
of castemen gathered and stoned and ]
mobbed the party, which retired for an
escort of armed police and then returned
and redemanded the surrender of the pa
tient, which was refused. A Parser- mag
istrate who exhorted the populace not to
resist the police' was himself struck,
whereupon he ordered the police to
charge They did so and four Moham
medans were killed and several were
wounded.
The disturbance spread with alarming
rapidity until the whole quarter around
the Bh'endi Bazaar presented a spectacle
similar to that of the riots of 1893. The
Mohammedans, who were joined by the
Hindoos, assaulted every European or
Eurasian they met and a hysterical mob
attacked European dwellings in the sub
urbs <>f Bycaulla. The residents barri
caded themselves in their houses and fired
blank cartridges from their windows
which drove the rioters off.
In the meantime troops were hurried
to the scene and a battery of artillery is
now patrolling the Bhemll Bazaar. The
outbreak was specially directed against
Christians. It is rumored that two Eu
ropean soldiers were nearly killed, but it
is difficult, owing to the excitement, to
obtain correct details.
WANAMAKER fo RACE
FOR THE GOVERNORSHIP.
Candidate of the Pennsylvania Busi-
Pness Men's Republican
League.
PHILADELPHIA, March 9.— John Wan
amaker will be the candidate of the Busi
ness Men's Republican League for Gov
ernor. He gave out his letter of accept
ance to-night, addressed to the notifica
tion committee appointed at the meeting
of representatives from nearly all the
counties in the State held at the Bourse
in this city on February 7. - r ;
Mr. Wanamaker's delay of over a
month has led many of his friends to be
lieve that he would decline the nomina
tion, lie has been ill for some days, -but
is now much better, and he stated to
night that he would begin active political
work at once. It was intimated that Mr.
"Wanamaker would be his own campaign
manager. ' •
♦
OVERRIDES THE COURT.
Hawaiian Minister of Foreign Af
fairs Befuses Registry to Ships.
HONOLULU, March I.— The Minister
of Foreign Affairs, in spite of the ruling
of the Supreme Court against his conten
tion, has announced that he will decline
to grant Hawaiian registers to foreign
bottoms, as it is contrary to the Govern
ment's policy. This ruling followed on
the application of Colonel George Mc-
Farlane for a registry of a Norwegian
vessel now owned in San Francisco.
Wreckage at Grays Harbor.
The three-masted schooner Beulahcame
into port last night after breaking the
record for the round trip to Grays Har
bor. It is just two weeks ago that she
left this port in ballast for Grays Harbor.
She ran up in about three days before a
gale of wind tnat drove her along right
merrily. The next week was spent in
loading 400.WK) feet of lumber, and then
she made the run down in less than four
days.
The previous record for the rounu trip
was sixteen days, and the Beulah's time
cuts two days from it. Captain Mitcneil,
her master, has been running up and
down the coast for the last sixteen years.
The vessel is sixteen years old and car
•ua a. nr&w of eietit men all told.
DE BERNABE ON
AMERICAN SOIL
Spain's New Minister to
America Arrives at
New York.
He Is Greeted With Acclaim by
His Countrymen of the
Metropolis.
Declines to Talk of the Differences
Between Mndrid and Wash
ington.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 9. — Senor Luis
Polo de Bernabe, #c new Spanish Min
ister, who succeeds Senor Dupuy de
Lome at Washington, was a passenger
on the steamer Kaiser Wilhelm II
which arrived at her pier in Hoboken
at 6 o'clock this evening. He was most
enthusiastically welcomed by the Span
ish Consul-General and several of his
countrymen.
The Kaiser Wilhelm II arrived oft the
bar at 5 o'clock, when a Herald-Call re
porter boarded her from a tug. , Senor
de Bernabe was found writing a letter
in the first cabin saloon. He spoke in
excellent English as he received me.
"I left Madrid on February 26," he
said, "and embarked at Gibraltar on
February 28. We have had pleasant
weather and the voyage has been an
agreeable one. I have made some very
pleasant acquaintances among the
Americans on board. You see lam
somewhat of an American myself; [
spent some time In your country and
acquired the language, though I speak
it imperfectly. lam very glad to get
back again, for I am by no means a
stranger here."
At the mention of the present trou
bled state of affairs Senor de Bernabe
shrugged his shoulders and exclaimed:
"I can say nothing of the present sit
uation. I have not seen the newspa
pers for ten days and I have no knowl
edge of what has taken place in that
time. I have come as Spain's Minis
ter to the United States. I can say
nothing of politics. I have come alon*.
except for two attendants. My wife re
mains in Germany to visit her father,
the Spanish Embassador there. She will
join me later."
As he spoke the new Minister re
garded Forts Hamilton and Wadsworth
and their frowning guns with some in
terest. One of the passengers told me
that Senor de Bernabe had said that
he believed Cuba would be won over to
Spain, by autonomy.
Captain Hogemann of the Kaiser
Wilhelm II gave a dinner to-night in
honor of the Minister, and Ignatius C.
Grubb, Judge of the Supreme Court of
Delaware, presided, ■•welcoming Senor
de J*.ci nabe to this errantry. Senor -de
lit'rrabe replied in a few words, but
avoided any reference to Cuba or Span
ish-Ainerie.an affairs.
honor de Bernabe's reception at the
pier in Hoboken was an enthusiastic
one. From the Spanish legation at
"Washington Senor Pablo Soler. first
secretary of the embassy, and Senor La.
Cora, military attache, had com* 1 to
receive their new chief. With them
were Consul-General Arturo Baldasano,
his son, Vice-Consul Fabregas, Presi
dent Castillo of tHe New York Spanish
Society, and many other Spaniards.
As soon as the Minister was recognized
he was greeted with great waving of
hats from the Spaniards on the pier.
He responded by bowing, and was
greeted. with cheers. As soon as the
gangway was let down to the pier
Penor de Bernabe appeared with one
"' the first cabin ladies on his arm and
walked slowly down. At the bottom
heWas seized by Consul-General Balda
sano and the two men threw their
arris about e"aeh others necks. Senor
de Bernabe was embraced by each man
in turn and again by Consul-General
Balrisano after he had gone all round.
Except for the Spaniards who sur-
I rounded him, however, Senor de Ber-
I nabe Was treated rather unceremoni
j ously.? A policeman told him to "move
on" w\ile he stood near the gangway
and several times the dock employes
swept Mm to the side. Senor de Ber
i nabe a\d Consul-General Baldasano
| got into a carriage and were driven to
I the Walcbrf-Astoria.
Consul-general Baldasano said that
Senor de bernabe would leave here for
1 Washingtm early in the morning, and
i would present his credentials to Presi
dent McKiiley.
On board the Kaiser Wilhelm II with
Senor de Jernabe was Franklin C.
Bevan, Un£pd States Consul to Al-
Spain who has just resigned his
office for fanily reasons; In speaking
of the situalon in Spain Mr. Bevan
said: !
"Among th« s sensible people of Spain,
the well info-med and middle classes,
there exists ipthing but the kindliest
feelings towojd America and Ameri
cans They (fplore the idea of a war.
They feel no jnmity toward this coun
try The Spanish hotel-keepers are de
ploring the- act that Americans no
longer patronie them. The general !
sentiment. a . I have found it, is
friendly towad the United States. '
SUDDEN DIATH OF A
KERN COUNTY PIONEER.
Joseph E. Smth Succumbs to Cancer
of the Somach at Bakers
. . . I field.
BAKERSFIEVP, March 9.— Joseph E.
Smith, one of he most prominent pio
neers of this coihty. suddenly expired in
his room at the Arlington Hotel in. this
city about 10 ojlock last evening. He
had' been in bachcnlth for a year past
and came to to-\ii last Sunday from his
Weed Patch rant to be nearer his phy
i sician for more itentive treatment. He
i was on the streets all day to within a
i few hours 1 of hi? demise, meeting and
talking to his f rinds as usual. He re
tired: shortly aft* 9 o'clock and re-
I quested a friend mo was present to re
! main with him uitil his nurse returned.
When the friend went to the bed to
straighten his heat; which was resting in
an awkward' tositCm, Mr. Smith turned
on his back am diJB within a minute. "••>/
His ailment Vas rtincer of the stomach.
His funeral wtl tale place Friday after
noon '-■ Decease whs a few months over
i 60 -years of ags He came to this county
' in 1870 and fomeveral years conducted a
' blacksmith shot Some years ago he gave
ud his busine? and ; moved on - a large
tract of I land ft the Weed Patch, a rich
i locality- near r Ills place, .r and -on this
: ranch he first dfnonstrated in this county
'■ the success of imping water for irrigat
ing purposes. A pVesent his ranch is one
i of the most deshble in this county. Si Mr.
Smith came -• td. California in 1859 from
Illinois. .-r>v . ;- •«-••-' : ;" ..*':":
Results t New Orleans.
NEW ORLEA^I, March 9.— Robert Bon
[ ner . Globe II <*l Kingstone were the
winning favorites to-day. Weather fine;
track fast. Results:
First race, six furlongs, selling. Taka
nassee won. Meddler second, Sim v
third. Time. 1:14*4
Second race, two-year-olds, five fur
longs, selling, Sulphuric won. Dolly Re
gent second. Dr. Sam third. Time. 1:03.
Third race, mile and twenty yards, sell
ing, Robert Bonner won, Nannie L's Sis
ter second, Little Bramble third. Time,
1:44.
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs.
Globe II won. I'dali second. Bertha Nell
third. Time, 1:22^.
Fifth race, one mile and an eighth. sell-
Ing, Klngstone won, Jim Conway second.
Dumaine third. Time. 1:57%.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, X C won.
Lillian E second. Hums third. Time, I:2S.
ENGLISHMEN INVADE
BRAZILIAN TERRITORY.
Their Purpose Said to Be to Instigate
a Revolt Against the
Government.
BUENOS AYRES. March 9.— The Her
ald's correspondent In Rio de Janeiro,
Brazil, informs me that newspapers from
Amazonas, Just received In Rio Janeiro,
give details of an Invasion of Brazilian
territory on Rio Branco River by Eng
lishmen from British Guiana, whose pur
pose it is to instigate a revolution. The
Brazilian Government will demand satis
faction.
NO APPROPRIATION FOR
RIVERS AND HARBORS.
Action of the House Committee a
Great Disappointment to Our
Representatives.
WASHINGTON, March 9.— The House
Committee on Rivers and Harbors to
day, by a vote of 8 to 7, decided not to
report a river and harbor appropriation
bill at this session. This is a great dis
appointment to Representatives Loud,
Maguire and De Vrles, who hoped to se
cure appropriations for the removal of
Arch and Shag rocks In San Francisco
harbor and the improvement of the San
Joaquin and Sacramento rivers.
BURGLARS AT WOODLAND.
Weider's Cigar Store Looted of Goods
and Money.
WOODLAND. March 9.— George Wei
der's cigar store and factory was burg
larized some time Tuesday night. The
thieves effected an entrance by taking a
pane of glass from the rear door. Once
inside it was ar. easy matter to conduct
operations without much chance of de
tection. A big wooden shutter shuts out
all view from the front. The thieves car
ried away a big lot of cigars and tobacco,
some pipes, a lot of clotning and a small
amount of money, about $14. found in the
drawer and the nickel-in-the-slot ma
chine. The officers have not yet obtained
any clew. •
POWER SUPPLIED
AT LONG RANGE
The Fresno Electric System Is
Continued Into Kings
County.
Waters of a Mountain Stream Util
ized to Operate tho Industries
of Han ford.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, March 9.— The city of Han
ford will this week have the proud dis
tinction of being the terminus of the long
est electric transmission power system in
the world. Power Js derived from the
north fork of the San Joaquin River and
delivered in Fresno, a distance of thirty
six miles from the generating station, and
utilized there for light and power pur
poses; This system has now been ex
tended to Hanford. a distance of thirty
three miles, and there will he utilized for
light and various power purposes under
a pressure of 19.600 volts.
This electric installation is the longest
line and the highest voltage in the world
to-day. With the improved machinery
in vogue the use of such a high voltage
has been made perfectly practicable. In
the transmission of this power such a
long distance (sixty-nine miles) the the
oretical loss is phenomenally low. being
only from 10 to IS per cent, which also
includes water-wheel loss at the generat
ing station. Under the improved methods
of adjustment of the machinery at the
station the power is as well secured to
the city of Hanford as it is to Fresno,
notwithstanding the fact that Fresno is
thirty-three miles nearer the source of
power.
This is an absolutely new point of elec
trical science, which has only been made
possible within the last two years. A par
tial trip over the system demonstrated
the fact that th<» work of construction
from start to finish ha.s been executed in
a thorough manner, and it can be said
that nowhere else in the world can the
system be surpassed.
THEATRICALS AT FOLSOM.
"Rip Van Winkle" Helps to Liqui
date a Church Debt.
FOLSOM, March 9.— "Rip Van Winkle"
\v;i.^ presented here to-night, and in the
cast of characters were the familiar
names of William Calder, Frederick San
ford and Mrs. and Miss Calder, besides
several young folks residing In Folsom.
The round after round of applause which
greeted Mr. Calder must have reminded
him of a similar event which took place
twenty-live years ago In the city of
Portland, Me., when the original produc
tion of "Kip Van Winkle" was given
with Mr. Calder in the part which has
since given him fame and fortune on both
sides of the Atlantic. While the name of
Joseph Jefferson is inseparably linked
with the grand old play, the Rip Van
Winkle of Mr. Calder is deserving of a
niche by the side of Jefferson, where no
laurels "will be taken from either brow.
but will remain to bear equal testimony
to renown well earned.
Since Mr. Calder's retirement from the
stage he has taken up his home among
the groves and orchards of Orange Vale,
a settlement in the northern portion of
Sacramento County, along the banks of
the historic American River. Within this
settlement there is a little church, and.
as is usually the case, this little church
has a debt to pay. But for that benevo
lent purpose the people of Folsom may
never have received the treat they had
to-night. The hnll where the perform
ance took place was by no means large
enough to comfortably seat the audience,
which found in its number people for
forty miles around.
Tlie complete cast was as follows: Rip
Van Winkle. William Calder; Derrick.
Frederick Sanford; Hoindrick. H. L. Lut
trell- Nick Vedder. T. B. Hagarty; Phan
tom Dwarf. D. McDonald; Seth. F. T.
Tavlor; Cokles. W. A. Hyman; Gretehen,
Mrs William Calder: Mennie. Miss Dora
Calder: Heindrick, Ethel Brahe; Mennie,
Mrs William Calder and her daughter.
Miss Dora, were exceptionally clever In
their portrayal of their respective parts;
and in fact the entire cast acquitted It
self in the very best manner. There was
a large attendance from Sacramento.
VENTUBA ENTERPRISE.
Town Trustees Working for a Muni
cipal Electric Plant.
VENTURA, March 9.— The Board of
Town Trustees to-night adopted a resolu
tion in favor of submitting to the voters
of Ventura at an early day a proposition
to bond the town for an electric light
plant. It is the board's purpose to call
an election as soon as bids can be adver
tised for and received and estimates of
the cost of the plant made. The trustees
favor the erection of a plant to cost
about $20,000. and»it is altogether likely
that the proposition will win by an over
whelming majority in the election.
INCREASING
THE ASIATIC
SQUADRON
America Making Ready
to Seize the Philips
pine Islands.
Battle=Ship Oregon Ordered to
Sail at Once From San
Francisco to Chinese
Waters.
NEW YORK, March 9.— A
Washington special to the Her
ald says: Having in view the
wresting from Spain of the Phil
ippine Islands in the event of
hostilities, the naval authorities
are considering the proposition
to greatly strengthen the Asiat
ic squadron. This proposition
contemplates adding the battle
ship Oregon to Commodore Dew
ey's effective fighting force. The
Oregon arrived at San Francis
co to-day from Bremerton,
Wash., where she will be
docked and her bilge keels af
fixed, and she will take on board
a large supply of coal and mu
nitions of war.
She will be ready within a week, and
from present indications she will be di
rected to proceed to Hongkong, via
Honolulu. There has been some talk of
brtnging the battleship around to the
Atlantic Coast, and of assigning her to
Rear Admiral Sicard's force, but the
vessel would take at least two months
to make the voyage, besides the run
ning danger of not being able to coal at
South American ports in case war
should be declared.
The advantages which would result
In adding the Oregon to the Asiatic
station are considered so great by the
naval authorities that the vessel will
probably be sent to Hongkong to Join
the cruiser Baltimore, which will leave
Honolulu on March 15 for China. The
cruisers Olympia, Raleigh and Boston
and the gunboats Concord and Petrel
are at Hongkong.
This determination of the authorities
to increase the Asiatic squadron by the
! addition of the Oregon is not based
1 upon information that the Spanish
Government has sent any vessel to re
i enforce its squadron in Philippine wa
! ters. So far as the authorities are ad
! vised, Spain is represented In the East
by only six ships, all of small tonnage.
They are the cruisers Isla de Cuba, Isla
de Luzon, Don Antonio Ulloa
and Don Juan de Austria, each
ef 1130 tons' displacement, and
I the Velasco of 1152 tons. The
Oregon would be needed, however, for
her heavy guns to reduce the fortifica
| tions of Manila and other ports and
j for the large number of men she car
ries, who could be used for landing a
party.
Recognizing that the detachment of
the Oregon from the Pacific station
will considerably weaken the force pro
tecting the Pacific Slope, Secretary
j Long has issued orders to have the
cruiser Philadelphia placed in commis
sion within forty days. The depart
ment directed that the Philadelphia be
repaired, so as to be available for one
year's sea service. Working night and
day, this will take forty days.
To obviate the necessity of making a
large shipment of guns to San Fran
cisco for the cruiser, the department
has given instructions that the six 6
inch breech-loading guns now on board
the Yorktown be transferred to the
Philadelphia. Six additional 6-inch
guns will be sent from the founirry to
San Francisco for the Charleston and
Yorktown. The Ycrrktown will not be
ready for service under three months,
but the Charleston will be ready in
three weeks, the men working three
shifts a day. For the protection of the
Pacific Coast the United States will
then have on the Pacific Slope the mon
itors Monadnock and Monterey, the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
»»!«« 82 82 ?8 82 28 82 82 83 82 82 82 88
I PAIN IN YOUR BACK! I
*; . _*-->». Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt will cure 25
iSS*'"^^ pains in the back in ten days. If it SS
•° /y^ , m hurts you to straighten up from a 55
*° U *7*^\l stooping position the back muscles are SS
•8 I'^At weak. There may be some .' kidney . «
SS ■•vk'V'p*/ trouble also. Dr. Sanden has perfected -«
SS ■•'■■■, -^W ■'•W his Belt so as to send a glowing warmth c#
88 J-^N^J?^**^ into the weak nerves and muscles. It „
S3 /^t^" K^kSV **^. gives relief in a few hours and a per- ~
S3 /-! *-\\» lr*N^il\ manent cure is certain. •*
I Lame Back i
I f^. i f Means Weakness! i
88 f mafi X, -^L It indicates a weakness of other parts 55
88 i^ml i^\ which need help. These symptoms are c.
o« <Xjs <4fi9n( 1/ I described in Dr. Sanden's book, which c .
S?-' ' n^^^Wi r '■ II I is free - upon application. , The bonk *°
"° :^^ || « wl tells all about your trouble and gives 88
88 . <^^^- II J \ the names of hundreds cured. Get it
A \ atonce. SS
88 /V I SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., 88
88 II M IV '■--■■ \ 632 Market street, opposite Palace Hotel. S. F. o»;
C* \v\^^^^.ll' /J Xv V* ■ NOTE— no mistake in the number— 632 *°
>^^^^4 'II fi I Market street. c . • , 88
88 \SS^§§>3 ■'■*!>? 1\ 1 Office hours— Ba.m.to 8 p. m.: Sundays, 10 „
ITI \^^§^i • Ts^.' V ■ ' " ft to 1 Branches at Los Angeles. Cal.. 204 South *5
•8 \J^^^^=K i/^^B It Broadway: 'Portland. 0r.. v.; 253 Washington o«
2* >O<S§^ssfe3l /i^C 1 I' street; Denver, Colo.. Sixteenth street; Dal- -~-
'I^S 5 " " las Tex.. 285 Main street. "' 88
' 8888888888818 88 8 8 Bs"s 88 8.8 8,8 88 88 88 88 88 88 88
cruisers Charleston and Philadelphia,
the gunboats Bennington and Marietta
and the corvette Alert.
It is appreciated by the authorities
that Spain will be unable to send a
force of vessels against the cities of the
Pacific Slope or to even send an errand
cruiser, as great difficulty would be ex
perienced in obtaining coal, which 19
contraband of war, and which South
American countries would be allowed tQ
sell to vessels only in order to get to
their nearest home ports.
TWO BURGLARS
IN THE TOILS
Oscar Ridon Had a Cheap Way
of Doing Business in the
Shoe Line.
Frank Kiley Successfully Played.
Being Drunk, but Was After
ward Arrested.
Oscar Kidon was booked at the City
Prison early yesterday morning by
Policeman Higaiower on a charge of
burglary.
Heynemann's shoestore on Pine and
Fii.more street was entered by a burglar
last Thursday night and about $30 worth
of shoes was stolen. Ridon had been
noticed going around the neighborhood
offering shoes for sale, and Hightower on
examining his room found some of the
empty boxes which had contained the
shoes and which Heynemann identified.
Entrance had been effected to t»«e store
by cutting a ho>e in the panel of the door
near the look large enough to permit a
man s hand to pass through and turn the
key.
Another burglar booked yesterday was
Frank Kiley, who is accused of breaking
into the cornice works of O. B. Dreusiek,
140 Eighth street, on March 7, and steal
ing a lot of tools. He also broke open the
receiver of the telephone box and stole
several nickels. That night Policeman F.
W. Esola, while going along Eighth
street, between Mission and Market,
noticed a man crouching between two
buildings. He went up to him and the
man threw something away. The man,
who was Kiley. acted as if he were
drunk, and Esola sent him to the City
Prison, where a charge of "drunk" w r as
booked against him, and next morning he
was discharged.
It was not till the next day that Esola,
on making an investigation, found that
the cornice works had been" broken into,
and on going to the place where he ar
rested Kiley he found a file, four nickels
and a slug, the two latter having been
stolen from the telephone receiver. Yes
terday Esola swore to a warrant for
Kiley's arrest on a charge of burglary,
and soon had him in custody.
WARNING TO TOUGHS.
Thomas Dolan Gets Six Months and
Peter Gallagher Thirty Days
for Insulting Ladies.
Thomas Dolan and Peter Gallagher, who
were convicted by Judge Campbell Mon
day of using vulgar language to Mrs. E.
L. White and Mrs. Florence Higgins in
Golden Gate Park last Thursday after
noon, appeared for sentence yesterday
morning.
The Judge, after delivering a scathing?
rebuke to Dolan, sentenced him to six
months in the County Jail and expressed
his regret that he was unable to make it
six years.
The Judge, addressing the crowded
courtroom, said: "Now I want all you
fellows to take warning by these two
men. If you hear any scoundrel insulting
a lady on the streets or in the park I
want you to knock him down and if you
are brought before me I will see that you
are not punished. There has been too
much of that sort of conduct and in every
case of the kind that is brought before
me I will inflict the severest penalty."
34
RETURNING
KLONDIKERS
FIND GOLD
Good Luck of Men
Ice-Bound on the
Yukon.
jprospect Along Neighbor
ing Creeks and Are
Knriched.
Bonanza Strikes on a Stream
Not Far From the Big
Salmon.
DAWSON'S SCURVY PLAGUE
Scores of Miners in the Town and
Vicinity Alflicted With the
IMse«se.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, March 9.— The steamship
Humboldt arrived in port this morn
ing from Skaguay. On board were
eleven men just out from Dawson.
They had over $40,000 In sold dust and
about $100,000 In drafts. The return
ing Klondikers were: A. Bartlett, Cal
ifornia; W. G. Savage, Saginaw, Mich.;
William Pardue, Alaska; H. E. Peters,
Dawson; Chris Solid, Colfax, Wis.;
William H. Kiernan. Green Bay., Wis.;
K. J. McCormack, Portland, Oregon; P.
y. BCason, Knoxville, Term.; J. S.
Pierce, Spokane; L. E. Brad, W. H.
Savage, Saginaw, Mich.
These men came out in two parties,
the last having left Dawson on Febru
ary 7. They bring news of the discov
ery of rich placer grounds on Walsh
C^eek, a short distance down the Yu
kon from the big Salmon River. Pros
pective Klondikers who were caught in
the ice at the mouth of this river and
were compelled to winter there made
the strike. In speaking of the rich
find on Walsh Creek, William H. Kier
nan said to The Call correspondent this
evening:
"We reached the quarters of the Ca
nadian police at the mouth of Big Sal
mon River on February 21. We found
every one much excited over the newly
discovered placer fields on a creek a
few miles down the Yukon from the
mouth of the Big Salmon. It had been
named Walsh Creek after Major Walsh
of the Canadian police. A number of
prospective Klondikers who had start
ed down the Yukon very late In the
season were caught in the ice near the
Big Salmon. They were compelled to go
into winter quarters and put in the time
that hung so heavily on their hands
prospecting the streams in the neigh
borhood. Nothing of value was found
until the new creek was tried. The first
dirt panned ran 35 cents to the pan
and from that up to 75 cents. They
have got nowhere near the pay streak
yet, and the prospects are glowing.
Seventy-five cents a pan for almost
surface dirt is wonderful if the placer
ground Is of any extent. Thirty-two
men had located claims up to the time
we reached the headquarters of the
Canadian police. These claims are
the regulation 100 feet, and all seem
to show up well. The creek runs back
from the Yukon about twenty miles."
Chris Solid of Colfax, Wis., gives the
following statement of the scurvy epi
demic in the Klondike country. It is
considered a conservative one by the
other members of the party:
"When we left Dawson there were
between thirty and forty cases of
scurvy in the Catholic hospital
there. How many men are sick
with the terrible disease in their
own cabins at Dawson and up
on the creeks is hard to say. The num«
bf>r is large, however, and some of the
men are very sick. They cannot well
be moved from their cabins In the out
lying creeks to the hospital. All of the
bad cases near Dawson have been
taken to the'hospltal, however. A num
ber are sick there, but they are not yet
bad enough to go to the hospital. The
Catholic authorities take any one,
whether he has money or not, and are
doing noble work. I do not know per
sonally of any deaths so far from
scurvy.
"There is absolutely no need of any
one at Dawson getting the scurvy. I
could live there a lifetime and never
be troubled with It. After a few years
in the kiterior country men get care
less as to the variety and preparation
of their food. This causes the whole
trouble. Some of the old Yukoners
have been living on little else this win
ter than bacon, beans and bread. They
cook them in a hurry and In very un
cleqn fashion. They don't seem to care
for a variety of food. They could get
it If they wanted it. The old Yukoners
are the chief sufferers. A very few of
the new comers are sick. They are too
full of life and work hard, while the
old timers lie around their cabins and
do no more work than enough to keep
them In bacon and beans."
In speaking of the food question Mr.
Solid said:
"To illustrate the change in the pro
vision situation at Dawson I will tell
you my experiences. I expected to stay
In the country all winter and stocked
up weli with supplies. Some I pur
chased last fall and when I sold my
supply just before coming out I lost
heavily. I bought three sacks of flour
in the fall for $300. Just before leaving
I sold two sacks for $90, and had hari
work to find a buyer. I sold a case of
desiccated potatoes for $30 — just what I
paid for it after the boat arrived m the
summer. Canned goods, for which I
paid $1 50 a can, went begging at HI.
At the stores you can get butter, milk,
etc., in small quantities at regular sum
mer prices."
The returning Klondikeis report that
the trip up the river was a hard one,
and all of the parties had difficulty in
getting past Thirty Mile Creek. Sev
eral of the members were slightly
frozen.
Another story of a fabulous- find
Is brought down by L. E. Brant. He
reports that shortly before his party
left Dawaon a considerable exodus had
set in to Rosebud Creek. This location
Is about fifty miles above Dawson and
four miles from Sixty-Mile Creek. The
story that first caused the excitement
early in January was to the effect that
a party of men prospecting the Upper
Yukon found gold from the start on
Rosebud Creek. They took out dirt
that ran from $4 to $10 a pan. The
news soon spread, and already a num
ber of claims have been staked and
cabins built on Rosebud.
Irrigation for Sugar Beets.
SAT,TNAS, March 9.— The Spreckels
Sugar Company will irrigate their Rings
City and Soleoad ranches by merino of
three centrifugal pumps. In this v.ny
they will make arable 3000 acres in the
King ranch ami 400 in the Soberajies
ranch. The whole amount will be planted
in sugar beets.
Asthma, bronchitis, catarrh, cure euarntd. Dr.
Gordla'«SaclUulum.al4F!Q*,nr.Kearny.S.F.,Cal.
RUSSIA GIVES
CHINA BUT FEW
DAYS OF GRACE
Czar's Demands as to Port Ar
thur and Talien Wan Sub
mitted as an Ulti
roatuny
LONDON, March 9.— The Peking correspondent of the Times, de
spite Chinese denial that the Russian demands as to Port Arthur and
Talien Wan were in the nature of an ultimatum, maintained the cor
rectness of his original dispatch of Sunday last to the effect that Rus
sia had called upon China to surrender all sovereign rights upon Port
Arthur and Talien Wan for the same period and on the same condi
tions as in the case of Germany at Kiaochau, giving her five days for
a reply and insisting upon the signing of an agreement within a
month. He now adds:
'•Although the period of the ultimatum has expired M. Favloff,
the Russian Charge d 1d 1 Affaires at Peking, explains that he has not
taken action because China has instructed her Minister at St. Peters
burg to seek an audience with Emperor Nicholas with a view of ob
taining a withdrawal of the Russian demands.
HONGKONG, March 9.— The Russian warships Sissoiveliky and
Navarln, both belonging to the Black Sea fleet, have arrived here. The
political situation in the far East is causing uneasiness among the
population of this port.
CAPTURE OF
A MURDERER
Georgia Fugitive Found
on a Contra Costa
Farm.
Surrenders Without Resistance
and Admits He Is the
Man Wanted.
Now Behind the Ears at Modesto
Awaiting the Arrival of an
Officer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARTINEZ. CaL, March 9.— A mur
derer who has been wanted in Canton,
Cherokee County, Ga., is now behind
the bars, and the $300 reward will ga to
Deputy Sheriff Jones, to whom credit is
due for making the Important capture.
The prisoner's name Is Joseph Hamil
ton Wayne, alias Jo Hamilton. Last
August he was working on the road in
Georgia, and got Into » quarrel with
the road overseer, resulting in Wayne
killing the foreman with a shovel.
Immediately after the crime was
committed Wayne skipped. Cards
were sent out to Sheriffs all over the
United States, but without any result.
Finally Sheriff Purvis of Stanislaus
County learned that Wayne had a
brother living in that vicinity. A few
months ago Wayne's brother left Stan
islaus County, moving to Contra Costa,
and rented what was once the Salva
tion Army's refuge for criminals, "The
Golden Gate Farm." Purvis notified
Sheriff A'eale to be on the lookout, as
he expected that the murderer would
probably show up> at his brother's soon.
Sheriff Veale and Deputy Sheriff
Jones visited the vicinity of the Golden
Gate Farm, but nothing was seen erf
the much-wanted man. Yesterday
morning, however. Deputy Sheriff Jones
went to the Wayne place, and as he
was driving through the r&cch came
across the criminal. He askid him the
road to a certain house, and from the
description sent out immediately rec
ognized the fellow. Returning to town.
Sheriff Purvis was notified and came
to- Martinez on the evening train from
Modesto. Accompanied by several offi
cers, all went to the Wayne house in
the evening, and when the occupants
were aroused Sheriff Purvis said to
Wayne's brother: "I want Jo; I know
he is here."
"Yes," answered the brother; "and
he will go with you without any trou
ble."
In a few moments Jo rushed down
stairs with a Bible in his hand. "Here
I am; you can take me," said the mur
derer. "I killed the fellow, but it wa«
unintentional. It was done in the heat
of passion. I will stand trial."
This morning Sheriff Purvis took
Wayne to Modesto, where he will be
held awaiting the arrival of the officer
from Georgia, who has been notified.
FIESTA OF BUDS
AND BLOSSOMS
Grand Carnival Projected by-
Santa Clara County's
Orehardists.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 9.— A proposition
to hold a carnival of buds and blos
soms in the city and county while the
orchards are In bloom is being con
sidered by the business men and or
chardists, and a meeting will be held
at the Board of Trade rooms to-mor
row night to make arrangements for
the event. In a couple of weeks 40,000
acres of orchard will be in full bloom,
and the sea of blossoms that will fill
Santa Clara Valley will be a sight
worth coming miles to see. No other
place on earth could present such mag
nificent scenes.
It is proposed to inaugurate an an
nual carnival. It will be extensively
advertised, and special excursion trains
will be run from San Francisco, Oak
land and other bay towns. A great
many Eastern people are now on the
coast, and it is expected thousands of
visitors will be attracted to this city
any county. The carnival will be ex
tended over a couple of days. On the
arrival of the excursion train the visi
tors will be taken in carriages and
driven through the orchard districts.
Amid the beauty and fragrance of the
orchards at stated points lunches and
barbecues will be held, and nothing
will be left undone to please the guests.
The business men of this city are
taking a great interest in the carnival,
and the meeting to-morrow night
promises to be well attended. Com
mittees will be appointed and the work
of preparing for holding one of the
greatest shows on earth will be rushed
along.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TIIUKSDAY, MAKCH 10, 13^8.
TRAGIC END OF
RAY GARFIELD
Fatal Termination of His
Hunting Mishap at
Napa.
The Stanford Student Climbing
a Fence When His Gun
Was Discharged.
Bleeding and Speechless He Crawls
to the Home of His Parents
to Die.
Special Plepatch to The Call.
NAPA, March 9.— Ray Garfleld, the
young Stanford student who accident
ally shot himself yesterday afternoon
while hunting, died this morning. The
deceased was the only son of Z. W.
Garfield, a wealthy and prominent
rancher residing about three miles
from here, an ex-Supervisor of Xapa
County.
Ray was a senior student of Stan
ford University, and when the accident
occurred he was at home on a short
vacation and a rest from excessive
work in the lecture-room.
The father of the young man was a
RAY GARFIELD of Stanford.
talesman summoned as a Juror in the
Clark murder case, and he was In the
courtroom being- questioned as to his
qualification to act as a Juror in the
case when the accident occurred.
Ray Garfield was alone when he re
ceived the mortal injury- About an
hour afterward he was seen staggering
toward his father's house with blood
streaming from - gaping wound in his
neck and the left side of his face.
Friends assisted him to the house and
summoned medical attendance. The
injured man could not speak, but he
wrote an account of the accident while
waiting for the arrival of a surgeon.
He wrote that he was climbing over a
fence when the gun discharged, the
load of shot striking him under the
chin and emerging near the left ear.
The young man gradually sank, and
death came to end his sufferings early
this morning.
THREE JURORS
STILL NEEDED
Trial of Fratricide Clark at
Napa Will Probably Begin
Monday.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, March 9.— Nine Jurors have
| been secured to decide the question of
life or death for George R. Clark, the
confessed murderer of hiR brother Wil
liam A. Clark, at St. Helena last Janu
ary. Four were secured to-day and five
were sworn in yesterday. After the
! ninth man was accepted by both the
! prosecution and the defense only a few
I of the venire of 120 summoned to ap
j pear at the beginning of the trial were
left, and none of them qualified as un
biased jurors. The venire was ex
hausted with three vacant chairs in th^
| jury box. Another venire was required,
I and when it was shown that the Sheriff
of the county was a material witness
for the prosecution and not a proper
person to summon the required tales
men J. W. Wright was appointed elisor
and he was instructed to have the ve
i nire in court on Saturday morning.
It is thought that the jury will be
I completed on that day and on Monday
) witnesses for the trial will be put on
j the stand. The nine jurors so far
chosen are W. A. Leonard. C. P. Bales.
I. G. Herron, George Hamlin, M. C.
Alexander and John Head of Napa,
Joseph Gyte of Ycunta-ille, T. F. Veal
of Calistoga and D. F. Hampton of
Howell Mountain.
ADVICE TO
THE NATIVES
OF HAWAII
Urged to Unite in
Support of the
Republic.
Should Forsake the Idea
of Restoring the
Monarchy.
T. H. Davies Appeals to Them
to Register and Vote Against
the Annexationists.
WOES OF THE MINISTRY.
Gradual Widening of the Breach
Between L.e(ffc>lature and
Cabinet.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, March I.— The Legis
lature now in session is proving itself
a very refractory and inquisitive body.
The bitterness against the personnel
of the ministry, so openly exhibited by
both branches of the Legislature, pro
ceeds from their own partisans. It is
the gradual disintegration of the An
nexation party itself, and the formation
of an opposition party within its own
ranks, which, as the evening organ of
the rabid annexationists firmly and
clearly pointed out, will eventually lead,
unless annexation is accomplished dur
ing the present session of Congress, to
the destruction of the Annexation
party— which it admits is rapidly di
minishing—the strengthening of the
Royalists and restoration of the mon
archy with the chance of civil strife.
In the event of non-annexation at
once the hope of the "family compact,"
as It is here named, and the radical
wing of the annexationists is that local
disturbances will be created by their
faction in the ranks of the military,
who fear an economical reduction of the
armed mainstay of the Government, ne
cessitating an appeal to the ever ready
and willing American Minister to fol
low in the footsteps of his deceased
predecessor, Minister J. L. Stevens, and
to hoist the American Hag over the
Government buildings, where it is as
sumed it will thenceforth permanently
remain.
The situation is further complicated
by Senator Cecil Brown having reintro
duced the famous opium licensing bill,
the signing of which was one of the
principal indictments against Queen
Liliuokalani and one of the excuses for
overturning the throne. He not onlj r
introduced it, but tarried it to first
reading and reference to a committee.
Another political firebrand has been
thrown into the situation by a mani
festo from Theodore 11. Davies, who Is
on the eve of returning to England. It
is addressed especially to the Hawaiian
people and advises them to give up all
hopes of the«rcstnration of the mon
archy and to unite in an effort to main
tain the independence of the country
under republican institutions.
This is exactly what the annexation
ists fear tht-y will do, for with a vote
of from twelve to fourteen thousand at
the next election the political factors
of the Asiatic loving planters and the
"family compact" will be snowed under
Into political oblivion, for one presiden
tial term of six years at least.
Mr. Davies' address is as follows:
To the Hawaiian People— My Dear
Friends: Fur forty years the Hawalians
have been my friends, and I have always
striven to deserve their confidence. It is
for this reason that I feel It to ba my
duty to-day to say a few words on your
political situation.
Five years ago a cruel blow fell up<n
Hawaii. Many persons were, blamed fjr
what occurred, but no one ever accused
the Hawaiian people themselves of hav
ing caused their disaster. I want to tell
you, Hawalians, that I believe everyone
admires the noble, patient way in wlich
you have borne the distress of the past
years. You have shown that you can
be trusted as a nation, and that the true
patriotism that makes heroes is in your
hearts. It is not my intention to sa> any
thing as to the origin of these troubles;
I will only state what appears to me to
be the present, position, and then I will
say a few words about the cours* which
I think it would be prudent and possible
to pursue. .
Two things happened in January, IRm:
1. The Queen was dethroned.
2. The United States was asked to an
nex Hawaii, and so to put an eid to your
national Independence.
The dethronement of the Quein brought
sorrow to very many of your loarts; but
when the republic was recoguzed by all
foreign Governments, it beeafle the only
Government of Hawaii, just .'» & republic
is now the only Government ->f France.
But there was something which was
more important to you even than chang
ing from a monarchy to a republic, and '
that was the proposal to change your own
flag for a foreign flag. 
If the United States shall accept the
offer which has been made o that nation
then the Hawaiian flag »H1 be taken
away and the American fla? will take its
place, and you will have to accept the
situation. Hut if the United States shall
refuse the offer then you will have to
consider what is the wise tHng for you to
do. If I can help you to tilnk I shall be
very glad to be of use to ycu.
In the first place, the Kawahans and
the foreigners must be friends and work
together. Do not think t<o much about
what has happened, but let us all do the
best for the future. Man) of you would
like to get the monarchybaek ; but you
cannot do so because most of the foreign
ers would oppose you, aid neither the
United States nor any otier Government
can take any steps to restore the mon
archy, because, as I s»id, they have
recognized the republic. 3ut if we Work
faithfully together I belie'e that you can
keep your independence and keep your
Hawaiian flag and be a lappy aJid pros
perous nation.
There are many forefcners who will
still want annexation btf I think there
are more who do not want annexation,
but most of these do noi want the mon
archy again. Now. if ths Hawaiians are
willing to accept the republic, on con
dition that the foreigners will give up an
nexation and that all si&H have votes
and be friends, I bel^a that we could
stop all the quarrels end have peace
again, and that Queen llliuokalanl would
come back and live a happy, dignified
life, as Princess Kaiulad Is doing, among
her own people.. I tell r ou plainly that if
you cannot consent *t» this plan I am
very much afraid you will lose your in
dependence in a short time, if not now.
I am very sorry to X>se the monarchy,
because it was the hls*>rical Government
of the country- although tfere were many
faults under the mon»rchy, and it sadly
needed reforming. But it Is now too late
to reform, and you must recognize the
fact that the monarchy has been over
turned. Therefore I cort» to you like a
doctor who says: "I c*i perhaps save
your life if you will let'ne cut off your
arm." So I say: "You fin perhaps save
your independence If yoOwill give up the
monarchy."
And If you feel that tie words I have
spoken are not the wtfrls you like to
hear, I ask you to belief that they come
from one who values ypir friendship and
would not speak one wfcd or do one deed
to wrong you.
May God Save Hawal!
Your faithful friendJ
THK>. H. DAVIES.
Craiffßlde, Honolulu, 'niarch 1< 18W. J
I
PRESIDENT DOLE WILL
DEMAND AN EXPLANATION
During His Absence Acting President
Cooper is Said to Have Pigeonholed
His "Message,"
It is credibly reported from Honolulu that Acting President Cooper
is awaiting President Dole's arrival with considerable apprehension.
Mr. Cooper is afraid that Mr. Dole may question at least one of his acts.
The story as it is told to a special correspondent of The Call deais
with a "message" written by Dole to be presented to Congress after nis
departure, but which Mr. Cooper incontinently pigeon-holed. It seems
that President Dole in his original "message" included a recommenda
tion that generous provision should be made for Princess Kaiulam.
giving as his reason that she had done nothing which should cut her
off from the support that she was hitherto receiving from the old Gov
ernment, and upon this point, it appears, President Dole was particu
larly emphatic. Now, Mr. Cooper has radical ideas, and this recom
mendation did not appeal to his notions at all. So after consultation
with some of his more radical followers, it is asserted that they con
cluded to pigeon-hole the Dole message altogether.
This transaction of substituting one message for another is a seri
ous one. Cooper's message to the Legislature is said to differ widely in
policy from that prepared by Dole in other besides particular points.
President Dole is likely to be much angered at the opposition of the
Ministry to his views as expressed in his written but undelivered mes
sage, and an exchange of sharp words is anticipated.
This is the reason Acting President Cooper is awaiting the arrival
of President Dole with considerable apprehension.
ANNEXATION
A DEAD ISSUE
Action on Bacon's Amend
ment to the Treaty-
Goes Over.
Not Likely to Be Pressed to a
Vote During the Present
Session.
Senator Davis Expresses a Willing
ness to Yield to the Popular
Desire.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 9.
Acting In accorance with the instruc
tions of the Committee on Foreign Re
lations, Senator Davis to-day moved
an executive session of the Senate for
the purpose of taking up the Hawaiian
annexation treaty. After some nomi
nations had been considered he moved
that the treaty be taken up, and that
the Senate should proceed to the con
sideration of the amendment offered by
Senator Bacon, providing for the sub
mission of the treaty to a vote of the
elcctors^of Hawaii. This amendment
was as follo-ws:
That this act shall not be operative and
of binding effect upon either the United
States or the Republic of Hawaii until
the same shall have been consented to
and approved by the majority of the
voters voting at an election to be held
in the Hawaiian Islands, at which election
all male natives of said islands of the age
of 21 years and all naturalized: male per
sons of the said islands of the age of 21
years shall be duly qualified voters. The
said election shall be held at a time and
m the manner and under regulations to
be prescribed by the President of the
United States.
Senator Bacon objected to immediate
consideration of his amendment, saying
he had received no notice of the inten
tion of the committee to ask to have
it taken up at this time, and that he de
sired some opportunity to prepare him
self for the presentation of the reasons
fur submitting the treaty to a popular
vote of the Hawaiian people. He pro
ceeded to say in a general way that he
thought the Hawaiians should be con
sulted In a matter which concerned
them so- deeply, as did the complete
change of their government, and to
show that they were opposed to annex
ation he referred to a petition protest
ing against annexation which had been
signed by 30,000 natives of the islands,
and which, he said, had been presented
to the Senate by Senator Hoar. He
referred to the Massachusetts Sena
tor's attitude in reference to- the treaty,
and said that it must have changed
since his presentation of this petition.
This remark brought Senator Hoar
to his feet with a declaration that there
was nothing inconsistent between the
presentation of the petition and his
support of the treaty.
Senator Bacon then asked for addi
tional time, and also put the question
to Senator Davis, whether it was the
Intention of the Committee on Foreign
Relations to press the treaty to a vote.
To this inquiry Mr. Davis replied that
he was not prepared to say what course
the committee would pursue with re
gard to a vote on the treaty beyond
the fact that it did not want to de-~
prive Senators who might wish to speak
of an opportunity to do so. He said
that while he was willing to submit to
what appeared to be the popular de
sire that the Senate should adjourn
after the passage of the $50,000,000 de
fense bill he would again to-morrow. If
opportunity offered, move an executive
session of the Senate for the purpose
of going on with the treaty, and that
he would pursue these tactics from day
to day.
The Senate then adjourned until to
morrow.
MANY IMPROVEMENTS TO
THE HAWAIIAN HOTEL
Famous Honolulu Hostelry Prepared
to Accommodate Throngs
of Tourists.
HONOLULU, March I.— The Maefar
lanes have obtained a long lease of the
Penhallow property, adjoining the Ha
waiian Hotel, and with the numerous Im
provements now being carried out expect
to accommodate a very large number of
visitors this season. All the other hotels
are almost equally energetic in preparing
to receive a groat Influx of tourists and
transient travelers. Residences are spring-
Ing up like mushrooms and Asiatic me
chanics are coining money, while most
of the steady white artisans are also
employed.
Sugar Magnates at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, March 9.— Mitchell Har
rison, son of the Philadelphia sugar king,
and party arrived to-day in their Pullman
palace car Campania, which is side
tracked at the Union Depot. They have
been driving around Santa Cruz and
vicinity and leave to-morrow.
The ; fac-glmile ST& '■'//&£* -c **' i 8i 8 on eve wrapper
«Vjiat»r- of . VA&J*/ZV'U&&£ of CASTOBIA.
PLEADING FOR
THE PARRICIDE
Self-Defense Claimed by
Thomas Flannelly's
Counsel.
John Kerr Charged With
Perjury and Mercenary
Motives.
Closing Argument to Be Made To-
Day When the Case Will Go
to the Jury.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 9.— District Attor
ney Walker of San Mateo County
opened the argument in the Flannelly
murder case this morning. His ad
dress was short, and only occupied
about an hour. He called attention to
Constable Barton's testimony in regard
to the gunshot wounds inflicted on Pat
rick Flannelly, and said that the flight
of the defendant after the crime proved
that the killing was not justifiable.
Attorney Straus for the defense fol
lowed. He opened his statement by
saying: "We do not come here plead
ing for mercy or leniency. We have a
firm basis, that of justification. Since
we know we are right we demand a
verdict at your hands. We do not in
tend to try to prove that the man was
crazy. No. His act was one of a sane
man. It was self-defense. I care
not who he is, or what he may be,
there is no man who will not defend
his life r»ith the life of another."
He then took up the testimony of
John Kerr. He said this man had
given false testimony and in trying to
send Flannelly to prison or the gallows
it was with the hope tnat he might en-
Joy the wealth of his father-in-law,
Patrick Flannelly. Mrs. Flannelly was
aged and Kerr was trying to get pos
session of the estate for his wife. Straus
said the witness deliberately perjured
himself when he stated that he did not
know Flannelly senior had a revolver
and then subsequently admitted that
he had given Rim a pistol. He finished
with this witness by saying he wished
him no harm, but only hoped that
whatever fortune he may receive from
the Flannelly estate may not be tinged
too much with the knowledge of his
guilt.
Attorney Straus then said that Mrs.
Jane Flannelly, a sister c-f the defend
ant, had spoken the truth when she
said Patrick Flannelly always had a
pistol under his pillow, and he took
District Attorney Herrington to task
for compelling the sister to testify
against her brother.
Mrs. Catherine Flannelly's testimony
was touched upon lightly. Counsel said
Kerr had prejudiced her mind, and that
he did not believe Mrs. Flannelly knew
what she said when she gave her testi
mony. The attorney went over the tes
timony of Witnesses Doyle and Bar
ton, and derided the idea that Flannel
ly premeditated murder when he sad
dled up his horse to go and see his fa
ther on the night of the killing. He
ridiculed the testimony given by Simon
Winner that the defendant had ever
said he would "do his father up."
Attorney Straus had not finished
speaking when court adjourned. He
will occupy two hours to-morrow, and
will be followed by District Attorney
Herrington, who closes for the prosecu
tion. It is probable the case will go to
the jury to-morrow night.
CAROLUS DURAN IS
COMING TO AMERICA.
The Celebrated Artist Intends to
Spend Several Months in This
Country.
Copyrighted, IS9S. by James Gordon Bennett
PARIS, March 9.— Carolus Duran. who
is going to America, was interviewed by
the Herald correspondent. He said:
"I sail next Saturday from Havre by
the Navarre, which has taken the place
of the Champagne. This is the only
journey of such magnitude that I have
ever undertaken and It will be my first
visit to America.
"My plans? I expect to be away
not more than two months at the outside.
After my visit to New York I go to Wash
ington, where I have a number of acquaint
ances expecting me. Then I proceed to
Boston and wind up with Chicago. That
is as far west as I intend to go."
"Are you taking any pictures with you
maitre?
"No. Why should I? Americans know
my work well enough." he replied, with
a smile of satisfaction. "Scores of them
sat to me, and one. of my latest portraits
was, you probably remember, that of Miss
Consuelo Vanderbilt, the present Duchess
of Marlborough.
"But," as in after thought, "I am tak
ing out a good supply of canvases. For
the present you will readily understand
I do not care to enter into any details re
garding the work I am going to do in
America."
Dr. yon Biecke Dead.
STUTTGART, Wurtemburg. March 9.—
Dr. yon Riecke, Minister of Finance, is
dead.
FIRE BREAKS
OUT ON THE
WHITELAW
I
Big Steamship Badly
Damaged Off
Skaguay.
Frantic Passengers Car
ried Ashore by the
Tug Mascotte.
The Burning Vessel Finally
Beached and Pumped Full
of Water.
SERIES OF ADVENTURES.
This Blaze but One of Several on th«
Craft Since She Left San
Francisco.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, March 9.— The steamship
Humboldt. which arrived in port this
morning from Lynn Canal ports, brings
the story of a serious fire on the
steamer Whitelaw on the morning of
March 4. The fire was discovered
shortly after the Whitelaw dropped
anchor a half mile out in the stream
from the Skaguay wharf. She had just
completed a long and eventful trip
from San Francisco, and, as the
wharves were full, had to anchor in
the stream.
The first the officers of the Humboldt
knew of the trouble on the Whitelaw
was when she began to blow signals of
distress. Shortly afterward smoke was
seen issuing from the forward hatch
way. The passengers were rushing
about her decks wild with fear. They
tried to lower the ships boats while
the crew was fighting the fire. In the
excitement one of the passengers fell
overboard. He was rescued after con
siderable trouble.
The tug Mascotte started out and
brought ashore some sixty of the pas
sengers. The captain of the tugboat
said that they were crazy to leave the
ship. They told him that a large quan
tity of dynamite was in her hold near
the fire and liable to explode at any
moment. A lighter was run alongside
and quickly loaded with freight.
In the meantime the smoke and
flames increased and the crew could not
get them under control. Captain Dol
lard decided to beach the ship and
pump her full of water. He headed
her for shore and backed the stern into
the mud. The Whitelaw's big wrecking
pumps were then turned into the hold
and pumping was continued all morn-
ing.
As the Humboldt left the harbor the
fire was under control. The tide had
left the steamship high on the beattt
and she had listed heavily on her side.
The officers of the Humboldt do not be
lieve that the Whitelaw is injured to
any great extent. They say that the
outfits of the sixty passengers were
probably destroyed with the general
merchandise cargo. Seventeen horses
tied in the hold were burned. The fire
is supposed to have originated in one
of the coal bunkers or from spontane
ous combustion among the oil bags full
of outfits. The Whitelaw will be able
to pump her hold out with the pumps
used, when the steamship operated as a
wrecker.
The tug Sea Lion arrived in Seattle
late this evening from Skaguay. Her
officers report that when the tug went
out of the harbor last Friday evening
the fire in the Whitelaw was out and
the crew had a portion of the ship's
car.go cut on the bearh.
NOW.
IN SETTING OUT TO MAKE YOUR
fortune if you see things with a clear
eye you will admit that jou waste no
time over anything. You take quite a
good deal of care though that you do not
get misled. Is the journey of life less im-
portant than your chase after fortune?
No money on earth will repay you for a
system utterly depleted. Is yours getting
depleted? The truth is "Yes." You
know that when you read this. Why not
take a little care in getting your system
rebuilt. The grand "HUDYAN" treat-
ment for weakening manhood is open for
your most exacting queries. Do not be
fooled— ask about it, and ask about it
NOW. ■
There Is absolutely no charge for show-
ing you what others have said about it.
They express themselves, too, in familiar
language. Something you can easily
understand. When a man says that he
is "better than he has been in twenty
years" you know what he means. When
he says "the drains have stopped" you
understand that. It might add a few
years to your life if you were to look into
this matter more and more closely. If
you will call at the great Institute you
can Bee some thousands of. grateful
letters. Are you conceited enough to im-
agine that your case is the worst of all?
It is not. It is curable. Cure it
NOW.
There are many people who find hair
getting loose— sometimes realiy falling
out. Others have small eruptions over
the body. I? these things occur blood
taint is shown. "Thirty-Day Blood
Cure" stops it all.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS BTS.
Ban Francisco. Qul,BROUGHT IN BY
A SOUTHWESTER
Biggest Fleet of the Year
Passes Through the
Golden Gate.
Full Particulars of the Found
ering of the British Ship
Alacame.
Narrow Escape From Destruction by
Firo of the Australian Steamer
Monowai.
A biff fleet of vessels made port yes
terday. Counting those that passed
Point Reyes bound for San Francisco
with those that passed through the
Golden Gate over half a hundred crafts
reported at the Merchants' Ex
change. Among them were twenty-five
• r thirty coasting vessels that have
been making long voyages, five ships,
live barks and nine steamers. They
came from all parts of the world; the
steamer Moana from Australia, New
Zealand, Samoa and Hawaii; the Zeal
andia from Hawaii, the Curacoa from
:;iore, the battle-ship Oregon from
Fugret Sound, the ship Manydown from
Newcastle, England, and several col
:rom British Columbia, Almost
• coast port was represented and
5 rig from the line of battle-ship
to a fishing-boat could have been seen
at once in the entrance to the bay.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany's new steamer Curacoa made a
long passage from Baltimore of sixty
seven days. It was the fault of the
boilers. The second day out one of the
furnaces gave out, and one of the boil
ers was thus rendered useless. The
vessel was compelled to come along at
greatly reduced speed. The voyage was
an uneventful one.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
Moana got in a day ahead of time.
According to the new schedule she was
due yesterday, but as she left Sydney
before it went into effect no one looked
for the steamer until to-day. Captain
Carey received instructions at Auck
land, N. Z., however, to hurry his ship,
and consequently got her in yesterday
morning.
Whether she will go on the Mexican
run, replacing the Orizaba, or be
placed in the Klondike trade has not
yet been decided. If ehe goes to Mcx
; o i he Orizaba will be put on the
southern route and the new steamer
Senator will go into the Klondike
trade. The latter has been built for
the Mexican trade, however, and may
still go into it and in that event the
Curacoa will be fitted out for Klon
dike travel.
During the voyage from San Fran
cisco to Sydney the crew of the Moana
gave an exhibition drill, from which
the men on the ferry boats here could
take an example. When the steamer
was between Apia and Auckland the
of "man overboard" was raised.
Alfred Robinson, one of the sailors,
while setting the staysail was knock
< 1 into the water. THe vessel was at
• pped and a boat lowered. Rob
inson, who was a splendid swimmer.
Kept himself alloat without any diffi
culty until he was picked up by the
boat. From the time he fell overt>oard
until he was back on the steamer's deck
was exactly fifteen minutes, which,
. onsidering the speed at which th«
a loana was going at the time, was a
w onderful performance.
The Moana brought up about eighty
miners from Australia. After outfit
ting here they will proceed to the gold
lields. Many of them have not the
slightest idea of the hardships they
will have to endure or of the difficul
ties to be surmounted before the Klon
dike is reached. All have the fever and
they know no danger, except the dan
! • r of not getting what they are going
to Dawson City to seek. When the
steamer left Sydney a hurricane was
raging, and several vessels had drag
ged tii-ir anchors and several houses
were damaged. The brig Amy, which
coaled the Moana before she started for
Ban Francisco, was lost at sea. After
ring her cargo of coal to the
steamer she sailed for Newcastle, but
when sixty miles from Sydney harbor
she went down with all hands.
The steamer Monowai which ran for
a long time on the trip which the Mo
ana now takes had a narrow escape
while on her way from Melbourne to
Now Zealand. The cargo in the for
v.;>.rd hold caught fire and thirteen feet
•jf water had to be pumped into it be
fore the danger was past. The bulk
heads kept the fire from spreading and
olso retained the water poured into the
compartment so that the cargo in that
particular hold was the only portion
damaged. The captain and the first of
ficer were presented with a testimonial
and a purse of sovereigns by the pas
sengers as a token of their appreciation
of the manner in which they had
handled the ship during that trying
time.
The particulars of the loss of the
PASSED THROUGH THE GOLDEN GATE TOGETHER.
r-ie s'e.m r Curacoa from Baltimore, the steamer Ztalandia from Honolulu, the ship Manydown from Newcastle, Eng., the steamer M^a from Australia
New Z-aland l Samoa and hS, the iine-of- battle ship Oregon and several other craft came into port yesterday morning. At one tune duru^the day vessels oi
evrry conceivable rig were to be seen in the opening between the Fort and Lime Point
British ship Atacama arrived by the
Moana. The vessel left Newcastle, N.
S. W., for San Diego soon after the
New Year and foundered January 29th
last. She sprang aleak and after work
ing the pumps for three days the crew
decided to abandon her. Great diffi
culty was found in launching the boats,
owing to the heavy sea that was run
ning, and owing to the short time at
the men's disposal the boats were very
poorly provisioned.
Stormy weather came on and the
boats got separated. Captain Spruitt's
boat got capsized and the five occu
pants were thrown into the water.
Four got back on her keel, but the
fifth, a little lad named Allen, on his
first trip, was drowned. He had been
injured and was lying in the bottom of
the boat wrapped in a blanket and an
oilskin. After the capsize he never
came to the surface again. Most of
the provisions and all the water in the
boat were lost and for forty-eight hours
the unfortunate men had not a drop
to drink until picked up by the tug Lev
eret.
The survivors were Captain Spruitt,
Boatswain Figuaro. Seaman Pinto and
Steward Skinner. They were all delir
ious when rescued, and the life of the
steward was despaired of. The boat
swain behaved with great gallantry,
and had it not been for him the captain
would have been drowned. Several
times the latter was washed off the
keel of the boat, and each time Figuaro
went after him and brought him back
again. Finally the boat was righted
and all four men got into it.
There are hopes that the Atacama's
missing boats may be picked up by
vessels bound to New Zealand. Search
steamers were sent out from Newcastle
the day the Monowai sailed and it was
hoped that they might get some trace
of the missing twelve men.
A remarkable statement verified by
other members of the family was made
by Captain Spruitt's daughter the day
the Monowai sailed. She dreamed that
she saw her father's vessel sink, de
scribed the men taking to the boats,
told of them getting separated in the
storm and when the boat in which her
father was capsized she awoke with a
scream. The time of her dream cor
responded with the actual sinking of
the Atacama.
The Moana brought up a very val
uable cargo, among which was sixty
boxes of specie, valued at $1,600,000.
This represents the cash balance of
trade between Australia and the United
States, and brings the total which has
come here by the last half a dozen
steamers up to over $15,000,000.
The steamer Zealandia, which arrived
from Honolulu early yesterday morn
ing, had a very rough passage. On the
sth inst. she ran into a strong westerly
gale, accompanied by a very heavy
sea. The waves constantly broke
aboard, and one of the dead lights was
smashed in and part of a railing was
carried away. On the 7th inst. the
weather moderated, and from that time
until port was reached it was very
foggy. "
The barkentine Archer, which arrived
in Honolulu from San Francisco on
February 26, reported having passed a
large vessel bottom up in latitude 21
north, longitude 154 west. Captain
Rodgers of the interisland steamer
Maul reports that on his way down
from San Francisco, when off the coast
of Molokai. he passed a huge tree trunk
with two big prongs sticking up. Cap
tain Dowdell of the Zealandia thinks
that the tree trunk sighted by the cap
tain of the Maui and the large vessel
bottom up sighted by the captain of the
barkentine Archer are one and the same
I thing. ' ;
DOGS OF HIGH DEGREE.
Greyhounds That Will Surprise the
Hares at Union Coursing Park
on Saturday.
The Interstate Coursing Club, J. F.
Haltnn president, anticipates having a
great day's sport on Saturday at the
Union Courting Park, as a number of
hares selected from a shipment which
was received a few days ago will be lib
erated from the racing paddock on Sat
urday and Sunday,
Mr. Bull, the judge, is very desirous
that the courses shall be of sufficient
length to satisfy the owners of the dogs
and the spectators that a fair trial will
prove beyond question the superiority of
' the contesting greyhounds. With this
object in view the managers of the park
| are selecting from the stock of hares on
hand the strongest of the short-tail fly
ers; therefore it is expected that the
courses of Saturday and Sunday will be
of especial interest to .eashmen who de
light to witness long and well contested
courses.
There were fifty-eight dogs entered last
evening for the all-aged stake which will
be run on Saturday and Sunday, and the
draw last evening resulted «as follows:
Van Hummel's Chitchat vs. E. V. Sullivan'»
I Lily B, K. L. Lee's Carolie vs. O. V. MendTi
hall's Blucher. Pasha Kennel's Metallic vs.
Curtis & Sons' Rosette, E. V. Sullivan's Little
Brown Jug vs. Pa;;ha Kennel's Santa Alicia,
Simmons & Donahue's Monotony vs. Al Aus
tin's Douglas, Curtis & Sons' Commodore vs.
Henchman & Tobin's Gannon Pasha, Simmons
& Donahue's Moore's Prescription vs. Kerri
gan's St. Lawrtm c. K. L. Lee's Crow Dog vs.
D. Hooper's Cooiawn, E. V. Sullivan's Sports
man vs. Simmons & Donahue's Amorita. T.
P. Courtney's Turk vs. E. V. Sullivan's Mercy
May, J. Kerrigan's Arapahoe vs. D. Ford's
Bonita, Curtis & Sons' Chartist vs. P. Gor
man's 'Kingston, E. V. Sullivan's Electric vs.
M Murphy's Tod Sloan, li. E. de Lopez's
I Grass Valley Maid vs. P. Brophy'S Benuia
I Boy, M. Tlernan's Tom Hays vs. K. B. Kay's
I Diana. William Murphy's Gold King vs. Curtis
I & Sons' Cavalier. T. Butler's Su<=i<- vs. Hart-1
Bros.' Blackstone, K. E. de Lopez's Carmen
I vs S. E. Portal's Gallagher, J. Spjjgerson's
i White Chief vs. R. B. Kay's Sylvia, J. Sulll
van's Kilkenny Girl vs. Scott & Glasson's
Tyrona. T. E. Lovelady's Meta vs. Pasha Ken
nel's Firm Friend, George Whitney's Theron
I vs. F. C. Mack's Black Patti, Simmons &
Donahue's Mountain Beauty vu. EL Duane's
Defender. Scott & Glaason'e Magic vs. Gibson
' & Taters' Molly Bawn. Simmons & Donahue's
f Rusty Gold vs. Portals' Lightning, F. O. Gini
i vers' Lady Grace vs. Scott & Glasson's Joy
j Bells, D. Woods' Silkwood vs. De Lopez's
THE SAJS ITKAJN CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 10, 1898.
THE TOUGHEST DANCE IN THE CITY
A Stranger Passes an Evening With "Fattg" Blodes at the
Howard Street Skating Rink Cotillon.
THE stranger from the interior
was standing in front of his hotel
smoking his after-dinner cigar,
when he was approached by his
old friend, "Fatty" Blodes, who,
leaning up against one of the pillars of
the doorway, stuck his hands In the
waistband of his trousers and said:
"Say, if yer want ter see de toughest
dance in town, float along with me dis
evenin" an' I'll take yer to der Howard
street skating rink, where all de chips
is turned out."
The stranger, wishing to see the
sights of this municipality to the limit,
accepted the hospitable invitation so
sincerely delivered, and, stuffing a
large-sized gun in his hip pocket, and
taking a heavy walking stick in his
hand, started off with his three-hun
dred-pound guide leading the way.
Their path led them through a quart
er of the city seldom visited by the
curious tourists or the sensation-hunt
ing, blase scion of the wealthy class.
It took them down along Third street
past cheap groggeries and gaudy res
taurants, second-class boot and shoe
stores, squalid and dirty lodging
horses, the haunts of freaks and dope
fiends, and flnalb- landed them in front
of the wide entrance of a rather pre
tentious-looking hall on Howard street,
which was once known as Morosco's,
and brought back to the stranger
visions and half-forgotten memories of
a somewhat rapid youth.
On each side of the entrance was a
huge white poster, which informed the
passer-by that upstairs was Lybck's
Cycle Skating Rink, where those ad
dicted to that pastime could be grati
fied at any hour of the afternoon or
evening until 10 o'clock, when the
amusement would be diversified by
dancing until the witchin" hour of
midnight. It further acquainted him
with the fact that all of these delights
could be indulged in for the modest sum
of 25 cents, and that a lady was wait
ing just inside the door to take his
money and oblige him with a ticket.
Waratah. R. B. Kay's Eclipse vs. A. John
son's I.iFsak.
The prizes are: First. $225: second,
$120- two at $50 each. $100; three at $25
each, $75; seven at $12 GO each. $87 50;
fourteen at $2 50 each, $35; total $642 50.
APPRECIATES ITS ACTION.
The President Thanks the Union
League Club for Its Expres
sions.
.At a recent meeting of the Union
League Club resolutions of regret at the
loss of the Maine and confidence in the
ability of the administration to carry the
country safely through the threatened
troubles were passed and telegraphed on
to Washington. In reply the following
telegram was received by Hon. Tirey L.
Ford, president of the club:
EXECUTIVE MANSION,
WASHINGTON. Fen. 23. 1898.
My Dear Fir: Writing at the request of the
President I beg; leave to acknowledge the re
ceipt of your telegram of the 26th instant, em
bodying a copy of the resolutions of the Union
League Club of San Francisco.
The President wishes me to assure you, and
through you the members of the club, of his
hearty appreciation of th? generous words
of confidence contained in this resolution. With
respect, believe me. very truly yours,
JOHN AUJJIstJIN run A iitJtv,
Secretary to the President.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
The picture conjured up by the poster
proved so alluring that the stranger
could not resist its enchantment, so go
ing up to the ticket window he said
to the rather wearied bit of feminity
that looked out at him:
"Is this the place to purchase
tickets?"
"Sure," replied the Jaded bit.
"Whatcher suppose I'm here for?"
The stranger did not attempt to re
ply to the question, but, retiring within
himself, produced half a dollar and,
catching the two tickets that were
thrown at him, went inside with his
friend "Fatty."
Passing the door he found himself
in an immense hall, once the floor of
the old Morosco theater, with a stage
at one end and a gallery running along
either side with seats upon it and chairs
and tables under it on the main floor.
On the stage a brass band of six
pieces discoursed popular tunes of the
"New Bully" variety; on the floor near
ly three hundred men, women and chil
dren raced around on skates, and un
der the galleries young men and girls
drank, smoked, shot craps, made love
and fought, only pausing long enough
to drain small tumblers of whisky or
long schooners of "steam" that a hard
looking waiter, with an ingrowing face,
brought to them from the sloppy bar
at the front of the hall.
As the stranger took a seat with his
guide at one side of the hall and looked
at the throng on the floor and around
the tables there were three things that
impressed themselves upon him. First
the unmistakable toughness of the
crowd as a whole, secondly the unmis
takable evidences of viciousness and
dissipation on the faces of the women,
which contrasted oddly with the com
parative honesty of the countenances
of their escorts, and thirdly the ex
treme youth of some of the girls, many
of whom were mere children, who could
not possibly have been over 12 or 13
years of age.
"Fatty" seemed to be well known to
every one in the hall, and, as the skat
era would roll by. he would be greeted
with "How's de fat?" "Hello, foice!"
"Where's yer loidy?" "Ain't yer goin'
ter spiel?" "Who's de mug wid yer?"
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
L.. T. Marks of Chicago is at the Lick.
H. N. Baggs, from Pioche, is at the
Lick.
J. L, Beringer of St. Helena is at the
Lick.
J. WJ Oatman of Reno, New, Is at the
Grand.
Josepr TriHey, U. S. N., is at the Cali
fornia.
Dr. D. F. Fox of Sacramento is at the
Baldwin.
Dr. G. F. Faulkner of Salinas Is at the
Baldwin.
P. Davis of Coulterville is staying at
the Grand.
Joseph Pettigrew of Norwich, Conn., is
at the Granc.
A. Griffin, i frutt man of Fresno, is a
guest at the (rand.
J. Mel* Hawser is registered at the Oc
cidental from Iyea.
Dr. J. H. Ban, a physician from Marys
ville. Is at the Grand.
W. W. GailbrUth, U. S. A., is regis
tered at the Calfornia.
etc., while his more intimate acquaint
ances would stop for a minute, and af
ter "trowin' him de glad nan'," would
indulge in badinage that would not
look well in print.
To one of these latter "Fatty" con
fided the fact that "Der stroinger wkl
'im wuz er bloke frum Noo York, wid
his jeans full uf dough an' er achin' ter
be blowed. Cud 'Spider' get er loidy?"
Spider "cud" and departed, returning
in a few moments with a little thing
who claimed to be 14, but who did not
look to be more th?.n 12. She was
pretty as a peach, with a full, lithe fig
ure, surmounted by a dimpled, oval
face, on which the delicate bloom of
young girlhood still lingered.
This was the miss who was to do the
"blowing," or, in other words, to exer
cise on the stranger the witchery of
her charms and relieve him of his
"dough." _
Her gentleman "f rien' " was pre
sented as "Spike" Casey and immedi
ately introduced the child as "Flo de
Skate." Flo didifoer best to fulfill her
part of the contract, and if she failed
it was owing to the interference of
other interested parties who would
persist in drifting up and invite the
stranger to "sirde out on de floor an'
shake de kid who wuz only er guyin"
him an' was no good." This belittling
of his loidy so irritated the placid
"Spike" that he finally remonstrated
with a party known as "Der Goat,"
with the result that they both were
helped to the sidewalk without the ne
cessity of treading on the stairs.
Dancing by this time was under full
swing, the skaters keeping time to two
accordions, a banjo and a piano that
had supplanted the brass band. The
reason of the change was explained by
"Mag de Rag" in a few words, "Cans
ain't no good 'cept ter chase de duck
wid, but der'es lots uf musik In 'er
'cordien."
Things began to get rather warm
and when three gentlemen, getting into
an argument, rolled down the stairs in
a bunch with one of the trio demand
ing that another take his teeth out of
his ear, the stranger thought it was
time to go. So declining numerous in
vitations to "take 'er wad" he took his
departure and left.
J. Morgan Smith, a New York banker, is
registered at the Palace.
O. Renicke. a mining man of Victoria, is
at the Palace with his wife.
W. L. Crow, a lawyer of New York, ar
rived at the Palace yesterday.
W. G. Clifford of Fitehburg, Mass., has
taken rooms at the Occidental.
L. H. Mclntosh, a prominent fruit
grower of Chico, is at the Grand.
G. B. Bradshaw, C. F. Preston and D.
L. Ross, U. S. N., are at the Baldwin.
Mr. Bacon, the
manager of the
Bostonians, has
a considerable
fund of wit,
which is aeeent
uateu and made
all the more pal-
A CAUSTIC
BUT WITTY
REPLY.
atable from the dry and solemn manner
with which his best things are delivered.
The other day. as Mr. Bacon, feeling
nlightly out of humor, the result of too
much lobster at a late supper the night
before, was standing in the entrance of
the Baldwin Theater, he was apnroacned
by a rather fresh individual who, not
withstanding the fact that he was told
that the manager was busy and did not
desire to talk at that time, persisted in
being heard while he recounted the nu
merous reasons why a position In the
company should be given him. Finally
he wound up by saying: "I tell you. sir,
] will be an ornament to your company,
for I have not only great dramatic talent,
but I am, what you want most of a»i, a
singer."
"You're a singer?" replied Mr. Bacon.
"I thought you talked like a machine,
but from your appearance I imagined you
to be a light-running Domestic."
As soon as the reply had thorougnly
soaked in the young man left.
William Parker of New Zealand Is one
of yesterday's arrivals at the California.
Frank H. Buck, one of the most promi
nent fruit-growers of Vacaville, is at the
Falace.
M. J. Enwrlght, a prominent woolen
manufacturer from Milwaukee. Is at the
Palace.
J. TV. Prosser, a prominent leather
merchant of Davenport, lowa, is at the
Palace.
H. H. Ellel, a prominent manufacturing
chemist from Minneapolis, is at the
Palace.
J. T. Campbell of Honolulu, who arrived
yesterday on the Zealandia, is at the Oc
cidental.
C. Hooper, G. Lockhart Ross and J. A.
Hail and wife, all o- London, are guests
at the • alace.
H. J. Small, connected with the Sacra
mento division of the Southern Pacific, is
staying at the Grand.
Mrs. Blethen Sherwood and her sister.
Miss Blethen. returned on the Zealandia
yesterday from their visit to Honolulu.
Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Martin of Sydney.
"V S W., and L. Lyons of London ar
rived on the Zea.andia yesterday and
went to the Occidental.
George W. Heintz, chief of the passen
ger department of the Rio Grande West
ern at Salt Lake City, is in the city on a
short vacation to the coast.
Mre Foster, wife of Newton Foster of
the Southern Pacific, returned home yes
terday with her daughter on the Zealandia
THE EMPORIUM.
Many Interesting Out-of-the-Ordinary
Sales are attracting throngs of
shoppers to the big store this
week. Spring Goods already here
in profusion.
I c*Aln<?* C ! nn All undesirable makes have
LdUie^ oprifiy been carefully excluded.
I Inrl^rtA/o^r On| y well-known, serviceable
SJllU'cl ncai • kinds comprise the large Spring
stocks now ready. No disappointment in style or
sizes. Here are some price hints :
Ladies' Stuttgarter Normal Sanitary: Woolen Underwear, in spring
weights — per garment —
28 30 32 34 36 38 40 42
$1.70 51.80 J1.90 $2.00 $2.10 $2.20 $2.33 $2.40
Ladies' Finest Quality Imported Ribbed Lisle Corset Covers, in colors,
which make a very pretty effect when worn under light Summer Waists.
Dark Pink, Red, White, 01 9 c
Dark Blue, Black, Each sJJI.^vJ
Now <tts\rLinnc: A line for boys that we
NeW OtOCKiny^ had made especially to
Fnr Harrl W**^r stand rough wear, a stock-
lUr SidlU M Cell, i that will give such sat-
isfaction that we will be sure of your future Hosiery
trade.
Boys' Extra Heavy Ribbed Black Cotton Hose— quadruple knee aj- r
and re-enforced heels— sizes 6to 10— per pair Jt
—ALSO—
500 dozen Ladies' Imported 40 Gauge Cotton Hose — Hermsdorf % black —
with double toes and heels— regularly 25c pair— special at 3 pairs Ef|~
tor. ;...;• vJVI,
T^i^ Dacl ris\ll;if* It's really a $1.25 Glove
I tie BeSt liOiiar _ a Ladies' Kid Glove—
r^l^v*/^ !** T^* * /** perfect in cut and finish —
UlOVe in IOWn, every pair fitted to the
hand and warranted.
Made in the latest style, with two patent fasteners and three <£|- f|f|
rows two-toned silk embroidered backs— price per pair *J>i«VV
They come in these colors :
New Greens, Ox-Bloods, Modes, White,
Browns, ' Tans, Reds, Fast Black.
Half Priro fnr Only a few more left of those
Ila is ■ I ICC lUI charming Swiss Music Boxes
M a air Ravoc advertised on Sunday. A
iTIU9IC UUAC3» constant delight in a home ;
an attraction for public places. They play operatic
and dance music and popular airs.
520 Music Boxes n0w......5i0.00 £28 Music Boxes now $15.00
525 M.sic Boxes now $12.50 $50 Music Boxes now $25.00
$75 Music Boxes n0w...... 540.00
Ayf^v^^ Pir^r-m+A/ Another batch of astonish-
IVlOre UrOCery inglylow prices for the bal-
B7^^^^^^*a X>v rt'-k*/ ance of this week.
Economy To-Day. See the daily bulle-
tins in Grocery Display Window for the special cuts in
prices of pure foods. Telephone — South 59.
For To-Day Only.
Choice Eastern Hams — regularly 13c lb— tor to-day only lie
Our 30c per lb Blended Coffee to-day 0n1y.....:..:......"..:.........-.... 25c
Spider Leg Tea— regularly 46c lb— special to-day 0n1y..............:........ 35c
Wool Soap — large — regularly 10c cake— to-day only, 9 cakes for 50c
Friday and Saturday Only.
5-gallon kegs Cooking Syrup 60c
Schilling's Best Soda— lb package : 4c
Loose Muscatel Raisins— regularly 6; lb — for the two days 6 lbs for.-... ...25c
Lemon and Orange Peel— regularly 13c lb— Friday and Saturday 10c
Golden Rule Savon Soap— regularly 3c cake— 40 cakes f0r.... $1.00
The Emporium
and Golden Rule Bazaar.
from the islands, where they have been
visiting for some time past.
A prominent
telcgrap.i orflcial
has a little son
of about 3 or 4
years of age who
was the l . _ans
o f thoroughly
frightening the
AN
EXPLODED
SENSATION.
landlady and all the boarders of the
fashionable hostelry at which his Parents
reside. The other day the father of this
voune hopeful brought home a toy bal
loon for the amusement of his son and
heir, and, go.ng down to his office the
next day, left me little fellow practicing
bag-punching with the scarlet sphere in
u.e sitting-room, while his mother sat
near by at work on some sewing. Shortly
after the landlady and the other boarders
In the house heard a terrific report, and,
as one of the male guests had been
drinking rather heavily for several days
and had threatened to blow out his
brains, they at once jumped to the con
clusion that the report was that of the
pistol with which he was making his
threat good. They rushed to his room,
but were met by some strong language
from its occupant, who had forgotten all
about his threatened self-destruction.
The suicide theory once started could not
be abandoned, and, as he of the numerous
drinks had proved a disappointment, they
instituted a searc ior the person who
actually had taken the pistol route to tne
great "hereafter. Every room in tne
house was searched, and finally the rooms
of the telegraph official were reached.
There, lying on the floor in a dead faint,
was that gentleman's wife, while stand
ing in the center of the room with a face
as black as an African's, was the cause
of all the ;ru and excitement, contem
plating the dust and soot bestrewn carpet
where lay a few shriveled-up bits of silk,
all that was le-- of the once handsome
balloon, which he had inadvertency
punched too hard and sent into the open
grate, where it had exploded.
His mother was brought to and, after
washing the grime off her darling's face
and finding him uninjured, first teartully
embraced him and then, with true lemi
nine logic, turned him over her knee and
administered a reproof which will remain
in his recollection for a long time to
come. The fun will cost the father a^out
$25 for carpet cleaning and wall whiten
ing. ___^_
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON, March 9.— Mrs. William
B Caperton and Miss Caperton of San
Francisco are visiting Mrs. Marshall
Robinson at the navy yard.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Armanda B. Davis has filed suit for
divorce against Luther Davis on the
ground of failure to provide. Suits for
divorce on the same ground were a.so
filed by Hattie A. Rivard against Peter
M. Rivard and Ida \V. Sjoholm against
A." p. Sjoholm. . S. Miller has com
menced suit against his wife, E. S. Mil
ler, for divorce, on the ground of deser
tion. Hattie Gallick has applied ror a
divorce from George Gallick on the
grcund of cruelty.
THE EMPORIUM.
AN EVENT OF
THE SEASON
Verein Eintracht Will Hold
One of Its Famous Mas
querades.
Great Preparations Are on Hand
to Make the Ball a Grand
Success.
What promises to be one of the grand
est masquerade balls of the season will
be given at Mechanics' Pavilion on Satur
day evening next. It will be held under
the auspices of the Verein Eintracht, and
preparations on a most extensive scale
are now in progress and everything pos
sible will be done to make the ball one
of the most brilliant affairs ever attempt
ed in this city. Yon der Mehden's band
will discourse music during the evening
of revelry.
Original and fancy costumes will be
judged by a committee from the society,
and their selections will receive valuable
prizes. The evening's entertainment will
begin at 9 p. m. and will be as follows:
Fancy marches and songs, with flags
swinging, by thirty-eight boys and girls;
table, chair and ladder pyramids by mem
bers of the turn section.
The grand march wiil be composed gl
the following interesting features:
First division— Band; committee of arrange
ments; president; vice-president; floor com
mittee (Rococo costume); Herald (Lohengrin
costume). Float 1, representing Prince and
Princess Carnival, with pages, in an arbor of
flowers, drawn by six harlequins; followers
court ladles, gents and Jesters and fifteen bal-
Second division— Herald (Austrian costume).
Float 2. representing a California gold mine,
with Eureka seated on a mountain, on foot 01
which gold miners are at work; the same is
drawn by six California bears; look out for a
surprise when procession comes to a halt; fol
lowers—lndian chiefs, Drlncesses and squawi,
gold miners of '43 and their wives, hurdy
p.uidy girls and thirty-six young ladies and
gents in red, white and blue.
Third division— Herald (German costume).
Float 3. representing ice and snow covered
mountains and River Tukon, which will, after
the procession comes to a halt, show with very
grand effect Klondike gold mines: float drawn
by six Eskimos; followers— Klondike mine™,
Eskimo women. Klondike Indians and squaws,
eighteen acrobats in white fancy costumes.
Fourth Division— Herald (French costume).
F.nat 4. representing new City Hall, with the
Goddess of Justice and some prominent citi
zens, drawn by six Jockeys; followers—banner
bearers Kaiser Wilhelm. Knaben Kapelle from
Gros»-Po-Po, West Africa: King Menelik and
Queen of Africa, sixteen African chiefs, mem
bers of the Verein Eintracht Turn Section In
Klein-Po-Po. West Africa, especially on a visit
from their native country, accompanied by
th»lr domestic fowls and animals.
Following Is the committee of arrangements:
H C F Stahl (chairman), J. Hartmanshenn
(secretary). William Sheppler (treasurer), Ad.
Becker (president of Verein Eintracht), Frank
Huber (vice-president of Verein Eintracht);
floor manager (Rococo costume), Charles
Guembel; assistant floor manager (Rococo cos
tume) Martin Huber; division leaders— Robert
Scheel (Lohengrin costume), Caspar Mueller
(Austrian costume). J. Dussourt (German cos
tume) Karl Sehaefer (French costume); floor
committee (Rococo costume)— Joseph Plats,
Charles Rehn. Louis Schmidt. Ernst Hart
mann. Wilhelm Hoehna. Chris Schroeder Edw.
Binder Otto Steinmann, Wilhelm Garms,
Robert Lorente. Louis Sass. Albert Kuenn,
Frlta Becker, Relnhold Spahr.
56
THURSDAY MARCH 10, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S. F-
Telephone Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month)
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rift&s House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 339 hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 930
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2£91 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second and
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin—" Robin Hood "
Columbia— Primrose and West's Minstrels.
California— "Town Topics," Sunday night,
Alcazar— "A Gllced Fool-
Korosco's— "The Woman in Black/ 1
Tlvoll— "The Geisha-"
Tlvoli— Concert this afternoon.
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Auditorium. Mason and Ellis streets— Violin Recital Saturday
afternoon, March 12.
Metropolitan Temple— Lecture on Phrenology. Monday night.
'ihe Chutes— Chlqulta and Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Masquerade Ball, Saturday evening,
Marob 12.
California Jockey Club, Oakland— Races to-day.
STATUS OF THE CflT.
JUDGE CAMPBELL declares that the domestic
cat is a wild animal. The important feature of
this is not the feeling of the cat at being thus
aspersed, but the circumstance that none may now
claim ownership of a cat. Title to property will not
rest in the cat. It becomes a vagrant on the face of
the earth, the target of every brickbat. Whoso de
sires may slay it. This may be law, but it is not
sense, and it does not give the cat a fair deal.
If the domestic cat is a wild animal science should
change the title of the creature. As a matter of fact
it is no more a wild animal than is the dog. the horse,
the patient-eyed kine. At some time in the dim and
distant past all these roamed unrestrained. All of
them, if given an opportunity, would relapse into an
untamed state, and all of them have first or second
cousins who cavort over plain and through jungle un
subjugated. If the hearthstone cat is a wild animal
because the lion and hyena are wild, then the dog is
in a similar fix because the wolf, the coyote and the
fox for the most part refuse to become civilized.
The prowling cat who howls in the alley in the
night time, driving away sleep, promoting profanity,
is a nuisance and should be abated. To do the abat
ing would be to perform a public service. But this
noisy and nomadic feline, an appetite and a desire,
has nothing in common with the cultivated pussy who
sleeps on the rug and is welcome there. In many
families the cat is held in regard little lesj than an
actual affection. To condemn such a cat to become
the prey of the rabble, to stamp it as an outcast
against whom every man may safely turn his hand,
is as rankly unjust as to sentence the canary to have
its neck wrung because its ancestors once twittered
free in the forest.
The domestic cat has a distinct grievance against
Judge Campbell. It can in justice to itself do noth
ing less than call a nocturnal convention under his
window and make the air quiver to a chorus of pro
test.
EXPOSITION WORK FOR CALIFORNIA.
IN many respects the most important step taken at
the meeting of the State Board of Trade on
Wednesday was the adoption of a resolution
which, after declaring that the board favors and ad
vises a comprehensive exhibit of the products of the
State at Paris in iooo, announced that the board will
request the next Legislature to make an appropria
tion of $50,000 for the purpose of such an exhibit.
By this action of the board the question of pro
viding for an adequate representation of the indus
tries of California at the world's great exposition is
brought before the public for serious consideration.
It has been under discussion in a manner more or
less vague ever since the French Government de
cided to undertake the enterprise of gathering an
exhibit of the industries of all nations to show the
results achieved at the end of the century, but no
definite plan of action has been advanced until now.
The resolution of the Board of Trade puts the issue
before the people in a way to compel attention. It
•will no doubt be thoroughly debated in all sections
of the State, and public opinion will be decidedly
formed upon it long before the Legislature meets.
The movement for the proposed exhibit at Paris
■will in no wise antagonize the plan for holding a
grand exposition in San Francisco in celebration of
the admission of California to the Union. The pur
poses of the two enterprises are so diverse
that they do not conflict in any degree. The ex
hibit at Paris wiil make our products known abroad,
and will thereby increase our foreign trade by in
creasing the demand for our goods. The San Fran
cisco exposition would make California itself known
and would tend to increase the amount of our
products by leading to the settlement of more people
in the State and the investment ot more capital in
our industries.
There is no reason why the advocates r>f either of
the two movements should oppose the other. Both
spring from a desire to advance the welfare of Cali
fornia and both are well calculated to do so. The
work of carrying out the one would be in a large
measure co-operative in carrying out the other. Cali
fornia cannot do too much either for her foreign
commerce or for her home industry, and can well
afford to be liberal in making appropriations for
both the exposition at Paris and that which is to
be held within the State itself.
It would be unwise for the whole world to get to
fighting at once. Somebody is needed to attend to
the prosaic details of seedtime and harvest. Europe
ought to discourage the bursting of its war cloud
until this country and Spain shall have smoothed
some of the wrinkles out of their grim visages.
The leader of the "Army of Jesus Christ" and the
leader of "God's Regular Army" are still in jail,
where there is every reason for supposing they be
long. Of course they are supported by the public as
usual, but not to have the opportunity to pass the hat
iv'>st strike them as a hardship.
THE CHURCH MILITANT.
THE Cardinal Cascajares, Cardinal Archbishop
of Valladolid, was an artillery officer before he
took orders, and, like Loyola, has not forgotten
his military training by exchanging the helmet for
the beretta.
He has issued a pastoral that is in the nature of a
sensation. After declaring that Spain's finances are
wrecked, her policy vacillating, her commerce in
ruins, her industry expiring and her agriculture
anaemic, while her blood is spent in useless battle,
the fiery prelate says: "A nation calling herself our
friend allows her press, and, what is more serious,
her Congress, to insult us daily. That same nation
favors treasonably the Cuban rebels, giving them
arms and ammunition and declaring that most of the
prisoners taken by Spanishtroops are her citizenseven
if they are guilty of incendiarism and dynamiting of
trains. That same nation crowns her hypocrisy with
a Judas kiss by sending her warships to blockade
Cuba under cover of an undesirable and vexing
courtesy. Spain sees that nation as the chief ob
stacle to establishing peace in Cuba, and, despite
such fact, that nation dares fix upon us terms for
ending the war and menaces us with armed interven
tion. And yet our Government suffers all these im
positions, these exigencies and this churlishness be
cause it pretends that we have no money and no
ships. Soon we will have no shame."
It is stated in the London press that it is feared
other prelates may follow the Cardinal's example
with consequences serious to the Government.
The language of the pastoral is interesting because
it is the echo of clerical utterances in this country.
Rev. Minot J. Savage put on his armor early in a
speech in New York, and now comes Rev. Mr.
Glover, an Episcopal rector in Minnesota, in an ad
dress to G. A. R. men, saying:
"Our hearts are mutually burning, I suppose, over
the treachery of the common enemy. I have not yet
offered myself formally for my country's service to
any Governor, but I thought of writing to those
patriots of Indiana to say that my services in lead
ing a regiment will be always at their command, and
that I will do all in my power with them to make
Spanish the prevailing language of hell."
Verily these followers of the Prince of Peace are
"hot stuff." Senator Mason and the warlike poli
ticians in both countries are not near the band
wagon at all in comparison.
Officers of the army and navy are cool and cir
cumspect. President and Prime Minister proceed
along the formal and polite lines of diplomacy. Even
the people plant and sow and delve and dig as usual
and wait in grim patience for the long roll of the
war drums. But these of the clergy, meantime, are
standing on the picket line exchanging challenges
and avowing a gory thirst that seems hardly in keep
ing with their cloth.
WE HAVE THE MONEY.
CONGRESSMAN CANNON in moving *the
passage of his bill appropriating $50,000,000
for national defense stated to the House that
the money is in the treasury, that the bill calls
neither for an issue of bonds nor for increased tax
ation. We can appropriate this sum, said Mr. Can
non, from funds already on hand without borrowing
and without laying heavier burdens upon the people,
a thing which could be done by no other nation on
the face of the globe.
Of course the fact that the $50,000,000 is already in
the treasury had nothing to do with the passage of
the bill. When national defense calls for arms or
wealth the American people will be always prompt
to respond no matter what may be the condition of
the treasury at the time. Nevertheless the statement
was a timely one for it presented in a striking way
the financial strength of the nation and made it clear
to all that we can afford to provide for defense with
out waiting for war to break out before we enter
upon expenditures for the purpose.
In another respect also the statement is interest
ing and notable. It illustrates the vast difference
between the condition of the national treasury undei
the present administration and the condition under
Mr. Cleveland. The Democratic tariff of deficit and
fiasco compelled Cleveland to borrow money to
maintain the credit of the Government even in time
of peace, but now we can afford a sudden and unex
pected expenditure of $50,000,000 without having to
borrow a penny of it.
The national treasury is, in fact, in good shape.
There is no longer a drain on the gold reserves.
There is no financial stringency in sight anywhere.
The New York banks have recently been paying
gold instead of bills on checks for the reason that
the treasury no longer needs or desires gold and the
banks have had to find a new outlet for it. For the
first time in many years gold is being used as a part
of the circulating medium in the East. Prosperity
is doing its work and doing it well. Our statesmen
can face the prospect of a war with as much confi
dence as Disraeli did and repeat his famous phrase,
"We have the ships, we have the men, and we have
the money."
It is strange and annoying that the truth cannot be
ascertained concerning the reign of spinal fever along
the Klondike trail. That people in Skaguay were
dying of this malady came from sources apparently
authentic. That there has been no trace of the disease
there, that the town is healthy, comes from sources
apparently as authentic. That somebody has been
lying is plain, the difficulty being to determine who
the wretch is. The man who would try to create a
bogus scare and the one who would seek to conceal
a real danger, in the point of rascality may be con
sidered about a tie.
San Francisco has always taken pride in the cir
cumstance that here unprotected ladies are free from
insult and tacitly under the protection of every man.
Therefore the exceptional instances in which this rule
is broken excite great indignation. Two men broke
it in the park the other day and they will stay in jail
for a month and six months respectively. These
sentences will go far toward placating the community!,
and it is not impossible will do the offenders good.
The necessity for buying ready-made ships from
foreign countries will be an object lesson. If the
work on the new navy had been rushed the minions
which may go abroad would have been kept at home.
There is a great economic difference between pacing
$3,000,000 to foreign workmen and expending the
same amount in this country.
Distressing reports that an ex-resident of this city
had had his legs frozen off up north will get back to
that gentleman as a surprise. He will perhaps do
himself the justice to kick the correspondent who
made and sent the news.
There is reason to fear that when Cramp protests
against the purchase of ships afcroad he does not
bring to consideration of the subject a calm and un
biased mind.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 10, 1898.
SWIFT as was the House in passing the bill
appropriating $50,000,000 for national defense,
the Senate was swifter still. It took the Senate
just twenty-six minutes to hear the bill read, have
the roll called and pass the measure by unanimous
vote. The body, usually so slow going in its pro
cedure that it has been regarded as an obstruction to
legislation, has proven its ability to move as rapidly
as any legislative body on earth when the occasion
calls for swiftness, and the people will note the fact
with universal approval.
This is the first time in our history, and perhaps
the first time in the history of the world, that two
legislative bodies have passed a measure of such im
portance as this without a single dissenting vote.
Fifty millions of dollars is no slight sum to place at
the disposal of a President to use according to his
discretion, no matter how great may be the confi
dence of Congress in his ability and his patriotism.
It is therefore a striking evidence of the loyalty of
American people that at this crisis the representa
tives of all parties voted unanimously to place that
huge sum in the hands of the administration with no
other condition placed upon it than that it shall be
used for national defense.
The prompt response of both houses of Congress
to the need of the time and the unanimous vote by
which the bill was passed ought to make a deep im
pression upon the public mind and be long remem
bered. Party spirit is so manifest among our people,
and we so seldom have in politics a demonstration
of anything else, that there are times when even the
most optimistic of citizens are moved by, a fear that
with us party passion may override patriotism, and
that the interest of the republic might be sacrificed at
some critical moment for the sake of winning an
advantage for one party or the other. This fear has
been dispelled by the vote on the bill for national
defense. Americans may be divided almost to the
verge of civil war at home, but when an issue arises
with a foreign power "their swords are a thousand,
but their bosoms are one."
The lesson of the vote will not be lost either at
home or abroad. It will have its effect in every
European capital, and not in Madrid alone. It will
be a warning to all powers that while the United
States is less likely to provoke a war than any other
on earth, it will be more united in case of war and
more ready to meet it with all the force of an ar
dent and patriotic people.
WHAT promises to be a complete victory for
honesty and the law has been accomplished
in Yolo by the adoption of an ordinance de
signed to effectually prevent bookmakers driven
from Sacramento plying their gambling trade in
Yolo County.
The adoption of the ordinance is the last step
taken in a long fight for the enforcement ' of law
against gambling carried on under circumstances
which made it not merely an illicit practice, but an
open scandal. Upward of a year ago the bookmak
eis,, having been driven out of Sacramento, went
across the river and established themselves in the
little town of Washington, from which point of van
tage they deemed themselves able to ply their trade
witn impunity and do as profitable a business almost
as they had formerly done in Sacramento.
There was an ordinance in Yolo against book
making, which in its terms was about as strong as
that in Sacramento, but for some reason, easy to
guess at, the ordinance was not enforced. From this
condition of affairs rose the scandal which seriously
affected the reputation of Yolo and proved a con
stant offense to the better class of its people. For
some time, however, no effectual steps were taken to
suppress the evil, and it looked as if the gamblers
had made themselves secure and would be able to go
on indefinitely with their trade unpunished and un
checked.
It was under these circumstances The Call began
an investigation ci the scandal and directed publtt
attention to the causes of it. The exposure made
by The Call was complete and startling. It aroused
the people of Yolo to a true sense of the situation
and stimulated them to action. The result is the
adoption of the new ordinance and the announced
determination of the officials to enforce it. This,
therefore, is one of the victories which The Call has
helped to win for good government in California,
a id its accomp.*sfhnient encourages the hope oj equal
success in struggles now being made for thj same
cause elsewhere.
The people of Yolo, however, must not content
themselves with having procured the adoption of the
ordinance and the promise of its enforcement Evils
in a community, like weeds in a garden, require con
tinuous attention. The influences whicli brought
about the scandal in the first place will be at work
again to renew the trade of the bookmakers as soon
as the storm blows over. The victory tow achieved
can be made permanent only by maintaining among
the people and their officials the same deter
mination to enforce the law which enabled them to
win it. The Call will give help in trc future as in
the past whenever it is needed.
Kansas City has an ordinance prtscribing that
street car patrons forced to stand shrll pay no fare.
The result is that the companies pro/ide more cars
and nobody has to stand. The Soithern Pacific
would not overlook the nickels if the"c were legisla
tion of this sort here. Probably one-fifth of all the
fares it collects now are taken from Jassengers who
are obliged to stand.
Hitting a man in the neck is not ilways the best
way of arousing him to a sense of eifor. Yet in the
affray in the office of the County Tnasurer at Sacra
mento this method is believed to |aye been effec
tive and proper.
If the Spanish authorities really expect to secure
reliable information as to the wreck ii the Maine they
will have to depend upon America divers. But a
suspicion grows that it is not refable information
they are after.
The woman who pleaded in an Oakland court for
the husband who had beaten her rrerely demonstrated
that he had not beaten her hard enough. Probably
he will endeavor in the future to atone for the over
sight.
If the Cubans should find themselves fighting under
the stars and stripes they would probably display
more zeal than has marked their course up to the
present, and they have not seemed exactly lukewarm,
either.
Dupuy de Lome could confer a considerable favor
upon at least two nations by tin simple process of
keeping his mouth shut.
From all accounts the Montgomery was not wel
comed at Havana with the acclim which marked the
arrival of the Vizcaya. (
/
BY UNANIMOUS VOTE.
THE VICTORY IN YOLO.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
The Oratorio Society of this city has a
singular theological problem on its
hands. The problem is this: Should
Christian young men profane their ilpa
by singing a hymn to the Philistine god
Dagon? The society has given a num
ber of old and tried oratorios with suc
cess, "Elijah" being the piece de re
sistance. Strange to say, no church mem
ber ever objected to the mighty "Hear, O
Baal"choruses in this Mendelssohn work,
but when James Hamilton Howe, the j
conductor, suggested the production of
Salnt-Saens' "Samson and Delilah,"
trouble came of it. Not at first, though,
for every one was delighted with the
Salnt-Saens music, and the deeper the
singers penetrated Into the work the
more they admired it, until the unlucky
chorus "We praise thee, O Dagon," was j
reached, and then Rev. B. L. Snowdon of
Sausallto and a contingent of tenors
SIBYL SANDERSON as Delilah In "Samson anl Delilah."
j arose and withdrew. When interviewed
they gave as their reason that their con
sciences would not permit them to ad
dress hymns to Dagon. A number of
overtures were made to the retiring
tenors, for every one knovs the priceless
value of a good tenor to a chorus. Mr.
j Snowdon and his friends were firm, how
ever, and the other singers and the con
| ductor were equally firm in refusing to
I suppress the most showy chorus in the
work. A compromise has now been
reached by which the Snowdon con
tingent retires into the corridor while a
piece praising good, red wine is being
sung, and they make their final bow be
fore the Dagon chorus.
"Samson and Delilah" was written as
an opera and was one of Sibyl Sander
son's most brilliant successes. It still
holds its place in the French repertoire,
and during the month of January last
netted more than any other opera played
in Paris. There is some talk of the Ora
torio Society producing the worK in toga
like garments.
The management of La Monnaie, Brus
sels, with a keen eye to business has re
vived the Bruneau-Zola opera "Mes
sidor." It was hoped that the publicity
the imprisoned novelist has been receiv
ing lately would be the cause of attract
ing crowds to the opera house. These
hopes were to a certain extent realized,
for great public interest was centered on
the first performance. Toward the end of
the first act some one hissed and there
was an immediate burst of public indigna
tion. The hisser was promptly turned
out, and after that people seemed afraid
of attempting any manifestation. One
man alone had the courage to cry "Vive
Zola!" but no one took any notice of him.
The opera was given a fairly good pre
sentation on its first production, but Brus
sels has not reversed the decision of
Paris that Zola's libretto, which is prose
without a line of jingle or rhythm, Is not
suited to music.
Cesare Ponsicchi of the Royal Musical
Institute, Florence, has just published an
interesting pamphlet entitled, "11 Primo
Pianoforte Verticals" (the lirst upright
piano). He gives the honor of inventing
upright pianos^ to Domenieo del Mela,
master of the Gagliano school in 1739, and
to another Italian, Frederic! de Gera, he
gives the honor of making a much more
perfect instrument in 1745. The pamphlet
throws considerable light on the history
of piano-making, which is for the most
part buried in obscurity. It is interesting
to trace the evolution of the instrument
from its humble beginning to the superb
pianos that we possess to-day.
Charpentier, the French tone-poet, has
written an opera, "Louise," which re
quires such an uncommon register of
voice for the prima donim that no one
has been found fit to sing it. The work
was to have been presented next month
at the Opera Comique, but in vain did
Carre, the director, propose one lyric
celebrity after another. Charpentier re
fused to consider any of them. It was
said that a young vocalist at Nice might
fit the role and Carre proposed that he
and Charpentier should go together and
hear her, but the tone-poet refused. He
now gives as his reason that he intends
to reserve "Louise" for another opera
house.
Emilio Pancani, formerly one of the
most famous tenors on the Italian stage,
has Just died at Hamburg, at the age of
nearly 70. He was gifted by nature with
a powerful voice of remarkable compass.
The works in which he especially tri
umphed were "Otello," "Norma" and
"Poliuto." He was born in Florence of
very humble parents, but he taught him
self singing and tried to form his man
ners after those practiced in the best so
ciety. So successful was this self-educa
tion that he not only became a great
singer, but also acquired the manners and
bearing of an aristocrat.
Colonne, conductor of the Chatelet con
certs, Paris, averted a panic recently by
i his coolness. A few wreaths of smoke [
| were seen ascending from the stage dur- |
ing the performance of an excerpt from I
"Siegfried." The audience at once pre- j
pared to rush out, but Colonne. in a few j
I reassuring words, requested every one to i
remain seated. His presence of mind had
; the desired effect and the smoke was soon |
suppressed. Fire has an especial horror !
to the Parisians, as the disaster of the j
charity bazaar is still fresh in every one's
j mind.
The. other day Albert Carre, the new j
director of the Opera Comique, had a |
lyric comedy In four acts submitted to I
him, entitled "Beaucoup de Bruit pour
Rlen" (Much Ado About Nothing). Need- i
less to say that Edouard Blau, the j
librettist, had found his inspiration in :
Shakespeare's delightful comedy. Paul j
Puget had written the music, and Carre
found it so delightful that he immedi
ately accepted the opera, which will be
played next season in the magnificent new
home of the Opera Comique.
Another operatic "William Radcliff" is
to be heard from. This time the com
poser is the young Frenchman Xavier
Leroux. The Opera Comique has ac
cepted the work for next season, though
one can hardly imagine anything very
'comic" being extracted from the work,
which, of course, is inspired by Heine,
It is to be hoped that the new opera will
I prove more popular than Mascagni's
"Radcliff" has done. Mascagni's work,
by the way, Is generally spelled "Rat
clif."
At Carlsruhe a new opera by Thille has
Just been produced under the direction of
Felix Mottl. The work, which Is entitled
"Lobetanz," had a much more sponta
neous success than the same composer's
"Theuerdank," which won the prize at
Munich last year, and was played at the
Theatre Royal of that town.
Baron Albert Franchetti, the million
aire composer of "Asrael," "Cristofero
Colombo," etc., is hard at work on a new
opera. The libretto, which is by Luigi
Illica, bears the title "Germany." The
story describes an incident of the war of
1806, just after Napoleon's victory at
Jena.
Feminine composers seem to get their
works to the front In Italy more than in
any other country, except perhaps in
France. The latest opera announced
from a woman's pen Is "Max," by Sig
nora Nissim-Rosselli. The Pagliano
Theater, Florence, has accepted it. and
the work will shortly be produced.
A Cincinnati amateur has offered a
prize of $1000 for the best cantata, with
solos and choruses, to mark the fiftieth
anniversary of the foundation of choral
societies in this country. The competi
tion is open to composers of all nationali
ties.
News comes from Berlin that Weln
| gartner insists on reslgming from the
j leadership of the Royal Opera orchestra.
but that he will probably accept the con
ductorship of the Opera symphony con-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I * I tffi published official reports
* show the Royal Baking
Powder to be a pure, healthful
preparation, absolutely free from
„ alum or any adulterant, greatly
stronger in leavening gas than
any other baking powder*
Consumers should not let this
valuable information, official and
unprejudiced, go unheeded*
.-
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK.
I certs. Felix Mottl has accepted the posi-
I tien left vacant by Weingartner.
Rubinstein's opera. "Nero," has never
had the reputation of being very popular
j with the masses, but in Barcelona. Spain,
'■ it is now carrying all before it. Much of
' the enthusiasm, however, is due to the
! fine singing of the tenor. De Marchi.
I THE BANKS OF THE VUKOX, FAR AWAY.
I I've a letter In my hand from a chum of oiden
Fror!; 1 " "' Sunday school companion of my
j We were^'Christlan laddies, then, loved the
church bell's ringing chimes,
And were models of the Washlngtonian truth.
Bui we drifted far apart, each his own direc-
And I "thought my chummy dead until to-daj.
; When this faded letter came couched in word»
I dare not print.
From the. banks of the ukon far awaj.
I In fas cabin built of ice chinked with never
melting snow .
j Ke wa« sitting when he took his pen In hand.
: And In every line I see frightful language that
I know #1: :
Will contest his entrance to the Promised
Land. .
He a pious life had led In the chosen Christian
fold. : ■ ■ • -.
Every moral rule endeavored to obey.
Until led by Satan's hand on a wild goose
chase for gold
To the banks of the Tukon far away.
E'en the whiskers, once his pride, had been
frozen from his face, , ..
And the buttons frozen off his canvas clothes.
Both his ears were wilted down by the frost
from rim to base.
And he but retained a fragment of his nose.
Every breath which from him oozed fell in
frost upon the floor.  ,
And in piles of sparkling Jewels It would lay
To be trampled under foot or be shoveled, out
■ the door, , •
On the banks of the Yukon far away.
All unbidden fell my tears as he spoke about
the past
When for heaven we were striving side by
side.
How we used to sit and talk of our raptur*
when at last
We had stemmed the force of death's dark
roiling: tide.
And he asked In tender way if I did not think
It strange ;iJu§|»«
He no longer feared the place where demons
stay ;
Anything would be to him a most gratifying
change
From -the banks of the Yukon far away.
—Denver Post.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
COUNTY LlCENSE— Subscriber, San
Rafael, Cal. In counties where. In the
State of California, there is a county as
well as city and town governments, those
who engage in business must pay a coun
ty license as well as a city or town li
cense.
FREDERICIA, DENMARK— E. McC,
Angel Island, Cal. In the old portion of
the fortified town of Fredericia, Denmark,
the streets run at right angels, but in the
additions that have been made in recent
years the rectangular lines have not been
followed.
ANTHONY BURNS— McB., City. An
thony Burns, a colored man, was taken
from the city of Boston by Watson Free
man, a I'nited States Marshal, on tre
2;". th of May, 1854. At that time the arrest
created a "great excitement and it was
generally declared that it was a case of
kidnaping.
ENLISTED MEN— F. F. L., City. An
enlisted man In the army who desires to
retire from the service before the expira
tion of his term of enlistment can do so
by paying a certain amount to the Gov
ernment. The captain of his company will
furnish all the desired information as to
the mode of procedure.
NATIONAL RECORDER— A. 1.. City.
This department cannot furnish any in
formation about the scheme that was or
iginated by the National Recorder of
Washington, D. C. You had better ad
dress a communication to the Commis
sioners of the Capital City. 464 Louisiana
avenue, N. W. . Washington. D. C. and
your complaint will be placed in the hands
of the proper officers for investigation.
NAVAL STRENGTH— G. P. Z., Mendo-
I cino City, Cal. The following figures .show
the naval strength of the several nations
. named, and In the list of vessels is in
cluded battle-ships, sea going coast de
fense, j non-sea going coast defense, ar
mored cruisers, protected and partly pro
tected cruisers, unprotected cruisers, gjin
boats, torpedo boats - and * torpedo boat
destroyers. United States 95, Great Brit
ain My, France 437. Germany 254, . Russia
337, Spain 118 and Portugal 63. In addition
these nations have the call on subsidized
vessels as follows: United States 4, Great
Britain 28, France 12, Germany 10, Russia
36 and Spain 14. There is in addition to
the credit of each nation a number of
hulks and stationary vessels, obsolete (so-i
called) vessels, dispatch, training. trans-*
ports, repair vessels, tugs and miscella
neous vessels manned by officers and
men. The total active list of the several
nations named, including officers, Beamen
and marine is: United States 12.552, Great
Britain 79.947. France 50.920. Germany 21,
513, Russia 40,532, Spain 24,649, Portugal
5089. The reserve is United States 2^oo,
Great Britain 83.000, France 84.350. Ger
many 37,000. Russia 45,000, Spain 25,000 and
Portugal 14.000.
» o ■
A choice present for Eastern friends,
Townsend's Cal. glace fruits.soc lb.in bkta
■ » .
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
NO ALLIES IN AMERICA.
The talk of an alliance of Mexico with
Spain in case of a war between the latter
and the United States is the veriest non
sense. Such a combination would not
only indicate, that the Mexican republic
had repudiated the cause to which it
committed itself when it threw off the
Spanish yoke and established a republi
can form of government, but that it had
lost the sense of gratitude as well for
the part which the United States played
in rescuing the republic from the grip of
a foreign despotism In the downfall of
Maximilian.— Chicago Tribune.
'■♦ ■ . •
Fob Relieving Throat Diseases, Cocghs axd
HOARSEXESS, use - Bro\m'i Bronchial Troches."
bold only In boxes. Avoid Imitations.
■ * ■
The most efficacious stimulant to sharpen the
appetite is Dr. Siegeht's A>gostcra Bitters.
Don't accept an imitation. '; ;
■ » ■
ANOTHER AND ANOTHER.
A relief expedition in search of Andree
tinder the direction of Professor Nathorst
will leave Sweden early in May. Toward
the corresponding- date In the ensuing
year another expedition Is likely to be
sent out in search of Professor Nathorst.
and the same expedient to be kept up
•indefinitely, the pole still remaining the
same useless and inviolable superstition
It has always been. — New York Tribune.VOGELSANG PAYS
COMPLIMENTS
He Expresses His Mind
About School Director
Hammond.
3Mot Half a Director Nor Half
a Gentleman He Writes
in a Letter.
.A Week's Vacation in Early April
and the Juno Term Extended
a Week.
The School Board met yesterday af
ternoon; it was not a lively meeting
End there was not much business of im
portance transacted.
A little zest was added to the meet-
Ing by a communication sent in by
Alex Vogelsang, attorney for the board,
who took occasion to speak his mind
regarding Director Hammond. He
wrote to explain his connection with
the law business of the board in re
ply to some criticism which had been
passed on the charges ne made for ex
tra work. He said the legal business
of the board is enough to take up the
entire time of a reputable attorney,
and as his duties were definite in
character he believed he should receive
txtra compensation for any work out
side of them.
In closing his communication ho
Xvrote:
It i 3 hoped that the communication is
both plain and satisfactory to eleven
members of your board; as to the twelfth,
who by some absurd travesty Is chair
man of the Judiciary Committee, I have
no hopes. He seems incapable of com
prehension, though 1 have often tried to
explain to him the law of the case.
One of the papers also states that at
th« last meeting of the board this Dt
rector took occasion to make some un
complimentary remarks concerning my
eelf. In reply thereto I feel it sufficient
to say that the disapproval of this per
gon, who is not half a Director nor yet
half a gentleman, is more to be desired
by those who know him than Is his es
teem.
Director Hammond Is chairman of
the Judiciary committee.
Grammar grade certificates were
granted to Miss Eva B. Cleary, Miss
lsabelle Hemmenway, Mis:; Mabel Hol
lis, Miss May C. Nolan and Arthur
Kilgore. The grammar grade certi
ficates of Miss Lily A. Toomy and Miss j
Marie A. Irwin were renewed.
The Committee on Elementary Edu
cation recommended that the secretary
be directed to advertise for sixty days
for sealed proposals for supplying the
pupils in the public schools of San
Francisco with suitable text books in
ell branches in the primary grades, the
bids to be opened June 9.
The recommendation was adopted
after some discussion. It was ex
plained that the advertising for bids
for books did not necessarily mean a
change in the text books used, but was
only to make the adoption of any books
needed legal.
By further recommendation of the
came committee Miss M. C. Sutherland
of the unassigned list was assigned to
a class in the Kedding Primary School,
and Mfss Jane Passalaqua was trans
ferred as a. probationary teacher from
the day school substitute list to a class
in the Chinese Primary School.
On recommendation of the Commit
tee on Evening Schools Miss Mary
"Watson of the Evening School substi
tute class was assigned to a class in
the Lincoln Evening School; Miss Mary
Mooney of the Evening School substi
tute class was assigned to a class in
he Business Evening School.
The Committee on Rules recommend
ed as follows:
That section SO of the rules be
changed to read as follows: "Corporal
punishment shall consist of the appli
cation of the strap or the rattan." That
In article 1, section 59, "high schools 1 '
be stricken nut. To add a new article
to section 59 to read: "The Girls 1 High
School be Instructed by a principal and
two vice principals and assistants as
may be needed." That the communica
tion of P. J. Carr, asking leave to so
licit tor a history of the world in the
schools, be denied. That permission to
Hiss C. M. Johnston, principal of the
Fairmount School to collect contribu
tions from the children to hire a piano
be denied. That teachers must read
section 185. subdivision 1, of the rules
to the scholars every month.
The recommendations were adopted
with the exception of that regarding
the high schools.
The following leaves of absence were
granted:
Miss C. A. Templeton of the West End
Bchool. from March 1 to March 24; Miss
K. R. Paxton of the department at large,
from February 28 to March 21; Miss
Ernestine Arnold of the Hamilton Gram
mar, from March 10 to April 10; Mrs. M.
D. Patrick of the Rincon Evening School,
from March 1 to April 1; Miss E. G. Mc-
Ewen of the Broadway Grammar, from
March 7 to May 7; Miss Fannie Davis of
the Redding Primary, from February 1,
1898 to February 1. 1599; Miss M. A. Bur
nett of the Sutro Primary, from March
El to April 30.
Mrs. Patrick and Miss Burnett asked
for leave until June 1, but Director
Head called attention to the fact that
by taking such a leave tljey would
come back and after teaching for a few
days be qualified to draw their salary
for the long vacation just as If they
had not been out. In view of this situ
ation the board allowed them each one
month, and if they desire further leave
they will probably be required to take
a leave that will include the vacation.
Miss E. R. Daniel, having served six
months as a teacher in the evening
schools, prior to her transfer to the day
schools, was made a regular teacher
•with full pay.
It was decided that the probationary
period, as required by the rules, shall
apply to evening schools as well as day
schools, end evening school principals
must hereafter report as probationary
teachers.
The salaries of the principals of the
schools were raised from $110 to $115 a
month.
On motion of Mr. Waller a week's va
cation was ordered from April 4 to
April S, and the subsequent term was
extended from June 17 to June 24.
Miss P. M. Nolan was re-elected to
the City Board of Examiners for two
years from March 1, her former term
having expired.
Miss E. Hettingor was transferred
from the day substitute class to a class
In the Agassiz Primary School.
Miss Nellie Gallagher, principal of
the Agassiz Primary School, was made
first vice-principal of the Franklin
(irammar School, vice Miss Kate Mo-
Donald, deceased. Resolutions of re
spect to the memory of Miss McDon
ald, and of sympathy for her relatives,
were adopted.
It was decided that Mr. McAuliffe be
assigned as a substitute in the place of
Mr. Simmons of the high school during
his absence on the examining board.
The warrants of Mary G. Allen, Ag
nes Stlmmel, Alice M. Lewis, Mrs. A.
H. McDonald, Miss P. O'Keefe, Miss
M. Livingston, D. E. Stanton and Saul
Epstein, which the Superintendent re
fused to sign, were ordered signed.
. Dr. Cachot has removed from 207 Taylor to
. M Turk street. Telephone Mint U36. *
THE ANIMALS NOW HAVE COME TO TOWN
Beasts of Jungle and Plain Roar and .trumpet Their Greetings at • the
Chutes.
HOW THE NEW ARRIVALS WELCOMED THE CROWD,
The elephant now goes rour-a.
The band begins to play;
The little boy under the monkey cage
Had better get out of the way.
"Thip, ladies and gentlemen, is the
Gulielimus Capricornicus, commonly
known by old women and small boys
as the Billy Goat. He was brought
at great expense from the foothills of
the Potrero for the purpose of feeding
the other animals, which you will no
tice are kept caged on the inside of
the new building at the Chutes."
These are not exactly the words of
the "spieler" who pointed the way to the
new zoo which is in the formative pro
cess, and which will replace the Cuban
dwarf as an attraction at the popular
resort near the park, but they express
the idea that the animals have ar
rived, and a good lot of them there is.
There are some there that were not
down on the programme as given by
Trainer Bostock when he made his
ANARCHISTS OR
BURGLARS HIDE
DYNAMITE STICKS
Discovery of a Box of the Explosive in a Cave
Near the Affiliated Colleges.
A robbers' lair has been discovered In a natural cave screened be
hind a big rock near the summit of the wooded hill which forms the
picturesque background to the Affiliated Colleges, and which Is the
summit of the northern end of the San Miguel Rancho.
Here the burglars had stored enough dynamite to blow open the
vaults of the United States Sub Treasury on Commercial street, or to
loot several of the city's banks. The plant was discovered by two
young men by the merest accident, and the news threw the Police De
partment Into a ferment of excitement-
George Hansbrough and Fred Nlebuhr, the finders of the mysterious
plant, have been in the habit of taking walks through
the forest of cypress, pine and eucalyptus which covers the high hill.
Last Saturday they discovered a peculiarly shaped rock a short dis
tance from a little bridge over a stream. Sitting down to rest at the
foot of this rock young Niebuhr happened to glance behind it and saw
a strange looking fissure in the face of the cliff, the big rock serving
as a door. This crack was wide enough for a man to crawl through,
and Xiebuhr went on an exploring expedition on his hands and knees.
After crawling for a distance of about ten or fifteen feet, he reached
what seemed to be a natural cave of a circular form about eight feet
In diameter, with a roof about six feet high. There was no light in
the place save that which straggled In through the fissure which con
stituted the entrance, and the young men were unable to distinguish
anything in the gloom.
Hansbrough went back to his residence half a mile away, at 1207
Stanyan street, for a lantern, while Niebuhr stood on guard at the
entrance to the cave. When he returned they entered
the cave again and saw a small pile of bricks in one side of the cave.
On removing the bricks they found the end of a gunny sack stick
ing up. Digging this up they found a castile soap box tied around
with a piece of rope. They carefully opened the box and found a
coil of Insulated wire, ten sticks of giant powder, seventy or eighty
detonating caps and a six-inch fuse for exploding dynamite. Before
they could finish their explorations the light went out in the lantern
and they left the cave, taking with them the dynamite and the other
things for safe keeping.
On Monday afternoon they returned to the cave and found that the
burglars or anarchists, as the case might be, had visited the den dur
ing their absence. The blade of a coal shovel lay on the floor beside a
hole six inches deep, from which more dynamite, or probably money,
had been removed. Out of the hole a piece of the soap box. sharpened
at one end, was sticking with the following inscription, or rather
scrawl. In lead pencil:
THE PERSON WHO STOLE THE GIANT POWDER WILL PAT
DEARLY IF NOT RETURNED BY SATURDAY.
The young men could not find anything else there, the owners hav
ing removed everything after finding that their retreat had been dis
covered. They placed the dynamite, the caps, the insulated wire and
the fuse in a box and took the deadly stuff to the California Street Po
lice Station, where they told Lieutenant Esola and Sergeant Helms
about what they had found and the existence of the mysterious cave.
The stuff was hurriedly locked up In the big safe in the office, while
Lieutenant Esola immediately communicated the facts to Chief of Po
lice Lees and Captain of Police Bohen.
The three officials held a conference, lasting fully an hour, and it
was decided to place a strict watch on the cave day and night fin the
hope that some member of the gang might return.
The police officials have used almost superhuman efforts to keep the
affair secret. They have affected an air of mystery, as though they
were on the track of a big sensation, whether of a discovery of an
anarchist plot or of a nest of bank burglars they decline to say. The
stick with the writing on it is guarded most Jealously from prying
eyes as the police believe it to be a most valuable clew to the identity
of the gang, although the writing is in a feigned back hand and evi
dently well disguised.
Chief Lees and Lieutenant Esola have spent many long hours In
Investigating the characteristics of the handwriting by the aid of
microscopes of great power, the Chief being an expert on handwriting,
but he declines to give his conclusions on the matter, If he has any.
The dangerous explosive has been placed in the Chief's office in
the City Hall, and If spontaneous combustion should supervene before
the detectives catch the gang there will be about a score of vacancies
on the upper office end of the police force.
Late last night it was believed that an important clew had been dis
covered. There was more than usual activity among the detectives,
but they carefully refrained from telling the reporters what they had
learned.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUKSDA*, MARCH 10, 1898.
contract with the Chutes management,
for the arrival of three baby lions Sun
day night lends an additional attrac
tion.
These babies are not yet on exhibi
tion, but they will be taken from their
present seclusion by Saturday and then
mothers of human infants can take
lessons in tenderness from the big fe
line who so jealously guards her little
ones. All the evidence the general
public now has that there are babies
in the cage of the lioness is an occa
sional squall that sounds remarkably
like that of a human infant.
But while the little '.lons are quite
a curiosity, they are not the only at
traction of the zoo. There are twenty
other lions besides those in that cage,
and in addition there is a big houseful
of monkays that are guaranteed to keep
everybody interested and amused for
hours. Then there are hyenas who
laugh when they are displeased, and
wolves who have got over their
sneaking ways. Then there is a big
black j 1 well, Bostock says it is a
Siberian wolf, but to an uneducated
and humble student of natural history
it has all the appearance of a mongrel
dog with his ears beautifully trimmed.
But of course Bostock ought to know
what it is, as he owns it.
Then there is Jolly, the big elephant
with his mouth always open asking for
peanuts and other delicacies dear to
the stomach of the small boy and the
bucolic visitor. Jolly was playful yes
terday, and took especial delight in
trying to knock the top of the Japanese
attendant's head off. When Jolly got
through with him the poor Jap had to
be carefully guarded to keep him from
falling afoul of the delicate paw of the
big tiger, who seemed desirous of ca
ressing everybody that came within
reach.
The great sloth was having a good
time teasing the Canadian wolves that
room with him, while the black bear
tried hard to make the Ing black dog
beg pardon, wolf — keep his distance at
the other end of the line.
The young lion cub wanted to get
out of his box and be petted, but his
table and stand were not quite ready,
so he will have to be satisfied in close
quarters for a few days longer, and
then he will have the run of the place
without let or hindrance, for he Is a
well behaved lion cub and is as playful
as a kitten.
There was but one animal in the
whole zoo that seemed to be perfectly
happy yesterday, and that was the
little monkey chained to the rail, who
received more attention than all the
rest of the menagerie. He chattered
and climbed over his visitors and ate
peanuts and popcorn until it was a
wonder where he stowed away all that
he took In his mouth.
Chiquita is a passing attraction now
and the zoo gets the crowd. It is hard
for Chiquita to bear, but humanity Is
fickle, and what can one poor little Cu
ban expect against a big houseful of
wild and untamed beasts of the forest?
The living human wonder must go with
the current, for the cry of "This, ladies
and gentlemen, is the African gorilla
who is noted for his great "resemblance
to the human species," draws the throng
away after the new gods, while the old
ones are cast aside.
SWINDLED BY HIS FAIEND.
Hamilton L. Gillis Loses iSO Opals
Brought From Australia.
Hamilton Lincoln Gillis. a native of
Pittsburgh Pa., obtained a search warrant
In Judge Campbell's court westerday for
the recovery of 150 opals which he claims
had been stolen from him by Aleck Cra
mer.
Gillis -went to Australia some time ago
to go mining for opals. After securing
150 he returned by the Mariposa. working i
his way. Cramer was on the same steam
er, also working his passage. When they
arrived here Gillis continued working on |
the vessel and as he had no secure place j
In which to place the opals he gave them
Into the custody of Carmer, who roomed I
in the same house, at 54 Jackson street.
He valued the opals at $2 50 each In their
rough state.
Cramer disappeared from the lodging
house a few days ago and on making in
fjuiry Gillis was Informed that he had
gone to Seattle on his way to the Klon
dike. He did not know whether or not he
had taken the opals with him, so he pro
cured a search warrant to satisfy him
self on that point. He was satisfied.
Dr. Pepper Would Not Come.
Regarding the statement that there
has been talk of Dr. Pepper's succeed
ing Martin Kellogg as president of the
State University, and the suggestion
that Mrs. Hearst would be pleased if
the position were tendered to him, Mrs.
Hearst states that there is absolutely
no justification nor basis for such an
impression. Mrs. Hearst has never
thought of Dr. Pepper in connection
with the presidency of the State Uni
versity, has never suggested his name
for the position to any one and is well
aware that the university has nothing
to offer Dr. Pepper which would be
open to his consideration. Dr. Pepper
has a handsome practice, yielding him
an income of $80,000 a year, and his du
ties as president of the Museum of
Philadelphia and library, with whose
endowment he is largely concerned,
make his departure from his own State
impossible.
Sound Money Discussions.
Between now and next presidential election
there will be hosts of discussions of the ques
tions of "sound money" and silver. However
opinions may be divided on these points, there
is but one public and professional opinion, and
that 1b a favorable one, regarding the merits
of Hostetter's Stomach Bitters as a remedy for
and preventive of malaria, as well as a cura
tive of kidney complaint, dyspepsia, constipa
tion, Uver trouble and rheumatism.
SALOONS FOR
THE CHILDREN
Judge Low Lets an Of
fender Off With a
Trifling Fine.
State Law Ignored for a Man
Who Richly Deserved
Punishment.
Questions Naturally Arisa as to the
Whys and Wherefores of tho
Transaction.
There was a case in the court of Po
lice Judge Low recently which failed to
excite the interest it deserved. That
it also failed to result in the infliction
of an adequate penalty is a matter of
opinion. It was thatof Peterßokoriska,
charged with allowing a minor in his
saloon, and guilty of the charge. He
was fined $5.
The crime is one clearly recognized !
by the statutes. The State law bearing j
upon it was enacted in IS9I. It provides j
that for every offense there shall be a j
fine imposed of not less than $100, nor
more than $300, and that in default of
payment the convicted defendant shall
be imprisoned for not less than 100
days. There is a visible difference be
tween these provisions and the punish
ment prescribed by Judge Low. This
may be explained in part by the fact
that the complaint against Bokoriska
was not made under the State law, but
under a municipal ordinance much
milder in its terms, and yet not so i
sweetly lenient as the construction put |
updn it by Judge Low would seem to j
imply. This is order 2624. It forbids j
minors under 18 to be in saloons, and !
says that any saloon keeper violating i
it shall be punished by a fine not more !
than $1000 or imprisonment for not
more than six months, or both. Cer
tainly Judge Low was well within the
law. There is no denial that $5 is less
than $1000. But questions arise.
When the State law was enacted it
seemed to strike Chief Crowley as a
good thing, for he had it printed for
distribution among his men, and at the j
bottom of the leaf was this line, sug- I
gestive even to the densest policeman i
on the force: ''Officers are expected to
enforce this law." There are no rec
ords showing that these instructions
were ever rescinded. An offender com
ing within purview of the municipal or
der would certainly be unable to evade
the State law. Why, then, was Boko
riska arraigned under a rule giving him
a chance to escape? Why was a fine
which might have been $1000 made so
much less as to be farcical?
This Bokoriska is said to be an old
offender. His saloon out on Mission j
street has a reputation for harboring
children of both sexes. Such is the |
reputation the police give it. Yet there
is a State law designed to reach just
such places. The law is ignored and an
ineffective local order employed appar
ently for the purpose of letting people
of the Bokoriska stripe escape.
In the Divorce Courts.
Kate M. Turpin was granted a divorce
from W. 11. Turpin yesterday on the
ground of cruelty. Mrs. Turpin wasgrant
••(l the custody of her minor children and
was allowed alimony in the sum of $50 a
month. Nettie A. Mixer was granted a
divorce from her husband, George H.
Mixer, on the ground of extreme cruelty.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
Held to Answer.
The preliminary examination of Daniel
Lynch, bookkeeper for Captain Anderson,
ship chandler of East street, charged with
grand larceny, was conduced before
Judge Conlan yesterday and he was held
to answer before the Superior Court In
$3000 bonds.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TREATMENT
THIS NEW APPLICATION OF THE COM-
blned curative powers of both medioal and
electrical treatment, as administered by the
skilled physicians of the Electro-Medical Insti-
tute, cor. Market, Powell and Eddy streets, has
proven a wonderful success, exercising over
disease a curative power never before known
to the Medical World. The Doctors of this
Institute are curing all manner of Diseases so
quickly that those who bad lost all hope of
health are amazed at the wonderful results
obtained through this new system of Electric-
ity and Medicine combined. Immediate relief
is given and perfect cures speedily follow,
many of -which would have been impossible
through electrical treatment alone or medical
treatment alone.
UCDIfCC Insomnia, Hysteria, Chronio
nCfiWkwi Headaches. Nervous Twich-
ings. Palpitation of the Heart, Dizziness, Evil
Forebodings, Melancholia, Weak and Sinking
Spells, Nervous Debility and all Its attendant
ailments. The awful effects of neglected or
improperly treated cases, producing weakness
of body and brain, dizziness, falling memory,
lack of energy and oonfldenoe, pains in back,
loins and kidneys, and other distressing symp-
toms. Our Electro-Medical Treatment Is the
only successful cure for nervous ailments.
QIIEIIU and aU kindred diseases
tinluURIA I Ivnl of the joints and muscles
yield at once to Its influences.
ASTfIDDEJ of the Nose, Throat, Lungs and
IIA 1 Anllll Stomach. Our special com-
bined catarrh treatment never fails.
BLOOD AND SKIN diseases^, or all
DLuUU HreU wßln classes thorough-
ly eradicated from the system.
niCCACEC of the Heart, Stomach. Liver,
Ul&bAdkV Kidneys, Bladder and kindred
organs treated by the Electro-Medical System
with unfailing success.
I m fllCC This Electro-Medical Combined
LA&JIEIdi treatment is a boon to sufferers
from all diseases peculiar to women. •
mniTF if you cannot call, and get the
if HI I C Doctors opinion of your case.
CONSULTATION : FREE£?S?e'£
State Electro-Medical Institute
MARKET, POWELL & EDDY STS.
Entrance, 3 Eddy St. SAN FRANCISCO, CAL
n U R E D HIBKJ^S^I
jg&fe^E.S P I T Z Y.nP.
JJNITED STATES
LAUNDRY,
/ OFFICE,
1004. Market St.,
l Near Powell.
i .Teiejpiipxxei Souttx 480,
■:• . , "' ADVERTISEMENTS. . .
XXJOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 0000 000000000000000000000000
A.T . 0
BARGAIN^RICES !
As AN EXTRA INDUCEMENT FOR TO-DAY'S TRADE, §
and to illustrate the MATCHLESSLY LOW PRICES at §
which we are introducing our GIGANTIC CASH PUR- §
CHASES OF NEW GOODS, we present the following «
POWERFULLY ATTRACTIVE VALUES! I
COLORED DRESS GOODS. |
\(\n 1 case double-fold TARTAN PLAIDS, good value for 20c a yard; will Q
11/ Li. be offered at 10c a yard. Q
QC\n 2 cases double-fold FANCY CHECKED DRESS GOODS, in medium 8
. £t\J\j» an( light colorings; will be offered at 20c a yard. Q
Cf)/, 1 case 50-inch fine ALL-WOOL DIAGONAL NAVY STORM SERGE, X
u\J\j» value for 75c a yard; will be offered at 50c a yard. Q
BLACK DRESS GOODS. §
Afl/> 50 pieces 40-inch ENGLISH CREPON, good value for 75c, will be Q
'rV/Lr. offered. at 40c a yard. . sj
tZf\r> 75 pieces 45-inch ALL PURE WOOL STORM SERGE, worth 65c, will Q
clUl/. be offered at 50c a yard. V
C no/ ,; 0 1 50 pieces BLACK CREPON AND PIEROLA CLOTHS, In the §
DJJcClcll. latest designs, ranging from $1 to 52 a yard. ft
SILK DEPARTMENT. §
OK/» 100 pieces PONGEE SILK, 20 inches wide, s free from dressing, worth ?>
£uO\j» 35 Cf will be offered at 25c a yard. ■ ' ©
«Ci/» SO pieces CHANGEABLE AND PLAIN TAFFETA SILK, in all the §
U«JL<. latest shades, will be offered at 65c a yard. • '9
MEN'S FURNISHINGS. §
f\C\n 140 dozen MEN'S EXTRA FINE GOLF SHIRTS (standard make), n
OULi made with plain or plaited laundered fronts. French Percale, in very q
handsome patterns and with one pair reversible link cuffs and club Q
tie to each, were $1 and $1 25, will be closed out at 50c each. rj
___ O
EMBROIDERIES ! EMBROIDERIES! p
An 3000 yards CAMBRIC GUIPURE EMBROIDERY, assorted patterns, O
*rL>. 4 Inches wide, worth 10c, on special sale at 4c. . O
71 n 2000 yards CAMBRIC GUIPURE EMBROIDERY, assorted patterns, O
jtt 4 and 5 inches wide, worth 15c, on special sale at 7^c. O
CLOAK DEPARTMENT. §
C*ArkPi LADIES' TAILOR SUITS, fly front Jackets lined with Roman Q
ip'r.cfcl. stripes, skirts lined and bound with velveteen, colors black and Q
navy, on special sale at $1 95. . V
<C 7 Cm LADIES' LIGHT COVERT AND DARK MIXED . CHEVIOT Q
«p I . <J\J» SUITS, fly front Jackets lined with silk serge, skirts double Q
lined and bound, on special sale at $7 50. 0
o*4 OK LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS in fancy colored checks and black O
<Pl.£l>* figured mohair, lined and velvet bound, on special sale at SI 25. • O
<B9 fid LADIES' BLACK FIGURED BRILLIANTINE DRESS SKIRTS, O
<4>^.UU> assorted patterns, double lined and velvet bound, on special sale O
■■-*r T ■ at $2. ■ • ' • Q
[/[/■ Murphy Bulldlngr.>/ "{/[/ Murphy Butldlngr. / ' §
Market aid Jones ' fets. Market anil Jones Streets. \
. AMUSEMENTS. j
''jRIEDIANOIfI &OTriOBSC # •«*«*«»
' —MATINEE SATURDAY-
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
A REAL HOT TIME.
PRIMROSE & WEST'S
BIG MINSTRELS.
GEORGE PRIMROSE. AMERICA'S GREAT- I
EST MINSTREL; GEORGE WILSON,
PRINCE OF COMEDIANS; E. M. HALL, FA-
MOUS BANJOIST, AND 40 OTHERS.
SEATS NOW READY FOR NEXT WEEK.
Coming— "1492." .
BALDWIN THEATER.
Last Week— The Famous Original
»^» BOSTO2STT.-A.lSrs <p*^~
—TO-NIGHT and Remainder of Week—
"ROBIN HOOD!"
NEXT WEEK— NOW READY,
"MYSTERIOUS MR. BUGLE"
. A legitimate farce in three acts. JOSEPH ]
HOLLAND and an efficient cast.
fRIEDIANDEB GOTHOBfiCuisuia/wujuJ t
Commencing SUNDAY NIGHT,' March 13th,
WORLD, KELLER & MACK
And Their Big Farce Comedy Company in
TOWN TOPICS!
II Entire Lower Floor .......50c
TUT PRICFS i Entire Balcony 25c
cm rnlWCd. || Gallery ....isc
POSITIVELY NO HIGHER.
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
%^^«
; The Greatest Show in the City! •
Jose Quintet, greatest vaudeville singing act;
Josephine Sabel. vivacious chanteuse, and the
Human Music .Sheet— fifty colored vocalists;
Kudlnoff. fantastic delineator; Webb & Hassan,
i hand acrobats; Smith & Cook, '-dancing , corn-
el dians; Smart St Williams, colored comedians;
! Whitney Brothers, musical artists; The Doners,
! eccentric sketch team; Lina Pantzer, danseuse
i fll de fer. ;
- Reserved seats 23c; balcony lOc; opera chairs
and box seats SOc.
ALCAZAR. ™£
—LAST— NIGHTS— LAST-
LAST. FIVE TIMES OF N. C. GOODWIN'S
■ Successful Comedy.
"A GILDED FOOL!"
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY.
Seats ......................15c. 25c, 35c. 60c
Monday Night— A Political Satire— "THE DIS-
TRICT ATTORNEY."
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter Moroaco Sole Lessee and Manager
First Production of H. Grattan Donnelly's New
Melodrama, ::.■.
"THE WOMAN IN BLACK!"
Th« Most Exciting Comedy Sensation of the
Day.
Illustrating the power of hypnotism and the
exciting Incidents of a hot political campaign.
-Evening prices. 10c,' 2ic. 50c. Matinees Satur-
day , and Sunday. . ■ .■*
\ MOTHERS TAKE full FIDE V TAKE YOUR
YOUR tniLl/llEri MOTHERS
To See ; tho : Finest ': Collection of . '■:"-'
***:-W-lI_,:D .A.NTIuIA.I-iS:***
Ever Shown In This Country, at. the "
...;Z00,..
IN THE CHUTES.
ALSO CHIQUITA AND A BIG SHOW.
"Feeding of the Carnlvora" at 5 and 10:30 p. in.
Open Daily from '10 a. m. to 11 p.m.
iOa La AIL Including, Zoo. 'etc.: Children. sc.
AMUSEMENTS.
tivolT^opera^housel
Mks. Ernestine Kkei.ixg. Proprietor & Manager
— -THIS EVENING
[ The Brilliant Japanese Musical Comedy,
"THE GEISHA!"
A Story of a Teahouse.
The Prettiest Production of the Year.
THIS EVENING.
First Appearance of the Beautiful . Younc
Artiste,
MISS HELEN MERRILL
In the Title Role.
POPULAR PRICES 25 AND 50 CENTS.
On account of unsatisfactory telephone serv-
ice no orders for seats will be -received here-
after. '
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
SAN FRANCISCO SYMPHONY SOCIETY.
FRITZ SCHEEL/ Musical Director.
EIGHTH CONCERT.
THIS (THURSUAY) AFTERMJON, AT 3:15.
HENRI MARTEAU, the Great French Vio-
linist.
GOETZ'S SYMPHONY, . "Tschalkcwsky's
Italian Caprice."
-PRICES, Including Reserved Seat, $1 £0, $1
and "sc. Sale of Seats at Tlvoli Opera House.
rf%£%\ SIX FREE LECTURES
Qr^ On Spirit, Sonl Phrenology and Health,
V£3s £ »t METROPOLITAN TEMPLE on
* Fifth St., near Market, by
MRS. O. S. FOWLER,
Widow of the late Prof. 0. S. Fowler, the Cele-
brated Phrenologist of New York. . .
Monday, March 14, 8 p. m.— "Spirit, Soul and
Phrenology."
Tuesday. March 15, 2:30 p. m.— "The Mys-
teries of Women," ladles only. ■■ ■'■•■»
Wednesday, March 16, 2:30 p. m. — "Afflictions
of Women," ladles only. ■■ •■ -■■"
Friday, March IS, 8 p. m.— "Manhood; Its
Virtues and Faults," gentlemen only.
Saturday. March 19, 8: p. m.— "Electricity;
Its Application to Disease."
Classes taught the application of electricity
to cure disease, beginning March 22. Phre-
nological examinations daily from 9 a. , m. till
9 p. m. until March 31, at the California Hotel,
on Bush St.. near Kearny.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting, 1897-9S, Beginning -MONDAY,
March 7, to March 19, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
. . . THURSDAY, FRIDAY 'AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP.
Ferry boats leave San Francisco at 12 m.
| and 12:30 - 1:00, 1:30 2:00. 2:30 and 3 p. m..
connecting with train stopping at the entrance
I to track. Buy your ferry tickets to : Shell
Mound. - Returning— leave the track at
4:15 and 4:45 p. m., and immediately after th 9
last race. THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., Pres.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary. .
— —
• • C\\ VIVID I A Corner of M»son and
.\JL.Xmrii\ Edd/ Streets.- /
America's most beautiful music hall. Great-
est free bill in the world. DRAWEE, world
famous Juggler; MULLIN & WARD, novelty
boxing: .STARKEY & RATKBUN: SIMON-
SEN, - INEZ. ARNELDO. ANTONETTE. and -
; ten others. . House Heated. Admission Free. ,
Baja California ;
iDAMIANA BITTERS
' Is a - powerful ■ .-pliroa.siao and specific tunio
i ' for . the sexual " and urinary organs of ; botb
; •exes - and a "great s remedy for ; diseases of. th»
. kidneys : and bladder. *' A / great ■ • Restorative.
Invlgorator and. Nervine. "* Sells on its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
- NABER. ALFS & " BRUNE, Agents,
121 Market Street. 8. F.-^(Send for Circular.)
: • '^^oSBbl*!*>-iM Big ** is a. non -poisonous
, i '"jfEVgiß* I " '"nhauAl remedy ■ for . Gonorrhoea,
>4R^rrritEc^^H Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
£$!**& la ' tos.)»TB.\v] Whites, unnatural dis-
MiSLsr r,a»r«oiMd V charges, or any inflamma-
jj&rjf dgi to iirlcture. tion. irritation or ulcera-
B»" <jPrerenu eoni»»teo. .tion of mucous mem-
fgSlmEvANSCHEHirtino. braids. Non-astringent.
ISgAciNCINNATI.O MM Sold by BruggtMta,
wwfc tff „■. ->Mr or seat In plain wrapper,
Jt^flKflk^' Zj&W b ? exprf>«a, prepaid, for
' $1.00, or 3 bottles, 12.75. -
•»^eQgJßP* v m Circular »^at on r«<jueit.
78
LADY BRETHERTON'S ROMANCE.
Wealth Cannot Change the Affections of Sadie Holmes,
the Telephone Girl,
Sadie Holmes, the telephone girl who awoke the other morning and
found herself My Lady Bretherton, with a castle in Wales and incidentally
a £"00 000 bank account, won't let either her immense wealth or vast do
mains nor for that matter her parents Interfere with her love for humble
Joseph Glosser, who has never attained and who never cared to attain to
more glittering distinction than to measure out tea and coffee in a prize
package tea store.
At least that is the story told by the heiress* intimate friends and Gios
ser's chums and customers, and it is a touching tale with a very Holmesy
flavor.
The story is the more interesting on account of the air of mystery which
surrounds it.
Lady Bretherton is just recovering from a severe attack of nervous
prostration, the direct result of too much exciting joyfulness and too many
congratulations. Sickness, however, has not caused the twin roses in her
soft round cheeks to fade, neither has it dulled the sparkle of her bright
brown eyes.
When questioned in regard to her rumored engagement to young Glos
ser, My Lady emphatically said "No."
"We are excellent friends." she went on to explain, "but that is all. He
has been taking me around to parties, etc., but that is all there is to it. I
leave shortly for England and want to see the world before I marry. If
anything turns up while I am abroad I shall write to The Call and let you
know.
Young Glosser neither denies nor affirms the delightful story of the un
changing affections he has inspired in the heart of the heiress. "It is not for
me to say," said the young tea clerk. "I leave it to the lady. I hope lam the
fortunate young man. Perhaps later, when Miss Holmes is on the high
seas— but. now, really, I can't say anything."
And so in tantalizing uncertainty the matter rests. Glosser deigns not
to allude to the fair telephone girl as "My Lady," and she twists and twirls
a solitaire on her slim third finger, left hand, and says, "I am not en
gaged to anybody."
THE U. S. ARMY
IS INSPIRED
Enthusiasm Comes Di
rectly From the Noble
Stand of Congress.
War Department Orders Col.
Williston to Take Station at
Fort Slocum, New York.
Desertion of a Private From G Com
pany, First Infantry, Causes
Comment at the Preeldio.
The word from Washington that Con
gress had voted without dissenting
voice the sum of fifty million dollars
for national defense was inspiring to
the army. The unanimity with which
the great measure was carried delight
ed the army people and evoked pat
riotic comment at headquarters, and all
the garrisons of this department. The
success of the bill creating two more
regiments of artillery caused a feeling
of joy In the military camps. The noble
appropriation of fifty million dollars
immediately following the army in
crease awakened enthusiasm.
The veteran soldier, Colonel E. B.
Willlston, will command the Sixth Ar
tillery. Yesterday an order came by
wire from the War Department direct
ing Colonel Wllliston to report with
out delay to General Merritt, command-
Ing the Department of the East, for
duty at Fort Slocum. The Sixth Ar
tillery will there be organized as speed
ily as possible. Colonel Williston will
probably leave the Presidio for his new
station the latter nart of this week.
His departure from the garrison will
cause a feeling of regret among the of
ficers and enlisted men.
General Shafter. commanding the pe
partment of California, had a busy day
at army headquarters in this city yes
terday. The general land Colonel Miles,
post commander at the Presidio, were
together for an hour. Subsequently the
general consulted with members of his
staff and officers of the Third Artill-
cry.
It is believed that the President will
allot to the army some of the money
placed in his hands by the recent act of.
Congress. A sum may be allowed for
spring maneuvers near Atlanta. The
dispatches in The Call that arrange
ments had been perfected for mobiliz
ing the troops at Atlanta were read
with great interest by the soldiers serv.
Ing in this department.
Some comment was caused at the
Presidio yesterday by the news that a
private of Company G, First Infantry,
deserted from the command the night
before. Desertion from the army is so
unusual that it causes talk. Colonel
Miles remarked yesterday tnat soldiers
whose terms were about to expire were
not offering to re-enlist, and he con
jectured that the Klondike excitement
was turning the attention of the men
to that region. Papers left by the de
serter from Company G indicate that
the man had been figuring on a trip
to Dawson. There are twelve or four
teen vacancies in the First Infantry at
the present time.
A general court-martial has been ap
pointed to meet at the Presidio at 11
o'clock to-morrow morning, or as soon
thereafter as practicable, for the trial
of such prisoners as may be properly
brought before it. The following offi
cers have been detailed for the court:
Captain James S. Pettit, First Infan
try; Cantain George H. G. Gale, Fourth
Cavalry; Captain Charles G. Starr,
First Infantry; Captain Nat P. Phister,
First Infantry; First Lieutenant Alex
ander T. Dean, Fourth Cavalry; First
Lieutenant FranV O. Ferris, First In
fantry; First Lieutenant John P.
Hams, Third Artillery; Second Lieu
tenant Charles T. Boyd, Fourth Cav
alry, and First Lieutenant Archibald
Campbell, Third Artillery, Judge advo
cate. The court is empowered to pro
ceed with the business 1> 'ire it with
any number of members present not
less than the minimum prescribed by
law.
Captain Horatio G. Slckel, Seventh
Cavalry, U. S. A., stationed at Fort
Grant, Ariz., is visiting San Francisco
on leave of absence. The captain is ac
companied by Mrs. Sickel. They are
stopping at the California.
Lieutenant-Colonel Charles P. Egan,
chief commissary, Department of Cali
fornia, who has been absent from the
city on leave for the past two months,
has returned and resumed his duties at
military headquarters. Mrs. Egan re
turned to San Francisco with the col
onel. They are registered at the Pal
ace.
The army paymasters stationed in
this city have been busy the past two
or three days paying the troops in the
Department of California. Lieutenant-
Colonel Frank M. Coxe, deputy pay
master-general, paid the men stationed
at the Presidio and Fort Mason: Major
John Witcher, paymaster, paid the
troops stationed at Angel Island. Al
catraz Island, Fort Baker, San Diego
Barracks, Benicia Barracks and Be
nicia Arsenal.
ALASKA BREAD.
By a Practical Miner.
Bread in Alaska means always
baking powder bread or biscuit, for
no other kind Is possible. There Is no
yeast or any other means of raising
dough. An experienced miner, one
who has been in Alaska five years,
has Just given us two of his most use
ful receipts.
Those who think of going to the
Klondike should keep them, and those
who stay at home will be interested
in knowing how a practical miner pre
pares his "staff of life."
Bread: Quart of flour, two table
spoonfuls of Cleveland's baking pow
der, half a teaspoonful of salt; mix up
with cold water or milk until stiff.
Grease the pan. bake until cooked
(about half an hour).
Biscuit: Quart of flour, two tea
spoonfuls Cleveland's baking powder
and half a teaspoonful of salt. Mix
thoroughly while dry with lard or ba
con fat. Then mix with water or milk
until stiff enough to roll out. Cut Into
circles with top of baking powder can
or cud: bake about fifteen minutea.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 10, 1893-
DAVIS NOT AN
OFFICER NOW
His Star Comes Off at the
Order of the Police
Commission.
Comment Caused by the Strange
Attitude of Chief Lees in
the Matter.
He Sought to th« Last to Protect One
Whose Guilt Had Been Made
Clear as the Sun.
Sergeant Fred Davis was dismissed
from the police force yesterday. After
a period of nearly forty-eight hours of
suspense he heard the decision of the
Commissioners at noon. Captain Gil
len at once relieved him of his star and
authority. At present a patrolman is
doing the duty for the performance of
which Davis has been pronounced unfit.
There Is a feeling that the Commis
sioners acted with commendable
promptness in taking up the case as
they did, while with the result no fault
is to be found. It is taken as indicating
a resolution to maintain a high standard
of morals in the department and to
weed from it the individuals whose
connection is a reproach. Davis had
been found guilty of frequenting the
i boxes of a public place, always in com-
I pany with a woman. He was there
when supposed to be on duty, and there
so much and so openly that the asso
ciation became notorious. After the
testimony against him had been heard
his guilt was manifest, and yet his at
tempted defense was so weak as actu
ally to emphasize the truth. Against
the charge of endeavoring to levy black
mail there was nothing but his own de
nial.
The commission Is being praised be
cause it had to contend with the unex
pected obstacle of opposition from
| Chief Lees. He alone of that body
seemed determined to clog the prog
ress of Justice, to dwell on irrelevant
points and to throw about the integrity
of the overwhelming testimo-ny a shad
ow of suspicion. But for this strange
attitude of the head of the department
' there is reason to believe Davis would
! have resigned and escaped the humilia
j tion of dismissal. Certainly, the fate
' of the accused would have been set
i tied the night of the hearing. The de
! lay was due solely to Lees. The Chief
I was in a similar frame of mind yester-
I day, when in executive session the mat
i ter came up for final consideration. He
still sought to discredit the testimony.
Messrs. Tobin and Gunst would have
i none of it. They had made up their
| minds, and were not to be swayed by
I the prejudice of Lees.
"There is no doubt about the guilt of
i this man," said Mr. To-bin. "His con-
I duct has been a disgrace to the depart
j inent, and It is time for him to leave
j it."
It was at this point that Lees put in
a special plea, but Mr. Gunst stood with
I Tobln, and In the absence of Mr. Al
vord they constituted a majority.
The action of Lees excites particular
'. comment in that it so sharply contrasts
with his course in the instance of
charges against Sergeant Wollweber,
who was recently forced to resign.
Wollweber became infatuated with a
woman, and associated with her so
I much that the affair assumed the na-
I ture of a scandal. The man was ac
! cused of nothing else. Nobody came
forward with allegations of blackmail.
Moreover, Wollweber did not visit the
woman openly and in full uniform
while supposed to be going his rounds.
He had at least enough respect for the
i department to do his wooing as a pri
! vate citizen. Yet when Lfes heard of
; the matter he at once demanded Woll
weber's resignation. Naturally, people
in and out of police circles are making
j remarks.
WHO DIVULGED
THE BIG SCHEME?
Publication of Plans of a Power
Company Startles Its
Promoters.
Its Possible Effect Upon the Manu
facturing Industries of This
City.
The publication in The Call yesterday
of the scheme for transmitting electrical
power from the western slope of the
Sierra Nevada Mountain?", through tho
medium of an electrical line to San Fran
cisco, came as a startling announcement
of one of the greatest schemes affecting
the manufacturing industry of this city.
It is the consensus of opinion that the
vast scope of its possible effect upon the
manufacturing industries of San Fran
cisco, if carried out as proposed, will be
to stimulate manufacturers to compete
against their Eastern competitors, and
that it may be an incentive for the es
tablishment of new enterprises represent
ing manufacturing industries not already
established here.
Mr. Addison, manager of the General
Electric Company, when seen in his onico
in relation to the matter, said that he had
nothing further to say regarding the
scheme, other than that he was surprised
tliat it had been made public at this time
by its exclusive publication in The Call.
Prince Ponlatowski, the head and front
of the new company, would not discuss
the subject, except to say that he did not
know who connected therewith had di
vulged the nffairs of the company, as it
was not intended they should be made
public at this time.
The proposed secretary of the new
company, Mr. Angus, was startled when
he learned of the publication of the plans
of the company, the facts of which he
supposed were the secrets only of those
directly interested in the project, and
marveled at the energy displayed in se
■ curing the information published.
JUDGMENT FOR BIG DAMAGES.
Pacific Steam Whaling Company Re
covers From the Alaska Packers'
Association.
A jury in Judge Hunt's rourt deter
mined yesterday afternoon that by reason
of the Alaska Packers' Association's in
terference with the employes of the Pa
cific Steam A\ naling Company while they
were fishing for salmon near Karluk Spit
and Tanglefoot Inlet, Alaska, the latter
corporation has been damaged in the sum
of $50,000, and gave judgment in its favor
for that amount. Although it was con
ceded that the Pacific Steam Whaling
Company ha 4 been dameged by the inter
ference of the rival firm, the damages al
lowed by the Jury wero much greater
than was expected notwithstanding the
fact that in the complaint $100,000 was
asked as damages to cover the loss of the
plaintiff.
If the lead in your pencil is poor, try the
famous "Koh-I-Noor." •
INGLIS PROVED
A POOR WITNESS
Gave Damaging Testi
mony Against the Har
bor Commission.
Light Thrown on the Way in
Which Water-Front Con
tracts Were Let.
The Commissioners Meet With a Set
back in Attempting to Impeach
D. H. Bibt>.
William Inglls was called yesterday
as a witness for the defense in the in
junction suit brought by the Paraffine
Paint Company against the State Board
of Harbor Commissioners. He proved
anything but a valuable witness for the
defendants. Although he was but a
short time on the witness-stand, he
threw a flood of light on the way bus
iness has been conducted on the har
bor front.
Attorney F. S. Stratton was recalled
to the stand, when Judge Belcher re
convened court yesterday morning, and
wass cross-examined at great length by
Attorney Matt I. Sullivan of counsel
for the Paraffine Paint Company. He
told of the legal advice he had given
the Harbor Commissioners concerning,
the opening of bids after the time ad
vertised in the proposals, and explained
in detail the connection he had with
the lumber companies that were in
terested in the suits brouerht against
the board several months prior to the
action now being tried. The other
suits were dismissed on terms satis
factory to both sides of the litigation.
Stratton testified that he had never
been apprised of the terms of settle
ment and had always declined to give
any advice to the board in the matter
of the payment of the contested bills
that first brought about the present
legal controversy. He admitted hav
ing been consulted by the Slade Lum
ber Company relative to its contract,
but said that he had never advised
the Board of Harbor Commissioners on
the matter of the payment of the bills
presented. Stratton said that he had
advised Slade as to his legal right* anu
having done so declined to advise the
Commissioners. He testified in conclu
sion that the Commission^ -ps were full y
apprised of his consultations with the
representatives of the Slade company
and that for that reason he was not
asked to give the commission advice
on matters in which both the lumber
company and Commissioners were in
terested.
William Inglis was next called as a
; witness by Stratton for the purpose of
impeaching a portion of the damaging
! testimony given by D. H. Bibb against
' the contract-letting methods of the
Board of Harbor Commissioners.
Inglis testified that he knew Commis
sioner Colnon between fifteen and slx
i teen years, and that lie had known
I Bibb about ten years. He testified that
I he spoke to Commissioner Colnon soon
after the latter's appointment relative
to securing a contra* t for furnishing
all the lumber required by the Harbor
Commissioners. Commissioner Chad
bourne was present at the time. Col
non told him that Bibb was looking for
a portion of th" same business and that
ihe had better consult with Bibb. The
i following day he telephoned to Bibb
and made an engagement to meet him
in his office. When they met and dis
cussed the lumber contract Bil>l> said
that he wanted it all to himself. Inglis
replied that he wanted at least half of
the work, and Bibb refused to listen to
; him. Two days later Bibb visited him
and told him that he had changed his
mind. Bibb said that he understood
Inglis had "a pull" with the Harbor
Commissioners, and that If he (Inglis)
would exert that "pull" he would give
him one-quarter of the contract for fur
nishing lumber.
"I refused to accept the proposition,"
testified Inglis. "and we separated. I
told him that I did not have # a pull,'
but that I intended trying to get the
contract. The next day Bibb visited
me again and said that he would
equally share the contract with me, if
it could be secured, on the condition
that I gave the teaming work to his
father-in-law."
"Did you ever demand a position at
$250 a month from Bibb?" asked Attor
ney Stratton.
"No, sir," replied the witness.
Attorney Cope then took Inglis In
hand and cross-examined him concern
ing his acquaintance with Colnon. He
said that he had been friendly with
Colnon for years; in fact they had been
neighbors at Stockton. He also ad
mitted that his father was one of the
sureties on Colnon's bond.
"Do you know S. E. Slade?" inter
rupted Attorney Stratton.
"I do," replied Inglis.
"Did you ever enter into an agree
ment with him?" asked Stratfon.
"Yes, sir," answered the witness.
"Now kindly give us the facts con
cerning that agreement," said Cope.
Inglis in response said that Slade
came to him relative to securing the
contract for furnishing the Harbor
Commissioners with the lumber re
quired for wharf repair and exten
sions. Slade told him that he could fur
nish half of the lumber and take all of
the profits accruing from that half of
the contract, if the witness could se
cure it. The contract was, however,
to be in Slade's name, and he was to
handle all of the lumber.
"Have you a lumber yard?" asked
Cope.
"No, sir."
"Was all of the lumber to be fur
nished by Slade?"
"No, sir." answered Inglls. "I in
tended getting my half of the lumber
from Portland."
"Did Slade get the contract?"
"He got a contract for six months,"
answered Inglis. "I had previously re
ported the matter to the Commission
ers."
"Did you furnish any of the lumber?"
"No, sir," replied the witness. "My
agreement with Slade was afterward
changed. He furnished the lumber and
paid me $200 a month."
'Did you do anything in return for
the money?"
"Oh, yes," answered Inglis. "I work
ed around the yard tallying rumber and
assisted in overseeing the loading of a
schooner."
The testimony of Inglis proved of
great interest to the plaintiff's coun
sel inasmuch as Slade when on the
witness stand several weeks ago testi
fied that he had employed Inglis simp
ly because he thought him a good
man.
A Sailor's Suicide.
The man who committed suicide in a
lodging-house at i 69 Market street on
i.iarch 7 waa identified in the Morgue
yesterday as W. J. Mason, steward of the
barkentlne Lurllne from Hawfiii. Mason
was paid oft" on February 26, from which
time up to the time he swallowed tne
carbolic acid -.c had been on a debauch.
Advances made on furniture and planes, with
«w» ■Hrtnut r»m,,-..,,i j. jjoon»i- 10n-102»Mls«lon.
AN ARCHITECTURAL BEAUTY.
Spanish Window lor Palo Alto's Social Hall.
The architectural feature of the new Social Hall, to be erected at Palo
Alto for the use of the students of the Stanford University will be the
window which is to beautify the front. The design is by Newsom and
Meyers, architects of the building, and is an almost exact copy of one that
adorns the famous hospital of Santa Cruz, built in Spain in the early part
of the sixteenth century, and considered the finest example of Spanish
Renaissance in existence. v -
LAW INVOKED
TO OUST RAGAN
KilpatrickCarries the War
Into the Enemy's
Camp.
Suit Begun in the Superior
Court Calling for the Di
rector's Removal.
The Board of Education Also En
joined From Proceeding With
the Taacher's Trial.
Several new complications were in
jected into the Kilpatrick-Board of Ed
ucation squabble yesterday, and when
hostilities closed for the day it looked
as though the affair had developed into
a tangle that will require several weeks
to straighten out.
Mr. Kilpatrick early in the day as
sumed the aggressive, and through the
agency of Judge Belcher of the Supe
rior Court succeeded in staving off his
trial by the Board of Education for at
least two weeks. He also made a
flank movement on Director Ragan and
brought suit, asking for the doctor's re
moval from the bf.-ard, alleging that he
had at divers times peddled out teach
ers' positions for sums varying from
$250 to $500. This attack kept the doc
tor so busy all day in repelling that
ho did not have time to take his con
templated action against Stanton, and
until Kilpatrick's suit is disposed of
Stanton will escape prosecution on a
charge of attempted extortion.
The first move of the day was when
Attorneys Eugene N. Deuprey and H.
S. Aldrich, on behalf of Kilpatrick, pre
sented a petition to Judge Belcher, a
petition praying for a writ of prohibi
tion to restrain the Board of Education
from proceeding with the trial of the
petitioner. Kilpatrick alleges that he
was suspended by the board without
any charges being made against him,
which, he states, is without jurisdiction
of the law. The board now seeks to
place him on trial, and he asks the
court tcr grant the writ of prohibition
until jurisdiction is properly obtained
by the board.
'judge Belcher issued a citation to the
ADVERTISEMENTS. Lj ; r .. J -,..-^..,-.^. . , ..;
809 Market St., cor. Fourth, 2nd floor Flood B'ld'g, Room 7.
COJ>TSXJT_jTA.TIOISr FREE.
FREE— TO DEMONSTRATE OUR PAIN- y «v^sld'OT7flSl/* II f
T METHODS of KXTRACTION. etc.. we WStvr WI / U 'W V&'r/C
devot- one hour each day .to FREE EX- V 4V 4 OL «OJr : \\; A/ */&?*,
TRACTION, 18 to 11 a. m. The clinic 1* always >A» '^JVAK /V/ V A/ **//%
ahead in advanced dental science. No students _ <J^^j£&?*zg£mL *•&»
ce F P or°th d enext thirty days our prices will be: "^ __^_|jf jW^fk^^'^*
FULL SET OF TEETH for .........J4 50 up .- ---IJ^J Wj^A
rm n rROWNS" 22k.. ....... .360 up __--^— ' '
SS'in^l?..-- :::::::::::::::•.:::: JSS fob^| Jip^mPs*
NO PAIN. in extracting and no charge when i.^ VV/'' ?3 \£ "4 c ♦.i~*^j-
plates are ordered. JS \Kfs iff -V A tXtractea .
Work done as well at night as by daylight by _.___.. .X' % \A FILLED '-"-'
the modern electrical devices used here. LadyTLLTLI \fl,fflk Ji/ CROWNFD
attendant. A physician always in attendance. I LL I II WI -m lft/ vl * w ' n ' llE "'
Don't forget the number— N&JT**' JB? 6<^ Bridge WOffc
;•',-; ■ ' V WITHOUT PAIN. .*v.
Reception DR. T. E. STROIMG 809 Market Street, corner Fourth.
Room 7. UH. l.L.Oinyiw,, Flood Building. Second Floor-
. Office Hours-)) a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays 9 to 12 m.
members of the board, ordering them to
show cause on March 21 why the writ
should not be granted, and this action
had the effect of stopping all further
proceedings until after that time.
Kilpatrick's attorney next filed with
the County Clerk a complaint against
Director D. F. Ragan, charging him
with having offered to receive various
sums for his promise to appoint per
sons to positions as teachers in the de
partment varying from $250 to $500
and asking that the defendant be re
moved from office. The charges are
general in their nature, no specific alle
gation being made.
Dr. Ragan had received an intimation
that this suit was to be commenced
and without waiting to have a sum
mons served upon him appeared at the
City Hall with his attorneys, W. W.
Foote and Andrew J. Clunie, with an
answer all prepared, and going before
Judge Cook gave notice that at 10
o'clock this morning they would move
for an order setting the case for trial
at the earliest possible date, on the
ground that the case is of public im
portance and should be determined at
once.
The answer denies the charges con
tained in the complaint, and waiving
all technalities and time defendant may
be entitled to, demands the fullest in
vestigation.
The trial of Mr. Kilpatrick was set
for 8 o'clock last evening. Half an
hour before that time his attorneys,
Deuprey and Aldrich, made their ap
pearance and waited to see what action
the board would take. Several direct
ors assured the attorneys that no at
attempt would be made to disregard the
court's order, but that the matter
would be deferred until Judge Belcher
gave his decision. With this under
standing Deuprey and Aldrich with
drew, and shortly afterward President
Harrington called the directors to or
der, Messrs. Bantel, Burns. Derham,
Drucker, Gallagher, Hammond and
Waller answering to their names. Di
rector Waller moved that Kilpatrick's
trial be continued until 10 a. m., March
23. The motion was carried without
dissent and the board adjourned.
Director Ragan was seen last evening
and said that the suit instituted by Mr.
Kilpatrick had occupied his time during
the day to the exclusion of other mat
ters, and until that was disposed of he
would take no steps against Stanton.
He expressed his determination to have
the suit brought to trial at the earliest
possible date, and for that purpose he
said he would waive all technicalities.
Charles P. Harris on Trial.
Charles P. Harris, a stockbroker, was
placed on trial before udge Wallace yes
terday morning on a charge of embezzle
ment preferred against him by George o.
Davis. Davis alleges that on February
21, 1894. he placed In the hands of Harris
a certificate of 100 shares of the capital
stock of the Potosi Mining Comnany.
which he valued at $130, which Harris
so, v and appropriated the money to his
own use.
Of the peerages at present existing
more than 300 were created during the
Queen's reign.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DISEASES_OF MEN.
their great reputation «>y curing dlfflcuUca«a.
They are the oldest and most reliab.e pny
slcians on the coast.
WEAKNESS of MEN.
There !s no reason why you sho "'J »°
through the world half or KM than a man
If you aro suffering from total or partia. loss
of "vital Dower you need not <J es P?ir.u o to
IV. Meyers & Co., 731 Market St., they WIU
cure you quickly and permanently.
NOT A DOLLAR NEED BE PAID
UNTIL CURE IS EFFECTED.
If you cannot call at th.- office and see
these great doctors send for FRKK BOOK and
SYMPTOM BLANK; also they will give you
free advice t>y mail. CONSULTATION AL-
WAYS FREE.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
Specialists for Men of the
English and German Expert Specialists,
731 MARKET STREET.
Hours, S to 5; evenings, 7 to 8; Sundays, 9to 11.
KLONDIKE
OUTFITS
Not complete without a supply of
GAILBORDEK
EAGLE BRAND
CONDENSED MILK
Highest reputation for keeping qual-
ity , cence, no experiment ; no loss.
NEW YORK CONDENSED MILK CO.
n- . v ■ .*i
No deception practiced.
rii! No $100 Reward.
ASIC YOUR DRUGGIST
for a generous • i
10 cent trial size.!
Ely's Cream Balm
contains no cocaine, mercury nor any other in-
jurious crag. It opens and cleanses the Nasal
Passages. Allays Pain and Inflammation. Eea!«
and Protects the Membrane. Restores the Sensee
of Taste and Smell. Is quickly absorbed. Give*
Relief at once. 50 cts. at Druggists or by mail,
Trial Size 10 cts. at Druggists or by mail. .- •,
ffiy tMv.-un^ «? Warden Street, New York
§' 114 Inches
S4 FROM THE EYES
S£§§ip^ is THE NATURAL reading
rw^ distance Nearer or further
15 ABHORS AND HEEDS IHVESTHJATION
CALL AMD SEE US
Opticians' SPHi5 PHiC pLi /
*** 642M.arketSt. <i*^
tI^DER CHRONICLE BUILDING.
MADE WE A MAN
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
A. ZX Nervous »— Failinc Mem-
ory, I m potency. Sleeplessness, ate., cnused
by Abuso or othor Excesses and. Indis-
cretions. They quickly and surely
restore Lost Vitality in old or young, and
fit a manforetudy, bosin.'issor marriage.
5» Prevent Insanity and Consumption . it
me. Their use shows immeciato improve-
ment end ejects a CUKE where .all other fail .In-
sist upon having the gonmne A3 as Tablets. J.hey .
have curod thousands and will cure you. Wp c.lro* pos-
itive written ennrantoe to offset a cure Efl j*T« la
eachensoor refund the money. Price « I Wiper
package; or six pieces (full treatment) for C 2.50. By
mail in plain wrapper, upon receipt of price. (Circular
A JAX KcA'.pnvco.. • i !. l! .«'- v -?
For sale In San Francisco by Leipnltz & Coy,
HO Butter. No-Percentage Pharmacy, 053 Mkt.
HAVE .YOU Sore Throat. Pimpleg, Copper- ■
Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores*. Ulcers II
in Mouth, Hair-Falling? VVriif COOK HEM- ■
KDYCO.. 213 -MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- 1
CAGO, ' ILL., for proofs of cures. < Capital B
$500.WW. Worst cases cured in 15 to 35 a ays. m
100-pase book free. •_ f
Q Visit DB. JORDAN'S priat;
fi^hi Buseusn of
I^^l visit DR. JORDAN'S Z.T.CsL
Museum of Anatomy
UB HASZST ST.tet. 6ti4 70, S. ?. Cat
X "S « Tbe L»r B PMof Its kind in tin World.
1 §il \ DR. JORDAN— Private ; Diseases.
I«W|| jk ■■■! C-aiu'alutton Tree. Kriie Tor He**
xMll^Philosophy of Marriage.
" '- *J. .-.'y. * Htßto raft ;
riyi lieu f
I Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured tj
iESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
Part*. J. ESPIC t New York, E. FOUGERA & CO.
* . SOU) UV ALL PSUOOISjaAGAIN THE
RATES FALL
The Canadian Pacific Will
Sell Tickets for Five
Dollars.
Travel From St. Paul to Seat
tle to Be Made Yet
Cheaper.
Vice- President Stubbs Calls Atten
tion lo the Action of the Steam
ship People.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, March 9.
—The Canadian Pacific Railway
made a further cut of 30 per cent
in passenger rates, taking effect
to-day. One can now travel from
Vancouver to St. Paul for *10.
Travel East is very heavy and
also West.
•S><S><s><«>3><«><e><S>.3> <3><3> <$> <$> -$> ■§>
CHICAGO, March 9.— There is a pos- j
sibility that the trouble over transcon- !
tinental rates between the Canadian
Pacific and the roads of the United
States may he settled next week.
Chairman Caldwell of the Western
Passenger Association received a joint
telegram signed by Chairman Donald
of the Central Passenger Association
and Comissioner Farmer of the Trunk
Line Association asking if the Western
roads would agree to meet the lines of
the Central Association and of the
Trunk Line Association in New York
next Tuesday. It is understood that
the Canadian Pacific will also be repre
sented at the meeting. Chairman Cald
well replied for the Western roads to
the effect that they would be repre
sented. Nothing further than this is
known by the Western roads, but they
say that they are willing to do all they
honorably can to settle the troubles be
tween the American lines and the Ca
nadian Pacific.
The meeting of the Western roads
called for to-day to consider the best
thing to do in relation to the last cut
in rates made by the Canadian Pacific
did not result in anything of impor
tance. It was agreed that the Grand
Trunk line shall be allowed to make
flat rates from New England points to
North Pacific Coast points for the pur
pose of meeting the competition of the
Canadian Pacific if it desires to do so.
This was the only thing done at the
meeting, the balance of the session be
ing taken up by routine matters.
Vice-President J. C. Stubbs of the
Southern Pacific waxes wroth when
the criticisms to which his company
have recently been subjected in the
daily press are referred to. While not
blaming the Pacific Coast Steamship
•uiy for the stand it has taken in
the present rate war, and while ac- !
knuw ledging that it is good business
poli ■ for the owners of the vessels to
make all the hay they can while the :
sun is aliining, he claims it is at tn> -ir
door, and not at the door of the South- j
crn Pacific, that the complaints of mer
chants who wish to see the Klondike
travel come through San Francisco
should be laid.
'"The rates as they now stand be
twen St. Paul and Puget Sound ports
are $20 first class and $10 second class. |
fThe rates between San Francisco and
St. Paul are $25 and $15 over the Can
adian Pacific.
"Now, said Mr. Stubbs, "where does
this $5 additional come in if it is not
the steamer charge from this port to
Vancouver? If the steamer rate is $5
between these two points, and the ,
Steamship people can make a profit at
BUch a figure, why do they charge a
• $12 and $6 rate from here to Seattle?
"Now, mind you, I do not blame
them for so doing. But if the -?rier- -
chants of this city think they yftave a
right to complain, why aon't i/icy first
make their complaint to the :/teamship
people with the view of /qualizing
matters on water travel and then '
come to us for a reduction instead of
blaming us for not coming down to the
cut rate level, when we would, by so
doing, not only be obliged to cut as
much off our regular rates as do the
Northern roads, but to absorb the
steamer rates as well, thus not only
carrying people for nothing, but going
down into our pockets for the $12 and
$6 difference from here to Seattle?"
"Have you made any proposition to
the steamship people looking toward
the equalization of things?"
"I have talked about this matter un
til I am sick, but nothing has come of
While Mr. Stubbs was speaking a tel
egram from Chicago was brought in,
plying news of a rumor to the effect
that on March 11 the Canadian Pacific
would institute a still further cut from
Ft. Paul to Seattle, making a rate of $5
between those points. If such proves
1,, be the case it is a foregone conclu
sion that the American roads will meet,
it, and fares will have about reached
bedrock.
As matter? now are, rates have been
cut to nearly the lowest level possi
ble, and the Canadian Pacific, in order
to maintain the differential, which has
caused all the trouble, would have to
pay passengers for the privilege of car
rying them. Consequently the war has
resolved itself into a question of stay
ing ability, and it only remains to be
seen whether the American roads will
weaken and allow the differential, or
whether the Canadian Pacific will be
forced to agree to an equal rate.
HALF A CENT AN ACBE.
Atlantic and Pacific Land Grant Sold
at Auction.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., March 9.— The land
grant in Arizona of the Atlantic and Pa- |
< ific Railroad was sold under foreclosure
here to-day by Karl A. Snyder, master in
chancery. First Vice-President and Gen
eral Solicitor E. D. Kenna and Treasurer !
X Wilder of the Santa Fe Company and ,
Captain C. N. Sterry. solicitor of the
Santa Fe Pacific and Southern California
roads were present at the sales. Only!
two bids were offered for the land, one of :
KOOO and the other of $fir,oo Treasurer
Tvilder made the latter bid and the entire
grant of 1,500,444 acroU was knocked, down ■.
to him. the price paid b.eing less than ,
half a cent per acre. The party leaves to
night for Los Angeles, where the lands
l.cl'iriging to the company in California
will be sold Saturday.
— ♦ —
Plunered Through a Trestle.
. SAN RAFAEL, March 9.— Charles Pa
lachl, a section hand employed on the
Xorth Pacific Coast railroad, was brought
into town to-day on an engine, having
fallen through a trestle near Lagunitas
to the rocky bed of the creek below, a
distance of 45 feet. Palachi was crossing
the trestle and losing hla balance fell be
tween the ties and plunged downward.
He alighted on his feet and received some
bruises, but on examination to-day by Dr.
W. J. Wlckman not a bone in his body
»»« found to have been broken.
REINDEER WILL
HAUL SUPPLIES
Projected Expedition to
Dawson Not Wholly
Abandoned.
Government to Send a Pack
Train Over the Dalton
Trail.
A Relief Station Will Be Established
in the Vicinity of Circle
City.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, March 9.— Official notice
of the Government's abandonment of
its proposed expedition of relief to
Dawson was received to-day in Seattle
by Captain W. W. Sobinson Jr., in the
form of a copy of a telegram sent to
General H. C. Merriam, of the Depart
ment of the Columbia, by Secretary of
War Alger. The notice, while stating
specifically that the relief expedition is
given up, makes provision for the sub
stitution of another expedition, having
practically the same destination in
view, and which, if successful, will
subserve the same purpose.
Food supplies will be taken into the
valley of the Yukon, and they will find
their way in on the backs of Govern-
ment reindeer, tended by Government
employes and led by a United States
officer.
Practically the abandonment of the
original idea of a relief expedition has
resulted in a simple variation of the
plan. Instead of attempting to get
supplies over the Chilkoot Pass and
down the Yukon to Dawson by means
of a mule pack train, the Dalton trail
will be followed and reindeer instead of
mules utilized. Relief will go in just
the same.
The plan now is to divide the herd
of 537 reindeer that arrived in Seattle
Monday nights into two parts. The
greater number— 337— will leave here as
soon as transportation arrangements
can be perfected— probably within a
week— for Pyramid Harbor. Thence
they will proceed over the Dalton trail
to the Yukon River. At some point
in American territory near Circle City j
a relief supply station will be estab- :
lished, under the immediately charge j
of the reindeer expert, William A.
Kjellman, and will in course of time
come under the general management of
the Department of the Interior. The
prime object of the expedition is, as i
has been before stated, to find an all- !
American route to the gold fields, thus j
enabling miners to avoid the details ■
and complications of passing Canadian
customs officers. Until this is accom
plished the reindeer, which go over the j
Dalton trail, will be under the control I
of the War Department.
The remaining 200 reindeer of the
herd will be sent to Prince William
Sound, together with about fifty her -
ens, the native expedition to be under
command of Captain Abercrombie. The
reindeer for the Sound will be selected |
from the finest in the herd, and will j
be maintained under orders from the
War Department.
The second expedition will leave here
for Prince William Sound some time in
May, and will start for the interior of !
Alaska in June. Captain Abercrombie
has been selected to lead because of his
familiarity with the Copper River
country gained in a previous trip of i
exploration. It is expected confidently ;
that an all-American route will be |
found through the Copper River coun- j
try. In order to cover as much terri
tory as possible it is probable that the i
expedition to Prince William Sound will
be subdivided in two parts, each to
work in the same general direction.
Only such attendants as can be util
ized will accompany the latter expedi
tion. The remainder will be shipped to
Lynn Canal to go in by the Dalton
trail. For attendants to go with the
reindeer to Alaska, unmarried men will
be given a preference, though should
any of the Lapland husbands desire to
go in they will be allowed. The men
remaining here with the women and
children will probably be quartered at
Vancouver Barracks and will be ra
tioned from the relief supplies. This
will prevent any waste of store already
purchased by the Government.
In the spring those men, women and
children who did not go with the rein
deer will be sent to St. Michael by
freight boat when navigation opens.
Thosl who have families and go with
the reindeer will be sent from the mili
tary camp to be established near Circle
City down the Yukon to join their fam
ilies at St. Michael. The department
has contracted to furnish subsistence
for the reindeer attendants and will
thus utilize the relief supplies instead
of selling them as at first intended.
A well equipped party will go early in
the spring with provisions for the sub
sistence of those who have already
reached the military camp until they
can be reached with supplies at the j
camp by boat from St. Michael, when
the balance of their provisions for one
year will be sent in.
CRUEL PRACTICAL JOKE
ON A DRUNKEN MAN.
San Jose Hackman Pours Gasoline
in a Companion's Shoe and
Sets It on Fire.
SAN JOSE, March 9.— Frederick Fran
cis, a young Englishman who has been
employed as porter about various sa
loons/ls confined to his room in the Roma
Hotel with a severely burned foot, the
result of a practical joke. Francis was
drunk Saturday night, and a number of
hackmen employed at McCarley s hack
office on Santa Clara street near Third,
began playing all sorts of jokes on the
man. The harmless jokes did not pro
duce much fun. and finally one of th«
number poured a quantity of gasoline in
one of Francis' shoes and set it on fire.
The shoe and sock were instantly a mass
of flames, and before It could be extin
guished the foot from the ankle down
was a mass of burned flesh. The city
physician was summoned and the wounds
dressed. There is no telling how serious
the result may be. The police were noti
fied, but Francis refused to prosecute
the perpetrators of the joke.
GUABDING SETTLERS' BIGHTS.
Loud and De Vries Looking After
the Alaska Public Lands
B 11.
WASHINGTON, March 9.— During
the consideration of the bill relative
to the disposition of public lands and
right of way over the same in Alaska
Representatives Loud and De Vries
said they would object to its considera
tion before it went to conference un
less Chairman Lacey assured them that
full opportunity would be given mem
bers of the House to discuss and offer
amendments to the clause affecting the
rights of settlers, which they now hold
under the existing law. Chairman
Lacey said that as he understood the
same amendments they did not inter
fere with the rights of settlers who
now have clear titles to their lands,
but he assured the California members
that they would be given time for dis
cussion and for the offering of pro
posed amendments.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 10, 1898.
FOUNDER'S DAY
AT PALO ALTO
Faculty and Students Pay
Tribute to Stanford's
Memory.
His Life and Works Reviewed
by Hon. F. E. Spencer of
San Jose.
Mrs. Stanford's Part in Sustaining the
University Also Warmly
Eulogized.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PALO ALTO, March 9.— The members
of the faculty and the students came
together to-night in the chapel to com
memorate the natal day of the revered
founder of the university, Senator Le
land Stanford.
Hon. Francis E. Spencer of San Jose,
president of the Board of Trustees, de
livered the memorial address in which
the life and the great works of the
founder were reviewed. He began by
saying: "It has been well said that
he who has made a blad* wf ?rass grow
where none ever grew before is a pub
lic benefactor. How pre-eminently,
then, is the man entitled to the ap
pellation of benefactor of his kind
whose life has been spent in construct
ing colossal works that minister to the
material use and intellectual advance
ment of his fellow man. Such was the
man whose memory we all delight to
honor."
The speaker then gave the main
events in the life of Senator Stanford
from his birth, seventy-four years ago,
at the village of Watervliet, in the
beautiful Mohawk Valley, until his
death at Palo Alto in 1893. He dwelt
longest on the part which the Governor
played in the construction of the Cen
tral Pacific Railroad and the results of
the undertaking. After telling of how
the idea of railroad building was forced
on his thoughts when he was but a
youth by hearing the feasibility of a
railroad to the Columbia discussed, he
spoke of the inception of the transcon
tinental road idea and thatdifficulties
which beset the carrying o*t of the
scheme. He thought that had not the
civil war occurred and the Government
felt the pressing need of binding the
Northern States together the United
States would never have assisted in the
construction of the road, and the de
velopment of the Pacific Coast would
consequently have been long delayed.
The absenting of the Southern mem
bers from Congress at this time re
moved the greatest obstacle— the ob
structionists who objected to Congress
meddling in such concerns.
He spoke feelingly of the part which
Mrs Stanford has taken in first enter
ing into the ideas of her husband and
then seeing them carried into execu
tion The history of the founding of the
university was also given. To twenty
four trustees, ten of whom have fol
lowed the founder, the three large es
tates—the Palo Alto, Vina and Gridley
—were turned over in trust. A strange
coincidence connected with the
establishment of the university is
that the act of frm- <iat"
proved on March 9. 1885, which was the
anniversary of Senator Stanford's natal
day.
Professor Newcomer then delivered
his memorial ode, written for Memorial
Day, 1893. The musical part of the pro
gramme was well rendered.
BLOODSHED IN
THE KLONDIKE
Charles Leadbetter of Stockton
Killed by Young Hewitt,
a Companion.
The Latter Reported to Have Been
Lynched — They Had Quarreled
Over Rations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, March 9.— Charles Lead
better, well known in this city and coun
ty, is reported to have been killed in
Alaska by one of the Hewitt boys, a son
of M. L. Hewitt. Young Hewitt was also
well known here, and lived with his
parents near Farmington before he left
for the north last summer.
A letter from one of the Drais brothers,
also of Farmington, was received here,
and It is that letter which tells about the
killing of Leadbetter by Hewitt. Ac
cording to the message, the killing and us
consequences were most sensational.
Leadbetter was one of the party that left
for Alaska last summer. When the? got
Into the cold region it Is told vnat Lead
better misappropriated some of the pro
visions, thereby endangering the lives of
the others. A Quarrel ensued, in which
Hewitt shot his companion. Following
that, it is told, a mob seized Hewitt, and
nothing more has been heard of him, al
though that was about two months ago.
Leadbetter was a young man who had
much trouble here. He was arrested sev
eral times for parts he played in various
transactions, and always seemed unset
tled nnancially. He was connected at one
time with the Stanislaus and San Joaquln
Irrigation Company. Young Hewitt Is
said to have been a peaceable man.
SAN JOSE, March 9.— Mrs. Dr. Thomas
Kelly, mother-in-law of Charles H. Lead
better, who is reported to have been shot
at Dawson two months ago by Hewitt
while stealing provisions, says there is no
truth in the story. She says her daughter
had a letter from her husband on March
3, and at that time Leadbetter was still
at jJyea. The letter was written about a
week before. Leadbetter was a member
of the same party as Hewitt and the
Draiss boys, but he and Dr. Thomas
Kelly remained at Dyea while the others
went into the interior of Alaska.
COUNT LEUTFELDT 'VEfIS
MISS EDITH GARNER.
Copyrighted, 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, March 9.— The marriage of
Count Leon yon Moltke Leutfeldt. son of
the former Danish Minister to France, to
Miss Edith Garner, daughter of the late
"William Garner of New York and younger
sister of the Marquise de Bretenil and
Lady Gordon Cummings, was solemnized
yesterday at Christ Church in Pau. Frank
"Lawrence and Marquis de Bretenil were
witnesses for the bride, and Count See
bach and Count yon Moltke, uncle and
brother of the bridegroom, acted for him.
Miss Garner was given away by her un
cle, F. C. Lawrence.
The church was handsomely decorated
with flowers and evergreens and was
filled to its entire capacity. Morris Alfred
de Lassence, F. Lawrence Jr. and Eus
tace Barron acted as ushers.
The brido iooked charming in white
satin, trimmed with point lace. She wore
a long lace veil reaching to the end of her
train and a wreath of orange blossoms,
but no jewels. The bridegroom wore his
uniform as an officer in the Danish navy.
The fee-simile '■_ /-tf y/OjFT~3^ is on every wrapper
signature of C^utX/fff^Zk °* CASTOBIA.
NOT PRESENT
AS PAUPERS
Lively Time at a Meeting
of Monterey Super
visors.
Ex-Mayor Ellert of This City
Resents the District Attor
ney's Remarks.
The Clash Occurs Over an Appropri
ation to Advertise Resources
of the County.
Special Dispatch to The Calr.
SALINAS, March 9.— There was a
lively time in the Board of Supervisors'
room at the courthouse this afternoon.
Ex-Mayor L. R. Ellert of San Fran
cisco, representing the Citizens' Coloni
zation Society, and District Attorney P.
E. Zabala of Monterey County had a
clash. The board was in session and
was discussing the advisability of do
nating a large amount for ihe benefit
of the Salvation Army colony, at Sole
dad.
L. R. Ellert and George D. Squires of
San Francisco. Major Winchell of Sole
dad and Attorney S. F. Geil of this city
appeared before the board and request
ed that the action of the board in Feb
ruary in allowing $1000 for the Spledad
colony and made payable to the citi
zens' colonization committee be re
scinded, \\hich by an unanimous vote
was done.
Mr. Squires then presented a resolu
tion which he requested the board to
adopt. The resolution provided that
the board set aside $1000 for the pur
pose of advertising the county and
that the Treasurer be instructed to pay
the amount to L. R. Ellert, chairman
of the committee. Mr. Squires said he
had been informed that if the order
was made payable to Mr. Ellert there
would be no objection raised to paying
the amount.
District Attorney Zabala was pres
ent, and upon being shown the resolu
tion told the board it was very plain
that much care had been taken in the
preparation of the paper in order to
get the money out of the treasury, but
that if the board persisted in passing
such a resolution he would use his ut
most endeavor to prevent the parties
getting hold of the money; that he did
not consider it a fair proposition and
would not sit idly by and see the money
go in that way; that during his seven
years' incumbency of the office he had
never before had occasion to exercise
his prerogative of opposing any appro
priation advocated by the Board of Su
pervisors, and that he very much re
gretted having to do so now.
Mr. Ellert took exceptions to the re
marks of the District Attorney. He in
formed the 4>oard that they were not
present as paupers, but asked the
money for the benefit of the colony.
He said it was evident to him that the
District Attorney did not know what
he was talking about, which brought
forth an angry retort.
A heated discussion followed and the
measure was finally laid over.
Last month the Board of Supervisors
donated $2000 for the benefit of the col
ony, $1000 to be paid immediately and
the balance in sixty days. Attorney
Zabala brought an injunction to re
strain the board Tom paying the
amount, and Judge l>orn sustained the
suit.
STRANGE BABY
ON HER HANDS
Embarrassing Predicament of
a Young Lady Traveling
to Sacramento.
Held the Child at a Stntion for Its
Mother, to Whom It Is Finally
Restored.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, March 9.— A party of
three, bound for the East, boarded No.
50 at Oroville this morning. One of the
ladies of the party had a little baby only
a few weeks old. Among thf other pas
sengers was a young lady who was
bound for Sacramento and who occupied
the next seat.
During 1 the ride to Marysville an ac
quaintance sprang up between the young
lady and the mother. The party of three
left the train at Marysville with the in
tention of buying tickets and taking No.
12 for Roseville. The young lady volun
teered to hold the baby while the mother
was purchasing tickets.
No. 50 does not tarry very long in
Marysville, and when it was just about
pulling out Conductor Irwin noticed the
yound lady standing on the platform.
He inquired if she did not have a Sacra
mento ticket, and, receiving an affirma
tive answer, directed her to get aboard
without delay.
The mother of the little babe was not
in sight, and the young lady was so be
wildered that she did not have the pres
ence of mind to tell the conductor about
the predicament she was in. She clam
bered aboard with the baby in her arms,
and the train was at full speed before
she recovered her speech.
The situation was decidedly embarras
sing. She. did not fancy the idea of mak
ing the trip to Sacramento with a strange
baby on her hands. To make the matter
more serious some of the passengers sug
gested that the real mother might have
adopted this plan of getting rid of her
baby.
Fortunately, the little one had a bottle
of fresh milk, and it had plenty of
nourishment, and was comparatively
quiet during the remainder of the jour
ney. When the train arrived at Sacra
mento railroad officials had a telegram'
from the mother at Marysville, and they
relieved the young lady of her charge.
No. 12 did not leave Marysville until some
time after No. 5J reached Sacramento.
The baby was forwarded on the overland
train and was restored to its anxious
mother at Roseville.
Nominations Confirmed.
WASHINGTON, March 9.— The Senate
to-day conflrmeu these nominations:
J. B. Holland, naval officer at Phila
delphia; \V. U Avery of Montana, Con
sul at Belize, British Honduras.
To be Registers of the Land Office: W.
A. Merrill at Lamar, Colo.; C. N. Valen
tine, at FarKO, N. Dak.; L,. Stover at
Watertown, S. Dak.
To be receiver of public moneys: J.
C. Martin of rrescott. Ariz.
To be Collector of Customs: W. W.
Bowers of San Diego. Cal.
To be Surveyor of Customs: W. H.
Buehle, St. Joseph, Mo.
To be United States Attorney: E. A.
Rosier, eastern district of Missouri.
To be Marshals: L. C. Hohle, eastern
district of Missouri; T. H. Backer, west
ern district of Tennessee; J. W. Overall,
middle district of Tennessee.
Postmasters: Washington— A. A. M.l
ler, Pullman. 2<«evada— A. I. Harrison,
Delmar. California— D. R. Hunter, Liver
more; G. W. Francis, Napa; E. C. Mr-
Bride. Dixon. Oregon— W. A. Frater,
Roseburg. Montana— D. J. Tallant,
Great Falls; A. J. Fisk, Helena.
ABSORBS THE
CORPORATION
Thrifty President of a
Klondike Transporta
tion Company.
Stockholders File a Suit to Re
strain Him From Freezing
Them Out.
An Invaluable Wagon Road. From
Skaguay to the Lakes at
Stake.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, March 9.— A sensational
suit was filed in the Superior Court
to-day. It involves the affairs and of
ficers of the Skaguay and Yukon Trans-
portation and Improvement Company.
The principal complainant is one of
the stockholders, J. H. Acklin, of Nash
ville, who for years was Congressman
from the State of Tennessee. He and
other stockholders pray for the ap
pointment of a receiver for the com
pany.
It is alleged in the complaint that
George A. Brackett, who is president
and trustee of the company, has con
spired with the railroad magnates.
James J. Hill and Sir William Van
Horn, as Avell as other parties, to ab
sorb the rights of the company, which
was organized for the building of a
wagon road from Skaguay to the lakes.
Considerable money was raised and
work was commenced. Then Brackett
organized the Brackett trading post
and matters became complicated. It is
now charged that by reason of his
scheming Brackett is working the road
enterprise for his individual benefit and
will soon absorb it. It is claimed that
the road is about completed, and that
during the ensuing months the tolls
thereon will probably amount to several
hundred thousand dollars.
What is desired more particularly at
present is to have Brackett restrained
from filing plans and surveys at Wash
ington, D. C, in view of improvements
made by the company, but which he
proposes to file for his own benefit. A
lengthy legal contest will no doubt fol
low. Mr. Brackett was formerly Mayor
of Minneapolis.
HOUSE PROCEEDINGS.
Senate's Free-Homestead Clause Ex
cites Opposition.
WASHINGTON, March 9.— The House
devoted itself to routine business to-day.
The executive, legislative and judicial
appropriation bill went through its last
stages in the adoption of the final con
ference report, and the remainder of the
day was consumed in the consideration of
the Senate amendment to the Indian ap
propriation bill. The substitute for the
Senate provision regarding the opening
of the Uncompahgre reservation was
knocked out on a point of order, and the
amendment goes back to conference.
The desire of the conferees to non
concur in the Senate free homestead
clause encountered bitter opposition, and
an arrangement was made whereby four
hours are to be devoted to debate a
proposition to concur submitted by Eddy
of Minnesota. Sherman, chairman of the
Indian Committee, declared that the
free homestead provision would cost the
Government $55,000,000. He desired to
eliminate it from the bill, and has the
support of the Secretary of the Interior.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales 0ver6, 000,000 Boxes
FOB BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISOEDEKS
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach.
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of i Heat. Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
HEECHAM'S PILLS, taken as direct-
ed. will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure sick Headache* For a
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have the -
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine In the World*
25c. at all Drug Stores.
S-A.FH3 PAST STEAMER
HUMBOLDT
Will Sail Sunday P. M., March 13, for
DYEA And
SKAGUAY
DIRECT.
Receive freight Thursday, Friday, Saturday.
Pier No. 3, Washington st. Wharf.
JOHN A. MAGEE JR.,
Agent, 310 Clay St.
000000000000000000
%™* PALACE *•"'?%
2 GRAND HQTELgo.
•Z ■■■' SAN FRANCISCO. Q
° Connected by a covered passageway. .**,
° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. O
O All Uxdkr One Management. ©
q • NOTE THE PRICES: Q
a European Plan. SI.OO per day and upward ft
•* American Plan . *3. OO per day and upward V
Q Correspondence Solicited. ' O
q JOHN C. KIREPATRICK, Manager. ; q
ooqooooooo oo o o o 000
r% m V/ or FADED HATR KKSTORED to
f* 17 «» If T>iiithliil color and beauty by DR.
VA «\ 1+ ■■■■■•' HAYS' HAIR HKALTH. Re-
moves dandruff and »calp <ll»ea«e. Don', stain
•kin CoTers BALD spot*. Ab*r>lutelr harmless.
iXrire bottles HO cents, at drnsglgt*. Ketili agents, :
DR.MCNDLTY.
n^Hrs WKEX-KKOWH and reliable or.n
•A. Specialist cure* l*rlvatP,Nprvoas,r.;<ifKliind iSktii
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
SO years' experience. . Send for Book, free. ■ Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, Bto 8
da!ly;6:3o toB.3ocv'its. Sundays, 10 to 12. ConßUlta-
clou free and sacredly confident!!*'. ; fail or address .
" P. ROSCOE itfcWErl/TV, M. I>., ; •
9QX K«i»rii7Mrt«t. San t'r»ncU«iH r»i -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
flllL <W^^S WHERE GAME IS PLENTIFUL? I
■■P^^li Winchester Repeating Rifle
giy j 'mi *7^c^v^*tt^HXrii .''"'!'
I S^L j Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
]t ■ V / : 4? J^ll 418 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
ft was the storekeeper" at~"a little lowa town who
reTated that the first he ever heard of Ripans Tabules
was from a runner for a Burlington house, who gave him
a few. " I had been telling him that I had been a pro-
nounced victim of dyspepsia for several years, when he
took from his pocket a small vial, saying : * Here is what
you want.' Well, from that it came about that I began
to use Ripans Tabules. It may be that I would have
got well anyway, but of this lam certain : I have not
been troubled at all with dyspepsia during the last year."
EAXLE.OAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot oS Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAlt RAFAEL.
WEEK ■ DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. : 12:25,
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra, trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m. , „
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. S:W,
6:00, 6:20 p. m. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.:
12-45 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— trip*
at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
Between San^Franclsco and Schuetxen Park
tame schedule as above.
L.eavo I -i n *■ Arrive
San Francisco. on 2i San Francisco.
W^l^un. De9 a on J^ | W^
7:Soa.m. 8:00 a.m. ' 'Novato, 10:40 a.m.) 8:40 a.m.
8:30j».m. 9:30 a.m. Fetal'ima. , ti:lop.tn.|lo:2oa.m.
5:10 p.m. 5 :UUp.m. 1 Sant;i Rosa, i 7 :35p.m. | « :23p.m.
Sdop.m. Fulton. " - :10:25a.n,
i Windsor, 110:25 a.m.1 10:25a.m.
7 30a.m. ! Hialdsburgr,
"Lytton.
i Geyservllle,
!6:0na.m.l Clovt:rd.ile. 7:35 p.m. :22p.m.
j '■ lHopland audi
7 :30 a.m. 11 8 -00a. m. 1 Ukiah. | 7:35 p.m. :22Dm
7 :30 a.m. 1 ' 1 ]~~ 10:23 a.m.
8:00 a.m. GuernevlUe 7:35 p.m.
8:30 p.m. I . __| 6:220._ m.
J-.SUam. i(J :00a.m.] Sonoma 1 10 :40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
and
6:10 p.m. 15 :00 p.m. Glen Ellen. I 6:10p.m. 1 6:22 p.m.
7^oa.m.|B :ooa.m. I gebaatcDoL |10:<0a.m.]10:25a.m.
3:30 p.m. ;5 :00p.m. I beDa3tcpo '' I 7 :35 p.m. i 7:2ap.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa lor Mark West
Fprlngs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Soda Bay,
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs: at Ukiah for
Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes,
Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Boonville.
Oit'b Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort
Pragsr Westport, Usal. -~'
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at r»-
< On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— 6so Market street, Chronicle
bU A ! d wf FOSTER. ' H. X. RYAN.
Fres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
ffp===gi] CALIFORNIA
S^^^f^; LIMITED.
ifiSßßiiil SAN FRANCISCO
;«giii&a^yaP3i ghscago.
- Leaves San Francisco at 4:30. p. m.
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR, -
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers.
3% days to Chicago, 4V4 days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m.. carrying Pullman '
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on.
fast time. * Direct connection In Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office. 644 Market
ttreet. Chronicle building. Telephone Main
1520. Oakland office, 1118 Broadway. Sacra-
mento office. 201 J street. San Jose, 1 West
£anta Clara street. ■ ;. _^_
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, Commencing September
i . 19. 1897. -
WEEK DAYS. ; Vi
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »7:2s, 1:39,
11:30 a. m.; '1:45, 3:45, *5:15, 6:00. 6:30 p. m.
Extra - trips for San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
:-; SUNDAYS. ■
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •10.00,
•11:30 a. m.; »1:15. 3:00, *4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
J -25 a. m. week days f orCazadero and way sta- •
tions- 1-45 p.,m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
Duncan Mills and way stations; 8:00 a. m.
Sundays for Point .Reyes and way stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
■ (Via Sausalito Ferry).
Leave San . Francisco, commencing Novem-
i ber 13. 1597: .- ■■.;.; .; . :'
Week — 9:30 a. m., 1:45 p. m. •
Bundays— B:oo, 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1.15 p. m.
• Hound trip from Mill Valley. • 11. -_
THOH. , COOK & i SON. Agent*. 621 Uarkat
street. Bap • *"»<■"•"•«"».
BAILB.OAD TBAVEI^ ]
HOlTlli.l'..> I'AVIFIC COJIPAHT.
(I'ACiriC SYSTEM.)
Train* Icktc mxl me <••<«• In nrrlf« ••
SAN riUHCIW*.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street) l±
tßAvr — From January l."13S8. — arrtv
•«:v ' a Niks. San Jose and Way Stations... •*:-«.■**,
7:Ot»A. Bccicia, Suisun and Sacramento 10:43*. -
7:OOa Marysvilie, Orotilleand Redding via "
Woodland.. • » 1- P
7:00 a Vacaviilo and Eumscy ai+*te
7:3ua Martinez, Sau Ramon. Vallejo. If a pa,
C'alistoga and Santa Rosa.. «sl3p
8:OOa Atlanti.- ilipresa, Og-len and Kaat.. 8:4»P
»>:iOa Kilts, .Sau . .losi.-. . .Stockton, lone. .
Sacramento, iFitrysvllle, Chico,
TenamaacdltolliliifT 4 »'5 P
•8:3Oa Peters, Milton and Oak'lale "*:lsp
. 1):UOa New Orleans Kxpreaa, Merced, Ray- ■; v .= -''■
.:.'." 1 • mond, I'resno, lJakers!!cl<l, Bant*
l!:iib;u:i, I .os Angeles, DerainK,
El I'oho, New Orleans and East. 6i45f
»:OOa Vallejo. Martinez. Merced and
Fresno 12:15?
•l:OOp Sacramento River Stouniein -l»:(»Op
1 :OOp NUls. .San Jcso ar J Way Stations. . l»: I»A
1 t3Op Martinez ami Way Stations 7:13p
2:OOp Lircrmorc, Mendote, llanford and
VisaUa.... •••• 4:15-?
, Liverwort. San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations |10i13\
«:««!• Martinet, Han lianion, Vallejo,
Napu, <!aliKt,<)ga, Xl Vcrvuio ami
Hanta 9*l* *
<:OVi- B. i.ici.i. VacoTille, Wo o <11 an d ,
Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
villo and Suc-riiiiieiito 18:48 a
4i3Or Ni'.es, San Jose, Trc.cy and Stcckton .. 7ilsf
4i3Op Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
Fresno. Mcjivo (for Randsburg),
Santa liarliara anil l.os Angelus.. 7«43a.
4iXOp Kanta »c Iteute, Atlantic Impress
for Mojavo an.l Kast 0:45p
*[3:30p "Sunset Limited." Loa Angeles, El
Paso, Fort Worth, Little ltock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East §10:15*.
"Sunset Limited Annex," El Paso.
New Orleans and East §!•:
O:O«r r.iiropcnn Mail, Ogtlon and l^ast.... ©:43a,
OiOOr llsinr.u.l- NiKsun.l Han .lose 7:45 a.
l«:O«H- Vallejo t7:45r
S:l>Oi- Oregon Kxpross,, Sacramento, Marys-
villo. Iff il.li.ig. Poitlaml, I'nL'ft . „._ t,
Humid ami Hast 8»13*.
SAN J,KAM»KO AMI HAIWAKIK HJCAI,.
(Foot, of ilarket Street.) ;
"i^CIOOA-l ( .2;:13l
S:0Oa JHelrosc, Seminary Park, «*J* : i2*
loJooa KUchburg, Klmhuret, ,V!«i
tlI:OOA Sail liPan<lro, South San 1 ? ! l^
tl«:OOM Urn**% litndillo, Islix*
ihVtiop Lorenzo, (UerrT < g»«g
4:00p . <5:45p
5:00p an<l i «'«»^
5:3«p HajnanlH.
7:<lOp , 8«45r
S:OOP < Rnns through to Niles. l tn'iul
«ti»",tSp; tyroMSUw - W&SS?
COWr IHVInION (Narrow (-.ange).
■- ■ (Foot of Market Street.) ■
•nilA Newark, CenUT»i!l<!,Siiii. lose. Felton,
Creek, Cruz and Way _
Stations •••••>
•Silßp Newark, ntcr»ille, San .lose, New
Alniailcn, l-'elton, Hoiudcr Creek.
Santa Cruz an.l Principal »T..-__
Stations .'.-•". •■•«*•*
«tl3r Newark, Hun Jose and Los Gatos ... »:3O*.
tllx4Bp Hunters' Excursion. Sao Jose and _
Way Stations :...... j^aop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromSAN FIUNCISCO— root of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7 15 . 9:00 11:00 A.M. JltfO "2:00 (3:08
•1:00 JB:OO :*6:oop.u.
fr«m OAIUND— root or Broadway.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
112:00 •1:00 t2:00 ''3:00 . ti:CO «j:oor.n.
' COAST IU VISION (Broad ti.iuge).
' (Third and Townsend Sta.)
Gi3sa San Jose ami. Way -Stations (New „
Aluiadcn Wednesdays only) •:OOA
!>:OO\ Sun 1.h... 'ires riiios, Si.uta (-'rur,
Tucilic «3io»o. l'aso Hubloa, San
Luis Oliispo, Guadalupe, Surf and . -,
lVincipal Way Stations : .l xl ?' -
IO:4Oa Sau .los« ami Way Stations.. •§ :OOa
Il:3Va San Jose ami Way Stations ....... 8:3»A. ;
•2-.:tOi> San Mat'o, Redwood, Menlo Park, ; :,\.
Santa Clara, San Jose, Gilroy,
Hollister, Santa Crur.. Salinas, m
Monterey »tnl Pacific (hove •I.O:4Oa.
•:i:lsp San .lose awl Principal Wny Stations *» ! »2*
•4i1.1i- San Jose an.! Principal Way Stations s>:l
•5»00p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 1 : JOp
S:3(lp San .lose ami Principal \. ..y .Stations »'««»
«::iOi' San Jose an.l Way 5tati0n5......... . 7:ai»p
<11;45f San Jose an.l Way 5tati0n5.......... .:2Or
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Snndavs ercepted. ■ } Sundays only, t Saturdays oulf.
ft Monday, Thursday and Satur.laj uighU onlj. . ■
5 Mondays and Thursdays. ". ' ,-;,- .
_ | Wednesdays and Saturdays. . _'\
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY, j
. From September 10, 1897. trains will run m
follows : •-.;-. ,:-.■-■ - ■■'-■■ "■ .
- Southbound. ! - . j. Northbound. ; ', ;
~Pasßea- Mixed statlon3 . i Mixed t Passat
<rer Sunday i^""" 3 -- Sunday i. gee ■•;
Dally. Exc'p'td;— — — — Exc'p'td Daily
7:20 a.m. -9:00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 5:41) p. m.
. 8:10 a.m. 12:60 p.m. , Merced 12:50 p.m. 3:53 p.m.
]U:4oa.ui. 3:50 p.m.- Fresno ••. J:ooa.m. .2:20 p.ra
11:40 a.m. 5:20 p.m. Han ford ..:45 a.m.' 1:13 p.m>'
Villa pan. 6:45 p.m. Visaila ' 6:40 a.m. 12:40 p.m -
Stopping at intermediate po Inta wnen require-l
~ Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of .
C. N. & '-' I- Co., leaving San ' Francisco and ,
. Stockton -at 6 p. m. : daily; at :• Merced , with .
stages to and from Snellings. Coultervllle. etc.;
also with stage for Horn!to9. Maripoaa. etc; •
■at Lankershim with stage to and from Mader*.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver steadier.
Wheat shows more tone.
Barley unsettled.
Other oereais quiet.
Hay and Feedstuffs unchanged.
Pink Beans lower.
] Latoes and Onions steadier.
Rhubarb lower. *
Butter and Cheese off again.
Eggs in large supply.
Poultry and Game dull.
Oranges working oft" rather better.
Provisions still dull.
Mexican Limes declined.
Mutton easier. Hogs lower.
Increased receipts of Wine and Brandy.
Decreased exports of Specie.
Exchange lower again.
EXPORTS OF SPECIE.
Exports of Specie from this port thus far this
year amount to $11,458,800. against $13,423,200
during the same time last year, chiefly as fol
lows: Silver bullion. $713,700; Mexican dollars,
sWiOO- gold coin. $10.0.-2.000. Of these ship
?£n ts China ■ok $1,227,850. India ?101,000
Honolulu 07.000, Central America $23,000 and
New York $H>.003.444.
RECEIPTS OF WINE AND BRANDT.
Receipts of Wine and Brandy at this port
during the first two months of the year were
as follow*, compared with the same time in
1897: Of Wine. 3.068.000 gallons, against 1,943,
000; of Brandy. 74,930 gallons, against 41,440.
QUICKSILVER TRADE.
Receipts of Quicksilver at this port during
the first two months of the year were 3877
flasks, against 243S In the same time last year.
The exports were 751 flasks, valued at $2.,024,
against 909 flasks at $31. 1 PS in IS'- 1 ".
GOLD COIN MOVEMENT.
The movement of Gold Coin at San Fran
cisco for the first two months of the year was
as follows:
Paid for duties M'i^Hfi*
Exported 10.0..2.26S
Withdrawn •- **.gMgj
Coined January 1 to February 28 7.50j,000
L-ss to local circulation * I'UeMvS
Loss in 1897 • •••••••• 6,. SLOW
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at :tatlon indicate maximum temperature
for the days; those underneath It, If any, the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow in inches
and hundredths during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal :
air pressure: Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pit Ml and Is usually accompanied !
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres- i
sure and Is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high In the interior and low j
■ long the coast, and the isobars extend north i
and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is Im
probable. With a "high" In the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali- ;
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The i
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, March 9, 5 p.m.
Following are the rainfalls for the past j
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to j
date, as compared with those of the same date j
last season:
Past This Last ■
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season. ■
Eureka 0 26.83 40.60
Rod Bluff 0. 12.07 22.53
Sacramento 0 8.55 10.3< I
San Francisco 0 7.45 20.68 i
Fresno 0 3.46 9.25 i
San Luis Oblspo 0 6. 1 d 19. j
Los Angeles Trace 4.30 16.08-
San Diego Trace 3.18 10.91 j
Tuma 0 1.27 5 31 :
• San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 53; j
minimum. 4S; mean. 50.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL |
FORECASTS. •
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the j
•out hern half of the Pacific slope. It has risen !
<>ver Northern Montana, Assinaboia and Mani
toba. An area of low pressure lies over Ari- [
zona. Southern Nevada and Southeastern Call- ;
• fornla. A wave of falling pressure has moved j
from Idaho southwestward In an unusual
course. During the past twelve hours the
pressure has fallen about three-tenths of an
inch over Eastern California.
The temperature has fallen over all the Pa
cific slope, except In Northern Washington.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Portland, 26 miles per hour from the
northwest: Red Bluff. 30 north; Carson. 36
west: Eureka, 44 northwest: Yuma, 26 west.
Cloudy weather prevails over Southern Cali
fornia and Arizona. Light showers are re
ported at Los Angeles, San Diego and Phoenix.
Conditions are favorable for colder weather
over the southwestern portion of the Pacific I
slope.
Northwest storm signals are displayed along j
the coast from Point Reyes northward to Eu
reka.
• Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, March 10, 1S98:
Northern California— Fair Thursday; contin
ued cold: fresh northerly wind. .
Southern California— Cloudy Thursday: con
tinued cold weather; fresh northerly wind.
Nevada — Fair Thursday; continued cold.
Utah— Fair Thursday.
. Arizona — Cloudy and unsettled Thursday;
continued cold. ..
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday; j
■fresh northerly winds. . .
Special report from Mount Tamalpais. taken j
at 5 p. m.— Clear; wind north, 24 miles per
hour; temperature, 48: maximum, 55.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, March Trading on the Stock
Exchange was listless all day, with the excep
tion of an early burst of activity. There were
buying orders at the opening and there was the
additional incentive of a sharp recovery In
Americans on the London Exchange, so that
the ivofessional traders who were seeking the
vulnerable points in the armor of the bear con
tingent succeeded in bidding up prices to un
cover margins of some of the shorts. The re
sulting scramble to ( cover caused the \ rise.
■which was most marked In the specialties, 1 but
which extended up to a point also on the rail
way list. One important failure resulted from
the squeeze of shorts. Attar Che reduction of
the short interest prices Bagged; with only oc
casional slight Interruptions during the re
mainder of the day. In the late dealings the
level of the market had fallen practically to
last night's level, but a hardening at the close
resulted In a small gain throughout the list.
The progress of a periodical settlement 611 the
London Exchange caused some buying here for
that account. The feverish undertone of the
foreign markets was. however, more r,V less
reflected here. The weakness of foreign ex- |
changes, on reports of internal trouble In Bra- i
zil, also had Its Influence in unsettling the i
local stock markets. Reallilng In New York
Central after the declaration of the regular
quarterly dividend had a depressing influence
on the list. The continued engagement of gold
for import had no Influence, in view of the ■
hardness at the money rates, the stiffening
time loans and the Increased actions of tenders '
on mercantile paper, both here and at other
domestic centers. Foreign exchange continued
weak the actual rate for demand sterling fall
ing to $4 V 3 T » aiid the posted rates being re
duced %c, both for long and short sterling.
This was In spitf- of a stiffening of the dis
count rate in London, which was, however, re
flected in a rise of sterling exchange both at
Paris and Berlin.
The bond market fell Into dullness to-day and
there were some recessions from early prices,
but the tone was firmer than that In stocks.
Tttal sales, $1,490,000.
United States new 4's registered advanced
lV»c; do coupons and the old 4's registered, ie,
the old 4"s coupons %c and the s's *«c bid.
NEW TORK. March -p.— Hazard Freres an
nounce that they have $750. "00 additional In gold
engaged for import. Hackard & i 'o. have $800.
000 In gold in transit from France. Total of
present movement. $12,775,000.
Total sales of stocks to-d:iy, 232,500 shares. In
cluding: Atchison preferred. 4554; C. and 0..
M6O; Burlington. 23,0*;; Manhattan, 14.99.1;
Metropolitan. 3440; New York Central. 9064:
Northern Pacific. 7720: do preferred, 11.150;
Rock Island. 7598: St. Paul. 23.4&T: Unton Pa
cific. 3355; Tobacco. 11,990; People's Gas, D 150;
American Sugar, 39,62£.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison "S St P & Om 70
Do prof 26»i Do pref l. r .O
BaJttmore & Ohio 17 St PM & M 128
Canada Pacific ..SI So Pacific lb_
Canada Southern. 43 So Railway i»
Cent Pac 12H Do pref 27',,
Ches & Ohio .... 19% I Texas & Pacific .. 10%
CM & Alton 155 Union Pacific ... 27V*
Chi B & Q 82-4IU P D & G 8
Chi & E 111 64 |Wabash B}4
C C C 4 St L,... 29 ; Do pref l^K
Do pref 77% Wheel & L E.... IS
Del & Hudson.... 10.1% i Do pref 9%
Del L & W IGOVi! Express Companies-
Den & R G 11 jAdams Ex 102
Do pref 45H American Ex 123
Erie (new) 12% j United States .... 42
Do let pref 35%: Wells Fargo 116
Ft Wayne 169 Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor pref 151 A Cot Oil 17
Hocking Val .... 6Vi i Do pref 70
Illinois Cent S9St Ama Spirits 7%
Lake Erie & W.. 13% Do pref 19
Do pref 6* 1 * Am Tobacco 92
I-ske Shore ISS Do pref 113
Louis & Nash .... 61 People's Gas .... 91%
Manhattan L .... mi%!Cons Gas ISI%
Met St Ry 143 jCom Cable Co 17 r .
Mich Cent 104<4 Col F & 1r0n.... ISM
Minn & Bt L 26%! Do pref 78
Do Ist pref 85 !Gen Electric 31
Mo Pacific 26Vi IlHlnols Steel .... 47
Mobile & Ohio.. 27% Laclede Gas 41
MoKiT 11 Lead 31
Do pref 34% Do pref IW4
Chi Ind & L 74 Nat Lin Oil 15
Do pref 28 Or Imp Co 25%
N J Central V2>4 Pacific Mall 26
N T Central .... 111% Pullman Pal 175
N T Chi & St L.. 12% Silver Cert 54^
Do Ist pref 63 I Stand R & T 3%
Do 2d pref 80% Sugar 12.1%
Nor West 13 Do pref Ill 1 *
No Amer Co .... 5% TC & Iron 20%
No Pacific 22% lU 6 Leather .... 6%
Do pref 60 7 % Do pref 60%
Ontario & W.... 14% D S Rubber 16%
Or R & Nay 45 Do pref 65%
Or Short Line ... 29V4 West I'nion 86%
Pittsburg 1«9 Chi G W 119%
Reading 18 I Do pref 175
Do Ist pref .... *0% St L & S W 4
Rock Island 84% Do pref 9%
St L & S F S% R G W 23
Do Ist pref 56U Do pref 57
Do 2d pref .... 25% Chi G W IOV4,
St Paul 91% i Haw Com Co 30
Do pref 14.-.',
CLOSING BONDS.
CJ S new 4s reg .. 123 NJC 5s 112
Do coup 123 N Carolina 6s .. 123
US 48 11"% Do 4s 103
Do coup Ill 1 * No Pac lsts 113
Do 2ds 9R% Do Ss 60
VS 5s reg 11«4 Do 4s 94%
Do 5s coup .... Ill 1 * NYC& St L 4s. 104
District 3 6:>s 117 Nor & WCs 125
Ala class A 108% Northwstrn cons. 144
Do 3 107 Do deb 5s 117%
Do C 10(3 IO Nay lsts 115
Do Currency ..100 lO Nay 4s 94%
Atchison 4s &0% O S Line 6s tr . . 121
Do adj 4s 58% O S Line 5s tr .. 101
Can So 2ds 107% O Imp lsts tr.... 10S
Chi Term 4s 83 Do 5s tr 56V
C & Ohio 3s 115 Pacific 6s of 95.... 103
C H & D 4%5.... 104% Reading 4s 82%
D & R G lsts.... 110 RG W lsts Sl%
D & RG 4s 94 SL & I M C ss. 90
East Term lsts ..107 IS L & S F G 65.. 119
Erie Gen 4s 69%|St P Con 141
F W & D lsts tr. 70 |St PC & P lsts.. 121^4
Gen Elec .'a 101 V* ! Do 5s 116
G H & S A 65... 1045 So Ry 5s 90%
Do 2ds 104 Stand R& T 65.. 56
H & T C 5s 110 |Term new set 35.. 85
Do con 6b 105 jT & P L G lstß.. 99
lowa C lsts 100 I Do Rg 2ds 33%
Kan P Con tr... 102 iU P D 4 G lsts.. 55
X Pac Ist DD tr. 131% I Web Ist 5s 106%
La new cons 45.. 100 j Do 2ds 77
L& N Uni 4s .... 87 W Shore 4s 109%
Missouri 6s 100 iVa Centuries .... 68%
M X & T 2d5.... CO%! Do deferred .... 4
Do 4s 87% ! V P pref 51 V;
N J Central lsts.. 116 ; Do 4s 92%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 22' Ontario 2 50
Crown Point .... 20]Ophtr 40
Con Cal & Va.... 72; Plymouth 08
Deadwood 75 ; Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry.. 13 Do pref 200
Hale & Norcrs.. 1 30 Sierra Nevada .. 95
Homestake 87 00 ! Standard 170
Iron Silver 40 < t'nion Con 30
Mexican 2C ' Yellow Jacket .. 20
BOSTON.
BOSTON, March 9.— Atchison. 11 V. Bell Tel
ephone, 252; Burlington. 92Vi ; Mexican Cen
tral, 5^4; Oregon Short Line, 29V4-
CONDITION OF THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. March 9.— To-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance. $224541,637; gold re
serve. *168,553,179.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 9.— The Evening Posfs
London financial cablegram says: To-day's
settlement of the stock market here revealed a
comparatively small account, owing to recent
liquidations, and. considering the dearness of
money, contangoes were fairly light. This was
most noticeable in Americans where the con
tangoes were s<gs>>£ per cent. The settlement
in Americans shows that the result of the
heavy liquidations, and the account is either
smaller than for months past or else the stock
has gone into much stronger hands. At the
same time the recent shake-out was so severe
that undoubtedly the next Initiative will have
to come from New York. A weakness in the
bull account was disclosed In Grand Trunk,
where the contangoes were as high as 20 per
cent. The general tone In all the markets was
better and calmer to-day, but the close was
under the best. The shrewdest financiers here
look for no immediate recovery In the best
investment stocks, because of dear money, but
it is believed that speculation may revive after
the floating of the Chinese and other loans.
Gold Is still being bought for export at New
York. There was a sharp fall In Brazilian
stocks at the close. Exchange is down 6 per
cent. There were rumors that a Brazilian house
,In Paris had failed. Private cables report a
suspension of business In Bombay in conse
quence of riots.
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific, 86V* : Grand Trunk, 7%:
Money, 2% per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, March 9.— FLOUR— Receipts,
24,265 barrels; exports, 5318 barrels. Steady,
but without buyers; Minnesota patents, $5 25®
5 SO; winter straits. $4 so<J?4 70.
WHEAT — Receipts, 11,100 bushels: exports.
113,475 bushels. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, $1 08, f.
o. b., afloat to arrive. Options opened
advance on higher cables, but were later In
fluenced by reactions abroad. The afternoon
feature was a sharp advance on large export
transactions, and bullish Missouri crop news
followed by realizing and an unsettled close
at %(&%c net advance, latter on distant
months. No. 2 rod March closed $1 06V6; May,
$1 W~,t<sf\ 01 7-16; closed, $1 01.
WOOL— Weak; fleece, 17Mt<5'23M:c: Texas, ny,
HOPS— Steady.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
The mrtaJ market has shown some irregu
larity to-day with business on a very moder
ate scale. At the close the metal exchange
PlGlßON— Warrants, unchanged at $6 75 bid
and $6 S5 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at 111 87^ bid
and $12 asked.
TlN— Steady. $14 30 bid: *14 GO asked.
SPELTER— Firm. $4 25 bid, »4 35 asked.
LEAD— Barely steady. J3 SO bid, $3 85 asked.
The firm that fixes the settling price for
miners and smelters quotes load at $3 65.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, s(<j>lo points
net decline: sales. 14.000 baps. Including:
March 16 30. Spot coffee — Rio, weak; No. 7
invoice. 6c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6V4c. Mild, steady;
a. 8%®16c.
SUGAR-Raw. refining. 4%c; centrifugal, 9«
tp.=t. 4 l-l«rr. Refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 7780 packages. Steady;
' Western creamery. 15@20c; Elgins, 20c: factory.
114f15c.
EGGS— Receipts. 14,100 packages. Steady;
I State and Pennsylvania, ll#12c: Western, lie;
i Southern, 10%iJll«\
" DRIED FRUITS.
1 CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUlTS— Steady;
i good demand. Evaporated apples, common, fi@
i 8c: prime wire tray. " BH"7 B%c: wood dried,
■ prime. S^@S%c: choice, B*i®9c; fancy, 9H@loc.
• PRUNES-3V3«Sc. .
APRICOTS— Royal, &%@7c; Moorpark, B%®
10c. , .. ■ - '• ......
I PEACHES— Unpeeled, s@9c; peeled. $12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. March 9.— Everything In the
Wheat pit . showed strength at the opening,
July starting >4i%c higher- at 91>,;@31?4e. and
May %@VsC higher at $1 03©l OWi- The only
apparent reason was the firmness in European
markets,' both Liverpool and • Paris -showing
good advances. Local news was, however, al
together bearish st first, and influenced by this
fact and the desire to realize on the opening
advance, | traders Bold • enough to j knock prices
down very quickly. ■-. The more pacific aspect of
affairs In Europe evidenced by the higher Brit
ish consols : undoubtedly also affected traders.
The market for July and May as a consequence
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THLRSBAT, MARCH 10, 1898.
became weak. The usual long period of dull
ness followed, which was In itself a weaken
ing factor. May getting down to $1 04U and
July to 90% c. Missouri State crop report figures
showed a very low.' condition of winter Wheat
and caused some Interest to be taken in Sep
tember and December. After 11 o'clock the
market began to revive all around. About noon
large export sales at Baltimore for shipment
to France started good buying, which became
fairly heavy when large flour clearances from
Newport News was reported. In the last few
minutes a general realizing, movement set in
and prices slipped off very quickly. July closed
at 90%090%c, May at $1 04%@l 04% and Sep
tember at 81 Sic. i
Corn was fairly active and strong. May
closed %c higher. •
' Oats were quiet, but firm, the close being a
shade higher for May.
Provisions were strong from the outset. The
close was steady. May pork 12% c higher. May
lard 7KOIOC higher and May ribs 5%c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
March ...... ' 02%
May 1 05' i 1 05% 1 04>; 1 04%
July 81% 91% 90% so%
Corn No. —
May 30«. i 80% 30% 30Vi
July 31% 31% 31% 31%
September 52% 32% 82% 22%
Oats No. 2—
May ;. 27 27% 26% 27
July 24% 24% 24% 24%
Mess Pork, per bbl— ' ■
May .....10 25 10 32% 10 17% 10 30
July 10 30 10 87% 10 25 10 35
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May ....\7 5 17% 6 22% 515 5 22%
July .-...5 25 630 6 22% 6 27%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May :... 5 12% 6 17% 610 5 17%
July 530 6 22% 516 6 2£%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
dull; No. 2 spring wheat, 92®94c; No. 3 spring
wheat. 94<g?9c; No. 2 red. $1 02%: >">• 2 corn.
29%»c; No. 2 oats, 26% c; No. 2 white, I. o. b.,
29®30Hc; No. 3 white. 25%@30%c; No. 2 rye,
49% c; No. 2 barley, f. o. b.. 35t?43c; No.. 1 flax
seed, $1 17; prime timothy seed, $2 90; mess
pork, per bbl. $10 25010 30; lard, per 100 lbs,
$5 lofg'a 17%; short ribs sides (loose). $5<5'5 30;
dry salted shoulders (boxed), $4 75®»; short
clear aides (boxed). $.' 2. r .@o 45; whisky, dig
tillers' finished goods, per gal. $1 18%.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour bbls 51,000 49.000
Wheat, bu 70,000 SS.OCO
Corn bu 653.000 196.000
Oats, bu 327.000 895.n0.)
Rye, bu 9.000 3,000
Barley, bu '..' 73.000 64,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries. lSfi-lS^c;
dairies, ll©17c; cheese, quiet, S@B*4 c ; eggs,
steady, fresh, 10c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shlpmts.
Cities — Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 197.200 52.540
Duluth 88.065 473
I Milwaukee 44.200 27.600
Chicago 70.322 87.628
Toledo 16.06$ 1.800
St. Louis IS.OOO 4.000
Detroit 14.968 9.544
| Kansas City 28.500 46.500
Totals 477.261 230,095
Tidewater-
Boston 29.330 24.000
New York 111.000 10.668
Philadelphia 5.865 95.216
Baltimore 12,374 112,90!)
New Orleans 64.000
Totals 158,569 312.793
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— ■ March. May.
Opening 6150 59 35
Closing 6160 69 35
Flour ••"-' ■.■.*:■
Opening: 23 60 27 45
Closing 2S 60 27 75
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES..
March. May. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 7 10% 7 574 . 7 2V4 . 6 8 6 7
Closing 7 lOVa 75% 7 2 67% 66%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. March 9.— CATTLE— RuIed about
10c higher. Bulk of the offerings. $4 35@5 10;
common dressed beef, $3 86®4; prime shipping,
Jo 50^6 65; stockers and feeders, $3 10@4 65;
canners. $2 40@3; fat heifers, $3 75@4 40.
HOGS— Were about Be higher. Commonest
lots, $3 70; strictly prime heavy, $4 60, sales
largely at $3 90<&4; pigs, *3 40<g>3 SO.
SHEEP— Sheep and lambs were In active de
mand. Sheep sold freely at $3(!i4 60. mainly at
$+.-34 50; goats, $3{(3 50; lambs, $4 25^5 50 for
I Inferior to extra fine, bulk going at Jo<ffs 40.
Receipts— Cattle, 1000; Hogs. 24,000; Sheep,
| 21,000.
OMAHA.
1 OMAHA. March 9.— CATTLE— Receipts. 2SOO.
' Market strong to 10c higher. Native beef steers,
is 3 90®5: Western steers. $3 *o<i?4 50: Texas
steers $3 25@4; cows and heifers. $3(g'4 20: can
ners. $2^3;. stockers and feeders. S3 76@>4 85;
calves. $4(fi6; bulls and stags, J2 5091 80.
Receipts. 6300. Market easier. Heavy,
*3 75(^3 85: mixed, $3 76; light, $3 70@3 80; bulk
j of sales, $3 75. •
SHEEP— Receipts. 6600. Market steady. Fair
:to choice natives. $3 75<3>4 75: fair to choice
1 Westerns, $3 60*5*4 60; common and stock sheep,
! $3ig3 90; lambs. $4 25@5 35.
KANSAS CITT.
KANSAS CITY. March 9—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 5800. Bulk of sales. $4 «OQ-n 15; cows and
heifers, strong. $1 .c.ofj4. c .ofj4 50; stockers and feed
ers, active. $3 35<?5 55. best brought $6 35; Tex
ans and Indians, $3 50<g4 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 12.600. Market steady. Bulk
of sales. J3 70<fi<3 85; heavies and packers. $3 SO-??
3 95- medium and mixed. *3 75@3 90; lights. *3 50
@3 80; pigs, $3 30(@>3 60.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2000. Sheep active, strong.
Westerns, $3 Gs@4 30: lambs, $5 25<g.5 85.
DENVER.
DENVER. March 9.— CATTLE— Receipts. 200.
Market steady to strong; beef steers, $3© 4 30:
cows, $2 75<5?3 70; stockers and feeders. $3 7r,<3>
4 60, freight paid to river; calves. $5 50(5", 60,
bulls and stags, J2 25<ff3 25.
H OOS— Receipts. SCO. Market 5c lower; range.
$3 7QAB R0; bulk of sale*. $3 75: light packers,
$3 75<??3 80; mixed. $3 70^3 80; heavy, $3 65@3 75.
SHEEP— No receipts.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, March 9.— Consols. 11l 13-16; Silver.
2r>»*d; French rentes, 104f 30c.
LIVERPOOL. March 9.— Wheat, steady; No.
1 Standard California, SSs 4ifed; cargoes Walla
Walla Wheat. 35s 9<l; cargoes off coast, less
active; cargoes on passage, quiet for white,
easy for red; English country markets, gener
ally 6d cheaper; French country markets.
steady; Flour In Paris, steady; Wheat in Paris,
steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 13-32 d.
CLOSE.
LIVERPOOL. March 9.— CORN — March,
steady, 3s 47* d: May. steady. 3s 3V4d; July,
steady, 3s 3%d.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, March 9.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow of the wool
market:
Not since August. 1596, have Bales been so
small as this week.
It Is asserted quite generally that many man
ufacturers have been obliged to go back to
their policy of three years ago and employ sub
stitutes In order to show profit.
The dullness has not yet had a depressing
effect upon the trade. Prices are substantially
unchanged. Higher prices are expected at clip
time and some clips are now being contracted
•for at figures that seem to Justify this ex
pectation.
PORTLAND BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., March 9.— Exchanges, $298,
595; balances. $46,128.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or.. March 9.— Wheat— Firmer;
Walla Walla, 75@76c; Valley and Blue Stem.
77@78c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., March 9— Wheat— Dull and
nominally lower; No. 1 Club, 74@750; No. 1
Blue Stem, 77<&>78c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight.. — $4 82
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — ' " 4 85
Sterling Cables ..• — - 4 85VJ
New York Exchange, 5ight."..........— 1214
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 5414
Mexican Dollars — 46
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— market seems to be develop
ing more strength abroad and futures here are
higher in sympathy. Spot quotations remain
about the same.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 40
for No % 1, $1 42V4 for choice and $1 4301 60 per
ctl for extra choice for milling. \ ; '.■"..".
.BOARD SALES. ■„;
' Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls,
$141; 6000, $140*;; 24.000, $1 40%. ,:; December—
10.000. $1 33%: 4000. $133%: 16.000. $1 3314. ",
Second Session— December— lo.ooo. ctls. $1 33 l
May— sl 40%: 10,000, $1 40T4: 10.000. $1 41. ■,'
Regular Morning I Session— May— lo.ooo ctls
$1 41. December— 2B.ooo. $1 33%: 2000, $1 33"i
Afternoon Session — December — 14,000 ctls
$1 33%: 16,(-00, $1 33 l .i- May— $1 40&; 4000 ■
$1 40%.
BARLEY— Foggy weather kept the market
more or less uncertain, and the feeling was
weak on the morning sessions.": V."
Feed. $1 07%@l 10 for dark to good and $1 1214
for choice: Brewing, $1 17V4@1 20 for No. 1;
$1 W/.131 15 for dark Coast. -
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls,
$1 07; 4000, $1 06H: 4000. $1 06%. December—
2000, 97c; 2000, 9"V»c; 8000, Sm'Ac.
Second Session — December — 4000 ctls, 97c. May
—4000, ?1 07; 2000, Jl 06^.
Regular Morning Session— May— 6000 etls.
Afternoon Session-May-2000 ctls. fl 07: 2000,
$1 06%: 4000. $1 00 21100. $1 06Vs : 60°°. m "* : 26 '"
&00, $1 06^.. December— SfKX>. 97c.
OATS— The market dragged again yesterday.
No change in prices. .
Fancy feed. $1 22'i@l 25 per ctl: to
choice. $1 I7UOI 22'>; common. $1 12 VH If;
Surprise, $1 25« i 30: red. $1 35W1 45: gray. $1 lo
17%; milling. $1 2O&1 2:,: black, for seed.
$1 1601 £0. Clipped Oats sell at $I©2 per ton
over the raw product. .
CORN-The feeling Is weak and the tendency
is downward
Small round yellow. $1 lO^l 12H per ctl: large
yellow, $1 0501 O7'-<,; white. $1 05<& 1 o>%-
RTB— sl 0501 07% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@1 S5 per ctl.
FIX>I*R AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$4 6504 65; Bakers' extras. $4 30@4 40 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs- Rye Flour. $2 50 per 100;
Rice Flour, f. 75- Co'rnmeal. $2 X: * xt . ra cream
d". $::■ Oatmeal, $3 50: Oat Croats. $4; Hom
iny, $3 1O&3 30; Burkwhcat Flour, $4: Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farniu $4 60: Whole \\ heat
Flour. US; Rolied oats it-bls). $5 25#'5 65; in
sacks. $5 0505 45; Pearl Barhv. $4; Split Peas,
$3 75; Green" ePas, $4 2i per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTCFFS.
There was no change yesterday, either In
Hay or Feedstuff s.
BRAN— 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— £0 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $24 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $23 50(529 50;
Jobbing. $30; Cocoanut Cake, $21 80@22 50; Cot
tonseed Meal, $2S@3O per ton; Corn Meal, $23if*
24; Cracked Corn, $23 50 ft 24 50; Chopped Feed.
$17018.
HA (Ex-car ■In round Wheat. $17@
18 30 per ton: Wheat and Oat. .sl6@l< »0: Oat.
$14 50@16 50; Barley $14015 50; compressed, $17'
019: Alfalfa, ■ $100811; stock, $11@12; Clover,
$11 60013.
STRAW— SS^4Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Pink Beans are lower and offering more free
ly. The boom seems to be over in this de
pcriptlon. • No other changes.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 MQ>; Small Whites.
$1 56491 «.}; Large Whites. $1 X©l 65 : Pinks.
$2 50&2 60; Reds $2®2 26; Blackeye, $2 40«2 CO;
Butters. $1 w a 1 60; Ltmas. $2 W©> IS: Pea.
I! K> /I 50; Red Kidneys, $2 2.'i(2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $2 7.".fr3 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $2'd2 50; Flax. $2 35: Canary
Seed. $2\''72-%c per lb; Alfalfa, $36Gc; Rape,
202 V; Hemp, 3c: Timothy. W4O.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 4001 65: Green. $1 60
<&1 90 per ctl. __
POTATOES, ONIONS. VEGETABLES.
Potatoes are rather steadier at unchanged
prices. The Australian steamer brought up 785
cases of Onions.
Rhubarb In lower. The other Vegetables
show no particular change.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. *>.Va7sc; River Reds.
50<8>60e; River Burbanks. 55®65c per sack; Ore
gon Burba nks. 65fi90c: Salinas Burbanks, 90c@
$1 10; Petaiuma fiurbanks. 60'g6."ic; Sweet Po
tatoes. K4KOc per ctl for Rivers and 65ctff$l for
Merced; new Volunteer Potatoes, 3g3%c per lb.
ONIONS— S2 40412 f,O p.T ctl; Oregon, $2 65®
2 85- cut Onons. $?'rf2 2-"i per sack.
VEGETABLES— Receipts wore 171 boxe? As
paragus. 343 boxes Rhubarb and 164 sks Peas.
Asparagus. 9<ri 10c per lb for fancy, 7<gSc
for No. and So6c for No. 2; Rhubarb. 70c7
$1 25 per box: Alameda <lreen Peas. 3<j?4c -per
lb: Mushrooms. Eol9c; Marrowfat Squash, $25
fff3o per ton; Dried Peppers, fi'^o per lb: Dried
Okra, lfic; Cabbage, 60@75c per ctl; Carrots, $25
®60c per sack; Garlic, 3'ir4 1 -ic per lb.
Los Angeles Green Peas. : String Beans,
; Tomatoes, $1 25: Green Peppers, per
lb; Summer Squash, : Egg- Plant, per
lb; Hothouse Cucumbers. Boc®Sl per dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sloced raw. 12c per lb in lo{s of 25
lbs: sliced desiccated. 16@18c: granulated raw,
I.V- Onions, 60c; Carrots, old. 13c: new, ISo;
Cabbage. 30c: Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips.
25c; String Beans, 30c: Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The free receipts from the East have de
pressed the Poultry market. Game Ib dull.
POILTRY— Live Turkeys, 11012 c for Gob
blers and 115<12%c for Hens; dressed Turkeys.
l2S(g-14c per lb; Geese, per pair. $1 50<jil 73:
Goslings, $2 25<U2 50; Ducks, t4<?is for old and
$6 50^7 50 for young: Hens, $4<fts: Roosters,
young. $7f57 50; Roosters, old, $4*/ 4 50; Fryers,
|60>-fiO; Broilers, $4<5T. for large and $3(54 50
for small; Pigeons. $2Ti2 2," per dozen for young
and $lff?l 25 for old.
GAME— Gray Geese, $1 50: White. 50c; Brant,
75C051: Honkers, $2 50; Hare. sOo7fic; Rabbits,
$1@"1 25 for Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
There Is a further decline in Butter and It
Ib weak. Eggs are about the same, though re
. tall grocers are bo loaded up that they are
1 sending their surplus stock downtown to the
; ■wholesalers to have it worked oft. Cheese Is
lower. .' . -; — .. ! \--y
. BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 17(fflSc; sec
onds, I6«nfi'^c
Dairy— Choice to fancy. ' 15@16c; second
grades, 14®14ijc per lb.
Eastern Butter — Creamery, , lCii-lSVic; ladle
packed, 14i?7r«- per Ib.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9%c: common
j to good, B@9c: Cream Cheddar. KXSUc; Young
I America, lO'i/ilc; Western, Il(gl2c; Eastern, 12^
<jal3^jc per 1! -
EGGS — Ranch Eggs, IIS per dozen; store
Eggs, lOfille. 2.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Mexican Limes are lower again. Oranges
are moving off rather better.
According to mall advices from New York
the Orange market is depressed at present by
reason of large offerings and the oversupply
of indifferent and small fruit, which. Is little
sought for and brings low prices. Receipts
consist largely of California oranges, which
continue to roll In at the rate of about twenty
cars a day.
At the Orange auction fancy Navel Oranges,
Indian Hill brand, brought, $1 70@2 25 per box;
Navels. Morning Glory brand, $1 30@l 85 per
box; Navels, Meteor brand, $1 15@1 SO per box;
Mediterranean Sweets, choice, per box. 80c;
Mediterranean Sweets, fancy, $1 05. Lemons
sold m 75cJ??l 35 per box.
-DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 40<Rfi0e per box for common. 65(f?90c
for good to choice and $1<??125 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 50<g>
S- Seedlings. 75c(g$l 50; Mandarins, $101 25 for
large and 50@75c for small boxes; Japanese
Mandarins, jlifil 50; Grape Fruit. $1 50(^3
per box; Lemons, 75c(55l for common and
fl 25@1 75 for good to choice; Mexican Limes.
$5 60; California Limes, In small boxes, %\®
1 25; Bananas. $1 2.' '2 25 per bunch; Pine
apples, $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS. ETC.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 4%@
4%c for 40-50's, 3%@4%c for 50-60' s, 3%@3%c
for 60-70's, 2%@3%c for 70-80' s. 2Vi@2%o.for 80
90's, 1%@2%c for. 90-100's; Peaches, 2%®4c.
fancy, 4V4@sc; peeled, 10@12%c; Apricots, s@6c
for Royals and 7@7%c for good to fancy Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, 6%@7%c; sun-dried.
4@sc; Black Figs, in sacks, 2@2%c; Plums,
4H®4%c for pitted and l@l%c ' for unpitted;
bleached Plums, 6@sV4c; Nectarines. 4®sc for
prime to fancy: Pears, 2V4@«%c for quarters
and 3!fis'/2i: for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— I%@2c for two-crown. 3c for three
crown. 3%c for four-crown, 4V2C for Seedless
Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and »1@
1 10 for London layers: dried grapes, 2%c.
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at 8c per
rb; Walnuts, s@6c for hardshell and 6iJ?7c for
BOftshcll; Almonds. 2V4<i?3V6c for hardshell, S^c
for softßhell and 7@Bc for paper-shell: Peanuts,
4'SCMiC for Eastern and 4Vtc for California;
Pecans, 6H/fifSc; Filberts, S'-s'tTlOc: Brazil Nuts,
B® 9c per lt>; Cocoanuts, $4 6006 per 100.
HONEY— New Comb. B@loc for bright and 5@
7c for lower grades; new' water- extract
ed, 4%@5c; light amber L extracted, 3%@4%c
per Ib.
BEESWAX— 23@2Sc per tt>.
PROVISIONS.
The market continues dull at unchanged quo
tations.
CURED MEATS— 9%c per It) for
heavy, 9%c for light medium, 10% c for light,
lie for extra light and 12% c for sugar-cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10V4@llc; Califor
nia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef. $9 per bbl; extra
mess do, $10; family do. $11@12; Salt Pork,.
$9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18;
mess. $16; Smoked Beef. ll@l2c per It).
LA Eastern tierces quoted at 6%c per Ib
for compound and 7c for pure; palls, 7%c;
California tierces, GVic ' per 'n> for compound
and 6>-r for pure; half-barrels. 6%c; 10-lb
tins. 7i-c; do 5-tii. Be. " •
COTTOLENE— Tierces. : 6%®6%c; packages, <
less than 300 lbs— l-rb pails. GO in a case, S%c;
3-Ib. pails, 20 In a case, S%c; 5-tb palls, 12 In a
case, m, 4 c; 10-lb pails. 6 in a case. &%c; 50-rb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case. 7%c; wooden buckets,
20 lbs net, 7%c; fancy tubs. SO rbs net, 7%c;'
half-bbls, about 110 lbs. ~Mc per rb.
HIPES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
•lc under : sound stock. Heavy salted steers,
lO'.c; medium. 9%c;. light. 9c; Cowhides.
9@9V4c; stags, 6c; salted Kip, 10c; Calf,
lie; dry Hides 17©17V>e; culls and brands. 13&
■<314e; dry Kip ana Veal, 14^50; dry Calf, IS®
20c; culls. 16*j)17c; ! Goatskins. 30@37>$c each;
Kids, s<JflOe; ; Deerskins, good summer. 25<§30c
per tb; "medium,. 20c; winter. We; Sheepskins, ,
shearlings, 20@30c each;- short wool, 40 ft 70c
each; me«)ium, 70@90c; long wools,. 90c® jl 30
each. : . • ■
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3<&3i4c per Ib: No.
2, 2®2Hc; refined. .'c; Grease. ■ 2<n-\c. . -
WOOL— clip— Pan Joaquin. defective, 7^
9c; Southern Mountain, lie; free Northern, 12
@13c; do defective, - 9®llc per ll>. .
• HOPS— OId crop, 2"i'fic for poor to fair and 8@
10c for good; new crop, ll@l4c per rb.
SAX FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Sellers have been unable to niaintaln a price
of 10c for Mutton, and It 13 a fraction easier
again. Hoge are a fraction lower and weak at
the decline.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock : from
slaucliterers are as, follows: ; ; i ' ''
BEEF— First quality. 6 1 ,4^7c: second quality,
ot2#6c: third quality. 4S5c per lb. -
VEAL— Large. C©6V4c; small. 7@Sc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9@9%c; Ewes. 9c per lb.
LAMB-Sprin?, l!>i@lsc per lb. '
PORK— Live Hogs. 4%c for large. 4U<?4J4e
for small and 4"ic for medium; stock Hogs,
3@3Hc; dressed Hogs. 6<g"c per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal: Wool
Bags, nominal; San Qjentin. $5 30.
COAL— WellinKt n. ?'.O per ton; New Wel
lington. Sio; Seattle, $6 !»i Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay. $.i 50; Wallsenci, $S; Scotch. S10; Cumber
land. $10 In bulk an] $11 50 in sacks: Pennsyl
vania Anthracite Err. $1.",; Cannel, $10 per ton:
Rock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Val
ley, $7 80; Coke. $12 per ton in bulk and $14
In sacks.
SUGAR— . Western ' Sucar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c: Powdered. 6*, c: Dry
Granulated. 55 r-*<-:r -*<- : Confectioners' A. ~>\c: Mac:
nolia A, s*nc: Extra C, s^c: Golden C, s>4c;
Candy Granulated. ."fee: California A. 5'.4c per
lb: half barrels V more than barrels, and
boxes V4c more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday, March 9.
Flour, qr «ks ... 14,882 Wool, bales 10
Wheat, ctls 21.7:1", Straw, tons 5
Barley, ctls 2!t,73:> ! Pelts, bdls 2.031
Butter, ctls 2S"» Hides, no 4G7 !
Tallow, ctls 154 | Eggs, doz 15.0:.0
Cheese, ctls H Lime, bbls 120:
Beans, sks 800 1 Quicksilver, risk. 170:
) Potatoes, sks .... 1.695 : Leather, rolls ... 88 j
Bran, sks 7ml Wine, gals 24.300
Middlings, sks .. 200 Brandy, gals .... 2. 6*)
Hay. tons 260 Raisins, bxs .... 600
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 820 i Wool, bales 6
Potatoes, •ks ... 1,609
THE STOCK MARKET.
There la no material change In mining
stocks, though one or two sold up a little.
Hale & Norcross is assessed 10c.
The Champion mine of Nevada City has de
clared its forty-sixth dividend of 25c, payable
on the 15th lnst.
The Spring- Valley Water Company will pay
the usual monthly dividend of 50c on March 21.
The California-street Cable Railroad Com
pany paid a monthly dividend of 50c per share
yesterday.
The Anglo-Californlan Bank (Limited) paid a
semi-annual dividend of {1 60 per share yester- ,
day.
The Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation Company
has declared a regular monthly dividend of 40c
per share, payable March 21.
The Pacific Gas Improvement Company and
the San Jose Water Company will each pay a j
monthly dividend of 500 to-day.
At the annual meeting of the Potosl yester
day the old management was re-elected, with ■
Thomas Cole as president, Charles E. Eliot
secretary and H. M. Gorham superintendent.
W. J. Flitter of San Francisco has been j
elected president of the Brunswick Consolidated
Mining Company of Grass Valley, in place of I
J. J. Halpin of New York, resigned.
The annual meeting of the Pacific and Sunset
telephone and telegraph companies will be held
to-uay.
The Confidence, Challenge Consolidated and
Consolidated Imperial Joint west crosscut No.
I from the surface tunnel was not advanred '
any during the past week, the work having
been confined 10 repairing the tunnel and en
larging the water boxes. The flow of water
from the face is still very strong. The surface
tunnel is now £,24 feet in from the south line ;
of the Consolidated Imperial mine, having been
advanced S feet during the week; the face is in
old fillings.
No work was done through the main shaft
of the Crown Point mine during the past week.
They have shipped to the Selby Smelting
Works 830 pounds of concentrates saved in mill
ing 50 tons of gold ore at the Nevada mill. '
They are now milling at the Mexican mill 2f>o
tons of the same character of ore.
In the Belcher mine, on the 850 level the
north drift from the east crosscut from the
main north drift from the Incline Is now In
115 feet. The east crosscut from the north drift
is now out 2S feet; the face Is In quartz of no
value. There was hoisted during the week and
stored in the ore house at the mine 41 mining
oar loads of ore, the average top car sample
of which shows a value of $1S 92 per ton.
The yield of the Overman mine for the past
week amounted to 7 mining car loads of ore,
the average car sample assay of which was
160 65 per ton. There Is no material change
in the condition of the mine. They have com
pleted the repairs to the north drift on the 9000
foot level.
The letter from the Justice mine for the past
week says: We are cutting out a station at
the face of the southeast drift from west cross
cut No. 2 preparatory to sinking a winze in the
ore mentfoned in the last weekly report. In
doing this work we have paved three tons of
ore assaying $44 2!l per ton. The bullion yield
of the 77 tons of ore milled at the Douglass
mill was, gold, $1225 93; silver, $637 81; total.
$1867 74.
In the Savage Mining Company's ground on
the Comstock lode, on the 130 level, the main i
west drift has been cleaned out and repaired |
a distance of 18 feet; total length, 406 feet.
Brunswick lode work was resumed in main I
north drift. 600 level, and advanced 8 feet; '
face In hard porphyry. Incline shaft No. 1 has !
been sunk a distance of 18 feet; total depth,
1108 fe«t; bottom In porphyry.
STOCK AND BOND. EXCHANGE. .
WEDNESDAY/ March 9—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I • . ' Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 49% —
4s quar c0up. .112 113^ ,Pac Gas Imp.. 91 V4 92
4s quar res.. 112% — Pac L Co 54 65* i
4s quar new. ..125 — SF G & E.... 91% 91%
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3% 4
Cal-st Cab 55. 115% — Stock Gas 10 —
Cal El 6s 126 1 * — . Insurance—
i C C Wat 55. ..102%— FirenVs Fund. l9s —
t Diip-st ex c. — 98% Hank Stocks—
'E L & P 65.. 128 — Anplo-Cal . . . . »54 70
: F & Ch Rv 6s. — 117 Bank of Ca1.. 24.7 —
Geary-st R 6s. — 102 Cal SD & T.. — 105
!HC & S 5%. .105 — First .Nat ....200 —
1 L A L Co 65.. — 100 Lon P St A... 130 —
Do gntd 65. .100 10XV4 Mer Kxchnge.. — 15
i Market-st 65.. 127 — Nev Nat 8...155 —
Do Ist M ss. — 113% Savings Hanks—
Nat Yin 6b Ist — 100 ■ Ger S & L..1625 1685
iN C Ncßy "5.102 — . Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 65. .11114 — Mutual Say. 35 40
N Ry Cal 35..102%103% S F Say IT.. 480 495
NPC R R 65.104% — E& L 50.... — 100
N P C Ry 55. 100% — Security S B 250 —
N Cal R is.. — — Union T Co. 1000 —
Oak Gas 53...104 — ' ' Street Railroad-
Do 2d Is as.. — 113 California . 107%109
lOrn Ry 6s 127%130 Geary 40 —
P & O 6s 110 — Market-8t .... 63% 54
P &Ch Ry 65.105% — . Presidio 4% 8%
i Powell-st 6s ..111% — Powder—
1 Reno WL&L..IOO — California ....110 —
Sac Elecßyss. — 100 E Dynamite .. S5 95
S F & N P 55.106H106% Giant Con Co. 43% 434
SPof Ar 65. .104 • — Vigorit ■ 3% 3%
S P Cal 6s — IIS Miscellaneous—
SPC la eg Cs.. — 99% Al Pac Assn.. 98 —
P PBr 6"? 112% — Ger Ld Wks..lOO 150
S V Wat ..US HSU liana P C 0... 20 —
P V Wat 45... 103 — HC & S Co.. 31 31%
Stock Gas 65.. — 103% Hutch 8 P Co. 44% 45
Water— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. 56 64% Vat Vln C 0... — 7%
Marin Co .... 50 — Oceanic S Co. 67% 57%
Spring Val ...101 101% Pac A F L.. 1% —
Gas & Electric— Pac Bor C 0... 96Vi —
Cent Gaslight. 98*4 — ' Par Paint Co. 7 —
MEL Co 13% 14%
MORNING SESSION.
95 Giant Powder Con 43 50
25 Hutchlnson 8 P Co 44 87%
50 Market-street Railway 54 00
50 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 75
SO S F Gas & Electric Co 91 25
10 S F Gaslight ...: 3 75
37 Spring Valley Water i 10100
$4000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 103 00
Street— ■ ,■ '■■- :
$4000 Market-street Cable Bonds 6s 127 00
$8000 Northern Ry of Cal r,s Bonds 102 50
AFTERNOON SESSION.
$3000 Edison L & P Bonds 12S 50
150 Giant Powder Con... ....43 50
100 Hutchlnson S P Co 44 87%
76 Market-street Railway 54 00
450 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar ..31 00
150 do -do ' 1)10 .....3100'
150 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 75
70S Ga.« St Electric Co ...91 50
10 Spring Valley Water '........... 101 00
$5000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds ............103 00
$3000 S F & N P Ry Bonds... 106 50
Street— ■ . - •
$16,000 Market-street Cable Bonds 6s 127 00
100 Vigorit Powder 375
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morninc Session — 10:30.
20 S F Gas & Electric 91 1214
I 20 do do 9125
I 10 do do s3O 91 i2 l i
100 Market-street 53 §714
1 20 Hawaiian C & S Co, b 30 , 30 S7'i
I 6 do d.i 30 7:.'
I .'0 Giant Powder 43 )f
fSCOO Sprißf Valley Water 4s 103 00
10 Contra Costa Water 60 00
Street—
I W) Hawaiian C &• S Co 31 oo
12000 Spring Valley Water 4s 103 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following wen the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Hoard yesterday:
Murninß Session.
1000 AHa lsllOOOphlr .... 43
I 190 Belcher 27 300 Potosi , 37
I 300 Con Cal A Va.. S r J l."0 Standard '175
I 700 Crown Point ... M'SOO Yellow Jacket! J 2S
Afternoon Session.
! 500 Alta 15 1 4^0 Gould & Curry 17
100 Andes in 110 Potosi . 37
100 Belclier 20 100 3G
SOOCbollar 36 100 Savage ... -3
1 31 0 37 : r.o 2n2 n
j inn Con Cal & Va.. 77 1 M0 Union Con ".'. 33
j 100 Crown Point ... 14 i IV) Yellow Jacket .. 27
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
j Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Alta IS 200 Mexican .. si
JCO Belcher 25 300 ......" 30
400 26|500Ophlr 45
200 Cest & Belcher. 33 1000 Potosi 3714
£00 32 300 Savage 24
1 00 Bullion OS 300 23
200 Challenge 2S ;200; 200 Sierra Nev .. 1 02 1 *
MKOCboIIkr 37 1 900 1 03
200 Con Cal & Va.. 80 200 1 07H
100 Confidence 70 |3CO Union Con 34
1000 Con Imperial .. 01 ,300 Yellow Jacket .. 23
500 Crown Point ... 14 j GOO -,'
200 Gould & Curry.. ISIMiO *»
Afternoon Session.
300 Alpha 08 [iSOrt Julia 03
400 Alta 15J200Ophlr 4o
200 Belcher 25;&''O 44
500 Bullion o&iSi.O Overman 11
200 Con Cal & Va.. 73 ; 300 Savage 23
1000 Con Imperial... 01 1 SCO Utah 11
«n Point ... 14 €00 Yellow Jacket... 2i
100 Gould & Curry.. IS J
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, March 9—l9 — I •* m.
Alpha 08 SSlJnstfce — 30
Alta OS 09'Kentuck 02 03
Andes 09 11 i Lady Wash ... - 03
Belcher 24 24 (Mexican 29 30
}3e^t & Belchr. 31 33 ; Occidental 155 —
Bullion 09 lOlOphlr 43 44
Caledonia 2S 30 ; Overman 11 12
Chollar 3« 37 Potopl 36 37
Con Cal & Va. 76 H Savage 22 23
Challenge 2" 29 Ses Belcher ... Of. 06
Confidence 07 — (Scorpion — 06
Con Imperial .. - 01 Sierra Nevada. l 00 105
Crown Point .. 13 IS Stiver Hill .... — 02
Con New York. 02 — Syndicate 01 05
Eureka — 25 Standard 175 —
Exchequer 04 — Union Con 33 34
Gould & Curry. 17 IS I Utah 10 11
Hale » Norcrs. —145 I Yellow Jacket . 27 28
Julia 02 03 i
The swiftest river in the world is the
Sutlej. in India. At one part of it
there is a descent of 12,000 feet in 108
miles.
THE CALL C-Vi-ENDAR.
March. ISOS.
6
13
20
Mo
14
IT
iSJ:
1
S
1&
We
2
9
Th.
3
Fr.
4
11
IS
5
12
19
Moon's Phases.
Mar 8.
16
23
30
10
IT
24
_ /frLABI Quarter
19 <& Mar. 14.
j*>. New Moon.
26 i \s} Mar. 22.
First Quarter.
9 Mar. -At.
31
t. Quarter
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
omona. San Ineco —
acklnaw Tacoma
umOoUH Alaska...'
rcata .. Coos Bay _
Ity of Sydney. Panama
orthFors.... Mumooidt
Vllln?ton Departure Bay
'D'amette I Seattle
Mumoia I Portland
Una ! China and Japan
r alla Wa11a.... Victoria and Pu*et Sna...
omer j Newport
iiit;i Uo»a San Diego
rorreso | Seattle
Dos Bay . i Newport
Ale or Oai i Portland
'eeott ; Humholdt
It
1C
II
11
11
12
12
12
12
13
13
13
11
14
M
1m
et?oit , uumooiui
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Pteamkil I Destination- |
Raiiji.
Bay..
! of Cal
I Newport
I Portland
i Mexico
Hutnblat Bay. :
San Diegro ;
Alaska !
I Honolulu.' I
ChlnaAJapan. i
! Vie & Pri Sna I
Coos Bay
Portland
Humboldt ....
Alaska : |
iHumboldt I
I Uumbolat i
San Die*o...
I Vl<» & V Sound
10. 10 am Pier U
10. 1U am Pier 24
11. 10 am Pier 'J
11. ■ am | Pier 13
l;. 11 am iPler 11
12 1
12. 2 PMlPler 7
12. 1 FM.PM SS
IX 10 AMIFler a
12. tru Pier ia
li. 10 am [Pier 24
14. Uami
15
li. 9 AM I Pier 2
15. 10 am I Pier •••
16. 11 am; Pier U
IT, 10 am! Pier »
iba.. ..
3tt..i..
ona —
iboldt.
India..
ireaia
olnmbia.
atnoa
ulton. . . .
lorthFork
lomer
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Qeodetlo Surrey.
Times and Heights of High and Low Waters
at Fort . Point Entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by Official Authority of ths
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low j waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MABCH-1893.
Thursday. March 10.
Sunrises '.. «:37
Sun Beta .....6:1»
Moon rises 9:('6
iTime
!l \v
!h w\
ll^Feet
!L! L W
I'Peet
9 '.£J
5:11 -
5:54
H W
0:20
0:51
1:30
1.5
1.1
v
5.4
• 11:1$
12:06
L W
| 6:38
7:24
5.1 4:JH
5.1 1 6:24
b.I) 6:Ut
!h w
0.7 1 :00
f).4 2.00
0.2 3:<W
0.1
O.S
1.2
**]
4.6
4.1
ram
11:5!
|L VV
I «::<<.)
I 7:19
5.1
l.«
2.0
■ 2.4
1"
11
NOTE.— In the above exposition of "he tide*
the early, morning tides are giver. In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day In the order at occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand i ilumn gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given Is subtractlve from
the d?oth piven by the charts.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Off.v.c U. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. March
9. IS9B.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the
120 th meridian, or at exactly S p. m.. Green
wich time. W.- S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In cnarife.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydroyraphlo
Ofllce, located In the Merchants' Exchange. Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts ana sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Intenst to «> ■ an commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error. If any. Is
published the same day by the afternoon
papers, and by the mornlnir papers the tol'.cw-
Ing day. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. V. S. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesi.iy, March 3.
U S stmr Oregon, McOormiek, 3 days trom
! Seattle.
Br stmr Moana, Carey. 23 days 11 hours 70
mln from Sydney, via Honolulu 6 days 6 hours
50 mln.
Stmr Weeott, Miller. 36 hours from Crescent
; City, via Eureka 26 hours.
Stmr Jennie, Anderson, 53 hours from Co-
' qullle River.
Stmr Lnguna, Peterson, 15 hours from Fort
Bragg.
I Stmr Curacoa, Thomas. 67 days frD.v> Baltl
! more.
Haw stmr Zealandia. Dowdell. 7 days 4 hrs
39 mm from Honolulu.
I Stmr Greenwodd, Fagerlund, 15 hours frrrn
: Greenwood, bound south; put In to land pas-
sengers.
' Stmr Cleone. Walvlg, 15 hours iron AlHot).
Bark C D Bryant. Calby, 21 days fim Hono
lulu.
Ship America, Harding. 10 days from De
parture Bay.
Ship Columbia.- Nelson, 22 days from Taco
ma. via Claltam Bay 14 days.
Ship Bohemia Whalman, 12 days from De
parture Bay.
Ship St Nicholas, Grant, 13 days from De
parture Bay.
Br ship Manydown. Robertson, 160 days frm
Hamburg, via Newcastle, Eng. 139 days.
Bark Martha Davis, Soule. 22 days frm Hono
lulu.
• Bark Ferris S Thompson. Murk. 10 days frm
Astoria.
Bark . Harvester. Gruner. 15 days from Na
naimo.
Bark IvsviG Burgess, Yunsgren. 1 days from
Tacoma.
Bark Gatherer. Slater, IS days frm 'Tacoma.
■ Bark B P Cheney, Mop, 14 days from Taco
ma. via Port Townsend 12 days.
Bark Wilna, Slater. 19 days from Seattle.
Bark .Aureola, Swan, 19 days from Willapa
Harbor. •
Bark "AlexMcNeil, Jorßensen. S days from
Departure Bay. . •
Schr J M Colman, Treanor. 9 days. frm Grays
Harbor. ■
Schr Ruby A Cousins. Knu>lßen. 12 days from
Grays Harbor. ;
Schr Sparrow. Dart. 5 days from Eureka.
Schr- Neptune, Estvold. 14 ,day* from Grays
Harbor.
■ Schr Okanogan. Moore, ro ' flays from ' Port
Gamble, via .Port Angeles 17 days. • •
-Schr Prosper, Schroeder. 12 Jays from Colum-
Schr Guide. Olsen. 14 days from Columbia
Schr Jennie- Thelin, Hansen, 6 days from
. SchrAn'na, Erratt. 17 days from Mahuk.ua.
Schr Queen, Kdwardsen, 15 days from Grays
Harbor. ■■:■'■ '■ ■ ' ■
S<'hr Eclipse, • Petterson. 24 " days from De
parture Bay. via Port Angeles 17 days.
Schr North Bend, Schmehl, 19 days from
Willapa Harbor. "
Schr S Danielson. Nelson. 4 days from MfD
doclno. . ■ - • ■ v:
• Schr Novelty. Rosendall. 17% days t.-om Wil
lapa Harbor. ■ - ,
. Schr. Corinthian, Korth, 20 hours from' Fort
BniKg. ' •. ;--•' : .. :
-Schr Vega. Kasmussen. 12 days from Port
Blakelt-y. :
Schr Volunteer. Bressen. 14 days from Grays
H |chr r Webfoot. Donnelly. IS days from Grays
°£g Joseph rr RR U ss. Matson, 12 days from Port
L Sch°r W Lyman D Foster, Killman. 20 days fnn
"schr Mary E Russ. Asmussen. IS days from
P °s r chr L LV Z zTe Prien. Hansen. 5 days from Co
*U SchV R Vik7ng, Peterson, 14 days from Grays
H ich? r Alcalde. Weltkunat. 9 days from Giavs
H Sch? r ivy Brown, 27 days from Everett, via
6 . Jon'nson. U days from Everett
Schr Beulah, Mitchell, 4 days from Gra>s
H Srnr r Eureka, Erlckson. 14 days from Coquille
R £ch r r Gotama. Dedrick, 5 days from Coos Bay.
Schr Western Home, Nilsson. 2 days from
Schr Lily. Bottsrer. 4 days from Umpqua.
Schr Sacramento. Crangel. 18 days from
P Schr a Dora Bluhm. Larsen. IS days from Grays
"^chT'Amethyst. Johannssen. IS days from
Sefar Albion, Anderson. 4 days from Coquille
River.
CLEARED.
Wednesday. March 9.
Br stmr Bristol, Tates. Nanaimo; R Dune
muir's Sons. _ .
Br ship Laomene, Jones, Queenstown; tp
plnger & Co. _ .
Aus stmr Burma, Mikulicich, Nanalmo: John
Rosenfeld's Sons.
Stmr State of California, Green. Astoria;
Goodall, Perkins & Co. , „
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall. San Pedro; Goodall.
•Perkins & Co. .
Stmr Homer, Jessen, Eureka: Goodall, • Per
kins & Co.
What stmr Jeanette, Newth, whaling; Roth.
Blum & Co.
Ship Sintram. Larson, Unalaska; Alaska Ex
ploration Co.
Br ship Tamar, Forbes, Port Townsend; Bal
four. Guthrle & Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, March 8.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr Washtenaw, Crosscup, Ti33nia.
Stmr Homer, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund. •'•,'. '■■'■ "
Whal stmr Jeanette Newth, whaling.
Bark Topgallant. Lunvaldt. Port Blakeley.
Schr Newark, Beck. Bowens Landing.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel. Point Arena.
Schr Archie and 1 ontie. Colstrup.
Schr Eclipse, Brummer, Eureka,
TELEGRAPHIC. : y .
POINT BOS— Mar 9. 10 p. m.— Weather
foggy; wind W; velocity 16 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Fort George loads coal at Departure
Bay for this port. ■ •
The Wynnstay loads wheat at Tacoma . lor
Europe, 355. MEMORANDUM . .  ;.
Per Beulah— Made the round trip In 14 days.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The stmr Whltelaw is beached at Skaguay
and burning in her forward hold. It is thought
she will be a total loss. The fire was caused
by spontaneous combustion, arising . from the
oilskin bags in which many i of the _ miners
packed their outfits. It Is believed that the
outfits of all on board are lost. When the
steamer was beached to save her she was
backed ashore near Skaguay wharf and the re
ceding tide left her high and dry. She then
listed -heavily to port and seemed to be almost
on her beam ends, with her nose In the mud
and her stern on the beach burning.
LONDON, Mar 9— Br bark Matterhorn, from
San Francisco Sept 22 for Leith, grounded
when entering port, but has since got off and
anchored at Leith.
The bktn Archer at Honolulu Feb 28 reports
having passed a large vessel bottom up in lat
21 N long 154 W.
SPOKEN. .
Per Ruby A Cousins— Mar 3— (2 11 N 128 30 W.
schr Meteor, from Port Ludlow for San Pedro.
Mar B— 3B 32 N 125 55 W, schr Premier, from
Hueneme for Everett.
Per Gatherer— Mar 7—150 miles west of San
Francisco, schr Louis, from Callao for Colum-
Feb 4—loß N 30 36 W, Br ship Drnmal's, he«
Oct 28 for Queenstown.
Jan 2—41 S 34 W. Ital ship Salvatore Clampo,
hence Nov 4 for Queenstown.
Feb 4— loß N 30 36 W. Rr ship Jamss Kerr,
hence Oct 13 for Queenstoom.
Per Manydown— Jan 25-3* 23 S 93 45 W. Br
bark Abernethy. from Iquique for Falmouth.
March S— Lat 43 44 N. long 124 45 \V, schr
Allle I Aigar, with M sea! skins.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Mar 6— Schr En
terprise, hence Feb 26.
EUREKA— ArrIv»d Mar 9— Schr Lottie Car
son, from San Diego; schr Mabel Gray, from
San Pedro.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Mar B— Sctr
Monterey, hence Mar 7.
COQJ'ILLE RlVEß— Sailed Mar 4— ScUr Llj
zle Prlen, for San Francisco.
PORT LT'DLOW— Sailed Mar S— Schr W X
Talbot, for Honolulu.
POINT REYES -Passed War t at 1 P m—
Bark Alex McNeil, from Departure dr
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Mar 9— Stmr Hnmboldt.
from Dyea.
COOS BAY— Sailed Mar 9— Stmr Areala, for
Stn FrancNoo.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Mar 9— Stmr Samoa, for
San Franclaco.
TATOOSH— Passed Mar 9— Br bark Pass of
KUUcrankie. from Tacoma for Queensiown
ASTORlA— Arrived Mar 9— Schr L&ura May. g
henoe Feb 27; stmr Alcazar, from Dy<ja. f
Sailed Mar 9— Stmr Albion, for Dyea.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Mar &- Stmr Alllanca,
[ for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS. -Ji} '
• HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Mar 9— Br
stmr Coptic, hence Feb 3.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Mar Bark Geo
F Manson from Port Blakeley.
FREEMANTLE— Arrived Mar B— Br bark
Kosciusko, from Port Blakeley.
VANCOUVER— Arrived Mar S— Br stmr Em
press of India, from Yokohama.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Mar B— Gt»r ship H
F Glade, hence Oct 24. . --»_..
WHITEH A YEN— Arrived Mar 7— Br bark
Glengaber. hence Sept 28.
LlZAßD— Passed Mar 7— Br ship Falls of
Dee hence Oct 23 for Queenstown.
PRAWLE POlNT— Passed Mar S— Br ship
Samaritan, from Shields for San Francisco.
HONOLULU— Arrived Feb 15— Stair City of
Peking-, from Yokohama. 16— Haw stmr Maul,
hence Feb 7. 17— Brig W G Irwln, hence J*n
26 Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro, tienoe Feb
12- bktn TV H Dlmond, hence Jan 30; Ger bar*
H Hackfeld. from Liverpool. fc'chr Alice
Cooke. hence Jan 30: Br stmr Wrir-tmoo, from
Victoria. 24— Haw stmr Zealandla. hence Feb
17: bktn Planter, from Newcastle, NSW: bark
Albert, hence Feb 6. 25— Br stmr AorangL fm
S-dney. 26 — Bktn Archer, hence Feb 6. ;
Sailed Feb 15— Stmr City of Peking:, for San
Francisco: bark C D Bryant, for San Fran
cisco; Bark Martha Davis, for San Francisco.
20— Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro, .for - Yoko
hama. 21— Br stmr Warrimoo. for Sydney. 23—
Bktn S N Castle, for San Francisco: brig W
G Irwln, for San Francisco. 24— Bktn W H
Dimond, for San Francisco. 25 — Br Aoran
gl, for Victoria. 26— Ship W F Babcock, ■/ or
New York.
PORT PlßlE— Arrived Mar B— Ship John C
Potter, from Salmon Bay. .....
HONOLULU— Arrived Mar 2— *tmr Gaelic
hence Feb 23 for Yokohama.
Sailed Mar 2— Bark Andrew Welch, for San
Francisco.
HILO— To sail Mar I— Bark AW Spies, for
New York. ■ A
WAIMEA (KauaD— Arrived Feb 15— Br schr
Director, from Victoria.
KAHULUl— Arrived Feb 14— Bkn John Smith,
from Newcastle. NSW; Russ bktn Bering, hce,.
Jan • 21. 25— Nlc bktn . Sharpshooter. henc« <*f
Feb 6 ■* r
Sailed Feb 28— Russ bktn Bering, for San
Fmnolsco
HILO— To sail Mar 6— Haw bark . Roderick
Dhu. for San Francisco. ; ■ ! '
Outside Feb 26— Brig supposed to be brig
Geneva, from Tahiti.
SYDNEY— Jan B— Bark Undaunted.for
San Francisco. 25— Er ship Socotra, for San
F NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed Jan 18-Br ship
Drummulr. for San Francisco. Bark .Mc-
Near, for San Francisco. Feb 4— Bktn Jane U
Stanford. 6— Schr Carrier Dove, for Honolulu;
ship Louisiana, for San Francisco. 10— Br ship
Port Logan, for San Francisco. -, ■ ■ >
In port Feb 14— Schr Defiance, for Honolulu;
Ger ship Ferdinand Fischer, for San Di*e:o:
Are bark Hlmala -a. for Honolulu: schr
Oceania Vance, for Eureka; Br ship Benrhyn >
Castle for San Francisco. - . '••:■■ Hr
Chartered to load at Newcastle. NSW-Br
ship Acamas. for San Francisco; •Br - ship
Ardeneraig. for San Francisco; Br ship A spree,
for San Francisco: Br. ship Belford for San
Francisco; bktn Chris F Crocker, for -Honoldla;
Br bark City of Adelaide, for San Francisco:
bark Colusa. for San Franclscorßr bark Cr>wn
of India, for San Francisco: Br ?hlp Dpi-n
blalr for San Francisco: Br ship Duchaiburn,
for San Francisco: bark Empire, for San Fran
cisco- Br ship Eulomene. for San Francisco;
TV ship Euterpe, for San Francl3;i: .bark G*n
Falrchlld for San Franclscn: ■ '?r ohip Glfford,
for San Francisco; schr Golden Shore. rrr
Honolulu: Br .ship Grenada, for San,Dl3*ro;
Ital bark Glusseppe, for San FrancHco; - nr
bark Inverneill. for San Francisco; ( Br baric
Inversnaid. for San Francisco: Haw sh!p. John
Kna, -for San Francisco: Br ship Lan*dalt>. for
San Francisco: Nic bark Leon, for San Fran
cisco: schr Lizzie Vance, for Honolulu v bark
Palmyra, for San Francisco: Br ship M;»yfi»)d.
for San Francisco: schr Metha Nelson; ' for
Honolulu: Br ship Rahane. for San Francis-..;
Br ship Springburn.. for . San : Francisco: .- Br
bark Veritas. for Honolulu.
SYDNF.Y— In port Feb 14— bark Edayfed,
for San Francisco, jjj .
TRANS- ATLANTIC STEAMERS. ■ ;• •
NEW YORK— Sailed Mar »— Stmr St- Paul
for . Southampton: stmr La Gascojjne for
Havre: stmr Teutonic, for Liverpool ; stmr
Frlesland. for -Antwerp. "V . v: -
Arrived Mar P-Stmr Massilla. from Mar- , .
seilles: stmr Weimar, from. Bremen { V'
Arrived March 9— Stmr Phoenicia; from Ham- V W
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Mar 9— Stmr Lahn.
for "New York. . ■ .
, LIVERPOOL— SaiIed ' : Mar 9— Stmr ? Waes
land. for Philadelphia. '• ••.-. .; .v ii.
v GLASGOW-Arrived Mar &-Stmr-..FurnesJa,
from New York. •;..■.:.•
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Mar »-Stmr Pavo
nla, for Boston. •.. t •ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
NOT AWARE
HE MET A
JURYMAN
How Kessler's Story
Got Before That
Body.
Harry Thomas, Anxious
to Tell All He
Knows.
Major Woodward Spends One
More Afternoon on
the Rack.
EXPLAINS WATER RATES.
Follows the Arguments That Were
Exploded Before the
Council.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. March 9.
All of Oakland and most of Alameda
are now centering their interest in the
doings of the Grand Jury. The rumors
of bribery in connection with the fixing
Ings of the Grand Jury. The rumors of
bribery in connection with the fixing
of water rates and the reported sale
of positions on the police force, as told
in The Call of February 15, are grad
ually enmeshing many citizens, and in
dictments are expected daily.
HARRY THOMAS, Secretary of the Board of Public "Works
The leading topic to-day is the story
of Special Officer Kessler, who says he
gave the Mayor's son $100 to aid him in
securing a pc-sition on the police force.
This story was told in The Call to-day,
and it will probably lead to the expos
ure of several similar incidents. For
three months it has been openly stated
that money was used in connection
with the appointment of the new men
some weeks ago, but all attempts to
trace the reports to their source have
proved unavailing. Even when proof
was brought forward the rumors have
been denied by all hands, and nothing
conclusive could be obtained.
Special Officer Kessler, however,
makes no secret of his transaction with
Secretary Thomas and the Mayor, and
he will soon be given an opportunity
to tell his story to the Grand Jury.
"1 made an application for a position
on the police force." said Mr. Kessler,
-on June 22. 1897. About July 10 this
funny business began. Harry did all
cf the business. On July 17 I gave
Harry the money. I took a photograph
tff the note for future use.
"I also have a letter from Farry, in
which he spreads it on thick. Anyone
knowing what I had done would under
stand by the letter that I was assured
a position. In it he assured me that I
was 'all right.' The appointments were
made on Saturday, and Monday after
noon I went to Thomas in the Uiy
Hall and demanded my money. He
paid me, and I had my little say. In
the midst of it Harry came in and at
tempted to- smooth matters over.
'Some time ago I went into a bus -
ness house in San Francisco on busi
ness, and after finishing we began to
talk about other affairs. I spoke of los
ing a place on the force when I thought
I was sure of it. My friend asked me
and I told the whole transaction The
next day I learned that the man I had
talked to was a grand Juryman. Aft
erward I told him that if the Grand
Jury would subpena all applicants I
would give all the evidence I had. I
don't want to take the brunt of this af
fair but if the others are made to tell
what they know I will tell what I
Harry Thomas says that he acknowl
edged the loan in a letter to Kessler,
but says that he made no promise to
secure him a place, because he could
not do it. "I am not the least bit
afraid to tell the Grand Jury all I
know," Raid he to-day. "I explained
everything to the District Attorney
some time ago."
It is very evident that the Grand
Jury is proceeding very systematically
with its deliberations. Major Wood
ward was before it many hours to-day
and was questioned very closely about
his knowledge of water rates. He said
he had read the newspaper reports of
the proceedings of the Fire and Water
Committees for years, and especially
this year, and was well posted. The
jury is evidently running down the
story that his long, clever and logical
defense of the extortionate water-rate
ordinance was not prepared by him but
by those who kn?w a great deal more
about the affairs of water companies.
Miss Vogelsanger, the typewriter who
wrote the defense, was also before the
jury and told of the condition of the
notes and memoranda from which the
document was prepared.
Major Woodward was closely ques
tioned regarding his knowledge of the
Henneberry ordinance that was sprung
on the Council without a moment's
warning. On that eventful evening Mr.
Hennebrry produced the ordinance that
has since become a law. To every
body's surprise, he also proposed that
Woodward, Watkinson and Upton be
appointed a special committee to ex
amine the document and report back at
once. This was Woodward's very first
meeting as a Councilman, yet he re
ported favorably on the pernicious in
strument in less time than it could pos
sibly be read. The jurors asked Wood
ward why he acted so hastily and how
he came to be so well informed on such
an Important matter at such short no
tice.
The Major then attempted to play
the same trick on the Grand Jury that
Heltmann tried at the Council. He
compared section 1 of both ordinances
and showed that In the Henneberry or
dinance the figures are lower. This is
true, but the committee's ordinance
provides for all charges in section 1,
while the Henneberry ordinance does
not. It cuts the committee"s figures
about 10 per cent on "poor men's
houses" and then adds extortionate
rates for a water closet, a bath, win
dow washing, sidewalk washing, irri
gation, hens, horse, cow and visitors in
other sections so that, according to
Councilman Rowe, his seven-room cot
tage is raised from $2 50 to about $5.
All these details show how thoroughly
the Grand Jury is covering the ground
in order to ferret out why the solid six
should vote against the best interests
of the people.
W. F. Lewis, a money lender, was
present and said that it was his son
who had loaned Woodward money.
Ex-Assemblyman Howard Wright and
J. A. Standeford of the Grand Army
were also examined. The Grand Jury
will meet again at 1:30 o'clock to-mor
row. ____________
WAS %OT A HASTY ACTION.
Woodward and Thomas Given the
Same Treatment They Accorded
McElroy.
OAKLAND, March 9.— J. W. Osborne of
the Army and Navy Republican League
answers Councilman E. W. Woodward's
attack upon that organization with a
lengthy open letter. The principal points
are herewith presented:
"If Woodward was desirous of attempt
ing to cast odium on the action of, or
impugn the motives that actuated his
one hundred and twenty ex-comrades
(who not maliciously but with sorrow
and bowed heads performed a painful but
just duty on last Saturday evening and
one that was demanded by public, press
and pulpit) why did he not speak for him
self and in his own behalf and leave Mr.
Thomas to plead his own case or com
mend him to the tender mercies of an
outraged community? • * •
•"The meeting was called (not by Colonel
Hoguet, as Woodward would have his
readers believe, but was upon petition
signed by seventeen members of the
leußiie), two-thirds of whom were fast
friends of Woodward and Thomas, when
as Woodward well knows the by-laws of
our league require but five. And even
then after the petition was» presented to
the colonel commanding, for fear that a
call by him would subjec: him to the
criticism of the two guilty officials, the
colonel referred the same to the council
of administration of the league and that
body unanimously directed the colonel to
call the comrades together. * • •
"Had Woodward desired fair play and
was honest in the premises, his own acts
belie him. The very fact of his sending
his resignation to the league when no
charges had ever been presented against
him was of itself an evidence of guilt.
And why was he absent when his honor
and reputation (if any he has) were at
issue? • • •
"This we did without Colonel Hoguefs
consent or advice. The most amusing
portion of Woodward's Incoherent com
munication, however, is his laudation
now o€ ex-Commander McElroy, an In
dividual whom he and Thomas had ex
pelled without trial on the very ground
that the excited and agitated public of
this city are now clamoring for the head
of the said Woodward."
Varsity Nine Defeated.
BERKELEY. March 9.— The varsity
baseball nine met defeat this evening on
the university campus at the hands of a
team composed of former U. C. players
and several ' crack players of the Berke
ley High School. The score was 10 to 5.
The teams lined up as follows: '.-
Varsity. Picked Nine. .
Mefr T .. y .....: c C. Elston
Kaarsberg P •-•• Dims
Collins 1 b............ Henessey
McLaren .........2 b....v •••• Hunter
aer 3 b..... ......... Spencer
Foster : ....... ..s. s Krug (cant)
Hoag (capt.) c. t Ha jc&i
H0ag^(capt.)......1.,f ■»! >^
Belding r. t lUgs*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 10, 1898.
ORDERED TO
AVOID SALOONS
Oakland's Fire Chief Is
to Set a Good Ex
ample.
A New Rule That Is Due to
the Excitement of Last
Week.
Six Heads Fall, and It Is More Than
Likely That Other* Will
Follow.
£ RESOLVED, That the ®
$ Chief of the Fire Depart- $
£ ment, the Assistant Chief #
& and all permanent officers &
*•* of the department shall not **
# patronize saloons, and _
£ RESOLVED, That any ex- £
8 traman found under the in- £
# fluence of liquor shall be #
** dismissed. ®
«» « » os » o»owo« a«o a « a
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 9.
The Police and Fire' Commissioners
caused surprise to-day by passing
unanimously the above resolution. It
has been known for a long time that
the Oakland Fire Department has not
been an aggregation of John Gough's
disciples, but no such stringent rule
was expected.
The Individualizing of the Chief and
the fire warden has caused much com
ment and is the result of an incident
that occurred on the exciting night
when Councilman Brosnahan was es
corted from saloon to saloon by a squad
of police, while the mob reviled him.
At Thayer's saloon on that evening
Fire Warden Murdoch was on hand,
and in some manner he was embroiled
in a fight and was arrested the next
day. The Commissioners agreed to-day
that if Murdoch is In danger of being
arrested when his services are needed
it is best to make such a dilemma
impossible.
The sweeping nature of the new rule
can be understood when it is consid
ered that the Fire Department is on
duty all the time, and consequently the
resolution is absolutely prohibitive.
The department was shaken up this
morning and six heads dropped into the
basket. They are the heads of Stephen
Towne, stoker of Engine Company 1;
Louis Walker, tillerman of Truck Com
pany 3; Robert Grant, extraman of En
gine Company 2: Charles Groff, extra
man of Engine Hose Company; Thomas
Dolan, extraman of Hose Company 1;
Samuel Short, steward of Chemical
Company 3.
The men were dropped on recommen
dation of Chief Fair, and the following
appointments were made: J. H. Ayers
as stoker of Engine Company 1, W. B.
Scribner as tillerman of Truck 3, Wil
liam Laugrhland as steward, of Chemi
cal No. 3, William Backus as extraman
of Engine Company 2, T. Pullis as ex
traman of Hose Company 1, John Do
lan as extraman of Hose Company 1,
William Gamble as extraman of Truck
Company 2, George Weaver as foreman
of Engine Company 6, Thomas Gllmore
transferred from Truck 2 to Engine
Company 6.
A rule was also adopted by which the
fines imposed for punishment on mem
bers of the department will be placed
to the credit of the Oakland Firemen's
relief fund. Bert Swan, foreman of
Hose Company 3, was fined $10 for a
starter.
Commissioner Dow said the Fire De
partment needs stiffening up, and
hinted that the work of reform would
produce some unexpected results.
WITNESS GOES
TO PRISON
A Hie Sluffet Failed to Obey the
Court's Order to
Appear.
The McGlnnis Murder Trial Produced
a Small Sensation Last
Night.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 9.
Allie Sluffet was to-night committed to
the County Jail for five days by
Judge Ogden for contempt of court. Sluf
fet was subpenaed last night by Bailiff
Woodsum to appear this morning at 10
o'clock in the McGlnnis trial. Between
1 and 2 this afternoon a bench warrant
was Issued and the young man brought
into court. He was placed upon the wit
ness stand and excused a little after B
o'clock. As he left the chair Judge Og
den ordered him into custody and gave
him five days in which to reflect upon his
disobedience of the court's orders.
Adolph Strummel testified to-day that
John McGinnis, who is on trial for com
plicity in the death of D. A. Cronin, said
to him: "For Christ's sake, Adolph. tell
Cronin that Bryan is drunk and going to
kill him." Gus Wilßoir, a 19-year-old k.d ,
testified that the defendant asked him to
help catch Bryan, as he had a gun and
was going to kill Cronin. Mrs. Ross was
also a witness.
Judge Ogden wanted to hold court this
evening in order to take all of the tes
timony, but being unable to secure the
witnesses the case went over until to
morrow, when it will be submitted to the
jury. _
A Son Finds His Father.
OAKLAND, March 9.— Jacob Spuhn of
Elmhurst, who left his home and family
in Chicago twenty-five years ago and had
not heard a word from any of them since,
was visited by his son on the 25th of last
month in the most unexpected manner.
Spuhn left two boys and two girls when
he came west and now both the boys are
prosperous business men and the two
girls are married. On the day mentioned
one of the boys dropped Into a store and
after being introduced under a fictitious
name made close inquiries as to his fam
ily affairs. He then told the old gentle
man he was talking to his son. The next
few days were spent talking over the
past. The son has now returned to his
mother and family, where it is thought
that a missive will soon be written ask
ing the father to come to spend his de
clining days.
Y. M. C. A. Anniversary.
OAKLAND, March 9.— Thursday even
ing the First M. E. Sunday-school or
chestra, the vested choir of the Church
of the Advent, the Knickerbocker Male
Quartet and Mrs. Martin Schultz and Mrs.
Carroll-Nicholson will supply the music
for the anniversary meeting of the Y. M.
C A. in the First Congregational Church.
Hon. Irving M. Scott will be the orator
of the occasion.
TWO VIEWS OF
AN AMBITION
People of Many Towns
Discuss United
Government.
Report of the Committee Is
the Cause of Much
Debate.
Alameda Sends a Protest, but the
Berkeley Delegates Are
Favorable.
OAKLAND, March 9.— The question
of a consolidated city and county was
before the Board of Trade this even
ing, and delegates from surrounding
towns were present. The committee
appointed two weeks ago consisted of
Messrs. Sol Kahn, J. T. Naismith and
M. J. Keller.
Chairman Kahn read the report and
stated that it was the joint work of
the committees of the Merchants' Ex
change and the Board of Trade. It
read:
The committee has seen fit to deal
in two things, facts and figures only,
and if there are any other reasons
beyond these two that Bho~uld argue in
favor of consolidation we trust they
will find expression in the debate
which will follow the reading of this
reDort We herewith present figures
which' we feel will appeal to every
taxpayer every Individual paying in
terest on a mortgage in Alameda,
Berkeley and Oakland property. These
facts we know will convince them of
the benefit of a consolidated city and
C0 We l> find n th'it \he city and county
eovernment can be maintained at an
cost of $1,275 000 as per
the figures presented by City Auditor
Snow at the last meeting of the con
solidation committee. This on an as-
Kf .=sed valuation of $10,000,000 would
make a tax rate of $1 70 on the $100,
which compares favorably with San
Francisco. It may be a surprise to
some of you to know that for every
$100 worth of property assessed in Oak
land $19 50 is covered by mortgage.
On the same basis Alameda has $27 50.
and Berkeley on a like basis has $2o
covered by mortgage. Money Is bor
rowed In San Francisco at from 6Vt to
7 per cent per annum. Here interest
pavers are taxed S per cent and over.
Under consolidation we could also
borrow at 7 per cent and less.
Basing calculations on the lowest
rates consolidation will annually save
Oakland homeowners, yet Interest
p-ivers $8S3i»O: Berkeley, $20,000 and
Alameda $32,775. In addition to these
figures taxpayers would make a sav
ing of {260,000 in taxes. We also de
sire to call your attention to harbor
interests in 'which we are mutually
concerned. A
The report then proceeded to show
how the advantages that would fol
low from the consolidation would be of
equal benefit to both cities as far as
the harbor '» concerned. These points
have been already fully explained in
The Call.
Mr. Gelder of Berkeley said the time
has come when the peonle of Alameda
County have got to do something for
themselves. Many people In Berkeley
are In sympathy with this movement.
Director J. F. W. Sohst surprised the
meeting with his figures regarding the
difference of interest rate between Oak
land and San Francisco, which he ob
tained by a visit to a San Francisco
bank. He said that ror twenty years
Oakland has paid 60 cents more taxes
than San Francisco, and yet it has
nothing to show for it — not a park, not
a city hall, in fact, nothing. Berkeley
is disgusted with her government and,
in fact, has no government.
"We have no Justice Court to enforce
the law and cannot bring our cases to
Oakland. Can we not have one gov
ernment? We surely can. We now
pay a county assessor and each of our
cities pays again to have the property
assessed again, and is that rational?
San Francisco is interested in keeping
us fighting in this county so that she
can step in and get our trade and eat
up our spare money by taking it as
increased interest on mortgages. I
represent the small propery owners and
there are lots of us. We have nothing
in Berkeley. Not a policeman, not a
fire department and electric lights, for
which we pay double to the same cor
poration as you do in Oakland."
Mr. Naismith said there are four city
governments, four sanitary districts,
several school districts, fire commis
sioners at Temescal and Fruitvale, and
under consolidation there would be but
one City Council and a Board of Edu
cation. The cost of all the elections
alone is enormous, and cannot be
passed by, and I believe the scheme will
be successful.
T. G. Daniels of Alameda was invit
ed to speak, It being well known that
he is opposed to the measure, and the
meeting being desirous of hearing his
objections.
"The people of AlamMa are almost
to a man opposed to consolidation," he
said. "The plan will not do away with
two governments, but you will need
nearly all the officials you have now.
Fire, police and street departments will
have to be largely expanded. You will
have, like San Francisco, a Sheriff's of
fice and a police department. Neither
is it certain that consolidation
will reduce taxes. It will cut
off fifteen millions of assessable
property, which will decrease the in
come which will have to be made up
elsewhere.
Tallesen Evans, Cralgie Sharpe, E. C.
Sessions, J. S. Emery also spoke. Mrs.
Cunningham of Lfvermore spoke for
the other end of the county. She said
that she did not know whether Murray
Township wanted to be left out, and
also made a request that at the next
meeting delegates be invited from all
the little towns in the eastern end of
the county. President Taylor said the
request would be cheerfully complied
with. The next conference will be
held the second Wednesday in April.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, March 9.— William J. Mo
ran of East Oakland filed a petition of
insolvency this afternoon. His liabilities
are $717 05 and assets $199 80. Of this $49 50
is under attachment and the balance Is
clothing and furniture.
Mrs. Alvira F. Watson secured an order
against her husband, William S. Watson,
to show cause why he snould not be com
mitted for contempt for refusing to pay
the plaintiff $25 alimony on March 1, as
ordered by the court.
The first meeting of the Grand Army of
the Republic posts. Woman's Relief Corps
and Sons of Veterans will take place Sat
urday evening in Loring Hall to arrange
for Memorial Day, May 30. It is expected
that a marshal and orator of the day will
be selected upon that evening.
Ed Austin, aged 17 years, left home Sat
urday with $75 belonging to his mother
and started for the Klondike. His father
has asked that he be arrested on reaching
Seattle and sent back.
Henry J. Ahlers, serving time in the
County Jail as a vag, shows signs of in-
Banity'and will be examined by a lunacy
commisslon.
The Farmers' Institute will meet at
Livermore April 1 and 2. Messrs. Crel
lin, Buckley and Inman are making the
necessary arrangements. Any one intend
ing to make a display should notify the
committee.
The blocks for the paving of East
Twelfth street are en route from Mendo
cino County and are expected early next
week. They will be discharged at the foot
of Ninth avenue, where they are to be
dipped in a preparation before being laid.
F. DANIEL FRAWLEY TO WED
♦-
J Miss Ada Lewis, "the Tough Girl," Will Make the
o- Actor-Manager Happy.
♦• From Washington, D. C, comes the news of the engagement of T.
♦■ Daniel Frawley, the well-known theatrical manager, and Miss Ada
♦■ Lewis of May Irwin's company.
♦■ Miss Lewis is, like Frawley, a leading member of the theatrical
♦• profession. Particularly is she well-known and admired in this city,
♦■ her birthplace, and the scene of her very first efforts in the profession
♦■ wherein she has gained such high laurels. Though It has been in the
f character of the "tough girl" that Ada Lewis has gained her reputation
f as an actress, nevertheless she is one of the most refined and gentle
f persons imaginable. Her career has been an eventful one. Genuine
♦• merit, and an inclination for study and hard work, coupled with a
f natural adaptability for the stage, have been responsible for her success.
f From a modest beginning, obscure and unknown, she has risen to the
f topmost rounds of the ladder, and has earned for herself a national rep
♦• utation.
f The acquaintance of Miss Lewis and Mr. Frawley dates back to the
f early part of last summer, when they were in New York City. Shortly
f afterward Miss Lewis was apprised of her mother's serious illness, and
f came to San Francisco. She remained here until her mother died, hav
f ing apartments at the Occidental Hotel.
f Mr. Frawley is so well known to San Franciscans that comment
f upon his career seems almost needless. Theater-goers have been
f greatly interested in many stories circulated concerning his matrimo
f nial intentions, and now that he has made his choice they will heartily
f offer him congratulations.
+• Though the announcement of the engagement of Frawley and Miss
f- Lewis was telegraphed from Washington, D. C, yesterday morning,
♦■ Mr. Friedlander of the firm of Friedlander & Gottlob asserted that he
f positively knew that no engagement existed. He did not explain the
♦■ source of his information, but further declared that he knew Mr.
♦■ Frawley was not engaged to marry any one.
PRINTERS STILL
ON A STRIKE
Berkeley Publishers Explain
Why the Reduction Was
Made.
Declare They Had the Alternative
of Reducing Wages or Going
Out of Business.
BERKELEY, March ?.— The newspaper
publishers of Berkeley have made a state
ment of their position toward the print
ers' strike which still continues in the
college town. Their version of the exist
ing difficulty is as follows:
"About three months ago we were re
quested by our employes to unionize our
offices. This meant a general Increase
In wages. It was represented that this
increase in wages would be offset by a
corresponding increase in business. Prior
to that time the employes in the mechan
ical departments were paid strictly ac
cording to the value of their services.
After due consideration we decided to
give the new pystem a trial. We did so
and It proved a failure. There was a
heavy increase In wages, but the receipts
of the offices remained stationary.
"At the end of three months we were
confronted with the alternative of going
out of business or reducing wages. The
situation was explained to the printers.
They were informed that it was necessary
to reduce the wages below the union
rates, but that they would be paid more
than before the unionizing.
•'The majority of the men expressed
themselves satisfied, but it was first
necessary to obtain the consent of the
Oakland Typographical Union, which has
jurisdiction over Berkeley.
"Last Saturday night the union voted
on the proposition and rejected it. Ac
cording to the laws of the union the
Berkeley printers, not having been mem
bers in good standing for six months,
were not allowed to vote. Consequently
they were forced to leave their positions
by the vote of the Oakland printers.
""The printers are now circulating
stories to the effect that under the pres
ent scale their wages would be cut from
50 to 100 per cent. This is totally untrue.
As a matter of fact the new scale is from
30 to 80 per cent higher than the one in
force prior to the adoption of the union
schedule. The new scale ranges from $10
to $1S a week, and not a flat scale of $10 a
week as is claimed by the men who are
Oakland Typographical Union. No. 36,
of which the striking printers are mem
bers to-day distributed a number of cir
culars appealing to "all men and women
of Alameda County who believe in re
taining the integrity of American insti
tutions to cease patronizing them until
such time as they awake to a realization
of the fact that there are other people in
this great commonwealth and that they
have rights which must be respected.
District Organizer J. J. Galvin of the
International Typographical Union has
also issued a number of circulars to be
distributed in Berkeley, calling on uni
versity students to withdraw patronage
from the Berkeley publishers.
The Oakland Typographical Union last
i evening adopted the following resolution:
Resolved. That the Oakland Typographical
Union No. 36 appreciates the earnest and
| BtralKht forward action taken by the Oakland
Enquirer and San Francisco Call In placing
.before the public a correct account of the
grievances which the union has with the em
ployers of printers In Berkeley.
Should Pay Their Board.
BERKELEY, March 9.— Editor Creed of
the college daily has come out with a
vigorous protest against the fact. revealed
In Football Manager Brown's report, that
during the football season none of the
members of the varsity squad contributed
to the cost of maintaining the training
table "Aside from the criticism which
o'uKht to be heaped upon such a practice
from a purely business point of view,
("reed declares editorially. "It deserves
condemnation because it is a questionable
feature of athletic?.'
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. March 9.— A special com
mittee of the Board of Regents will meet
in Berkeley next Tuesday to take action
on Professor Moses' proposal to change
positions for a year with Professor Miller
of the University of Chicago.
Hicks Judd & Co. of San Francisco
have presented a collection of eighty
eiKht books to the university library.
The Glee Mandolin and Banjo clubs of
the university will soon combine under
the name of the Musical Association of
the University of California. Manager
Hueh Webster is endeavoring to arrange
for a grand concert on the evening of
commencement day. May 18.
The Alumni Association will meet in
San Francisco a week from next Satur
day evening to discuss plans for the
alumni exen ises which are held regular
ly in Berkeley on commencement day.
Aueust Mejji of West Berkeley is miss-
Inir His creditors have attached his
nlace and his wife has appealed to Sheriff
White to assist her In finding her miss
ing husband. _
Library Expert's Report.
ALAMEDA, March 9.— Expert Da vies.
who has been at work on the library
books for some time seeking to straighten
out matters connected with the Har
hourne defalcation, has nearly completed
his task, and expects to have his report
re'adv some time next week. Unless a
snecial meeting of the Board of Library
Trustees is called, however, it cannot be
Presented to that body before the first
Tuesday of next month. What he has
discovered is of course not known.
Brotherhood of St. Andrew.
ALAMEDA. March 9.— Special services
wot" held nt Christ Church last evening
under the auspices of the Brotherhood of
St Andrew. St. Cecilia's choir of fifty
voices rendered the musical portion of
the exercises, and addresses were de
livered by George Bennett of San Fran
cisco and Professor Bailey, who spoke on
"The Living Church."
Electric Light Deficit.
ALAMEDA, March 9.— The report of
Treasurer Wheeler, just filed, shows that
tb^re is a deficit in the electric light fund
of "over $1600. It Is claimed that this defi
cit is constantly increasing, but no ex
the fac-simile V3^ S/*2ZZa+ m £ oa^^ '^PP^
dgnature of " (Z&rZ&£&l of CASTOEIA.
planatlon has been given other than that
it may be due to the recent expenditures
in the way of wiring for porch lights.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, March 9.— The Coroner's
jury charges foul play in the case of an
infant found in the bay near the Alameda
mole the other day, but there is no clew
as to the perpetrators.
Electric cars will soon be run from Ala
meda directly to the Sixteenth-street de
pot in West Oakland. This will be a
great convenience to the traveling public.
A reception is to be tendered this even
ing at Salvation Army Hall to Captain
and Mrs. Webster, who have come to
take charge of this field.
The Patriots of America will hold a
meeting at Randolph Hall on Thursday
evening for the purpose of completing
their organization.
The city delinquent tax sale will take
place on Saturday morning at the City
Hall.
No one sufficiently patriotic has yet
been found to take charge of the flag In
the public park. It is expected that the
Grand Army post will take action at its
next meeting.
A chess tournament has been inaugur
ated by the Encinal Recreation Club, be
ginning Monday night. Games will be
played on Monday and Thursday even
ings until the series is completed. There
are forty names on the list of competi
tors.
On Friday evening next Professor Hud
son of Stanford will lecture under the
auspices of the Teachers' Club on "The
Poetry of Tennyson."
City Assessor Smith will commence his
field work next week, with George Sturt
evant as his assistant.
An Afternoon Wedding.
OAKLAND, March 9.— Miss Caroline
Schutz and Harry Balsdon were married
this afternoon at 4 o'clock at the home
of the bride's parents, 1303 Grove street.
Rev. R. F. Coyle officiating:. The bride
Is the youngest daughter of F. "W. Schutz,
a wealthy resident of this city. The fam
ily came here from Colusa County. The
groom is the only son of James Balsdon,
one of the oldestand wealthiest residents
of Colusa County. The bride's brother
served as best man and the groom's sis
ter was the bridesmaid. After a luncheon
the couple left for a month's honeymoon
trip through the southern part of the
State. On their return they will reside in
Colusa County.
He Robbed Buckley's House.
OAKLAND, March 9.— One of the burg
lars who has been working in this city is
now in jail. Dave Ree%-es, who did the
job at Mr. Buckley's house last Friday
night, pawned some of the booty around
town and was arrested at Sixth and
Broadway. He is an old-timer with sev
eral priors and made a full confession to
night in the hope that the priors might
not be held against him.
FOR THE MURDER
OF MRS. CLUTE
Albert Hoff, Who Is Accused of
the Crime, Placed on
Trial.
Seven Jurors Have Already Been
Secured, and Testimony Can
Soon Be Taken.
Albert Frederick GeorgeVereneseckock
ockhoff, otherwise known for various rea
sons under the abbreviated title of Albert
Hoff, was placed on trlai before Judge
Cook yesterday morning for the murder
of Mrs. Mary A. Clute. On the morning
of December 10 the murdered woman was
found In her residence on Guerrero street,
her skull crushed in by some L.unt In
strument. Near the body lay a coupling
pin, stained with blood. This was the
only clew left by the murderer. Hoff was
seen leaving her house, and it was after
ward found that ne was the owner of a
coupling pin similar to the one with
which Mrs. Clute had been killed. Other
developments pointed toward Kou as the
murderer, and he was arrested.
When the work of drawing a Jury was
commenced Hoff was all attention. He
would lean forward and peer anxiously at
each new iace, an- would then busy him
self working his bony fingers through
each other. During the day twenty-six
talesmen were examined, and all were
questioned at length by Attorney W. H.
Schooler, who represents the defendant,
and Assistant District Attorney Hosmer,
who is prosecuting in the interests of the
people. At the end of the day's work
seven jurors had been accepted, and it 13
thought that me Jury will be completed
to-day. Those wno now occupy the box
are: I. M. Merrill. L. Lasar, A. S. Lown
des, W. F. Doane, J. Bremer, F. O. and
J. F. Murray.
MIDWEFK NOTES
OF THE THEATERS
Marteau Plays at To-day's Symph
ony Concert — A New Singer at
the Tivoli To-night.
Every seat in the Baldwin la sold out
for the rest of the week, which the Bos
tonlans will devote to repetitions of
"Robin Hood." On Monday night a com
pany headed by Joseph Holland will pre
sent a comedy by Mrs. Ryley, "The Mys
terious Mr. Bugle."
At the symphony concert this afternoon
Marteau, the violinist, will play Bruch's
G minor concerto and a Bach sonata for
violin alone. The programme, which al
ready has been published, is a long one
and the Tivoli doors will be closed against
late comers punctually at 3:15.
The Primrose and West minstrels are
doing well at the Columbia. The Orph
rum has a fine new bill, headed by Sabel
and her living sheet music. Kudenoff. the
fantastic delineator, and the Jose Quintet.
"A Gilded Fool" is drawing well at the
Alcazar. "The Geisha" comes to a close
this week at the Tivoli. To-night Miss
Helen Merrill will appear in the part of
O Mimosa San. "The Woman in Black"'
Is making the customary good business
for Morosco's. There will be no more
farewell paragraphs for Chiquita of the
Chutes as she has been indefinitely re
engaged. The California reopens Monday
with the Broadway comedians in "Town
Topics" at cheap prices.
PACIFIC-UNION
LADIES' ANNEX
Scheme to Establish the Res
taurant Abolished at a
Special Meeting.
Members Fancied That the Cl\it>
Might Get a White Elephant
on Its Hands.
The Pacific Union Club at a special
meeting yesterday afternoon practically
decided to abandon the scheme to estab
lish ?in annex for the ladies. Seventy or
more members attended the meeting and
listened to the estimate of the cost of
equipping and maintaining the proposed
restaurant in the large store room at the
corner of Post and Stockton streets.
The scheme was proposed by certain
well-to-do members of the Pacific Union,
who are not qualified to join the Uni
versity Club. The latter institution main
tains a restaurant for the convenience of
the wives and daughters of its members
and has therefore gained considerable
favor in society circles. Members of ths
Pacific Union who took no thought of ex
pense fancied that it would be easy to
make their club accessible to the ladiea
in this manner.
The plan to establish the annex pro
gressed so far that the corner store room
on the ground floor of the big building
was leased. Then came a pause. Mem
bers who have no wives and daughters to
consider began to estimate the probabla
expense of the new departure. It was
found that the sum of $10,000 would be re- %
quired to furnish and decorate the res
taurant. The cost of rent and mainten
ance would approximate $1000 a month.
The rent alone is $350 per month and tha
club now stands bound to pay this sum
If the landlord does not release the in
stitution from the agreement. It is sup
posed, however, that there will be no dif
ficulty in finding a good tenant willing to
pay that sum for the store premises.
The figuring yesterday was to the ef
fect that the club, after expending from
$12,000 to $15,000 In getting ready to enter
tain the ladies, would be bound to spend
about $1000 a month to keep up the enter
tainment.
The conservative judgment of the club
was that the proposed annex would prove
to be a very costly white elephant, hence
it was decided to abandon the schema
altogether.
Circular or elliptical haloes round the
sun indicate violent storms, especially
if the haloes are dark in tint or of a
laVge diameter. Lightning and mag
netic disturbances may also be expect*
ed from these signs.
. X^^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Mi-ktr^m 625 KF ARK V HT. Established
flnrlH 'n 1854 for the treatment of Prlvat*
M J*Si-Uf diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
"fßrHifOTrl disease wearing on body and mind and
' 3?^BBBkI s km Diseases. The doctorcures when
■SBwBfIMS others fail. Try him. - Charges low.
4'i3i-«-»cuarnntr«*d. Call or write.
Or. J. F. uttlllON, Bex 1957. San Fiaaclsco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co;
Ml., Steamers leave Broadway
HKSAk' wharf, San Francisco:
lSaK^o«»fc For Alaskan ports, 10 a, m..
IsTaSC\«^ March 2, 7, 12. 17. 22. 27. April
: E£&tS§i «Bl 1- Transferred at Seattle.
HBK^tfMkl For Alaskan ports (from
' r^"BK3B5Sl\ Spear street wharf), 10 a. m..
}i{ arc h 2, 6. 10, 14, IS, 22. 26. 30.
"* Transferred at Portland, Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anaeortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m., March 2, 7.
12 17 22 27 and every fifth day thereafter.
connecting at Seattle with company's steam-
ers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma with
N P Ry., at Vancouver with C. P. Ry.
■For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m..
March 3. 9. 15, 21, 27. and every sixth day.
& v oj*£flf t ftl" ' ' '**' ' ' "*
th For a Santa ' Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
I Cameos Port Harford ~ (San -Luis Obispo),
Gavlota. Santa Barbara, . Ventura, Hn~neme,
c. n Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport a..m.. March 2. 6. 10. 14. 13. 22, 26.
30. and every fourth day thereafter. -i
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angles), 11
af mf: March 4. 8, 12. .16. 20. 24. 28, and every
fourth day thereafter. .
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Pabo Mazatlan. Altata, La Pn^, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. March 8.
April 3, and 2d of each month thereafter. V».
The company reserves the right to changa
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates)
nr,l hours of palllne.
TICKET OFFICE -Palace Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery street. .- •
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts..
.10 Market street, . San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
. From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CiDC JM2 First Class Including BertU
rAHC $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: .
State of California..... ...Mar. 2. 10. M. 28
C01umbia.......................... Mar. «, 14. 93, 80
. Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap*
plication : . to .
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
~~-" i :t > Superintendents. ■
S. S. ZEALANDIA.
HONOLULU only.
S *>MbS £ " 81lr Satur(3ay, March 12, at
PHMMAfifiA 2S. S. Special party
ifcßHlLfnr HONOLULU only.
l*t**" "Saturday. March 12, at
y™^ 2 p. m. Special party
WtSS^JI J "The S. S. MOANA
G)IMIIIjIIIk v sails via Honolulu and
Y*gSP r /Rmß^l?lf- Auckland for Sydney
»iO*^ ' VyilfJVllUq^ Wednesday. March 23.
■ ->"■-■•.' ■ at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAP*
BROS. CO.. Agents,
j. v. D.^--;v;?:D .^-- ; v;?: m Montgomery street
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
; French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new)..« North >*C»f>
RKer foot of Morton st. Travelers
tTkormandie :...... ..March 19. 10 a. m.
t'a PHAMPAONE ..March 26 10 a. m.
A nnmoOGVE April 2. 10 a. m.
L* 8RETAGNEj.:::::.........Apr119. A r " m
LA NORMANDIE...-..-. •-•••• April 11
For further particulars •gggj^ A)?ent
No. 3. Bowling Green. New^York.
J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery;
aye.. San Francisco. §
DIRECT TO PARIS. LONDON. HAMBURG.
£ BlLmaVck"' April MtA. Victoria May 2J
ftrrtSSta*H r«£ 2n rnhln J45 up. St^rajre M
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE,
NEW YORK-HAMBURO DIRECT.
KiaTl a lvan ! a : M^pH. 2 « ! So,-:: 3
Pretoria April 16' Pennsylvania ..May U
Hambonr-American Line." 87 Broadway, NY. .
HFRZOG & CO.. General Agents Pacific Coast,
401 California st.'. cor. Sansome. San Francisco,
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Lear© Pier No. 3. Washington St.. at 9
. p. m. Daily.
FREIGHT RELKIM2U If TO 5:30 P. M.
- Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and giv*
ing through freight rates to all points on th«
Valley Railroad. STEAMERS .
T.C.WALKER CITY OF STOCKTON.
MARY G\RR-\TT. J.D.PETERS. -■ .
Telephone Main 805. Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co,
for San Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
Steamer Alviso leaves Pier 1 daily (Sundaya
excerted) at •10 a, ■ m. : • Alvlso dally (Saturday!
exceDted) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passenger*,
Fare ween San Francisco and Alviso > 50c i
to San Jose. 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 Nortß
; First street. San Jose. (
FOB U.S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
-i'l Steamer " Monticello" .
■Will leave vau<ki Saturday, ti p. m.; will leavt
San ; Francisco Saturday. 8:30 p. m. ■ KegjilaJ
card Sunday morning, March IS L 1898^^*
phone Red 2241. HATCH BRO&
1112
TRAVERSER RAN
A FAST MILE
Beat His Field Off for the
Rich Rancho Del
Paso Stake.
The Despised Outsider Soscol
Gave Chihuahua a Hard
Rub.
Two Favorites Were Beaten— Paul
Gri.igs Extended to Down Tea Rose.
Miss Rowena in Form Again.
"Pa" Bradley's corking good colt,
Traverser, racing out here in the colors
of Burns & Waterhouse, picked up an
other stake at Oakland track yester
day, and did it in a way that dispelled
any illusion that he is not some pump
kins. He shouldered 124 pounds In the
Rancho del Paso Handicap, over a mile,
for three-year-olds, and, with Thorpe
in the saddle to hustle him along,
clipped around the ring in 1:40%. Bar
ney Schreiber's Marplot, with 108
pounds, and Tod Sloan up, stayed with
the chestnut for the first six furlongs,
■which was covered in 1:14, and there
had enough. Traverser won in romp
ing fashion, six lengths in front of Lin
stock, piloted by •Skeets" Martin.
Twinkler, against which as good as 150
to 1 was laid, took show honors.
The favorites captured about every
thing in sight, Mossbrae and Odds On
proving the only disappointments. No
great "killings" were registered, though
all of the winners were accorded hearty
support. The track was both fast and
slow. Next the rail it was smooth and
hard as a billiard table, while ten yards
out it was harrowed up nearly a foot
deep. This fact nearly caused the de
feat of Paul Griggs in the fifth event,
as Tea Rose scooted along this path,
and it took the gray horse's life to win
out.
Miss Rowena, the fast Burns & Wa
terhouse filly, made her first start this
season In the opening five furlong
scramble, and, with nothing to beat but
a cheap lot of "jacks," won* under dou
ble wraps. She was a 1 to 2 chance in
the ring. Towanda. a 60 to 1 shot, fin
ished second, a length ahead of Mor
decai. another outsider.
The poor showing made by Semicolon
on Monday did not prevent his winning
in clever fashion yesterday. The books
laid 6 to 1 about him, and with Spencer
in the saddle he headed Engea in the
Btretch and led Oraibee past the wire
half a length, stepping the four fur
longs in :49?4- Mossbrae, the luke
warm favorite, was fourth, half a
length behind Toluca.
Odds On had a slight call in the bet
ting over Chihuahua in the six furlong
sprint, third on the card. Trailing Chi
huahua and Soscol all the way, the fa
vorite showed first fifty yards from the
wire, but was again passed and finished
third. In a fierce drive Clawson man
aged to get Chihuahua in winner a
nose before the outsider.
The 7 to 10 chalked against Paul
Griggs taking the six furlong purse af
fair lasted but a short time, the gray
going over to the gate a 1 to 2 chance.
In a drive Dorsey got him up just in
time to beat Tea Rose a neck in 1:14
flat.
Sam Hildreth's colt Lincoln II was
In rare form and the mile and a furlong
proved an easy thing for him. Reced
ing in the betting from 6 to 5 to twos,
he assumed the lead in the stretch and
won as he pleased from Red Glenn.
Paul Pry finished in the show.
TRfiCK ITEMS.
Trie victory of Semicolon cost the colt's
owner the purse. When put up to be sold the
youngster was bid up f rom v s2oo to $500 by Billy
Beverly, the bookmaker.
Dave Gideon, the well-known Eastern turf
man, has had enough of the sport and will de
part for the East to-day.
Tommy Butler, the jockey, had a narrow
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB - Oakland Track-Illth day of the
V/ Winter Meeting, Wednesday, March 9, 1898. Weather cloudy. Track
fast.
10.
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling: three-year-olds; purse. $300.
...Miss Rowena 106 1
543 Towanda 105 2
332 Mordecal 110 4
690 Glenn Anne 105 11
€02 Rosa 100 3
... Fleming 113 10
241 Na Pogue 113 9
2CS St. Philip 107 7
CIS Muldrew 105 5
114 Judge N'apton 107 8
596 Little T G 105 6
674 Malnbar 100112
1 3
4 4
6 l M
8 2
7 2
10 3
9 2
2 14
6 1
3 2
11
12
1 10
4 Vi
6 3
8 V*
9 2
7 M
6 1
2 V,
10 4
3 1
11 M
12
1 8 (Thorpe
2 1 iR. Narvaez ..
3 ns IH. Brown
4 h McDonald ...
tU I ipvln
6 H JHennessy
7 Vi IClayton
8 6 IConley
9 2 iDorsey
10 1 Spencer
11 Holmes
12 Clawson
3-5
30
15
10
20
8
8
15
80
10
10
10
1-2
60
20
30
60
10
8
20
60
20
40
30
Time, 1:02% Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's b. f. by Imp. Midlothian-Imp. Paloma.
Qood Btfixt. Won pulling up. _^^_^
11.
SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $350.
6SS Semicolon 106 3
€98 Oral bee 100| 2
698 Toluca 97 1 7
CSS Mossbrae 109 4
ess Malay 105 8
652 Santello 108 6
698 Buena Ventura 105 5
... Purmlah 97110
675 Engea 103 1
6?S Rue! van 97 9
Cl 6 Dunpraise 109 11
... Uhler 112112
2 Ms
7 %
6 2
5 V,
4 h
8 4
3 2
10 1
1 2
9 3
11 1
12
2 V,
6%.-
7 V,
4 %■
6 2
6 Vt
3 h
9 1
1 3
10 2
11 1
12
1%
2 %'
3 %
4 Vi
6 4
6 C
7 1
8 3
9 3
10 6
11 1
12
pencer
!. Martin ...
ray
layton
onley
[acklin
4
6
6
3
6
15
8
30
4
10
M
30
8
5
8
7-2
8
40
12
7
5
60
30
GO
[rnnessy
lawson
horpe
Woods
folmes
evln
Time, :ii\.
•Winner, J. T. Stewart's b. c. by Exile-Period. Good start.
Won all out.
12.
ndex. I
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
HorseT Weight. jStl Km. %m. Str. Fin. | Jock
690 Chihuahua 109 3 ... In 11 11
705 Boaool 104| 1 ... 2 V 4 2 1 2 1
607 Odds On 112' 2 ... 3 3 3 3 3 3
707 Imperious 112 4 ... 5 4 Vi 4 2
... Hohrmlohe 107 1 5 4 h 5 6
Time, 1:15. Winner. T. EL Casey's br. g. by Emperor of
Ftart. Won first three driving.
1 h IClawson 16-
2 h Spencer I 1
310 Thorpe 6-
4 C H. Martin ...
5 Conley
' Norfolk-Esperanza.
Clawson 1 6-5 3-2
Spencer I 15 40
Thorpe 6-6 11-10
H. Martin ... 4 11-2
Conley 5 20
;-5 3-2
15 40
i-6 11-10
4 11-2
5 20
Good
H.
710 FOTRTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds; the Rancho del
ft 10. purse, $1250.
Index" Horses. Weight. |St! Mm. %m. %m. Str. Fin. i Jo
Paso
sckeys.
Handicap;
lop: cT.
679 Traverser 124 1
i,r,2 Linstock 107;
220 Twinkler «0'
6WS Gotobed 10.1
SEC Los Prietos 10*>
702 Marplot ■■ 108
: 2
' 4
6
' 1
5
3
2 8
4 3
6
3 3
1 n
1 1
4 3
6
3 1
5 10
2 8
1 2
3 1
6
4 6
5 10
2 2
. 1 4
2 '.4
6
4 4
5 3
3 2
1 5
2 5
3 h
4 3
5 10
6
I norpe
H. Martin ...
Holmes
Clawson
6-5
3
M
20
It
5-1
Gray
|T. Sloan
Time, 1:46%. Winner, Burns Sg. Waterhouse's eh. c. by imp. Rosslngton-Betsy Broeck.
Good start. Won easily.
714.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
(697) Paul Griggs. 4 !10 2 ... 43 42 31 In Dorsey 7-10 1-2
637 Tea Rose 111. 4 98 1 ... lh I i£ In 2 3 Clawson 2 IC-5
rsi Beillcoso. 6 Vfi 4 ... 3 1H 2 h 2 2 3 4 Conley 8 8
(C7u) R. Q. Ban. 6 10613 ... 2 l'j 3 2 4 4 4 4 Spencer 15 60
... California. C IOS'B ... 7 h 614 5 4 5 2 Gray 6 20
6">7 Libertine, a 113 1 6 ... 6 1 7 3 6 2 610 Shields 4 12
fi7 Celoso. 4 OS; 5 ... 5 3 5 6 7 4 710 O'Connor 15 SO
C2l Earl Cochran. 5 191 1 7 ._. . 8 8 8 8 Holmes _ 50 _ 20 °
Time, 1:14. Winner, U. J. Johnston's br. h. by Imp. Order-Lucy Lisle. Good start. Won
first three driving.
T 8 PZ. SIXTH RACE— One and an eighth miles: Belling: four-year-olds and upward;
CIO* purse, $400.
695 Lincoln 11. 4 .105 3 7 1 6 h 61% 2h 12 13 .da
CB4 Red Glenn, a ...103 7 6hß 8 8 6 4 2h [Spe
706 Paul Pry. 6 ....109 4 4 2 4IH 4 h lh 2 3 3 8 Ida
619 Widow Jones, 4.... 97 2 1 h ,1 ft 11 3 4 3 1 4 2 |Mc 2
6* Serena. 6... ........... 101 1 3»4 3h 3h 41 4 ',4 5 5 ]Ora
706 Peter the Second. 6.101 8 5 >/4 . . 7 3 7hi 61 ]6 2 64 H.
63 Our Climate, 5 IM I 8 5h So 7% 8 76 Coil
700 Tujore. _4. 1U .....105 62h 21 2 h 51 7H 8 ! We
Time, 1:55. Winner, S. C. Hildreth's eh. c. by Bramble-Mary M.
easily.
iwson 6-5
?ncer 10
lyton 4
Nichols ... 15
ay 3
Martin ... 10
nle» 10
?uver 10
Good start.
Wfsnn
>ncer
lyton
Nichols ...
6-5
10
4
15
3
10
10
10
5 ■.■/ ' 2
0 12
4 6
5 30
3 6-2
0 15
0 ' ' 12
0 6
Won
ly
Martin ...
lle» ...
■aver .... ;.
escape from being seriously Injured yesterday
morning. While exercising Arno on the track
he was unable to pull out from the rail in
time to escape running Into a harrow which
was just rounding the first turn. Tommy was
toned up in the air about fifteen feet, land
ing in among the harrow horses. Arno fell
on top of the harrow. Fortunately both horse
and rider managed to get off with a few
scratches.
Owner R. D. Ledgett states that the black
horse imp. True Briton will make the season
at the Todhunter ranch, near Washington, Tolo
County, Cal.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First Race— Maiden three-year-olds; five fur
lOQflffl
f.74 Approbation ....104! 18 Lona Marie ....102
451 Ballister W4 : 652 Dr. Mizner 104
105 Santa Catarina.lo2 590 Eppinger 107
tti Momenoa KB 674 Ronita R. ...102
674 Agnes Tobin ...102 707 Rebecca Wells. 102
f,60 Notice Me IM! 560 St. Angelo 104
6ls Rose Maid 102 j 399 Carltst 104
674 Ockturuck 104! 602 Searchlight ....107
609 Loumont 102
Second Race— Six furlongs; three-year-oias
and upward: selling.
609 Musculado 106 581 Alvln E 117
700 Town Topics ...106 70S Abina 104
451 Master Mariner. 106 1 687 Bonnie lone •■■lo4
<6S6)Twlnk!e Twink.ll6 705 Bow and Arrowlo6
704 Lucky Star ....117 705 Saticoy 109
(650)Mocorito 104 70S Ping ...... ......109
<652) Roulette Wheel. 104 618 Spt. McAllister. 123
510 Donator 103 523 The Dragon ...123
710 Mainbar 105 578 Don Gara 123
705 Brambella 101
Third Race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds.
.. Rey del Rio 113] (692)Formero 113
698 Master Buck ..103 (603) E. Come 108
692 Humidity 105; 6SS Primavera 100
. . Physalls 110! 6SS Lobas 9S
Fourth Race— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and upward; selling.
(666) Plan 91 ; 707 Montallade ..... 99
706 Rev del Tlerra. 9S 691 Fonsovannah ..90
702 Flashlight 116; (654)C0111ns ..: 109
706 Don Clarencio.. 98
Fifth Race— One mile; three-year-olds and
upward: selling.
705 Aluminum i 88 i 699 Lost Girl 100
708 Good Friend .... 91 621 Olive ■■■• 1
ISO Lodestar 102 679 Melv. Burnham 91
706 Benamela 109 693 Don Fulano ....109
709 Imp Devil's D.l*) ; 696 Watomba ....... »*
669 Tom Smith ....102 i 215 Charles Le Bel. 88
703 Amelia F0n50...104 684 Miss Remsen .. 86
713 Gotobed 91 604 Charlotte M 86
707 Cabrlllo 103 1 705 Rio Frlo B>S
Sixth Race— Six and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and upward: selling.
Sadie Schwartz. 108 i 699 Mamie Scot ....102
697 Montgomery ...no (700) Highland Ball.. 99
620 Ricardo 102 j 657 Morlnga ; **
611 Mamie G-. 95! ... Eureka 100
703 Lone Princess.. 92 (703)51y 101
690 Caliente 107 709 Sea Spray 102
(TO'OChappie 99 615 Pelxotto . 103
Fortunate 108 ■•• Jack Atkins ...102
625 Robair 106 ... Lulu 100
♦ —
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Octuruck, Dr. Mizner, Search
light.
Second Race— Twinkle Twlnk, Town Topics,
Sat 1 coy.
Third Race— E. Come, Formero, Rey del Rio.
Fourth Race— Rey del Tlerra, Montallade.
Don Clarenclo.
Fifth Race— Good Friend, Cabrillo, Lodestar.
Sixth Race— Sly, Caliente. Montgomery-
LAST YEAR'S INSURANCE.
Cojnmissioner Clunie Makes His An
nual Report to Governor Budd.
Insurance Commissioner A. J. Clunie j
1 has prepared his thirtieth annual report
to the Governor of the business of his j
department for the year ending December
31, 1897, in which he shows that sixteen !
companies were admitted to transact
business and ten discontinued business.
Also that the average percentage of
losses to premiums on fire risks for 1897
was 55.3. the average percentage of losses ;
to premiums on marine risks was 81.4.
The general business for the year was :
summarized by the commissioner as fol
lows:
Fire Insurance —
Amount written $324,254,126 00
Premiums on same 4.767.019 28
Losses paid 2,637,70.; 71
Ratio of losses to premiums 55.3
Marine Insurance —
Amount written 193.995,325 00
Premiums on same 1,639,658 74
losses paid 1,375,91166
Ratio of losses to premiums 81.4 i
Apportioned as follows:
TO COMPANIES OF THIS STATE.
Fire Insurance —
Amount written 25,114,988 00
Premiums on same 3*9.1<2 19
Losses paid 211.973 3.)
Ratio of losses to premiums 0».4
Marine Insurance—
Amount written 16,886.460 00'
! Premiums on same I l°- 5 %° 9 ?
Losses paid 100.73n lo
| Ratio of losses to premiums 55. 0
TO COMPANIES OF OTHER STATES.
Fire Insurance— '
Amount written 114.442.031 00
Premiums on same 1..10,486 ;
Lowes paid 1.026,550 97
Ratio of losses to premiums 09.S i
Marine Insurance—
Amount written 13 ' 3 f?-f < 2i 22 !
Premiums on same 85. > i.' -vi
L-sses paid 6S ' 7S ? ft 2 l
Ratio of losses to premiums £0.1 :
TO COMPANIES OF FOREIGN COUNTRIES, j
Fire Insurance— .._ .. I
Amount written 184,696.607 00
Premiums on same 2,662,380 13 ■
Losp-s paid 1.399,147 44
Ratio of losses to premiums 52.6,
Marine Insurance—
Amount written 163, i .6.ni4 00
Premiums on same 1,413,228 26
Losses paid 1.201,39124
Ratio of losses to premiums 85.0:
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 10, 1898.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
George D. Gregory to August E. Drucker, lot
on S line of Green street. 137:6 E of Stelner.
E 65:3 by S 120, to Pixley street; also lot on S
line of Greenwich street. 275 W of Fillmore. W
3.1:11 by S 120: also lot on N line of Green
wich street, 6*3:0%, E of Stelner, E 71:5%, N
120. W G9:lVfci to Kickett Tract. S to beginning,
also lot on N line of Lombard street, 105:8 E
of Steiner, E 63 by N 137:6; $10.
August E. Drucker to William A. Gardner,
same (4 descriptions); $10.
August Drucker to Rosa Drucker, lot on N
line of Fulton street, )SOG:3 W of Broderlck. W
40 by N 137:6; $10.
Robert D. and Jennie Cranston to Isabella
Fowler, lot on NE corner of Masonic avenue
and Waller street, N 25 by E 100; $10.
German Savings and Loan Society to City
and County of San Francisco, lot on S line of
Waller street. 168 E Qf Sett. E 54:6. S 2SS:2'i.
W 64: 10%, N 281 :9 M, (Primrose street); also lot
on S corner of Waller and West Pierce streets
(extended S). E 65:9, S 316, \V 21:6, to point \V
47:7, to point 310:5 Vi S of Waller, N 310:5',?
(Pierce street); also lot on S line of Waller
street, 1S1:3 W of Stelner. W 50 by S 316 (Daisy
street); $1.
Ely 1. and Helen J. Hutchinson to Patrick
Long, lot on E line of Jessie street, 323 N of
Fourteenth, N 2r> by E 70: $10.
Samuel and Margaret Taylor to Peter Ma
loney, lot on S line of Twenty-fourth street,
152:9 E of Noe, E 25:11 by S 114; $10.
Henry and Augustine Cailleaud to Isabella
Levy, lot on S line of Morton street (St.
Mark's place), £3 w of Grant avenue, W 22:11
by S CO: $10.
"Isabella Levy to Sanf onl Sachs, lot on S line
of Morton street (St. Mark's place), 153:4 W
of Grant avenue, \V 22:11 by S 60; $10.
J. W. Goodwin to Sanford K. Ballard. un
divided hi of lot on E line of Hyde street,
112:6 N of Greenwich, N 23 by E 57; $10.
Michael O'Mara to Margaret Smith, lots 512
and 514, Gift Map 1: gift.
Michael O'Meara to Johanna O'Meara. lot
on SE line of Folsom street, 175 NE of Fifth.
NE 25 by SE 90; gift.
Same to Mary McCarthy, undivided Vi of
lot on N line of Natoma (Hunt) street, 180 E
of Third, E 20 by N 55; gift.
Pacific Land Association, Clinton C. and
Winnie G. Tripp to Emerson W. Scott, lot on
E line of Vermont street, 100 N of Mariposa,
N 25 by E 100, quitclaim deed; SI.
James H. Lawrence to Mary V. Lawrence,
lot on E line of Twenty-second avenue. 245 N
of A street. N 80. E 120, thence 63. SW 27:7*,
W 98:4; also lot on E line of Willard street,
51:3 S of Turk. S 76:3 by E 100; gift.
Martin Weaver to Leon De Bernardl, lot 24C,
Spring Valley Homestead Association: $10.
Mary E. Bradley (wife of John J.) to Rich
ard Bradley, lot on SE line of Morse street,
97:6 SW of" Esmund. SW 22:6 by SE 75, being
portion of lots 1 to 3, block 2, Syndicate's
First Addition; $10.
Victor If. Reiter to Earl F. Crane, lot 17,
block 36. Sunnyslde; $10.
Thomas C. Johnston to Frances W. Craw
ford, lots 158 to 160. block 98, Central Park
Homestead, quitclaim deed: $1.
Frances W. Crawford to Robert and Rebecca
Alexander, same; grant.
Estate of Henry M. Collins (by A. A. Col
lins, administrator.) to J. G. Klumpke, lot
7, block 16, West End Map No. 2: also lots 9
and 10, block 25. Paul Tract Homestead Asso
ciation; $300.
Estate of Elizabeth G. Collins (by A. A.
Collins, administrator,) to same, same two de
scriptions; $300.
Alameda County.
James J. and M. Lamping to James G. and
Julia Dorrell. lot on N line of Brown street,
216:3 E of Market. N 120:3 by E 25, being the
W half of lot 2S, block L, Central Land Com
pany's Tract, Oakland; $10.
D. N. ajid P. J. Mitchell to John D.
Pchaackey. lot on E line of Magnolia street,
100 N of Thirty-fourth. N 100 by E 133:3, being
lot 2, block 6SI. Watt's Tract, Oakland; 510.
C. A. and Kllen M. Martin to Arnold Glaser,
lot on W line of Grove stret. l".o N of Prince,
N GO by W 122. being lot 27, block 7, Central
Park Tract. Berkeley, subject to a mortgage
for $1600: $10.
Edward D. and Helen Harmon to Peter Mad
sen, lot on N line of Woolsey street, M 0 W of
Milvia. W 45 by N 100. being lot 10. block Q.
amended map of Newbury Tract. Berkeley: $10.
L. W. Forstlng to R. J. McMullen, undivided
half interest in lots 7 to 12. block A. lots 1 to
6 block B. lots 3. 4. 7. S. 11 and 12, block C.
Home View Tract. Berkeley; HO.
Frank Wolpert to William Clack, lots 75 and
75. Marion Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Daniel S. Davids (by commissioner) to Pa
cific Surety Company (a corporation), lot on
NW corner of First and Webster streets, N 25
by W 75. block 8. Oakland: $1249.
Pacific Surety Company to Henrietta Lewis,
same, Oakland: $2.
.T B Baxter to Annie Baxter, lots 64 and
65. Mitchell Tract. Map 2. Oakland; also lot
on N line of Park avenue. 68 W of Harlem
street. W JO by N 12.i. being a subdivision of
plat 8, Rancho V. and D. Peralta, Oakland
Township; $10.
Ferdinand Kruprer to Marie Kruger. lot on
W line of Magnolia street. 176 N of Fifth. N
25 by W 133:3. being lot 31, block 459, Biggs
Tract. Oakland: gift.
J. B. Baxter to Annie Baxter, lot 4. In plat
37, Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland Town-
ship: JlO.
William D. Wooster to Sarah Hogan. sub
divisions 25 and "4 of block 25, Daley's Scenic
Park Tract, Berkeley; $1".
J. O. Jephson to Knclnnl Bank, lot on NE
corner of Hopkins and Rummer streets, E 439:7
hv N 410. being plat 4, Comeron Tract, con
taining 4.80 acres, quitclaim deed. East Oak
land: $10.
Ferdinand Krue-er to Marie Kruger. lot on
PE line of Mitchell Ftreet. IT." PW of Saunders,
SW 50 by SE 140 to a point in center of Sau
pal Creek, thence up creek along the center
thereof to Its Intersection with a line run
ning parallel with and distant 150 S\V from
Haunders street, thence NW 132 to befrinning.
!.<->ing portion of Ghirardelli Tract, Brooklyn
Township; grift.
Johanna Schulte and Augusta Brewitt to
Edniond H. Denke. lot on S line of Haight
avenue, ICI E of Sixth street. E 30:5 by S
103.75. quitclaim deed, Alameda; $10.
William A. and Izora G. Powell to George
Newman, lot on S line of Delaware street,
10O:S W of Hamilton. W 70. S 134 :5. E 161:4,
N ."!.", W 93:8, N 53:9 to beginning, being por
tion of ranges 9 and 10, Hardy Tract, Berke
ley: $in.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to same,
same, quitclaim deed: $5.
Sands W. and Lucille B. Forman, A. E.
Shaw and Elmhurst Land Company to Delia
Crane, lot 52, Elmhurst Park, Brooklyn Town
ship; no.
Builders' Contracts.
J. L. Bellani (owner) with C. Andresen (con
tractor); architect. H. D. Mitchell. All work
for an additional story to a 1-story frame on
S line of Sacramento street, 34:6 E of Maple,
E 28 by S 109:8; $1186.
Pierre Prlet (owner) with Duffy Bros, (con
tractors); architects. Pissls & Moore. Plumb-
Ing, sewering, gasflttlng, tiling and marble
work for alterations and additions to a 4-story
brick building on E line of Stockton street,
23:6 N of Geary. N 33 by E 92:6; $3310.
William A. Matheson (owner) with Petter
pon & Persson (contractors): architect. P.. H.
White. All work except painting for a 1-fitory
frame building on W line of Wpbster street, 125
N of Union, N 25 by W 100: $1729.
■ • ■
MOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
E A Watrous, N V Mrs M Crow. N V
J F Jones, L Ang W L Crow. N *
F J Thomas, L Ang E T Wallae. Yreka
M MoKenzie, NY G E Bahoock. C'al
Mrs McKenzie. N V Mrs Babcock, Cai
F A Winslow. Chicago Miss Edwards. Cal
C Friedberg, Toledo Mrs O Harvey. Gait
Colonel Egan. Wash Miss Harvey, Gait
Mrs Kgan. Wash IF S Johnson. S Rafael
W G Hook, L Ang 'Mrs Johnson. S Rafael
Mrs Hook. L Ang C Hooper, London
Willie Honk. L Ang Mrs Hooper, London
F V Ettlnger, N V H Banner, N Zealand
Mr 3 Ettlnger, N V Mrs Banner. N Zealand
J Pownlng. Belvedere A J Bondurant. Ala
G E Ryckman, N V O Romoke, Melbourne
Mrs D Aiken Jr, Pa Mrs Romcke, Melbourn
Miss C Alken, Pa Mia Cameron. Melbrne
Miss F Aiken. Pa EH McCraken & w.
Master Reid, Pa Portland
M Morris. Tennessee J M Smith, N V
J E Carlthet, Term J A Hall, London
R G Brown, Bodle Mrs Hnll. London
N G Struve, Seattle T J Thomas. L Ang
B O Bnice, Pasadena J F Jones, L Ans
D Schwab, NY H Tetlow & w, Phila
Mrs Bruce, Pasadena F Bach. Phlla
G F Wormrath. N V I> Stone. Chicago
L Harburger. NY G E Goodman, Napa
G Nnrdstrnm, Illinois Mrs Goodman. Napa
Dr Pace, Tulare Mrs Plater, Nap*
A W Moore, Mexico Mrs Follettson, Napa
G M Ferguson. Chicago J H Berry, Detroit
Mrs Ferguson, Chicago Miss Berry, Detroit
H E Knapp. Wls Miss L Berry, Detroit
Mrs Knapp. Wis J B Quipley, Sacto
S Long. Chicago M Joseph & w, r-jnn
H Wlllicomb. Boston F H Buck. Vacaville
F Mnrsllv. Antwerp M Schwerdesky. N V
G F Swift Jr. Chicago » W Prosser, lowa
S Baer, Chicago F C Reamme, N V
Mrs Baer. Chicago C Reamme. N V
Mrs Wirgley. Colo ifl H El lei. Minn
F C Mitchell, England A W Wilcox. Laredo
GRAND HOTEL.
J P Laub & w, Cal C E Smith & w. N V
B T McCullough, Cal F C Reaunn. N V
E L Dare. lone |Mrs C lteaunn. Detroit
G East, Los Angeles iMrs J Hawkins, 111
C A Hawkins. Ohio [H M le Baron. Cal
W G Roney, Cal IH A Wright. Stockton
R B Sheridan, Ohio |Mns A Starkey, Stcto
J H Wilson, Honolulu W P Martin, Fetaluma
W Johnston, Courtland H J Small, Saeto
T J Bohan, Sacto J P Wilkins & w. Mlsa
E H Ladd, Boston !\V Hany. Detroit
S P Hart, Sacto G H Nlcholls. Cal
C Nelson, Sacto G W Oatman, Reno
G A Pennimon, Cal J S Sterker. Petaluma
C H Montgomery, Cal C Hamilton. N V
S Korn, Chico |M Marchand. France
J D Bradley. Merced G Lockhart. London
J Favls, Sacto J Cook & w. Sacto
T T Corson. New York L C Gillespie, Sacto
J II Stefnns & w. 111 i.J W Bowen, Los Ang
W Wallace, Cal |A Courath & w, Wls
P Davis. Coulterville |R W Cougar. Chicago
A Griffin, Fresno \J Hamilton, Sta Cruz
H Green, w <Sr c, MassiW H Nichols, Courtld
Mrs N E Johnson. Ca]iW C Waters. Cal
S O Wells. Reno |T W Johnson. Cal
W T Smith. Atlanta iMiss Riujyon. Cal
L H Mclntf;sh, Chino !Dr J H Barr, Cal
O Kerllne, w & c. la |G W Harney. Cal
A W Backers. Chicago: E W Winshlp & w.Cal
L McHenry & w. Ky I H B Griffith. N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
L McDonald, S Jose O Christenson, Yallejo
H Greer & W, Cal Mrs McKay, Angels
H G Thompson, L Ang E Fields, Angels
.1 X Williams, <~"al J Watson. Napo
H H Krlnes, P Robles P J Fredericks. Seattle
W Wilson, Petaluma W A McKenzie, Cal
G A Mitchell, Pleasant C Dollarhide, Maxwell
J R Maloney, Sulsun R G Cole. Maxwell
C B Maxwell, S Diego G W Clark & w, L A
M 7"! Harris, Fruit vale C Crowley, Fresno
C Peterson, S Clara
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J Baker, Sacto IJ F Brown. Los Ang:
W Blake. Oakland W A Morrissey.ValleJo
James Brown. S V A W Dingwall, N I
Kitty Brooks, N V Thomas Shea. N V
Margellen Ryan. Sacto R L Blair, Chicago
J Bodle & tm, Sacto Ij B Coate. Chicago
F Crooks. Bakersneld Mrs J B Coate. Chicago
Lily McDonald Chicg G Russell. Los Ar.g
H O'Nell. Jackson Co M Kalkerich. Los Ang
H Adams. Oakland IW Fisher. Chicago
Miss Manning. OaklndlMrs W Fisher. Chicgo
F Armstrong, Oakland Mr? W Black. Clnn
J M Mayer, NY F M Gray. San Jose
S F Sanziger. Los Ang J R Fraser. Ebiner
G W Reed. Wash |S M Roher. Sta Rosa
C W Hutchinson. N Y'Miss L Luggs. S Rosa
C E Phipps. Sacto iH G Shackleford. Cinn
F A Onax, Sacto H Tuerner, San Jose
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes Etreet; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1605 Polk street; open until '.':3O o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets ; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA 1, F. and A. •
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _/V^
EVENING, March 10. at 7:30 clock. TK3T
Third degree. By order of the Master. 'V>
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M.. •
121 Eddy St.— Called meeting THIS _#\_
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 l£3?
o'clock. First degree. All Masons are / V, >
invited. By order of Tt _ 
THOMAS L. HILL, W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary. ■
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212, F •
and A. M.. meets THIS EVENING at^\^
7:30 o'clock. First degree. By order of »L2T
the Master. , ' v>
E. C. HARE. Secretary.
YERBA Buena Lodge No. 15. I. O. ;^#^v.
O. F.— Officers an! members, you §jg>srs==
are hereby notified to attend a -^fclfSS--
meeting TO-NIGHT, for the pur- "" lx
pose of amendment of by-laws.
' G L. PERHAM, N. G.
JAMES BOYES, Recording Secretary.
THE San Francisco Scottish Thistle v %7
Club meets THIS (THURSDAY) 3\ &y>2
EVENING, Fraternity Hall, 32 '^JX*
O'Farrell St., at 8 o'clock. The de- "7-47*
bate, subject "Has the Union of Scotland
and England Been Productive of Benefit to
Either Country?" Inaugurated at last meet-
ing, will be decided at this meeting. All
Scotchmen are cordially invited to be present.
W. A DAWSON. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERS' Recorder.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the \\ estern
Sugar Refining Company will be held at the
office of the company. 327 Market St., San
Francisco, Ca!., on SATURDAY, the 26th day
of March, ISM, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m..
for the purpose of electing a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Wednesday.
March 16, 1898. at 12 o'clock m.
ROBERT OXNARD. Secretary.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery',
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow-shams, table covers,
towels, llannels, etc., very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store. 106 Fifth st.
ROOMS papered. $2 50 up; whitened, $1 up.
2808 Twenty-fourth st., or 23!< Third st.
MRS. DR. NlCE— Genuine steam vapor cabi-
net baths, $1. 17A Sixth st.. room 1.
MJIE. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor Bt.
MISS Mays' genuine massage, baths, alcohol
and Turkish. 536 I..arny St.. room 9.
ANIMALS, birds and re] tiles bought, sold
and exchanged. Address FRANK C. BOS-
TOCK. the Zoo. San Francisco.
MRS. SHELrON. genuine stfam and cabinet
baths. 906 Market St., room 22.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections niada;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. room 6; tel. 6580.
MRS. STEWERT, genuine Fteam and cabinet
baths. 120' i Geary St.. room U.
MRS. DR. FISH, rrn. 2. USA Grant aye.: elec-
trician; alcohol, Turkish baths; unrivaled.
niVIPEM* NOTIChS.
DIVIDEND Notice-; lvidend No. 53 (forty
cents per share) of the Hutchlnscn Sugar
Plantation Co. will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market St., on and after
Monday Mar h 21, IS9B. Transfer books will
close on Tuesday, March 15. IS9S. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIO>S WASTED- FEMALE.
SWEDISH K'.rl first-class cook and house-
worker; Rr»«i laundress; 4 years last place;
city or country. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter.
GERMAN nurse, best of reference, desires a
situation. J F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
SITUATIONS wanted for chambermaids and
general housegirls; none but reliable help
Bent. LADIES' EXCHANGE, 1023 Market.
YOUNG girl of good family wishes a situa-
tion to assist or do light housework in a
small family. K<«>d home preferred to high
wages. Address M. W., box 4, Call office.
WOMAN wishes position as housekeeper or
light housework in small family; Is a good
r.lnin cook; steady and reliable; good refer-
ences if required. 511 Minna st.
MIDDLE-AGED, competent woman wishes,
housework; good, plain cook; wash and iron:
no cards; city or country; care for children.
1103 Powell st.
WANTED Situation as linen woman or
straight chamber work In hotel: country pre-
ferred; best city references. Address C. L.
R.. 327 Clementina st.
TAILORESB wants work; good buttonhole
feller and padding; city or country. Ad-
dress C. LUTHER, 118 O'Farrell st.
FIRST-CLASS German and American cook
awaits eimM^emnnt : wages $2." to $30. Call
for three days at 1324H Bush St.
GERMAN girl wants situation for general
housework: plain cooking; city or country.
Call at 1300 Stockton St.
NEAT young woman would like a position at
housework in small American family. S.,
box 1652. Call office.
RELIABLE woman wishes to do housework by
day or by week. Address 503 Montgomery
aye., room 3.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class waitress
and parlormaid; good references. Box S 1490,
call office.
COMPETENT girl wants work as chamber-
maid or laundress in hotel. Address N. C,
2f,26 Mission st.
OMPETENT woman wishes position as cook;
first-class references; city or country. Ad-
dress Cook, box 9. Call office, Oakland.
SWEDISH plrl wants a place in private family;
cooking or upstairs work. Apply 206 Franklin.
BY respectable la.iy, would llfce position as
housekeeper; city. Box H. .".33. Call office.
COI/OREI) girl desires situation as lady's
mal 1 or second girl. 503 Hyde st.
WOMAN wishes situntion in private family or
help in boarding houee; $10 month; city. 14S
Sixth St., room 121.
GERMAN girl wishes place to assist in house-
work. 1320 Hampshire St., bet. 2.".th and 26th.
FIFTH. 221- Nice, sunny, clean room for work-
ing people, Ji to $3 per week.
YOUNG lady, speaking English, German and
Danish, wishes ■ position as companion to a
lady or as nursery governess; no objections
to traveling. Address MISS ERICKSON, 25
Clipper st.. bet. 2fith and 26th.
PRACTICAL and thoroughly first-class ladles'
tailor from Paris, London and New York,
with some good experience in cutting and
fitting, wants a situation in a first-class
house. Hox 1600, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED \V<«MAN, American, under-
stands care of children, desires position as
nurse or care of children with other light
work. Address MRS. N. DOUGLAS. 949 How-
ard st.
YOUNG lady, university graduate, wishes po-
sition ns traveling governess or amanuensis:
has studied French. German and art. 916
Fourth aye., Oakland. ______
COMPETENT, reliable young woman wishes
position; chamber work or light housework,
or any position of trust. A. 8.. box HOO, Call.
ELDERLY Protestant woman want* work: is
a good plain cook: any distance in the coun-
try. Call or address 2214 Seventh st. _
COMPKTKNT German woman wishes situation
for housework: good cook; city or coun-
try. Address 621 California Bt.
SITUATION wanted by a girl to care for chil-
dren. Apply to MISS ALEXANDER, •'•>*> Har-
rison st.. near Fourth.
LADY desires position as nurse or traveling
companion; can give references. Address 131
Montgomery st.
DRESSMAKER good cutter and fitter, wishes
work by the day; 75c and carfare. &3S Minna
Bt.. near Sixth.
AVANTED-By trustworthy woman, a situa-
tion as chambermaid: city or country. 110
Sixth st.
POSITION wanted in private family; refer-
ences. Call 226 Turk St.
SITUATIONS V/ANTED— Continued.
GIRL wants position second work: good sewer;
wages $12. Address A. P., box 71. Call office.
LADY wishes plain sewing and repairing to do
at home. 116 Sixth st., room 6.
NEW YORK lady desires a position- a first-
class housekeeper; in small family. Address
MRS. MAGGIE BERRY. The Globe room 12,
821 Howard st. near Fourth.
SITUATION as German cook; no objections to
help with washing. Box 1499, Call Office.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day in
kitchen: is good German and American cook.
_Call 1436 Pine st., near Polk.
YOUNG lady wishes housekeeper's position or
do plain mending. HO4 Mission st., corner
of Seventh, room 10.
GOOD cook and housekeeper; city or country:
references. Address MRS. J. W.. box 10 Call
Office. Oakland.
YOUNG lady wishes situation as housekeeper
or do chamber work. 989 Howard st., cor.
Sixth, room 14.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position as
housekeeper; country preferred. Call 109 A
Powell st., room 39.
YOUNG German woman wishes working house-
keeper's position or to do plain mending.
8198 Howard St., room 3.
LADY wishes situation to do plain sewing and
139 Fuurth St., loom 10.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant' av.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office; house
cleaning; tel. Grant 56. Geo. Aoki, 30 Geary.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau— Choice help;
tel. East 777. 805 Geary st.
JAPANESE employment office; work day,
hour or evening. 122V t O'Farrell; tel. Davis 605.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414& O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Employm't Office— Best help and
Northern Hsclng Co. 1808 Polk: tel. Polk 422.
SITUATION wanted around a place by elderly
man to do chores and make himself generally
useful; understands care of horses, milking
and gardening; references. Address A., box
174. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER, aged 26, 7 years 1 experience,
references, desires position with manufactur-
ing or wholesale concern; moderate salary,
with chance for advancement. X.. box 25,
Call office.
RELIABLE. (steady. middle-aged German
wishes position in private family; good driver;
understands gardening; handy with tools;
references; city or country. Box 1520, Call.
BY respectable man. clerical work evenings, 6
to 9:30; good references; or will take any
kind of honorable employment. M., box 44".
Call office.
SWEDISH man and wife, with 2-year-old child,
wish work: man an all-around man; wife
good cook: city or country. S. H. box 10, Call.
MAN and wife as janitors; will do all repairs
or fixing to tenants' satisfaction. Address M.
TUCKER, 118 O'Farrell st.
CARPENTER by trade; handy with all kinds
of tools; accustomed to management of real
Property; low wages. C. X., box 12, Call.
AN accomplished middle-aged German gentle-
man desires Immediately any employment, in
city or country. Address E. M., box 101, Call.
CLERK In hardware and stove store or general
merchandise: country town preferred; refer-
ences. Address E., box 9. Call office, Oakland.
EXPERT watchman or special police would
like to find a situation; can furnish best of
references. Address F. G., 515 Bush st.
BARKEEPER, first-class references given from
last place. Address E. A., box 803, Call.
JAPANESE young man wants a situation to do
school boy. Address YAMADA. 1329 Pine St.
WATCHMAKER and Jeweler wants employ-
ment; town or country. Address box 41,144,
Call office.
SITUATION wanted by man and wife on a
gentleman's farm or ranch. Box A 1401, Call.
XXI ESRXENCED bookkeeper desires position;
references. Box 1527, Call office.
AN all-round practical track man wants situ-
ation as foreman; has had 15 years' expe-
rience In construction and yard work: best
of references. Address box 1461. Call.
MAN wants situation an gardener or to take
care of horses; handy about the house. 709H
Buchanan st.
BARBER, first-class rr.an, 29 years of age,
married, wants steady work in first-class
shop only. Address L. LAMBERT. 431 Sixth.
MAN and wife would like to take charge of
vineyard or orchard; understand wine-mak-
ing and fruit -drying. Box 1498. Call.
YOUNG man wants situation: any kind of
work; city or country; understands cows,
horsee. trarden: reference. Address J. A.
MacDONALD, 214 Third ft.
POSITION wanted by licensed engineer and
machinist; can do blacksmilhing; reference.
Address Engineer, box 195.. Call Office.
YOUNG man of 21, well acquainted with city,
wishes position: references given. Box 1522,
Call.
ALL-AROUND woodsman wishes a situation
as such to go to Alaska for a corporation,
providing fare is paid; Is able to run an en-
gine. Address F. W. J.. Humboldt House,
13U9 Stockton st.
GOOD, steady and reliable butcher wishes a
situation in the city. Address 2965 Twenty-
first st.
ENGLISH groom, middle aged, steady and reli-
able, wants work; good city references; small
wages. Address Groom, box 1490, Call office.
BUSINESS men— Practical bookkeeper and of-
fice manager wants to fill vacancy occasioned
by Klondike exodus or otherwise. Account-
ant, 1212 Castro Bt., Oakland.
JAPANESE boy wants a position to do light
work. S. S., 18 Natoma st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
Mi INEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry:
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FEMALE HELP WASTED.
LAUNDRESS and assist chamber work, coun-
try hotel, $20. MURRAY & READY, 634-
636 Clay St.
WAITRESS, nice country hotel. $22 50. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WOMEN for general housework and cooking
on ranches. MURRAY & READY. 634-636
Clay st.
FRENCH second girl, $20; housegirl, Monterey,
fM; housegirl. Merced. $25, 2 in family; house-
girl, Oakland. $25; cook, $30; 10 houseglrls,
city, $25 and $30. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter.
GERMAN housegirl. two in family; $20. MRS.
NORTON, 323 Sutter st^
NEAT Irish housegirl. American family. $25.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
COOK and second girl, same house, $25 and $20.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St.
SECOND girl, country, $20; 3 second girls, $15,
city. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter Bt.
TWO Swedish or German laundresses for in-
stitution; plain work; $20. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st.
HOUSEGIRL for Reno, Nev.; no baking or
washing: $25 and fare paid. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 108 Geary st.
COOK. German style, $25: German girl for
housework. 3 in family, $20; 6 houseglrls, $20:
housekeeper for city, $12. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., ICB Geary st.
RANCH cook for GUroy. $20. fare paid; ranch
cook for Lindsay, $20, fare paid; ranch cook
(sir Elmira, $20. fare paid; ranch cook for
Collinsville. $IS. C. R. 'HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary st.
WAITRESS and chambermaid to wait, $20
each, see party here (fare advanced): 2 wait-
resses. Glenn County (fare paid). $17 50; 2
waitresses. Hanford, $20; 3 waitresses for
first-class water resort. Southern California,
$20; waitress, Colusa, $15, si-e party here 10
a. m. ; waitress, Napa, $15; 2 restaurant wait-
resses, $6 week: 4 restaurant waitresses, $5;
3 waitresses, $■!; 2 waitresses, city. $18 and
$20 and room; waitress, MarysviHe. $20; cham-
bermaid and wait, $20. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 108 Geary st.
LAUNDRESS, $30; waitress and chambermaid.
$20. private boarding house; 6 young girls.
$20 and $25; 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15.
MISS CILLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT girl, light housework, $12. sleep home.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
TWO German and French second girls, $20 and
$25; housework girl. Alameda. $25. and other
towns. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COLORED girl, housework. 20; colored nurse.
$10. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl, country. $20. MISS CULLEN.
.ILT. Sutter St.
NORTH German second girl and sew, $25.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
PROTESTANT second girl and nurse, $25; 2
laundresses, private families, $25 and $30: 4
cooks in German and American families. $25:
Gorman nurse and chambermaid, $25: 2 cook*,
small boarding houses. $25: cook and house-
work. Snnta Rosa, $25: 12 waitresses, hotels
and restaurants, $20, $25, $5 and $6 week;
15 young girls to assist, $12 and $15, and a
large number of girls for cooking and house-
work. $20 and $25. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
STK.N'i '(il;.v I'IIKHS, cashiers, bookkeepers,
salesladies looking for positions should call
at 313 Bush ft,
HOTEL housekeeper; chambermaids: waitress
for country: references required. 313 Bush st.
. HELP WAV. -CD— Con
WANTED— GirI, shorthand reporter and type-
writer on Remington, in law office; salary
$4 weekly. Box 1622, Call office.
COMPETENT housekeeper, place in city;
waist trimmers; seamstress; milliners. 1023
Market st.
FIRST-CLASS sklrtmaker. BOWHAY. 504
Sutter st.
WANTED— Ladles' tailor: good cutter; fine
proposition. WILSON, 1028 Market St.
GOOD finisher on custom coats. 604 O'Far-
rell st. .
GERMAN girl for general housework and plain
cooking: small family. 305 Scott st.
WANTED— GirI to care < for child. MRS.
. GREEN. Fairmount, 1714 Market st.
EXPERIENCED finisher on tailor suits. 20
Sansome St., upstairs.
■* . — — —
GIRL for housework, $10 a month. 2306 Sutter.
GIRL wanted to assist in general housework.
1911 Bush st.
APPRENTICE with some experience on cus-
tom coats; wages. 222 Seventh st.
GIRL to do extra waiting. 552 Sixth st.
WANTED— Young girl to help care for baby:
good home. 1532 Market st.
WANTED — experienced apprentice to work
on custom coats. 373 Natoma, near Fifth.
GERMAN girl to take care of baby. 2732 Pine
street.
WANTED— GirI to do general housework. Ap-
ply 1008 Sacramento st. _
YOUNG girl for light housework. Apply 1410
Hyde st. - '
WANTED— A Protestant girl for housework
and plain cooking: small family; wages $15.
Call 1602 Washington st. .
MIDDLE-AGED woman to take care of a
baby. 2323^4 Pine St.
BUTTER-MAKER or mllkhandler, direct from
the East. E. CRANDALL, 136 Mississippi.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser wanted. Box 1521,
Call Office. .
TWO German apprentices on high grade
ladies' suits. HENRY WERTH. Ladles'
Tailor,' 1105 Leaven worth St.. near California.
OPERATORS on steam power sewing machines
to make Lev! Strauss & Co. riveted cloth-
Ing. Apply MR. DAVIS. 32% Fremont st.
LADIES— Sunny rooms: respectable house;
from Xc night and $1 50 week. 142 Seventh st.
MEN and women learn barber trade In 6
weeks. PROF. TOM CHOKER. 346 Seventh.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
LEARN dressmaking ami millinery; positions
free; patterns 26c. MCDOWELL'S. 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School. 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on: trial free.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. 14 McAllister
St. ; monthly troubles, . private diseases, etc.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and --ant ads taken.
MALE HELP WANTED.
FOREMAN for a scraper gang, exceptional
good job; 26 farm, orchard and vineyard
hands; 3 milkers, $30, !25 and $18; butter-
maker; farmer and wife, south, $30. MUR-
RAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents. 631-636 Clay St.
IS6 '< 'I 'CHOPPERS, $125 and $1 cord; 197
tlemakers, Sc, Be and 10c each; 16 good labor-
ers, $1 60 day; 25 laborers for sawmills, etc.,
$26 and found; 165 railroad laborers and dif- ]
- ferent places. MURRAY & READY. Lead-
ing Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
FOREMAN for a gravel mine; must be a shift
boss: experienced man in tender and heavy
ground; competent to handle crew of men;
52 S(J day and increase. MURRAY & READY.
Leading Employment Agents. 634-636 Clay st.
COAL miners, $2 day, San Bernardino County.
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, G34-636 Clay st. •
BLACKSMITH, $2 50 day. see boss here; stable-
man, country, $25 to $30. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
6 COOKS. $35. $45 and $50; 4 waiters, $25 and
$20: 1 pantryman, $25; 2 choremen for hotels,
$8 and $10; 3 dishwashers, different places;
bellboy, colored, city hotel. MURRAY &
READY. Leading Employment Agents. 634-
636 Clay st.
EMPLOYERS of help— Telephone Main 584. If
you don't got your help from MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st., you don't get the
best help; help furnished free of charge.
HEAD cook, meat and pastry, country hotel,
$60, see party, here; night cook. $40: second
cook, small hotel, $30; vegetable cook, hotel,
$30; cook, small hotel, $25. , C. R. ■ HANSEN
& CO., 108 Geary st.
KITCHEN steward. $40 and room; competent
head waiter, $75; 3 waiters, country hotel, $35,
free fare; waiter, hotel, north, $25; boy to
learn waiting. $10 and room. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 108 Geary st.
NEAT young clerk for a country hotel, $40;
general office clerk who can do some book-
keeping for a country hotel, $30; 2 neat bell-
boys, $15 and free fare, for a" country hotel;
bellboy, city. $10: porter, $10; colored bellboy,
$12. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 10S Geary st.
MAN and wife, $25; choreboy, ranch, $13; chore-
boy, city. $10: woodchoppers, from 70c to $2 25
a cord, according to timber. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 10S Geary st.
WINEROOM man for hotel. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 108 Geary st.
WANTED — 20 more men to work on lumber
yard railroad, Humboldt County, half fare
paid by company, steamer sails Friday, wages
$26 and board and all season's work, see man-
ager here; 5 farm hands for large vineyard
company, first-class place, $20 and board; 2
Eastern or Nebraska farm hands. $20; Scan-
dinavian milker. $25: German to milk and do
chores, $25 and board; neat young German to
work in private garden. $25; good strong boy
for store in city. $3 per week and Increase;
night cook, young man, for oyster and chop
house, $25 and room; and others. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 626 Clay St.
WANTED— Miner, $40 and board ; 10 men , for
hop y*d, $1 day; errand boy for country, $7
and found: 20 tie makers. Be. 9c and 10c, go
to-day: 15 laborers for city, $1 75; 25 laborers
for mill and woods and work on lumber rail-
road $26 and board: farmers, milkers and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED— First and second cook for first-class
hotel. $105; 3 restaurant waiters, $10 week;
waiters for country: boy to wait on help;
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
628 Sacramento st.
10 RAILROAD laborers for Eureka to go to-
morrow, $26 and board, half fare paid; cook
for vessel to go to England: shingle packer:
cheesemaker; woodchopper and make pickets,
posts and shakes; old man for ranch; chore-
boy for family. R. T. WARD & CO., 608-610
Clay st. ■
IDENTICAL with the system of all well-estab-
lished mercantile. Institutions operated upon
the subscription or membership basis. Is the
old "Reliable Clerks' Exchange Employment
Clearing-house," 313 Bush st. ; maintaining
strictly confidential relations between the
employing business establishments and the
reliable help seeking to advance their posi-
tions; systematically investigating creden-
tials, submitting results, and ultima
bringing the employer and applicant to-
gether, committing neither party, and going
over the same matter again and again un-
til both are suited; the supply being greater
than the demand the demand is supplied
"free of any expense whatever"; the supply
pays less than 10c per week. Inclose stamp
for catalogue.
THE Clerks' Exchange does not sell positions;
the management will not promise or : guar-
antee situations; the business is operated
strictly upon a subscription basis; investi-
gate. 313 Bush st.; 6 Pacific Coast offices;
" one membership fee covers all. ■
LIQUOR salesman, city trade; dress goods
; salesman. South. 313 Bush st.
CLERK, general store, acquainted with dry
goods; lathe machinist: locksmith. 313 Bush.
LAUNDRYMEN: ship carpenter; boiler maker;
ship's blacksmith. 313 Bush st. ,
OYSTER opener; head chef new hotel; city
salesman, liquors; waiters. 1023 : Market St.
ASSISTANT bookkeeper and office cashier.
$50 bond; grocery clerk; hotel waiter. 1023
Market st.
MANAGER and bookkeeper, general mer-
chandise store, $150; bellboys, city hotel. 1023
Market st. ■ '
MAN and wife as cook and gardener, $40 to $50;
see lady here. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
BUTLER, $40; good place. MISS CULLEN, 325
•■•:-: Sutter. St. ■'■■-.-■.- .-',-.--' "' '■'_''.'■-"■■■. ' ■■' ■ ■'■ .
MAN to do chores around house,. slo per month.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WAITER, country. $25. fare advanced. HOTEL
GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCUS. Sec, ; 325 Grant nve.; tel. Grant 136.
WANTED— Men and women: work home; I pay
$S to $16 a week for making crayon portraits;
new patent "method; any one who can rend or
write can do the work in spare time, day or
. evening; send for particulars at once. H. A.
, GRIPP. German Artist, Tyrone, Pa. .■-..■■.■•
WANTED — Driver for milk; wagon;: references
and security: - good rustler: $20 per month
■ and found 'to commence with. 721 Eighth
aye.", > Richmond District.
FIRST-CLASS loom fixer to fix fancy . looms.
Address SAN JOSE WOOLEN MILL. San
; Jose, Cal.
WANTED— A messenger boy. .. Apply Postofflce
box ■■ 2048 1 In . own handwriting; state age and
• give references..  *-.•..■„.;•*-..:
FIRST-CLASS - ladies' tailor wanted. BOW-
HAY. 604 Sutter at. • - ■ - -
HELP WASTED-COB""^'
WANTED-Presser on pants. . . 8 . Grant aye..
upstairs. ■"* . ; — —
WANTED-Errand boy: state age. Address
Boy box 1401, Call office. ___
NEAT young man: cook short orders and por-
ter work; restaurant. 28 First st. | —
WANTED-A first-class shoemaker at 107
Geary st. " ' . : -'- :—: —
WANTED - First-class waiter. Manhattan
House, 825 Battery st. _
GOOD carriage and wagon woodworkers for
new work. 828 Harrison st.
WANTED-Good tailor at 520 Kearny St..
room 1. ■ .
GOOD and sober dishwasher at S Jackson st.
WANTED- Man cook for hotel. $40. 921 Broad-
way, room 10, Oakland. _ ,
:—": — " . — — — - '. .• • y
WANTED— First-class cook. 15 Stockton st.
GERMAN boy for printing office. 535 Cali-
fornia st. —
PARTNER wanted with small capital for bar-
ber business. Box H 714, Call office.
FOR SALE— Good 3-chair barber shop and
baths; cheap. Inquire 437 Fourth st.
WANTED— thoroughly experienced dress
goods salesmen. Apply 623 Market St., room
7, from 2 to 4 p. m.
FIRST-CLASS machinist— wages to a
first-class workman. H. GHANG, machine
works, 105 Fremont st. .
WILL give situation for loan of $250; security
and Interest. W. A., box 1400. Call office. 4
AMATEUR musicians, brass and string, to
Join orchestra for social purposes. Apply A.
MATTHIEU. 328 Bush st.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764% Mission
st., men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night: 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
PHYSICIAN wanted immediately for country;
must be able man. Box 1497, Call office.
WANTED— i'oung man who has had experience
in raising poultry on a large scale; must
know how to milk; wages $20. Address A. 8..
box 1467, Call office.
MAN able to speak German or French In wine-
house as barkeeper; also must know how to
sell goods indoors; only one of good charac-
ter need apply. Box 1495, Call office.
WANTED— men to occupy clean rooms at
2 nights for 25c or 75c week. 105 New Mont- ■
gomery st. '
PROGRESSIVE Barbers' Free employment. H.
BERNARD, Secy., 102 7th; tel. South C2S. .
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 -hlrd it.: 150 largo
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps, ■ United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; muse
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height.
For further information apply at the re-
cruiting of flee. 20 Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal.
EXPERIENCED presser on cloaks at M. SIM-
INOFF'S, 1228 Market st.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 138*6 Eighth st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. neat-
Market: 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from '.he ferry.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Rooms 2.V to $1
night; $1 to $4 week: hot and cold baths.
MARKET, Branch office of The Call; want
I ads and subscriptions taken.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Llnaell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
MARKET, 863*4 (Elcho House)— Rooms 20c. 25a
to 50c per night; $1 to $2 week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
i TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; SI a week. .
AGENTS "WANTED.
WANTED— every city on the coast for Rex
Incandescent Gas Lamps. J. HENDERSON,
309 Stockton St.
FURNITURE WASTED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion st. ; tel. Mint 1821. ■
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to II Mont-
gomery st. : hlgheat prices paid. Tel. Davis 71.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of , The CaYi; »ub-
BCilptlong arM want =»<Js taken. .7 . .' ■
PARTNERS WANTED.
WITH $250: investigate. Call 10 to 3, room 313,
Phelan building. ■ - ■• -
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED. ,
LADY will teach piano, etc., in return for " /
room and partial board. Box 1512. Call office.
"WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
SET of tinsmith"? tools and machines for sale.
Apply 1146 Folsom St. .:-;.
WANTED— second-hand bricks In large
or small quantities. Apply THOMAS
BUTCHER, Builders' Exchange, .« 40 New
Montgomery St.. bet. 12 and 1 p. m.
BAKER desires to be furnished with eggs
from country: one price the year round. 1133
Folsom st. ■ ■
I WANTED— One good second-hand barber chair;
must be cheap. Address box 1462, Call.
WANTED— $5000 worth of second-hand tools
and machinery. 654 Mission st.
WANTED— IOO goats for feeding the animals.
Address the '- Zoo, Chutes, city.
SECOND-HAND blacksmith tools wanted at
once. 204 Mission st. -
) PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus: second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-oft
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WHAT'S THAT? YOU ARE?
" GOING TO BUY A PIANO?
WELL. NOW. WHAT DO YOU WANT?
A piano made In IS9S. with every dollar ex-
pended on the Instrument, modern In every
respect, with all the late attachments, or the
same old piano made from 1549 scales?
I have a piano to sell that I will guarantee
from top to bottom and will back it with
every dollar I have. As I own my own build-
ing and store, and as the manufacturers also
back this instrument with $2,000,000, this, I
* think, a good guarantee. '
The piano Is the Kingsbury.
The price is $225.
The address is 526 Hayes st.
The firm Is J.HARRY SCOTT.
ANY person having use for a piano need not
do without when good instruments can be
purchased from us at cash prices # upon
monthly payments of $3. $4. $5. 6. $7. $S $3. *.
$10: handsome scarf and wood seat stool in-
eluded: no charge for cartage. Purchase your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Steinway without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.
A FEW more bargains in second-hand pianos—
Ronisch 1-'1 -'
Mathusek ......... -■ 150
Augustus Baus & Co 200
Cameron • ;-?°
Byron Mauzv .»_'.'••'•"••••••••••••••••••••••••••" **w
BYRON MAUZY. pianos. 308-312 Post st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26 28 an.l 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
ONE Newhall piano .' $55
One Zech piano 70
Ore Fischer piano 80
Twenty others at all prices.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-20 O'Farrell.
ABSOLUTE bargains this week; Steinway,
Steck. Conover. Chickering. Emerson. Hal-
let & Davis: all as good as new. THE F.
W. SPENCER CO.. 933 Market st.
IF you want a ' bargain in a piano call at
Mauvais'. 769 Market st.; agency for, the cele-
brated DECKER & SON pianos. .
COLBY pianos are the > best for the money In
I the market; highest award at World's Fair-
call and see for yourselves. 933 Market st.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan-
no Interest first year. 308, 310. 312 Post st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
Immense reduction for cash or .on install-
ments.: EATON, ESTATE. 735 Market st. .
FOR sale cheap— Set high-pitch buffet clarln-
ets: nearly new. 'Call 606 Sutter. room 11.,
GREAT bargain: Standard upright (on stor
: age); party gone to Klondike; cheap. 208 Post.
HORNUNG'S new • scale. pianos; an unpre-
i cedented success. 216 Post st. .. : w
FINE upright: great bargain.' 16 McAllis- ; v
tcr st; ; next Hlbernla Bank SCHMITZ X >
K^O^Eif^?HA^3o B^ r-fr -f- «*~ ■
S m^ T^r Vlo V ns ' zithers - old and" new H '
ML LLER, maker, repairer. ; , 2 Latham place:
SMALLEST ad, lowest price. Heine, 136 Ellis.BtTbIOTDSS CHAXCES.
$500— PARTNER wanted in a commission busi- ]
ness, established over 20 years, doing a good
paying business, beat Of references furnished; !
thorough investigation allowed: must be a
:y. sober man. M. LESS. ;,;:, Market st.
BAKERY and coffee saloon across the
bay; six rooms; furniture included; owner
owns the building; cheap rent. M. LESS.
• • Market st.
$200— COR. saloon, among wholesale houses;
large stock; rent cheap; paying trade; good
Mace for 2 men. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
PARTNER wanted in restaurant; well
paying: principal; central; owner tired of un-
reliable help; sober man. M. LESS. 765 Mkt.
GOOD old-established manufacturing business
in this city for sale; either cash or will trade
for city or country property; price less than
value of stock and fixtures; no reasonable
offer refused : a grand opportunity for any
one- M. LESS, 7»:. Market at.
A— slsoo; old-establlsheu saloon with 15 fur-
nished rooma; doing a first-class paying busi-
ness; choicest location: close to Ellis and
Market sts.; net rent only $40; will sell or
exchange for property. Inquire WILKE. 783
Market st.
A $500 GROCERY and provision store in
choicest location in Oakland: established
many years and doing good business; 4 liv-
ing-rooms; rent $13. Inquire WILKE. 783
Market st.
$lJOO— Old-established and first rdass paying sa-
loon. With living-rooms, close to Kearny and
Butter sts.; actual value $2000; owner
compelled by Bicknesa to sacrifice. WILKE.
753 Market st.
$1000— PARTNER wanted In old-estaJbUabed
restaurant; diing a rushing business day
and night; overwork compels owner to take
• a good, reliable man a* helper. Particulars
WILKE, 783 Market st.
$900— Saloon «ith 9 furnished rooms, on How-
ard st.; kept by present owner 12 years; doing
a good business; rent $47. Call WILKE. 753
Market st.
CIGAR-STAND, near Baldwin Hotel $950
Fruit store: best in the city 800
Stationery Btore In Hayes Valley 500
Restaurant, best In city :i'K)
:i; fine corner, down town 2'» X)
Apply to H. i". DECKER, 1020 Market st.
NEW and Becond-hand furniture store for sale
at a bargain. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
BAKERY, large oven; receipts ?4o day; biggest
bargain ever offered. DECKER, 1020 Market.
CNiAR-STAND, near Examiner office, worth
DECKER, 1020 Market st.
HOME bakery; bargain at $500; noth-
ing like It ever offered. KREDO & CO.. 22Vi
Geary st.
A— ssoo; SALOON and lunch, near theaters;
snap.
$650— Saloon; best corner north of Market.
Money loaned. KREDO £ CO., 22K Geary.
$440— CORNER grocery and bur. a bargain.
$K*i— Grocery and bar: best corner In city.
♦260 — Very nice cigar store: good location.
$300— Brar. ih bakery and notions; paying well.
Also several saloons and restaurants.
At ANDERSON .V- CO.'S, 777 Market st.
$1M INVESTED enables you to Join enterprise
now yielding K.n per cent monthly: no stock
or Klondike Bcbeme; safe, practical succeos.
David Sloane, n- Si Paul -t.. Baltimore, Md
LONG establlshi^) wholesale produce commis-
sion business for sale; principals only. C. <'..
box l^. Call »ffiee.
$330 — a paying restaurant on Market st.; steady
boarders: oak furniture; rent $30. Address
box C. 47. ('all office.
SALOON, IS Sixth St.; a bargain to a quick
cash buyer. Inquire between S and 9:30 a. m..
A. HeDONALD, 26 I> ;I \is .-t.
GOOD morning paper route; part cash, c, Eddy
' !<■ J M. MARTIN.
Sly) -CiKar-stanri ; bargain this day. Mc-
LAUCHLIN A CO., 3n K.-arny st.
CANDY and Ice cream store; a bargain. 1422
Polk si
O IRNER grocery and bar; 2 living rooms: good
plaot for man and wife. 117 Fillmore st.
DOWN town saloon for sale. Apply National
Brewing Co.
MAN" with few hundred dollars to invest open-
ing gold mine, m;, Uission st.. upstairs.
PARTNER wanted; night and day saloon; bar-
gain for good man. 33 Third st.
A CHANCE FOB A FORTUNE!!!
THE NEW WALDO HOUSE.
r65 Mission, bet. Third and Fourth. San Fran-
. all new beds: on one floor:
running full; cheap rent, long lease, privilege
vf renewing same; on investment of $2uoo for
1897 r-ighty (!>0) per cent per annum was real-
ized uver all expenses, which can be proved,
with <»yen better prospects this year; lor sale
on acvoount of failing health and old age.
Address as above or inquire on premises.
ESTABLISHED news and stal
in i laundry office, doing good business;
I 3m going to Alaska: make offer. MHj Fifth.
FINF sftire. cor. Oak and Franklin sts.. rent
$20; 2 imp basements, off Market st., suitable
for any business or storage. Apply lo tirant.
FOR SALE— Restaurant and chop house; best
location; opposite the ferries. Call at IS
East M
LADY desires working partner with some capi-
tal in paying business. Call or address M.
E. i: a Bt:
"|?OR SALE— Country hotel, 20 rooms; nice club
™ hall; very fine bar; $200 stock; everything
new; very low rent; on account of sickness;
no agent; 5-year lease. Exchange Hotel, Mar-
tinez. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS saloon: best location; receipts
from $r> to $45 per day; too much other busi-
ivlll sell for k-ss than half value. Gro-
cery, cor. Sixth and Howard sts'.
""OLD-ESTABLISHED grocery business; fine
.. paying business; party retiring ac-
li .  i dwelling, 9 rooms; modern
improvements; stable; lot 12jxU0; easy terms.
Lock box 343, Napa, Cal.
!. - ONE-TENTH interest in advertising bus-
iness; ut conservative estimate will net $S(KK)
.. year in S. F. ; Investor can handle his own
money. Apply CAHILL, 1"7 Sixth st.
PLAY the races on our new system; J6O a
week on MOO capital guaranteed or no charge
for services. The American Turf Bure&u,
- '. and fi. SoO Market st.. San Francisco.
WANTED- To buy whole or half Interest in
laying saloon south of Market; Third or
Fourth st. preferred; -nate price and par-
ticulars; no agents. Box 271, Call.
;OOD laundry route, horse and wagon;
small steam laundry; 4 furnished rooms pay
the rent; good location: going to Klondike.
Address box jOii, Call office.
SALOON at a reasonable price; good location.
Apply Albany Brewery.
NOTION, stationery and cigar store for sale at
a sacrifice at $200. 155 -Eleventh, near Howard.
$375— RESTAURANT. STRAND, 23 Kearny
street.
$800— SALOON for sale. STRAND, 23 Kearny
street.
WELL-PAYING restaurant for sale. Apply 631
Sacramento St.
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant for sale; good
order; low rent; investigate. 249 Fourth st.
FOR sale — of the best bakeries in the city.
Inquire at 1509 Polk st.
PATENTS— & OSBORN. Reglsfd Pat.
Agents; established 1562. 319 Pine St.. city.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
RESTAURANT and bar for sale. Apply 107
Berry st., near Third.
GOOD paying restaurant; average $15 per day:
low rent: selling account of departure. Ap-
ply 2424 Mission St.
LARGE city paper route, growing territory, for
sale as a whole or part. Apply at Call office.
GOOD saloon for sale; full stock; price $250.
Box 1142. Call office.
$42' — Cigar store; northwest corner Kearny and
California sts. • __
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or at 133 Third nt.. Portland. Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO. '3. 415 Sacramento it.
EDUCATIONAL.. ;
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, . shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil and mining engineering; j
surveying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 ,
graduates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College., 723 Market 'st. ;
individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life; scholar-
ship. $50; low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve.;
est. ISM. VAN DER NAILEN,. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting-room . makes you
thorough. Room .'72, 855 Market st. .
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, writing, gram-
■mar; day, night: $5 mo. 1504 Market, op. Bth.
FISK Agency. 825 Market St.; Teachers' fur-
nished; public: private; governesses, tutors.
Miss GAMBLE'S Dancing School, 317 Devisa-
aero; adults, Frl.. 8 p. m.: children. Thu.. 3.30.
BAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket M., 124 positions in '96; 103 in '97.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons,
$3 per month: MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
V'l.K culture, piano, Paris graduate; French.
Spanish; new classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
TYPEWIinERS.
Y mV^i-r7 iter: ba ■ • 'I' atone C. B.
g^rntrv 1 C *"' B ' P> Ollver - 114 • Mont -
! tbcotlt bcotI °£ d rI v m *25; send for samnle work.
, SCOT. & BAN NAN, 333 Montgomery st. :
PERSONALS. .
LITTLE ONE— Write immediately; let me
know, about location of box; will visit your
town soon. 334.
TEDDIE— Write to me and send your address;
I am sick. . E. A. W.
BOXING and bag punching taught by an ex-
pert thoroughly in eight private lessons, even-
ings; moderate. Address box 1460, Call office.
STRONG, healthy young man wants to be
staked to the; Klondike. ; can easily arrange.
_ Box 1506. Call office.
SAVE Interest and borrow from the CUT
RATE LOAN OFFICE, 22 Mason st.; private
rooms.
FEW ladies can Join party going to Klondike.
Address box 50, Call office. - ; /. :
MATRIMONIAL.
ALL seeking marriage, call or send 10c for
February "Wedding Bell"; 14 pages: no $5 re-
quirgd. Editor. 11l Ellis, St.. San Francisco. .
BUSINESS p ERS()NALS^__
HAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
HOW to become a hypnotist by the quickest
method and to exert a magic influence over ■
everything in this world and to cure diseases
and bad habits. Full information sent free
by PROF. HERIN, Masonic Temple,- Deca-
tur. 111.
TRAINED nurse, first-class references, would
like 2 more patients to give bath and massage
daily or tri-weekly; Ssc a treatment. N. 0..
box 146. Call office.
WANTED— old violin; lady's size.
GEO. M., box 1173, Call Office. ■ .
NEW method massage, electric theatment:
heated room. MRS JOHNSTON. IIB Grant ay.
THE correct dressing of the hair Is highly im-
portant; my artists are correct: 25c only.
Good switches. $1; best, finest quality, $3 50:
extra heavy, long. $5. Open Sundays from 9
to 12. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton St.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic stops falling or thin-
ning out. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st.. nr. Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 GO pc- night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made in
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 535 Clay st., S. F.
AGENT wanted to take orders for merchant
tailoring. NEUHAUB & CO.. 115 Kearny.
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish
movement. 906 Market, room 2.", second floor.
TRUNKS moved. 25c. Commercial Transfer
Co., 22 Stockton st. : phone Main 49.
SUIT to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
j CLOAKS and tallor-mnde suits retailed at
wholesale tlfnirps 20 Sansome St.
i _ _ _ _ —
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— stylish dresses.
$3 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy st.. rm. S6.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
KLONDIKE
Wanted— lS more men to go to Dawson
City, leaving here about March 15, in the
employ of the Alaska Transportation, Trad-
ing and Mining Company: steady employ-
ment guaranteed on reaching Alaska: $500
cash required. For particulars call at com-
pany's offices, rooms 20 and 21, Chronicle
building, San Francisco.
I THE swift and newly-fitted sailer Helen W.
Almy will now leave for Copper River and
Cook's Inlet about March 15; low rates for
passage and freight. Apply at once, MOHNS
ft KALTENBACH, 29 Market st.
KLONDIKE Kabin, a portable house with
double walls, light and tight. Model at Free
Information Bureau, 5 Market st.
GOOD strong dogs, trained for Alaska, for sale
at 510 Van Ness aye.
FoH side Large dog for Klondike; cheap Ap-
ply 13'Mj Montgomery st.
GUIDE for the Yukon, returned from Dawson
this winter; will be back this spring to re-
present my mining interest: be recommended
as a sure guide t the interior: true infor-
mation can he given, how to go, what to
take and about the mining districts, where
I was personally prospecting and locating;
contracts to guhle r>arti-es to the Klondike
will be taken. Address F\ H.. box ISO, <"all.
YUKON dog harness: best made, for sale by
all outfitters. SAMMANN. 1288 Fillmore st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant sts.
KLONDIKE dogs: also Great Danes and Fox
terriers. KILLTP'S Sale Yard. 1730 Market St.
CHEAPEST and best Klondike stoves in the
world. HOLMES & CO., 08-418 Jackson st.
DOGS for Klondike; three Scotch collies, broke
for work. C. KRAMER, 400 Pacific st.
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY, Battery and Jackson sts.
STEAMBOAT companies wishing to get cap-
tains, pilots, barge pilots of 20 years' expe-
rience for light draught boats can get same
by applying 2 Cal. St. Capt. F. H. < ruthers.
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW. 1 Sutter.
WHAT you must have— The only makers of the
genuine Klondike moccasin on this Coast.
Pacific Shoe Co., 13? First st.
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed
and delivered to boats. SHARBORO & CO..
wholesale and retail grocers, r.31 Washington.
LODGIMi HOI SES FOR SALE.
11-ROOM house; sunny corner; fine $ BdO
18 rooms on Golden Gate: fine 1100
7 rooms, near Baldwin' bargain 2">o
32 rooms, on Market; dears $2'>o 2SOO
24 rooms, on Kearny: clears $200 2500
22 rooms, near Baldwin Hotel (transient). 1300
$0 rooms, central; 2 fronts: worth $1200... 600
Hotel In mining town: good bar 1000
H. C. DECKER, M2O Market, opp. Fifth.
KREDO & CO.. Successful Brokers, 22£ Geary.
26 rooms; Market: clears $75; snap $ 4.">0
21 rooms; best in city; clears $S5 smi
15 rooms ; clears $40 month 275
12 rooms; Third st. : rent $27 50 200
II rooms; ail rented; corner; worth $600 325
1! rooms; Ninth st. ; clears $50 month 450
10 rooms; all new: central and sunny.. 325
7 rooms; O'Farrell; clears $35 225
$1600 — 20 rooms; fine sunny corner; worth $2300;
clears $160; low rent. KREDO & CO.
j NEW house, 40 rooms, must b" sold; Klondike;
nothing so cheap: 26 rooms, make offer:
choice 14 rooms, fine furniture, half cost; rent
low; must be sold. Boston Investment Co.,
906 Market St., room 16.
GOING to Washington— 2o rooms; best loca-
tion: rent $33; clears $40; cheap. 48 Seventh.
FOR SAL?:— Coso lodging house, 115 rooms. 411
Sansome st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & VVOLPMAN, 137 Beale St.
\SK to Me the $12 diamond stud, ank to see
the $7 diamond stud at UNCLE HARRIS', 13
Grant aye.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, el-
ectrical goods; new and second hand. SMITH
CO., 527 Mission st.
HANDSOME new 16-foot oak bar and back
bar; cheap. 512 Bush st.
LATEST style hood top baby buggy, cheap;
with extra seat. Box 1444. Call offloC
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sei-
ond hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.
J R POOL hnuf-raovcr, dealer necond-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; Tel. So. 787.
WHISKY, Kentucky. '87: bonded warehouse.
Pan Francisco; 39c gallon. Address STAND-
ARD LIQUOR CO.. San Francisco.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE, 616 Mission st^
SAFES— New and second-hand ; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc. 633 Sacramento.
1 AND 2-bowl barber washstands. cheap. HUT-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
sizes; half orlglnalcost I _lo9-11l Market. 8. F.
GRAPHOPHONES, $10: Records. $5 per Joz.;
Projectoscope, $100. BaclgalupJ : _933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, liand-truck. letter-press,
desk and safe cheapMM Clay st
Iba RsT sh o wcases. counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
FOR sa7e~cheap^Second-hand fireproof safe,
at 42 Main st.
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing: lowest rates. 203 Fourth Bt.
STORAGE.
Xt iSw~~rateT^Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN. 1017 to 1023
Mission St., above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made: fireproof building. F. W.
ZEHFUSS, 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint 1821.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 10, 1898.
houses to let. -
allT^ver^to w n —
You see houses to rent by BALDW IN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery. •
FURNISHED house, 7 rooms, bath; large yard;
latest improvements: furniture new; piano;
near Pleasanton Hotel; only responsible par-
ties need apply. Box ■ 1437. Call office. .
OAK, House 8 rooms and bath; Eastlake
style; latesff improvements. ' •
6-ROOM house and basement, $11; Laurel aye.,
near Turk and Buchanan sts/. HOOKER &
LENT. 14 Post st. ______—»
FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED residence— A sunny modern Pa-
cific Heights corner; 14 rooms; well furnished;
piano, billiards, etc. YON RHEIN & CO.,
636 Market St. - - . __
FURNISHED house. 11 • rooms, $55. 16 Devis-
adero, above Haight, 10 to 2.
FURNITURE, etc.. of 10 rooms for sale; privi-
lege renting. premises. Box 1145. Call office.
HOUSE, 8 rooms, to let; furniture for sale; no
dealers. 332 Hyde st. ■-,
PHYSICIANS, attention— To let 8 furnished
rooms; central location; have been used for
20 years by a successful • physician as office
and bachelor quarters. YON KIIEIN & CO..
6?. C Market St. ■ ■ ■
COTTAGES TO LET.
NICE cottage, 4 rooms, basement and yard, 7
Victor st. Inquire 941 Bryant st.
BUNNY cottage, 5 rooms, only $15. 1114 Broad-
way, near Jones st. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. •
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment; yard: cheap. 1376 15th st., nr. Dolores.
FURNISHED FLATS.
GEARY, Newly furnished sunny upper
fiat of 4 rooms.
flats TO let.
ALL OVER TOWN — —
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st. _■
CASTRO, 458— New modern upper flat; 10 sun-
ny: suitable for 2 families; stable.
.
CHEAP rent— Flats, 3 and 4 rooms, $6 and $7;
. very convenient; 15 and 21 Victor st. In-
quire 941 Bryant St. ■
BAY-WINDOW ,!;:t of four rooms. $11 per
month. 1364 Stevenson St., near Thirteenth.
FELL. 1118— Upper flat 6 sunny rooms; alcove
parlors, etc. , ■>*
FIFTH, 325—3 clean furnished housekeeping
rooms, $13; 2, $12; also single room, $5.
"FLAT of 5 rooms, bath, laundry. • 1304 Post St.,
near Franklin; convenient Geary or gutter st.
cars; rent reasonable.
FOLSOM 909. near Fifth— sl2; new middle bay-
window flat, 3 rooms; gas, bath, tubs.
GROVE, 141— Near City Hall, lower and top
flat, 5 and 6 rooms; bath.
HOWARD and Twelfth— Elegant corner flat, 7
rooms and bath; 3 bay windows; rent $25. Key
in store.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
NINETEENTH, 3950, 1 block from Eighteenth j
or Castro st. cars; lovely lower sunny 6-room
flat: modern: $18: water free.
BUNNY corner fiat. 5 rooms. $17: inside flat
with bath. 515; newly painted and papered.
Comer Twelfth and Folsom sts. Apply
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
$15— UPPER flat of 5 rooms and bath. 131 Olive
aye., near Van Ness.
$17— FLAT. 6 rooms, bath; modern. 1448 Va-
lencia St.. near Twenty-fifth. .
— WATER free: sunny lower 4-room flat;
modern; large lot; garden. 4075 Twenty-third
St.. few steps from Castro: care key 4071.
$20— CHEAPEST flat In city: 8 rooms, bath. 1
530V4 Valencia st., near Seventeenth.
$36— LOVELY sunny modern fiat of 7 rooms;
624 Golden Gate aye.. near Van Ness.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS. -
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— Sunny kitchen
and bedroom, furnished, $7. .- .
BRYANT aye., 2718, near Twenty-fifth— sunny j
pleasant housekeeping rooms; must be seen ,
to be appreciated. ...
CENTRAL, 62 Second— Single rooms and light
housekeeping; week, $1, $2 50; day, 25c, 50c.
EDDY, 118— Pleasant, clean, sunny rooms, $6 i
up; housekeeping rooms cheap: quiet house. ;
EDDY, 917— Nicely furnished connecting house- j
keeping rooms: gas range; splendid location.
FIFTH. 309— New house: 1 or 2 sunny bay-
window rooms; kitchen; range ;runnlng water.
FIFTH, ."44— 2 furnished housekeeping rooms; j
reasonable: single rooms. $4; private family.
FULTON, 41— Comfortably ' furnished front
room and kitchen; $12 month; private family.
GEARY, 429— Light housekeeping and other
sunny single and double rooms; no children. !
GOLDEN GATE aye.. Sunny parlor floor
3 rooms, complete for housekeeping. $25.
GOLDEN GATE, 1050—2 or 3 large, nicely fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping, or single;
gas cook stove; free use of telephone.
HICKORY aye.. 181, near Cough— Large house-
keeping rooms: every convenience; $8 up.
HOWARD, 821— Rooms, $1 up; housekeeping,
?S and $9. -
HOWARD— I2I4— 2 or I large sunny furnished
rooms for housekeeping.
LINDEN. 331— Private flat 4 unfurnished rooms;
water and bath; $12 a month. Inquire 32S
Fell st. . . '
MARKET, 1028—2 rooms furnished. $6; three
rooms, is. .■>.;.■-.'■' ■• ; . .
MCALLISTER, 422— Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
MISSION,' Large sunny room complete for
housekeeping, $2 per week.
NATOMA, 605 — 2 rooms complete for housekeep-
ing, $10 month; single rooms $4 and $5.
TEHAMA. — Nice sunny furnished room;
housekeeping for one; with sto^e; $4.
TENTH, ill, near Market— 2 nicely furnished
sunny housekeeping rooms; also other rooms.
TURK, — Nicely furnished sunny rooms suit-
. able for housekeeping .
TURK, 543—2 or 3 sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping; gas, stoves, bath.
WILLOW aye., 30. off Larkin st.. between
Eddy and Ellis — Large furnished .room com-
plete for light housekeeping; use of bath.
$6—2 ROOMS and kitchen; water free. 615
Birch aye., bet. Laguna and Buchanan.
ROOMS TO LET,
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Newly furnished; fami-
lies and gentlemen; references given.
BUSH, Large sunny room; hot and cold
water; for gentlemen. . •
DELAWARE. 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms, $8 and $10 mo.; nice suites.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night,
50c to $1; week. $2 to $6; families.
EDDY, 603 — Pleasant unfurnished room; use of
laundry; yard; cheap.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant unfurnished rooms to let.
FRANKLIN. — Unfurnished - sunny front
suites, with or without carpets and gas.
FRANKLIN, 507— Single room for gentleman;
private family; use of bath; hot and cold
water; $6 per month.
GEARY, 622— Nicely furnished single and dou-
ble rooms; bath, gas; reasonable. . .. .
GEARY, 675— Elegantly furnished front room;
bath; gas; running water; suitable tor two;
$10 per month.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 Mission; select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, . 946, . near Sixth— Nice large single
: rooms, $5 per, month. • ■:_• . . .. l
HOWARD. 715, ST. DAVID'S— 2OO room*;
suites; single; sunny reading-room; .25c up.
HOWARD, •!•.-:• --By day, r weeK or month; 25c,
30c, 75c and $1 per. day; $5 to $15 per month.
JESSIE, , Large pleasant j sunny furnished
front room, $8 per month. ,- .''..■.
JONES, 1705, near Broadway— 4 nice sunny
rooms; grand marine view; rent cheap.
MASON, 511— Large sunny front room; grate,
gas and ' bath ; also single : rooms. -
MCALLISTER, 511— Sunny back parlor; grate;
; gas;, bath; $8 month; 2 gentlemen. :
MCALLISTER, 015— Nicely furnished front
suite; $15 per month; hot and cold water. :.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 a week. ,
MISSION, 1145 (The Stella)— Newly furnished
sunny suites, single rooms, $5 mo." up; quiet.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds,' Jewelry •
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
OCTAVIA, 1410, near Geary— Sunny rooms,
: suite or single. •• ■" ■:■■.■:--. ....
O'FARRELL. 329— Sunny furnished rooms; en
suite . or. single; reasonable. - . ■. _.: ,.-,'■:':
PHILADELPHIA House, ' 421 Bush— Rooms;
, gas; running water; $1 week, up; sonny. ,
ROOMS TO Continued.
PINE 9°oE— Neat sunny rooms,' suite or single;
bath, gas; $6 and $18; for gentlemen. -:  r; : ■
POWELL 203 (The Montello)— Sunny ) suites
and "single, rooms; reasonable: transient.
POWELL 509 — nicely furnisnta . sunny \
rooms .adjoining: suitable, for two gentlemen. |
SHERMAN Apartment House. " 28 . Eighth St., j
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, r- 125— Nicely furnished double sunny
front 'room : very cheap. "■
SIXTH, 132— Nice family rooms; • single and j
double; $6 a month up. - ..
STOCKTON. 17 — European; elegant ■ rooms;
suite or single; day, week or month; baths;
hot and cold water; transient; elevator.
SUTTER, 715-717-719. and 609 Hyde— Furnished
and unfurn.; choice and sunny; reasonable.
TAYLOR 10S— Nicely furnished front sunny
suite; light housekeeping; also sunny single ;
room. - ■ . i
TAYLOR. 706 — Well furnished sunny room for !
gentleman. ' -
THIRTEENTH. 409>£ — Three unfurnished
rooms, $10; bath: yard. - . I
WEBSTER, 711—3 or 4 large sunny rooms fur-
nished or unfurnished: modern.
BOARDING J^ n ™ OM^
FOLSOM 511— Swedish private boarding, with j
room. $4 to $". per week; nice location.
HYDE 1105— Front . sunny . room : gas ; bath
running water; with breakfast. $10 month.
VAN NESS aye.— Beautiful sunny rooms;
southern exposure: building new; all mod-
ern conveniences; newly furnished; elegant
for gentlemen: board optional. Apply at SOS
Van Ness aye.
CHILDHEN BOARDED.
ELDERLY German lady wishes to'take a child
to board. 30 Willow aye., off Larkin St., be-
tween Eddy and Ellis. .
GERMAN lady Wishes 2 or 3 children to board;
motherly care: moderate. 1334 Turk st.
PLEASANT, comfortable home for child with I
family without children; excellent care: |
healthy locality; reasonable. E. THOMPJ
SON. Glen Ellen. Cal.
STORES TO LET.
BARBEHTshop to let. 1802 Howard St.. cor.
Fourteenth. !
PART of paint store suitable tor carpenter or
plumber; cheap. 429 Third st.
STORE or factory, well lighted In middle
and al! over; 25x150 or part thereof. 519
■ Howard st. ' ■ '
STORE, with fixtures, corner Howard and La-
fayette sts. ; cheap rent.
FACTORIES TO LET. *^2
MISSION, 579, opp. Wells-Fargo's Express-
Second floor; power available for straw-
works, paper box, shirt, shoes, factories, etc.
_ - HORSES.
HORSES, harness, laundry, express wagons •of !
all • kinds, buggies, carts bought, sold, ex- I
changed at Emporium, 220 Valencia st. I
THREE saddle horses cheap. 204 Plymouth
St.. Ocean View. ■
$55— SINGLE-FOOTER horse (lady can drive).
1190 Mission st.
WANTED— SO old horses free , from disease
jind physic for feed for the animals. Ad-
dress Manager of the Zoo. Chutes, city.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse . Mar-
ket 327 Sixth St.. auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken. -. '. -
.WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
HORSE, wagon and harness. Brewster buggy,
pole and shafts; feed cutter; cheap. 1190
Mission st. '^
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. S2S Harrison st.
DENTISTS.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
, dentistry: no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact: full set of teeth, $5 up; silver
fillings, 25c up: gold crowns, $3 50 up: your
• teeth put In without a plate, open evenings.
997 Market St., cor. Sixth; 'Phone Jessie 1695.
; A FULL set Of teeth, $6; see new. flexible !
plates; It^ht and thin: warranted ten years: i
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work |
> our specialty: fillings. 50c: crowns. $3 50: all
work painless and warranted, j Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st, .■•■..- , , '
NEW YORK Dentists— l InIMM extraction, SOo;
plates, $5: groM filling. ."•■ up: silver, 25c up;
plates mended, $1 up: special inducements''
to . Klondlkers; open evenings and Sundays.
969. Mission St., cor. Sixth.
A FULL set of teeth. $5: painless extracting
free; we make a specialty of crown and
bridge work; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 60c; all
work painless and warranted 10 yer.rs; • our.
prices are always the lowest in town. Pa-
cific Dental Parlor, 18 Third st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are I
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given. .
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without, plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
OHIO Dental Parlors have removed from !>O6 to
819 Market St.. Academy of Sciences- building,
rooms 30, 31 and 32, fifth floor.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE,
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market St. *;* , ,-g
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. -C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. ■ - ■
CARPEV CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works: cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. So. 40.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating,
alteration works, 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c. per yard: relaid at 3c.
STRATTON, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet - Cleaning
Works. 14 nth st. B. GRANT; tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St. ; cleaning, 3c. a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126. - ' ■
~*~ CARPET^ FOR SALE. ~
10.000 YARDS carpets for sale, 15a per yard
and ' upward. . Monarch • Carpet Cleaning
Works, 115 Tenth st. Tel. Mint 1779.
~ LEGAL NOTICES^
TO~the~next of kin of WILLIAM RUSSELL,
late of Engracla Malone Park, Belfast, ware-
house manager, deceased— Pursuant to an or-
der of the High Court of Justice in Ireland,
Chancery division, made In the matter of the
estate of the : above-named WILLIAM RUS-
SELL, deceased, and in a cause, EWART vs.
CLARKE (1897, No. 575), all persons ' claim-
ing to be next-of kin according to the statutes
for the distribution of Intestate estates of the
said WILLIAM RUSSELL living at the time
of his death, on or about the Ist day of
March, 1897, or claiming to be the legal per-
sonal representatives of such of the said next
of kin as have died since the said Ist day of
March, 1897. are by their solicitors on or be-
fore the 13th day of April, 1898, to come In
and prove their claims- at the chambers of
the Right Honorable the Vlce-Chancellor of
Ireland. Four Courts Inns Quay, in the city'
of Dublin, Ireland, or In default thereof they
will be peremptorily excluded from the benefit
of the said order. - -
Wednesday, the 20th day of April. 1898, at
11 o'clock in the forenoon at the said cham-
pers is appointed for hearing and adjudicat-
ing on the claims. -.' ; ■
Dated this 17th day of February, ' 1898. ,i T"- ■■'
H. A. COSGROVE.; Chief Clerk.
HARPER & MILLS, Solicitors for > Plain-
tiffs, 41 Lower Sackville st., Dublin. Ireland.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS— Estate of JACOB
C. JOHNSON, deceased. >
Notice is hereby given by the undersigned,
ANNA E. JOHNSON, ■ executrix of the estate
of JACOB C. JOHNSON, deceased, to the
creditors of, and all persons having claims
against the said deceased, to exhibit them with
the necessary vouchers, within ten months
after the first publication of this notice, to the
said executrix at the office of J. C. JOHN-
SON CO., No. 400 Market st., the same being
her place ' for the ' transaction of the business
of the said estate In the City and ' County of
San Francisco, State of California.
■■■ . ■ ■ ANNA E. JOHNSON.
Executrix of the estate of JACOB C. JOHN-
SON, deceased. .. ■■- V ■- "-.
Dated at San Francisco. February 24. 1898.
;. , .- - .' J. A. , STEPHENS. .
Attorney for Executrix. Claus Spreckels build-
lng. ■ . — ' ■•-■ -•■•-• ■ •-' ■■■■:
;..■■----._• LOST. ■-.'/■ - ■- :
TUESDAY evening, lady's gold watch and fob;
monogram both sides; reward. 1922 Leaven-
i worth : st. ; ■ ■■•,' -"■ .."-.■■' - ' J: - '.. - "..'■'.
LOST— On or about February 9, gold three-leaf
clover pin; 3 diamonds in each leaf; $20 re-
. ward. : 912 Guerrero Bt. • ■■,■■-.
LOST— passbook . with ; the Hibernia' Savings
and ; Loan Society ' of s San Francisco, in r the
name of JOHN JOSEPH WISEMAN JR., No.
217,942. The finder will please return to bank.
PURSE with ; $6 currency and : 2 small checks.
Return 646 Clay ■ st. ' and receive , reward."
CITY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— University Mound Tract, lot 2.
block 116; 100x120 feet. JOS. LAWLER, . 652
Fifth St.. or 2545 Seventeenth st. •" :
A. HORIGER. LOUIS A. SOUC.
L. A. SOUC & CO..
, Real Estate and Insurance Brokers.
Houses Rented. Rents Collected. i
465 ; and 467 Valencia street, near ' Sixteenth.
As we make a specialty of Mission property,
and are right on the spot, we can save you
time and money by calling on us at once. ■
$6250—28x100; Valencia St., near 19th: store
and house of 8 rooms and bath; best block in
the Mission. ■ ...
ISSO— 25x114; ISth st.,' nr. Church.
$CoGo— 24x9o: Mission st. ; a bargain; 3-story
bulding, containing store and 2 flats; 5 rooms,
bath; each in Al order.
$Soo— 25x114; Jersey st., nr. Church; 2
lots. ■ • •
$S500— 50x80; Mission st.: just the ' place for
stores. and flats.
$Sso— Lot 25x114: 20th St., near Dolores.
— 25x105; Guerrero St.; modern home;
bay-window house of 8 rooms and bath.
$650— Lot 25x100; Sanchez St.. nr. ISth.
$2850—20x100; 16th St., nr. Valencia; old Im-
provements; fine location for store and flats.
$1000 — Lot 25x114: 23d St.. near Sanchez.
$6750-60x115; 17th St., nr. Guerrero; house of
8 rooms, bath; stable and driveway. r
$1000— 25x114; 27th st.. near Guerrero.
$2600—24x75; San Carlos, nr. 20th: cheap home;
6 rooms and bath. L. A. SOUC & CO..
- . 465-467 Valencia st., nr. Sixteenth.'
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM A. FIRST FLOOR,
: CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
SECURE A HOME.
Positively Best Bargains! Easiest Terms!
$100, $150 to $250; level building lots near
MlFsion-st. electric cars; only $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
~ . SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS'.
$400, $450 to $S5O; graded officially; superb
view; $25 down and $10 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
~~ RICHMOND LOTS'.
$400, $450 to $800; ' choicest building lots;
streets graded and sewered; $25 down: $10
monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$1350 to $1800; chol<?e, almost new, cottage in
Richmond and Sunset Heights; easy payments.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for maps and diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room A, Crocker building.
BIG bargain — 6 modern Western Addition flats.
$15,000: renting for $133 50: $7000 can remain
on mortgage. Postofflce box 2495. . - :
NEW 5-room cottage; a beauty; easy rental
terms. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
FOR sale— Choice business property; rents for
$200; NW corner Mission and Spear sts. ; 45:10
x 77:6. H. SCHWERIN. 546 Clay St.
BARGAIN— 12-room house, lot 20x63: $1100
cash, balance monthly installments if desired.
51 Shipley st. . . - -
IF you Intend building, let me submit an esti-
mate with phiriß, etc.: no charge; best of ref-
erences, bonds, etc. W. W. REDNALL,
builder. 1326 Hayes st. . ■ -
NEW house. 7 rs.. bath: easy terms: Mission:
swap, part paymt for lot. BABIN,. 413 Kearny.
BIG bargain— 6 modern Western Addition flats.
$15,000: renting for $133 50: $7000 can remain
on mortgage. Postofflce box 2495.
CLAIRVOYANTS. ~~f
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease; full life reading; ladles 50c,
gentssl; palm, and clairv. ; Bit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 2."c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. LE NORMANDK. reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card-
reader: 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME, HANSEN. the fortune-teller: last week
In city. Call now 148 Sixth St.. room 5. 
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in her pro-
fession: never fails; advice; help. 929 Post. \
MRS. MANDENA. medium, palmist: life read-
ings, 25c; satisfaction guarant'd. 23 Sixth st.
MME. RVAEXSON, only reliable card reader
and fortune teller; 25c. 441 Geary st.
MRS. SHAFFER.- test and business medium;
sittings daily. 123 Vi Sixth St., room 14.
MISS TROY from Chicago, magnetic healer
and card reader. 1015 Market, rm. 17, 2d floor.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT. 131 Taylor St.. room
2; mind-reader and palmist.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and |
water reader. 821V4 Mission: German spoken.
•'MISS BELL GRANT, card reading and mag-
netic healing. 122 Post st., room 10.
RAY FAIR, card reader; magnetic healing a
specialty. 223 Post St.. room 2. ' . . ( . v ,
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2. 120V4 Geary st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
; SPIRITUALISM.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night, 10c. 605
McAllister st. : convincing tests.
CIRCLE this evening. 1819 Turk st. ; 10c.
TEST circle to-night, 10a 1542 Guerrero St.,
near Twenty-eighth: sittings. 50c. -
MEDIUMS' Ass'n — Test meeting to-night; Mrs.
Robinson. Mrs. Shriner: 997 Market St.; 10c. <
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
all questions; L., 25c: G.. 50c; no sign. 3 7th.
MRS. FAIRBANKS, test mcd.: circle Sun. Tu.
Frl. eves.. 10c; readings dally. 25c. 108 6th.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate-writing me-
dium. US Halght st.
PROF. GEE; readings daily: test circles Tue.,
Thur.. Fri.. Sp. m.: 2. .c. - 865H Market st.
MRS. SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy St., room 3.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
m»ssnifPS nn.l advice. 218 Stockton st.
HYPNOTISM-
SAN FRANCISCO College of Suggestive Thera-
peutics; private Instruction. 911 Van Ness
aye. L. F. TURMAN. Sec. .
THOROUGH course In hypnotism, with di-
ploma. $5. CAL. INSTITUTE. 4Q2' a Geary st.
MEDICAL. -
ALL Ladies — C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
CO years' practice;, safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief, J
though else fall; delicacy, prlßfeSy, home,
etc • babies adopted ; travelers treated; no
delay self-cure sent; call or write; free: con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, 59
McAllister st. ; pills, $2. ;
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions j
from whatever cause restored at once: safe |
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and ;
aid' instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; home in confinement;
best care and privacy: for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before, going else- |
where; regulating I pills and capsules, $1. j
MRS. DR. WEYTH. 918 Post St.. nr. Larkln.
DRS GOODWIN, 401 Van Ness aye.— Ladies, I
near or far, consult free the only doctor who j
uses Schenck's method, the celebrated French
physician; a safe, sure and reliable cure for i
all irregularities from whatever cause; re- j
stores strength ■ and vigor of organs; ■< unex- !
celled: 15 years' practice; maternity home:
best skill, low fees; pills, $2. -
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all : female
diseases; a home In confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of ■ home and con-
■ venience of a hospital; those sick or. discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. . MRS.
DR. GWYER, 226 Turk st. -■,:-
SURE cure, when others fail; no medicine- or
Instruments; . every ■ woman her * own | physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause; restore In 1 day; never fails; consulta-
tion free; can be sent and used at home. . DR.
POPPER, 318 Kearny; orders by telephone.; .
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause): no instruments used; cure at of-
fice $5: consultation free: hours 10 to 5. DR.
ANT) MRS. KOHL. 1118 Market st.
LADIES, Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand) best; safe,, reliable: take !
no other; send -4c stamps for— particulars.
•Relief tot Ladies." letter by return mail; at .
druggists. - Chichester Chemical Co., ■Phlla.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro ; price
- $1 60. RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.: send
2c stamp for particulars to > Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger: 'safe cure: $2 50;
express C. O. D. don't delay until too late.
. OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
DR. : HALL, 59 McAllister st. ; diseases of wo-
men and ■ children. ■ ' " .;-*"..;.
LADIES — Mrs. Dr. Puetz : I infallible, safe ; rem-
edies: 38. years' experience.' 254^ Fourth ■htnji
HOME In- confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. Ft'NKE. 1416 Sth St., Alameda, .
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.'
ADVICE free: divorce laws specialty; private;
• no fee without success; . collections, wills,
probate, insolvency, deeds, ".damages..: mort-
gages, copartnership, - bllls-of-sale, . patents,
trademarks, etc. : established 10 years. G. W.
( : HOWE, att-at-law, S5O Market, cor. - ; Stockton.
ADVICE " free : no 's charge ''. unless * successful. :
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
COUNTRY real estate.
DO YOU -WANT ; -. . -' ] ■
.: A Fruit, Grain or Grazing Ranch
Select one from the Bank of Woodland. Lands
offered at less than foreclosure prices .
:V IN CAPAY VALLEY, '
The earliest fruit section, well settled and only
30 miles from San Francisco by rail.
FRUIT AND GRAIN LAND.
SS',4 acres near Winters. :..:.... $17 50 per acre
2030 acres near Esparto ........$2O 00 per acre
160% acres. near Tancred $20 00 per acre
10.". acres '"near Winters $22 50 per. acre
131 acres near Madison $30 00 per acre
320 acres near Winters $30 00 per acre
161% acres near Capay ..$4O 00 per acre
ALSO
12S0 acres near Swingles ..$ 2 25 per acre
4SO acres near Merritts $16 50 per acre
240 acres near Dunnigan $11 00 per acre
. . . ALSO—
110." acres near Wi110w5.. .........527 50 per acre
800 acres near Anderson. Sacra-
mento River bottom.,'. $16 50 per acre
- GRAZING LAND. - -
529."% acres flanking Capay Valley.s4 00 per acre
4530 acres flanking Capay Valley. s2 75 per acre
376S acres adjoining Capay Val.s2 25 per acre
2800 acres adjoining Capay Val. s3 50 per acre
7920 acres near Red Bluff... $2 00 per acre
McAFEE BROS..
108 Montgomery st., 'San Francisco. Cal. ■
RUSSIAN RIVER valley lands; near Healds-
burg, Sonoma County; 10 acres in vines and
orchard : fine well and windmill : 3-room cot-
tage; price $2000: 7 acres adjoining, partly in
vines, price $1000. McAFEE BROTHERS.
10S Montgomery st., I San Francisco, v
FOR sale— l3s acres; fine virgin redwood and
pine timber: near L. E. .White's railroad
Elk, Mendoclno Count- consisting of the NE.
% of SW. Vi of Sec. 31. township 14 N.. range
. 15 west. For full particulars as to price, etc.,
apply to A. CLOCKERS, Navarro. Cal. . '
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE- !
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms: 4s minutes
from the city; cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO., 132 Market st. ,
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS^
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$5 PER month rent for a nice chicken ranch,
or will sell it at a bargain; payments as rent, j
$75 for a line lot: $5 cash, $."> monthly; build
your own home, or we will build it for .you;
payments as rent.
$125 for a nice lot and barn; $10, $5 monthly;
.Allendale settlement. East Oakland: 3 electric
car lines and fine school near; streets all i
graded, some macadamized; soil, climate and ,
view the best. Call or send for circular, 459
Ninth st., bet. Washington and Broadway,
Oakland. H. 2. JONES. Owner.
A POOR man's chance— sBso will buy a 4-room
house and lot, 25x139. near San Pablo aye..
ten minutes from City Hall; easy terms;
don't delay seeing this. BELDEN & COOK,
J. 112 Broadway. Oakland.- -
OAKLAND FURMTJU^JE^JFO^SALE^
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store, 408
Eleventh St., Oakland. • -
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$5500— New 2-story residence; 6 large rooms;
modern; cor. lot, 50x150; near Mastic Station;
part cash, bal. installments. . 735 R. R. aye.
SPECIAL NOTICE. '
FIRST COME. FIRST SERVED.
JUST JKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700. $ISOO. $2200, $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages, which have
been thrown on the market . for non-payment
of installments, and they are now offered at a
great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain
4, 5. 6 and 7 rooms and are finished up to date;
almost new, and located near schools and sta-
We are going to weed them out, and Invite
Inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL.
Bay st. station. Alameda, and 628 Market st.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
BIGGEST bargain— s2Soo: lot 70x160; cottage. 6
rooms; orchard and chicken yard; half block
from Mastick Station; all improvements; 1531
Prospect st. Apply 501 Market St., S. F.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
■Want ads and subscriptions »aken.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET. __ - .
TO LET— New cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
lawn, flower garden and orchard: lovely
place. 1532 Ninth St.. near Mastick station;
:$l9;: $19; water free: ground cared for. -
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A GREAT bargain— For sale. 2 acres only four
blocks from station: $650 per acre. O. G.
MAY & CO.. 2123 Center st., Berkeley.
FOR sale— Near the university grounds, ; an ele-
gantly built house: lot northeast corner, 75x
134; street work all done. JOS. J. MASON,
' Berkeley Station. . .-
FIRST-CLASS Investment; a fine corner, stores
and rooms above; to be sold at a bargain.
JOS. J. MASON, Berkeley Station. .
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
SHOE factory, half or all for ranch. Apply to
H. Q. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
33 ACRES; bearing fruit ranch near Vacavllle;
income $2000. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
SALOON to exchange for house and lot; pay
cash difference. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
$1800— GOOD ranch of 160 acres, near Redding;
plenty timber and water, for bay property;
' equal value. Box 1625. Call.
TO exchange— blocks, each 200x200, in Mar-
tinez, Cab. value $4000, for S. F. real estate:
will pay a cash difference if city property Is
valued over $4000. Box 1509. Call office.
IhONEY TO LOAN. v
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In
probate, life insurance, goods In warehouse,
furniture without removal ; no delay. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery st., room 2. , * •
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14. '
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal; mdse in storage; life Ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc. ; - low in-
terest ; private; no com. R. 68, 1170 Market.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. ' Baldwin - Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st; tel. Green 204.
$5 ■UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
■ pianos, furniture -or jewelry; all ■ . business
strictly confidential ; private offices. M. E.
DOUG AN & CO., 230 Kearny St.; upstairs.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
• moval; low rates; no commission: $2o up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell St. __
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St.. upstairs: strictly private; low
rates: tel. Red 1121; established 1869. ___
FURNITURE, pianos.- estates in probate; no
fees. HILL & CO.. 14 McAllister St., room 64.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 508 California st. - -
$30 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. • .MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture ; no removal lowest
rates; no com,; private. 116 McAllister st.
SIXTH, Most reliable place to borrow
money; diamonds and jewelry. "
FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc. : lowest
rates. McAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery st.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Adolfo Bonora and Antonieta Ferria, 29—17. .
Charles Just and Elizabeth Dittmer, 37—32.
E. W. Kuster and May E. Batterson. 21—22.
F. Stillman and Katherine Kerschbaum, 26-24.
M H. Bohlen and Anna M. Bredehof t, 38—26.
Henry R. Crosble and Cella R. Smith. 21— 19.
T. Atuningson and Emma A. Johnson. 32—22.
W. J. Hackmeier and Lizzie Schneider, 21-21.
W A. Hadlock and Minnie Calvin, 35—29.
W. R. Rafael and Mary A. Bernal. 24—27.
BIRTHS-MRRIAQES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. - They must be
handed in at either of > the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished. ;- '■ \LL__ -
BORN.
BANGASSER— In Alameda. March 7. IS9B. to
, the wife of W. F. Bangasser. a daughter. =-
RYBERG— March 9, 1898, to the ' wife of Ed-
ward Ryberg, a daughter. " :
MORRILL— In ' this city, February 2, : 1898, to
the wife of Raymond H. Morrill. a son.. -
- MARRIED.
EBY— In Oakland. March 8, 1898. at the
a residence of. the bride's parents, by the Rev.-
J W. Phillips, Will P. Jost of Antioch and
Anna P. Eby of Oakland. *
McGOWAN— In t this city, March 7,
• 1898. by the Rev. Clarence '-. Wilson,- Ed w. ;
vS. : Mc.Gowan and Anna ■ Schol a, " both of - San '
■•Francisco. . :-■'.'-'■. - -- / • ",* -.
■ \ DIED. . V
Bede, Augustine _: Kelly.'. Jennie ■■■"■[-■
Betkowski, Frank D.. Klnnlnmonth Andrew
Caro, Catherine Linden. Mary
Coll. Michael McConnell. Capt. R.
Ewing, Esther F. Mclaughlin. Mary
Fagothey, Jean Mahoney. James E.
Ferrell. Mrs. Fannie Merz. Waldburga
Glancy. Patrick Mohr. Rose
Guldemann, Frieda O'Leary, Cornelius
Herriman, Isaac Owens, E. D.
Hickey. Bridget Reeves, Clarence H.
Hildebrand. B. J. Russell. John
Hobbs. Elvira W. Shepston, James T.
Hynes, Mary
BEDE— In the City and County Hospital.
March 9, 1898, Augustine Bede, a native of
France, aged 24 years.
BETKOWSKI— In this city. March 9. 1898.
Frank D., beloved son of Ellen and the late
Peter Betkowski. and brother of Margaret
and Annie Betkowski, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2B year.-* 2 months and 12 days.
(ETFriendo and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tn-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 22 Silver street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, Brnnnan street, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
RINCON PARLOR, NO. 72, N. S. G. W. : Offi-
cers and members of Rincon Parlor No. 72,
N. S. G. W.. are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother. Frank
D. Betkowrki. to-morrow (Friday), at S:3O
o'clock, from his late residence, 23 Silver
street. R. J. O'BRIEN. Pres.
L. K. HAGENKAMP. Sec.
CARO— In this city. March 9, 1898, Catherine
Caro, a native of Massachusetts, aged 60
years.
COLL— In this city. March 8. 1898, Michael,
beloved husband of the late Maria Coll, and
father of John C. James T., Maria T.. Mich-
ael F. and Jose;ih Coll, a native of County
Donegal, Ireland, aged 45 years and 11
months.
E~?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to Pttend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 679 Clementina street, thence to
• St. Joseph's Church, Tenth street, for serv-
ices, commencing nt 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
EWING — In this city, March 8, 1898, Esther F..
dearly beloved daughter of Charles S. and
Stasla Ewing, grandchild of Mrs. A. M<-
Laughlin, and niece of Mrs. It. A. Vance and
Mrs. B. F. Relley. aged 3 years and 7 months.
(E7"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this das
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residenci
of the parents, 226 North Willard street. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FAGOTHEY— In this city, March 9, IS9R, Jean,
beloved husband of Gabrielle Fagothey.
father of Denis, Frank. Joseph and Jean
Fagothey, and father-in-law of Leon Roger,
a native' of France, aged 74 years.
E7"Thf> funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the French
Church of Notre Dame dcs Victoires. Bush
street, where a mass will be said for the
repose of his soul. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train. Interment
private.
FERKELL— In this city, March 9, IR9S, Mrs.
Fannie (Nelson) FerrPll. wife of M. J. C.
Ferroll, mother of Earl Ferrell. daughter of
Lars and Jennie Nelson, and sister of Frank.
Willis, Leonard and Lillie Nelson, a nativa
of lowa, aged 20 years 1 month and 15 days.
GLANCY— In this city. March 7. 1898, Patricl*
Glancy, a native of Ireland, aged 61 years.
GULPEMANN— In this city. March 9. 1898.
Frieda, beloved daughter of Henry and Au-
gusta. Guldemann. and sister of Willie anc
Else Guldemann, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 years 3 months and 19 days.
HERRIMAN— In this city. March 9, IS9B. Isaac,
youngest and beloved son of Isaac and Xlevel
Hi rriman. and brother of Rosi*, Arthur an<s
Victoria Herriman. a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 months and 27 days.
HICKEY— In this city, March 9, 1898. Bridget,
beloved wife of John Hickey, and mother of
James. Annie. Daniel, Mary, Thomas, Ellie
and Willie Hickey. a native of the parish of
Gowran, County Kilkenney, Ireland, aged 44
years.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 23 Dehon street, off Sixteenth, be-
tween Church and Sanchez, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the. repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HILDEBRAND— March 8. IS9B, Bernhard J.,
beloved son of Alex and Emllie Hildebrand.
and brother of Anna, Gustav and Ernst Hil-
debrand, a native of San Francisco, aged
2S years 2 months and 15 A member
Of Golden Gate Parlor No. '£), N. S. G. W.
ty The funeral services will be held
this day (Thursday), at 9:45 o'clock, at the
residence of the parents, 1017 Golden Gate
avenue, under the auspices of Golden Gate
Parlor No. 29. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by train leaving Third and Town-
send streets at 11:30 o'clock. Interment pri-
HOBBS— In this city, March 8. 1898. Elvira W
beloved wife of the late C. S. Hobbs, and
mother of J. K. C. Hobbs. a native of Ken-
nebunk, Me., aged 90 years 3 month.6 and 23
E? ; The funeral services will be held
this day (Thursday), at 11 o'clock, at her
late residence, 30 Ltberty street. Interment
private.
HYNES— In this city, March 9, 1898, Mary
Hynes, beloved sister of Ammie, James and
the late John Hynes, a native of Ireland,
aged S6 years.
lE? Remains at the funeral parlors of James
McMenomy & Son, 1057 Mission street.
KELLY— In this city. March 8. 1898, Jennie,
beloved wife of H. W., and mother of F. W.
and Arabelle M. Kelly, a native of Connec-
ticut, aged 44 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Grace M. E.
Church, corner Twenty-first and Capp streets.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
riage.
KINNINMONTH— In this city. March 9. 1898,
Andrew Kinninmonth, uncle of Andrew Wil-
kie and Mrs. Baxter, a native of Fifeahire,
Scotland, aged S3 years.
IC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) at 10:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his 'nephew, Andrew Wilkie. 433 Oak
street. Interment private. Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
LINDEN— In« this city. March 8. 1898, at her
residence. 160SA Turk street, Mary, beloved
wife of Edward J. Linden, and mother of
Edward J., Frank J. and Kitty Linden, Mrs.
Bessie Reynolds and Mrs. Nellie Keefe. a na-
tive of Cahirclveen, County Kerry. Ireland,
aged 55 years. (Portland, New Orleans and
New York papers please copy.)
(CT'Notice of funeral hereafter.
McCONNELL— In this city, March S, 1898. Cap-
tain Robert McConnell, beloved father of.
Robert H., Andrew M.. Gibson, Alexander
and the late Gussie McConnell. Mrs. Wil-
liam Van Keuran, Mrs. Charles Budd and
the late Mrs. R- F. Crockard. a native of
Londonderry, Ireland, aged 63 years 2 months
and S days. (Poughkeepsie. N. V., papers
please copy.)
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the luneral to-morrow
(Friday) at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 235 Thirteenth street, between Mis-
sion and Howard. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city, March 8. 1898.
Mary McLaughlin, a native of Ireland, aged
4S years.
MAHONEY— In this city. March 8. UK, James
E beloved son of Edward J. and Jane Ma-
honey. a native of San Francisco, aged 4
(CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the rebidence
of the parents, 1324 Florida street. Inter-
ment private.
MERZ— In Fruitvale, at the German Alten-
heim March 9, 1898, Waldburga, beloved wife
of Gottlieb Merz, a native of Bavaria, Ger-
many, aged 81 years and 11 months.
MOHR-In this city, March 9. 1898, Rose, be-
loved wife of Rudolph Mohr, and mother of
■Selby Henry and Blanche Mohr, a native of
New" York City, aged 42 years.
(ETFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-murrow (Friday), at 10
o'clock from her late residnce, 315 Hyde
street Interment Home of Peace Cemetery,
by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and Town-
send streets.
O'LEARY-In this city. March 9. 1898, Corne-
lius beloved son of Mary O lyeary, and
brother of John. Katie and Minnie O'Leary
and Mrs. Thomas Rochford, a native of Kin-
sale, County Cork, Ireland, aged 22 years.
ir?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 1010*- Bryant street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church. Tenth street, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
REEVES In Wuchow. China, March 8. 1898,
Clarence Hamlin, beloved husband of Lillian
F Lamont Reeves, .only son of Truman
and M E. Reeves, and brother of Clara
Bell Reeves of San Bernardino, Cal.,
a native of Ohio, aged 27 years and 10
months.
RI'SSELL— In Seattle. Wash., March 6. 1898,
John, beloved husband of Mary Russell of
San Francisco, a native of Queen 3 County,
Ireland, aged 50 years.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 616 Bush street, thence to St. Mary's
Church, corner California and Dupont streets,
m here a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
SHEPSTON— In Santa Monica, March 4, 1898,
James T. Shepston, a native of Vermont,
aged 54 years.
ST DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING ASSO-
ciation— The regular monthly requiem high
mass for the deceased members of the above
association, and for the deceased parents and
relatives of the members, will be celebrated
in St. Dominic's Church. Bush and Stelner
streets, this day (Thursday), at 9 o'clock.
Friends are invited to attend.
I. O. O. F.— Pacific Lodge No. 153, I. O. O. F.:
Officers and members are requested to as-
semble at their hall to-morrow (Friday), at
9 o'clock, to attend the funeral of our late
brother, E. D. Owens.
T. HAL'GHWONT. N. O.
I Me AVOY V G A I LLAGHErT™™T
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3 I
20 FIFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln School. ]
Telephone. South 30. |
1314
POLICEMAN
COOK MAKES
A BAD BREAK
He Accepts Bail and
Then Incarcerates
His Prisoner.
Frank Bond, a Lodging-
House Clerk, Is His
Helpless Victim.
The Officious Patrolman Must
Answer to the Police
Commissioners.
CAPTAIN SPILLANE ANGRY
Serious Charges Have Been Preferred
Ajain&t the Pinkerton of Mar
ket Street.
Police Officer James Cook will have to
answer to a charge of unoificerlike con
duct at the next meeting of the Police
Commissioners. Last Monday Cook was
sent by Captain Spillane to serveawar
rant on Frank Bond, night clerk at the
Denver House, charging him with bat
tery. After forcing his way into his
room, Bond explained to Cook that Al
fred Berg, the complaining witness, had
attempted to assault him, and to pro
tect himself he affectionately smote
him on the nose. Bond, after inquiring
as to the amount of bail, gave Cook $40
with the understanding that he was to
deposit it at the Centrai Station in lieu
of his appearance. Cook, after accept
ing the money, left the house, after tell
ing Bond that "everything would be all
right.' To the surprise of the night
clerk, the officious policeman returned
in about twenty minutes, and com
manded him to dress himself.
. "You can't make a monkey of me,"
remarked Cook. "I am dead on to
you."
Cook then threw the two twenties he
had received on the bureau, and with
an oath ordered the surprised clerk to
"put on his clothes."
Bond reluctantly obeyed, and as he
finished his joilet Cook seized him by
the arm and dragged him downstairs,
where the patrol wagon was in wait
ing. He was then hustled into the
wagon and driven to the Central Sta
tion. After the lutter place was reached
Cook told him that he could secure his
release by putting up $40. Bond read
ily gave Desk Sergeant Lindheimer the
amount required, and was at once re
leased. The following morning the
case came up in Judge Conlan's court
and as the complaining witness or the
arresting officer failed to appear it was
dismissed.
Smarting under the humiliation of
being dragged out of his bed and in
sulted by an alleged guardian of the
peace. Bond visited the office of Cap
tain Spillane and informed him of the
facts.
Cook was sent for, and as he resorted
to the "baby act," as the captain of
the southern station expressed it, the
latter decided to give him a chance to
explain himself at the next meeting of
the Police Commissioners. Yesterday
formal charges were entered against
the officious policeman.
Bord, in his statement to Captain
Spillane. accused Cook of being influ
enced by a gang of "soreheads" who
lodge in the house.
"They had no use for me," he re
marked, "and when Berg continued to
tantalize me, I promptly landed on his
jaw. He had an aggravating habit of
taking out his knife and whittling his
pencil when he engaged me in conver
sation. Last Sunday night he repeated
the performance, arid as I thought he
was getting too familiar I soaked him
In the jaw.
"Cook seemed satisfied when I gave
him *he amount of my bail," hp con
tinued; "but after leaving my room he
evidently met the gang, and they t hided
him about not locking me up. Evident
ly to appease them, he again broke into
my room, and after throwing the money
on the bureau, started to pull me out
of bed."
Captain Spll'.ane is indignant over
what he terms the insolence of Cook.
"If the facts are true," he remarked
last night, "he is not fit to be a police
man. He ought to be dismissed from
the force, and if Bond satisfies the
Commissioners that his story is correct,
there is no doubt but what he will. I
am trying hard to assist the Commis
sioners in making this a model depart
ment, and to think that a policeman,
particularly one of my own men, would
endeavor to upset my plans seems
strange, to say the least. Cook, how
ever, will get a square deal, and if the
facts as stated by Bond are true, I will
do all in my power to have him dis
missed."
HTNTON INTRODUCED.
At the meeting of the Railroad Com
mission yesterday W. M. Hlnton. the new
Commissioner, was formally introduced
to his colic-agues by Secretary Sam New
man, but though he had his papers with
him he took no active part in the pro
ceedings of the board, as the successor
to his former position had not yet taken
office and consequently Mr. Hinton was
not quite ready to assume the duties of
his new office.
Two complaints of excessive freight
charges, one from M. W. Armstrong of
Lofl Angfl^s and the other from C. 13.
Stono, manager of the San Francisco
P.reweries i Limited), were received, but
as the commission had no Jurisdiction in
either cas* no action was taken.
AMUSEMENTS.
Itching, scaly, bleeding palms, shapeless nails,
and painful linger ends, pimples, blackheads,
oily, motby skin, dry, thin, «nd falling hair, Itch-
Ing, scaly t>calps, all yield quickly to warm baths
with CiTTuntiA Soap, and - gentle anointings
with Cuticura (ointment;, the great skin cure.
(yticura
I- sold throughout the world. Ponu Dbo« Am Cau.
Our.. 8010 Props.. no«(on.
£7» " How 10 Fradooe Sod, While Haul*," free.
ITCHING HUMORS ■■-*SSifelJ*
i. ' y ■■••;■ •* . . . mill »T-iTn-j-i-ifriifn~r t TirTif^rii .. ,. mn.n^w -■■->«■ •-
ONE FUNERAL
WAS NOT
ENOUGH
W. P. Rogers Runs
Amuck on the Or
egon Express.
He Wanted to Kill His
Bereaved Brother-in-
Law,W.H.Weeks.
They Were Returning From the
Burial of Mrs. Weeks in
Nevada City.
SORROW BECAME ANGER.
Weeks Was Disarmed in the Morn
ing or There Might Have Been
More Trouble.
It was an excited lot of passengers
that came in on the Oregon express
last night, and the presence of a police
officer in uniform, who was evidently
waiting for one of their number, in
some measure explained the cause of
their agitation.
There was a returning funeral party
on board, and one of them, the brother
of the deceased, had so far forgotten
his grief as to make a murderous as
sault upon his brother-in-law, having
previously nerved himself for the as
sault by frequent libations whenever
the train stopped long enough at a sta
tion to allow him to visit the saloon at
tachment.
The party was returning from the
funeral of Mrs. W. H. Weeks, who died
at 945 Valencia street, in this city, last
Saturday. In accordance with her
wishes the body was sent to her old
home in Nevada, where the interment
took place on Tuesday.
The bereaved husband, W. H. Weeks,
W. P. Rogers, the dead woman's
brother, who came from Grass Valley,
and Mrs. I. S. Hobbs of 305 A Bartlett
street of this city, a niece of the de
ceased, made up the party from here
which accompanied the body to Nevada.
Yesterday the mourners prepared to
return to this city, but before doing so
Weeks and Rogers got into some
trouble and before they were sepa
rated Weeks threatened to kill Rogers
the first chance he got. Rogers became
alarmed and had Weeks arrested and
searched; a revolver was taken from
him and then, as it was deemed that he
could provoke no further trouble, he
was allowed to proceed on his way.
Exulting in his security, Rogers pro
ceeded to imbibe freely and then too
freely, and before he had reached Col
fax he was becoming belligerent. From
Colfax to Sacramento he spent his time
in trying to persuade the conductor
and the Pullman porter to lend him a
revolver, or if they could not do that to
take time to get off and buy him one.
They refused. however, and thon
Rogers went to his seat and nursed his
wrath until the train passed Port
Costa, By that time he had made up
his mind to do something, so he drew
NARROWLY ESCAPED IMMERSION IN A VAT
OF BOILING TAR.
"Thank God, It was no worse. That was one of the luckiest es
capes a man ever had."
Harry Kirchner uttered this fervent expression of gratitude yester
day as he lay on a bed of pain at the Lane Hospital, Webster and Clay
streets. On first glance his condition was such as to excite surprise at
what he said, for berth wrists were wrapped with cloths soaked in a
soothing ointment, while feet and ankles were similarly dressed. But
when the cause became known Kirchner's words were fraught with
such significance as to make one shudder.
Briefly speaking, he had just avoided death as horrible as that
which human ingenuity, combined with fiendish purpose, could ever de
vise—being immersed in a vat of boiling tar. If it had not been far the
presence of mind and quickness of a fellow workman, that is the very
fate that would have overtaken the unfortunate man.
Kirchner is employed in Montague's pipe and boiler factory, on
Harriet street, below Brannan. and went to work yesterday morning
with no thc-ught of any accident to follow. After pipes are made it
is the custom to dip them in a vat of tar, known as the "tar bath," in
order to prevent rusting, and it was on this work that Kirchner was
employed, together with a companion.
A large bundle of pipes had just been laid on trestles close to the
vat. and Kirchner was standing on the edge fastening a chain sus
pended from a beam to the pipes when -his foot slipped, and down he
r went to what looked like certain death in the boiling tar. The black
ness of the mass was not greater than his despair, as what seemed his
awful fate burst upon his undei-standing with the quickness of the
lightning flash, and he groaned in anguish. But, quick as a cat, his
companion, who had witnessed the slip, bounded to the edge of the vat,
and, grasping the unfortunate man around the waist, dragged him out
of the vat.
Water was immediately thrown on Kirchner's arms and legs by his
rescuer, and soon many others were present to render all the assist
ance possible. A patrol wagon was summoned, and Dr. Plummer
notified. He asked that the sufferer be taken to the Lane Hospital,
and he was driven there with all speed. On examination by Dr. Rix
ford it was found that the burns on the hands and arms were super
ficial, and those on the legs and feet but little worse. A few seconds
more in the vat, and certain death would have resulted. Only marvel
ous celerity prevented the tar from burning the body and face.
The name of the rescuer could not be learnpd to-day, as, indeed,
could none of the facts at the factory, where secrecy as regards acci
dents seems almost to be a matter of religion. Kirchner will probably
be able to leave the hospital in two weeks.
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 10, 1898.
his pocket-knife and started for his
brother-in-law.
Mrs. Hobbs saw him coming and she
caught hold of him, but she might as
well have tried to stop the engine.
With a bound he was on his aged vic
tim, stabbing viciously with his
weapon, and before the passengers who
came to his rescue could pull him off
Rogers had inflicted two deep wounds
in the face of the object of his wrath,
and only wailed because he was not al
lowed to do more.
The sleeper was in an uproar In a
moment. Women shrieked and men
ran along the aisle trying to help or
trying to see, it made little matter
which, and It was some time before the
train hands could get the excited
Rogers under control and take him
into the smoker, where he anxiously
asked what kind of a job he had made
of it and expressed the utmost sorrow
because he had not been able to do
more. "He said I should never get to
San Francisco alive," Rogers shouted,
"and I'm sorry I didn't kill him."
Harry Morse, the detective, was on
the train and he searched Rogers for
any more weapons that he might have,
but only found the pocket-knife.
Dr. Perry of the United States Medi
cal Service and Charles T. Hughes of
Sacramento were on the train and they
attended to Weeks and stitched his
wounds. They telegraphed ahead for
a policeman, and when the train ar
rived at Sixteenth street in Oakland
Rogers was taken Into custody on a
cbnrge of drunkenness. A more serious
charge will be placed against him if
Weeks will swear to it when he re
covers.
ST. PATRICK'S DAY.
The Congregation of St. Teresa's Pre
paring for a Grand Celebration.
St. Teresa's congregation in the Po
trero will celebrate St. Patrick's day in a
very becoming manner. Two masses will
be celebrated in the morning and the
evening will be devoted to a grand enter
tainment to raise funds to decorate the
beautiful church. The pastor has em
ployed some skillful artists and the fres
coing is already under way.
Among the talent who have kindly con
sented to attend may be mentioned Miss
Annie Rooney. Miss Genevieve Sullivan,
Miss Etta Walsh, G. V. Woods. Mr. Daly,
Fred A. Grifflng, J. McDonnell, Denis C.
Sheerin and Mr. Hayes. The orchestra
will be supplied by the string band from
St. Ignatius College. The entertainment
will consist of Irish music, recitations,
"The Soldier's Dream," and the comic
operetta, "Penelope."
The proceeds of the evening's entertain
ment will be solely devoted to defray the
expenses of the frescoing, and It is hoped
that sufficient money will be raised to de
fray all the expenses^
HONOBING THEIR DEAD
Teachers Express Regrets on the Loss
of Miss Macdonald.
A number of friends and fellow-teachers
of the late Miss Kate Macdonald met in
the Franklin Grammar School, of which
Miss Macdonald was formerly vice-prin
cipal, Tuesday afternoon to express their
regrets at her decease.
The meeting was called by Richard D.
Faulkner, principal of the school, who
thought it but proper that some action
should be taken on the death of one who
had been in the department so many
years and who was so dear to all with
whom she came in contact. When the
department was in its infancy and schools
few this was a general custom, but of
late years it has been almost entirely
abandoned and the meeting of Tuesday
will probably mark the revival of an old
custom.
Short speeches in memory of the de
parted one were made and Miss Lou Clas
sen, the senior teacher of the school,
presented a set of resolutions expressing
appreciation for Miss Macdonald'e valu
able services and high regard for her life
and character which were unanimously
adopted.
He Wanted to Die.
Peter Hansen, who claims to be a mem
ber of the Na\ T al Corps, while suffering
from an over-indulgence in liquor last
night, attempted to commit suicide by
throwing himself into the bay from
Beale-street wharf. He was prevented
by a citizen, who held htm until a pniico
officer arrived. He was then taken to the
Receiving Hospital and placed in a
padded cell.
Ten cents for a bottle of Low's Hore
hound Cough Syrup. 417 Sansome st. •
RIFLING
THE MAIL
BOXES
Postal Authorities Are
Worried Over
Thefts.
Daring Work of a Robber
Who Is Said to Be an
Ex-Convict.
Provided With a Duplicate Key
He Successfully Plies His
Vocation.
SECURES VALUABLE BOOTY
Seen by a Citizen in the Act of Pilfer
ing at Height and Cough
Streets.
The postal authorities have asked
the police department to assist them
in capturing a thief who has been
stealing mail from various letter boxes.
The man is provided with a key to the
boxes, and operates between the hours
of midnight and 6 o'clock In the morn
ing.
Last Saturday night at least a half
dozen boxes were opened and a number
of valuable letters taken.
The following night the thief worked
apparently without fear of detection as
he succeeded In stealing the mall from
numerous boxes.
One of the three letters which he
took contained a $10 bill. The sender,
receiving word that the bill had not
reached her friend to whom she sent
it. visited the Postoffiee and demanded
an explanation. An investigation was
i at once begun, with the result that it
i was learned that the boxes were be
ing opened by somebody who was not
in the employ of the Government.
The police are inclined to believe that
I the thief is an ex-convict who was con
i victed of a similar offense a number of
1 years ago and sent to San Quentin. He
was released only a short time ago and
since then, it is said, he has been seen
I in this city.
Last night the officers of the Central
! and Southern police stations were in
structed to keeo a sharp lookout for
the "letter box" pilferer." They were
told to watch the boxes and to arrest
anybody whom they saw attempting to
| open them.
Several nights ago a citizen who lives
in the vicinity of Haight and Gough
streets saw a well-dressed man in the
act of opening a letter box near by.
Suspecting that he intended to rifle it
of its contents he crossed over to wh^re
he was standing, intending to ascertain
what he was doing. Seeing him ap
proaching, the stranger took to his
heels and dlsar .■: a red up Haight street.
His description of the man answers
that of the ex -convict for whom the
police are looking.
Captain Wittman last night read a
description of the supposed thief to his
men, with instructions to arrest him
when seen.
SACRAMENTO POLICE COURTS.
Their Right to Exist Now Rests With
the Supreme Court.
The question as to whether or not the
city of Sacramento is entitled to the pos
session of a Police Court as a part of its
municipal government was argued at
length yesterday in the Supreme Court.
The question arose over the conviction of
Andrew Sparks for some misdemeanor
and his incarceration in the County Jail
on service of a six months' term of im
prisonment of the Sheriff. Elwood Bru
ner and S. R. Hart appeared for the peti
tioner, who sought relief by habeas cor
pus. Assistant District Attorney J. ChiMs
and A. A. de Llngue, City Attorney, rep
resented the Sheriff. Attorney Bruner
argued that Sacramento's city charter of
January 8, 1594, provided for a judicial
department invested in a police court.
The State constitution provides that a
court can only be established by a bill
passed through the Legislature, and un
der the constitution a charter is only
adopted by concurrent resolution of the
Legislature. The charter of the city in
question was adopted in this manner, and
the city's act in attempting to create a
Police, Court was therefore void.
It was claimed that the person acting
in this case as a Police Judge is really a
city Justice of the Peace, named by the
Mayor, to act as a Police Judge, and that
in the latter capacity he had jurisdiction
of the offense. To this Mr. Hruner re
plied that section 103 of the Code of Civil
Procedure, providing for a city Justice
of the Peace, is unconstitutional, because
the classification attempted to be made
does not conform to the general classifi
cation act of 1883, which classifies all
cities of the State according to their
population. In support of this two cases
of recent decision were cited. One was
that of Darcy vs. the Mayor of San Jose,
and the other was ex-parte Giambonini.
The representatives of the city of Sacra
mento set up the claim that if it should
be held that the provisions of the charter
be invalid, the old charter of 1863 must
then still exist.
If it should happen that the petitioner
be successful and his release be ordered
by the Supreme Court, the city of Sacra
mento will find itself in a peculiar posi
tion. Its criminal business will have to be
done by the township Justice of the
Peace until the city authorities can take
steps to have the next Legislature amend
its charter and remedy the defect. The
Supreme Justices took the matter under
advisement.
Estates in Probate.
The will of Isaac Lowonstein, who died
on February 25, was filed for probate yes
terday. The entire estate of the deceased,
which is valued at $25,000, Is bequeathed
to his widow. Lena Lowenstein. The es
tate of diaries J. Boskowitz is' be
queathed to the widow of the deceased,
Bianca Boskowitz, by the terms of a
will filed yesterday. The will of Michael
O'Brien, who died on the 3d Jnst.. was
also filed. An estate valued at $0000 Is be
queathed by the testator to his sister,
Kate O'Brien.
Abused His Brother-in-Law.
J. B. Held, living at 24 Bluxome street,
went homo in an Intoxicated condition
last night and proceeded to abuse, his
brother-in-law. John Maloney. After be
ing ejected, he picked up several stones
and threw them at the side of the house.
Maloney rushed out, and seizing his ob
durate brother-in-law struck him on the
head with a club, inflicting a scalp
wound. Held was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where his wound was dressed.
He was subsequently taken to the Clty
Prison and charged with battery-
Japs to Be Deported.
Immigration Commissioner North was
notified by the Commissioner-General of
Immigration yesterday that the depart
ment had dismissed the appeal in the
cases of the twenty-three Japanese whom
Commissioner North had ordered deport
ed shortly after their arrival on the City
of Peking on February 22. The Commis
sioner's finding that the Japs were con
tract laborers was approved by the de
partment, and they must go back to
Japan.
__ ADVERTISEMENTS. __ | _ -;■' ' ;" ir .
23 S2 88 82 22 28 »8g5553?58288885282825383 82 88 S3 88 88 88 '82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82' 82 82 82 82 82 SS 83 SS 83 83 82 83 83 83 83 83 88 B [a [ ;
„L .* v _.-  . ~^^ V " yy - 1
88 y^^ r ~^ S^^ New lots of the Bauer & Soloman stock s^jS^TjS^^ a
«' // \jffij$ } \s; and the Ji F el stock are being put on /^K^^^\v a
25 I 00m?m \ the sale tables as fast as room allows, # <\sWsMy^ \a J
?// lS^--"'B »1 Every day the scene is changed. If uou if jfflW\ \®%
05 II I^L^^''^-^ 1 came yesterday and were pleased you'll (I .7/I'. |! \\ II | ™
is \ / find new lines awaiting uour picking this \ \ \\ II % >
% \ W\^'# morning. Manu ladies come mornings. \A. ■••-■- VJ^J/ ?
ss f^^^ They nave a l3etter chance to pick and *^^p=--— *^^^ 1
S 'more time to choose. • 28
g — == I
i A Big Lot of Things for Baby on the Tables To-Day. |
LI BaUies' Silt Bonnets— a 50c Bonnet selling at 39c Babies' Long Skirts— a 50c Skirt 5e11ing: at. .... .'. . . . . 39c |
« BaDies' Sillt Bonnets— a 75c Bonnet selling at. . .• 48c BaDies 1 Long Skirts— a 75c Skirt selling at.-. . . ....... 50c «
I Mies' Silk Bonnets-a $1.00 Bonnet selling at 69c Long Skirts — a $1.00 m Puflliffii^ 3 *
2S pahipc' Qfiir Rnnnpk atl 9^ Pnnnpt ipllinjr at 7Rr UoDIES Long oKITIS— a *I.OU oKin Sulllllg d 1... &I.UU !: ,
« haoies biiK Bonneis— a ji.zd eonnei seiiing ai /ac R M , T r tc_a <ci 7s Qwrt cpiiinrr at ji or * !
85 Trips' <Jillf RnnnPh a <C 1 W Rnnnpt cpllinn- at oq« Ddl ICb LUlig bKHib — dJI.fD oJLII I aGllliia, dl }l.£d jj
c- Uauies bllK UUlllieia— 3 oI.OU KOnact seillilg dl obC n^i^ r nno- a <i;o en Wirt at : W *»n *•
S3 BaDies Silk Bonnets- $2.00 Bonnet selling at . . $ .25 Bat! j es > Long skirts— $3 50 Skirt selling at " $2ioo a
a BaDies' Long Cream Cashmere Coats — a $1.50 Coat selling at $1.00 Ladies' Muslin Drawers — 35c Drawers selling at.... ..". 19c 2
a BaDies 1 Long Cream Cashmere Coats — a $1.75 Coat selling at. $1.25 Ladies' Muslin Drawers — 50c Drawers selling at 39c £
S3 BaDies' Long Cream Cashmere Coats — a $2.50 Coat selling at. 51.50 Ladies' Muslin Drawers— 7sc Drawers selling at....... 48c a
g BaDies' Long Cream Cashmere Coats— a $3.00 Coat selling at $2.00 ; Boys' Blouse Waists— soc Waists selling at 39c |
§ BaDies' Long Cream Cashmere Coats— $5.00 Coat selling at. $3.50 Boys' Blouse Waists— Waists selling at..... :..... 48c 23
8s BaDies' Long SUds — a 40c SliD selling at ' 25c Boys' Blouse Waists— Waists selling at .% 69c 23
• s BaDies' Long Slips— a 50c Slip selling at 39c Ladies' Night Gowns— soc Gowns selling at 35c a
* Mm' Long Slips— a 75c Slip selling at 48c Ladies' Night Gowns— 7sc Gowns selling at 48c S
I BaDies' Long Slips— 85c Slip selling at , 59c i Ladies' Night Gowns— Bsc Gowns selling at 59c <%
ss = a
88 OI If? ]Vp\l/ AlVlVFl^ Carpentering work almost finished. Painters busily engaftsd. We've rushed the 23
\JU IV I^l- TT ,rt.nn !-../*.• fitting up day and ni^ht. Worked two forces. The daily crowds at the counters JJ
*^ ■ demand more room and more comforts and conveniences. No expense will be spared - a
*3 to make this San Francisco's most convenient shopping place. . *^
28 • _______________ 28
I HALE BROS., Inc., 937-939-941-943-945-947-94^ Market Street, g
2.<g2?282!2!2?2^?2g2g2 52?2g2^!2;2^82^;2?2^^5252^?2?2g2g2^!2g2^?;858582?2g2g25252g25282?2g2g2525282 82a
MEXICANS
DEMAND AN
INDEMNITY
Guano Taken From
Clipperton Must Be
Paid For.
The Isle in the Pacific
They Claim Belongs
to Them.
The Phosphate Company Is
Compelled to Suspend
Shipment.
$1,600,000 THE SUM ASKED
A Letter Is Received Stating the
Determination of the Gov
ernment.
The Mexican Government will at
tempt to compel the Oceanic Phosphate
| Company to pay an indemnity of $1,
500,000 for unlawfully shipping guano
! from Clipperton Island, in the Pa
cific Ocean. Although the Mexican
Government claims the ownership of
this island, and presumes to the right
to demand this indemnity for the for
eign encroachment upon its territory.
j the phosphate company is equally con
i vinced that it has as much right to the
island as the Mexicans.
The company ttrok passession of
Clipperton Island in 1885, and since that
time has been steadily shipping guano
to San Francisco and Honolulu, re
ceiving from $10 to $20 a ton for it. In
August of 1896 several shiploads were
sent from the island, the revenue from
the sale of which the Mexican Govern
ment claims.
A letter has been received, dated Febru
ary 12, from Mazatlan, by P. J. Hennlg,
the captain of the steamer Carlos, now
anchored at the Union Iron Works,
from a Spaniard, residing in Mazatlan,
which states that he is in possession of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f jk I/it. OUi JjH O
4rai Special Offer
'F§fr-t3^3^ ; ' To those who begin treatment before
y^fcio^SißKv April 2d, after which date his prices
must be increased. He GUARANTEES to cure every
case he accepts for the price quoted below, in-
cluding all medicines. •" :
Catarrh . . ... ............. . $20 i Rheumatism ....... . . . . . . .$2O 1 Piles .'.„.......... .$2O
Asthma ...... •....:.;•;.... .$l:5 ' Neuralgia -......■..........■.520 Fistula .$3O
Paralysis ,vn?rrv:V?r7..::..stio ; Consumption, first stage.s3o Rupture .....;.... — . — WO
Varicocle .......-....■......'.520 [ Skin Di5ea5e5..... ...;•.... 520 , I>ost ; Manh00d..... '..... ;..520
Diseases of W0men..;;.. 520 i Syphilis, first stage $30 I Stricture '.•.'....;..... ......530
If Incurable you, will be told so. thus saving you time and money. B '* ; .•
During the past : five months 3872 were examined and 1204 wero , rejected as Incurable. i a
MEN who are Nervous. Despondent. Diseased and •• Weak from -early Indiscretion and ; excess
In life readily restored by the Neutralizing System. v .. v »•.• .
DISK ASKS OF WOMEN treated by an entirely new and naimess method. •_'-
Those unable to call Inclose history and stamp for reply. ... -^
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE.
; Hours 10 to 12 A. si.. 2to 5 and 7tos v. M.: Sundays. 10 to 12 A. M. .
r DR. A. SOPER'S SANITARIUM, 524 TAYLOR W^mJssiSSi*.
TTl'bw Wf+tw> lvi miThi !W*wi T nin')iiii"i in 1 >t iiini<iiiiiiiiiii"i i I'm ii . mi if iiji'ini nii> ■*itiTrrnrfifTON»riifw^-jTSHW^HHmirrtfar'^T* : s-r ?r ■-.-•. * " *
authentic information to the effect that
the commandant of the Mexican war
ship Democrata has received official
communication that the Government is
determined to compel the phosphate
company to pay the indemnity.
Captain Hennig is personally inter
ested in the dispute between the phos
phate company and the Mexican Gov
ernment, inasmuch as he collected
100,000 feet of timber during his
stay in Clipperton last year from the
old wreck of the Kincora, which
foundered upon the island soon after
his arrival in August. 1897.
This lumber, which he values at about
$3000. he claims belongs to him; but the
Mexicans dispute his right to it, and if
they succeed in proving that the island
belongs to them his claim to the lumber
will be ignored and it will be sold or
disposed of as the Government sees fit.
Hennig says that the island of Clip
perton is out of Mexican waters, it be
ing situated about 650 miles from Aca
pulco, and that it is therefore entirely
beyond the jurisdiction of the Mexican
Government.
While this dispute of rightful owner
ship is in progress the phosphate com
pany will be prohibited from making j
further shipment of guano from the isl
and and will have to keep entirely aloof
from it. This discontinuance of ship
ping will mean the isolation of Fred
Gussman. the man placed in charge of
the island, who has absolutely no facili
ties for getting back to civilization. He
has repeatedly pleaded with the com
pany to send for him, but owing to the
fact that it will necessitate the hiring
and equipment of a vessel they have
refused to do so unless Gussman ad
vances the $600. the amount necessary
to send the relief.
Although there is no danger of the
man starving, there being plenty of
game on the island, there is not a
human being besides himself on the en
tire coral reef of Clipperton. From all
apparent indications Gussman is
doomed to experience the hardships of
a second Crusoe.
Phrenological Lectures.
A series of six lectures on soul, phrenol
ogy and health will be given in Metropol
itan Temple by Mrs. O. S. Fowler, widow
of the late Professor O. S. Fowler, com
mencing on Monday, March 14, and con
cluding on Saturday. March 19. The sub
ject for Monday evening will be "Spirit,
Soul and Phrenology," and will be open
to the general public. Tuesday and
Wednesday are set apart for ladies ex
clusively, and Friday's lecture will be for
men only. At the conclusion of the lec
ture course Mrs. Fowler will open classes
in the application of electricity to cure
disease.
Charged With Burglary.
Frank Lagen. aged 16. was arrested on
Kearny street last evening by Officer L.
J. Deeley and charged with burglary. E.
H. Oltman, a tailor, is the complaining
witness. He charges Lagen with entering
his place at Third and Minna streets and
removing articles of value. When
searched at the prison a pistol, a pair
of silver cuff buttons with Oltman's mon
ogram on them, a chain and a scarfpin
were found. I,agen denied being a burg
lar, but says he went to Oltman's place
for the purpose of returning some silver
goods belonging to Oltman's partner.
3-Day Specials !
fel^lbj COFFEE POTS.
\\ F*^££!aSi?Ta' Prices cut
\\,k tfMffig™ 'ff ■ - From To
\ 5 -«Spfc«iaff- 2pinu ....SI 10 80
\ i flaftK^? ■ • 3 pints'.... 120 ■: JO
si^?i£BgZi' 4 pints .... 1 23 L ■£,
' <£gT£rD22?3 5 pints 1 35 *l Wj
- 7 pints .... ICO Ila
~ 9 pints .... 175 135
These are beautiful nickel-
plated Coffee Pots, requiring less
coffee than any others, and are
the only ones made on strictly
: scientific principles.
CLARET, gallon - - - - 40c
Delicious . and pure and as good as
anybody wants.
Regular price 75c.
OLIVES, qt. jar - - - - 20c
Choice. California, ripe black olives.
Regular price 35c.
APRICOTS, Evaporated, 3 lbs 25c
This is an extra choice lot; fine flavor.
Regular price 15c a lb.-
COCKTAILS, qt. bot. - 75c
To close out. a broken assortment of
. Fletcher's brand. •-' .- ■
Regular price $1 25.
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 6522. I Telephone West 152.
000000000000000000
o • o
o n' n
•° A HIGHLY POLISHED QUARTER- .3
° SAWED OAK ROCKER, WITH _„ o
° CANE BOTTOM, IS WHAT... 3>1./3 o
° WILL BUY NEXT WEEK AT o
I J. NOONAN, •
O 1017 to 1023 MISSION STREET. Q
O 516 to 532 MINNA STREET, "
a Above Sixth. "
. Cash or Little-at-a-Tim« Payments. . O
? Phone South 14. Open Evenings. ©■
0,-.;. ■.. :'. ;-.-• •; . . .- . : V-. -• A;.-- o
000 000000 000000000
SALE OF INDIAN BASKETS.
The studio of, Appiled Arts. 701 Sutter St., ia
having a sale of -lire-etched; wood and leather
preparatory to moving to 324 Sutter '.March is!'
B^^ DR; HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
Mff**S» •-Tive. hundred reward for any ca«»
awl'; BSE ive cannot cure.. This secret remedy
SDR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOB
F.ve hundred reward for any r* 39
re cannot cure. This secret remedy
stops all losses In 2-4 hours, cures
tt£% ESI Emissions. Impoter.cy Varleocele
flfn POT gonorrhoea, O1;et - Fits, Strictures!
fmim SMt *' oat Manhood and all wasting el?-
«H_M2 fectsor^self-abjsuor excesses. Sent
Ki!Sßl!Eir« Fea!ftt-s2.bottle;>3 bottles,' $5- euar
anteed to cure. Address HAL.I/S MEDICAL IV-V
BTITUTE. 855 Broadway. , Qakland. Cal Also V
for Bale . at 1073% Market > St.. S. F. All prt- *
vate diseases quickly cured. Send' for free book.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
COO MAKKET ;»;bT;;; OPP PALAi
Valencia tUMt. Ttlwtooil* "Cburcb' " 3k