■^r-. : — V —
VOLUME LXXXIV.— 7:5.
OUR WAR WITH SPAIN
WILL TERMINATE TO-DAY
€AMBON
TO SIGN THE
PROTOCOL
It Has Beer) F° rma! ly Ap
proved by the Spanish
Cabinet.
Proclamation to Be Immediately
Issued for the Suspension of
Hostilities. •
NEW YORK, Aug. n.— The Herald's Washington corre
spondent sends the following: It's all over. Hostilities in the
.Spanish-American war will end to-morrow, when Secretary
Day and Embassador Cambon will attach their signatures to the
protocol already approved by the two countries, and an
armistice will be proclaimed by the people of the United States
and the Queen Regent of Spain, to endure until the final treaty
of peace is signed.
Embassador Camdon received a cablegram late this even
ing announcing Spain's approval of the protocol and directing
him as the diplomatic representative of Spain to attach his sig
, nature to the instrument. The ceremony of signing it will take
place in the diplomatic reception-room at the State Department
to-morrow morning-.
In addition to making public the terms of the protocol the
'President will immediately issue a formal proclamation setting
; -forth that, whereas Spain has accepted the terms of the peace
;. /negotiations proposed by the # United States, all military and
: ; : naval commanders are directed to suspend further operations
against Spain pending the work of the peace commissioners.
This armistice has already been prepared, thus furnishing
• another evidence of the accuracy of the Herald's exclusive an
. .ncuncement of two days ago that Spain's reply was satisfac
-.- ton-, and that the war was at an end.
Although it has not been doubted for a moment since Em
■. bassador Cambon's call at the White House on Tuesday that
. . peace was certain, there was a feeling of relief among the offi-
: :cials of the administration to-night when word was received
: that Spain had authorized Embassador Cambon to sign the
. protocol. The authorities are all congratulating each other on
' the successful outcome of the peace negotiations, and particu
. larly upon the wonderful success of the American army and
. navy which has brought about this result.
The next step after signing the protocol and the issuance
 of the proclamation of the President announcing an armistice
will be the appointment of five commissioners by each of the
two countries. It is definitely known that Secretary Day will
• bead the American commissioners, and that the Minister of For
.. eign Affairs of Spain will head the Spanish commissioners. The
selection of the other American commissioners will be from
' among those whose names have already appeared in these dis
. patches. It is probable that the commissioners will not be an
•: riounced before Monday.
While Paris will be the first meeting place of the commis
, sion, it is not improbable that it may go to the Philippines.
The expectation is that it will conclude its work about
November I, and that an extra session of the Senate and the
; ' Spanish Cortes will be called to ratify the work of the commis
.-... sioners. *
•";.."':. After the protocol is signed to-morrow morning the full
■• text will be given out for publication. It is comparatively brief,
■'.' considering the importance of the document, comprising less
than eight hundred words. I was told by a State Department
! official to-night who assisted in drafting it that it does not con
■ ' tain a single new feature that has not been fully covered by the
Herald. It is not the intention at present to make public the
. notes that have been exchanged between the two countries.
APPROVAL IS QUICKLY
GIVEN BY THE CABINET
■ . MADRID, Aug. 11 .—The Government
has received th<- protocol, and the Cabi
n.et council rose at 9:40 p. m., -having
■ approved it. The Go>ernmcr.t will wire
M. Cambon to-night empowering him
to sign the prc-liminar^a of peace.
: i The day has been diplomatically one
of the busiest since the outbreak of
. the war. There have been no fewer
than two Cabinet councis, in addition
. to various diplomatic cor.f er e,, ceK .
Though the text of the protocol was
.not received until the evening was well
advanced, the Governmeit had been
made fully acquainted with its contents
through Paris.
"the matter was practically settled at
: the Cabinet meeting this afternoon, and
■the receipt of the actual locurncr.t.
therefore, only required a rreetinw of
. the Cabinet for a formal acceptance.
Ministers adhere to the s ar.ement
. thst the protocol contains no aodillca
The San Francisco Call
tlon of the original terms, but only new
suggestions.
They expect it will be signed at
Washington to-morrow (Friday), and
that a suspension of hostilities will be
announced.
Duke Almodovar de Rio, Minister of
Foreign Affairs, assured the corre
spondent of the Associated Press that
the negotiations for the peace treaty
will take place in Paris, but he says
the commissioners have not yet been
appointed.
The terms of the protocol will not be
published until the instrument has been
signed.
UNCLE SAM CHARGED
WITH BEING SEVERE
Rpecial Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MADRID, Aug. 11.— This afternoon I
had a conversation with a politician
and one of the best friends of peace In
BAN ERANCISCO, FRIDAY, AUGUST 12, 1898.
THE AFFAIR AT CAPE SAN JUAN.
On the Right Center of the Picture Is Shown the Lighthouse. Near the Extremity of the Headland, Held by Forty American Sailors. To the Left,
300 Yards Distant, Is the Force of 800 Spaniards Firing With Machine Guns and Mausers. In Right and Left Foreground Are the Moni
tor Aroprjitrlte and Cruiser Cincinnati, Which Have Just Begun to Use Their Large QuicK-Firing Guns. purtrjer in Within 100 Yards of
the Beach Is the Tug Leyden Pouring Y\<zr One Pound Shells Into the Energy. Boats From the Larger Ships Are Speeding to the Shore
Laden With Reinforcements.
Spain. He said: "I fear the United
States are about to impose terribly se
vere and harsh terms upon Spain.
Every one in Spain wants peace, and
I don't believe any minister exists
strong enough to prolong the war, but
if the United States makes things bo
harsh as to utterly break Spain there
Is every possibility of a war of despair,
and it would be well that the United
States take this into consideration."
My informant, who is mentioned as
a possible member of the peace com
mission, said on this subject:
"Under the present conditions I
would not Join it if the appointment
were offered me. What does the com
mission mean? Nothing at all."
In another high official quarter I
found a sentiment prevailing that the
United States is pushing a very hard
bargain, and that if the Philippines
matter is made so, too. international
complications may follow.
According to the best authority of
fers of positions on the peace commis
sion will be made to Senors Moret,
Leon y Castillo, Merry del Val Almodo
var and Bernabe.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MILES
TO CEASE HOSTILITIES
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald tel
egraphs: As stated exclusively In the
Herald this morning, an order had been
prepared Instructing General Miles to
cease hostilities In Porto Rico. The
authorities were on the eve of sending
this order, a3 I am informed, but for
some reason did not do so. The text
of the order is of course withheld, but
I can confidently state that the admin
istration felt fully assured peace would
result from the present negotiations
and the intention of the President was
to inform General Miles.
Furthermore, Secretary Alger had
definitely determined to direct General
Miles to suspend hostilities and inform
the Spanish commander of his decision.
Had negotiations been ripe enough
this cable would have gone to General
Miles last night, but it is quite certain
from the activity to-day of the troops
in Porto liico that the dispatch did
not go. In fact, it can be almost cer
tainly stated It did not go. But the
moment the protocol will have been
signed a dispatch of this tenor will be
sent to General Miles.
Should the peace negotiations pro
gress as rapidly as they have prom
ised to during the past few days, it
Is not likely General Miles will be able
to forcibly occupy San Juan before the
signing of the protocol. In fact. It
looks as if the order to cease will be
sent to him before to-morrow night.
I can confidently state that no such
order was even prepared for General
Merritt, but it is not improbable that
it will be duplicated to him should the
protocol be signed to-morrow.
The city of Coamo, captured by Gen
eral Ernst's brl- ide, is about twenty
miles northeast of Ponce. This leaves
General Miles about sixty miles dis
tant from San Juan by the macada
mized road.
Sugar Imports for July.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 11.— The advance
statement of sugar imports, issued by the
JUiroau of Statistics, shows that the to
tal imports of dutiable sugar during July
were $5,249,070, as compared with ' 12.281,
287 for July, 1897. The amount of sugar
withdrawn for consumDtlon amounted
to $3,2i>6,545.
GENERAL GARCIA
NOW REPENTANT
Would Be Nearer to the
Commissary.
TARDY REPLY TO A LETTER
NOW WILLING TO SEND FIFTY
SCOUTS TO MILES.
Request Made by the General Over
Three Weeks Ago Acceded
To When It Is No
Longer Needed.
Speelni Cable to The Call and the New York
11. rnlil. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
SANTIAGO, Cuba, Aug. 11.— General
Garcia, who, in anger, because this
city after its surrender was not turned
over to the Cubans, severed relations
with the United States army and
withdrew his troops, indicates a de
sire to reconsider his determination, in
a letter that was received to-day by
General Shafter. The letter is dated at
Gibara, August 5. It is in response to
a request made by General Miles on
July 19, when he was planning his ex
pedition to Porto Rico, that General
Garcia detail fifty Cubans from his
army to accompany the expedition as
guides and scouts.
In his reply General Garcia said that
as he understood General Miles had
already sailed, he supposed it would
be too late to comply with the request.
He stated, however, that he was will
ing to furnish the fifty men if they
still were wanted, and inclosed an or
der for them. A Cuban courier who
arrived to-day from Manzanillo states
that General Rabi with 5000 insurgents
is now before the town.
Lieutenant Miiey of General Shaf
ter's staff will go to Baracoa to-mor
row to receive the surrender of the
Spanish garrison there. He will go
alone on the steamer San Juan.
ATTACK ON MANILA
MAY HAVE COMMENCED
Monitor Monadnock, Which General
Merritt Awaited, Is About Due
at Cavite.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 11.— Inas
much as it haß been reported from Ca
vito that General Merritt was simply
awaiting the arrival there of the double
turre'ted monitor Monodnoek, it is pre
sumed the attack on Manila will soon
follow, if it has not been made already,
for according to the calculation of the
Navy Department, the Monadnock Is
about due now at Cavite. While not
quite clear as to General Merrltt's pur
pose in deferring his attack until the
vessel arrives, it is the opinion of the
military officials that his plan is to plant
the two monitors, the Monterey and the
Monadnock, directly within range of the
Manila batteries, and if a demand for
surrender is refused, to batter down
these defenses. Only fully armored ves
sels can be fiafely employed on such
work, hence the delay on account of the
non-arrival of the Monadnock.
AT AIBONITO
THE FOE AWAITS
MILES' ADVANCE
Spaniards Assemble
in Force.
THEIR OUTPOSTS ATTACKED
BROOKLYN MEN IN A SHARP
SKIRMISH.
Fired Upon by the Enemy's Artil
lery, but Emerge From the Con
flict Without a Single
Casualty.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gor
don Bennett. *
COAMO, Porto Rico, Aug. 10, by Call-
Herald dispatch-boat to St. Thomas,
D. W. 1., Aug. 11.— General Miles'
troops are resting— all save the en
gineers, who are repairing bridges on
the roads between here and Aibonito,
which Is the next point to be attacked
and where the Spaniards are waiting
in strong force to check the advance
on San Juan. Scouts have been sent
far out from the main body to locate
roads and paths leading to Aibonito
and find whether any of the enemy's
soldiers are between General Miles'
camp and the city.
Troop C of Brooklyn on Tuesday
pushed forward to within three miles of
Aibonito. It was discovered by Span
ish outposts and were fired on by the
enemy's artillery, which is in fortifica
tions on a high hill that enables them
to cover the military road. Th» Amer
ican troopers replied to the n"iv\ but
they were too far away to be effective,
and had nothing but rifles. There was
a sharp skirmish with the Spanish out
posts. None of the Brooklyn soldiers
were wounded. Troop C now forms the
extreme advance of General Miles'
army.
Corporal Barnes, who was severely
wounded in the fighting at Coamo, is
now out of danger. The other men
who were wounded are doing 1 well.
SPANIARDS ROUTED
WITH HEAVY LOSS
WASHINGTON, Aug. 11.— The War
Department late this afternoon re
ceived the following message from Gen
eral Miles:
"PONCE, via Bermuda, Aug. 11.—
j Secretary of War, Washington: The
I following has been received from
i Schwan:
" 'CAMP, near Hormigueros, Aug. 10.
The advance guard, Including the cav
alry of. this command, while recon
noitering northwest of Rosario River,
near Hormigueros, developed a strong
Spanish force, which lay concealed in
the hills north of Mayagues. In a gen
eral engagement that followed Lieu
tenant Byron, Eighth Cavalry, my
aid-de-camp, was wounded in the
foot, and Private Fernberger, Company
D, Eleventh Infantry, and one other
private, were killed. Fourteen enlisted
men were wounded. It is reported
that the most, if not the entire Span
ish garrison of Mayagues and the sur
rounding country, consisting of 1000
regulars and 200 volunteers, took part
in the engagement. We drove the en
emy from his position and, it is be
lieved, inflicted a heavy loss. A wound
ed Spanish lieutenant was found in the
field and brought into our lines. The
conduct of officers and men was be
yond all praise. I propose to continue
my march on Mayagues at an early
hour to-morrow.' MILES."
WASHINGTON, Aug. 12. —At 1
o'clock this morning the War Depart
ment posted the following:
"PONCE, Aug. 11. IS9B.
"Secretary of War, Washington —
Following from Schwan:
" 'Immediately after reputse yester
day Spanish troops, joined by what
were left in Mayaguez. moved in di
rection of Lares. Have sent scouts in
that direction. My command entered
Mayaguez at 9 o'clock this morning. —
Schwan.' MILES."
AMERICANS WOUNDED
IN COAMO FIGHTS
WASHINGTON, Aug. 11.— The War
Department has received two dis
patches from General Miles under elate
of Ponce, August 10, as follows:
"Secretary of War, Washington: The
following is a list of the wounded of
the Sixteenth Pennsylvania, hurt in the
skirmish beyond Coarao, August
"Corporal Barnes, Company E. !eft
side; Private C. C. Frank, Company C,
right side; Private George Whitlock,
Company C, right side; Private L.. S.
Bold, Company E, right elbow; Private
E. V. Jolly, Company F, left -arm.
"MH.E3."
"Secretary of War, Washington:
Have established telographic commun
ication with General Brooke, who re
ports that in a skirmish on the Bth
with the enemy, about three miles
north of Guayama, General Gain's
compelled the enemy to retreat. The
following men of the Sixth Ohio wtre
wounded, none being killed:
"Captain Edward Thompson, Com
pany X, in right breast; Private Sam
uel J. Jones, in ri?ht knee: Private No
ble W. Haniaker, Company C, in ankle;
Lieutenant Harry A. Haines. Company
C, in right foot; Private William J~d
dington, Company A, in right hip.
''MILES."
TRANSPORTS EN ROUTE
BACK FROM MANILA
Consul Wildman Gives Adjutant
General Corbin the Dates of
Their Departure.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 11.— The following
was received at the State Department to
night: «
"Consulate of the united States,
"Hongkong. Aug. 11.
"To Moore, Washington: Inform Gen
eral Corbin that steamship City of Sydney
left Nagasaki on July 27, the Australia
left on the 29th and the Peking on August
6, all direct for San Francisco without
stop. WILDMAN."
Yesterday Secretary Alger cabled to
Merritt asking when the transports sent
to Manila would return, and this reply of
Consul General Wildman Rives the infor
mation desired. It is expected they will
reach San Francisco about the 17th.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
GREAT BRITAIN
AND RUSSIA ON
BRINK OF WAR
Czar Again Scores in
China.
TSUNG L! YAMEN WON OVER
PEKING-HANKAU CONTRACT TO
BE RATIFIED.
Despite Great Britain's Protest AH
Conditions Demanded by the
Russian Charge d'Affaires
Will Be Met. j Jjj
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SHANGHAI, Aug. 12.— A dis
patch from Peking dated to-day
says that an imperial edict has
finally issued, sanctioning the
Belgian- loan for the construc
tion of the railway line from Pe
king to Hankau, despite the pro
tests of Sir Claude Macdonald,
the British Minister.
LONDON, Aug. 11.— In the House of
Commons to-day Mr. A. J. Balfour,
first lord of the treasury and Govern
ment leader, admitted that the state
ments in the Peking dispatch to the
London Times to-day were substan
tially correct, and said that the matter
was "engaging the serious attention t-t
the Government." This statement wa»
received with cheers. The correspond
ent of the Times cabled that the Tsung
Li Yamen had given formal assent to
all the conditions demanded by the
Russian Charge d'Affaires regarding
the contract for the Niu Chang Rail
road extension loan, these conditions
being in direct conflict with the terms
of the signed contract and designed
as a blow at British concessions.
The Peking correspondent of the
Times says: "Baron de Vinck, the
Belgian Minister, yesterday sent a dis
patch to the Tsung Li Yamen, assert
ing that M. Pavloff, the Russian Charge
d' Affaires, and M. Gerard, the French
Minister, had joined him in urging the
Tsung Li Yamen to disregard the at
tempt of the British Minister, Sir
Claud Macdonald, to prevent the rati
fication of the Peking-Hankau con
tract.
"It is confidently asserted that, de
spite the British endeavor to obtain a
revision of the contract, an imperial de
cree will issue forthwith for its rati
fication. The unfriendly role of he
Belgian Minister throughout merits the
strongest condemnation."
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. IL— CFoU2
(owing the footsteps of the NovostJ the
Novoe Vremya to-day eulogized the
felarquis of Salisbury for the "wisdom
with which be keeps in chuck the Rus
sophobe outbursts of members of )>;s
party and the prudence with which he
endeavors to obviate all pretext for a
misunderstanding between Great Brit
ain and Russia."
Btinulng, the Novoe Vremya pays
it observes that "unfortunately more
than half the British public share Mr.
Chamberlain's views."
But the Russian paper cannot under
■iy the Russophobes are ap
prehensive of the Russians at Port
Arthur."
The tfbvoe Vremya then remarks:
•"The results of the cession to Russia
of Port Arthur and Tallen Wan will
not .show themselves for some time to
tome. A considerable period must
elapse before these ports can serve the
purpose for which they were intended
by the Russian foreign policy— that of
■providing a permanent outlet in the
Pacific Ocean. Quite otherwise is Rus
sia's position on the Indian frontier,
where everything has been long organ
ized for military action if some ex
treme excess of ill will upon the part
reat Britain should drive Russia
ti6 Jsiidti action."
FRENCH PRES? SAYS
WAR IS IMMINENT
' PARIS, Aug. 11.— The papers were
full of pigniflcanee "l" the Chinese ques
tion. The Matin says: "In China the
gTte'alest same in the world is being
■ played, and French intervention should
he efljeacious and decisive."
The Soir lias a sensational article
■ headed: "War between England and
Russia Imminent."
The Journal dcs Debats says: "Eng
land is now seeking an arrangement
With Russia. Thai understanding is
Impossible unless Russia remains mis
tr. ss >>f the North and England is in
: h.-r iniiuer.ee on the Yangtse
River. In short, the lines of the sec
tion are beginning to be marked .
which the disruption would occur.
whem ver China falls to pieces. Clear
[ther Frarcc Germany nor Japan
could hold aloof from such an agree
ment,."
The article hints that France would
support Russia in the event of war. and
saj s in conclusion:
"France wiil be content with the
southern provinces bordering on Tuii
quin."
SALISBURY ASSAILED
BY LONDON PAPERS
LONDON, Aug. 1!.— All the morning
rs, including the supporters of the
Government, attack Lord Salisbury
for weakness in dealing with the Chi
nese question.
■ The Daily Chronicle says: "What is
the result nobody can say. There
is room for the gloomiest forebodings.
the country realize that for want
ittle foresight and firmness Great
Britain may ere long be plunged L. i
a colossal war? Such, without the
least doubt "i- exaggeration-, is the ap
palling possibility."
. The Daily Mail says: "The door is
!. The proudly boasted British
lion does not exist in the Yangtse
It is a mistake; and looking
•to ' v. hat Lord Salisbury has done in
EsTPt. hi^ failure in China is inex
plical
■ The Standard says: "These repeated
humiliations are becoming intolera
ble."
FORECLOSURE OF
CENTRAL PACIFIC
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— A special to |
the Sun from Washington says.: "I am '
preparing a bill," the Attorney General j
said to-day, "to foreclose the debt of '
the Central Pacific, and it is completed I
for the insertion of a few facts |
about which nobody seems to be cer
• tain. There are many things I have
discovered which seem to be necessary
in a complaint for the foreclosure of
a $64,000,000 debt that I find it difficult
! hold of. Nobody s.-enis to have
•any information on the subject.
".Unless there shall be soon an indi
cation of some substantial movement
•to meet the expectation of Congress in
the way of a proposition to extend the
the bill will be filed somewhere ,
.along the line of the property involved; I
just where : us not yet been settled."
The Attotn.-y General, replying to i
further questions, said that a letter had I
been received from the secretary of the i
railroad company asking when a meet
ing would be held of the board author
ize,; to carry out the proposed exten
sion of the debt, consisting of the At
torney General, Secretary of the Treas
ury and S , f the Interior. This,
-however, has created but little impres
sipn.
"We havo no proposition to make,"
said Mr. Griptrs, "and can make. none.
But whenever anybody empowered to
make irne v, ants to see us for the pur
pose of submitting it we will arrange a
• meeting all rigfct7'
REVOLUTION HEADED BY
MORALES SUPPRESSED
President Cabrera of Guatemala De
clares Peace Prevails in the
Republic.
• Special Cable to The Call and the New York
• ' Herald. Copyrighted, 18SS, by James Gor
dan Bennett.
. PANAMA, Colombia, Aug. 11.—Presi
dent Estrada Cabrera of Guatemala wires
to. The Call-Herald correspondent under
date. of August 10 as follows- •
'•The revolution headed by Morales is
over. and. he has been totally defeated.
Complete peace now prevails in Guate
. mala. ■■■....
...^.'ESTRADA CABRERA, President." '
Presidential Nominations.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 11.— President
to-day made the folowlng appointments:
T« be eurg-eons In the Marine Hospital *«>r
vice-Wosanh H. White, Stephen D, Brooks,
Eu»<>ne- Was.lin, -Arthur 11. Glenman, Cyrus T.
Vecitham. -- ■ ..• . .-■- .
-To be agents for Indians— Georse W. Hayslet
ot low. i. for the Navajo agency in New Mex
ico; Howell.P. Myton ot Indiana, for the Uin
tah *n<J Ouray agency in Utah; Nathan P.
Johnson ,'of South Dakota, for the San Carlos
•*renry In Arizona: Henry 1,, S. Paqkman of
Boirttt Daiiota, for th« Bißaeton agency In South
Dakota.
Suit to Obtain Mormon Island.
LOS'A.NGELES, Aug. 11.— The Terminal
Hallway Company began suit to-day In
the United States Court to obtain posses
sion of Mormon Island in San Pedro har
bt>r/ where the shipyards are now. located.
The claim is set up that the island was
included in the Spanish - grant to the
Dominguez family. The Banning Broth
ers have proved, up on the island as Gov
ernment land and have possession now.
• • _•—.• — . ,
Holly's Widow Applies for Letters.
BUTBUN, Aug. 11.— Mrs. Jenny Holly,
widow of the late B. C. Holly, the famous
\V< stern lurfman, has applied in the
Superior Court of Solano County for let
nrs of administration on the estate of
her deceased husband, which is valued at
JSOOO.
Furlough for Sick and Wounded.
Washington, auk. 11— a general
order has been Issued at the Adjutant
General's office granting one month's
furlough to the Kirk and wounded sol
diers and transportation to their homes.
BRAVERY OF THE
BANCROFT'S MEN
Do Heroic Work on Her
Steam Launch.
LOST A MAN TAKING A PRIZE
ATTACKED FROM THE SHORE
BY SPANIARDS.
Fierce Fighting on the South Coast
of Pinar del Rio, in Which the
Enemy Was Badly
Punished.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KEY "WEST, Aug. 11.— One more
name has been added to the small list
of tin- navy's war victims. Emanuel
Koulouria, a coal passer on the gun
boat Bancroft, was shot and instantly
killed during a sharp engager.. -nt with
Spanish riflemen at a point of land
jutting out into Cortis Bay, on the
south coast of Pinar del Rio, on August
2. It is not known how many Span
iards' lives paid for his, but the Span
ish loss was undoubtedly severe.
The Bancroft was cruising about Cor
tis Hay on blockade duty when a sail
was seen close to the land and about
ten miles to the northward. The gun
boat's steam launch was armed with a
. >under and .Lieutenant Henry B.
Wilson, with fourteen men, all carry
ing ritles, was sent in to intercept the
stranger. She turned put to be a Span
ish schooner. When fust observed the
Spaniard lay near the wreck of the
Santo I>omingo, recently sunk by the
Eagle. By the time the steam launch
reached that point the schooner had
worked into a port and a party .if
Spaniards, including a body of soldiers,
was attempting to haul her ashore.
The launch stood boldly In and a brisk
fire from her one-pounder speedily
scattered the crowd. The Spaniards
took refuge in high grass on the right
shore, but in spite of the fact that the
men in the launch were ignorant of the
enemy's strength the Americans went
ahead with their work with admirable
coolness.
James Munroe, a first-class appren
tice, swam to the schooner and made
a line fast to her In order to pull her
out. At the same time Valdemar
Hohengren, an ordinary seaman,
dropped over the side of the launch and
a pier, where a small sloop
■i boat was moored. The launch
then commenced to haul off the schoon
er, but the- line parted, and while an
other wa.; being run to her the Span
iards, who had sought shelter in the
woods, poured in a murderous ritle ftre.
Koulourie, who was leaning over the
side of the launch, was shot thr.o-ugh
the breast and fell dead. Furtunately
no one else was even injured.
Instantly the men in the launches be
gan a rapid return of the tire wi,th
their rities, while Lieutenant Wilson
maneuvered the launch so as to take a
line thrown by Hohengren from the
small boat, which he had shoved off
from the pier. Her bow was pulled out
and the one-pounder was opened on the
ambuscade with such a well directed
aim that the Spaniards were routed
without a chance to return the Ameri
can fire. The schooner had in the
meantime gone hard aground and be
ing so damaged as to be almost use
less enough shells were sent into her
to finish her destruction. She was load
ed with green corn, grain and rum.
Commander Clover warmly praised
the gallantry of the launch party, the
members of which did not falter under
heavy fire, but directed all Us energies
to rescuing Hohengren, who, alone on
the wharf, was in a perilous situation.
Koulourie was buried at sea the same
afternoon.
The next morning the Bancroft
started for Sigunea Bay. where the
gunboat Maple had gone to blockade
and sound out a passage. On August
4 Commander Clover, who was senior
officer there, transferred his flag to the
Maple while the Bancroft's boilers
were undergoing repairs. He took the
launch with him under Ensign Vogel
sang, still armed with her one-pounder.
They proceeded to the northwest ex
tremity of the Isle of Pines and there
naw a sloop and a large schooner
anchored in shore. The launch went in
after them, but as soon as she was ob
served approaching the crew of the
Spanish vessel took to their small
boats. The sloop was aground and to
ward this vessel Ensign Vogelsang
headed the launch. As the latter drew
near to the sloor> a party of Spaniards
on shore opened fire on the Americans.
Then the launch's one-pounder again
opened on the enemy, but before she
bad rired many shells the Maple opened
with her six-pounder ai:d swept the
brush-lined beach. While the dense
foliage aphorp gave the enemy a de
cided advantage no Americans were
hit, but it is safe to say that undor
the Maple' 3 heavy fire a large number
of Spaniards were killed or wounded.
The sloop turned out to be a trading
vessel with no cargo on board and not
worth the trouble of sending to an
American port. A few shots from the
Maple put her under water.
The schooner, however, proved to bf>
of value. She was the Carmita, loaded
with wood and charcoal. She was
hauled out and anchored until the next
morning, when the Maple, towing the
schooner and launch, resumed her jour
ney to Sigunea Bay.
HOW THE TOWN OF
COAMO WAS TAKEN
WASHINGTON, Aug. 11.— The War
Department late to-day gave out the
following delayed telegram:
"PONCE, Aug. 9.— Secretary of War,
Washington: The following was re
ceived from General Wilson: General
Ernst's brigade captured Coamo at 8: HO
thin morning. The Sixteenth Pennsyl
vania, Colonel Rulings commanding,
led by Lieutenant Colonel Biddle of my
staff.* having made a turning movement
through the mountains, striking the Ai
bonlto road a half mile beyond the
town, captured the entire garrison of
Coamo, about 150 men. ' The Spanish
commander, Illeroa, and Captain Lopez
were killed. Our loss is reported as six
wounded, only one severely. The men
and officers behaved excellently. Col
onel Hulings and Colonel Biddle arc
especially commended. This is a very
important capture and well executed.
Names of the wounded as soon as re
ceived here."
Would Stay the Bombardment.
LONDON, Aug. 12.— The Hongkong
correspondent of the Daily Mail says:
"Senor Navarro, the Spanish Consul,
has engaged a Steamer to take him to
Manila' immediately upon the conclu
sion of peace, in the hope of saving the
city from bombardment."
Diego de Vivo Dead.
NEW YORK. Aug. 11.— DioRo de Vivo,
one of the beat known Impressarlos In the
rutted States, died at hie home in this
city to-day from paralysis. He was
stricken on Saturday morning last, and
never rallied.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 12, 1808.
PLANNING FORMS
OF GOVERNMENT
New Possessions Under
Consideration.
PORTO RICO AN EASY TASK
BUT CUBA REQUIRES SERIOUS
THOUGHT.
President and Cabinet Carefully Dis
cuss the Situation — Many Com
plex Questions to Be
Handled.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 11.— Plans for
the temporary government of Cuba and
the territory which will be acquired
from Spain as a result of the war are
now under serious consideration by the
President and members of the Cabinet.
Porto Rico, as an actual acquisition to
the territory of the United states, will
be placed in charge of a military gov
ernor \\h> will exercise a supervisory
control of all the functi overn
ment, under the direction of the Pres
ident, until Congress shall determine
upon a permanent form of government
for the island. The President under
the constitution has no authority to no
beyond this preliminary or temporary
stage of the establishment of any sys
tem of governmental control, ami. al
though it is altogether probable that in
his message to Congress on the sub
ject h<_- will exercise his constitutional
privilege of making recommendations,
upon Congress alone will devolve the
responsibility and duty of determining
the character of the political relations
which Porto Rico shall permanently
bear to the United States.
There are reasons why the President
himself favors a colonial form of gov
ernment,'-, and this, view is shared
by members of the Cabinet. Canada
is noted as being a model colonial Gov
ernment, satisfactorily alike to the
majority of its people and to the
■mother country. This system, how
ever, it fa believed, can be put into ope
ration only after the lapse of a con
siderable period, and after the people
have demonstrated satisfactorily their
ability to govern themselves intelli
gently in all local matters.
Upon the evacuation of Cuba it is
believed to be the intention of the Pres
ident, to establish for the whole island
a temporary military government, sim
ilar to that now in operation at San
tiago. When order has been fully re
stored' and the people have, settled
down to their peaceful occupations, it
is Iteved to be the view of the Pres
ident that a convention of the repre
sentatives of the people should be sailed
to vote on the question of a form of
government for the island. The pres
ence of the army of. the United States
would be a guarantee that every citi
zen who would subscribe to an oath,
hi. ing himself to support whatever
form of government that would be de
cided upon, should have the unques
tionable right to vote for whoever he
pleases to. represent him at. this . con
vention. .The action! of : , this,, body
would', however, have to be submitted
to the United States for approval or
disapproval. .
It is pointed out that this convention
of representatives of the whole people
in the free exercise of their choice
might express a wish to become a co
lonial dependency of- the United States,
or might favor a republican form of
government, or possibly a majority
might ask to be annexed to the United
States. . In any of these' contlngi
it is .believed that their wjsh would
meet the approval of the President. and
his advisers. ' * .*;
GENERAL LAWTON MADE
MILITARY GOVERNOR
Will Be in Charge of the Province
. and General Wood of the City
of Santiago.
SANTIAGO, Aug. 11.— Major General
Henry W. Luwton, U. B. V.. has boon ap
pointed military governor of the depart
ment at Santiago, and Brigadier General
Leonard Wood, U. S. v., has been re
quested to remain as 'governor of the
city of Santiago under General Lawton.
General Ezra Ewers has been appointed
governor of the city of Guantanamo.
The civil government hag . been abol
ished. The' Washington authorities ca
bled this morning to retain only such
officials as are necessary" for good govern
ment. General Ros and his staff will not
be retained. The police force has been
reduced to fifty men, and these fire re
tained only on account of their language
and their local knowledge. The Custom
Heusa force of officials has been reduced
one-half. The authorities will keep in
ofilce those in charge of the schools. - Re
ligion la not to be Interfered with.
The transports Manteo' and Berkshire
north to-day with theTwenty-lirstand
the balance of the Seventy-first regiments,
thus completing the embarkation of the
first division. The embarkation of tho
second division will begin to-morrow.
THREE MORE DEATHS
FROM TYPHOID FEVER
Total of Ten Within Sixty Hours in
the General Hospital at
Atlanta.
ATLANTA, Ga., Aug. 11.— Three en
listed men died to-day of typhoid fever at
the general hospital at MrPhtrson, mak
ing a total of ten deaths from this dis
ease in sixty hours. To-day's dead are:
Private E. L. Miller, Company A,
Four') i Pennsylvania,
Private Robert Vaughn, Company M,
Nineteenth Infantry.
Private Daniel Fisher, Troop M, Second
United States Cavalry.
Fifty "f the HHJ cas.-.s of typhoid fever
under treatment are in a serious condi
tion.
Want the Sheep Tax Begulated.
MARYS VILLE. Aug. 11.— At a gather-
Ing of the sheep men of this section in
this city it was decided to hold a meet
ing in Marysville on Saturday, October
15 at Which time steps will be taken
looking toward the regulation by legisla
tive enactment of the sheep tax which
the Boards of Supervisors of several
counties north of hero have been levying
at will and to suit their fancy.
Michael Defeats Titus.
BALTIMORE, Ml ■ Auk- 11.— After three
postponemi ■ -sitatod by the ele
ments, Jimmy Michael, the little Welsh
champion, and Fred Titus of New York
met in-night at tho Cottsaeuna in their
fifteen-mile paced bicycle race. Michael
won easily by about 700 yards.
Drowned in a Well Near No^ato.
SAN RAFAEL, Auk. 11.— Willie, the
five-year-old son of Frank Maass, fell into
a well ;.t Black Point, near Novato, and
was drowned before hcln could reach him.
An inquest was hold ann a verdict render
ed of accidental death.
Lieutenant Eliot Dead.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 11.— The following
dispatch has been received from General
Shafter:
SANTIAGO, Aug. 11.— Lieutenant William OK,
Eliot. Twelfth Infantry, died here at 3 o'clock
this morning. BHAFTEH.
WHAT IT COST
TO WHIP SPAIN
Uncle Sam'l Must Pay
for His Fun.
NEARLY A MILLION A DAY
EXPENDITURES WILL NOT END
WITH PEACE.
For Some Time to Come the Ameri
can Army and Navy Must Be
Maintained on Their
Present Footing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Peace
Is now assured and Uncle Sam, who, in
equipping fleets and armies, and send
ing- them against the foe, has plunged
his hands deep into his strong box,
spending money without stint, can sit
down and figure out what it h;^ all
cost. It may be many months before
the money cost of the war will be fig
ured up even approximately. Should
the army and navy be reduced to :i
peace footing to-morrow, there would
still be many millions paid out for odds
and ends of all kinds and on contracts
which have been entered into.
But the army and navy cannot yet be
reduced. Both must be kept on a Avar
footing until the finaJ treaty of peace
has been ratified and until means are
provided for maintaining order in Cuba,
Porto Rico and the Philippines. All
this means that expenditures are still
to go on for many months at almost
the same rate as if actual hostilities
were in progress.
Only a rough estimate can be made
of the amount of money that the war
has cost up to the present time. Actual
payments made up to date on account
of the war, as nearly as they can be
estimated by treasury officials, foot up
about $U5. 000,000. Of the total expendi
tures thus far about $61,000,000 has been
paid out on account of the army, and
about $34,000,000 on account of the navy.
As the war has existed since April 21,
or 113 days, the average daily expendi
ture a have been about $840,700.
During the month of July the average
war expenditures were about $1,000,000
a Say, and this average is being kept
up during August.
When the total coat of the war crimes
to be figured up and divided by the
number of days hostilities were actual
ly in progress it is probable the r.sult
will show the daily cost has been fully
$1,500,000.
TRADES PLANNED
BY GAGE'S MEN
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 11.— There was
a noticeable scarcity of petty politi
cians in and about the Hollenbeck. the
Hatters of Henry T. Ga^e, to-day.
Many of them had returned to their
respective districts fully instructed re
. ;,h. selection of delegates to be
voted far at the primaries to be held
throughout the county next Monday,
and there is no doubt about the carry
ing out of the programme as pre] ared
by the managers of the local candidate
for <;nvniior. The interest o-f every
other candidate for office is being: made
ndary consideration, and the plan
of the Gage forces is to make any com
bination possible to insure his nomina
tion at Sacramento.
Trades are freely spoken of by men
who arc ctede to the aspirant for gu
bernatorial honors, and some are bold
enough to assert that if £.ou Brown
will keep out of the light for Governor
he can have the vote of the Gage forces
for a renomi nation for Secretary of
Realizing the weakness of the ticket
headed by a man from the south, they
are looking toward San Francisco for
help. Tirey L. Ford has been sug
i as the most available candidate
to strengthen the ticket, and the Gage
d- legates will be for Ford if he can be
Induced to throw his strength in the
ntion in the right direction.
The Young Business Men's Republi
can Chub of this city opened the cam
paign to-night by giving a reception to
the various Republican candidates, and
Music Hall was crowded to overflowing
by enthusiastic Republicans. Frank
Davis presided and addresses were de
livered by Truman Reeves of San
Bernardino, Judge Work and State
Superintendent Of Public Instruction S.
T. Black.
STOCKTON DOWNS BUDD MEN.
Harbor Commission Employes Shut
Out by the Democracy.
STOCKTON, Aug. 11.— As predicted
l.'sr nitfht the Democrats of the First
Ward of Stockton at the primary elec
tion this evening defeated the two em
ployes of the Harbor Commission, James
Byrnfts and John Fox, who came up here
with one another to get into the county
convention as helpers in the administra
tion end of the contest. De Pangher was
beaten out at the preliminary meeting
lasl night, and when two of the San
li uihihco men pot in then the boys, who
:iic solidly for Maguire, declared they
would do up the outsiders to-day, and
they did. The winners say they will send
Magulre delegates to the State conven
tion. Two local men who were believed
to be with the Budd men from the Har
bor Commission were also defeated.
SAN DIEGO REPUBLICANS.
Elect Delegates and Indorse V. S.
Grant for Senator.
SAN DIEGO, Auk. 11.— The Republican
County Convention met this morning and
completed its labors to-night, electing M.
L.« Ward as chairman. The resolutions,
besides reaffirming Republican principles,
favor a policy of national expansion and
indorse U. S. Grant for United States Sen
ator to succeed Stephen M. White. Dele
gates to the Congressional convention at
Newport and the State convention were
chosen. •'__ _^_ ___. I :
RAILWAY MAIL DELEGATES.
The members of the Eighth Division of
tho. United States Railway Mail Service
Mutual Benefit Association held meetings
rday morning an d elected delegates.
llowa tv represent them in tho twen
ty-third annual convention of thi> asso
ciation in Atlanta. Georgia, commencing
Si'iitcmber G:
San Francisco District— Joseph P. Britt, W.
A Hfinphlll and Henry N. Wilbur; alternates,
A H Merrill. H. P. Hook and F. L. South
wirk.
Portland District— B. A. House; alternate, C.
M. ('otUeman.
Loh Angeles District— J. N. Johnson; alter
nate. H. K. White.
Utah District— Thonvald Larson; alternate,
VI. L. Denson.
The association numbers 4800 members.
Death benc-fttH of $2000 each are paid, and
each of the nine or ten assessments per
year produces $7450 50. The constant re
serve, surplus is $30,000.
GREATER HONOR IN
STORE FOR DEWEY
Grade of Admiral May
Be Created.
HE WOULD GET THE PLACE
HIS EEWABD HAS NOT YET BEEN
SUFFICIENT.
Was Advanced Only Two Numbers
for His Victory, While Samp
son Went Forward Eight
Numbers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Elerald
telegraphs: There is a strong feellnfa
in Washington that Rear Admiral
Dewey should receive a greater reward
than has been accorded him, and there
is a strong probabilty that the Presi
dent in his message to Congress will
urge the revival of the grade of vice
admiral, and that Rear Admiral Dewey
be appointed to the office when it au
thorized by law.
For his victory in Manila Bay Dewey
has advanced only two numbers while
Rear Admiral Sampson has been ad
vanced eight numbers, and liear Ad
miral Schley six for the fight off San
tiago. If the grade of vice-admiral had
existed eight numbers would have ad
vanced Rear Admiral Dewey to that
rank.
Naval officers generally hope that not
only will the grade of vice-admiral be
revived, but that Congress will i
the grade of admiral. It' this is done,
Admiral Dewey would naturally
be appointed to fill it, not only because
of the part he played in the battle of
Manila Bay, but because of his treat
ment of the vexing questions which
have :iri:-«-n since his victory.
What officer will be designated to fill
the grade of vice-admiral if the higher
rank were revived, cannot be authori
tatively stated, but the adminlstr
would undoubtedly select Rear Admiral
Sampson while the friends of Rear Ad
miral Schley would urge his appoint
ment. In any event, as soon as Con
gress convenes there will be a bitter
controversy In the Senate and House
. n the friends of the two officers
as to which is entitled to the credit for
the victory off Santiago.
KILLED AT MANILA
BY SHARPSHOOTERS
Dr. John Barron of Coketown, Pa.,
Receives a Cablegram Telling
of His Brother's Fate.
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— A Pittsburg
special to the Herald says: Dr. John
Barron of Coketown, Westmoreland
County, to-day received a cablegram
from Manila announcing the death of
his brother, Professor George Barron,
principal of the Llgonler Public Schools.
Professor Barren was first sergeant of
Company E, Tenth Pennsylvania Vol
unteers. The cablegram merely stated
that he had been killed by sharpshoot
ers. As the name did not appear in the
official list of killed and wounded in the
battle of Malate sent by General M"er
ritt to the War Department it is
thought Professor Barron was killed
after the battle. ' Citizens of Mount
Pleasant are talking of erecting a mon
ument to the memory of members of
Company E who fell at Malate.
WYOMING REPUBLICANS
ADOPT A GOLD PLANK
DOUGLASS, Wyo., Aug. 11.— The Re
publican State convention, after two re
cessea, was called to order at 2:30 p. m..
and the report of tho committee on reso
lutions was read and unanimously adopt
ed. The resolutions roartirm in gvnoral
terms the national declarations made at
St. Louis in 1896. The financial plank is
as follows:
The financial policy of the Republican party
having brought prosperity to the entire coun
try and Riven us a place among the nations of
the earth and enabled us to conduct success
fully a foreign war, xv» unhesitatingly re
affirm the financial plank of the platform as
expressed by the national convention at St.
Louts.
The platform indorses the "twin meas
ures of the Republican party— protection
and prosperity." approves the Dingley
tariff law, supports the administration, in
its vigorous prosecution of the . war
against Spain: praises the country's
heroes, approves . Hawaiian annexation
and favors the construction of the Nica
ragua canal. Upon territorial aggran
dizement the platform says: V
We congratulate the country that President
McKinley is fully able to pursue a policy upon
the declaration of peace with Spain which will
at once maintain the dignity and honor of
our nation and bring prosperity to the Islands
which will come under our control and pro
tection.
Following the adoption of the platform,
Frank W. Mondfll, for ConRTQBS, and Do
Forrest Kichards, for Governor, were
nominated by acclamation. The ticket
nominated is as follows; F. Chatterton,
for Secretary of State; Leroy Grant, for
Auditor; T. T. Tynon, for Superintendent
' ADVERTISEMENTS. . , .
* - • ■
: Diseases . TUTT7AT t
♦ and Weakness IWJ * lid It
♦ of Men ♦
<$ — <8»
* Only.
i" — .g^fe-. Dr. Meyers & Co. 1
& m |Rr*^s^ "^^ Have been actively engaged *
♦ ■|p£ '3 in ' treating • diseases and t
* jS&fpr W weaknesses of men, to the
I ' fKW exclusion of all other ail- J
« Or% t^J^H,) ments, for seventeen years <$>
♦ \ Ife ' \9 and have become more Pro"P r0 " ■ t
♦ ' -^fSRi '%^ ficient in curing these trou- i
♦ ' J^^S^%^ !f '2 bles than an other physi- t
♦ cansc ' ans in Amenca -
I«s^J^^^# ; •731• 731 Market Street, ♦
'•' to^i ' s> >^* r^£!^'|S^^ SAN FRANCISCO -
4s>fi 'Mt -v,^Tft iSJrT i^ll^a^ Office Hours-8 to 12. Ito 5. daily; f
""^ •"■■"■" mmm ■■■■" ■•" evenings, 7 to 8; Sundays. 9 to 11. ♦
+ *
;.. No Pay Consultation :
J Tm Consultation J
: Cure ■■ 17151717 ; i
I Is Effected. ' £ JIJD JU ' I
,♦' . : ;;; ■ ■ ■>■-". If . ■• --,/.". - • . '
<J> <». '€><£>^><t>^<S>^'^<^^><J > <*>'$" <$••s*■€► <2> <S> A A <S> «• <«> *■ <S> <g> 4> ♦ 4* 4* ■$"&
v v v v >»• v v v v.v ntv v v-»- >- v v ■»- v v «r w-w^ -r
OF" INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding """ " - th Any of th» W -•! np Firms Please Mention "Tho Call."
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
Artistic Furniture and f?rt Ware Importers,
117 SUTTER STREET.
~~™ ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
UCVI7A CDDIM^i Proprietor. . Send for tneas-
ntliLV OI mnU ure blanks. U. S. Commis-
sion, 8 Geary St., S. F. i
ARTISTIC FURNITURE.
nMTT' c. CrHIVTIT CD Bank. Office and Saloon
FINK &bL!llr'iULcK, Fittings. 1303 Market
t. Telephone South ?87.
AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock PJI I ID *f 0 11 Montgomery St..
Auctioneers. nlLLll tt \s\J- Ban Francisco.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
■uric CrUtWKlKfw Shipplnjc trade supplied.
HIM- SCliUCmflU; 639 Broadwiu- street.
BELTING. .
I D HECEV Manufacturer of Belting; and
L. P. iICUEN, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BICYCLES.
. '98 Model Cleveland Bicycles
Sell for $30, $65 and $75. Crescents. In Men's
and Ladies $35. Second-hand Wheels. $10 and
™ LEAVITT & BILL. 303 Larkln rtrit.
~ BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Office and Worka-113-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO MS COMPAHT,
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY STREET.
' Telephone Main 1864.
~~~~ ~~ COPPERSMITH.
Josech Fox. Eupt. .H. Blyth. Al«t. •
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing. Steamboat
nnd Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
DENTIST.
DR. C W RICHARDS, &*£.?&«,.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
BEDINOTON & CO. fo^^^l
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SON.
407-403 Montgomery st.
Capital Represented over $14,000,000
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
liC PAVCC .t C(i Shipping Butchers. 108
JA>- DUIC3 (I LU,, Clay. Tel. Main 12*4.
FLOUR.
UITIAVII Flour Mills. J. Martensteln * Co.
nAIIUIIAL s.W. cor. Battery and Pacific «U.
HARDWARE.
DALACE Hardware Co., lmporters & Dealers
*in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO.. 211 Larkin St.. 8. F.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of all
, kinds of • Harness and dealers in Buggies.
Carts, etc. It y u want bargains call or writ*
of Public Instruction; &. K. Kbbptt, for
Treasurer, and Jesse Knight, for Asso
ciate Justice "i" the Supreme Court.
UNGFIHLD, Mo., .Vug, 11.— The
Democratic State convention came to an
end shortly after 11 o'clock to-ni^ht, hav
inK nominated the following ticket:
Judge of the Supreme Court (long
term),' William C. Marshall of St. Louis.
Judge of the Supreme Court (short
term), Leroy i.. Valliant of St. Lmiis.
State Superintendent of Public Schools,
William T. I'nrrinßton of ■ 'Unty.
Railroad and Warehouse Commissioner.
William E. McCully of Macon County.
TAMMANY'S DEFIANCE
OF THE ELECTIONS BILL
NEW YORK, Augr. 11.— Tammany Hall,
through its executive committee, to-day
adopted resolutions utterinp its defiance
of the elections bill passed at the special
session of the 'Legislature. Tammany an
nounces its intention not to recognize the
law in any manner, nor will it submit
a llxt of names for appointment as Dep
uty Commissioni ra.
The resolutions state that Tammany
Hail bellev«a the elections bill an uncon
stitutional enactment "pi the most repre
ile fcharacter, denying to tho citizens
of the metropolis the right of Bdf-srov
ernment. as enjoyed by every Republican
community in the State, ana ■ manifest
insult to the honesty, fntelligence and pa
triotism of the citizens of Greater New
Tork, who justly pride themselves on the
purity and fairness of their elections."
FAREWELL TO MlS^i WETJEN.
There was presented in the Auditorium
of the Young Men's Christian Association
building last night a choice programme
on the occasion of the farewell benefit
tendered to Miss Cordie Wetjen, the tal
ented California whistler. Miss Wetien
will leave for the East at the end of the
current month and will show the people
there that Mrs. Shaw, the famous whis
tler, has a rival in the line of her pecu
liar talent. The beneficiary appeared
three times during the, evening: a.nd was
warmly applauded.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton &■ Hedlev Prr.«=
234 Fremont St. Castines of Every Ite
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505?
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS. 13« Sutter St*
San Francisco. Telephone Main 917.
' MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES
Combined Capital. $4,000,000
STZ & CO.. AgenU.
801 California wt.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THF RFRNKA&n Mattress Co.. 642 Mission
mC DCKflllAnlJ st. Telephone Main im.
OPTICAL GOODS. '
BERTELING OPTICAL COMPANY,
Scientific Opticians and Manufacturers of
Optical Goods. 14 and 18 Kearny street.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll 1 AMFTTF PULP AND pa per co..
ITILLHITILI Ik 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Lareest Stock.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
M and 30 OFarrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairers.
x >r; printing.
EC HIIHHFQ PRINTER,
• %*• fIUUIILO. :.v, Sansome street.
REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEiN & CO..
TEAL ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORa
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery st.
SEWING MACHINES.
"nflMF^Tlfi" Pre - emn ° n «V the machine for
UUITILOI family use. 1021 Market m. 6th.
SOAP.
0 R LUCY &CO m California rtreet.
Ui 11, Livi & V.V., room ". Tel. Main Ik£
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
T^e a phic PARTRIDGE I°°^
TBE HICKS- JUDD CO 7 D : 2^r7 t
TARTAR WORKS.
£>ALIFORNIA TARTAR WORKS,
G. De LATOUR. Manager.
Office SIS Front Street, San Francisco.
TYPE FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC States -"yp» Foundry, successor*
to Hawks A. Sbattuck. The Hjice Induitrr
House, 60S Clay st.
WAGONS AND TRUCKS.
HENRY B. SCHINDLER. manufacturer of
. carriages, buggies, etc.: repairing dons la
first-class style at fair prices for rood work.
12S Spear St.; tel. Mpln 295.
WALLPAPER.
WALLPAPER— WhoIesaIe and retail: send for
samples, stating about quality and color, to
, JAS. DUFF? CO., 925-93U Howard at.. S. F.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and Public Weigher*.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses
General office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES. ETC.
TI lIVTIV "Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LLUIM> full JVk. Wedding Rings. 4 3d st.
United States Branch. .
STATEMENT^
.».;■: OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
- — OF THE
North German Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. GERMANY, ON THE 3IST
day of December, A. D. 1897, and for tha
year ending on that day. at made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
CIO and 611 tit" the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Loans on bonds and mortgages.. $74,000 09
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 404,410 09
Cash in company's office 1.463 65
Cash in banks , 116,413 65
Interest due and accrued on all stocks
and loans 4,400 07
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages „„. ST4 67
Premlunw In due course at collection. 194,379 10
Total assets $795,941 0*
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $2.11133
Losses In process of adjustment or in
suspense 3<.45« 4j
Losses resisted, including expenses.... 3,000 00
Gross premiums on fire risks running 1
one year or less. $532,791 77; reinsur-
atice 50 per cent 136,395 SS
Gross premiums on fire risks running
more than one year, $15!»,6J2 54; rein- ■
purance pro rata 103.043 45
Due and accrued for salaries, rent, _^
e t c z,4*3 &s
All cither demands against the com-
I any SS.S32 ° 7
Total liabilities *" 9 - 302 7S
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre . •
U^,Tv!r?or- ron-bonds" and
R^^^^ttancV^rom-home •
office __L__
Total income • » 465 - 501 °°
EXPENDITURES.
Ne t *nount, paid forjra (ln ;
eluding H/'ISJS loSBt:D X $207.61*84
p£d ar "or allowed "for commission or^^^
pSrett^FSKS and .ocal
Al^otner "payments, and expenditures. 13,340 85
Total' expenditures $3 pi" 2 41
Lo SS , incurred' during the ycir.^... $222,966 58
~ Risks ancPpreraiums. Fire Risks. j Premiums.
N writt^ mO d U vr t ing theyear «49,655,877 t665,T15 81
written during the year $49,658,877 $665,715 81
wot amount of risks ex-
Plrfd l during the year.. . 41,833.075 563.740 70
Vet amount In force De-
cember 31. 1597 44,113.656 552.444 31
ADOLI'H LOEB, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 21st
lay of March, 1898. / MARK A. FOOTE,
" Commissioner for California in Chicago.
WALTER SPBYER,
225 Sansome Street, S.F.,
General Agent for the Pacific Coast.
D"DTTC!IJI7C FOR barbers, bak-
DllU OXIIjO era - bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
jrewera, bookbinders, candy- makers, canners,
lycra, flourmil's, foundries, laundries, paper-
•lanKers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
itablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
3rush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St
afAbn giWIQ I Ti S M2. wL^
SB ■K| ■ I HEtaSB BiwcoldlldT
|MIO ft STAMPEDE
Important Discoveries in
Alaska.
ONE IS ON BARANOFF ISLAND
ONLY ABOUT TWENTY MILES
,•.•••. FROM SITKA.
..The Other Is on a Creek Emptying
Into Big Taku Arm, Sixty
; Miles From Lake
. . Bennett.
. ' ' Special Dispatch to The Call.
-FKATTLE, Aug. 11.— The steamer
City of Topeka, which reached port this
■afternoon, brings news of two impor
ter t gold discoveries in Alaska, one
Istrom Baranoff Island, where another
'.'Lake of Gold," similar to the Pande
■Bias-in discovery, has been found, and a
.•stampede was in progress when the
City of Top-ka left. The lako> is a
small one, about twenty mitea from
.fcritka; and a few miles in th.; interior
:frorr Whale Bay. It is located In n
siria.ll basin and the gravel banks are
■said to be gleaming with fine gold. It
ifinot known what the new flell pans
out for the starcpeders have net been
xrUt " long enough to send back word.
,-Pjbrsei Curtis said that Sitka w.ts
much excited over the discovery.
:. 'According to A. U. Burner of Sitka,
;\yho returned on the steamer, the Pande
Kasin country is being opened up as
■fiipidly as possible. One hundred men
are now at work building a wago i road
to- the basin and have planks laid fo
-tliree miles. As soon as the road is
eVJnipleted heavy machinery will be
6e.ht in.
.■• The. other gold discovery is on a creek
emptying into Big Taku Arm, which
; <6'p;?ns off Tagish Lake, and Is sixty
from Lake Bennett. Af*er the
s\f v,s. reached the Hew town of Bennett
ihV place was deserted in an hour. A
stampede that discounted the one to
■Little. Salmon during the winter started
;fi'"r the scene of the discoveries. The
steamer KUbourn was chartered by an
bther party and led the race.
. -A couple of men who had been v.ork
n the new creek, which has not
t»en named, came out for more
rid at Bennett told the story.
-tainly beat the Klondike for a
One of the men claimed to
tt&ve been working on his newly lo
ea.ted bonanza for three weeks and dur
fnp that time took out never less than
: . ■ r day. The better pans ranged
en ?. and S»> in the value of the
ith that could be taken from
them.
Extensive deposits of coal have been
•-red at Whale Bay on Baranoff
Island, about forty miles from Sitka.
The .test of coal has been satisfactory
arrd a number of claims have already
peen located.
; MISSOURI TRAIN ROBBERY.
Bandits Attempt to Get Away With
.■ _.■ the Adams Express Safe.
. P.T. .JOSEPH. Mo.. Atig. 11.— The south-
Burlington Exposition flyer was
..' .;> two miles north of the city at i
y'.'cjo'ck to-night by five men, who rolled
j . ianis Kxprf-ss Company's safe out
jf;theexpr< tempted to haul
■ • . They abandoned their task soon
■ tting ;u\y money.
•KANSAS CITY, Aug. 11.— Soon after the
bery on the Burlington road
-night a railroad offi
who ought to have been well in
foriited, made the statement that the rob
bera. : secured $8280 from the safe which
from t'.ip Adams Kxpress Com
pany's car. The trpasure. it was
■ packages of SIijOO each,
four packages of $500. one of $260 and an
other of ;
• •'. Quarantined With Measles.
"VICTORIA, Aug. 11.-H. M. S. Aorangi
arrived this evening from Honolulu and
Australia. She Is quarantined with meas
les on board.
WHO
\Can truly say that his
strength and vitality
are as great and as
perfect as they should
be? Those who are in
a state of gloom and
hopelessness at all
times surely cannot.
Yet it is true that
numbers of men pass
for men of full power
who are but puny,
weak half-men.
ARE
rYou strong: or weak?
..■■..• . : / You know the truth.
•.■:"••■ .-. I Do not try to deceive
•'•-. ; '. / yourself. That does no
".;..# good. If you are a
..'.'■'■ i weak one "Hudyan"
'.' • . / will make you strong.
■'.'■•• ..# You would not be weak
;. .:/ had you treated nature
... / fairly, but instead of
■ . # that you have abused
■'.■ •/. her gifts. Worked too
..''.:■ '[■■ hard, or been f001-
.7 ish.
MEN
:»' '\. Who have used the
"••■ \ • "Hudyan" treatment
;. : \ swear by its efficacy.
.'.\..\ It gives you "back lost
• ■-• \ energy. It makes up
■'-'. ' \ for drains. It is equal
• ' ." , \ to the severest case.
• ; \Who have used the
"Hudyan" treatment
vwear by its efficacy.
It gives you'bark lost
energy. It makes up
for drains. It is equal
to the severest case.
Circulars and testimo-
V nials, which are quite
V *" ce > will tell you all
'!.- :' \ alout it. Ask for them.
."• • \ As-ic for medical ad-
;. • ' \ vie?. That is free, too.
■■• • V Whv * not have it? Hear
■■■;'•■/ \ %% 'hat you will be told
. : " ' \ without a cent of ex-
Pen* to you.
■■ To all those who call nt tl e institute all as-
Fiatance la plven that could , c had for a |]000
U*. Thoaa who have blood • int are toM lust
■what is necessary, and those who cannot call
may rest assured that equa attention and
equally satisfactory treatm« with lust as
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
:. . STOCKTON. MARKET AND ELLII 8 T3.,
" -' . Son Fran: is. o, Cat. \
SUMMERLAND OIL
MEN UP IN ARMS
Southern Pacific Rob
bery Resisted.
RIPARIAN OWNERS AROUSED
BRAZEN ATTEMPT TO DRAIN
THEIR WELLS.
Company Builds a "Wharf to Bore
Into the Ocean Bed and Angry
Citizens Chop Down the
Piles.
BANTA BARBARA, Aug. 11.— The
whole town of Summerland, five miles
east of Santa Barbara, is under arms,
ready to protect its interests against
Southern Pacinc encroachments. For
three days a number of armed men
have been employed chopping down
piles and otherwise destroying South
ern Pacinc property, and as yet they
have met with no resistance from the
company.
For some time post it has been
known that the oil wells drew their
supply from the rocks or ledge dipping
at a well-defined angle. Lately it was
shown by actual experience and tests
that the real reservoir bottom was
some little distance below low-water
mark, and to reach it one must go even
out into the waves to bore. It was also
known that a well out in the waves
would soon exhaust these inland wells.
This is what has caused the fight be
tween the riparian owners and the
Southern Pacinc Company.
J. B. Treadwell, a mining expert, who
has openly asserted that he is working
under the Southern Pacinc Company's
instruction, obtained a wharf franchise
from the Board of Supervisors of Santa
Barbara County and has run a wharf
out 400 feet into the ocean, which he
claimed was for the shipment of oil by
steamer and also to ship or land other
commodities for the town of Summer
land. It now develops that this wharf
is solely to be used as a platform for
drilling oil wells and also as a means to
enable the Southern Pacific Company
to get control of the rich oil fields.
Treadwell has run out arms parallel
to the coast from the end of the wharf,
about low-water mark, and threatens
to extend thpni along the whole front
of Summerland. a distance of 2000 feet,
thereby cutting off all the riparian
owners from tidewater facilities, with
the intention of boring wells which
riparian owners claim will drain their
wells. This will also enable the South
ern Pacific Company to run their road
in a straight line, saving many sharp
curves and grades. If they are suc
cessful Summerland will be at their
mercy and they will secure all the oil
necessary for this division of their
road.
Treadwell left to-day for San Fran
cisco, and it Is supposed from remarks j
he made that he has gone for the pur
pose of securing the aid of the Attor
ney General to enable him to run over i
State lands below high-water mark.
This is regarded here as the most
brazen attempt at seizure of property
without compensation evpr attempted j
by any corporation. The owners of
property on the beach have men con- j
tlnually on the nrnvp resisting Tread
well's attempt to build his barrier in
front of thpm. Treadwell'B pile-driver,
which has been used for building plat
forms for oil wells on the arm of the
main wharf, stands this evening a soli
tary monument In the ocean, the piles
having been chopped down between it
and his wharf by the riparian owners.
Among the riparian owners are
Thomas B. Wood, son of the Iron King
of Pennsylvania, who has unlimited
capital behind him, and William M. S
Moore, an Eastern capitalist, who has
invested $16,000 already. which if
Treadwell and the Southern Pacific are
Buccessful will be n Jr.ss to him. Charles
Newman, H. L. Williams and A. Hope
Doeg are others who are interested and
have much capital invested.
POPE'S ILLNESS SLIGHT,
DECLARES DR. LAPACON!
His Holiness Only Fatigued by the
Preparation of His Recent
Encyclical.
ROME. Aug. 31.— Dr. I.apaeoni and all
the Vatican authorities confirm the state
ment that the Pope's illness Is slight. The
doctor did not Htay during the night at
the Vatican. The Pontiff shows symp
toms of gastric inflammation, hut ho par
took of nourishment last evening and was
In excellent spirits. He rose this morn
ing at 5:?.u and celebrated mass. Dr. Lapa
conl visited the Pope at 8 o'clock this
morning. By Dr. I.apaconl's advice the
Pope remained out of bed only four hours.
In an interview to-day the doctor ex
plained that the Pontiff was fatigued by
the preparation of hi» recent encyclical,
but ))•> hoped the Pope would be up to
morrow all day find that he would resume
his audiences on Saturday.
SOUTH DAKOTA TRAGEDY.
Jealous Husband Kills Two Men, His
Wife and Himself.
OMAHA, Aug. 11 —A special from Dead
wood, S. D., to the Bee says:
Three men dead and a woman dying
Is the net result of a shooting affray at
Central City this morning. Judge J. P.
Giddlngs, Ed Shannon and Jack Wear
are the men and Mrs. Ed Shannon is the
woman.
Shannon had a boarding-house at Ter
ry' and another at Central City. He
stayed nights at the Terry house, leav
ing his wife to look after the other place.
At 0:.'!0 Shannon returned to Central
City, and aroused Judge Giddlngs. Just
what happened In the office no one
knows, but the two men suddenly burst
into the stroct engaged in a death strug
gle. Shannon had a revolver. Jack
\\>ar tried t,, separate them, and was
shot through the body, dying Instantly.
Shannon then shot Giddlngs through the
head, killing him. He went to his wife's
bedroom and beat her about the hi--id
with hiß revolver until ho thought he had
killed her, and then, with a fresh revol
ver, shot himself. The woman is still
alive, but cannot recover. All the par
ties are pioneers and were well-to-do
Giddings has held many political offices.
Intimacy between Giddings and Mrs.
Shannon is given as the cause of the
tragedy.
BLANCHE WALSH'S ROLE.
Will Replace Fanny Davenport Dur
ing the Latter's Illness.
DENVER. Colo.. Aug. 11.— Miss Blanche
Walsh, leading iady in the stock com
pany now playing at Manhattan Beach
in this city, baa been engaged to take the
place of Miss Funny Davenport, who is
ill in the presentation of Sardon'a plays
in this country next season. She will ho
supported by Melbourne Macdowell, Miss
Davenport's husband.
Brookbanks Dies From His Injuries.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 11.— T. A. Brook
banks of San Jose, who was Injured by
being thrown from a wagon near Laguna
yesterday, died to-day. lie was a native
of Philadelphia, aged 64 years.
THE SA:N" FRA^CTSCO CAI/L, FRIDAY, AUGUST 12, 1898.
INTERIOR TOWNS
ARE SWELTERING
Mercury Reaches 115 in
Several Places.
FRESNO NEVER SAW THE LIKE
STOCKTON AND SACRAMENTO
ABE FURNACES.
Los Angeles Also Suffers, but the
Humidity Will Have a Tendency
to Advance the Fruit
Crops.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Aug. 11.— The weather ob
server said it was 113 degrees in Fres
no to-day, but there is an impression
hereabouts that he keeps his thermom
eter on ice. Though the mercury has
been up to 114 twice this season, the
heat to-day was felt more than on
either of those occasions. This was
probably due to a [greater degree of
humidity. While tnere was consider
able suffering from the heat, there
were no prostrations — at least none
have been reported. The heat is said
to have been even greater in Aladera
and Merced than here.
STOCKTON, Aug. 11.— This has been
the hottest day of the year, and ther
mometers held up their hands until
close to sundown, when It began to
moderate somewhat. The highest re
corded here was 108 degrees, though
there are reports of other glasses
somewhat higher. Reports from near
by towns were as follows: Lathrop,
109; Elliott, 113; Farmington, 115 and
122; Clements, 115; Woodbridge, 105;
Bellota, 115, and Ripon, 112.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 11.— This was
the hottest day ever experienced in
Sacramento since it was settled by
Americans, at least of which there is
axiy record. For two hours the mercury
stood at the 110 mark. Nobody has
suffered, however, and men and horses
were about their work as usual. In
deed, the average estimate of the heat
was about 100 degrees. To-night there
is a comfortable breeze from the south,
and a change in the temperature is
looked for.
It is feared that the hot wave has
injured grapes in vineyards not irri
gated, as the fruit is less protected by
the foliage of the vines, owing to the
ilry season. Irrigated vines have heavy
foliage, which Drotects the grapes.
TRACY, Aug. 11.— To-day has bwn
the hottest of the season, the ther
mometer registering 115 degrees in the
shade at 3 p. m., with a hot westerly
wind. One case of sunstroke, not fa
tal.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 11.— The high
est temperature in this city for the
present month was experienced yester
day and to-day, the maximum temper
ature reaching 91 degrees. The heat
was extremely oppressive, owing to
the humidity. The heat will have the
effect of hastening the ripening of
peaches, pears, plums, grapes, etc.,
and owing to the extreme moisture in
the atmosphere the fruit will In no
way be injured.
IMPALED UPON A
JUNK'S BOWSPRIT
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C. Aug. 11.— The
steamer Victoria, which arrived this
evening from Yokohama after a swift
though stormy passage, brings news
of a frightful accident in Yokohama
harbor, whereby two lady missionaries
of the American Mission Board. Mieses
Simmons and Allen, lost their lives.
The two ladies had a number of friends
wh<> were journeying to this side of the
Pacific by the R. M. R. Empress of Ja
pan, and they went out in the launch
belonging to the Canadian Pacific
Steamship Company to see them off.
The grood-bys being said, the two la
dies were going ashore in the launch
when a junk which was sailing into the
harbor running swiftly before the wind
collided with the launch. The Junk's
bowsprit was driven against Miss Sim
ons with terrific force. It struck her
in the abdomen and impaled her, kill
ing her instantly. Her companion. Miss
Allen, was .struck about the shoulders
and head by the unwieldy bow of the
Chinese vessel and she was terribly
cut and lacerated. She lingered in
pain for the greater part of a day in
the Yokohama hospital and died on
July 30, a few hours before the Vic
toria sailed.
Both ladies were well known in mis
sionary circles, they having been work
ing in Japan for a number of years.
Miss Simmons shortly before the tragic
occurrence had applied for and ob
tained a furlough. She was to have
come here en route to the United
States by the next Empress steamer.
TRANSFER OF THE MONON.
Vanderbilts Take the Line Into the
Big Four System.
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— A controlling
Interest In the Chicago, Indianapolis and
Louisville Railroad, better known as the
Monon, has been acquired by the Big
Four, says the Herald, and negotiations
are under way for the acquisition of the
Cincinnati, Hamilton and Dayton. The
latter deal, however, has not yet been
perfected, although it is believed in Wall
street that it is only a question of a few
days before an agreement will be
reached. . .-.'.-■
The Big Four, or Cleveland, Cincinnati,
Chicago and St. I>oiiis Railroad. Is con
trolled by the Vanderbilts, and this road
is operated in such close connection with
the Chesapeake and Ohio that gossip has
intimated that it is a part of the deal
that the Chesapeake road shall he even
tually taken into the enlarged Big Four
system. . .'. ■*y _ .
NINETY-FIVE POUND NUGGET.
Discovery of Gold Starts a Bush in
West Australia.
PERTH. West Australia. Aug. 11.—Ad
vlcea from Kalgoorlic say thousands of
people arc rvsbisg to the vicinity of Lake
Gwynne. close to Kanowna, where a nug
get of gold weighing- ninety-live pounds
was recently dtecovered. The cxcitoment
in the mining districts is reported to be
intense.
Interests the Coast.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 11— Pensions for
California: Original— Hazel Cramer, Vet
erans' Home, Napa, $fi; Jonathan Elliott,
Snn Francisco, $8. Mexican War widows
— Nancy Cook. San Francisco, $8.
Private Samuel C. Fitzgerald. Company
B. First Washington Volunteer infantry,
now at Presidio, San Francisco, will be
discharged from the service of the United
States by the commanding officer of his
station.
R. H. Graham has been appointed post
master at Jamacha, San Diego Cour.tv,
Cal., vice Herman Toews, resigned.
SEATTLE WANTS
HAWAIIAN TRADE
City of Columbia as a
Pioneer.
IS LOADING FOR THE ISLANDS
ANOTHER STEAMER WILL SOON
JOIN HER.
New Line Backed by the Great North
ern — Low Rates From New
York Have Been
Fixed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Aug. 11.— Arrangements
have been made to place the steamer
city of Columbia an the route between
Seattle and Hawaii on a twenty-five
day Bchedule, beginning August 25. The
company that will operate this steamer
is known as the Seattle-Honolulu Steam
ship Line. The owners are the Scandi
navian-American Bank of Seattle, rep
resented by John P. Jacobson and Cap
tain Russell Co-legrove of Washington
City.
It was practically decided to establish
this line cm Saturday last after a con
ference between Captain Colegrove and
President James J. Hill of the Great
Northern Railroad, he being in the city
at that time. All the prestige of the
railroad company will be exerted In
behalf of the new line.
The straight through passenger fare
from Xew York to Honolulu, via Seat
tle, has been fixed at $100 for first class
and $G2 seccmd class. The fare from
Seattle to Honolulu on the City of Co
lumbia will be as follows: $75 first
class, $37 second class and $25 deck
passage.
The company has assurance from the
Postofflce Department that a mail con
tract will be entered into. It is further
contemplated securing a sister ship, so
as to make the run between Seattle and
Honolulu every twelve days. Although
only announced this morning by even
ing the new line had its cargo and pas
senger list filled for the first trip.
The City of Columbia was brought
around the Horn from New York to go
on the St. Michael run. Accidents and
bad management resulted in tying up
the steamer shortly after arriving in
this port. She was recently ordered
sc-ld and went for $40,000. being bought
in by Captain Colegrove. Since then
$30,000 has been expended in repairs
and she is now rated by Lloyds' agent
as Al for five years.
CHANGE OF WIND
SAVES SKAGUAY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JUNEAU, Alaska, Aug. 6. by steam
ship City of Topeka to Port Townsfnd,
Wash., Aug. 11. — Skaguay has not been
wlmlly consumed, thanks to the wind
which continued to blow up the can
yon after the fire started last Thurs
day afternoon, instead of chansriner to
down the canyon. The loss is confined
the extent first stated — between
twenty and thirty small frame houses
and log cabins which bordered on the
trail beyond Twelfth street. The stead
fastness of the wind to the one direc
!iciii of safety is the only thing that
saved the city.
No additional particulars as to the
amount of damage or Insurance have
been received. No small steamer ha.s
arrived from the head of Lynn Canal
with any fresh particulars, and the
Topeka, which had just arrived from
Sitka, left Skaguay Thursday after
noon, four hours before the fire broke
out. The powder house of the railway
company is reported to have cau«ht
fire and exploded, but the bridjre over
the river, the switch tower and the
frame round house were saved. No
lives are known to have been lost.
Twenty-five deaths have occurred In
Dawson, all from the prevailing dysen
tery except four, which disease is dally
Increasing in virulence. The names of
the men who have died are, as far as
reported: Andrew Skinud, Wiota,
Iowa; Nels pisen, Tacoma; J. M. Sta
cey, Tacoma; John Freedlan, Tacoma;
Thomas Harvey, Victoria; H. McQuil
lan, Chicago; J. S. Cooper, New York
City: Peter Shearer, Chicago: J. A.
Langlois, Canada; John Parker, Port
land; Paul Meng, Switzerland: John
Galvln, Juneau; W. J. Law, Mexico;
Fred Hart. Philadelphia, and these
others whose places of residence are
unknown: A. Johnson, Ed Dustln.
Captain Hamlin, W. Killop, Theodnre
Valentine, A. Nelson, X. }'. Sunnson.
W. S. Meyers, D. Roehig and Gus An
derson.
Ballooning to Dawson is the latest.
With a favorable wind It Is expected
that the 600 miles from Skaguay to
Dawson will be covered in three hours.
Professor Antony Varicle, one of the
world's famous aeronauts, proposes to
make the trip. His chief of staff. Dr.
A. W. Terwlgne, who has reached Ska
guay, says that Professor Varicle fur
nished the United States Government
several balloons which were recently
used for reconnoitering purposes at
Santiago de Cuba previous to the ca
pitulation of that city, and that he will
be up here by the next steamer to make
the Dawson trip. The men are
dressed in yellow suits, with boots and
leggings. M. Mallet, the Paris balloon
manufacturer. Is said to be with Pro
fessor Varicle. It is proposed to make
the trip at an elevation of from 8000
to 10,000 feet, to use iron filings for in
flation and to start In about two weeks
HAL HOFFMAN.
FOOD SCABCE AT DAWSON.
Miner Hangs Himself — Wreck of
City of Sitka Found.
PORT TOWNSEND, Aug. ll._
Among the passengers on the City of
Topeka was Mrs. A. D. Field of St.
Paul, Minn., who left Dawson City
July 28. She says that boats arriving
at Dawson from St. Michael are bring
ing but small quantities of provisions
and are confining their business to pas
senger traffic. As a result provisions
will probably be scarce again this win
ter.
Fritz Lahuhn of Arlington, Kans.,
committed suicide in his tent on Stic
keen River by hanging himself. He left
a letter and some money for his wife.
The wreck of the schooner City of
Sitka has been found off Ominy Cape.
When the schooner left Sitka some I
weeks ago she had several prospectors !
aboard, but no trace of them has been
found.
Senator Teller of Colorado writes
about the dangers of the new trade
In the Orient in next Sunday's Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' ■ _ ___ . r '.-.- JJ -^,-,^....-. 1 - J -^.-. 1 -^^-^- l^
j© ■ Means Your Gata I
J^L"T s^oc7& 072/ hand. Poor prospects in sight for
;^Ofro^ • /Vri£. He got alarmed — scared out of his boots. He
f\ confided to us. Of course we bought 'em. Never
I ur * \ miss, a good thing, you know. Brand new fall,
I > • spanking stuff.
I ! .nY I \ Now get aboard. Here s an opportunity of a
9 ' /o\\ lifetime.
yi_Lj What Do You Care
/ YjjkM> '' What They Cost Him ?
I / I 'wis/' c sa V s they cos him to manufacture from
I WwW $10 to & 12. Such 'are the fortunes of war. The
i WiWi handsomest of Suits, the swellest of Overcoats,
WWiwM brand new fall styles.
W /PIP* brand new fail styles.
IP \M'^ get aboard a good gs% psam aam f\
W [^<%L THING. Friday and Satur- / I^V I 1
Sr tc=r^-=^- day, if the quantity holds out, C| J S J\ J
at ■
Unload and sacrifice his finest Suits, his finest Overcoats— no - <?-* wi^
parleying about values ; no , need of telling you what they're wA* J S^\ /^^^^ (T "%
worth — they're in our big windows. Many more patterns to select g^ I I B ■ 9 3 H
from in our bid Clothing Department. Onl 1 \^M \^M \^M
Friday and Saturday these will be offered to you at * m.
iyr^y^' c TlinilCQT>C~^'^ pairs of 'em, elegantly tailored, in worsted <P A A A
lflt/Il D XI UU.Dv/1 D stripes and plain colors, suitable for any occasion, at *P A•A \J
$2 Hat for 95c. CX The Best That | Military
Nf* JL \2 Money Can Bny. CaPeS ' n; >7 ,
' <:-; %v tT JmMi AX/W \\ iiah a loss to
*Jtf / >^^^^^^=^ < V!i^^' l(iffi*£~T\ •AH - wool *&$^ a manufac-
jfof v^" "^^^ llilli /If^JL \ Scotches, with TO • turer. It's a
I!* Mi«i / \ \ double knees Sr^Wv.. 57rc^ garment,
WBs3 — r— ' :<<^3l / J • if ) and seats clef ; f^V) 7 '^ blue cloth
U| Jk/«** *»«v <» / fo 7/ '"^ f^ «f
»ISifS«!pP^ / =? »■ "ff= s nL/ ~r, /• Tir-j / ir H opvra flannel.
%il^iSS^^^ll^ UJ "dV 'Reefers. Mid- I Til You know what
jr^ W I'jL dies and double- L^Jri^ thsij're worth.
N.^^ i^?\ I ~d~'^7 uj |W * / j *" /^y r & worth.
' • _  , - /^~-"-~X breasted styles, /-TV / .'/ j/^^ quantity is
The hat I hat's brought f ami /PT^czZ^ n jj (I<sp «. * n rnp /.. f// '' 7i™it*r?
to our house. That pretty Fe- /% W^M, ?U? U ag ™ ' S °™ e %l Affaj Z7^f e^ ,
dora in p>*rl. black, otter and i J?%]?W\ have two pairs t W W Friday and
tobacco. $2 and more elsewhere. \f^ /^> i of pants. H/JXAL Saturday at
Here at -_^ _^ \&9SO xyy Friday and & . * Ss - :> <£TQ O / "™
QSC. X^l^X Saturday at tJ)O.t/D.
~~~ ~~ *
Put Money in Your Purse. 4t3U< Here's a
'!_._- r^ ese voiuM MiHtarv Y*A Tumble.
IFS*>SS W * W tempt you. c^^\ IWHIWij \^
f^^T^^^ They're not in \^£p% SflltS /<r^V\ or a^
m^^^ 076r ivindows. • * /I \ N^ ! i(\ or '» a^ es 1% *°
frA*«> wrf»e» They're worth yJ \\ WrA years, the
r/'f7Z tempt you. c^f^A inuiiaij ><7
They're not in SflitS /<^^V\ r a^
o?tr window*. \ ,£) /) \N^ il\ boy, ages 12 to
Our Juvenile They're worth f/ I \\cAA years, the
{{^Ir^l) manager will /^^t^l\ $10 -and we | Ji_JS if) swellest suits
WAk\J(d surprise you /j/ j *f-^ A "m can it ; inblue 11 7 [j r | ft 1/ ?°T 7? *°V\
JlluVi^U when you see [3 f -•, V \ / *i. j.  iW^r'H\ : beheld. It
iß^-S 'em, V^^lT^ M I c^ fe srai^^ liP/ \1 means abig loss
HTP-^jH Thehandsom- kl^T** U withhold sou- §$kJ j\| to the manufac-
/^l)Cs%l est Middies, the L-.^_ -e (3^ tachc ; short ' ImM' \ M turer, but our
l^M/rl swellest of Sail- \ A pints, ages 3to ||i| /l\ boys must come
%J)*J' ors, the prettiest /A { IQvears KM I It r ' w ' or their
of Reefers, all \ fr 12 V*™., M gh J e
jLf brand new fall if I'riday and ' II These suits,
styles. We w^d mi # Saturday at i\ M I we say, Friday
not tell you their value. Wo- I Ji¥^^ G> *- A \] / an<^ Saturday,
man's eagle eye tells the story. *&>r vi <|>4. Oli. V/vL a *
Friday and. Saturday at H 4j>^| 52^i
$3.65. Long pants 50c extra. . . «J>H-.OO» •
m percale nnd ehrvio', MtftiUr^SJS&mC M& Jffl' xMt > JrmrSmMr'iM inblue clo'h with gold
collar ;$1 fhewhere. \^gjjir J- m^J^u., urn} ■m ■ lyjww 1 1| |i IH|i|||||||imH|l|l||||T Hor.'A 50c To-day
Friday nnd Sitiirday ,»ig^ W a*. f/Bbf^ at
39C. 11 13 -IS HEARIW ST. 25c.
KIRKLAND HAS A
FIGHTING CHANGE
Dr. Taylor Is Hopeful of
His Recovery.
SUFFERING FROM WEAKNESS
ORIGINAL TROUBLE HAS BEEN
OVERCOME.
Some Difficulty Experienced in Drain
ing the Wound Made by the
Surgeon's Knife — Still
ness at the Yard.
VAT,T,E.TO, Aug. 11.— The condition of
Admiral Kirkland still continues favor
able, though he had a severe attack of
weakness this morning. His symptoms
were so unfavorable that Dr. Taylor
was summoned by wire from San Fran
cisco, arriving about noon. The trouble
in the patient's abdomen and the in
cision made by the surgeon's knife
caused no uneasiness, as both were do
ing as well as could be expected. The
admiral was very weak, however, and
was unable to raise the mucus forming
in his lungs and congestion was begin
ning to develop. This trouble was ob
viated by an injection of hydrogen, and
during the afternoon his condition was
reported greatly improved. Some
trouble is experienced in draining the
wound caused by the operation, as the
patient is not able to sit up. but it Is
not believed that this will have any
lasting effect.
Dr. Taylor returned to San Francisco
this afternoon, leaving Dr. J. R. Wag
goner and Dr. C. T. Hibbett in charge
of the case, one of them being within
call at all times. Dr. Taylor told The
Call representative that the original
trouble in the patient's abdomen was
responding to treatment, the difficulty
this morning being caused by conges
tion of the lungs. He stated that the
patient has a good fighting chance of
recovery.
Commander J. J. Brice, who was re
called from the retired list during the
continuation of hostilities with Spain,
Is in command of the yard during Ad
miral Kirkland's illness. Everything
about the yard is kept as quiet as pos
sible, so that the admiral will not be
disturbed. The prolonged ringing nf
the bell calling men to work has been
stopped, a few taps sufficing for the
purpose.
POSTMASTER HOBSON.
Popular Appointment Made by the
President.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 11.— The Presi
dent to-day appointed Judge J. M. Hob*
son. father of Lieutenant Hobson of Mer
rimac fame, postmaster at Greensboro,
Ala. Mr. Hobson Is a Democrat, and the
nomination was made at the earnest re
quest of his Republican fellow-townsmen
as a mark of good feeling.
Freeport's Postmaster Arrested.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 11.— Deputy Unit
ed States Marshal Henry M. Moffitt of
San Francisco to-day arrested Philip G.
Riehl, the Freoport Postmaster, who had
been indicted by the United States Grand
Jury for alleged diversion to his own use
of $340 of Government funds. Riehl de
nies that he has used public funds. He
has been Postmaster for the little ham
let of Freeport for many years, and the
sum alleged to have been misappropriated
would seeem to cover the entire receipts
of the poatofflce for a very lone time.
MAYOR ARCHER KNEW
LITTLE OF MRS. ORR
Made the Woman's Acquaintance
Through a Correspondence
Bureau.
CALDWELL, Ohio. Au<r. 11.— Mayor
Arthur < ). Archer to-day mr. .Ie the follow
ing statement regarding the Orr affair at
Clarendon, Ark. :
"I have had some correspondence with
Lorllla I-\ Weaver, whose name I secured
through a correspondence bureau of Cin
cinnati. She represents herself to be a
French lady of wealth and leisure, and I
never heard of infname orr until I saw
It in the press in connection wth the ter
rible tragedy at Clarendon, and I am
dumfouiitiod that my name was connect
ed with it in any way. The manner In
which the correspondence began is this:
" "A Dumber of young men were in my
office one evening, ana one of them had a
circular from a correspondence bureau,
and it was sti"~ested that for the fun of
the thing a correspondence be opened up
with some one. A letter was written to
the bureau, and the name of and descrip
tion of the person representing herself to
be Lorilln F. Weaver was secured In this
way. which information I now have in my
possession, together with all letters re
ceived from her. three in number. Your
correspondent has read these letters, and
there is nothing in them suggestive of
any wrongdoings in any way. and they
appear to have been written by a lady
of education and refinement.' "
The unenviable notoriety is very em
barrassing to Mayor Archer and his
friends.
FIGHT WITH ANARCHISTS.
Brussels Officers Encounter Resist
ance While Making Arrests.
BRUSSELS. Aug. 11.— While a police
man was arresting a militant anarchist
named Williams, the latter shot and
wounded the officer and then escaped.
The anarchist also shot several persons
who attempted to capture him, but he
was finally arrested and lodged in Jail.
Later the police visited Williams' lodg
ings, where they found two anarchists,
who promptly opened fire at the officers.
The policemen replied to this fire, fatally
wounding one of the anarchists. His com
panion was captured
34
LUCKY BELLS
AND BELLES
Frank and Lucy Bell
First at Hawthorne.
LILLIAN BELLE AT SARATOGA
BELLE OF ST. LOUIS WINS AT
ST. LOUIS.
All Were Well Played, Too— Tod
Sloan Not One, Two, Three
Twice at the Springs
Course.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Aug. 11.— Ethelbert,
with an unknown pilot in the saddle,
won the Mumm handicap very cleverly.
ITor this he and Ellerdale were added
starters. Maher rode Lillian Belle to
victory in the initial event, in which
Tod Sloan was riding Ruskin. Then
Clawson put the next two winners over
and was third on Satirist in the stake
for two-year-olds. The race for gen
tleman riders was quite interesting and
the defeat of Aipen, favorite in the
Mumm handicap, the colt ridden by
Tod Sloan, was a crusher to the tal
ent.
' ' First race, purge, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. ft. %. Str. Fin.
•Lillian Belle, 111 Matter 113 12
Lor.i Zenl, 125 Knapp -2 2 0 2
Lady Mitchell, 111 Irvine 3 3 2 3;
." Ru.skin. 109 T. Sloan 4 4 14 1
Island Prince, 106....A. Barrett 5 5 5 5 i
Time, l:14V»- Won easily. Second and third i
driving. ■ "'« '
Sausallto odds— to 5, 5 to 1 and 2 to 1.
Track odds— B to 6, 6 to 1 and 9 to 5.
.. 'Favorite.
Second race, two-year-olds, five and a half ;
furlongs:
.Name and Weight. Jockeys. ft. 94- Str. Fin. \
Turv-y Drop, 109 Clawson' 1 111111
•Frances Booker, 109 Maher 3 18 3
Flavius, 112 Gray 2 2 3 3
Semper Leon, 109 Dupee 4 4 4 4
Time, 1:09. Won handily. Second and third
driving. I
isallto odds — to 1, 4 to 5 and 2 to 1.
Track odds — to 1, even and 9 to 5.
•Favorite.
Third race, purse, seven furlongs:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. fc. %. Str. Fin.
•Flax Spinner, 109.Clawson 3 1 1 111
Bardt'lla. 107 Irvine 2 3 3 2 2
Dutch Comedian, HJ.Taral 12 2 8 3
Tim?, 1:24. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Manchester 116. Captain Smith 106, Joe Miller
115 and Knight of thn Garter 121 also ran.
Sausallto odds— 6 to 5, 10 to 1 ami 5 to 1.
Track odds— B to 5, 15 to 1 and 7 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, Mumm handicap, two-year-olds,
cix furlongs:
Naii'.e and Weight. Jockeys. 4. \. Str. Fin.
Eth»>lb<-rt, 115 Cunningham 0 0 0 1
Ways and Means, 97 Maher 0 0 0 2
Satirist. 104 Clawson 0 0 0 3
•Alpen, 104 T.Sloan 1 11110
Ellerdale, 92 Row-den 0 2 2 0
Belle of Troy, 90 Dupee 2 0 0 0
Time. 1:15%. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Galahad 103, The Bouncer 102 Vi and Water
Girl 100 also ran.
Sausallto odds— s to 1 (coupled with Eller
dale), 4 to 1 and 5 to 1 (coupled with Galahad).
. Track odds— 3 to 1, 9to 2 and 6 to L
•Favorite.
Fifth race, gentlemen riders, one mile:
'■ Name and Wt Jook»ys. %. H- \. Str. Fin.
■ Protus, 147 Mr. Smyth 3 1113 2 1
. ■ •Shlllalah, 153. ..Mr. Paget 1 2 2 12 2
■ Irian. 160 Mr. Hayes 2 3 3 8 3
Time, 1:45. Won cleverly. Second and third
■' " driving.
Pausallto odde — 6 to 5, even and 2 to 1.
Track odds— 2 to 1, 9 to 10 and 5 to 2.
•Favorite.
FIRESIDE WAS A SURPRISE.
McDonald of California Again Car-
ries Off the Riding Honors.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 11.— But one decided favor
ite got home in front this afternoon over the
Fair Grounds track. J. McDonald of California
again landed two winners. Lines was on Flre
si.lf. the surprise of the afternoon, an 8 to 1
i>lv>t. It was supposed the filly's hard heat race
had "cooked her goose" for some time to
come. Siddonlan, brought down from Chicago, j
was heavily played by his party, and managed
to win by a nose.
First race, maiden three-year-old«, six fur
longs:
Nam» and Weight. Jockeys. H- %• Str. Fin.
Belle of St. Louis, 107. Gilmore 1 1 2 1^
Little Sallle, 107 Stevens 0 0 0 2
Johnny Rohan. 112. J. McDonald 2 2 113
Sir Wayman. 109 Tobin 3 3 3 0
Time. 1:1S%. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Governor Taylor 112, Mr. Pip 112, Imp. Bhlne
109, Wltaon C 109, Cored 107, Picayune 107,
Omelia 107. Fanchon 107. Max Angeio 107, Miss
Anita 107 ami 'Montesano 112 also run.
Fausalito odds— fl to 1, 12 to 1 and 6 to 1.
Track odds— 7 to L 15 to 1 and 6 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, purse, one and an eighth miles:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. %. %. %. Str. Fin.
•Biickvldere. 102. McDonald 3 1 121211
Fresco. 101 M. Dunn 0 0.0 3 2
Ransom, 101 Gilmore 0 0 0 0 3
Overland, 10J W. Dean 2 3 2 2 0
Tewanda, 88 Givens 12 3 0 0
Time, 1:06%. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
<". S. Bush 106, Aunt Jane 99, Fengal 99 and
Tllford 92 alno ran.
Baoaalito odds— < to 5. 12 to 1 and 12 to 1.
Tni.-k odds— 9 to 10, 15 to 1 and 20 to L
•Favorite.
Third race, selling, »even_ furlonga:
Name and Wt. Jockeys, 'hi.' MT.~%. Str. F!n.
•glddonian, 107 Rutter 0 0 0 2 ln»
•Kan.iazzo, 100 Gilmore Ins Ins 3 112
Xa!l?sa. 92 Hothersall 3 3 110 3
Forsythe, 104 Lines 2 2 2 0 0
Bequeath, 101. J. McDonald 0 0 3 3 0
Time 1:2^4. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Ray B 102. Borden 100, Frank Wagner 97, Dr.
Mark* !'7. Chlqulta II 92, Llradla 92 and Miss
Lizzie 92 aJso ran.
Bauaallto odds— 3 to 1, 3 to 1 and 6 to L
Track odds— 4 to 1, 4 to 1 and 11 to 2.
•Equal favorites.
Fourth race, purse, six furlongs:
Nnme and Weight. Jockeys. Vt- %• Str. Fin.
Fireside, 102 Lines 2 8 1 Ins
Ntck Carter, 107.. J. McDonald 0 0 0 2
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Pretty boxes and odors
are used to sell such
soaps as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a
soap that depends on
something outside of it.
Pears', the finest soap
in the world is scented or
not, as you wish; and the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the box.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people are
using it.
Pinochle, 100.... ....Kelly } v lh I 8
Watchmaker. 87 W. Dean lh 0 .0 0
Sorrow 96 Hothersall 12 3 0
•Loving Cup. 95 C. Clay 0 0 Op
Time. 1:14%. "Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Bausallto odds— B to 1, 3 to 1 and 10 to 1.
Track odds— fi to 1, 16 to 6 and 14 to 1.
•Favorite. .-;, ■* iv :: ; _ ;,;,V •:•.;■>.;./- v
Fifth race, purse, two-year-olds, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. H. %■ »tr. Fin.
Gue fiß Me, 106 Bloas 1 3 1 1 h
•Chancery, 110 Gilmore 0 0 3 2
Evelyn Hyrd, 106 Caddy 0 » 2 3
Asoka, 96 C. Murphy 2 1 0 0
Lady Osborne, 96 Linen 3 2 0 0
Time, 1:101/4. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Madge S 96, Rose Ash 101, Black Spot 96, i .
Smith i' 6 and Tululah B 98 also ran.
Sausallto odds — 4 to 1. 3 to 2 and 3 to 1.
Track odds— 9 to 2, 7 to 6 and 16 to 6.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, purse, six furlongs:
Name and Wt. Jockeys, fc. u s- %• Str.Fln.
F.vu ltice. 100 J. McDonald 0 3 3 1
Parity, 98 Southard 2 Ihl n I
Tragedy, 102 Gllmore 0 0 0 i
•Cotton" Plant, 104 Linen lh 2 1 2h 0
Silver Bet, l'J2 C. Clay 3 0 _J <>
Time. 1:11. Won cleverly. Second and third
Czarowitz 107, Minnie Welrlon 102, John Bell
97 and Wiggins 97 also ran.
Paupalito odds— 2' 2 to 1. "> t" 1 and 6 to L
Track odds— 3 to 1, 5 to 1 and S to 1.
•Favorite.
THORPE ON THREE WINNERS.
i A Disqualification and Other Excit
ing Events at Hawthorne.
CHICAGO, Aur. 11. -The Bell family of rare
horses were very much In the hunt at Harlem
to-day, Frank Rell capturing the second event
on the card and Lucy Bell the third race.
Charley Thorpe rode three winners and was
• disqualified on Cherry Leaf, which finished
! first, but fouled Madrllene. Prestar, a Ranoho
del I'uso-bred colt, run by McCullough & Co.,
! of which Ed Culver of Sacramento County is
the "C 0.," won the first race In fine style.
First race, selling, seven furlongs:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. V J A- %■ Str. Fin.
rrestar, 99 J. Kelft 0 0 0 3 12
Con RCRim, 106 Thorpe 3 0 0 2 2
Star an.l Crescent, 96
McNichols 0 0 0 0 3
Truth. 94 J. Woods 2 2 2 110
C. H. Whelan, 103. Jenkins 0 110 0
Elldad, 99 Basslnger 10 0 0 0
Whlrrnantellne, 94.... Rose 0 3 3 0 0
Time. 1:2S&. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Prince Blazes 9C and »La Salle 106 also went.
Latter left at the post.
Sausallto odds— 2% to 1. 6 to 1 and 10 to 1.
Track odds— to 1, 10 to 1 and 12 to 1.
•Favorite. .
Second race, purse, five furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. ft. 9*. Str. Fin.
•Frank Hell. 105 Foucon 3 3 3 lh
Batten, 113 Everett 2 2 2 2%
Ailyar. 118 W.Martin 12 11 11 3
Time, 1:01%. Won driving. Second and third
driving
King Rica 103. Bloss 103, Fatherland 103, Fon
tainebleau 113 and Hardy Pardee 108 also ran.
Sauealito odds— 2 to 1. 5 to 1 and 2ft to 1.
Track odds— ll to 6, 6to 1 and 3to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, selling:, seven furlongs:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. %. Vi- %■ Rtr. Fin.
Lucy Hell. 106 Thorpe 1 11111111
Syharls 106...'. Jenkins 0 0 3 3 2
•Millie M. 101 W. Klley 0 0 0 2 3
Loyaletta. 101.... J. Woods 2 2 S 0 0
f'arrie F 101.. . .McNlchoU 0 3 0 0 0
Fair Deceiver. 94... Knight 3 0 0 0 0
Time. 1:29. Won handily. Second and third
Vice Regal 103, Governor Sheehan 106, Black
Jack 106 and Dr. Sharp 110 also ran.
Sausallto odds— 3 to 1, 6 to 1 and 3 to L
Track odds— 4 to 1. 6 to 1 and 7 to 2.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, selling, mile and a furlong:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. 14- H %.■ Str. Fin.
Madrilene, 107 Everett 1 1 1 2 1 1 f3
•Cherry Leaf. 108.. Thorpe 3 3 2 2 ins
Nathanson. 101 Rose 2 2 3 3 2
Time, l:04H- Won driving. Second and third
driving.
t( hrrry Leaf and Nathanson set back for
fouling Maflrlle'ne, who was given the met-,
Cherry Leaf placed second. Nathanson third.
Sausalito odds— 2 to 1. 3 to 6 and 8 to 1.
Track odds— ll to 5. 3to 6 and 10 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, purse, one mile:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. Vi- %. %• Str. Fin.
•Dare 11. 107 Thorpe 8 2 2 3 14
Harry Games, 107. T.Burns 0 0 0 0 2
Abe Furot, 107 Everett 12 14 11 lh 3
Double Dummy, 104..Aker 2 3 3 2 0
Time. 1:41. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
CochiEe 106, Osmon 107 and Treachery 109 a.so
ran.
Sausallto odds— Even, 3 to 1 and 2% to 1.
Track odds— Even, 3 to 1 and 3 to L
•Favorite.
Sixth race, selling. Feven furlongs:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. Vi. %. %. Str. Fin.
•Primate, 105 Thorpe 0 0 0 3 Ui
Bryan 107. . . . ...McNlchols 3 3 3 0 2
Official, 99 J- Keiff 0 0 0 0 3
E Holmes. 99.. .. J. Woods 1 1 2 1 2h 0
Lone Princess, 101. Everett 2 2 lh lh 0
Time, 1:2814. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
•Libertine 117, Don Quixote 105 and Nat P
112 also ran.
Pausalito odds— 2M. to 1, 12 to 1 and B to L
Track odds— l 3to 5, 20 to 1 and 6to t
•Equal favorites. _
Winners at Windsor.
DETROIT. Aug. 11.— Weather cloudy: track
fast at Windsor. First rwce. six furlongs-
Utopia won, Deyo second, Annie Lauretta
third. Time, 1:14%.
Second ra^e, five furlongs— Rena Campbell
won, Duty second. Fanny Taylor third. Time,
Third race, one mile — Red Monk won. Old
Saugus second, Tusculum third. Time, 1:41.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs-Ocie
Brooks won. Salvarse second, Pellmell II third.
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles— Mirth
won. Bagpipe second, Judge Quigley third.
T sTx e th l ral'e: mile and a furlong-Kitty B won.
Pearl secftid, Key del Mar third. Time. 1:84&.
Torsida Wins the Daly Stakes.
ANACONDA. Mont., Aug. 11. -First race,
three furlongs, handicap— Ttttler won. Red S
second, Clare N third. Time. :36Mi.
Second vace, selling, six and a half furlongs—
New Moon won. Negligence second, Mike Rice
Third race.' five' 'furlongs— Ventoro won, Larve
second, Ray Hooker third. Time. 1:05
Fourth race, Daly stakes. $20f-0. mile and an
eighth— Torsida won. Los Prietoa Becond, Black
Cap third. Time. 1:B8H.
' Fifth race, four hurdles, one mile and a fur
lon*— J O C won. Lord Chesterfield second.
Viking third. Time. !:«?%.
Sixth race, six furlongs— Hermanita won, Ida
H second, Rossmore third. Time, 1:19.
WANDERERS LOSE
TO THE ORIOLES
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pot.
Cincinnati ..60 35 .G.'.O Plttsburg ...50 44 .532
Boston 61 35 .€35 Philadelphia 43 49 .473
Cleveland ..59 36 .6211 Brooklyn 36 57 .357
Baltimore ...53 38 .SS2;LouIHV!Me ...37 61 .378
Chicago 55 44 .?>(>?>• Washington 33 61 .351
New Y0rk. ..53 43 .552 St. Loulß 28 70 .286
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— The Brooklyns
and Chicagos were scheduled to play two
games to-day, but as the first game was
continued for fourteen innings, the sec
ond game was called off. The Chicagns
won out in the fourteenth inning by bunt
hits by Mertes, Connor and Donahue. At
tendance, 1600. Bcore:
Club*- R- H- E.
Brooklyn 2 W 2
Chicago 3 1° s
Batteries — Dunn and J. Ryan; Woods and
Donahue. Umpires— Swartwood and Warner.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 11.— The Sena
tors showed more ability to-day than for
some time, and both games were im
provements on what has been done here
tofore. The pitchers won two games.
Attendance, 1200. Score:
<-lubs- R- H. E.
Washington 3 7 2
New York 6 12 1
Batteries— Dinneen and McQulre; Seymour
and Grady and Warner.
Score, second game:
Clubs^- R- H. E.
Washington 1 11 1
New York - * * \
Batteries— Killen ami McGulre; Doheny and
Warner. Umpires— Gaffney and Brown.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 11.— Baltimore
and Cleveland played another transferred
game here to-day, the Orioles winning
easily. Attendance, 1200. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
Baltimore 7 13 2
Cleveland 14 4
Batteries— Maul and Robinson; Powell and
O'Connor. Umpires— Lynch and Andrews.
Suicide at San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 11.— A younp man
namwl Delnney, the purser's steward on
the Santa Rosa, who was left behind by
that steamer last night on her trip north,
committed suicide at noon to-day by
shooting himself in the White Squadron
Saloon.
Influences of the war on politics
discussed by prominent people in
next Sunday's Call,
THE BAN FRAKCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, AUGUST 12, 1898.
SHERIFF WILL
STOP THE FIGHT
Corbett and McCoy May
Not Meet.
KILGALLON GIVES WARNING
NOTE READ AT A CONCLAVE OF
MINISTERS.
Proposed Contest Shall Not Take
Place in Erie County While
He Continues in the
Shrievalty.
{Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
BUFFALO, N. V., Aug. 11.— At an
interdenominational meeting of min
isters held here to-day to take action
to prevent tho fight between McCoy and
Corbett, the following letter from the
Sheriff was read by Bishop Quigley.:
"Tour letter just to hand. I will not
allow a prizefight In this county. This
has always been my stand. As I un
derstand the facts the proposed con
test is a prizefight, bo therefore it will
not take place in our county while I
am Sheriff.
"ANDREW KILGAL-LON."
Since the Horton law legalised box
ing contests In the State of New York
there Defer haa be< n such a rush for
scats at a fistic exhibit inn as is now
coming in dally to the Hawthorne
Athletic Club officials. To-day over
$6000 was received for Beats alone,
while scores of applicants for seats
were turned down, the memb rshlp ap
pllcatlon not being inclosed. Every foot
of the lumber to be used in the build
ing is on the ground an<l the contract
ive received first payment in the
shape of a check for $3000.
SIR THOMAS UPTON'S
CHALLENGE ACCEPTED
New York Yacht Club Expresses Its
Readiness to Defend the
America Cup.
NEW YORK, Aur. 11.— The New York
Yacht Club at a special meeting to
night voted to accent the challenge of
the Royal Ulster Yacht Club to race for
the America cup. A committee was ap
d to select the yacht to represent
the club, to arrange the date and place
for the race, and all the other details.
LONDON, Aug. 11. -Mr. J. S. V. Od
die, on behalf of the New York Yacht
dub, acknowledging the receipt of Sir
Thomas Upton's challenge for the
America cup, forwarded through the
Royal Ulster Yacht Club, pays:
"The purport ol your cable Is most
agreeable, and will be considered as soon
meeting can be appointed. Your
committee will be warm':;, welcomed.
Hon Charles Russell, representing Sir
Thomas Lipton, sailed to-day i^r Can
ada, whence he will proceed to New York
City In connection with tho challenge.
GAMBLING CHECKED AT
HAWTHORNE TRACK
CHICAGO, An?. IL— Gambling at Haw
thorne race track ceased suddenly to-day
by order of Judge Burke of tho Circuit
Court, who Issued ;in injunction restrain
ing the officers of the Chicago Racing As
sociation from permitting pool-selling or
bookmaklng at the course John Brenock
and J. C. Burke secured the order as the
latesi and mosi effective move in the race
track war. They charged that their inter
ior in the property as stockholders of .tho
corporation was endangered by repeaud
violations of the gambling Laws, and »<•>•
m.ik.- affidavit to support their contention
that wagers on horse racing were bt-ing
laid at the Hawthorne track.
Fort Wayne Trots and Paces.
FORT WAYNE, tod., Aug. 11.—To-day's
grand circuit races wore devoid of sensa
tional performances. Summaries:
214 pace, parse Wooo—Ajrwrtta won second,
third and fourth heats. Time. 2:05%. 2:10. 2:09.
Bell Wood won first heat in 2:07H- Anne Lee
third. Harry Omar. Fa!rvlu\v and Mcßrlde
alp" started.
2io trot, purse $2000— Tommy Britton won in
FtralKia beat*.. Time. 2:o'..V*. 2:l2Vi. 2:10. Pilot
.. Oratorio third. Little Kdgar and
Rilma also started.
2:05 pace, purse Jir.OO—Franlc Bogash won
first, second and fourth heats. Time. 2:08,
Aimanias won third heat In 2:08.
Bumps third.
MAIL SERVICE THROUGH
THE YUKON COUNTRY
Magnitude of the Contract Which a
Seattle Man Has Undertaken
to Carry Out.
WASHINGTON, Aug. il.— The Post
office Department has not re
ceived reports on its newly established
mall routes in Alaska, but is not sur
prised that advices have not come. The
contract is with P. C. Richardson of
Seattle, and the service did not begin
until July 1. It will be seen, there
fore, that a report on the service could
scarcely be expected so soon. The con
tract provides for two round trips a
month from Juneau over the Chilkoot
Pass to Dawson and Circle City, and
thence down the Yukon to Waare City,
at the junction of the Tukon and To
nana rivers. From Weare City down
the Yukon to St. Michael a monthly
service only is required. It is pre
sumed the contractor began the ser
vice simultaneously from St. Michael
and Juneau, so that a monthly mail will
be carried from St. Michael up to
Weare City. Thence the service up
the Yukon to Circle City and Dawson
and down to Juneau is to be bi-month
ly. Nothing but letters and light
packages are to be handled, the con
tractor agreeing to provide dog trains
and reindeer and such other methods
of transportation as the exigencies may
require for pood service. He is also
required to establish intermediate sta
tions. The contract is made for four
years and costs annually $78,000.
It is likely a report on this service
is coming by mail, but should the Post
office Department find that the mails
are not being properly carried a tem
porary service will be ™ut on to ac
commodate the people along these 2500
miles.
Inspector Clum of the fourth assist
ant's office has recently returned from
Alaska, where he arranged for the es
tablishment of seven postal stations
along the Yukon. In addition to this
service the Postottice Department has
a contract for four trips by steamer
during the summer months, from Ju
neau to St. Michael and thence to
Weare City. Newspapers and other
heavier mall matter are to be carried
by Bteamer.
An idea of the proportions of this
service may be had from the fact that
the contract provided for a ton and a
half of mail matter on each trip,
whereas the first steamer to St. Mi
chael carried three and a quarter tons.
Senator Teller of Colorado writes
about the dangers of the new trada
in the Orient in next Sunday's Call.
BAD SPILL AT THE
NATIONAL MEET
Four Cyclists Go Down
in a Heap.
GARDINER BADLY BRUISED
KNOCKED OUT OF THE GREAT
AMERICAN HANDICAP.
Continued Record-Breaking and Sen
sational Finishes Mark the
Second Day of the
Racing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 11.— More
record breaking and more sensational
finishes marked the second day of the
national meet of the League of Ameri
can Wheelmen. One serious accident
knocked Arthur Gardiner out of the
final of the Great American 51000
handicap race, and nearly placed
plucky "Bill" Martin hors de combat.
This happened at the close of the sec
ond heat of the contest. Martin was
at the front of the bunch and appar
ently a winner, when he slipped over
the pole and slid along the track. Gar
diner went over him, Ed Stevens fol
lowed and then Lou Coburn went down
in the heap. Cooper and Me Far land
were In the finish, but escaped from a
spill, Cooper dismounting from his
wheel, as white as the wheel itself.
Gardiner could not ride in the great
final, but Martin did ride to show his
pluck. From sixty yards he gained
fourth, leading the back bunch over the
tape.
Bald, Freeman, Becker and Cooper
followed Martin, who took hia hands
off the bars and sat up to relieve his
poor strained back as he made his
finish. After circling the track part
way he dismounted, for he could ride
no further. Martin was the hero of the
meet, for he came out to ride as badly
a cut up and jarred man as has been
seen on the track this year.
Fred Costello, the St. Louis ama
teur, who qualified to-day for the great
live-mile amateur championship, took
the handicap, with Maya of Erie, sec
ond, and L. R. Hall, Philadelphia,
third. This same trio ma»»jhe hack
mark men look foolish in their third
heat by working together.
Owing to the withdrawal of Gardi
ner, Bald went from scratch alone, his
great rival, Cooper, having twenty
yards. The race was a pretty one, hut
the generosity of the handicapper to
ward the ex-amateur, who has beaten
Peabody, in giving him 250 yards, en
abled the limit ln-^n to prevail and to
prevent the back men closing in the
time they had cut out. TJald finished
fifth in 4:09, a new handicap record by
nine and four-fifths seconds. He broke
it also in the heat, doing It in 4:15 2-5
very handily. The new rule allowing
handicap records in a class by them-
Belves Is the explanation of why these
urii handicap records.
Gardiner and Martin were not the
only big men to fall, as Collett, the New
Haven amateur, fell in the five-mile
championship through the foul riding
of C. S. Porter, the Detroit amateur.
Porter was disqualified for the meet
and censured by the chairman. <'<>!
lett, however, took the quarter-mile
championship, his third win in the
championship contests, and with his
partner he made It four by cleverly
winning the handicap championship for
tandem teams at the mile distance.
Earl \V. Peabody, the Chicago amateur,
took the five-mile championship by a
good clean-cut win, and Ertz and
Kraemer followed him across the tape.
It was the Eddie Bald of old that
shot into the lead in the final of the
half-mile national championship, his
first win of a championship race at a
national meet since 1895, the start of
his career. Gardiner claimed to have
been crowded over the pole by MeFar
land, who took necond to Bald, with
Freeman third and Cooper fourth, and
protested the Californian to the chair
man of the racing board. The protest
was not allowed.
As a close to the great day of sport,
Harry Gibson did a mile, paced, in
1:45 3-5, the quarter in :26 2-5. half in
:53 2-5, and the three-quarters In
1:19 3-5. He was paced poorly by a
triplet and a quad.
Summaries of the afternoon races were
as follows:
Quarter mile, national championship, semi
final- K. C. Hausninn flrst, B. L. Kraemer,
Newark, second. Time, :32 4-5. Last eighth,
12 1-5. Also ran: J. P. Rogers, Philadelphia,
and C. S. iv.rter. Detroit,
Perni-flnal— George Hchnfleld, Brooklyn, first;
Edward Llewellyn, Chicago, «second. Time,
:i> 8-6. Last eighth. :13 3-a.
Final heaj G. EL <'<'!lett. New Haven, first,
K. C. HMuman, New Haven, second, Edward
Llewellyn. Chicago, third. Time. :31 3-5. Last
eighth, :13 3-5. Aluo ran: Kraemer.
Beml-flnal. half mile, professional, national
championship, final heat— McFarland. San Jose,
first, Cooper, Detroit, second, Major Taylor,
Indianapolis, third. Time, 1:02 3-5. Last
eighth. In :M 3-5.
Second beat— Bald, Buffalo, first, Gardiner,
Chicago, second, Freeman. Portland, thjrd.
Time. 1:01 8-6. Also ran in order "numed: EM
Stevens. Buffalo, John S. Johnson. Minneapolis,
Joe Verner, Philadelphia. Last eighth in
:12 3-5.
Final heat— Bald first, McFarland second,
Freeman third, Cooper fourth, Gardiner fifth.
Time, 1:00 3-5.
One mile tandem, championship, amateur—
Haunmun and Collett, New Haven, first. Pea
body and Llewellyn. Chicago, second, Krtz and
Kraemer third. Time, 2:05.
The great American handicap, distance two
miles, for purse of $1000 divided, $&00 to first,
$200 to second, $75 to third. $25 to fourth and
special prizes for the heat to make the bal
ance. First heat— Bald 'scratch) first. H. B.
Freeman (20 yards) second, Baton (40 yards)
third. Oldfield (100 yards) fourth. McCarthy
St. Louis (SO yards) fifth. Time. 4:15 2-5
(world's record). Also ran: Tom Butler (60
yards), Mertens (80 yards). Fisher <100 yards)
Bird <12." yards). Coburn (140 yards), Davis
(160 van Is). Stevens (175 yards), Vannest (200
yards). Hall (250 yards).
Bacond heat — Gardiner (scratch), first; Tom
Cooper (2n yards), second: Martin (60 yards)
third; McFarland (40 yards), fourth; Ed Stev
ens. Buffalo (125 yards) and W. E. Becker (80
yards), dead heat for fifth. Tlmi\ 4:19 I-.".
Also ran: Cabanne (60 yards); Klmble iso
yards); PcmtßCh, Memphis (100 yards); Gadko
C 12.". yards); Dougherty, Ht. Louis (140 yards);
Lnvin. Chicago (ISO yards); Lou Coburn (175
yards); Mas, Milwaukee (175 yards); Wine (200
yards): I'hilltps <2. r >o yards*).
Third heat— Otto Maya <2.V) yards), first; Cos
tf-110 (225 yards), second, turned professional
to ride in this race; L. B. Hall, Philadelphia
(275 yards), third: L. O. Watson, ladlanapolla
(ISO yards), fourth; G. Willey (125 yards),
fifth. Time. 4:07 3-5. Also ran: Major Taylor
(scratrh); John J. Johnson (20 yards); O." L.
St( vena (40 yards); Nat Butler (60 yards); Hau
ler. Chicago (80 yards); Hadflold (SO yards);
Aker (100 yards); Brown, Chicago ■ 12^ yards);
Vernier (140 yards); Meirstein, Sioux City (17".
yards); McKeen, wnt-nvllle, Ohio (200 yards).
Final heat— F. J. Costello. St. Louis (225
yards), first; Otto Mayn. Brie. Pa., (250 yards),
:. I. S Hail, I'Hlndelphia (275 yard.-,..
third; "Plugger" 11111 Martin, IxDwell (60
yards), fourth: Kddie Bald (scratch), fifth; H.
B. Freeman. Portland, Or., (20 yards), sixth;
Becker (80 yards), seventh; Cooper (20 yards),
eighth. Time of race. 4:06 1-5. Time of Bald,
4:09, new championship record.
Five-mile national championship nmateur^-
Peabody, Chicago, first; Dirts, New York, sec
ond: Kraemer. Newark, third; Rodgers, Phil
adelphia, fourth.
Final, one mile amateur handicap — C. V.
Brown (1215 yards), won; J. W. Donnell (100
yards), second; Herbert Zeegler UOO yards),
third. Time, 2:05.
Bret Harte begins a new story in
next Sunday's Call.
The Yale Sails for Santiago.
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— The auxiliary
cruiser Yale, with the Eighth Illinois Vol
unteers and a number of nurses on board,
sailed for Santiago this afternoon.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Strengthens the
entire system-
Body, Brain and
■^te^ Nerves- Relieves 1
*y|g Stomach Trou-
tygO bles.
(MARIANI WINS)
No other preparation has ever
received so many voluntary tes-
timonials from eminent people
as the world-famous Mariani
Wine.
Gives Appetite.
Produces Refreshing . Sleep.
M SAFEGUARD
AGAINST . . .
Mental Diseases.
For overworked men, delicate
women, sickly children this
healthful, invigorating and
Btimulatiug tonic has no equal.
DOSE— A small wine glass full three times a
day.
All Druggists. Avoid Substitutions.
To those who Trill kindly write to MARIANI
& CO.. 62 West Fifteenth street. New fork
City, will be sent, free, book containing por- ;
traits with indorsements of Emperors, Em-
press, Princes. Cardinals, Archbishops and
other Interesting matter.
Paris — 41 Boulevard Haussrnann; London — SJ
Mortimer St.; Montreal— 2S-30 Hospital st.
• Dear Madam:
Your grocer is authorized
to pay you back your money
if you don't like Schilling's
Best baking powder.
No questions asked.
San Francisco A Schilling & Company
49
A SUFFERER FROM THE
HEAT,
who perspires freely, will bo surprised
when he notes how much longer the
linen done up here keeps fresh and cool
when the thermometer is on the ram-
page, than that they have ever worn
before. Our hot weather laundry work
Is "done up" for keeps, and you save
money by having it done here.
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420.
DR. PIERCES BELT
ii .*£*■/, \f\\t d . WILL CURE WHEN
&s£ir\&gr&>&Z&> everything else falls.
jrfvSSN^L^BpX^ Letters like the follow-
PSy^^l^p^T^T^v^ ln are arriving daily:
Br?T7tei\i&«~-T*tfW MONTKOSE Colo.,
«*s**#^^St^f^ DR. PIERCE & SON—
*TM<2 aSsS*— WV^ Gentlemen: For the
• ifvSf* benefit of others I desire
"bgf.i to say that I am 52 years
v\* old; have been In the
mines for 25 years, where I contracted my dis-
ease. I have been doctoring for about 8 years
and have been to different hot springs without
much benefit. My disease Is rheumatism and
neuralgia, liver and stomach troubles and spinal
disease. Was almost paralyzed, and my blood
was poisoned. I contracted these diseases by
working In lead ores and In foul air in the
mines. I received your Electric Belt and Spinal
Appliance about 5 months ago, and from the I
great benefit I have already received I think I
will soon be A WELL MAN. I was then suffer-
ing with pains day and night, with swelling of j
the joints and poor circulation of the blood; but j
I am now ever so much benefited by using your j
Belt and Appliance. I am, yours respectfully,
CHRIS JOHNSON, j
G^rße sure you buy no belt till you see Dr.
Pierce' 8. Address or call on the
PIERCE ELECTRIC • CO.,
620 Market Street. Opposite Palace Hotel, San
Francisco.
_____ . -j ; ■ ■ ,
If anything ails your Skin, Scalp, Complexion :
or Hair, call on or write Dermatologist JOHN
11. WOODIiURY, 127 West Forty-second St., .
New York. Consultation free ;■ charges moder-
ate. . Use "Woodbury's Facial Soap, Facial
Cream, Facial Powder, and Dental Cream; sold
everywhere, 25c each.
poe>ooooooooooooooQ
S w PALACE *•"•!
%CRAND -.aoTBLSQ
" BAH FRANCISCO. q
" Connected by a covered passageway. _
O 1400 Rooms-900 With Bath Attached. **
O All Under On« Management. O
£ NOTE THE PRICES: O
_ European Flan.Sl.OO per day and upward — \
V American Plan.s3.OO per day and upward
0 Correspondence Solicited. Q
A JOSH 0. KIR-PATHICE. Mas.ger. Q
8)0X11 0. lIRKPATP.ICS. U&osgtt. Q
O O 00000000 O
Munyon's Headache and indigestion Cure
is the only remedy on the market that
will cure every form of Headache in 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be in every home and
every traveler's pripsack. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures, 25c. •__
DR. MCNULTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
Speci-llsteure«Priv_te,Nervous,liloodandskln
Diseases of Men only. Book on. Private Diseases
and WeaknessesofMen.free. Ovpr2oycars' experi-
ence. Patients cared at Home. Terms reasonable.
Hour*9to3 dally ;6:3otoB:3oev'gß. Sundays. 10 to 12.
Cousultution sacredly private. Call, or address
I>r. P. KO B CO 13 Mc.X CLTY,
26}_ liearny St., Ssaa Francisco, Cal. ;
1
Subscribers camping at localities along the line of railroads
where there are no postal facilities can have The Call
thrown off at their camp by sending name and location
of camp to The Call Subscription Department.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS,
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
New and Commodious Hotel,
Elegantly Furnished,
Lighted by Electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY THE WATERS
: AT HIGHLAND SPRINGS.
FINEST SWIMMING TANK IN LAKE COUNTY. .
This resort has no rival in variety and me-
dicinal properties of its Mineral Waters, its in-
vigorating Plunge, Hot or Cold Mineral Baths.
Climate or Scenery.. • .. „
Physician in attendance. Deer and Small
Game plentiful. ■ •• . i-
TABLE UNSURPASSED.
Reached by the Shortest Stage Route into
Lake County. Round-trip fare from San Fran-
cisco, via Hopland, $^; via Calistoga, $9. Fall
season hotel rates. $10 and $12 • per week. ,
Fur further Information address
HIGHLAND SPRINGS, Lake Co., Cal.
■ Or see. in San Francisco,
L. D. CRAIG, « l« Montgomery St.
m. c ,c SANTA • .
'^^\ CATALINA
America's greatest field for health and pleas-
ure. Most phenomenal rod and reel fishing in
the world. The wonderful Marine Gardens;
the great stage ride; delightful coast excur-
sions; novel outdoor sports: dancing; pyrotech-
nics; water carnivals, etc. THE FAMOUS
MARINE BAND a- splendid ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL METROPOLE,
Always open; modern appointments; efficient
management.
ISLAND VILLA,
Open July 1. Splendid arrangement for
campers. . . .
Full Information, rates, illustrated, pamphlets,
Wilmington Transportation Company,
222 South Spring at. Loa Angeles, Cal. .
PACIFIC
CONGRESS SPRINGS
Santa Clara County, -
Three hours from San Francisco, via • Los
Gatos; 6 months roundtrlp ticket, 14, or via
Santa Clara. $3 50. New swimming tan*, : 180x75
feet, and other Improvements.
Hot and cold- mineral baths. ; . • .
Climate, scenery and location une<;ualed,
JOHN* S. MATHB6ON*. Manager.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc. g
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
Tepid Swimming Laße.' Long-distance Tele-
phone, Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
I Terms, $10 arid $15 per week: $2 and $2 50 per
j day. R. M. HORTON. proprietor.
01/ A P 0 HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma Co.
UllliX Inly 4% hours from S. F. and
UllfiUUV but 9 miles staging: waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
in State; telephone; telegraph; daily mall;
FIRST-CLASS SERVICE; morning and after-
noon stages; round trip from B. F. only $5 50;
take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a m. or 3:30 p. m.
Terms, $2 a day or $12 a week. Reference any
guest of the past three years.. J. F. 111.L-
GREW, Proprietor. ■?■
tno ttttt Trn^ WARM SPRINGS.
LUb uUIJ-IbUO Kenwood, Sonoma Co.,
On the bank of Sonoma Creek. An unrivaled
place for quiet rest. arm sulphur -baths.
Fine swimming pool. Grand old oaks and other
natural attractions. Cheap fare. Liberal table.
Terms, $1 per day. School vacation being over,
can accommodate a few select people in tent or
fFIfattSSSStS P ad ni p - i_:
ternal Revenue Office, city.
wjr m_, r a r*rv SPRINGS.
HfiWAnl) putah p. a,
ilVf TT M __zf -AXE CQUNV H
! Accommodations unsurpassed. -•.;;■
Rates $B,' slo and $12. Special, terms to fam-
ilies Postofflce' and' telephone.
Round trip, $10. Southern Pacific . office, 613
Market street. . MRS.!' R. J. BETSBY.
Address MRS. R. J. BET3BY.
-
I . ■ . ' . ' . ' ■$'■ I
•Farmer: This is the third time since Spring you "^
have lost your time because you don't feel
■ well enough to work. If you will buy
some Ripans Tabules and take one at
night, or one after each' meal for a day
or two, you'll be all right, and stay so,
too, if you take one when you notice that
; you begin to feel bad I don't use a
- dozen a year, but I always keep them itk j
the house. - /.• ■
El Paso de Robles Springs Hotel,
PASO DE ROBLES, CALIFORNIA.
OTTO E. NEVER .....Proprietor
UNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED
MANAGEMENT.
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURS
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
HOT MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS,
! SODA SPRINO3.
IRON SPRINOS.
NEW HOTEL AND COTTAGES.
PAID ORCHESTRA.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
MARK WEST SPRINGS
The most picturesque resort In California. Hal
the only grapevine arbor in the State; a va-
riety of mineral springs, such as Soda, Sul-
phur, Magnesia. Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath:
swimming pool; billiards, shuffle-board, croquet
and other games. Accommodations first class;
table good. Round trip. $3 76. Stage tneet«
morning trains and Saturday evening. Terms
*!' to $12. per week. Address FRESE & JUER-
GENSEN.
FREE FROM FOGS AND COLD WINDS-
CAMP MEEKER L^t .*_£££
the Giant Redwoods of Sonoma County. Boat-
Ing, bathing and tent grounds free; fine fish-
ing; climate perfect. : Board and lodging, $5 50
and $6; unfurnished rooms, $1 per week. Train
stops at camp. Via Sausalito ferry, round trip,
$3; good for ninety days. . ■ _
CARLSBAD
MINERAL SPRINGS.
MOST BEAUTIFUL SPOT IN LAKE COUNTY.
Waters unsurpassed for STOMACH. LIVER.
KIDNEY and BLADDER affections. Round-
trip ticket direct to Carlsbad Springs. Lako
County, via S. F. and N. P. R. R., $9. Terms.
$S to $10 per week. . • •■■■•
- • W. R. MeGOVERN, Proprietor.
m/| \ nDOIVF MINERAL SPRINGS.
iTI/ALJIvUIIL. Santa Clara • County, a,
first-class mountain health resort... Elevation,
2200 "f?et. Cures asthma. indigestion and kid-
ney ' troubles. Terms. $9 and $10 per week.
Stage connects with morning trains at Madron*
Monday, Wednesday and Saturday.
JAMES CARTER. Manager.
SUMMIT SODA
SPRINGS.
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation, 6009 feet.
Dally mail. Telephone connections. New ac-
commodations. Open June 1. Address GOUIj»
DEN & JACOBS, Ppnner. Placer Co., Cal.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious climate; pic-
turesque scenery; mountain walks; pure
spring water; beautiful drives; pine groves;
lawns and gardens. The best advantages for
those who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture in a short time. Address St.
.Helena Sanitarium, St. Helena. Cal. ■
HOTEL EL BONITO.
DUNCAN'S MILLS, Sonoma County. Open
all' year; N. P. R. R. ; best boating, fishing,
bathing on Russian River. Fine walks, drives.
croquet, billiards, etc; excellent table. Terms,
IS to $12 a week. PETER SICKELS, Proprie-
tor, or I. E. THAYER, 28 California street.
SPRING VALE RANCH. '
Santa Cruz Mountains. Pleasure and health
resort. Delightful walks through redwood can-
yons. Hunting and fishing. Fresh fruit. Tahla
flrst-clas3. Free bus. Write for pamphlet.
WHITCOMB CO., Soquel. Cal.
gm^ WONG WOO,
P^W CHINESE TEA AND HERB
fejP a. '■ \ ,". 'l SANITARIUM,
\jFv4. 761-60 CLAY ST., Baa Francises, Oil
BmWV AH diseases cured exclu«lv9>
WifVmfm^ ly by Chinese herbs, over 300«
fff.& '..? -<WK+ varieties bein« used. ADVICE
FREE. Hours. l:*0 to 11 a» m., 1 to I ao4 1t«
i p. . m.SUTRO'S WILL
IS READ TO
HIS CHILDREN
The "Heights" and Magnificent
Library Are Not Bequeathed
to the City.
Mrs. Kluge, the Alleged Widow, Must Fight
for Any Share She May Get From
the Estate.
The will of the late Adolph Sutro was j
opened by the legal advisers of the mil- ,
lionaire's children In the parlor of the
family residence at Sutro Heights yes- j
terday morning. In addition to Attor
• neys Reuben A. Lloyd and E. W. Me- i
Klnstry there were present Edgar Sutro, j
' Charles Sutro, Miss Clara Sutro, Dr. j
. Emma Laura Merritt and Mrs. P. A. j
Morbio, children of decedent.
. • The testament was found in Mr. Su- ;
tro's private safe in his office on Mont- I
' gomery and Washington streets. It had i
•yellowed with age, having been executed
in 1882. The Sutro Heights property and i
■the great library are not deeded to the j
city, as It was expected by many that i
they would be. The library was not in j
' existence as an entirety at the time the j
" -will was drawn.
The various members of the Sutro fam
ily, hfs own children and those of his
brothers and sisters, have all been liber- ]
ally provided for. Prominent members
. of the House of Representatives of 1870 j
are remembered in recognition of the po
sition taken by them in behalf of the ,
dead man.
' The will is naturally silent on the
claims of Mrs. Kluge, who. it Is affirmed,
Will claim the widow's share of the vast j
estate. Edgar Sutro is authority for the j
statement that the relations of the va- !
■ rious parties at Interest are of an arnic- j
ble character and that no contest is ex- j
pected over the distribution of the es
tate On the other hand persons in a ,
position to know claim that the chil
dren do not take kindly to the appoint
ment of W. H. R. Adamson as joint ex
ecutor with Dr. Emma Merritt. Some
opposition is expected to develop on that
score. The will in its entirety reads:
I. Adolph Sutro, do hereby make, publish and
declare the following as and to be my »ast
■ will and testament:
Subject to the directions, limitation* and con
ditions hereinafter contained, I give, devise and
bequeath to the parties, purposes and objects
hereinafter namea and specified, as follows, 10
wit* Unto my dear mother, Rosa. Sutro, the
Into my dear mother. Rosa Sutro, the
cum of ten thousand dollars (*10,000), in case
S H. Sl Unto my sisters, Julia Jordan of the city
of New York, Emma Hoepfner of the same
place and Eliza Schuecking of the city Bal
timore, Md., and their heirs the sum of thirty
tnousand dollars UikM-OO) each.
11l Unto my brotners. Sail Sutro and Lewis
Sutro oi the city of lew York, and Otto sutru
of the city of Baltimore, and their heirs, me
sum or ten thousand dollars ($1O,UOO) each.
IV. Unto my brother, Kmil Sutro of the city
" of Baltimore, lid., and his heirs, the sum of
twenty thousand dollars ($20,000).
V. Unto my brother, Hugo Sutro, at present
residing in Europe, and his heirs, the sum of
thirty thousand dollars ($30,000.). '
VI. Unto my, youngest brother, Theodore,
th- attorney-at-law. the sum of one dollar (*1).
VII Unto my cousins, Guetav Sutro, Charles
Sutro and Kmil Sutro, all Of the city of San
'Francisco, California, the sum of five thousand j
dO v'm S my coasts, Albert Sutro of the
city of San Francisco, Cal., the sum of ten
■ thousand dollars ($10,000).
' IX. Unto mv cousin. Dr. Sigismund Sutro
of London, England, the sum of five thousand
X Unto my nieces. Louise Drest of the city .
ot Boston. Mass.; Dorothea Sutro, Alice butro. :
•Louisa Sutro, Laura Sutro. Cora Jordan and
Harriet Jordan of the city of New York; Lucia <
Sutr'o, Rosebud Sutro, Ottllle Sutro and Ottille ,
fcchuecking of the city of Baltimore, Md., the I
■sum of live thousand dollars ($5000) each. |
- XI. Unto my nephews, Charles Drest and
Gu£sie Drest of the city of Boston, Mass.;
'■Victor Sutro, Harry Sutro, Frederick Sutro
and Walter Hoepfner of the city of New York;
Alfred Sutro, Paul Sutro. Theodore Schueck
. ing and Beiine Schuecklng of the city of Bal
•ttinrre, Mi, the sum of twenty-five hundred
■ dollars ($25-Ai) each. T ..
XII. Unto the children of my cousin. Julia
Loewenberg of San Francisco, Cal., that Is to
• Fay to her eldest daughter, should she sur
. vive me and to her sons, Robert Loewenberg,
"Willie Loewenberg. Eddie Loewenberg and
.George wenoerK, the sum of twenty-five
• hundred dollars ($2600) each.
XIII. Unto my cousin, Julia Loewenberg of
Ban Francisco, should she survive me, the sum
of live thousand dollars ($5ooO). ■■ i.^,V
XIV. Unto my cousins and their children
and grandchildren, descendants of my father's
brothers and sisters, who are enumerated in
the family tree, prepared within the last year
""by my daughter Katie, and who are not al
ready provided for in this will, the Bum of
five hundred dollars ($500) each.
XV. Unto my friend, Elliott J. Moore of
San Francisco, Cai.. should he survive me, the
■ sum of twenty thousand dollars ($20,000).
XVI Unto Henry L. Forsman. now in San
Francisco, formerly of Albany, N. V., should
be survive me, the sum of five thousand dol
lars ($^000).
XVII. Unto Dr. Felix Adler of the city of
New York, for his own private use, the sum
of five thousand dollars ($6000). ,
XVIII. Unto Miss Hattle Trundle of Wash
j ington D. C, heretofore known as Mrs. George
Allen, the sum of fifty thousand dollars (S6O,-
C«jO). as a reparation, as far as it may be
possible, for the injury done her by a scan
dalous charge, falsely and maliciously, at Vir
ginia City State of Nevada, in the month of
July, IVT9, then and there brought against her.
XIX. Unto Judge Solomon Heydenfeldt of
■San Francisco the sum of five thousand dol
lars <$.%00) to be divided, after his decease,
equally between his children, whether they be
'legitimate or not.
•XX Unto the Hon. William D. Kelley of
Pennsylvania. Judge Orange Ferris of New
York Governor Austin Blair of Michigan,
Judge Woodward of Pennsylvania, Michael G.
Kerr of Indiana, Biggs of Delaware, Strick
land Of Michigan and J. Proctor Knott of Ken
" tucky ail members of the House of Representa
tives In the year IS7O, or to their heirs if d.*
ceased, the sum of three' thousand dollars
($3000) each, as a recognition of the disinter
ested arid honorable position taken in my be
half on the floor of the House of Representa
tives of toe United States.
XXI. Unto Frank S. Young of Washington.
D. C. formerly my private secretary, the sum
of two thousand dollars ($2000).
• ' XXII. Unto Vassar College of Poughkeepsle.
■ State of ' New "York, for the endowment of two
scholarships, the sum of ten thousand dollars
' rsio.ooo) . : . ■• • • • _
XXIIL. Unto my daughter, Emma L. Sutro.
• all the books, papers.- scrapbooks, manuscripts
and pictures contained In my. library; also all
private papers, letters, accounts and •ac
count-books, and. all other written papers,
whether contained in my desk,- safes or sail
deposit -vault or elsewhere.
XXIV I rive, devise and bequeath ten
•■ thousand dollars . (?10.000) ' to each of my chll
dren, to be paid out of the first moneys real
-\t.p<\ from my estate, and also, after nil be
quests herein made an? satisfied, the rest, resi
due and remainder of my estate, real,' per-
Fori.-vl or nixed and wherever" situate, to my
. beloved children, Emma Laura Sutro, Rosa-
Victoria Sutro, Katie Sutro, - Charles Walter
Sutrn. Bdgaj i:rn;inuPl Sutro and Clara Ange
lina Hutfn, in equal proportions and share and
. phare alike, excepting therefrom those portions
of my real .>',•!(>• situate In the city and
county of Kan Francisco. SfSte of California,
marked herein and numbered as I and II and
next hereinafter described, to wit:
I. That portion of my real estate consisting
••of the southern portion of my Interest and
ownership In the San Miguel Rancho. consist-
Ing Of about eleven hundred and fifty (1150)
res, described a> follows, to wit:
Urst— Commenrtns» at a point on the north
erly line of the Ocean House road, said point
beinff the ithweeUrly corner of the Industrial.
School lot. running thence south 89% degrees
wpFt 40 chain*, thenoe north % degrees west
87 3-.-100 chains, thence north gay degrees east
40 chains and half a link to fence and west
. erly boundary of the Industrial School grounds
to beginning, containing one hundred and fifty
(150) acres, being a pert lon of the southwest
■ quarter of section SO, township 3 south, range
3 weft. Mount Diablo Meridian.
Second— Commencing at a point In course No. i
24 of the San Miguel Raicho. said point being
distant north IRV, degrees 27»chains and .98
■ links from Intersection post of courses Nos. 23
end 24, thence along said boundary line north
IS'i degrees east 43 chains ,nd 9 links to Alms- -
house tract, thence along southerly boundary of j
Almshousc tract due east 23 chains and 82
links, thence south 39% rietnes east ( chains
and S5 links, thence south 3s.v, degrees west
. i chains and 92 links. thence south 16^ degrees
east 2 chains and 24 links, thence south 35
degrees east 4 chains and 22 links, thence due
east 17 chains and 82 links to the easterly
boundary of the' Almshouse tnct. thence along
. laid easterly boundary of the A.lmshouae tract J
due north 8 chains and 76 links, thence due
east 6 chains and 6 links, thence due south
102 chains and 32 links, thence south S9V4 de
grees west 36 chains and 23 links, thence due
north 2 chains and 63 links, thence due east
12 chains and 2 links, thence due north 60
chains, thence due west 44 chains and 90 links
to point of commencement, being a portion of
sections 19, 24 and 30, township 2 Bouth, ranges
5 and 6 west. Mount Diablo meridian, contain- .
ing four hundred (400) acres.
Third— Commencing at the intersection of
courses 23 and 24 of the San Miguel Rancho.
thence north 16& degrees east along said
rancho boundary line 27 chains and 96 links,
thence due east 44 chains and 96 links, thence
due south 60 chains, thence due. west 55 chains
and 62 links to the ranch boun3ary line, thence
along said boundary line north 2*4 degrees west
33 chains and 5S links to place of beginning,
being portions of sections 24, 25, 19 and so.
township 2 south, ranges 6 and 6 west, Mount
Diablo meridian, containing three hundred and
fifteen (315) acres.
Excepting out of said described tract ten (10)
acres heretofore conveyed by F. L. A. Ploche
and Levi Parsons to James Glasgow by deed
dated November 1. 1564; also excepting out of
said described tract a piece of land contain
ing five (5) acres conveyed by said Floche and
L. L. Robinson to said Glasgow, December 24,
1867.
Fourth — Commencing at a point of San Mi
guel Rancho in the southwest quarter of sec
tion 30. township 2. range 3 west. Mount Di
ablo meridian, 7 chains 13 links due west from
southwest corner of the Industrial School land,
thence south 26 chains and 20 links, thence
south 30 degrees west 3 chains and 26 links to
: lands of Railroad Homestead Association,
thence" west alone the northerly line of the
lands of said Railroad Homestead Association
! 33 chains and 17 links to center of Orizaba
\ street on northerly line of lands of the City
Land Association, thence north along east line
' of lands of said City Land Association 16 chains
and S6 links to the northerly line of said
last mentioned tract, thence along said north
erly line of said last mentioned tract 35 chains
i and 14 links, thence north 19 chains and 45
links, thence east 40 chains, thence south 40
chains, thence east 32 chains and 81 links to
point of commencement, containing three hun
dred (300) acres of land, said boundaries and
description being run with a variation of 16**
degree* of the compass.
11. That portion of the Cliff House Ranch,
' bo called, situated In the city and county of
1 San Francisco, described as .follows: Com
mencing at the southwesterly corner of Point
' Lobes and Fojty-eighth (4Sth) avenues, thence
| southerly along the westerly line of Forty-
I eighth avenue nine hundred and sixteen feet
1 and eleven Inches (916 feet 11 inches), thence
due west four hundred and fifty-eight feet and
eight inches (458 feet S inches), thence due
north four and fifty-four one-hundredths (4.54)
! chains, thence due west five and thirty one
■ hundredths (5.30) chains to line of Great High
j way Reservation, thence following the east
I line of Great Highway Reservation to its in
! tersection with the east line of present Point
| Lobos road, thence northerly and easterly
i along the southerly line of said Point Loboa
; road to the westerly line of Forty-eighth ave
nue, thence southerly along the westerly line
i of Forty-eighth avenue to point of commence-
I ment, containing about twenty (20) acres and
known ac "Sutro Heights."
XXV. I will and direct that the title In fee
i of raid parcels of land marked 1 and II last'
; hereinbefore described and each thereof shall
go In trust Into the hands of my executors, to
be by them preserved and managed for and
I during the period of ten (10) years after my
: death, and then by my executors to be con
veyed in trust to the board of trustees herein
after provided for, but not to be sold or dis
posed of by any one having the charge or man
agement thereof during the life of the last sur
vivor of my children mentioned in this will,
and at the death of said last survivor, or as ■
Boon thereafter as may be deemed by the
board of trustees hereinafter mentioned for the
best interest of the trust hereinafter created
and appointed, I will and direct that the bulk
or the whole of said parcels of real estate
marked as aforesaid I and II shall be sold by
said board of trustees as speedily as possible,
but In the manner they snail deem best for
realizing the largest amount, and the funds
realized from such sales shall- be managed and
applied by said board of trustees for such char
ities, institutions of learning and science and
' for premiums to be set apart for distinguished
, scholarships and scientific discovery and in
! ventions as shall be directed by my executors;
! such directions by my said executors shall be
filed and recorded In the County Recorder's
office of the city and county of San Francisco,
State of California, within three (3) years
; after my death, and the directions so given,
: filed and recorded within the time so pre
! scribed shall be obligator}' and binding upon
' said board of trustees, and in default of said
| executors giving such directions within the
! time and in manner aforesaid, I direct that
said board of trustees at once organize and
elect proper officers for such organization, and
within twelve months thereafter designate, se
lect and appoint by resolutions entered on
I their minutes such application of the funds
realized from such sales, but strictly within
the purposes and objects herein by me men-
I tioned, as they may deem best, for record with
• said County Recorder, a copy of such resolu
tions, and my executors shall, upon a default
on their part as aforesaid, have no further
right to give such directions to said board.
XXVI. The said board of trustees shall con
sist of the Governor of the State of California,
i the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the
' State of California, the Presiding Judge of the
Superior Court of the city and county of San
Francisco, the United States Circuit Judge for
the District of California, the Mayor of the
city of San Francisco, the president of the
Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco, the
president of the board of regents of the Uni
versity of California and their successors in
office and six other members to be chosen by
the above-named officers, three from amongst
! the leading bankers of San Francisco and the
other three from amongst my male descend
ants or those of my brothers bearing the name
of Sutro: and in case of the abolishment of any
of the offices named or the reorganization of
the government or courts of the State of Cali
fornia or of the city and county government
of San Francisco, effecting a change In the
name or office or any of the officers mentioned,
the remaining trustees shall immediately pro
ceed to select officers filling positions corre
sponding thereto as near as in their Judgment
may be.
XXVII. At the end of the ten years herein
mentioned for the execution of the trust and"
duties of my executors as aforesaid, and prior
to the conveyance herein provided to be made
of said property to said board of trustees, my
executors shall obtain In writing from the of
ficers herein named to constitute part of said
board their acceptance of said trust, and also
the acceptance In like form of the six mem
bers thereof to be elected as aforesaid, and In
case any of such officers .or such members
elect shall decline, or for thirty days there
after neglect so to signify their acceptances,
such vacancy or vacancies shall be filled by
the members who have accepted out of other
Incumbents of Federal, State or county or city
officers and other persons, as the cane may be.
The acceptances and declinations herein men
tioned shall be filed in the permanent archives
of the board. , .■
XXVIII. Two-thirds of said board of trus
tees, at. any meeting thereof, shall have full
power to execute all duties of their trust, and
a majority of my executors shall have full
power to act in the discharge of their duties. ■
XXIX. In order that my executors, or. In
their default, the trustees, shall. In respect to
the directions they are authorized to give, , be
able to act more intelligently in carrying out
my instructions they shall offer In three of the
leading newspapers of San Francisco, of New
York and of London, England, by an adver
tisement, in each of said papers, and pay the
sum of fifteen hundred dollars for the best
practical treatise upon the application and
management of the funds to be realized from
such sales, In conformity with the general out
linos herein expressed; one thousand dollars for
the second In merit of said treatises and five
hundred dollars for the third in merit of said
treatises. But my executors are not authorised,
but are expressly prohibited, to direct the ap
plication of any of the funds realized from the
sale of said lands to any institution or char
ity or purpose which Is in any degree sectar
ian, or in the management of which any priest,
clergyman, minister or rabbi or other religious
officer shall have any voice or control, and said
board of trustees are in like manner prohibited
from making any such application.
XXX. My executors during the time that
they shall have the charge and management
of the parcels of real estate herein referred
to and numbered I and 11. may. lease the same
for said. term, collect rents, pay taxes, assess
ment* and the necessary expenses connected
therewith, and in case there, shall remain a 1a 1
surplus may employ such surplus In the Im
provement of said property In such manner
as to increase Its value and income; and said
board of trustees shall, after they take the
management and charge of said property, In
like manner lease and collect the rents thereof,
and ; out of the - same pay taxes, assessments
and necessary expenses • and employ any sur
plus" In the Improvement " of the property by
erecting buildings or otherwise. Hut In ease
the rents and . income from all the property
shall not be sufficient to defray such charges
and expenses or other things required to pre
serve the ownership, they may, as a last resort;
dispose : of ' enough of - said real estate to pay
the same.
.- XXXI. In respect to that part of the Cliff
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 12, 1898.
House Ranch herein mentioned. ; I direct that
It »hall be sold only as a whole, and that before
it can be disposed of to any other purchaser
or purchasers It shall be first offered for sale
to the city "and county of San Francisco at a
price which shall be twenty (20) per cent less
than the highest bona-fide bid therefor by any
other party, such bona-fide bid to be ascer
tained by Inviting bids therefor by public ad
vertisement for six months; but such sale to
the city and county of San Francisco shall be
made on the express condition that it shall
be kept perpetually as a place.' of public resort,
and should said city and county elect to pur
chase said property on said terms and condi
tions said board of trustees and their succes
sors are authorized and directed to make such
sale.
XXXII. I hereby expressly declare It is my
intention that the parcels of land herein re
ferred to as • part of ' the San Miguel Rancho
and part of the Cliff House Ranch and num
bered I and II shall on the death of the last
survivor of my said children vest in said board
of trustees and " their successors, in trust, that
the same may be sold and the proceeds there
from be applied to the uses and purposes, char
itable, educational and other, which are, In
this, my will, provided and specified.
XXXIII. I further will and direct as to all
the estate and property herein devised to my
said children that in case any of them shall
die without leaving lawful issue the share and
portion' devised to such deceased child. or chil
dren shall go to the other children surviving,
in equal proportions, share and share alike;
but in case any of them Khali die leaving law
ful issue the »hare and portion of such dece
dent shall be subject to his or her disposition
by will, or In the absence of -such will to such
of their issue by right of representation.
XXXIV. The property of which I am now
possessed, find which I herein dispose of by
this my will, consists in general terms of real
estate In the counties of San Francisco, San
Mateo and Alameda, in the State of California,
and a house and grounds for residence at In
wood, In the city of New York, and of per
sonal property In bonds, bills, notes and effects
of various kinds, all of which property,
whether named herein or not, I own and have
ever owned as my sole and separate estate,
free and released from all claims of any other
persons whomsoever.
XXXV. I hereby appoint Gustav Sutro El
liott J. Moore, Solomon Heydenfeldt and W.
R. H. Adamson and my daughter, E. L. Sutro,
I my executors to carry out the provisions of
this, my will, and direct that they shall speed
! ily proceed to sell enough of my real estate to
j satisfy all money bequests In case there are
' not funds sufficient from other sources.
XXXVI. On page five of this will, line four
teen, the words ."to each of my children," after
••$10,000," and on the same page, line sixteen,
I the word "also," after the word "and," were
I Interlined by me before execution thereof.
XXXVII. I hereby revoke all wills by me
i heretofore made.
In- witness of this, my olographic will. I have,
at the city and county of San Francisco. State
of California, on this twenty-second (22d) day
of May, In the year one thousand eight hun
dred and eighty-two, hereunto set my hand
and seal. " [Seal] ADOLPH SUTRO.
The foregoing instrument, consisting of
eighteen (IS) pages besides this page, was at
the date thereof by the said Adolph Sutro
signed, sealed and published as and by him
declared to be his last will and testament In
| presence of us, who, at his request and In his
! presence and In the presence of each other,
j have subscribed our names as witnesses thereto.
[Seal] JOSEPH H. MOORE,
Residing at 106 First avenue, San Francisco.
[Seal] WILLIAM McCRINDLE.
Residing at 1811 Short street. West Oakland,
Alameda County. Cal. i
[Seal] JOHN M. MOORE, j
Residing at 12 Mason street, San Francisco,
! Cal.
[Seal] W. R. H. ADAMSON,
Residing at 1414 Sixth avenue. East Oakland,
Indorsed on back of this page: Last will
and testament of Adolph Sutro.
Dated, San Francisco. May 22, 1881
Much surprise was expressed at the date
of the will, it being thought that Mr.
Sutro would have brought It up to the
present time while he retained his busi
ness faculties. The value and extent of
his properties have changed greatly in the
Bixteen years that have elapsed since the
will was drawn.
Intimates of Mr. Sutro explain the mat
ter to their own satisfaction. They af
firm that, like many other rich men, he
had a presentiment that if he made a will
he would die shortly thereafter. Again,
with all his wonderful energy, he was a
"manana" man, always ready to put off
action on any matter until to-morrow.
The paragraph relating to Miss Hattie
Trundle, also known as Mrs. George Al
len has revived an incident that in" its
day shook the social fabric of the Corn
stock to its very center. Mr. Sutro leaves
her $50,000 as reparation for a scandalous
charge made against her at Virginia. City
in 1579. The affair that led up to it took
place in the old International Hotel. Mrs.
Sutro made serious charge.-; against the
woman, resulting in a personal encounter.
The Sutro library, which it was thought
would go to the city, will now form part
of the estate. It consists of nearly 300 .0 M
volumes, stored in Montgomery Block
and on Battery street. Outside of the
great public libraries <>f Europe there is
nothing to compare with it. Mr. Sutro
was a shrewd buyer and accumulated a
remarkable collection of books at ordin
ary cost. When the possessions of the
mad King of Bavaria wer.- sold he bougnt
largely and secured many rare volumes.
It was partly on the promise that the
library would go to the city that the
Afnlia"ted Colleges were located on the
land south of Golden Gat.' Park.
It is intimated by persons close to the
family that the children will acknowledge
that Mrs. KlUge, the alleged widow, has
rights, and will settle with her rather
than fight the matter in the courts.
Mrs. Kluge has two children. Adolph
and Adolphine, both of whom are said to
bear all the striking characteristics of the
Sutro family.
BANCROFT FAILED TO
PAY SALESMAN STONE
ASKS BACK PAY AT THE RATE
OF $350 PER MONTH.
Circuit Judge Beatty Enlightened on
the Way History Is Made in
California and Massa
chusetts.
Before United States Circuit Judge Be
atty of Idaho yesterday a jury was Im
paneled to try the suit t>f H. B. Hambly
(assignee of N. J. Stone) against H. H.
Bancroft to recover $8833 33 salary, to
gether with interest at 7 per cent and
the costs.
The complaint recites that on August
20, 188fi. N. J. Stone and the defendant
entered Into a contract, whereby in con
sideration of the services rendered by
Stone In taking the publication and sale
of the hlstoriepl works of 11. 11. Ban
croft, the History Company sold to Stone
one-tenth of the stock of the conpany and
other property. Stone agreeing to de
vote, his whole time for ten years to the
publication and sale of the Bancroft his
torical works. The company contracted
in addition to pay Stone a salary of $350
per month, and he was to engage In no
other business, but to flevote all his
time and attention to the work laid out
in the contract.
Stone alleges that for the period begin
ning on April 1, 1594, to August 20, 18ftfi.
the defendant refused to pay him his
salary, although he presented himself
daily at the office to tender his services
in accordance with the terms of the con
tract.
The suit was brought originally In
Judge Seawell's court in April. 1897, but
was transferred to the United States Cir
cuit Court on June IS, 1897, on the peti
tion of Bancroft, who alleged that lie
was a citizen of Massachusetts.
Mr. Stone occupied the stand during
the whole of the afternoon, and told the
Jurymen how at various times within the
period set forth In the complaint he had
demanded his salary from Mr. Bancroft,
and had been refused; Imw he had regu
larly announced himself as ready for
work, and how. just as regularly, the de
fendant had refused to give him work
to do.
An admission of the wltnesfi that he
had sold a certain patent medicine on bis
own account during the life of the con
tract and before the iiling of the com
plaint in this suit provoked some dis
cussion between the opposing counsel.
Plaintiff's counsel, Messrs. Eddy and Met
son, insisted on knowing how much
Stone had earned by selling the medi
cine, and the defendant's counsel object
ed. The latter argued that the suit was
for salary under an alleged contract; that
it was Boi 8 suit for damages for viola
tion of contract, and that, therefore, it
was not material whether he earned any
thing or nothing by selling the medi
cine. If he had violated the contract he
was not entitled to recover.
The case wilf be resumed this morning.
League of the Cross.
Company H, league of the Cross Ca
dets, Is determined to do its share toward
securing a new armory for the regiment,
and just at present Is making extensive
arrangements f<ir an entertainment to he
given In Metropolitan Temple, the pro
ceeds of which will be given to the ar
mory fund.
Senator Teller of Colorado write 3
about the dangers of the new trade
in the Orient in next Sunday's Call.
SOLDIERS TO
GO TO THE
GOLD FIELDS
Battery A to Garrison
Fort Yukon.
TO KEEP PEACE IN ALASKA
WILL BE DISPATCHED WITH
ALL POSSIBLE SPEED.
It Is Said That One Company of the
Sixth Regiment May Accom
pany the Expedition to
the North.
No time will be lost by Major General
Alerriam in dispatching troops to Central
Alaska. He will gazette an order this I
morning relieving Battery A, United j
States Army, from duty here, with in- j
structions to make ready to proceed at
any early day to Alaska. Lieutenant Me- j
Manus will be the officer in charge. Sev- j
eral subordinate officers will accompany
him. The battery will number one hun
dred and ninety-three men. The full com
plement of arms will be taken, except,
perhaps," heavy guns, which It would be
difficult if not impossible to transport. In j
addition there will be large quantities of 1
supplies for the troops and such needy I
miners as may require assistance during j
the winter.
It is possible that one company of the !
Sixth Regiment will also be dispatched, j
though this is not known to be necessary
as yet.
The announcement that troops would go
to Alaska, as made exclusively in the
Call yesterday, aroused much speculation |
and Interest in army circles and there was
a noticeable anxiety to find out which
company or companies would be designat
ed by General Merriam for the Alaskan
service. In part this curiosity is now set j
at rest. Later developments may require
an increased body of troops, either in the j
Copper River or Yukon districts.
The date of starting from San Francisco ;
has not yet been set, but it will probably j
be within a week. The notice is a sudden ;
one and much must be done in the way of 1
preparation. A complete Arctic outfit
for one year must be secured for alL^i
the men. The purchases of materi^..
clothing' and provisions will be pushed \
with all possible dispatch and will not j
consume over four or live days.
The matter of transportation will also
have to be arranged. Some steamer now j
in port will take the battery to St. Mi- '
chael. There the real responsibilities of j
Lieutenant McManus will begin. If he can,
by the use of persuasive words, secure |
the services of all the river boats needed
to take his expedition up the Yukon, good I
and well. If the boat owners are refrac- !
tory, or try a gouge game on the Govern- '
ment, then McManus will have to seize
the craft necessary for his purposes. Ho
will press on up the Yukon with all pos- (
sible speed, trying to reach Fort Yukon in 1
September, as the floating ice later in the j
season practically puts a stop to naviga
tion before the final freeze-up. Having
reached his destination, the Lieutenant's
first duty will be to secure the safety of
his supplies and to build log cabins for
his men. This of itself will be a hard un
dertaking, as large timber is scarce
there. Last winter the few cabins at Fort
Yukon were In such demand that the poor- j
est kind of a shack rented easily for $50 a 1
month. It is possible that the lieutenant I
will see fit to establish headquarters some
little distance away from the trading post,
where more suitable timber can be found. j
It is believed that the battery, with :
nearly two hundred men, will be strong
enough to cope with any lawless mob t
that may attempt to make trouble on the
river. Of course the Canadian mounted
police will attend to the job of preserv
ing order on the Upper Yukon In the Do
minion's territory. Lieutenant McManus
will, however, have a stretch of over one
thousand miles of the Yukon Valley under '
his control. The chances are that mill
tary law will be declared, so as to enable !
him to act with the authority that the
circumstances require.
At the present time there are several
boats in the harbor of San Francisco, ;
either one of which would be available j
for the transportation of the troops.
General Merriam has the matter in I
hand, but will make no statement of his
intentions at this hour. , "The battery
will go as soon as I can send it," was his
summary of the situation.
There is considerable excitement among !
the boys of Battery A over their assign- .
ment to duty on the Yukon. • Up to twen
ty-four hours ago It seemed as likely as '
not that 'they would be dispatched to the
torrid Philippines for garrison duty, or '
possibly active service In suppressing out
breaks of the Insurgents.
RED CROSS IN PEACE
AS WELL AS IN WAR
Successful Meeting «f the State Asso-
ciation — An Address by Judge
Sheldon.
The oprninp meeting: of tho California
Red Cross Association, held in Golden
Gate Hall last evening, was largely at-
tended.
The band of the Seventh California
Regiment played the "Star-Spangled
Banner," after which Mrs. W. B. Har
rington, the president of the association,
delivered a brief address of welcome and
Introduced Mrs. John F. Merrill, presi
dent of the San Francisco Red Cross So
ciety, who Bald that the object of the
meeting was to give the State society
an opportunity to report upon what It
had done.
Mrs. I>. I* Dunbar, secretary of the
State R*kl Cross, thereupon delivered her
report showing that there are 91
auxiliary' societies in the State, and that
the badge of membership Is worn by
20,000 Californians. About $90,000 had been
collected in California, of which sum a
large part had been expended for sup
plies of various kinds. There have been
21,000 men received and entertained.
There has been turned Into the State
treasury $80,000 for membership due?.
badges, etc. A hospital of 125 beds and
supplies has been sent to Manila.
Mrs. MeKinstry, who has charge of the
supplies from all over the Siai»-, made a
detailed report of her departm-
The report of Mrs. K. R. Dlmond.
assistant treasurer, showed total receipts
of $22,119 74. disbursements of $10,472 Si,
and a balance on hand of $11,647 11.
The band gave the various bugle calls,
and then Judge Sheldon of New York,
representing the National Red Cross So
ciety, was introduced. He gave an Inter
esting history of the origin of th> society,
and spoke at length upon the principles
upon which It is founded, the good that
it has accomplished and Its future work.
He maintained that it has as much to
do in times of peace as in times of war.
and cited instances of distress rell< .-.:
among the victims of floods, earthquakes,
plagues and epidemics, great, conflagra
tions, forest fires, appalling accidents and
calamities. He urged that the State Cal
ifornia Association, which had already
accomplished so much good, be perma
nently maintained. To be prepared in
time of peace was a duty, as then we
should always be prepared for war, and
there was no telling when war would
break out. The work of the Red Cross
Is simply military humanity.
Brief remarks were made by Rev. Dr.
Stehbins, l>r. Voorsanger and General W.
H. L. Barnes, the meeting concluding
with the playing of "America" by tho
band.
Among those who occupied seats on
the stage w-ere Bishop Nichols and
Father Otis of the Paulists. Among the
delegates in attendance -were Mrs. f>. G
Stephens, vice-president, Los Angeles-
Mrs. Sarah A. Wentworth, Redwood
City; Miss Mary A. Brignole, Sutter
Creek; Mrs. Sarah T. Fox, Redwood
City; Mrs. George Ballou, San Diego;
Mrs. E. G. Fletcher, Hopland; Mrs. J.
THE EMPORIUM.
[Mr. Louis IVeslvn Jones, tenor, will be the soloist at the Saturday Height Concert, to be rendered
by The Emporium Orchestra of twenty instrumental soloists', under the leadership of John CMarquardt.
To-Day Is the Eagerly Looked-For
And the patrons of the big: store shall not be disappointed in either the variety,
quality or prices of the specials offered, which, however, can only be bought ?t the
advertised prices between 8 a* m. and 6 p. m. to-day.
Ladies' 35c, 50c and 75c Scalloped Embroidered Handkerchiefs— pure linen— 9^- Each
a 200 dozen lot. Offered to-day only at . : , : **^J\~ <*>
Delettrez Toilet Water— the genuine French article— Heliotrope, Ylang-Ylang, Helenia, Rose
Royale, Opoponax, Jockey Club, Lily of the Valley and Lilas Blanc— regular price 28c Bottle
65c. To-day only * • • •• • - UW i-»utwt
All remnants and short lengths of Organdies, Zephyr Ginghams, Dimities, Percales, etc.
all day to-day at exactly half the already reduced remnant prices marked thereon.
Boys' Suits $1.39 PX" FrX" Shoe Special.
For Friday only— another If- you will walk through the New Shoe Department,
f(S£ big, honest bargain in Boys' "™ ' at th main } f, ntra " « of the store ' our method of dis-
C Vr 1 r\\u- ° J Paying shoes will enable you r- : -- r-^
V H C^ thln g- M _„_ .f. f . in five minutes' time to see at W'™~>*7
/C- J* Over 400 New Fall Suits, in u_ stfifrv sty ,e s and iud^e for V^^'^Ki
/ 1 \£ol\ perfect in fit, 'make and sewing— selling better shoes for less ojfl - '
/ / 1 \ sizes for boys from 7to 16 years money than you have been ac* \^S/ ,/ ' 1
(-;/ r=?) will be on sale Friday for $1.39. customed to pay. /^^C^v W
V> • ° / The suit consists of double-breasted To da on|v we w ill cut the 7ffiSv\/
\Jh 7 coat and knee pants We invite prices on Children's and Misses' W/TOV> \
fS >of comparison .of these values at $1.39 Fine Vici Kid .Shoes-lace or Y^S& }\W
&JLJ Wlth a nvthln »" the d l y offered f I button-kid or cloth tops-pat- ( £*/ \]J J
TfrM] 52 and |2T5a Remember, no mat- j , eather ti psandtrimmi ngs _ £* V J
\\ \ ter h ?^' ll | tle f th = P rl « " amed ' 7 spring heeis- flexible E&l^Os*^
If I stand back 0 every doll, r'swojh .£l-s <We have i?oo - j&>^^ /7*^^
VJJ LJJ of clo-hine that we sell. YOUR 1 « »;!• ,0 that no one : f*^ Ar
11 1 lurr»MCV ACK TF YOU WANT IT P alrs > so mat no one / //
MONEY BALK. It YUU WAINI 11. will be disappointed. j£t //
—H. ~VJ ~* New Fall Patterns in 8^ ton for suo ' >^'. \
— \ )S^=kMothers' Friend Waists to 2 for.. 5i.25 C^J*^ ...:.
< * ss^W : iU be opened Friday. _ . , -r td t ,
r Bargain r* q i To Popularize
_^ * Dorset oale Duchesse T>
Bargain nf I C • 1 rid ay - . Ine i^u»-nesse«
t? i A 1 rUIIK OPeCiaL The "Royal Duchesse" Corsets— those comfortable,
rrioay x perfect-fitting, popular corsets for which The Emporium
Gray Waterproof Canvas Covered Trunk— like pic- \ nas the sole agency— are offered FOR TO-DAY ONLY at these,
ture— heavy, malleable iron j^^^/^"^^?^-^^ j greatly reduced prices:
bumpers all around — four f^m-^^^^—^S^^^^. * l Royal Duchesse— new ,- r^^^i
hardwood cleats on top-two 10H^^^^^^^% 5hape5......... «•«•—• 07C » 1
around body and three on M v OJ ' ««-5o Royal Duchesse- < ;1 tn |f «'
bottom — good Japanned ffl fefp^? new styles... •• >• *.y W
metal locks, hinges and ' %r^~ ' -'138^^ $2 Royal Duchesse— * t .R. R T"-- •
catches— iron bottom ■ and | ■Mj-^j sizes and styles 4>>.to j r
valance-fancy 7-inch coy- m^~ I==Z^ : i- ? < $2 25 !J Royal Duchesse— * -/q ,; - V lkj
ered set-up tray. — — — = =J^|^^. I three side bones— all sizes.. $1.07 T^A ; Ntl
2 8-inch $4.20 I 32-inch 54.80 ! *3 Royal Duchesse- <♦.- 23 /Wi^jW
,°"^L S4 50 Ud-inch ....55.10 short hips— all sizes 4>Z.ZO / fi&ff&S2ys\.
3OmCh " '^taX^._l?*:™^s&4o $ sRoyalDuchesse-finestltalian5 RoyalDuchesse-finestItalian / /|«)
Trunk Department now rear ' . "°«j and real whalebone- $3 J? ( C W^ "X/ \
elevators at left of rotunda. all 5ize5................... *y'\ \\ 111 Hi/ \
57.50 Royal Duchesse — finest >sV/) / 1 U\V / I
EU..~~;« Italian cloth— Dresden effect— >^iifiM /
Wool Blankets $2.95 X ?.?Z t .. s ?.'.rf: k!55.25k !$5.25 .mW
S' $12 Royal Duchesse— made of /* . l iij
C^V. To-day only we will offer heavy satin ribbon-sizes 9 m f ' ;^
\ Y^^rn J J 18 to 24 •'• >\)/*\j\j •
I ■ n 4 cases excellent White : . . — : —--
Blankets— seven-eighths pure Imported HoSC JOc*
( *\\ jV\ long fiber wool— size 66x78 To day (Friday) only— Ladies' 40-Gauge Maco Cotton
tflll \==^\ inches — for full width beds — ; Hose— assorted tan shades— regular made— full finished—
1 (-) i spiiced heels and toes (made in Germany) — a great ff .
li|| }/y [Weight 4^ pounds. At the bargain for this day only— per pair *UC
-/ /:'/ :' I remarkable price of — — : ~~" " # 4^^
_^^^n ( v*A / T f » /*^t * t*% Bargain '
K\A <^9 Or This Chair 72c. Friday.
M^)j£+/>m) Pair. For to-day only, if the 200 fT\_^*-— -^_JT
on hand last until closing /^r^Sj
_tJ , time— Solid Oak Bedroom or < &£g%?p<^
Fnday and fl rnr(>r . 7 Snf>r^k Dining-room Chair, like pic- nW^iTPI
Saturday grocery specials. . . ture -braced arm s - cane j . j j||!|; -. ■
These Specials are for Friday and Saturday seated — highly polished— 1 | |jj
only. Ask or send for the August number of our on * I II jliyy | ■
Grocery Catalogue. Use direct Grocery Tele- 77r '" jj^mg^^
phone— South 59. . / *'*'* |l^^^^3^^
Emporium Mocha and Java Coffee— regularly 35c 1b....30c I rrv^sii§ii§^^-r^>
Yellow Cornme3l— io-lD sacks — regularly 25c each 20c !^VT--- :: :::: Trr^ C
Knox's Gelatine— 3 pkgs for 25c SMYRNA RllfiS 6ox I i^ fk f
Imported Sardines— i-Bs— fine goods— regularly ioc each.7c OITI ■ l \'^^ I%UUO, inches— • fc^ = j--;-^}^^
New pack Jellies and Jams— jars — regularly 15c all wool — handsome designs— -3 ==t > T
— will be 2 for '. 25c ; copies of the real Persian patterns; I IT" _LL^^=??
Choice White Wine— per gallon 45c j also the battleship Maine— a rug llT^s :==::3:! TCi^-
Extra Port Wine years old— regularly $ 1.50 gallon..Sl.lO j worth 53.50 — this day only for \\\ . /// i
Old Dry Madeira Wine— regularly 53.50 gallon 52.40 ;.: '-.':. ,- . 1/ = I
Extra Stout— a good article— regularly 51.25 dozen— <C 1 QEi . . '-*' *
Friday and Saturday Sl.OO k *KJ>J* \\
C^niifnriua' s w-^^^jgyjiiwa BnnnMi^ ' ■_ .j. , - -nm All "h/lcLrhei-
■*^ . ) Ei jf Ws v|jv Hsiijß £v*c ; -=?;'> I siroei cars siop
CrnurifJ M i^ETB^S *%& fWlp at tne main
Store. ™ ©oitffi^n'SiHaie Eazaar. *$$ entrance.,..
J.I Rogers, Vacaville: Mrs. G. S. Abbott^
Mrs Frances H. Gray, Oakland; Mrs.
Adena Mitchell, Miss Alice M. Lyon,
Whittier; Mrs. W. B. Pelton, Oakland;
Mrs. Belle Stockwell. Mrs. F. M. West,
Stockton; Miss Ida Downing, Miss
Emma Lovejoy, Tulare; Miss fcthel Fox
•\nd Miss Bee Fox, Redwood City; Mrs.
"W F Nichols, San Mateo; Mrs. Anna
I, ' Bartl.tt, Pasadena; Mrs. Thomas L.
Miller Belvedere; Mrs. S. L. Kline, Cor
vallis Oregon; Mrs. M. E. Chapman, Mrs.
C J 'Martin, Mrs. S. F. Kib, San Jose;
Airs. Young. Portland, Oregon.
The delegates will meet this morning at
State head Quarters.
ISAAC BROMLEY DEAD.
The Well-Known Editor's Life Ended
at Norwich, Conn., Yesterday.
Telegrams were received last evening
announcing the death yesterday, at Nor
wich, Conn., of Isaac H. Bromley, a
brother of Uncle George T. Bromley, and
uncle of David Williamson of this city,
l aac Bromley was one of the best known
;i id ablest editorial writers in the United
States. He was the founder of the Nor
wich Bulletin, and subsequently editor of
the Hartford Post. He went to New York
during the lifetime of Horace Greeley and
became connected with the editorial de
partment of the New York Tribune. For
many years prior t<> his death he was one
Of th." editors Of the Tribune. His ac
quaintance with the leading public men of
this country was wide, and at Washing
ton he was the welcome guest of Presi
dents Cabinet officers and United States
Senators He was a graduate of Yale
College a classmate of General W. 11. L.
Barnes and a close friend of Chauncey M.
Depew. , . . _
Isaac Bromley was appointed a Govern
ment director of the I'nlon Pacific Rail
road by President Arthur. Hi* official
tours of inspection brought him several
times to San Francisco, and while here
he mad' a bOSt <>f friends and was elected
an honorary member oi the Bohemian
ciui>. Mr. Bromley was a scholarly, com
panionable man of ran- geniality <>f dispo
sition. In conversation he was gifted
away beyond the common lot of mortals
as lie possessed a sense of humor that
was captivating. Mr. Bromley was 66
years of age.
Yesterday's Fires.
An alarm was turned in from box 51fi at
8:15 yesterday afternoon for a fire In the
dwelling: of M. Nlcholls on Michigan
street, between Twenty-first and Twenty
second. The damage is estimated at $500
and the fire was caused by children play
ing- with matches. Box 95 at 7 o'clock was
for a $25 blaze in the restaurant of G. Ce
laps at 11 Taylor street, caused by an
overheated range.
THE EMPORIUM.
DENOUNCE THE
SOUTHERN BRIGADIER
TYPOGRAPHICAL UNION WILL
ADOPT RESOLUTIONS.
Eighth Annual Convention of the
State Typos in Session at the
Supervisors' Chambers.
The eighth annual convention of the
California State Typographical Unlo;i was
convoked in the chambers of the Board of
Supervisors yesterday morning, and will
continue to-day and probably adjourn to
morrow noon. The sessions are presided
over by S. 11. Jenne? of San Francisco, the
president. The other officers are: M.
Henry Argall of Grass Valley, vice-presi
dent; Cyren E. Fisk of Los Angeles, or
ganizer; M. A. Mclnnls of Oakland, secre
tary-tre.-isurer; A. J. Read of Oakland,
James Marr of San Jose and S. L. Rob
bins of San Francisco, executive commit
tee.
At the afternoon session Cyren E. Fisk
made a strong appeal to the convention
for a resolution condemnatory of the ap
pointment of Harrison (i. Otis of Los An
geles a brigadier general in the I'nited
M;ii,s Volunteers, He was bitter in his
denunciation of the Southern editor and
waa seconded by ether members. There
was some objection to the resolution on
the ground that in time of war the Gov
ernment should be. permitted Its own
choice of generals, and there was a
chance to thus be rid of Otis entirely.
A committee composed of William Min
or, L. P. Ward and William Hill was ap
pointed on motion of Mr. Fisk to recom
mend some action in the resolution.
The committee on credentials. S. L.
Robbins, William Hill and James Benson,
appointed by the chair, reported the toi
lowing delegates, who were sealed.
Eureka No. 207— Thomas H. Perry. Los An
geles No. 174 — Cyren E. Fi«k: Oakland No. 36—
A J. Read. M. A. BCcltmtS. San Francisco No.
John Collins, ."William Minor, S. 1.. Rob
blns, L.- P.. Ward, S. H. Jenner. San Jose No.
— James Marr. Santa Rosa No 31— C. S.
Cooledge. Stockton No.-,56— C.\ B. Huse. San
Francisco Stereotypers anil Electrotype™ — "W j,
11am Hi!!. San Francisco Printing Pressmen-
Fred' Cater, Lorenzo Henry, James' -Benson.
San Francisco Press Feeders, and: Helpers No.
20— R. Jacobs. Photo-Engravers. No.. B— Charles
Vandervoort. B : . . . - -: ; " '- ' : v
The following named committees were
appointed by the chair:
Subordinate unions— L. A. Henry, William
Hill, James Benson.
Laws and Resolutions— C. E. Fisk, J. K.
Phillips. A. C. Schwatka.
Reports of officers and miscellaneous busi
ness— C. B. Huse. S. L. Robbins. T. B. Perry.
THE EMPORIUM.
Finance— L. P. Ward. F. E. Caler, John Col
lins.
In his annual report President Jenner
referred to the inroads made by tho lino
type machines upon hand composition a;id
held that the remedy must depend upon,
present deliberations of the convention
and future action of local unions. j :
plored the lack of funds essential X>> the
successful labor of the State organiser,
and urged the formation of district
unions. The press of San Francisco and
the State was. with the exception of tho
Los Ang-eles Times, commended and
thanked for kindly notices. The report
referred briefly to the unsuccessful termi
nation of the nine-hour strike ami com
mended Oakland Union, No. 36, for its vic
tory over the Pacific Press in the estab
lishment in that city of the union label.
The report of the secretary-treasurer
expressed regret that the membership of
the unions had not increased during the
year. Xo reply had bee.n received from
unions at Eureka, San Bernardino, Marys
ville. San Diego, San Jose. Santa Rosa
or Stockton In response to notlflc
to send delegates, though there were
delegates present from th* firs* and tha
three last named places. The report
noted that delegates from the' pr<
and press feeders were present I
sponse to invitations seat to the Allied
Trades. Berkeley and. Alameda
been placed under the jurisdiction of Oak
land No. ?,?,.
The financial statement showed receipts
for the yenr. $313 'l'>\ expend! tv
balance, 1224 06.
Borne Strong speeches were made, no
tably one by Mr. Fisk of Los Angeles,
urging co-operation of the trades unions
with the organization of employers. Tha
resolution submitted U] on the subject was
re£err< '1 t.a«-k to the committee on reso
lutions, to report at the session this morn
ing.
Mr. Caler's resolution that a p!ei^
submitted by the members of the subordi
nate unions to purchase only goods made
by American citizens and bearing trades
union label, when prica and quality were
equal to other goods, was ado]
Mi .-srs. Ward. Vandervoort ar.d Henry
were appointed a committee to draft
lutions covering the entire scope of po
litical priming bearing '.Vie union label.
Freight Reduction.
Freight. Traffic Mac tger Sproule of the
Southern Pacific announced a reduction of
the freight rate on canned goods in car
■<r shipments over 30,000 pounds. In
the future the tariff will be GO cents per
hundred pounds and will apply from Cali
fornia terminals and points common
therewith to New York and New Orleans,
via the Sunset route. These rates will
go into effect on August 17.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush. Larkln ?ts. ; swimming. Russian, hot and
cold tub baths; salt water direct rrom ocean.
56
____
FRIDAY AUGUST 12, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAK Manager^
*»IJBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
ttlE CAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) la
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week* By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents. ■ ■ ■
THE WEEKLY CALL On« year, by mall. $1.58
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
k(EW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
Washington (d. o office R»£ft« Hone*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette BuHdlaA
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
tSANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK. 387 Hayes street, open until
0-.30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
Street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
• • untM 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second an*
Kentucky street*, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS,
Columbia— "His Absent Boy."
Alcazar— "Camlllo
■ Horoßco'B- "The Cherry Pickers-"
Tlvoli— "II Trovatore-"
". Orpheum— Vaudovillo.
' The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 613-pound Man.
Clympia— Corner Mason and Eddy streets. Specialties.
Eutro'a Baths— Swimming .
' El Campo— Music. dancins.boaUngr, fishing, every Sunday.
' State Fair— Sacramento, September 6.
Garden Party and Fete— Crocker's residence, San Mateo,
Eaturday. August IS. ______^_^_»—
. • . AUCTION SALES.
By G. H. TJmbsen & Co.— Monday. August 15, Real Estate, at
34 M.ont6omery street, at 12 o'clock.
THE DUTY OF CITIZENS.
|.|i T ATIONAL patriotism, State pride and all the
1 \ thousand personal interests that are insepara
•' . bly bound up with the welfare of the nation
ifcad.'the State combine to impel citizens to the per
formance of their political duties, and yet, in spite
*>f all and to the neglect of all, a very large propor
tion of the people of this city have as yet failed to
Register as voters and thus assure their right to vote
fet- the coming elections.
There seems to be something like the deadness of
fipathy among a considerable number of citizens with
respect to politics. The registration at the City
Hall has been the lowest for many years, and but
three days remain for precinct registration. Unless
there is an immediate awakening of the laggards to
3 sense of their responsibilities as citizens it is cer
tain .that many will fail to register and thus by their
own fault forfeit the privilege of having a voice and
a vote in the election of Congressmen and State and
county officers this fall.
• The worst feature of the situation is that it is al
most a certainty that those who have neglected to
register arc members of that class to which a com
munity has to look for support 1 against the machina
tions of bosses and the corrupting elements of poli
tics. . The henchmen of the bosses always register.
Their votes never fail at primaries, or on election
day. If. then, the citizens who are independent of
machine domination neglect to register, to attend
the primaries or to vote, the control of our politics
falls necessarily into the hands of the bosses and
those who arc willing to co-operate with them.
• ■ Three days remain for registration. The time has
come to make the last appeal to the laggards to
rouse up fn>ni their apathy and attend to their polit
ical duty. If they continue to neglect the trust the
Government reposed in them when it established
universal manhood suffrage they will surely regret it.
All citizens are concerned in the maintenance of
{good government and all should help to sustain it.
. ThjE CriEST-EXPANSION TEST.
DR. OLIX F. HARVEY of Pennsylvania, who
is reported to have recently examined more
than "a thousand applicants for admission to
the volunteer army, has embodied the results
pf his observations in a statement that the defects
jriost frequent among the applicants were those of
the eyes, of the teeth or of chest expansion.
Concerning defective teeth, or eyes, there are not
likely to be any great differences of opinion, but it
is questionable whether the chest expansion test is
fcfair one. According to reports of the statement
that have come to us, Dr. Harvey says: "Strange
jas.it may seem, nearly ail who had narrow chests
(were young farmers. Brought up to run a plow
tor hoe and scrape the ground with long-handled
tools, they had very strong arms and backs, but were
muscle bound and bent over. Theii- chests had been
contracted, and few of them could expand on inhala
tion the requisite two inches."
The very fact that young men brought up to work
ftn farms could not stand the chest expansion test is
one that tends to show there is something wrong
.with that standard of measuring strength or vital
ity. As a matter of fact, a great many people prac
tice abdominal breathing. Their chests are exer
cised only by labor. Therefore, the chest, while big
enough for the lungs and strong enough to enaMe
a man to work all day at a threshing machine, is not
elastic and does not respond easily to attempts at
•expanding it. On the other hand, some man who
has practiced chest breathing may have a great deal
of 'elasticity and expansion, and yet be but a weak
ling in comparison with the abdominal breather of
the harvest field.
■ Any set of muscles can be developed by exercise.
Continual piano playing will make a man's fingers
'supple and strong, but it would be absurd to assume
therefore that the hand of a piano player is stronger
than that of a farm boy who has been handling a
hayfork, and whose fingers are not nimble at all.
The elasticity of the client muscles and the conse
quent enlargement of the extent of chest expansion
arc undoubtedly desirable, but there is such a thing
as overrating their importance to the human organ
ism. " The greater portion of the Tungs are below
'the chest, and abdominal breathers are in most cases
possessed nf a larger lung power than the chest
breathers. There i.s many a gymnasium athlete who,
'if set to work in a harvest field, would get out of
wind, while the farm boy would be singing as he
worked, and much the same difference of condition
might result if the two were set to making quick
time on a long march.
As a general rule, it may be stated that any test
that excludes the American farmer's boy from the
ranks of a vitally strong manhood is very apt to be
wrong. It may appear that his chest is contracted
and his shoulders humped, according to city stand
ards, but he is nearly always of perdurable tough
ness, and whether at a fight or a frolic is a match
for any man he meets.
"JIM" REfTS TRIUMPH-
THE success which so far has attended in Santa
Clara County the efforts of James W. Rea to
defeat the Republican party of California this
year will be received by readers of The Call and Re
publicans generally, throughout the State, with re
gret and alarm.
Mr. Rea objected to an open primary altogether,
because such a thing would compel him to resort to
unfair methods for depriving the people of Santa
Clara County of representation in the State conven
tion. He much preferred to appoint the delegates,
and had he been let alone he would in so doing to a
great extent have concealed the nature of his politi
cal leadership. But the Republican State Central
Committee ordered a primary and Mr. Rea's follow
ers have been forced to disfranchise his constituents
by stuffing ballot boxes, suppressing legal votes, bull
doting respectable citizens and carrying things gen
erally with a high hand.
The affidavit of Charles J. Cornell, a resident of
San Jose, that one of Rea's heelers deliberately
pocketed his ballot and refused to deposit it in the
box typifies the methods of the boss. He has car
ried Santa Clara County by the most practical and
disreputable of political tactics.
But the questions which now demand an answer
are: Has Mr. Rea thereby won the votes of the
Republicans of that county? Can he, on election
day, secure their support for the ticket which the
men he has succeeded in sending to the Sacramento
convention will aid in nominating? Are these dele
gates to be received into the counsels of the State
Republican party with favor and will their opinions
with reference to platforms, policies and candidates
carry weight with the respectable Republicans who
must sit down with them at Sacramento on the 23d
inst, to choose a winning ticket?
The Republican party of California has begun
every campaign for many years with a bird of evil
omen perched above its head. "]\m" Rea, it now
seems probable, is to become the somber raven of
the campaign of 1808, unless events shall develop a
larger and more formidable imp in San Francisco.
We think it is time for the Republicans of Cali
fornia to note what every intelligent man in all par
ties now accepts as the truth, namely, that their party
cannot win so long as its Reas are permitted to con
trol its counsels. No stream ever rose above its
source. It will be impossible for Mr. Rea to nomi
nate a winning ticket. If his delegates trade or
combine with Pardee, Gage or any other candidate
that will kill him.
Xlie Republican Convention which
meet* at Sacrament© on the «3d inst.
must face the great Issue at last. Bo** and
corporation control mu»t be repudiated.
The people will never vote for candidates
which are the product of railroad com
binations and political bosslsm. This
fact is so conspicuous that It cannot l>e
gainsaid. The Republicans must cast out
their bosses and corruptionlsts or they
cannot hope to win this battle.
STUDYING THE LESSONS.
WAR is about over, at least so far as the West
Indies are concerned, and in that part of the
field we are now studying the lessons that
have been taught by the campaign. This, it is al
ready evident, is not going to be a pleasant task for
us, for despite the weakness of Spain she has given
us some things to learn that will seem bitter after the
glory in which we have been indulging.
The scope and intent of some of these lessons have
been made public even at this early stage of the
study. In the first place it has been shown that this
progressive nation actually sent to the field an army
equipped with out-of-date arms and ammunition, and
that the sluggish Spaniards were better supplied in
that respect. In the second place our facilities for
transporting troops, for feeding them, for equipping
them with arms and uniforms and for properly caring
for them when wounded, were all inadequate to the
requirements of the emergency.
The controversy now going on between the com
manding general at Santiago and the chief of the
medical staff as to the responsibility for the lack of
sufficient medical supplies at the front during the
fighting is one of the evidences that much has gone
wrong in the conduct of the campaign. Nor does
that controversy disclose the whole extent of it. Re
ports of other officers abound in statements of our
shortcomings. In fact it is beginning to appear that
our victorious march was due almost wholly to the
untiring energy and dauntless valor of our troops
rather than to any other superiority over the foe.
When we remember how proudly we have boasted
of our mechanical skill, our vast resources, our mas
tery of all the forces of science and art known to
civilization, and how often we have derided the
Spaniard for his medieval backwardness, it is dis
agreeable to learn that the Spanish outclassed us in
everything of that kind, and that we won simply be
cause we are the better fighting animal.
It is useless in prosecuting these studies to seek
to place the responsibility and the blame for our
shortcomings upon the shoulders of any particular
man or set of men. To do so would be to lose the
whole profit that we can otherwise derive from them.
The officers in command did the best they could, and
probably the best any one could, with the means at
their disposal. It is not their fault that the army had
old-fashioned rifles, no smokeless powder, no suffi
cient means for transporting artillery. Nor is it the
fault of the Government that adequate transports for
the troops were not at hand, that the army mail went
astray and that other evils happened.
The fault is in ourselves and not in our Govern
ment or in our officers. We have gone on in the
belief that this country has no need of an army. We
have permitted such nations as Spain and even
Turkey to surpass us in the efficiency of military
weapons. We have relied upon our isolation from
Europe to maintain peace and upon the inherent
valor of our people to win battles. This reliance has
not failed us utterly, but it has cost us much. We
ought therefore as a people learn the lessons of this
war and profit by them to such an extent that we will
not be caught so unprepared hereafter.
When Arkansas goes into the lynching business
there is nothing small about it. We are bound to say,
however, that the spectacle of five people, three of
them women, dangling from convenient limbs, is not
of a character to reflect credit upon American civili
zation.
It is a little early in the game to accuse Alger of
senrjing men to the front for political reasons. Of
course there are symptoms of peace, but they are
more apt to become impressive if there are plenty of
troops to encourage them.
News accounts speak of "busted" miners in the
Klondike. The expression may not be correct.
However, no better one has been suggested.
Aguinaldo and his followers are reported to be
sullen, but their state of mind is really a matter of
secondary importance.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 12, 1898.
THE CRITICISM OF SOFTER.
YELLOW jealousy and yellow journalism com
bine to gird at General Shafter. He and his
old regiment are Californkins and our people,
regarding them as our fellow citizens, are interested
in their honor and welfare.
In the first place, General Shafter has been criti
cized for putting his men into battle so soon after
landing at Santiago. Every one familiar with that
tropical climate knows that, especially in the rainy
season, which was on when our army landed, men
from the temperate zone rapidly weaken and sicken.
Shafter was highly wise when he fought his men
as quickly as he could, for he had the use of the
strength they brought from the North, which ten
days later had been sapped completely by the tropi
cal heat and poison. There were many casualties.
Yes, but if the men had lain in camp for ten days
the Spaniards could have massacred them all, for
their strength would have been gone and they would
have been incapable of defense, to say nothing of
aggression. Again, the casualties were numerous
because it was the only real land battle fought (hir
ing the brief war. There have been gallant dashes
and heroic resistance to wild assaults, like that at
Malate, wherein the finest results of discipline and
the highest exhibitions of personal courage have
gratified the country, but at Santiago was the only
real, set battle of the whole war. There our troops
met an entrenched and stubborn foe. It was not a.
Spanish skedaddle, but a contest to the death on
both sides. It was a sustained action. Our troops
pressed forward step by step, and died to hold what
they had gained. Many fell, heroes all. and the
swart soldiers who fell under their fire were heroes
too. It was not an action with heroes on one side
and poltroons on the other.
Shafter and his council of war planned the battle
and it was fought out to the line on which they
laid it. The desperate attempt of Cervera to escape
and the destruction of his fleet hastened conclusions.
It is probable that, without that event, to have car
ried the city by assault would have required a con
siderable addition to our forces, fresh from the
North and bringing strength with it to replace that
which, was rapidly ebbing from the regiments first
landed.
General Shafter was not responsible for the lack
of equipment of the medical and hospital corps. He
was not responsible for the theft of what meager
stores there were by our ignoble allies, the thieves
tinder Garcia. Equipment is the business of the
quartermaster general and the surgeon general of
the army. Shafter is no more to blame for its lack
than he is for the poison climate of Cuba which
felled his men when Spanish bullets failed.
Shafter commanded in the single land battle and
won it. He received the surrender of a city and a
province and its guarding garrisons of 24,000 men.
He maintained civil order, set up a government and
promoted the resumption of commerce and the arts
of peace, so necessary to avert starvation of the
people. Carping and yellow criticism cannot alter
these facts nor tarnish his image in history.
OUR VANISHING FORESTS.
AT this season, when we are preparing to elect
a new Legislature, when progressive men are
considering what legislation to ask. on behalf
of the general welfare next winter, and when forest
fires are sweeping away thousands of dollars' worth
of property every week, it is pertinent both to the
politics and the industrial interests of the State to
iterate and reiterate the importance of providing pro
tection for our woodlands. For that reason, though
we have repeatedly directed attention to the subject
of late, we return to it this morning with a new argu
ment.
A few days ago we showed the interest taken by
the Eastern States in the problem of forest preserva
tion by extracts from a discussion upon the i>sue at
the recent meeting of the wood pulp paper manufac
turers. To-day we direct attention to the same prob
lem considered from the point of view of the Eastern
lumber industry. In reviewing the growing scarcity
of lumber woods and the increasing value of forests
as far west as Michigan and Wisconsin in a recent
issue the Timberman says:
"The greatest obstacle to a proper utilization of our
forest resources is that there are so many operating
lumbermen who arc carrying on their business, solely
for the present, with no regard for the future. They
should be brought to an appreciation of the fact, how
ever, that twenty years, or even ten years, is likely to
bring great changes in values of timber resources,
and therefore that within the life of the ordinary
lumber industry of to-day there is likely to be an in
creased value to the timber as it now stands which
will repay present care in its preservation."
According to that estimate, and there is no reason
to doubt its accuracy, the cost of forest preservation
in the East would be compensated for in twenty
years by the increase alone in the value of the timber
without counting anything of the gain of saving the
trees from destruction. If that is the condition of
affairs in the East that of the Pacific Coast cannot be
widely different. In our indifference to forest preserva
tion we are permitting the destruction of that one of
our natural resources whose comparative value is
most rapidly increasing with every year that passes.
If in the older States more serious and earnest
thought is given to this subject than with us, it is not
because the conditions there are widely different from
our own, or because the problem there is more im
portant, but solely because they have had a longer ex
perience of the evils of forest destruction and are now
suffering more acutely from the results of past negli
gence.
Not long ago the Philadelphia Record, in com
menting upon the waste of woods In that part of the
Union, said: "Within the past forty years vast tracts
of walnut, oak and other valuable forest trees have
been ruthlessly destroyed in this country, and some
varieties of these woods are now almost extinct." A
similar waste is going on in the great forests of the
Pacific Coast. It will not be long before we also shall
have to bewail past folly in this respect if we do not
profit by the experience of the older States and apply
at once the remedy of adequate protection to our
forests. Our woodlands are far-reaching, abundant
and prolific, but they are not inexhaustible, and the
question of their preservation is one of the most im
portant economic problems in the whole range of
practical legislation.
School Director Waller would be snfc even if some
one were really to shoot at him. It is believed by
those who saw him sprinting from imaginary danger
that he can outrun any bullet yet known to military
science.
Now the Spaniards are showing a disposition to
court-martial Toral, a circumstance proving that for
a Spanish general to exhibit any symptom of com
mon sense is the height of rashness.
We are hardly prepared to believe that having
polished us off Spain is preparing to try a round or
two with England.
FATHER YORKE REPLIES TO DR. CLINTON.
To the Editor of The Call— Dear Sir:
The letter of the Hon. C. A. Clinton,
published this morning, demands a few
words from me. He accuses me of mak
ing "erroneous and misleading state
ments" and he demands the justice of a
correction. If I made "erroneous and
misleading statements" concerning Dr.
Clinton I shall be most happy to with
draw them. I desire to further no cause
by "erroneous and misleading state
ments."
The first "erroneous and misleading
statement" of which I am accused is
my charge that Dr. Clinton has attack
ed me. He says, "I have never either
directly or indirectly attacked the rev
erend gentleman."
Permit me to transcribe a letter
which I received from the honorable
Supervisor last May
SAN FRANCISCO, May 21. 1898.
Rev. Father Yorke— Editor Monitor:
The article in to-day's Monitor in which
my name is used in connection with the
Sailors' Home does me a gross injustice.
It is false, cowardly, contemptible, un
grateful, uncalled for and totally unde
served. C. - - CLINIUJN.
I do not know what ideas the honor
able gentleman may attach to tne
words used in that note, but to me it
seems a very serious attack to be called
an ingrate, a coward and a liar.
The second •'erroneous and mislead
ing" statement of which I am accused
is my charge against the Sailors' Home
The honorable Supervisor declares that
the Mayor and the Board of Supervi
sors thoroughly investigated the man
agement of the institution and found it
faultless. I beg to state that no inves
tigation, thorough or other, was made
by the Mayor and the Board of Super
visors. Such investigation to deserve
the name should have been made by
the board in the light of day and with
due notice to the persons concerned.
To merely hear the pleas of those in
terested in getting the lease, to listen
to the attorn- ys of the old society or
the officers thereof In a private room,
to stroll alone through the corridors
of the institution, these private and un
official actions do not constitute an in
vestigation.
Let me say h>rc, Mr. Editor, that the
facts which X have published about the
Sailors' Home have never been contro
verted. I have shown it to be a secta
rian institution. I have proved that it is
not a charitable institution. If the Hon.
Dr. Clinton, if his fellows on the Board
of Supervisors were acting in good
faith, why did they not meet these
charges? The facts arc backed up by
sufficient testimony. They have never
bt •i; explained away. No efficacious
means have been taken to prevent a
recurrence of them. The only answer
that has ever been proffered concern
ing tlu-m has been the Ipse dixit of Dr.
Clinton. The honorable doctor may be
a very great man, but he is not so great
that his mere denial will abolish facts.
That denial is of the less weight that it
is couched in such terms as "false, cow
ardly, contemptible, ungrateful, uncall
ed for and totally undeserved."
Let me tell Dr. Clinton that I am not
in the habit of making rash and reck
less assertions, and therefore I am not
to be turned from my purpose by rash
and reckless denials. I have made use
of many more opportunities than Dr.
Clinton has at his disposal to study
the question of the Sailors' Home. Were
I accustomed to deal in mere assertion,
to take rumor for truth, or to set forth
-itions that are not demonstra-
Ith certainty, I might have said
many more things about the Sailors'
Home, about the Board of Supervisors
and about the Hon. Dr. Clinton. I have,
v.-r, confined myself to hard facts
and they are sufficient to prove my con
tention.
The third "erroneous and misleading
Btatement" of which the honorable doc
■mplatns is my accusation that he
is the moving cause in this latest at
tack.
I have shown how much faith is to
li.- plared in his previous general de
nial, that he never attacked me, al
■ tly. Prom his own let
ter you may judge, Mr. Editor, how
much credence is to be placed in this
specific denial ay to this new attack.
It may be well, however, to remark
that ho attributes this late letter of the
Seamen's Friend Society t(. the fact
that: "In a recent number of the Mon
itor the subject was again brought up
and again the management of the Sail
ors' Home was attacked. This 'last
UPS AND DOWNS.
When all the chairs are ostriches
And nil the tables trees,
And luggers sail to hunt the whale
At any time you pl(
And greenhouse palms in tropic calms
waving in the breeze;
When Fritz, the ilog, and Fluff , the cat,
Are pumas, spitting fire —
What can you have to grumble at?
What more could you desire?
But when the sofa springs a leak,
! sharks are In the Bay,
When Indian spies, with fiery eyes
And faces panned gay
Go lurking round the rorridors
To grab you on your way;
When grizzly bears Infest the stairs
As fierce as fierce can be —
What shall we do for dinner then?
Where can we go for tea?
—Pall Mall Gazette.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A GAME OF CKir.HAGE— The failure
of the word four to appear in an answer
to a question on count in orihbage, pub
lished on the 9th inst.. has brought forth
several letters from crib experts, who
(•all attention to the fact that the an
swer should have been twenty-four in
stead of twenty. And so it would have
appeared had the word four had not been
accidentally omitt«d.
SEATING CAPACITY — Subscriber,
City. The question, "What is the seating
capacity of the Grand' Opera-house and
of the Orpheum?" is one that ought to be
pensioned, for it has done so much Berv
icc in the past three years. Every few
weeks there is received a letter by thfs
department in which that question is in
cluded. As Subscriber is very anxious to
know, it will be answered once more. The
capacity of the Grand Opera-house is
250U and that of the Orpheum 2950.
COST .OF AVAR— D. M., City. Accord-
Ing to Mulnall's Statistics, the following
table t'lvis the cost of the, wars of the
countries named. This does not. In the
nature of things, cover or even estimate
the losses or expenditures following wars:
Date. I Belligerents. Exp'dlture.
1830-40; Spain and Portugal $ 260,000.000
IS3O-47: France and Algeria ' 190,000,000
184S Europe (civil) 50,000.000
1854-56 Eng-land, France, Russia 1,525,000,000
1559 France and Austria 225, 000, 0f*
1861-€6j United States (civil war) 3,700,000,000
18fiC Prussia and Austria 100,000,000
1866 France and Mexico.. 70,000,000
1864-70 BrazH and Paraguay 240,000.000
1870-71 i France and Germany 1,580,000,000
1576-7T Russia and Turkey 950.000,000
THE NEWSPAPER MAGAZINE.
The modern newspaper Is In many ways
a real magazine At its host it presents
illustrations of undisputed artistic ex
cellence, many of which tflve as good an
ldoa of the happening's thoty depict as
need be. A ttrst-r!:iss illustrator can catch
the spirit of an occurrence and portray it
as .satisfactorily as if it had been done
with a camera and published in the form
of a half-tone cut. Indeed, a pen-and-ink
■ketch is often superior to a photographic
reproduction. As for the literary quality
of the newspapers, In spite of all that has
been said derisively about newspaper
Efrigiish, the mass of the work of the
modern correspondent Is not so far below
that of the magazine contributors in
merit as to make comparison impossible.
Indeed, many of the best-known con
tributors to the monthly publications are
at the present moment engaged In work
straw' was pr.Wably the immediate
cause which moved the board, etc.,
etc.
The ingenuousness of this plea may
be judged by the fact that the manage
ment of the Sailors' Home was not at
tacked in a recent number of the Moni
tor. The only reference to the subject
made in a recent number of the Mom
tor is contained in this sentence: The
Supervisors who elected Reis .the in
dorsee of Apaism. and delivered over
the Sailors' Home to a sector an so
ciety, together -with Ragan a tail in the
School Board, are not fit men to be
nominated by any convention
This is an attack, not on the man
agement of the Sailors' Home, but on
fhe SuDervisors. The Supervisors,
therefore *£d he who was the most
guilty the Hon. Dr. Clinton, were the
Parties who needed defense. That de
fense was delivered from behind the
TiVttk-oats of the Ladies' Seamen s
end Society, and Dr. Clinton to the
contrary notwithstanding, was engi
neered by those whose political future
depended on the efficaciousness of the
£tt S me remind you, Mr. Editor, that
the following account of the proceed
ings appeared in your paper: exclaimed
"I offer as an amendment,' 1 exclaimed
Supervisor Clinton, "that the communi
caUon be spread in full on the minutes
of his meeting. I ask this in justice
to myself and to the other members of
the board who have been unjustly ac
cused The charges of the Monitor are
false and characterized by gross mis
representation. My character has been
attacked and I want to be placed right
on the record."
The Hon. Dr. Clinton was willing then
to stand sponsor for the bantling which
he would now disown. It was his
"apologia" and he would have it on
the records for all time. When three
months ago the management of the
Sailors' Home was criticized that man
agement did not dare reply even
though the uninitiated might have sup
posed that the lease was in jeopardy.
Now when the lease is secured the Sail
ors' Home is trotted out with an un
necessary justification of its acts— and
why? Because Dr. Clinton is in danger.
When we remember this and bear in
mind the value of the former denials
of the honorable gentleman it requires
no gift of second sight to estimate at
its true value his disclaimer of connec
tion with the letter signed Nancy
Cooper and Anna McAnney.
For the honorable doctor's pious
prayers for my future welfare and con
version I am humbly grateful. As to
the value of such ostentatious suppli
cations you, Mr. Editor, may be doubt
ful when you remember the divine
1 warning, "And when ye pray, ye shall
not be as the hypocrites that love to
stand and pray in the synagogues and
corners of the streets that they may
be seen of men. Verily, I say unto you
they have received their reward." 1
sincerely hope the honorable gentleman
will not be defrauded of his due.
As for me I have no desire to quarrel
personally with him or to pay any at
tention to personal attacks on myself.
I have no recollection of having met
Dr. Clinton more than twice, once in a
street car and once on the occasion of
a sick call. Why, therefore, he should
claim to have been my friend passes
my comprehension; but, whether he
were friend or neighbor or even enemy
I have no desire to do him wrong. And
that I do him no wrong his manner of
action convinces me. When he meets
my facts with arguments other than
bare denials couched in abusive lan
guage and based on his unsupported
j say so I shall give him credit for good
! faith. Personal charges of untruth,
! cowardice and the like do not bother
me. I am afraid I have too many sins
of my own in the matter of personali
ties to answer for to be justified in re
plying to mere personal charges. But.
Mr. Editor, this is not a mere personal
matter. It is a great. question of prin
ciple — question of sectarianism or
non-sectarianism, for which thousands
of citizens of this city sacrificed party
and friends and office in order to set
tle it once for all in the sense of the
constitution. That this principle has
been betrayed by Dr. Clinton and by
his associates on the Board of Super
j visors is the sole conclusion deducible
' from the uncontroverted facts I have
placed before the public. Something is
; needed to offset these facts besides big
words, profuse professions and unctuous
! prayers. Yours truly,
i PETER C. TORKE.
for the daily press. The exigencies of
the case forbid the presentation of this
matter to the public in the most attrac
tive manner, but a great typographical
improvement has taken place in tne
modern newspaper, even if the yellow
Journals seem at first thought to have
mad.' matters w.rse. The foundries have
been called on for a great variety of new
types and though the general effect is not
always happy, the ultimate result is
pretty sure to be Monthly magazines
will continue to be published and to find
a large circle of readers, but every week
marks an advance in the daily press
toward what for want of a better phrase
may be called the magazine standard.—
Providence Journal.
OUR TREATMENT OF PRISONERS.
Good gunnery and dauntless valor nre
not the only features of our fighting that
have astonished the Spaniards. Th<\v ;ir>;
amazed at our courteous treatment of our
prisoners of war.
The Spanish press has contemptuously
characterized our soldiers and Bailors as
"American pigs." The Spanish editors
nave pictured our officers with all the
brutal attributes of barbarians. Hut
Spanish prisoners have found our officers
chivalrous and humane. They find that
a/nong the lirst concerns of an American
admiral or general after an engagement
are the safety and comfort of the pris
oners.
The conduct of the victors toward the 1
vanquished after the destruction of the
Spanish fleet at Santiago was magnani
mous In the extreme. Admiral Cervera
was more impressed by the courtesy of i
the American fleet officers and their en- ;
thuslastic congratulations than by any
other Incident connected with the crush
ing defeat. He was so elated over the
generous treatment accorded him that he
took especial care to acknowledge It in
his official dispatches to the Spanish au
thorities.
It is a pleasure to record the fact that
the American policy of dealing with pris
oners, was fully reciprocated in the chi
valrous treatment of Lieutenant Ho
and his crew 'of the Merrimac by both
Admiral Cervera and < '.•■•'.< • r • L i L,lnai
The Spanish officers at the front know
more than Spanish editors about the gal- i
laritry an( ' humanity of the American
soldier. They know that in battle he can
flsrht like a demon; that after the battle ■
he can act like a Christian.— Chicago i
Times-Herald.
HUMOR OF THE DAY.
The nurpe h:i<l been giving the twins a.
bath. Later, hearing the children laugh
ing in bed, nho said: "What are you chil
dren laughing about?"
"Oh. nothing." replied Kdna: "only you
have given Edith two baths, and haven't
given me any."— Punch.
"Are there many people in this country
wbo arc prottd of their lineage?"
"Well," replied Mr. Cumrox. "T don't
like to boast, but I may say that our own
family owns as many railroad lines as
any in our part of the continent."—Wash
ington Star.
"T see," said the Chicago man. "that
thpy are going to try the experiment of
mummifying Philadelphia bodies."
"Before death?" asked the inane New
Yorker. — Indianapolis Journal.
Bachelor— How do you like married life?
Newly wed— Ah, Jack, you don't know
what you're missing— that is. unless you
count your wad every night and morning,
and that's naoau.— Judge.
AROUND THE
Dr. H. L. Meade of San Juan is at the
Dr. Spatzcr of Russia is at the Call
°Captain E. S. Morine of Irvington Is at
the Palace.
j. W. Burnett of Phoenix, Arizona, is at
the Occidental.
Sam M. Rucker, ex-Mayor of San Jose,
is at the Palace.
M. Dudley, a hotel man of Los Angeles,
is* lit the Grand.
Dr. A. L. Wilson and wife of Tulare
are at the Lick.
O. F. Paxton, an attorney of Portland,
is at the Palace.
A. Borders, a merchant of Tulare, and
wife, are at the Lick.
F. Phiscator, one of the Klondike ar
gonauts, is at the Grand.
Amos Burr of the Vanderbllt line xrfn
leaVe for Los Angeles to-
Dr W. J- Terringer, a prominent phy
sician of Chicago, is at the Palace.
John Gill will return to-day from a
business trip throughout the South.
C. B. Moseley. wife and children, of
Nashville. Term.. are at the Occidental.
Dr. C. T. Poore, a prominent New York
physician, is at the Palace with his wife.
> Every Friday
« afternoon chil
dren of the Pa
cific H-ights
School have a
mental parade.
Then tho teach
'• ers try to un-
SHE WAS
A
PATRIOT.
earth latent gen
ius and discover the peculiar talents of
their pupils. The school children always
put on their holiday clothes and give
their budding genius a vigorous dress
ing. One young lady, tho pride of the
class, with an understanding and wit
far beyond her years, which her mother
says are twelve, distinguished herself last
Friday in BUCh fearful fashion that her
parents will not have to buy school hooks
for some time. The teacher was proud
of this little girl, and to show the effect
of her teaching on the mind of youth
Bhe Invited several friends to visit her
during school hours. The particular di
vertisement of this Friday afternoon was
a wholesale coining of mottoes. Every
pupil In the class had a chance, and
thero were- a lot of beautiful aphoristic
flowers in that bouquet. All the car
dinal virtues were worked to death and
the vices were all shunned. It was quite
a Sunday school affair until the bright
member of the class had her fling. As a
fine finish the teacher left her out of the
fight until the last and then called her
in on the reserve. "Now. Lily, this Is
your turn. Give us a real good one,"
she said.
Lily did. It was this:
.•To With Spain, Remember the
Maine " And now Lily is enjoying the
bright warm sunshine when other pious
motto-coiners are buried in their books.
G. F. Herr. ticket agent for the South
ern i'acific Company at Los Angeles, is
In town.
Thomas Graves, a rancher, and New
man Jones, an attorney, of Salinas, are
at the Rusp.
Charles F. Gaussig. United Slates Ma
rine Corps, has been assigned to duty
at NT are Island.
V/. W. Felton, proprietor of a larpe
match factory in Mazatlan. and wife, ara
at the Occidental.
Joaquln Reduoluja Cullacan. Lurfo <ie
Stuartes and J"?-" M. Munlllo, Mexican
merchants, arrived yesterday and are
ping at the Occidental.
George L. Seebrecht, Sheriff of San
Antonio; Sidney Shepherd, Deputy Sher
iff, and C. A. Heltig of La Grange, Tex..
arrived yesterday with three Chinese who
were Bmugjfled over the herder without
certificates. They will rted to
their mother country on the next
steamer. •
I >r. W. J. Younger of Chicago arrived In
th« city yest.rday and was greeted by a
legion of friends. He San Fran
tor twenty-five years or mor<
formed an extensive profesional and
sonal acquaintance. Dr. Younger i
many years in the National Guard of
California, and attained the rank of col
onel on the staff of the commander in
chief, He will remain here until the mid
dle of September.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— James P. Lyn
ett of San Francisco is at the Fifth Ave
nue; V. Jackson of San Francisco is at
the Vendome; S. Perkins of San Francisco
has gone to Paris.
THE VOLUNTEER ENGINEERS.
More than two hundred persons applied
for enlisting papers the other day at th&
recruiting office of the First Regiment,
United States Volunteer Engineers, 335
way. The engineer corps is to be
made up of electricians, linemen, steam
engineers, railroad men, track men, sur
veyors, lumberman, carpenters, masons,
sailors, boatmen, riggers, dock builders,
blasters, pipe calkers, blacksmiths,
wheelwrights, cooks, tailors and, shoe
makers.
"Such a regiment." said Adjutant
Biamwell, "will be entirely new to the
United States service. It is the plan fol
lowed in the European armies, and its ad
vantages will be at once apparent. Here
tofore the men in the engineer regiments
in service here were drilled and instructed
as miners and sappers, and their ability
ran chiefly to the construction of fortiil
cations. We want experts in thr^
rious lines, and our chief aim Is to have
each squad commanded by a sergeant
who knows how to work the men in these
various branches. Drilling and tactics
will be of secondary consideration, but
will receive sufficient attention. One> idea
is that if bridge building is required we
can at once call on one. or more squads
for the work, and so in every other
branch of work. It is my impression that
battalions of the regiment will be sent
into service soon after being sworn in,
and when it is completed the servi. ■
have the finest body of practical men
composing an engineer regiment that it
is possible to obtain."— New York Com
mercial Advertiser.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main MM& ♦
Stationery and Printing.
K.iti-i-i<oor pencils. Waterman pens,
Paul's inks. Berkshire typewriter p
' tablets, papetries and envelopes.
Engraving and printing of invitat;
specialty. Sanborn. Vail & Co., Til Market
street. •
Cremation In Norway.
The Norwegian Parliament has pamod
a law dealing with cremation. .V !-
Ing to the act. ctvtv person over IB
of ase can be cremated after death if
he or she has made a declaration in the
presence of two wlti For those
under 15 a declaration on the part of the
parents is necessary.
"Mrs. Winslow's
Soothing Syrup"
F^as been used over fifty years by millions ol
mothers for their children while Teethln* with
perfect success. It soothes the child, soften,
the Rums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoea*, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mn.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
To Portland and Return $20 First-
Class.
Account Pacific Coast/ Dental Congress. By O.
K. and X. Co.'a steamer, sailing August 13.
Inquire at 630 Market stroet.
HOTEL DEL COKONADO-Take advantage
oX the round-trip tickets. Now only $ r , O by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at ho
tel; longer stay M '.0 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street San Francisco.
. ■; tFAY CALLED
DOWN BY
THE MAYOR
:Q:ri3ered to Desert
;::-HjVicNab's Camp.
BAHJFty FORCES VICTORIOUS
CO^Gr'ItESSMAN MAGUIKE BUSY
"•"" :., •• ■ ! MENDING FENCES.
Vlt Is /How Claimed That the Harney
. Democrats Have Been Prof
•••■•; -feted a Doubtful Com
'"'.;. : .- > ■ promise.
••'. "The fight for the Democratic nomination
.tor .Co'nsress from the Fourth District
.promise's to' be a bitter one. "Whispering*"
; txayi.ii McNab hoped to capture the plum,
•but -it" js' said that he now realizes that he
;'-is.puX"-of he. race. James H. Barry, who
". is.ejßdit-od- with bringing about the down
.. frill/ e-f '.the "Whispering Boss, has now
■turned his 'attention to ex-Judge Lawler,
- J',. J:.' .D'wy'e'r, Joseph Kelly and Sammy
1 Brtiunh'art, and the contest has now be-
■ . -. -all race, with the chances
pHgffrtly ;in .favor of Lawler and Barry.
'vltf Js /said; that Dwyer is only in the
'.field, -toj-def eat McNab, but it is generally
believed.' he would not hesitate to enter
.." the : lists' against the Republican candidate
■ If hi- /■■ are the nomination. That
. MCX&p's .power is completely broker is
now 'conceded by every Democrat familiar
: XvirhX -.trie, developments of the last few
• At the meeting of the Committee
■ Hundred a week ago Char!
. ■who :is- -credited with being Mayor Phe
. . .^mputhpiece, supported McNab, there-'
••pyiglying the Barry forces a severe shock.
It transpires, however, that Fay acted in
his '.lndividual capacity and not ;<s th?
■leader .of the Phelan forces. The day fol
lowing the meeting Barry's friends called
Mayor and demanded an explana
ly's conduct. The Mayor de
■ 4 'that he was not in any manner in
■ n'pr'in the Congressional fight, and
'.' aent '-*<oc Mr. Fay. Fay was cold to drup
. Kls-SH ■ AcNab and remain neutral.
Th'eSe 1 Instructions, which were impera
:.w.ere- followed and at the meeting 1 of
":. the CQnimittee night before last he openly
■ -"_t-»i McNab. As soon us Fa
.feVtu-'ii ; wa.s noticed the office-seek
"•the committee, who • ore thai f<
oping thereby to stand in with
■.-.- deserted the McNao camp and
As they pleased. The result was
. away with tne slate and
t an open me.
VXtnong many well-informed Democrats
thfe; op'taipn 'prevails that ex-Judge Law
"lndian" of the Fourth Dis
■a/id that he will cut in and gel the
Dwyi-r's candidacy adds a
nt in the battle, and it is not
fefy- known just what his int>
: !-;.'.'-h-e is sincere In to de-
Mc-Nab, think he
-. .fj ■ ■ : ; Lawler or I'.arry.
■ : :• c ■■' ■ : ' ..re is actively at
■].W6.rk"-J ' • -vent any sliji in
invention, xes
■ ■■■ '.-was In consultation with Chair
. ' ly, and tii
i. 7t is proposed
Ites, If possible,
n=t them from gaining a hearing
■ . ■ ': '
■-'■■'•■■ iext week the first
' : •' ' • ■' ■ ' ■; .. ■ is the San Fr;: I
■ • .' ' to the
■ ■■.:'■ ' ap
■ llu.i
- i they were not
This will provoke the
.■:.■'■ Jt'h.alt. -promises to make the gathering
•■ ■ . ;
-,ow being made to secure
; ng the warring Democrats. A
■•-.-■ . . " red to the 1 lar
:: " . : -. .■■A-::ii )i. it Is said, may be a pt
.. ;.. • • : of One
...V ■ - • .: sition that
into the convention, a;id
both factions
■.;.... The Harneyites
-.:■ ■ ■ ■■ g the preposition, and will
.. . ■■ ■ known their intentions in
';■_. .. '.two.
REPUBLICAN COUNTY
■■.^ COMMITTEE ADJOURNS
. Coniinittee Appointed to Draft Reso
• •■ ' iutibns on Death of Chairman
.■;"';• '. Manwaring.
übllcan County Committee met
ng at the headquarterß In the
Zir]kand building, but adjourned immedl
t to the memory of
trrroan Charles Manwaring, who dic-d
. ■ ■;■■'■ ■.. '■ rdaj tei aoon.
-. i-:. Marks, and A.
; ■ da committee to pre
tu.tions on the death of the
:-• •'the •committee will meet again npxt
: evening to ratify the- selection
:id perform other nee
. .'.rsww/k.
■ 'OfeGENT IN
;.:.:;;■■• :. THEIR REGISTRATION
• Yawing ' Men's Republican Club of the
•"• ••••V-. Thirty-Eighth District Is
.'./•-. ; ;":- ' " Active.
"SoTii?, : fifty 'members of the Young Mens'
■ : Bepiii:>lfein Club of the Thirty-eighth dla
• .trictCm.St" Judire Mogan's courtroom
.""'l/ijjt ' -flight, ami adopted a resolution that
each' sftouid." pledge himself to register and
. ; W.- : to-ft.Vfiat every Republican he knows
■■:■■■■ registered; Short speeches were
•marte s .ti>V. -President I^ewis W. Martin See
"•Tftaki: -Arthur m. Currie and I rank h f .
.Spchicer: :A committee composed of i- rank
■■tJ.-P.pbb-.ii^i S. Schwartz was appointed to
: secure U.fjVrmanent meeting place for tne
r . report next Thursday n ght at
! Ju'dgii Slogan's courtroom.
■-'; • ."tse; beab club mourns.
. Ad'jaui-ris . Out of Respect for the j
-'•• '■■■■'Mpjii.oTj of the Late Charles
•' ■•(.;.;••..• Manwaring.
..' .-The.;^ear. Club held a well-attended
...TrHK-'j.tnK.-Vast evening at its headquarters
fri tfce-jVhe B'ritta building on Eddy street.
.." thV;-.tib,s'ence of the president A. B. Tru
•• niiin^iibQsWed. O. A. Tolle feelingly an-;
■"' »6.u-n'fctr<l the death of their fellow member,
: ehiCcl-es •' \S'. Manwaring, who had long
■ : itch; A;.\.. •■. active ember of the club. !
'Mr-vMuifwarlng had for over four years
been;. chairman of the Republican County
. •.feumhittt'ee, -and was : ted for his purity
•of iJu,i''rt.qse. School Director Head paid a
. h;ig>i ; tribute to the memory of the de
' ceased.- -A committee Istlng of O. A. :
:ToLi.e. : :E.-L,. Head, L. E. Jones, Captain
•-James:. A.: Margo, and C. E. Fredericks
•■=ivii£ appointed to draft resolutions of c0n
...• ■■•.:-i)ii ' his death. It was resolved to
"nttV)rd.;th« funeral In a body and the sec
.:.fv.'ta.: ry;.:was Instructed to notify members
: and; the executive committee to prepare
«3a.pprpp.riate mourning badges The meet
in^-llhen," adjourned out of respect to the
■memory of the deceased member.
.;■ .., • Garfield Republican League.
. .The executive committee of the Garfleld
■Rep-übJlcan League met last evening at
. Vk> Xfohtgomery street. It was decided to
■ hold" the- ratification meeting high Jinks
■' and 'annual election of officers of the
league on September 1.
- •The league indorsed Henry C. Dibble
•"for ■ the Republican nomination for the
Assembly in the Forty-first District.
: '■ Judge Bachelder addressed the meeting
-in fiiyor of the candidacy of Senator
•Thomas Flint for the gubernatorial nomi
nation.
A uniformed flambeau corps will be or
ganized under the auspices of the league,
1 officers to be elected at the next meeting.
REAL WILL
REAP THE
WHIRLWIND
Effect of Frauds at the
Primaries.
ELECTION IS AN £YE-OPENER
SHORT LIFE FOR THE JOY OF
THE GANG.
Exciting Times Predicted in the
Santa Clara County Conven
tion to Be Held on
Saturday.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 11.— The frauds and
crookedness employed by the Rea forces
at the primaries yesterday have created
much sentiment and several hundred
votes for tho Good Government Ix-ague.
Heretofore the better clans of voters did
not believe such unclc-an work was pos
sible In politics, but now that they have
seen a specimen of It they are louder than
ever In denouncing machine methods.
The tactics employed to down the oppo
sition ticket were worse thnn even Buck
ley attempted in his palmiest days in
San Francisco. Honest and independent
Republicans claim that yesterday's
tion will result in great good, and the sen
tlment an. used against the gang will
prove a boomerang to Rea in the fall elec
tion. As it is. Ken's p< riod of happiness
over his alleged victory promises to be
short.
The Good Government League claims
forty-five of the 165 delegates in the
REGISTER TO-DAY.
T^egistrcttioxi. Closes on ;
3Vlonca.a,3r set 3VCi<3Lnigli.t. |
DO NOT LOSE YOUR VOTE,
county convention. In the Fifty-fourth.
Fifty-fifth and Fifty-sixth districts they
claim that had the Democrats been ex
cluded they would hav< their
tickets. Charges of fraud and ballot-box
stuffii i made In these .Us. nets
The Rea <!• legations to the Coi
conventions will be conti
and evidence looking to this end is being
accumulated by tip Good Government
... plenty of It. and a large
tffldavita is now in ppssj
of the league. These show plainly that
• ! voting; that Democrats
voted in droves; thai Ballot boxes were
stuffed, and that there was nut a tan
C °ln nt many «of the precincts money and
empty promises were freely used to get
votes, and out in the county voters were
promised all kinds of county work If they
would support the gang ticket. Others
intimidated and stayed away from
ll "l'f the returns from the primaries are to
serve as a criterion, Santa Clara Countj
.- the banner Republican county for
to come. Taking the county all
through, there wen iblican
votes cast yesterday than were cast for
McKinley for President, and yet probablj
one-half of the Republicans stayed away
from the polls. This >Uy true In
the city and adjoinli |
latter precincts most of the Repul
saw how things were being conducted,
and refused to voi
Tn e ta are ashamed of the way
their members voted, and in some dis
tricts there are s »•«
almost impossible to find
election officers when the Democratic
primaries are held in September.
-\ couple of precincts will serve to
show how "Republican" votes were piled
U p under Rea's management yesterday.
The vote ai Oak Grove was MM and E\er
ereen 12L Two years ago the former gave
McKinley 68 and Evergreen east 83. At
Clara the primary vote ex<
McKinley r- ■ thesainp
11 0 \ anty. in the city it s fig
ured out that three Democrats voted to
publican. /-.„„,»
The strength developed by the Good
igue is a surprise to every
it claimed a membership ol isoa
and' this was substantiated by the vote m
all the precincts of the county, it.
voting strength of aboul 2000 was < evel
op ,i and This In the face of fraud and
ballot-box stuffing. Had the count been
fair and had thi i full vote of the
honest and Independent Republicans the
ie ticket would have won easily.
ild the gang delegates be
at Sacramento. "Jim" Rea will conduct
; a regular mart, lie wants Austin for
Secretary of State, and in trying to land
his man the delegation will be traded
' right and left All Other Inter.
■ the county will be casi aside to further
Austin's nomination. Rea's ambition
!to Eft a (standing te boss is
• prompting him to put Austin forward
"Now thai the primaries are over, candl
are flo iking to Rea's office In a
.■ stream. For every office within
.-id of the county convention there
are half a dozen candidates, and th<
• tt de as many promises as there are
candidates. Some ol the candidat<
I beginning to see they were tricked into
supporting the ring ai the primaries and
are beginning to kick over the traces.
The convention will be held Saturday at
! Turn Vereln Hall. The forty-five dele
1 gates of the Good Governemni ciub
> promise to make things lively. There
I will be much debate and a stubborn
; ftirht to break the ring programme.
Charles M. Sbortridge and J. D. Rel
nrv are Becking the Republican nomina
tion for Senator In the Thirtieth Dls
] trict Franck, who refused to take or
ders' from the gang during the last elec
tion of a United States Senator, is to
be shelved it Is Bald that Shortridge will
run Independent if refused the nomlna
i choice for Assemblymen are:
Fifty-fourth District. I-ouis Eittel;
Fifty-fifth, Louis Oneal; Fifty-sixth,
County Superintendent of Schools 1..
T Chipman lias announced himself
Independent candidate for re-election to
j that office.
THE YOUNG MEN
ARE ORGANIZING
Eight of the eighteen clubs forming the
Young Men's Republican League have
now been organized, and three more will
be formed next week. On Monday night,
the young Republicans of the Thirty-sev
enth district will organize; on Tuesday
nicht "those of the Thirty-sixth, and on
Wednesday night the Fortieth district will
have a new club. In all these districts,
besides being active In club organisation,
the young Republicans are looking closely
after the matter of registration.
It Has No Equal.
Smith's Dandruff Pomade for dandruff,
itching scalp and falling hair; guaranteed
to give satisfaction or money refunded;
by all druggists; price^soc. Sample sent
free by Smith Bros., Fresno, Cal. •
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGLTST 12, 1898.
DEMOCRATS
HOLD CLUB
PRIMARIES
Delegates From Ala
meda County.
FEW CONTESTS ANYWHERE
A MAJORITY CLAIMED FOR
POPOCRAT MAGUIRE.
All Elected Will Unite to Carry Out
Any Plan for Unseating the
Gould-Alford-McNab
Gang.
OAKI-AXD, Aug. 11.—
Delegates at lnrKfi— R. P. Fitzgerald, W. W.
Foote. M. F. Tarpey.
Oakland— First Ward: J. C. Bullock, F. W.
Leonhard, J. V. Powers. Second Ward: K.
J. Errlcson, William Hf-affey, J. J. Furrell, P.
Kavanaugh. Third Ward: W. B. White, .Tames
L&wtoa, James Slngen. Fourth Ward: C. W.
Setta Maim, M. N. Hennings. Fifth
\V;.r,l: Warren B. English, Henry C. McPike.
Sixth Ward: Patrick Italian, C. IX O'Gara,
P. r. Dalton. Seventh Wanl: M. J. Lay
mance, J:tm<-s Mulgrrew, W. ('. I'rice.
Oakland (outside) — 11. Mullally. William
Sweeney, W. 11. Christie.
Berkeley— James O'Neill, Charles Gilchrist,
Daniel Madden.
Eden Township— E. J. Holland.
Baa Lorenno M. J. Kirwin.
Hajrwards— P. (J.idcheaujc.
Pan Leandro. Murray Township — Daniel Mur
phy aud tieorge Beck.
Uvermore .
Pleac&nton, Washington Township— H. Dus-
v rbury-
Alame.lfl— F. W. Vnogt. John O'Brien. S. S.
1 Crandall, T. C Stoddanl, John Halt^n.
The.-: an- the delegates to the Demo
! cratic State Convention, elected at the
club primaries held in Alameda County
this afternoon and evening. There were
i no contests except In the Third and Sixth
war is in Oakland and these wore purely
local in their nature.
A majority are claimed for Magulre first
and last, although there are some who be
wlth W. \v. Foote, that it would be
better for the party to suffer temporary
Li than to submit to the dictation of
i the Populists in the matter of the guber
; natorial nomination. But if these dele
or a majority of them— will support
the "Littlee Spotted <;iant." It is equally
certain that everj one of them will also
BUpport any plan that may be inaugurated
by the Interior delegations for the unseat
ing of the McNab sang from San Francis
co. It Is doubtful If there is a Democrat
in Alameda County who does not de
nounce the work of the political outlaws
across the bay, and If there is any possi
ble chance to overthrow them, Alameda
County partisans may be safely counted
on to assist in- the purification of the par
ty. Mast of the delegation will go to Sac
ramento Sunday night, ready to enter into
the thick of the fray.
In all the scheming and jobbing essen
tial to a ward politician conducting his
own campaign for Governor, Dr. Pardee,
as he stops to "spit" on his hands, pre
paratory to talcing a fresh "holt," finds
one thing to exult over, and, naturally .
he has to tell the world all about It. Like
a child with a stick of candy, all his sor
rows of yesterday are forgotten in his
newer Joy, and Dr. Pardee may now
justly claim that his fight is progressing
beyond his most ardent expectations.
To-night, with all the eclat of bold
faced type and (laming headlines. Dr.
Pardee announces to his admiring con
stituents that at last he has been able
to draw a crowd without the aid of either
a brass band or bonfire.
This is gratifying, indeed, for hereto-
It has been generally regarded as
essential that he have both accessories
in order to get anybody to listen to him.
Now that he has tried the experiment,
and found that freaks will call the cu
rious, even without flaring brass and blaz
ing tar barrels, Dr. Pardee. will probably
dismiss the half dozen musicians who
have nightly escorted him on his weary
rounds, while the Alameda small boy
will find a steady sourer' of revenue from
"hooking" fence boards and other com
bustible material cut off.
Let all r«jolce with the doctor, for.
poor man, his enemies have got him
headed down a mighty thorny trail just
at present, and are goading him on to
such a pace that he tlnds little enough to
joy over.
STes, there Is one more source of com
fort to the doctor. In the same issue of
his organ that tells of his capabilities as
a museum attraction, Dr. Pardee finds
time and space to chortle mildly over his
fine work In the Bnclnal City in "stock
ing" the unpledged delegates, so called.
But this x:< ' la destined to end in woe,
for the Pardee tactics have thoroughly
aroused every Republican In the town,
and an opposition ticket will be in the
field, and not a nanio on it will be a Par
admirer.
The case of Alameda Is an Illustration
of the revulsion of sentiment that has
taken place in the past few weeks. When
Pardee first announced himself a candi
date, he had many warm friends over
there, who would have remained loyal
through thick and thin had it not been
for his arbitrary methods. But Dr. Par
eemed to regard Alameda as his by
right of Conquest and would not brook the
mention of Davis or any other aspirant
for the office. His friends grew restive
and the revolt came when Pardee impu
dently told thorn and his friends else
where that he would not trust them to
name delegates, hut would make up the
lists himself. The Alamedans declared
they would throw off the Pardee yoke and
name delegates, through their clubs, un
pledged to any man. but who would go
to Sacramento entirely free to work for
the best Interests of the county. By some
hook or crook, Pardee managed to .^neak
in six of his friends on this club lint, giv
ing three to Brown, thereby shutting Da
vis out entirely, besides throwing three
votes in the county to an outsider. Da
vis' friends were furious while the great
majority of Pardee's former admirers
openly denounced the job. They deter
mined to put up another ticket, and Deed'
less to say. no man svho is under the
slightest suspicion of being friendly to
.. will find his name on it. This
ticket will be elected beyond a doubt and
Pardee will Und to his cost that Ala
meda's nne delegates will be for Davia,
whereas had he kept his hands off ho
might have had them, should the eitu
ation at Sacramento show at any time
that they would do him any good.
This Is only one instance of how Pardee
is beating himself. Jn the Fourth Ward
in Oakland, where six weeks ago nobody
but Pardee was heard of, the shouts have
become stilled since the doctor baa given
out his little list with orders to his fol
lowers to vote for them blindly. There
are names on that list that good Repub
licans cannot and will not accept, and as
Hcans cannot and will not accept, and
as Pardee refuses to change them
there are rumors of discontent heard
now where formerly only joyous huzzas
rang out before. In the First, Third and
Sixth Wards the situation is about the
same as in the Fourth, while in the
Seventh, Pardee'a old home, the Davis
men are openly claiming they will carry
the ward. Berkeley and Washington and
Murray Townships are BOlid for Davis,
while Eden is debatable ground. Pardee'a
Bhoutera— that Is the courthouse push,
which the doctor denounced nve years
ago as unclean and corrupt— still make
brave assertions that the doctor will get
anywhere up to 60 per cent of tho dele
gation, but it is painfully evident they
are whistling in the dark and that their
assertions merely voice their desires.
R. W. Snow is announced with a flour
ish as Pardee'S candidate for delegate
at-large from Alameda County. This
means that Mr. Snow has been promised
Pardee'a support in his light fur Mayor
of Oakland next spring.
J W. Nelson was the last man to re
ceive the doctor's doubtful support tor
the Mayoralty, and though he had the
indorsement of almost all the political
bodies, the Pardee handicap was bo great
that ho was badly beaten by J. L. !
who was only incumbered by ihe Populist
nomination.
Following is the complete list of the
officers of election for the different poll
ing places at the Republican primaries
to take place to-morrow. The polls will
be open from 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.
FORTY-SIXTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Alvarado Precinct — Inspector. J. <;. Van
depeer; judse. George Althauser, clerks, Man
uel George and I. V. Ralph. Vote at Odd Pel
lows' Hall. TI _ „ .
Nlles Precinct— Inspector, H. E. M
judge J H Hudson; clerks, E. E. Southwlck
and M. B. Sueden. Vote at Joe .Roderick's
barbershop.
Newark Precinct—lnspector, George Wales;
Judge W W. Watkins; clerks, William Dv-
Ktin and C. Cokefair. Vote at John Dugan'a
" cSntervUle Precinct— Inspector, C. W. Riser;
judge J F. Brandon; clerks, P. Sanabolt ana
It. Lynch. Vote at Gregory H
Washington Precinct -Inspector, K. J- Isnaert;
Jadfre L. B Osgood; clerks, T. D. Wet
and George <'^h- Vote at Odd Fellows' build
"l-Laywardß precincts 1 and 2, Castro Valley
and Palomareo— Inspector, \.. B. Chandler;
Judge, James X Hollls; clerks, Henry E. Bru
ner and James W. Ramage. Vote at town Hall,
Corral Hollow Precinct — Inspector, J. C.
Richards; Judge, w. C. Horswell; clerks, Al
r'n-'l Famaris r\;>.d Walter Henry. Vote at
Liverniore ir."\ncts 1 and 2, Murray pre
vincta 1 anil 2 and Altamont
Barnes; j;idK«\ O. s. Llverraore; clerki
Dleckhoff and Am. is Clark. V..v- at Llver
more.
Pleasanton precincts 1 anil 2 and Dublin-
Inspector. A. 11. Burnell; Judge, A. B. Lewis;
clerks, Frank Lopez and C. S. White. Vote at
Town Hall, Uvermore.
sun"l Precinct Inspector, Charles Hadsell;
judije, George Trimminghara; clerks, H. H.
Ellis and Frank King. Vote at Rambeauld'a
vacant store
FORTY-SEVENTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Alameda, Precincts 12 and 13, First District—
Judge, 11. C. Uallheimer; inspector. Andy
I'eterson; clerks, H. B. Header and A. R.
Decker.
Vote at l."03 Webster street.
Second District, Precincts 8, 9. 10 and 11—
Judge, P. Lombard; Inspector, R. S. Falconer;
clerks, 11. Darneal and W. B. Fitch.
Vote at Enclnal Hall building, Bay Station.
Third District, Precincts part of 1 and all of
3, 4 and 7 — Judge. E. K. Johnson; inspector, F.
W. Greeley; clerks, George C. Bordwell and J.
i;. Hadlcy.
Vote at 1603 Park street.
Fourth District, Precincts balance of 1 and
all of 2. 5 and 6— Judge, George E. Clark; in
spector, F. W. Thompson; clerks, A. S. Barber
and F. J. Whiting.
Vote at 2302% Encinal avenue, near Park
street. >. -,v .:.<
Fruitvale, Precincts 1. 2 and 3 — Judge, Q. E.
Bason; inspector, P. H. Blake; clerks, C. 11.
Lewis and John A. Sanborn.
Vote at east side of Fruitvale avenue, south
of Washington street.
Brooklyn, Precincts 1 and 2— -Judge. John
Hamilton; inspector, J. O. Clarage; clerks, J.
D. Armstrong and L. W. Murdock.
Vote at Red Men's block.
San Leandro, Precincts 1 and Judge,
George Smith; inspector, Martin V. Rltter;
clerks, John W. Haas and Louis J. Martin.
Vote at Town Hall, Ban Leandro.
Ban Lorenzo, Precincts 1 and i and Mount
Kden I—Judge,1 — Judge, Edward O. Webb; Inspector,
Henry B. Martin; clerks, H. E. Crane arid
Harrle T. Smith.
Vote at Village Hall, San Lorenzo.
FORTY-EIGHTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Fifth Ward, Third and Sixth Precincts—ln
spector, W. X. Van de Mark; fudge, A. W.
Bishop; clerks, W. E. Dean-. C. F. ■ Scofleld
Vote at Schellhaas' store. Eleventh and Frank
lin streets.
Sixth Ward— lnspector, E. Farrell; judgp, G.
•W. Arper; cleAs, E. Gecking. F. Reier Vote
at 407 Eight street, Gallndo Hotel building.
Fourth Ward. Precincts 3, 4, 5. C and 7—ln
spector, George W. Hoi?uet; Judge, Fred A.
Davis; clerks, M. Tobriner, James Bailey.
Vote at 866 Market street, corner of Eighth.
FORTY-NINTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT. '
Second Ward, Precinct I Judge, B. L. Glbbs;
Inspector, James Fleming; clerks, i: Hughes
Jr.. Henry Cruz. Vote at Thirty-second and
Peralta. V-
West Berkeley Precinct— lnspector, A. J. Lo
pez; judge. B. Hamilton; clerks A. Larson,
Charles Gilmartin. Vote at no Delaware street.
Lorin Precinct — Inspector, George Galloup;
judge, Captain Robinson; clerks, Nathan
ADVERTISEMEjSTTS.
-B — — — — — 0 - It— a — — B— B— □ — — E3 — S3— B-
J\ PARALYSIS
I CURED!
J^^|^^^^^^^P Another Happy Man Testifies to the
i Grand Results Received From Dr.
Sanden's Electric Belt.
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 10, IS9S.
DR. SANDEN— Dear Sir: I will be more than pleased to make known the bene-
fits that I have received from wearing your "Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt." I had
been Buffering with paralysis at my right side for several years, which made it almost
impossible for me to do any kind of work, my right arm being about useless. Your
Belt was recommended to me and I concluded to try it. It was about two months
ago when I started to wear the Belt you advised, and I am happy to pay.it hus
helped me wonderfully. After wearing the Bell a short time I began to notice a
change in my Bide and continued to Improve until to-day, when I can honestly say
that the paralysis has entirely disappeared. I have full use of my arm and feel
better In -every way. I had been troubled with pains in my back and head, but they
have also disappeared. I can truthfully Bay that 1 owe my health at the present
time to the use of your "Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt," and will always be willing to
recommend It to any one suffering as I was. You can refer any one to me and I
will gladly tell them the good I have received from the Belt. Very truly,
JOHN SCHOLL, 1305 Castro st.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
To men who are weak Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is worth its weight
in gold. It gives new life to the weak nerves and restores the most
precious element of manly power. If you are weak call and see Dr.
Sanden or send for his book. > ■■->*,'•;
READ "THREE CLASSES OF MEN."
■ This a grand book, written by Dr. Randan for weak men, and all men suffering
from the failure of vitality In any organ of the body. It is full of joyous news to
weak men. It is free. Try, Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt if you. are weak. Call or
address 'i- T -? ".f-.i.~ ',' ;••*--
DR. A. T. SANDEN, * not IN drug stores.
702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Franeisej. '
Office hours. Ba. m. to 8 p.- m. ; Sundays, 19 , Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
to 1 Branches at Los Angeles. Cal.. 2044 Ib n * ver sold In drug stores
South Broadway; Portland. Or.. 253 Washing- nor by traveling agents; only
ton street; Denver. Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; at our office. ■■ • -
Dallas. Tex.. 255 Main street. ♦ — ■ if
-■-■-■- ■-■-■-■-*-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-
Pushle, Leo Rodgers. Vote at 11. D. Irwin's
■
Golden Gate Precinct — Inspector, James
O'Conner; judge. T. J. Frailer; clerks, Wil
liam Young, A. Beaman. Vote at Freeman s
Hotel.
Emeryville and Bay Precincts— lnspector, H.
Emery; iud Hawk; clerks, J. C.
Coburn. Frank Harris. Vote at Town Hall,
Emeryville.
First Ward, Precincts 1, 2, 3, 4 and s— Judge,
F. F. Jackson; Inspector, G. W. Drake; clerks,
E. M. Long, H. L. Nash. Vote at lt&i Seventh
street.
First Ward, Procinrts 6 and 7, and Fourth
Ward, Precincts 1 and J— Judge, George Par
ker; inspector, F. J. Wentworth: clerks, W. J.
Fred Bherrott, Vot< at southwest cor
ner seventh and Center Htn
First Ward, Precinct is, and Third Ward, Pre
cinct l-Judge. F. J. Wight; Inspector, T. P.
Wyckoff; clerks, A. E. Johnson, Daniel Mul
lins. Vote on south side of Fourteenth street,
between Peralta and Campbell.
FIFTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Fifth Ward. Precincts !. '1 and 7— lnspector,
John W. Tomptalns; judge, C. A. Fell; clerks.
Baxter Booth, C. T. Rudolph. Vote at City
Hall.
■1 Ward, Precincts 6, 7 and B— Judge,
George H. A. Dimpfel; inspector, K. B. Mars
ton; clerks, 8. Ca W. Dornln. Vote
at southeast corner Day place and Telegraph
avenue.
Second Ward, Precincts 2, 3, 4 and s—Judge,5 — Judge,
Is". S. Douglass; Inspector, T. F. Cook; rle-rk.s
Thomas Fr,-nry, Phi] Shepherd. Vote at San
Pablo avenue, ne ur Isatx lla •
Third Ward, Precincts 2, 3 and 4— Judge, P. :
.V Cameron; inspector, .r. H. W. Short; clerks, \
F. a. I^pwis, J. l. MeVey. YoU at Sullivan's, !
northeast corner Fifteenth ami Market streets.
Third Ward, Prei Ini is 5, (i and 7— Judge, j
George C. Merideth; Inspector, A. P. Leach;
clerks, W. P. Low, .!. W. Henderson. Vote
at 621 San Pablo avenue.
FIFTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Berkeley Precincts 1, 8, 9, 10 and 11— Judge,
H. D. Kelley; Inspector, G. T. Brush; clerks,
W. D. Wooster and W. K. Creed. Vote at
George Schmidt's office, 2131 Stanford place.
Berkeley Precincts 6 and 7— Judge, W. Broth
ers; Inspector, T. S. Carter; clerks, C. E. Boag
and J. W. White. Vote at South Berkeley
Hall, Shattuck and Ashby avenues.
Temeseal Precincts l, 2 and 3— Judge, A.
Rusch; Inspector, C. Pedrini; clerks, George
Colby and A. McAdam. Vote at Pedrini's
store.
Piedmont Precinct— S. F. Daniels; in
spector. William O' Conner; clerks, B. McDer
mott and Leon Smith. Vote at Squires" build-
Ing, Piedmont avenue.
Second Ward, Precinct 9— Judge. E. M.
Walsh; inspector, R. M. Price; clerks, Frank
H. Mason and Charles Bates Jr. Vote at Pied
mont power house. "'-'■■'?..•: *~-j,*
Fifth Ward, Precincts 4 and Judge, A. C.
Henry; inspector, John W. Ellis; clerks, George
Rice and W. M. Back. Vote at Kane ft Daley's
stable, Fourteenth nnd Webster streets.
Seventh Ward, Precincts 1 and 2— Judge, M.
V . Stewart; Inspector, C. D. Hayes; clerks,
Harry Newton and W. B. O'Banlon. Vote at
303 East Twelfth street. .
Seventh Ward, Precincts 3, 4. 5 and 6— Judge.
W. D. Thomas: inspector, David W. Macy;
clerks George A. turn Suden and Henry W.
[i ( ,an°. Vote at corner of East Fourteenth
street and Thirteenth avenue.
Seventh Ward, Precincts 7. 8 and 9— Judge,
John Marsh; Inspector, S. B. Adriance: clerks.
G. S. Proaser and Samuel Swift. Vote at UOo
Twenty-third avenue.
REPUBLICAN MEETINGS.
The West End Club and the Metcalf
and the Hilborn Supporters to
Meet.
ALAMEDA. Auk- 11.— The Young Men's
Republican Club of the West Knd will
a. grand housewarming in their new
wigwam to-morrow night. The building
viU seat l"' 1 "' people, ami it Is expected
that It will !>•• crowded. Besides speeches
by promineni Republicans, there will be
a programme of music, singing, jig danc
ing tumbling and club-swinging. A rous
ing timt- is expected.
On Monday evening m»xt tlmro will be
a Metcalf rally at Armory Hall, at which
Victor H. Metcalf, candidate for
gress, and other prominent Republicans
On Tuesday evening there will be a Hil
born rally at the same place, with Con
gressman Hilbom for the principal speak
er and other prominent Republicans to
assist him.
PRIMARY TICKET.
Candidates Who Are Pledged to Sup
port the Strongest Alameda
County Man.
ALAMBDA, Aug. 11.— Following is the
complete list of candidates for *l< l<
nvention who :tr«- p
to support the Alameda County man who
shall show the greatest strength in the
convention: 11. W. Meek, B. I>. Gray,
Y,\ !•'. Lynch, Egbert Stone Hug
ni. .ml. Henry Sev< alng, Ralph Ham
tallentine, .!. B. Lanktree, Henry
Tank P. S. Teller, C. 1-. Tisdale, George
Britt, .1. ' ' Bates .Jr.. W. K. Snow
There will be another ticket in the Held
Btrictly in the Interest of W. hi. \
but it la being printed In Oakland, and
every effort la being made to keep it a
secret. No one knows who are the candi
upon it.
Democratic Delegates of Marin.
SAN RAFAEL, At»&. 11.— The Demo
cratic county convention was held here
to-day, a large number of delegates being
present B. T. Miller ot Nicaslo was
■ i chairman of the convention and
Emmett U iyden of San Rafael secretary,
re elected dele
gates Sta te convent Ion : Jam< a
H. Wilkinj '■'•■ Cochrane, Janus
H. Keys, M. F. Cochrane and Frank E.
Rodgers. The convention Indorsed Frank
Democratic nominee for
the First Congressional District uf the
State.
Ventura Delegates Uninstructed.
VENTURA, Au«r. 11.— This afternoon a
county Republican caucus was held In
the Armory, when nine delega^s to the
ted. The dele
gates, who are noi Instructed, arc:
Thomas R. Bard, Roberi Stratheam, W.
I, Hardison, li. K. Snow Jr., L. W. An
drews C. H. McKevett, Orestea Orr, W.
H. Barnea and J. S. Collins.
Sutter's Democratic State Delegates.
XUBA CITY, A.ug. 11.— The Democratic
v Central Committee met thla ;'fi' r
and selected the following persona
• to the State convention: L.
:hvt. 11. i\ Stabler, K. S. Manon,
HumtT Sankey ami Thomaa Kerrigan.
Good Government League.
SAN JOSE, Aug. U.— There will bo a
..., f [ng of the i lood Government 1.
of Santa Clara County, at Rutherford
Hall, Han Jose, to-morrow (Friday)
'clock, pursuant to a call of the
■ ;; ry.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _____
O ' °
♦ ' Friday, August 12. *
I to=day I
♦ and .. I
I Saturday. ?
o t ° t ° A ° A fl®°
j big shirt waist sale! |
| ' v 3 o
o . .We say big because it's the greatest so far this season o
o — big sales at little prices — every woman watches for o
o just such sales, but they come seldom and pass quickly. o
♦ dimity percale calico crash ;
♦ waists waists waists • waists ?
O • O
o many Pj £* rlA^Afi attractive £
♦ qualities. (U vlvJZtWll variety. £
4- *
° on sale for ?
I $1. Tsc. 50c. I
o •" ♦
♦ The window display gives but a faint idea of the charming o
♦ color combinations and various styles see display in cloak dep't. o
° duck 1 600 yards of duck suit - cotton 2000 yards cotton cha| - °
o cnitincr in g and Scotch Oxfords, phnlllp«: '' es> 23 inches wide, in o
♦I U J, 8 28 inches wide, light andjo"^ light colors, small pat " $
o OC yu. medium colors — clean-up " C JJ 1 ** terns, regularly sc, clean- ♦
o prices cut from 10c to sc. up at 3c. ♦
♦ Oriental White and ecru, 2 to 4 ♦
? fanCY 0 ver a thousand yards of longc inches wide, worth BJc 4.
0 nfhhnn all-silk fancy ribbon in a iP - i and 10c, now 5c yard. . °
6 i UU ! great variety— bayadere , 10C I** ' 1\ to 5 inches wide, o
♦ lOC yd. and R oman stripes, worth 12J.C, now /Ac. $
♦ checks, plaids and mixed patterns, 3to 8 inches wide, worth 15c, now 10c. ♦
% reduced from 30c, 25c, 20c to clean- 2to 9 inches wide, worth 22c and 25c. ♦
up price, 15c. now 15c. °
! Help us to help the working women ! I
% What the "Examiner" said What the "Call" said ©
o August 10: August 10: o
X "The sweetest music to the ears of "An American flag will be the first q
V "the sewing women of San Francisco "piece of work to be done by the San i
▼ ■ "was that of the sewing machines "Francisco Women's Sewing Company. T
O "started at their new factory at Eighth I "It will be displayed In Cie windows ▼
4 "and Folsom. Hale Brothers furnished "of Hale Brothers as evidence of the "
O "the material and will dispose of the "newly organized effort to give em- ♦
a "finished product. The first piece of "ployment to a thousand needy sewing O
o "work turned 'out by these white "women in this city. Hale Brothers ♦
V "women and mothers will be a silk , "have given a large order for mend q
X "American flag, to be presented to "cotton underwear. Twenty-eight ma- ±
® "Bale's as a testimonial of the work- "chines are already giving work to Ji
♦ "ing women's gratitude." "needy ones.-" *p
O ♦
o This flag so kindly offered to Hale's will be accepted %
o and treasured with kindest wishes for the success of £
0 this effort of white women and mothers to fight ' °
♦ Chinese labor. We will display the flag in our win- °,
♦ dow and give them as much work as possible for °
♦ this and our other six huge stores. LJ I , o
° Hales. ♦
1 937 = 943-945=947 Market St., |
♦ o
0 Opposite Mason. . »
1 o
-AMUSEMENTS.
IGROSGO'S6RANDS
Walter Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Main 532
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . lOc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
LAST WEEK OF "OUR CALIFORNIA BOY.'
JAMES M. BROPHY
In a Magnificent Production of the Great Melo-
dramatic Success,
THE CHERRY PICKERS
200 NIGHTS IN NEW YORK.
First Time in San Francisco.
Beautiful Scenery! Startling Effects, Elaborate
Costumes! Picturesque Uniforms!
A Great Cast!
THE SENSATION OF THE DAY.
The Heßelmanns, World's Greatest Aeriar-
lsts: Lillian Burkhart and Company, in the
Dainty Comedietta, "Dropping a Hint"; O'Brien
& Buckley, Musical Continues; James Thorn-
ton New Songs and Satire; Macarte Sisters,
Great New Act: W. H. Windom and Black-
son Quartet; Angela Sisters, New Repertoire;
Wilton & Stack, Triple Bar Artists; Valbon &
Anthelmine, Vocalists.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
Next Week— The Great MLLE. TAVARY.
ALCAZAR. 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF
"CflmiLLE."
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
NEXT WEEK— LAST BUT ONE OF
LEU/IS MORRISON.
Monday and Tuesday nights, "I'AUST :
Wednesday night, "MASTER OF CEREMO-
NIES": Thursday and Friday, "FREDERICK
THE -GREAT"; Saturday matinee. Saturday
and Sunday nights, "YORICK'S LOVE."
fit VMUII Eddy, cor. Mason— Greatest Aero-
liflllA batic Novelty of the Age. ROYAL
TOKIO ACROBATIC WONDERS, Japan's Most
Skilled Balancers, Jugglers and Acrobats;
DARRELL & MILLER, ROCKWELL, STAN-
LEY, ROYCE SISTERS and Others. Admis-
sion Free. Matinee Sunday. '■, ■■
— , — , ____———
(Taii^ufcES
EXCURSION RATES ON RAILROADS
DDKT FAfc T g e eata x tt h t!^
iiiiiiiiiii
: AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOU OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Proprietor and Manager.
THE GR.AND OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT and to-morrow evening Verdi's
favorite opera
"IL TROVATORE."
TO-MORROW matinee and Sunday evening
Gounod's immortal opera,
"FAUST."
Next week Wagner's music-drama, "LO-
HENGRIN." A complete production. Seats
are now on sale.
Popular prices, 25c and 50c. N. B. — A re-
served seat for the matinee, 25c. Telephone
Bush 9.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
Last 3 Nights— Matjnee Saturday,
The Greatest of All Comedy Hits,
"HIS.:.ABSENT.:.BOY!"
As Presented by the
FRAWLEY COMPANY!
"ITS A CUP OF JOY."
A GREAT COMEDY CAST.
Next Monday— Great Revival of "TRILBY."
SPECIAL TRAIN
FOR
S/\IN MATEO,
ACCOUNT
GARDEN PARTY AND FETE.
To Be Held At
;.:•;' THE CROCKER RESIDENCE
SATURDAY August 13
TRAIN WILL LEAVE DEPOT
Third and Townsend sts.,'at -.■•■» P. M. Re-
turning, leave San Mateo at 5:00 P. M.
ROUND-TRIP TICKETS 50 CENTS
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
A GREAT VAUDEVILLE GATHERING.
IN THE FREE THEATER.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
Sultana, the Mother of Adgie's Lions,
AND HER THREE CUBS;
CANNON, THE 613- POUNDER. STILL
BOOMS!
10c. Including Zoo and Theater; Children, 6c.
SUTRO BATHS.
OF»JBIN NIGHTS.
Ot'«>n Dally from " *. m. until n p. m.
ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN 5o
ii..:;iinK. with admission. 25c: children. 30<v
.'•VfESKSfes&^JI B1 * ** 9 » non -poisonous
*<*.i^Bimft* MB <i^a remedy I for Unuorrhira,
>E|«s»'ooBE!O«fSi Gleet. Spermatorrhoea,
C-kJ%f io 1 tos'i\TS.\i'J Whites, unnatural <!ia-
Mmm Guaranteed Q charges, or any inflamnia-
S&bjf not to itrictare. tion. irritAtion or ulcers*
B^JPrtT'au contagion. tion of jucom Diem-
WSStheEyansChemiouCo. -»-»■«•. Non-astringent.
M^^CINCSNMATI.O J9B S°ldS ° Id by I>Pn rUU '
'SSjHSa.. usi jJSsdf or Sl ' nt '" pi a '" wrapper,
J^^,£V. " ' ' I<<s*s3 by express, prepaid, for
"/(JC^^BMW^'H $1.(X), or 3 bottles, *2.75.
• r % v Xi Circular »-mi ou request.
Ci J
MARKET ST. SJ.^gM^
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD .USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THff
great Mexican remedy: give* health KM
i itxtasrUi to the sexual orpin*. _ -
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver about the same.
Wheat and Barley dull.
The other Cereals inactive.
Hay came In from Missouri.
Feed and MillstufCs unchanged.
White Beans firm and colored lower.
6weet Potatoes declined.
Tomatoes scarce and higher.
Turkeys continue to advance.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs about tha same.
Fruit Market glutted. '
Dried Fruit unchanged.
Large Government orders for Provisions.
Hides firm.
Hogs continue to weaken.
PLENTY OF GOLD.
THE COUNTRY SUKK < IF AN ABUNDANCE
OF THE Vi:l.I."W MKTAL.
The circular of Henry Clews, under date of
New York, August 6, says: "The Stock Mar
ket maintains a very strong undertone in spite
of limited activity. Peace prospects, of course,
strengthen values; but the i.pproachlng ces
sation of the war had relatively little effect.
The sltoatio.i Is, however, relieved of very
serious doubts; there Will be no further big
bond Issues, and the possibility of international
complications is more remote than at any
time since tha war began. Home conditions
axe unchanged. We have so frequently re
marked upon the improved agricultural. Indus-
trial and commercial condition of the country
that repetition is unnecessary. Nothing ex
cept unforeseen troubles can prevent a higher
slock market. At the moment the marki-t re
fuw B to move upward with any degree of force,
because the big leaders are not prepared to
take the Initiative. Many are away; and the
best leaders wisely prefer to wait until the
critical period of the crop situation is safHy
passed. Should no vigorous damage happen,
the upward movement Is likely to be vigor
ously renewed without opposition.
' An important factor In the situation will be
the large Increase of gold production. Accord
ing to the Mint Bureau at IVushington the j
World's product of gold In 1537 was JIi4O.UOO.iKK).
and the product #f IS9S Is estimated at $275. -
©OO,OOO, an increase of $35,000,000. Africa leads
as a gold producer, and is expected to turn
out J7J.ouo.ow this year. Australia and the
United .States are close competitors as gold
producers, each being expected to turn ont
about $60,000,000 this year. The Klondike Is
not proving of the importance anticipated.
The most careful estimates are for a product
of $10,000,000 in 1898, which is smaller than
either California or Colorado; allfornia's prod
uct this year being estimated at $17,000,000 and
Colorado's nt J1'3,000,000. Ten years ago the
■worlds gold product was (110,000,000. Since
then It has been more than doubled, and now
amounts, as Just said, to about $275,000,000.
This does not look like any scarcity of the
precious metal, especially considering the pros
: new supplies and the Increasing use of
other forms of money. Certainly there -will be
no scarcity of gold in the United States; for In
addition to our Increasing output and the
Klondike supply we are likely to have a large
influx of gold in settlement of our trade bal
ance. The latter can be settled by returning
our a<»curtties. which Is not likely; by an out
flow of American capital into foreign coun
tries, which may occur to some extent now that j
the war is over: or by the sending of gold, j
that being the most probable outcome. Evi
dently, then, we are sure of having an abund
ance of gold In the country. At the same time
the banks are anxious to expand their circula
tion as soon as they can secure sufficient of
the new 3 per cent bonds; so the prospects are
for an abundance of cheai> money for some
time to come, and- we need hardly Inform our
clients that this is a powerful aid to a rising ;
market."
PUBLIC DEBT AND CASH.
The following: is a statement of the public
debt ani2 of th- cash in the treasury of the
Vnited States at the close of business July 31,
received from Secretary Gage: Interest-bearing
debt, $54T. 367,730; debt on which interest has
ceased since maturity, f1, 260, 050 26; debt bear
ing no interest, $384,297,441 64; certificates and
treasury notes, offset by equal amount of cash ;
In the treasury', $569,497,033; aggregate of debt,
f1.73Z.423.1M 90. Compared with the statement
issued June 30 the figures show a decrease of
certificates and treasury notes amounting to
00, and a decrease In the aggregate debt
of J-1.293.C30. The cash in the treasury at the
date mentioned was: Gold, J220.135.393 10; sil
ver. 1514.879,965 S3; paper, $90,294,617 23; bonds, !
minor coin, fractional currency, etc., $59,757,- ;
067 35; aggregate, $5&0,P69.96S 51. The cash bal- j
ance In the treasury June 30 was $205,657,570 76,
and on July 31, (264,844,215 06, showing an ln
creaee during the month of $49,186,644 30.
WEATHER REPORT.
Cl2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
HAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 11. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau Etatlons
In California:
Eureka. 60; Fresno, 112; Los Angeles, 90; Red
Bluff, 110; Independence, 102; San Diego, 76;
Sacramento, 110; San Luis Obispo, 82; Yuma,
106.
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 66;
minimum, 56; mean, 61.
WEATHEH CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS:
The pressure is highest off the Washington ]
and Oregon coasts and lowest in the interior of 1
Centra! C alifornla. The pressure Is rising
Blowly over the Pacific slope, excepting In Cen
tral California, where it is falling slightly.
The temperature has risen slightly over the
southern half of the Pacific slope and fallen
decidedly over Western ' Iregon and Washing
ton. The temperatures In the interior valleys
of California aj. proximate 110 degrees.
The weather is partly cloudy and somewhat
threatening in the mountain regions of Cali
fornia and Nevada.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. August 12, 1898:
Northern California — Partly cloudy Friday;
ecattered thunderstorms to-night and Friday
morning in the mountain regions; brisk to
high west winds on the coast; cooler In In
terior.
Southern California — Cloudy and somewhat
threatening In the interior, with occasional
thunderstorms In the mountains to-night and
Friday; fn>sh west wind.
Nevada — Probably thunderstorms to-night
end Friday morning in northwest portion;
cooler.
Utah— Probably occasional thunderstorms Fri
day in north portion; cooler.
Arizona— Fair to-night and Friday.
Ran Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Friday; brisk to high west wind in the after
noon.
Mount Tamalpaiß— Clear: wind west, 25 miles;
temperature, SS; maximum, 92.
G. H. WILLSON, Observer.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Aug. 11.— Today's business on
the Stock Exchange was the largest for many
months. Trading was very broad and compre- I
henslve and the tone of speculation extremely
varied. The general undertone continued un
usually strong. The decline in prices was not
allowed to proceed to any great length before
dullness ensued, and In a short time a renewed
demand would carry prices upward again, gen
erally on a much smaller volume of business
than on which they had declined. Business
was so large and so widely distributed that
movements of special stocks had little Influence
on the general list and the market at times
showed excessive Irregularity. Even while
large realizing was going on at one point an
eager demand would spring up at another and
keep the balance about even. Considering the
large total of the day's transactions net
changes are small. Orders placed with com
mission houses to buy stocks were large this
morning and more generally distributed than
at any time since the rise set in. This outside
demnnd was fed with a Steady stream of
stocks which obliterated the opening gain be
fore the end of the fir^t hour. A large part of
the outside orders especially In the grangers
were attributed to Western account. This buy
lag was induced by the unexpectedly favorable
ter of the Government crop report.
3ti-:ilizing was on a greater scale In Burlington
and Hock Island than In the other grangers,
jK-.ssibly due to the comparatively less favor
able showing of the corn crop. The advance In
Atchison preferred brought out such a flood of
offerings that the demand seemed to be.
abandoned largely and turned to other low
priced stocks. A number of preferred railroad
stocks which have not yet come to the full
dividends to which they are entitled and some
of the Junior stocks on which a surplus over
preferred stock has been earned but not dia
: were especially prominent. Northern
Pacific common was the leader In the late
speculation at an advance of 2 points, and
Denver preferred rose at one time 1%. The In
dustrial specialties were irregular. Sugar was
at one time above 140, while Manhattan fell as
low as lor. and was depressed all day.
There were heavy offerings of bonds at times,
especially of recently reorganized roads, a con
elderoble part of the selling being attributed to
foreign account. Total sales $4,320,000. United
Btatea new four? coupon declined % and the
threes when issued advanced l /i in the bid
price.
Total sales of stocks to-day 545,600 shares In
cluding 6100 Atchison, 40.500 Atchison preferred
8100 Che?, and Ohio, 32.50Q Burlington, 8600 c!
C. C. and St. L..5300 D. and R. O. preferred.
6800 Louisville and Nashville, 15,800 Manhat
tan, 3SOO Reading preferred, 8300 Missouri Pa
cific, 8475 M. K. and T. preferred, 4500 New
York Central, 52,400 Northern. 30.500 Northern
Pacific preferred, 4500 Ontario and Western,
24,900 Rock Island, 5200 Union Pacific. 57.200 St.
Paul, ESOO Southern preferred, 3150 Texas and
Pacific. ir>.r.'.i) Union Pacific preferred, 3000 Cot
ton Oil. 11,800 Tobacco, 3900 C. G W., 26,300
People's Gas, 4SOO General Electric, S6OO Pacific
Wall. 17,909 Sugar, 71.i00 T. C. and 1.. 21,720
Leather preferred, 7i>oo Rubber, 17,800 Western
Union.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atehlson 14V,iRi p M & M 84%
Do prefd 3u"j, ! Do prefd }".
Baltimore & Ohio 16 St 1' M & M lfil%
Canada Pacific .. 84 Bo Pacific .*.. 22
Canada Southern. 64>A!So Hallway 8%
Central Pacific .. 17541 Do preM i 33%
Ches & Ohio 24%|Texas & Pacific. . 13
Chi & Alton 159 Union Pac prefd. G3Vs
Chi B & 0 114% I V P D & G *»
Chi & E 111 Wabash 7%
C C C A St L... 445, Do prefd '- -' ■*
Do prefd S6>, Wheel & L E 1%
Del & Hudson... 106 Do pretd 12%
Del L & W 152% Express Companies-
Den & It Q 13% Adams Ex 103
Do prefd 62i» American Ex .... 134
Erie (new) 13", tatted States .... 41
Do Ist prefd.... 36*, .Veils Fargo 119
Fort Wayne 172 Miscellaneous—
Gt\Nor prefd 131 V Cot Oil 28%
Hocking Valley... C% Do prefd 83 ,
Illinois Central .. 108?, Amu Spirits IS*
Lake Erie & \V.. 14 Do prefd *J%
Do prefd 71% \ni Tobacco 129%
Lake Shore 194 " Do prefd 125
Louis & Nash.... 56'- Corns Gas 18»
Manhattan L .... 108 " Com Cable C 0.... 170
Met St Rv 158^ Col F & Iron 23 fc
Mich Central 10814 Do prefd JB
Minn & St L.... 25% Gen Electric 40%
Do Ist prefd.... 89* Illinois Steel 63 H
Mo Pacific 8714 Uaclede Gas MH
Mobile & 0hi0... 27* i Lead Jfl 7*7 *
Mo X & T 11% DO P refd^v 1I 1 L ,
Do prefd 36% Nat Lin Oil 7%
Chi lnd & L..... 9% Pacific Mail 339 4
Do prefd 33 Pullman Palace... is»
N J Central 92 Silver Certificates aB%
N V Central HO I *, Stand li & r i" •'
N V Chi & St L. 13% Sugar lwjj
Do Ist prefd.... 6n I Do prefd IMVS
Do M prefd.... S6HIT C & Iron ZfVsi
Nor West 14% V B Leather 7%
No Amer Co CH Do prefd 6»%
No Pacific 33Vi I" S Rubber 11%
Do prefd 73% Do prefd *S%
Ontario & W.... 15% West Union 93*
Or R & Nay 62 Chi & N W IW%
Or Short Line.... 29 i Do prefd ■■ "|Ji
Pittsburgr 16SM) St L & S W' 8%
Reading IS Do prefd • IJ*
Do Ist prefd.... 42V^ R. W..... 2S
Rock Island 102% l">o lirefd «7
St Ixjulb & S F... 7% Chi G W lWfc
Do Ist prefd.... 66 Haw Com Co 26-r*
Do 2d prefd.... 31% O P Common.... 2j*"B
St Paul 106% Brooklyn R T-... 63%
V Do prefd 154
CLOSING BONDS.
US new 4s reg.. 127% JC 6s 112V4
Do coup ....■ 127>4 N Carolina 6s 125
L' 8 4s : imsi Do Is vw6
Do coup III -* Xo Pac 15t5...... 112,
lx> 2ds &7 Do 3s 65
U S os reg- 112 Do 4s 100%
Do 5s coup 112 N" YC& St L 4s. 106
District 3.653 ..... 116% JKor & W 6s 121
Ala class A 108 INorthwstrn cons. 141»i
Do B 105 I Do deb 5s 118
Do C 100 0 Nay lsts 112
Do Currency ... 90 1 Nay 4s 100
Atchison 4s 95% "> S Line 6s tr.... 126/4
Do adj 4s 72"» 3 S Line Ss tr.... 108
Can So 2ds II I'l,1 ' 1 , Pacific Cs of 95.. 102%
Chi Term 4s 88% Reading 4s 83%
C & Ohio 5s 115% fl Q W lsts BO^i
C H & D 4V.8 104«4 31 L & 1 M C ss. 99V4
D & R G lsts.... 110% St I. & S F G Cs. 119%
D & R G 4s 97* Bt P Con 145^
Eaet Term lsts... 105% 5t V C & P Ist*.. 118%
Erie Gen 4s 75 Do 5s 116%.
P XV & D lsts tr. 74% So Railway 55... 98
Gen Elec 5s 108 Stand R& T 6s.'. 654
G H &'3 A 65.... 104 Term new set 35.. 92V4
Do 2ds ...^...... 105 Tex P L G Ists.. 107
II & T C Gs 110 Do R« 2Js 43%
Do con 6s 105 Union Par 43 BS}<«
[owa C lsts 1034 C P D & G lsts. 76
La new cons 45.. 102% Wab Ist 5s 111%
L& N Unl 45.... 91« Do 2ds S^j-i
Missouri 68* 100 \V Shore 4." 109*4
UK & T 2ds 65 7 » V'a Centuries -3
Do 4s .' 21% Do deferred ... SV»
X T Central lsts. 115H
MINING STOCKS.
Choilar KlOntario 3 60
Crown Point 6S Ophlr \l
Con Cal & Va.... 27 Plymouth 12
Deadwood 25 jQulcksilver 125
Oould & Curry... 10 Do prefd , J :"J: "J
Hale & Norcross. (61 Sierra Nevada .. •>»
Ilnmpstake 45 OOlFtandarrt 140
Iron Silver 60 T'nion Con M
Mexican ' OS I Yellow Jacket ... 15
ROSTOV STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money- I West Eni 87%
Call loans 2 ©3 Do prefd •-•••••• 106
Time loans 2\¥a* Westinif house El. 30%
Stocks— Do prefd niVi
A T & S F .... 14 Boston L 66^4
Do prefd S5%|E E 111 IS3K
Amer Sui?ar 138 * Bonds-
Do prefd ' Atchlson 4s (2-£
Bay State Gns... lift Mining Shares—
Bell Telephone 2SO Allouei llln C 0... 4V4
Boston & Albany. 240 ! Atlantic 26V4
Boston & Maine.. 104 Boston & Mont... 211
Chi Bur & Q 114% Butte & Boston.. 2«Vs
?ltchburs 104 Calumet & Hecla. SSO
Gen Electric 40% Centennial IW4
Do prefd 99 Franklin 13 1 *
Mexican Central.. 4Ti Osceola S2Ji
NY & New Eng. 98 Qulncy 114}*.
Old Colony ...... 193 Tamarack 163
Or Short Line.... .30 v Wolverine 24-^
Rubber .....:....'.. 41<4 Old Dominion ... Zi^s.
Union Pacific .... 25%
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— The Evening Post's
financial cablegram says: The markets to-day
were quiet, but are steadily Improving. Jlr.
Curzon's appointment to India as Viceroy is
unanimously approved In the city. The feat
ure is the strength of Americans. The rise
was initiated by buying from New "York, but
there is also more business here than for some
time past. The public themselves are taking
a hand, although, as previously cabled, the
disposition In such quarters is to tak^ snort
profits Prices finished a trifle below the best
Grand Trunks were better. The half yearly
statement is expected immediately, and it Is
believed that full Interest will be paid on the
guaranteed stock with a lan?r amount carried
forward. Other markets were steady but feat
ureless. Gold was in strong demand at 77s
Canadian "p'aAfic. W%\ Grand Trtnk, 7%» Bar
silver steady. 27 5-16 d per ounce. Money. Vi®
ij per cent.
Spanish fours closed 43Vic.
I >; \RIS. Aug. 11.— Spanish fours closed 43.1 iH
MADRID. Aug. 11— Spanish fours closed to
day at 69.25. Gold was quoted at 55.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— FLOUR— Receipts.
14. 7 M barrels: exports. 15.088 barrels. Market
weak and quoted at 5010 c lower, but rallied a
little n>ar the close with wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts, 40,750 bushels; exports,
98.952 bushels. Spot firm; No. 2 red. 79c f. o. b.
afloat to arrive; No. 2 red, 75% c. Options weak
and most of the day were Influenced by the
bearish Government report, persistent in short
selling and lack of support. Near the close
shorts were alarmed over the strength of out-
Blde markets, smaller receipts, good clearances
and fair export developments, causing a rally
that closed September V*c higher and December
l%c -net lower. September, 70ft'g71%c, closed
71c.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, BQlfl points
lower. Sales, 18,750 bags, including August.
$T> 60® j 65; September, $5 oO'&d 70. Spot Coffee—
Rio quiet and steady; N*o. 7 Invoice, 6%e; No.
7 Jobbing, G%c. Mild steady; Cordova, Ms 15c.
SUGAR— Raw, strong and active; fair refin
ing 3*ic; centrifugal 96 test. 414 c.
METM..S — The upward movement In metals
continues without the least sign of abating.
Nearly all departments to-day exhibited pro
nounced strength and unusual activity. Bul
lish reports from the English market were
partly responsible for the better feeling. At
the close the Exchange called:
PJO IRON— Warrants firm with $6 70 bid and
$6 80 aske'l.
LAKE cfipPEß— Strong and higher, with
$11 7". bid and $12 asked.
TlN— sl6 30.
LEAD— Strong and higher with ?4 50 bid and
$4 60 asked. The firm naming the selling price
for leading Western miners and smelters quotes
lead at W K.
srr.LTEß— Steady with $4 DO bid and $4 60
BUTTER— Receipts, 3300 packages. Steady;
Western creamery, M'fS'lita: Elßircs, 19c.
EGGS— Receipts, 5917 packages. Steady;
Western, 14% c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. Aug. 11.— California Dried
Fruits dull.
APPLES— Common, S'gSc; prime wire tray,
fc'v'a^V : choice. &%<69e; fancy. 9%c.
PRUNES— 4*?Bc.
APRICOTS— Royal, S%<g:lOo; Moorpark, 10&
12c
PEACHES— Unpeeled. s©Bc; peeled, 12f16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Aug. 11.— Instead of showing de
terioration in the condition of • spring wheat
during the month, as expected, the Government
crop report made an Improvement of 1.5 points.
That caused the price of September to drop %c
under yesterday's close, opening trades being
at CsVi@Csc. After this expression of bearish
feeling, the market commenced to mend . a
little, the receipts at various Western markets
indicating that no Increase in the movement
had yet set In. The aggregate at the principal
primary markets was 380,500 bushels, against
807,000 bushels the year. before. This striking
deficiency, together with an eager demand for
shipping parcels, worked the price of Septem
ber up to 65% c. It was reported from Kansas
City that No. 2 hard was up 4c a bushel there,
and as there appeared a probability of another
decrease in the visible 'the market became very
strong after many changes of front. December
was depressed from beginning to end and
wound up %c lower for the day. ■" September
closed £c higher.' ..'■'.■ • , -
. • Corn was influenced by the Government re
port, showing only 3.5 reduction in condition
after all that had been heard of serious dam
age. The recuperative buoyancy of wheat near
the close brought out some buying orders In
corn and the closing figures were the best of
the day. September closed \*@%c lower than
yesterday. . Oats followed the other grains,
closing unchanged to I^c down. Provisions
started weak with corn. A good cash demand
later, however, turned the market strong.
Pork left off unchanged, lard gained 2>£ig;sc
and ribs 2V4c.
The leading futures ranged as follows: < '
-Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2— . - -
August '.:.....;.;.;.. 69 69tt - 68>,4 69V*
September 65*4 66>4 65 (6%
THE SA^T FRAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 12, 1898.
£^.:::;::::::: -B*. S^'ffij/'a
A St N °-..f"..... 32^i S2H 31% 32%
September 32-* §32 P
December 32% 32% 82H 82>*
May •••• -• ••" 35
wsK™=-i 83 a at
ll®llfi| | IB
I December » *-A
: « r :'^ m is is
December •■••• °
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— _ r, r
RffiiKEs^isggi sail fcig il
" corn 32%®32%c: No. 2 oats, 22c; No. 2 white.
26r a 28c; No. 3 white. 26@27c: No. 2 rye 40@40%c:
No. 2 barley, 88©46 c; No. l flaxseed 88c; pr me
timothy seed, $2 65; mess pork per bbl. $9 lo@
9 20; lard per 100 lbs. t5 S3@3 37Vj = short ribs
aides (loose). $5 25®5 50; dry salted shoulders
(b d), ft C2Vi@4 BTVi; short clear aides (boxed),
*5 Bo®6 80. .
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, ba "sheis":::::::::::::: 8.400 6,900
Wheat, bushels 55.800 291.0U0
Corn bushels 417,000 659.900
Oats, bushels 284.300 218,700
Rye. bushels 9.600 ......
Barley, bushels 8.200 7.900
~~On the Produce exchange to-day the butter
market was firm: creameries. 13>*@18',*c; dai
ries, 12@16c. Eggs firm; fresh, 12c.
WHEAT MOVEMENT.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 62 210 31,570
Duluth 698 13.080
; Milwaukee 4.5 M „, 650
Chicago ?•• 85.860 2?1,69»
Toledf ...... 65544 137.000
;St LouYs'" .... 000 26,000
Detroit . '■" *£** 132
Kansal City ......... - 73.000 M.500
Totals 363,990 600,632
Tidewater— • 71.242 • m
g° cw on Tori ::::::::::::::: SMS 2:SS
i Philadelphia !.«« J.«»
Baltimore • -*-'° 169.651
New Orleans ••••;• 136,000
Galveston ■• *».*«V
Totals .....^^....248,773 '506 33
LIVERPOOL, FUTURES.
Wheat- Sept. pec
Opening ■:;:::;:::::::::::::::::::\T 6« A
Closing ° 10 " 4%
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat- An l- Nov. -Feb.
.::::::::::::::::::::::::::- « SS
h loul^- ■ « go 20 90
Opening n °° ™ ~
closing .■.:....:.:;....:.-;..■* 2095
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Aug. 11.— CATTLE— was a
pood demand for cattle to-day at steady prices.
Choice steers, $5 25®6 55; medium. *4 80@4 95;
beef steers, $4 20@4 23; stockers and feeders,
$4 2605; bulls, $2 60@4 25; cows and heifers.
$3 50@4 25; calves. $3 50@7; Western rangers,
' HOGS— Ruled strong. s@loc higher. Fair to
choice, $3 87%@4 05; packers, $3 60@3 85; butch
ers. $3 70@4; mixed, $3 65@3 97%; lights, $3 5j6J)
" SHE^P^-Trade in Vneep was brisk and prices
ruled generally steady and unchanged^ native
sheep. $2@4 70: Western rangers. $3 .a©4 2u.
yearlings. $4 5094 65: common to choice lambs,
U&% 50; choice Western ranger lambs. *6 *a.
Receipts-Cattle, 10,000; hogs, 22,000; sheep,
11.000. KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Aug. 11.-OATTLE-Recelpts
4000. Market steady to strong, active.^ Native
steers (406 40; cows and heifers, »2@5; stock
ers and feeders, $3@4 90; bulls. $2 90@4.
HOGS— Receipts. 10,000. Market strong to 10c
higher. Bulk of sales. »3 65@3 85; heavies $3 70
&i t 95; packers. $3 60@3 85: mixed. $3 501J3 85;
UKhts, $3 45@3 65; yorkers, *3 60@3 65; pigs, $3 50
6 SHEEP— Receipts. 3000. Firm; lambs, S3 10
(go SO; muttons, SS&4 25.
OMAHA.
OMAHA Aug. 11.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2400.
MaVket steady; steers. $4 25-8)5 35; bulk. JM 80®
5 25: cows and heifers. $2 5004 50; bulk, $3@3 50;
stockers and feeders, $3@4 60.
HOGS- Receipts. 6000. Market 10c higher.
Lights, $4 70&4 75; mixed, S4 75@4 80; heavies,
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Strong demand Na
tives. $3 So®4 20; Westerns, $3 "5(§4 10; lambs,
14 23 475 - DENVER.
DENVER, Aug. 11.— CATTLE— 300.
Market steady. Beef steers, $3 50<?4 50; cows.
t3®3 75; feeders, freight paid to river. $3 60<3>
4 33; stockers, do, $3 75@4 40; bulls and stags,
is—Receipt*, 100. Market 5c higher; firm;
light packers, $3 80@3 85; mixed, $3 75@3 80;
heavy, S3 65©S 86. ",,'.• 1 / .
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market unchanged-
" CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Earl Fruit Company realized the follow
ing prices for California fruit at auction:
CHICAGO, Aug. 11.— Malaga Grapes, $1 10®
1 4.". average $1 31. Weather dry- Six cars sold.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 11.— Bartlett Pears,
. average 12 01. Three cars sold.
NEW YORK. Aug. 11.— Bartlett Pears, $2 SS®
2 80, average $2 44; Crawford Peaches, $1 2o@
1 6."., average $1 f.3. Plums— Bradshaw, $1 20;
Yeliow Egg, $1 40; Columbia, $1 40; German
Prunes $1 4."j. Fourteen cars sold.
- TON, Aug. 11 —Malaga Grapes, $1 50;
Bartlett Fears, t- 08©3 30, average $2 24. Plums
—Yellow Egg, 9ucfttsl 2(1. average $1 01; Colum
bia, 90c@$l 10, average 96c; Silver Prunes, Shcifp
$1 15 average $1 01; German, $1 05® 1 30, aver
age, $1 24: Hungarian, $1 02.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Aug. 11.— There Is but little,
movement In wheat this year, and until there
Is a better foreign demand exporters will be
cautious about bidding up. Nominal export
quotations are about 08c for Walla Walla and
Clc for valley and blue stem, with old wheat
selling about iic higher for milling purposes.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., Aug. 11.— Tho exceedingly
hot weather east of the mountains Is too late
to Injure the wheat crop. Millers offer 62c for
club and 60c for blue stem.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Aug. lI.— To-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance, 1265,484,741; gold, re
serve, $194,452,677.
* PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Aug. 11.— Exchanges, $243,249;
balances, $74,758.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight... — }4 MV
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 86*
Sterling Cables : — 4 87
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17%
New York Exchange, sight — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce. — 59>4
Mexican Dollars .....T..... 46 46%
-'■
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS,
WHEAT — Prices remain unchanged, with no
business of any consequence.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. II 18%@1 22%; milling,
$1 30@l 40 per ctl for old and $1 25@1 27% for
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December" —
10,000 ctls, $1 22V*.
Second session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 15%;
Regular morning session— lo,ooo ctla, $1 22%;
12,000, Jl 22%; 16,000, $1 23.
Afternoon session— December — 18,000 ctls,
$1 22-%: 22.000. $1 23%.
BARLEY— DuII and unchanged.
Feed, $1 17V>1jl 20; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — No sales.
S nd session— December— 2ooo ctls, $115%;
4000. $1 Vs\.
Reguliir morning session— No sales.
Afternoon session — December — 2000 ctls.
|i i«%; 4000. ?i 17.
OATS— Fancy Feed. $1 27%®1 30 per ctl; good
to choice, $1 25&1 27%; common, $117%@122%;
Surprise, $1 80®I 35; Gray, $1 22fe@l 25; milling,
(1 2s%@l 27% per ctl.
CORN— Small round yellow, $1 26©1 30;
Eastern large yellow, sacked, $1 07%@l 10;
white. $1 10ft 1 12%; mixed, $1 05<ff>l 07% per ctl.
RYE— « 2001 25 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI Is©l S5 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FT^OUR— Family extras, $4 40<g)4 50; bakers'
extras, $1 UO4 ZS per bbl.
MIL.L.STUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usuai discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 2f> per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Jllce Flour, $7; Cornmeal, %2 60; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25: Oatmeal. $4 25: Oat Groats,
}4 BO; Hominy, $3 2j<&3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4
■i-i-4 L.">: < "racked Wheat. $3 75; Farina. U 60;
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 SO; Rolled Oats (bar
ley). $5 85^6 25; In sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 rbs.
# HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
A ear of prairie grass Hay from Missouri was
the feature yesterday. It was an experimental
importation by a local dealer. He paid $3 50
per ton for it there and $10 freight, making the
t.rirc laid down here $13 50. It may be fol
lowed by other shipments, as there is an un
limited (apply of that Hay In Missouri. The
market was steady, with a fair demand for
good Hay.
Bran and Middlings were firm and un
changed.
BRAN— SIS 60@16 per to*-
MIDDLINGS— 20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $25@26 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, »31@3l 50; job
bing, $32032 CC; Cocoanut Cake. $24®25: Cotton
seed Meal. - $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, »23@23 oO;
Cracked Corn. *24@24 50. „„„„ ,
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. *17®>17 50 for
good and $14@16 for lower grades; no n choice
coming in; Wheat and Oat. $14 50@1.> 60; Oat,
$13@1»: Barley, $13@14 50; Island Barley. $11®
12 60; Alfalfa. $11 50@12 50; Stock. $11@12;
Clover, nominal. ' TT i'' l » \
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Wheat. $13®14 50: Oat, *12®13 50: Cheat. $11®
18; Timothy, $11 50@13 50; Alfalfa. $11@U 50
per ton.
STRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Lima Beans are higher, and whites continue
very firm. Colored are weak, and Bayos are
°BEANS-Bayoß. $2 KOI 70; Small Whites,
$2@2 15: Large Whlie.s. *1 V'hSi: FUiKs .*£*«!>
2 40: Redd *2 mm 75: BUckeye, $3 1B«W 25;
Butters, nominal: Limas. $3<?T3 15; Pea. $2@2 15;
Red Kidneys, $2 50ST2 75 per rtl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 2S@4 ,5 per ctl.
Yellow Mustard. $4@4 25; Flax, nominal. $2«2 10;
Canary Seed, 2U<3-Mc per Ib: Alfalfa, nominal.
Rape 2y«@2%c; Hemp. 2%@3c; Timothy, s«vsV*c.
DRIED PEAS-Nlles. $1 75@2; Green, $2®2 10
per ctl. i^i '
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Tomatoes continue to bring high prices. Sweet
Potatoes are lower. Otherwise there is noth
ing new.
POTATOES— 4O(ff6Sc in sacks for Early Rose
and 50c®$l 10 in sacks and 75c@$l 25 In boxes
for Burbank.s; Salinas Hurbanks, 75c@$l 10;
Swept Potatoes. 2®3c per lb. .
ONIONS— 4O'SSOc per ctl for red and 6'i<g ,oc
per ctl for yeilow. Pickle Onions, 75@90c per
ctl
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2V4<fT3c; String
Beans. 2@3c per lb: Lima Beans, 2f2>j.c; Bay
Squash. 25«30c; Green Peppers, 36©80 c for
Chile and 50078 c for Bell; Cabbage. 50c per
ctl; Carrots 3(M850c per sack; Bay Cucumbers,
26@30c; Pickles. ~7s®Ssc for No. 1 and 40@50c per
box for No. 2; River Tomatoes, $1 25@1 75; Green
Corn, 40ig85c per sack for Vacavllle, $1&1 25 per
crate for Alameda. 50<g75c for Berkeley; Garlic.
2@2iic per lb; Green Okra, 60@65c; Egg Plant,
25<550c per box.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes.
sliced, raw, 12e per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced
desslcated, 16@18c; granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions. 60c; Carrots, old. 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage. 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Turkeys continue to advance, and a sale as
high as 20c is reported. Hens are weak and
dull. The other kinds are about the same.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 16@19c for Gob
blers and 15@17c for Hens; Geese, per pair. 75c
Wsl: Goslings, $1 26©1 60; Ducks, $2 75rg3 for old
and $2 50®4 for young; Hens, |3 50@4 50; Roos
ters, young, $5®6; Roosters, old, $4 25@4 50;
Fryers, $4@4 50; Broilers, $3 50@4 for large;
$2 50@3 for small; Pigeons. $1 50@l 75 per dozen
tor young and $l@l 25 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
All kinds remain about the same, though
there Is no scarcity In anything.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 23324 c; sec
onds, 21@22c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 21c; common
grades, 16®19c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed. 14@15c per ib;
Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9%@10c; old, 8@
9c; Cream -Cheddar, 10@llc; Young America,
lO&llc: Eastern, 12@13c.
KGGS— Ranch Eggs, 21@25c per dozen; .store
Eggs. 14@l"Hc; Eastern, 14@17c for ordinary
and lS@2oc for fancy; Duck Eggs, 20021 c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
There waj more fruit on the market yeater
day than on any other day this year. The
canners were still unable to relieve the glut
but expect to start again within a couple of
days. Green Bartlett Pears, which would keep
until next week, sold at the top quotation, but
all other stock dragged. Peacnes were unsal
able. Plums were lower.
There were plenty of Melons and Grapes on
the market, but prices keep up very well. Nec
tarine? are slow.
Lemons and Limes continue scarce and high.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $4 50i@6 per chest for large and
for small.
Figs. per box for single and 50c@$l 25
for double layers.
Cantaloupes, $1 50@3 50 per fcrate; Nutmegs,
$lfal 75 per box; Watermelons. $s<§as per hun
dred.
Huckleberries, 7@Sc per lb.
Red Nectarines, 40(&.75c; White Nectarines,
ZliiilOc per box.
White Grapes, 50@60c per box and 60@70c per
crate; Black Grapes, Matte per crate; Muscats,
76<gS5c per crate; Isabellas, 60c per basket.
Blackberries, $2<g3 50 per chest.
Plums, 40@60c per crate and 25@500 per box;
In bulk, $7 aO@ls per ton.
Apricots, 40@75c per box and $40@60 per ton
in bulk.
Peaches. 25«50c per box; in bulk, to canners,
$20<fi30 for Freestones; Cling 3, nominal.
Crabapples, 20!g40c per box.
Raspberries, $4 i.o<g6 per box.
Apples. 353i 60c for common, and 75c@$l per
box for No. 1.
Bartlett Pears, 75®90c per box and $2<V??.W
per ton for No. 1, and 20!g50c per box and 110®
17 50 per ton for small and inferior stock.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges. $1 2-.iSl CO for St.
Michaels, $I@l 25 for Mediterranean Sweets,
and 75c?i$l 25 for Seedlings; Lemons, J2 50®3
for common and $4@5 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $"©8; California Limes.
per box; Bananas, tl 25(g2 per bunch; Pine
apples, $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
There Is nothing new to report.
DRIED FRUIT — New Prunes, 3%@4c
for the four sizes; old Prunes, carload lots,
6@5»-ic for 40-50's, 4%@5c for 50-60's, S'ii^-ic for
60-70' 3 1 4'8 > for 70-SO'e, 2%<&3c for 80-90' 2<<j)
2Vic for 90-100's; new Peaches, 6H@7c: old
i Peaches, &4f6Vic; peeled, nominal; new Apri
cots, 9',i@loc for Royals and 15@17%c for Moor
parks: old Apricots. 6@7c for Royals and S@loc
for good to fancy Moorparks;- Evaporated Ap
ples. 6Vj(&7c; sun dried, 3@4c; Black Figs, sacks.
2©'2% c; Plums, 4©4% c for pitted and lifrlVic for
unpltted; bleached Plums, 5o; Nectarines, 3@
ihic 'for prime to fancy; Pears, 3515 c for quar
ters, and 3@s&c for halve«. according: to color,
etc. i-V.---.
RAISINS— 2<@2Vic for two-crown, 2%<(12%c for
three-crown, 3@3V4c for four-crown, 3@4c for
Seedless Sultanas, 2",*@3c for Seedless Mus
catels and $I@l 15 for London Layers; dried
Grapes, 2c.
NUTS— Walnuts, new. 6c for hardshell. 7c for
eoftshell; Almonds. 3@4c for hardshell, 6@7c for
BOftßhell, B%@9c for paper shell; Peanuts. 4@
6V4c for Eastern and 4%c for California; Pe
cans, 6^@Bc; Filberts, SVi(glOc: JJrazll Nuts,
S(&s>c per lb; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 per 100.
HONEY— 9@loc for bright and 6*570
for lower grades; water-white extracted, o'-fttf
6c; light amber extracted, 4%@sVtc per lb.
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
The packers report large orders for the army
and navy, presumably for Manila, which keep
the market from complete stagnation. Other
wise business Is very dull.
CURKD MEATS— Bacon, BH° per lb for
heavy, 9c for light medium, lOVic for light, lie
for extra light and 12',ij@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, lO^gHc; Califor
nia Hams, 9S»@loc: Mess Beef, $10@10 50 per
bbl; extra Mess Beef, Jll@ll 60; Family Beef,
|12@12 50; extra prime Pork. $10: extra clear.
$18@18 E0; mess, $16 50@16; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c
per lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per It)
for compound and 7Vic for pure; palls, Sc;
California tierces, 6c per lb for compound and
7c for pure; half barrels, 7&c; 10-lt> tins, 8c;
C-IT> tins, BUc.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. 6%@854c: packages
less than 300 lbs— l-lb palls, 60 In a case, »Vie;
3-tb palls, 20 In a case, 6%c; 5-Tb palls, 12 In a
case, S»ic: 10-rb pails, 6 In a case. S%c; 50-rb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, BV4c: fancy tubs. 80 lbs n-t, I»ic; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%c per It).
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Dealers continue to quote a firm market for
Hides at unchanged quotations. :
HIDES AND SKINS — and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. . Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, B%c; Cow
hides, 9c; Stags, 6V4c; salted Kip. B^e; Calf.
9c: dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands,
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf. 17@18c;
Goatskins, 27V l ><S'3oc; medium, 30c; winter, 10c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@25c each; short wool.
30(fH0c each; medium, GOtiNOc; long wool, SOcQ)
$110 each; Horseh ldes, salt, $2 25 for large
and $I@l 75 for small; Colts, GOc; Horsehldes,
dry, $1 75 for large and 76c@|l 23 for small,
Colts, fOe.
TALLOW— 1 rendered, 3V*c per tt>; No. 2,
2\c; refined. 4%@4»ic; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip. Southern Mountain.' 7@loc;
free Northern, 9@l2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months', 9@llc; San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months', 8@10c; Foothill and
Northern, free, 12ifen4c: Foothill and Northern,
defective, 10®12c; Middle County, 13@16c; Hum
boldt and Mendoclno, 14@16c; Nevada. 10@14c;
Eastern Oregon. 10@12c; Valley Oregon, 15@17c.
HOPS— crop, 12% per It). . ,
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bafts, 4%@4%c; Wool
Bags, 26@2Sc; San Quentin Bags, $4 85; Fruit
lings, sc, R4 and 5%c for the three grades of
■white and 7<&Sc for brown.
<.X">AL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington $8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seat
tle $6- Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, If'; Wallsend.
$7 50; Cumberland, $13 in bulk and $14 50 in
tacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel. $10 per ton; Rock Springs and castle Gate.
$7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14 In
sacks. _ . ,
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Rfrtning Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered, 6Hc; Candy
Granulated 6c; Dry Granulated. f%c; Confec
tlonera' A. 6%c: Magnolia A. 5%c; Extra C,
5%c- Golden C, s^c: California A. 594 c per lb;
half barrels. He more than barreln, and boxes
tic more.
BAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The canners have reduced their bids to 4c
for Hogs, next week's delivery, and will ray
no more. The spot price Is nominally un-
cnanged.
Wholesala rattw for dressed Btock from
slaughterers are as follows: .
BEEF- First quality, 6Hc: second quality.
6V4@6c: third quality, 4H#5Hc
VEAL— Large. 4!gsc; small. 6<g>7c per lt>.
MUTTON— Wethers. ,7@7&c; Ewes, C@6V4c
per Tb.
LAMB— Spring, 7@Bc per It). ?.-• ■'> -v
PORK— Live Hogs, 4c for large. 4%c for me
dium and 3H@3%c for small; stock Hogs, 2@
3%c; dressed Hogs, 5%@6»,ic. .
. . . . .
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday, August 11.
Flour, qr ska ... 12.555 Wool, bales 94
Barley, ctls 840 Pelts, bdls 210
Cheese, ctls 133 Hides, no 372
Butter, ctls 273 Sugar, Bks 735
Beans, oks ..... 269 Do bbls 35
Potatoes, sks ... 3,760 Eggs, aoz 12.630
Bran, sks 50 Quicksilver, flak. 53
Middlings, sks .. 127 Leather, rolls ... 13ii
Hay, tons 600 Wine, gals 50,950
Straw, tons ...„ 25 Chicory, r-bls .... 52
OREGON.
Barley, ctls 960 Hay, tons 70
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr Fks ... 2.53218 ran. sks 1.8.i0
Wheat, ctls 6,840 1 P.ye, ctls 520
Barley, ctls 6, MS Middlings, sks .. 640
Oats, ctls 1.195
KANSAS.
Hay, tons 10;
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 400'
THE STOCK MARKET.
Local securities were distinguished by activ
ity In Hawaiian Commercial, the stock falling
from $27 50 to $25 60. Hutchlnson advanced to
$54. The other securities ranged about the
same.
Mining stocks were dull and unchanged.
The Con. Cal. & Va. delinquent sale takes
place to-day.
The Pacific Vinegar and Pickle Works has
declared a dividend of 10c. and an extra one
of the same amount, payable on the 15th.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Aug. 11.— The following reports of
the London and Liverpool markets, dated to
day, have been received: Consols. 110%; silver,
27 5-16 d; French rentes. 103f 52% c; wheat car
goes oft coast, rather firmer; cargoes on pas
sage, nominal, unchanged; cargoes No. 1
Standard California, 31» 9d; cargoes Oregon,
21s; English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 11.— Wheat. firmer;
wheat In Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, steady;
Fren '.i country markets, firm; cotton, uplands,
3 17-32 d.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, August 11—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. • Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds— i Mutual El Co. — —
la quar eoap..lU%ll2H Oakland Gas.. 60% 52
Ifi quar reg. . .111%112% Pac Oas Imp.. £6*4 S7>4
4s quar n*v. ..127*127% :Pae L Co 48 50
Miscellaneous— S F G & E... 87 87Vi
Cal-st Cab 65. 112 — San Fran — SY*.
Cal El 6s 125 — 'Stock Gas 13 —
C C Wat 55... 98%100%> Insurance—
Dup-st ex c... — 98%iFirem's Fund. 2oo 205
E L & P 65.. 128 — Bank Stocks—
F&CI Ry 65.. 115% — Anglo-Cal 60 —
Geary-st R os. »3 100 Bank of Ca1.. 244 247%
HC & 8 i'^s..loo 105 Cal SD & T.. - 97
' A LCo 65.. — 100 First Nat 200 —
Do gntd 65.. !»7%-100% Lon P & A.... 128% —
Market-st 65.. 125 V:— Me- Exchange 14 15
Do Ist M 6s. .115 — Key Nat 8.. ..155%161%
Nat Vln 6s lsts — 97% Savings Bank
s' CNG Ry 7s. 103 — Ger S & 1*. .1550 1650
N Ry Cal 65..10'J% — Hum S & L..1060 1160
:N Ry Cal 65..102» 4 — jMutual Say. — 42%
KPC R R 65. 103 10S |3 F Say U.. 455 500
NPC R R 55.100%102%J5 & L 50.... — 100
N Cal R R ss. — — Security SB. 300 —
Oak Gas 64 110 — Union T Co. looo —
Do 2d Is 35.. 103 Vi— Street Railroad—
Om Ry 6s 127 127% California ....106 108
P & O 6s 107 — Gfnry 40 —
P C 1 Ry 65.1''*4%106 Market-st 53% 54
Powell-st 65.. .113 — . Presidio "% 8%
Reno WL&L..WO — Powder—
Sac El Rv 58.100 — California ....130 149
SF& N P 55. 107% — E Dynamite... K> —
SlerraßCnl 6s. — 103 Giant Con Co. 48% 48%
j6Pof Ar 65.. 106% — Vlgorlt 2% 3
S P Cal 6s 110 — Miscellaneous—
SIC Is eg 55.. 100% — Al Pac Assn.. 95Vi 98
S P Br 6s 115HU6K Ger Ld Wk5..140 —
S V Wat 63...11«%120 lHana P C 0.... 15V4 16
5 V Wat 45... 102 — IH 1: » S Co.. tS% 2"6
Stock Gas 65.. 100 — Hutch S P Co. 53% 54
Water Stocks— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. — 54 Nat Vln C 0... — 7
Marln Co 50 — Oceanic S Co. 55% 57
Spring Valley. 995, 99* i Pacific A F A. 1% 2^4
Gas & Electric— Pac Bot Co 100 104
Cent Gaslight. los — Par Paint Co. 7%. —
Morning Session.
60 Glar.t Powder Con 48 37%
25 do do 4S 25
2.'> Oceanic Steamship Co 56 00
25 X F Gas & Electric Co 87 00
20 do do 87 25 !
30 Spring Valley Water 99 25
$2000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 102 00
125 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 27 50 ■
135 do do 27 37%
45 do do 27 25
200 do do 2-7 12%
50 do do b 6 27 12%
56 do do 27 00
25 do do 2C 87%
175 do do 26 75
250 do do 26 62%
Street—
50 Hutchlnson S P Co 54 00
$2000 Park & Cliff House 6s Bonds 104 SO
Afternoon Session.
50 Hutchinson S P Co .\. ........ 54 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co. 87 12%
30 Spring Valley Water 99 75
10 do do 99 50
f.O Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 25 50
260 do do 26 CO
50 .do do 25 75
100 do do 25 $7%
320 do do ; 2.162%
770 do do 25 75
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
20 S F Gas & Electric Co, 8 10 87 25
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar.. 27 62%
45 do do .27 73
Afternoon Session.
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 26 75
50 do do 26 6'^4
75 Hutchinson S P Co.. 53 S7U
$2000 S P R R of Arizona 6a '.'.".! 106 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the pales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning; Session.
100 Caledonia 16 100 Crown Point in
200 Con Cal & Va.. 30 200 Utah 06
Afternoon Session.
100 Challenge 13;10O Gould & Curry 14
4."0 Con Cal & Va... 30; 100 Occidental 52
6-">0 v 31 100 Potosl .-....; v
Following: were the eales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Horning Session.
300 Alpha 04 600 Overman .. 05
200 Belcher 11 100 Potosl is
100 Best & Belcher. 12 200 Savage . in
150 Caledonia .::::::: 16 100 Sierra Nevada «;o
200 Chollar 17 200... 4<,
1200 Con Cal & Va.. 80 200 .... *".*.* «
200.. 29 200 Union' Con '".'.'.' is
200 Crown Point ... 10 500 Utah Ofi
300 Gould & Curry. . 14 200 Yellow" Jacket '" 18
200 Mexican 11
Afternoon Session.
800'Alta 08 200 Mexican 11
600 Andes 04 200 Ophlr ••■-•••• 17
150 Berft & Belcher. 13 300 Potosi "" 17
200 Con Cal & Va... So| 100 Sierra Nevada" 50
150.. 31 200 Union Con .... is
100 n IOI Ol cc n urrV: »| 300 Yel ' 0W JaCket 1S
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. August 11— p. m.
Bki.Ask. Hale & Norcrs. 79 85
 . " ■ Bid.Ask. Julia .. _ 02
Alpha 04 06 Justice 05 07
Alta 08 09 Kentuck .04 06
Andes 03 04 Lady Wash .... — 01
Belcher 11 is Mexican 10 12
Benton Con ... — 12 Occidental ..... 51 53
Best & Belcher 12 13 Ophir ; 16 17
Bullion 02 03 Overman 04 06
Caledonia 16 17 Potosl 15 17
£*"0" 0 " ar 16 17 Savage 09 11
Challenge Con. 13 l- Scorpion 03 —
Confidence 37 4.' Sep Belcher ... — 05
Con Cal & Va. 30 31 Sierra Nevada. 50 52
Con Imperial .. — 01 Silver Hill .... 12 —
Crown Point .. 09 10 syndicate — 03
Con New York. 01 02 Standard 150 165
Eureka Con ... — 20 Union Con .... 17 IS
Exchequer ..... — 04 Utah 05 06
Gould & Curry. 13 14 Yellow Jacket. 19 20
BEAL EbTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Joseph and Mary Ridley to Amelia S. Da
mon (wife of James E. Damon), lot on S lln,>
Of Broadway, 30 E of Lacuna street, X 30 by
S 112:6; $3800.
Ferdinand E. Hesthal to James Burke, lot
on N line of Twenty-second street, 95 W of
Folsom, W 27:6 by N 65; $10.
Eliza Harrington to Horatio 8. Cleveland
and Elizabeth Moore (wife of William Moore),
lot on W line of Diamond street, 84 N of
Twenty-flfth. N 30 by W 80: gift.
Ernest Luhr to Frederick Brandt, lot on BW
line of Rltch street. 100 NW of Brannan. XW
2." by S\V 75, !n full satisfaction of 1141 m 18,
deed of surrender; $1550.
Caroline Boris to Jeanne Jacob, lot on S line
of Point Lobos avenue. 26:8 W of Twenty
ee'-rvnd avenue, W 53:4 by S 100: $5.
Mary Peace to Frances V. Dixon (wife of
Joseph L Dixon). lot on W line of Eighth
avenue. 100 S of J street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Julia H. Small to Frederick B. Joyce, lot on
N line of J street. 110 W of Ninth avenue, W
27:6 by N 100; $250.
Bridget Prlscoll to Edward Sheehan, lot on
N line of Persia street, 133:6 E of Mission, E
25 by N 100, lot 5, block 3, Excelsior Horae
stend: $401.
Bcrnhard Classan to Charles H. McTeman,
lot on N line of Fourteenth avenue, 175 W of
N street, W 50 by N 100. block 265, ON. and
H t ract • $400.
Michael and Marie Fognrly to B. W. Foster,
lot on E line of Oould street. 200 S of Paul, S
25 by E 100. lot 33, Mock 2, Garden Tract
Homestead; $I^.
Alameda County.
"W W Haley to James L. and Katty B. Tay
lor,'lot on N*W line of Wilson avenue, 121:01
NE of Yernon avenue, NE 72 by N"W 140. be
ing lots 4 and B, East Frultvale Tract, BrooK
lyn Township; $10. _, .
M. P.. C. C. H. and Christina M. Hill J-o
Christian C. Hill, lot on E line of Ettie street.
400 N of B, N 50 by E 133. being subdivisions
A and B in lot 5, block 7j7. Watts Tract, Map
2, Oakland; gift. . ,
Sarah R. Yoakum to H. C. Morris, lot 1,
block A. Fannie Davenport Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10. , ,„
H. C. Morria to John Dahl. lot in, block 19,
Warner Tract. Brooklyn Township; Wk
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to Max A- _W.
Hubert, lots 29 and 30, block 4, Allendale
Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Adam and Frances Jacobs to same. lot a,
block 4, same, Brooklyn Township; $400.
George Cottreil to Madeline Connor, lot on N
line of Fourteenth street, 90 E of West, B
50 by N 117:6, block H North Oakland Home
stead Association: also lot on S line of Eighth
street, 40 W of Brush W 35 by S 100. being the
W 35 feet lota IS to is, hiock'%. Oakland; W '
Mary E. Knowlea to Mary I-. Rhodes, lot 5,
block N, Knowlea and Potter subdivision of
Kennedy Tract, East Oakland; $300.
Levitt H. Cox to Willie Lucy Cox, lot "n N
line of Thirty-seventh street. 242.50 B of West,
E 26.00 by E HT.r.O. being lot 21. block B, Major
Given Tract. Oakland Annex; gift- „
Charles Hanißonato M. Shanatsahouse, lot 55,
Gem Tract Brooklyn Township: iW-
Union Savings Bank to E. Nusbaumer. lot on
N line of Monroe or Sixteenth street, 31i.~> W of
Frultvale avenue. W 40 by N 158:5, being l"t
10. block A, Church Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship: $10.
Ivy Leach (wife of Charles G. Leach) to
Marie C. Brown fwlfe of <;. W. Brown), l f 't
on S line of Goes street, 80:7% B of Wood, S
100 by E 2.-. OakUnd; also lot on SE corner of
Goss and Wood streets, S 75 by E 80:7%, same;
William S.. D. FS. and J. W. Bankhead,
ARnes J. and liuph J. Dell to Angelo A. Am
brose", Seranno Fnzio and Antonio Mlgall. lot
on NX corner of Castro and Fourth streets, IS
62:6 by E 100, block 47, Oakland; JlO.
D. Mitchell to Mary Flaherty.- lot on N line
of West Eighteenth street, 30 W of Cypress, N
104:9, W 23, S 104:9. E to beginntng. being a
portion of Bagge Tract, Oakland (quit-claim
deed); $200.
Charity L. and John C. Rogers to Bessie
Nicholas, lot on S line of Prince street. 3.'0 E
of Shattuck avenue, E 50 by S 100, being lot
8, block F, Newbury Tract. Berkeley; $10.
John and Bessie Nicholas to Charity L. Rog
ers, lot on E line of Magee avenue, 230 S of
Addison street. E 130 by S 50, being lot 10,
block 4, McGee Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Nellie A. Chase to S. H. Kerrison, lot on N
line of Carlton street, 375 W of Fulton, W 37:6
by N 135. being the E half of lot 19. block 1426,
Blake Tract, maps 1 and 2, Berkeley: $1.
Frank 11. Brooks to William J. Laymance,
lot 15, Mock t, Warner Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship: $315.
William J. Laymance to Arkwrlght Edwards,
same; $10.
Charles J. Porter to Alice A. Armstrong, all
interest in the estate of Catherine Mary Por
ter (deceased), probate No. .".iIV. Alameda
County (deed and assignment) ; $200.
Builders' Contracts.
P. F. Butler (owner) with John Furness (con
tractor); architect, W. H. Llllie: excavating,
{Trading, brickwork, concrete and cement work.
marble, lumber, carpenter and mill work,
furring, building paper, ventilators, carving,
metal work sash and doors, ornamental plas
ter, screens, glazing, picture molding, hard
ware, stairs, tinning, roofing, lathing, plaster
ing, tiling, fencing, floors, chimneys, lincrusta
walton, deafening, etc., for a three-story frame
building with finished basement i flats) on N
line of Eddy street. 109:9 W of Van Ness
avenue, W GO by N 12'>; ."
Same with Ford Bros, (contractors), architect
same, sewerage, plumbing, gasflttlng. street
work services, etc., for same on same; $1889.
Same with G. A. Peterson (contractor),
architect same, painting, polishing, graining,
tinting, etc., for same on same: $1435.
Nell O'Neil (owner) with C. M. MacGregor
(contractor): architect, A. W. Smith: all work
for a two-story frame building on N line of
Bay street, ISB W of Leavenworth, W 40 by
N 137:6; $2170.
NEW TO CHICAGO.
A night scone in Chicago painted by the
Tribune of that town:
"Dressed all In bliick. clutching a great
bunch of roses in each hand, and bending
low over the handlebars of his bicycle, a
figure wildly Bcorched down one of tho
driveways of Lincoln Park on Thursday
night. A long, black pennant fluttt ed be
hind it.
" 'I>i<! yon sop it?' yelled the park police
men to each other. 'Did you see its tail?'
"They had. Some of the policemen grew
paie and commenced swearing off things.
"Policeman Bland sprinted acro-.s a
short cut to head off the black rider as
he rounded a curve. "Devil or man, I
commiviid you to stop.' shouted he, as he
caught the wheel and stopped it."
The black rider was arrest, d. He was a
man in evening dress, and hurrying to a
wedding. He was fined. As evening
clother; become more common in Chicago
the present fear of them there will die
away. — New York Sun.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
August. IS9B.
Mo
1
To.
2
I
I
n
i Fr.
Moon "I Phvwi
B
n
©Fall Moo«.
•Augrust 1.
i :
6 1
16
"a"
■
H
IT
28
21
23
SU
v
n
■*L Augtiet 8
x^v New Moon.
V? August 17.
-js First Quarter.
IS? August 24
/O, iul Vcon-
|W August »l.
—
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Han
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the' Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city fr.,nt (Mtoslon-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide la the same at both places.
m rises • 6:23
in sets ;•;•• '■■">
oon rises 0:43 a. m.
ITime
I 1:33
2:29
3:10
51:4*5
! 4:15
4:43
fir 13
Time ' Time Timer
Feet . Feet. Feet. |Feet.
HW ■_ L W H W
O.«f 9:12 3-51 12:24 3.41 6:45 5.0
03 10:04 3.3 1:36 3.5 7:40 6.0
01 10:40 4.1 2:34 3.4 8:31 5.0
o'o 11:07 4.4 3:21 3.3 St:l7 5.0
-0 1 11-30 4.5 4:01 3.1 10:01 5.2
00 11-51 4.7 4:40 2.7 10:42 5.2
01 ! 1211 4.8 5:19 2.3 11:23 5.2
NOTE-In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the Inst or right hand column gives the
fast tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides as sometimes occur. The heights
riven are addition* to the soundings on the
rnited States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (-> precedes the height,
nnd ther the number given la subtracted from
"he depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
From.
Steamer.
Willamette Seattle
Mackinaw Tacoma I
Newnurg Newport
Wellington..... Departure Bay
Pantaßosa fan pie
Chilkat Humboldt
slam INanalmo ..,
Mlneoia Tacoma .... J
Czarina Seattle ,
Coos Bay | Newport !
State California Portland .. I
Umatllla i Victoria & Puget Sound;
City of Sydney. Manila
Arcata .-••• Coos , Bay
Orizaba.... Humboldt '
Kmplre ICOO3 Bay !
Pomona San Diego :
Glenfarg.. China and Japan
Australia Manila
Crescent City...) Crescent City
Homer.. ..(Newport
Columbia Portland ■.. ;
: Aug. 12
Auk- 12
Aug. 12
i Aug. 12
lAur. 13
Aug. 13
auk. is
i Aug. 13
Aug. II
[Aug. 15
[Aug. 15
Aug. 15
!Aug. I.",
Auk- 13
Auk. 16
Aug. 16
Aug. 17
Aug. 17
Aug. 37
Aug. IS
Aug. 19
Aug. 20
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Stpamer. I Destination. | Sails. j Pier.
Orizaha [Humboldt !aub. 12. 10 amjpier 9
Samoa (Seattle JAur. 12, 6 pmlPter 2
Columbia ..'Portland [Aug. 13. 10 am {Pier 12
H'imer .Newport iAupr. 13. !» am Pier 11
Doric jChina&Japan'AuR. 13. 1 pmfPMSS
Newburg ..iHumboldt ...Auk. 13, 4 pm|Pier 4.
Walla Wall Vic & Pgt Sd. Aug. 14, 10 am Pier 9
Santa RosaSan Diego — I Aug. 15, 11 am Pier 11
Chilkat Humboldt — I Aug. 15, 9 am'.Pier 13
Coos Bay. .(Newport Auk. 17. fl nm|Pier 11
Arcata [Gooa Bay : Auk. 17, 111 am|Pler IS
State of Call Portland (Aug. 18, lOamiPier 12
Curacao ...Mexico JAugr. IS. 10 amIPler 9
Cy I'nnamalPanama iAuk. IS. 12 m PMSS
Pomona jSnn Dlepo Aug. 19, 11 am !
Tmatilla ..'Vic & Pgt Sd. Auk K'. 10 am Pier 9
Sail?.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, August
11. 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Knslßn (retir^n. l\ S. X.. In charge.
NOTICE TO MARINEKS.
A branch of the T'nited States Hydrngraphlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and Bail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always ho obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
no in. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the Dnited States hlgnal
Observatory. Marc Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was droppea
on time or giving the error, If any. is published
In the morning papers the following day.
i 'HAS T WELCH.
Ensign (retire,]), i . S. N., in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, August 11.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, 34 hours from
Stmr Homer. Jessen. 74 hours from Newport
aiil way ports.
Stmr Scotia, Hansen, 26 hours from Ku
re sui'.r Gipsy, Leland, 20 hours from Monterey
a 'stmV Coqullle River. Johnson, 16 hours from
'^mi^ Point Arena, Hansen, 14 hours from
M Bark 5 Cterinanla, Pearson, 11 days from Seat
t] Hktn Gleaner, Peck. 9 days from Wtlltpa
H Schr r Monterey, Beck, 36 hours from Notleya
Nettie Low. Low. 6 hours from Point
K £ciTr' Sparrow, Dart. 5 days from Eureka.
Bchr Rio Rey. Johnson, 3S hours from Reek-
P 'svhr Albion, Goodmanson, 3 days from Needle
Rock.
CLEARED.
Thursday. August 11.
Ptmr Pomona, Debney. San Diego; Goo-iall,
rr ss r tmr R Orizaba. Parsons, Eureka; Goodall.
IV \ r us n «tmr r Burma. Mikulicich, Nanalmo; John
Forster. Melbourne; J .J
Moore & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, August 11.
Stmr Mariposa. Hayward. Honolulu and Syd
nP v' S stmr Albatros. Curtis. Guatemala.
Ptmr Newsboy Ellefsen, with schr Neptun*
in tow. v, -r,
Htmr Emjiire, Nelson. Tons Bay.
Ptmr Ruth. Strand, Eureka. ' ;
Btmr Pomona. Debney. San Diego. }
Haw stmr San Mateo. Fletcher. Comox.
Scot Alcalde, Weitkunat, Everett.
Bchr Norma. I^arsen. fnga Island.
Schr Neptune, Estvold, in tow of stmr isews-
Whr Norma, Larsen, T'nga. i^
Schr Barbara Heraster. Jensen. Coqullle
RneP ' TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOP, Aur. 11.— 10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind S\V; velocity. 12 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Holt Hill and Canrobert load nitrate at
IquiQui for the I'nited Kingdom.
The Edward May loads mdse for Sydney. ■
lump sum.
1 M iMESTIC PORTS.
NEAH BAY— Passed Aug 11— Stmr Sunol,
from Port Gamble, for Pt Michael; Br ship
Buckingham, from Shanghai, for Port Towns
end: ptmr Queen, hence Auk 9. for v ictorla.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 11— Stmr City of To
peka, from Alaska.
Palled Auk 11— Stmr Czarina, for San * rah-
GRAYB HARBOR— Arrived Aug 11— Schr C
R Wilson, hence July 23. .
PORT Hl.AKiCLEY— Arrived Aug 11— Haw
snip John Ena, from Port Townsend. •
Sailed Aus 11— Schrs Llllebonne and J B
■ for Pan Francisco.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Aug 11— Stmr Alcatraz.
for : Etmr Newburg. for .
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 11— Rtmr Chilkat, hnc
Aug 9: schr Gl"n. hence Auk 5.
Sailed Auk 11— Schr Joseph Russ. for San
Francisco: schr J G Wall, for San Francisco;
schr Fortuna, for Pan Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Aug 11— Br bark Alevan
der Black, for .
USAL— Arrived Auk 10— Schr Edward Parke.
\ug 4.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Aug 11— Stmr White*,
boro. fur Pan Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Aug 11— Schr Besst«
X, for San Francisco.
; TOW NF.ND— SaiIed Auk 11— Bark Vi
dettp. for S«n Francis
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Aug 11— Bktn Uncle
John, fnr Pan Pedro.
GRAYS HARRoß— Arrived Auk 10— Schr Sa
die, from Redondo.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Aug 10— Stmr Sunol,
f. r St Michael.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Aug 11— Schr Bessie.
K. hence Aui
SEATTLE— Arrived Auk 11— Stmr Fulton, fm
Astoria.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Auk 10— Stmr Finance,
from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
LONDON— Aub 10— Br ship Dunner
dale. hence April 2.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Ausr 10— Br stmr Em
press of China, for Vancouver.
QUEENSTOWN— caIIed- Aur: 11— Br ship
"Whitlieburn, for Antwerp; Br ship Aldergrove,
for London.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK -Arrived Auk 11— Stmr Kaiser
Wllheim 11. from Genoa.
Sailed Auk 11— Stmr Augusta Victoria, for
Hamburg: stmr Koenigen Luise, for Bremen;
stmr Edam, for Amsterdam.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 11— Stmr Penn
land. from Philadelphia.
HA M Hl" RG— Arrived Aug 11— Stmr Saale, fra
New York.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Aug 11— Stmr Canada,
for Boston.
QT'EENSTOWN— Sailed Aug 11— Stmr Belgen
land. for Philadelphia; stmr Germanic, for
New York.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Aug 12— Stmr Werk
endam. from New York.
Sailed Aug 11— Stmr Rotterdam, for New-
York.
OCEA2T TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Ip^ Steamers leave Broadway
\3N.jj~' wharf, San Francisco:
3*3^. For Alas) ports, 10 a. m
KS*Wa>*N!& August 4. 9, 14. 19. 24, 29. Sept!.'
■9k MW^jßTa transfer at Seattle.
EBSsaBB la! For Alaskan ports (from
ulbms^h Spear-street wharf), 10 a. m.
"^■B^KsSSil August 3, 23, transfer at Port-
For Vlctr i. Vancouver, (B
C. x Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett
Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a.
m.. August 4. 9. 14. 19, 24. 29. Sept 3. and every -
fifth day thereafter, c nectlng at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry.. at Tacoma wit.. N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver
with C. P- Uy-
For Eureka "(Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m. Aug.
6, 12. IS, 24, 30, Sept 5 and every sixth day
thereafter. j;
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. '
Cavucos. Port Harford, (San Luis Oblspo)
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. .
Fan Pedro. East Sun Pedro fLos Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Aug. 1, 5. 9, 13, 17. 21. 25, 29,
Sept 2 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo) Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Rednndo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. Aug. 3. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27. 31, Sept. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Par. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 18th of
every month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
ar V>fNln-« r,{ <=nlUnir.
' TICKET OFFICE-4 x New Montgomery
Etrert (Palace Hotel).
GOODALU PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
THE 0, R. & N. Co.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO >
f> o :r. t I-i .a. 2SHD
From Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m. .
CADC $12 First Class Including Berths
lAriL $8 Second Class and Meals. -i
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia ..Aug. 3, 13. 23. Sept. ]
State of California. July 30. Aug. 8, 18. .28, Sept. 7
St. Paul ..|J.-...51S OOiSt. Louis 132 00
Kansas City .... 26 001 Chicago 24 00
Omaha 26 001 New York ........3100
U E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
f9sP?3£sl3s The S. S. MARIPO3A
*PjHSli% !! ' J " s via Honolulu and
•£*»S"W,U.ckland for Sydney
3 --— -^ Wednesday. August 10.
Ojv^LV^ at 10 P- m.
rtlMlDSniD c) Llne t0 COOLGAR-
*>lE. Australia, and
(o{!!P<)R^ TOWN. Soutfc
*w"r ll * l> *» Africa..
i j. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
| 114 Montgomery st.
1 Freight office — Market St.. San Francisco.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new). 42 North -r-si*
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <rT(tTr^
by this line avoid both transit by -«>"«f«Bfc
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class. $110;
second class, $116.
LA NORMANDIB ...;.... Aug. 20. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE Aug. 27. 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE Sept. 3. 10 a. m. ■
LA CHAMPAGNE Sept. 10. 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE.... Sept. 24, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply, to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE -TbRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent, -
No. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco.
FOR U.S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Stumer "Monticeiio."
Hon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat.... .•
9:43 a, m.. 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p..m. ex. Thura.)
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. - m.
Sunday* 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
, Landing and offices— Mission Dock, Pier 8.
. Telephone r.ed 2241. .ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MYSTERY OF A
LAD'S DEATH
Roy McClymonds Found
Dead in an Office.
WAS KILLED BY A BULLET
TRIENDS ASSERT THAT IT IS
NOT A SUICIDE.
. jjhe Boy Left Home in a Happy
. .' . . Hood and One Hour Afterward
He Fired the Fatal
Shot.
•'•"■■ Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
.•j.- ■ Broadway, Aug. 11.
■'■.'. Roy McClymonds. son of the City Su
perintendent of Schools, was found dying
":■ this morning In Dr. Rodolph's dental of
..ftce. When discovered a bullot wound in
••his head showed plainly the cause of his
'..:. condition, and ho was at once taken to
: . the Receiving Hospital, whom he died
. le?s than an hour later, without recover
.!• Ing consciousness.
." Th<~- death of young McClymonds, who
.'.' Is. but 19 years old, is a mystery. The
'■••theory of suicide has been advanced, and
.-.also the probability that it was an accident,
While It has been vaguely hinted that the
ROY McCLYMONDS, Whose Death Is Either the
Result of Suicide or Accident.
shot may not have been flrf-ri by the I
; . but by another person. This last th
■■'.baa nothing to corroborate it. Neither Is
.': there any known reason why the lad
. should commit suicide, and there !s a ;
slbllity that the shooting was accidental.
ftoy Mri'iymonds was a dental student
: -in the office of Dr. Rodolph on Broadway.
.-H' 1 went to his work about ff o'clock this
. ; njGrnlng, and was teen to enter the office
by Dr. Edwards and William J. Yore, the
■■ ' manager of the ljullding. He returned
. . .their .salutations cheerfully, and six mm'
". ut.es later, as nearly as Dr. Edwards can
..■ reckon, a shot was heard. Dr. Edwards
'-..and Mr. Yore started to loc irce
-." of tbe shot and discovered young McCly
./ monds lying inside the lavatory, with his
■''head outside. Coroner Baldwin, whose of
"ftte la in the same building, promptly did
• '.jail possible for the lad, but it was at
"apparent that his breathing would Boon
. -iee&se He died a quarter of an hour after
■;..Vard. .mm ,
"■■ ". In the lavatory was also found a pistol,
.: With one chamber discharged. The boy
• was never known to carry a pistol, and
■;tni« incident lends strength to the theory
.ef suicide. Dr. Edwards, who examined
wound, says there is as much t
■ -that it was an accident as a suicide. He
■-.thinks MoClyroonds was probably load
i.lng 'and playing with the weapon, for
there is .-ome blood on the knee, which
rfehowfl that be was sitting down when the
:.' BBot was fired.
.' . ".I cannot account for this affair in any
■ -way." said Superintendent McClymonds.
•■f'Ros was always the same frolicsome,
I boy. He never showed any signs
{Si despondency or any dissatisfaction
..'with life. He has never, so fur as I
•.know, been anything but strictly upright,
and Dr. Rodolph has told me that he was
: doing nicely at his work. He liked the
■ study of dentistry, and was preparing to
''"resume his work at college next wee*.
Be has been filing in his time with Dr.
••' Kodolph during vacation.
.••-This morning at breakfast we w<re
'. laughing and joking together as usual,
and my wife tells me that Hoy left home
' in. a happy mood. She accompanied him
-""to the porch, and he referred to a party
'•■ '.he was to att< nd this evening, from which
' -be was anticipating much pleasure. The
,". .. shooting must have been an accident, for
• -the boy would never commit suicide. Roy
' was not likely to be troubled by love af
■ fairs. He had Borne young lady friends,
but he never wi nt with any one in par
ticular. 1 am <■< nvinced that he had no
""trouble that would make him despondent.
• 'He had absolutely no reafeon for wanting
• to end his own life, but, instead, had
i . everything to live for. It must certainly
. ba.ve been an accident."
The deceased wa a graduate of the
Oakland High School oi the class of June,
■ ■ ' H» ;*, and was also vice president of the
. High School Aegis Publishing Company.
'Coroner Baldwin conducted an inquest
• in the case at 8 o'clock this evening, and
tbe jury returned a verdict "f "death
; caused by the accidental discharge of a
pistol which the deceased was handling."
. • Veteran Beserves Entertained.
• BERKELEY, Auk. n.— The Veteran
Reserve of Oakland, Company A, were
entertained la.st night by the citizens of
Berkeley. The company, which is chief
ly composed of veterans of the late war,
gave an exhibition drill on Shattuck ave
nue, after which they adjourned to Gold
en Sheaf Hall.
Captain Jessup delivered the address of
• welcome, which was responded to by
■Captain, King. Then followed a pro
gramme of short speeches and music,
after which all adjourned to the banquet
room.
The reception committee consisted of
Sergeant Brotherton, Captain Jessup and
John Boyd.
CHARGED WITH MURDER.
Etta M. Payne Swears ta a Complaint
Against Frank H. Cheesman.
OAKLAND, Aug. 11.— Miss Etta Payne,
one of the victim's of Frank H. .Chees
man's thirst for blood, and who is still
under treatment at the Receiving Hos
pital, swore to a complaint this morning,
charging Cheesman with the murder of
her stepfather, Henry J. Brooke. Chees
man will be arraigned before Judge Allen
to-morrow morning, and a date act for his
preliminary examination.
Cheesman was not present at the in
queßt held last night, but when told by
the police officials what the verdict was
he expressed no surprise. The prisoner
still acts in a sullen manner, seemingly
caring little for the probable outcome of
his dastardly crime. He has not made
any outbreaks since his arrest, but pro
tests against watch being held by the two
men Captain Fletcher has placed over
him.
MELROSE POWDER WORKS.
The Supervisors Powerless to Pre
vent Their Reconstruction.
OAKLAND. Aug. 11.— It developed to
day at a meeting of the Board of Super
visors that the fuse works that caused
devastation, death and ruin at Melrose
may be rebuilt if the company so desires,
j the Supervisors having no prohibitive
powers in the matter.
A delegation of Fruitvale residents was
present at the meeting to protest against
the rcbuiding of the works of the West
ern Fuse and Explosive Company. The
Supervisors Individually expressed them
- aa opposed to the reconstruction
but declared that the board has no power
to prevent the company rebuilding.
Is. H. Marwedel, on behalf of the pro
testants, stated that President Lukens
had lost $75,000 in the explosion, which
gave an idea of the amount of powder
kept at the works, and he vainly hoped
that the Supervisors would pass an ordi
nance against a repetition of the recent
explosion. . , ,
■ of the residents present declared
that if the board could not give their dis
trict protection they would petition to
join the city of Oakland to enjoy munici
pal benefits.
District Attorney Snook .rendered an
(.pinion to the effect that the Supervisors
could not hinder a reconstruction.
It was finally decided that all parties in
terested in the matter meet next Tuesday
at 10 a. m. in the board's rooms. The
Judson Dynamite Powder Company, Mcl-
ETuse Works and Judson Chemical
Works will be requested to be represented
at this meeting.
REV. FATHER M'AVOY
PASSES FROM EARTH
END OF ONE OF THE OLDEST
PRIESTS IN THE STATE.
For Over Twenty Years in Charge of
the Parish at San Leandro and
San Lorenzo.
For over twenty years Father McAvoy
has been in charge of a parish in this
priests in the State, died this evening at
the Clergy House at San Leandro.
For over twenty years Father McAvoy
! has been in charge of a parish In this
i county. When he was first placed in
; charge his parish Included San Leandro,
I San Lorenzo, Mt. Eden, Elmhurst, Red
wood Canyon and Haywards, but as the
territory became settled he had to be re
lieved of a large portion of it. Lately
his parish has consisted of the towns of
j San Leandro and San Lorenzo. The priest
j has grown up with the neighborhood and
was known and beloved throughout the
large territory over which he served.
Father McAvoy has been in ill health
: for a long time, and only a week ago he
resigned and was to- take a long rest. He
w;us preparing to go away when his final
attack of sickness came.
During his pastorate Father McAvoy
has rendered faithful service to his
I church. He has built a convent at San
L*-andro aond a church at San Lorenzo. Ho
also was made the beneficiary of much
valuable property which, it Is said, he
willed to the Archbishop for the use of
the church. Father McAvoy was also ac
tive in civic work. He subscribed to and
was an active advocate of the cannery at
San Leandro. He saw that there were
many vacant houses in his parish and he
desired to fill thf-m and he never tlrfd of
making the argument that the most per
manent way to improve the town would
be to establish manufactures that would
provide work.
Committed to Stockton.
OAKLAND, Aug. 11.— Mary L. Wheeler,
the teacher who became Insane over
the loss of her position and the distress
over the death of her mother, has been
committed to Stockton Insane Asylum.
Bret Harte begins a new story in
next Sunday's OalL
THE SA:Sr FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 12, 1898.
SOCIETY HAS
TAKEN SIDES
Meeks' Chinese Cook Is
Not Without Friends.
SOLDIERS TO STAND TRIAL
WILL SHIMAN AND HARRY
BAKER MUST EXPLAIN.
Objected to Being Shot by a Kodak
and Are Charged With Break
ing a Chinaman's
Leg.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 11.
Society at San Ijcandro Is considerably
i disturbed over a preliminary examination
j for felony that Is to be held next Satur
• day before Judge Qutnn. The prisoners
are Will Shiman and Harry Baker, and
they are charged with willfully and felon
iously attacking a Chinaman, to wit, the
cook of the Meek family, and breaking his
leg.
Will Shiman and Harry Baker come
from two of the best-known families In
the interior of the county. Mr. Shiman.
I Sr. is an old rancher who is credited with
j being comparatively wealthy. His family j
Is one of the leading ones of this county I
and William and Harry Baker are two
social lights. When the present war
broke out nothing would satisfy these
young men but to enlist in the Eighth
California Regiment, now stationed at
Camp Barrett. Lasjt Sundiiy the young
privates were granted a leave of absence
and went to San Lorenzo Junction on
their way home. While at the Junction
the Chinese cook came along on his wheel.
The Meek cook is a very intelligent, well
educated Chinaman. He is Americanized j
to a degree, even to the point of being a
kodak fiend. On the day mentioned the
cook went oiu with his kodak intending
to take some pictures. At San Lorenzo j
Junction he met the two privates from i
Camp Barrett. Just what transpired !d
somewhat doubtful, and will be told under
oath before Judge Quinn next Saturday.
The Chinaman .^iys ho was wheeling j
peacefully by when the two young sold- |
fers upset him, beat him, threw him down
and broke his leg. He la now in a hospital
with his broken limb in splints, but ho [
swore to a warrant charging Shiman ana
! Baker with the crime.
The boys were released on bonda of j
$1000 each, and Attorneys Nye * Kinsell |
and Frank Brtarty have been engaged to
defend them. The Chinaman has been
with the Monk family many years, and
his employers have expressed ti.> ir deter
mination to press the case, and if It <
should appear to be one of cruelty no lon- •
lency will be shown on the 'part of the
f>rosecution. and the Chinaman will not
ack for special counsel to take care of his ,
side of the case.
It is said that the original cause of the
■ trouble was an attempt on the part of the
I Chinaman to take a snap-shot picture .f
■ the two privates on leave. This was
i thought to be altogether too humiliating 1
a position for T'nited States soldiers, and :
i It ended In a skirmish with the Chinaman
i underneath;
OAKLAND HAS SCORED
AN IMPORTANT POINT
MAP SHOWING THE WATER
FRONT OF EARLY DAYS.
Evidence Introduced in the Famous
Suit That Carries With It Great
Weight.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. Aug. 11.
Evidence was admltte 1 in the water
front case to-day that tw trs wry strongly
Dn the question of street openings through
the disputed territory In 1868. The admis
sion of the map in question Is a (Strong
point on behalf of the city of Oakland,
for it shows the dedication of certain
West Oakland streets and opens the way
to the other exhibits which establish the
city's claim to other streets. The exhibit
Is a copy of the one filed with the County
Recorder in IXC4, and bears the Indorse
ment of A. M. Church, then County Re
corder. It Is a plat of land kn><wn an
Oakland Point, at the old railroad ferry
landing, and describes certain land near
Willow street, along which the Alameda
local now runs.
Attorney A. A. Moore mule strenuous
objections against the introduction of the
map, and later, when it wms being used
as the basis for Engineer Sforgan's testi
mony, more objections were made. Judge
Ogden, however, ruled in favor of the city
on ail points.
The importance of this evidence is very
marked, because under the decision of the
Supreme Court the city of jOakhU d is en
titled to all streets through water front
property which hnd ever been dedicated
to public use. The map is said to prove
that several of these streets were dedi
cated prior to 1868.
W R Davis, who is making such a
strong fight on behalf of trie city, assorts
that Oakland will probably establish her
claim to streets opened to low-water mark
along that strip of territory extending
from Market street to the north arm of
the estuary. The city's attorneys also
hope to establish the city's right to Ado
line street and a number of streets in
West Oakland.
Two Queer Burglaries.
OAKLAND, Aug. 11.— The police detec
tives are considerably puzzler! over two
burglaries that were committed .-it the
residence of Mrs. Catherine A. Morgan,
D9O Thirty-fourth street, lately. Ihe
house was visited last Monday afternoon
and $10 was secured. On Tuesday night
the burglars returned and got away with
additional money and Jewelry. On the
first occasion the burglars entered the
room in which Mrs. Morgan was asleep.
On the second burglary a silver watch
was taken, while a gold watch in the
same case was undisturbed.
Would Keep the Drums.
BERKELEY, Aug. 11.— Twenty former
members of the disbanded company of
Berkeley Guards have written a petition
to Captain Jessup asking him to keep the
drums that were presented to the eom
nanv instead of selling them, as he ha«
announced he would. The petitioners are
now members of the volunteer army and
wish to form an organization upon their
return from war. The matter has been
taken under consideration.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Aug. 11.— The wedding of
Miss Rose Beales, a teacher in Mrs. Gray
don's private school on Dwight way, and
Rafael Galleges, an insurance agent of
San Francisco, was celebrated to-day at
the home of the bride's mother, 1907 Haste
Officers Rodgers and Ehlnger arrested
two vagrants at West Berkeley yesterday
afternoon, who gave their names as Pat
rick Flannigan and Francis Mulligan. The
former became abusive, but they were
taken to the County Jail.
The debating society of the Berkeley
High School. Known as the Forum, will
resume its meetings next Friday evening.
Officers will be elected for the coming
Chester Higgins, who left last spring
with his father for Alaska, was taken se
riously HI shortly after leaving Seattlq
and is expected back on the next steamer
from the north.
To meet the growing needs of tho
women students at the State University,
Mrs. Kate M. White has been appointed
janitress for East Hall, where the
women's rooms are to be.
Influences of the war on politics
discussed ' by * prominent people in
n«-Et Sunday's Call*
FOUGHT FOR
TWENTY YEARS
Ole Madsen Loses His
Wife and Home.
A NEAT LEGAL SKIRMISH
TROUBLE ALL CAUSED BY A
QUARREL OVER TITLE.
She Lost Her Property by Careless
ness and Regained It Through
Her Husband's Negli
gence.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 11.
Twenty-seven years of married life,
twenty of which according to the
testimony have been passed in fighting.
Very few complaints in the Alameda
courts contain such a history of alleged
Inhumanity as that of Caroline Madsen
against her husband.
Not only has Ole lost his wife, but ;
he has also lost that which he seemed
to prize a great deal more — the home at :
Eighteenth and Market streets. In the
recovery of his home a very interesting
legal battle was conducted. In the first
place Mrs. Madsen lost the property le- ■
gaily by allowing the statute to lapse. \
Then 010 lost the property legally by j
his attorneys failing to include In their
complaint the fact that the lapsing of
the statute had caused the property to
revert to him.
The two suits for divorce and for the
property hinge ontt on the other, and in
the latter more personality and more in- '
side history of their quarter of a cen- '
tury of married unhappiness came out !
than In the divorce stiit. The testimony
showed that soon after their marriage :
.Mrs. Madsen gave Ole $3000 with which
to buy a homo. After five years she
learned that the property stood in her :
husband's name. Then their trouble com- |
roenced. and they have been lighting j
since 1877 over the $3000 house that was;
bought with her money.
Mrs. Madsen intended to bring suit
to assert her personal right, but she
permitted her husband to induce her
to take no action und finally she found
that the time had passed in which she
could seek redress. Madsen filed hU suit
to quiet the title in himself, but in his
complaint he failed to show the main
point of his contention. Attorney Fry,
on beJfalf of Mrs. Madsen, objected to the ;
plaintiff bring allowed to amend his com
plaint a second time, and made a novel i
argument that as the woman had lost j
the property by her own carelessness
and had regained it through the care
lessness of her husband it would be in
consistent on the part of the court to
take sides. Judge Greene took the saracj
view, and granted the woman the prop- ,
erty as he had previously granted the
decree of divorce.
BELIEVE IT WAS CALKINS.
He Was the Boy Who Jumped From
the Oakland Boat.
BERKELEY Aug. 11.— The family of
Charles Calkins, the missing schoolboy,
have reached the conclusion that the sul
ctde who Jumped from the ferry Tues
day morning was the lost lad. It has
... learned that the youth took the
T.I- urruph-avenue cars Tuesday morn
■ half-past 8 and got off at Four
teenth street. This would Rive him Just
time enough to walk to Franklin street
and take the narrow gauge train which
connected with tne boat upon which the
tragedy occurred.
A friend of the Calkins family took
the boy's picture to Alameda and showed
it to Mrs. Smith, the Witness of the jump,
who positively identified it as a likeness
of the suicide. When it was also ascer
tained that tii" description of the cloth-
Ing of the two as identical, the mother
and brothers of the lost boy gave up all
and now are certain that he was
the unfortunate.
The mystery of the death Is the ab
of any reason for the act. It Is
attributed to temporary insanity, it
having been his habit to moan and cry
cut in his Bleep of late. A schoolmate
to-day Informed his teacher that a week
oj s<»' ago young Calkins was struck bo
:ly on the head with a ba
while at piny in the yard that he was
knocked down and stunned. After this
1,,. i-,,i been noticed to have been dull
and listless. This probably so aiTected
his mind that he wandered away on
Tuesday and took a means of ending his
Tho deceased was well liked by all ac
quaintances for his cheery manner and
Bunny disposition. Many of his friends
refuse to believe that he made away
with himself, but rather think he has
gone to join .the army.
Senator Teller of Colorado writes
about the dangers of the new trade
in the Orient in next Sunday's Call.
A Thief's Novel Defense.
OAKLAND. Aug. 11.— Morris Unger, the I
peddler charged with stealing several
bundles of laundered clothing, made a
novel defense at his trial this morning. ■
Up claimed that a man the exact double ;
of blmseu and formerly in his employ had
stolen the goods and had thereafter pone:
to Stockton and drowned himself. Unger i
was found guilty of petty larceny, and ;
will be s.-ntenoed to-morrow.
Hastening Precinct Registers.
OAKLAND, Aug. 11. -County Clerk Jor
dan has forty clerks busy In his office
making up the registers for the prima
ries There are about 200 special outside
deputies for registration who facilitate
the work greatly, lie expects to have
nil the precinct registers in readiness by
to-morrow morning.
Stricken With Paralysis.
OAKLAND, Aug. 11.— Daniel Swett, an
aged capitalist, la lying at death's floor
at hia home on Bay Farm Island. H^ was
stricken with paralysis last Friday ntght,
and since that time his death has been
momentarily expected. Mr. Swett has
exti nsive property Interests on the Isl
and as well as in San Francisco. lie is
now over 71 years of age.
Wants His Fees.
OAKLAND, Aug. IT.-Dr. Jf 1 . Anthony
commenced a suit to-day against Mathil
da Meets as executrix of the estate of
Theodore Meets, deceased, for the recov
ery of $1295, claimed for medical and pro
fessional services rendered deceased prior
to his death. The plaintiff filed thOorcll-;
nary' claim with the executrix last May
but It was rejected.
Reliance Club Ladies' Night.
OAKLAND, Aug. 11.— The Reliance Club
will give a ladies' night next month and
will thereafter give one every month un
til n<xt «vmm* j r. The wheelmen are
training now for the bicycle meet to bo
held in Stockton on the 25th inst.
Horse Run Over.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 11.— Yesterday after
noon a team driven by a 1a 1 Chinese was
-nn into by a narrow-gauge engine at
iiieh street. One of the animals had two
len cut off, and it was shot by a soldier
who came by.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Thtfae* /^ : : ' ■ '- ■ ■•■_;
ilmila y»*^s» s/ ' s W
WEBE MARRIED IN OAKLAND.
A Happy Couple From San Francisco
Caused Judge Lawrence to Ad
journ Court.
OAKLAND, Augr. 11.— Dr. Henry Joseph
Proschold and Miss Wanda A. Peet were
married by Justice of the Peace Law
rence at his Oakland office this after
noon.
To accommodate the couple Judge Law
rence continued a case that was on trial
at his courtroom in Brooklyn Township,
and hastened with them to his Oakland 1
oHiop, an arrangement by which it was
hoped to prevent publicity.
The groom 1h a practicing physican with
an office on Golden Gate avenue, San
Francisco, and the bride is also a resi
dent of the metropolis. Her parents are
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' _____________
PROCLAMATION.
STATE OF California,
. '.-: EXECUTIVE department,
BACRAMENTO, July 30th. IS9S.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State Of
California, at Its thirty-second session begin- i
ning on the fourth day of January. A. D. 1597, !
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution or tn«
State of California, to-wlt:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
41.)
A resolution to propose to the people of th«
Btate of California, an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, In relation to revenue and taxation, by
which it Is proposed to amend said Bectlon to ;
read as follows: . ,_
Section 18. No county, city, town township,
board of education, or school district nhall in-
cur any Indebtedness or liability In any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding In any year
the Income and revenue provided for "for
euch year, . without the assent of two-thiraii
of he qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose nor un- ,
less before, or at the time of Incurring such
JnJebtednesß, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the interest on such Indebtedness as it rail*
due. and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
same; provided, however, that the City and
County of Pan Francisco may at any time pay
th_ unpaid claims with Interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for saia
city and county during the forty-third ana
fourth fiscal years, out of the Income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers In said city
and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of this section; and In determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no ,
statute of limitations shall apply In any man-
ner: and provided further, that the City of
Valiejo, In Bolano County, may pay its exist-
ing indebtedness incurred In the construction
of its waterworks, whenever two-thirds of tn«
•lectors thereof voting at on election held ror
that purpose, shall so decide. Any indebted-
ness or liability incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recitea.
•hall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the i
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion, to be known and designated as section |
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the Inhabitants of
counties, of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new ,
■ection to read as follows:
Section 7H- The inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for tnelr
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with, and sub-
ject to, the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty It snail De
within ninety days after such election, to pre- .
pare and propose a county government act for
Such c"unty which shall be signed In dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act ;
shall then be published In two papers of gen-
eral circulation In such county, or if there be
not two such papers, then in one only, for at i
' least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication it shall be ;
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county at a general or special election, and If :
a majority of such qualified electors voting j
thereon shall ratify the same, It shall there- i
after be submitted to the Legislature for its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
Dower of alteration or amendment, and if op-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, It shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall In such ;
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act. and
nil amendments thereof, and all special laws
Inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act. certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county, |
?ettlnjr fcrth the submission of such county |
Government act to the electors, and Its ratifica- i
tion them. shall be made In duplicate and |
?«Doslted one In the office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded In the
ofllce' of the recorder of deeds In the county,
among th» archives of the county.
All courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county government act bo ratified may be
amended at Intervals of not less than two
years by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
qualified electors thereof, at a general or
special election held at least forty days after
the publication of such proposals for twenty
J. v , in a newspaper of general circulation In
such county and ratified by at least three-
fifths of the qualified electors voting thereon,
end approved by the Legislature as herein pro-
vided for th«. approval of the county govern-
ment act In submitting any such county gov-
ern .ent act any alternative article or proposi-
tion' may be presented for the choice of tha
voters, and may be voted on separately with-
out prejudice to others.
It shaii be competent In all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner In
which the times at which, and the terms for
which' the several township and county officers
Ether ■than Judges of the Superior" Court, shall
tie elected or appointed; for their compensa-
tion- for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for th»
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
«n.i for the compensation payable to each of
■ueh deputies, for the manner in which, the
timid in which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
elected or appointed; and for the constitution.
l cufation. compensation and government of
luch boards, and of their clerks and attaches;
«l«o to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
Airted- and may In addition determine the
te«;ts and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical cartles and organisations may partici-
Date in any primary election.
Whei ever any county has. In the manner and
method herein pointed out. adopted any county
government act. and the same shall have been
nnnroved by the Legislature as aforesaid, the
Siructions of sections four and five of this
articl" providing for the uniformity of a
ivatem of county governments throughout the
? - ate and likewise providing for the election
hnd appointment of officers, and the regula-
tion of their compensation, shall not apply.
Bnid county government act shall, as to any of
the matters herelnebove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act. not be
Bubiect to any law or amendment enacted by
the Legislature, except by amendment first
submitted to the electors and ratified In the
manner hereinabove set forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section,
to be known and designated as. section five and
one-half article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read follows: of Claims shall con-
Section 6%. Tha Court of cc ' alms Bha » con-
sist of any three Judaea of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
?ourt at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive Jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims of every kind
nd character against the State., under such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
Its Judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
°ln the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March;
In the City and County of San Francisco,
commencing on the second Monday In July,
In the City of Sacramento, commencing on ;
the second Monday of November of each year.
The Judges holding such term of court shall ,
1 receive no , extra compensation therefor, but I
shall receive their actual expenses, to be paid
out of the general fund of the State treasury.
The Legislature shall enact all laws necessary
to organize such court, to provide th« pro-
cedure thereof and to carry out the provisions
of this section.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR. ...
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 87.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, amending article eleven,
by adding a new section thereto, to be known j
&9 section number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. The :
•aid proposed new section to read as follows:
Section 6%. The provisions .of sections four ;
•nd five of this article shall not. nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, . apply ■■ to
•ny consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
have become, or shall become, organized under
Motion seven, or secure a. charter under section
•lcbt of tbia article,—— ——.-— — — v- " i
well-to-do people, living in Ohio. The
bride Is a brunette- of remarkable beauty
and of twenty summers. The witnesses
to the ceremony were Miss Rose Ober
steller and her brother Oscar, who had
accompanied the couple across the bay.
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 11.— Garrett and Ert
wardson, the two youths who were
caught while robbing Crandall'a cigar
stand on Tuesday evening, pleaded guilty
to petty larceny to-day, and were lined
$40 each.
Frederick Arthur and Miss Lillian Mary
Beere were married in this city this al
ternoon by Justice Morris.
A handicap billiard tournament will be
commenced at the Enciaal Recreation
Club rooms on Monday evening next, to
be continued every Monday and Thursday
evening until completed.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVH.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the j
State of California, an amendment of section !
fifteen and section sixteen of article five of the
Constitution of the State of California, by
which It Is proposed to amend said sections to ;
read as follows:
Section 18. A Lieutenant Governor shall be
elected at the same time and place and In th»
HUM manner as the Governor, and his term of ;
Office and his qualifications shall be the same.
Be shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
Section 16. In case of the Impeachment of
Ihe Governor, or his removal from office, death.
Inability to discharge the powers and duties
of his office, resignation, or absence from the
State, the powers and duties of the office shall \
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the :
residue of th« term, or until the disability
shall cease. And should the Lieutenant Gover- ;
nor be Impeached, displaced, resign, die, or
become Incapable of performing the duties of ;
his office, or be absent from the State, the
president pro tempore of the Senate shall act
M Governor until the vacancy in the office of
Governor shall be filled at the next general
election when members of the Legislature shall :
be chosen, or until such disability of the Lieu-
tenant Governor shall cease. In case of a va-
cancy in the office of Governor for any of the
reason;* above named, and neither the Lieu-
tenant Governor nor the president pro tempor*
of the Senate shall succeed- to the powers and
duties of Governor, then the powers and duties
of ruch office shall devolve upon the Speaker \
of th« Assembly, until the office of Governor
shall be filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38). ..
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to Section
six. Article nine of the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to grammar schools by '
which it Is proposed to amend Bald section to
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall In- !
elude primary and irrammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools,
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools Fhall include schools organized In •
.chool district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand inhabitants, in
which a course of study shall be taught which |
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
mining or scientific department of the Uni-
versity of California. ~ . .
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34..
A resolution to propose to the people of tha
State of California an amendment to Section
two of Article four of the Constitution, In rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which It
Is proposed to amend said section to read aa ;
follows: i
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on 1
the first Monday after the first day of January J
next succeeding the election of Its members,
and ohall be biennial unless the Governor shall
In the Interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain ■.
la session for twenty-five days, after which It 1
must ndjourn to some date not less than thirty |
nor mere than sixty days from the time of ad- I
journment. If the two houses fall to agree 1
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation, :
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
\ assembling, the Legislature shall complete its
cession. No pay shall be allowed to members j
; for a longer period than seventy-five days, and
i no bill shall be introduced In either house cx-
i cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,
! without the consent of three-fourths of the
1 members thereof. ■ .
NOW, THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provi-
I sions of the Constitution, and an act of the
! Legislature of the State of California, entitled
! "An act to provide for the submission of pro- I
i posed amendments to the Constitution of the |
1 State of California, to the qualified electors for i
' their approval." approved March 7. A. D. IBS 3, 1
! the above-described Proposed amendments are
hereby published and advertised to be voted '
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the I
State, at th_ election to. be held ' throughout i
this State on .
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8. A. D. IMS.
The said proposed amehdrients are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
low.: 0
Each ballot used at such election must con- |
tnln written or printed thereon the ■ following i
words, whereupon the voter may express his j
choice an provided by law: \ i
Amendment Number One. being Senate f !
Constitutional Amendment No. 41 i
(exempting certain claims against the ''
City and County of Ran Francisco, and '
the existing Indebtedness of the City Yet '
of Vallelo for the construction of Its- 1
water works from the. provisions of No '
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the Income and reve-
nues of the year In which they were
Incurred). -.;? :
For the Amendment? ■-,' -■■■'[■ ■
Amendment Number Two, being- Senate f ■'.*■'
Constitutional • Amendment No. ■10 Teg
(providing for framing local . county -
government acts by inhabitants of^ No
counties for their government). . I
For the Amendment? (
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- fj
ate Constitutional Amendment No. I
4-4 (providing for the creation of a j i
Court of Claims to determine claims Tea '
against the State, end to consist of — I
three Superior Judges designated by No.
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation).
For the Amendment? (>
Amendment Number Four," being As- '
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37 (exempting consolidated cities Yes
and counties, organized or to be or- —
ganlzed. or holding a charter un- No
der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation In relation to counties).
For the Amendment? ' • •• !
Amendment Number Five, being 'Aa- '
sembly Constitutional v Amendment
No. 36 (relating to office of Governor, Ye»
providing for succession thereto In — — j
certain cases and removing dlsabllty No
of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office during term).
For the Amendment? 1
Amendment Number Six. being Assem- '
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 38 Tee)
(relating to and defining Grammar- i
Schools). No
For the Amendment? •
Amendment Number Seven, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment ' •
No. 34 (providing for adjournment of Tea
Legislature for not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days during each No
session).
For the Amendment? !
Witness my hand and the Great Seal of th« :
State of California, the, day and year herein I
first above written,
JAMES H. BUDD. Governor.
Attest: L. H. BROWN, Secretary of State.
TBI-AL.I . ' -
y*"~l^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
£,ws^|n 6i_O KKABXT ST. Established
!>FTl!^*\ ln |554 * or tl)e treatment of Private
KfljL lkJKJfy Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, i
9 625 KEABKT NT. Established
» In 1534 for tbe treatment of. Private
JS IMsenaea, Lost M»nh<«*d. Debility or
fc33j«SyS.'Ka disease wearing on hod y»nd mind and
_s__§_sP_S__l 9kln Diseases. I'hedoclorcures when ;
_^-<At____^ others fall. Try him. Chnrges low.
yHSV^wSS&&- «nrp»iruarnntfrd. C&llorwrite.
£>r. _f. _.'. *_IB__O_f, Box 1037, San Francisco.
BAILEOAJD TBAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
... S V- Via Sausallto Perry.
FROM SAN FRAJN CISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:OO, •8:00. -9:30. 11:00 a. m.:
•1-45 3:20, 4:00, 6:16, *6:00. 6:30 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays, j
Wednesdays. Saturdays and ■. Sundays <at ll:_t |
d. SUNDATS— •SiOO. •9:00. •10:00.' 11:00, 11:34 j
SUNDATS— *B:OO. »9:00, »10:00. 11:00, 11:34
a. m . ; 1:00, »1:«, »2:30, »4:00. 5:30. 6:46 p. m. i
1100 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sundays. I
5-30 p. m does not run to Mill Valley Sundays. j
Trains marked * run to San-Quentin."-
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. !
WEEK DATS— 6:2S. »6:36. • 7:55. 8:25. «9:5« >
a m : »12:20, 2:10, »3:40, 4:35, 6:15 p. m. i
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays ;
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS-" :00, '8:00,, •3:45, •10:45. '11:4s .
a m.; 1:00. 2:20. •3:80, »5:15, . •8:00, 7:00 p. m. •
Trains marked • start from San Quentln. :
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45, 1:56, 8:43. 10;
a m.; 12:40, 2:25, 3:55. 4:55, 5:20 p. m. .. ...
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays,
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. ...
SUNDAYS— S:OO. 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 13:06. 1:20.
2:40. 3:65. 5:30, 6:30 p. m. *".', . - •.-.': ;
' THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero r and , way sta'ns. j
8:20 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and. way sta'ns, i
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturday excepted)-^TcH
males and way stations. -... . , i
8:00 a. m Sundays— Cazadero and way ata'ns. j
_;45 p. m. Sundays- Point Reyes and way sU'na, j
B.AXLBOAD TBAVEIi. _. j
MOUTIII-UN HA« It-It' CO__P___.-T.
(PACiriO SYMTBM.)
Trnlui lenve nuil »■■«• tin* to nrrl . • »•
HAM iua.\«
(Main Line, Foot of .Market Street.)
wave — . From July 10. 1898. — abbot*
•cfo<U Nile*. San Jose and Way Stations... •8:13 a.
, 7:OO\ »enici», Sulsnn Hud Sacramento . . . . 10:43 a.
7:OOa MarysvillP, OroTille ami Uuddiug *ia
W..K>.U;uid V. a*.a '*.V r
7sooa Elmira, VacaTille and R-unsey 8:40P
7j»Oa Martinez, San R»mon, Vallejo, Napa,
CttliiU)g;iau<l Santa Rosa 2 : 1,
8:OOa Atlantic Express, Og.len and H»_t.. Si_3F
»!««a Sun 'Job., Stockton, Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, M»ry_»illo,
Chioo, Tehama and Ite.l 81urt.,.. *****
»::«O\ Petew, Oakdaie and Jamestown.... '»•»*
•S:3oa. Milton ■■• # 7ilBr
!»:««a New Orleans ICxpreas, Merced. Fres- .
no, ISakenliuM. «anta Barbara,
Ik>B AttftoleS, Demii.K. El I'aao,
New Orleans -and K«_t Oi4»p
IO:OOa "Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:45p
•I:OOp Sacramento Hiver Stenmurs •BiOllp
....... San Jose, Nilea and Way Stations..'.' J-:l3a,
StOOp LiTen_ore, Mendoto, Hanford and
Visalla 4:15*
LiTermoro, San Jose, Nilesand Way •
Stations ".. t»0:15_.
OOP Martinez, Han lUinon, - Vallejo
--. Napa, Caiistuga, Xl Varan o and
Santa Itoaa -. »iI»A
4:00r Bcnlciii. VacaTille, Woodland.,
Knights Landing, Marysville. Oro-
fille ftii(18aci»ment0.. ........... IO _ :4 * A
«:3Or Nilea. San Jobc, Tracy and Stockton ■ 7:13 e
■t.-SOp Stockton and Lodi.. l»xl»*
•:30p Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
MojaTe, Hauta Barbara ana i.os
Aimers :....... ;......... 7i4S».
4 :30p Martinez. Merced (Raymond for
Yo»emite)and Fresno ../... IZ«I_F
4:! top Santa IV l.'oiite, Atlantic Kxpress
fi.rM<>ja»e an.l Kast 6: 1? p
6iO»r Kuropeun Mail, Ogilen and Kant.... _»:42*» :4 2*
I •6:oopValleJo *■*■**
Ilajnrarilß Nll«* and Han Jose 7:43 a.
J7:Oop Vallejo, Fort Costa and Way Sta-
tiona J9:43*
SiOOp Oregon ]Cxi'r«"BB,HacrftMieiito, Marys-
Yllle, It'eiklliiK, rortlanil. Tuget
BoiHiil ami KH»t .. BllQ4
' SAN LKAMfIiO AMI HAVWAKDS LOCAL.
, (Foot ol Market Street.) <
1 MelroNe. Noniinarr Park, f '*_?_
»:OOA Kitclibun*, Klinlmrnt, '! i'Jt
.2 :< IJI* San LraiKlrn. South 8m . {!..-*
ll'tSoi Leandro. K tu,lillO, JiUSJ
ii:>iooM ' Lorento, Cherry • |li4sp
iMti . *«><• , i VM r
3:o«tp llajwnr«l«i. isi43r
7:UOp < Run» through to Nlles. 7:45r
j t From Nlles. .» I
COAST'IUVIHION (.Narrow <lßuge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17i43a Santa Cruz Kicursion, Santa Cru«
and Principal Way Stations J«i_3f
8:19 a Newark.C-uterTtll., San Jo_e,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Oruz and Way
Stations •• »i3of
•2i15. Newark, CenterTille, San Jose, New .
Almaden, Felton, . Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and lYincipal Way
Stations.. MOsno*
4»13p San Jose, Glenwood & Way Stations 0:20 a.
q4:l3p Boulder Creek »nd Sapta Ur0i....'.. ,»:2Wa.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
mm SIS mHCISCO— foot of Mirket Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 A. M. }l:03 *2:00 )3:00
•1:00 15:00 •8:00f.m. .. I 1.:::?I 1 .:::?
rromOHlUHD— Foot of Broadway.— "6:oo 8:00 10:001.11.
112=00 •1:00 t2:00 *3:00 14:00 «8:00f.M.
COAST HI VISION (Broad Oauge).
(Third and Townsend SU.)
•7:«Oa San Jose ami Way HUtiuns (New
Altnadeu Wednesdays only) 1«30f
17:30 a Sunday Excursion for Ban Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific GroTe and
Principal Way Stations JSs33p
8:00 a Man .logo. Tres Finos, Knnta Cruz,
Pacilie (irore. I'aio Uubleß, Sun
I, ilia <>liis|io. Guadalupe, Surf and
Vrlncinal Way Stations 4:lOr
lOi<Oa Han .lose ami Way Stations *Si«Oa
I1:3Oa Ban J..ae an.l Way .Station* •Bi33a
*9ti43r San Matco. Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, >San .lose,
Gilrcy. Holllster. Santa (.-nil.
Salinas, Monterey aud Paolflo
Grove «lOi3«i
i 'aiSOpSanJoie and Way Stations »»:««A
i . «4:l3i> San .Tone and Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
*3:<><lp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:35 a
s::<Oi> 3an Jose and Principal Way Stations 5:30p
«::tO[> San Jose ami Way Stations 7:30p
; III :■«■•> i- San and Way .Stations 7:30p
i A for Morning. 1* for Afternoon.
I * Sundays excepteil. t Sundays only, t Saturdays only
i Sundays and Monday*. a Saturdays and Sundays,
— ' • *~~ i
I SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
i Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
• SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m., 12.-S3.
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— .Extra trips at 1:58
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30, 3:30.
j 6:00, 6:20 p. m. f.
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
' SUNDAYS— S: 10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
. 6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
i same schedule as above.
j Leave Arrive
I San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
; June 29, •
Week I Sun- IS9B. Sun- I Week
I Days. 1 days. Destination. days. [ Days.
7:3oam .S:ooam Novato, 10:40 am B:4oam
I 3:3opm 9:3oam Petalurna, 6:lopm 10:25 am
6:lopm 6:oopm Santa , Rosa- 7:35pm 6 :22 pm
_____ Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, : • 10:25 am
; Healdsburg,
; . Lytton. 1
Geyserville,
• S:3opm SrOOam Cloverdale. 7:35pm _:2_pm
7:3o ami I Hopland and I 10:2." am
3:3opm 8:00am| Uklah. . | 7 :3spm | 6:22pm
1 7:30 am ' 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm ••
1 8:30 pm 6::2pra
I 7:3oam S:ooara Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oam
and
s:lopm s:oopm Glen Kllen. 6:lopm 6:2? pm
7:Soamt 8:00 ami Sebastopol. 110:40 amllO :25am
8:30 pm| 5:00 pm.l "-'I 7:35 m ' 6:22 pia
Stag-es connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
eervllle for Skagxs Springs; at Clovenlale tor
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan (Springs,
Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, -Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and. Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno. Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side, Llerley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights,
Hullvilie, Booiievirie. Orr'a Hot Springs Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg, West port, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point)
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bids.
A. W. FOSTER, R- X. RTAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. , Gen. Pass. Agent.
; ; — ~~j ..... .. '
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car>«
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Following Time i
Leave San Franclsco.4:3o p. m.. S.M.T.W.T.F.a_
Arrive Denver.. .5:00 p. m.. W.T.F.S.S.M.T.,
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis.... 8:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W,
Arrive Chicago 9:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
6erv« Superior Meals at Very Reason*
able Rates.. , .
YOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
If You Travel on the Santa Fa,
Ul FRAHCISCQ TICKET OFFICE— m MARKET ST,
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531. -."-'
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento' Office— 2ol J Strest.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara Si*
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAOIiiN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jane 1. IS.S. trains will run a3 follows:
South-bound. I North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. ■ Mired. | Passen- .
ger, Sunday Sta- Sunday I ger.
Daily.; Exc'pted tlons. Exc'pted Daily.
7:20 am 9:00 a m Stockton 1 3:45 p m 6:40 pno
9:10 a m 12:50. p m Merced 12:50 p m 3:63 ra
10:40 a m 3:50 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 p ni
11:35 am 6:45 p m Hanford 7:45 m) 125p ra
2:45 p m 11:50 p m B'k'rsfld 2:30 a m 10:15 a m
12:05 pru 7:50 p m Visalla 6:40 a mj12:55 p m
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at •
i»,m dally; at M«t> •■ i with stares to and from
SnelUng-, " Coulterville, Yosemlte, etc. ; also
with stage from Hornitos, Mariposa. etc. at
Lankershlm with stage to and from Madera.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SGEHIC RAILWAY.
' (Via Sausallto Ferry.)
i Leave San Francisco, • commencing- May 1*
1593 * " ' * - ♦ - . . - -
Week Days*— a. m.. 1:43 and 5:15 p. m.
Sundays— S:oo, 9:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
i 2:30 p. m. ■-•-•■•
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1. • _-
THOS.* 9OOK i SON, Agents, £21 Market
street. ' San -Francisco. :
f6tly.Calisl:l_BrYfiar,
910
THE ARIZONA
TO BE READY
ON SATURDAY
Order to Be Issued
To-Day.
REVIEW OF SECOND BRIGADE
i
THE THREE REGIMENTS MAKE A
FINE SHOWING.
A Steamer Loaded With Provisions
and Supplies Will Be Sent
to General Merrftt at
Manila.
The transport steamer Arizona will be
ready for the reception of troops on Satur
day, 'and the order designating- the troops
that she Is to carry to Manila and statins
the time of embarkation will be issued to
day at military headquarters. The troops
'to go are two battalions of regulars— one
from the Eighteenth and the other from
the Twenty-third Regiments of Infantry—
and recruits for the Tenth Pennsylvania
and First Colorado.
Brigadier General Kins, In command of
the Second Brigade, will sail on the Ari
zona.
The transport Scandia, It la now stated,
will be ready to take on troops next
Thursday. She will carry the Seventh
California, some recruits and a portion
of the Hospital Corps. Her capacity is
1500 troops.
The Australia and City of Sydney are
expected back from Manila some time
next week, and will very likely he ordered
Immediately on a second trip to the Phil
ippines, followed by the City of Peking.
These three vessels will take the Fifty
first lowa, the Twentieth Kansas and
First Tennessee.
At an early day Major General Merriam
■will dispatch to Manila a steamer loaded
entirely with provisions for Major General
Merritt's forces. This supply will be suffi
cient to last 20,000 soldiers for several
months. These provisions are to be pur
chased in San Francisco.
SECOND BRIGADE REVIEW
Fifty- First lowa, First Tennes-
see and Twentieth Kansas
Make a Fine Showing.
Major General Merriam reviewed the
Second Brigade of the Philippine Island?
expeditionary forces at 10 o'clock yes
terday morning upon the golf grounds of
the Presidio reservation. Hundreds of
Interested people witnessed the review.
The Second Hripade was under the com
mand of Brigadier General Charles King,
aad that distinguished olucer has every |
right to feel proud of the men whom he j
has the honor to command, for the Fifty
first lowa, First Tennessee and Twen
tleth Kansas regiments made a showing
that has not been surpassed by any vol
teers now in the service.
In addition to Generals Merriam and
King and their respective staffs. General
Marcus P. Miller and staff were also
present. Lieutenant Colonel Stacpole of
the First New York, and a number of j
prominent National Guard officers like- j
■wise witnessed the review. First Lieu
tenant Floyd W. Harris, adjutant of the
Fourth United States Cavalry, and for
merly military attache for the Govern- '-
ment at the court of Belgium, was in the ;
reviewing party.
General Merriam was attended byTroop
B Fourth United States Cavalry, under
First Lieutenant Lockwood, in the ab- :
senco of First Lieutenant John M. Neall, ,
as an escort of honor, and his presence
was further recognized by a salute from !
the guns at Port Point. "When the gen- '
eral and staff arrived the regiments were :
formed In line of masses on the brow of
the hill facng Camp Merritt. with lowa
on the right, Tennessee in the center and !
Kansas on the left. The reviewing
party first rode around the brigade, after
which each regiment, headed by its band,
passed in review before Generals Mer
riam, Miller and King in columns of com
panies, and afterward in columns of
fours. ,
At the conclusion of the review Gener
als Merriam and Miller complimented
General King both on the appearance and
th© condition of his brigade. The an
nouncement made to the brigade by Gen
eral King that it would be sent to Ma
nila as soon as the necessary transports
could be secured caused the wildest ex
citement, and the regiments cheered their
commanding officer to the echo.
TO ENTERTAIN THE SIXTH.
The Command Will Be Wel
comed by Native Daughters'
Red Cross Aid.
There will be a meeting to-night in Na
tive Sons' Hall of the Native Daughters'
Red Cross Association for the purpose of
perfecting arrangements for the enter
tainment to be given by that association
•to the members of the California Sixth
Regiment of Volunteers. It is proposed
to give a literary entertainment in the
fore part of the evening, and that will be
followed by a dance. There will be an
address of welcome to the soldiers by
Mips Eliza D. Keith of Alta Parlor, sec
retary of the association, and the re
sponse on behalf (if the Sixth California
will be by Major Grant.
The Exempt Fire Company of this clty
has donated the sum of $25 to the asso
ciation.
War Incidents.
Private Clarence Day, Company M.
"First Tennessee Regiment, died at tht IM
vlsion Hospital on Wednesday night of
typhoid fever. Five men of the regiment
•were sent back to their homes on yester
fiay on sick furloughs. In the future only
this number will be pent each day. The
men who went yesterday were furnished
■with the money necessary for their meals
upon the trip by the Bed Cross Society.
Sven Cappleton, acting hospital steward,
in charge of the nurses at the Presidio
camp. Is sick with the measles. Ife was
one of the nurses sent uere by Mrs.
Whitelaw Reid, and is a graduate of
Bellevm; Hospital, New York. Eugene S.
Wood, another of the acting hospital
steward*, is sick with malaria.
The following promotions have been
made in Troop B, Fourth Cavalry: Corpo
ral James Wilson to be sergeant, vice
Sergeant Brooke, appointed sergeant ma
jor .if the regiment, and Private Charles
Blackburn to be coirporal, vice Wilson,
promott d.
In the First Washington Regiment the
following promotions have been made:
To be corporals in Company D— Privates
'p. A. Frailer, F. D. Hoburg, <;. A.
Phelps, A. W. Merritt. W. a. Beck, L. W.
Rawley and L. E. Tennyson.
Camp Barrett.
CAMP BARRETT, Father Tract. Aug.
11.— Thus far only two ni<-n have I>< <•»
found deficient In the Eighth Regiment
and have been mustereu out. Frank
Bush, who la down with typhoid-pneumo
jila at the Fablola Hospital, i.s doing as j
well as could be expected. Private Evans,
ajt the County Hospital, Buffering from
injuries sustained by diving into shal
low w;iter. is not expected to hold out
much longer.
Smuggled Cigars Seized.
Customs Inspectors Betzed yesterday sno
Mexican cigars on board the steamer
Curacao which arrived from Vera Cruz.
Influences of the war on politics
discussed by prominent peopie In
next Sunday's CalL
CRUELLY CRUSHED BY AN ENGINE.
Terrible Accident to Fred Buddms on the Shio
Himalaya,
® Fred Buddrus of 85 Madison avenue lost his life shortly after 1 o'clock ®
® yesterday afternoon. He was engaged In running a donkey engine hoisting ®
® freight on the Hawaiian ship Himalaya. He stopped the engine for the (•>
® purpose of adjusting some part of the machinery, and was standing on ®
® the winding drum with a wrench "in his hand. His foot slipped and In try- ®
® ing to recover his balance he started the engine going. In an instant he ®
® was wound around the drum and the piston pounded his abdomen to a jelly, ®
® killing him almost instar-tly. • ®
® Deputy Coroner McCormick was obliged to obtain the aid of several ®
® engineers" before the mangled body of the unfortunate man could be taken ®
® out. ®
® The deceased was a native of Germany, 61 years old. and leaves a ®
® widow and several stepdaughters. He had been out of work for two months ®
® and secured employment last Tuesday from J. E. Whitney of 11 Steuart ®
® street. ®
MARINE FIREMEN WANT
NO COOLIE LABOR
TELEGRAMS SENT TO SECRETA
RIES ALGER AND LONG.
If No Reply Is Received the Trouble
Will Be Told to Senators Perkins
and White and Congress
man Maguire.
The Pacific Coast Marine Firemen
; Union has a hard fight on its hands. They
i want the Chinese crew of the Government
: transport Arizona replaced with white
: men. but Uncle Sam seems determined to
■ stick to the coolies. He has legislated
against them time and again and now
, when it comes to the simple manning of a
United States ship, paid for by the tax
payers of the country, the taxpayer has
to take a back seat and the coolie gets
j Secretary P. Rogers, In the name of the
! union, has sent the following telegram to
: Secretaries Alger and Long:
! -The Pacific Coast Marine Firemen
Union protests against the employment of
Chinese firemen on the steamer Arizona.
j Five hundred idle American firemen de
! m The win' wait until this afternoon
I for a reply to their message, and it none
' comes the matter will be laid before ben
atSrT Perkins and White ami Congress
man MaKulre "We are determined to
S& XtfSSi* m this matter" ->U **
rptarv RoKers yesterday. it > s t!Ot rl & ru
i to give Chinese work on a Government
boat when honest American citizens are
Idle The trouble began with the trans
port City of Peking. The Chinese were
taken out of her and white men put In
< their place. Of the . firemen given work
only four were union men. but neverthe
less the union sent a letter to the Mail
Company thanking it for giving white
me? a Job on the Government transport.
A few days later we learned that the
white firemen were employed because the
Chinese were afraid to go to the war and
struck On the way to Manila the Peking
nearly stopped on account of poor firing.
and all the blame was put on the union.
All we had in the ship was four members
and they were nearfy worked to death
trying to keep steam in the boilers.
•• Oif the China and Peru the Chinese
\ had got over their scare and agreed to go
Ito Manila. In consequence there was no
job for the white firemen and Captain
Seaburv openly said that the Mail Com
pany would sooner have coolie labor every
time The Arizona came here with a Chl
! n™!' crew and yesterday eight more were
put aboard to round out an even one hun
dred and fifty. Of these over fifty are fire
men so you see that the deckhands and
cab"n boys are equally interested in this
fleht Why can't the Government put
these Chinese aboard the Doric and send
'■ them home to-morrow? The country will
: be well rid of them, and 150 citizens of the
; United States will get a chance to earn a
11 "The men on the Scandia are all to wear
a uniform and each man has to pay $12
' for it Now if Uncle Sam persists In cm
i ploying ' Chinese on the Arizona I wonder
I will he make each one of them put up $12
' £O»TO »T a hla n t f hin™- has to be stooped. The
United States says that no Chinese la
1,. rer can enter this country, and in face
of that the United States authorities em
ploy Chinese laborers to the exclusion of
American white labor. If there was a
roar over the making of soldiers uni
forms by Chinese cheap labor, what
should be the outcry over such a state of
affairs as this? If the United States
steamer Arizona leaves San Francisco
: with troops for Manila manned by a Chi
| nese crew it will be a disgrace to our civ
| llization." _
TOLD HER TO PRAY.
An Insane Man Vainly Attempted
to Kill His Stepmother.
William D. Outcalt, who was recently
discharged from the Insane asylum,
made a murderous attack on his Btep
motber last night. The latter lives at
171S Folsom street. Shortly after 7
o'clock Outcalt went home, and picking
up a hatchet told his stepmother to pray,
as he Intended to "chop her in pieces."
The father was In an adjoining room, and
realizing his wife's helplessness he hur
riedly summoned a policeman. The lat
ter reached the house just as Outcalt was
about to carry his threat into execu-
He was secured after a short struggle
and taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where h< was placed in a padded cell.
To-day an effort will be made to have
him sent back to the asylum.
Postoffice Bed Cross.
The San Francisco Hpstoflice branch of
the lied Cross Association has contributed
$6<U 75, which has been distributed as fol-
To the Red Cross Society, $450; to the
Ladies' Catholic Truth Society, $100; to
the Home Helpers' Society, $50. The re
mainder Is in the reserve fund.
THE CRYSTAL BWHOfBTG BATHS.
Physicians recommem". 'Hi Crystal warm sea
water tub and swlmii. . ', r\ North Beach.
THE SAN FRASTCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 32, 1898.
HAS PASSED INTO
HIS ETERNAL SLEEP
CHARLES W. MANWARING AN
SWERS THE CALL OF DEATH.
His Demise Occurred at His Home
in This City Yesterday
Afternoon.
Charles W. Manwaring died at his
home, 375 l Seventeenth street, yesterday
afternoon at 5 o'clock. suffer
ing for the past six months from the ef
fects of a severe attack of pneumonia,
and though his life was despaired of by
his mother and friends, ho did not believe
that he would die. His hopefulness was
a characteristic of his business and po
litical life.
His faithful application to the interests
of his employers, J. Gundlacb & Co., and
earnest work In behaif of the Republican
County Ontral Committee, of which 'v
was chairman for several years, and
presidency of the Bear Club, won for him
the high esteem of the business men of
the city and the confidence of r;i-n en
gaged in political life. Hia petition for
appointment in the Internal Revenue De
partment was signed by a thousand busi
ness men, whose wealth represented
many millions of dollars.
Mis father, Charles C. Manwnrlng. was
a captain in the Civil War. and was killed
in the service of his country. l>> ■
v<as an only son an«l made a home *oi
his mother, who is heartbroken with
grief at his death. Th<- funeral will bn
conducted by i'acitic Lodge, F. and A. M..
in which order be had taken the thirty
second degree. The burial will occur
probably on Sunday, though arrange
ments are not yet perfected. t
A BIG COURSING STAKE.
Over Eighty Fast Cogs Will Compete
at Ingleside Park To-Morrow.
A most enthusiastic gathering of the
leading leashmen of this city took place
last evening in Pythian Castle to enter
their charges and to witness the drawing
for the big meeting of eighty-four dogs
which will be held at Ingleside Park on
Saturday and Sunday. The park commit
tee did not desire more than a seventy
two dog stake, but the owners were so
deeply anxious to see their "flyem" In ac
tion that the committee stretched a point
in their favor. The draw was:
Open stake -$875, as follows: $100. $60. $45,
three at $35, five at $2"., eleven at $20, twenty
two ut $10 — T. ,T. Melnemy's Esoele R vs. Na
poleon Kennel'i Pacific Queen; 1. L. Sear* n.>t
Stuff vs. Kay & Trant's Sylvia; S. E. Portal's
Our Boy vs. ,T. Dean's Moondyne; J. O'Brien's
Admiral Dewey vs. Handy ft Smith's Ida; Bus-
Bell & Wilson' ■ Victor Queen va, D. Ford's
Handy Andy; D. Shannon's Sprig o' Hill vs.
E. V. Sullivan's False Flatterer; J. O'Brien's
Miss Perkins vs. K. W. W'y man's Hush o* Hill;
j. Campbell's Lee Boy vs. T. Hug-lies' Nelly
H; '■■ Smart's 'hiquita vs. Lynch & Maher's
Lottie M; D. Flynn'a Tom Hell vs. Handy &
Smith's Victor: I>. Shannon's Soubrette vs. I.
O'Donnell's Counterfeit; Penelope Kennel's
San Mateo vs. 8. Hanson's L. S. Conlej" P.
Black's occidental vs. E. M. Elfcus' Telephone
i Girl; J. McCormlck's White Lily vs. R. Coch
ran's Traveler; .1. McCaffrey's Judge H vs.
i & Moore's Monitor; W. Dalton's
| Decency vs. Pembroke Kennel's Petronlos; J.
Stroud's Peaceful Glen vs. Ford & Thomas'
i Sir Walter; M. Allen's Miss Alice vs. Kay &
j Trant's Innisfallen; A. Vanderbergh's Hobson
: vs. .1. ("ox's Clifton I^ass; T. Cooney's Promise
Me vs. J. Sheehan's tui O' Qowrto; F. Mur
phy* Ollt Edge vs. J. PeriKo's Wayfarer; J.
: Cox's Mission Tip vs. J. McCormlok's White
I Wings; Napoleon Kennel's Valley Star vs. D.
Hooper's Koolawn; Kay & Trant's Eclipse vs.
• I>. Shannon's Systematic; O. Burfelnd's Royal
i'rlze vs. ('. Strehl's Skylark; Luhnsen & Dun
run's Preclta t'Jlrl vs. Napoleon Kennel's Fire
ball: Dillon & Ileilly's Dauntless vs. (i. Smart's
BllkWOOd: .T. lean's Mialmo vs. M. Delano's
Daisy Hill; .T. Strand's Newsboy vs. F. Fenti
! man's Whitehall; Kay & Trant's I^eonora vs.
M. Delano's Trinket; B. Dougherty's Palmer
Hill vs. Penelope Kennel's Das Palmas; I-uhn
sen & Duncan's May W vs. O. Hoaga Obe
dlah; Napoleon Kennel's Decorator vs.*Larkey
& Rode 1 ■ Myrtle; J. Farley's Tullamore vs. A.
I Halgh's Hartlwlst; Deekt-lman ft Panarto's Ql«n
Roy vs. Kay & Trant 's Masterpiece; Deckel
i man & Panario's r 'Id Glory vs. T. GaJrney'n
Loralne; o'Cnnnell Bro* ' Log Hoy vs. T. J.
Cronln'a TbornhiU; D. {Caber's n<-lle of Mos
cow vs. Pembroke Kennel's MnKio; J. Murphy's
Dempsey Diiss vs. I^arkey & Hock's Emerald;
<; ::)nnnn"? Fireman vs. Kay & Trant's Cross
patch; D. Ford's Bonlta vs. Lynch & Maher's
Mystic Maid; T. J. Milnerny's Johnny H vs.
IC. V. Sullivan's Royal Buck; P. Brophy'a !(»•-
Dlcia Boy vs. Russell & "Wilson's Lady Her
schel.
A School Girl Missing.
The disappearance of an 8-year-old school
girl from the residence of her parents, 735
Broadway, is causing much anxiety. The
child, I,upe Saucedo. Is the Btepdaugh
ter of Secundino Soto. She attended
stepdaughter of Seeundino Soto. She
the Broadway Grammar School on Mon
day last. On her return from school at
3 o'clock pho went out on the street to
play. Since then she has not been seen.
)l< r parents have made diligent Beach for
her but so far nothing- has been ascer
tained as to her whereabouts.
Senator Teller of Colorado writes
about the dangers of the new trade
in the Orient in next Sunday's Call.
SHIPS FOR THE
SOUND TRADE
Improved Steamer Serv
ice to Northern Ports.
TRIED TO END HER LIFE
A COLORED WOMAN ATTEMPTS
TO JUMP OVEBBOARD.
Jules Hansen, an ex-Sailor and Now
a Soldier, Causes Trouble on
the Water Front — Notes
Here and There.
There is to be a semi-weekly steamer
Bervice between San Francisco und Puget
Sound ports in the near future. The 3'a
clric Coast Steamship Company has been
contemplating the change for some time,
but the opening of the war and the con-
Bequent withdrawal of the steamers Sen
ator and City of Puebla delayed the mat
ter. The steamer Corona will Ije r» ;,<s>• for
service In a few days, however, and as
soon as she is put In commission the new
schedule will commence.
The Corona, it will be remembered, ran
ashore while on her way from Dyea and
Skaguay, but she was afterward got off
the beach and patched up. Temporary re
pairs were made at Seattle and the
steamer came to San Francisco and has
been overhauled at the Union Iron Works.
When completed she will go on the south
ern run, taking: the place of the Santa
Itosa. The latter vessel will be put on
the Puget Sound route and will run in
conjunction with the Umatllla, Walla
Walla and Queen. Steamers will leave
San Francisco Wednesday and Saturday
of each week and will arrive at Victoria,
B. C. each Monday and Friday and Seat
tle every Tuesday and Saturday. Return
ing the steamers will leave Seattle every
Sunday and Thursday, arriving here ev
ery Wednesday and Sunday. The return
of the Senator and City of Pueblo, will
make a change in the vessels of the Sound
Beet, but it will make no change In the
sailing days. The increase in the passen
ger and freight business between San
Francisco and Puget Sound ports has
made the addition of another vessel to the
fleet an solute necessity.
The schooner Hattie Phillips, which
brought the Blackburn party of Klondik
ers from Gloucester, Mass., has been sold
to W. Loanza & Co., for Mexican parties.
The vessel is at present in Oakland Creek,
but she is to be pulled out to-day and
overhauled, after which she will be put
under the Mexican flag. The Phillips will
be engaged in trade on the Mexican coast.
The British bark West York will get
away for Sydney, X. S. W., to-day. The
trouble over her deckload of lumber has
been adjusted. The captain of the bark
was willing to allow 25.000 feet of lumber
on the deck, but the charterers wanted to
put double that quantity aboard, so the
matter ended In none at all being taken.
The members of the State Typograph
ical Union are to make an excursion
around the bay to-morrow. They have
secured the tug Governor Markham from
the Harbor Commissioners and will leavo
Mission-street wharf at 9 a. m. All
points of interest on the bay will be vis
ited. *.
The river steamer Zinfandel is kept very
busy these days. Napa County Is sending
out more products than any other place
in the State, and nearly all of it is coming
down by steamer. Yesterday the Zinfan
del brought down 22,000 gallons of win*
and a large consignment of hay, beside*
quantities of fruit. The Zinfandel trans
ers her hay to other river steamers and
most of It goes up the San Joaqutn and
Sacramento.
Jules Hansen, an ex-sailor, but now a
volunteer soldier, made considerable trou
ble on the front yesterday. He raised a
disturbance at Main and Harrison, and
Special Officer Fitzgerald had a great
time In securing him. He finally got him
tied up with some hay rope, and sent
to the Harbor Receiving Hospital for the
ambulance. At the hospital Hansen ran
amuck as soon as his bonds were severed.
He seized a chair and began chasing Drs.
Hill, Green and Zabala around the operat
ing table. Finally one of the doctors
tripped the crazy follow up, and in a few
minutes he was strapped to a cot. All
that could be rot out of him was that
his name was Jules Hansen, and that he
was a soldier, but had been a sailor.
The United States steamer Albatross
Bailed for Guatemala at 2 p. m. yester
day. She Will StOP at Acapulco for (■..:■!
and will then hurry to San Jose. The
chances are that the rebellion in Guate
mala will be over by the time she reaches
Ban Jose. The departure Of the Alba- :
tross leaves Lieutenant J. 08. Gunn in
temporary command of the mosquito
fleet, and he is, in consequence, the proud
est man afloat. He will be relieved of his
authority when the gunboat Bennington
comes down from Mare Island.
Edith Quinn (or, Sadie Stanley), a col
ored woman, attempted to commit suicide
from the ferry steamer Piedmont yester
day morning. Charles Nelson, one of the
deckhands, saw her and frustrated the at
tempt. When the Piedmont landed her
passengers on this side Miss Quinn was
turned over to Sergeant Mahoney. who
took her to the Harbor Police station.
She promised Captain Dunleavy that she
would not again attempt to commit sui
cide, so he let her go, but told Officer
Charles Callahan to keep a lookout for
her. Soon after this Callahan saw her
at Clay-street wharf, getting ready to
jump into the bay again. He put her un
der arrest, and acting under instructions j
from Captain Dunleavy took her to the
new City Hall, where *he will be exam
ined by the Insanity Commissioners. Miss
Quinn has a brother working on the
steamer Newark.
Captain Tom Lockyer came back to San
Francisco from Seattle on the bark Ger
mania yesterday. Since he left here In
command of the steamer "Whltelaw, Tom ,
has been in a peck of trouble. He was
bound for Dyea and Skaguay with Klon
dikers, and the passengers rose in revolt
over the provisions, and mode him put I
into Port Angeles. There was more trou- '<
ble at Skaguay. and to crown all, the
"W'hitelaw caught fire and was burned to
the water's edge. Lockyer lost every
thing he had in the world in the blaze and
has been In hard luck ever since. Tom is
a first-class navigator and one of the best
known tugboat men in California. He has
a host of friends, and all of them sym
pathize with him in this ill turn of for
tune's wheel
CHAMPION SWIMMEES.
B. B. Cornell and Sid Cavill Will
Swim Their First Bace on
Sunday.
Next Sunday at Sutro Baths R. B. Cor
nell, champion rouKh water swimmer of
the Pacific Coast, and Sid CavlH, eham
plonswimmer of Australia, Will swim their
first race. It will be a 220-yard d;ush, with
two turns. Roth men have trained faith
fully and a Rood race is expected.
Following is a list of the other events:
ta-yard dash juvenile, novice— E. Hurlson, K.
iiaJsu-ud. w. Rice, A. Chaot, I>. Bandsom, A.
Atkins. H. Simeon, ti. Gtarr, R. Kenne, D.
Duke. W. Drake, J. Murphy.
f.O-yard clash, handicap, juvenile— H. Stark.
J Rosen W Comrtock, 11. Hul»'n. F. Wall,
<; Waters W. Smith. G. Walters. D. Dia
mond, A. AdaniM. It. SlmpktSß. H. llaywood.
Trick and fnn'-y diving, spring-board, open
to clasrcfl A and B A. RinfroM, v. A. S <•. ;
T Cooncr. N. S. S. C: V,. Shepherd, i. S. C. ;
K. <vr,n..l, N. H. B. «'. : A. Deloge A. S. C :
A Prappe, C. A. B. C: R. Lang. I. S. C: .T.
Ladd. S V. A. C.-.T). Carroll, .S. F. A. C. ; G.
1 Trfck arid' fancy .living, trapeze an.l elevated
platform— l>. Donovan, C. A. S. C.J O. I.ji
Coste C \ H. C: C. Kltter, I. h. C; N.
Piiik ' * B C.T O. Diamond. I. S. C : C. Con
rov A.' S. C.; O. na!lln K ton. I. S. C. ; R.
Rnl'ph. A. S. C: N*. Norrls. P. S. C.
i «■ -
More Smugglers Habeas Corpused.
Oeorge W. Thomas and George Wioli
man, of the Emerald ganp of opium smng-
Kicrs, petitioned fudge De Haven yester
day to be released on habeas corpus. They
we're sentenced to six yean' imprisonment
in the San yuentln penitentiary, and to be
perpetually Imprisoned sit the expiration
of that sentence if they failed to pay the
fine of $0000 ench. A writ waa Issued re
turnable to-day at 11 a. m. As the cases
are similar to thnt of Louis Ureenwald,
they will be released.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
C A Stowells. Arizona F A Seilser & w, Minn
J X Wall, Angels Mrs M E Chapln, Cal
J L King, Syracuse J W Cook, Cal
E J Mason, Boston C Maze Jr & t, Cal
G Lingo, Birds L.ig H A Hellbron Sacto
J Dodds. Berkeley Miss C Apperson, Dixn
C C Deneraia & \v, Cal A It Carruthers, Or
M A Norse, Cal H W Mathews, Eureka
.1 C Norse, Cal .1 Anderson, Sacto
M Besse, Santa Cruz A P BJpp, Marysvllle
J II Tregloan, Amador H C Nlemeyer, Cal
J R Trayner. MarysvllS li Bice, Uklah
\V N Noble. San Jose Mrs J X Race. X V
E A Moody, Gold Run j.T T Wall, Angels
A L Smith ■&•■«•, Reno Mrs J Batcher, Sacto
R F Crowell, Carson Mrs A P Booth, Sacto
A C Travis, Belmont ;W II Christmas, Cal
F Phiscator, Banda 'Miss Kaseburg. Sacto
J T Freeman, Ind IE T Clarke, Berkeley
I. L Crlttenden, Cal C M Hartley. Vacavllle
D J Bender, Los Ang Mrs C N Nelson, Sacto
L Silver & w, Cal i .1 M Marr, Boston
Miss E II Cox, Seattle C L Logan, Los Ang
.1 A Gowan & w, Cal W J Curtis, Cal
<; D Oliver, Carson M D Dudley, Los Anjr
J Pritchard & w. Sacto I Mrs E T Long, St Paul
PALACE HOTEL.
Or J J Miller. San Jose J S < 'ravens & w, Mo
T 3 Field, Monterey Miss Edwards, Mo
M J Farrell & \v, Cal B Gordon, Los Ang
C D Stevens, Boston F L Dutton, N V
F E Buckley it w, Cal A Lybrand. Delaware
C XV Rollins, Denver L J Fenton, Wlnchestr
A Rollins, Denver V II Jackson, N V
C I Tevls & w, Cal V.' J Younger & w. 111
A W More, T"sla II II Bulwer, England
A II Gay & w. I^a I Craig, Chicago
EC .1 Gay, T.a C II Palmer, Boston
J A Thompson, Mo Dr C T Poore. N V
W R Leonard, Idaho .1 B D Meeds, Los Ang
D S Grant Jr. Cal A a Carbo & w. N V
V Cox A w. Phoenix S N Rucker, San Jose
E Randolph & w, Ariz J II Morris, Portland
J A Gowan & w. Mcx Miss li Hlldreth, Cal
E S Morine, Irvlngton i
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J Darcourt, Sta Cruz P Metchsan & w. Or
H Darcourt. Sta Cruz Mips E Sweetser. Cal
Mrs Flangizar, Denver J D Pine. New York
J G "Williams. Sn Dieg E J Mar. New York
.1 Ginsberg, Sacto I D Starlker, N V
\V II Williams, Cal J L Balton, N 1
B Stern & w. N V J S Rice, Boston
H II Stone & W. Denvr W N Thompson, Phila
}i X Stanton. Portland R O Thompson Phlla
1! L Ford, D 8 N A B Carlton. Omaha
J c William?, Sn Jose I > H Davis, Omaha.
O W Wright. Oakland J N Jackson, Sit Lake
M ICuc-nstllnger, NY R C Bnttans. Sit Lake
V. II Mitchell & W. <"al B N Gallagher, Denvr
J T Last In. Stockton IJ S McDermott, Cal
E W Hale. Saeto I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C N Cecil & w. N V J D OFarrell. Victoria j
C w Brooke & w. Mass M I* Grant, Fresno
I R Bryant. Corning A F Sharp. Oakdale
T McCarthy & f. Sacto Moore. Modesto
F Treanor, Oakdale |F Evans, Illinois
J Nelson. Stockton |\V C King. Springfield
A M Shelton. Evanstn II McGlnnis Chlco
C L Martin, Petaluma |.T L Davis, Vlsalla
Mrs J C Mclntosh, Cal C Olsen, Reno
M Joyce Stockton .1 II Behan, Merced
Bret Harte begins a new story in
next Sunday's Call.
6AIN 1 RANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICIS of the San Francisco
j Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— « 7 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until S:3O o'clock.
?>~: Hayps street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
Ha Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2C26 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
NW. coiner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
6tn»-;s. open untr. 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K. T.
(Masonic Temple, Post and Montgom- *»gf*-
ery streets)— Regular assembly THIS [CTJ
(FRIDAY) EVENING at 7 o'clock. BUM
Order of Red Cross. All fraters are V
cordially invited.
SIR JOHN P. FRASER, Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder. |
YERBA BUENA Lodge of Perfection
No I— Regular meeting THIS (FRI-
DAY) EVENING, August 12. at 8 A
o'clock. D. 4. Jf&.
GEORGE .T. HOBE, Secretary. *££&£?
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
Pacific Undertakers will take place at the
oftioe of the company, 777 Mission street, San
Francisco, Cal., TUESDAY, August 23, 1898.
at 8 o'clock p. m., for the election of direc-
tors for the ensuing term and the transaction
of such other business as may come before
It. Transfer books will close Friday, August
19 IS9S, at 4 p. m. By order of the board
of directors. M. C. GORHAM, Secy.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process trom Sara E. Reamer, in the Pern-
berton Gravel mine near Forest Hill. Pla-
cer County, to deposit tailings In Baltimore
and Dardanelles canyons, and from Penrose
& Harker, in the Bull Run mine, near Relief
Hill, Nevada County, to deposit tailings in a
ravine below the mine, gives notice that a
meeting Will be held at room 59, Flood build-
ing, San Francisco, Cal., on August 22, IS3S.
at 1:30 p. m.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.i Aug. 11, 1898 The
undersigned has this day, June 21. disposed of
his Interest in the firm of BREDHOFF &
COURTIS and has no further- connection
therewith, and will not be responsible for any
debts of said firm. W. G. COURTIS.
ANY person having Morning Call -file of 1860-
62 or 1863 that contains a petition at Its
length over the signature of Peter T. Secu-
lovich to San Francisco Hoard of Supervisors
for a block of land No. 60. W. A., by pro--
ducing to htm the same or a certified copy, or
liny Information of the time, as two thou-
sand petitions followed it, or Its natural
ground and his occupation of it, or having
municipal reports of 1860-61-62-63 and 1867-68. or
knowing of one living. Mr. Carter, that owned
and kept a grocery store In 1860 on Filbert
st., betw-"»n Powell and Mason, will be rea-
sonably paid.
PETER T. SECULOVICH. 3241 Mission st.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery.
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns,- laces. ■ cur-
tains, bedspreads, calico, muslins, linings,
aprons, towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at
the Pioneer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 416 Montgomery st., room 6; tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $2 SO; whitened,' $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 3-13 3d.
DIVIDEND NOIiC_S.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 58 (50c per
share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market St., on and after Satur-
day. August 20, 1888.
Transfer books will close on Saturday, Au-
gust 13, 1898, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— KEMALK.
TWO sisters desire situations; one as first-class
cook ami second girl; best references; city or
country. MISS (MI, I. EX, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse; $10 to $15; reference.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Butter st.
COMPETENT second girl, best of reference,
desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutler st. ,
SITUATION wanted by a respectable • Ameri-
can young woman as nurse girl; children not
younger than 5 months old, or assist in light
housework where her mother can make a
home with her: wages $!> a month; references;
ferry fare to be returned. MISS C. MOSS,
Station B, East Oakland, ;
POSITION wanted as housekeeper or lady's
companion; not afraid of work; short dis-
tance In country preferred; good references.
Call or address 916 Fourth aye., Oakland.
REFINED young lady would like position as
companion", willing to travel with young or
old lady. Address or call 2711 Bryant St.,
near Twenty-sixth.
RELIABLE Protestant woman wishes a situa-
tion In a private American family to do cook-
ing and light housework. Apply 1024V4 Geary
st. no postals.
YOUNG Protestant woman wishes light house-
work; wages moderate; best of reference.
Please call 1005 Capp St., near Twenty-fifth.
AX-SWISS girl (good cook) wishes
situation as housekeeper In small family. 143
Third st. . ■
YOUNG woman wishes light housework; good
home; small salary: permanent place. 313
Leavenworth st.
COLORED girl wishes situation; general
housework, cooking or nurse girl; $15 to $20.
M., box 1822. Call. - ■ . .■ ■
WOMAN wishes place to do general house-
work; American family; country preferred.
1103 Powell st. ' . ■
SWEDISH girl wishes work: plain washing
and house-leaning or any kind of work by
the day- 1313 Fulton st. •
SITUATION by young girl as chambermaid or
sewing; no postals. 2917>4 Mission- st.
C.I ML wishes position to do general house-
work. Call or address 431 Clementina st.
YOUNG , woman would like housework by the
day; »i gcs $1 60 a day. Address 1574 Turk St.
SITUATION- as dishwasher or chambermaid.
Address 613 Eugene aye.. cor. Wool.
YOUNG girl wishes situation; lately from -trie
Bast; willing and obliging. Address r.'2-i Ellis.
CASHIER— Young lady wishes position as
cashier in store or restaurant; experience
both in cashing, and book-keeping. Address
CASHIER, box 8686. Call.
COMPETENT woman desires position to do
general . or laundry work; hotel or boarding
house; good references. 2759 Mission st. • ;
SITUATIONS WAlTED— Continued^
SITUATION as cook by woman with boy 19
years old; boy to work around place; can
take charge of small boarding-house; no ou-
Jectlons to country. 223 Potrero aye. bet.
Fifteenth and Sixteenth bts.
FIRST-CLASS Eastern dressmaker, formerly
with leading firm In New York, wishes sew-
ing by day or at rooms: ladles tailoring a
specialty. E. R.. 915 Polk st. |
SITUATION wanted by a competent colored
woman as Janltress in a building of offices,
best of city references. Address G. M. i*-.
box 281, Call office. *
RELIABLE woman, good cook and house-
keeper, withes work, any kind; day, week or
month. 123 Olive aye., bet. Polk and Van New.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation in
private family; good home more object man
wages. Address 331 Minna st. _____
REFINED German girl would like a position
as maid or nurse to one child. Address SbW>
Twenty-fourth st^ _j
GERMAN girl; general housework; good wages.
933 Halght st. .
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call, j
Subscriptions and ads taken.
_ ____-----—--- ___ — -— — ___^__?_; _"^^_ ?
SITUATIONS WAXTKD- MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY a CO., 640 Clay st.
MAN and wife want situations in country or
camp: both Al cooks: wife Al housekeeper:
man handy all around. Address F. G. T..
box 999, Call.
SITUATION by steady middle-aged man. take j
care private place; can drive and milk; low j
wages; references. Address A. M., box 523, [
Call office. I
WANTED— Position; first-class Chinese cook;
thoroughly experienced In French and Amer-
ican cooking; best of references. Apply AH
LEE, 236 O'Farrell st.
JAPANESE boy wants position of schoolboy ■
or half-day work. Address care Japanese
Mission. 1327 Pine st.
MAN wishes a situation as gardener In a pri-
vate' family; good references. Address 537
Sacramento st.
SITUATION by young man as waiter or kitch- 1
en worker. Addretts B. X., box 179, Cull.
AN experienced stock clerk desires to fill a va- ■
cancy in any official capacity In a commercial
bouse; recommendations from employers and
commercial houses; salary secondary consid-
eration. Any one desiring th<» services of !
such please communicate with W. DRUIIE,
5 Ninth st. • j-
THOROUGHLY trustworthy man wants situa-
tion as caretaker, watchman or any position ]
of trust; business experience; highest refer- 1
ences. Address B. R., box 1415, Call office.
MACHINIST and steam fitter, first-class all
around man, would like to get a position with
a mill or manufacturing establishment. Box
5555. Call office.
COACHMAN wants situation; single; thorough
horseman; understands fancy " gardening; 9
years' best references. Address M. A., box
136, Call office.
STEADY, reliable man wants situation with
private family; can milk, care for horses,
etc. ; best references. Address J. H., box
1313. Call office.
WANTED— Position by an aged German: un-
derstands how to make all kinds of liquors. C.
BOEHME, 1231 Mission
YOUNG man wants position In creamery; can
work up butter and egg route; best refer-
ences; steady position. Address 126 Liberty.
WANTED by a man speaking both German
and English, a position as driver and care of
horses. Box 1619, Call.
CHINESE cook wants situation In private
family; city only. CHUNG YEW, 31 Brenham
place.
WANTED— Situation as driver of milk wagon
by a good man. Call — - 'dress 326 Oak st.
JAPANESE, first-class laundry, wants r situ- j
ation; with reference. O. N.. 931 Sacramento. !
WANTED— Situation as gardener and man
about private place by a young man; Al
references. Address E. C, box 37, Oakland.
JAPANESE wants position; Is excellent worker
In laundry, and may wait on table. S. N., J
22 Prospect place.
YOUNG man wishes employment as book-
keeper or clerk; has experience, with refer-
ences. Address box 890. Call office.
CHINESE, very best first-class cook, meat and j
pastry, wishes position, hotel or boarding
house; satisfaction. CHARLEY FOOK, 900
Clay st. I
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar- '
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6 j
; week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. . ■
HELP WANTED- KEMAI.B.
LXuTTDßilOSSr'^srTTecc^^
housework girls, city and country, $20 and
■ $25; 8 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
TWO waitresses and chambermaids. $20 each.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, mining town, $30, only S men to cook
for. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
TWO girls, chamber work and wait, $20 each,
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
COOK, German style, $40. M^SS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. •
WAITRESS, $20, MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
COOK, ranch, $25; cook, Stockton, $30. MISS ;
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook, $30, Washington. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. '
SECOND work. San Rafael, $20; Alameda. $15.
. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, Crockett, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. ■
NURSE. $10; cook, boarding-house, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MOTHER and daughter, $40, as cook and sec-
ond girl. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
TWO cleaners. $18 per month. MISS CULLEN,
. 325 Suttcr st.
CHAMBERMAID. $15 per month. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
COLORED cook, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st. " .
REFINED German second girl, $20; easy place.
MISS CUI-LGN, 325 Sutter St.
COLORED cook, $30. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sut-
ter st. _^
SECOND girl. Berkeley, $20. MISS CULLEN,
"" 31$ Sutter st.
i~~H II \NSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.. want to-
da\ : -"taltresß. Fresno. $25; waitress. Napa.
»20- waitress Santa Cruz. $20; 2 waitresses,
Sty $»>: chambermaid to wait country. $20;
1 waitresses, small hotel, Oakland, $15. C.
K. HANSEN & CO., 101 Geary st.
iivTvcY~Troner, hotel laundry. $30 and board;
fanes lroner. French laundry. $30 and found.
C. R. IIANSENJ^CO., 104 Geary st.
c 1' HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St., want to-!
day-2 German family cooks. $25; houaeglrl
„.»,« vnilerstands German cooking, $25; Irish '
girl 2"n famUy. choice place $20: housegirl |
* in family $20; 25 honseglrls for city and
country. NT $20. $25. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.,
104 Geary st ___ ;
FOR country Protestant cook, 3 in family.
$-5 Bee lady here at 9 to-day: girls for house-
work Santa Rosa, $25; San Jose. $20; Aja-
___- $»" Palo Alto. $20: Mill Valley. $25:
Santa Clara. $20: 2 waitresses, same hotel.
120 see party here at 10 to-day; colored girl,
*•>','• cook boarding house, $25; chambermaid,
$15.' 3. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Suiter gt.
10 WAITRESSES, hotels and restaurants, $20.
$ r and $7 week; 3 German and Irish second
ctrls $20- German nurse, $20; 5 cooks, German
Style J25: German. girl for housework. 3 In
fa-ntiy $25; and a large number of girls to
fill our numerous situations. J. F. CROSETT
_ CO., TIG Sutter St.
YOUNG lady as clerk In store, $4 week and ln-
rrf . « e - girl for chamberwork and waiting,
country. $15: fare paid. MURRAY _ READY.
634 and 636 Clay st. * j
NEAT girl or woman, housework and cooking,
no washing; small American family: San Ra-
fael- 120; see party here. MURRAY &
READY. 834 and 636 Clay ?t.
WANTED — Young lady not under 18 . years of
age for office in wholesale house In city; sal-
ary $4 per week to start. W. D. EWER _
CO., 626 Clay st. •
WORK for women and girls. Apply at KING-
MORSE CANNING CO., northwest corner
Broadway and Banaome st.
WANTED — Operators on flannel overshlrts: a
few inexperienced hands taken and taught. I
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36>_ Fremont st.
WANTED— Middle-aged woman for a house-
• keeper for a widower with 2 children. Apply
at 73% Boyce St., off Point Lobos aye.
CHAMBERMAID, no watting. IIS; girl for
housework, no washing, plain, cooking, $20. 631
Larkln st.
WOMEN to wash napkins for small restaurant.
- Call 47 Stockton St.. Orpheum Cafe.
GIRL wanted, assist housework; wages $S a
month. 426V4 Grove st.
GIRL for light housework. 2728 Folsom Bt.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In light house-
work. 111S Shot well st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker to take charge of
; workroom. 320 Hayes st.
NEAT young girl, assist with housework, for
good home. ISSB Fulton st.
WANTED— . cook and laundress: German
preferred ; wages $25. Apply 926 Grove St.,
bet. 10 a. m. and 4 p. m.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WOMEN and girls; steady work on fruit and
canning. Californlan Canneries Co., Ltd..
Brannan St., bet. Third and Fourth.
WOMEN and girls to work- on fruit. Apply
CODE PORTWOOD CANNING CO.. Tenth
and Bryant sts.
~ "
• —
WANTED— and girls to work on fruit,
at Cutting Fruit Packing Company. 1150 Har-
rison st.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
»E;«'i seen £
Mlsison st. .
prepossessing young lady with some
knowledge of hair business. 24 Geary at.
GOOD operators on waiters' coats and aprons;
stead, 'v.:.rk. POWER. « Clay; upstairs. _
EXPERIENCED Ironers at Empire Laundry.
7:5 Brj-ant st. - -
WANTED-Youn* girl to do light housework.
1220 Filbert st. | -
coats. Campbell. Cal. %Z
COATS. Campbell, Cal. .
MIDDLE-AGED woman; light housework In
small family; wases -:•■ I^^^^_fL_?l__f:
i Sg-grf-_g _s^_i_ "IT
_g3'^_e°««ak _ _g ; _i^&a
WANTED — A first-class lroner on ladles'
clothes. 10 Oak st. .
TAILORING and dressmaking thoroughly
ta_ghV at MISTER'S, US McAllister st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; K8'"??"K 8 '"??"
free; patterns 25c up. McDowell s. 103 Post.
LAWRENCE DreaacHttlng School. 1079 Market
et.: perfect fit: no trying on: trlnl free.
UKlil* WAM'BD-MAIiE.
; CTi^RA i Y^R^EA_VYT??rrMTICR^Y^fe READY
KmpUyment r and Labor Agents. -
r_&mfe#j3__!
_S_S!l&;s____^^ I____S1 ____S
S3 woodchbppera •• 9b llemMB1!1
500 men for Arlzona :::::::::::.'-'i25 > and 'found
I chorernln'for-ranches $15 "d 110 and found
5 _£?££ oorwo 0r wo a ar/u a Ta> 6» Clay at.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 63b -lay st.
setc..5 etc.. cheap railroad rates, only ° °. fflce t fe^
etc.. cheap railroad rates; only 50c of flee 1 fee.
»y 6 1 !- n£AD UU Y Ur & ana' A
Clay st. -
25 FRUIT Dickers men or strong boys, $23 and
found. ia?e $1 50: 5 fruit pickers for .Sonoma
County; 10 prunern for a large orchard $*0
and found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 638
Clay st.
$2 50 A DAY, common laborers from $2 50 a
? day. for great mines, special reduced rail-
road rates: board, etc. only cost -0 cents .
dally. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Cla>.
TO CUT 8RU5H........ ...-TO CLEAR LAND.
To do any other class of work a large San
Francisco company wants done on a. large
parcel of ground in the country, fare ..0 cents.
wages $30 per month and found; no experience
required: Just 25 men wanted here. JM.UI.-
RAY _ READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOKS JUST L00K. . . .... . ..'._. .C00KS
27 cooks for different places. $66, J- r >.>. **■'■ WO
and $25 and found, for hotelfi, boarding-
houses, restaurants, ranches, camps, etc-
Just come and see us, we can put you to
work. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
WAITERS... AND DISHWASHERS
9 waiters $25 and $20 and found
14 dishwashers $20 and $15 and found
MURRAY ft READY, 634 and KM Clay st.
PORTERS... FOR HOTELS, ETC PORTERS
3 porters, different country hotels, $25 and $20
and found; 2 bed-makers, city an.i country.-
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
FARE PAID
12 laundrymen for all kinds of places, $40. $35,
$25 and $20 and found; polishers, Ironers,
washers, etc. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
BUTCHER, country shop 2 TAILORS
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
SHOEMAKER. RANCH BLACKSMITH
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
SECOND cook for an Institution, $25 to $30 and
found. Including washing. MURRAY _
READY. 634 and 630 Clay st.
MAN to make a few beds and do a little plain
washing for hotel. $25 and found. MURRAY
_ READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
8 MORE teamsters for the coast road to go this
morning free fare, call at 7 o'clock with
blankets ready to go, free fare. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FOR British Columbia new railroads
- 1000 laborers at $2 a day and up, long Job; we
want S more men to fill up the gang starting
Sunday August 14. special rate of fare. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FO Alaska Skaguay railroad
100- more laborers and rockmen. 30c an hour;
fare $22 50 includes berth, meals and office
fee, steamer sails August 14. C. R. HANSEN
_ CO., 104 Geary st. " -■'.-:_;
3 TUNNELMEN, $2 50 a day; chute builder,
$50 and board: rough carpenter. $30 and
board. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
3 RANCH HANDS, $1 a day and board, see
boss here: 2 scraper teamsters, near city. $1
a day and board; 2 farmers, $20. C. R. lI AN-
BEN & CO., 104 Geary st. r -"
MAN about place, see party here, $25. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
SECOND cook, $60; second, $50; cook, small
country hotel. $40 to $50; small resort. $35; fry
cook. $40: third cook, plain hotel, $25; third
cook. $40: short order cook, $8 a week; pot-
washer. $25; dishwasher, $6 a week and $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MARKER and distributor, $35 and found;
lroner, $35 and found; polisher, $40. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED — American steward for Institution.
$35; first-class restaurant cook, $16 week;
cook for Nevada, $10 and Increase, fare paid;
second cook for institution. $30; hotel cook,
$40; hotel waiter, $30, and others. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT ft CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 2 miners, $2 60 a day; laborers, mill
yard, $1 75 a day and $30 and board ; chore-
man, private family, $20; blacksmith, $35;
blacksmith's helper, $1 a day and found;
farmers, and others. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Neat barkeeper for city; $35 to $40 .
and board. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED— Coachman for gentleman's place,
short distance In country, $30 per month;
molder for foundry in city, good place: 2
machinists for city: farmers, milkers, cooks,
■ waiters dishwashers and others. \\ . D.
EWER ft CO.. 626 Clay st.
WANTED— Second cook, hotel, $60: second
cook, restaurant, $65; shirt ironer. $35: plain
lroner. $25; apprentice for laundry. $15: but-
ler. $40: Indoor servant, IB; etc. ANDRES,
816 Stockton st.
COOK country hotel. $50; 3 bojs to pick fruit,
$15 and board: 10 ax men to make ties and
laggings: 10 wood choppers, 4-foot pine, $1 a
cord: boarding-house waiter, $25. R. T.
WARD & CO., 608 and 610 Clay St. _____
BUTLER, $30. MISS CUT.T.EN. 325 Sutter st.
CARPENTERS wanted— Ten first-class ftnish-
'ers short distance in country- Apply to R.
}'. HURLBUT. 1008 Call building, this Fri-
day, between 12 and 3 p. m.
BOY wanted, age 14 to 16 years; must come
well recommended- steady place. Apply bet.
in and 12 a. m .. SCHOENFELD'S, Market
et.. opposite Seventh. "
BOY in temperance grocery: counter and de-
livery work: state experience and salary. Box
"333. C_ll office.
EXPERIENCED young man who understands
moat cutting; reference required. Apply ISOS
Halghtjit. '
ENERGETIC ad and Job canvasser for estab-
lished weekly paper; entire charge. Box 838,
Call office.
STEADY man to, assist In genteel business;
must have some cash and be satisfied with
$1C per week. RAND ft CO.. 917 Market st.
BARBKS for Saturday afternoon or Saturday
and Sunday. 507 Castro St., cjor. Eighteenth.
BARBER, young- man preferred; steady Job.
Cor. San Jose aye. and -/Thirtieth st.
STRONG attendant for Invalid: mention ref-
erences. A., box 390, Call office.
STEADY position for loan of $200. Box E. E.,
Call office. ■
THREE young men of good address. 342 Post
street. ■ >
WANTED — Young experienced grocery clerk.
437 Fourth st.
WANTED— Live energetic man. Apply 21S Mc-
Allister St., at once.
WANTED— Your.c dishwasher for help In the
kitchen. Sl2 Larkln St. -
MAN for nursery work and gardening. Call at
500 Halght st.
AN . EXPERIENCED wire worker at 751 Mis-
' sion st.", ■" :'•;■ .HELP WANTED— Contlnned.
" ,-" BREAI-).' l/dker foreman wanted; small place;
 .. wage $po. ahd board. Call 433 Bush st.
'. BIOY-..t0 -.-work' In bakery. Clarke's Bakery, 612
; •'" 'K.'ur.r.y st., call early.
■.'. B—CJitllTS wanted for the United States ma-
•■■- rirt..'-' ' United States navy; able-bodied,
"';:" '; : rimarrled men, between the ages of 21 and
-."■- -Sci y(>afs. ' who are citizens of the United
. .'-States., or those who have legally declared
",: . •■tht^r : lntention to become such; must be cf
■•• =RpOi"; ..character and habits and able to speak,
■•.. . ..rea-J. _wi write English, and be between 5
.; . •:<e?t.s..:ine"hes and 6 feet In height. For further
..-:... •.!•>; ; urination apply at the recruiting office. 20
•-■■ -ElUB : st.... San Francisco. Cal.
■•."■• 50oi XIEX for B. C, $2 per day and up; fare
.:•;. -advanced- from Victoria to works; leave Sun-
"• ,_■• ;;A.pply Employment Office. 1023 Market.
('":_.QB_BV "Steady man. bet« 40 and £0 years
-••:.':°? a^'" ta act as nurse and companion for old
.'•.■-•■ tßvaird gentleman, B. li., box 129 Call office.
:• "■t^l'lors-rCoatmakers wanted. Apply at
■• .:'U • is-. 'nv at the Stevenson-st. entrance.
;.~, ..CHiVRLE-S LYONS, 721 Market st.
'.< i.'Ai.;. miners who have -worked In pitch vein
■.:.:■- : w. a -m~.d;.-. to TESLA COAL CO., room
•-.- -.•■*;IS.VS2S-.McUtgumery st.
." :BOOKi;tNi)ER wanted. MYSELL-ROLLINsi
" . • It ."Clay/ st:
• : .." vv > T AX'tE-I>^-Laborer3 and mechanics to know
■••.-.■ thai-Ed Ko'.kin. Reno House proprietor, still
,■"••; rutis-.. ; Denver House. 217 Third st. 150 large
;-;._>'jfiij; -gs c ; p Or night; $1 to $3 per week.
..-IF ".you/ have 15 call £9 Grant aye., learn to
• . : i_ l *_| s -He~sio- "a lay.
:..- COp.K.-jcanted for English ship. Apply at once
.:■■ ;to- i Vy. : IH.HE.RSIAN. 26 Steuart st.
." .^GO'i"o'-j23.. ijra"nt aye., room 24, and learn how
■_.'■ • .|.ta rc>aK»» $10 a day.
■'A[N"Vqsy-- thing to make $10 a day. 29 Grant
'. .avfti.-fooln 24.
■■. "jS-EVKRA-L- ' hounds broken for deer hunting.
■■-." -."Address;. -box 14, Call office.
.■ ' pIXRt3SH& 'Prog-ressive Union; free employ-,
_ ;•■ .-ijt't. H.;OeTr.ard.' Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164. ]
•■••RAIVBKRis'-- Ass'n Fr?e Employm't Office. S.
..: : TUXitJS, .Sec. 'B2s Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
; • ■. '"■ ■At Montana House, 784^ Mission
- V -stu-'-n^en. to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
; ■ : -;njgtit;6'Jc. .90c and $1 per. week.
' ■:'■.*:••-. ■•••.! barber trade in 8 weeks. San
• ..-.■ Kra-ricisc'il. -Barber College, 13S^ Eighth st:
■• 'SAr_OßSr".and.' ordinary seamen wanted at
/. • -l-iA-XKyV 5U4 .Davis St., near Jackson. . '
•'. JjfeXrS" "fine calf shoes to order. $2 50: men's
••■ /ys'ollijgySKci.o.rtly one price. 959 Howard st.
• NQlJE'^rrpished, fine, large, sunny and airy
• Vr.roc— (V.2sc -llight. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
■ -.:i:'EY.: : A?Vne-:"House,. 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
}.;.■■ ■Vfj.ir. a..- rjwr>.i-| 2°<l. a night; $1 a week.
■ ..'M'KsftKXV-To collect wages due laborers and
/•'VcierXs. -lynox. Oof lection Agency. 110 Sutter at.
■ -.•:.■-■-- I'rto. and !5c nlgrht: 7,"c nd $1
•■•.. '.■-.■fe.h.'-;...LlnJell Use, Sixth and Howard sts.
V;-\yi'N.'<.7J\{-f-tKTI;:R HOUHE, 44 Third St.. near
... rooms, 2Se night: reading-room;
;'.- y fri-gh.'.bug-.anilhhpKage to and from the ferry.
y T" ■ y FURNITURE WASTED.
.'-.OAPl; i;.'f'?v 'ftxtiirfs. groceries, furniture, mer- |
'■ -:"=■.•.'.-.■.': on' commission; reasonable. E.
.-.•■■ ■■■■■.- 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904. j
.-',JJ- : •I'-':Vl'sl..-"buys furniture and general mer-
.:. ' = : .- .-. '■ .:-;;'•.';;•' :1: 1- -.'.7 Market st.; tel. Jessie 32. •
.' .-;-. v;;. }:■':;■ : ..HOUSES WANTED.
:'• jCli""Ti-sh^tfsiS:.. large prounds: as care. taker pay
.-. ■•y'-tvnt.:.'rt'fw.'nre v 80x .341. Call office. Oakland.
' •""••;'."•■ **:':-•.? - /FLATS WAXTKD.
'•' WiANTFTrV-FVat of 4 rooms and bath; not to |
V ..".V.V'*!?fl .31?. MV A., box 240. Call office.
..' ;• : iit>x>>is axd board av anted.
v;..^V'AN.i--K;T>— Room and board for man and two
: .- ' ■ ••f.'jrt*] [• H+r*"'6 and 9 respectively; middle-aged
... ■ '.-iatH'-'f-ireferivd, permanently settled; no other
:.". U«i l iM,e'rs;. tryst '* moderate; state term.-) and
• .•lo_tUo».._n.d full p-artlculars. Address box
>."••• --LX..'- .CfJl-Vomca;
""•\*<'A"sT-*siy^-lina_ and" lodging in refined house;
*.- . /•. '.'-..' *j~>or $!>» monthly." Box fr>6. Call.
... X-v \\ jl yn-:u- MISCELLANEOUS.
, ""•PHOi'pGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa- :
".." ; . -.; Kat^i-i. ; .se'cf'rid.'hand. 108 Montgomery st.
•..>.';.'••'..■••. MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
" A.-- «--" ar# selling good upright pianos for $6
. '. ■' . . •"'. a-nd--$6 per month, we ask you to invostl-
■.•".e---.:' '.approve this method; prices are the
;: ■■■'';■ If ■"purchased for all cash; bargains j
': " .in gbori isecond-huml uprtebts upon same easy
•".' '-jayrHentK and som« g--oil ijianos for J3, $4 and
■ •'■ .f. ".,£;• VniQrith. " SHERMAN. CLAY _ CO.,
•.' ...■Stfti'AlV.sy. dealers, corner Kearny and Sutler
\\ '■ vtri^.-S&ri -Francisco, and Thirteenth and
■"-■*" sfr<_'a' : J.wav.' (iiik'and.
• iiB?&;_iX'TE.LY the ol.'.est and largest house
•."';:>y«.i:.o-f- «. : h"lca^o is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
• "■:-2-6. "2.S'-ard-3y Q'FarTell at. Pianos, organs and ■
'.•"• '■'•till: V>tKer-piusl'cal in.otrurr.er.ts of all grades
' • • .'ind".pi^ces; terms f-a?y: pricea lowest; every-
.'.-.■;■■ possible- done to please and satisfy the
-.'" ■.ouHfonref. •
'Marshall & wendei_,'{ $75; <:. i_h,
; ' 31Q0V nra.vrJury. 1130: Neuinan, $145; Sterling, I
■.-:.s;■■■'.;.•'! 118 guaranteed: easy payments.
:'.'■■ & BON, Chick«ring agents,
■■■' .-' Q'.^Srrell ft.
•W-E'fiiylterrltfcal examj nation: new store, new
. :-. foods'... CLARK WISE & CO., 41 Ceary St.,
•' .-. ... v iv->.-'(.;ra!!T aye.; Oonnover agents.
:''SGHX"ER.& CO., Byron Uauzy, Newby, Evans.
:-. %: j Br.igKtv nr.l other piantH?; p«^ our rent plan;
• •- nb tntwsst first year. SOS, 310, 312 Post st.
" ' .F-INEVirpright for $150; come early if you want
.-'•. ;t« F<v'ure-a bargain. THE ZEN'O MAUVAIS
;•.•; MUHIf'VCO.. 76i Market St.
.'• :A— s«'d< UPRIGHT: J5 installments; other cheap
' ; ."pianos.:- 216 McAllister st.
ELEGANT- new pianos for rent, $2 50 month
. ."'SCe-Tf ■ LTtTAZ PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
.'Special- sal* of tiianos; wholesale prices~to
.-. »ii. :; ' . C. Hamilton, 324 Post ut.
'•••'AD'.', smallest; price lowest: uprightE, $75 up;
i . rents",. ;s2 -up. HEINE, 136 Elll« st.
.■:A : Ci<56iS upright very cheap. 1C McAlllater at".
;•-; :-nexf:H"ibernia Bank. BCHMITZ.
"' KXAJ')': .pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
'■"■ LEft & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
' -.SUPERIOR violins, zithers," old and new. h" |
". . M^ILLK'R; maker, repairer, 2 Latham •.■lac*-.
'; 'T^ FOR .SALi — MISCELLANEOUS.
■ BOILERS;: engines, . 2d-hand machinery. M -
- ..•TNTQSH"_ WOLPM AN. 195-197 Fremont »t.
■ •_lGH.T'"hor»e-powcr engine and bolter; cheap;
'•;'. now"; running. 426 Ninth st.
■ : BA'fjS; "back tars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
■.'■' -ters; UnQleum, office furniture, store and ;
:' ••ViTflce ••rurliiture and fixtures; new and sec- I
. : . ond... hUmi: J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 1
■■'■^Mission st., above Sixth.
■'. -A ' FlNE '.thing for a present; full line of
. ■■• graph-, $10 each and upward. PIERCE
>•.••.& COY 313- Emporium building.
.". i?EARLY.iiew Dr. Sanden electric belt for sale
.". ! cheap... A., box 60, Call office.
1 -.-■NEW""- 16-foot oak bar and back bar. A.
*-.-. STRAND. 518 Hush st.
;. •"NlCE""yoang fresh family cow for sale. Apply
.. '. at T-wepty-flfth Ft. and San Bruno aye.
•' BECOKD-MAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
-.. g-ines,' »ioller«, dynamos, etc. 816 Mission st.
• . >\'<->c.HAT'H.s, $20; record*, $5 per dozen;
• ' : prolefctoscope, $100. Baclgalupl, 938-946 Market.
. .J . R.'POOjy, houtn mover, dealer second-hand
■ building "material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
■ KAFES-^Bargains In new and second-hand; all
• '-, .nlire^'f.haif- origlnaj cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
"BARS, "show cgees. counters, shelving, etc.,
' '.' Ixitipht arid -sold, KC3 Mission m... nr. Seventh.
' ■■.-.. . WING MACHINES.
: :AUf r/MA'TIC, Domestic, Singer and White
'^-■ ; .Cheap;' ..repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
.-• MONTHLY, <■■■■• :; repaired, bought, so^d;
•-• mactilha ■ i lies. 145 .Sixth; phone Mint 45.
;a_L Kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
. .- repaJrin;!? at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
':"•"■ '.• :. • CARPET CLEANING.
.CITT Bteam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
..-moves, Jayi carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mjjr.,
; ■ "38 ai^r 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250.
" \V.H:_N you become disgusted with poor work
- •■. H.end to. BPAULUING'B Pioneer Carpet-
I"".; beating -Works, 353-57 Tehama fit.; tel. S. 40.
' 'a.dVaN'CE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
<: tel Main. 394. GEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor.
~ "Z'McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-cleaning Co., 453
;• ■ Stevenson St.; tel, South 22 V : lowest rates.
' '-CARP.ETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c.
.BTRATTON, 3 eighth hi.; tel. Jessie 844.
" J: T E. ITCHELL Carpel cleaning Co., 240 14th
.' . :?t.;- cleaning * yard; tel. Mission 74.
- CONKLIN'S Carpet-heating Works, m Golden
.'•■', aye.; tel. East 126. vf
~ ? T~: TYPEWRITERS.
. '.-ALL" typewrltters sold and rented; few partly
• .used for sale cheap; send for samples and
-, -"pricesV. -ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
'• NEW Hammond, $35: Callgraph, $_; Yost, $26;
■ ■ gef/ Tuple, work. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery. .
. .___ ___ STORAGE. ■ ■'■'.
: FIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
: Office Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
• '.FL'RNrrURE. trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
• '• a_"e" Warehouse, 840 Mission st.; tel. Mint 1821.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
■ PARTNER wanted In w. -11 -paying: res-
taurant; centrally located; owner tired of un-
reliable help; trial' given to suitable party.
Apply M. LESS, 765 Market St.. opposite Phe-
lan building.
$350— CIGAR stand,, laundry office; north of
Market; fine fixtures, clean, Block.; a snap;
owner has other business. .M. LESS, 765
- Market st,, opposite l'helan building.
FIRST-CLASS corner saloon; billiards,, pool.
side rooms; central; must sell this week;
$200. M. LESS, 765 Market, qpp. Phelan bldg.
$200— FRUIT and vegetable store ; north of Mar-
ket; horse and wagon;.,. .living-rooms; rent
cheap; good- living; present owner there C
years; must be sold at once; owner going
away. M. LESS, 765 Market St., opposite
Phelan building. .
$500— COUNTRY saloon In liveliest town near
city; positively best location there; must sell
on account of sickness. Apply M. LESS. 765
Market st. • . -
SALOON In very best location; close to
theaters, hotels and newspaper offices; a good
class of trade and excellent paying; rent $50.
Particulars WILKE, 783 Market at. ; -new
number, 845.
CORNER grocery and bar on Larkln st. ;
established many years; known as a leading
and money-making place: must be sold at
once on account of other business Investment
of owner. Particulars WILKE, 783 Mi Mar-
ket St.; new number 845. ■
$300— SALOON on Third St.. 2 blocks from Call
office; stock worth the money; great sacrifice
account sickness of proprietor. See WILKE,
845 Market st. -
A— s2soo; CORNER saloon, doing a rushing and
first-class paying business; very best down-
• town location; building, including- long ground
lease; owner has another place: must sacri-
fice. Particulars WILKE, 846 Market st.
$550— CORNER grocery, bar. living rooms: In-
voice $600; don't miss this. KREDO & CO.
$275— CANDY and Ice cream; $8 dally; fine liv-
ing rooms, a snap. KREDO A CO..KH Qeary
$750— MEAT market; wholesale bill $3000
monthly; all cash custom. KREDO & CO.,
•iV-i Geary st. __________
$300— LAUNDRY route clears $25 per week;
good horse and wagon. KREDO & C 0... 22M.
Geary. ____^_. :
$450— CORNER, saloon; old established busi-
ness; on one of the principal, business streets
-.vith family rooms and side entrance; this an
exceptional bargain on account of disagree-
ment of partners. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777
Market st. ■
A— GOOD-PAYING con grocery and bar;
$750. ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market st.
A— DELICACY store; 2 rooms; rent $12; good
corner. ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market st. ■
HIGHEST ca!«h prices paid for restaurants,
saloons, fixtures, grocery stocks: quick sales.
STENBERG & CO.. Wjk Kearny st.
$250 — CORNER , saloon on leading business
street; 4 living rooms; rent $20. . Particulars
City Agency (JONES & BEARLD.B6S Market.
CIGAR, and notion store rooms; -chance for
man and wife; >-ll or exchange for horse
and wagon; part cash. RAND. 917 Market.
$300— PARTNER wanted, light business; $18 to
$25 a week each; no experience required; trial
■ given, -Apply 10 to 12. 9 Geary st-, room 2. ,
$2, .OO— PARTNER wanted for good country
store averaging $1100 monthly sales; nearly
all cash with opportunity to increase; good
healthy location. S. !■:., boa 140, Call.
EXTRA chance for a good fruitman in a well-
located market where stall Is all In order.
Call at 706 Ivy aye. at 9 a. m. or 6 p. m. ; also
pork stall. (''HAS. ALPERS.
CORNER saloon sacrificed on account of Bick-
ness; large stock: elegant fixtures; good
trade. Owner. Eighth ami Alice Ms., Oakland.
FOR sale— Barber- shop; 2 .'hairs; easy terms;
beautiful climate. American Barber Shop,
. San Luis Oblspo, CaT
$SOO— GROCERY-: bar; fixtures; 4 rooms furni-
ture for sale; fine corner. Address C. (1 . box
70, Call.
$10 EACH— A few choice California mining
claims for sale this week. Box 2."d. Call.
CIGAR st re. cor. Silver and Third; account
of leaving city. Inquire 434 V. Third st.
WELL-ESTABLISHED collection agency In
S. F. for sale; owner retiring.. Box 7335. Call.
$250 — HOME bakery; sickness cause of selling;
dally receipts $10- to $15. Adi- box *.vS, Call.
CHANCE of a lifetime— A man with mine;.' to
manufacture a money-making, first-cU** pat-
ent can be made here or In th« K.i*t. nnd
will give large returns on th- Investment,
either cash or property taken as i>art parr '
ment. Any one desiring to enter business in
the East or In this State will do well to in-
vestigate.' Address box C.0.05, .Call.
FOR SALE— A good paying lodging-house and
saloon; established" over 2" years; ail newly'
renovated; 22 rooms; steady-lodgers In house;
rent $40. inquire 409 Pacific st. . .
fISOO — FINE bar. and 40 furnished, rooms occu-
pled; best on water front: no agent. X. A.,
box 2. Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale: 783 Mission st.. near
Fourth: receipts from $35 to $40 per day; good
chance for buyer.
PARTNER wanted In a centrally located s-
chair barbershop; Investment $100. S.. box
137, Call.
f2OO— POULTRY, and fruit ranch near Oakland.
LOWRY & OWENS. Fruitvale Station.
BARBER shop, with baths, In lively country
town, for sale. Inquire 504 Battery st
WANTED— Barber shop, city or country, with
Mving rooms; state price. Box 1777, Call.
FOR SALE cheap— A good, paying barbershop
in town 1000 Inhabitants. Address, P. FILIP-
PO, Callstoga. "• ■__ '- ■
CHICKEN ranch for sale, cheap. Call at 916
Howard st., . rooms 8 and. I. . %
SOBER, steady plumber and tinsmith can take
long-used shop In center, of town St. Helena;
German preferred; rent $10 month. Address
ROSSI & ANDERSON. St. Helena^
OLD established picnic place; good business;
a bargain ', acre of ground; horse, buggy and
cart; milch cows; splendid 6-room.house with
bath; stable and barn. Apply 29 Third st.
$600— SALOON In good location; must be sold
at once on account of sickness; trial given.
Inquire at C. R. THRANE, 10 Seventh st.
OLD established bakery in country for sale;
proprietor has another business on hand. Ad-
dress P. O. box 94. Naps* Cal. ''
BAKERY; 7 barrels flour sold over the coun-
ter; cheap. 40 Ran Pablo aye., Oakland^ I
$1100— CORNER grocery and saloon ' for sale.
Box 431, Call office. . ' *-
FOR SALE— Fine restaurant; good location;
fine business; Investigate; account of slck-
nesß. Inquire 216 East Main St.. Stockton.
$500— BOARDING house with. 11 furnished
rooms; IS regular boarder*; trial before buy-
Ing. Address M. J., box 4, Call office, Oakland. .
GOOD harness business for sale; work enough
for two men; thorough Investigation given;
S reduce stock if necessary. 621 E 12th. Oakland.
$300— MILK route for sale. Address P. O. box
ISI. Santa Rosa. Cal. • .
OUTSIDE city paper route (Call). Apply 3164
Twenty-fourth st.
TO PRINTERS CompleU Job office in Oak-
land; cheap for cash. D.. box 1, Call, Oakland,
FOR sale— Call route at San Jose. For par»
ticulari apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea rout** supplied from OEO.
W. CASWELL A CO.'B, 416 Sacramento st,
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
KREDO & CO ..23V4'Geary t.
Money to loan at low Interest....
105 rooms; best paying in city $4200
■ 53 rooms; 30 bay-windows 1600
48 rooms; best on Geary. : 2000
38 rooms; corner: doctor pays rent....'. .'900
84 rpoms; fine corner; half cash 2000
23 rooms; clears $75 a month $560
20 rooms; two entrances; Market 300
19 rooms; corner; best transient 1100
11 rooms; Geary; doctor pays rent -. 6&0
9 rooms; also 8 room's; bargains .... 225
Others too numerous to mention. KREDO _ CO.
A— Bo ROOMS; clean $1257!........ : $1200
33 rooms; north of Market at.; fine...." 1900
31 rooms; -transient; Market st "' :. ■ 950
15 rooms; select; transient corner!!!!'.!'.!! 300
14 rooms; fine house; Income $50 clear.. . 900
40 rooms; elegant; part cash; a snap .
60 rooms; part cash; transient 1450
. -5 rooms; beautiful home! Bee It .. 250
18 rooms; Market St.; clears $300; choatj*"' 860
, ROGERS & HYDE, 120 C Market 2t V CL. W
ROGERS, formerly clerk for H, c. Decker,) '
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., ops Fifth""
6-room flat; central ',. IJSO
10 rooms; corner; very good . : """ jgg
24 rooms: sunny corner; clears $100 " 600
68 rooms; corner; clears $2£o "* 2200
100 others; 2 to 300 rooms; prices $100 to ' 8000
H. c. PECKER, 1020 Market .^Topp. FlfthT
DOWNTOWN ISO-room hotel, compleTely fur-
nlßhed; paying $300 per month profit; to close
. an estate: will sell for $2500, A. M. SPECK
' & CO., 602 Marke.t bt. • . •
ROOMS, new furniture. 13 and 15% Powell
st:. opposite Baldwin Hotel. For terms, etc.
apply on premises or A. M. SPECK & CO
602 Market >-t. '
FURNITURE FOR SALE."
GOOD bed lounge for Ba4e very cheap. 358
Linden five. v
~~ .v-- LOST. ..'..'. ~ "
LOST— A passbook- with the Hlbernla .Sav-
ings and Loan floeli»!y of Sari Francisco. In
the name of ROSE RYDEN, No. 201-1063.
The finder will please return- to bank. ..
.. PHYSICIANS. ~
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1208 Market; diseases of women a specialty. :
THE SAJS FK AN CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 12, IS9B.
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE, 729 Ivy aye.— rooms and bath: in fine
, order; rent reasonable. . Apply MADISON &
BURKE. ;-
DEVISADERO,. 723, neat Fulton— B. rooms and
: bath; very sunny; three car lines; $27 50. ■
FURNITURE of beautiful 20-room house on
1 Van Ness, near Ellis; bargain for cash; mod-
ern house; or will rent. SOS Van Ness aye. ,
HOUSE, 2645 Sacramento St., near Stelner—
rooms, bath, laundry; $27 50; Including water.
O'FARRELL. 1456 and 1458— Sunny Bide; 7 rooms
and bath; rent $30; key at 1454. ■
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery at. '•'■'■-' ■ • •
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
FURNISHED 8-roorn modern house; $40; adults
only. Call 112 Scott st.
$15— Fl"HNlSH!-:!> cottage 4 rooms and bnth;
yard, basement. 3822 Nineteenth st. I MB-
BEN & CO.. J4 Montgomery ft.
i ■— ■— i i i — »— »^— — — — »^— ■— —
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, marine view, 6 rooms, bath and
yard. 1323 Washington St., near Jones.
FILLMORE. 118— Cottage 5 rooms, bath and
basement; also 3 large room?: rent reasonable.
15TH, nr. Dolores— Sunny newly renovated cot-
[ ■ taxes; 5 rooms; bath; basement; yard; cheap.
FLATS TO LET.
CHOICE 5 to 8 room modern flats, suitable for
2 families, $1S to $30. Apply 112 Scott St., near
Height. , ■
ELEGANT 7-room corner flat. 652 Church St.,
1 block from Mission High School.
FLAT of 4 rooms and bath; bay-window; $12.
716 Natoma St., bet. Eighth and Ninth. !
HAIGHT, 1021, bet. Broderick and Baker-
Sunny 6-room flat; fine view; near Park.
HYDE, 813-817— Modern, sunny, well built;
i clean and In perfect repair.
MINNA, 848, : near Eighth— Sunny corner flat
of 4 and 7 rooms; bath; range if required; ap-
• predated If seen. -
POST, 2607 — Bay window flat of -5 sunny
. rooms; $14; all modern improvements.
SUNNY flat of 5 rooms; large yard. 712 Clem-
entina st., bet. Eighth and Ninth; rent $10.
SUNNY. fIat; 6 rooms and bath; rent $14. 2401
Bush st., cor. Pierce.
SUNNY flat; 6 rooms and bath. Apply 1309
O'Farrell st. ■ .
TO LET — Handsome lower flat, 6 rooms. 733
Fourteenth st., near Market.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st. . ■ .
$16—5 ROOMS and porcelain bath; 541 Castro
st., bet. Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
, $22— S large rooms, new building, upper flat;
715 Castro st., near Twentieth.
$16 — 5 rooms; 16 ' Cumberland* st., off Guerrero,
bet. Nineteenth' and Twentieth.
F. NELSON, 709 Castro st. |
4 ROOMS, sunny yard. 11 Ilurlan place, off
Grant aye., near Slitter st.
$10 50— FLAT of 4 sunny rooms. 125 A Page, st.,
bet. Gough and Octavla.
$16— SAN JOSE aye., 143, nr. 24th— New modern
flat, i sunny rooms; gas, hot water, bath.
6 ROOMS, $14; also comfortable cottage, i
sunny rooms. 623 Second, near Rlncon aye.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; I folding beds: 1 in
kitchen and 1 In bedroom, with suit to match;
furniture all new; $:! per week: suitable for
4 or 5 persons. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mls-
■ Slon tit., bet. First and Second.
AT f>22 Polk— Nice sunny unfurnished front
suite; also single room: rent cheap: 3 fur-
nish- I rooms complete for housekeeping; $15.
BRANNAN. 72j, above Sixth— Front bedroom
and kitchen, furnished. $-; , 2 unfurnished
rooms,- $5. ■
FIFTH, 322 — Newly renovated connecting
housekpng rms., complete; bath; private; $10.
FIFTH. 34S— Suite of rooms furnished for house-
. keeping. \
fifth. 353—3 furnished housekeeping, $13; also
2 or I furnished,- with bath; single, $4.
FILLMORE, 618, near Hayes— Sunny furnished
room; also for light housekeeping; in good
family.
FILLMORE, 2212, Tiear Clay— 3 sunny unfur-
nished rooms to small family; $10.
FIRST, 308. corner FolFom— Cheap; $3; 5 rooms;
■mail; In excellent order.
FOLSOM, 86»r-A large sunny bedroom; kitchen;
yard, ■..-•w . - . ... ; - ■ - • - - - -
GUERRERO, 215—3 or 4 nicely furnished
'. sunny rooms; complete housekeeping; every
convenience; reasonable. '
HOWARD; 1324—2 rooms furnished complete
" for housekeeping. _ ■
HOWARD, 233T 1 -.- -2 or I completely furnished
large sunny front rooms; quiet; private;
cheap.
HOWARD, 732— Sunny basement room, furnish-
ed for housekeeping; also others; rent r»-as.
LAFAYETTE. 31, bet. Eleventh and Twelfth—
4 unfurnished rooms; rent $12.
LARKIN, 1315—2 or I sunny front and back
rooms furnished for housekeeping. -
' MINNA, 546— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing. ■. . ••
MINNA. 648—2 large sunny unfurnished rooms,
$8 per month: nice respectable family.
MISSION, 561, near Second— Large sunny front
room and kitchen complete for housekeeping.
SIXTH, 244— Front sunny housekeeping rooms,
furnished complete.
SOUTH PARK, 184— 2 large sunny rooms nicely
furnished for housekeeping.
THIRD, 340— Single room; rent $3 If) -per month,
TWENTY-THIRD, 3166, near Howard— Part of
nice sunny flat; use of bath and laundry;
cheap. .". ______________
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
WINDSOR Hotel— Booms without board; ac-
coinmodatlons for cooking. 9th & Washington.
~ HOOMS TO LET!
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
• sunny rooms, en suite and single; flrst-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
C m. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St.: trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c:. tel. Main 49.
A— SELECT home; Hotel Florence, 102 Ellis,
cor. Powell; elevator; baths; best attention.
A STOCKTON, 242 — First-class sunny front
rooms: suite; single; facing plaza; day or mo.
AT 416 O'Farrell— Sunny rooms; suites; single;
by day, week or mo. ; baths, running water. .
AT 147 Powell, 211 O'Farrell — Rooms by the
day, week or month; very reasonable.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor; Mason— Sunny suites
and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE,' 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
• furntshed single and double rms. ;■s% $10 mo.
EIGHTH,! 128— Sunny prettily furnished rooms,'
with baths.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let. - ' -■ . '> ■ ■
FIFTH, 309 — Large sunny, corner room; run-
ning water: other rooms; 'also housekeeping.
FOLSOM, TOti'-i— 2 large sunny furnished rooms
to let; $4 and $». ' '
FOLSOM, £20, near Fourth— sl week and up;
nice clean sunny single and double roema,
iity 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms;' suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY 610— Elegantly furnished rms. ; suites
' end single; also handsome doctor's suite.
GmARD - House, 132 Seventh, near Howard-
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE. 332— Furnished sunny front
rooms; single or en suite.
GLOBE House, £21 Howard— Per night, 23c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
GRAND SOUTHERN, 808. cor. .Seventh and
Mission Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GRANT ' aye., 17— Front suite; also single
rooms; housekeeping rooms; transient bo-
: lcited. :
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
. - rooming-house: $1 60 to $6 per waek. >■
HOWARD/ ISOO,' cor. Fourteenth— 3 or 4 sunny
■ front rooms; rent $8. ' - . ■ ■-.-
HYPE. 110,5. (Hotel Victoria — Unfurnished
sunny corner suites; runnliiK water, bath and
gas; first-class every respect; terms reaenbl.
JONES, 207— Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms'; reasonable; gas; water: bath, central.
LARKIN, 227, cor.' Golden Gate-^-Nica sunny
room, $7; also housekeeping suite; gas stove.
LEXINGTON aye., 159 -~ 3 nice large sunny
rooms and cellar; $10. ' ' . .
MCALLISTER, all — ■ Homelike front suite for
, .housekeeping; single and 'double, rooms;
'.- cheap, . '..-..'-■'■■--' -.'-'■" ' '- • "
MCALLISTER, 538— 2 elegantly, furnished sunny
- front rooms. $10 andsS; or en suite, $16.
MISSION. 1241— 2 sunny furnished rooms; first
floor; reasonable for quiet party. .
O'FAKRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
PINE '''.'i -Quiet and homelike sunny rooms;
bath and gas; finest loeatlon^lrwjity^
POLK, ISO— Nice hay-window sunny front
Fulte': running water; gas; bath; light house-
keeping; also single moms reasonable.
POLK, 171S Three unfurnished rooms to
ict; cheap.
POWELL, 317. formerly Cosmos Club— Ele-
gantly furnished rooms; reaaonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER, 121— Six sunny rooms and Lath to let.
STEVENSON, "C 4 — Nice sunny front room,
well furnished, $7 month; single room, $6;
private respectable family.
TAYLOR, 108, near Market—Furnished rooms
for rent': 25? night and up.
TAYLOR, MT ? furbished front rooms; nice
and sunny; cheap to right party.
TAYLOR, 888, comer Sutter— Newly furnished
room to rent, en suite or single; sunny; nice
view.
TAYLOR, 706— A well-furnished sunny room for
C-ntleman.
TURK, 127 — Xice large light parlor; suitable
r or office; cheap to right party.
VAN NKSS, SOS— Beautiful sunny rooms; newly
furnished; modern every respect.
HOOMS AND BOARD.
ELLIS, 618— Nice sunny rooms with first-class
table' board; use of parlor, piano; $20 up.
FOLSOM r.ll Swedish private boarding, with
$4 to $5 per week; nice location^
HYDE, 408 — Sunny alcove, hot, cold water, with
board; also single room; private; reasonable.
1 1 \ in-:. Uo6(Hotel Victoria) -Nice sunny* rooms;
bath; Kas: telephone; with breakfast. $10 mo.
O'FARRELL, Ml Very best boarfT; pleasant
parlor, with piano; everything entirely new.
SOUTH PARK, 16t— Good table board, $3 per
week; with nice sunny front j^oom. H week
Tin-: HEATH, H2 Eddy— Select family boar-d-
ins house; flrst-class all appointments; hot
water every room; home cooking; terms mod.
Till-: ORIEL. New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market -t,t. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; ringle rooms accordingly. _
VALENCIA, I"? 1 (The Irving)- Family boardg.;
warm belt; large grounds; sunny rooms; rens.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
CHILDREN or infante boarded, mother's care;
references; moderate. 2i2t', Magnolia tu., Oaklnd
LADY wants to board children and give moth-
er's care. Apply 532 Stevenson st.
STORKS TO LET.
FINK store living rooms; fit for any business;
1007 Larkln st.; $14. Apply 102 Eddy st.
NINTH St., corner Hryant Store; good fixt-
ures, rooms and stable; r.-nt low. _________
NORTHEAST corner Pacific and Sansome sts.;
handsome corner store; cheap to good parties.
ORE and Irving room at 337 Noe at.;
prosperous neighhorh'Wid.
MEDICAL.
DR. JOBBHLYN, the great specialist, removed
to Sfis'4 Market St.. opp. Powell; chronic and
private diseases, lost manhood, female trou-
bles, irregularities, especial attention; with a
mind matured and enriched by studies of an
advanced order and 5S years' practl. ■•■ (4. r > year*
In this city), enables him to warrant a per-
fect cure in all cases; his female monthly
remedies are safe and never fall; consulta-
tions free; letters promptly attended to. J.
H. JCSSF.LVN, M. I)., NtM Market st.. S. F.
ALL ladles c only Qr and Mrs. M. Dairtas,
true friends Of all invalids, men and women;
! to years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any diseases or irregularity; disgrace
Led; kind sympathy and aid; oure relief,
though rise fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; tables adopted; travelers treated: no
delay; self-cure sent; oall or write: free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIKS, 1228 Market
St.; pills, $1: very Strong, $2
ALL ot Dr. P*OUlet*B capsules are guaranteed
lute CU|*e for all female diseases; posi-
tively cafe and sure; po danger r after ef-
fects; taken In time It also acts as a pre-
venttve; prtoe $1 60 per box, sent free few
mall "ii receipt ot price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
(■rant aye., S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
DR. WISE, late of Bellevue Hospital, N. V. ;
offices, Hackmeier Hotel. 123 Eddy St.; hours
( to 11, I to r> and fi to 8; consult him for
treatment on all diseases peculiar to women;
patients assured first-class medical attend-
ance, ties],!,.,, enjoying privacy "f home with
experienced attendants; strictest confidence
maintained in all cases; consultation
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (f-om whatever cause)
in a f<>w hours ; safe and sure at rill times
wht-n others have failed; no instruments used;
travelers helped at once; home in confine-
ment; every case guaranteed: consultation
free and confidential: self-cere, X; pills, $1.
MIIH. DR. WVETH. 208 Turk Ht., ii-ur Jon-.-.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine or Instru-
ments used; rest.. res in < n" day without fall:
<very woman her own physician; away dis-
grace: consultation free; can be sent and used
at home; pills und capsules, $1: cure $5; by
the w 11-known DR POPPER, M? K.-arny st
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
Oases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause; no Instruments used: guaranteed
cure at office. $5; travelers helped instantly;
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. IK. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Segum; price
$1 BO; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.', Ml X fit., Sa.-rarnento, Cal.
imTaml MIIS. WKOF.NKK, 1312 Golden bate
aye.; private home In confinement, with every
comfort: l..st care and attendance; terms
moderate: infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express c o, I).; don't delay until too late.
OSOOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
LAI 'IKB wishing secrecy during confinement
can find g..< d home & treatment by Mrs. Karr,
2.M4 Fulton St.: McAllister car passes house.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; home In confine-
ment; oonflnement alone, J5. 15t Second st.
LADIES Mrs! Dr Pastel infallible, safe reme-
dies; 38 years' experience. 254M> Fourth Bt.
DR. HALL, 1228 Market St., diseases of women
and children.
HORSES.
LARGE assortment of work, draught and driv-
ing horses, cheap. 145 Valencia st.
TROTTING cart, cost $100, for $40; young
mare, handsome, speedy, well broke for city.
W. X SHAW, 1929 Market St.
40 HORSES for sale; also wngons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcad* Hone Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards, 220 Valencia st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FIXE laundry, bakers' and milk wagons cheap
f..r cash or installments; lflne top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkin, opp. City Hall.
( O-PARTMCKSIIIP NOTICES.
CERTIFICATE of copartnership — I, the under-
signed, do hereby certify that I Individually
constitute the firm doing business as C. \V.
1: FORD & CO., as silk and tailors' trim-
rnlnKK merchants; that the principal place of
business of said firm Is at 116 Butter str.-.'t.
in the City and County of San Francisco, and
that the name of said firm In C. W. R. FORD
& CO.; and that the full name and residence
of the Individual member of aajd firm Is the
undersigned, JACOB M. SCHNEIDER, Los
Angles, State of California.
JACOB M. SCHNEIDER.
State of California, City and C.unty of Ran
Francisco— 88.
On the 9th day of August, In the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, be-
fore me, W. T. HESS, a notary public In and
for the said city and county, residing therein,
duly commissioned and sworn, personally
appeared JACOB M. SCHNEIDER, known to
me to be the person described in, whose name
is subscribed to and who executed the an-
nexed Instrument, and he acknowledged that
he executed the »wn«.
In witness whereof, I heave hereunto set
my hand and affixed ray official seal at my
office In the City and County of Ban Fran'
Cisco, the day and year In this certificate first
above written.
[Seal.] W. T. HESS,
Notary public In and for the City ivnd County
of Snn Francisco. State of California, 10U
clans .Spreckels building.
Indorsed: Filed August 10, 1898, c. F
CURRY, Clerk.
liy N. X MAISON, Deputy Clerk.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. w
HOWE, atty-at-lttW, 8M Market, cor. Stocktn.
ALL. private law cuses, bankruptcy, collections,
free advice; open cv. Atty McOabe, 108 Larkln.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful, w.
W. DAVIDSON. ! ( 27 Market st.
CLARK F.-mma Spreckela bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consytatlon free; no fees In advance.
383 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
PERSONALS.
WANTED— To communicate with milliners,
dressmakers and others who have been in-
duced to pay money to a certain party on
representation of being appointed agents for
a composition styled toilet cream. Address
H., box 10, Call office. .-■ '"
CHILDREN'S class at Hlnmari*s School of
Dancing. 1412 Polk St., is now open on Satur-
, day afternoons. ' ■•- ' ' _
NEW method of treating diseases by elec-
tricity; lessons given, j 1515 A Howard st.
JOSEPH GREVEN'S vocal pupils. are public
favorites all over the United States; profes-
sional terms, $10 monthly, in advance, for' 2
lessons weekly, only for those who start in
before the beginning of the season— i. c.,
August 10. 1236 Market Bt. ' _____
I MAKE it my aim to r please each and every
one; halrdresslng, 25c only; hair restored to
its natural color from $150 up; good switches,
$1; finest. $3 50; extra, $5: open Sunday, 9 to
12. O. LEDEREU, 111 Stockton at.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $150 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PILES— If you are troubled with them ad-
dress box 6984, Call office, for cure.
ELECTRIC sealskin Jackets to order, $50.
MARX'S Fur Store, 957 Market Bt.
LEDERER'S Quinonla cleanses the scalp: has
no equal. G. LEDERgR, 111 Stockton st.
MRS JOHNSON'S new method of electric ma_-
' sage, salt baths and herb cure. 579 Geary, st.
J. HAUPTLI'S Hair Store has removed to 1036
Market: halr_resslng\ popular prices. "
HOME in -confinement;- 'diseases of 'women,
MRS. '■ DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St., Alameda..
SUITS to * order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th an.'; Bth.
■
DRESSMAKERS.
COMPETENT dressmaker; makes children's
dresses, fKted at their homes. Address D.,
. branch Call office. 357 Hayea st. ■ '
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st. v V
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses, $5
up: dresses -made over. -3 Eddy. 8t.., rm. 14-15.
CLAIRVOYANTS. •/
THE RECOGNIZED LEADER " v
Of Clairvoyance, and Occult Science.
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST.
MANY IMITATE,
BUT NO ONE CAN EQUAL.
PROF. M. OMAR ..The Occult Wonder
HAS NO EQUAL.
325. ...EDDY 5T. ...325.
Gives full name of every caller.
Names of your sweethearts or husband.
Gives advice to make you successful in love,
business, marriage, divorce, law suits, etc
Cures drunkenness, bad habits, evil Influences.
OMAR.. NEVER FAILS
TO UNITE THE SEPARATED
and
Causes speedy and happy marriages.
Guarantees success in all cases.
Private Residence.
Separate parlors for ladies and gentlemen.
All business sacredly confidential.
Letter* containing 4 questions and $1 answered. ;
ATTENTION! YOUR DESTINY FORETOLD! |
PROF. H. ROMAINE,
• THE ORIENTAL SEER,
LATE OF INDIA.
In order to quickly introduce his work and
give all an opportunity to test bis powers, all
fees reduced for one week. A $2 reading for $1.
He sails you by name.
Tells names of your friends.
Tells you what you called for.
Tells all about your business affairs.
All about your love and domestic affairs.
Causes speedy marriages.
Reunites the separated in seven days.
Locates burled treasures in five days.
Locates mines and valuable ores.
Recovers old estates and valuable papers.
■Removes evil Influent • -, bad habits, etc.
Gives good luck in all your undertakings.
. ■ ' Guarantees Success
In any of the above work or Money funded.
Being a Master, He Never Fails.
Hours 10 to 8. Satisfaction guaranteed by mall.
Letters with stamp answered.
OFFICES, 1206 MARKET ST., SUITE 104.
— -—MRS. DR. F. CLARK
Unrivaled.
Trance Clalrv< -ant and Medium.
While entranced she will reveal every hidden
mystery In life: will show you how to over-
come your enemies, remove family troubles,
restore lost affections; unites the separate, re-
covers lost, stolen or buried property: locates
treasures, minerals; tells your entire life,
pact, present and future, while in a perfect
trance. Hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. : perfect
ratisfaction guaranteed by mall. Bend stamp
for circular with special terms.
Rooms 20 and 26. 1206 Market street.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY,
Medical clairvoyant and medium, will diag-
nose diseases and treat with revealed reme-
dies, which are a boon to suffering humanity;
stamp for circular. 232 StocKton st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
i card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease: full life reading; la.
50c, gents $1; palm, andclalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. RAMONDI: your fortune told by
chlro^raphy, $1 and $2. 109 Grant aye., room 2.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
. present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth st., room 10.
SONORA RAMONA. medium and card reader;
10c; ladies only. 23 Ash aw.
MME. SODAN, Scotch eeereas. card reader and
palmist; from 9 to 8. 619 Eddy st.
MME. MOREAU, best .medium and card
reader; Me up, 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
toller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. BTBILLE, cradle to grave; future hut-
band's picture, -'"■: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
SPIRITUALISM.
AT 305 Larkln Ft. to-night ladies' social; good
programme; dancing; 10c. '
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
ings, $1; cir. Tueg., Fri., 2 p. m. ; Hon. 8; Me.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m.; He. 409 Leaven worth st.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. _ 1_ ' _ Sixth st. -
M. FRANCES, Independent writing me-
dium. lIS Halght st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY,' clairvoyant, trance
test medium and life reader. 232 Stockton st.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. CHANDLER; readings daily at resi-
dence. 853 Geary tit.
MONEY TO LOAN.
.LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission at., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st. ; tel. Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest interest, .Room OS. 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6'_ per cent on real estate;
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
MONEY loaned on furniture and pianos without
t removal. 205 Examiner building.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests -in
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 634 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal: lowest rates;
• no commission; private, 116 McAllister st.
$C 0 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition.- Dryden, 413 Montgomery ; t.
DENTISTS. •
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light (mil thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
" our specialty; fillings. 60e;. crowns. $3 60; all
• work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist " discoverer of ' painless : extraction* and j
patentee of Improved bridge work' or teeth
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VRpOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set'
,'. of -teeth, $:. up; . fillings. 26c up; > all ' work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open. even-
. ; ings. 997 Market st., cor. Sixth. ' '■
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 . Market st., near
. Eleventh; crowns, bridge' work and filling a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. USO Miirk.n st. - :. ■
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by
£j N.-w : York dentists;, 969 Mission, cor. Sixth.
PAINLESS filling a specialty. DRS. PERRY
& CHRISTIE, 8 Mason Bt., cor. Market.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$2000 — ONE-SIXTH cash, balance small
monthly payments; 4 rooms and bath cottage
finished complete with every : modern conve-
nience; :ot 25x114. on Twentieth St., near Castro.
- $3600— • CASH.' balance installments ;* a
large 6-room 2-story house with high finished
basement: highly decorated and 4 bay-windows;
street accepted; " choice "location. Castro st.,
near./ Twentieth. F. NELSON, 709 Castro st.
PLANS, specifications, etc.. submitted ■ for any
kind of bldg. W. Rednall, bldr.. 1326 Hayes.
A WEEK'S news for : 5 cents— The Weekly
.^ Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
V ■' COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.. '.
$150 FOR 10 acres; payable $10 a month, with-
out interest or taxes; -fine valley- land, under
'■■ irrigation canal; railroad runs • through the
tract; fine fruit and ' farming land; Only 18
tracts left; call immediately and secure one
before it is too late. WESTERN LAND CO.,
640 Market st. . ; / , .-•■ ■ ,"• .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENT^.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATES.
FORECLOSURE bargains offered by Oakland
Building and Loan Association. 1151 Twenty-
third aye.. East Oakland, Cal.
Lots from $160 up. • ■
Houses. 5 to 8 rooms. : from $1000 to $1000.
Call and see onr list. _^___^
$1600, COST $2500; -and-a-half new- house:
mortgage $1300; must be sold at once; $300
cash; fine neighborhood; street macadamized,
etc. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
HANDSOME modern home; Just completed: 2-
story, 7-room; modern in ' every particular;
-completely finished and specially well built:
lot 40x125; 3 minutes from local station, 30
minutes from San Francisco: one -of . the
choicest residence localities 'ln Oakland: easy
.monthly payments. HERON & HOLCOMB,
' .1050 Broadway. -. ' -■ . '
NEW modern home; a bargain; must be sold;
.near Grove-st. electric cars: -within city lim-
its: 10 rooms and bath; cement -basement;
nickel-plated open plumbing; all modern con-
V veniences; lot  oxl2Ci. Apply to owner at once,
\BlO Thirty-sixth St., Oakland. '
J. CALLAGHAN. real ' estate dealer, notary
public: nrnrertv looked after 814 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSES. ' • _
COTTAGE, large grounds; good location. 441
-Sherman aye., near Thirty-sixth. Telegraph-
• avenue cars.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
SUNNY rooms with hoard: quiet neighborhood;
near local trains. 1020 Adeline st,. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and. cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old' store. 40$ Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA advertisements.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATES.
ALAMEDA BARGAINS.
$1300— Lot 33:4x100; neat house; 4 rooms and
bath; any terms.
$1500— Lot 25x150; nice house; 8 rooms and
bath; any terms.
$2200— Lot 25x147; nice new tblngled 2-story
house; 6 rooms and bath. . ..•--.
$1500 — Lot 40x100; 2-story; 7 rooms; worth
$2500.
$2800— Lot 42r150; elegant new modern cottage;
7 rooms and bath; up-to-date.
$3000— Lot 42x150; fine NW. corner: 7 rooms
and bath; new and modern. .
Lot 100x145; elc.ant corner lot, with 9 rooms
and bath, stable, fruit trees, etc.
AH well located; near school and station:
street work done. Apply at once to
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
Houses to let. 1432 Park st., Alameda.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
INCOME property, annual rents $816, for -farm
near Oakland. $28 Lombard st. "^
PROPOSALS. ~~ 3^
PROPOSALS for Furnishing and Delivering
One Hundred (100) Keyless-Door ■ Fire - Alarm
F.<.xeo for the Fire Alarm and Police Teje-
aph. - ....... - ;• ....
Office of the Clerk of the Board 'of Supervi-
sors of the city and County of San Francisco,
August 9, 1898.
In accordance with resolution No. 1528
(Fourth Series) of tae Board of Supervisors,
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received in
open session of the Board of Supervisors, on
MONDAY AFTERNOON, August 15, 1898,
from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for the furnishing and
delivery (for- use of the Fire Alarm and
■ Police Telegraph) of one hundred (100) key-
lc«s-door fire' alarm boxes, complete with all
apparatus and connections, in accordance
with specifications on file in the office of the
Superintendent of the Fire Alarm and Police
Telegraph, at No. 17 Brenham place.
The said fire alarm boxes to be constructed
to the satisfaction of and to be approved
by the Superintendent of the Fire Alarm and
Police Telegraph and the Committee on Fire
Department of the Board of Supervisors..-
Bidders-will estimate and state a price for
which they will furnish and deliver the said
boxes, complete in every particular, and ready
for use, to the Superintendent of the Fire
Alarm and Police Telegraph, within ninety
days from date of contract. . . .! .
For any further Information required, bid-
ders will apply to the Superintendent of the
Fire Alarm and Police Telegraph.
Bidders will be required to furnish a sample
of their respective Fire Alarm Jloxes. •
The party to whom the contrsut is awarded
■will be required, prior to or at the time of the
execution of the contract, to pay the cost of
advertising this notice in three dally news-
papers. , — .
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
cilitate the award the Board has resolved to
receive no bid .unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, . and a certified
check for the sum of one thousand (11000) dol-
lars deposited by the bidder with and made
payable to the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors, .conditioned if the -proposal be ac-
cepted and the contract awarded; and if the
bidder shall fall or neglect to pay the print-
ing charges, execute the contract and give the
required bond within six days after the
award Is made, then and in that case the said
sum shall be paid into the City and County
Treasury by said Clerk a? liquidated' damages
for such failure and neglect. " . "
Blanks furnished by the Clerk. • '
The Board reserves th,e right to reject all
bids If the public good bo require.
JNO. A RUSSELL. Clerk.
PROPOSALS— For the Leasing, for Five Years,
of Two Blocks of Land, Known as "Market
Places," Bounded by Channel, Irwin, Hudson
and Fifth streets.
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors
of the City and County of San Francisco,
August 9, 1898.
In accordance with Resolution No. 1531
(Fourth Series). of the Board of Supervisors,
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received in
open session of the Board of Supervisors on
MONDAY AFTERNOON, August 15, 1898.
: from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for the leasing, for a
term of five (5) years, the two blocks of city-
property situated on the south side ... Chan-
nel street, and known as "Market Places,"
bounded by Channel, Irwln, Hudson and Fifth
streets, under the following conditions, to-
Wit: ■""."■'-: . .
CONDITIONS. ' .
The lessee shall, where necessary, fill in
- the said blocks, and the said blocks must
be to the official grade at the expiration ■of
the lease. •
That in no event will the city, and county
'agree to give an entrance or approach by
land to the said property, as the lessee' will
be required to procure a right of way .by
Jand, if desired or required, at his own cost
.and charge. ■- ■•'• • •-■-.• ■ •.-- 
The lessee will be required to give a bond in
the sum of five thousand ($5000) dollars, with
two good and sufficient sureties thereon, that
the conditions herein required will be strictly
complied with, and on falling to comply with
. any of the said conditions, then the said lease
shall thereupon terminate and be of no force
or effect, and the amount of said bond shall
be forfeited, and shall be paid or collected
by suit tor the city and county as liquidated
■ damages for such failure arid neglect.
All Improvements made by the lessee on said
•blocks shall, at the expiration of the lease,
revert to the city and county.
Bidder* will estimate and state the amount
they will pay monthly as rental for the two
blocks Jointly, with the distinct understanding
that the lease will Df made to the highest bid-
der therefor, and that the payments on said
lease shall bo made monthly to the Mayor of
this city and county. r
The party to ■ whom the ■ lease may be
granted will be required, prior to or at the
time if the execution of the lease, to pay
the coat of advertising this and a former no-
' tice in three daily newspapers.
, In order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
cilitate the granting of the lease, the' Board
has resolved to receive no Ids- unless made
upon blank forms prepared by the committee
and a certified check for the sum. of one
thousand ($1000) dollars deposited by. the . bid-
der with and made payable to :he Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, conditioned If the
proposal be accepted and the lease granted;
and If the bidder Fhnll fall or neglect to pay
the printing charges and sign the agreement
and gtva the required bond within six days
after the »aid lease Is granted, then and "in
' that ease the said sum shall ho paid into
the City and County Treasury by sold Clerk
as liquidated damages for such failure and
•neglect. ■'■ •'• • ■ - ■ ■ . ■ '
■ Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all
.bids if the public good so require.
•■'....■ ■TNO. A. RITfISr.LL. Clerk. - :
. TO LEASE.. .
TO lease— A small ranch in San Mateo County
Apply at 45 Prosper st., near Market and
Sixteenth. ' '■' ' ' • ;■ ;.:■>,..;.'
THE old building of the Y. M. C. A., ?32
Sutter St.; ions lease; very low terms; can
be rented as a. whole or In divisions; large
and splendid location; no reasonable rent re-
fused. Apply to MADISON & BURKE.
EDUCATIONAL.
VOCAL Instruction— ANNlS MONTAGUE
TURNER; correct and natural production of,
the voice, based on natural and artistic prin-
ciples; terms beginning August 15 and after:
' lessons by the month or quarter." For 1 terms
apply personally or by letter to 930 Bush St.,
- near Jones.
HEALTHS Business College, 24 Post st.— Book-
keeping,, .business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 ichers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st.;
individual instruction .in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
A LADY teaches piano . and : mandolin „ thor-
oughly; 50c an hour; excellent pianist and ao-
I compantst for entertainments and vocalists.
! 1209 Octavia ?t. '___ ■
UNIVERSITY Coast— Newell Perry. Ph. 8.. Fel-
low in Mathematics, IT. C, 2407 B. Atherton,
nr. Channlng way, Berkeley ; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare
classes; prl. tuition.' Mrs. Ehrman,^234 Bush.
ROBERT TOLMIE, ; pianist, has resumed
teaching at 1003 Butter st.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught ; short . time. T«arr, 572 Parrott bldg.
SHORTHAND taugHt in 1 month ; references;
private lessons; terms $!". 712 Van Ness aye.
PIANO and German lessons. Trie; pupil of Con-
servatory in Lelpsic. 110- Hyde st: - ; :
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. M 4 Geary st.
~ BICYCLES. 77
BIG sacrifice, second-hand 'bicycles; first come,
first served. J.HOLLE. 20th and Folsom sts.
]JIARRIAGE~LICENSES.'
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
M. W. O'Connell and Alice Monaghan.... 23-19
Plerse Kerwan and Kate Powers 23-26
Jo.^e S. Azv'uo and Mariana V. Candida — 31-30
M. T. Baptinta and Maria V. c ,lid 27-20
George M. Varrell and Mary J. Sullivan.. 42-35
Giuseppe Campl and Rosa L1nte0. ....... 21-15
Balvator Onarato and Theresa Furio 25-16
Giuseppe Marino and Jaasamlna Aruzza...23-20
Samuel Maxwell and Gretchen A. Kruger.. 3o-20
William F. Taylor and Julia Coggeshall... 36-25
P. A. Demart'.ni and Celeste Demartinie.. 44-27
John H. A. Willers and Heckle Wendt....2S-18
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
; Birth. marriage and death notices pent by
! mall will not be inserted. They must be
! handed In at either of the publication offices
I and be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BOUV.
JOHNSTON— In San Leandro, August 9, IS9B.
to the wife of H. J. Johnston of San Fran-
cisco, a son. _^^^__
MARRIED.
LITTLEFIELD— HESS— In San Jose, August
10, IS9B, by Judge M. H. Hyland, George
Rockmer Littlefield and Terese Hess, both of.
Han Francisco. . - ' ' ■-
DIED.
Beausang, Josephine Lilian, Mariano
Bernheim, Minnie - McAvoy, Rev. Father
Boyce. George S. Manwarlng, Charles
Buddrus, Fred O'Neill, Dennis
Clark, Franklin N. Parker, John W.
Kwell, L. J. Power, Annie A.
, Holbrook. Angellne Steele, Lieut. J. R.
Hustedt, Priederich Swett, Daniel
Kelly. Josephine Wester. Peter ,
Kenny, Catherine
BEAUSANG— In La Granire, Cal., August 4,
IS9B, Josephine, dearly beloved wife nt J. F.
Baausang, and foster mother of John S.
Bninder and Mrs. George W. Bates, a native
of Kongelf, Sweden, aged 69 years 2 months
and 22 days.
BERNHEIM— In Napa. August 11, IS!*, Minnie,
beloved wife of Harry Bernheim, , mother of
Julian Bernheim, dearly beloved daughter of
Herman and Lizzie Schwartz, and sister of
William, David and Max Schwartz, aged 23
years. ■
BOYCE— In this city, August 11, 1898, George
S. Boyce, brother of Hamilton G.. William
T., Robert A. and Margaret Boyce and Mrs.
J. W. Brown, a native of San Francisco, .aged
28 years
BUDDRUS— In this city, August 11. IS9B, Fred,
beloved husband of Bertha Buddrus. and
father of Paul, Bertha and Richard Able, a
native of Memel, Germany, aged 53 years. .
CLARK— Oakland. August 11, 1898, Frank-
lin N. Clark, a native of New York, aged
£S years 10 months and 21 days.
EiyNotice of funeral hereafter..
KWKI.I.- In this city, August 11, 18K8, L. J.,
. beloved husband of Susan H. Ewell, and
father of Mrs. S. B. Reed and Zalda H.
Ewell. a native of New York, aged 69 years
10 months and 6 days.
ICF'Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remain*
at the parlors of H. C. Bunker & Co., 2666
Mission street, .Mission Masonic Temple.
HOLBROOK— At Ocean View, August 10, 1898;
Angellne E., beloved daughter of .James M.
and Lizzie Holbrook, and sister of James W..
George T. and Walter J. Holbrook, a native of
Ocean View, aged 10 months and 21 days. '
CrFVlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, - from the parents'
residence, 3C64 San Jose road. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
HUSTEDT— In San Leandro, August 9, 189S,
Friederich. dearly beloved husband of Mar-
garetha Hustedt, brother-in-law of Mrs. J.
Lutjan,-and uncle of Mrs. H. Bruns, Mrs. P.
Windeler, Mrs. J. Peters, Louis Borman and
Herman and Fred Hustedt, a native of Han-
over, Germany, aged 73 years and 15 days.
IT?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral* this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the late resi-
dence of the deceased in San Leandro. In-
terment San Lorenzo Cemetery. San Lorenzo.
KELLY— In this city, August 11, IS9S. Jose-
phine, beloved wife of John H. Kelly, and sis-
ter of -Mrs. H. P. Moreal, a native of • San
Francisco, aged 36 years. . . ,
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence", Arkansas street, near Solano.
thence to ' St. Teresa's Church for services
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
KENNY— In this city, August 11, 1896, Cather-
ine, beloved wife of Owen Kenny, mother of
Thomas Kenny, and sister of Gertrude Mc-
Grath, a native of County Tipperary, Ire-
land, aged 27 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
August 14, at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
d ence. 248 Clementina street, off Fourth,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be . celebrated for the repose
of her soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
i LLENAS— In the City and County Hospital.
August 11. 1898, Mariano Lien. is. a native of
Philippine Islands, aged 50 years.
McAVOY— In San Leandro. August 11, IS9B,
Rev. Father J. McAvoy. " .
E?"The funeral will take place tomorrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Learidro's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul. Inter-
ment San Leandro Cemetery.
MANWARING— In this city, August 11, 1898.
Charles W., beloved son of Mrs. Amalla
. Manwaring, a native of Missouri, aged 34
years 6 months and 14 days.
(r^Notice of funeral hereafter.
O'NEILL— In thi3 city, August 10, IMS, r>«inls
• O'Neill, beloved brother of Miss Mary O'Nefll,
a native of the town of Courtmacsherry, par-
1 ish of Lisslea, County Cork, Ireland, aged 67
years. ■ ' -
inT Friends- and acquaintances are- respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral, this day
(Friday), at " o'clock, from his late residence,
227^ Francisco street, between Stockton and
I Dupont,. thence to. St. Francis Church, whero
- a requiem high mass will be celebrated, for
the repose of his soul, at 3:30. o'clock- In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PARKER— this city, August 11. 1898, John
, W. Parker, a native of North Carolina, aged
. 57 years. . . ..- . .
POWER— In this city, August 10. 1898, Annie
A., beloved daughter of Bernard and ' Ana-
statia Power, and sister of Edward J., Mary
E.. Margaret' V., Bernard M. and Martin
- P. Power, a native of San Francisco, aged
24 years 7 months and 21 days. ...
, [CTFriends and acquaintances, are respect-
' fully Invited, to attend the funeral this day •
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 1721 Jones street, thence to..
St. Brigid's Church. Van Ness avenue and:
Broadway, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. '.-•. ■
•6TEELE— In Santiago de Cuba.. August 5. 1898.
■ of yellow- fever. Lieutenant James R. Steele,.
Signal Corps, U. S. A., beloved husband of
Anna M. Steele (nee Geary), an 1 father of.
Geary A. and Katherlne A. Steele. a native of ;
Almonte, Ontario, aged 32 years 8 months and
5 days.
SWETT — In Bay Farm Island. Alameda, Au-
gust. 11. 1898, . Daniel, beloved husband ,of
Sarah F. Bwett, and Father of Laura A. and
Lilll.' Burris and W. C, Lucy F. and Daniel
. S. Sweft. ■■ ' ■ . ' -.
(CNotlce of funeral hereafter.
WF.STER— In this city, August 10. 1838, Peter
' Wester, a native of "Sweden, aged 49 years.
UT^Frien-ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), nt 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Interment'
Laurel Hill Cemetery. *
McAVOY & GALLAGHER, ' B
FCKERAJC DIRECTORS Si, JSMBALiIEIU I
:■: iiJTH ST., Opp. Lincoln Scum!. I
Telephone, South so. , ,'n.,.,— -J.-
111. »i. m'avov. Manager. f
McAVOV A CO., • I
DIUKCTOKS AND EMBALMEE4 I
1230 Market St.. between nth and Uih. I
Telephtmo. South 247 -._^^J
1112
MURDERED IN THE GLOOM OF WHARF.
A. Scraffino Killed by
an Unknown Foe.
FOUND CLUTCHING A DAGGER
RELATIVES FIGHT FOR THE RE
MAINS.
Struggle With the Peace OQcials for
Possession of the Body — Motive
lor the Crime
. v Obscuro.
Antonio Serafiino, a young- Italian fish
erman, was murdered Inst night on Fish
erman's wharf, lie w:is shot to death
by some person yet unknown, but the
police believe the crime was the result of
a family feud, and they were last night
. searching: for soir.o of the relatives of
the widow of the murdered man, who
FOUGHT FOR THE REMAINS OF THEIR MURDERED RELATIVE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Warm Shampoos
With
v And r light dressings with
€UTlCU&A,,parest of emol-
lient skin cures, wig clear
the scalp and hair^o&rusts,
scales and daadruff,soothe ir-
ritated and itching: surfaces,
stimulate the hair follicles;
supply the roots wilfe energy
and nourishment, and thus
produce luxuriant* lustrous
hair, with clean, wholesome
scalp, when all else fails.
Fnr (if At Dflcf] Sunburn, bites and stlngS
Nil UUII naSU of insects, inflammations,
'Haai Dacli Irritations, dialings, undue
liCd l fidMl  offensive perspiration and
other sanative uses, nothing so cooling, sooth-
Ing, purifying and refreshing as a bath with
CUTICURA SOAP, the most effective skin
purifying and beautifying soap in the world,
as well as purest and sweetest for toilet, bath
and nureery.
FROM THE MOMENT OF BIRTH use Cuti-
cura Soap— lt is not only the purest, sweetest
and most refreshing of nursery soaps, but It
contains delicate emollient • properties obtained
from Cuticura, • the great skin cure, .which
purify and beautify baby's skin, scalp and
hair, anil remove skin blemishes, occasioned by
Imperfect cleansing and the continued use of
Impure eoaps.
Bold * throughout the ■ world. , Price, ■ CUTI-
CURA SOAP, 25c. CUTICURA (ointment), 50c.
POTTER DRUG AND THEM. CORP., Sole
Props., Boston. British Depot, 1 King Edward
st London. "How to Save Your ' Hair, .'.'free. '
disappeared from their usual haunts soon
;ift» r the fatal shots were fired.
No one could be found who witnessed
the deed.
The report of the pistol shots was
heard coming from the end of the K>iiK
wharf, where the picturesque boats of the
fishermen He, by sonu- boys who wore
lounging near. A moment after the
crouching form of a man was seen =link-
Ing sway in the darkness and disappear
ing in the tortuous alleyways at the base
of Telegraph Hill.
Ikying half concealed behind a pile of
boat gear was the body of the murder
er's victim. There was a gaping bullet
wound, scarred with powder burns, al
most.in the center of the forehead, nnd a
portion of the upper lip waa torn away,
marking the track (ft the other bullet
lired by the assassin.
Tightly clutched in the right hand of
the murdered "man was a long, thin, keen
edged dagger, whose blade glistened In the
glint of the lantern, carried by the f< w
who rushed to the end of the wharf to
Investigate the cause of the shooting.
A murder had taken place and the mur
dered man apparently had some knowl
edge that his life whs in clanger Just be
fore the fatal shot was fired. The
ence of the dagger clutched In the life
lingers told plainly that when the
foe was met it was a duel to the deaih.
I'ntll late this morning the police were
divided in opinion as to whether the mur
der was the result of a quarrel or whether
the killed man, knowing an enemy was
waiting to kill him, drew his dagger and
prepared to sell his^ life as dearly as pos
sible.
Life was not extinct when the murdered
man waa first found and word was sent
to the Harbor Hospital, but before the
ambulance was started on the way, it
waa recalled and the morgue wagon sent
for.
The news of the murder =oon spread
around the colony of fishermen, who live
near the wharf, and before the police ar
rived the body was surrounded by grief
stricken relatives of the dead man.
It was a heartrending sight. In the dim
light of the lantern the wailing relatives
of the murderer's victim knelt around the
body, and when the police arrived they
fought for the possession of the' remains.
Mothers with babes in their arm;!, men
frenzied by the death of their friend,
brothers and sisters crazed with grief,
fought back the men who would deprive
them of the body of their loved one.
Sergeant Cook and Officers Donohuo,
MoGowan and Gwin were bustled about
like so many shuttlecocks h-"- tho fre zjed
le, and' it took them nearly an hour
to convey the body of the murdered man
from the wharf. On the arrival of the
Morgrue wagon the howls were renewed.
and the struggle grew intense. The wife
and sisters of Scraffino knelt beside his
dead body beating their breasts in grief.
while the brothers, with hands and faces
covered with the blood that was oozing
out of the wounds of the dead man,
struggled for possession. The rfflcers
pushed them back, and as the receiving
coffin was placed alongside the body it
was kicked out of the wny. Again it
was brought close to the body by Depu
ties Hallett and Smith ami the body hur
riedly thrown into it. but again it was
thrown out by stricken relatives, who
tried to drag the remains to their homo
and nt the .same time fight off the police
and the Coroner's deputies. The peace
officials again tried to drive away the
frenzied friends and relatives of the mur
dered fisherman, anu thin tlmo they were
successful in getting the body into the
box and in the Morgue wagon.
At the home of the murdered man
women were lying on the floor, beating
thf»lr heads against the wall?, wailing and
Fobbing, while the men, exhausted from
their struggles, rested their heads on their
arms and sobbed bitterly.
Scraffino was but 27 years old and ha^
only been married a few weeks. His bride
was a pretty girl whom he brought from
Italy on tho Ist of July. He loved her in
tho "land of olives, and when he had by
dint of hard work become the owner of
his own crab-boat he sent for her.
Some of the friends who were at the
wedding of the young couple say that the
murder was committed by a Jealous rival,
who. mad with love for the young girl,
followed her from her native land but ar
rived after the marriage ceremony had
been performed, and in his wrath wreaked
his vengeance by taking the life of tho
happy husband.
The police, however, who care little for
romance, were hunting last night for a
brother-in-law. Antonio Gulseppi, who
answers the description given of the
crouching figure that waa seen slinking
away from the wharf after the fatal shot
was fired. Guiseppi was absent from his
lIIE RAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 12, 1898.
usual haunts last night.
ThK' murdered man lived at 7 Greenwich
stre< i.
The boys who heard the fatal shots
fired and who saw the murderer running
away from ih<- scene of the crime are
- Dalton, who UVes .-it Kearny and
streets, and \\ . Smith, whose home
■ ■
The murderer was also seen running
fp.m the wharf by some of the train
hands employed by the Belt Railroad.
They describe the murderer as wearing
heavy black boots, a black coat and vest
ajid a black slouch hat.
SHIRKED THEIB, DUTY.
Police Judges Compelled to Deal
With "Drunks'' in a Proper
Manner.
Captain Seymour and the Police Judges
had a meeting yesterday morning that
promised ;it first to be a stormy one, but
finally ended in a proper understanding
for future business.
The "drunks" have hern In the habit
of not bfing taken before a Judge , but
Sergeant Wolf of the City Prison without
authority has been constituting himself
a Judge, and every morning discharging
them or dealing with them as the fancy
struck him.
Oiptain Seymour happened to drop into
the prison Wednesday morning and was
astonished when he saw. his subordinate
holding court over the "drunks." He ask
ed for an explanation and at once gave
orders that the drunk cases should be
assigned to the courts the same as the
other cases. The result was that yes
tterday morning each court had its share
of the "drunks." Hence the meeting.
The Judges agreed to take week about
to be at the prison at 9:30 o'clock each
morning to dispose of the cases, and the
friction was over.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
The Grand Body Will Meet in San
Jose on the 29th Inst.— The
State of the Order.
The next session of the Grand Council
of the Young Men's Institute of Califor
nia will be held In San Jose, commencing
on the 29th of the current month.
The grand officers are at this time pre
paring for the great event, and the mem
bership in the Garden City is arranging
for the proper reception of the delegates
i)ii<l their entertainment during the ses-
Bion.
During the past year the order has lost
two councils and has added two — No. 508
in this city and No. 520 in Redwood City.
The membership at this time is about
the same as it was at the time of the pre
vious .session of the grand body, but there
haa been a marked gain in its finance.
From the several reports that have been
received from the entire jurisdiction it
appears that the prospects for a notable
Increase during the coming year are very
bright.
Land Office Records Destroyed.
The lire at Susanvllle, Lassen County,
I which, acording to the dispatches to The
i Call yesterday, destroyed the larger part
of the town, has thrown the local office
of the United States Surveyor General in
to confusion. Surveyor General Gleaves
yesterday received information that the
fire had destroyed the Land Office of the
unfortunate town and all of the land
records had been consumed in tho blaze.
This will make It necessary for his office
force to furnish certified copies of all the
records and plats and other data relating
to the lands In the northeastern part of
the State. Certified copies of the land en
tries will have to be obtained from Wash
ington. Mr. Gleaves believes that he will
have to increase hia force, and that even
then it will take at least six months to
finish the extra work caused by the de
struction of the Susanville records.
Bret Harte begins a new story in
next Sunday's CVII.
The Fire Department.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday
afternoon and accepted the resignation of
M. F. Welsh of Engine 2. James Mason,
engineer of Engine 33, was retired on a
pension. Thomas Johnston was appointed
hoseman of Engine 33; William Heaney,
engineer of Engine 33, and John Hennes
sey, hoseman of Engine 2--
POLICEMEN
ON TRIAL FOR
COWARDICE
Deserted Burke After
He Was Shot.
AN INVESTIGATION BEGUN
LEES DETERMINED TO SHIELD
THE "BRAVE" OFFICERS.
Evidence to Show That They Feared
to Arrest Haynes—Damag
ing Statement of a
Woman.
Policemen Merchant, Marlowe, Wilkin
son and Kennedy, who deserted Lieuten
ant Burke when ho was «hot and killed
by Theodore Haynes, were before the Po
lice Commissioners last night, charged
with cowardice. The accused oflicers were
represented by Senator Wolfe and As
sistant District Attorney Dunne. Eugene
Deuprey appeared as special prosecutor.
Patrick Burke, the brother of the dead
lieutenant, was present ana listened with
interest to the proceedings.
Robert Graham, who conducts a store
near the scene of the shooiing, testified
that he telephoned to the police, as he
feared that Haynes intended to kill some
body. After Lieutenant Burke arrived he
I cautioned him against Jiaynes, as he be
| lieved he would not hesitate to shoot the
officer. Burke replied that he was aoie
to take care of himself, and at once
staried for the tinker's cabin.
Robert Cole, the next witness, said that
he was Informed by a friend that there
was trouble at Haynes' cabin. He started
for the place and immediately afterward
Lieutenant Burke drove up In the patrol i
wagon. Wilkinson and Kennedy were
standing a short distance from the cabin.
The witness declared that he heard
Burke address Haynes, asking him to
surrender, otlicer Marlowe atooa on Peral
ta avenue, and when Burke was shot he
emptied his revolver at Haynes, but
failed to bring him down. Contrary to
his testimony in the Police Court, the
witness declared that Marlowe did not
retnat alter Burke had been shot down.
Cole admitted that he was on friendly
terms with .Marlowe, but denied that he
had been Influenced by him to swar that
he had not acted in a cowardly manner.
The witness also saw Kennedy and \\ !l- ,
i klnson tire at Haynes. They were a con
i siderable distance away, and made only
| a faint attempt to avenge the murder of
! the brave ofhcer.
John Hopkinson, who lives about B<
ty-flve f<-<-t from Haynes' cabin, testified
that he telephoned to the police tint the
.-ir;;tU- tink.-r was on the warpath.. Wil
kinson and Kennedy subsequently ap- ■
i peared, and, afn r learning the cause > t
the trouble, proceeded to arrest Eiaynes.
Kennedy went to the tatter's cabin and
rapped "fur admittance. Haynes threw
open the door and placing his revolver
under Kennedy's nose ordered him to "get
out." Kennedy lost no tun.- in complying '
with his reqaest, and walking over to
! Wilkinson he told him of his reception.
Wilkinson then essayed to arrest the mur
derous tinker, but when Haynes aimed
bis revolver ai him he promptly took to
his heels. A few minutes later Burke ap
peared and was warned by the witness to
look out for Haynes. as he was a dan- 1
man. The brave lieutenant replied i
that lie was able to take care of himself, |
and at once started tor Hnynes' cabin, i
After he had been shot Marlowe and Ken- :
nedy retreated to a place of safety and
began shooting at Haynes. Wilkinson got !
behind his house and blazed away at the ]
tinker. Marlowe, after emptying his re
v< Iver, called for somebody to take
Burkes body away, as he was afraid to
do it himself. Mr. however, announced ;
! that he would "cover the door" to prevent
i the murderer from getting away. Hop
kinson then recounted how Haynes, who
was his neighbor, fired two shots at him •
! a short time prior to the killing of Burke.
Mrs. CaUihan, wb<> witnessed the shoot- i
I ing from her house, swore that after j
MADE THE HIT OF HIS LIFE
Fell During His Act ; Caught in a Chandelier and Bounded on
the Stage, With Smiles and Bows, Amid a Shower
of Broken Glass.
TORA. a little Japanese who performs on the end of a long: pole that Is
balanced on the shoulder of his acrobatic partner, Mizuna. at ths Co
lumbia Music Hall at Eddy and Mason street!;, turned an accident, that
for fi moment looked as though It might be serious. Into a pretty flnalo
of their wonderful balancing feat that brought him fame.
The stage of the music hall was not intended for acrobatic exhibitions
and down the center of It hangs a large and glittering chandelier contain
ing a myriad incandescent lights. The Royal Tokio acrobats, of which
Tora is a member, came to the city without having first secured an en
gagement at any of the regular amusement places where such perform
ances are specialties, and they tqok the first opening that was offered. In
their pole balancing feats the acrobats are obliged to dodge all around the
chandelier.
On Wednesday night little Tora was squirming about on the end of tho
balanced pole, twenty-five feet in the air, apparently enjoying himself and
amazing the audience, when Mizuna, who was balancing the pole on his
shoulder, slipped. The pole began to totter and Mizuna was unable to
save the little fellow on the top of it from a fall. Some ladies in the audi
ence screamed and men shuddered at the impending catastrophe. Tora
felt the pole going from under him but he retained his presence Oi mind,
and with a graceful swing Jumped for the chandelier. It was about fifteen
feet from the floor of the stage. There was a crash as he landed among
the incandescent lights and smashing glass fell in a shower about the head
of Mizuna. Tora was unhurt, but the chandelier was a wreck. The littlo
Jap waved his hand reas.*>>ringly at the audience, then, with a swing, he
bounded from his perch and turning a somersault as he went through the
air, landed smiling and bowing in the middle of the stage. The frightened
Mizuna hugged the lad in his delight at his escape from injury, while the
men cheered and the women wept in their gladness.
ANOTHER NATIVE DAUGHTER CHOSEN
MISS EVA DENNISON of Sacramento, Who Will
ADDear in "Trilbu."
The latest aspirant to histrionic honors from California, which has fur
nished more than its quota of prominent actresses to the stage, is Miss
Eva Dennison of Sacramento. She has been engaged by Manager T. Daniel
Prawley, and will make her first professional appearance in the revival
of "Trilby," to be given at the Columbia next week. Miss Dennison Is the
daughter of Dan Dennison, the well-known horseman of the capital city,
and who was at one time actively engaged In business in San Francisco.
Miss Dennison is young, petite and graceful, and has an attractive person
ality. Furthermore, she is self-possessed, and if she fulfills the promise
of her amateur work will prove an acceptable addition to the list of profes
sionals.
The young lady will appear as Honorine, and her friends expect her
to do justice to their estimation of her abilities.
Burkp'g body had been taken away by
Cas»hel, the " patrol wigon driver, she]
a boy call to one of the officers to
.nit' 1 as everything was all right. '■
Tin- officer then emerged from her yard.
,! a pistol in his right hand. The
a was unable to Identify any of the
policemen >h.- saw leaving her yard. i
Miss Nellie Johnson tnstilied she heard i
Cashel call to the scampering policemen
to assist him in taking Lieutenant Burkes
body out of the range of fire. Jsot any or
them resp< Caahel was com-;
pelled to do the work unassisted. Further
bearing In the ease was continued until i
o'clock this evening.
During the proc< -dings Chief Lees vain
ly att< tnpted to shield the accused officers. I
His questions to the witnesses were to
show thai the men did not desert Burke,
but that the latter had acted in a fool
hardy manner.
BAD SCHOOL FACILITIES.
Residents of Noe Valley Indignant
Over the Actions of the
School Board.
Residents of Noe Valley are indignant
over the manner in which the School
Board has provided for the children in
that district. At the last meeting of the
board, prior to adjournment for the an
nual vacation, a committee from tho West
of Castro-street Improvement Club ap
peared and culled attention to the fact
that the present school building is not
large enough by half to accommodate the
children of the district. They also point
ed out a building conveniently located,
which Is large enough to accommodate all
the children turned away from the regu
lar schoolhouae. A promise was made
that this, or some other building, would
;ted to accommodate the overflow.
Instead of keeping to their promise, how
ever, tf 1 >_- members of the board rented
seven small buildings scattered tirough
out the district, each of which was large
■] to accommodate one cl.ips and the
result is that the children are scattered all
through the district. Jt is also said that
tho sanitary condition of many of the
buildings is very bad and they are alto
gether unfitted for occupation as schools.
Three New Corporations.
The Sheepherder Gold Mining Company
Incorporated yestenluv with a -Mnital
stor-k of $150,000. The directors are Fred
erick Wllkie, Sands W. Forman, David J.
Grrger. W. F. Rudoljih and A. F. Green.
Articles of incorporation of "The Union
Warehduses" were filed yesterday. George
W. McNear, George W. McNear Jr.. P.
wles, Seward H. McNear and Donald
V. Campbell arc signed as directors. M.
V. Osborn, <;'.>r,r< I\ Julian. P. F. Mertes,
A. Merrltt, J. C. <"airn.s, K. B. Pat
terson and F. V. Bell have incorporated
the Southern Development Company. The
ration was organized for tre pur
pose of conducting a general mining Ttusf
ness. The capital stock is $100,000, of
which J1750 has been subscribed.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
M Jttffiß&M® The trouble with
M ysf ~ t. ja us nowadays is, that
eis?*P'£«^ '^v^a nra^ yes - f^e fer-
n SSijfB»sa inine portion of our
m!««wS*arlL society is especially
y&sftW~ raM^RJa culpable in this way.
riWR J w^ **■ ™ reallj' a wonder
' / H;ii*^Si tbat women are as
Z^^Kafilar healtnv as lhev are -
t^iw^ Very few women get
ti jhwSs a py outdoor exer-
HpiM wr y cc ' se< Yer 5' m^ny get
ili'raniif no exerc ' se at all.
Helfii *?t h Modes of dressing
/wclP*^§Ml : inter^ ere w i tn tne
■ git proper muscular
vMb^^t&r action and with th?
l&fcifcfJv&t circulation of the
. W&&ZL~SIr .-blood., All the hy-
\j^*j._ gienic' 1 laws are bro-
ten - It > s Httle won-
Xfc^***ij^i • der that nine women
... in : ten are . troubled
with some derangement or irregularity in
the action of the organs distinctly feminine.
Neglect and wrong living will show them-
selves first, in the most delicate organs of
the whole body. With such weakness and
sickness so prevalent, it is to be expected
that the bearing of children would be
fraught with dread and danger. It should
not be so, of course. Nature never meant
it to be so. The performance of the high-
est finction of which a woman is capable
should not be accompanied by pain. If
perfectly natural living were , the rule, it
would not be so. ' As lives. are lived, some-
thing else must be done. A remedy must
be found. For over thirty years. Dr. Pierce
bas been chief consulting physician to the
Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute, of
Buffalo, N. Y. During that time he has
treav#d thousands of t women. ' He has
found in his " Favorite Prescription " a
never-failing specific for female complaints.
It strengthens the whole body and when
taken during gestation, shortens the period
of labor and makes childbirth' well-nigh
painless. ' It also promotes an abundant
pecretion of nourishment for the child.
IA/. X. HESS,
: ROTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY- AT LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, .Glaus Spreckels Bids.
.... . . Telephone . Brown 931.
Residence. ; ill California st.. below PowelL
Ban Francisco. •■ ■ .
Wilt's Indian rVeeßtable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands' of persons who
have used them for over forty -years .to cure
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS,. CONSTIPA-
TION. Torpid - Liver. -Weak . Stomach. Pimples
and purify the blood. .- ■ • • ■ '
Oman's Specific Mixture
- With • this » remedy '_ persons can - cure . them-
selves without the least , exposure, change of
diet or change in application to business. The
medicine ; contains . nothing of the least Injury
to the constitution. Ask your druggist for It.
[ Price, {1 a bottle.
•. "" ADVEB.TISEMENTS. .
■*-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-*-
? . ?
! A General I
o .0
A-* - - A
I Reduction I
T • - • ■ * ■■ - t -A ;.
o V s o
0 Throughout ;|"
S| . All Departments! I
o o
♦ Additional reductions have ?
♦ been made to our remaining |
♦ summer stock. We anticipate -j •
♦ shipments of our Fall Goods ♦.
♦ shortly, and of necessity must J
♦ make "room for them. ; , J-._
I Silk Department. I
} 75c 1500 yards COLORED BEXGA- O
♦ 49C LINES AND FAILLE FRAN- i'
O CAISE SILK, regular value o - '^
A - |1 60. will be closed out at 75c 4.
q a yard. O
£ C! Ckf\ 1200 yards FANCY PLAID £
0 I »UU TAFFETA SILK, regular . O
▼ value $1 50 and SI 75. will be t .
O closed out at V a yard. v
I Colored Dress Dep't. .1
o AT 25c 41 pieces 44-inch CREPON-q
° A I ZOC ETTE FRENCH DRESS "
▼ / GOODS, summer color- ▼ .
0 ' ings, reduced from 76c a o
♦ yard to 25c a yard. T
o o
♦ AT KA/» S7 pieces El-inch FINE +
O AT OUC ALL-WOOL ENGLISH J .
4 TWEED SUITING, regu- T.
O -■V-'^. "Vi lar price |1 23 a yard, will J
a .. be offered at 50c a yard. V
5 IT *7tZr* 29 ■ pieces 46-inch TWO- O
♦ A I iOC TONED FRENCH CRE- ♦"
O PON SUITING, stylish O
♦ . '■ * . shades, former price $1 25 *
O a yard, will be offered at O
+ ;.;-^: ■ 75c a yard. ♦
I Ladies' Silk Dress Skirts. I
? ;fe At $5.00. ?
9 LADIES 1 ' BLACK BROCADED SILK ?
♦ DRESS SKIRTS, lined with silk serge, 1
O and bound with velvet, worth $10, will O
♦ be placed on sale at $5 each. ♦
0 O •
? Ladies' Underskirts. ?
♦ , At $2.50. ?
4 LADIES' ALL-WOOL MOREEN UN- O
1 DERSKIRTS. assorted colors, Spanish T
" flounce with corded ruffle, worth $3 00, O
♦ 2 will be placed on sale at $2 50 each. , • ♦
0 O •
5 Ladies' Vests. s >
? AT TRtr' 100 dozen LADIES' SWISS o
♦ Ali UV RIBBED VESTS. low a
O neck, no sleeves, 15c each, X
♦ worth $3 per dozen, white V
O — and ecrue. *
x -O
O ♦
o[f [f Murphy Building', jf $ q"
? Mariet and Jones Streets. %
0 o
•*-o-*-o-»-o-»-o -♦• o -♦- o -♦-o -♦- o -♦-
.
♦o-»-o-»-c-*-o -*-o-* o -♦- o ♦o ♦ o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-
? -ASS f!S^^ °
! WOULD YOU BUY r
C A BARGAIN? Wei!, here is your ?
a chance. We must reduce our lines as T
1 we find several conflict. Ladles' Finest "
V Quality Virl Kid Lace Shoes, black ♦
cloth tops, straight foxed, new O
O coin toes and straight patent ♦
T leather tips and . guaranteed gen- O
O vine hand-welted soles; no tacks or 4.
4 threads, no breaking in. but an ele- ~>
•q gant first-class shoe; reduced from }i i
V to J2 45. Every pair guaranteed. J
° , • ra °
1 A SPECIAL BARGAIN AFTER ?
i STOCK-TAKING. , 2
♦ Children's and Mleses' Vlcl Kid Lace O
O Shoes, black silk embroidered. Vesting ♦ '
4 cloth tops, new coin toes and tips and +
o spring heels. • ■ o
"f Child's sizes. 8 to 10^ •••? 1 O5 'a.
♦ Misses' sizes, 11 to 2 ! 91 SO .X
O Sold before regularly for $160 and $2. V
O :o^f
V We will forward free to any person ♦ '
♦ living in the country who will 6end O
O us the names and addresses of 10 of -a
♦ their neighbors a 16-page colored Atlas X
0 of the World, valued at $1 50. ,*£
A 1 ..- ♦
n ; ' ©
V Come around and examine our bar- 4. '
x gain counter. q
1 Country orders solicited. . ■Z.
▼ Send for Illustrated Catalogue. V
O ♦
? B. KATCHINSKI, I
% PHILADELPHIA SHOE COMPANY, O
° 10 THIRD ST., San Francisco. o '
o ♦
-•- o -♦• o ■♦• o •♦■ o ■•- o-»-o>-o-»-o^
traOTOOBAPHB3> THEN E W
■ llflvlw lOUiDay- /Ma
THE ABOVE RESULTS.IaOth Day-
It quickly and surely re- _- 1 A, h Dfl _
moves Nervousnoss. Impotency, I a\jv±*"*f .
Nightly Emissions, Evil Dreams, J — , .
Wasting diseases and all effects «* Belf-ahase o»
excess and indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality,
Power and Falling Memory. Winds off Insanity . .
and consumption. Cores when all others fail. Insist . A
on baring VITAT.IS. no other. Can be carried in
the vest pocket. By mail $1.00 per package orsU
tor $5.00 with a guarantee to Cure orltefuiMi
the Money. Circular Free. Address _ _
CALUMET MEDICINE CO-, CHICAGO, ILL
Sold kby Owl - Drue Co.. San Francisco . and
Oakland.