VOLUME LXXXIIL— NO. 126.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE
WILL PRECIPITATE WAR
Christobal Colon.
THE POPE HAS
OFFERED SPAIN
HIS MEDIATION.
Gladly Accepted by the Queen-
Regent, but the Newspapers
Do Not Take It So
Kindly.
Copyrighted. lSr*, by James Gordon Bennett.
MADRID. April 4.— 1 have absolute authority for saying that the Gov
ernment has accepted a proposition which is a step toward peace.
General Woodford is satisfied with Spain's reply. There was a Cab
t meeting yesterday morning, at which all the Ministers were pres
ent and the decision arrived at was to take a peaceful view. I was
; able yesterday to telegTaph you all the details of the news which
was mine, as it would not have beenallowed to pass the censor.
It was yesterday mentioned that tne Queen Regent summoned her
Ministers, Senors Sagasta, Gullon and Moret, and informed them that the
Pope had offered mediation and advised that Spain should at once grant
an armistice, as requested by the United States, thus ending the ques
tion of peace or war in favor of peace.
In the afternoon the Austrian Embassador called upon Mr. Woodford
and gave his assurances that he would guarantee that Spain would carry
out her portion of the contract, which is to do everything in her power
to restore harmony in Cuba during the time the armistice lasted.
The Spanish Government has been afraid to grant an armistice on ac
count of the army, but the Pope advises the army as a father and bids
it cease fighting.
Spain only asks one thing in return for this concession. That is, that
the United States should meet her half way by simultaneously withdraw
ing her warships in Cuban waters.
HOME, April 4.— The Vatican refuses to publish the text of the com
munications which have passed between the Pontiff and Madrid, but the
statement that his Holiness has asked Spain to arrange for a suspension
of hostilities in Cuba is confirmed.
The Osservatore Romano, reviewing the situation unofficially, says:
"We must regard America's demands as excessive, especially as Spain
has proposed to submit the whole administration question to the insular
parliament. It is difficult to perceive on what pretext Washington could
declare war, even if bo disposed; and we have confidence that the wisdom
and moderation of President McKinley, with the practical common sense
of the Americans, will avert the horrors of war."
The Italia, confirming the report as to the communications that have
passed between the Vatican and the Spanish government, says: "The
prospect that mediation will eventually be offered is not excluded, but
the greatest difficulty will be to induce the United States to accept the
Pope as arbitrator." .
MADRID, April 4.— The Liberal
'Republican) referring to the Pope's
.ntervention between Spain and Cuba
Bays that it wants the "assurance
that the Pope's mediation is not a
pretext for the United States to ob
tain a delay of some months, with
the view of recommencing later the
struggle against Spain within and
without Cuba."
The Liberal further remarks that
it does not lose sight of the fact that
the Pope's mediation tacitly admits
the American right to interfere in
Spanish affairs in the interest of
peace; and expresses the beiief that
the Government will be obliged to ds
:lare that mediation does not mean]
The San Francisco Call
Alfonso XIII.
THE NEW SPANISH FLYING SQUADRON.
conceding through a foreign hand
what Spain declines to concede to the
United States direct, explaining that
"Spain's effective sovereignty must
not depend upon the Pope's will "
The Imparcial (Independent) "hails
with satisfaction the Pope's media
tion between the Spanish and Cuba,
The Globe says: "A new political
party has developed in America in
Archbishop Ireland, Cleveland and
President McKiniey, and asks, can it
overcome the jingoesf
The revolutionary Pais welcomes
peace from whatever quarter it comes
as enabling Spain to repair the ma
terial losses of two cruel wars.
"But," the Pais adds, "the peace
SAX FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, APRIL 5, 1898 — TWENTY PAGES.
Emperador Carlos V.
must be honorable, otherwise it will
The Pais then strikes a warning
note, saying "the Pope is in favor of
Cuban independence."
TO TAKE AMERICANS
FROM CUBA'S CAPITAL.
HAVANA, April 4.— The Mangrove
and the Bache are expected here to
morrow to take to Key "West such
Americans as desire to go. Consul-
General Lee has been authorized to hire
merchant vessels. If necessary, and will
probably employ the steamer Florida,
of the coa-st line, due here to-morrow;
the Mascotte, which is due here Wednes
day; and the Olivette, which Is due for
an extra trip on Thursday. The Fern
will remain here so far as is known.
NEWS OF THE DAY.
Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Fair on Tuesday, with In
creasing cloudiness in the afternoon;
southerly wind.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Franci3co 90 degrees
Portland 68 degrees
Los Angeles 78 degrees
San Diego 6S degrees
Sacramento 76 degrees
FIRST PAGE. .
The Message Means War.
Pope j Leo Works for Peace.
Hold Spain for the Maine.
SECOND PAGE.
More Money for Big Guns.
Let Americans Leave Cuba.
For Temporary Fortifications.
Fighting the San Jose Gang.
Chasing the Train P^obbera.
Works of Art for San Jose.
Toung Californlan Attempts Suicide.
War Cannot Be Averted.
THIRD PAGE.
Senator Perkins Is for War.
Sold Mines to Spain.
More Auxiliary Warships.
Powers in Favor of Peace.
Spain's Naval Preparation*.
FOURTH PAGE.
The Awful Flood Disaster.
Prelate Comes Back to Life.
England Gets Wel-Hai-Wel.
War of Races at Milpltas.
Imprisoned Whalers Hoard From.
Purveyors Off for the North.
New Managers at Nana Asylum.
FIFTH PAGE.
J. K. Prior's Free Ride.
Racing at Emeryville.
Judge Morrow on the Law.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
The Flood Season in the East.
A Change in Jury Drawing.
The Masonic Festival.
Market Street Improvements.
Our Interests In China.
Dishonesty in Street Work.
Senator Perkins' American Views.
Stories From the Corridors.
Trip to the Heart of Asia.
Answers to Correspondents.
SEVENTH PAGE
News From Across the Bay.
The Anti-Saloon League.
Witness Dudy Was Warned.
EIGHTH PAGE.
Bold Hold-Up on Brannan Street.
NINTH PAGE.
Births, Marriages and Deaths.
TENTH PAGE.
Camels for the Masonic Fete.
Police Commissioners at Work.
Army and Navy Getting Ready
Sad Death of a Little Girl.
Features of the Theaters.
Street Jobbers' Field Day.
ELEVENTH PAGE 3.
Strike of the Job Printers.
A Hatter's Mysterious Suicide.
Last of the Helen Almy.
Work of the Supervisors.
NINETEENTH PAGE.
The Commercial World.
TWENTIETH PAGE.
Disasters in Alaska Waters.
•'Gas Meter" Burglar at Work.
An Irish Night in Parliament.
Nevada Bars California Cattle.
TO HOLD SPAIN
FOR THE LOSS
OF THE MAINE
Committees of Congress Will Not
Permit the Dons to Escape
Their Responsibilty.
NEW YORK. April 4.— The Her
ald's Washington " correspondent tele
graphs: In accordance with the pro
gramme agreed upon at the conference
of the Republican members of the
House Committee on Foreign Affairs
last night and outlined exclusively in
the Herald this morning, when the com
mittee met to-day the Republicans act
ed as a unit and adjourned. The com
mittee is to meet at 10 o'clock on Wed
nesday morning unless called together
to-morrow by Mr. Adams, acting chair
man. Mr. Adams told the Democrats
that the President's message most cer
tainly would be in on Wednesday, and
perhaps to-morrow. He declined to
give the Democrats definite information
as to the character of the message.
The Democratic members appreciat
ed the fact that time was required to
prepare the message and promised to
counsel patience on their side of the
House. This promise was afterward
fulfilled by Representative Williams of
Mississippi, who, when Mr. Bailey was
endeavoring to make trouble for the
Republicans in the House, said that dis
closures had been made in the commit
tee which sealed the lips of the Repub
licans and Democrats alike.
A general understanding is being ar
rived at as to the outlines of the action
which shall be taken when the commit
tee acts on Wednesday. The destruc
tion of the Maine will be in no way
subordinated to the general situation in
Cuba. On the contrary, it is the pres
ent disposition of the majority of the
committee to make the destruction of
the Maine and the slaughter of her of
ficers and men the prominent grounds
for action, and to subordinate to some
extent at least the Cuban situation.
Some of the members of the com
mittee would go so far as to leave
out altogether any recognition of the
independence of Cuba, and take action
looking to the expulsion of Spain
from Cuba and Porto Rico and the
lowering of the Spanish flag for all
time upon the Western Hemisphere.
The present indications ar-j that the
Senate and House Committee will act
along the same lines. There have been
conferences between the leading mem
bers of the committees and it is quite
probable the resolution which will be
reported to the Senate and House will
be identical in language.
The resolution proposed by Senator
Foraker will probably be made the
basis of action so far as it relates to
Maria Theresa.
WOODFORD TO
BE WITHDRAWN.
NEW YORK, April 4.— The
Herald's Washington correspon
dent sends the following: In an
ticipation of the President's mes
sage making diplomatic relations
with Spain no longer possible, all
arrangements, as previously
stated to the Herald, have been
made for the withdrawal of our
representatives in Spain and
Cuba. Our interests will be
turned over to the British rep
resentatives.
The formal withdrawal of Min
ister Woodford will probably
come simultaneously with the
transmission of the President's
message. The message will make
such a vigorous arraignment of
Spain that it will be impossible
to expect a continuance of diplo
matic relations with that coun
try even though some time may
elapse before a formal declara
tion of war from either side.
As to the result of the Presi
dent's firm message, it means
nothing short of forcible inter
vention. War is considered in
evitable by those familiar with
its contents.
the recognition of Cuba and interven
tion. The resolution finally reported,
however, will, as stated above, bring
the Maine affair to the front in the
strongest light.
The report of the Court of Inquiry
showing, as it does, beyond doubt
that the Maine, after having been
moored by the Spanish Harbor Mas
ter at a buoy where no ship had been
placed for a long time, was blown up
by a submarine mine, has convinced
the members of the committee that
Spain's responsibility for this act
was so direct as to make it virtually
n hostile act, and one with which
there seems to be no way of dealing
except by war.
No monetary indemnity would satisfy
Congress for the loss of the Maine, and
the members believe the only way sat
isfaction can be obtained for this affair
is by compelling the withdrawal of
Spain from the western hemisphere.
The Senate Committee on Foreisn
Relations resumed its sittings to-day,
Continued on Second Fa**.
IT WILL BE
AMERICAN IN
EVERY WORD
Puts the Case So Strongly
Congress Must Declare
for Intervention.
Spain to Be Held for the Maine's
Destruction and Pope Leo's
Mediation Finds Little
Favor,
NEW YORK, April 4.— A Washington special to
tlie Herald says : Senators Elkins, Hanna, Spooner.
Fairbanks, Platt of New York and Hoar of Massachusetts,
who are unquestionably familiar with the views of the
President, to-day assured their colleagues and others
with whom they discussed the subject that the President
has finally decided that the time has come for action, and
unless some unlooked-for change in the situation occurs
before Wednesday morning he will send a ringing mes
sage to Congress and the country which will merit the
approval of every lover of Old Glory.
Senator Elkins says if all efforts for a peaceful solu
tion of the problem fail we might as well prepare for a
long and expensive war, and not stop at the independence
of Cuba but carry the war on until we subdue Spain
entirely and dispossess her of all her property on the
Western Hemisphere and also of the Philippine«lslands.
Senator Lodge, who is in frequent consultation with
the President and Judge Day, and at the same time an
ardent advocate of free Cuba, says he is now convinced
that the President will send a message to Congress which
will meet the approval of the most enthusiastic patriots
and will be positive notice to Spain that Cuban inde
pendence must be granted, even if force has to be resorted
to. Seuator Lodge says he does not believe the United
States will sanction the reported mediation of the Roman
church between the United States and Spain. He says
the United States is prepared to do its own mediating,
and any attempt on the part of the Catholic church to
interfere at this juncture will be resented in every section
of the country.
NEW YORK, April 4.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent tele
graphs: President McKinley has com
pleted his Cuban message, and, as ex
clusively stated in the Herald on last
Sunday, it will be sent to Congress at
noon on Wednesday.
It will be a vigorous arraignment
of Spain.
By implication it will show that the
time has come when it is the duty of
the United tstates to intervene and
end the war in Cuba.
It will leave Congress untrammeled
in the character of the action that
should be taken.
It will be a message that may not
please the extremists, nor will it meet
the views of the peace at any price
people. That it is strong and vigorous
.is perhaps best indicated by the fact that
two members of the Cabinet, who are
favorable to peace, object to some of
the sentiments which have been incor
porated in it by the chief executive.
The message is very long. It con
tains a recital of the events which have
made Cuba a desert, speaks of the ter
rible condition of the reconcentrados, of
the destruction done property, and de
clares that Spain is unable to suppress
the insurgents.
The facts which the President will
set forth will impress Congress, ad
ministration officials believe, with
the necessity of action.
Besides describing the present condi
tions existing in Cuba and reciting the
facts leading up to this condition, the
President will refer to the negotiations
which have been conducted in the past
with Spain, and will show that the Mad
rid Government has given the United
States the right to interfere in matters
concerning Cuba. He will give a state
ment of the demands he has made upon
Spain looking to the ending of the war
and the reply which he received from
the Sagasta Ministry.
To the Maine incident the Presi
dent will devote the feeling feature
of his document.
He will speak of the finding of the
American Court of Inquiry, reiterate
his action in forwarding the report to
Spain and state the answer made there
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
IRELAND
DEPRECATES
INTERVENTION.
LONDON, April s.— The Rome
correspondent of the Daily Mail
says: Archbishop Ireland has
cabled, deprecating a formal
offer of intervention and explain
ing that the Pope could only in
tervene successfully by recogniz
ing the Monroe doctrine, which
would be impolitic.
A rumor is current here that
Emperor William first broached
the idea of papal mediation, and
was warmly seconded by Aus
tria,
The solution the Vatican pro
poses is an armistice to save
Spanish troops during the rainy
season, allay excitement on both
sides and prepare the way for
Cuban independence in the au
tumn. Spain is agreeable to this,
but there is little hope that the
Cuban insurgents or their Ameri
can sympathizers will accede to
the proposal.
to, but the only comment which he will
make in connection with this matter will
be that it is horrible to think that a
man-of-war, on a peaceful mission to a
port of a friendly nation, should be de
stroyed by a submarine mine- of such
enormous power as that which blew up
the Maine.
He will point out this horrible in
cident as one of the most important
links in the chain of evidence which
establishes Spain's inability either to
protect the vessels of friendly pow
ers at anchor in her harbors or to
control the internal affairs of tho is
land of Cuba.
To Congress will be left the responsi
bility of action. The President will not
urge the recognition of the independ
ence of Cuba, nor will he formally re
commend intervention. But the facts
which he gives and which are given in
all their awful coloring are so presented2
MORE CASH FOR
BIG GUNS AND
AMMUNITION
McKJnley Attaches His Signature
to Another $1,000,000
AllotmeQt.
NEW YORK, April 4.— A Washington special to the Herald says:
To further Increase emergency supplies of ordnance and ammunition
for the vs'ar Department the President applied his signature to-day to
another $1,000,000 allotment which will be expended under the direction
of Brigadier-General Flagler, Chief of Ordnance. This money will be
r projectiles, ammunition, powder and probably for another
Id of rapid-fire .suns, which it is understood the ordnance department
has a' leted arrangements to purchase in Europe.
Agents <■( the department in London and on the Continent have
tigable in theif search for finished rapid-fire guns available
by the Government. There are several lots in the hands
Manufacturers which are intended for European countries,
but it is difficult to Frcure a release of foreign contracts in order that
.r;s may come into the hands of the United States. Forty-six
rapid-fire guns with carriages and about 300 rounds of ammunition for
each have thus far been obtained in Europe, the first lot of which is
in New York on Tuesday.
tiations for purchase and nil details of shipment have been con
ducted with great secrecy by the ordnance department, and the same
. is maintained with regard to the new contract, which is under
etood to be about closed.
There a' twenty gun? in the lot, which is expected by Tuesday.
.-. including fourteen rapid-fire guns, with carriages and
ammunition for the army, will arrive in Xew Orleans the latter part of
this week. The third shipment of twelve guns obtained from Brazil
should arrive next week.
As soon as these arrive they will be shipped to various seacoast
fortifications from Portland, Me., to Galveston, Tex. At all points
where the?<- lots of rapid-fire guns are to be mounted engineer offl
ve prepared emplacements to receive them and the engineer de
partment can do no more in this direction until the guns arrive. It is
understood that additional contracts are to be let by the ordnance de
partment for small arms, ammunition, caliber 30, and for projectiles and
brown and smokeless powder. Increased supplies of Krag-Jorgensen
rifles and cartridges will have to be furnished for the new infantrymen
authorized by the army reorganization bllL
• he has no doubt of what Congress
do.
the matti ' ■ to-night, there
: a premature outburst in
either h< -.press, and should
President's come up to
tati ■ ■ there is reason t>>
b< lieve that the administration and both
will move forward
with substantial unanimity. F.i Torts may
be made in both houses to delay action
by unlimited debate, but. should it ap
pear that Spain was taking advantage
oh delay to concentrate her naval
■ - at strategic points, pressure for
immediate action would be so strong
that it is not probable either house
would long resi-t it.
There has been much talk to-day
about a possible peaceful solution of the
:i problem before the President's
message goes to Congress. This is based
largely upon rumors of attempted medi
by the European powers, and by
'ope. It is now officially admitted
he Pope has offered mediation and
that ■< was through his influence that
led in Havana yes
terday urging an armistice.
In fact, I am told that this was the
subject of a lengthy cablegram re
ceived last night from Minister Wood
ford. It was a message conveying in
formation to' the authorities here and
|jj • Ban armis
■ . • Spain w<.u!d withdraw her
troops provided the United States
::r warships from Cuban
waters.
YVoodford's cable indicated
that Spain was seeking to reopen dip
loi ' tiations for the purpose of
ig the President's message
I was assured by a member of the
Cabinet late to-night that the Presi
dent considered diplomatic negotia
tions closed. If there is mediation
l>y foreign power or by the Pope it
must be between Spain and in
- argents.
Unless Spain makes some definite
proposition, conceding the demands
ined in the note which was unfa
ibly responded to the President will
I ■ change his determination to droo
dip!" ■ ad await the action of Con-
It looks like war.
THE REVOLUTION OF 1688.
February 12 is the memorable anni
versary of the perfecting of the revo
lution of 1688. James II having with
his family withdrawn in terror to
Frai invention called by the
Prli 'range met on January 22,
nd preceded under his protec
tion to deliberate on the settlement of
the kingdom. To find that James had
abdicated was an easy matter; how to
dispose of the vacant throne was not
bo easy. There was a large party for a
regency; others wore disposed to ac
cept the Princess of Orange, the eldest
daughter of the as their sov
ereign. It was not till after much de
bating and a threat of the Prince to
go b'tck to Holland anil leave them to
settle their own affairs that the con
vention at length on February 12
adopted the resolution: "That William
and Mary, Prince and Princess of Or
ange, be declared King and Queen of
England, Prance and Ireland, and the
dominions thereunto belonging." Th*>
CVOWH was next day offered to them In
, the banqueting-room at Whitehall and
accepted, and the revolution was com
plete. Mary had arrived in London so
recently as the 11th, by which time It
was tolerably certain that she and her
husband were to be nominated toajoint
sovereignty.
However glad she might be at her
husband's Fuecessful expedition, how
ever excited by the prospect of being
a Regent Queen of England, the cr'sis
was one calculated to awaken softer
feelings. She was displacing a father;
her husband was extruding un uncle.
"It was believed," says Evelyn, "that
both, especially the Princess, would
have showed some seeming reluctance
of assuming her father's crown, and
made some apology, testifying by her
ret that he should by his misman
agement necessitate the nation to so
raordinary a proceeding; which
would have shown very handsomely to
the world. Nothing of all this ap
pr-ared. Phe came into Whitehall,
'aughing and jolly, as to wedding,
so as to seem quite transported. She
rose early the next morning, and in
her undress, as was reported,
before her women were up, went about
• from room to room to see the conven
ience of Whitehall; lay in the same bed
where the late Queen lay; and, within
a night or two, sat down to play at
basset, as the Queen, her predecessor,
used to do. She smiled upon and talk
ed to everybody. inls carriage was
< -nsured by many." It now appears
t Mary acted under orders from her
1 usband, who wished to give a check
lo those who desired to see his wife
made sole monarch and deemed her ill
used because he was associated with
her. Lord Macaulay even makes It
out to be a fine case of self-devotion on
the part of the Queen.—Spare Mo
ments.
CHARTER CLUB
LABOR'S FRIEND
Its Success Would Ben
efit Working Classes
of San Jose.
-
Election of Honest Men Certain
to Result in Decreased
Taxes.
Silly Claim of the "Gang" That It
Seeks to Aid the City's
Toilers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, April One of the spe
cious and false arguments made by
the "gang" and its organ in support of
the "gang" ticket Is that, under the ex
travagant regime of the corruptionists,
work has been provided for laboring
men. The election of the Rea ticket,
which masquerades under the title of
the People's Municipal Ticket, it is
claimed, will mean a continuance of
employment for working men.
In all these arguments great care is
taken to avoid all mention of the fact
that in nearly all cases where men
have been employed on work for the
city they have had to pay for their job,
wait indefinitely for their pay, or dis
count their warrants. It has very sel
dom happened that there was money in
the treasury to pay them at the time
when they completed their work. Nor
has any mention ever been made by
the "gang" supporters of the fact that
the work obtained from the city was
intermittent and of comparatively short
duration. These are facts and circum
stances that every workingman living
in San Jose knows, and they should be
thoroughly considered by workingmen
when they go to the polls on April 11.
On the other hand they should also
consider what will be the result, so far
as they are concerned, should the New
Charter Club ticket be elected, and good
and economical government thereby
be established in the city of San Jose.
With changed conditions in the mat
ter of taxation, and in the administra
tion of the city's affairs on business
principles, would come improved con
ditions for every individual living in
San Jose, and the workingman would
not be the least affected. Lower taxes,
intelligent public improvements and all
those things that go to make up pro
gressive municipal government will
draw capital to San Jose, will give an
impetus to existing enterprises, will en
courage the establishment of new in
dustries, will enhance the value of
property, and employment will be pro
vided for every industrious and compe
tent man the year round and at good
wages.
The workingmen of San Jose are
among the most intelligent within the
State, and with these contrasting pic
tures of what may be expected from
the election of the candidates on one or
the other ticket now in the field placed
before them, it is not likely that they
will cast their vote for men who are
opposed to their best interests. They
will perceive that only in the election
of the entire New Charter Club ticket
can they look forward to steady em
ployment at good wages.
Boss Rea has now got down to doing
street-corner olitlcs. He does not
disdain to stand on the curb and at
tempt to delude the passing voter. One
of his favorite tricks is to - take the
ticket of the New Charter Club and
feign to analyze it. Rea knows the
political faith of nearly every. voter in
town. In talking to a Republican he
analyzes the Good Government ticket,
to which he is opposed, so as to make
it appear to be composed of nearly all
Democrats. A contrary showing is
made. when he buttonholes a Democrat.
Pursuing his customary campaign
work, Rea has slated for the knife six
members of the appointing board on
the ticket which he caused to be put in
the field. Fourteen members are to be
voted for, but eight constitute a ma
jority, and the majority has the power
to make all appointments on the five
boards that the appointing, board is to
create. By "single-shotting" eight men
Rea hopes he may be able to pet a ma
jority of the board who will do his
bidding without question.
The eight men by whom Rea Intends
to stand are the following: P. P. Aus
tin, A. G. Bennett, H. Booksin Sr.,
Rush McComas, J. K. Secord, Francis
K. Spenoer; Frank ''tock and v: CD.
Wright. Those who are to be slaugh
tered are the following: . Milton Camp
bell, E. E. Chase. Al G. Col, H. J,
Fiken, D. Hatman and John Leffier.
This information comes from a ■ man
{ close to the boss. ;.
THE SA^T FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 5, 1898.
GOING TOWARD
FRESNO FLATS
Regan and His Compan
ion Seen at a Small
Village.
Call at a Miner's Cabin and
Partake of Bacon and
Beans.
Pursuers Waiting fop Hunger to
Force the Eandits 10 Expo 6©
Themselves.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MERCED, April 4.— Deputy Sheriff
Sam Dickinson at La Grande was noti
fied this morning that the Cross Creek
train robbers were seen late on Satur
day night near Ben Hur, a small vil
lage near Pea Ridge Postofflce in Ma
dera County. They called at a miner's
cabin and begged food. Only one of
the men entered the house. The other
remained out in the darkness while the
miner prepared some bacon and beans
for the famished pair. They ate the
meal outside and disappeared as soon
as they had finished. The miner saw
only the one person who applied for
the food, the other man remaining out
side all the time.
The point where the bandits were
seen is on a direct line from Indian
Gulch to the Fresno "Flats, where Re
gan has many friends and relatives.
As scon as Dickinson received the
news he sent word to his bandit-hunt
ing companion, George Youkum, to
Join him, and late this afternoon they
started for the place, where the rob
bers were seen, to take up the chase.
The robbers are traveling at a rate of
about ten miles a day, and it is thought
that they cover most of the distance
at night. They are going In almost a
direct line south and keeping well up
in the foothills. Most of the officers
who were in pursuit have returned,
and when the news came from Een
Hur yesterday there were, no officers
in that vicinity.
The Sheriffs of the valley counties
are holding themselves in readiness to
take to the mountains in pursuit at a
moment's notice, expecting almost
every day to receive word that the
robbers have been corraled and that
assistance is needed to force them to
surrender.
The hunt has become a waiting one.
All the friends of Regan in Fresno
Flats have been warned not to harbor
him, and Inducements are being held
out to them to notify the officers the
moment the fugitives have settled in
pny place in the vicinity where they
might think themselves free from pur
suit.
TO HOLD SPAIN
FOR THE LOSS
OF THE MAINE
Continued from First Page.
taking up the general Cuban situation.
While the committee has arrived at def
inite conclusions as to the basis of its
report and the resolutions it will recom
mend to the Senate, there are still many
details to be considered.
Senator Davis has prepared a report
to accompany the resolutions, and it is
understood the other members of the
committee went over it with him to-day,
suggesting such modifications as the in
dividual members thought nroper to be
made. This report will deal with the
situation in vigc^ous language, and it is
understood that much will be made in it
of the Maine disaster.
The committee has accepted the
finding of the Court of Inquiry, so
far as it goes, but they have exer
cised their prerogative of extending
the inquiry and of drawing conclu
sions in advance of those drawn by
the Maine court.
This report will be in the nature of an
address to the country, in justification of
the resolutions to be reported by the
committee, and as it will be ~ut in the
terse and yet fervid style of Senator Da
vis, it is expected by Cuban sympathiz
ers in the Senate that it will have a
strong effect.
The committee now expects to be able
to report on the same day the Presi
dent's message is received, and mem
bers of the committee still look for a
message that will be in perfect accord
with their resolution and a declaration
favorable to intervention. If this should
prove to be the case they will be pre
pared to report forthwith.
The President has been informed of
the probable character of the commit
tee report, but what, if any, comment he
has made has not been public. Senator
Davis, chairman of the committee, ex
pressed the opinion that the message
of the President would be received to
morrow, but he said he had no author
itative information on this point and
it might be delayed until Wednesday.
Bam Katahdin Ordered to Sea.
PHILADELPHIA, April 4.— Orders
from Secretary Long reached League
Island navy-yard to-day for the ram
Katahdin to leave the yard as soon as
she could be got ready. Commander
Wilde has sealed orders, which are not
to be opened until deep water is
reached.
Named. Diogenes.
LONDON, April 4.— The United States
officials here have been reticent concern
ing thn najne to be borne by the Ameri
can cruiser purchased last Saturday from
the Thames Iron Works. She now bears
the unique name Diogenes, but the Gov
ernment will undoubtedly change It. A
large force was at work all day and into
the night coaling and provisioning her,
and it is expected that the work will be
completed to-morrow.
San Diego's Normal School.
SACRAMENTO, April 4.— The State
Board of Capitol Commissioners met to
day and deferred consideration of the
plans for the State normal school at San
Diego, on account of a long prou-^t which
they wish to examine. State Treasurer
Rackliffe asked the Governor what course
to pursue, and was told that he could buy
the books In stock. If he could find them,
and that a man from San Francisco
would probably soon call at hte office to
examine hla books, and he would soon
thereafter be Informed that they were In
Btock. The books will cost over $400.
FOR TEMPORARY
FORTIFICATIONS
Passage of a Significant
Bill in the House of
Representatives.
Bailey of Texas Demurs in
Vain, but Secures Applause
Frcm the Galleries.
However, the Democratic Leader
Admits That Uncle Sam Should
Prepare lor War.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs Houpse,
Washington, April 4. .
While there was no attempt to force i
consideration of a resolution regarding
the Cuban situation in the House, there
was a brief outbreak, in the course of
which the warlike temper of the crowd
ed galleries was so manifest ' that
Speaker Reed threatened to clear them |
if it was repeated. The outbreak oc- !
curred over a bill to authorize the Pres- i
ident to erect temporary fortifications
in case of emergency upon land when
the written consent of the owners was
obtained, without awaiting the long
process of " legislative ■ consideration.
This led to a demand by Bailey, the j
Democratic leader, for information as ;
to the facts which warranted all these
war measures. The particular state
ment which aroused the galleries was
to the effect that while the Democrats i
were willing to wait any reasonable :
time for the President to transmit a
message that would meet the approval !
of the American people, they would
not wait a minute for him to continue '■
negotiations with the butchers of I
Spain. When the demonstration in the
galleries was rebuked by the Speaker i
.Bailey said that the galleries were the
American people in miniature. Cannon
accused Bailey of "posturing" and
playing to the galleries.' The bill was
passed and it was arranged that the
army reorganization bill should ,; be
taken up on Wednesday, unless a re- ■,
port was made from the ConinJttee on
Foreign Affairs.
Baney called attention to the fact j
that on several occasions within the i
last thirty days the House had been
called upon to vote upon several prop
ositions which indicated that war was ;
directly ahead of us. Yet, he said.
Congress^ was not in possession of any
fact which warranted this belief. He
had voted, he said, for the extra- i
ordinary $50,000,000 appropriation, but
he had voted for it under the impres
sion that we were perilously near to
war. If a Democratic President had
asked a Democratic House to author
ize such an expenditure without con- i
trol or limitation, he should have de
nied it. He should have demanded the .
estimates. But in this case, believing I
that danger was near at hand, he had
voted for it. Much of the vast appro
priation had already been expended,
yet information except such as came
through newspapers was withheld. To- I
< day the House was asked to meet an- j
| other emergency. Last Wednesday, j
when the House wAs asked to meet the !
vital question, the majority had re- ;
j fused to meet it. ; It was then every
i where announced that the President
would be prepared to send a message
to Congress to-day. The House ad
journed Friday until to-day with that
impression. Yet. now every well-in
formed man knew there was none to
i day. When was the message to come
in, he asked.
"It seems to me important," said he,
"that the House and the country
should know what' the Government
is doing  and intends to do. We
ought not to be asked to vote blindly.
If the occasion warrants it, we are
j ready to vote for every proper
j measure to prepare for war, and if war
comes we are ready to vote for every
measure designed to prosecute it to a
successful conclusion."
A perfect storm of applause swept
the galleries, which the Speaker had
considerable difficulty in subduine.
The Speaker warned the galleries that
no demonstration of approval or dis
approval would be permitted. But
the next utterance of Bailey redoubled
the applause.
"Those galleries," said Bailey, wav
ing his hands above the thronged gal
leries, "are but a miniature of the
American people. If Congress could
face the galleries of the people they
would force thi3 nouse to action."
This time the Speaker sternly warned
the galleries that if the demonstration
was repeated he would order them
cleared.
"Oh, I think that would hardly be
fair," interposed Steele (R.) of Indiana.
"The gentleman is only talking to tha
galleries." [Laughter.]
Maguire of California: "Mr. Speaker,
The gentleman from Illinois (Cannon)
stated that the pending measure is not
intended to meet a present emergency
and that its efrect is not confined to
times of actual war. It makes a per
manent change in the law, giving un
usual power to the President of the
United States to put the country on a
war footing at his discretion. It seems
to me that we have gone far enough in
that direction. We have gone far
enough toward abdicating the consti
tutional power of Congress to declare
war, to provide for the common de
fense and to regulate the land and
naval forces of the United States. I am
willing to vote for a resolution putting
such power in the hands of tl ! chief
executive temporarily in time of war,
but I insist that such extraordinary
power should be confined to times of
actual warfare. My understanding of
the existing law is that the President
now has this very power in times of
war, so that the purpose of the resolu
tion is taking advantage of the present
war scare to clothe him with this im
portant power in times of peace. To
this I am opposed. It is simply an
other step in the scheme of centraliza
tion which this emergency is being used
to promote."
After some further debate, the bill
was passed.
NUTRIENTS IN MALT LTQTJORS.
Wine? and malt liquors, while contain
ing a far less amount of alcohol than the
distilled liquors, do contain a definite
amount of nutritive material. Perhaps
the best definition of beer as brewed to
day is that of a fermented saccharine in
fusion to which had been added a whole
some bitter. It consists of water, alco
hol, carbonic and acetic acids, and bitter
principles from the hop. According to
Professor Atwater's Investigations, "Ale,
beer and wine contain small quantities
of nutritive material in addition to their
alcohol and other constituents. That of
wine consists mainly of compounds akin
to carbohydrates, and averages a trifle
over 3 per cent of the whole weight. That
of ale and beer Includes, on the average,
a little over one^half of 1 per cent of
protein and other nitrogenous compounds
and 6 or 7 per cent of carbohydrates and
allied' substances. A pint (pound) of ale
or beer would contain, roughly speaking,
about as much of these nutritive sub
stances as one and one-fifth ounces of
bread; and a pint of wine about as much
as three-quarters of an ounce of bread."—
The Outlook.
Torpedoes were invented by an Amer
ican In 1777.
WILL SCATHE
CRUEL SPAIN
McKinley's Message to
Be a Most Vigorous
Document.
Will Show That It Is Time for
Armed Intervention in Be
half of the Cubans.
Hostilities Can Now Only Be Avoided
by the Madrid Government
Yielding Every Point.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riges House,
.Washington, April 5.
The Washington Post says that unless
Spain, within forty-eifrht hours, yields
all by surrendering Cuba, war cannot
be averted. It sums up the situation as
follows:
"President McKinley's message to
Congress will be a ringing, vigorous
document that promises to meet the
full expectation of Congress and the
people. It will be a scathing arraign
ment of Spain, showing that she has
demonstrated her utter incapacity to
govern; that her colonies have declined
in population, as the result of misrule
and oppression; that American com
merce has ben damaged and American
lives and property imperiled, and that
existing conditions should not and will
not be tolerated by this Government.
The destruction nf the battle-ship
Maine and the slaughter of 266 officers
and seamen serving under the United
States flag will be commented upon in
strong language and Spain will be held
responsible for that disaster.
"The President will make no direct
recommendation, but his message will
point clearly to the necessity of armed
intervention to restore order and peace.
He will not recommend the recognition
of the independence of the island be
cause the insurgents have no estab
lished form of Government and the
President and Cabinet believe that a
travesty would be presented to the
world if, following the recognition of
independence, the United States should
as the result of war take that inde
pendence away by seizing or annexing
the island.
"The President's message will be
equivalent to a declaration of war and
hostilities can now only be averted by
Spain yielding all.
"Pope Leo XIII is mediating between
Spain and Cuba. The efforts of his
Holiness have already resulted in an
appeal from Spain to the insurgents,
through the autonomic Cabinet for an
armistice, pending an agreement for
peace and independence. It is learned
that his Holiness has represented to
Spain that it is the part of wisdom to
make every possible concession, even
to surrendering the island absolutely,
rather than go to war with the United
States which would inevitably result in
the loss of Cuba and other Spanish col
onies, and at the same time endanger
tho dynasty. The United States has
ceased all negotiations and will not ac
cept mediation. The administration
and Congress see no alternative but
war." •
THE "FLOWERY LAND" MUTINY.
On February 14, 1864, seven men were
tried at the Central Criminal Court in
London, before Baron Bramwell, for
murder committed on September 10,
1563, in the English ship Flowery Land,
which had left London on July 28 previ
ous for Singapore, in the Straits of Ma
lacca, with a cargo of wine and other
commodities, and twenty persons on
board, including a crew of nineteen and
one passenger. The mutineers, as usu
al in such cases seem to have been all
foreigners, and chiefly of Southern Eu
rope — four Spaniards, one Greek, one
Turk and another, who, although his
name was John Lyons, could speak
English but fairly. Earlier symptoms
of insubordinatic-n had been tempora
rily suppressed by punishment; but on
this day, when the captain was below,
they struck down the mate with hand
spikes, obliterated with their weapons
every feature of his head and face, and
then threw him, shrieking, into the
sea. The captain, apparently alarmed
by the disturbance, and coming up
from his cabin, was dispatched with
daggers. His brother, trying to escape
by the companion ladder, was attacked
and beaten about the head till he died,
and his body, it is presumed, was
thrown into the sea. The ruffians
would have treated the captain's body
in the same way, but Tiffin, the second
mate, persuaded them to allow him to
sew it up in canvas, and to commit it
to the deep with some religious rites.
The mutineers next collected and di
vided, the plunder on board. Tiffin
alone knew anything of navigation, and
Lyons made him understand that they
wished to run the vessel to the coast of
Brazil. After many murderous on
slaughts between those on board the
vessel, when within ten miles of land,
was scuttled by the mutineers, or, in
other words, was sunk by cutting holes
in its bottom and sides, and then, with
the exception of the rook and steward,
who were beaten to d»ath with cham
pagne bottles while st'Mgglirttf in the
water, the survivors took to the small
boats with what provisions they could
stow in them. When land was reached
Tiffin managed to separate himself
from his companions, and gave infor
mation which led to the arrest of the
prisoners. The facts above mentioned
were established at the trial on his
evidence and that of others of the crew
who had seen the outrages committed.
The seven mutineers were found guilty
of murder, and were sentenced to be
executed: and on February 22, 1864, five
of them were hanged in front of New
gate in presence of an immense gath
ering of people, the sentences upon the
other two being commuted to penal
servitude for life. — English Magazine.
PARTIES IN SPAIN.
The mass of the country people, the
vast majority of the inhabitants of Spain,
would never vote at all of their own free
will. In the towns there are those who
take, as far as writing and speaking go,
a lively interest In politics, but with them
it evaporates in words. Time was when
there were two great governing forces
at work in Spain — those two great medi
eval powers which a barbarous people
can realize— the i^ng and the church. To
day they are not destroyed but divided
against themselves or against one an
other.
The old royalist sentiment is split be
tween the ruling dynasty and the Carl
lsts. The church sympathizes In its heart
with the lost cause. Therefore It is kept
at arm's length b the victor.
There is no governing class In
Spain. The aristocracy destroyed Its own
power centuries ago, when* it re-used to
pay taxes because It rendered military
service, and allowed itself to je extruded
from the Cortes which met to vote the
taxes. A strong ruling line might have
supplied the country with a vigorous des
potism. But the air of Spain has been
fatal to its dynasties. The Hapsburgs
ended with an idiot. The Bourbons have
sunk to cretinism.— Blackwood's Maga
zine.
REMOVES THE
YELLOW FEVER
QUARANTINE
Action Taker) at Washirjgton to
Enable Americans to Hurry
prom Cuba.
Copyrighted, IS9S. by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, April 4.— General Lee to-night received a dispatch from
the State Department informing him that the quarantine against yellow
fever will be temporarily raised and that all Americans, naturalized or
native born, now in Cuba, may enter Floridan ports. In order that this
may be facilitated General Lee is to charter any merchantmen within
reach. None is now in port.
To further expedite matters, the lighthouse tenders Mangrove and
Bache will arrive to-morrow to take away all who care to go. The Mas
cotte will be here on Wednesday and will carry a very large passenger
list. The Olivette will make an extra trip, arriving and leaving on
Thursday, and already her full capacity has been taken. The coast liner
Florida leaves to-morrow, carrying about 300, w'.io are anxious to leave.
The order from the State Department to General Lee caused a great
rush to the consulate, which was kept open after hours so that health
certificates might be given to those entitled to them. The United States
has not a treaty with Spain touching naturalization, so there are per
sons who have lived in Cuba for thirty years, and just remember that
they possess American citizenship papers. Of these there are probably
from 2000 to 2500 in Havana, while the native-born Americans here
scarely number fifty.
The exodus from Havana to Florida under the new rule will prob
ably increase the Florida population by 2500 and perhaps more.
General Lee is greatly gratified at the quick response to his request
for a change in the quarantine ruling. His office has been besieged for
days by those wishing to leave, but who were kept out of Florida by
the quarantine law, which went into effect a month earlier than usual.
WORKS OF ART
FOR SAN JOSE
Valuable Collection to Be !
Presented to the
City.
Generous Proposition Made by ,
Mrs. Myles P. O'Con
nor.
Her Request That an Art Building Be
Erected on State Grounds
Will Be Conceded.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April 4.— Governor
Budd to-day received the following let
ter:
Executive Committee of the
Art Building Association,
San Jose, Cal., March 31, 189&
Hon. J. U. Budd, Sacramento, Cal.—
Dear Sir: Mrs. Myles P. O'Connor of this
city proposes to give to the State Normal
School of San Jose, Cal., through the
trustees of that institution, an art col-
Jection valued at from SIUU.OOO to $200,000,
provided the citizens of San Jose will
erect a suitable building for the reception
j and permanent investment of this collec
tion. This proposition has been taken up
! by the various woman's clubs of this city,
I who are actively and earnestly engaged
in securing funds for tne erection of an
' art building, to cost from $20 .000 to $33,000.
' This money will be raised within the year
I and nominally (for the ladies wish to re
serve the right to exercise some choice as
to style and plan of building) turned over
to the Normal School Trustees for the
erection of such building, provided they
can, without conflicting with ar existing
regulation governing the case, place this
! building upon the Normal School grounds.
The executive committee can see norea
, son why this plan cannot be carried out,
and the Normal School, as well as the
city of San Jose, be enriched by the ac
quisition of this valuable educational fac
tor. We have decided to place this mat
ter before you for your consideration and
j decision at the meeting of Normal School
1 Trustees, to be held In Los Angeles April
8, IS9S.
Hoping that your honorable body may
be able to report favorably ur^on this
proposition, I am, in behalf of the com
mittee, very respectfully yours,
MRS. C. H. CLEMENT.
Trustee Halo of the San Jose Nor
mal School visited the Governor to-day
1 as a committee of one to lay the mat
i ter before him. Mr. Hale said that
the citizens had already subscribed
$5000 to the building fund, and he had
no doubt that the entire sum of $20,000
would be forthcoming provided there
would be no obstacle or objection from
the representatives of the State to the
proposition of erecting the proposed
building on State grounds.
Governor Budd assured Mr. Hale
that, so far as he was concerned, there
■would not be the slightest objection to
the proposition, and he felt sure that
no one would oppose the acceptance of
so generous a gift as the one proposed.
In speaking later to The Call corre
spondent the Governor said:
"I consider the State very lucky in
deed in having been proffered so mu
nificent a gift as the one proposed by
Mrs. O'Connor. I congratulate the
people of Pan Jose, also, upon the good
fortune which has come to them. I
have no doubt that the citizens of San
Jose will provide the necessary funds
to construct a suitable building for the
reception of this magnificent collection.
I shall give my hearty co-operation In
every way possible to further the ef
forts of the ladies who have taken hold
of this matter, and the fact that they
have taken It up. will, in my judgment,
insure Its success."
Seven Democrats Elected.
BFTTE, Mont., April 4.— The election
to-day was for eight Aldermen. The
Democrats elected seven and the silver
Republicans one. The next Council will
stand twelve Democrats to four Repub
licans and silver ' Republicans.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
aaaaßßaßaaßßaaßßaftoaaaaaßaßaoaaaaaaag
I SPEAKING^^OF CURES! «
a Rupture Cured in Two I^^^^? He Feels Like a Boy of §
a Months. *Wml?W Fifteen. »
a — — |
a Occidental. Calif., WM. H. SAWYER of Berdell ' >-<
0 Feb. 28th, , 1898. Station, Sonoma County, writes w
« DR. PIERCE & SON-Gentle- | : ,. T -"„ '■ "sallows: , : -^
» men: I wish to inform you that the Truss j .iJr^^^a^Slc^baln^t^.i^^ »
which I . purchased at ;. your ' office the 6th jof the greatest Inventions on earth, for It a
« : 'cJ ' last , December CURED me of Rupture I JV"' f lv . en . r me such LIFE AND VIGOR n
» in TWO MONTHS. . I am c ,r sixty year, n h £ en Wltg3 yo^r »
•Q of age. felt weak and. without energy; but with w
n There Is no mistake • about the fact that your Belt and , Suspensory on lam one of a
*•* your celebrated Magnetic Elastic 1 Truss the most ■ active, vigorous and happy men it
0 will positively CURE RUPTURE, and I you will be able to meet anywhere. Your Cf
v^ I heartily recommend it to all ruptured per- Belt ■■ is : certainly a wonderful invention a •
J-* sons. Yours sincerely, C. S. COLLINS. and if others only knew as much about it tt
a If ruptured, call or send So In stamps for ** * do, no man or woman in the State of Cj '
w our New Book on Rupture. Trusses fitted California would be without it for a single a r
w at office without extra charge. Address - d *y- - ' ' ■ - -• «
a ~"'i MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO., L. or * v " particulars of Dr. Pierce" s Patent « '
a aQO MARKET STREET. Opposite n.w 'nius^at^-p'a^hlet "n^.'?' a" 5
D ? ' £A3 * M g°4f; ce H^, t9l U £5 4 -" 101 " 00 * dress PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market -**
o Or SE \^. su! " vMßloclt7Ur)fit4w - foiS.^% j sr.^ Vaa 366uifi^ n «
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa'aaaaoaaa^
SEEKS TO END
WOES OF LIFE
Attempted Suicide of R.
C. Thayer, an Oak
land Youth.
Enters a Seattle Saloon and
Fires a Bullet Through
His Body.
Has Been Frequently Seized by Un
governable Impulses to Kill
Him&elf.
Special DlEpatch to The CaJL
SEATTLE, April 4.— The life of R. C.
Thayer, a young man who recently
; came to Seattle from Oakland, Cal., :a
hanging by a thread. I^ate this after
; noon he entered a saloon and walking
i to the lavatory drew a revolver and
! shot himself. The bullet penetrated the
' left lung and he bled profusely. He
was taken to poiiee headquarters and.
' the attending physiciar.s u&i
him to live through the night. "*
Thayer gives as a reason f< c his act
that his life has been one of continuous
trouble and that at times he has had an
almost ungovernable impulse to end his
career. Feeling particularly biue to
day he decided to give up life's battle.
He first wrote a note to Coroner Ran
dall avowing his intention to kill him
self and requesting that his father, E.
F. Thayer of Oakland, be notified of
his death.
When he attempted suicide Thayer
was pei'fectly sober.
OAKLAND, April 4.— R. C. Thayer,
who attempted suicide in Seattle to
day, is the son of Ed Thayer, a Ninth
street saloon-keeper. A few days ago
he went to Seattle after recovering
from a wound he inflicted on himself
at San Jose two months ago in a vain
endeavor to end his life. Young Thayer
has been a cause of anxiety to his
father for years on account of his er
ratic actions. He has mot c than once
attempted to commit suicide, and is
subject to spells of despond* ncy. The
manager of his father's saloon had Rot
heard of the lad's latest attempt to
die, but said that there was no doubt
young Thayer was not responsible at
times, imagining he was suffering from
all kinds of sickness. He is about 22
years old.
Some weeks ago young Thayer was
buying a revolver, and it was accident
ally discharged by a shop girl, who did
not know it was loaded. He was at the
hospital, but the bullet was not re
moved and is still in his hip. Thayer
has a wife and child living in San Jose.
THE MEXICAN REPUBLIC.
H. T. Scott of the Union Iron Works of
San Francisco, his wife and small party
of friends are guests of the Shoreham.
They have been on an extended pleasure
tour in the republic of Mexico, and re
turn home with nothing but complimen
tary expressions retarding the "land of
God and liberty."
'•Mexico," said Mr. Scott, "is in a very
flourishing condition. There is no coun
try in the world that has a Government
better suited to the people, and under
which the citizens are making more rela
tive progress. New industries are being
established in every part of the republic,
and the agricultural and mineral re
sources of the country are being de
veloped rapidly. The utmost hospitality
Is displayed toward Americans, and
every representative Mexican speaks in
the kindliest way of the sister republic
across the Rio Grande. President Diaa
Is the idol of his people. They realise
that he has done more than all other
agencies put together for their welfare,
and that as long as he stays at the helm
there is absolute surety of a stable and
prosperous Government." — Washington
Post."IT WAS
AN ACT
OF WAR"
Senators Speak Plainly
on the Blowing Up
of the Maine.
Perkins of California Among
Those to Denounce Treach=
cry of Spain and Demand
Satisfaction in Blood.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, April 4.
It vr&s frankly and openly charged In
the Senate to-day by Perkins of Cali
fornia, la a set speech, that Spain was
responsible for the Maine disaster, as
It had been brought about by Spanish
machinations and Spanish treachery.
The Bpeecb of Perkins was only one of
four prepared addresses on the Cuban
question delivered In the Senate to
day. Clay of Georgia, while hoping for
a peaceful solution of the problem the
country is now facing, declared strong
ly In favor of the independence of the
Cubans, and pledged to the administra
tion the loyal support of the South,
which, In the event of war, would have
t bear the brunt of the conJliet. Per
kins took substantially the same
grounds, and his vigorous treatment of
ister aroused the crowded
to enthusiastic applause.
C Montana, while expressing
the administration, main
tained that the tune for action had now
Li action must be to the
•end that Cuba should be free. Rawlins
rely eliminated the Presi
dent from consideration in his speech,
holding that the case against Spain was
alr<.-;uiy made up, and that with Con
ed the responsibility of de
ng war. Forcing us to wait longer
only to invite criticism. He de
dared for th.- most vigorous action im
ately.
Perkins of California, In a speech on
• 'üban question, declared that the
blowing up of the Maine by the Span
ish officials was an act of war, and he
believed it was so regarded by the na
tions of the world. Perkins referred
briefly to the scheme instituted by
Weyler to starve more than a million
Spanish subjects into subjection,
1 and declared that nothing in all his
tory compared with the atrocity and
brutality that Weyler had exercised
against the Cubans. The time for ac
; ':;lon, arrived.
little more delay," said he, "a
little more waiting, and the Unite<l
s will become an accessory to the
greatest, the most appalling crime in
ry. The patience of a great na
tion has Its limits, so in this case the
limit has been reached. The time for
the honors in Cuba to cease has come
and cease they must. t
"Right, justice and humanity de
mand that this Government should
intervene to stop the cruel warfare
being waged by Spain against the
Cuban insurgents — a people who are
struggling for their freedom within
ninety miles of our own shores."
Perkins, who has had a lifetime ex
perience in th" handling of great ves
sels, discussed the destruction of the
Maine from the view point of an ex
pert. He declared that our sailors and
officers had been beguiled by the de
ception of the Spaniards to a place in
a friendly harbor, and there, without a
minute's warning, been blown into
eternity. Captain Sigsbee, in com
municating to this Government the
news of t!v> awful disaster, had made
hlms"lf famous' in the eyes of the
civilized world by the diplomacy and
calmness of his language. There was
> ■ of the treachery of the
Spaniards, but while the people of the
nati' ! and still believe that
the catai trophe was due to Spanish
• s, ('a;. tain Siu'sbee besought all
to Buspend judgment until the facts
" . • ■
For forty days and nights the people
had suspended judgment, but now, that
the facts have been laid before them,
the verdict, he said, is unanimous that
the great battle-ship was blown up, not
only from the outside, but with the
cognizance of Spanish officials, for
whos.3 acts the Spanish Government
•was fully responsible. The explosives,
whether they were in a mine or a tor
pedo, were placed under the Maine by
officials of the Spanish Government.
The people believe that they were ex
ploded by design, and he was one who
held to that belief. It would have been
impossible, Perkins said, for any man
or sot of men to place in the harbor
of Havana mines or torpedoes without
the knowledge of the Government au
thorities. No impartial Judge would
fail, after considering all the facts pre-
Kor.tod. to place the responsibility for
the crime upon the Spanish Govern
ment through its authorized officials.
"This hideous crime of the nineteenth
century, "dorlnred Perkins vehemently,
"was an act of war, and I believe that
It is so regarded by the nations of the
world." .-.,.:.■ -/i
No offer of reparation could wipe out
the feeling of the people of this coun
try upon the matter, and intensity had
been added to that feeling by the al
most frivolous manner in which the
disaster had been treated by Spain..
Perkins said that while he favored
arbitration, individuals never attempt
ed to arbitrate questions of honor, and
nations could not afford to submit such
questions to arbitration. Gold could
not atone for the loss of those precious
lives. The only honorable action for
this country now to take was to inter
vene and .free Cuba from the yoke of
Spain, which she had so long borne.
Mantle of Montana followed with an
extended speech upon tlye absorbing
topic of Cuba, In which he declared that
he favored the independence of the Cu
ban people, who for years had been
StriiSTCrlinir for their fredom. "I would,"
paid he; "give my unqualified indorse
ment and vote in favor of directing the
Pr<-Pif]ont. to use armed forces, both
land nnd naval, to suppress the sav
njrpry th»l is now rampant upon that
fair island." He had the highest rocard
for thes resent occupant of the White
HoiiFo. but it was perfectly evident to
oH that '■■■■ time for diplomatic nego
tiation* r- »bo Ou'iin ouostion hnd
■ passed. . The time for action had ar
rived. And the sooner it was taken the
better it would be for all concerned.
Spain had violated "very principle of;
civilized warfare and had thrown hu
manity to tho winds. Mantle said it
was now time that the cry of humanity
! and the cry for stern Justice should be
neard. It was time to be done with
subterfuge. We should not go to war
1 without full justification, but must b»
i assured before striking that we strike
I for God and humanity. He thought
| this time had come. He not only be
lieved the time had come for reeogniz
! ing Cuban independence, but that a
declaration of war would be fully Just
i ified by the willful destruction of the
Maine. While holding these sentiments,
Mantle was willing to wait upon the
' action of the Committee on Foreign Re
lations, whose recommendations he had
no doubt would be wise and just and
cover the whole case.
Rawlins of Utah said the case be
tween Spain and the United States was
made up. It was no longer for the
executive to decide what course to pur
sue. With Congress rested the re
sponsibility of declaring war, and this
was the pressing duty. The President
was no longer the party to be criti
cized. Congress, If it wills, he said,
could decide to have* peace with inci
dental outrage and clandestine murder.
As for himself, he did not choose to
accept peace under any circumstances.
Rawlins opposed further delay. He
war- informed that the Committee on
Foreign Relations had reached a con
clusion, and that while the President
was advised of the probable action of
the committee, that body had no such
information as to the President's plans.
He was also informed that the Presi
dent wanted further delay. Rawlins
did not consider this necessary. The
destruction of th« Maine and the clan
destine murder of 266 of our sailors haa
occurred forty-eight days since, but
this was not all. For three years the
Spanish authorities had been impris
oning and murdering American citi
zens. Of these facts the executive
doubtlessly had been fully advised by
the consular reports, but these reports
had been withheld on the plea that it
would endanger the safety of our of
ficials in Cuba to give them out. Ir
this was true, it revealed a wretched
state of affairs.
' ''-ntinuing. Rawlins said delay had
been sought last week by friends of the
President on the plea that a message
was soon to be sent In from the Presi
dent which would meet all the demands
of the country. At the same time the
private and confidential secretary of
the President was sending a message to
his friends urging them to the utmost
exertion to bring pressure to bear to
secure peace. V'e were next told that
an ultimatum had been sent to Madrid
demanding the concession of Cuban in
dependence; now comes an interview
with Premier Sagasta in which he said
no demand had been made by this Gov
ernment for the ii. dependence of the
Cubans. Which representation was cor
rect? Rawlins criticized our halting
policy in strong language, tayine that
it was such as to justify Spain in hold
ing the United States in contempt. Ho
added that the crime of the explosion
of the Maine was due to our indecision
and cowardice, and that such an act
would never have been perpetrated
upon any other nation. In conclusion,
he made an argument for an absolute
declaration of war instead of a decla
ration for armed intervention. To pur
sue th<> latter course would be to throw
the responsibility of declaring war
upon the President. To pass such a
resolution would be to afford opportun
ity for the peace at any price to
continue its efforts as the resolution
would be one which the President could
with propriety ignore, because the re
sponsibility for definite action rests
with Congress.
Rawlins expressed the opinion that
four weeks would decide an armed con
flict between Spain and the United
States, and that it would be decided
without the loss of a life. In support
of this assertion "ie counted the accom
plishments of the Cubans themselves in
their efforts to t,ain their independence
under most unfavorable circumstances.
At the conclusion of Ra.wlins' speech
the sundry civil appropriation bill was
taken up.
MAY ASSEMBLE
AT CHICKAMAUGA.
General Miles Believes the Famous
Battle Field a Good Place for
Concentration of Troops.
WASHINGTON, April 4.— lt has
been decided to detain for a time at
the Chiekamauga battle-field the
, Twenty-tifth Regiment of Infantry,
'■ which is about to leave the various
: forts in Montana for service at Key
West and Dry Tortugas. The reason
for this action is said to be the fact
I that the water supply at either of the
above-named places is not satisfac
tory at present.
Chiekamauga. General Miles says, is
an excellent place for the concentra
tion of a largo body of troops, and it is
believed the looation has beeen seri
i ously considered by Secretary Alger as
! a point for tho preliminary gathering
i of troops in caso of war
! The Navy_ Department v/as informed
i late this afternoon of the arrival of
the dynamite cruiser Vesuvius at Nor
j folk to-day from Washington.
MISSION OF THE
BATTLESHIP TEXAS.
May Soon Proceed to Sea to Meet the
New Orleans and San
Francisco.
NEW YORK, April 4.— lt was stated
at the navy-yard to-day that orders
had been received from Washington
for the sailing of the big battle-ship
Texas, and that she would leave this
port not later than Wednesday
Rumor at the navy-yard was to the
effect that the Texas is to proceed to
sea to meet the San Francisco and
New Orleans, now en route from Eng
land, so that there may be no danger
of the two latter ships being inter
cepted by Spanish cruisers in the case
of war.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 5, 1893.
FRESH PROOF
OF TREACHERY
Witnesses of the Pur
chase by Spain of
Mines for Havana.
Men Whose Statements Cannot
Be Doubted Say the Madrid
Government Is Guilty.
An Explosion Could Only H*t« Oc
curred by the Connivance of at
Least Throe Officer*.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, April 4.— Details have been
obtained of the manufacture of sub
marine mines In London for Spain,
which fact was first brought to the
attention of the United States embassy
on March 4. A man, whose cards de
scribed him as an electrical engineer
and whose name was forwarded at the
time to Washington, then said he sold
to Spanish officers in London several
years ago, a large number of mines,
eight or ten of which were placed In
Havana harbor. He said they were
made In a special way, had a specially
constructed cable, which he can iden
tify if the smallest piece is produced,
and he added that some of the mines
were fixed so that they could be fired
from a fort, while two of them had
bulbs so arranged that they would ex
plode upon a vessel coming into con
tact with them. The man added, how
ever, that he did not believe the bulbs
would be used in water as shallow as
that of Havana harbor. Finally the
man exhibited plans of one of these
mines, which he said was the most
likely to produce the effect described as
causing the wreck of the Maine. It
was numbered "2," and was construct
ed to contain 500 pounds of guncotton.
Lieutenant-Commander J. C. Colwell,
the United States naval attache, has
since investigated the matter, and he
made a report on the subject to the
United States Government. The facts
learned strongly tend to show that
Havana harbor was mined, and . un
questionably prove that Spain pur
chased mines for that purpose. The
firm of Lattimer, Rhodes & Clark,
electrical engineers, during 1887-88 filled
a large order for Spain for a lot of
mines, in which were used fourteen and
a half tons of guncotton. The work
was directly under the surveillance of
General Fernandez and Captain Busta
mento. The latter was then the head
of the Spanish torpedo school. By order
of these officers, the mines were divided
into four consignments — for Havana,
Ferrol, Cadiz and Carthagena. The
mines were manufactured under the
direction of J. P. Gibbons, after Gib
bons' patents, which are described in
Siemens' book on torpedoes and mines.
Gibbons, who furnished Lieutenant-
Commander Colwell a written state
ment of the above facts and outlined
his theory of the explosion which
wrecked the Maine, was then employed
by the firm as superintendent of the
torpedo department. He also says a
similar lot of torpedoes was manufac
tured for Spain in 1896.
The manager of the Westminister En
gineering Company, which is the suc
cessor of the aforementioned firm, and
with which Gibbons is connected, con
firms the latter's statement as to the
manufacture of mines for Spain. Gib
bons, who is a former sergeant of en
gineers and a Government inspector of
torpedoes, believes the Maine's first ex
plosion was caused by what is techni
cally called a ground mine, containing
500 pounds of gun cotton, several of
which were manufactured for Spain.
He has experimented with these mines
largely at Portsmouth, and says that
once laid, they retain their properties
for fifty years. In addition. Gibbons
asserts that it is absolutely Impossible
for them to explode accidentally, as
the electrical currents for their explo
sion are formed only by the manipula
tion of a complicated key. especially
devised to avoid accidents. Three keys
are necessary, which are always kept
in the possession of different officers
and if an outsider obtained possession
of them, it would h^ impossible to ma
nipulate the kr-ys without ins-f ruotions.
Gibbons further says the mines and
their connecting cables are numbered
and he asserts he would be able to
identify them if any party 1b secured.
WASHINGTON STATE
HAS BRAVE MEN.
Naval Reserve Association to Fill Up
Four Divisions and Tender
Services to Secretary-
Long.
SEATTLE, April 4.— The military re
sources of Seattle available in case of
actual hostilities v. ith Spain will soon
be largely increased. In 1891 the Naval
Reserve Association was organized, but
it has existed without any great
strength. At present there is active
work evidenced in tilling up four divi
sions of sixty men each, the whole to
constitute a, battalion. This organiza
tion will be known as a volunteer naval
reserve. Commodore W. H. Gorham
will appear before Governor Rogers on
Wednesday and ask that the associa
tion be clothed with a semi-official
character. The Governor will also be
requested to offer the services of the
battalion at the proper time for active
service to the Navy Department.
SPAIN'S REPRESENTATIVE
GETTING READY TO LEAVE.
\ But So Far Minister Bernabe Has
Not Made Arrangements With
the French Embassy.
WASHINGTON, April 4.— The French
Embassador at Washington, M. Cam
bon, has received no instructions to act
for Spain in the event of the with
drawal of the Spanish Minister, Senor
Polo y Bernabe. The statement is
authoritative, after Inquiry at the
French embassy and the Spanish lega
tion. The story originated in London.
The Spanish Minister, it is learned, is
making all arrangements to leave the
United States should his position be
come untenable, and has notified a lo
cal music house to call for his piano and
organ.
Stockton's Military Spirit.
STOCKTON, April 4.— The following
advertisment has been inserted in
Stockton papers:
With a view of being prepared in the
event of war. a special invitation is hereby
tendered to patriotic young men between
the ages of IS and 45 to enlist in Com
pany A. Sixth Infantry Regiment, N. G.
C, thereby gaining a military education
which may prove of great benefit. Enlist
ments may be made at the armory of
Company A between 7 and 10 p. m. every
evening. CHARLES H. DASHER,
Captain Company A, Sixth Infantry
Regiment.
FOR AUXILIARY
SHIPS OF WAR
The President Directs the
Purchase of Ten Mer
chant Vessels.
Steamers That Will Be Trans
formed Into Cruisers With
out Delay.
Smaller Boats Will Alao Be Fitted Ou
and Commissioned as Torpedo-
Boat Destroyer*.
Sp«ctal DißDatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 4.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: That the
President believes that war will likely
follow the transmission of his message
to Congress is shown by his action to
day in directing the purchase of ten
merchant vessels of from 2000 to 6000
tons burden for conversion into auxil
iary vessels. On account of the im
mense cost of such ships the Navy De
partment has heretofore refrained from
buying them, believing that diplomacy
might open the way for the settlement
of the Cuban question with honor to
both countries and without war. In
fact, it has been admitted by depart
ment officials that only when the ad-
ministration felt that war was bound
to come would the President consent to
the expenditure of such a large sum of
money as would be necessary in the ac
quisition and transformation of mer
chant vessels into auxiliary cruisers.
The fact, therefore, that the President
directed Assistant Secretary Roosevelt
to instruct the Rodgers board in New
York to. enter Into negotiations for the
purchase of vessels for transformation
into auxiliary cruisers is considered
most significant. In reality, this is the
first practical step taken to obtain an
auxiliary ileet. Ihe yachts and tugs
that have been bought have been con
■ verted into torpedo-boat destroyers and
picket boats, but such vessels as the
President directed to be purchased can
only be employed as members of the
first line of defense and offensive and
in defensive operations against the
enemy in conjunction with men-of-war
i comprising squadrons at Key West and
Hampton Roads. In compliance with
instructions sent by Roosevelt it is ex
! pected by the officials that the board
! went to work to-day to inspect eigh
i teen vessels that the department had
i selected for purchase in case the Presi
'• dent should authorize such action. This
! list does not include the St. Paul and
i St. Louis, but from present indications
! the authorities will authorize their pur
chase within the next few days. No
! decision has been reached, but it was
j said to-day that the question of their
I purchase would be finally determined
! to-morrow in order that there might be
time in which to give orders to hold
the St. Paul, and to transfer her cargo
to some other vessel of the American
line.
These ships would cost about $4,000,
000, which the President does not at
present feel inclined to pay in the event
that other vessels which will be pur
chased may meet the navy's needs in
this respect. The vessels to be pur
chased will be from this list: El Sol,
El Paso, El Monte, El Mar. El Dorado,
El Norte. Yorktnwn, Jamestown, H. F.
Dimock, John English, Yumuri, Aca
pulco and Princess Ann. Some of the
vessels plying in and out of Boston har
bor are looked upon with f vor by the
board, and several of these may be
purchased. It is admitted by ofttcials
that the cost of these ten vessels will
be large, amounting to five or six mil
lion dollars, but the national defense
fund Is not exhausted, and will be able
to stand the inroau which wi.l be made
by the purchase of these ships.
Anticipating the purchase of these
ships, Captain Charles O'N'oill. chief of
the Bureau of Ordnance, is preparing
batteries to be placed aboard <>t them,
and Chief Naval Constructor Hichborn
is considering poi ts to which the ves
sels may be sent in order that the
work of transforming them may be ex
pedited as quickly as possible. ' It is the
expectation of officials that by work
ing night and day they will be able to
place the snips in commission within
three weeks. Crews will be collectpd
for these vessels, and they will be at
tached to the flying squadron and Cap
tain W. T. Sampson's Beet without de
lay. Orders were telegraphed to-day
to convert into auxiliary men-of-war
without delay the yachts and tugs pur
chased on Saturday last. The list in
cludes the yacht Josephine, which will
be converted at League Island; the
yacht Sovereign, which is at the New
York navy-yard; the steam lighters
Saturna and Irrawaddy, which will bo
converted into transports at the New
York navy-yard; the lighter L,ob.inon,
which is at Boston, and thp R. W. "Wii
mot, which is at the Pensnmla navy
yard. The Creole will be sent to New
port i»ews, where she will be trans
formed into a hospital ship. The only
vessel whose name has born changed is
the Josephine, which has been officially
christened the Vixen, in commemora
tion of the famous American sloop of
the war of ISI2.
HAYTI AND SAN DOMINGO
WILL REMAIN NEUTRAL!
Attitude of These Governments Is of
Importance Because of Their
Geographical "Situation.
Copyrighted. 1898, by. James Gordon Bennett.
PORT AU PRINCE, Hayti, April 4.— j
Indications are that in case war; is
declared between the United States and ,
Spain, Hayti and San Domingo -will re
main : neutral. The attitude of these !
two Governments Is of great import- i
ance because, of their geographical sit
uation, lying between Cuba and Porto
Rico and close to each.
There Is no truth in the alleged news
sent out from Jamaica that there has
been a breach in the friendly relations
between Hayti and San Domingo. The
best of feeling prevails ■ between the
Governments. The . President of | Hayti
will return to Port au Prince to-mor
row. >v /-; ; " ■ ' -•■.' ■/ '•-•■:: r *
■» —
Major Sherman's Fiery Message.
Major Sherman sent the following
dispatch to Senator Perkins last night:
Avenge nation's dead. Save national '
honor. Immediately declare war. Peo
ple's patience exhausted. President's
proclamation criminal. Delay means loss j
of thousands of more lives in the future. I
E. A. SHERMAN.
Corner on Dried Apricots.
STOCKTON, April 4.— The Mail states j
to-night that certain Stockton merchants
have cornered the dried apricot market,
and have, within the past week, procured
five carloads. There cannot now be pur
chased in San Francisco a straight car
load of dried apricots, and Porter Bro
thers, leading San Francisco dried fruit
men. have none left. Three weeks aeo
dried apricots were selling at retail In
this city at 5 cents a pound; to-day they
are from S to B>6 cents a pound. These i
five carloads were purchased at an aver
age cost of a little over 6 cents a Dound. I
POWERS MAY
PREVENT WAR
Notes Are Being Ex
changed by the Eu
ropean Capitals.
Great Pressure Brought to Bear
That Is Likely to Compel
Spain to Yield.
What Common Oround th« Powers
Ars Seeking to Reach Can Only
Be Conjectured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CaJl Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 4.
Notwithstanding the many reports of
European mediation they assumed their
first tangible form this afternoon when
at least two of the European establish
ments In Washington received notifi
cation that the exchange of notes be
tween the great powers was In prog
ress, with a view of arriving at a basis
on which they could make a joint pro
posal for mediation. It is evident that
the exchange has not yet been produc
tive of a common understanding, as the
Embassadors and Ministers at Wash
ington have not yet received Instruc
tions to initiate the movement. Their
only information thus far is that the
notes are passing by telegraph between
the capitals of Europe. It had been un
derstood that France and Austria were
most active In bringing about this
movement and that Great Britain had
held aloof from it, but it developed to
day that the British Government was
also taking part in the exchange and
that in case of concerted action by the
powers Great Britain would probably
act with the others.
What common ground the powers are
seeking to reach can only be conjec
tured. The Spanish Government seems
to be hopeful of the result from this
movement and this inspired additional
ground for the belief that it will not be
regarded with favor by the United
States. The diplomats, however, think
that if a common understanding was
reached by the great powers of Eu
rope, such suggestions as these great
powers would make could not be lightly
set aside. The general view of the dip
lomats is that the movement is not so
much one toward reconciling the United
States and Spain as it it is to preserve
the peace of the world by combined
action.
Spain's policy in this matter is one of
urging on the European powers that if
Cuba was free from Spanish sov
ereignty the next move under the Mon
roe doctrine would be to bring an end
to European control over other West
Indian possessions. Great Britain,
France and Denmark have interests in
that locality. In other quarters it was
stated that the influence of the powers
was more likely to be asserted on Spain,
urging her to the largest possible meas
ure of concession.
Sir Julian Pauncefote, the British
Embassador, made a short call on
Judge Day to-day. It is understood
that it did not relate to the Cuban
question, as the Embassador has not
received instructions concerning media
tion or any other course of action. M.
Thebeau, first secretary of the French
embassy, also called at the State De
partment and had a talk v.ith Judge
Day on subjects other than the Cuban
question.
An arrangement was reached during
the day by which the UniLed States
and France will co-operate through
their Ministers with Denmark for the
establishment of a European cable with
the Danish island of St. Thomas. The
cable is owned by a Fren.h company,
but its use has become of vital im
portance to the United States as a basis
of operations in the Leeward Islands.
Secretary Long was particularly de
sirous of having this cable arrange
ment effected. As a result of the con
ference a message was sent to the
I United States Minister at Copenhagen
asking him to secure the consent of the
Danish Government, and the French
; authorities arranged to have their Mm
' ister at Copenhagen exert similar ln
; fluences. _____^______ ___
OLD GLORY HAULED
DOWN FROM THE WRECK.
Now That the Destroyed Battleship
Maine is Deserted the Exodus
From Havana Begins.
HAVANA. April 4.— Soon after sun
rlnwn to-night the tattered United
States flag was taken from the pan! of
the wrecked Maine, where it has floated
since February 17, two days after the
explosion. It was taken down by an
officer and a. boat's crew from the Fern.
The wrecking tugs Underwriter and
Merritt and the barges Chief and Sharp
left for American waters to-day.
Now that the exodus to the United
States is in full force there are inter
esting scenes at the office of Dr. lirun
ner. Hundreds stand around waiting
their turn to be vaccinated — oabies in
arms, scarecrow negroes, well-dressed
women, rich merchants and poor Amer
icans — in short, all kinds of people.
Rigid rules are observed and the first
come is first served. The stringency
of the quarantine against yellow fever
Is somewhat relaxed in view of the spe
cial circumstances, and also of the fact
that there is ' If le or no fever In the
island, but the smallpox prr.-hibition is
still in force, though it is believed that
the reeulation is not too stringently ap
plied, in view of the expected leaving
of the Mangrove, Bache, Olivette and
Mascotte.
American citizens only will be given
passage on the Mangrove and Bache.
Others, if their passports and vaccina
tion certificatets are all right, can
leave on the Mascotte or the Olivette.
STABS A SCHOOLMATE
FOR TORMENTING HIM.
Lad Objects to a Demonstration Cre
ated by the Wearing of New
Trousers.
FRESNO, April 4.— Bruce Maiden, a boy
attending the Central school, in this city,
created consternation In the school yard
this morning by stabbing a schoolmate
named Ralph Harbison. The youths are
both about the same age. The trouble
arose over Harbison teasing Maiden be
cause of a pair of new trousers which the
latter wore to school. All the boys joined
in the plaguing, pinching Maiden, and in
boyish fashion asking him if it hurt.
Maiden put up with the tormenting for
some time. Finally his temper got the
better of him, and he rushed at his
schoolmate, and. after chasing him some
distance, overtook him. The result of the
scuffling was that Harbison was cut in
the back, the blade of Maiden's pocket
knife entering into the flesh until It
struck a. rib. Blood flowed freely from the
wound. The lad was taken home and a
phvslcian summoned to attend him.
The youthful knife wielder was not ar
rested, chiefly on account of his tender
age and the fact that he had heretofore
borne a good reputation among his school
mates. It is claimed that he did not stab
his companion intentionally, but had an
opened knife in his hand and in the scuffle
his companion was accidentally wounded.
WATCHING
THE SHIPS
OF FOES
United States and Spain
Keeping Tab on Each
Other's Vessels.
Information That the Torpedo
Flotilla Will Return to the
Canary Islands and Join
the Cadiz Squadron.
NEW YORK, April 4.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Offi
cial confirmation of the Herald's an-
nouncement this morning of the de
parture of the Carlos V from Havre for
Ferrol was contained In a dispatch re
ceived at the State Department from
Minister Woodford, who also reiterated
his statement of a few days ago that
the torpedo-boat flotilla had reached
Cape Verde Islands and that it had
been directed to await orders.
Much to the regret of officials the
Minister made no reference to the con
dition of the boats comprising the flo
tilla, and the matter was deemed so
important that a dispatch was sent to
him during the afternoon, asking him
to instruct Lieutenant Dyer, naval at-
tache of this Government in Madrid,
to ascertain their condition, if possible,
and to inform the authorities here as
soon as he had learned anything of im
portance. Information on this point
is expected to reach Washington to
morrow. The sharp watch which is
being maintained by this Government
in Madrid over the movements of Span
ish men-of-war is well illustrated by
Minister Woodford's dispatches of the
last few days. Every movement of
Spanish vessels has been chronicled
and no effort has been spared by the
Minister, attaches of the legation and
consular officers throughout Spain to
enable the authorities here to obtain
this and such other naval information
as will be useful to the United States
in the event of war.
There is reason to believe that Min
ister Polo y Barnabe and attaches of
the Spanish legation are transmitting
information respecting the movements
of American vessels and increases
which have recently been made to the
American navy. Before the departure
of Lieutenant-Commander Sobral, na
val attache of Spain in this city, it was
not an unusual thing to see him at the
department discussing United States
naval matters with the officials and ob
taining naval information, which he
hastened to transmit to his Govern
ment. He was always courteously
treated ■ and considerable information
was given to him. His treatment is in
violent contrast with that accorded to
Lieutenant Dyer, naval attache of this
Government in Spain.
Lieutenant Dyer is followed by de
tectives, all requests concerning the
navy of Spain are abruptly refused, and
he is not allowed to visit Spanish navy
yards. Notwithstanding the difficulty
under which Lieut. nant Dyer labors he
is able to keep the office of naval in
telligence here very well informed in
regard to the condition of construction
or repairs to vessels at navy yards and
of the movements of Spanish ships.
It is the firm expectation of officials
that the Spanish torpedo-boat flotilla
will not continue on its way to Porto
Rico, but will be recalled from Cape
Verde to the Canary Islands, where it
will meet the Spanish fleet, which Min
ister Woodford said yesterday was on
the eve of departure from Cadiz. As
the Herald stated this morning the au
thorities do not believe for an instant
that any of the vessels of the flotilla
have been damaged by reason of the
bad weather, for tl.e meteorological rec
ords which they have looked up show
that good weather usually prevails in
the section through which tl^e flotilla
passed.
Ferrol, to which the Carlos V is
bound, is the location of one of the
largest navy-yards in the Cpanish
kingdom, and the vessel has been sent
to that point, the authorities believe, in
order that she ma- be completed with
all possible speed. She is one of the
most formidable armored cruisers of
the Spanish navy, and, under ordinary
conditions, could not be completed until
the latter part of May. Information
which has reached the Navy Depart
ment shows that it is the intention of
Spain to rush the completion of the
Carlos V, in order that she may be at
tached to the squadron mobilizing at
Cadiz, and sail with it to the Canaries.
There is a great deal of speculation
in naval circles concerning the destina
tion of the Vizcaya and the Almirante
Oquendo, which left Havana last Fri
day to escape being bottled up by Cap
tain Sampson's fleet. The authorities
expected, if these vessels had gone
to Porto Rico, to have heard of their
arrival at San Juan to-day, but no an
nouncement that they had reached this
point came to the State Department
this afternoon. The report that the
vessels are to be ordered back to Hav
ana is not believed by naval experts,
for by such action, they say Spain
would stand an excellent chance of los
ing two of the best cruisers of her navy.
If they should return to Havana it
will be an easy matter for Captain
Sampson's fleet to blockade them in the
harbor, and thus reduce the fighting
strength of the Spanish navy by two
formidable vessels. There seems to be
a general impression in naval circles
that in the event of war the Vizcaya nnd
Oquendo will re-eivi orders to proceed
to some northern port of the United
States and do as much damage to prop
erty as possible, afterward going
abroad to join the Cadiz squadron.
Schafer Wins From Ives.
CHICAGO, April 4.— ln a match at
three-cushion carom billiards to-day Jacob
Schaefer defeated Frank Ives by a score
of 125 to 103. The match was for $100 a
side. Sixty points were played in the
afternoon and Schaefer reached that
point in his ninety-fourth inning, leav
ing Ives at 46. At the evening session
Schaefer ended the game in the 164 th In
ning with a jump shot that sent his cue
ball up to the chandelier, yet it came back
to the table and made the count.
Odd Fellows Avenge a Crime.
YERINGTON, Nev.. April 4.-.Tames
Walters, a School Trustee, assaulted Mrs.
Charles Howard, wife of an Odd Follow,
a few days ago. The local lodge prose
cuted and convicted him, and he was
fined $100 and costs.
Drowned in Washoe Lake.
CARSON, April 4.— Fred Mather, aged
22 years, was drowned in Washoo Lake
this afternoon. Pie and Hermann French
were hunting and fishing on the lake and
started across In separate boats. French
says he heard Mather call him, saying
his boat was leaking. Mather was ex
cited, lost his head, jumped into the
water and was drowned before French
reached him. Friends are dragging the
lake for his body.
♦ '
SANTA BARBARA'S ELECTION.
Exciting Contest Results in th«
Choice of Burke for Mayor.
SANTA BARBARA, April 4.— ln many
ways to-day's election has been the most
remarkable ever contested In this city,
although the number of candidates haa
been unusually small, save in the Fifth
Ward, where there were four candidates
for Councilman. The election has proved
almost a. Waterloo for the present city
regime, only two of its candidates for
City C'ouncilmen being elected. The count
in the Third Ward is progressing very
slowly, so that it will not be known be
fore to-morrow who is elected Council
man. Indications point to the defeat of
Caesar Lataillade, who has been known
as the boss of the ward for years.
The following are elected: E. M. Burke,
Mayor; D. W. Martin. Marshal; C. W.
Burgin, City Assessor; W. R. Kearney,
City Tax Collector; S. S. Price, Police
Ju.uge; J. B. Wentling, N. D. Smith.
George Culbertson, D. F. Hunt and
Charles Weile, Councilman. Burkes ma
jority is about 250.
Will iflant Sugar Beets.
STOCKTON, April 4.— Farmers In the
vicinity of New Hope are irrigating their
lands and getting ready to plant sugar
beets for a season's crop on grain lands
that have failed. . The seeding will com
mence as soon as u»e ground is in con
dition to be worked. Tracts on Grand,
Ryer and Brannan Islands are being ir
rigated for the purpose. In all it is ex
pected that 5000 acres of beets will be
grown in this county.
Fifth. Victim From the Fire.
BUTTE, Mont., April 4.— Another body
was recovered from the Hale House mini
to-day. It was identified as Martin Roo
ney, formerly of Scranton. Pa. Thia
makes the fifth known victim.
Will Not Be Operated Upon.
WASHINGTON, April 4.— Lieutenant
Lucien Young, U. S. N., who has arrived
from San Francisco, says he will submit
to no operation for appendicitis, aa re
ported.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\ THE ob j
I CONSUMER !|
5 IS BLOWING THE HORN 5
J FORj»^« #
Blatz
I The rVOAf 9 5
€ STAR KApf« {
$ Milwaukee 1 JWWI £
£ Because he cannot help liking it, ' |
X and we continue to maintain its v
<T high standard to keep him £
? a-blowing. 0
I Call for Blatz. i
\ See that "Blatz" is on the Cork. £
HAL. BLATZ BREWING CO. j
t MILWAUKEE, VVIS., U. S. A. I
£) Louis Cahen & Son, Wholesale Dealers, 0
\ 41 6-4 1 8 Sacramento St. , San Francisco. \
V Telephone Main 416. W
Beware of Catarrh
This deadly, distrusting and offensive ail-
ment leads to consumption and to death un-
less skillfully treated. The English and Ger-
man Expert Specialists, 731 Market street, have
combated successfully with catarrh for many
years and have restored thousands of suffer-
ers to perfect health who had been abandoned
as helpless and incurable by other physicians.
fIC.OO Catarrh OC.OO
03~~ Medicines Free. 0U~""
Book fop Women f^ and
Book for Men I^mlh.
Sufferers ' who cannot see the doctors 'in
person ' should ■ write • for symptom blanks. -"
ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS
731 MARKET STREET. '
" • Hours, J 8-5.' Evenings, 7-8. . Sundays,' 9-11.
■ ■:■■ ■ "~ . :-..-.■ - ■ ■■.;.. -- i ■■■ .-■" . --: .  ■ . •: , '
■ f\n A V orFADEn HATR BFSTORED to
CRAY gffifiirMfe^ •
mores rtHiidruff ■ and «ealp <ilse»«e. Don', gtaln,
skin, overs BALD »p >ts. . Ab<niutelr harnile«s.
J^irgo bottles 50 rents, at drqsglsts. ■ rtetoil agent*, .
NO-PKKi'i-.NTAGE r HAR>r *t:Y, 053 Market < it! I
AVholesala-MACK A CO.: LANGLKY A lUCI£
34
TWO SCORE BODIES OF
FLOOD VICTIMS FOUND
HUNDREDS '
ALSO MADE
HOMELESS
Raging Waters Cause
Fearful Havoc at
Shawneetown.
Without Any Warning
Many Houses W r ere
Swept Off.
From the Broken Levee a
Great Wall of Water Carried
Death and Destruction.
DWELLINGS SWEPT AWAY
Eefore tha Raoovery of the Victims
the Work of Relieving the Un
fortunate Living Commence cL
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RIDGEWAY. 111., April 4.— To-night
almost two score bodies of the victims
of the Shawneetown flood have been
recovered, and hundreds of homeless
people are dependent upon charity for
food and shelter. The death list is
likely to be largely increased when defi
nite information from the negro quar
ter, which suffered most, is secured.
The flood burst on these people with
out warning, and owing to the wealc
construction of their shanties they top
pled over in the rush of water, leaving
their inmates no means of getting out
nf danger. Hundreds of people who
lived farther from the river front
sought safety on roofs and in upper
stories or made retreat to the hills to
the west. These are being removed as
rapidly as possible to places where they
can be given proper care. No effort has
yet been made to search for bodies, the
attention of the relief parties being di
rected almost entirely to the distribu
tion of supplies and making the home
less as comfortable as possible. The re
lief work is well organized. Tents and
blankets sent by the Governor to-day
will bs promptly distributed. Those
who escaped lost everything and their
homes are in ruins. The missing, as
far as known to-night, are:
Colonel Calllcot.
Wash Callicot.
Mrs. Calllcot.
Mrs. Galloway.
Dora Galloway.
Mary Galloway.
Mrs. Hollls.
Mrs. Greer.
Mrs. Ed Flake.
Charles Clayton.
Mrs- Clayton.
Four Clayton children.
Annie Reinholt.
Clarence Reinholt.
Mrs. Paul Phalen.
Three Phalen children-
Nephew of the Phalena.
Mrs. McClain.
Florence Evans.
Ellen McAllister (colored).
Mary McAllister (colored).
R. B. Hooker, telegraph oper
ator of the Louisville and Nash
ville.
Henry King and four children
(colored).
Miss Cora Sherwood.
Frank A. Morrison.
Mrs. A. A. Hathaway.
Late to-night it It estimated that the
loss of life in the negro quarter may
reach fifty, besides those accounted for.
Ed Flake, whose wife was drowned,
came to Cypress Junction to-day and
said that there were fifteen people in
his house when the flood struck the
building. Only himself and one other
succeeded In escaping before the build
ing toppled over. Flake was hysterical
from grief and could not give the names
of the thirteen who were lost.
Marsh Callicot, the son of Wash Cal
llcot and wife, who perished, made a
heroic effort to save his parents. He
secured a rowboat and got within
forty feet of where his mother and
father were imprisoned. The swift cur
rent prevented him from getting nearer.
The parents stood in the yard in water
to their waists awaiting the arrival of
the boat. Suddenly a wave swept them
into the current and they were drowned
before their son's eyes.
David Rookendoffer and wife were in
their home, directly in the path of the
huge wave that swept through the
broken dyke. Their little son in the
yard saw the wave coming and hur
riedly climbed a tree. The father and
mother had time to rush upstairs when
the house was swept from its founda
tion. They climbed on the roof as the
house floated off and heard their little
eon. in the tree say: "Good-by, papa
and mamma." The agonized parents
were powerless to get to his assistance,
and in a few moments the house had
been carried beyond the reach ; of the
boy's voice. They floated from the
north levee to the south levee, a dis
tane of a mile, and wfre taken off in
safety. The little son was subsequently
rescued in the treetop by a boat and the
family reunited. '
Mr. Rookendoff er said that as he
floated down the current on the house
top he saw people drowning on all
Bides. The colored quarter of the city,
known as "Negro flats," was ' com
pletely inundated by the rush of water.
It is believed that a large number of
colored people perished, 1 as the ground
was flooded in a twinkling and to-night
the water stands twenty-five feet deep
in that locality. r #. ■
J. T. Hogan of Omaha, 111., left the
scene of the flood half an hour -before
the dyke > broke. His brother-in-law,
Sheriff Galloway of Gallatin " County,
whose home was in Shawneetown, had
the. same; good fortune. The Sheriffs
wife ; and two daughters were ■■' swept
away and their bodies have not > yet
been recovered. Hogan's story of ; the
flood ' shows that the townspeople had
*j>"oiiitelY no warning *£ the danger. ?;
ewm »mfc | 'iwj» ■^-jj^i^ .',-- . .Mr-.-- _— . i.ffciVn iT-.i^r- L«?4. *- ,_ ~^ -,*-~ . «a
THE BREAK IN THE LEVEE.
This Picture Represents a Scene on the Ohio River Above Shaw
neetown, 111., When the Levee Broke During the Great Flood of
1883. Drawn From a Picture and Description by an Eye Witness
About 5 o'clock last evening, he said,
the levee on the north side of town gay.»
away at the north end of Market street,
near the Courthouse. An opening ten
feet wide was at first made, but it
quickly spread to twenty, and a wall
of water ten or fifteen feet high poured
through the main street, sweeping
everything before it. About fifty «?mall
frame houses along the line of the lev t -e
to the south were crushed like toys and
none of the occupants, most of whom
were poor colored folks, escaped. Those
living in the more substantial hous-cs
managed to climb to second and third
stories,- where they clung for hours
through the chilly night. Houses in the
western part of the town did not at
once feel the effect of the flood and »esl
dents made hurried step* for safety,
most of them going to the leve; on the
smith si^e of the town. A loise num
ber also reached the little hills which
are a mile from the town and from
there saw their property crumble in
the muddy waters. TVhen daylight came
this morning the streets wer? full of
water to a depth of ten or twelve fett.
Only the most substantial buildings in
the central business district remain
standing. Water is everywhere.
Ridgeway, which is twelve miles
from Shawneetown, was made the
basis of relief, work. All rail com
munication bein^r cut off for four miles
out, boats were constructed this morn-
Ing and at once started to the scene.
Thf»- reached a point within two miles
of the flooded town. More boats were
secured and the rescuers crossed to
Shawneetown. They found a sad con
dition existing in the ill-fated town.
Hundreds of those who escaped the
rush of wate were perched on roofs,
trees and along the top of the levee.
They were taken from their dangerous
positions as rapidly as possible. Owing
to the scarcity of boats, the work was
very slow, but over 200 persons, in
cluding many women and children,
were taken to the roadway, two miles
from Shawneetown, and thence to
Cypress Junction. Here the greater
part of them are camped to-night,
with very little to eat, and exposed to
the driving rain and piercing wind.
Cypress Junction is almost surrounded
by water, which has overflowed the
banks of the Wabash and is covering
the entire country. The overflow from
the broken dyke at Shawneetown has
backed two miles inland, but is to
night slowly receding. It will be im
possible to recover any bodies until
the waters recede very materially. In
fact, the rescuers are making very
little effort in that direction, but are
working to save those who escaped
alive. The Riverside Hotel and court
house and the Ridgeway Bank are in
tact and found to have been used by
the fleeing inhabitants for shelter.
The upper stories were crowded.
Last night the Catholic Academy, the
schoolhouse. City Hall and the River
side Hotel, all situated on high ground
above the water were crowded with
homeless people. Hundreds are to-night
sleeping on the water banks under
such rude shelter as they can construct
from the floating debris. Absolutely
nothing has been saved in the city. The
stores and other business houses are
flooded to the second floors. All the
streets are under water from ten to
thirty feet.
Provisions are constantly arriving
from all the neighboring towns. A re
lief train arrived here to-night, but
owing to the high winds and rough
ness of the water at the ferry crossing
all attempts to transfer the provisions
across have been abandoned. They have
been taken to the water's edge, and at
the break of day will be ferried across.
The heavy rain still continues, and at
6 o'clock a high cold wind sprang- up
adding to the misery of the sufferers in
the stricken town. At 11 o'clock to
night a telephone message was received
from Shawneetown saying that the
south levee was cracking and threaten
ing to go at any moment. It is about
sure that it will break before morning.
This will not add to the depth of the
water in the town, but will create a
current through the streets that will
prove dangerous to rescuers in skiffs.
THREATENED WITH
TOTAL DESTRUCTION.
Shawneetown May Bs Visited by a
Second Catastrophe Far More Seri
ous Than the First.
RIDGEWAY, 111.. April 4.—Shawnee
town, flood-swept last night, is threat
ened with total destruction to-night.
Innumerable more lives may be lost
before another day has passed.
Hundreds of people have not yet been
rescued from the houses in which they
were imprisoned, others are still in the
tree tops and still others are afloat on
the waste of the torrent. Late reports
say the entire levee will be destroyed
by morning and every frame house in
town is certain to be dashed to pieces.
The wind is blowing thirty-five miles
an hour, with rain that cuts like glass.
Great fear is expressed for the rescue
force now in Shawneetown, as nothing
can resist the power of the waves dash
ing ten feet high under the impetus of
the gale. If the storm does not cease
the entire town is doomed as well as
most of the people who have not yet
leached the hilltops. This information
comes by telephone from the tempo
rary station on the hillsides west of
Shawneetown.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 5, 1898.
DEATH CHEATED
OF ONE CLAIMED
FOR ITS OWN
People of Lima Excited Over What
They Believe a Miraculous
Resurrection,
Copyrighted, IS9S. by James Gordon Bennett
LIMA, Peru, April 4. — Intense excitement prevails here over what
many citizens consider the miraculous resurrection of the Archbishop
of Lima, the most Rev. Manuel Antonio Bandini, D. D.
After an illness lasting many weeks the Archbishop apparently ex
pired at noon on Saturday last. He was seized by a paroxysm anci fell
back in bed. Those in attendance quickly felt his pulse and listened for
his breathing. Both, it was said, had ceased, and the Archbishop was
declared dead. Immediately word was passed through the city that the
prelate had expired. Bells were tolled throughout 4 a guard of
honor was placed about the episcopal palace and arrangements for the
funeral began.
The physicians present at the time when the Archbishop appar
ently expired were not entirely satisfied that life was extinct and on
the bare chance of reviving their distinguished patient they d termined
to resort to heroic measures. They injected caffeine and ether, and at
1 o'clock r the afternoon— scarcely an hour after his pulse had ceased
—the Archbishop opened his eyes languidly and gazed on the expectant
group which surrounded his bedside. Consternation prevailed for an
instant and even the physicians were surprised.
Then extraordinary efforts were made to restore him. These were
fairly successful and the Archbishop was able to thank those present
for their care.
The doctors say that the Archbishop has a peculiar physical or
ganization and that this fact Is responsible for the first announcement
of his death. At the farthest it will be only a few days before the pre
late is carried off, for he is weaker and sinking rapidly.
In the meantime many fanatical persons insist that a miracle has
been performed and are accordingly in a very excited state of mind.
MANAGERS OF
NAPA ASYLUM
A. W. Barrett, E. Wash
burn and R. P. Lam
din Appointed.
i
Will Direct the Affairs of the
Hospital for the Next
Four Years.
Indications That th« State Printing
Office Is Soon to Resume
Operations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April 4.— A. "W. Bar
rett, E. Vvashburnand Robert P. Lamdin
were to-day ap inted managers of the
Kapa Asylum for the Insane for terms
of four years. Thomas Flint, F. D.
Ryan and Walter W. Greer were ap
pointed trustees of Sutters Fort.
At the meeting c* the State Board of
Examiners to-day Governor Budd ex
pressed himself as confla^r 1 * of being
able to propose a plan whereby the
State Printing Office would be able to
resume its operations as soon as the
necessity arose. In an informal dis
cussion with the Attorney-General the
latter agreed with the Governor that
some plan could be devised, and no
doubt would be when the time arrived
for the printing of certain reports ex
pressly directed by law.
The State Treasurer appeared before
the board and laid before it the neces
sity of taking immediate steps to pro
vide him with books necessary to con
duct the affairs of his office. The board
recognized the force of Mr. Rackliffe's
claim, and the Governor assured him
that provision would be made for the
emergency. The Secretary of State will
be placed in a position to supply the
necessary stationery.
A deficiency of $2500 was allowed the
Secretary of State, who si ? ed the
necessity of it to the satisfaction of the
Governor and the Attorney-General.
Some claims against the State for ar
chitects' and draughtsmen's fees In
preparing the plans for Whittier were
rejected, and an investigation will, no
doubt, be had before they are paid. The
plans for the San Diego Normal School
were submitted, together with some
specifications of errors and mistakes
submitted by an outside architect
WAR OF RACES
AT A CANNERY
Riot at Milpitas Over
the Employing of
Chinese.
Officers Summoned From San
Jose to Protect Life and
Property.
Arrest of Twenty Persons, Including
a Girl but Eighteen Years
of Age.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, April 4.— There was a riot
at the cannery at Mllpitas this morn
ing over the employment of Chinese.
About 150 Portuguese men and women
took part in the affair, and for a time
it looked as though the Chinese would
be roughly handled. Teams hauling
asparagus to the cannery were stopped
by the crowd. Superintendent Hodges
became alarmed and telephoned to the
Sheriff's office, asking for protection,
and Deputy Sheriff Gardner and a half
dozen deputies went to the scene of hos
tilities. Some twenty arrests were
made p« charges of disturbing the
peace.
Among thost. arrested was Kate San
ders, an 18-year-old girl, who Is said
to have been the leader among her sex.
The following men were brought to the
County Jail, but were subsequently ta
ken back to Mllpitas to be arraigned:
M. P. Mendosa, T. A. Delamon, Manuel
Silvado, Manuel Fantado, Manuel de
Rosa, John Ceravigne and John Bar
tello. The others arrested were not
brought to San Jose.
The cannery is owned by the Oak
land Packing Company, of which Till
mann & Bendel are the principal stock
holders. It was erected a couple of
years ago for the purpose of canning
vegetables. Heretofore about forty
hands have been employed and the
work was given to people livin" in the
vicinity. This year, however, Chinese
were put Into the cannery. This aroused
the ire of the ex-employes, and this
morning the Portuguese residents gath
ered en masse to protest against the
employment of Mongolians. <
HE COMES FROM
WHALERS NOW
IN THE ARCTIC
The Third Mate of the Bel
j vedere Reaches
Civilization.
Journeys Across Alaskan Wilds,
Suffering Untold Hardships
and Enduring the Pangs
of Hunger.
VICTORIA, April 4.— Arriving at Departure Bay this morning the steam
schooner Albion brought the first news from the whaling fleet which six
months ago was imprisoned in the Ice, apparently with little hope of rescue,
in the frozen wilderness of the Arctic Ocean, east of Point Barrow. On
the Albion was G. F. Tilton, third officer of the steamship Belvedere, who char
tered that vessel at the mouth of Copper River to take him to Astoria,
whence he will go direct to Washington, D. C.
Mr. Tilton left the icebound whaling steamship to which he is attached
about six months ago, and, in company with a small party of Esquimaux,
made his way over the Ice and across the frozen Alaskan country to the
mouth of Copper River, where, luckily, he found the steam schooner Albion,
which had taken a party of prospectors to that district and was about to re
turn.
The journey, which occupied five months and twenty-two days, was a ter
rible one, for in many places, as the little band traversed the icy wilderness,
they had almost insurmountable difficulties to overcome. In places the ice
was piled up like mighty cairns, and they had to crawl up and over, carry-
Ing their food and supplies in small vessels. Often they were obliged to climb
carrying even their dogs on their backs.
To add t 3 the terrors of the arduous Journey the little band ran short of
supplies and had it not been for the skill of the natives in foraging they
would have starved. The natives were expert hunters and just when it
seemed hunger would prevent their proceeding to the coast they managed to
replenish their larder by oting bear or other animals. On several oc
casions they captured silver foxes, the skins of which ase very valuable, but
the pelts were not nearly so valuable in the eyes of Mr. Tiltoh and his com
rades as was their flesh, which kept the life in the half-frozen bodies of the
pilgf Ims.
The weather was frightfully cold and Mr. Tilton was severely frozen more
than once. His native companions, accustomed as they are to the rigors of
the northern climate, suffered severely yet they struggled on and ultimately
reached the coast in safety.
In October last passengers on the Bristol from Unalas!:a brought the news
that the steamship Orca, Captain Sherman; the steamship Belvedere, Captain
Millard; the steam tender Jeanie, Captain Mason; the steamship Fearless,
Captain McKenzie; the schooner Rosario, Captain Coffin, and at least one
other vessel had been pinned in the ice with little chance of their escaping
from destruction. Although there was room for hope that the crews of the
vessels might have been able to reach one of the Esquimaux settlements
there was great danger that the food supply would be limited and starva
tion inevitable. A relief expedition was organized and dispatched from Seat
tle, the United States revenue cutter Bear being detailed to do all possible to
rescue the men from a lingering death.
In an interview at Departure Bay. Mr. Tilton is reported to have said that
the men belonging to the whalers were, when he left, as comfortable as could
be expected, and the danger from starvation was not as great as had been
dreaded. He saw nothing of the revenue cutter Bear, and, in fact, did not
hear of the dispatch of the relief expedition until his arrival at salt water.
A dispatch received from Mr. Tilton himself at Nanaimo yesterday, on
the contrary, would seem to imply that he did meet the Jarvis expedition,
although the meeting may have taken place close to salt water. Mr. Til
ton's dispatch to The Call was:
NAXAIMO, B. C, April 4, 1398
Editor Call, San Francisco, Cal.: Arrived from Point Barrow, Alaska, with in
formation. Also peculiar circumstances of meeting the Jarvis relief expedition.
G. F. TILTON, Third Officer Steam Whaler Belvedere.
SURVEYORS OFF
TO THE NORTH
Gunboat Wheeling Will
Carry Government
Expeditions.
Sails To-Day "With Geological
Parties Sent to Make
Explorations.
Officers or the Vessel Would Much
Prefer to Serve on Atlantic
Warships.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, April 4.— At 2 o'clock to
morrow morning the United States
gunboat Wheeling will sail from this
port for Alaska. There was a general
hope expressed among the officers of
the Wheeling tl.at a change of orders
would come from the Navy Depart
ment. Captain Sebree says there are
a hundred picked men on board, and
they would prove a valuable adjunct
to one of our warships in case of a con
flict with Spain. His orders are to re
turn to Seattle with the Wheeling by
May 15.
The Wheeling has aboard the mem
bers of the Government geological sur
vey parties and their outfits of ten tons,
not including nine small cedar canoes.
The gunboat will steam direct to
Haines Mission from here. One o? the
geological parties will be landed there
with half the outfit From Haines
Mission she will go to Sitka for coal.
Then the other party will be landed on
the shore of Cooks Inlet.
The geological expedition will be com
posed of eight officers and eighteen men
in all. Half of them will go into the
interior of Alaska from Haines Mission.
The others will be landed in Cooks In
let at the mouth of the Rushinta River.
The party landed at Haines Mission or
Skaruay will be divided, and proceed
across the passes in charge of Messrs.
Barnard and Spear. They expect to
explore the headwaters of the White
and Tanc-na rivers, -»«fl one of the par
ties will &r> down the Tanana to its
mouth. The other party will malio a
map of the coik try west of the YuKon,
including the Forty Mile mining dis
trict. The Cooks Inlet party will also
be divided. One party, under the di
rection of E. J. Peters, will explore the
Rushinta drainage basin. George H.
Eldridge, chief of the entire expedi
The i fee-simile /rf s/fT^rt* i« on every wrapper
•^nature of V/u^/Z/'&SA^: of CASTOEIA.
tion, will take the remaining men over
the divide to the Kuskokuk River and
explore the country thoroughly.
Bleecker's Leg Broken.
BOSTON, April 4.— Commander Bleeck
er of the cruiser Bancroft, which arrived
here to-day, had his leg broken during
a storm at sea on March 23. He was
taken to the hospital, where the physi
cian in charge says he will have to stay
a month.
City of Columbia Proceeds.
VALPARAISO, April 4.— The , steamer
City of Columbia, from New York for
Seattle, before reported as having put in
here on February 14 seriously damaged
by striking a rock, proceeded on April 2.
Missionary Superintendent.
BOSTON, April 4.— Rev. Loyal T. Wlrt
of California has been appointed mission
ary superintendent of the Congregational
Home Missionary Society in Alaska.
Baptist Church Reopened.
BERKELEY, April 4.— The First Bap
tist Church, which has been moved from
Dwight way, near Shattuck avenue, was
yesterday reopened on its new site on
Allston way and Fulton street. Spe
cial services were held at 3:30 o'clock
this afternoon, in which the following
clergymen took part: Rev. D. J. Pierce,
pastor of the church; Rev. E. A Woods
of San Francisco. Rev. H. C. Woods dis
trict superintendent of home missions-
Rev. J. Sunderland, superintendent of
foreign missions; Rev. B. AVhittaker su
perintendent of State missions- Rev C
M. Hill and Rev B. Bennett of' Oakland!
Rev S. C. Keech of Golden Gate: Rev
W. H. Latourette and Rev. Geortre B
"Peace or WarP"
BERKELEY. April 4.-Rev. John Coyle
of the Trinity Methodist Church of
Berkeley preached last evening on "Peace
or War?" devoting especial attention to
SIR WALTER RALEIGH nw swttxs
thYfi^thi^v- S "°-? e c °nsolatlon from
"Observations on the Navy and Sen §pV
vice" would look to be in Vn?e »rt »n
\vJtr **&£* British ; Admiralty. Sir
thpnr^Vln 5^ was a man who saw Only
noth^ C at C«C «n 8 !r de °£ hia Profession, caring
?h» LVf l i aU fo^ theoretical fancies; and
latd do X wn X a°r? S the OOsO sss r c a °° d shlp that he
\v£ \?3}& th '?u he be stout-sided.
*Ml U 55i y d,e? at She Carry out her
(0) Fifthly that she hull and try well.
-USrSixthly^that she stay^well when
(6) Sixthly, that she stay well when
bourdmg and ..turning on t a wind is re
quired.—Contemporary Review. - «
ENGLAND GETS
WEI-HAI-WEI
Arranges With China to
Take Charge of the
Port.
Negotiations Concluded With
the Approval of the
Japanese.
Neither Russia Nor Germany Pleased
With This Success of Their
Enemy.
Special Dispatch to The Cal.
LONDON, April 4.— lt was semi
officially announced to-day that Great
Britain had made arrangements with
China to take over the port of Wei-
Hai-Wei, on the Shang Tung peninsu
la, when the ' 'linese Government has
paid the war indemnity cjjue to Japan
and the Japanese troops have evacu
ated the place. The arrangement, it is
added, was made with the knowledge
and approval of Japan, with which
country an agreement had previously
been arrived at. The latter fact was
kept secret until China had actually
agreed to the lease and the British fleet
had assembled in the vicinity.
It is said on good authority tha^
neither Russia nor Germany is pleased,
at the arrangement, and it is added
that the island of Leu Kung Tau, at ths
entrance of Wei-Hai-Wei, will be
strongly fortified, while the land bat
teries destroyed by the Japanese can
speedily be reconstructed.
MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS
IN TWO STATES.
Victories Won by Democrats and
Republicans in Michigan and
Ohio Contests.
DETROIT, Mich., April 4.— Municipal
elections were held in all Michigan cities
excepting Detroit and Port Huron, the
Democrats showing decided gains in most
of the large cities.
At Grand Rapids Republican majorities
were entirely overthrown. At Saglnaw
the Democrats swept the city ticket and
elected thirteen out of fifteen aldermen.
Benton Harbor Is Democratic for' the first
time with a Republican Council. Kala
mazoo elected the Republican Mayor and
a majority of the Council. At Marquette
the citizens' candidate defeated his Silver
Democratic opponent. Muskegon Repub
licans elected a Mayor and rive out of
eight Aldermen.
CINCINNATI. April 4.— But little inter
est was taken in the municipal elections
in Ohio to-day. In this city but 33,000
votes were polled. The Democrats elected
Edward J. Dempscy Superior Judge over
John Galvin, Republican, by 1862 votes.
In Cleveland the Republicans elected
school directors by about 400 majority, a
gain of 1000. and elected constables and
justices, as well as a majority of tha
City Councilmen. Several thousand
women voted for school officers.
The Democrats were successful In Day
ton, Sandusky. Mansfield, Zanesville, Fre
mont, Tiffin. Canton and Miirysville.
The Republicans were successful in
Massflon, Ravenna, Urbana, Elyria and
Mount Vernon.
Bowling Green re-elected the Mayor,
who fined himself fon getting drunk.
SLOOP TYREE WRECKED.
Crew of the Vessel Reported to Have
Escaped Death.
NANAIMO, April 4.— Word was received
here to-day that the sloop Tyree of Kat
chikan, Alaska, has been wrecked. The
crew was saved. The Tyree waa owned
by L. D. Cole of Portland, Or.
Mfl lAf nls yom day to-day. It may not |
111 1 V I lie to-morrow. Yon are a weai |
and taif-tearted man,. and you a
tnow it. ifrald of your own i
■ ■__■'• shadow. Your Knees ' Shal e; yon 1
*6™3f ere tasMnl, and yon iaye clammy |
Jf^^. night sweats, spots terors your i
fijA] «7es and no coura^s or hops left, a
*€QMJi Brace up and 05 a mail |
nliU mate' a man out of you ? , Yes It I
will, and do it In no time. It I
will .'restore your convenes In M
your own rowers and tiring to yon §3
cmv full pleasure. '- Life will lss alto- g
JH^ jetner'new to yon. 18,000 neo- I
Svrar lie nave Ueen cured Uy "Hndyai." |
Hflv Send for free circulars. j
Til r ll if yonnm little ulcers In your |
I llLli'inoutn, : tne nasty lumps in tie 1 ,
tnrcat, tnin : eyeurows . or any, cf'B !
tie sips ' of blood . poison— no I
'.'matter in wHat stage it may De— S
'about tie "30-day Wood cure." i
It does tie mil \no matter wiat 1
. tie stage of tie disease may eg. a
And it cures always. ; *, »
Circulars and testimonials about 9
"Hudy an" and the "30-day blood B
cure" are absolutely free to you, and Eg
so Is the most excellent medical advice H
in the world. , All you have to do is to I
ask for it. Costs no thin £. Si
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, " Market and [Ills Sts,,
San Francisco.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is '; a power: ui i .uruu.siac and speciUo ; luaio
for j the ? sexual and urinary organs or both ■
texts, and a great remedy for. diseases of th«
kidneys and bladder, v; A i great Restoratlva.
lnvlgorator - and ;- Nervine. :,. : Sells on . its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary. -
«•* NABER. ALFS i& - BRf\ T Agent! . ' . '
Xt , Market \ Street. 8. F.— iSend ■ (or CJ--cul»raFLASHLIGHT
WON DRIVING
Defeated the Favorite, Ed
die Jones, for the Ala
meda Handicap.
Hennessy Showed His Old-
Time Form Astride the
Winner.
A Liberal Attendance Reopening Day
at Oakland— Three Choices
in Front.
Alftmeda handicap, over a distance
te, was the feature of the card
r . ' aid yesterday, and was captured
:■ and 'xuberville's handy per
i>hlight,ridden in dashing fash
;■- ""Mike" Hennessy. The bay horse
to 1 chance, and as the field
• ' down the back stretch,
rhpletely out as he galloped be
■hii : ■ h. Taking a great chance,
tc the Inside, turning into
■ V ■ . for home, and meeting with a
:' luck got up in time to col
>t out the 9 to 10 favorite Eddie
t a length in 1:424. The value of
:■ . ■■ ike. to the winner was s7oo. Song and
ntshed in the show.
ndance was good considering
which was a trifle below par.
..gtd to pick up half of the
nlng five-furlong scramble was
< . . . f<»r the Burns and Water
) • try, Miss Kowena, which hopped
front at the start and won all the
was a 1 to 2 favorite. Offl
■ ■ • Lace from Balllster after a
Irive.
1 was an overwhelming favor
• r-old scramble at four
lit In a fierce drive was led out
. / Ferguson's promising filly.
'■. -s, against which 6 to 1 was
: ■■■ honors w<'tit to Orossmolina.
. • purpe affair was only a gallop
: the 2 to l favorite. Thorpe had
front when the Ftreteh was
■ \ the Three «.' beers horse won
.-•■il trom <"laudius, a 15 to 1
t . irdy-comlng L,ost Girl was a
starting a " to 2 favorite, led
' to finish in th.' mile iind a six
. < laspar out nearly
: ■ lengths in 1:48%. The
v r. ■ • • (1 was third.
went i ■ the post even money
f■■ .'•■ . ■■•• • al run, but a poor
• I •"t h»-lp his chances, and at the
b downed easily by San Venado,
: choice, piloted by Clawson.
•t".. • Qan wj the show horse.
Track Notes.
•'.• • ..Ti'f»;;??*U'-,'haa concluded to stay In theh orse
kfter'all. Yesterday he purchased the
;."j*h.lffy fflly-Ocorona from E. J. Baldwin.
' \ : \ Tuiiitny. ;>lcGeo was presented with a hand
'Banie; gcrfd.-.iva'tch yesterday by Tod Sloan.
■•;;-■ Th<» : .Ev.rnmer' racing: circuit will begin at
"-.ruento' oh May 28, bo it was stated yes
":serdn,y.. ....•■ '
■\:-i>siifpor6>3ots\ one of the Burns Handicap
.I'jprnb.lbllities, ' Was pent a mile and a quarter
" O ; e."=Tf:riay In 2:OS. Hi may bear watching.
'. .'.San Venado was entered In the last race to
£c sold, for JI2OO, and the Baldwin stable evl
ijenjljj'. did; cot expect a bid up. W. H. Tim
;bibri|i.-' though, evidently fancies the brown colt
.ivirnew-fiat, for. he boosted him to $1605, the
jtitaW*- retaining him.
'^'lipnnle Clayton will pilot Buck Massle In the
fuurru* Handicap. It waf given out yesterday
. that'.'Sepnitor Bland would not be a starter in
■•.this: jcjjnNngr hip event.
:-,'J3f|fhit:een bookmaklng- firms chalked prices In
the' -f ir.s* "
■ :,:.'.'TiAnsrshQt" ,Icy'F departure for the li^ist
->:>«im-.V£(y ninrtilDF creiitej quite a vacancy in'
:~t*"\- 3/v'Kty. farj,f, It now beslns to look .as
'Xh'i.UKh'. there was (rotng to be a paucity of rld
.'.•ir/^loJent •Burns Hruidirap day. as the field In
■ tJ-.at event promises to be a big one.
:.". TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First- Rare— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upwanj.' . '
"-.va\lo ...... ..ill 525 Hohenlohe tOo
716 Rebecca Wells. .loo 526 .Salisbury 11...
..: I»s TronCos ....IIS ... Joe Mussle 11«
ft ■ 3'lurnerla .: 1U C 3 Negligence ... 105
648\Fly .•.".'..••.»■ 11! t2H Lucky Star . 113
J3> Rosorinonae 1M 779 Walter J 119
7.'3 ■ -nary 110 769 Pelxotto 116
Sol Naranja .., 11l
Second ' Race— Five and a half furloncs: three
yfor-«olrfs.' . ' 1 ■
r44Al^rta ■ 97! 7 - Idomenus 99
S3<s t)p.i!y R. Form. lo7 758 Rosa .. . 106
i:i?,.Elsmwe' .■ 107 f29 Duke York 11. .'.110
74?«Towajida. •• ■ 102! SIS Little Alarm ...102
tit Ha4Jiip.y •' lf)7 825 Oahu '•:
J>S:/t;iiT!.r)'.Anne 102 7«4 Rom Maid 07
.sS:lrtrltajor:; 104 1 739 Outlay 107
Thlrji;:i'.,art.f>-i-One and a sixteenth miles; sell-
Ing ;• ■ ■ car-oIdB and upward.
■ Uiool,n^A-. i ■ 91 523 Lena 101
. ; .jsi}*™' ■"l" l 108 774 Rey del Tlerra.'lN
IfSj^-::::: II en Heidelberg "a
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
VLtFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -Oakland Track-132d day of the
'Winter Meeting, Monday, April 4. 1898. Weather fine. Track
fi.RST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $300.
■ ; rgep. Weight. jSt. >»m. 4m. fcm. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. (Op.
Itowena I*6 i 1 ... 12 n 12 13 Thorpe 1-2
r 10718 ... 7 3 63 33 22 Gray 3
. :-r 1 10413 ... 2 3 2 4 2 4 3 5 H. Martin.... 6
107 6 ... 44 G 2 52 41 Ruiz 20
•■> ...-.:; 108 6 ... 3h 3h 4 >4 El Hennessy .... 5
107 7 ... 62 4h 65 61 Claweon 12
ptVA.h-.rrt. -. 102 4 ... 8 8 8 7 Holmes 30
.1041 2 ... 6 H 7 2 7 4 8 Kelly 80
■ - : -'.4i ".'lnri<n\ Burns & Waterhouse's b. f. by Imp. Midlothian-imp. Paloma.
.■ttwt-.;. v^:. easily. Second and third driving.
fi^gV;- SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; sellng; two-year-old fillies; purse, $300.
"Weight, j St. him. Hm. %m. Stir Fin. Jockeys. jOp.
IDS 5 11 Pi 1 >,<j H. Martin....' 5-2
: : 1' . V:iv m\ 4 24 2li 210 Thorpe 2-5
• .... :•••■ 1 .... ... 4 3 3 2 :'. 4 Gray 10
101] I ... ... 3~h 4 4 4 4 Clawaon 5
; . I'd 3 ... ... 5 6 5 iMdntyre .... 20
Winner, T. G. Ferguson's b. f. by Prince Royal-Imp. Under Crust.
• three driving.
W/lfJ THIRD RACE— One mile; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
1
8
I 3
6
5
7
4
! 2
1 2
7 3
2 3
4 H
3 h
6 2
8
6%
1 6
6 3
2 4
G 2
3 h
4 h
8
7 2
1 2
3 3
2 %
5 2
4 "4
65
8
7 4
1 3
1- 2
3 5
4 1
6 1
6 1
7
S
>c
tartln....
«sy ....
ion
es
1-2
3
6
20
S
IS
M
H
. Cl.
3 1-2
3 13-5
6 10
0 60
5 15
2 15
9-500
(> 200
Good
. cT.
2 6
5 2-5
I) 15
5 12
I 16
Good
H. Martin....
Thorpe
5-2
2-5
v
■ 5
20
Gray
riawson
M.lntyre
; purse, $400.
:■
.835 -Oraxly; 5; 115 5 2% 2 1 In 11 13 Thorpe I 3-5 2-5
;.-■;■■: Claudius, a lOa 1 6 2 6% 5 2 44 2 1% Clawson 12 12
fie&.Loßt .Girl, 4 108 6 42 43 3% Sh 3h Ilennr^sy .... 4 7-2
■r4:MaK.>ro, 5 11213 11 1% 2 3 24 4 S Stevens ' 4 8
:.^2.-A4l«babad.- 6 -..105 2 7 7 7 6h52 Ruiz 40 100
;457 Glad; Eyes, 4 m 4 83 32 4% 65 6 2 H. 8r0wn.... 10 100
£&f>l i^Vftlstle - Bird.' 4 tOB| 7 5% 66 66 77 [Joe Weber.... DO 800
; Time. 1:42%. Winner, Owens Bros." b. h. by Three Cheers-Gold Cup. Good start. Won
Mjrily, •;
3-5
12
4
4
40
10
so
2-5
12
7-2
8
100
100
SOO
,V I "' Ji;iiTH RACE— One mile; all ages; the Alameda Handicap; purse, $1000.
>lKht.
ST.
-.
W FlaFhlipht, 6 11513 6 6 C • 5 2 lit. Henne
7«3 .Kd die Jones, 3 110 ! 1 m in 14. H . Hi Thorp*
834 •'■ Bone- and Dance, a. 138 4 3h 6 4 3 h ■ lh 35 riawsi
835. ■•rtimf. 4 100 5 2 1 24 4h 4 4 4 5 H. Ml
525 I-rirt -»i;mi'?tUß. ... 97! 2 5 IV. 3h 2 h 3 2 6 2 Holme
(734) Ifc.nrile lone, 3.. _.._.. SB| 6 4 y 4 % 6 4 6 6 Woods
Tike, 1:42. Winner, Farrar & Tubervllle's b. h. by Burinam-Laura
start. Won first three driving.
835
S3s'-
ria.«h!ipht, 6 1151 3
vddie Jones. 3 110 1
s'i'nj;.. and Dance, a.IOS 4
'ummPrttme, 4 100 5
; "ort Augustus, 4... 97! 2
:fc .nrile lone, 3. . SBj 6
6
1 M
3 h
2 1
5 1%
4_h
6
1 n
5 U
2 %
3 h
4 %
6
1 %
3h
4 h
2 h
6 V,
5 2
2 % .
1 h
4 %
3 2
_6
1 }4 iHennessy
2Ji Thorpe
3 *) Clawson
4 5 H. Martin....
6 2 Holmes
6 jWoods
?ssy 6 5
c 4-5 9-10
on 10 15
sutin.... 8-5 11-5
•s 15 30
B 15 IS
Winston. Good
M4Q FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; three-year-olds and UDward; purse.
'eight.
I'
Sf>s Myth. 4 .....103 1 12 11% 'I 1% i! . 11% 1 5 Thorpe 2 3-2
4CI. Caspar, 4 98 4 24 31 34 81 3V4 22 Mclntyre .... 10 12
Ml OotohfO. 3.: RS3 71 -, % six 4h 4 M 3% ! Clawson 5-2 13-5
(617) Joe Terry. 5 10217 3% 21 2% 21% 24 44 H. Martin.... . 2 13-5
W4 Little -Crlppl* a....in 428 8 87 272 62 McDonald ... 30 MO
762 Miss RUth, 6 97! 5 6 2 6 1 716% 5% 63 O'Kell 30 200
'■r MtTCUtlo, 4 103 6 61 4% 4 2 '5 2 62 78 Hennessy .... 6 10
Jg.2Tj>-;Mfrtaln». - 8.... 107 8 4% 6% 6 1 8 8 8 H. 8r0wn.... 40 100
<\- -Tittle, l;48'/i. .Winner, Klttleman Bros.' eh. g. by Imp. KUllcratn«-Paradox. Good start.
V. .
840. **?■
and upward; purse. $350.
•x
- ■ I' I **"" **"'• ""• *■ "" -,~
«"?", £ a 1:V VenadO( 8 110 U 3J 1% 1 % l« 13 Clawßon ..... 4 7-2
,(835) nubierjiL-a.... 124 5 7 3H 2? 2 £ 22. Narvaez... 6-5 1
f.-. g. 010n /l Dan, 3 115 4 5 2 «2 <4 6% 3 1 Thorpe ....... 4 5
, lf J ',V"O ; 106 3 2h 2% 3% 4H 4 IV4 H. Martin.... 4 4
(TO) £&» Cochran, 5 113 6 6% 6V4 7 ■3 % ■ 5 2 Iloullier 30 100
79? "Spray. 6 111 7 4h 7 6 2 7 1 6 5 McDonald ... 25 100
740. Distinction,- 4 106 1 1 h J> h 52 6 1 7 Daly |30 200
1:25J4.. Winner, E. J. Baldwin's br. c. by imp! Duncombe-Llzzie B. Good start.
Wpn easily. ■ . - .
1
5
4
3
6
7
J
32
7
0 2
2 h
6 %
4 h
1 h
1%
3 %
Si
5 h
PI 4
2 *
4 %
■ *
6 2
5 2
1 %•
2 Mi
6 %
4 4:
3 >A
7 1
61
13
22
3 1
4 m
5 2
6 C
7
•wson
Narvaez...
srpe
Martin
illier
Donald . . .
ly
Fourth Race — Four and & half furlongs; two
year-olds.
819 Excursion 1071 828 Primavera 110
742 Uhler 103 (7Ss) Maud Ferguson.lls
795 Sam Ramon ...103 ! (sSs)Salntly 118
Fifth Rare — One mile; three- year-olds and up
ward; selling.
808 Amelia Fonso..lM I 821 Sharon Lass ...100
BS3 Bonlto ¥1 l(MS>Myth 106
(So6>Mocorito Ji9l(S26)Red Glenn 106
834 Dr. Marks 87 (842)G00d Friend ... 91
841 Chappie 102 I 842 McLlght 11l
808 Olive 104 1 769 Refugee 108
Sixth Race— Six furlongs; selling; three-year
olds and upward.
771 Bellicoso lll'(B3.TlFonßOvannah ... 97
80S Hermoso 97 (S2O) Montgomery ...103
SCO Midlight 103 i 830 St. Calatine ....105
820 Zamar II 103 1
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Rosormonde, Pelxotto, -.Negli
gence.
Second Race— Elsmore, Dally Racing Form,
Eatlcoy.
Third Race— Candelaria, Rey del Tlerra, Go
tobed.
Fourth Race— Saintly, Maud Ferguson, Ex
cursion.
Fifth Race— McLlght, Pr. Marks, Ronlto.
Sixth Race— Montgomery, Fonsovannah, Bel
llcoso. _________^___
ALAMEDA REPUBLICAN CLUB.
Resolutions Passed Strongly Indors
ing the Course of President
McKinley.
ALAMEDA, April 4.— At the meeting of
the AJameda Republican Club on Satur
day E. R. Anthony was elected president
in place of George H. Payne, resigned on
account of ill-health. The following res
olutions commendatory of Mr. Payne
were adopted:
Whereas, George 11. Payne, for many years
the honored pr»*s;dent of this club, has been
compelled, on account of ill-health, to resign;
therefore be it
Uesolvd, That the Alameda Republican Club
desires to present to Mr. Payne Its heartfelt
thanks for i>xst services, to express sympathy
for him In his Illness, and to earnestly hope
for his speedy recovery.
The following resolutions commendatory
of President McKinJey's course in the
Cuban matter wero also unanimously
adopted:
Whereas, Our country is on the verg^e of in
ternational strife, and realizing: the responsi
ble position of PrtEldent McKlnley, desiring:
to show our entire confidence in his ability to
meet any emergency, and our admiration for
the cautious, dignified and manly course he
he-is pursued throughout the whole trouble;
therefore be It
Resolved, That the Alameda Republican
Club, In open eesslon, pledges Its undivided
support to the President in peace or In war,
knowing that he will avoid the latter If pos
sible to do so with honor to the country.
Resolved, That we protest and condemn the
action of certain daily papers and Individuals
In criticising the President at this time, feel
ins that it Is better to leave the grave ques
tion to the cwod Judgment of one who has
fnugtit for his country, and knows what war
means, rather than to be led Into hasty a-c
tion by untried and Inexperienced persona who
pander to hot-headed and unreliable political
upstarts.
JUSTIFIED IN SHOOTING.
Charge of Murder Against W. L.
Henkel Is Dismissed.
W. T/. Henkel. 610 Folsom street, who
fired five shots at J. J. Kellan, a neigh
bor, last Thursday, and was charged with
assault to murder, appeared before Judge
Con lan yesterday, and the Judge, after
hearing the evidence, promptly dismissed
the case.
Kellan was also charged with making
improper proposals to Henkel's daughter,
a pretty girl 14 years of age, which was
the cauFe of the shooting, and ho was
convicted and ordered to appear for sen
tence this morning. The Judge severely
lectured and bluntly told him that no
Jury would have convicted the girl's
father If he had killed him.
Holy Week at St. Stephen's.
Holy Week will be observed with all due
solemnity at St. Stephen's Episcopal
Church this week. The . ''lowing Is the
order of services:
Holy week (dally). 7a. m., 4 p. m. : Maundy
Thursday (in addition), holy communion at 11
a. m.. confirmation at 4 p. m. service;. Easter
even, 7 a. m., 4 p. m.
Good Friday— Litany, 7 a. m. ; morning:
prayer. 11 a. m.; the three hours" service, 12
m. to 3 p. m. : evening prayer, 8. o'clock. The
church will be open for the private devotions
of the people throughout the day.
Easter — Celebration - ■ the holy commu
nion. 7 a. m. : litany, 10 a." m. ; morning prayer
and second celebration, 11 a, m.: children's
service, 3 p. m. ; evening prayer, 7:45 o'clock.
Services on Monday, Tuesday and Friday In
Easter week at 11 a. m.
Woodmen of the World.
The following named have been ap
pointed a committee from the several lo
cal camps of the Woodmen of the World
to make arrangements for entertaining
the delegates to the head camp, which
will be held In this city next August:
From Golden Gate Camp, J. L.. Geary
Jr., J. Rosenberg. R. Fay, A. J. Weinert,
R. R. Martin and G. H. Wilson; from
Redwood Camp, H. C. Smith and W. J.
Miller; from Western Addition Camp. C.
K. Brown and J. Boyle, and from Mission
Camp, W. W. Brackett.
A New Incorporation.
Articles of Incorporation of G. M. As
new & Co., have been filed by (5. M.
Agnew, Fred S. Campbell. Mabel M.
Campbell, Man' T-<- Agnew and Alfred L,.
Atwood. The company will engage in a
general drug business.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 5, 1898.
THE LAW IS
ALWAYS RIGHT
Some Significant Remarks
by Circuit Judge
Morrow.
Orders of Court Must Be
Obeyed Even When
Wrong.
Twenty-Seven Members of tho Kla
math Lumber Company Up for
Disobeying an Order.
The greater part of yesterday after
noon In United States Circuit Judge Mor
row's court was spent in Investigating
the cases of the twenty-seven lumbermen
brought down from Klamathon, Siskiyou
County, on a charge of contempt of court.
The defendants are employes of the
Klamath River Lumber and Improve
ment Company. The sawmill and other
property of this company were claimed
by the Pokegama Lumber Company un
der a lease, which the Klamath people
say was violated by the lessees. There
upon the Klamath people retook posses
sion and ousted the lessees. A lawsuit
was the result and an Injunction re
straining the Klamath people from inter
fering with the Pokegama people was
Issued by the judge of the Superior Court
of Siskiyou County. When the matter
came to trial the court dismissed the
Injunction and purged the Klamaths of
contempt-
Thereupon the Pokegama Company be
gan a suit in the United States court, and
upon a showing made by them Judge
Morrow issued a restraining order. Dep
uty United States Marshal Gallagher was
cent up to serve the order and he found
considerable difficulty in doing so. After
he had left, barricades were erected by
the Klamaths and the Pokegama people
were not allowed to enter ur>on or use
the property.
Complaint was again made, and Judge
Morrow issued citations for the arrest of
the officers and attorneys of the com
pany and employes to the number of
twenty-seven defendants all told on a
charge of contempt of court.
Al the parties appeared in court yes
terday.
Mr. Plllsbury opened the proceedings by
reading an affidavit of Ueputy United
Mates Marshal Gallagher, setting forth
that when he visited the mills at KJama
uion to serve the restraining order W.
t. Cook disputed his authority, and the
tact that the signature of Judge Morrow
was genuine. When Gallagher tried to
enter the mill office. Cook put hi.s foot
in the doorway, threw his weight against
the door and attempted to force out Deu
uty Gallagher.
The Deputy Marshal could not get In
side, and he was, therefore, obliged to
post on the outside of the mill a certified
copy of the restraining order and the
aubpenas.
The affidavit went on to stats further
that H. B. Gillis. an attorney for the
defendants, told the affiant that he had
advised his clients not to regard the re
straining order and not to permit officers
of the law to enter upon the premises.
Attorney Stratton announced that At
torney Gillis would read a personal affi
davit in reply to that of the Deputy Mar
shal. It made a general denial of the
allegations made, and went on to state
that Gillis said he asked Gallagher
whether he conceived it to be his duty
to take forcible possession of the prop
erty, and that Gallagher replied that he
did not, and that he did not intend to
take possession of it. He claimed that
Gallagrher misunderstood the purport of
his remarks.
John S. Cook's affidavit set forth that
he had refused to open the door for the
Deputy Marshal, and that while he re
spected the paper issued by Judge Mor
row, he could not recognize the right of
the persons accompanying the Deputy
Marshal to enter. If the Marshal had
come alone he would have admitted him
He stated that the Judge of Siskiyou had
dismissed an injunction similar in purport
to Judge Morrow's restraining order and
he thought that decision was good law
Judge Morrow postponed further con
sideration of the case until to-morrow
morning. Thfn the court Hpoke its mind
on the merits of the contempt case. It
was not for the lawyers, said Judge Mor
row, or other persons, to construe the or
der of the court. The order must be
obeyed literally and without evasion or
quibbling.
"This is a very serious matter in the
T nited States courts." added the Judge,
'and it is the duty of all Judges to pun-
Hh contempt severely, and if there
Is anything of the kind in this case I shall
certainly do so. Even if the court was
wrong to issue a mandatory injunction, it
is not for the attorneys here or for others
to construe it. If the language was platn
it should be obeyed even if it was wrong
-even if the court had no right to issue
the injunction. The flrFt thing to be done
is to obey the order of the court the very
moment called on by this court. Defen
dants must not decide the case for them
selves."
It was agreed by thp counsel, at the
suggestion of Ju.lere Morrow, that no
more arrests should be made, and that
the defendants would not interfere with
the peaceable possession and use of the
property ponding the final disposition or
the case.
GOVERNOR AMES
AND THE INCA
The Only Five-Masted Topsail
Schooners in the
World.
After a Run to Australasia the Inea,
Like the Ames, Pays This
Port a Visit
The only five-masted topsail schooner
that has visited San Francisco since the
days of the Governor Ames reached port
Sunday last. She is the Inca, built by
W. G. Hall at Port Blakeley in 1596, and is
now on her maiden voyage. She is 901.88
tons net. 215 feet 6 Inches long, 41 feet 3
inches broad and 16 feet 5 inches deep.
She started from Port Blakeley for Aus
tralia with a load of lumber. From New
castle, N. S. W.. she took coal to Hono
lulu, and from the islands she brought
sugar to this port. To-day she goes to the
new refinery at Port Costa to discharge.
The Inca Is a very handsome vessel and
is not only a good carrier, but is very
fast.
The schooner Thomas S. Negnis, which
arrived here some weeks ago with a par
ty of gold hunters from New Haven,
Conn., had to return to port last Sunday.
A start was made for Copper River, but
when be sot outside Captain Erratt found
that thirty-two tons of ballast and the
outfit for the minors was too much for the
schooner. The Negus was brought
through the Straits of Magellan with six
tern tons of lead molded to her hull and
sixteen tons of pig iron on top of that
The pig Iron will be removed and then
the schooner will go to sea again.
Lieutenant A. F. Fechteler of the Mon
terey has temporarily taken charge of the
United States naval rendezvous on Cali
fornia street, vice Lieutenant George M
Stoney, who was ordered to report at the
Brooklyn navy yard for active service
Lieutenant William Braunersreuther
now at the Mare Island navy yard, will
eventually succeed Lieutenant Fechteler
Richard Barry, employed in Schindler's
wagon shop, nearly lost an eye yesterday
He was raising a vehicle on which he was
working, but falling to put the handle of
the jack down far enough. It flew up,
striking him over the eye and knocking
Mm senseless. He was carried to the
Harbor Receiving Hospital, where he was
operated upon by Drs. 1)111 and Zabala.
Great care was taken In fixing up the
wounded optic, and the doctors are of
the opinion that with care Barry will
save his eyesight.
The British ship Red Rock has at last
reached port. She left here September
13 last, and arrived at Cork on the Ist
lnst. Vessels that left here weeks after
the Red Rock have reached their destina
tions, discharged their cargoes and are
on their way back to San Francisco
again.
The coast survey steamer Patterson is
foing inU> retirement in Oakland Creek,
he was to have gone on the dry dock
for an overhauling, but since her officers
and men are wanted by Uncle Sam in
the East the vessel will have to go out
of commission.
"Captain" Al White, known to every
6ailor in the white squadron, has shaken
the dust of the water front from his
feet, and has gone to Copper River. Many
of Al's old patrons are up In that coun
try, so when the Valencia lands him at
Copper City he will go to work building
a large hostelry in which there will be
room for all comers.
Captain McCoy, superintendent of the
Spreckels towboats, received word from
the tug Fearless with the ship Sintram in
tow yesterday. The big tug and her tow
were spoken by the ship Mistley Hall,
and was then about twenty-five miles
from Dutch Harbor, her destination. The
Sintram has aboard four stern wheel
steamers and four lighters for the Yukon
trade, which are to be put together at
Dutch Harbor.
SWALLOWED OPIUM.
Lee Brown Squandered His Money
and Committed Suicide.
Lee Brown died at the Receiving Hos
pital yesterday afternoon from opium
poisoning, and his body was taken to the
Morgue.
About 3 o'clock yesterday morning Po
liceman Doyle was notified that a man
was suffering from poison in the Bald
win House, 16 Ellis street. He summoned
the patrol wagon and Brown was taken
to the hospital. Everything was done to
save his life, but without success.
During his moments of consciousness
Brown said he came her© last November
from Chicago with $600 in his pockets.
Since then he had squandered it on wine
and women, and, being unable to obtain
employment, he bought some opium in
Chinatown and swallowed a tablespoon
ful, resolved to die.
WHERE ARE THE
ELECTION BOOTHS?
Registrar Biggy Instructed to
Look Into Kennedy's Con
tract With the City.
Plan of Precincts Used for the Free
holders' Election to Be Used
Again in May.
One of the first duties of the new Regis
trar will be to investigate the right of
Mr. Kennedy to draw $50 a month from
the city treasury. At a meeting of the
Election Commissioners yesterday, Mr.
Broderick called attention to the fact
that Kennedy, who formerly kept a lum
ber yard, had entered into a contract
with the city to take care of the election
booths at the price named, but that he
hud recently retired from business. The
commission instructed Registrar Biggy to
look into the matter and ascertain what
has become of the booths, and whether
Kennedy is still caring for them or has
turned them over to somebody else and
is drawing pay without performing his
contract.
Mr Creswell moved that the plan of
precinct division used for the freeholders"
election last December be adopted again
for the charter election on May 26. Brod
erick was the only member who opposed
the motion, which was adopted. It was
announced that the map of the new pre
cincts was ready and would be used for
the next general election.
The board authorized the advertising
of the call for the charter flection in the
three morning and three afternoon pap
ers for ten days preceding the election.
DEGREE OF HONOR.
The Grand Lodge Will Meet in This
City on Thursday Next.
The Grand Lodge of California of the
Degree of Honor, an adjunct of the An
cient Order of United Workmen, will con
vene in B. B. Hall on Thursday.
Since last May this order has advanced
in this State. Twenty-eight lodges were
instituted with an increase of about 1100
members, which brings the membership
up to 1900.
The present grand officers are: Mrs.
Esther A. Lovejoy of Alameda, P. E. C.
of H.; Mrs. Nellie J. Masters of Los An
geles, G. C. of H.; Mrs. E. F. Mayon of
Oakland, G. L. of EL; Mrs. Viola S. Nor
man of Monrovia, G. C. of C. ; Mrs. Kate
M. Poland of Oakland, G. R.; Miss Mag
gie Ohea of San Francisco, grand re
ceiver; Mrs. Flora J. Nay of Pasadena,
G. U.; Miss Helen L. Lewis of North
Temescal, G. I. W.; Miss Minnie F. llollls
of San Francisco. G. O. W., and Dr. J;
L. Mayon, G. M. E.
During the session Mrs. Mayon will be
advanced to grand chief of honor, Mrs.
Norman to grand lady of honor, Mrs. Nay
to grand chief of ceremonies, Mrs. Po
land will be re-elected grand recorder, if
she desires the office for another term,
and Miss Ohea will be re-elected grand
receiver. The contests will bo for the
other officers, for which there are sev
eral candidates.
The dele-gates whose credentials have
been filed with the grand recorder are:
Dawn of Hope Lodge, West Oakland —
Loretta Donnelly.
Sliver Star Lodge. North Temescal— Mary J.
Logan.
Silver Spray Lodge, San Francisco — Mary
Morrison.
Ivy Oak Lodge, Oakland— H. Oakes.
Alicia. Upchurch Lodge, San Jose— Minnie
Bacon. . .
Lily of ■ the Valley Lodge, Sacramento— A.
Hubert. •-■ -%i> ;.«:*:•
Minerva Lodge, Alameda— Cora V. Orr.
Magnolia Lodge, Los Angeles— O. Booth.
Martha Lodge, Fresno — Grace Pickford.
Mount Wilson Lodge, Monrovia — Mary
Traulob.
. Grant Lodge, Nelson— E. F. Jones.
Peerless Lodge, Colma— Anna West.
Crown of the Valley Lodge, Stockton-
Carrie E. Ransom. ■
Golden State Lodge, Forest City— Dora M.
Seitz. :- •.•-I-— -;•
Beacon Light, Klamathon— Laura Love.
Nellie Lodge. El Monte— S. Rogers.
Progress Lodge. Newman— Lotta Harris.
Rose City Lodge, Santa Rosa— Rosa Fitts.
Good Will Lodge. Dlnuba— Weaver.
Violet Lodge, . Santa Amelia McPher
son.
Desert Queen, Rand sburg— Mrs. L. F. Hemp
sted.
Nevada City Lodge. Nevada Luella
Whiting. .
Big Valley Lodge, Rock Mountain— Cyretha
Brown.
Star of El Dorado Lodge. El Dorado— Lilllo
Oak Leaf Lodge, Oakdale— Mrs. H. Baer. '
Orange Blossom Lodge. Azusa— Press
lar.
Charity Lodge, Butte City— Lottie Davidson.
Golden Sheaf Lodge, Willows— Eliza Father-
son.
Angel Star lodge, Angels— Delia Alberton.
Anchor Lodge, Uklah— Anna Crans.
Cypress Lodge. Newark— Emma Terrtll.
Bonlta Lodge, Riverside— Myrtle A. Coyle.
Madrone Lodge, Lakeport— Ada M. Searlea.
Unity Lodge, Grass Valley— Sarah Murrish.
Naomi Lodge. Los Banos— M. E. Oardner.
Emerald Lodge, Loa Angeles— James Gal
.Manzanita Lodge, Fullerton— Mrs. C. E.
Schumacher.
Contractors at Outs.
The Building and Grounds Committee
of the Board of Education met yesterday
and listened to the statements of several
contractors at work on the new Mission
High School, who have become involved
in a dispute among; themselves regarding
work pertaining to the building:, and
wanted the committee to straighten mat
ters out for them. The committee
promptly decided that the dispute was no
concern of the board's and in no way
affected the public, and refused to act as
arbitrator.
Another Unknown.
Th« body of an unknown man was
found yesterday Rfternoon floating In the
bay near Union-street wharf. It had been
in the water about two weeks. It was
that of a man about 60 years old, and was
dressed ns a laborer. The man wore a
pray chin whisker, black cutaway coat
and vest, neglige shirt and coarse trou
sers. A pair or pnectacles, a carnenter's
rule, a door key and two or three dimes
were all that was found on his person.
THE FIRE WAS A
DOLLAR A MILE
How J. K. Prior Got Even
With the Southern Pa
cific Company.
Ho Rode Free on a Special
From Castroville to San
Jose.
Loss of Time Made Up by the Con
ductor in Starting His Train
Ahead Five Minutes.
To J. K. Prior of this city is due the
credit of beating the Southern Pacific
Company at one of its own games— that
of compelling it to disgorge the price of a
special train at the rate of a dollar a
mile.
The circumstance which brought about
this unusual condition of affairs between
the company and one of Us passengers
without the intervention of a court of
Justice occurred on the road between Cas
troville and San Jose. Prior, who is a
millionaire in his own name, is possessed
in addition to his wealth with a whole lot
of backbone and a very stiff neck on his
shoulders. On this occasion, the 27th of
last February, he had urgent business in
San Miguel, where he owns a ranch of
65,000 acres. Having disposed of his busi
ness at that place, he boarded a train
on Sunday morning, intending to arrive
at his home the Batne night. When the
train arrivec at Castrovllle it was twelve
minutes behind schedule time, and as it
was the noon hour the conductor made
the announcement that twenty minutes
would be given for lunch.
On the arrival of the train all hands
hurried to the company's restaurant, ex
cept Prior and two San Francisco drum
mers, who preferred to patronize an op
position refreshment place alongside.
This they did, but on their return to the
depot they found the train had left five
minutes ahead of time. The station agent
was consulted, and in explanation he
stated that this was necessary in order
to make up the lost time on the road be
tween that place and San Miguel. Here
the San Francisco capitalist saw his op
portunity to insist on his rights and lie
lost no time in carrying out his desire.
He demanded to be conveyed to his des
tination.
The company's agent saw no way to ac
comodate him, as no other train would
pass the station that day. Prior did not
care whether a train ever cam© along or
not, his ticket was bought and paid for
and go he must. In this dilemma the best
the agent could do was to telegraph to
headquarters for instructions, which he
did. The answer came back that Mr
Prior could arrive at his home on time
by hiring a special engine, balancing
himself as best he could on u.e cow
catcher. The answer to this invitation
was that "Mr. Prior had something to
live for and as he had no accident insur
ance on his life he respectfully declined "
The agent once more tapped the wire
and the answer to this was that the com
pany had some choice special cars on
hand for such fastidious passengers as
the San Francisco millionaire at the rate
cf a dollar a mile and that it would be
only too glad to accommodate him at
that figure. The special was engaged
and the sum of $60 paid and a receipt
taken for the same. In this special
equipped conveyance Mr. Prior and his
two drummer friends rode the sixty
miles into San Jose in so many minutes
ADVERTISEMENTS.
« a
I HOW TO BE STRONG. !
a ■ •■^^■: --, - r • . ■ . - :^»
£ Wear Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt, which is credited with 10,000 cures of »
q weak men last year— lo,ooo men who had drugged and doctored until their &
\£ stomachs were almost ruined; until they could pay no more drug bills. #
| Do You Want to Be Strong? I
8 To . feel - the ' old vigor in your nerves, the old fire in your blood? ,Do you ®
# want to feel bright, energetic. Joyous? Then let this wonderful vitalizer 8
$ saturate your system with Its life; let it pour the electric warmth into ■$
CD your weakened body, and life will take on a new brightness for you. It >%
>•* . will be a pleasure to live and to know that again you are a well man.
£ READ WHAT THIS HAPPY MAN SAYS OF THE BELT. £
« )" -.- ..'•'..••„ . . April 2, 1898. &
_ DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: A short time ago I purchased one of your belts v*
M and lam pleased to say that It has done wonders for me. For , a lone time I had *•*
re been suffering with rheumatism, headaches and terrible pains in my back. I wore the £f
~;. Belt about two months and lam happy to say that all the pains have stopped and Cj
& lam feeling as well to-day as I ever did In my life. I had been troubled a great •vr
re deal with my eyes, but that has stopped • and : I can see as plain now as I ever could. j%
*"* - My hair has also stopped falling out. The Belt has made a great change in me and
£( : has. been the means of selling a number of your Belts to my friends. I have recom-' 8
>~ ' mended the Belt to every one whom I thought it would benefit and will .always be &
W pleased to do so, as I feel that I cannot: do enough to repay you, writes Mr. N. R. ' w
rt Moon, Blalne, Or., formerly of Grayso n,- Cal. ■.-.■: •- ; ■■ ■ . ■■■-. £<
8 Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt has made' thousands of men strong and >-<
8,! well. It will restore you to that standard of wholesome vigor that you v;
35 should possess. -< . V;", : «
» READ THE BOOK, THREE CLASSES OF MEN." ?
8 This book is worth $100 to any man who is ailing. It tells how strength «
8 Is returned -by Dr. Sanden's Belt, gives prices and many, testimonials. . ji
Of It is sent sealed free upon application. Call or address '**
» SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., *'■' *«,„„ : - REWARD r " *:- |
« DMPIUCnCLC\-II\IV.LU., $5000 REWARD , O
» - 632 Market Street, San Francisco. ■ wm ho aid f . nr>* : nt .■ «
$ NOTE-Make no mistake In . the number- • // De paid lor one or «
CD 632 market street. ' . these Belts which falls #
«■« ■ . Office hours, ■Ba. ' m. to Bp. m. ; Sundays, 10 to ' generate a current of * >■<
« 'to, 1. .--Branches' at * Los 'Angeles,;' Cal., 2044 ■ i?i M ».uu- ><■ ' * - - w
r~ South Broadway; Portland, Or.. 253 Washington Electricity. w
« ■ street; ' Denver • Colo., 931 . Sixteenth street; * — : — : — — .—. — *■ '■'■' CD
« Dallas, T»x., 285 Main street. . ■ -■• -^.;v ;.■> ■>: :.' '■; »
Cs'- • : •■-.'-' - ' ■ ...-*•• -• •• ' ■ ;■ :■....-..■: ■....-..■ ;:-- n
BBBBaßaßaaaKßaaßßnaaaaßaßßßßaaaaswi
and In time to catch th 3 5 o'clock train
for this city.
In the course of a few days Mr. Prior
made a social call on the railroad mag
nates at the office on Montgomery street,
and, after transacting some business, it
suddenly occurred to him that there was
$60 in their hands that he had use for. He
made a demand for this amount, and as
soon as he finished his statement the
gentleman to whom he made it nearly
dropped out of his chair in astonishment
at so bare-faced a proposition.
A consultation was held between a few
of the leading lights of the company, and
it was agreed to refer the matter to Mr.
FUlmore for his opinion. To this propo
sition Mr. Prior demurred. He did not
desire to appear before Mr. Fillmore. It
was finally agreed that the matter be
submitted to Mr. Goodman.
Thus matters stood uni.il last Friday
when Mr. Prior was notified to appear at
the office of the passenger agent, which
he did, and after giving his explanation
of the transaction he was handed back
his $60. He bowed himself out of the
office and returned to Ms business with
the happy consolation that he had ridden
6ixty miles in sixty minutes on a first
claes special and at the company's ex
pense,
TO GET MONEY FOB DRINK.
Mrs. Farrell Compels Her Daughter
Jennie to Sell Stolen Articles.
Jennie Farrell, a girl 12 years of age,
was arrested yesterday morning by De
tectives Fitzgerald and Graham of the
Mission district and Is being detained In
the City Prison pending the- hearing of
charges against her motner.
Mrs. Cusack, who lives In the same
house as Jennie's mother, at 6S Hermann
street, has been missing a number of
articles from her rooms, and when a
valuable violin disappeared a day or two
ago she determined to keep a close
watch upon her rooms. Yesterday morn
ing she observed Jennie leaving the house
with a bundle under her arm. She stopped
her, and on examining the bundle found
that it contained one of her table cloths
and a pan.
Mrs. Cusack detained the girl and noti
fied the Seventeenth-street police station,
and Detectives Fitzgerald and Graham
were detailed on the case. They ques
tioned the girl and she admitted that her
mother had stolen the violin and other
articles and had compelled her to take
them to Coleman's pawnshop on Third
street and sell them so that she could
satisfy her craving for drink.
Warrants were sworn out yesterday for
the arrest of Mrs. Farrell on charges of
petty larceny.
LECTUBES ON RELIGION.
Series of Three to Be Delivered Under
the Auspices of the Y. M. I.
Three promising lectures have been
announced by the T. M. I. Lecture Bu
reau. They are all of religious char
acter and are arranged as follows:
"Religion and Patriotism," to be deliv
ered under the auspices of Portala Coun
cil No. 470 of St. Joseph's parish, corner
of Tenth and Howard streets, Friday
evening, April 15, by the Rev. W. D. Mc-
Kinnon of Suisun.
"The Church and Literature," the sub
ject of the second lecture, under the aus
pices of Phil Sheridan Council No. 72 of
St. Peter's parish, will be delivered at
Metropolitan Temple Friday evening,
April 22, by the Rev. James McDonald,
a member of the lecture bureau and of
the board of publication of the Catholic
Truth Society.
The third and last lecture will be de
livered at Metropolitan Temple Friday
evening, May 6, by the Rev. J. B. Mc-
Nally of Oakland on the subject of "The
Conscience of a Citizen."
Tickets for all three lectures may be
had free upon application at the office
of the lecture bureau, room 424 of the
Parrott building.
Mission Improvement League.
A meeting of the Mission League of
Improvement Clubs will be held this
evening at Maennerbund Hall, Potrero
avenue and Twenty-fourth street. Ten
delegates from the following-named
clubs will bo present: Mission Potrero,
Precita Valley, Holly Park, Cortland ave
nue, Southern Heights, Llok Wilmerding,
Folsom and Twenty-second Street.
YOUR WEAK SPOT.
If You Do Not Know Where It Is You
Should Find Out and Strengthen It.
Where is the weak spot In your sys-
tem?
Is It a weakness of the stomach which
causes indigestion, dyspepsia, biliousness,
constipation, headaches and backaches,
or is it a general weakness which maJtea
you suffer from tired, languid feelings?
Wherever or whatever your particular
weakness may be, you can, if you will,
get rid of it and replace it with health,
6trength and vigor. Do you know how?
If not, you can profitably road the fol-
lowing opinions on the subject and get
some valuable information.
Mrs. M. McMahon of 1 Sumpter street,
Brooklyn, says: "I was formerly much
troubled with indigestion, but have been
entirely cured by using Duffy's Pure Malt
Whiskey, which I can sincerely recom-
mend. It gave me relief when all other
remedies failed."
Mrs. J. W. Connor of Fitehburg, Mass.,
says: "I was in bad health and feeling
very miserable and low spirited when a
friend advised me to try Duffy's Puro
Malt Whiskey. I did so, and am now feel-
ing stronger, happier and healthier than
1 have felt in years. It has worked won-
ders in my case."
Hundreds of similar opinions could be
furnished, but the above are quite suffi-
cient to prove that Duffy's Pure Malt
Whiskey is unequalfd for its stimulating,
strengthening effects. It purifies and
quickens the blood, promotes digestion
and makes sound, healthy flesh. It should
be remembered, however, that it is not an
ordinary whiskey, but is unlike any other.
On this account be sure and get only tha
genuine and accept no inferior imitation.
I Shoe CO. Ho. 10 Third St.
STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MEttT
THE BEST value «
8 Ever offered In this city. Ladies' fine &
« dark Chocolate Kid Lace Shoes, with ££
■** embroidered silk vesting tops. New coin *£
# tees and tips. The latest style and the Kk
-~ nobbiest fitter. THE. PRICE, J2. We >f
%c defy competition. All sizes and widths '•v
« Call and eet estimates on Klondike «
** Footwear before purchasing- elsewhere. 7J.
i # We have the largest and best-selected M
y* stock ! In this city. w
" ■ Country orders solicited. "
« Send for New Illustrated Catalogue. ££
Address .«,
» B. KATCHINSK!, *
& PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., 8
8 10 Third St., San Francisco. &
ALASKA
GOLD BONDS.
SECURITY— FOR
GRUBSTAKES.
THE ALASKA PROSPECTORS' STNDl-
cate Company offers for sale five thousand
(5000) non-Interest bearing bonds of the value
of five dollars ($5 00) each.
The bondholders are guaranteed thirty per
cent (30%) of the gross proceeds of the product
of 85 to 40 prospectors in Alaska outfitted by
the company. ■
The following table shows the sum that
each $5 bond will realize for the investor on a
given gross product of any amount from $100,-
000 to $2,000,000:
Total Product by Redemption Value of
35 to 40 Men, . Each $5 Bond. •
$100,0r..0 $6 no
200,000 12 00
300,000 • 18 00
600,000 30 00
1. wo. 000 60 no
2,000,000 120 00
These bonds are secured by contracts with
and insurance policies and collaterals from
prospectors to whom the company advances
tO% of their expenses.
The bonds of the Alaska Prospectors' Syndi-
cate Company offer the completest protection to
those who desire to grubstake their acquaint-
ances.
S^T" A Subscriber to 25 Bonds is
Entitled to Nominate One Pros-
pector.
Gold mining under the most favorable cir-
cumstances is necessarily speculation, but
these bonds give those who find the money
much more of a show than is at all usual.
The bonds will be sold on the following
terms: On allotment, $1, and $1 per week
until paid.
Thousands of people who would go to Alas-
ka, and for one reason or another cannot, are.
prepared to Invest in the chances open to all
to get some share of the millions of gold that
will be gathered In the gold fields during the
next two years.
The Alaska Prospectors' Syndicate Company
offers Just such an opportunity.
Agents wanted. Liberal commissions.
For further information address or apply to
HENRY G.SHAW,
President Alaska Prospectors' Syndicate Co .
Room 32, No. 4 Sutter St.
SAN FRANCISCO.
MADE ME A MAN
f^^ AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
kj -| A.LZ, Nervous Uiseasea— Failing Mesa*
gSC| otr.lm potency. Sleeplessness, etc.. ccusod
if ,X\ by Abuse or other Excesses end Indis-
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY surety
A LI, Nervous LH-icases— Failing Mem-
ory, Im potency. Sleeplessness, etc., ccusad
by Abuse or other Kxcosse3 end Indis-
cretions, They quickly and surely
\ • S I ■ restore Lost Vitality in old or round, and
VaS/ D< A. fit a man for study, business or marriage.
"aviaaEfe Prevent Insanity and Consumption if
tiikrn iv me. Their use shows immediate improve-
ment and effects a CUKE where all other fail In-
sist upon having the genuine Ajax Tablets. They
have cured thousands and will cure you. Wo give a pos-
itive written guarantee to effect a cure Crt PTC • - a
each case or refund the money. Price V I wiper
package; or six pkges (fall treatment) for tiGO. By
mail, in plain wrapper, upon receipt of price. Circular
®-A.IAX REMRPY CO.. '» I»«rb o rn Si,,
For sale In San Francisco by Lelpnlti A Co.,
K0 Butter. No-Percentage Pharmacy, aS3 Mkt.
laiuuuuuHiia
I HA VB - YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- I
Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores, Ulcers I
in Mouth, Hair-Falling? Write COOK KEM- I
EDYCO., 213 -MASONIC TEMPLE. CHI- 1
CAGO. ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital •
B 1500,000. Worst cases cured in la to 8a days. ■
IUM'.-iee book free. -- . I
SDR. HALL'S LIN VIGOR OR
: Five hundred reward for any case
,we cannot cure. -This secret remedy
stops all losses in 24 Jiours, cures
Emissions, Impotenejr- Varlcocele,
Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits. Strictures,
Lost Manhood an.l all wasting ef-
fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed. s2, bottle; 3 bottles, $5: guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also
for sale at 1073% ' Market St.. S. -F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
■ V,^^9^& > >9 *" *« is ft non-poisonot*
A.<*^^^^^^^mM remedy for Gonorrhu-a.
JH^; VU Eb^Ea Gleet, Spermatorrh«»
/HgWlnl to&d»ja.^ Whites, unnatural Jis-
fluy . Guir»oii*i W charges, or auy iiiflanima-
■•»■ not to «tr!ciure. tion, irritation or ulcera-
|» coupon. tion if mucous mem-
R»JTHEEvAN3CHEHI£Hno. branes. Non-astringeut.
Mgk CINCINNATI^. MB! * old by JOrnestata,.
ttS^ V. 3. a !3Sa or sent in plain wrapper,
/^■^^^ _^V " y cipri-fib. prepaid, lor
\^BK\>l } la> < or 3 bottle*. 12.75,
.7.7^yßP^fr. ■• Circular fsnt.ou r««ueat.
56
TUESDAY^ APRIL 5, 1898
JOHN D Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Mana^_
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main ISGS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
«crved by carriers in thjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montb
65 cents. __
THF. WEEKLY CALL. One year, by mall, $1.50
: OAKLAND OFFICE 7T _ 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 18S, World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri££s House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Mnrquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
.- open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
■ 9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
." •-• •■ o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
■: 1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
'. street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
■ Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventb
■-.street, open urjtll 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
!•:>.;. until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
;. Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
.V, • . AMUSEMENTS.
'/;'. '"- Baldwin— "A Gay Deceiver."
.- •'.•;•• •■ Columbia— "Shore Acres "
. I ' • Calif "A Jay in New York."
: . ■■."■" Alcazar— "Jane
■".■ .' ■ Morocco's— Across the Sea."
. ■■; ' • • 'livoli— "The Bohemian Girl-"
' V .'. .' Orpheum— Vaudeville
;.". .:. ■■ .The Chutes— The Zoo, Vaudeville and Canlac's Leopards.
•■;•■• ' Olympiad corner Mason and Kddv streets— Special uoa.
,v ■ .'■• .- California Jockey Ciub, Oakland— Races to-aay. •
.'■ ■ . jj^i— — .»^— — — — — **.™ M **^^ M *^*^™*^™™——^^""^"^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
••;■ ..7^ '■ AUCTION SALES.
vW'bv-A. F. Hooker— This day April 5, Horses, at 721 Howard
■' . .■ -. at 11 O'clock.
SENATOR PERKINS TfIKES THE AMER
ICAN VIEW.
* T "HE speech of Senator Perkins delivered yes
. ] terday will be indorsed by the people of Califor
■ nia. Indeed, they had already, so far as possi
. placed themselves on record as upholding the
■~, : ,js<Stttiments he expressed. The Senator said frankly
;»!:..; t.K- sinking of the Maine was an act of war. and
by passing it over as an incident this country
\vould become accessory to an unexampled crime.
:)1 he truth could not have been more directly told.
.This paper has insisted that the destruction of the
':/■ battle-ship was our one legitimate pretext for hos-
While the struggle was strictly between
-:i and her subjects, the way was not open, however
V.v.ich. the conditions might have appealed to hunian
' ity.fxr an outside power to interfere. But by treach
;; e.ry. fur which history affords no precedent, Spain
: . opetie.d the way. She gave us the right to make
; : the fight our own. Such it is destined to be. The
Maine cannot be thrust aside. Its bleaching bones
-.and the manner in which they were sent to the bot
tom of Havana harbor constitute the great issue. Our
;: ■•rmirdcred dead call for redress. It is cheering to see
. flie-Californian Senator grasping the situation and not
;: •■; .backward about expressing his views, even though
these may conflict with that peculiar idea which holds
• of the Maine to have been a thing to
: . be forgotten, and the pangs of Cuba the only appeal
to: our intervention and our force of arms.
ThJE MASONIC FESTIVAL.
/. .T~Z^ ROM the progress that has been made in pre-
I paring for the Masonic festival to be held early
in May ample assurances are given that it will
. . be.o-ne of the most successful entertainments of the
;. k-nd -ever held in the State. A warm interest is
[> taken in the enterprise by the entire Masonic fra
;t;rr;!y throughout the commonwealth, and there will
; ■:.';b.eno lack of energy, skill or taste in promoting it.
'.' .As the object of the festival is to raise funds for the
." : ;,:e i ?.tiih!ishment of an institution of education and ben
i-•"; fcyqfence, which will be an important addition to the
: ; fiiirlier charitable foundations of the State, it is de
scrying the attention and th. help of the people gene
•;. rally , as well as of the organization having it in
. charge. Even when considered as a festival merely,
Avi-thout regard to the object for which it is desig
nated, it merits cordial co-operation, for it will add
• much to the joy of the May in San Francisco and
'.';. 'r ;.give to our people and our visitors an opportunity
■ ■■,-■; for a week of genuine delight. California is much
: . -ivep to festivals of this kind. They are held all over
: . the- State and at all seasons of the year, and consti
..•■; tine one of the salient features of our social life.
;■; ■ ; . -j'vyery county and almost every town and village has
:.::;>• .<a"ne or more to gladden the lives of its people and
: ;.: attract visitors during the springtime and early sum
... rn.er. Common as they are. however, they never be
•...y.come flat, stale or unprofitable. We can never have
■ '■_:". tea many of them. It will neither hurt us at home
; ■•';.■„- nor our repute abroad to make California a land of
,: r an uninterrupted succession of festivals.
. : We have a climate and soil that furnish flowers for
..-.:•. -joyous fetes all the year round, and we have a people
'•'..capable of appreciating the advantages which nature'
•;•' has thus bestowed. It is right that we should make
c of this source of pleasure to add to our accom
• pHshments in the works of benevolence to which we
•.re called. For that reason we can all of us look for
■-•.-.. ward with gratification to the Masonic festival as to
-. an opportunity to have a week f revelry ourselves
and to p.id in promoting through a great organization
.' the welfare of widows and orphans for all time to
.'•• come.
. ;■.• According to an evening paper the Maine Board of |
• •'• Inquiry did not fix responsibility for the loss of that j
,:;. ; ship. This depends somewhat upon the degree of in
■;• telligence exercised in contemplation of the verdict.
.; -.To a man with brains it would appear that a ship an-
V chored by Spanish orders over a Spanish mine by the
: explosion of which it was blown to flinders could
with justice be reckoned against Spanish account.
Insurance companies have refused to pay the in
surance of a man who was so completely blown to
bits in an explosion that no fragments could be found.
Of course their theory is that he went up somewhat as
if in a chariot of fire, and that it did not hurt him
nny. There have been theories both more logical and
.'.' more honest.
." •' It is cheering to observe that the ministers are
■• frank enough to say from their pulpits that the time
for Spain to get a licking seems to be here. These
• gentlemen are not purely theorists. More than one
of them have carried army muskets, and they act as
though they would do it again if necessary-
Several Senators who had never been suspected of
having spines are acting as though their reputation
for bonelessness had been founded on an imperfect
4iaenosis. Even yet it is natural to fear a collapse.
OUR INTERESTS IN CHINA.
WHILE the Spanish controversy occupies the
first place in our attention at this time and
will rightly engage all of our national energies
until atonement has been made for the wreck of the
Maine, it must not be overlooked that in all proba
bility the larger destinies of our people will be more
affected in the long run by what is being done in
China than by anything likely to occur in the West
Indies.
Cuba is but a small island. Spain is a decadent
kingdom, and but little can be expected from either
of them in the future; but China is a vast kingdom,
whose trade is growing by leaps and bound*, whose
power of consuming American goods is almost inex
haustible, and whose commerce is inseparably bound
up with the development of the Pacific Coast.
The American people have been too long neglectful
of the present value and future possibilities of the
Chinese trade. The nations of Europe have been
wiser. They have seen that the accession of 400,000,
000 of people to the markets of the civilized world
means the expansion of commerce on an enormous
scale, and several of them are now almost at war
with one another in their eagerness to obtain points
of vantage for trade with the great empire. There is
reason to fear that if either Germany or Russia gains
supremacy in the ports of that country restrictions
will be placed upon our trade with the people and our
interests seriously compromised.
Our Consuls in China have given us fair warning
of the danger that threatens, as well as of the splendid
possibilities for trade if we are vigilant and energetic
in promoting it. Consular Reports for March con
tains a report from Consul Fowler of Chefu giving
an account of our trade with that province of China,
which is now the scene of German occupation, and
much of it is of particular interest to California. The
Consul states there is a growing demand there for
butter, cheese, milk, canned vegetables, meats of all
kinds, imitation gold watches, clocks, sewing ma
chines, wines, beer, whisky, flour, oil and cotton
goods. It will be seen that of this list California
could furnish almost all, and for many of them there
is now an urgent need for a larger market than the
State possesses.
It is, however, in the wheat and flour trade that the
largest field is open. Consul Johnson of Amoy re
ports that with an increase in the price of silver
"China would afford an almost unlimited market for
American wheat." This is borne out by reports from
all who have made a study of the situation in the
Orient. The Chinese are becoming a race of wheat
eaters, and it will be largely our own fault if they
obtain the wheat from Russia instead of from this
country.
In the very nature of things the expansion of Cali
fornia commerce must be westward rather than east
ward. Heavy freight rates impose a tax upon our
trade beyond the mountains, but to the West we have
the open, unmonopolized ocean for a highway. In
the Eastern States we have to meet rivals in all kinds
of manufactured goods, and in most kinds of orchard
and farm produce, but in China we have a natural ad
vantage over all competitors. Europe is now holding
that market by reason of subsidized ships and mili
tary aggression, but it can be made ours if the Gov
ernment at Washington will take steps to promote
American shipping as it does American manufactures
and guard our interests in the Orient as it ought to
guard them everywhere.
THE FLOOD SEASON IN THE EAST,
BY the fearful disaster which swept away a
village along the banks of the Ohio in Illinois
the Eastern people are made aware that their
spring has returned, the snows are melting, the frozen
rivers have changed from ice to living waters, and the
tornado and blizzard season has given place to that of
freshets and floods.
It is but a short time ago that we in California
were called upon to sympathize with the dwelle-s in
a portion of the East swept by a blizzard that after
freezing several States in its onward rush wound up
by doing damage to the amount of $2,000,000 in the
single city of Boston, and now we must prepare for
our annual commiseration of all who live anywhere
near the Mississippi, the Missouri or the Ohio. We
hardly have time to enjoy our Pacific Coast happiness
because we are so frequently, called upon to be sorry
for dolorous disasters beyond the Rockies.
It might be wondered why there is not every year
a large exodus of people from the blizzard-blasted.
flood-devastated East to this land of perennial sun
shine and mildness, were it not so well known that
men of all minds choose the ills they have rather than
fly to others they know not of. The average Easterner
is persuaded that California is very close to Hades,
that earthquakes are frequent, and that every hot
spring boils up. with brimstone fumes from the pits
of Tartarus. He prefers to take his chances with
roaring winds and raging rivers to coming to a land
which he believes to be at all times in danger of being
swallowed up in the abysses of the earth.
Our recent temblor, which served the excel
lent purpose of testing our tall buildings and
proving their security, while shaking down
a Government structure *or two and giving
us an assurance of another appropriation from
the national treasury to put money into circula
tion here, has been exaggerated in the East to some
thing terrible. Yet more destruction was done to
property and more lives swept away by the rampage
of the Ohio along the Illinois line on Sunday than by
all Californian earthquakes put together. The earth
quake, in fact, is a bugaboo, but the blizzard and rhe
flood are dire realities.
From the region where pursuit of the train robbers
is in progress arrive from time to time cheering re
ports that the bandits are surrounded. It is a custom
of the sleuth to "surround" his game, creep warily up
to it and find that it is not there. In this matter of
being caught the game declines to play a passive part.
It is interested more in getting away than the posses
could possibly be in not letting it get away. When
there was an open season for Evans and Sontag, it
will be remembered that the pair were "surrounded"
so often that the daily account which failed to in
clude this particular was considered incomplete .
It is not too much to say with the utrost confi
dence that, if the Spanish diplomats who are calcu
lating on a rebellion in the Southern States to assist
them are not a lot of fools, the symptoms they mani
fest are misleading.
Mrs. William Schuld goes to the trouble of explain
ing that while she has six times attempted to commit
suicide she will never, never do it again. The tendency
to beg of the lady not to be discouraged is too strong
to be repressed.
Constitutional provisions are said to be in the way
of the ruler of Spain disposing of Cuba. It will be
borne in mind, however, that this country does not
fed particularly bound by the Spanish constitution.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 5, 1898.
DISHONESTY IN STREET WORK-
CITIZENS who pay taxes have a right to de
mand that their money shall not be wasted. It
is their intrinsic right also to suppose that the
officials given authority to expend money collected
from property-holders shall be reasonably honest. If
this money, instead of being devoted to public im
piovements, is parceled out among contractors who
give no adequate return, or sticks to the fingers of
Supervisors, surely they have the privilege of mak
ing protest
For several days The Call has been engaged in
showing that the money presumably devoted to pav
ing is not honestly expended. It has shown that
favored contractors have been permitted to begin
work without having bid for it, and that the work
has not been properly performed. Alamo Square
serves as an illustration. Here the work was done
without any bids having been called for. Naturally
the contractor found difficulty in collecting. Then at
this late hour, with the work, such as it was, com
pleted, bids were called for. As a matter of course
no new contractor could come in and make a bid
which would involve the tearing up of the work al
ready in place and compete with the original con
tractor. Nevertheless, one bid was lower than that
of the Street Committee's favorite. This would never
do; it would lead to exposure. So the lower bid, by
some hocus-pocus, was knocked out.
On a portion of Third street a contract has been
let to Flinn & Treacy, in which they are to be al
lowed more for paving than is to be allowed for. a
portion of Market street; yet in the former case there
is a lot of bitumen which is generously thrown in by
the city, and the concreting is already done. On
Market street the contract includes the concrete, and
the contractors furnish all of their own material. Why
this difference? The answer can come only from the
Street Committee of the Supervisors. This com
mittee has full charge of such improvements. The
Superintendent of Streets is merely an executive offi
cer carrying out its instructions. Where there is
crooked work of the sort of which these examples are
samples, this committee is responsible. Members of
the committee have chosen to ignore their obliga
tions to be honest. The proof has in part been pub
lished. There is more of it to come. While general
curiosity has been excited, there is one body em
powered to put questions and demand answers. Ref
erence is had to the Grand Jury. There *an be no
excuse for the flagrant violation of the trust imposed
upon this particular committee of the Supervisors.
Yet whatever they may say will receive all the atten
tion it deserves. The Street Committee of the Super
visors is as rotten as some of the pavement put down
by its orders. No statement could well be more em
phatic. The public desires to know if there is not
some remedy for this state of affairs, if swindling is
to be tolerated because done under the color of law,
or if plain violation of the statutes cannot be checked
when the violaters have been exposed.
A CHANGE IN JURY DRAWING.
THE change in the method of drawing juries
suggested by Code Commissioner Shanahan in
a recent interview should receive full considera
tion at the hands of bench and bar. The plan he pro
poses is to place the names upon the jury lists en
tirely in the hands of the Superior Judges, each name
being represented in the clerk's box by a number.
When, in impaneling a jury, a number is drawn, the
court itself is to identify and announce the name.
Mr. Shanahan and his fellow-Commissioners think
this system will effectually prevent the manipulation
of the jury lists. Somebody must be trusted with the
names of jurors, and it is the opinion of the Code
Commission that no better persons can be found
than the Judges of the courts.
It is not difficult to concur in this theory. Judges
are generally men of sound education. They are well
versed in the art of reasoning, and they understand
the importance to litigants and themselves of having
legal disputes fairly tried and adjudicated according
to the rules of law. As a general thing they are high
minded men and desire to see the law honestly ad
ministered. If the jury lists are to be intrusted to
anybody, therefore, it is quite probable that the Su
perior Judges will be their safest custodians.
A great deal of the complaint that is made con
cerning jury manipulation is due to the fact that the
names of jurors are drawn by county clerks or their
deputies. These officials are usually politicians, and
whether they are honest or not there is always a
suspicion that they will, either through neglect or
design, permit unscrupulous lawyers to tamper with
the jury lists. Probably in ninety-nine cases out of a
hundred there is no foundation for the charge that
juries are fixed. It is the habit of disappointed liti
gants to charge not only juries, but Judges, with cor
ruption. No matter how unjust causes may be liti
gants are, as a rule, unable to perceive that they are
in the wrong.
Nevertheless, this is a powerful reason for adopting
the reform suggested by Code Commissioner Shana
han. If the jury lists are placed in the hands of the
Judges, and the clerk is permitted only to draw num
bers, it will be difficult for anybody to manipulate a
jury through the County Clerk's office. At all events,
the suggested change should receive thorough con
sideration at the hands of bench and bar. Whatever
the lawyers and Judges decide upon will probably be
adopted by the Legislature.
MARKET-STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
A CORRESPONDENT, who commends the
course of The Call in opposing any extensive
expenditures for repaying Market street until
sewers and other underground works along the street
have been provided, directs attention to an im
provement which should be made at once without
waiting for the more elaborate undertaking. This is
the elevation of the eastern end of Market street to
the official grade, making it correspond with the side
walks along that portion of the thoroughfare.
Our correspondent points out that as the sidewalks
are on the grade fixed by the city, while the roadbed
has been left at its former level, the walks are about
two feet higher than the road. This is not only an
inconvenience to pedestrians, but in some respects is
positively dangerous, as the street is brought up to
the level of the walks by a very sharp angle, and in
wet weather the basalt blocks are slippery.
As the eastern end o? Market street is the point at
which the great tide of travel comes into the city, it
is manifest that the work of improving the thorough
fare should begin there. Moreover, our correspondent
is right in saying that an improvement consisting
solely in the elevation of the roadbed to the official
grade need not be made to wait for a complete and
comprehensive work of sewering and paving.
If any one should be injured by reason of the steep
decline from the level of the walks to that of the street
some one might be made to pay a heavy sum in
damages, and it would therefore be an economy to
raise the roadbed to the proper grade at once with
out waiting for injuries and damage suits.
SVEN HBDIN IN THE HEART OF AS3A.
Havlnp solved the long locked mystery
of the Interior of the "Dark Continent,"
the exploration of Central Asia has be
come the principal object of Interest for
geographers.
The medial part of the Asiatic continent
embraces immense tracts of yet unknown
country, very difficult of access, the study
of which offers the greatest Interest from
every point of view.
Between Siberia and India on the one
part of the Trans-Caspian steppes and
the sandy deserts of Western China on
the other, the vast region stands like a
colossal fortress whose ramparts are
formed by the highest mountain chains
of the world. On the south is the enor
mous "relief" of Thibet stretching be
tween the high flanks of the Himalayas
the Karakorum and the Kuen-Luen
Mountains. To the north along the
southern frontier of Siberia the Thian-
Shan range stretches its mighty heights
to a length three times gTeater than that
of the Alps. On the west, in Afghanistan,
is the impassable Hindoo Koosh range.
All these find themselves united In the
mountainous mass of the "Pamirs," which
geographers hav£ justly denominated
"The Roof of the World." No other defi
nition could be so representative and so
suggestive.
In all this zone the numberless peaks
rise to extravagant heights. The average
altitude of Thibet is over 14,000 feet, while
many penks in and about it rise to double
that height, Yamlsankar and others on
the south going 1000 feet higher still.
This huge complex system of moun
tains separates the most powerful empires
of the world, Russia, China and the
Anglo-Indian. The natural routes from
Russian Turkestan to China are over the
passes of the Thian-Shan. while on the
crests of the "Pamirs" and the Hindoo
Koosh must be fought the coming duel
between England and Russia. A knowl
edge of this region is therefore of the
highest importance to statesmen as well
as geographers and naturalists, and
every step in its exploration must be
viewed with Interest by the general
public
On this account the very important ex
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
D. W. Evans, a mill man of Eureka, Is
at the Grand.
E. C. Merritt of Santa Rosa is a guest
at the California.
L. P. Wardle of Virginia City, Nev., is
registered at the Grand.
Karl F. Miller of Oro Blanco, Arizona,
Is a guest at the Palace.
J. J. Hebbron, a cattleman of Salinas,
Is registered at the Grand.
J. H. Biddle. a large fruit grower of San
Jose, is a guest at the Grand.
A. P. Crose. a large business man of
Los Angeles, is at the Baldwin.
H. King McHalg of New York is at
the Palace, accompanied by his wife and
son.
George F. Burnas and wife arrived In
the city yesterday from Utlca, N. V., and
went to the Palace.
Prosecuting Attorney Reynolds left for
Los Angeles to-day to attend a meeting
of the normal school directors.
\V. Young of Adelaide. Australia, ar
rived at the Palace yesterday from the
East. He is on his way home.
Dr. James McLane. one of New York's
prominent physicians, is at the Palace,
where he arrived yesterday, accompanied
by his wife.
H. R. Bernard, ex-secretary of the lone
Industrial School, arrived in the city yes
terday from Sacramento and registered
at the Grand.
J J Flynn will be the new storekeeper
and purchasing agent of the State Har
bor Commission, vice H. W. Peterson,
who has resigned.
Cyrus Curtis, publisher of the Ladies'
Home Journal of Philadelphia, is at the
Palace on a pleasure trip throughout the
different cities of the Pacific Coast.
At the Occidental are registered W. E.
Cook J. S. Cook, A. Martin and G. Nor
rls of Klamathon. The entire party are
visiting the city for pleasure and recera
tlon.
Tn a general
conversation con
cerning the Klon
dike gold fields,
which occurred
In the offlc* of
C. P. Huntington
yesterday, that
HOW THE
"GRIZZLY MINE"
TURNED OUT.
gentleman told the following rather good
story concerning a little mining venture
of his own which took place many year 3
ago.
"In all my business career," said Mr.
Huntinprton. "I have never had anything
to do with mines or mining stock, and the
only property of that character I have
ever possessed lias been force*! upon me
in payment of debts by men who had
nothing else to offer in the way of set
tlement.
'•I romrmber many years ago I became,
In this manner, the owner of a valuable
bit of mining property called the 'Griz
zley Flat Mine.' As soon as it came Into
my possession I looked around for a pur
chaser, and soon found one in the person
of the head of a new company which had
been organized for the purpose of de
veloping Just such property. I offered
the mine to this gentleman for the mod
est sum of $10,000. He refused to consider
it. Then I came down to $5000. He said
he had decided not to buy it at all. 'Yes
you will.' I said, 'when I tell you you can
have it for 5500." *I would take It that
price.' be answered. 'The Grizzly mina
pedition over the "Pamirs" and throned
Thibet, recently accomplished by Dr.
Sven Hedin, the Swedish naturalist, has
attracted great attention In European
circles.
Dr. Hedin's journey lasted some three
years and a half, during which lone peri
od his routes covered a large part of Cen- ;
tral Asia, crossed and recrossed them
selves on the Pamirs and the Hindoo !
Koosh. as well as on the sandy deserts of j
Chinese Turkestan, and then on through
Thibet to Peking, whence he turned back i
to the northwest and reached Europe \
again by way of Irkutsk and the Trans-
Siberian Railroad.
Choosing Russian Turkestan for his |
point of departure, the explorer reached ;
the foot of the Pamirs by way of Tas- j
kend early in I*o3. This region, fifteen j
years ago, by Mahometan fanaticism, was ,
closed entirely to Europeans, but since ;
then the Russians, with their Trans-Cas- j
plan Railroad and their marvelous way
of dealing with these most refractory
people, have brought them well under the
Influences of European civilization. As a
proof of this, among other things. Dr.
Hedin has a photograph of a dervish tell
ing the news to a group of his fellow j
Mussulmans against the wall of a mosque.
It is well known that the law of Mahomet
forbids its adherents from having their
features reproduced in any way. Dr. He
din has numbers of such photographs,
showing that tne religious sensibilities of
these natives are becoming less acute.
The assault of the "Pamirs" was begun
on the 23d of February. 1894. This quad
rilateral mountain mass Is surrounded by
mighty crests, some of whose peaks, as
that of Mustag-Ata, reach a height of
25.000 feet and more. Polar winter reigns
In these elevated regions until late spring,
and the cold was intense, 28 degrees C.
below zero on April 1.
This was not the greatest obstacle, how
ever. The "Mai de Montagne" (mountain
sickness) was terrible. The rarefaction
of the air made traveling painfully diffi
cult, often Impossible. Suffocation, nau
sea and vomiting, with intense headaches,
rendered the men incapable of exertion,
while the horses, not less sensitive to the
variations of atmospheric pressure, often
fell under their charges.
This extraordinary region has few In
habitants. The forms of the women In
a group photographed In front of one of
their habitations do not remind one of j
the Venus de Milo.
From the Pamirs, Hedin went through j
the Tarim basin and the Takla-Makan
resert to Lab Nor, the phenomenal lake !
which, filling with the sand driven by the
wind, the principal formative agent in
Uhis country, shifts its position from
time to time over a range of 100 miles
from north to south.
The Takla-Makan is a vast sandy soli
tude more desolate than the Sahara and
without oases or springs. No European
ever before attempted its passage. Re
tarded by sand storms In crossing it the
water supply gave out and two of his
men perished from thirst, while Dr.
Hedin himself was only saved from a
like death by his energy and will power.
Dr. Hedin afterward traversed the
mountain deserts of Thibet, living for
months at an altitude of 13,000 feet. He
replaced his horses with camels, which
with wonderful endurance drew his tar
antass, a primitive traveling carriage,
over the moving sands as well as the
mountain steeps with little or no food or
water for days at a time.
Reaching Peking on February 3. lS?7,and
resting for some time, Dr. Hedin again
turned to the interior, and crossing the
Mongolian deserts via Ourga and Kiachta
arrived later in the year at Irkutsk, and
returned with more comfort than he had
known for a long time to Sweden.
Is yours,' I replied, and the sale was
made.
"The company of which tho gentleman
was the head put up a mill and all the
other necessary adjuncts of a first-class
plant and started to work the property
under the name of the Grizzly Flat Min
ing and Milling Company. I lost sight
of the venture for several years, until
one day, meeting the purchaser of my
property on the streets, I asked him how
his property had come out. 'It came out
splendidly,' replied he. 'We sunk all the
money we could scrape together in put
ting up the necessary works for develop
ing it and after working it for a couple
of months and getting nothing but expec
tations, a cloud burst came along and
carried the entire plant so far out we
have never seen It since.' "
W. D. Shea of New York is at the Pal
ace.
B. F. Randolph, U. S. A., is at the
Occidental.
B. Crustafsan of Spreckels is a guest at
the Occidental.
John F. Carrere of Los Angeles la stay
ing at the California.
J. B. Peaks, a hotel man of Santa Cruz,
is a guest at the Palace.
E. Meyhen has come down from Chico
and is staying at the Grand.
State Senator Thomas Flint of San
Juan is a guest at the Palace.
F. W. Groth of Sacramento is at the
Baldwin accompanied by his wife.
D. H. Arnold of Colusa is one of last
night's arrivals at the Occidental.
D. D. Witbeck. a capitalist of Sacra
mento, Is registered at the Grand.
M. M. Miller, a fruit man of Fresno, is
one of the late arrivals at the California.
Governor L. V. Stephens of Missouri,
who has been visiting the coast, left the
Palace last night to return to his home.
Thomas Baker, wife and family, of
Utica, N. V., and Mr. and Mrs. F. Sulli
ADVERTISEMENTS^^
Supplies that will keep-
Concentrated Strength—
Absolute requisites for the Alaskan
journey* Royal Baking Powder
will keep, while others will not, and
gives the most leavening gas to the
pound, thus economizing in weight*
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO.. NEW YORK.
van Smith of New York, are among those
who arrived in the city yesterday and
registered at the Palace.
Edward Chambers, general freight
agent of the Santa Fe at Los Angeles
and W. A. Bissell. assistant general
freight and traffic manager, who have
been attending the meeting of the Trans
continental Freight Bureau at Del Mont*
and San Jose, are at the Palace, wher J
they will remain for a few days before"
returning to their respective homes.
Collls P. Huntington. president of the
Southern Pacific, is in the city, having
come to attend the meetings of the : di
rectors of the road of which he is presi
dent, which occurs on the ah of this
month, and also the meeting of the cen
tral Pacific directors, which is scheduled
for the 12th. Mr. Huntington will rema.n
on the coast aoout four or six weeks go
ing over the line a? far north as Port
land, and will probably visit and inspect
the work on the coast division at bun.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. April 4.-S. G. EucKDee 01.
San Francisco is at the Manhattan. An
drew Bogart of San Francisco Is in .rari».
GRAB 0 UN
He who hesitates Is lost-
Grab a gun!
Do not stop to count the cost—
(irat i a gun!
The handwriting all can read,
Cuba's children die for feed-
It is time for Spain to bleed-
Grab a run!
Do not fear to dare and die —
Grab a gun!
Do not pause to question why—
Grab a grun!
Hear the cry of souls dismay**
Asking Justice, long delayed;
God la with ue, who's afraid!
Grab a grun!
Bid adieu to thoße you love—
Grab a gun!
Put your trust in Hljn above-
Grab a gunl
Bid your throbbing heart be still.
Let your hand obey your will.
Keep your nerve and shoot to tafi
Grab a gun!
Children starve on Cuban soil-
Grab a gun !
Shackled are the hands of toll —
Grab a gun!
For the ones who cry for bread,
Let the sea with blood run red-
Grab a (run!
— Blxby, in Lincoln Journal
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
STORlES— Constant Reader, City. If
you desire to know who Is the author of.
the stories referred to call on the city
editor and he will possibly enlighten you.
SIXTEEN TO ONE— A. S., Oakland.
The meaning of 16 to 1, as applied to
silver, is the coining by the Government
of a silver dollar containing by weight
sixteen times as much bullion as a gold
dollar, and making both coins legal ten
der at equal value.
BETS— P. D.. City. As your letter of In
quiry does not state the proposition fully
it is impossible to give an answer. It is
not the province of this department to
guess what the correspondents want
Questions should be clearly set forth and
contain all that Is desired to be known.
NINETY-EIGHT— M. O. X.. City. The
version of "Who Fears to Speak of
Ninety-Eight?" published in The Call
was the correct one. "But a true man,
like you. man, will fill your glass with
us" Is good English and good grammar,
but "True men, like you, men, will flu
your glass with us" is not good grammar.
FRACTIONAL CURRENCY. —M. K.
E., City. Dealers in coin and notes do
not offer a premium for fractional cur
rency unless the same be new and crisp.
For a five-cent note of the first issue,
with perforated edge like a postage
stamp, 25 cents Is offered, and for one
with straight-cut edges, with bust of
Clark, 10 cents Is offered, and for the
same with red back the sum of 2u cents
is offered.
TO GERMANY— City. As you cam© to
the United States a minor, and was still
a minor at the time your father became*
a citizen of the United States, the fact"
that he became such a citizen made you
a citizen as well. Being such, you are
permitted by the courtesy of the German
Government to visit ary part of Germany
and remain there four months. If yo j
remain there for a longer ptricxl than
that you are liable to be compelled to
enter the army and perform the military
duty which Germany demands of ail its
subjects.
THE MIXED CHRISTENING.
Chicago News.
As the warship Kentucky started for
the sea last Thursday a number of Ken
tuckians near by smashed a dozen bottles
of old bourbon against the vessel's side,
thus Indicating their disapproval of Miss
Bradley"s christening with water. But
these impetuous Southerners recked not
the consequences, for now they do not
dare go home, well knowing that no man
will be tolerated in Kentucky who dares
mix whisky with water. Mig.L as well
blow froth from a glass of beer In Mil
waukee and expect to keep on living thera
in peace. _________________
ALL HEROES NOT WAR MADE.
Chicago Inter Ocean.
There is a maxim, "It is sweet to die
for one's country." It is -still better to
live for it. and bless it by good works in
every field to which you are called. There,
are heroes in the home as well as on the
battle-neid, and they should always be in
harmony. Heroes can never be expected
upon the battle-fields when there are not
heroes and heroines In the homes of tha
land. 'j.iie one creates the other.
Finest eyeglasses. 15c up. 33 Fourth. •
: ■ ♦ ■ '—
A choice present, Townsend's California
Glace Fruits, 50c lb, in nre-etched boxes. •
. . ■ ♦ • ':
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
■ ♦ ■
NOTES ABOUT NOTABLES.
Vice Admiral Makarow of the Russian
navy Is on his way to this country to look
Into American . ice-breaking ferryboats.
The Russians want to keep some of their
harbors open In the winter. >^.
" Bbottx's Bronchial Troches" will quickly
relieve Bronchitis. Asthma, Catarrh and Throat
Dl»ease9. Sold only in boxes.
Dr. SrEGKRT'9 Angostura Hitters IS In
domed by physicians and cheinlsta for purity
Dou't be defrauded by accepting- a substitute.
William . F. Norton, the eccentric mil
lionaire, who owns the Auditorium The
ater In Louisville, Ky., and who manages
it under the name 'of Daniel Qullp,
cleared 7 cents a bushel on 1,000,000 bush
els of wheat during the last jump in
prices.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MAY TAKE
GATES OFF
THE TRAINS
Proposed Move of the
Railroad to Hold
Travel.
Broadway Lines Are Not
Paying Operating
Expenses.
Opposition on Eighth Street to
Be Fought at Any
Cost.
NEW SYSTEM ON TRIAL.
F"r«o Travel on Seventh Street Is
th« Next Mov» on the>
Prog rammt.
Oakland Office of San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 4.
The startling information leaked out to
<ib.y that the railroad company may take
the gates off the local trains if the fight
for street traffic patronago between the
Realty Syndicate and Southern Pacific
becomes more bitter.
The system of transfers between the
Broadway lines, owned by the Southern
Pacific, and the steam trains on Seventh
t commenced to-day. This move will
bo watched with great interest, as it has
b.ee.n furred mi the company owing to the
that they have no cross-town road
tv which to transfer, except the steam
. It Is well known that since the
ei;u. transfers with the lines of
• the Realty Syndicate the business of the
. . l< .■■'iid has fallen off con
rably, as passengers naturally patro-
Unes that transfer them all over
• -town.
Southern Pacific has now begun is
g transfers from the steam trains to
the streetcars as well as the other way,
a; ■! the company expects thereby to get
back much, if not all, of its lust traffic.
.: .-11-was stated to-day by one in the em
: :. mpany that, if after a fair
■•tSial, the new transfer arrangement docs
: V.nut tome up to expectations the Seventh
:>.t.re<-t local will be again turned into a
and the gates will be taken off.
"■'. iiT; ite is just now connecting
Bast Oakland road with the Eighth
■ ■ (Vest Oakland. This will
;- electric road clear across town
paralleling the steam road at only a
nee of one block. Passengers e<Jm
irig from Berkeley. Alameda, Fruitvaie
.my part of Oakland tan be trans
ferreS to the through Eighth-street lino
either way for one fare, and even with
transfers to the steam lines the railroad
is ;n a big disadvantage, for the trains
Only run every thirty minutes and every
huur after 7 p. m.. while the electric
car.- keep up a ten-minute travel.
. There will be considerable opposition to
any attempt to restore free travel on the
rc-ot line, although there has
always ijeen a desire en the part of many
.'.that the gates be removed. The Eighth
<-•:••■ line is now the best-paying of all
the roads in the city, and free travel of
Seventh street would naturally draw off
a. ortion of the patronage.
-■■ thp syndicate held an
option on the Broadway lines, but did
not take it up, and it is believed that,
• I the competition continue as un
*.y as at present, the Southern Pa
will be glad to dispose of Its two
. «.> out of the street railroad
business altogether in this city. The
t-\v<.rn statements of the company and the
arguments of E. Black Ryan, for the past
four years before the Board of Equaliza
tion, show that the lines have never made
a cent.
Tne question of the Southern Pacific
etreet railroads in this city will doubtless
I■• iirought to the attention of C. P.
.Huutlngton. When he was out here last
):»' f;ave an Interview outlining a mam
moth electric plant to run the local
■ trains and streetcars, but so far nothing
lias developed. The Realty Syndicate,
headed by P. M. Smith, the borax ma
..■ r.ipulator, is undoubtedly the strongest
competitor the Southern Pacific Company
has ever encountered in Alameda County.
SUING FOR RECIPES.
. The California Food Company Wants
to Keep Secret Its Cook Book.
OAKLAND. April 4.— The California
: Company filed a suit against George
p. and George P. Sanborn and \\\ R.
'.. ' Thomas this afternoon to recover
damages, all copies of a
r* !pr> and formula held by the de
fendants, and an injunction to restrain
; thfl defendants from making the same
. ■.public. It declares that Mr. Thomas is
• ■'■not of sufficient pecuniary responsibility
v> respond in damages for any injury
■ which shall be wrought to plaintiff by
• such use and disclosure." and "waives
any claim for damages which it may have
\st defendant \V. R. Thomas."
The cause of the suit Is a recipe and
formula for the compounding and prep
aration of table relishes and food prepara
tion, for which the plaintiff claims to
have purchased the exclusive right. Later
they found there was another copy In
possession or under the control of the
defendant, and for this they sue.
■ m •
MEMORIAL BAY PROGRAMME.
No Parade This Year, but Two Ora
" tions Are Being Planned.
OAKLAND. April 4.— The usual street
parade will be omitted on Memorial Day,
this year, but all members of the G. A.
R. and all ex-Union soldiers and sailors,
the Woman's relief Corps,, the Ladies of
tho. G. A. It.. Sons of Veterans and
Daughters of Veterans will assemble at
the headquarters of Lyon Post promptly
at 9:30 o'clock; they will take the electric
car 3. for Mountain View Cemetery at the
. corner of Eleventh and Washington
' streets.
S. P. Knight, past commander of Ap
r>"mattox Post, G. A. R., No. 50. will have
charge of the exercises at the cemetery.
.•which will Include the reading of Lin
coln's famous Memorial Day address, and
a thirty-minute oration by a speaker to
.be chosen. J. R. Scupham. nast com
mnndfr of Admiral D. D. Porter Post
No. 16!). will be chairman of the evening
exercises. The speakers ■ and place of
moetlng have not yet been selected.
Respite for Hinrichs.
OAKLAND, April 4. -The second trial
of Jockey Hinrichs, charged with assault
and battery on Thomas H. Williams Jr
president "f the California Jockey Club,
to-day at Emeryville, resulted in another
reement of the Jury. It stood seven
to the for an acquittal. The case was
continued until Saturday next. Dep
uty District Attorney Moore will ask for
a dismissal of the charge on the ground
'if lark of evidence. Ili> does nut believe
a conviction can be had.
The New Gas Works.
OAKLAND, April 4. -It is announced
that the recently organized and incor
porated Alameda Gas Company Is making
an effort to secure the old Pacific Iron
and Nail Company site, for its proposed
plant
. — .
Buy Your Carpets in the Mission.
Roxbury carpets, S2 J 4c: Cordova Brus
eols, 70c; Axmir.sters, $1; cottage carpet,
2714 c; matting. ]0c; linen warp malting,
20c; window shades. 7 feet long, 20c. Pat
toslen Company, cor. Sisveenth and Mis
sion Streeta. •
CANNOT FIND
A LOST ESTATE
Secret of Its Existence
Died With the Woman
Mason.
Belonged to Her Sister, Who
Expired In an Insane
Asylum.
Mrs. Salome Anderson's Death Ha*
Abruptly Ended Court
Proceedings.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 4.
Judge Ellsworth was forced to dismiss
a citation to-day that it was thought,
when issued, might lead to some sensa
tional testimony. The band of death,
however, has closed the case.
Several years ago a man named
Petzschler died and left an estate to his ;
widow. He had made his will some years
before his death, and bequeathed all his
property to his wife. After making the j
will, his wife became a lunatic and was
placed In an asylum. The husband de- i
clined to alter the terms of his will and
to make provision for a guardian, bo that
when he died, she was incompetent to i
manage the estate.
The sister of Mrs. Dorothea Petzschler i
was Mrs. Salome Anderson, who was \
known as the "woman Mason," and who ;
was buried a week ago. Mrs. Anderson,
hearing some years ago of the estate left ;
to her sister, and knowing her to be in
competent, applied lor letters of guard
lanshlp over her sister and her estate. !
These were granted, and Mrs. Anderson
took charge of the estate. Some time
later her insano sister died and no atten
tion was paid to the estate, as there was,
of necessity, no will. The property re- ;
mained in the name of Mrs. Anderson,
and was absorbed in her own personal
estate.
A few weeks ago the fact that Mrs.
Petzscnifr had left an estate was brought
to the attention of the court, with the in
formation that the guardian had rendered
no account.
Judge Ellsworth Issued a citation
against the "woman Mason" to show
what she had done with her dead sister's
property. The day after being served
with the citation, Mrs. Anderson died,
and no record of the lost estate can be
found, and it is said to bo impossible to
find out its exact value, or of wnat It con
sisted, or to segregate it from the Ander
son estate.
When Judge Ellsworth was Informed
by Attorney G. E. de Golia of the death
of the "woman Mason," he dismissed the
citation, and there is little hope now of
finding the insane sister's estate.
STOjuY OF MOFFETT'S Dr^D.
Mrs. Dora Guernsey Goes Into Hys-
terics at the Sight of the
Murderer.
OAKLAND, April 4.— Mrs. Dora Guern
sey, who swore to a complaint charging
Joseph 11. Moffett with the murder of her
mother, broke down and went into hys
terics this afternoon when Moffett came
into the Police Court. This was the first
time thr.t she has seen her stepfather
since the morning- he killed her mother.
She had to be taken from the room before
she could be quieted. Moffett covered his
face ■with his hands and kept it so until
the woman was taken out.
Dr. O. D. Hamlin testified to finding the '
dead woman and the. defendant lying on
the floor of the back shed on the morn- '
Ing of March 17, and of their condition
at that time. Dr. R. F. Strauon. of the
Receiving Hospital, never heard the de- i
fendant make any statement of the shoot
ing, but said that ordinarily the wound
Inflicted by Moffett upon himself would |
have been fatal. Dr. S. H. Buicau testi
fied to holding an autopsy over the re
mains of Mrs. Moffett, and to the nature
of the wounds inflicted.
Mrs. Guernsey, who had become some- j
what composed, was called and sworn, j
When asked what relation she was to the i
deceased, she answered, "She was my j
mother," and gave way to her' grief I
again. She later related the talk between
her mother and Moffett the night before
the shooting, in which he claimed that
she was getting more money from the
Adeline street property than he. Mrs.
Moffett went into hysterics that night.
Next morning Mrs. Moffett arose first
and returned after leaving the bedroom,
but was not excited. She went to the
shed when the witness heard her scream
and two pistol shots. She ran back and
saw Moffett with a pistol In his hand.
He snapped it at her and she ran out
front. The witness then broke down
The case was continued until 9 o'clock
to-morrow morning.
Stacey Rogers Arraigned.
OAKLAND. April 4.— Stacey Rogers was
arraigned this morning, before Recorder
■ Quinn of Emeryville, in Justice Laur
ence'B court in East Oakland, for the kill
ing of E. E. Halsey. in South Berkeley,
i last Tuesday night. The complaint was
sworn to by Town Marshal Richard Lloyd
iof Berkeley. Rogers pleaded not guilty,
and the examination was set for Tues
i day the 12th. J. W. Stetson represented
: the District Attorney's office and K. ML.
Gibson and J. H. Lucas the defendant.
A Fire at Sunol.
OAKLAND. April 4.— A serious flre oc
curred yesterday morning at Sunol, In
which "much valuable property was
burned. An explosion of a fifty-pound
can of powder during tho fire added some
< xcltement to the affair. The estimated
losses of the property 'owners are as fol
lr.v.K. all fully insured: J. Schmidt, stock.
$.r)00:. r )00: C. Delmue. saloon, stock and fix
tures $2500; Mark Ager estate, building,
$3000; Paul Tischer. hotel and pavilion.
$500; McDermott, blacksmith shop and
contents, ff
Bitten by a Bulldog.
OAKLAND. April 4— Josephine Neill,
the 10-year-old daughter of a saloonkeen
er at Fifth and Clay streets, was severely
bitten by a bulldog brought into the
saloon by a customer, last evening. The
dog was clubbed nearly to death before
he released his hold upon the child. Her
arms and shoulders wore badly lacerated.
Circumventing the Law.
ALAMEDA. April 4.— Another Alameda
couplo has taken the Reno route for cir
cumventing the law forbidding persons in
this State to marry within a year after
the granting of the decree of separation.
' Frank Hlguera, an express driver of this
city, is the man and Angel Drpux of Oak
land is the woman in the case. Iliguera
was married for sixteen years, but a
month airo secured a divorce from his
wife and last Tuesday he and Miss Dreux
went to Reno and were married by Judge
Linn of that place. They returned home
yesterday.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. April 4.— The Board of
Library Trustees will meet to-morrow
evening, at which time it is expected that
the expert's report on the Harbourne
bookkeeping methods will be made.
Mr. and Mrs. Emile Payet, proprietors
of a restaurant in this city, quarreled
yesterday over the Cuban situation, using
a platter of ham and eggs as an argu
ment, and as a result the restaurant is
closed and Mrs. Payet has left her spouse.
Mrs. Payet took the Spanish and her
, husband the American side of the con
troversy.
Sidney Jones of this city had his
shoulder dislocated, his ar.kle sprained
and bis face cut and J. W. Donald had
one of his hands broken in a runaway on
the Redwood road yesterday. They were
driving Bedford, a well-known race horse,
and the animal took fright ut something
unknown.
The "Koh-I-Noor" lead pencil will out
last three others. Try it. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 5, 189 S.
INVESTED IN
THE JUPITER
Widows Tell the Stories
of Their Lost For
tunes.
Promoter Blanding Explains
to the Court Where the
Money Went.
Expects Twenty-One Millions If He
Can Only Raise a. Few
Hundred.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 4.
The ghost of Winsor A. Kecfer, the
mining man who disappeared some
months ago to the great disappointment
of many speculative widows, has been j
hovering around Judge Greene's court
room. The court sat continuously from ;
10 a. m. to 5:30 p. m. to-day, allowing no
time for lunch, as it is anxious to get the
Ingalls case off Its calendar.
The case la a petition of the creditors j
of Sarah T. Ingalls to have Assignee
Charles F. Blanding removed and to have
a mortgage of $2000 set aside. Incident
ally widows tell of how they lost for
tunes through the representations of
Blanding and he talks of incorporating
the Jupiter Consolidated Deep Blue
Graved .Hydraulic Mining Company for
twenty-one millions as calmly aa though
he had the imaginary value of the mine
in hand.
Mrs. Nagle is an old lady. Before she
met Blanding she was wealthy. Now she
is a domestic and he holds her power of
attorney. She testified that some years
ago she lived East and was introduced by
Mrs. Dr. Newlands to Blanding, who was
then incorporating the Canfield Cannel
Coal Company. This venture fizzled out
and everybody lost all they had. Blanding
then conceived the idea of incorporating
the Jupiter mines, and he came west for
that purpose. He met Mrs. Ingalls and
with Mrs. Dr. Newlands and Mrs. Nagle
he got together $45,000, which he says he
expended in paying debts on the mine and
in buying claims of those who held title.
Blanding gave large blocks of stock in the
proposed incorporation to his clients, but
he has not yet incorporated, and Judge
Greene tried for some hours to find a
reason, but was apparently far from be
ing satisfied. A month ago Blanding tried
to sell a mortgage on Mrs. Ingalls' prop
erty that had been assigned to Mrs.
Nagle. As Blanding holds the latter lady's
power of attorney he was at liberty to do
as he pleased. As the mortgage is in dis
pute the attorneys for the creditors of
Mrs. Ingalls blocked the loan.
Mrs. Nagle told a very interesting tale.
She said she once had $40,000, but that
now Blanding had it invested for her and
she felt safe.
"He is an honest man." Bald the deaf
old lady, "and I believe I shall get every
penny back again when his schemes are
successful. I saw the coal mine, full of
beautiful shining coal, and I believe the
Jupiter to be worth $21,000,000, and I gave
Mr. Blanding my power of attorney and
left my business to him. and I signed
everything he brought to me to sign. I
know he acted for my best welfare, and I
am not sorry for anything I have done."
Blanding told of his transactions with
the ladies and said he intended to incor
porate under the laws of Tennessee as
soon as he had money enough to file the
papers at Nashville. He prefers Ten
nessee because stock is non-assessable
there. Judge Greene took the witness •••
hand and drew from him the information
that his interest in the Jupiter mine is
confined to 210 acres. The claims of
the people to whom Winsor A. Keefer
sold part of the mines have not been ac
quired, and Blanding said he had three
old men living on the section he claimed,
and they are holding possession for him.
The claims of the missing man Keefer
were gone into at length by the court,
and it wanted to know, if he were dead,
who had his interests and if Blanding
ARRAYED AGAINST RUM.
DR. E. S, CHAPMAN, One of the Earnest
Members of the Anti-Saloon Crusade.
An anti-saloon crusade Is being revived in full force by the ministers of this
city, and for that purpose yesterday many of the clerev of the various denomi
nations met in the V. M. C. A. Auditorium to discuss the proposed campaign
against the evil of intoxication. Rev. J. N. Beard, pastor of Grace Ai. E. Church,
presided. Rev. E. S. Chapman was the chief speaker of the occasion. He is
pastor of a Congregational church in Oakland, and has been granted a leave of
absence for two months in order that he may conduct the crusade in the Inter
ests of the Anti-Saloon League.
Dr. Chapman, in the course of his remarks, referred to the hushing of party
strife, and to the uniting of all parties in support of the Government in its pres
ent crisis. It was desirable to secure the same union of religious and other ele
ments against the common enemy, the saloon.
"Participation in the crusade," he said, does not interfere with any man's
views, religious, political or otherwise, in that the only qualification of member
ship is opposition to the saloon. The motto of the movement is "The saloon must
go."
The chairman called for remarks byrepresentatives of different denominations.
Rev. E. A. 'Wood, pastor of the First Baptist Church, spoke for the Baptists;
Rev. H. C. Minton, D. D., for the Presbyterians; Rev. \V. A, Gardiner, pastor of
the West Side Christian Church; Rev. George Mooar, D. D., Congregational,
all heartily approving the work. Rev. W. S. Bovard, D. D., of the Methodist
denomination, offered a resolution indorsing the League, and approving of the
appointment of Dr. Chapman as superintendent of its work by the Anti-Saloon
League of the northern district of California. The resolution was adopted unan
imously by a rising vote. The meeting closed with a benediction by the Rev.
Dr. Chapman,
claimed them. The witness replied that
he had bought some and that he believed
his property was worth at least $21,000,000.
As soon as he had money he intended to
incorporate, and then the ladies would
receive interest on their stock.
Mrs. Ingalls. who is now insolvent, will
give her testimony in the morning. Some
time ago she met Blanding when she
owned some ranches at San Jose. She in
vested in Jupiter stock, on Blanding's
promise to incorporate "as soon as possi
ble." and now is seeking to have a mor* .
gage set aside that will save to her the
last piece or property that is left.
HEITMANN IS PRESIDENT.
Reorganization of the Oakland City
Council.
OAKLAND, April 4.— When the Council
met to-night the reorganization was ef
fected for the coming year. Councilman
Woodward proposed that W. D. Heitmann
be elected president and Earl seconded.
Cuvellier nominated Rowe and the vote
stood: For Heitmann— Earl, Woodward,
Heitmann, Brosnahan, Watkinaon, Henne
berry: for Rowe— Upton, Pringle, Girard,
Cuvellier. Rowe voted for Pringle.
The committees in full are as follows:
Ordinance and Judiciary— Brosnahan, Wat
kinson, Henneberry, Earl and Rowe.
Auditing and Finance— Woodward, Earl,
Brosnahan, Upton. Girard.
Street— Henneberry, Watkinson, Earl, Wood
ward, Pringle.
Printing— Rowe, Brosnahan, Upton, Cuvel-
Her, Pringle.
Municipal License— Earl, Henneberry, ■Wat
kinson, Howe, Upton.
Street Lighting— Cuvellier, Brosnahan, Earl.
Henneberry, Watkinson.
Wharves and Water Front— Upton, "Wood
ward, Girard. Pringle, Cuvellier.
Public Improvements— Pringle, Brosnahan,
Rows, Cuvellier. Girard.
Fire and Water— Watkinson, Henneberry, i
Earl. Woodward. Upton.
Street Railroads— Girard, Woodward, Rowe,
Pringle, Cuvellier.
A long argument took place over the
proposal to remove the Tompkins School
to Castro and Ninth streets. Superin
tendent McClymonds made a long argu
ment in favor of the change, but his j
points were completely answered and
overturned by petitions and counter argu- I
ments and only Rowe voted for the ordi
nance, ten members indefinitely postpon
ing It.
Favor Wells for Schools.
OAKLAND. April 4.— The Board of Ed
ucation, in view of the Increase of water
rates, is considering the feasibility of tak
ing all its patronage from the companies
I and of sinKing wells. The matter was
I brought up at a meeting to-night and fa
! vorably received. Some of the schools
i have good well systems that were discon-
I tinued when competition arose. This
i measure would save many thousands a
year to the city.
Babbi Voorsanger on Revelations.
j BERKELEY, April 4.— Rabbi Jacob
Voorsanger of San Francisco lectured last
I night be fore the Unitarian Society at
I Stiles Hall on "Historical vs. Supernat
! Ural Revelation." He characterized as
j insufferable insolence the claims of va
! rious sects that their revelations are ex
clusive messages and necessary to sal
vation, and Included in one category the
three supernatural revelations of Moses,
| Christ and Mohammed. "The old Israel
i ite," he paid, "built a wall of exclusive
ness more insurmountable than the great
wall of China, the Christian sharpened
I his cross into a sword and held it at the
i throat of every unbeliever, and c Mo
hammedan started forth to save the
world by violence."
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. April 4.— William Ache
son, a brakerr.an on the local trains, while
I descending the steps of one of the cars
at 9 o'clock this morning to uncouple the
engine from the train, fell and struck
his head on the step, receiving an ugly
l scalp wound which necessitated the tak
1 intr of eight stitches.
The two-story residence of James E.
j Matthews at the corner of Baker and
i \iason streets. South Berkeley, was
i burned to the ground yesterday morning.
, The firemen could get no water, and their
: efforts to save the building proved futile.
| The building was valued at $3000 and the
insurance had recently expired.
The executive committee of the Asso
i ciated Students met at the university this
• afternoon and decided to give notice to
the sophomores that any infringement
I on their part of the rule of the student
| body would be summarily punished. A
j meeting of the Associated Students to
j elect officers for the coming year will be
held on Friday. April 15.
Professor John Fryer, head of the de
! partment of Oriental languages at the
i university, will lecture before the college
| Y. M. C. A. to-morrow afternoon on "Two
! Thousand Years of Missionary Work in
China."
Impaling -was us»d as a punishment
in Turkey up to is."s. The last men so
executed were four Arab sheikhs who
I had rebelled. They were impaled at the
four corners of the Bagrdad bridge. One
I of them lived for nine days.
WITNESS DUDY
WAS WARNED
Letter Received by Him
Is Produced in
Court.
Purported to Come From the
Office of the Chief of
Police.
Preliminary Examination of Theo
dore P. Haynes Continued Until
This Morning.
The preliminary examination of Theo
dore P. Haynes on the charge of murder
ing Lieutenant Burke, was to have been
continued before Judge Conlan yesterday
morning, but when the case was called
Attorney J. N. E. Wilson asked for a con
tinuance until to-day, as his associate at
torney, Mr. Sweeney, was unavoidably
detained in Sacramento.
Prosecuting Attorney Mogan vigorously
opposed a continuance on tne ground that
it entailed a hardship upon the witnesses,
but the Judge thougnt as no continuance
had been asked before the defendant was
entitled to it, so as to have the benefit of
both of his counsel being present. The
case was accordingly laid over until thia
morning at 11 o'clock.
Thomas Dudy, the witness examined on
Saturday, was present, and produced the
letter which he had received warning him
aa to the evidence he should give. The
letter was received by him on March 26
through the post, and is as follows:
We write this to you to warn you to stOD
you of giving so many false statements. We
have one statement already, and we do not
wish to hire you to give any statements to
people who come around there. We under
stand from your neighbors that you would
sell your whole family for whisky or beer. You
have varied In every statement you. have given
to bystanders. If we hear any more from you
we will lock you up and take your little cot
tage from you and show you no mercy. The
Idea of you saying the man Is Insane. We are
going to make you prove that. We have got
your name on the books, and if you refuse to
go to court we will kindly give you a free ride
and lock you up till the case Is over. Now,
Tom, take a friend's advice and keep your
mind to yourself, and for God's sake do not
drag your poor hardworking wife Into court,
for you have done it before. Your neighbors
speak very hard of you and say you are a two
face man. I remain. A FRIEND.
Will call and see you and give my name. By
order of Chief Lees.
No action was taken UDon the letter,
but it will probably be referral to when
the case is called to-day. The police are
inclined to look upon it as the production
!of some cranks who wanted to "josh"
Dudy, but tha view may not be taken by
I the Court, and the author may find hlm
i self in serious trouble If he can be discov
ered.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LADUE-YUKON
TRANSPORTATION CO.
"GOLD PICK LINE"
FOR
COPPER RIVER, JUNEAU,
SKAGUAY, DYEA, via
SEATTLE,
The Fast, Elegant and Completely Refurnished
"MORGAN CITY,"
Capacity 700 Passengers and 2500 Tons of
Freight, will sail from San Francisco
(on her arrival from New York)
ON OR ABOUT APRIL 10
And take the outside passags for Jnneau, thence to
Skaguay, Dyea and Copper River.
In this way the dangers of the inside pas-
sage will be avoided. The "Morgan City" Is
one of the finest Steamers afloat, lighted by
electricity, elegant accommodations, ladies'
boudoirs, special cabins, grand salon, social
hall, smoking rooms and buffet. Large number
of handsomely equipped bathrooms furnished
with porcelain bath tubs, steam heat. 20,000
candle power searchlights. The best table will
be served on the "Morgan City" of any
steamer on this coast. This Beautiful Steamer
will later on run between San Francisco and
St. Michael. For freight and passage apply to
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO. ;
Pasienger Office — 609 Market St., San Francisco ;
Or JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO.,
Mutual Life Building. Seattle.
[SUPPLIES ii
| *» klondike
I ' .: should include C
I; BORDEN'S "|
; Peerless Brand
lEVAPORATED CREAM
I * UNSWEETENED S
,I ' The high reputation for keeping .1
, i oulity is already . well estab- \
■,;'|V. Hshed ; hence, no experiment. (.
i NEW YORK CONDENSED MILK CO.
O 000000 00 0000000
;w PALACE '•'?■?
%CRAND»9JMkM%
_ SAN FRANCISCO. Q
Connected by, a covered" passageway.' •.•'""• ~*
i ° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. ©
O ALL UXDEB OXE MAN'AGEMB.-'fT. O
O NOTE THE PRICES: O
O European Plan. SI.OO per day and upward n
American Plan . *3. per day and upward V
O Correspondence Solicited. ...' .'>'O
Q JOHN 0. KIREPATRICS, Kintgar. q
000000000000000000
yT^V Br. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jLwjfcM ()2.1i Hr.AnW ST. Established
Mfnf*j!tt In 1854 for the treatment of Private
al)r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
B2t>KKAR!(TNT. Established
In 1834 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, LostMuuhood. Debility or
MBfflE^gHt disease venriiigoiibodyand mind and
OJMnKEtf^M Skin Diseases, 'i'liedoctorcureswbeu
jfflraaKwJ ntheisfiiil. Try him. < Charges low.
Cnicii!riiarani»-yJ. Callorwrite.
. Or. J. I. «.lU.tO.\. Box l!i37. Sau FraacUco.
Wilt's Indian Vegetable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used r them : for over - forty years .to ■ cure
SICK HEADACHE. - GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION. Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Plmplea
and purify the blood. ..•:'; i :;.:--"•
SiiiiiilS
:a , With - this I remedy * persons i\ can cure 3 them-
selves i without • the • least ■ exposure, change 'of
diet or change in application to business. The
medicine contains nothing of the least injury
to the constitution.';- Ask your druggist for it.
Price }1 a bottle.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
809 Market Street, corner Fourth
SECOND FLOOR FLOOD BUILDING. RECEPTION ROOM-NO. 7.
Consultation— FßEE.
\ <\#V(ViI OT'lufl I) V^ /; ■ Our Specialty Crown and Bridge Work
"v :^ #PVIS*VV a/ J*HF and Painless bxtractlon.
>A.W^n\. V I* A/ &S Jtk. The Clinic is »lwiys ahead in Advanced Dental
• ■ «Qv X^^V^aralT Cj* Bo'""- No students employed.
Aft &2?>r;Vb. ~~^mL. For the next 30 days our prices will be:
>S V f^f TJi'Jj <""-^ FULL SET' OF TEETH f0r..:.. .;...;.5! BO up
*~Tc.%'s/ /r/f's i- '/ -Vf — ' GOLD CROWNS, 22k ....:; 3 DO up
--T!^' • / Y</?WS < f£*yL^ BRIDGE WORK, per tooth 3 50 up
mm,^w^y^^oMy:'f^'2t^i' turn SILVER FILLING ...... r.: 25c up
-We DO Ymtifxms/A. AbkJTHIS hold filling ■::::::::::::::::::::::.SS up
SB&ftyd^'SyL CLEANING TEETH 50c up
FO^W-^^^ Y9^* A Physician Always in Attendance.
Jr.. V&> if \ I Extracted SKILLED OPERATORS.
TFFTHI4 II cßowSs lady ATTENDANT.
ILL 111 l^fSf & Bridgewoi* PHONE DAVIS 654.
WITHOUT PAIN. DR. T. E. STRONG.
Office Hours— 9 a. m. to 10 is m.: Sundays 9 to 2 p. m.
—-__; ■ ; ; -
No deception practiced.
No $100 Reward.
ASK YOUR DRUCGSST
x for a generous
10 CENTJFRBAL SIZE.
ELY'S CREAM BALM
contains no cocaine, mercury nor any other in-
jurious drug. It opens and cleanses the Nasal
Passages, Allays Pain arid Inflammation. Heals
and Protects the Membrane. Restores the Senses
of Taste aud Smell. Is quickly absorbed. Give»
Relief at once. 60 cts. at Druggists or by mail. .
Trial Size 10 cts. at Drueeists or by mail.
ELY RROTTTEKS. M Warren Street, New York
UNITED STATES
LAUNDRY,
/ . : OFFICE,
_^==r ! 1004 Market St.,
I Sear Powell. •
Telsphone, South 4SO,
DR.MCNULTY:
THIS KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
-I cum I'rlvate.Nervous.UloodHiid skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
"o years' experience. Send for 3ook, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9to 3 i
daily;6:r» toB.3ocv'cs. Sundays. 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential Call or address !
1». BOSCOE ncnVLTT,' M. D.,
ac< Kearny Street. Han Francisco. fmM.
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S g™u
M' Museum of Anatomy
$ WtF&i ICSI HASSET ST. bet. 6th 4 7th, S.F. CtL
fijj'l The Largest of kind in th« World. 4
B^wll DRt JORDAN — Private Diseases. ;
R\rUvlr Bk Consultation free. TFriia for Book
Wli of Marriage.
bo .- ■■.■ MAILED rim. . .
IA/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bid*.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 California street, below Powell,
Ban Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR. seat ph^
*^-MV / - r> - -'- f:L - r V* MAIN 254.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Queen of Comedies Has Got the Decision.
Who?
. - - - "JANE!"-. -
THREE ACTS OF SOLID FUN. '
PRICES. 15c, 25c, 35c, BOc. ■
Next week— "The Strange Adventures of
Miss Brown." .■ -;r : -
EXHIBITION OF ANIMAL TRAINING
From 10 a. m. to 2 p. m. Dally at the
.ZOO IN THE CHUTES.* :
FINEST WILD ANIMALS IN CAPTIVITY!
PROF. CANIAC'S PERFORMING JAGUAR
AND LEOPARD, and a host of attractions!
Feeding of the Carnivora at 5 and 10:30 p. m.
Open ; Daily from 10 a. m. to 11:30 p. m.
10c to AH. Including Zoo, etc. Children, sc. •
CHIQUITA receives afternoons and evenings.
He was a well-known member of the stock
exchange, and on Saturdays, particularly, would
find himself in a state of collapse. A cocktail
would have helped him, perhaps, but he finds that
if he swallows a Ripans Tabule when he takes
his seat in the surburban train, it rests and warms
the stomach, and in fifteen minutes imparts a
quieting effect to the nerves that is very gratiw
fying — and there is no recoU
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
Second and last week.
. . . MINIMA HELD...-
' Presenting a new series of songs. including
the original animated song sheet. \
In conjunction with the roaring farce.
**f\ GMY DECEIV/ER."
Next Monday — Hoyt's "A Stranger in New
York."
COLUMBIA THEATER.
Two weeks— MATINEE SATURDAY.
MR. JAMES A.
M JB R.N.E,
In his • original creation of
NATHANIEL BERRY,
In his beautiful comedy drama
SHORE MORES!
Coming-N ANCY HANKS."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
Wm Jerome's Herald Square Comedians.
Headed by MAUDE NUGENT, in the
Uproariously Funny Farce,
A Jay In New York.
Latest musical hits. Clever specialties.
Next Sunday— EDWARD HARfUGAN.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
> Walter Morosco ...Sole Lessee and Manager.
| Grand Production of Henry Pettlt's Great
;'*'•": \ Drama,
HANDS
ACROSS
THE SEA!
With a Powerful Cast and Realistic Scenl*
Effects. .
New Prison Scene, ■ La Roquette, France.
New Harbor Scene, Sydney, Australia.
Great Ocean Steamship Scene, "The Austra-
lasian."
Beautiful Costumes and Good Comedy.
Evening Prices 10. «. 60c
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
From the Folies Berg-eres, Paris,
MLLE. BARTHO,
] The beautiful, bewildering, bewitching dan-
seuse.*
; MANDOLA. Globe 8 Equilibrist; JOHN W.
' WEST Musical Monologulst; MARIAN AINS-
! WORTH. X Singing Soubrette; the FIVE
i WHIRLWINDS. WATSON. HUTCHINGS
1 and EDWARDS, MONTGOMERY and STONE.
GLISSANDOS, CHAS. T. ELLIS, and others.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera
| chairs and box seats, 60c.
■
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Enxrs-nxE KKni.ixo. Proprietor & Manama.'
To-night. By universal desire.
Balfe's romantic opera,
THE BOHEMIAN GIRL!
An all star cast, including:
Sig. Fernando Mlchelena (specially engaged).
Edwin Stevens, John J. Raffael, Phil Branson,
Miss Irene Mull.
Reappearance of MISS CARRIE ROMA.
Superb chorus and magnificent orchestra.
Beginning NEXT SATURDAY EVENING.
April 9, OUR EASTER BURLESQUE,
"SINBAD THE SAILOR."
Bright. Breezy, Brilliant. Grand Ballets,
New Specialties, Novel Eccentricities, Mirth,
Music, Merriment. Popular Prices. 25 and 60c.
TRACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting, 1897-98, Beginning MONDAY,
April 4. to April 16 Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP.—-—
Ferry boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. ' and
12:30, 1:00. 1:30. 2:00, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connect-
ing with train stopping at the entrance to
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m.. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. Pres.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary. *
C\l VMDTA Corner of Mfson an*
__Z_Zl_: _T__ Eddy StreetJ> -
America's most beautiful music hall. Great-
est free bill in the world. MLLE. ADEDITA,
Spanish Dancer; CLIFFORD JACKLIN, Great
DOLLY PAXTON. halladist, and ten others.
Tenor; MAE TUNISON. operatic selections;
House heated. Admission free.
. : ■.-.---:, <.-
78
ROBBED OF
HIS MONEY
AND JEWELRY
C. J. Hourihan Held
Up on Fourth
Street.
Forced to Deliver at
the Point of a
Pistol.
Thrilling Experience of a Sa
loon-Keeper With Two
Footpads.
RELIEVED OF A LARGE SUM
Thinks Ho Could Identify the Mon
in Case They Are
Arrested.
C. J. Hourihan, who conducts a sa
loon at 625 Fourth street, was held up
by two masked men at the corner of
Fourth and Brannan streets early
Sunday morning and robbed of $220
and a gold watch and chain.
Hourihan closed his saloon shortly
after 3 o'clock and was on his way
home when he was stood up. Last
night he visited police headquarters
and gave a description of the robbers
to Chief Lees.
According to his story he was walk
ing along Fourth street, and when
near Brannan he was .accosted by two
men, one of whom thrust a pistol in
his face with the remark, "Shell out,
you , or I'll blow your
head off." Scarcely had he uttered
the threat when the second robber
proceeded to go through his pockets.
"You're up :ieainst it," he remarked
to the frightened saloon-keeper. "Re
sist and we will send you to the
Morgue."
While the robber with the pistol held
Hourihan in submission, his com
panion coolly searched his pockets,
taking all the money he had.
After satisfying themselves that
they had not overlooked anything of
value, the men ordered Hourihan to
"skip," under penalty of being riddled
With bullets.
The saloon-keeper, reaJizing that he
was in the hands of desperate men, at
once left the scene, and did not stop to
look back until he was several blocks
away.
Mef ting a police officer he told him rrt
his loss, and together they returned
to the scene of the hold-up. A few feet
away they found a black silk handker
chief, which one of the robbers had
used as a mask.
Hourihan believes tlmt the robbers
knew that he> had consiu^rmble money
on him and they determined to get it.
A short time before he closed his sa
loon two men, supposed to be the rob
bers, entered his Balooo and had sev
eral rounds of drinks. They remained
for about thirty minutes. Hourihan is
almost convinced that they are the men
who held him up. He describes one of
them as being abrmt 5 feet 10 inches in
height, medium build and having a
stubby, sandy beard. He wore a gray
suit ol clothes and was about 35 years
of age. HI? companion was rather
short and weighed about 150 pounds.
He had a sandy mustache and wore a
dark suit of clothes.
Hourihan claims that after the men
left the saloon they were joined by
another man who he thinks acted as a
lookout for his companions while they
•were holding him up. He describes the
third man as b»!ng about 20 years of
age, with a smooth face and wearing a
dark suit of clothes. He is positive he
can identify them in case they are ar
rested.
RESULT OF SAN
MATEO'S ELECTION
Official Canvass of the Vote
on the Three Bonding
Propositions.
That for the Refunding of the County-
Indebtedness Alone Suc
cessful.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, April 4.— The Board
of Supervisors of San Mateo County to
day canvassed the vote cast on the three
bonding questions la-st Saturday. All re
turns were In, and the result of the elec
tion was announced ijv the chairman of.
the board.
The proposition to refund the present
county indebtedness of 54&,0u0 was carried
by 215 votes.
The proposition to vote $50,000 bonds
for a new court house was defeated by 87
votes.
The proposition to bond the county for
|310;000 for a boulevard was defeated by
607 votes.
The claim of C. T. Mansfield for one- '
half of the $250 reward for the arrest and
Conviction of Harry Winters, the mur
derer of C. Andrews, was presented to the
board and a!low<- I
NO MORE GAMBLING IN
SAN JOAQUIN COUNTY.
Supervisors Adopt an Ordinance Pro
hibiting the Playing of
Keno.
STOCKTON. April 4.-Gambling was
knocked out this afternoon when the
J.oard of Supervisors adopted an ordi
nance prohibiting the playing of kono in
this county. It was passed by a unani
mous vote. The ordinance is practically
a duplicate of the cuv ordinance.
Sheriff Cunningham prc-!H'nt(?d a state
ment to the board to the effect that resi
dents of Fair Oaks and Homestead had
complained to him that keno was being
played nightly in both add.uons. and he
thought it should be stopped. District At
torney Nutter said the board had ample
?owef to past) such an ordinance. A ques
lon arose as t<> whether the ordinance
could ho got around by using the name
lotto Instead <>f keno but the District
Attorney said it could not be done.
-Of Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON, April 4. -A postoffice
•was established at Anada, Trinity County,
Cal., and Lacy Gray appointed postmas
ter; also at Terminal, Los Angeles
County, and Anna Vanduzen appointed
postmistress.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California— Original, James E. Perry, San
Francisco. $8; William Saunders, San
Francisco, 16. Restoration and reissue,
John McGowgal, Eureka. $10. Increase,
Charles L. Gould, Pomona, $6 to $12; Wil
liam G. Leonard, Merced, $C to $3; John
Tvrrell San Diego, $S to $10. Original
widow, 'etc., Hattie McGonegal, Eureka,
$8
Oregon— Original. George A. Rockwood,
WillsLiurg. $S; James Lanpheir, Oregon
Washington— Original, William H. Lord,
Tolt $0 Restoration and increase, Dan
iel S. Elliott. Tacoma, $12 to $30. Reissue,
Elijah Protity. Uitgvil'e. $'.'..
SALE OF KLONDIKE CLAIMS.
Three Placer Properties Disposed of
for a Large Sum.
SEATTLE, April 4.—^nree placer
claims in the Klondike district exchanged
ownership in this city this afternoon. The
consideration was $150,000, of which sum
one-third was paid in cash by the pur
chaser. John A. Fincn of Spokane, to
Tnomas H. Mallory. One of these claims
is No. 47, on El Dorado Creek. The other
two are Nos. 67 and 70, on Bonanza Creek.
The claim on El Dorado has been thor
oughly prospected, but the others have
been but slightly prospected.
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was no particular change In raining
stocks, beyond an advance In Sierra Nevada to
$2 25.
Silver Hill 1» assessed Be
The Con. Imperial assessment falls de
linquent In office to-day.
The Golden King Mining Company of Sierra
County has levied an assessment of 3^c per
share, delinquent April 29.
The Live Yankee Gravel Mining Company of
Nevada County has levied an assessment of
3c per share, delinquent May 1.
The 6 per cent bonds of the Edison Light and*
Power Company were ex-coupon of Him yes
terday. _
The annual meeting of the Nevada County
Narrow-gauge Railroad Company will bo held
at Grass Valley tomorrow.
The Moon-Anchor Mining Company of Colo
rado paid a dividend of .ViO per share, amount
ing to *la,liOu, on April 2.
on the Bond Exchange Hawaiian Commer
cial advanced to $24 75 and Hutchlnson Planta
tion to $44. Gas and Electric declined to JSS 76.
The usual good business was done.
Weekly reports trom the leading mines are
as follows:
Corf Cal. and Va.— 1660 level— From north
driit skirting along the footwall from the In
cline upraise at a point 178 feet on the stope
above this level. 150 feet In from Its mouth,
east crosscut 2 has been advanced 16 feet, pass
ing through porphyry showing lines of quartz;
total length 40 ieet. From the incline upraise
1, at a point 112 feet above the sill floor of this
level from the south drift at a point 300 feet
In from its mouth an east crosscut has been |
advanced 3 feet, passing through porphyry
and quartz assaying $2 and $3 per ton. Near
the end of this crosscut a north drift has been
advanced S feet, passing through quartz show- j
ing narrow streaks of ore. from which we have
extracted 12 tons assaying per mine-car sam
ple $13 63 per ton.
1660 level— From incline upraise No. 1, at a
point 60 feet above the Bill floor of this level
from the south drift skirting along the foot
wall at a point 178 feet in from its mouth,
from the top of the upraise which has been
carried up 49 feet from the south drift. ICO
feet in from Its mouth, the upraise has been
carried up 4 feet, passing through quartz as-
Faying $1 and J2 per ton; total height, 73 feet.
From the old east crosscut on the sill floor of
this level at a point 93 feet In from its mouth
from the upraise carried up 21 feet from the
north drift 26 feet in from its mouth a north
drift from the west drift 36 feet in from its
mouth has been advanced in a northeasterly
course 11 feet, passing through quartz and
old ground of -former workings assaying from
$2 to 5V5 V per ton: total length, 35 feet. From
the west drift 36 feet in from its mouth and
opposite the north drift a south drift has been
started and advanced 10 feet, passing through
quartz showing narrow streaks of ore. From
the upraise 15 feet above the floor of this level
we have worked north along the east drift and
have extracted from narrow streaks 16 tons of
ore assaying, per mine car samples. $20 59 per
ton. From these openings we have also ex
tracted 16 tons of low-grade ore, assaying, per
min-car samples, $15 73 per ton. The total
extraction of ore for the week amounted to 28
tons, the average assay value of which, per
samples taken from cars at the surface, was
sis 77 per ton.
In the Ophir mine west crosscut No. S. on
the- 1000 level. Is In 1029 feet. The face is In
porphyry, clay and fine lines of quartz, the
latter assaying 60c per ton. A diamond drill
has been placed in the face of this crosscut
and they have begun drilling west as an eco
nomical means of exploring the country in
that direction. In the old Central tunnel
workings of the Ophir from the sill floor from
the west crosscut from the Mexican shaft,
starting at a point 225 feet in from Its mouth,
the crosscut has been extended 12 feet through
porphyry mixed with quartz; total length, 495
feet.
The official letter from the Sierra Nevada
mine says: Riley tunnel— The raise, started at
a point 7. feet in from the tunnel mouth,
was extended 12 feet during the week; total
height. C 6 feet. At a point 60 feet up we
made connection with the bottom of the winze
sunk from the Layton tunnel level. Said con
nection gives good ventilation for further work
on the tunnel level. Have milled SI tons and
750 pounds of ore, average battery assay of
which was $54 35 per ton. From said ore we
shipped 5250 pounds of high grade undrled sul
phurets to Selby's smelting works at Vallejo
Junction. Have not cleaned up the pans from
this run, as we have more ore to mill before
making a general clean-up. Have hauled 107
tons of ore to the Nevada mill during the
week, average assays of wagon samples show
ing a value of $41 gold and 22 ounces silver per
ton. The mill will start crushing this ore
April 4. On the 900-foot level, of the Union
shaft the north lateral drift has been extended
during the week 20 feet; total length, 615 feet;
north from the Sierra Nevada shaft; face in
porphyry with clay seams.
Brunswick lode — Consolidated California and
Virginia, Best & Belcher and Gould & Curry—
680 level— The Joint south drift from the sta
tion has been advanced 18. feet; total length,
634 feet; face in porphyry. The shaft has
been sunk IS feet on th« Incline; total depth,
990 feet: bottom In porphyry.
Occidental— The official letter for the post
week says: West crosscut No. 1. started at a
point in the lower tunnel l?f)Q feet from the
mouth has been driven 10 feet through por
phyry and seams of quartz; total length, 146
feet. The southwest drift started from No. 1
upraise has been extended 14 feet through fair
grade ore. 650 level — East crosscut No. .5,
started at a point 840 feet from the station, has
been extended IS feet through porphyry and
quartz; total length, 257 feet. Have started
west crosscut No. 2 In south drift at a point
600 feet- from the station and advanced It 15 feet
through porphyry. In the east crosscut No. 3
north of the station we have started to raise
In ore found at that point. The raise Is up 10
feet and Is in ore assaying $50 per ton. 750
lev) — The north drift from west crosscut No. 1
has been extended 19 feet along the footwall
of the vein and Is showing seams of good ore;
total length, 119 feet.
■ STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. April 4—2 p. m.
-Id. Ask. Bid.Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 43 43V^
4s quar coup.-HO^lll Par Gas Imp.. — 86
4s quar re*.. llo 111% Pac L C 0.....— 63%
4s nuar new..l 21 1 4 S F G & E.. 85% S6
Miscellaneous — Pan Fran ..... 3% 3%
Cal-st Cab 58.114^116 Stock Gas 12 —
Cal El 6s 125 — Insurance—
C C Wat 55... — 102% FirenVs Fund. — 200
Dup-st ex c. — 98% Bank Stocks—
E L & I' .128 125% Anplo-Cal .... — J3
F&Ch Ry 6s. — 118 Bank of Ca1.. 245 —
Geary-sl « 6s. — 100 Cal S D & T. — 104
H C& S 5%. .100 105 First Nat ....200 —
L A L, Co 65.. — 100 I,on P & A... 130 —
Do. gntd 65.. — 100 Mer Exchange — 15
Warket-st 65..126%127% Nev Nat 8...150 157%
Do Ist M 65.112%113 Savings Bank*— \
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 97V4 Ger S & L..1G06 —
NCNg Ry 78.102 — Hum S & 1...1050 1160
NRy Cal 65.. 111% — Mutual Say. — 42%
N Ry Cal 65. .100% — S F Say U.. — 496
NPC R n 65. 104 — R& L, 50.... — 100
N P C Rv 55.101 — Serum v 6 B 250 —
N Cal r.y 65.. — — Union T Co. looo —
Ouk Gas ..100 — Street II road —
Do 2d is 55.. —.110 California ....107%109
Om Ry Cs ....123*126 Geary 40 —
P & O 6s 110 — Market-st .... 52 62%
I' &• Ch Ry 6s- 112 Presidio ...... 6 7%
Pow«H-Bt 6s ..117 120 Powder-
Reno WL.&L..100 — California ....120- 150
Sac Elecßyss.lO4%lOs7i E Dynamite... 85 —
SFA- N P 65. 105 lOfi Giant Con Co. 41Vi'42S4
S P of-Ar 65..103%104% ViKorit 2% - 3
: S P Cal 65.... — 113 Miscellaneous—
SPC Is cr Gs.. — . 06 ■ Al Pac Assn.. 85% 97
B P Mr 111*4111% Or I A Wks.llo —
IS V Wat 65...115»iU7 liana P C 0... — ,20;'
S V Wat 101) % 102 II CA S Co.. 23% 24
; Stock Gas 65.. — 103\i Hutch B P Co. 43% 44
Water— Mer Ex Assn. 90 . —
1 Contra Costa.. 50 — Nat Vln C 0... — 7%
Maria " Co • 00 .- — • Oceanic S Co. 64% 65
Spring Va1.... 99 7 4100 Pac A F L... 1% 3
Gas & Electric— Pac Bnr Co. .'. 95% — •
i Cent Gaslight. 95% — Par Paint Co. 6»i —
MEL C 0..... — 13% >
I 25 Alaska Packers' Association 96 25
5 Bank of Calfornia 24500
; 10 Giant Powder Con ....:. 41 75
275 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar..... 24 50
2 . do do .24 37%
25 Hutchinson s P Co 43 00
30 Presidio R R... '.....: 6 50
15 S F Gas & Electric Co. 86 50
I 13 ;•' do do 86 25
2 Spring Valley Water ; »9 75
! 10 do do ......100 00
! J2OOOS P.of A Bonds 103 75
Street— . -r :. ■
! $1000 S P Branch Ry Bonds .........112 00
Afternoon Session.
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 24 50
25 .do . do - ... ...:... 24 75
r.n Hutchlnson S P C0:...":. ..'... TV.' 4375
.10 . ■ . do " do , . . : . . 4400 ;
100 do do ...43 87%
' 25 Oceanic Steamship Co .."5500>
20 S F Gas & Electric C 0...... ..86 25
.50 do do ...:.... 85 75.
10 do do ..85 87%
110 do do ...:............. 86 00.
• 60 Spring Valley Water :...;. '..:...;...■.. 93 87%'
$1000 S P Branch Ry 80nd5...... .: 11175..:
$1000 US Bonds (coup) old :.:...... .....110 50
j-_- INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
60 Spring Valley Water, 100 00 i
• 40 Giant Powder '...."."..::.... .■..•;......... 41 00' -
20 do do ............:.....; .4112%
' • Afternoon Session.
40 Giant Powder •'.' 4150 '".•■'■
25 Hutchinson S P Co 1 ,..,.,.-... ..43 00
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 5, 1898.
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Andes 13(200 43
100 Best & Belcher. 34 400 Ophir 82
60 Chollar 46 100 Savage 25
100 45 ;,00 Sierra Nevada.. 2 15
200 Con Cal & Va.. S4 160 Silver Hill 05
300 S5 100 Union Con 48
500 Gould & Curry.. 25 500 49
500 Hale & Norcrs.l 35 2cK> Yellow Jacket.. 26
100 Justice 25 200 25
300 Mexican 42
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher 25 450 Sierra Nevada. .2 25
50 Best & Belcher. 36 200 Union Con 52
100 Con Cal & Va.. 89 300 61
200 Justice 25|200Utah 13
300 Mexican 45 1
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Alpha 08 11001 100 Ophir 79
800 Alta 17 200 80
500 Andes 13 iIOO Potosl 42
200 Best & Belcher. 34 ;tOO Savage 27
400 Bullion 08!800 Sierra Nevada.. 2 05
400 Chollar 4o'Soo 2 07H
SOO 46,200 2 10
200 Con Cal & Va.. 86 250 2 15
100 89|300 2 20
1200 87 200 2 22%
200 Crown Point ... 25 300 225
SOO Mexican 42 ! 800 Union Con 46
200 43i400 61
300 45 I
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 25 300 Scorpion 07
SOO Best & Belcher. 36 200 S B & M 04
*00 Bullion OS 350 Sierra Nev ..2 27H
SO Con Cal &. Va.. 85 400 2 25
200 Crown Point ... 26 300 2 22*
36 Gould & Curry.. 22 650 2 20
lrol r 0 Hale & Norcrs.l 30 200 2 15
E.OO Kemuck 03 1 200 2 10
300 Ophir 85 200 Union Con 61
200 Savage 2611100 Utah 14
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, April 4—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. i Bid. Ask.
Alpha 07 09! Julia 01 02
Alta 16 lS;Justlce 24 25
Andes 12 14jKentuek 04 05
I Belcher 23 24 It.ady Wash ... — 03
I Benton Con ... — 2" ' Mexican 43 44
i Best & Belchr. 34 35 Occidental 275 —
1 Bullion 07 09 Ophir 83 84
I Caledonia 24 C 6 Overman 09 10
I Chollar 44 45 I Potosi 41 42
?on Cal & Va. S5 86 ; Savage 25 26
Challenge Con. 2S 30 Seg Belcher ... 04 05
Confidence — 80 Scorpion 05 —
Con Imperial .. 01 02 ; Sierra Nevada. 2 05 210
Crown Point .. 23 15 1 Silver Hill .... — 05
Con New York. — 03 [Syndicate — 05
Eureka Con ... — 26 Standard 1601 65
Exchequer — 06 Union Con 43 50
Gould & Curry. 24 25 Utah 12 13
Hale & Norcrs.l 30 135 I Yellow Jacket. 25 26
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived April 4— Stmrs Alca
zar and Point Arena, hence April 2.
Sailed April 4— Stmr Coqutlle River, for San
Francisco.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed April 4— Stmr Alcazar,
for Port Los Angeles.
SEATTLE— SaiIed April 4— Stmr Corona, for
Sar. Francisco, In tow of tug Tyee; schr W. S.
Phelphs, for .
ARRIVED.
Monday, April 4.
Schr Fortuna, Roslch. 30 hours from Eureka;
235,000 feet lumber to McKay & Co.
Schr John A, Hellquist, 30 hours from
Eureka; 350.000 feet lumber to Pacific Lum
ber Co.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
comer Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street: open until P:3O o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9: JO o'clock.
610 Larkin street; open u:.tll 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock. ■
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. \V. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets ; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M., m
121 Eddy Stated meeting THIS _»\^
EVENING, - o'clock. >L^V
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec. f^r }
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30, F. and A. a
M.— Stated meeting THIS (TUES- I#^_
DAY) EVENING, April 5. at : '^3f
o'clock. Second degree. '.^r. '
GEORGE J. HOBE, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. «
M.. will meet THIS (TUESDAY) _JV
EVENING. April 5, at 7:30 o'clock. TTjr
Stated meeting and M. M. degree. By/^r '
order of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. ft
M.— Stated meeting THIS (TUESDAY) .4V.
EVENING, at 8 o'clock. >£.]*?
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary. /V x
FRANCO-AMERICAN Lodge No. . ,*§*U£fc, ;
207, I. O. O. F.— Officers anil faSgSSfip
members are requested to meet
at their hall WEDNESDAY, : .^'IV
April 6, at 2 p. m. sharp, to attend the fu- i
neral of our deceased brother, J. P. BAR-
BIER. P. BIGUE, N. G.
R. LAVIGNE. Secretary.
IVANHOE Lodge No. 5, K. of P., will 2/*
confer the knight rank (long form) .v IS*
WEDNESDAY. April 6. IS9B. at «2^K»
Pythian Castle. S«<% Market St., at
8:30 p. m. Members of sister lodges cor-
dially invited. C. H. KNOWNBURG. C. C.
O. NORCROSS. K. of R. and S.
NATIONAL Union. Callfor- fe^ainf ■«■».
nla Council No. 630, meets *ft_" TPm^
TO-NIGHT at Elks' Hall, >C riP "^»
223 Sutter st. .> "•
THE ' California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hy- i
. draullc process from William Nolden and C. !
Kaber, in the Aureole mine, near Oleta, j
Amador County, to deposit tailings In Dead- !
man Creek, and from George Beattle. in the
Beattle mine at Georgia Slide. El Dorado
County, to deposit tailings behind the dam
of the Gold Bug mine In Canyon Creek, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
69, Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., on
April 11. ISOS. at 1:30 p. m. <
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
ANIMALS, birds and reptiles bought, sold
and exchanged. Address FRANK C. BOS-
TOCK. the Zoo, San Francisco.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., room 6: tel. 6589.
MISS R. CLEVELAND and assistant from
New York; baths; massage. 29 Grant aye.,
room 5.
MISS MAYS, genuine alcohol, Turkish and
magnetic baths. 1007 Market St., room 2.
BERTHA TROY, genuine massage baths. 1015
Market St., room 17, second floor.
EDNA V. GRANT, genuine massage baths.
215 Kearny St., room 2.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened $1. 343
Third st. and 280S Twenty-fourth.
MRS. STEWERT, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120U Geary St., room 11.
RITTA BLACK, genuine massage; manicure;
magnetic treatment. 223 Post St., room 3.
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage: Swedish
movement. SO6 Market, room 25, second floor.
MISS L. DEAN, genuine Turkish baths. 906
Market St., room 29, second floor.
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 122
Post st.. room 10. second floor front.
ALVINE HALL and assistant, genuine cabinet
bath?. ]',';■ Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
MISS S' V. NN.'.K. fn.in I.iris, manicure and
cabinet baths. 140 Eddy st.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet batbs. 116 Tnylor st.
SITUATIONS A'AKTEO—FEMALK.
FIRST-CLASS German nursery governess de-
sires situation; best reference; city or coun-
try. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
LADIES looking Tor first-class help, please call
or Fend your orders to MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter Bt.
COMPETENT German nurse desires situation;
good seamstress; best of reference. MISS
CULLEN, 320 Sutter st.
AT the Swedish and German Employment Bu-
reau a number of first-class girls awaiting
situations: a Norwegian cook, a years last
place; 3 Danish, houseglrls. G Swedish house-
work girls. 2 German girls and a number of
Irish girls also; second girls with best city
references. Please call or telephone, MRS
NORTON. P. 23 Sutter St.; tel. Green 721.
AT THE German Employment Office, MRS
LAMBERT, 417 Powell St.. tel. Main 5;K2. a
number of first-class girls of all nationalities
await positions.
COMPETENT German girl desires a situation
as cook or houseglrl. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter St.
WANTED— Position by young woman (widow)
as housekeeper in hotel or l.rst-class room-
ing-house; thoroughly competent; references
Address X., box 10, Call office.
2 FIRST-CLASS waitresses want situations or
would work In confectionery store. Crown
Hi. use, 138 A Fourth st., room 28.
MOTHER and 2 daughters want situations as
cooks and waitresses; all capable and reli-
able; city or country. Crown House, 138 A
Fourth St., room 28.
WANTED— By married woman 28 years of age
to take care of chicken ranch or private
glace; city or country; best of references.
iox 99, Call office.
SITUATIONS VAKTED— Continued.
WANTED— By 2 young women (German), well
recommended, situations for general house-
work; would go to country. 946 Harrison St.,
room 23.
WANTED— Situation by competent, neat
housekeeper and seamstress; pleasant home
more than big wages. Address E. L., 731
Fulton st.
FRENCH lady wishes situation as maid or take
i care of grown children; first-class seamstress;
■ speaks French, German and English. F., box
12, Call office.
: SITUATION wanted as upstairs or second girl
by competent Scandinavian (speaking Ger-
man) shortly from East; wages no object.
8., box 2570, Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman with girl wishes po-
sition as working housekeeper. Apply at
3066 Twenty-fourth St.
MOTHER and daug-hter wont positions as
and waitress. 428H Fifth st
j POSITION wanted as waitress in restaurant.
I 425V4 Fifth st.
i NICE young girl wants a position for general
housework. Call at 1051 Mission, bet. 6th&7th.
| COMPETENT woman wishes washing to take
home; flannels especially. Please call 3341
Twenty-fourth St.. near Bartlett.
| AMERICAN woman wants place as house-
keeper, chambermaid or cook; good seam-
stress. Address 1200 Larkin st.
WOMAN wishes to do general housework by
the day or month. HO Sixth st.
STRONG German girl wants situation as cook
and general housework; wages $20. Call at
3SG Third st.
; SWEDISH girl wants situation, general house-
work or second work. Call to-day at 1307
Mtxraa st., near Fourteenth.
| SWEDISH plrl, experienced in first-class cook-
Ing, wishes situation. 511 Folsom st.
EXPERIENCED woman, good cook and laun-
dresH, wuntn situation. Call or address L. H.,
64S Valencia it. No cards.
REBPECTABLE German lady wishes to do
i gents' wur.hlng and mending at her home.
Acl.lri-.^ 417 HarriKon St.
COMPETENT «lrl wants hotel work in coun-
try or at mines. Box 42, Call Office.
WOMAN wiiniß work in a doctor's office or
any lilnd <>f office work; --ood reference. Mrs.
I T. E.. box f>B, Cnll Office.
,
1 TOT'NG Eantrrn woman, first-class cook, who
will wn.nh and K o i short distance In the
j country; good references. 3^' T -ssle St.
, YOUNG lady, expert penman and of experience,
would llki> a position as copyist. C. F., box
11, Call offlre, Oakland.
! STRONG Gentian girl wants situation ac cook
j. and general housework; wages $25. Call at
356 Third st.
WOMAN wishes situation to do housekeeping
or plain mending. 139 Fourth St., room 10.
COMPETENT rook wishes situation'; would like
: to live In Oakland or Alameda. 125 Julian aye.
1 SITUATION by temperate, careful confinement
nurse, $8 per week. Address C. 8., box 17,
Call branch office, 106 Eleventh st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
! MIDDLE-AGED American woman wants to
work in a rmall family of 2 persons; good
plain cook: no washing; no children; $15 per
month: the best of city reference; no postals.
245 Natoma st.
ELDERLY American woman wishes a place
on ranch; Is a good cook and housekeeper.
' 136 Filth St.. near Howard.
A STRONG German girl wishes a situation at
cooking and general housework; wages $25.
356 Third st.
FRENCH lady wishes position In first-class
hotel or institution; good seamstress and
chambermaid; capable of any work; refer-
ences; city or country. Box 2SSI, Call office.
AMERICAN girl wishes situation to do cook-
ing or downstairs work; best of references.
IS..X 2SS7, Call office.
WANTED— Position as traveling companion to
elderly couple. Address box 8388, Call office.
AN experienced English woman as housekeeper
or cook on ranch, city or suburbs. Address
W., bex 8, Call office. .
WANTfiD— House-cleaning .or general house-
work, by the day: would assist; Is good
seamstress and good cook; will wait at table.
539 Turk st.
YOUNG German woman wishes working house-
keeper's • position or to do plain mending.
81311 Howard St., room 3.
SITUATION for a very competent and reliable
German general house servant. 1023 Market.
POSITION wanted by a respectable woman
with a child 8 months old: good references.
Address MRS. M. JOHNSON, room S. Th»
Newport, corner Oak and Franklin st».
YOUNG, healthy wetnursa wishes position.
Call 22CS Pine ft. ■"■"• -.~. •..--■>'■■*■»-•'
SITUATIONS V ANTED— MALE.
FIRST-CLASS German gardener desires situa-
: tion; 2 years last place; city or country.
' MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. .15 Grant ay.
CHINESE and Japanese lestab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY ft CO.. 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office; choice
help; tel. Grant 56. Geo. Aokl. 30 Gearv st.
JAPANESE Employm't Office— Best help and
Northern Hsclng Co. 1808 Polk; tel. Polk 422.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414 Vi O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
BOOKKEEPER with good experience wishes
employment as bookkeeper or cashier; can
furnish the best of references. Address box
60, Call office.
COACHMAN, shortly from Europe, can speak
German and French fluently, wishes suitable
position; city or country. Box 55, Call office.
SITUATION wanted to do house-cleaning, gar-
dening and general Jobbing: over 1 year with
WILLIAM JOHN. Address J. C. 20 Sixth st.
WANTED— By a young man of good address,
work of any kind; will work one week free
if not satisfactory. Address box 2670, Call.
! SITUATION wanted by man and wife; Janitor,
ranch or care of private property; handy with
tools. Box 74, Call office.
CARPENTER wants work nnd needs It bad;
wages reasonable. Address Carpenter, box
49, Call Office.
FinPT-f'LASS barber wishes position; city or
country. Box 61. Call office.
GOOD steady and reliable American cook would
like a Rood Bteady place. 654 Mission st.
BARBER— Boy with 6 months' experience
wishes to finish learning. Box 60, Call Office.
YOUNG German of good habits, with refer-
ences, desires position with private family;
can take care of horses and work around
house. Box 2567, Call Office.
WANTED— Situation as gardener by steady
man: can milk, drive; handy about house;
references. Address G. M.. 1505 Polk st.
YOUNG barber, with 2 years' experience,
wishes place In country. Address 2214 Chest-
nut st.. Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by a steady man, that
could make himself useful in a large estab-
lishment as r-nrpenter or plumber. Address
V.. f.nx 14, Call offire.
STRONG boy for drug store; state a«e, wages,
etc. Box 2598. Call office.
YOUNG man of character and business edu-
cation desires employment: ovt of doors part
of the time preforrpd; best of references given
and required. Box 2*71. Call office.
PICTURE frnmer with machines wants posl-
tlon. Box 2604.. Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 20 rooms, 25c to $150 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient ;.nd respectable; fre« 'bus
and taßKage to and from fer y.
FEMALE HELP WANTED. ':
WAITRESS, Institution; $20; boarding-house,
$20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, institution. Oakland.- $30. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter at. . ■ • ' .
3 WAITRESSES. $20 each; 2 waitresses and
chambermaids, $20 each. . MISS CULLEN,
325 'Suiter st. . / . . . ■
WORKING housekeeper over 45 years old, $15.
MISS CULLEN,; 325 Sutter st.
NURSE, ranch, $15, fare paid. MISS CULL.EN.
325 Sutter st: . . ' .
2 GERMAN cooks. $35 and $30. MISS CUL-
LEN. 32". Sutter st. - :■. ■ - • . ■ -^'fi
2 WAITRESSES, same house. '$3 per. week.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MOTHER and daughter or two friends or sis-
ters, ranch. $33. MISS CULLED, 325 Sutter.
REFINED , housework girl. $30. 2 In family.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. '■■:- ;■
GERMAN, nursery governess, $25. MISS CXJi_-
LEN, 325 Sutter St. ■■-■■
REFINED nurse. • $25: • nurse. =■ $15: housework.
Institution. $25: Alameda, $20. MISS CUL-
■ LEN, 325 Suter St. -,;■ . - ■', ; . ; -
HOUSEWORK. M<>nlo. *23: second cook, insti-
.\ tution. $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED housework Kirl, country.* 2 In fam-
ily. San Jose. $12. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
MAN and wife. $40. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sut-
' ter st. . ■..■.■ ■-.■ ..,,;. •: _:. ■ ■-..■--■..: ■■ '. :r,: : : i
LIGHT housework, ■ : no "". cooking, ; $15. ;-• Mis's
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. 'i . :
REFINED ' housework ; girl, > 2 In family. $12.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. : s r, .V
GERMAN cook, 1 email '*- family. $25; laundress,
v $30; Infant's nurse, $25: 15 girls for house-
work, best wages. .. MRS. ; HIRD, 631 , Larkln.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WAITRESS. $20: chambermaid and, wait 1
meal, $20; waitress, nice place, $1S; waitress,
south, $20; waitress and chambermaid, south,
fare paid; 2 hotel cooks, small countr>
places, $25 to . $30, . fares paid : 3 restaurant
waitresses, $5; 2 lunch waitresses, 50c. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. .
COOK. Jewish family, $25; housegirl. small
lamily. $20, call early; 5 housegirls, city, $20;
German girl, San Lorenzo, $20: grlrl. Ala-
meda $20. Oakland $20; ranch cook. lone, see
party here, fare paid, $15; Swedish second
girl, Alameda, $15: nurse, $20. call early. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
4 GERMAN-SWEDISH second girls. $20. $25;
6 German-Swedish housework girls, $12, $25.
MRS. LAMBERT, 417 Powell st.
4 GERMAN cooks. $25. $35. MRS. LAMBERT.
417 Powell Bt.
2 GERMAN nurses, $25; waitress, small wash,
$25. MRS. LAMBERT 417 Powell st.
2 GERMAN housekeepers, city and country,
$15 and $20. MRS. LAMBERT, 417 Powell st.
MOTHER and daughter or two friends, same
house, short distance, $30. MRS. LAMBERT,
417 Powell st.
PASTRY cook, $35; waitress and parlor maid,
$20. see lady here; 4 second girls and nurses,
$20 and $25; laundress, private family, $25:
3 cooks, German style. $25 and $30; 4 wait-
resses and chambermaids, hotels and restau-
rants, $20 and $5 and $6 week, and a large
number of girls for housework. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
GERMAN housegirl: 2 in family; no washing;
$26. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
NEAT Swedish housegirl, Alameda; American
family; $20. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
LADIES' maid., $20; nurse, $20; housekeeper,
H6. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
SECOND girl. 2 in family. $20: girl to aaslst,
$10 to $12. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
3 COOKS German style, $25: 4 house girls,
country. $20. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St.
WAITRESS for resort, $20; dishwasher, city,
$17 f,O. HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
LADY cashier; managing housekeeper; sales-
lady; copyists at home to register. 1023 Mar-
kpt Ft.
LADY stenographer who understands book-
keeping; dental office assistant. 313 Bush st.
SALESLADIES for gloves, notions and candy
departments; restaurant cashier. 313 Bush.
GOOD experienced girl who understands good
work on coats. Call at St. Ann's building, 6
Eddy st., room 92.' fifth floor.
WANTED— GirI to cook and aoslst in light
houeework; no washing; Jl5; German pre-
ferred. Apply at 215 Hayes st.
COMPETENT child nurse and seamstress; ref-
erence. Call NW corner of Broderick st and
Golden Gate aye.
SALESLADIES for fancy and drapery work;
experienced and apprentices. RAPTEN, 1030
Market st.
FEMALE finishers wanted on Jackets. DAVID-
SON & MILLER. 731 Market St.
OPERATORS on Jackets. DAVIDSON &
MILLER. 731 Market Bt.
TAILORESS and experienced apprentice on
custom coats. 76 Harriet st.
FIRST-CLASS cloak finisher; no others need
apply. 211 Sutter st.. rooms 6 and 7.
WANTED— Good German cook; small family.
1814 Washington st.
YOUNG girl to assist and mind baby. 11 Hat-
tie Bt., off Corbett road.
YOUNG girl for general housework. Call 10
Liberty st., bet. Twentieth and Twenty-first.
WANTED— GirI for light housework. Call at
ICI4 Broderick st.
GIRL for dressmaking. 208 Rose aye.. above
Octavia st.
GERMAN girl for plain cooking and house-
work. 609 Franklin st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with house-
work. 143 Bartlett st.
NEAT young girl take care of child; good
home; -wages $5. 1717 Post st.
GOOD finishers on pants at 313 Natoma st.
FINISHER wanted on custom coats; also ap-
prentices. 239 Fifth st.
WANTED— GirI waitress at 427 Larkln St.
FIRST-CLASS finisher wanted on custom
coats; steady work. 410 Kearny St.. room 24.
WANTED— A first-class finisher on ladles'
tailoring. 16 Turk st.
WANTED— First-class pants finisher. 211 Te-
hama st.
BOOKKEEPER with 3 or more years' experi-
ence between 10 and 11 a. nv. 840 Market st.
TAILORESS on custom coats: good button-
hole. 5H Kearny St.. room 18. top floor.
OPERATORS on flannel overshlrts and under-
wear; a few inexperienced hands taken and
taught. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 3C* Fre-
mont ?t.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. 1020 Market
st.; consultation free; fees moderate.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
WOMAN, general housework; plain cooking,
small waFh. $10; references. Box 20S0 Call.
WANTED— A German girl In small family; no
children: $12. 1432 O'Farrell st.
STRONG girl for general housework. Call
after 9 at 1511 A Howard st.
LADY not over 45. with $150 cash to Invest In
money-making business. Box 1613, Call.
GIRL, housework; plain cooking; family of 3.
Call, 8 to 1 p. m., 1826 A Sutter st.
GOOD vest hand on buttonhole and bind; also
apprentice. Room 120, 6 Eddy st.
PLEASANT sunny rooms; day or week; re-
spectable. 142 Seventh, Glrard House.
WANTED— A few young ladies of good figure
for poses In tableaux "vlvants. Apply Or-
pheum, 10 a. m., Monday.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework. 123
Buena Vista aye., near Baker and Halght sts.
APPRENTICE girl; also operator on coats. 107
Fifth St., room L
GOOD operators on duck pants and waiter
coats: steady work; power. 636 Clay, room 5.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c. MCDOWELL'S, 108 Po»t.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School. 1079 Market
Bt. : perfect fit: no trying on: trial free.
MAI.K HELP WANTED.
WANTED — 2 carpenters for city, 2 to 3 months
work, $2 to $2 25 per day. W. D. EWER &
CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED— Coachman for gentleman's place
near city, $30 and found, references required;
stableman for private place near city, $25; 5
miners, $52 per month; 10 coal miners, going
wanes; 4 farm hands, $20; also milkers, cooks,
waiters and others. W. D. EWER & CO.,
626 Clay st.
WANTED — Experienced driver for milk
wagon; city exoerienee and reference re-
quired: $35 and found. W. D. EWER &
CO.. 626 Clay st.
HEAD and second cook, country hotel, $75 and
$45; nljrht cook, $60; broiler. $50; vegetable
man. $13: pantryman, summer resort, $20; col-
ored rabln boy, $20; night cook, $30; dish-
washer, springs. $20 and fare advanced: 4
waiters, different country hotels, $25; 2 wait-
ers for a camp, $25; blacksmith, near city.
$40 and found: man and wife, ranch, $40, see
boss here early; 15 woodchoppers, $1 25, grub
furnished, new job. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
EXTRA waiters. C. R. HANSL-. & CO., 104
Geary st.
A— TO-DAY WE WANT —
7 cooks 7 waiters
4 dishwashers — 1 porter
from $20 to $65 and found.
3fi coal miners, from $3 to $4 day; 365 wood-
choppers for different places, $1 25 to $1 cord;
476 tiemokers, Sc, 9c, 10c and lie each; 6
farm hands. $20; tailor and many other
places in California. MURRAY & READY,
Leading Emp. Agts., 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Farmer and wife. $40; Swiss milker,
$30; man about place, $25; 10 coal miners, by
day or contract; errand boy, $10 and found;
tlemakers and others. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Japanese for general housework,
$25 to $30: broiler, $50: cook, small country
hotel: 2 hotel waiters. $30; dishwashers and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED — Boarding house cook, $40; lunch
waiter, $4 a week; waiter, summer resort. $25;
waiter, plain hotel, $20; waiter, country hotel,
$20; 2 dishwashers, $15: gardener, $30; butler
HO; etc. ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton st.
COOK. country hotel. $33; German hotel cook,
$40: waiter. $25: chore boy. $15; laborer for
factor}'. Sl5; miners. $5n and board; coal
miners. R. T. WARD & CO.. 608-610 Clay st.
WAITER. $20 to $25 per month. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
MAN and wife, American preferred, $40; woman
as housekeeper, man to do chores: see gentle-
man here. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
CHEF and assist steward, $100 per month-
springs. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
2 WAITERS, $25. HOTEL GAZETTE. 420
Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS cook and crew for city hotel-
sl6o for crew. HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny!
PRACTICAL young business man aa assistant
manager light cash business; $100 deposit; $15
per week; advanced on merit. 313 Bush st.
ENGINEER, steamboat; 2 reliable stokers;
ranch foreman, married, $40. 313 Bush st.
$80 PER month between man and wife: work
together as manager and matron: cash busi-
ness; permanent and progressive. 313 Bush.
HELP WAlf.aD- Con tinned.
MANAGER and bookkeeper; experienced hotel
| clerk; traveling wine salesman. 313 Bush st.
I REGISTER watchman: educational institu-
tion; wholesale h^use porters. 101S Washing-
ton St.. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS waiter wanted. 9 Sixth st.
OWENS & STARR.
GA.RDENER. competent taking care house;
exotic plants; must have good experience.
Address Box 52. Call Office.
WANTED— Brass casting cleaner. 225 Beale st.
STRONG boy for drug store; state age, wages,
etc. Box 2395. Call office.
WANTED— Second cook. 1012 Battery st.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. 8.
F. Barber College, 13SV_ Eighth st.
BRASS polisher wanted. 585 Mission st.
WANTED— Ironer for laundry: all round man
preferred. Box 63, Call Office.
WANTED— Boarding house cook. Bay and
Webster sts.
GOOD cook can make Borne money. Particu-
lars at 33 Third st.
WANTED— Bushelman. 392 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS cook wanted, with references.
Call between 10 and 11 at 514 O'Farrell et.
BARBER wanted for 1 week. 1536 Kentucky
St., Potrero.
WANTED — Carriage painter who can stripe.
715 Folsom st.
PLAIN cook, elderly man preferred; boarding-
house. 328 Drumm St., between 8 and 9 a. m.
GOOD second cook wanted. 134 Third st.
WANTED— Barber; steady. 112 Second st.
BARBERS, attention— A flrst-class 2-chalr
hotel shop for sale very cheap; been run- '
ning for 10 years. Call or address J. KIE-
FER. Salinas, Cal. j
WANTED — Men and women; work home; I pay [
$8 to $16 a week for making crayon portraits:
new patent method; any one who can read or
write can do the work in spare time, day or
evening; send for pr. rtlculars at once. H. A. ,
GRIPP, German Artist, Tyrone, Pa. i
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps, United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
Zl and 30 years, who are citizens of tht
United States, or those who have leg*!*/ de-
clared their Intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
epeak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 6 inches and 6 feet in height.
For further Information apply at the "re-
cruiting office, 20 Ellis st.. San Francisco, Cal.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
9 MEN for voyage to sea; no experience neces-
sary. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart ft.
FIRST-CLASS dyer and cleaner; must be a
tailor. Apply to M. CLINK, Visalia. CaJ.
FIRST-CLASS bushelman wishes work; city
or country. Box 2677. Call Office.
MAN with $150; $50 per month guaranteed. 33
Third st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia, Europe. Herman's, 26 Steuart st.
GOOD barber wanted; steady for Saturday and
Sunday. 505 Broadway.
WANTED— IO men to occupy clean rooms; I
nights 25c or 75c week. 105 New Montgomery.
800 PAIR of men's new and seond hand shoes
half price; half soling 35c. 959 Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St., near Jackson.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
HEADQUARTERS for cooks, waiters and oth-
er help. E. SIMON. 643 Clay St.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, £17 . hird ex.; 150 larg*
rooms; 26c per night: $1 to $3 p«r weelc.
WANTED— At Montana House, 7644 Mission
Et., men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. 8.
FUCHS, Sec.. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
MARKET. 863<4 (Elcho House)— Single rooms,
12V£c, 15c to 25c per night; week, 75c, $1, $1 25.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard. Secy., 102 7th: tel. South 628.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from he ferry.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Hooms 25c to $1
night: H to $4 week: hot and cold baths.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night: 75c and tl
week. Undell House. Sixth end Howard iti.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st., below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a nlgtit: SI a week.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED— Agents to sell Alaska gold bonds;
salary and commission : references required.
Apply H. G. SHAW. 4 Sutter st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WANTED— Partner with $2000 In established
cash business. Box 80. Call Office.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion st: tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Moat-
gomery st. ; highest prices paid. Tel. Davis 71.
~~ PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— Partner for dyeing and cleaning i
business; must be a dyer. 929 Folsom st.
HOUSES WANTED.
COTTAGE and stable combined; large yard;
about 10 blocks from ferry. Box 2895, Call.
ILATS WANT
WANTED— Upper or middle flat of 3 n*?e light '
sunny rooms, between Harrison. Market.
Third and Sixth sts.; rent $10 or $12. Ad-
dress H. W. L., box 42. Call office.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
GOOD home for child In country; . near San
Rafael preferred. Address box 7777. Call.
WANTED— 2 rooms, suitable for dressmaker; !
central; furnished or not. 627 Larkln st. ■ I
WANTED— MI SCELIiANEOUS.
„ ,^,.. .  ,^
WANTED— Second-hand light spring wagon or j
business buggy; cheap; state price. Box 2596,
Call office. /
WILL exchange young gentle horse for a styl-
ish cart. Address C, box 6, Call, Oakland.
WANTED— good Domestic machine. 724%
Market st.
WANTED— IOO goals for feeding the animals.
Address the Zoo. Chutes, city. '
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKER-Old gold, silver. cast-oft
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil and' mining engineering:
surveying, assaying, etc.; ■-•• 20 teachers; 1100
' graduates placed since 1592; catalogue. .-■ ■■
THE Lyceum, preparatory school for. the uni-
■ versity, law and medical colleges; accredited
with Stanford University, Cooper College, etc. •
day and evening sessions; ref.. Pres.. Jordan
or. any Stanford professor. : Phelan building.
AYRES 1 Business College, 723 Market st.;
, Individual > Instruction in shorthand, typing
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship. $ 0: low rates per week and month. •'■
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572. 855 Market st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, cornet, piano and other
Instruments taught by lady teachers 3941
Twenty-fourth st.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve :
est. 1564. VAN PER NAILEN. 933 Market.'
WEBSTER. 2107H-Plano teacher; studied in
Paris; terms reasonable; best references.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons.
13 per month. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
VOICE culture, piano. Paris graduate: French.
Spanish; new classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
357 HAVES ST.-Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce laws specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections, wills,
probate, insolvency, deeds, damages, mort-
gages, copartnership, lulls-of-sale, patents,
trademarks, etc.; established 10 years. O. W.
HOWE, att-at-law. SCO Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
_W. \V. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
ELEVENTH. 106-Branch of flce~oT Th« Call;
subscriptions and want ads taken.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; vend for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery
TOST, food order, S2S; trad (or sample work.
SCOTT * BA.NNAN, 133 Montgomery st.
PERSONALS. '
YOUNG man would like the acquaintance of a
young lady; view to matrimony; German pre-
: ferred. Box 2579. Call office.
MR. CONRAD KOHLER wants to see his son.
JACOB KOHLER, in San Francisco about
particular business. . ; _________________
MATRIMONIAL.
ALL seeking marriage send 10c and postage for
March "Weddlnp Bell": 16 rages: no $o re-
quired. Editor. 11l Ellis St.. San Francisco.
.^BUSINESS .PERS^TNALS.
NO-VINO. Dr. Terhune's Infallible cure for
drunkenness; given secretly and at home;
absolutely, harmless, inexpensive and guar-
anteed to cure; all druggists or write direct.
Terhune Remedy Co., Dept. A, Grand Rapids,
Mich. j ' - ■ ■
MY patrons are sure of having their hair
dressed in the latest fashion, ' 25c; eood
switches. $1; best, finest quality. $3 50; extra
heavy, long. $5. Open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
QUINONIA is a perfect hair tonic and harm-
less. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
STAMMERING and stuttering corrected. PROF.
J. WHITEHORN. 570 33d St.. Oakland, Cal.
MUSIC furnished for all occasions; brass or
string. Box 2612. Call office.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. nr. Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $150 per night; $1 50 to $« per week:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MRS. JOHNSON, experienced masseuse; elec-
trical water treatment; office 10, lIS Grant
avenue. '
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made la
San Francisco at Eastern prices. w ALTER
N. BRUNT. 535 Clay St.. S. F.
AGENT wanted to take orders for merchant
tailoring. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny st.
PAINTING, papering, tinting, whitening at
lowest prices. F. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
TRUNKS moved. 25c. Commercial Traoafar
Co.. 22 Stockton St.: phone Main 49.
SUIT to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOP. 1117 Market ft:. r.«-t. 7th and Sth.
; - DRKSSM-i-KERS.
SAN^imANCISCO Ladle*' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market St.. .
MME. GOLDSTEIN— Elegant, stylish dresses,
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St.. rm. 88.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished tranca
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced sh»
will reveal every hidden mystery In life; sha
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m.; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. . CLARK, room*
25 and 26. 1206 Market st., opp. Sixth.
MRS. EMILY MOORE. 833 Howard St.—
wonderful trance medium can be consulted
on all the affairs of life: can read your
thoughts; tell just what you want to know;
if in bad luck she will change it for you;
letters promptly answered; enclose stamps.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. ■
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease; full life reading; ladles 50c,
gents sl; palm, and clalrv.; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
all questions; L., 25c: G.. 50c; no sign. 3 7th.
YOUR future told by cards; ladles 10c; gents
25c. 221 Sixth st.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2, 120% Geary st.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 26c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in her pro-
fession; never fails: advice; help. 929 Post.
i MME. MOREAU, best medium and card-
reader; 25c up; charms given. 73 Fourth st.
j MME. LE NORMANDE, reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth.
i CHEAPEST and best Klondike stoves In tha
world. HOLMES A CO.. 416-41S Jackson st.
SPIRITUALISM.
ENTERTAINMENT and tests to-night: Mrs.
Wrenn, others; questions answered. 997 Mar-
ket St.; 10c.
CIRCLE to-night, 8 o'clock; Thursday, 2 p.m.;
readings, 11. C. MAYO STEERS, 112& Oak.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m. : 25c. 409 Leavenwnrth St.
MAUD FOSTER, fortune teller: ladles and
gentlemen, 25c. 34 Sixth st., room 8.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
232 Stockton st. : old No. 21S.
MRS. SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy st., room 3.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; 10c. 603 McAllister st. fine music.
MISS MELVILLE, the great clairvoyant and
water reader. 921V4 Mission: German spoken.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 123' i Sixth St., room 14.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia; sittings,
(1; circles Tues., 2; Sat. eve., Bp. m. ; 25c.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate- writ Ing me-
dium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
messages and advice. 218 j Storkton st. •
HYPNOTISM-
COLLEGE Sug. Therapeut: s, 247 Larkin; sci-
ences; hypnotism; private lessons aft., evg-.;
classes Mon.,Thur. cv. Mrs. Dr.Turman.pres.
"~~ MEDICAL.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES. 53
McAllister st. ; pills, $2.
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once; safe
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid; Instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; home in confinement;
best care and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where; regulating pills and capsules, $1.
MRS. DR. WEYTH. 918 Post St., nr. Larkin.
DRS. GOODWIN, 401 Van Ness— Ladies, near
or far, consult free, only doctor who uses
Schenck's Inethod, the celebrated French pny-
siclan: safe, sure, reliable cure for all Irreg-
ularities: any cause: restores strength and
vigor or organs; unexcelled; 15 yeai-s' prac-
tice; home; best skill ; low fees: pills. $2.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases: a home In confinement, with best
possible care: with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital: those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER. 220 Turk st.
LADIES. Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best: safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladies." letter by return mail: at
druggists Chichester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
SURE cure, when others fail: no medicine or
instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause: restore in 1 dny: never fails; consulta-
tion free; <an be sent and used at home. DU.
POPPER. SIS Kearny; orders by telegram.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of :nonthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no instruments used; cure at
office $5; consultation free; hours 10 to 5.
DR. AND MRS. KOHL. 1118 Market st.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
$1 (0. RICHARDS & CO., 406 Cla.y st.: send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., G3l X St., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with,
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
I iKS. KLY, late of Ohio. 71 Fourth St.— Ladies'
sure cure; any ail; care at office. Jii: pills. $1.
LADIES — Mrs. Dr. Puetz; infallible, safe rem-
edies; 33 years' experience. 254V4 Fourth st.
DR. HALL. 55 r < McAllister st.; diseases of wo-
men and children.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. OR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth st.. Alam»da.
LOST.
LOST— Subscription blanks belonging to the
unemployed men and women, on Third st.,
bet. Market and Folsom. Return to 419
Stockton st. and receive reward.
LOST — Pointer with liver-colored head and
spots: had collar with chain; name Judge.
Liberal reward by returning to 510 Van Ness
avenue.
QUARTZ locket: J. J. D. Suitable reward If
returned to JGSO Twentieth st.
LOST— Fox-terrier; collar with name Spot on
It. Return to 311 Stelner st. ; reward.
CASK given for old gold and silver Jewelry at
UNCLE HARRIS' 15 Grant aye.
FOUND.
TOUNO brown filly strayed into my yard;
owner can have tame by paying expenses.
Call 410 Maple at.11l . IXESJ CHANCES.
13100 — best fitted up. and guaranteed to
clear $300 net per month, saloon clone to Call
' building; first-class custom; no better busi-
ness offer in the market; Investigate at once;
. this is a chance of a life time. WILKE, 7&3
Market st.
$40J SALOON: average daily receipts $10; rent
$25; 2 'doors from Montgomery St.; a bargain.
WILKE, '.S3 Market .st.
$IRO BRANCH bakery and notions in the Mis-
Eion; large school trade; '■' living rooms; low
rent. Inquire WILKE, 7S>3 Market fat.
JOJO— CORNER saloon In wholesale district;
kept by present owner for -years and doing
a good piiying business; rare change: fullest
• Investigation givnn. WILKE, 783 Market Bt.
$12.".0-<iLD-ESTA BLISHED sal' in, close to
t banks and leading hotels: average daily re-
cetpts $22; rent $50, lease; no night work;
actual value :j:;t'0O; own<*r to retire and going
on his ranch. Call WILKE. 753 Market st.
i 3TATIONERY, news stand, restaurant
etc;-; living rooms: rent $6; biggest transfer
point of city; must sell; given away M
LESS. 765 Market St. :.•'*.■'.
iISOO— FIRST-CLASS concert hall and family
Sresurt; established 25 years; north of Mar-
ket only place of its kind within a large
radius; full value In sight; clearing now $260
per month; can be Increased; satisfactory
proof furnished; investigate this; it's worth
your while. M. LESS. 76.', Market.
liOO— DELICACY store: fine location; north of
Market; Ing rooms; receipts $15 to $IS'
dally; greatest bargain in this line. M
l-ESS, 765 Market.
A ?600 INVESTMENT will enable you to
clear at least i I T .". per month; convincing
proof; neat, clean and legitimate; no previous
fxperlence; any bright man can manage it.
M. LESS. 765 Market st. •
A PAYING country hotel for sale. Including
building and 1 t. 7. r xi:.o; 26 rooms, bar, par-
lors, ■ Lies from city; lively town; no
competition; niust be suU; make otter
LESS, "c, Market Bt.
i ORNER grocery and bar, south of Mar-
ket st.; value In sight; big bar trade; this
offer means a great bacriflce. M. LESS, ~6i
M.I! -vet St.
, g
BUTCHERS, attention— To let, a first-class
• butcher shop, now running in finest market
. of city; established 20 years; daily receipts
. $U.O to $1!)U; will make rent reasonable; must
be good- man; this offer means getting Into
an Al business for nothing. Apply to- M.
LESS, 765 Market st. ...
with good bar; 10 furnished
Ining room. KREDO & CO . --
■
nery and Icecream parlOrjs;
elegant place near city. KKEDO & Co., 22 i
:-t.
lLOON; line corner; side entrance; eas-
ily worth $6w; receipts $10 daily. KREDO
A— Ji 0; dining-room; 30 stead
don't in Ibs it. KREDO .v CO., -- .
Gear) st.
. NER for Alaska: owns Bhip J' "
.. worth $3500; flne corner 1300
■ market. Western Addition 1000
it, Market and East 400
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
$it>O— SALOON; this is a rare chance for steady
n.an. ' LAUGHLIN .-. CO., 30 Kearny St.
$400 — SALOON; bargain; leaving for Klondike.
. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
A— s4;.'j, WELL-PAYING corner grocery and
..--, bar.
$200— For a good-paying saloon.
. • .s3so— one-half Interest In good restaurant.
• ' other restaurants, saloons and bakeries,
'; at ANDERSON & COt'S, 777 Market st.
-V s2so— PARTNER wanted in light business; eas-
■■■ ily learned; no previous experience required;
trial given: suited to ... steady man sat-
istied with $15 to $25 a week. 724% Market
St., room 17.
CIGAR, tobacco, cutlery and stationey. 2907
Sixteenth, near Howard, "i- will sell half in-
terest to satisfactory parties: cheap; slight
Improvements to be made; 4 living-rooms. ■
PALACE Bakery for sale; doing a good busi-
ness, in the town at Salinas; owner retiring
to fro East. Address P. O. box 245, Salinas.
$400— Bakery: store trade $1') to $12 day; good
cutside route; owner obliged to leave city.
Apply Call Office.
LADY wishes honest gentleman partner with
$si"» for the country. Particulars at 33 Sixth
St.. room 17.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
w. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st.
GROCERY and bar, 4 living rooms, to rent.
I 'or Hern ann and Stevenson sts.
RESTAURANT and bar for sale. Apply 107
tliiiry s-t., near Third:
OR sale— lcecream, candy and notion store.
?;>7 Sixth s-t.; no agents.
IRST-CLASS restaurant for sale in very best
town across the bay; located on corner of
two of the most prominent streets: practically
irithoat*opposltlon In its neighborhood: pos-
itively cjearinn $200 to $250 per month; owner
there over 7 years and offer* his business at
a great sacrifice on account of departure
north : no reasonable nfiVr refused. J. C. 8.,
L.OX-.12. Call office. Oakland. ■
|150 invest actually earns 35 per cent weekly
profits; rare chance: no stock or Klondike
scheme: safe enterprise: control capital your-
' self. D.Sloane, 110 St. Paul St., Baltimore.Md.
HONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant for sale; a
bargain; investigate. 249 Fourth st.
CORNER saloon in manufacturing portion of
city. Inquire Albany Brewery-
RELIABLE partner required in business em-
bracing an exceptional opportunity to make
a fortune. ROBERT BURNS, *47 Broadway,
. Oakland.
FIRST-CLAPS corner grocery and bar for sale;
very reasonable; owner has to leave for
Europe. Address "box 25.".9, Call office.
$100 — BRANCH; bakery, candy and notions; good
' trad*. - Address box 2&?- r ., Call office.
NOTION, stationery and cigar store for sale;
a sacrifice: $75. 155 Eleventh st..nr. Howard.
■ WANTED — buy good shoemaking business;
will pay good price. Box Sy39, Call office.
$ir.O — PARTNER, coffee saloon on Market St..
; bet. Third and Fourth. Apply -.7 Mission.
GROCERY— Twenty-second and Fair Oaks.
Inquire E. MARTIN .v.- CO., 411 Market.
$-7.O— CORNER saloon: opposite factory; sell on
account or death. 1121 Harrison it.
1062 FIFTEENTH— Grocery store for sale
cheap: 3 living rooms: low rent..
JIS0 — BRANCH bakery and notion store; 3 liv-
ing rooms. 3012 Sixteenth st.
1250— PARTNER wanted in a first-class res-
taurant that will pay $75 to <a.-h: this is a
chance for a good man. Apply li. CUKRAN,
2f>S Minna -'
$700 CASH— Good paying business; branch
bakery, notions, cigars and laundry; old es-
• tnMlshed: no agents. Box £6, Call branch
■ r.fflre, 106 Eleventh st.
AN fid established corner grocery and bar;
Vest in city. SCULLY & BON, 420 Sacra-
mento st.
 $:<OO WILL purchase th» Nickel salon, Btock,
. fitting, fixtures, pianoforte; 130 Seventh St.,
near new Postofflce site; no agents.
FOR sale — $1500; grocery an. l bar In fine loca-
tion: well stocked; rent $30. For particulars
Inquire W. A. SCHULTZ & SONS. 623 Front.
REFINED business lady wishes gentleman
partner; small capital. Rm. 1, 111 Geary st.
CIGAR Ptand for sale; stock and fixtures. 131
.Sixth st. • '
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN. Reglsfd Pat.
Agents; established ISG2. 319 Pine St.. city.
DENTISTS.
NEW YORK dentists— Painless extraction, 50c;
I teeth per set, $5 to $10; gold fillings, $1 up:
silver, 60c up; artificial teeth repaired. $1
up; our crown and bridge . work ' is the best;
hours. *9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 1.
9fi9 Mission, cor. Sixth; branch. 371 Hayes.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; painless extracting
free: we make a 'laity of crown and
' bridge work: crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;- all
work painless arid warranted 10 years; our
prices are always the lowest in town. \ Pa-
cific Dental Parlor. 18 Third st. ■ ■
A FULL set of teeth, '."/; see new . flexible
platos; light and thin; warranted ten years;
toeth without plates, crown and bridge work
• our "specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $8 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
t.-U ■. rlors, 24 Sixth st.; telephone Jessie 1132.
Van VROOM "electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact; full set of teeth, ?•" up; silver
fillings. ..' up: gold crowns, $3 50 up; your
teeth pit In without a plate, open evenings.
997 Market St., cor. Sixth; 'Phone Jessie 1683,
DR. L'fDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. nr. Uth:
• no charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new: teeth
from 18 per set; ertractlng 50c: gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
Ist. discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee at Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
OHIO Dental Parlors have removed from 906 to
S]9 Market St., Ac-ndPiry of Sciences building,
room* 30. 31 and 82. fifth floor. V-'vVJ.,
L. A.~TEAGUR A. CANE and F. TEAOUE,
removed to Call bldg.. »th floor, rms. 60S-6Q7.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market et.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
~ ■' PHYSICIAJIS. ~~~ "
DR. C. C. ODO. NELL. ofiice~and residence,
1306 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES. _
TO MERCHANTS AND SHIPPERS—
The advertiser has got a steamer that he
will send to St. Michael on or about the Eth
of June. You will save time and money on
through rates to Circle City or Dawson by
sending your address to Freight, box SSB3.
Call office.
WANTED— partner with from $5000 to $10,000
to Join another that has four times the above
amount to engage In a very profitable busi-
ness on the Yukon. T. P., box SBS4, Call. '
CARPENTERS, blacksmiths, plumbers and i
good men at general work who lire going to
Imp son can on the way up work out $150
of their fare, via St. Micni-M. Apply The
Gold Star Co., Mills building. San Fran.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. 'Uncle Harris, 1.". Grant ay.
LARGE half-b»>ed st. Bernard female dog for
sale; trained In harness to buggy for chil-
dren. 10 Oak Grove aye. ■■,-'. '■
CARLOAD of work and business horses. 426
Valencia St. ,
$2?O— FIRST-CLASS ticket to Dawson. Box
2SC9, Call office, .. . __
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY. Battery and Jackson st».
DOG; large; long haired; suitable for Alaska;
a bargain; will take $20. 130 Seventh st.
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW. 4 Sutter st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant, Fts.
GOOD strong dogs, trained for Alaska, for sale
at 610 Van Ness aye. .
YUKON dog harness : best mnde. for sale by
| all outfitter*. SAM MANN. 1233 Fillmore St.
KLONDIKE dors: also Great Dan*s and Fox
terriers. KILL-IT'S gale Yard. 1730 Market st
LODITINv. HOUSES FOR SALE.
KREDO i- CO., successful brokers. 22Vi Geary.
48 rooms; best in city $2,000
17 rooms, near Plaza; always full 650
15 rooms, near Market: rent $45 300
14 rooms; Golden Gate: snap — 40u
, 10 rooms; Ellis; new and good 300
7 rooms; Market; offices pay rent. 200
7 rooms, all rented; clears $15 150
Hundreds of others at your own price.
A— sl6oo; 20 rooms; reduced from $2500; best
transient corner; sunny corner; clears $100.
X EDO & CO. ■
50 ROOMS, corner house: bay windows $2000
25 rooms; sunny corner; offer wanted....
10 rooms; 8 steady boarders.; snap 275
15-room house: new furniture: price only. 800
23-room house; corner on Fifth st ...... $00
22-room house; new and good 750
85 rooms; rent $200; good furniture 2500
20 rooms, on Van-Ness avc..> 1100
12 rooms, on O'Farrell; clears $50 600
21 rooms: new and good '. 630
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
!. ' 10 ROOMS; elegant furniture; clearing
• month; central; north of Market st.
.7 rooms; sunny corner.
26 r ms; sunny side street.
B. B. HUNSAKER, 0 Eddy st., room 101.
F< 'X srile^ — Lodging-house; 9 rooms; cheap rent.
866 Mission si.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, l."> Grant ay.
$175 — 12 roi ms; all full; good-paying roomers, i
340 Third St. |
ELEVENTH. 10C— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
FIUXITLRE FOlt > 11. i:.
FOR sale — Furnished flat of 6 sunny rooms;
cheap: rent $15. 235 Sanchez St.; no agents.
$275— BUYER for furniture in elegant 6-room
flat. 970 Post st.
NEWLY furnished house of 5 rooms: a bar-
gain ; going away. Box 2911, Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRU:«IEN'TS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $0
cash and $G per month, we ask you to lnvecti-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the :
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains j
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy j
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., j
Steinway Dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter j
ets.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and j
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
?6. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low- <
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
NEW FIRM. NEW NUMBER
NEW GOODS. NEW PRICB&
N'.-w pUtnOfl rented. $3 per month. Repairing
and tuning a SPedaJty, Our prices can not
be equaled in Fan . Francisco.
SfOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 56n Hayes st.
ONE Newhall piano $55
One Zech piano 70 !
One Fischer piano 80.
Twenty others *t all prices.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. lfi-20 O'Farrell.
THE brst piano?, the lowest prices are offered
by Zeno Mauvals Music Co., 763 Market: agts.
for the celebrated Decker & Son pianos.
SOHMER & CO. Byron Mausy, Newby. Evans.
BrlgKs and other pianos; see our rent pian;
no interest first year. 308. 310, 312 Post st.
$75— BARGAIN; Rood Fisher piano. SCHMTTZ,
IS McAllister St., next Hibernla Bank.
ON account of departure; upright; new; stand-
ard make; sacrifice. 1021 Van Ness aye., r. 2S.
SMALLEST ad.; lowest price; S2 per month up;
apply on sale. HEINE, 136 Ellis st
PIANOFORTE; bareain; square grand; want
offer; must sell. 130 Seventh Ft.
AN elegant upright piano, slightly used, half
price. Room 12. Flood building.
A— $100; FINE large upright piano; great bar-
gain. X 3, 120 A Eddy Bt.
HORNUNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 216 Post st.
AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos: second-hand
pianos, $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KNAHE pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 OFarrell St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
MONTGOMERY. 527.. cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call; subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
THE leading violets for the leading people;
60,000 strong plants for sale;. Princess of
Wales and Lady Hume Campbell. $3 per 100.
$1 75 per 60; Golden Gate. California. Marie
Louise and Swanley White. $2 per 100. $1 25
per 60. Also 400 assorted palms from 1 to 3
feet high, from 25 cents to $1 25 each; shrubs
in variety; dahlias a specialty, 5. cents each,
60 cents, per dozen; seeds for sale from finest
strains; special rates to the trade. C. CROCK-
FORD, Grower, Colma, San Mateo County;
take San Mateo electric car.
FOR »ale — I^arge long-haired dog for the
Klondike. 741 A Thirteenth st. . ;
FOR sale— Motor; 4H horse-power. A. MA-
THIEU, 328 Bush st.
10-HORSE power Nagle steam engine at a bar-
gain; call at once. 654 Mission 1 st.
$25—500 EGG incubator, good as new. 1308 Wood
st., Oakland.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH * WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st.
FOR SALE— Billiard, pool, Tlvoli table, 1
pigeon hole and 1 roulette wheel at a sacri-
fice. 757 Harrison st.
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and unframed; framing with glass 7x9 Inches, j
10c: Bxlo and 10x12. Xc: 11x14 and 12x16. 20c;
14x17. 25c; 16x20, 30c; 18x22, 35c: 20x24. 45c; 22x
28, 60c: curtain poles complete, 15c; rm. mold-
Ing, all colors. ft;open eve. Jones, 647 Mission
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOOXAN. 1017-1018-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.
FOR SALE— Two pumps, engine and boiler
and large iron tank. Apply HAVENS &
TOEPKE. Architects, 55 Flood building. .
GAS fixtures very low: large assortment: 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, C 22 Golden Gate aye.
CORNER grocery and  bar; . chance for j live
man. Box 2578, Call office.
ARMOTA windmill; 2000. ga1. tank and pump;
cheap. 3&24 Nineteenth st.
PAINTER outfit for sale cheap. 329 Thirteenth
street. , ' ,t, t -
ENGINE, .boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. B. WHITE. 516 Mission st: .:---,. -..-:■
Laundry machinery, engines, dynamos. electri-
cal goods; new, 2d hand. Smith C 0. ,527 Mission.'
J. R. ■ POOL, 'house-mover, dealer ' second-hand
building mat. rial. 1124 Mission; Tel. So. 787.
SAFES— and j second-hand : ■ cheaper | than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In, new and second-hand; all
sizes: half original cost. , 109-111 Market, S. F.
GRA PHOPHONES. $10: Records, $5 per doz.;
Projectoscopc. $100. Baclgalupi, 933-946 .Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, -. scale, hand-truck; letter-press.
desk and safe cheap. ■ 102, Clay st. ' ■:; ■ • .;
BARS, showcases, < counter*.'-' shelving. etc:,'
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh:
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL ■ kinds bought,' sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing; -lowest rates. : 205 Fourth st. ■
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. lti Sixth St.; phone Mint 43.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 5, 1898.
• HOUSES, TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN :—:: — :
You gee houses -to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery. ■'■'• .'■•<■.■
HYDE, 009, near Geary — Sunny; choice; 13
rooms; $50; appreciated If seen; Investigate.
HOUSE of 8 rooms and bath and basement.
1715 Laguna st. ; sun all day. - ■
TENTH, 321— Four sunny rooms; large yard
and basement; rent $8. " ■
TWENTY-THIRD. 2754. near Hampshire— 6
rooms; bath; yard; rent $16.
5S— HOUSE 5 rooms, ■in fine order; healthy;
cheap. 1567 Kearny st.. near Greenwich.
$25— HOUSE and large barn; 7 stalls. 126 Clara
ft. Nlroi,. 410 Kearny st.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED house to let for the summer: 8
large sunny rooms: piano; hot and cold
water; all conveniences. Apply on premises,
635 Guerrero Bt. ,
LOVELY new sunny finely furnished house;
10 rooms; very desirable; reference ex-
changed. Apply 2516 Pine st., Ito 4 p. m.
SUTTER, 717. near Taylor— Choice; elegant;
sunny; appreciated if seen; please investi-
gate; or furniture for sale cheap; optional.
VAN NESS, 2525—6 rooms; furnished; hot and
cold water, bath; all sunny rooms; cheap.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COZY cottage, 5 rooms, bath, yard, stable; $12.
4185 Twenty-sixth St., near Castro. .
SUNNY cottages of 4 and 5 rooms; bath, base-
ment, yard. IS7G Fifteenth st., near Dolores.
TO Kent— Modern cottage, 1813 Baker st. J. G.
JACKSON, 4S Market 6t.
TWENTIETH, 4437— Seven-room cottage, bath,
laundry and basement;- suitable for small
• business. ' '
4-r., $10; 5-r. (new), $15; 7-r. (new), $17; 8-r.,
$18. or will sell. $50 to $200 cash; bal. like-rent;
see 'em. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market.
MARKET, i— branch oflice of The Call; want
ads and' subscriptions taken.
FLATS TO LET.
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath: laundry; cellar; op-
posite Lurline Baths; sun all day. 1212 Larkin.
A — NEW; elegant; 5 rooms and enamel bath;
yard, etc. 171$ Page St., near Chutes. :
A— GEARY-ST. Hats reduced to $IS.
A— sl6 Geary-st. flats reduced to $10. -\J*
A— s4s house. $32. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market.
BEAUTIFULLY furnished' flat 7 rooms; bath;
. large yard; basement free; tel. Black 3092.
BOWIE aye., 3, off Eleventh, near Howard —
Lower flat 4 rooms; bath. gas and tubs.
CLAY, 1633, cor. Polk— s22 50; sunny bay-win-
dow flat, 6 rooms, bathroom. ;; ..- ; j :
FINE fiat. 6 rooms and bath; all modern Im-
provements; 623 McAllister St., between Van
Ness aye. and Franklin st. Apply at 623
Golden Gate aye.
FLATS. 6 and 6 rooms; improvements; cellar;
one block Jack»n-st. cars. 1135 Pacific st.,
near Jones. ' '.
FLAT of 4 rooms; sun all day; rent $10. 2043
Harrison st., off Eighteenth.' •••
LINDEN, S3l— rooms and bath. Call at 328
Fell st. ■ ' ■ ;_
NEW modern flat: 6 rooms and bath; near to
High School. 16 Seymour aye., off Golden
Gate aye. ■ ■ •
NINETEENTH, 3954, near Noe— Lower 4
rooms, modern, $14; 599 Noe, corner Nine-
teenth, lower 4 rooms, modern, $15; 47 Pond,
off Sixteenth, half block from Market, upper
5 rooms, modern, $15, water free.
$15— Lower flat 3 rooms. 22 Derby place, off
Taylor, bet. Geary and Post.
RING up 'Phone Brown 823 if you wish to bor-
row money. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ava.
TWENTIETH, 3455, near Capp— To let, new flat
of 7 sunny rooms and bath; modern improve-
ments: also fiat of 4 rooms and bath, 3442
Twentieth, near Capp.
WASHINGTON, 1704, near Polk— s22 50; sunny
bay-window flat, 6 rooms and bathroom.
$18— PINE, 162714, between Van Ness ave-. and
p'ranklin— Lower flat, 6 rooms and bath.
DAVID STERN & SONS, 20 Montgomery st.
4 ROOMS and bath; basement and yard. 312
Waller st. '
$I".— MODERN . urner flat: 6 rooms, basement,
yard: water free. 341 Jersey Bt. ; Castro or
Twenty-second st. cars.
$16— FLA.T: 5 rooms and bath; yard. 28 Wash-
ington aye., off Mission st., near Ninth.
US—TOP flat of G ruoms and bath. 1909 Geary
street.
$35— LOVELY sunny modern flat of 7 rooms,
bath. 624 Golden Gate aye., near Van Ness.
FI'RMSHII) FLATS.
A HANDSOME middle flat; every convenience;
piano: garden. 1617 Golden Gate aye.
PACIFIC aye., 2411 A, near Flllmore— Furnished
flat; references required.
WEBSTEJR, 800B — Sunny corner flat and cot-
tage; complete fur housekeeping; also un-
furnished cottago.
BOUSBKCUEPIHG ROOMS.
BARTLETT, 329— Two furnished rooms, with
kitchen, pantry, bath; conveniences for
housekeeping.
BUSH; 120?.— 3 or 4 housekeeping rooms, fur-
nished, with bath.
CALIFORNIA, 719—2 or 1 housekeeping rooms;
large sunny yard; rent reasonable.
ELEVENTH. 10'>-Branch office of T»e Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
FIFTH, 322—2 rooms, furnished for house-
keeping; rent cheap.
FIFTEENTH, 2136. north of Market— 3 or 4
pleasant housekeeping rooms* furnished or
unfurnished, in cottage; adults; Castro cable.
FOLSOM, 874 — Complete sunny housekeeping
rooms; also single room; quiet family; cheap.
FOLSOM. 1130 — 3 sunny- rooms complete for
housekeeping; all conveniences; $14 per
month.
FOLSOM, 1581— Two furnished housekeeping
rooms; basement; $7.
GEARY; 622— Large sunny front room, kitchen
and laundry; complete; also single room.
GOLDEN GATE. 311— Sunny room, gas, bath,
complete for housekeeping, $10.
GOLDEN GATE, 620—3 sunny housekeeping
rooms, complete; first floor; rent $20 per mo.
GROVE. 202, cor. Van Ness aye. — Sunny un-
furnished 3-room suites with gas stove.
HAWTHORNE, 172, near Harrison— Nicely fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; man and wife.
HOWARD, 511—2 rooms complete for house-
keeping; rent cheap.
HOWARD, 1214 — 2 large sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms, rent $12; pingle rooms, $5.
HYDE, 1745- -Housekeeping rooms, furnished or
unfurnished; cheap.
LARKIN, 1013'/i — 2 or 3 sunny housekeeping
rooms; newly furnished.
MISSION, 829—2 housekeeping rooms, $10;
neatly furnished.
MISSION, 946, near Sixth— Nice front room,
with folding bed and kitchen, comp.ete.
MISSION, 172!)"],, near Thirteenth Two sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; bath; laun-
d ry; $8.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
OCTAVIA, 2519—3 unfurnished rooms, front and
sunny; rent $15.
POLK, 1532 — Sunny bay-window rooms, fur-
nished and unfurnished; suites, $7, or single,
$4; bath.
POWELL, 415—2 sunny front rooms, unfur-
nished, for housekeeping; running water, gas.
SHOTWELL, 231— Unfurnished sunny bay-win-
dow room in private family.
SOUTH PARK, 80— Sunny suite of rooms; fur-
nished or unfurnished; bath; private.
SUITE of two nice front punny housekeeping
rooms; folding bed in kitchen; bedroom suit
to match in bedroom; furniture all new; J,"
per week; suitable for 3 or 4 persons. Apply
at shoe store, 562 Mission st., bet. First and
Second sts.
THIRD, 334—2 sunny unfurnished housekeep-
ing rooms; rent $5.
THREE sunny rooms complete for housekeep-
ing at 1136 Folsom st.
TURK. 543—2 sunny furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping; gas aiid bath; $15.
TWELFTH. 145 — 2 pleasant sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping: $12 per month.
VALENCIA, 1154— Large sunny front room,
carpeted, suitable for housek'g; also others.
VAN NESS, 410— Sunny front room, $15: back
parlor, $10. grate (kitchen if desired); others,
$7 upward, gas, bath, etc.
$17 — 5 BUNNY rooms, bath; Alameda or city.
606E Shotwell st.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9M
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
ROOMS TO LET.
ALTON, 204 McAllister— Sunny front suites;
liu^e single rms.; reasonable; housekeeping.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co.. 22 Stockton st. Trunks
moved to any part of city, 35c; phone. Main 4a.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en sultt and single: flrst-cla»i
In every rwpCOt; terms reasonable.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
AT the Oxford. 231 O'Farrell, elegantly fur-
nished rooms, suites and single, by day or
month.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Newly furnished; fami-
lies and gentlemen: references given.
BUSH, 717— Large sunny room: well fur-
nished; light housekeeping; all conveniences;
$10 a month.
BUSH, 72S— Sunny bay-window rooms, fur-
nished: apply bet 6 and 8 p. m. ; gentlemen.
CENTRAL House, 52 2d— Good family os single
rms.; day, 25. 50c; wk.. $1 25. $2 50; mo.. $5 up.
CLEMENTINA. 434%— Nice furnished room!
with use of parlor, $3 month.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis St., corner Mason— Sunny
eingle rooms and suites; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms, $8 and $10 mo. ; nice suites.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night.
50c to $1; week. $2 to $6; families.
EDDY, 614— Very desirable sunny front room;
lower floor; bath; gas; clean and quiet; $10.
ELEVENTH. 106-Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $S week.
FAIR OAKS, 94, above Guerrero— Sunny front
furnished room, $4, or 1 unfurnished.
FELL, 219— Front sunny suite, with bath;
newly furnished.
FOLSOM, 1103— Large front double bay-win-
dow room, suitable for 2 gentlemen.
FRANKLIN, 202— Nicely furnished sunny cor.
room: bath, gas; quiet fam.; very reasonable.
FULTON, 29— Fine large back parlor; also sin-
gle room; bath and gas.
GEARY, 51S— Large sunny bay-window suite;
other rooms;; housekeeping privileges.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7SI Mission; select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $t> per week.
HAVES, 817—2 or 3 unfurnished rooms; run-
ning water; use of bath.
HOWARD. 715, ST. DAVID'S — 200 rooms;
suites; single; sunny reading room; 26c up.
HOWARD. Tt',J Neatly furnished front room;
also Eingle, $3 and $4 a month.
HOWARD, 1217 Ms — Large furnished room in pri-
vate family; suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
HYDE. 1747— Five large sunny rooms; bay-
window, grate, etc.. $16.
LARKIN, 1200— Sunny furnished front rooms in
private family. $4 per month and upward;
board if desired.
LARKIN, 1518— Sunny furnished room; bath.
LASKIE, 9H. between Eighth and Ninth, off
Mission— Clean furnished room, $3 per month.
LEAVENWORTH. 1521—3 or 3 large rooms;
hot water; bath; lower part of private house;
rent cheap.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
MCALLISTER. 511— Nicely furnished sunny sin-
gle room; running water; bath; gas; reas.
MINNA, 067, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 a week.
NEVADA House, 132 Sixth— Select rooms. $1 50
$4 50 wk., $6 to $15 mo.; also housekeelng.
OAK, 22— Nicely furnished modern rooms, $6
and $8 mo.; suitable for 2; nice location.
O'FARRELL, 210 A —Sunny bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms, $8 and $10.
O'FARRELL, 327— Large and single front
rooms, furnished or unfurnished; very rea-
sonable.
POLK, 609— Elegantly furnished sunny front
suite, with piano; desirable for music teacher.
POST, 515— Handsome sunny suites and single
rooms; very reasonable.
POST. i)22— Sunny suite or single rooms; first-
class In every respect.
POST, 2436— Sunny front room; middle flat.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER STATE. 16-18 Mason— European; ele-
Knnt rms: suite, single; day, week, month;
baths; hot and cold water; transient; elev'tr.
SIXTH, n?A. cor, Minna (The Piedmont)—
Nicely furnished modern sunny front rooms.
STEVENSON, 79. next corner Second— Tailors'
workrooms to let.
STOCKTON, 212— Nice sunny rooms, facing
plaza; suites, single; baths; running water;
day, week, month.
SUTTER, 715-717-7W— Furnished and unfurnish-
ed; choice and sunny, reasonable; investigate.
TURK, 10— Newly furnished sunny suite; new
buildlnir: references.
TURK. 539— Klcelv furnished punny single and
double rooms; |0 mo. up; housekp'g if desired.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free.
BOARDING AXD ROOMS.
COLUMBIA Square, 24, opp. Folsom-Ft. Park-
Room and board, $18.
FELL, 26 — Sunny parlor, with lst-class board
for 2 $35 mo.; single rooms; gents preferred.
FOLSOM, 011— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $j per week: nice location.
FULTON, SBS (The Mlzpah)— A qu>t family
hotel; modern sunny rooms, single and en
suite; exceptional table; terms reasonable.
' HYDE, 925— Sunny suites; first-class board;
quiet; homelike. MRS. T. W. BROTHERTON.
HYDE, — Double and single rooms; flrst-
class board; Spanish; $36 a month up.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Good table board. $3 per
week, with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
SITTER, 1128— Nicely furnished.. sunny . front
rooms, with board; overlooking garden; baths.
TWENTY-FIRST, 3392. corner Guerrero— Pri-
vate boarding: house; sunny rooms; newly
furnished. ..
VAN 'NESS aye., 808— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern; newly furnished: with board.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
WIDOW with comfortable home would like 2
children to board; reasonable. 51 Clara st.
WANTED— 2 or 3 children to board; nice sunny
yard. Call 1412 Hyde st., downstairs.
WIDOW having her own home would like the
care of a baby; mother's care. MRS. SHIV-
ERS. Anttoch, Cal.
WANTED— to board; best of care; terms
$10. 1034 McAllister st.
AN elderly lady will < take Infants to board: a
mother's care; references. 2344 Sixth si.
STORES TO LET.
ASHTON & GARDINER,
. •.■-.. 411 Montgomery st.
$l. >— 2106 Market St., near Octavia.
$50—1532 Market st., near Larkln. g *.-;;'>,:•,&
$22 60— S!6 Howard St., bet. Fourth and Fifth.
$15—234 Montgomery av<\, near Broadway. '
$6f.— SOS Montgomery aye., near Dupont. <
$18—527 Broadway, near Montgomery aye;
$23 — Fourth st., near Harrison. •
$2.1 — 221 Natoma st. ; - with fine oven.
$35—11 City Hall aye. v - : -.
$00 — 3 Commercial St., near Ferries.
$40—20 Sacramento St.. near Ferries.
$18—1229 Dupont St., near Montgomery aye.
$40— 717 Larkin Ft., bet. O'Farrcll and Ellis.
$120—479-485 Valencia st., cor. Sixteenth.
$40—314 Montgomery aye., near Dupont st.
$B— lCOO Pacific aye., near Polk.
$15—229 Fourth st., bet. Howard and Folsom.
$25—1104 Valencia st., near Twenty-second.
MARKET, Half of store: with or without
basement. ■ • -
BARN to let— cor. Hyde and Filbert: 25x
70: stilt., for coal yard. BABIN, 413 Kearny.
LEAVENWORTH, 1526. cor. of Pacific—
and 2 rooms: rent reduced.
TWENTY-FOURTH, corner Vlcksburg—
store. 4 rooms: $14: stable if required.
STABLES TO LET.
TO RENT— A stable for livery or dairy busi-
ness. • 445 Valencia st. •■ ;
mm ■—^— — .^ —^ — — «— — —^— »
, CARPED CLEANING. "~
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
88 and 40 Eight i st. telephone South 260. ( *
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDINU'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. So. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter;
; tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor. - -
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat-
Ing, alteration wks, 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c. per yard; relaid at 3c.
STRATTON, 3 Eighth -: st. ; tel. . Jessie 944. - *
GREAT - Eastern : Steam Carpet - Cleaning
Works.' 14 Sth st. B. GRANT; tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.; cleaning. 3c. a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CON KLIN" Carpet-Beating Works, 833 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 128. -, „,-
.•• - ■■■,;■•.■ "storage! "
F 'R lowest rates go to LOUIS J. NEUM AN,
. 121 Sixth St., open evenings. : . '. <^»."
AT low >. rates — Furniture, - carpets, - pianos,
- household ; goods; ■ clean, light compartments;
■' advances made. J. : NOON AN, i 1017 to 1 1011
Mission St., above Birth; open evenings. .- ■
AT lowest Household goods,* pianos; ad-
- , vances made;' fireproof building. - F.v.' W.
ZEHFUSS, 840 Mission st. ,Tel. Mint ISM.
CITY NRE -L. ESTATE.
INSTALLTreNT HOUSES. —
The best-situated spot , In * the city . for
■ homes; right on a car line; corner Castro and
Twentieth sts.; only 4 out of 2S -houses re-
maining unsold ; 1 large 6-room house, $3600, ',
highly decorated, street: accepted; 1 S-room,
cottage, $2S00; 1 6-room cottage. $2400. and 1:
4-room cottage, $2250. .F. NELSON, owner ;
and builder. ::•-• :'-}.': : 'iC-<V-'?.-
LADIES accommodated with money at home.
Ring up Uncle Harris. 'Phone Brown 323.
ONLY $13 50 a month will buy a new 4-room
and bath cottage; good neighborhood: 5 al-
ready sold. JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Montgom-
ery st. • ■'."-. .
FOR SALE— improved Mission lot, 24x100;
positive bargain: half cash. Box 2592. Call.
ftiONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate;
. 2d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in
probate, life insurance, goods in warehouse,
. furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mo-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays.- J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14. ■■ . .
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st; tel. Green 204.
$5. UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUG AN & CO.. 230 Kearny at.; upstairs.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
. private party. BONNKLLI, 130 Powell st.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St., upstairs; •" strictly prlvata; low
rates; tel. Red 1121; established 1569.
QUICK on furniture. * pianos; no removal: no
commls. : low Interest Rm. 6S, 1170 Market.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount:
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 32S Montgomery.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
tate, etc. Room 7. SOS California st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 21 mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 623 Market at.
ON pianos, .< furniture; '. no removal; lowest
rates; no com.; private.' 116 McAllister st.
SIXTH. 10— Most reliable place to borrow
money; diamonds and Jewelry.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS en real estate, bonds, etc.: lowest
rates. MCAFEE BROS.. IPS Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKERS.
SAVE Interest and borrow from the CUT RATE
LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason Ft.; private rooms.
_________ ____
Fk'oposaLsl
SA?TT= : 'RA^Hsc7ir~clirr~Al^^
proposals. in triplicate, will be received here
and at office of Quartermaster until ,11
o'clock a. m., Monday, May 2, IS9B. and then
opened, for furnishing, during fiscal year
commencing July 1, IS9B, forage and straw
for San Diego Barracks, Cal. ; also at same
time, at this office only, for forage and
straw for Alcatraz Island, Angel Island, Fort
Baker, Benicla Barracks, Fort Mason, Presidio
of San Francisco and San Francisco, Cal.
Government reserves right to reject or accept
any or all bids, or any part thereof. Preference
given to articles of American production,
conditions of price and quality (Including in
the price of foreign . productions the duty
thereon) being equal, ' and such preference
given to articles of American production pro-
duced on the Pacific Coast, to extent of con-
sumption required by the public service there.
All information furnished on application to
quartermaster at San Diego Barracks, or to
' undersigned. Envelopes containing bids to
be Indorsed "Proposals for Forage and
Straw," and addressed to said quartermaster,
or to JAMES M. MOORE, Assistant Quarter-
master General, : U. S. A., Chief Quarter-
master.
PLANS and specifications invited for an hos-
pital building — Clerk's office, Board of Super-
visors. San Francisco, March 12, 1898.
In accordance with Resolution No. 797
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
public notice Is hereby given to architects
that competitive plans and specifications for
the erection of an hospital building will be
received In open session of the Board of Su-
pervisors on MONDAY AFTEKNuON Sep-
tember 12, 16'J8, between the hours- of 2:30
and i o'clock.
The proposed building to be of modern de-
sign and to be constructed of stone or brick
or of both, with all tho latest scientific im-
provements required as to construction and
sanitation, equal to, if not superior, to any
building designed or contracted for hospital
purpuses, as are Indorsed by medical author-
ity as> being indispensable in the construction
of such a building.
The said hospital building to be erected on
the lot of land selected and approved by the
Board of Health described as follows:
Commencing at the most southeasterly cor-
ner of a tract of land known as and desig-
nated on the official map of the city and
county of San Francisco as the "Almshouse
Tract," and running thence due north along
the easterly boundary line of said Almshouse
Tract seven hundred and sixty-live (765) f ee t;
thence due west five hundred and fifty (550!
feet; thence due south seven hundred and
Eixty-nve (765) feet to the southerly line of
the said Almshouse Tract; thence due east
along the said southerly line of the Alms-
house Tract five hundred and fifty (550) feet
to the point of commencement; containing
8.659 acres.
The said plans and specifications to be so
prepared that the cost r>t the building shall
not exceed in the aggregate the sum of three
hundred thousand ($300. uOO) dollars, which
sum must cover the entire expense for the
erection and completion of the proposed
bulldlne.
NOTlCE— Architects will prepare and sub-
mit with their plans and specifications for
said hospital building an itemized estimate
of the cost of said building, the statute re-
quiring eight (S) hours to constitute a day's
work with a minimum rate of -wages of two
($2) dollars per day. for persons employed on
said building, with the distinct understanding
that no plans or specifications will be enter-
tained or considered of buildings the aggre-
gate cost of which are estimated to exceed
the sum of three hundred thousand ($300,000)
dollars. Also that the architect whose plans
and specifications of the building are adopted
will be appointed architect and superintend-
ent of the building at a compensation of five
(6) per cent of the total coat, and will be re-
quired to give a good and satisfactory bond
or bonds, as the case may be, to Insure the
completion and construction of the said
building for the amount of the estimate of
the cost as made by the said architect. The
architects submitting plans and specifications
determined by the board to be second, third
and fourth In merit will receive premiums of
$1000, $750 and $500 respectively, with the un-
derstanding that any features of said plans
and specifications which may be considered
useful or necessary be embodied In the plana
adopted may be tis»pd without further cost or
charge. JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
LEGAL NOTICUS.
IN the Superior Court of the c7ty and~county
of Ban Francisco, State of California— ln the
matter of the estate of CHARLES C. TEK-
KILL, deceased. — Notice of sale of real es-
tate.
Notice Is hereby given that in pursuance of
an order of the Superior Court of the city and
county of San Francisco, State of California,
made on the 21st day of March, 189s, In the
matter of the estate of CHARLES C. TER-
RILL, deceased, the undersigned, ANNIE H.
TERRILL, as executrix ol the last will of
said CHARLES C. TERRILL, deceased, will
sell at private sale, to the highest bidder, in
one parcel and for cash in the gold coin of
the United States, on or after the 12th day
of April, 1838, the offers or bids to be received
at the offices of E. F. PRESTON, ESQ.,
1004-1007 Claus Spreckels building, San Fran-
cisco, all the right, title, Interest and estate
of the said CHARLES C. TERRILL at the
time of his death, and all the right, title and
interest that the estate has, by operation of
law or otherwise, acquired other than or in
addition to that of the said CHARLES C
TERRILL at the time of his death, in and
to all that certain lot, piece or parcel of land
situate in said city and county of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, and bounded and
described as follows, to wit:
That lot, piece or parcel of land situate as
aforesaid which is bounded by a line com-
mencing at the southwesterly corner of Va-
lencia and Hermann streets, being the point
of Intersection of the southerly line of Her-
mann street with the westerly Una of Va-
lencia street, and running thence southerly
along the said westerly side of Valencia
street seventy-five (75) feet to a point; thence
at a right angle westerly, on a line parallel
with Hermann street, ninety (90) feet to a
point; thence at a right angle southerly on a
lino parallel with Valencia street, twenty-
five (25) feet to a point; thence at a right
angle westerly on a line parallel with Her-
mann street, seventy-five (75) feet; and to a
point In the easterly line of Elgin Park •
thence at a right angle northerly and along
the said easterly line or Elgin Park, one
hundred (100) feet, and to a point In the said
southerly line of Hermann street; and thence
easterly, along the said southerly line of
Hermann street, one hundred and sixty-five
(ICS) feet and to the point of commencement
the same being a part of Mission block num-
ber twenty-two (22) as the said block is
shown and so designated on the official map
of said city and county, together with the
Improvements thereon and the appurtenances
thereof.
ANNIE H. TERRILL. Executrix of the
Estate of CHARLES C. TERRILL, deceased.
Dated, March 26. 1898. ea
B. F. PRESTON, Attorney for Executrix.
CITY and County Treasury, San Francisco
March 16, 1898— In compliance with the provis-
ions of section 5 of order 159S of the Board of
Supervisors, approved September 15, ISSO
there will be sold at public auction by E. s!
Spear & Co., at their salesrooms, 31 and 33
Butter street, on
MONDAY, APRIL 18, 1898,
At 10 o'clock a. m., sundry articles of stolen
lost and unclaimed property recovered by the
police force of San Francisco. as> detailed in
an Inventory thereof on file In the office of
the clerk of the Board of Supervisors, and
consisting of jewelry, wearing apparel, pis-
tols, knives, etc.; also a lot of trunks, valises
clothing, etc., property of deceased persona
received from the Coroner of this city and
county. Open for Inspection on morning of
■alt. A. C. WIDBER.
City and County Treasurer.
; . ; COUNTRY REAL, ' ESTATE.
SWEENY RANCH ~~~~-~~— ~~~~-
NR. REDWOOD CITY. SAN MATEO CO.
We ' will ; subdivide the • celebrated ranch of
the late Miles D. Sweeny In tracts of 100 acres
or less; rich soil for fruit, grain and vegeta-
bles; plenty of water; this property immedi-
ately adjoins Redwood City, and Is only one ,
hour's, ride from San Francisco; suitable for
small home farms; prices :, below all former
quotations and upon . unusually easy terms.
For particulars call or address
': V>. - EASTON. ELDRIDGE a. CO..
;.-.-- 633 Market St., San Francisco.
Or our branch office at Redwood City.
MOUNTAIN VIEW LANDS
;.-• FOR SUBURBAN HOMES.
Especially adapted to raising deciduous fruits
and vegetables; we have a few choice subdivi-
sions of 10 to 20 acres each in the Newhall &
Wise tract which we offer at extremely- low
prices and on very easy terms; small cash pay-
ment, balance monthly; one : nd a half miles
from Mountain View station. Apply for full
particulars to •
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO
6SS Market st., San Francisco,
. Or WOOSTER & WHITTON.
West Santa Clara st., San Jose.-
FOR RENT. • ~~ ~~
A BEAUTIFUL COUNTRY HOME.
Situated In the foothills,' west of Stanford
University, overlooking the Santa Clara Val-
ley and the bay; handsome furnished house of
i 3 rooms, bath, etc. ; fine spring water, fruit
trees, stable and outhouses; will rent for a
term of years; only 30 miles from Sa i Fran-
cisco. EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
. 638 Market St., S. F.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
$3600 FOR Vii acres within 8 minutes' walk
from Santa Rosa postoflice and court house;
fine house, 8 large rooms, besides hall, pan-
try and bath' room; piped for water and gas;
large stable, barn, 3 sheds, 130 choice fruit
trees; will sell whole or in blocks to suit.
Address R. W. BELL, £04 Tupper St., Santa
Rosa, Cal.
A— slBo0 — 40 acre-ranch, COO apricot, peach and
prune trees; few acres grapes and straw-
berries; acre alfalfa; house, barn, horses,
poultry, furniture; fare $2 40. SPECK & CO.,
602 Market st. '■
LOVELY 6-acre orchard home; good buildings;
abundance of pure water, etc. ; best loca-
tion; within 2 miles of Haywards: only $2100.
N. D. SICKELS, .he LAND AGENT,
14A Geary St., near Chronicle building.
MILL VALLEY; for sale, house, furnished or
unfurnished. Apply 626 Turk st.
TEHAMA County, SO acres partly fenced; good
water. Apply 403 Bryant.
TWO ranches, both Improved, with good crop
prospects even this year, for sale or ex-
change for city or Oakland property: a rare
bargain, as owner is unable to look after
them. : Particulars of J. W. Nye. 314 Mont-
gomery st.. room 6, from 9 to 10 o'clock a.
m. and 2 to 3 p. m. dally.
COUNTRY home to let in Santa Clara Co., bet.
Stanford University and Mountain View; 1
mile from Mayfield; house 7 rooms; 2 cottages
4 rooms; garden, orchard, etc; will rent low
for 1 or 3 years to suitable tenant. Apply C.
6. CAPP & CO.. Real Est. Agts., 630 Market.
WRITE for list; good land. $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. CaL
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
$75 LOT, worth $150, In the Allendale Settle-
ment, East Oakland; $3 cash, $5 monthly;
build your own home or we will build It for
you; payment as rent; all streets graded,
some macadamized; 3 electric-car lines and
fine school house near by; climate, soil and
view the very best; call or send for circu-
lar, 455 Seventh st., cor. Broadway, Oakland;
carrige free. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
A SPECIAL bargain— sl6oo; new modern cot-
tage; 6 rooms and bath: furnished; in High-
land Park, East Oakland; lot OuxlOO; any
reasonable terms. BELDEN & COOK, 1112
Broadway, Oakland.
20-ACRE ranch for rent; house, 5 rooms; barn;
small stock, chickens, pigeons, 350-egg Incu-
bator; 2 horses, wagon, cart, harness, 3 cows,
1 hog, implements; $5 month rent. E. H. P.,
Diamond Postofflce.
SNAP— S3SO; 2 lots on Claremont aye., 50x150; 3
blocks from Telegraph-aye. carhouse; 10 min-
utes' from City Hail: must sell; make offer;
owner. DAHLGREN, 522V4 Hayes st., S. F.
MUST be sold— Corner lot. 100x150, with 5
houses, bringing in a rental of $S5 per month;
only one block from narrow gauge depot;
will be sold in whole or part: offer wanted.
■T. CALLAGHAN. Sl4 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND UOUSES.
$25— EIGHT-room furnished house; 7 min-
utes from Clinton station; Hay wards electric
car pasties door; grounds, orchard, stable;
half block Lake Merrltt; piano. 1311 Fourth
aye.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALe7~
: FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store, 40S
Eleventh st.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS^
alameda real. estate.
speciaiTnotice7~~
first come, first served.
just like paying rent.
$1200, $1700. $1800, $?200, $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages, which have
i been thrown on •* market for non-payment '
' of installments, and they are now offered at a '
i great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain |
4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms and are finished up to date; !
almost new, and located near schools and sta- j
tions.
We are going to weed them out and Invite j
Inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL.
, Bay-Bt. station, Alameda, and 62S Market St.. I
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
$750 — Lot 50x270; modern cottage 5 rooms, near
: schoolhouse.
; $1200— Sacrifice; corner lot 35x140; good house of
i 6 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
$1600— Lot 60x150; fine cottage of 7 rooms and
bath: near Chestnut station.
; $2550— 5150 cash; $25 per month: lot 40x150; only
; 2 blocks from station and Tilgrn school.
$3750 — New house of 7 rooms and bath; lot
i 42x150; choice location; very easy terms.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
11. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park St.
COTTAGES WANTED
A STEADY, ' quiet city gentleman (no family)
wishes to rent, for the summer or by the
year, a small, nicely furnished cottage with
garden or grounds, in Alameda County; must
be convenient to railroad; not beyond Hay-
wards; terms must be moderate. Address G.
H., box 10, Call Branch Office, Oakland.
nEIIKELKY REAL tl STATE.
A THOROUGHLY well-built house of 7 rooms;
large lot; street work done; near university:
easy terms. JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Es-
tate, Berkeley station. -,
BERKELEY HOUSES.
BERKELEY— Furnished cottage, electric lights
throughout, to rent for the summer. 2115
Bancroft way, near Berkeley Station; $25.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE-
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.- :
Villa lots ard acreage; easy terms; 45 minutes
from the city: cottages for rent. .AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market St. ,
PUOPERTV TO KXCHAMiI.
2 STORES and 6-room flat; in city........ $5,000
House, 6 rooms; lot 100x160; in Stockton 3,000
Store and 2 flats; rented for $61... ... , 8.000
4 lots in Mlllbrae; for cash only . .
Lot In Santa Rose for hardware store.. 600
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth. S. F.
PROPERTY to exchange— 6Bo acres of grain
and fruit land in Tehama County, 3% miles
from railroad station, to exchange for resi-
dence in San Francisco in residence portion
of the city; land valued at $20,000; free of In-
cumbrance; residence offered for exchange
must be unlncumbered. Address box 232, Sac-
ramento. Cal. 1 •
WHAT have you to exchange for East Berke-
• ley residence lot? furniture preferred. ' EX,
106 Eleventh St. - .
HORSES. ; .
HORSE, cart and harness; cheap. 316 Second
•aye.. near Point Lobos. ■■ -» .
JUST arrived— so horses, mules, burros. 721
Howard St.; auction every Tuesday. > -i-
HORSES, harness, laundry, express wagons of
all . kinds, buggies, ~ carts bought, sold. ex-
■ changed at Emporium, 220 Valencia »t. -;
WANTED— SO '■■ old donkeys free : from • disease
- and physic for feed . for s the -animals. 'Ad-
drees Manager of the Zoo, Chutes, city. ■ ■-..
40. HORSES for sale: also wagons, . buggies.
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
" ket, 827 Sixth st.. auction sales every Wed-
nesday ' ST'T.T.TVA'V as POTr.E. Ancttoni'fr*.'
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. ;
STABLE : for : livery or dairy business. Apply
. - at 445 Valencia st. . ,:
2-SEATED Job- leather top business wagon;
Shaw I trotting cart. } SHAW S, . 1621 Market.
FINE light road buggy; • also . business buggy;
-: cheap... 903 Golden Gate aye. -.v. ' ■
LIGHT milk or delivery wagon; a bargain.
• 1013 Harrison st. r '; .-...■;'. '-.;-•
■ FAMILY carriage with harness,', good as new,
$175. Address box 2563, ; Call office. ;••.;. f
FINE laundry, '.baker's and milk wagons cheap
tfor, rash or. Installments: >1 fine top and open
buggy; ; also 1 hack. ; 823 Harrison st.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Otto Olson and Anna H. Adofon, 22-23.
John Bonacci and Rosina Gigllotti, 22-17.
W. E. Melody and Mary Brownson, 31-39.
A. Farnsell and Hilda Hadenberg, 2S-25.
Roy Frazer and Fannie Rhine, 21-20.
r. W. Chalf&nt and Mary F. Singleton, 22-22.
"BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
BORN.
BAKER— Near Chico. March 30, IS9B, to the
wife of Allen W. Baker, a son.
BLABON— In San Jose. April 2, IS9S, to tha
wife of C. J. M. Blabon, a daughter.
BUCKLEY— In Vallejo, March 30. IS9B, to the
wife of the late Daniel Buckley, a son.
CREBA— In Santa Clara, April 2. IS9B, to the
wife of Phillip Creba, a daughter.
EPPERSON-In Chico, April 1. IS9S, to the
wife of H. T. Epperson, a eon.
GAIL— In Oceano, Cal., March 23, 1891, to the
wife of D. C. Gall, a son.
GRAY— Near Dayton. March 31, ISPS, to the
wife of F. M. Gray, a son.
HEATH— March 27. IS9S, to the wife of E. T.
Heath, a daughter.
HORR— In Jackson, March 29. IS9S, to the
wife of Henry Horr, a daughter.
KEESLING— In the Willows, March S>\ 1838,
to the wife of George L. Keesling, a son.
NOTT— In Salinas, April 1. 189S, to the wlf«
of Dr. J. R. Nott. a daughter.
MARRISD.
EUCHLER— COMMACK— In this city. March
27, 1898. by the Rev. M. M. Gibson. D.D.,
George B. Euchler and Edna A. Commack,
both of San Francisco.
KAISER— MAYFIELD— In this city. April 3.
ISPB, by Rabbi Isidore Ungers, Lip M. Kalsef
and UlUie Mayfield. both of Pan Francisco.
| MINAKEK— HALPTEAD— March 21. IS9B, W.
K. Mmakcr ancillary F. lialstr-.nl.
~~ DIED.
Antipas. Mary Kelleher, Margare*
Blenis. Jemimah Koenig, Moritz
Brown, Dr. J. N. Kuhn. Gussle
Colman, Morris Mullen Fred J.
Chodrick, Maud A. Parenti, Frances
Counts. George Powell, John R.
Crane, Maggie Rosenstirn, Frances
Dunning, William S. Rountree, Maria A.
Enos, John S. Russell. John
Farrell, Mary A. Sands Martin
Hughes. James Sehultz. Mrs. Marie
Kassebaum, Gertrude Spooner, Mrs. A. B.
Kelly, Ann Trench. Annie
King, Mary A. Zifferer, Francis J.
ANTIPAS— In this city. April 4, 1898. Mary,
beloved daughter of Vascilles and Anna An-
tipas, a native of Greece, aged 10 years.
BLENIS— In this city. April 4, 1898, Jemimah
Blenis, beloved mother of Mrs. Upham and
Robert of New York, a native of Canada,
aged 68 years 2 months and 12 days.
BROWN— In San Jose. April 2, IS9B, Dr. Jacob
N., beloved husband of Anna C. Brown, and
father of Mrs. E. S. Simpson, a native of
Cincinnati, Ohio, aged 60 years 11 months
and 8 days.
COLMAN— In this city, April 4, 1898, Morris,
beloved father of Jerome and Meta Colman.
a native of Peysern, Poland, aged 62 years.
E^Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
10 o'clock, from the Masonic Temple, under
the auspices of Fidelity Lodge No. 120, F. and
A. M. Interment Home of Peace Cemetery,
by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and Town-
send streets.
CHODRICK— In this city, April 2, IS9B. Maud
Agnes, beloved daughter of Nellie and WU«
Ham Chodrick, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 10 months and 11 days.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), ot 1 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 127 Clara street.
COUNTS— In Mariposa. April 1, 1898, Georg©
Counts, a native of Tennessee, aged 92 years
and 5 months.
CRANE— In Vallelo, April 3. IS9S, Maggie
Crane, beloved sister of Michael Crane, and
cousin of Thomas Higpins and Mrs. M. J.
Regan, a native of Roscommon. Ireland, aged
23 years.
ETFrlendss and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral tins day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her cousin, M. J. Regan, Santa Clara
street, thence to St. Vincent's Church, Va-
llejo, where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 10 o'clock. Interment St. Vincent's Ceme-
tery.
>UNNING— In Jackson, March 27, IS9S, Wil-
liam Spear Dunning, a native of Maine, aged
76 years.
ENOS— In Sonoma, March 30, 1898, John Sum-
merfleld, husband of Susie T. Enns, and
father of Gertie C. Willis, aged 69 years 3
months and 22 days.
FARRELL— In Oakland, April 3. IMS. Mary
A., beloved wife of the late John Farrell.
and mother of Thomas F. Farrell and tha
late Maria M. Kennedy and Annie E. Dunne,
a native of County Longford. Ireland, aged
63 years and 8 months.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 565 Second street. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
HUGHES— In this city. April 3, 1898. James
Hughes, a native of Ireland, aged 84 years.
KASSEBAUM— In this city, April 4, IS9B. Ger-
trude, dearly beloved daughter of Frederick
and Louisa Kassebaum, and sister of Mar-
garet and Katie Kassebaum. a native of San
Francisco, aged 5 years 9 months and 2
deys.
KELLEHER— In this city, April 4. 1838, Mar-
garet, beloved daughter of Matthew Harrl-
Ean, and cousin of Annie and Etta Holland,
a native of Berkeley, Cal., aged 31 years 9
months and 20 days.
KELLY— In San Jose, April 1, ISftS. Ann Kelly,
a native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
KING— In this city, April 2. 18y8, Mary A.,
beloved wife of Otis B. King, and mother of
Mrs. J. F. Clemens and Mrs. Richard Klr-
man. a native of New Hampshire, aged 44
years.
GT'Frlends and ncqualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 64 Palmer street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
KOENIG— In this city. April 4. IS9B. Moritx,
dearly beloved husband of Anna Koenlg, and
father of Anita Koenlg. a native of Ann-
stadt, Germany, aged 4>> years and 9 months.
A member of German ia Lodge No. 1718, K. of
H., and Deutscher Krleger Verein.
in?" Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. X 209 Mis-
sion st.
KUHN— In this city, April 4, 189S Gussle, be-
loved wife of Louis Kuhn, and mother of
Beckte, Stella, Samuel and Myer Kuhn. a
native of Germany, aged 36 years 11 months
and 10 days. (New York papers please copy.)
(C^Fnends and acquaintances and members
of Companions of the Foresters of America
are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her
late residence, 173 Shipley street, between
Fourth and Fifth, and thence by 3:30 o'clock
train to Home of Peace Cemetery for inter-
ment.
C. of F. of A. — To the officers and members of
Robin Hood Circle No. 68. C. of F. of A..
Worthy Companions: You are respectfully re-
quested to attend the funeral of our late,
companion, Mrs. G. Kuhn. to take place this
day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her lats
residence. By order
MAIMIE BACKESS. C. C.
MAMIE SCHOEN, F. S.
MULLER— In this city, April 4, 1898, Fred J.,
dearly beloved husband of Louise Muller,
and father of Fred. Rena and George Mul-
ler, a native of Westphalen. Germany, aged
49 years 7 months and 2 days.
PARENTI— In this city, April S. 1898. Fran-
ces, dearly beloved daughter of Domenlco
and Catherine Parentl. and sister of Mamie
Parentl, a native of San Francisco, aged 7
years.
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 45 Minna street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
POWELL— In this city, April •.. 1898, John Ar-
thur Powell, son of Madame Soldene. a na-
tive of England, aged 2S years.
ROSENSTIRN— In Berkeley. April 8, 1898,
Frances Florence, dearly beloved daughter of
Dr. Julius and Johana Rosenstim, and sister
of Emily 0.. Alfred and Eric Rosenstim, &
native of San Francisco, aged 18 years 8
months and 4 days.
(C 7' The funeral services will be held
this day (Tuesday), at 8:45 o'clock, at the
family residence, Bancroft way and College
avenue. Berkeley. Take 7:30 broadgauga
boat. Funeral and interment private.
ROUNTREE— In Vallejo. April 1. IS9B, Maria
A. Rountree, a native of Ireland, aged 64
years.
Rt'SSELL. — A month's mind requiem mass will
be said for the repose of the soul of the late
Mr. John Russell in St. Mary's Church, cor-
ner of California and Duyont streets, on
Wednesday. April 6. at 9 o'clock.
SANDS— In Lorln, April 4. 189*. Martin, youns-
est and beloved son of Mrs. L. Sands, brother
of Thomas. Robert, Ole and Laura Sands and
Mrs. E. White, and uncle of Anker and
Henry Bastrup. a native of Norivay. aged
16 years 8 months and 29 days.
SCHI'LTZ— In this city, April 4. IS9B, Mrs.
Marie Sehultz. dearly beloved- mother of An-
ton, Arnold and Henry Lemkau, a native of
Sledenbnrjj. Hanover, Germany, aged 50
years and 10 days.
(CT The funeral services will be held
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission
street, near Eighth. Interment private.
SPOONER— On the Pecho. April 2. 1898. Mrs.
A. B. Spooner.
TRENCH— In this city, April 4. IS3S. Anniw,
beloved daughter of William and Bridget
Trench, a native of San Francis(|>. aged 24
days.
ZIFFFRKR-In this city. April 4. 1S!>8. Fran-
cis Joseph, beloved husband of Mme. Billonl-
Zifferer, n native of Vienna, asred ,"0 years.
I""" McAVOY >rGALLAGHER, ■'
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3 I
20 FIFTH ST.. Opp. Lincoln School. 1
Ti-ieplionp. South 80. i
JAS. ENGLTPH. T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERa.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van NtJ! aye., near Mar&et St.. S«a
Francisco. Telephone So. ISC.
910
A FIELD
DA Y FOR
JOBBERS
J. J. Dowling Gets the
Contract for Alamo
Square Work.
Job to Repair Third Street
Bitumen Awarded to
Flinn & Treacy.
Concrete Specifications for Pav
ing Market Street, From
Second to Fifth.
••:; GOOD WORK PROMISED
' S upervleors A-wnrd the Contract to
the City Street Improvement Com-
pany, Price $10,000.
Yesterday was a field day for Jobs
•la the Board of Supervisors. The Ala
■ no Square work was awarded to J. J.
.V. :I)owling at the figures of the "private
arrangement." The work was done so
Jong ago that the grass is growing over
v the curbs and the Supervisors now are
simply awarding a contract in order
to allow the contractor to get his money
. from the public treasury. No mention
.-.- was made yesterday in the board of
"W'indrem's bid which was lower than
Dowling's. The trick by which the
...Street Committee threw out the low
■ bid was not denounced. In discussing
'.••■; the matter of the work — Alamo
. Square Supervisor Britt asserted that
: . - : .the original contract was entered into
/ ■; on behalf of the city by the Superin
tendent of Streets. Mr. Ambrose, the
.'. Superintendent, distinctly denies that ■
. . : -he had anything to do with the letting
.'of the contract. He asserts that he did
: .' : not know* that any arrar cement had j
■ . been made to do the work until he saw !
•'.-.' Dowling's men at work on the job.
-. .'" lEorc in n case of flat contra.
.'• fiction. Sujx-rv isor JSritt *:■>*
ill. -it tlie Superintendent ©1"
. •.Street* lei tSiss contract and
;■':• tin Superintendent *»ays lie did
not. Let the dirnnd Jury in.
quire whether any contract
'. was made, mid it' one was
:y made who entered into it on
'.behalf of the city.
.-"•/ The contract for repairing Third
ptreet, between Mission and Howard,
. • 'went to Flinn & Treacy for $2100. J. J. ,
;JDowling at first proposed to do the
• work for $950. but he was allowed to •
•.pull, out his bid for that sum and the ;
• •.board instead of inviting new propo- '
; : ■; sals awarded the contract to the next
_.-; lowest bidder. Dowling's bid of $950
•. .was- a fair estimate of the value of the
.';. work, and material required for the re
'; .pairs. The space to be repaired was in
..'"•: spected and measured by an expert em
.:ployed by The Call. Dowling's lame
: statement which was accepted yester
..i day by the board to the effect that he '
bid for the work under a misapprehen
■. sion of the specifications is not borne
out by the palpable facts. He made his
"•-.calculations exactly on tl. • line of the
• V- specifications and even offered $75 for ;
. ■■•■ the old material. Everything points to
...'the conclusion that Dowling's bid on
• '"•the Third-street work was put in to
: ..;-'he"ad off low bidders. Had there been a
.' -bid lower than Dowling's or an inter
■■ "loping bid between the figures of Dowl
• • ing and those of Flinn & Treacy a way
;' would have been found to reject all the
> . bids. -. The Third-street job is clumsy
,-.and. coarse — simply raw all the way
•. -through. In view of The Call's ex
"..posure of the jo\> it is doubtful whether
■.• the contract will be signed. It is said
•;••: that Treacy, who has political aspira
..• ■"■'tipns. is already sick of it.
; .'.-.'The contract for paving Market
•'.-. street from Second to Fifth with bit
'/ :un;inous : rock was yesterday awarded
:; -.to the City Street Improvement Com
■V/Vpany. The contractor agrees to do the
;'■ ..work for $15,000 and the old material, j
.: .••The Call's expert figures the old ma- j
■.* .'iterial to be worth $5000. It is said that '
■..\.-.J: W. McDonald, the Fire Commis- '
•t• t -Bioner, who is at the head of the ,
:;:City Street Improvement Company,
■ '. intends to do a star piece of work on
•'•' : 'Market street. The public eye will be
. : :. . . ADVERTISEMENTS.
..- Itchy Scaly Eczema Seven Years.
. * . Face and Head Full of Large
.";. White Scales and Sores.
So Disgusted I Was Ashamed
To Be Seen in Company.
" .: Instant Relief and
.' . SPEEDY CURE BY CUTICURA.
My case of Eczema was of about seven years'
standing. It was of the scaly, itchy kind. I
_• sometimes thought my face and arms were
• afire. My faco was full of lar^c, white scales,
and my head was full of sores, in fact 1 was
* disgusted, I was ashamed to go in company.
*.. ' I took live bottles of Cuticura Resolvknt,
.'-•'v "washed my face and anus with CimcimA.
Sqap, put on Cuticura (ointment), and found
.. • great relief instantly, and I got a clean face
••* again, thanks to the Cuticura Remedies.
You may do as you see tit with this.
j&jfigjlsap " VALENTINE KC.NKR,
... •' March 7, 1508. 108 Stagg St., Brooklyn, N.Y.
ACNE 2 YEARS cu .r CDTICURA
« I suffered two years' with Acne. I have
tried all kinds of medicines but they did me no
good. I used six bottles of Cuticura BsSBXr
••' ' vent, nine cakes of Cuticura Soap, and lam
". • cured. My skin is as smooth as any baby.
Feb. 22, 1898. LEE L. FISHER,
\ 92314 N. Compton Aye., St. Louis, Mo.
CrrnecitA Remedies are brjroud all doubt the Rreatert
•kin cures, blood purifiers, and humor remedies of mod-
ern times. Warm baths with Ci'TicrEA Bf>Ar. gentle an-
ointings with Ccticcca (ointment), purest of emollient
skin cures, and mild doses of CrrricpnA Kfsolvzkt,
, greatest of blood purifiers am! humor cures. lime cured
thousands of cases rherc itiifcrlnfj was almost tx-yond
■ndunince, hi!r lifeless or all cone, disfigurement terrible.
. Sold throne-hint the world. Purrr.n Dkuo ajn> Cncii.
CORP., bole Props.. Botton. _ "„. '■'*.. ,'
» ■■" " liow to Cure Etvij Sklji Diseuc," milled free.
on the improvement; hence an extra
fine Job of work is proposed.
The specifications call for a concrete
bed nine inches thick. The concrete is
to be formed of cement, sand and rock,
in this proportion: One part cement,
three parts sand and seven parts rock.
The space to be paved is about 100,000
Bquare feet. Considering; the specifica
tions and the fact that the work must
be kept in repair for five years at the
expense of the contractor, the price is
not high.
When the work is done the city will
have a Dolly Varden pavement on Mar
ket street from Second to Fifth. The
railroad company will retain the stone
block pavement between the cor rails
where the blocks are laid over an Iron
arch and bound together by cement.
The space between the tracks may be
paved with bitumen. In front of the
Emporium there is a wooden block
pavement, which his been accepted.
Permission has been granted to allow
a wooden block pavement in front of
the Phelan building.
It is said that Mr. McDonald, on gen
eral principles of reciprocity, has re
solved to give the city a fine sample of
his work in the proposed new pave
ment. He is closely identified with the
care and improvement of the streets.
He has the contract for sweeping the
streets, for which he draws down about
JII.OOO a month. Then he has some
kind of a private arrangement — or, at
least, the City Street Improvement
Company has— for repairing and p~ f ch-
Ing accepted streets. The little formal
ity of a contract or authorization by
some responsible party for doing this
work is "missing, but bills are rendered
and allowed just the same. It is.rough
ly estimated that these little side jobs
and the street sweeping enable the Im
provement Company to draw out of the
treasury something like $lf>o,ooo per
annum. When it comes to influence,
McDonald is " kingpin. The Super
intendent of Streets is not in his class.
PEACE IN CHINATOWN.
The Warring Tongs Compelled to
Cease Fighting.
The highbinder war which was on the
verge of breaking out in Chinatown Is off
find peace reigns among the Mongolians,
for a time at any rate.
The merchants of the See Yup Associa
tion held a meeting at the corner of Wav
erly place and Clay street last evening
for the purpose of averting the threat
ened trouble and succeeded in bringing
the warring factions to an amicable un
derstanding. The warlike feeling was be
tween the Sin Sue Ying and the Suey
Sing tongs, both of which are branches
of the See Yup Company. The Sin Sue
Ylnga are the ones who have the griev
ance, and the wounding of Lum Sier by
one of tluir men Wednesday night didn't
satisfy their grudge, so they have been
declaring they must have more blood.
Representatives from both the warring
factions were called before the meeting
of the association last night, and after
considerable parley, during which the Sin
Sue YingS vowed they would not stop the
tight, the merchants finally declared that
there must be an end of the fighting.
They issued the ultimatum that it after
their warning any shooting took place
they would notify the police of the where
abouts of the guilty parties and every as
sistance would be given the officers to se
cure arrests and conviction. Both tongs,
seeing that the merchants wore deter
mined, agreed to stop the fighting and no
further trouble is apprehended.
A FEAST FOB, ART LOVERS. «
Delorme's Interieur de Ferine Now
on Exhibition at the Emporium.
The "Interieur de Ferme," or farmhouse
interior, one of the famous Delorme col
lection of paintings and a companion to
"The Blacksmith." is attracting crowds
tn the second floor of the Emporium,
where it la on exhibition. The two are
alike and yet different. In "The Black
smith" the principal feature is the fire
light, while in the "Interieur" the slant
ing rays ot sunlight attract the eye first.
The former represents the workingman at
his trade, while the latter shows the home
of the working-woman.
The painting- is the property of F. E.
Galbraith of Toronto. Canada, owner of
the Delorme collection.
Injured by a Bear.
Frederick Louis, alias Goldman Smith,
an animal trainer at the Chutes, was
slightly injured yesterday morning in an
encounter with a grizzly bear. Louis,
who has charge of the performing bears
and wolves In the large exhibition arena,
entered the cage yesterday morning to
prepare the animals for the show, having
previously given the bear who afterward
attacked him a severe beating. In leaving
the inclosure he slipped and fell and
bruin, seeing his opportunity for revenge,
pounced upon him and sunk his claws
into the fleshy part of his leg, inflicting
several slight scratches. In trying to get
away from the claws of the enraged
brute Louis again slipped, this time
falling within reach of the bear's teeth.
The animal used them to advantage in
depriving the unlucky trainer of a small
fraction of the calf of his leg. He finally
succeeded in getting to the door of the
rage and out of the reach of the bear.
He spared no time in getting to a physi
cian near by, where he had the scratches
dressed and cauterized. The only part of
tlie performance that Louis did not seem
to relish was the fact that he was so
thoroughly shaken up, having dangled
from the teeth of the animal for about
four minutes.
Will Give a Chicken Barbecue.
One of the events of the coming picnic
season will be the chicken barbecue to be
given at Agricultural Park, San Jose, on
Sunday, April 17, by Lodge I of the Jour
neymen Butchers' Protective and Benevo
lent Association of the Pacific coast. The
fare for the round trip will Include ad
mission to the grounds and the privilege
of participation in the festivities. The fol
lowing members of the association will
have charge of the affair and will consti
tute the committee of arrangements: R.
C. Kelly, Morris Marks, Charles Rues
inger and Joseph Shepperton.
Roads and Highways.
Marsclen Manson. the well-known civil
engineer, delivered a lecture on roads and
highways before the Academy of Sciences
last night. The subject was profusely Il
lustrated with the aid of a stereoptlcon,
Bhowing views of many roads, both in
Europe and this country. The Ipcture
was ;i "snap-shot" description of the lec
turer's trip through the different coun
tries visited lioth before and after at
tending the seventh International Geolog
ical Congress, held at St. Petersburg,
Russia.
Coast Division Time Changes.
General Passenger Agent Goodman of
the Southern Pacific has given notice that
the Sunset Limited will make the last
trip of this season on April 28, which is
one month later than last year.
The Sunday excursions to Monterey and
Banta <"r\iz over both the broad and nar
row gauge lines will commence on Sun
day, -ipril 10. The broad gauge trails
Win leave the Townsend-street depot for
...ontercy and Pacific Grove at 7:30 a. m.
and the narrow-gauge trains will connect
With the 7:45 boat from the foot of Mar
ket street.
A Captain to Retire.
The term of Captain Edgar C. RutllfTe
i"- commanding officer of Company O,
First Infantry Regiment, N. G. C, will
expire in the early part of June, and he
has announced his intention of not stand
ins for re-election. It is probable that be
will be succeeded by First Lieutenant
Thomas W, Bparrowe, and that Second
Lieutenant William N. Swazey will be
promoted to ho tirst lieutenant.
Negligence Is Charged.
A .lury was impaneled in Judge Hunt 'B
court yesterday to try the suit of John
P. Nelson surainst the Market Street
Railway Company. Nelson claims that
he was driving along the Mission road on
August ."". 1896, when an electric car of
the Mission street line collided with his
team, lie was thrown to the pavement
and received injuries that have .since in
capacitated him. He now asks fur $.-|it.ix>o
damages, claiming that the collision was
due to the carelessness of the motorman.
Ladle*' tailor-made suit*; latest dpsljms; we
»lye credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Sutter, r. 6 & 7.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APItTL 5, 18S8.
TO HUMP THEMSELVES FOR THE FESTIVAL
Camels, Wonderfullg Caparisoned, Will Be Among the Marvels
of the Big Masonic Fete,
THE camels which are to be pro
vided for the children's amusement
at the forthcoming Masonic festi
val in aid of the Widows' and Or
phans' Home have all "been meas
ured for" their wonderful trappings, and
the caparisons of two are already quite
complete. As will be seen from the cut,
they are distinctly emblematic. After
the coverings had been adjusted in a
manner to please the fashionable outfitter
who has this matter in charge one of
them was placed in much the position the
camels take when the tiny passengers
are being seated in the safety cars which
will be firmly secured to the backs of the
animals, and the other stood beside him
while they were being sketched.
The arrangements for the comfort as
well as the safety of the little ones will
be satisfactory in every way. Not only
will the children be able to see all that
there is in the Pavilion without the
slightest fear of being crushed, but the
seats are to be so arranged that all may
see equally well, and ease in getting Into
LIEUTENANT
BENNETT IS
RETIRED
The Veteran Police
Officer Granted a
Pension.
Sergeant M. O. Anderson
Appointed in His
. Place.
Patrolman William Brophy
Received a Merited
Promotion.
PROBING BURKES DEATH-
The Men Who So Basely Deserted
Him Are to Bo Tried for
Cowardice.
The Police Commissioners met yes
terday afternoon as a pension board
and retired Lieutenant Bennett and
Police Officer Wells. Bennett has been
ailing for some time, and at his re
quest his name was placed on the pen
sion list.
Wells has been disabled for at least
a year, duo, It Is claimed, to a combin
ation of diseases. The Commissioners
at first decided to dismiss him from the
force, but as he had served the allotted
time, they finally agreed to retire him
on a pension.
Last night the Commissioners again
met and appointed Sergeant Anderson
of Captain Splllane's division lieuten
ant, to take the place of Bennett, re
tired. Anderson is one of the best
known men in the department, and has
a host of friends. To-day he will as
sume the duties of lieutenant of"' the
Potrero police station.
On motion of Commissioner Gunst
Police Officer William Brophy was
promoted to the position of sergeant.
Brophy has been connected with the
force for a number of years, and is
held in high esteem by his superior
ollicors. After his appointment was
made known he was warmly congratu
lated by his fellow-policemen.
For several reasor.s, the Commission
ers decided to postpone the appoint
ment of a successor to the late Lieu
tenant Burke until the next regular
meeting.
At that time it is expected they will
also appoint, two sergeants to the va
cancies caused by the dismissal of the
disgraced Sergeant Davis and the pro
motion of Sergeant Anders; n. It is
understood that Policemen Merrick and
Phillips will oe appointed. They have
the inside track, and having the con
fidence of the C mmissioners, their
promotion is almost assured.
After making the two appointments,
the Commissioners discussed the cow
ardly methods of the four policemen
who deserted Lieutenant Burke when
he was shot and killed by Haynes, the
murderous tinsmith. A diagram of the
cabin in which the murderer lived was
shown to the Commissioners, as well
as a drawing showing the positions of
the men who so cowardly deserted their
brave leader. Chief Lees explained the
diagram nnd also the positions occupied
by the officers when Burke was shot,
owing to the absence of President
Tobin, who is confined to his bed on
account of sickness, the Commissioners,
after a short discussion, decided to
postpone action until the meeting next
Monday night.
Part of Sutro's Property for Sale.
Judge Belcher made an order yesterday
and out of the cars will also have careful
attention. It Is the intention to provide
either skilled attendants to sit in the cars
or to allow mothers or sisters to take care
of the youngsters on their journeys
around the booths and floral gardens.
At first the larger of the two animals
seemed to resent being made to appear so
brilliant an object. He had watched the
fitting of his brother in his gorgeous
crimson clothing, and for awhile he show
ed distinct signs of objecting. The keeper
soon reassured him, however, and he re
mained perfectly passive while the artist
was sketching him. The animals were
then given a good walk in their new dress
to accustom them to It, and all traces of
uneasiness promptly disappeared.
An electrical thought-reading machine,
a wireless telephone, a number of living
pictures floating through the air without
the aid of wires, and a whispering gal
lery are the latest novelties to have at
tention. But there are new ideas flowing
in on the committee from day to day.
Each one is given careful consideration,
granting permission to Mrs. Dr. Merritt,
guardian of ex-Mayor Sutro, who has
been declared incompetent, the right to
dispose of part of his property at either
private or public sale. The property will
be sold to settle some of the outstanding
claims against Sutro's estate.
CORONER'S INQUESTS.
Owners of the Newport Building on
Mission Street Censured by the
Jury for Neglect.
Coroner Hawkins yesterday held sev
eral Inquests. In the case of Sol
omon J. Hiklebrandt, who on March 15
was caught between the belt and the
pulley of a machine on which he was
working, the jury renders! a verdict that
death was caused "by accident through
his own carelessness."
The verdict tn the ease of Patrick Mc-
Hugh, the Morse patrolman killed by fall
ing down an elevator shaft in the New
port building, 213 Mission street, was that
the deceased "came to his death through
injuries received in a fall by accident
through his own carelessness, and we
hereby censure the owner or owners of
said building for not having proper and
safe guard rails around the elevator shaft
on each floor."
In the case of Benjamin Smith of 207
Flllmore street, killed while asleep by
inhaling the fumes of illuminating gas
from leaky gas fixtures, the verdict was
that deatli was purely accidental.
In the case of William Savage, the six
teen-year-old boy killed by falling from
a scaffolding on which he was working
in a shipyard near the Union Iron Works,
the verdict was that the causo of the
fail of the deceased was unknown.
■ ♦ . ,
Charged With Assault to Murder.
W. A. Shudd, who was arrested on sus
picion of having attempted to murder
Pearl Hathaway Saturday evening, was
charged with assault to murder at the
City Prison last evening. He states that
he will fight the case and has engaged
Attorneys Lennon and Hawkins to defend
FOUND A FATAL TOY.
A Ten-Year-Old Girl Placing With a Pistol Shoots
Herself.
WHILE playing with a revolver at
her father's home, SO Jessie street,
yesterday afternoon, Mary Antip
pa, the ten-year-old daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Basil Antippa. accidentally
shot herself. The bullet entered over the
left eye, lodging In the brain. She was
taken to the Harbor Receiving Hospital,
where she died from the effects of the
wound without regaining consciousness,
and before the arrival of her parents,
who were away from home when the ac
cident occurred.
The father and mother of the little
girl own a candy and fruit stand near
the Cliff House and left her at home yes
terday while they went to their place of
business. A ten-month-old baby was
left In charge of the girl, and this child
was the only person present when the
fatal shot was fired, so just how it hap
pened is not known. The revolver was a
3s-caliber American Bulldog, owned by
the father and kept In a bureau drawer.
It is supposed that in the absence of
her parents the girl, child-like, had been
rummaging through the bureau, came
across the pistol and thinking it a good
plaything began to experiment with it.
A twelve-year-old brother of the girl,
who had been selling papers, returned
home about 3 o'clock and discovered hia
sister lying on the floor of the bedroom.
and all those which are likely to add to
the enjoyment of the crowds that will
throng the Pavilion are adopted, the idea
being to have a most unique fete.
The ladles of California Lodge No 1
have concluded to fit up a plantation
booth at the festival, In which will be
heard darky melodies, banjo-playing, etc.
Tables will be provided and coffee will be
served. Mrs. Sam Mavpr, Mrs. George
Johnson and Mrs. Merrnl are the ladles
at the head of the committee.
The ladles of Oakland are beginning to
hold meetings and promise to put Oak
land In line for the festival. Yesterday
the ladies of Oakland Lodge met at the
Masonic Cathedral In Oakland. Mrs.
George Smith, wife of the master of Oak
land Lodge, was elected chairman. Mrs.
William Glfford was elected secretary.
About 150 ladies present concluded to di
vide the city Into four sections and ap
point a chairman to solicit donations and
contributions to the art booth. Mrs. Pat
terson, Miss Rutherford, Airs. Voorhles,
Mrs. J. B. Daniels, each have a section
of Oakland for tholr work.
him. It Is not probable that Pearl Hath
away will make any complaint.
Cruelty Not Proved.
The case against Jesse Roberts, a team
ster for John Tuttle & Co., charged with
cruelty to animals In sawing his horse's
tongue off, was dismissed by Judge
Joachlmsen yesterday. The Judge held
that no evidence whatever had been ad
duced by the prosecution to support the
charge.
Professor Ardley Returns.
BERKELEY, April 4.— Professor Ardloy
has just returned from the Teachers' In
stitutes of Southern California, where he
delivered thirteen illustrated lectures
upon art and its history. He also con
ducted the "Round Table" upon "Art in
Education," which was attended hy fully
1500 persons, completely filling the large
auditorium of the First Congregational
Church at Los Angeles.
Adams Point Favored for a Park.
OAKLAND, April 4,-The City Council
finally passed the ordinance to-night de
claring certain property on Adams Point
necessary for a public park. Pringlo,
Heitmann, Woodward, W atklnson. Earl
and Henneberry voted to pass the meas
ure. An ordinance ■will be Introduced
later calling- for an election to vote bonds.
Free, 1 month's treatment. New cure. Weak
men cured to stay cured. Dr. Gordln. 514 Pine.
He thought her asleep at first, but going
closer found her face covered with blood
and the pistol on the floor beside her. He
rushed screaming from the house to the
street, where he attracted the attention
of Officer Bush of the Southern station,
who went Into the house and found the
little girl weltering in her own blood and
in a dying condition. The policeman Im
mediately sent for an ambulance and had
the girl taken to the hospital. The doc
tors did everything In their power to save
her, but despite their efforts she died an
hour after reaching the hospital.
A message was sent to the Cliff House
for the father and mother soon after the
child was found to be phot. They has
tened to the hospital, which they reached
a few moments after the little heart had
ceased to beat. They were prostrated
with grief at the sad occurrence and
blame themselves for having left the child
alone and for having kept the weapon
in a place where she could easily get hold
of it.
When the news of the death of the girl
was reported at Central Police Station
detectives were detailed on the case, as
It was thought some one might have
killed the child. A thorough Investiga
tion failed to connect any one with the
shooting and the officers are convinced
that It was purely accidental.
QUIET NIGHT
AT THE PLAY
"Shore Acres" Renews
Its Popularity at the
Columbia.
Anna Held's New Song — Cheap
Farce-Comedy at the
California.
"Bohemian Girl" Ones More nt the
Tlvoli — "Jane" Revived — Orpheum
and Morosco's.
"Shore Acres" came back last night
and with all Its old elaborate simplicity
pleased a fairly large audience at the
Columbia. I dare say this great Amer
ican pie and turkey drama never would
have come up for serious challenge
from persons who take the theater se- ;
riously had it not been for the fierce :
eulogies heaped upon it by Wil
liam Dean Howells and several dialect- !
fanciers, and for its author's custom of
employing his Sundays-off in preaching
sermons from the pulpits of tho
churches along the road. These eulo
gies and sermons — turned to glowing
account by the press agent— were, from
tho managerial standpoint, immensely
fortunate in their result, attracting
thousands to- the play and investing it
with an air of high morality and noble
art not to be found in other secular
performances. Still there were some
few playgoers who looked beyond the
obvio-us goodnesses and kodakesque ex
ternals of Mr. Herne's play and failed
to find anything that was either moral
or artistic beyond what aiready had
been accomplished in the barnyard
masterpiece of Denman Thompson. I
dealt in some of this skepticism myself
when "Shore Acres" was played at the
Baldwin last year, but at the same
time, of course, credited Mr. Heine with
a more wholesale and, strangely
enough, a more convincing use o-f the
external tricks that had made the
success of "The Old Homestead."
The popular spell of both piays lies
wholly in the exaggeration of th».»
commonplace, the skillful staging of
what are commonly taken for typical
phases of rustic American manners
and dialects. In neither play is there
the first symptom of dramatic thought
or invention. But if you go about
taking "Shore Acres" in the right
spirit, you need not depiore the ab
sence of these. The only really de
plorable thing in the whole piece is the
Morosco lighthouse sceue and its arch
episode wherein the Good Brother tells
the Bad Brother that he, too, loved the
present Mrs. Bad Brother years ago
in her single days, but had turned
away as a (Jood Brother should and
sacrificed himself. But for this third
act you might believe Mr. Herne,
author, to be the same simple, trust
ful rustic that beams in Mr. Herne,
actor.
The acting Is so much a part of the
play that it never has called for very
extensive comment. Mr. Herne has
reduced it to a question of mechanism,
which is admirably answered by him
self — a past master in rustic character
acting — and nearly all of his numerous
associates. His daughter, Miss Juli-?
Herne, plays the heroine this time, j
with some improvement on the dismal '
work of her predecessor, although sh<
is not entirely unacquainted with tho
"Hamlet's" Ghost intonation which
the author-manager seems to consider
a tradition of the part.
Taking "Shore Acres" at nothing
greater than its real value, It is a harm
less, finished performance of the most
unique qualities of tableau entertain
ment. At this period of its life you can
almost forgive Mr. Herne his
eulogists and sermons. If on th<
stage Anna Held had only lived
up to her milk baths as sin
cerely as Mr. Herne and his play have
lived up to his sermons, there would be
a different tale to tell In the Baldwin
box office. By the way, if Mr. Herne
should be asked to appear in any of the
local pulpits it will have to be for morn
ing service, as the Columbia engage
ment Includes Sunday nights in his
working week.
• • •
I went over the way to the Baldwin
In time to hear Anna Held and thf>
"animated music sheet" sing "I Want
Dem Presents Back." The music sheet
was hardly as animated as Mile. Held,
who introduced into the refrain last
week's pectoral wriggle and a new one.
a rear elevation of the muscle dance.
"The Cat and the Cherub" has retired
from the bill; whether out of modesty
or mutilation I don't know.
• • •
The California reopened on Sunday
night with "A Jay in New York," a
variety show whose only virtues are I
cheap prices. While to some extent'
prices may 'determine an audience, it
would not be fair to suppose that every
body who attends the California cares
to see a man violently separated from
his trousers, and other petty and
equally uninteresting vulgarities.
ASHTON STEVENS.
Morosco's.
The members of the stock company at '■
the Grand Qpera House have. in "Hands
Across the Sea," a melodrama that calls
out their best efforts. W. L. Gleason, in
his dual role, shows appreciation of the
part, and the audience Is with him from
the start, while Landers Stevens, as Rob
ert Stillwood. a character which calls for
expressions of contempt from the habi
tues of the Grand, won well merited ap
plause and hisses. Harry Mainhall plays
the hero well, but his voice is still a bit
throaty from his recent illness. The scen
ery and the rest of the cast work faith
fully. -
OrpKcum.
Montgomery and Stone, the black-face
buck dancers and rag timers, are still the
end at the Orpheum. in spite of their 'new
teams. Of the new. people. Miriam .Ains
worth, dancer and dialect specialist is
not a success; Bertha, who lirst danced
herself into favor here with Henderson's
shows, takes fairly well; and Mandola
the balancer, is altogether novel and ex
pert. Not the least part of Mandola's
success is due to a wonderfully trained
dog, a canine master of equipoise.
Tiyoli.
"The Bohemian Girl" Is an old story at
the Tivoli. Of last night's performance it
is only necessary to say that it was up to ;
the average and that the - arts of Thad- J
; deus, and Arline returned two old favor- ■
ites. 'Michelena and Carrie • Roma, who
were 5 warmly j welcomed by . the . audience.
The : Easter burlesque commences Satur
day. - '. ' . '.. '
"Alcazar. ,
: In . "Jane" the stock -1 company at the |
Alcazar revives ; one ! of its : most success
ful pieces. The bill for next week will bo
"The Strange Adventures of Miss
Brown." .- -■ - ■.'
GWutes.
Chiquita. the : Haight-street rival of
Anna Held, is still doing business at the
old stand. _____________
A New Organist.
Prank E. Rnhner of Chicago has ac
i cepted an engagement as organist for the
I Sherith Israel synagogue on Tavlor
[ street.
ARMY AND NAVY
GETTING READY
The Torpedo-Boat on the
Ways at the Union
Iron Works.
Examples of Rapid Work in
the Construction of
Ships.
General Shafter Lenv«t for Bmn
Diego to Inspect Coast
Fortifications.
The torpedo-boat for the United State*
navy, now in course of construction m.t
the Union Iron Works, will be launched
early in June and be ready for active
service early in August. This 240-ton
boat will have a speed of thirty knots
an hour and will be fitted with six tor
pedo tubes, one 4-inch gun and two rapid
tire machine guns.
ahe steamship St. Paul, built for the
Alaska Commercial Corffpany. will be
launched at the Union Iron Works at
11:19 a. m. to-morrow. The ship will be
christened by Miss Louise Bertha Sloss.
As examples of rapid work in ship
building the facts are cited that the Jap
anese cruiser Chltose was launched Janu
ary 22, 1888, and within sixty working days
thereafter the steamship St. Paul is to
be launched at the Mine slip. The Mauai
was launched November 27, 1597, and at
the same Blip the Senator was launched
March 19, ISM. The Senator will go to
sea April 27 and the St. Paul on May 10.
The keel of the Japanese cruiser was laid
on May 3. 1897, and the ship was launched
January 22. ISOS. It is said that this speed
in construction Is not surpassed in th»
English shipyards. The battle-ship is
consin will be launched early next year
and finished within the time specified by
the contract.
General w. R. Shafter, U. S. A., com
manding the Department of California,
left the city yesterday on a tour of in
spection, lie was accompanied by Lieu
tenant R. 11. Noble, First Infantry, and
Lieutenant John I>. Mil.y. • Fifth Artil
lery, engineer officer. The general and
bis staff officers will view the fortifica
tions at Ballast Point, San Diego, and
extend their observations to other points
on the coast line of this State between
San Diego and San Francisco. The en
trance or channel leading to the Hay of
San Diego Is so narrow that three
ten-inch rifted breech-loading guns now
in position to defend, that harbor ought
to be able to destroy any hostile ship at
tempting to run by the battery.
Colonel James M. Moore, chief quarter
master of the Department of California,
visited the Presidio and Inspected quite
a number of horses recently purchased
by contract. Colonel Moore Is acknowl
edged in the army to be one of the best
Judges of horses to be found in the United
States. He remarked yesterday that some
fine horses were secured for the Fourth
Cavalry.
The Government recently gave the
American Biscuit Company an order for
22,000 forty-pound tins of pilot bread or
680.000 pounds. After the fire. this order
was placed with, the Kclipse and Eaglo
bakeries. When the fire occurred . the
American Biscuit Company was running
over time, which computed by hours gave
ten days' work a week. The Eagle and
Eclipse bakeries accepted the orders on
the "rush" conditions.
ASK CUBAN RECOGNITION.
The Democratic Campaign Committed
Meet and Pass a Resolution. -
A meeting of the campaign committee
of the Democratic party of San Fran
cisco was held in the parlors of the Bald
win Hotel last evening. P. J. Hartley
presided and J. F. McGovern acted as
secretary. A general political discussion
took place, after which it mom decided to
hold a meeting of the General Democratlo
Committee on Monday evening. April 11,
for the purpose of organizing district
clubs, whose duty it shall be to reorgan
ize the entire party in the city.
Tin- following resolution, introduced by
Secretary McGovern, was read and unani
mously passed:'
Whereas, The appointment of Hon. W. J.
Biggy as Registrar of Voters of this city and
county is one that commends Itself to all
classes of our citizens as a deserving recogni
tion. merit and faithfulness in public Ufa;
therefore be It
Resolved, That the thanks of this committee
be extended to Governor James H. Budd for
making so creditable a selection.
Dr. D. F. RagaA also presented a reso
lution, which was likewise adopted. It
read as follows:
Whereas, The spirit of liberty has ever been
the guiding principle of the Democratic party]
therefore be It
Resolved, That the Campaign Committee of
the Democratic party of the city and county of
Ran Francisco memorialize the President and
Congress to recognize the belligerent rights of
the Cubans.
After the reading and acceptance of
these two resolutions the committee ad
journed to meet again at the Baldwin
at 8 p. m. on Saturday next.
Runaway at North Beach.
A four-horse team belonging to J.
Kruse, a lumber dealer, ran away at Fil
bert and Jones streets yesterday after
noon and one of the horses was so badly
injured that it will probably die. The
driver locked the rear wheel of the wagon
to serve as a brake going down the steep
grade, but when half way down the rope
broke and the weight of the wagon
started the horses down the hill at a
breakneck speed. At Lombard street one
of the horses fell and was seriously in
jured by the flying lumber. He was
taken away In the ambulance to the
veterinary hospital.
TWO MASKED ROBBERS
INVADE A SALOON.
Compel a Weaverville Bartender to
Surrender a Sackful of
Coin.
REDDING, April 4.— One of the most
daring robberies in the history of Trin
ity County took place in Weaverville at
about 11 o'clock Saturday night. There
were a dozen men in the Klite saloon,
when two masked robbers entered
through the rear door, and with drawn
revolvers compelled all the inmates to
stand with their faces against the wall.
The robbers took from the barkeeper,
Fred Mi'.lcr, a sack containing $3. r .O in
coin. Tiny then departed as suddenly
as they had appeared.
Both robbers wore masks of gray col
ored cloth. One of them is described as
being about five feet ten inches in height,
and the other was about an inch shorter.
There is no clow to their identity, but
the authorities are working upon the idea
thut the work was done by non-residents.
Jordan Defeats Curry.
LONDON. April 4.— At the National
Sporting Club in this city to-nicrht. in a
twenty-round contest for £:;00and tneban
tam championship of the wbrld. Bon Jor
dan of England beat Eddie Curry of Now
York, winning in the seventeenth round.
Curry proved game, but was much pun
ished.
The Modern Gen.ern.tion of Lien.
Physically men are better to-day than ever
before.' Our college youth are, as a general
thing, magnificent specimens. The constitu
tionally weak ; and nervous, though they may
never become athletes, ran greatly increase
their strength r and restore tranquillity to the
nervous' system by the ef.lcient aid of Hostet
ter's Stomach Bitters, which also removes ma
larial, kidney, dyspeptic and. bilious trouble."
-""■• : ~? .""-.■"..> -"^ • : -. - ■- ***^^*^^ >A HATTER'S
MYSTERIOUS
SUICIDE
Morris Colman Shoots
Himself Through
the Heart.
:-Good-By to His Son
rt^j Shortly Before His
: Death.
No \ ; ; Reason Given by His
vU- Family i for His Self
• :■' . . Destruction.
FOUND DEAD IN HIS ROOM
H» W«« for V««r« Well Known In
San Francisco Business
Circles.
Morris Colman, the well-known hat
*rter,. committed suicide yesterday morn
ing. •'•*: „.
: The scene of the sad tragedy was the
MORRIS COLMAN, WHOSE SUDDEN SUICIDE IS WRAPPED
IN MYSTERY.
iii-<-r : r.« Injn1 njn fit the dead man at the Alex
£:-jl£isrla\ Hotel. 781 Slitter street, where
; r iig;:^lifi Ms son; Jerome Colman, who
•:;3s.;ra';-Bt : udent at Berkeley, have occu
l-pi^ilttpartments for some time past.
'.• ;-.'T,be; dead man's brother and relatives
i : ;«\:e,r.e; &t;a;- loss to assign any cause for
i; hr.s.lliavlng taken his own life. It is
'.'■ kriotY.rv that he was, subject to 'attacks
of 'h^Art -disease and it is believed he
■ was Suddenly seized with one of these
arid under the impulse of the moment
sought.' death at his own hands.
Gqlrhan; who, with his brother,
Charles : Colman, keeps a store at 130
Kearny street, was at work* yesterday
and appeared in the best of spirits, and
" health, and when he retired on Sun
day night there was no sign of the im
pending' tragedy.
He ami his son, Jerome occupy the
same! -r.opin upon the fifth floor, and
. v hep. young Colman arose yesterday
mstfafag to leave for Berkeley his fath
er gave him his diamond ring and a
;;Vw«jity-dpllar gold piece, but there was
r.!.il.i.rji>; in his manner to indicate that
:':;'■ he". intended to commit suicide. It was
:\: \. aH-.r, 8 o'clock when one of the cham
..toerrnaldjs heard the report of a revol
.:V?r^n(i ran to the office and informed
■ ; ;.A|tf.e;tl-.il, Ross, the clerk. Ross went
'^iaf.Qojman's room and unlocked the
»I : '4oV3Tg.;;VHe found the man lying upon
; ■ l : i!^ .brick on the floor, holding In his
(;.' : ..rW>t . hand the pistol with which he
vi committed the act of self-destruc
;•: tlo'n. : ;-" Colman was dressed only in his
/umlergarments, and was dead when
■:'- found/ The wound was a small one.
. : ': Tin: bullet had taken a straight course
. ;'.andfliad passed directly through the
•/■ heart: • i• o -'••■■••<- s:'
. ,"\ ■'I .:)>■ body was at once removed to the
.:•. .Morgue and the dead man's brother
.'£ v.-;is summoned. His son was also sent
• : . for from Berkeley. Those connected
'— \\Jih ; the Alexandria were very reticent
- i irding the tragedy. Mrs. Buislay,
..-.•the landlady, said Colman had been
Vjtotit-qn Sunday night to visit some
;7«frfe'ti^3i hut she did not know when he
•••reiiVed.
■'~;'7;% deceased was well known in bus
.;, th^ss'oU-cles here. He and his brother,
'V ■:&h.«rles, have conducted , the hat store
'} Kearhy street for some years, al
tl)...V;r!i ii is said that Morris Colman
■'. ..pwrukj but a sjnall interest in the busi
?? 'jtijfS^s.' ".,' The dead man was known for
} ,'fe.|?i; <i;,irit v and was a prominent figure
..; In Jewish circles. He was born in Po
'; taml,": Russia, sixty-two years agp, and
• ..■,cati ( i|s..t.o .this State when a young man
Vv'.to 'y,L ,>.■ in trading in mining camps.
'.' v ..Jle'-iinrl his brother in 1860 established
> the '^Wholesale and retail clothing-house
.".Vi-o-f.-^man Brothers & Co., which was
'i^-t. Viiij? .time one of the best-known
V^nst-p. of Its kind in the city. It was
'...'MtUfttsed upon Sacramento street, ' and
.v:.;Up.qn-th'e completion of the Baldwin
;' : llotel the firm moved to : one of -'- the
stores of the hotel. After a most suc
cessful career in the clothing b'lHness
the firm sold out and about fifteen years
ago went Into the hat trade upon
Kearny street.
Morris Colman was a married man,
but was divorced from his wife ten
years ago. She lives in the East. There
were two children by the marriage, his
son, Jerome, and a daughter, 17 years
old. who is visiting In the East now.
It is known that Colman was not in
need, although it is said that much of
the wealth which he had amassed had
slipped from his prasp. He left no let
ters nor written documents to account
for his act. Deputy Coroner Hallet
found his Jewelry and money in the
places where they were usually kept.
Charles Colman and his family were
greatly shocked by the news of the
sudden end of one who was near and
dear to them. They would not discuss
the suicide beyond stating that there
was, so far as they knew, no reason
why the unfortunate man should have
taken his life. When Jerome Colman
left his father yesterday morningr he
was in pood spirits, but It was only
shortly after the departure of the son
that the father took his life.
»he mystery that surrounds Colman s
death appears to hay.- no satisfactory
solution, although it can possibly be ac
counted for by his relatives, who refused
to tell the cause if they know. It may
have been the result of brooding over his
domestic unhappines!». for his divorce
from his wife was secured by Colman
upon the ground of desertion, she hay-
Intr rtin away with another man. Colman
was reputed by those who knew him best
to be a sober person and strictly temper
ate in all ways, and it Is not known that
he had nny "secret alliances thnt could
have caused him to commit suicide.
He was a Mason, and it was said pome
years ago attended the Jewish Temple
on Butter street. The remains have been
taken In charge by Charles Colman, but
the funeral arrangements have not yet
been made.
A Musical Library.
A department nf music has just been
added to the library of the Mechanics'
Institute. While at present largely- ex
perimental, it Is intended that it shall
eventually contain copies of the standard
sheet and folio music, instrumental and
vocal, and operatic scores, together with
books of Instruction and exercises for
the piano, violin, mandolin, guitar and
other instruments. The music will be
circulated on the same conditions as
books, and it is felt that the advantages
of such a department will be recognized
at once. Among the titles already in
cluded in the collection- are the scores of
"Lohengrin," "Tannhauser," "Carmen,"
"Faust." "Mlgnon," "Fidello" and sev
eral light operas, the songs of Lassen,
K.ierulf, Saint-Saens, Deiibes, Jensen.
Rubinstein, Schubert and Schumann, the
symphonies of Rubinstein, Mendelssohn,
Schumann and Brahms, and a large col
lection of classical and popular music.
. ♦ ■
THE WORKMEN.
Some Facts and Figures of Interest
to Members of the Order.
Th« grand lodgre of the Ancient Order of
United Workmen, jurisdiction of Califor
nia, will meet In B. B. Hall this morning
and remain In session several days.
The rfjiort of Grand Master Vlnter will
show that the order in this State has
reached a membership of nearly 20,000,
and that durinK the past year thirty-nine
new lodges were instituted.
The report of Grand Recorder Hlrsh
berg will show:
Number of members January 1, 1597, was
1fi.242. There were 4S:.s initiations, 314 admls-
M'.ns by card, 123 reinatatementa, 3L'T deaths,
v l':> suspensions, 291 transfer! and withdrawals
by canl and 1 expelled, leaving total member-
Bblp, January 1, 18S8, 20.141, a n.-t pain of 3899.
The maximum number of classified assess
ments were levied, after which the Jurisdiction
wart an ai>plk-.im Tor relief. The amount of
relief for U96 was $153,459 50 and for ISO 7 $36,
623 si, a r.-<]uotion of nearly $120,000 owin« to
the new system and Rruatly Improved condl
ti. ii.-. possible thereunder.
Thf-n" bad been reclved on account of the
beneficiary fund for the fiscal year ending De
cember 31, 1897. ttv> sum of j;,f,i SM 07- this was
sufficient to pay 280 death claims of $»jo'o and
one claim of $1000; after paying 2S<) death claims
of $2uoo an.i one of $1000 there remained a bal
ance of $.573 1<; during surh fiscal -oar there
had been 21)9 death claims of $2000 and one
death claim of $!»Q0 | n the jurisdiction entail
ing a liability Of $69»,000; the cash assets of
the Jurisdiction, as ?et forth in Fortions 4 and
5. amounted to $:.<".!. l 7^ 17; there were still fur
ther assets from pending calls now in precess
of collection, estimated to realize $.r.00;. r .00; after
deducting from the total liability all available
a>s.-ts there was found to bo a deficiency of
$36,626 S>3, for which amount relief was granted
In conclusion the grand recorder says:
To the members of the great fraternity whom
I have served. I wish to hay that while mv
official connection with the order is about to be
severed, my Interest in the great work will
never cease, ami whenever or wherever I can
do or say anything in the cause and for the
good of the order my services for the future
are to command as they have been In the past.
Superior Court Changes.
Judge Rhodes Borden, who was ap
pointed by Governor Budd to fill the. va
cancy caused by thfl resignation of Judpe
Charles W. Black, will take his seat to
day in the criminal department formerly
presided over by JudK<> Dunne. Jud^e
Troutt will micceed Ju<lko Black in the
I'rnbato depart m« nt. ami Jiji^u Borden
will take Judge Trout fs court. Frank
Drew, for many joars tplojred sus a
Btei "prapher in the law • ■■ :) of lUddy,
Campbell & Metson, will i.. appointed
official reporter by Judge Burden.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 5, 1898.
FOSTERING
THE GARBAGE
MONOPOLY
Supervisors Pass Res
dlution Abolishing
Scavengers.
Only Wagons Owned by
the Crematory Com
pany to Be Used.
Delany's Resolution for the
Relief of Cigar Dealers and
Saloon Men.
ATTRIBUTES IT TO DEVANY
A Joker That Would Exempt Their
Slot Machines From the Usual
License.
The Supervisors have finally passed the
resolution giving the Sanitary Reduction
Works the exclusive privilege of hauling
parbape to the crematory, and providing
that the city shall pay for the hauling.
The matter came up before the board a
week ago In the form of a resolution,
which was passed to print, setting forth
that some of the scavengers in this city
continued to dump garbage on the Mis
sion flats instead of hauling it to the cre
matory, as required by law, and In defi
ance of all sanitary regulations. The
resolution also affirmed that the present
method of hauling garbage was a menace
to health as the wagons used allowed
their contents to be scattered along the
Btreets. As a safeguard to the city's
health, it proposed a certain patented
wagon should be used, and that a suffi
cient tax levy should be made to provide
for the payment of hauling garbage by
the city.
The resolution, with its artful allusions
to the Board of Health, sanitary condi
tions and public welfare, was most allur
ing in its phraseology, and carefully con
cealed the fine hand of the reduction
works. But Investigation shows that
the company has exclusive control 01' the
wagons it is proposed to use, and that
COO scavengers will be forced out of busi
ness, while the monopoly will be paid by
the city for hauling garbage, in addition
to the 20 cents a cubic yard it now re
ceives for cremating it, whereas the peo
ple at present pay these 600 scavengers
a nominal sum monthly for hauling
refuse away.
Notwithstanding these facts were ex
plained to the board, a majority of the
members at yesterday's meeting voted for
the final passage of the resolution, and
it is now in the Mayor's hands for his
veto or approval.
Just before the adjournment of the Su
pervisors, Delany offered an innocent ap
pearing little amendment to the ordinance
licensing nickel-in-the-slot machines,
which, if passed, will exempt those in
genious devices used by cigar dealers and
saloonkeepers fmm the license of $3 a
quarter they now pay.
The resolution is amendatory to subdi
vision 4S, section 10 of Order No. 1559, and
is similar to the original order except that
it only includes: "Weighing, phonograph
ic, candy, chocolate, postage btamp. for
tune teliing. punching, lifting, electric
machines, etc," and provides that the
proprietor of each of the above named
machines: "Or any other machine or ap
paratus of any kind, character or descrip
tion, by which on a deposit of 3-cent piece
or any other piece of money or article
representing money, within said machine,
a person is weighed thereon, or services
are rendered, or music played therein, or
candy or any other of the articles
named above are received," shall pay a
license of $3 a quarter. No mention what
ever is made of the devices used In
saloons and cigar stands, which operate
on a different plan from any of the oth
ers, consequently no license would be ex
acted on them.
After the adjournment Supervisor De
lanv was asked for an explanation, and
said he had introduced it at the request
of Supervisor Devany, who. he said,
wanted to abolish the machines in use in
saloons and cigar stands, but having a
friend in the cigar business did not care
to Introduce it himself. Delany admit
ted that he had not examined the resolu
tion carefully, but expressed the belief
that it would effect the reform intended,
as the machines in question could then be
suppressed as gambling devices and with
out the pale of the law. The Supervisor
had apparently forgotten all about Judge !
Cook's recent decision, in which he dls- ,
tlnctlv expressed the opinion that they
were not gambling devices, and when his
attention was called to it he was consid
erably embarrassed, but finailv said the
resolution had not been passed yet.
The resolution empowering the Sheriff
to designate a sufficient force to properly
care for insane patients was indefinitely
postponed, as one of the members of the
board has somebody he wants appointed
to the place.
Smith protested against the passage V>
print of the resolution paving Market
street from Second to Fifth, with bitu
minous rock, but his protest was lneffec-
Britt's motion to reconsider the vote re
fusing to pay Contractor J. A. Hanley
J92.S 50 from the Street Department fund
for certain street work was carried and
the contractor's claim aliowed.
The request of the National Athletic
Club for a permit to hold prize fights on
April 20 and May 20 was granted. Brltt
votpd against it and was promptly called
down by Sheehan, so he changed his vote
to "aye."
The' San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company will have to surrender a portion
of its monthly demand. The Street Lights
Committee was authorized to arrange
with the company for the payments of its
monthly demands for the remainder of
the fiscal year on a basis of J23.ISS 23 per
rronth in order to keep within the unex
pended amount of the appropriation.
Mrs Wilhelmina Schuzzler's claim of
$400 oh a judgment in her favor against
the city for damages to her property,
caused by a defective sewer, was referred
to the City and County Attorney.
Bids were rejected for contemplated
street work at the corner of I street and
The Market Street Railroad Company
was requested to Inform the board
whether it would pave with bitumen that
portion of Market street it Is required by
law to care for in case the board award
ed a contract for paving the other portion
° Dodge called the attention of the Street
Committee to the resolution referred to it
last week, calling for certain information
from one of the electric companies that
desires to bid on the contract for lighting
public buildings and streets. The com
mittee was instructed to report yester
day but Rivers asked for another week's
time and It was granted him.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary of the Week's Work of the
Board.
The following is a complete record of
the street improvements which passed
vhe Board of Supervisors at yesterday's
SeSSIOn AwARDS OF CONTRACTS.
Clay, Walnut to Laurel— Paving, to J. J.
Fourteenth, Guerrero to Dolores — Grading:,
curbs, paving, etc., to City Street Improve
ment Company.
I^amina, Sacramento to Washington—Grad
ing, sidewalks and coping east of easterly
curb line to Gray Brothers; same on Sacra
mento. Octavia tn I.«aKuna. north of northerly
curb line. City and county to pay entire cost.
Lombard, from point 137H feet east of Baker
to point 137% feet easterly — Curbs and plde
walka on northerly line and paving to center
lino, to City Street Improvement Company.
City and county to pay entire cost.
Scott, Fulton to Hayes, east of •asterly curb
line— Grading, curbs, etc.; also Hayes, Scott
to Pierce, north of northerly curb line, grading
and curbs to same. City and county to pay
entire coat.
RESOLUTION ORDERING STREET WORK.
Eighteenth, Mission to Capp— Artiflctal-stone
sidewalks on southerly line.
Erie, from i>otnt 227 11-12 feet east of Mis
sion to point 27 feet easterly— Same.
Fifteenth, Dolores to Church— Plank side
walks.
Haigrht, Shrader tn Stanyan— Curbs, paving
and artificial-stone sidewalks.
Lower terrace, .Serpentine place to Pluto
street— Pipe sewers, etc.
Tenth avenue, X td L street— Curbs and
macadamlzlnp.
Palmer, Randall to Fairmount— Pipe sewer;
same at Intersection of cross streets.
RECOMMENDED PASSED TO RESOLUTION
ORDERING.
Harrison. Main to Spear— Granite curbs and
paving of northerly half.
RECOMMENDED TU r SUPERINTENDENT OF
STREETS.
Filbert and Hyde— Paving.
Harwood alley. Filbert street to southerly
termination of Harwood alley— Curbs, Blde
walks and paving:.
Noe and Seventeenth— Paving.
A MYSTERY OF THE SEA.
The Wreck of the Helen W. Almy Suddenly Disappears
From the Path of Navigation.
One more maritime mystery lies hidden
in the oeean"s cavernous depths. One
more ship has her bones strewn along the
beach and one more story of human
agony in engulfing wave will remain un
told until the sea gives up its dead.
Since that awful night, three weeks
ago, when thirty-nine souls wore hurried
into the presence of their Maker by the
foundering of the bark Helen W. Almy,
no word, no sign, no flotsam or Jetsom
has come to mortal ken that would give
any clew either to the manner of the
catastrophe or to the fate of those who
left with such high hopes of wealth to be
wrested from the ice-bound sands of
Alaska. Nothing remained to tell the
awful tale but the ghasttly hulk which
floated down with tides and currents until
held fast by its dragging chains in the
path of other vessels, as if not satisfied
with its terrible tragedy, it desired to add
further horror by lying in wait for some
other ship and dragging it down to the
depths in awful companionship.
For almost two weeks the mournful
sound of a tolling bell about six miles oft
from the Golden Gate has warned pass
ing vessels that danger lurked in their
path. It was the death knell rung by the
buoy placed to mark the spot where the
rotten hulk swung to and fro with wind
and wave until such time as the wheel
Twenty-first, Eureka to Diamond— Plpa
sewer, etc.
Mission, Twenty-second to Twenty-third—
Artificial stone sidewalks.
Hyde Union to Filbert— Curbs and paving.
RESOLUTION OF FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Broadway and Devisadero — Bitumen.
Broderick, Washington to Jackson— Basalt
and bitumen.
Gilbert, Brannan to southeast termination of
Gilbert— Bitumen.
Laguna and Lombard— Same.
Florida, Twenty-second to Twenty-thlnl—Bi
tumen.
Bryant, Eighteenth to Nineteenth— Same.
Steiner, Page to Oak— Basalt.
Noe. Thirteenth to Fourteenth— Bitumen,
Filbert, Fillmore to Steiner— Sams.
McAllister, Baker to Lyon— Same.
McAllister and Baker— Same.
Devisadero and Broadway— Same.
California and Walnut— Basalt.
California and Spruce— Same.
RECOMMENDED FOR FULL ACCEPT
ANCE.
Waller, Steiner to Pierce— Bitumen.
Waller and Pierce— Same.
Laguna and Washington— Same.
Twenty-second, Hampshire to Potrero avenue
—Same.
Twenty-fourth, Potrero avenue to Utah street
—Same.
Clayton. Oak to Papre— Same.
Octavia, Eddy tn Ellis— Basalt and bitumen.
Laguna. O'Farrell to Ellis— Bitumen.
OBJECTION TO STREET WORK SUS
TAINED.
Lombard. Hyde to Larkin— Curbs and side
walks on northerly side.
PROPOSALS ORDERED READVERTISED.
Mission street and Crescent avenue— Paving,
etc.
BID ORDERED REJECTED.
I street and Ninth avenue—Remacadamlz
ing.
BID RECOMMENDED REJECTED.
Mason, O'Farrell to Geary— Artinclal-stone
sidewalks.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME GRANTED.
Ellery, Bryant to Federal— To Pacific Paving
Company, 60 days on paving, etc.
The facsimile /># //f.^.^ ■*• on every wrapper
signature of (jU&Sfffi&fo of CASTOEIA.
Halght. Ashbury to Clayton— Same.
Halght, Clayton to Cole— Same.
Haiyht, Cole to Shrader — Same.
Elsie street. Cortland avenue to Holly Park —
To .Smith & Qulnby, 30 days on grading, mac
adamizing, etc.
Liberty and Sanchez— To California Paving
Company, US days on grading, etc.
Sanchez, Twentieth to Liberty— Same.
Precita avenue, Alabama to Army Btreet—
To Fred Leffler, 90 days on grading, etc.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME RECOMMENDED.
Halght and Shrader— To City Street Im
provement Company. 90 days on paving, etc.
Haight and Cole — Same.
Haierht and Clayton— Same.
Haight and Ashbury— Same.
Gough, Turk to Eddy— To J. H. Bingham,
30 days on paving.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Rivoli avenue, Stanyan street to Pope and
Tarbot line— Property-owners for grading and
sewering.
Walnut and Clay— Same to pave by private
contract.
Page, Webster to Ftllmore — Same.
Market street— Merchants' Association, urg
ing repaying so far as funds will permit.
Q street south. Fifteenth to Sixteenth aye-
of Government should sufficiently revolve
to give the necessary authority to de
stroy the menace to navigation. Sunday
morning: was the day set for this duty,
but either the wind or the tide or the
waves prevented the consummation of
the long contemplated and long deferred
action.
Yesterday morning, however, every
thing was ready, the elements were fav
orable, and the lighthouse tender Mad
rone, with Lieutenant Beattie of the Mon
terey and a squad of blue jackets, went
out to blow to atoms the waterlogged
hulk. But that Providence "which sits
up aloft and watches for Jack" had tired
of waiting, and when the tolling bell had
guided the tender through the fog to the
spot where the wreck had swung so many
days, there was consternation and dis
appointment among those on board the
Madrono, for not a sign of wreck was to
be seen, and It was only through an item
in The Call that any clew was had to
the disappearance. That item told of a
captain who had seen what he supposed
to be the wreck of the Almy drifting
along about two miles off Point Pedro.
Satisfied that the wreck had left its
moorings, search was made through the
fog along- the coast down toward where
it was supposed some trace might be
found. Nor was the Quest In vain, for
nue south— John and Mary McDonough for
revocation of permit granted M. C. Hogan to
pave.
York, Twenty-second to Twenty-third—
Property-owners to pave by private contract.
Alabama, Twenty-second to Twenty-third—
Same.
Fifteenth avenue south, P to Q street south —
John Puckhaber, for remacadamlzing.
Wlllard street north and Golden Gate avenue
— Buckman Contracting Company for release
from contract to construct stormwater inlets.
Filbert, Leavenworth to Hyde — Citizens for
construction of sidewalks.
Clay and Drumm — H. Audlffred for permis
sion to repair wooden sidewalk.
Lower terrace, Pluto street to Serpentine
place— Daniel O'Day to use red rock In macad
amizing.
Serpentine place, Lower terrace to Temple
street— Same.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET
LIGHTS COMMITTEE.
Business streets — Taxpayers for electric
lights on same instead of gas lamps, the lights
to be burned every night In the year.
Business streets— Merchants' Association for
an improved system of street lighting' on
same.
PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Grove, Gough to Octavia— Michael McCaffery
against construction of sidewalks.
Potrero avenue. Twenty-fourth to Twenty
fifth—Property-owners against paving.
Potrero avenue. Sixteenth to Seventeenth
street— Same.
REPORT OF STREET COMMITTEE ON
MATTERS SUBMITTED AT PREVI
OUS SESSION.
Belvedere, Waller to Frederick— Grades
recommended changed and established.
Third. Mission to Howard— Contract let to
Fllnn & Treacy to repair street eulogized In
high terms.
I,nur.-1 and Stanley places— ln favor of con
ditional acceptance.
Reservoir street— Proceedings suspended until
City and County Attorney makes report.
Gift Maps 1. 2 and 3— Order reducing width
of sidewalks favored for passage.
Mission and Brook streets, etc.— Bids of
March 2S. IS?S, recommended opened.
Hickory avenue. Gough to Octavla— ln favoi
of paving and sewering.
Stockton and Francisco— Sidewalk may be re
paired.
Washington, Locust to Spruce— Paving post
poned thirty days.
Bryant, southwest from First; Ellery, Bryant
to Federal— City Engineer's recommendation
to change and establish grades favored, pro
vided property-owners petition for same.
Lombard, Leaven worth to Chestnut— G. T.
Knopf may retain curbs.
Peventh. Berry to Channel— ln favor of pav
lnp.
Spruce. Clay to Washington— Paving post
poned six months.
Berkshire street— ln favor of City Engineer's
recommendation to establish certain (Trades.
Clement. Twenty-fourth to Twenty-fifth—
Property-owners may sewer.
Filbert. Larktn to Polk— Same for paving.
Delg-ado place, off Hyde — Apalnst sewerlnsr.
Ninth avenue, J to center line of X street—
Property-owners may grade, curb. etc.
Other petitions and protests relating strictly
to street Improvements reported on adversely
or filed. For the benefit of certain Interrogators
It may be mentioned here that only such
matter is inserted in the "Street Improvement"
Column as relates to what the title Indicates —
Improvement.
Wills Filed for Probate.
William Broad, who died on the 28th
ult. left a $3000 estate to his cousin,
Sarah England.
Henry Dlerks has petitioned the Pro
bate Court for letters of administration
on a $2000 estate left by his brother,
Charles Dierks, who died on the 31st ult.
M. J. Mulhern, who died on the 29th ult.,
left an estate valued at $3000 to be dis
tributed as follows: To his nieces Josie,
Annie and Wattle Smith, $200. $100 and
$50, respectively; to Mattie A. Owens, an-
as the Madrono steamed slowly along
there were seen abundant signs of the
destruction of some vessel, for the sea
was strewn with floating timbers, from
all parts of a ship, but no signs of the
hull was to be found. Ordering out two
small boats. Lieutenant Beattie began a
systematic search of the rocky and surf
beaten coast, and for ten miles every
cove, inlet and reef was carefu"y Inspect
ed, with the result that in one little
cove, guarded by jagged tocks and shel
tered by high, frowning cliffs, were found
tangled spars, cordage, timbers and other
debris showing that here the ill-fated
bark had struck and pounded to pieces,
still holding her secret from the prying
eyes of man.
That the wreck no longer menaces navi
gation there Is no doubt, for the wreck
age along the coast and the floating
debris showed only too plainly that the
waves had completed their work and left
nothing for man to do except to report
that his intervention was unnecessary.
Lieutenant Beattie had taken six heavy
charges of gun cotton and all the neces
sary appliances for working with the
wreck, but there was nothing for him to
do but return to the bell uuoy and have
it removed. This was done, and the
Madrono returned to the city with her
passengers, relieved that the obstruction
was removed, but sorry that they had
not witnessed its destruction.
other niece, his watch and chain; to his
half-brothers. James and Patrick Smith.
$f)0 each, and the residue to his Bister,
Mrs. Bridget Owens.
In the Divorce Court.
Judge Bahrs yesterday granted Susie
A. Harloy a divorce from WiTliam X.
Harley on the ground of willful neglect.
Joseph E. Bergess has sued Carrie E.
Bergess for divorce on the ground of de
sertion; Osceola Subra from Joseph G.
Subra, cruelty.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ELECTRO-MEDICAL
i NERVOUS DISEASES J
!*■■ Insomnia, Hysteria, Chronic Headache!, NervouH Twichings. Cold Foet "" ,
H Palpitation of the Heart, Dizziness, Evil Forebodings, Melancholy, WEAK AND *m,
SINKING SPELLS, NEKVOUS DEBILITY and all its attendant allmems. The 35m,
awful effects of neglected or improperly treated cases, producing Weakness of -_,
, Body and Brain, Dizziness, Failing Memory, Lack of Energy and Confidence, M ,
(^% Chest pain* and other distressing symptoms. Our Electro-Modical treatment b
■ the oml<- successful cure for nervous ailments. IB^ i
*■■ TO THE YOUTH, who is suffering the results of indiscretion-, to the MID- I,
, DLE-AOKD ana OLD MBN who are paying the penalties for excesses am; too mm ,
#f| fast a life, this treaiment lsa certain cure. It imparts new life to the whole
[W boay; it invigorates the weak and dormant organs, a!l their natural strength J,
L returns, the mind becomes bright and active, the musc.es become firm and ~~|,
I strong, in fact the whole being is filled with new life and vitality, bringing to
[111 man the manly power and mental brightness whicn is necessary lor him to£",
■■ possess in order to cope with the realities of life. We can truthfully say to all
.mm suffering from such troubles that our treatment Is THE CURE; It is absomte; ■
;j£ it is certain; It is positive; it is lasting; it never faili; it maies MAN the MAN m^
, in every sense oi the word.
>J« Write if you cannot call. Pi
I CONSULTATION FREE at Office or by Letter.
! STATE-ELECTRO MEDICAL INSTITUTE
| ENTRANCE. 3 EDDY STREET. SAN PRANCISCO.
PRINTERS STILL
OUT ON STRIKE
Employers and Men Both
Appear Determined
to Resist.
The Largo Job Offices More
Inconvenienced Than
the Small.
A Speedy Settlement of Difficulties
Hoped For by All
Parties.
The strike of the book and Job printers
for a nine-hour workday was marked by
orderliness and quiet throughout yester
day. Police officers were stationed In
front of each of the offices where thera
had been a strike declared, but their ser
vices were not needed. Members of tha
strike committee were also stationed in
front of the buildings to watch all who go
in or out. The headquarters in the Hal
leck block have been filled with men all
day, but everybody was orderly and quiet.
A great part of the afternoon was taken
up In Initiating new members. Some of
these were apprentices who had volunta
rily walked out with the men. while oth
ers were men who had come to this city to
take the places of tho strikers, but
thought better of It afterward and cast
their lot with the union men.
Many of the larger offices decided to
shut clown for a day or two to watch the
outcome of the movement, while others
have small forces of non-union men work-
Ing. Good pressmen, either In or out of
union circles, are hard to find, and the
absence of these cripple the proprietors
as much as anything else. The proprie
tors claim that they had more applica
tions for work than they could possibly
till, and were turning men away all day,
but few of them have more than one-fit'lh
the usual force at work. They rushed
things all last week, working night and
day to finish what was on hand as it i 3
almost impossible to find men familiar
with the routine of work of the establish
ments who can stop in and fill the places
of the strikers. The shops will practical
ly remain closed until the strike is decid
ed one way or the other.
The union is carrying on an aggressive
fight by the old time-honored I. T. U.
method of visiting merchants and re
questing them to carry their patronage to
the offices which have signed the new
scale, and have been very successful in
their efforts.
"Wo think this is the best plan," said
President Hawkes yesterday. "There are
enough union offices in this city now to
do all the local work, if they were pushed
to anything like their full capacity, and
we have been repeatedly requested to
place orders. This afternoon the adver
tising manager of one of the largest de
partment stores In the city telephoned
down to us and asked for a list of the
'fair' offices, stating that he was about to
issue his spring catalogue and wanted to
be sure it would go to a good union office.
Other similar requests have come in from
outside sources and we regard them ns
encouraging. I do not believe the strike
will last over a few days at the furthest,
although many of the small shops^ or
"one-man offices,' may hold out for an ai
most indefinite length of time. I think
from the reports received to-day that
ranny of the big concerns have already
weakened, and that the morning will see
many of our men at work."
The proprietors take a very different
view of matters. They one and ;ill laud
the management of the union for the gen
tlemanly way in which matters have been
carried on so far, but they think the de
mands of the union un.iust. as they say It
would throw them int> unfair competi
! tion with the East, owing to the high
freight charged on paper. Many of them
suggest that a compromise might be ef
fected, and all are willing to employ union
men If they will go back at the old scale.
They report applicants for work from the
outside as plentiful.
A great many "rats" appeared at head
quarters yesterday and applied for money
i with which to leave town, but all were
: refused. The union has decided to offer no
! bribes, as it is confident of winning with-
The strike committee and "chapel dad
dies" will be at the rooms all day to-day,
and men have been told off to the various
districts to see that quiet Is maintained.
No groups are allowed to collect anywhere
outside the union rooms, where the union
Is responsible for tneir actions.
TO CULL FAMILY LORE,
A Genealogical Society Formed — The
New Officers.
The steps to organize a genealogical so
ciety on the Pacific Coast have taken place
and the first regular meeting was held
yesterday.
The officers for the current year are as
.follows: Dr. Edward Stephens Clark,
president; Colonel A. S. Hubbard, senior
vice-president; Edgar Hobart of San
Jose, junior vice-president; Miss Louisa
S. Kimball of Pnlo Alto, corresponding
secretary; T. A. Perkins, recording sec
retary; ~T. Worthington Hubbard, treas
urer; Mrs. M. A. Deering, librarian.
The new society will collect, preserve
and diffuse information on genealogy.
The rooms of the society for the present
will be at 16 Geary street.
The membership includes the officers,
also Hon. Horace Davis, Major George
W Reed, A. M. Jellison, Allen Knight,
Harvey Darnea, A. A. Hungford, Dr. H.
P Carlton. Mrs. Dr. L. L. Durr, Mrs. C.
t' Day C. T. Day, Mrs. A. S. Carman,
Mrs. Seldon S. Wright, Zoeth S. Eldredge,
Mrs. W. D. Mansfield.
DEATH FROM HIS WINDOW.
Arthur Maxey of Pescadero Found
Lifeless Beside a Hospital
Wall.
Archer C. Maxey of Pescadero was
found dead yesterday afternoon on the
i ground unuer the window of the room
! which he had been occupying as a pa
1 tient in the German Hospital. He had
I been in the hospital for treatment for
several weeks, and it .Is not known
whether he threw himself out of the -win
dow with suicidal intent or whether ha
i fell out accidentally. The body was taken
I to the Morgue and an inquest will ba
! held The deceased was 44 years old and
i a native of California. He leaves a wife
in this city, who took up her residence
here for the purpose of being near him.
•Father Younan on the Passion.
A series of sermons on the passion will
bo given by Father Ynunan of the Paullst
Community at St. Mary's Church, on
California street, commencing this even
ing at 7:45 o'clock. The text for the open
ing address will be "The Denial of Peter
and the Treason of Judas."
1112
CHARTER
FOR THE
CITY AND COUNTRY
OF
SAN FRANCISCO
PREPARED AND PROPOSED BY THE
BOARD OF FREEHOLDERS,
Elected December 27, 1897, in pursuance of the Provisions of
Section 8, Article XI. of the Constitution of the
State of California.
CONTENTS.
ARTICLE I- BOUNDARIES. rights
AND liabilities.
:articll.: articll. ii-legtslative depakt-
MENT.
' Chapter I— The Board of Supervisors.
: Chapter ll— Powers of the Supervisors.
! Chapter lll— Contracts.
ARTICLE ni— FINANCE AND TAXA
TION.
. Chapter I—Levying of Taxes.
Chapter The Several Funds.
. Chapter lll— The Custody of Public
. Moneys.
. . Chapter Payment of Claims.
ARTICLE IV— EXECUTIVE DEPART
MENT.
■• Chapter I— Mayor.
'■■ Chapter Auditor.
Chapter lll— Treasurer.
; Chapter IV— Assessor.
Chapter Tax Collector.
■ Chapter Vl— Coroner.
; ..Chapter Vll— Recorder.
ARTICLE V— LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I— Superior Court Judges.
Chapter ll— City Attorney.
Chapter ill— District Attorney.
Chapter IV— Public Administrator.
Chapter V— County Clerk.
Chapter Vl— Sh-riff.
ChapT. r Vll— Justices' Court.
Chapter Vlll— Police Court.
. Chapter IX— San Francisco Law Library.
ARTICLE VI— DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC WORKS.
Chapter I— Board of Public Works.
Chapter II — Improvement >>f Streets.
ipter ill- ipenlng of Streets.
pter IV— Sewers and Drainage.
Chapter V— Harbors and Wharves.
ARTICLE VII - PUBLIC SCHOOLS
AND LIBRARIES.
Chapter I—Board of Education.
Chaptrr ll— Schools.
Chapter Hl— Powers of the Board of
; education.
Chapter IV— Superintendent of Schools.
ARTICLE I.
Boundaries, Rights and Liabilities.
:' SECTroX 1. The municipal corpora
•. tion known as the City and County of
• Pan Francisco shall remain and con
tinue a body politic and corporate, in
name and in fact, by the name of the
City and County of San Francisco, and
by that name shall have perpetual suc
cession; may sue and defend in all
courts and places and In all matters
and proceedings; may have an 1 use a j
Comm.-n b<-al and alter the same at
pleasure; may purchase, receive, hold
and enjoy real and personal property; !
receive bequests, gifts and donations of
all kinds of property, '.n fee simple, or
In trust for charitable and other pur
poses, and do all acts iiecessary to"
carry out the purposes of tuch gifts,
bequests and donations, ,vith power to i
manage, sell, lease or otherwise dispose '
of the same in accordance with the
■ terms of the gift, bequest or trust.
■ ■ Sec. 2. The boundaries of the City
. .and County of Can Francisco are here
.; by declared to be those set forth In I
. Section Thirty-nine Hundred and Fifty
of the Political Code of California.
Sec. 3. The City and County of Kan
Francisco shall continue, under this
Charter, to have, hold and enjoy all I
property, rights of property, rights of j
action of every nature and description i
of the existing municipality and is
hereby declared to be the successor of
\ the same.
'.. Sec. 4. Suits, actions and proceedings
may be brought in the name of the City
:"■ and County for the recovery of any
. property, money or thinr belong
ing thereto, In law or equity, or dedi
cated to public use therein, or for the
• enforcement of any rights of, or con
. tracts with, the City and County,
whether made or arising or accruing
before or after the adoption of this i
• Charter. All existing suits, actions and I
proceedings in the courts or elsewhere,
to which the City andCountyis a party,
shall continue to be carried on by or
. against the City and County.
Sec. G. No recourse shall be had
against the City and County for dam
age or loss to person or property suf
fered or sustained by reason of the de
fective condition of any sidewalk
. Btfeet, avenue, lane, alley, court or
place, or by reason of the defective
. condition of any sewer, or by reason of
any defective- drainage, whether any of
paid defects originally existed, or
whether they were occasioned by con
struction, > xravation or embankment,
nor shall there be any recourse against
the City and County for want of re
pair of any sidewalk, street, avenue,
lane, alley, court or place or by want
of repair of any sewer; ror shall there
be any recourse against the City and
County for damage to person or prop
erty suffered or BUBtalned by reason of
nccidenton any sidewalk, street, avenue,
lane, alley, court or plac<\ or by falling
from any embankment thereon or into
any excavation therein; but in any such
case the person or persons on whom
the law may have imposed the obli
gation to repair such defect in the
sidewalk, street or public highway, or
In the sewer, and also the officer or
officers through whose official negli
geneo such defect remains unrepaired
Phall be Jointly and severally liable to
the party injured for the damage sus
tained.
ARTICLE 11.
LEGISLATIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Board of Supervisors.
SECTION 1. The legislative power
of the City and County of San Franeis
\co shall be vested in a legislative body.
which shall be designated the Board of
ARTICLE Vll-Contlnued.
Chapter V— School Tax Levy.
Chapter Vl— Schoolhouses and Lots.
Chapter Vll— Public Library and Read
ing-rooms.
ARTICLE VIII — POLICE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— Organization.
Chapter ll— Police Commissioners.
Chapter lll— Powers of the Board.
Chapter IV— Chief of Police.
Chapter V— Subordinate Officers.
Chapter Vl— Police Officers.
Chapter Vll— Promotions, Suspensions
and Dismissals.
Chapter Vlll— Unclaimed and Stolen
Property.
Chapter IX— Present Police Force.
Chapter X— Police Relief and Pension
Fund.
ARTICLE IX— FIRE DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I— Organization and Powers.
Chapter ll— Duties of Commissioners.
Chapter lll— The Chief Engineer.
Chapter IV— Fire Companies.
Chapter V— Fire Marshal.
Chapter Vl— Fire Wardens.
Chapter Vll— Firemen's Relief Fund.
Chapter Vlll— Salaries.
Chapter IX— Department of Electricity.
ARTICLE X— DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC HEALTH.
ARTICLE XI- DEPARTMENT OF
ELECTIONS.
Chapter I— Board of Election Commls
' sloners.
Chapter ll— Municipal Elections.
ARTICLE XII-ACQUISITION OF PUB
LIC UTILITIES.
ARTICLE XIII-CIVIL SERVICE.
ARTICLE XIV— PARK COMMISSION
ERS.
ARTICLE XV— BONDS OF OFFICIALS.
ARTICLE XVI— MISCELLANEOUS.
SCHEDULE.
Supervisors. Such body Is also desig
nated in this Charter, the Supervisors.
Sec. 2. The Board of Supervisors
6hall consist of eighteen members, all
of whom shall hold office for two years,
and shall be elected from the City and
County at large. Each one must be at
the time of his election an elector of
the City and County, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding his election. Each Supervis
or Bhall receive an annual salary of
twelvi hundred dollrrs.
Every person who has served as
Mayor of the City and County, so long
as he remains a resident thereof, shall
be entitled to a seat in the Board of
Supervisors and to participate In its
debates, but shall not be entitled to a
vote nor to any compensation.
Sec. 3. A majority of all the members
of the Board phall constitute a quorum,
but a less number may adjourn from
day to day and compel the attendance
of absent members in such manner and
under such penalties aa the Board may
prescribe.
Sec. ■*. The Board shall:
1. Appoint a clerk, sergeant-at-arms
and, when authorized to do so by ordi
nance, Buch additional clerks and other
assistants as may be deemed necessary.
2. Establish rules for its proceedings.
3. Keep a Journal of its proceedings,
and allow the same to be published.
The ayes and noes shall on demand of
any member be taken and entered
therein.
4. Have authority to punish its mem
bers for disorderly or contemptuous
behavior in its presence.
Sec. 5. The Mayor shall be the pre
siding officer of the Board of Supervis
ors. In the absence of the Mayor the
Board 6hall appoint a presiding officer
pro tempore from its own members,
who shall have the same right to vote
as other members.
Sec. 6. The Beard shall meet on
Monday of each week, or if that day be a
legal holiday, then on the next day.
The Board shall not adjourn to any
other place than to its r< 'ar place of
meeting, except in case of great neces
sity or emergency. The meetings ot
the Board shall be public.
Sec. 7. The clerk of the Board,
when requested to do so, shall admin
ister oaths and affirmations, without
charge, in all matters pertaining to
the affairs of his office, and shall per
form such services aa may be pre
scribed by the Board. He shall have
the custody of the seal, and of all
leases, grants and other documents,
records and papers of the City and
County. His signature shall be neces
sary to all leases, grants and convey
ances of the City and County.
Sec. 8. Every legislative act of the
City and County shall be by ordinance.
The enacting clause of every ordinance
Bhall be in these words: "Be it or
dained by the People of the City and
County of San Francisco as follows."
No ordinance shall be passed except by
bill, and no bill shall be so amended as
to change its original purpose.
Sec. 9, No bill shall become an ordi
nance, nor resolution be adopted, un
less finally passed by a majority of all
the members of the Board and the vote
be taken by ayes and noes and the
names of the members voting for and
against the same be entered in the
Journal.
Sec. 10. No ordinance shall be re
vised, re-enacted or amended by refer
ence to it* title; but the ordinance to
be revised or re-enacted, or the section
thereof amended, shall be re-enacted
at length as revised and amended.
Sec. 11. An ordinance shall embrace
but one subject, which subject shall be
expressed in its title. If any subject
be embraced in an ordinance and not
expressed in its title, such ordinance
Bhall be void only as to so much there
of as is not expressed in its title.
Sec. 12. When a bill is put upon Its
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 5, IS9B.
final passage in the Board and fails to
pass, and a motion is made to recon
sider, the vote upon such motion shall
not be acted upon before the expira
tion of twenty-four hours after ad
journment. No bill for the grant of
any franchise shall be put upon Its
final passage within ninety days after
Its introduction, and no franchise shall
be renewed before one year prior to its
expiration. Every ordinance shall, af
ter amendment, be laid over for one
week before its final passage.
Sec. 13. Every bill or resolution pro
viding for any specific improvement,
or the granting of any franchise or
privilege, or involving the lease, ap
propriation or disposition of public
property or the expenditure of public
money, except sums less than two |
hmdred dollars, or levying any tax |
or assessment, and every ordinance i
providing for the imposition of a new j
duty or penalty, shall, after its intro
duction, be published in the official
newspaper, with the ayes and noes,
for at least five successive days (Sun- |
days and legal holidays excepted) be- j
fore final action upon the same. If |
such bill be amended, the bill as i
amended shall be advertised for a like i
period before final action thereon. But •
in cases of great necessity the officers •
and heads of departments may. with |
the consent of the Mayor, expend such j
sums of money, not to exceed two hun- j
dred dollars, as shall be necessary to
meet the requirements of such neces-
Sec. 14. If any bill be presented to j
the Mayor containing several items ap
propriating money or fixing a tax levy,
he may object to one or more items j
separately, while approving other por- \
tions of the bill. In such case he shall j
append to the bill at the time of sign-
Ing it a statement of the item or item* !
to which he objects and the reasons |
therefor, and the item or items so ob- j
Jected to shall not take effect unless j
passed notwithstanding the Mayor's
objection. Each item so objected to
shall bo separately reconsidered by the
Board in the same manner as bills
which have been disapproved by the
Sec. 15. No ordinance shall take ef
fect until ten days after Its passage
unless otherwise provided in such or-
Sec. 16. Every bill and every resolu
tion as hereinbefore provided, which
shall have passed the Board and shall
have been duly authenticated, shall be
presented to the Mayor for his appro
val. The Mayor shall return such bill j
or resolution to the Board within ten
days after receiving it. If he approve |
It he shall sign it and it shall then be
come an ordinance. If he disapprove j
it he shall specify hfs objections there- j
to in writing. If ho does not return i
it with such disapproval within the |
time above specified, it shall tnke ef
fect as if he had approved it. The ob- j
Jections of the Mayor shall be entered
at large in the Journal of the Board, i
and the Board shall, after five and
within thirty days after such bill or i
resolution shall have been so returned, i
reconsider and vote upon the same. If i
the same shall, upon reconsideration, j
be again passed by the affirmative vot* j
of not less than fourteen members of
the Board, the presiding officer shall
certify that fact on the bill or resolu
tion, and when p<"> certified, the bill
shall become an ordinance with like ef
fect as if it had been approved by th*
Mayor. If the bill or resolution shall fall
to receive the vote of fourteen members
of the Board it shall be deemed finally
lopt. The vote on such reconsideration
shall be taken by ayes and noes and
the names of the members votinar for
and agninst the same shall be entered
in the Journal.
Sec. 17. All ordinances and resolu
tlon<3 shall be deposited with the Cler
of the Board who shall record the sam
at length in a suitable book.
Sec. 18. No ordinance shall be re
pealed "xcept by ordinance adopted 1
the manner hereinbefore set out. am
puch ordinance shall be presented 1
the Mayor for his approval as herein
before provided.
Sec. 19. Except as provided in Chap
ter 111 of Article 111 of this Charter, a
demand? payable out nf the Treasur
must, before they can be approved b
the Auditor or paid by the Treasure
be first approved by the Board of Sup
ervisors. All demands for more thantw
hundred dollars shall be presented to the
Mavnr for is approval, in the manner
hereinbefore provided for the passage
of Mllp or resolutions. All resolutions
directing the payment of money other
than salaries oi wages, when the
amount exceeds five hundred dollars,
shall b<» published for five successive
days (Sundays and l^gal holidays ex
cepted) In the official newspaper.
Sec. 20. TT " I -- .ie . r there shall be pre-
B4 : '--il to the Board of Election Com
missioners a petition signed by a num
ber of voters equal to fi'tesn per
centum of the votes cast at the last
preceding State or City and County
election, asking that an ordinance to be.
set forth in such petition, ')e subrr ..ted
to a vote of th electors of .h? City And
County, the Board of Election Com
missioners must submit such proposed
ordinance to tl.e vote of the electors at
the next election.
The signatures to the petition need
not all be appended to one paper, but
each signer shall add to his signature
his place of r idence, giving the street
and number. One of the signers of
each such paper shall i..ake oath be
fore an officer competent to admin. -ter
oaths, that the statements therein
made are true, and that each signature
to the pap°r appended Is the genuine
signature of the person whose name
purports to be thereto subscribed.
The tickets used in such election
shall contain the words "FOR THE
ORDINANCE" (stating the nature of
the proposed ordinance) and
"AGAINST THE ORDINANCE" (stat
ing the nature of the proposed ordi-
If a majority of the votes cast uirn
such ordinance shall be in favor of the
adoption there< f. the Board of Election
Commissioners shall within thirty days
from the time of such election, pro
e'aim such fact: nd upon such procla
mation such ordinance shall have the
same force and effect as an ordinance
passed by the Supervisors and ap
proved by the Mayor, and the same
shall not be repealed by the Supervi
sors. But the Supervisors may submit
a proposition for the repeal of such
ordinance, or for amendments thereto,
for vote at any succeeding election: and
should such proposition, so submitted.
receive a majority of the votes cast
thereon at such election, such ordi
nance shall be repealed or amended
accordingly.
Sec. 21. Except as otherwise pro
vided in the Constitution of the State,
or as otherwise provided in this Char
ter, every ordinan.-e Involving the
granting by the City and County of
any franchise for the supply of light
or water, or for the lease <r sole of any
public utility, or for thepurchacenf land
of more than fifty thousand dollars in
value must be submitted to the vt ie
of the electors of th City and County
at the election next ensuing after the
adontion of Fuch ordinance.
The tickets used at such election
shall contain the words "FOR THE
ORDINANCE" (stating t..e nature of
the proposed ordl nee) and
"AGAINST THE ORDINANCE" (stat
ing the nature o." the proposed ordi-
If a majority of the votes cast upon
such ordinance shall be in favor of the
adoption thereof, the Board of Elet don
Commissioners shall, within thlrtv
days from tl " time of such election,
proclaim such fact; and upon such
proclamation such ordinance shall have
the same force and effect as an ordi
nance passed by the Supervisors and
approved by the Mayor.
No such franchise, or lease or sale
of any public utility or purchase of
land shall be of any force or effect ex
cept it be mad" by ordinance, and such
ordinance be adopted by the people as
In this section provided.
Sec. 22. Whenever there shall be
presented to the Supervisors a petition
signed by a number of voters equal '■
fifteen per centum of the votes cast at
the last nrecedln* State or municlDal
election, asking that an amendment or
amendments t this Charter, to be set
out in such petition, be submitted to
the people, the Board must submit to
the vote of the electors of the City and
County the proposed amendment or i
amendments.
The signatures to the petition need |
not all be appended to one paper. Each j
signer shall add to his signature his ,
place of residence, giving; the street |
and nirmber. One of the signers of j
each such paper shall make oath be
fore an 01 cer competent to administer !
oaths that the statements made therein .
are true and that each signature to |
such paper appended Is the genuine
signature of the person whose name
purports to be thereto subscribed.
The Board of Election Commissioners .
must make all necessary provision for t
submitting the proposed amendment or i
amendments to the electors at a spe- |
cial election to be called by it. and shall
canvass the vote in the same manner
as in other cr>s 3 of election.
All the provisions of the Constitution
of the State embracing the subject In
this section provided for are hereby ex- j
pressly made applicable to such pro- j
posed amendment or amendments. But j
if at any time there shall be no consti- |
tutlonal provision or provisions under
which this Charter may be amended, j
then the aforesaid amendment or
amendments must be submitted by the
Board of Election Commissioners tc the
vote of the electors of the City and
County at the election -which next en
sues after such petition is filed with the
Supervisors, if any such election is not
to be held within sixty days after the
filing of such petition.
The tickets used at such election
shall contain the words "FOR THE
AMENDMENT" (stating the nature
of the proposed amendment) and
"AGAINST THE AMENDMENT"
(stating the nature of the proposed
amendment).
If a majority of the votes cast upon
such amendment or amendments shall
be in favor of the adoption thereof,
the Board of Election Commissioners
shall, within thirty days from the time
of such election, proclaim such fact,
and thereupon this Charter shall be
amended accorr" lgly.
CHAPTER 11.
Powers of the Supervisors.
SECTION 1. Subject to the pro
visions, limitations and restrictions In
this Charter contained, the Board of
Supervisors shall have power:
1. To ordain, make and enforce
within the limits of the City and
County all nee ssary local, police, sani
tary and other laws and regulations.
2. Except as otherwise provided in
this Charter, or in the Constitution of I
the State of Talifornia, to regulate and !
control for any and every purpose, the j
use of the streets, highways, public
thoroughfares, public places, alleys,
and sidewalks of the City and ~ unty.
3. To permit the laying down of rail
road tracks and running cars thereon,
along any street or portion of a street,
for the sole purpose of excavating and
filling In a street or portion of a street
or the adjoining land, for such limited
time as may be necessary for such
purpose and no longer. Such tracks
must be laid level with the street and
must be operated under such resLric
tions as not to interfere with the use of j
such streets by the public.
4. To empower street railway com
panies, under such conditions as the
Eoard may see fit t > impose, to convey
street sweepings and offal to the public
5. To fix the limits within which '
wooden builJ'.ngs or structures shall j
not be erected, placed or maintained,
and to prohibit the same within suoh !
limits. Such limits when once estab- j
lished shall not be changed except by j
extension.
6. To provide fo- the abatement cr
summary removal of any nuisance and
to condemn and to prevent the occu- ,
pancy of unsafe structures.
7. To regulate the xl&e of hackney car
riages and public passenger vehicles,
ar.d to fix the rates to be charged for
the transportation of persons or per
sonal baggrge.
8. To provide a public pound and to j
make all necer~ ry rules and regula
tions in the matter of animals running |
at large, and for the custody and de
struction of the same. ,
9. To provide and maintain a
10. To provide places for the deten
tion of witnesses and persons charged
with insanity, separate and cpart from
places where criminals or persons ac
cused of public offenses are imprisoned.
11. To establish, maintain and regu
lnte, and change, discontinue and
re-establish City and County Jails,
prisons and houses of detention, pun
ishment, confinement and reformation,
hospitals and almshouses.
12. To purchase or acquire by con
demnation such property as may be 1
needed for public use.
13. Except as otherwise provided in 1
this Charter, to regulate and control
the location and quality of all appli
ances necessary to the furnishing f
water, heat, light, power, •telephonic:
and telegraphic service to the City and
County, and to acquire, regulate and
control any and all appliances for the
sprinkling and cleaning of the streets I
of the City and County, ar.d for flush- 1
ing the sewers therein.
14. To fix and determine by ordin
ance in the month of February of each
year, to take effect on the first day of
July thereafter, the rates or compensa
tion to be collected by any person, com
pany or corporation In the City and I
County, for the use of v ater, heat,
light or power, supplied to the City and .
County, or to the inhabitants thereof, 1
and to prescribe the quality of the ser- j
15. To impose license taxes and to \
provide for the collection thereof; but !
no license taxes shall be Imposed upon j
any person who, at any fixed place of i
business in the City and County, sells j
or manufactures goods, wares or mer
chandise, except such as require per
mits from the Board of Police Com
missioners as provided in this C! |
16. To prescribe fines, forfeitures and
penalties for the breach of any ordin
ance; but no penalty shall exceed the
amount of five hundred dollars or six
months' imprisonment, or both.
17. To fix the fees and charges for
all official services not otherwise pro
vided for in this Charter.
18. To allow not to exceed two thou
sand five hundred dollars in any year
for the celebration of the anniversary
of our National Independence, and not
to exceed five hundred dollars in any
year for the observance of Memorial
19. To appropriate such sums as may
be paid into the treasury from fines col
lected on conviction of persons charged
with cruelty to animals, and to author
ize the payment of the same or some
part tnereof to any society that shall
efficiently aid in such convictions.
20. To provide for the payment of
compensation to the interpreters ap
pointed by the Judges of the Superior
Court, to interpret testimony in crim
inal cases in said Court or the Police
Court, or upon inquests and examina
tions. Such compensation shall not ex
ceed one hundred dollars a month for
each interpreter.
21. To offer rewards not exceeding
one thousand dollars in any one in
stance for the apprehension and convic
on of any person who may have com
mitted a felony in the City and County,
and to authorize the payment thereof.
22. To provide in the annual tax
vy for a special fund to be used in the
onstruction of a general system of
rainage and sewerage.
23. To provide a Seal for the City
nd County, and Seals for the several
epartments, boards and officers there
f, and a Seal for the Police Court.
24. To fix the hours of labor or serv
ce required of all laborers in the serv
ce of the City and County, and to fix
ieir compensation; provided that eight
lours shall be the maximum hours of
labor in any calendar day, and that tL •
minimum wages of laborers shall be '
two dollars a day. *
25. To set apart as - a boulevard or
boulevards any street or streets, or por
tions of a street or streets, over which
there Is no existing franchise for any j
street railroad. ;. .
26. To construct or permit the con- |
struction of 1 tunnels, under such rules j
and regulations as the Board may pre- ;
scribe. . -_.'■-.
27.: To regulate street . railroads, |
tracks and cars; to compel the owners
of two or more of such roads using the I
same street for any distance not ex- I
ceeding ten blocks to use the same !
tracks and to equitably divide the cost
of construction and expense of main- |
tenance thereof between the owners; to
fix, establish and reduce the fares and
charges for transporting passengers j
and goods thereon; to regulate rates of
speed, and to pass ordinances to pro
tect the public from danger or incon- .
venience in the operation of such roads, j
28. To allow any transcontinental or !
other railroad company having not less I
than fifty , miles of road actually con
structed ..id in operation to enter the
City and County with its road and run
its cars to the water front at the most I
suitable point for public convenience.
No exclusive right shall be granted to J
any railroad company; and the use of
all such rights shall at all times be sub- J
ject to regulation by the Supervisors.
Every ordinance granting such right j
shall be upon the conditions that said
company shall pave and keep In repair |
the street from curb to curb in such a
manner and with such material as may j
from time to time be prescribed by the
Supervisors, and that such company |
shall allow any other railroad company ;
to use in common with it the same ;
track or tracks, each paying an equal \
portion for the construction and repair j
of the tracks and appurtenances used ;
by such railways jointly.
29. To convey lands in accordance
with the provisions of the Act of the
Legislature of the State of California,
entitled "An Act to expedite the settle
ment of land titles in the City and
County of San Francisco, and to ratify
and confirm the acts and proceedings of
certain of the authorities thereof," ap
proved March 14, 1870.
SO. To provide for the execution of
all trusts confided to the City, and
County. .
31. To transfer from one department
of the City Government vacant and un
used lots of land to . another depart
ment.
32. To provide for the lease of any
lands now or hereafter owned by the
City and County; but all leases shall be
made at public auction to the highest
responsible bidder at the highest
monthly rent, after publication of no
tice thereof for at least three weeks. No
lease shall be authorized except by or
dinance passed by the affirmative vote
of two-thirds of the members of th
Board, and approved by the Mayor, and
no lease shall be made for a longer pe
riod than twenty years.
33. To provide for the sale at public
auction, after advertising for. five days,
of personal property unfit or unneces
sary for the use of the City and County.
34. To provide for the purchase of
property levied upon or under execu
tion in favor of the City and County
but the amount bid on such purchase
shall not exceed the amount of judg
ment and costs.
35. The Supervisors mus': appropriate
annually to the Mayor thirty-six hun
dred dollars as and for a contingent
fund, for which he need furnish no
vouchers
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall consti
tute the Board of Equalization of the
City and County. The Clerk of the Su
pervisors shall be Clerk of the Board of
Equalization by virtue of his office, ik*
Sec 3. The Board of Supervisors
shall appoint from its members a com
mittee consisting of three to be denom
inated Finance Committee, and shall
fill all vacancies in the Committee.
The Committee shall investigate the
transactions and accounts of all officers
having the collection, custody or dis
bursement of public I money, or having
the. power to approve, allow, or audit '
demands on the treasury; shall have '
free access to any records, books and .
papers in all : public offices; shall have
power to administer oaths and affirma
tions, and to examine witnesses, and
compel their attendance before them by
subpena. The Committee may at any
time visit any of the public offices and
make Its examinations and investiga
tions therein without hindrance.
The Committee must, at least once in i
every six months, examine the official :
bonds of all City and County officers, !
and investigate the sufficiency and sol
vency of the sureties thereon, and re- i
port In writing the facts to the Mayor. ;
Such report shall specify each bond |
with the sureties, and the amounts for >
which each surety is bound, and state
whether or not they are sufficient and
solvent. Upon such report the Mayor ,
shall take such action as shall be nee- j
essary to protect the City and County, i
and may require new bonds when nee- j
essary, and he may suspend any officer
till a sufficient bond is filed and ap
proved.
Sec. 4. The Finance Committee shall i
have power, and it shall be its duty, to |
examine the records and examine and
expert the books of account of all per
sons, companies or corporations that
are required to pay a portion of their
gross receipts into the treasury; and '
shall likewise, as an aid to the fixing
of rates for furnishing water and light
to the City and County and to the in
habitants thereof, have like power, and
it shall be its duty, to examine the
records and examine and expert the i
books of account of any and all per- !
sons, companies or corporations so |
furnishing water or light.
In the exercise of its functions, the |
concurrence of two members of the j
Committee shall be deemed sufficient. •
The Committee shall keep a record of j
its proceedings with the names of the j
witnesses examined and a substantial ;
statement of the evidence taken. If,
from the examination made by the '■
Committee, it shall appear that a mis- '
demeanor in office, or a defalcation, j
has been committed by an officer, the |
Committee shall immediately report to |
the Mayor, who, If he approve the re- j
port, shall take such proceedings i
against such officer as are authorized I
by law, and may suspend him pending !
such ; proceedings. Any ■; Police Officer j
shall execute the process and orders of j
the Committee.
Sec. 5. No exclusive franchise or. |
privilege shall be granted for laying j
pipes, wires or conduits.
Sec. 6. The Board of Supervisors
shall have power to grant authority
for ; a term not exceeding ; twenty-five !
years to construct and operate street I
railways upon, or over, or under, the
streets or parts of streets of the City '
and County not reserved for boulevards
or carriage driveways, upon the follow
ing ; conditions and in . the following
manner and none other: !
Upon application being made to the
Board for any such franchise, it shall
by resolution , determine whether such
franchise or any part thereof should
be * granted, and at ; said J time shall j de
termine on what conditions the same
shall be granted additional to • those
conditions provided In ; this Chapter.
After * such /. determination, *it shall
cause notice ;of such application and
resolution to be advertised ? in the offi
cial newspaper of the City and Coun
ty for ten : consecutive days. Such ad
vertisement must ,be completed | not less
than twenty nor more than thirty days
before '. any further * action \ls taken ' by
the : Board on r such I application. The ad
vertisement must state the ■, character
of the franchise : sought, the term 'of
Its proposed continuance, and the
route to , be traversed ;.• that ; sealed bids
will be' received^ up 1 to i a certain; hour
on a to be traversed; that sealed bids
111 be received up to a certain hour
n a day to be named in the advertise
lent; : and ■a 8 further statement that
.no '; bids will tbe .> received ' of > a I stated
amount, '. but \ that ' all ? bids ; must '■■ be for
the ■ payment 'i to -. the '■ City ' and County.
In '■ lawful ; money iof : the United , States
of ; a r stated ; percentage £ of : the 5 gross
annual ■% receipts -; of % the . : person, ... com
pany ; or corporation to 'whom the f ran
chlse may be awarded," arising from its
R corporation to whom the
ay be awarded, arising from its
eration, enjoyment or posses
'slon: ■-;■■.■ .^:..:'- : \. -■ ::.:.-'■' '■■■,TS\A, / -"\
Every bidder shall file with his bid a
bond executed to the City and County,
with at least two good and sufficient
sureties to be approved by the Mayor
in a penai sum prescribed by the Su
pervisors, and set forth in such ad
vertisement, conditioned that such bid
der will well and truly observe, fulfill
and perform each and all of the condi
tions, terms and obligations of the
franchise for which said application
was made in case the same shall be
awarded to him, and that in case of
the breach of any of the conditions of
such bond, the whole amount of the
penal sum therein named shall be taken
to be liquidated damages, and that as
such shall be recoverable from the
principal and sureties on such bond.
At the next regular session after the
expiration of the time stated in such
advertisement up to which such bids
will be received, the Board must open j
such bids and award the franchise to
the person, company or corporation of
fering to pay the highest stated per- i
centage of the gross receipts arising
from the use, operation, possession or
enjoyment of the franchise for which
such application was made. But no
award shall be made, nor any such ap
plication granted, unless the stated
percentage offered to be paid for the
franchise shall be at least three per
centum of such gross receipts during
the first five years of the period for j
which the franchise is to be granted, I
four per centum of the gross receipts !
during the next succeeding ten years, i
and five per centum of the gross re
ceipts during the next succeeding ten
Except as in this section otherwise
provided, bidding for such franchises ',
must bo in accordance wUh the provls- !
ions of this Charter in relation to bids
made to the Board of Pv.Mic Works, so
far as such provisions may be applica- ;
ble. The Supervisors may reject any
and all bids, and may refuse to grant a
franchise for any part of the route for i
which application was made, """ery
ordinance making such grant shall re- ;
quire the concurrenceof three-fourthsof j
all the members of the Board of Super- ;
visors, as shown by the ayes and noes,
and the approval of the May- :
or, and at least ninety days shall in- j
tervene between the introduction and |
final passage of any such ordinance. It |
shall require a vote of five-sixths of all
the Supervisors to pass the ordinance
notwithstanding the objections of the j
If any bid be accepted, the franchise
must be granted upon the express con
dition, in addition to the conditions re
quired by this Charter, and such other
conditions as may be prescribed by the
Supervisors, that the per centum of the
gross receipts of the railway shall be
paid into the treasury on or before the
tenth day of the next ensuing month
after such gross receipts shall have
been earned; and upon the further con
dition that the whole of the railway
shall be continuously operated, anc
that at the end of the term the road
track and bed of such railway and al
its stationary fixtures upon the public
streets, shall become the property of
the City and County; and that the
grantees will, within one hundred days
after the date of such grant, commence
the construction of such railway, and
continuously thereafter, in each and ev
ery month until the completion thereof
expend in such construction at leas
the sum of three thousand dollars.
The failure to comply with any of
said conditions shall work an immedi
ate forfeiture of such franchise and the
road or track constructed thereunder
There shall be no power in the Super
visors to relieve from such forfeiture
or from any of said conditions. On o
before the tenth day of each month af
ter said receipts shall have been earned
the President and Secretary of saic
railway company shall make and fil
with the Clerk of the Board of Super
visors a sworn statement of the gros
receipts of such railway for the pre
ceding month.
In granting any such franchise the
Board of Supervisors shall impose such
other lawful conditions as it may deem
advisable, and must expressly provide ;
that the franchise shall not be renewed
or regrnnted. and that the Board shall
at all times have the power to regulate
the rates of fare to be charged by those
using, operating, possessing or enjoy
ing the franchise, and that the Finance
Committee of the Board shall at all
times be permitted to examine and ex
pert their books as to such gross re
ceipts. All moneys received for such
franchises and. in payment of the said
per centum shall be credited to the ,
General Fund.
Sec. 7. The Supervisors shall have no
power to grant franchises or privileges I
to erect poles or wires for transmitting
electric power or for lighting purposes .
along or upon any public street or high
way of the City and County except up
on all the conditions and in the manner, ;
including competitive bidding and pay
ment of a percentage of gross receipts, j
hereinbefore set out, and upon the fur
ther condition that the Board shall at
all times have the right to regulate the
charges of any person, company or cor- ■
poration using, enjoying or possessing '
such franchise or privilege.
When, on the expiration of any street
railroad franchise, it shall be deemed
inexpedient by the Board to use any of :
the property reverting to it by reason
of such expiration in the operation of
a street railroad, then the Board shall
have power to lease such property to j
any person, company or corporation af
ter the notice, on the terms, and in the
manner above provided as to the grant
ing of street railroad franchises, as far
as the same may be applicable. But no
ordinance authorizing such lease shall
be passed prior to ninety days next pre
ceding the expiration of such franchise.
Any ordinance granting a franchise
or authorizing a lease under the provis
ions of this section shall be in force
from and after the expiration of thirty
days from the date of Its signature by
the Mayor, or from and after the expi
ration of thirty days from the date of
its passage by the Supervisors over his
objections, unless within said thirty
days a petition signed by a number of
the electors of the City and County
equal to fifteen per centum of the votes
cast at the last preceding election shall
have been filed with the Supervisors,
asking that said ordinance be submit
ted to the vote of the people. In such
case said ordinance shall be submitted
at the next election to the vote of the
electors of the City and County, and
unless said ordinance shall at said elec
tion receive in its favor a majority of
the votes oast thereon it shall have no
force or effect for any purpose. If a
majority of the votes be in favor of
such ordinance, the Board of Election
Commissioners shall, on the conclusion
of the canvass of the vote thereon,
proclaim such fact, and upon such
proclamation said ordinance shall have
full force and effect as of the date
aforesaid. Said petition and submission
shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of section twenty of Chapter
I of this Article.
Sec. 8. All claims for damages
against the City and County must be
presented to the Board of Supervisors
and filed with the Clerk within six
months after the occurrence from
which the damages are claimed to have
arisen; otherwise there shall be no re
covery on any such claim.
CHAPTER 111.
Contracts.
SECTION 1. All contracts for goods,
merchandise, stores, supplies, subsist
ence or printing for the City and Coun
ty, as well as for all subsistence sup
plies, drugs, and other necessary arti
cles for hospitals, prisons, public insti
tutions and other departments not oth
erwise specifically provided for in thi3
Charter, must be made by the Supervis
ors with the lowest bidder offering ad
equate security, after publication for
not less than ten days in the official
newspaper; and no purchase thereof or
liability therefor shall be made or cre
ated except by contract.
Except as otherwise provided in this
Charter, the Board must determine
annually what goods, merchandise,
stores, supplies, drugs, subsistence and
other necessary articles will be needed
by the City and County for the ensuing
year and it shall have no ; power . to
shall be made for any of the same un
less upon such competitive bidding.
All proposals shall be accompanied
with a certificate of deposit or certified ,
check on :a. solvent bank in the City,
and County of ten per centum on the .
amount of the bid. Payable .at- sight to
the order of the Clerk of the Super™
ors. If the bidder to whom the con
tract is awarded shall for five da>s at
ter. such award fail or neglect .to enter
into the contract and file the requu
bond, the Clerk shall drawthemoney
due on such certificate of ■ depositor .
check and pay the same into the treas
ury; and under no circumstances
the certificate of deposit or cnecK *o
the proceeds thereof be returned to
such defaulting bidder. _ .. , _
Notices for proposals for furnishing
the aforesaid articles shall mention
said articles in general and sha n . siaw
that the conditions and schedule_may
be found in the office of the Clerk or
the Board of Supervisors: and snaii
also state that such articles are to De
delivered at such times, in such quan
tities, and in such manner, as tne ; »v
pervisors may designate. Any *»«£**
may bid separately for any art c
named. The award as to each article
shall in all cases be made to the lo £j.
bidder for such article, and where a ma
embraces more than one article, in*
Supervisors-shall have the right to ac
cept or reject such bid or. the bid for
any one or more articles embracea
therein. In the case of contracts for
subsistence of prisoners the advertise
ment for proposals shall specify each
article required, the quality thereot.
the quantity for each person, ana the
existing and probable number of per
sons to be supplied. No article or ar
ticles provided for in this section shall
have been made in any prison. Trie
Supervisors shall require bonds. • witn
sufficient sureties for the faithful per
formance of every contract. The * ler*
of the Supervisors shall furnish print
ed blanks for all such proposals, con
tracts and bonds. . 7
All bids shall be sealed and deliverea
by the bidder to the Clerk of the su
pervisors, and opened by the Board at
an hour and place to be stated in the
advertisement for proposals, in tne
presence of all bidders who attend, ana
the bidders may inspect the bids, Alt
bids with alterations or erasures
therein shall be rejected All articles
so supplied shall be subject to inspec
tion and rejection by the Supervisors
and by the person in char— of the or
flee, institution or department for
which the same are supplied. Every
contract for work to be performed tor
the City and County must provide that
in the "performance of the contract
eight hours shall be the maximum
hours of labor on any calendar nay,
and that the minimum wages of labor
ers employed by the contractor in the
execution of his contract shall be two
dollars a day. Any contract for worK
to be performed for the City and Coun
ty which does not comply with the pro
visions of this section shall be null ana
void, and any officer who shall sign tne
same shall be deemed guilty of misfea
sance and upon proof of such misfea
sance shall be removed from office.
Bee 2. All contracts for official ad
vertising shall be let annually in like
manner by the Supervisors to the low
est responsible bidder publishing a
daily newspaper in the City and Coun
ty which : has a bona fide daily circula
tion of at least eight thousand copies,
and has been in existence at the time
of letting such contract for at least
two years. In inviting proposals there
for such advertising shall not be clas
sifted and no proposal shall be acted
upon which offers to do such advertis
ing at different rates for different por
s'tfch advertising shall be construed
Such advertising shall be construed
to mean the advertising and publica
tion of all official reports, orders, ordi
nances, messages, resolutions, notice*
inviting proposals and all notices -of..
every nature relating to City work. No
part or kind of such advertising- shall
be charged or contracted for at a high
er rate than any other part or kind .of
the same is charged or contracted for.
except in the case of the delinquent tax
liS The newspaper to which the award
of such advertising is made shall be
known and designated as the ' official
The a advertislng of the delinquent
The advertising of the delinquent
tax list shall be let to the lowest re
sponsible bidder on a separate bidding
from all other, official advertising.
No board, department or officer shall
make any publication which is not ex
pressly authorized by this Charter or
by the Supervisors.
Sec. 3. The Clerk of the Supervisors
shall annually, under the direction of
the Supervisors, advertise for pro
posals for supplying the various
departments, officers and offices of the
City and County with all stationery
and supplies in the nature of station
ery, assessment books, minute books,
blank books and the printing of blanks.
The contracts for ionery shall be
separate from tho=e for printing.
Notice for proposals for supplies shall
require a greater or less quantity to
be delivered at such times and in such
manner as the Supervisors may desig
nate. The advertisement for bids for
paper shall state the weight, quality
and size of the various kinds required,
and that for printing shall enumerate
the various letter heads, tax bills, tax
receipts, court notices, and all blanks;
papers and documents now used or
hereafter required in any and all de
partments of the City and County, in
cluding the forms, papers and blanks
now used or hereafter required by the
courts of the City and County.
The forms for all printing shall be
consecutively numbered, and each form
and blank 'shall be known as No. ■
(specifying the number). Such adver
tisement shall be published for at least
ten days, and shall require the bidders
to state the price at which each arti
cle will be furnished, printed or manu
factured, as the same may be required
from time to time during such P erlo '
and the amount of the bond that will be
required as security for the perform
ance of the contract.
No stationery furnished to any ora
ter or department shall contain the
name or names of the officer or offi
cers constituting the head of the de
partment or board. The contract or
contracts must be made with the low
est bidder offering adequate security,
quantity and quality being considered.
- -he Clerk of the Supervisors shall have
T ooms in the City Hall for the custody
of such stationery, and when purchased
he same shall be delivered to him, and
! he shall issue and distribute the same
to the various departments as re
quired. keep accounts In detail,
He shall keep accounts in detail,
charging himself with all - goods re
ceived and crediting himself with the
goods delivered upon order or requisi
tion as hereinafter . provided. When
any of such supplies are required, for
ny department, the Clerk of the Su
pervisors shall issue the same after the
requisition for such articles has been
made by the head of such department
and approved by the Mayor.
All requisitions for printing shall be
made in a similar manner. The Clerk
hall report monthly in writing to the
Supervisors in detail, the amount of
11 paper, blanks, books, stationery and
printing: ordered by and delivered to
any department or officer.
Sec. 4. Any officer of the City and
County, or ,of , any department thereof,
who shall aid or assist a bidder in se
curing a contract to furnish labor, ma
terial .or supplies, at a higher, price or
ate than that proposed by any other
bidder, or ; w" -> -. shall favor one bidder
over, another, by giving or withholding
information, or who shall willfully mis
lead any bidder: in regard to the char
acter of , the material or : supplies called
for, or, who shair knowingly accept ma
terials' or. supplies of a quality ' inferior
lad any bidder in regard to the char
ter of the material or supplies called
r, or who shall knowingly accept ma
rials or supplies of a quality inferior
that called for by the contract, or
who shall knowingly certify to a great
er, amount of labor performed than has
been , actually performed, ,or to the re
ceipt , of a - greater amount " or .; differentkiM&'df' material or supplies than has
bejea! actually received, shall be deemed
guilty of misfeasance and shall be re
moved from office.
■■-"i.. S. ' All contracts provided for in
this -.Chapter must be In -writing and
I- executed in the name of the City and
Comity by the Mayor. All such con
tacts; must be countersigned by the
the Supervisors, and register
.-• C' d- by." odS the Supervisors, and register
by number and date In a book kept
%!•*•-« irvrfnr that purpose. When a con
- .'tractor rfails to enter into the contract
«.%<,.., '-■•:! to him or to perform the same,
Ll!B©iy:'bl<is must bo invited, and a con
' ••"sfrdc.t" awarded as provided rein in
the- lir»t instance. V.'hen the Supervis
••'ori"'pplievo that the prices bid are too
■' :hi{^j, or that bidders have combined to
".•rutevfMH competition] or that the public
inVepejsjtttoilj be subserved thereby, they
i Ujiiiy'.ie'ject any and all bids and cause>
:'tjue> notice for proposals to be readver
•;tisedV,:-' ■ ."
•'= .?>«<?. 6. : - NO" contract for lighting
•;fe'juTeetP. public ■ '.ings, places or of
jfic#s\-'shrill be made for a longer period
: one year, nor shall any contract
? t ©."pay/If or gas, electric light or any il-
VltSininat-ing material at a higher rate
minimum price charged to any
- : .VHft»f • consumer, be valid. Demands
?fo£ flighting public buildings shall be
.j^rajajehted monthly to the board or de
| "p'artmoht using or having charge
••'Uh".f»Pr<iif, • and shall specify the amount
•fjVo^gas, -electric light or Illuminating
• consumed in such building
O-Sjiylivg the month.
♦
ARTICLE 111.
} AND TAXATION.
: £}M CHAPTER L
'? ', 1; ■ Levying of Taxes.
*?'■ -SECTION 1. On or before the first
• MY'Tiday of April In each year the heads
'"• '.departments, offices, boards and
■'••v^o-rnnilssions of the City and County
•...••sMJI Bend to the Supervisors an esti
:. ■rflave in writing of the amount of ex
• -\p.en4iture, specifying in detail the ob
:'. vifc^ts-' thereof, required in their respec
,.^y-fye departments, offices, boards and
•'•■-Gq(hmlßßlons, including a statement of
':• .-the' salaries of their subordinates. Dv-
; -:>pjl;eates of these estimates shall be
fyieeht at the same time to the Auditor.
•.Sec. 2. On or b fore the first Monday
'■or .May in each year the Auditor shall
.■•Vtfa'nsmit to the Supervisors an estimate
.■•'.■•• : ef-the probable expenditures of the
' .:'Clty and' County government for the
.•i.hext ensuing fiscal year, stating the
■-] ; :^rnount required to meet the interest
'.^a.rid sinking funds for all outstanding
.'• • funded debts, and the wants of all the
: .'.departments of the municipal govern
:; "-inent in detail, and showing specifically
.the amount necessary to be apportion
. Ed to each fund in the treasury; also
;'•'•' ah estimate of the amount of income
■ •."/from fines, licenses and other sources
'• of ' revenue, exclusive of taxes upon
t property, and the probable amount re
': quired to be levied and raised by taxa
■ VHton.
': . Sec: 8. The Supervisors shall meet
.//annually between the first Monday of
?!' May and the first Monday of June, and
."""by a vote of a majority of all the mem
■ tiers thereof make a budget of the
"'amounts estimated to be required to
••'r^K- the expenses of conducting the
: .'i. public business of the Cit- and County
".'•for the next ensuing fiscal year. The
■•Xtjtt'dpet .shall be prepared in such de
■'•::*tall as to the aggregate sum and the
'■.:] ftonis thereof allowed to each depart
.■"vrrVe'nt.. office, board or commission, as
■ : ttie Supervisors shall deem advisable.
'• • . ,-JBefore finally determining upon the
:; budget, the Supervisors shall fix such
' :;'.fsufncient'' 'ime or times as may be
' -necessary to allow the taxpayers to be
• h'.ard in regard thereto, and the Super-
V ; visors shall attend at the time or times
bo appointed for puoh hearin«»
Poo. 4. Any item in said budget may.
within en days, be vetoed in whole or
f In part by tho Mayor, and it shall re
quire fifteen votes of the Supervisors
vercome such veto. Action thereon
rnyst be taken before the last Monday
c f.-.-June.
• Aft^r th» final estimate is made In
r dance herewith, it shall be signed
■-l.y the Mayor and the vlerk of thf> Su
pervisors, and t 1 several sums shall
• i.V-n be appropriated for the ensuing
'■"fiscal year to the several purposes and
irtments therein name' 1 . The esti
••Vmate shall be filed in the office of the
7AiM:tor.
.-. 5. The Supervisors must cause
•;• to be raised annually according to law,
• ■ond collected by tax. the amounts so
: .'■'. appropriated, less the amounts re
• ceived from fines, licenses and other
; ; : .'sources of revenue.
•;" •...Sec. 6. Except as otherwise pro
".-. vided In this Charter, no money shall
-.be drawn from the treasury unless in
.... consequence of appropriations made
by the Supervisors and upon warrants
. duly drawn thereon by the Auditor.
V :Sec. 7. No warrant shall be drawn
■ Except upon an unexhausted specific
• appropriation.
■;-' Sec. R. The Super--'=ors may appro
priate thirty-six thousand dollars a
'.year for urgent necessities not other
• wise provided for v -- law. No money
':': shall be paid out of this appropriation
' /unless authorized by a five-sixths vote
'■ of all the members of th? Board of
Supervisors and approved by the
Mayor.
: ' Sec. 9. It shall not be lawful for the
Supervisors, or for any board, depart
ment, officer or authority having power
to incur, authorize or contract liabili
ties against the treasury, to incur, au
thorize, allow, contract for, pay or ren
der payable in the present or future, in
any one month, any expenditure, de
mand or demands, against any appro-
priation, which, taken with all other
expenditures. Indebtedness or liability
made or incurred up to the time in
Fuch month of making or incurring the
Fame, phall exceed one-twelfth part of
the amount of the appropriation for
the fiscal year.
; When any board, department or offi
cer haviner "iwer to incur liabilities
against the treasury shall make any
agreement for obtaining supplies or
having labor performed, such depart
ment, officer or board shall register
such agreement by number and date.
and all demands arising ' under such
agreement shall be payable in the or
der of such registration. Such depart
ment, board or officer must inform the
person with whom It is proposed to
such agreement of the amount of
money available or likely *« +** avail*
p.b!" in the fund from which such de-
: mands are payable.
.:• If, at the beginning of any month.
' a money remains unexpended In any
. appropriation which might lawfully
have been expended during the pre
ceding month, ruch unexpended sum
.or sums, except so much thereof as may
be required to pay all unpaid claims
upnn puch appropriation, may be car
ried forward and expended in any sue-
I celling month of such fiscal year; but
not afterward, except in payment of
claims lawfully incurred during such
fiFC.il year. Appropriations provided
to rneot the' expense of elections; for
the support and maintenance of the
Acpppcor's and Tax Collector's depart
ments: and for urgent necessities.
■'ii'! be exempt from the provisions of
tb's section.
. Fee. If). No contracts made, the ex
panse of whose execution is not pro*
• yirled by law or ordinance to be nald
;.lr.- assessments upon the property ben
refltedj shrill be binding or of any force,
"unlrr^ the Auditor shall indorse there
. on his certificate that there remains
unexpended : and unapplied as ; herein
I Provided, a balance of the appropria
tion or fund applicable thereto, suffl
ejent to pp •].. estimated expense of
executlnc such contract, as certified by
the board or officer making the same.'
' This provision shall not apply to work
done, or supplies furnished, involving
the expenditure ■■•'■•■■, t'-n hi--..'
dred and fifty dollars, unless the same
11 Is required by law to be done by con
tract at public letting. The Aud
itor shall make such indorse
ment upon every such contract so
presented to him. If there remains un
applied and unexpended such amount
■ so specified by the officer making the
I contract, and thereafter shall hold and
; retain such sum to pay the expense in
curred until the contract shall be fully
performed. The Auditor shall furnish
i weekly to the head of each department
|a. statement of the unexpended bal
i ances of the appropriation for his de
partment.
Sec. 11. On or before the last Mon
day of June in each year the Super
visors shall levy the amount of taxes
Cor City and County purposes required
to be levied upon all property not ex
empt from taxation. The amount shall
i be sufficient to provide for the payment
| during: the fiscal year of all demands
upon the treasury authorized to be paid
. out of the same; but such levy, exelu
; sive of the State tax and the tax to pay
the Interest and maintain the sinking
funds of the bonded indebtedness of the
; City and County, and exclusive of the
tax to pay for the maintenance and
', improvement of the parks, squares and
public grounds of the City and County,
Bhall not exc< ed the rate of one dollar
on each one hundred dollars' valuation
of the property assessed. The Super
' visors in making the levy BhaU appor
tion the taxes to the several funds.
Sec. 12. In making the apportion
: ment, tHe Supervisors shall take into
! account and apportion to the several
funds the Income and revenue esti-
I mated to arise during the fiscal year
' from licenses, fees and other sources;
but the income to pay the interest on
the bonded indebtedness and provide
for the sinking funds shall always be
provided for out of the tax on property.
Sec. 13. The limitation in section
I eleven of this Chapter upon the rate of
; taxation shall not apply in case of any
great necessity or emergency. In such
case the limitation may be temporarily
suspended so as to enable the Super
visors to provide for such necessity or
emergency. No increase shall be made
in" the rate of taxation authorized to be
levied in any fiscal year, unless such in
' crease be authorized by ordinance'
passed by the unanimous vote of the
Supervisors and approved by the
Mayor. The character of such neces
sity or emergency shall be recited in
the ordinance authorizing such action,
and be entered in the Journal of the
! Board.
Nothing In this section shall author
ize the incurring of liabilities against
the treasury not allowed by law, or
- which cannot be paid out of the income
and revenue provided, collected and paid
into the proper fund as its proportion
of the same for such fiscal year, or per
mit liabilities or indebtedness incurred
in any one fiscal year to be a charge
upon or paid out of the income or reve
nue of any other fiscal year.
Sec. 14. The Supervisors shall fix the
'■ amount of municipal revenues and pro
i vide for the collection thereof. They
'. shall from time to time provide for the
i payment of the interest and principal
jof the bonds for which the City and
County is liable.
Sec. 15. The Supervisors Bhall au
thorize the disbursement of all public
moneys, except as otherwise specifically
provided in this Charter.
Sec. 16. At the close of each fiscal
! year, if all demands against each fund
j have been paid or satisfied, and all dis
puted or contested demands finally ad
judicated, the Supervisors shall direct
; the Treasurer to transfer all surplus
i moneys to a fund to be called the
; Surplus Fund, except such surplus
, moneys as are in the several interest
l and sinking funds, in the Common
. School Fund, in the Park Fund, the Li
> brary Fund, the Police Relief and Pen
sion Fund, in the Firemen's Relief and
' Pension Fund, and in such other funds
! the disposition of whose surplus moneys
' is in this Charter otherwise provided
j for.
CHAPTER EL
The Several Funds.
SECTION 1. The income and revenue
paid into the treasury shall be at once
apportioned to and kept in separate
funds. It shall not be lawful to trans
fer money from one fund to another or
to use the same in payment of de
mands upon another fund. The provi
sions of this section shall not apply to
fees paid into the treasury and placed
temporarily to the credit of the Unap
portioned Fee Fund under the provi
sions of Chapter 111 of this Article.
Sec. 2. The several funds in the
treasury authorized by law at the time
this Charter takes effect, or provided
for by this Charter, shall continue
therein so long as there shall be occa
sion therefor; and the moneys therein,
or which may belong thereto, shall not
be used for any purpose other than that
for which the same were raised except
as otherwise provided in this Charter.
The General Fund shall consist of
moneys received into the treasury and
not specially appropriated to any other
fund.
The Park Fund Bhall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
Fund by virtue of the tax provided for
in this Charter for the maintenance,
preservation and improvement of the
parks, squares, avenues and public
grounds of the City and County; of all
moneys accruing from rents of build
ings under the jurisdiction of the Park
Commissioners; and of all moneyscom
ing into the hands of said Commission
ers whether from donations or other
wise. Out of said Fund shall be paid
all the expenses of every kind for the
preservation, maintenance and im
provement of the parks, squares, ave
nues and public grounds of the City
and County.
The Library Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
Fund by virtue of the tax provided for
in this Charter for the maintenance of
Library and Reading Rooms, and the
purchase of books therefor. Out of said
Fund shall be paid all the expenses
necessary to the maintenance of such
Library and Reading Rooms and the
purchase of books therefor.
Sec. 3. The Surplus Fund shall con
sist of the moneys remaining at the end
of any fiscal year in any other funds
(except the Common School Fund and
the other funds by this Charter other
wise expressly provided for) after all
valid demands, indebtedness and lia
bilities against said funds incurred
within such fiscal year have been paid
and discharged; provided, that all dis
puted or contested claims payable out
of such funds have been finally adjudi
cated.
The Surplus Fund shall be used for
the purposes . nd in the order follow
ing:
1. In. payment of any final Judgment
against the City and County.
2. In liq lidation and extinguish
ment, under such regulations as the
Supervisors may adopt, of any out
standing funded debt of the City and
County.
3. To be carried over and appor
tioned among the funds and used In
the ensuing fiscal year as part of the
income and revenue thereof.
Sec. 4. The Special Deposit Fund
shall consist of:
1. All moneys paid Into court and
deposited with the Treasurer by the
County Clerk.
2. Al! moneys received by the Pub
lic Administrator and deposited by him
with the Treasurer.
3. All mon - s deposited -with the
Treasurer on rpooial deposit.
The moneys in the Special Deposit
Fund shall be paid out in the manner
prescribed by law.
Sec. 5. Except as otherwise provided
in this Charte- any moneys remaining
at the end of any fiscal yea • in any in
terest and linking fund or a fund pro
vided by a special bond issue for a
specific purpose, the Common School
Fund, the JT ar^ Fund, the Library
Fund, the Fir.-.non's Relief and Pen
sion Fund, Police Relief and Pension
Fund, and the Public Building Fund
shall be carried forward and appor
tioned to said respective funds for the
ensuing: fiscal year.
Sec. ti. Any demand against the
treasury or against any fund thereof
remaining unpaid ,"..t the end of the
fiscal year for lack of money applicable
to its payment, may be paid out of any
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
money which may subsequently come
into the proper fund from delinquent
taxes or other uncollected income or
revenue for such year. Such demands
shall be paid out of such de*. .quent
revenue, when collected, in the order
of their registration.
Sec. 7. When there shall be to the
credit of any sinking fund in the treas
ury a sum not less than twenty thou
sand dollars which may be applied to
the redemption of any outstanding
bonds to which such fund .a applicable,
which are not . eueemable before their
maturity, it shall be the duty of the
Mayor,, Auditor and Treasurer to ad
vertise for thirty days, inviting pro
posals for the s-urrender and redemp
tion of the bonds.
After such advertisement the money
in such Sinking Fund, or such portion
thereof as may be required therefor,
shall be awarded to the person or per
sons offering to surrender said bonds
for the lowest price. Upon such award,
when duly audited, the Treasurer shall,
upon the surrender of the bonds, pay
the amount to the person or persons to
whom the same was awarded. No bid
for the surrender of any of the bonds
shall be accepted, which shall require a
greater sum of money for their redemp
tion than the then worth of the princi
pal and interest of the bonds, calculat
ed with interest, not exceeding four per
centum per annum.
CHAPTER 111.
The Custody of Public Moneys.
SECTION 1. All moneys arising from
taxes, licenses, fees, fines, penalties and
forfeitures, and all moneys which may
be collected or received by any officer of
the City and County or any department
thereof, in his official capacity, for the
performanes of any official duty, and
all moneys accruing to the City and
County from any source, and all
moneys directed by law or this Char
ter to be paid or deposited in the
treasury, shall be paid into the treas
ury. All officers or persons collecting
or receiving such moneys must pay the
same into the treasury. No officer or
person other than the Treasurer shall
pay out or disburse such moneys, or
any part thereof, upon any allowance,
claim or demand.
Sec. 2. Salaried officers shall not re
ceive nor accept any fee, payment, or
compensation directly or Indirectly, for
any services performed by them in
their official capacity, nor any fee, pay
ment, or compensation, for any official
service performed by any of their dep
uties, clerks, or employees, whether
performed during or after official busi
ness hours. No deputy, clerk, or em
ployee of such officers shall receive or
accept any fee, compensation or pay
ment, other than his salary as now or
hereafter fixed by law, for any work or
service performed by him of any offi
cial nature, or under color of office,
whether performed during or after offi
cial business hours.
Sec. 3. Every fee, commission, per
centage, allowance, or other compensa
tion authorized by law to be charged,
received, or collected by any officer for
any official service, must be paid by the
officer receiving the same to the Treas
urer in the manner herein provided.
Sec. 4. It shall be the duty of every
officer authorized by law to charge, re
ceive or collect any fee, commission,
percentage, allowance, or compensation
for the performance of any official serv
ice or duty of any kind or nature, or
rendered in any official capacity, or by
reason of any official duty or employ
ment, to deliver the same to the Treas
urer at the expiration of e*ach business
day. The Treasurer shall thereupon
deliver to such officer a receipt for the
money so paid, which shall show the
amount of money received, the day and
hour when paid, the name of the officer
paying the same, the nature of the
service performed, and the name and
official designation of the person by
whom the service was performed; and
like entries shall be made upon the stub
of such receipt, which shall be kept by
the Treasurer. The Treasurer shall
place all such moneys in a fund to be
designated the "Unapportioned Fee
Fund." which is hereby created, and
shall keep such fund as other funds In
the treasury are kept, and shall be lia
ble on his official bond for all money bo
received.
Pec. 5. The Auditor or other proper
officer must prepare and deliver from
time to time to the Treasurer, and to
every officer authorized by law to
charge any fee, commission, percent
age, allowance, or compensation, for
the performance of any official service
or duty, as many official receipts as
may be required, charging therewith
the Treasurer or other officer receiving
them. Such official receipts must be
bound into books containing not less
than one hundred such receipts, and
numbered consecutively, beginning
with number one in each class required
for each officer for each fiscal year, and
provided with a stub corresponding in
number with receipt. "When the bodks
containing receipts are exhausted by
the officer receiving them, he shall re
turn the stubs thereof to the Auditor or
other proper officer, in whose custody
they shall remain thereafter.
Sec. 6. When a receipt as herein
provided is Issued by the Treasurer he
must state therein the date of pay
ment, the name of the person making
the payment, the amount of such pay
ment, the nature of the service for
which the charge is made, and the
name and official designation of the of
ficer performing the service, and shall
make corresponding entries on the stub
of each receipt.
Sec. 7. When any receipt Is Issued by
any officer other than the Treasurer as
herein provided, he shall state therein
the day and hour of the delivery to him
of the Treasurer's receipt, the nature of
the service therein described, and the
amount charged therefor, and the name
of the person by whom such receipt is
delivered to him, and shall make corre
sponding entries on the stub to which
such receipt is attached.
Sec. 8. On the first day of each
month the Treasurer must make to the
Auditor a report under oath of all mon
eys received by him during the preced
ing month, showing the date and num
ber of the receipt on which the money
was received, the amount of each pay
ment, by whom paid, the nature of the
service, and the name and official des
ignation of the officer performing the
service. At the same time, or oftener,
if required by the Auditor, the Treas
urer shall exhibit to the Auditor all of
ficial receipts received by him during
the previous month, and all official re
ceipts remaining In his hands, unused
or not issued, at the close of business
on the last day of thp preceding month.
Sec. 9. On the first day of each
month every officer authorized by law
to charge any fee, commisslo-n, per
centage, allowance or compensation,
must make to the Auditor a report
uncW oath of all Official receipts issued
by him during the preceding month,
showing the date and number of each
receipt, to whom issued, the nature of
the service for which the charge was
made, and the amount of such charge;
and must at the same time, or oftener,
if required, exhibit to the Auditor, or
other proper officer, all the Treasurer's
receipts deposited with him during the
preceding month, and all receipts re
maining in his hands, unused or not
issued, at the close of business on the
last day of each preceding month.
Sec. 10. Upon receiving the reports
prescribed by sections eight and nine
m" ibis Chapter, the Auditor shall exam
ine and settle the accounts of each offi
cer, and apportion such moneys ,»to the
fund or funds to which they are appro
priated by law. and certify such appor
tionment to the Treasurer, who shall
thereupon transfer from the "Unappor
tioned Fee Fund" the amounts so certi
fied, and credit each fund entitled
thereto with the proper amount so ap
portioned.
Sec. 11. Every- officer who Is by law
allowed to charge and collect mileage
for the service of process, or other like
service, shall at the end of each month,
prepare and deliver to the Auditor a
statement showing each process served,
the title of the cause, the name of the
deputy or other subordinate officer vrho
made the service, the number of miles
actually traveled in making such ser
vice, the exact day when such service
was made, and between what hours of
the day, and such statement shall be
verified by the oath of such officer. The
Auditor shall examine such statement,
and issue his warrant upon the Treas
urer for such amcmnt of money as will
reimburse such officer for his lawful
expenses in making such service. Such
warrant shall be paid by the Treasurer,
without further approval, out of the
"Unapportioned Fee Fund." No extra
mileage shall be charged or allowed for
service of two or more processes served
on the same trip by the same deputy
or deputies, except for extra mileage
actually traveled in serving additional
process. All mileage charged in viola
tion of this section shall be disallowed
by the Auditor, and all amounts disal
lowed for any reason shall be appor
tioned as other moneys in the "Unap
portioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 12. When an officer, legally au
thorized to employ a person other than
one of his deputies or assistants at a
stated compensation fixed by law, has
employed such person, and in pursu
ance of such employment such person
has rendered the service for which he
was employed, such officer shall, at the
end of each month, prepare and deliver
to the Auditor a statement verified by
the oath of such officer, showing the
case or instance in which such service
was performed, for whom performed,
the name of the person so employed, by
whom the service was performed,
the amount of the charge therefor, the
time actually employed in performing
such service, and the dates of the be
ginning and ending of the period during
which such person was so employed.
The Auditor shall thereupon examine
such statement, and if he finds the
same correct, he shall audit and allow
the verified demand of such person so
employed and performing the service
for the sum or sums so earned by him
for such service, and the Treasurer
shall pay such demand so audited and
allowed, without further approval, out
of the "Unapportioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 13. The demand of the Auditor
for his monthly salary shall be audited
and allowed by the Mayor. All other
demands on account of salaries fixed by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
made payable out of the treasury, may
be allowed by the Auditor without any
previous approval. All demands pay
able out of the Common School Fund
must, before they can be allowed or
paid, be previously approved by the
Board of Education. Demands pay
able out of the treasury for salaries,
wages, or compensation of deputies,
clerks, assistants, or employees, in any
office or department, must, before they
can be audited or paid, be first ap
proved in writing by the officer, board,
department or authority under whom,
or in which, such demand originated.
All other demands payable out of any
funds in the treasury, must, before they
can be allowed by the Auditor, or rec
ognized, or paid, be first approved by
the department, board or officer, in
which the same has originated, and in
all such cases must be approved by the
Supervisors.
Every demand against the City and
County shall, in addition to the other
entries and indorsements ur>on the
same required by this Charter, show:
1. The ordinance or authorization un
der which the same was allowed. 2.
The name of the board, department or
authority authorizing the same. 3.
The fiscal year within which the in
debtedness was incurred. 4. The ap
propriation provided to meet the de
mand. 5. The name of the specific
fund out of which the demand is pay
able. Each demand shall have written
or printed upon it a statement that the
same can only be paid out of the in
come and revenue provided, collect
ed and paid into the proper spe
cific fund in the treasury for the
fiscal year within which the indebted
ness was incurred, and shall refer to
Chapter II of this Article, and be num
bered with reference to the fund out
of which it is payable.
Sec. 14. Whenever any person has, or
has received, moneys or other personal
property belonging to the City and
County, or has been intrusted with the
collection, management or disburse
ment of any moneys, bonds, or interest
accruing therefrom, belonging to or
held in trust by the City and County,
and fails to render an account thereof
to, and make settlement with, the
Treasurer within the time prescribed
by law; or, when no particular time is
specified, fails to render such account
and make such settlement, or who fails
to pay into the treasury any moneys
belonging to the City and County upon
being requested to do so by the Audi
tor, within twenty days ..fter such
requisition, the Auditor must state an
account with such person, charging
twenty-five per centum damages, and
interest at the rate of ten per centum
per annum from the time of such fail
ure.
A copy of such account In any suit
therein is prima facie evidence of the
things therein stated. In case the Au
ditor cannot for want of information
state an account, he may in any action
brought by him aver that fact, and al
lege generally the amount of money or
other property which is due to or which
belongs to the City and County. The
City Attorney must prosecute all ac
tions that may be brought under this
section within ten days after notifica
tion by the Auditor.
CHAPTEK IV.
Payment of Claims.
SECTION 1. The salaries and com
pensation of all officers, including po
licemen and employes of all classes, and
all teachers in the public schools, and
others employed at fixed wages, shall
be payable monthly. Any demand upon
the treasury accruing under this
Charter shall not be paid, but shall be
forever barred by limitation of time,
unless the same be presented for pay
ment, properly audited, within one
month after such demand became due
and payable; or, if It be a demand
which must be passed and approved by
the Supervisors or Board of Education,
or by any other Board, then within one
month after the first regular meeting
of the proper board held next after the
demand accrued; or, unless the Super
visors shall, within six months after
the demand accrued as aforesaid, on a
careful examination of the facts, re
solve that the same is in all respects
just and legal, and the presentation
of it, as above required, was not in
the power either of the original party
interested or his agent, or the present
holder; in which case they may by or
dinance revive such claim; but it shall
be barred in the same manner unless
presented for payment within twenty
days thereafter. No valid demand aris
ing subsequent to the claim which may
be revived as aforesaid shall be ren
dered invalid by reason of such revival
exhausting the fund out of which sub
sequent claims might otherwise be
paid. Such revived claim shall take
rank as of the day of its revival.
ARTICLE IV.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Mayor.
SECTION 1. The chief executive offi
cer of the City and County shall be des
ignated the Mayor. He shall be an
elector of the City and County at the
time of his election, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such time. He shall be
elected by the people and hold ofP"o
for two years. He shall receive an
annual salary of six thousand dullnio.
He may appoint a Secretary who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
four hundred dollars; an usher who
shall receive an annual salary of nine
hundred dollars; and a stenographer
and typewriter who shall receive an
annual salary of nine hundred dollars.
All of said appointees shall hold their
positions at the pleasure of the Mayor.
Sec. 2. The Mayor shall vigilantly
observe the official conduct of all
I public officers and the manner in
i which they execute their duties and
! fulfill their obligations. The books,
! records and official papers of all depart
| ments, officers and persons in the cm
i ploy of the City and County shall at all
i times be open to his inspection and ex
: amination. He shall take special care
' that the books and records of all de
partments, boards, officers and persons
are kept In legal and proper form.
When any official defalcation or will
! ful neglect of duty or official miscon
i duct shall come to his knowledge, he
shall suspend the delinquent officer or
; person from office pending an official in
: vestigation.
The Mayor shall from time to time
i recommend to the proper officers of
j the different departments such meas
1 ures as he may deem beneficial to pub-
I lie interest. He shall see that the laws
I of thft State and ordinances of the City
j and County are observed and enforced.
! He shall have a general supervision
'• over all the departments and public
I institutions of the City and County,
1 and see that they are honestly, eco
! nomlcally and lawfully conducted, and
' shall have the right to attend the meet
ings of any of the Boards provided for
' in this Charter, and offer suggestions
at such meetings. He shall take all
proper measures for the preservation
! of public order and the suppression of
i all riots and tumults, for which pur-
I pose he may use and command the.po
j lice force. If such police force is in
! sufficient, he shall call upon the Gov
! ernor for military aid in the manner
i provided by law, so that such riots or
! tumults may be promptly and effectu
i ally suppressed.
Sec. 31 The Mayor shall see that all
} contracts and agreements with the City
I and County are faithfully kept and
I fully performed. It shall be the duty
! of every officer and person in the em
ploy or service of the City and County,
when it shall come to his knowledge
that any contract or agreement with
the City and County, or with any offi
cer or department thereof, or relating
to the business of any office, has been
or is about to be violated by the other
contracting party, forthwith to report
to the Mayor all facts and information
within his possession concerning such
matter. A willful failure to do so shall
I be cause for the removal of such officer
ior employee. The Mayor shall give a
! certificate on demand to any person
| reporting such facts and information
j that he has done so, and such certifi
\ cate shall be evidence in exoneration
: from a charge of neglect of duty.
The Mayor must institute such ac
tions or proceedings as may be neces
! sary to revoke, cancel or annul allfran
i chises that may have been granted by
[the City and County to any person.com-
I pany or corporation which have been
i forfeited in whole or in part or which
for any reason are illegal and void and
not binding upon the city. The City
Attorney on demand of the Mayor
must institute and prosecute the neces
i sary actions to enforce the provisions
! of this section.
The Mayor shall have power to post
pone final action on any franchise that
may be passed by the Supervisors until
such proposed franchise shall be rati
fied or rejected by a majority of the
votes cast on the question at the next
election.
Sec. 4. The Mayor rhall appoint all
officers of the City and County whose
election or appointment Is not other
wise specially provided for In this
Charter or by law. When a vacancy
occurs in any office, and provision is
not otherwise made In this Charter or
by law for filling the same, the Mayor
shall appoint a suitable person to fill
such vacancy, who shall hold office for
the remainder of the unexpired term.
Sec. 5. The Mayor shall be President
of the Board of Supervisors by virtue
of his office. He may call extra ses
sions of the Board and shall commu
nicate to them in writing the objects
for which they have been convened;
and their acts at such sessions shall
be confined to such objects.
Sec. 6. When and so long as the
Mayor is temporarily unable to per
form his duties, a member of the Board
shall be chosen President pro tompore,
who shall act as such Mayor. When a
vacancy occurs in the office of Mayor,
it shall be filled for the unexpired term
by the Supervisors.
CHAPTEB XL
The Auditor.
SECTION 1. The head of the Finance
Department of the City and County
shall be designated the Auditor. He
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
must have been such for at least five
years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars. The Auditor must always know
the exact condition of the treasury and
every demand upon it. He shall be in
personal attendance at his office dally
during office hours. He shall be the
general accountant of the City and
County, and shall receive and preserve
in his office all accounts, books,
vouchers, documents and papers relat
ing to the accounts and contracts of
the City and County, its debts, reve
nues and other financial affairs. He
shall give information as to- the exact
condition of the treasury and of every
appropriation and fund thereof, upon
demand of the Mayor, the Supervisors,
or any committee or members thereof.
Sec. 2. The Auditor shall appoint a
Deputy Auditor, who shall possess the
qualifications required of the Auditor,
and who shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars. The
Auditor may also appoint two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars, and two clerks who shall each re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars. He may employ such
number of extra clerks during the time
their services may be necessary for the
lawful discharge of his official duties,
as the Board of Supervisors may des
ignate. Such extra clerks shall receive
a salary not to exceed one hundred dol
lars a month for the time they shall be
actually employed. The Auditor shall
be allowed to expend not exceeding
eighteen hundred dollars a year for
counsel and attorney's fees.
Sec. 3. The Auditor shall keep an ac
count of all moneys paid into and out
of the treasury, and the Treasurer shaU
pay no money out of the treasury ex
cept upon demands approved by the
Auditor. Any ordinance or lnw provid
ing for the payment of any demand out
of the treasury or any fund thereof
(whether from public funds or from pri
vate funds deposited therein) shall al
ways be construed as requiring the au
diting of such demand by the Auditor
before the same be paid.
Sec. 4.* He shall number and keep an
official record of all demands audited by
him, showing the number, date,
amount, name of the original holder,
on what account allowed, against what
appropriation drawn, out of what fund
payable, and, if previously approved
or allowed, by what officer, department
or board it has been so approved or al
lowed. It shall be misconduct in office
for the Auditor to deliver a demand
with his official approval until this re
quirement shall have been complied
with.
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall approve no
demand unless the same has been al
lowed by every officer, board, depart
ment and committee required to act
thereon.
Sec. 6. No demand shall be allowed
by the Auditor in favor of any corpora
tion or person in any manner indebted
to the City and County, except for
taxes not delinquent, without first de
ducting the amount of any indebted
ness of which he has notice; nor in fa
vor of any person having the collection,
custody or disbursement of public
funds, unless his account has been pre
sented, passed, approved and allowed
as herein required; nor In favor of any
officer who has neglected to make his
I official returns or reports in the man
j ncr and at the time required by law,
j ordinance, or the regulations of the Su
pervisors; nor in favor of any officer
who has neglected or refused to
comply with any of the provisions of
law regulating his duties, nor in favor
; of any officer or employee for the time
; he shall have absented himself without
legal cause from the duties of his office
i during office hours. The Auditor must
always examine on oath any person re
; ceiving a salary from the City and
! County touching. such absence.
The Auditor may require any person
! presenting for settlement an account or
■ claim for any cause against the City
■ and County to be sworn before him
i touching such account or claim, and
when so sworn, to answer orally as to
j any facts relative to the justice of such
! account or claim. Moneys placed in
' the Special Deposit Fund shall not be
; subject to the provisions of this sec
! tion.
Sec. 7. Every demand upon the
Treasurer, except the salary of the Au
ditor, must, before it can be paid, be
presented to the Auditor, who shall sat
isfy himself whether the money is le
gally due, and its payment authorized
by law, and against what appropriation
payable and out of what fund it is pay
able. If he allow.it, he shall endorse
upon it the word "Allowed," with the
name of the fund out of which it is
payable, and the date of such allow
ance, and sign his name thereto. No
demand shall be approved, allowed, au
dited or paid unless it specify each spe
cial item, date and amount composing
it, and refer by chapter and section to
the provisions of this Charter authoriz
ing the same.
Sec. 8. The Auditor shall keep a reg
ister of warrants, showing the funds
upon which they are drawn, the num
ber, in whose favor, for what service,
the appropriation applicable to the pay
ment thereof, when the liability ac
crued, and a receipt from the person
to whom the warrant is delivered. He
shall not allow any demand out of its
order, nor give priority to one demand
over another drawn upon the same spe
cific fund, except for the purpose of de
termining its legality.
CHAPTEB IIL
The Treasurer.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Treas
urer of the City and County, who shall
be an elector of the City and County
at the time of his election and who must
have been such for at least five years
next preceding such time. He shall
be elected by the people, and hold his
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may ap
point a chief deputy who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars, two assistant deputies
who shall each receive an annual sal
ary of eighteen hundred dollars and
one clerk who shall receive an annual
salary of twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Treasurer shall receive
and safely keep all moneys which shall
be paid into the treasury. He shall- not
lend, exchange, use, nor deposit the
same, or any part thereof, to or with
any bank, banker or person; nor pay
out any part of such moneys, nor allow
the same to pass out of his personal
custody, except upon demands author
ized by law or this Charter, and after
they shall have been approved by the
Auditor. At the close of business each
day he shall take an account of and en
ter in the proper book the exact amount
of money on hand. At the end of every
month he shall make and file with the
Mayor and publish quarterly in the offi
cial newspaper a statement of the con
dition of the treasury, showing the
amount of receipts Into and pay
ments from the treasury, and
on what account, and out of
what fund. If he violate any of the
provisions of this section, he shall be
guilty of misconduct in office, and be
liable to removal therefrom, and be pro
ceeded against accordingly.
He shall keep the accounts belonging
to each fund separate and distinct, and
shall in no case pay demands chargea
ble against one fund out of moneys be
longing to another. He shall be in per
sonal attendance at his office each day
during office hours. No fees of any
kind shall be retained by him, but the
same, from whatsoever source received
or derived, shall be paid by him into
the treasury.
Sec. 3. For the better security of the
moneys in the treasury, there, shall be
provided a joint custody safe in which
shall be kept the moneys of the City
and County. Said safe shall have two
combination locks, neither one of
which alone will open the safe. The
Treasurer shall have the knowledge
of one combination and the Auditor of
the other. The Auditor shall be joint
custodian with the Treasurer of all
funds in the joint custody safe: but
shall have no control over them except
to open and close the safe in conjunc
tion with the Treasurer, when request
ed to do so in his official capacity, and
shall not be held responsible on his of
cial bond for any shortage which may
occur in the treasury.
The gold shall be kept In bags con
taining twenty thousand dollars each,
and the silver in bags containing one
thousand dollars each. To each bag
shall be attached a tag showing the
nature and amount of coin contained
herein. Each bag shall be sealed with
the seal of each custodian.
There shall be kept in the safe a Joint
custody book, showing the amount and
description of all funds in the safe,
and whenever any amounts are with
drawn, the Auditor and Treasurer shall
make the proper entry in the joint cus
tody book and initial the same. If on
account of sickness or urgent necessity
the Auditor •- unavoidably absent the
Deputy Auditor shall perform his du
ties. The estimated amount of money
required daily for the payment $f de
mands against the treasury shall be
taken from the joint custody safe and
kept in another safe; and the money
therein shall be balanced dally at the
close of business hours.
Sec. 4. The Treasurer, on receiving
any money into the treasury, shall
make out and sign two receints for the
money. Such receipts shall be alike,
except upon the face of one of them
shall appear th<> word "Original," and
upon the face of the other shall appear
the word "Duplicate." Such receipts
shall be numbered and dated, and shall
specify the amount, on what account
and from what person or officer re
ceived, and into what fund or on what
.account paid. The Treasurer shall en
ter upon the stubs of such receipts a
memorarrtum of the contents thereof,
and deliver the receipt marked "Orig
inal" to the person or officer paying
such money Into the treasury, and
forthwith deliver the receipt marked
"Duplicate" to the Auditor, who shall
write upon its face the date of its de
livery to him, and charge the Treas
urer with the amount specified there
in, and file the receipt in his office.
See. 5. No demand shall be paid by
the Treasurer unless it specify each
several item, date and amount compos
ing it, and refer by title, date and
section to the law, or ordinance or pro
vision of this Charter authorizing the
same; but the allowance or approval of
the Auditor, or of the Supervisors, or
of any department, board or officer, of
any demand whi<->h is not authorized
by law or this Charter, and which upon
Its face appears not to have been ex
pressly made payable out of the funds
to be charged therewith, shall afford no
warrant to the Treasurer for paying
the same.
Sec. 6. Every lawful demand upon
the treasury, audited and allowed as in
this Charter required, shall in all cases
be naid unon presentation, if there be
sufficient money in the treasury ap
plicable to the payment of such de
mand, and on --"ment canceled with
a punch, cutting the word "Cancr-Wi"
therein, and the proper entry thereof
made. If, however, there be not suffi
cient money so applicable, then it shall
be registered In a book kept for that
purpose by the Treasurer. Such regis
ter shall show the special number sriven
by the Supervisors or other authority,
and also by the Auditor to each de
mand presented, also when presented,
the date, amount, name of orierlnal
holder, and on what account allowed
and against what appropriation drawn
and out of what specific fund payable.
All demands shall be paid in the order
of their registration. Each demand
upon being so registered shall be re
turned to the party presenting it, with
the endorsement of the word "Register
ed," and dated and signed by the
Treasurer; but the registration of any
demand shall not operate to recognize
or make valid such demand if incurred
contrary to any of the provisions of
this Charter.
CHAPTEB IV. ijgiftj
The Assessor.
SECTION 1. There shall be an As
sessor of the City and County, who
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for four years. He shaJl receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may ap
point a chief deputy who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars; one cashier who shall re
ceive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars; six assistant deputlea
who shall each receive an annual sal
ary c-f eighteen hundred dollars; twen
ty-one clerks who shall each receive
an annual salary of twelve hundred
dollars; and during four months of the
year not more than one hundred clerks
who shall each be paid at the rate of
not more than one hundred dollars a
month during the time of their employ
ment.
Sec. 2. The Assessor shall assess all
taxable property within the City and
County at the time and in the manner
prescribed by the general laws of the
State.
CHAPTER V. 'R tf£ tf ) :
The Tax Collector.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Tax
Collector of the City and County, who
Bhall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding such time. He
i shall be elected by the people and hold
: office for two years. He shall receive
i an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may appoint
one chief deputy, who shall receive an
annual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars; one cashier who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars; fifteen deputies who shall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars, and extra clerks who
i shall each be paid at the rate of not
more than one hundred dollars a
| month during the time of their em
; ployment, but the total amount of
I payment for such extra clerks shall
not exceed thirty-six thousand dollars
j a year.
Sec. 2. The Tax Collector must col-
I lect all licenses which may at any time
; be required by law or ordinance to be
! collected within the City and County.
He shall be charged with all taxes lev
; iod upon real and personal property
uithin the City and County, upon the
final settlement to be made by him ac
i cording to law, or this Charter. He
; shall pay into the treasury, without
any deduction for commissions, fees or
: charges of any kind or on any ac«
I count, the full amount of all taxes, as
j sessments and moneys received by him.
i and not previously paid over, includ
; ing all moneys paid under protest, and
| money received for taxes paid more
than once, and for street assessments.
He shall also be charged with, and ba
debtor to the City and County for, the
: full amount of all taxes due upon the
i delinquent tax list delivered to him for
collection, unless it appear to the satis
! faction of the Supervisors expressed by
. resolution, that it was out of his power
to collect the same by levy and sale of
property liable to be seized and sold
| therefor.
Sec. 3. The Tax Collector may ap
point an attorney to prosecute actions
for the collection of delinquent taxes,
and may agree on paying him as com
pensation therefor a stated percentage
out of the amounts recovered; but such
percentage shall in no case exceed fif
teen per centum of the amounts re
covered.
Sec. 4. He shall examine all persons
liable to pay licenses, and see that
licenses are taken out and paid for. In
the performance of their official duties,
he and his deputies shall have the
same powers as police officers in serv
ing process and in making arrests. He
may demand the exhibition of any
license for the current term from any
person, firm or corporation eng-aged or
employed in the transaction of any
business for which a license Is re
quired; and if such person, firm or
corporation shall refuse or neglect to
exhibit such license, the same may be
revoked forthwith by the Tax Collec
tor.
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall from tlm«
to time deliver to the Tax Collector
such City and County licenses as may
be required, and sign the same and
charge them to the Tax Collector, spec
ifying in the charge the amount*
thereof named In such licenses respec
tively and the class of licenses, and
take receipts therefor, and the Tax
Collector shall sign and collect the
same. The Tax Collector shall once In.
every month, and oftener when re
quired by the Auditor, make to the
Auditor a report under oath of all
licenses sold and on hand, and of all'
amounts paid to the Treasurer, and
shall also In that regard comply with,
the regulations which may be pre
scribed by the Supervisors. At the time
of making such report, the Tax Collec
tor shall exhibit to the Auditor all
licenses on hand and the Treasurer's
receipts for all moneys paid into the
treasury.
CHAPTER VI. / /
The Coroiier.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Coro
ner of the City and County.who shall be
an elector of the City and County at
the time of his election, and who must
have been such for at least five years
irext preceding such election. He shall
be elected by the people and hold office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of four thousand dollars.
He shall perform such duties as may
be prescribed by law or ordinance. He
shall have the control and manage
• ment of the Morgue of the City and
County under such ordinances as the
Supervisors may adopt.
Pec. 2. He may appoint an autopsy
physician who shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars;
a chi f deputy, who shall receive an an
nual alary of twenty-four hundred dol
lars; three assistant deputies whoshall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars; a stenographer and
typewriter who shall receive an annual
salary of eighteen hundred dollars; and
a messenger who shall receive an an
nual salary of nine hundred dollars.
CHAPTER VII.
The Recorder.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Re
corder of the City and County,
who shall be an elector of the
City and County at the time of
his election and who must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such election. He shall ba
elected by the pc >ple and hoid office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of thirty-six hundred dol
lars. He may appoint a Chief Deputy,
who shall receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars; two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an
annual salary of fif^en hundred dol
lars. He may also appoint as many
copyists as he may deem necessary,
who shall receive not more than eight
cents for each one hundred words ac
tually written; but no copyist shall be
paid a greater compensatioj at this
rate than amounts in the aggregate to
one hundred dollars a month.
Sec. 2. The Recorder shall take IntohJs custody and safely keep all books,
records, maps ar.d papers ueposited in
his oftlco. Upon demand and payment
of the fees prescribed therefor by law
or by ordinance, he must furnish to
any one applying therefor a copy of
any such bo< k. record, map paper.
certified under the hand and of his
office When any papers are presented
for filing or recording, he or his depu
ties shall write on the margin of each
paper so presented the number of folios,
the amount pa^ for recording the
same, ar.d shau number consecutively
all instruments and documents filed in
his office. He shall also perform all
other duties at the time and in the
manner prescribed by the general laws
of the State.
ARTICLE V.
LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Superior Court Judges.
SECTION 1. The Ji:-!ges of the Su
perior Court of the City an- County
may appoint not to exceed five inter
preters of foreign languages, who shall
act as such interpreters in criminal ac
tions ann proceedings in all the courts
In the City ar.d County, and in exam
inations before Coroner** juries.
Sec. 2. The stenographers in the
Criminal Departments of the Superior
Court shall ea-h receive an annual
salary not exceeding twenty-four hun
dred doiiars which shall be in full
compensation for all services Including
transcription and all stationery used
by them.
CHAPTE3 IL
The City Attorney.
SECTION 1. There shall be an Attor
ney and Counselor of the City and
County, who shall be styied City At
torney, and v. -o shall receive an an
nual salary of rive thousand dollars.
He shall be elected by the people and
fha-1 hold office for the period of two
years. He most be ~t the time of his
election an elector of the City and
County and qualified to practice in all
the courts or this and he must
have been so quahned for at least ten
years next r^ev^-aing his election, dur
ing five years of which he must have
been an actual resident of the City and
County. He sha.. devote his entire time
and attention to the duties oi his office.
Sec. .. Ko must prosecute and de
fend for the City and County all ac
tions at law or in equity, and all spe
cial proceedings for or against th.c ' ■- :•"
and County; and whenever any cause
of action at law or in equity or by spe
cial proceedin - exists in favor of the
City and County, hr shall commence
the same when within his knowledge,
and if not within his knowledge, when
directed to do so by resolution of the
Supervisors. He shall give legal ad
vice, in writing, to all officers, boards
and commissions named in this Char
ter, when requested so to do by them,
or either of them, in writing, upon
questions arising in their separate de
partments involving the rights or lia
s of the Cit- ar.d County. He
shall not settle or dismiss any litiga
tion for or against the City and* Counts
under his control unless upon his writ-
ten recommendation he is ordered to
do so b- the Mayor and Supervisors.
Sec. 3. He shall keep on file in his
office all written communications and
opinions given by him to any officer,
board or department; the briefs and I
transcripts used in causes wherein he |
appears: and bound books of record
and registry of all actions or proceed-
In^ in his charge in which the City
and County is interested.
Sec 4. He chall deliver all books
and records, reports, documents, pa
pers, statutes, law books and property
of every description in his possession,
belonging to his office, or to the City
and County", to his successor in office,
who shall "Ive him duplicate receipts
therefor, one of which he shall file
with the Auditor.
Sec. 5. The City Attorney may ap
point four assistants, the first of whom
shall receive an annual salary of
thirty-six hundred dollars; the second
an annual salary of three thousand
dollars: the third an annual salary of
twenty-four hundred dollars, and the
fourth an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. He may also appoint
a chief clerk, wh , shall receive an an
nual salary of eighteen hundred dol
lars; an assistant clerk who shall re- !
ceive an annual salary of nine hundred
dollars: a stenographer and typewriter
who shall receive an annual salary of
nine hundred dollars; and a messen
ger who shall receive an annual salary
of nine hundred dollars. An officer of
the Police Department shall be perma
nently detailed by the Chief of Police
for the purpose of doing: the -detective
work necessary in preparing and
prosecuting the migration of the "office.
who shall continue to serve on such de
tail durine the pleasure of the City At
torney. The assistants and the chief
clerk must each, at the time of his ap
pointment, be qualified to practice in
all the courts of this State, and must
have been =^ aualified at least two
years next preceding his appointment.
The assistants, clerks, typewriter and
messenger shall be appointed by th«»
City Attorney, and shall hold their
offices at his pleasure, and the specific
duties of each shall be prescribed by
him.
CHAPTEB HI.
The District Attorney.
SECTION 1. The District Attorney
shall be elected by the people and shall
hold office for two years. He shall be
an elector of the City and County and
must at the time of his election be
Qualified to pracrfce in all the courts
of this State, ar.d must have been so
qualified for l 4 least five years next
preceding his election. He rhall re
ceive an annual salary of five thou
sand dollars.
Sec 2. The District Attorney shall
have all the powers conferred and
shall discharge all the duties imposed
upon, the District Attorneys of coun
ties by the peneral laws of this State
and in addition thereto shall attend. In
stitute and conduct on behalf of the
people, all prosecutions cognizable in
the Police Court of the City and
County. .He shall draw all complaints
and warrants in said Police Court
prosecute all forfeited recognizances
therein, and all actions for the recovery
of fines. penalties, and forfeitures ac
cruing to the City and County: deliver
receipts for money or property received
In his official capacity, and file dupli
cates therefor with the County Treas
urer: file with the Auditor on the first
Mondays of January. April. July and
October In each year, an itemized
statement under oath showing all
moneys received by him In his official
capacity durir- the preceding three
months: keep a. register of his official
business in which must he entered a
note of every action, whether criminal
or civil. Prosecuted officially by him
end of the proce«*dintrs therein: and
give. when required, without fee ad
vice to the Board of Police Commis
sioners, the Chief of Police, the Board
of Health and the Coroner, upn n mat
ters relating to the duties of their re
spective offices.
. Sec. 3. He may appoint seven Assist
ant District Attorneys to aid him in the
discharge of his official duties, three of
whom shall act as prosecutors in the
Superior Court, ar.d ph^ll eseh receive
an annual salary, of thirty-?!:? hundred
dollars, and four of whom shall set as
the. prosecuting attorneys of the Police
Court, and shall each receive an annual
-salary of twenty- four hundred dollars.
When any of the assistants of the Dis
trict Attorney acting as such prosecut
ing, attorneys in the Police Court are
not actually engaged In work connected
■with prosecutions therein, they shall be
nt the call of the .District Attorney for
any senMce connected with' his depart
ment. The assistants must each. »»t the
time of his appointment, be aualined to
practice in all the courts of this State,
and must have been so qualified for at
least two ye» next preceding his ap
pointment. The District Attorney may
also appoint one chief clerk, who shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars; one assistant clerk,
who shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars; and one sten
ographer ar.d typewriter who shall re
ceive an annual salary of nine hundred
dollars.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney may. In
the name of the City and County, bid
for and purchase property at execution
sales under Judgments for the recovery
of fines, penalties or forfeitures accru
ing to the Cltv and County.
CHAPTEB' IV.
The Public Administrator.
SECTION 1. The Public Administra
tor shall be elected by the people, and
he shall hold office for two years. He
shall have all the powers conferred, and
shall discharge all the duties imposed
upon, the Public Administrators of
counties by the genera! laws of this
State, except as in this Charter other
wise ppecifically provided. He shall be
entitled to all such fees as may be al
lowed by law to the Public Administra
tors of the counties of the State in full
compensation for all his services.
CHAPTEB V.
The County Clerk.
SECTION 1. The County Clerk shall
be elected by the people and shall hold
office for two years. He shall have all
the powers conferred, and shall dis
charge all the duties imposed upon, the,
County Clerks of counties by the gen
eral laws of this State, and in addition
thereto shall attend and act as Clerk of
the Police Court, keep the dockets and
registers thereof, and take charge of
and safely keep all books, papers and
records which may be filed or deposited
in his office pertaining to the Police
Court. He shall receive an annual sal
ary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. To aid him in the discharge of
his official duties, the County Clerk
may appoint a Chief Register Clerk,
who shall receive an annual salary of
twenty-four hundred dollars; a Cash
ier, who shall receive an annual salary
of eighteen hundred dollars; twelve
Courtroom Clerks for the Superior
Court who shall each receive an an
nual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars: five " Register Clerks, who shall
each receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars: ten As
sistant Register Clerks, who shall
each receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars; sixteen Copy
ists, who shall each receive an annual
salary of twelve hundred dollars; and
four Clerks for the Police Court, who
shall each receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. For copies of papers furnish
ed and certified by him. he shall charge
not more than eight cents for each one
hundred words. For certifying copies,
which axe not prepared by him. he
shall be entitled to charge twenty-five
cents, and also forty cents an hour for
the time exceeding one hour necessarily
occupied in comparing such copies. He
must certify all papers presented to
him which are copies of any document,
paper or record, or portions thereof, In
his custody.
CHAPTER VL
The Sheriff.
SECTION* 1. The Sheriff shall be ,
d by the people, and he shall hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of eight thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all official services required of
him by law; but said salary shall be
exclusive of the compensation received
by him from the State for the delivery
of prisoners to the State prisons, and
insane persons to the State asylums for '
the insane. He shall have all the pow
ers conferred, and shall discharge all
the duties imposed upon, the Sheriffs
of counties by the general laws of this
State.
Sec. 2. He may appoint the follow
ing deputies and employees, who shall
each respectively receive the following
annual salaries:
One Under Sheriff, twenty-four hun
dred dollars; one Attorney, eighteen
hundred dollars; one Chief Bookkeeper, j
e;chteen hundred dollars; two Assistant
Bookkeepers, fifteen hundred dollars;
ten Office Deputies, fifteen hundred dol
lars: fourteen Bailiffs, twelve hundred
dollars; one Chief Jailer at Branch Jail
Number One. eighteen hundred dollars;
ten Jailers at Branch Jail Number One,
twelve hundred dollars; one Superin- ;
tendent of Branch Jails Numbers Two i
and Three, eighteen hundred dollars;
sixteen Guards at Branch Jail Number
Two. six hundred dollars: one Matron
at Branch Jail Number Three, nine
hundred dc-ilars: six Guards at Branch
Jail Number Three, six hundred dol
lars; one Commissary to act for all
jails, fifteen hundred dollars; one
Driver of Van. nine hundred dollars;
and one Bookkeeper, for all said Branch
Jails, fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Sheriff may designate the
services to be performed by his depu
ties,
CHAPTES VIL
The Justices' Courts.
SECTION 1. The Justices of the
Peace shall each receive an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars,
except the Presiding Justice, who shall
: receive an annual salary' of twenty
seven hundred dollars. They shall ap
i point a Chief Clerk who shall hold
■ office for two years and receive an an
nual salary of twenty-four hundred
; dollars. The Chief Clerk may appoint
five Deputies, each of whom shall re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun-
I dred dollars.
CHAPTEB VHL
The Police Court.
SECTION 1. There is hereby created
arid established in and for the City and
County of San Francisco a Court to be
known as the Police Court of the City !
and County of San Francisco. Said {
Court shall consist of four Judges, who ;
shall be elected by the people and hold I
office for four years. They shall each j
receive an annual salary of thirty-six j
hundred dollars. They shall be electors I
of the City and County at the time of ;
their election, and must have been such j
for at least five years next preceding t
such time. No person shall be eligible I
to the office of Judge of the Police
Court who is not at the time of his elec
tion qualified to practice in all the j
Courts of this State, and who has not
been so qualified for at least five years
next preceding his election. The Court
shall be divided into departments
known as Department Number One,
Department Number Two, Depart
ment Number Three and Department
Number Four. The Judges of such j
Court may hold as many sessions of the I
Court at the same time as there are
Judges thereof. The Judges who shall
be elected at the first election under
this Charter shall so classify them
selves by lot that two of themshall go
out of office in two years and two of
them in four years.
They shall choose from their number a I
Presiding Judge who shall serve for one
year. The Presiding Judge shall as
sign the Judges to their respective de
partments; but any of the Judges may
preside in any of the departments in
the absence or inability of the Judge
regularly assigned thereto.
The Judgments, orders and proceed
ings of any session of the Court held by
any one or more of the Judges shall be
equally effectual as if all the Judges
had presided at such session.
Sec. 2. The Police Court of the City
and County of San Francisco shall
• have:
First— Exclusive jurisdiction of all
; prosecutions for the violation of or
dinances of the Board of Supervisors.
Second — Concurrent jurisdiction with
the Superior Court of all other misde
i meanors and of the examination of all
; felonies committed in the City and
County.
Third— Said Court, or any Judge
thereof, shall have the same powers In
all criminal actions, cases, examina
i tions and proceedings as are now or
CHARTER FOR THE CITY A^D COrNTY OF SAX FRANCISCO.
may hereafter be conferred by law
upon Justices cf the Peace.
Sec. 3. Proceedings in said Court
shall be conducted in accordance with
the laws of this State regulating pro
ceedings in Justices' and Police Courts
and appeals to the Superior Court; and
said Court or any Judge thereof shall
have the same power in all criminal
actions, cases and proceedings as are
now or may be hereafter conferred by
the general law of this State upon Jus
tices of the Peace; provided, that:
First— No case shall be dismissed or
fine imposed until the testimony for the
prosecution shall be taken.
Second — Any defendant who neglects
to file his statement on appeal within
ten days after sentence shall lose his
right to appeal, unless good cause for
the delay be shown by affidavit. Press
of business on the part of defendant's
attorney shall not be deemed good
cause for delay. Unless tha District
Attorney shall file amendments to the
proposed statement on appeal within
five days after the same shall have
been filed and served, the proposed
statement on anpeal shall be the state
ment on appeal. The Judge before
whom the case was tried shall settle
the statement on appeal within five
days after the District Attorney shall
have filed his amendments to the pro
posed statement.
Third — Any person who shall solicit
or importune any of said Judges, either
before or after judgment, to dismiss a
case, or mitigate a sentence, unless the
same be done in open court, shall be
guilty of a contempt of court.
Fourth — A complaint may be demur
red to on the ground that it does not
set forth the offense charged with such
particularities of time, place, person
and property as to enable the defend
ant to understand distinctly the char
acter of the offense complained of, and
the complaint may be amended by per
mission of the Court after a demurrer
is sustained.
Fifth— A defendant In custody shall
have the right to be tried before a de
fendant on bail, and felonies shall be
heard before misdemeanors.
Sixth — The Judges of said Court shall
try all cases as speedily as possib'e,
and must refuse continuances after the
first calling of a case for trial except
upon affidavit showing good cause
therefor.
Seventh— Other than lawfully author
ized surety companies, no person shall I
be eligible to be a bondsman for any ,
defendant on trial in the Police Court,
cr on appeal from a judgment therein,
except he take an oath that the prop
erty specified in the undertaking is in
the City and County of San Francisco,
and that he is worth the amount spe
cified exclusive of property exempt
from execution, and exclusive of all de
mands for which he may become liable
by reason of the forfeiture of any ap
peal or bail bonds for which he is
surety.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney, either
in person or by his Assistants, must be
present at the sessions of the Court and
attend to the prosecution of all cases
coming before it. and make out all
complaints and warrants for the arrest
of persons charged with crime to be
prosecuted in said court.
Sec. 5. The District Attorney shall
appoint a "Warrant and Bond Clerk
who shall receive a salary* of twenty
four hundred dollars a year, and three
Assistant Warrant and Bond Clerks,
each of whom shall receive a salary of
fifteen hundred dollars a year. No
person shall be appointed a Warrant
and Bond Clerk who is not at the time
of his appointment qualified to practice
In all the Courts of this State. The
Warrant and Bond Clerk shall keep his
offce open continuously night and day
tor the transaction of business; shall
dra-w complaints in actions in the Po
lice Court, and approve the same with
his written signature; shall have the
ci'j-tody of all bail bonds and appeal
bonds "taken in the Police Court: shall
examine the sufficiency of every bail
bond and appeal bond taken in the Po
lice Court and make a return thereon,
within forty-eight hours after such
bond shall have come into his posses
sion, in the following: form:
"I Warrant and Bond
Clerk of the City and County of San
Francisco, have examined the within
bond and find it good In law. I have
examined the records of the City and
County of San Francisco, and find the
property, its owners and incumbrances
herein described, to be correct accord
ing to said records. (Signed
Warrant and Bond Clerk.V
The Warrant and Bond Clerk shall
endorse upon the bond the time when
it was issued by him. or when it came
into his possession. He may issue bail
bonds and appeal bonds wh^n th? lia
bility thereof does not exceed two thou
sand dollars, and order the discharge
from custody of the person? for whom
the bonds ar^ issued; and he may take
cash bail to the extent in any one case
of one thousand dollars. He must ac
count for and pay to the Treasurer all
moneys received as bail in the manner
that the County Clerk is required by
law to account for and pay moneys re
ceived as fees. No clerk of the Police
Court shall ever take bail or order the
release of any one charged with an of
fense.
Sec. 6. In the matter of fixing hail
and ordering the release of prisoners
the Warrant and Bond Clerk shall be
subject to the Judges of the Police
Court, and any violation of a valid
order of any of said Judges shall be a
contempt of Court.
Sec. 7. For any failure to keep the
office of the Warrant and Bond Clerk
open continuously he shall be imme
diately removed from office by the Dis
trict Attorney or by the Mayor.
Sec. ?. It shall be a misdemeanor for
any person other than a Judge of some
Court in the City and County, or other
than said "Warrant and Bond Clerk, to
receive bail money for defendants or to
order their discharge.
Sec. 9. All demurrers to complaints,
notices of motion, statements and bills
of exception on appeal to the Superior
Court, must be served upon the Assist
ant District Attorney acting in the De
partment of the Court in which the
case is set for hearing, or heard or
tried.
Sec. 10. The County Clerk shall be the
! Clerk of the Police Court, and he must
: be present either in person or by deputy
} at all sessions of the Court In the de
| partments thereof; call the daily calen
dar of the departments, and keep full
and complete records of all cases In the
i Court and the disposition made thereof
j by the Court.
Sec. 11. The Police Judges may ap
point not more than two competent
stenographers who shall attend the
sessions of the Court and take notes
of al! preliminary examinations made
at the sessions, and transcribe into
type-written long hand all evidence
! taken by either of them where the par
ties charged have been held for trial,
and deliver one copy of the same to the
Clerk and one copy to the District At
torney. Each of such stenographers
shall be paid for all his services. In
cluding transcription and All sta-
I tionery used by him, an annual salary
I of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 12. The Mayor may in writing ap
point any Justice of the Peace to act as
Judge of the Police Court, or any de
partment thereof, during the tempor
ary absence or inability of the Judge to
act.
Sec. 13. The Chief of Police shall
cause to he made out and delivered to
each of the Clerks of the Court ar or
before nine o'clock in the forenoon of
each day a calendar of arrests in
which the cases shall have been as
signed to the departments of the Court
in accordance with the rules and regu
lations established by the Police
Judges. The calendar shall state "the
offense charged;" whether the defend
ant is "in custody" or "on bail;" "the
amount of bail;" "whether cash or
bond." and "the name of the arresting
officer."
Sec. 14. The Chief of Police shall ap
point one or more Police Officers to at
tend the sessions of the Police Court
In each department thereof to pre
serve order and execute the orders of
the Court.
Bee. 15. The Police Judges shall
adopt all necessary rules and regula
tions for conducting the business of
the Court.
Sec. 16. Xo attorney shall appear in
said Court to prosecute or defend per
sons charged with offenses unless at
the time of his appearance he be quali
fied to practice law in ail the courts of
this State.
See 17. The term of office of the Po
lice Judges elected at the general elec
tion held in the year eighteen hundred
and ninety-eight shall terminate at the
hour of noon on the fir-t Monday after
the first day of January in the year
nineteen hundred, and they shall at
said time be succeeded by the Police
Judges provided for in this Chapter;
and all proceedings pending in said Court
shall be transferred to the Police Court
created under this Charter, and the
Judges elected as herein provided shall
have and obtain jurisdiction of the
same.
CHAPTER IX.
The San Francisco Law Library.
SECTIOX 1. The Supervisors must
; provide, fit up and furnish, with fuel,
lights, stationery, and all necessary
conveniences, attendants and care,
I rooms convenient and accessible to the
judges and officers of the courts and of
the municipal government sufficient for
the use and accommodation of the San
Francisco Law Library, established
; under an Act of the Legislature of this
! State entitled: "An Act to provide for
increasing* the Law Library of the cor
poration known as the San Francisco
Law Library, and to secure the use of
the same to the Courts held at San
Francisco, the Bar, the City and Coun
ty Government and the People of the
City and County of San Francisco," ap
proved March 9th. ISTO. The Supervis
ors must appropriate, allow, and order
paid out of the proper fund such sums
as may be necessary for the purposes
aforesaid; and all sums lawfully ap
propriated and expended pursuant
hereto shall be paid out of the proper
fund on demands duly audited, in the
mode prescribed by this Charter for
auditing other demands upon the treas
ury. The County Clerk must pay
monthly to the Treasurer of the San
Francisco Law Library such moneys as
he shall collect under the Act referred
to for the benefit of said Law Library.
ARTICLE VI.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
WORKS.
CHAPTER L
The Board of Public Works.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Depart-
I ment of Public Works under the man
agement of three Commissioners who
shall constitute the Board of Public
Works, and who shall give all their
time during official business hours to
the duties of their office. The members
, of said Board shall be appointed by the
Mayor. Of those first appointed he
shall appoint one for one year, one for
two years, and one for three years.
Each year thereafter he shall appoint
for three years one person as the suc
cessor of the Commissioner whose term
of office expires in that year. All such
appointments shall be so made that not
more than one member shall at any
one time belong to the same political
party. No person shall be eligible for
appointment as such Commissioner un
less he is, and has been for at least five
years next preceding his appointment,
' an elector of the City and County. Each
of said Commissioners shall receive an
annual salary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. Of the Commissioners first
appointed under this Charter, one shall
be designated by the Mayor to serve
as President for one year. All subse
, quent Presidents of the Board shall be
elected by the members thereof for
terms to be fixed by said board. The
', President of the Board shall in each
case hold office until his successor has
been elected or until his membership
on the Board expires.
Sec. 3. The Board may appoint a
Secretary who shall receive an annual
salary of eighteen hundred dollars. The
Board may employ such clerks, super
intendents, inspectors, engineers, sur
, veyors, deputies, architects and work- ;
men as shall be necessary to a proper '■
discharge of their duties under this Ar
ticle, and fix their compensation; but.
no compensation to any of said persons
shall be greater than is paid in the
case of similar employments.
Sec. 4. The Board shall establish all
. necessary rules and regulations for its
government, and for the performance
of its duties, and for the regulation and
conduct of its officers and employes:
and shall require adequate bonds from
its officers and employes, except labor
ers, for the faithful performance of all
. their duties in such sums as may be 1
• fixed by the Supervisors. Said bonds
shall be approved by the Mayor and
shall be filed in the office of the Audi- ;
tor.
Sec. 5. The Board shall hold regular I
meetings at least once each week at a
place and time to be fixed by resolution ;
entered on its minutes. No changes in ;
place or time of regular meetings shall j
be made without a resolution passed at ■
least two weeks before the time the j
; change is to go Into effect Such spe
. cial meetings may be held as the Com
missioners may "deem necessary after r
i notice of the same has been posted ten '
• hours before the time of holding any ,
' such meeting. All meetings shall be
public. No business shall be transacted
at an adjourned meeting except such as ;
may have been under, or proposed for, ;
consideration at the meeting from I
j which the adjournment was had. No !
; business shall be transacted at a spe- ;
cial meeting except that which is named ;
in the notice of said meeting. Special i
; meetings may be called by any member ;
■of the Board. In every case where a !
' power is exercised under this Article j
j by the Board the vote thereon shall be
, taken by ayes and noes.
Sec. 6. The Board shall keep and i
preserve a record of all its proceedings, '.
and copies of all plans, specifications,
reports, contracts, estimates, certifi
cates, receipts, surveys, field notes,
maps, plats, profiles, and of all papers j
pertaining to the transactions of the i
Board. The Secretary of the Board j
shall keep a record of all its transac- |
tions, specifying therein the names of
the Commissioners present at all the
! meetings, and giving the ayes and noes
I upon ail votes. The Secretary shall
post and publish all orders, resolu
tions and notices as required in this j
Chapter or which the Board shall order |
to be posted or published. He shall
perform such other duties as may from
■ time to time be prescribed by the
j Board.
Sec. 7. The Board shall be the suc
| cessor in office and shall have all the
i powers and perform all the duties of
; the Superintendent of Streets. High
; ways and Squares, of the New City
! Hall Commissioners, and of the Com- !
missions in existence at the time this
' Charter goes Into effect for the open- '
i ing, extending, widening, narrowing. I
straightening, closing or changing the j
grades of streets in the City and Coun- I
ty.
Sec. S. The Board shall immediatel>
! after its organization take possession
I and have the custody and control of all
i maps, plats, surveys, field notes, rec
| ords, plans, specifications, reports, con
tracts, models, machinery, instruments,
tools, appliances, contract rights, priv
ileges, books, documents and archives
and other property belonging to th»
City and County, or which may be of
value and importance to the City and
County, and heretofore kept by or in
the offices of the City and County Sur
veyor, the Superintendent of Public
Streets, Highways and Squares, the
Board of New City Hall Commission
ers, and all commissions in existence a»
the time this Charter goes into effect
! for the opening, extending, widening,
narrowing, straightening, closing or
i changing the grades of streets, and ail I
other business and works pertaining to
any of said offices or commissions.
Sec. 9. The Board of Public Works
shall have charge, superintendence and
control, under such ordinances as may
from time to time be adopted by the
Supervisors:
1. Of ail public ways, streets, ave
nues, lanes, alleys, places, courts,
roads, highways and boulevards now
opened or which may hereafter be
opened in the City and County; of the
manner of their use; and of all work
done upon, over or under the same; and
herein particularly the Board shall have
exclusive authority to prescribe rules
and grant permits, in conformity with
the ordinances of the Supervisors, for
the moving of buildings through th»
streets thereof, and the building or
placing of cellars or vaults under the
streets or sidewalks, and of temporary
fences enclosing areas upon the side
walks; the laying down and construc
tion of railroad tracks in the streets;
the erection of telegraph and telephone
poles, and poles for electric lighting,
and the laying under the surface of the
streets or sidewalks of telegraph or tele
phone wires, and wires for electric light
ing and power; the construction of
drains and sewers; the laying down and
taking up of gas, steam and water pipes,
pneumatic or other tubes or pipes, ana
sewers and drains, and determining the
location thereof; the using of the
street or any portion thereof for the
deposit of building material in front or
a building during its construction or
repair, or for any purpose other than
such as ordinarily and properly belongs
to the public from the dedication there
of to public use; and without such per
mission in writing from said r.oard no
person shall do any of the acts in this
section enumerated; but nothing in
this section shall be so construed as to
give said Board the power to gran*
permits for or allow the permanent en.
croachment upon any sidewalk of any
structure.
2. Of all sewers, drains and cess
pools, and of the work pertaining
| thereto or to the drainage of the City
' and County;
3. Of the cleaning and sprinkling of
aJI public streets, avenues, alleys,
places, courts, roads, highways and
boulevards, and the lighting of th*»
same and the lighting of the parks,
squares and other public places ana
public buildings;
4. Of the cleaning of all the publU
buildings of the City and County and
of the appointment of such janitors and
employees as are needed for such pur-
pose;
5. Of the supervision of any and all
building construction in the City and
County;
6. Of the construction of any and all
public buildings and structures, under
plans duly approved by the various de
partments, including all school houses
and fire-department buildings, and the
repair and maintenance of any and all
buildings and structures owned by the
City and County;
7. Of any and all wires and conduits,
the collection and disposal of street
refuse, garbage and sewage, and the
designing, construction and mainten
ance of the sewerage and drainage sys
tems of the City and County;
S. Of any and all public utilities
owned, controlled or operated by thft
City and County, or which may here
after be so owned, controlled or ope
rated.
9. When at any time any person,
company or corporation desires to have
opened or torn up the roadway of any
street, lane, alley, place or court in the
City and County for any purpose, a
written application shall be made to
the Board of Public Works for permis
sion to do so. The Board shall there
upon make an estimate o. the expense
of opening or tearing up such street,
lane, alley, place or court and of re
storing the same to as good a condition
as it was in before said opening or tear-
Ing up. Such person, company or cor
poration must thereupon deposit the
amount of such estimate with the
Board of Public Works which shall
thereupon pay the same into the Gene
ral Fund.
The Board shall thereupon proceed to
open or tear v- sa*d street, lane, alley,
place or court as in said application re
quested, and shall at the proper time
restore such street, lane, alley, place or
court to as good a condition as it was
in before said opening or tearing up.
Contracts for the doing of sucu work
by the Board may be let by it in the
manner provided in this Chapter, or
the work may, at the option of the
Board, be done oy days' labor.
If the expense of such work has been
more than the aforesaid estimate, the
person, company or corporation shall
be indebted to the City and County for
such balance; and the same shall con
stitute a lien upon the property of
such person, company or corporation.
Said lien shall remain in force until
such balance has been paid, or until
the lien shall be legally discharged.
Said lien may be enforced by suit
brought by the City and County in ac
cordance with the provisions of the
Code of Civil Procedure of the State of
California. If the expense of such
work has been Ie s than the aforesaid
estimate, then the surplus snail con
stitute a claim in favor of such person,
company or corporation, against the
City and County, and as such shall be
presented, approved and paid as other
claims.
Sec. 10. All examinations, plans and
estimates required by the Supervisors
in connection with any public improve
ments or utilities, shall be made by the
Board of Public Works and it shall,
when requested to do so, furnish infor
mation and data for the use of the Su
pervisors.
Sec. 11. Said Board shall appoint a
Civil Engineer of not less than five
years' practical experience as 6uch,
*svho shall be designated the City En
gineer. He shall hold his office at the
pleasure of the Board.
He shall perform all the civil engin
eering and surveying required in the
prosecution of the public works and
improvements done under the direction
and supervision of said Board, and
shall certify to the progress and com
pletion of the same, and do such other
surveying or other work as he may be
directed to do by said Board or by the
Supervisors. He shall possess the same
power in the City and County in mak
ing surveys, plats and certificates as
Is or may from time to time be given
by law to City Engineers and to Coun
ty Surveyors, and his official acts and
all plats, surveys and certificates made
by him shall have the same validity
and be of the same force and effect as
are or may be given by law to those
' of City Engineers and County Survey
ors. No street assessment shall be val
id without his certificate as to the
quantities and unless it be to the effect
that the work has been done to the of
ficial lines, elevations and grades.
Sec. 12. He shall serve the Board ex
clusively and shall not be engaged in
any other business -while he is in its
service. He shall receive no com
pensation except his salary. The
Board shall by resolution establish
fees and charges for the services
to be performed by the City En
i gineer for persons, companies and cor
porations, and may from time to time
; change and adjust the same. Said En
! gineer shall require such fees or
, charges to be paid in advance for any
I official act or service demanded of him
j and such moneys thus paid shall be
paid to the Treasurer and credited by
him to such fund or funds as said Board
may direct.
Sec. 13. The Board shall appoint the
necessary heads of departments under
its charge. Each such head shall have
the sole executive control in his own
department, subject to the rules and
regulations prescribed by the Board
Sec. 14. All public work authorized
by the Supervisors to be done under the
supervision of the Board of Public
Works shall, unless otherwise determin
ed by the Board of Public Works,
be done under written contract, except
in case of urgent necessity as
hereinafter provided; and except as
otherwise specifically provided in this
Charter, the following proceedings
shall be taken in all cases !n the matter
iof the letting of contracts by said
Board. Before the award of any con
tract for doing any work authorized by
this Article, the Board shall cause no
tice to be posted conspicuously in its
office for not less than five days, and
published for the same time, inviting
sealed proposals for the work contem
plated; except, however, that when any
repairs or improvement, not exceeding
an estimated cost of five hundred dol
lars, shall be deemed of urgent neces
sity by the Board, such repairs or im
provement may be made by the Board
under written contract or otherwise,
without advertising for sealed propo
sals.
Sec. 15. Said advertisement and no- I
tice shall invite sealed proposals to be |
delivered at a certain day and hour at (
the office of the Board for furnishing
the materials for tha proposed work, or
for doing said work, or for both, as may j
be deemed best by the Board, and shall j
contain a general description of the
work to be done, the materials to be
furnished, the time in which the work
is to be commenced, and when to be
completed, and the amount of bond to
be given for the faithful performance
of the contract, and shall refer to plans
and specifications on file in the office of
the Board for full details and descrip
tion of said work and materials.
Sec. 16. All proposals shall oe made
upon printed forms to be prepared by j
the Board, and furnished gratuitously
upon application, with a form for the
affidavit hereinafter provided for print
ed thereon. Each bid shall have there
on the affidavit of the bidder that such
bid is genuine, and not collusive or j
sham; that he has not colluded, con
spired, connived or agreed, directly or
indirectly, with any other bidder or
person to put in a sham bid, or that j
such other person shall refrain from I
bidding: and has not in any manner i
sought by collusion to secure any ad- ;
vantage against the City and County,
or any person interested in said im- j
provement, for himself or any other \
person. All bids shall be clearly and j
distinctly written, without any erasure
or interlineation, and if any bid shall
have an erasure or interlineation it
shall not be received or considered by
the Board. Any contract made in vio- j
lation of any of the foregoing provi- j
sions, and in the case of improvement j
of streets, any assessment for the work j
done under sych contract, shall be ab
solutely void.
All proposals offered shall be accom
panied by a check, certified by a re- j
sponsible bank, payable to the order of
the Clerk of the Supervisors, for an j
amount not less than ten per centum I
of the aggregate of the proposal, and I
no proposal shall be considered unless i
accompanied by such check.
No person, corporation or firm shall ;
be allowed to make, file, or be interest
ed in, more than one bid for the same
work. If on the opening of said bids ,
more than one bid appear in which the ;
same person, corporation or firm is in- i
terested. all such bids shall be rejected, j
Sec. 17. On the day and at the hour j
specified In said notice inviting sealed '
proposals the Board shall assemble and
remain in session for at least one hour,
and all bids shall be delivered to the
Board while it is so in session, and
within the hour named in the adver
tisement. No bid not so deli% - ered to
the Board shall be considered. Each j
bid as it shall be received shall be num- I
bered and marked 'Tiled" by the Pres
ident ar.d authenticated by his signa
ture. At the expiration of the hour
stated in the advertisement within ':
which the bids will be received, the
Board shall, in open session, open, ex- ;
am.me and publicly declare the same. :
and an abstract of each bid shall be re
corded in the minutes of the Board by :
the Secretary. Before adjourning, the i
Board shall compare the bids with the
record made by the Secretary, and shall
thereupon, at said time, or at such
other time, not exceeding twenty days
thereafter, as the Board may adjourn j
to, award the contract to the lowest
bidder, except as otherwise herein pro- i
vided. Notice of such award shall
forthwith be posted for five days by j
the Secretary of the Board in some '
conspicuous place in the office of the
Board, and be published for the same I
period of time.
The Board may reject any and all j
bids, and must reject the bid of any
party who has been delinquent or un- ■
faithful in any former contract with
the City and County, and all bids oth- '
er than the lowest regular bid; and on
accepting said lowest bid, shall there
upon return to the proper parties the ;
checks corresponding to the bids so re
jected. If all the bids are rejected, the '
Board shall return all the checks to i
the proper parties and again invite
sealed proposals as in the first In
stance.
The check accompanying the accept- '
ed bid shall be held by the Secretary of !
the Board until the contract for doing j
said work, as hereinafter provided, has
been entered into, whereupon said cer
tified check shall be returned to said
bidder.
If said bidder fails or refuses to en
ter into the contract to do said work,
as hereinafter provided, then the certi- j
fied check accompanying his bid. and
the amount therein mentioned, shall be !
forfeited to the City and County, and i
shall be collected and paid into the j
General Fund. Neither the Board of
PabUc Works nor the Supervisors shall
have power to relieve from or remit ;
such forfeiture.
Sec. 18. If at any time it shall be !
found that the person to whom a con- i
tract has been awarded has, in nre- \
senting any bid or bids, colluded with I
any other party or parties, for the pur- j
pose of preventing any other bid being j
made, then the contract so awarded i
shall be null and void, and the Board !
shall advertise for a new contract for i
said work.
Sec. 19. In th<» case of improvement
of streets, the owners of the major part
of the frontage of lots and lands upon
the street whereon the work is to be
done, or which are liable to be assessed
for said work, or, in the case of an |
assessment district, the owners of a j
major part of the superficial area em- i
braced in such district, or their agents. !
shall not be required to present sealed !
proposals, but may, upon making oath !
that they are such owners, or the I
agents of such owners, within ten days \
after the first posting of notice of said
award, elect to take said work and en- !
ter into a written contract to do the '
whole work at the price at which the I
same has been awarded. Should such !
owners not enter into a written con- :
tract therefor within said ten days, or
should they enter into such contract
and fail to commence the work within !
the time stated therein, which time I
shall not be less than ten nor more I
than twenty days from the time of the i
execution of such contract, the Board !
shall enter into a contract with the I
original bidder to whom the contract
was awarded at the price specified in ;
his bid. If the original bidder shr.ll ■
fail or refuse for fifteen days after the !
first posting of notice of* the award
to enter into the contract, the Boar.! j
shall aeain advertise for proposals as
in the first instance.
Sec. 20. If the owners or contractor I
who may have entered into any con- ]
tract do not complete the same within ;
the time limited in the contract, or \
within such further time as is here- j
lnafter provided, the Board may relet
the unfinished portion of said work in !
accordance with the provisions in this ;
Chapter prescribed for the letting of ;
the whole.
Sec. 21. All contracts shall be drawn !
under the suoervision of the City At- !
torney. and shall contain detailed spe
cifications of the work to be done, the i
manner In which it shall be executed, j
and the quality of the material to be :
used.
Every contract entered Into by the j
Board shall be signed by all the mem- j
bers thereof and by the other contract
ing party. All contracts shall be signed
in triplicate, one of which, with the j
specifications and drawings, if any,
of the work to be done, and the mate- •
rials to be furnished, shall be filed I
with the Clerk of the Supervisors: one j
thereof, with said specifications and i
drawings, shall be kept in the office
of the Board, and the other with said •
specifications and drawings shall be
delivered to the contractor.
At the same time with the execution
of the contract the contractor shall ex
ecute to the City and County and de
liver to the Secretary of the Board a
bond in the sum named in the notice
for proposals, with two or more suffi
cient sureties to be approved by the
Board, or shall deposit with the Secre
tary a certified check upon some so^- j
vent bank for said amount, for the f
faithful performance of «ie contract.
No surety on any bond, other than law
fully authorized surety companies,
shall be taken unless he shah be a
payer of taxes on real property. the
assessed value of which, over and
above all incumbrances. is equal In
amount to his liabilities on all bonds
on which he may be security to the
City and County; and each surety
shall justify and make an affidavit (lor
which a form shall be Panted upon
said bond), signed by him* that he is
assessed upon the last Assessment
Book of the City and County in h.s
own name for real property In an
amount greater than his liability on all
bonds on which he is surety to the City
and County, and that the taxes on
such property so assessed are not de
linquent. m .. ... -
The contract shall specify the time
within which the work shall be com
menced, and when to be completed, as
was specified in the notice inviting pro
posals therefor. Upon the recommen
dation of the Board, the Supervisors
may extend said time; but in no event
shall the time for the performance el
said contract be extended by the Su
pervisors more than ninety days be
yond the time originally fixed for its
completion; but, on the unanimous
recommendation of the Board of Publio
Works, a further extension may ba
granted by vote of fourteen memocra
of the Board of Supervisors. In case of
failure on the part of the contractor
to complete his contract within the
time fixed in the contract, or within
such extension of said time as is herein
provided, his contract shall be void,
and the Supervisors shall not pay or
allow to him any compensation for any
work done by him under said contract^^
and, in the case of the improvement
streets, no assessment shall be mad*
for the work done under said contract.
Sec. 22. The work in this Article pro
vided for must be done under the di
rection and to the satisfaction of the
Board of Public Works; and the mater
ials used must be in accordance with
the specifications and be to the satis
faction of said Board, ar.d all contracts
provided for in this Article must con
tain a provision to that effect, and
also, that in no case, except where it
is otherwise provided in this Charter,
will the City and County, or any de
partment or officer thereof, be liable
for any portion of the expense, or in
the case of improvement of streets,
for any delinquency of persons or
property assessed.
When said work shall have been
completed to the satisfaction and ac
ceptance of the Board, it sha.l so de
clare by resolution, and thereupon the
Board shall deliver to the coatractor
a certificate to that effect.
CHAPTEK 11.
Improvement of Streets.
SECTION 1. AH streets, lanes, alleys,
places or courts in the City and Coun
ty, now open or dedicated or which
may hereafter be opened or dedicated
to public use, shall be deemed and held
to be open pub^c streets, lanes, a.
places or courts, for the purposes of.
this Chapter; and tm Supervisors are
hereby empowered to fix the width
and grade thereof, and to order to be
done therein and thereon any and all
street work and street improvement
under the proceedings hereinafter de
scribed.
Sec. 2. Application for the doing of
any such work or improvement must I
in the first instance, except where I
otherwise provided in this Article. b«
made in writing to the Board of Pub
lic "Works; and if the expense thereof
is to be assessed upon private property,
the Board shall investigate the same;
and if it determine that such improve
ment is expedient, it shall so report to
the Supervisors; and the Supervisors
shall not order any such improvement
until the same has been recommended
by said Board. When the construction
of any sewer or drain shall involve a
cost of more than five dollars per lineal
foot for any block, it shall nor be au
thorized except by an or nance passed
by the affirmative vote of not less than
fourteen members of the Board of Su
pervisors. If an application is made
for any work or improvement of which
the expense is to be paid by the City
and County, and the Board of Public
Works shall not approve of such appli
cation, it shall report to the Supervis
ors its reasons tor such disapproval,
and the Supervisors may then, after
having obtained from the Board of
Public Works an estimate of the ex
pense of said work or improvement,
by ordinance passed by the affirmative
vote of not less than fourteen members
of the Board of Supervisors, order the
doing of said work, or the making of
said improvement.
The Board of Public Works may also,
except as herein prohibited, recommend
any improvement, the expense of which
is to be paid by the City and County,
though no application may have been
made therefor, and must make, with
said recommendation to the Supervis
ors, an estimate of the expense, and in
such case the Supervisors may order
the same done.
Xo street work or street Improve
ments of any kind shall be ordered to
be done by the Supervisors unless a
w-ritten recommendation to do the
same has been made to them by the
Board of Public Works, and all such"
recommendations shall be made mat
ters of record in the office of said
Board.
When the Board shall recommend any
work to be done on a street intersec- j
tion or crossing, where the streets do -
not intersect each other at right angles,
it shall in each such case determine
what lots in the blocks adjacent tosnch
intersection or crossing will Le benefit
ed by said work, and shall cause a
map to be made on which shall be
delineated the lots so to be benefited.
Such map shall be transmitted to the
Supervisors with said recommenda
tion.
Sec. 3. Before recommending to the
Supervisors the ordering of any work
or improvement, th? expense of which,
or any part thereof, is to be assessed
upon private property, the Board of
Public Works shall pass a resolution of
its intention to recommend the same,
specifying the work to be recommend
ed, and shall fix a day when it shall
take final action upon said resolution.
Upon the passage thereof the S?cre
tary of the Board shall forthwith, with
out any further authority, cause a copy
of said resolution to be posted conspic
uously for five days in the office of safa
Secretary, and to be published for a
period of ten days (legal holidays ex
cepted> and cause a copy to be deposit
ed in the Post Office at the City and
County, with postage prepaid, address
ed to each person represented on the
Assessment Book of the City and
County for the next preceding" fiscal
year as being owner of land liable to be
assessed for said improvement: but if
said lot stand on said bock In the name
of unknown owners, such notice need
not be sent.
The Board shall also cause to be con
spjcuously posted along the line of saj<j
contemplated Improvement, at points
not more than one hundred feet In dis
tance apart, notices, not less than
three in all, of the passage of said reso
lution. Each of said notices shall be
headed "Notice of Street Work" in let
ters of not less than two inches In
length, and shall in legible characters
state the fact of the passage of said
resolution., its date. and. briefly, the
work or improvement proposed, and re
fer to the resolution of intention for
further particulars.
Sec. 4. The owners of a majority ©f
the frontage of the pror .rty fronting
on said proposed work or Improvement,
and. in case of a district, -hose owninjtmore than one-half of th« superficial
area of the. district, may make written
objections to the same within leu days
alter the expiration of the time of the
publication of sold resolution of inten
tion, which objections shall be delivered
to the Secretary of the Board of Public
Works, who shall endorse thereon the
date of its reception by him. Such ob
jections-shall be a bar for six months
4 i any further proceedings in relation
V the doing of said work or making
said improvement, unless the owners of
the -one-half or more of the frontage or
■of 7 the district, as aforesaid, shall
meanwhile petition for the same to be
done, and, the same shall, after the ex- j
piration of said six months, be contin
ued under the resolution of intention
lirs.t passed if said Board shall deem
proper. If, however, the owners of at
least two-thirds of the property front- j
ing on said proposed work or improve
ment, and, in the case of a district
those owning at least two-thirds of the
superficial area of the district, shall
make written objections to the
same within said six months, no fur
ther proceedings shall be taken under
the aforesaid resolution of intention.
"When the work or improvement pro
posed to be done is the construction of
sowers, manholes, culverts or cess
pools, and the objections thereto are
signed by the owners of a maiority of
the frontage or of the district as afore
said, the Board shall, at Its next meet
inß, fix a time for hearing said objec
tions, not less than one week' there
after. The Secretary shall thereupon
notify the persons making such objec
tions, by depositing a notice thereof in
the Post Office at the City and County
postage prepaid, and addressed to each
objector or his agent when he appear
for such objector. At the time speci
fled the Board shall hear the objection
urged, and pass upon the same, and it
decision shall be final and conclusive
and if said objections are overruled th
proceedings shall be continued as
though no objections had been made
At any time before the making of
the assessment as hereinafter provid
ed, all owners of lots of land liable to
assessment therein, who, after the firs
publication of the aforesaid resolution
K° intention, may feel aggrieved, or
who may have objections to any pro
ceedings in relation to the performance
of the work described in said resolu
tion, may file with the Secretary a pe
tition of remonstrance, wherein they
Bhall state In what respect they fee
aggrieved, or the proceedings to which
they object. Such petition or remon
strance shall be passed upon by the-
Board, and its decision thereon shall
be final and conclusive.
Sec. 5. When the contemplated work
or improvement in the opinion of the
Board of Public Works is of more than
local or ordinary public benefit, it may
recommend to the Supervisors that th
expense of such work or improvement
be made chargeable upon a district,
and said Board shall in its res
olution of. intention set out the district
benefited by said work or improvement
and to be assessed to pay the expense
thereof. Objections to the extent and
boundaries of the district of lands to
be benefited by said work or improve
ment may be made by any Interested
party, in writing, within ten days af
ter the expiration of the time of pub
lication of the resolution of intention.
• The Secretary of the Board shall lay
Bald objections before it and the Board
shall, at its next meeting, fix a tim
for hearing said objections not less
than one week thereafter. The Secre
tary, shall thereupon notify the persons
making such objections by depositing
a notice thereof in the Post Office at th
City and County, postage prepaid, ad
dressed to each objector. At the time
specified the Board shall hear the ob
jections urged and pass upon the same,
and if said objections are overruled, its
decision shall be final and conclusive
as to the extent and boundaries of th
district.
If the objections are sustained, th
Board shall proceed to set out another
district to the extent and boundaries
of which objections may be made and
a hearing had thereon as above pro
vided; and so on in like manner until
a district has been set out to the ex
tent and boundaries of which all ob
jections shall be overruled by the Board
—Its decision in that behalf to be final
an.l conclusive; and thereupon the pro
ceedings shall continue the same as if
no objections had been made. In It
report to the Supervisors the Board
shall accompany its report with a dia
pram on which shall be delineated each
separate lot, piece or parcel of land,
the area In square feet of each of such
lots, pieces or parcels of land, and the
relative location of the same to th
work or improvement proposed to be
done within the limits of the district.
Such diagram shall be certified to be
correct by the Secretary of the Board
Sea 6. When the work under any
contract shall have been completed, the
contractor shall make and file in the
office of the Board of Public Works
an affidavit to the effect that he ha»
not entered into any private agree?
ment, verbal or written, with any per
eon liable to be assessed for said work
or with any one on his behalf, to ac
cept a price from him less than the
price named in said contract, or to
make any rebate or deduction to him
from such price. Any such agreement
shall be deemed a fraud upon all per
sons liable to be assessed for such
■work other than the property owners
who were parties to the agreement, and
shall make void, as to such persons so
defrauded, any assessment made for
the work done under such contract; and
■where there is more than one contractor
each . contractor shall make such affi
davit.
Sec. 7. When any work In or upon
any public street shall have been com
pleted according to contract, and the
affidavit mentioned in the next preced
ing section shall have been made, the
Board shall make an assessment to
cover the sum due for the work per
formed and specified in said contract
'including all incidental expenses), in
"" conformity with the provisions of this
Article, according to the nature and
character of the work. The assessment
shall briefly refer to the contract, the
work contracted for and performed,
and shall show the amount to be paid
therefor, together with any Incidental
expenses, the rate per front foot as
1. the amount of each assessment,
tho name of the owner of each lot (if
known to the Board, and if not known,
the word "unknown" shall be written
opposite the number of the lot and the
amount assessed thereon); the number
of each lot assessed, and shall have at
tached thereto a diagram exhibiting
the street or street crossing on which
the work has been done, and showing
the relative location of each distinct
lot to the work done, numbered to cor
respond with the numbers In the as
sessment, and showing the number of
front feet assessed for said work. A
mistake in the name of the owner shall
not invalidate any assessment.
Vv'hen the expense of such work falls
in part upon any person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
. the street where such work has
done, said assessment shall in
clude an assessment against said per
son, company or corporation, for its
I proportion of said expense, and
Bairie shall constitute a lien upon
road-bed, rolling stock, franchises
"ther property of such person,
; any or corporation, for a period
■ > yr-ars from the date of reoord
:)(■ warrant, assessment and dia
gram horeinafter provided for.
8. The expense of all work or
vement done upon any part of
Bald streets, lanes, alleys, placs or
courts, under, the order of the Super
■;. shall be borne and paid for as
follows:
First.— TheCity and County shall pay
out of the General Fund the expense:
a. Of all work done on streets, cross
ings and intersections of streets that
have been or may be accepted by the
City and County, after the acceptance
of the same, and all repairs and im
provements deemed of urgent necessity
that may be made upon the public
streets and highways.
b. Of all work done in front of. or
that may be assessed to> property
owned by the City and County or by
any department thereof.
c. Of all work done in front of, or
that may be assessed to, property j
owned by the United States.
Second. — The expense of all sewers, j
cesspools, manholes, culverts and !
drains, and of all grading, planking,
macadamising, paving, piling and cap- '
I ping any street, or portion thereof, and
Of all curbs' thereon, and of all work
done on sidewalks, shall be assessed !
! upon the lands within the block or j
i blocks adjacent thereto as herein pro- j
■ vided, except where by an assessment j
i district it may be provided otherwise.
Third.— The expense of all work on
! such portion of any street required by :
.. law to be kept in order by any person, '
! company, or corporation, having rail- i
| road tracks thereon, shall be borne and ;
! paid for by such person, company or ,
i corporation, and shall be included in j
! the assessment hereinbefore provided <■
j for.
No assessment shall be levied upon
any property, which, together with all ;
■ assessments for street improvements -
: that may have been levied upon the !
same property during the year next
■ preceding, will amount to a sum great- ;
; er than fifty per centum of the value ;
' at which said property was assessed !
upon the last preceding Assessment
Book of the City and County.
Sec 9. Subdivision One — Except .
! where the expense incurred for the
j street work and improvement author- j
I ized herein is to be assessed upon a
I district as hereinafter provided, such
i expense, other than that to be paid
1 by a person, company or corporation
having tracks on the street where such
i work and improvement has been done,
I shall toe assessed upon the lots and
i lands fronting thereon, except as here-
I inafter specifically provided; each lot
I or portion of a lot being separately as
sessed in proportion to the frontage at
a rate per front foot sufficient to cover
the total expense of the work.
Subdivision Two— The expense of all j
i improvement except such as is done by
contractors under the provisions of sec- |
tion sixteen of this Chapter, until the J
streets, avenues, street crossings, lanes, |
alleys, places, or courts are finally ac
i cepted, as provided in section twenty- :
! three of this Chapter, shall be assessed
, upon the lots and lands as provided in
i this section according to the nature
and character of the work.
Subdivision Three— The expense of
I the work done on main street cross
ings shall be assessed at a uniform
! rate per front foot on the quarter
blocks and irregular blocks adjoining j
and cornering upon the crossings, and
separately upon the whole of each lot
| or portion of a lot having any front
i age in the said blocks fronting on said
! main streets, half way to the next main
street crossing, and all the way on
6aid blocks to a boundary line of the |
city where no such crossing intervenes, I
! but only according to its frontage in ]
j said quarter blocks and irregular
blocks.
Subdivision Four— Where a main
I street terminates in another main
1 street, the expense of the work done j
! on one-half of the width of the street
! opposite the termination shall be as
sessed upon the lots in each of the two i
quarter blocks adjoining and corner- j
ing on the same, according to the front- j
age of such lots on said main street, j
; and the expense of the other half of the
width of said street upon the lot or lots
| fronting on the latter half of the street
i at such termination.
Subdivision Five— Where any alley |
or subdivision street crosses a main j
street, the expense of all work done on j
6ald crossing shall be assessed on all i
lots or portions of lots half way on said
alley or subdivision street to the next I
crossing or intersection, or to the end j
of such alley or .subdivision street if it |
does not meet another.
Subdivision Six— The expense of work
done on alley or subdivision street j
crossings shall be assessed upon the
lots fronting upon such alley or subdi- j
vision streets on each side thereof, in |
all directions, half way to the next i
street, place, or. court, on either side, ■
respectively, or to the end of such al
ley or subdivision street, if it does not
meet another.
Subdivision Seven — Where a subdivis
ion street, avenue, lane, alley, place, or j
court, terminates in another street, j
avenue, lane, alley, place, or court, the
expense of the work done on one-half ;
i the width of the subdivision street,
[ avenue, alley, place, or court opposite
the termination, shall be assessed upon
the lot or lots fronting on such subdi
vision street or avenue, lane, alley, 5
place, or court so terminating, accord- j
ing to its frontage thereon, half-way |
on each side, respectively, to the next j
street, avenue, lane, alley, court, or
place, or the end of such street, avenue,
lane, alley, place, or court, ir it does
not meet another, and the other one
half of the width upon the lots fronting
such termination.
Subdivision Eight— Where any work
mentioned in this Chapter, manholes, i
cesspools, culverts, crosswalks, piling I
and capping excepted, is done on either
or both sides of the center line of any
street for one block or less, and fur- |
ther work opposite to the work of the j
same class already done is ordered to 1
be done to complete the unimproved |
portion of said street, the assessment |
to cover the total expense of said work i
so ordered shall be made upon the lots
or portions of the lots only fronting the
portions of the work so ordered. When j
sewering or resewering is ordered to
be done under the sidewalk or only on
one side of a street for any length
thereof, the assessment for its expense !
shall be made only upon the lots and !
lands fronting nearest upon that side, i
and for intervening intersections only
upon the two quarter blocks adjoining
and cornering upon that side.
Subdivision Nine — Any owner or j
; owners of lots or lands fronting upon \
I any street, the width and grade of j
which have been established by the
; Supervisors, may perform at his or j .
their own expense (after obtaining per- ;
mission from the Board of Public Works ;
\ bo to do, but before said Board has j
\ passed its resolution of intention to .
j recommend grading inclusive of this) •
! any grading upon said street, to its I !
full width, or to the centre line thereof, ;'.; '.
l and to its grade as then established, i
i and thereupon may procure, at his or j
their own expense, a certificate from .
the City Engineer setting forth the
i number nf cubic yards of cutting and j
! filling made by him or them in said j
j grading, and the proportions performed \ .
: by each owner, and that the same is i ;
done to the established width and grade 1 j
of said street, or to the centre line |
thereof, and thereafter may file said 1
certificate In the office of the Board. 1
Said certificate shall be recorded in a
properly indexed book kept for that 1
purpose in the office of the Board. 1
Whenever thereafter the Supervisors I
order the grading of said street, or any
portion- thereof, on which any grading '
certified aa aforesaid has been done,
the bids and contract must express the '
price by the cubic yard for cutting and
filling in grading, and such owner or
owners, and his or their successors in
interest, shall be entitled to credit on the !
assessment upon his or their lots and
lands fronting on said street for grad- !
ing thereof, to the amount of the cu
bic yards of cutting and filling set :
forth in his or their said certificate, at
the prices named in the contract for
said cutting and filling; or, if the grade '
meanwhile has been legally changed,
only for so much of said certified work '
as would be required for grading to the *
grade as changed. Such owner or !
owners shall not be entitled to any
credit that may be in excess of the as
sessments for grading upon the lots !
and land owned by him or them, and j
proportionately assessed for the whole
of said grading. The Board shall in
clude in the assessment for the whole
of said grading upon the same grade 1
the number of cubic yards of cutting (
and filling set forth in any and all cer- (
tificates so recorded in his office, or for ]
the whole of said grading to the 1
changed grade bo much of said certi- i
fled work as would be required for 1
eradinar thereto, and shall enter corre- i
CHAKTER FOU THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FBANCISCO.
sponding credits, deducting the same
aa payments upon the amounts assessed
against the lots and lands owned re
spectively by said certified owners and
their successors In interest; but he i
shall not include any grading quanti- j
ties or credit any Bums in excess of the ■
proportionate assessments for the '
whole of the grading which are made !
upon any lots and lands fronting upon
said street and belonging to any such
certified owners or their successors in
interest. When any owner or ownera
of any lots and lands fronting on any !
street shall have heretofore done, or
shall hereafter do any work, except j
grading, on such street, in front of any
block, at his or their own expense, and
the Supervisors shall subsequently or
der any work to be done of the same i
class in front of the same block, the
work so done at the expense of Buch
owner or owners shall be excepted
from the order ordering work to be
done, -as provided in subdivision ten of \
this section; but the work so done at !
the expense of such owner or owners i
shall be upon the official grade, and in
condition satisfactory to the Board of '
Public Works at the time said order is
passed.
Subdivision Ten— The Board of Pub
lic Works may include In the resolu- |
tion of intention any of the different
kinds of work mentioned in this Chap- |
ter, and it may except therefrom any '
of sidd work already done upon the
street to the official grade. The lots
and portions of lots fronting upon said ;
accepted work already done shall not
be included in the frontage assessment
for the class of work from which the
exception is made; but this shall not
be construed so as to affect the special
provisions aa to grading contained in
subdivision nine of this section.
Subdivision Eleven — When the reso- j
lution of intention declares that the j
expense of the work and improvement j
is to be assessed upon a district, im
mediately after the contractor has ful- j
filled his contract to the satisfaction !
of the Board of Public Works, or to !
the satisfaction of the Supervisors on
appeal, the Board of Public Works
shall proceed to estimate upon the '■
lands, lots, or portions of lots within
said assessment district, as shown by
the diagram provided for in section five
of this Chapter, the benefits arising j
from such work, and to be received I
by each such lot, portion of such lot, i
piece or subdivision of land, and ;
shall thereupon assess upon and j
against said lands in said assessment
district the total amount of the ex- j
pense of such proposed work, and in !
so doing shall assess said total sum
upon the several pieces, parcels, lots, !
or portions of lots, and subdivisions of I
land in said district benefited thereby,
to wit: Upon each respectively in j
proportion to the estimated benefits
to be received by each of said several i
lots, portions of lots, or subdivisions of
land. In other respects the assessment
shall be as provided in this Chapter.
Sec. 10. If at any time there shall be ;
any street work or improvement done,
and none of the methods hereinbefore i
provided are legally sufficient to au- j
thorize the Board of Public Works to
make an assessment to pay for the ex- i
pense thereof, then said Board shall,
before it passes a resolution of its in- '.
tention to recommend the ordering of
said work or improvement, establish |
by resolution a method by means of
Which such assessment shall be made; ;
and on the completion of the work or I
improvement to the satisfaction of said
Board, or to the satisfaction of the '
Supervisors on appeal, said Board shall
make an assessment to pay the ex- j
pense thereof according to the method
established by said resolution.
Sec. 11. In making all assessments
the Board of Public Works shall act j
as a Board, and the assessment shall
be authenticated by the signatures of |
all the members thereof.
Sec. 12. To said assessment shall be
attached a warrant which shall be
signed by the President of the Board
of Public Works and countersigned by
the Secretary thereof. Said warrant
shall be substantially in the following
form :
By virtue hereof the Board of Pub
lic Works of the City and County of
San Francisco, by the authority vested
in it, does authorize and empower
(name of contractor) (his or their)
agents, or assigns, to demand and re- ;
ceive the several assessments upon the
assessment and diagram hereto at- j
tached, and this shall be (his or their) j
warrant for the same.
(Date) . (Name of President of j
Board of Public Works.)
Countersigned by (Name of Secre
tary of Board of Public Works.)
Said warrant, assessment ;md dia
gram shall be recorded in the office of j
the Board. When so recorded the sev- !
eral amounts assessed shall be a lien i
upon the lands, lots, or portions of lots
assessed, respectively for the period or
two years from the date of said record-
Ing, unless sooner discharged; and
from and after the date of said record- -
ing t>f any warrant, assessment and
diagram, all persons interested In said ,
at,s< wsment shall be deemed to have no- i
tice r -f the contents of the record [
tneieof.
After paid warrant, assessment and
diagram are recorded, the same shall i
ba delivered to the contractor, or his
agent or assigns, on demand, but not
untii after the payment to the Board
of the incidental expenses not previ- ;
otisly paid by the contractor or his as- j
signs. By virtue of said warrant said j
contractor, or his agents or assigns,
shall be authorized to demand and re- j
ceive the amount of the several assess- j
ments made to cover the sum due for
the work specified in such contracts
and assessments.
When it shall appear by the final
judgment of any court in this State
having jurisdiction to render such Judg- i
nient, that any suit brought to foreclose I
the lien of any assessment for street
work made under this Chapter, or in
the recording thereof, has been defeated
by reason of any defect, error, infor- j
malily, omission, irregularity, or ii!e- j
BR*ity, thereof or therein, or in the re- |
turn on the warrant issued pursuant to |
any such assessment, or in the record- {
ing of any such warrant, any person in- |
terested therein may, at any time with- j
Iti seven months after the entry of said j
final judgment, apply to th« Hoard for j
aroiher assessment to be issued in con- \ ,
formity to law; and the Board shall. I'
within sixty days after the time of
said application, make and deliver to j
said applicant a new assessment, dia- i
gram and warrant in accordance with
law, and sign, record and authenticate '
the same as above provided. Such as- j
sessment shall be a lien upon the lots :
of land set out therein for the period of !
two years from the date of its record- ]
ing, and suit may be brought to enforce i
said lien as provided in this Chapter.
Should such final judgment be that of
the Superior Court for the City and j
County and an appeal therefrom to the
Supreme Court of the State has been
taken, no such other assessment shall
be made until said appeal has been de
termined.
Sec. 13. The contractor or his as
signs, or some person on his or their i
behalf, shall call upon the persons as- i
sessed, or their agents, if they can con
veniently be found, and demand pay- i '
ment of the amount assessed to each.
If any payment be made, the contrac- i
tor, his assigns, or some person on his I
or their behalf, shall receipt the same!
upon the assessment in the presence
of the person making such payment, !
and shall also give a receipt if demand- ! !
cd. When the persons so assessed, or j
their agents, cannot conveniently be J >
found or when the owner of the lot is I
stated as "unknown" upon the assess- |
ment, then said contractor or his as
signs, or some person on his or their i
behalf, shall publicly demand payment •
an the premises assessed.
The warrant shall be returned to the
Board of Public Works within thirty .
3ays after its date with a return indors
ed thereon, signed by the contractor or ' •
hie assigns, or some person on his or j ,
their behalf, verified upon oath, stat
ing the nature and character of the de
mand, and whether any of the assess- t
ments remain unpaid in whole or in i j
part, and the amount thereof. There
upon the Secretary of the Board shall
record the return so made in the mar
gin of the record of the warrant and
assessment.
The Board can at any time receive
the amount due upon any assessment
and warrant issued by it and give a
good and sufficient discharge therefor;
but no such payment so made after
suit has been commenced shall operate,
without the consent of the plaintiff in
the action, as a complete discharge of
the lien until the costs in the action
shall be refunded to the plaintiff.
The Board may release any assess
ment upon the books of Its office on
the payment to it of the amount of the
assessment with interest against any
lot or on the production to it of the
receipt of the party or hla assigns to
whom the assessment and warrant
were issued. If any contractor shall
fail to return his wan-ant within the
time and in the form provided in this
i section he shall thenceforth have no
lien upon the property assessed; but if
any warrant is lost, upon proof of Buch
loss a duplicate may be Issued, upon
which a return may be made with the
same effect as if the original had been
so returned. After the return of the
assessment and warrant as aforesaid,
all amounts remaining due thereon
shall draw interest at the rate Of seven
per centum per annum until paid.
Sec. 14. The owners, whether named
in the assessment or not, the contrac
tor or his assigns, and all other per
sons directly interested in any work
provided for in this Chapter, or in the
assessment, feeling aggrieved by any
act or determination of the Board of
Public Works in relation thereto, or
who claim that the work has not been
performed according to the contract in
a good and substantial manner, or
having or making any objection to the
correctness or legality of the assess
ment or other act, determination, or
proceedings of the Board, shall, within
thirty days after the date of the war
rant, appeal to the Supervisors, by
briefly stating their objections in writ
ing and filing the same with the Clerk
of the Supervisors. Notice of the time
and place of the hearing, briefly re
ferring to the work contracted to be
done, or other subject of appeal, and
to the acts, determinations or proceed
ings objected to or complained of, shall
be published for five days. Upon such
appeal the Supervisors may remedy
and correct any error or informality
in the proceedings, and revise and cor
rect any of the acts or determinations
of the Board relative to said work,
may confirm, amend, set aside, alter,
modify or correct the assessment in
such manner as to them shall seem
just; and require the work to be com
pleted according to the directions of
the Supervisors, and may at their op
tion direct the Board of Public Works
to correct the warrant, assessment or
diagram in any particular, or to make
and issue a new warrant, assessment
and diagram to conform to the deci
sions of the Supervisors in relation
thereto.
All the decisions and determinations
of the Supervisors, upon notice and
hearing as aforesaid, shall be final and
conclusive upon all persons entitled to
appeal under the provisions of this
section, as to all errors, informalities
and irregularities, which the Supervis
ors might have remedied and avoided;
and no assessment shall be held in
valid, except upon appeal to the Su
pervisors, as provided in this section,
for any error, informality or other
defect in the proceedings prior to the
assessment, or in the assessment it
self, where the Board of Public Works
has acquired jurisdiction to make the
same.
Spc. 18. At any time after the period
of thirty-five days from the day of the
date of thf» warrant, or if an appeal
has been taken to the Supervisors, then.
at any time after five days from the
decision of the Supervisors on such ap
peal, or after the return on the war
rant, after the same may have been
corrected, altered or modified, as horo.
in provided, bi'.t not less than ■within
thirty-five days from the date of the
warrant, the contractor or his assignee
may sue in his own name the owner or
the mortgagee of thf> land, lots, or por
tions of lots assessed on the day of
the date of the recording of the war
rant, assessment and diagram, or any
day thereafter during the continuance
of the lien of said assessment, and re
cover the amount of any assessment
remaining unpaid, with interest there
on at the rate of seven per centum per
annum until paid.
In all cases of recovery under the
provisions of this Chapter the plain
tiff shall recover the sum of fifteen dol
lars in addition to the taxable costs,
as attorney's fees, but not any percent
age upon said recovery. When suit has
been brought, after a personal demand
has been made and a refusal to pay
such assessment so demanded, the
plaintiff shall also be entitled to have
and recover said sum of fifteen dollars
as attorney's fees in addition to all tax
able costs, notwithstanding that the
suit may be settled or a tender be
made before a recovery in said action,
and he may have judgment therefor.
Said warrant, assessment and dia- j
gram, with the affidavit of demand and
non-payment, shall be held prima facie !
evidence of the regularity and correct- j
ness of the assessment and of the prior j
proceedings and acts of the Board of
Public Works and of the Supervisors.
upon which said warrant, assessment
and diagram are based, and like evidence
of the right of the plaintiff to recover in i
the action. The Court in which said suit i
shall be commenced shall have power
to adjudge and decree a lien against
the lots of land assessed, and to order
such premises to be sold on execution
as in other cases of the sale of real
estate by the process of said Courts.
In all actions brought to enforce the
lien of assessments made pursuant to
the provisions of this Chapter the pro
ceedings therein shall be governed and ]
regulated by the provisions of this
Chapter, and, when not In conflict here
with, by the Codes of this State.
Sec. 16. When any portion of th«»
roadway of any street, avenue, lane, al
ley, court or place, or any portion of
any sidewalk, in the City and County, j
none of which has been accepted by the I
Supervisors as in this Chapter provided. |
shall be so out of repair as to endanger i
persons or property passing thereon, or
so as to interfere with the public con
venience in the use thereof, the Board
of Public Works shall require the own
ers or occupants of lots or portions of
lots fronting on said portion of said
street, avenue, alley, lane, court or
place, by a notice in writing, to be de
livered to them or their agents, per
sonally, to repair forthwith said por
tion of said street, avenue, lane, alley,
court or place, to the center line there
of, in front of the property of which
he is the owner or tenant, or occupant.
The Board shall particularly specify
in said notice what work is required to
be done and what material shall be
used in said repairs. If said repairs be
not begun within five days after notice
given as aforesaid, and diligently and
without interruption prosecuted to
completion, the Board may make such
repairs, or enter into a contract with
any suitable person, at the expense of
the owner, tenant, or occupant, after
the specifications for the dome of said
work shall have b^en conspicuously
posted by it in its office for three days,
inviting bids for the doing of said work.
Said bids shall be delivered to it at its
office on or before the second day after
the completion of said posting and
opened by it on the next day follow
ing: whereupon the contract shall he
awarded to the lowest responsible bid
der.
All of Raid bldg shall be preserved in
the office of the Board, and shall be
open at all times after the letting of
the contract to the inspection of all
persons; and such owner, tenant, or oc
cupant, shall b<» liable to pay said con
tract price. Such work shall be com
menced within twenty-four hours af
ter the contract phall have been signed,
and completed without delay to the sat
lsfaction of the Board. Upon the com
pletion of such repairs by the con
tractor as aforesaid to the satisfaction
o-f the Board, it shall make and de
liver to the contractor a certificate to
the effect that such repairs have been
properly made by said contractor to
the grade, and that the charges for the
same are reasonable and just, and that
the Board of Public Works has ac
cepted the same.
Sec. 17. If the expense of the work
and material for the repairs provided for
in the last preceding section be notpaid
on demand to the contractor so em
ployed, or his agent or assignee, said
contractor, or his assignee, 6hall have
j the right to sue such owner, tenant, or
occupant for the amount contracted to
be paid; and the certificate provided
for In said section shall be prlnia facie
evidence of the amount claimed for
said work and materials, and of the
I right of the contractor to recover for
I the same In such action. Said certifl-
I cate shall be recorded by the Board of
! Public Works In a book kept by it In
I the office for that purpose, properly in-
I dexed, and the sum contracted to be
1 paid shall be a lien as in case of other
I assessments provided for in this chap
ter.
Sec. IS. In addition to the remedies
above given the Supervisors may pre
scribe the penalties that shali be in
curred by any owner or person ne
glecting or refusing to make re
pairs when required, as hereinbefore
provided. Such penalty shall be en
forced for the use of the City and
County by prosecution In the name of
the People of the State of California
In the Court having jurisdiction there
of, and may be applied in the case of
fines, to the payment of expense of any
such repairs not otherwise provided
for.
Sec. 19. The person owning the fee, or
the mortgagee of such fee, or the per
son who, on the day the action is com
menced, appears by deed duly recorded
in the County Recorder's office of the
City and County, to have the legal title
| to the land, or the person in possession
' of lands, lots, portion of lots or build
j ings under claim, or exercising acts of
I ownership over the same for himself,
| or as executor, administrator or guar
l dian of the owner, shall be regarded,
I treated and deemed to be the "owner"
! for all the purposes of this Chapter.
i And in case of property leased, the
| possession of the tenant or lessee hold
| ing and occupying under such persons
i shall be deemed to be the possession of
' such owner.
Sec. 20. Any tenant or lessee of any
| lot of land on which has been imposed
I an assessment under the provisions of
this Chapter may pay said assessment,
! or he may discharge any liability im
j posed thereon by virtue of the provis
ions of this Chapter, or he may redeem
the property within the time prescribed
by law, if legally sold on execution, and
may deduct the amount so paid from
; the rents due and to become due from
! him; and he shall have a lien upon, and
i may retain posse-sion of, said lots un
i til the amount so paid and advanced,
| with legal interest thereon, be satisfied
! from accruing rents or by payment by
the owner.
Sec. 21. The records kept by the
Board of Public Works shall have the
I same force and effect as other public
i records, and duly certified copies
j therefrom may be used in evidence
with the same effect as the originals.
, Said records shall, during all office
i hours, be open, free of charge, to the
; inspection of any citizen wishing to
examine them.
I Sec. 22. Notices in writing required to
be given by the Board may be served
by any person over the age of twenty
i one years, and the fact of such service
1 may be verified by the oath of the per
, son making it. Such oath may be
; taken before the Secretary of said
, Board or b fore any member thereof.
Sec. 23. When any street or portion
of a street has been or shall hereafter
be fully constructed to the satisfaction i
of the Board of Public Works and of i
: the Supervisors, and is in good condi- !
tion throughout, and a sewer, gas pipes,
1 and water pipes are properly laid
therein, the same shall ho accented h-<
the Supervisors by ordinance; and
thereafter such street or portion of a
street shall be kept in repair and im
. proved by the City and County. The
: Supervisors shall not accept any por
, tion of a street less than the "entire
; width of the roadway including the
curbing, and one block in length, orone
entire crossing; but they may partly
| or conditionally accept any street,with
i out a sewer or gas pipes or water pipes
I therein, if the ordinance of acceptance
expressly states that they deem such
sewer, or gas pipes or water pipes to be
, then unnecessary. In such case the lots !
! of land previously or at any time as
1 sessable for the cost of constructing a
sewer shall remain and be assessable
for such cost and for the cost of re
| pairs and restoration of the street
; damaged in said construction, when
. ever the Supervisors shall deem a
j sewer to be necessary and shall order
'< it to be constructed. The Board of
| Public Works shall keep in its office a
; register of all streets accepted by the
j Supervisors under this section, which
i register shall be indexed for easy ref
| erence thereto.
Sec. 24. The Board of Public Works
may at any time, without any npplica-
I tion therefor, recommend to the Sup
ervisors to order the paving or mac
adamizing of the portion of any street
required by law to be paved or mac
adamized by the person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
thereon. Upon such recommendation
the Supervisors shall by ordinance or
der said work to be done and direct said
Board to notify said person, company,
or corporation of the fact of the pas
sage of such ordinance.
The Secretary of said Board shall
thereupon forthwith in writing notify
said person, company or corporation
of the passage of said ordinance; and
if said person, company or corpora
tion shall not within ten days after re
ceiving said notice commence in good
faith to do said work and prosecute
the same diligently to completion, the
Board shall invite sealed proposals for
doing said work in the manner provid
ed in this Article; and all the provis
ions of this Article in regard to such
proposals, to the awarding of con
tracts, to the execution of contracts,
and to the doing of public work, shall
apply to all similar' proceedings taken
under this section. On the completion
of the work to the satisfaction of the
Board the contractor shall be entitled
to recover from such person, company
or corporation the contract price for
the expense of said work, together
with incidental expenses, in an action
Instituted in a Court of competent ju
risdiction. On the trial of such action,
the certificate of the Board of the com
pletion of said work to its satisfaction
shall be prima facie evidence of the
regularity of all the proceedings prior
thereto and of plaintiff's right to re
cover in said action.
Sec. 25. Except as otherwise In this
Chapter specifically provided, no or
dinance for the improvement of any
street other than for sewers, sidewalks
and curbs, except for the improvement
of the streets constituting or lying
along the water front of the City and
County, and except for such work as is
provided for in the next preceding sec
tion, shall be passed by the Supervis
ors without extending said improve
ment throughout the whole width of
such street.
Sec. 26. Wherever in this Article the
word "street" occurs, it shall be held to
include all streets, lanes, alleys, places
and courts which have been, or may be
hereafter, dedicated and open to public
use, and whose gTade and width have
been legally established; and the grade
of all intermediate or intersecting
streets in any one block shall be deemed
to conform to the grades as established
at the crossings of the main streets.
The word "improvement" shall be
held to include grading, paving, plank
ing, macadamizing, piling and capping;
and the construction and repairs of
sewers, cesspools, manholes, culverts,
drains, sidewalks and curbs.
The term "main street" shall mean
such street or streets as bound a
block, and the term "street" shall in-
elude crossing.
The word "block" shall mean the
blocks known or designated as such
upon the maps and books of the As
sessor.
The term "quarter block," as used In
this Chapter as to irregular blocks,
shall be deemed to include all lots or
portions of lots, having any frontage
on either intersecting street half way
from such intersection to the next main
street, or, when no main street inter
venes, all the way to a boundary line
of the City and County.
The word "paved" shall Include any
pavement of stone, iron, wood or other
material which the Supervisors may
by ordinance order to be used; but no
patented pavement shall be ordered
during the existence of the patent
therefor, until the owner of such pat
ent shall have transferred to the City
and County all right to the use of the
same therein, with the privilege to any
person to manufacture and lay the
same upon its streets under any con
tract that may be awarded to him, or
entered into by him with the City and
County.
The term "expense" shall include the
price at which the contract was award
ed, and the term "incidental expenses"
shall include all expenses incurred in
printing and advertising the work con
tracted for, and all expenses for sur
veying, measuring and inspecting the
work.
All notices and resolutions required
in this Article to be published shall be
published daily, legal holidays except
ed, in the official newspaper. •
All notices herein required to be
served, whether by delivery, mailing
or posting, may be so served by any
male citizen of the age of twenty-one
years, and his affidavit thereof shall be
prima facie evidence of such service.
The affidavit by the publisher of the
official newspaper, or his clerk, of the
publication of any notice required in
this Article to be published, shall be
prima facie evidence of such publica
tion.
Sec. 27. When the owners of all the
lands fronting upon any street which is
less than forty feet in width, for the
entire distance of said street, or for the
distance of one or more entire blocks,
shall petition the Board of Public
Works that the said street, or that por
tion thereof upon which said lands
front, be closed, the Board may pass a
resolution recommending that the same
be closed. Before passing such resolu
tion the Board shall cause a notice of
the application to be published in the
official newspaper, and shall fix a time
and place at which it will consider the
same and hear objections thereto. Upon
such hearing it shall determine whether
it will recommend that the street be
closed; and if it shall so determine, it
shall transmit such recommendation to
the Supervisors. Thereupon the Super
visors may pass an ordinance that the
street be closed; and the same shall not
thereafter be, or be deemed to be, a
public street, or subject to any public
expense or improvement; and the land
theretofore included within the road
way and sidewalks of said street shall
thereafter be the property of the City
and County. No such ordinance shall
be passed until the petitioners shall
have paid all the expenses of said pro
ceedings.
Sec. 28. In all cases where lands in
the City and County shall be hereafter
sub-divided and laid out into blocks or
plats, sub-lots, streets and alleys, or
when new streets or public grounds
shall be laid out, opened, donated or
granted to the public by any proprietor,
the map or plat thereof shall be sub
mitted to the Board of Public Works
for its approval, and if the Board ap
prove the same, such approval shall be
by it indorsed upon the said map or
plat, and said map with said approval
shall then be filed in the office of the
Recorder; and without such approval
indorsed thereon no such map or plat
shall be filed in the office of the Re
corder, or have any validity; nor shall
any street, alley, or public ground here
after opened and dedicated as such, be
come or be a public street or be subject
to any public improvement or expense
without such approval, indorsement
and record. No street hereafter laid
out shall be approved or become a pub
lic street unless the same shall be at
least forty feet in width and two hun
dred feet distant from any parallel
street.
Sec. 29. The Board shall annually In
vite proposals for cleaning and sprink
ling such of the streets of the City and
County as the Board shall determine
should be cleaned and sprinkled at the
public expense. Before causing notice
for such proposals to be published the
Board shall divide the City and County
into such number of districts as in its
judgment will best induce competition
for bids, and secure the cleaning and
sprinkling of the streets at the lowest
cost. The Secretary of the Board shall,
under its direction, on the first Monday
in May of each year, cause to be pub
lished for a period of ten days a notice
inviting proposals for cleaning and
sprinkling each of said districts speci
fying in said notice the streets of each
district which are to be cleaned and
sprinkled, the number of times a week
that they are to be cleaned and sprin
kled, and the amount of security to be
given with each contract. Bids shall
be made for each district separately.
All the provisions of this Article in re
lation to the making and opening of
bids, awarding of contracts and enter
ing into and performance of contracts,
shall be applicable to said contracts.
The Board may, at the time it in
vites proposals for said cleaning and
for said sprinkling, also invite propo
sals for said cleaning separately and
for said sprinkling separately, and may
award such contracts accordingly as
may be for the best interest of the City
and County.
The Board may also, with the consent
of the Supervisors expressed by ordin
ance, purchase one or more machines
for sweeping the streets, and may en
ter into contracts for sweeping the
streets with said machines; but the
Board must give the preference to
handsvveeping so far as it can do so
with reference to the proper sweeping
of the streets and to the funds at its
disposal.
Sec. 30. The Board shall cause to be
made all urgent repairs upon the pub
lic streets that may from time to time
be requisite for the public safety, and
for that purpose may employ such la
borers as may be necessary, and at
such wages as may be from time to
time fixed by the Board; but when the
expense of the repairs upon any street
or portion of a street shall exceed the
sum of five hundred dollars, exclusive
of materials to be furnished from the
Corporation Store Tard, the same shall
be done under contract awarded in the
manner provided in this Article.
Sec. 31. The Board shall, from time
to time, after it shall have been direct
ed so to do by the Supervisors by or
dinance, invite proposals for supplying
to the City and County such materials
as may be required for the repair of
the public streets or for any improve
ment thereof, and such proceedings
shall be had in awarding the contracts
therefor as are in this Article provided
for awarding other contracts.
Sec. 32. The Supervisors shall select
some place in the City and County
which shall be known as the Corpora
tion Store Yard, wherein shall be kept
all supplies, material, implements and
machines belonging to the City and
County, to be used in repairing or clean
ing and sprinkling the streets, or for
any improvement thereon. The Board
of Public Works shall appoint a Store
keeper for said Yard, who shall
hold his office during its pleas
ure. He shall have the custody
of said Yard and of all the sup
plies, material and implements therein,'
and shall keep books of account in
which shall be kept a systematic ac
count of all purchases, and of the re
ceipt of sur>nlies and material under
any contracts awarded under the pro- ,
visions of the preceding section, and of
the delivery thereof, which books shall
at all times show the amount of Baid
material and supplies on hand and In
store, and when, to whom, and for
what purpose each article was deliver
ed. He shall be responsible for all ma
terial and supplies in said Yard, and
shall not deliver any article except
upon the written order or requisition
of the President and Secretary of the
Board of Public Works, and he shall
take the written receipt, indorsed upon
said order, of each person to whom
any delivery is made, specifying the
date of such delivery and the amount
and kind of material and supplies de
livered. For any deficiency in his ac
counts or for the delivery of any ar
ticle without such order or requisition
and receipt, he shall be liable upon his
official bond. All cobblestones, or stone
blocks or other material with which
any street or portion of a street may
have been paved or planked shall, if at
any time removed from said street,
be taken to said Yard, and there kept,
accounted for and disposed of by the
Storekeeper in the same manner as
other supplies.
CHAPTER 111.
Opening, Straightening, Widening,
Extending and Changing the
Grade of Streets.
SECTION 1. When an application
shall be made to the Board of Public
Works for the straightening, widening
or extending of any street, or for the
laying out, establishing or opening of
a new street, signed by the
owners of a majority of the
frontage of the lands upon the line
of said street, or proposed street, and
such improvement requires the con
demnation of private property, and the
Board shall' by resolution determine
that the improvement would be of pub
lic benefit, it shall make an estimate
of the expense of such improvement,
and determine by resolution the district
which will be affected by, and should
be assessed for, the expense of such im
provement. No proceedings shall be
had upon the filing of such petition un
til after the persons signing the same
shall have deposited with the Secretary
of the Board an amount of money
which, as may be determined by the
Board, will be sufficient to defray all
the expense that may be incurred in
case the Supervisors shall not pass an
ordinance for said improvement.
Sec. 2. If within three months after
the passage of the resolution determin
ing such district, a majority of the
owners of the land within said district
who shall also be the owners of two
thirds of the superficial square feet of
the property included within said dis
trict, and of three-fourths in value of
said properly — including improvements
thereon — estimating said value accord
ing to the last preceding Assessment
Book of the City and County, shall
present to the Board a petition for said
improvement, verified by their oaths
and describing the lands of which they
are the owners, and showing the
amount at which the same was as
sessed upon the last preceding Assess
ment Book of the City and County, and
stating that they are the owners and
in possession of the lands named in said
petition, the Board shall pass a reso
lution of its intention to recommend
such improvement to the Supervisors,
and shall in such resolution specify a
day upon which it will hear any ob
jections that may be made to such im
provement.
Before passing such resolution of in
tention, the Board shall cause to be
prepared a map or diagram of the dis
trict affected by and to be assessed for
the expense of such improvement, upon
which shall be delineated the several
lots of land upon which said assess
ment is to be levied, and also the lot 3
of land which are to be taken for such
improvement, and showing the name of
the person to whom the said lots were
assessed upon the last Assessment Boole
of the City and County, together with
the amounts of such assessments.
Sec. 3. The Secretary of the Board
shall thereupon cause said resolution
of intention to be published for a pe
riod of thirty days, non-judicial days
excepted, and shall also cause a copy
of said resolution to be deposited, post
age prepaid, in the Post Office at the
City and County, addressed to each
person whose name is delineated upon
said map, at least ten days before the
day named for hearing objections
thereto.
Sec. 4. At any time before the day
fixed in such resolution for hearing ob
jections to such improvement, any per
son interested therein may file with the
Secretary of the Board his objections
thereto, briefly stating- the grounds
thereof and the nature of his interest;
and upon the day fixed for hearing the
same, or some day to which the hear
ing thereof shall then be postponed,
the Board shall proceed to hear and
determine the sufficiency of any objec
tions which may have been filed.
Sec. 5. If the Board shall determine
that such objections are sufficient to
prevent a recommendation of the im
provement, it shall pass a resolution to
that effect, and no further proceedings
shall be had under said petition. If
no objections have been filed, or if the
Board shall determine that the objec
tions filed are insufficient, it may pass
a resolution recommending to the Su
pervisors said improvement, and in its
recommendation shall specially report
to the Supervisors whether in its opin
ion the land within the district speci
fied as affected by said improvement
will be benefited to the extent of th»
expense of said improvement.
Sec. 6. If the Board shall pass a
resolution recommending said improve
ment, the Secretary shall forthwith
transmit to the Clerk of the Supervis
ors a copy of said resolution, together
with the petition, map, estimate of the
expense of said improvement, and any
objections that may have been filed,
and the Supervisors shall at their first
regular meeting thereafter, or at any
meeting to which said hearing may
have been adjourned, pass upon said
recommendation, and may by resolu
tion adopt or reject the same. If said
recommendation is rejected no further
action shall be had thereon or upon
said petition. If the Supervisors shall
adopt said recommendation, they shall
within thirty days thereafter pass an
ordinance .providing for said improve
ment, and may in said ordinance pre
scribe such rules for the conduct of the
Board of Public Works respecting the
assessment and valuation to be made
by said Board, and providing for the
condemnation of said lands, and tho
collection of said assessment, in addi
tion to, and not inconsistent with, the
rules herein prescribed, as to said Su
pervisors shall seem expedient. Upon
the passage of said ordinance the Clerk
of the Supervisors shall transmit a cer
tified copy thereof to the Board of Public
"Works.
Sec. 7. Upon the receipt by the
Board of a certified copy of said ordi
nance the Board shall cause to be
made an accurate survey of the con
templated improvement, and a map
thereof, upon which shall be deline
ated each and every lot of land to be
taken or appropriated for the purposes
of the intended improvement, showing
its extent in feet and inches, and also
each and every lot of land within the
district determined to be affected by,
and which is to be assessed for, the
cost and expanse of said improvement.
After said survey and map are made,
the Board shall pass a resolution fix
ing a day on or after which it will pro
ceed to value the several lots of land
to be taken for the purpose of the in
tended improvement, and ascertain
and determine the damages and bene
fits which may result therefrom.
The Secretary of the Board shall
cause said resolution to be published
for a period of ten days before the day
fixed in said resolution for proceeding
to make said valuation.
In estimating the damage to any lot
by reason of any portion of said lot
having been taken for public use, as
herein provided, the measure of dam
age to said lot shall be the difference
at the time of said appropriation b*tween the value of said lot In its en
tirety ar.d its value as reduced in size
by the appropriation of a part thereof
to said public use. The expense of the
improvement shall include the value
cf the land taken, with the improve
ments, if any, thereon, and the expense
of the proceedings for its appropriation
or condemnation.
Sec. 8. On the day named In said
notice and upon such other days as the
matter may be continued to, from time
to ■ time, the Board shall proceed to
value the several parcels of land nec
essary to be taken for the purpose of
the intended improvement. Such value
shall be ascertained as of the time of
eaid inquiry, Independently of any ap
preciation or depreciation that may be
causnd to the sime by reason* of BUCh
intended improvement, and the Board
Khali fix such valuation as the amount
to be given to the owners therefor.
The Board shall also assess the bene
fits and damages which may result
from the contemplated improvement
of the lands within said district, and
shall distribute the total value of all
the lands and Improvements taken, to
gether with the damages, if any,
caused by said improvement to the ad
jacent hinds, and the estimated cost
and expense of said improvement, in
the form of nn assessment upon each
ard every lot of land within the dis
trict determined to be affected by said
improvement in proportion to the ben
efits which the Board shall determine
will be received by said lots and landi.
Pec 9. The meetings of the Board,
when engaged in making eaid valua
tion and assessment, shall be public
and held at the office of the Board, and
all persons interested In euch valua
tion and assessment shall have the
right to be present and be heard in
person or by counsel. All persons
claiming any interest In the lands to
be taken for' said improvement, or that
will be damaged thereby, are required
at or during such hearing, to file with
the Board, plats, and a description of
th-Mr respective lots of land.
Bee 10. In making said assessment
cml valuation the Commissioners shall
art as a Board, and said assessment
valuation shall be authenticated
by the signatures of said Commission
ers, ami e\ ry assessment and valua
tion bo authenticated and recorded in
the Book of Assessments for Condem
nation shall be prima facie evidence
of the correctness and regularity of all
the proceedings of said Hoard and of
the Supervisors prior to the date of
BUch r ■
li. In determining the valuation
i ■; the property whi< h is taken for said
Improvement the Board shall in its re
port set forth, under appropriate head
ings, a brief description of each lot
thereof, the amount allowed for the
same, the name of the owner of each
lot, when known (and if unknown, that
fact shall be stated), and the name of
ai y claimant thereto, or to any inter
est' therein; and in making the assess
ment for the expense of said improve
ment the Board shall set forth in the
assessment, tinder appropriate head
ings, a brief description of each lot
Bed, the amount assessed against
the same, the person to whom said
property was assessed upon the next
preceding Assessment Book of the City
and County, the owner thereof, if
known (and if unknown, that fact shall
be Btated), ar.d the total amount of the
c of said improvement.
Sec. 12. Upon the completion of said
. ition and assessment, the Board
Bhall cause to be published for ten days
: tice of the completion of said as
-iient and valuation, notifying all
parties therein to examine the same;
and for that purpose said assessment,
valuation and map shall be opened
;and exhibited to public inspection at
the office of the Board for thirty days
after the first publication of said no
tice. During said period of thirty
days, but not thereafter, the Board
may alter, change or modify said as
sessment. Upon the expiration of said
..thirty days it shall complete the same
.In the form of a report and schedule,
embracing the value of the lands taken
and the assessment of said value, to
er with the expense of the im
provement, as hereinbefore provided,
upon the several l"ts of land embraced
within the aforesaid district. Said re
port and schedule shall, within sixty
ter the first publication of the
last 1 notice, be filed in the
the County Clerk, together
with . signed by the President
i. to the Superior Court,
praying for a Judgment cf said Court
confirming the assessment contained
therein against the respective lots
therein described as assessed, and for
the f nd< mnation and conveyance to
the City and County, upon thepayment
• of the v,.lue thereof as ascertained by
said report, of each of the lots of land
••■: In said petition to be necessary
to be taken for said improvement.
Pec. 18. on filing such petition, and
upon application to said Court, the
Presiding Judge thereof shall appoint
some day. not less than ten nor more
than thirty days thereafter, as the
time when any objections to the con
firmation of said report will be heard
by said Court. The rierk of said Court
shall thereupon cause to be published
for ten days in the official newspaper,
a notice of the filing of said report and
of the day assigned for the hearing of
any objections that may be made there
to. Any party interested therein may
at any time before the day assigned for
the hearing thereof file in said Court
his objections in writing to the confirm
ation of the same, specifying his objec
ts : s; and all objections not specified
be deemed waived. Upon the day
: In said order said Court shall pro
: to the h'-arlng of any objections
that may I ye been filed to the con
. finnation I ■: ■ port. Upon proof of
publication of said notice said Court
ehall have and take Jurisdiction of said
rt and of the subject matter
thereof as a special proceeding: and
Upon sad day and at any other time
or times to which said hearing may be
urned may hear the allegations of
the parties and proofs adduced in sup
port of the same, and may confirm said
report, or change, alter or modify the
pam°, or cause the same to be changed
altered or modified by said P.nard. Said
rment of confirmation shall be a
lien upon each lot of land described In
Baid report for the amount assessed
• s< the same, and shall provide for
the- conveyance to the City and County
of en eh and every of the lots of land
declared necessary for the purpose of
■v ment. upon the payment of
. the value thereof as fixed 'by such
Judgmi nt. Said lien shall remain in
until said assessment is paid or
legally discharged.
See 1 !. Any person who has filed
objections to the confirmation of said
• report may appeal from said judgment
to the Bupreme C >urt at any time with
in thirty days after th* entry of such
Judgment. The amount of the under
taking on such appeal shall be fixed by
eaid Presiding Judge, and such under
taking shall be made payable to the
City and County. For the purposes of
such appeal the judgment roll of the
proceedings in the Superior Court shall
consist of the report, objections. Judg
ment and bill of exceptions, or so much
thereof as may be necessary to deter
mine said appeal. Tf said judgment be
reversed or modified the Superior Court
ehall take such proceedings as will
cause said assessment and valuation
to be made In accordance with the de
cision of the Supreme CouVt. The City
Attorney shall act as the attorney for
the Board of Public Works in proceed
ings under this Chapter.
Foe. 18. After the confirmation of
paid report, if the time for appealing
hns expired, or if an appeal has been
taken and the judgment appealed from
has been affirmed, upon the application
of the Board of Public Works the Clerk
of the Superior Court shall issue a cer
tificate to that effect to paid Board;
and said assessment shall then be re
corded In fhe Book of Assessments for
Condemnation kept for that purpose,
and the record thereof signed by the
President and Secretary of said Board.
The Secretary shall then deliver to the
Tax Collector the assessment so con
«rmed and recorded, together with said
i certificate of said Clerk, and a warrant
j to the Tax Collector directing him to
! collect the said assessment. The Tax
Collector shall, if any part of said as
sessment is not paid within twenty
days after said assessment, certificate
a.nd warrant shall have been delivered
to him, give notice in the official news
paper by ten days' publication therein
that he will, on a day and time certain,
to be not more than ten days after the
expiration of said publication, sell such
of the lots of land on which the assess
ment thereon remains unpaid, describ
ing each of said lots so delinquent, to
gether with the amount of the assess
ment and costs due on each, and shall
include as part of said costs five per
centum on the amount due on each as
sessment so delinquent, as and for the
expenses of said sale. He shall there
upon sell such lots pursuant to such
notice. Redemption may be made from
such sale within the time and in the
manner and on the terms as on sales
made under execution as provided in
the Code of Civil Procedure of this
State. If any amount remain
in the hands of the Tax Collector
as a result of the collection of said as
sessment beyond tLac necessary to
make the compensation provided for in
the next succeeding section, and to pay
the necessary expenses of said sale,
such surplus shall be paid by him pro
portionately to those whose land has
been sold as aforesaid.
Sec. 16. Upon the report of the Tax
Collector to the Supervisors that the
amount of said assessment has been
collected and paid into the treasury,
the Supervisors shall order to be paid
out of the treasury the Bums fixed In
said Judgment as the compensation for
the lands to be taken for said Improve
ment; and upon the delivery to the
Treasurer by any person entitled to re
ceive compensation for any lot of land
so taken, of a conveyance of said lot
of land to the City and County, ap
proved by the City Attorney, and a
certificate from the City Attorney that
such person is entitled to the compen
sation for the lands described in said
conveyance, the Treasurer shall pay to
said person the amount awarded for
said lot by said judgment of condemna
tion, after the demand therefor has
been audited by the Auditor.
Sec. 17. If the owner of any of said
lots or sub-divisions neglect or refuse
for ten days to make and deliver such
conveyance, or be unable by reason of
incapacity to make a good and suffi
cient conveyance thereof to the City
and County, or If the City Attorney
shall certify that the title to any of
said lots is in dispute or uncertain, or
that there are conflicting claimants to
the amount awarded as compensation
therefor, or to any part thereof, a war
rant upon the treasury for the payment
of the amount so awarded shall "be by
order of the Supervisors drawn by the
President and Secretary of the Board
of Public Works, together with a cer
tificate of the Treasurer indorsed
thereon that the said warrant has been
registered by him and that there ar«
funds in the treasury set apart to pay
the same, shall be deposited with the
County Clerk; and thereupon, upon a
petition to said presiding Judge by the
President of thcsaid ßoard, settingforth
said facts, said Judge shall issue ar»
order ex parte directing the Sheriff to
place said Board in the possession of
said land.
Sec. IS. At any time thereafter any
claimant to said award, or any part
thereof, may file his petition in said
Superior Court against all parties in
interest for an adjudication of all con
flicting claims to the same, or for an
order that the same be paid to him,
and thereupon such proceedings shall
be had thereon as may be agreeable
to law and equity. Upon entry of final
judgment in such proceeding, the
County Clerk shall, after said demand
has been audited by the Auditor, col
lect the warrant and pay the proceeds
to the person or persons named in said
judgment as entitled thereto. It shall
be provided in said judgment that be
fore receiving the proceeds of said war
rant said party, or some one author
ized in his behalf, shall make and ex
ecute to said City and County and de
liver to the County Clerk a sufficient
conveyance of said lot of land. Im
mediately after taking possession of
the land required for said street, the
Board shall report that fact to the Su
pervisors.
Sec. 19. If any member of the Board
be interested in any of the land to be
taken or assessed for such Improve
ment, the Mayor shall appoint, for the
purpose of making the said assess
ment and valuation only, some compe
tent person to act as one of the Com
missioners therefor, who shall possess
the same qualifications as are provided
for said Commissioners, and who, be
fore entering upon his duties, shall
take the oath of office required of said
Commissioners, and enter into a bond
for such amount as may be fixed by the
Supervisors.
Sec. 20. The Supervisors may, on the
written recommendation of the Board
of Public Works, change the grade of
any street or street crossing In the
manner and to the grade set out In
such recommendation; hut no grade
shall be changed unless the same pro
ceedings are taken by way of provid
ing compensation to those who may
suffer damage by such change of
grade, so far as such proceedings may
be applicable, as are hereinbefore pro
vided in the matter of oper.ing,
straightening, widening and extending
streets: and where such proceedings
are not applicable they may be sup
plemented by ordinance of the Super
visors.
CHAPTER IV.
Sawers and Drainage.
SECTION 1. The Board of Public
Works shall devise a general system
of drainage, which shall embrace all
matters relative to the thorough, sys
tematic and effectual drainage of the
City and County, and shall from time
to time make to the Supervisors such
recommendations upon the subject of
sewerage and drainage as it may deem
proper.
Sec. 2. The Board shall prescribe the
location, form and material to be used
in the construction, reconstruction and
repairing of all public sewers, man
holes, sinks, drains, cesspools, and all
other appurtenances belonging to the
drainage system, and of every private
drain or sewer emptying into a public
sewer, and determine the place and
manner of the connection.
Sec. 3. The Board shall recommend
to the Supervisors rules and regula
tions concerning the public and private
sewers and drains in the City and
County, and upon recommendation of
said Board, the Supervisors are author
ized to pass an ordinance establishing
the same and prescribing the penalties
for any violation thereof.
Sec. 4. No person shall connect with,
or open or penetrate any, public sewer
or drain without first obtaining a per
mit in writing from said Board, and
complying with the rules and regula
tions of the Board in reference thereto.
Pec. 5. The Board may also recom
mend to the Supervisors the construc
tion of such canals, sewers, tunnels,
ditches, drains, embankments, reser
voirs, pumping works, machinery and
other works necessary for the proper
and effectual drainage of the City and
County, together with plans for con
necting the same with sewers and pri
vate drains already constructed or
thereafter to be constructed.
Sec. 6. The Supervisors may, upon
the recommendation of the Board of
Public Works, by ordinar.ee passed by
not less than fourteen affirmative votes,
authorize the purchase of any personai
property or the acquisition by purchase
or condemnation of any real estate
which may be necessary for the con
struction of any sewer or the making of
any improvement provided for In this
Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Board may. with the like
approval of the Supervisors, agree with
the owners of any real estate, upon
which it is deemed desirable to con
struct any sewer or other improvement
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FKAJN ! CISCO.
relative to sewerage or drainage, upon
the amount of damage to be paid to
such owners for the purpose of such
Improvement and for the perpetual use
of said real estate for said purpose.
Sec. 8. The Board may, when au
thorized by ordinance of the Supervis
ors passed by not less than fourteeen
affirmative votes, construct such sew
ers, reservoirs and pumping works as
may be necessary to carry out the gen
eral system of sewerage for the City
and County. .
Sec. 9. When, upon the recommenda
tion of the Board of Public Works, the
Supervisors shall determine upon any
improvement for the purpose of sewer
age and drainage which necessitates
the acquisition or condemnation of pri
vate property, and the Board is unable
to agree with the owner thereof, upon
the amount of compensation or dam
ages to be paid therefor, or when such
owner is in any way incapable of mak
ing any agreement in reference thereto,
and in all cases in which the Board
shall deem It most expedient, it shall,
when authorized by the Supei-visors ex
pressed by ordinance, have the right to
cause said property to be condemned,
and to institute proceedings for the
condemnation of such property, or for
the ascertainment of such damages in
the manner, so far as may be applica
ble, which is provided in this Article for
the condemnation of real estate when
necessary for the opening of any new
street.
CHAPTER V.
Harbors and Wharves.
SECTION L All the Wharves, Water
Front and Harbor of San Francisco
which now belong or may hereafter be
long to the City and County, or over
which It may at any time lawfully ex
ercise jurisaiction and control, shall be
under the management and control of
the Supervisors. All said wharves shall
be built and repaired by the Board of
Public Works, after proceedings had
as provided In this Article for the im
provement or repair of public build
ings.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall by ordi
nance fix and regulate the tolls for
wharfage and dockage, and shall pro
vide for the collection of the same, ex
cept where the wharves are under the
jurisdiction of the Board of State Har
bor Commissioners, or may provide
that no charges, tolls, dockage or
wharfage be imposed or collected. The
Supervisors shall not have power to
dispose of any wharf, but they may
lease any wharf for a term not exceed
ing two years.
ARTICLE VIL
PUBLIC SCHOOLS AND LIBRA
RIES.
CHAPTER I.
The Soard of Education.
SECTION 1. The School Department i
shall be under the control and manage- !
ment of a Board of Education com- i
posed of four School Directors, who
shall be appointed by the Mayor, and
who shall give their entire time to the
duties of their office. They shall each :
receive an annual salary of three thou- j
sand dollars. They shall not be less j
than thirty years of age and must have
been residents of the City and County ;
for at least five years prior to their ap
pointment. The Board shall never be
so constituted as to consist of more j
than two members of the same pollti- i
cal party. The term of office of the Di
rectors shall be four years. Those first
appointed shall so classify themselves
by lot that they shall respectively go
out of office at the expiration of one, I
two, three and four years.
Sec. 2. The 3oard shall organize by
electing one of its number President,
who shall serve for one year and until
his successor is elected. The Board may
elect a Secretary who shall not be a
: member of the Board, and who shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Board shall meet at least :
: once a week and at such other times as
it may determine. It shall establish
rules for its proceedings; but the con
current vote of the majority of its
members shall be necessary to transact
business. In every Instance where a
power is exercised under this Article by
the Board the vote thereon shall be
taken by ayes and noes and entered in
: the minutes o-f the Board.
CHAPTER Li.
Schools.
SECTION 1. The School Department
shall comprise all the public schools of
the City and County and shall include
primary and grammar schools and may
Include evening, deportment, technical,
cosmopolitan, high and normal schools.
Sec. 2. Adults shall be entitled to free
instruction in the evening schools; but
no child under fourteen years of age
shall be admitted to such schools.
CHAPTER 111.
Powers of the Board of Education.
SECTION 1. In addition to the powers
conferred by the general laws of the
State, the Board of Education shall
have power:
1. To establish and maintain public
schools as provided in this Article, and
to change, modify, consolidate or dis
continue the same as the public wei
fare may require.
2. To employ such teachers and per
sons as may be necessary to carry into
effect its powers and duties; to fix,
alter and approve their salaries ajid
compensation, and to withhold for good
and sufficient cause the whole or any
part of the wages, salary or compensa
tion of any person or persons employed
as aforesaid; and to promote, transfer
and dismiss teachers; but no teacher
in the department at the time of the
adoption of this Charter, or who shall
be hereafter appointed, shall be dis
missed from the department, except
for insubordination, immoral or unpro
fessional conduct, or evident unfitness
for teaching. All promotions of teachers
shall be based solely on merit and suc
cessful teaching. Nothing in this sec
tion shall be construed to prevent the
Board from removing teachers holding
only special certificates or serving a
probationary term. Charges against
teachers must be formally made by the
Sifperintenelent after due Investigation,
and shall be finally passed upon by the
Board after giving the accused teacher
due hearing.
3. To grant, to renew and. for the
causes mentioned in section one, sub
division two, of this Chapter, to re
voke, teachers' certificates.
4. To establish and enforce all nec
essary rules and regulations for the
government and efficiency of the
schools and for carrying Into effect
the school system; to remedy truancy;
to compel the attendance at school of
children between the ages of six and
fourteen years who may be found Idle
in public places during school hours.
5. To investigate charges against
any person connected with or in the
employ of the School Department, and
to take testimony in such investiga
tions.
6. To receive, to take on lease and to
hold in trust for the City and County
any real estate belongrinp to or claimed
by the School Department. To hold in
trust all personal property thit may
have bfen or may hereafter be ac
quired by the School Department.
T. On or before the first day In April
in each year, to appoint School Onsus
Marshals, and notify the Superintend
ent of Common hot Is of such appoint
ments. Any Census Marshal found in
competent may be discharged by the
Superintendent of Common Schools.
Should the Board fail or negrleet to fili
the vacancy bo caused within threedays
thereafter by the appointment of a per
son competent to perfor.n the d-ities of
Census Marshal, such vacancy may be
fJlt>d by the Superintendent of Com
nion Schools.
8. To aue in the name of the City and
County for lots, lands and property be- j
longing to or claimed by the School j
Department. To prosecute and defend
all actions at law or special proceedings
or suits in equity concealing the enjoy
ment and possession cf such lots, lands
and property. To require the services
of the City Attorney in all actions,
suits and proceedings by or against the
Board of Education.
9. To establish regulations for the
disbursement of all moneys belonging
to the School Department or to the |
Common School Fund, and to secure i
strict accountability in the expenditure !
j thereof; to provide for the prompt pay- !
I ment, on not later than the fifth day of j
every month, of all salaries due and al- j
lowed officers, teachers and other em- j
ployees of the School Department. For i
this purpose the Auditor shall annually ;
segregate so much of the Common !
School Fund as shall not exceed twen
ty-eight dollars for each pupil in av
erage daily attendance in the Public
Schools of the City and County during
the preceding fiscal year. The amount
so segregated shall not be applied to the
payment of any demand against such j
Common School Fund during any fiscal '
year other than for salaries, until all i
salaries for that fiscal year have been j
fully paid or provided for. The Board
shall ascertain and transmit to the Au
ditor on or before the first Monday in
April of each year an estimate of the j
amount required for such segregation
within such limit of twenty-eight dol
lars.
10. All demands payable out of the
Common School Fund shall be filed
with tha Secretary of the Board of Ed
ucation, and after they have been ap
proved by the Board, they shall be |
signed by the President of the Board ;
and the Superintendent and sent to the
Auditor. Every demand shall have en
dorsed upon it a certificate, signed by
the Secretary, of Its approval by the
Board of Education, showing the
date thereof, and the law authoriz
ing It by title, date and section.
Every person In the employ of
the School Department entitled to
a salary therefrom shall receive a
warrant for the amount due and ap
proved by the Board, signed by the i
President and Secretary thereof. The j
entire monthly salary roll of the De
partment shali he made up by the Sec
retary of the Board, and after being |
duly audited by the Finance Committee
thereof and approved by a majority of ;
all the members of the Board, shall be j
endorsed in the same manner as other
demands. The salary roll so audited,
approved and endorsed, shall be imme
diately transmitted to the Auditor not
later than the third day of every month
for comparison with the individual sal
ary warrants issued in the manner j
above provided; but payments shall be I
made only on the Individual warrants !
issued in accordance herewith.
11. To lease to the highest responsi- !
ble bidder, for the benefit of the? Com
mon School Fund, for a term not ex
ceeding twenty years, any real property
of the School Department not required
for school purposes; but no lease shall
be made except after advertisement for
bids for at least fifteen days in the offi
cial newspaper and by an affirmative
vote of at least three members of the
Board approved by an ordinance of the
Supervisors.
12. To receive and manage property
or money acquired by bequest or dona
tion in trust for the benefit of any I
school, educational purpose or school '
library; to carry into effect the terms ;
of any bequest not in conflict with the
general laws or this Charter; and to sell
such personal property as shall no
longer be required for uso in the
schools. All moneys realized by such
sales shall be at once paid into the
treasury to the credit of the Common
School Fund.
Sec. 2. The Board shall annually, be
fore the first day of May, make a list of
supplies estimated to be required by the
School Department for the ensuing fis
cal year, stating in clear and explicit !
terms the quantity and kind of articles :
needed and how and when they shall be ;
delivered, and shall invite proposals for j
furnishing the same by advertising
therefor for at least ten days in the
official newspaper.
The provisions of Article 11. Chapter j
111, of this Charter, in regard to the ad- |
vertising for proposals, the affidavit
and security accompanying the same,
the presentation and opening of propo- i
sals, the awarding of contracts and the
security for the performance thereof,
shall, so far as the same can be made
applicable, apply to all proposals and
contracts made, awarded or entered
Into for furnishing supplies to the
School Department. Any contract made
In violation of any provision of this I
Article shall be void.
Sec. 3. The Board shall, during each
year, transmit to the Supervisors a re- !
port in writing for the preceding fiscal
year, stating the number of schools
within its jurisdiction, the length of
time they have been kept open, the
number of pupils tauerht In each school,
the average daily attendance of pu
pils in all the public schools, the
number, names and salaries of teach
ers, the dates of their appointments
and the character of the certificates
held by them, the amount of money ;
drawn from the treasury by the De
partment during the year, distinguish-
Ing the State fund from all others, the
purpose for which such money has been
expended, with particulars, and such
other information as may be required
by the State Superintendent, the Super
visors or the Mayor.
Sec. 4. The Board shall, between th? j
first and twenty-first days of May of
each year, adopt a schedule of salaries j
for the next ensuing fiscal year for !
teachers and all employees of the '
School Department.
CHAPTER IV.
Superintendent of Schools.
SECTION 1. The Superintendent of
Common Schools of the City and Coun
ty shall be by virtue of his office a
member of the Board of Education,
without the right to vote. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of four thousand
dollars.
Sec. 2. The Superintendent shall ap
point four Deputy Superintendents.
The number of such deputies shall not
be increased until the average daily at
tendance shall have reached forty-five
thousand, when the Superintendent
shall appoint one additional deputy,
and thereafter he shall appoint one
deputy for each additional eight
thousand children In average daily
attendance. If from any cause a
vacancy occurs in the office of Deputy
Superintendents such vacancy shall be
filled by the Superintendent.
Sec. 3. Of the Deputy Superin
tendents first appointed, the Superin
tendent shall appoint two for two
years and two for four years. All
Deputy Superintendents subsequently
appointed shall hold office for four
years.
Sec. 4. Such deputies must have had
at least ten years' successful experi
ence as teachers, and shall have been
residents of the City and County at
least five years preceding their ap
pointment.
Sec. 5. In addition to the duties im
posed by the general laws of the State,
it shall be the duty of the Superin
tendent:
1. To observe and enforce all rules
and regulations of the Board of Educa
tion nnd to see that no religious or sec
tarian books or teachings are allowed
in the schools.
2. To report to the Board of Educa
tion annually, on or before the twen
tieth day of August, and at such other
times as the Board may require, all
matters pertaining to the condition and
progress of the public schools of the
City and County during the fiscal year,
with such recommendations as he may
deem proper.
3. To inform the Board of the con
dition of the schools, schoolhouses and
of other matters connected therewith,
and to recommend such measures as
he may deem necessary for the ad
vancement of education in the City and
County, and for the care and improve-
I ment of the property of the School De
| partment.
4. To visit and examine with the as
sistance of his deputies all the schools
at least twice a year and determine
their standing and classification. To
recommend rules for the promotion of
pupils from grade to grade, from
school to school, and for the transfer
and the graduation of pupils.
6. To recommend to the Board the
courses of studies; the text-books and
books for supplementary use in the
; public schools and the purchase of such
! apparatus, book?, stationery and other
! class-room supplies as may be required
in the schools.
6. To report to the Board once a
| month upon the standing of schools cx
i ainined by him and his deputies.
Sec. 6. The Superintendent and his
I deputies shall constitute the City
Board of Examination, and shall have
power:
1. To examine applicants, and to
prescribe a standard of proficiency,
i which will entitle the person examined
j to receive:
a. A high school certificate, valid for
' six years, which shall authorize the
I holder to teach any primary, gram
| mar, or high school in the City and
County.
b. A City certificate, grammar
grade, valid for six years, which shall
| authorize the holder to teach any
primary or grammar school in the City
and County.
o. A City certificate, primary grade,
valid for two years, which shall au
thorize the holder to teach any primary
school in the City and County. They
ehall report the result of the examlna-
I tlon to the Board of Education, and
i the Board shall thereupon Issue to the
successful candidates the certificates
to which they shall be entitled.
2. To recommend applicants for
special certificates valid for a period
not to exceed six years, upon such
special studies as may be authorized by
the Board of Education.
3. For immoral or unprofessional
conduct, profanity, intemperance, or
i evident unfltness for teaching, to
j recommend to the Board of Education
; the revocation of any certificates pre
viously granted by the Board.
4. To recommend the granting of
City certificates and the renewal
thereof, in the manner provided for the
granting and renewal of County cer
tificates by County Boards nf Educa
| tlon in section seventeen hundred and
seventy-five of the Political Code.
CHAPTER V.
School Tax Levy.
SECTION 1. The Board of Education
I shall, on or before the first Monday of
I April in each year, report to the Super
| visors an estimate of the amount which
I shall be required during the ensuing
fiscal year for the purpose of meeting
the current annual expenses of public
instruction in the City and County,
specifying the amount required for sup
plies to be furnished pupils, including
text books for indigent children; for
purchasing and procuring sites; for
leasing rooms or erecting buildings; for
furnishing, fitting up, altering, enlarg
ing and repairing buildings; for the
support of schools organized since the
last annual apportionment; for the sal
ary of the School Directors, Superinten
| dent. Deputy Superintendents, and all
i other persons employed in the School
! Department, and for other expenditures
: necessary for the administration of the
Public School System; but the aggre
gate amount so reported for any one
year shall not exceed the sum of thirty
■ two dollars and fifty cents for each pu
pil, who in the fiscal year immediately
prior thereto actually attended the
! schools entitled to participate in the
apportionment thereof.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors at the time
1 and in the manner of levying and col
lecting other city and county taxes
shall levy and cause to be collected for
I the Common School Fund a tax which,
, added to the regular revenue derived
from other sources, shall produce an
amount of money which shall not ex
; ceed thirty-two dollars and fifty cents
| for each pupil in attendance during the
i preceding fiscal year, as ascertained
I and reported by the Board of Educa
tion.
Sec. 3. In case of extreme emergency
or great calamity, such as disaster from
' fire, riot, earthquake or public enemy,
the Board of Education may, with the
approval of the Mayor and Supervisors,
incur extraordinary expenditures in cx
i cess of the annual limit provided for in
this Charter, for the repair and con
; struction and furnishing of school
; houses in place of those so injured or
destroyed. The Supervisors may, by
ordinance, cause to be transferred to
: the Common School Fund, from moneys
in any fund not otherwise appropriated,
sufficient money to liquidate such ex
penditures, and provide for the same in
the next tax levy of the City and Coun
jty.
CHAPTER VI.
School Houses and Lots.
SECTION 1. When any locality in
the City and County is unprovided
with sufficient school accommodations,
the Board of Education may, by reso
lution, make a requisition upon the
Board of Public Works for plans and
specifications and estimates for a new
school house, specifying the number of
class rooms needed, the location of the
proposed school house, the date on *
which it should be completed, the
amount of money in the School Fund
available for the purpose, and such
other information as will enable the
Board of Public Works to prepare the
necessary plans, specifications and esti
mates of cost for such school house.
If such plans, specifications and esti
mates are approved by the Board of
Education, they shall be endorsed i
"Approved," with the date of such ap
proval, by the President and Secretary
thereof, and returned to the Board of
Public Works, which shall proceed
Without delay to have such school
house constructed and completed in ac
cordance therewith.
When such school house Is complet
ed, the Board of Public Works shall
notify the Board of Education to ex
amine the same, and if it has been
built in accordance with the plans and
specifications and within the estimated
cost thereof, the Board of Education
shall accept and tako possession of it.
Sec. 2. When an- school house. build
ing, fence or other property belonging
to, or connected with, or under th«
control of, the Board of Education"
needs repairing-, altering or improv
ing, the Board shall notify the
Board of Public Works, specifying
in general terms the work to be
done. The Board of Public Works
shall cause the same to be done forth
with, if the cost thereof shall not ex
ceed two hundred and fifty dollars*
otherwise the Board of Public Works
shall submit plans, specifications and
estimates of cost to the Board of Edu
cation for its approval, and if approved
as provided in section one of this Chap
ter, the Board of Public Works shall
cause the same to be done, and if done
in accordance with the plans and speci
fications, and within such estimate, the
same shall be accepted and shall ba
paid for out of the Common School
Fund.
Sec. 3. When it is necessary to pur
chase a lot for the use of the School
Department, the price paid for such lot
shall not exceed the market value of
adjacent property of equal size and
similarly situated. Any school build
ing hereafter constructed shall have a
clear space of at least ten feet around
the same.
CHAPTER VII.
Public Library and Reading Rooms.
SECTION 1. The Public Library and
Reading 1 Rooms of the City and County
shall be under the management of a
Board of twelve Trustees, one of whom
shall be the Mayor of the City and Coun
ty, who shall be a member of the Board
by virtue of his office. The Board of
Trustees of said Library and Reading
Rooms in office at the time this Char
ter shall take effect shall continue to
! constitute the Board of Trustees of I
' said Public Library and Reading I
Rooms; and all vacancies therein shall
be filled by said Board. None of said
Trustees shall receive any compensa
tion for his services.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall, for
the purpose of maintaining such ]
Library and Reading Rooms and j
! such branches thereof as the Board of j
Library Trustees may from time to
; time establish, and for purchasing
books, journals and periodicals, and for
purchasing or leasing real and personal
property, and for constructing such
! buildings as may be necessary, an
nually levy a tax on all property in j
! the City and County not exempt from j
i taxation which shall not be less than !
one and one-half cents nor more than !
two and one-half cents upon each o-ne j
hundred dollars assessed valuation of I
said property. The proceeds of said j
; tax shall be credited to the Library I
Fund.
Sec. 3. All revenue from such tax,
; together with all money or property
: derived by gift, devise, bequest or
i otherwise, for the purpose of the Lt
brary, shall be paid into the treasury i
and be designated as the Library
Fund and be applied to the purposes i
herein authorized. If such payment j
Into the treasury should be inconsistent i
with the conditions or terms of any I
such gift, devise or bequest, the Board [
shall provide for the safety and pres
ervation of the same and the applica
tion thereof to the use of the Library
and Reading Rooms, In accordance with
the terms and conditions of such gift,
devise or bequest.
Sec. 4. The title to ail property, real
and personal now owned or hereafter
acquired by purchase, gift, devise, be- !
quest or otherwise, for the purpose of j
the Library and Reading Rooms, when |
not inconsistent with the terms of its :
acquisition, shall vest in the City and
County, and In the name of the City j
and County may be sued for and de- i
fended by action at law or otherwise.
Sec. 5. The Board shall take charge !
of the Public Library and Reading I
Rooms, and the branches thereof, and j
of all real and personal property there- ;
unto belonging, or that may be ac- !
quired by loan, purchase, gift, devise i
or otherwise, when not inconsistent i
with the terms and conditions of the I
j gift, devise or bequest. It shall meet j
' for business purposes at least once a \
j month, and at such other times as It I
may appoint in a place to be provided '■
for the purpose. A majority of the ;
Board shall constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business. It shall
elect one of its number President, i
who shall serve for one year and until I
his successor is elected, and shall elect j
j a Librarian and Secretary and such as- I
I sistants as may be necessary. The '
Secretary' shall keep a full account of j
all property, mon"", receipts and ex
penditures and a record of all its pro
ceedings.
Sec. 6. The Board, by a majority vote
of all its members to be recorded in Its i
' minutes with the ayes and noes, shall
; have power:
1. To make and enforce all rules,
regulations and by-laws necessary for
I the administration, government and
j protection of the Library and Reading
j Rooms and branches thereof, and all
! property belonging thereto, or that
; may be loaned thereto.
2. To administer any trust declared
Or created for such Library and Read
: ing Rooms and branches thereof, and i
! provide memorial tablets and niches to j
I perpetuate the memory of those per- :
; sons who may make valuable donations j
| thereto.
3. To define the powers and pre
! scribe the duties of all officers; deter
: mine the number of and elect all nec
! essary subordinate officers and asslst
! ants, and for good and sufficient cause
to remove any officer or assistant.
4. To purchase books, journals, pub
lications and other personal property.
5. To order the drawing and pay- I
ment upon vouchers, certified by the j
: President and Secretary, of money I
\ from the Library Fund" for any liability i
or authorized expenditure.
6. To fix the salaries of the Librarian
\ and Secretary and their assistants:
and, with the approval of the Super
visors, expressed by ordinance, to erect
and equip such building or buildings, \
1 room or rooms, as may be necessary i
I for the Library- and Reading Rooms
j and branches thereof.
; 7. To establish such branches of the
Library and Rending Rooms as the
; growth of the City and County may
; from time to time demand.
Sec. S. The Supervisors shall have !
; power to appropriate and authorize '
the use. either in whoje or In part, of
any real estate belonging to the City j
nnd County, for the purpose of erect*- I
; ins: and maintaining a building or !
> buildings thereon to be ueed for the !
Library and Reading Rooms. or !
branches thereof, and may appropriate \
the whole or any portion of any public '
building belonging to the City and :
County for such use.
ARTICLE VIII.
POLICE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
Organization.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall consist of a Board of Police Com
missioners, a Chief of Police, a Police
Force, and of such clerks and em
ployes as shall be necessary to carry
into effect the provisions of this
Article.
Sec. 2. All members of the Police De
partment shall hold office during good
behavior, subject to the provisions
hereinafter set forth relating to pro
motions, suspensions, dismissals and
disratements.
Sec. 3. No person shall become a
member of the Department unless he
shall be a citizen of the United States, i
of good character for honesty and so- !
briety, able to read and write the Eng
lish language, and a resident of the
City and County for at least five years
next preceding his appointment
Every appointee to the Department
shall not be less than twenty-one nor
more than thirty-five years of age,
must possess the physical qualifications
required for recruits of the United
States Army, and before his appoint
ment must pass a satisfactory medical
examination under such rules and
regulations as may be prescribed by
the Board of Police Commissioners
In making appointments of members
of the Department, the Board shall
never regard the political or religious
preferences or affiliations of any can
didate.
CHAPTER 11.
Police Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall be under the management of a
Board of Police Commissioners consist
ing of four members who shall be ap
pointed by the Mayor, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed such Commissioner >
who shall not have been an elector of :
the City and County for at least five ;
years next preceding his appointment.
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so
constituted as to consist of more than
two members of the same political
party. The term of office of the Com
missioners shall be four years. Those
first appointed shall so classify them- :
selves by lot that they shall respec
tively go out of office at the expiration
of one, two, three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
successors in office of the Police
Commissioners holding office in the
City and County at the time this
Charter shall go into effect by virtue of
appointment under any statute or law
of this State.
Sec. 4. The Police Commissioners
shall organize by electing one of their
number President, who shall hold such
office for one year. The Board shall
appoint a Secretary, who shall receive
ah annual salary of fifteen hundred
, dollars. The sessions of the Board
shall be public, except that executive
sessions may be held whenever deemed
proper by the Board. The Board shall
meet at least once a week in the rooms
of the Police Department, or in case of
public emergency at such place as the
Board may select. The Secretary must
keep minutes of its proceedings; and
in every case where a P 0^ r 's ex
cised by the Board under this Article
the ayes and noes thereon shall be en-*
tered therein.
CKAPTEB 111.
Powers of the Board.
SECTION 1. The Board of Police
Commissioners shall have power:
1. To appoint, promote, suspend, dis
rate or dismiss any member of the De
partment in the manner hereinafter
provided. , 
2. To prescribe rules and regulations
for the government, discipline, equip
ment and uniform of the Department,
and from time to time to alter or re
peal the same, and to prescribe penal
ties for the violations of any of sucn
rules and regulations. All such rules
and regulations must be reasonable.
3. To grant permits to any person
desiring to engage in the sale of liquor
in less quantity than one quart, and to
grant permits to any person engaged in
the business of selling liquor to be
drunk on the premises, and to revoke
any such permit when it shall appear
to the Board that the business of the
person to whom such permit was given
is conducted in a disorderly or im
proper manner. Without such permit
none of such persons shall engage in
the business of selling liquor. If the
Board refuse to grant such permit, or
propose to revoke any permit that haa
been granted, the person who is re
fused .such permit or whose permit it ia
proposed to revoke, shall be entitled to
be heard before the Board in person,
or through counsel, and to have, free
of charge, all reasonable facilities at
the hearing. Such permits shall not be
granted for more than three months at
one time, and they shall distinctly state
the name of the person to whom the
same is given, and the description of
the premises where such business is to,
be carried on. Such permits shall at all
times be subject to inspection by any
member of the Department. Com
plaints to revoke permits granted by
the Board must be in writing, signed
by the person making the same and
filed with the Secretary of the Board;
and a copy thereof certified by the
Secretary must be served upon the
party complained against at least five
days before the time set for the hearing
of the complaint.
4. At its discretion, upon the peti
tion of any person, firm or corporation,
to appoint, and at pleasure to remove,
special police officers. Such officers
shall be subject to all the rules and
regulations of the Board.
5. To provide for the care, restitu
tion or sale at annual public auction of
all unclaimed property that may coma
into the possession of the Property
Clerk, and to direct the destruction of
such property as shall consist of im
plements, weapons, property or any
other article, matter or thing used in
the commission of crime.
6. To appoint Police Matrons for the
care of female prisoners and to pro
vide rules and regulations for the gov
ernment of the same.
7. To appoint a Police Surgeon who
shall receive an annual salary of fif
teen hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The President may convene
the Board for special meetings. The
Secretary of the Board shall be the offi
cial custodian of all records and official
documents of the Board.
CHAPTER IV.
The Chief of Police.
SECTION 1. The Chief of Police shall
be appointed by the Board of Police
Commissio. ers and hold office for
the term of four years. He shall re-J
ceive an annual salary of four thou
sand dollars. He shall have control,
management and direction of all mem
bers of the Department in the lawful
exercise of his functions, with full
power to detail any of them to such
public service as he may direct, and
with like power to suspend temporarily
any member of the Department. In all
cases of such suspension, he shall im
mediately report the same to the Board
with the reasons therefor in writing.
He shall maintain and enforce law and
rigid discipline so as to secure com
plete efficiency of the Department. He
shall, subject to the directions and or
ders of the Commissioners, have con
trol of such of the prisons of the City
and County as are not by the general
law under the control of the Sheriff.
Sec. 2. In the suppression of any
riot, public tumult, disturbance of the
public peace, or organized resistance
against the laws or public authority,
the Chief of Police shall, in the lawful
exercise of his functions, have all the
powers that are now or may be con
ferred on Sheriffs by the laws of the
State.
Sec. 3. The Chief of Police shall be
the chief executive officer of the De
partment. He shall be chargeable ■with
and responsible for the execution of all
laws and ordinances and the rules and
regulations of the Department. He
shall ccc that the orders and process
issued by the Police Court and such
other orders and process as may be
placed in his hands are promptly exe
cuted, and shall exercise such other
powers connected with his office aa
mas- be provided for in the general
rules and regulations of the Commis
sioners.
Sec. 4. The Chief of Police shall keep
a public office in which he shall have
the Statutes of this State and of the
United States, arid all necessary works
on criminal law. In case of his tempo
rary absence some competent member
of the Department, by him designated
for that purpose, shall be in attendance
at all hours of the day and night: and
in such case he shall make known tOj^
such member of the Department wher3
he can be found.
Sec. 5. The Chief of Police shall de
tail one or more of the members of tha
Department to attend constantly on the
Police Court and to execute its orders
and process. He shall detail at hig
pleasure members of the Department to
act as his Chief Clerk, Assistant Clerks,
Prison Keepers and Property Clerk.
Said Chief Clerk and said Property
Clerk shall each receive an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec 6. The Chief of Police may from
time to time disburse euch sums for
contingent expenses of the Department,
as in his judgment shall be for the best
interest of the City and County, to be
ppid out of the contingent fund allowed
the Department. The aggregate of all
such sums shall not in any one fiscal
year exceed the sum of ten thousand
dollars. Provision shall be made by the '
Supervisors for such contingent fund in
the annual tax levy. The Commission
ers shall allow and order paid out of ,
such contingent fund as contingent ex
penses of the Police Department, upon
orders signed by the Chief of Police,
such amounts as may be required.
Sec. 7. The Chief of Police shall pos
sess powers of general police inspection,
supervision and control, over all pawn
brokers, peddlers, junk-shop keepers,
dealers in second-hand merchandise,
auctioneers and intelligence office keep,
ers. All persons engaged in said call
ings must first procure permits from the
Commissioners. In the exercise of such
power the Chief may by authority in
writing from time to time empowev
members of the Police Department,
when in search of property feloniously
obtained or in search of suspected of
fenders, or in search of evidence to con
vict any person charged with crime, to
examine the books and the premises of
any such person. Any such member of
the Police Department, when thereunto
empowered in writing by the Chief of
Police, may examine property alleged
to have been pawned, pledged, deposit
ed, lost, strayed or stolen.
CHAPTER V.
Subordinate Officers.
SECTION 1. Subordinate officers of" ; the- : Police Deportment shall consist of i
V^ap^ains, who Bhall each receive an j
■■■':-ftii':.nial salary of twenty-four hundred
Lieutenants, who shall each 1
•'"•! rfei&hre an annual salary of sixteen.'
/•■hurvdred and eighty dollars; Sergeants,
."•jwfco Bhall each receive an annual salary j
' lot^fifteen hundred dollars; and Corpor- |
:v-als;: who shall each receive an annual j
: eal&ry of fourteen hundred and four i
■'• 4'ollars.
;.'; .' • Sec. 2. There shall be one Captain
'•..'for- each one hundred police officers.
'The duties of Captains shall be defined
•/.ixy the rules and regulations of the
>'-V Commissioners and by the orders of the
■ ■.•'Oil :" of Police.
v.. Sec. :;. There shall be one Lieutenant
■ 'for every fifty police officers. The dv
• Yticsoi the Lieutenants shall be defined
bythi.' rules and regulations of the
Commissioners, by the orders uf the
• '■'-.Cnlef ot Police, and by the orders of
.tlv i:- respective Captains.
Sec. 4. There shall be as many Ser
geants as in the judgment of the Com
missioners may be advisable, not to ex
• •:..:• Sergeant for every ten police
B. The duties of Sergeants shall
■ . be defined by the rules and regulations
-.'of the Commissioners, the orders of the
<!.ief of Police, and the orders of their
■respective Captains and Lieutenants.
Sec : . 5. 'Phere shall be as many Cor
'•• Vjjorals as in the judgment of the Com
. . Tnissinners may be advisable. The du
";':/tie's of Corporal* shall be defined b the
:.'.: .'. : rules, and regulations of the Commis
..' Bipners, the orders of the Chief of Po
'Jl.ce, and the orders of their respective
-'I -Captains. Lieutenants and Sergeants.
:...:: Sec: 6. The Chief of Police may detail
:.. far. detective duties such members of
. . the -Department as he may select, not
.. to exceed twenty-five. Ho shall desig
/.itiate'a Captain of Police to* act as Cap
:.••■• Tain over the officers so detailed who
■ shrtll receive an annual salary of three
thousand dollars. Such Captain shall
;'■' Tank, as Captain of Detectives, and his
■ duties shall be defined by the Commis
: -'flSon'ers ; and by the Chief of Police. The
'..:.. rn embers so detailed shall be known
■ :; . fl'nd ranked ns Detective Sergeants.
::•;■■■ Tla-ch of said Detective Sergeants shall
. n-cetvo an annual salary of eighteen
:■' hundred dollars. They may be re
>';. jnbved at any time from such detail by
'■•■. the' Chief of Police. Their duties shall
y'.- be- defined by the rules and regulations
■ -.-"of-:- the Commissioners, by the orders of
the Chief of Police, and by the orders
':.: ;.t)f :..the Captain of Detectives.
': V-: V CHAPTER VI.
.■■■ .. . Police Officers.
 ; SECTION 1. The Police Force of the
■ : . -City and County shall not exceed one
: Police Officer for each five hundred in
■ ■'. habitants thereof. Police Officers shall
'•':•'. receive an annual salary of twelve hun
' ' dred and twenty-four dollars.
•;.■■"■ Sec. 2. Every Police Officer shall,
upon the arrf-st of any person charged
with the commission of crime, search
the person of such offender, and take
from him all property and weapons,
and forthwith deliver the same to the
prison keeper, who must deliver the
same to the Property Clerk, to be kept
by him until other disposition be made
thereof according to law.
Pec. 3. Police Officers shall be health
. officers by virtue of their office.
CHAPTER VII.
Promotions, Suspensions, Dismissals
and Disratements.
"SECTION 1. All promotions in the
'■■. .Department shall be from the next
r lfv.fr rank, seniority of service and
: niM-itorious public service being c0n
..... : sKiered;
J , Sec. 2. Any member of the Depart
ment guilty of any offense, or violation
of: rules and regulations, shall be
liable to be punished by reprimand, or
:;.• by fine to be fixed by the Commission
ers, or by dismissal from the Depart
ment; but no fine shall ever be imposed
. .' .at any one time for any offense ex
..; ceedfhg one month's salary. '
.. •■...Sec, 3. No member of the Department
•'/Shall be subject to dismissal for any
cause, or to punishment for an- breach
erf; duty or misconduct therein, except
... after a fair and impartial trial before
fh'e Commissioners upon a verified com.
.plaint filed with the Board setting forth
. ppecifically the acts complained of, and
.. . nfter such reasonable no-tice to h!m of
'; the. time and place of hearing as the
'■■ .Board may by rule prescribe. The ac
. ;: .cwfsje'd shall be entitled upon such hear
ing to appear personally and by coun
f-4; to have a public trial: and to se
cure and enforce free of expense to him
. thf. attendance of all witnesses neces- |
fiary for his defense.
CHAPTER VIII.
Unclaimed and Stolen Property.
SECTION 1. All property or money
taken under suspicion of having been
stolen or feloniously obtained, the re
sult of crime or constituting the pro
ceeds of crime, and all property or
money, taken from intoxicated or in
; sane person?, or other persons incapa
. ble of taking care of themselves, or
. property or money lost or abandoned
that may in any way come into the
Possession or custody of any member
:. ..<>£ the Department, or of any Criminal
;.•■-? Court or Judge of the City and
County, shall be delivered to the Pron
«)rty Clerk, who shall enter in a Record
P.'«>k, to be kept by him for that pur
>PO*e, a full and explicit description of
the same, together with the name of
the person or persons from whom re
:. cpived, the names of any claimants
.; thereto, the time of the seizure, and the
.:...' final disposition thereof.
Sec. 2. When property or money taken
from any person arrested, or otherwise
under suspicion of having been feloni
ously obtained, or of being the proceeds
...of crime, Is brought with the claimant
• . thereof and the person arrested, before
a. court for examination and adjudica
tion, and the Court shall adjudge that
. : the person arrested is innocent of the
- : . offense alleged, and that the property
... or money belongs to him. it shall or
• : der such property or money returned
..: to the accused, and the Property Clerk
' shall thereupon deliver such property
or money to him personally, but not to
his attorney or agent. Tf upon such
hearing the accused shall be held for
trial or examination, such property or
nioney shall remain in the custody of
the. Property Clerk until the discharge
or conviction of the person accused.
Sec. 3. All unclaimed property and
n-.oney that has been In the custody of i
the Property Clerk for one year shall'
b« sold at public auction, after having I
r^en five times advertised In the official
newspaper: ard the proceeds of such
Fale shall be paid into the treasury to
the credit of the Police Relief and Pen-
Finn Fund. In no case shall such prop
erty be sold or disposed of until the ne- \
ressity for the use thereof as evidence
hns ceased. The proceeds of property •
taken fi'om insane persons shall not :
become part of Fuch Fund until after
the expiration of three years from the
tfme the pame Is paid into the treasury: :
*>ut the Commissioners and the Chief
Of Police shall, during such period, \
make diligent Inquiry to ascertain the '
person or persons to whom the same '<■
should by right be payable.
Sec. 4. Tf any property or money In
the custody of Ihe Property Cierk be re- j
quired as evidence in any Court, it I
Fhall be delivered to any officer who •
Fhall present an order In writing to
thnt effect from such Court, and the
CJerks of such Court shall be responsi- \
ble for the safe delivery of such prop
erty or money to th» Property Clerk.
Bee. r>. All valuables and "money in
the custody of th^ Property Clerk shall j
be deposited by him for safe keeping!
vith the Treasurer in such manner and |
subject to such rules and regulations j i
as may be prescribed by the Board.
CHAPTER IX.
Present Police Force.
SECTION 1. All members of the
rresr. n t Police Force in good standing I
In the Department at the time this i
C harter goes into effect, and the Park
Police, shall continue therein without <
Civil Service examination; but all new
appointments and all promotions made :
after this Charter shall go into effect
Ehall be subject to and governed by
Article XIII of this Charter.
CHAPTER X.
Police Relief and Pension Fund, j
SECTION 1. In order to continue in !
force and make effectual pensions ;
already existing in favor of the Police
Force, a Fund is hereby created to be ;
known and designated as the Police
Relief and Pension Fund. The Board :
of Police Commissioners and its sue- j
cessors in office shall constitute a
Board of Trustees of said Fund.
Sec. 2. The Board of Police Com
missioners may, by a unanimous vote,
retire and relieve from sen-ice any
aged, infirm or disabled member of the
Department who has arrived at the j
age of sixty-five years, and who. upon ;
an examination by two regularly cer
tificated practicingphysiciansappo-inted :
by the Commissioners for that pur- ,
pose, may be ascertained to be by rea- I
son of such age, infirmity or other dis
ability, unfit for the performance of his j
duties. Such retired member shall re
ceive from the Police Relief and Pen
sion Fund a monthly pension equal to
one-half of the amount of the salary j
attached to the rank held by him three j
years prior to the date of his retire- j
ment. No such pension shall be paid j
uniess such person has been an active
member of the Department for twenty :
years continuously next preceding his I
retirement, and the same shall cease at j
his deaih.
Sec. 3. Any member of the Depart
ment who shall become physically dis
abled by reason of any bodily injury
received in the performance of his !
duty, upon his filing with the Commis- i
sioners a verified petition setting forth i
the facts constituting such disability
and the cause thereof, accompanied by
a certificate signed by the Chief of Po
lice, the Captain of . the Company to
which he belongs, and by two regularly
certificated physicians of the City and
County recommending his retirement
upon a pension on account of such dis
ability, may be retired from the De
partment upon an annual pension !
equal to one-half the amount of salary j
attached to the rank which he may
have held three years prior to the date
of such retirement, to be paid to him
during his life and to cease at his
death. In case his disability shall cease I
his pension shall cease, and he shall be
restored to the service in the rank he
occupied at the time of his retirement, i
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall, out
of the Police Relief and Pension Fund, ]
provide for the family of any officer, I
member or employe of the Department j
who may be killed while in the per
formance of his duty, as follows:
First — Should the decedent be mar
ried, his widow shall as long as she may
remain unmarried be paid a monthly
pension equal to one-half of the salary j
attached to the rank held by the de- j
cedent at the time of his death.
Second— Should the decedent leave no j
widow, but leave an orphan child or
children under the age of sixteen years,
such children shall collectively receive !
a pension equal to one-half the salary !
attached to the position held by their
father at the time of his death, until
the youngest attains the age of sixteen
years.
Third— Should the decedent leave no
widow and no orphan child or children,
but leave a parent or parents depend
ing solely upon him for support, such
parents, so depending, shall collectively
receive a pension equal to one-half the
salary attached to the position held by
the decedent at the time of his death,
during such time aa the Commissioners
may unanimously determine its ne
cessity.
Sec. 5. Any person receiving a pen
sion as aforesaid from the Police Relief
and Pension Fund, who shall be con
victed of felony, shall become dissi
pated, an habitual drunkard, or shall
become a non-resident of this State,
shall forfeit all right to said pension.
Sec. 6. When any member of the De- J
partment shall, after ten years' service,
die from natural causes, then his wid
ow, and if there be no widow, then his
children, or if there be no widow or
children, then his mother if dependent
upon him for support, shall be entitled
to a sum equal to the amount retained
by the Treasurer from the pay of sucfi
deceased member and paid into the Re- !
lief and Pension Fund; but the provi
sions of this section shall not apply to
any member of the Department who
shall have received any pension under
the terms of this Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
rules and regulations to carry out the
provisions of this Chapter and to en
force compliance therewith on the part
of the members of the Department. It
shall make up an estimate every year
of the amount required to pay all de
mands on the Police Relief and Pension
Fund for the succeeding fiscal year, and
certify the same to the Supervisors in
connection with and as a part of the
annual appropriation for the Police
Department.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners may, on
notice to the Chief of Police, reward
any member of the Department for
conduct which is heroic or meritorious.
The form or the amount of such reward
shall be discretionary with the Board;
but it shall not exceed in any one in
stance one month's salary.
Sec. 9. The Board of Police Pension
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of its
President. It shall issue warrants,
signed by its President and Secretary,
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
amount of money ordered paid to such
persons from the Relief and Pension
Fund. Each warrant shall state for j
what purpose the payment is made.
The Board of Police Pension Fund j
Commissioners shall keep a public rec- :
ord of its proceedings. It shall at each
quarterly meeting send to the Treas
urer and to the Auditor a written or j
printed list of all persons entitled to j
payment from the Relief and Pension
Fund, stating the amounts of such j
payments, and for what granted. Such
list shall be certified and signed by the
President and Secretary of the Board, i
The Auditor shall thereupon enter a j
copy of such list upon a book to be kept j
for that purpose which shall be known
as The Police Relief and Pension Fund \
Book. All warrants signed by the
President and Secretary of the Board
shall be presented to the Auditor, and
be audited and ordered paid by him
out of said Fund.
Sec. 10. The Board of Police Pension j
Fund Commissioners shall possess the
powers vested in the Board of Police
Commissioners to make rules and j
regulations for its guidance. It may j
appoint a Secretary, and provide for
the payment from said Fund of all
its necessary expenses, not exceeding
fifty dollars for any one month, Includ
ing the salary of the Secretary and
printing. No compensation shall be
paid to any member of the Board for
any duty required or performed as Po.
lice Relief and Pension Fund Commis
sioner.
Sec. 11. The Supervisors shall annu.
ally, when the tax levy is ni9.de. direct
the payment into the aforesaid Fund of
the following moneys:
1. Not less than five nor more than
ten per centum of all moneys collected
and received from licenses for the
keeping of places where spirituous,
malt or other intoxicating liquors are
sold.
2. One-half of all moneys received
from taxes or from licenses upon dogs.
3. All moneys received from fines
imposed upon members of the Police
Department for violation of law or the
rules or regulations thereor.
4. A'l proceeds of sales of unclaimed
property.
5. Not less than one-fourth nor morn
than one-half of all moneys received
from licenses from pawnbrokers, bil
liard hall keepers, dealers in second
hand merchandise, a,nd from junk
stores.
6. All moneys received from fines for
carry! ne concealed weapons.
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAIS FRANCISCO.
7. Twenty-five per centum of all fines
collected in money for violation of any
ordinance.
8. All rewards to members of the Po
lice Department, except such as shall
be excepted by the Commissioners.
9. The Treasurer shall retain from
the pay of each member of the Police
Force two dollars a month, which shall
be forthwith paid into the Police Reliel
and Pension Fund. No other or further
retention or reduction shall be made
from such pay for any other fund or
purpose unless the same is herein au
thorized.
Sec. 12. When a request is made for
regular policemen to be detailed at any
place of amusement or entertainment,
ball, party or picnic, the party or per
son making such request shall first de
posit two dollars and fifty cents for
each man so detailed with the Property
Clerk of the Department, who shall
give him a receipt for the same, and
such sum shall be at once paid into the
treasury to the credit of the Police Re
lief and Pension Fund.
Sec. 13. On the last day of June of
each year, or as soon thereafter as
practicable, the Auditor shall make a
report to the Supervisors of all moneys
paid out of such Fund during the pre
vious year, and of the amount then to
the credit of such Fund. The surplus
then remaining in such Fund exceeding
the average annual amount paid out of
such Fund during the three years next
preceding shall b<> transferred to and
become a part of the Surplus Fund, and
shall be no longer under the control of
the Board, or subject to its order. Pay
ments provided for in this Chapter
shall be made quarterly upon proper
vouchers. When in any one year a de
ficiency shall exist in such Fund, such
deficiency shall be provided for and
made good by the Supervisors in their
next ensuing tax levy.
ARTICLE IX.
FIRE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
Organization and Powers.
SECTION 1. The Fire Department
1 shall be under the management of a
! Board of Fire Commissioners conslst
i ing of four members, who shall be ap
; pointed by the Mayor, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary
of twelve hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed a Fire Commission
• er who shall not have been an elector
of the City and County for at least five
! years next preceding his appointment.
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so
1 constituted as to- consist of more than
| two members of the same political
j party. The term of office of the Com
missioners shall be four years. Those
first appointed shall so classify them
! selves by lot that they shall respective
ly go out of office at the expiration of
one, two, three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
S successors in office of the Fire Commis
| sioners holding office in the City and
I County at the time this Charter shall
go into effect by virtue of appointment
under any statute or law of this State.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
• ganize by electing one of their number
: President who shall hold office for one
year. The Board may appoint a Secre
[ tary who shall perform such duties as
I the Board may prescribe. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of twenty-four
hundred dollars. The Board shall meet
at least once a week, and as often as
I the business of the Department may
| require, and all its meetings shall be
I public.
Sec. 5. The Board shall organize the
Department, create and establish such
fire companies as it may deem neces
j sary, prescribe the number and duties
\ of the officers, members and employees
] of the Department, and the uniforms
and badges to be worn by them; have
: control of all the property and equip
ments of the Department, and exercise
. full power and authority over all ap
, propriations made for the use of the
| Department.
Sec. 6. All persons appointed to posi
tions in the Department must be citi
zens of the United States, not less than
twenty-one nor more than thirty-five
, years of age, of good character for
honesty and sobriety, able to read and
write the English language, residents
of the City and County at least five
year? next preceding the date nf their
appointment, must pass a medical ex
amination under such rules and regu
lations as may be prescribed by the
Commissioners, and upon such exam
ination be found in sound bodily health.
Sec. 7. No officer, member or employee
of the Department shall be appointed,
transferred, or removed because of his
political opinions, nor shall he be
i transferred or dismissed except fnr
I cause, nor until after a trial before the
Commissioners.
Sec. S. The Commissioners shall see
that the officers, members and em
ployees of the Department faithfully
discharge their duties, and that the
; laws, ordinances and regulations per
j taining to the Department are carried
into effect. The Board shall make such
rules and regulations as may be neces
sary to secure discipline and efficiency
in the Department, and for any viola
tion of such rules and regulations may
i Impose reasonable fines upon the of
1 fleers, members and employees of the
Department, or may suspend any of
them for such reasonable time as the j
! Board may by rule prescribe. Such
fines shall be deducted from the month
ly warrants of the officers, members i
and employees upon whom they are !
1 imposed, and shall be transferred by !
\ the Treasurer to the Firemen's Relief
j and Pension Fund.
Sec. 0. The Clerk and Commissary of
! the Fire Department Corporation i
j Yards shall not deliver any supplies or
I stores of the Fire Department except
| upon an order signed by the Chief En
1 gineer and the Secretary of the Com
| mipsioners: but during a conflagration,
such material or apparatus as may be
i required for the purpose of extlnguish-
I Ing such conflagration may be with*
| drawn from said Corporation Yards by
| order of the Chief Engineer, or by any
; officer in charge of the force of the
1 Department at such conflagration.
Sec. 10. No member or employee of
| the Fire Department shall be engaged
: in any other employment.
CHAPTER IL
Duties of the Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners shall immediately after their
appointment and qualification proceed
| to reorganize the Fire Department in
conformity with the provisions of this
Charter. In so doing the Board shall
I make its appointments of officers and
i members from the persons constituting
the force in the service of the Fire De
partment at the time this Charter goes
into effect. Such officers and members
shall not be required to pass any Civil
Service examination. All future ap
pointments and promotions shall be
made subject to the provisions of Arti
cle XIII of this Charter. If any reduc
tion is made in the force of the Depart
ment, the Commissioners may tempo
rarily discharge those persons, whose
discharge shall be most conducive to
the efficient reorganization of the De
partment, but in case of a subsequent
increase of the force, those temporarily
discharged shall be reappointed without
Civil Service examination and assigned
to the same rank in which they were at
the time of their discharge.
Sec. 2. No officer, member or em
ployee of the Department shall be dis
missed or transferred except for cause
nor until after a trial. The accused
shall be furnished with a written copy
of the charges against him at least
three days previous to the day of trial
He shall have the right to appear in
person and by counsel and examine
witnesses In his behalf. All witnesses
shall be examined under oath, and all
trials shall be public.
Sec. 3. When any officer, member or
employee of the Department shall be
come temporarily disabled by reason of
injuries received while !n the actual
performance of his duty therein so aa,
to Incapacitate him from performing
his duty, the Commissioners shall allow
his salary during the continuance of
such temporary disability.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall see
that all contracts awarded and work
done for the Department are faithfully
performed, and shall, upon the award
ing of any such contract, exact an ade
quate bond for the prompt and faithful
performance of the same.
The provisions of Article 11, Chapter
111, of this Charter, in regard to the ad
vertising for proposals, the affidavit
and security accompanying the same,
the presentation and opening of pro
posals, the aw rding of contracts
and the security for the performance
thereof, shall, so far as the same can
be made applicable, apply to all pro
posals and contracts made, awarded or
entered into for furnishing supplies to
the Fire Department. Any' contract
made In violation of any of the provi
sions of this Chapter shall be void-
CHAPTER 111.
The Chief Engineer.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners shall appoint a Chief Engi
neer, who shall be charged with the
special duty of superintending the ex
tinguishment of fires. The Chief En
gineer shall be the chief executive offi
cer of the Fire Department, and it shall
be his duty and that of the Assistant
Chief Engineers and of the Battalion
Chiefs to see that all laws, orders, rules
and regulations in force in the City and
County, or made by the Commissioners
concerning the Fire Department, ars
enforced.
Sec. 2. The Chief Engineer may sus
pend any subordinate officer, member
or employee of the Department for in
competency, or for any violatior. of the
rules and regulations of the Fire De
partment, and shall forthwith report in
writing sucli suspension, with his rea
sons therefor, to the Commissioners for
their action. He shall diligently ob
serve the condition of the apparatus
and workings of the Department and
report in writing thereon at least one«
a month to the Board and make such
recommendations and suggestions re
specting the same as he may deem
proper. In the absence or inability ot
the Chief Engineer, an Assistant Chief
Engineer shall perform his duties.
Sec. 3. The Chief Engineer, or, in his
absence, the Assistant Chief Engineers,
or, in their absence, any Battalion Chief
in charge may, during a conflagration,
cause to be cut down or otherwise re
moved any buildings or structures for
the purpose of checking the progress ot
such conflagration.
CHAPTER IV.
Fire Companies.
SECTION 1. Each Steam Fire En
gine Company shall be composed of not
more than one Captain, one Lieutenant,
one Engineer, one Driver, one Stoker
and five Hosemen.
Each Hook and Ladder Company
shall be composed of not more than one
Captain, one Lieutenant, one Driver,
one Tillerman and eight Truckmen.
Each Chemical Engine Company shall
be composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Lieutenant, one Driver and
one Hoseman.
Each Water Tower Company shall be
! composed of not more than one Cap
i tain, one Driver and one Hoseman.
Each Fire Boat Company shall be
; composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Lieutenant, one Engineer, one
! Assistant Engineer, two Firemen, one
j Pilot and twelve Hosemen.
CHAPTER V.
Fire Marshal.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners, on the written recom
mendation of the Board of Directors of
the corporation known as the Under- j
writers' Fire Patrol of San Francisco, I
may appoint such persons as may be :
recommended by said Board of Di- i
rectors as Fire Marshal and Assistant
Fire Marshal. Vacancies occurring in
the office of pire Marshal or Assistant !
Fire Marshal shall be filled in the same i
manner. The salaries of said Fire Mar
shal and of his assistant and deputies '
shall be fixed and paid by said Board of
Directors of said Underwriters' Fire '■
Patrol of San Francisco, and in no !
event shall the City and County be \
liable therefor or any part thereof.
Sec. 2. The Fire Marshal or, in case
of his disability, the Assistant Fire
Marshal shall attend all fires which
may occur in the City and County, I
and he shall take charge of and protect |
all property which may be imperiled
thereby.
Sec. 3. The Fire Marshal may call
upon policemen during the time of any
fire for the purpose of protecting prop
erty until the arrival of the owner or
claimant thereof, and in case the owner
or claimant of such property does not
take charge of the same within twenty
four hours, the Fire Marshal may have
such property stored at the owner's or
claimant's expense.
Sec. 4. The Fire Marshal shall be
charged with the enforcement of all j
laws and ordinances relating to the
storage, sale and use of oils, combus- ;
tlble materials and explosives, together j
with the investigation of the cause of |
all fires. In all cases where there Is
reason to believe that fires are the re- !
suit of crime or that crime has been
committed In connection therewith, the j
Fire Marshal must report the same in
writing to the District Attorney. The j
Fire Marshal shall also have the care
of, and may sell, subject to the orders ■
of the Board of Fire Commissioners, all
property saved from fire for which no I
owner can be found, and at once pay i
the amount realized from any such sale j
into the treasury. He shall exercise !
the functions of a police officer.
Sec. 5. The Fire Marshal shall have
power to appoint deputies for Inspect- !
ing buildings, but such deputies shall j
receive no compensation for their serv
ices from the City and County.
CHAPTER VI.
Fire Wardens.
SECTION 1. The Chief Engineer. As
sistant Chief Engineers, Battalion
Chiefs and the Fire Marshal shall con
stitute a Board of Fire Wardens, with
power to inspect and report to the
Board of Public Works as to the safety
of buildings and other structures
within the City and County.
CHAPTER VII.
Firemen's Relief Fund.
SECTION 1. In order to continue
in force and make effectual pensions
already existing in favor of firemen, a
fund is hereby created to be known
and designated as the Firemen's Relief
Fund. The Board of Fire Commission
ers of the City and County and its suc
cessors in office shall constitute a Board
of Trustees of said Fund. The Board
shall be known as the Board of Fire
Pension Fund Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be annually
levied, collected and apportioned to the
Firemen's Relief Fund a tax sufficient
to meet and pay all demands upon said
Fund, for the purposes set out in this
Chapter.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners may, by a
unanimous vote, retire and relieve from
service any aged, infirm or disabled
fireman of the Department who has ar
rived at the age of sixty-five years, and
who, upon an examination by two regu
larly certificated practicing physicians
appointed by the Commissioners for
that purpose, may be ascertained to be
by reason of such age, infirmity or
other disability, unfit for the perform
ance of his duties. Such retired fire
man shall receive from the Firemen's
Relief Fund a monthly pension equal to
one-half of the amount of the salary
attached to the rr.nk held by him three
years prior to the date of his retire
ment. No such pension shall be paid
unless such person has been an active
member of the Fire Department for
twenty years continuously next pre
ceding his retirement, and the same
shall cease at his death.
Bee. i. Any member of the Fire De
partment who shall become physically
i disabled by reason of any bodily in
jury received in the performance of his
i duty, upon his filing with the Commis
: sioners a verified petition setting forth
; the facts constituting such disability
and the cause thereof, accompanied by
! a certificate signed by the Chief of the
j Fire Department, the Captain of the
Company to which he belongs, and by
two regularly certificated physicians of
! the City and Connty, recommending his
: retirement upon a pension on account of
, such disability, may be retired from
the Department upon an annual pen
sion equal to one-half the -mount of
salary attached to the rank which he
may have held three years prior to
I the date of such retirement, to be paid
! to him during his life and to cease at
j his death. In case his disability shall
| cease his pension shall cea,se, and he
I shall be restored to the service in the
i rank he occupied at the time of his re
tirement.
Sec. 5. The Commissioners shall, out
of the Firemen's Relief Fund, provide
as follows for the family of any of
ficer, member or employee of the Fire
Department who may be killed while
in the performance of his duty:
First— Should the decedent be mar
ried, his widow shall as long as she
may remain unmarried, be paid a
monthly p .ision equal to one-half of
| the salary attached to the rank held by
the decedent at the time of his death. ■■
Second — Should the decedent leave no
widow, but leave an orphan child or
children under the age of sixteen years,
such children shall collectively receive
a pension equal to one-half the salary
attached to the position held by their
father at the time of his death, until
the youngest attains the age of sixteen
years.
Third— Should the decedent leave no
widow and no orphan child or children,
but leave a parent or parents depend
ing solely upon him for support, such
parents, so depending, shall collectively
receive a pension equal to one-half the
salary attached to the position held by
the decedent at the time of his death
during such time as the Commissioners
may unanimously determine its neces
sity.
Sec. 6. Any person receiving a pen
sion from the Firemen's Relief Fund,
who shall be convicted of felony, or
who shall become dissipated, an habit
ual drunkard, or who shall become a
non-resident of this State, shall for
feit all right to said pension.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
rules and regulations to carry out the
provisions of this Chapter and to en
force compliance therewith on the part
of the members of the Department. It
shall make up an estimate every year
of the amount required to pay all de
mands on the Firemen's Relief Fund
for the succeeding fiscal year, and cer
tify the same to the Supervisors in
connection with and as part of the an
nual appropriation of the Fire Depart
ment.
Sec. 8. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of its
President. It shall issue warrants,
signed by its President and Secretary,
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
amount of money ordered paid to
such persons from the Firemen's Re
lief Fund. Each warrant shall state
for what purpose the payment is made.
The Board of Fire Pension Fund Com
missioners shall keep a public record
of its proceedings. It shall at each
quarterly meeting send to the Treas
urer and to the Auditor a written or
printed list of all persons entitled to
payment from the Relief Fund, stating
the amounts of such payments and
for what granted. Such list shall
be certified and signed by the Presi
dent and Secretary of the Board.
The Auditor shall thereupon enter a
copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for that purpose which shall be known
as the Firemen's Relief Fund Book. All
warrants signed by the President and
Secretary of the Board shall be pre
sented to the Auditor, and be audited
and ordered paid by him out of said
Fund.
Sec. 9. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall possess th<»
powers vested in the Board of Fire
Commissioners to make rules and
regulations for its guidance. It may
appoint a Secretary and provide for
the payment from saJd Fund of all its
necessary expenses, not exceeding fiffy
dollars for any one month, including
the salary of the Secretary and print
ing: but no compensation shall be paid
to any member of the Board for any
duty required or performed as Fire
Pension Fund Commissioner.
CHAPTER VIII.
Salaries.
SECTION 1. The officers and mem
bers of the Fire Department shall re
ceive annual salaries as follows:
Chief Engineer, four thousand dollars;
First Assistant Chief Engineer, three
thousand dollars; Second Assistant En
gineer, twenty-four hundred dollars;
Battalion Chiefs, each twenty-one hun
dred dollars; Superintendent of En
gines, eighteen hundred dollars; the
Clerk and Commissary of the Corpora
tion Yards, fifteen hundred dollars;
Captains, each fourteen hundred and
forty dollars; Lieutenants, each twelve
hundred dollars; Engineers, each
thirteen hundred and fifty dollars;
Drivers, Stokers. Tillermen, Truckmen,
Hosemen, and Stewards, for the first
year of service, each nine hundred and
sixty dollars; for the second year of
service, each ten hundred and eighty
dollars; and for the third year of ser
vice and thereafter each twelve hun
dred dollars; Hydrantmen, each ten
hundred and eighty dollars; Superin
tendent of horses, twelve hundred dol
lars; Draymen, each nine hundred dol
lars; Hostlers, each seven hundred and
twenty dollars; Watchmen, each nine
hundred dollars; Pilots of Fire Boats,
each twelve hundred dallars; Engineers
of Fire Boats, each fifteen hundred dol
lars; Assistant Engineers of Fire Boats,
each fourteen hundred and forty dol
lars: Firemen of Fire Boats, each nine
hundred dollars.
CHAPTER IX.
Department of Electricity.
SECTION 1. There is hereby created
a Department of Electricity, which
shall have charge of the construction
and maintenance of the Fire Alarm and
Police Telegraph and Telephone Sys
tems, and shall be under the control of
a joint Commission composed of the
Board of Fire Commissioners and the
| Board of Police Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be appointed by
the Board of Fire Commissioners and
Board of Police Commissioners, acting
in joint session, a practical and skilled
electrician, who shall be called the
Chief of the Department of Electricity,
and who shall have general supervision
of the Department of Electricity. He
shall receive an annual salary of twen
ty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Joint Commission may
appoint such assistants as may be nec
essary to keep the electric and tele
phone systems in working order; but of
those assistants appointed, no opera
tor or inspector shall receive more than
twelve hundred dollars a year, and no
repairer, lineman, batteryman or in
strument-maker shall receive a salary
of more than ten hundred and eighty
dollars a year.
Sec. 4. The Fire Department and the
Police Department shall each have sole
control over its own systems and wires.
Sea 5. Any citizen, firm or corpora
tion may, for the purpose of police or
fire protection, be connected with the
Police or Fire Signal System, or Tele
phone or Telegraph System, upon mak
ing fair payment for the connection
and use of the same. Such rates of
payment shall be fixed by ordinance of
the Supervisors; but no connection
shall be made so as to interfere with
the use of the main line.
Sec. 6. The Department of Electri
city is also charged with the duty of en
forcing all the rules, regulations, or
ders ar\d requirements made by ordi
nance of the Supervisors in regard to
the inspection and supervision of elec
trical -wires and appliances, and the
currents for furnishing light, heat or
power in and upon streets and build
ings in the City and County.
ARTICLE X.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
HEALTH.
SECTION 1. There shall be a De
partment of Public Health under the
management of a Board of Health. The ;
Board shall consist of seven members,
five of whom shall be appointed by the
Mayor, and who shall be regularly cer- I
tificated physicians of the City and !
County at the time of their appoint-, i
ment, and who must have been such
for at least five years next preceding ;
their appointment. The Chief of Police ;
and the President of the Board of Pub- ;
lie Works shall be members of the |
Board by virtue of their office.
The members of the Board shall serve
without compensation. They shall
elect one of their number President,
and adopt such rules and regulations
as may be necessary for the govern
ment of the Board.
Sec. 2. The appointive members of j
the Board shall hold office for four
years. Those first appointed under this j
Charter shall so classify themselves by ,
lot that one of them shall go out of of- !
rice at the end of one year, one at the
end of two years, one at the end of
three years, and two at the end of four
years.
Sec. 3. The Board shall have the
management and control of the City
and County Hospitals, Almshouses,
Ambulance Service, Municipal Hospi
tals, Receiving Hospitals, and of all
matters pertaining to the preservation,
promotion and protection of the lives'
and health of the inhabitants of the
City and County; and it may determine
the nature and character of nuisances
and provide for their abatement.
It shall have the sanitary supervision
of the municipal institutions of the City
and County, including- jails, school
houses and all public buildings; of thts
disposition of the dead; of the disposi
tion of garbage, offal and other offen
sive substances.
Except as provided in Article 11,
Chapter 111, of this Charter, it shall
have exclusive control and disposition j
of all expenditures necessary in the in
stitutions under its immediate control.
Sec. 4. The Board shall enforce all
ordinances, rules and regulations which
may be adopted by the Supervisors for
the carrying out and enforcement of a
good sanitary condition in the City and j
County; for the protection of the publio I
health; for determining the nature and ]
character of nuisances and for their I
abatement; and for securing the proper j
registration of births, deaths and other j
statistical information. It shall from !
time to time submit to the Supervisors
a draft of such ordinances, rules and
regulations as it may deem necessary
to promote the objects mentioned in j
this section.
Sec. 5. The Board may appoint such
officers, agents and employees as may
be necessary for the proper and ef
ficient carrying out and enforcement of
the purposes and duties of the Board,
and may fix their salaries and prescribe
their duties. All appointments in the
Department shall be made under the
provisions of Article XIII of this Char
ter, and no person so appointed by the
Board shall be removed without cause.
Sec. 6. The Board may anpoint a
Resident Physician of the City and
County Hospital, who must be a regu
larly certificated physician and who
must have been a resident of the City
and County for at least five years next
preceding his appointment. He shall
devote his time exclusively to the du
ties of his office.
Sec. 7. The Board shall appoint for
the City and County Hospital at least
two visiting physicians and at least
two visiting surgeons, who shall receive
no compensation for their services, but
who shall have the privilege of teach
ing students in their hospital wards.
Any student who is actively engaged in
the study of medicine shall have the
benefit of clinical instruction in any of
the hospital wards.
Sec. 8. The Board may set aside one
ward in the City and County Hospital
for the treatment of confirmed inebri
ates.
Sec. 9. The Board may appoint such
undergraduates and other internes to
the City and County Hospital as it may
deem necessary. They shall be ap
pointed after a competitve examination
by the Board in any or all branches of
medicine and purjrery, and shall receive
board and lodging free for their ser
vices. They shall be under the control
and direction of the Resident Physi
cian, who may remove any of them for
nesrlect of duty, or for other good and
sufficient cause, subject to an appeal
to. and final derision by, said Board.
Sec. 10. The Board shall fix annually
the salaries of all officers and em
ployees of the Board. Such compensa
tion shall not exceed salaries paid for
similar services in private institutions
of like character.
Sec. 11. The ratio of employees to In
mates of any Institution under the care
of the Board shall not exceed that
maintained by private Institutions of
like character.
ARTICLE XI.
DEPARTMENT OF ELECTIONS.
CHAPTER I.
Board of Election Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The conduct, manage
ment and control of the registration of
voters, and of the holding: of elections,
and of all matters pertaining 1 to elec
tions in the City and County, shall be
vested exclusively in and exercised by
a Board of Election Commissioners,
consisting of five members, who shall
be appointed by the Mayor, and shall
hold office for four years. Each of the
Commissioners shall receive an annual
salary of one thousand dollars. Each
member of the Board must be an elec
tor of the City and County at the time
of his appointment and must have
been such for five years next preceding
such time. Those first appointed must,
immediately after their appointment, so
classify themselves by lot, that one
shall gro out of office at the end of one
year, one at the end of two years, one
at the end of three years, and two at
th» end of four yenrs.
The Mayor shall not make any ap
nointment upon the Ronrd at any time
before thirty days prior to the time
when such appointee is to take office.
Two of the five members first appoint
ed shall be chosen from each of the two
political parties casting in the City and
County the highest vote for fJovernor
or Electors of President and Vice
President, ns the case may he. at the
last preceding funeral election. The
fifth memhor shall be chosen from the
political party castiner the third hiehp^t
such vote at such election, if there be
such third party. and if not. then at
the discretion of the Mayor. Upon the
expiration of the term of office of any
Commissioner, the apnointee must be
chosen from the same political party as
the retiring Commissioner, consistently
with the forezoiner provisions as to
equal representation at all times of the
two political parties castins* the hieh
est vote at the eenernl election last pre
ceding- the appointment in question as
prescribed In this section.
Sec. 2. No member of the Hoard, nor
■Reelstrar. nor Denutv Registrar shrill
during his term of office, be a memb«r
of any convention th= purpose of wh'^v,
la to nominate candidates for office
nor be elierible to any other mnnMmi
office durine the term for which he
shall have been appointed, or for one
year thereafter; nor act as officer of
any election or prlmarv election: nor
take part in any election except to
vote and when o^tintr as Flection Com
missioner, at which time he shrill per
form only such official dutie? as may
be reouired of him by law and by this
Cbarter.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall or
ganize within ten days after their ap
pointment by choosing one of their
number President. In care of failura
to agree, he shall be selected by lot.
He shall hold office for one year and
until his successor is chosen. The
Board shall appoint a Registrar of
Voters who shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
The Registrar shall be the Secretary of
the Board, and shall keep a record of
its proceedings, and shall execute all
orders and enforce all rules and regula
tions adopted by the Board. The term
of office of the Registrar shall be four
years.
Sec. 4. The Board may appoint such
other clerical assistants as may be ne
cessary at a salary not to exceed one
hundred dollars a rr.onth each for the
time actually employed. The Board
Shall, by resolution adopted by a ma
jority vote of all its members and en
tered upon its minutes, designate the
service to be rendered by such as
sistants and the time for which they
shall be employed. The time of em
ployment of such assistants shall not
be extended except by like resolution of
the Board, and when a salary shall
have been once fixed it shall not be in
creased. This section is subject to tha
provisions of Article XIII of this
Charter.
Sec. 5. All provisions of the general
laws of this State respecting elections
shall be applicable to all elections held
in the City and County of San Fran
cisco. All provisions of the general lawa
of this State respecting the registration
of voters shall be applicable to such
registration in the City and County.
The Board of Election Commissioners
must provide for precinct registration
so far as it can do so under the Con
stitution and laws of the State.
CHAPTER 11.
Municipal Elections.
SECTION 1. There shall be held In
the City and County of San Francisco
on the first Tuesday after the first
Monday of November in the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and in every second year there
after, an election to be known as tha
municipal election.
At said elections there shall be elected
by the electors of the City and County
the following officers: The Mayor,
eighteen Supervisors, an Auditor,
Treasurer, Assessor, Tax Collector,
Recorder, City Attorney, District At
torney, Public Administrator, County
Clerk, Sheriff, Coroner and four Polica
Judges. Each of the above officers
shall be elected for two years, except
the Police Judges and the Assessor,
each of whom shall be elected for four
years. The Superintendent of Publlo
Schools shall be elected for four years,
and the Justices of the Peace for two
years, at the same time that members
of the Legislature are elected.
Sec. 2. All of the officers of the City
and County of San Francisco who shall
be elected in the year one thousand
eight hundred and ninety-eight, under
existing laws, excep,t the Superin
tendent of Public Schools and the Jus
tices of the Peace, shall hold office only
until the hour of noon on the first Mon
day after the first day of January in
the year nineteen hundred.
Sec. 3. The officers first elected as
aforesaid under this Charter shall take
office at noon on the first Monday after
the first day of January following.
Sec. 4. The Mayor shall issue his
proclamation and publish the same in
the official newspaper for at least
twenty days previous to the day in each
year on which the municipal election is
to be held under this Charter, calling
upon the electors «f the City and
County to meet for the purpose of
electing such officers as are provided
for in this Charter, reciting in such
proclamation the different officers to
be elected at such election.
ARTICLE XII.
ACQUISITION OF PUBLIC UTIL
ITIES.
It is hereby declared to be the pur
! pose and intention of the people of the
I City and County that its public utilities
i shall be gradually acquired and ulti
! mately owned by the City and County.
, To this end it is hereby ordained:
SECTION 1. Within one year from
i the date upon which this Charter shall
'• go into effect, and at least every two
| years thereafter until the object cx
i pressed in this provision shall have
'■■ been fully attained, the Supervisors
! must procure through the City Engi-
n eer plans and estimates of the actual
cost of the original construction and
completion by the City and County of
water works, gas works, electric light
works, steam, water or electric power
j v/orks, telephone lines, street railroads
' and such other public utilities as the
Supervisors or the people by petition to
the Board may designate.
In securing estimates of the original
cost of the construction and completion
i of water works by the City and County,
! the Supervisors must procure and place
■ on file plans and estimates of the cost
of obtaining from all of the several
available sources a sufficient and per
manent supply of good, pure water for
the City and County, in order that
propositions for the acquisition, con
struction and completion thereof, and
the incurring of municipal indebtedness
therefor, may be submitted to the elec
tors of the City and County as herein
after set forth.
Sec. 2. After such plans and esti
mates shall have been procured and
filed, the Supervisors shall, at as early
a date as they may deem for the best
interests of the City and County, enter
i into negotiations for the permanent ac
j quisition by the City and County, by
original construction, condemnation or
purchase of such or any of said
| public utilities as they may regard
I most important to the City and County
! to be first acquired, and to formulate
! and submit to the electors of the City
! and County, at a special election, prop
| ositions for the permanent acquisition
i and ownership thereof?
Before submitting propositions to
! the electors for the acquisition by orig
inal construction or condemnation, of
j public utilities, the Supervisors must
I solicit and consider offers for the salo
I to the City and County of existing util
ities in order that the electors shall
have the benefit of acquiring the same
' at the lowest possible cost thereof.
Sec. 3. When a petition or petitions
' signed by electors of the City and
County equal in number to fifteen per
centum of all the votes cast at the last
preceding general election shall be pre
sented to the Supervisors, setting forth
that the signers thereof favor the ac
quisition by the City and County of any
public utility, and requesting the
Board to prepare for submission to the
electors of the City and County, as
hereinafter provided, a proposition for
the acquisition of such utility, it shall
be the duty of the Board to immediate
ly take such steps or to enter into such
negotiations as will enable it to formu
late such a proposition for submission
to the electors as aforesaid. Such prop
osition shall be so formulated and com
pleted within six months from the data
of the filing of such petition. The Clerk
of the Supervisors must, immediately
upon the filing of the aforesaid petition
or petitions, after examining and veri
fying the signatures thereto, transmit
an authenticated copy thereof, without
the signatures, to the Board of Election
Commissioners, and another such copy
to the Mayor, together with a certifi
cate that the required number of signa
tures are appended to the original. The
Mayor shall also have the right to for
muiate and submit to the electors &
separate proposition from that formu
lated by the Supervisors for the acqui
sition of the utility named in said pet!
tlon. At the next municipal election af
ter the formulation of such proposi
tions by the Supervisors ard the May
or, the Board of Election Commission
ers shall submit to the electors the two
alternative propositions. The proposi
tion receiving a majority of the votes
cast thereon shall be adopted; but In
case ihs votes cast In favor of both
17propositions shall not exceed one-half
the total number of votes cast thereon,
both propositions shall be deemed re
jected.
Nothing In this section shall be so
construed as to prohibit the Supervis
ors from responding to the aforesaid
petition of the electors requesting the
acquisition of any public utility by pro
ceeding at once, without the submission
of propositions to the electors as afore
said, to pass an ordinance declaring its
determination to acquire the same a»
provided in section six of this Article
and from proceeding thereafter to ac
quire the same in the manner herein
after provided. .
Sec. 4. In cuse the cost of any public
utility sought to be acquired under the
provisions of this Article, can be paid
out of the annual revenues of the city
and County, in addition to the other
necessary expenditures thereof, it shall
be lawful to acquire the same by a ma
jority vote of the electors voting there
on at any special election. In submit
ting propositions to the electors tor
such acquisition the Supervisors shall
specify in such proposition the cost .or
the public utility, the proposed metnoa
and manner of payment therefor, and
submit to the electors the question
whether the same shall be acquired
upon such terms.
In case, however, the cost or sucn
public utility suught to be acquired
under the provisions of this Article
Shall so far exceed the annual revenues
of the City and County, in addition to
the other necessary expenditures there
of, as to render it n.-.t^saiy w incur a
municipal bonded indebtedness for such
purpose, then the Supervisors, in sub
mitting propositions to the electors for
the acquisition thereof, shall specify
therein the amount of the proposed
bonded indebtedness, the rate of inter
est thereon, and whether such bonded
indebtedness shall be incurred. At
least two-thirds of the electors voting
thereon at such election shall be neces
sary to secure such acquisition and to
warrant the issuance of municipal
bonds therefor, as hereinafter set forth.
Sec. 5. When the electors by vote
shall have determined, as hereinbefore
set forth, to acquire any public utility,
such action on the part of the electors
shall be equivalent to the passing of
the ordinance by the Supervisors de
claring such determination as set forth
in section six of this Article, and the
Supervisors shall proceed without de
lay to pass an ordinance calling a
special election as required by section
seven of this Article.
Sec. 6. When the Supervisors shall de
termine that the public interest or ne
cessity demands the acquisition, con
struction or completion of any public
utility, the cost of which will be too
great to bepaid out of the ordinary an
nual income and revenue of the City and
County, the Supervisors shall, by or
dinance, specifically declare such de
termination, and shall publish the same
for at least two weeks in the official
nt-wspaper.
Sec. 7. At the next regular meeting rrt
the Supervisors after the publication of
the ordinance declaring said deter
mination as above set forth, or at an
adjourned meeting thereof, or not less
than two weeks nor more than four
weeks after the electors by vote shall
have determined To acquire any public
utility, the Supervisors by ordinance
shall call a special election, at which
shall be submitted to the electors the
proposition of acquiring such public
utility, and of incurring a debt for the
acquisition of the same as set forth in
such ordinance. No question other
than the acquisition of such utility and
the incurring of the Indebtedness
therefor shall be Submitted at such
election.
Sec. 8. The ordinance calling such
special election shall recite the objects
and purposes for which the indebted
ness is proposed to be incurred, the es
timated cost of the proposed public
utility, the necessity for the acquisition
of the same, and that bonds of the City
and County shall issue for the payment
of the cost of the same as in such or
dinance set forth (if the proposition be
accepted by the electors), and shall fix
a day on which such special election
shall be held, the manner of holding:
such election, and the manner of voting
for or against incurring such Indebted
ness. Such election shall be held an
provided by law for holding elections
in the City and County.
Sec. 9. Such ordinance shall be pub
lished daily for at least ten days in the
official newspaper. At the expiration
of said ten days the Supervisors shall
cause to be published daily for not less
than two weeks in the official newspa
per a notice of such special election.
Such notice shall specify the purpose
for which the indebtedness is to be In
curred, the number and character of
the bonds to be issued, the rate of in
terest to be paid, and the amount of
tax levy to be made for the payment
thereof.
Sec. 10. No indebtedness shall be In- \
curred for the acquisition of any public
Utility under the provisions of this Ar- i
tide, which, together with the existing
bonded indebtedness of the City and
County, shall exceed at any one time !
fifteen per centum of the assessed value
of all real ami personal property in the i
City and County.
Sec. 11. The bonds issued under the ;
provisions of this Article shall be of the
character of bonds known as serials, ■
and shall be payable in lawful money I
of the United States. The Supervisors !
shall decide at the times of the issue
Of the bonds in what lawful money of !
the United States said bonds shall be I
payable. Not less than one-fortieth
part of the whole amount of indebted- !
Hess shall be paid each and every year,
on a day and at a place to be fixed by j
the Supervisors, together with the in
terest on all sums unpaid at such date.
The bonds so issued shall be exempt
from all taxation for municipal pur- j
poses, and shall be issued in denomina
tions of not less than ten dollars nor
grreater than one thousand dollars, and !
preference in the sale and allotment i
thereof shall be given to subscribers for :
the smallest amounts and lowest de
nominations.
Said bonds must be payable on the
day and at the place fixed therein, and
with interest at the rate specified there
in, but such interest shall not exceed
four per centum per annum, payable
annually, semi-annually or quarterly,
ns the Supervisors may determine!
Such bonds, when issued, may be sold
by the Supervisors from time to time
as required, and in such quantities as
they may determine, but the samemust
be sold for cash in lawful money of the
United States as aforesaid to the high
est bidder at not less than par, after
having been advertised in the official
newspaper. Th»y shall be sold under
sealed proposals, and the Supervisors
shall have the rleht to reject any or all
bids made for the purchase thereof
The proceeds of such sales shall be
placed in the treasury to the credit of
the proper fund and shall be applied
exclusively to the purposes and objects
mentioned in th" ordinance authorizing
their Issue until such objects are fully
accomplished, after which, if any sur
plus remains, such surplus shall be
transferred to the General Fund.
Sec. 12. Such bonds shall be signed
by the Mayor and the Treasurer, and
shall be countersigned by the Auditor.
The coupons shall be numbered con-
Hecutively and slimed by the Treasurer,
and the bonds and coupons shall be
payable at the office of the Treasurer
■Sec. 13. At the time of levying the
municipal tax and in the manner pro
vided for such tax levy, the, Supe
rvisors shall levy and collect annually
a taxi sufficient to pay the annual in
terest, on such bonds, and also the
proper aliquot part : of the aggregate
amount of such indebtedness so In
curred.- Such taxes shall be in addition
to all other taxes levied for municipal
purposes, and shall be collected, at the
same time and in the same .mariner as
other municipal taxes are collected.
Sec. 14. A neglect or refusal on the
part of the Supervisors to 'comply with
the provisions of this Article shall con
stitute cause for the removal from
office of any member or members of the
Board guilty of sucji neglect or refusal.
ARTICLE XIII.
CIVIL SERVICE.
SECTION 1. Immediately upon the
taking effect of this Charter the Mayor
i shall appoint three persons, known by |
j him to be devoted to the principles of
Civil Service reform, who shall consti- |
! tute the Civil Service Commission, one ;
i for one year, one for two years, and one ;
i lor three years. Each year thereafter i
| the Mayor shall in like manner ap
point one person as the successor of the i
! Commissioner whose term of office ex
pires in that year, to serve as such i
' Commissioner for three years. All ap- j
pointments shall be so made that not ■
more than one Commissioner shall at i
any time belong to the same political
party. PJach of such Commissioners
shall 4 receive an annual salary of
! twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall
classify all the places of employment in
or under the offices and departments of .
i the City and County mentioned in sec- 1
i tion eleven of this Article, with refer- ,
ence to the examinations hereinafter |
provided for. The places so classified
' by the Commissioners shall constitute ;
the classified civil service of the City j
and County, and no appointment to any
such place shall be made except ac- i
cording to the rules hereinafter men- j
tioned.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall I
make rules to carry out the purposes ■
; of this Article, and for examinations, ;
appointments, promotions and re- !
movals, and in accordance with its pro- j
visions may from time to time, make ;
changes in the existing rules. All rules
and all changes therein shall be forth
with printed for distribution by the j
Commissioners.
Sec. 4. All applicants for places in
the classified civil service shall be sub
jected to examination, which shall be !
public, competitive and free. Such ex- i
animations shall be practical In their J
character, and shall relate to those ,
matters only which will fairly test the
relative capacity of the persons ex- j
amined to discharge the duties of the !
positions to which they seek to be ap- i
pointed, and shall include, when ap
propriate, tests of physical qualifica
tions, health, and of manual or pro- j
fessional skill.
Sec. 5. The selection of laborers
shall be governed by priority of appli
cation only. No question in any ex
amination shall relate to political or re
ligious opinions or affiliations. The
Commissioners shall control all ex
aminations, and may, whenever an ex
amination is to take place, designate a
suitable number of persons, either in or
not in the official service of the City
and County, to be examiners; and, if
in the official service, it shall be a part
of their official duty, without extra
compensation, to conduct such ex
aminations as the Commissioners may
direct, and to make return and report
thereof to the Commissioners. The
Commissioners may substitute any
other person, whether in or not in sue]
service, in the place of any one so se
lected. or may themselves act as such
examiners.
Sec. 6. Notice of the time, place anc
general scope of every examination
shall be given by the Commissioners
by publication for two weeks preceding
such examination in the official news
paper, and such notice shall also be
posted by the Commissioners in a con
spieuous place in their office for two
weeks before such examination. Such
further notice of examination shall be
given as they may prescribe.
Sec. 7. From the returns of the ex
aminers, or from the examinations
made by the Commissioners, the Com
missioners shall prepare a register for
each grade or class of positions in the
classified service of the City and
County of the persons whose general
average standing upon examination for
such grade or class is not less than the
minimum fixed by the rules of the
Commissioners, and who are otherwise
eligible. Such persons shall take rank
upon the register as candidates in the
order of their relative excellence, as
determined by examination, without
reference to priority of time of ex
amination.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall pro
vide for promotion in the classified ser
vice on the basis of ascertained merit
and seniority in service and standing
upon examination, and shall provide, in
all cases where practicable, that vacan
cies shall be filled by promotion. All
examinations for promotion shall be
competitive among such members of
the next lower rank established by the
Commissioners for each department as
desire to submit themselves to such ex
aminations. The Commissioners shall
submit to the appointing power the
names of not more than three appli
cants having the highest rating for
each promotion. The method of exam
ining, and the rules governing the same,
and the method of certifying, shall be
the same, as near as may be, as pro
vided for applicants for original ap
pointments.
Sec. 9. The head of the department
or office, in which a position classified
under this Article is to be filled, shall
notify the Commissioners of that fact,
and the Commissioners shall then certi
fy to the appointing officer the name
and address of one or more candidates,
not exceeding three, standing highest
upon the register for the class or grade
to which the position belongs; but la
borers shall be taken according to their
priority of application. In making such
certification, sex shall be disregarded,
except when some statute, the rules of
the Commissioners, or the appointing
power specifies sex.
Sec. 10. The appointing officer shall
notify the Commissioners of each posi
tion to be filled separately, and shall
fill such place by the appointment of
one of the persons certified to him by
the Commissioners therefor. Such ap
pointment shall be on probation for a
period to be fixed by the rules of the
Commissioners; but such rules shall
not fix such period at exceeding six
months. The Commissioners may strike
off names of candidates from the regis
ter after they have remained thereon
more than two years. At or before the
expiration of the r>eriod of probation,
the head of the department or office in
which a candidate is employed, may,
by and with the consent of the Com
! missloners, discharge him upon asslgn-
I ing in writing his reason therefor to
i the Commissioners. If he is not then
discharged, his appointment shall be
; deemed complete. To prevent the stop T
page of public business, or to meet ex
traordinary exigencies, the head of any
department or office may. with the ?r>
proval of the Commissioners, mak*
temporary appointments, to remain in
force not exceeding sixty days. and only
until regular appointments, under the
| provisions of this Article, can be made.
Sec. 11. The provisions of this Article
i shall apply to the following offices and
j departments of the City and County:
the County Clerk, tho Assessor, the Tax
Collector, the Sheriff, the Auditor, the
Recorder, the Coroner, the Clerks and
Stenographers of the Justices' and Po
lice Courts, the Board of Public Works,
the Police Department, the Fire De
partment, the Board of Election Com
missioners, the Board of Health and all
boards or departments controlling
public utilities; but the following dep
uties, clerks and employees In said of
fices and departments shall be exempt
ed therefrom: the Cashier of the Coun
ty Clerk, the Chief Deputy and the
Cashier of the Assessor, the Chief Dep
uty and the Cashier of the Tax Collec
tor, the Under Sheriff and the Chief
Bookkeeper of the Sheriff, the Deputy
Auditor, the Chief Deputy of the Re
corder, the Chief Deputy Coroner, the
City Engineer, the Secretary and the
Architect, of the Board of Public Works,
the Registrar of the Board of Election
Commissioners, the Chief of Police, the
j Chief Engineer of the Fire Department,
i and all physicians appointed by or on
i the Board of Health. All officers, courts,
boards and heads of departments vest
ed In this Charter with the power to
appoint deputies, clerks, stenographers
or employees in any of the offices op
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
departments of the City and County
mentioned In this section shall mak«
such appointments in conformity with
the rules and provisions prescribed by
this Article, and any appointment not
so made shall be void.
Sec. 12. No deputy, clerk or employee
in the classified civil service of the City
and County, who shall have been ap
pointed under said rules, shall be re
moved or discharged except for cause,
upon written charges and after an op
portunity to be heard in his own de
fense. Such charges shall be investi
gated by or before the Civil Service
Commission, or by or before some offi
cer or board appointed by the Commis
sioners to conduct such investigation.
The finding and decision of the Com
missioners, or such investigating office*,
or board, when approved by the Com
missioners, Vhall be certified to the ap
pointing officer or board, and shall b»
forthwith enforced by such officer.
Nothing in this Article shall limit the
power of any officer or board to sus
pend a subordinate for a reasonable pe
riod, not exceeding thirty days.
Sec. 13. Immediate notice in writing
6hall be given by the appointing power
to the Commissioners of all appoint
ments, permanent or temporary, made
in such classified civil service, and of
all transfers, promotions, resignations,
suspensions or vacancies from any
cause in such service, and of the date
thereof; and a record of the same shall
be kept by the Commissioners. When
any place of employment is created ot
abolished, or the compensation at
tached thereto altered, the officer or
board making such change shall imme
diately report in writing to the Com
missioners.
Sec. 14. The Commissioners shall In
vestigate the enforcement of the pro
visions of this Article, and of its rules,
and the action of the examiners herein
provided for, and the conduct and
action of the appointees in the
classified service in the City and
County, and may inquire as to
the nature, tenure and compensation
of all places in the public service there
of.
Sec. 15. The Commissioners shall, on
or before the fifteenth day of January
in each year, make to the Supervisors
a report shewing their acts, the rules
in force, the practical effects thereof,
and suggestions for the more ef
fectual accomplishment of the purposes
of this Article. The Mayor may re
quire a report from the Commissioners
at any time.
Sec. 16. The Commissioners shall em
ploy a Chief Examiner who shall, under
their direction, superintend any exam
ination held in the City and County
under this Article, and who shall per
form such duties as the Commissioners
may prescribe. The Chief Examiner
shall be Secretary of the Commission
by virtue of his office. He shall keep
minutes of its proceedings, preserve all
reports made to it, and keep a record of
all examinations held under its direc
tion. He shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 17. The Supervisors shall fur
nish the Commission with suitable of
fices, office furniture, books, stationery,
blanks, heat and light, and shall pro
vide for the payment of such other ex
penses as may be necessarily Incurred
in carrying out the provisions of this
Article.
Sec. 18. No person or officer shall by
j himself, or in co-operation with other
persons, defeat, deceive or obstruct any
■ person in respect to his or her right of
examination; or falsely mark, grade,
estimate or report upon the examina
tion or proper standing of any person
examined hereunder, or aid In so doing;
or make any false representations con
i eeming the same, or concerning the
[ person examined; or furnish to any
person any special or secret infor
, mation for the purpose of either
improving or Injuring the prospects or
, chances of any person of being ap
'. pointed, employed or promoted.
See. 19. The Commissioners shall cer
tify to the Auditor all appointments to
places of employment in the classified
civil service, ai. 3 all vacancies occurring
therein, whether by dismissal, reslgna
| tion or death, and all findings made or
' approved by the Commission under the
] provisions of Section twelve of this Ar
ticle.
Sec. 20. The Commissioners shall have
I power to Institute and prosecute legal
proceedings for violation of any of the
j provisions of this Article.
ARTICLE XIV.
PARK COMMISSIONERS.
SECTION 1. The lands designated
I upon the map of the Outside Lands of
i the City and County, made pursuant to
| Order Number One Hundred, by the
i word "Park," extending from Stanyan
! street to the Pacific Ocean and known
I as Golden Gate Park; also the land
; fronting on Haight street, designated
j upon said map by the word "Park,"
and known as "Buena Vista Park";
I also the land designated upon said map
I by the word "Avenue," extending from
! Baker street westward until it crosses
! Stanyan street; also that certain high
j way bounded on the west by the Pacific
I Ocean, and designated upon said map
las "Great Highway"; also "Mountain
I Lake Park"; also "Seal Rocks," as
ceded to the City and County of San
; Francisco by Act of Congress; and all
the other parks and squares In the City
and County, and all the grounds
surrounding public buildings in the
■ City and County, and. all parks and
i squares and public pleasure grounds
i hereafter acquired by the City and
I County shall be under the exclusive
i control and mangement of a Board of
! Commissioners, who shall be known
! and designated as Park Commissioners.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall be
successors in office of the Park Com
j missioners holding office in the City
! and County at the time this Charter
i shall go into effect by virtue of ap
j pointment under any statute of this
! State.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
five In number, one of whom must be
an artist. They shall be appointed by
the Mayor for a term of four years and
shall receive no compensation for their
services. They shall so classify them
selves by lot that one of them shall go
out of office at the end of one year, one
at the end of two years, one at the end
of three years, and two at the end of
four years.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
ganize by electing one of their number
President, and they may elect a Secre
tary who is not a member of the Boa-d
The Board shall establish rules and
regulations for Its government and for
the performance of Its duties, and for
the conduct of its officers and em
ployees, and shall require adequate
bonds from all of them, except labor
ers, for the faithful performance of
their duties in such sums as may be
fixed by it. Such bonds shall be ap
proved by the Mayor and filed in the
office of the Auditor. The person
elected President shall hold his office
for one year, or until his successor is
elected. The Board must hold regular
meetings at least once in two weeks,
and as many special meetings as it
may deem proper.
Three of the Commissioners shall con
stitute a quorum for the transaction of
business. No contract shall be entered
into authorizing the expenditure of
money without the approval of four of
the Commissioners. Every contract
exceeding five hundred dollars in
amount shall be open to public com
petition, unless the Board shall deter
mine in any given case to have the
work done by day's labor. All the pro
visions of the Article in this Charter on
the Department of Public Works relat
ing to contracts shall be applicable to
all contract work ordered by th^j Com
missioners.
Sec. 5. The Commissioners may
adopt ordinances for the regulation, use
and government of the aforesaid park",
squares, avenues and grounds not in
consistent with the laws of the State
of California or with this Charter. Such
ordinances shall, within five days after
their passage, be published for ten
days, Sundays excepted, in the official
newspaper. Any person violating any
of such ordinances shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall b*?
punched therefor, on conviction, n any
court of competent Jurisdiction. None of
such ordinances shall be valid unless It
receives the vote of four member of
the Board. No ordinance shall be
passed at the same meeting at which It
is introduced, or at any other than a
regular meeting. Such ordinances shall
take effect in not less than ten days af
ter their adoption.
Sec. 6. The Commissioners shall have
the complete and exclusive control,
management and direction of the afore
said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds, and the exclusive right to
erect, and to superintend the erection
of, buildings and structures thereon;
and to that end may employ and ap
point superintendents, laborers, sur
veyors, engineers, and other officers and
assistants, and prescribe and fix their
duties, authority and compensation.
They shall have the exclusive manage
ment and disbursement of all funds le
gally appropriated or received from
any source for the support of said
parks, squares, avenues and grounds.
The Board may accept from donoru
suitable articles for the Museum and i
Art Gallery situate in the aforesaid
Golden Gate Park and shall manage
and control said Museum and Art Gal
lery.
Except as provided In section nine of
this Chapter, nothing in this section
shall be so construed as to authorize the
Commissioners to lease any part of any j
of said parks, squares, avenues and j
grounds to any person, company or cor
poration for any purpose; or to permit
any person, company or corporation to j
build or maintain any structure on any '
part of said parks, squares, avenues or '
grounds; but this shall not Inhibit the!
Board from leasing, for a period not j
greater than one year, such buildings
as may be constructed by itself for the
use of the public to such person, com.
pany or corporation who shall under
take to serve such use; and in jvery
such lease the Board shall reserve the
right to enter at all times Into and upon
the premises so leased, and shall moke
the condition that the building so
leased shall be used for paric-pleasvr<»
purposes only. No such buiHin? shall
be- constructed by the Board except it
ne within the objects and purposes for
which said parks, squares, aye lues and
grounds were dedicated to the public.
Nothing, however, in this section, con
tained shall inhibit the Board from
permitting the use of a limited portion
01 any one of the aforesaid parks or
squares for the purpose ot conducting
thereon a Fa> or Exposition, under
such conditions and restrictions as may
be necessary to conserve the integrity
of said parks and squares, and for a pe.
rictl not greatei than six months, and
so as not to interfere wilh the use of
any of the same by the public for park
pleasure purposes; but no such permis
sion shall ever be granted . xc.'pt such
Fair or Exposition be of National, Stat»
.i- Municipal mportance. None of the
moneys in, or apportioned to, the Park j
Fund shall ke used for th? purposes ci
any such Fair cr Exposition.
Sec. 7. The Chief of Police shall, on
tins request of the CommUnicnerr, de
tail such members of the Police Force
of the City and County fur service in
r.rdd parks, squares, averts and
grounds as may be necessary for the en
forcement of the law and for the proper
observance of the ordinances of the
Commissioners; and the Cc mmissioners
may provide c place of detention with
!i< either of sa.d public pla -es In which
the persons or rested for violating any
of ihe ordinances of the Board may he
detained temporarily.
Sec. 8. The Board may receive dona
tions from persons and corporations
and legacies and bequests for the im
provement of said park, squares, ave
nues and grounds. All moneys that
may be derived from such donations,
legacies and bequests, shall, unless
otherwise provided by the terms of
such gift, legacy, or bequest, be de
posited in the treasury of the City and
County to the credit of the Park Fund.
The same may be withdrawn therefrom
and paid out in the same manner as is
provided for the payment of moneys le
gally appropriated for the support and
improvement of such parks, squares,
avenues and grounds. If the moneys
derived from such gifts, bequests or
legacies, shall at any time exceed in
amount the sum necessary for imme
diate expenditures on said parks,
squares, avenues and grounds, the
Board shall invest all or a part of the
same in interest bearing bonds of the
United States, or of the State of Cali
fornia or of any municipality thereof.
Sec. 9. The Board may lease to the
State of California, on such terms as it
may deem proper, a plot of ground in
Golden Gate Park not more than seven
hundred feet square, on which said
State may erect and maintain an ex
position building, in which may be ex
hibited the products of the several
counties of the State and in which the
collection made by the State Mining
Bureau may be maintained and ex
hibited; but said lease shall be upon the
express condition that no fee shall ever
be charged for admission to said build
ing.
Sec. 10. Hereafter no work of art
shall become the property of the City
and County by purchase, gift or other
wise, unless such work of art or design
of the same, together with a statement
of the proposed location of such work
of art, shall first have been submitted
to and approved by the Commissioners;
nor shall such work of art, until so ap
proved, be erected or placed in or upon,
or allowed to extend over or upon
any street, avenue, square, park, muni
cipal building or other public place be
longing to the City and County. The
Board may require a complete model
of the proposed work of art to be sub
mitted. The term "work of art" as used
in this section shall apply to and in
clude all paintings, mural decorations,
stained glass, statues, bas-reliefs or
other sculptures, monuments, foun
tains, arches or other structures of a
permanent character, intended for
ornament or commemoration. No ex
isting work of art in the possession of
the City and County shall be removed,
relocated or altered in any way with
out the similar approval of the Board.
When so requested by the Mayor, or
the Supervisors, or the Board of
Public Works, or the Board of Educa
tion, the Board of Park Commissioners
shall act in a similar capacity, with
similar powers, in respect of the de
signs of municipal buildings, bridges,
approaches, gates, fences, lamps or
other structures erected or to be erect
ed upon land belonging to the City and
County, and in respect of the lines,
grades and plotting of public ways and
grounds, and in respect of arches,
bridges, structures and approaches
which are the property of any corpora
tion or private individual and which
shall extend over or upon any street,
avenue, highway, park or public place
belonging to the City and County. This
section shall not be so construed as to
impair the power of the Park Commis
sioners to refuse their consent to the
erection or acceptance of public monu
ments or memorials or other works of
art of any sort within any park, square
or public place in the City and County.
Sec. 11. The Supervisors shall pro
vide all necessary money for the main
tenance, preservation and improve
ment of said parks, squares, avenues
and grounds, and to that end shall an
nually levy a tax on all property in the
City and County not exempt from taxa
tion, which shall not to less than five
cents nor more than seven cents upon
each one hundred dollars assessed
valuation of said property.
ARTICLE XV.
BONDS OF OFFICIALS.
SECTION 1. Officers of the City and
County, before entering upon the di»
charpe of their official duties, shall
respectively give and execute to the
City and County such official bonds as
may be required by law, ordinance or
this Charter . When the amount of any
bond is not fixed by law or by this
Charter, it shall be fixed by an ordl
nance of the Supervisors. All bonds,
excepting those of the Mayor and Au
ditor, must be approved by the Mayor
and Auditor; the bond of the Mayor
must be approved by the Auditor, and
the bond of the Auditor must be ap
proved by the Mayor. The approval of
every official bond must be indorsed
thereon, and signed by the officers ap
proving the same, after examination
of the sureties, as hereinafter pro
vided. Upon the approval of a bond it
must be recorded, at the expense of
the party giving the bond. In the office
of the Recorder, in a book kept for
that purpose, entitled Record of Official
Bonds. The bond of the Auditor shall
be filed and kept in the office of the
County Clerk. rhe bonds of all other
officers shall be filed and kept in the
office of the Auditor.
Sec. 2. The following officers shall
respectively execute official bonds to
the City and County, with sureties, in
the following sums:
Mayor, twenty-five thousand dollars;
Auditor, fifty thousand dollars; Treas
urer, one hundred thousand dollars;
Tax Collector, one hundred thousand
dollars; Assessor, fifty thousand dol
lars; County Clerk, fifty thousand dol
lars; Recorder, ten thousand dollars;
Sheriff, fifty thousand dollars; Coroner,
ten thousand dollars; City Attorney,
ten thousand dollars* District Attor
ney, ten thousand dollars; Public Ad
ministrator, fifty thousand dollars; Su
perintendent of Public Schools, five
thousand dollars; each Commissioner
of Public Works, twenty-five thousand
dollars; Clerk of the Supervisors, ten
thousand dollars; each Supervisor, five
thousand dollars; each School Director,
five thousand dollars; each Fire Com
missioner, ten thousand dollars; each
Police Commissioner, five thousand dol
lars; each Election Commissioner, ten
thousand dollars; Property Clerk of
Police Department, ten thousand dol
lars; the Warrant and Bond Clerk, ten
thousand dollars.
Sec. 3. City and County officers shall
not be accepted as surety for each
other on official bonds. Every bond
shall contain a condition that the prin
cipal will faithfully perform all official
duties then, or that may thereafter be,
imposed upon or required of him by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
that at the expiration of his term of j
office he will surrender to his successor
all property, books, papers, and docu
ments that may come into his posses
sion as such officer. Such bond must
also be executed by two or more sure
ties who shall each justify in the
amount required for said bond; but
when the amount of the bond is more
than five thousand dollars, the sureties
may become severally liable for por
tions of not less than twenty-five hun
dred dollars. When there are more
than two sureties, such sureties may
justify in an amount which in the ag
gregate shall equal double the amount
of said bond.
Sec. 4. Every surety upon an official
bond, other than lawfully authorized
surety companies, must make an affi
davit, which shall be endorsed upon [
such bond, that he is a resident and
freeholder in the City and County, and
worth in property situated in the City
and County, exclusive of incumbrances
thereon, double the amount of his un- J
dertaking over and above all sums for '
which he is already liable or in any j
manner bound, whether as principal,
indorser or surety, and whether such
prior obligation or liability be condi
tional or absolute, liquidated, or un
liquidated, due or to become due. All
persons offered as sureties on official
bonds may be examined on oath as to
their qualifications by the officers whose
duty it is to approve the bond.
Sec. 6. When under any of the pro
visions of this Charter, or of any ordi
nance, an official bond shall be required
from an officer, the Supervisors may.
by resolution, require an additional
bond, whenever, in the opinion of
such board, such bond or any surety
thereto becomes insufficient; and such
additional bond shall also be required
when a surety to a bond shall die or
cease to be a resident of the City and
County.
Sec. 6. Every officer shall be liable on
his official bond for the acts and omis
sions of his deputies, assistants, clerks,
and employees, appointed by him, and
of any and each of them, and every of
ficial bond shall contain such a condi
tion.
See. 7. Every board, department or
officer may require of their deputies,
clerks or employees bonds of indemnity
with sufficient sureties for the faithful
performance of their duties.
ARTICLE XVI.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SECTION 1. The words "City and
County" wherever they occur in this
Charter mean the City and County of
San Francisco; and every department,
board and officer, wherever either one
of thi3m is mentioned in this Charter,
means a department, board or officer,
as the case may be, of the City and
County of San Francisco.
Sec. 2. All deputies, clerks, assistants
and other employees of the City and
County must be citizens of the United
States, and must, during their respect
ive terms of office or employment, ac
tually reside in the City and County
and must have so resided for one year
next preceding their appointment.
Sec. 3. No officer of the City and
County, except members of the Police
Department acting under orders of the
Chief thereof, shall absent himself
from the State; but he may, once only
during his term of office, so absent him
self for a period of not more than sixty
days upon the written permission of
the Mayor so to do. Violation of this
section shall be sufficient cause for the
removal of any officer violating the
same.
Sec 4. Any person holding a salaried
office under the City and County,
whether by election or appointment,
who shall, during his term of office,
hold or retain any other salaried office
under the government of the United
States, or of this State, or who shall
hold any other salaried office connected
with the government of the City and
Co-unty, or who shall become a member
of the Legislature, shall be deemed to
have thereby vacated the office held
by him under the City and County.
Sec. 5. No department, board or offi
cer shall, under any circumstances, em
ploy more subordinates than are spe
cifically provided for in this Charter or
buy supplies beyond the sum furnished
therefor by the Supervisors.
Sec. 6. No Supervisor and no officer
or employee of the City and County,
shall be or become, directly or indirect
ly, interested in. or in the performance
of, any contract, work, or business, or
in the sale of any article, the expense,
price or consideration of which is paya
ble from the treasury; or in the pur
chase or lease of any real estate or
other property belonging to, or taken
by, the City and County, or which shall
be sold for taxes or assessments, or by
virtue of legal process at the suit of the
City and County. If any person in this
section designated shall, during the
time for which he was elected or ap
pointed, acquire an interest in any con
tract with, or work done for, the City
and County, or any department or offi
cer thereof, or in any franchise, right or
privilege grantee by the City and Coun
ty, unless the same shall be devolved
upon him by law, he shall forfeit his of
fice, and be forever after debarred and
disqualified from being elected, ap
pointed or employed in the service of
the City and County; and all such con
tracts shall be void, and shall not be
enforceable against the City and Coun
ty.
Sec. 7. No officer or employee of the
City and County shall give or promise
to give to any other person, any por
tion of his compensation, or any money,
or valuable thing, in consideration of
having been, or of being, nominated,
appointed, voted for, or elected to, any
office or employment; and if any such
promise or gift be made, the person
making such gift or promise shall for
feit his office and employment, and be
forever debarred and disqualified from
being elected, appointed or employed In
the service of the City and County.
Sec. 8. Any officer of the City and
County who shall, while in office, ac
cept any donation or gratuity In money,
or other valuable thing, either directly
or indirectly, from any subordinate or
employee, or from any candidate or ap
plicant for any position as employee
or subordinate under him, shall forfeit
his office, and be forever debarred and
disqualified from holding any position
in the service of the City and County.
Sec. 9. Every department, board and
commission provided for in this Char
ter, except the Supervisors, shall ren
der to the Mayor within one month af
ter the end of each liscal year a full re
port of all the operations of such de
partment or board or commission for
such year.
Sec. 10. An office becomes vacant
when the incumbent thereof dies, re
signs, is adjudged insane, convicted of
felony, or of an offense involving a vio
lation of his official duties, or is re
moved from office, or ceases to be t»
resident of the City and County, or neg
lects to qualify within the time pre
scribed by law, or within twenty days
after his election or appointment, or
shall have been absent from the State
without leave for more than sixty con
secutive days.
Sec. 11. Every officer who shall ap
prove, allow or pay any demand on thtj
treasury not authorized by law, ordi
nance or this Charter, shall be liable to
the City and County individually and
on his official bond for the amount of
the demand so Illegally approved, al
lowed or paid.
Sec. 12. The departments, boards,
commissioners and officers provided for
in this Charter shall be entitled to the
possession of all papers, books, docu
ments, maps, plats, records and ar
chives in the possession or under the
control of those respectively who are
superseded in office under this Charter
by such departments, boards, commis
sioners and officers.
Sec. 13. All books and records of
every office and department shall bo
open to the inspection of any citizen at
any time during business hours. Cer
tified copies or extracts from said books
and records shall be given by the offi
cer having the same in custody to any
person demanding the same, and pay
ing or tendering ten cents a folio of one
hundred words for such copies or ex
tracts; but the records of the Police
Department shall not be subject to
such inspection except permission be
given by the Police Commissioners or
by the Chief of Police.
Sec. 14. The Treasurer shall keep his
office open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from nine o'clock
in the forenoon until four o'clock in
the afternoon. Except where other
wise provided for by law, or by this
Charter, all other public offices shall be
kept open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from half-past
eight o'clock in the forenoon until five
o'clock in the afternoon; and, in ad
dition thereto, from the first day of
November until the last Monday of De
cember in each year the office of the
Tax Collector shall le kept open until
nine o'clock in the evening.
Sec. 15. No person shall be eligible to
or hold any office, or be clerk or dep
uty in any office or department, who
has been found guilty of malfeasance
in office, bribery or other infamous
crime or who in any capacity has em
bezzled public funds.
Sec. 16. The fiscal year mentioned in
this Charter shall commence on the
first day of July and end on the thirti
eth day of June following.
Sec. 17. All moneys, assessments and
taxes belonging to or collected for the
use of the City and County, coming into
the hands of any officer of the City and
County, shall immediately be deposited
with the Treasurer for the benefit of
the funds to which they respectively
belong. If such officer for twenty-four
hours after receiving the same shall
delay or neglect to make such deposit,
he shall be deemed guilty of misconduct
in office-and may be removed.
Sec. 18. Any elected officer, except
Supervisor, may be suspended by the
Mayor and removed by the Supervisors
for cause; and any appointed officer
may be removed by the Mayor for
cause. The Mayor shall appoint some
person to discharge the duties of the
office during the period of such sus
pension.
Sec. 19. When the Mayor shall sus
pend any elected officer he shall im
mediately notify the Supervisors of
such suspension and the cause there
for. If the Board is not in session he
shall immediately call a session of the
same in such manner as shall be pro
vided by ordinance. The Mayor shall
present written charges against such
suspended officer to the Board and fur
nish a copy of the same to said officer,
who shall have the right to appear
with counsel before the Board in his
defense. If by an affirmative vote of
not less than fourteen members of the
Board of Supervisors, taken by ayes
and noes and entered on its record,' the
action of the Mayor is approved, then
the suspended officer shall thereby be
removed from office: but If the action
of the Mayor is not so approved such
suspended officer shall be immediately
reinstated.
Sec. 20. When the Mayor shall re
move an appointed officer from office,
he shall immediately notify the Board
of Supervisors of such removal, and
furnish it a statement of, the cause
therefor, which statement shall be en
tered in the record of its proceedings.
Sec. 21. Unless otherwise provided
by law or by this Charter, any officer,
board or department authorized to ap
point any deputy, clerk, assistant or
employee, shall have the right to re
move any j erson so appointed.
Sec. 22. All appointments of officers,
deputies and clerks to be made under
any provision of this Charter must be
made in writing and in duplicate, au
thenticated by the person or person,
board or officer making the same. One
of such duplicates must be filed with
the Secretary of the Civil Service Com
mission and the other with the Auditor.
Sec. 23. Wherever it Is provided in
this Charter that the members of any
board, department or commission shall
so classify themselves by lot that their
terms of office shall expire at different
times, such members shall, on the day
of making such classification, cause the
same to be entered in the records of
their proceedings, and a copy thereof,
certified by the Secretary thereof and
signed by all of said members, shall be
filed with the Clerk of the Supervisors.
In every case such classification must
be made at the first meeting of the
Board.
Sec. 24. Every officer and every mem
ber of any board or committee provided
for in this Charter shall have the power
to administer oaths and affirmations,
and every such board, officer or com
mittee shall have power to issue subpe
nas, to compel by subpena the produc
tion of books, papers and documents,
and to take and hear testimony concern
ing any matter or thing pending before
any such board, officer or committee.
If any person so subpenaed neglect or
refuse to appear, or to produce any
book, paper or document, as required
by such subpena. or shall refuse to
testify before any such board, officer or
committee, or to answer any question
which any officer or a majority of such
board or committee shall decide to be
proper or pertinent, he shall be
deemed in contempt, and any such
board, officer or committee shall have
power to take the proceedings in that
behalf provided by the general laws of
this State. The Chief of Police must,
on request of such officer or of any
member of any such board or com
mittee, detail a Police Officer or Officers
to serve such subpenas.
Sec. 25. All cublications provided for
in this Charter must be made in the
official newspaper only.
Sec. 26. All franchises and privileges
heretofore granted by the City and
County which are not in actual use or
enjoyment, or which the grantees
thereof have not in good faith com
menced to exercise, are hereby de
clared forfeited and of no validity un
less said grantees or their assigns shall,
within six months after this Charter
takes effect, in good faith commence
the exercise and enjoyment of such
PI Sec e ff °All ordinances or resolutions
for the improvement of any street for
which no contract shall have been en
tered Into at the time this Charter
takes effect are hereby repealed.
Sec 28. All ordinances, orders and
resolutions of tne Supervisors of the
City and County in force at the time
this Charter takes effect and not in
consistent therewith, shall continue in
force until amended or repealed.
Sec 29 When the Supervisors shall
determine that the public interest re
quires the construction or acquisition
of any permanent municipal building or
improvement, the cost of which in aa
dition to the other expenses of the
City and County will exceed the income
and revenue provided for the city and
County for any one year, they must Dy
ordinance passed Ly tha affirmative vote
of not less than fourteen members ...
the Board, submit a proposition to in
cur a bonded indebtedness for such
purpose to the electors of the City and
County at a special election to be held
for that purpose only. All the provis
ions of this Charter providing for the
acquisition of public utilities, so far aa
the same are applicable, shall apply to
the manner of submitting such propo
sition to the electors, to the limitations
of said bonded indebtedness, to the is
suance and character of the same, and
to ths time when and the kind of
money in which said bonded In
debtedness shall be payable. The pro
ceeds of the sales of such bonds shall
be paid into the treasury to the credit
of the Public Building Fund.
Sec. 30. Every assistant deputy or
other subordinate of any board, depart
ment or officer, shall discharge any ot
the duties pertaining to such depart
ment, board or office as his chief may
assign him to. ... * M
Sec. 31. No member of the Board ot
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commlssionera
shall be eligible to any elective office
while he is a member of such Board, or
for one year thereafter. .
Sec. 32. No member of the Board ot
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioners,
and no officer, subordinate or employee
of the Police Department or of the Firs
Department, shall be a member of any
partisan convention the purpose of
which is to nominate candidates for
office; nor shall either of them directly
or indirectly electioneer, by soliciting
votes or otherwise, for or against any
candidate for office at any election, or
for or against any candidate for nomi
nation before any political convention,
or for or against any candidate for del
egate to such convention at any pri
mary election; nor shall either of them
be a member of any committee, club,
or organization the purpose of which is
to nominate or endorse candidates for
office at any election; nor in any way
attempt to influence or control such
committee, club or organization, while
nominating or endorsing said candi
dates; nor take any part in the control,
management or distribution of the po
litical patronage of any public officer:
nor shall any member of either of said
Boards, or any officer, subordinate or
employee of either of said departments
directly or indirectly attempt to control
or in any manner influence the action
of any officer, subordinate or employee
of either of said departments at any
general, special or primary election.
And no officer, subordinate or employee
of either of said departments shall
levy, collect or pay any amount of
money as an assessment or contri
bution for political purposes. Any
person violating any of the pro
visions of this section shall be re
moved forthwith from his office or
employment. If the violation be by a
member of either of said Boards the
Mayor must remove such member: and
if by an officer, employee or subordinate
of either of said departments, then th«
Board whose officer, employee or sub
ordinate has been guilty of such viola
tion, must remove such officer, employee
or subordinate; and if such Board fail
or refuse to make such removal, then
the Mayor must remove all members of
the Board who have so failed or re
fused.
Sec. 33. No deputy, clerk ot other em
ployee of the City and County shall b6
paid for a greater time than that
covered by his actual service.
Sec. 34. The salaries provided in this
Charter shall be in full compensation
for all services rendered, and every of
ficer shall pay all moneys coming into
his hands as such officer, no matter
from what source derived or received,
into the treasury of the City and
County within twenty-four hours af
ter receipt of the same.
Sec. 35. "When any officer, board or de
partment shall require additional depu
ties, clerks or employees, application
shall be made to the Mayor therefor,
and upon such application the Mayor
shall make investigation as to the ne
cessity for such additional assistance;
and if he find the same necessary ha
may recommend to the Supervisors to
authorize the appointment of such ad
ditional deputies, clerks or employees;
and thereupon the Supervisors, by an
affirmative vote of not less than four
teen members, may authorize such ap«
pointments, and provide for the com
pensation of such appointees, subject to
the limitations contained in this Char
ter, and subject to the provisions of
Article XIII thereof.
Sec. 36. At any time between the first
day of December, in the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and the first day of January, in
the year nineteen hundred, the person
who, at the election held under this
Charter in the month of November next
preceding, has been elected the Mayor
of the City and County, shall make all
the appointments provided by this
Charter to be made by him, and all
the persons so appointed shall there
upon qualify as in this Charter pro
vided, and shall take office at the hour
of noon on the first Monday after tha
first day of January in the year nine
teen hundred, and all boards, commis
sions and officers of the City and Coun
ty holding by appointment under ex
isting laws shall hold office no longer
than said last aforesaid time.
Sec. 37. The balance remaining in the
School Fund at the time this Charter
takes effect shall forthwith be trans
ferred to the Common School Fund cre
ated by this Charter. The balance re
maining in the Library Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect shall
forthwith be transferred to the Library
Fund created by this Charter. The bal
ance remaining in the Park Improve
ment Fund at the time this Charter
takes effect shall forthwith be trans
ferred to the Park Fund created by this
Charter. The balance remaining in the
Unapportioned Fee Fund at the time
this Charter takes effect shall forthwith
be transferred to the Unapportioned
Fee Fund created by this Charter. The
balance remaining in the Police Relief
and Pension Fund at the time this
Charter takes effect shall forthwith be
transferred to the Police Relief and
Pension Fund created by this Charter.
The balance remaining in the Surplus
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect shall forthwith be transferred to
the Surplus Fund created by this Char
ter. The balance remaining in the Spe
cial Deposit Fund at the time this
Charter takes effect shall forthwith be
transferred to the Special Deposit Fund
created by this Charter. The balance
remaining in the General Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect, the
balance remaining in the Street Light
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect, the balance remaining in the
Street Department Fund at the time
this Charter takes effect, the balance
remaining in the Police Contingent
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect, the balance remaining in the
Pound Fee Fund at the time this Char
ter takes effect., and the balance re
maining in the Special Fee Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect, shall
each and every one of them be forth
with transferred to the General Fund
created by this Charter. Out of tht?><'l General Fund shall be paid, as in
<tvs section hereinafter provided, all
t ■!>.•• ■ xpenses <>f the various depart
ir.vi-is ol ili' 1 City and County, except
B&( h expenses aa are by this Charter
paid i 'm of the Funds specifically
led for t lie payment of such ex
s. For the six months ending on
th.c thirtieth day of June, in the year
nineteen hundred, each and every of
departments shall expend the
s< ■ apart to eacb of them }»y
the Board of Supervisors of the existing
municipality. So mvi h of said moneys
• by said Board or Supervisors
Superintendent of Public Streets,
Highways and Squares for the fiscal
ending on said thirtieth day of
:, the year nineteen hundred, as
remain unexpended at the time
harter takes effect, shall be ex-
Jring said six months by the
of Public Works in the opera
the 'i'-prirtment committed to
■ c. AH the expenses of the City
and i ' Linty which are not to be paid out
funds shall be paid during
said six months out of the General
Fund. Should the moneys set apart
s' v tl of Supervisors of the ex
municipality to any department
of the city and County become or be
exhausted at any time during said six
'. uld any department cre
by this Charter have no money
ily provided for it during paid
clx mi nths, then in each such case the
expenses thereof shall be paid out of
the General Fund, notwithstanding
anything contained in sections six and
peven of Chapter I of Article 111 of this
Charter. Such pensions asmayaccrueto
firemen under Article IX of this Char
ter during said six months shall be paid
the General Fund. The existing
municipality mentioned in this section
Is the existing municipality of the City
unty of Pan Francisco, and the
funds which are to b*» trans
ln this Bectlon provided are
x! sting municipality. All
the funds of said existing municipality
tioned in this section, and
are authorized by law, shall be
continued in the treasury until the ne
!or their continuance ceases.
38. When the necessity for
ng any Fund of the City and
•i existence at the time this
takes effect has ceased to cx
i balance remains in such
Fund, the Supervisors shall so declare
by ordinance, and upon such declara
h balance shall be forthwith
■••rred to the General Fund.
SCHEDULE.
This Charter shall be published for
twenty d.i\s in The San Francisco Call
and in the Daily Report, daily news
papers of general circulation in the
City and County of San Francisco, and
Biicta publication, viz.: on Thurs
oay, the twenty-sixth day of May, in
the year one thousand eißht hundred
end ninety-eight, it shall be submitted
to the qualified electors i,-f said City
and County of San Francisco, at a spe
cial tk-rti.in v. huh shall be held on that
day, for the s"lc purpose of voting upon
the adoption of the same; and if a ma
jority of the qualified electors of said
and County voting at said election
shall ratify the Bame it shall be sub
mitted to the Legislature of the State
alifornia for Its approval or rejec
li" the Legislature shall approve
It shall tak.- effect and be in
as hereinafter otherwise
pr< vidi d, on and after the hour of noon
on the first Monday after the first day
of January in the year nineteen hun
dred. him] shall thereupon become the
■•r and organic law of the City
County of San Fran-is-,., and shall
■ xisting Charter of said
County, and all amendments
all laws inconsistent with
i Iharter.
' TI ' ballots at »ai ". election
shall b- as follows:
THE NEW CHARTER, T~23.
THE NEW CHARTIR, XO.
For the sole purposes of the election
of- the officers directed in .this Charter
. to be elected by the jv >pie, this Char
.ter nhall take effect on and after its
-approval by the Legislature, and the
■ election of such officers shall be man-
S tf conducted and controlled by the
Board of Election Commissioners in
and for said City and County in office
■'- the time of such election.
And for the sole other purpose of the
Mayor elected under this Charter mak
ing the appointments provided in this
Charter to be made by hii.i, and of the
qualification of the persons so ap
pointed, this Charter shall take effect
on tho first day of December, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-nine.
BE IT KNOWN. That the City and
County of Ban Francisco, containing a
population of more than two hundred
thousand inhabitants, on the twenty
.Beventh day of December, in the year
one. thousand eight hundred and
ninety-seven, and under and in ac
cordance with the provisions of Sec
tion 8, of Article XI. of the Constitu
tion of this State, did elect the under
signed a Board nt Fifteen Freeholders
to prepare and propose a Charter for
paid City and County; and we. the
members of said Board, in pursuance
of such provisions of the Constitution
and within a period of ninety days
lifter such election, have prepared and
do propose the foregoing, signed in
duplicate, as and for the Charter for
paid City and County of San Fran
cisco.
. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have
hereunto set our hands in duplicate,
this twenty-fifth day of March, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-eight.
V JOSEPH BRITTON. President
JEROME A. ANDERSON.
- . JAMES BUTLER.
■'' ••:.'■■• H. N. CLEMENT,
A. COMTE, Jr.,
ALFRED CRIDGE.
L. R. ELLERT.
ISIDOR GUTTE.
p. h. McCarthy,
JOHN NIGHTINGALE, Jr.,
JOHN C. NORM A XX.
JOSEPH O'CONNOR.
LIPPMANN SACHS.
EDWARD R. TAYLOh.
A. W. THOMPSON.
Attest: J. RICH'D FREUD.
Secretary.
THE CALL. CALENDAR.
April, IS9B.
Su.Mo Tu.
■3 ~T "T
M II 12
17 IS 19
;24 2j 2U
We
i;
13
I 20
Th.
n
Pr. Sa. Moon's Phases.
1 2 /C\ Full Moon,
\£J April IT
_J a Uuarier
15 16 U. April 13.
77 IT ;, New Moon,
a - j, ** \=J April 20.
27
M
29 30
» First
■
NOTICE TO MARI..ER3.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, -located In the Merchants' Exchange, 1»
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit th»
office, where complete sets of charts and pall
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
light!', dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The t!m<* ball on top of the building on Tele
*r:ith Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian.
by telpsraphlc slgna! recplved f.nrh day from
the Unitpd States Naval Observatory at Mars
Island. <"'ul. •
A : notice stating whether the time ball wns
Cropped on time I r giving the error, if any, ii
publlrhed the same dnv by the afternoon
fiaper*. and -by the mornlmr papers the follow
ng day. W. S. HUGHES.
• . Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
The number of female physicians In
New York is something over eight
score. The extent of. their practice
ranges from a small sum to $15,000 a
year. Half a dozen of the number are
said to enjoy incomes of over $10,000 per
annum. ,
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver unchanged.
"Wheat and Bnrley rising steadily.
Oats, Corn and Rye higher.
liran and Middlings marked up.
Hay steady and unchanged.
Mlllatufls advancing.
Beans and Seeds unchanged.
Potatoes and Vegetables about the same.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as before.
A car of Eastern Poultry In.
Oranges glut the market.
Receipts of Strawberries light.
Dried Fruit quiet but steady.
Provisions unchanged.
Hogs btill weak.
THE TRADE OF NEW YORK.
The New York Commercial says:
"The total value of • the merchandise Im
ported at the port of New York for the seven
months ending January 31, IS9S, amounted to
$222,619.930. . Of this total the merchandise car
ried by American 'vessels, both sailing and
steam, was valued at $32,035,637. England
transported J1C8. 240.703 in its steamships, be
sides being credited with $3,255,027" in sailing
vessels. Germany came near putting the
United States in third place, for her vessels
carried $30,743,175 of the grand, total. The ex
ports for the seven months ending January 31,
1898, made a handsome showing and exceeded
the imports by over $16,000,000. American ves
sels took nearly 121,000,000, of which steamships
were credited with $1G.756.553 and sailing ves
sels $4,163,715. As usual the British shipown
ers did the bulk of the business, their steam
ers carrying $1*9,426,108, while $7,562,220 went in
sailers. In the export department German ves
sels more than held their own. while Norway
quite distinguished itself with a record of
$5,964,591 steam and J174.355 sail."
EXPLANATION.
The arrow f!ifs with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate minimum temperature
! f<>r the days; those underneath it. if any. the
amount of rainfall or of melted Enow in Inches
and hnndredths during the i att twelve hours.
Isobars, or Bolld Ifnes, connect points of equal
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature; The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
1 1 ■.- weather and rains. "Lows" usually
ir '-n the Washington coast. When
the pressure Is high In the Interior and low
- th- n coast, and the isobars extend north
. ar..l south along the coast, rain is probable:
' but when the ■■low" is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Im
• .'••. With a "hiKh" in the vicinity of
I Idaho, and the pressure fallinc: to the Cali
j fornla coast, warmer weather may be expected <
in summer and coMer weather In winter. The I
-•• of these conditions will i>roduce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(l^th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
HAN FRANCISCO, April 4. E p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last Reason and rainfall during the past
twenty-four hours:
Past This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 28.61 4fi.s^
Rod Bluff 0 12.f'S 23. 50
Sacramento o 8.63 17.15
San Francisco 0 7.56 22.63
Fresno o 4.01 10.52
San Luis Obtspo 0 6.0, i 20.711
Los Angeles 0 5. 20 16.74
Hin Diego 0 4.10 11.66 i
Yuma 0 1.65 • 5.35]
San Francisco temperature: Maximum. 60: i
minimum. 45; mean. *>2.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
Th" pre?«ure has fallen generally over the
1 country west of the Rocky Mountains. Over
! Northern Washington and Vancouver Island
th( re hn? been B fall of nearly half an inch in
I the past twenty-four hours. A troujrh of low
i pressure appears to be developing In Wash
j lnyton anil Oregon and Northern California.
The temperature has risen over almost all of
; the Pacific Slope. In the great valleys the
i temperature Is about 10 degrees above the
n< tT'inal.
No rain has fallen west of the Rocky Moun
■ tains.
Forecasts mrtdf at San Francisco for thirty
1 hours I'lidtng midnight April 5. l*'-^:
Northern California— Fair Tucs'lay, with in
creasing cloudiness in the afternoon; continued
warm weather: southerly winds.
I Southern California— Fair Tuesday; continued
warm weather; westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday.
Utah— Fair Tuesday; continued warm
wo'ither.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinltv— Fa!r Tuesday,
! with Increasing cloudiness in the afternoon;
I southerly wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpnis tnken
at 5 p. m. : Clear: wind west, five miles per
hour; temperature. W: maximum, fi».
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 4.— The interest and the
principal activity In the stock market to-day
■was in the first hour. The bulge at the open
ing was caused by the scramble to execute all
buying orders at once lor several thousand
shares In each of the leading stocks. These
orders were placed by frightened bears, who
saw a warning in the very buoyant tone as
sumed by American securities on foreign ex
changes and who had in mind the same ex
periences of the shorts of last Monday. Upon
the execution of this mass of orders at the
opening prices promptly sold off again. The
decline was arrested when rather more than
one-half of the advance had been wiped out.
Transactions for the remainder of the day
were small and fluctuations were narrow out
side of special cases and there was little of In
terest or importance in the stock market. Not
withstanding the later weakness net gains of
from 1 to over 2 points were saved for nearly
all the active stocks. 1 The opening Jump in
prices was in sympathy with the buoyancy
of Americans in foreign exchanges, where the
reported mediation of the Pope between the
United States and Spain was being viewed as
of the utmost importance. This improvement
was enhanced by the fact that the reports
given out I'mm Spanish sources had It that
the Pope's mediation was offered at the re
quest cf the United States. The sentiment of
peaceful adjustment found expression in
many pulpits In this country at Sunday's re
ligious services and tended to give color to
the peaceful outlook. Professional stock traders
who were after the bears' scalps were also
very busy disseminating an allegation that
President McKir.li-y had determined to em
body a recommendation against war or forcible
intervention in his forthcoming message. The
official denial from Washington that the
Pope had been accepted as a mediator between
the United States and Spain was potent in
dispelling this view. Expressions by men in
Washington who are strenuous for firm action
on the Cuban question and who expressed
th<-ir contentment with the assurances given
them after having seen the President indi
cate the purpose of the administration to in
sist upon ClUtfUl independence. .Notwithstand
ing these later revisions of -fnion the active
measures taken by the Pope were felt to offer
a Mosslble means of influence for Sr>a!n to
yield to the demands of the United States,
(■specially as the opinion of the Vatican here
tofore reported is inclined favorably toward
the granting of Cuban independence. This
constituted the sustaining force which pre
vented the market from a full reaction from
its opening gains.
The bond market was dull and after the
on nlng strong prices eased oft a little, but
stiffened again before the close. Total sales,
$1 725.000.
United States new 4's regular advanced 1%;
do coupon. 1%; old 4's regular, 1: do coupon
and the G's, %; all the 2's declined Vj per cent
bid.
Total sales of stocks to-rlay, 322,200 shares,
including: Atcbjson preferred, 4850; Burling
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 5, 1898.
ton, 33,320; L. and X., . 10.085: Manhattan, 16,
230; Metropolitan- Street Hallway, 11.376; Mis
souri Pacific, 5525; New York Central, 4961;
Northern Pacific, 10,715: do preferred, 7710;
Rock Island, 11,070; St. Paul, 42.125: Union Pa
cific, 32,023; Tobacco, 11,760; People's Gas, 4742;
Sugar, 84,780. • . -, *'v*v
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 11% St P & 0m. ...... 70
Do pref 25% Do pref 145
Baltimore & Ohio 16V4 S P M & M 130
Canada Pacific ... 87% So Pacific : 14 :.
Canada Southern. 47% So Railway S
Cent . Pacific 12 Do pref ..26%
Chea & 0hi0...... 19% Texas & Pacific. 10
Chi & Alton 153 1 *. Union Pacific ... 53%
Chi B & O <i 2% U P D & G.i 6*i
Chi & E 111 62 VVabash ..... 6!i
CC C & St L.... 27' A Do pref I". 1
Do pref 70 Wheel & L E.... 1%
Del & Hudson.... 107% Do pref 8%
Del L A: \V 14S Express Companies-
Den & R G 10V" Adams Ex ....... 100
Do pref 44 American Ex ....120
! Erie (new) 12% United States ... 38
Do Ist pref .... 33% Wells Fargo .....115
Ft Wayne 16S Miscellaneous—
!Gt Nor prer 147 A Cot Oil 16%
i Hocking Val 5% Do pref ........ 69
Illinois Cent 99 Amn Spirits 8%
; Lake Brie & W.. 13% Do pref ........ IS 1-*.1 -*.
Do pref 6S Am Tobacco 102%
i Lake Miore 179 Do pref 115
; Louis & Nash 60% People's Gas 91%
i Manhattan L .... 98 Cons Gas 179
I Met Traction 138 Com Cable C 0.... 160
Mich Cent 105 Col F & Iron .19%
Minn & St L 24 Do pref '..:..... SO
Do Ist pref .... SO Gen Electric ..... 32%
Mo Pacific 26% Illinois Steel 47 .
Mobile & 0hi0.... 27 Laclede Gas ..... 40
| Mo X & T 10% Lead 30%
Do pref 32 Do • ref ........ 107
Chi Ind & L...... 7 Nat Lin Oil ..... 14
Do pref 23 Or Imp Co 27%
N J Central 92 Pacific Mail 24%
N V Central .... 110* i Pullman Pal 170
N V Chi & S L.. 11% Silver Cert 55%
Do Ist pref .... 63 Stand R & T.... 3% ;
Do 2d pref .... 29 Sugar 118% \
Nor West 12& Do pref 108
No Amer Co 5% T C & 1r0n...... 20%
No Pacific 23% D S Leather ..... 5%
Do pref ........ ezv 4 Do pref 57H
Ontario & \\\... 14% U S Rubber 16%
Or R & Nay 47 Do pref 66
Or Short l^ine .. 23 West Union ' 85%
Plttsburg 168 C & N W. 119
Reading 17 Do pref 172%
Rock Island 86% St L & S W 4
St L & S F 6\i Do pref 9
Do Ist pref .... 55 RG \V : 23
Do 2d pref .... 26 ' Do nref 56
St Paul 89% Chi G W 102
Do pref 142 "Haw Com C 0..... 23%
CLOSING BONDS.
V S new 4s reg.. 122% N J C us 112
Do coup 122 V* N Carolina 65.... 122%
U S 4s 110 Do 4s ....100
Do coup 111% No Pac lsts 113
Do 2ds 97% Do 3s. 59
U S 5s reg 112 Do 4s 93*4
Do 5s coup 112 SYCi SL, 4s. 101%
District 8.65 a ..... 11l Nor & \V 65...... 120
Ala class A 108% N<>rthwstrn cons. 144 :
Do B 106 Do deb 5s 116
Do C " !>.* O Nay lsts 115
Do Currency. ... 95 O Nay 4s ........ 92%
Atchison 4s ....... 87% 0 S Line 6s tr.... 120
Do adj 4s 5914 Cf S Line 5s tr.... 95%
Can So 2ds 105' i O Imp lsts tr.... 106
Chi Term 52% Do Efl tr 36%,
C & Ohio 5s 113% Pacific 6s of 95... 103
CHAD 4%5.... 104% Rending 4s ... SO%
D& R G.lsts.... IPS RG \V lsts 81
D & RG 4s S8 SI, & I M.C .'is.. S7T4
East Term lsts.. 105 «L& SF G 65.. 117%
Erie Gen 4s 70% 3t P C0n...: 140
FW & D lsts tr. 68 SP. C & P lsts.. 118
Gen Elf-c 5s 100 Do 5s 113%
GH& S A 65.... 102 SO By 5s SS%
Do 2<ls 101 Stand R & T 6s. 54
H & T C 5s 112% Term new set ?.s. S4
Do con s 103 T & P L G lsts.. 100
lowa C lsts ...... 99 Do Rg 2.1s 32
Kan P Con tr.... 102 [* P D & G lsts.. 53%
X P Ist D D tr.. 124 Wab Ist 5s ...... 107%
La new cons 45.. 102 1 I Do 2ds ;. 77 -
L & N Uni 45.... 86% W Shore 4s 107
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries 67
M X & T 2d5.... 60 Do deferred ... 3
Do 4s S6Vi U P pref 53%
N V Central lsts. 115 lv P 4s 91%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar BOlOntario 2 75
Crown Point SSlOphir 6">
i" .n en.l & Va 80 1 Plymouth OS
Deadwood 1 00 iQuicksilver 100
Gould & Curry... 26] Do pref 200
Hale & Norcross. 1 30|S!erra Nevada ... 1 S5
Hamesta-ke 37 OOiStandard 1 7"
Iron Silver 32irnlon Con 40
Mexican 35 lYellow Jacket ... 24
Bi •STON.
BOSTON, April 4.— Atchison. 11%; Rell Tele-
I'honp. 243; Burlington, 93^.: Oregon Short Line"
2& ; San Diego, >
LONDON MARKETS.
NEW YORK. April The Evening Post's
London cablegram says: The markets here to
day opened strong on' the report that the Pope
was mediating on the Cuban affair and in the
opening of , Chinese . ports by England. Spanish
4's rose to 51 V ' A general reaction, rose. on the
disbelief that the Pope's mediation had been
sought by the United States.
The buying of Americans was rather exten
sive to-day, but it was not Influential. A
stock exchange holiday on Saturday is pro
visionally announced.
Copper shares were strong, ''-is,-
In connection with the weakness of the Lon
don discount market it should be observed that
more American bills are offering.
Cape gold to the amount of £300.000 was
bought to-day for shipment to New York.
CLOSE.
Canadian Pnclflc, S4: Grand Trunk. S. Bar
silver qui'-t. -'• 11-lCd per ounce. Money, 2@
2l2 lj 2 per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. April 4.— FLOUR-Rerelpts,
21.021; exports, 37,995; more active and firmer;
Minneapolis patents, $5 1005 50.
WHEAT— Receipts, 235.1J25 bushels; exports,
95.767 bushels. Spot, Hrm; No. 2 red, fl 03 1 *
f.o.b. spot.
Options opened steady on better news from
the stock market, and developed on late cables
and export developments. A reaction follows,
howrver, with general realization features,
particularly in late markets which showed
K®lc net lower, against advance In near
months. No. 2 red May, »1 00%«U 01&, closed
$1.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet
PETROLEUM— Easy.
METAL— The feeling in the metal market Is
moderate, some departments showing decided
strength and act-.\ 'v, while others are neg
lected and easier. At the close the Metal Ex
change reported:
PIG IRON— Warrants quiet at $C 70 bid and
$7 asked.
COPPER— QuTet, $11 50 bid and $12 asked.
TlN— Quiet, $14 SO bid and $14 40 asked.
BPBL.TER— Finn. 14 25 bid and $4 ::s ask^d.
LEAD— Easier, $3 67' i bid and $3 77' i asked.
The firm fixing the settling price for smelters
and miners in the West quotes lead at $3 '.0.
COFFEE— Options closed steady with prices
6®lE points n<-t higher. Salen. Ss.ooo l>nt;s, in
cluding: April, $r, ','■ May. $5 60<{?5 75. Spot
Rio No. 7 Invoice. 6-\ic; No. 7 Jobbing, 7&c.
Mild— Firm; Cordova, SUifilOo.
SVOAR- Raw strong, fair refining 3%c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 3Vic.
BUTTER— Receipts. UK iia-knces. Very firm;
■Western creamery, lD ! 2 1f 21c; Elglns, 21c; fac
tory. i2**l4">c.
EGGS — Receipts, 22.81S packages. Firm;
Western, 10c; Southern, SViiglOc.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, April < —California dried fruits
— Apples nuiet and other fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, r)@7-£c;
prime wire tray, BVic; good dried prime, B%c;
choice, B'i.g.S^ic; fancy 9@loc.
PRUNESB— 3>iiff-7%c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, h^frtlc; Moorpark, B<4c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, sc; peeled, Il(gl4c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, April Wheat started at an ad
vance of »4@?4c for July at 84&@84%c. After
a few moments of hesitation, during which
time the price touched 84% c, the market as
sumed a decidedly bullish aspect, and under
active general buying pushed , up ' steadily to
85%0(E%c, that price being reached before, the
end of the first hour's trading. Buyers -and
sellers were quite evenly divided at first. The
Orange Judd Farmer reported the .crop con
dition and put the average at 89." This was
not so bearish as expected, but as the average
was the highest In seven years jj it j had its
effect. Liverpool was Md higher for spot
Wheat, though futures were irregular. The
strength shown by stocks was the real incen
tive of the early, buying by the crowd. Then
and there- factors developed. Heavy buying of
late, which has been credited by some to
Europe, was continued to-day and strengthened
the belief that a corner: in July similar to the
one in May was In process of formation. The
belief was general enough to scare shorts, who
made a concerted rush to cover when what
was supposed ' to be Armour buying was re
newed. : Offerings were much too limited ; for
this demand and the advance to 55%@85%c re
sulted. . Quite free ..realizing took place at
these figures, the price being, forced off to 85c.
Here the market turned again and the highest
prices of- the day were reached about noon,
July getting up to 85% c: Letter reported fur
ther cash sales of about 500,000 bushels.. Late
in the day another spell of realizing caused a
reaction 'in . July to 85>,ic, that price being
reached , near the close. July closed at 85J4@
85% c. ■ ■ ■■■ ' • ■ .'■' - ■ . ■ ■.•_.-.._..
Corn was influenced mainly by the action of
Wheat. Trading was quite active. ■ May closed
HSi'ic higher. . • •>•>... 
Oats were firm but very inactive. May clos
ing H@V*c higher. '  : ... '.-: , :
Provisions were decidedly active. Prices ad
vanced sharply. under the influence of light hog
receipts 'and ■ some stocks, buying being gen
eral. The ; close , was steady, with May ' pork
22M>c higher. May lard 12 &c . higher and May
ribs 10c higher. -•■■_.■■■•.
The leading futures ranged as follows: "- ■'
Articles— >;■ ' Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat,- No. 2—2 — • - ■■■ '■ ■..■-*■•■■. .-,
May.. ....1 05^ 1 05*4 05 105**
Ju1y................. 84% *:,% . 84*4 -85ft
September .......... 75»4 ■ 78%  77% " 78%
December 78% 78% 77V4r.' 77&
. Corn, No. 2— . ■ ' ■ - : : , ! " ■
May.................. 29% . - 29% .-*-., 29% -..•■• 29%
July ................. 30% 31V4 80% vBl |
September.....'..:.'.. 31% 32% . 31%. .32
Oats. No. 2— ' . ■ - .
May 25% . 25% 25% 25%
July ...:...... 23^4,' 23%. . 23V4 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl— I
May V...990- 992% -977% 9 87%
July ...-.:... :....;:.. 9 90 10 02% 9 87% 9 97%
Lard, per 100 lbs— . . : , ' ■
May ......523 5 32% ;525 ■ 5 32%
July ........5 32%. 540 5 32% 540
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May ..;.: .....5 25 5 37% 5 22% 525
July .................5 35 535 .5 30 5 35
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, SSs?99c; No. 2 red,
$1 02MH 03; No. 2 corn.* 29% c; No. 2 oats, 25% c;
No. 2 white, f. o. b., 2»Vi©3oc: No. 3 white, i.
o. b. 27};<S2S%c; No. 2 rye, 50% c; No. 1 flax
seed. $1 21%; prime timothy seed, $2 70; mess
pork, per bbl. $9 85$8 90; - lard, per 100 lbs.
$5 27%06 30; short ribs sides (loose), $5 10<So 40;
! dry salted, shoulders (boxed). $4 75£4 87%; short
I clear sides (boxed). $5 40515 50; whisky, dis
tillers' finished goods, per gal, $1 19%. ■ ~
Articles— ' .Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls .'.13,000 ■ 11,000
Wheat, 41,000 ■ 330,000
Corn, bush ; 164,000 ■ 359,000
Oats, bush 243,000 254,000
Rye. bush ....3,000 6,000
Barley, bush 39,000 15,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries, 18@20c; dairies,
11:5,17 c. Cheese, quiet, B@SV*c. Eggs, steady;
fresh, 9c. /"V,y '." 1 "•'-U-v' ■'
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
I Minneapolis 205,190 28,120
Duluth 58,815 !
Milwuaukee 6,500 1,400 1
Chicago 41.281 329.831
Toledo 9,539 . 2.600
St. Louis 10,000 55,000
Detroit 3,288 605
Kansas City 32,000 30,500 i
Totals ........356,653 445.056
• Tidewater — ..'-'V, : , ; .:
Boston 42,677 ...
New York 98.762 234,025 j
Philadelphia 17,709 8,114 I
Baltimore 30,555 ...
New Orleans :
Galveston 17,600 4,800
Totals 207,303 246,939
PARIS FUTURES.
• Wheat— Mnrrh. May.
Opening 63 25 61 30 j
Closing /..... 63 30 61 75 j
Flour-
Opening 29 00 28 15 !
Closing 29 10 28 30
I LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES. '
. May. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 7 6% 7 2M. 6 7»4 6 6%
Closing ...7 6% 7 2% 6 7% 6 7%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, April 4.— CATTLE— The general
run of cattle was -weak with sales on an av
erage about 10c lowe- on short fed cattle. The
greater part of the stee — crossed the scales
at $4 8505 10. Poorest cattle sold from $3 SO
up to $5 10J?5 50, for choice to prime shipping
lots, exporters pay a round $5<5r5 50; stockers
and feeders sold at unchanged prices.
HOGS— "Were s@loc higher, trade being lively
all day. Hogs sold readil" at $3 85(§1 05; pigs,
choice, at $3@3 So; hogs sold at an extreme
range of $3 70@4 10. .
SHEEP— fully 10c higher for the best
grades. Shorn lam" r sold at Ssc@sl per 100
pounds, and wooled lots and shorn sheep went
40!&50c below unshorn.
■ Receipts, cattle, 20,000; hogs, 22,000; sheep,
21,000. '
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. April CATTLE— Receipts.
3300.' Prices were steady and trading active.
Native steers, $4*86: Western fed, $4@4 65; cows
and heifers, $2 40@4 45; stockers and feeders,
$4(&'4 95.
HOGS— The hog market was 10c higher. Bulk
of sales $3 62H@3 70, ton ?3 80. Heaviest and
packers J3 70?j3 80; mixed, {3 65@3 Su; lights,
$3 8001 70; pigs, $3 25@3 55.
SHEEP— Were active -d steady; Western
muttons. ?4(<i4 85- yearlings, $4 SOWS; Colorado
and Utah lambs. $5 5C©5 6214; stockers In good
demand. Receipts, 4300. ~,,.j ; :'.'".■■,-;■
OMAHA. ■
OMAHA, April 4.— Receipts, 1300.
Market closed active and steady; native beef
steer*, $4fi's; Western steers, t'i 75(5 4 75: cows
and heifers. ?2 50@4 30; winners, $1 50©! 50;
stockers and feeders, $3 75<5?4 75; calves, $4©6.
HOGS— Receipt? 1200. Market active and 5c
I higher: heaw, $3 ?o<fi:3 85; mixed. $3 7OOS 75;
light. $3 TO#J 75; bulk of sales, $3 7OOS 72 V..
SHEEP— Receipts, 9SOO. Market steady; fair
to choice natives*. S3 90(^4 65: do Western. $3 SO
©4 CO: common and stock sheep, $3<g4; lambs,
(4 -,r»5 75.
-.. DENVER.
DENVER. April 4.— CATTLE— Receipts, 900.
Market Steady. Beef steers, $3 80@4 30: cows,
tzyi: feeders, freight paid to river, 1 90f?4 40;
stackers, do, ■ $4@4 60; bulls ar " stags, $2 25@
3 25. .
Receipts, 100. Market 10c higher;
light packers. $3 75(??3 SO; mixed, $3 70@3 75;
heavy. $3 70 03 80. •
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market strong; good
fat muttons, ?3 40(?4 50; lambs, $4 25<g5 50. ■. v.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, April 4— Consols. 11l 7-16; Silver,
25 11-lGd; French Rentes, 103.27%.
LIVERPOOL, April 4— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California Wheat, 3Ss 3d; cargoes
Walla Walla Wheat, 36s 9d; cargoes off coast,
firm, 3d higher: cargoes on passage, firm, 3d
higher; Mark Lane American Flour, generally
Cd to lid d«arer: Liverpool Wheat, No. 1 Cali
fornia, 7s I<VI«JTs 10Hd; Wheat In Paris, firm:
Flour In Paris, firm; quantity Wheat and Flour
on passage to United Kingdom, 3,120.000 ctls;
quantity Wheat and Flour on passage to Conti
nent. L7M.000 ctls; Indian shipments Wheat to
United Kingdom. 25,000 ctls; Indian shipments
Wheat to f'ontlnent, 67,000 ctls; Import into
United Kingdom for week. 174,000 barrels Flour,
■324,000 quarters Wheat.
COTTON— Upland*, 3 7-ifid.
Imports of Wheat into Liverpool for the
week: From Atlantic ports, 74, i'Xi quarters;
from Pacltlc ports, none; from other ports, 39,
0W quarters.
Imports ot Corn Into Liverpool from Atlantic
ports for the week, 54,001) quarters.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or.. April 4.— The local Wheat
market was Inclined to be excitable to-day and
some very extravagant figures are reported as
being paid, one fancy lot of Walla Walla sell-
Ing at Sic, but this extreme figure failed to
hr.ld and other lots were refused at 80c.
Seventy-nine cents, though, was freeh- paid for
Walla Walla, and very little was secured for
less. Valley and blue stem were not In such
great demand and Sic was the top figure re
ported.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., April 4.— Wheat, excited
and 2o higher; closing strong; No. 1 club, 7&@
Mte; No. 1 blue stem. 521683 C.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 4.— Cotton steady; mixed,
6%c.
NEW ORLEANS, April 4.— Cotton steady;
middling, 5 9-16 c. _
PORTLAND BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. April 4.— Exchanges, $477,
707; balances, $114,377. _
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 81%
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 84%
Sterling Cables — 4 85V4
New York Exchange, sight — 12' i
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Flnp Sliver, per ounce — 5514
Mexican Dollars — 46
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Exports from this port in March
were 692,503 ctls, valued at $1,020,451, making
total exports thus far this crop year of »,042.
058 ctls, valued at $13,539,187.
There was a sharp advance In futures, owing
purely to the continued dry weather, which Is
gc-tting very serious-. Spot values are al9O
higher on the same account.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 PO
for No. 1, $1 52Vi for choice and $1 55 per cti
for choice for milling.
. • CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December—
4000 ctls, $1 42; 32,000, $1 41%; 32,000, $1 41%. May
—2000, $149%. : :'■
Second Session— December— 4ooo ctls, $1 43;
4000, $142%; 2000, $1 43%; 2000, $143%: 2000,
$1 43% ; 2000, •$1 43% ; ■ 4000 $1 44 ; 14.000, $1 44% ;
12,000, $1 44%: 4000, $1 44%: 10,000, $1 44%. May
—4000, $1 51%: 2000, $1 52; 2000, $1 62%; 2000.
$1 62%; 2000, $1 53; 4000, $1 63%; 2000, $1 53%. -
■ Regular Morning Session — December — 1000 ctls,
$1 43%; 8000, $1 44%; 10,000, $1 44%; 6000. $144%;
4000, =$1 44%; 12,000, $1 44%; 12,000, $1 44%. ■ -V - I
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ■ ctls,
$1 44%; 2000, $1 44; 4000, $143%: 42.000. 43%;
34,000, $143%; 36,000, $143%. : May-2000, $151%;
6000, $1 62%; 2000, $1 52% ; ■ 12.000. $1 62%. * - .■,•'".,•
BARLEY— Prices are booming, both on and
off call, owing to the dry weather and the con
stantly decreasing chances : for a ; satisfactory
crop. ■ :•-■".'' -.'■■•.•.-; ■ -;■ •'.-•.• ; . ■-,■
Feed, $1 25@1 27%; Brewing nominal at $1 30@
1 32%. ■• ;-. <■'■ ■ • - ■- ■ :■ ■ ;;•■■■•-. ■-.-T:
. . CALL BOARD SALES. »:
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December—
18,000 ctls, $1 24%; 8000. $1 25: 4000, $1 24%; 10,000, :
$1 24. ' May— 2ooo, $1 25%; 2000, $1 25; 2000, $1 24%.
Second Session— 4000 .ctls, ,■ $1 21;
2000. $124 V; 6000, $124%; 18,080. $120; 6000
$1 25%. May— 6ooo, $1 25%; 2000, $1 25%. ■---.' - ','
Regular ,■ Morning ; Session— May— 2000 ctls.
$1 25; 2000, $1 24%: 2000, $1 24; 2000, $1 23%. - De
cember— $1 24%; 4000, $1 24%; 2000, Jl 24. -••>,-,
Afternoon Session — T December — 2000 ctls,
$1 24%; 10.000, $1 24%: 4000. $1 24%; 12.000, $1 24%.
- OATS— Another advance has occurred;- owing
to the advance in Barley, and to current heavy
purchases by consumers who have . lately been
feeding Oats In preference to Barley 7on « ac
count of their being relatively. cheaper. .
■:•:■ Fancy Feed, $1 35<gl 37% - , per ctl; good ;to
choice, $1 30®l 35; common, ". $1 22%®l 30; Sur
prise, $1 32%@1 37%; gray, $1 25@i 30; milling,
$1 Ml 35 per ctl. •. <sv ■ • • , ...
y CORN— The . Eastern . market t has advanced
and: this market has gone up In sympathy. v v.i
'.- Small-round yellow, •$1 15@1 20 per ctl; large
yellow, $1 06%@l 10; white, $1 10®l 15. •■=.---.-. ■ ,c
. RYE— Is very strong at $1 20 per ctl.
I.; BUCKWHEAT— JI 75@2 per ctl. ■■ "
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The China steamer took out 12,797 barrels of
Flour. The Flour market Is very stiff and deal
ers are looking for an advance at any moment.
Millstuffs are rising in sympathy with the
raw product, as will be seen by the new quo
tations.
FLOl'R— Family Extras, $4 70Q4 So; bakers'
do, $4 50(E4 60 per bbl.
MILLSTt'FFK— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 !bs: Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour. $6; Curnmeal. $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal. $3 25: Oatmeal, ?4; Oat Groats, $4 25;
Hominy, $3 2.")f?3 SO; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25:
Cracked Wheat. *3 75; Farina, $4 75: Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $3 SO
(ft 6 20: in sacks. $5 60.1?6: Pearl Barley. S4 75;
Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas. $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Bran and Middlings have again been marked
up. Hay is firm, but, except Alfalfa, no higher,
and receipts are heavy. ■
BRAN— $W(fflO 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S22 50®25. '. -.'^H
FEEDSTUFF'S— Rolled Barley, $26@27 ' per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $28 504M9 50;
Jobbing. $30; Coeoanut Cake, $21 50@22 50; Cot
tonseed Meal. -$28@30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23©
24; Cracked Corn, $23 50(824 50; Chopped Feed.
$IS. ' . •
HAT— (Ex-car in round lots)— " Wheat. $190
23 50: Wheat and Oat. $18 50@22 50; Oat. $17 s<Mj>
19 50; Barley. $17@19: compressed Wheat. $19®
22: compressed Oat, $18018; Alfalfa, $12@M.
stock. il2fJl3: Clover. . $13(5)14.
STRAW— per h.i!»
BEANS AND SEEDS.
AH quotations under this head are unchanged
and the market Is qui?t.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 75-772 90: Small Whites.
$1 4WL 55; Large Whites, $140(3155; Pinks,
$2 40«f/2 50: Reds, $2 2.-.; Blackeye, $2 40rg2 10;
Butters, fl 40^1 fin; Limas. $2 50(52 15; Pea,
$1 40-S1 55; Red Kidneys. ?2§2 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 75@3 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $2<»2 50: Flax, $2 3.',: Canary
Seed, 2Ufi2 s 4c per lb: Alfalfa, 3@6c; Rape,
21i2\c: Hemp 3c; Timothy. s'<.c.
DRIED— PEAS— NiIes, $1 60@l 85; Green, $1 75
#2 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
There was no particular change in anything
yesterday.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 35^43c: River R°ds,
W@soc; River Bui-banks, 50<ftG0c per Back; Ore
gon Burbanks, Eo@B6c; Petaluma Burbanks, 50
B60c: Sweet Potatoes, 75c@$l for Merced; new
Potatoes. m<Ti2M>c per lb.
OXlOXS— Choice, ?2 35#2 65; common, $170®
2 25 per ctl: cut Onions, 50<gSl 20 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 951 boxes As
paragus, 385 boxes Rhubarb anil 380 sks Peas.
Asparagus, $2 for fancy, $1 2601 75 per box
for No. 1, 75c'c?$l for No. 2: Rhubarb, 40cfi$l
per box; Alameda Green Peas, 2(g'-rsc per box
lb: Dried Peppers. ?>filc per lb; Dried Okra.
12Hc; Cabbage, 65® 75c per ctl; Carrots. 25Q6QG
per Back; Garlic, SQS'-sc per lt>; Cucumbers,
60c@$l per dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25
lbs; sliced desi/'catpil, lCglSc: granulated raw,
13c; Onions. 60^; Carrots, old, 13c; new, ISc;
Cabbnse. 30o; Sweet Potatoes. 30c: Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at $5 50 for Ducks.
Jo 50®6 for Hens, $8 for young Roosters, $4 50
for old do and $fi 50 for Fryers.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, lO'fllc for Gob
blers and 12(5 13c for Hens; dressed Turkeys,
12fi!5c per Ih; Geese, per pair, $1 2501 75; Gos
lings, $2 2503 75; Ducks, M'VfS for old and $7®
860 for young; Hens, %2?i 4; Roosters, young,
$7 r.OCaS 50; Roosters, old, $3 2"i<g4; Fryers. $6 f>o
@7; Broilers. J5 SOfff. 50 for large, J3@4 50 for
small; Pigeons, $1 7.v<72 25 per dozen for young
and $1 25® 1 50 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Fancy Creamery Butter 1b easy, but choles
dairy Is firm. There is no change In Eggs and
Cheese, though some dealers quote 10c for the
best Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— creameries, 18@19c; sec
onds. ICJ?I7%c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, ,160:180; second
grades, 14Q15c per lb.
Eastern Butter— lmitation creamery, 16<iI161Ac
ladle-packed, 15(iT16c per lh. '
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9@9&c; common
to good, 7%'ffS',^c; Cream Cheddar, ■■ lOi&iic-
Young America. 10(Sllc; Western, 114112 -
Eastern, 12V4«/13 1 4c per lb. . * • '
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 14<ffl5c per dozen; store
Eggs. 13014 c; Eastern have passed out of first
hands.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The market Is glutted with Orange*.
Receipts of Strawberries were small and
came in late.
Prices tor everything remain about the
came.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries. $IWI 50 per drawer.
Apples, 4C5 50c per box for common, 75c7?5l
for good to choice and $1 25131 40 for fancy
CITRUS' FRl'lTS— Nave! Oranges. $i 2i®
2 25: Seedlings, 50c(fJ$l; Tangerines. 35(5 1 4Oc for
small boxes; Lemons, 60675 c for common and
JIWI 75 for good to choice; Mexican Limes,
?4'?/4 B0; California Limes. In small boxes 400
E»Oc; Bananas, $1 25® 2 per bunch; Pineapples
$3iji4 per dozen. ,
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
The tone Is good, but the market is quiet as
a rule.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots', 3*i@
4»/ic for 40-50' s, 3>4@3»;c for 50-60' 2%@3Uc
for 60-70' 3, 2Vi@2 i )ic for 70-SO's, 15i@2%c for 80
90"s. l!i@l%c for 90-100's; Peaches, 3@sc; fancy,
5 1 i<tiGc; % peeled. 10@12%c; Apricots, 5®6%c for
Royals and 7<g'Bc for good to fancy Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, 6%@7c; sun-dried,
4@sc: Black Figs, In sacks, 2@2%c; Plums
4H<?*%c for pitted and l^l^c for unpltted;
bleached Plums, 5@5%c; Nectarines, 4@sc for
prime to fancy; Pears, 2%©4V6c for quarters
and 3@5%c for halves, according to color etc
RAlSlNS— l'iffSc for two-crown, 3o for three
crown, 3>£c for four-crown, 4%c for Seedless
Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and Sl@
1 10 for London layers; dried grapes, 2V4c
' Chestnuts are quotable at 8c per
lb; Walnuts, s@6c for hardshell and 6@7c for
aoftshell; Almonds, 2V4®3%c for hardshell, S@6c
forsoftshell and Taisc for paper-shell; Peanuts
4@5%c for Eastern and 4Vjc for California
Pecans. 6^@Sc; Filberts. 8%@10c: Brazil Nuts,
S(y9e per lb: Cocoanuts. $4 EOigS per 100
- HONEY— Comb, S(fJloc for bright . and B@7c
for lower grades; watPr-v.hlte • extracted, 4'^Q
sc; light amber extracted, 3%@4 l ie per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9%c per lb for
heavy. 9%c for light medium, 10-^c for light,
lie for extra light and 12%0 for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10>j@iic; Califor
nia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, $9 per bbl ; extra
Mess Beef. $10; Family Beef, $11@12; Salt Pork,
$5; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear. $1S; mess
$16; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c per lb.
LARD— tierces quoted at 5%c per lb
for compound and 7c for pure; pails, 7%c;
California tierces, 5%c per lb for compound
and 6^c for pure; half barrels, 6&c; 10-lb tins,
7%c: B-lb tins. Be.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@G%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-lb palls, 60 In a case, B%c;
S-lb palls, 20 In a case, B%c; B-lb pails, 12 In a
rase, BV4c; 10-lb palls, 6 In a case, B^c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case. 7%c: wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, 7%c: fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%c per lb. '
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c: medium, 9^9%c; light, 9c: Cow
hides. 9c; stags, 6c; salted Kip, 9^c; Calf, 10c;
dry Hides, 16®16V4c; culls and brands, 13@13iac;
dry Kip and Veal. 13>,i©14fcj,, dry Calf, 17Vj@
19Vie; culls, 16c; Goatskins, 30@37c each; Kids,
6<6'loe; Deerskins, good summer, 25<g30c per lb,
medium, 20c; winter. 10c; Sheepskins, shear
lings, 20@30c each: short wool, 40@70c each
medium, 70@90c; long wools, 90c@$l 30 each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3(??3Hc per lb; No.
2, MjBMOj refined, Be; Grease, 2'n2 1 rt c.
'WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquln, defective, 70
9c; Southern Mountain, 9@llr; free Northern,
li<s'l3c: Northern, defective. 9@llc per lb
HOPS— ISMS crop, 2<i?6c for poor to fair and
B@loc for good; 1897 crop, Il@l4c per lb.
SAN FBANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
There Is no further change to report.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 61*^70; second quality,
E>*!S6c; tßird quality, 4@sc per lb.
VEAL— Large, 6ig6%c; small, 7@"He per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9c; Ewes, Bft@9c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, 10c per It).
PORK — Live Hogs, 4c for large and 4Vic for
medium; stock Hogs, 2%@3c; dressed Hogs,
sVi&6>iiC.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentln, $5 30.
COAL— Wellington, $10 per ton; New Welling
ton, (10; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, {6 50; Coos Bay,
$.". 50; Wallsend, $7 50; Scotch, $10; Cumberland,
$10 in bulk and $11 50 In sacks; Pennsylvania
Anthracite Egg, $16: Cannel. $10 per ton: Rock
Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $a;
Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%0: Powdered, BVtc; Dry
Granulated, 5%c; Confection"— 1 A, s^ a c; Mag
nolia A. s>4c: Extra C, 5%c; Golden C, oc;
Candy Granulated, 6%c; California A, 5%c per
lb; half barrels. %c more than barrels, and
boxes %c more.
■' : RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, April 4.
Flour, qr ska ... 25.206 Wool, bales 136
Wheat, ctls 5,155 Hay, tons 4SB
Barley, ctls l,Bin Straw, tons 15
Corn, ctls 790 Eggs, doz 12.720
Cheese, ctls 12 Wine, gals 35.000
•Butter, ctls 25Si Leather, rolls ... 103
Rye, ctls 590iHides, no 322
Beans, sks S2. r > • Brandy. gaJs 40i>
Potatoes, sks ... I,o9o; Lime, bbls ...... 600
Bran, sks 1,948 Pelts, bdls 170
Middlings, sks .. Slfilßalslns, bxs .... coo
OREGON.
Wheat, ctls 5,440|0at5, ctls 6,730
Barley, ctls 5,010 1 Shorts, ska 375
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 400!
« ♦ «
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Firman A. Nippert to Virginia and August
Nippert and Lucy N. Dittman, lot on S line
of Pacific street, 137:6 W of Gough, W 34:4^
by S 137:6; $10.
Thomas G. and Sarah J. Taylor to Paul
Demaitinl. lot on W line of Octavia street,
27:6 S of Filbert, S 27:6 by W 100; $10. .
Joseph H. Burnett to Nellie Burnett, lot on
S line of Page street, 224:6 W of Webster, W
0:6 by S 137:6; gift.
Constance Roy to Robert Roy, lot on S line
of Sutter street, 112:6 W of Pierce, W 27:6
by S 137:6; gift.
Mary Dunne Taaffe to Joseph J. Dunne, lot
on W line of Broderlck street, 105 N of Clay,
N 2.' by W 106:2; $10.
Peter F. Dunne to same, same; $10.
Sadie M. Morgan to Maybelle E. Denervaud,
lot on NE corner of Bush and Lyon streets,
E 25 by N 100; $10.
James Desmond to James C. and Mary A.
Garbarino, lot on N line of Seventeenth street,
80 E of Capp, E 2o by N 100; $10.
Bridget Murphy to William Murphy, lot on I
W line of Mission street, SO N of Twentieth, i
N 25 by W 90; gift.
Seely B. Lyons to Bertie M. Lyons (wife),
lot on W line of Fair Oaks street, 122 S o£
Twenty-third, S 31 by W 117:6: gift.
John A. and Mary E. Doherty to James
Ryan, lot on W line of York street, 234 N of !
Twenty-fourth, N 26 by W 100; $10.
Mary Moore to Elizabeth J. Greer (wife of !
William J. Greer). lot on N line of Twenty- j
fourth street, 20u W of Caatro, W 40 by N 225; ;
$5.
Same to Josephine Moore, lot on N line of
Twenty-fourth street, 2K) W of Castro, W 40
by N 228; $5.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Marie T. Maison, lot on S line of Bush !
street, 137:6 W of Leavenworth, W 27:6 by S ;
137:6; $10.
James Young to John or John S. G. Young,
lot on E line of Wisconsin street, 588 S of
Napa, S 26 by E 100; $1.
John A. and Mary E. Doherty to James |
Ryan, lot on E line "of Tennessee street, 100 N I
of Sierra, N 2f, by E 100; $10.
E. D. and Theresa McSweeney to Mortimer
Fenton, lot on \V line of Eleventh avenue, 75:7 j
N Of L street, N 24:5, W 120, S 18:5k. E 120:3; !
$10.
Ottilia Mau to Hermann J. Sadler, lot on SW
Corner of Twenty-first avenue and M street, W
240 by S 600; also lot on SW corner of Thirty- j
fourth avenue and M street, W 240 by S 600 I
(quit-claim deed); $5.
Hermann J. and Minnie C. Sadler to Gustav '
Friederich, same (two descriptions); $10.
Edward C. Parker to Lillian M. Parker I
(wife), lot on E line of Thirty-eighth avenue, j
250 N of P street, N 25 by E 120; also lot on
W line of Twenty-ninth avenue, 175 S of X
street, S 25. by W 120 (quit-claim deed); $135.
Alameda County.
Pavings and Loan Society to James H. and
Ida Moon, lot on NE corner of Center and
West Fifteenth streets, N 64:9, E 110:2, S 54:9,
W 109:10 to beginning, being lota 1 and 2, block
582, A. Bagge Tract, Oakland; $1200.
M. F. Fooha to Anna I. Focha, lot on NE line
of East Eleventh street, 175 SE of Twenty
eighth avenue, SE 25 by NB 100, being lot 17,
block I, Knowles & Potter subdivision of Ken
nedy tract. East Oakland; gift.
George H. and Alta C. Studley to William M.
De Wolf, lot on N line of East Twentieth
street, 249.66 E of Twenty-fourth avenue, E S5
by N 150, block M, Fifty Associates' Tract,
East Oakland; $10.
William M. and Mary E. De Wolf to J. W.
Baker, same. East Oakland; $10.
Joseph H. and Elizabeth Wallace to Charles
Bruener, lot on E corner of Redwood avenue
and lands of James H. Wallace, said point be
ing distant 379.28 SW from point of intersection
of Redwood avenue with SW line of Tobler
street, thence SE 125, SW 47.88, NW 125, NE
47.58 to beginning, being lot 7 and SW 17. R8
feet of lot 8, Fruitvale Park Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Ernest Angel to M. S. Draper, lot on N line
of county road, Oakland to San Leandro 53.45
from NE corner where Bay avenue intersects
with paid county road, thence N 119 by E 25,
being lot 7. block A, Hemphlll Tract. Brook
lyn Township; $10.
Ernest J. and Denzll C. Preston and Geral
dine M. Chamberlain to Evelyn E. and Cath
erine R. Preston, lot on Nl corner of Central
avenue and Grand steert. E 50, N 150, E 100 N
67:6, W 150, S 207:6 to beglnlng, Alameda: $5.
James W. Holt to Mary E. Holt, lot on N
line of Bay avenue, 294 E of Paru, E 49 by N
150, being lot 20, block Q, Oak Park Tract, Ala
meda; gift.
Edward J. Holt to Carle D. Holt lot on W
line of Morton street, 300 S of Kings avenue,
S 50 by W 150, being lot 7, block 3, Fitch Tract,
Alameda; gift.
Mary Nielson (executrix estate of Herman
Nielson) to John Matson, lots 3, 12, 13 and 14
Nielson Tract. Map 1, Soto rancho, Eden
Township: $3081.
Charles H. and Ju la E. Walker to A. L.
Cjnningham, lot on W line of Grove street,
29:fi S of Nineteenth, S 30 by "VV 100, block 256,
subject to mortgage for $3250. Oakland: $4700.
Clement and Rosa Laws (by commissioner)
to T'nion Savings Bank, lot on W line of Chet
wood street, 200 S of Santa Rosa avenue, S 40
by W 132, being lot 11. block B Stanford Tract.
Oakland: $994.
Annie E. Draper to M. A. Sldwell, lot on NE
line of Noble street, ICS SK of Nintley avenue,
SE 50 by NE 10S. being lots SI and 82, Map of
subdivision lots 54.55, 65 to 6S, Kingsland Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. Mary A. Gaffney (owner) with Han
nah Bros, (contractors), architects Kenltzer &
Barth, alterations ar d additions to a two-story
frame building on N line of Sutter street 20'7U
W of Taylor, W 39:6 by N 69; $2333.
George J. Anderson (owner) with Petterson ;
I & Persson architect, V. D. Dv- j
I val. all work except painting for a two-story '■
I attic and basement frame building (flats), on !
S line of Oak street, 110 E of Lacuna, E 27 6
by S 120, W. A. 211: $3190.
Wells, Fargo & Co. (owners) with Wlnslow
Bros Co. (contractors), architects Plssis & i
Mrore, all ornamental. - rought and cast Iron
work, marble, glass, etc.. In door and window
frames of first story and basement, elevator
grilles, stairs, bronze railings, etc, six-story
attic and basement fireproof building on NE
line of Second street, IGO N from corner of Mis
sion and Second streets, NE 112 by SEl6O;$$2S,- :
000.
Equitable Gaslight Company (owners) with
Western Iron Works (contractors), engineer i
engineer of company, all work for two gas
holders and steel tanks on 50-vara, block 259
also known as N. B. <-k 2: $29,000.
Martin Gosselk, (owner) with Horstmeyer &
Co. (contractors), architect, H. Geilfuss, all
work for a three-story frame building with
brick foundation (two stores and two flats) on :
SE cornpr of Dolores and Eighteenth streets ;
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
A E Winshlp, Boston G Thomas, Chicago
Mr and Mrs C Wo..ey, Mrs G Thomas, Chgo
NY J B Peates, S Cruz
A P Miller. St Louis W A Blssell, Chicago
A G Robinson, Ky ' A E Rockey, Or
C W Farls, Stanford Mrs A E Rockey Or
J F Kllby, Ohio J C King, Chicago
J E Vahn, Ohio Mrs J Grant, Pa
0 ,1 Salisbury, Utah Mrs J Grant, Pa
N C Heel, Utah Mrs R G Brown, Bodle
G W Bartch. Utah G Dray, Chicago
P Wittenberg, L Ang H X McHarg, N T
M I Waybright, Colo , Mrs McHarg, N T
J M Allen & w, Mo H X McHarg Jr. NT
D J Coleman & w, 111 Miss Leavltt, Conn
1 W Van Worser, N V J W McLane N V
M H Foley, St Paul Mrs J W McLane, N T
X F Miller, Ariz B C Nichols, • Stanford
J Lenning. N V A L Chester, R I
J Bosch, Miss Mrs A L Chester, R I
Mrs J Bosch; ; Miss S B Koons, Pa ■ ■ •
W J Young, Australia H J Stephens, Denver
E H Hill &w. Mass W T Baker &w, N V
T Smith, lowa -■':■'. j Mary Baker & n. N V
J D Oppenheimer & w, I T J Baker, N T
Tex: Mrs T J Baker, N V
J Farraher, Yreka Miss R Baker, N V
D Mason & w, Cat Miss A Baker, N V ; '
S H Jenkins, NY G Gibson. Stanford
F W Stephenson,- NY FS S Smith, NY. -
D Baehrach, Chicago Mrs FS S Smith, N.Y
S Frost, Grand Rapids Miss Clark, Grass Val
H C Halthoff, Wis S Post by. Belvedere
G T Binns &w. N V G Kislenberg, Utah
A W Blnns, Boston ,
: GRAND HOTEL.
A B Frenzel, NY F R Ransom, Red Blft
J Landon, Colusa I Racco, Saeto
C M Mannon, Uklah .T Kensman &w, Ohio
G S Harkness, Cal Miss Hall, Ohio
IE Litte, Cal Miss F Hall, Ohio
3 S Hall, Sacto W R Btulei, Ohio
J E Cany Nevada City EM Mason, Boston
L S Calkin. Nev. City 0 P Keenman, Ohio
IT W H Shanahan, Cal WF Brown. Wash
0 Mulkey. Napa ■ Miss E Brown, Wash
T>. H - Crane, ' Stanford R Kennse & d, lowa
H J Curry, . Martinez I, P Bert, lowa
D.W Evans, ■■■ Eureka W M Turny, Cal
II H Grosman, Eureka J J Hebbron, Salinas
R J Calser, Los Ang ; T N Case. Gilroy
J Simpson, Los Ann - Miss M Harbaugh. | Cal
P D Jones & w, Menlo D D Whittreck, Sacto
E Mayhew, Chieo R T Jones. St Johns
OCA Hansen, Cal T L Coleman & w. Cal
? B Bendy. Cal F G McLean & w, Cal
H. R Bernard; Sacto L Wallace, Cal ■ ' ■. : ■' i- <
J H Biddle, San Jose W A Cooper, San Jose
J. B Wardle. Virginia A R Orr, Visalia
L Wilier & w, Chicago T.R Fancher, Merced
NEW WESTERN: HOTEL.
Mrs Cundall & d. Cal M J Thompson, Cal
G Graff, Santa Clara J Stern, Los Gatos .
J Smith, : Cal a • C A Briggs, Cal
M Davidson, Stockton Q Bungard, Willows
C Long, . Chicago M Crawford. Chicago
J Peterson. . Rio Vista C J O"Relley, Vallejo
R Foley, Rio Vista PC Howard, Missouri
M Johnson, Suisun R Green, El Paso ' :
E Powers, > Caltstoga F H . Stone, Stockton .
L Phillips, Sacto .; - D Jameson, Cal
J H Pill, Eureka
n {;-/; BALDWIN HOTEL. '
T E Keating, ; Plsnton H ' Estle, Los Angeles
J E ; Harper, ? Oakland L Kahn, Los Angeles
C V Wiggins, >Pa.■■ '■ Mrs Denner, - Cal . - -
G E Beatty. Pa " ■:'-'. G W Garth & w. Cal
OP Crose, L Angeles M < Jones, Chicago ':■'■
G- D " Allman. Oakland D 8 • Hlrshberg, ■ lone -
L M Strauss. : San Jose Mrs W M Lewis, Minn
■ ♦ »
Wooden shoes in France are produced
to the extent : of : about :■ 4,000,000 ,;/ pairs
yearly. : They are ; made in Alsace and
Barriers : by i machinery, ; and '■ in J Lozere
by i hand. v In \. the . last-named province
1700 persons are engaged in this manu
facture and ', the yearly product is more
than; half a million pairs. ? " - : .r': :
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and lieights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to Sao
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both place*.
APBIL-IS9B.
Tuesday, April 5.
5unri5e5............ : 5:47
Sun sets... «:&7
Moon Bets.:... 4:39 a.m.
g|Tn^| Feet |Tlme! Feet JTlmp! Feet !Tlmel Fee 4
Blvv! h w l wi n vri
i;
8
4:4.«
6:B]
6:1-
H W
0:12
(i:34
1:42
0.1
11:11*
12:12
1:10
L W
7:o*
8:0>i
' 9. -09 1
4.S
i 4:10
! 4:1
j 5:25
3:24
j 4:4*
1.7
lf:.V.i
11:34
fi:4B
7:41
s>:.M
5.4
65
it
11l
11
SG
a.ti
—05
-0.5
—0.4!
2.9
3.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day in the ortler of occurrence as to time. Th«
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Com* Survey charts, except
when a minus sign < — ) precedes fhe heieht
and th^n the number given If" subtractive from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of tl - lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
! DCS
Morgan City...
Samoa
Arcaia....
Coiumnia
North Forte.-..
Cleveland.:
Empire
Homer
Orizaba
Washtenaw... .
Alameda
Santa Koaa
Wteott
City Puebia.. .
Wellington
City of Para.. . .
Coos Bar
State or Cai
Pomona
Walla Wa11a....
I New York
Humboldt
Coos Bay
l'ortiana.
' Humooidt.....
j Seattle
Coos Bay..
Humboldt
| Mexico
Taeoma
I Sydney i
I Pan Dieeo I
j Humboldt... j
I Victoria anrt Puiret Sound '
Departure Bay i
j Panama
Newport i
Poruana
S»n Dlepo.. i
Victoria and Pinevt Sound I
Apr 5
Apr 6
Apr 6
Apr 5
Apr 5.
Apr «
Apr 6
ADr «
Apr «
Apr 0
Ape ii
Apr 7
i Apr 7
Apr :
I Apr 8
Apr 8
Apr 9
Apr 10
Apr 11
STEAMERS TO SAIL..
6TEA.MER. I DESTIXATIOVi
Sails.
I PtBR.
Arcata I Hook . I Apr li. 11l All [ Pier It
Omatilla . . i Vie A, Psrt Snd I Apr 6. 10 AH j Pier 9
Zealacdla.. ] Honolulu i Apr 6, 2pm Pier 7
Samoa. Humbolui .... Apr 7, 9am
Homer liumboldt Apr .•;. 10 .am Pier a
Columbia.. Portlaua...... Apr 8. 10 am ' Ptor 11
San Bins... i Panama....... Apr 8.12 M I'M SS
Nortn Fork Humboidt ... Apr 8, a Ai> Pier t
Cleveland.. Pu^et Sound. Apr I '
Sanui Rosa San Die?o... Apr ■■<. am Pier II
Weeott...... i Bum bid t Bay Apr ;<. 9 Ait Pter 1*
CltyPuebla \ Vie & Put Sna ; Apr 11. 10 am j Pier -•
Coos bay-.." j Newport ' Apr 11. it am I Pier 9
r:i 0n.. .. I Mexico Apr 12, I
Peru eii;nn<t.J:ipnn. Apr 12. 1 I'M PUSS I
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, TJ. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, April
4. IS9S.
The t.me ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the
120 th meridian, cr exactly S p. m.. Green
wich time. J. "- -fcMILLAN,
Assistant, in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, April 4.
Rtmr Sunol, Dettmers, 93 hours from Port
Gamble.
Schr Transit, Jorgenson, 17 days from Hono
lulu.
Schr Jennie Wand, Christensen, 22 days from
Kahului.
Stmr Samoa, Johnson, 27 hours fr_m Eu
reka.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, 22 hours frm
I Fort Bragg.
CLEARED.
Monday, April 4.
Ptmr Pomona, Debney, San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Ger bark Philip NelS' Niemann Hamburg;
C F Tlrichs.
Bktn Fremont, Bowes, codflshtng; Lynde &
; Hough Co.
Bktn S N Castle. Hubbard, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
• Mc«day, April 4.
! PtmrWhltesboro, Johnson.
| Stmr Mackinaw, i^ittlefleld. Tacoma.
I Stmr Geo Loomis. Bridgett, Ventura.
Pchr Reliance, Jensfn.
Schr Corinthtan. Korth.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 4. 10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, NW: velocity. 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Dominion loads lumber on the Sound for
Sydney, owners' account; Fort George, lum
ber at Chemainus for Sydney, 455; Fred B
Sander, lumber at Grays Harbor f T Guaymas;
George Curtis, sugar at Honolulu for New-
York; Highlands, lumber on the Sound for
Buenos Ayres, 565; Mistl— Hall, wheat at
Portland for Europe, 32s 6d.
SPOKEN.
Per Mistley Hall— March 31 In lat 60 66 N,
long 156 32 W, tug Fearless with ship Slntram
in tow, hence March 14, for Unalaska. Wished
tti be reported all well.
March 21' — 43 miles north of the equator, long
42 OS W, ship Jabez Howes, hence Dec 29, for
New York.
March 31— Lat 49 N. long 10 W. Br ship Fair
port, hence Nov 15, for Queenstown.
Mar eh 30— Lat 50 N long 1 W. Br ship Falk
landbank, frm Santa Rosalia, for Queenstown.
March 30— Lat 49 N. long 14 W. Br ship Jes
somene, hence Nov 15. for Queenstown.
March 30— Lat 49 N. long 14 W, Br ship Phil
omene. from Portland, for Queenstown.
March 23— Lat 44 > long 25 W, Br ship Af
ghanistan, hence Dec 2, for Liverpool.
MI SCELLANEOUS.
SANTA CRUZ, April 4— Captain Hall of the
stmr Coos Bay reports the derelict bark Helen
W. Almy one mile off Point Pedro with large
parts of hull scattered around.
The rantain of the stmr Madrono reports the
bark Helen W. Almy as having broken adrift
and drifted ashore on the south beach In
pieces.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Barbound April 4— Stmr Em
pire, for San Francisco.
COQUILLE RIVER — Sailed April 3— Schr
Confianza. for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELEP — Arrived April 4—
Nor stmr Peter .Tebsen. from Nanaimo.
ALBlON— ArrivedApril 4— Stmr Cleone, hnce
April 2.
Sailed April 4— Schr J G Wall, for San Fran-
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived April 3— Schr
Sndie, from San Pedro.
Sailed April 4— Schrs Jennie Thelln. Guide
and North Bend, fnr San Francisco: schr Mel
ancthon, for Port Harford.
EUREKA— Arrived April 3— Stms Homer and
Homer, hence April 2.
ASTORIA— SaiIed April 4— Br bark Lydgate,
SAN PEDRO— Sailed April 4— Sch Corona, for
Seattle; schr Prosper, for Portßlakeley.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VANCOTTVER— Arrived April 3— Br stmr Mi- r
owera, from Sydney.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed April I— Stmr City of
Para, for San Francisco.
BN.RRY— Arrived April I— Br ship Barfillan,
hence Sept 15. :
' CAPE TOWN— Arrived April I— Br ship An
i nesley.f rom Portland.
CARDlFF— Arrived April I— Br ship Inch- *
; cape Rock, hence Nov 4. -
DUNGENESS— Passeu April 2— Br ship Riv-
I erside, hence Nov 9, for Quenstown. - ■• .
! COLON— Sailed April 2— Stmr Finance, for
i New York.
i LlZAßD— Passed Anril 2— Br ship Klnress
shire, from Portland, for Queenstown.
GRAVESEND — Sailed April Ger ship
I Pampa, for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed April I— Br ship
! Lucipara, for San Francisco. .
COQUILLE RIVER— March 30— Schr
Lizzie Prien. hence March 17. :
COOS BAY— Sailed April 4— Stmr Arcata, for
Ban Francisco. ■■ •' ■■•■•■'■•
NEWPORT— April 4— Stmr Laguna,
FORT ROSS— Sailed April 4— Sch La Chilena,
I for San Francisco. '' ■
' YOKOHAMA— SaiIed April 2— Stmr City of
I Rio de Janeiro, for San Franicsco.
DOVER— Passed April 2— Br ship Montgom
shire, hence Nov 29 for i Queenstown; Br
ship Elginshire, from Portland, for Queens
i FALMOUTH— Arrived April 2— Br ship Bal-
I clutha, hence Nov 18: Ger ship Peru, from
Portland ;» Ger ship Chile, hence Dec 12: Br :
! ship Borrowdale. hence Dec 1; Br ship Glen
1 erlcht. from Seattle; Ger ship -Adolph, irom
j Astoria: Br ship Sierra Nevada, from Taeoma; \
I Br ship Toxeth. from Taeoma: -hark Marion >
Chilcott from Taeoma: Haw ship • Hawaiian
Isles, from Seattle: Ger bark Polymnla. from
Seattle: Br bark Invergarry, hence Nov. 21.
NANAIMO— Arived >~»-«i 4— Stmr Albion, fm
Copper River. ".,.«' L
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to April 2— Br
stmr Columbia, from Taeoma. . '
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived April I— Br ship
Bandaneira. from Portland. ■ ,- •'
- Off port. April 2— Br ship Duns — ■ from Port
land. -'■ _^___^___^__ -^___ - __ —
SWISS-AMERICAN BANK
Of Locarno. Switzerland, and
CALIFORNIA MORTGAGES, SAVINGS BANK,
52* Montgomery street, San Francisco.
Paid up capital and reserves $620,000
A General Savings and Commercial Banking
business transacted.
Interest paid on savings deposits.
Loans on approved real estate security and
on commercial paper.
DIRECTORS:
Ernst A. Denicke, A. Sbarboro, J. C. Rued,
E. Martinonl, F. C. Slebe. A. Tognazaini. H.
Brunner. McD. R. Venable. A. G. Wteland.
F. Kronenberg, Chas. Martin, C. Gehret, P.
Tognazziai, S. Grandl, G. Rottanzi.
1920
SCHUSSLER
NOW MOURNS
HIS LOSS
HowHeWas Imposed
Upon by a "Gas
Inspector."
The Chief Engineer of the
Water Company Clev
erly Robbed.
His Family Relieved of Their
Jewelry Almost Under
His Nose.
SEARCHING FORTHETHIEF
Awikanad by the Intruder, He
Politeiy Answers Hl»
Question
The "gas meter" burglar, as he is
known to the police, still continues to ply
his vocation.
His latest victim is Herman Schussler.
Chief engineer of the Spring Valley Water
Works, who lives at 1905 \an Ness aye- j
nue. Several days ago the clever crook |
visited his house, and meeting one of the
servants announced to her that he was
appointed by the Board of Supervisors to
examine the gas meters of the city.
Being well dressed and suave in manner,
the accommodating servant pointed out
the meter. During her temporary ab
e.-nee he proceeded to search the rooms,
securing considerable money and Jewelry.
Sir. Schussler was aaleep at the time, and j
as the daring crook attempted to open the ;
door of his room he suddenly awakened.
In response to his questions as to what
the visitor wanted, the daring crook
suavely informed him that he was em- '
ployed by tho Supervisors to examine the
ga.s meter.
"Go ahead." answered Schussler. "I
guess you will find it is all right."
The burglar, after apologizing for awak
ening him, went to another room and pur
loined several articles of jewelry. After
satisfying himself that he had not over
looked anything of value the burglar left
tho house, profusely thanking the servant
for what he termed his courteous treat
ment.
A short time aftf-r he had left Schuss-
Ii r discovered that the "gas inspector"
had got away with several hundred
dollars^ worth of Jewelry belonging to his
family. He at once reported the matter
t" Chief J.efs, who detailed Detectives
■ •'. Harper to arrest the culprit.
night a description of the stolen
rty was Bent to police headquarters.
The burglar is described as being about
w< 11 dressed and as gen
erally wearing a golf hat. The scheme \
U for him to visit a house and, meeting |
ervant, to inform her that he is em
; I by the <-it y to "do up" the gas
company, as he i xpresses it.
He is a fluent talker, and, having a !
good appearance, experiences little I
trouble in Ingratiating himself into tho j
confidence of the average servant. After
once gpininp an entrance to the house he I
proceeds to search the rooms, takinc only
money and Jewelry. It is estimated that
his booty during the past f. w weeks has
amounted to at least a thousand dollars.
Falls From a Second Story.
SALINAS. April 4.— While Frank Hill
man and CharUs R. Kay. employed on
the McDougall new building, were plac
ing a heavy beam into position on the
st-rond story Kay slipped and fell. Hill
man wu.s thrown, but f<'!l on a platform
cix feet below and received but slight In- i
I
DEATH'S FAIR YOUNG VICTIM,
MISS FRANCES FLORENCE ROSENSTIRN,
BERKELEY, April 4.— Miss Frances Florence Rosonstirn, a prominent mem
ber of the junior class at the State University, died on Saturday at the home of
her father, Dr. Julius Rosenstirn, 2G47 Bancroft way. Death was caused by
typhoid fever, which the young lady contracted about three weeks ago. For sev
eral days past she seemed to be recovering, but there came a relapse which
ended fatally.
The young lady was a native of San Francisco, and was IS years of age. Be
sides being well known among university people, she enjoyed a wide acquaint
ance In musical and social eireles In Berkeley. A sister. Miss Emily O. Rosen
stirn. who graduated from th" university at Christmas, and two younger broth
ers, Alfred and Brie, share the Brief of the parents.
Impure drinking water is believed to have brought about the fever which
cnus.-'i Ml 8« Rost nstirn's death. It was supposed by members of the family that
the drinking water at the university had caused the disease, but the college
authorities siate that the water a-t the university Is obtained from a separate
reservoir from that whence the town supply comes, and is much purer than the
t"\v?i BU] ply. They declare, moreover, that Miss Rosenstirn's sickness must have
ised by drinking watei from a private cistern from which the family
obtained p:nt >.f [v supply and which had not been cleaned for some time.
The news of Miss Rosenstlrn's death caused widespread regret at the uni
versity this morning. The university flap: was dropped to half-mast in the pres
ence of a group of classmates of the deceased student. President Kellogg im
mediati • a:i announcemeat of the sad death of the young lady, and
• ■ professors ;■■ cxc ise all students wishing to attend the funeral.
A commltt'-e "f t) • I '99, of which the deceased was a member, also met
; : : resolutions of regret and sympathy.
Thi funeral will take place from the family residence tq-morroy morning at
B:4'. o'clock. The father. Dr. Rosenstirn, will be unable to witness the last sad
rn«s. as be Is at prea Dl at Stuttgart, Germany, where he received by cable the
pawl of his daughter's death. The funeral services will bo strictly private.
juries. Kay fell to the basement, a dis
tance of twenty-two feet, landing on the
ground. He receiver severe internal In
juries, several cuts on the head, a broken
n<>f»e, a broken left ankle and concussion
of tlie brain. Should he recover he will
be crippled f>>r life.
Racing at the Bast.
NASHVILL.K. Term., April 4.— Raining
to-day; track heavy.
Two-yrar-oldß, four and one-half fur
lontfi"—Clarence B won, Grace DRrllngton
second. Deblaze third. Time, 0:5f1i4.
Six furlongs— Bl!gr> won. Aunt Bird sec
ond, John Boone third. Time, 1:17.
Seven furlongs— Tom Collins won, Brigh
ton second, Fervor third. Time, 1:30.
Two-year-old Allies, maidens, four
furlongs— Nancy Zoltz won. Tourist sec
ond, Miss Trlx third. Time, 0:52»4.
Three-year-olds and upward, one mil© —
Jim Flood won, Traveler second, I>ady
Doleful third. Time, I :47^i.
Six furlongs— Perclta won. May Russell
second, Cllftondule third. Time, l:l9Ms-
LITTI/K ROCK, April 4.— Light rain;
track slow.
Four furlongs, selling— O'Emma won,
Tobe second, Collie third. Time, 0:52.
Seven furlongs, selling— Eltholln won,
Tony Honing second, Dr. Coop third.
Time, 1:32.
Four furlongs— Katie Gibbons won.
Banished second, Blenheim third. Time,
0:61 Vi>.
Seven furlongs, selling— Lady Irene
won, Laureate second, ..loncreltb third.
Time, l:30<V 4 .
Four furlongs, selling— Onatavia won,
Eugenia S second. Warren D third. Time,
0:51 V*.
One mile, selling— Demosthenes won,
Berwell second, Mondlco third. Time,
1:48.
THE CODFISHJNG SCHOONER ARAGO.
Just before she started on her last unfortunate cruise the Arago was put on the California
Drydock and was given a thorough overhauling. The picture shows her being
breasted in toward the dock. The Arago was a favorite with the Lynde &
Hough Company and several times they refused good offers' for her. They con
sequently feel very badly over the report of her loss.
Murderer Hill Sentenced.
VENTURA. April 4.— Lee Hill, convict
ed of murder In the second degree, was
sentenced to-day to sixteen years' im
prisonment in San Quentin, the defend
ant's motion for a new trial being denied.
An appeal to the Supreme Court will be
made.
THESANTRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 5, 1898.
DISASTERS IN
ALASKAN SEAS
Three of the Crew of the
Codflshing Schooner
Arago Lost.
Got Drunk at a Wedding and
Tried to Return to Their
Ship In a Dory.
Now the Schooner Is Reported Lost
With the Remainder of
the Crow.
News of a tragrery and a probable dis
aster, in Alaskan waters, was made pub
lic yesterday. The tragedy was the
drowning, while leaving a wedding feast,
of three of the crew of the codfishlng
schooner Arago, and the other was the
probable loss, some weeks later, of the
vessel herself with all hands. The own
ers of the Arago have about given up all
hope. They say the only chance for the
srhooner's safety is that the captain de
layed the time of his departure in the
hope of making a catch of fish. When
last heard from the crew of the schooner
had not done well, and as they were all
on "a lay." the fishermen would not
want to come back empty handed.
The schooner Arago sailed from here
for I'nga Island on October 3 last with
the following crew:
"Gus" STtensland, captain; William
Smith, first mate; EL Marchussen, second
mate: A. Pahl, H. Hansen, Peter Paul
son, John Cord, G. R. Jones, O. Stevens,
Louis Ettel, Peter Jansen, A. Sorensen,
James Seymour, fishermen.
When last heard from the Arago and
the schooner Mary and Ida were in com
pany in Eagle Harbor, Nagai Island.
That was in the latter part of January,
and Captain Stensland pent word to the
owners of his vessel that he would leave
for home in a few weeks. The schooner
Winchester, which left after the Arago
is supposed to have sailed, arrived here
some time ago and sailed again March
24 on another eodiishlng cruise. There
fore both owners and outsiders think
there is very little hope for the Arago.
There- is a little romance mixed up with
the tragedy. Whin Captain "Bob" Carl
son left here on the Mary and Ida he was
supposed to find the schooner Winchester
and supply her with provisions. Instead
of looking for the Winchester, however,
he found a good looking half-breed
womiui at Eagle Harbor, and according
to the story which has reached here, fell
In love with and married her according
to Indian custom. In the meantime the
men on the Winchester were running
short of provisions and the captain de
cided to return to San Francisco. Sailors
and fishermen were all put on short al
lowance and when San Francisco was
reached there was only a small piece of
dried meat and fifty pounds of flour left
on the schooner to feed fourteen men.
It was after Carlson's wedding that the
disaster oe.curre<l. The Mary and Ida
was well provisioned and her skipper re
solved to give a big dinner in honor of
the event. The men on the Arago were
invited, but only Peter Paulson, G. R.
Jones and a third man whose name was
not ascertained, accepted. They had a
right royal time of it on the little cod
fisher, and as whisky was more plenti
ful than water it was not long before
everybody on board was more or less
under its influence.
When the party broke up two of the
Arago's men were Just able to get Into
their dory, but the third one was so
drunk he had to be lowered over the
side in a sline. That was the last seen
of Paulson, Jones and the unknown and
the dory. The chances are that the boat
capsized and the men were drowned, or
they may have drifted out to sea and
have frozen to death.
When the Winchester sailed a couple
of weeks ago Captain Kelton, late of the
barkentine Jane A. Falkinburg, went on
her as a passenger. He will relieve Cap
tain Carlson of the command of Uie Mary
and Ida and will bring that vessel back
to San Francisco.
Before returning, however, he, In com
pany with the Winchester, will make a
thorough search for the missing Arago.
ELECTRIC LIGHT
DYNAMO WRECKED.
Stick of Giant Powder Placed by a
Supposed Enemy of the
Proprietor.
REDDING, April 4.— The dynamo of the
Keswick Electric Light Works, owned
by Robert GUlespie, was blown up
to-day. During the absence of the
regular watchman some one tore a board
from the building, gained access to the
dynamo room and put a stick of giant
powder where it would do the most dam
age.
The explosion blew the armature to
Pieces and otherwise ruined the plant.
There Is no clew to the perpetrator and
no cause other than malicious si>ite or
fancied revenge can bo ascribed as the
motive.
■ Jilis. Plyier'a Trial.
SANTA CRUZ, April 4.— The trial of
Mrs. Minnie 11 Plyler for mayhem was
to-day set for April 13.
"IRISH NIGHT"
IN PARLIAMENT
Local Government Bill
Does Not Cause Old-
Time Excitement.
The Call's Correspondent for
Ireland Describes the Battle
of Party Leaders.
Davltt Declares John Redmond the
Friend and Ally of the Irish
Landlords.
BY J. J. CLANCY.
LONDON, Marc' 28.— The chief busi
ness of the present session of the Brit
ish Parliament was reached at last on
Monday night, when the Irish local
government bill came on for second
reading Jn the House of Commons.
Contrary to what might have been ex
pected, neither in the House itself nor
In the lobbies outside was there any
sign of overweening interest in the
event >io crowd of visitors was wait
ing to get seats in the galleries, and the
members' own seats were nearly half
deserted. As I contrasted this apparent
want of interest in the matter of essen
tially vital importance with the scenes
witnessed in the same place in those
memorable days in 1886 and 1893 on
which Mr. Gladstone introduced his
Home Rule bills, I could not help say
ing to myself, "What a change!" Then
members came to the House to make
sure of their seats, at 6 o'clock in the
morning, breakfasted atid dined there,
and never left until Mr. Gladstone had
spoken, while of visitors there was a
crowd not one-quarter of which ever
had a chance of getting beyond the
outer lobby. The change, of course, is
to be accounted for largely by the fact
that the reform now proposed in the
government of Ireland is a smaller one,
though in its scope not less far-reach
ing than the measure of Mr. Gladstone.
But there was another reason, also, for
the apparent indifference which
marked the appearance of the House
of Commons on Monday night. It is
that every one knew that there was to
be no fight.
Mr. Gerald Balfour, the Minister in
charge of the bill, knew this fact per
fectly well, and showed that he did by
making no introductory speech. He
moved the second reading by lifting his
hat, which he wore on this occasion for
the special purpose of discharging that
function in that precise way. The de
bate which succeeded, nevertheless,
though comparatively lifeless, brought
out several of the leaders. of parties
and developed some interesting views.
Mr. Dillon and Mr. Davltt spoke for
the larger section of the anti-Parnell
ltea; Mr. T. M. Healy for the smaller;
Mr. John Redmond for the Parnellite
party; Colonel Saunderson and Mr.
Rentoul for the Irish Unionists; Mr.
John Morley for the British Liberals
and Mr. Balfour wound up the debate
on behalf of the Government. I need
not trouble my readers with any ex
planation of the line taken by each of
these speakers beyond saying that Mr.
Dillon and Mr. Davltt were hostile to
a great many parts of the bill, though
they would not vote against it; that
Mr. Redmond and Mr. Healy were
generally favorable to it; that Colonel
Saunderson accepted it unwillingly and
Mr. Rentoul gladly; that Mr. Morley
was evidently suffering from chagrin
at the success of the Unionist Govern
ment in formulating a measure of Irish
reform, and that Mr. Balfour pretty
plainly Indicated that he would not
yield to the demands of the Irish mi
nority for the mutilation and des\.-uc
tion of the bill. But one or two pas
sages of the debate were interesting
from one point of view or another, and
will bear a brief notice here.
The first bit of liveliness was intro
duced Into the debate by Mr. Redpiond.
whose speech, apparently worked up
Mr. Davitt into something like a fit of
temper. The member for Waterford,
who Is one of the best speakers in the
House of Commons and is always well
listened to, ventured ami 1 perfect
stillness to allude to Mr. Dillon's habit
of *ppeakine ajrnfltist a bill and then
voting for It." He went on apropos of
the proposed pecuniary relief to the
Irish lnnd.lorf"'" ,-,p the nrlofl of thei* ' •
ceplance of the bill, to declare that.
The fac-siaiile /H& S/&7^~ /* *"* *• on ever TFrapper
idfiaatnrelof -v.^ii^&J^vS^^^ of CASTOUIA.
r
though the Irish landlord system had
been Infamously bad*, the Irish people
did not desire to keep up a war againat
the present Irish landlords, and wouiu,
therefore, moke no objection to that
relief being given. Mr. Davitt could not
6taud all this, and toward the close of
the debate "let himself go." He de
scribed Mr. Redmond as the friend and
ally of the Irish landlords, and said that
he ought to sit among them, while he
declared that he himself would fight to
the bitter end against any pecuniary
advantage being given to that class In
connection with a measure of ' Irish
county government reform. It was
long since any such attack had been
made upon one Irish Nationalist mem
ber by another, but Mr. Redmond mere
ly smiled at It, and his friends had no
need to defend him, for, when Mr.
Davitt sat down up jumped Tim Healy
to make answer In his own caustic
style and amid generai laughter.
What would have followed if the de
bate had lasted much longer it is diffi
cult to say, for Mr. Redmond had one
or two of his friends at hand who much
desired to say something. As it was.
the hour for closing the debate for the
night had come, and there was an end
of the incident.
Another passage of the debate which
attracted much notice was the differ
ence of view developed between the
two exponents of Irish Unionist opin
ion. Colonel Saunderson represents the
landlord section of the Irish Unionists,
being himself a prominent Irish land
lord; Mr. Rentoul, on the other hand,
who is an Irishman practicing at the
English bar, may be said to represent
the Presbyterians of Ulster who, gener
ally speaking, are not landlords, but
tenants. Hitherto, those two sections
have been united in opposition to home
rule and their champions in Parliament
have used much the same arguments
on that subject. But on Monday night
a rather startling difference of opinion
showed itself between them on a vital
point. One of the main arguments
used by both in the past against giving
national self-government to Ireland
was that it would be used outside Ul
ster to persecute and oppress the "loyal
minority." While Colonel Saunderson
apparently holds this view still, Mr.
Rentoul took the occasion presented by
tills debate to renounce it. He con
tended that the minority were in no
danger whatever, and that all the talk
about the Catholic majority being their
"natural enemies" was all bosh. I saw
some Unionists seated round about the
London-Irish lawyer frankly stare at
this announcement coming from such a
source, and certainly Colonel Saunder
son, Mr. Carson and some other Irish ;
Unionists laughed outright. But every
one felt all the same that the heavy- j
going member for Dover had said a !
thing that was important and that
would not be forgotten In the future.
Nor will it be, for it is an acknowledg
ment coming from an authoritative
quarter which simply knocks the bot
tom out of the case against home rule.
After Mr. T. M. Healy had said his
say the debate on the second reading
of the Irish local government bill came
to a close. It was, on the whole, the
dullest Irish debate on an important
subject I have heard during the last
twelve or thirteen years; but the rea- ;
son for that circumstance I have al- i
ready explained. The inevitable had
come, and every one felt that there was
no use in resisting the decree of fate,
and, therefore, everything was quiet.
It was, in fact, more like a Scotch
fight in the House of Commons than an
Irish one. On a Scotch night twenty
nr thirty Scotch members have every
thing their own way. Those gentlemen
on such an occasion have the chamber
fill to themselves, and to an outsider
t is little wonder that they should be
allowed such a monopoly. They talk
on subjects that nobody else under
stands, and talk of them, into the bar
gain, in a tone so unexciting and in ac
cents so strange and unintelligible that
only their own countrymen could en
dure the infliction. No Irishmen, of j
course, could fall to so uninteresting a
level as the Scotch standard of business
excellence; but Monday night's per-
I formance — the first of its kind in my
experience — reminded one at least of
what the Scotch are capable and are,
indeed, in the habit of doing in the
British talking shop. The only consola
tion is that, while the Scotch are pretty
certain to continue to be what they
have been, the Irish are equally cer
tain to give the British portion of the
Parliament lively times before the
session is over.
NEVADA BARS
CATTLE HERDS
Governor Budd Appeals
in Vain to Governor
Sadler.
California Stock Will Not Be
Permitted to Cross
the Line.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CARSON, April 4.— The following: let
ter was received by Governor Sadler to
day:
To Governor Sadler: Sir— Governor
Budd has been informed that you have
protested to the Secretary of Agriculture
against granting 1 an order permitting the
shipment of California cattle into the |
State of Nevada, to lie fed or pastured.
claiming they were affected with splenetic
fever and would contaminate the cattle ;
in your State. Governor Budd Is con
vinced that the cattle whose owners are
now seeking to have them admitted into
the northern part of this State and into
Nevada and adjoining Territories are in
no wise afflicted with disease nor in any
wise liable to contaminate or infect other
herds with which they mingle. The pres
ent quarantine in California was ordered !
upon information that the disease existed .
in some parts of the State. Pending in
vestigation as to the exact localities, the j
line was placed very far north of the i
suspected districts to be sure to include i
all sections.
In view of the freedom of cattle now
seeking admission to your State from
disease whatever and considering the ex
traordinary conditions which now con
front stock breeders, by which destruc
tion of property is threatened through
starvation. Governor Hudd would be
pleased to have you withdraw the protest
if possible and consent to an order by the
Secretary of Agriculture permitting the
shipment of starving cattle into sections
of your State where they can be fed or
pastured. Very respectfully,
PETER J. SHIELDS,
Private Secretary.
The Governor replied he could not re
cede from his position and referred to
the following:
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 4. 1593.
Governor Sadler: This department will
issue no permits allowing infected cattle
to enter your State. Inspectors report the
districts free from infection south of the
recent California quarantine line. Per
mits may be granted from such unin
focted districts by inspectors, but only
after inspection and other inspections to
guard against infection. Assure your
cattlemen that they will be fully "pro
tected. JAMES WILSON,
Secretary of Agriculture.
Letters are pouring in from all parts
of the State asking the Governor to
stand by his original position. The ex-
I citement is intense in the smaller coun
| ties of the State. The Governor told a
j correspondent this evening that, no Cal
; ifornia cattle should cross the Navada
; line.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
[in TfiP V\nn(\\ke '
¥wi^o^sslik s& *^ Kionuiivc
iff^^i iWil-fe^^^*'^ is as necessary as a pickaxe.
£ ts&'WLi/^^ No miner should be without
/l^s^/H|j«r one. Unaffected by extreme cold or heat.
Jnf^^gg^ Send name and address on a postal card
t^^B^^^^S *" or 148-page illustrated catalogue. ilt
SMiJ/^ffl ' Winchester Repeating Arms Co., j
JSiK&/^*>l NEW HAVEN, CONN. J j
')^l vjC ; W/w 418 Market Street, San Francisco, Cat. •
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' |Jsv_^ Steamers leave Broadway
• KS^ Hlfck wharf, San Francisco:
■ i«§? Ffr Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
I (ft *$£$&& April 1. 6. I! 16. 21. 26, May 1.
iPRSJorI «S.| transfer at Seattle.
■ jg®S/^j«fl4! For Alaskan ports (from
I ■ |^iM«V|Brt Spear ftreet wharf), 10 a. m.,
April 8. IS. 23, May 3, transfer
™ at Portland, Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and
New Whatoom (Wash.), 10 a. m., April 1. 6,
11. 16. 21. 26.. May 1. anil every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Seattle with this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Hy., at
Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver with
C.P. Hy.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a, ■ m..
April 2. 8. 14. 20> 26, May 2, and every sixth
day then-after. ■
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San . Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. April 3, 7, 11. 15. 19, 23, 27,
May 1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Pdrt Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m., April 1, 5. 9, 13, 17. 21. 25, 23, May 3, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Majrdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., April 12.
and "ill of each month thereafter. .
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE New Montgomery street
(Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market street. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARC 12 First Class Including Berth
IHIIL $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Apr. 3. 13. 23, May 3
Columbia .Apr. 8. IS. 28. May 8
Through. Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market St.
GOOD PERKINS & CO..
;wV''. : ;. Superintendents.
fmtm m Asia s. s. zealandia;
ifeflnSL fo '" HONOLULU only.
•C** a "*'° l Wednesday, April 6,
tt™^- —^ 2p. m. Special party
/->^>"^ I• A rates. . *
StMll^llin^ The alameda
G^lWlllblllp galls via Honolulu and
<nfTIR/IPU-» Auckland for Sydney
\Wi||(JUlvq Wednesday, April 20,
at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
■ J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.,
114 Montgomery street.
: Freight Office— 327 Market St., San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantic,
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier mew) 12 North
River, foot of Morton st. -Travelers <2jEOS
by this line avoid : both transit by ■»^ < *s**£s»
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class JIO'J,
second class Illfi. -
LA BRETAGNE April 9. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE April 1«
LA GASCOGNE April 23, 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE.... April 30, 10 a. m.
La BOURGOQNE ...May 7, lit a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Asrnnt. •
No. *. Bowling Green. New Tort
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye.. Fan Francisco. ..
DfRECT TO PARIS, LONDON, HAMBURG.
F. Bismarck. ...April 2SIA. Victoria May 28
Columbia .......May 12 F. Bismarck June 2
Normnnnia May 11 Columbia June 9
Ist Cabin $100 up, 2d Cabin $45 up, Steerage $30.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE,
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT. !
Pretoria .......April 16 Pennsylvania.. .May 14
Patria April 2:;: Pa la la .......>.May 21
Phoenicia ■ M.iv 7 Pretoria ; May 23
Ist Cabin . $75 up. . 2d Cabin $40, Steerage $26.
Hamburg-American Line. 37 Croadvray, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO.. General, Agents Pacific Coast.
401 California St., cor. Sansome.San Francisco.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St., at 0
p. m. daily.
FREIGHT RECEIVED UP TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and giv-
ing through freight rated to all pjiats on in*
Valley Railroad. '
STEAMERS:
T. C. WALKER. . CITY OF STOCKTON.
MARY GARRATT, J. P. PETERS,
Telephone Main SO5. Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer '"Monticello"
Hon., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and 5at........
0:4" a. m., 3:15 p. m. (S:3O p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays ....1 P. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier 2.
Telejhono. Red 1241.
FOR SAN JOSE. LOS 6ATOS and SANTA CFU2
Steamer Alviso leaves Pier 1 daii'y (Sundays
1 excepted) at ■10 a, m. ; Alviso dally (Saturdays
! excepted) at 5 p. m. . Freight, and Passengers.
Fare between San - Francisco and Alviso. 50c:
to San Jose, 73c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 Nona
; First street. San Jose.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
: IH^lPP^ii' CALIFORNIA
IlilH LIMITED.
pP^ffe^f SAN FRANCISCO
|||g£gSSa£ggg|j ■ : CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge. '
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
• Pullman Palace Drawinß-Rcom Sleepers.
3% days to Chicago. 4,* days .to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves. daily nt -4:30 p. m.. carrying Pullman
Palace and -Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast time. • Direct Conner* n in Chicago and
; Kansas City for all. Eastern points.
Trains arrive -and ; depart from Market-street
, Ferry. .San Francisco ticket. office. 6,l. Market
street, Chronicle: building. Telephone Main
1520. Oakland : office. HIS Broadway. - Sacra-
mento office. 201 J street. Sai Jose. 7 West
Santa Clara . street. ■'-.- • I ■'.
-NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
From San Francisco, ' Commeuclns September
■,■/:■■ ■';•- 1837. . v ,
WEKK DAYS. .
For Mill Valley and San ltafael— lit*. *>.».
11:30 a. m.; *1:46. 8:45, 'S^o. 6:00. 6:30 p. m.
Extra . trips -j for... San- ltafael on Monday*.
-»• Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. in.
:"■■■:■. SUNDAYS, i ■■ , . -■■..-:.:
For Mill .Valley and San Rafael— ♦B:oo. .•id.Otb
. •11:30 a. in.; *1:15. 3:00. *4:30, 6:15 p. m. .
Trains marked "* run to San Quentln.
• '-y .-,.■ THROUGH, TRAINS. ... ■:•'■■■
1.55 a. m. week days ror.Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) tot
Duncan Mills and way stations; 8:00 a. m.
Sunday a (or Point K«yea and way atationa. .
BAXLSOAD TBAVEL.
■01-TIIKR* PACIFIC COJirASIT.
(PACIFIC BVKTEM.)
Trains I«ht« nml nre <ln« to nrri»» ••
SAN niANOWIO.
- (Main Line. Foot of Market Street) l - j
wave — Prom Januvry 1. 1898. — amuy;
~»6T00a Nilea, San Joso and Way Station*... ** : ** A
7:OO *. Her.icia, Sutsun nnd Sacramento. ... lOs*»A
7iOOa Marysvillo Orovilleaud Ueddiug via
Woodland »=■*?»
7:00.v Vaeaviilo and Huu.sey » :4u '
7iUOa Martinez, ban Itamon.Vallejo. Napa,
Calistcga and Santa Ilosa S1!S 1 !-
SiOOa Atlantic lixi)res3, Ogclen and East.. *:*&*
»»It1»A Nile*. San .lose. Stockton,- Tone,
Sacramento, M«ryBville, Chioo,
Tchaxna aud r:< l lirnfl 4il3p
•!»:3Oa Peters, Milton and Oakdale »*iSBp
9iO«»a New Orleans Kxpreea; Merced, Rajr-
mood, i'resuo, liakerslield. Santa • : «
Unrliura, l.:>» Angeles, Iteming.
El l'aso. New Orleans and Kaßt. •*•»»
»:OOa Valleß Martiner, Merced and
Fre5n0......... 18:13p
•IrOOrS-icrnmentoltiverStoaineni «J»:«Op
1 :«Or Niks. San Joso and V.'ay Stations. . J» : » oa
liSOp Martinez and Way Stations 7x43p
2:00p Livcrmore, Alecduta, Hanford and
Vi3alia ««107
....... LiTcrr.:cirp, San Jose, Niles and way
Stations. ., JlOil»\
4t««»i> Mhitiiiei, ■ Sun lUnion, Vallejo.
Napa, Calistoga, Xl Venuio aud
H;ti!r:i ltosa »ll»A
4i«o>p BcnteU, Vacavllle, Woodland,
Kni;hts landing, MarjrsTflle, Oro-
- -^ .Grille an.l ffaeauiiento !•:#■*
litOr Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7ils*
4>3op Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
T'reauo, Mcjave (for Kandaburg),
Santa liarbara and Jam Augoles.. 7»40a
4:HOr Santa We Bcoto, Atlantic Kxpress
for Mojat o an.l ICost «:43*
«S;s:3op " Suaees Limited." Los Angeles, El
Paso. Fort Worth, Little liock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East .......... JIOjIBa.
Vsi3vp " Sonset Limited Annex," El Paso.
New Orleans and East JIOiIBa
•IOOp European Mail, Ogiten and >.... 0:45 a
OiOOi- Iluynanl*, Nii.»»u.l Han .lose 7:45 a
}MiOOf Vallejii. .....i.... t7i43»
*:(»(>•■ Ori-K<Mi i'.xi>r<'S«,Hucrainento. Marys-
ville. llu<lili>ig, I'ortland, Piiß-t
Siiiiml mi.'. Unit »iI»A
sa.n liliA.\l»K(> AM) HA YIYAItOS local.
(Foot of Market Street.) .-
<»O:OOa") ( 7:1 3 a
S:0«a Xelrose, Seminary Park, 1«9:45a
ls!Sot Fitclibur ,ElmlmMt, JVlts*
t!l:OOA San Leandro, South San 12: **
t18 . : °.?. ! lc«dro,E B Udill., # \%
<»:V>'o'p Lorenie, Cherri. i 14:4&p
4:00p ' t«:43p
B:0Op »nd ; 6:1
s::top naynardi. | l**3r
7:00p 1 B:4^t
S:OOp { Ihsos through to Nile*. \ *% : i?. r
»:OOp ; From Niles IO:."5Op
ttll:lsP>< 'Torn Miles. j MIg:OOl-
COAST DIVISION (Jinrror/ Gauge).
(Foot ot Market Street.)
»«iI»A Newiiik,('eiilerviil,-,N.iii.luße.Felton,
Uouldcr Creek, Ssnta Cruz and Way
Stations.. BlS3*
•8«18p Newark, Ceuterrille, Ban Jose, New
Altnaden, Felton, llonlder Creek.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations....... •l*)iS*«r
4il(tr Newark. Shu .lose and Loo Gate* ... 9:80 a
f11:43p Hunters' Excursion. San Joso and
Way Stations fTiaOv
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIN m.NCISW— Foot of Market Street (Slip —
•7:16 0:00 11:00 a.m. 21:00 •2:00 t3:0B
•1:00 $5:00 »6:oOp.ii.
PrtmOilUSD— foot of Breadway.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00 i. K.
t!2:00 '1:00 tS:OO «3:03 U:CO *S:SOf.IU
"" COAST lIIVISION (Uroad <iaugc). "
(TUlrd ai-.d Towngend Sts.) •-
6«53 a Han Joso ati<l Way .SUUOIIB (New
" ■ Aluiailen Wednesdays 0n1y). ...... 6iO3a
•:«Oa Hn!i Joso, Tiui linos. Siinta Cruz,
Paclllo (Jrore. Paso llobles, San
Luis Oliißpci, Guadalupe, Surf and
WBKfL Pihicipul Way Stations 4:13p
lOiIOa Sail Jose mid Way Stations *6:00 a
Sl:3Oa San Jnso and Way Stations ....... 8:33 a.
"izllup San .^.iat-.-o, Redwood, Meulo Park;
Santa Clara, (San Jose, Gilroy,
UoUUter. Santa Ci-nr., Salinas,
Monterey and Pacific drove *I0:40a
•8:1Bp San .lose and Principal Way Stations *0:OOa
•4:15r San Jose and Principal Way Station? 9:43 a
•5:00p San Jose and Principal Way Station! 1 :30f
3:3oi> San Jose and Principal Way Stations 3:30p
6: SOp San Jose and Way Stations ?:20p
111:151. San JoeaandWay -Stations 7;aUF
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•Sundays J Sundays only, t Saturdays oclf,
i' Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights ooljf.
5 Mondays and Thursdays.
I Wednesdays and Saturdays. . _
SAN FHANCISCU and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tibttron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: am.
S:*o. 6:10, 6:20 p. m. Thursday*— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturday*— trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m. . .
SUNDAYS- »:*>. U:M «. m.; V.U. it*.
Si-, 6:20 p. m. . •
SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.|
12:45, 3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturday*— trip*
at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m. ,
SUNDAYS— 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; Ui*. 1:44.
E:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and . Scbuetzen Park
tame schedule as above.
Leave in rfTnot Arrive
Fan Francisco. pet 21, ?an Francls< »-
Week I : Sun- Ttooilnl'ti™ Sun- i Wee's
Days. I days. Pes^natlon I day!^ | day 9.
7:80 a.m. 8:00 a.m.) 'Norato, 10:40 a.m. ' 8:40 a.m.
B:Sop.m. 9:30 a.m. 'Petaluma. I 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
:10p.m. !i:UUp.in. Santa Rosa. I 7:35 p.m. B:2ip.m.
Fulton, •
7 20a.m. - Windsor, 10 :25 a. tn.
HealUaburg,
Lytton.
I Geyeeryllle,
7:30 D.m. B:on».ni. i Cloverdala 7:SRn.m. 8:23 p.m.
1 lUoplanii ana I
7 :30a.m. 1 8 -00a.m. 1 Uklah. | 7:Ssp.m. fi:33p.m.
7:30 a.m.) ~ '■ 1 '• f 10:25 a.m.
S :ooa.m. j Guernevlll©. 7:Ssp.m- i
> :80p.m. . I I 6:22 p.m.
'. :Jua.m. o:UUa.m. Sonoma 10:40a.m. 1 b:4Ua.m.
; and
6:10 p.m. ft :oop.m. Glen Ellen. . 6:10 p.m. I 6:22 p.m.
7 :30a.m.18:00a.m. 1 sebas'tcpoL ■ !W:joa.in . [10:25 a.m.
B:3op.m.i&:oop.m.r !?eDaa 01 - I 7:30p.m.| 7:22 p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Watt
prints; at ' Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale, for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland. Springs. Kelseyytlle. Soda Bay.
Lakeport and Bartlett. Springs: at Lklah tor
Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes.
Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake, Porno. Potter
Valley John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's, Buck*
rell'B Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Boonvlll*.
Orrs' Hot Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort
BrarK Westport. Usal. .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at i*.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond ■ San Rafael at half rates. '
Ticket Offices— Market street. Chroaiela
11 AI<SFOSTER.A 1<5 FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Managitr. Gen. Pass. Agi.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From ' September . 10. 1897. trains will run as
fellows: . :_. -
.". Southbound. j North bound • ■■,
Passed- ' Mixed o, at ir>n« ! Mixntl Pas^e*^
per Sunday Stations. Slln(Usr > per*
Dally Exc'ptd [ — — E.xc'p'U Dally.
7:20 a.m. : !):00 a.m. Stockton R:45 p.m. ' 5:40 p-m.
*:10 a.m. 12:5U p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. ;■,;..! p.m.
3D M a.m. 3:60 p.m. Fresno J. 30 a.m. 2:' JO p.nx
11 .40 a.m. , 5:20 p.m. Hanfori .:45 a.m. .■ 1 :15 p.ia
12:15 p.m. . t>:4s p.m. Vlsalta 6:10 a.m. 13:40 p. m
Slopping at intermediate points wnen require!
j. ; i_.!.iic(.iions- At faiocKtun with steamboata of
C. N. & I. Co.. leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 6 p. , m daily: -at Merced , with
ctages to and from Snellings. Coultervllle. T etc ;
alto with stare for Hornltoa, Martpoaa. etc.i
at Lankerablm with stage to and from Uadara>
: MOUNT TAKALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
. .(Via Sausallto. Ferry).
j - Leave ■■ San ■ Francisco, commencing Novem-
ber 13. 1537: .
,Week:Days— 9:3A a. m., 1:45 p. m.
>' Sundays— 10:00," 11:30 a..m.v 1:15 p. m.
- : Round . trip from Mill Valley. $1. - ......
THOn. COOK & SON. Agent*. 831 : Markal
street, i San Francisco. ««»•■