VOLUME LXXXIII.— XO. 60,
PUNISH
PIRATES
OF NEWS
New York Herald to Sue
the San Francisco
Chronicle.
Will See Whether the Copyright
Laws Protect the News Ser
vice of a Great Paper
in America.
NE"W YORK, Jan. 2S.— Under the caption, "To Test the Law of.
Newspaper Copj-right," the Herald will print the following editorial
to-morrow:
"In order to test the question whether the copyright law really af
fords to duly copyrighted news in a daily Journal the legal protection
against piracy which It is generally supr^sed to give, the Herald has
directed suit to be brought in the United States Court in California
against the San Francisco Chronicle for its unlicensed appropriation of
our Epecial cable dispatches.
"In defiance of our protests, that paper has persisted in purloin
ing the Heralds exclusive news bodily as soon as it issued from the
press for publication the same morning In its own columns, a proceeding
rendered practicable by the difference of three hours in time between
New York and San Francisco. As all our dispatches are regularly copy
righted, their piratical appropriation is simply theft of important news
which the Herald has obtained exclusively at great cost and by keen
enterprise. The Herai^. now proposes to ascertain whether the law af
fords any redress for larceny of this species of valuable property, and
it does this In the interest of honest Journalism, as well as for the pro
tection of its own rights.
"The suit is in the hands of able counsel and will be pressed with
determination."
NEW YORK. Jan. 28— For the
past three months the San Fran
cisco Chronicle has been guilty of
appropriating the copyrighted cable
dispatches of the New York Herald,
and will now have to answer for its
pilfering .In the fourts. As announced
In the foregoing editorial,- the H*-ra'd
Is about to institute proceecflngs In the
United States Court at San Francisco
to restrain the Chronicle from continu
ing its practice. As the evidence in the
case Is both overwhelming and conclu
sive, there is no- doubt that the action
will be brought to a successful term!
nation.
The superiority over all oth^r New
York papers of the foreign service and
also the general news dispatches of the
Herald is well established. The ex
cellence and accuracy of the Herald
news have contributed to make It the
foremost newspaper of Greater New
York, and it is being continually
strengthened by its energetic editors.
Some ten years ago the Herald fur
nished the San Francisco Examiner
with its special cablegrams and other
dispatches..
The latter service was not satisfac
tory to Mr. Bennett, and an arrange
ment was made with the Pan Francisco
Chronicle, by which the latter was to
rpcpjve the Herald service in return
for the news of the coast. Mr. Hearst's
paper was cut off from its great East
ern connection, and as a consequence
there was much gnashing and grinding
of t^eth in the office of that publica
tion over the loss of so excellent a spe
cial news report.
The continuity of the Herald's serv
ice to the Chrrrnicle remained unbroken
until the latter part of last year, when
Mr. John D. Sprwkr-ls became the pro
prietor of the San Francisco ('all. The
enterprise shown by the new manage
ment of the paper attracted not alone
the attention of San Francisco and the
people of the coast, but it penetrated
to the East. The Herald is always ex
peditious In making the most desirable
arrangements for the improvement of
its news service In all directions, and
negotiations were at once opened with
The Call with a view to an immediate
affiliation. The negotiations were com
pleted In November last. The service
to the Chronicle was discontinued, and
The Call was given exclusive right to
It for San Francisco. Although The
Call made editorial announcement that
It had commenced to receive the Her
ald's unexcelled cable dispatches from
Paris, London, Berlin, Madrid and
other European capitals, and also in
its complete Cuban and South Central
American news reports, the Chroni
cle continued to print the Herald's
news. It evidently disliked the idea of
depriving its readers of something to
which they had been long accustomed.
In this connection it might be inter
esting to state that Mr. de Young,
when in New York several months ago,
was heard to remark something to this
effect: "It is not necessary for me to
pay for the Herald's news, or that of
any other paper in New York. My man
here can clip the news when the pa
pers appear, and as we have three
hours in our favor it can be sent to
the chronicle in time for publication."
Seeking to protect The Call in its ex
clusive right to the service, the Herald
requested the proprietor of the Chron
icle to desist from the use of the copy
right dispatches. No notice was taken
of this request, however, and the
Chronicle continued its practice { boldly
reproducing any cable dispatches of
importance appearing in the Herald.
Mr. Bennett thereupon served for
mal notice upon Mr. de Young that the
Herald news was copyrighted and that
the Chronicle must cease using It. This
notice, like the Herald's request, was
also ignored. And now Mr. Bennett
The San Francisco Call
has placed the matter In the hands of
his attorneys, with instructions to
bring a suit against the Chroni<i» to
prevent It stealing news which is gath
ered and transmitted to the Herald at
great expense.
POWELL'S ACTS IN HAYTI
REGARDED AS MEDDLESOME.
While No Complaint Has Been Made to the
State Department It Is Said That the
Minister Has Been Duly Cautioned.
NEW YORK, Jan. 2*.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs: It
was learned at the State Depart nu-nt to
day that the course pursued by Minister
Powell in Port au Prince, Hayti, in the
I^ueders Incident was not so satisfactory
tv the authorities as was believed. Thero
has been rrn action looking to thn recall
of Minister Powell, but Mr. Powell. I was
told to-oay, had gone farther in the
Loaders Incident than the department de
sired, and. while no official censure has
been administered, he has been given to
understand that he must be more careful.
It was through the earnest insistence of
Mr. Powell that Lueders, the German
subect, was released by the Haytian Gov
ernment and placed on board a vessel
and sent to New York. WhiU- tho Ger
man Minister at Port au Prince was
satisfied with what Mr. Powell had don*>,
be regarded his action as somewhat med
dlesome. The mater, however, has not
been officially called to the attention of
the State Department by the German au
thorities.
NEWS OF THE DAY.
Weather forecast for Ran Fran
cisco and vicinity: Cloudy and un
settled weather Saturday; probably
showers in .-the afternoon; westerly,
changing to southeasterly, winds.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco 82 degrees
Portland ....44 degrees
Ijos Angeles 54 degrees
PSan Diego &6 degrees
FIRST PAGE
To Punish News Pirates.
Los Angeles "Water Fight.
Loss of the Steamer Corona.
SECOND PAGE.
Were- Dying In the Desert.
To Defend America Cup.
ArangurenWa. Warned.
Germans Murdered by Chines*.
THIRD PAGE.
Fratricide Clark Is Held.
Frenchmen Slain by Pirates.
FOURTH PAGE.
Ohio Bribery Scandal. - .
Christen Kentucky With Water.
Flames Fill a Tunnel.
A Leader of Desperadoes.
Knapp Is Up for Trial.
.FIFTH PAGE.
Teller Resolution Passes Senate.
The San Joaquin Is Low.
A Railroad to Klondike.
The Jubilee at the Presidio.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
Wisdom for the Unwashed.
Fixing the Blame.
Democratic Secrets Revealed
The Federal Building.
The President's Speech. ■;" *
No Division of the State.
Stories From the Corridors.
Answers to Correspondents.
SEVENTH PAGE.
A City.Hall "Sinking Fund."
Looked an Elopement.
News Along the Water Front.
. EIGHTH PAGE.
What the Sports Are Doing.
NIXTH PAGE.
Democrats to Meet To-day.
Swlftwater Bill Is Fickle.
A Yosemlte Valley Muddle.
Still More of Welburn.
The Fastest Vessel on the Coast.
TENTH PAGE.
The Commercial World.
ELEVENTH PAGE. . . .
News From Across the Bay.
TWELFTH PAGE.
Racing at Ingleßide. J
THIRTEENTH PAGE.
Births, Marriages and Deaths.
FOURTEENTH PAGE.
Oakland Water Companies Pooling.
Bay Pirates Rob a Tug. •>'.
SAX FRAXCISCO, BATUBDAY, JANUARY 29, 1898.
THE FOILED
PLOT TO LOOT
LOS ANGELES
LOS ANGELES
COUNCILMEN
MUST ACT
Citizens Are Weary of
Their Repeated
Delays.
Want Consideration of the
Water Question
Expedited.
Public Sentiment Will Be Ex
pressed at To- Night's
Mass- Meeting.
HAZARD WILL PRESIDE.
Syndicated Press Gives No Notice o
the Important Gathering of
the Masses.
Special Dlipatch to Th« Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 2<v— The meet
ing which has been called to convene
at Music Hall to-morrow evening will
be one of the greatest successes that
have characterized the popular agita
tion in connection with municipal con
trol,operation and ownership of a water
plant. This afternoon a committee
waited upon Hon. Henry T. Plazard.
and requested him to preside. Mr.
Hazard accepted, and will be the
chairman of the evening.
It is fit and proper that Mr. Hazard
should thus officiate, for no citizen has
the confldem c <^f Bb ,v- pl€ to a de
gree greater than has Henry T. Haz
ard. Twice within recent years the
people have elected him Mayor of the
city after he had been nominated by a
Republican convention. During both
terms as Mayor Mr. Hazard gave the
water company the hardest fight it ever
had in its efforts to encroach upon the
rights of the people. He has had expe
rience with the corporation, and he
knowa how to deal with it. The peo
ple know that he protected their rights
once against the grab-it-all policy of
the water monopoly, and the fact that
he has again enlisted la the tight in
their behalf will be pleasant intelli
gence to hundreds of overburdened rate
payers who are pouring their hard
earned dollars into the coffers of the
water company.
Despite the fact that the mass meet
ing was announced yesterday after
nmn, thr> water company's syndicated
three dailies have as yet utterly failed
to give it any kind of mention. The
combined dailies realize that this meet
ing will carry with it the voice of the
people on the water question, and for
that reason they will endeavor in ev
ery way possible to discredit It.
Among other things, it is pmpused to
fVrrm a permanent organization from
this mass meeting, to take the fight of
the people in hand and wage it to a
successful conclusion. The plan is to
designate a committee of public safety,
comprising one member from e;u h
ward and three members at lar^e. This
committee will be the representatives
of the people, and will see to It that
the public servants elected to the city
Council and to other positions in the
City Hall, where they have executive
authority, are faithful to the interests
they are sworn and pledged to protect.
It has arrived at that point where it
is not only necessary for the Council
men, the City Attorney and others to
say that they are with the people In
the water fight, but it is essential that
before the people believe them they
must prove that they are by official
acts and deeds. Windy pledges to pro
tect the people right up to the time a
vote is taken in the Council, and then
casting a vote for the water company
policy of delay and Inactivity are going
to count for nothing in the future. The
people are unanimously of the opinion
that it is high time t. move in these
water negotiations. They are shut off
from the local daily press, and they
propose now to meet in mass conven
tion and express their views of the
people who are holding this matter
back in the City Council.
It is these conditions and circum
stances which not only insure the suc
cess of the mass meeting, but render
it imperative. The idea of appointing
a committee of public Mfety has met
with popular approval on all sides. It
is now a known fact that the syndi
cated dailies can safely be relied upon
to betray the people into the hands of
any monopoly that may come along
seeking a special privilege, and this
committee on public safety, if the plan
is carried out, will be ever on guard
to protect the rights of the citizens.
For the present the sole topic of dis
cussion is the mass meeting, and the
results that will flow therefrom. It is
believed that as an outcome of the ac
tion of the people taken to-morrow
night the City Council will be forced
to do something on Monday in the reg
ular and legal way toward procuring
arbitration as to the price of the water
company's betterments to the city's
plant or place the company In default.
If the company is placed In default
upon the contract, then the city can
proceed to build an entirely new plant,
so asserts competent legal authority.
On the other hand, If the company
agrees to arbitration It must at once
name its arbitrator and the city its
arbitrator.
The two will select a third and the
three will proceed to make an exami
nation of th'> plant ar.'l fix a price on
the betterments. This will consume
six weeks or two months.
Of course the city's arbitrator would
be guided by the city engineer's valua
tion of $1,190,000. But after the arbi
trated price Is reported it will take
three months to vote the bonds, and in
this interim the water company's con
tract with the city will have expired.
So the necessity for immediate action
is at hand and the people realize it;
hence the unquestioned success of the
mass-meeting to force the. Council to
expedite matters.
One member of the syndicated press
— the Evening Express — has been
brought to time by the Newsboys' Un
ion. This paper attempted to bulldoze
the newsboys and force them to pay 3
cents a copy, while the regular price
to all was 2 cents. The newsboys re
fused to pay the price and formed a
union. For two weeks the boys were
as a unit. They declined to sell the
Express, and not a paper was sold on
the street. The Express business man
ager advertised in all the papers for
men and boys to come and sell the
sheet, but not a man turned up. He
agreed to pay them SO cents a night for
two hours' work, no matter how many
papers they sold; but no man nor boy
would sell it. Finally the Express was
forced to treat for peace with the
Newsboys' Union, and the business
manager agreed to sell the boys the
paper for 1 cent a copy. The proffer
was accepted. In the battle with the
newsboys the Express came off second
best.
WEBB TO SUE FOR LIBEL.
Number of Actions to Be Brought Against
the Syndicated Press.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. —Within the
next week or two the editors and pro
prietors cf the syndicated Times-Her
ald-Express will be led a merry dance
in the courts of t).l[ county, by Walter
I* WeV,>, wlte v.a.» bo&i^iitjht' acquitted'
of nil charges brought against him and
prosecuted by the League for Better
City Government. It is a notorious
fact that these three papers have, with
out any foundation in fact, reason or
justice, declared without equivocation
that Webb was a boodler and every
thing: that is corrupt. This they did
during the entire proceedings against
Webb and when there was absolutely
no testimony that even tainted him
with the crimes charged, except the
testimony of two self-confessed bood
lers and perjurers.
Webb was acquitted after a trial in
th.- Superior Court <>f all the charges
that were brought against him, though
the <ose was prosecuted with all the
energy and persistence that could be
Inspired by private and political ani
mosity.
In the course of an interview to-day,
when asked what h« proposed to do
that the School Riard investiga
tion also had resulted in his acquittal,
he said:
"I have been waiting for time before
taking the initiative in proceedings In
regard to the many charges which have
been published and made against me
during the time that this Investigation
has been going on. It is unnecessary
for me now to restate the reasons why
I was picked out by the League for
Better City Government, and by others
for punishment and possibly destruc
tion. The Call has already clearly and
forcibly presented this side of the af
fair to the people of the city of Los An
geles.
A.l the very outset of this School
Board scandal th<> papers of Los An
geles—the Times, Herald and Kxpress
— began their attacks on me, and have
kept them up with but little intermis
sion ever since. They have accused
me of all manner and character of
crimes without one particle of evi
dence to sustain their charges, simply
promising from time to time what the
League for Better City Government
was going to bring out before the
Board of Education, and which time
has proved to b^ nothing but the testi
mony, unsupported, of two self-con
fessed perjurers.
"During all this time I have carefully
kept all the articles published against
me or !n my favor. I have these now
arranged, and Intend to use them and
compel the papers that published them
to prove the truth of the charges made.
I shall consult with my attorneys and
shall institute as many criminal pro
ceedings against thf» f-ditors and pro
prietors of these three papers as I am
advised can l>e sustained. They have
already advised me that criminal pro
ceedings can he sustained, in particular
against Mr. Sp.ilrUng. the manager of
the Herald, for the editorial which ap
peared in the Herald on January 21.
"I shall then bring in addition seve
ral civil lihel suits against the Times.
Herald and Express, and shall give
each and all of these papers an oppor
tunity in the Superior Courts of this
county to prove the truth of a single
one of the charges made against me.
but which I know they cannot do, for
I shall thor** prove as I did recently be
fore Judge Van Dyke and r jury in the
Superior Court in this county that I
have been guilty of no offense. . and
that not a single charge can be truth
fully laid at my door.
"The papers will find that it is one
thing to publicly charge a .nan with
the commission of an offense and an
other t. prove it. No paper und no
man claiming to be respectable and
acting in r. spirit of fairness and right
should ever cast a suspicion or make
charges against the honesty of any man
unless they have the facts at their com
mand to substantiate their charge and
prove their assertions. And unless the
Times, Herald and Express can prove
the correctness of their positions they
must of necessity write themselves
down as unrighteous blackmailers.
"These suits will be commenced from
Continued on Second Pace.
RAISE THE
ENGINEER'S
FIGURES
One of the Jobs to
Loot Los An
geles.
Is Exposed in an Affidavit
From Ernest Abs
Hagan.
The Water Company's Tools
Try to Drive Him Out
of Town.
A COMPLAISANT OFFICIAL.
It Seems He Thought He Should Do
What the Monopoly Wanted
Done.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 28.— The ex
pert civil engineer. Ernest Abs Hagen.
who made the estimate of the value
of the water company's Improvements
on the city's distributing plant, has
made an affidavit which lets in a great
light on the water company's methods.
Ever since Abs Hagen's estimate was
furnished to the Council the corpora
tion and those either directly or In
directly in its employ have not only
been seeking to discredit Abs Hagen
professionally, but they have been
endeavoring to drive him oat of the
city. A vefcy strong pressure was
brought to bear on Mr. Hagen when
he was making his figures to force him
to elevate them. He, upon his own re
sponsibility, declined to do so. but the
figures were raised, and the facts as
to, how that raise was obtained are
clearly set forth in the affidavit follow
ing.
Th»» instrument was made by Aba
Hagen last November, and several city
officials who are not in any way tied
up with the water company were con
versant with the facts as he has set
them forth. The affidavit furnishes
some sensational denouements. It
reads:
To All Whom it May Concern: The un
dersigned, during the month of May, 1R97.
was placed hy City Engineer Dockweiler
In charge of making an estimate upon the
value of the present waterworks system
of the city of Los Angeles, and to report
upon the condition of the same. In pur-
suance of su 'i instructions he handed a
report in writing to City Engineer Dock
weiler, which report, after suggested and
enforced alterations, was duly presented
to and accepted by the City Council of
Los Angeles, and is now on file and
known as the "City Engineer's Report
Upon the Value of the City Waterworks."
The undersigned herewith states the
following facts to have become relevant
during the time that he prosecuted this
work, to wit: That from the dat.» of be
ginning, on May 12. 1597, until July 20, 1597.
he was in sole charge of the work, ar
r.tngod and executed the different items
of the same according to his own best
judgment without any further instruc
tions, interference or suggestions from
the City Engineer; that the report and
estimate as delivered by him to City En
gineer Dockweiler was essentially his
own work; that during the time of ex
ecuting this work the City Engineer, with
the exception of three times, did not put
in any appearance whatever upon the
scene of the work and that during these
Continued on Second Page.
WRECK OF
THE CORONA
ON A REEF
The Steamship Strikes Off
the Mouth of the
Skeena River.
Passengers and Crew Reach the
Shore, but Vessel and
Cargo Will Prove a
Total Loss.
NANAIMO, B. C, Jan. 28.— The
steamer Danube arrived at Departure
Bay late this evening, bringing news
of the wreck of the steamer Corona,
with 245 passengers aboard. The Cor
ona struck a rock near the mouth of
the Skeena River and at once com-
menced to sink. Lifeboats were low-
ered and the passengers were conveyed
to the beach of the Skeena River. The
steamer Al-Ki went to the rescue. She
is now on her way south with the un
fortunate gold seekers.
The Corona struck the rock on Tues- ;
day morning, bow on, and is now lying
With stern submerged. It is feared
that the Corona will prove a total
wreck and the whole of her cargo will
be lost.
The accident occurred just outside an
island that is off the mouth of the
Skeena River, and it is said the course
taken by the Corona was not the usual
one. Most vessels pass up between the
mouth of the river and the island, but
the Corona was put on a course rmt
side the island and piled up on a reef
when under full headway. She settled
down within forty minutes, giving lima,
for all the passengers to toe safety land- 1
ed, but very little of their effects and
none of the freight could be landed.
The Corona was commanded by Cap
tain Pierce, who never before had
charge of a steamship. He has com
manded a deep-sea sailing vessel for
several years, and until recently was in
charge of the ship Sea King, oince the
Corona has been on the Alaska route
he had been second officer under Cap
tain Carroll, until the latter resigned,
when Pierce was promoted to the com
mand. This was his second trin as
! captain. The Corona had two pilots on
this trip, one of them being Captain
William Thompson, an experienced
i navigator.
It is not known here just how many
! passengers the Corona had on this trip,
; but she was uncomfortably crowded
when she left here, many sleeping on
the floor.
The wreck of the Corona recalls the
loss of the 'steamer Mexico, also belong
ing to the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company. She was lost just as the
rush was setting in last fall, and this
j wreck also comes at a most inoppor
! tune time. The Coronn. like the Mex
ico, Is said to have been fairly well in
sured.
About the same time word was re
ceived from Victoria announcing the
loss Of the Corona, Superintendent J.
F. Trowhridge of the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company received news
from W. P. Rithet & Co. of Vancouver.
B. C, of the stranding of the 300-ton
freight steamer Coquitlan, owned by
the Union Transit Company of Van
couver. Whether the Coquitlan was
beached or what her exact condition Is
THE STEAMER CORONA.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
has not been determined here to-night.
The passengers were saved.
DAWSON THE DESTINATION
OF NEARLY ALL OF THE
CORONA'S PASSENGERS.
History of the Vessel Which Succeeded the
Wrecked Mexico and Shared
Her Fete.
SEATTLE, Jan. 2R.— The Corona was
considered one of the finest appointed
vessels in the Alaska service. She
was in command of Captain Pearee
and had two pilots, Thompson and
Coffman, whose experience on the
route would seem to make their pres
ence on the steamship almost a guar
antee of safety. The wrecked steamer
sailed from Seattle for Dyea and
Skaguay, Alaska, on January 20 and
had 225 passengers, 130 being first
clasp, from Puget Sound ports. In
Seattle alone were sold seventy first
class and seventy second class tickets.
Her freight was about 700 tons of gen
eral merchandise and 200 tons of
fuel.
Thf» following were the officers of the
ill-fated Corona: Captain P^arce,
Chief Officer Thomas Hogan, Second
Officer Marshall, Third Officer Cann,
Chief Engineer Martin, First Assist
ant 1 U. Miller, Second Assis
tant JfngiJneer R. Robertson, Purser
Valentine.
Among the passengers on the Corona
was a party of six from San Jose. Cal..
led by John Stanley and A. Ehrman.
They were under contract to build a
wharf and warehouse in Skaguay. As
a sidp issue the six took an ordinary
cutter sleigh and about thirty smaller
sleds for use in transporting freight
and passengers on the Skaguay road.
The party has sixty mules in San
Francisco, which will be shipped to
Skaguay as soon as transportation can
be engaged.
A most complete printing outfit was
j aboard the Corona, shipped to Dyea. Tt
'< was being taken north by E. W. Pol
: lock, formerly of Mount Vernon, who
intended to issue in Dyea the only
; daily newspaper in Alaska. The cy
linder press is the largest yet taken
| north.
Mr. and Mrs. Foster and Mr. and
Mrs. F. K. Thayer sailed for Fort
Wrangel on the steamer Corona- They
] will locate on the new townsite called
| Goldike and will commence construc
| lion work at once. T. G. Wilson left
; on the Corona and intends to push on
Ito Dawson without delay. He figures
! on reaching there in March, and after
i spending a couple of weeks expected
| to start on the return trip. He has en
i gaged Indian guides and has a num
ber of dogs. He intended to follow the
course of the river.' Several others
aboard the Corona Imended starting
at once for the Klondike. It Is safely
estimated that three-quarters of the
passengers are bound for the mines.
On the Ist of September last the
Corona came to Seattle from Pan Fran-
cisco. Early in the previous month
the steamer Mexico was sunk in Dixon
Entrance, which made necessary the
presence of a vessel to take her run.
Voyages north were made by the
steamers Willamette and Homer be2
fore the Corona went on the run. She !
left here on November 6 on her first
run. She wa s thus practically the '
successor of the Mexico, and both yes- j
sels shared tho same misfortune. Since
the Corona made her first run on No
vember 6 she made five round trips
and was on her sixth trip north when j
lost.
The Corona was built in ISSS at Phil- !
adelphia for Neafie & Levy at a cost ,
of about $200,000. In that same year ,
Pho was purchased by the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company, and
brought around to the Pacific Coast. I
For a number of years she was oper- ,
nted between San Francisco and San
Dieg-o. Last year she made one trip to ;
Alaska, but the remainder of the time j
she was in th<> California service.
The dimensions of the Corona were ■
as follows:, Length over all. 230 feet;
beam. 34 feet 6 inches: registered ton- \
nape, 1492 gross. 966 net; schooner rip.
stoel, 3S staterooms. 114 berths; could
carry 220 passengers. She had triple
expansion engines. 1440 horsepower.
four marine boilers, eight furnaces, j
Her average speed was twelve knots.
She was valued at $175,000 and was
well insured.
Had the Corona returned safely from
her last trip it was the intention to !
send her south and put the large
steamer Queen on the Alaska run.
This makes the third steamship lost
between Seattle and Juneau, Alaska.
The first to go down was the Willapa.
on Man h 0. 1897, and the Mexico was
lost on August E>, 1897.
The following is a list of the Corona's
passengers, booked at Seattle and Ta
coma:
Seattle— M. T. Rolland. Mrs. C. S. Dls
bon, J. T. Burke. Robert Duncan. J. W.
Charlson. C. D. Joseph. A. Benicki, E. R.
Bunce. Lewis Foss. J. Dalton. B. A.
Young. L. T. Watson. Mrs. Eva Haskin.
Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Smith, W. H. Baylis-s.
William Case. Mrs. W. 11. McConnell, A.
M. Watson. Charles Dexter, Mr. and Mrs.
Alex Morris, B. A. Stunke, Mrs. J. W.
Roth. L. C. Siler, L. Poison. George
Lowe, T. G. Wilson. Mr. and Mrs. G. W.
Randall, 11. Hamilton. Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Stark. Otto Stark, Iflsa A. An
derson, Mrs. \Y. Kngstrom, Mrs. E. C.
Hillard. Mrs. M. C. Ferguson, J..L. Tuck
er. J. N. Doe, J. W. Jones, J. EL Pawles,
Douglas White, Mrs. F. McLain, B. W.
L evenSi p]. s. Levens, Mr. and Mrs. B. N.
Levens. Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Levens, Mrs.
L. L. Foster, E. E. Angell, A. B. Baughn,
T. J. Collins, J. I. Collins, J. W. Thomp
son, M. Sweaaid, C. N. Foster, F. K.
Thayer, Mrs. C. N. Foster, Mrs. F. E.
Thayer, N. L. Miller, J. Blumm. O. L. :
Cheney, E. N. Furness. Emily Friend, H.
Tobin, J. Jacobs, 11. J. Porter, M. Bul
ger, D. Morrison.
Second class— Ernest Rum, Edgar Rum,
Alfred Ehrman, J. Stinley Jr.. Lee 84.
Herrmr.ii, Thomas Bergman. J. P. Roe, ;
James Borton, William Daniels, Thomas
Hamilton, S. B. Ballard, J. T. Kelly. J. ;
X. Weaver. Arthur Sibbitt, George Pick
lngpaugh, E. Neil Smith, H. C. Treat, E.
Fuller. C. H. Hlbbard. W. N. Pierson, J.
T. ICcLeoraky, S. S. Vincent, E. G. Rog
ers, Robert Ragan, John Burns, G. Ron
ald, J. A. Harris, Edward Clattenburg.
Emil Person, John Hore, C H. Bridges,
S. W. Ferguson. Julius Birch, A. Miller,
Charles Lynch, Oliver Darby, Gus John
son. John Johnson. J. M. Hicks. W. H.
Friths. C. E. Gelterly, W. A. Smith. H. C.
Crandall, Jake Clasky, S. Stanneld, A.
Stein, D. Clasky, John Nord, Kate Arrley,
C. D. Smidt, Frank Pruntz, Peter Glenn,
"William H. Andel, William O. Robertson,
William J. Xuckle, W. R. Herrick. G. K.
Davis, Nicholas Meers. W. Engstrom,
Louis Miller. Dan A. Egan, Joseph Rad
macher, John B. Peters, S. A. Adair, P.
S. Chipman. W. Pardee. S. H. Enrick, J.
Sutair, George E. Morick, L. Chilblantz,
L. Payment, J. Bomath. B. Brandino, B.
S. Paulay, Adolph Andel.
Tacoma — D. J. Button, E. Demorest. J.
T. Sugars, John Nelson, R. A. Crothers,
R. Ifoder, S. Slapaire, C. Lotta, F. W.
McElroy, W. A. Wilson, H. Griffin, F.
Spottswnod, G. B. McHaney, Fred Bab
cock. Julius Dobnskl, F. E. Balr. C. I.
Wood and wife, R. T. Duellock, John
Browning, Oliver Twist (supposed to be a
man named Spencer, from Denver). J. D.
Laidlaw. George E. Day. Charles Scholz,
W. E. Eastman. William Munzie.
RAISE THE
ENGINEER'S
FIGURES
Continued from Firs>t Page.
three times he did not remain to exceed
ten minutes in any instance; that the un
dersigned had his report typewritten and
"handed the siimc to City Engineer Dock
weiler on July 20, 1597, and that the sum
total of the real present value of the
waterworks system, according to his es
timate, was $1,063,690.
That on July 21, 1897, City Engineer
Dockweiler acknowledged to J.he under
signed that on the night previous he was
visited at his residence on South Hill
street by Mr. Mulholland, the superin
tendent of the I,os Angeles Water Works,
and by the latter's request read to him
the report and the different items of the
estimated value as prepared by the un
dersigned: thnt he received from said Mul
holland a number of suggestions in refer
ence tn certain items in the estimate
■which ought to be raised in their valua
tion; that on the following day, July 22,
1897, City Engineer Dockweiler went with
the undersigned over the itemized esti
mate and insisted upon raising the figures
therein; that the sum total of such in
crease amounted to $186,000 over and
above the true estimate previously made
by the undersigned; that. City Engineer
Dockweiler brought forth no good reason
for such increase of figures, neither based
upon his knowledge of the plant nor of
the current prices for which like material
and labor could be bought in open mar
ket at that time.
That the amount of such sums to be
added to the tr',i>> .-^timrite were the fol
lowing: Items: One hundred thousand dol
lars added increase for the pipes (no rea
son given by him for this increase), $20,
000 added to the Bellevue reservoir (rea
son Riven for increase was the strategic
location of such reservoir).
That the following are some of the in
creased valuations:
Forty-four iron pipe from $40,251 to $51,
74P: increase $12. 22 s !.
East Side Springs, from $4625 to $18,625;
Increase $14,000.
Lot and building on Marchessault
street, from $19,650 to $31,000; increase $11 -
350.
Brick-lined tunnel, from $64,000 to $70,
000; increase $6000. Mulholland himself
stated to the undersigned in March, 1897,
that this work originally cost $63,000.
That various other items raised in
creased the sum total, as above stated,
to about $186,000. That in addition to
these figures, an additional 15 per cent of
the sum total, equaling $157,453, was to be,
added for so-called contingencies, engi
neer's fees, etc., although the estimates
included already the sum of $18,189 for
such incidentals; and that the sum total
of such increase would have amounted
to $373,455 over and above the true esti
mated value of the plant.
That the undersigned at that time
etrenuously objected to such increase of
the valuation.
That on the following day City Engi
neer Doekweiler and ex-City Engineer
Eaton visited the undersigned at his of
fice In the California Bank building, and
In the presence of an employe reread the
estimate and figured with him over an
additional increase of the estimate, nota
bly an addition of 15 per cent for contin
gencies should be added to the whole:
that upon their Invitation their meeting
was transferred to the residence of Mr.
Eaton at Santa Monica, where another
reconsideration of the estimated figures
was urged as late as 12 p. m.
That finally, on the following day, July
84, 1897, in the undersigned's office, and
under the pressure of City Engineer
Dockweiler and ex-City Engineer Baton,
the final estimate was raised from $1,063.
690 to $1. 1f*'. '..'.:.. of which amount IIOS.^S
wax lor contingencies and $2.'5.450 for var
ious other Increases, making a total In
crease of HMJ6B over and above the
original and correct estimate
That the report was finally submitted in
this form to the Council on July M, ÜB7.
That during tap time of preparation of
the estimate. City Engineer Dockweiler
nt various times and in conversation
upon this subject matter mentioned that
if the estimated value of the water works
system approached two and a half million
dollars it would not surprise the Board
Of Aldermen. ERNEST AiiS HAGLN.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this
29th day of November, IV'7.
BARTON DARLINGTON,
Notary Public in and for Los Angeles
County, State of California.
LOS ANGELES'
COUNCILMEN
MUST ACT
Continued from First Page.
time to time hereafter, as rapidly as
rr.y attorneys can prepare the papers.
There w«ll be no delay; in fact. 1 nave
been impatient for the time to come
when my attorneys will permit me to
take the aggressive and compel these
lying sheets to show themselves in their
true colors."'
That portion of the Herald ■ edito
rial upon which Mr. Webb intends to
base his suit for criminal LtoJ against
Manager Spalding of that paper is as
follows:
It was he fPatton) who made an alli
ance, presumably for coin or political in
trieue. with Walter Webb, a Republican
DOSS and boodler — a man under indict
ment for extortion, under Investigation
for malfeasance in office, a rrlan under
the condemnation of this community for
blackmailing teachers and grossly ai'us
ing his trust. Patton, in his paper, the
Capital, took up the cudgels for this Re
publican boodler, and, incidentally, cast
aspersions upon tho League for Better
City Government and the best elements
of Los Angeles, Democratic and Repub
lican alike.
Nor did he stop here. Patton. as the
local representative of the San Francisco
Call, enlisted that paper in a campaign
in defense of the same Republican
boodier.
CLAIM THEY RECEIVED
VERY SCANT COURTESY.
Members of a Committee From Brooklyn
Say That Congressman Loud Was
Abrupt, to Say the Least.
NEW York. Jan. 28.— According to a
report made to-day by Gf>rF>- P. Elliott,
a committee, of which he is chairman,
appointed as a result of an indignation
meeting held in the Academy of Music
on Thursday a w.-ek ago. met with a
chilly reception from Chairman Loud of
the House Committee on Postal Service
and Post Roads. The committee, Which
was composed of Mr. Elliott, S. V. White
and Thomas G. Shearman, called upon
Chairman Loud to protest against any
reduction in the postal service of Brook
lyn. The interview, Mr. Elliott says, was
a stormy one.
Representative Bennett of Brooklyn in
troduced the members of the committee
to Mr. Loud. Mr. Elliott, .i* chairman,
briefly outlined the nature <>f their busi
ness. After listening a few minutes, Mr.
Elliott says Mr. Loud excitedly ex
claimed: "You're a park of <1 a.«s.-s.
You don't know anything about what jrou
want. You think you do. and you try
to come down here and tell us our busi
ness; but you don't know anything about
it. and I repeat it."
Mr. White finally explained that a large
number of business men and residents of
Brooklyn were unanimous that the postal
service should not be curtailed as it
would cause loss and inconvenience to
them.
SENATOR LINDSAY IS
REQUESTED TO RESIGN.
Senate of Kentucky Adopts the Resolution
Passed by the Lower Branch of
the Legislature.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan. 28.— The reso
lution requesting the immediate resigna
tion of United States Benator Lindsay,
passed by the House yesterday, was also
adopted by the Senate to-day by a vote
of 25 to 10.
Senator Johnson of Clinton was the
only Democrat voting against the resolu
tion, and only nine Republicans voted
against it. Hot speeches were made by
Senators Bronston, Alexander, Jones and
others.
Senator Bronston of Fayette said that
Lindsay should be branded as a traitor,
that all might know him; that he did not
represent th«- Democratic party nor any
part of it, and that if he was "an honest
man he would come home, resign and re
tire to the shades of private life, where
his treacherous course had relegated him.
Senator Junes also marie a strong
speech arraigning ■ Senator Lindsay's
i ■■ vist in the most severe terms. Qreat
enthusiasm wa-s manifested when the res
olution was passed by such an over
whelming vote.
GEORGE CROCKER'S PLANS
FOR A NEW RESIDENCE.
Will Erect a Magnificent Mansion on the
Properly Recently Purchased on
Fifth Avenue, New York.
NEW YORK, Jan. 2S— George Crocker,
the California millionaire, who last Sep
tember purchased the northeast corner of
Fifth avenue and Sixty-fourth street,
yesterday filed plans with the Depart
ment of Public Buildings for a mansion
which he intends to erect on the site. It
will be five stories in height and 30:*xlon
feet in size. Architects Bright & Bacon
estimate the cost at $100,000. Mr. Crock
er's new house will take the place of the
old Knickerbocker residence, erected a
quarter of a century ago by thf late
Henry Knickerbocker, the Wall-street
operator. Mr. Knickerbocker purchased
the corner and adjoining property in IKS
when the boom in property incident tv
the laying out of Central Park was on.
WAR AMONG HIGHBINDERS
THREATENED AT SACRAMENTO.
Fighting Men Arriving From San Francisco
and Marys ville and Guns Being Im
ported for the Fray. \-
SACRAMENTO, Jan. War may
break out between the Suey, On -, Tongs
and the Fong Duck Tongs, the highbind
er gangs, at any moment. About a week
ago a Fong Duck man who deserted and
Joined the Suey Ons was murdered. Since
then Suey On fighting men have been ar
riving In this city from San Francisco
and Marysville. and have taken to adja
cent ranches. The Suey On headquarters
is closed.
Several incoming Chinese were arrested
and their revolvers confiscated. Thurs
day evening a large consignment of re
volvers was received by the' Suey On boss
on a steamer, and the police believe the
gang merely await a signal to enter the
city and wage war with the Fong Ducks.
TIIE SAX FBAXCISCO CALL, SATODAY, JAXUATIY 29, 1808.
OVERCOME
BY HUNGER
AND THIRST
Awful Sufferings of a
Workman and His
Children.
Rescued Near Mammoth
Tank When Death
Is Near.
Lost on the Desert, They Had
Given Up the Battle
for Life.
FOUND JUST IN TIME.
Before Another Sun-Up Death Would
Have Claimed Each Member of
the Little Party.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOR ANOELKS, Jan. 28.— One of the
most heartrending discoveries ever
made on the desert, which has fur
nished many tragedies ere this, was
that last night at Mammoth Tank, on
the Southern Pacific's line, about fifty
miles northwest of Yuma, in San Die
g:o County. E. Adolph of this city, liv
ing at 415 North Broadway, was visit-
Ing his friend. L. S. Putnam, who is
stationed at Mammoth Tank as agent
of the Norton Drake Company. Put
nam had in charge a carload of provi
sions, whii h be was delivering to the
men employed at that point. He and
Adolph were surprised to pee at a
short distance from the camp a little
bonfire on the mesa, not a hundred
yards from the railroad tracks. As
that point is entirely deserted, except
by the section hands, the gentlemen
<"in luded to investigate. They could
think of no explanation for the pres
ence so near by of travelers who had
yet not ventured to come into camp,
unless it was that the fire-builders were
Indians, so they picked up their rifles
and proceeded to reeonnoiter.
Their horror can be imagined when
they came upon six human beings,
nearly naked, emaciated, swollen with
the frightful blackswelling of agoniz
ing thirst, and almost frozen in the
pitiless desert night. They were a mid
dle-aged man and five small children,
one a baby of 3 years, and the eldest
only 12. The baby's condition was too
pitiful for words, and Adolph in de
scribing the scene was overpowered by
the recollection.
The two men, recognizing the neces
sity for Instant action, if the lives of
the poor creatures were to be saved,
ran at once for water and blankets.
The must urgent need was to rellevethe
raging thirst, though the entire six
were on the verge of starvation as well.
Their faces and tc-ngues were so swoll
en- that it seemed as if they were al
ready beyond the reach of restoratives.
Sulfiee to say, however, that the two
men ran to camp and quickly returned
with a squad of aroused workmen, car
rying food, clothing and blankets. Aft
tr satisfying their thirst, as far an it
was ««afe to do so, a little food was
gWefl t<: tht sufferers. The man and
boys were clothed, the maimed and
swollen feet were cared for, and every
thing done that could be done under
the circumstances.
When he had recovered sufficiently to
talk. Joyce— for that is the name of the
unfortunate man — related to Adolph
an.l Putnam the following remarkable
story:
Last fall Joyce was living in Pres
cott, Arizona, with his wife and chil
dren. The wife was an invalid. After
a long illness Mrs. Joyce died, and
when the funeral was over Joyce found
himself loft with five small boys with
out employment, and at his wits' ends
His wife's illness had necessitated his
presence at her side, and he was
obliged to quit work for that purpo^.
The funeral expenses consumed his last
dollar.
He left Prescott in a wagon in No
vember. after the death of his wife.
The horses gave out and died near Gila
Bond, and from that point he and the
little ones walked 315 miles to Mam
moth Tank.
There the father finally gave out
completely, and the little party would
surely have perished if they had not
been discovered that night — the morn
ing would have been too late.
HONORED BY STANFORD SENIORS.
S. W. Charles of Palo Alio Elected Presi-
dent of the Class.
PAI.O AI/TO, Jan. 28.— The seniors
elected officers to-day. The fight for
president, between S. W. Charles, C. M.
Mannon and L. B. Spencer, was a close
one. It wi? not until the second ballot
• when Spencer withdrew) that the choice
fell to Charles.
The senior presidency for the second
semester if« the most valued class office in
college. The duties of the president are
to lead the promenade, make the
speeches, lay the class plate and get his
clans out of debt.
S. W. Charles Is a resident of Palo Alto.
He is an alternate on the intercollegiate
debating team. His major is law. He
belongs to the Phi Delta Phi law frater
nity.
Illegal Appropriations.
MARYSYII.LE. Jan. 28— An opinion
was hnnded down by the Supreme Court
yesterday in a case entitled Irwin vs. the
County of Yuba, wherein it was sought
to recover money expended by the plain
tiff, acting as a committee from the
Board of Supervisors of Yuba County, in
attending meetings of the State Anti-
Debris Association, held monthly at Sac
ratnento. The court decided that such
expenditure* were unwarranted by law,
and goes farther, holding that sums of
money appropriated monthly by each of
the counties of Yuba, Sutter. Sacramento.
Colusa, Glenn, Tehama, Yolo and S'>
lano for the maintenance of the Anti
do).rl» Association are illegally appro
priated.
Not the Ukiah Stage Robber.
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 28.— Frank Har
rington, the man arrested yesterday or
suspicion of being one of the T'klah stage
robbers, has established what seems to
be a complete alibi. Yesterday Barrins
ton paid he could prove by B. Freelson
of AU-xander Valley that he was work
ing for him in a winery on the Mini
gan place at the time of the robbery.
To-day Freelson came down with the
winery books, which show that Harring
ton was th»r.- at the time the stage was
held up. Harrington will be kept until
to-morrow, when the T'kiah officers will
be here.
Anti-Flirtation Bill Beaten.
RICHMOND. Jan. 2R.— The feature In
the General Assembly to-day was the de
feat of the anti-flirtation bill.
MURDER OF
GERMANS BY
THE CHINESE
Four Sailors Said to
Have Been Slain
at Chefu.
Desperate Fight With a
Mob Numbering a
Hundred.
Admiral or the Kaiser's Fleet
Threatens to Take Im
mediate Action.
FRANCE SUPPORTS RUSSIA.
Backing Up the Cwr's Protest Ag.iinst
the Opening of the Port of
T*»lien- Wan.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Jan. 28.— 1t is announced
In a special dispatch from Shanghai,
received here to-day, that four German
sailors have been murdered by the
Chinese at Chefu. A special dispatch
from Shanghai says the German ad
miral threatens to take measures.
According to a special dispatch from
Shanghai. Sung, the Chinese com
mander at Port Arthur, recently In
formed Captain Chichester of the
British ship Immortulite that the Rus
sian warships had the Tsung 11 Ya
men's special permission to Remain
there. Captain Chichester thereupon
Insisted that Sung should obtain by
telegraph similar permission for the
Immortalite. Sung complied with the
demand and permission was granted.
The Dally Chronicle this morning
says the Far Eastern situation was
discussed between the Marquis of Sal
isbury and United States Embassador
Hay before the latter started for
Egypt.
The Daily Chronicle understands
that the prospect of an English loan to
China is very favorable.
The Peking correspondent of the
Times says: The French attitude has
undergone a sudden change, and now
appears to give a reluctant support to
the menacing language of the Russian
agent. M. Pavloff, Charge d'Affaires at
Peking, against th<? opening of Tallen-
Wan. The Chinese, having made in
quiries, disbelieve PavlofTfl statement
that Russia can provide a loan on the
same financial terms as Great Britain.
At the meeting of the Grand Council
Thursday night the Chinese decided
to approach the English and Russian
Governments v.ith a proposal of com
promise, each power to provide half of
the loan on its own financial terms and
the other conditions to be adjusted be
tween them.
SHANGHAI, Jar 28.— A dispatch
from Chefu Jo the Mercury of Shang
hai gives details of the assassination
of a German sailor named Schultz, be
longing to the cruiser Kaiser, while on
outpost duty at Tsimo, the extreme
German post of Kiaochau Bay. The
crime, wh'ch was committed by the
Chinese rabble on Monday night last
wrs not dlscorered until three men of
the corporal's guard were making the
rounds in rder to relieve the sen
trios. Then BchnltS was found, his
head having been severed from his
body. The relieving guard was di
rectly afterward attacked by a hun
dred natives. ;md after a stubborn
fight, it Is reported that all the sailors
were killed. Twelve Chinese were
killed during the fighting.
It is added that, in consequence of
the outrage, the greatest excitement
prevails at Kiaochao, and it is believed
the incident will form the basis of
further German demands upon China.
HERLJN, Jan. 28.— The German Gov
ernment has no news concerning the
details of the assassination of the Ger
man sailor Srhultz, announced by the
Mercury of Shanghai.
Book Publishing Company to Be Paid.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2S.— The bill to
pay the bonk publishing company of the
Methodist Episcopal Church South $2SS,
000 for damages sustained by that cor
poration during the war. after encoun
tering an obstinate filibustering which
ptaved off a vote on two previous private
blllß (lay? was piloted to its passage in
the House to-day by Cooper of Texaa,
who is In charge of the measure. The
friends of th measure proved themselves
in an overwhelming majority, ami the
opposition to-day finding it could not hold
out no longer reluctantly yielded. The
vote on thf- bill .\;ik ]>>* tO 67.
Thope who participated in the debate
were: In favor of it — Dinsmore (D.) of
Arkansas. Dolliver (R.) of lowa. Doek
«ry (D.) { Missouri, Sims (D.) of Ten
nessee, Mahon (R.) of Pennsylvania, Sul
livan (D.^ of Mississippi, Torry <D.) of
Arkansas. Galni fl>.) of Tennessee and
Grosvenor CR.) of Ohio.
In opposition to It— Dalzell (R.> of
Pennsylvania. Hepburn CR.) of lowa,
MMi Ewan (R.) of New Jersey, Dlngley
(R.) of Maine and Connelly (R.) of Illi
nois.
The House then at 4:30 o'clock took a
recess until 8 o'clock this evening, the
evening session to be devoted to the con
sideration of private pension bills.
NEW TO-DAY.
It is True Economy
To take Hood's Sarsaparilla, reach of medicine, is rapidly and per- ] two yeari old Ke was in a serious
America's Greatest Medicine. fectly cured by Hood's Sarsaparilla if condition. We did no* know what it
It is economy to buy Hood's Sarsa- and persistently taken. was for any of us v g<-> a good
Scrofula, salt rheum, eczema, all ' night s rest for many years Some
parilla because it is a highly concen- eruptlong bolls and humors popularly j one had to sit up with him. We tried
trated extract prepared by thoroughly considered blood diseases: dyspepsia, every means we could think of to ef-
educated. expert and experienced indigestion »nd weak stomach, caused I feet a cure, bu* nothing helped him.
pharmacists, and is the best, cleanest, by lack of digestive power because At one time we thought he could not
purest pharmaceutical preparation not properly sustained by pure blood; live from day to day. He had
known. catarrh, a constitutional disease, re- A Heart Trouble
It is economy to insist upon having quiring a constitutional remedy; rheu- | caused by the rheumatism. I had
Hood's Sarsapurilla, because there is matism, with its dreadful pains and j about given up all hope of his recov-
no substitute for Hood's. I aches, originating in acid condition of | cry, but I thought I would get a bottle
It is economy to take Hood's Sarsa- j the blood, requiring a powerful blood !of Hood's Sarsaparilla. Before he had
parilla, the best blood medicine, for i purifier to neutralize and correct— I taken one-half the contents he began
any complaint traceable to the condi- that tired feeling, debility, etc.. all jto improve. He kept on gaining as
tion of your blood. Hood's Sarsapa- these and all other kindred complaints I continued to give him the medicine,
rilla is the greatest blood medicine of j have been cured not once or twice, but and now he is well and strong and
the age because it has effected the thousands of times, as thousands of goes to school every day. I owe his
greatest cures known in the century, people testify, by Hood's Sarsaparilla. Hf e to Hood's Sarsaparilla.— MßS. P.
Every disease originating in impure "My little boy was taken with in- jS. LOCKRIDGE. 1328 W. Second St.,
blood, and not absolutely beyond the flammatory rheumatism when he was Los Angeles, Cal."
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. Sold by all druggists. $1; six for $5.
Prepared only by C. L HO(j>D & CO.. Apothecaries. Lowell, Mass.
REFUSED TO
SEEK SAFETY
Gen. Arangueren Would
Not Heed Timely
"Warning.
On One Occasion His Fiancee
Went in Vain to
Save Him.
Although the Young Cuban Leader
Knew ■ Prieo Was on Hss Head,
He Would Not ReirenC
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 28.— A Herald spe- '
cial from Key West, Fla.. says: While
thu report of the deaih of General Nes
tor Arangueren caused considerable ex
citement and regret in the Cuban col
ony from the fact that his aged father
and mother and other relatives reside
here, it caused no surprise whatever,
as his adventurous spirit, it was ex
pected, would lead to his death. Ad
ditional sympathy was enlisted in the
case from the fact that young Aran
gueren's sister was recently wedded to
Surgeon Guitarez of the United States
Marine Hospital service. The father
added that he had been expecting such
news, and dreaded that some disaster
hail befallen his son ever si'ice he held
up a train between Havana and Ma
tanzas, from which several Spanteh of
ficers were captured. Special orders,
he said, had been issued by the Ha
vana authorities to capture the young
insurgent and bring him dead or alive
to Havana, and he was advised that
plans to that end were constantly be
ing devised. The efforts, he continued,
were renewed aft«-r the execution of
General Blanco's envoy. Colonel Ruiz,
and a reward had been offered for his
head.
Warnings had been repeatedly sent
to young Arangueren. On one occa
sion Senorlta Isabel Giralt, his fian
cee, was dispatched on this perilous
mission. Knowing the strong feeling
aroused by the summary execution of
Colonel Ruiz and that the determina
tion of the Spanish officials to effect his
capture was favored by the level coun
try in which his operations were con
ducted, he was advised to seek a tem
porary refuge with his limited com
mand among the mountains in the east
ern provinces. Arangueren's only re
ply to all these warnings was that he
was aware of the Spanish plans, and
resigned to whatever end was In store.
It is generally believed here that the
yiung general's younger brother. Be
nito. now a captain, will be assigned
to his command.
A dispatch received last night by Dr.
Giuteras from Consul-General Lee re
moves the last hope cherished by Aran
gueren's parents that the report of his
death was untrue. General Lee says
the body brought to Havana for iden
tification is that of the insurgent gen
eral. H>> is iV'lng his utmost to obtain
the consent of the Havana authorities
to give the body burial, as requested.
PRIZE-WINNING CANINES.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 28.— Mr. Nairn
finished Judging v the dogs at the bench
show to-day— all ! t except- for the special
prizes, which he Will judge for to-morrow
afternoon. The awards were as follows:
Pointers— Puppy ■'"«'• Bummer, first: The
Kid. second. Puppy bitches.- Pattle N. first;
Bessie M. second. Junior dogs. Jack, first;
'also first In winner's class; Bummer W, sec
ond: Joe Freckles, third. -"""vJ:"'"- „.
Novice (dogs under "> pounds). Bummer \v,
first. Novice bitches (under 55 pounds), Pattie
N Brit. Free for all dogs. Jack, first. Free
for all bitches. Queen N. first: Lady Glen
belgh. second. Junior bitches, Queen N. first.
English setters— Puppy dogs, Joe, first. Nov-
Ice dogs. Prince, first. Novice bltchea. Snow,
first. Free for all hitches. Flora W, first.
Junior bitches. Flora W. first.
Gordon setter*— Novice dogs. Prince, first.
Irish setters— Novice dogs. Swift, first: Bob
by, second: Ralph, third. Novice bitches, Gip
sy Girl, first. Senior bitches. Queen of Kil
dare. first and first in winner's class.
Collies, puppy dogs— Gold Fine first. Daonll
Dhu second. Daon'l Roy third: puppy bitches
— Loufra first, Chummte second. Clifton's
Bonnie third; novice doss— Rob Roy first.
I'm. nil DbU second. Slighter third: novice
bitches— Schmoral first; free for all dogs-
Spartan first and first in tne winner's class.
Alto Clifton second, Rob Roy third; free for
all bitches— Pensarn Ora first in winner's
class. Clifton's Bonnie second. Iris third;
Junior dogs— Alto Clifton first. Major Welton
second. Rob Roy third, Gold Dust H fourth;
Junior bitches— Pensarn Ora first. Iris second.
Bull terriers— Puppy dogs. Royal Flush
first: free for all dogs. Scaldy Mike first.
Cocker Spaniels— Black (under 2S pounds),
free for air bitches. Portia Pastime, first.
Junior dogs. Buzz Silk, first; Duftcrin Pastime,
second: HI. third. Junior hitches. Polly Pas
time, first: Peg "Wofflngton, second; Portia
Pastime, third.
Cocker Spaniels— (Other than black,, un
der 2S pounds). Novice dogs. Ben Har
rison, first. Novice bitches. Dot 8.. first.
Junior bitches. Tootsy W. first. Se
nior bitches. Rallette. first: and also first
In winner's class. Puppy .logs. Golden
Chimes, first: Demon, second. Novice hitches.
Daisy Bell, first: Daisy, • second. Free for all
dogs. Golden Dirk, first. Junior dogs. Warren
Crack, first: Our Joe, second: Golden Dirk,
third. Senior dogs. Golden Flash. first.
Senior bitches. Golden Restless, first.
Japanese Spaniels— Free for all, bitches,
Turn Yum, first.
English Whiffets— Dogs and bitches (under
25 pounds). Fox, first. •
Field Spaniels— (Other than black). Senior
dcgs, Rex Gilford, first.
HON. EL WOOD EVANS DEAD.
TACOMA, 'Wash., Jan. 28— Hon. Elwood
Evan I',1 ', the oldest practicing lawyer in
the State, dropped dead from heart dis
ease on the street at noon to-day. He
was 70 years of ape and came to Puget
Sound from Philadelphia in ISSI as Deputy
Collector of Customs. In IS»>2 he was
Secretary of the Territory, and during
1865-66 was acting-Governor during the ab
sence of Governor Pickering and Cole.
TO DEFEND THE
AMERICA CUP
Iselin Goes Abroad on a
Mission Somewhat
Mysterious.
But It Is Known That He Rep
resents a Powerful
Syndicate.
Instructed by New York Yachtsmen
to Look Over th« Latest Racing
Craft in Europe.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Jan. 28.— A Providence spe
cial says: C. Oliver Iselin, of Defender
fame, left here for Europe this week on
a mysterious mission looking to the fu
ture protection of the America cup.
He goes abroad as the active head of a I
syndicate as powerful as that which
paid for the last international race,
and he also officially represents the i
New York Yacht Club. There is a sud- I
den and unusual stir among the big
gest yachtsmen of the country ln this j
direction.
Just what the movement means, no \
one outside of the executive officers of !
the New York Yacht Club and three j
gentlemen, including Mr. Iselin, knew. .
They have worked quietly and secret- •
ly, and Iselin is going about with a
good deal of caution. Twice this month
he has been a visitor to Bristol, and
January 15 he was at the Herresheff
boat-building yards, in the bay side
town, for half a day. He had a long ;
and serious talk with Captain "Nat" i
Herresheff. and when rselin left it was !
with the understanding that he should
visit Europe immediately for the pur
pose of looking over the latest things
in racing yachts on the other side. Mr. j
Iselin had more than one object in vis-
Itlng Bristol. The chief one. however,
WES to ascertain the exact condition
of things at the Herresheff shops, and ,
to learn from "Nat" Herresheff per- \
sonally if the firm could put up another j
with all the latest ideas in racing ma
chinery.
Mr. Iselin, after leaving Bristol, im
mediately communicated with the
members of the Cup Defender Syndi
cate in New York. A conference be
tween Iselin and others took place in j
New York Sunday, and the New York
Yacht Club's executive committee met
Tuesday. It was decided at tn.ese ooa- j
ferences that Mr. Iselin and any others
he might select should make a visit to
Europe on matters connected with th^
defense of the cup. and although he
had much important business in this
country just now, he decided to mako
the trip, and his departure this week
was in company with some other prom
inent New Yorkers. Mrs. Iselin is also
one of the pc *y. Mr. Iselin will be ab
sent about four or five weeks, and will
go to England, Scotland and the Med
iterranean.
COURSING AT SACRAMENTO.
Result of the Drawings for the Contests of
Next Sunday.
SACRAMKNTO, Jan. 28.— The Sacra
mento Coursing Association will reopen
Us winter meeting f.^xt Sunday witii a
splendid lot of entries. There will be an
open stake with six prizes. S. Cummlngs
will be the judge and J. H. Heenan will
handle the leash.
Following is the result of last nights
drawing: R. Lawrence's Kitty Lonsdale
against A. Nelson's Salvator; M. Walsh's
Can't "Win against Nethercott Brothers'
Valley Girl; Conroy & Rought's Daisy
Bell against G. E. Ehmann's Arthea: H.
& D's Skylight against T. Boyle's Glen
brook: T. Boyle's Roulette against L.
McMahon's Lady Glendyne; M. Walsh's
Tlpperary Lass against H. & v^. s Daisy
Hill; Gilt Edge kennel's Jealousy against
Conroy & Rought's Handspring: Conroy
& Rought's Faster and Faster against
Rosedale kennel's E V D: T. Boyle's Mis
sion Boy against J. 11. Ryan's Montana;
P. W. Sheehan's Markham against W.
Walsh's Xlnetv- Eight: T. Boyle's Wil
liam OB against Gilt Edge kennel's Fly-
Ing Dutchman; Con Malloy's Swift
against Rosedale kennel's Lucy Conroy.
First to the Wire.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 2S.— Weather
cloudy, track slow.
Seven and one-half furlongs, selling —
Sedan won. Royal Choice second, Bom
bardon third. Time. 1:41.
Seven and one-half furlongs — Dunster
won, Volutante second, Dinsmore third.
Time, 1:41V4.
Six furlongs, selling:— Pat Morrissey
won, Fred Barr second, Everest third.
Tim.-. l:l7Vi-
Handicap, one mile and twenty yards—
Forbush won. Milwaukee second, Siva
third. Time. IMS.
One mile, selling— Rockwood won, Dor
othy pocond. Arezzo third. Time, 1:47t».
Six furlongs, st-lllng— Brighton won. Un
ens second. Shuttlecock third. Time,
l:l7is.
Jeffries and Goddard Sign.
T.OS ANGELES.Jan. 28.— Jim Jeffries of
this city and Joe Goddard of Australia
have signed articles of agreement for a
fifteen-round glove contest to be held
here on February 18, at Hazards Pavil
ion, under the auspices of the Los Ange
les Athletic Club. The men have posted
with the club a forfeit of $200 each to in
sure their appearance on the day men
tioned. The club will receive 30 per cent
of the grate receipts, and the balance -will
be divided between the contestants, 65 per
cent going to the winner. John Brink
will probably be selected to act as ref
eree.
NEW TO-DAY. _
Is the richest gift of nature and
science to Nursing Mothers. It
is gentle, being a Non-Intoxicant
yet powerful, adding new life and
strength to the entire system and
making Baby's food healthy and .
nourishing. Is the one perfect
Malt Extract. All druggists.
All Druggists.
IVAL^BLATZ BREW! IB CO.,
MILWAUKEE, WIS.. U. S. A.
LOUIS CAMEN & SON,
Who'esale Dealers,
416-4 1 8 Sacramento St.
Views
ill Your wife will
tllfi * enjoy it* ** *
Procession, Sparks #
1 iuuuuuiuiij Scintillate • * •
OOiiiLlllclLw *fc « «
• •••
Town Crier is
ft ISO satirical •• •
DOUuIO Editorials are
Paffß crisp *****
PI flip Every line of
" reading is bright
*••* and clever * • *
With You won't be
TO-Da^ S happy if you g °
I 0 udj 5 home without a
News copy *
Letter. ;
H Mr. Ttcmas Butler — &|
B Ola' Sir:
 I C/oti.nng and Woolen 'Blank- S
Wt ets made by Brown 'Bros. <&"^
Wj) Co. are the best on the Klon- M
Hi dike. Ex cry one wants
M- hno'c bow and where we gotjffl
||jj Claude and Clinton Rir p.. m&
W^ i i spa^O^X&^^^M
I PERFECTION . : . PREVAILS 5
ICUISraETSERYICE!
* —IN THE— *
% LADIES' GRILL*
I"- ?k PALACE. I
* Direct Entrance from Market Street. *
DRUNKENNESS!
Morphine and Opium Habits. Painless
treatment. Sixth year; 1000 cured low-
est prices; write to-day for full particu-
lars. Cut this out.
| Gold Cure, Sacramento, Cal. 26 Page St., S. F.
.MADE' IV) £ .A.M AN
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CUBE
-JlZJilfcrvtnf IH*ea*e»— Mem-
orr.lm potency. Sleeplessness, eto_ caused
by Abase or other Eicessoa and Indis-
cretions, They quickly and. surtlv .
restore Lost Vitality In old or young, and
fit xi man fo- ctcdy, business or marriage.
J. Prevent insanity and Consumption it
me. Their aR<? shows immediate Improve-
ment and effect* a CORE where oil other fail In-
sist upon having tho genuine Aim Tablets. Tusy
have cared thousands and wil 1 cure you. Wo «ivee
itive written guaruntoo to effect a euro Crt fiTS la
each or refund the money. Prioe W V I «• per
package; or six pieces (full treatment) for 82.60. By
mail, in plain wrapper, upon rocoiptof price. Circular
free AJAX RpMCnvm ( TO D«arbor B St.,
For sale In San Francisco by Lelpnltz & Co.,
I 250 Sutter. No-Percentage • Pharmacy, ,953 Mkt.
Pth!eDe<«t<-r> Encllsb Diamond Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-<I»~-v ' Original Bod Only Genuine. A,
r- jt/JS siirc, »livaTi reliablt. ladies uk>SL\
■ £Vl V»*» DraMlrt for CMeh'.4ttr • Jwlu* Dia-jKf\\
£t»%fc^jßSh >"<■'"' Brand in Hf.< xni add meuHie\\W
>v \J[<l«bii«i. sfiW with blue rihhon. Take VST
iM is)S^ wl no Other. Hefutu dangtrou* ";bi!itu- V
{•] — jwtion* and imitation: At Dr»«i««. or «ci.d *•.
I C> JJf '"> itimpt for particulars. trstimocUli". »n4
' •> -i » '•Kelie'r for faille*/' <» Uttrr, by r-tarn
.- „ 17 Mall. 10.000 Tr.tinioDi.^ Homo ,'aper.
SS — -rCalchc»ter Chemical Co., M nrf l««i rt laarc,
Wdbr »11 lJ«f!»l nr»~«««« **' • ' 1. V V a., 1* A-
:. • "iHlfffyfiy-T""*! ill "'*? *" '* "■ ncn-poisonous
. • ...S«^^ M *^fc»^a remedy for Gonorrhoea,
Viasly''c'C!{Els^fc« Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
iMPSr 'a l to 4 d i -Xa Whites, unnatural dis-
9/lm I Oa»r»ntecJ charge*, or any lntJamma-
/«•■ rot to •trietnre. tion, irritation or ulcera-
■ <Bpf«Tcats coni*g>oß. ticu of mucous mem-
■|«J»THEEv*S3CHEMIC»IRo. Cranes- Non-astringent.
i*Ac!NCIIIM*TI.O R| Sold by Mrn «Kiat«,
SlilV Va. i M? r Bt ''- in Plain wrapper,
JSEfi&%J' "• by express, prepaid, for
V^y^!n^5 0 H ii l -°°.. or 3 bottles, $2.75.
*^808 -"V- ■ Circular *"nt on request.
>ffi!VDEW£Y,STRGNG &CO>gS^.
6 6 PATENTSI 3
I NSj^33O MARKET ST. S.F.'SSi^CLARK HELD
TO ANSWER
FOR MURDER
No Evidence Offered in
His Defense at the
Hearing.
Excitement Dies Down at St.
Helena, and There Is No
Longer Fear of Mob
Violence.
"In the Justice's Court of Hot Springs Township. County of Napa, (
State of California. H. J. Chirm. Justice of the Peace: I
"It appearing to me that the offense in the within deposition, to- (
wit. murder, has been committed, and that there is sufficient cause to I
believe the within-named George Wlllard Clark guilty thereof. I order (
that he be held to answer to the same, and be not admitted to bail, and i
committed to the custody of the Sheriff of the County of Napa, State I
of California. (
"Dated this 28th day of January, 1898. H. J. CHINN. <
"Justice of the Peace in and for Hot Springs Township, County of (
Napa, State of California." '
PT HELENA. Jan. 2*.— There were
but a half-dozen men, not counting the
officers, in front of the Town Hall when
Sheriff McKenzie drove up from Napa
with George Clark this morning. The j
street was comparatively deserted and ;
the arrival of the murderer was a tame
affair. St. Helena has certainly shown
that she is capable of self-control, and
that she is quite willing to leave the
disposition of George Clark to the law,
though she still resents bitterly the ex
pense his trial will caua
Clark walked into the hall and sat
beside the stove, his hands outstretched
to get all the warmth and comfort pos- i
sible after his cold drive up from
Napa.
George Dax, Mrs. Clark's tiny son
in-law, was the first witness called.
Mr. Dax drops his h's, he stutters pain
fully, his words come in hesitating
gasps, but he has the patience with
which nature h:is especially endowed !
those afflicted as he is, and he gave his :
testimony with dignity and well-lnten- j
tioned good sense. H- fcot alone very!
well at first, but when cross-questioned
found utterance difficult. He succeed
ed, however, in making himself clearly
understood and manfully kept to his
story. He explained his noting Clark's j
shoes so minutely by telling of the em- |
barrasement sneaking causes him and j
his habit, consequently, of keeping his;
eyi'F bent on the floor.
It was odd to hear Mr. Dax testify
that William Clark "was a cheerful
man. always seemed to be happy,"
when one thinks of that crowded lit
tle h.>me of his with its horrible secrets,
its guilty plots, and its quarrels, due,
Mrs. Clark said yesterday, to George
Clark's violent temper.
T>r. Osborne, who was called to the
Clark house immediately after the
murder, testified as to the condition of
William Clark's body and the nature
of the wounds. The interesting part j
of hi? testimony related to the manner |
in which George Clark was told of the j
murder of his brother.
T told him that his brother was shot,
and he said, 'Is that so?' "
The doctor's testimony is valuable
because he noted the mud on the mur
derer's shoes and because of his iden
tification of the overcoat Dr. Osborne
gave George Clark, and which he still
wears.
Court adjourned at noon before Dr.
Osborne had finished his testimony.
Dr. Osborne, after recess, was put
Attorneys Quarreling Over Clark's Shoes.
i
upon the stand, to give evidence as to
the autopsy. He produced a portion of
the murdered man's skull and the bul
let which killed him. The defense j
made a decided objection to the ad
mission of Dr. OsborneVi testimony as
to the pro liable distance at which the
pistol which killed William < 'lark must
have been held. But Justice Chirm over
ruled all objections, and Dr. Osbo-rne i
*ays it as his opinion that the pistol j
must have been held at a distance of
n<rt less than one Coot nor more than
two feet from William Clark's head.
The doctor, with the assistance of the
l>istrict Attorney as a model, illustrat
ed the relative posftions in whiui the
two brothers probably stood on the
morning of January 20 In the kitchen
of the Clark house. The doctor made
use of the expressions "right half " and
"left half" in his explanation, which
gave Mr Hoga/i an opportunity to
facetiously insist upon knowing which
was Mr. Bell's right half; to which the
District Attorney replied with dignity
that it was "better to have one right
half than two wrong ones."
The cro-wd laughed at the sparring
of the lawyers. In fact. St. Helena
crowds are extremely good-natured, if
one judge merely from their demeanor
during George Clark's preliminary ex- ;
amination.
Dr. S. McCurdy testified substantial
ly as Dr. Osborne had done. He had
j been present at the autopsy, and agreed
with Dr. Osborne as to the course of the
bullet and the position of the pistol.
| But Dr. McCurdy declared that testl
• ninny based on powder marks was un
. reliable in determining the distance at
I which a shot was fired, and would give
i r.o opinion upon this matter.
Peter Yorke described his meeting on
Madrone avenue with the man who |
ran from the Clark home at a quarter
past five on the morning of the mur
der, and turned into Kearny street.
"Was anything said by the man as
he passed you? " Mr. Torke was asked.
"He said: 'My God!' " was the an- j
swer.
Mr. Yorke conducted the officers to
the spot at which he had passed the
fleeing man, and there they fitted
George Clark's muddy boots into the
tracksmade by those flying feet.
Marshal J. G. Johnson was the next
witness. After being swcrn in he was
I questioned as follows:
Mr. Bell— Where do you reside, Mr.
Johnson, and what is your occupation?
Answer — I have been continuously re
siding here since ISB4. and I have been
Marsh.il for nearly eight years.
Q. — At what time did you arise last
Thursday morning, the 20th day of Janu
ary. 5
A.— Well, it must have been nearly 6
o'clock, or a few minutes before.
Q. — Where did you a<> and who accom
panied you when you left the house?
A.— l "went with Dr. Osborne, who had
called at my house for mo, and w» went
directly to the house of William Anderson
Clark.
Q. — What happened upon your arrival
at that house?
A. — We went Into the house, found
William Anderson Clark lying on the
(ounce in »the sitting room and he was
dead, lie was warm yet. and he. had a
wound on the side of his head, right over
the left eye. We started to. make an in
vestigation of the premises. We went
Into in" kitchen and found a pool of
blood in the place where wo were told
W. A. Clark had been found lying, and
we found a pipe that was partially filled
with tobacco. The pipe was on the floor,
not far from the pool of blood. Inline
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 29, 1898.
diately outside of the door of the kitchen. ,
the room where the body of W. A. Clark i
had been found, we found a pistol— a 32
caliber pistol, a five-shooter. There were
four loaded cartridges in the ptStoL
Q. — What did you then do or where did
you go after making that Investigation
there at the house?
A.— ln company with Dr. Osborne I '
went back and examined the body again :
to see if it was possible to ascertain |
whether it was a case of suicide or r, > ■ t .
and came to the conclusion that there
was a possibility that the act mipht have
been a suicidal one. I went ovc-r to the
railroad depot and notified the conductor
to look out for George Clark, as he
suspected of having been the guilty
party.
Q — What occurred after your arrival at
the cottage of George W. ("lark (ii that !
morning In company with Dr. Osborne?
A.— Dr. Osborne knocked at the door of
George Clark's cottage and said. "L,et us
In." "All right," he says, and he got up
and opened the door. I says to him:
"Hieorge. to be honest with you, your
bn.thor is dead. Somebody has killed
him." "Is that so?" says George. "I
guess I will co over there." Then says
I. "George, where were you last night?"
He says. "I was home." I says. "What
time did you get home?" Says he, j
"Right after the )>ra\.-r meeting at the
Advent church— say about IS o'clock."
"Well." I says. "dress yourself, any
how." In the meantime he was dr<
and we were talking to him. and I says.
"George, would you know your pistol if j
you should ever see it again?" And he i
says. "Yes." I handed him the gun that
I had found at the house of W. A. 'lark.
hthl then I says. "Is this your gun?" 11^ |
looked at the gun that I handed to him i
very carefully and he says, "It Is not my i
gun." I then put it back in my pocket '
and after he got through putting on bis i
clothing I observed that there were two !
pairs of shoes in the room, one pair being i
near the stove, that had considerable
mud on them, and another pair standing
under the table, which looked to me to
be like Sunday shoes. I said nothing
until he got ready to put on his shoes,
and when he reached down to pick up
these muddy shoes I says, "George, are
those the shoes that you wore last
night?" And he says, " "Yes. It's the
same shoes." "Well," I says, "you lust
put on these, shoes that are under the
table here." which he did. "T will have
to take care of you for a while. You
know, of course, that the people are sus
pecting you," I said. He says. "I am in
nocent." Later on he admitted that the
pistol which had been shown to him was
his. He previously contended it was n<>t.
We took his mud-covered shoes and fit
ted them in the tracks. They fitted ex
actly. The footprints apparently were
very recently made. They were" traced
i from W. A. Clark's residence to George's
j cabin.
During Marshal Johnson's cross-ex
amination, while Attorney Hogan was
questioning on the matter of foot
prints. District Attorney Bell reached
over to examine the shoes, still cov
ered with dried mud, about which
there has been so much talk. Attorney
Hogan objected to Mr. Bell's gaining
Illustrating the Fratricide's Act.
possession of the shoes and for a mo
ment the two lawyers stood angrily
glaring at each other, each with a firm
hand upon exhibit D. The remote
cause of the trouble was an indenta
tion along the renter of the sole of the
right shoe. The Marshal had denied
noting a corresponding mark in the
tracks which he had been minutely de
scribing.
Mrs. Clark was called into rourt for
just a moment to identify her hus
band's pipe, which was found on the
kitchen floor of the Clark house She
stood, tall and ungainly, while she was
being questioned, answered in mono
syllables and passed out again.
Constable Spurr was the next wit
ness. He, too, had noted the pecul
iarity of fieorge Clark's right foot,
which, turning upon the ankle, has left
an uneven impression, the foot-print
slightly depressed on one side.
"You placed the shoe in the mud and
then saw tht- tracks?" Spurr was asked
in cross-examination.
"No, sir," ho replied decidedly. "The
tracks were there first."
"Were there no other tracks?"
"Ypf ; there were tracks of my own
feet from tlie nipht before, when I
had walked in the middle of the road,
but I found that by putting one foot iii
one track I could not reach the next
with my other foot. The man who
made those tracks must have been run
ning."
And the constable. In illustration,
leaped from th<> witness seat almost to
the reporters' table, to show thp space
covered at one stride by the murderer
in the cold dawn of that day a week
ago.
The rest of Constable Spurr's testi
mony was corroborative of the Mar
shal's story.
Marshal Johnson Is an excellent wit
ness. H<- is sparing of unnecessary
words and yet his testimony makes the
best pen picture of the second phase f
the Clark case. Mrs. Clark's evidence
on Thursday and the Marshal's on Fri
day, together make up the (Mark case.
To any one who reads the words this
woman, freely and without compul
sion, uttered yesterday, the motive for
George Clark's crime is clear. The Mar
shal's account is simply the logical re
sult of that question of the murderer's
to his brother's wife, "if Will was out
of the way would you marry me?" and
her answer. "Yes."
For the answer was "yes," not once,
but many times, though later It became
"no," pa: t!y because Mrs. Clark "want
ed to lead a Christian life," but also
because her husband's brother was of
a quarrelsome nature, and as she told
him. "I've lost all love for you; you've
been so mean to me."
With Constable Spurr'a testimony the
people's case ended. The two daugh
ters of Mrs. <"lark. who had been sworn
the day before as witnesses, and who
sat in a room above the hall with their
mother, an unhappy, dejected, pitiable
trio, waiting to bo called down into the
crowded courtroom, were spared the or
deal.
There was an expectant pause, and
then the following dialogue took place:
Attorney Bell— The People rest.
Attorney Hogan— We have no evi
dence to offer.
Attorney Bell— The State submits the
case without argument.
Attorney Hogan— l want to submit it
without argument myself, but I
don't know that there has been any
case produced here. I move that the
defendant be dismissed.
There was an incredulous smile that
was half a sneer on the faces of the
audience, now as interested as they
had been tli«- day before.
"On the ground that there has been
no proof here in any manner in the
world that <;»-<rrge Clark committed the
offense. There \* no testimony v>f the
fact that he k'lled this man."
Attorney l>tll— Ready for a ruling
on the motion for dismissal.
The Court— Oh, I deny that motion.
Justice Chlnn drew paper and pencil
toward him and wrote:
In the Justice's Court of Hot Springs
Township, County of Napa. State of Cali
fornia. !). J. Chlnn, Justice of the Peace:
It appearing to me that the offense in the
within deposition mentioned, to wit,
murder, lwis been committed, and that
there la sufficient cause to believe the
wlthln-named George Willard Clark,
guilty thereof, I order that he be held to
answer to the hum, and be not admitted
t.i ball, and be committed to the custody
 f the Sheriff ot the County of Napa,
Stat«- >>f i "aliforiiia.
Dated this -sth day of January, 1898.
H. J. SHINN.
Justice of the Peace in and for Hot
Springs Township, County of Napa, State
of California.
And there wasn't a sound In the
courtroom— not a hand-clap, not even
the unconscious sigh of relief an au
dience gives when a strain has been
remodeled. Those who have accused
St. Helena of a tendency to backslide
into the old, lawless spirit of ten years
ago owe the stanch, decent town an
apology. Pretty little St. Helena has
vindicated herself. Though her tem
per has been sorely tried by this fes
tering sure— the Clark case — she has
conducted herself with patience, with
trust and with sobriety. She has
atoned for the one lapse into barbar
ism. She has redeemed herself.
"To which ruling of the court." At
torney Hog&n went on. perfunctorily.
"the defendant objects upon the ground
that there is not shown, by the testi
mony that has been given to the court,
any sufficient cause tor making the or
der that the court has made."
"Court's adjourned," said Justice
Chirm.'
It was just twenty minutes past 3
o'clock. The courtroom was emptied
rapidly. Men were satisfied that the
murderer should be held for trial. But
they had not expected any other re
sult. There was not the slightest dem-
onstration. The prisoner, who has sat
for two days, perfectly still, apparently
leas Interested than -ny other person
in the hall, made Dot tlv slightest
chance In his ,-ittkude. His sallow, un
healthy, troubled fare showed not the
least expression of disappointment or
grief. He blinked as hi> sat gazing dully
before him, his narrow-chested, slight
figure curled up in his chair.
George Clark looked as though he
were thinking, or trying to' think,
which effort must be purgatory to his
defective Intelligence. It appears as
though ho were only Just awakening to
a comprehension of what he has been
and what he has done. At all events
the deep lines of trouble In that
wretched face betoken a sincere re
morse. And that remorse — despite the
horror of his double crime, the long,
slow killing of his brother's honor, and
the short, sure shot that crashed
through the skull just above that
brothers left Umple— that remorse
may be th<- cowards shrinking from
the consequences to himself of his
cruel act, but it has also, I believe, a
grain in It of that exquisite soul-re
pentance which is the beginning of
atonement.
MIRIAM MICHELSON.
REFUSED A KISS, HE
ADMINISTERS A SLAP.
H. Maitland Kersey Accused of Assaulting a
Cook and Arrested in a Suit
for Damages.
NEW YORK. Jan. 25.-H. Maltland
Kersey, formerly th<^ apent of the White
Star line in this city and who is now the
bead of the Klondike Mining Syndicate,
composed of well-known European capi
talists, was arrested last night in a suit
for KMO damages for alleged assault
brought against him by Julia Gleason.
his firmer cook. The arrest took place
in the corridors of the Waldorf-Astoria
Hotel, where Mr. Kersey had gone to at
tend the Manufacturers' Association ban
quet. Mr. Kersey gave hall in $5000 cash
to the Deputy Sheriff and took part in
the <iinn<r without further interruption.
Mr. Kersey's lawyers have put in an
answer denying th«» complaint. The al
legatlou m:n\o in tJie complaint is that
Mr. Kersey attempted to kiss his cook,
and that because she prevented him he
■lapped her face.
PETTIGREW'S RESOLUTION
AGAINST ANNEXATION.
Contrary to the Policy of the Nation to Ac-
quire Territory That Requires a
Navy to Protect It.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2S.— ln the Senate
i..-.iay Pettier** Introduced the foiiow
• lotutlon:
■'Resotred, That i* II contrary to thein
policy and tradition of the people
of the rnit.-<! Stat. ■ to acquire any ter
ritory so situated M t<> require a navy to
protect it "
The resolution went over.
FRENCHMEN
SLAIN BY
FANATICS
Chinese Pirates Sack
the Town of Hai
phong.
At Least Three Europeans
Fall Before the
Invaders.
The Torch Is Applied and Half
the Buildings in the Place
Burned.
TROOPS SLOW TO ACT.
Native Soldiers Walt for Hour* Before
Moving Against the
Murderer*.
Br*clal Dispatch to The Ca.lL
TACOMA, Jan. 28.— The steamship
Breamer brings news that fanatical
Chinese pirates claiming to be in
spired by heaven attacked Haiphong:
with the intention of exterminating the
Europeans. They were 300 strong and
began their attack early in the morn-
Ing of December 16, meeting but little
opposition from the native troops until
late In the forenoon, when part of the
town had been destroyed by fire and
at least three Frenchmen had been
killed.
The pirates carried banners pro
claiming their mission. Inscriptions
reading: "Let us obey the order from
heaven," "Exterminate the Euro
peans," "Exterminate the Nguyuen
Dynasty of Maca," were carried, and
on the bodies of the dead were found
chips of bamboo bearing the charac
ters, "Soldiers of Heaven."
Landing parties attacked the town
from four quarters, immediately apply
ing the torch. The mat sheds and
housee burned readily, and the pirates
made rapid progress toward the heart
Of the city. One band was met by a
detachment of 200 native troops and
repulsed. Another killed E. Gauthier,
a Frenchman, after pursuing him for
some distance, and brutally hacked
his body almost beyond recognition.
An employe of Faussemange, a French
merchant, was fatally injured, and an
other unnamed Frenchman killed. The
road leading to the cemetery was left a
waste.
The native troops were slow to re
spond and even to learn of the attack,
though the pirates had been for eight
days encamped at Elephant Hill, mak
ing no secret of their Intention to at
tack the town and proclaiming their
heaven-inspiring mission. When the.
troops did realize the gravity of the
situation they responded in small num
bers, and reinforcements had to be
summoned before the Invaders were re
pulsed.
Attacks were made upon several near
by and small posts. Much property
was destroyed, the residences of Euro
pean families being the special object
of the pirates' hatred. A number of
buildings were burned in these villages,
and such valuables as were portable
were carried away.
The frequent recurrence of piratic
outrages In Hongkong and Canton har
bors has given rise to the story that
organized bands of pirates are preying
on their environs. The junk trade has
been considerably demoralized, for no
sooner do junks get up or ilown the
rtm, away from Canton, than they are
frequently beset by pirates and looted.
Several junkmen have been murdered,
and the balance are greatly scared.
Nothing less than another chasing by
warships seems likely to stop thf-se dep
redations. Piracy in West River was
stopped last summer by the effectual
work of a Chinese cruiser, whose crew
captured and executed the pirate lead
ers.
SHOOTS AT OFFICERS WHOM
HE MISTAKES FOR BURGLARS.
Santa Cruz Man's Poor Marksmanship
Prevents the Taking of
Life.
SAXTA CRUZ. Jan. 28.— A neighbor
passing Mrs. C. L. Hamlln's house or
Spruce street this morning saw a light In
a room, and thinking that burglars were
thore notified a policeman, who demand
ed entrance to the house. After a wait
a man made his appearance at the front
door and started to run. The officers
seized him and the man fired four shots
from a revolver and broke away. Offi
cer PouKherty chased him for two blocks,
finally overtaking him. The officer learn
ed that the man was In charge of the
house and had mistaken the officers for
bu-glars The reason he had the lisrht
burning was that he Intended to arise
♦ iirly. Luckily all of the shots landed in
the 'porch.
MUST ACCEPT PRINCE
GEORGE AS CRETE'S GOVERNOR.
LONDON. Jan. 2S— A dispatch to the
Dally News from Odessa says it is re
ported that M. Zlnovieff. Russian Em
bassador to Turkey, holds an ultimatum
in readiness to be delivered to the Porte
in certain contingencies, to enforce the
Sultan's acceptance of Prince George of
Greece as Governor of Crete.
Of Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 28. — California
postmasters have been appointed as fol
lows: C. D. Bonestell. Ventura; W. J.
Gould. Imusdale, Monterey County.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California — Ordinal. Michael O'Brien.
Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles. $S; Pantaxi
Manuel Matslron. Vallejo. $8; Henry J.
Jones Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles. $6.
Oregon — Original. Sohuyler Sumner,
Klamath Kails. $; William Munger
(deadt. Portland. $12. .
Washington— Original. James S. Fet
torlv Seattle. $0. Increase, James H.
Phiilips. Winlock. $6 to $12. Reissue,
Baldln Spence, Loomis. $S.
Dole yisits Fort Meyer.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 28.- President
Dole this afternoon visited Fort Meyer,
where he witnessed the famous Cossack
drill of the Sixth Cavalry, and Afterward
took luncheon with Colonel Sumner. This
evening ho remained at his hotel.
Hawaii and Japan.
Dispatches from Washington state that there
are about to be Important development* In the
Japanese imbroglio with the Government of the
Hawaiian Islands. However this may be. cer
tain it Is that the disturbance of the stomach
caused by simple Indigestion will develop Into
chronic dyspepsia unless checkmated at the
start. The finest stomachic la Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters, which promptly rectifies ' gas
tric trouble, and does away with Irregularity
of th* bowaU tod lira,
%££_ _' _ NEW TO-DAY.
♦♦♦»»♦»♦♦♦+»»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ .f / r^_
£ Will you look into our X \ Jjl^
£ Klondike department on £
♦- the third floor ? It's an in- ■♦■ TT ,<j OTI
terestin* sight. It's the X ITI Tl r^\ I y^\//*^\
♦■ only complete department X CvJJ L, ILJJ II I (C_2(v~l
+■ in San Francisco. You are ■*■ *"
£ doubly welcome to inspect 4- y«^? 'ft
t^MMMM »♦♦♦♦♦»»♦♦»♦♦ T
■ Score one for the Frisco boys.
m It's always been our good fortune to score triumphs,
I We aim to deserve them. ' V - ,
=
■ \ Our particular triumph during Jubilee week has
. ■ | been our sale of the very finest class of tailor-made gar-
\ ' merits of both Suitings and Overcoats, garments that
I \ nothing in town at $20 will compare with. They are
" j I gems of fine tailoring, the fashions and styles emanate
i■ I from the master -minds of high-class tailoring.
! T To-day again these excellent garments at
ill $11.85.
Till Ten Thirty ■
To-Night.
j | ■ I ! Those exquisite Overcoats in the richest of blue, blaoh
H I and brown kerseys with sleeve linings of satin, equal to
I anything in town, at $20. Till closing time to-night at
\ $UJSS.
■
■ Till closing time to-night those very fine Prince
I Albert Suits, what every gentleman requires for proper
* I evening dress. .
I In conjunction with a lot of pretty business Suits, in
■ conjunction with a lot of very stylish, and high-class
I ) Cutaways, with double-breasted vest— nothing in town
" ! 'at $20 will compare with 'em.
■ These till closing time to-night at
: $11.85.
'■ ~ ~ ~
3-11-13-15 KEARNY SfX
THE FRISCO BOYS.
FREE
TO=DAY, January 29,
With Every 25c Purchase—
A 25c Guaranteed Toothbrush,
A 25c Package Peri Sachet,
A 50c Handsome Calendar,
Or a 35c Children's Picture and
Story Book,
AT
Waller Bros.,
Leading Cut Rate Druggists,
33 GRANT AYE., COR. GEARY.
+»» + »»*Mt-t-Mt-»» ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
I GOOD IDEAS ! :
If LOW PRICES ! I
I We Can Print Anything. x
+ ~~ ♦
X 500-page Briefs or Transcript at 24 £
♦ Hoars' Notice. t
X ■" +
X BOOKS, JOB, CATALOGUE AND X
1 X LEGAL PRINTING. ♦
A. • A.
f ■ - ■ ■ >
! X Telephone Main 358. X I
+ , ■ +
X L. W. LOVEY, M£r., ±
| STAR |
t PRINTING OFFICE, ||
■ ■"- 429 Montgomery Street. ♦
: 4.44 »♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
OQQ MARKET ST.,' OPP. * PALACE
: 000 Hotel. Telephone (70. Residence Ml
i Valencia street. Telephone. "Church" I*.
-* . —^i- i M.iT-T*v,i !■ fcin irTiMi ■„,■ .-nan „ iTiHi'h i.uw ■■' HhTlmd I fTTri
AUCTION? ?
REAL ESTATE,
Probate, Partition, Foreclosure and
Commissions 's Sale,
MONDAY, JANUARY 3 1st, 1898.
At 12 o'clock M.
At Salesroom, 14 Montgomery Str^^t*
the Following Properties i
PARTITION SALE.
' Southeast comer of Dramm and Commercial s>i— lst
eld Improvements; rents (124.50, 30z75w1th an L 23x39:1C
PARTITION SALE.
South line of Mission street,7s feet westerly from Tint
street; improvements used for manufacturing purposes!
portion of lot unimproved; size, 96:3x80.
PARTITION SAUE.
906 Devisadero street,between Golden. Gat e avenue »nd
McAllister street; elegant new modern residence of II
rooms and bath, including billiard room, laundry, etc.:
25i100,
PARTITION SALE.
. Market and 15th streets; fine business lot; south***!
corner of Market «nd 15th streets; 50x100.
COMMISSIONER'S SALE.
By order of P. F. Skelly, Commissioner of the estate
of Mary A Kodgers, deceased; 3 lots, southwest corner
of Pierce and Filbert streets, as a whole or in subdivis-
ions; size?, 37:6x112:6 and, 2 each 25 by 112:6. -••
TO CLO'E AN ESTATE.
Northwest corner of Third and Silver streets; improve-
mfints,su)>stantial brick building, stores and flats on 3rd
street, store and flat on corner and three flats on Silver
street; rents, $23C per month; 75x75.
THEO. 1.. BCBELL ESTATE.
2107 -7H Webster street.between Sacramento and Clay
streets; 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents, $35 pel
month; 25x90:6, to an alley.
THEO. L. SCHELL ESTATE.
As a Whole or in Subdivision.
I— Northeast corner of Broadway and Octavla street;
residence of 9 rooms and bath; rent,Sso per mnnth;4sxloo.
2— Lot east side of Octavia street. 100 feet north of
Broadway; 22x112:6.
MICHAEL HART ESTATE.
40 Natoma street, between First and Second streets;
S-atory and basement of 14 rooms; 34x75; lent. $30.
MARGAKET TOOMKY ESTATE.
1121 Treat avenue, between 24tb and 25th streets; cot-
Use of 4 rooms; 25x112.6.
MUST BE SOLD. '
3450 Mission street, west side, 40 feet north of Brook
street, fronting on Mission street and oli! San Joseroad;
cottage of ' rooms; mortgage, ftOOO, Hibernia Bank, can
remain; large lot, 60x178, irregular.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE
Fine Mission building lot; west line of No« street; 51
feet south of Henry; street bituminized; 25x96. - SSSSBS»
GOOD IMVrSTMK»TOX KAST LINE OP
BKOOEKICK STREET..
Between Sacramento and Clay streets ; old house of 5
I rooms and out-buildings; lot 55:4 Hxl 10 feet; street ac-
! cepted; stone sidewalk laid; convenient to several lines
' of cars ; magnificent location for flats, -
INSIDE CORNER.
Northeast corner of Pacific and Jones streets ; double
| cottage of 6 and 5 rooms and bath each; rent, {36; 45x60;
i good corner fur bakery or confectioner.
Further particulars, catalogue, etc., cheerfully five*
at our ofFiCe. ~ - ' * -. • ■ * •
U. H. UMBSEN • CO , Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery Street
34
AFTERMATH
OF HANNA'S
ELECTION
But the Senator Is Not
Connected With.
Bribery.
Witnesses Do Not Claim
He Was the Principal
in Negotiations.
Otis and Campbell Tell of Their
Dealings With H. H.
Boyce.
ALLEGED BRIBE PRODUCED
Some of This Money May Be Used
in Pushing a Libel Suit
Against a Newspaper.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLUMBUS. O-, Jan. 28.— The two
star witnesses in the alleged Senato
rial bribery Investigation were exam- i
lned by the Senate investigation com- j
mlttee to-day. They are Representa- i
live J. C. Otis of Hamilton County, who
claims to have been offered a bribe to
vote for Senator Hanna, and Thomas
C. Campbell, the attorney who acfed as
the legal representative of Otis. There
was nothing in the testimony of either
witness to even indicate that Senator
Hanna. Major Dick or Major Rath
bone had any connection with H. H. j
Boyce, through whom it was alleged
the negotiations were conducted. In
fact. Attorney Campbell, who came all
the way from New York to testify,
took occasion to say that he did not ;
believe Senator Hanna was interested
in or knew Boyce. Campbell produced
a roll of bills in denominations of 5100
and $50 aggregating $1750, which he
claimed Boyce had paid him durfng
the negctiatior.s. Campbell said if j
Boyce returned to Hamilton County ho
would be glad to return the money. ;
otherwise he would use a part of it
In pushing a suit for damages against
a Columbus paper.
Representative Otis testified he had
met Henry Harrison Boyce in Cincin
nati first on the evening of January 7,
last. About 11 o'clock on the morning
of that day, Friday, he received a long
distance telephone message from a man
at the Southern Hotel in Columbus.
who said he was Colonel Boyce, that
he had come on from New York and
wished to see him on important busi
ness. Mr. Otis told him to come to sec
him between 5 and 6 o'clock. Otis went
to the Gibson House and to Boyce's
room, No. 226. He met Boyce, and the
latter said to him that, though he was
a stranger to Otis, he wished to see him
on very important business; that he
represented J. Pierrepont Morgan of j
New York; that Mr. Morgan had great
interests in Ohio which he desired to
have looked after, and that he was also
a friend of Mr. C. C. Shane of New
York. During the conversation the ,
Senatorial matter was touched upon.
and Boyce asked as to Mr. Hanna's
chances, to which Otis replied that h>
did not think them very good.
Boj'ce said that night, or the follow
ing night, Mr. Shane was to havo> an I
interview -with President McKinley;
that both the President and Mr. Shane
were interested in the Ohio situation,
especially the former. Personally,
Boyce said he did not care who was
elected. After telling' Mr. Otis a num
ber of other stories after the same fash
ion they separated with an understand
ing that another meeting would be held
the following afternoon, Saturday, at ;
1 o'clock. Th^n it was that Mr. Otis
decided he needed a lawyer and went to
see Mr. Campbell. A meeting took
plac the next afternoon at the (llbson
Ttomw* The conversation was larir-'ly
along the same line as at the preceding
meeting. Finally Boyce and Campbell
were Introduced and most of the busi
ness after that was transact--*! bei
them. On cross-examination by Sen
ator Garfield, Mr. Otis said that noth
ing was said about Dick or Hollenb'-ok,
or Daugherty or Major Rathbone, and
that Boyce did not proclaim that he
came as the agent of Senator Hanna or
that Senator Hanna had any connec
tion with the matter.
Mr. Campbell's testimony was large
ly a repetition of that riven by Mr.
Otis. He said that Boyce and Otis
came to his room, and that during the
conversation Boyce said he had a
strong and loving regard for the Presi
dent, and talked so strongly about this
that finally Campbell began to think
he was overstating himself. Otis» finally
left the room, and Campbell then asked
Boyce directly what he wanted. Boyce
finally said he had come to help Hanna
In his election. Campbell said to
him: "Did you not come from the
President?" to which Boyce replied that
he had, but in which Mr. Campbell de
clared he took no belief. Boyce at
last eaid he would pay Otis |250f for
his vote, and admitted that that was
the proposition he had come to make.
Mr. Campbell said he did not think
Otis would accept any proposition. This
Interview with Boyce was on Saturday
night. On Sunday Campbell went to
the fJibsor House, and had another
conversation with Boyce. Campbell
told Boyc^ Hint Otis would not listen
to the proposition made and he did not
know to what proposition he would
listen.
This concluded the examination, but
it will probably be resumed Monday.
ARGENTINA'S BOUNDARY
COMMISSIONER DISMISSED.
Officials to Be Retired From Chile at a
Time When the War Talk Has
Somewhat Subsided.
CopyrlßhtPil, 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
VALPARAISO, Jan. 28.— Adviros from
Santiago this afternoon are somewhat
startling. They suite that Senor Moreno,
the Argentina boundary commissioner,
will be retired within two days. It is
now believed that the retirement of
Senor Moreno will be followed by that of
the Argentine Minister to Chile, Senor
Pinerra. I am informed by the highest
authority that Senor Moreno started this
afternoon for the Argentina frontier, and
thence will take a special train for
Buenos Ayres. Minister I'inerra is in
Santiago. During the recent agitation
over the Argentina and Chile boundary,
wh'-'n it seemed that war was a possi
bility, the dismissal of Senor Moreno as
a boundary commissioner was loudly de
manded in certain quarters. Just what
his retirement now means is an open
question, as war talk has subsided.
WILL CHRISTEN
THE KENTUCKY
WITH WATER
No Strong Liquor to Be Used in
Con)n)itting the Latest Battle-
Ship to tl}e Sea.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. ; Jan. 28.— Miss Christine Bradley, daughter of
Governor Bradley, who is to christen the battleship Kentucky, has de
cided that BO Spirituous, vinous or malt liquors will play any part in
the ceremonies. On a farm in La Rue County, where Abraham Lincoln
was born, there is an unfailing spring of cold crystal water, where in
his boyhood the emancipator of the slaves was wont to slake his
thirst, using a gourd or oak leaf dipper. A committee will formally
visit the spring, fill a silver vessel with the sparkling water and seal
It with appropriate cefemonies.
Then the vessel will be given to Miss Bradley, who will guard it
until the time for breaking the seal on board the Kentucky. This plan
is said to be indorsed by the Woman's Christian Temperance Union,
which protested against Miss Harriet Richardson's proposition to break
a bottle of bourbon whisky over the warship's bow.
FLAMES FILL
THE TUNNEL
Santa Fe Railway Once
More Blocked Near
Williams.
Scarcely Cleared for Traffic
Before the Fire Breaks
Out Anew.
Workmen Paid a Dollar an Hour to
Risk Their Lives for the
Company.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"WILLIAMS. Ariz., Jan. 28.— Shortly
after 11 o'clock last night the tunnel
at Johnson's Canyon, nine miles west
of here, was ready once more for the
passage of trains, after a week of ar
duous labor by a large force of work
men and great expense for the railroad
company.
Suddenly the smoke began to pour
forth from the entrance, and the ca
tastrophe of last week was repeated.
In an incredibly short period the whole
was a mass of flames, which mounted
high into the air at either end of the
tunnel, with such intense heat that all
efforts on the part of the workmen to
fight the flames were useless. The sup
position is that it kindled again from
the timbers being in contact with the
heated limestone rocks, of which the
sides of the canyon are formed, and
the crumbling of which caused so
much danger to the workmen last week.
Fortunately, there were no men In the
tunnel at the time, as trains were ex
pected to pass through soon, the rail
road company having given notice that
the traffic would be -resumed to-day.
Men are very loth to work at the
clearing away of the debris, and those
who face the danger are paid at the
rate of $1 an hour by the company,
many workmen making from $IF> to $20
a day. The railroad officials and a
of engineers are at the tunnel
ready to begin the work of retlmber
ing us soon as the flames have spent
themselves. The employes of the com
pany at this point are using every pre
caution to see that the passengers are
not greatly inconvenienced during the
transfer, and a good trail has been con
structed around the mountain, over
which the baggage, mail and express
are carried, thus causing no delay in
the mail matter.
LOST TO SANTA
CLARA COLLEGE
Rev. Father Shallo Succumbs
to Pneumonia After a
Brief Illness.
Was Admired for His Erudition and
Beloved by the Students of
the Institution.
I
Sppoial Pispatrh to The Call.
tiAXTA CLARA. Jan. 28.— After a brief
Illness of six days, Key. M. W. Shallo
dk'd at Santa Clara College yesterday. In
!!)•• forty-fifth year of his ;ik'-
Born in Dublin. Ireland. September 13.
LBE2, he spent his early youth at Clor
dackin, where he pursued his studies un
der tilt* learned <' ;i rmellte Fathers. In
September, 1^72, ho consecrated himself
to the work of th<- priesthood In the So
< ii-tv nf Jesus, f-ntcring the novitiate of
the order nt Ifilltown Park. In 1874 he
wont to Kochnmpton. West London, to
review his rhetoric and "Bell's Letters."
under the accomplished Oxford graduate,
the late Key. Father Hunter. Here Fa
!h« r Bhallo had access to the British Mu
seum Library, where he laid the broad
and deep foundation of that erudition
which was the admiration of all who
came «i;!'i'i the sphere of his influence.
in 1876 he set out for California, where
his superiors allowed him an additional
year of study at Santa Clara College, tn
1877 lie went to teach poetry at old St. Ig
natius College, Sari Francisco. His
charming manners and wonderful learn
ing made him the idol of his pupils and
of a large Circle of cultured friends. He
was :---iit In l v >- to the Collegium Maxi
mum at Woodstock. Md.. to perfect him
self in philosophy and divinity and to
prepare himself for ordination to the holy
hood. In 18*7 he returned to Cali
fornia and taught philosophy at B
Clara College for two years. After an
interruption of one year at JTlorlsssno.
Mo., he continued to lecture on philoso
phy until the week before his d<>ath.
Last Friday he was seised l>y the drc.nd
pneumonia and gradually sank until yes
terday his soul winged its flight to 'the
realms of eternity.
Father Shallo "was a man whose emi
nent qualities of head and heart words
cannot sufficiently portray. No one ever
approached him without experiencing a
moral and Intellectual elevation. His
erudition and ripe taste made him an au
! thority on all tjuestions. He wrote a text-
I book of philosophy, which Is a marvel of
conciseness and completeness. He was
• the counsellor and pruide of the students
of Santa Clara College, and their love for
I him was surpassed only by his love for
j them.
The funeral services will be held Satur
day morning at M:M in Santa Clara's
church, and Immediately after the inter
ment will take place in the Catholic cem
etery.
The facsimile rf SZfj^aT* "on every wrapper
signature of Wut/^Z7&S?Z& ** CASTOiIIA.
THE. SAX FEAXCTSCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 29, 1898.
KNAPP AT LAST
UP FOR TRIAL
Mast Answer for Having
Defrauded the City
of San Jose.
Brought to Book. Through The
Call's Expose of Laxity
of Officials.
For Months His Case Has Been
" Pocketed " and the Records
Have Disappeared.
Special Diopatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 28.— The case of
Charles Knapp, who was convicted
over a year and a half ago of obtain
ing money under false pretenses and
which would still be "pocketed" but
for the expose recently made by The
Call, came up on appeal before Judge
Lorlgan to-day.
Knapp, who is an ex-saloon keeper
and a tinhorn politician, obtained $12
from the city treasury for work sup
posed to have boen done by him on
the creek. Investigation showed that
Knapp had done no work, and he was
arrested for obtaining money under
false pretenses. He was convicted and
sentenced to pay a fine of $300 or
serve 300 days in Jail. An appeal to the
Superior Court was taken and he was
released on bonds. The affair was
hushed up, and for over a year and
a half no action was taken. The Call's
expose filtered the situation, and at
the request of District Attorney Her
rington the case was. put on the cal
endar.
A strange feature of the affair, and
one which was the cause of continuance
to-day, rs that all th«? papers In the
case and the bond on which Knapp '..us
released have been stolen. Trustee
Gross says th<» papers left his court in
charge of some officer of the law to be
filed, and the District Attorney says
he never received them, so they must
have been lost in transit. The regis
ter in the County Clerk's office does
not show they were ever filed. It Is
understood that Attorney Edson, who
represented Knapp in the lower court,
has a set of duplicate papers, and
these will be used.
Judge Lorimer continued the case
until next Friday.
A suit against ex-Justice of the Peace
W. H. Dwyer and his bondsmen was
filed in the Superior Court to-day by
the District Attorney. The action !s
to recover various sums to the amount
of $793, alleged to have been illegally
withheld from the public treasury by
the ex-Justice while he was In office.
In the complaint filed it Is alleged
that the ex-officlal has withheld a num
ber of sums that he collected as fines in
his court. He also compelled a number
of persons to pay costs for malicious
prosecutions and neglected to turn over
the proceeds to the county, it is al
leged that in twenty-four instances the
defendant fraudulently appropriated to
his own use ball money that had been
pieced in his hands. Dwyer Is now In
Oakland.
ATTEMPTED TO
KILL HIS WIFE.
Jerry Marshall, a Colored Man,
Fired With Intent to
Murder.
He Was After-ward Arrested for Dis
charging Firearms in th«
City Limits.
Jerry Marshall, a colored man em
ployed a« a waiter at the Hoffman Sa
loon on Market street, shot at his wife
last c-\»-ninp during a quarrel, in their
rooms in the RosedaU; at 321 Ellis street.
Boon after the shot was heard, police offi
cers hurried to the scene, but people in
the room denied that anything had hap
pened.
A search revealed the fact that a small
bullet had lodged in the folding door be
tween the rooms in which the couple had
been stopping, and, after going through
the door, had fallen to the floor.
Upon being questioned the parties at
first said that nothing had occurred in
the building, but afterward stated that
they had heard a shot. I'pon being taken
to the prison Marshall denied having at
tempted to take the life of his wife. K«
charge was mado against the mnn by the
woman, but a charge was placed against
him by the police for having discharged
firearms in the city limits.
Progress of the Wheelmen.
PITTSBT'RO, Jan. 2S.— The attendance
at the 72-hour bicycle race to-night wan
the largest since Monday. To-morrow
tho race will start at 10:40 a. m. in order
to have the wind up before midnight. At
1 o'clock the score was: Waller. 1108.6
Henshaw, S2B; EJkes, 1108.5; Densch, 996.3-
Gannon, 5*81.2; Schlnneer, INW.I; Hall
1108; Ruckel, 967.3; Walters, 1098.8.
HELD AS A
LEADER OF
DESPERADOES
John F. Kennedy in
the Hands of the
Police.
Accused of Having Had
a Hand in Many Train
Robberies.
He Is a Locomotive Engineer
and Comes from the Cracker
Neck. District.
PICKED UP IN THE STREET
Being Thrown From a Horss Some
Very Incriminating Articles Are
Found in His Possession.
Bpecial Dispatch to The Call.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Jan. 28.— John
F. Kennedy, a locomotive engineer,
who comes from the notorious Cracker
Neck district, not far from Blue Cut,
and whom the police have endeavored
to connect with some of the many re
cent train robberies in the outskirts of
Kansas City, was taken into the hos-
pital at police headquarters at a late
hour to-night under circumstances
that have caused a commotion in po
lice circles.
A man was picked up on West Sev
enteenth street to-night in an uncon
scious condition by persons who had
seen him thrown from a horse which
he was riding, the horse having slipped
on the pavement.
The injured man, on being taken to
police headquarters, proved to be John
Kennedy, disguised by a false chin
beard and equipped for an expedition
that could not have meant peace for
his fellow men. In one of Kennedy's
pockets was a black domino mask. Dis
tributed about his clothing were the
several pieces of a disjointed shotgun.
In addition to these were a 45-caliber
revolver and a liberal supply <>f cart
ridges and shotgun shells. He also
carried a lantern.
When Kennedy recovered at the hos
pital he refused to talk, further than
to say that he had started on a hunt
ing trip. The Police have learned that
a second man, who was riding with
Kt-nnedy, rode away at a rapid gait
after Kennedy's horpe fell.
Kennedy has been twice tried for
train robbery. He was indicted for
complicity in the Chicago & Alton
train robbery at Blue Cut on Thanks
giving eve, 1896, when between $20,000
ami 539.0 Mis supposed to have been
sci'urt'd, and for another robbery at
Blue Cut on Christmas "ye of the same
year. He was tried once and the jury
disagreed. On his second trial he was
acquitted. One indictment still stands
against him in connection with these
robberies. The detectives have main
tained that Kennedy was the leai'i-r of
the robbers. Kennedy is detained by
the police.
Kennedy boarded with Andy Ryan,
a foreman ol a brigade of the Kan:-as
City Fire Department, who Is a brother
of thp notorious Ryan of the James and
Younger gang of train robbers. This
-was Andy Ryan's night off.
As soon as Kennetly's mishap was
known all the railroad headquart<rs
•were notified, and through fear that
another robbery might be attempted
at Blue Cut. guards went out on every
train that left here during the night.
President McKinley's Return.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 2S.— The President
is I . ¥ l \\ sf/
is 1 If sfe
I Compare^-a. si/
*■* - ■ Mi-
s ' the New with the Old Five-Cent Piece $
W r .-~™ m i^ b«" B=*V '-' y!"
4 . s!
I PLUG TOBACCO §
ft\ (CHAMPAGNE FLAVOR) tf
§ Forty per cent, larger than before— the new five- tfft
Forty per cent, larger than before— the new five- \j,
/ft cent piece of Piper Heidsieck Plug Tobacco has St
captured the country. Try it. yjj
,$
and party arrived here on their return
trip from New York at 4:45 this after
noon. The run from New York was with
out incident.
SEEKING A SUCCESSOR
TO ADMIRAL MATHEWS.
Secretary long Desires a Competent Man to
Act as Chief of the Bureau of
Yards and Docks.
MKW YORK, Jan. 2S.— A Washington
correspondent of the Herald telegraphs:
Secretary; Long told me to-day that he |
is considering the question of succession
to Rear-Admiral k. O. Mathews as Chief
of the Bureau of Yards and Docks. The :
latter's term of office will end March 16. ;
and he will b« retired on October 24. As
Congress may use additional docks, :
which will have to be built under the ■
direction of the chief of this bureau, the
Secretary is anxious to get a man who
will be able to prepare plans and speci
fications intelligently and be in office long
enough to see that they are properly ex
ecuted. H<> does not propose to have any
trouble such as that which has occurred
in the Brookly Navy-yard with dry
dock No. 3or at Port Royal. Naval Con
structor Bowles might be appointed chief
of the bureau, but his rank in the service
is not sufficiently high. Other officers
whose names have been presented to the
Secretary are Commodore G. C. Remev,
commandant of Portsmouth Navy-yard; ;
Captain A. S. Baker, recently of the bat- !
tleship Oregon, and Commander F. W.
Dickins. assistant to the Chief of the Bu
reau of Navigation.
Secretary I-ong, I understand, favors
placing the Bureau of Yards and Docks ■
under the bureau of Construction and Re
pairs, believing that as naval construc
tors have to dock vessels they should ;
build the docks. Representative Hilborn |
especially is in favor of such transfer.
Varicocele
Varicocele
Varicocele
r— ♦ tVaricocele
% CURES 1 v 
I ma j Varicocele
I WEEK -: Varicocele
+t m • H • !+ Varicocele
NO MAN HAVING THIS DREADFUL,
disorder can afford to refuse himself
the proper treatment, for If he does
; not attend! to his case it is certain to de- i
velop into more serious disorders, which
[ no man wants. Varicocele is a disease I
: that can be cured and cured before your
own eyes. Sometimes varicocele is com-
plicated with other troubles. A man may
also suffer from a weak back, a listless
feeling', he may be the victim of his own
vice or abuses. Drinking, late hours,
abuses bring men to think of their
troubles, and, like men, they wait until
the last moment and then expect a cure
while they wait.
YOUNG MAN, BEWARE !
Beware of the error and pitfalls of
youth, beware of the losses that nature re-
quires to give tone and strength to the
body. Beware of your folly. When a
cure is offered grasp it before you are too
late.
HUDYAN DOES CURE.
No one need mistake this. Hudyan
Remedy treatment is guaranteed to cure.
Hudyan does cure. Hudyan cures man's
diseases and disabilities. Hudyan cures
failing manhood, melancholia, nervous
, debility, spermatorrhoea and those dis-
I orders of men that are called disabilities.
Call at the greatest medical Institute on !
the Pacific Coast for aid.
♦♦♦»»»♦•♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦-♦♦♦♦♦
I WRITE FOR CIRCULARS. I
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦- ♦ ♦ ♦♦♦♦
rncp If you call at office.
rivl_»L» Medical examination.
rncp Consultation. ■
rivL 1- Advice.
CPFF Firs' treatment.
rKLL Electric bath.
PRF.F Vapor Bath.
I-lYijL. Ozo Bath.
Free Talk.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Junction Stockton. Market and Ellis Streets.
NEW TO-DAY.
F^H» : 1 The Watchdog For The Klondike.
Jf J&^gsKfc|j It bites when it barks. It will pro-
wf^gte|sra*V^H tect your claim and supply you with
Jjt^i n food. Send name and address on a
\ postal card for i4S-page illustrated
i !«Ka3aifc I > Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
r|jpHß^| I 418 Market St., San Francisco, Ca!, Jgglfl
«* — i
"You see, to start with," said a Cleveland, Ohio, 'compositor, my work
— that of setting type at the case — allows me little chance for exercise,
and is too confining for anybody who is in the least subject to indiges-
tion or dyspepsia. That has been my trouble for years, and I attrib-
* " ute the recent noticeable improvement in my physical condition to tha
occasional use of
R!Pj4NS Tfihiilps
Illy m%\ lw B vfll/iilv/O
I first heard of them through a fellow-workman who, on hearing my
tale of woe, one day offered me a Tabule and said he would guaran-
tee it to act on the liver. I took it under protest, but was surprised
with the result. It was gentle but effective, and since then I have
gradually noted an entire change in the working of my system, and
I think that pans Taboles are the best remedy for liver and stomach
troubles this side of anywhere. They are really in my case a substi-
tute for physical exercise."
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC j
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon r-crry. Foot 01 Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEU
WEEK DATS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 11:15.
1:10, 5:10. «:IO p. m. Thursday*— Extra trip
•t 11:10 p. m. Saturdays— Eitra trips at 1 M
and 11:30 p. m. -
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 1:10. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. «:»
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SA.* FRANCISCO-
WEEK DAYS— «:IO, 7:80. >:20. 11:10 a. in. 5 1
12:45. 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— trip* I
at 1:55 p. m. and 8:35 p. m.
BUNDATS— B:IO. 9:40. U:10 a, m. 1:40, 1:49.
6:00. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetren Park
same schedule as above.
Leave In effect I , rrlve
San Franclsca OntT 24, Franciaoa
Week i Sun- Tv^Un^tlon un " 1 Week
Days. I days. Destination days. [ days.
7:30 a.m. '8 :00 a.m. 1 Novato. j 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
8:30 p.m. 9:30 a.m. Petaluma, I 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
6:10 p.m. j:U)p.m.j Santa Boaa. I 7:35 p.m. t» :22p.m.
~ Fulton,
7:80 a.m. Windsor, 10:25 a.m.
HealdBburr>
Litton.
Geyservlllo,
8:30 p.m. S:ooa.m. I Cloverdale. ! 7:85 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
j lUopland and I " " -—
7 18 ■00a.m. i Uklah. I 7:35 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7:30 a.m. 1 ] • 10:25 a.m.
S :00a.m. '■ Guerneville. I 7:35 p.m.
» :80p.m. I I ' 6:22 p.m.
7 :30 a.m. 8:00 a.m. Sonoma 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
and
6:10 p.m. 1 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7TS)a.m.|B:oOa.m.] Seba tCDO , 1 10 :40 a.m. 110:25 a.m.
»:30p.m. J5 :00p.m. I S6DMtCpOI I 7 :85 p.m. | 7:22 p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Geyservtlle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Holland for
Highland Springs, KelseyvlUe. Soda Bay.
1 Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for
Vichy Si, Ings, Saratoga &*>iin?9. Blue Lakes.
Xjaui'el Dell lake. Upper Lake, Porno. Potter
Valley, John Day - Riverside, Llerley's Buck-
Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's. Buck-
rell's. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle, BoouevlUo.
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort
Bragg, Westport. Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at rs-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— 66o Market street. Chronlcls
**A. d W FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act.
Im lU .,i- JJiTil CALIFORNIA
; LIMITED.
i-^fflJSlHßv-ljl SAN FRANCISCO
!^*M*l"^ll CHICAGO.
L.~———°— ——-——■-■■'■ uiiluAbUi
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR, ■ '" XVX V
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers,
i\i days to Chicago, 44 days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m., carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast time. Direct connection in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
street, Chronicle building. Telephone Main
1520. Oakland office, 1118 Broadway. Sacra-
mento office, 201 J street. San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SausaHto Ferry.
From Ban Francisco, Commencing September
19. ISS7.
"" WEEK HATS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *7:S. •9:33.
ll:S0 a. m. »1:45. 1:41, •:.:16. 6:00, «;S0 p. m.
Extra trips for San Hafael on Mondays. Wed-
nesdays and Saturday* at 11:30 I'- lit
«l'M> \\
For Mill Valley and Ban Rafael -•«:00. n»:0«,
•ll:S0 a. m.; •1:15. 8:00. »4:W, 1:11 p. m.
Trains marked • run to Kan Quentln.
TIIUOUOII TRAINS
1:15 a. m. weekdays f.ir i'ui»Jfr.i and war sta-
tions: I:4* :•■ in. Saturdays (mlx»d train) fat
puncan Mill, amt way stations: 8:00 a. Co.
Bo&dajrs tot IViitt Reyea and way stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC 'RAILWAY
(VU Hauaullto Ferry).
Leave Sin Kranciuco, commencing Novem-
1 ber IS. 1S»7:
Week Days 9 SO a. m.. 1:45 p. m.
Sunday*— £:o<\ 10:00. 11 :S0 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, • $1.
THOfl COOK & SON, Agents. 621 Market
, street. San Francisco.
BAILBOAD TBAVEL*
soirni:ii.\ I'Afll'lf " COMPANY!
(pacific mm)
Tmlm leave nail mi- •!■•«- to urrlte »•
MAN riIAN4'IN4«».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From January 1. 1398. — abbivb
•6iooa Niles, Ban Jose and Way Stations... »S:4.Ta
7:OOa Beclcia, Sukun and Sacramento. ... 1 0:43 a
T:OOa Marysvll!e, OroTllle and KcUding Tia ,
Woodland ..:.. - -Bs4!ir •
7:00 a VaeaviUe and Rumsey 8:4Br
?sSO\ Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Nap*,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa 6:l»p
SiOOa Atlantic Express, Ogdcn and East.. Bi4!ip
biUOa Kites, .San .lu3f. .Stocktou, lone,
Sacramento. Marysville, Chlco,
Tehama and Red UlufT 4il(»p
•Si3oa Peters. Milton and Oakdale '7:15?
9iOOa New Orleans Ksprecs, Merced, Ray-
mond, Fresno, UakerslieWl, Santa
Barbara, fas Augoles, Demtng,
El l'aso. Now Orleans and East. 4JI4SF
OjOOa Vallt jo. Martinez. Merced and
: Fresno 12«18p
•l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Rt.e«ini»rs *U:OOr
l:O«r Niles, San Joso and Way Stations.. } 0 : 1 5 a
l:aur Martinez and Way Stations 7:43p
S:OOp LiTermore. Mendota, Ilanford and
Visalia 4:13*
....... LiTermore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations tlOi 13 a
4:V4>r Martinez. Ran Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, Xl VeriMio and
Santa Uosa Pil3*
4i*«f Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, MarysTlUc, Oro-
Tfiie n ml Sacramento 10i43a
4iSop Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:13?
4sBOp Latbror>, Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
Fresno, Mojavo (for Rar.dsburg),
Santa Barbara and 1.03 Angelus.. 7i43a
4i*«p Santa Fu Route, Atlantic Kxpreas
for JloJ.-ivo iiinl Kast <1:43p
" Sunset Limited." Los Angeles, El
Paso, Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louts, Chicago and East gl 0:13 a
C3>3wp " Sunset Limited Annex," El Paso,
New Orleans and East §10: 15 a
6iO«p Kuropcau Mail, Ogden and Kast.... 9:43 a
OKMIr Ihiyn.u.lß. Kil.swnd Kan J05e...... 7:43 a
JS:«O v Vallejo 17:49p
8:<»Op Oregon Kxiircm.Sacraineiito, Marys- ■
villf, KcMl-iu, Portland, I'uget
■Sonii.liiii.l Kant Btl3A.
SAN LKABWBU AMI HAIWABsMi LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
i»6:OOa! 7 tIT"b7
8:0« a Melrose, Seminary Park, i»o:43a
IO.ooa! Htchburff, Klraliarst, 11HS«
• 1 1:OOa j San Leantlro, South Kan. 12:4
.B:°.°.. 8 :°.°. j LeaildrOf r^tmi. $%%*
ib'ioop Lorenco, Cherry I <*f*Bp
4:ooi> , f3i43p
BtOOp *»<! I 6:1 3p
O:3op naynards. i »»fg»
7:»»p ' 8:45 v
»:OOp i-Rungi -Rung through to Nllew ! .2 : >«
ttiitisr; '* romJ - Imeioop
COAST DIVIHIOn (.Narrow Uangc).
(Foot of Market Street.)
•tin a NoxTiirk.CeiitcrvillivSiui.loso.Fclton,
_ BonUli-rCrcuk.ASaiitaC'rttz anil Way
* Stations... Si6«t.
•SilSp Newark, Oentertille, San .lose. New
Almadcn, Kelton. Boulder Creek,
Santa Oral and rriucipal Way
Stations "l^iJlO*
4ilßr Newark, Sun Josa ami Los Gatos ... 0:20 v
tlli43p Hunters' Excursion, Sao Jose and
Way Stations .. ?7igQp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIS raiSCISCO— Foot of M«rket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00a.u. Jl:03 *2:30 t3:09
•4:00 tB:OO •t^Orjt
rr.m OIIUSD— Foot «f Broad w»j.— *o:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
U2:00 *l:00 ta:OO *3:53 tl=C3 "3:00 p.m.
COAST DIVISION Broad Gauge).
• (TUirrl and Townacnd Sta.)
Bi3sa Bau Joso ami Way Ntiitions (New
Almadcn Wednesdays only) 6:33 a
•iOOa Han JOS*, Tick Finos, SunU Cruz,
l'acilic <lii>ve. l'aso ICoules, Han
liiits Olikqm, (iumliilni" 1 , Surf and
I'rlncii.al Wny Stations 4ilSp
lOi4Oa Sau Joso mid Wny .Stations *S:OOa
Il>3Oa San Jose and Way .Stations 8:33*.
•a-.aoi- Sun Mateo, Redwood, Mculo Park,
Santa Clara, .San Jose. Gilroy,
Hollister, Santa Crux, Salinas,
Monterey and Tacilic Ciovo ...... *IO:4Oa
•8:13r Ban Jose and Principal Way Stations *O:OOa
' »4:13 - .Sau Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:43 a
•3:OOp Ban Joso and Principal Way Stations l:30p
ktMr Ban Joss and Principal Way stations 5:»Op
<i:SOt> Bau Jose and Way . Stations 7:*«F
111:451- San Jos.- and Way Stations.. 7:20p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• fsuii.luvn excepted. 1 Sundays only, t Saturdays only.
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday uishts only.
■i Mondays and Thursdays. ■•■-. •:.-- .-..--^/ - ■
|Wfvln-«dnvHan.i R-niMays.
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
Prom September 10, 1897, trains will rua as
follows:
Southbound. . j -Northbound.
Pas9en- Mixed statlon . Mixed ( Uassoit
Mr Sunday S tatlons - Sunday | per
Dally. Excp'td Exo'p'td I Dally.-
7:20 a.m. 9:00 a.m. [ Stockton 3:45 p.m. 1 5:40 p.m.
»:1O a.m. 12:50 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. 3:5;* p.m.
10:40 a.m. 3:50 p.m. Fresno \ J:3O a.m. / 2:20 p.m.
11:40 a.m. SJO p.m. Hanford i .-.4.) a.m. 1:15 p.m.
12:15 p.m. 6:45 p.m. .Vlsalia 6:10 a.m. 12:4tl p.m.
Stopping at intermediate points when required
Connections— •Stockton with steamboats ot
C. N. & I. Co.. leaving San • Francisco ana
Stockton at 6:00 p. m. dally; at Merced with
stages to and from Gcellinf.s, Coulterville. etc ;
also with stage from Hornttos. Maripoba. etc!;
at Lankerahim with stage to and from Madera,UNCLE SAM'S SOLDIERS ENTERTAIN THE GOLDEN JUBILEE VISITORS.
UNCLE SA>I contributed by far
the most brilliant entertainment
that has yet been offered the
Jubilee visitors. His soldiers
presented a programme at the
Presidio yesterday that delighted an
audience of over 20.000 people. Every
event had a thrill in- it. and every move
the soldiers made was greeted -with
round after round of applause. It was
a splendid show, and the Presidio troops
■won a great victory.
The street-car lines were not able to
handle the crowds. Hundreds walked
all the way from downtown districts,
over the hills and across the lots to the
military reservation, and they were not
sorry for It. The United States army
does not often entertain the people it
protects by such displays.
The infantry, the cavalry and the ar
tillery vied with each other to win the
plaudits of the multitude, and the ad
mirers of all these branches of Uncle
Barn's military department were about
equally divided.
Colonel Miles, glittering In gold lace
and snowy plumes and mounted on a
black, prancing horse, took up a po
sition immediately In front of the grand
Btand, and gave orders for the enter
tainment to commence. A review and
march past was the opening number.
The rank and file af the First Infant
ry led the line. The battalion is the
oldest military organization in the
United States. Its ranks were first
filled during the revolutionary war, and
George Washington was once its com
mander. Men who have done much to
make American history have risen from
its ranks. It marched *in review, car
rying the glory of all the honors it has
won. After they had passed the re
viewing stand they stepped aside and
gave the parade ground to the two bat
teries of light artillery and the four
troops of cavalry. The artillerymen
and the troopers went by with their
horses in a sedate walk. Then as they
came around the parade ground again
the pace was quickened to a trot, and
the third time they passed the review
ing stand the horses were in a gallop.
Then came an exhibition of cavalry
maneuvers. The four troops of the
Fourth Cavalry dashed up and down
and across the parade ground in fours
and in column, in troops and battalions,
and the crowd cheered as the horses
and men went dashing by.
Then the two batteries of light ar
lery "volleyed and thundered" over the
parade ground. No stint was placed
on Uncle Sam's powder, and the guns
belched out responses to the cheers of
the admiring crowd. Volleys were fired
from every conceivable formation of
defense and attack lines, and the guns
were whisked up and down the field
through clouds of smoke and dust.
Then came an exhibition of a line of
attack by four companies of the First
Infantry, in command of Captain Par
ker. The distance covered in the ad
vance was 1500 yards, but as the pa
rade ground was only 500 yards long, it
was given in three phases. Scouts were
first pent out to discover the enemy,
and they were followed by a thin skir
mish line. It was to be supposed that
the scouts had found the enemy, and
the skirmishers and their following: re
serves had commenced firing when
they advanced the 500 yards. The sec
ond phase illustrated the advance of
TELLER'S
RESOLUTION
IS PASSED
Disposed Of After a
Week's Animated
Debates.
Senators Approve the Plan
by a Vote of 47
to 32.
It Provides for the Payment of
Bonds "At Option" in
Silver Dollars.
ALL AMENDMENTS BEATEN
Closing Arguments in Which Demo
crats Criticize the President
and. Secretary Gage.
Bpecltl Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
! Washington, Jan. 28.
After a debate, animated at all times
and occasionally acrimonious, which
occupied the greater part of the week,
the Senate this evening, by a decisive
vote of 47 to 32, passed the Teller con
current resolution. The resolution is a
practical reaffirmation of that of Stan
ley Matthews in 1878, and is as follows:
"That all the bonds of the United
States issued, or authorized to be is
sued, under the said acts of Congress
hereinbefore recited, are payable prin
cipal and interest, at the option of the
Government of the United States, in
silver dollars of the coinage of the
United States containing 412% grains
of standard silver, and that to restore
to its coinage such silver coins as a
legal tender in payment of said bonds,
principal and interest, is not in viola
tion of the public faitt nor in deroga
tion of the rights of tne public credit."
All efforts to amend the resolution
■were voted down by majorities rang
ing from five to twenty-nine. Lodge's
gold standard substitute being defeated
by the latter majority. The vote on
the Lodge amendment was: Ayes, 24;
noes, fi3.
The events of the day leading up to
the final vote were full of interest and
importance. It was a field day for the
orators of the Senate, no less than
twenty-five Senators embracing the op
portunity to speak upon the subject un
der discussion. The public interest In
the debate, as was attested by the at
tendance in the galleries, which were
crowded throughout the day, and that
r it was important, was evidenced by the
statements of several of the speakers J
that the discussion was but the prelim
inary alignment of the great political
parties for the contest of 1900.
From 10 o'clock this morning until 7
the line of battle in squads, with re
serves increasing the line as they near
the enemy. The third phase showed
the advance of the full line of battle
by successive rushes until close to the
enemy's lines, when the whole forea
engaged In rapid firing; then, fixing
bayonets, made a charge, dislodging
the enemy from its position, and then
sending volley after volley after the re
treating soldiers.
The cavalrymen gave exhibitions of
fancy riding and maneuvers as if in
action. The men of Troop X, in com
mand of Captain Renson, came on the
ground with their horses unsaddled
and gave an excellent performance of
mounted gymnastics, the principal fea
tures of which were wrestling and hur
dle jumping. One of the men. Private
McGee, when thrown by an adversary
in the wrestling contest, fell from his
horse and struck on his head on the
ground. He was unconscious for a few
momei^s, but he recovered while being
carried off the field, and, staggering
over to his horse and saluting his com
mander, was excused from further
drill, and he went cantering off the
field.
The men of the other troops made
charges on imaginary foes with sabers
and pistols, and the whole cavalry ex
this evening: the contest was continued.
When the voting began It was evident
that party lines were being broken on
both sides of the chamber, but It was
on the substitute offered by L,<klk> ■ t
Massachusetts that the most decided
break occurred. On the Republican
side Allison <>f lowa and Burrows <>f
Michigan did not answer to their names
on that roll call, and many Republic
ans voted directly against it. Upon
the final passage of the resolution some
Republicans who supported lfcKinley
and the St. Louis platform in 1896. like
Carter of Montana. Chandler of New
Hampshire. Clark of Wyoming. Pritch
ard of North Carolina, Shoup of Idaho.
Warren of Wyoming and Woloott of
Colorado, voted for the resolution be
cause, as Wolcott announced, they did
not believe the resolution committed
those who supported it to the free and
unlimited coinage of silver.
The first speech of the day in opposition
to the Teller resolution was delivered by
Burrows of Michigan. He said that the
Republican party was pledged to secure
If possible, international bimetallism, and
the President would do everything in his
power to carry out that pledge. Mean
time the existing gold standard would bo
maintained. Until the international agree
ment was secured the purpose of the ad
ministration was to continue the kind of
bimetallism we have now, whereby 500,
000,000 silver dollars were maintained at a
parity with gold. Any proposition which
looks to the abandonment of this posi
tion, which was likely to create a dis
parity between the coins of the country,
was in violation of the public faith and
in derogation of the rights of the credi
tor.
White of California spoke in support of
the resolution, and analyzed sit some
length the position of the Republican
party upon finance. He spoke of the lack
of definiteness of the President's mes
sage on the larger questions. The mes
sage referred to Secretary Gage's plan
and invited inspection. There was no op
position expressed to that plan, "and
doubtless," said White, ''if the President
did not approve the Gage plan he would
have said so." The Senator then referred
ironically to the New York banquet last
night, at which the President spoke.
Fairbanks of Indiana followed against
the resolution. He said the purpose of
the resolution was not frajjkly <-xpr«-ss'<l
on Its face, and it was only in the course
of the debate that it developed that the
essential purpose was to give an expres
sion of the United States Senate favora
ble to the free and unlimited coinage of
silver at the ratio of 16 to L In the
course of his remark?, Fairbanks read a
t'lf^ram received by him from Secretary
Gage as to the methods in paying bonds.
In this Gage stated that gold, when de
manded, is not refused, but, as a matter
of fact, gold is seldom called for, ami few
payments are made in gold. Referring to
Senator Teller's advocacy of free silver.
Fairbanks said that while he did not
question the lofty purposes inspiring the
Colorado Senator, yet they carried him to
the point where all was dependent on
this one question of silver.
Wolcott of Colorado was the first
speaker under the fifteen-minute rule,
which went into effect at 2 p. m. He
thought that any Senator, whatever his
financial views, could vote for the Teller
resolution, and it involved nothing except
carrying into effect the Government's
present obligations. He thought that de
nunciation and abuse heapt-d upon those
who supported the resolution were un
warranted, for he did not think the man
was born who would betray his Govern
ment by offering to pay its obligations i n
spurious money. He referred with scath
ing sarcasm to the sale of bonds by the
Cleveland administration in is:t4, denounc
ing it as one of the darkest pages in
American financial history. He declared
that the men of the West might be en
trusted with the national honor.
Among the other speakers were Fora
ker of Ohio, Chilton of Texas, Nelson of
Minnesota, Allison of lowa, Gray of Del
aware, Allen of Nebraska, Bacon of
Georgia, Tillman of South Carolina,
Galllnger of New Hampshire, Klkins
of West Virginia, Warren of Wyom
ing, Cullom of Illinois, Butler of
North Carolina, Rawlins of Utah. Aid
rich of Rhode Island. Aldrich closed Just
as the clock marked 6. the hour set for
voting, and the Vice-President promptly
announced that the voting would pro
ceed. At this time the galleries were
filled to overflowing, and a largo number
of members of the House, including
Speaker Reed, occupied the area back of
the Senators.
The Nelson amendment was first pre
sented, declaring "that it is the duty of
the Government of the United States un
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JAXTJARY 29, 1898.
hibltlon made a most thrilling close to"
the afternoon's entertainment.
THE WILD WEST SHOW.
Cowboys and Vaqueros Show
Their Skill With the Lariat.
About 1000 persons witnessed the per
formance of the "Wild West Show at
Central Park yesterday. Beginning
with the grand entree, there were eight
een numbers upon the interesting pro
gramme, including the roping and
handling of wild steers by the cowboys
and vaqueros and also the riding of
bucking broncos. Many of the features
of the show were rather tame, espe
cially some of the exhibitions of rough
riding. The lassoing by the vaqueros
and the fancy riding of the cowboys
were, hovever, most excellent and in
ten sting. Frank Steves gave a pretty
exhibition of handling an unmanage
able horse; and there was a Spanish
dance by Senorita de Morales. The
holdup, the capture of one of the
its and his rescue by his sweet
heart a.irain came in for the applause
of the audience. The pony express, the
Indian scalp dance and the race be
l an Indian and a horse were In
teresting features.
der existing laws to maintain the parity
In value of its gold and silver money, so
that th« dollar at dim metal shall for all
monetary purposes . always be equal in
value to the dollar of the other metal."
Vest moved to table the amendment.
The yea and nay vote gave the first test
of the respective elements, resulting 42
to 37 in favor of tabling the amendment.
Then came the Lodge amendment, as fol
lows: "That all the bonds of the United
States issued or 'authorized to be issued
j under the said acts of Congress herein
1 before recited are payable, principal and
Interest, in gold coin or its equivalent,
j and that any other payment without con
sent of creditor would be in violation of
i the public faith and in derogation of his
1 rights." The vote was then taken di
rectly on the amendment, resulting in Its
, defeat— 24 to 53.
Quay now came forward with a new
amendment, as follows: "Strike out all
after the enacting clause and insert
'That all the bonds or other obligations
of the United States issued or authorized
to be issued under the said acts of Con
gress hereinafter recited should be paid,
principal and interest, in the money that
is the highest money in the world.' " Vest
again moved to table. Carried— to 31.
Hoar offered another new amendment
I to go at the close of the resolution as
follows: "That under no circumstances
will the principal or interest of the public
debt be paid in depreciated currency or
in any money other than the best money
of the world." The amendment was
tabled on Vest's motion — to 32.
Foraker proposed an amendment for
merly suggested by Spooner, who was
absent, as follows: "That it is declared
to be the financial policy of the United
States that until there shall have been
obtained an international agreement with
the leading commercial nations of the
world for the free coinage of silver,
which agreement the United States Is
hereby further pledged to promote, the
faith and honor and credit of the United
States are solemnly pledged to preserve
the existing gold standard; and all silver
j and paper currency shall be maintained
at a parity with gold, and all obligations
of the United States shall be maintained
Inviolably at the present standard." The
amendment suffered the fate of those
going before— tabled. 44 to 33.
Hoar presented the same amendment
as the last, proposing it as an additional
section of a separate declaration. This
was lost, the vote being the same as on
the Foraker amendment.
Caffery proposed an amendment as fol
lows: "Provided, that if, at the time of
payment of the principal or interest of
the bonds, the market value of silver is
not at par with gold at the ratio of 16 to
1, the principal and interest shall be paid
gold or silver at the option of the cred
itor. The amendment was tabled without
a yea and nay vote.
This disposed of amendments, and the
decks were cleared for the final vote on
the Teller resolution. The earlier votes
had shown that its passage was a fore
gone conclusion, yet there was the keen
est interest at this culminating feature
of the contest.
"On this vote," announced the Vioe-
President, "the ayes are 47 and the noes
32, and the resolution is agreed to." The
vote in detail:
Aye.i — Allen, Bacon, Pate, B<»rry, Butler,
Cannon, carter, chandler, Chilton. Clark.
Clay, Cockrell, Daniel, Gray, Harris, Heit
ttli, Jones of Arkansas, Kenney. Kyle. Lind
say, MoEnery, McLaurin, Mallnry, Mantle,
Martin. MillF. Mitchell. Money. Morgan.
Murphy. Pajooe, Pettifrrew, PettUß, Pritchard,
liawlins. Iloach, Shoup. Smith, Stewart, Tel
ler. Tillman. Turple, Turner, Vest, Warren
White and Wolcott— 47.
Noe*— Aldrich. Allison, Baker, Purrowß, Caf
fery. Cullom, Davis. Fairbanks, F>Takir. Qal
linger. Gear. Bate, Hnnna, Hanshrough, Haw
ley. Hoar. Lodge Mcßrfde, McMillan. M > n.
Morrill. Nelson. Penrose. Perkins, Platt of
Connecticut, Platt of New York. Quay, Pew
all. Thurston, Wellington, Wetmore and Wil
son—32.
The pairs throughout the voting were
as follows: Turley with Deboe, Faulkner
with Klkins. Gorman with Fpye, Jones of
Nevada with Proctor. WTUthall with
Spoonc-r. The first named would, in each
have voted with those BOStainlnf
the resolution and ajrainst all amend
ments, while the last named would have
voted ag.unet it and for the amendments.
There was no demonstration on the an
nouncement, and, on motion of Allison,
the Senate adjourned until Monday.
Harveston on the Stand.
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 28.-There was
hardly standing room In the Superior
Court when Constable Joseph Tlarveston
v.;.s called to the stand this morning. Al
though a powerful man, he was complete
ly unnerved at times and became much
excited. He was anxious to tell all the
details of his connection with the Plyler
case, even more than his attorneys de
sired. The case will go to the jury to
morrow.
Before the performance commenced
Mr. Charles Roy read an announce
ment describing the show, and telling
what the various features were (intend
ed to illustrate. He pointed out the
historical importance of many of them,
as showing what the early pioneers
had to contend with. There will be an
other performance again to-day.
MANY PRETTY BLOSSOMS.
Prizes Awarded the Exhibits
at the Flower Festival
Large crowds of eager and interest-
Ed people thronged the floral market
all yesterday. This feature is proving
one of the chief features of the Jubi
lee. Mayor Phelan added a most beau
tiful exhibit to the market yesterday,
in some specimens of large and excel
lent lemons grown by him In the yard
of his residence in this city.
Mrs. L. O. Ilmlgkins, Mayor Phelan
and Dr. C Bripham, composing the
committee on prizes, made the follow
ing awards yesterday: First prize, $20,
Frank Pelicano & Co. (this exhibit
was grown by Schwerln Bros.); sec
ond prize, Jls, McLellan Company;
STRIKE ON BARS
IN THE STREAM
Stockton Steamers En- 1
counter a Series of
Disaster.
Repeatedly Delayed by Running
Aground on Sand
Drifts.
River Route Badly In Need of Im
provements of« Permanent
Nature.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON. Jan. 28.— The river
steamers are having more trouble be
tween here and Antiooh this winter
than for several years past. The sand
and debris at several points in Stock
ton Channel and the San Joaquin is
washed in the direct course of the
steamers, and the prospect of exceed
ingly low water through the dry sea
son now prevailing would indicate that
heavy dredging must be done or navi
gation will be seriously interfered
with. It is now common for steam
ers to be several hours late through
being caught in the mud and sand.
The J. D. Peters was hung up all
last night within sight of the steeples
of Stockton, and did not get off until
11 o'clock this morning. She left here
last night on time. At Dutchman's
Bend, about five miles below this city,
the river branches, part of the stream
continuing In the old bed and part run
ning through the cut. Across these
waterways there is a wide bar of sand.
The boats can usually pass over this
in safety or can Jump ft by making a
"run" and sliding over the ridge. The
Peters, however, was too heavily laden,
and she stuck when half way over.
She churned the water and groaned for
an hour trying to free herself from the
bar, and finally settled down to the con
clusion that there was no use trying—
that she would wait for high tide or for
the up boat to take her off.
Early this morning the T. C. Walker
came along, and she wrestled for two
hours with rope and hawser to take
her sister craft off the perch. Finding
it useless, she went on.
The tide was at its height at 11
o'clock this morning, but at 10:30 it
was high enough for the Peters to float,
and she steamed off and continued her
journey to San Francisco.
DEATH STRIKES IN EUREKA.
ETTREKA Jan. 28.— Mrs. L. C. Putnam
died this morning after a lingering ill-
ness, a victim of consumption. Mrs. Put
nam was 24 years of ape. She was the
wife of Lou C. Putnam and a daughter
of Mayor and Mrs. I >.ivid Evans of this
city. On December 17. !X*»6, she left here
for Kobe. Japan, whither Mr. Putnam
had preceded her. and on February 25,
1897, she became his bride. From the time
of her arrival in the Orient she* com
menced to fail, and as no hope for her
recovery was held out by her physician
Bhe was brought back to her native city,
where she arrived on January 2.
Flags on all the city buildings are at
half mast. The funeral will be held Sun
day afternoon.
The fee-simile srrf? fff±_, .?*^'''- ** on every wrapper
signature of Ota/^vi^c^^ of CASTOBIA.
third prize, $10, Charles Abraham,
Western Nursery; fourth prize, $5, Cy
press Lawn Cemetery Association, and
fifth prize, $5, S. C. Hammond.
The following also received honora
ble mention: F. Luderman, Pacific
Nursery, camellias and azaleas; Wom
an's Exchange, John Pouyal. wreath
of galax leaves; Golden Gate Park, out
door flowering shrubs and rhododen
dron falconerii; Gustave Gague and
the Amateur Table.
The music yesterday was furnished
in the afternoon by the Hebrew Or
phan Asylum Band, and at night by
the Native Suns' Band. In speaking of
the success of the floral market the
president of the California Club said
that much of it was due to the courte
sy and generosity of the exhibitors and
the general willingness of all who had
given their services free. The floral
market will close to-day.
READY FOR THE FAIR.
With Pomp the Great Exposi
tion Will Be Opened.
To-night marks the close of the Ju
bilee and the opening of the Miners'
Fair In Mechanics' Pavilion. The ar
GRANTED BIG
CONCESSIONS
Ontario Gives Monopoly
to Builders of a
Railroad.
Five Thousand Square Miles in
the Klondike Gold Fields
Ceded.
All Competition From the British Co
lumbian Coast Shut Out tor
Ten Years.
Copyright. 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
OTTAWA, Ont.. Jan. 28.— Promoters
of the Yukon transportation 6chemes —
and their name is legion— are not the
only persons disgruntled at the terms
of the bargain which the Government
has made with MacKenzie & Mann for
the construction of 150 miles of railway
from the head of navigation on Stickeen
River and Lake Teslin. Murmurs of
discontent at the deal, the details of
which have been doled out piecemeal,
are heard on all sides. Now that the
terms are beginning to be understood,
business men, mining investors and in
dependent newspapers are protesting
vigorously. The company, it now ap
pears, is to have the choice of 5000
squara*niles in the Klondike gold fields,
besides a cash grant of $337,000 from the
British Colombia Government.
These lands are to be exempt from
taxation for ten years, and while other
mining companies and miners must pay
a royalty of 10 per cent, the contractors,
behind whom is the Canadian Pacific
Railroad Company, will only contribute
a royalty of 1 per cent on their gold.
But it is the "monopoly clauses" which
are the most distasteful. The first of
these clauses prohibits for five years
any other railway from Alaska through
Canadian territory to the Yukon. The
second prohibits for ten years any other
railway from the British Columbia
coast to the Yukon, thus blocking the
whole coast access, American and Ca
nadian.
BACKED BY PROMINENT MEN.
An Important Company Organized to Operate
Dredges on the Yukon.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 28.— An Im
] portant company has been organized
here with ample available capital to
operate steam dredgers on the aurifer-
I ous bars of the Yukon River and tribu
taries, and also to operate a line of
steamers on the Yukon. The corpor
ation is known as the Stanley Gold
Dredging and Development Company.
It includes men of national reputation,
such as United States Senator Thomas
C. Carter of Montana, Congressmen
Benton McMillin of Tennessee,
James Hamilton Lewis of Washington,
J. E. Osborr. of Wyoming and W. H.
King of Utah, Judge James B. Reavis
of the Supreme Court of Washington.
Governor John R. Rogers, Dr. J. E. Jor
dan an-1 William M. Stanley of Seat
tle, and Henry Croft of Victoria.
Contracts are soon to be placed in
rangements for the fair are by this
time almost completed and the inte
rior of the barn-like structure has been
transformed into such a realistic rep
resentation of the frozen regions of the
North as to send cold chills chasing
up and down the spine of the Califor
nian who is accustomed to green fields
and blossoming flowers the year round.
The opening of the fair itself will be
a feature of more than passing inter
est. Thousands of miles away Presi
dent McKinley will press a button
which will set the historic bells of the
Pavilion Jangling. Fifty taps will be
sounded on the Golden Jubilee bell,
there will be a burst of fireworks from
the dome of the City Hall, the Jubilee
band will send forth a strain of pa
triotic music, accompanied on the out
side by the ringing of factory gongs
and the simultaneous clanging of all
the bells in the city, and the great
Jubilee will be declared over, while the
mining exhibit makes its debut.
Walter B. Rodgers, who will be the
chief musical feature of Bennett's band,
has arrived in the city and brought
with him a supply of the latest and
most delightful music from New Tork,
to tickle the ears of the music-loving
San Francisco, Milwaukee and Seattle :
for the building of dredgers and steam
ers. The scope of the company for the
development of the placer beds of the
Northwest Territory and Alaska in- |
eludes the establishment of a line of {
steamers between St. Michael and up
per river points.
Mr. Stanley was one of the lucky
Klondik<Ts who came down last sum
mer with $112,000 in nuggets. He spent !
several years prospecting on the Yu- |
NEW TO-DAY.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
O O
!"GOODASGOLD.'I
o o
I That Is What People Say of the Great °
% Man Builder. %
® It is a perfect body sej It has an electric ®
O battery, as perfect as 3s?,|^'^%§f suspensory for weak o
O science aud median- BT^|i> 'iiß men, and the current Q
® ical skill can make it. can be made strong °
O rf'?/}l)\)s or mild at wiiL ; ©
O It cures men of those drains upon their vitality, of ©
° pains in the back, breast and hips; of Varicpcele, which ©
o destroys all pleasure in life; of Nervous Pains and Weak- 2
O ness; of Rheumatism, Lame Back and Kidney Trouble. ©
S IT IS A GRAND CURE! S
o { - :—: — -r 'V- ' o
o , From a Railroad Engineer. o
O * SAN JOSE, Cal.. November 22.. 1897. ©
DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: A year ago last September, when I got your ,_
O Belt. I was suffering from a pain in my back and kidneys that got so severe at O
O nights that I could not sleep. It was aggravated by the constant jar and strain while ©
_ riding on my engine. Your belt has cured me and I have never had better health
W than I enjoy since. I was induced to buy it through seeing a statement of Captain '.'.".
; q Henry Beck of the schooner Newark in the paper. I knew he wouldn't make a ft •
** statement that wasn't true, and if it cured him I. wanted to try it. Now I wouldn't v .
O take a hundred dollars for my Belt and be without it. I will, cheerfully recommend O
_ your Belt to all sufferers. Tours most truly, . . W.G. GETCHELL, 379 N. Fifth st. _
o HUNDREDS OF CURES. o
O. .In every town there are cures. Read of them in Dr- ,©
g Saaden's book, "Three Classes of Men." It is free. Call £
O to-day, or send. Address O
° SANDEN ELECTRIC CO 632 Market St., Opposite O
o Di\L\lJE,L* LLLtinit \j\J., Palace Hotel, San Francisco. ©
_ Office hours, Ba.m.toB p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., *k
*J 204 South Broadway; Portland, Or., 253 Washington st; Denver, Col., 9CI Sixteenth u -
n ■ St.; Dallas, Tex., 285 Main nt.'Tflr^MtLiUiP'i'ailli » -.,.,.. es
**" NOTE— Make no mistake in the umber— 632 MARKET. STREET. v
o o o oo 000 0000 oocoo 0000 o oo oo oo oo oop
Californians. Among the new muslo
Is the Jubilee Overture, by Lindpainter,
which will at once be recognized as a
splendid paraphrase of "America" and
the Grand American Fantasie, by Vic
tor Herbert. Neither of these pieces
has yet been heard on this coast, and
they have attracted much favorable
attention In the East.
Preceding: the fair will be a short
street parade to start at the corner of
Grove and Polk streets at 7:15, and
pass through the principal streets in
the immediate vicinity of the Pavilion
and disband just as the fair opens at
8 o'clock.
The committee In charge of the fire
works to be exhibited from the dome of
the City Hall has met with such
liberal response from the merchants in
that vicinity that it promises something
altogether out of the ordinary line of
pyrotechnic exhibitions.
A prominent feature of the fair on
the opening night will be the four sur
vivors of Marshall's party — the men
who first saw the shining pieces of
metal which have done so much to build
up this paradise of the Golden West.
They will occupy conspicuous seats on
an elevated platform. President De
nicke will have the honor of introduc
ing to the public Hon. Jacob H. Neff,
president of the California State Min
ers' Association, who will deliver a
brief address. Mayor Phelan will fol
low and introduce Governor Budd. Gen
eral W. H. L. Barnes will deliver the ora
tion of the evening, and a quartet will
sing "Hail California." The entire
audience will sing the "Star Spangled
Banner," in order to give a national
effect to the programme.
The programme of music for th«
evening is as follows:
1. Overture, "Jubilee" (first tlme)..L.lndpatnter
2. Xylophone solo James Reed
5. Grand American Fantasie (new)
Victor Herbert
4. "Waltz, "Tales of Vienna Woods" Strauss
6. Cornet solo "W. B. Rodgera
6. Hungarian Rhapsodic No. 3 Liszt
7. Idyl, "Evening Bells" Eilenbera
8. Miners' march, "Miners' Exposition"..
Rodgers
Ready for the President's Touch
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2S.— All ar
rangements have been completed at
the White House for touching the but
ton to start the Mining Fair at San
Francisco to-morrow night. The tele
graph companies have had direct wires
placed in the executive mansion reach
ing from the White House to the fair
building without relay. The Califor
nia delegation in Congress and repre
sentatives of the San Francisco news
papers have been invited to be pres
ent when the President touches the
button at 11 o'clock to-morrow night.
This will be 8 o'clock at San Francisco.
The President and the employes of the
executive mansion are taking a keen
interest in the fair.
A Pioneer Printing Press.
AUBURN, Jan. 27.— The old newspa
per hand press that was brought
across the plains in 1846 by Sam Bran
nan, and which is now owned by Hon.
J. A. Filcher of the Placer Herald, was
to-day shipped to San Francisco to be
placed on exhibition at the Mining
Fair. W. H. Dickerson, who worked
the press thirty years ago, will accom
pany it, and it is proposed to print a
fac-simile edition of the California
Star, the first paper published in San
Francisco. The Star was afterward
merged into the Alta.
kon and has acquired vast interests and.
much valuable information. It is the
purpose of the company to engage on
a large scale in working the gravel and
sand en the bars in various streams to
gather up the fine gold that will bring
ample reward to the enterprising men
encaged in this gigantic project.
About 60,000 stamps are found loose
in the letter bags of the United King
dom each year.
56
SATURDAY IANUARY 29. 'fr>B
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main IS6B.
LDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson «trea
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY^ Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by rrjall, $1.53
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Buildinft
WASHINGTON D. C. OFFICE Rl££s House
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Morjtgomery street, corner C!a\r.
cpen until 9:30 o'clock- 339 Hayes street; open until
P3O o'clock. 621 MoAillster street: open until 9:30
c'clock- 615 Larkln street; open until 930 o'clock
£W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open until
I o'clock- 2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock
106 Eleventh st.; open until 9 o'clock. 1505 Polk street
cpen until 930 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second
cod Kentucky streets; open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "Trip Olrl From Paris."
California— "Couriftd Into Court."
Alcazar— "The Arabian Xlfrhts ."
Moroßco's— "Brother for Brother."
Tivoll— "Brian Bora."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Bush— Thalia German-Hebrew Opora Company.
Olympla, cor. Mason and Eddy streets.— Klrchner's Ladies'
Orchrstra.
The Chutes— Chlqulta and VauCeviile-
Jrfpchanloß' Pavilion— Mining Ealr and Klondike Exposition-
Lybeek Cycle Skating: Rink— Optical Illusions.
Pacific Coast Jockey Club. InpletUde Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By G. n. Umbnen, Monday. January 81, Real Estate, at U
Montgomery street, at 12 o'clock.
FIXING THE BLAME
THERE is an extremely delicate point of law in
the case of a man who was knocked down by
another and died almost at the instant of the
impact of his head with the floor. A question has
naturally arisen as to whether death was due to the
blow or the shock which, most unhappily, succeeded
the blow. It may even be alleged, such are the nice
ties of the law, that there is nothing to show any
connection between the original thump and the
tumble. Possibly had the forceful fist never been
shot out the person who received it, marked by an
inscrutable providence to have his head cracked,
would have slipped on a banana peel at the instant
or keeled over in a fit or been hit by a piece of
plaster or had a house fall on him. It is hard to fool
the decrees of fate.
Again, when a man strikes another where does the
responsibility end? It might be contended with rea
son as strong as some which have proved effective
that it ends with the delivery of the blow. If the
recipient happen to be sent wrong end up through
space that seems to be his lookout, and if he is care
less enough to come down certainly he must expect
the penalty. However, the problem is to be settled
in the Colorado courts, and save as a matter of gen
eral interest there is no necessity for bothering
with it here. Still, it is pleasing to know there is no
intention of indicting the deceased gentleman fol
suicide.
DEMOCRATIC SECRETS REVEALED
ONE of the results of the struggle over the chair
manship of the Democratic Congressional
Committee which ended in the election of Sen
ator White has been the unloosing of the tongue of
"Buck" Hinrichsen, a candidate for the position, who
regards his defeat as treason to himself and a be
trayal of promises. Talking in wrath and denouncing
his foes, Mr. Hinrichsen is reported to have revealed
some political secrets of interest to the public at
large, and particularly so to the Democratic party.
The story of woe begins at a period preceding the
Chicago convention of 1896. Mr. Hinrichsen, it ap
pears, was at that time working in combination with
a junta of silver Senators to commit the Democratic
party to the cause of free silver, and believed him
self to be one of the inside counselors of the move
ment. Shortly before the Chicago convention met
he learned that the Senatorial junta had arranged to
defeat every Democrat in sight and nominate Sen
ator Teller. At this discovery Hinrichsen and Alt
geld broke away from the combine and tried to de
feat the scheme of the junta by putting Bland of Mis
souri forward as a candidate.
The break in the original combination on the very
eve of the convention threw everything into confu
sion. The silver leaders were able to draw up the
platform and drive the gold men out of the party,
but were not able to nominate Teller against the op
position of Altgcld and Hinrichsen. The situation
was favorable to a bold and skillful orator, and
Bryan was quick to perceive it. He made the famous
speech that carried the convention off its feet and
won the nomination for himself, leaving both wings
of the conspiring combination baffled, balked and
beaten.
That much is ancient history. Its relation to the
present situation is due to a statement attributed to
Hinrichsen that the Senatorial junta defeated in 1896
is once more actively at work. He sees in his defeat
for the chairmanship of the Congressional Commit
tee conclusive evidence that the combine is running
the Democratic party and laying wires for the con
trol of the national convention of 1900.
If this conclusion be correct. Mr. Bryan as well
as Mr. Hinrichsen may be interested in the matter.
It will not be possible for the silver-tongued orator
to repeat at the next Democratic convention the
lucky stroke of 1896. He has talked too much since
that time to accomplish the success of a surprise
party again, and if the declarations of the Hinrichsen
indignation meeting of one have any foundation in
fact the young man from the Platte had better make
himself solid with the Senatorial combine at once or
spend the next two years in steady practice at sawing
wood and saying nothing.
Since it has been determined that men cannot be
arrested for fighting in a Federal building except
through action of the Federal courts, the future for
the pugilist looks bright. If he will only sneak with
his seconds into the national Capitol he will find
several large apartments adapted to his purposes,
and the sedate, not to say busy, officers are not likely
to stop important business to worry over a prize
fight. Also, perhaps they would enjoy the fight.
It is greatly to be feared that Mr. Bennett will not
hereafter entertain for the courts that respect which
is the safeguard of order. They found him guilty
of assault with a deadly weapon, and Bennett, as a
man who cut his wife's throat, knows that anything
short of hanging him would be less than justice.
WISDOM FOR THE UNWASHED.
AT its meeting to-day the Democratic State
Central Committee will be compelled to face
an important political crisis. Fifty-three of
its members declined last summer to pay $30 each
for the prosecution of the campaign for Bryan and
free silver. Under the mlcs of the committee they
may all be expelled for the offense. If at its meet
ing to-day those who did pay the assessment con
clude to dismiss the delinquents the committee, in
stead of consisting of 1.28 members, will consist of
seventy-five In other words, it will represent but
little more than half the Democracy of the State.
An inspection of the names of those who declined
to aid the cause of Bryan and free silver by contri
buting $30 in gold to the Democratic-Populist cam
paign of last year makes it plain that the different
delinquents had different reasons for their recalci
trancy. It is evident that some of them did not have
$30. These members may have intended to pay up
after the advent of free coinage, which its advocates
believe will usher in flush times and plenty of
money. Others probably disapproved of the fusion
with the Populists; there axe many Democrats in
California who thought and still think that the fu
sion was an alliance with the devil. Others still
may have considered $30 altogether too steep a price
to pay for Bryan and free silver. Our own opinion
is that that combination would have been dear at
any price.
But the point at which we arc aiming ought to be
plain to all Democrats. The fifty-three members of
the State Central Committee whom it is proposed to
discipline to-day are evidently mostly men of prin
ciple. At all events they were not slaves to "regu
larity." and for that reason they are, under prevailing
conditions, valuable Democrats. To dismiss them
as is proposed by the slaves of "regularity" would,
in our judgment, be a terrible mistake. The mem
bers of the committee may think we are joking with
them. Probably it is presumptuous on the part of
«i Republican paper to express opinions regarding
troubles among the unterrified. But, nevertheless,
we do not hesitate to inform the seventy-five Spar
tans of the Democratic State Committee who are
now contemplating tumbling their fifty-three delin
quent colleagues into the political soup that, in our
opinion, to do so will result in much party trouble.
Regular Democrats as well as regular Re
publicans must be aware of the fact that
party labels no longer hold men together
in California. Everywhere primaries and con
ventions, caucuses and committees are prov
ing ineffective for producing political results. In
dependent voting is now the order of the day. The
people no longer ask whether a candidate is a Dem
ocrat or a Republican. They want to know how he
measures up as a Man. They vote in these days for
men and issues, not according to party labels. It will
be a mistake for the Democratic State. Central Com
mittee to dismiss fifty-three of its members because
they refused to contribute toward a campaign in
which they took no part, because that action will
make exactly fifty-three soreheads who will not hesi
tate to wreak their ve'igeance upon the toppling
Democracy.
The unterrified may regard it as strange that The
Call should offer this advice. There is, however,
nothing strange about it. In the next campaign we
intend to support the Republican ticket. Naturally
we desire an opposition worthy of our mettle. If the
Democrats split their State Committee there will be
nothing to fight. Heaven knows the Democracy will
be weak enough this year even if united.
THE FEDERAL BUILDING.
SUPERINTENDENT ROBERTS has denied
the reports from Washington of the discovery
of quicksand on the site of the new Federal
building and gives assurances that no such quick
sands exist. In a statement made to a representa
tive of The Call he said: "In the report which I
forwarded to Washington last Saturday I made no
mention of quicksand, nor did I even hint that I had
doubts as to whether there is quicksand in the north
west corner of the lot, as I believe the soil there,
if not equally good as in other portions of the site,
is of a character that will support any amount of
weight without danger of sinking."
It is to be hoped the disquieting rumor, to which
Superintendent Roberts has just given the quietus,
will be the last that will be launched against the site
of thenewbuilding. San Francisco would longagohave
had the benefit of the new edifice, and the money put
into circulation by its construction would be promot
ing the general trade and industry of the city, had it
not been for the reports of this kind which have
aroused antagonisms to the work at home and caused
the officials at Washington to hesitate and delay in
undertaking the construction.
Granting as much as can be urged about delay on
the part of the officials of the Government, the fact
remains that San Francisco is without the use of the
r.ew Federal building mainly because of dissensions
among her own people. Certain elements here
have fought against the proposed edifice as bitterly
as if it were something that would injure instead of
help San Francisco. The site has been denounced
as unfit even for the location of a barn. It
has been declared to be a bog, a fen, a lake, a sand
bar, a slough and a mudhole, and the Government
has been warned time and again not to build any
thing on it at any cost.
With the advent of the McKinley administration
The Call, supported by the commercial and labor
organizations of the city, started an earnest move
ment to bring about an immediate beginning to the
work of construction. Petitions were sent to Wash
ington urging action. Our Congressmen were
prompted to press the Government architects to ad
vance the enterprise. These efforts were successful.
The final survey of the site was made, the plan of the
building was decided upon, bids were advertised for
and contracts let. The people, breathing freely in the
belief that the old local fight was over and that the
work would go forward without let or hindrance.
were astounded when the old story of quicksand was
sprung again and for a time feared we were to have
another hitch in the construction of the building.
Fortunately short work has been made of the re
port this time. It has been authoritatively contra
dicted by Superintendent Roberts and will have no
weight at Washington. The work on the edifice
moves steadily along, and despite the opposition of
contentious people who will never forgive the Gov
ernment for selecting a site without consulting them,
we shall in due time see the work completed and our
row Federal building standing among the ornaments
of the city after giving employment to hun
dreds of workinprmen and putting thousands of dol
lars into circulation among our trades and indus
tries.
The possibility that Weyler may be imprisoned is
overshadowed by the somber probability that he
won't be.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 29, 1898.
IN his speech on Thursday night at the meeting of
the national manufacturers in New York Presi
dent McKinley deliberately and studiedly takes
leadership of the movement, in line with his plat
form, to reform our currency and banking systems to
the ultimate of soundness and safety.
His experience in politics serves to convince him
that the fiatists will liave the field to themselves, un
less "the Republicans and those who served with
them in the last campaign"' advance their plan and
stand by it.
This Congress may do nothing in the way of
legislation, but the sound money Republicans and
Democrats did not agree to quit the issue if this one
Congress refused to adopt it. Their battle was begun
to save an irreparable disaster in 1896, but was to
continue until fiatism and empirical finance were
purged utterly out of the system of the republic.
The President is keenly alive to the dangers
ahead, while not forgetful of those past and of the
means and men who faced and foiled them with
self-denying courage. He realizes thoroughly the
need of lining up on the highest statement of prin
ciple and going to the country again if need be for
a second indorsement of the practice of honor in
our finances. This sentence in his speech shows the
clearest comprehension of the duty of the hour:
"Half-heartedness never won a battle. Nations
and parties without abiding principles and stern re
solution to enforce them, even if it costs a con
tinuous struggle to do so and temporary sacrifice,
are never in the highest ■degree successful leaders in
the progress of mankind. For us to attempt
nothing in the face of the present fallacies and the
constant effort to spread them is to lose valuable
ground already won and practically weaken the
forces of sound money for their battles of the fu
ture."
The result of 1806 makes it incumbent upon this
Congress to pass sound currency legislation as
much as to reform the tariff. The verdict was
pointedly in favor of removing the disquieting
doubts and the still more disquieting and dangerous
certainties of our patchwork financial legislation.
Since it began in the war emergencies of 1862 to the
Sherman act of ißgo its every feature has been cas:
to the necessities of some national or partisan emer
gency. The business of the country has not been
consulted. When a new angularity has appeared in
our financial statutes business has patiently warped
itself into it, until trade, distorted, crippled and
aching in every joint and muscle, has not the elas
ticity left to make further contortions. Any further
demands in that direction will cause a break in
btead of securing a bend.
This is so well understood that business is ap
palled at the prospect of being called to put its head
and heels at the same time through the fiat hoop of
Bryan finance; but all men see, as does the Presi
dent, that the hoop act is coming surely, unless
there is an instant revival of courage, determination
and fellowship among the sound money forces.
His speech is a bugle call to the scattering divisions
and to the indifferent and the idle who have been
lulled into a feeling of safety since 1806.
NO DIVISION OF THE STATE
JUST now there is manifest one of the periods
when a notion in favor of dividing this great
State seems to seize upon the editorial mind,
which in certain instances really believes itself to be
in earnest. Of course the matter is not worth con
sidering seriously. We are not permitted to look
centuries ahead. In the future when the editorial
hand of this day has turned to dust and his genius.
soaring aloft, shall be engaged in agitating a scheme
to divide heaven, there may be two California*, or
more. But even this is supposititious, even to the
conjecture that the editor will be in heaven. He
may, instead, be engaged in dividing the other place.
However, the coming centuries may perhaps care for
themselves. There is no need of worrying, and if
our great, great and ten times great grandchildren
choose to cut this glorious domain into as many
States as it has counties now that will be their con
cern. They may do it, too, for every wise father
knows that children are sillier than they were when
he was young.
Yellow journalism prints what it has labeled a
message from Zola. A short time ago it had one
from the wife of Dreyfus. The lady took occasion
to say that the communication was bopus. Zola
is a busy man and may nnr go to this trouble. Still,
it is hardly necessary that he should.
The armed foreigners killed by natives in China
cannot be thrilled over very tearfully. The fact is
that they had no right there, and the Chinese who
slew them arc in exactly the same position morally
as the householder who shoots an invading burglar.
A Los Angeles paper speaks in a commendatory
fashion of "true facts." It is a pleasure to be able
to regard its judgment with favor. The "true" fact
is acknowledged by all competent authorities lo be
superior to any other known variety.
THE DAY OF THE CLIPPER PAST.
Stunsalls out of fashion!" said the old skipper as
he puffed vigorously at his old clay pipe, which baa
been around the Horn almost a3 many times as its
owner. Well, they may be; but it Is because finan
cial economy has abolished them on American ships.
However, an old shipmate of mine, who is a bit of a
crank, and left this port the other day. still carries
a topmast stunsail. It may be for sentimental rea
sons. just as a Confederate veteran might display the
nag under which he went to battle. But stunsalla
are Just as practical to-day as ever
«,*!! 'Studding sail/ you say? Oh, yes; studding sal.
oh1^»« te ™ ?i,? OlTeot ' but Jack says 'stunsail.' He
ending to ww I J°» thi ? >I Participles and word* with long
thi™ ™r H ™^ ants brevlt >" all the time, in every
»•!£' £v «XV- c ? Cept rum - The corruption of lan
£nJ£?nt«nn «# ♦* if , provcrblal - Stunsail may be a
a^r^nMnS'nWA'S*. 8alI: bUt studding sail "self is
Si mv SniMnn steadying sail, or steering sail, which.
altnT>ueh P r«P.i'nn'. a ; 3 . thP o j'*lnal term. The Itunaafl
fnlr «,nfi O»r ?". ly >J n moderate weather, was a driv
r?£™ Jit ♦!? , yachts carry stunsails to-day in the
Shaker Immense Eld « sail that la called the
ThPfp'nS^mJ^. fit 5 8l ? l! l with a Ult of stunsaila.
Their use means extra labor for the crew, or a larger
Th^'r£?o ( L their stora takes valuable cargo room,
This means expense for the ship, which her earnings
w-r^nt d^ ° f rallroad and Van tramps do not
.?»xr*H« ««7 a cars ° ea that sailing vessels carry to
hf^h ■PrJ^t demand quick transportation, with Its
h!m.r t&n n ra «*"'.■ The modern sailing ship is little
«nnV= J& an a fl °atsng warehonse. It Is not driven:
pnais and canvas are not pressed as they were before
» ,h«r» r... „' ? steamship. Sailing a ship to make
riP^.nrt Passage n? one of the lost arts. There is no
demand for auxiliary canvas such as BtUnSallS ' Th
lankee Hipper is out of it-defunct.
nnri i' A b , aC k JfJ he middle of the century the Stars
™ Stripes floated over ships that were really clip-
Stw nnH W ».! l iU d » aIo . ft - In competition with one an
?,iu, with fore I craft our clippers carried val
"a n be v H, ar £ 0 ,, eB -i ea from China, coffee from Rio and
A, tL^ ercha " to San Francisco. The steamships
hr,« ni an<l Coffee carr V'ng now. It was not In
I, hh n o . s « da SSS S a f °- as -Please-run. The clippers were
under orders to get there to catch the top of a mar
*L«V- Hours saved oji their voyages, long though they
Zll ' ♦ i^ many _J tloUars for all concerned. Ships
Hl™ «)J ci i driven with canvas that fairly smothered
them in fair weather and foul, and Yankee seaman
?ecognTied and^reSd 3 " 0 jud^ cnt a "d nerve, was
thi'^iVJ^J 1 - th l 8 ls . merely a memory now. I can fancy
™. c 'PPJ r of th fifties coming head-on, 1 rising
aga.nst the clear sky of the lower latitudes, her sails
mounting above th .° blue horizon., tier upon tier
sk> crapers.moonrakers, cloudcleaners, a snow-white
?}rrv m il, an ? els » f ootsto.ol, as Jack says. Did they
York Bui ye> UP to the royal s' a d 3!"-New
THE PRESIDENT'S SPEECH
THE CALL'S GOLDEN JUBILEE EDITION.
CAPPED THE CLIMAX.
Santa Cruz Surf.
The Jubilee number of The San
Frano'scn Call Is what the boys call
"a bate." the handsomest edition of
a newspaper ever Issued on the coast.
Better than the. Christmas issue of
the some paper because fewer pages,
and there is more good Judgment and
typographic taste exercised in the
matter and make-up. A mere enu
meration of its contents would be
wearisome, and every reader can find
out all about it for 5 cents.
SUCCESS IN EVERY WAY
Bakersfleld Callfornlan.
The Jubilee edition of The Call Is a
work of art, and a success In a liter
ary way. It is one of the best special
numbers ever published in the State.
A HANDSOME PAPER.
San Bernardino Free Press.
The San Francisco Call's Golden Ju
bilee edition Is a very handsome and
comprehensive affair. It Is full of in
teresting subject matter, handsomely
printed, is a credit to California jour
nalism, and the Supervisors were not
asked to contribute a cent.
A WORK OF ART
Napa Register.
Sunday's San Francisco Call, the Ju
bilee edition, was a work of art and
filled with statistical and other matter
bearing upon "the days of old, the
days of gold, the days of '49."
UNPRECEDENTED FEAT.
Merced Star.
An unprecedented journalistic feat
was accomplished by The Call on Sun
day, when special trains carrying its
Bpecial Golden Jubilee edition were
run to all parts of California, that to
Los Angeles and way stations reach
ing Merced at 4:30 a. m., many hours
ahead of The Call's rivnls. To say
that the special train and edition were
appreciated is putting it mild, and
praises from all were constant and
profuse. The special contained a
wealth of information about the min
ing industry and pioneer history, be
sides its full quota of State, national
and world news. Its illustrations were
exceptionaly fine.
00000000000000000
GAZING INTO FUTURITY
TO SEE THE PRESENT
From the London Tlnjes of January 27, J9OO.
As is well-known throughout the '
world, some months ago a treaty for |
the annexation of the United States to
the British empire was negotiated be
tween President McKinlcy and the :
Queen. All the necessary steps for !
the immediate consummation of the !
treaty were taken and the proceed
ings ratified by the American Senate. |
Unexpected opposition, however, has j
been developed in Parliament, which j
has adopted the unprecedented meas- i
ure of referring the matter to a spe
cial committee, for its consideration
and report. In this emergency, we are
huppy to announce that, at the earn
est request of friends of the treaty at
Washington, though in an unofficial
capacity. President McKinley has
crossed the Atlantic and his unexpect
ed arrival in London it Is our agree
GOOD THINGS IN THE SUNDAY CALL.
DO you think the young men of
to-day have as good a chance to
succeed in life as wh>an you ■were
a boy?
It's a big question, a vital
question -when you pause in the
rush of everyday life and consider how
social conditions and business chances
have swung around In the last decade
or so. Think of the matter a bit, and
you'll be surprised at the new condi
tions in life. A number of deep think
ers, like President David Starr Jordan.
W. H. Mills, W. T. Harris and Rabbi
Voorsanger, set forth their views on
this very important subject in next
Sunday's Call. Read their articles, and
you'll be startled at the new condition
of affairs that is confronting the rls
inc Kfneration.
How would you like to be able to earn
528 60 every minute of the day whether
you worked hard or indifferently?
There's a man in this country who earns
that much every time sixty seconds is
ticked off on the clock. He doesn't do
it sawing wood, killing time or coun
terfeiting the national currency, but
he pegs along as earnestly and indus
triously as the big majority of business
men How he is able to make so much,
why he does it and the chances for
ambitious poor folk to imitate his suc
cess are fully set forth in to-morrow's
Call.
Another mystery for scientists to
solve has just occurred in the East. A
lad committed a great crime, some say
In a (It of insanity. Anyhow, imme
diately afterward he dropped off into a
cataleptic sleep, and he has been in
that condition for just three years. The
other day he awoke, recognized a num.
her of people, did a number of queer
things for a three years' sleeper and
ihen dropped off into his strange con
dition again. The opinions of special
ists on his odd case are very interesting. .
The whole story of his crime and his J
peculiar sleep is told in next Sunday's !
Call.
Did you know that in one of the blg
ge-st countries of Europe there is a
section where all the people — men,
women and children — go about on
stilts? The surface of the country is
such that one can hardly get over it
unless he is boosted high in the air.
Hence the butcher, the baker, the can
dlestick maker and the postman hustle
about their^laily duties o-n long wood
en peers. JLnnually these high livers
have exciting stilt races. The whole
country-side turns out to see the sport,
and one of those exciting races is fully
described in to-morrow's Call.
Very shortly the sportsmen of the
State will be firing away at a new bird
that is being rapidly introduced here.
It'l a good game bird, and affords rare
sport. Farmers, as well as sportsmen,
ought to read about this new colonist,
for the article in next Sunday's Call
will toll what experts think of It as a
crop destroyer.
In to-morrow's Call there are lots of
other good things besides special fash
ions from Paris, theatrical, society and
fraternal gossip and all the latest and
best news of the day.
READ THE SUNDAY CALL.
THE RECORD FOR SPEED.
Pasadena News.
The San Francisco Call made record
time on Sunday between San Francis
co and Los Angeles. Sixty miles an
hour with a special train is something
to be proud of, especially when the
mountain grade over Tohachapi is
taken into consideration. The Golden
Jubilee edition was all that can be
claimed for it, and marks a period in
the progress of newspaper enterprise
In the State of California. While not
indorsing In full the policy of The Call,
the News cannot, in justice, ignore the
fact that The Call, under the new
management, is rapidly forging to the
front as a newspaper of the pure typo,
free from the taint of yellow. It is
clean, newsy and fit to be admitted in
to any family circle, facts which will
contribute to Its future success.
A JUBILEE SCOOP.
Merced Evening Sun
The San Francisco Call scooped the
other morning papers in a way that is
sure to make Mr. Hearst's young men
turn green with envy. The Call not
only issued a splendid special Jubilee
edition, but also sent it out to its
country readers by special train. Yes
terday's Call reached Merced before 5
o'clock In the morning, and judging by
the fast time the train was making, it
must have reached Los Angeles short
ly after noon. This is the sort of
newspaper enterprise that the country
people appreciate.
CALL EXCELLED ITSELF
Colusa Sun.
The San Francisco Call has excelled
even Itself In its Jubilee edition, issued
last Sunday. It has a beautifully illu
minated cover and contains cuts of
every phase of mining, from the
rocker to the hydraulic monitor, with
each phase represented in history and
In romance. It is as complete a Jubilee
number as one could imagine, and in
deed it is a wonder how one could con
ceive and carry out so complete apian.
The Call Is fast coming to be all that
great wealth, with consummate busi
ness talent, can make of it.
IN FRESNO AT DAYLIGHT.
Fresno Expositor.
The San Francisco Call not only got
out a splendid Jubilee edition, but the
papers were delivered In Fresno be
fore 6 in the morning. A bit of most
commendable newspaper enterprise.
O OOOOOQ OOOOOOOOO
able duty to announce. Through his
characteristic modesty, he took the
Government by surprise, but the requi
site instructions have been already
promulgated, and he will be formally
received and entertained with all the
honors which could be paid to the
greatest potentate in the world. It is
understood that President McKinley
will make no official effort to reduce
the opposition to the treaty, but he
will furnish all information which
may be desired in relation to the
United States, and his own presence
will probably avert any further ef
fort by the demagogues who have ven
tured to resist the grandest achieve
ment of modern times. This is merely
a repetition, on a higher scale, of the
historical incidents which accompanied
the annexation of Hawaii by the
United States in 189 S.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
S. Lang, a mining man of Cripple
Creek, is at the Palace.
J. Eggers, a big cattle man of Elko,
New, is staying at the Lick.
E. W. Runyon, a capitalist of Red
Bluff, is at the Palace with Mrs. Runyon.
X. C. McLane, one of the best known of
Redding's business men, is a guest at the
Lick.
W. W. Moore, a well known member of
Stockton society, Is registered at the
Grand.
Cal. Praslns, a returned miner from
Dawson, is among yesterday's arrivals at
the Baldwin.
George B. Watten. a prominent busi
ness man and politician of Indianapolis,
Is at the Occidental.
\V. C. Wolferis. another prominent vis
itor from Los Angeles, is in the city. He
has registered at the Baldwin.
Mar m a d v k o
Blithers is ' an
old gentleman
who has passed
a long life filled
with experiences
enough to over
flow a book. His
AN t
!! unpleasant ♦
;; sequence ♦
.. ♦
Nome is in Texas, where he owns a large
cattle ranch not far from the Mexican
border, and his present visit to the city
is made In the effort to find. If possible,
relief from the pains of some old wounds
contracted In the Mexican War, which
have been troubling him of late.
Mr. Blithers Is not here in his entirety.
A portion of him, namely, the lower part
of his left leg-, is on the battlefield of
Shiloh, where he left it something over
thirty years ago. and its place is taken by
a hollow piece of wood which on most
occasions does quite as well as the orig
inal article and sometimes far surpasses
that member in its usefulness. The fol
lowing is an instance when its utility
led to a rather unpleasant sequel. The
good citizen of Texas, whose home is
anywhere near the border, never lets an
opportunity pass of beating the revenue
laws. Many and various are the schemes
concocted for this worthy purpose, and
he who strikes something original rises
in the estimation of his fellows in pro
portion to the success that attends the
effort of his genius. Mr. Blithers tried
various devices, and finally hit upon the
Idea of filling the hollow of his peg with
the contraband stuff. The first time he
put the idea into execution it was an un
qualified success, and great was his con
sequent satisfaction. But unfortunately
his pride would not allow him to keep
the secret to himself, and in a short time
all the ranchers for miles around w« re
made acquainted with his cleverness.
After a while the stock of good stuff
from across the line ran short, and Blith
ers thought he would make another trip.
He got over all right, but on his return
the customs officers pounced upon him
and he had the pleasure of seeing his leg
tapped and the good liquor, for which he
had riaked so much, drunk before his
eyes. The officers confiscated his leg and
horse as a punishment, and it took the
unfortunate culprit two days to mako his
way home through the Uesolato strip of
country that lay between the place of
seizure and his ranch.
Martin Conrad, one of the leading men
In the commercial world of Chicago, ar
rivod from the East yesterday and went
to the Occidental.
Dr. \V. P. Matthews, a physician well
known In Sacramento, Is down to this
city on a pleasure trip. He Is to be
found at the Grand. ,
H. S. Hayward and wife, prominent so
ciety people of Los Angeles, are guests
at the Occidental, where they are staying
during a short visit to tlie city.
Mrs. E. Carroll Smith, one of the best
known matrons of Chicago society, Is at
the Palace on a visit to the coast. Mrs.
Smith is accompanied by her mother.
L. F. Monnypenny, one of the associate
editors of the London Times, is in the
city. He Is making a tour of the United
States for the purpose of studying the
industrial situation of the country.
The elevator of
the Occidental is
run by two bro
thers of the
name of Arm
strong who are
twins to the
minute, and so
• ••••••♦♦-••■•■-••■a
\ A I
1 SOMEWHAT I
'•'■■■ MiXED ♦
! { ' AFFAIR. 5
much alike that the transient guest who
Intends complaining of Bill often ends by
tipping Fred. These young fellows hall
from the County Connemara, and with
that love of good horseflesh that all true
sons of Erin possess, are continually fig
uring on the relative chances of the va
rious pood things at the track, and en
deavoring to increase their scanty earn
ings by investments on the winners that
they dally pick, after a judicious and
careful consideration of the tips that are
supplied them by the sportively Inclined
guests to whom their failing is known.
The other day one of these guests, who
is interested in one of the books' at the
track, told one of the brothers that he
knew of a horse down to run that after
noon who was bound to win if he did not
drop dead, and that if the elevator boy
wanted to send some money out he would
carry it to the track and place it for
him. The young fellow jumped at th«
chance, and, going down into his pocket,
brought up seven dollars, which he hand
ed to the sport. ,The horse, a slx-to-on»
shot, came in all ri&ht, and when the
bookmaker returned home in the evening
he handed over $42 to the boy who
took him up to his room. Later in
the evening, as he was smoking his cigar
in the office, he was approached by appa
rently the same fellow, who told him that
he saw that the horse had won and who
demanded his money. He was told that
it had been paid, and, after listening to
the story, vanished to return a moment
later, accompanied by his brother, who
denied having received a cent. "Now you
say you have paid In my winnings," said
Bill. "I am sure I have not received a
cent, and Fred swears that he has not.
Can you take your oath as to which one
you gave the money?" The sport had to
confess that he was up a tree as he
could not be certain of either one of
them, but as he claimed thkt he had al
ready made one payment he refused to
make another.
As the matter now stands, the betting
among the other guests of the house la
about even on whether one of the bro
thers has flimflammed the other, whether
the sport has flimflammed the two boys,
or whether the two boys put up a job and
tried to work the sport a second time.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE MILLS BUILDING— H. S., City.
There are 400 rooms in the Mills build
ing.
MILITARY COMMUNICATION— P. J.
N., City. A military communication is
briefed by the receiver.
NO OFFICE HERE— G. A. G., Temple
ton, Cal. The mining company named
has not an office in San Francisco.
IRON— Fo., Alameda, Cal. The effect of
suddenly plunging iron heated to a white
heat into cold water is to contract the
iron.
PURITY— F. C, Palo Alto, Cal. C. W.
Collins is the president of the Purity Club
of San Jose and W. E. Jackson 1b the
secretary.
DAYS OF THE WEEK— Mrs. O. W ,
City. October 27, 1886, fell on Wednes
day; October 24, 1887, fell en Thursday,
and March 25, ISS7, on Wednesday.
MR. KTTHA-O. S.. City. A letter ad
dressed to Mr. Kytha. the inventor of a
modern revolver, in care of the office of
the Chief of Police, this city, will reach
him.
COLONIAL BILLS— T. B. G., San Jose.
Colonial bills of 1760 are valuable only
as curiosities, and the value is graded
only by the desire of a person to become
possessed of such.
BALL AND FLAG— J. M. P., City. The
diameter of the gilt ball on the top of
the flagstaff on the Claus Spreckels build
ins is one foot eight inches. The size
of the flag floatfd from that staff Is twen
ty-eight feet long by fifteen in width.
IRISH LAND BlLL— Readers. City.
The Irish land bill passed July, 1596, pro
vides for the sale to the tenants of the
estates administered by the landed es
tates court. There is not a provision In
the law that compels the landlords to
part with their property.
PRTZE-FIGHTERS— W. I. D., Mills Col
lege Postoffice, Cal. There is no record
that gives the aggregate number of men
killed from blows received in the prize
ring, the places where such fights oc
curred and what was done with the men
who inflicted the fatal Mows.
Best Peanut taffy in world. Townsends*
Soft baby cream, 15c per lb. Townsend's*
■ ♦ ■ ■
Cal Glace Fruits, 50c lb. in elegant fire
etch bxs or Japanese bskts. Townsend's*
« m *
Great sale genuine eyeglasses, specs, 15c
up. 33 Fourth st.; open Sundays till 2 p.m.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Shines on All, but Not For All.
Editor James H. Barry, in this week's
Star, roasts Dr. C. O. Brown and his
"confession." He also gives some very
plain talk on the Freeholders, and han
dles the School Board with gloves. Be
sides this, the Star contains many live
articles on the topics of the day that the
daily press fears to handle. •
LET WELL ENOUGH ALONE.
The annexation of Hawaii is strongly
urged because of the strategical advant
ages of the islands. "Times change and
we are changed in them," but this re
public has existed for more than 120 years
and during all that time the principles of
the Monroe doctrine have answered all
its strategical demands extremely well —
Philadelphia Ledger.
If yon lack appetite try half a wine glass of
Axgosttha Hitters half hour before dinner
Made by Dr. T. G. B. Siegert & Sons.
BHONCHiTis. Sudden changes of the weather
cause Bronchial Troubles. "Brown's Bronchial
Troches" will give effective relief.
Cakk, worry and a;x! y. whiten the hair too
early. Reatw it wini n i'abkkh's Hair Baubam.
Hindkbcokns, the best cure for corns. 15 ct*
THE HUMAN TOUCH.
Hich thoughts and not.le in all lands
Help me: my soul is fed by such
But ah. the touch of lips and hands—
The humnn touch'
£arm. vital, close, life's symbols deai^-
Tnese need 1 most, and now. and here
—Richard Burton in February Century.
NEW TO-DAY.
Royal Baking Powder
is economy itself.NEW FEATURE
IN YACHTING
Races Are to Be Intro
duced for Gasoline
Launches.
The Race for the Union Gas
Engine Cup to Be a
Yearly Event.
Another Batch of Fortune-Hunters
Left for the Gold Fields on
the Columbia.
A new feature is to be added to
yachting next ..season in the shape of a
series of races for gasoline launches.
A trophy to be known as the "Union
Gas Engine cup," it is said, will bo pre
sented to a committee which will ar
range for a series of contests to be held
yearly. The launch winning the cup
three times will become its owner.
The boats that will take part in this
season's contest will be: G. W. Mc-
Near's, Port Costa; J. Kitterman's,
America: F. Bfoffltt's, Augusta; Dr.
Buckley's, Satellite, and Dr. MeKen
lie's Alberta. The Satellite and the
Alberta are a little smaller than the
others and will have a time allowance,
but the Port Costa, America and Au
gusta all have each fifty horsepower
engines and are about evenly matched.
The Port Costa is so far an unknown
quantity, as she •will not be ready for
her trial trip until some time next
month. Quite a number of wagers
have already been made, however, that
she will beat both the America and the
Augusta when they meet.
Gasoline launches are getting into
general use all over the world and the
American make has the preference j
over both those of England and Ger- ;
many. In fact, the San Francisco '
machine has driven the English and
German article out of the Japanese
market. The Coptic will take away
six engines for boats that have been
built to run on the Japanese canals.
The Walla Walla will take away two
for Captain Wooden of Puget Sound.
They will be put in launches at Seat
tle, and will be used in connection |
with the bark Theobold in the Dyea
and Skaguay trade. Two 100-horse- j
power engines will go away on the next
Australian steamer for the New Zea
land Frozen Meat and Storage Com- i
pany. On their arrival at Auckland j
they will be placed in schooners and j
the vessels will then be used to carry '
carcasses from the various yards to the |
freezing works. A machinist from the
Union Gas Company will go with the
machinery to put it together and give
the engineers in Auckland a few les
sons on the running of the engines.
Captain Henderson, formerly master
of the four-masted schooner Golden
Shoiv. has purchased a British ship
that is now on her way from England
to Santa Rosalia. From the latter
port she will come to San Francisco,
where Captain Henderson will assume
command, and put her in the Austra
lian trade.
Horatio Tower, mate of the whaling
bark John and Winthrop, has changed
his mfnd about going to Point Barrow
in search of whales this year, and will
go to the Kotzebue Sound instead.
Eight years ago, when he was mate
of th« schooner Mary and Susan, he
secured quite a number of quartz spec
imens from the natives for a plug of
tobacco. These he presented to his
wife and ever since she has kept them
as a curiosity. Kotzebue Sound as a
mining district had not been heard of
when Mate Tower shipped on the John
and Winthrop. Since then, however,
the expedition by the bark Alaska has
come to the fore and Tower bethought
him of his specimens. He had them
assayed and as they go $20,000 to the
ton he will forsake whaling and go to
the sound in search of the ledge from
which the specimens came.
The steamer Columbia sailed for
Portland yesterday, where she will
connect with the steamer bound for Ju
neau, Dyea and Skaguay. The fol
lowing passengers bound for the Klon
dike went out on the vessel:
R. Murphy and wife, A. Brokaw. Don
Grande. For Dyea— J. M. Rogers, I. Al
len, M. PamgTPii, G. England. G. Sheriff,
T. Gilovich. Mrs. Banths, J >. S. M< Kinley,
R. Hogeboom, J. Barnes, (\ Johnston, W.
Zimmerman, W. A. Vanzee. C. B. O.«
borno, J. Johnson. C. Sv.anberg. T. 11.
Johnson. W. Clark, D. F. Grant, A
M 'Murray. E. Jordan. For Skaguay—
W. F. D^rsey, P. L,. Blake, Mi?s I,."Baul
ty. F. Banlty, M. Bilva, W. Lively, E.
Shevlln, V. Finnegan, M. Dernsife. J.
George, A. N. HcPeck, Mrs. D. J. Brady,
F. Kosta, A. Peters.
Jubilee Week
Is now closing up, and it is pleasant to
read over the various happenings during
the festival. Town Talk"s Saunterf-r was
everywhere, of course, and gleanerl some
food stories about Hon. J. W. Murphy,
lose Gunst and others. Kits of Johnny
Ochs' philosophy. ;; Mmtv by Klla M. Sex
ton, poems by California!) writers and
bright paragraphs about sor-iety people
are features of the number, the subject of
whose title portrait is Mrs. Sheldon
Borden. . •
Y. M. C A. Forty-Fifth flnolversary.
To-morrow afternoon the forty-fifth nn
niversary of the San Francisco Young
Men's Christian Association will bo ob
served with public exercises at their au
ditorium. Mason and Ellis streets, at 2:4.~ (
o'clock. Kdward Colcman will preside.
and the anniversary address will be <I>-
livered by Dr. David Starr Jordan, presi
dent Stanford University, whose subject
la The Strength of Being Clean." The
Harmony Choral Club of forty-five mem
bers, under the direction of Robert Lloyd,
will furnish musk-.
A Slow Murder Trial.
The trial of Mrs. Wilson for the mur
der of her husband in ISM is progressing
slowly. Many wi! nesses wore put f>n by
NEW TO-DAY.
shTgladly speaks I
Victim of Nervous Dyspepsia and
Nervous Prostration.
Onalaska. Wls.— For ten years I have
been the suffering victim of nervous pros-
tration and nervous dyspepsia. I cannot
begin to tell you or remember the reme-
dies I have taken. or the prescriptions 1
have tried. Take what I would, I grew
worse Instead of better, and was well-
nigh discouraged. Then came the grate-
ful change. One month — on the ad-
vice of my brother, who Bent me a box—
I commenced taking Dr. Charcot's Kola
Nervine Tablets. I have taken one box
and gained five pounds, but that is noth-
ing compared to the physical relief I have
experienced. I am better and happier
than 1 have been for five years. If I
could make the recommendation stronger
I would gladly do so. i
' Mrs.- Lulu Gleason.
Dr. Charcot's Kola Nervine Tablets are
vegetable and harmless. Their strength
and. vigor giving qualities are wonderful.
Fifty cents and $1 at druggists or mailed
direct. Eureka Chemical & Mfg. Co., L*
Crn««i> Mis
Redington & Co., general distributor*.
the people yesterday, hut no testimony
of importance was secured. The- oisc will
not go on to-day, but next Monday the
prosecution will probably finish and the
defense will have an innitipr.
THE FEAST OF ST. BLAISE
Cereroony of Blessing the Throat
Will Be Observed at St.
Ignatius Church.
Tho Feast of the Purification, or Can
dlemas, will be solemnized at St. iKna
tius Church next Tuesday morning with
special ceremoijles.
Solemn high mass will bo celebrated at
9 o'clock, and the blessing of the wax
candles to be used as offerings in the
celebration will immediately precede the
mass. In the evening, in addition to the
rosary, and immediately after tho saying
of the beads, solemn benediction will be
celebrated. On the following day. Wed
nesday, February 2. the Feast of St.
Klai.se will be commemorated, and the rite
and custom of blessing the throats as a
preventive of disease of this organ will
i bserved.
Th- cereqaony of the blessing of throats
will commence immediately after mass
in the morning, and will continue through
the entire day until 9:30 o'clock in
the evening. There will be an in
termission in the services, however,
from 12 until 1 o'clock in the after
noon, and from 4:30 until after the
benediction in the evening. Last year
over 1" 000 people knelt at the altar rail
and received this blessing in the name of
St. Blaise.
To-mormw afternoon a solemn recep
tion will be held by the Ladies Sodality
for the installation of new members Fa
ther Calzia, the director of the sodality,
has extended an invitation to the young
lady friends of members to be present at
the reception.
Father Calsta will deliver the sermon at
; vespers to-morrow evening on the sub
1 Ject of "Dream?." which will be a con
tinuation of th.- sermon on fortune-te.il
: Ing, chosen by him three weeks ago.
ALEX BADLAM
LAID TO REST
Grief-Stricken Relatives and
Sorrowing Friends Sur
round His Bier.
His Remains Are Placed in the
Receiving Vault at Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
The last act closing the life drama
of Alexander Badlam was solemnly
performed at his late home on Frank
lin street yesterday afternoon by his
grief-stricken relatives and Borrowing
friends.
The religious ceremony over the dead
was performed by the Rev. Robert
Mackenzie of the First Presbyterian
Church, and conformed to the ritual
of that creed. The exercises con
sisted of the reading of prayers and
the chanting of hymns, at the conclu
sion of which the preacher made a few
remarks in eulogy of the career of the
deceased, paying a touching tribute to
his memory.
As it was the last wish of Mr. Bad
lam to have flowers omitted at the fun
eral obsequies, his wi^h was rigorous
ly adhered to by his friends and rela
tives; and with the exception of a
sheath of wheat, which was placed on
top of the black pall covering the me
tallic casket, and a few flowers made
into the form of pillows, there was a
total absence of floral offerings.
Those who acted as pall bearers were
for the most part Intimate friends of
the deceased, and many of them had
known him for years, and dated their
friendship back over the sixty-seven
years of his well-spent life to the time
when he was a mere boy. The pall
bearers were Fulton G. Berry, Judge
J. D. Murphy. General W. H. L.
Barnes, Charles G. Lathrop, Joseph
Spear, Thomas R. Hayes, Theodore
RWkard and Eugene Levy.
The remains were conveyed to the
Odd Fellows' Cemetery and placed in
the receiving vault, pending their linal
disposition
SAYS HE HAS
A CONTRACT
D. G. Coy Enters Complaint
Against the Southern
Pacific.
Claims There Was an Agreement to
Carry Flour at $3
Per Ton.
If the statements maflp by P. (1. Coy,
a grocer of Woodland, before the
Railroad Commission ran be sub
stantiated by that gentleman the
Southern Pacific Company will have
hard work explaining away a certain
telegram which it sent to Coy inform
ing him that a rate of $5 per ton would
be accepted by the company as long
as he continued to ship flour from
Eugene, or., to Woodland, CaL
The matter was brought to the at
tention of the commission in the form
of a formal complaint made by Coy
against the Southern Pacific for non
fulfillment of a certain contract alleged
to have been made with the complain
ant in the form of a telegram.
It seems that Mr. Coy, who is en
gaged In the wholesale and retail gro
cery business in Woodland, had been
accustomed to purchase his flour from
the Sacramento mills and have it sent
down to his store in Woodland. Fin
ally, however, after the flour trust had
been formed, the Sacramento mills
raised the price of the article, and ac
cording to the complaint tried to dic
tate to Coy the figure at which he
should retail it to the farmers with
whom he deals. This figure was so high
that the farmers found it cheaper to go
to Sacramento themselves and buy
their flour, and while there would also
purchase th< ir other grocery supplies.
Thiß forced Coy to look elsewhere
for a more satisfactory depot of sup
plies, and finding that he could pur
chawc his flour at Eugene, Or., much
cheaper than the Sacramento mills
would let him have it, he telegraphed
C. F. Sraurr, then in charge of the
Southern Pacific freight department,
askinu what rate the company would
make him on his shipments from that
place to- Woodland. Ke received a re
ply in which, as he claims, he was told
that he could ship as long as he wished
for $5 a ton.
This enabled him to sell the flour at
Woodland 35c a sack cheaper than was
possible when he bought at Sacra
mento and at a profit of 40 per cent
more than when he was a customer of
the mills at that place.
This arrangement with the railroad
people continued until Dor ember 7, 1897,
when Coy was informed that after Jan
ary 1, 1898, the rate would be 57 per
ton. Hence the complaint that was
presented to the commission yesterday.
No one will use a fountain pen after
trying a "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil. •
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JAM'ARY 29, 1898.
SINKING FUND
FOR DEPUTIES
Su ms Deducted From Em
ployes' Warrants by
a Broker.
S. Kampe Tells of the Testi
mony Given by Him Before
the Grand Jury.
The Money Used to Meet Incidental ]
Expenses That the Clerks Are
Subjected to.
S. Kampe, the broker and member of '
the Grand Jury who was called upon
to testify before that body Thursday as
to his knowledge of the charges against
I Recorder Glynn, preferred by John G.
Maloney, an ex-copyist in that office,
spoke freely of his testimony and what
\ he knew of the affairs of the office yes
terday.
"I have dealings with every depart -
I ment of the city government," 6aid Mr.
; Kampe, "and I am probably as famil
i iar with the workings of the various
departments as anybody. I cash war
rants for the deputies, and there is
hardly a branch that does not main
tain what might be called a sinking
fund. Each deputy contributes a small
sum to this fund each month, and it is
used for incidental expenses of the of
fice.
"For instance, as you are probably
aware, there are frequent and heavy
demands upon the officials and depu
ties of the municipality for charity and
benefit entertainments. Hardly a day
passes that tickets for some picnic or
show of some sort are not circulated
through the City Hall. In the Record
er's office, as in some of the others, the
deputies, when asked to buy tickets,
refer the seller to the head of the de
partment, who takes a certain number
of tickets and pays for them out of
this private fund. In that way all are
taxed equally, and the burden is imper
ceptible tv anybody. The copyists in
the Recorders office are paid by the
folio, and average from $75 to $90 a
month. I suppose they contribute to
this fund in proportion to their earn
ings, and the amount of their liability
is sent to me by the chief deputy,
which I hold out when I cash th«ir
warrants and turn over to him. Last
month I cashed warrants for eieven
employes of that office, deducting H so
from each, that being the amount Mr.
Cooney notified me to retain, and which
I gave to him. It usually amounts to
between $40 and $50 a month. Before
cashing the warrants, I invariably ask
the men if the amount I have been in
structed to deduct is correct, and I
j have never yet had one of them dis
pute it.
'•This I testified to before the Grand
Jury yesterday. While Maloney was
in the office 1 cashed his warrants for
! him, and s^me of the orders on the
Auditor I took out there with me. I
; was told that Maloney had testified
| that he nerer received more than $I'>">
I for a single month's work, so I showed
the Grand Jury where I had cashed a
warrant for him for $215 64 in January,
1897. He was enabled to earn that
amount through Glynn's kindness in
1 giving him extra work, as he had told
his chief that he was in a bad way
financially and could not meet his pay
ments on his house.
"Several months ago I received a let
ter from Mr. Glynn asking me to ad
vance Mrs. Maloney $40, and requesting
me not to cash any more warrants for
Maloney, but to give the money to his
wife. This I did up to the time of his
dismissal, and Maloney has never been
in my office since his wife first called."
Mr. Maloney said, in answer to the
broker's testimony regarding the reg
ular monthly assessment, that in all
the time he was in the Recorder's of
fice there were only two assessments,
one being to aid Glynn in his political
fight, and the other to purchase a
music box for Mrs. Cilynn.
Mr. Glynn substantiates Mr. Kampe's
statement in every detail, and pays he
has placed a letter written by Maloney
to him in the hands of the District At
torney to lay before the Grand Jury at
its next session. In this letter, he saye,
Maloney expresses his gratitude for fa
vors shown him by his chief in strong
est terms.
TO BE INTERRED
IN ST. LOUIS
Mrs. Elizabeth Hager's Re
mains to Rest in the
Family Vault.
Funeral Services Held at the City
Home Yesterday Morn-
Ing.
Only thirty <t Mrs. Ilager'n many ad
miring friends witnessed the last Pad
rites held over the remains prior to the
shipment of the body to St. Louis, where
the Interment will take place.
Since the passing away of this estimable
lady, the home has been filled with in
numerable floral pieces, the last offer
ings of the many who mourn her loss.
Archbishop Kiordan officiated at the
funeral services, which were held yester
day morning at the lady's late residence,
isis Gough street.
Invitations to the services were issued
by letter, and the entire ceremony was
conducted with the utmost privacy and
solemnity.
William Hicks, a son of the deceased
lady, acompanied the remains to her na
tive city— St. Louis, when; the body will
bo placed in the family vault, beside those
of her husband and son.
Mrs. Johnson, a sister of Mrs. Hager,
and Miss Johnson, are the puosts of th«
Misses Hagcr. and, fortunately, were in
attendance at the bedside of the lady at
the time of her death.
Ignatlan Council's Ball.
All arrangement? have been completed
for the ball to be given by Ignatian Coun
cil No. 35. Y. M. 1., at N. S. G. W. Hall,
on Friday evening. February 4. The bail
Is an annual event in Ignatian Council,
nnd one that is looked forward to with
int' rest not only by the members them
selves, but also by their hosts of friends.
During past years it has always proved
to bo up to the standard, and it Is safe
to predict that the coming one will not
be an exception to the general rule, unless
it be to eclipse the past ones, for the
committee of arrangements have been
untiring in their efforts to make it fore
most in the Usi of social successes of 1898.
Kellett Sentenced Again.
Sidney Kellett. the ex-messenger boy
and burglar, was yesterday sentenced by
Judge Campbell to six months in the
County Jail for having burplars' tools In
his possession. This makes eighteen
months altogether for Kellett to serve,
as Judg* Low a few weeks ago sent, nc.,l
him to six months on each of two charges
and it was while he wai out on appeal
bonds that he was again arrest. d. His
companion, Frank Mitchell, was sent to
the Whlttler Reformatory, from which
he had escaped.
TO REMOVE AN EVIL.
Property-Owners on Mason Street
Want Disreputable h|ouses
Suppressed.
Property-owners on Mason street, be
tween Kddy and Ellis, and the Immediate
neighborhood are nlgning a petition which
will be presented to-day by Attorney
Samuel Regensburger to Chief of Police
Lees asking him to enforce the Penal
Code against the people who occupy dis
reputable houses on the west side of the
street between Kddy and Kllia. The pe
tition alleges that the houses In question
depredate the value of property and pre
vent respectable people from leasing
houses in that block.
The petition Is signed hy Mrs. J. C. Mo-
Cautey. W Mason street: Mrs. Harriet
McCarthy, owner of the Hotel Lannham,
and by John P. Callaprher, the lessee; W.
H. Leahy of the Tivoll: H. J. McCoy,
secretary of the Young Men's Christian
Association; F. Xigro, owner of a bulld
inp in course of erection on tho northeast
corner of Mason and Eddy streets, and by
several others.
Bennett Is Satisfied.
James O. Bennett, who attempted to
cut his wife's throat and was convicted
of an assault with a deadly weapon in
Judge "Wallace's court last Thursday, is
happy at escaping conviction on the or
iginal charge against him— assault to
murder. He anticipated conviction on
tho more serious charge and expresses
content in his fate. At the outside, he
can only get two years in prison, while
on the other charge he mipht have been
sentenced to spend ten or twelve years.
TAILORS FORM
ANOTHER UNION
New Local to Be Affiliated
With the National
Body.
A Little Hard Feeling Just at Present,
but No Serious Clash Is
Expected.
A mass meeting of the Journeymen tail
ors of this city was held in Union Hall,
1159 Mission street, on Thursday, for the
purpose of organizing a branch of the
Journeymen Tailors' Union of America,
and a temporary organization was ef
fected.
There has been for some time an organ
ization of tailors known as the Journey
men Tailors' Protective and Benevolent
Union, composed mainly of the high
priced tailors. This organization was not
affiliated with any central body, and ex
ists In this city alone. The national or
ganization h.us found It a constant men
ace to the Interests of union tailors, as
workmen coming from tho Kasi are un
able to j"in it by depositing a traveling
card and It can neither issue cards to tail
cis going <«ut of the dtjr nor uphold a
union label. Accordingly Organizer E. S.
Chrlstophersen was dispatched to this
city with instruettQll to draw the local
union Into the national body if possible,
and in the event <>t" his failure to do this
to organize a new local union, which
would be chartered from the national.
He arrived In tti.s dry about two w.-eks
;ni at once commenced his labors
Mini: Bhop meetings of both union
and non-union shops, In which work he
My assisted l>y the organizing com
mittc- of tin San Francisco Labor Coun
cil. The majority <>f the members of the
Independent local union did not take very
kindly to the Idea of affiliation, and at
their last meeting a resolution providing
for affiliation was defeated, and Mr.
Christophersen th< n called a mass meeting
of organized and unorganized tailors in
th»> ciiv f.ir last Mght.
At the meeting much enthusiasm was
manifested and a temporary organization
was easily effected. J. T. Kllsworth was
elected temporary chairman and George
Nesblt temporary secretary. A prelimin
ary moting will !><• held at 1159 Mission
street next Monday evening, when It la
expected that a permanent organization
will be effected.
WEIRD PARADE
OF MEDICOS
With Skull ©nd Crossbones
They Will March Through
the Streets.
A College Yell That Will Positively
Wake Up the
Dead.
If the medical and dental students con
nected with the College of Physicians
and Surgeons in this city carry out their
original intentions San Francisco will be
treated to a novel though somewhat
greWMMM spectnele on this evening,
and timid people had better keep off Mar
k< t street and rmi.iin in the peaceful
seclusion <>f their homes.
These emliryotic medicos and dentists
will turn out and march to the Pavilion,
to be present at the opening of the Min
ing Fair, an 1 with them, as accessories,
will appear all the paraphernalia peculiar
to their profession and some bones of the
cadavers on which they have operated.
At their head will be a huge red banner,
with skull and crossbones done in white
bunting, with the letters C. P. S. under
neath. This will prepare the courageous
beholder for gravt r things to come.
Each participant will carry a "femur,"
or thigli bone, and its somber aspect will
be to sc.me extent relieved with a bow of
white and red ribbons. The reputed
comedians of the college will be distin
guished from the others by carrying a
hone called the "humerus." so named
because of its connection with the funny
bone, and it is expected that the bright
shafts of wit that will emanate from the
aforesaid comedians will obviate the ne
cessity of illumination along the line of
march and will do away with the need
less expense of burning fireworks.
Various other bones, weird relics of
individuals who have departed this sphere
and upon whom the 1 students have experi
mented, will be seen in this parade, and
one enterprising member expressed his
Intention of exhibiting a skeleton in its
entirety, but he was opposed by the rest,
and ho this feature will be eliminated.
There will also be seen saws, forceps,
scalpels, and In fact everything apper
taining to the two professions.
They will have their college yell, too,
and it is said to be the most blood
curdling one ever invented and will cause
dead bones in our cemeteries to turn
o\'-r and rattle In their graves.
The students, to the number of 200,
will be headed by the First Infantry
band. and after gazing on the wonders
of the Mining Fair they will march to
the California Hotel, where they will par
take of a sumptuous banquet and listen
to Bet speeches by the college faculty.
THE TRAFFIC IN DOGS.
John h|iggins and James F'ynn
Plead Guilty to Petty
Larceny.
The two men, John Higgins and James
Flynn, who were arrested some days ago
for stealing big dogs in the Mission and
selling them to paroles who were going to
the Klondike, pleaded guilty in Judge
Joachimsen's court yesterday to petty
larceny and were ordered to appear for
sentence this morning.
James Brownie, a bartender in a saloon
on Fulton and Larkln streets, testified that
he had purchased thirteen dogs from the
two defendants, giving them from $5 to
$10 for each dog. He was to leave for the
Klondike In a few days and intended tak
ing the dogs with him.
DENIED THAT
THEY ELOPED
An Oakland Couple Jour
neys to Martinez to
Be United.
Ceremony Performed by a Civil
Officer, as Church People
Are "Poor Pay."
The Wife Will Go on a Honey
moon All by Her
self.
It would seem that residents of Oak
land find no truth In the oft-re
peated saying that a secret would die In
that city before it would be discovered.
H. C. Coward of the Oakland Salt
Works does not think so, nor does Miss
Ella May Spear, a pretty resident of the
I Athenian town. Both these persons
thought it best to hie themselves to an
i other burg to become united, as they
wanted no one to know of It.
With this object In view both packed
small gripsacks and left for Martinez
last Wednesday, where they were made
one by a Justice of the Peace. Immedi
ately after the marriage they boarded a
train and returned to Oakland and took
up temporary quarters at the Hotel
Pleasanton.
No one was to know anything about the
marriage, but strange to say a few inti
mate friends were taken into the secret
to help keep it quiet.
Like all secrets it soon leaked out and
Mr. Coward was asked about it. He de
nied at first that there was a marriage,
and further stated that he did not know
Miss Spear. He suggested that his brother
might have been the one to do a thing
like that, but he— never! The brother not
having returned, the visitor was Invited
to a seat and Mr. Coward gently tried to
find out how much was known. Con
vinced that It was all out, he volunteered
the statement that he was the one who
had been married.
"I didn't want it all over town," he
said, "because I did not think it was
anybody's business. We did not elope,
but only went to Martinez, so as to have
a quiet wedding. We Intended going to
San Rafael, but it was too far away.
"We were married by a Justice of the
Peace, as I am not much of a church
man; and anyway I have too many of
them on my books and they never pay.
1 told my wife that I could not afford a
big celebration, as my business waa de
strayed by tire a few months ago. She
was perfectly willing that it should be
quiet, but wanted it to come oft* at once.
we (io not intend to go on a honeymoon,
but I think my wife will take a sort of
one by going on a visit to her sister in
Fresno. Just as soon as she returns we
will go to housekeeping."
Mrs. Coward was unwilling to submit
her views on the affair, but sent word by
her husband that it was not an elope
ment.
Italian Concert.
A second operatic concert will be given
to-morrow afternoon at the Metropolitan
Temple by Mazzi, Collenz. Cioni and
Masiero, late of the Del Conte Opera
Company. Martinez will be the pfano ac-
COBlpaniSt and soloist.
SLEPT LIKE A CHILD.
GAINED TWENTY-SEVEN POUNDS IN FOUR
WEEKS.
THE STORY OF A SOLDIER.
From the Transcript, Peoria, 111.
No man is better known and liked In
that rich tier of Illinois counties. of which
Peoria is the center, than genial Chester
S. Harrington of Princeville, 111. For
many years Mr. Harrington has traveled
through the country on profitable jour
neys as an itinerant merchant, and every
where he goes he is given a hearty wel
come by the people who depend upon his
regular visits for the purchase of the
necessaries, and some of the luxuries of
life.
Mr. Harrington is a vrteran of the war,
and out of this circumstance grew the
train of acts that make up the remark
able experience which he related upon
the occasion of a visit to the Transcript
office recently. His story, telling of the
evils of which the Civil War was but the
beginning in his own, and in thousands of
other eases, was as follows:
"I served three years in the One Hun
dred and Twenty-fourth Illinois, enlisting
at Kewanee. 111. I was in Libby Prison,
and, of course, I suffered, like many an
other Northern soldier. Until recently I
was a member of the Princeville Post of
the G. A. R.
"The strain of army life did its work
in tandermining my health, although the
collapse did not come for years. For some
time I suffered from general debility
and nervousness so badly that I could not
I sleep. I would sit up night after night
nailing, because I couldn't get to sleep.
For fifteen years my sleep was complete
ly broken up. Indigestion, of course, re
sulted and my misery increased until it
j seemed 1 had nothing to live for. My eyes
began to fail, and a-s my body lost vital
ity my mind seemed to give way also. I
could scarcely remember events that
happened but a. few weeks before.
"I was unfitted for business, and had to
abandon the road for two years. I was
just able to creep around during the
' greater part of this time, and there were
times when I could not get up at all. My
, brother is a doctor, but all his efforts to
i help me failed to gtve me any relief.
"My friends suggested a great many
'■ things they thought would help me. and
! 1 tried a lot of remedies, without avail.
I Finally, having read a great many arti
i cles regarding cures that had been ef
■ fected by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for
: Pale People, I decided to try them. That
i was in 18%. I bought a box and took the
i pills according to instructions. Just four
j days later I had the happiest hours I had
known for years. That night I went
to sleep easily and slept soundly as
a child and awoke refreshed. Since
I then I have clung tight to Dr. Williams'
Pink Pills, and I have slept soundly and
gained health ever since. Three or four
weeks after beginning the treatment,
I when I had taken four boxes of the pills,
i I found I had Increased in weight from
i 119 pounds to 146 pounds. This greatly
j surprised my friends who thought that
Imy case was a hopeless one. I began my
work on the road again and I have con
tinued it right along ever since in excel
lent health.
"Let me tell you a remarkable thing
that was a side issue, but a valuable gain
to me. I found that while I was taking
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills I had been cured
of the smoking habit, which hnd been
formed when I was a boy, 6 years old,
j and which had clung to me all these years.
'. The craving for tobacco left me and I
have never experienced it since. I have
n< -ommended the pills to more than 150
people and I hope, if my experience is i
I made public, it will be of benefit to some
sufferer."
(Signe CHEgTER g HARRINGTON.
State of Illinois,
County of Peoria— ss.
Chester S. Harrington, being duly
sworn, deposes and says, that the mat
ters contained In the above statement
by him signed are true.
CHESTER S. HARRINGTON.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, a
notary public, this 15th day of July, 1597.
LINCOLN M. COY.
(Seal) Notary Public.
All the elements necessary to give new
I life and richness to the blood and restore
shattered nerves are contained, in a con
densed form, in Williams" Pink Pills
for Pale People. They are alao a specific
i for troubles peculiar to females, such as
! suppressions. Irregularities and all forms
jof weakness. In men they effect a rad
ical cure in all cases arising from mental
worry, overwork or excesses of what
ever nature. Dr. Williams" Pink Pills are
sold in boxes (never in loose bulk) at 60
cents a box or six boxes for $2 50, and
! may be had of all druggists, or direct by
t mail from Dr. Williams' Medicine Com
| pany, Schenectady, N. Y.
NEW TO-DAY.
One of Mrs. Pinkham's Talks
Concerning a Mother's Duty to Her Young Daughter. Together with a
Chat with Miss Marie Johnson.
The balance wheel of a woman's life is menstruation. On the proper per-
formance of this function depends her health.
Irregularity lays the foundation of many diseases, and is in itself symptom
_4rf!SEßß!£*>^ !of disease. It is of the greatest importance that regu-
Jft&r^ m^*'^K larity be accomplished as soon as possible after the flow
£jf nr'^rf^rPK \M Disturbance of the menstrual function poisons
mjff msr P^i Vci the blood. In young girls suppression develops
fji! &8.~ Yw latent inherited tendencies to scrofula or con-
Mil <6^h V^ «£pr lv sum P^i° » anc l no time must be lost in restoring
Ejff AM -y " ••■ill regularity. Many a young girl goes to her grave
PP-v \2e»* JW ' ' JfK because this difficulty has been thought lightly of,
n\\y^- ?J&° gt^W^SlA an( * lno^ ner as said, "Time will bring about a
TQ\ygjj^7^ff^M^ J/fx cure; she is young, I don't worry about her."
&%^^» 'P'jLiw^^^''^^ Mother, when you see your daughter languid
Jy^fiivi^MHp^ycPf and i erenti to things that usually interest a
Y^S^Hli £MsB&!gZaaru / young girl, when you note that flush on her cheek,
II ~^^Sy^py^^K^V I that glassy appearance in her eyee ; when your
0? &L \7~i«£ ,^_ Vgj daughter tells you that even the weight of her
E/P s***' ' xll dress waist oppresses her, and that she has terri-
1 ■jrfrrirXmCAn**' y^ tig pains in her stomach shortly after eating, don't
ignore these signs ! If you do, you will be follow*
Ing your daughter to the grave, for she will die !
. This is gospel truth — she is developing consumption of the bowels 1
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is the greatest regulator known
to medicine. Make haste to use it on the first appearance of the tell-tale
symptoms ; it will restore all the female organs to their normal condition.
Miss Marie Johnson's letter to Mrs. Pinkham, which follows, should inter*
est all mothers and young ladies. She says :
My health became so poor that I had to leave jSjfe^
school. I was tired all the time, and had dreadful pains Mk3sS^J^M\
in my side and back. I would have the headache jg-jjg JfcfSgH i£j&
bo badly that everything would appear black be- _^tM§&\i yjw&h
fore my eyes, and I could not go on with my J^H ? Hr'^? TwM^K
studies. I was also troubled with irregularity of Ma X? *-' iHfr
menses. I was very weak, and lost so much flesh ffi|ffi^r^^\^ "^Jfmm
that my friends became alarmed. My mother, who BJSPjtiS^y
is a firm believer in your remedies from experi- / /^Nr* * *^^^X
ence, thought perhaps they might benefit me, / £ j'l *»"V ?»l^Si\
and wrote you for advice. I followed the advice /^ 2. ■%. f jjjsyjj V *
you gave, and used Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable iK^ * V %UjA P \
Compound and Liver Pills as you directed, and am ■ -** £ y*K=*«»^
now as well as I ever was. I have gained flesh £ *•?-*■ [
and have a good color. lam completely cured of irregularity. Words cannot
express my gratitude, and I cannot thank you enough for your kind advice and
medicine." — Miss Marie F. Johnson, Centralia, Pa.
CANCER laniiiiiaiiMJi;
_ X^^ AWn TUMOR HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples. Coppor- f§
i»«^. \~~Z mLf 1 r\nll lUiflUn H colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores. Ulcora ■
rr i \'*\ij' r J CAIIITADIIIII Hin Mouth, Hair-Falling? Write cook rem-I
I * Vi^ig oAlillAnlUm edyco.. 213 masonic temple, ohi-h
V » JrWlTlßiiw 11 i/»iirr- n • CAGO, ILL., for proofs of euros. Capital ■
1 I £2mJtZ : ..XMMr NO KNIrtOP rain. n $500,000. Worst cases cured in li to 3j days, ■
t^ Jsak3^:^^{JjL-- NO PAY UNTIL CURED H IUO-pag"e book free. %
'■■■B^^^^K^J FREE with home tcs-
||3 timonials and exact i f"VT"V "SirmiTTTT mx^
WEttSiSS&B^ addresses of him- I} Ij !\/| I |\T IT T T^V
cured of large \J f\ jVJ IN IJI i S V
tf'mj 1 J ■ I Cancers, some 8 10 *' J - l '» -*-»-*- * -*- » «-'-*-* X 1. c
■ %jf M. J M land 12 lbs, in alcohol. HMTIS KNOWX AND RKLIABLE Or/t»
%^Hb^^ -^ I have positively cur- -*- Sp«-ia:ist Private, Nervous.Bloodatid Skin
ed over 1,000 Cancersin California in 8 yrs; 2 5 yrs l £ * S '"? of M< 7'7 ' on ' v - o Ma J? 1 / P" w **r restore.!. Over
nmn>tin> mv liimn In fhp hi-oict Is Tanrpr- -OyearsV.xperieuce. Send for Hook, free. .Patient*
lip to throat. If large it is then too late. i tlou free and sacrt-dlyconndenUa». Call or address
I S.R.CHAM LEY, M. D., OFFICE. 719 Market ST., S.F. p.RoscoEnnirLTT.n.D.,
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER ! 80« Ke»rn.r Streel. Fr»nci»c. CaL
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
.™ __ -..____^
•+J+©+o+o+«+«+o+o+o+©+o+ —
I PACIFIC COAST
• JOCKEY CLUB
+ (INGLESIDE TRACK).
* Six Running Races Daily, Rain op Shine.
•
• . . PROGRAMME FOR JUBILEE WEEK . .
SATURDAY— Lakeside Stakes, milt and a half ; Special for Three-
Tear-Olds, 1 Mile, and Mile and a Half Hurdle Bae*.
... FIRST RACE AT 2 P. M. . ■ ■
Southern Pacific Railroad Trains at 12:45 and 1:15 P.M. leave Third-Stre3t Station, stopping at
Valencia itreet. Returning Immediately after the last race. .
Electric Car — Kearny and Mission Street Cars every three minutes, direct to track without change.
All cross-town lines connect. The track is reached by all routes in from 30 to 40 minutes.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary. S. N. ANDROUS, President.
fbIVJMDIS GOTTIOB & CSussus J^llf^^^k^^!^^
MATIXEK TO-DAY. V^W^V^
TO-NlGHT— Sunday Night, and all Next Week. =-— '
Edward E. Rice's Superb Spectacle. ' MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY. JAN 28.
the girl" FROM PARIS Parquet, any Beat. 25c; Balcony IOc:ChU -
THE fllP I FROJVI PARIS « ren ' lOc - any P art -
VIlIVl^ rKUI'I ------- AL WILSON, German comedian; CRlM-
~*~~ s ~~*T^^*^^~?^l? J v : MINS & GORE, comedy duo; CARLETTA. ar-
• A Go From Start to Flnian. tlst elostlc; DOLLINE 'TOLE, America's bary-
~~ ! tone; THE BIOGRAPH, new life scenes: CAR-
rAllFflDNli THP4TPD I TER DE HAVEN, boy comedian: RICE &
WUrUKOIA inert. ELMER, horizontal bar artists: PROFESSOR
Bush St., Above Kearny; Tel. Main 1731. GALLANDO. HghtninK clay modeler.
MATINEE TO-DAY! Lwt Week of the Knaben' Kapelle— New Selections
To-night and Sunday— Last Three Performances ! "
COURTED INTO COURT. UIVTIVr rill)
Presented by Rich & Harris' Comedy Com- {11 1 1 1 njtl PAI If
pany. headed by Marie Dressier and John C. ««n*m* ■ rxm
Rice. .;;^. • AND ; '■
Next Monday— Closes for One TVeek. :
Sunday. " 6— "Black Patti'm Troubadours." KLONDIKE EXPOSITION !
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE. 1 | opens
Mas. Ernestine Krelixo, Proprietor it Manager j
LAST NIGHTS'. ~~" LAST NIGHTS! « A TURD A V EVENING,
Of the Romantic Irish Comic Opera, JAN. 29, 7:30 O'CLOCK, AT
"Brian RU -" MECHANICS' PAVILION,
Enlaced Chorus-Augmented Orchestra. COlltillllillg FIVC WeekS.
NEXT WEEK— The Merry Fantasie,
"THE PEARL OF PEKIN." '
o-^™ n»-«.,_tr,,™™. Special Opening Ceremonies— Fair Machinery
Song-Daneo— Humor. Started by President McKinley from Washing-
Popular prices 250 and 60c ton. Grand. Beautiful Pageant.
, ; i Music by Director Rogers and Bennett's Band
of Thir.y-Five Musicians.
A T /""I AT IK T~*\ Seats by Phone Everything in Perfect Working Order.
/\ I [ ,11 XZ\ IV „ . or, See the North Bloomfleld Mine! The Under-
fll-^Vr\^ni\ Main 254. ground Mine and Tunnel! Free Moving Pic-
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2:13. tUres! ***■ VieWs! TW ° Hundred Exhibits!
t-thelt -the 1 i"vi GHTNc™FARc n E- y> Admission 25 Cents. Children 15 Cents.
"ARABIAN NIGHTS!" Tickets on Sale Saturday All . Day.
MONDAY NIGHT— Celebrated Wailack. N. •
M V., Theater Success. BUSH-STREET THEATER.
VICTOR DURAND. The Thalia German Hebrew Opera Company.
Prices l °. 25c, 35c, 60c. • Saturday and Sunday Nljthts, Jan. 29 and 30,
i "FALL OF JERUSALEM."
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE. ; pB«p B « office °» en da "y from 10 a - mto 5:3 °
Walter Mcrosco Sole Lessee and Manager — ■ ; — — •
| Grand and Elaborate Production of Frank : VMPTA . Corner of Meson and
Har\'ey's Sensational Melodrama, **"-• *■ lJilr An - Eddy Streets.
, *' BROTHER FOR BROTHER." America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
Sensational Fire Scene. Iron Foundry In Full • KIRCHNER'S LADIES' ORCHESTRA!
Operation. - Jessie Millar. Cometist. and an Olio or Artists.
New Scenery, Comedy. Pathos, a Thrilling Plot. Admission Free. House Thoroughly Heated.
A Great Play by a Great Author. . ; — — — — — • ■•
Evening Prices, 10c, 25c, 50c. Matinees Sat- i ■ k
urday and Sunday. 59b^P*VK|~"~ i »^— ■« " '
■ ~ — " ' — — VT ' We will »end you afire (5) Any trial
'fT*> i i ¥ 4T~\ I T ¥ 'TP r« TME N ■ ca°lthos t&Z <■• c. C O. BiTiTnd'
\^^4 M^K I \_J \. J 1 M /— • RP-^?« a le B al guarantee that Calthob will
■^_^- mm. m. -m-~ m. m. M m. ft,^|P t ' v 1 BTOP»lMhareM«»4E»lMloii,
THE " CONDENSED CUBAN PATRIOT," Ifc\l4|
As Called by The Call. H^r^iEH It costs you nothing to try it.
Is the Smallest Woman on Earth! VonMoMCO. 44OB3ol«Am.rk»aA S u.r!«i r.»t!,a
She Receives EVERY AFTERNOON AND *' '■ '
EVENING at the CHUTES, Rain or Shine. __ .«-,«..,.«
— tOi Visit DRt JORDAN Great
10c to all. including Vaudeville; Children, Ec a) __ X ■ A
THE LYBECK CYCLE SKATING RINK. (fffigl 5,«.551!l w r ■ZVpT c P "r3i
Howard St., between Third and Fourth. I WTiL l " 1 ' ICASIIT BT.IIt. 6Jl * '■*> B.F.CIL
Moving Pictures and Optical Illusions. ■ » 9 The L » « » » l| i ndlntl ' '' rorld -
Orchestra music. Open dally from 9:30 a. m. I « WtMQ % no IDRHAM PrluaH rSk.-»iQP<s
to 12 m. 2to 4:30 p. m. 7tolop. m. General 1 SSStb \ D "' HUAnI — Knvate UlSeabes.
Admission. 10c; Gents' Slates. 15c: ' Ladles' | llf^nf A Comuit»tlon fr*«. ITrity for Book
Skates Free. A Dance Will Be Given Regu- B^B fi [vPhUoSODnV 01 M3fri2Coi
larly Every Wednesday and Saturday Even- '\ £ ™ rIIIIW»W|IiiJ ; wi maiiiagwi
Ings, Starting February 2. A O mailed FUCK.
78
WORLD OF SPORT
RANDOM NOTES
ABOUT
THE GALLOPERS.
It may be a subject for future contem
plation and regret among some of our
breeders that the big lumbering brown
horse Stromboli was allowed to be re
turned to his home in the land of the
Southern Cross neglected and neariyover
looked. When first brought to this coun
try by the late C. Bruce Lowe he was
placed in training, and under the guid
ance of Dan Halliday ran a number of
very creditable races at the old Bay Dis
trict track, one of his wins being at the
long price of 40 to 1. His suspicious leg
finally prevented further racing, and
he was bred to a number of mares, but it
was said a flaw in his pedigree held pros
pective buyers aloof. At any rate he was
one day put aboard of a steamer and
sailed away to Australia.
And now comes the first crop of two
year-olds. Banewor, a daughter of his,
brought the name of the departed brown
horse before the public by winning very
impressively the first time out with the
silk up, stepping off the three and a half
furlongs within half a second of the
coast record. Burns & Waterhouse, the
filly's owners, then began looking about
for more of his progeny.
Tom Boyle was the possessor of a big
colt by the Australian who loafed along
in his gallops until touched up one morn
ing with the whip, when he nearly ran
from under his rider. Willie Martin was j
then placed on the colt's back and he
ran four furlongs so handsomely that |
Burns & Wateihouse wrote out a check j
for $2500 and the i-mbryo racer changed
hands then and there. This looks a big
price to pay for an untried two-year-old,
and his career will be watched with in
terest. His dam. Clara D, produced Chev
alier, which never showed to be any
thing more than an ordinary Belling
plater.
An Eastern exchange states that the
managers of the Barksdale track gave a
bonus of $50 to every jockey landing a
horse winner with odds of over 10 to 1
against It, and that the California rider
Karvaez was one of the first to get the
coveted prize. On perusing this little
item a well known Eastern owner re
marked: "Well, it would be a good plan
if the management of the two big Cali
fornia tracks would hang up the. same
amount for every jockey finishing in
front astride a favorite."
Both Fleur de Lis and The Roman are
carded to be taken East and started in
one or more of the big spring handicaps
The run of The Roman on Thursday and
the defeat of Buck Massie by Stemler's
mare yesterday will probably not have
the effect of lessening their Imposts with
the handicapper. Perhaps when the
weights and entries are issued in the
near future the respective owners will
have changed their minds.
Many are inclined to look upon the per
formance of The Roman in Thursday's
handicap as a marvelous performance,
but the writer cannot see it in that light.
It was a rare good one, but not a great
run. To begin with, Morellito, the three
year-old, carried within one pound of his
entitled weight at the distance. Gazing
back through the formbook it will show
that Torsida, Count of Flanders and
some of the other three-year-olds have
taken the measure of the son of Morello.
On form, if Count of Flanders had been
one of the starters in the race he could
have strolled in at leisure. Another
thing, Ingleside track Is much faster than
formerly, and people are too prone f call
It slow; allowing two or three seconds
difference in time between it and Oak
land.
Conley is no longer worshipped as the
Idol of purity. On his arrival here his
admirers were wont to say that a barrel
of Klondike nuggets would not tempt the
colored wonder. Now. on several sides
complaints are heard of poor rides, which
are blamed to inactivity on the part of
"Longsbot." The game here is rotten to
the core, but it is to be hoped that Conley
has not met the tempter and fallen. He
can ride at a very useful weight and has
a brilliant future before him.
Since yesterday's race the Eddie Jones
Btock has faljen a trifle. The Morello
colt shouldered 12") pounds and made a
very creditable showing, but it was
pounds below hfs real form. It was gos
siped around the ring before the race
that the youngster had been given very
little work since his win of the stake at
Oakland on January 22. At that time he
looked as though a rest up would dn him
no harm, and thore is little doubt bat
that In the future he will redeem him
self. On the occasion of their match
race Jones gave Torsida a twenty-pound
beating, and there must be some cause
for his indifferent showing yesterday.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
OARSMEN ENTER THE
BASEBALL FIELD.
Some two hundred enthusiasts braved
the chilling: north wind that swept over
the Presidio Athletic grounds last Sun
day to witness the Ariels and Dolphins
open a series of baseball games to be
played by nines from the various rowing
clubs of the bay. The game proved a vic
tory for the Ariels. Those who went to
Bee ragged ball were very much disap
pointed. For four innings both nines
played like pennant winners, Roach of
the Dolphins holding the opposing side
down to two hits, while O"Connell. the
Ariel twirler, proved almost as big a
conundrum to the boys from North
Beach. The score at the end of the
fourth was two to one in favor of the
Dolphins. The fifth, however, proved a
veritable Klondike to the Ariels, and
from that time to the end of the game
their lead was never lessened. The score
was Ariels 18, Dolphins 7.
The next game will probably be be
tween the South Ends and the Ariels. To
morrow evening in consequence of their
defeat the Dolphins wil banquet the vic
tors.
Baseball has not, however, diminished
the Ariels 1 interest in rowing. Though
the weather of late has hardly been fav
orable to aquatic sports still the Ariels
have managed to keep their muscles lim
bered up. Not a Sunday passes that the
Eintraoht crew under the coach of J. B.
Barteaux does not take its weekly spin
of six miles, covering the stretch be
tween the boat house and Hunters Point.
Captain Ellis has started on the selection
of the senior crew. A number of new as
pirants for skiff honors have come to the
fore, notably William How and James
O'Connell. The Ariels have always h. Id
the championship in skiff events until
their hopes were upset at the last re
gatta. The lesson will, doubtless, prove
a good one.
Owing to the influx of members, the
Ariels have built forty new lockers to
accommodate the same. Much talk re
garding the purchase of a new racing
barge has been going on. and the chances
are that the natural enthusiasm that will
be awakened as the rowing season opens
will Induce them to do so. For the past
four years the lack of a good up-to-date
barge has been the main drawback to
their crews.
As soon as the Dolphins get over the
effects of their banquet they expect to
get down to active training. Prepara
tions for their picnic which is to be held
in February or March are under way. As
the proceeds will be used in building a
new racing barge every effort will be
made to make the affair a success. It
». l al^ that a week b efore the outing a
high Jinks will be held. Pape and Patch
will doubtless row the last race in the
series for the diamond medal. On the
"arne da >" jt ls expected that the junior
skiff men will compete for the Treadwell
medal.
W B. Hinchm.in was presented with a
handsome gold locket by the members of
the Alameda Rowing Club
WATER POLO CONTEST.
One of the most Interesting games of
water polo ever witnessed on the Pa
cific Coast will take place about the
middle of February at the Luriine Baths
between the Lurline Amateur Polo Team,
holders of the Spreckels cup. and the pro
fessional team of the California Swim
ming Club. After two years of match
making they have been brought together
tor the first time, and a great contest
will ensue. Among the players are tome
of the crackajacks of the country in
cluding Cornell, Huntington, Schulte, R
Stolle. F. Burnett, G. Hinkl.- and W
feparrowe, of the California Club and
P-imin. Brewer. Geddes, Cunha. Bozlr>
Friedman and Widaman, of the Lurlines
Cornell and Pomln will be the captains
of their respective teams.
FOOTBALL AT THE VELODROME.
There will be a football game at the
\ elodrome, corner of Baker and Fell
streets to-morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock
The line-up will be as follows:
Douglass Right end Shapitale
£ Ulln Right tackle Bucklev
Casey Right guard Fanning
Lonigan Center Swetinge
LnfTler (capt.)...Left guard Brecea
Middleton Left tackle Fritchel
g°ody Loft end Hayes
S°°" e y Ri X h t half Buckley
Hlckmann Left half Sermon
§,o, o . re --- Fullback ..Wllliamson(c)
Fltzmaurice Quarterback St. John
IN A PADDED CELL.
Louis Relnstetter Caused a Sen
satior) on poison) Street.
Louis Reinstetter, a marble cutter liv
ing at 416 Hayes street, created a sen.
sation on Folsom street, between Eighth
and Ninth, yesterday morning. He had
gone to the Vermont marble yard, on
Brannan street, to work, but was told
there would be nothing for him for a
couple of days. While walking along
Folsom street on his way back he grabbed
hold of a lady, and her screams brought
a crowd of men to her assistance. Reln
stetter ran along the street, pursued by
the mob, until he was finally captured
It would have gone hard with him if
a policeman had not appeared on the
scene. The officer saw at once that Rein
stetter was mentally unbalanced and he
rang for the patrol wagon and had him
taken to the Receiving Hospital There
he was so violent that it took the com
bined strength of five men to lock him up
in a padded cell. His brother called at
the hospital and said that Louis was
yery religiously inclined, and as he had
been very sick more or less recently Mb
brain had become affected.
Roberts Printing Company Falls.
The Roberts Printing Company of this
city has been declared insolvent. The
liabilities of the company are scheduled
at $15,468 20 and its assets at $8079 50.
ALEX C, BY GLENBEIGH-SADDLEBAGS.
This Winner of the Derby Pacific Coast Field Trials at Bakersfieid
is the Property of John Lucas of San Rafael.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JAXTJARY 29, 1898.
OLD SOL AGAIN
SHINES
ON PUGILISM.
At last It really appears as If the City
Fathers have recovered from their at
tark of coynese In the matter of refusing
permits for boxing contests to the local
clubs, and It will not be long until lovers
of the ring will be given opportunities
again to feast their eyes on the old la
mlllar sights. When the board granted a
permit to the Empire Club the Ice was
broken, and although the original inten
tion may have been to put up a sign,
"Danger!" near the break. It was hard to
see how the other clubs could be held off
without the appearance of rank favorit
ism. So three were granted yesterday.
Buena Ventura, Daughter of Luke Blackburn and Tommy Bell, Winner of the First
Two- Year-Old Event This Season.
Tet there Is no doubt of on© thing— that
Is, that the local clubs themselves are
largely responsible for the "frost" that
has lately scintillated on the gloves.
When they had things all their own way,
permits could be had for the asking, and
the public was taking enough Interest to
spend the glittering ducats on every cred
itable performance, the so-called "fight
promoters," In their blind avarice, pro
ceeded to hit the old goose that was lay-
Ing the golden <*Rg a whack on the head,
from which she is recovering but slowly.
In the first place, these Interested per
sons began to scramble over one another
in their endeavors to get the most per
mits, fearing that somebody would make
more money than the rest. Then some of
them Joined the ancient order of knights
of the sledgehammer, and did their very
best to "knock" everybody else in sight.
Not content with this display of Jealousy.
Borne of them even resorted* to the expe
diency of placing events on the board that
were a disgrace to pugilism; such, for
instance, as the Sharkey-Goddard amour.
And when the crash came these persons
were the loudest calamity-howlers.
It is hoped by all admirers of the manly
art that these things will not be repeated,
as many performances of that kind, com
ing after the Fltjssimmons fiasco, will lay
the old goose out dead as the proverbial
doornail.
Among those contests expected for the
future, one of the most interesting: ca.n
not fail to be that between George Green
and Tommy Ryan. th>- famous welter
weight. The National Club was notified
by telegram Thursday that Ryan would
board a "flyer" to-morrow and start for
this city. It Is the intention to match the
men to fight at catch weights some time
during the latter part of next month for
60 per cent of the gross reo-ipts. Gr<i-n
will have a slight advantage, probably.
ln the matter of weights, but realizes that
his man is a winder, and has already
gone into training. George has not yet
recovered from the sting of his defeat at
the hands of Joe Walcott. "the nachal
bo'n fightah," and will strain every nerve
to recover his lost laurels.
Another contest that fistiana is bear-
Ing well in mind is the proposed little
argument for superiority between the
"I-os Angelas Giant," Jim Jeffries, and
Thomas Sharkey, alleged warm exponent
of the iodine process in affairs financial.
It is commonly believed that this would
be a terrific encounter while it lasted, as
the men are both rough and heavy fight
ers, although few think the Vallejo ma
rine would fall to meet a Waterloo, with
no Grouchy on whom to lay the blame.
Jeffries' manager, Billy Delaney. has in
formed the National Club men that iiis
charge is ready for the fray any time a
permit can be had Sharkey, however,
shows a disposition to talk Klondike.
Other good event* are promised which
the sporting world is eager to have ma
terialize. But all unite In saying that no
more grasping for all In sight and no
more fake contests should be permitted
If they are, the sport will die a natural
death, in case the Supervisors do not en
ter the field with another attack of the
marble heart, and. In the language of
'Master of Cere-monks" Jordan. "Those
gents are likely to take a funny streak
at any old time."
At yesterday's meeting of the Health
and Police Committee, Chairman Delaney
and Supervisors Rivers. Rottanzl. Has
kins and Dovany present, permits for
contests were granted to the Olympic
Club, the National Club and the Occi
dental Club. Tho Olympics will give a
professional boxing contest in their club
rooms on the evening of February 3. The
committee will recommend that in this
case the usual license fee be remitted.
With no discussion whatever, the com
mittee voted to further recommend that
the Occidental Club be granted a permit
for a contest between March 1 and 15 and
for an exhibition by the Nationals be
tween February £0 and 28.
The San Francisco Athletic Club will
soon move into Its new building on Sixth
and Shipley streets. The membership of
the club Is now about 200. It has turned
out some of the best boxers and wrest
lers on the coast.
The new rooms will ue ready about
February 6, and will be fitted up with all
the paraphernalia dear to the heart of the
athlete. The first exhibition in the clubs
new quarters will be on the evening of
February 7, at which time Alex Greg
gains. Frank McOonnell and other well
known boxers will engage in scientific
sparring.
CHECK TO BE
PUT ON
PACED RELAYS.
The racing committee of the C. A.
C. C. will present an important amend
ment at the next meeting of the boarJ
on February 5, calculated to check il
legal pacing in the annual relay. It
is in effect that the committee shall
have power to appoint two judges for
each relay who shall patrol their re
spective relays and shall be empowered
to disqualify any rider \vh<* vio'ates
the rules. Such disqualification shall
be final. If this amendment passes, it
will probably have the desired effect.
Owing to the withdrawal of the Im
perial Cycling Club from the Cycle
Baseball League the schedule of games
has been revised and the season has
been shortened nearly a month. The
new schedule is as follows:
January &— Acme vs. California; Encl
nal vs. Road Club.
January 16 — Reliance vs. Olympic
Whrrlmen; Acme vs. Olympic Cyclers.
January 23 — California vs. Garden City;
Bay City vs. Turn Verein; Road Club vs.
Olympic Wheelmon.
January 30— Reliance vs. Enrlnals; Turn
Verein vs. Acme; Olympic Cyclers vs.
California.
F< l.ruary 6— Bay City vs. Reliance;
Road Club vs. Garden City; Acme vs.
Olympic Wheelm' n.
February 13 — Bncinal vs. Bay City
Turn Verein vs. Reliance; California vs.
Olympic Wheelmen.
February 20— Road Club vs. California:
Encinal vs. Garden City; Olympic Wheel
men vs. Bay City; Acme vs. Reliance.
February 27— Acme vs. Road Club;* Re
liance vs. California; Olympic Cyclers vs
Bay City; Garden City vs. Olympic
W heelmen.
March 6— Turn Verein vs. Olympic
Wheelmen; Acme vs. Encinal; Garden
City vs. Olympic Cyclers.
March 13— Road Club vs. Reliance: Turn
Verein vs. Olympic Cyclers; California
vs. Hay City.
March 2(>— Olympic Wheelmen vs. Encl
nals: Acme vs. Bay City; Turn Verein vs.
California; Reliance vs. Olympic Cyclers.
March 27— Turn Verein vs. Garden City;
Road Club vs. Bay City; Olympic Cyclers
vs. Encinals.
April 3— Acme vs. Garden City; Olympic
Wheelmen vs. Olympic Cyclers; Califor
nia vs. Encinals.
April 10— Bay City vs. Garden Cfty;
Turn Verein vs. Encinal; Road Club vs.
Olympic Cyclers.
April 17— Road Club vs. Turn Verein:
Reliance vs. Garden City.
The games of January 9, 16 and 23
have already been played. Of those
played last Sunday, Califorina won
from Garden City, Bay City from Turn-
Verein and Olympic Wheelmen from
Road Club. In the Bay Clty-Turn-
Vereln game John Mendel], a fielder
for the former nine, broke his arm
from throwing a ball.
The Bay City Wheelmen will have a
billiard and pool tournament next
month, commencing the 12th. Entries
close the 9th.
The Imperial Club members are look-
Ing forward with considerable pleasant
anticipation to their private masquer
ade on the evening of February 2 at
Union-square Hall.
The California Cycling Club and the
Olympic Cyclers" baseball teams will meet
to-morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock at the
Velodrome. The line-up will be as fol
lows:
California. Olympic.
A. R. Cunha Catcher A. Follansbee
A. Theisen Pitcher G. Head
C. Birdsail First base H. Cordes
R. Welsh Second base H. Monohan
D. Wrenn Shortstop W. Bradley
P. (ii.ason Third base J. Cosgrove
T. White Lett Held C. Hildebreeht
H. Anthony Center field F. Butz
A. G. Strei Right field C. Derhara
The Reliance Club will play the Enci
nals at Alameda, and the Acmes will go
to San Jose to meet the Turn Verein
Cyclers.
Captain Loos of the Olympic "Wheelmen
has appointed Lyman W. R. Cole as sec
ond lieutenant.
R. C. Lennie la back from the north,
and will leave in a fortnight for a trip
through Arizona and Southern California.
Bald is reported to have cleared $12,500
by his last season's work. Morin, the
Frenchman, made $13,500, and Bourrlllon
$15,000. Michael cleared twice as much as
Bald, his contests being for much larger
purses and fewer in number. Michael
won thirteen races, and only lost one.
He rode thirty exhibitions. Michael has
received many offers to go on the stage
and ride exhibitions on indoor tracks, at
a fabulous salary, but has declined all
of these, and after a much-needed rest
will prepare for a season of match races
in 189 S.
A. P. Swain, ex-president of the C. A.
C. C. fell from his wheel in the suburbs
of Oakland the other night, but fortunate
ly escaped serious Injury. A slight cut
on the back of his head was sowed up
by a neighboring druggist, whose ac
quaintance with Al's cycle racing pro
clivities led him to remark that that was
not the first time Al had been "sewed
up" on the road.
The famous Austral wheel race was run
in Melbourne December 18. The weather
was fine, and the estimated attendance
was from 25,000 to 30.000, the gate receipts
netting over $6000. The final was marred
by a fall, which threw Jackson, Walne,
Herd. Jewell and G. S. Scott out of it.
The finish resulted as follows: J. Carpen
ter, i-.j yards, first; A. J. Bode, 20 yards
second; J. T. Scott, 260 yards, third; A.
J. Berry. 145 yards, fourth. The first prize
was flOOO; second, $500; third, $125. James
Carpenter, the winner, is one of Victoria's
champion road riders.
Floyd A. McFarland. the San Jose rac
ing man, was in the city on a visit for a
few days this week.
"Brick" Kuhn, well-known in trade cir
cles, is in town, after an absence of sev
eral months. He is handling a new line
and has to cover the entire Pacific Slope
so his stay will be brief.
The Pan Francisco Road Club held a
jollification at the club house on Golden
Gate avenue last Monday night, which a
large number of members attended.
<;<ars for the coming season on the rac
ing path will be greatly Increased. Cycle
Ape says that American racing men will
follow the example of the foreigners, who
use much larger gears than have ever
b^en tried in this country. The ease
with which Gougoltz, the Frenchman
sprinted with a 96-gear, surprised the men
he defeated. A majority of the Ameri
cans use an 80-gear, and yet they could
not hold Gougoltz's sprint.
O. L. Pickard, of the Acme Club, Oak
land, who has been the assistant trainer
of Jimmy Michael in the East the past
season, has been secured to handle Tav
lore. Gougoltz and Lamberjack. the
French cracks, and Fulford and Wheel
ook. the English tandem record holders
Pickard was the most available man hav
ing been with Michael all the season, and
being thoroughly conversant with the dif
ficult art of handling pace successfully
The Reliance Club Wheelmen have ap
plied for a sanction for what will be the
first road-race of the season, a five-mile
event, to be held over the San Leandro-
Hnywarris course Sunday, February 6 It
is designed also as a try-out for the mem
bers who Intend to enter the annual
twenty-five mile handicap around the tri
angle on Washington's birthday
H. W. SPALDING.
CORINTHIANS ELECT OFFICERS.
At the annual meeting of the Corinthian
Yacht Club last Wednesday evening Carl
Westerfeld was elected commodore for
the ensuing term.
The newly elected comodore Is well
known In yachtnlg circles as part owner
of the speedy yacht Aeolls, which won
the San Francisco challenge cup by de
feating the Fawn. In the big inter-club
regatta last season It came in ahead of
all the other boats entered in Its class
Commodore Westerfeld is a clever sailor
and is also very popular among the
yachtsmen.
After the election an adjournment was
made to a well-known restaurant where
speeches were made by the newly elect
ed officers.
Songs were rendered by Messrs. Howe
Carroll, Pennell, Jack O'Brien, Erslne
and Young.
HANDBALL IN THE COURTS.
The following is the programme for to
morrow's game at Ryan's handball court-
T. McManus and W. White vs. J. Doo
ley and J. Nelson.
J. Hogan and D. Regan vs. T. Folev
and J. Kirby.
L. Waterman and E. McDonough vs N
J. Prendorgrast and D. J. Sheehan.
J. White and R. Murphy vs. E. Toy and
J. Collins.
J. Dowling and M. McLaughlln vs. P.
Ryan and M. Basch.
m. Joyce and E. Curley vs. D. Con
nelly and G. Dall.
J. Riordan and R. Linehan vs. J. C.
Nealon and T. F. Bonnet.
NEW TO-DAY.
It is no Astonishing
that each year adds to the -«?•",
wide reputation Dr. Miles' Wrififlof*
New System of Restoratiye yIIUCI
Remedies have attained, when each of the
thousands that hare ■ been cured of repeated
and prolonged attack* of headache, neuralgia,
sleeplessness, nervous prostration, loss of
appetite,' hysteria, epilepsy or any of the
hundreds of Ills growing out of a derangement
of the nervous system, tell their neighbors
■v . ... . that , the cure was ef-
Or. Miles f ft; ttot c or b nd health re *
Bold by all druggists a. i •
on guarantee 10 bene- \\ g\ gv+ /4f%f\
in-ner^ssTnt^
DR. UILES MEDICAL CO.. Elkhart, lad.
DUCK-HUNTERS
NOW
IN PARADISE.
Duck shooting la now at Its best, and
aportsmen are in clover all over the State
in those localities where the web-footed
birds are wont to flock. It is especially
good all the way down the coast. The
small coves of South San Francisco are
said to be covered continually lately with
a smoky haze from the gunners' ten
gaugcrs.
A meat inspector named Nelson, em
ployed in the interest of a large local
firm, states that on a recent trip to Baden
he was told by resident sportsmen that
the shooting is better than it has been
in years. San Francisco is well repre
sented in that place, and generally where
any kind of game is to be bagged in
abundance.
A stranger wandered into Shreve's gun
store yesterday and stated, while mak
ing a purchase, that he had just come
down from Reclamation Station, in So
noma County, and while there had bagged
sixty-nine ducks of different species.
The following letter speaks for Itself:
SUISUN, Cal., Jan. 26, 1898.
Sporting Editor of The Call— Dear Sir:
Splendid shooting can be had here at present.
Plenty of birds are in sight, and nice ones at
that. Mr. Sheldon, a San Francisco huntsman,
got twenty-eight fine blr<Js here the other day
in a short time. A Mr. Myers bagged eighteen
tine teals.
During the -week a party consisting of
Messrs. James Keyes of Suisun, Grant Chad
bourne, Lew Percy and Ed Hilborn went
down to the mouth of the Suisun Slough and
got 200 fine specimens. Including teals, mal
lards and widgeons. Tom Robinson, an under
sheriff, came home with forty birds.
Harry Corbett and a friend got 200 birds her«
Sunday. "Bogey" O'Donnell and six friends
announce their intention of taking a gunning
trip to Printrle's Pond, about one and a half
miles from Suisun. This pond has recently
been thrown open to hunters, and good sport
will doubtless be had there.
Last Sunday Charley Getchell and myself
did the best shooting of anybody. We got
sixty-seven nice ducks in no time. Bill Bryan
managed to bag eighteen fine teals and sprigs.
My yacht has been in constant requisition for
some time now and business In the gunning
line ia simply booming. Respectfully,
E. J. BELL.
Anglers In Russian River have been
reaping a harvest since the bar was
opened, but no catches made by any par
ticular persons are as yet reported. Un
lawful net fishing in certain localities la
said to be still on the tapis.
Next Saturday, February 5, being
the first Saturday in the month, the
North Pacific Coast Railroad will
dispatch a hunters' and anglers'
train for Point Reyes. Bay View,
Marshalls and Tomalcs, leaving via the
11:30 p. m. Sausalito ferry. The bulk of
travel by these special trains in the past
has been to Point Reyes, and even that
has fallen below expectations. While it
was thought that hunters would be glad
to get into the territory between Point
Reyes and Tomales. experience has de
veloped the fact that hunters do not ap
preciate the service, and unless a larger
number turn out next Saturday night it
will be the last midnight special for
sportsmen this season. The company
runs these sportsmen's trains irrespec
tive of the weather, and whether there
is one passenger or fifty.
If steelhead fishing In the Russian
River continues good next week the
North Pacific Coast Railroad, will run a
special train through to Duncans Mills
next Saturday night, leaving via the 11:30
o clock Sausalito ferry.
Pocketed the Money.
William Blakeley, a bartender, was
arrested last night by Detectives Ryan
and ODea and charged with embezzle
ment. Several days ago, it is claimed,
he received $20 from Laura Locks to bet
on a racehorse, which was selling at odds
of 8 to L The horse won and the woman
claims that Blakeley pocketed theamount
which was coming to her.
NEW TO-DAY.
DR. BWE ANY.
If you are suffering from the results of
Indiscretions of youth, or from excesses
of any kind in maturer years; or if you
have Shrunken Organs, Lame Back, Vari-
cocele. Rupture, exhaustive drains, etc.,
you should waste no time, but consult this
Great Specialist; he speedily and perma-
nently cures all diseases of Men and Wo-
men. Call on or write him to-day. He
can cure you. Valuable Book sent Free.
Address
IP. Li. S-WEAISrX-, M. D.
737 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful r.phrodlsiac . and specific tonic
for the sexual and urinary organs  of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of tha
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merita; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALPS & BRUKE. : Agents,
523 Market Street. S. (Send for Circular.)
j: A PERMANENT CURE 1
I A PERMANENT CURE I
1 1 'of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhea 5
'! and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 C
j , toys ; no other treatment required. 1 %
] I Sold by al l-druggists. . ;-i. V« ' 5 gCHECKS ON
YOSEMITE
ACCOUNT
Muddle Discussed at I
a Special Meeting
of the Board.
Letter From John F. Shee
han Stating That All
Bills Are Paid.
i
Governor Budd Requests the
Bank to Submit a State
ment.
FOR FUTURE SAFEGUARDS
Hereafter All Checks Must Be Coun
tersigned by One Member of the
Finance Committee.
A special meeting of the Board of ■
Tosemite Valley Commissioners was
held yesterday afternoon at 310 Pine
street to consider the accounts of John
P. Sheehan, the former secretary ana
treasurer of the board. Governor Budd,
president of the commission, presided
at the session. Commissioners Clinch, j
Givens, Goldberg, Foote and Kinney |
were present.
W. W. Foote, addressing the chair, ;
made a statement concerning the con
dition of the books when the new sec
retary. Mr. Lermen, received the docu
ments. Reference was made to the
number of claims marked paid which
"were not liquidated at the time the en
tries of payment were made on the
books. In the course of his remarks
Mr. Foote said:
"Mr. Shechan has refused to sur
render his bank book showing the
checks drawn en account of the Yosem
ite Commission. We have no means of
ascertainir.gr how many bills are un
paid and huw many are paid. My
judgment is that it is his duty to come
here and explain everything. He is
treating the commission in a degree of
insolence that ought not to be toler
ated."
A. H. Washburne of the Yosemlte |
Stage Company was asked if his bill j
had been paid, and he replied in the j
affirmative, stating that the checks
were received last Saturday. The
statement was made that Breyfogle's
bill had been paid since the last meet
ing of the committee that investigated
Ger.eral Sheehan's accounts.
At the suggestion of Commissioner
Clinch the secretary read the following
letter from General Sheehan:
-AN FRANCISCO. Jan. IS, IS9S.
To the Commissioners to Manage Yosemite ;
Valley an,l Marfposa Big Tree Grove:
Gentlemen— l beg to submit. In the first place,
that no shortage exists In the fund placed In
my charge with which to pay claims against
the Yosemw Commission, every claim of which
I have any knowledge or which the books «nd
State voucfc-rs show, having been paid either
.n cash Or by my check, the latter method j
boing £en< rally used owing to the fact that
nearly all claimants reside at a distance frctu
this office, jjvery claim not represented by a
voucher < - canceled check Is accounted for
by money in bank to cash outstanding checks, ,
? which I am at any time prepared to shov.-.
r which I am at any time on account of lent?,
All moneys paid to me on account of lent?.
■ etc., have been duly forwarded to the htate
Treasurer, as the monthly releases from ihe
State Controller on file In your office clearly
indicate.
The books show all receipts and expenditures
an', these are written up. Any expert can In
a short time ascertain whether I am right or ;
■wrong In the foregoing statements.
The secretary's bank account has no place ;
In this matter of rtlng. The law provide:*
no method by which the secretary and treas
urer shall pay out the moneys to claimant. ■
Sometimes he pays in cash, at other times by !
check or Wells. Fargo & Co., as may be con
venient. If he has checked out all the moneys j
to claimant? he must get the canceled checks
back, as they are his only vouchers. ESaeb
check, when returned, is his receipt chit he
has paid claim account of Yosemite voucher
!.The books and accounts of thY Yosemite
Thp books and accounts of th« Tosemite
Commission have been, many times, experted,
and during my term of office as well, and
there has never before been a demand that the
secretary turn over to his successor moneys In
bank against which he had issued checks, and
over which moneys he had no further control.
For two months past I have hardly been able I
to do any work, clerical or otherwise, but I
will cheerfully explain to my successor what I
know about the books, papers and affairs of
the . V Bemite Commission. Very respectfully,
JOHN P. SHEEHAN.
Commissioner Foot* insisted that the I
letter from Mr. Sheehaa was a false- I
hood. The Commissioner submitted a
list containing eighty-two items al
lowed by the board of which there was
no record of payment. The aggregate
of the list approximates $6000. The
Commissioner remarked: "The claims j
may have been paid since we institut- j
ed the investigation. Perhaps Sheehan
obtained the money from his rich and
influential relatives."
Commissioner Goldberg said the com- !
mission was entitled to a full state- |
ment from the bank of all the transac- j
tlons connected- with the commission.
Governor Budd therefore dictated
and signed the following notice to the
bank:
SAX FRANCISCO, Jan. 23, 1898.
To the Columbian Banking Company, San ;
Francisco, Cal.:
You are hereby notified that all checks,
japers, books and accounts In the possession \
of your bank to the credit of the Yosemlte i
Commissioners, or the secretary or treasurer of I
paid Yosemlte Commission, no matter by what I
name such secretary or treasurer may bo
known, is the property of the Board of Com
missioners to Manage the Yosemite Valley and
' Marlposa Blir Tree Grove, and you are re
quested to deliver the same to J. J. Lermen.
the present secretary and treasurer of such
commission. You are alao r<.'^ue.Tt?d to de
liver to him especially all checks tor money
paid on the order of thin commission, or of
• any secretary or treasurer hereof, to any per- ,
son whomsoever.
You are further requested to make a state
ment of the account of this commission, its
secretary or treasurer, with your bank Iran
January 1, Ih'.i6. to the present time.
A resolution was adopted directing
the finance committee of the commis
sion — (livens. Kinney and Clinch — !
make an examination of the accounts
and obtain from the State Controller a
statement of all moneys received on
account of leases and privileges. The ;
resolution authorizes the committee to \
employ an expert.
I Governor Budd made the explanation j
that .some bills back in 1595 had not I
been paid because one year the sum of
$11,000 was expended when only an ex- j
penditure of $3500 was authorized. The
money was expended for repairs, but '
none of the transactions, took place ;
•luring the administration of General j
Sheehan. His predecessor in office kept
the books then.
At the suggestion of Commissioner i
CMvens the rule was adopted that here- j
after all checks drawn by the secre
tary on account of the commission !
must be countersigned by one member j
of' the finance committee. All the
money received from the State la to be
deposited to the credit of the commis
sion. The Governor instructed the sec
tary to keep ledger accounts of all
Moneys received and disbursed.
. * Commissioner Kinney called up the
.. • matter of the lease .to Coffman &
Kinne, but the board decided to defer
consideration of the subject until Feb
ruary 3. The Commissioner Intimated j
that the holders of the lease had been
collecting more money than they were
entitled to receive.
Commissioner Foote insisted that
General Sheehan should be requested
to attend the meeting next Thursday.
The Governor replied: "I will ap
point Commissioner Foote a committee
of one to bring General Sheehan here
at that time."
Mr. Foote declined to serve.
TO RESTRAIN CLUNIE.
Foreign Insurance Companies Ask
to Have tbe Act of 1885 De
clared Null and Void.
United States Marshal Baldwin yester
day made his return of service of sum
mons on Insurance Commissioner An
drew J. Clunle in a suit brought by
thirty-four foreign fire insurance com
panies. The complaint recites that the
companies have each paid the $20 fee for
certificates as required by law. whlcn
certificates authorize the companies to
do business In this State. Tt sots up that
the act of tho Legislature of ]SSS requir
ing the payment of 1 per cent of all
premiums each year to counties and
Cities and counties by fire insurance com
panies not organized under the laws of
California, but doing business therein,
and providing for the disposition of such
premiums, la In violation of the constitu
tion of the State of California. Tt is also
alleged that none of the complainants
have paid any of the percentages requir
ed by the act. and if the act w.-r»» valid
there would be now due and payable from
them the sum of $278,000.
The complaint asks that the act of 18ST.
be declared null and void, and that the
Insurance Commissioner be enjoined and
restrained from proceeding against the
complainants.
T. C. Coogan, Wilson & Wilson, John
Garber and W. S. Goodfellow are coun
sel for the companies.
OSBORN IS ONCE
MORE IN CHARGE
The Pound Again in the Hands
of the Munici
pality.
Control Taken From the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelly to
Animals.
The Health and Folico Cnmmittpp of
the Board of Supervisors resumed its
inquiry into the management of the pub
lic pound yesterday, and after due delib
eration decided to recommend that the
management of the institution be taken
out of the hands of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals and
that Fred A. Osborn. poundmastrr under
the old regime, be returned to his posi
tion.
The action of the committee is based on
a large number of complaints that have
been received regarding the treatment of
animals that have been impounded dur
ing the last few weeks.
Secretary Holbrook of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, in
discussing the action of the committee of
the Supervisors recommending his re
moval as poundkeeper, said:
"This whole matter is due to my re
fusal to recognize orders from members
of the board to release impounded ani
mals without the payment of fees. Ever
since my appointment, sixty days ago,
they have been trying to trump up some
excuse for removing me. As a matter
of fact they do not want the society to
have charge of the pound, and I have
been told by several people, among them
one Supervisor, that my removal as
poundkeeper was only a question of time.
"Since I have been in charge 1 have
received numerous orders from members
of the board for the release of animals,
but have invariably refused to recognize
them, until last week, when the society
met and passed a resolution instructing
me to release animals on orders from
Supervisors and to charge the fee to the
society, bo the city would not sustain
financial loss.
"To show how absurd is the cnarge
that we are not properly performing our
work, I will state that last month we Im
pounded 1105 dogs — more than double tne
number ever impounded before in a sin
gle month. Then. too. the assertion that
the pound is unfit to keep an animal in
is just as ridiculous. I keep one man now
who does nothing but keep the place
clean, and the animals are well cared
for. As I said before, the committee is
simply fishing for an excuse to take the
pound out of the society's hands."
CHARTER-MAKERS
MEET AGAIN
The Matter of Public Utilities |
Under Considera
tion.
Important Provisions Adopted Con
cerning the Granting of
Franchises.
The Board of Freeholders elected to
frame a new charter for the city met
again yesterday afternoon and spent con
siderable time in discussing the manner in
which street railroad franchises may be
awarded in tho event of the charter being
adopted. Tt was finally decided to limit
all franchises to twenty-five years and to
award them to the highest bidder who,
in addition to his bid. guaranteed to the
city 3 per cent of the gross receipts of the
first five years. 4 per cent for the next ten
years and 5 per cent for the last ten
years. The sum thus obtained will be for
the Street Department.
It was also decided to have the Super
visors advertise annually for all goods
and materials required for the city's use;
the contracts to be let to the lowest bid
der. In the event of some article not ad
vertised for in the original bids being
afterward needed the Supervisors will be
required to award the contract for fur
nishing it by a system of competitive
bidding.
A section introduced by Dr. An
derson empowering the Supervisors to set
aside (25,000 to be used in sinking artesian
wells to supply the public buildings with
water was referred to the legislative com
mittee for consideration.
Another provision, introduced by A. W.
Thompson, providing that the eighteen
Supervisors to be elected under the char
ter be elected In the odd numbered years
was referred to the same eommlttee.
On motion of P. H. McCarthy, it was
decided to incorporate a section in the
charter providing that the letting of
franchises for heat, power, light, tele
phonic and telegraphic service be award
ed to the highest bidder, In the same
manner as rallroau franchises.
Divorce Suits Flied.
Edward Estrada has commenced suit
against his wife, Cora Estrada, for a di
vorce on the ground of desertion.
William W. Stover has filed suit for a
divorce from his wife, Ella M. Stover, on
the ground of desertion.
Joseph J- Warren has applied for a di
vorce from Annie May \\ arren on the
ground of cruelty.
Josephine Gron has applied for a di
vorce from Edward Charles Gron on the
ground of desertion.
Julia Henderick is the last on the list
of applicants for divorce and alleges that
her husband. Lyman Henderick, has
failed to provide for lur.
In the Divorce Courts.
Teresa Wall has besa granted a di
vorce from Edward Wall on the ground
of desertion.
O'Brien's Patent Spring, best and easi
est riding buggy made. Rubber or Kteel
tires. O'Brien & Sons, Golden Gate ave
nue and Polk Btreet. •
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JAXUAEY 29, 1898.
NOT VET
DONE WITH
WELBURN
Grand Jury at Work
Upon Another In
dictment.
It Will Contain at Least
Three New Charges
of Malfeasance.
None of the Old Matter Will
Be Used in the Pro
ceedings.
BUT WHERE IS THE MAN?
| Only a Faint Clew to the Where
abouts of the Ex-Revenue
Collector.
Notwithstanding the silence of the
United States Grand Jury it has been
an open secret that the Government
has not dropped the prosecution of ex-
Internal Revenue Collector Osca If.
Welburn. The acquittal of Mr. WM
! burn on an indictment containing
; forty-three distinct and separate
charges of embezzlement was a severe
disappointment to the prosecution, for
the case had been well prepared and
ably presented to the Jury by the
United States Attorney's office. Im-
FASTEST VESSEL ON THE PACIFIC COAST.
That Is What It Is Claimed the California Navigation Company's
Arrow Will Be,
She Will Run Out of Stockton in Connection With the Valley Road,
"The fastest vessel on the Pacific Coast," is what Hugh Corhrane, superintendent of the California Naviga
tion and Improvement Company, says its new boat for the Stockton route will be. She is to have a guaranteed
speed of twenty-two knots an hour, and will make the run from Stockton to San Francisco in five hours. She is
to run in connection with the San Joaquia Valley Railroad, and will carry nothing but passengers and through
freight. The only stopping place on the river will be at Antioch, and there the delay will only be a few minutes.
Owing to the number of turns in the river for the first ten miles out of Stockton, the steamer will only go at half
speed, but from that time on she will be rushed to San Francisco under full steam.
The new boat is to be called the Arrow. She will be something like the T. C. Walker and J. D. Peters, but
will have less beam and will be a feu fft— t shorter. Amidships and on the saloon deck there will be a large <-nace
Inclosed with glass. This will be luxuriously fitted up as a social hall, and in it passengers can sit or lounge and
get a view of the magnificent scenery through which the boat passes on her way up and own the river. State
rooms will be provided for about 300 passengers, and the Steamer will be lighted throughout by electricity. She
will be fitted with the latest device in steam steering gear, and will have every appliance on board that will tend to
the safety and comfort of the passengers. It is expected that the Arrow will make two trips a day. Leaving San
Francisco In the morning, she will reach Btockton early in the afternoon, and three or four hours later will start
back for San Francisco and be ready for the return trip the following morning. Owing to the great speed of the
boat, there will be no difficulty in h?r making the round trip each day.
The only vessels on the coast that will be able to approach the Arrow in speed are the Portland River boats.
They average twenty knots an hour, but the new boat will be their equal in luxurious fitting up and their superior
in speed. The engines for the Arrow are being built by the Pulton Imn Works and the hull is being constructed by
the California Navigation and Improvement Company. The vessel will be launched the latter part of next month
and will be ready for her trial trip early in M,-iy.
mediately after the acquittal Special
Revenue Agent Thrasher began gath
ering testimony for a second indict
ment on new charges, it being deemed
unwise to bring up any of the counts
on which Welburn had been acquitted
because his counsel could plead once
in jeopardy. Miss Cornell, who work
sd for a while in YVelburn's office, and
Miss Nellie O'Brien were examined be
fore the Grand Jury several weeks
ago and they told about their having
Signed vouchers for certain amounts
when they received lesser Bums from
Welburn.
Several other witnesses were exam
ined a? to similar transactions, and af
t. r aU the testimony had been gath
ered there was. and it still continues, ;i
long period of dolay. Week after week
passed by and no report came from the
Jury. Then it leaked out that there
was a hitch, and that It had been
caused by a disagreement between
Special Agent Thrasher and the United
States Attorney's office as to the man
ner or matter of the Indictment to be
submitted to the jury. The matter
was kept very secret, and both the
special agent and the United State,
Attorney's office declined to be inter
viewed on the subject.
It became known yrwterday. how
ever, that an agreement had been
reached by all the elements of the pros
ecution and that the Indictment would
be presented to the Jury next Tuesday
at the regular meeting, and that It
would be acted upon favorably to the
Government in aU probability. Where
Welburn is remains unknown to the
prosecution. Tlvre is no doubt in their
minds that he is purposely keeping out
of the way and concealing his present
place of abode. About a week ago the
authorities learned that a letter had
been received in the city by a friend
of the ex-Collector, the letter being
dated on December 29, and postmarked
January 10. Tt had been mailed at
Welburn'S old home in Amarillo,
Texas.
THE OMAHA EXPOSITION
Steps Taker) to Have California
Products Properly Repre
sented There Next Jur>e.
A meeting of representatives- from the
Board of Trade, Chamber of Commerce
and Merchants' Association was held >• . -
ttfl&ay afternoon to make arrangements
to have California properly represented
at the Trans-Missis^ippl International Ex
position which will open at Omaha next
June. It was the sense of the meeting
that an effort be made to have the min
eral exhibit at the Mechanics' Pavilion
sent there if possible. The several coun
ties of the State also will be asked to
send a display of their products.
A. A. Wntklns, chairman, was instrurt
ed to appoint one member apiece from the
Chamber of < "■■mmerce. Merchants' Asso
ciation, Manufacturers' and Produe-rs"
Association, Hoard of Trade of San Fran
ctoco, State Board of Trade, Miners' Asso
ciation. Board of Managers of the Miners'
Fair and the San Francisco County Min
ers' Association, to form a committee to
take charge of the matter. The com
mittee will be named to-day, and will on
Monday next appear before the Supervis
ors to ask for an appropriation.
CORTLAND-AVENUE CLUB.
A New Organization Formed at the
Base of Bernal heights.
The residents and property-owners on
Cortland avenue and Folsom street
have organized an improvement club for
that section of the Bernal Heights dis
trict.
The formation of this club. Judging
from the exigency of the many wants of
the families residing there, is a neces
sity, as up to the present time little or
no improvements have been mart.' tor
that portion of the city. The Spring
Valley Water Company, although the
Cortlaad reservoir is within a stum's
throw of the resident section, has failed
to run a serviceable main to any por
tion of the s.-ttlement. As a conse
quence the people are virtually without
a supply of fresh water. The families
must depend on pumps to furnish th«Mr
houses with the necessary drinking
fluid.
Another source of inconvenience felt ;
by the people is the difficulty in getting
to and from the city, or to the Mission
proper. One mile must be traveled to
reach the Mission street line, while the
Folsom street line at Precita avenue is
only three blocks distant, but It might
as well be three miles so far as they are
concerned, as the street is not cut
through. It is one of the additional ob
jects the club has in view, to have the
street cars continue from Ripley street
to Crescent avenue,
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors was generous enough to
pay the district an official visit laM
wii-k and on the representations made
to it by the executive committee of the
club, the City and County Surveyor was
Instructed to make a survey of the
ground and also form an estimate of the
probable expense of grading and paving
the three blocks.
Taking advantage of the presence of
the city's representatives in the section
the executive committee did not n< fleet
to have the need of some protection
against tire pointed out. It was shown
that the nearest engine and hoso cart
to the pine are located at Twenty
[ sixth and Valencia streets, fully two
miles distant. This condition Is equal
to do protection at all, as in ease of i
fire there is no possibility of extinguish
ing it until it consumes what it attacks.
The meeting Wednesday was well at
tended. There were over m property
owners present besides others who live
in tho neighborhood and they all
evinced a lively Interest In the meeting.
On the organization of the club one
wt « k ago the following officers were
d: Charles Thornberg, president:
J. Johansen, vice-president: M. Bogue.
irer; B. I>. McDonald, financial
LTy; W. Bell, recording secretary;
J. Frederick, sergeant-at-arms. Execu
tive committee; Fred Newbert, ML <".
Ferguson, C. Ahlgren, John Lennon,
and V. Wrenn.
STAG HIGH JINKS.
The Old prieods Celebrate Their
Fortieth) Anniversary as in
Days Gone By.
The orglnnl Old Friends organisation.
formed in this city In 188, held its
fortieth anniversary at Norman Hall, on
Bush street, last night. It was a "high
.links" of the real Old sort. Pipes made
from California wood ati-i tobacco ware
only permitted used on the occasion. It
was a pioneer gathering and there was
plenty to eat and drink For all who came.
Tbe Wasp Trjis Week-
In this week's Wacp the public, and the
members of the National Guard particu
larly, will find In the "Plain Talk to Pub
lic Characters" an address to Major-
QesMtml K. T. James. WhtOß Is worthy of
consideration. However, this is not tho
only striking feature of this most inter
esting weekly journal. In the "I'nder the
X Ray" department the medical profes
sion will find something entitled to Its
attention. And the musical criticisms of
rrofessoi A. l>ucchesl will be read with
appreciation. The society gossip, the
financial review and the "Old Maids
Diary" are all bright and readable as
usual. Two full pages of half-tone Illus
trations of the Jubilee day parade and a
page picturing the launching of the Jap
anese cruiser Chltose. besides half-tones
of a number of person. 1 ? and things of the
moment brighten the Wasp's pages. New
features are the colored cartoons, which.
by the way, are exceptionally clever, and
the "Photo Phrenological Studies." the
first of which appear in this week's is
sue. The Wasp shows improvement every
week.
ft Boy Missing.
Antonio Alvarez, a 19-year-old boy, 11 v-.
ing at 7214 Brondwiiy. Is missing from his
home, lie had been working at the
Union Iron Works, and nan not been seen
since yesterday morning at 6 o'clock,
when he left home for work. As the
young fellow has always )>•■( n very
steady, his mother and sister fear that
something has happened to him.
DEMOCRATS
MAT TRY A
LOVE FEAST
Preparing for a Meet
ing of the State Cen
tral Committee.
Resolutions Touching Ha
waiian Annexation Not
to Be Considered.
Loyal and Active Members of
the Committee Will Not Be
Dropped for Delinquency.
AN EARLY CONVENTION.
Sacramento Making a Vigorous Effort
to Gain the Prize— The Claims
of Los Angeles.
The meeting of the Democratic State
Central Committee at the California
Hotel to-day will be largely attended.
Many prominent Democrats came to
the city yesterday. Last evening W.
EL Alford of Tulare, chairman of the
committee: Frank Gould of Stockton.
John Markley. Isadore Alexander and
Peter Shiels of Sacramento, A. Cam
lnettl of Amador. Gavin McXab and
Judge Lawler of this city, together
with other Democrats, discussed the
proposed meeting and exchanged cam
paisrn reminiscences.
Chairman Alford, Gould. Caminrtti
and Markley expressed the opinion
that the committee would not enter
tain any resolutions relating to the
annexation of Hawaii, and it was
thought to be doubtful whether any
one would offer to Introduce the sub
ject. J<ihn Markley ooserved that it
had never been the policy of the com
mittee to adopt resolutions asserting
the principles of the party. He fan
cied that questions of party declara
tion on public affairs could safely be
left to the judgment of the State con
vention. Messrs. Alford. Gould and
Caminetti expressed similar views.
A caucus oi the leaders of the
party whs held yesterday afternoon
and various subjects were discussed.
In regard to annexation the fact was
cited that the party as represented in
Congreaa was against the measure,
and that a Democratic national ad
ministration had taken strong grounds
against the policy of annexing the
islands.
In view, therefore, of the known posi
tion of the party un the subject it was
determined that it would be unwise
to entertain a resolution on the subject
in the State Committee. The chair
man. Mr. Alford, announced that if
such resolution were offered he would
at once rule it out of order.
In regard to the delinquent list and
the proposition to dmp a large number
of the eommittofmen who had not paid
their assessments, it was the judgment
of the caucus that harsh measures
should not be enforced. Members of
the committee on the delinquent list
who were loyal and active workers |
during the last campaign will doubt
less .be reinstated. Others who were
indifferent to party success and neg
lected the interests of the party will
be dropped.
It is known to members of the State
Committee that E. L. Fitzgerald, who
draws down a salary as Labor Com
missioner of California, hut whose real
business is that of lobbyist in the in
terest of Hawaiian annexation, ha.s
been buzzing about for several weeks
to get members of the committee to
vote for a resolution instructing United
States Senator White to support an
nexation. Mr. Fitzgerald was at the
California Hotel last evening, bat had
nothing to say in favor of his pet
measure. He found early in the day
yesterday that the mission in which he
had engaged was not popular with
members of the committee.
It was obvious to the Labor Commis
sioner yesterday that his influence in
the party was very slipht since he could
not get a member of the committee
to present a resolution which lie has
been carrying around for the last
fortnight. When the committee ad
journs to-day he may deem it wise to
return to the office of Labor Commis
sioner and see whether he cannot find
something there in the line of official
duty to engage his time and energies.
Measured by ordinary standard^ >?«» is
a flat failure as a lobbyist for annexa
tion, but measured by his lack of use
fulness as a Labor Commissioner some
distinction may apply to him as a lob
byist.
In an interview published at twilight
Fitzgerald spoke of having had proxies
tendered to him for use in the commit
tee meeting to-day. It was said by
leading Democrats last night that one
of the first rules to be established to
day would be one limiting the use of
proxies to members of the State Com
mittee. The Labor Commissioner is
not a member of the State Commit
tee.
The chances are that the committee
to-day will not consider the place or
time for holding the next State conven
tion of the party. Sacramento is mak
ing a vigorous effort to secure the prize,
and a committee of interested citizens
from the capital caucused at the Pal
ace Hotel last night on the subject.
Pressure may be brought to bear to
persuade members of the committee to
take up the matter at this meeting. It
was mentioned in the general talk of
committeemen at the California Hotel
last night that a half-way promise
was made four years ago, when Sacra
mento was chosen as the meeting place,
that Los Angeles should have the next
turn.
The new primary election law will
engage the attention of the committee
In the session to-day. Steps may be
taken to authorize counsel to represent
the party in court. The indications
are that the party will hold an early
convention this year.
LABOR'S WANTS
IN THE CHARTER
Resolutions to Be Presented
to the New Free
holders.
The Labor Council Holds Its Semi-
Ann ual Election of
Officers*.
Organized labor wants a new charter
for the city and county of San Fran
cisco, and is determined to use every
possible method to get not only a new
charter, but one in which the working
man will receive a fair recognition.
The labor council a few weeks ago ap
pointed a committee to draft a set of
resolutions for presentation to the new
Board of Freeholders, and last night
the committee reported as follows:
The committee on charter recommended that
the following features are especially desirable
In framing the chatter:
1. Maximum hour* and minimum wages on all
public work!", as adopted by the charter con
vention, to which be added: The minimum
wages of skilled labor, the latter term to mean
members of trades unions, to be the ruling
trades union rate.
2 All public work to be done by the city and
county, and the abolition of the contract sys
3. Public ownership of public utilities, street
cars, gas, electric lights, water, etc., existing
utilities to be acquired by the city and county
upon the expiration of their franchises or con
tracts.
4. Initiative and referendum upon any or
all ordinances u:>on petition of 10 per cent of
the votes cast at the last preceding election.
5 Power of submitting amendments to the
charter on petition of 15 per cent of the votes
cast at the last general election.
6. Free books for pupils of public schools.
7. All public officers at present elective to
remain so. A Board of Supervisor* large
i enough to permit of the selection of alt public
commissions from Its members.
S. We would also recommend that the elec
tion commissioners be requested to submit the
charter to the people at a general election, so
as to give every citizen an untrammeled oppor
tunity to cast his vote. .';V ". :-
If these clauses are inserted in the new
charter, particularly those referring to
the initiative and referendum and the
control of public utilities, it will receive
tht> unanimous support of the trades
unions affiliated with the Labor Council,
while if they are not recognized all the
forces of organized labor will combine to
defeat the new document.
Thr regular semi-annual election of of
ficers was held last night, resulting as
follows: President, J. HiH; vice-presi
dent. M. Davis: recording and corre
sponding 'secretary. Ed Rosenberg: finan
cial secretary, J. Walter: treasurer. J.
Halk: sergeaht-at-arms, W. Dove; execu
tive oommitt<-<\ W. Macarthur. J. Hill. J.
K. rhillins. W. Meares. M. Davis. James
T\ McAuliffe. J. Halk: organizing com
mittee. W. Macarthur. Ch. Schupper* , C.
S. Coolidge. S. L. Robbins. "William Kane;
law and legislative committee, W. C.
Ackerman. F. Borgel. C. E. Hawkes.
James Hennigan, A. Furuseth; trustees,
W. Daley, w. B. Benoist. Theo. P. Fluhr.
The Musicians' Union reported that the
Lybeck Cycle Skating Rink, located on
Howard street, wa? employing a non
union band, and that the proprietor had
refused to change to union musicians on
the ground that the non-union men were
cheaper anil he did not think a change
would materially affect his v receipts. The
matter was placed in the" hands of the
executive committee, and the attention
of all affiliated unions will be called to
the matter.
Girl Graduates' Concert.
A very successful concert was given by
the class of '98 of the Sacred Heart Pre
sentation Convent last evening. The girl
graduates, with the assistance of several
young members of the Order of the Holy
Cross, rendered the second act of "Oli
vette." Miss M. Cavanaugh as Olivette
and Miss M. B. Mulcare as the Countess,
being especially good. The girls were
assisted by F. Michaelena. J. Marquardt,
Mrs. J. Sexton Hutton, Mrs. L. Walsh,
Mr>. G. R. Cole and Jacob Mueller. Mrs.
J. Sexton Hutton, wife of H. W. Hutton,
the lawyer, who was for several years a
very popular operatic singer known as
Inez Sexton, was the favorite of the
evening. She opened the concert with
Mascagnl's "Avc Maria," and was three
times encored.
The concert was under the manage
ment of Mine. Inez Fabbri Mueller.
Sergeant Shea Maizes a Raid.
Sergeant Shea and his posse made an
other raid on the Chinese clubs last
♦■veiling, and succeeded in capturing
about fifty gamblers. Two clubs wore
entered by the officers— one at 829)4 Jack
son street, and the other at 817*2 Wash
ington. Galloway and Morton grained ad
mission to the rooms by disguising them
selvea as Chinamen, and, besides the men,
captured the two fantan outfits, and
about $75 was taken.
To Dedicate a New Hall-
A meeting; of the Sodality of St. Aloy
slus will be held to-morrow at 8 o'clock
In the assembly room of the French
church, on Bush street. In addition to
the ordinary routine work an installa
tion of new members will be held. After
the enrollment of these members 'the
beautiful hall, which is to be the future
headquarters of the sodality, will be
dedicated.
NEW TO-DAY.
I *The Modem STOVE POLISH. I
B ( Produces a JET BLACK enamel gloss. Diistless, Odorless, Labor ?,^y
gjl Sayin? . 5 and 10 cent boxes. Try it on your Cycle Chain. |'M
§3 J. L PRESCOTT & CO.. NEW YORK. MS
THE FICKLE
FAIR FLED
FROM HIM
Swiftwater Bill's Wife
Refused to Live
With Him.
Says Her Husband Loved
Sister Better Than
Herself.
The Painful Story of an Alaskan
Miner and Two San Fran
cisco Women.
WIFE NOT EMPTY-HANDED
Has Valuable Mining Property in tho
North and $10,000 Worth
of Stock.
After braving the rigors of an Arctic
winter and successfully navigating the
swift swirling waters of the fearful
White Horse rapids, Swiftwater Bill,
King of the Klondike by the grace of
luck, husband through the kindness of
Miss Gracie Bush, otherwise known as
Miss Gracie La Moore, prospective de
fendant in a divorce case through the
frailty of human nature, and philoso
pher by his own statements, has come
to grief in the gently running waters of
matrimony.
The story of Mr. Rapid Water, whose
Christian name is William C. Gates
has already been published in the daily
papers ad nauseam. First he became
celebrated as the owner of untold mil
lions of gold that lay hidden in his
claims along the banks of the Bonanza.
Secondly he jumped into fame as the
man who offered Miss Gussie La Moore,
the actress, a coal-oil can containing
fifty thousand dollars' worth of gold
dust to marry him. Thirdly he was
made the subject of newspaper con
gratulations upon the refusal of the
aforesaid lady to share his lot. Fourth
ly he sprung into prominence again by
marrying Gracie, the sister of his first
love, after a week's acquaintance, and
now he reaches the climax of his me
teor-like career by falling in love, hia
wife claims, with still another branch
of the same bush, by name Nelly, who
resides at the family manshion on
Bryant street; and being in a fair way
to become the defendant in the divorce
proceedings that his irate spouse has re
tained Attorney Henry E. Monroe to
institute.
For a week past rumors and counter
rumors have been floating around the
corridors of the Baldwin Hotel con
cerning the marital difficulties in the
Gates family. These rumors were per
sistently denied by all the parties con
cerned in the matter until last Wednes
day night, when Mrs. Gates, after a
stormy scene in her apartments, pack
ed up her clothes and left, vowing that
she would continue no longer as the
obedient wife of a man who loved her
sister better than herself. She went
down and took her abode at her moth
er's home, on Bryant street, refusing
all overtures of a conciliatory nature
from the abandoned Bill, and yester
day she visited her attorney, with the
result already set forth.
Mr. Bill was seen last evening in his
apartments at the Baldwin, and inter
viewed concerning his trouble.
"Yes," said Gate 3, "1 guess you are
right ■ about there being some trouble
between Gracie and myself. She has
gone down to a lawyer fellow and re
tained him to do something or other,
but what, I don't know. May be she's
going to try to get a divorce, but in di
vorce suits they have to serve some
kind of papers or other, don't they?
Well. I haven't had any papers of any
kind, yet. What was the trouble? Well.
Gracie never said right out and out
what she was kicking at, but," with a
self-satisfleS smile, ''she was Jealous
of her sister Nellie. You see, I used
to josh her considerable, so last
Wedneday night she got up and
waltzed out of this room, and she ain't
been back since."
"Have you seen her since?"
"Lord, yes. I was with her all to
night. Where? Oh, I met her by ap
pointment in the office of my attorneys,
Reddy, Campbell & Metson, and we
had an interview for about an hour."
"Was it a pleasant one, Mr. Gates?"
"Well, I don't know what you call
pleasant, but we passed about an hour
and she hugged me all the time.so I
guess that wasn't so bad, was it?"
"Did you come to any agreement?"
"None In particular, excepting Gracis
told me to wait a week and see if I
loved her or not before doing anything.
so I guess may be I will. She can in
stitute all the divorce proceedings or
any other game she wants. I don't
know whether I'll fight it or not until
I find out what she wants a divorce
for. if she wants it at all. But if I do
fisjht- it I can beat her at every turn
of the road on any sort of a proposi
"Well, are there any property con
siderations Hkely to come up? Have
you made anything over to your wife,
Mr. Gates?"
"Yes, I have given her about $10,000
in Alaskan property and about $10,000
worth of stock in my company. Oh,
I always treated her well!"
"Don't you rather regret your some
what unusual experiences with San
Francisco femininity?"
"No, I don't regret a thing. I have
got nothing to regret, noway." which
pleasant statement, accompanied by a
charming smile which shone through
the clouds of tobacco like the rising
sun in a fog, concluded the interview.
As the visitor left the room he heard
a somewhat coarse voice follow him
down the hall, which said. "Say. young
fellow, if you want my picture I'll give
you an order on a photographer where
they are having some taken, which
they say will be fine."
The rnarriape took place about a
month ago, shortly after Swiftwater's
return from Alaska.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD
PIMMARY.
Silver a fraction firmer.
Wheat Improved again. Barley easier.
Further advance In Oats.
White Corn scarce.
Hay and Feedstuffs firm.
Beans about the same.
Coffee weaker.
Several Coast Coals advanced
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Batter and Eggs firmer.
Poultry in heavy supply. Game cheap.
Oranges sold well at auction.
Limes almost out of market.
No change In Dried Fruits.
Pork products expected to advance.
Wool, Hops and Hides the same.
Hogs off a fraction. Beef and Mutton un
changed.
■ Twelve failures last week.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 12
failures in the Pacific Coast States and Terri
tories for the week ending yesterday, as com
pared with IS for the previous week and 2S
for the corresponding week of 1817. : The fail
ure? for the past week are divided among the
trades as fololws: Cigars and tobacco, 1; fruits
and confectionery, 1 ; dry goods and ladies"
underwear, 1; general store*. 4; horse dealer,
1; grocer, 1; drugs, 1; restaurant, 1; dairy. 1.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station indicate maximum temperature
for the days; those underneath It, If any, the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow In inches i
Rnd hundredth? during the past twelve hours.
Isobar?, or solid lines, connect points of equal |
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal j
temperature. The word "high" means high j
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied j
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres-
Fure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and smith alone: the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low" is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is lm
prohable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions win produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
filOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 28, UN, 5 p. m.
The following are the rainfalls for the past ,
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to I
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 18.68 23. 68
n-d Bluff 0 6.fiO 13.27
Sacramento 8 5.36 7.67 ,
San Francisco 0 5.19 11.47
Fresno 0 2.30 B.OS
San Luis Obispo Trace 2.86 9.57
Los Anceles 0.02 3.77 8.48
San Diego 0.04 3.30 7.33
Yuma 0.15 1.26 4. 51
San Francisco temperature: Maximum. 53; ;
minimum. 89; mean. 46.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has fallen during the past 24
hours over Utah, Nevada. Southern Idaho and
Northern Washington. It has risen rapidly
over the upper Missouri Valley.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary over the country west of the Rocky
. Mountains. In the great valleys of California
the temperature is about normal.
Rain has fallen In California south of the
Tehachapi and In Arizona.
A maximum wind velocity of 26 miles per
hour from the east is reported at Tatoosh
Island.
• Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, January 29. 1898:
Northern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather Saturday, probably showers on the
coast: westerly, changing to 'southeasterly
•winds. •. ■: ■,-•-
Southern California— Cloudy Saturday, with
Showers early Saturday morning; southerly
wind*.
Nevada — Fair Saturday.
Utah— Cloudy Saturday.
Arizona -Rain early Saturday morning;
cloudy Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy and un
fettled weather Saturday, probably showers In
the afternoon: westerly, changing to south
easterly winds.
Sjrprial report from Mount Tamalpais, taken
t* ." )■ m.— Clear; wind north. E miles per hour;
J -mire, 43; maximum temperature. 4S de
trees. ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NKW YORK. Jan. 2R.-To-day's stork market '
Hhowed signs of a struggle by the bulls to sus
tain prices while they were taking their
profits. They were moderately successful and
Fold large blocks of stock which have been
recent speculative favorites without producing
any marked declines elsewhere in the list.
Northern Pacific preferred shows a net gain
for to-day. Viut the declines in the others were
r.ct sufficient to uncover any large number of
utop-loss order?. The sharp gains In special
storks at different times during the day were
evidently due to manipulation for the purpose
of sustaining the general market. This, to
gether with the higher range of prices report
ed from London this morning kept stocks well
above last night? level during the early part
of the day. btft the closing showed an easy
tone, with prices generally at the lowest. New
York Central was conspicuous under realizing
pressure after the opening and closed V 6 lower
than the day's high point. Kansas and Texas
preferred showed an extreme decline of 1%
and Rock Island of a full per cent. Heaviness
of the Granger group was another factor in the
decline. London was a heavy seller, espe
cially fif New York Central. This added to
the heavy tone to quite a marked extent. Still
another factor on the side of the reactionists
was the weakness in the unthraeite group, de
clines in some of Us members reaching a
point. The local New York group added the
weight of its weakness to the burden of the
bulls. The sudden spurts of strength shown by
Northwest, LoutevtlM, Denver preferred and a
few other stocks proved unavailing to coun
teract the general low tendency. Exchange
harde; . n tor demand in response to
London continued ■elilng at ■tocka here. The
announcement of the withdrawal of £jo,ooo in
rom the Hank of England for shipment
to the United States was Without any effect
here. Reports from London during the earlier
dealings here showed prices for Americans
higher and active, the speech of the President
last night being assigned as the cause. The
anticipation of this speech has been used for
several days by the bulls in Wall street and
the realizing to-day after its delivery was in
accordance with the practice of professional
traders.
Business in the bond market continued on w
heavy scale, and prices generally are higher.
There were single transactions in par valufr
of $160,000 and $75,000 of the Union Pacific pur
chase certificates; $125,000 of Atchison adjust
ment 4b and of $100,000 of Erie 4s. Total sales,
$3,660,001.
T'nited States 4s registered, \ higher; the
new >.4. 4 higher hid and the 4s, old coupon. an<T
th<> 5?. ! i, higher.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 473. 900
shares, including: A.tchl*on preferred, 14.U19;
Burlington. 25.526; C. C. C. * St. I-.. 33M;
Denver and Rio Grande preferred. 9170; Erie
preferred. 4078; I-. ft N.. 12. 132; Manhattan,
14,920: Heading pref'-rred. KSO; Missouri Tn
ciflc. U.JIO; M . K. & T. j>referred. 17,850; New
Tork Central. 35,368; Northern Pacific. 25,34.1;
do preferred, 49,531; Rock Island, 30,828; Bt.
Paul, 17,!»50; St. Paul and Omaha, 4880: SwutTi
«rn pref erred, 4004; Union Pacific, 29,681; To
bacco, E215; Chicago Great Western. 12.000: Peo
ple's Gas, 10,005: General Electric. 3245; Sugar,
24.687; Western Union. 37«<>.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson Hi, St P A Om 75%
Do pref SI • Do Dref US
Bait & Ohio 13 St PM & M : 1214
Canada Par *>!• Bo Pacific 20
Canada South .... 544 So Railway ■••«
Cent Pac ■13 V Do pref 30<4
Ches & Ohio .... 22Vi Tex & Pac ll »
Chi & Alton ....165 Union Pac 334
C B & Q 99*4 i' P D & G '• 4
Chi & E 111 694 Wabanh 7H
CC C& St L.... 35T« Do pref 18%
Do re f SO Wheel & L E.... 34
Del & Hud 1124 Do pref 134
Del L &- W 153 Express Companies-
Den & R G 13"- Adams Ex 169
Do pref '-AJ American Ex ...... 119
Erie (new) T.S-, United States .... 41
Do Ist pref 38Ti Wells Fargo 112
Ft Wayne 170 Miscellaneous —
Gt Nor pref 132 A Cot Oil 21 T 4
Hocking Val 6% Do pref 76%
Illinois Cent IOSV4 ; Amn Spirits 8%
Lake Erie AW.. 17 Do t>ref 21
Do pref 72 ,Am Tobacco .... S7H
Lake Shore 1784 Do pref 113
Louis & Nash.... :.r,=V People Gas 96* i
Manhattan L .... 1164 Cons Gas 191
Met st Ry 145% Com Cab Co 173
Mich Cent 1061,4 Col F & 1r0n.... 24%
Minn & St L.... 24<4 Do pref .• 70
Do Ist pref .... S3 Gen Elec r-"-
Mo Pacific "4 7 .» Illinois Steel 54
Mob St Ohio 30 Laclede Gas 44
Mo X & T 134 Lead 35%
Do pref 395, Do pref 107
Chi Ind & L 94 Nat Lin OH 13
Do pref 32U Or Imp Co 27% 1
N J Cent 94 j Pacific Mall 814
N T Cent 118% j Pullman Pal ..„ 177%
X T C & St L..... 144 Silver Cert 664
Do Ist pref .... 71 I Stand R A T 4
Do 2.1s pref 39 Sugar 137
Nor West ........ 14% Do pref 11*4 !
No Amer Co 6% T C & Iron 25%
No Pacific 27% U B Leather 6% ,
Do pref 67 Do pref 644
Ontario & W 17% U S Rubber 164
Or R A Nay 45 I Do pref 66
Or Short Line.... 24% West Union 904
PUtsrmrg IKS C& N W 12*4
Reading "<j , Do pref 165
Do Ist pref 51 St LAS W 44
Rock Island 93% Do pref 10
Ft L • S F 7S R G *V 22
Do let prof MIL, Do pref 664
Do 2ds pref .... 264 Chi G W 144
St Paul 93**, Haw Com Co 304
Do pref 1444
CLOSING BONDS.
D S new 4s reg.. 127%. M J C 5* 113
Do coup 129 1 * Carolina Ists.. 125
D S 4s ..» 113>4l Do 4s 105
Do coup 114S No Pac Ists 117
Do 2ds 100 Do 3s 634 I
U S 6s reg 113% Do 4s t€%
Do 5s coup .... 114% N V C *. S L 45.. 106 7 «
District 3 65b 117% Nor & W 6b 1244 i
Ala class A li>B Northwstrn cons. 1444
Do B 10S Do deb 5s 118
Do C 100 O Nay Ists 115
Do Currency . . . 100 O Nay 4s 96
Atchlson 4s 924 1 O S Line 6s tr... 12W
Do adj 4s 60 OS Line 5s tr 99'#
Can So 2ds 109 O imp lsts tr 110
Chi Term 4s Ss4j Do Ss tr SSli
C & Ohio 5s 113% Pacific 6s of 95.. 104
C II & D 445.... 104% Reading 4s M'»
D & R G Ists.... 109 R G v\* lsts M
D & R G 48 944 St L & I M C 65.. 904
East Term lsts.. 107 S L & S F G 6s. 1174
Erie Gen 4s 71 St P Con 1394 i
F W & D lsts tr.. 744 St P C & P lsts.. 121
Gen Elec 5s 100% Do 6s 1164 |
GHA S A 65.... 106 So Ry 6s 92%
Do 2ds 104 Stan R & T 65.. 60
H & T C 5a 110 Term new set 35.. 87
Do con 6s 106 T & P L G lsts.. 101
lowa C Ists 100 Do rg Ids S3
Kan P Con tr.... 99% Union Pac Ists 121
X P Ist D tr.... 119 U P D & G Ists.. 54%
I.a new cons 45.. 102 Wab Ist 5s 1084
L A N Unl 45.... S6 Do 2ds S2H
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s 15?%
M X & T 2d5.... 67 Va Centuries 71
Furl 6s 100 Do deferred .... I^.^
& T 2d5.... 67 Va Centuries 71
4s SV-4 Do deferred 3
N V Cent Ists 116%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 30 Ontario 2 60
Crown Point 20 Ophlr 50 |
Con Cal & Va.... 100 Plymouth 08
Deadwood SO Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry.. 30 Do pref 300
Hale & Norcrs... 1 20 Sierra Nevada 60
Homestake 40 00 Standard 135 !
Iron Silver 35 Union Con 32
Mexican 20 Yellow Jacket .. 25
BOSTON.
BOSTON, Jan. Atchlson. 13: Bell Tele
phone, 26 7 *; Burlington, 99%: Mexican Central,
5%; Oregon Short Line, 24; San Diego, .
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Jan. 28.— FLOUR— Receipts, j
14.220 barrels; exports, 15,418 barrels. Strong,
but quiet. City mill patents, $5 70@6; city mill
clears, $5 45@5 60: winter straits, $4 5034 65;
Minnesota patents, $5 20tj5 45; Minnesota bak
ers'. *4 25® 4 50: winter extras. $3 60<33 90.
WHEAT— 66.425 bushels; exports.
75,204 fcushels. Spot firm; No. 2 red, $1 OS.
Options opened easier owing to disappointing
Liverpool cables, rallied on active covering
stimulated by sharp advance in Antwerp,
touching $1 for May, after which It reacted
under realizing, but closed firm and 46 4 c
higher on near months, but %c net lower on
July; January, $1 084@l 09%. closed %l 09; May.
SS4cSsl. closed 99c.
HOPS— Firm.
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
METALS— The Metal Exchange reported the
Metal market to be In a weak condition, with
business light.
— Warrants closed weak at IS 503>
6 69.
SPELTER— at $3 574@4.
Easier at $13 So@l3 90.
LAKE COPPER— Steady: $10 90®U.
LEAD— $3 60®3 624- The firm fixing
the settllne price - for miners and- smelters ;
calls Lead weak at S3 50. . - .
COFFEE— Options opened quiet and un
changed: closed steady, unchanged to 5 points
lower. Sales, 7750 bags. Including March, $3 65
<95 70. Spot Coffee— Rio, quiet; No. 7 Invoice,
6"7ic; No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c; mild, quiet; Cordova,
S»/ 4 eisc.
SUGAR— Steady: fair refining, 3 9-16 c; cen
trifugal. 96 test, 4 l-16c: refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. 2860 packages. Steady t
Western creamery. 144@20c; Elgins, 20c; fac
tory. Il@l4c.
EGGS— Receipts. 6700 packages. Firm; State
and Pennsylvania, 20c: Western, 20c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. Jan. 28— California. Dried
Fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, S@7%ic;
prime wire tray. S'-jc: wood dried prime. BHc;
choice. R\c; fancy. 9«m 4 c.
PRUNES— 3©Sc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. s<g7^c; Moorpark. Sfrllc
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 7@loc; peeled, 12W20c.
LONDON MARKETS.
NEW YORK. Jan. 28— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram rays: The stock
markets here were irregular to-day. Amer
icans and Argentines were buoyant, but other
securities were Idle to dull. There was more
general dealing here in Americans than since
the rise began. At the same time, as a na
tural result, the buying was somewhat ragged.
Much of President McKinley's speech in New
York last night was cabled here and the mar
ket did not construe It favorably, fur
ther aiding the upward rush in price. A set
back for a short time was followed finally by
a rally to near the best. There has been a
sharp rise In rupee paper on reports that the
gold standard in India was imminent. The
best informed disregard these reports and the
soundest rnono-metanists doubt the wisdom of
such a thing at present. A further Jump in
Rank of England stock to record price looks
significant and as though the bank meant to
pursue the policy of being an active agent in
the money movement. More Japanese money
was released to-day, and a small amount of
gold was withdrawn from the bank for ship
ment to New York. This Is regarded as an
exceptional transaction, without much sig
nificance.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. 28.— 1t looked at the opening I
in Wheat as If the long-looked-for reaction
was about to take place. For the first time In ]
two weeks news really favored the bears, and
a decline In prices at once ensued. May.
which closed yesterday at »7%@9BUc, opened
to-day at 96»,i@>98%c, and July, In which op
tion, however, there was not much trading,
opened %@lc lower at 86S'86Vic. There was
plenty of selling at those figures by heavy
holders, and May was down to 86c and July to
85% c before any support of consequence ma
terialized. Traders were somewhat strength
ened by the weakness at Liverpool. That mar
ket opened lUd higher, but a large slice
of this advance had been lost when 1:30 p. m." I
cables came in. This weakness was explained
by the Argentine shipments for the week. 864.
000 bushels. This was < more than twice as •
much as during the previous week. Northwest
receipts were liberal. The decline lasted about
half an hour, when a covering movement re
sulted in an advance In May to 97c, when
another spell of unloading carried the price
back to 96'-4C. It gradually recovered to 96% c.
At midday it began • to develop some of the
bull snap of yesterday, when the Antwerp
market showed an advance equal to 2V4c per
. bushel for American red and lV for Walla
Walla. Paris was also higher by about \c.
Atlantic exports were heavy, amounting to
790,000 bushels. Bids for May brought few re
sponses and prices slowly climbed until one
of the Letter brokers commenced bidding for
January in an attempt to buy up 60,000 bushels.
He succeeded in getting but 20,000 bushels
of this amount, the ' price In the meantime
jumping with its usual rapidity to $1 10, the
highest point yet reached for this season's
crop. May soared to 98% aAt the top prices
Immense quantities were offered, which the
crowd took eagerly for a time, but about ten
minutes from the close the market broke un
der the pressure. May closed at &7V»c, Janu
ary at $1 08. "
Corn was easier with Wheat early and strong
when the latter showed its midday bullishness.
May closed a shade lower.
Oats were quite active. May' closed a shade
higher.. .-.;.... -
Provisions were fairly . active I early, but be
came dull later In the session. At the close
THE SAX FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JAXITARY 29, 1898.
May pork and rib» were Be lower. May lard
2V4c lower.
The leading futures ranged aa follows: I
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close. j
Wheat No. 2—
January 105 110 105 log '
Miv 96% 9SH 96 97>i '
July S6U S8 85", S6?i
Corn No. 2—2 —
January 27% 28>4 27% 27% I
May 29H 29", 2?*, 29N
July : 3OVs 31 304 30% ,
Oats No. 2—
May 24 24^ 24 24%
July 22% 23>i 22 4 23 .
Mess Pork, per bbl—
January .... .... 990
May 9 974 10 06 » 92H 10 00
I.nrd. per 100 lbs —
January 4so 4 82H 480 4SO
May ; 490 4 SC^ 453 4 f"'
July 4 97»4 SM) 495 4 974
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January .... •••• 4 *~' L 2
May 4 90 4 95 4 90 4Wj ;
Cash quotations were aa rollows: Floor. |
firm. He higher on some grades. No. 2 spring ;
wheat. 93Q-95C; No. 3 spring wheat, 91Vi@96Hc;
No. 2 red. 99c5?5l OS: No. 2 corn. 2S^; No. 2 j
oats, 24c; No. 2 white, 2i>4c: No. 3. f. o. b., i
24%®25Vic: No. 2 rye, 474'a4Sc: No. 2 barley,
f. o. b.. 29©390; No. 1 flailed. « 27; prime
timothy seed. $2 SO; mess pork, per bbl, JS W&
9 '.". : lard, per 100 lt>s. $4 82H@4 85; short ribs ;
sides (loose), $4 73<g4 95: dry salted shoulders '
(boxed). $4 75<ff": short clear sides (boxed), Ss@
5 20: whisky, distillers" finished goods, per gal,
1119. i
Articles— Receipts. Shipments. !
! Flour, rhls 2.000 5.000
"Wheat, bu 13.000 8.000
Corn, bu 167,000 35,000
Oats, bu 174.000 IM.I
Rye. hu 2.000 I
Barley, bu .v; 43.000 9.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
i market was steady; creameries, 13^18Vic;
dairies, ll&17c: cheese, quiet. $®SVic; eggs,
easy, fresh 15% c. .
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shlpmta.
'■ Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 217. 29.260
i Duluth 47.274 997
Milwaukee- 14.900 .......
Chicago 13.000 5.661
] Toledo
I St. Louis 23.000 15.000
Detroit 3.975
Kansas City 24,500 27.500 ,
Totals
Tidewater-
Boston 18.403
New York 66.423 75.204
Philadelphia 16.533 38.503
; Baltimore 70,940 136.000
i New Orleans
Totals
PARIS FUTURES.
■Wheat— . Jan. Mar.
Opening 6100 6100
; Closing 61 10 61 05
Flour—
! Opening 2S 90 28 65
Closing 23 00 28 70
LIVERPOOL. WHEAT FUTURES.
Mar. May. July. Sept.
Opening 7 10% 76% 7 3V, 6 >>,
Closing 7 9% 7 5H " 2% « "S
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
.
CHICAGO. Jan. 2S.— CATTCE— was a
fair demand for cattle and prices ruled steady j
at yesterday's decline. Beef steers sold at an
extreme range of $3 75@5 50. the greater part .
j of the cattle going for $4 25@5; stockers and I
. feeders, $3 60©4 50; canning cattle. $2 50^3.
Calves sold up to $7 for the best.
HOGS— Heavy receipts of hogs allowed buy
ers to dictate terms, and prices averaged 5c
lower. Sales were largely at S3 80@3 524 for
1 hogs and at $3 65^3 75 for pigs, the extreme
range of prices tor hogs being $3 60^3 90.
: The late market was active and the early de
cline was partly recovered.
SHEEP— In sheep and lambs was
j much duller than usual, buyers having become
i pretty well stocked up. and prices were called
i about 10c lower. Sheep were quotable at S3@
[ 3 50 for inferior up to $4(34 65 for medium to ,
choice fed Western, and yearlings were worth
$4 60@5 25. Lambs were slow at $4 50@5 90. few
going below $5 25 and few sheep selling under
Hi Heavy sheep sold around J4 50.
Receipts— Cattle. S0O0; hogs. 41.000; sheep,
17.000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 2S.— CATTLE— Receipts,
: official, natives, 4200; Southerns, 500. General
| market steady to Me lower; best grades of
dressed beef steady at yesterday's decline;
choice stockers and feeders and cows and heif
ers steady; • Texas and Indian and medium
Westerns. 10c lower; Western steers, $3 ICQ
I 4 40; Western cows. J. 50 tt3 25; native steers.
J3 7504 90: bulk, J4 25JJ4 80; native cows and
heifers. {2 26©4 2.">; stockers and feeders, $3 60@
6; bulls, $2 50@4 35.
HOGS — Receipts, official. 20.000. Market
opened 5c lower, closed 5© 10c lower. Bulk of
sales, $3 60(g3 70;' heavies. 13 6S@3 SO; packers,
■ S3 45@3 75; mixed. 13 56©J 75; lights. $3 35®
3 724; yorkers, S3 7033 72' s ; pigs. $3 30#3 65.
SHEEP — Receipts, ofliclal. 2100. Market
slow, about lie lower. Contract lambs steady
! at $5 40; muttons. 10c lower; stockers and feed
i ers, firm, lambs. S4 ISQ6 60; muttons. $3 75@
■ ! 4 75.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Jan. 28.— CATTLE— Receipts. 1700.
Market steady; native beef steers. $3 5004 CO;
Western steers, $3 4(".?4 30; cows and heifers,
%2 85©4; canners. Jl 50ii|2 75: stockers and feed
ers. $3 5094 75; bulls and stags, $2 2553 75.
HOGS— Receipts, MM Market heavy and 10c
lower; heavy. S3 ;>.V,j3 65; mixed. $3 60©3 67;
light. S3 60<63 70; pigs. $3 25^3 60; bulk of sales.
$3 6093 65.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2700. Market 10c lower;
fair to choice natives, $4T;I 60; fair to choice
Westerns, S3 80154 45; common and mock sheep,
Ss@4; lambs. $4 50® 5 50.
DENVER.
DENVER. Jan. 2S.— CATTLE— Receipts, 50.
Market steady; beef steers, $3®4 10: cows.
$2 5003 60; stockers and feeders. $3 2504 25.
freight paid to river; bulls, stags, etc.. J2t/3.
calves, $4 50<S1).
HOGS— Receipts, 100. Market 6c lower;
light packers. S3 60<@S 65; heavy, 11 56^8 60;
mixed. S3 6003 65. -
SHEEP — Demand good for muttons. No re
ceipts; shipments, 633; no quotations.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, Jan. There wu the usual
large attendance at the wool auction sales to
day. The offerings aggregated 14.457 bales. In
cluding choice Victoria greasy, which were
keenly competed for by the home trade and j
American buyers. The latter buyers pur- I
chased 350 bales, but sometimes they could
not reach the sellers' limits. Good Australian
merinos easily realized late rates. New South
Wales wool was especially high. Scoured was ,
strongly competed for, the continent paying 2
shillings for choice New South Wales stock.
A small lot of Cape of Good Hope and Natal :
wool was offered and sold at unchanged
prices. The offerings of the latter were chiefly
taken by Germany and the. home trade. The
following are the sales In detail:
New South Wales. 3700 bales; scoured. 7Vtd@
2s; greasy. >",i,iSiiM.
Queensland. 1700 bales; scoured, B%d@ls 6d;
greasy, s©Bd.
Victoria, 3300 bales; scoured. 7d«jls 7"* d;
greasy, f>H<Kils M.
South Australia. 1300 bales; greasy. s(g7\d. I
New Zealand, 4000 bales; scoured. 6*idQls 2d;
| greasy, «iil''d • / ■:
Cape of Good Hope and Natal. 300 bales;
scoured. Is 4%d; greasy, fiVifi7\d.
Falkland Island. 300 bales; greasy, 4^6%d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. 28.— The local Wheat
market failed to exhibit any of the strength
that sent Chicago up to the highest mark of
the season, for the reason that Liverpool re
mained about stationary. Exporters In this
1 city had discount*! en advance the day pre
vious by paying about lc more than the situa
■ tion at that time warranted, and most of them
dropped the price back again to-day. 75V£c be-
Ing the best quotation for Walla Walla, with
blue stem and valley going at 78Q76v»c per
bushel.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., Jan. 28.— Wheat higher;
No. 1 club, 77c: No. 1 blue stem, *oc.
PORTLANDS BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 28.— Exchanges. $263,
; 159; balance*, $75,075.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Jan. 28.-Consols 112H0112 11-16;
Silver, 26Ud; French rentes. ]03f 22% c.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 2S.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
! standard California. 3Ss 3d; cargoes off coa*l
firm. M higher; cargoes on passage, sellers at
advance, M; English country markets, firmer;
French country markets, firm; Wheat In Paris,
firm; Flour in Paris, firm.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 7-32 d.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
, NEW YORK, Jan. 28.— R. O. Dun & Co.'s
I Weekly Review of Trade will say to-morrow:
! The first month of the new year has brought
j rather more Increase In business, but less im
j provement In prices than was expected. With
payments through clearing houses 7.3 per cent
'■ larger than In I<<92. and probably the largest
ever known In any month, with railroad earn
i ings 11.2 per cent larger than the best of past
years, the fact that prices are very low only
shows, more clearly the increase in quantities
I of products sold. . Nor Is there any disposition
! to refuse orders, even at present prices, in
! deed, the • competition of manufacturers seek
| Ing orders alone prevents a rise. Most of them
; have all they can manage, many working night
! and day, one . great steel concern running on
j Sunday, but the works not yet filled with
I orders are seeking contracts at as low prices
as have ever been made.
The, settlement of wages on a 10 cent ad
1 vance April 1 for 200,000 coal miners of the cen-
I tral region, with ' other changes, will tend
i toward a larger demand' for products' of all
kinds. - though also toward some increase in
cost of manufacture. . •
Wheat has been conspicuous, rising 5 cents
for the week, with 5%c for May options. West
ern receipts have been 10.C03.053 bushels In four
weeks, against 6,045.711 last year, but Atlantic
exports have, been 12,003,128 bushels.. In four
weeks, against 7,013,704 last year, and Pacific
exports, with Tacoma. for ■ the week. 4.015.584
bushel?, against 3.4.M.995 last year.
The cotton manufacture Is in more difficulty
than any other, not merely because prices do
not show much Improvement nor as yet the
demand for roods, although both are helped
by the closing of many mills, but largely be
cause the manufacturers and workers have,
considered too little the rapidly growing pro
duction at the South.
The woolen manufacture Is doing well, fine
worsted goods having opened at an advance of
20 per cent over last year, and the large mills
are constantly buying wool, even at current
high prices, which implies great confidence in
the future, presumably based on larger orders
than are publicly reported. Such purchases of
wool have been frequent of late, even by mills
supposed to lie supplied far ahead, and one
Providence mill appears to have taken 260.000
pounds of worsted wool at Wheeling this week.
Sales at three of the chief markets have been
5.050.100 pounds, and for four weeks 30.421.
of which 21,367.720 were domestic, against 38.
547.600 last year, of which 23.397,300 were do
mestic
The iron manufacture Is getting larger or
ders for finished products, which crowd many
works almost beyond their capacity; although
some others are still In the market and keeping
prices down. Pigiron Is steady, except that
Bessemer at Pittsburg is 10 cents lower.
Failures for the week have been 342 in the
United States, against 331 last year, and 34 In
Canada, against 57 last year.
BRADSTREET'S REVIEW.
NEW YORK. Jan. 23.— Bradstreefs to-mor
row will say: Favorable conditions In the
trade situation continue to far outweigh those
of an opposite character. Stormy weather
throughout a large section of the country this
week has checked the movement of merchan
dise In consumption, but the perceptible In
crease In the demand for seasonable goods Is
reported as already resulting. The last week
of the month closes with increased activity In
many lines, a number of price advances, heav
ily Increased bank clearings, as oompared with
one year ago, at nearly all cities, another con
siderable drop in the number of failures re
ported, large exports of cereals, particularly
wheat, com and flour, and perceptible confi
dence In nearly all branches of trade as re
gards the outlook for spring business. An
other favorable feature of the week Is the
slight but distinct improvement In the cotton
goods situation, in which speculative activity
Is awakening. Print cloths are higher and
some makes of gray and medium weight cot
tons are more firmly held.
Plgtron Is reflecting the effect of present un
precedented production, and a further weak
ening in prices Is recorded at Eastern points.
At the West, however, consumption of pig and
finished products of iron and steel is reported
production. and a further weak
ceH Is recorded at Eastern points.
. however, consumption of pig and
iucts of iron and steel is reported
Increasing so as to hold prices firm. Large
sales of bar neel and rails are reported at
Chicago and St. Louis, with mills refusing to
take orders for delivery earlier than late sum
mer. Boots and shoes hold the late advance
and manufacturers of heavy weights will not
take orders for fall delivery at present prices.
Wool Is strong on large sales and firm prices
abroad. Prims. of most staple products are
higher on the week. Notable instances are those
of wheat, which is past the dollar mark again
at many Western markets. The active demand
for the Klondike trade is reflected In canned
goods, stocks of which are reported very low,
prices holding late advances. Collections are
generally reported fair, those Indicating back
wardness coming most generally from th
South.
Cereal exports are again heavy, total ship
ments of wheat, including flour, for the week
amounting to 5,110.624 bushels, against 8.926.000
bushels last week. 2.515.000 bushels In this
week a year ago, 2.550,000 bushels In 1596 and
2.083,000 bushels In 1894.
Business failures for the week are the small-
Ml reported In the fourth week of January for
five years past, numbering only 2SB, against
303 last week. £26 in the corresponding week of
last year, 393 in 1596, 312 In 1895 and 340 In
ISS4. Of the failures reported 251. or 87 per
cent, were of concerns having $3000 capital or
less, and 95 per cent In all were" of concerns
having less than $20,000 capital.
Business failures in Canada this week num
ber 4S. against 46 last .week. 56 In the week a
year ago and 63 In the corresponding week of
ISS6. .
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK. Jan. 28.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at eighty-seven cities for the week ended
January 27, with the percentage of Increase
and decrease as compared with the corre
sponding week last year:
Per cent.
Inc. Dec.
New York $ 757.0C7.01S 39.9
Boston 10S.Ut0.7iC 22.2 ....
Chicago BS.M6.SS3 25.2 ....
Philadelphia n.56»,«85 32.2 ....
St. Louis 24.355.575 6.7
Pltt&burg 21,(CC.501 41.1 ....
Baltimore 1.\1>H,24t 2*.< '...."j
San Francisco .... 14.721.434 37.3
Cincinnati 11.6"0.»00 i 4.7 ....
Kansas City 10.043.558 — ....
New Orleans 11. 325.77; 19.2 ..7.'
Minneapolis ■ 045.01S 23.0 ....
Detroit 7.52L45M 74.7 ....
Cleveland 6.523.05J 15.1 ....
Louisville 6.753,270 iv..". ....
Providence 4. >>&<>. ....
Milwaukee 1.M.f43 45.0
St. Paul 3.700.930 24.1 '....
Buffalo 4.140.123 19.9
Omaha 6,277.534 19. S ....
Indianapolis 4,476.204 27.4 ....
Columbus. 0 4.2-JI.SOO 32.7 ....
Savannah 3.444,651 3.4
Denver 8.1M.C14 24.4
Hartford 2.028.025 5.0
Richmond 2.545.264 2.1
Memphis 3.422.400 ES.2
Washington ... 1.815,009 8.9 ....
Peoria ....'. 1.152.150 15.«
Rochester 1.421.563 9.1
New Haven"."'.!*! 1.657,301 25.9 ....
Worcester 1.598.830 ....
Atlanta 1. 595. 300 13.8
Salt Lake City.... 1.523,776 43.
Springfield. Mass.. 1.&6H.171 17.3
Fort Worth 1.532.493 13.5 ....
Portland, Me 1.206,261 7 ...
Portland. 0r...r... 1.329.847 60.3 ....
St. Joseph 1.2G3.166 25. ....
Los Angeles 1.214.590 43.6
Norfolk 1.157.612 23.6
Syracuse 870.2 M B.S ....
Dcs Moines 1.052.6:2 45.1
Nashville 1.M7.U8 1K. 2
Wilmington. Del.. 679,457 21.0 ....
Fall River 845.15 C* 5.2
Scranton 1.172.4J5 34.5
Grand Rapids ..... 965,488 69.8 ....
Augusta, C, a 1.0*5,787 14.9
Lowell 617.52S .... 3.4
Dayton, 6 t>6C.W6 24.0 ....
Seattle 1.682.4 M 333.5
Tacoma *;i5,325 131.0 ....
Spokane 773.462 M.o. • ....
Sioux City 744.448 $5.8 ....
New Bedford 423.934 5.8 ....
Knoxville. Term... 453.117 8.5 ....
Topeka 465.959 18.2 ....
Birmingham ii01.K33 24. ....
Wichita 452.563 13.
Binghamton 27M00 6.0 ;".;.V; ".;.V
Lincoln 352.700 8.2 ~....
Lexington. Ky 315,406 10.1 ....
Jacksonville, Fla.. 240.657 7.1 ....
Kulamazoo 246.217 3.5
Akron 172.000 16.1
Bay City 183.697 9.5
Chattanooga KM.467 24.8 ....
Bockford, 11l 227.401 30.4 ....
Canton. 0 1.12.600 13.6 ....
Springfield, 0 173.640 32.0 ....
Fargo. N. D 169.250 77.2
Sioux Falls, S. D.. 114.403 280.0
Hastings. Neb 105.812 47.8
Fremont, Neb 85,783 40.7 ....
Davenport 445,334 8.2 ....
Toledo 1.891. 460 4V4 ....
Galveston 6.5>7.3'K> 36.0 ....
Houston MM.423 2.5 ....
Youngstown 253,491 ...'. ....
Totals, U. S $1,253,710,197 33.9
Totals outside of
New York 496.643.179 23.2 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $ 13.255.79 l 35.2 ....
Toronto 7.1*03.617 34.7 ....
Winnipeg 1.240.440 40.5
Halifax 1.Q16.203 .... 2.4
Hamilton 548.374 1.5 ....
St. John, N. B 611.103 11.0
Totals $ 24,409.500 32.0 ....
REVIEW OF THE STOCK MARKET.
NEW York. Jan. 28.— Bradstreefs financial
review to-morrow will say: Although the mar
ket was temporarily disturbed at the begin
ning of the week by exaggerated reports. as
to the purpose of dispatching the man-of-war
Maine to Havana, it soon recovered from the
effects of this ccare and In the past few days
developed remarkable strength and activity.
London bought stocks here to a considerable
Extent on Wednesday, though It was subse
quently a seller of part of its purchases, while
throughout the week there has been a large
amount of both investment and speculative
buying for public account, the commission
houses being active factors in the trading.
Professional Interest* of the smaller type,
while at first inclined to ait on the bear side.
were forced to cover and found it an unprofit
able course to fight this advance, more espe
cially as the market from first to last has
presented ample evidences of the activity and
support of powerful interests on the bull side.
This was especially noticeable In the Yander
bllt stocks, which group has been the central
feature of the week's speculation.
The industrials have been comparatively neg
lected, and while the local traction securities
were the object* of attention they did not lead
the market as in the preceding week.
THE CURRANT MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 28— The Journal of Com
merce says: The comparatively high cost of
currants lias turned the attention of large con
sumers to California seedless Muscatel raisins,
which, up to the past few days, have been dull
and neglected. In view of the strong statis
tical position ■of currant* ' speculative Interest
In seedless Muscatel raisins has been devel
,oped, with the result that stocks available
here have been closely absorbed through the
purchase of some 1500 boxes on private terms,
supposed to be 33(3Vic or possibly a shade
•o*v;- m some Instances. The incentive of this
movement, it is understood, was Ui< increas
ing Inquiry from mincemeat manufacturers, to
whom the present quotations on currants are
held to be somewhat prohibitive, anil who
tun, to small California seedless raisins as a
substitute. it does not appear, however, that
other consumers have shown like interest In
the latter, though in view of the rather high
co«t vt currants they are understood to be
limiting ihi_-lr purchases of that fruit to the
smallest quantities consistent with the actual
needs of consumption.
Spot supplies nf currants are represented to
be small for this time of the year, and the
stock remaining in Greece is said not to exceed
12,000 tons, which under ordinary consuming
demands from different distributing markets
of the *orld affords an unusually small supply
for the Interval between the present time and
the time when the IS9S crop will be available,
"ibout fight months hence. It is understood,
however, that the quality of most of the stock
remaining in urppee Is poor, «.nd this. In con
nection with the high prices in demand. Is ex
pected to curtail consumption after the small
available supplies of good fruit have be.-n
sumed. Hence the speculative interest
shown in California seedless raisins, which
seems to be the only fruit that may be sub
stituted by mincemeat makers and bakers for
currants. It Is reported that considerable pur
chases have been made for consumption at an
advance of about > 4 c over the prices prevailing.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — 14 83% ;
Sterling Cables — 486 j
New Tork Exchange, sight — 20 -|
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 224
Fine Silver, per ounce — 66*» ;
Mexican Dollars 464 47
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— market continues to creep up j
at a snail's pace. There Is not much busi- j
ness, as there Is very little offering.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 42H
for No. 1. $1 43\ei 45 for choice and $1 474© '
I 50 per ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— 2ooo. ctls. j
$1 41H: 2000. « 41%: 6000. $i *i\; 18.000, $1 414. i
Second Session— May— ctls. $1 41%; 18.000. '
Regular Morning Session— Ma-— II,OOO ctls. |
$1 41%; 12.000, $141%. December— $1 85Vi: !
4000. |1 864.
Afternoon Session— May— l24,ooo ctls. tl 41U; !
48.000. $1 41%. December— 2ooo. $1 it%; 2000. j
II 34%.
BARLEY— Predictions of rain, which, by the j
way, were not verified, gave the market an •
easier tone, though there > was no decline.
Feed. |I®l n2' 2 for dark to good and $1 05 for '
choice: brewing. |1 124@1 171* for No. 1 and
II C2%@l 05 per ctl for dark Coast.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session—* :15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— ctls. I
92% c; 2000. 92% c; 10.000. 92*4 c.
Afternoon Session— May — otls. 92\ic: 6000, :
92%e.
OATS— The market continues to harden, with
a fair demand. ••• •»
Fancy feed. $1 224«?1 25 per ctl: good to I
choice, |1 174® 1 224: common, II 124©1 15: '
Surprise. II 25®1 30; red. $1 35@l 45; gray. $1 15 ,
&1 17H: milling. $1 17451 224: black, for seed. \
II 35^1 50. Clipped Oats sell at $1-82 per ton
over the raw product.
— White is scarce and more or less
nominal. There is no change in yellows.
Small round yellow, |l O.VSI 071. per ctl; large
yellow. $1 02U<ftl 07%: white. 1101 05.
RYE— II 05ifil MM per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— II 7&@2 per , ctl. These quo- |
tations are nominal, as there. Is hardly my \
here.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras, r
$4 55©4 65: Bakers' extras, $4 30<^4 40 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham j
Flour. 13 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, |2 50 per 100;
Rice Flour, $5 75; Cornmeal. 12 25; extra cream '
do. |3: Oatmeal, 13 50; Oat Groats. 14: Hor- 1
my, |3 10@3 30; Buckwheat Flour, 14; Cracked
Wheat. 13 50; Farnla. 14 60; Whole Wheat
Flour. 13 25: Rolled Oats (bbls). 13©5 40: In I
sacks. $4 So@3 20; Pearl Barley. 14; Split Peas.
13 50; Green do. $4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
There was no further advance yesterday, as
It was collection day and the Weather , Bureau !
predicted rain. The market ■was firm, how- j
ever.
BRAN— I2O-521.
MIDDLINGS— I2I*S24 60.
FKEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. 122@23 pet
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. J2S 50®29 50;
jobbing, $30; Cocoanut Cake, 119320: Cotton
.-..i Iteai, 12*931 per ton; Corn Meal, $23 50®
21 SO: Cracked Corn. |24@25; Chopped Feed, j
$18019.
' |Fr.o - ■-, rmi"l — Wheat. 1160
IS 50 per ton: Wheat and Oat, $16@17 00; Oat,
114 50^16 60: Barley. 113 60©15 63; compressed.
115^17: Alfalfa. 110 50®ll 50: stock. $10 60<g>
11 60; Clover. lIISI2 50 per ton.
STRAW— 4O@47Hc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Most of yesterday's arrivals were Pinks,
which had been bought In the country. There |
Is no further change to report.
•1 \Vh'f«, «1 •>"
m 45; Large Whites. $1 30@l S7'4; Pinks. 12 10
©2 15: Reds. $1 80@2: Blackeye, |2 25@2 60;
Butters. $1 40@l 50; Llxnas. $1 65®1 75; Pea. !
|1 35*31 50 per ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. 13 per ctl: Yellow ',
Mustard. 12@2 60; Flax. |2(J?2 10; Canary Seed, j
2V;Q2*ic per It; Alfalfa. 3®6c; Rape. 2@2%c:
Hemn. 3c; Timothy. sv4c.
DRIED PEAS— 11 25; Green. $1 209 1
1 40 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
Everything remains about the same In this
line.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 65@75c: River Reds.
45<@55e; River Burbanks, 50@70c; Oregon Bur
banks, 60©90 c: Salinas Burbanks. 85c@|l 10;
Petaluma Burbanks. 50® 65c; Sweet Potatoes,
50c per ctl for Rivers and 50@S5c for Merced;
new Volunteer Potatoes, 2®2%c j>er lb.
ONIONS— I 2 60Q2 70 per ctl; cut Onions. $1 50
©2 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Marrowfat Squash. |12<J?15
per ton; Hubbard Squash. |12@15 per ton: Dried
Pepper-". 3<gloc. per lb: Dried Okra," 15c; Cab
bage. CO© 7sc per ctl; Carrots. 25g60c per sack;
Garlic. 3@4c per lb: Asparagus, — per lb for
large.
Los Angeles Green Pea*. $®10c; String
Beans, 2.V; Tomatoes, llgl 50; Green Peppers,
20@25c per lb; Summer Squash, 10c; Egg
Plant. 15«25c per lb. «
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25
lbs: sliced desiccated. 16@18c: granulated raw.
13c: ■tons. 60c: Carrots, old, 13c; now, 18c:
Cabbage, 30o; Sweet Potatoes, 30c: turnips,
25c; String Beans. SOc: Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The Poultry market is blocked with Eastern
stock. In local stock young fowl are doing
rather better, and dressed Turkeys are dull and
cheap.
The Game market continues overstocked.
Another car. of Eastern sold at 10c for Tur
keys. 14 for Ducks, $1 75 for Geese, 15 for
Hens, 14 50 for young Roosters, $1 for old Roos
tei-c - ..i «4 v» for Fryers.
POULTRY—
Live Turkeys. 9@loc for Gobblers and lfMnic
'" ■ 'ie . : <i -^sf od Tuikeys. '.''-! 13c per lb;
Geese, per pair, II 25@1 50; Ducks. 14®5; Hens.
1394: Roosters, young, |4@5: Roosters. old,
... 1. r , --, $4 50i&5: Broilers. $4 60@5 for
large and |3@3 60 for small: Pigeons, II 509
1 75 per dozen for young and 75c@tl for old.
GAME— Quail, per doz. $1; Mallard. 12 50®
3 60: Canvasback. 13 50@4: Sprig. II 25@1 50:
Teal. 7.V; Widgeon. 75c©11: Small Ducks. 50®
75c: Gray G«»>!«e, 12; White. 7r.c: Brant. II;
Rankers, $3; English Snipe. $2: Jack Snipe, II:
Hare. $1; Rabbits, $1 2501 50 for Cottontails and
II fur small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
„__ _
The Butter market is stiff, but most deal
ers are afraid to advance It for fear of draw
ing in shipments from the East. Eggs have
made another improvement. Cheese is un
changed.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creameries. 26c, ■ with spe
cial brands higher: seconds. 24{j25c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 22@24c; lower grades.
20«21c per lb.
Eastern Butter — Creamery, 22c; ladle
packed. 17H^f21c per tb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, lie: common to
good. S@loc: Cream Cheddar, 104*llc; Young
America, 11012 c; Western. US 12c; Eastern,
12H«n3Hc per It).
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 22@23c per dox: store
Eggs, 20©21 c
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
One car of Oranges was offered at auction
and sold at II 35^2 60 for Navels and 40c for
Seedlings'. It was fancy stock.
There Is no change to report in anything.
The market Is almost bare of Limes.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Cranberries, $7©B per bbl; Coos Bay, $1 50®
2 per box.
Apples, 40©50 c per box for common. 6ocQsl
for good to choice and $1 25©1 40 for fancy.
CITRUS '• ITS — Navel Oranges, $1 250
2 25; Seed.ings. 60c©ll: Mandarins. *I©l 50
for large and 6S<B7sc for small boxes; Grape
Fruit, $2 60©5 per box: " Lemon*. 50cf?$l for
common and $1 2532 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes, nominal; California Lime*. . in
smalt boxes, nominal: Bananas. $1 25<g"2 25 per
bunch; Pineapples. $3 'a 4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS. RAISINS. ETC.
The East still wants Prunes, but Is not will-
Ing to pay an advance for them. The other
kind* are dull as a rule.
DRIED ITS— Prunes, carload lots, 4\i
©4i»c for 40-50' B. S^SlVic for 50-60 *, 3Si@3?ic
for 60-70" ?V@3>4c for 70-80s. 2'4©2?ic for 80
90's. l\®2Sic for 90-lWs: Peaches 304>4c: fan
cy. BfiS^c: peeled. lOff^ic: Apricots. &2?6c for
Royals and 7©Be for good to fancy Moorparks;
evaporated Apples, «V»®"c: sun-dried, 4©4Vic;
black Figs. In sacks. 2@2V4c: Plums. <H@4%c
for pitted and 1^1»,4c for unpltted; bleached
Plums, Mf*n«-ic: Nectarines, tOSc for prime to
fancy; Pears, Hj#<H.C for quarters and 3©S^4c
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— for two-crown. 4c for three
crown, 5c . for four-crown, s'tC for Seedless
Sultanas and %l 10®l 15 for London layers;
dried Grapes, !%«. - • -,
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at S©loc per
lb; Walnuts. S@6c for hardshell and 6«7c for
softshell: Almonds. 2H@3^c for hardshell. s@6c
for softshell and 7@3c for paper-shell: Peanuts.
4®5%e ■ for Eastern and 4'ic for California:
Pecans, 64@Sc; Filberts, B^'fflOe: Brazil Nuts,
SJT9C per Ib: Cocoanuts, $4 r,o@3 per 100.
HONEY— New Comb. S®loc for bright and 5®
Tc for lower grades; new .water white extract-
I cd. 4«,4@5c; light amber extracted. 3»i@4>.;c
! per lb.
BEESWAX— per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Dealers expect to raise the price of Hams,
Bacon and Lard In a few days, as the Eastern
: markets have already gone up. The demand Is
good. 'Vj ■
. cr RED_ MEATS— SHe per lb for
heavy, 9c for light medium, 10c for light, 10% c
for extra light and 12c for sugar-cured: East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 10%@llc: California
Hams. 9@9Hc; Mess Beef. $8 50 per bbl; extra
mess do. $9 50: family do, $11012; salt Pork.
S««3 50: extra prime Pork. $9 50: extra clear.
$16; mesa. $14 50: Smoked Beef. 11»4@12V4c per
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at 5V4c per lb
for compound and 6c for pure: palls. 7c: Cali
fornia tierces, 6c per lb for compound and fie
for pure; half-bbls, 6v;c; 10-lb tins, "c; do 5-lb
' COTTOLENE— Tierces. sT6?r«%c:5 T 6?r«%c: packages,
less than 300-lbs— l-lb palls. 60 In a case. BT*c:
3-lb palls, 20 In « case. S%c: 5-lb palls. 12 In a
case. «v;c: 10-lb palls. 6 In a case. 8»*c: 50-ib
tins, one or two In a case. 7"Sic: wooden buck
«ts. 20 lbs net. VAc: fancy tubs. SO lbs net, 7%c;
half-bbls. about 110 lbs. 7^c per lb.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
These goods show the old quotations all
around. There is a fair demand for Hops, and
Hides are firm.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
lc under sound stock. Heavy salted steers,
m^rlO^c per lb: medium, 9c; light. 9c: Cow
hides. 9®9>4c: Stags, 6c: salted Kip. 10c: Calf,
lie; dry Hides. 16c; culls and brands. 13c: dry
Kip and Veal. 14@15c: dry Calf. 18®20c; culls.
16@17c: Goatskins. 20@37%c each: Kids. 6@loc;
Deerskins, good summer. 25®30c per lb: me
dium. 20c: winter. 10c; Sheepskins, shearlings.
20®30c each: short wool. 40® 70c each; medium,
70fi>90e: long wools. 90c® Jl 30 each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3<<?3'->e per lb; No.
2. 2®2Hc: refined. sc: Grease. 2®2Vte.
WOOL— Fall clip— Middle counties— 10®
13c: do defective. 10® lie: San Joaquln, defec
tive. 7@9c; Southern Mountain. 9®llc; free
Northern. 12013 c: do defective. 9@llc: Hum
holdt and Mendocino, 13015 c: Eastern Oregon.
9®i3c: Valley Oregon. 16®18e.
HOPS— OId crop. 2®6c for poor to fair and 8
@10c for good: new crop, ll®lsc per lb.
GENERAL. MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 1838 delivery.
E94®s^c; Wool Bags. 27@30c.
COAL— Several coast kinds are higher, and
further advances are expected. "Wellington, $8
New Wellington. $8: Southfleld Wellington
$7 50; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. '$6 50; Coos Bay.
$4 75: Wallsend, V 50; Cumberland. $14 50 In
bulk and $16 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg, $15: Cannel. $9 50 per ton: Rock
Springs. Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley. $7 60
Coke. $13 per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks.
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been seven arrivals of coal from
Washington with IS. 434 tons, three from Ore
gon, 1160 tons; five from British Columbia, 13.
535 tons; one from Philadelphia, 1948 tons; two
from Swansea, 3643 tons; one from Australia,
2146 tons; total, 41.186 tons. The deliveries this
week have been most opportune, as some
characters of coal were almost entirely out of
first hands, and very light stocks of some
were held by retailers. The grades referred
to are those exclusively used for house pur
pcses, which are freely consumed during the
winter months. Under existing circumstances
the local agents' of three Seattle collieries feel
Justified In advancing their prices $1 per ton
on all deliveries from ship's side where same ■
is for domestic consumption. Fuel for steam
purposes has not been advanced, hence our
Industrial interests are not at all affected by
the temporary scarcity of other kinds.
"The continuous dry weather is beginning
to have an effect on coal freight rates from
all foreign sources: this week there has been
a pronounced advance in rates from Australia,
and large engagements have been made at
the advance. The less inducements there are
for grain carriers to seek this port, the greater
must be the freight rates paid them to trans
port coal, and for the moment no charters are
being made lor next season's crop, awaiting
some seasonable rains, which are seriously
needed in the very near future."
RlCE— Hawaiian is higher. Chinese mixed,
$4 25@4 30 per ctl; No. 1. $4 40@4 SO per ctl; ex
tra. No. 1. $5<&5 20; Hawaiian, $4 62^'3J4 75;
Japan. $4 75@5; Rangoon. $4.
COFFEE— circular of C. E. Bickford
says:
"Since the 7th of January the market has
been fairly active and generally lower for most
descriptions, strictly superior new crop washed
Guatemala being the only exception. Arrivals
of these have been small and insufficient to
meet orders lodged at top prices for consider
able quantities. Meanwhile all grades lower
drag. Most of the business has been in old
crop, which holders are compelled to force at
seemingly unreasonable figures to attract any I
attention whatever. In this connection It is :
worthy of explanation that he hold-over Cof
fees lack the style necessary for jobbers' pur
lition whatever. In outlet connection it the !
hy of explanation that he hold-over Cof
lack the style necessary for jobbers' pur
i and their only outlet is through the
roasters. In that avenue prices must show
relative value compared with Santos grades
costing from 7@9MsC laid down— or remain un
sold. Recent arrivals of new crop unwashed
Salvador have been all placed at 9®9%c for
red to strictly current qualities.
"New York is dull at a net decline during
the three weeks of In Rio No. 7 and %c in
Santos No. 4. Mild grades there are also
easier.
"To-day's stock consists of 670 Costa Rica.
230 Nicaragua, 1138 Salvador, 4252 Guatemala
and 260 Mexican: in all 6550 bags, as against
1272 bags same time last year.
"The steamer San Bias is due about the 31st
inst. with 4050 bags."
We quote: Costa Rica— l7@lS^4c nominal for
prime washed (none here): 15ffl6c nominal for
good washed (none here); 17<S17Hc nominal for
good peaberry (none here); 13;<?14\c for good to
prime: 10@12c for good, mixed with black
beans; 9V4@llc for fair: 6^<gS«-i for common to
ordinary. Salvador — 14@16c for good to prime
washed; 12@13%c for fair washed: 16«?17c for
good to prime washed peaberry: 10' 'allc for
superior unwashed: 9@9%c for good green un
washed: 13J?13%c for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Nicaragua— 9@llc for good to su
perior unwashed: 13c for good unwashed pea
berry. Guatemala and Mexican, new crop—
17@18^4c for prime to fancy washed: 14'irf?16W
for good to strictly good washed; 13*4^14' for
fair washed: old crop — 10*4(gl3c for fair washed;
7@loc for medium: s«i6\c for common to or
dinary; 15?4c for good washed peaberry: 13??
13^c for good unwashed peaberry; 9Vi@llc for
good to superior unwashed.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 674 c: Powdered. 6^c; Dry
Granulated. 6*ic; Confectioners' A. 6^c: Mag
nolia A, 6%c: Extra C. 514 c: Golden C. 54c:
Candy Granulated. 5%c: California A, 5Hc per
lb; half barrels >ie more than barrels, and
boxes lie more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are off a fraction, as the recent ad
vance called in free shipments from the coun
try- Beef and Mutton show no change.
Wholesale rates for dressed beef stock from
slaughterers are as follows: : "";
BEEF— First quality. «4!i?7e: second do, 5%@
So; third do. 4@sc per lb.
VEAL— Large. &@6c; small, 6@7c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6%^7c; ewes. 64c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, nominal.
PORK— Live Hogs. 4c for large. 3403 V:
for small and S^SS^c for medium; soft Hogs,
SVic; dressed, do, s>i^cc per lb."
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
t; dressed, do. 54<fr6c per lb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday. January 28.
Flour, qr sks ... 6,430 I Leather, rolls .. 67
Wheat, ctls ..... 69.653 I Lumber, ft 10.000
Barley, ctls 6,610 ' Eggs, do* 8.400
Corn, ctls 1,640 Hides, no M
Rye, ctls 2.'> Onions, sks .... - 307
Butter, ctls ■ 16S ' Hay. tons ...... 495
Cheese, ctls 90 Straw, tons .... 41
Beans, sks 2.100 Hops, bales .... 44
Potatoes, sks .. 2.562 Broomcorn. bdls. 298
Alfalfa seed. sk. I*6 . Wine, gals 70,900
Pelts, bdls 210 Lime, bhls MI
Raisins, bxs — 1.400 ■ Quicksilver, flsk. < 300
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 5,012 Bran, sks 555
Wheat, ctls 3,S7o,Flaxseed, sks ... 349
Oats, ctls 12.250
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Butter and Eggs are no cheaper, and In fact \
the tendency Is the other way at the moment,
as the cold weather , Is keeping back supplies. :
The market is glutted with Poultry, which
Is coming In heavily from the East. Game is
also In Rood supply and cheap.
| Summer Vegetables are in light supply and ]
\ higher. Fruits are pretty well limited to Ap
ples and Oranges, which are in ample supply
for all ordinary needs. Limes are very scarce.
Following is The Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
Coal, per ton—
i Cannel $11 50@12 00 Castle Gate. 9 Win no
Wellington . &10 00 Pleasant Val 9 So@lo 00
; New Wei- I Southfield
lington .... — «?10 00 1 Wellington — ® 950
Seattle 8 50® Coos 8ay.... — — @ 6 75
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, fancy, per ; Common Eggs ... 22<^
square 55(g 60 Ranch Eggs, per
Do. per roll — ®50i doz 23®—
Do. Rood 4. : ifi'- Honey, comb, per
Cheese. Cal ......12iffl5 lb 12@15
Cheese, ' Eastern. .ls^2o Do, extracted... $©10
Cheese. Swiss 20@S0
Meats, per pound —
Bacon 12617 Pork, fresh 12@15
Beef, choice 12gl5|Pork. salt 10@12 !
Do. g00d.... B<o>lo Pork Chops 12@1» !
Corned Beef SSg— I Round Steak S@lo
Ham. Cal 12-, ; *-- | Sirloin Steak.... mv??—
Do. Eastern 12©15; Porterhouse, d0..17§20
Lard 12@15 Smoked Beef —©15
Mutton HPIO Pork Sausages — (S2O
Lamb 12015 i Veal W , !.",
- Fruits and Nuts—
Almonds, lb 'Lemons, dos 20&23
Apples, lb 3y 5 Limes, doz 2Q@25
Bananas, doi 15<&20 Oranges, doz ' ....15050
Cranbarries. qt,..12@15 Raisins. 1b.......8@12' a
Cocoanuts, each.. 4© 8 I Walnuts, lb 1&8 1 —
Poultry and Game— '
■ Hens each 500 65 Hare, each © 10
Young Roost- | Quail, doz ....125® •
: ers each 60® 75 1 Mallard, pr.... 75® ■
■■ Old Roosters, Canvasb'k. pr. 75@1 00
each •- 60® 60 Sprig, pair 40@50
Fryers" each;. 50® 60 Teal, pair 36W40
'' Broiler's, each. 35® 40 Widgeon, pair.. 35®40
■ Turkeys pr lb 15® 16 Small Duck, pr 30@— .
Ducks, each 60075 Wild Geese, pr 50®
Geese. each....l 25@1 75 English Snipe.
Piceons. pair. 25® 40 : doz 2 5003 00
Rabbits, pair. @ 40 i Jack Snipe, dz.l 25@1 50
Vegetables —
Asparagus. It) 25@50 Mushrooms, 1b.... 20035
Artichokes, doz.sl@l 25 Dried Okra, lb —8,20
Beets doz 12@15 Onions, 1b......... 4® 5
Beans, white, lb. 4® 5 ! Peppers, dried... .10012
Colored, lb 4® 5 Do, green. 1b...35®40
Lima, lb 5& 6 ; Potatoes, lb 2® 3
Cabbage, » each.... s@lo Parsnips, doz lo@2o
1 Cauliflowers, each s@lo Do. 5weet.......— ©3
Celery bunch s@— Radishes, dz bchs.lO®l2
! Cress, 'doz bchs... Sage, lb 25®35
Garlic lb Riff— String Beans, 1b.. 35043
Green" Peas, 1b:..12@15 Thyme, lb 20£30
Lentils, lb 6© 8 Turnips, doz 15ff20
Lettuce, doz 15@25 ■ Tomatoes, It) 12@15
Fish, per pound —
Fish, per pound— Shrimps 8J?l0
i Barracuda — ®10 Shad $@—
' carti ; sig) 8 Sea Bass S@lo
j Codfish S@lo Smelts 15@—
i Flounders M 8 Soles Big>— •
; Herring 5® 6 Skates, each s@lo
l Halibut —©15 1 Sturgeon 10@12
Ktngnsh B*3lo Tomcod 12@15
Mackerel 15(3— Clams, gal — <fSO
Do. Horse — @— : Do. hardshell, 100.50® —
Perch S@lo : Crabs, each....,..12®1S
Pompano $1® — | Do. softshell, dz.25@35
Rockfish 12@15 Mussels, qt 10®13
Salmon, smoked.. 2o4? — | Oysters. Cal, 100.40®--
Salmon, fresh 10®12 Do, Eastern, d05.25®40
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were decidedly oft yesterday.
The j best price for Sierra Nevada was 84c,
against $1 15 the preceding day, and for Union
44c, against S4c. The other stocks were weak
In sympathy, as will be seen by the list of
Bales. ■•■:.■
The Abble Gold Mining Company of Tubs
County has levied an assessment of I*4 cent*
per share, delinquent March 1.
In the Standard Consolidated mine at Bodia
for the week ending January 22 the usual pros
pectin* work was done In the Security, Moyle.
Black. Main Standard, Maguire, Burgess and
Fortuna ledges on the 150, 190, 265, 818. SBO.
470, 4*5, 528 and 582 levels. The usual amount
of ore. of fair to good grade, was extracted
from the ledges in the Ptoplns ground on the.
various levels. The mine Is looking fairly
well. In the winze In the Fortuna vein on th«
582 level there are "6 Inches of high grade ore.
Standard mill statement— Ore crushed for the
week, 307 tons; average assay vanner tailings.
$6 87; concentrates produced, 3 tons; assay
value, $105 71; amalgam produced, 775 ounces;
value per ounce, . $2 36.
Trading on the Bond Exchange was good
and several local securities, notably Oc*anlo
Steamship and San Francisco Gas. sold higher.
The other securities were firm as a rule.
The French Savings and Loan Society ha» re
elected the old board of directors, with B. J.
Lie Breton as president and Howard Park sec
retary.
At the annual meeting of the Belcher Mining
Company the old directors were re-elected,
with James Newlands as president. F. B. Dicta
secretary, and W. E. Sharon superintendent.
At the annual meeting of the Utah Consol
idated Mining Company the old director* wera
re-elected, with Henry B. Havens as presi
dent, A. W. Havens secretary, and D. B. Ly
man superintendent.
BOARD SALES.
Folio were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Regular Session — 9:30.
MO Belcher 34 200 Potosl 80
400 33 400 Savage ... 15
700 Best & Belchr.. 44 660 Sierra Nev .... 83
200 Con Cal & Va..l 10 300 Si
800 Crown Point .. 24,100 ...... 79
300 Gould & Curry- • 32 100 78
100 31 . 50 80
100 33 300 Union Con 42
100 Hale & Norcrs.. 1 35 100 43
100 1 40 500 Utah 11
200Ophlr 55 300 Yellow Jacket . . 32
Afternoon Session.
400 Alta 11 200 Ophir 63
300 Andes 14 200 Overman .„, 08
100 Best & Belchr.. 43 200 Potosi 30
20OConCal & Va..105|300 ;.. 23
100 110,100 23
300 Gould & Curry.. 32] 00 Savage 15
200 Hale & Norcrs..l 45 200 Sierra Nev .... 77
400 Mexican 21100 73
250 22 1 300 Union Con » 40
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Regular Session —
500 Belcher 36 300 Ophir '. 54
600 37 (WO 53
400 35 1500 Potosi 31
*00 84 kOO 30
6"0 33 400 Savage 18
300 Best & Belchr.. 51 , 200 Sierra Xcv .... 70
800 4*6/0. 72
300 :..V.. ...... .;.... 46 600 ...•..._.-..;. '.•"... 73
200 Caledonia ....... 20 400 74
300 Chollar 22 1300 75
800 Con Cal & Va.. 110,500 ."."..".*.'. 76
?00 Crown Point ... 26J800 77
400 241300 84
1000 Gould & Curry. 331700 .".'.".'. S3 .
300 32 1200 SI 4
100 Hale & Norcrs.. 1%<1500 SO T
300 140 1200 79
300 '.'.'.'.'.'.." y.'.'.'.'.'.i 1100 1!!!'...'.'.".'.".""."" 78
250 145 1000 Union Con 43
250 1 47% 800 41
250 Justice 40 1200 41
2100 Mexican 2.". 500 40
800 26 1500 Utah 10
2jO 24 1700 11
400 OpTnr 57 600 Yellow Jacket... 35
Afternoon Session.
900 Alta 12 ' 500 Mexican 22
200 Belcher 34 200 21
600 Best & Belchr.. 46 300 Ophir 51
200 45 300 62
400 Caledonia 19 500 Overman ....„ OS
200 Con Cal & Va..l 10 600 Potosi 29
200 105 300 Savage . 15
600 1 021-, 1000 Sierra Nev .... 80
300 Crown Point .. 23 SOO 79
£00 Gould & Curry.. 33 300 18
900 32 200 Utah 11
£50 Hale & Norcrs.-l 50
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Jan. 28— 4 p. m.
Alpha Con 06 07 Julia 01 03
Alta 11 12 Justice 36 39
Andes 12 13 Kentuck 03 04
Belcher 34 38 Mexican 22 24
Best & Belchr. 44 45 Occidental .....1 60
Bullion 09 10 Ophir 61 52
Caledonia 17 2u Overman 07 09
Chollar 22 •23 Potosi 27 2*
Con Cal & Va.. 100 105 Savage 13 n
Challenge 32 34 Seg Belcher 06 07
Con Imperial.. 01 02 Sierra Nev .... 76 73
Continence 75 — Silver Hill ..... 03 04
Crown Point... 23 25 : Standard 145 160
Con New York. — 02 Union Con .... 41 42
Eureka Con .. — 25 Utah 10 '11
Gould & Curry. 32 33 Yellow Jacket.. 30 32
Hale & Norcrs.l 60 1 65
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Jan. 28—2 p.m.
Bid. Asked. : Bid. Asked.
V S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 65% —
4b quar coup.. — Pac Gas Im.. 93 .94
48 quar reg.. — 113 Pac LCo 56% 67V4
4s quar new. ..125 — S F G & E.. 95T» 96\i
Miscellaneous— Pan Fran S\t, 3^
Cal-st Cab ss. 113 — Stockton Gas. 14% —
Cal El L 6b .126% — Insurance—
C C Wat 65.. .102 103 Firems Fnd..197% —
Dup-st ex c. — 98% i Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65.. 129*4129% Anglo-Cal .... 6SVI 60
F& Ch Ry65..116 — Bank of Ca1... 247 250 •
Gear-st R ss. »3Vi102 " Cal S D & T.. — 101 W
HC & S 5%. .105 — First Nat ....200 — f
LAL Co 63.. — 100 Lon P & A. .130 —
Do gntd 65. .100 101 Mer Exchnge. l3 —
Market -st 65. .126 — jNev Nat 8...150 —
Do Ist M 68.114% — j Savings Bank—
Nat Vln 63 Ist — 100 Ocr S & L..14 1620
N C nirßy 73.101 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NBy Cal 65.. 110 — Mutual Say. 35 40
NRy Cal 55.. 102 103 8 F Say U.. 470 485
If P C Ry 1044 — 6& 1- 50.... — 100
xr<" Rv ss. 9fl 7 » — Eecurity S B £50 —
Oak Gas 65.. .104 — Union TCo 950 —
Do 2d is 55. .111 112 ! Street Railroad—
Om Ry 6s 125%130 California ....lOBViIOS%
P& O Ry 6s.HO 115 i Deary 40 —
P&Ch Ry 65. 108 110 Market-st ....63 —
Powell-st 65. ..119 — Oak SL& H— —
Reno WL&L.. — 105 Presidio 7% —
Pac ElecßySs. — 100 Powder-
SF& N P 53.105 — California .... 97%115
RPof Ar 65..101%101 T ii E Dynamite .. Ro —
F p Cal t0.... 108*110% Giant Con Co 38 38%
BPC let eg to. 96%100 Vigorlt 3?« 3%
S {■ Br ''- 110 111 , Miscellaneous—
S V Wat 65..119 i120% Al Pac Assn.. 95%100
< V Wat 45..102i5103»i Ger L.l Wks..loo 150
Stock Gas 65.. — 103 I H C& S Co. 31 31%
Water— Hutch S P Co. 41% 42' i
Contra Costa. 53% 56% Mer Ex Asn.. 90 —
Marln Co .... 50 — Nat Yin Co .. — 7*4
Spring Val . . . 100*4100% Op S Co 39 7 40
Gas & Electric— Pac A F Al.. IV. 3
Cent Gaslight. 98% — Pac Bor C 0... 95 100
Capital Gas...— — Par Paint Co. 6\i —
MEL C 0.... 15% 15% 1 Par Paint Co. 6U —
E L C 0.... 15% 15H.
MORNING SESSION— IO:3O.
7 Giant Powder Con — 38 50
175 Hutchlnson S P Co 42 00
40 Oceanic Steamship C 0..:.......... 39 00
150 do do" 39 25
50 do do 39 50
25 Pacific Lighting 56 75
30 S F Gas & Electric 96 37%
85 do do 96 25
60 " do do ....96 12%
165 do do :.. 96 00
50 Spring Valley Water 100 25
Pacific Lighting 56 75
S F Gas A Electric 96 37V&
do do 9rt '.'">
do <lo 96 12V»
00 do 96 00
Spring Valley Water 100 25
J2OOO S P of A Bonds 10175
• Street— ■ .
J4900 Spring Valley 6s Bonds. 120 00
AFTERNOON SESSION.
15 Bank of California..... ......247 50
100 Contra Costa Water 65 00
375 Vigorlt Powder..". '. 3 75
150 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 3100
20 Oceanic Steamship Co 39 75
50 do do b5 40 00 >J]
125 .do. do ; 40 00 , M
$1000 Powell-st R R 6s Bonds ...119 00
12S S F Gas & Electric P6 00
5 Spring Valley Water.;.......:..... 39 75
eta do bt 40 00 -J
00 f'i 40 00
0 Powell-st R R 6s Bonds 119 00
s F Oai A Electric ?6 oo
Spring Valley Water 100 25
JIOOO Spring Valley 4s Bonds 103 00
Street— . . . . , . .
160 S F Gaslight 3 25
$16,000 S P of A Bonds... 101 75THE CALL CALENDAR.
January, IS9B.
I j
Su. Mo Tu.
a 1 3 4
» 10 ' 11
IP 17 IS !
l |
j 23 , 24 , 25 |
I»0 31 I
pn.|
W.'iTh.]
LL
5 «
13 IS
,
Fr . Sa.
1
i 7 8
14 15
151 «
i 28 : 29
'/Jt\ Full Moou,
; l^*J .* Jan. 7.
Last Quarter,
Jan. 15.
' 19 30
xSt New Moon,
Vsx Jan. 22.
I
I .-, • ;•,-*■■•■: ■..--
-jk First Quarter,
9 Jan. 2.'.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. !
Cottage City....
Queen
Pomona..
Wellington....
North Fork....
State or Cai. ..
Orizaba
Areata
Homer
San Bias
A Blanchard. . .
Alliance
Umatlila .
City of Rio J...
Empire
President.
Willamette. ..
Progrreso
Washtenaw
Santa Rosa
Weoott
Crescent City. .
Columoia
Coon Bay
IN". York :
sati Dle^o
: Humboiat Bar
Departure Bay
tiiiniooidt
Portland
j Mexico.
i Coos Bay
Kewport
I Panama
JYaatilna Ray
Yukon
> Victoria * Pueet Sna . . .
'China and Japan
Coos Bay
' Yaqulna Bay
battle
Seattle
Taeoma i
San Dles-o
■ Humboldt <
iCreaeent CltT i
Portland
I Newport
Tan 29
too 2S»
las 2«
Jan 2".<
ran 30
Jan H)
lan *>
rap SI
Tan SI
Jan SI
Jan 31
Fob 1
Feb 1
Keb 1
Peb 1
Feb 2
Feb 2
Feb 2
Feb 2
Peb 2
Feb 2
Feb 3
Fob 4
Feb 4
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. i
JfnniP I
Czarina. ;
Crescent C i
Ccok Bar. |
i Destination Sails. i Pier.
ICoqullle Rrer J.in 29, 5 pm ' Pier 2
] '008 Bay Jan 2-.». 5 PM Pier 8
Oreseei City. Jan 29, 3 pm Pier 23
Newport. Jan M. 9 am Pier 11
Alaska Jan 30. 1 pm pier 9
San Diosro .Tan 31. 11 am Pier 11
•Vie* P Sound Jan Hi. 10 AM Pier '.»
! Siaeruav Feb 1, Pier 3
Cooh iv. .. Feb 1, 10 am Pier IS
IHumbolclt Fob 1. 2 pm Pier 9
Portland Feb 2,10 am Pier 24
;Sydney Fob 3, 2 pm Pier 7
ChlnaAJapan.iFeb 3, 1 pm PM SS
:Ruint>ldt Bay. I Feb 3, 9 am Pier U
San D:ego....|FGb 4.11 am Pier 11
Mexico Veto 6, 10 am Pier 11
Portland — iFeb 7. 10 am Pier 24
U.S.
I
Oueen j
Pomona...
Walla Wlla
Humboldt..
Area! a. .
Homer . . I
State of Cal !
Alain eda...;
Coptic i
Weeott :
Santa Rosa
Orizaba.. ..
Columbia..;
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Times and Helchls of High and Low
\\ aters at Fort Point. Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
rity of the Superintendent.
KOTB — The fctph and low ■waters occur at
the city front ( Mlßßton-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Tolnt;
the height of tide Is th" same at both places.
JANUARY— IS9B.
Saturday, Janua; y ■*).
KB 7:M
BetS SJiO
0:46 A U
'•"■' Foot ' T! "- ■
j5 Hw> _ !. W Tl W 't, w
29f 4::* ~TT II J; iJ ~TPS ~ZJ I Wj
30 v:2! 5.C 12:;t; l.< S:l 3.J II;. 1 3.0
31 6:12 4.V 1:65 0.« 9:W 3.7
LWHW L W H V
10 3.4 7:01 4.'.l 2:42 0.3 1(1:25 3.9
2 1:89 3.M 7:50 5.0 3:21 0.1 10:5;. 4.2
8 2:321 8.3 S:BS 5.1 i 3:54 1 0.1 11:24 *.«
4 3:20: 3.3. »:20 5.2 4:25' —03, 11 .44 4.5
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in th" order of occurrence as to time. Th»
Fecor.d time column plves the second tide at
the day, the third time column the third tile,
and the last or rl«?ht hand column (rives the
last tide of the day. except when there are hut
three tides, .-is sometime* occurs. The heights
Fiver: are addition! to the f»oundln?s on the
United Ptp.tes Coast Purvey charts, except
when n minus sicrn (—)( — ) precedeß the height and
then the number «riven Is subtractlve from th«
depth givf-n by the charts.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the T'nfted Ptat«v» Hvdrosrraphte i
nrfirf.. lnratod In the Merchants' Kxchansre. Is j
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of {
mariners without regard to nationality and !
1 !■•■>'- of expense.
Navigators nxe cordially Invited to visit th« !
office, whr-re compete Fets of charts and sail- ;
ing directions of the world are kept on hand !
for comparison and reference, and the latest I
Information can always he obtained repardlne I
lights, (lancers to navigation and all matter*
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the bufldlnsr on T«»le
rraph Hill is hoisted about ten minuted hefort
noon and Is dropped at noon. I2ofh meridian
by tp!«»cT.ir>Mc signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
If! and. <^al.
A notice stating whethe- trie time ball w»^
drorned on time or irivlne- the error. If any. Is
published the Fame day by the nfternoon pa
per?, and by the morning Papers t*>» '"l'nwlng
day. W. P. HT'GHES.
T.'pn'«">!Tt, TT. p. X.. In charge. '
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Seacoast of Washington.
Office of United States Light-house Inspector,
January 26. 1898.
Notice is hereby elven that the Grays Har
bor outer buoy, a black and white perpendic
ular striped first-class 'an, has gone adrift
from its moorings on the outer edge of the
Gray? Harbor Bar and will be replaced as
early as practicable.
T'matilla R^ff (Flattery Rocks) whistling
buoy, red, lettered "Umatllla Reef" In white,
has Rone adrift from its moorings off Uma
t ilia. Reef (Flattery Rock*) and will be re
placed as early as practicable.
This notice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coast. 1596. pages 35 and 59.
By order of the Light-house Board.
GEO. C. REITER,
Cnmmanflor, T. P. X.. Light-house Inspector.
THE TIME BALL
Ernr.rh HydrogTaphiC Ofncr. r s. N , Mer
char,'.-' Exchange, San Francisco. January
time »ia!l on Telegraph Hill was
■ 1 exactly at noon to-day — !. c., at noon
■ 12i":h meridian, or exactly at R p. m..
Greenwl.h • \V. S HT'GHKS.
Lieutenant D. S. N.. in cha'rsre.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
ARRIVED.
Friday, January 28.
Stmr Jennie, Hotter, 52 hours from Co- '<
<jullle River; produce, to J 8 Kimball.
Htmr Whltelaw, Lockyer. 3V* days from Vic
toria; wreckage, to T P II Whltelaw.
Ktmr Jewel. Madsen, 17 hours from Caspar;
P.-.00 ties, to Caspar Lumber Co.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen, 68 hours from Grays
Harbor; pass and mdse, to Grays Harbor'
Commercial Co.
Stmr Geo Loomis. Bridgett, 36 hours frm :
Ventura; oil, to Union Oil Co. Up river di- '
rect.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, 37 hours from Hue
neme; 3451 sks barley, to .T Epplnger; 1056 sks i
beans, to Field & Stone Co.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, 5 hours frm Point
Reyes; 45 bx9 butter, to J H N'ewbauer & Co. ;
CLEARED.
Friday. January 28.
Etmr Colon, Mackinnon. Panama, etc- I* M
6 8 Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro; Goodall
Perkins & Co. '
Br ship Cawdor, Jardalla, Queenstown; Ep- '
pinper & Co.
Schr Alice Cooke, Penhallow, Honolulu;
Williams, Dlmond & Co.
SAlLi^n.
Friday, January 2&
Btmr Colon, Mackinnon. Panama, etc.
Stmr Mackinaw, Llttlefleld. Tacoma,
Stmr Columbia, Conway, Astoria.
Stmr Gipry, Inland, Santa Cms.
■ Ship Dashing Wave, Colby, Tacoma.
Schr Arthur I, Jacobson, Tillamook.
Schr Viking, Peterson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Eureka, Erlckson. Coqullle River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS-Jan 28, 10 p. m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 8 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Errol loads barley at San Diego for Eu
rope, 27.«; bktn Kllkltat, lumber at Port Gam
ble for Honolulu; Lord onaftes-bury, wheat at
Portland for Europe, 35?.
SPOKEN.
Jan 9—l H 30 W, Br ship Thomaslna Mc-
Lel'.an, from Oregon for Queenstown. .-''♦"
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TILLAMOOK— SaiIed Jan Stmr News
boy, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed Jan 28— Stmr Pomona and
schr Helen N Kimball, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan 2S— Stmr Empire,
hence Jan 26; Ftrr:r Arcata, hence Jan 2«; schr,
Seven Sisters, hence Jan 25.
■ EUREKA— SaiIed Jan 28 — Stmr Pasadena, for
San Pedro.
TATOOSH— Passed Jan Stmr City of
Puebla. hence Jan 26 for Victoria.
GREENWOOD— BaIIed Jan 2S— Stmr Alca
zar, for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan 28— «hp St Enoch,
from Nagasaki.
Balled Jan 28— Stmr North Pacific.
COQUILLE RlVEß— Sailed Jan Schrs
Antelope and Joseph and Henry, for San Fran
cisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Jan Schr j
I?eulah. hence Jan 15.
TATOOSH -Passed Jan 27— Stmr Progreso,
hence Jan 24 for Seattle. 28— Stmr Washte
naw, hence Jan 25 for Tacoma. » I
' EUREKA— Arrived Jan 2S— Stmr Lajruna he
Jan 23.
U FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jan 28-Stmr Rival,
.hence Jan 27; stmr Coqullle River, hence Jan \
Tt.
ALBlON— Arrived Jan 28— Etmr Cleone, hce
Jan IT.
< SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 28— Rtmr Pro*re»o,
hence Jan 24: stmr Navarro, Hence Jan 22; Br
ship JordanhiU, from Tacoma. »*?■•■■:
TAQUINA Arrived Jan 28— Presi
dent, hence Jan 25.
■ Sailed Jan 28— Stmr Alice Blanchard, for <
San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Jan 28— Bktn
Kltkitat, from Honolulu.
Sailed Jan 2S— Schr J M Weatherwax. for
Launceston; Arg bark Eundaleer. for Nou
mea.
ASTORIA— Jan 2S— Stmr State of Cal- t
ifornia, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MELBOURNE— SaiIed Jan Bark Sea
, King for Newcastle, NSW. to load for Ban
Francisco.
VICTORIA— SaiIed Jan IS— Stmr City of To
peka. for Alaska.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan 27— Br ship Tar
ana, hence Sept 8.
YOKOHAMA— Jan Haw stmr
China, hence Jan 6. 26— Br Btmr Lombard, fm
: Oregon
HONGKONG— Arrived Jan 27— Br stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver. « _
Sailed Jan 26— Stmr City of Peking, for "San
FrancUco. ■■* -
AUCKLAND— Arrived Jan 23 at 12 m— Br
Btmr Moana, hence Jan 9.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
MOVILLE— SaiIed Jan 2S— Stmr Anchoria,
for New York.
BOULOGNE— SaiIed Jan 28— Stmr Spaarn
dam. for New York. ;\±' , ,
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Jan 28— Stmr Bovlc.for
New York. •
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 2S-Stmr Allcr.
from Bremen.
IMPORTATIONS.
COQUILLE RIVER— Per Jennie— l4o tons
coal. 9 os flannels. 56 bxs apples, 2. hides. 2
bbls wool. 17 m mdse. 1 sk coal, 1 bdl pelts,
2 bbls butter. 17 raw hides. ; ; 
GRAYS HARBOR— Per Del Norte— 32o M ft
lumber, 37 ca boots , and shoes. 1 pkg hard
ware. £3 bbls salmon.
CONSIGNEES.
I Per Del Norte— Grays Harbor Commercial
Co; Cahn. Nickelsburg & Co; C B Whitney &
Co: Union Gas Engine Co.
Per Jennie— J S Kimball: D E Allison * Co:
W B Sumner & Co; Hulme & Hart: S Bloom
& Son; Tillmann & R«-nd.>l ; W T Brady; W C
Price & Co; Wolf. Wreden & Co; Meyersteln
& Co; F B Halght; Smith's Cash Store; Cal
Chemical Co; Standard Oil Co: W Choffy.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NSW WESTERN HOTEL.
1 H J ChrlEtenson. Cal I- Colbert. California
iC L Webster. San Mat B Smith, Stockton |
B B Rogers. Oakdale H Metut. San Jose
J Murray, Suisun .1 H Ferguson. Cat
Q ii Green. J'lxon F Ryan. Los Angeles
II Morrison. San m** O'Toole. California
D li Chester. CalistogaC li Smith. Cloverdale
E H Hills. California J X Button, St Helena
L Green. Arizona It B Howard. Rio Vist
V J Smith, Wash C M Brennan, Cal
J Holm, Seattle I
BALDWIN' HOTEL.
W Nnpler. Pleasanton IE H Gale. Orovllle
J S tier. California | X J Culdwell. Los Ang
! c Prosing. Dawson F Francis. San Jose
I F D Porter. Chicago 'J M Smith. San Jose
'■ Miss G I^a More, X V H I) Harnhart, Cal
j Mies M Drummond, |J Schilling. St Louis :
Dawson ; D B Wilder, Sta Cm»
<W C Wolfe. Lob Ang W W Cole. Denver
W .! Towne &- w, Cal H Levin. Tucson
' E :•■: Smith, Detroit I R E Coleman. Tulare
; A Bettena, California JO W Boyle. Cal
i W B Frue & w. Cal B Klmberly, Cal
I H C Lee. Cleveland E V Smith. Burlnghm
i F E Drake. Chicago J A Burger. San Jose
j ■\v a Goodman. Cnlcgoi
PALACE HOTEL.
: J W Mitchell, L Ansr IF D Draeseke. Cripple
; C J Kemp Van Es. ■ Creek
London Mrs Draeseke, Cripple
' H W Myrick. R I Creek
C H Wright. Md IE Runyon, Red Bluff
O R Russell, Kansas c Mrs Runyon. Red Bluff
h i: rarkhurst. Portldl Miss Peck. Orange
1 Mrs Swift, Boston I H Pomory, Stanford
: Miss Swift & maid, C H Phillips, S Jose
Boston r i. Orcott. Sacto
■J L Law son, Oakland >' J Titus. Sacto
j H A Ross. Oakland W Land. Sacto
j G H Faatz. NY Ii I > Stephens. Sacto
jJ A O'Brien. Minn OI" Cooper, Belmont
i E Arner. Kansas City W D Currier." Spokane
'• H A Loth. Chicago C A Molson. Helena
; Mrs Loth. Chicago C E Goodman Jr & w,
■ S Lang, Cripple Creek I Helena
LICK HOUSE.
i J Sullivan, Reno J Ford, San Jose
' I) Sullivan. Reno Capt Bolles. Ken] Pk
! J Markley. Sacto 1 I" Smith & w. Frsno
: E H Adams, NT M B Rose, Fresno
; J W Conant. Cal i.l C Rennle. St Heln
; J Lawler, Prescott |J R English. Vallejo
| Hon S T Black. Sac ! F B Hatch. Ashland
i A F Morris, Clevelnd Hon T Fox, Sacto
; If C Barnes. Suisun ! V Kelly. Bacto
i m:-> M Barnes, Susn H I 1I 1 Wilson &w,SJns
.! J Thomas. Salt Lk E A Byler. Victoria
AD Catlln. Sacto j O P Bias?, Atwmter
i \V J Hit-Yin, B Jose j J K«fp<-rs & w, X.v
, i J Miller. Reno J M Stanley, Chicago
I ! A L Hoover, A very ' W I' Collins, Grndßp
, J F Kisley. Oswego i M L Chiles. St Ulna
, j D E Knight. Marj-svliA C McLean. Reddg
. R J Mamakee. Hywd V Dumperth, Omaha
i ! J Watkins, Madura : J Duffy, Philadelphia
: ' J L Whitney & w.Cal J Hoover. Spokane
; j A H Handerson. Bkfl II B Wagoner. Lvrm
; I H Newell & w.SltLk W Bennett. Gllroy
| II C Franc. Sna Jose L E Lewis. Merced
I I- (Hole. Sausallto j L O Grady, a Mateo
H B Rowlatt. Watsn! I
GRAND HOTEL.
E B Klmball. HaywdaiMrs W Scott. B C
3 V Snyder & w. NevC i A A Poole. Wash
W F Barnes, Sacto J Hunter & w, Stock
M A Xurs-e. Sacto 1" .t Shields". Sacto
R Pratt. Cal • . . "■ Dr Wl* Matbews. Sac
\V Howard, Haywards C R Barrey, S Rafael
W C Gideon. Cal J V Hill. Trenton
W T Craig, Stockton V W Anderson. Stanfd
W J Berry. S<-!ma S B Sanborn, Oakland
.T 111 1 Bradley, Merced W J Stevens, Elk Grve
J B Herllhy.' Cal M R Meritt. Salinas
F J Harr.bly. S Jose W T Harris. Mok Hill
H Paul. Oakland F I. Erestron. Nev
M T Doollng. Cal D H Shepherd, Btoekta
E E Holbrook Cal Miss E <; Fix. Boston
\v w Foots, Oakland Miss M Fix, Boston
\V W Moore. Stockton (5 F WJlley. .Paso Rob
N M Cop well. Mass C A Green. Stanford
T Jay. Idaho W F Fisher. Callstoga
r. J Shepherd Jr. Fr*n F Peterson, Sacto
A T Knight. Folsom F Cox. Sucto
C F Foster, Red Bluff (W H Edwards&son.Cal
X X Kubll & w, Or Mrs CJHutchison.Medf
M H Angevire, Redng J A Whltman&w.Medf
II S Minor. S Rafael H Toblsci &W, Sacto
H H Minor, S Rafael C F Hargrave, Napa
J T O'Brien. Seattle D C RaiJcllff. Jackson
Mrs Richardson. Seatle Mrs H H Bell. Mortnz
J Sedgwlck, Rck Sprn .1 M Brooks. L, Angeles
ALARMED AT A
DISAPPEARANCE
Spring Valley Water Company
Looking for Collector
L. M. Henry.
Rumored That the Missing Man's Ac
counts Are Short and an Inves
tigation Will Follow.
The Spring Valley Water Company Is
minus a collector. L. M. Henry, one of
the trusted employes, who has a wife
find one child, has not been seen since
Monday last by either friends or rela
tives, and much anxiety is felt for his
welfare. For twelve years Henry has
been collecting for the company through
out the Mission district, and for a time
lived at Twenty-second street, near Mis
sion, but a short time ago, according to
reports, he moved to a rooming house
on O'Farrell street, near Taylor, and
again, leaving hi* family, took a room
for two nights at 20 O'FRrrell street in
a' lodging house run by Louis Audet
It is a well known fact by the friends
i of the missing man that he is an ex
, ceedtngly hard drlnkt-r at times, and it
j is thought that he is in the city enjoying
himself, but a rumor has gained ground
i that the collector is short in his accounts
• and has fled.
At any rate, the company is alarmed at
! the continued absence of Henry, and
| Chief Clerk Booker is working <"»n the
reports of the collector. A thorough
canvass of the ground formerly covered
by Henry is being gone over.
It is not possible that he- can be in the
company'? debt to any great ••xter.t, if at
i all. at. he had accounted for u.ll moneys
collected uj> to two clays prior to his
t mysterious disappearance. No member of
the company is aware of tho addr
Henry nor of that of any membr-r of his
family, and It is possibly due to this fact
that he cannot be found, although it ls
acknowledged that Mrs. Henry called at
the office but a day or two ago and in
quired if her husband was still in tho
company's employ, and whether or not
he had been seen there within the past
few days.
While the chif>f r-lork of tho company
has been working on the books no other
bookkeeper has b^en given any knowl
edge of the standing of accounts, and it
is thought nothing will be done until
Henry has been located or it is fully
determined that the now mapected col
lector had fled the country to escape
i prosecution. Many friends of tho miss
ing man are of the opinion that Henry
will return when he learns of the anx
ictv felt for his safety and for the money
which he had in charge at the time of
his disappearance.
An Illinois railway mall clerk has
been doing a little figuring on his
twenty-four years' service, and finds
that he has traveled 803,784 miles and
handled 57,916,144 pieces of mall matter.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 20, 1898.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
TOOK A GIRL
FOR A BURGLAR
Amusing Experience of
a Robber-Hunting
Party.
An Innocent Servant Starts the
Alarm and Is Cap
tured.
Dr. Lanz Convinced Thnt Thieves
Have Designs on His
Home.
Oakland Office. San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Jan. 28.
The numerous burglaries that nre
now being committed are productive of
some very amusing experiences, but
none is more ludicrous than an ad
venture which occurred at the house
of Dr. Lanz in East Oakland last night.
On two or three occasions recently
the doctor has been aware of the fact
that men have been prowling around
his house after dark, and he has dis
covered evidence that left no doubt in
his mind that their intention was to j
break in and take whatever of value
they could find.
He decided on a plan which he be
lieved would succeed in capturing any
burglar who might come to his prem
ises. His residence is at the corner of
Fourth avenue and East Twelfth
street, and anticipating thieves, he in
vited four young fellows to his house,
all of them over six feet two inches in
height. He thought that with this gang
of giants they would accomplish some
thing. These young men were A. F.
McDonald. Thomas J. Thompson, Har
old McCoy and F. Millar. They passed
the early portion of the evening in
stretching threads across the pathway
that leads to the entrance. Dr. Lanz
had previously attached a powerful
burglar alarm to the front door, and
these threads were connected with it.
About 10 o'clock, when the house was
all dark, and the young men on guard,
the residents in that neighborhood
were aroused by hearing loud yells, as
of a lady in distress, from the vicinity
of Dr. Lanz's house. Four tall fellows
were seen to be pursuing a fleeing fig
ure, but the flight soon stoppe.i wh«-n
they discovered that they were chasing
a woman.
A little investigation showed that it
was Dr. I^anz's servant's night off. ami
about 10 o'clock she was returning to
the house. On going up the pathway
she unconsciously broke the little black
thread, the burglar alarm, unlike most
machines of its character, worked with
precision, and .in Instant later the
frightened maid, followed by the tall
guards, was flying down the pathway.
all shouting like coyotes.
This attempted burglary has not
been reported to the police.
GRAND JURORS DRAWN.
Superior Judges Sitting in Bank
Select One Hundred Narrjes.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2S.— The Judges of the
Superior Court eat in bank this morn
ing and drew one hundred names for
Grand Jurors for the ensuing year. The
names drawn are:
E. J. Blanding. E. J. Dndge. F. V.
Hogeboom. August Koerber, A. V. Lan
caster, F'>eUr Lapham, John E. Mason.
Genrge Metaecke, A. T. Robinson, L. S.
Still- ■>-. J. Piper Smith. M. F. Tarpey,
Thomas W. Badger, George W. Flick.
Daniel B. Hinckley, W. G. EUmhaw,
George Klnsell, T. \V. Le Hallister. ( \ L.
Maxwell, J. W. Phillips. Walter Renwick.
Albert Rhoda, O. Whipple. L. H. Wak< -
field, Howard Oreracker Jr.. F. T. Dus
terberry. L. E. Osgood. William Day,
James G. Vandepeer. a. \V. Schaffer. Kd
mund Hathaway. H. W. Ifeek, Henry
Meinlnger. Daniel Luc«, E. J. Hoi
J. L. Hollis, H. F. Boer, ICaar Luders.
John Philip Ki-lley. Isra<l HortOß, A. K.
Schweer, Henry H. Ellis, George F. (!!!>
son. Martin Donahue. P. C. WaTtenbaugh,
Robert O. Graham, E. E. Walcott, Ira M.
Wentworth. Henry Loomis, Charles \V.
Kinsey.
James Moffltt. William T. Hamilton,
George T. Hawley, Ernest A. Heron,
William W. Whitman, Daniel Crowli
ii. Breed, Charles D. Pierce, Walter «;.
Manuel, James B. Wilson. Edward New
land, Joseph W. I'mphred, P. N. Remil
lard. Melvln L. Board well, William Gru
enhagen. Minor Hillyard. C. A. Sessions
Charlea Blaey, Wlllam S. Phelan. AJpheua
Kendall. Louis Kahn. Hugo Abrahamson
Hugh Hamilton. Benjamin Smith, John T.
Wright, Peter Thompson.
James T. Moran, John Hackott. H
Rogers, George B. M. Gray. A. 11. Wow
George W. Arper, Peter Baker, John AH
man, Henry H. Meyer, E. A. Hatnea D
N. Coey. Joseph L. Scotchkr. Henry' W
Taylor. Charles A. Bailry. j. r. Woobiey
Isaac L. Requa, Horace D. Irwin. Jam^s
Gamble. Anson S. Blake. E. H. Hart
Jamen R. Littl.\ Harvey M. Waterbury
A. 11. Broad, Patrick Fee.
LACK OF POPULISTS.
Supervisors Find It Difficult to Fill
Their Election Lists.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2K— NVxt Monday th*
Board of Supervisors will have before
them the list of voters from whirh to
select the election officers in conformity
with the provisions of the Stratum pri
mary law. The board met this morning
and Supervisors Church, Roeth and Wells
handed their list to the County Clerk.
Supervisor Mitchell and Supervisor
Talcott stated that they were experi
encing great difficulty in completing their
list. l>y reason of the fact that they could
not tind enough Populists. Mr I
also stated that in making up his list h»
had met with the same difficulty
County Clerk Jordan said he is anxious
to have the matter settled at once. He
said that it would be almost impossible
for him to have the names placed on
slips, lolded and nut In a box on Monday
and in order to facilitate matters it was
decided to hand in the list informally and
he could commence work immediately
When the completed lists are handed to
the Clerk he will at onece get towork and
next Monday the election officers who
will have Co serve for the entire current
year will be chosen.
OaKlood News Items.
OAKLAND. J;..n. 25.-A. Ca*sebohn.
who was laying linoleum in the Court
house, cut an artery in his left hand this
morning. He was treated at the Receiv
ing Hospital.
Tho Oakland. San I^eandro and Hay-
Wards Electric Railroad lilod a memor
andum of coatfl to-day in the John Rogers
damage suit. Fhowing an aggregate of
$117 7" t>XDtnmm besides the jury and
stenographic fees, which aggregated $300
Hurglars entered the Merritt House
again last night, being the second time,
and stole personal effects belonging to F*
ii. Maglll valued at $50.
R. E. do Lopes, who alleges that James
F. O'Brien criminally assaultedhisdaugh
tor, Nina de Lopez, has given Prosecut
ing Attorney Melvln, two bottles of liquor.
taken from O'Hrien, for chemical analy
sis.
City Attorney Dow nas been given the
trading stamp ordinance to pass upon its
legality. As he drew It, there seems but
little doubt that he will declare It legal.
M. Lindqulst, an evangelist, was in the
Police Court this morning, on examina
tion for a juror. In answer to questions
he testified that he believed in God. who
upoke to him. The attorney asked per
mission to be present at the next confer
ence.
TO SIMPLIFY
LICENSING
A Matter of Interest to
the Three Bay
Cities.
The Present System a Source of i
Annoyance to Many
Interests.
A Conference Proposed for the Pur
pose of Promoting Uni
formity.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 28.
Some time ago it -was proposed that
a conference be held between repre
sentatives of Alameda, Oakland and
Berkeley for the purpose of agreeing
upon a system of local licenses that
would be satisfactory to all thrpp
places. This conference has not been
held and there is dally a growing need
of uniformity of the license system on
this side of the bay.
The town of Alameda Is now consid
ering a new license ordinance, and It
is believed that if officials of the three
towns g-ot together this never-ending
source of trouble to merchants, ex
ptvspmen and others could be obvi
ated.
In the Oakland Police Court cases
are constantly arising of hack drivers
and expressmen and drivers* of deliv
ery wapons hf-ing arrested for coming
Into this city and doing business with
out taking out the necessary license,
dn tb« other hanl, if Alameda has a
funeral and r» quires more hacks than
are available In her t^wn, no carriage
can g" over tn Oakland to take part In
th»- funeral cortege unless the drivers
fortify themselves with a license cost
ing s^vpral dollars per annum. In
Berkeley th*> same efforts have been
made to protect the merchants of th<*
town from thp incursions of Oakland
solicitors, ami thr result Is that the
three towns are constantly arresting
people and subjecting them to much
annoyance over a matter which could
easily be adjusted, for it Is not impos
sible for the different governments to
agr^c upon ponr' system by which each
•hall receive its share of revenue from
tho lic*»nso business without working
hardships on the other two towns.
The Merchants' Kxehange of Oak
land has discussed this license matter
very thoroughly and its members could
B»-nd a delegation to such a conference
that would be a material help in ad-
Justing the matter, for while many
consider it necessary to protect this
side of the bay from San Francisco mer
chants, it i* not generally believed that
there is any groat necessity to protect
f the bay citlefl against another,
now that th< y are so rapidly growing
together that it Is difficult to distin
guish the boundary lines.
CONDUCTOR WARE
LOSES HIS WIFE
Makes Public His Intention to
Pay No More Family
Bills.
Husband Says Wife Loved Dress,
She Says He Was Too
Stingy.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Jan. 28.
Frank E. Ware, a well-known conduc
tor on the Southern Pacific, published
one of those significant little notices to
night stating that his wife, Mary, having
left his home without due caus<\ he does
not intend to pay any more of her bills.
Four years ago Frank Ware married
Mary Edwards, and the young couple
WWO given quite a Hend-off by the many
fellow-employes of the road. For a while
all Went well and their little home was
one of peace and happiness, but Mrs.
Ware gradually tired of trying to live
within the limits of her husband's salary.
The conductor, on the other hand, was
anxious to hav> I fund, and this
little matter of finance* gradually led to
a gap which fast widened.
The young folks were of tender years
when they married and Mrs. Ware's ro
mantic ideas could not be carried out on
l v inductor's modest salary, and her
dream was soon dispelled. Some time ago,
the husband says, she took all her little
possessions and their spare cash, and
although he will not say one harsh word
against her, he declares she had no Just
cause for breaking up his home. He has
men ly stated that he could not persuade
his wifp that noble qualities, rather than
fine dress, make a good wife. On theother
hiind Mrs. War-- says her husband was
stingy and Irritable, and so has ended
the little romance 'if their lives.
DOMESTIC INFELICITIES.
J. Boynton Leaves Hon)e, His Wife
Tak.es Poison — A Daugh
ter Is Missing,
OAKLAND. Jan. 28.— Mrs. A. Boynton
of 63 Valley street started a commotion
yesterday forenoon by announcing that
she had taken a dose of poison. Dr.
Shannon was called, lv.it when he ar
rived nhrt had co far recovered that she
r.fiis.«i to talk of the affair. However,
it is claimed that she told her children
that Bbfl was going io commit suicide.
Mr. Hoynton is an electric railway em
ploye, and after quurrellng with his wife
it U asserted that he left with the an
nouncement that ho would stay away.
This is said to have caused Mrs. Boyn
ton to art as she did. To-day another
chapter was added to the family diffi
culties, for Katie, a 16-year-old daughter,
disappeared and her mother notified the
police and asked that they try to locate
her. She fears that the girl will be lost.
However, it is the prevailing opinion that
Katie has K"ne to her father, who, it is
reported, was hurt last night on leaving
his car. He could not be found to-night.
Eden Parlor Installs.
HAYWARDB. Jan. 28.— Native Bone in
large numbers gathered to-night at Na
tive Sons' Hall to take part in the In
stallation of the new officers of Eden Par
lor No. 113. The ceremony was performed
by District Deputy A. Cobbledick of Oak
land, assisted by Orand First Vice-Presi
dent Conley of Mere d. The new officers
are: President. J. 8. Stanton: first viee
lent, C. Nudeek: second vice-presi
dcßt, C McDonald: third vice-president.
\V. Akerman. marshal. George Oakes; re
cording fiecretary, A. V. Morgan; financial
r\. It. M. Powell; treasurer. A. J.
Powell. "A banquet succeeded the installa
tion.
Mary Dohrmann Found Guilty.
OAKLAND. Jan. 38.— The jury in the
case of Mary Dohrmann, charged with
poisoning the chickens of Mrs. Jensen,
found the defendant guilty this after
noon, after deliberating three hours.
They unanimously recommended her to
the mercy of the court. She will appear
for sentence at 9:30 o'clock in the morn
ing-
TO ISSUE A
PICTURE BOOK
Alameda County Anxious
to Appear to Good
Advantage.
Taxpayers to Get Illustrations
of Some Recent Road Im
provements.
An Attempt to Lot tVia People So©
What They Get for a Million
and a Half.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 28.
Alameda County intends to be very
generous. Within a few weeks ? mod
erate amount of dollars will be expend
ed in placing before the taxpayers an il
lustrated annual report which is just
what the taxpayers need, and which, if
it had been issued annually* for the last
ten years, would have saved much of
the suspicion that has hung over the
actions of the county officials.
This illustrated report of County j
Clerk Jordan will not only contain an
intelligently resume of all the expendi
tures of the county, but it will also be
illustrated In such a manner that the
citizens may see where the money has
gone and what results it has produced.
The annual cost of administering the
government of Alameda County Is i
about $1,600,000, and there has long been
an idea prevalent that a large percent
age of this could be saved. General
charges of extravagance and injudi
eiousness have frequently been made,
and not without reason, but now that it
is proposed to place before the people
a truthful account of the expenditure
of their money, it will be possible for
the citizens to carefully scan those fig
ures and intelligently frame a platform
upon which Supervisors and county of
ficials must stand a 9 regards econ
omy.
One of the sources of expense with
which least sympathy has been shown
is th<- county Infirmary. The new re
port will contain several pictures of the
department of this institution, which
will convey a better idea than any other
medium and give a correct im
pression of conditions at the in
dlgents' home. A series of pic
tures has also been made of some
of the permanent concrete culverts that
have been built on the county road. It
was formerly the custom to squander
a few thousand dollars every year on
patching up wooden culverts, but dur
ing the past four years several of
these flimsy affairs have been replaced
by solid pieces of masonry that will
stand for all time. Many permanent
iron I. ridges have been built in place
of the old wooden structures, and it is
the intention of the report to show
these things pictorially and to adver
tise to all the country that the affairs
i of this county are tolerably well ad
j ministered. No annual reports were
issued till three years ago, when Clerk
; Jordan issued a partial one. The fol
lowing year one a little more complete
1 was fled, but that now in progress
goes into detail and will leave ro ex
cuse for any one not to be well ln
; formed on the county's finances.
LIVINGSTONE AT LARGE.
f\ Trusty Scales the Jail Wall and
Escapes.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2S.— Abe Livingstone,
a trusty serving a six months' sentence
in the County Jail for petty larceny,
made his escape this forenoon and has
not been seen nor heard of since. He
went into the court to hang out some
clothe* to dry. His continued absence
led another trusty to investigate. He
could not find Livingstone anywhere and
at onco reported to Jailer I^ane.
A search was instituted and it was dip
covered that the missing man ha<i used
the corner stones of the southwest wing
as a stepladder to reach the roof of the
main Jail. He had then walked across
the building to the wall on the Washing
ton street side. This he followed to the
south end and jumped to the grass di
rectly below the office window and made
his escape without being detected. The
imprint of his feet in the grass can be
distinctly seen.
A number of prisoners have made their
escape in this way in the past when they
were allowed to exercise in the court.
This has been denied them for the past
two years, and only trusties were allowed
to go into the court. The attention of the
Board of Supervisors has been called to
the place in the past, but without avail.
Something may now be done to protect it.
She Warded a Ride.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2S.— Miss Annie Roch
berg. aged 25. took a buggy from in front
of the residence of E. H. Benjamin, cor
ner of Oak and Eleventh streets, this aft
ernoon at 3 o'clock and drove off with it.
The loss was reported to the police short
ly afterward, but it was after 8 o'clock
before any trace of the missing rig was
found. At that time a telephone mes
sage reached the police station that
some one had driven into Lake Merritt,
off the foot of Boulevard terrace, and
that they would perish without help. The
patrol wagon was dispatched, to the place
with Sergeant Peterson and Officer Cock
erton. They found the horse in the mud
up to his body and the buggy over the
springs, with a woman in it. A rope was
made fast and the buggy pulled back by
the patrol wagon team. The horse was
then secured.
When searched in the police station
Miss Rochberg had $41 15. She was poorly
dad. with no wrap and an old cap. When
asked why she took the rig she replied,
"I wanted a ride." Not another word
would she offer in response to questions.
She is a Swede and declares that she has
been living "nowhere" in the past.
SecK'ng Another Site.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2*.— The special com
mittee on the proposed new municipal
buildings decided to recorrflnend to the
City Council that the City Hall site be
sold at auction, except the portion occu
pied by the engine house and tower and
a ten-foot driveway, and that the City-
Attorney be iisked to prepare a peti
tion providing for the reception of bids
for lota within a half mile of the present
building, not less than 200 feet by 300 feet,
for a new site. The meeting consisted of
Councilmen Rowe, Pringle and Henne
berry. Mayor Thomas. City Attorney
Dow and City Engineer Clement. The
recommendations met with the hearty ap
proval of these gentlemen. The matter of
the best shape in which to offer the pres
ent site was not decided, and another
meeting will be held next week to de
cide that.
Clalros Prominent Parents.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2S.—C. P. Johnson, who
was arrested last evening for obtaining
money under false i-retenses, claims to
be the son of the millionaire lawyer of
St. Louis, who is engaged in the Luet
frert trial in Chicago. He also claims to
inve a brother in Los Angeles, who is a
superintendent of an electric railway. To
day two warrants were sworn to charg
ing him with obtaining money under
false pretenses. Johnson will plead In the
morning, having secured an attorney.
Death of G. fl. Lelgbton.
OAKLAND. Jan. 2S.— George A. Leigh
ton, aged 57 years, died to-day of pneu
monia, after an illness of three weeks.
(' The Rosy Freshness
And » velvety softness of the akin is inT»-
rlably obtained by those who uae Poxzoin's
Complexion Powder.
His father, Ben J. Leighton, died on the
19th Inst. leaving two sons, George A.
and Charles. George was unable to at
tend his father's funeral. He leaves a
widow, but no children. He resided at
1073 Twelfth street.
CO-EDS ORGANIZE
President Marion Whipple of the
Woman Students Appoints a
General Athletic Board.
BERKELEY, Jan. Mar
ion C. Whipple of the Associated Women
Students to-day announced the appoint
ment of an athletic board composed as
follows: Chairman. Miss M. J. Colby '$>9.
Tennis— Miss Grumsky 'W. Miss Barto
'98, Miss Love '&. Miss Simpson '99 Miss
Wilson "00, Miss Steinhart '00. Miss Cat
ton '01. Miss Godin 01. Miss ICastman 01,
Miss Stock-well '00. Country Club— Miss
Brownsell '9S. Miss Guppy '9S. Miss W.
Robinson '&S. Miss Armstrong '99, Miss
Wagner '00, Miss Dufflcy 'DR. Miss Arun
sen "00, Miss Ratcliff '01 and Miss Voor
sanger '00.
A committee was also appointed to in
vestigate a proposition made by a San
Francisco theatrical company that the
women students stage a play written by
Miss G. U Berg "9'J. 60 per cent of the
proceed! to go to the women students.
The committee, which will report next
Wednesday, consists of Miss M. v . My
ers Miss E. K. Arunsen. Miss B. M. Gris
wold. Miss G. L. Berg and Miss L. R.
Haehnlen. _^^_______
CLASS OFFICERS ELECTED.
Juniors Chose T. W. McPherson |
President of Their Class.
BERKELEY. Jan. 25.-T. W. McPher- |
son was to-day elected president of the |
Junior class to fill the vacancy caused
by the resignation of Percy . «. a 11;1 1; '
The other officers of the class are: First •
vice-pro -ident, Miss E. Rothermel; second ,
vice-president. J. M. Mannon; secretary, ,
Miss J. Abrahams; treasurer. W. Me-
Cloud; sergeant-at-arms, W. H. Houston;
executive committee. L. N. Scott, C. fc.. i
| Thomas, E. C. Swan, R. L. Logan and .
I Miss A. Mason. . I
The freshmen elected C. D. Cobb presi
dent for the coming term. The other ofn
■ cers are: First vice-president. Miss R. |
Morse; second vice-president. Miss R. '-
Cnllen; secretary, M. H. Schwartz; treas- ,
I urer; Miss F. Barnard; sergeant at arms,
N. G. Guiberson; executive committee. E. !
1 M. Hecht. Miss E. T. Owen, J. A. Mor
gan and R. \V. Tully; track captain, Roy
Woolsey.
Singers vs. K.lcKcrs.
BERKELEY, Jan. 28.— The annual base
! ball game between the football team and
! the Glee club will take place on the Uni
versity campus a week from to-morrow.
The game is one of the social events of
1 the college year. The line-up will be as
follows:
Glee Club. Positions Football Men.
j Freeman or
Morse Pitcher Kaarsberg
El.<t>n (Capt.)... Catcher Bender
Rawlinga First base Hall (Capt.)
' S. Elston Second base Simpson
Smith Third base Greisberg
; Freeman Short stop Whipvlc.
Peart Left field Hopper
' Powers Right field Ludlow
I Trippler or
; Belding Center field Thane
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. Jan. 28.— J. C. Berry. J.
Sather and Kirk Gilbert of Berkeley have
organized a party to leave for Klondike
on February 10. They will go via Juneau
and Skagniiy.
A choir boys' club has been organized
by present and former members of St.
Mark's choir. The twelve charter mem
bers are: Harry Cheney, Warren Myers,
Hugh McJunkin. Theo Wilder. Milton
Wilder, Robert Van Sant, E. Sutton. W.
Carallier, Elmer Nelsen, George Cumber
patch, Harry Goodman and Norman An
drews.
Wants Its Poles Back.-
ALAMEDA, Jan. 2S.— Some two years !
ago the Fort Wayne Electric Corporation
endeavored to steal a inarch in this city
and secure a foothold by putting In a j
plant, contrary to the wishes of the peo- i
pie and the orders of the Board of
Trustees. They put In poles for lighting:. ,
but were enjoined and ordered to remove !
their apparatus. This they neglected to
d>>. and. after due notice, the city itself
■ undertook the task of removal, and tore
: up liU forty-foot masts belonging to the
i intruders. Those were stored in the cor
por&tlon yard, and have remained there
ever sinre. The corporation now desires
! to obtain possession of them, and has
i applied for permission to take them
, away. They will be allowed to do so af
! ter paying $5 apiece for them, that being
the expense incurred by the city in their
removal. The poles cost $10 apiece.
Whist Tournarrjent.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 2S.— The whist tour
nament of the Encinal Recreation Club
began last evening with a large attend
ance, and much interest was shown.
; Twenty hands of duplicate whist were
played, with the following result: Cooper
and Murdock defeated Fortner and
i Hopps, 15 to 7; Stoddard and Nelson de
feated Olsen and Hopkins, 10 to 9; Mes
! erole and Hagg defeated Danley and
Innes, 12 to 9; Dinsmore and Stratford
defeated Tenney and Burnham. 13 to 12.
i The finals will be played next week. The
; tournament will be continued to-night
and to-morrow evening.
Encaropment Installation.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 28.— Sunset Encamp
ment No. 25, I. O. O. F.. installed new
officers last evening. District Deputy
Grand Patriarch Wever presided at the
ceremonies. The officers are as follows:
Chief patriarch. John Larken; hiph
priest. George Phelps; junior warden, C.
1.. Miller: scribe. W. J. Fisher; treas
urer, H. P. Wk-hman; guide, E. A. Rand
lett; Jh-st watch. Charles J. Hammond;
second watch. C. P. (. hristensen; third
watch, P. Jorgensea; fourth watch. Dr.
E. M. Keyes; sentinel. L. Simon. After
the installation ceremonies refreshments
were served in the banquet hall.
Funeral Bill Suit.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 2S.— February 4 has
been set as the day upon which will be
tried in the Recorder's court the suit of
A. P. Smiley of this city against G. W.
Sovereign of Oroville, for $180, the cost of
the funeral of Confidence Operator Cum
mins, who imposed upon so many people
with fictitious tales of his wealth, which
consisted of packages of brown paper
done up to resemble bank bills. In the
belief that Cummins had left a fortune,
Sovereign stood responsible for the fu
neral bill, but when nothing but blank
paper was found he refused to pay.
Hence the suit.
Japanese Student Pays Tuition.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 28.— Another Japanese
student has le*rned that the laws of this !
country are made to be obeyed, and has !
concluded to pay his regular fee for the
privilege of attending the public schools '
of this city. His name is R. S. Kawasaki. I
and he is in the high school. He claimed j
to be only able to pay a portion of the
fee. but this was accepted and he was i
given time in which to raise the remain- '
der. It is expected that the other Japs
■will follow suit us soon as they learn
that they cannot get bark into the I
schools without making the required pay- i
ment.
fllaroeda Notes.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 2S.— The Gentlemen's
t'lub of the Presbyterian Church had a
vory enjoyable graphophone entertain
ment last evening-. They will hold a pict
ure nifrht next week.
There will be a meeting of the Labor
Exchange this e\ening to discuss mat
ters of interest and Importance.
The Bimetallic Club will hold a meet
NEW TO-DAY.
ICUREFITS
When I say I cure I do not mean merely to
stop them for a time and then have them re-
turn again. I mean a radical cure. I have made
the disease of FITS, EPILEPSY or. FALLING
SICKNESS a life-long study. . I warrant my
remedy to cure the worst cases. " Because
others have failed is no reason for not now
receiving a cure. Send at once for a treatise
and a Free Bottle of my infallible remedy.
Give Express and Post Office address.
Prof. W. H. PEEKE, F.D.,
4 Cedar St.. New York. !
"'■; OPIUM
The purs essential extract from the native dm*. Con-
tain* all the valuable medicinal properties of Opluia
•wltnotit !ts noxious elements. No sickness cf Rtomarhi
no vomit jig ; no coatlTenew ,no headache. All Druj«v ca.
" ' ' ■■■■1|
ing this evening to arrange for a public
meeting to hear Congressman Towne of.
Minnesota.
"LADIES` DAY " ESTABLISHED.
The San Francisco Club Opens
Its Doors to the Gentler Sex.
The San Francisco Club has reached a
degree of popularity during its brief ex
istence second to none of the bachelor
homes of the city. Its fine clubrooms on
the sixteenth and seventeenth floors of
the Claus Spreckels Building, and tho
magnificent view of the city, bay and
surrounding country obtained therefrom
have had much to do with establishing it
in the good graces of clubmen; and now
the wives, sisters and sweethearts are
clamoring for a peep into the charmed
and charming circle, and another peep at
the fairy-like panorama spread out be
low and around in every direction.
This clamoring has become so great
the club has been forced to take cogniz
ance of it, and last night tho board of
directors met and set aside tho first and
third Wednesdays of each month, to be
designated as "Ladles' Day."' when mem
bers will be permitted to extend tho hos
pitalities of tho club to their lady rela
tivea and friends. The dining-room will
be open to guests for luncheon, which
will be served from 11 a. m. to 3 p. m.
The members of the «-iub are delighted
with the innovation, while the ladies are,
overjoyed at the prospect of obtaining
admittance to the clubrooms.
Schott's Third Concert.
Anton Schott is the drawing card at
the Young Men's Christian Association
Building. Last night was the third of
his series of concerts, and as the popu
larity of the gifted singer has become
known to the music-loving people, the at
tendance has become much better, so
much so that the auditorium was crowd*
ed at the concert last night. In addition
to the fame of Professor Schott, Mrs. C.
O. Richards' superior qualities as a
singer was a drawing card. The selec
tions were "Archibald Douglass" — by re
quest — (C. Loewe), Anton Schott; (a)
"Ruhe Suess liebchen" (Brahms), (b)
"Mainacht" (Brahms). Mrs. Richards; (a)
"Am Abend" (Arthur Fickenscher), (b)
"Maiaridacht im Waldo" (A. Ernst), An
ton Schott; (a) "Veilchen" (Mozart), (b>
"Veilehen" (Mendelssohn), Miss Voltz;
(a) "Widmung" (Robert Franz), (b) "Auf
Dem Meere" (Robert Franz), Anton
Schott; duo (C. M. yon Weber), Mrs.
Richards and Miss Voltz; "The Two
Grenadiers" (Reissiger), Anton Schott.
NEW TO-DAY.
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYADI WATER
HunyadiJanos
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
FOR
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
. & HEMORRHOIDS,
Th« prototype of all Bitter Waters." Lancet.
"Speedy, sure, gentle." British Medical
' CAUTION: See that the label bears the rtcrru*
ture of the firm.
Andreas Saxlehner.
y^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
'>-i" HK AK\Y ST. Established
■fjf^H»»ln 1554 for the treatment of Private
laJißf'Ma Diseases, Lost hood. Debility or
HMK&Shm disease wearing on bodyand mind and
«aXrgg*B§4&<i skin Diseases. The doctorcares when
ajHL^HIH others fall. Try him. Charges low.
SiHtiSa CiirensDarantrrd. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. W. «■ IBBO>, Box 1937. 5 an Francisca
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
I Steamers leave Broadway wharf JbiSk*
San Francisco, as follows: SSSSSK
■ For ports in Alaska, 9 a. m., Jan. 1, 8. 11. 14.
21. 26, 31. and every fifth day thereafter.
" For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacortea and
New Whatcom (Bellinghain Bay. Wash.), t
a. m., Jan. 1. 6. 11, 16. 21, 26, 31. and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver
i with C. P. Ry.. at Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at
: Seattle with Great Northern Ry., and com-
; pany'B steamer for Alaska.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), steamer Po-
mona. 2 p. m.. Jan. 1. 6, 10. 14. 18. 22. M, 31.
Feb. 4. 8, 12, 16. 20. 25. ».
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon. Ca-
i yucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gavl-
ota, Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San
Pedro, ' East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and!
Newport. 9 a.m.. Jan. 1, 5. 9. 13.-17. 21. 25. 29.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
i ford (San Luis Obiwpo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11
■ a. m., Jan. 3, 7, 11, IS, 19, 23. 27, SI, and every
fourth day thereafter. ,
For Ensenada. Magdalen* Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Ro-
falia and Guayma? (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Jan. 6 and
Id of each month thereafter.
The Company reserves the right to chang*
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
BT ,* him™ of p»fH»><'.
TICKET OFFICE— Palace Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery st.
GOODALL. PERKINO & CO.. Gen. Agts.
. . 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
]p OR T Hi J± 3ST 3D
. From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE M 2 First Class Including Berth.
TAftD js 8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Jan. 23, Feb. 2, 12. 21
Columbia Jan. 2S. Feb. 7, 17. 27
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appli-
cation to F. F. CONNOR. General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
i 4 Superintendents.
fsWlllllfl The S. S. ALAMEDA
jfcflWir, sails via HONOLULU
W E W nnrl AUCKLAND {or
y ™ —^. SYDNEY, Thursday,
/jj/ V > February 3. at 2p. m.
SftJamShlDc) s. S. Australia.
CyIMHIJIIII/ for HONOLULU only.
lolHßoiZtr* Thursday, February
\yinjpyjcep 17 at 2p. m . Spec iai
party rates.
I Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE
| TOWN, South Africa.
I J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
-- 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market st., San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier mew). 42 North ■**r*rrt
■ River, foot of : orton st. Travelers^■TfrrT>
: by this line avoid both transit by "■*"'••
English railway and the dluoomtort of crossing
the. channel in "a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via l'Tis. first class JISO.
second class $116.
LA BRETAGNE December 11, 10 a. m.
1 LA QASCOON'E December IS. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE December 25. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE January 1. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE...... January 8. W a. m
For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent.
■ ■ No. S. Bowling Green. New Tor*.
J. T. FUOAZI & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery-
i aye.. San Francisco. . "
FOR ALASKA ANDTU6ET SOUND.
The stanch ship Lucile, In tow. leaves Feb.
3 for Dyea and Skajruay via Seattle. Limited
amount of freight space for these ports. Agents
123 California st., room 13: telephone 5342.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St., at 3
p. m. Daily.
FREIGHT RECEiVEU UP TO 5:30 P. 1C
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and ztv.
Ing through freight rates to all points on Usa
Valley Railroad. ■
STEAMERS:
T. C WALKER. J. D. PETERS, *
MART GARRATT. CITY OF STOCKTON. .
Telephone Main 805 Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
~T~ "* ~ ] "" ! ' 5" ■-■«■:•:■.-.•
For San Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
Steamer Alviso leaves Pier 1 dally (Sundays
ezcepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso daily (Saturdays
: excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
I Fare between San Francisco and Alviso. 50c:
: to San Jose. 75c. Clay street. Pier i. 41 If cut*
; First street. San Jo— .
I FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
! Steamer "Montlcello"
: Will He up to receive new boiler and general
:| overhauling on February 1, : and resume her
I route on March 1. HATCH BROS.
1112
SIX CHOICES
LAID TO REST
Acrobatic Buck Massie
Beaten in a Walk by
Fleur de Lis.
Spencer Earned Fresh Laurels
by His Effort on Harry
Thoburn.
Treachery Developed an Attack of
Speed— Eddie Jones Was Out
for Glory.
Any old sort of a thing seems to go
at the track nowadays. Run a horse
to-day at 3 to 5, get him beaten a city
block, and cut him loose a few days
later at 4 to 1 or better, and it's all
right. This is modern "Western racing,
but it won't last. There has been a
supply of "lobsters" at both o-f the two
big tracks for the past three weeks in
quantities large enough to keep a thou
sand Klondike miners from starving to
death. If the judges continue in the
game lenient mood, the end can be pre
dicted.
On Friday, January 21, Buck Massie
was a veritable wonder, beating 'Ost
ler Joe, The Roman and Tom Crom
well over one mile and a sixteenth, with
his tongue hanging out. almost pulled
to a walk. Yesterday the brown horse
started in a mile dash, a 9-to-20 favor
ite, and after going half a mile, went to
pieces, and was disgracefully beaten by
Fleur de Lis, backed by the knowing
ones. To be sure, the 'time, 1:40^,
marked an excellent performance, and
the winner is a rare good mare, but
Buck's early disinterestedness is en
tirely inexplicable. The new owners of
Rubicon did not fancy that horse's
chances, and of course as the only re
maining starter he was in duty bound
to finish third. The favorite's downfall
may have been right up to form, but
certainly more was expected from him,
considering his long Eastern record.
Another brilliant piece of workman
chip was that of "Slim" Spencer, astride
Harry Thoburn. If medals were pre
sented to jockeys for favorite slaying.
Spencer is entitled to half a dozen or so,
even if they were given to him all in a
bunch for this one ride alone. The
horse opened a 5-to-2 second choice for
the fifth race, a mile selling affair, and
the generous bookies were pleased just
before the curtain arose to- lay a little
Ito 2 that Harry didn't show. If Spen
cer is troubled with insomnia then the
ride justified the price. When the
horses issued from the saddling pad
dock in answer to the bujrle call. Judge
Murphy summoned Spencer to the
stand. What the official said may be
heard later in the phonograph. It was
not repeated to the press. To add to
the ridiculousness of the situation
Caldwell, in a gay mood, sent the field
away to a fantastic start. Marplot, an
outsider, off in front. He maintained
the lead to the end, finishing three
lengths ahead of the post favorite. San
Marco. Aroused once near the half
mile pole by the squeakings of a stall
door, Spencer again relapsed Into a
reverie, and was beaten out for the
Fhow by Conley on the outsider, Don
Clarenclo. Los Prletos was left at the
post, and Cromwell might just as well
have been.
All six favorites were burled with due
honors. Some of them received pood
rides and some did not. The book
makers enjoyed the sport, and as It be
prlr.s to look as though these pentry
and not the public were entitled to pro
tection it will have to pass as a good
day's racinp.
The Burns & "Waterhouse pair. Gold
Frrateh and Malay, ruled favorites In
the bettinc: on tho two-year-old scram
ble, and one of them, Malay, just man
aged to bite off the short end of the
purse. Thp winner turned up in the
Midlothian filly. Saintly, a 4 to 1 chance
In the betting, carrying the colors of
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB -- Incrlestde Track — Seventy-fifth
* clay of the Winter Meeting. Friday. January 28, 1898.
Weather fine. Track good.
506.
~ Indpx. II
FIRST RACE— Three furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $350.
Worses. Weight. ' Bt %m. %m. Km. Str! Fin. ! Jocke
Bt
4SB Faintly 10"! 3
4SB Olinthus 11l 2
4SS Maley 116 1
4SS Frank Ireland 1071 6
... Milt Young 112 7
... Gold Scratch 112! 5
4SB Prince Will 112 9
4SS Sir Urian 104! 4
... Canace 1091 8
4SS Santello 107 10
... Cambist 11111
2 V*
1 h
6 8
7 2
9 4
6 1
3 2
4 h
8 h
10 5
11
24 I
3 2
4 l\i !
. 6 1
6 h
7 1 '
ft 5
9 h
10 12 I
11 !
.^ucncfr ......I
Ckl.ll.
jShlelds
■lay ton I
Canley
Freeman
4
5
! 6-5
I 3
1 ••
i 10
1 30
8
30
30.
4
7
7-5
4
•
••
20
50
10
50
75
Thorpe |
Van Kuren...!
ICameron !
iMcNichols ...
Maoklin I
IGolden I
•Coupled with Malay. "Coupled with Frank Ireland.
Time, :M'«. Winner, Atkin & Ixyttridge's hr. c. by Imp. Mldlothian-Angelluue.
start. Won easily.
Good
507.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward: purse, *350.
453 Treachery, 5 11l i
4."3 Silver State, a 103
(S3 Jack Martin, E 104 9
459 Charlemagne. 4 101 3
463 Harry Gwynn, 4 106 7
<S1 Sea Spray. 6 104 1
449 Palmerston, 5 112 6
... Don Gara, 6 112110
490 StarllnK. a 102! 5
IS6 Paul Pry, 6 lOTIII
401 Pleasanton, 4 10112
407 Gov. Budd, 5 108 14
ESS Sonlro. 4 10l!l3
4J»3 Una Que Amo. 5....106J 3
11 m
2 n
10 3
6 h
3H
6*i
14
7 h
9 h
12 V,
8 »i
13 H
4 h
1 h
6 h
4 1
8 n
5 h
1 »i
1 %
10 h
2 h
11 V*
12 Vi
7 h
13%
14
3%
1 1H
2 ns
3 4
4 2
6 2
6 2
7 1
8 2
93
10 4
11 2
12 1 ;
13 3
-'■14 •■:
c=:
IPhields I
!H. Brown
'Stevens !
|R. Namei...
8 I»
4 4
7 To
5 25
6 16-5
7 6
3 6
12 40
100 150
15 12
40 ft)
30 100
12 «v
8 12
jj f '>ray
Spencer
Tr>mpkins
!M^!i,.T, n M
IMrDonald ...
Powell
W. Taylor ...
:"aroeron
|McNlchols ...
Garland
IConley !
Time. l:10' : .
Won easily.
Winner, J. O. Brown & Co.'s b. m.
by Hanover-Deceit.
Good start.
508* THIRD RACE " ° mile; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $000.
"index. Horses. Weight. !St. Mm. UiiT Km. Sti\ Kin. 1 .Tnrk^
Cl.
414 F'.eur De I.is. 4....1'
(47?.) Bu,-k MassSe, 6 V.
480 Rubicon, a 11
1
v
2 2
1 1
3
2 3
1 1
3
1 %
2 5
3
1 24
2 3%
8
1 2
2 4%
3
H
6-2
In ... 1-;
I I g
«tart! m Won W eailliT lnner> A ' J " Stemler & Co> " br " f ' by lm P- Maxim-Fleurette.
50 9#9 # FOURTH RACE-Sl* furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and~u~pward; purseT
Oood
$SSoT~
; purae, $350.
. i ; - .— _-^ M^,^. v . v,,.
(489) Kamsin, 6 1031 5 ... 4 h 5 1 84 Iv, Macklln ! 7 ir>
435 Benamela. 5.. ......107! 8 ... 8 6% 4h 2ns H Martin"" 7* *5
2*4 Amelia FonsoV. ".107 J ... 2% 2 I*4 2l' 4 3 414 IGrav ' i 5 ™
SS?t.'::::::S! ... Eh j« lIS 4 < sS&SEH ?
(427) Scotch Rose, 4 Iflti S ... 14 13V, 1 I*4 E4 Thorpe 11 ? ?
(31S) Olive. 6 19911 ... |fa j * 72* h cSStSI 1 ?
431 George Miller, a.... a ... IF 4h 5 % 712 s£ncer = j J
4W THtunph, a. Ho 7 ... 6h» 3h g* 8 _ ShT, ,d B . ! 30 «
l! drivlng. l/4 " Wlnner> L " H " Ezell ' 8 b - /«• by Blazes-Miss Hall. Good start. Woo «nt
acklln
. Martin ...
ray
nnley
horr>e
laytnn
t>^noer
tiieldg
510. FIFTH RAC E-One mile; Belling; three-year-olds and upward: purse, *400.
Index. Horses. Weight.l St. %NT %m". %NT! Str FfiT~i — j^ir.™ iT^T
485 Marplot. 3 88 l
(491) San Marco. 6 108 3
(499) Don Clarencio. 4. ...i0v 4
4f'3 Harry Thobum. 4. .105 5
373 Donator. 3 SS 2
(487) Cromwell. 6 ..10S j 6
403 Los Prietos. 3 M '
491) Pan Marco, 6.
4%) Don Clarericii
4f>3 Harry Thobu
37S Donator. 3...
4ST» Cromwell. 6..
403 Los Prietos. J
• Left.
Time. 1:41 >4.
Won easily.
" i JJ* J * it' 4 - 131 4 IS J. Woods .
• l" s 3 4 4^! 410 3* 4 3 3 210 Thorn*
0. 4....10:, 4 510 3n 520 540 h ConTey""
in, 4..MJ 6 !U l\« 2 2 2h 4 4 Spencer""
i "ffl 2 J2V4 520 6 6 4 2 660 IH. Martin
> I 6 6 6 6 6 H. Martin
3 ~~—*Z McXlchole
Winner, B. Schreiber's b. c. by imp. Rosslngton-Marjory.
1 1%
4 414
5 10
2 M
3 2%
6
1%
4 10
3 n
2 1
5 20
6
1 2<4j
3%
5 20
2 2
4 6
6
1 31*
33
1 40
2 h
4 2
6
1 3
2 10
3 h
4 4
5 SO !
6
J. Woods
8 7
2 9-5
.... 12 15
.... 5-2 3
.... 40 100
2 3
... 15 20
Bad start.
Thorpe
IConley
ISpencer
Ward
H Martin ...
Mc.Niohole ...
511.
three-year-olds; purse. $400.
255 Torslda 120! •>
425 Linstock Hi 1
(479) Eddie Jones .......125 7
4*2 Glorian Hi' 3
4 2 The Dipper 110 4
4 16 Hermoso 1171 2
482 Bow and Arrow.'. ..lo2J 6
!2 t ionrlaa '-' •> en «l 4 1..4 43U 1 U h Martin • •
f ijpil WMzm mmMMM&M
g gTßte-:i::r::a J !? IL U J?^ J j
«rivlne. c ' 1:2S ' 4'4 ' Wlnner « E - F - Smith's eh. f. by Torso-Judith. Good start. Won first three
6 n
3 n
7 ■
2*4
4 !i
1 %
s',^.
4 1
('• ns
3 h
C us
i2lii 2li
4 1 ,4 4 3H
6 - : i 6 2H
31 3 n
In 1 24
6 V 6 IV4
23H ; 2 h
7 7
1 H
2 2V4*
3 4%
4 4-
I I
6 2
7
!H. Martin ...
;\V. Martin ..
[Thorpe
iClayton
Conley, .......
Spencer
In™..
]Gray
Atkin & Lottridge. She assumed the
lead in the stretch and won easily
from Ollnthus, the brother to Diggs.
A band of fourteen platers faced the
barrier In the alx-furlong sprint fol
lowing, and so closely were they
bunched until the stretch was reached
that the probable winner was a mat
ter of mere conjecture. Treachery, a
15 to 1 shot, finally drew clear and l«^d
Silver State and Jack Martin out with
considerable to spare. The latter two
were but noses apart. Palmerston
opened favorite, but was never promi
nent.
The faint-hearted Scotch Rose was
made favorite for the fourth, another
six-furlong spin, and failed to get
within the money. In the stretch
Macklin brought Kamsln up and won
handily. In a hard drive Benamela
nosed out Amelia Fonso for the place.
The winner was a 13 to 1 shot.
The final race on the card was a
sovm-furlong run for three-year-olds.
Eddie Jones, with 125 pounds on his
back, opened favorite at odds of 7 to 6,
but the stable did not fancy him to any
great extent and he receded to 4 to 1.
Hermoso led to the stretch, where the
good thing. Gloriam. took the lead. He
did not last long and Torsida taking
the lead won. ridden out half a length
in front of Linstock. Eddie Jones was
a good third.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
Following are the entries for this afternoon's
running events:
First Race— One mile; selling.
494 Rafaela 1021 607 Gov. Budd 109
371 The Drapon ....112' 494 Claudlana 102
4.~3 Tom Anderson.. 107 602 Wawona 109
607 Sonlro 104 <494)Sardou 11l
Second Race — Seven furlongs.
402 Fortunate 107 ... Fleming 93
493 King William. ..llo 505 Prince Tyrant. 99
493 Cabrilln 117 496 Hardly .... v>4
Ml Gotobod 99 4t2 Key del Tlerra.lo7
(95 Roulette Wheel. 34 485 Mlstleton 99
440 Elided 99 456 George Le« 96
496 Highland Ball.. 93
Third Race— One and a half miles: hurdle.
498 Presidio 134 1 394 Billy McCloskeyl2s
499 Verajrua 134 407 Silverado 145
407 Monlta 124 250 J. O. C 154
499 Gallant 136
Fourth Race— One and a half miles; Lakeside
Stakes.
Mf> Cromwell m 7' 600 Garland Barr ..106
M 0 Don Clarencio. ..102 369 Wh of Fortune 111
502 Wawona 104 (467)C0111ns 104
600 Judge Denny ..106 504 Personne 9.i
Fifth Race— Three-quarters of a mile; selling.
3.^0 Trolley 109 (483)O f Connell 116
4SO Belllcoso 112 496 Mainstay Ul
492 Alvarado II 104
Sixth Race— One mile; selling.
504 Red Glenn 1091 604 Hermanlta 1«7
4'.<2 J..e Terry 112 509 Triumph
475 Foremost 1»!» 463 Kaiser Ludwlg .lo7
471 Walter J 114 604 O'Fleeta 109
497 Little Cripple ..109 504 Lena 104
497 Nonchalance ...107 504 Fashion P1ate... 102
502 Palomaclta ....107
TO-DfIYS SELECTIONS.
First Race— "vTawona, Claudlana, The Dragon.
Becond Race— Mlstleton, Prince Tyrant, Ell
dad.
Third Race— Monlta. Silverado, J. O. C.
Fourth Race— Judge Denny, Wheel of For
tune. Collins.
Fifth Race— O'Oonnell, Trolley, Mainstay.
Sixth Race— Fashion Plate, Palomaclta, Joe
Terry.
Landaus, Wagonettes. Traps and Drags
of the latest designs at O'Brien & Bone",
Golden Gate avenue and Polk street. •
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Charles and Mary A. King to Anna M. Tob
benboske, lot on S line of Green street. 82:6 E
of Webster. B 1") h» B 137:6; $10.
John »;. W. and Minna Schulte to Charles F.
Doehring, lot on N line i>f Haight street. 37:6
E of Scott. E 25 by N 110. with privilege of
using as ingress and egress strip 3.6 run
ning from Scott street to premises; $10.
C. E. and Janet Knickerbocker to William
Schehr, lot on H line of Clayton street, 100 S
of Oak, R 25 by E 106:3: $10.
J. R Howell to Olive H. Grace, wife of Eu
.gene R. Grace, lot on E line of Locust street,
. N of Clay, N :.'■ bjr B 137:6; $10.
Isabella J. Martin to Henry K. Hoffman,
house and lot on Van Ness avenue. 127 feet
front by 27 deep (W line of Van Ness avenue.
:.4 S of Vallejo street. S 27 by W 123); also in
terest in the estate of John Martin; also prop
erty in outside counties and all property lv
California; gift.
Franziska and Frederick TartW to Fran
zlska l^ejeal. lot on W line of Sanchez street.
El N Of Eighteenth, N 25 by W 100; $10.
Timothy DrfacoU to Michael Reran. lot on
E line of Florida street. 234 S of Twenty
fmirth. S 27 by E 100; $10.
Eptite of Emma L,. Durbrow. by EMridge
an'l Harry Durhrow. executors, t'. Alfr.-l X
Durbrow (second party). Emma Holman, wife
of S. C. Uuckbee. and Caroline Holman, wife
of A. Holman (third party), lot on N\V corner
cf Commercial and Front streets, N 60 by %V
N, third party's quit claim to grantee;
$33.R11.
Alfred K. and Clara P. Durbrow to Ophelia
M. Verplanck (wife of P.), undivided half of
same property; $10.
Albert Plssis to Cecelia F. Peddar (wife of
S. H). lot on E line of Jones street, 100 8
of O'Farrell. S 22:»> by E 60: $10.
George P., 'William J., Henry F. and Joseph
P. Dunn, Catherine and William R. Johnson
to William F. Westphal, lot on N line of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 29, 1893.
: Glover street. 220:6 W of Jones, W 23 by N 60; I
(10.
Sarah M. Morken to Alice Weed, lot on W :
1 line of Thirty-ninth avenue, 150 8 of S street,
S 60 by W 120; $10.
; Arthur J., Alexandra and Eleanora Frauen
holz and Caroline Frauenholz (by J. H. i
Hopps, attorney), to Charles Bach, . lots 322,
and 323, Sliver Terrace Homestead Associa
tion; $5.
: Caroline Frauer.holz to same, came: $10.
! Benjamin F. Ellis to Minora S. Klbbe, lot
on S line of Thirty-second avenue, 75 \V of I
street. W 75 by S 100, block BCO, Bay Park
, Homestead Association; $10.
; Aaron Marks to Harriet Marks, lot on SW j
i line of Twelfth avenue, 7" XW of H street. \
HW 75 by SW 100. block 246. South San Fran- \
cisco Homestead and Railroad Association;
rift.
Henry F. Dutton (by trustee under distri
bution estate of Mary E. Dutton) to Henry
] F. Dutton. lot on XE corner Pacific avenue
and Franklin street. E 56 by X 127:6%; $15,000.
Homeseekers* Loan Association t« F. N.
I Belgrano, lot on S line Union street, 100 E
; of Laguna. E 25 by S 137:6: $2750.
Steve M. Barocevich to Spiro G. Jancovlch. |
lot . on SE corner Filbert and Buchanan i
streets. S 30 by B 57:6; $10.
Robert Thompson to Mary L. Lancaster, lot !
| on SE corner Golden Gate avenue and Scott
I street. E 25 by S 109:6; $5.
Joseph and Isabel E. Flgel to Anglo-Call
1 fornl&n Bank (Ltd.), lot on N line McAllister
! street, 200 E of Scott, E 75 by N 137:6: $10.
Emile V. end Helen Lonlgo to F. W. Mc-
Cann, re-record of 1666 d 147, S line of Wash- !
ington street, 62:6 E of Spruce, E 50 by S i
102 8%; $10.
William Inglls to Addle L. Inplls, lot on E
line Masonic avenue, 215 S of Waller, S 24
by E 150. quitclaim deed; $1.
Pacific Improvement Company to E. R.
B&rnhisel, lot on X corner Brady and West
1 Mission streets. N'W 81:2% by XE 57; $10.
Chris C. or Cast on C. and Anna F. Butt (by
8. C. Blgelow and A. Smith, trustees) to El
liott B. Davis, lot on SW corner of Nineteenth \
and Stevenson street?. W 30 by S 85; $4692.
City and County of San Francisco to Dora |
A. Kelly, lot on N line of Dorland street, 374
W of Dolores. N 165. W 24. X 162:6. E 24; .
Dora A. Kelly to William Oszdorff. same; ;
$900.
Maria and L. Flnlgan to Theresa Abell, lot ■
, on 8 line of Sacramento street, 100 E of Lar
kln. X 37:6 by S 81:6; $10.
Amalla Medau to Walter S. Oliver, lot on S
line of Twenty-second street (Sierra). 25 E of i
Vermont, E 25 by S 100; $10.
Walter 8. and Minnie B. Oliver to Charles i
J. Reed and Edward Tenborg, same; $10.
Florence G. «nd William J. Bryan, lot on E.
i line of Eighteenth avenue. 121:1 6 of Califor
nia street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
filamedci County.
San Francisco Saving* Union to Rebecca
Wurts (wife of M. L.). lot on W line Broad- |
' way, 80 S from X Birnie street; thence 26 to j
center certain brick wall: thence W 72:34 to a '
line 40 E from center Telegraph avenue: thence
X 26:11 to S Blrnle street: thence E 79:3«* to :
beginning, tog-ether with all the land lying '
between the W boundary of said lot above j
described and center Telegraph avenue, Oak
land; $10.
F. E. and Clara B. Wilson and James D.
Byrnes et al. (by commissioner) to George W.
Arper, undivided 1.20 lots 12. 13, 24. 25 and 26,
block 16, Oakland; also undivided 1-20 of an un
1 divided half Interest In section 7. and SW U
section 6, and all that portion of W >>, of E
! V 4 of section 5 as lies wlthlvj»ie boundary of
County of Alameda, being In *.wnshlp 2 S. R
4 E. Murray Township; also property In other
counties and personal property: $3405.
Laura A. Pinney to W. H. Obear. lot on XE
corner East Twentieth street. 122.75 XW Six
teenth avenue. SE 122.75, XE 140, XW 95.30.
SW 142.63. to beginning, being portion frac
tional block 57. San Antonio, East Oakland: ex
change and $10.
M. Her.as to Manuel Corvelho, lot on NE
corner of Kennedy street and Shell Mound
• Tract. E 51. 77, NW 18.17, S 63.85 to beginning,
< being lot 12. block 6. Kennedy Tract, quitclaim
! deed. East Oakland; $150.
Hettle T. and William G. Henshaw to Wil
| Ham C. Gates. lot on X corner of East Four
1 teenth street and Sixth avenue. NE 150. NW
': 100. XE 20. XW 60. SW 60. HE 50. SW 110. SE
i 100 to beginning, block 56. Clinton, East Oak
land; $10.
William and Emma Herod to Frances H.
B"nt!»y, lot on X line of L* Conte avenue,
325 E cf 1* Roy, E 50 by N 125. being lot 15,
block 18, Daley's Scenic Park Tract, Berk
, eley; $10.
Frank E. and Mary Armstrong to Lizzie C.
Partsch (wife of Herman), lot on XE corner
i of Lincoln and Mllvia streets. E 50. X 135. W
40.50. S 135.33 to beginning, block A, Golden
Gate Homestead, Berkeley; $10.
S. C. Bigelow and A. A. Smith (trustees for
Mary P. D. Jagger) to Savings and Loan So
ciety, lot on SK corner of Pacific avenue and
Morton street. 150 B by S 115. being portion of
block 32, Fitch Homestead Tract, Alameda;
$4984.
Bllx Smith to Edward D. Judd. lot on S line
of Pacific avenue. 100 E of Chestnut street, E
£0 by S 150:2, being lot 16. block 5. lands ad
jacent to Knclnal, subject to a mortgage, Ala
meda; $10.
Ernest Menkens to Anna Menkens, lots 17, 83,
and \V 50 feet lota 18 and 32. joining along the
E line of paid lots 17 and 32 from S line Castro
street to X of Harlan street, being portion
Hemme tract, San I.^-andro, Eden Township:
$10.
Frank p.nd Marie Hamilton to Freeman J.
Cunha. lot on N line of Railroad avenue or
Seventh street, 10" W of Chester, W 2T. by N
100, block 529. Gibbons property at Oakland
Point. Oakland; $10.
Joseph Thlbault to Dellma Thlbault (wife of
Joseph), lot on W line of Madison street. 50 N
of Sixth street. N 50 by W 100. being portion
block 61, Oakland: gift.
William J. and Virginia R. Dlngee to J. F.
Dlngwell, lot on NE corner Cypress and
Twentieth streets. N 263:6 by E 339:6. Oakland;
Edgar A. and Jessie M. De Lamatcr to De
borah De Lamater. lot on S line of Thirty-third
street. 52D:6V« E of Grove, B 21.46. SE to E line
lot 14, Collins tract, south to S line said lot 14.
W 40. N 170. to beginning, being portion Col
lins tract. Oakland: $10.
James M. Stone to Mary A. Stone, lot on
N corner of East Sixteenth street and
Eighth avenue, NW 100 by NE 100, block 84.
Clinton. East Oakland; gift.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
James M. Stone, lot 207 In plat 12. Mountain
View Cemetery. Oakland Township; $S4.
Harry P. Blake to John Anscon, lot 12, in
Subdivision G of Frultvale. Terminal Tract,
warranty deed, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Henry Kahn (owner) with M. J. Savage
(contractor), architects Alex. F. Oakey and
James H. Jordan. Alteration* and improve
ments to basement and main floor of hotel on
BE corner California and Larkln streets: $1020.
James J. Fllnn (owner) with Demartlnl &
Pngano (contractors), architect Shea & Shea.
All work for a 2-story and basement frame
building on W line Devisadero street. 34:8 N
of Ridley, N 25 by IV IB; f&YK).
M. W, Belshaw (owner), .1 W. Wisslnger
(contractor) with James A. '.Vllson (sub-con
tractor). Brick work, concrete, setting: of
iron beams, sidewalk beams, trencnes for
walls, piers, etc., except iron I beams for 3
story basement brick building on NE corner
Fremont ftreet, 275 N of Howard. N" 45:10 by
137:6: $1995.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, January 2*.
Ktmr Greenwood. Fagerlund, 17 hours frm
Cleone; wood, to L E White Lumber Co.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BT'PixESS OFFICE of the San Francis"!
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o"clock even' night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICKS-6XI Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
S3:< Hayes street; op^n until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
6H, Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
S.W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets;
open until 9 o'clock.
KM Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2CIR Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
IMC Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
Btp-ets; open till 9 o'clock.
CHI IK II NOTICES.
FIRST United P^resbyterian"churchT~Goiden
Gate aye. and Polk st — Rev. M. M. Gibson,
D.D., pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:30
p. m. Young people's services at 6:30 p. m.
The partor wii. preach both morning and
evening. Subject for morning, "What Is
Acceptable to God?" Preparation for Lord's
supper on following Sabbath. Evening sub-
ject. "Were the Old Times Better Than Our
Times?" We want all the friends and mem-
bers, and strangers, too, to be present, espe-
cially at evening service.
TOT First Unitarian Church, southwest cor.
Geary and Franklin st?.— Rev. Dr. Stebblns.
minister; Charles A. Murdock. superintendent
of Sunday-school. The Sunday-school is at
10 o'clock. The moraine service is at 11
o'clock. All are cordially Invited. There Is
_no evening service.
MEETING NOTICES. .' " "
EXCELSIOR LodgV No. 166. W. «ad A. m~~
M.— Special meeting THIS (SATUR- gk
DAY) EVENING. January 29. at 7 -30 Y]f
. o'clock sharp. Third degree. /V^
THEO..E. SMITH. Secretary.
MISSSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. m
M. (2C68 Mission St.. between Twenty- Jk
second and Twenty-third)— Called meet- If If
ing THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING 'V V
at 7:30 o'c.loock. Third degree. By order of
the W. M. CD. BUNKER, Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of San v-**3U:'/«^
Francisco Lodge No. 3. I. O. O. 4§T cr * < V rv
F. : You are requested to assem-^-.'/^F
bie In yourlodgeroom SATURDAY "^V' 1
at 1:30 p. m. to attend the funeral of our late
brother. BALDWIN GARDINER. By order
of the noble grand. " *
. , imm o F - A JENNINGS. N. G.
A. JACOBI. Secretary.
EXCEI>SIOR Degree Lodge No. 2. Z&wOrZ
1. O. O. F.- -Regular meeting 4«?£siE&
THIS EVENING. First degree
will be conferred. " 5 3vin\ !*"~
■ A. K. KINGSFORD, 1). M.
CHIEFS and Brothers Pohonachee «tv
Tribe No. 10. Imp. , O. R. M.— You *^»«Ws».
are hereby notified to attend the j^^^.
funeral of our deceased brother, J. Pom-
KER, from his late residence, corner Twenty-
sixth and Howard sts., SUNDAY "Januar-v
30. 1898, at 2 p. m. By order ' January
-.„...„ - m J& ; 1' OHLSEN. Sachem.
WILLIAM NLTTALL, C. of R.
MICTIHQ NOTlCE?— Continued.
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' Union Association—
The detail commencing with Michael Shay
and ending with Charles Andersen will assem-
ble at their hall on SUNDAY at 1:30 p. :
m. to attend the funeral of their late ;
brother, JACOB CORDTS. By order of
ALECK CAMPBELL. Prca.
MASONIC Cemetery Association— The annual ,
meeting of lot-owners ' In the Masonic Ceme-
tery will be held at the Masonic Temple
. TUESDAY AFTERNOON, February 1. 189 S.
st 2 o'clock, for the election of three trustees .
and such business as may legally come be-
fore it. GEORGE J. KOBE, Secretary.
NOTICE of meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of The Nevada Na-
tional Bank of San Francisco will be held
at its banking office, 301 Montgomery st., San
Francisco. Cal., on MONDAY, the twenty-
first (21st) day of February. 1898. at .3:15
o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve during the en-
suing year, and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
San Francisco, January 20. 1898.
THE regular annual meeting of the Stock-
holders of The National Ice Company will be
held at the office of the company. 327 Mar-
ket street. San Francisco, Cal., on WEDNES-
DAY, the 2d day of February. IS9B, at the
hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to serve for the
ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. J. T. DONAHUE. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THEY are closing out remnants of curtains,
dress goods, corsets, hosiery, underwear, bed-
spreads, towels, laces, linings, trimmings,
veilings, etc., very cheap at Pioneer Dry
Goods Store. 105 Fifth st.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and 1
mind reader. Rooms 2 and S. 120*4 Geary st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.'room €: tel. 6580.
MRS. DR. FISH. rm. 3. 116 A Grant aye.: elec-
trician: alcohol, Turkish baths: unrivaled.
JNO. HULTHEN, electro-magnetic massag*
treatments; alcohol baths. 8 Mason St.
MME. HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MRS. STEWERT. genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120% Geary St.. room U. • |
ROOM Renting Bureau, room 24, Flood build-
Ing, cor. Fourth st.
%XI MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tion* and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wants situa- '
tion to do general housework; plain cook; no
objection to country; $10 or $12 per month.
.'■■>« Howard st. I
WOMAN wishes position to do general house-
work; wages from $10 to $12. 1024 Howard
St., room 15. :
WOMAN washes position to assist In house-
keeping; good cook: will go as cook in
boarding house. L. S.. 514 Bush, room 1.
RELIABLE woman wishes position to do ■
chamber work. cook, or as working house-
keeper. Apply 205 Third st., room 80. |
RESPECTABLE woman wants to go out by
the day. washing and Ironing; $1 and car
fare. Apply 104 Grove st. j
YOUNG woman wishes working housekeeper's
position or do plain mending. 131 Fourth St.,
room 1. I
YOUNO girt experienced In cooking; also gen-
eral housework. Call at 1007 Natoma St.. off
Eleventh, between Mission and Howard.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do cook- !
Ing; wages not less than $25. Address box
724. Call office. j
WOMAN wishes situation in small family of
adults; good cook. Address box 788. Call.
YOUNG girl wishes light housework; (8 to 810.
Call at 1030 Howard gt.
PLAIN sewer wants work as apprentice to-
day. 501 Leavenworth st.
COMPETENT young woman wishes to secure
a situation as nursery governess; will assist
with upstairs work; good reference. Call or ,
I address Advertiser, 701 Stockton st.
I RELIABLE young woman wishes to secure a
situation to care for children: will assist
with upstairs work; good reference. Call or
address 701 Stockton st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes to do house-
work by the day or month : understands cook-
ing, washing, etc 909 Bryant St., between
Seventh and Eighth.
YOUNG lady with experience would like to
give massage treatment to Invalids at their
homes. Address box 754. Call office.
YOUNG, strong German lady wishes work by
the day. washing and housecleanlng. 61 Clay.
ENERGETIC and reliable woman. 32 years of
age. with experience In tel business, wishes
situation as chambermaid In city or country J
hotel: thoroughly understands hotel business;
can give references as to ability. Call or ad- }
dress K. C. 1408 J st.. Sacramento.
GERMAN Protestant nurse wishes position; In-
fant or small children: competent and re-
liable; well recommended; no objection to !
prwlng: country or traveling. Address box i
726. Call office.
YOUNG lady (German descent) wishes a situa-
tion to do chamberwork and sewing: pleas-
ant place of more object than wages. 308
Tehama St., room 16.
, ' •
RESPECTABLE woman wants a situation for '
general housework: good plain cook; no ob-
jection to short distance In the country. Call
at f.r.lV6 Howard St.
: AN educated and refined young lady (Ameri-
can) wants position as child's nurse; 1 or 2
children: $20 or $25; children's sewing. 1259
O'Farrell st.
WANTED— By a respectable woman, to work
by the day mending, washing or housework.
Inquire 10S3 Howard St., bet. 6th and 7th.
WANTED— By young lady, to tend store or to
do writing; Oakland preferred. Address MISS
K. SMITH. Frultvale. Cal.
YOUNG woman wishes to do cooking or house-
work, or will go out by the day; $25; $1 per
day. 106 Eddy st . room 43.
j THOROUGHLY competent girl, Just from the
East, wishes housework In American family.
Box 721. Call office.
GERMAN woman wishes situation as house-
keeper. 714 Lynn St., West Oakland.
GERMAN girl wishes a position for general
housework. 44 Diamond St.. bet. 17th and 18th.
GIRL would like a position at dressmaking.
Address ISIO Larkln st . in the rear.
GENTS' mending and repairing done. 823 |
Howard St.. room 39,
2 RESPECTABLE ladies wish positions as
cooks, or will do any kind of work in order
to go to Klondike. Address box 768, Call.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay. j
j 627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (esta^ 20 years) help;
t-1. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
■ CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 4144 O'Farrell st. . tel. .East 428.
HUNTER A CO.. Chinese and Japanese emp.
office. 614% California St.; tel. Main 231.
JAPANESE employment office; work day,
hour or evening. 122% O'Farrell; tel. Davis
FIRST-CLASS landscape gardener, profes-
sional florist, desires position to remodel old j
place or lay out new place; thoroughly un-
derstands his business. Address box. 794,Cai1.
YOUNG man of good business education,
handy at anything, wants work of any kind;
manual or otherwise: .steady and reliable:
references. Address box 801. Call office.
WANTED— as assistant bookkeeper
or clerk; 7 years' experience In railroad
freight and auditor's office; best references.
Address box :-.'.', Call office.
YOUNG German boy ' with 3 years' experi-
ence in confectioneries wishes situation in
same. Address box 796. Call Office.
] GERMAN. 25 years old, who speaks English,
wants position as clerk in dry-goods store.
j Address box 787, Call Office. . . .
CHIEF cook who Is a baker by trade and
fine meat-cutter: Is a first-class man. Ap-
ply to 'Ms Sacramento st., barber-shop.
MAN and wife, with one six-year-old boy,
would like a place on a dairy ranch. Call or
address K. SEP. 30S Third st.
WANTED— by a first-class bar-tend-
er: hotel or saloon; references. Address box
793. Call Office. -
GOOD sober American wants position as
cook; Is a good baker: camp or country hotel
preferred. Address box 791. Call Office.
WANTED — as cook in steamer going
to Alaska: sober, good baker; references.
Address box 790. Call Office.
YOUNG man, 20 years old, of temperate habits,
wishes situation; is willing and obliging;
references. T. C, box 803, Call office.
GERMAN baker with 16 years' experience
wishes a good position. 1707 Powell St., city.
, SINGLE man, handy around '. horses, also
with tools, desires position as porter In pri-
vate place. Box 800, Call Office.
GARDENER— Young man, sober. Industrious,
wlsh-s position In private family. W. A.,
box 779. Call Office.
BARBER'S apprentice wants chance to finish
trade. Address H. H".. Call office.
EXPERIENCED In farming, fruit growing,
road building and general practical work,
also understands land surveying; good refer-
ences. T. A. CKEGAN, Napa, Cal. -;
SITUAI >NS \V. NTED— Continued.
; MAN and wife desire a place In a good family
to work; good plain cook: neat, tidy; man is
reliable German gardener; understands tak-
ing care of horses and cows and '-antly
I around the place; good references; city. Oak-
. land or Alameda. Address box 778.' Call.
| WATCHMAKER— Norwegian, having worked
! 2H years at watchmaking In the old country
and 4 years In watch factory in this, wants
work at the trade. Box 703. Call office.
PAINTER. just arrived from New York, wants
work; American mechanic, 25 years' experi-
ence; Wood finisher also came with him.
"Comrades." box 7SO. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes a situation as fireman: 8
years' experience; can furnish good city ref-
erences. Address H. P. F.. 634 Fourth st.
GERMAN man and wife wish to get positions
together on private place; speak good Eng-
lish. SO2 Larkin st.
JAPANESE who has good experience desires
position as cook or housework. Y. M., 1917
Broadway.
SITUATION wanted to open oysters. Address
box 756. Call office.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants situation to do
plain cooking and housework; good refer-
ences. GEORGE, 13194 Larkin at.
MAN with 8 years' experience wishes position
to drive delivery wagon. Address box 725,
Call office.
MECHANICAL engineer open for engagement:
high references. Box 727. Call office.
I RELIABLE. Industrious German gardener:
understands taking care of .horses and cows
and handy around the place; good references.
Address box 763. Call office, city. Oakland
or Alameda.
! SITUATION as engineer or fireman. Address
W. H. BARKER. 802 Francisco St.. city.
GERMAN, middle-aged, married, speaks good
English, mechanic by trade, handy with tool*.
wants any situation. Box 770. Call office.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
JAPANESE wants a situation to do general
housework and help as waiter. M. M.. 1
Eddy place.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms, 25c to $150 night: $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
YOUNG girl, light work. $10; sleep home.
MISS CULLEN 825 Sutter st.
| WORKING housekeeper, $20. MISS CULLEN.
I 325 Sutter st. /
I NURSE. $12; cook, same house. 815: 8 house-
work girls, city and country, $20 and $25: 6
young girls, assist. $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
FRENCH chambermaid. $25; German second
girl. $20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter at.
WAITRESS, country hotel. $20. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, wait 2 meals, 120. MISS
I CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, light work. $15. no cook-
I Ing. MISS CULLEN. 825 Sutter st.
GERMAN ranch cook. $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
I CHAMBERMAID, private family, $20. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child. $10. MISS CULLEN. 825
Sutter st.
SWEDISH or German cook. $30; 1 In family.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Putter st.
WOMAN with a child, $25, country. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
RANCH cook, $28. MISS CULLEN. 32S Sut-
! ter st.
GIRL, Scott street. $15 girl. Twenty-fourth
st.. $15: girl. Pinole. $15: girl, Gough. $15;
girl. Pacific aye.. $15: girl. Valencia. $15;
girl. Fulton, $15: girl. O'Farrell, $15; girl.
Webster. $15: girl. Guerrero. $15: girl. Bush.
$15: girl, Turk. $15; girl. Post. $15: 13 young
girls, $8, 10 and $12 ptr month: girl, Scott,
$1.'.; girl. Geary, $15: girl, Sutter. $15. MAR-
TIN & CO.. 749 Market.
INSTITUTION cook. $30 and room: 3 cooks. $20 j
to $25 and room; 3 waitresses, $5 a week: 2
waitresses. $20 and room: 3 chambermaids and
wait some; lunch counter girl, $6 a week.
MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market.
FLANNEL washer. $1 25 per day. MARTIN
& CO.. 749 Market.
THREE housekeepers, country. MARTIN &
CO., 749 Market.
GIRL. Webster. $20: girl. Mission. $25: girl.
Union. $20; girl. Turk. $1«; girl. Redwood
City. $20: second girl, $25; girl. Sutter. $20:
girl, Alameita. $20; girl, Ross Valley. $20;
girl. Broderlck. $20; girl. Mason. $20. MAR-
TIN & CO.. 749 Market.
GERMAN or Swiss girl cook for ranch hands,
$25. MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market.
I NURSE girl, $15. Call early. MARTIN A- CO.,
749 Market.
r WAITRESSES, same hotel, south. $20; 2
waitresses, same hotel, north, $20; waitress,
country hotel, near city. $20; waitress, first-
class hotel, country. $20: German woman
cook, $25; small country boarding-house, $25;
waitress for lunch counter, railroad depot,
$20; German ranch cook, 15 men, $25; cham-
bermaid and wait. $20; waitress. $15: cham-
ber, straight work. $15. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 110 Geary st.
SCANDINAVIAN or German girl, general
housework for small American family. $20:
office fee paid by lady. C. R. HANSEN &
• CO.. 108 Geary st.
SECOND girl, country, $25: French cook. $30:
3 cooks. German style. $25: nurse. 1 child,
sleep home, $1S; German nurse, $20; expe-
rienced hospital nurse. $25; housework girl,
Stockton, $25: German waitress and parlor
maid. $2.".; German or Swiss cook, dairy, $25:
5 waitresses, $15 and $20; 2 boarding house
cooks, $2.'; and a large number of girls for
cooking and housework in city and country.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter St.
WAITRESS and chambermaid, country hotel,
$20. see party here at 9:30 to-day. • J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st. 1
2 WAITRESSES, first-class country hotel. $20.
fare paid; 5 waitresses, different country
hotels; ranch cooks, $15 and $20; 25 girls for
housework and cooking, country. MURRAY
6 READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 636 Clay st.
GIRLS ■
WOMEN :
If you want good places at good wages,
come see MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
EMPLOYERS gladly pay the girls' office fees
t at the Ladles' Parlors, 1023 Market st.
TELEPHONE operator; trained nurse; inva-
lid's attendant; stewardesses; typewriter;
sewing machine office clerk; dental office
clerk. Ladles' Select Parlors, 1023 Market st.
FREE service— lo girls wanted at once, wages
$18 to $25; no fees charged; the best homes
In the city waiting. Ladles' Parlors. 1023
Market st.
GOVERNESS to teach grown girls in English
and music; refined home; good salary; per-
1 . manent place. Call room 6, 1018 Washington
St.. Oakland.
YOUNG lady for photograph parlors; slight
knowledge of books required. Call rooms 7
and 8, 1018 Washington St., Oakland.
MANAGING hotel housekeeper, middle-aged,
experienced. $40: good references. 1013
Washington St.. Oakland.
25 GOOD reliable girls; best homes In Oak-
land; highest wages. 1018 Washington St.,
Oakland. ..■ -■ ■
. j COMPETENT girl to do general housework
i and cooking: small family; must be a good
. i cook. Call 2219 Jones st., bet. 10 and 12.
' I YOUNG girl to assist In light housework:
wages $10. 1206 Clement St.. bet. 13th and
; 14th ayes.. Richmond District.
' GERMAN girl or woman for housework; plain
cooking; sleep home. ' Inquire southeast cor-
ner Sacramento and 'Leavenwoxth sts.
: j GIRL to go to Marysvllle to help with light
housework; 2 in family; good home: wages
' - $10. Call mornine. 10 Vicksburg . St., bet.
. at and 23d.
1 i REFINED nursery governess who understands
training of children; references required. Box
798, Call office.
' WANTED— A strong, capable pirl for genera!
housework; wages $15. Apply 2654 Folsom St.
I . :
GIRL for housework. 3316 Stelner st.
' WANTED— At 921 Broadway. Oakland, room
. 10, 3 girls for general housework, $25.
WANTED — Experienced girl to take charge of
\ . dining-room. Apply Central Hotel, 's3o Third.
c STRONG girl to assist with children: $5 per
month; sleep home. 3681 Twenty- fourth st.
i ' '. ■ ' \ -- ~ ~, ~^~
1 WANTED— Waiter girl. 136 Second st.
" GIRL . for light housework; wages $10; refer-
• ences. 710 Cole St., near Chutes.
YOUNG girl, light housework; $10; sleep at
home. 2U>«i Eleventh st.
! ; FRENCH dressmaker: fashionable; order
trade; 3 seamstresses; clerk. 1023 Market.
8 15 YOUNG cooks, house and second girls; also
• i nurses and young girls to assist. MRS. LAM-
• BERT. 417 Powell St.
" i WOMAN for housework; 2 In family; no wash-
Ing. 25 or 319 East St.
• YOUNG girl for general housework and cook-
> Ing. Call forenoon, 1628 Sutter st. ■
- MONEY loaned on . watches, diamonds, Jew-
1 | elry: low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
- , REMOVED— Dr. Wise, the ladles' specialist, to
; 1508 Market st. : monthly troubles, etc. .
■ ; YOUNG girl for general housework. Apply 214
i Hyde st.
HELP WANI£D- Continued.
EXPERIENCED nurse to take care of baby;
reference required; wages $15. Inquire 3232
Jackson st. ■■ .-.-'.-■
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School, 1079 Market
st. ; perfect fit ; no trying on; trial free. . ;
LOT of uncalled-for shoes from 25c up to $1 25.
5C2 Mission st.. bet. First and Second.
LADIES' shoes, soleing, 35c, men's shoes, sole-
ing. 50c.: all repairing done at half the usual
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d.
THE McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School la the best place to learn; Mechanics'
Fair diploma: patterns cut 25c up. 103 Post.
MALE HELP WAI.TED.
FOR sawmill, country, steady work; 20 rail-
road laborers, $20 and board; 2 married men
for mill work: gang boss, $10 and board. R.
T. WARD, & CO., 608 and 610 Clay'st.
BAKERS — -— -
Baker-waiter for the mines, $4o and found:
second cook for the mines, $35 and found; 3
cooks. $30 and $35; 3 waiters. MURRAY &
HEADY, Leading Employment Agents, 634
an.l 636 Clay st. •
T* ATT (~\ R ■ — »
Tailor for a country store. MURRAY A
RKADY. Leading Employment Agent*. 634
and !.."f Clay st. '
° For a M S mine. MURRAY & READY,
634 and M Clay st. telephone Main 5848.
GARDENERS — -— —
For a private family: choreman for a ranch,
$20; 3 farm hands. $20 and $23: 2 Scandinavian
farm hands: 3 farmers. $25. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 63fi Clay st.
MACHINISTS ■ 1 : ; '■ — '-
Wanted for a country shop: 3 wire nail
operators. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 638
Clay st. "
WOODCHOPPERS ■ •
20 wanted for a large Job: fare $1 oO; wages
$1 «5 ccrd. MURRAY * READY. 63* and 638
Clay st. ____
City job; pulling down building; $1 60 day.
board home. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
TIES _^_._______^ — — — - — — — — — — —
000 000 redwood ties to cut. Sc. S« and 10c
each. MURRAY & READY. 634 and r36 Clay.
MARRIED 77— ; —
25 families to cut wood. $1 per cord. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
POLISHER and starcher. country steam laun-
dry. $50; Ironer, $30 and found. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
WAITER. $35; 2 waiters. $30; waiter, $6 a
week. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
60 TIEMAKERS; 50 woodchoppers. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
BAKER and pastry cook, $60; bread and cake
baker, near city, $25 and found: baker for
an Institution. $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
108 Geary st. ■ .
PORTER and runner, country hotel. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
WANTED— English valet with references;
young man with some experience as nurse
for institution: new and second-hand furni-
ture buyer and seller; 5 coal miners; 20 tie-
makers, 8 and 10 cents, and others. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Restaurant waiter for country,
$35; restaurant cook, country, $60; waiters for
city, $3 week, and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento St.
WAITER, $40; waiter, $25 and room; waiter,
$30; young man as waiter, $15 and room.
MARTIN & CO., 749 Market St.
MAN to work In tamale factory; restaurant
cook. $75 to $90. MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market.
MAN to milk 8 cows and make himself useful,
$25 per month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
WANTED — A barber for Saturdays and Sun-
days. Apply early Saturday morning at 719
Montgomery aye.
STRONG boy not under 16 to learn candy busi-
ness; German preferred. SCHAEFER'S, 22
Sixth st.
WANTED— Steady man to take orders anrt as-
sist generally in light cash office business;
must be satisfied with $65 per month to start
with and have $150 cash; experience not nec-
essary. 995 Market st., room 3.
BARBER, steady work: also young man 2
years at trade. 1327 Pacific st.
THIRD. 514 V»— Good barber wanted. Saturday
and Sunday; wages.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; commis-
sion. 307 Grant aye.
FIRST-CLASS barber for Saturday afternoon
and Sunday morning. 201 Eighth st.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 152
Third st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 737 Mar-
ket st.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 105
Fourth st.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday. 211 Grant
avenue.
2 BARBERS wanted. 148 Fifth st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 103 Eddy st.
ERRAND boy wanted for -2 weeks, possibly
steady. Room 37, Wells, Fargo & Co.'s bldg.
YOUNG German, 16 to 18 years old, to drive
butcher wagon. 813 Buchanan st.
STRONG boy who has worked at carpentering;
$3 per week. Guerrero, near Twentieth.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis St.. near Jackson.
WANTED— experienced wood worker to
build sleds. 718 Third st.
BOY wanted. J. C. NOLAN, 641 Market st.
BARBERS— Attention! Wanted, a two-chair
barber shop; state price. Address box 716,
Call office. .--'■■■!
SEAMEN for coast, Alaska and Australia; no
cash required. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
A NO. 1 solicitor for shoe repairing; wagon
furnished: references required. Box 717 Call.
BEDMAKER TAYLOR— C.~~DAVIS wants to
see you.
25-CENT barber shop and bath; country, near
city; good chance: good reason for selling;
must be sold. Address box 692. Call office. -
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their Intention to become s':ch; must
be of good character and habits ana able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In height.
For further Information apply at the re-
cruiting office. 20 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and ' mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
TO — Good bushelman wanted. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. to CHARLES LY-
ONS. 721 Market st.
GOOD paying barber shop for sale cheap; must
be sold th!« week. 43^4 Third st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
SHOEMAKERS to get men's calf uppers,
$1: sam« price to order. Best American
$1 50. SHIRLEY. 921 Howard st. '
2000 PAIRS shoes— Another lot of men's shoes;
been slightly damaged: at less than one-
fourth their value: from 2Kc to $2 50. 662
Mission St.. bet. First and Second sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st~ near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c a night: reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ROSEDALE House, 321 Ellis— Roome 25c to $1
night: $1 to $4 week: hot and cold baths.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
fie- R. FUCHS. Sec., m Grant nve.
4 MARKET Branch office of The Call-
want ada and s\ihs<-riotlons taken.
05 LARKIN— office of The Call- want
ads and subscriptions taken.
SINGLE rooms 10c and 15c night. ™ c and $1
week. Linden House. Sixth and Howard.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. 9.
F. Barber College. 138H Eighth.
E V- CH .° ovae ' 863% Market st.-Rooms We.
25c to COc night: $1 to $2 week.
ROOMS. Jsc to 75c per night: 50c to $160 per
week Oriental. 225 Prumm st.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764H Mission;
"T!L 2« take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night: 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED to collect wages due laborers and
clerks. KNOX Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st.. below Sixth.
for » rrv-tp; ?Sr » night: Si f> wi»k.
HOUSES WANTED.
WHY lose money by having your houses, stores
Or flats vacant, when they can be quickly
rented by HENDERSON REALTY CO (pub-
lishers of Weekly Real Estate Register)
St*" 8 a trial. Satisfaction guaranteed.
HENDERSON REALTY CO.. 40SC McAllister.
. ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— unfurnished sunny rooms north
box MM k Can St 6f fl ' ab ° Ye BUSh - AddreSB
Y U M.' man wants Peasant room: central: $8
to $12. Address box 722. Call office.
S^T? RANTED.
WANTED— Furnished flat; $15 to $20; man and
wife. Box 753, Call office.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS make $6 to $12 a day; Perfection
Burners: consumes kerosere; territory pro-
tected: 200.000 sold four months. Pac. Supply
Co., 82 Flood building.
MONARCH vapor bath cabinet, containing
recent Improvements: agents making $10 a
day: territory protected. Pacific Supply Co.,
82 Flood building.
FIRST-CLASS canvassers wanted to solicit
subscriptions for the San Francisco Call
Scribner's United States History Ciuhs: the
greatest United States history ever published,
costing over $100,000 for illustrations alone;
this Is a grand opportunity for a live agent
to make money. Call or write at once- for
particulars. Address San Francisco Call,
History Department, room 120S Claus Spreck-
1s building.
ROOMS AND HOARD WANTED.
LADY music teacher wishes large unfurnished
room between Market and Howard. Fourth
and Eiehth sts.: half payment in piano les-
Eons. Box 7"2, Call office.
FURNITUKE WAff TED.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
pnniprv st. ■ hitrhest prices nald. Tel. Day's 71.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WE buy all kinds of second-hand tools, stoves
etc. JAMES CURTIN. 1123 Market st. '
SECOND-HAND clothing, dresses. se-.lsk!ns7
wanted; best prices; send postal. 10;G Folsom.
MACHINERY, beltinsr, p:p<\ Scales, tnnls, ptc
bought and sold. J. Livingston, 204 Mission.
PAWNBROKER- Old gold, silver, cast -oft?
clothing bought. Add. COLKMAN. 41 Third.
LODGING HOLES FOR SALIS^
80- ROOM house: 2 fronts; clears~s9oTTr. $ ~180
24 rooms in Oakland; new furniture; clears
over $200 per mnnth; only 2 koq
150-room hotel: 100 boarders " 10,000
24-room house (transient), on California
St.; clears $130 per month; only 450
14-room house, on Post 600
100-room house; fine comer 7 000
27-room house on Post st i,600
24-room house near Call office '500
34 rooms, fine corner 1.600
14 rooms, on O'Farrell st.. only 6^o
16 rooms, on Market, part offices R5O
14 rooms, on Golden Gate aye., rent $40... 600
12 rooms, central, gond furniture 250
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
WINSTON & CO.. 646 MARKET STREEt7~
RELIABLE BROKERS.
15 rooms, part cash; elegant, new $1,000
19 rooms, corner: a snap for 5r,0
23 rooms, near Baldwin; only g_Q
26 rooms. 12 unfurnished: rent $40 400
25 rooms, payments; rents $75: new 1200
26 rooms, offices; will exchange for city
property.
M rooms, part cash, bal. payments jroo
CO rooms, 3 corner: rent $100 2'wwi
6? rooms, clears from $250 to $300 ' vw>
120 rooms; rent $120; part cash \},oq
GOOD chance to make money; 80 rooms; rent
$76; terms, half cash, balance monthly pay-
105 New Montgomery st.
MINNA, 410— 8-room house all furnished-
rented: will sell cheap.
FOR SALE — Coso Lodging-house. 411 San-
some st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
MINNA. 713H— Furniture of four-room flat,
complete for housekeeping In every particu-
lar; three beds; one parlor folding; bargain
for cash. Call from 2:30 to 4:30 p. m.
FURNITURE: good condition; owner going to
■ountry: must be sold. 5343-4 Turk st.
HORSES.
Horse and cart for sale. 1926 Leavenworth
Ft., near Union.
JUST arrived— 2 carloads broke horses; 1200 to
1600 pounds. 145 Valencia st.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
or exchanged: cheap storage: 40 horses: must
sell. T. P. NEWELL, ISO 2 Mission, cor. 14th.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth St.. auction sales every Wed-
_nesday. SVI.i.IVAX & r>OTLE, Auctioneers.
60 HEAD of horses suitable fo- any business
Old Turk street fnr Stable. 1301 Tvirk st.
WAGO77S AND CARRIAGES.
BIG 2-horse express wagon: 2 horses. South-
east cor. Haight and Fillmore sts.
WE sell at bargains the second-hand carriages,
coupes and wagonettes taken in exchange.
O'BRIEN & SONS, corner Golden Gate aye.
and Polk st.
SECOND-HAND grocery. bakery delivery
wagons. 2-wheeled carts, road wagons, bug-
gies and harness bargains for cast. Fifteenth
and Valencia sts.
TOP buggy, new grocery, business huggy and
good 3-spring delivery wagon. .TU Howard.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy: also 1 hack. S2B Harrison st.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:80
o'clock: branch nfficp of The Call. Subscrlp-
tions and want ads taken.
CARPET CLEANING. 4
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
S8 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-f.7 Tehama st. : tel. So. 40.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Workß, 14 Bth St., B. GRANT. Tel. Jessie 20L
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 420 Sutter:
tei. Main 894. GEO. WALCOM. prop.
CLEANING, 3o; laying, 3c; rug samples free;
tel Jessie 944. Stratton, 3 Eighth.
CARPETS cleaned and renovated like new.
13 Tenth: tel. South 86. Mackintosh & Co.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co., 140 14Ui
■t.: cleaning Sc a yard: tel. Mis. 74.
CONKUN'S carpet-beating works, 831 Golden"
Gate aye. Telephone East 126.
TEAS,
H, 23, 30, 35. 40, 50 per pound.
COFFEES,
10, 15, 20, 25, 35. 40 per pound.
SPICES,
10, 15, 20, 25. 40 per can.
RUNNING 100 STORES ENABLES US TO
SELL VERY CHEAP.
WE GIVE FREE
PRETTY DISHES,
GOLD WATCHES.
BICYCLES,
MUSIC BOXES,
AIR RIFLES.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA 00.
Stores Everywhere.
DENTISTS.
FULL set of teeth, $5; painle^s^xTractionT'see W
our combination plate, thin as paper; war-
ranted 10 years: teeth without plates; crown
and bridge .work our specialty; teeth Im-
planted or transplanted: fillings 50c. crowns
?3 50; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact: full set of teeth. $5 up; silver
filliigs, 25c up: gold crowns, $3 50 up; your
teeth put in without a plate: open evenings.
<>97 Market St.. cor. Sixth: 'Phone Jessi* 198.
NEW YORK Dentists — Painless extraction. Bo:
plates, S5: gold filling. 75c up: silver, 25c up;
plates mended, $1 up: special inducement*
to Klondikers; open .evenings and Sundays.
969 Mission St.. cor. Sixth.
DRTLUDLUM KILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th:. no
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from $S
per set; extracting 50c: gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
Ist, discoverer of painless ext -action and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
$S— FULL set of teeth; best make: kept In
repair: extracting free; fillings, 50c; crowns,
$3 50. Pacific Dental Parlors. 18 Third st.
ALLEN GRIFFITHS, dentist, has resumed
practice. 44 Donohoe bldg, Market & Taylor.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE"
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
W. C. HARDING. M. D.. sno Suttef st.. corT
Powell: tel. Main 5"7": painless extraction.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H\ C
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
COLTON D^ntnl Association. <*06 Market rt*
PR. CHARLES W. rTCKER.
STORAGE.
AT Tow rates— Furniture, "~carpets^ planoaT
household goods; clean, light compartments •
advances made. J. NOON AN. 1017 to 1021
Mission St.. above Sixth: open evenings.
AT lowest rates — Household i^oods. pianos- ad-
vances made; fireproof building, f' W - J
ZEKFCSS, S4O Mission st. Tel. Mint IS2I, '
TYPEWRITERS.
REMINGTON No. 8; fine" order? $257~sampl«
sent. SCOTT & BANNAN, 223 MontfomeatBUSINESS CHANCES. I
$750— FIRST-CLASS butcher shop Invest parti'
Western Addition, splendid fl_tufn; large ,
refrigerator; horse and wagon; most desir- i
able class cash trade; establish 80 years; [
full Investigation Invited; satisfactory reason I
given for selling;; a grand opportunity; don't
miss it. M. LESS. 7«S Market st. j
BUSINESS men are invited to examine into an i
old-established manufacturing concern in :
fine cabinet-making line and fitting out of all 1
kinds Mores, saloons, offices, restaurants, I
etc., plant complete and will easily Invoice '
over $2000; is offered for sale for less than |
Invoice value: technical knowledge not re- 1
quired; any one of ordinary business ability 1
can manage the concern; satisfactory reasons '
for selling. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
BREWERY MEN, ATTENTION! 3 ~~~
$12,000 — Brewery: part cash: best proposition
ever made in this line; best locality. in the
State: running full capacity; plant complete
and in first-class order: water power free: j
engines in bottling works and '.very; re:;
pale for all products; more. than full value '
In sight: elegant brick 'and frame buildings. .
M. LESS. 7C5 Market st.
$250— RESTAURANT ; good location; has steady,
paying class of trade; very low rent: has
everything first class in dining-room and
kitchen: worth your while seeing. M. LESS,
765 Market st. j
$600 — COFFEE saloon and chophouse, north of I
Market st. : old and well-established place; '
fine trade: finely fitted up; rent reasonable;
easily clears $130 per month; trial. M. LESS,
_j65 Market st.
$375— DELICACY and dairy produce store; well
located; south of Market Ft.; extra large
stock on hand; doing splendid business: 4
nice living rooms; rent only $15. M. LESS, I
7C5 Market st.
CORNER grocery and bar; most choice j
location In the Western Addition; large stock; j
big bar trade; an A! offer; worth looking ;
into: satisfactory reasons for sale. M. LESS,
765 Market st.
$150— CORNER grocery and bar: best proposi-
tion ever made in this line; 3 living rooms;
old-established place; must be sold to-day.
owner leaves Monday. M. LESS, 785 Market. !
A— sSso; corner grocery and bar. with 4 living j
rooms, In Mission: horse and wagon; doing
a* good-paying business: no opposition within '
a block: low rent. Call WILKE. 753 Market. ;
STATIONERY, news agency and cigars:
Western Addition: clearing JSO monthry; 3
living rooms: good genuine Investment. In- 1
quire WILKE. 783 Market st. j
DRUG store, established many years, in very i
choicest location, having the highest repute- :
tion and a large patronage In prescriptions
and general drug business: important other
. engagements compel owner to sell. \VILK_, .
„ : m Market st.
$1650— OLD-ESTABLISHED corner grocery and
bar: choicest location In Western Addition: !
rent $46; average monthly receipts about j
$1500; ail fresh stock: owner to leave for j
Klondike. WILKE, 783 Market st. j
NOTICE— ARMSTRONG & CO.. 865U Market'
St., will sell your business quick for cash.
$550— CANDY and ice cream store: best loca-
tion; clears $100 month. See ARMSTRONG _ ■
CO., v .-._. Market st. ; office to let. j
$250— PARTNER in light indoor cash business;
well established: $S5 month to each. APil-
STRONG, B65Vi Market st.
$SCO— CORNER liquor store; best location; sac-
riftced account departure: sure bargain: make i
offer. ARMSTRONG & CO.. SCoVi Market st. :
$1200— WOOD, coal, fe«?d store: good bargain.
$700— Saloon, best location in rity.
— Cor. grocery and bar; Western Addition, j
$350— Coal oil route: well established.
$125 — Bakery and delicacy store; a bargain; j
and other pood bargains nt
ANDERSON & WINN'S. 777 Market st.
MEAT market. 2 horses nnd wagons: worth ■
$1200: large trade; price $450. DECKER, 10.)
Market st. :
FINE furnished saloon: new fixtures; cash
register: a good-paytrg Investment; business
established: cheap nt: owner going Into ;
other business; investigate. 11l Fifth eL, i
corner Minna.
WANTED — Tpnant who understands running
mechanics' hotel; location where large num- j
ber of men are employed; company will con- i
struct building to suit. Box 799, Call office, j
$250— BRANCH bakery, ■ candy, lee cream and
notion store; fine location; neatly fitted up.
. GEO. W. H. PATTERSON & CO., 1709 Mar-
ket St.. Real Estate and Insurance Brokers. '
PHYSICIAN in a mining camp will dispose of J
his practice to a regular for price of office
furniture. Address box 799, Call office. ;
FOR SALE or rent— Blacksmith's tools and'
stock: shop to lease: good business; going to ,
(Klondike. 2S San Pablo aye.. Oakland.
PARTNER — Restaurant: Bplendid bargain; '
cook preferred; inquire at once. Box 797. Call.
24-RCOM lodging-house; fine transient; sacri- 1
ficed; cash: sickness. Box SO4, Call office.
WANTED — To buy. good will of country sa- j
loon; state price; no agents. Box 792. Call. \
GOOD paying restaurant for sale or exchange.'!
Inquire Model Lodgings, 737 Mission st.
MILK ran. for sale. Address box; J., Six- '
teenth and Mission sts.
j_?225 — BARP.ER shop, 5 chairs: part cash, bal-
(ft ance monthly. Inquire 52 Eighth st.
FINE fruit-store- must be sold; owner Is go- 1
Ing north. 409 Geary st.
GRAND opportunity for the right man as a !
partner, with $2000 to $4000, to i ike control of ;
very "table business: strictest investiga-
tlon solicited; particulars given on personal ,
interview; part coin can remain If so re- I
quired; no agents. Box 748. Call Office. '
— $C 00; saloon and restaurant: opposite depot: '
terminus 2 car lines: doing rushing business; I
living and club rooms; rent $40; best busi- j
ness opening In market. Inquire WIE-
S LAND'S BREWERY.
NEAT and clean delicacy and bakery: fine I
business: good stock cooked meats, " butter, '
eggs, etc.: cheap rent; will sell cheap for ,
I cash. MRS. W. F. S.. box 704. Call office. ;
$0000— OOOn-PAYING wholesale liquor and <-l- !
gar business In best interior town of this ;
State: party must leave. Address box 701. :
Call office. j
BARBER shop, 2 ch-irs, for sale at Watson- '
vflle; doing good business. Apply R. P. i
QUINN. Watßonvllle. Cal.
$000 WILL buy a one-half interest In one j
prra .vel and two gold quartz claims. Ad-
dress box 785, Call Office.
SODA WORKS route: horses, wagon: rent j
$15; 4 living-rooms; no agents. 210 Connect- I
icut st.
LADY or gentleman partner In an established
matrimrnial agency. Address box 709. Call. !
MISSION, 1151-Branch bakery, candy and no-
tion store. $100; 4 rooms' and kitchen.
$20— ORE to Jet, cor. Oak and Franklin; sult-
able for any business. 15 Grant aye.
CORNER saloon: good location; cheap rent;
owner sick. Inquire 253 Third st.
RESTAURANT for sale. 213 O'Farrell st.
$100 WILL buy a tine drinking saloon, with
stock and fixtures. Inquire 637 Clay st.
FOR sale— Restaurant: cheap; good location*
cheap rent. 13"»_ Grant aye.. basemr^it.
WANTED— Partner with $300 cash: good but.
ness: must be willing to go to Denver, Colo ; '
Investigate. R. BENJAMIN, m Ellis, city.'
OOOD-paying restaurant for sale: best loca-
' 9 tlon In the city; investigation allowed. 2424
1 -'.en In the city; Investigation allowed. 2424
. Mission st.
MAN for partner: $100 capital; good-paying
• business. 1015 Market, rm. 17, second floor. j
FOR sale— Grocery with bar and 2 furnished
living rooms; cheap. Apply this office. I
FOR Delicacy store, with 2 furnished :
rooms, on account of sickness. 153 Seventh, |
WELL paying saloon, first-class location. 506
Clay Bt.
FOR SALE— Whole or part small coffee saloon; j
cheap. Apply 48 Third st. j
PARTNER In 'dyeing and cleaning business; j
must be a dyer. 529 Folsom st.
PAYING bar: good opportunity at sacrifice;
near Baldwin: make offer. 1016 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS bakery, I horses and 2 wagons: !
good outside trade. Inquire at Call office.
BTTCHTFR shop for sale. Address box 729.
Call office. uii.^
PHOTOGRAPH gallery: fine location: good j
business: 4 years' lease; bargain for cash.
841 Mission st.
PATENTS/ '.
SMITH & OSBORN. Regisfd Patent Agents:
establlthed 1862. 319 Pine st.. city.
MONEY loaned on watfthe*. diamonds. Jew-
elry: low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
PORTLAND n-enry this paper Inquire this '
office or nt IS3 Third nt . Portland. Or»*r.n. j
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from OEO.'
W. CARWKLL & CO. -p. 415 Sacramento st.
ALAICA ENTERPRISES.
WANTED— 2O men with $500 »*aoh to go to Alas-
ka for the Alaska Transportation, Trading
and Mining C 0... room 20 snd 21, Chronicle
building a »;afe investment: V ■
WANT 25 men who will rro to a favorite point
in Alaska. E. E. BUNCE, i*w* ( d\vay
Oakland. Cal.
KOR !:a!e. rf-hcap— 2 larpi» <logi=. suitable for
Alaska mines. HERMAN'S, 26 St uart Bt. j
■JfEW pass^nirer and frel-bt v«wael Jor Kale
y. quick. SOS Broadway, Oak-land, Cal.
PARTIES vi ; ith $500 or more to build .teamerJ
nnd dredger for Alaska. ': ,x 47, Val!r>Jo, Cal. j
2 HARDY young Scotchman, holding good ,„,.
Ritt'cne In English vessel, would like to go to
Klondike if they oo'.ild meet p<>rfon with cap-
ital willing to bacflc them. Vox 756. Call office. '
HOUSES TO LET.
BROADWAY. 1512, near Polk— 2-story house,
■ 6 rooms and bath. ;:.-■--•
MODERN residence,' Just completed; 12 rooms I
and bath; Eddy st., near Van Ness ■ aye. I
MADISON & BURKE.
FILBERT. 1225— House of 7 rooms; large gar-
den; rent $15.
SEVEN rooms; bath: large cellar; in perfect,
order. 135 Harriet _t., bet. Folsom and Har-
I rison.
LAGUNA, 2810. near Union— House of (I rooms ;
! and bath. ' ' |
WHY pay rent? Why not build? You can do
• so. If yon have mortgaged and wish to pay
It off easily you cari'eet best terms of Amer-
lean Investors' Co., 11 Montgomery at.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HO WELL. 10 Montgomery^ \
; BUTTER. 717. near Taylor— office and resi-
dence: 8 rooms; very choice: investigate.
WEBSTER, 1321. near O'Farrell— Sunny, con-
venient house, 6 rooms, bath; only $25. ■
FURNISHED HOPSES. _-
I CHATTANi M M »A, 1 i —Nt w corner cottage of 5 j
I furnished rooms. r_-.l*i "•• - '
COTTAGES TO LI.T.
FELL, 627— Nice sunny cottage of 4 rooms,
with stable and yard; cheap.
PRECITA aye., 101— Cottage of 3 rooms;
rent %'. ]
COTTAGES. 6 and E rooms, cheap: In good re- j
palr. Apply 171 Collins st.. near Masonic aye.
I ,
: FLATS FURNISHED.
HOMES fitted out at half regular price at the
big sale of the Michigan furniture and car-
pets at PATTOSIEN'S, Sixteenth and Mis- ;
', plon Bte.
; FLATS TO LET.
i 4 AND 6-room flats: some with gardens; sun-
ny: attractive view; on Twelfth st. and
I Glen Park aye.: $12. $13. $14. $18 ands23.so.
; DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye, off Twelfth
street. !
SUNNY bay-window flat of 7 rooms and bath.
NE. cor. of Dolores and Fifteenth
I FULTON, lIS— Finp middle flat. 7 rooms, bath;
near City Hall; $2S.^
$150 '.BUYS, nicest furnished sunny flat In city:
one-half cash: no trlfiers. 402*,. Geary st.
: GOLDEN GATE. S33 — New upper sunny mod-
ern flat; 6 rooms and bath.
; HAIOHT and Kaker— Sunny corner 5 and 6- j
room flats: good view; nice neighborhood. !
i BUNNY corner flat of five rooms; northeast
; corner of Haight and Flllmore sis. :
! HARRISON St., 729%. between Third and
Fourth— Flat with 5 rooms and bath.
I a— 6o NICE flats and cottages, under $10.
A— 3PO nice flats, cottages and houses. $10 up.
• 20 new flats at SPECK _ CO.'S. 602 Market.
■ jio— NEAT sunny flat. 3 rooms. 1 McCormac
! st . off Pacific. i
i ATT. OVER TOWN
You pee flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 1C Montgomery st.
■ NATOMA. 714— Flat of 4 rooms; large yard;
cellar: sun all day; $10.
! OAK, M— sunny furnished rooms; housekeep-
I ing If desired.
i $22— f.-ROOM upper flat. 315 O'Farrell St., near
; Mason. Apply 15 Grant aye.
I SACRAMENTO, 3i"47. corner Spruee — New. sun-
ny flat of five rooms; bath, yard and cellar.
: SUNNY corner modern new flat, 6 rooms and
bath. 204 Scott St., cor. Haight.-
SIX sunny rooms; yard; $15: «unnv 4-room cot-
i tage $11. SH Second st.. near Brannan.
1 THIRTEENTH, 515, off Market— slo; 4 nice
I rooms.
I MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry: low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BUSH, 252fi — 2 sunny front rooms, furnished for
I light housekeeping; adults only.
! CENTRAL AYE.. 419. between Hayes and
, Fell, near Golden Gate Park — Three rooms
j for housekeeping; every convenience.
i 11 ROOMS. 2 bath*, laundry, yard. etc.. $35.
! DEMPSTER. 36 Glen Park aye., off mh st.
'. ELEVBNTH 10C— Branch"offlce of The Call;
subscriptions and want ads taken.
j ELEVENTH, 120— Two nicely furnished front
rooms for housekeeping; bay window.
j FIFTH, Clean furnished housekeeping, 3,
$13; one double, $8; single, $5.
I FILBERT. 718—2 Or 8 furnished housekeeping
j rooms; sunny; front: grate; bath; private.
FRANKLIN. 21— Sunny bay-window house-
keeping rooms; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE, 404— Sunny suite of parlors
complete for housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE. 620— Sunny parlor floor $25;
1 also other rooms.
! HOWARD. 504— Nicely furnished housekeeping
I room, with gns and bath: cheap.
I HOWARD, 7C2— Furnished room for house-
keeping; single* 73c and $1 per week.
I HOWARD. R3l Parlor floor, four large rooms:
1 • unfurnished $25: complete for housekeeping
! $30: walking distance: see this without delay.
! LEAVENWORTH. 204—4 or I sunny rooms,
unfurnished, cheap; call for 5 days.
} MCALLISTER. 2000 — Cheat) housekeeping;
I rooms; also single furnished or unfurnished.
I MINNA. 111>_— Front furnished bay-window
j housekeeping suite- cheap.
MISSION. Clean sunny suites; housekeep-
ing; •]■> an.' !:12.
MISSION, 1514 — 2 large sunny rooms; private
: .' .in ••■ ••,•! !}■-.■>> y; adults preferred.
NAVOMA, 577 — Suite of housekeeping rooms,
rent $"< per month.
NEW MONTGOMERY. 105— Cheap, clean fur-
nlshed housekeeping and single rooms.
NOE, 151— Two or three furnished front rooms;
coal range, bath, yard; $11.
POLK, — Nicely furnished back parlor com-
plete for light housekeeping: gas stove, bath
and running water; $10 per month. Including
gas.
SCOTT, 113 — 2 large connecting rooms and al-
cove, party furnished: bath, water, etc.
SIXTH. USA Nicely furnished rooms; also
housekeeping.
STANLEY Place. 19-$lO. 6 nice sunny rooms.
including bnth: also $7 50. 4 good rooms.
STOCKTON, 1703—2 nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; yard; $10.
WEBSTER, 711— Large sunny parlors, fur-
nished or unfurnished; rent cheap.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
! . . .. LI
ROOMS TO LET.
ASH aye.. 88 — Large sunny front parlor; every
convenience; also small room. •
BROADWAY. 416— Furnished rooms to let.
i BUSH, 701%, near Powell— Nice sunny front
i room; rent reasonable.
LEXINGTON, 212 Eddy-Large sunny front
I suites; also single; for gentlemen.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st.
near Market: furnished and unfurnished. "
FULTON, I (Fulton House)— Nicely furnished
rooms: single or en suite; $8 and $15 up.
FIFTH. 107- Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms I
to let. - I
i GEARY, Sunny furnished rooms for rents;
$6 and $7. 
GEARY. ClS— Elegant sunny homefcM rooms,
complete; also double, single; reasonable.
GEARY. COS— Newly furnished sunny modern
rooms; pleasant neighborhood; terms reason-
able.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 213-Furnlshed front
. bay-window room; also hall and Bide rooms;
$4 up.
HOWARD. 715. ST. DAVID' rooms;
eultes; single; sunny reading-room; 25c up.
HOWARD, 821— The Globe; single, suites; read- !
Ing-room; 25c per night.
HOWARD, 1059U— Double and single rooms
also housekeeping. *
JONES. 517— One small nicely furnished room
. $5 per month; gentleman only.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Koarny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and «ngie: first-class
in every respect: terms reasonable.
LARKIN, Newly furnished sunny front
rooms, near Pavilion, for Jubilee visitors.
LEAVENWORTH, 517— Sunny single furnished
room; suitable for gentleman.
MARKET-,. .<£o— Elegantly furnished suites and I
single rooms for Jubilee visitors.
MARKET. 1032— (New management) : fine, clean
rooms.- $1 to $2 SO per week; transient, 25c up.
DELAWARE. 1151 Furnished or un- '
furnished sunny rooms, single or suites;
terms reasonable.
MARKET. 1926— (The Hawthorne)— Furnished,
I rntshed; pingle rrns... suites; Jubilee vis.
I MARTHA Place. 6. south, off Geary, above
Mason— Large sunny room for 1 or 2; rent !
reasonable. '
MINNA, 72.-i74. between Eighth and Ninth—
1 nice rooms, front, bis yard, JS.
THE SA_\ FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 29, 1898.
ROOMS TO LET- Continued.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission; select family
rooming house: $1 CO to $6 per week.
POLK. 609— Large sunny furnished room for
gentleman: all conveniences; $8.
POST. • 2406— Lady can get nicely furnished
room In private home: very reasonable: use
of kitchen or board If desired.
POWELL. KO— Nice suite of rooms or single
rooms: rent cheap; also transient.
POWELL. 203— (The Montello)— Sunny suites
and single rooms; reasonable: transient.
POWELL .233— New house newly furnished;
suits and single; also office rooms.
POWELL. US, near Sutter— Sunny front room.
CENTRAL House, hi Second— Bay window
room, with stove. $2 co week; single rooms, fl
GRAND ROUTiTeRN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single: elevator; moderate rates: families.
SEVENTH. 12*>_— Nicely furnished. sunny
rooms from $6 up.
SEVENTH. 142-Furnished suites and single
rooms at lowest rates. MRS. PRAHL. prop.
BUTTER, 715-719. and 609 Hyde— Furnished arid
unfurnished: choice for offices: reasonable.
STOCKTON, 17. European-Elegant rooms;
suite or single; day. week or month: baths;
hot and cold water: transient; elevator.
THE STANFORD, 320H Suiter- single
rooms for Jubilee visitors. 50c to $1 50 day.
TAYLOR. 804— Front sunny suite, elegantly
furnished: gas and bath: pretty neighbor-
hood: 1 gentleman $15, 2 $18; references re-
quired.
! 600 BUSINESS cards printed $1: tS visiting
cards. Be HILL. 724 V. Market Ft.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry: low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
I Cl 5 LARKlN— Branch office of The GUI; sub-
scriptions and want ads taken,
BOARDING AND ROOMS
EDDY. 220— Sunny front single and double
rooms: first-class board. $3 50.
FELL. 24— Sunny furnished rooms: board op-
tional; parlor for 2 with board. $35.
FOLSOM. 811— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per week: nice location.
j HOTEL SALISBURY: beautiful grounds: ta-
ble unsurpassed. 299 Hyde. cor. Eddy.
BUTTER. 1021— Elegant sunny parlor suite:
hot and cold water; for physician, family.
etc.; board or not.
TURK. Nice rooms and board in private
family: bath, grate, excellent table: cars pass
the door: terms $20 up.
VAN NESS aye., MB- Newly furnished sunny
rooms: ~r>od hoard- terms moderate.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
ELDERLY lady wishes 2 children to board:
kind care; terms easy. 23S Seventh st., rear
house.
STORES TO LET.
FRONT-ST. store to let— 2oS~Front"st7~Just
north of Calif.. 2 floors and cellar, with
elevator. Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO., Real
Estate Agents. US Market Ft.
$20— STORE to let: corner Oak and Franklin;
■ suitable for any business.. 15 Grant aye.
; BLACKSMITH: lnree shop; 2 flres; fine loca-
tion; Jl5. 1223 Fell st.
' $26— FURNISHED large fireproof store; center
of business. St. Helena: long lease. Address
lock box 13. St Helena. Cal.
OFFICES TO LET.
218 SANSOMF. st . now occupied by W. Loatia
& Co. APTTTON. 411 Montgomery st.
FACTORIES TO LET.
MISSION. '"•• opposite WeUs-Fara- new
building — Second floor: power available for
j straw works, paper box, shirt factories. *;tc.
3sj STAPLES TO LET.
j STABLE of 6 stalls, single or as a whole, to
responsible private party. 329 Eddy st.
1 _ = = —=—=—=?— f—= ==?=========____—=_
' EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
; Ing, telegraphy, languages. English branch-
es; electrical, civil mining engineering, sur-
veying, assaying, etc : 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since lSi'2: catalogue..
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St. :
Individual Instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING school; civil, electrical, mln-
Ing, mech.. survey, assay, archit. : day *• eve.:
est. UM. VAN PFR NAILLEN. 933 Market
BOOKKEEPING and rnnld calculations: a
course In Tarr's countlnir room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 855 Market st. .■ . .*.■;
VOICE culture, piano Paris graduate: French.
Bpantrh: new clarscs: $2 mo. 103 Taylor st.
; MRS. FRIEDBERO. volet culture; We ■ les-
son. 014 O'FarreH st.
FLUTE, mandolin. gu<t*r lessons; club $1
monthly. PROF GASTALDI. 710 Lombard.
', BOOKKKEPING. arithmetic, writing, gram -
. i mar: day. night: $5 mo. 1504 Market, op. Bth.
INDIVIDUAL Instruction, shorthand and type-
writing: terms reasonable. 1015 A Post st.
! SAN FRANCISCO Business College. ■'"16 Mar-
; ket St.: 124 positions in '96: 103 In % 97.
LUDLUM School of Elocution and Dramatic
; Art. 918 Sutter Ft.
FTSK teachers* agencies In 11 cities: teachers
wanted now. 420 Parrott building.
CHEAPFST and best In America— The Weekly
Call Pent to any address In the United
Rtat«S or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free . :-: •.,-■> ;
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities, no matter
what cause; Instant -relief for travelers; a
cure effected nt once: saf<» and sure at any
time: private home In confinement; best care
and attention: ladles In trouble or suffering ,
from any complaint peculiar to their sex
should consult the reliable specialist of long
and successful practice before going eJso-
where; every case guarantee 1: consultation
free: office hours, 10 to 5. DR. and MRS.
KOHL. 1118 Market st.
A PROCESS that Is perfectly harmless: never
falls In any case of monthly sickness, no
matter what cause: no electricity humbug
or other dangerous methods: money In every
case refunded If a cure Is not effected;
travelers helped Immediately: years' exp»rl-
ence: home In confinement with sanitarian
conveniences. Consult free the only reliable
physicians. DR. AND MRS. DAVIDS. 14 Mc-
Allister st., next Hlbernla bank; hours, 9
a. m. to " and 7 to 8 p. m.
ALL monthly Irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once: safe
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid: Instant relief for travelers; tumo rs re-
moved by electricity; home In confinement:
best <-vr>' and privacy: for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going elue-.
where: regulating pills and capsules. $1.
MRS. DR. WYETIT. 918 Post st . n*ar Larkln. '
ALL of Dr Fouiet's capsules are guaranteed
atrolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure: no danger or after ef-
fects: taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 60 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on ail
special diseases free. WALLER PROS.. 83
Grant aye . S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chcslng elsewhere, write us.
A PROCESS that never falls to restore every
case of monthly slcknesß from whatever
cause In few hours when medicines and others
hay» fallwi: no instruments used: mnnv
yrars' experience: every case guaranteed; ad-
vice free: terms reasonable; flmt-rlnsa nrl-
. vate home for confinement. MR3. DR.
DALEY. 1126 Market St.. over Owl Drugstore.
; SURE cure, wh?n others fail: no medicine or
instruments; every woman her own physl-
<-lan for all female troubles, no matter from
whit isili*" restore In 1 day: never fails: con-
sultation freo; .an b- sent and used nt home.
PR. POPPER. 318 K«-rny Orders by tole.
A I-OON to wlv»<« snd mothers— P"?'iro; prl<-»
$1 EO. RICHARDS & CO.. 4f>« nay St. : - t.l
?c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. Rfl X st.; Sacramento. Cal.
DRS. GOODWIN., diseases of —omen; ladles:
safe, quick cure triarnnt'^d: »ny ailment:
maternity home: beet care; skill only: low
fees: Dr. Schuck's self-cure. $5. 401 Van Ness.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
fetnr. ■• tr i . res: no danger: safe, cor- 1 J? Us;
e-rr^B* c O. p. ; don't delay until no lute.
OSGOOD BROS . Coast Agen's. Oakland. Cal.
STERILITY cured by Mrs. Dr. Battler, eradu-
ate midwife, 1709 Powell St.: tel. Red 2C41.
: DR. HALL, 14 McAllister St., near Jones—
Diseases of women and children.
I LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: Infallible safe reme-
dies; 3S years experience. 254% Fourth st.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St.. Alarr,.
DPS. K. A K. cur» chronic, nervous, blood.
•■k'n or private disease. 8 Mnson St., S. F.
fiir. LARKIN ST.— Brnnrh offlcn of The Call.
Sub«cr!pfl<-ns »nd wnnt nd* token.
ATTORNEYS AT LAV.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.,
■ ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. m Market st.
PEIISONALS.
MANUSCRIPTS' type-written, authors' manu-
scripts corrected, punctuated and type-writ-
ten at reasonable rates. 20 Bond st., or 1149
Market at.
NEW method massage, electric treatment;
heated room. MRS. JOHNSTON. 514',j Geary.
PRACTICAL hypnotism and suggestive thera-
peutics taught; diseases and habits cured.
402^ Geary st. - - -
PHRENOLOGICAL examinations, instruction
in phrenology .'id human magnetism. 406%
O'Farrell st.
I KNOW from long experience what style
ploiiM-H the best; hairdressic*. 2. .c; good
switches. $1; fine't, best quality, $3 50; extra
heavy, long, $5: Monday open all day. except
from 11 to 2. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
ICOO CARDS, $1PO;1(*O bill heads. $1 90: 1000
statements, $1 CO: 1000 letter heads. $2 50: 1000
envelopes $1 90: printed first class: crders of
$6 sent free. BROWN & BLEY CO.. print-
ers and photo-engravers. 19 to 27 Stevenson.
PR CONPORT*S
Klondike condensed food capsules. Price.
100 capsules $10. 1000 capsules $90. Address
.... DR. V. CON DORY.
■ 959 Howard st.
PROF. J GREVEN will Introduce three more
talent to the public in their own concert at
Y. M C. A. Hall, on January 26. IS9S. Miss
M. De Chent. dramatic soprano; Miss I.
Brown, mezzo soprano, and MR. M. AL- '
BERT. high lyric tenor.
BIG outdoor Btere. | tic n show every night cor-
ner Market and Sixth sts.: artistic advertise-
ments In living light, promoters of business.
Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
I Hou»e, 44 Third Ft., nr. Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 M per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MISS ANDERSON, graduate. Swedish nurse;
! baths genuine massage; Swedish movement;
ladies, gents. 90« Market St.. room 25, 2d floor.
ADVICE free: divorce laws specialty: pilv»f;
no fee without success: collections. O. W.
HOWE. att-at-!aw. r .o Market, cor Stockton.
BADGES.' photo, and badge buttons, ins.de In
Pan TVnnolsco at Eastern prices. WALTER
K. RRTTNT. MS Plai at.. S. F.
SUIT to order on easy Installments. L.
I.KMOS. 1117 Mark.-; Ft., bet. 7th and Bth.
QUINONIA hair tonic; a preparation unsur-
paas#d: SSe. G. LEDERER. 111 Stockton st.
$14— Suit to order: samples; try one. NEU-
HAUS A CO.. nil.— 115 Kcirny st.
CLOAKS and tail'r-mcde suits retailed at
vrhnlpsale figure*. 20 Snnsome st.
SUPERFLUOUS hairs removed by electml?sl*.
DUKSSMAKERS.
MME^GOLDSTETN— Elegant, stylish <Sre«se«.
f". up: BiTWiiip rrn over * Fdriv at., rm *8.
CLAIRVOYAHTS.
ARRIVED! \HUlVi:i.' ARRIVED!
TRANCE MEDIUM AND CLAIRVOYANT.
DR. REEDE.
HE TELLS -Y-T-H-T-N-O.
He gives full names, dates, facts and fig-
ures. Dr. Reede wishes It distinctly under-
stood that he will accept no fee unless you
find him
SUPERIOR TO ANY MEDIUM or Clair-
voyant in San Francisco. When In doubt or
trouble of any kind see this gifted man. and
be will set you right. II" has helped others.
He will help you. He doesn't want your
money if he enn't bpnoflt you.
Private parlors, 236 Sutter St., near Kear-
ny; room 1.
Off] hours from 9 a. m. to 6 p. m. Sun-
days, to 2 p. m.
MRS. DR. f7 CLARK, the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium: while en-
tranced she will reveal every hidden mystery
In life: fhe will show you how to overcome
your enemies, remove family troubles, restore
lost affections: unites the separated, recov-
ers lost, 'stolen or buried property; locates
treasures, minerals: tells your entire life,
past, pres"nt an.l future, while in a perfect
trance. Hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. : perfect
satisfaction guaranteed by mail. Send stamp
f r circular with special terms MRS. DR. V.
CLARK, rrr*. 23 * 26. 12f>« Market, opp. 6th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant cntd-
reader. born double veil and second sight:
diagnosis disease: full life rpading; la s*Tc;
gen-- $1: palm. & clalrv.: sit. $150,126 Turk.
Time! LE NORMANDE: clairvoyant, card-
reader, rr.nKnetle treatment; hours 10 to 4.
491 L*avenwi rtl st.
MME. MOREAU. tPFt medium, clairvoyant,
card-reader: -'•• ur>. 73 Fourth St.. upstairs.
MISS~LOLA~M.~STEVFNS7 card-reading and
magnetic treatment 225 Mason, Mttte 1-!.
DR. ALICE FAY. medium and genuine mag-
netic healer. 1"- Seventh St.. second floor.
MMF. MABEL HALLToanI reader, has located
at 1104 Mission st., room V). . . - t:
RAY FAIR Card reader: magnetic healing a
specialty. 213 Post St., room 2.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and
water reader. 921*4 Mission St.. opp. Mint.
! MME. HANSEN. palmist, card-writer: past,
present and future; 2".c. ts Sixth, room 5.
MME. LINDEN, card reader and magnetlst.
has returned: charms. 126 Fourth Ft., room 13.
MME ZINEI LA. the business medium and
astrologer. Room 12. 109 Grant aye.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium:
Fittings dally. 1234; Sixth St.. room 14.
MRP. PR. ANNA THOMAP-Flr«t In her pro-
feaaton; never falls: advice: help. 929 Post.
MME. BODAN, Scotch seenss. curd-reader and
ralmist. Kl9 Eddy. 9 to « p. M.
MTSS EDNA V GRANT, mind reader and
palmist. 131 Taylor St.. room 3.
MMF. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice: noTies «-|ven* ye -in ? Fourth at.
- SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. FAIRBANKS, clairvoyant: dr. Tups.
and Frl. eve.; 10c: readings dally; 23 and
SO eta. 108 Sixth st.
MRS FULTON'S materialism* seance to-
night. "ic: sittings dally. 31 Fell Ft.
MRS MANDENA. median and palmist: read-
ings Xc this week: satisfaction gar'td. 26 6th.
A. M. FRANCIS, independent slate-writer: de-
veloping circle Wednesday eve. 118 Halght st.
MRS. MAYO STEERS, i:_ Oak: circles
Tups. 8 p.m.. Thura. 2 p.m.: 25c: readings $1.
MRS. HOSKINS. spiritual medium: circle
Tuea.. 1 p. m.. 25c: readings. $1. 214 Franklin
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ANY person having use for a piano need not
do without when good Instruments can be
.-.in ha.-. (1 from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3. $4, $:,. $6, $7, $&, j.^
$10: handsome scarf and wood seat stool In-
cluded ;no charge for cartage. Purcahse your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Stelnway without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN, CLAY * CO.. Stelnway
Dealers, cor. Kc.arny and Sutter sts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and lanrest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S
26, 28 and 30 d'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy: prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
BEFORE buying a piano It will pay you to
consult Da Why? Because we buy only In
carload lots, pay cash for everything and
give the purchaser the advantage gained
thereby. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 to 20
O'Farrell St.. Curtaz block.
CONOVER. slightly used. $350.
Ftelnway, slightly used. $275.
Chickering. second hand. $190.
Large stork, lowest prices, rent. Installments
The F. W. SPENCER CO.. 933 Market st.
PIANOS nt cut prices; Improve th-« opportu-
nity: agency famous H«'nes= Bros.. Hush ft
Gerta and Bollemnan. WM. c HAMILTON.
BUOceaeor to A. L. Bancroft & Co.. 321 Post!
AT GARDNER A GLASSELL'S. 20$ Post St.
you will find a large . and varied stock of
pianos: ■ price, and terms as reasonable as
any house In the city. #
DECKER A SON planoa are always satisfac-
tory. OH low price* from Mauvais Music
Co.. 769 M.irket st.
BOH M ft Co.. Byron Mauzy. Newby, Evans
Briers and other pianos: se» our rent plan'
no Interest first year. 303. 310. Sl2 Post.
ADMINISTRATOR'S vale— sell pianos at
Immense re^nrtion for rash or on lrs'ail-
menta. EATON ESTATE. 73T. Market st
SAr ,I IIF^A r rP ~ -? ant nwurht piano; must
soil. J3O Kenrny St.. room 26.
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine. 126 ETlls.
BARGAIN— Nice upright cheap. SCHMITZ 16
McAllister Ft., near Hibe- n i Bank.
HORNUNG'S new style pianos: most perfect,
brilliant, powerful tone, tin Post St.
KTNGPBURV (1*97 imflet) Is the pl ano you
want. J. HARRY SCOTT. m Hayes st.
SUPFRIOR violins, zithers, old and new H
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place!
KNABE iMano*: new • scale; new styles
KOHLER ft CHASE. 30 O'FarreTl st.
CHEAPEST and beat In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any. address In th» United
Ptntee or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free. " ' 
. - SEWING MACHINES. ~
$5 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold-
machine suppllee.'l4s Sixth St.; phone Mint 45.'
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented'
repairing; lowest rates. 233 Fourth st.
CITY HEAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE
■ FOR SALE BY
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
4 MONTGOMERY STREET.
First St.; fine investment: corner: large lot
and improvements; near Market st. : $37,500.
Rents $175: under leases $22,500; Washington
st.: downtown investment; brick building and
large lot; two fronts.
$15,000: Ellis St.. bet. Taylor and Jones; 27:6 x
137:6. and fine 2-story; can be remodeled and
will pay good interest.
Pine st near Taylor; 43x137:6 and well-built
3-Ftory; 13 rooms and modern; fine for board-
Ing or residence.
Pacific Heights; Broadway lot; north side,
near Devisadero; elegant marine view; 40x137:6;
$6^oo.
Elegant new Pacific Heights residence; just
finished: view cannot be surpassed or shut out:
lot 40x137:6; $16,000.
Southwest cor. California and Lyon sts.- 30x
100; $3000, or larger lot; fine corner and cheap.
California-st. lots, near Lyon: 25x100; JIS7S;
or any size front at same rate; very cheap'
I street accepted.
Lots 25x100, $1375; west side Lyon St., bet.
California and -Pine; lots 25x122:6, $1500, or any
size front at same rate.
Elegant marine view; Vallejo-st. lots: north
side, bet. Webster and FlHmore; 30x137:6. $3750.
or any size front: near Fillmore-st. cars; Pa-
clfic-ave. and Unlon-st. cars 2 blocks oft.
Northwest corner .Pine and Lyon sts. ; 25x100,
$1850; cheap.
Lots north side Pine St., 25x100. $1250 each;
very cheap; near Lyon.
$2600: rents $33; Midway st., near Bay St..
bet. Pupont and Stockton: front and rear
houses and stable for 3 horses.
$1850; cottage and lot; 2 fronts; 25xi:C; Her-
mann St., bet. Fillmore and Steiner.
Vallejo st., near Van Ness aye.; 25:3x127:8;
only $2750; street accepted,
Courtland-ave. corner, 75x70; near Misslon-st.
and electric cars; $1400.
FOR SALE— On Lyons St., bet. McAllister and
1 Golden Gate aye.; new 7-room cottages, beau-
tifully frescoed, with bath and laundry.
STOP paying rent. Begin the new year right.
Remember the difference between paying
rent and owning your own home is worthy of
a great struggle.
Two cottages of 7 rooms, bath, large pantry,
plenty of closet room, sink tiled, fine high
basement, all floored, brick foundation, cement
Fide and garden walks, stylish front, all mod-
ern Improvements up to date: must be seen to
be appreciated; $"000: terms to suit purchaser.
Apply on premises, corner Portland aye. and
Mission St.. to J. M. COMERFORD. from 1 to
I 8:30 p. m.; take Misslonst. cars to Portland ay.
$650 WILL build 4-room cottage complete:
will call GEO. M. SALSBURY. builder. 521
X st . Pur.set District.
4-RM. cottage and lot. $1500: 1 block from Mls-
sion cars: $lfi monthly. BABTN. 413 Kearny.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at i".> per cent on real estate: 2d
& M mortgages, estates, undivided Interests.
real estate in probate, life Insurance, goods In
warehouse, furniture and pianos without re-
moval: mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alnnieda. at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth:
tej. South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 9« Market St.: tel Green 204.
WE loan on real estate at R and «H per cent:
also on second mortgages: life Insurance and
real estate In probate: any sum Manhattan
Loan Co.. r. 10 (ground floor). Mills building.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: no
commission; lowest Interest: part payments
received: money quick and confidential. 1170
- Market st . room 68.
$1,000 fwi to loan on diamonds: low Interest; i
perfect secrecy: private entrance: gentle- !
manly assistants." Uncle Harris. 1." Grant nv.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth st.. upstairs: str'rt'.v private: low
rates: tel. Red 1121: established IM.
ON furniture, pianos: city or Oakland: no re-
moval: low rates: no commission: 125 up:
private party. BONELI-T. 4*l Oeary st.
ON furniture, pianos: no ccmroiaalon? low
rates; private. SCRIBNER. 7 City Hall Pn,.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortmres. estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. K<>« California st.
$.*(> TO $.V).00O; lowest rates: Ist «r>d 2d mortar.:
any proposition Dryden. 413 Montgomery.
CITY and country: any «mm- i«t and Id mort-
gagea. estates, etc. MURPHY. «'*! MM st.
On pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest
rate*: no com.: private. 116 McAllister st.
10 SIXTH— reliable place t(j borrow
money: diamonds and Jewelry.
33<» HATFN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
<stih«:»>rlntloTiß and ads taken.
FINANCIAL.
J. BOAS. S3O Montgomery . st.— Loans on life
insurance policies and buys bank books.
LOANS on r*!\\ estnte. bond", etc.: lowes*
"rates' MfAFF.E BROS . in< MonfV.^merv nt.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2.1 hand machinery! Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 137 Eeale Ft.
TEN GALLON KEG AT CAR LOAD PRICE.
Choice Bourbon whisky, S3 proof, $16 M; M.--
P.ray r whisky. 100 proof. 5 years old. $22:
Al Jamnela rum. $16 *?<: extra quality port,
sherry, angelica, muscatel or Rhine wine. 2
years old, $6 '■": 4 years. $7 30; real 6 year.
$* 30: genuine grape brandy. 100 proof. 3 year.
$22: .'. year. $24 SO; Zinfandel claret, $4 35:
Burgundy claret. $." 25: no charge for cooper-
age or drayage: it pays to buy for cash.
Standard Liquor Co., 628 Market Ft., P. F.
FOR sale or exchange; 320 acres of land In
Michigan for lodging-house or other prop-
erty. Address or call 602 Buchanan st.
11-STONE diamond horseshoe pin; price $40;
worth $70. UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant aye.
2 LARGE 'logs. trained for hauling, for
Alaska. Call O. C. THORKLL. Sixth aye..
between T and J sts.. South San Francisco.
I GOOD for Klondike: big. young, strong dog
for sale; cheap. 612% Minna st.
SAFES— New and second hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Fac.. 633 Sacramento.
COOO ORANGE boxes (in snooks^ r.CO plokle
kejra; 100 cash boxes. Aftpty E. A. BUSH-
ELL, 1255 Broadway. Oakland. -
ST. BERNARD dog. 115 -pounds, good for
Klondike. 6T.S Third St.. Oakland.
! ENGINE, boiler, dynamo. motor, belts and
pump. H. P. WHITE, 616 Mission st.
SEVERAL well bred Japanese pug dogs for
sale. Call at 449 Bryant. st. . .
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. . 1122-36 Mission st.
THOROUGHBRED young St. Bernard dog for
Alaska. Fifth and Delaware . sts.. West
Berkeley. ' -
MOO PAIR shoe last?: also dealer In second-
hand tools, machinery, etc. : mall orders
promptly attended to. 64*! Mission st.
OLD buildings bought and removed at short
notice. Apply O'd Bay District Track build-
ings or 62*>A Ellis. J. B. FRENCH.
GAS Ftovpa for heating, one-half price; 1 and
2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. P23 Golden Gate aye.
SOME new and second-hand Sterling wheels;
bargains. NICHOLS & CO.. 404 Battery st.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sixes*: half original cost. 10»-lll Market. S. F.
GRAPIIOPHONFS. $10: Records, $" per doz.:
Projfftoscope. $100. Baclgnlupl. P33-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hsnd-truck. letter-press,
desk and cafe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture. store and
office furniture and fixtures: new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, Bm-Mla-Htl-Ml
Mission tt.. above Sixth.
BARS, showcases, counters. shelving, etc.,
bought «nd sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
FOR SALE— Cheap: second-hand fireproof safe,
at 41 Main st. -. ■
SECOND-HAND dynamos, gasoline and steam
e.nirlncs. bo'lers. n»i'«vs. sha'tintr. laundry
machinery, etc SMTTH CO.. 327 Ml^lon st.
LEGAL NOTICES.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from O. M. Henry, in the Murphy
diggings, near Volcano, Amador County., to
deposit tailings In Rancheria Creek: from
George A. Gritton. in the Clapboard Gulch-
mine, near Volcano. Ama<l' r County, to de-
posit tailings In Putter Creek: from Frank J.
Goyan. in the Cox mine, near Placervllle, El
Dorado County, to deposit tailings in a ra-
vine; from J. M. . Longnecker. in the Hull
placer mine, near Genesee, Plumas County,
to deposit tailings In a ravine, and from E.
Becker : and Robert Mooney, -in the Home-
stake mine, near Amailor City, Amador
County, to deposit tailings in Rancherla
Creek, gives notice that a meeting will be
he-Id nt room B. Flood building. San Fran-
cisco, Col., on February 7, 1533. at 1:30 p. m.
COUNTRY .(EIL ESTATE.
14900— BEST bargain ever offered In Napa
County; 62* acres, part In vines and fruit;
2 houses, barn, etc., complete; on main coun- [
ty road: paid this year over $1000 cash. Call '
and investigate. ALDEN-OARFIELD CO i
902 Broadway. Oakland.
20« V) ACRES of coal land in one body for sale.
For particulars apply to NEIL MI'NRO, Russ
House, 141 Montgomery St.. S. F.. Cal.
ANY one wanting a small ranch, for grazing
purposes, or a moderate sized orchard, part- <
ly improved, payable on very easy terms, !
apply to room 703. Claus Spreckels building.
LITTLE homes close to town: Improved: easy !
terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces on. 8 and 10
years' credit. D. H. TWTNO. Sonoma City;
every Monday at 632 Market St.. S. F.
BOOK and ll«t of cheap land free. M. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. Cat.
OAKLAND AD\TiTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLANTJ REAL ESTATE.
WHY not look Into this If you desire a rare
homesltr? Large lots for *200 upward; $10
cash and any yum you can afford to pay )
monthly: build your own home or we will
build It for you:-Galindo Tract. East Oak-
land; the soil and climate Is superb: all lev*!,
with grand view: city water and sewer: fine
public school and electric cars: streets all ;
graded and macadamised; nice homos sur-
roundirg and building up rapidly: call or
send for cirr-nlnr. 4r.94 r .9 Ninth st., bet. Broad-
way and Washington st . Oakland; carriage
free. H. 7.. JONES. Owner. _^ ;
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
ALAIIEDV REAL. ESTATE.
BARGAINS IN ALAMEDA HOMES.
FINE two-story house on Broadway: lot BOx
140; price $2400. Neat, two-story house on
Buena Vista aye.: lot P0xl50: price $1400.
I Five-room cottage on Buena Vista aye.: lot
60x102: price $1600. Large 9-room cottage with
; basement, on Taylor aye.; lot 50x140: price ;
J26. r O. <>
Two new D-room cottages on Taylor aye. : lot !
. 33x100: price $2000. New 6-room cottage on
i Santa Clara aye.: lot 35x110: price $2630.- For
; Investment— A fine corner, fronting 115 feet on
A business street, with 4 stores rented; will
sell for 17560: worth $14,000: half purchase
■price may remain on property. Several other |
. bargains. Call at 1503 Webster st.. Alameda,
iext t-> drugstore. A. R. DENKE Sr. I
. PHOPKRTY TO FXCMANGF.
CORNER. 10Oxl37:fi. 4 buildingsTTn~San
Jose, for city, Oakland or ranch prop-
erty $3,500
Berkeley property for ranch near Napa.. 3,500
40-acre ranch. Placer County, for city
property 5,500
100 other places, all prices. What have you
to offer? H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. !
opposite Fifth.
GOOD-RENTING Oakland property to ex-
chanee for ranches. EPSON & TURTON
1209 Broadway. Oakland. •
LOST. '
WILL the person who took by mistake silver-
handled parasol from California Theater last
Saturday afternoon kindly return same to
room 33. eighth floor. Mills building, and re-
ceive reward?
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Socletv of San Francisco, In the
name of NICHOLAS PANDELIDES; No.
212.134. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of HERBERT W. HARBOURNE. No.
207.526. The finder will please return to bank.
$5 REWARD— Shepherd dog; F. L. Hansen en-
graved on plate. Return 41 Belvedere st.
NEAR Van Ness aye. and McAllister st.
lady's gold watch; gold fob; $10 reward. 647 ,
McAllister st.
BRING old trold and silver to me and get cash '
for It. -UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
PHYSICIANS. "
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence^ l
1206 Market: diseases of women a specialty.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. ,
BORN.
HART— In this city, January 2S. IS9S, to the i
wife of Michael A. Hart, a son.
JEIDE— In this city. January 27. 1898, to the
wife of Conrad Je<de. a daughter.
MARRIED.
O'BRIEN— In this city. December 31.
18!>7. by the Rev. Mr. Boulton. Edwin L. Ross
of Merced and Marie E. O'Brien of San Fran- i
cosco.
_— __ __
DIED.
Bartch, Frank MacLennan. Donald
Colbert. Michael Miller. Nellie M.
. Culverwell, Joseph Miller, Caroline
Crawhall. John O'Brien, Charles
Cordti>, Jacob Pohlker, John H.
Doane, Lucy J. Ranken. Francis I.
Fitzgerald, William Rlley, Bridget
Faure, Mrs. S. Rodgers. Fernando S
Gallagher, ThomfLS Roger, Dorothy
Homillns. Alfred Shallo, Rev. M. G.
Hranuelll, Mrs. Julia x Stephanl, William G. :
Johnson, Harriet M. Sutherland, Mrs. Ann
Kennedy. Mary TletJen, Heinrlch
Lankenau. Henry Thompson. Viola C. |
Lausten. Laust C. yon Soosten, Claus
Little, James Wagner, Frank C.
McDonnell. Mary . Willett, Mrs. Anna
Macdonald, Kate Wllcox, George
Moran, Thomas C. Zinns. Johanna
BARTCH— In the City and County Hospital.
. January- 28, IS9S, Frank Bartch, a native of <
Switzerland, aged 43 years.
COLBERT— In this city. January 28. IS9B. Mich-
ael Colbert, a native of Queenstown, Ireland, ;
aged 73 years and 5 months.
CThe funeral will take place to-morrow i
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 729 Gough street. Interment private. !
CULVERWELL— In this city, January 27, 1888,
Joseph, beloved husband of Emma C. Cul- I
verwell, and father of Joseph. S. E.. George, j
Mortimer and Sidney Culverwell, a native of
Washington, aged 59 years 10 months and 7
days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow .
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Alcazar
building, O'Farrell street, under the aus-
pices of Yerba Buena Lodge No. 17S8, K. of I
H. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
CRAWHALL— In this city, January 28. 189 S.
John, beloved husband of Margaret Craw- I
hall, a native of Durham, England, aged 64
years 8 months and 3 days. (English papers :
please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Laurel Hall. !
Shiels building, S2 O'Farrell street. Funeral i
under the auspices of Yerba Buena Lodge
No. 14. A. O. U. W. Interment Cypress •
Lawn Cemetery. '
' CORDTS— In this city. January 27. ISPS, Jacob
Cordts, a native of Germany, aged 41 years.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect- ;
fully Invite! to attend the funeral to-morrow ;
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Riggers' and
Stevedores' Association's Hall. 166 Montgom-
• cry street, near Jackson. Remains now at
parlors of Valente, Marlnl & Co., 1524 Stock-
ton street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery- ,
DOANE— In this city, January 28. 1898. Lucy - I
Jane, widow of the late General Charles j
Doane, and beloved mother of Mrs. F. A. !
Harnden- and the Rev. Frederick A. Doane, I
aged 70 years 10 months and 23 days.
FITZGERALD— will be an anniversary '
requiem high mass for the repose of the soul |
of the late William Fitzgerald at St. Joseph's i
Church. Tenth street, Monday, January 31,
at 9 o'clock. Friends are invited to attend. !
,FA THE— In this city. January 28, 1898, at her i
residence, 1002 Union street. Mrs. S. Faure,
relict of . Dr. V. Faure. beloved mother of |
A. F. V. and H. E. Faure, and ' grandmother '
of Mrs. H. W. Clark. Victor C. Turrel and !
Mrs. A. F. Clifford
(E7"lnterment at Sonoma to-morrow (Sun-
day), on arrival of morning train.
GALLAGHER— In this city, January 28, 18<m». !
Thomas E., beloved son of Thomas and Mary
H. Gallagher, and brother of Lew D., Frank, i
Will, Harry, Mary. Charles, Grace, Hattie. I
Kate and Byron Gallagher, I a native of Gold !
Hill, Nov., aged 21 years 10 months and 12
days.
'ri»-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), nt 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2523 Pine street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church, where a requiem mass will b«-
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
men. ing at 11:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
HOMILIUS— In this city. January 28. ISSB. Al-
fred, dearly beloved son of Ernst and Marie
HomlliUS, and brother of Ernst and Alma
Homillus, a native of San Francisco, aged L
3 years 6 months and 12 days. ■:
HRANUELLI— In Postire. D*almatia. Brazza,
Austria, January 4, 1898, Mrs. Julia Hranu- ;
elll. mother of Mrs. Svainaz Smith and Jerry
1 and Valerio HranuelH of San' Francisco, aged
7i years. (Los Angeles papers please copy.)
JOHNSON— In this city. January 27. 1881 Har-
riet M. Johnson, a native of New York aged I
65 years. (Rochester - and Buffalo papers
pleas.- copy.) .......
ty Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains :
at the parlors of Carew & English, 41 Van :
• Ness avenue, near Market street.
KENNEDY— In Stockton. Cal., January 27
■ 1866, Mary Kennedy, a native of San Fran- '
. Cisco, aged 23 years. V
LANKENAU— At Bay View. South San Fran- I
cisco, January IS, 1816, Henry, dearly beloved ;
husband of Mary Lankenau, dearly beloved
father of Mrs. George. Schenck and John
• Henry, Dick, Carrie, Charles. George, Millie
and Henrietta Lankenau, grandfather of
Iren 1 ? Schenck, and brother St John Lanke- ,
nau, Mrs. M. Starken and Mr*. Gerstenberg. '
, a native of Achim. Hanover, Germany, aged ,
61 years and ; 1 month. (New York papers '
please copy.)
tCFriendn and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. Thirty-fifth avenue and L street
south, -thence to Masonic .Hall, corner of
Fourteenth and Railroad avenues south,
where services will bo held under the aus-
pices of Bay Vl«w Ledge No. 159, A. O. U.
W., commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment I.
j O. O. F. Cemetery.
LAI sten— ln Oakland, January 27. 189S, Laust "
C. beloved husband of Hannah M. Laust»n.
and father of H. P., P. 8., B. P.. H. M. and
'". M. i.au: ten. a native of Denmark, aged
61 years 5 months and 4 days. A member of
Dani.-h Society. I >ania of Oakland.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from h'.s late resi-
dence, 1727 Myrtle street, near Tw/iny-
fourth. Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
LITTLE— In this city, January 27, IS9S, James,
beloved husband of Thankful Little, and
father of Leonard Little, a native of Ire-
land, aged 62 years 9 months and 24 days.
IT? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from Cambrian Hall,
1133 Mission street. Comrades of Liberty
Post No. 133 and other posts, also ladies of'
Seven Pine« Circle No. 3, Ladles of the G.
A. R., are invited to attend. .Interment Na-
tional Cemetery.
I MCDONNELL— An anniversary requiem high
mass will . be celebrated for the repose of
the. soul of the late Mary McDonnell, be-
loved wife of John McDonnell, at St. Fran-
cis Church, Mission Dolores, this day (Sat-
urday), at 9 o'clock. Friends and acquain-
tances are respectfully invited to attend.
MACDONALD— In this city. January 27. IS9S.
of pneumonia, Kate Macdonald, a native of
Albany, N. Y. (Albany, N. 1., papers please
copy.)
lE? Private funeral services will be held
at 1 o'clock this day (Saturday), at her
late residence, 3746 Twentieth street.
Ma.-LENNAN— In this city, January 2S, ISOS,
Donald, beloved husband of Sibyl MacLen-
nan, anil father of Mrs. John MacNelll. Dr.
J. D., Dr. Donald. R. N. and James Mac-
Lennan, Mrs. Robert and Mrs. D. R. Camp-
bell, a native of Rosshlre, Scotland, aged 91
•years 6 months and 15 days.
C7"Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 1
o'clock, from his late residence, c.l's Minne-
sota street, near Solano. Interment Ancient
Order of Foresters' section, Mount Olivet
Cemetery. -
MORAN— the City and County Hospital.
January 27. IS9S. Thomas Charles Moran. a
native of Louisiana, aged 48 years. :
! MILLER— In this city, January 28. IS9S, Caro-
line Miller, beloved mother of Mrs. S. M.
Weinshenk and Mrs. Sophie M. Blum, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 64 years 1 month and
13 vs.
iT^Friends and acquaintances ars respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1305 Larkin street. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend strets.
MILLER— In Oakland, January 28, 1898, Nel-
lie May, beloved daughter of Thomas and
May B. Miller, and Bister of Myra and Ethel
Miller, a native of Stockton^ Ca., aged 20
yean 4 months and 23 days.
O'BRIEN— In this city, January 25. IS9S.
Charles O'Brien, a native of Ireland, aged 45
years.
IC?"Remalns at the funeral parlors of Mb-
; .Avoy & Gallagher, 20 Fifth street.
i POHLKER— In this city, January 27. 1898, John
H., beloved husband of Minnie Pohlker, and
father of Louise Pohlker. a native of West-
phalia. Germany, aged 7ti years 2 months and
11 days. A member, of Pohonachee Tribe No.
10. Imp. O. R. M.
m? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence.- corner Howard and Twenty-sixth
streets. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
RANKEN— In this city. January 28. 1898, Fran-
cis 1., husband of Minnie Ranken. son of
Mrs. B. and the late Herman Ranken, and
brother of Augustus,. Charles, Stanislaus and
Agnes Ranken. a native of San Francisco,
aged 2." years and 1 month.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother. 612 Eddy street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedial. where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Qenaetery.
RILEY— In this city, January 28, 1898, at her
residence. 1120% Folsom street, Bridget, be-
loved wife of Thomas Riley, a native of the
parish of Kell. County Cavan, Ireland.
ICyNotice of funeral hereafter.
RODGERS— In this city, January 28, IS9S, Fer-
nando S.. husband Of Annie L. Rodgers. and
father of Mrs. F. K. Tobln and Belle Rodg-
ers, a native of Guaymas, aged 48 years 2
months and 28 days.
lE7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 722 Powell street. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery. |
l REGER— In this city. January 28, 1898. Dor-
othy, beloved daughter of Parry A. and
Marry E. Reger, a native of Philadelphia,
aged 8 years.
; SHALLO— In Santa Clara College, January 27.
IS9B. the Rev. Michael G. Shallo, S. J., aged
I 44 years.
[E3"Funeral this day (Saturday), from St.
Claire's Church, Santa Clara, at 10:30 o'clock.
STEPHANI— In this city," William G., son of
Mr. and Mrs. Peter Stephani, and brother of
Valentine. Antone and Louisa Stephani,
Augusta Rodgers, Mrs. Joseph Imwall and
Mrs. Charles Riverman of Santa Rosa, aged
24 years and 5 months.
(CrFriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), st I o'clock, from the late-
| residence, 122 1 Nee street, thence to St. Boni-
face Church. Golden Gate avenue, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of the soul. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
I SUTHERLAND— In this city. January 28. 1868,
Mrs. Ann E. Sutherland, beloved mother of
Mrs. Thomas H. Hurlick, a native of Brook-
lyn, N. V.. aged 73 years.
[C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 724 »A Turk street.
THOMPSON— In this city. January 26, 1898. at
her residence, corner Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets. Viola C beloved wife of the late
Gideon Thompson, a native of Indiana.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, .from" her late
residence, corner Eighteenth . and Guerrero
■ streets, under the auspices of the Eastern
Star, also at 2:30 o'clock from St. John's
Episcopal Church, Fifteenth street, near Va-
lencia. Interment Masonic Cemetery-
: ORDER EASTERN STAR— Members of Golden
Gate Chapter No. 1 will attend the funeral
of our late sister. Viola C. Thompson, this
day (Saturday), 'from her late residence, cor-
ner Eighteenth and Guerrero streets, at 1.
o'clock. By order of the W. M.
M. A. HAWLEY. Sec.
TIETJEN— this city, January 27. ISSS. Hein-
rich Tictjen, beloved brother of Dick Tiet-
jen, a native of Hanover, Germany, aged 59
years 8 months and 16 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances and members
of the society of "Old Friends" are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), nt - o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzlcr. 636 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
YON SOOSTEN— In this city, January 27. ISDB,
(laiis. dearly beloved husband of Anna yon
S-iosten, and father of Louis and Clans yon
Soosten, Mrs. W. Springer. Mrs. .W. Beck-
stedt. Mrs. J. C. Bars;, Mrs. D. Ahrens and
Mrs. H. Schultz, a native of Kohlen. Han-
over, Germany, aged 73 years 2 months and
7 days. . •
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 168 Nba street, near Twenty-third.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WAGNER— In this city. January 28, 189S,
Frank C, dearly beloved husband of Rosle
E. .Wagner, father of Frank, Adolph. Law-
rence, Hilda and Herbert Wagner, and
brother of Louis Wagner, a native of Han-
over, Germany, aged 49 years and 27 days.
A member of Verein Eintracht, San Fran-
cisco Turn Verein and Eureka Lodge No.
1756. K. of H. ■ :
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday),' at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1935 Howard street, thence to San
Francisco Turn Verein Hall. 323 Turk street,
where funeral services will be held. . com-
mencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
i A. O. V. W.— To the officers and members of
Bay View Lodge No. 159, a. o. v. W. : You
j are hereby notified to assemble at your lodge-
■ room. Masonic Hall, corner Fourteenth and
Railroad avenues south, to-morrow (Sunday),
at 1 o'clock, for the purpose of attending the
funeral of cur late brother, Henry Lanke-
nau. By order of the Master Workman.
E. E. MEALY. Recorder.
WILLETT— In Chicago, 111.. January 25, ISM,
Mrs. Anna L. Willett. wife of Norman Wil-
lett of Decorah, lowa, and daughter of F.
and Mrs. A. E. Helmke of California, aged
31 years, less 3 days.
WILCOX— the City and County Hospital.
January 28, 1898, George Wllcox, a native of
England, aged 57 years. '■'/-'''
K. of H.— Members of Yerba Buena Lodge No.
1786, . Knights < f Honor, will assemble in
lodgcroom, Alcazar but t dinar. to-morrow (Sun-
day), at 2 o'clock, to attend the funeral of our
late . brother, Joseph K. Culverwell. Inter-
j, ment Masonic Cemetery.
A. M. MACPHERSON, Dictator.
R. H. NOBLE, Reporter.
ZINNS— In . this city. January 27. IS9B, at her
residence. 1132 Fell ' street, Johanna, beloved
wife of • Christian Zlnns. a native of Baar-
lulb, .Fxancve. (Buffalo, N. V.. papers please
copy.)
tCXThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock', from Sacred Heart
. Church. Interment private. •. . .-
1 I""™" 1 l & ll GALLAGHER, J;LU IJILa [r
FUNERAL DIRECTORS i. EMBALMER3 I
20 FIFTH ST.. Opp. Lincoln School. |
Telephone, South SO. ■ "
i ■ —
Eetab. 1858 - Tel. South ' 47.
CRAIG &COCH RAN CO.
Funeral Directors and EZmbnlmers, ".■
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
I Lad)- assistants, spacious chapel for the use
' of our patrons. Rubber, tires on our ambulance.
1314
OAKLAND WATER
COMPANIES JOIN HANDS
Bitter Fight Which Has Raged for Years Suddenly Ended and
the Corporations Pool Issues to Get a
Raise in Rates.
ONLY ASK FOR A "SLIGHT READJUSTMENT."
IN an interview published in The
Call on the Bth inst.. President Din
gee of the Oakland Water Company
said that the two companies which
supply Oakland with water had reach
ed an agreement to end the war and
charge full rates allowed by the ordi
nance of the city.
This mild termination to the bitter
fight which has been waged between
the Centra Costa Water Company and
the Oakland Water Company for the
past three years naturally had a suspi
cious appearance, and led to much
speculation on tin 1 part of the citizens
of tho city across the bay regarding
the outcome of this new alliance.
Among those who were afraid that
this truce boded ill for the people was
W. J. Abernathy. who concluded that it
might be well to take advantage of
the prevailing rate and forestall any
posible raise by paying for a year in
advance. Much to his surprise, howev
er, when he tendered his money to the
Contra Costa Water Company it was
declined, and the official refused to ac
cept pay for more than one month.
When Mr. Abernathy wondered at this
disinclination of the corporation to use
his money for a year and pressed the
mattor upon tho official he was told
that there would be an adjustment of
rates, and until that was accomplished
the company would take pay for no
more than <me month.
President Dfngee of the Oakland "Wa
ter Company was seen yesterday re
garding the rumors which have been
current that there would be an attempt
on the part of the two companies to
have the Council raise the r:<tes dur
ing the coming month. He was also
asked whether the present truce be
tween the companies meant a possible
consolidation.
President Dingee has an affable smile
and a politic manner, and when he
turns them both loose upon an Inquisi
tive visitor he of an inquiring frame of
mind may rest assured that while he
has been courteously treated by Oak
land Water Company's president he
has gained nn information on the lines
of his research. Both the affable smile
and politic manner -were in evidence
yesterday, and beyond the fact that the
companies would ask the Council for
"a little readjustment of rates" nothing
was elicited regarding v the plans and
A HEMP FACTORY
FOR THIS CITY
Manufacturers Take Hold of
an Important Coast
Industry.
Some of the Capital Is Already
Raised — Importers'
League.
Two Important matters were considered I
at the meeting of the directors of the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Aasocla- |
tion on Thursday. One was the question ]
whether or not the body should continue i
Its support of the Manufacturers' and
Importers' League, and the other related i
to the establishment of a factory for the
manufacture of crude hemp. It will be
remembered that the association was the
father of the league mentioned. It, by
offering free transportation to the mer
chants in the country, induced many to
come to this city and make their winter
and spring purchases. This aroused the
antagonism of many of the manufac
NEW TO-DAY.
FACES
Pimples, blotches, blackheads, red, rough, oily,
mothy skin, Itchtng. scaly scalp, dry, thin, and
falling hair, 'and baby blemishes prevented by
Ccticura Soap, the most effective skin purify-
ing and beautifying soap in the world, as well as
purest and sweetest for toilet, bath, and nursery.
(peura
It noli throughout th» world. Pnrr*« D. * 0. Co%r.. Bol»
Props., Boitou. CTT" •■ How to lW«titlfj the Skin." fr»e.
BLOOD HUMORS ci'™gba u 'kemkdi&s.
Intentions of the two companies.
In fact, there was a suspicious Igno
rance in both offices as to the future
moves of the companies.
But while there is a disinclination to
talk business on the part of water
company officials, such disinclination
does not reach the people, and the fear
is growing that there is a deep laid plot
on the part of the two erstwhile war
ring corporations to form an alliance
which will at least be offensive if not
defensive. It is also generally believed
that this offensive alliance means that
the people will have to suffer by having
a return to the rates which prevailed
before the non-partisan Council took
hold of things three years ago and cut
the rates almost in half.
Just how this is to be accomplished
is what is puzzling the people bf Oak
land now, and the mystery which
hedges about the actions of the com-
panics but increases the belief that
something Is hatching which has for
its object the benefit of tho water com
panies at the expense of the people.
The State law is rather obscure re
garding water rates, and it is this ob
scurity that led to the condition which
prevailed when the non-partisan Coun
cil went into office and cut the rates.
According to the law. it is incumbent
upon the City Council tn fix the water
rates in February of each year, mak
ing such rates as will give a fair in
come upon the value of the plant.
It is this question of value of the
plant which is expected to cut a big
figure in the coming effort to have the
rates "readjusted." Old time Councils
were complaisant and accepted the fig
ures of the Contra Costa Water Com
pany as being the true value of the
plant of that company, but when the
non-partisan Council started in on th«
question, it decided that it might be
well to investigate values a little, and
the result was that instead of being
valued at a little above $6,000,000, It wan
cut down to the more modest sum of
$2,124,659 52, and then, to make all pos
sible allowance for mistakes, the sum
of $300,000 was added, making a total
valuation of $2, 424,659 52 as being full
and ample for the entire plant of the
company. With this valuation the
rates were so fixed that the company
could obtain an income of 5 per cent of
turers of Stockton, Sacramento. Los An
prlfs and other large cities on the coast.
Secretary Mead, A. Sbarboro an others
took the position that the association was
not formed for the purpose of favoring
any one locality, but to protect and fost«r
the industries of the whole State. The
fate of the league was finally left to a
committee consisting of L. R. Mead, T).
Everett and A. Sbarboro to report next
Thursday.
The erection of a factory for the manu
facture of hemp promises to be an im
portant feature in the debates of the as
sociation. President Kerr gave an out
line of what may some day be one of the
largest Industries of the coast, the culti
vation of hemp. He said that many ex
periments have demonstrated that the
finest hemp in the world has been raised
in this State. The raw article from Kern
Tulare and Butte counties has been sent
to the East and Europe, where it was
pronounced to have no equal. I^nst year
400 acres were planted in hemp near Grid
ley which yielded 2i/\< pounds to the acre.
This was sold on tne ground to a New
York firm for 5Vi cents. The cost of pro
duction was only $20 per acre, so the
profit to the producer was great. Mr.
Kerr said that in many places the hemp
grows to a height of twenty feet and
near Gridley the crop grew fifteen feet in
ninety days. There is, he says, no plant
west- of the Rocky Mountains for the
manufacture of this fiber, yet over 800 000
pounds are used In the manufactured
form of twine, netting, etc., by the people
of the State. A company has already been
formed for the erection of a plant, and
srmc of the capital is raised. A small
plant, giving employment to about forty
people, would not cost over $75,000, and
lie said that the association should give
I this venture its support. The matter was
I referred to a committee to be appointed
| later.
Asthma and Bronchitis pure Guaranteed. Dr.
Gordlns Sanitarium. 5U Pine. nr. Kearny. SF.,CaI.
Must Keep to Specifications.
The report of Shea & Shea, architects
for the Hall of Justice, was submitted to
the Municipal Buildings Committee of the
Board of Supervisors yesterday, and af
ter a number of property-owners had
been heard in support of their petition
that the structure be taken out of the
hands of the contractors and placed in
the hands of the architects it was decided
to recommend that Batemen Bros, be
held to the letter of the specifications.
The board will not interfere with the
matter to any further extent, but will al
low the contractors a reasonable time to
finish their work.
May Stop Pool-Selling.
The pool-selling order Introduced in the
Board of Supervisors by Supervisor Riv
ers was recommended for passage to
print by the Health and Police Commit
tee yesterday. If this ordinance is finally
adopted by the board, the selling of pools
on horse races and athletic contests of
all kinds will be entirely stopped within
the City and County of San Francisco.
Ten cents for a bottle of Low's Hore
hound Cough Syrup. 417 Sansome st, *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANTJART 29, 1898.
this amount, this being deemed a Just
and equitable income on the invest
ment.
But the Oakland Water Company
made its appearance about this time,
and k was discovered that the Contra
Costa Water Company could soil wat«r
at a lower rate than that fixed by the
Council, for a cut was made, and for
the past three years the people of Oak
land have profited by the effort to drive
a rival from the field.
That this was a ruinous war there is
no doubt, and, while the officials of the
company will not admit that the com
pany was losing money, innocent own
ers of Contra Costa Water Company
stock have suffered in that they have
received no dividends for the past two
years. This Is notably the case with
the Old Ladles' Home at Temes^al.
which holds a block of the Contra Cos
ta Water Works' stock, the income of
which helped to maintain that institu
tion until the unfortunate war began,
and since then there has been a deficit
in the treasury of the home because
there have been no returns in the way
of dividends from its stock.
There are several elements of danger
to the people of Oakland in the situa
tion to-day. The Contra Costa Water
Company affirms that Its plant has a
valuation of $6,059,962 29. The Oakland
Water Company affirms that its plant
has a valuation of a few dollars less
than $6,000,000.
These valuations are reached by that
peculiar process of figuring known to
corporations which are compelled to
comply with laws, and unless the City
Council is careful and painstaking
thope figures may be accepted as the
basis ifpon which to fix the rates. Un
til the Xon-Partisan Council took its
seat these figures of the Contra Costa
Company were accepted, and the result
was that with 15 per cent less popula
tion than at present the people of Oak
land gave that company an annual in
come of $407,926. But when the new
Council Investigated matters it found
that the valuation was rather high,
and the result was that in three years
these exorbitant figures were reduced
until the combined income of both com
panies for the year 1897 amounted to
but $242,338. a difference in favor of
the pecrple of $165,588.
There is a little history connected
MINERS HEAR
ABOUT DAMS
The Chief of Engineers Writes
That Things Will Be
Hustled.
Good Prospects for • Secretary of
Minea Reported to the Min
ers' Association.
After long and weary waiting on the
part of the California miners, the Federal
Government has at last been officially
heard from concerning those restraining
dams that are not being built, and for
which Congress and the State have each
appropriated $250,000. besides other appro
priations for river improvements.
Communications from General John M.
Wilson, Chief of Engineers at Washing
ton, relating thereto were made public
on Friday at a meeting of the executive
! committee of the California Miners' As
| soclation in the rooms of the Union
League Club.
The Chief of Engineers reviews the
Congressional legislation, mentions the
preliminary report on the improvement of
the Lower Sacramento River, made five
weeks ago by the Federal engineers here,
and says:
"A report for the Upper Sacramento
and Feather rivers will be submitted at
the earliest day possible." He observes
that this State has appropriated $300,000
for river improvement, that he knows of
no law connecting Government agents
with its expenditure, and that a report
on plans submitted by the Commissioner
of Public Works of California will soon
be made.
As to dams, it is declared that the Cali
fornia Debris Commissioners are pushing
surveys and researches as rapidly as con
sistent with thorough investigation, etc.,
and the communtcatiQn winds up as fol
lows:
The magnitude of the work will be fully
appreciated by those who have been familiar
with these troublesome and conflicting ques
tions for so many years. It appears that the
work upon which the California Debris Com
mission Is engaged cannot l«e materially ad
vanced by an Increase of force, nor can a de
finite date be fixed for the presentation of
plans for Impounding dams nn headquarters
of the Sacramento and Feather rivers. The
chief of engineers will Impress upon the Debris
Commission the importance of advancing the
work assigned to them by law as rapidly as is
consistent with lta importance.
The matter was referred to the com
mittee on dams, of which A. Camlnetti is
chairman.
Tirey L. Ford made an encouraging re
port on the prospect of getting a depart
ment of mines and mining at this ses
with the present ordinance which was
• i last year that may throw some
light on th^> future. When the retiring
Council followed th« usual custom
and prepared Ita ordlnunce fixing th»»
water rat^s the measun was passed to
print, and then two days before the ex
piration of the Council's term Presi
dent Mott culled a special meeting to
pass th>> ordinance. It was announced
by the clerk that the ordinance had
net been printed the stated number
of times as required by law, and an
investigation showed that the column
advertisement had actually been left
out of the Tribune several times, thus
vitiating the ordinance and throwing
it ovt-r to the new Council.
President Ifott Raw the danger and
made such a vigorous attack upon the
scheme that if any were Intended it
was not pressed and the new Council
pa— fd thf ordinance as prepared by
its predecessors. Whatever may have
been the intention at that time it was
frustrated by the timely action of
President Mott, but the fact remains
that the water companies, or some one
Interested In the matter, had things
s>> fxed that the new Council, which
is the one that will fix the rates next
month, could try its hand at rate fix
ing.
The water companies will file their
statements next Monday afternoon and
will make a showing of a combined
valuation approaching $12,000,000. The
city Council will fix the rates for the
ensuing year at the meetings during
the month of February. If the Coun
cil takes the valuation set by either
company as a basis the present rate
will be doubled. If there is a combina
tion of companies and the total rate
is used as a basis the rate will be
quadrupled. If the Council accepts
the result of the investigation of the
former Council, which showed that the
valuations set by the companies are
absurd, the rates will remain as at
present. But the danger is that the
combined arguments of the two com
panies will lead the members of the
Council to believe that the valuations
set by the former Council are too low
and the City Fathers will attempt "a
little readjustment of rates" that will
end to the satisfaction of the water
companies, but not to the benefit of
the people of Oakland.
sion of Congress and the committee was
authorized to expend $500 in promoting
the cause.
A committee was appointed to arrange
programmes for miners' day and other
special days at the fair, the committee
consisting of W. C. Ralston, J. J. Craw
ford. J. F. Parks. Mark P>. Kerr. T. T.
Lane. A. H. Tenbroek and Thomas Clark.
Much interest in the fair was shown
and on adjournment the committee w.-nt
In a body to be received by the Native
Daughters.
Go to O'Brien & Sons" for modern style,
high grade Surreys, Phaetons and Bug
gies at low prices. Corner Golden Gate
avenue and Polk street. •
Jewish Fo'K'ore.
Miss Ray Frank, when delivering: her
lecture at Mrs. Sloss' residence yester
day, spoke of the various theories con
cerning the origin and distribution of
myths, legends and tales, explaining the
difference between a myth and a legend.
Her remarks showed study, and were de
livered in the pleasing manner that
makes Miss Frank's lectures so popular.
She said that philology had thus far
done more than aught else to determine
the meaning and kinship of legends. The
phenomena of nature had undoubtedly
originally given rise to the myths and
legends of the people.
At St. Marys Church.
To-morrow the Feast of the Conversion
of St. Paul the Apostle will be solemnly
observed at Bt. Marys (Paulist) Church,
California street* Masses will be read at
6:30, 7:30 and 9 a. m. Solemn high mass,
Coram Episcopo, will be sung at 11 a.
m. His Grace the Most Rev. Archbishop
Rlordan will preach at the last mass. A
splendid musical programme has been
arranged. The choir will render Gou
nod's "Messe dv Sacre Coeur," with or
chestra and organ accompaniment.
Will Sit In Bank-
At a meeting of the Judges of the Su
perior Court, held a few days ago. it was
decided that all appeals from judgments
rendered by the Police Courts would In
future be heard by the three Criminal
Judges of the Superior Court sitting In
bank. In this way certains days can be
Mt aside for the hearing of the appeals
and the work of the higher courts will
not be seriously Interfered with. An opin
ion rendered by three Judges will also
be much more satisfactory than if ren
dered by one, and will undoubtedly save
the Supreme Court much work as ap
peals, it is thought, will seldom be" taken
from the judgment of the Superior Court
in bank.
Flgel Transfers Property.
Theodore Figel, who is accused of the
murder of Isaac Hoffman, is evidently In
need of funds to carry on his defense, for
a deed of his property on McAllister
stret to the Anglo-Californian Bank was
recorded yesterday.
NEW TO-DAY. __^^-^~~— -~*
j/rjzflc/^^'^'j// 0000000000000000 \v% v^Tpy j)/))| I)
jYfT?c!^§f// A Glove sale to-day! A Saturday snap to liven busi-^^Smr^^Jj/fl
M~0^k?lll ness. 500 pairs of Ladies' and Misses' Biarritz Kid yStf/y(<<xS
<l§§3ssf// Gloves, in perfect condition. Fine soft kid, Ladies' in \Jv>Y^§^
%S^j// sizes s"'5 "' 52. 6i ' 62, 7'7 ' 71, 7 " and Bln tans, browns and \\^^^|
((n7o£[\ blacks. Opera shades in sizes 5£ to 6i. Misses' in tans ulkl§l>N
(f\\\wlf and browns ' s » zes 51 to 61. The sale price is : \\l§F\\m
JB 59c Pair. SALE BEGINS AT l^sWl
U<}ll/\ -^Z^W I CIII • 8 A.M. TO-DAY. Ivr^si'
*^B A Sale of Children's Jackets. \\{W( {
////^Jy\ V American tots are the best dressed children in the world. The American mother takes I! l,|)/fC
V/7AZr/ I\\ * pride in her little ones. A Jacket, perhaps, for this snappy, chilly cold weather. We've // 'KlyVwV
/ //y/'xy^'jlW reduced them for to-day. Here's our list: " //#\v>^^Vs— 5v
(l/l//^^\\\ CHILD'S REEFER JACKETS— CHILD'S DOUBLE - BREASTED //fv^SvjC^
l/\{(l */&' %W natty little garment, neat as wax. JACKETS — Tans, blues, browns, i»| 51) //#^^\\ \\\V*
I ))(IVy7yi-%\\ navy, tan or red. large braid- OQr* reds, turn-down collar, 4-buttoned, *• //*£'*>' \\\l 11 IT
) \\\\, s/f/S' \s\ trimmed sailor collar, the $1 50 line; OOw perfect fit. warm as toast Each UijT^ ) / till
t/^^^^iJ///S^S. CHILD'S WTXTER JACKETS— Oreen A 'J^^^ /
II f/fS^Z^y//f V\ or tan > Empire or plain reefer effect. d>o'oo //M'X^ / :^^//
IHUCr^y^O/MW «"* • braid-trimmed, big sailor collar, a T^ m~Y* ////cV?f/^>/
//iVVI^VVV I^ S///\.V W*ii jaunty Jacket for little misses Each qT/^ //jQ~^X\SX7r^s'
lV^'NAVrj/i^\ *^-* CHILD'S MILITARY JACKETS— **-* /%^^Cs^\\\hls\ \K(
V\\vV>^V>Xv/ly/^\ Trimmed with military • braid, large /VWt/fK^ll ill V\l\lll\
\»l\!NV^Vv7/nm V\ sailor collar, silver buttons, a stylish * 000 • jywfjn \^SZ^J A \\\\\\\
-s^C^tT-^V^/) JVSr^v little affalr for fashionable little "TO /y^fJ/)J J^---^/\\
cyfal&^zrJ-.
937-945 Market Street,
BAY PIRATES
ROB A TUG
Steal Valuable Property
During the Absence of
the Crew.
James Dunn, an Old Man, At
tacked by Two Footpads
on Third Street.
*
Was Knocked Down and Severely
Beaten by His Assail
ants.
Two bold pirates boarded the tug
Water Witch yesterday morning while
the crew was asleep and got away with
a quantity of clothing and several ar
ticles of jewelry.
The heaviest loser was H. A. Rod
gers. the engineer. The pirate en
tered his room and breaking open his
trunk stole several suits of clothing,
two overcoats, several shirts and a
watch and chain which he prized very
highly.
Last night Rodgers visited police
headquarters and informed Chief Lees
of the occurrence. He gave a descrip
tion of the stolen property, and Detec
tives Bee and Harper Mere detailed to
find it.
During the past few weeks a number
of vessels have been visited by pirates
and a large amount of valuable prop
erty has been stolen. Owing to the
numerous complaints received from
ship owners of the dt-predations of pi
rates Chief Lees has specially detailed
two <>f his best nun to arrest them.
Detectives Gibson and Wren last
ev.-ning arrested two crooks who were
1 said to be clever pickpockets. Their
i names are Thomas Gaellng and Bar
! ney Goldstein. They were detected
working the crowd which attended the
review of the troops at the Presidio
i yesterday afternoon.
Goldstein, it is said, is one of the
cleverest pickpockets in the country.
He was caught in the act of picking
a woman's pocket, but before he could
secure her purse he saw the detective
and staged to run away. He was cap
i tured after a short chase, and after he
and his pal were handcuffed together
they were taken to the City Prison and
their names registered on the "small"
book.
James Dunn, who lives at 262 Natoma
street, claims he was attacked by two
men at Third and Folsom streets at an
early hour yesterday morning. One of
the men, he says, grabbed his watch
chain. He shouted for help, when his
assailants struck him several blows in
the face, knocking him down. They
then fled without making any further
attempt to rob him. Dunn was picked
up by a policeman and removed to the
Receiving Hospital, where a deep cut
over his right eye was dressed.
A young man named John Dugan
went into a grocery store on Third
street, near Folsom, last night, and,
drawing a policeman's club, ordered the
clerk to "shell out." Fearing that he
Intended to Injure him, the clerk sought
protection behind a sugar barrel. Du
| gan then opened the cash drawer, tak
ing the contents, amounting to 50 cents.
On leaving the store he was arrested
by Policemen Van Kuren and Kiley,
who had been summoned by a citizen
who witnessed the transaction.
At the City Prison Dugan was charg
ed with carrying a concealed weapon,
petty larceny and disturbing the peace.
The money which he took was founn In
his possession, and was booked as evi
dence against him. _
Laborers Win Their Wages.
The suit of Jeremiah and John J. Ma
honey contractors, against William Lange
Jr.. assignee of CVConnell & Lewis, in
solvent foundrymen. was decided by
Judge Slack on Thursday morning in favor
of the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs were
awarded a contract hy the defendants to
erect certain iron work in two buildings
on Powell street, and when the labor was
complete the contractors were unable to
get their money. An assignment of $1100
of the account against the foundrymen
was made to the laborers employed by
the contractors, and as the Uiborors were
so numerous the contractors prosecuted
the suit against the assignee of the foun
drymen for them. Judge Slack hold in
favor of the plaintiffs and gave judgment
The facsimile /rf //fr^g.'" is on every wrapper
•ignature of (Aa^/zM&i: of CASTOEIA.
against the defendants for $1100. which
he ordered divided among the laborers.
FOUGHT TO A DRAW
Mot Contest at the Excelsior
Athletic Club Last
Night.
Five hundred sports saw Pat Lynch and
Joe Kane, both members of the Excel
sior Athletic Club, try to settle a long
standing grudge at the rooms of the club
nt Eighth and Folsom streets last-even
ing. The contest was for six rounds and
was as clever and savage a battle as has
been fought in this city for many days.
Both men were in splendid condition.
Lynch being looked after by Joe Ken
nidy. Fred Maynard and Jim O'Leary,
and his opponent by Riliy Ungan. Charlie
Turner and Jack Hall. Joe Rca,y acted
as referee and Jimmy Kennedy, president
of the club, as master of ceremonies.
The fighting was fast and furious
throughout the six rounds. Lynch, who
weighed 150 pounds, boing the stronger anil
more aggressive, and Kane, who weighed
146 pounds, the cleverer.
Lynch's foul tactic* in striking Kane
hfinw the belt on several occasions
caused much excitement that threatened
for a time to stop the bout, but the ref
eree allowed the contest to proceed and
at the end of six furious rounds declared
the contest a draw.
A number of three-round bouts were
fought as follows: George Savage. Ex
celslor Club. vs. Fred Hlnkle. Imperial
<"lub; Jimmy Bozeman. San Francisco
Athletic Club. vs. Fred Maynard, Reliance
Athletic Club; Henry Smith and Joe
Kennedy, both of the Excelsior Club:
Tom Devine and Billy Hogan, also of the
San Francisco Athletic Club. In addi
tion to the boxing there was a pie-eating
contest, some vocal music and a slack
wire exhibition.
FOR THE NAVAL MILITIA.
The Sloop of War Marion Will Be
Turned Over to the State
on Sunday,
Th« United States ship Marion, which
has been by the Navy Department turned
over to the State of California for the use
of the naval militia at this port, will be
brought down from Mare Island on Sun
day next, under command of Captain L.
Tf. Turner, who with the men of the
militia will navigate her to her berth at
Howard wharf.
On this afternoon the engineer corps
will, in company of the officers, go to the
island and take station on the Marion,
and they will be accompanied by the men
who compose the First and Second divi
sions nf the militia will be taken up on
the Mnntlcello to Mare Island to man
the vessel.
'i he Governor and staff will come down
on the Marlon, and the event will be a
celebration closing the Jubilee week.
Youthful Criminals In Court.
Bert Gray. George Rowe and Charles
Kelly, the three youthful criminals who
assaulted Isadore Gimlet, were before
Judge "Wallace yesterday morning to be
arraigned for an assault to murder. On
motion of the District Attorney, the cases
wore dismissed, as Rowe and Kelly had
pleaded guilty to a charge of robbery in
connection with the crime and Gray was
acquitted. After the cases had been dis
missed Gray, who luckily escaped "go
ing across the bay" wtth the other pris
oners, was locked up in the City Prison
on a charge of petty larceny for having
stolen, it is claimed, articles of furniture
which belonged to his stepfather.
Joseph WHkJnson Drowned.
The body of Joseph Wilkinson, who had
been employed as a shipping clerk along
the water front, was found In the bay
early yesterday morning near the end of
Jackson-street wharf. Wilkinson was
Intoxicated last Thursday night, and it Is
supposed he fell overboard in the dark
while making the rounds of the water
front saloons.
The deceased was a native of New
York, aged 45 years. An inquest will be
held.
Giver) Judgnjent on a Note.
Charles X. Champion was given judg
ment against Isaac Trumbo by Judge
Hunt yesterday for J4WI 80. The suit was
instigated to recover the amount of
the judgment on a note issued by
Isaac Trumbo to the Union Iron
Works. The note came into the posses
sion of C. N. Champion subsequently and
he filed an action to recover. The suit
was not contested and judgment was
given.
Sold Bogus Tickets.
D. H. Hall was yesterday sentenced by
Judge Campbell to six months in the
County Jail. He was arrested for selling
bogus lottery tickets, but the Judge
thought a conviction could not be based
on the fact that the tickets were bo
gus. He suggested that the complaint
should be altered to petty larceny, which
was done, and Hall was convicted and
sentenced on that charge.
Appointed a Policeman.
Everett "W. Gardiner, son of the late
Baldwin Gardiner, the stockbroker who
was the victim of a bullet fired by either
Adam Stroh. the burglar, or Frank Mur
phy, the patrol wagon driver, was sworn
in as a policeman yesterday. He is 2S
years of age and a native of this city.
FED STARVING THOUSANDS.
Distribution of the City of Ever-
ett's Cargo in India.
A letter has been received from Rev.
Rockwell Clancy, secretary of the Bishop
Thorburn special funu for India, dated
at Allahabad, November 10, 1R97, in which
he gives some interesting information re
garding the great famine in India and
comments very favorably upon the sup
plies sent from America in the City of
Everett. In his letter Mr. Clancy says:
"I am glad to tell you that the great
famine is practically at an end, though
there is still much suffering, and millions
have lost everything. Thf» famine was
tho worst of the century. India's terrible
■uttering has touched the heart of tho
world. Am^ng the gifts none was morn
appreciated than America's gift of
grain. From the time the City of Rverett
sailed from San Francisco until she en
tered thf Hoogly and anchored at Cal
cutta plans were being made for the dis
tribution of grain. Railroads offered to
carry the grain free of charge, and when
the grain arrived at tho various centers
of distribution thousands of hungry peo
ple were eagerly waiting for a *shar<».
Many persons on receiving the grain
parched jt and satisfied their hunger at
the place of distribution. r>r. Hobbs who
i-am*» with the City of Everett, visited the
worst famine districts and waa fairly
worshiped by the peo] le."
Wills Filed for Probate.
The will of Bartolnmeo Ferroglaro, who
died February 15, 1891, was nied for pro
bate yesterday. Property estimated tn
be wort!) MM was left by the dec. A
Half of the estate will revert to the t\ )- '
ow. Assuanto Ferrogiaro, and th-
mainder will be equally divided anv>:
the testator's children.
The will of Eliza ('hope, disposing of
property valued at $5000. has been tiled.
The entire estate was bequeathed to th*>
testator's daughter, Mrs. A. M. Man
ning.
C. F. E. Heineke, who died January 25
of this year, left an estate valued at $3.W\
and it will be divided as follows: Ed
mund Helneke. a nephew. $li*K>; <\irl
Heincke, a nephew. $1000; Caroline Rur
meister. $So<">; Fritz Heincke, an inmate of
the Stockton Insane Asylum. $200; Emma
Jensen. $100; P. H. Hink. $100. The resi
due, if any, will be divided among the
nephews of the deceased.
Knocked Down by Mlstak.e.
William Barnett, 2fi79 Mission street,
swore to a complaint In Judge Camp
bell's court yesterday for the arrest of
Tom Jones, a plumber, on a charge of
battery. He said he was in a restaurant
at Twenty-second and Mission street*
Friday night, eating a tamale. when
Jones came up to him and, with an oath,
struck him in the face, knocking him
down he was attempting to strike again
when Barnett, to defend himself, drew a
knife and Jones was hustled out of the
place by the proprietor and waiters. The
proprietor afterward told Barnett that
Jones had mistaken him for another man.
Sues for Heavy Damages.
Benjamin F. Sheyer. through his guard
ian. A. W. Lanforth, has commenced suit
against N. A. Lowell and John A. Beck
with, i owners of the Eagle "Warehouse.
17-19 Davis street, to recover $10,000 dam
ages for injuries received from a fall
down an elevator shaft in the building
owned by the defendants.
'".•;-" : — •-*
Wants the- Furniture.
Marion Torres, as executor of the es
tate of the late Henri T. Wlndel, has
commenced suit against the Union Trus^
Company of San Francisco to recov.
possession of certain household property
at 4 Burrltt street, which she claims is
in the unlawful possession of the defend
ant.
NEW TO-DAY.
jr §y!?CIL m B C
jßordenj
|^|||g| DfctlKl
_ s
J Condensed! Milk i
\ has no Equal as #
y An Infant food. #
C "INFANT HEAITH"sent V
# FREE on Application. C
HEWYt)fMCom)EHS£OMILKCaN.Y M
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, *)
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD A
CO. European plan. ■ Rooms 50c to $1 50day,
(5 to $8 week. $8 to $30 month. Free baths:
hot and cold water every room; fire crate» la
every room; elevator runs 'all night.