VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 157.
TROOPS TO LAND IN CUBA TO-DAY,
THE QUEEN READY TO LEAVE SPAIN
GOVERNMENT PREPARING
AN EXPEDITION TO HELP
DEWEY HOLD HIS PRIZE
It Is Proposed to Take Six Thousand Men and
to Raise the Sunken Ships of Spain
to Fight the Spanish.
NEW YORK, May 5.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent
telegraphs: Active preparations
were being made to-day by both
the War and Navy departments
for reinforcing Commodore Dewey
at Manila, and sending out suffi
cient men and supplies to hold the
islands and maintain order. If a
report is received from the com-
modore within the next few days
the details of the expedition may
depend largely upon his repre
sentations as to the situation. The
War Department is preparing to
send about 6000 men with camp
supplies, field guns and horses for
the cavalry and artillery. Addi
tional sailors and marines will also
be sent to Commodore Dewey, and
the Navy Department has directed
Admiral Kirkland, at the Mare Isl
and Navy-yard, to provide pro
visions for 2000 men for three
months. The^e provisions are for
Commodore Dewey's men and the
sailors and marines who will be
sent out with the expedition.
As was stated in the Herald this
morning the army authorities in
California have been given full
power to obtain the necessary
transports for troops. 1 am in
f formed that bids for these trans
ports have already been presented
/ by several steamship companies on
the Pacify Coast.
It has not been definitely decid
ed as to the exact time when this
expedition will leave San Fran
cisco. The department will take
no action until communications
CITY AND HARBOR OF SAN JUAN DE PORTO RICO.
PROBABLY A CANARD
BOSTON. May s.— The Journal
will publish the following to
morrow: "At a meeting of the
Electric Club here to-night F. L.
Viles, one of the members, read
a private dispatch which he had
just received from a friend of Jiis,
who is a telegraph operator at
Singapore, saying: 'Pewey's vic
tory confirmed. He is now mili
tary Governor.' "
have been received from the Asi
atic Squadron. Some time will
aiso be consumed in organizing the
army and obtaining for it such
equipments as will be necessary.
The only convoy which will go
with these transports will be the
cruiser Charleston. This ship is
now undergoing all necessary re
pairs, and to-day Captain Glass
was detached from the command
of the Pensacola and ordered to
command the Charleston. Several
more of her officers were also or
dered to-day.
The steamship City of Peking
will be fitted out immediately at
Mare Island as an immediate ma
chine ship and will go with the ex
pedition to Manila. Her crew will
consist mainly of naval engineers
and first-class machinists. She will
have improved apparatus neces
sary to repair any damage which
may have been done the ships in
Commodore Dewey's fleet.
It is the purpose of Naval Con
structor Capp, who will be in
charge of the machinists on the
boat, to raise and put in perfect
condition the disabled ships of the
Spanish squadron. For this pur
The San Francisco Call
pose he will take along with him a
large assortment of steei plates.
The machinists in this expedition
will be taken nearly exclusively
from Mare Island Navy Yard and
will hence be perfectly familiar
with their proposed work.
POLO DE BERNABE
WILL NOW DEPART
Owing to Public Sentiment and Diplo
matic representation He Is Re
called to Madrid.
Copyrighted. IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
TORONTO, Ontario, May s.— Senor
Polo dc- Bernabe. formerly Minister to
the United States, who leaves here to
morrow fur Montreal, en route for Mad
rid, has been the cause of an interna
tional discussion, the outcome of which
has been his departure from Canada at
a much earlier date than he at first in
tended. Three days ago he received a
long dispatch from Madrid requesting
that as early as possible he should quit
Canada. The dispatch intimated that
Sir Julian Pauncefote had reported to
Lord Salisbury that the United States
Government had made no official or
unofficial representation to him rela
tive to Senor Polo, but that public opin
ion, as represented by the press and
many public men of broad views in the
States, were excited over his stay In a
friendly State at and on the borders of
the Union by the former Minister, who
was in a position to give valuable in
formation to Madrid. Lord Salisbury
put the matter before the Government
at Madrid, with the result that Senor
Polo will leave here to-morrow. He
spent the day in preparation for his
departure.
DEWEY CAID TO
BE IN CONTROL
NEW YORK, May 5.— A special cable
to a morning paper from London says:
Dewey has followed up hia first
victory with a second. The Americans
are in control of the Philippines. Ma
nila has been captured by the Ameri
can fleet. The Government ia now De
ing carried on by Commodore Dewey
This news reached London in a private
dispatch from Hongkong. How the
news reached there is not stated, but
it is possible that it came over iff 1 some
swift merchantman which was lying
in the harbor during the engagement,
and which set sail before Dewey started
his dispatch-boat
SAX FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, MAY 6, 1898.
TO BOMBARD
THE PORTS OF
CALIFORNIA
Spain Will Send Ships to
Drive Dewey From
Manila.
MADRID, May s.— lt is
said that two ironclads,
two cruisers and three
transports are about to
leave Cadiz to drive the
Americans from Manila
and then bombard Cali
fornia ports.
The debate on the
Government's policy
was resumed in the
Cortes to-day, the sit
ting being mainly occu
pied with the continua
tion of Senor Romero y
Robledo's speech. He
severely criticized the
Government for its lack
of foresight, and, after
putting various ques
tions to members of the
Cabinet as to the Gov-
ernment plans, he an
nounced that he would
ask the Cortes to vote
an income tax.
Senor Robledo asked
why after issuing from
the bay Admiral Montijo
returned to Cavite,'*thus
becoming a simple tar
get for the enemy?"
Admiral Bermejo, Min
ister of Marine, replied
that Admiral Montijo
acted entirely at his own
Continued on Second Page.
AMERICAN ARMY
MOVING FOR THE
UNHAPPY ISLAND
An Asylum Prepared at the Capital of
Austria for the Reception of
Spanish Royalty.
NEW YORK, May s.— The Herald's Washington cor
respondent telegraphs: United States troops will be on
Cuban soil before to-morrow morning. Officially, the au
thorities positively refuse to discuss the question of the time
for invading Cuba, but the above statement was made to
me to-night by a gentleman in the confidence of those who
have the plan of campaign in hand.
Just how many troops have embarked for Cuba this
gentleman could not tell me, but he felt sure that it was not
less than 5000. This body of troops is regarded as an ad
vance guard of the invading army of 15,000 men which will
be embarked for the purpose of attacking Havana in the rear
as soon as the navy is ready to begin the bombardment of
the fortifications at the entrance of the harbor. ,
The understanding is that the troops will be landed
at some point between Mariel and Havana, where they will
meet the insurgents from General Garcia's army and hold a
base of supplies preliminary to a move on Havana when the
rest of the army has been landed and the vessels of Admiral
Sampson's fleet are ready for action.
HONGKONG
CABLE OPEN
TO DEWEY
Great Britain Will
Not Try to Stop
Dispatches.
Washington Expects to
Have News in the Next
Twenty-Four Hours.
NEW YORK, May 5.— The
Herald's Washington corre-
spondent telegraphs: "Com
modore Dewey is without
doubt master of the situation.
1 feel no apprehension con
cerning him, and 1 am confi
dent he will communicate
with the department at the
first favorable opportunity."
This statement was made
to me this afternoon by Sec
retary Long in answer to a
question I asked. Believing
it is due to the relatives and
friends of the officers and
men on board the squadron,
as well as to the country at
large, the Secretary has di
rected that any information
whatever from Commodore
Dewey shall be made public
at once, no matter at what
hour of the day or night.
This direction effectually
THE QUEEN REGENT
IS READY TO FLEE
Apartments Are Prepared for Her at
Vienna, Wliile in Spain Rioting and
Disorder Tend to Revolution.
LONDON, May 5. — The Vienna correspondent of the Daily Tele
graph says: "Apartments have been reserved at a hotel here for the
Queen Regent of Spain in case she arrives before apartments have
been prepared for her in her brother's palace.
"Telegrams from the Austriaan Embassador at Madrid, Count Du
buski, indicate that the Queen Regent is only waiting for a suitable
mdbient to quit Spain without detriment to the interests of her son."
VALENCIA, May 5. — Riots continue to be the order of the day.
In Carthagena district 6000 miners are on strike. After cutting the
wires they burned the town hall and sacked the residence of the man
who framed the odious octaroi tax. Troops were called out and crder
was restored.
Caceres, Talavera and Gijon have also been the scenes of wild riot
and tumult, which ended in pillage and robbery. Grain and provision
stores ire being gutted and merchant offices broken into and robbed.
All these disturbances are due to economic causes, to a great
dearth of wheat and the consequent advance in the price of bread, and
the closing of the factories and workshops owing to complete paralyza
tion of trade and the prohibitive prices of coal and raw materials.
But we are only beginning. The Government is adopting drastic
measures to keep food in the country. A bill passed the Cortes to-day,
to come into immediate operation, totally prohibiting the export of
wneat, flour and potatoes.
disposes of the report that
the administration is in re
ceipt of dispatches from the
far east, especially that pub
lished this morning dated at
Mare Island, communicating a
list of the casualties on board
the men of war.
Naturally the relatives and
friends of the officers and men
on the Asiatic squadron are
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
very anxious as to their safe
ty, and the department has
been deluged with letters and
telegrams requesting informa
tion. While supposing that
there are some killed and
wounded on the fleet, the de
partment hopes that the num
ber is small.
Commodore Dewey is con
fidently expected to commu2
KEEN WATCH
FOR SPANISH
TORPEDO-BOATS
It Is Expected That the Govern
ment Will Hear prom Them
Not Later Thar) Monday.
NEW YORK, May 5. — A Washington special to the Herald says:
By Monday next the officials believe they will learn the position of the
Spanish armored cruisers and torpedo boat destroyers. Steaming at the
rate of fifteen knots an hour, it is estimated by experts that they
ought to cover the 2400 miles separating St. Vincent from San Juan
de Porto Rico by to-morrow.
Cdins at their most economical speed of ten knots, Monday will be
the date of their arrival. Instructions to the American liners acting as
scouts require them to be particularly observant during the next week
in order that information may be obtained without delay of the where
abouts of the enemy. A prominent engineer officer told me to-day that
he h:id no doubt the report that the Spanish men-of-war were short
of engineers and machinists is correct.
•'I have looked into the matter," he continued, "and I have found
that most of the engineers and machinists of enemy's vessels are Eng
lish or Scotch. Under the plea that they are not allowed to serve in
time of war because of the foreign enlistment act of their country' they
have been leaving the ships' service. The Spaniards themselves are not
a mechanical race. They are a commercial and agricultural people, and
I have no doubt they will be greatly handicapped by their lack of
experienced engineers and machinists. The recent report of damage
tn their torpedo boats while at St. Vincent I have no doubt is true and
the damage was the result of the handling of machinery by inexpe
rienced men."
nicate the number of those
who suffered in battle, and
their relatives and friends will
te at once notified.
On account of the fact that
Consul Wildman at Hongkong
is not provided with a cipher
the State Department was
unable to send him any se
cret instructions or to receive
any confidential advice from
him. He has not transmitted
any information whatever
concerning the result of the
Manila battle, and this the de
partment believes is due to
the fact that he has nothing
reliable to send-
In army and navy circles
the report is current that
Great Britain has denied the
agents of this Government
the use of the cable from
Hongkong on the plea of neu
trality.
"This report cannot be
true," said a State Depart
ment official with- whom I
talked. "You wiil recall that
the Spanish Captain-General
during the battle notified
Madrid over the cable con
necting Manila and Hongkong
and thence from Hongkong
that the Spanish fleet had
been destroyed, and sent va
rious other reports before the
cable was cut. Great Britain
cannot now deny this Gov
ernment's agents the use of
the cable. Neutrality with
respect to cables means that
the Government that controls
them shall permit the bellig
erents to employ them and
not permit one to use them
to the exclusion of the other.
"As soon as Commodore
Dewey's dispatches are re
ceived by the Consul at
Hongkong there will be no
danger of any attempt being
made by the British Govern
ment to stop their transmis
sion.
"Besides what I have stat
ed the London Government
is evidently desirous of fa
voring the United States in
the present war, and would
undoubtedly not raise at this
time the point that a bellig
erent cannot use its lines"
it is the confident belief of
administration officials that
the next twenty-four hours
will witness the end of their
suspense, and that they will
be in receipt of official infor
mation from Commodore
Dewey which will guide
them in their future plans. Jn
the meantime every prep
aration is t being made in an
ticipation of the requests
which he may make.
The very interesting story of the
practical value of the new Oakland
Training School for Children is told
In next Sunday's Call.
THE REVENGE
OF A CUBAN
Weyler's Relative in
Grave Peril at Key
West.
How Laborde Paid Back an
Insult to a Helpless
Prisoner.
Men Captured on the Argonauta
Taken North as Prisoners of
War. x
KEY WEST, Fla., May s.— The pris
oners captured on the steamer Argo
nauta were sent north on the steamer
City of Key West this morning. They
were a colonel and nine staff officers,
one sergeant and nine privates. A
guard of ten soldiers of the Twenty
fifth United States Infantry, command
ed by Lieutenant Moss, acted as escort.
Unusual precautions were taken by
the military authorities here to pre
vent the Cubans wreaking summary
vengeance on Colonel Vicento de Corti
jo. Colonel De Cortijo is distantly re
lated to General Weyler and was on his
staff during the latter's reign in Cuba.
For more than a year he was governor
of Cabanas fortress, where most of the
Cuban political prisoners are confined,
and was noted for his cruelty to the
captives. He is said to have been par
ticularly venomous toward any Cu
bans suspected of sympathy with the
insurgents..
His cruel acts numbered hundreds
and the Cubans swore to have his life.
On this account Colonel De Cortijo's
capture was purposely kept from the
Cubans here by the United States au- j
thorities. What seemed a retributive \
circumstance, however, placed his life j
in imminent peril.
The Competitor incident, which oc
curred during Weyler's rule, was one of
the first events which stirred the peo- I
pie of the United States to a realiza- j
tion of the condition in Cuba. The j
captain of the ill-fated Competitor was :
Alfredo Laborde, a Cuban. He had rei- !
atives in the insurgent army, and was
known to be an active sympathizer in
the cause of Cuba libre. When La
borde was consigned to a dungeon in
Cabanas fortress, he was brought be
fore Colonel De Cortijo. Laborde,
knowing himself to be unjustly de
tained, requested permission to make a
statement to the governor of the prison.
In response Colonel De Cortijo leaned
across his magistrate's desk and delib- !
erately spat in Laborde's face. The ;
Spanish officials present openly ap- |
plauded this act of their superior tow- i
ard a helpless prisoner.
Laborde was then cast into a cell far
beneath the earth, but he took an oath
to revenge himself on the man who had
Insulted him. Time and Consul Leo j
brought about Laborde's release from !
Cabanas fortress, but a price had been I
put on his head by Weyler and he
could not return to Cuba to get ven
geance. .
Weyler was recalled, and with him
went Colonel Cortijo. His absence only
fanned the fire of Laborde's hatred.
Two years passed. When war between
Spain and the United States began, he
volunteered his services as pilot to Ad
miral Sampson. He was accepted and
assigned to the gunboat Nashville. His
knowledge of all the intricacies of the
Cuban coast and its waters mad* him
very valuable. When the Argonauta,
with Colonel De Cortijo and staff on
board, was intercepted off Cienfuegos
and captured, fate decreed that the
prisoners should be taken on the Nash
ville to Key West. One of the first
men to see Colonel De Cortijo after he
was taken over the Nashville's side
was Laborde.
Then ensued a dran.'atio scene. With
his face pale with the degrading recol
lection, Laborde stepped directly in
front of the Spanish colonel. "Do you
remember me?" he asked, in Spanish.
Colonel De Cortijo looked at the white ■
faced man for several seconds, then
shook his head.
"Perhaps Cabanas fortress and this,"
ejaculated Laborde, spitting in De Cor- I
tijo's face, "will assist your memory."
It was De Cortijo's turn to grow pale,
but he did not reply. A naval officer
orderpd Laborde away and the incident
closed.
The prisoners will be taken direct to
Fort McPherson, near Atlanta. They
seemed glad to get away from Key
West, for there are too many Cubans
here. Just before leaving their bag
gage was searched, and it is said docu
ments were found which will be for
warded to Washington.
The monitor Miantonomoh arrived
from Philadelphia to-day. ,
Young Griffo Held for Trial.
SACRAMENTO, May s.— "Young" Grif
fo. the prize-iighter. was held to-day for
manslaughter in $1000 bail. He appeared
in court helplessly intoxicated. Failing
I" 1 obtain bail he is in the custody of the
Sheriff.
The others who participated in the
Griffo-McCarthy fight a week ago last
night and from the effects of which Mc-
Carthy died, were discharged. Justice
Henry, the committing magistrate, ad
ministered a scathing rebuke to the Sac
ramento Athletic Club managers on their
Identification with' prize-fishtW.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 6, 1898.
RUSSIA YET A
FIRM FRIEND
Czar Nicholas Is Not Dis
turbed by the Fate of
the Philippines.
Newspapers and People of His
Domain Say Nice Things
About, Uncle Sam.
Foreign Diplomats Begin to Realize
the Warm Feeling of England
for This Country.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 5.
A leading Russian diplomat said to
day that the cable report from London
stating that Emperor Nicholas of Rus
sia was much disturbed as to the ulti
mate destiny of the Philippines and
that some sort of immediate interven
tion was probable, was entirely un
warranted and placed Russia in a mis
leading position before the people of
this country. He says the sentiment
throughout Russia, official and unoffi
cial, is one of extreme cordiality to
ward the United States, and it shows
there will be no change in the tradi
tional friendship existing between the
United States and Russia. The friend
ly feeling, he pointed out, was shown
by the Russian newspapers which ar
rived in the mail to the Russian Em
bassy yesterday. They were published
just after the declaration of war, and
their comment was, without exception,
of the most friendly character toward
the United States. He said this feel
ing prevailed to a marked extent even
among the peasantry of Russia, and it
was a matter of surprise to him under
such circumstances that reports
should be circulated in the United
States that Russia was about to as
sume an unfriendly attitude toward
this country.
The Russian Embassador, Count Cas
sini, is expected here some time next
month. He is now at St. Petersburg,
after having conducted the negotia^
tions at Peking resulting in the RuS-
THE TELEGRAPHIC CORRESPONDENCE.
sian occupation of Port Arthur. To
day is a Russian holiday, being the
saint's day after whom the Empress
was named. Accordingly, some of the
Russian officials went to Fort Monroe,
where they will have the opportunity
incidentally of seeing Commodore
Schley's flying squadron.
General Mertwego, the Russian na
val and military representative hero,
has not yet arranged to go to Cub<»,
and it is felt the important operations
are still some time off.
At the several foreign headquarters
to-day the speech of Lord Salisbury
before the Primrose Club last night
was regarded as deeply significant, in
that it was the first expression from
a high official source clearly indicat
ing the sympathy of the British Min>
lstry in the present course of the United
States.
In British quarters Lord Halisbury's
speech is received with much satisfac
tion, as another evidence of cordiality
between this country and Great Brit
ain. At the same time it is stated with
the greatest posltiveness that this
friendly feeling has at no time taken
form in the way of an entente, or un
derstanding of ny kind. It is regarded
as none the less helpful, as leading
toward further cohesion and ympat l^""
between the English-speaking people
on both sides of the water.
The Paris report that the United
States "has promised to capture the
Canary Islands and rede them to Great
Britain" is characterized at the State
Department and by leading diplomats
as purely fanciful. The State Depart
ment gives a specific denial.
The foreign embassies and legations
have received notification from the
State Department that any cipher ca
bles they may desire to send to their
Consuls at Havana. Porto Rico or
other Spanish possessions will not be
Interrupted or censored.
The Japanese Minister. Mr. Hoshi,
was among the callers at the State De
partment to-day. He had not heard
from Manila and thought information
might come by way of Formosa, to
which place Japan had laid a cable.
The Minister does not credit reports
that Hawaii is about to be turned over
to the United States. He says Japan
has 'nothing to say if Hawaii is ac
quired by the United States in the usual
way by treaty so long as Japan's in
terests in Hawaii are safeguarded. But
he feels that it would be unfortunate
to have the acquisition occur through
any sudden, surprising move, particu
larly in view of tha friendly relations
just at present existing between the
United States, Great Britain and
Japan. Mr. Hophi is inclined to believe
that when the Japanese decree of neu
trality is in hand it will disclose that
coal is not made a strict contraband of
war.
ORDERED TO
THE SOUTH
Colored Troops to Be Sent
From Chickamauga
to Tampa.
This Means That They Will Be
Among the First Regulars
to Invade Cuba.
Court-Martial of a Private Who Wa«
Too Anxious to Take Part
in the Fray.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICKAMAUGA NATIONAL PARK,
May 5. — Orders were received from the
War Department to-day by (General
Brooke, commanding the provisional
army corps at Chickamauga Park, to
dispatch, the Twenty-fifth Infantry
(colored), Colonel Burt commanding,
with all speed possible to Tampa.
Two companies of this regiment are
now at Dry Tortugas, and It is believed
that the destination of the remainder
of the regiment is the sam» point. It
is further believed that the regiment
will shortly go to the fron, 1 as Colonel
Burt, who has been named as a briga
dier general in the volunteer army, is
expected to go south with his command.
It is the purpose to embark early to
morrow evening. The Tenth Cavalry
(colored) is expecting orders to move
to-morrow as are also the Sixth and
Third Cavalry.
The court-martial trial of Private
Marshall, Tenth Cavalry, which was
stationed near Fort Missoula, began to
day. When the Twenty-fifth Infantry
left Fort Missoula Marshall was greatly
disappointed that he was not allowed
to go to the front also and he immedi
ately left his command and beat his
way South by telling conductors on the
various railroads that he belonged w
the Twenty-fifth and had been acci
dentally left behind. He reached Chick
amauga several days ahead of his com
mand and was immediately put under
arrest.
Captain Oscar J. Brown, First Cav
alry, has been appointed colonel of a
Georgia volunteer regiment and given
an indefinite leave of absence from the
regular army.
DIFFERENCE IN TIME.
The world generally reckons longitude and time from the meridian of
Greenwich Observatory on the outskirts of London.
The earth turns through 360 degrees in twenty-four hours, hence 15 de
gTees difference in longitude makes one hour difference in time, 1 degree
makes four minutes, and one minute longitude four seconds of time.
Standard time now in use by transportation lines all around the world
is Greenwich time, at the nearest meridian of 15 degrees, or an even multi
ple thereof. Thus, as New York is near the seventy-fifth meridian from
London and San Francisco is near the one hundred and twentieth meridian
by standard time, when it is noon at London it is 7 a. m. at New York and
4 a. m. at San Francisco, which is actually four minutes slow by solar time
for New York and ten minutes fast for San Francisco. Manila is 120 de
grees 52 minutes east of London. So when it is noon at London it is 8 p. m. by
standard time at Manila, making 16 hours between San Francisco and Manilla
by standard time (16 hours 23 minutes actually). The reckoning of the new
day begins on the one hundred and eightieth meridian in the middle of the
Pacific Ocean, where it is JUHt midnight when it is noon at London. Thus
when It Is one minute past noon at London May 6 it is one minute past 12
o'clock a. m. May 1 on the one hundred and eightieth meridian.
THE REPLY
OF MILES
TO MOSBY
Stirs Up Something of a
Sensation at Wash
ington.
It Has N°t Beer) Supposed That
iQfluence Had Arjything to Do
With Commaods iQ the
Arn)y.
NEW YORK, May s.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent says: De
spite President McKinley's announce
ment that "political influence" will
have no weight in army appointments,
it now seems probable that Colonel
John S. Mosby, who has applied for
command, will be compelled to resort to
the services of politicians before he
gains his wish.
I asked General Miles to-night if the
published report were true that he had
replied to General Mosby's telegram
offering his services to the Government
with the suggestion that he "see his
Senators" and exert what influence he
could.
The general appeared much disturb
ed by the question, and said to me very
determinedly that he had nothing to
say in regard to the matter.
"I cannot see," said General Miles,
"how these things become public. It
certainly looks to me as though some
one had been tampering with private
telegrams. I have received a message
from General Mosby and he has offered
hes services and asked for a command. I
Further than this I have nothing to say
OQ the subject."
There has been considerable specula
tion as to what would be the outcome
of the matter since General Miles' re
ply to Mosby became public. An army
officer said to me this evening: "If
it is true that General Miles toM Mosby
that he must get political influence in j
order to secure command, he has placed \
himself in a rather embarrassing posi
tion. Mosby's reply that he had no in
fluence except his military record was
most appropriate. He was a good cay- i
airy commander, as the Union army
found to their sorrow, during the war,
and if he has applied for a command
now he surely deserves one."
COLONEL MOSBY HAS
NO POLITICAL PULL
Colenel John S. Mosby, the famous Con
federate raider, said last evening, in re
gard to the tender of his services to the
Government and the reply of General
Nelson A. Miles, in which the latter advised
him to secure the influence of his Sena-
tors:
"I wrote to General Miles two weeks
ago, just about the time that the reso
lutions passed, and on the day that Presi
dent McKinley sent his ultimatum to
Congress I, telegraphed offering my serv
ices to the Government. I did so, not out
of vanity or thinking that my services
would be of any value, but because I
thought, and so wrote, that any Con
federate officer who had won prominence
in the late war should offer his services
and thus show his loyalty to the flag. It
1 had served in the Union army 1 would
not have done so.
"Last Saturday I received a letter from
the general, in which he said he recom
mended me for a position in connection
with the troops that were to be raised
in the South. When I received the tele
gram from Miles advising me to secure
the influence of my Senators I was great
ly surprised. I could not understand why
thc-y wanted political influence as a con
dition of accepting my services as a sol
dier. They know my war record. 1 fought
against Miles, against McKinley in the
Shenandoah and against Alger. and what
the devil good can White or Perkins do.
Major McKinloy knew me before he ever
heard of White or Perkins. Another
thing, you know the publication of war
records, which has been going on during
the past ten or twelve years, is superin
tended by a joint board of Union and
Confederate officers. General Marcus
Wright, chairman of the Confederate
Board, voluntarily wrote me two years
ago that he had read every report and
dispatch of General Robert E. Lee. and
that there wore more complimentary no
tices of me than of any other man in the
whole Confederate army."
As thf gray-haired officer thought of
their forgetfulness he became more heat
ed. "After the war General Grant wrote
his memoirs when he was dying at Mount
McGregor, and he paid ihe highest tribute
to me both as a man and as a soldier.
Now, I say, the President. General Miles
and Secretary of War Alger know my
record perfectly well. and. as it was in
dorsed by General Lee during the war
and by General Grant afterward, for me
to ask some Congressman to indorse my
fitness as a soldier would be like ankiiiK
Vanderbilt to indorse a tramp's note to
give him credit. If my record as a soldier
is not recognized by the Government I
can stay at home. I have done my duty.
"General Miles is a friend of mine, and
his suggestion was friendly advice. I have
not a bit of influence, and I don't think
that politics or influence would be neces
sary- I would not ask a Congressman to
indorse me if it was to make me a
major-general; I have too much pride.
I did not say one word about rank or
commission, but offered 'my services to
the Government.
"My son Beverly, who is a lawyer in
Salt Lake City, wrote me that he would
leave in an hour for Virginia, where he
will fight in the ranks of a Virginia regi
ment."
TO BOMBARD
THE PORTS OF
CALIFORNIA
Continued From First Page.
discretion, no instruc
tions having been sent
him.
Admiral Bermejo de
clined to answer a ques
tion as to the wherea
bouts of the Cape Verde
squadron.
Senor Gullon, Minister
of Foreign Affairs, vig
orously defended the
Government's action.
Senor Pugicerver, the
Minister Of Finance, an
nounced that the Official
Gazette would shortly
publish a decree forbid
ding export of wheat.
In the Senate Lieuten
ant-General Correa,
Minister of War, submit
ted a bill authorizing him
to mobilize the second
reserves for service in
the Canaries.
, ArVEBTISEMEirTS. *
■'. A T '/*
GRAND STOCK
OF
Spring and Summer
Underwear,
Hosiery,
Shirts, Etc.,
In All the Newest Ideas \
At Low Prices.
EACLESONcgCO.
1748 and 750 Market St. 7.
242 Montgomery St.
LOS ANGELES AND SACRAMENTO.
B-B-B-B-B-B- -B-B-B-B-B |
a THEY ARE OFF. ■
Win"
i FORWARD, ■
' GUIDE RIGHT! ■
T HURRAH FOR OUR GALLANT m
i ■ ■ boys in blue who are off for the war T
■ to uphold thegjory of the Stan and I
| Stripes, and whether to Manila or Cuba 53
KB you can depend on our brave California I
"r troops giving a rood account of them- J.
I selves. But they may have to tramp ■■
■ many a weary mile up hill and down I
I aale, and each soldier should see that ■
-_ his feet are i>roperly eiicased In good |
* shoes Wo have a Bellows Tongue _
I Waterproof Lace Shi especially ■
8 pdapted for military service — strong, | •
I serviceable and stout— made of the be*-t ■
J, tannery calf skin, unlined. hand-welted, ™
■ double soles, plain broad toes and bel- I
| lows tongues to exclude dust and dirt. ■
M which we will sell for S3 50 a pair. ,
I Thny are s'unranteeil for fi-cnr. and ono *-
I pair of these shoes will last, a cam- B
B ralgn. Yon can wear them anywhere I
i I over rocks or loss, rough roads, or ■■
an through mud and mire, and you will ■■
"■ always 'find them easy on the- feet, as I
£3 being hand-welted they are free from ■
I tacks or threads. The price, $1 50.' i
_L Country orders solicited. '
■I Send for illustrated catalogue. H
■B. KATCHINSKI, ■
.7 PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., f*.
7 10 THIRD ST., San Francisco. ■,
, ■ ■■ '■ ■ ■ ■' -■-■-■-»
__ . j
tFINE TAILORING
FINE TAILORING;
f PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
, WORKMANSHIP, at
25 per cent Less than Other
Tailors Charge, Go to
JOE POHEIM
All wool Suits to &in .. <r nr i
Order from 4)1 L 4>oo i
Pants from .. . $4 to $| 0
- 201 and 203 Montgomery St,
844 and 846 Market St., '
1110 and 11 12 Market St, San Francisco. ;
WRITES 5 DIFFERENT COLORS ll
<B^ __ _^ On Any Typewriter, by '
J|j^Kj< U3ing the WILLARD '
S^^ Ink-Ograph Typewriter
tooi 8 Required. -• Attachment. i
. The most wonderful idea ever con-
t ceived : for the ■'■ purpose. Black, Blue,
i Green Purple and Red can be written
without removing Ribbon or Pad. At- :
tached Instantly. Send for sample, pet
price $1. Honey refunded it unsatls-
a The?INK-OGn.<VPH CO., 110 Mcntgom- ,
en" at. Agents wanted. ; __j '
00000000000000000
PALACE >■"■?%]
%-GRAND HOTELS %
!l SAN FRANCISCO. q j
."-Connected by a covered passasewar- _ j
O 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. *f J
0 •o-li U.NDEH O.N'B MANAaEJUME. W ;
© NOTE THE PRICES: O !
A European Plan. »l. 00 per day and upward q ;
" American Plan. S3. OO per day and upward ** ;
O ..■Correspondence Solicited. O '
Q JOHN C. KIBKPATBICK, Managsr. Q J
oooooooooooooooooo '
JVi/ONG WOO,
F^W CHINESETEA AND HERB .
felp J SANITARIUM,
W?j£ 784-66 CLAY ST., San Francisco, Oal. j
«/ : AU : . diseases cured exclusive- •
TOB|f||p' by Chinese herbs, over 3000
rfp/1V . ..»• •" varieties being used. ADVICH i
\ FREE. Hours, a:3O to 11 a. m., 1 to 3 and 7to '
9 p. m. . < .•..-■...■«■. {
DT>TT C XII 7 C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DlllJunijU "*■ bootblacks., bath-
*^ houses,'-, billiard-tables, '
brewers, bookbinders,', candy-makers, canners. '
dyers, \ flourmllls,- foundries, ". laundries, paper- ,
hangers, printers, * painters,' choc factories. '
stablemen. . tar-roofers, i tanners.' tailors, etc. i
BUCHANAN BROS.. '
Brush Manufacture is, GUI) Sacramento St.
Indian Vegetable Pills 4
1 Are. acknowledged by. thousands of persons waj
! have used « them for over ■ forty years 'to cura *
I SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS. CONSTIPa-
' , TION, Torpid ■• Liver, • Weak ■' Stomacn, Pimples '
; and purify ; tlje blood. . / . »■
i Grossman's Spciflc Mixture
} With this » remedy i persons - • can : cure them*
- selves;, without the least ? exposure, - change of
diet or change In application to business. Th«
1 . medicine , contains nothing .- of ■ the < least Injury
I to ' the ' constitution. Auk your druggist j for ■ It.
1 Price, %1 a bottle. , . • . .!..„_SAMPSON IS
LOOKING FOR
SPAIN'S FLEET
Aided by Scouts Scouring
the Atlantic in Advance
of His Squadron.
Some Reason to Believe the
Boasted Armada Has Igno
miniously Gone Back
to Cadiz.
LONDON, May 6. — The Daily Mail's Paris correspondent hears on un
disputable authority that five Spanish ships including Pelayo and Al
fonso X^II are not yet supplied with ammunition.
The Daily Mail's Paris correspondent says that want of ammuni
tion for the Cadiz I'.eet caused delay in the sailing of the Cape Verde
fleet and will probably compel the latter to return to Cadiz.
NEW YORK, May s— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent sends
the following:
Within a day's sail of Porto Rico and
within a comparatively short distance
of the United States, the armor-clads
of Rear-Admiral Sampson's squadron
are ready to leap upon the enemy as
soon as his whereabouts is learned.
Patrolling hundreds - r miles of ocean
to the east of Porto Rico, on a degree
of longitude chosen by the Naval Board
of War. are the eyea of Rear-Admiral
Sampson — the scouts whose duty it is
upon the appearance of the erctny to
hasten to a cable station to inform the
Navy Department of what they have
seen and then to speed under all steam
to the point where Rear-Admiral Samp
fleet is waiting to impart to its
commander the news they have ob
tained.
Authoritative information that I ob
tained to-day shows that in sending
Rear-Admiral Samp on with his armor
clads away from Key West the Naval
War Board was guided solely by the
feature of its plan of campaign which
requires the destruction of the Spanish
fleet before the Government shall enter
upon the reduction of Porto Rico or be
fore any extensive invasion of Cuba is
set on foot.
While taking every precaution for the
safety of the battle-shio Oregon, the
gunboat Marietta and the cruiser Nicth
t-roy (or Buffalo), it is not proposed
to re-enforce them by any of Rear-Ad
tniral Sampson's fleet unless the scouts
report that they have found the en
emey's squadron steaming to the south
ward, when armor-clads will be sent
poste haste after them.
Captain Clark's instructions, given
him before his departure from Rio
Janeiro, give to him the route he shall
take to reach northern waters, but no
surprise need be experienced if it should
be found fifteen days hence that the
( >regon has attached herself to Rear-
Admiral Sampson's command, while
her consorts have continued their voy
age to Key West.
Having a division of the Atlantic
squadron stationed at the strategic
point selected, it will not be a difficult
matter, the Naval Board believes, to
rarry out the rect of the plan deter
mined upon. The St. Louis, Harvard
and Yale have each been given a cer
tain district to patrol up and down,
which they cruise day and night, always
alert for the^first ?i^n of smoke on the
horizon which will reveal the enemy's
squadron. The districts lected were
picked out by the board because the
Spanish fleet bound from St. Vincent to
the Caribbean Sea. Porto Rico or any
point in the United States would have
to pass through one of then to reach
its destination.
The war experts have compared the
position of i>t. Vincent with the west to
the center of a circle, with the United
States, Porto Rico and the Caribbean
Sea forming an arc. The enemy's fleet
will have to sail along one of the radii
to reach any point on the arc, and these
radii pass through the districts which
A CUBAN CORPS
TO BE FORMED
t
Only Men Native of the
Island Will Be
Enlisted.
To Co-operate With the Army
of Invasion When It
Moves.
Uncl* Sam Will Cover Its Landing
With the Guns of His
Fleet.
Special Dispatch to The C*ll.
NEW YORK, -May 5.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Word has
reached Washington o^ the successful
landing of General Nunez and his
party, comprising about a dozen Cuban
officers, with arms and equipments for
the insurgents, at a point in Cuba east
,of Havana. .
This ; party went to Cuba as an ad
vance guard of : the Cuban l corps which
is to co-operate with the American
u-my invasion. The party will report
£ a*afliai Gomez, under, protection
Copyrighted. IS9R, by James Gordon Bennett.
CAPE HAI-.EX, Hayti, May
s.— The captain of the German
steamer Castilla, which has just
arrived here, reports that some
Spanish vessels have been coal
ing and taking on ammunition at
St. Thomas.
He also said he saw Spanish
warships patrolling outside the
harbor of St. Thomas.
are now being patrolled by the Amer
ican scouts.
Assured, therefore, of the prompt dis
covery of the Spanish men-of-war upon
their appearance, and of the immediate
transmission of the news to Rear-Ad
miral Sampson, the next point to be
determined by the board was as to the
place and manner of giving battle in or
der that the advantage might be with
the American forces. Of course Rear-
Admiral Sampson will give battle
whenever he comes across the Spanish
force, and confidence is felt that he will
be able to defeat it. But should the
Spanish men-of-war arrive at San Juan
before the American fleet, reaches there
it will be the duty of 'Rear-Admiral
Sampson to station his rieet before the
harbor and. in the words of the expert
to whom I talked, thus completely
"bottle them up."
In stationing Rear-Admiral Samp
son's force between Key West and
Porto Rico the War Board had in
vie v the protection of the. cities of the
Atlantic coast and the prevention of
any attempt on the part of Spain's war
ships to break the blockade of the Cu
ban coast. The vessels which he took
with him from Key West include the
battleships Indiana and lowa, the ar
mored cruiser N^w York, the monitor
Puritan and several torpedo boat de
stroyers.
While a formidable force has been
left behind, including the three moni
tors, Amphitrite, Terror and Mianto
nomoh, their slow speed would prevent
them from coming up with the enemy,
and it will therefore be necessary to
place the annor-clads within strikine
distance should the enemy out in an
appearance in their rear.
Rear-Admiral Schley's squadron will
not be called upon to re-enfo cc Rear-
Admiral Sampson's command unless
such action should be necessary. The
squadron will remain at Hampton
Roads to assist the northern patrol
squadron in the defense of the coast.
Should it be definitely 'earned that
the Spanish fleet is not on its way
across the ocean the probabilities are
strong that a battle-ship, either the Ore
gon or Indiana, will be assigned to
Commodore Schley's force. The New
Orleans will take the place of the Co
lumbia, which has been assigned to the
northern patrol squadron, and the fleet
will start to sea on a cruis- to the east
ward of Porto Rico.
Rear-Admiral Sampson's force will
then be left to continue the work of re
ducing the fortifications of Cuba and
Porto Rico, and by depriving Spain of
these bases of supplies prevent her mak
ing any extensive attack upon the coast
of the United States.
of whose soldiers they have landed in
Cuba.
Senor Gonzalo de Quesada, secretary
to the Cuban delegation, has returned
to Washington from New York. His
visit to Gotham \vas to communicate
with other Cubans on the subject of
the organization of a Cuban-American
corps, which, under the command of
General Nunez of the army of libera
tion, will co-operate witht the Ameri
can army of invasion. Senor Quesada
said that New York City would furnish
one full regiment of twelve companies.
Only native Cubans would be enlisted.
Regiments were being recruited at New
Orleans, Galveston and other Texas
points, Atlanta, Baltimore, Cincinnati,
Chicago, St. Louis, Jacksonville, Mo
bile. Tampa and Key West.
The American Government has
equipment for the Cubans ready and
will cover the landing of the corps on
Cuban soil with the guns of the block
ading fleet.
With this Cuban corps will be several
batteries of rapid fire guns, and a stock
of military stores?, including medicines,
food and ammunition.
Schoolboys Volunteer.
BURLINGA.iE, Cal., May s.— Hoitt's
School at Burlingame is th? first of the
preparatory private schools to respond
to the call for volunteers. Three young
men enlistee last Saturday and were
mustered into Company B, First Regi
ment, to-day. Their names are Walter
E. Garrison, son of Clinton Garrison of
Modesto; Arthur W. Clark, son of Rail
road Commissioner Clark of Stockton:
William K. Reed, son of. the late Hon
Charles F. Reed of Auburn. Two of
these boys would have graduated in
three weeks. The remainder of the
graduating- class has already petitioned
Dr. Hoitt to award diplomas to their
volunteer classmates and, thus show
his appreciation of the exhibition of the
patriotism instilled into the hearts of
the boys by his own teaching. Th.£
petition yvill^ no doubt be grggted. *
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 6, 1898.
HOW SAMPSON
GOT ORDERS
Burned to Emulate the
Good Example of
. Dewey.
Had Some Hot Correspondence
With the Naval Author
ities at Washington.
Then the Big Boats Sailed Away and
Everybody Looks for
a Fight.
Copyrighted, lE9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEST, Fla., May s.— Admiral
Sampson sailed at daybreak yesterday.
He took with him the flagship New
York, the battle-ships lowa and Indi
ana, the cruiser Detroit and the torpedo
boat Porter. This formidable force
will be augmented by the monitors Ter
ror and Amphitrite and two of the tor
pedo-boats now doing patrol duty along
the coast of Cuba. At present the
Terror is blockading Matanzas, while
the Amphitrite is doing similar work off
Cardenas. Late last night the Mar
blehead, fully coaled, left the harbor
and sailed away in the wake of the
big ships. This leaves the monitor
Puritan still here, the cruiser Cincin
nati, half a dozen gunboats and reve
nue cutters and the torpedo-boat Erics
son.
Admiral Sampson's desination is not
known. There is little doubt, how
ever, that it is Porto Rico. Among
the officers of the fleet this is the only
opinion held. While the big ships were
here the officers came ashore in great
numbers and freely discussed the pros
pective movements of the fleet. For
a week they have been daily expecting
the fleet to move to Porto Rico. The
order for the big ships to return to Key
West to coal was to be the signal.
While here news of the victory of
Dewey came. It was a spark to fire
the ardor suppressed for weeks. Ad
miral Sampson sat on his flagship and
fretted and fumed. He burned to em
ulate Dewey. It is well known among
the fleet officers that Sampson has
chafed dreadfully under the restraint
imposed by his superiors at Washing
ton.
On Monday and Tuesday some hot
correspondence passed over the cable
between Sampson at the one end and
Secretary Long at the other. The re
sult is not positively known, but he
admiral let it be known among- his sub
ordinates that he had obtained at least
discretionary permission to do some
thing.
Sampson's plan, while not definitely
known, may be outlined with reason
able accuracy. Sam-son will take the
New York, Indiana, Amphltrite and
three of the torpedo boats over to Porto
Rico. There he expects to be joined by
the Massachusetts, Texas and Brook
lyn, and probably the Vesuvius. These
will make a fleet of twelve vessels,
eight of them being batt!e-ships, ar
mored cruisers and double turreted
monitors.
LOYALTY OF
THE FORESTERS
Those Members Who Go to
War Will Be Kept in Good
Standing by the Lodges.
Grand Court of the Order Completes
Its Annual Session at Healdsburg
and Holds a Banquet.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HEALDSRURO, May s.— The Grand
Court of the Foresters of America ad
journed its tenth annual session sine die
to-day at 3 p. m. after one of the shortest
yet most important meetings in its his
tory. This morning the committee on
state of the order reported that there
art- 152 courts of the order in California,
with a total membership of 12,865. The
committee reported that it was advisable
not to organize new courts, but strengthen
the old ones. The following resolutions
were adopted by a rising vote enlivened
with three hearty cheers:
Whereas, The Government of the United
States is waging a righteous and Justifiable
■war against the Kingdom of Spain, to the end
that the unnatural and Inhuman barbarities
inflicted upon the people of Cuba, shall cease
and that retributive justice be done for the
cruel and cowardly destruction of the Maine;
Whereas, The Foresters of America, a patri
otic and liberty-loving fraternal organization,
earnestly approves and heartily applauds the
course and -conduct of this Government In the
premises; and
Whereas, Many members of our order are
members of the National Guard of California,
and many others have and will enlist as vol
unteers In the army and navy of the United
States; therefore, be It
Resolved, That all subordinate courts In the
Jurisdiction of this Grand Court be and they
hereby are authorized to keep and maintain
In good financial standing In their courts dur
ing active service in said war, all such mem
bers as were not In arrears at . the date of
enlistment in the service of their country.
On motion of C. P. Rendon of Stockton
a vote of thanks was given the citizens
of Healdsburg, the members of Court
Sotoyome. F. of A., and Companions of
the Forest, for the kind and hospitable
treatment of the delegates.
The newly elected grand officers were
Installed and the Grand Court adjourned
To-night the Grand Court officers ex
emplified the new ritualistic work, after
which the grand banquet was held. Elo
quent toasts were responded to by Sol
Peiser, J. S. \V. Saunders, Hugo K. Asher
J. C. Heenan. Fred C. Hensley. Ira Co
burn. J. J. Cordy, San Francisco; War
ren M. John. San Luis Obispo: Judge C
P. Rendon, Stockton; R. B. Veliage, Oak
land; Max Grimm, Stockton; Charles H
Hogg, San Jose; Louis Thorne, Los An
geles; J. C. Keene, W. F. O'Leary and
M. M. Pyne, Healdsburg.
NAPA PIONEER DIES
FROM GAS ASPHYXIATION,
Jacob Nussberger Found in an Un-
conscious Condition by His Son
and Soon Expires.
NAPA, May 5. — Jaoob Nussberger, an
old and respected resident of this city,
died early this morning at his home from
asphyxiation. His son upon arising this
morning detected the odor of gas escap
ing somewhere, and upon investigation
found his father lying in an unconscious
condition upon the floor of his bedroom.
Life was not yet extinct and medical aid
was immediately summoned, but the suf
ferer soon expired.
The deceased had lived In Napa con
tinuously for thirty years, keeping the
Music Hall Hotel. He was 60 years of
age and a native of Switzerland. Four
grown children survive him.
Catholic Ladies' Relief Society.
■H SACRAMENTO, May s.— The annual
grand council of the Catholic Ladies' Re
lief ! Society convened in : this city s to-day
at : Pommers Hall ; ■ Mrs. > Carrie Berg sof
; Marysville; '■ the '4 grand president, fpresid
ing. s Delegates i are ■• present from Marys
ville and this ; city. / T&q_ jepprta will J>Q
submitted to-morrow. _ ; ■,--,•
DIVISIONS OF
THE SQUADRON
Commodores Watson and
Remy to Take Charge
of Them.
Great Activity Is Observed by
Blockaders Along the West,
Coast of Cuba.
Earth-works Thrown Up and Ap
parent Preparations Made Against
the Expected Invasion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KEY WEST, May 5.— A naval offl
cer of high rank told a correspondent
j to-night that the division of Admiral
Sampson's squadron already indicated
from Washington will, in all probabil
! ity, go into effect forthwith. Commo
; dore Watson will raise his flag on the
; cruiser Cincinnati and his command
I will include other cruisers and gun
| boats.
Commodore Remy, who will com
i mand the other division of the fleet
i Rear Admiral Sampson being com
! mander of both divisions — is expected
I here in a few days.
The censorship of dispatches here
I continues very strict. Captain Lyons
jof the gunboat Dolphin, which has
1 been cruising for eleven days along the
I western coast of Cuba, says there is
i great activity on shore throughout that
section, and especially at Bahia Honda,
Groups of Spaniards can be seen work
ing on improvised fortifications of all
kinds. Earthworks have been thrown i
up all along the coast and apparent
preparations against invasion are be
, ing made.
During her cruise the Dolphin held !
up eighteen vessels, all of which were
released except the Spanish fishing
schooner Leolo, which was sent in here
', the other day. The Dolphin had pre- I
viously taken the Leolo, but had re- !
'■ leased her on the captain's promise to !
!go inshore and remain there. Not long I
j afterward the Dolphin again found the '
■ Leolo cruising and apparently signal- !
ing Information to some one on shore, i
The Spaniard was then captured de- :
! spite the captain's protestations that j
J he was not signaling.
"LILLY" LANGTRY
LEAVES THE STAGE
Henceforth She Will Devote
Herself to Her Racing
Interests.
Will Launch Out on Such a Scale as
to Throw Many Competitors
Into the Shade.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 5.-A cable to the
Telegraph from London says: "Lilly"
Langtry will never be seen upon the stage
again. This statement Is made on the
basis of her own assertions, re-enforced
by the testimony of her friends. Hence
forth she will devote herself to her racing
interests, and she promises to become one
of the magnates of the English turf. She
has now put herself on record as stating
that she Intends to launch out on a scale
which will put the majority of her com
petitors in the shade. In order to do this
she has evolved an exceedingly ambitious
scheme. It will be remembered that she
has a ranch in Lake County, (Jal., which
is devoted to the breeding of horses. This
same ranch she intends shall in future
act as a feeder to her English stock. Her
present proposition is something to this
effect: She will send English stallions
to her ranch, and these will be mated
with American brood mares. The off
spring, after proper selection on our side
of the water, will be sent to England,
where the fair owner hopes they will win
for her a series of victories. A prelimi
nary experiment on the lines indicated
is through the medium of the stallion
Gold Finch, well known in British turf
circles. The stallion was sent to Ameri
ca not so long since and has already been
mated with half a dozen mares at the
C'aliforninn establishment.
Mrs. Langtry is now making arrange- i
ments to send three other famous stal
lions to America for the same purpose. I
Incidentally, the value of the California !
ranch, together with its stock, is, so I am j
told over a quarter of a million dollars,
which is a guarantee for the quality of
the animals to be found thereon. Mrs.
Langtry, when seen at her superb house,
Regal Lodge, Kentfoni, did not hesitate
to state her plans on the lines indicated. I
She added that she believed that the nual
ity of her ranch-bred stock was mainly
due to the grass of the region in which
they are raised, and she therefore pro
posed to import hay made from this grass
in large quantities.
FRUIT GROWERS
MEET AT ORANGE.
Thirty-fourth Annual Session of the
Pomological Society of South
ern California.
ORANGE, May s.— The thirty-fourth
semi-annual meeting of the Pomologieal
Society of Southern California was called
to order by President Abbott Kinney this
morning. The hall was neatly decorated.
The programme opened by an invocation
by the Rev. S. S. Fisk. The address of
welcome was delivered by Hiram Hamil
ton, during which he called to mind many
notable incidents connected with the his
tory of the society.
President Kinney made a very appro
priate response. The president appointed
the following committees: Resolutions—
Hiram Hamilton. S. K. Hemphill, S. Ar
mor; nominations— A. D. Bishop, D. Ed
son Smith, James Boyrl, Dr. W. B. Wall
and C. H. A. Goodwin; auditing— D. Ed
son Smith, C. P. Taft, James Fullerton.
At both morning and afternoon sessions
the cause of puffy oranges was discussed,
but nobody was able to give a remedy or
cause. D. Edson Smith of Santa Ana read
an able paper on waste in the orchard
and how to overcome it. C. P. Taft of
Orange, who has made a specialty of the
loquat, placed on exhibition a display of
this fruit, and read an interesting paper
upon "New Varieties of Fruit." Fred
Raffertf of Santa Ana read an Interesting
paper on "Floriculture."
A. D. Bishop said that It was the duty
of every horticulturist to grow green
manure.
Morgan's Canal Bill.
WASHINGTON, May s.— Senator Mor
gan to-day reintroduced his Nicaragua'
canal bill. It is in the main framed upon
the same principles as former bills, but
there arc several new provisions. One
of these authorizes the President to in
vest in the bonds or the canal company
the amount realized by the Government
in the Central Pacific and Union Pacific
sales. #
Contract for the Big Weir.
i SACRAMENTO, : May •, The .; auditing
board "to? the Commissioner -of Public
Works held a meeting this afternoon, at
which bids were opened for i the big weir
two ; and* a ■ half ' miles ■ above ~ Elkhorn on
the Sacramento River. The contract was
awarded ■to ■ C]arjs £ fsspxy. - fit '■ £tpckton
£v>r f2ijw» 31. ■; ... : "- '•
BLANCO OPENS
THE CONGRESS
Delivers an Address to
the Parliament of
Cuba.
In Bitter Words the Governor-
General Complains of the
United States.
Asserts That the Americans Sent
"Help" for the Furpose of In
creasing Existing Discords.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, May s.— The recently
lected Cuban Deputies assembled yes-
terday for the first time to effect or
ganization. Assembled in the hall in
addition to the members of Congress,
the colonial secretaries, etc., were Ad
miral Manterola, General Losado, the
civil and military anthorities, the
bishop, the foreign consuls and the
commanders and the officers of the
British cruiser Talbot and the French
cruiser Fulton, both of which are in
port. Besides the officers and officials,
there were present many representa
tives of the Spanish nobility, the lead
ing politicians of Havana and the rep
resentatives of the local and some of
the foreign newspapers. There were
also many ladies present.
The Captain-General was received
with the greatest respect as he entered
the hall, which was finely decorated.
j In the center of the hall on a platform
| was a big presidential table, under a
canopy, and right and left of it were
portraits of the little King of Spain
! and his mother, the Queen Regent.
General Blanco took up a position
! behind this table. At his right were
the members of the Colonial Govern
j ment and the Secretary-General of
■ Cuba. On his left stood Generals Par
rado, Pando and Solano. When all
j participants in the ceremony were in
j their places the Captain-General sa
; luted military fashion and read his
I message to Congress. General Blar.co
said in substance:
I take great pleasure in seeing the rep
resentatives of this island united here for
the rirst time. In spite of the fact that
the United States ha 3 tried to impede
the re-establishment of peace, Spain has
fulfilled her promise of introducing re
forms in Cuba, and was approaching a
: reconciliation and the ending of the war.
i But the United States, though speaking
of peace and autonomy, has tried to pre
vent us from bringing them about.
If the declaration of the United States
had been sincere its guns ought to be
saluting to-day the lirat Cuban Parlia
ment, instead of threatening the lives of
its members and proving herself so false
to their policy, ambitions and plans. Spain
has given the island all she is authorized
to do for the purpose of restoring peace,
and without any conditions. Tne autono
mist form of government established is as
ample as that of the British colonies, and
Spain has declared that it will be made
more ample still if such a course is Judged
to be necessary by the members of this
Congress.
Rigid customs and other rules were
abolished in order to heh> the reconcen
trados, the victims of the fight sustained
j by the United States. We admitted free
of duties the "help"' sent from America
sent for the purpose of increasing the ex
isting discords. In short, nothing has
I been left undone which might satisfy the
aspirations of the people, if compatible
with the national honor.
On the petition of his Holiness the Pope
I and the European powers hostilities were
suspended in order to treat for peace,
when, ignoring all this, the President of
the United States declared that the auton
omous form of government had turned
[ out to be a failure, when Parliament had
I not eyen assembled, and the patriots of
the I nlted States were excited by the
declaration that Spaniards caused the
Maine catastrophe, forgetting the gener
ous hospitality her sailors received here.
And now the United States is taking up
arms to impose its domination. Before
such an outrage Spaniards and Cubans
must unite to defend the fatherland, and
the reconcentration will be all the more
sacred in view of the actual circumstances
in the case. The defenders of Spain and
of the autonomy of Cuba all have Span
ish blood in their veins, or were born on
this soil.
All the new laws must be put In force
on July 1. Preference should be given
to the measures providing for public se
curity and the maintenance of the na
tional honor of Spain, the only country
which can protect the development of
this colony and bring about the forma
tion of a great country' united to the
old Castilian nation, and at the sametlme
be the mediator, in the new world, be
tween both continents.
When he had finished reading his
message Captain General Blanco
shouted "Viva Espana," which cheer
was responded to with considerable en
thusiasm. The captain general then
declared the Cuban Congress open and
administered the oath to the Depu
ties. He asked all of them if they
swore to always defend Spain, and was
answered with a spontaneous "yes."
At about 2:?" > m. - third salute of
fifteen guns from the fortress an
nounced the departure of the captain
general froi.i the hall, while a fourth
salute of fifteen guns announced his
return to the palace.
At the palace the captain general
from a balcony witnessed a march past
of the troops.
NOMINATIONS
ARE CONFIRMED.
Among the Appointments Approved
by the Senate Are a Number
of Army Officers.
WASHINGTON, May s.— The Senate in
executive session made the following con
firmations to-day: Luther B. Ellsworth
of Ohio, to be Consul at Porto Cebullo,
Venezuela.
O. C. Applegate of Klamath Falls, Ore.,
to be agent for the Indians of Klamath
Agency in Oregon.
Postmasters: California — Lillian W.
Thomas at Sausallto; John W. Short at
Fresno; William D. Ingram at Lincoln.
Washington— J. A. Benedict at Centralla.
Arizona— John G. Prltchard at Bisbee.
Also the nominations to brtgadier-gen
eralf* as sent to the Senate on Wednesday.
Lieutenant-Colonel Francis Weston,
assistant commissary-general of subsist
ence, to be commissary-general of sub
sistence, with the rank of colonel.
Captain Wells Willard, commissary of
subsistence, to be assistant commissary
generaJ of subsistence, with the rank of
lieutenant-colonel.
Captain Tasker Hayward Bliss, assist
ant commissary of subsistence, to be
commissary- of subsistence, with the rank
of major.
Harry L. Rogers to be paymaster, with
the rank of major, May 2, 1898.
Ensigns M. L. Miller, Lloyd H. Chand
ler, George N. Hayward and S. S. Hay
ward to be lieutenants, Junior grade.
The MeGettigan Case.
> VALLEJO, ■ May The Supreme Court
has affirmed the decision of the Superior
Court in the case of Solano County vs.
:E. McGettigan et al., ;an action to com
pel ' five Supervisors to pay back 1 into ; the
county j treas try moneys irregularly drawn
therefrom. V The error on their part was
purely a 1 technical one, but It seems there
Is 'no way by which ■. they ) can • escape . the
requirement of the law to pay the moneys
thus drawn. No contention ; was made
that i-Ue claims were. apt kjjaj, ' >J
TUG LEYDEN
LANDS ARMS
FOR CUBANS
Success of the Government
Expedition Sent to Meet
Insurgents.
Important Information Received,
but Not Without Encounters
With Patrolling Troops of
Spanish Cavalry.
Copyrighted. IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEST, Fla., May s.— lmportant
information regarding the Spanish
forces in Cuba was gained by the tug
Leyden's expedition which left here last
Monday. The details of this informa
tion I am not permitted to give, but I
can say that the expedition was suc
cessful in every sense.
Aside from Interviews with leaders
direct from the insurgents' camps a
large quantity of ammunition was
landed near Mariel and safely conveyed
by the insurgents into the interior.
Spanish cavalry made two attacks
while communication between the men
from the Leyden and the insurgent
leaders was in progress, uut the only
damage done was to the paint on the
Leyden's smokestack, which was struck
by bullets from Spanish rifles.
Baldamero Acosta, an insurgent chief,
j and five other Cubans were with the
! expedition. Three of them remained on
I land to gather information, while Gen
| eral Acosta and J. E. Gartaya returned
to Key West.
The tug effected a landing on Tues
day near Mariel, on the north coast of
Cuba, a few miles west of Havana,
where It had been arranged to meet
Colonel Perico Delgado of the insurgent
army and deliver to him dispatches to
' General Mayra Rodriguez, in command
j of the insurgent forces in Pinar del
Rio district.
General Acosta, Antonio Moria Leon,
Marcos Diaz and Alberto Guzman were
put ashore charged with the delivery
of the dispatches. The Leyden then
| steamed east along the coast under
j cover of the blockading fleet to a point
I near Cardenas, where General Donre
| ano Prado ajid Ambrosio Diaz went
' ashore. Everything went according to
I the prearranged plans. The insurgents
! in sufficient numbers to make a stand,
! who were in concealment afforded by
bushes, eluded the Spanish cavalry pa
trolling at some distance from the coast
line and joined the party landed at
Mariel.
When the Leyden returned there un
! der the cover of darkness on Tuesday
i night it was found that General Acosta
and his companions were in consulta
tion with Colonel Delgado, who is in
command of a brigade in that zone,
■■ and who had 100 insurgents with him.
Colonel Delgado went aboard the tug
soon after daylight Wednesday and
i the work of landing the freight and
ammunition on board the latter, con
sisting of 50,000 rounds and two boxes
of dynamite, was contin d. A few
boxes had been safely conveyed to the
THE POSTOFFICE
APPROPRIATION BILL
Now the Measure Carries No Pro
vision for a Free Rural
Delivery.
WASHINGTON. May s.— During al
most the entire session to-day the Sen
ate had under consideration the post
office appropriation bill. The measure
carries $99,224,300. being very much the
heaviest of all the appropriation bills.
The most important action taken upon
the measure was the adoption of an
amendment offered by Tlllman of South
Carolina reducing the number of deliv
eries of mail in all cities of the country
to a number not exceeding four each
day. The amendment was sharply an
tagonized as a blow to business Inter
ests in the large cities, but the feeling
of the Senate was such that, despite
: ADVERTISEMENTS.
Saskond¥tzebue
SOUND STEAMERS.
Johnson-Locke Mercantile Company, Agents,
"GOLD PICK LINE,"
609 MARKET STREET, SAN FRANCISCO,
Will dispatch the following first-class steamer: May 28th,
FOR KOTZEBUE SOUND, DUTCH HARBOR, NUNIVAK ISLAND, HOOPER'S
BAY. ST. MICHAEL AND DAWSON CITY.
The newly built triple expansion steamer,
"GRACE DOLLAR."
Upon arrival in ST.- MICHAEL passengers . for . DAWSON CITY will be trans-
ferred to the newly built, highly-powered river boats and barges "RIDEOUT,"
"GOLD STAR," "PINAFORE" and others. The "GRACE DOLLAR" then will
proceed without - delay to KOTZEBUE SOUND, where passengers will be disem-
barked and placed upon the river steamer "ARCTIC BIRD" and will be given free
passage-up the Putnam River as far as FORT COSMOS.
The Pacific Coast and Kotzebue Sound Transportation and Trading Company.
wi i also maintain at KOTZEBUE SOUND a warehouse.
Parties contemplating a trip to KOTZEBUE SOUND are strongly advised to
take passage on the "GRACE DOLLAR." She has a newly built triple expansion
engine for the highest power; her bows will be sheathed so as to permit her making
' her way through the breaking ice: and the "GRACE DOLLAR" without question,
will be the first vessel reaching KOTZEBUE SOUND this. year.
May 25th— JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE COMPANY. Agents,
Will dispatch for DUTCH HARBOR, NUNIVAK ISLAND, HOOPER'S BAY, ST.
MICHAEL and DAWSON CITY, the steamship ,
" TILLAMOOK,"
Connecting at ST. MICHAEL with the steamers "STAGHOUND." "GAMECOCK,"
* : . "CITY OF DAWSON" and other boats.
June Ist— JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE COMPANY, Agents,
Will dispatch for ST. MICHAEL, DAWSON • CITY and YUKON RIVER POINTS
: the magnificent* steamer •
"7WORG/YIN CITY, M
Capacity, 700 passengers and 2000 tons of freight. The "MORGAN CITY" connects
at ST. MICHAEL with the "GAME COCK," "STAGHOUND." "POWELL," "AL-
VISO," "RIDEOUT," "GOLD STAR" and "CLAN MACDONALD."
\ r / Sailings of three additional ocean steamers early In June will be announced by
us within a few days. ': * > - - ; ' ! • ■. • : . ' . .
,- Passenger and Freight Office, .
-■ : * JOHNSON- LOCKE MERCANTILE COMPANY,
603 Market Street, San ; Francisco. : ■/''• > 112 Yessler Way, Seattle.
; -^ -,-■'- - x ". 809 Home Insurance Bulling, Chlcagc\ :::■ r
shore when a comnany of Spanish cav
alry suddenly galloped into view, shoot
ing wildly and without effect. The in
surgents, hidden behind clumps of
bushes near the beach, returned the
fire. About twenty shots were ex
changed, the Spaniards retreating after
their first volley. This engagement took
place in full view of the tv" which
was anchored not more than 300 yards
away. After the Spaniards had dis
appeared Colonel Delgado. who had
left the tug and returned to shore, sig
naled to the Leyc' »n to land the rest of
the ammunition.
The continuation of this work was
deemed imprudent, however, at that
time by the o"^ers of the Leyden. who
feared a re-enforcement of the Spanish
company that had made the attack
just ended, and the Interception of the
insurgents before they could safely get
their boxes into the interior. The in
surgents were left to guard what had
already been landed, and the Leyden
steamed away to the west to meet the
Wilmington, which was blockading in
front of Morro Castle. It was about 8
in the forenoon wh^n the brush be
tween the Spanish cavalry and the in
surgents took place on the beach, and
five hours later when the T,pyden re
turned, followed by the Wilmington,
Colonel Delgado and his men were still
there, having remained concealed in
the bushes.
WTiile the Wilmington remained In
sight, no Spaniard was seen and the
gunboat returned to its station off
Morro Castle. When it was about three
miles away the Leyden resumed the
work of landing the cargo. The ammu
nition had all been conveyed to the
shore, when the Spaniards again ap
peared and began a fusillade with their
rifles, several shots striking the tugs.
Meanwhile the insurgents took to the
bushes and succeeded in escaping, the
tug seeming to be the main object of
the Spanish attack. Her smokestack is
indented and her ventilator perforated.
The Leyden carries only one small gun,
but during the morning some wooden
poles and a flagstaff were mounted on
the deck to resemble a cannon, and it is
believed the sudden flight of the Span
iards after firing one volley in the first
attack was caused by the impression
they received of the warlike qualities
of the Ledden, lying only a few yards
off shore, a mistake which they did not
discover for some hours.
Captain J. H. Dorst, of General Miles'
staff, was on the Leyden. He did not
go ashore, but had a long talk with Col
onel Delgado while the latter was on
board the tug. He brought back infor
mation, which I learn will have a
marked influence on the disposition of
our troops when the invasion of Cuba
is begun.
the vigorous opposition, It prevailed by
a decisive majority.
A lively debate was precipitated by
an amendment of the committee strik
ing out the appropriation of $500,000 for
rural free delievery. The proposition
was discussed for nearly two hours.
Chandler of New Hampshire and But
ler of North Carolina leading the fight
in favor of rural free delivery. By the
close vote of 22 to 25, however, the
committee was sustained and the bill
now carries no appropriation for such
delivery.
An important amendment to the bill
was one which will prevent star-route
contractors from subletting their con
tracts. In order to get their money
they must be able to swear that they
performed the service themselves.
bayed Prom an Awful Death.
SAN DIEGO, May s.— Joseph F. Stanley
of Bakersfield, who was reported recently
as having perished on the desert, is safe
at Yuma. He was found by J. M. Riddle
of this city and others and taken to Yuma.
34
SEVENTH REGIMENT
WILL DEPART TO-DAY
People of Los Angeles Will Give the
Guardsmen a Rousing Sendoff
While Leaving the City.
LOS ANGELES, May s.— The depart
ure of the Seventh Regiment to-mor
row win be char; (terized by one of the
gi ndest Impromptu demonstrations of
patriotic enthusiasm the people have
ever seen in California. Every feature
i of life in the city -will be represented
in a parade which is to be formed to
escort the companies of the Seventh
1 Regiment to the Southern Pacific depot
at River station.
Th<- procession will be made up as
f-i!l(i\vs: First will come the police
and a band. Following will be the City
Council, city officials, Merchants and
Manufacturers' Association, directors
of the ChamV--r of Commerce and
Board of Trade and citizens. Next will
com<> the Jonathan Club, and Just be
hind it will march 400 High School stu
dents. Troop D of the cavalry will
come nr-xt in the procession, and the
Americus Club of Pasadena will follow.
STRANGE THEORY
OF A SEAMAN
Captain Cox Thinks That
Dewey's Fleet Is
Bottled Up.
Believes the Vessels Cannot Get
Out Without Reducing the
Forts at the Entrance.
However, No Harm Is Llkeiy to Be
fall the American Sailors in
Manila Harbor.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
VICTORIA, 1.. C. 'lay 5.— Captain
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Which would you rath-
er' have, if you could have
your choice, transparent
skin or perfect features ?
All the world would
choose one wa-y; and you
can have it measurably.
If you use Pears' Soap
and live wholesomely
otherwise, you will have
the best complexion Na-
ture has for you.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people use it.
OFFICERS OF THE SEVENTH REGIMENT.
The G. A. R. and Veteran Reserve
Corps, under command of Captain John
J. G. Cox of this city, one of the most
prominent shipping men on the coast,
has an astounding theory to advance
in regard to the failure of Commodore
Dewey to report the news of his vic
tory over the Spaniards at Manila. It
■will be remembered, Captain Cox says,
that the American fleet arrived in the
harbor at Manila in the darkness. Get
ting past the formidable batteries on
the islands of Meriveles and Caballo,
which stand at the mouth of the har
bor, and the fortresses of Telago and
San Jose points o-n the north side and
Limbones on the south side, without
damage, they encountered no subma
rine mines, for it would be most diffi
cult to lay them there, the channel be
ing about 2400 feet deep and the tide a
very swift one.
After entering the harbor which,
save for about three miles of shoal in
front of the city proper, is free from
menaces, Dewey undoubtedly steame.i
toward the Spanish fleet, which would,
Captain Cox said, either engage the
squadron or run for shelter beneath the
guns in the smaller harbor of Cavite.
To Judge from the reports received
they must have adopted the former
plan with the disastrous results to the
Spanish already chronicled.
There is always a large flotilla of
merchantmen in the harbor and DeWey,
Captain Cox says, after returning from
the first engagement would undoubted
ly shelter behind these from the shells
of the forts while he repaired and re
turned to the attack. He would be
obliged to be ever moving to escape the
fire from any land batteries.
Captain Cox is of the opinion that
Dewey and his fleet will be obliged to
reduce the forts at the mouth of the
harbor ere he can get out, for until the
guns there are silenced they would
make frightful havoc should the fleet
attempt to leave the harbor. This is
the reason the news of the victory has
not reached Honr-kong, Captain Cox
Bays, notwithstanding the fact that
p< rt is but 650 miles away, for none of
th>> vessels are able to get out with the
news. Manila Harbor, Captain Cox
sayp. is very unsafe at this time, as the
munsoon season is about beginning.
Should storms arise now they would
add greatly to the peril of the American
fleet.
Describing the various fortifications,
Captain Cox says Cavite is a well con
structed fortress and nuite imposing in
appearance. It mounts a large number
of guns, but they are not of a very
modern type. Manila <s surrounded by
land batteries, which are intended,
however, more for land use than for
guard from attacks by sf»a, that work
being left to Cavite and the other forts.
Meriveles — or Corregidor, as it is some
times called — the island fort two miles
from the north shore at the mouth of
the harbor, is sixty-two feet high and
mounts ten guns, but. as at. Cavite,
these are not modern. Caballo, a small
island near by with a lighthouse, has
four guns.
The three fortresses on the north
shore are well fortified and carry a
large number of guns. These, as well
THE SA]ST FRAXCISCO CAI/L, FRIDAY, 31 AY 6, 1898.
1 Burns, will, be placed in an honorable
! position Just before the militia.
as the fort of Limbones Point and the
batteries extending along the south
shore to Cavite, could do much damage
ere silenced. Although Dewey is un
able, in his opinion, to come out at
present. Captain Cox does not think
the Am^rk-ans will meet with disaster,
as they will reduce the forts ere they
attempt to leave.
MEXICO FOR VERY
STRICT NEUTRALITY
No Freight Will Be Allowed to Leave
Vera Cruz for Any Block
aded Cuban Port.
MEXICO CITY. May s.— The Gov
ernment has given strict orders that
no freight of any nature shall be allow
ed to leave Vera Cruz for any block
COMMANDER J. J. BRICE, U. 8. N., the New Captain of the Yard
at Mare Island*
Chief Walter S. Moore has ordered
out the fire department, and that
branch of the city government will as
sist in making the demonstration a suc
cess. R. H. Herron has been designated
as grand marshal, and he has named
R. W. Pridham and John C. Cline as
his aids. All business in the city will
be suspended both in retail and whole
sale departments between the hours of
9 o'clock and noon.
The merchants of the city have vol
untarily taken it on themselves to raise
a fund for more completely outfitting
the regiment and to secure comforts
for members of the various companies.
The City Council held a special meet
ing to-day and adopted resolutions
complimenting the members of the
Seventh Regiment for their prompt re
sponse to the call of duty. The resolu
tions closed with these words:
"Resolved, As a response to the patri
otism thus evinced by these noble, sell
sacrificing citizens, who thus willingly
leave offices, stores and workshops at
duty's call, that we call upon the patri
otic citizens of our city to refrain from
their ordinary avocations during the
hours from 10 to 12 o'clock to-morrow
morning in order that an undivided ex
pression of farewell may be accorded
our local heroes; and be it further
"Resolved, That all departments of
the city government be closed from 10
to 12 o'clock of said date, and all offi
cials and employers are requested to
join in wishing the troops godspeed and
a safe return."
The resolutions were adopted by a
standing vote.
This evening at 6 o'clock a company
of the guard from San Diego. Captain
Richard M. Dodge commanding, ar
rived. The company marched from the
Santa Fe depot to the armory through
the main streets of the city. It was en
thusiastically applauded, and on every
hand a welcome was extended.
SPANISH SPIES
APPLY THE TORCH
BALTIMORE, May s.— The Ameri
can to-morrow will say: News reached
this city yesterday that an attempt
was made to destroy the Government
magazines at the Indian Head proving
grc-unds, on the Potomac River, twen
ty-five miles below Washington. A
huge pile of wood, containing thou
sands of cords, located near the maga
zines, were destroyed by fire of an in
cendiary origin last Tuesday night.
Several suspicious characters ha.ye
been seen about the neighborhood for
some time past, and it is believed that
a sjiv in the- emple-y of the Spanish
Government had something to do with
applying the torch.
aded port in Cuba, the order affecting
provisions collected by the Spaniards
to be sent to their army on that island.
Orders have also been issued forbidding
meetings in any part of the republic,
of either Spaniards or Americans, with
the object of raising funds for their
home Governments.
The strange and hostile attitude of a
section of the Liberal papers supposed
to be under Spanish influence excites
remark, but El Mundo and El Impar
cial, the .Liberal papers of the largest
circulation, refrain from mentioning
matters objectionable to the Americans.
Read the exceedingly interesting
story of Neptune's visit to the big
battle-ship Oregon when she crossed
the line lately, written by one of the
I officers, in next Sunday's Call.
WAR PLANS OF
THE PRESIDENT
Porto Rico Is to Be the
Next Point of At
tack.
Sampson Will Destroy the
Spanish Fleet if He
Meets It.
Secretary Alger Is Planning Now to
Lay a Cable to the Far
allones.
Bpecial Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 5.
It can be positively stated that the
Navy Department Is in complete Ignor
ance of the whereabouts of the Spanish
fleet. Various reports have located
these vessels at Cadiz, the Canaries,
off the Newfoundland coast and in mid
ocean, and it was determined to start
Captain Sampson out to look for them.
As nearly as can be ascertained the
argument made by the naval strategic
board was as follows: If it is true
that the vessels are heading for this
side they must be intercepted before
reaching their base of supplies at Porto
Rico, and therefore a naval engage
ment on the high seas would follow,
but if by the time Sampson reaches
Porto Rico it appears that the Spanish
fleet is yet anchored off the coast of
Spain the batteries of Porto Rico will
be bombarded, and the enemy's only
naval base on this side of the Atlantic
destroyed or occupied by our vessels.
The work of reducing the batteries will
not require all of Captain Sampson's
vessels, and it is believed that he has
orders to dispatch two or more of them
to the south to capture the cruiser and
war transport, Alfonso XIII, now at
Barbadoes.
If Spain's fle^t is now In mldocean,
as currently reported to-day, and head
ing for Porto Rico, a battle royal on
the high seas will be the result; but
if the vessels are yet on the other side
of the Atlantic news will be received
in a few days that Captain Sampson
is bombarding Porto Rican batteries,
so that, in any event, before the week
is out, or at latest, by Sunday or Mon
day, thrilling' news may be expected
from that part of the Atlantic.
Senator Burrows called at the Whit*
House to-day to present some friends
to the President. As he left he said:
"Everything is moving along smoothly
and well. What we want now is Porto
Rico. We ought to have that to-mor
row."
"Will It be as soon as that?"
"Yes," was the reply. "Probably in
a day or two."
While refraining from saying what
took place during his brief interview
with the President, his statement that
the seizure of Porto Rico is expected
to be effected in a day or two was
thought by his hearers to be signifi
cant, having been made immediately
after the Senator left tho President.
In addition to the war signal balloon
recently shipped to Staten Island from
Fort Logan, the department will pur
chase two other balloons to send with
Shafter's men to Cuba, These will be
used at the seized Cuban port. They
will be attached to a windlass and may
be readily elevated or lowered. By
means of strong field glasses a view
of the surrounding co-untry for a dis
tance of fifteen or twenty miles may
be taken, so that our soldiers will be
given early notice of the enemy's ap
proach. General Greely, chief signal
officer of the War Department, has
just completed a fine system of tele
graphic and telephonic communication
for the Atlantic seaboard as far south
as Fort Caswell, in addition to a tele
phone system for the field, so that the
various corps and divisions may com
municate easily with each other. He
will now turn his attention to the Pa
cific, and if, as reported in the dis
patches from San Francisco, a cable
can be laid from that city to the Far
allon Islands, twenty-eight miles from
the Go-lden Gate, for $35,000, this work
may be undertaken without awaiting
a special appropriation of Congress, as
there is a balance available out of the
amount set aside by Secretary Alger
for the signal service.
Jessie Ackennan relates some of
her most wonderful experiences in
dotting the great globe with W. C.
T. XT. missions in next Sunday's Call.
CHARLESTON IS
IN COMMISSION
AT MARE ISLAND
An Interesting Ceremony at the
Navy Yard in Which Sailors
Are Joined by Civilians.
VALLEJO, May s.— The United f
States cruiser Charleston was placed in
commission this morning at the navy
yard by Captain J. J. Brice, U. S. N.,
who has just, been assigned as captain
of the yard. As soon as the ship was j
turned over to Captain Henry Glass, j
U. S. N., the commander of the ship,
the Independence band, as the flags
were unfurled, played '"Hall Colum
bia" and other patriotic airs. Then
cheer upon cheer was given for the
flag, the Charleston, and lastly for the
commanding officer, Captain Henry
Glass.
The sight was stirring and had never
before been witnessed at Mare Island.
The officers, as well as the entire crew
and many civilians assembled on the
wharf, joined in the loud huzzas.
The band furnished more music, the
flags waved to the breeze, and soon the
crew, to the number of 280, were as
signed to watches and divisions, and
life aboard ship at once began. It will
be but a very short time before the
Charleston is loaded with coal, pro
visions, medical stores, ammunition
and all the appurtenances that go to
make up a great fighting machine ihat
will have no peer in Asiatic waters.
The officers who have so far been se
lected for the ship are well versed and
trained in the art of modern warfare,
and either In maneuvering a ship or
training a gun are equal to any emer
gency that might arise. The crew has
been selected with great care.
The cruiser baa during the past six
RALLY OF THE
VOLUNTEERS FOR
ACTIVE SERVICE
Regulars and Guardsmen on the
Coast Ready and Anxious
to Take the Field.
SEATTLE, May s.— Colonel Thomas
M. Anderson, Fourteenth ;* Infantry,
United States army, and Companies A
and F of the same command, .now. sta
tioned at Skag-uay, have been ordered
back to the States and will in all prob
ability be sent to "Vancouver. Barracks,
there to receive orders as to their ulti
mate destination. Colonel 5 Anderson
was on Wednesday appointed by the
President to be brigadier general of
volunteers. It is presumed that he will
be ordered into active service, to take
command of a brigade of mixed troops,
regulars and volunteer soldiers. Com
panies B and H of the Fourteenth will
remain at Dyea for some time yet, al
though it is stated by army officers re
cently returned from there that there
is practically no use for the troops at
either Skaguay or Dyea. The Eldridge
expedition over the Dalton trail to
Belleisle has been abandoned and the
men have been ordered to join their
comrades at Dyea.
Four companies of the Fourteenth In
fantry were ordered from Vancouver
Barracks last February to Dyea and
Skaguay, where the Federal authorities
were apparently unable to cope with
the lawless element that infested both
trails from Skaguay and Dyea over the
mountains to the lakes. Colonel An
derson went in command and has been
stationed at Dyea ever since.
SACRAMENTO, May 5.— has been
almost definitely settled that at least
two organizations of the National
Guard of California in this city will be
called into active service as volunteers
within a day or two. Troop B. cavalry,
will go prepared to be transferred into
a battery of heavy artillery. The volun
teers for the heavy battery from this
city this afternoon established camp at
Suiter's Fort preparatory to being
mustered into the volunteer service
Captain John 000k ™V eT J nntt t l nde *j!l c
putting up of the tents and other neces
?arv details. The camp win continue
Situ the men are regularly mustered
May 5. — Regimental
TO SUPPLY
THE CUBANS
Important War Measure
Is Passed by the
Senate.
Authorizing Army Officers to ,
Furnish Aid to the In
surgents.
Besides Oivlng Food to the Starving,
Troops on the Island May Distribute
Munitions of War.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 5.
Just before adjournment the Senate
passed an important war measure au
thorizing the President and general of
ficers of the army to supply the Cuban
insurgents with arms and munitions of
war and empowering officers of the
army serving in Cuba to supply needy
inhabitants of the island with medi
cines and subsistence. The text of the
bill follows:
Section I— That while serving in Cuba
during the existing war officers of the
army of the United States exercising sep
arate commands may, by special order,
cause subsistence, medical and quarter
master's supplies to be issued to and
weeks been almost entirely remodeled
and has all the up to date appliances
in electrical works and mode of work
ing her batteries. She is now lying at
the wharf in the dark gray color with
smoke issuing from the stacks, as the
engines are being turned and the elec
tric lights burned. The other night the
great searchlights were turned on
long after 10 o'clock and lit up the
buildings in Vallejo like ghostly ap
paritions.
WASHINGTON, May s.— Captain H.
Glass has been detached from the navy
yard at Mare Island, where he was in
command of the Pensacola, and as
signed to command "immediatel -•" the
Charleston. This cruiser is expected to
convoy the relief expedition to Commo
dore Dewey at Manila.
The following officers were ordered
to report immediately on board the
Charleston for duty:
Passed Assistant Surgeon A. Faren
holt. from the naval hospital at Mare
Island; Surgeon F. Rogers; Lieutenant
Commander Blocklinr^r, from Mare
Island: Lieutenant \V. S. Brauners
reuther, from Mare Island yard; Lieu
tenant P. M. Bostwick, from Mare
Island yard; Naval Cadet C. L. Leiper,
from the Franklin; Acting Carpenter
J. P. Gill, frdfci Mare Island jard; Na
val Cadet J. O. Bissell, from the Ver
mont; Lieutenant C. R. Slocum. from
the Patterson; Chief Engineer R. W.
Gait, from the Mare Island yard; Lieu
tenant R. E. Contz. from the Patter
son; Passed Assistant Engineer J. E.
McKenn, from the Albatross; Cadet A.
W. Marshall, from the Vermont
Stockton this afternoon a ajtoldoj
tents, poles, iron frames for silhouette
targets and other military necessities
arrived from Fresno on the Southern.
Pacific and were moved into a vacant
place under the armory. There are
two styles of silhouette targets. They
are of the shape and size of a man
aiming a gun standing up, and also
kneeling, and are designed to perfect
marksmen in shooting at real men in,
a pALO ALTO. May s.— Captain Jack
Erunton of the track team has an
nounced intention of enlisting and will
leave the university to-morrow to join
Company X, First Regiment, N. G. C.|
Brunton has had the war spirit for
some time, but has delayed enlisting
in the hope of making a cavalry troop,
being an expert horseman. The depar
ture of student volunteers to-day has
tened Brunton's decision and persuaded
him to join a company composed large
ly of fellow collegians.
SAN DIEGO, May s.— Company B,
Seventh Regiment, N. G. C, Captain,
Dodge, left at 1:45 p. m. for Los An
geles to join the regiment en route for
San Francisco, eighty-nine men being
taken. Immense enthusiasm was mani
fested. They wer<* escorted to the de
pot by the G. A. R. and Confederate
veterans and school children.
REDLANDS, May s.— The greatest
enthusiasm prevails at Redlands this
evening, preparatory to the departure
of volunteers, formerly Company C.
The city is profusely decorated and
anvils and cannon resound throughout
the city. The soldier boys leave at 6
o'clock* to-morrow morning. Elaborate
preparations have been made to see
them off. Of the 115 taking physical
examination eighty-four passed. All
are young and spirited and filled with,
patriotic enthusiasm. Captain Biggin
will command the company.
BAKERPFIELD. May f».— Company
Gis ready and awaiting orders. Or
ders are expected in the next twenty
four hours. Captain Cook has been
tendered the comn.ission of lieutenant
in the heavy artillery of California. He
has refused the offer, preferring to re
main commander of Company G, a po
sition he has occupied for the past six
years.
other aid rendered to the inhabitants of;
the Island of Cuba who are destitute
and in immediate danger of perishing un
less they receive thr s;imf.
Section 2 — That the President and gen-j
eral officers commanding: troops in Cuba'
art- hereby authorized to furnish to the
proper officers of the Cuban insurgents
such arms, ammunitions, equipments and
military stores and supplies as they may
require to render the services of that
army as ailies in the existing war avail
able, and may enlist not to succeed fifty ■■
for each brigade inhabitants of the lal-1
and of Cuba qualified to serve as inter- :
preters. guides, scouts and assistant^.
The bill was passed without debate.
TERRIBLE STORY
OF CANNIBALISM.
Fourteen Escaped Prisoners Attack a
Village, Killed and Eat Eighteen
Men.
BRISBANE, Queensland. May 5.— A
terrible story of cannibalism is reported
from New Guinea. Fourteen escaped
prisoners from Mana attacked a,
friendly village, killing and eating
eigthteen men.
El Liberal's Prediction.
MADRID May s.— El Liberal, in a
gloomy article, which states that "the
subterraneous rumblings ©receding so
cial upheaval," are heard, declares
that "the fate of the country cannot
remain longer with the weak hands
and worn-out intellects of the men now
governing the country."
SAVED
That word "saved" we all revere. We
thank with true feeling all those who
either protect or relieve u\from trouble. 1
What is there that bothers you to-day?
Nervousness. What brought it about?
Folly! That is the truth, and it does
you no good to conceal it. Unable to
perform any of the serious duties which
men have to accomplish, you are
ashamed of yourself at least half of the
time. That makes you nervous. Would
it not be a pleasant surprise to you to
find yourself changed
FROM
BEING
a weakling to feeling full of power — to
wake up a man — not to know that you
are a weakling? You have overworked
your brain ; you have put on some of
your functions too severe work. It may
be mental excess, and it may be other
kinds of foily. But no matter what it is,
"Hudyan" makes up for all the loss. It
has re-created 20,000 men. Is that good
news for you? You are not asked to
believe that statement without proof. If
you will send a postal card and ask, free
circulars and testimonials will be sent
you which will prove how great "Hudyan"
is. Why be
SMALL
Blood taint is cured swiftly and sure*
ly by "30 day blood cure." All stages of
the disease give way before it. It is a
permanent cure, too. Circulars about
it are as free as "Hudyan" testimony.
Medical advice is quite free, too. Call
at the Institute if you can. If you can-
not, write.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, ELLIS AND MARKET STS*
San Francisco, Cal.THREATENED BY A
FEARFUL EPIDEMIC
WATER AT
SACRAMENTO
POLLUTED
Rivers Filled With
Disease-Breeding
Filth.
Refuse From the Folsom
Prison Dumped Into
the American.
From This Floating Sewer the
Water Supply of the Capital
City Is Derived.
MUCH TYPHOID FEVER.
Already Thers Has Been a Startling
Mortality, but the Worst Has
Yet to Come.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, May s.— Frightful
possibilities are ahead of the people of
Sacramento. The horrors of war and
the terrors of famine are no more to
be dreaded than the ravages of a deadly
epidemic and that is exactly what con
fronts the residents of the capital city
to-day.
Already has there been a startling
mortality for the early spring; already
are numerous cases of typhoid fever re
ported, and if steps are not immediately
taken to the end of suspending the
; :it method of disposing of the
prison sewage at Folsom (which is done
by dumping it into the river, the death
rate for the coming summer and fall
will be frightful.
• Typhoid fever," said a prominent
physician to The Call correspondent,
"results from the introduction of a
specific poison into the system and is
due to the development of a specific
bacillus. It is not contagious, and the
poison appears to be communicated
by infection.
Continuing, the physician, who made
a special request not to have his name
mentioned, said: ' A ne water in the
river at high stages is bad enough, but
the thought of people drinking it when
the stream is sluggish and laden with
the filthy offal from the prison ami
other points along the American River
rs the situation a most revolting
one and causes one to shudder at the
contemplation of the awful consequen
ces which are sure to follow. Unless
something is done I predict the great
est death rate Sacramento has ever
known. The low stage of the river will
be the means, the defilement of the
water the cause."
The waters of the American River
jH.ur Into the Sacramento at a point
just beyond the northern limits of the
city, and just above the place where the
city takes its water for domestic pur
poses. That the exact situation might
be ascertained The Call correspondent
made a trip up the river from the
Twelfth-street bridge to the great dam
of the Folsom Electric Light and Power
Company. There is not a single avail
able space along the river banks, from
its mouth to the dam, a distance of
twenty miles, that is not used as a
dumping place for sewage and offal.
Pig pens, barn yards and closets by the
score are drained into the American
River. Dead animals in various stages
of decomposition can be found floating
toward the mouth of the great supply
pipe which furnishes the city of Sacfa
mento with its drinking water. In
numerable ditches from Chinese settle
ments pour their stenchful contents
into it, and at the town of Folsom, not
only does every drop of the village sew
age reach it, but the sewer, already
running full of offensive iiuid, serves a
thickly populated Chinatown as well.
But the prison furnishes the principal
source of the river's defilement. At
this point does the stomach sicken; at
this place is found the principal foun
tain of filth. Thousands of gallons
per minute of prison sewage finds its
way into the river at this point. The
pollution is so evident that for miles
One of the Many Pig Pens Lining the Banks of the American River. The Filth From These
Places Flows Directly to the River.
View of the Great Sewer at the Folsom Prison. Thousands of Gallons
Per Minute Flow Through This Main Into the River Below.
the water carries the stench of the
prison.
Just below the town of Folsom can
be found several pools of stagnant
water covered over with a green and
moldy scum, emitting odors that are
simply frightful. And yet, notwith
standing this, the school children of
Sacramento are compelled to drink this
water straight from the hydrant with
out the slightest attempt at filtration.
It is a shame, a sin, a crime, and the
people should be aroused to the enorm
ity of it.
Warden Aull has full knowledge of
the awful abuse, for in his last report
to the Governor he wrote:
For some years past the citizens of Sac
ramento City have complained serif" siy
against the emptying of prison sewage
Into the American River. The question
has been brought up many times, but no
attempt haa been made to remedy the
evil. In May last the- State Board of
Health served notice on the prison au
thorities, calling attention to the law and
demanding that some provision be made
to obviate this difficulty. It is clearly
witbia the province of the State §oard
of Health to regulate tlu-se matters, and
they having taken official notice of the
matter it becomes necessary to adopt
some other method of disposing of the
prison sewage. This will involve a pump
ing plant and pipe line to carry it out on
the farm, to be deodorized and used as
fertilizer. Before the meeting of the I^eg
islature an estimate will be prepared of
the cost of such a plant. The Legislature
should make the necessary appropriation
to prevent the further pollution of the
American River frmn this soure<\ While
it is true that Sacramento and other cities
are guilty .of the same offense against
the law, there is no excuse for State in
stitutions violating a plain provision of
the statute. They should at least set the
example of complying with the law, even
though cities and towns fail to do so. The
public health cannot be guarded too jeal
ously. It is in a enough to say that dan
ger is remote, as no epidemics have yet
orcurn d directly traceable to tins evil.
Epidemics have occurred in the past and
will again in the future, and it will be
too late to apply the remedy when a
scourge of this kind ia upon us.
Following out the suggestions of the
report Hon. Scott F. Ennis, one of the
Assemblymen from this county, intro
duced at the last session of the Legis
lature a biii which provided:
"That the sum of $15,000 should be
appropriated for the purpose of erect
ing a sewage pumping plant at the
State's Prison at Folsom."
Among the sections of the bill were
the following provisions:
Sec. 2. The State Board of Prison Di
rectors shall, witliin ninety days after the
ige ol this act, have prepared by a
cumpcttnt engineer, plans and specifica
tions for pumping the sewage from the
Folsom State prison into properly con
structed reservoirs, so as to prevent pol
lution of the American River. These plans
and specification? shall be submitted to
the State Board of Health for their ap
proval.
Sec. 3. As soon as the plans and speci
fications provided for by section two of
this act have been approved l>y the State
Board of Health the State Board of Pris
on Director? shall proceed without delay
to the erection of the sewage pumping
plant provided for in this act.
The measure was known as Assem
bly bill No. 132. It passed the As
sembly, but came to grief in the Sen
ate. There is no doubt but that an
other appeal will be made to the next
Legislature, but the question arises:
What are the people of Sacramento go
ing to do in the meantime?
The coming summer promises the
lowest river water mark ever reached.
With no current to carry these deadly
deposits away, they will accumulate in
enormous quantities in the bed of the
river, and when the first freshets of
fall come the entire amount so accum
ulated will be carried down the river
at one time, and the results will be
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 6, 1898.
fearful to contemplate. The peo
ple of Folsom are thoroughly alarmed
over the present outlook, and many are
preparing to leave for the summer, be
fore the epidemic, which is sure to
come, arrives.
The State Board of Health will no
doubt be called upon to take some steps
toward bettering the situation, and the
local authorities will, in all probabil
ity, be asked to co-operate to the sams
end. In the meantime the peo
ple of Sacramento will be living in
peril. The doctors of the city have ad
vised no one to drink water that is not
boiled and many are taking that pre
caution, but for the poor, who cannot
afford to buy ice to cool the water after
boiling, it is a very difficult practice
to pursue. Typhoid fever is a most
dreaded disease, however, and once the
people are aroused to the necessity of
complying with these sanitary meas
ures, discomforture and trouble will
not be taken into consideration.
RENEWAL OF
THE CONTEST
Fight Over the Estate Left
by George H. Parker
at San Jose.
The Widow of the Capitalist's
Son Tells How She Was
Injured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, May s.— The fight over
the $300,000 left by the late George H.
Parker began in earnest this morning.
A jury was secured yesterday after
noon, and when court convened this
morning Attorney Nicholas Bowden
made the opening statement for the
contestant.
Mrs. Emma L. Parker, the contest
ant, was the first witness. She testi
fied she married Edward L. Parker,
the testator's only son, in Hartford,
Conn., in 1573, and they had lived to
gether until her husband's death in
1593. Edward Parker was conducting
a shoe store in Hartford at that time.
She said they lived "together happily
until Jane Pomeroy, sister of George
H. Parker, took a dislike to her. Mrs.
Pomeroy then set her machinations to
work to separate witness and her hus
band. Mrs. Parker accused Mrs. Porn
eroy of writing to her father-in-law
and giving her (the witness) a bad rep
utation. She saiu Mrs. Pomeroy told
her if she did not leave Edward Par
ker she would make things uncomfort
able for her and that they would nevei
receive a cent from his father.
Witness also said undue influence
had been exercised over George H. Par
ker in the making of his will.
There were frequent interruptions by
objections from various attorneys. Mrs.
Parker had not finished her testimony
at adjournment.
The number of churches in Chicago has
grown from 157 in 1870 to 633.
PRESSING
ANNEXATION
OF HAWAII
Advocates Urge That
the Islands Are
Needed.
Would Push the Scheme
Through as a War
Measure.
It Is Claimed That the United
States Needs Honolulu as
a Coaling Station.
TREATY YET IN ABEYANCE.
Before Rushing Newlands' Resolution
Ratification of the Original Meas
ure to Bo Sought.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 5.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Immedi
ate action by Congress on the resolu-
I tion for the annexation of the Hawaiian
Islands is most earnestly desired by the
administration. Chairman Hitt of the
House Committee on Foreign Affairs
called a special meeting of the commit
tee to-day to consider the annexation
resolution introduced in the House by
Representative Newlands. The matter
was discussed in all its details, and it
was found that the resolution would
have an overwhelming majority in the
committee — twelve of the members be
ing in favor of it and only three
against it.
Final action was not taken at :\: \ to
day's meeting, however, for the reason
that it was thought that Commodore
Dewey's report of the situation at Ma
nila might render some change in the
form of the resolution desirable. Chair
man Hitt save notice that another
meeting of the committee would be
held on Tuesday next. Final action
on the resolution will then be taken,
and it will be reported to the House.
The present programme is to have it
taken up in the House and passed not
later than Thursday.
Strong arguments in favor of imme
diate action were advanced in the com
mittee this morning. It was contend
ed that the possession of the islands
was absolutely essential for war pur
poses at this time, and that whether
Congress acted or not, we might be
compelled to use Honolulu as a base
of supplies. The necessity of imme
diately reinforcing Commodore Dewey
and of sending: him enough troops to
enable him to hold the Philippine Isl
ands and maintain order among the
Spaniards and the natives was re
ferred to.
It was pointed out that his report
would probably Indicate the necessity
of immediately dispatching an /expedi
tion to Manila with troops and sup
plies. From San Fraioiscj to Manila
by the most direct rout* is about 7-500
miles. As any ships thai may be sent
out '.vculd be expected to travel at the
highest possible rat* <** speed they can
not economize in the ur.e cf coal. As
all the ships which will kg will he
l.eaviiy loaded with ammunition and
supr-'ies of all' kinds : for Commodore
Dc.vi'j-'s fleet and for the I.md forces,
it Will not be possible for t!i 3 m to- carry
more than their normal supply of coal.
If tiny are to rep ijnish their hunkers
en roite it must be done at Honolulu.
There is no other port in the bread ex
panse cf the Pacific whore coal can be
obta.r < d.
One of the first vessels that will be
sent will be the cralsor Charleston
With her maximum supply of coal on
boar! she would not be able to reach
Manila even at a ten-knot spo»'d. s?ho
will be expected to travel much faster
than this, and must necessarily replen
ish her bunkers at Honolulu. What
ever doubt may have existed as to the
etatufr of coal in time of war, the ac
lion 01 all the powers since the present
war broke out has clearly established
the principle that coal is contraband of
war, and that no neutral nation can
allow the vessels of -i beli;«rarens power
to take on coal except for ihe purpose
of pi- <eedlng to a lmne port, or to an
other neutral port.
Such vessels of the United States as
may coal at Honolulu will be destined
for a hostile expedition against Spain,
find should the Ha-vaiian 'Jovcrnment
Poinr..t them to ooal at Honolulu and
proofed from then? to Manila the ef
fctj% ur^er international law, as eslab-
Hshetl by the common action <"■£ civil
ize', nations in th" pr>-»»'t war. would
be to make Hawaii an ally of me Uni
ipi States • Th.\ only c>cripe:;sa«ion
Hawaii wants is annexation.
There will be no difficulty in getting
the annexation resolution through the
House. Practically the entire Repub
lican members and many of the Demo
crats will vote for it. When the Sen
ate will act cannot be foretold. ■ Before
taking up the annexation resolutions In
the Senate Chairman Davis and those
who stand with him in favor of , an
nexation of the islands will make one
more effort to secure ' the ratification
of the annexation treaty. ' .
BUNKOED BY A
SHREWD RASCAL
Expressman Burkhart of San Rafael
Has a Sad Experience With a
Confidence Man.
SAN RAFAEL, May s.— One of the
cleverest bunko games ever played la now
a matter of ancient history, and J. A.
Burkhart, the expressman, is left to
mourn. A man who grave his name as
T. J. Davis is the sharper on whose trail
Constable Traynor is now camping. Yes
terday Davis came to W. J. Miller, the
real estate agent, and said he wished to
rent a house and bring his family here
from Larkspur. Miller made arrange
ments to secure one of Attorney M. F.
Cochrane's cottages for Davis, who went
to Burkhart and asked him to go to Lark
spur at 4:30 a. m. to-day and bring his
belongings here. Burkhart did so and de
parted'without any breakfast, after lend
ing Davis $5 on his representation that
$20 would be paid for the express work,
Davis explaining: that his wife had all
his money. When Burkhart reached
Larkspur he sought everywhere for Mrs
Davis to give her a note from her hus
band, explaining that Burkhart must be
given his breakfast and $20. The note
was signed "Father." Mrs. Davis proved
to be a will-o'-the-wisp, and the express
man returned to San Rafael a madder
if not a wiser man. His bewilderment
and anger increased on reacu-ng home to
learn that Davis had gone to-Mrs. Burk
hart and secured $5 on an order from her
husband, evidently written in his sleep.
Davis was not to be found, and a war
rant was sworn out for his arrest and
placed in the hands of Constable Tray
nor, who is now searching for the wily
thief. Davis is a tall, heavy fellow, and
is said to have operated pretty thorough
ly throughout the State. He is supposed
to be now in San Francisco.
BRUTALITY TO
AN IMBECILE
San Rafael Woman Ac
cused of Fiendish
Cruelty.
Her Insane Brother the Victim
of Her Alleged Acts of
Persecution-
Charged With Seeking to Get Rid
of Him to Secure Hia In
heritance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, May s.— Mrs. Minnie
Lakln was arrested by Constable C.
Shepard to-day on a warrant sworn to
before Justice Rodden by Mrs. M. Gil
leran, charging her (IVfrs. Lakln) wlch
assault and battery. On the face
of It the affair would present
merely the aspect of an ordinary neigh
bor's quarrel, but when the facts lead-
Ing up to the arrest are investigated,
taking the evidence of the witnesses in
the case for the truth, there is revealed
a case of alleged fiendish cruelty by Che
woman to be arrested that is enough
to make one shudder — a case in which
a half-witted brother was starved,
beaten and kept closely confined in a
cellar for several years, on the alleged
ground that avaricious hands itched for
a sum of money comins: to him.
The unfortunate wretch is Thomas
■ Jamison, a brother of the workman
; who was killed by falling from the
partly completed Hall of Justice build
ing in San Francisco some time ago.
Mrs. Minnie Lakin is the man's sister
and is "taking care" of him for a cer
tain monthly sum. " seems that the
woman who caused the arrest, Mrs.
Gilleran, knew too much and talked too
little, the result of being an assault
upon her by Mrs. Lakin, and the is
suance of the warrant.
Mrs. Gilleran's story, which she as
serts will be told on the witness stand,
I and which witnesses will be compelled
Ito corroborate under oath, is as foi
i lows:
"For a number of years I lived on
Petaluma avenue, near Third street,
and next door to Mrs. Lakin. with
j whom I came to be very c hummy. The
brother under her charge, Thomas,
j was left about $25,000 a good while ago
'by an uncle. Mrs. Lakin received a
( like sum, and the other brother,
Jo h, who was killed, the same,
i Mrs. Lakin's treatment of this
half-witted brother, whose money
she has charge or, was some
thing frightful. He was kept locked in
a cellar under the house and nobody
ever saw him. I saw him twice in
these years and he was unkempt, un
shaven and hollow-cheeked. Moreover,
he was kept nearly starved. On one
occasion I saw him in the back yard,
as he managed to get out of his cellar
in f»me way, and he was eating
chicken-feed in a pan in the back yard.
His appearance was pitiable.
"Mrs. Lakin used to beat him se
verely. One night I was awakened by
hearing shrill howls of anguish, and,
throwing up my window, heard the
sound of heavy blows in the cellar op
posite. Between yells I heard Tom
brokenly plead, 'Oh, Minnie, do quit;
I won't do it again.' Th^ next d.n y T
told Mrs. Lakin 1 was going to see the
authorities and have the brutal trtcti
raent stopped. She talked to me for
a while and I told her she wanted the
poor fellow out of the way to get his
money. She said if H would keep still
and let her give him poison she would
see that I got money enough to make
me comfortable.
"A few days ago I went and told a
man the whole story. He made me
promise to keep still for two days
while he investigated the charges, but
in trying to learn things from the
neighbors he must have put the La
kins on their guard, for Mr. Lakin
was waiting for me as I went to work
in the. French laundry, on B street
early yesterday morning, and, showing
me a pistol, said he would blow my
brains out if I didn't keep quiet. To
day he came up here and abused me
before the other employes. I consulted
with my friends, and as Mrs. Lakin
had beaten me in my house on April 28
for talking I was afraid they would do
worse, and I have had her arrested.
"As God is my witness, this is true,
I and I will tell it all under oath."
The neighbors of Mrs. Lakin are
afraid to talk fur various reasons, but
enough can be learned to corroborate
Mrs. Oilleran's story in many particu
lars. Thomas Steward and his wife
lived by the Lakins for ten months.
I Mrs. Steward said:
"Durii~- all this time I never saw
this half-witted brother ttut once, and
then they had him bringing in a load
of lumber from the sidewalk — a load
so heav- he tottered under it. Rumors
of ill treatment have been current for
a 'nng time, and the man should have
been placed in an asylum."
Mr. Steward said he never saw the
poor brother in the whole ten months.
He understood the family had promise!
to take him out for exercise every
day.
Mrs. Agnew, who now lives near the
Lakin house, says he is never taken out
for exercise and was not even allowed
to take exercise in the back yard till
recently. Mrs. William Crane states
that on one occasion the man ran away,
hut when he got a few blocks from the
house he appeared to become dazed and
halted long- enough to be brought back
by the Lakins. At this time a beard
of about four months' growth covered
his face.
Mrs. Honeywell, another neighbor,
admitted the story of inhuman cruelty
had been in circulation for a long time,
but nobody seemed to care to take the
Initiative to stop it. One neighbor, Mrs.
Ring:, denied there was any truth in
the tale, but stultified herself by deny
ing that such a story was in circula
tion, which none of the neighbors cared
to deny. She is known to be an inti
mate friend of the accused.
It is needless to say the Lakins deny
the story in toto, but when the
case comes into court some sensational
evidence may be adduced.
AMERICAN MISSIONARIES
HAVE BEEN MASSACRED.
Further Outrage Committed by In-
surgents on the West Coast
of Africa.
FREETOWN. Sierra Loone. West Coast
of Africa. May s.— lt is reported that tr.c
insurgents engaged in the rebellion which
has grown out of the dissatisfaction with
the Hunt tax, and, as was announced yes
terday, had burned the headquarters of
the American missionaries at Shongay, in
the Sherboro district, have attacked and
destroyed the town of Rotifunk. It is
further said that the members of the
American mission, located in that place,
who were Sierra Leonians, have been mas
sacred.
Jessie Ackerman relates some of
her most wonderful experiences in
dotting the great globe with W. 0.
T. U. missions in next Sunday's Call.
CHRISTIANS AT
SAN RAFAEL
Forty - Fifth Quarterly
Convention of the En-
deavorers.
Delegations From the Golden
Gate Union Invade the
Marin Metropolis.
Interesting Services Held and Reports
Made at the Session of the Pres
byterian Cnurch.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, May s.— This city was
captured to-night by the Christian En
deavor army, 600 strong. An alarm
was sounded at 7:30 p. m., when the
train rolled into the broad gauge depot,
and soon the streets were crowded with
people eager to witness the invasion.
Singing gospel hymns, the delegations
from the various Sau Francisco
churches belonging to Golden Gate
Union marched four abreast in compa
nies to the new Presbyterian church at
E and Fifth streets. They were es
corted by the reception committee from
the local Congregational and Presby
terian churches, composed of Dr. Van
derlip, C. Mockler, A. Todd, Edward
Davenport, Henry Harrison and Miss
Clifford. The occasion was the forty
fifth quarterly convention of the Gold
en Gate Union of the Society of Chris
tian Endeavor.
Under the direction of the decoration
committee the church had been taste
fuliy decorated with Sowers, while
banners were placed in conspicuous po
sitions. The decoration committee was
composed of the following: Miss I.
Shaver, Miss M. Dollar, J. Elliott, A,
Taber, Stanley Dollar, Miss McKenzie,
E. Boyen and O. Jacobs.
Rev. Dr. Robert Mackenzie delivered
the address in his usual masterly style,
treating of the purposes of the Chris
tian Endeavor societies generally and
of the Golden Gate Union in particular.
Rev. "W. B. Noble gave a Scripture
reading and offered prayer, and Presi
dent J. S. Allen spoke eloquently on the
work accomplished by the union.
Reports were handed in by Miss J.
K. Partridge, recording secretary; Miss
H. L. Reynolds, corresponding secre
tary; W. Clark, treasurer, and by the
chairmen of all the standing commit
tees. They showed the union to be in
a flourishing condition financially and
to have accomplished much work un
der the banner of the peasant of Pales
tine for the last quarter. The praise
service was of an unusually fine order
and was led by J. J. Morris. Messrs.
Dufflcy and Vanderlip in addition sang
an offertory.
After the regular convention business
was closed and the president had made
the concluding remarks aji adjourn
ment was taken for the regular social
hour. /
All the delega*^ »n Joyed themselves
heartily. They departed for San Fran
cisco at a late hour by special train.
TO TAX SOME
CORPORATIONS
Democratic Amendment
to the 'War Revenue
Bill.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, May 5.
There Is little doubt from Senator
Wolcott's expressions in the Senate
I Finance Committee yesterday and the
fact that he did not sit with the Re
publican members to-day that he will
vote to eliminate the bond provision,
but it is understood he is not quite so
clear as to the support of a substi
tute.
The Republican members are dis
turbed over the discovery of his posi
tion and are considering how to best
repair the breach occasioned by his
probable deflection. They were not so
greatly surprised at Jones' position,
although they had hoped to be able
to secure his support of the measure
practically as it passed the House.
The proposition on which Senator
Woleott and Senator Jones of Nevada
voted with the Democrats in the Com
mittee on Finance yesterday was a dec
laration to the effect that the bill
should provide more than $100,000,000 in
revenue.
On this the two Western Senators
aligned themselves with the Democrats
and in opposition to the Republicans.
The delaration was construed by the
Republican members as in opposition
to the bond provision. 5
The Democratic members of the
Finance Committee held a conference
late this afternoon and agreed upon an
amendment they will offer to the bill,
imposing a tax of 1 per cent on the
revenues of certain corporations, in
cluding railroad, express, sleeping car,
telegraph and telephone j companies.
This probably is the only addition they
will suggest to the revenue portion of j
the bill, but it is probable that they
will also urge the coinage of j the sil- j
ver seigniorage in the treasury and the [
issuance of at least $150,000,000 in green- ;
backs. The seigniorage amounts to i
about $42,000,000, and the intention is !
to authorize the issuance of certificates |
for it, so as to secure immediate money '
and not wait upon the coinage of th*
silver. These certificates, with the
greenbacks, would give $192,000,000 of j
immediate cash, and the Democrats
think this would be sufficient for the
immediate wants of the Government. !
They believe that the tax they pro- j
pose on corporations would increase I
the regular revenues to the extent of
about $50,000,000 annually.
: '-.^- ■'-?'-■■'■ •'- /-;, "- ' ' . • ' " — -
Stricken With Apoplexy.
WOODLAND, May 5.— F. ET. Baker, one
of the leading lawyers of Northern Call- '
fornia, suffered a stroke of apoplexy last
evening and is thought to be dying.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cold Cnre cures colds in the head, colds on the
lutigi, old colds, new colds and obstinate colds, and
ill lorrus of crip. Stops Fneezlnc, discharges from
the noso and eys, prevents catarrh, diphtheria,
pneumonia, and all thnatand lt'.ng troubles. These
pleasant liuie pellets are ahrolutely harmless, have
saved thousands of livos and prevented much siclc-
noss. The .Kunyon Henucily Company prepare %
separate cure for each disease. At all druggists—
'Vj cents a vial. If you need medical advice write
Prof. Muiiyon, 1505 Arch Street, Philadelphia. It la
absolutely freet |-• , /7~\ ■ ,
MYSTERY NOT
YET CLEARED
Cause of the Santa Cruz
Powder Explosion
Unknown.
So the Coroner's Jury Declares
in Its Verdict on the Re
mains of the Victims.
Three of the Mangled Bodies M*y
Continue to Be Classed as Those
of Spies.
Special Dispatch to The CalL " 1
SANTA CRUZ, May s.— This after
| noon the Coroner's jury rendered the
■ following verdict in the powder explo
| sion case: "Cause of the explosion un
| known. Number of lives lost twelve.
; Bodies of Ed Gillersr and Guy Fagen
j identified. Bodies accounted for but un-
I identified eight. Unaccounted for bodies
[ three. We further find that no blame
j can be attached to the managers of the
i California Powder Works for the ex
j plosion, and absolutely have no reason
. to believe the same was caused by de
! sign."
The verdict still leaves the mystery
surrounding three bodies as deep as
ever. At the inquest to-day George
Hannah and W. Huntington Jr. testi
fied to seeing Edward S. Holway, prin
cipal of the Soquel public school, and
his brother at the works three-quartera
of an hour before the explosion.
W. C. Peyton, the assistant superin
tendent, who was in San Francisco,
could give no reason for the explosion.
He said that fire had been known to
break out in gun-cotton. He was at a
loss to explain the detonation, for
smokeless powder burns in layers,
which communicates with other sub
stances. One explosion was from two
cans of nitro-glycerine which were
found out of one of the mills when the
fire reached it. The first explosion was
in a small dryer. Ten thousand pounds
of gun-cotton and twelve thousand
pounds of finished smokeless powder
and two smokeless mills were burned
without an explosion.
Peyton gave it as his opinion that
but ten men were killed as no one had
as yet reported any persons missing.
He thought the remains of one body
might be counted as two bodies.
Coroner Clark introduced fragments
of the thirteenth and gave an ana
tomical lecture on them. He believes
thirteen lives were lost.
Peyton said that the floors of the
mills were cleaned several times a day,
so that no danger from a contact of
metallic substance with dust on tha
floor might result.
No more boys will be employed at the
works for the present. There are fifty
there now, and it is considered they
are better than men for certain lines
of work. As a result of the recent ex
plosion it is doubtful if the dryers will
be rebuilt, as gun-cotton is to be dried
by a new process. The powder com
pany was always opposed to dryers,
but as the Department of Ordnance in
sisted that the drying should be done
in a certain way the company had to
follow instructions. The drying will be
done through a mixture of water and
alcohol, which will greatly lessen the
danger.
The average speed of a carrier pigeon
in calm weather is 1120 yards per minute.
With a strong wind in the direction of
flight, some pigeons have made 1980 yards
a minute.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A TRAVELING MAN.
Gives Some Valuable Hints Regard*
ing the Care of the Health.
While Traveling.
Mr. R. W. Wincherdon, a commer-
| cial traveler from Birmingham, whosa
business keeps him almost constantly
lon the road.- relates in the Sunday
: News the dangers to health resulting
i from constant change of residence and
the way he overcame the usual injuri-
ous effects.
He says: One thing people traveling
cannot very well avoid is the constant
change in water and food; the stomach
; never has an opportunity to becoma
i accustomed to anything and in a few
years or much sooner the average trav-
eling man becomes a hopeless dyspeptic.
For several years I suffered more or
less from indigestion, sour stomachs,
headaches, distaste for food, often no
! appetite, gas on the stomach and the
j usual unpleasant effects of imperfect
j digestion.
Nearly every traveling man has his
j favorite remedy for different troubles)
1 and I tried all of them with indifferent
f results. Finally on the train between
' Pittsburg and Philadelphia one day, I
! overheard a conversation between two
I ladies, one of whom had suffered se—
i verely from indieestion and stated she
, had been completely cured by a remedy
i which she called Stuart's Dyspepsia
! Tablets; I remembered the conversa-;
j tion because it directly Interested me.
and at the next town I Inquired at tha .
first drug store und bought a package
for 50 cents, and from that day to this
I have never been without them. They
are pleasant tasting tablets, not a se-
cret patent medicine, but composed of
vegetable essences, pure pepsin, fruit
salts and Golden Seal; being in tablet
form they never lose their good quali-
ties like a liquid medicine would, but
are always fresh and ready for use.
I carry a box in my pocket continu-
ally, and whenever I see any symp-
toms of indigestion I take one, also one
after each meal, and for a year and a
half I have not lost a day by reason of.
poor health and can eat anything and
relish what I eat; my digestion Is ab-
solutely perfect as far as I can judge
from my feelings, and although there
may be other stomach rr.edicines Just
as good as Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
I do not know what they are. Certainly
for people who travel they are far
ahead of any liquid medicine, as they
are so convenient, they can be carried
in the pocket and used whenever
needed.
I believe they are sold by.all drug-
gists at 50 cents, and believe any one
who will try them will agree with me,
that for indigestion and stomach
trouble Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are
unequaled.
tvwt DR. JORDAN'S Gr.«t
jftlL Museum of Anatomy
||a|B\ . icsis:AS2srsT.bet.6ti*7th l S.T.
■ « I The Largest of Its kind Id tin World.
i^^\ DR. JORDAN— Diseases.
\ ■ Con.ult»:ioo free. Writ* for E»ok
Wfi Phlfosophy^f * Marriage.
O O . . MAILED "EC
T <rJifS3ESii?ri^it i ITT Bis ** is ' ncn-polsonon» ,
•S'ViESffiss^^&teli remedy for Oonorrhtea, '
yafIHrCCKEb^H U ;U '? t< Spermatorrhoea,
Ag&sjria ] to 5 ■!»?«- ttl " bites, unnatural dig.
JMIW Ou»r»nieea fg charges, or any inflamma-
BM not to atrietore. tion. irritation or ulcera- '
jni <BPr«ven» eonuglon. tlon of mucous mem* j -
ITrSmTHEEVAW3 CHEM!ni!.flo. Cranes- Non-astringent. "I
I^»LCiNCINNATI,O EM Sold by »ru i»t-, j
T*aß&; 0.11 .J— or Beat !q plain wrapper, ,
?*WMtra>_ - Jrf&TTO by expreee, prepaid, for
<'2^^^Hi9v^ 0 M V.- 00 ' or 3 bottlei, |3.75. -
•* ■ Circular iiat on r«<juo»», -
(
56
FRIDAY .MAY 6, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1568.
(EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week.. By mail $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL On« y«ar. by mall, $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
tSEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Riggs House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 287 Hayes street, «oen until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "The Purser "
ColumWa— "A Secret Warrant."
California— "A Texas Steer."
Aicazar— "The Gay Parisians- "
Morosco'B— "Hearts of Sew York."
Tlvoli— "Wang."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Sherman. Clay Hall— Paoma Schramm, to-nl*ht.
The Chntes-Zoo, Vaudeville, and "African Lion Hunt"
Olympia— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Central Park— Dog- and Pony Show.
Sutro B:uhs — Swimming.
El Campo— Music, dancinsr boatlnr. flßhlny, every Sunday,
California Jockey Cub, Oakland— Racea.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Butterfield-Thls day. May 6, Furniture, at
665 Golden Gate avenue, at 11 o'clock
By G. H. Umbsen & Co.— Monday, M.iy 9, Real Estate, at 14
Montgomery street, at 12 o'clock.
IS HE A LORD MAYOR?
DR. J. H. STALLARD, M. 8., Lond., in a
recent communication to The Call, declared
that the Mayor of the proposed new charter
will be a "veritable Czar." The doctor apparently
repudiates the notion that this official is properly de
scribed when the term "Lord Mayor" is applied to
him. He says the Lord Mayors of Birmingham,
Dublin and Belfast are serfs compared to him — mere
creatures of the government without special author
ity to influence legislation or control finance. On
the other hand, the proposed Mayor of San Fran
cisco is an uncrowned king. Dr. Stallard says:
"He is authorized to initiate new policies and to
veto legislation, to cut down appropriations, to re
fuse the ratification of contracts, to reject items of
account, and besides his legislative functions he will
have discretionary power to appoint and remove the
officials who constitute the real government. More
over, he is authorized to suspend the very elected of
the people. He appoints and will control the elec
tion officers and is practically responsible for an
honest counting of the votes. He and his ministers
will have charge of all the city property, parks,
schools and public buildings. They will control 83
per cent of the entire expenditures of the city govern
ment. Of this two millions and a half will have the
form of patronage with a certain future increase, es
pecially in the Department of Public Works. He is
also given power to influence appointments in the
lower ranks. The Commissioners of Civil Service
are servants either for good or evil."
Is or is not this in accordance with the facts? We
have already called attention to the subject without
eliciting a reply from any of the ex-Freeholders or
other friends of the proposed charter. Is it under
stood that nothing is going to be said concerning the
powers of the extraordinary official described by Dr.
Stallard? Is it assumed that a "Czar" is the kind of
Mayor we need, and that there is no occasion to dis
cuss the question whether or not it is a good idea to
set up such a political despot in our midst?
We think the ex-Freeholders are in duty bound to
point out to the people the precedents upon which
they have relied in the creation of this Mayor.
Whence have they taken his model? Let us know
all the fact 3 before the vote is had. We assume that
the ex-Freeholders are interested in the future of the
city and that they are as loath as anybody to estab
lish in it a political monarchy. Why, then, do they
not come forward and refute Dr. Stallard's asser
tions? It has now been over a week since his com
munication was published.
NEED FOR A FARfILLON CfIBLE.
THE necessity for cable connection with the
Farallon Islands will impress many now who in
time of peace would not have given the sub
ject a thought. If there is the slightest danger of
a hostile vessel's approaching this coast the fact
that its coming could be detected from the
islands long before it could from the lookout points
about Golden Gate is too important to be ignored.
But there are other reasons for having a cable.
There is much difficulty in forecasting the weather
here. Of what air currents may be on the way from
the west over the Pacific the signal officer knows
nothing. He is handicapped oy a chronic lack of data.
In a measure his forecast must be a guess. The moun
tains of fog which drift in also serve to make his
task more uncertain. With a cable to the Farallones
the State would be benefited by more complete and
accurate prognostications. This would be a distinct
gain to farming, shipping and general commercial in
terests. The islands are far enough away to be out
side the fog belt, and fairly subject to such climatic
conditions as would afford the signal service a basis
from which to work.
It is to be hoped the present plan for securing the
cable will not lag. Compared to the advantages to
be reaped, the cost is too trifling a matter to be con
sidered. The plan is one appealing particularly to
the organizations having for their purpose the bet
terment of trade. An appeal from the Chamber of
Commerce would have great weight with the author
ities at Washington. To formulate such an appeal
without delay would be a wise measure. And as there
is always some delay owing to necessary official for
malities even after a decision has been reached, the
desirability of prompt action on the part of San Fran
cisco is apparent.
There is little reason for terming Weyler a "Span
ish Boulanger." He does not even possess the
proper brand of whiskers.
It is a melancholy coincidence that of the two Gov
ernors, one burned in effigy and the other hanged,
fcoth arc Populists.
THE EXPLANATORY MAGUIRE.
JUDGE MAGUIRE is a member of Congress.
It is true that he is a candidate for the governor
ship also, and in this dual character, holding on
to one office and reaching for another, he affects to
believe that critisism of him as a member of Con
gress is caused by his candidacy for the governor
ship. He attributes all such criticism to "the rail
road" and presents himself as a martyr to the oc
topus.
Now, we are not concerned about Maguire's can
didacy for the governorship, and we will admit that
as an anti-railroad person he is fully up to the stan
dard of his daily organ, the Examiner. What does
concern us is his expression and conduct as a mem
ber of Congress from California and a citizen of the
United States.
After the Spanish Minister demanded his passports
and left the country under instructions from his Gov
ernment, and after the American Minister at Madrid
had been handed his and he had been hooted and
stoned across the Spanish frontier, our navy, with
Key West as a base, seized as prizes Spanish mer
chant ships, some of them on their way to Havana
and others bound to other ports.
In an idle moment Judge Maguire said that taking
these prizes was piracy, and therefore our naval offi
cers became pirates, though they may have been pre
venting the victualing and arming of Havana.
It was easy for the Judge to say this, but hard for
him to see it in print When he said it his weekly
organ here, the Star, which is the ever faithful mir
ror that reflects him jn all his phases, said: "Repre
sentative Maguire regards the seizure of the Buena
Ventura and some five or six other Spanish vessels
prior to the declaration of war on April 25 as an act
of piracy, as to which he is probably correct."
Maguire's readiness to criticize his own Govern
ment, even to the extent of classing our naval offi
cers with pirates, met ready and approving response,
therefore, from his leading supporter here. The only
interest in his opinion arises from the fact that he is
a member of Congress, and as such voted for the
most, extreme war propositions, including recognition
of the Cuban insurgent government and validation
of its bonds and blanket mortgage on the island.
Under such circumstances his denunciation of prize
taking as piracy was sure to attract attention, and
when it did he forwarded to his daily organ, the
Examiner, what he intended as a denial of the ex
pression which his weekly organ had indorsed.
It being charged that he said the seizure of Span
ish merchantmen prior to April 25 was piracy, he re
plies in the Examiner to this effect:
"My attention has been called to an alleged state
ment by me concerning the seizure of the Spanish
merchant ship Buena Ventura by our navy as fol
lows: '/ consider this act and the other seizures up
to this time nothing more than piracy.'' 1
Observe now that "up to this time" was up to
April 25. The explanation continues:
"I made no speech on the subject at all, and I
mide no such statement, either publicly or privately,
and entertained no such opinion. I passed no criti
cism whatever upon the action of the naval authori
ties or the administration in seizing and detaining
Spanish merchant ships."
That is a positive denial. He says: "I made no
such statement and entertained no such opinion."
Then follows his own version of what he did say and
of the opinion he did entertain:
"Believing that as our Government is not bound
by international law, except in so far as it chooses to
observe it, and the retroactive clause in the act in
question would put our Government in the position
of passing a law for the purpose of confiscating ships
and their cargoes, I said that such an act would
lower the moral plane of humanity and liberty on
which we were conducting the war and would place
our country before the world in the position of
seizing and confiscating a few merchant ships under
conditions condemned by the treaty of Paris as no
better than piracy."
We submit that the most rabid "railroad" paper
in California could not place him in any worse po
sition than he puts himself in.
He was accused of saying that the seizures were
"nothing more than piracy" ; he denies saying "arty
such thing"" and admits that he said they were "ho
better than piracy." It is hardly the difference be
tween "How are you, Gallagher?" and "Gallagher,
how are you?"
Judge Maguire is either ignorant of the force of
language or thinks others are or he would not play
such an obvious fluke. Let it be put so plainly that
the most obtuse can see it — he denies saying the
seizures were "nothing more than" piracy, and ad
mits saying that they were "no better than" piracy.
In the denied form our naval officers would be
"nothing more than" pirates; in the admitted form
they would be "no better than" pirates.
These are Red Cross days, and perhaps in a spirit
of mercy we should leave Judge Maguire to the
oblivion into which he has talked himself. But may
we not suggest that he is not always aware of the
force and meaning of terms?
In his speech at the Henry George memorial serv
ices in this city last year he said: "Great problems
affecting mankind had remained unsolved before the
coming of Henry George. Before his day professors,
philosophers and publicists had proposed to cut the
Gordian knot with pools of blood."
The habit of expression which can cut things with
pools of blood, and probably whet them first on a
bar of soft soap, is all that can be pleaded for his
latest performance. It is important merely as the
unconscious betrayal of a mood of mind inimical to
the purposes of his country.
Three police officers are to explain to the commis
sion the particulars of a disgraceful fight in which
they were recently engaged. This calls to mind the
fact that four police officers have yet to explain a
disgraceful flight in which they were recently en
gaged. Chief Lees may have forgotten the incident,
but the public has not.
Chaska, the Indian gentleman who has just com
mitted suicide, would have saved himself much
trouble if he had performed this thoughtful act be
fore he married Cora Belle Fellows. His sorrows
began right then.
The Eclair says that commercial Europe could not
tolerate the capture of Las Palmas. Perhaps this is
a serious matter, but there is no general understand
ing that commercial Europe has been asked to toler
ate anything.
It is to be hoped that the tendency of spies to get
aboard our warships will be discouraged. At least
their treatment should be such as to make them rate
as very poor insurance risks.
General Blanco is rash to be wearing his most
gaudy uniform just now. When a Folsom convict is
forced to put on a scarlet shirt it is so be can be
utilized as a target.
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAT 6, 1898.
RACE TROCK GAMBLING.
ACCORDING to the evidence so far adduced
the scandal in the County Clerk's office ap
pears to be an insignificant affair. None of the
public money has been stolen. It is alleged that one
of the clerks has sold his warrant for a single month
to four different brokers, thus defrauding three of
them. The suit brought by Mayor Phelan by which
the salaries of the Deputy County Clerks were
stopped enabled him to do this. He took advantage
of the situation to defraud the warrant shavers — a
class of financiers who are the constant prey of the
tax eaters.
Probably the public, seeing that it loses nothing,
will not take much interest in the scandal. But the
moral which it points should receive more attention
than is likely to be given to it. Deputy County Clerk
Piper hypothecated his salary warrant four times in
order to procure money with which to "play the
races." Had there been no races to fire his ambition
to get rich by gambling he would never have de
frauded the warrant brokers. Internal Revenue Col
lector Welburn and his deputy, Norton, embezzled
the funds placed in their hands for the same reason.
They wanted money to bet on the races.
Theodore Figel was also animated by a desire to
acquire wealth by the easy and exciting process of
putting it on the right horse. Behind the scrape
from which he extricated himself only after a des
perate struggle in the courts there stalked the specter
of a horse race. Much of the money embezzled by
Treasurer Widber went the same way. He used the
accumulations of the taxpayers to buy fast horses,
and had he been let alone a while longer no doubt
the city would have finally found itself the owner of
a promising stable. It might ultimately have suc
ceeded Widber as manager of the "string," and, with
Mayor Phelan as manipulator, have gone regularly
into the business of "promoting" the development
of thoroughbreds. The Mayor, being a "hefter,"
would make an ideal handicapper.
The question which seems to us to be uppermost
at the present time is, Have not the people of San
Francisco had a sufficiency of race track gambling?
The number of fools who think they can get rich at
it seems to be limitless. Pools are sold to them out
side the race track without hindrance. There ap
pears to be no way of protecting them other than
the suppression of horse racing, except for brief pe
riods at agricultural fairs or under the auspices of
private individuals. The incorporation of race track
gambling and its prosecution as a business bids fair
to make out of the young men of the city a com
munity of gamblers, embezzlers and defaulters. Is
it not about time that a stop were put to it?
TOURISTS COMING WEST.
LETTERS received by the manager of the State
Board of Trade from Eastern correspondents
asking information concerning the various sum
mer resorts of California are reported to be suffi
ciently numerous to justify the conclusion that a much
larger number of tourists will visit the State this sea
son than ever before. It promises to be, in fact, a
boom year for the tourist hotels and for all places in
the State having attractions for holiday visitors.
The cause of the increased interest in California
on the part of the Easterners is of course due to the
war. A large proportion of the Eastern pleasure
seekers who generally go to Europe during the sum
mer will prefer this year to come West and see some
thing of their own country rather than take the risk
of such dangers or inconveniences at least as the men
ace of war imposes on all Americans who cross the
ocean. This conclusion drawn from the conditions
of the situation is confirmed by letters from many of
the correspondents, who frankly state that the in
tention to take their holiday in the West this year is
due to a fear of the existing war and the possibility
of its spreading.
If the increase in the tourist travel to the State is
anything as large as is expected from the present out
look it may be-classed among the benefits the nation
will gain from the war. The annual exodus of Amer
ican pleasure-seekers to Europe is an evil of no slight
magnitude. It not only carries abroad vast sums of
money, but it leads an increasing number of Ameri
cans to look to Europe for the gratification of their
intellectual and esthetic tastes rather than to their
own country, and in that way, while building up for
eign pleasure resorts and promoting foreign art and
manufactures of articles of luxury, it diminishes to
a corresponding extent the growth and development
of our own.
Tourist travel is mainly a matter of fashion. The
great mass of pleasure-seekers follow a route that has
been marked out for them by those who have gone
before. The tourist track has been almost literally
established across Europe like a highway, and the
traveler can as readily distinguish when he is in it or
out of it as one can determine in any particular lo
cality whether he is on the main thoroughfare or a
byway.
This being so, the importance of once turning
American tourist travel Westward can be readily seen.
Descriptions of the wonders and the climatic charms
of California given by Eastern tourists to their friends
on their return home will incline many of those
friends to come West themselves next year. Thus the
gain from the increased travel caused by the war
may prove to be a permanent benefit to the country
in many ways. If the money now expended by Amer
icans every summer in Europe for pleasure and for
art should be in any considerable measure expended
on the Pacific Coast our advance in the production of
means for all forms of esthetic enjoyment would be
rapid, and with that would come also an advance in
wealth and general prosperity.
While awaiting news from Dewey some of the yel
low journalshave beenpublishingaccountsof the fear
ful slaughter of the men aboard his ships. There could
be no excuse for this act of cruelty. If a correspon
dent must lie, let him lie cheeringly. It is just as
easy, and probably the truth will be somber enough.
Still the Railroad Commissioners have not asked
Mr. Huntington about the money his company has
paid to the Examiner. Aside from the duty of fur
nishing the public with information to which it has a
right, the witness might remember that the Examiner
is not exerting itself to protect him.
There seems to be a disposition to regard the ac
tion of a public official in hypothecating his salary
warrant to four different brokers as a private mat
ter concerning him and them. If this is true the
Grand Jury ought to be abolished as a piece of un
warrantable impertinence.
If coast troops are to be sent to Manila the Red
Cross people will find the additional necessity of fit
ting out a sanitary ship among their duties.
Weyler is a traitor, and that his own country does
not execute him shows that "laxness of discipline"
prevails to a certain extent in Spain.
SPECIAL FEATURES IN
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
A MODEL PAPER,
FULL OF INTEREST
AND
UP TO DATE.
Do you know that our splendid bat
tle-ship Oregon recently passed through
a very novel experience? Of course
you don't unless you have seen a let
ter that one of the officers recently sent
to his son. The letter was written
since the vessel left this port a few
weeks ago on her way to join the At
lantic squadron, and has just been de-
livered. Of course the information in
the letter has not yet been given to the
I Government officers, but it will be in a
j few days. This letter tells how the
■ big battle-ship was actually held up at
j sea by Neptune and his wife, Amphi
■ trite. His jolly followers attended on
aboard and after securing the captain
compelled the crew to do their bid
ding. However, all survived to tell
the tale of their wonderful experience,
and if you want to know just what
happened on the battle-ship
READ NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL..
The complete letter from the officer
will be printed then.
As these are war times you are surely
interested in American battle cries. A
large number of these have come into
existence since our boys stormed Morro
Castle considerably over a hundred
years ago. "Don't give up the ship"
is a cry that has often urged our blue
jackets to victory. But there have
been dozens of others used on different
occasions with spirit-stirring effect. If
you want to know just what they are
READ NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
Everybody has heard of the White
head torpedo and knows that it is one
of the most terrible engines of destruc
tion ever invented. But everybody
doesn't know how it was invented, how
it is made, how it is launched from the
torpedo-boat and how it is steered
through the water until it strikes the
object that it is destined to destroy.
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL,
There will be a full description of this
terrible piece of mechanism.
Since the battle of Manila Bay has
become a matter of history it is only
natural that great interest should be
taken in the engagements of ironclads.
The Manila fight is the third one in
history. The first was the battle of
Lissa, some thirty years ago, and the
second the battle of the ialu. This
fight taught naval experts more than
they had ever learned before. It solved
a good many puzzles and also pro
pounded a good many. But it was a
THE THANKS OF CONGRESS.
The gallant action of Commodore George Dewey with the Spanish fleet and
shore batteries at Manila has prompted Representative Grosvenor of Ohio to
introduce a resolution in Congress for a vote of thanks to the brave commander
in-chief. A vote of thanks by Congress is the highest honor that can be be
stowed upon an American citizen. Besides its intrinsic value it carries, also,
advancement in rank to the navy or army officer, increased pay and a right to
remain upon the active list if he chooses until his life closes.
In the recognition of distinguished services Congress has always been very
chary, hence the honor is Justly looked upon as being as great and deserved
as is the bestowal of the "Victoria Cross" in Great Britain and the "Iron
Cross" in Germany.
Since the year 1800 Congress has recognized gallant services in about fifty
instances, but only eighteen have been in the formal vote of thanks, the others
were by presentation of gold medals, swords, money and promotion. In 1805
Commodore Edward Preble, and through him, his officers, petty officers, seamen
and marines, received the thanks of Congress for gallantry off Tripoli in 1804.
In 1814 Captain Macdonough and O. H. Perry were similarly rewarded for their
gallant fights on Lake Champlain and Lake Erie.
At the close of the Mexican war, August 7, 1848, the officers, sailors and
marines of the navy received a vote of thanks, which, however, was of no in
dividual benefit, except as a compliment
The civil war of 1861-65 was naturally more prolific in substantial Congres
sional gratitude, and the following officers were thus honored in the order
named: Dupont, «once; Foote, Worden and Farragut twice; Goldsborough, Davis
and Rowan, once; Porter, three times; Stringham, Dahlgren, Rodgers, Ringgold,
Winslow and Cushing, once. Dahlgren received the vote of thanks for distin
guished services in connection with gun making, and Ringgold for saving lives;
all the others were for bravery and skill in battle.
In every instance advancement in rank and increased pay followed. Farra
gut rose from captain to rear admiral July 16, 1862; to vice-admiral December
31, 1864; to admiral July 26, 1566. Porter was raised from a commander to rear
admiral July 4, 1863; to vice-admiral July 25, 1866, and succeeded Farragut as
admiral at "the death of the latter, August 15, 1870. Rowan became a rear
admiral July 25, 1866, and succeeded Porter as vice-admiral August 15, 1870.
There has been only two admirals and one vice-admiral in our navy. The
rank was created expressly for Farragut, Porter and Rowan, and ceased with
the deaths of these officers. The retiring age of naval officers is 62, but the
vote of thanks retained these officers many years after the ordinary limit.
Farragut died at the age of 69; Porter at 78, and Rowan at 82 years of age, and
they remained on the active list until death closed their career, excepting Rowan,
who voluntarily retired one year prior to his demise.
Of rear admirals, Rodgers and Worden retained their places on the active
list many years beyond the retiring age.
A vote of thanks to Commodore Dewey, therefore, means that he will be,
promoted to the rank of rear admiral; that his salary will be increased from
$5000 to $6000, and that his retirement will be deferred to such a time as he may
choose, which otherwise would occur next year. His promotion would not create
a vacancy in the grade of commodore, for officers thus promoted are carried In
addition to the regular number.
There has been several efforts to re-establish the grades of admiral and
vice-admiral, and if opportunities offer there are a number of officers that will
make records entitling them to become something higher than rear admiral.
Farragut reached that rank when he was past 62 years of age, Rowan was 58, and
Porter only 50. All of which tends to indicate that mere age, old or young, Is
no criterion of a naval officer's usefulness.
THE fIMERICfIN SONG.
What song shall America sing.
Young heir of the elder world.
Whose knee ne'er bent to tyrant king,
Whose banner defeat ne'er furled?
A song for the brave and the free.
No echo of antique rhyme.
But a shout of hope for the day to be,
The light of the coming time.
From the dark lowlands of the past.
Swelling loud o'er the victim's cries.
The hero's shout sweeps up the blast
Where wounded Freedom dies.
The drum's dull beat and the trumpet's blare
From the far-off years are heard;
But the paean of kings Is man's despair.
And the hope of the world deferred.
'Tls the song of the free we sing;
Of the good time not yet born.
Where each man of himself is kliig.
Of a day whose gladsome morn
Shall see the earth beneath our feet.
And a fair sky overhead;
When those now sad shall find life sweet.
And none shall hunger for bread.
Bins: then our American nongl
'Tls no boast of triumphs won \
At the price of another's wrong.
Or of foul deeds foully done.
We fight for the wide world's rights.
To enlarge life's scope and plan.
To flood the earth with hope and light.
To build the kingdom of Man!
— M. J. Savage in N. Y. Tribune.
WAR AND WITS.
"This proposition to tax chewing gum,"
said Rivers, "may be all right as a war
measure, but it is bound to lead to a good
deal of jawing.*'— Chicago Tribune.
Hicks— Nobblns seems to be holding up
his head of late. Wicks— Tes; it probably
comes of reading newspaper bulletins.—
Boston Transcript.
She— Which would you rather be— rich
or famous? He— Rich. Then I could give
a yacht to the Government and get fa
mous, too. — Chicago News.
Captain Cutt— Who is that drunken non
commissioned man staggering do^sn the
street with our orderly sergeant? Lieu
glorious fight and the Chinese and Jap
anese made things very hot for one
another. If you want to know all
about it
READ NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
Most people who contemplate a trip
from this city to the Klondike look
upon it as a bier journey. But how
would a trip of 20.000 miles in search of
gold strike them? And yet that is the
distance that an adventurous party of
seven have just traveled for the sake
of hunting for nuggrets along the banks
of the Yukon. And they traveled the
entire distance In a cockle-shell of a
boat that consumed over six months to
cover the distance. Talk about ad
ventures. This crowd had at least one
a day. And they were thrilling ones.
Some of them hair raising. But you
will have to
READ NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
If you want to know all about travel
ing 20,000 miles in search of gold.
There will also be an article describ
ing the latest wonders of electricity.
The electric light and the telephone are
simply play toys compared to some of
the things that are being done nowa
days. All the latest wonders will be
fully described.
Miss Jessie Ackerman is a woman
who has traveled all over the world j
in the interest of temperance. She is i
a lecturer for the W. C. T. U. and has
had some strange experiences. All of
these will be fully described in
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
In the way of music, the Sunday Call
reproduce W. J. Scanlan's greatest
song. It is a good one, and words and
notes will all be there.
Over in Oakland a number of good
ladies are working to improve the
minds of the children and put them in
a positic-n to help themselves through
this workaday world,. For this pur
tenant Slash— That's our disorderly ser-
Philadelphia North American. .-
Something is wrong with either the gun
boats or the artists. All the gunboats in
the papers have their guns pointing to
ward heaven. Do they expect to find the
Spanish there?— Atchison Globe. i r •:•?:•: •
"George, dear, there : is one thing you
mustn't forget." "What; is that, sweet
heart?" "You mustn't let the band play
'The Girl I Left Behind Me' when . you
start away." ■ "And why not, * sweet
heart?" "Because everybody will think
It means me."— Cleveland Plain Dealer. ■
.■" .'..""" ■♦ ■ — ■ — — ' ■■ ' "
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
E. C. Rutherford of Sacramento is at
the California.
Mr. and Mrs. Paul Jarboe of San Mateo
are at the Palace.
T. S. Phelps Jr. of the United States
navy is at the Palace.
H. J. McDougal and wife of Toronto
are registered at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. W. Clark of Seattle are
guests at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. T. B. Christie of Paterson,
N. J., are at the California.
L. N. Breed arrived from Los Angeles
and registered at the Occidental.
James A. Lacey, a mining man from
Alaska, is registered at the Grand.
"W. H. B. Beaver, a prominent merchant
of Victoria, registered at the Palace yes
terday.
S. H. Rice, who is well known in real
estate dealings at Ukiah, is stopping at
the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. George H. Higbee. and
family have come : out \ from > Philadelphia
to visit California, and axe stopping at
the Palacew^^^i^^l
pose a most unique school has been es
tablished and is doing remarkably
well. In
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
There will be a full description of it and
some pictures of the boys and girls at
work.
Dr. Shrady is a great physician, and
he doesn't mind telling how he became
one, so that others may follow his ex
ample. In next Sunday's Call there
will be an article giving timely advice
to young men ambitious to succeed in
medicine.
While many of our brave naval offi
cers are at their posts of duty their
wives are anxiously awaiting news
of them. This requires as great
courage and fortitude as giving battle
to an enemy, and in some ways even
more. "Who are the women of San
Francisco now passing through this
ordeal? Many of them are California
girls, and if you want to know just who
they are
READ NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
Besides the good things just men
tioned there will be lots of other spe
cial features. There will also be the
usual departments — brx>ks, society,
fashions, theaters, the boys' and girls'
page— and all the latest news of the
day, as well as the BEST AND FULL
EST REPORTS FROM THE CALL'S
OWN CORRESPONDENTS DIRECT
FROM THE SEAT OF WAR.
READ NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CORBETT AND SULLIVAN— W. F..
City. Corbett defeated Sullivan at New
Orleans September 7. 1592, in twenty-ona
rounds.
THE MINT— N. N.. City. For informa
tion about the civil service examination
to be held at the United States branch
mint in this city make application ctt the
mint.
GOVERNMENT SEWING— N. N., City.
If, by the question about government
sewing, is meant sewing done for the
government the application should be
made to the contractors.
SOLDIERS' HOMES— G. H. S.. City.
The Soldiers' Homes that are east of the
east line of the State of Nebraska are
located at Dayton, O. ; Milwaukee, Wis.;
Togus, Me.; Hampton, Va., and Marion,
Ind.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per tb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Special Notice.
Those troubled with dandruff and itch-
Ing scalp mail this to Smith Bros, for free
sample of Smifhs' Dandruff Pomade, For
sale by all druggists. •
LET BUSINESS PROCEED.
Invasion of the country is not threat
ened and the task the United States has
undertaken entails no great tax on its
strength. Looking at the question from
■whatever point of view one may, confi
dence should be stimulated and war per
mitted to be only an episode in national
activity, without menace to the material
advancement of the nation.— Chicago Rec
ord.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the grums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the bast remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether, arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
CORONADO — Atmosphere is perfectly dry,
soft and mild, being entirely free from the
mists common further north. Round trip tick
ets, by steamship, including; fifteen days" board
at the Hotel del Coronado, $65; longer stay,
$2 BO per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery St..
S. F.. or A. W. Bailey, mgr. Hotel del Corona
do, late of Htl Colorado, Glenwood Spgs, Colo.
Jessie Ackerman relates some of
her most wonderful experiences in.
dotting the great globe with W. C.
T. U. missions in next Sunday's Call.
ADVEBTISEMLNTS.
MONKEYED WITH A HORNET'S
NEST
when they tampered with the Maine,
and now Spain is sorr Bhe did it. If
you go monkeying around unrelia-
ble laundry it will be a ; ource of con-
tinual annoyance. Brln • your linen
where -ou know It v.ill be handled
properly and gi\ you nulne satis-
faction every time, and that is at tha
United States Laundry, office 1004 Mar-
, Jsst street. Telephone South 420.CAMP FIRES AT THE PRESIDIO
OTIS OPPOSED BY
ORGANIZED LABOR
President McKinley Urged Not to Make Him
a Brigadier-General.
Resolutions Unanimously Adopted by the Building Trades
Council and Telegraphed to the Chief Executive.
At a meeting of the Building: Trades
Council at 915 Market street last night,
presided over by T. Crawnford, P. H.
McCarthy, president of Carpenters' and
Joiners' Union No. 22, introduced the
following resolutions, which were
adopted unanimously and a copy im
mediately telegraphed to President Mc-
Kinley:
Whereas, The name of Harrison Q.
Otis has been presented to the Presi
dent as an applicant for the appoint
ment of brigadier-general of the
United States Volunteers, and
Whereas, Senators White and Per
kins are urging the said appointment
of Harrison G. Otis, and in the event
of said appointment said appointee
would be placed at the head of troops
mustered in from California, and
Whereas, The said Harrison &.
Otis is now and has always been
hated and despised by the organized
labor of California through the an
tagonistic, unreasonable and undem
ocratic stand taken by him against
labor upon every occasion, and
Whereas, The insult cast by him.
upon the National Guard of Califor
nia is still fresh in the memories of
our guardsmen and our people, and
Whereas, As the troops which
California will send to the front will
be almost exclusively drawn from the
ranks of labor, it would be unwise
READY FOR
THE CAMP
California Troops Being
Rapidly Got Into
Condition.
The California troops, now being
mustered into the service of the United
States, are not equipped to the extent
necessary for active service. These
troops will be fitted out at the expense
of the Government, and will be
equipped on the same basis as the reg
ulars. The clothing and equipage now
in the hands of the volunteers will be
taken and a receipt given for the same
to the State authorities. Active prep
arations are now being made, and it
Is expected that within the next ten
days the volunteer regiments will be
in perfect condition.
To-day a site for a camp will be se
lected by the military authorities, and
It will probably be located on or near
the Presidio reservation. Hermann
Fchussler, chief engineer of the Spring
Valley Water Works, has tendered the
use of seven blocks in the Richmond
3 district, adjoining and south of the
Presidio reservation. Opposite this
site, on the Presidio rifle range, is
where the main camp will no doubt be
locate.d. Several other localities have
been looked over, but objections have
been raised against them.
General Henry C. Merriam, com
manding the departments of Columbia
and California, who was recently
promoted major-genoral, has instruct
ed the chief commissary of the Depart
ment of California to furnish rations
to the volunteers at the camp. The
purchasing commissary in this city is
completing arrangements for the es
tablishment of a fully adequate system
of supplies for food.
The United States medical depart
ment has also received instructions to
make all necessary preparations. A full
pupply of medical stores and surgical
Instruments will be provided and turn-
FIRST LIEUTENANT SIDNEY A. CLOMAN,
The Officer of the Fifteenth Infantry U. S, A,, Who Is Acting
Quartermaster and Commissary of Subsistence of United
States Volunteers,
and unjust to place at their head a
man so thoroughly loathed and de
spised, and would result in raising
discord by taking from said troops
their patriotism and valor through
compulsory service under such a com
manding officer; therefore be it
Resolved, That in the event of this
appointment we will hold Senators
White and Perkins personally re
sponsible for an action so repugnant
to our wishes.
Resolved, That we disapprove of
the action and strenuously protest
against the appointment, as we are
fully aware that it would be antago
nistic to the best interests and valor
ous service of our troops.
Resolved, That it is the sense of
this council that such honors be con
ferred upon those who enjoy the con
fidence and respect of the people of
this State, who have spent years of
their time in bringing the militia of
California to its high standard of ex
cellence, to the exclusion of one who
has done all in his power to hold the
same up to ridicule and has proven
himself so unpopular with our
people.
Resolved, That a copy of these
resolutions be forwarded to the Presi
dent and the above-mentioned Lena
tors and also to the San Francisco
press.
Ed over to the volunteer medical de
partment.
Captain Oscar F. Long, assistant
quartermaster, United States army,
acting- depot and chief quartermaster
of the Department of California, is
probably the busiest man in the ser
vice, stationed on the Pacific Coast.
The captain is a young, energetic of
ficer, and is capable of meeting any
emergency.
Captain Long has received authority
from the War Department to dispense
with formal contracts, etc., and to
day an informal contract will be
awarded for 1000 cords of hard wood
for the volunteer camp.
The army supply depot Is kept very
busy in getting ready for issue the ar
ticles of clothing, camp and garrison
equipage needed by the troops, in ad
dition to the supply now on hand that
was issued from the State of California.
The necessary transportation, con
sisting of wagons, harness and mules,
will be purchased under informal con
tract by the quartermaster's depart
ment and distributed to the different
organizations as directed by the com
manding general of the Department of
California.
Governor Budd has already submitted
to the military authorities statements
of what is required in addition to what
is now on hand to properly equip the
volunteers for field service. This state
ment shows the immediate requirement
of the troops of quartermaster and ord
nance stores. The former will be sup
plied from San Francisco and the ord
nance stores and equipments will be
issued from Benicia Arsenal.
There is a sufficient quantity of quar
termaster and ordnance stores on the
Pacific Coast to fully equi California's
quota of volunteers. When a deficiency
exists immediate supply will be fur
nished from Eastern depots.
Major Field, acting adjutant general
of the department of California, is well
acquainted with the needs of the regu
lars and the volunteers that will soon
form part of his command. He is in
constant communication by wire with
General Merriam, and sees that all the
orders coming from the general are
properly executed. General Merriam is
at present at Vancouver Barracks,
Washington, but it is very probable
that he will be In San Francisco the
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FHIDAY, MAY 6, 1898.
early part of next week. The general
is organizing the Oregon and Washing
ton volunteers.
The passage of the army reorganiza
tion bill nrovides for 250 second lieu
tenants not now included in the mili
tary organization of the army. The
first class at West Point, consisting of
sixty members, graduated April 26. will
be used. The present second class at
the Military Academy will be gradu
ated in June, and will fill seventy more
places. Further vacancies will be filled
by the enlisted men, who have already
passed the competitive examination,
and a number of appointments will be
made from civil life.
Joseph Geiger, now at Fort Mason,
and John R. Gittings, now at Benicia,
Barracks, privates of the Hospital
Corps, United States army, have been
ordered relieved from duty at their re
spective posts and directed to proceed
to the camp near Fort Winfield Scott,
reporting upon arrival to Colonel Mar
cus P. Miller, Third Artillery, for duty
with the troops in that camp.
It is positively known that Major
General Dickinson has received instruc
tions from the Governor to take such
steps as he may deem necessary to im
mediately rehabilitate the National
Guard. General Dickinson has a plan
prepared for this purpose and will is
sue the orders to-day or to-morrow
from his headquarters, which have been
established in the Mills building.
Colonel Fairbanks of the Fifth.
Colonel Guthrie of the Second, Major
Hayes of the Fifth, Colonel Whitton of
the Fifth and Major Elliott of the Fifth
were at headquarters last night and
held a conference with thy* adjutant
general on military business pertaining
to their commands.
Two companies of the heavy artillery
have been ordered by Major Rice to as
semble at 8 o'clock this morning at
their armory on Market street, between
Ninth and Tenth, from which place
thefr will march to the First Regiment
armory at the corner of Page and
Gough streets to be mustered into ser
vice. The rolls now contain 492 men.
FATHER O'RYAN, WHO WANTS TO CO TO THE FRONT.
Father P. O'Ryan, director of the League of the Cross and assistant editor of
the Monitor, has volunteered his services to his country. He sent his name in to
Governor Budd when war first seemed inevitable. He has volunteered to go as
chaplain. Father O'Ryan was about the first clergyman to volunteer, but the
fact that he had done so was kept quiet. He is one of the most popular priests
of this city, and has been connected with the Monitor for a number of years.
but only 300 will be taken, giving 150
men to the company, but the KJK will
be retained as they may be needed to
recruit the two companies that are to
come from Sacramento and Los Ange
les.
Captain Carrington last night re
ceived the following dispatch:
Washington, D. C, May 5, 1898.
Confer with the Governor as to the nu
merical and other designations to be given
to volunteer regiments when mustered
into the United States service. Designa
tions thus arrived at will be satisfactory
to the War Department. CORBIN,
Adjutant General U. S. A.
This will enable California's National
Guard to keep their regimental forma
tion intact, and it is a source of great
rejoicing among the officers of the
Guard.
It is known that Governor Budd will
in all probability confirm all the recom
mendations that Major Rice of the ar
tillery may make for the appointment
of officers of his command.
IN CAMP ON
SATURDAY
Volunteers Will Go Under
Canvas at the Pre
sidio To-Morrow.
The California Volunteers will go into
camp next Saturday, if plans now formed
are not changed. In regard to water sup
ply for the troops, a conference was held
yesterday at United States army head
quarters in this city. Herman Schussler,
chief engineer of the Spring Valley Water
Works, indicated to Major Field, acting
adjutant general, U. S. A., and Captain
Carrington, the mustering officer, the
places where mains of the company's sys
tem might be tapped.
At headquarters of the. State military
forces in the California Hotel, a vast deal
of business necessary for the equipment
and mobilization of the California Volun
teers was transacted in a systematic
manner by Governor Budd and Adjutant
Genera^ Barrett.
Among the callers at headquarters who
were granted a conference with the Gov
ernor was Mayor Snyder of Los Angeles.
He denied that his visit had any signifi
cance or anything to do with military
matters. It is believed that he called
upon the Governor to discuss politics.
John A. Koster, who has been appointed
first lieutenant and adjutant of the bat
talion of heavy artillery by Governor
Budd, called at headquarters yesterday to
se"te General Barrett. He thanked the
Governor for his appointment, and stated
that he was glad to have a chance to
serve the Government. Lieutenant Kos
ter was at one time in the service of
the brigade of volunteer troops of South
Carolina. He has also seen eight years
of service In the National Guard of this
State, having been, in 1&87, appointed
captain and aid-de-camp of the comman
der of the Second Brigade.
Major General Dickinson has made the
following: changes in the detail of the offi
cers of his staff. The following have been
ordered upon active duty: Colonel L.
Barrere, Colonel J. J. Dwyer, Colonel C. T.
Sttmicy, Major L. S, Schmjtt aad Colonel
T. M. Cluff. The general also sent a dis
patch to Brigadier General Last yester
day instructing him not to bring along
■with the Seventh any soldiers who have
families who are dependent -upon them,
or any that are physically disqualified.
The fact is the men of the Seventh have
already been examined by the regimental
surgeons of that organization, but they
will also have to pass the physical exam
ination when they arrive here. •
Colonel Johnson of the Sixth Regiment
was closeted with the Governor for quite
a while during the earlier part of the day.
He seemed to be in an exceedingly happy
frame of mind when he came out of the
Governor's office, and the cause for the
same was found in the official statement
made by Governor Buua that Colonel
Johnson would command the two bat
talions of infantry.
Either Captain Rottanzl or Major Ped
lar of General Muller's staff will be ap
pointed surgeon of the battalion of in
fantry. The chances are that Rottanzi
will secure the appointment, and that
Pedlar will be given a surgeonship in
some other command.
Major Hayes of the Fifth Regiment is
investigating the destruction of Colonel
Fairbanks' picture in Oakland by some
member of that regiment. It has been
traced to one man, and he will be severely
dealt with by the officers of the Fifth as
soon as Major Hayes officially reports
the same to General Barrett.
Captain Louis Turner of the Naval Bat
talion, who has just returned from Alas
ka, was at headquarters yesterday, but
did not get a chance to see the Governor.
He reports that the sailor boys are eager
and anxious to see service, and that they
are trained to the hour, so to speak. Col
onel Thomas Barry was also at head
quarters early in the morning.
Major General Dickinson will issue the
necessary orders to-day calling out the
companies that have been chosen to form
the battalions of infantry. They will as
semble here about the middle of next
week and be mustered into service just
as soon as the heavy artillery has been
disposed of by Captain Carrington. The
Seventh Regiment will leave Los Angeles
early this morning, and will be ac
companied by Brigadier General Last and
staff.
While it was not officially given out by
the Governor, yet it is positively known
that the commissioned officers of the
First are to be Te-examined and subjected
to the same rigid physical examination
that the men have been made to undergo,
and that an order has been received from
the War Department to have this en
forced.
REGULAR ARMY.
Active Work in Recruiting
at the Presidio.
The only sign of activity at the Presidio
yesterday was centered in and about the
office of Lieutenant Boyd, recruiting offi
cer of the post. Twelve of the applicants
for enlistment succeeded in passing the
medical examination of the post sur
geons and were sworn in. Some of the
men presented flattering letters of rec
ommendation from well known business
men of this city, and the character of the
men generally is far above the average
of applicants for enlistment. Several of
the recruits are especially desirable on
account of their familiarity with the
handling of machinery of all kinds, and
such men will be assigned to the artillery
branch of the service.
While nothing definite has been done
regarding the encampment of volunteers
on the Presidio, Colonel Morris has, how
ever, concluded, after a careful inspection
of the grounds, that the only available
places are located on the slope to the left
of the railroad, at the entrance to the
reservaion, and the flat on which the tar
get range is situated. Water will, how
ever, have to be brought to the first
named place from some point outside of
the reservation, as it is claimed that the
present supply is sufficient only for the
regular number of troops stationed at the
post.
The Third Artillery band, wmch came
over from Angel Island Wednesday, will
probably return to that place soon, as no
provision has beeen made for maintain
ing the band at the Presidio. It is there
fore uncertain whether the band will give
a concert this afternoon.
RANGE OF GUNS,
San Francisco in No Dan-
ger of Serious Bom-
bardment.
Colonel Charles R. Buter, chief of the
Pacific Division of the United States En
gineer corps, is recognized in the array
as one of the leading experts In modern
artillery. He served with General Gil
more in the siege of Charleston and di
rected the fire of the ten-inch rifled Par
rott guns, which had a range of seven
miles. The modern ten-Inch rifled gun of
this day has an extrf-me range of ten
miles from a shore elevation.
The Scientific American of April 16, 1808,
published a diagram of the defenses of
San Francisco, and. added this comment
to , the publication of ; the map: "In > point
of fact with the . eleven-inch guns of > the
Vizeaya the vessel might lie off the coast
at the ; spot : marked Ai in •'• the " engraving
and play at . bombarding the town of San
Francisco as long ias she pleased. .: : The
guns 'within the Golden ; Gate would -,■ be
powerless to : prevent bombardment."
When i Colonel Suter ; was shown the ar
ticle ; and ; the I engraving .he : said without
hesitation that.; the article was absurd,
ias \ the ' position : marked A', off | Seal =. Rock
•was in the range of the, iwelve-lncli rifled
mortar battery. "Apart from this, re
marked Colonel Suter, "it is doubtful
whether a ship coulu stand the recoil of
guns elevated to the degree of throwing
a shell into San Franvisco from that
point. There is always talk of this kind
to cause women and children to shiver,
but the thing is absurd. Every shot from
a high-power gun of eleven-inch caliber
costs a large sum of money. No sane
commander would think of expending his
valuable ammunition for the mere sake
of throwing shells into a city which he
could not capture. When cities are bom
barded the small shells are used. When
they explode in a building they do the
work of destruction as thoroughly as big
shells. I doubt very much if the damage
to San Francisco by a bombardment at
the range described would destroy prop
erty equal to the value of the ammunition
expended. Many of the shells would fall
on the streets or vacant, lots.
"A shell passing through abuildingwith
out exploding within the structure causes
little damage. Shells might pass through
the Claus Spreckels building without
doing a great deal of damage provided
that one did not explode inside the struct
ure. An interior explosion would create
great havoc."
Colonel Suter remarked that the plans
of defense contemplated the construction
of a battery near Lake Merced, but at
present it was essential to so f»rtify the
Golden Gate as to prevent a hostile fleet
from getting into the harbor. The life of
a ship depends so much on Its supply of
effective ammunition that a commander
cannot afford to throw away his shells
in idle bombardment.
THE FIRST
REGIMENT MUSTER
The First Regiment will face the oath
to-day, and to-night it will sleep in the
Presidio under the eye of the Govern
ment.
The last company was examined by the
surgeons early this morning, and then
they heaved a sigh of relief, for they had
been on duty from early yesterday morn
ing, and nearly SOO men had passed
through their hands.
The regiment will be mustered In as a
body. It has been thought best to do so,
for under those circumstances the com
missions of the officers will all date from
the time of their original issue in the
National Guard, as their rank as volun
teers will all date from to-day.
'.It .was announced from Washington
that there would be battalion adjutants
allowed the regiment, and in that case
there may be a chance for providing for
some officers on the regimental staff who
have been legislated out of office. In case
Colonel Smith is consulted he will recom
mend Lieutenant Tobin inspector of rifle
practice and Lieutenant Huber commis
sary for the battalion places.
There is also a vacancy in the second
lieutenancy of Company E, and Otio
Swerdflger, the regimental sergeant
major, will be recommended by the colo
nel, if he has a chance to recommend.
The officers of the regiment were ex
amined last evening, and all of them
passed, while the men cheered every
time one of their own leaders came from
the examining-room with a smile of tri
umph.
It has been decided that the designation
of the First Regiment, after being mus
tered in, will be the "First Regiment of
California Volunteers." The Seventh
Regiment would in the ordinary course of
©vents be known as the Second California
Volunteers, but there is a desire on the
part of that regiment to • retain its own
designation, and the Governor is disposed
to allow it to do so.
It has also been decided that those
men from out of town who come to San
Francisco in good faith for the purpose
of being examined and mustered in will
be returned to their homes at the ex
pense of the Government, but they must
have come in good faith.
It has been found, too, that most of the
supplies of the men of the regiment need
can be purchased here, and this will be
done. The men will be given . clothes,
shoes. Springfield rifles of the model of
'84 for all the old ones, besides tents,
blankets and everything pertaining to the
soldier. ■-•'■ '..: i-.
The following are the names of those
passed by the surgeons yesterday:
-•• Company E— Captain William R. Robertson;
First Lieutenant James H. Jordan: Sergeants
Thomas P. Howard, Joseph Cardiff, Matthew
Delaney, William E. Wehser, John J. Canovan.
Corporals John Egan. Martin B. O'Connell.
John C. Brady, Thomas Hurley, Lawrence E.
Twomey, Michael Dwyer. James D. Coffey. Sur
rey P. Jones, Charles G. Thogode; Musicians
Max H. Miller, James L. Morris; Privates Rob
ert A. Allen, David Arling, William Bamblett,
Charles Battye, Lee Baxter, William Caddigan,
James Campbell, Charles Clack, John G. Claire,
William J. Cody. William H. Corbet t, Wil
liam H. Cook, George Dougherty, Andrew B.
Dalzell, Ernest Ewlng. Harry M. Fengys, Ed
ward Finnlgan, Charles Ford, Arthur Fine, Ed
ward Garry, George Giovannonl, Joseph Hale,
Benjamin F. Hied. William J. Hogan, Egbert
S. Howes, Claude W. Huff. Frank Hunt. Ben
jamin F. Jackman, Fred Jackson Jr., Charles
T. Kane, Joseph Kelly, Richard A. K. Kop
pen, Gustav 'A. Koppen, Gustav A. Krohn,
Timothy Leary, John E. Martin, William I.
Martin, Henry G. Martlne, Frank McCaffrey,
Peter Miller, John T. McCarthy. John Nolan,
Edward F. O'Brien, Edward O'Neil, Edward
Pessigue, Edward Ransome, William E Reed,
Henry A. Robertson, John P. Roche, Joseph R.
Rogers, Charles W. Schmidt, Charles V. Sierp,
Le Roy R. Smith, John G. Snowgrass. Thomas
A. Swift, Robert T. Fiet- Charles C. Trode,
Samuel H. Wallace, George M. Walsh, John
Walsh, Richard Warren. Frederick Zitt, Nor
man Ives Jr., Edward Braham, Charles Bob,
Thomas J. Grogan. . ~'.
Company Captain, John F. Miller; first
lieutenant, Firmin A. Nippert: second lieuten
ant, Frederick L. Brown; sergeants. G«bard W.
Iverson, Charles S. Cook, Birdsal Hawks. Ber
thelet H. Hawks. Harry Tarton; corporals,
Henry W. Doscher, Preston H. Ralne, John
G. Hawks, William A. Higgins, Henry D.
O'Brien; musicians, William Cook, William A.
Varney; privates.- Anton C. Anderson, Osmer
W Anderson, Eugene R. Ayres, Edgar Ab
rams, Alfred D. Allen, Frank W. Best, John
F Bickford, Arthur R. Babcock, William B.
Brown Cardie P. Bernal, William J. Barrett,
Hugh J. Bell, Manuel J. Bernal, Cornelius F.
Bohannon. William J. Clark, George D. Col
mesnil, Charles D. Cleveland, Gilbert R. Cul
ver Roger G. Cutlar, William Cohn. George Ev
Crump, Arthur E. Cinq Mars. Herman Cook,
August P. Duwer, Engene F. Duffy, Ernest
F Dv Fries, George W. Dell. Patrick H.
Donoghue. James I. Dobner. O. S. Erlebach
Oscar H. Fernbach, Frank W. Field, Frederick
H Field Charles J. Fallon, John P. Finnlgan.
Gustav Gemballa, Clement C. Glrard. John J.
Hyer, William Hogue, Herbert A. Hopkins,
John M. Hubbard, William S. Handrldge, Ed
ward T. Holsten. Paul C. Harlan. Walter C.
Hay, George Herdel, Andrew H. Irving Amos
M. Jones, , Richard C. Jantzen. John W. Little,
Fra.nk A. Louis, Manuel H. Levy. William T.
Moran. Frank Meyers Trias C. Meyers. Louis
C Miller, George S. Moss, Joseph P. Marshall,
Sylvan A Newman, Milton A. Nathan, Rich
ard H Norton. Denis J. Oliver. Charles W Os
borne, Charles J. O'Connell, Gus Ohlson.
George Peters, Guy C. Raymond, Thomas E.
Relly Joseph P. Ryan, Harry C. Reed, Joseph
Rose Carl Rockwitz, Vanderbilt H. Sutton.
Charles E. Surryhyne, John L. Simmons Harry
D Sydney, Fred J. Suhllng. Henry A. Stube,
Arthur M. Smith, Clayton R. Tinsley, George
W UPP. Charles Williams, Julius; Wet»l.
Company C— Captain James W. .Dumbrell;
first lieutenant. Charles E. Gbodell; second lieu
tenant, George Petty; sergeants. Henry. F.
Hicks. James Gillies, Joseph M. Ross; corpor
als. John B. Switzer, WlUis F. Unired, Adel
bert Frederick; musician. Frederick F. Carson;
nrlvatea Arthur S. D. Atkinson, James R. Bar
rTckfo, GeoVge E. Bunner. Roy Jßurt., Walter
R. Butler, Walter F. Carmen, Frank S. Cle
land, Frank E. Coleman, George M. Clark.
John Donald, Frank -L. Doeing, Robert C.
Dunbar. Allen H. English, Harry W. - Fawke,
Alfred L. Franks. Richard H. Good. Ray L.
Hirsh Ray A. Hard. . Harry Herman. Frank
J Kane James T. Lyon. Charles McDonald.
Enos Martin, Donald F. McMillan, William E.
McCamus, Frank S. Matthews, John H. Morris,
Patrick J. MeKean, Oscar Nelson, Anton B.
Nllson, William E. Roberts. William H. Shaw.
Charles G. Smith, Herbert C. Stewart, Edmund
C Southwick, Charles H. Slocum. M. Luther
Smith Howard Taylor, Joseph Thomas, Mar
tin O. Woll. Lawrence E. Whitney. Edmund
Williams, Dan L. Ingram, George Kidder, Ed
ward W. . Cusheon, Charles A. Seraae. .. Horace
A Herman. Fred W. Hill, Allan Brant, James
Carson, Walter D. Garey, William W. Need
ham Ralph Waldo, Louis Friebel, Fred Frank,
James E. Lafferty, James F. Flnlay, Charles
G Bartlett,-. John A. . Glbney, Neil Crownover,
Henry Louis, - Harry Haughwaut, . William B.
Crabtree, James M. Pollock, Milton Alexander,
Gustav. Langer. : ' • -'■' . "' ' '
Company G— Captain Edgar C. Sutliffe, First
Lieutenant Thomas Sparrowe,* Second Lieuten
ant William N. Swßsey: Sergeants John H.
Norton. Richard J. Dowdall. Philip J. Neu
man; Corporals Chris P. Hirst. George W.
Sumner; Musicians • - Francis J. Brown. Leon
J. "■ Pell, Albert ■B. Anderson, Frank W. Anst,
Thomas ■ G. Bautz. Duane Barnes, / Louis H.
Boucan, . John J. Brambila, .J. Crowe, Ed J.
1 Colvin, -•' James •M. : Dabney, John :L. Damn,
Arthur '■■ S. . Hatfield. Lenox C. Hatfleld, Joseph
C. Hilbom. Budd ; Hopkins. William L. Hage
man, F. Helnemann, Charles A. Johnson,
•Dlxon : L. ' Lee, William L. Mengel. : Henry >H.
Morris. Joseph T. : McEvoy, Frank L. McNally,
Eldridge L. Moores,' James A. Mulvey, Robert
S. Mpdge, Wilber T. Miner, ;; Benjamin ;.f F.
Mackey, John W. Noonan. Robert J. O'Connor.
John W. Ren ton, William D. Stewart, Maurice
J. . Bcaaian, '; James C Smith, .William ; S. ; Sul-^
livan, Carl A. Swanson, Fred F. Sllcox, Charles
O. Thompson, William M. Welch, John C.
West, James F. Brown, Henry A. Hansen,
Henry Levinson, Carl H. Miller. Frank A.
Gummer. Wllbert H. Normand. Charles E.
Campbell, Joseph B. Walter, Wilfred M. Tay
lor, Otto C. Meyer. August M. Schuber. Henry
H. Mueller, Adolph Boas, A. J. O'Keefe,
Charles R. Griffith, Otto B. Eslebach, Emanuel
H. Levy, Walter C. Hay, Fred J. Subling,
James S. Dobner. William T. Barrett. John w.
Little, Edgar Abrams. Thomas E. Rlley,
George Herole, George S. Moss.
Company H— Captain, Frank W. Warren; first
lieutenant. Edwin F. Davis; second lieutenant,
T. P. O'Brien; first sergeant, Albert Ehren
pfort; eergeant, John E. Broderick; corporal,
Louis F. Guedet, John J. Blnet; musician, S.
N. Androus; privates. Frederick Andrews,
Frank Angeloblch, Thomas T. Bryan, Charles
A. Burtnett. Thomas F. Brownie, Herbert N.
Blake, Alfred E. Baker, John J. Blake, Thomas
A. Campbell, Clarence J. Case, Peter W. Con
lan. Frederick L. Crosby. William F. Dunne,
William A. Dlneen, David Fairbanks, George
H. Grimes, William Grady, John F. Kosch
nitzkl, John J. Kirby, Timothy J. Klnney,
Frank X. Larkey. Warren D. Latlmer, George
H. McGinnerty, Arthur J. ilagee, Frank C.
Miller, James A. Mullally, Joseph Nellan.
Daniel J. Nicolls, Joseph A. O^Donnell, Edward
A. O'Neil. John Pierson. Charles F. Raye, John
Rourke, RaJph W. Ruston, William C. Rieley,
George W. Rohe, Walter B. Sedgley, John L.
Swift, Charles H. Smith, Edward Balento.
Charles, Wlckerle, Emll A. Welna, Francis
Warren, Martin Freund. Francis L. Jackson,
Joseph Durham, William H. Rogers, G. W.
Connor, — Vodinl, — Young, Harry Blake,
George Reid. — McArdle. — Ahem. — Walsh,
— Kulzhausen, Joseph F. Conlan, — Lawler,
— McCabe.
Transferred from D— Clarence B. Bean, Al
fred W. McLean, Thomas A. Doxey, John W.
Lunsford, John Francis Meyers, William A.
Cornish. Joseph Colby, Roy Morrison, Henry
A. Renner.
Company I— Captain, Rembold Rlchter: first
lieutenant. Otto H. Huber; second lieutenant,
Frank A. Moore: sergeants. Henry A. Leme
tyer, Maurice J. Sheahan, William Golby; cor
porals, Henry Slozenwald, Clarence A. Son,
Henry Buokir.g, Henry C. Matthewson, John
C. Cappleman, Sam J. Gillls: musician, John
yon Staden; privates, George B. Allen, Thomas
E. Allen, Hallie W. Ayers, John E.
Balke, Harry J. Blackman, Edward M.
Boyeson, Benjamin F. Budd. Joseph L.
Carr. Joshua W. Carr, Henry Castagnino,
Americo Chrtini. Edward Connell. John A. Daly,
Albert G. Dietrich, Joseph J. Drummond. Al
bert Ehrenford, Willis H. Faxon, John T.
Flynn. Joseph Fritz, Frank C. Funge, Fred
L. Funge, Charles C. Garfleld, Arthur H.
Green. James F. Halsey, Waltor R, Hanna,
Macpherson Harrison. Phillip Heinz, Fred E.
Hoar, Frank H. Just, Charles Lamb. Fred
Lesond, John H. Liddle, Robert Luhn, William
Lundy, James I. Maokin. Frank W. Manning.
Hugh T. MrSnrley. Joseph M. Murtha. George
B. Newbury. Robert W. Nicholson. James E.
Noifrm. Daniel O'Neil, Harry C. Payson,
Michael Quill, Panda T. Ralli, Elijah W. Red
dell. John C. Reltz, John Resch, Tor Rosen
lund. George Rosenberg, Ignatius B. Saliture,
William A. Schmitz, John Shay, George Shel
don, George D. Slebert, Joseph J. Simpson,
Thomas Winship, Charles H. Wiseman, Will
lam H. Young.
A Patriotic Boy,
A boy about 17 years of age, giving tho
name of Charles Flynn, applied for en
rollment at the recruiting oiii'-» yester
day. He walked into the armory with a
pronounced military bearing, and asked
to see the recruiting officer. He was
properly directed, and he at once went
forward. He saluted the examining sur
geon and made his application to be en
rolled as a soldier.
"I am a corporal of the League of tho
Cross Cadets," he said, "but Colonel Sul
livan, our commanding officer, is so long
about calling us out that I got tired wait
ing. I am a son of Thomas Flynn, a vet
eran of the Civil War. I admit I do not
look to be very strong but I can hold my
own with any one of the men of the Na
tional Guard. If it is possible to take me
I would like you to do so, as I will go
along anyway."
"Come to-morrow." said the surgeon,
"and bring your father, the veteran, with
you, and we will see what can be done."
The boy retired, saluting as he went.
An Open Letter to Mothers.
We are asserting In the courts our right to
the exclusive use of the word "CASTORIA."
and "PITCHER'S CASTORIA," as our Trade
Mark.
I, Dr. Samuel Pitcher, of Hyannls. Massachu
setts, was the originator of "PITCHER'S CAS
TORIA," the same that has borne and does
now bear the fac-sim!!e signature of CHAS.
H. FLETCHER on every wrapper. This is the
original "PITCHER'S CASTORIA" which has
been used In the homes of the mothers of
America for over thirty years. Look care
fully at the wrapper and see that it Is the
kind you have always bought, and has the sig
nature of CHAS. H. FLETCHER on the Wrap
per. No one has authority from me to use my
name except The Centaur Company, of which
Chas. H. Fletcher is President.
March S 1597. SAMUEL PITCHER, M. D.
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art
The monthly Free Day has been post
poned to Friday, May 13. *
In the Probate Court.
Bernard MoManus has applied forletters
of administration on an estate of un
known value left by Ellen McGurren, a
lodging-house keeper, who died on the
29th ult. at 3 Fulton street.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
BiTiiniji
TRANSPORTATION GO,
steamshiFlaurada
WILL SAIL FOB
KOTZEBUE SOUND,
VIA ST. MICHAEL,
CONNECTING WITH NEW STEAM-HEAT-
ED. ELECTRIC-LIGHTED FLEET O*
RIVER STEAMERS COL. McNAUGHT, GOV.
PINGREE. PHILIP R. LOW. A. E. FAY. B.
B GLASCOCK. NEW YORK. MICHIGAN.
WASHINGTON AND OHIO.
FOR DAWSON CITY
Yukon River Points.
THIS EXPEDITION TO THE NEW Dis-
coveries at Kotzebue Sound will be ac-
companied by mining experts, • together with
experienced guides. A mining party will ac-
company this expedition and direct passengers
to the richest claims in Alaska.
The steamship will arrive at Hotham Inlet
about June 15, which will be as early as the
flow of ice will admit navigation to Kotzebu*
Sound.
Don't be deceived by various representation!
of entering the sound before the date named.
On this expedition we will allow no more
than the steamship's cabin capacity will
She ' will make two trips 'to Hotham Inlet,
leaving Hotham Inlet as late as September 16,
possibly as late as September 25," giving ample
time for those going on her first trip to locate
claims and return to San Francisco for the
winter.
Tickets for this sailing will be sold at the
very low rate of $200 per passenger, which in-
cludes 1000 pounds of baggage or freight free.
Additional freight at a low rate. - Full Informa-
tion upon application.
H M. HAINES. Contracting Freight and Pas-
senger Agent, 20 Montgomery street.
H. D LOMBARD & CO., 16 California street.
A. E. CRONENWETT. General Traffic Man-
; ager.
D. H. PINGREE. General Manager.
AMUSEMENTS.- .
a^panisbTbull fight
v.::v: ; MAY BE SEEN -
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING
AT
THE CHUTES,
In Conjunction With a GREAT VAUDEVILLE
• SHOW!
Latest WAR NEWS Read from ' the STAGE.
..-. 10c to All, Including Zoo, etc. Children. 5c
SHERMAN-CLAY HALL, 223 Sutter St.
TO-NIGHT (Last Appearance Here).
LITTLE PALOM A", SCHRAMM,
■ i. '•• The . Child \ Pianist and Composer.
> ; PRICES— and ft; Children. 25c.
OLYMPIA I Qm S* "I" IS °" «* .
- I.; . Eddy Street!.
WAR! WAR! WAR .SCENES'— The Maine:
divers at work; . feeding reconcentrados; Span-
■ ish < troops and ships, »■ with a host of thrilling
Havana .war : scenes <• by .' the Btograph; and a
great olio of specialties. Most Interesting show
la tbe city. ADMISSION FJREE, . j
" i i • • n rr — I 1I 1 i nil urn »■ ■imi i *^ J^ > 'i^»'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Open!
Open!
Open!
COLMAN'S
HAT
STORE,
130
EAR NY
STREET.
A full lln— > of
DUNLAP & CO.'S
SPRING STYLES.
■ QEO. OOETTINQER.
AMUSEMENTS. •
COLUMBIA THEATER.
TO-NIGHT— MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Eminent Romantic Actor,
ROBERT B. MANTELL,
Accompanied by a Select Company Under th«
Management of M. W. Hanley, Presenting a
New Romance by A. W. Tremayne, Entitled
A SECRET WARRANT,
Numerous Accessories. Superb Costumes.
NEXT MONDAY—' 'MONBARS. ' '
BALDWIN THEATER.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
FERRIS HARTMAN
And his clever New York Company In th»
comedy hit of the season,
"THE PURSER."
E.XTRA— TH« F»»ss!on Play,
As given at Oberammergau, dally (except Sat-
urday), at 3. Seats 25c.
NEXT MONDAY— The season's novelty, th«
great French Pantomlmlst,
PILAR moRiN,
And Her Original Company, In . the Tragla
Pantomime,
"IN OLD JAPAN!"
In conjunction with Fritz Scheel's Orchestra.
SEATS NOW READY.
*
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
THIS WEEK ONLY— MATINEE SATURDAY
Hoyt's Record Breaker
"J\ TEXAS STEER!"
Presented by Katie Putnam, Maurice Freeman,
Will H. Bray and an all-star cast.
Popular prices . 15c, 25c and 60c.
Next Monday— "THE ENSIGN," and
Special Attraction Between Acts, "The Drum-
mer Boy of Shlloh" and His "Flag Pictures."
MOROSGO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
Last Performances of the Singing Soubrette.
LETTIE LE VYNE
IN
" HEARTS OF NEW YORK."
Next — Two New Stars in
"THE PRISONER OF ALGIERS."
A Sequel to "Monte Crlsto."
Evening Prices We, 25c, 50c
Matlness Saturday and Sunday.
CONTINUED SUCCESS OF
KERNER'S VISIONS OF ART: JOHN W.
RANSOME, as ' General Fitzhugh Lee; BOG-
ART & O'BRIEN, eccentric musical come-
dians- HAVES & BANDY, dancing marvels:
LIZZIE B. RAYMOND: TONY WILSON and
clown- RENO & RICHARDS, ROBERTA &
DORETO and FISH & QUIGG.
Reserved Seats. 2"c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
Matinees every Wednesday, Saturday and
Sunday. -
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krel Ing, Proprietor and Manager
THIS WEEK ONLY,
The Greatest of All Comic Opera*.
WANG!
"ASK FOR THE MAN IN THE MOON."
NEXT WEEK I
Our Most Successful Comedy Opera,
"SHIP AHO"Vt"
Up to Date and Way Ahead.
POPULAR PRICES..... 25c and 500
Box Office Always Open. No Telephone.
ALCAZAR. 15C,*25C,*35C, 50C
LADIES' MATINEE TO-MORROW.
TO-NIGHT | LAST TIMES OF
TO-MORROW I THE GAY
SUNDAY. I PARISIANS 1
Monday Night— NlOßß.
_. R. Stockwell, Wright, Huntingdon and
Great Cast.
NORRIS BROS.'
PEERLESS DOG AND PONT SHOW 1
—100— PERFORMING PETS— IOO—
Exhibit Under Their Big Tents, •
CENTRAL F»/\R.K.
Two weeks, beginning MONDAY. May 3.
Evening Performances, 8 o'clock. Matinee*
Dally, 2:30 p. m.
PRICES— 25c; Children, 15c. Street
parade. 11 a. m. dally. - ■ ■ - _^
SUTRq_BATHS.
TOM SHARKEY
LEO GrRATTO
Will Swim a 220 Yard Exhibition Race
AT 5 P. M.
—SUNDAY. MAY 8. 1898—
Admission. 10c. Children. So.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB— -
Winter Meetlnf . 1597-98. Beginning TUESDAY.
May 3. to May 21 Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY.
, THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATUKDAT,
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
— — RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP. —
Ferry boats leave San Francisco at 13 m. and.
12:30, 1:00, 1:80, 2:00, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connect-
ing with train stopping at the entrance -to
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— leave the trade at 4:15 and
4-45 p. m.. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. Prea,
R. 8.-MILROY. Secretary. -. . '' ;
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the season.
Music, Dancing. Bowling, Boating, Fishing
and other amusements. <-.:•••
Refreshments at city • prices. Fare, round
trip, 25c; ■ Children. 15c; Including admlasloa
to grounds. '■ ' •"■ ■
—THE STEAMER . UKI AH— -
Will leave Tiburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m., 12:10t
2 and 4 p. m. Returning, leave Ei Campq at
11.10 a. m.,: I,- 3 and ip. W. . : . ■:,■„.(
78
RACES RUN
IN THE EAST
Tracks Cold and Heavy
at Churchill Downs and
Aqueduct.
Rush Wins the Debutante
Stakes for Two - Year - Old
Fillies From Rose Apple.
Flyers That Capture Purses at Lake
side Make Some Very Cred
itable Time.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
LOnErvn/LE, May s.— The track at
Churchill Downs was heavy this after
noon and the weather cloudy and cold.
Results:
Seven furlongs— Crocket won. Alleviate
second, Gomuraski third. Tim** 1:31 V -
Four and a half furlongs — Batten won,
:Jerid second. Great Pride third. Time,
; :67%.
One mile, selling— Oxnard won, Ben
Frost second. Nemo third. Time, 1:45%.
The Debutante stakes, four furlongs for
two-year-old fillies, stakesl3oO— Rush won,
Rose Apple second, Gay Parisian third.
! Time, :51.
Six furlongs — Opaque won. Primate sec
ond, Judge Quigley third. Time, 1:19%.
. Six furlongs, selling — won,
Fewless second. Commerce third. Time,
1:20.
NEW YORK. May s.— Cold, rainy
'weather marred the sport at the Aque
duct race track to-day. Results:
Six furlongs, selling— Juno won, South
'Africa second. Forum third. Time,
|1:16 3-5.
Five furlongs, selling— l^epida -won. Sir
•Florian second, King Pride third. Time,
l; 03.
About scrven furlongs, Belling — Pink
•Chainbrav won. Lucid second. Ton Long
aore third. Time, 1:25 4-5.
Mile and a sixteenth — Mazarino won,
Damlen second. Nabob third. Time, l:49Vfe.
Four and a halt furlongs — Camatoph
■won, Tyrian second. Extreme third. Time,
. :56 2-5.
Five furlongs, selling— Ovlam won, Har
ry Crawford second, Deal third. Time,
1:03 1-,"..
• ROBY, Ind., May s.— Lakeside re
sults:
Five furlongs — L,a Princessa won,
Quaver second, Amy Wade third. Time
' I:OSU>.
F..ur furlongs— Black Venus won, Prima
Vera second, Eva Wilson third. Time,
:51%.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Sunburst
••won. Pap Dixon second, Arrezzo third
Time, 1:63.
One mile— lmp won, Dr. Sheppard sec
ond. Myth third. Time. 1:44.
Four and a half furlongs— King Barley
corn won, Mr. John second, Native Son
third. Time. :SJL
Five furlongs— Richard D won Peter
McCue second. Abuse third. Time, 1:03^
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
New York Defeats Boston and Bain
Interferes With Other Games.
BOSTOX. May s.— With the score 4 to 1
against them Seymour was put in to pitch
for the Xew Vorks in the third inning.
He proved an enigma for the home team.
Attendance 2500. Score:
Boston * H 9 " E6E 6
New York ...... 10 0
Batteries— Meekin, Seymour and Grady: Nich
ols and Bergen. Umpires — Lynch and Con
nolly.
PITTSBURO, May s.— Kill en was taken
out when the fourth man forced him
after making an error, giving a base on
balls and allowing two hits. Game was
called at the end of the sixth inning on
account of rain. Score:
Plttsburjr 4 9 3
Chicago 4 5 2
Batterlos— Killen, Hastings and Schriever;
Thornton and Donahue. Umpires — Wood and
Smartwood.
injlW YORK, May s.— The Brooklyn-
Washington game was postponed on ac
count of rain.
CINCINNATI, May 5.-Cincinnati-St.
Louis no game: rain.
Preparations for an Irish Fair.
The Celtic Union of this city has tix^d
the date of tne big Irish Fair to be given
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -Oakland Track-15Sth day of the
Winter Meeting. Thursday, May 5, 1898. Weather fine. Track
fast.
1008.
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs: selling; maiden three- year-olds; purse, ?300.
|!
xnaex. nurses. «eißni. ou V*m. %m. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys.
11l Aprona 102 2 ... lh i~2 i~l>4 lh R. Xarvaez...
980 Rosa 105 5 ... 6 1 8 4 ' 3V4 .2n Thorpe
758 land « ' ;• no 6 ... 7 1 6% 5 1 3ns Hennessy ....
. 903 Rose Maid 100 1 ... 3V a 2% 2 h 4 2 Woods
927 Idomenus 109 4 ... 4% 4 1 4& 54 Lew
1002 Brown Prince 99] 9 ... 82 7% 7Ms 6^ Walnright
879 Kilha« 102 7 ... 6 % H 8 1 72* Frawley '.."I
;. 837 Approbation 99 8 ... 9 9 9 8 2 Kiley
_ 784 Hlmera 97 1 3 ... 21 5% 6 1 9 [McNlcbola '.'.'.
Time. 1:03. Winner, W. L.. Stanfleld"s b. t. by Apache-Tyrona. Good start. 1
three driving.
« 15
6-5 6-5
5-2 3
4 5
20 50
20 30
10 30
20 60
10 15
r on first
1009 SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, J3OO.
Index. Horses.
%m.
:r.
990 Joe Mussle, 4...
978 Zaraida. 4 Vu
990 Millbrae, 4 112
S^J Kebekah. 4 107
92y Olivia, 6 109
995 Pa-sha, a 11l
6*6 Malplaquet, 4 109
978 Roy Carruthers, 4.. 100
905 Carter D. 1 LOJ
I
4
6
9
8
8
4 Vi
7 1
2 Ms
5 2
6 Vi
3 2
8 4 .
1 h
9
3 1
6 1
1 h .
5 '4
7 2
4 2
8 4
2 hi
9
1 4
3 'a
2 2
5 hi
7 2
4 4
8 6
6 h
9
1 2
2 h
I 1
4 1
63
5 li
7 1
8 6
9
1 6
2 2
3 h
4 1
5 2
6 hi
7 2
8 10
9
i nurpe
Tompkins ....
Perry
Narvaez
Enos
G. Wilson
Hennessy ....'
McDonald ....
3-2
8
3
10
6
5
6
4
25
2
12
5-2
40
7
5
20
8
60
Taylor
Time. l:20i. 2 . Winner, Earnshaw Bros.' b. h. by Imp. Cavalier-Spinster
Won easily. Second and third driving.
Good start.
1010.
THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $300.
r.
948 Banewor 97 1
982 Owyhee I
(982) Canape 1081 3
997 Sweet Cakes 102 6
957 Cleodora 92 4
■■ H'.x :<« 1/
948 Banewor .
982 Owyhee . .
[982) Canace ...
997 Sweet Cah
997 Cleodora .
... .Mice Rlx
•jf, :49.
"Won cleverly.
9 'j 1 4 4 4 5 1 % Woods 5-2 2
Wi 5 2 1 2h 2ns Piggott 5 6
J°Bj 3 lh 3\i 3ns iMcNichois ... 6-5 6-5
kes 102 ! 6 3h lh 410 IClawson 4 9-2
»2 4 6 5 2 5 8 (Ryan 75 75
'•* 2 ... 5 1 6 6 jFrawley 75 200
Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's br. t. by Imp. Stromboll-Guidon. Go^start
Second and third driving. * '
4 4
2 1
1 h
3 h
c
5 1
4 5
2 h
3 %
1 h
& 2
6
2 ns
3 ns I
4 10 j
5 8
6
Woods
Piggott
iMcNlchols ...
IClawson
Ryan
Frawley
1011.
Index. Ht
FOfRTH RACE— One and on eighth miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward-
purse, |350. '
orses. Weight.; St. StdT Km. %NT %m. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. \6v. Cl
T_J«_ U n .mo Woiphl
Index. Horses. weight. |
(933) San Marco, 8........110
(995) Claudius, a. 110
699 Metaire. 5 :..108
999 Wawona, a. 108
MS Coda, 5 101
(916) Earl Cochran, 5. ...107
918 Daylight, 5 106
940 Red Glenn, a IPS
! 3
2
5
6
1 .
8
7
4
2%
4 h
6 114
1 h
7 1
6 1
3 1
8
2 24
7 M
8
12
5 h
4 1
3 1
6 1
1 h
7 1
8
2 2
5 1
3 h
4 1
G h
1 3
- 6 %
4 M
2 14
IK
6 M.
3 hi
8
1 24
4 1
lit
2 h
5 X
7 1
6 1
8
1 2
2 li
3 1
4 h
5 h
6 1
7 2
8
Piggott
[Hennessy ....
R. Narvaez. . .
Clawson .....".
McDonald
Gouln
1
7
15
6
10
5-2
15
12
8-5
15
40
15
20
3
30
15
Tompkins
O.
Time, 1:.",:,',. Winner. Miller & Blazer's eh. h. by imp. St. Blaise-War Dance
■tart. Won easily. Second and third driving. uance.
Good
1012.
FIFTH RACE— One mile; tl
; purse, |400.
Index. Horses. Weight. |St. %m. %m.
1000 Fonsovannah. 3 101 2 1 Vt lb
(991) Recreation, 3 91 3 4 4 '
959 La Qoleta, 3 SI 4 3 1% 2 2
566 Rosormonde, 3...... 86 1 2 li 3 h
.000 Fonsovannan. a i"i - ■ I*4 1 a in
[991) Recreation, 3 91 3 4 4* 3 2
959 La Qoleta, 3 SI 4 3 1% 2 2 2 1
666 Rosormonde, 3...... 86 1 2 h 3 h 4
Time, 1:41%. Winner, S. C. Hildreth's b. c. by
cleverly. Second and third driving.
%m.
1 h*
3 2
2 1
4
1 h 11% cis
2V* 2 1 |w
3 5 3 8 Kil
* 4 Me
Fonso-Savannah.
Str.
1 h
2%
3 5
4 - ' ■■
Fin.
2 1
3 8
4
lawson ......
'oods ........
aw son
oods ..
Hey ....
cNlcbol
Good
Is
2 11-5
1-2 3-5
10 15
1 ... 6 8
start. Won
Iley
cMr-hols ...
|O|Q SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four- year- olds and upward; purse, $350
Index. Horses. Weight. | St. %m. %m. \m. Sti\ Fin. I Jockey's fo^ —
c.
i
998 Miss Ross, 5 101 2
CP!>6) Zamar 11. 4 104! 6 ■
(985) Imi>. Mistral 11. 4.113 : 7
917 R. Q. Ban. 6 106 8
733 Rcadwartr.er, 6 103 1
178 V F, 4 lOl'lO
955 Loch Ness, 4 1071 4
874 O'Fleeta, 6 106| 3
... Venls, a KM B
... Barnatc, 4 104|ll
<978)jrrappean. S 112j 5
••i
4 %
2 i.i
8 2
6 '.4
1 Jii
10 5
7 2
3 >4
9 h
11
6 4
3 %
1 2
8 5
<6 hi
._2 %
• 6 2
4 M
9 1
10 1
11
11H
2 2
»«■
4 8
5 2
6 1
7 2
8%
9 1
10 1
:"il'v-/:
McDonald
Clawson
Perry
Gouln
McNlchols ...
Walnright ...
Piggott
Thorpe
Ruiz
12
6-5
10
6
20
30
3
5
30
30
30
4-5
40
15
15
200
3
20
200
200
K. Narvaez...
'* _ Time. 1:14%.* Winner. W. R. Griffin's eh. m. by Imp. - Roeglngtoa-Virg-inU. Dart, Good
•i_ •tart. .Won first three driving. _2~~^~~ - -'-•'— ' z -*~~ ' -—»—■—•■" '-:' -•! »-^«i— «-- -—;-•,. - Sss; Z^l
under its auspices for August 20. The
Mechanics' Pavilion has been selected as
the most appropriate place that a demon
stration of the kind could possibly be
held in the city, and the Larkin street
edifice will be rented from August 20 until
September 10. The fair will be in opera
tion continually except Sunda-- when it
will J»e temporarily closed. Chairman
Dt;asy of the executive committee and
Manager Buckley have opened offices In
the Phelan building, where those desirous
of procuring space for the erection of
booths will have a map of the entire
available space submitted by clerks to be
employed for the purpose of marking 1
definitely the exact posftions the individ
ual booths will occupy.
WAITING FOR ARMOR PLATES.
Work on the Wisconsin Somewhat
Delayed by the Non- Arrival
of Material.
"Work at the T T nion Iron "Works on the
United States battleship Wisconsin is de
layed by the non-arrival of the armor
plates intended for the vessel. Otherwise
the completion of the vessel is being hur
ried with all possible speed. There are
over 3600 .men employed in the yard, work
ing day and night shifts.
Work on the tugboats lately purchased
from J. D. Spreekels & Bros. Company
is receiving the attention of the yard
hands and they will within a very short
time be ready for service.
GAME BIRDS
FOR CALIFORNIA
Mongolian Pheasants to Be Im
ported and Liberated in
the State.
Streams Well Stocked With Trout
and the Fish Hatcheries Boun
tifully Supplied.
At the meeting of the State Fish and
Game Commissioners, held yesterday, the
subject of more extensively stocking the
State with Mongolian pheasants was dis
cussed at length. Some time ago the
Commissioners sent to Oregon for a lot
of these beautiful game birds, and many
j of those from the northern State were
I liberated in the most favorable valleys %>f
| California. However, the supply was not
j equal to the requirements, and the Com
missioners decided that greater efforts
should be made in this direction. Inquiry
was made through W. F. Russell of the
I North Pacific Coast Railroad Company
as to what the cost would be of getting
the birds direct from China, and a corre
spondent in Shanghai showed that they
could be landed in this city at a cost of
only $2 50 per pair, whereas it costs all of
! $4 50 per pair to get the pheasants from
j Oregon.
Upon this Bhowing the Commissioners
| decided to import about 100 pairs of birds
as an experiment from China. If they
I reach this port without much loss in num
i bers and In good condition it is likely that
1 a goodly number will be brought here so
th;it the entire State can be stocked. At
the present time pheasants are fully pro
i tected by law. Chief Deputy Babcock
! was instructed to make an investigation
; as to the freight rates on the proposed
| shipments of this kind of game.
Reports were made from the several
' trout hatcheries, all of which were of tho
most encouraging nature. At the Shovel
Creek station the take of trout eggs has
. been 750,000 so far and the run of fish is
| still fair. Superintendent E. \V. Hunt of
the Tahoe hatchery states that three and
a half million eggs have been taken. Ow
inp to the scarcity of water it has been
I derided that as soon as the number of the
take reaches four million eggs this work
will be stopped. The Increase in the take
this year over that of all other years Is
attributed to the fact that Placer and El
Dorado counties have passed local laws
which prohibited the taking of trout un
til June 1. or two months' longer season
than in the other counties of the State.
The State fish patrol la still on duty on
j the lake and streams leading to it, and
Placer County has helped greatly by fur
nishing a county patrol.
This policing of the trout waters has
prevented the Indians from destroying
large quantities of fish, as they usually
do. with spears and nets. In fact, th«
Indians have been driven away from
these waters altogether.
Another Important movement the Com
missioners decided upon was the resump
tion of the work of stocking the streams
of the State with black bass. Deputies
Wilson and Cross will start out on this
work at once and place these fish in all
of the available streams where they will
have any chance of living.
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
The monthly Free Day has been post
poned to Friday, May 13. •
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 6, 1898.
FIRST CHOICES
IN HARD LUCK
The Bookmakers Had a
Corner on the Money
Market.
Miss Ross at 3O to 1 Downed
Zamar in Clever
Fashion.
Recreation Led Past the Wire by
Fonsovannah — Canace Fortu
nate to Get the Show.
A g-ood attendance, one glaring reversal
and the downfall of four well supported
favorites were the principal features of
the sport at Oakland yesterday. The
bookmakers smiled and fattened In nock
etbcok over the misfortunes of the
choices, for all were extensively patron
ized In the ring.
The side step Recreation gave the crowd
In the mile run was a most costly one.
She carried commissions galore at the
short price of 3 to 5, and was rather
handily beaten by the second choice, Fon
sovannah. Under double wraps for nearly
six furlongs she would not or could not
respond when Woods called on her in the
run home, and was led past the tape more
than a length by Hildreth's good colt.
La Goleta ran so well that she will bear
watching in her future races.
In her last two races Aprona has done
nothing to warrant her having an out
side chance In a bronco busting contest,
and was allowed to go to the post at odds
of 15 to 1 in the opening five furlong dash
for maidens. With Rufus Narvaez up
she led all the way, and in a hard drive
got the decision from the favorite, Rosa,
by a short head. Flandes came fast the
last part and was placed third, although
it looked as if Rose Maid finished in that
position.
Joe Mussle downed a bad lot in the
seven furlong rtin next decided. He ruled
a slight favorite over Millbrae In the bet
ting and won by half a dozen lengths.
Zaraida took the place from the latter.
The finale to the four furlong scramble
for two-year-olds was a smashing good
one. resulting in a victory for the Burns
& Waterhouse entry. Banewor, piloted by
Johnny Woods. Canace was a 6 to 5
choice throughout the betting. Banewor
broke first, but was almost immediately
passed by both Owyhee and the favorite.
When the scratch was reached McNich
ols had the first choice in front, but fool
ishly drew his whip. Woods then passed
him on the outside with Banewor, win
ning cleverly at the wire by less than a
length, and he also was nosed out for
the place by Owyhee. astride which Pig
gott put up a great ride.
The mile and a furlong was a pickup for
the 7 to 10 favorite. San Marco. Piggott
had the chestnut horse in front when the
stretch was reached, and won galloping
from the hard ridden Claudius. Metaire,
at 40 to 1, dropped into the show.
In the final six furlong sprint the 4 to
5 choice. Zamar, was beaten through the
stupid riding of tiawsnn. With the race
well in hand in the stretch, he came down
the center of the track, which gave Mc-
Donald, on the 30 to 1 shot. Miss Ross, an
opportunity to slip up on the inside and
win cleverly by over a length. Perry got
the 40 to 1 chance, imp. Mistral, home in
the show.
TRACK NOTES.
It Is now an assured fact that the great mare
Fleur de Lis will not journey East this spring.
Trainer Ab Stemler had the daughter of Maxim
out on the track yesterday, and while galloping
she broke down badly, and will now be shelved.
Mike Hennessy, who rode Flandes in the
opening event was positive that he won. To
moFt outsiders it looked as though Mike was
fortunate in being placed third.
Potentate and Palmerstcm were recently sold
to a Nevada purchaser who will use these two
well-bred horses for breeding purposes. Dan
Honig also disposed of three mares to the same
party.
r. It waa not Sari Cochran's day. The lop
eared horse will run better some day later in
the meeting when the price lengthens out.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Eleven-sixteenths of a mile; sell
ing ; four-year-olds and upward.
615 Blue Bell 100 997 Gallant 102
577 Midas 105 615 Lorena II 100
221 Ml , ss Ruth l°o 995 The Dragon ....105
9,8 Celoso . 971 615 Mahognay 102
9.8 Grandezia 102! BS3 Glad Eyes 103
S<4 Mike Rice 107 i 995 Rapido 102
977 Nervoso 102 977 Senator Morrill.los
995 Stentor 99
Second Race— One-half mile; maiden two
year-olds; selling.
%£ MartUlo 93j 10 03 Mallakwa 105
9.2 Jennie Reid ....103 ! 1003 Racebud 99
inns Faversham 93 ... F amaro 103
10"3 The Miller 102 984 Master Lee 105
1003 Rey Hooker ....101 $63 San Augustine.. 97
inn."? Britomartls 90 gS7 Bly 102
J££ h' Mer lf| s ... Santa Flora .... 95
1003 Zacatosa 93
Third Race— Four and a half furlongs; two
year-olds.
1003 La Parasseuse.losl 954 St. Kristlne ...100
(1003)Exeursion 108 S6l Hannah Reid. .loo
954 Whaleback ....ins 972 Cheated 103
952 Ranier 103 954 The Fretter ...103
9M Santello 10SI 1004 Also Ran 108
564 El Mldo 108!
Fourth Race— Seven-eighths of a mile; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
910 Chappie 94 (99S)Olive 100
1013 Mistrall II ]03 967 Dolore 87
1000 Brnardillo 10 1 SlO Lost Oirl 93
(1007) San Mateo ....100 1 (977)NaranJa 87
9f '° s 'y 104' 1007 Howard 103
991 OTonnell ml 1007 Charles A 91
1007 Mamie Scott .. 89!
Fifth Race— One mile; selling.
1006 Imp. Missloner. 93 992 Mnrelllto 106
920 Pan Venado ...100 (992)Twlnkler 93
(S.'S)Oddson 96
Sixth Rare— Five-eighths of a mile; selling;
three-year-olds and upward.
1008 Rosa %i 1001 De Los Reyes.. 97
7.'.!' Outlay Iflo 955 Fly 112
927 Oahu 95; (946>Tempse 95
996 Bellicoso 115! 927 Ping 106
(9So)Valenolenne ...10.V 912 Peixotto 112
1001 Judge Napton.. 97 1001 Paticoy 10")
(lOODSt. Calatlne ... 95 1001 Tiny P 97
67 Chancy T 1051
TO-DAY'S SELECTIONS.
First Race— Mahogany, Midas, Blue Bell.
Second Race— Brltomartls, Rey Hooker, The
Miller.
Third Race— Excursion. El Mldo. Santello.
Fourth Race— Mamie Scott, Bernardino. Sly.
Fifth Race — San Venado, Morelllto, Twlnkler.
Sixth Race— St. Calatlne, Valencienne, Belli
coso.
PTJRE FOOD CAMPAIGN.
It Is to Be Waged With More Vigor
Than Ever Before.
James P. Dockery, chief food inspector,
inaugurated a new campaign against the
dealers in impure foods and milk yester
day. A lull in the fight for pure food was
caused by a misapprehension of the re
cent decision in the Superior Court. Now
that it is known that the pure food law
is valid, and that it was only insuffiiMency
of evidence that prevented a conviction in
the case tried. Inspector Dockery pro
poses to wage a vigorous war on all who
handle adulterated articles.
About twelve inspectors will be put in
th£ field. Some will look after foods and
others after milk. Arrests will be made
of all who sell adulterated or impure food.
Samples of all kinds of articles will be
purchased, and no further warnings will
be given the milkmen. It Is probable that
a raid will be made to-night on some of
the milk wagons.
Bead the exciting adventures of a
party of argonauts who have sailed
20,000 miles to search for Alaska's
gold; in next Sunday's Call.
Injured in a Collision.
James A. Grant commenced suit yes
terday against the Market-street Railway
Company to recover $5000 damages for
personal injuries alleged to have been re
ceived on March 16 last while driving
along Broadway in an express wagon.
An electric car of the Broadway system
ran into the team, and Grant was thrown
from his seat, receiving severe bruises
about the body and head. Grant claims
that the accident was due to the careless
ness of the motorman.
Bad Tea Destroyed.
Twenty chests of condemned Chinese
tea were put aboard the revenue steamer
Hartley and dumped into the bay yester
day. It has been the custom heretofore
to have all condemned teas burned in the
Appraisers' building, but the burning was
very troublesome and consumed so much
time that it was decided to destroy It by
throwing it into the bay.
BETTING IS
NOW EQUAL
Sharkey Has Taken a
Very Sudden Rise in
Pooling.
Doubtless Ho Will Be a Favor
ite Before He Enters the
Ring.
The Purchasers of Tickets Must Be
Carol ul of Counter
feits.
Tom Sharkey is as confident of de
feating Jim Jeffries this evening as is
Admiral Sampson of defeating the na
val fighters of Spain.
Sharkey said yesterday that when a
match with Jeffries was first sug
gested he never expected to have an
opportunity of meeting the man who is
held by many expert judges of pugi
lism as being the superior of all the
fighters, excepting the Invincible Fitz
simmons.
Regardless of the fact that Jeffries
and Sharkey are equally confident of
victory the strangest feature in con
nection with the much looked for con
test between two marvelously able fel
lows is that the sports who are sup
posed to know a "thing or two" about
pugilistic contests are about equally di
vided in their opinions.
The only line that can be taken as an
evidence of the sincerity of the con
testants to fight for the honor and
emoluments at stake is the betting.
Jeffries, who certainly should command
the lead in the betting, with all things
considered, sold a strong favorite from
the time any wagering had been in
dulged in up to last evening, when a
marked change took place. For the
past week Sharkey was the under dog —
that is so far as the gambling end of
the game is concerned.
He figured for a time as low as $7
when Jeffries sold freely at $10, but
even at these figures the Sharkey men
! did not flood the market. In fact, very
[ few bets were registered.
Yesterday the Sharkev end took a
sudden jump in the ascendency, and
several large commissions were re
ceived at Crowley & Raggett's and at
Corbett's poolrooms to be nlaced in
front of the sailor's name. The order
of betting changed Immediately, and
Sharkey, boosted by his supporters, ran
from 7 to 10 to even money, and at
these figures the pool-sellers had large
wads of Sharkey money when they
closed shop.
Doubtless the Oakland sports will re
ply to-day with a large bag of coin,
which may alter the order of betting
somewhat and place Jeffries on the long
end.
Notwithstanding the fact that even
money was offered last evening in the
auction pools, Jeffries sold a strong fa
vorite in the paris mutuels as the fol
lowing table will attest, viz:
At 10 p. m.—
Jeffries. Sharkey.
From 1 to 4 72 32
From 5 to 9 188 82
From 10 to 13 107 68
From 14 to IV » 38 35
From 18 and over 58 63
Of the men it can be said without
the least fear of contradiction that
Sharkey and Jeffries are In splendid
condition to do battle for a nation, and
the general belief is that the best man
will win.
It Is to be hoped that the best man
will win and that the referee, Alexan
der Greggains, will decide accordingly.
This is Greggains' opportunity to
make or break. If he will be directed
by the advice of political sports then
his career as a referee and that of an
honorable man will end avd further
more a bad decision will certainly
sound the death-knell of pugilism in
this city.
Dan Lynch, although seemingly tak
ing not the least interest in this con
test, has been closeted with political
men who are In a position to kill or
elevate pugilism in this city.
Sufficient to say, however that if an
other Fitsimmons-Sharkey episode will
result then the sport of pugilism will
receive its well merited downfall for all
time.
The managers of the National Club,
Messrs. Groom and Gibbs, request that
the purchasers of tickets will be care
ful not to accept any tickets from out
side parties, as the market is flooded
with counterfeit tickets, which will not
be honored at the entrance to the Pa
vilion.
Agitator Kidney Dead.
"William Kidney, an old-time local poli
tician and self-constituted agitator, died
at the City and County Hospital yester
day afternoon. Kidney was arrested on
Tuesday for drunkenness, and when taken
to the Central Station showed symptoms
of illness which brought about his re
moval to the Receiving Hospital. From
there he was transferred to the City and
County Hospital, where he died. His ill
ness was caused, it is said, by exposure.
Kidney's first appearance in the political
arena was on the sand lot in the palmy
days of Denis Kearney. In some things
he was well informed, but his peculiar
method of imparting his information made
him an unwelcome orator on the political
rostrum.
The Actors' Fund.
At a meeting of the board of trustees
of the Actors' Fund of America, held in
New York a few days since, the Aldrich
percentage plan was adopted as the best
plan that could be devised for the pur
pose of keeping the treasury of the fund
in such condition as to meet the con
stant drain. After the plan was adopted
a circular, stating the many worthy fea
tures of the fund, and a pledge to be
signed by the various managers and
actors throughout the country was sent
out, reading as follows:
Aetnrs' Fund of America— To the Board of
Trustees: We pledge ourselves neither to give
our theaters Without charge, nor our services
as managers or actors for any benefits (ex
cept In case of national calamity or local pub
lic disaster) unless the recipients of said bene
fits Bhall agree to turn over 12v, per cent of the
gross receipts thereof to the Actors' Fund of
America, to assist in its philanthropic work
of caring for the sick and dead of the theatrical
profession.
The above pledge has been duly re
ceived and signed by the firm of Freid
lander, Gottlob & Co.
ALL THE TRUTH
WILL NOW BE TOLD
Examination of the Case
Against the Railroad
Commissioners.
Collis P. Huntington Cited to Appear
Before Judge Heacock to Testify
to All the Facts.
For several days the attempt to induce
C. P. Huntfneton to tell something of
Southern Pacific affairs has been In prog
ress before the Railroad Commission. No
success has been attained there so far as
anybody has been able to notice. Now
Mr. Huntington is to be given another
chance. There is some curiosity to know
whether he will be so frank and open be
fore the second tribunal.
Mr. Huntington has been subpenaed to
appear next Monday and tell all he knows
concerning these delicatft matters. There
is a hope that during the course of in
quiry he will he requested to reveal the
whole truth concerning the charge that
his company has devoted certain sums
for corrupting certain papers, of which
the Examiner of this city is suspected of
being a sample. In fact it is expected
the president of the Southern Pacific will
be asked right out in meetin' if he ever
paid that publication $1000 a month, also
why. It may also be determined if he
paid it J7OOO for printing Creed Raymond's
speech, and $5000 for the purpose of in
ducing it to maintain a dignified and non
committal attitude while the Pattison
committee was at work.
Judge Heacock yesterday morning be
gan taking testimony in the case of the
Southern Pacific Company vs. the Rail
road Commissioners of the State of Cali
fornia. A week ago United States Cir
cuit Judge Morrow decided that all evi
dence relating to the expenditures of the
railroad company for lobbying and for
the subsidizing of so-called anti-monopoly
newspapers was admissible, and Commis
sioner Heacock is taking the testimony
on those lines.
There appeared for the railroad com
pany yesterday John Garber, J. E
Foulds and E. S. Plllsbury. On behalf of
the Railroad Commissioners Attorney
General Fitzgerald and Deputy Anderson
were present.
The only witness examined was George
T. Klink. auditor of the disbursement de
partment of the railroad company. He
told about the amounts of the different
mortgages upon the roads, and stated his
willingness to furnish the complete de
tails next Monday morning at half-past
10 o'clock.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
oaso »»»»»»««» » a a as » « a a a » w » » ttcnoHcSoa'aH 1
1 CURES STOMACH TROUBLE.!
a . a
a Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt Again Proves Its -»j
« Great Curative Power. »;
C^ — — £
3 Dr. Sanden says that the 8
o /^\ health of the human body de-
:[ SpendsS pends upon the vitality in it.
a A'/^iiAS^. ■■•"*">'■ Sickness or weakness of any ?
8 y^i/^yLyi \T^^l? kind is impossible when all $
a I Vi I frA //(ft \~\ the organs have sufficient $
5 • M»h2>V-K^M strength to do their work. $
« O "___Vlf_lll M: 2 That is reasonable, is it not ? a
o 3r*2f7^»23^^^p^ Now, Dr. Sanden's Electric »|
« ■ l^F\<c£r' Belt fills the body every day
3 v^asSi^> S* . /j \t7^2 with vital strength, and na- w;
8 j Ij \\^v ture thus aided soon over- $
comes disease. £
» THERE ARE MANY CURES LIKE THIS.
~ , LAFAYETTE, Contra Costa Co., Cal., May 3, 1893 &
w DR. A. T. SANDEN: . Dear Sir— l have used your Belt for one month «
& , and have derived wonderful benefit from it. I suffered for years from '
n catarrh of the stomach, weak back and constipation, in fact my general &
w * health was very poor. I had taken lots of medicine without relief, but as «
& soon as I got s-our- Belt I began to improve, and now I feel entirely cured **'
** as I have not had any of the troubles since I cot the Belt. Of course I & :
w recommend it highly. Yours truly, JOHN C. LUCAS &
':[ ELECTRICITY A ORE AT TONIC. »
£ It is nature's vital force. The body cannot live without it. a.
$ If you are weak or sick you need electricity. Quit drugging .^' •
8 and try it Read Dr. Sanden's book, "Three Classes of
» Men," free. »
* SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., * ' ■' '■ •• ¥ »
£ 632 Market Street, San Francisco. $5000 REWARD &'
NOTE— Make no mistake In the number— ■ Will h*> naiii *«- «^ '« it'-
& 632 MARKET STREET. , . " m De . Paid for one of «i
w Office hours, Ba.m.toB p. m. Sundays. 10.- these Belts which fails tf
■**; to 1. : Branches : at Los Angeles. . Cal., 204% ' to ccnprato o ™,~-~^Lt.~ * " '
« South Broadway; Portland, Or., 253 Washing? -cm g f" crate a current, of .$.
** ton street; Denver. Colo.. 931 Sixteenth street; ■Electricity. C*
8 Dallas, Tex., 285 Main street , * • " "." '.' * ' " : "" . ' ' ■ '. ■ a
■ »aaaaaaa«aaaajs£< a aaaja _aaa»»o^j w^^j 5 §'
LIABILITY OF
TOWBOATS
Mate Pederson Cannot Recover
From the Vigilant's
Owners.
Tha Schooner Danlalson Should
Have Followed tha Tug Better
Than She Did.
An interesting case, involving the lia
bility of towboat owners, was decided by
the Circuit Court of Appeals, when they
held that Louis A. Pederson was not
entitled to damages from the John D.
Spreckels & Bros. Company for a broken
leg. He was injured on board the schoon
er S. Danielson in Santa Barbara Chan
nel on December 1, 1894. while the ship
was in tow of the tug Vigilant.
The tug had been passed a line, one end
of which had been brought through the
breast chock, and from there was led to!
ths "pawl bit," where it was made fast.
The ship had been under tow for about
twenty minutes when the chock broke,
and Pederson, who was parceling tha
line near the chock, was thrown against
the capstan so violently that his leg was
broken and he was otherwise injured. Ha
sued the owners of the tug for damages,
alleging that the tug had not been skill
fully handled, and that it was towing too
fast. The decision was against him in the
lower court, and the Court of Appeals has
affirmed that ruling. Pederson was sec
ond mate of the ship.
In deciding the case the court declares
that the tug was properly handled and
that the rate she was going was a safe
one for tnwing. Testimony was quoted
to show that the line was fastened to the
wrong bit, and "had it been passed farther
aft, so as to tow in a straight line, the
chock would not have carried away.
It was also held that the vessel towed
must keep in the wake of the tug towing,
and this, it was declared, the testimony
showed, had not been clone. The com
plainant must prove negligence on the!
part of the tug, the court alleges, and
this had not been done. In fact, the court
announced as its opinion that the acci
dent was caused by the negligence of taa
mate. i
CLASSIC DOGS TO COURSE.
Two Stakes of High. Quality to B©
Run at Ingleside.
The coursing at Ingleside this week
will embrace a stake for oid dogs and a
puppy event. Both were drawn last
evening. The all age feature brought out
no less than forty-eight of the highest:
class long tails, -while the youngsters re- i
sponded to an even score. In the all age
event the prizes will be $200, $100, $65; $35
each to the next three, $20 each to the
n^xt six and $2 50 to the next twelve. In
the puppy stake the winner will annex
$50. $30 to second, $20 to third, $12 50 each!
to the next two, and $5 each to the next!
five. The drawing resulted as follows:
All-age stake — I^owe & Thompson's High
Born Lady vs. E. Duffy's B B; J. Shea's Fi- I
renzt vs. D. Shannon's Swinnerton; F. Mc-
Coomb's Oleln -vs. J. Anthony's Tullermore; J.
Sheehan's Lass o1o 1 Gowrie vs. Kay & Tranf s ,
Crorapatch; Larkey & Rook's Myrtle vs. E. C. ,
Jones' Gaslight: Dillon & Reilly's Sunol vs. P. '
Brnphy's Benicla Boy; D. Ford's Bonita vs. W.
Dalton's Lady Napoleon: M. Cusack's Brown '
Eagle vs. Dillon & Reilly's Right Bower; O.
Reidy's Berenice vs. Kay ,fc Trent's Eclipse;
Lynch & Maher's Dakota vs. J. Dean's Con
nrmarn; Lowe & Thompson's Prince Hal vs.
Ford & Duffv's Trink; E. J. Henry's Little
Cripple vs. F. Moran's Van Kirk; E. J. '
Rusch's Van Xernla vs. J. Rogers' Little Dot
tie; D. Shannon's Signal vs. Kay & Tram's
Sylvia: R. Coohran's Let Fly vs. B. Dougher
ty's Tessie Fair: E. Honry's Haxkaway vs. W.
O'Neil's Promise Me; Lynr-h & Mahtr's M\-
tic Maid vs. J. Byrne's Scminole; J. Mc^nr
mlck's White Lily vs. J. Sheehan's Lady Jane;
O'Connell Bros." Lillie Twist vs. Deckelman &
Panarlos Glen Roy; J. Murnane's Flashlight
vs. O'Connel! Bros.' Senorita: D. Foni's Tilark
Swan vs. J. Byrne's Occidental: T. McHugh's
Sarcastic II vs. J. Dean's Xellte Conroy: G.
Sears' Ma.festie vs. D. Shannon's Sinoloa; T.
Brown's Rattler vs. D. Shannon^ Sweet
Music.
Puppy stake— Dillon & Reilly's Dauntless vs.
F. F.'loy's Revolver: Cronln & McDonald's
Thornhfll vs. G. Lncima's Xapoleon; J. Sater'3
Castaway vs. J. Shea's Ratbone; J. Egan'a
Mai<l of Erin vs. G. Murphy's Royal Prize;
G. Lucuna's Royal White vs. Larkey & Rock's
Liberty Bell; R. Kay's Killarney Lass vs.
Deok.-linan >t Panario's Royal Oak; J. McCor
mlck'fl White Wings vs. D. Shannon's Sou
brette; Larkey & Rnck's Minerva vs. F. Mur
phy's Obedlah; Owens & Lithing's Scarf Pin
vs. J. Murphy's Pempsey I^ass; E. Wilson's
Magnesia vs. I»w <!t Thompson's Phoebe.
"Don't give up the ship" and other
famous American battle cries; their
full stories told in next Sunday's
Call.
The Passion Play.
The "Passion Play" continues success
fully at the Baldwin every afternoon, be
ins displayed before the graze of spec-!
tators that have grown steadily in sizo
since the initial presentation. The per
fection of the animated pictures thrown
upon the screen is such that not the least
important feature of the great produc
tion, as it is given at Oberammergau
every ten years, is missed and a person !
sees the various characters full of life,
scenes of action and passing incidents in.
a most impressive manner. One of the
scenes of the play that is particularly
fine represents the placing of the crown
of thorns upon Christ's head. Then the
brutal guards press the cruel thing down
upon the victim's head until, as is most :
plainly seen, he falls forward in agony,
only to be dragged along by the crowd.
The "Passion Play" is to be continued
at tiie Baldwin every afternoon, including
Sunday, Saturday excepted, at 3 o'clockNEW PARK COMMISSIONER
The Successor to John Rosenfeld Appointed bu the
Goyernor.
A. B. SPRECKELS.
A dispatch from Sacramento announces that Governor Budd has appoint
ed A.' B. Spreckels as one of the Park Commissioners of Golden Gate Park,
San Francisco, vice John Rosenfeld. whose term has expired. The dispatch
says that while there are two other appointments to be made, the Governor,
following the lines laid down in his inaugural address, will not make any
other change in the Board of Commissioners for a month or two.
While it cannot be definitely stated that any one has been selected for
the next appointment, it seems to be understood that Dr. John F. Morse
will be chosen. As to the third Commissioner there is a deal of conjecture.
Rumor has been busy with the name of Colonel Kirkpatrkk. manager of the
Palace Hotel, but it is surmised that the Governor, while recognizing the
principle of a non-partisan selection, would not feel justified in naming two
Republicans on a board of three Commissioners.
A. B. Spreckels is a well-known citizen and Republican, and no doubt his
appointment will give universal satisfaction. The duty staked out for him
i? in line with his inclinations. He has always taken a deep interest in the
affairs of the park, and fortunately for the city he has the time and the
means to serve the public in this capacity. There is no salary attached to
the office, and therefore the only reward that one in this position can legiti
mately receive must spring from the knowledge of the Commissioner him
at he has done something to promote the welfare of his fellow-citi
sens. As a student in Germany Mr. Spreckels fancied the study in botany.
He is at hum.' among plants, knowing their natures and species. He is a
progressive, public-spirited man, who will take pleasure and pride in the
adornment and extension of Golden Gate Park.
GUNST IS
STILL IN
NEW YORK
The Police Commis
sioner is Seriously
111.
Has Abandoned His In
tended Trip to
Europe.
His Relatives Are Greatly Wor
ried Over His Condi
tion.
JUDGE TOBIN ALSO ILL.
The President of the Board Is Shortly
to Visit the Springs for His
Health.
Police Oommisssioner Gunst is a very
sick man. His friends are alarmed over
his condition, and fear that he will never
again occupy his seat in the Police Board.
Several weeks ago Gunst was granted
an indefinite leave of absence to visit Eu
rope in Bearch of health and rest. He got
a.« far as New York when he was taken
.sly ill. As his condition became
alarming, his physicians advised his re
moval to Atlantic City. He remained at
the latter place for n short time, and
was taken back to New York.
The fact that Gunst has not yet reached
Europe sef»ms to Indicate that his health
tfllly pro wing worse. It is believed
that he has abandoned his trip to Europe
and intends to return to this city. His
relative*, whil<- refusing to discuss his
condition, admit that he is "not well."
Dr. Keeney, who returned from New
York several days ago. has told several
of his friends that Gunst was a very sick
man. He advised him. it is said, not to
m;ikf the trip to Europe, as it would
seriously interfere with his possible
chances of recovery. It is claimed that
the Police Commissioner is suffering with
Bright* disease of the kidneys and is in
that stage that presages little hope.
Judy Tobln, another member of vie
Police Commission, is also sick. He was
taken ill about two weeks ago, and has
since been confined to his bed. At one
time his life was despaired of, but the
attending physician has now hope for his
recovery. In a few days he will be re
moved to Skaggs Springs, where it is ex
pected he will regain his lost health.
Read the exciting adventures of a
party of argonauts who have sailed
20,000 miles to search for Alaska's
gold; in next Sunday's Call.
Struck by a Car.
Willie Porter, an ei^ht-year-old boy liv
inp with his parents at 219 Dore street,
was struck by a Harrison street car last
nifrht and badly cut about the head. He
was taken to his home, where his injuries
were dressed.
Dispute Over Money Matters.
William M. Coward commenced suit
yesterday against George D. Toy to re
cover $1906 6<T claimed to do due for money
received for the us© of t,h© plaintiff.
ROSS HITS THE
SCHOOL BOARD
Says the Public Schools
- " Cannot ' Help Being
Corrupt.
k
f
Woman should Know More
About the Kitchen Says
Mrs. Sarah P. Carr.
The Woman's Congress Held ' Its
Final Social Meeting Last
Evening.
The woman's congress, which has been
in session for several days, held its final
social meeting last night. Tne election
of officers and the transaction of business
will take place on Monday afternoon.
The papers read both yesterday after
noon and evening were of the greatest in
terest and were the dessert of the confer
ence. A larger attendance than usual |
greeted the speakers and more enthu- j
slasm than has been shown this week was
seen.
Professor Ross of Stanford will never
forget the insult offered a Stanford grad
uate by some member of the San Fran
cisco Board of Education if his remarks
last night go to show anything. The sub
ject of his address which he delivered be
fore the woman's congress was "Can We
Escape the Growth of Social Distine
| tion?" He was mild until he came to the
■ question of public schools. He said that
he did not believe in sending children to
a public school if the private school were
superior to it. "How can the private
j schools help being superior," said he, "to
J the public ones when such a corrupt
Board of Education is elected as in this
city? Right ftere in this very city a Stan
ford graduate was refused a certificate
unless she paid $500. No wonder the
schools are corrupt when you have such
men in office."
"Equality as an American Ideal" was
the subject which David Starr Jordan
discussed to some extent. A few remarks
that- caused much favorable comment
were: "The greater number of people
who die do not die from any disease, but
merely because they are too foolish to liv«
any longer." "This country is now get
ting too large for any other country to
touch; they do not want to interfere with
us." Ending his remarks he said: "We do
not want to hold down our skylarks be
cause the chickens can't fly above uio
bushes."
Mrs. Sarah Pratt Carr spoke in the af
ternoon on the "Disintegrating Forces of
City Life." Mrs. Carr spoke for forty
minutes, and during that time she was
repeatedly applauded. In her address
she showed that she thought that a
woman's sphere was her home, that a
woman's mission was to be a good wife
and mother; that to understand how to
care for her house was the best knowl
edge of all.
Professor H. C. Babcock of the Univer
sity of California spoke on "The Mission
of the Social Settlements." He reviewed
his life in the South Park settlement in
this city, and seemed highly pleased with
its progress. He told of the mission of the
settlement and the good it did. He said
that the idea was to remedy the present
evil, and when the future comes along
with its misfortunes that another remedy
would be applied to them.
Injured in a Collision.
A jury was impaneled in Judge Hunt's
court yesterday to try the suit of Julian
R. Brandon to recover $75,000 damages
from the Southern Pacific Company.
Brandon, who was formerly engaged as a
real estate solicitor and instructor of
athletes, alleges that he received injuries
that will permanently disable him for life
during a collision between two trains near
Oceaa View April 1, 1897.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY G, 1898.
SHOULD BE
PUT OUT OF
THE WAY
Significant Remark
of the Spanish
Tourists.
They Threaten to As
sassinate Governor
Budd.
Think He Is Taking a Too
Active Interest in the
War.
THE POLICE INFORMED.
One of the Men Said to Bo In Hiding
at the Present Time at
Pinole.
There was considerable excitement
at police headquarters last night, due
to the report that two visiting Span
iards had openly asserted that they in
tended to assassinate Governor Budd.
The men arrived here last Friday on
the Eastern overland.
When this side of Sacramento one of
them was heard by a brakeman who
understands the Spanish language, to
say that Governor Budd was taking a
too active interest in the war and
should be put out of the way.
"He is an easy mark," the compan
ion is said to have remarked. "We can
get him at any time."
Suspecting that the brakeman under
stood their native language, the men
afterward conversed in subdued tones.
When Pinole was reached one of the
Spaniards, after wishing his compan
on good luck, alighted from the train.
The other did not leave the train until
it reached the Oakland mole.
He was soon lost in the crowd, and
whether or not he came to this city is
a matter o/ conjecture.
After seriously thinking aver the le
marks passed by the Spaniards the
brakeman, fearing that they intended
to assassinate the Chief Executiva, de
cided to inform Detective Seymour,
with whom he is well acquainted. Last
evening he visited police headquarters
and informed Seymour of the conversa
tion between the men. Seymour, after
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A WISE
Intelligent men have long
been convinced of ths desir-
ability of life insurance, but
certain of them have thought
it not wholly wise that a con-
considerable sum of money
should be given into the keep-
! ing of the members of their
family who often are wholly
inexperienced in the care of
money and the value of in-
vestments. Recognizing the
sense of this contention The
Mutual Life of New York
offers in its Continuous In-
come Debenture Policy a
contract which provides a
life income f-r a surviving
wife, and which also secures
a like definite income to her
children, and finally the re-
version to them of the sum
originally insured.
It is an income-producing
estate, and absolutely the
safest asset a man can leave
to those who survive him.
The contract provides for
the wife a life annuity of 5$
on the total amount of the
insurance, and at her death
either an annuity of 3$ con-
tinued to the children or the
payment of the entire princi-
pal sum to the child or child-
ren named as residuary ben-
eficiaries.
These are the simple, and,
at the same time, the great
advantages obtainable under
this pledge of faith and se-
curity of this great Company.
Further privileges and addi-
tional benefits are included
in the options of the policy,
but its great and important
value consists in the interme-
diary trust during the life of
the wife and at her death the
reversion of that trust for an-
nuity purposes or the pay-
ment of the full amount to
the surviving children.
No contract containing
such provisions can be had
elsewhere which can offer
any such intrinsic value.
This is based on the vast re-
sources and unassailable rec-
ord of
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK.
listening to his story, at once hunted
up Governor Budd, to whom he im
parted the information of the alleged
plot to assassinate him. The Governor
did not seem in the least alarmed, but
requested Seymour to do all in his
power to apprehend the Spaniards.
"Look out for that fellow at Pinole,"
the Governor is said to have remark
ed. "He may cause us some trouble."
As the powder works are situated at
Pinole and to prevent a repetition of
the terrible explosion at Santa Cruz,
which presumably was caused by
Spaniards, the police are doing their
utmost to locate the two men.
When seen last night Detective Sey
mour was inclined to be unusually se
cretive.
"Whether there is anything In it or
not I do not know," he remarked after
considerable questioning. "The brake
man, whose name I am not at liberty
to divulge, has been in the employ of
the railroad company for over twenty
years. lam convinced that he is tell
ing the truth, as he would have no
object in misleading us. He speaks
the Spanish language fluently, and
could not have been mistaken in the
meaning of the remark passed by the
blood-thirsty Spaniards."
Seymour admitted that he was look
ing for the two men and that he earn
estly hoped to apprehend them. The
Constable at Pinole has been advised
of the remarks passed by the Spaniards
and instructed to arrest the one who
left the train at that point.
THE CROCKER MINORS.
Mrs. Easton Wants to Be Relieved of
uuarding the Minor Children's
Estates.
Mrs. Adeline M. Easton, guardian of
the person and estates of Mary, Charles
Templeton and Jennie Adeline Crocker,
the children of the late Colonel Charles
F. Crocker, has petitioned the Superior
Court to be relieved of the responsibility
of looking- after the estates of her grand
children. She wili retain the guardian
ship of their persons, but asks that Henry
T. Scott and Charles E. Green, the execu
tors of -Colonel Crocker's will, be
awarded the guardianship of the estates
of the three children. Mrs. Easton, who
is the grandmother of the children, feels
that she should relinquish the guardian
ship of their estates, as she is growing
old and infirm. Judge Coffey will hear
the petition a week from next Monday.
IN THE DIVOBCL COURT.
Judge Hunt yesterday granted Catherine
Strong a divorce from Allen Strong on
the ground of neglect.
Mary Yeaton has been granted a divorce
from Charles H. Yeaton on the ground
of extreme cruelty.
Judge Hebbard yesterday granted An
gus A. Gilmour a divorce from Susan E.
Gilmour on the ground of desertion.
Judge Belcher has granted Laura C.
Brott a divorce from Frank Brott on
the ground of failure to provide.
Swimming at Sutro's.
The management of Sutro's baths has
prepared nautical entertainment for its
patrons for Sunday, the Bth inst. There
will be seven swimming events, beginning 1
at 2 o'clock. The first is a 75-yard race;
the second a 100-yard race; third, a spe
cial 220-yard event: fourth, trick and
fancy diving:; fifth, hurdle race, 150 yards;
sixth, high diving: and seventh, at 3:30
o'clock, an exhibition race between Tom
Sharkoy and Lob Ratto. The participants
will be members of the local boating- and
Directory or
>y SN i^^^j^MmHW^^-^^ ■:' "
TRANSPORTATION.
ALASKA ■YUKON
, TRANSPORTATION CO.
Will Dispatch Steamer "ALBION"
'/. From Portland, Or., for
K.OT.ZEI3IJE SOUND
.. .ON, OR ABOUT MAY 25.
Steamer NATIONAL CITY will sail from San Fran-
cisco for ST. MICHAEL,
Connecting with our river steamers for Daw-
son, on or about May 20. For freight anil pas-
sage, apply 3-STEUART ST., San Francisco.
It was the storekeeper at a little lowa town who
reTated that the first he ever heard of Ripans Tabules
was from a runner for a Burlington house, who gave him
a few. " I had been telling him that I had been a pro-
nounced victim of dyspepsia for several years, when he
took from his pocket a small vial, saying : • Here is what
you want.' Well, from that it came about that I began
to use Ripans Tabules. It may be that I would have
got well anyway, but of this lam certain : I have not
been troubled at all with dyspepsia during the last yeaii l^
swimmingr clubs, and some lively contests
are expected.
Sudden Death of J. H. Hefing.
John H. Hefing, or Haling, was
found dead in bed yesterday morn
ing in a lodging house at 519
Sacramento street. He was a native
of Germany and about 65 years old. Death
was from natural causes, but because no
physician had been in attendance the
body wa3 taken to the Morgue. Hefing
left $1600 in the Hibernia and the German
banks, and lived very economically on the
small sums which he drew every month.
Sent to the Insane Asylum.
Daniel King, a weak-minded youth, who
was arrested for breaking into the tailor
ing shop of N. C. Sorenson at 246 Ellis
street, was adjudged insane yesterday
and committed to the asylum at Ukiah by
Judge Borden.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hair
an
Hour's
RIDE UPON A
Chainless Bicycle
Will convince you that it is the
easiest-running, most noiseless
and perfect Bicycle ever made.
Test it at our expense.
POPE MANFG. GO. , Makers.
344 Post St Sun Francisco
1970 Pafie St Cyclcry
wm.ljTark,
102 Telegraph Aye Oakland
HO, FOR THE YUKON !
THE A NO. 1 BARK HUNTER
Will leave San Franciaco May 16 for
ST. MICHAEL AND
YUKON RIVER POINTS,
The bark Hunter is built of white oak, cop-
per fastened and has lately been thoroughly
overhauled and put in the finest condition.
Reservations for passage and freight at lowest
rates given on application. Low rate of insur-
ance on the Hunter. Call or address
H. D. LOMBARD & CO.,
16 California street, San Francisco.
1 ~~~
tin tied.
BIRCH Creek district: now nearly deserted
owing to lack of food; larger and lust as rich
as Klondike; produced about $5,000,000; 15002
100 feet: our new modern rteamer. Alice
; .-,. Rix, stops there gcin* to Dawson City; our
book free. Alaska Transportation Co.. 224
Montgomery Bt.. opp. Russ House. .
' GAS ENGINES. _
UNION GAS ENGINE CO,
339 HOWARD STREET.
GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
P. & B. PRODUCTS.
P. & B. BUILDING PAPER and P. & B.
I READY ROOFING, sold by all flrst-clas3 deal-
ers, are clean, odorless, of great strength, rea-
j sonable In price and easy to transport. They
keep heat. cold, dampness and dust out ', oi
bulMlngrs: are particularly adapted to Alaskan
trade. PARAFFINF PAINT CO.. 118 Battery
it. Tel. No.. Main 1763.
SLEDS. BOATS. ETC.
ARCTIC , sleds, - rctic dogs, Yukon boats,
pilot maps . to ' the I Klondike, i Alaska outnts,
steam launches and stern-wheel steamers, , with
boilers suitable to burn wood; 50 boats can bs
' ; seen at salesroom. G. W. KNEASS. 71S Third
•t. 'Phone Red 2361. '.-. .
' ■ -' ■' " ■-■■■■■■• • -. ■
—r■t■' ■ ■ - ■ :
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
• ~ r .V . < --•*•
: Spend your summer outing there and drink
from the famous
HEALTH - RESTORING SPRING.
- Large Swimming Tank. Mineral. Tub. Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many Improvements. ■ New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing, Tennis, Bowling. Billiards, Croquet.
Handball, Shuffleboard, Livery and Burros for
the children.'
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages, $10 to $15
per week; housekeeping cottages, $3 to $7 per
week. ■ •;.•■.-■•*-'
Call or address ■ ■ ::
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
22 Fourth St., San Francisco, or
B BARTLETT SPRINGS. Lake County. Cal.
-;■ Pamphlets mailed free.
Go to JStna Springs
this summer. Rates,
$10 to $12 a week. -
Round trip, $7.
•W. L. MITCHELL. Manager. . . ■
; ;{- '7-' Lidell, Napa Co. - <
PARAISOIIOT SPRINGS,
- Monterey County, Cal.
. ? For ; rest, health and pleasure, fine waters
and baths, j cleanest accommodation and table.
Parais.~> stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets'
at 613 Market St.. S. F. . . $8 ; : trains leave daily
at Third and Townsend 9 a. ' m for Solcdad.
For :; terms and free -• pamphlet : address ,R.
ROBERTSON, ; Manager. . , . . V
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
' LAKE COUNTY.
: ' This delightful watering ; place 'is located in
the midst of the Coast Range.VSg^feSSSS^:***?
*• Abundance ,of mineral : springs, hot and ' cold
plunge ., baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, x . fine ; stone ■ dining - room; telephone con-
nections,' electric lights, i livery accommodation;
good trout ■- fishtng .;•• and -> hunting. Round ' trip
tickets at Southern ' Pacific offices, $10. r - ■
- - • ; . JOHN SPAULDING.; Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULDING,. Manager.
/v «*£*& &*. . <^ : ; . ■;: '■' r/y. ?*s ; ; ,
Curative powers of springs and mineral baths j
unrivaled. Sixteen varieties of waters, i A most
picturesque spot and , charming climate. .;" Easy
of access; telephone connections and daily mail.-
Rates to suit all. Write J. MARTENS. Pro-
prietor, or in San Francisco, 416 Pine street, F.
A. . BUSSE. ' '"'- ••'-'■■■'..■'■. - ' •-' :
JLMf\ \* T A ITfc r\ s PR'NGS.
IB 1 I W A rC I 5 PLJTAH P. 0..
B.B.yJ' ▼▼ /-ll^i-P' LAKE COUNTY
Accommodations unsurpassed.
Rates. $8. . $10 and $12. Special terms to fam-
ilies. Postoffice and telephone. '
Round trip. $10. Southern Pacific office. 613
Market street.
Address . MRS. R. J. BEEBY. i
1/7 V\ r.AHn TlTrir And good treat-
I// \fl UulfU LtVaV ment go hand in
Ui ||\ hand at HOTEL GISELMAN.
fl jl ly Lakeport, Cal. And Bood treat -
UUUV LILSV mnnt go hand in
hand at HOTEL GISELMAN,
Lakeport, Cal.
A. H. SPURR, Proprietor.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing and health resort on the Coast.
For particulars write to EDSON BROS., Bes-
wick, Slskiyou County, Cal.
♦ ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious climate; pic-
turesque scenery;, mountain walks; pure
spring water; beautiful drives; pine groves;
lawns and : gardens. The best advantages I for
those who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture in a short time. Address St.
Helena Sanitarium. St. Helena, Cal. ' •
LAUREL GLEN FARM.
Fine spring water, plenty of milk, cream,
fruit and home comforts; $7 to $9 per week;
children, half price. For particulars address
MRS. V. STUBENRAUUH. box 159, Napa. Cal.
HILLSIDE F*/\R/V\.
Fine spring water, fresh butter, eggs and
milk; magnificent location; grand scenery.
Rates, ?7 to $9 per wek: children, half price.
Address MRS. B. KUNZEL. Napa, Cal. . .
AT 'BELHONT, SAN MATEO COUNTY.
' Board for summer months: private family;
croquet grounds; large sunny rooms, billiard
room and salt water swimming baths; con-
, venient for business men and families. = MRS.
M. HANSEN. ■ : ■: V . : -
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Most wonderful waters; . all kinds of skin
diseases cured in marvclously short time; kid-
ney, liver, . catarrh, ' rheumatism and stomach
troubles immediately relieved: rates $10 to $18
per - week. ' Long-distance telephone. Address
J. •A. HAYS, Proprietor. Lake County.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
, Two miles from Hopland: unequaled soda
and magnesia springs; hot and cold baths; fur-
nished cottaKPs:" terms $10 to «'2 per week.
Telephone. Buy through tickets. O. HO WELL.
Proprietor, . Hopland,' Cal. . .
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure:
new ' dining-room, 130 ft. ■ lake frontage; new,
stable and- livery ; boating and ; bathing- free:
$8 to $14 per week; round trip, $9 60. H. WAM-'
BOLD. Prop.. Bertha P. 0.. Lake County. , Cal. ;
SANHEDRIN ,i i HEIGHTS jv
: LAKE : COUNTY— the nines ; 4000 feet
elevation; nature's game preserve: beautiful
scenery; purest *t r; coldest water: good . shoot-
Ing; fine trout fishing; vegetables from our own
garden ; unexcelled . table ; > home comforts. L.
B. FRASIER, Sanhedrin P. O. .
•'SUMMER HOME FARM.
,"' Santa Cruz Mountains, first-class family re-
sort ; ■ cottages, : tents, ■* hunting and fishing; =' ar-
tificial lake for boating and swimming; long
distance ■ telephone; campers' return • tickets
$2 50. : Send ■ for circular to J. H. HAESTERS.
' Glenwood, Cal. •..-.';- , _ .-...• .-..
HOTEL LARKSPUR.
NOW OPEN. : . . NEW. MANAGEMENT.
Salt water bathing and boating. Fine drives.
KOPKINS " & CO., Proprietors.
. ■ Larkspur, Marln County, Cal. '
JOHANNISBERG.
. Famous mountain health and pleasure resort.
Elevation 1200 3 feet.*. Relief for '-■asthmatics.
; Fishing, ■- boating, "1 hunting and \' swimming.
Terms, $7 to 110. Send for circular to '
. -,; :■ JOHANNISBERG RESORT. -Napa, ' Cal. :
LONGWOOD
FRUIT FARM. ;AN IDEAL OUTING PLACE.
::-'.* City p. references. Bend * for i illustrated ; pam- ;
phlet. Address. G. . M. - 6HOUL.TS • * , BON.
Napa, OU, _ i
A ffIAGIC_ ISLAND I
SANTA CATALINA.
A field for health and pleasure without a,
counterpart in America or Europe. Most phe-
nomenal rod and reel fishing in the world.
« ild g-oat .shooting. The great stage ride.
j Delightful coast excursions. Novel out-door
■ sports. Music, dancing, pyrotechnics, water
j carnival, etc.
HOTEL METROPOLE
Always open; modern appointments; efficient'
management.
ISLAND VILLA
Open July L SPLENDID ARRANGEMENT!
for campers. .
Full Information, rates and Illustrated pam-
phlets'.
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO..
222 SOUTH SPRING ST..
_^ Los Angeles. Cal.
HIBHLAND SPRING^
-„ LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA : FOH
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINER AIi
springs In America; all kinds of amuse-
ments; new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
ing alley. First-class accommodations; rates
reasonable. Write for illustrated pamphlets.
San Francisco office, 316 Montgomery street.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS, Cal. -
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered ' home. 7 Bath house rebuilt, elegants
I porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc.
i NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
■ Tepid Swimming _ake. Long-distance Tele-
phone, Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms, $10 , and $15 per week; $2 and $2 50 per
day. ■..-.-.:.'■ R. M. HORTON, Proprietor.
01/1000 HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma Co.
\KA||!|\ Only AVt hours- from S. F. and
UllfivUVlbut 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
in State;, swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain, scenery; ; excellent climate; . good trout ;
i streams at "door; photographers' room; tele-
I phone, telegraph, daily mail; FIRST-CLAS3
SERVICE; morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from S. F. only $5 50; take Tlburoa
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $3 a
i day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of th»
past three > years. 3. ,F. MULGRE Prop.
CARLSBAD ! ; : ~
<■■ MOST BEAUTIFUL SPOT IN LAKE COUNTY. \
The Mineral Springs are well known. for mar-
! velous • cures when : everything else failed, ; es-
i pecially in cases of STOMACH. LIVER, KID-
NEY and v BLADDER v affections. New . hotel
: superior : accommodations ; /$3 to ' $10 per we-»k;
roads l excellent; \ good = trout . fishing and deer
huntinr on property. [ For particulars '/rite W.
R. * McGOVEPN, • Caijlsbad. Lake County. ■ -,
SUMMIT SODA
■ v-v ■.:---"■.■:■'•. SPRINGS,
- On line of C. P. R. R. > Elevation, 6009 feet.
Daily \ mall. ", Telephone connections. ■■ New ac-
commodations. ■. Open June 1. . Address GOUL>
DEN & ; JACOBS. Dormer, Placer, Co.. : Ca!.
AKra-"W"i2sr's.,
On Howell Mountain; elevation ■- 1750 feet; ;
swimming j tank ; 100x40; '■■■;■ temperature -of water '
78 ' degrees; ~? climate '.unsurpassed; chalybeate);
and other : springs; : tennis, , croquet, riding. !
driving;. $10 to $12 per -week; two. trains dally;,
four hours from- city. Telephone. ~
E. ANGWIN, „ Angwln, " Napa ; County. • Cal. _~
i Tuscan SPRINGS, ;?,v
Tehama County. - By i. rail ■; to •;.. Red > Bluff, - 199 ?.
miles; " fare, $6 45; daily '■ stage . to ■ springs, ■ 9 :
miles; fare. $1; elevation 1000 feet; 20 furnished
cottages for rent; | accommodations at hotel • for E
100 • people; telephone, telegraph and ■. postofflc« |
in hotel ; rates, ■ $10 and • up; • send for book of; '
information and testimonials. ED. B. WAL-
BRIDGE, Proprietor. v.— .'
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS HOTEL,
j Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F., via Tib-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Hotel completely remodeled and refur-
nished. Water, gas, electric bells. Rates $10 to
$12 per week. $2 per day. Address AGUA CALI--
ENTE SPRINGS, Aqua Caliente. Sonoma Co.. '
Cal. '.."-■:■ - - '.. ■:•...'.'' ' ; .■■■ ' -;'
HOTEL BEN VENUE,
Lnkeport, Cal.
Situated on the* shore of Clear Lake; fine
large grounds; special facilities for families
and children; home cooking; boating, bathing,
fishing: rat^s reasonable. Address FRANK
SCALES and A. M. SCALES. , I
SODA BAY RESORT.
Most delightful spot in Lake County; hunt-
Ing, fishing, boating, swimming; table sup-
plied with best market affords. Address HEATS
& BURLINGAME, Proprietors, Soda Bay.
Kelseyville, Lake County, Cal. . " - '
ORR'S HOT SPRINGS— I 4 miles from Uklah: '-
charmingly located; )% mile' from the red-
. woods; fine fishing and hunting; free hot.
mineral baths, water 106 degrees; sure cure,
for rheumatism and skin diseases; round trip -
$9 50: terms $1 to $1 50 per day; best family .
board. J. H. ORR, P. P., Mendocino Co., Cal.
TOCALOMA: Bertrand Hotel: N. P. C. R.
R. ; Marln County. . Cal. ; first-class . ccommo-
datlons at reasonable rates; good fishing:
beautiful drive to Pear Valley. JOSEPH F. .
BERTRAND, proprietor; city cf flee, 324 Kearny
St., every Friday, from 2 to 5 p. m.
SANTA CRUZ Mountains, Blackburn Gulch, 3
miles from Santa Cruz; plenty of ' fruit on
the ranch ; good table and pleasant surround-
ings. Terms, $5 per week. Address ■W.
CRANDELL. Santa Cruz. x
WRITE W. H. MILLER, Ukiah. for livery ac-
commodations . to springs in Lake and Men-
docino counties to save money and obtain
* good service. . . ■
•W'RITK SMITH & HILL, klah. for- livery
• accommodations to springs: In Lake and Men-
docino counties., . to save , money and secure
-"'■ comfort. ' • ■' '_ -
THE WEEKLY CALL
o^ It Publishes the Cream of th©
News of the Week and
3 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
c^ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BRST WEEKLY .
O< PAPER ON THE
2 PACIFIC COAST
2 \ / — '
3 The Best \ / Mining
°j Telegraphic \y News That
°\ Service on /\ Is Accurate
c< The Coast / up to date
c^ Not a Line of it Sensational
W or Faky, and; Not a Line of y
*J ■ it Dry or Uninteresting.
C~J Bright, Clean, A Champion of :
;. Tj ; Thoughtful. Truth.
l) A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
2: ALL THE
3IT ADVOCATES I SENT BY
°1 HOME MAIL, Sl.3§
.OJIINPUSTRIES X_/k YU%
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Sliver advanced.
Wheat continues to* Jump.
Barley higher.
The other cereals unchanged.
Hay lower. Straw unchanged,
Feedstuffs as before.
Beans show no weakness.
Potatoes unchanged.
Vegetables abundant.
Butter and Eggs about the same.
Poultry generally steady.
Fresh Fruits unchanged.
Dried Fruits quiet.
Lard advanced.
Meats unchanged.
Quicksilver advanced.
O Clear <$ Partly Cloudy
©, Cloudy Bain Snon
StiADf D AREAS SHOW PReCIPITATIOf
DURING PAS>T 12 HOURS
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station indicate minimum temperature
for the days; those underneath it. if any. the
'amount of rainfall or of melted snow In inches
and hundredth s during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or bo! lines, connect points of equal,
air •.-lire, isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
■temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by lair weather; "low" refers to low pressure
and Is usually preceded and accompanied by
■cloudy weather and rains. "Lows' usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high in the Interior and low
•along the coast, and the Isobars extend north
and south along the cast, rain Is probable;
•but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of.
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Im
•probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Califor
nia coast, warmer weather may be expected In
Himmer and colder weather In winter. The re
verse of these conditions will produce an oppo
site result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time).
SAN FRANCISCO. May 5, 5 r- m.
Following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka, 50; Fresno, Los Angeles, 7u; Red
BlufT, 74: Independence, 72: San Diego. 64;
Sacramento, 6s ; San Luis Oblspo, 64; Tuma, 90. j
Francisco temperature: Maximum. 56;
m 4v mean. 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL !
FORECASTS.
An area of high pressure Is apparently mov- j
ing in on the northern portion of the Pacific
Coast. A second area of high pressure overlies !
Wyoming, the Dakotas. Nebraska and Colo
rado. Between these there exists a trough of
low pressure.
The temperature has risen over Utah and
Nevada. It has fallen over Washington, Ore- ;
gon and Northern California. The temperatures |
In the great valleys of California are about
normal.
Light rain has fallen on the Washington,
Coast and in Utah.
■ The following maximum wind velocities are j
reported: Port Angeles, 26 miles per hour
from the west; Eureka, 2S northwest: Carson j
City, 26 west.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty I
.hours, ending midnight, May 6, 1S98:
Northern California— Fair Friday, with fog
along the coast In morning; fresh northerly
winds.
Southern California — Fair Friday; fresh west
erly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Friday.
. Utah— Cloudy Friday.
Arizona — Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Friday, j
•with fog in the morning; northerly, changing:
to fresh westerly winds..
Special report from Mount Tamalpn-is, taken
at 5 p. m.— Clear, west; wind west, 6 miles;
temperature, 62; maximum, 56 degrees.
ALEXANDER McADFE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, May Professional operators j
all turned bulls to-day after a brief period of
doubt and hesitancy after the opening of the
. Stock Exchange. As ; a matter !of fact, \ they
•were forced into this position by the unmis- j
takable temper of the outside public, mani- j
fested by their disposition to come in the mar- i
ket and buy stocks In large blocks at the i
market price. The professional operators were
made somewhat wary by the failure of the
London market to show any Independent inter
est In American securities yesterday, while
Wall street was taking a holiday. The same
elements were apparently rather suspicious of
the advance in London before the opening here
this morning, and were disposed to attribute j
It to manipulation from this side. Prices here i
failed to respond at the opening to the London !
advance and ruled below the London purity j
for a considerable time. The market was full |
of outside buying orders and business was on
a large scale, but had a very heavy burden of i
profit taking sales to carry, and the small
opening gains were In large part wiped out
during the first hour. The reaction here failed j
to impair the confidence In London, where !
Americans continued very active and strong. \
The buying here for arbitrage account was also ■
on a very large scale in all the international '
stocks and turned the scale to the bull side. '
Large operators who had taken profits 'on '
Tuesday and this morning, impelled by appre- |
hension that the rise was progressing too fast, i
felt renewed confidence on account of the sup- j
port accorded to London and the outside public
and turned buyers of stocks again. The mar
ket presented all the characteristics of the
rampant bull spirit. From time to time the
general strength was taken advantage of for |
heavy profit taking In special stocks. At otner
times. when there was a disposition for busi
ness to languish individual stocks were pushed I
vigorously upward for the purpose of sustain
ing the general market. Rock Island was the
center of interest In the railroad list and was !
lifted l'« points to a parity with St. Paul.'
Sugar was furiously active and very volatile j
all day, covering an extreme range of 4% points
and gaining 3% points net. The large majority
of stocks traded in are at least a point higher,
and net grains range from that up to 3 points.
There was no special development in the situa
tion to account for the buoyancy of the mar
; ket beyond the general conviction that Spain's
capacity to carry on the war is nearly ex
hausted.
. The bond market shared the activity and
strength of the stock market and shows higher
prices all around. Total sales, $2,525,000.
United States new 4s registered advanced *£, I
and United States new 4s coupon % in the bid i
price. Others were unchanged.
The total ; sales of stocks to-day were !
615,000 shares, including: Atchlson preferred I
11,460; Chesapeake and Ohio, 5750; Burlington' i
30.856; Louisville and Nashville. 15.520; Man
hattan, 22,250; Metropolitan Street Railway,
9060; Reading preferred, 8250; Missouri Pacific
9945; New York Central, 12,950; Northern Pa
cific preferred. 5950; Rock Island, 34,450; St.
Paul. 43,850: Union Pacific : preferred, 45,120;
American Tobacco, 31,235; People's Gas, 9351-
General Electric. 3050; Pacific Mail. 363"i; Amer
ican Sugar, 90,332; Tennessee Coal and Iron,
3125; Western Union C 520. .
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison .. 12 Do pref 140
Do pref 2SVi Si f M & 11.... 131*4
Baltimore <Sc Ohio 17V» So Pacific 14^
Canada Pacific ... S3 So Railway B*4
Canada Southern. 50 Do pref 28 1 * '
Central Pacific ... 12H Texas & Pacific. 107,
Ches & 0hi0...... 20% Union Pacific ... 66%
Chi & A1t0n..... 156 UP D & G....... 6%
Chi B & Q. ....... 97% Wabash . 6%
Chi & E 111...... 49 • Dor pref :....... 17V*
CCC &St L.... SHI Wheel & L E.... 1%
Do pref 75 vDo pref 8%
Del & Hudson .. 109 ' Express Companies—
Del L & W...... 160 Adams Ex .: 100
Den & XI G .. 12% American .... 124 '■
'•Do pr>:f 46% United States ....'; 39
Erie (new) 13 Wells Forgo . 11. [
Do Ist pref .... <34* i Miscellaneous—'
Ft Wayne ;...:... 167 A Cot Oil 19U
Gt Nor pref ..... iZi\i Do pref ........ 7';'' 2
' Hocking Valley .. C>£ Amn Spirits ..... 10%
Illinois Central .. 102 Do pref :27>4
Lake Erie & W.. IS Am Tobacco 1..... 109 :
Do ; pref ......".. 72 Do pref ........116 : r
Lake Shore;"..... 183 ' People's Gas ..... 94%
1 I*yiis ; & •!>' aah „ ■'..,. Cods Gaa.^. . . . . . . . . 185 N
Manhattan L .... 102%! Com Cable C 0.... 160
Met St Ry 147% j Col F & Iron 21%
Mich Cent 105 | Do ~ref 90
Minn & St L V 2<!%|Gen Electric 34%
Do Ist pref .... 81% ; Illinois Steel 52
Mo Pacific ....... 309% Laclede Gas ..... 45%
Mobile & Ohio ... 27% Lead 32
Mo X & T....... Ilk Do pref ...:.... 104
Do -ref 34% Nat Lin Oil .... 18
Chi Ind & L 9 Or Imp Co 30%
Do pref 25 Pacific Mail 27
N J Central 94 Pullman Palace .. 176
NY Central .....114% Silver Cert f6
N V Chi & S L... 13 Stand R& T 4
Do let pref 65 Sugar 13-%
Do 2d pref .... 31 . Do pref ........ 110%
Nor West 13 TC & Iron. 22%
No Amer Co 5% V S Leather -6%
No Pacific ....... 26% Do pref 61%
Do pref 6G% U S Rubber 19
Ontario & TV..... 15% Do pref ........ 68%
Or R & Nay 47 West Union 89%
Or Snort Line.... 28 Chi & N W....".. 123%
Plttsburg 167 Do pref 171.
Reading 18% St L & 8 W....V. 4%
Do Ist pref .... 43% Do pref 9%
Rock Island .... 93 ROW 23
St L & S F 6% Do pref •• 50
Do Ist pref .... 57% Chi G W ......... 12%
Do 2d pref .... 26V Haw Com Co ZJ
St Paul 92% !U P Common .... 22
Do pnif 142' j0 R & N 46%
St P & Om 73%
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 121 N Carolina 65.... 120
Do coup ........ 121 Do 4s 102W,
U S 4b 108 No Pac lsts Uo
Do coup 108% Do 3s 60*4
Do Ms 95 Do 4s 93%
US os reg 110 . N V C & S L 4s. 102$
Do 5s coup .... 110 Nor & W 6s 112%
District 8.66s 112 Northwetrn cons. 135
Ala class A 108% Do deb 5s IIS
Do B 100 O Nay lsts 113%
Do C 90 O Nay 4s 94%
Do Currency ... 90 OS Line 6s tr.... 121%
Atchlson 4s 89% O S Line 5s tr.... 101%
Do adj 43 61% O Imp lets tr.... 105
Can So 2ds 107% Do 5s tr ....... 67
Chi Term 4e 82% Pacific 6s of 90.. 103
C & Ohio 6s 112 Reading 4s ...... 82%
C H & D 4%s 104% R G W 15t5....... S2
D & R G lets.... 104% S L & I M C 6s. 90
D& R G4s 90 St L&S F G 65.. 116
East Term lsts.. 106 St . P Con 140
Erie Gen 4s 63% St P C & P lsts.. 115
F W & D lsts tr. 69 Do 6s 114%
Gen Elec 5s 99 So Ry os ......... 90%
GH& 8 A 65.... 106 Stand R& T 65.. 60
Do 2ds 103 Term new set 35.. 85
H & TC 6s 109 T &P L G lsts. 100%
Do con 6e 110 Do Rg 2ds 33%
lowa C lsts 98 UPD & G lsts.. 53%
La new cons 45.. 97 Wab Ist 6s 106%
L & N Unl 45.... 87% I Do 2ds SO
Missouri 6s 100 TV Shore 4s 10.
MX & T 2ds 60 Va Centuries .... 67%
Do 4s 88 Do deferred ... 5
N V Central lsts.. 114 II" P pref 66%
N J C 5s 112% U P 4s .-. 93
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar V Ontario 2 50
Crown Point C c Ophir 35
Con Cal & Va.... 56 Plymouth 12
Deadwood 76 Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry.... 18 Do pref 200
Hale & Norcross. 42 Sierra Nevada ... oo
Homestake 40 Of' Standard 150
Iron Silver *4 Union Con 10
Mexican 10 1 Yellow Jacket .... Oo
BOSTON.
BOSTON, May s.— Atchlson, 11%: Bell Tele
i phone, 259; Buriington. 9S; Oregon Short Line."
; 29. "
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, May s.— Close: Money on call,
firm, 2',i(J?3 per cent; last loan, >.M per cent.
Prime mercantile paper. 6^7 per cent. Ster
ling exchange easier with actual business In
bankers' bills at 4 84<f4 S4Vi for d?mrr.l. and
$4 8M&04 81 for sixty days. Posted rates. $4 81
©4 82 and 14 85®4 B.'>S Commercial bills. $4 R0v 2 .
Silver certificates, 56(g57c. Bar -Ml /er, KVfcc.
Mexican dollars, 45c. Government honds
strong. State bonds, dull. Railrjud bonds,
strong.
LONDON MARKETS.
NEW YORK. May s.— The Evening Posfs
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here opened dull to-day on Lord Salis
bury's speech, but closed better, except In con
sols" and similar stocks, which were lower on
the rise In money. Argentine and Brazil
stocks were flat. The default by the latter
Government Is freely discussed. Americans j
were pood, closing at the best. They opened |
above the New York parity and that market \
responded to the rise here. Spanish exchange j
was nominal, at the lowest record. The In- |
surance premium on stocks at Lloyds on the j
possibilities of a war between France and j
England has risen to ten guineas, but It is :
mere betting. !
Details of the gold movement for the week ;
show the purchase of £1.343,000 In bar
gold and in French. German, Russian and j
Japanese coin, the receipts of £350,000 from
Austria, of £197.000 from Australia, of £150.000
from Germany, of £1K).000 for New York ex
port end of £40.000 from Chirm. and the ex
port of £7000 to South America.
There were indications to-day that the
preparation for the Chinese indemnity pay
ment was beginning to tell and the market
had to borrow from the bank.
CLOSING.
Grand Trunk, 834. Bar silver, uncertain. 26d
per ounce. Money, 2®2V4 per cent.
Spanish 4s closed at 30"*, a net loss of %.
PARIS, May s.— Spanish 4s closed at 30 1-16,
a net loss of 1 3-16.
BERLIN. May s.— On the Bourse to-day busi
ness opened somewhat depressed, owing to the
feeling of disappointment caused by the Mar
quis of Salisbury's speech of yesterday and the
decline In the price of Spanish 4s.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. May FLOUR— Receipts,
88,860 barrels; exports, 24.550 barrels. More ac
tive and decidedly higher. Winter patents,
$5 60<§ 6; winter straits, $5 KG') 50; Minnesota
patents, $6 50@6 85; winter extras, $4 lO@4 40;
winter bakers', $4 10<g4 20.
WHEAT— Receipts, 425,500 bushels; exports,
77,850 bushels. Spot strong; No. 2 red, $1 47
I . o. b. afloat to arrive. . Options opened ex
cited and higher and continued strong all day
with few and unimportant reactions. The re
moval of French duty and strong cables, were
the features. A squeeze in May shorts brought
a sensational late rise in that option, the close
being 22c above Tuesday, against I*;<tf6%c ad
vance in other months. No. 2 red May, $1 3257
145, closed $145; July, $1 07@l 10V4. closed
$1 09%.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
PETROLEUM— DuII. .
METALS— market for Metals continues
on the down course under general advance of
buyers. At the close to-day:
PlGlßON— Warrants were called easy at $6 65
bid and $6 85 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Steady, $12 10 bid and $12 20
asked.
TlN Quiet for spot, weak for futures at $14 50
bid and $14 60 asked.
SPELTER— at $4 10 bid and $4 20 asked.
LEAD— but steady at $3 70 bid and
$?, SO asked. The firm that fixes the settling
price for miners and smelters In the West
quotes Lead at $3 r>o.
COFFEE — Options closed steady with prices
unchanged to 10 points net lower. .Sales, 12,000
bags, Including May, $5 75@5 85; July, .$5 90.
Spot Coffee— Rio, barely steady; No. 7 -Invoice,
6%@6%c; No. 7 Jobbing, 7Vi<&7%c; mild, quiet;
Cordova, SV4sns*ic. , . • .
SUGAR — Raw. barely steady: fair refining-,
3%c; centrifugal, 96 test, 3 5-16 c; refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 9609 packages. Firm;
. Western creamery, 14^@17c; Elglns, 17c; fac
tory, 13@14Hc. •
EGGS— Receipts, 38,822 packages. Steady;
Western, 10y.<§llc; Southern, 10@llc.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. May s.— California Dried
Fruits— Apples, strong; other fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 5©7% c;
prime wire tray. 9c: wood dried prime, BVs><S.9e;
choice. 9c: fancy. 9'§9Vic.
PRUNES— 3W?Be.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 6%@Bc; Moorpark, B%@
10c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 5«?8c; peeled, Ilfl4c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, May s.— Liverpool set the ball
rolling in the wheat market by reporting an
other sensational advance there at the open
ing, the gain In July compared with the pre
vious day's closing- quotation being equal to
about 7c a bufhel. The reason for the Liver
pool advance was of course the Continental
competition for the wheat cargoes and ar
| riving off coast in the United Kingdom and
i the greater activity of France and Antwerp
| Importers to secure them. The grain duties
j having been abolished in France, Italy and
! Spain, leaves those countries to dispute with
the United Kingdom for possession of the
wheat as it arrives off coast on the other
side. The confirmation abroad, so clearly
given by the removal of the duties, Justified
apparently to the full the conviction with which
Leiter started in last July to buy wheat. The
Continental nations by throwing off the im-'
port duties seemingly admit their own stocks
have been practically exhausted. Active com
petition at Liverpool has caused a rapid ad
vance there for the past week; but the full
I force of the famine was not felt in this mar
ket until tc>-day. At the present time July
option is the active speculative month and
bears have sold freely, expecting to fill their
I contracts out of the new crop. But the May
i options appear to be controlled entirely by
Joseph Leiter, who, If to-day's market can be
taken as an indication, holds the few who are
still short to him In a "death grip."
The market opened at an advance of lc for
July and €c for May. As usual, the pit traders
sold and July wheat started at 99% c, sold up
to $1 00%, and dropped back to 98*ic. May
which began at $1 3., reacted to $1 31. Letter
brokers thought July on the decline and after
| accumulating a pouple of million bushei 3 with
j drew. Closing cables from abroad showed ad
; ranees of 7^c at London, ,'c at Liverpool. 4c
j at Antwerp and Cc at Paris. Then I,t-it.-r
I capped tho climax by announcing th.^ sale of
2.'R'".oot"> bushels of No. 2 red to a French syn
dicate at $1 47 per bushel. In addition Leiter
sold 730,M6 bushels in odd lota. This remark
able transaction set tho pit wild. May wheat,
which had rallied to the. opening price, $1 37
Jumped- to $1 50, with 2 and 3 cents between
■J sal(}£. The trad.9 was apt bread by any means .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 6, 1898.
It simply meant that somebody '-'■. had ' been
caught short and was trying to get . out ' re
gardless of the : cost. At $1 50 Leiter brokers
stopped the advance by selling a few small
lots, but the market closed strong at the fig
ures. July was handicapped by free liquida
tion for a time. . From around 99% c it grad
ually worked up. gathering strength slowly,
finally touching $101. Then it dropped back to
$1. Ten minutes • before ; the close It started
again and rose rapidly to $1 02. slid off In two
minutes to $1 01% and up again to *1 02. where
a tremendous amount was for _ sale, but Ii
broke the bonds and rose irresistibly to $1 03%.
slumped again to $1 02. and closed $102% bid.
a net gain of 3%c. , , : ,
Corn ruled dull and neglected. July closed
%c net higher. ; ■ ■. . ■ ■ ■
Oats ruled firm, but without especial feature.
July rallied near the close, winding up %c net
Provisions were dull and heavy, owing to
the large receipt of hogs at Western markets.
July pork closed 5c lower, lard 7c lower and
ribs 6c lower. i ;-/. -^
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2— " , ,«
May ......137 150 181 150
July 99% 103% 98% 102*
September 84 85 83% 85 .
December 82 82 80% 81%
May 1 "?:.?! 0 :.!?... 83% 34% 53% 34%
July 34% 34% 33% 34%
September 85% 35% 34% 35%
Oats. No. 2— "' ....
M^.* 0 :..^..... 30% 30% 30 30%
July 26% 27 26 26%
September 23% 24 23% 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl— ' ■ . -...
May ...... 11 05 1106 1100 1102%
July 1120 1132% 1120 1125
M^ :.. Per . 100 .!. l ? 2% 595 - 6 87% 690
May ....„ 6 92% 695 6 87% 690
July ............. 5 95 6 00 6 90 6 92%
September 6 05 6 10 8 00 6 02%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— 
May 5 55 .... .... 6 52%
July 560 6 62% 5 67% 5 57%
September 5 67% 670 666 665
Cash 'quotations were as follows: Flour,
strong on foreign demand; standard patent
quoted, at $6 75, ordinary do, *5 75@6; No 2
spring wheat. $1 15; No. 3 spring wheat. $1 08®
1 20: No. 2 red. $1 31<gl 50; No. 2 corn, 34%@
34% c; No. 2 oats. 30@30%c; No. 2 white, 33®
33% c; No. 3 white. 32©33 - No. 2 rye, 66@69c;
No 2 barley 40@50c; No. 1 rlaxseed, $1 35<3>1 35%;
prime timothy seed. $2 Co@2 75; mess pork per
bbl.. $11 05011 10; lard per 100 lbs., Jo 90®
5 92%; short ribs sides (loose), $5 85@5 70; dry
salted shoulders (boxed). 4%<?5c; short clear
sides (boxed). $5 90@6 10; whisky, distillers'
finished goods, per gal.. $1 20.
Articles- Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 14,000 14.000
Wheat, bushels 89.000 265,000
Corn, bushels 569,000 901. 000
Oats, bushels 435.000 172,000
Rye, bushels 7.000 1,000 |
! Barley, bushels 25.000 13,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 13016 c;
dairies, 12@15c. Eggs are steady; fresh. lO^c.
Cheese, dull and unchanged.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
i Minneapolis 204,440 61.560
» Duluth 109,347 44,552;
Milwaukee 43,666 1,300
Chicago 89,159 ■ 265,
I Toledo 15.104 3.762
St Louis 19.000 125.000
! Detroit 87,272 35.300
I Kansas City 29,000 . 64,500
Totals 598.983 601.276
Tidewater— _
Boston 79,678 ..
New York 425.206 74,000
Philadelphia 6.017 1,292 |
, Baltimore 81.948 61.560
New Orleans •••
j Galveston 1.100
Totals ....' 593,873 136,852
PARIS FUTURES.
; Wheat— May. Sept. Dec.
; Opening 63 35 54 40
'. Closing ....65 00 55 25
Flour-
Opening 29 75 24 75
Closing 30 45 25 45
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
■ May. July. Sept. Dec.
! Opening 10 2 9 SV4 7 9V4 71%
Closing ..10 4% 9 9 79% 7H
NEW YORK WHEAT MARKET.
• NEW YORK, May s.— The sensational fea
ture In wheat this afternoon was furnished
by the May option. In steady leaps and
I bound? of several cents at a .clip ' It bowled
: along until stopped by the closing gong at $1 45,
the highest price since the days of "Old
I Hutch." On this basis cash No. 2 red would
| be nominally worth $1 47 in this market. The
i July option kept very strong all the afternoon
i and closed finally at SI 09%. after sales at
' $1 10»4, representing advances of 6%c over Tues
! day's close and 2\c above yesterday's curb
| price. May closed 22c higher than Tuesday
i and 27c above the low . point this week. .It
was simply a gigantic squeeze of shorts, made
possible by the duty removals in France, Italy
and Spain, which is expected to swing an
enormous export business this way in the next
two months. The price of flour has advanced
75e for the week. '- - S •<-..-; ,-' ' j -
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, May S.— CATTLE— Trading In cat
tle to-day was less active with prices steady.
Sales were mainly $4 3J@4 90; common steers,
$4; strictly choice beeves, $5@5 25; stockers and
feeders, $3 90@4 75.
HOGS— Ruled strong and 2^4@sc higher. Com
mon, J3 90fi3 95; choice to extras, $4 15@4 20;
chiefly $4!§4'15. ' -
SHEEP— SoId at $3 25<8'3 50 for culls up to
$4 Sufi 4 40 for choice; shorn lambs, $3 75@3 85;
wooled lambs. $5 10«35 SO.
Receipts— Cattle, 10,000; Hogs, 38,000; Sheep,
14,000. . -ix, :•■-.;
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, May CATTLE— Receipts,
3800, all natives. No fancy exports j offered.
Dressed beef steers, steady; lighter 'grades, [
strong; sales, $4<5i4 SO; Westerns, $4 15<g4 75;
cows and heifers, steady. $2 Oofii 70; stockers
and feeders, $4@5 10; no Southern cattle.
HOGS— Receipts, official, 15,000. ' Bulk of
sales, $3 So@3 95; heavies, steady, $3 95(^4 1C;
j mixed, packers, $3 90*tt 95; lights, $3 65@3 85;
I yorkers, $3 80@3 85; pigs, $2 50©3 60.
SHEEP— Receipts, official, 2500. Muttons,
! $4 10@4 25; wool lambs, $5@5 30; clipped lambs,
j $4 25@4 50; stockers, $2 50(53 75.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. May s.— CATTLE— Receipts, 800.
; Market steady to strong; native beef steers,
$4@4 85 ; Western steers, $3 80@4 60 ; cows and
heifers, $3 25@4 20; stockers and feeders, $3 80© j
4 90; calves, $4 50*/6 50; bulls, stags, etc., $2 60
@3 70.
HOGS— Receipts, 4400. Market a shade to 5c
higher. Heavy. ?3 90<^4 05; mixed. $3 92H'J?3 85;
' light. $3 90@4; hulk of sales, $3 95@4.\ - ■•.: >
SHEEP— Receipts, 1900. Market steady. Fair
to choice natives, $3 70@4 60; fair to choice
Westerns, $3 50@4 35; common and stock sheep,
': $3-5 4; lambs, $4<§s 30.
DENVER.
DENVER. May 5.— CATTLE— Reeeits. 800.
Market steady and strong. Beef steers, $3 BfX(ji
4 40; cows, $36 4; feeders, freight paid to river,
$3 90(?i4 40: Ft.jckers, do, $4<Q4 60; bulls and
stags, $2^3 20.
HOGS— Receipts, 300. Market 10c higher.
Lipht packers. $3 95<R4; mixed, $3 90@3 95;
heavy, $3 90^4.
SHEEP — Receipts none. Market unchanged.
• OREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. May s.— Consols, 111%; silver. Ms;
French rentes, 102f 92V4c.
LIVERPOOL, May s.— Wheat, firm; cargoes
off coast very Ftrnng, 2s higher; cargoes on
passage, very strong 2s higher; English coun
try markets generally Is dearer; French coun
try markets dull; wheat in Paris, irregular;
flour In Paris. Irregular.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 17-32.
CLOSE.
CORN— May, steady. 4s 2M)d; July, 8s 10% d;
September, steady, 3s 10% d.
HOPS— At London, Pacific Coast, £2 10s@£3
10s.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, May s.— The local wheat market
Is firm with but little change in prices. There
is nothing in the European and Eastern flurry
that can benefit this market. Walla Walla
was moving at 94696 c to-day, and round lots of
bluestem would command $1. Valley, on ac
count of the difficulty of getting a cargo to
gether so late in the season, will not bring
more than 97c to SBc.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, May 5.-Who- market strong with
an advance of 2 cents and Indications of a fur
ther upward tendency to-morrow. Closing: No.
1 club, 98c; No. 1 bluestem, $1 02.
LONDON WOOL BALLS.
LONDON, May s.— There was a good attend
ance at to-day's wool auction sales. Large
catalogues were offered and prices were firm.
There was a good demand, especially from the
Continent.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. May s.— To-day's Treasury
statement: Available cash balance, $213,324,
995; gold reserve, $151,240,358.
PORTLAND BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, May s.—Exchanges,. —Exchanges, $281,768;
balances, $58,132.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND ; BULLION. ' -
Sterling Exchange, sight ........ — $4 $l\
Sterling Exchange, 60 days —'■ 4 83 .■
Sterling Cab1e5.......... ...;..—.  4 BCH
New York Exchange, sight.. — ■ I/i
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — • 10 -
Fine Silver,' per ounce ..".........;.— " SGV4
Mexican Dollars ::..... ..V...;; — Nominal
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS. ,
. WHEAT— Another scramble -. for Wheat at
Chicago, : during .which -May advanced j to ;$1 53
and July from 98% c ■■- to '$1 02%, sent prices j here
up " again s under ' excited , : trading s and V heavy
transactions. , Dealers are i all at sea and some
of them: do , not attempt to quote Drices,.". .:. ~
■': Hot - north 04 & reported, jta causing
'"■■■'.- ■ . ••• -•• '. '."■ ■■ ■ ::. :>" ■=■ ■. t .-.■■■■-■■-. ..
considerable damage In Washington, where
the California drought Is said to have made
its appearance, as the usual spring rains are
wholly lackinj. All conditions Beem against
Wheat this year.
Tidewater quotations are: Shipping, $1 75@
1 77%; milling, $i 82%<gl 87% per Ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session 9 15 o'clock — December —
10.000 ctls, $1 73; 2000. $1 73Vij 10.000, BJWi
12,000. *1 73%; 4000. $1 73%; 12.000, $1 73%; 10 005.
$1 72%; 25.000, $1 724' 36.000 $1 72*4; 2uOo, $1 .2;
20rt0.1l 72%; 12,000 |i' 72*.
Second session— December— l2,ooo ctls, $1 .2%;
4000. $1 72; 4000 $1 72* • 8000, $1 72%; 2000, $1 72%;
2000. $1 72%.
Regular morning- session — Decembor — 60OOctls,
$1 75; 2000. $1 74T4- 4000, $1 74%; 4000, $1 74%;
2000. $1 73%; 4000 $1 73% 2000, $1 73*; 4000. $1 73;
2000, $1 73%; 2000, $1 73%. o/wv ,
Afternoon session — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 71%; 4000, $1 a J 6000, $1 70%; 18.000. $1 70%;
2000, |l 70%: 22,000 $1 70; 60. $1 70%; 8000. $1 70*;
2000. $1 69*; 2000' $1 69%; 2000, $1 G9%; 14,000,
$1 69%; 12,000 $1 69%
BARLEY— The spot market was stronger,
but there was not much going on.
Feed, $1 35@l 37%; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second session— December— 4ooo ctls. $1 32%.
Regular morning session — December — 2000
ctls, $1 32%. May-2000, $1 37%- ,  „„
Afternoon session— December— 2oooctls, $1 31%;
22.000, $1 31%; 2000 $1 31%: 2000. $1 31*.
OATS— Were quiet and unchanged.
Fancy Feed $l 42"r!<ai 45 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 35<i'l 40- common, $1 30®l 32%; Sur
prise, $1 45@1 50; 'gray, $1 32%@1 3.%; milling,
$1 35@1 42% per ctl.
CORN— Quotations show no disturbance.
Small round yellow $1 25 per ctl; large yel
low, $1 10; white $1 12%@1 20 for local and
$1 07% for Eastern.
RYE— sl 37%@1 40 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-$1 75g2 -per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family Extras. $5 75@6 85: Bakers'
Extras. $B 50@5 60 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs- Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $6; Cornmeal, $2 50: extra cream
Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal. $4; Oat Groats, $4 25;
Hominy, $3 25@3 50- Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 2o;
Cracked Wheat, $3 75: Farina, $4 75; Whole
Wheat Flour $3 25- Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 80
<i? 6 20. in sacks $5 60^6; Pear! Barley. $4 75;
Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peas. $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFB.
A car of new Oats, the first of the season,
came in from Mayfleld. It was very poor,
being foul and not over six Inches long. No
body wanted It and $.12 50 was the best bid
for it. There will be a good deal of such Hay
this year, and by and by people will be glad
to get it. •
The market is lower, owing to heavy receipts
from outside sources. Of yesterday's receipt!
120 tons came from Oregon and three cars from
Utah. This fcrelgn Hay is Alfalfa and Timo
thy. It is not strictly No. 1. but It serves to
weaken the market if it arrives too freely.
Feedstuff* are unchanged.
Br N— s2o ?0r per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S23 SO@2S 60 per ton. . ;
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $29 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the n..11. $31031 50; Jobbing,
$32@32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24@25: Cottonseed
Meal. $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal. $24 50; Crack
ed Corn, $25.
Hay— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat, $21®
25; Wheat and Oat, $20©M; Oat, $IS©2l; Bar
ley, none; compressed Wheat. $22®25; com
pressed Oat, $IS@2O; Alfalfa. $12 60<g14 60; Clo
ver, nominal; Timothy. finals.
STRAW— 9oc@sl 10 per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS. .
There is a rumor that an attempt Is t>elng
made to depress the Bean market for buying
purposes, but as yet prices show no weakness.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 95@3 05; Small Whites,
$2 li>«i2 25; , Large Whites. tifii 12^; Pinks,
$2 65@2 75; Reds. $2 75@3: Blackeye, $3 50@3 75;
Butters. $1 65@1 75: Llmas. $3 25; Pea, $2@2 10;
Red Kidneys, $2 50@2 75 per ctl.
i afIEDS- Brown Mustard, $2 25@3 50 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. $3 156:5 25; Flax. $2 25; Canary
Seed, 2',4®2»ic per lb; Alfalfa, 806e; Rape, 2V*&
2^c; Hemp. 2* «3c; Timothy. s@s^c.
DRIED PEAS— $1 75@2; Green, $1 900
2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
■o« Angeles String Eeans brought 6@7c per
lb. Green Peppers, 15c and Tomatoes $1 25@
1 50 per box.
There was 'no change of note in anything
yesterday, . the : market being amply sup
plied with all descriptions.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 15@35c; River Reds,
50c; River Burbanks, 400600 per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, 50@75c; Petaluma Burbanks, 50
@60c per sack; Sweet Potatoes,- nominal; new
Potatoes, I(a2c per lb.
Australian, $3 6(Xg>4; new, $I@l 25
per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 729 boxes As
paragus, 460 boxes Rhubarb and 696 sacks Peas.
Asparagus, $2 for extra large, $1 50@l 75
per box for No. 1. 60c@$l 25 for small; Rhu
barb, 40*5 per box for small to good and 65@
&5c for extra choice; Green Peas, 75c@$l 25 per
sack; Garden Peas. 2S2'.<jc per lb; String Beans,
from Vaeavillf. 6*i v-; . Horse ■ Beans, 50@75c
per ■ sack; Dried Peppers, 6@7c per lb; Dried
Okra, 12% c; Cabbage, 65@75c per ctl; Carrots,
SOS per sack; Cucumbers, 35@$1, per dozen;
Mexican ; Tomatoes^. Jisyi'so. per .box. . ■<"-'
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES— r.
Potatoes sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25
lbs;, sliced desiccated, 16#18c; granulated raw.
13c; Onions, 60c: Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage, 30c:; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
25c; String Beans. 30c; Tomatoes, 60c. :
. . ________ - -,-.:. -. •--■?•■: ' '
POULTRY AND GAME.
Hens continue, to drag. Young stock is
scarce and • firm. Otherwise there Is nothing
new.
A car of Eastern sold at 12@13c for Turkeys,
$4 for Ducks, $5 50®6 for ' Hens $S for young
Roosters. $1 To for old do. and $6 50 for Fryers.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. ll@l2c for Gob
blers and Il((zl2c . for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$l(jj.l 25; Goslings. $1 50@l 75; Ducks. $3®4 for
ers. young, $7 50@8 50; Roosters, old. $3 50@4;
Fryers, $6@6 50: Broilers, $4 50@5 50 for large,
$2 50<g>4 for small ; Pigeons, $1 00@1 73 per dozen
for young and $1 25 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Dealers are having their annual wrangle
over prices for Butter. Some insist that they
are selling creamery at 20c, while others insist
that nothing over 19c can be obtained, and
there the matter stands.
Eggs are quiet and unchanged. . . . .
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy ' creameries, 19c; seconds,
18V4c • •
Dairy— Choice to- fancy, 17W@18^c; common
grades, 15@16i4c per lb. • -
Eastern Butter— lmitation - creamery, 16®
16V4c; ladle-packed, 15@16c per lb; Eastern
Elgin tub, lSiglSc. :
-, CHEESE— Choice mild, new, 9<?Tloc; common
to good. 7%@B»£c: Cream Cheddar, 10@11c;
Young America, 10@Uc; Western, ll@12c; East
ern, 12H@13V4c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 12@13c per dozen; store
Eggs, lK&ll'/ic; Duck Eggs, 18c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Currants are expected dally. -.'-
Cherries and Strawberries are slow of sale
at weak prices. The few Gooseberries coming
in go slowly, Blackberries, 15c : per basket.
Oranges are in heavy supply and unchanged.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— .
Receipts: were 723 chests of Strawberries and
331 boxes of Cherries. ■■■ *-
Strawberries |3@4 , per chest for large
ami $3®4 for small berries In bankets, and
$5(56 for loose. . '
Small white Cherries, •35{?50c per box; red,
50@75d; black, 76091 GO. - ' .: :', , ;
Gooseberries, 35©40 - per drawer. :
Apples, 40(g50c per box for common, "RrQ'fl
for good to choice and $1 25<9~1 60 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Orange*. $1 l>o<S"2 26;
Seedlings. 40c@U; Lemons," HcAf] for common
and Isl 25<52 25 for good - to . *: choice ; Mexican
Limes, 13 Wi(34 50; Callfornln Uxatm, In small
boxes, 50^60c; Bananas, $1 25Cf2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3@4 per ; dozen. •',■.»'
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS. KAtPINS. ETC.
Yesterday was ; another quiet, day. with no '
change In price*. .
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots. 4%@
5c for 40-50's, 4^4@4Hc for 1 50-60's, ,3?4®4c for
60-70' s, 3%(ff3Hc for 70-80' 2%@3c for 80-90' s. 2*4
@2Vfec for itO-lOO's;: Peaches, 3@sc: fancy, 1
6c; peeled, 10f(il2Hc; Apricots, i srgi6Vic for Roy
als: and 7@Bc for.good; to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 6%@7c; sun-dried. 4@sc;
Black Figs, in sacks, 2@2Vic; Plums, 4%@4%c
for pitted and IV«(ViI 1 for unpitted :,:. bleached
Plums, s@s'mc; Nectarines. 4@6c for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2»,4®4%c for quarters and 3iSJSV4c
for. halves, according to color, etc. '■■■-•'
UAIBINB— for two-crown, 3c for three
crown,' 3V4c for four-crown, ' 4V4C for Seedless
Sultanas. 2%c for Seedless I Muscatels and*
1 10 for London layers; dried Grapes, 2M>c.
PfTJTß— Chestnuts are quotable at^Sc per 1b;
Walnuts, y/<t*f for hardshell and 4©6 c for soft
nh»ll; Almonds, 3<-(Z>»c for hardshell, C@iC for
■w.ftdhHl. BVt<&9o for paper-shell; Peanuts. 4@
(.Ma tor Eastern and . 4%c for California: ; Pe
cnn«. SVi'S'Sc; Filberts. S'.4(f?loc; Brazil Nuts,
|M) per 11. ■ cocoanuts. $4 5005 per 100. ■ «^
HONEY— Comb,- 9@loc for bright and 6@<c
for lower Krndes; water-white extracted, 5%@
•0; IlKht amber, extracted. 4%@5V6c. per lb.
naBBWAX— per lib.
PROVISIONS.
I.nrd is % cent up. No other ' changes. -.
, ' CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9c per lb for
heavy,' »V4c ' for light" medium.' 10% c for light,
lie for ; extra llcht and '. 12c ; for sugar cured;
Eastern' sugar cured Ham.-. lOHfllc: Califor
nia. Hams. 9H@loc: r Mess Beef. $19 60 per , bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11; . Family Beef. $12; Salt
Pork. 's3; extra prime Pork. $10: extra clear,;
$17017 50; mess, $15: Smoked Beef. 12c per lb.
IjAßD— Eastern tierces . quoted at ; 6c per lb
for compound : and 7^c- for pure: pails. 8V1C;
California ; tierces, : 5%c per lb for compound
and 7c for Turf, half barrels, 7»4c; . 10-lb tins,
go; 5-lb tins, BHc. ,: ; .-.' : •' • ' '*';];-<• -. '■■-•-? "'■ : '-'-'rf
COTTOLENE— -6%®6?4c: packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-lb palls. 60 In a case. B%c;
3-lb palls,"; 20 In a case, B%c; 5-lb pails. 12 In a
case. SI4C; - 10-lb palls. C In a case, SVtic; 50-lb
tins. :l or 2ln a case, 7%c: wooden buckets. 20
lbs net. 7%e; fancy tubs.' SO: lbs. net. 7%c; half
barrels.. about 110 lbs,: tike per lb. -,/.:.,
' HIDES. TALLOW, ; WOOL AND HOPS.
. HIDES , AND • SKINS— CuII* an<? brands ; sell
.about Hpiw. tha - Hea-V^fj^ji
steers, 10c; medium, B%®9c: light. B%e; Cow
hides, B%@9c; Stags, 5c f salted Kip. 9c; Calf.
tOe; dry Hides, 15@16c; culls and brands, 12®
13c: dry Kip and Veal, 16@16%e; dry Calf,
lS<g!9c; culls. 16®17c; Goatskins, 30@37%c each;
Kids, s@loc; Deerskins, good summer. 2f><g3oc
per lb; medium, 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20@25c each; short wool, 40<gt>0c
each; medium, 60@S0c; long wool. 90c@$l 20
each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3@3%c per lb;
No. 2, 2@2%c; refined. sc; Grease. 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquln, defective. 7@
9c; Southern Mountain. 9@llc; free Northern,
120i13c; Northern, defective, 9@llc per lb.
HOPS— IB 97 crop. 10@14c per lb.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6%c; second quality,
5%®6c; third quality. 4@sc per lb.
VEAL- Larsre, 4#sc; small, s@6c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. SGB%c; Ewes, 8c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, B@B%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 3%c for large and 4e for
medium; stock Hogs, 2@2%c; dressed Hogs,
6%@6%c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bag 6. nominal; San Quentin, $5 30.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $S; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle,
$6- Bryant. $6: Coos Bay. $5: Wnllsend, $7 50;
Cumberland. $in 25 in bulk and $11 50 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $H; Cannel. $10
per ton; Rock Springs. Castle Gate and Pleas
ant Valley, $9; Coke. $12 per ton in buk and $14
in sacks.
QUICKSILVER— Is higher at $41 per flash for
local use. The war affects the price, as it
shuts oft the Spanish supply from our mar
kets.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered, 6%c; Dry
Granulated, s%cj Confectioners 1 A. 6%c; Mag
nolia A, 5%e; Extra C. 5%c; Golden C. 6%c;
Candy Granulated 6c; California A. 5%c per
lb; half barrels *c more than barrels, and
boxes %c more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday, May 5.
Flour, qr ska ... 22.635| Hops, bales B
Wheat, ctls 870 Wool, balee 885
Barley, ctls 8,336 Shorta, sks 600
Oats, ctls 4601 Pelts, bdls 815
Butter, ctls 399* Hides, no 692
Chees.e ctls 155' Eggs. doz 18,240
Tallow, ctls 123| Quicksilver, flsk. 103
Beans, sks 63] Leather, rolls ... 180
Onions, sks 6G5 Wine, ?als 29,400
Bran, sks 670 Raisins, sks i.25
Middlings, sks .. 417'Llme. bbls 240
Hay, tons 475 1 Chicory, bbls 10
Straw, tons 121
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... B.SS2 Middlings, sk« .. 3,700
Wheat, ctls 785 Shorts, sks 1.000
Barley, ctls 7.035 Hay. tons 120
Oats, ctls 1.1551 Wool, bales 27
Potatoes, sks ... 4, 095 j Hops, bales 5
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 400 i Oats, sks 706
Wheat, ctls 17,085 Bran, sks 1,430
Barley, ctls 5,940 1
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 1,6551
UTAH.
Hay, cars 3 I
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was rather more firmness in mining
stocks yesterday, but It did not amount to
much.
Kentuck Is assessed sc.
Business was much quieter on the Bond Ex
change. Stocks were steady, however, and
Oceanic Steamship sold up to $52.
The official letter from the Justice mine for
, the past week says: The winze started at the
face of the southeast drift Is now down a total
: depth of 48 feet; th" bottom being In streaks
and bunches of quartz giving low assays. Dur
c Ing the past week we have hoisted 5 tons of
■ ore from the north drift on the 80-foot level.
! The car samples of the ore average, gold, $37 98,
silver, $6 12; total, $44 10.
In the Savage the main west drift on the 130
foot level has been cleaned out and repaired
: a distance of 12 feet. At a point in this drift
: 100 feet from the shaft they are Btlll cutting
out heavy clay and puting in new timbers.
Brunswick lode — The main north drift, 600
level, was advanced 11 feet; total length, 4GB
feet; face in porphyry with streaks of quartz
giving low assays. Incline shaft No. I— Still
raising chutes preparatory to opening 800
level.
For the month of April, the mining, milling
and other corporations on and around the Com-
I stock lode paid a total of $57,417 to employes.
i Tne disbursements of each company were as
follows: Andes (estimated), $900; Con. Cal &
i Va., $7738; Ophlr, $2144; Mexican, $1752; Best &
1 Belcher, $2337- Gould <fe Curry, $2390; Utah, $840;
; Occidental, $1800; Alta, $2400; Brunswick lode
(phafts Nos. 1 and 2), S6O7T; Crown Point, $593;
Belcher, $2894; Yellow Jacket, $1566; Confidence,
$251; Challenge. $251: Imperial. $427; Segregated
Belcher, $255; Savage, $2520; ('hollar, $1952; Bul
; lion, $424; Potosi, $2430: Union Shaft, $2421;
Sierra Nevada, $1155; Alpha, $717; Overman (es
: timated). $1000; Caledonia (estimated), $500;
Nevada Mill (estimated), $880; quartz mills (es
i timated), $5000.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, May 5—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. • Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Cas.. 45% 46
4s quar coup.. loß 108% Pac Gas Imp.. 84 85
4s quar reg. ,.108%109% Pac L Co 50 53%
4s quar new... 121%122 S F G & E.. 84% 85
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3?& 3ft
Cal-st Cab 55. 114 115 Stock ias 12 —
Cal El t>s 125 — 1 insurance—
| C C Wat 55... 9N%103Vi Plrem's Fund. lßs —
] Dup-st er c. — S)BV Bank Stocks—
EL &P C 5..126% — Anglo-Cal .... — 62%
! F & Ch R 6s. - 116% Bank of Ca1..23S 240
! Geary-et R os. — 99 Cal SD& T. — 9«
|H C & S C%..100 105 First <fat ....195 —
L A L Co 69. — 100 Lon P & A... 130 —
Do gntd 65.. — 100 Mer Exchange 10 15
Market-st 65.. — 126 N'ev Nat 8...130 157%
Do Ist M 55..112%113 Savings Banks-
Nat Yin 6s Ist — M7Vi|Ger S & L.. — 1650
NCNg Ry 78.103 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
iN Ry Cal 65.. 106 112 Mutual Say. — 424
i N Ry Cal 55.. i'D^lOO* S F Say U.. — 600
I NPC ft R 6S.IOOV* — S& L 50.... — 100
NPC R R ss. — 101 Security S Biso -
Oak Gas 55... 100 — Union T Co. 950 —
Do 2d is 55.. — 109 Street Railroad—
Om Ry 6s 123%— California 10S 110
I P & O 6s 110 — Geary 4ft —
IV&Ch Ry 65. 104 110 Market-st .... 52 53
I Powell-st 65. ..116 — Presidio 6 7%
i Reno WL&L..IOO — Powder—
"fcicElec Ry 55. 100 — California ....115 150
;PF &N P 05.105%106 E Dynamite... 85 —
SlerraßCal 65. 102 lOi Giant Con Co. 42% 43
iSPof Ar 65. .102 — Vigorlt 3% 4
S P Cal 65.. — 11J Miscellaneous—
SPC is ett 5a.. — 96 Al Pac Assn.. 94 —
I S P Br 6s 108%109% Ger Ld vVks.llo —
S V "Writ 65. ..115 116 Hana P C 0... 10% 15
S V Wat 45...100 1 4101 H C & S Co.. 19' i2O
Stook Gas 65.. — LO3 Hutch S P Co. 47T6 48
Water Stacks— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. 49% 55 Nat Yin C 0... — V 6
Marln i'o .50 - Oceanic S Co. 51% 53
i Spring Valley. 89% 99% Pac A F L. 1% 2%
Gas & : lectrlc- Pac Bot C 0... 100%101
Cent Gaslight. los — Par Paint Co. 7 —
Mutual El Co. 11% 12%
Morning Sesolon.
% Alaska Packers' Association 94 00
CO Hutchinson S P Co 4. oO
150 Oceanic Steamship Co 5Z 00
101 Spring Valley Water 9» 00
11000 8 P of A Bonds 102 00
10 Giant Powder Con 43 00
1960 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 20 00
Afternoon Session.
4fio Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 20 00
SO Hutchinson S P Co 48 00
J2OOO Market-street Ry Con Bonds 5s 112 50
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 75
10 Alaska Packers' Association 94 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
SO Giant Powder 42 50
10 Hutchinson S P Co 47 <5
50 Market-street Ry Co 52 oO
100 Hutchinson S P Co 47 50
50 Oceanic Steamship Co 50 00
Afternoon Session.
100 Oceanic Steamship Co 61 25
100 Hutchinson S P Co 47 50
100 Hawaiian C A S Co 19 87V4
MINING STOCKS!
Following were the sales in ihe San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alpha 03 100 Crown Point ... 10
100 Best & Belcher. 2S 200 Mexican 11
100 29 100Ophlr 41
200 Chollar 28 100 Sierra Nevada.. 64
100 25 200 Union .on 16
100 Con Cal & Va.. 61 300 Yellow Jacket... 07
500 Con Imperial ... 01
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 12 j 500 Justice 09
40 Best & Belcher. 26 600 Potosl 23
300 28 1 100 Sierra Nevada.. 62
lOOChoUar 24 1 100 Yellow Jacket... OS
400 231
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Alta 171300 Gould & Curry.. 23
200 16! 200 Mexican .... 12
400 Belcher lliSOOOphlr v
500 Best & Belcher. 29!700Potosi 26
300 28 i 600 Savage 15
1000 Bullion 07! 200 Sierra Nevada.. fi4
2iXl Caledonia l«'200 63
300 Chollar 23 ! 800 V nlon Con 17
200 241500 Yellow Jacket... 06
400 25J500 07
300 2*|
Afternoon Session.
400Belch.er 12 1 200 Mexican v
3(0 Best & Belcher. 2S 3T.0 Ophir 40
200Chollar 23 500 Potosl 24
3SO Con Cal & Va.. 60 200 Savage 14
2<X) Crown Point ... W] 700 Sierra Nevada.. 63
100 Gould & Curry.. 221400 Vnlon Con 13
tOO Justice 08:200 Yellow Jacket... 06
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, May 6—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. ! Bid. Ask.
Alpha ~. 03 WjJulla — 02
Andes 07 08|Kentuck ....... 01 02
Benton Con ... - 20 1 Lady Wash ... — 03
Belcher 11 12 Mexican 10 11
Best & Belchx. 27 28 1 Occidental 1051 15
Bullion 06 07|Ophlr j>9 40
Caledonia 15 18 Overman 03 04
Chollar 21 22|Potosi 22 23
Challenge Con. 11 13 Savage 13 14
Con Cal & Va. 59 60 Seg Belcher ..01 02
Confidence 40 45 Scorpion ....... - 02
Con Imperial ..01 02 Sierra Neyada. 60 62
Crown Point ..10 11 Silver Hill .... 0o 06
Con New York. - 02 Syndicate - 04
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard 155 160
Exchequer 01 03!Unlon Con .... Id 1«
Gould & curry. 21 22|Utah ••••••••••• °? f
Hale & Norcre. 48 Sf» l Yellow Jacket. 05 06
HER PART IN THE WAR.
They were talking of the civil war
the other day, and the older members
of the company had compared remin
iscences. "Which side were you on dur
ing the war, Mr. B. ?" asked the kitten
ish young girl of the party, turning to
a pretty little woman who had been
born in '62. "I was in arms on the
Southern side," was the quick reply.—
Exchange.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
May, 1898.
We
J_
U
18
Sa.
Moon"* Phases.
1
b
a
1U
17
_^5_
13
(i
13
•At
2T
I
21
2S
©jj'ull Mooq
May 5.
\rfq-LASI Quarter
j<& May 12.
a New Moon,
May 20.
15
IT
So
! 26
3U
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of- the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The timeball on top of the building on Tele
gTaph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dr> pped on time or giving the error, if any, is
published the same day by the afternoon pa
pers and by the morning papers the following
day. J. T. McMILLAN.
Assistant In Charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE.— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MAY -Ivti
. Friday. May 6.
Snn rt»«B... .' •' .:... 5:07
Snn sets.. 7:05
Moon sets Daybreak
| !Tlme| peet JTlme! Feet JTlme! Feet JTlme! Feo .
Si. w h w l w ih wi
Ot 5:17; — 0.6! i;:24| 4.4! 4:51 >
7 6:03 — o.y( I:-- 1 '! 4.4 »:8T
8! 8:53 — 1.1 l 2:22 4.4 1 6:29|
|H W L W H VV|
919 1 0:?. M 5.9 7:.V2 —1.0 3:2H
10 1:23 5.6 B:4'.' — l> l 4:25
11 2:31 5.1 !i:49 —0.4 .'»:.' l
12 3:51 4.8 10:4 l J 0.1 6:lu
13 6:1-) 4.5! 11:50 0.5 ti:so
2.V1 10:5)?' r.O
S.I! 11:*1 ! 6.0
3.2 | ......
L W ,
4.4 7:32 8.3
4.5 8:48 3.4
4.7 10:12 8.1
5.0 11:38 2.8
Ml .. ..;...
NOTE. — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign f — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMEKS TO AKKIVB.
•■■line lie. ... ,
piro „ .v
Jose.... I
■ of Sydney . |
ta Kosta — j
of
of
»•. •!
rt/in
Eton —
sia
:^~v
iet>if». . . ]
Humooldt i..... ..
Departure Bay .' .
Portland ...:
Humboldt ........".... 1
Victoria & Pueret Sound . .
China and Japan
5eatt1e. '...'... :......... ~-..
; Seattle j
j Coos 8ar....... .... '.. !
Panama ....;:
Panama J
! San Dle«> .................
Seattle ;
tiumooiat ...
Portland
Mexico.." ;...........
Nanaimo.
! Seattle;..
Eel River ;....
Newport
Victoria & Pu?ot Sound . .
I Coos Bar :
Crescent City.....
I Portland .;.; — .........
ay 7
ay 7
ay 7
ay 7
ay 7
ay 8
ay S
ay 8
ay 9
ay 9
ay a
ay 9
:ay 10
ay it)
ay 10
[ay 10
lay 10
ay :0
ay 11
[ay 12
ay 12
lay 12
[ay is
[ay 13
ereso
■tn ForK
;e or Cai
acao
ma
:me i
Utat...
a Bar
UaWalla....!
ata I
scent City.. I
eron
I San Dle?o
6TKAMERB TO SAIU
6TEAMKR. I
[NATION I
Sails.
' enu9 ICnina & Japan
iregron". ... Portland.. . •
Imattlla... Vie & Pgt Sno
rcata Coos 8ay:.... "
r alencla... Alaska. ....
'otnona.... San Dieero —
irizaba.. .. Humbol It ....
Columbia..' Portland
ipulco . . | Panama. I
louior j Newport... . :j
Gaelic...... ! China &Japanj
lty Puebla ' Vie & Pit Sna '
ani» Rosa I San Dieeo I
hlikat iHumboldt
late of Cat | P0rt1and. ......
'uracao... Mexico
tortnKork Humboldt ...
oo« H. 17 .. i Newport
May 6. 1 pm
May 6. 10 am
May 6. 10 a m
May 7. 10 am
May 7. 1 psi
May T. 11 ay
Miy 8.10 am!
I May 0. 1J am
I May a, 12 m
May y. haw
Nay 10. 1 pm
May U. 10 am
I May 11. 11 ah
May 11. 2 pji
May 12. 10 Ail
May 12. ...
May 13. 9AM
May IS. ■* am
Pier 9
Pier 13
Pier : ii
Pier »
I t>ler 12
PM S3
Pier 11
PM S3
Pier »
Pier 11
Pier 18
Pier U
I'ier t
Pi»»r 11
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, May
b. 1898. > ■ . .
The time ball on .Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of tne
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m.. Gr*-?nwlch
time. J. T. McMILLAN,
Assistant in Charge
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thur3dftv, May 5
| Stmr Arcata, Reed, 46 hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr Ohio. Broomhead, 59 days 6 hours from
Philadelphia. . •
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 19 hours from
Needle Rock. • ■
Stmr Pomona, Debney, • 61*4 hours from San I
Diego, etc. . ■
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 20 'hours from Moss j
Landing.
Stmr Valencia, Humphreys, 72 hours from
Tacoma. - .
■ Stmr Fulton, Mclntyre, : 25 hours from Eu- '
reka. -Bound south. -Put in to land passengers.
Bark Germanla, Pearson. 7 days from New
Whatcom, via Port Angeles 6 days. .
Bark Annie Johnson, Matson, 19 days ■ from
Hllo. .:
Bktn S G Wilder,' McNelll, 15 days from Hon
olulu. v • .«
■- Bktn John Smith, • Groth. 25 days from Hon
olulu. ■ ■ .■'•-■ ■ . ... .
Schr Wm Bowden, Fjerom, 18 days from Hon
olulu. ;•■,,■-. - , ■ . -
Schr Western Home. Nielsen. 3 days from
Coos Bay. -
Schr, Bender Bros, "Wetzel, ,12 hours 'from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, 4 days from Ne
halem River. - ; - '■ .. ... . .-„-..
j. Schr • Muriel, Carlsen, ■15 days rom Hllo. 1
Schr Robert Lewers, Goodman, 20 days firm
Honolulu. »■-: . ■ ■ ' • '-■ .■ . . • ,
Schr Conflanza, Jensen, 3 days from Coauilie
River. - - . ' . ■ .>
- Schr Ocean Sray. Ostlln," 12 hours from Fish
Rock. .•■--.•■ ■ .
Schr Lettltla, Wilson, 52 hours from Coca
Bay. ■• . • • n ■•'
- CLEARED.'
' . .' _ rhur*Uy, May Z.
Stmr ■ Oregon, Stephens, Astoria: O•R - & N
Co. •..: -.-. -. ■»: ■-. . ■ ..: • ... ■-■ •
Nor ■ stmr Titanla, Egenes., Nanalmo; John
eld's Sons. - • ...
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria and Puget
Sound; Goodall. Perkins & Co. ;
Brig J D Spreckels. Christiansen, Mahukona;
J D Spreckels & Bros Co. -■■■-.
Brig Wm G Irwin, Williams, Honolulu; J D
Snreckels & Bros Co. .-.;•. ." - ■■: .
- Schr ; Falcon, Undholm, St Michael; Gold Star
Mining Co. • / ;
" : SAILED.
..' ■ Thursday, May 5.
•Stmr. Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro. .
mr; North. Fork, Bash, Eureka. ;
Stmr Samoa. Johnsen. Eureka. •
Stmr Chilkat, Dunham, "Eureka. S
. Stmr Fulton. Mclntyre, 1 southern ports.'
Ship Glory of the- Seas. Freeman, Nanlamo.
Bktn * Monitor, Turloff,- Grays Harbor. I
Brig W.:G. Irwln, Williams, Honolulu. '■-. ',
■-■ Brig J D Spreckels, Christiansen. Mahu
kona. ■ ,• •; '■;...'.;■ r .'.'.. . .. - ■ ■ ~
. Scnr Queen. • Edwardson. '.i
■■' Schr, Glen. Jorgensen, Grays Harbor. "■ ■
,■ hcnr Vega. , Rasmussen, - Port Blakeley.
. Schr Reliance,, Christiansen. • ■-:• ;
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Rol«-ra. .
Schr John A, Hellquist,. Eureka.
J: TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 5, V 10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind,^NW; velocity, 22 miles.
';'*.: '\-:^\ -.-■>; ,■■ CHARTERS. ■:-.: : ".. '■ ..:,'-.
The Eclipse-, loads coal .at; Seattle for , this j
PV«i glory. <4 t£e ge.as, goal at Depur-urc gay*
for this port: H Hackfeld, wheat for Eurore
27s 6d. prior to arrlvel: Louisiina, lumber at
Chemalnus, for Santa Rosalia.
SPOKEN.
April 28— Lat 41 N, long 42 W, Br ship y.
mera, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. May s— The Br ship Beacon R Ork
from Oregon, arrived at Havre, having j n ;
curred general average.
The ship Louisiana, lying off the seawall
dragged her anchor and drifted close to Alca*
traz.
Hark Forest Queen, Captain Baselpy, •-,
Tacoma March 4 for San Pedro with a caj r O k
of 500 M ft lumber and 107 M laths has been*
posted as missing.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived May 4— Stmr City of S-*at->
tie. from Seattle.
SEATTLE; — Arrived May 4— Stmr Progresso ho
April 29.
Sailed May 4— Schr H D Bendixsen, for Nlcol
aefskl.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived May s— Schr
Corinthian, hence April 29.
MENDOCINO— SaiIed May &— Stmr Point
Arena, for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived May s— Stm Alice Blar.ch
arrt, henoe April 29; schr Mary E Russ, from
San Pedro; stmr State of California,
May 3.
Sailed May s— Stmr Columbia, for San Fraa
clsco.
NEWPORT— Arrived May s— Stmr W.-stport,
TACOMA— Arrived May 5— Stmr Walla Wtl i
hence May 1.
Sailed May s— Br ship Manydown, for Queens
town.
POUT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May s— Stmr
Alcatraz, from Greenwood.
Failed May s— Stmr Mlneola, for Comox; stmr
Alcatraz, for .
Arrived May 4— Brig Tanner, from Tacoma,
and sailed lor Redondo.
SEATTLE— SaiIed May s— Stmr Willamette,
for San Francisco; stmr South Coast, for
SEATLE- Arived May 4— Schr R V,' Bart
lett, hence April 18.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived May s— Kchr Gem, hnj
April 22.
EUREKA— SaiIed April s— Stmr Orlzaoa, :o»
San Francisco.
REDONDO— Arrived May 6— Soar LUlebonne,
t from Newport.
FORT ROSS— Sailed May s— S?hr La. Chllen*
for San Francisco.
STEWARTS POlNT— Arrived Ma/ C— Schr J
Eppinger, hence May 2.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HAVRE— Arrived May 4— Br ship Acona, fm
Tacoma; Br ship Beacon Rock, from Oregon
ANTV.ERP— SaiIed May 3— Br ship Argo. for
FA LMOI'TH- Sailed May 4— Br ship Mi'.tl
ades, for .
SLlGO— Arrived May 2— Br bark Selkirkshire.
from Oregon.
ST. NAZAIRE— Arived May I— Br ship Car
radaic, from Oregon.
QUENSTOWN— SaiIed May 4— Bardowrle, fo»
Cardiff.
LONDON— Arived May 4— Br bark Ochtertyre
from Oregon.
OCEAN lEAVEL
Pf33li2is2«L The via Honolulu ana
fjlCffllrair sally via Honolulu and
I VjTNaHW Auckland for Sydney |
B ™ Wednesday. May 18, at:
rt>t/'^f' 2 p. m.
Sfrvinrcfiin J & "a. zealandia. •
CylCdlllJllll^ for HONOLULU only.
fnfflßflßU"* Wednesday. June 1. 3.
Vyillf/Ult«n p. m . Special party
rates.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPS
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St., San Franclaoo.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
»^ Steamers leave - Broadway
»3Nh^^ wharf, San - Francisco.
V&&t9>bL For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
; Ctt?f£jBfc«% Ma >' 1 - 6 - n - 16 - 21 - 26 ' 31 - un «
'■ iiK IsElH^ 5, transfer at Seattle.
BBfMHH VAI For Alaskan ports (frora
Sl^flßl Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m., :
i^^^EHmU May IS, June 5, 2fi ' July 17,
August 4, 25, transfer at Port-
- . land, Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C). Port Towns-
end Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a. m.. May 1. 6.
11 16 21 26. 31. June 5. and every fifth day
thereafter', connecting at Seattle with this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at
Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver with
c •J* Ry
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m.
May 2, 8, 14. 20. 26, June 1, and every sixth
da For the s r anta er Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cavucos Port Harford (San Luis Obl B po>,
Gaviota.' Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. May 1. 5. 9, 13. 17, 21, 25. 29,
June * and every fourth day thereafter.
J For "San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11
am May 3. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27. 31, June 4.
and every fourth day thereafter. - 
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La i Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Met), 10 a. m.. May 12.
June 10 and 2d «of each month thereafter.
'For further information obtain folder -■*
?he company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
arri hours of OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
TICKFT OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
* CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Frar.clsco.
THE 0. R. & N. 00.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m. -
CADE $12 First Class Including BertH
rAtIL 68 Second Class and Meals.
■. SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
A r .. on May 6. 15, 24
Columbia May 9. 18, 27
State of California May 12. 21. SO
Through Tickets and. Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to c c WARlVGeneral Agent .
. 630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
•NEW YORK, QUEENSTOWN, SOUTHAMP-
TON.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. ANTWERP.
Steamers sail under Belgian or British Flags.
Noordland.......May 11 South wark May 25
Friesland May IS 'Chester May 28
PHILADELPHIA, QUEENSTOWN, LIVER-
POOL.
Steamers sail under Belgian Flag.
Belgenland May 14'Prnnland May U
EMPIRE LINE.
TO ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
Steamers formerly employed in trans- Atlantia
services of the International Navigation Com-
pany and specially refitted for this service
S " S. Ohio, 3500 tons, from Seattle. June 15.
S. S. Indiana. 3300 tons, from Seattle. June 23.
S. S. Pennsylvania, 3500 tons, from Seattle.
June 2**
Connecting with the company's own fleet of
IS new and modern steamers and barges on the
Yukon River, through to Dawson City and
intermediate points.
For passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of its Agencies. • ,
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamships
Sail from New York every Saturday fop
Glasgow via Londonderry.
Rates for Saloon Passage-City of Rome, $60;
■^onKbln-Rome. $42 50; Furnessla, $37 50;
Ot St e eera|e irn pSs i aKf : - Rome ' 25 50; Furnessla,
*24 50; other steamers. $23 50. - -
For Book of Tours and Information, apply to
HFXPERSON' BROTHERS, General Agents. T
Bowling Green. New York: or J. v. FUGAZI.
B Montgomery St.: or L. F. COCKROFT. 114
Montgomery st.; or R. R. RITCHIE. 2 New
Montgomery st., San Francisco., . ■-
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
I Company's ■ Pier J (new) 42 North * jnt.
! River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <Tn.lA
' by this line avoid both ' transit by ">^"*^»»
I English railway and the discomfort of crossing
I the channel In a small boat. New York to
' Alexandria,' Egypt, via Pariß, first class, $160;
second ' class. ■■ $116. ■ ■ . .
LA BOURGOGNE.. .........May 7, 10 a. m.
LA T0URA1NE. ............. May 14, 10 a. m.
; LA GASCOGNE ........May 21. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE ....May 28. 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE :.:.....■.:.... June 4. 10 a.m.
For ■> further • particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent, _ .
No. 3 Bowling Green, -Jew YorK.
J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco. -
FOR lU. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO. ■
■'', - - Steamer "Monticello"
Men.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and 5at........
9:46 a. m., 3:16 p. :m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thur».«
I Fridays ........^...........1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.*
Sundays. ;...... .10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
. Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier i.
• : -- • Telephone. Red 2241.
FOR SAN JOSE. LOS 6ATOS and SANTA CFU2
Steamer- Alvlso leaves I'ier i daily (Sunday*
excepted) iat• 10 a. < m. ; Al viso dally (Saturdays
excepted) at -5 p. m. Freight and passengers.
Fare - between San - Francisco ; and Alviso. >>oc;
to San Jose. 75c. Clay »treet. Pier i- U NWjg
First street, San Jose. „ -- — - —^ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
NO CASH FOR
THE EXPERTS
Only Glory for Witnesses
in Clara Fallmer's
Defense.
Those for the People Receive
Handsome Fees for Their
Knowledge.
Interpretation of a Statute That Is of
Great Import to Defend
ants.
Oakland Office, San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, May 5.
A question involving the privileges of
a person charged with murder is now j
hanging fire in the legislative department
of this county, that if a determination j
can be reached will establish an import- j
ant precedent one way or the other. The
debatable point is the latitude of a stat- |
ute enacted in 1872, which gives the court j
and its officers power to employ expert ;
testimony in any case in which it is con- ;
eidered absolutely necessary.
In the trial of Clara Fallmer for murder |
two experts, Drs. Robinson and Rucker, j
■were employed by the District Attorney |
to assist in the prosecution. The defense j
having no money, and considering it nee- ,
essary to employ medical experts, ap- j
pealed to Judge Ogden to authorize under >
the statute of 1572 the employment of nee- j
essary expert testimony. The judge i
Btated that in his opinion the statute in- j
vested the court only with the power to
demand such testimony, and said that if j
It w i ro left to the attorneys for the de- j
tfensf it would be opening the door to vast
expenses for the county in the future.
Attorneys George W. Reed and A. L.
Friek, who handled the case for the de- i
fendant, argued in chambers that the
statute clearly gave them the right to ex- j
pect that the fee for their experts should ;
be paid by the county when it had been
shown that the defendant was without
means to provide such testimony.
The statute states that the court shall
name the amount of the fees to be paid !
to the experts, and also states that this j
statute is not conclusive. The attorneys j
for Clara Fa'.lmer argued from this that i
the statute meant to give equal chances j
to the prosecution as well as to the de- :
fense. so that justice could be obtained, j
The District Attorney does not consult
the court regarding the employment of j
witnesses necessary to present Ills side of !
ase, and the defense contends that \
should exercise the same privilege. !
In the case the judge declined to make ;
rder before the trial, and the de- j
fense subpenaed Drs. Dunn, Rabe and \
Uamlin in the prisoner's behalf. After
the trial Judge Ogden way asked for a ]
certificate that could be attached to the
lulls of the three doctors, and declined to
give one. After more argument he signed j
a modified certificate, which set forth the |
services rendered, the language of the ;
statute, and also the fact that the judge
had not appointed the experts.
It was generally understood by the de
fense that when the bills were presented !
to the Supervisors they would be passed j
and paid. But at the last meeting an oral i
opinion was rendered from the District
Attorney's office advising that the certifi
cate was not sufficient and that the bills !
be not paid.
On looking at the record it is shown !
that the two doctors who testified for the ;
prosecution received {100 apiece, and as
the experts for the defense only charged i
ISO a. niece, they contend that there can be
no doubt as to the reasonableness of their ■
charge, and consequently the case hangs
entirely on the interpretation of the stat
ute.
Clara Fallmer's attorneys exnress the
opinion that if the bills of their experts :
are not paid it shows a possibility of dis- i
crimination not contemplated by the stat
ute against people without means who
are charged with serious crime. All the
experts in the case were put on to testify I
rr-garding the insane tendencies or the de- ;
fendant. and mainly on the strength of
the testimony of the experts for the de- i
Tense the girl was acquitted.
COMMERCE-STREET OPENING.
Fourth Report Filed After Five
Years' Unceasing Work.
vAKLA.\'D, May s.— The fourth report '
of the Commerce street opening commis- '
Bioners was filed this morning. The total
cost of the opening Is $16,699 43. Of this j
$12,491 is allowed for damages for property j
taken, while the rest goes for expenses, j
In order to raise the money needed for '
the opening 769 separate assessments are '
made, the district covered being between !
Tenth and Nineteenth avenues up to East >
Eighteenth Btreet, and between Thir- '
teentn and Nineteenth avenues, from that
point northerly to Hopkins street. The i
etreet is to be opened from East Twelfth
to Kast ■ Twenty-second street. Besides
the assessment of private property the
city of Oakland is taxed $700 of the open-
Injf, and the following street car lines the i
following amounts: Alameda road $21 75 i
Haywards $43 W. Highland Park $130 50,
East Oakland $43 50.
The commission is made up of J. S
Derby. Nicholas Moritz and A. L. Mc-
Phtrson. George E. de Golia is the at
torney and C. S. Melvin the secretary. !
The first report was presented September !
1, 1893, and knocked out July 6, 1894 by the !
euit of H. M. Cameron vs. T. G. Harrison i
then Superintendent of Streets. The sec- I
ond report was filed July 20, 1895, and re- i
t erred back by the Council. The third re- !
port was presented November 26, j
1896, and knocked out by the suit of Isa- |
bel Wright vs. Street Superintendent I
Miller September 2« 1597.
Employes' Day's Outing.
OAKLAND. May 5.— A. L. Stone, secre
tary of the Oakland, San Leandro and j
Haywards Electric Railroad, gave his [
men full swing of the road to-day for
their families and friends for their annual
picnic at San Lorenzo Grove. The cars
ran "regardless" and "meeting points"
were anywhere except on "single tracks." ■
The invitations were not as numerous as i
last year, but' those who attended had
B better chance to enjoy themselves, ow- ;
Ing to the absence of a jam. The early ;
morning was dark and unpleasant, but ;
before noon the sun came out and the j
Fifth Regiment band played while the
"boys" let the trolley fly. A lengthy pro- |
gramme and plenty of athletic events !
made the time fly only too quickly. It i
-was late to-night before the return home j
•was made.
Bostonian Visitor Missing.
OAKLAND, May s.— Andrew Mahan,
■who arrived here last Friday morning
from Boston on a visit to his brother, is
niiFsing, and it is feared that he has met
■with foul play, as he had considerable
money when last seen. The police have j
been requested to look him up as he has
been unaccounted for for nearly a week.
He went out on the evening of his arrival
and has not been seen since.
Emery Tract Changes Hands.
OAKLAND. May s.— The Abner Doble
Company transferred a mortgage on the
entire Emery tract to the Realty Syndi
cate to-day. It was to cover six promis
sory notes of the value of $100,534 28, $61,
871 02, $114,783 30, $32,848 79, $6400 67 and
$5286 36 respectively. The property was
formerly valued at $321,724 42 and was the
property of Joseph S. Emery, who mort
gaged it for the total of the six notes.
Thought He Had a Spy.
BERKELEY. May s.— Special Oliicer
Ehinger of West Berkeley arrested a man
yesterday whom he suspected of being
a Spanish spy. The suspect was taken
to Oakland, where it was learned that
he was a Japanese by the name of E. *C
Morse.
Read the exceedingly interesting
Btory of Neptune's visit to the big
battle-ship Oregon when she crossed
the line lately, written by one of the
officers, in next Sunday's Call.
TRIED A CASE
TOO EARLY
Meyer in Court the Day
After He Won a
Sheepskin.
Not Having a License He Was
Forced, to Give His
Testimony.
Lost His Suit but Thinks Ho Can
Win by Prosecuting an
Appeal.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 5.
J. S. Meyer passed his examination be
fore the Supreme Court to practice law
a week ago. The next morning he was
engaged in a case in the Police Court, j
appearing as attorney for Contractor j
Quirk, who was on trial for an alleged
violation of the ordinance governing the
laying of sewers.
Aiuiough it requires no license to prac
tice in the Police Court, the practitioner
cannot plead that he is debarred from
testifying, if called upon, on the plea of
professional confidence.
Prosecuting Attorney Melvin was con- j
ducting the case for the people, and he j
put J. S. Meyer on the stand to testify j
against Quirk. Meyer protested that he
was an attorney and declined to testify,
making the excuse that the information
he possessed was obtained in confidence ;
from Quirk. Judge Allen ruled that as ;
Meyer had no license to practice law, no
such professional confidence could exist,
and to avoid contempt proceedings Meyer ;
gave his testimony. \
Quirk lost his case, and Meyer and J.
F Fitch, who also appeared as attorney
for Quirk, declare that it was through j
Meyer's testimony that the verdict was
The next morning Meyer received his
certificate from the clerk of the Supreme i
Court, showing that he had successfully j
passed his examination and had been ad- j
mitted to practice law. Now the point j
i rises whether Meyer was a bona fide
attorney as soon as his case was passed
upon by the Commissioners, or whether
his legal standing became a fact only j
when he received this certificate. He be- ;
lieves that if an appeal be taken he can !
satisfy the Sunerior Court that he was j
de facto an attorney at the time he was ;
ordered on the witness stand, and that \
his testimony should, therefore, be strick
en from the record, i*. this be done At
torney Meyer is confident the judgment
will be reversed.
National Guards Hopeful.
ALAMEDA, May s.— Despite the dis
couraging tenor of Governor Budd s re
marks upon the Fifth Regiment, as re-
I ported in the morning papers, the mem
1 bers of Company G continue hopeful tnat
< some way will be found to let them enter
the active service. The record made by
them at the last inspection, the rapidity
. with which the full number of men was
recruited and the general high standing
i of the organization are the reasons for
! their hopefulness. While they would pre
'■ fer of course to remain in the Fifth Regi-
I ment. still, so long as their company or
'■' ganization is maintained, as proposed by
i the authorities, they have no objection to
! being put into any other regiment. In
' fact, all that they want is active service,
and they are ready to obey orders
promptly and with enthusiasm.
Bed Cross League.
ALAMEDA, May s.— Enrollment lists
of the Red Cross League were put in the
Free Library and other public places
about town to-day in order to give an
opportunity for patriotic citizens to enter
their names as willing to aid in the cause
of freeing Cuba. A goodly number of sig
natures were obtained during the day. It
is proposed to call a mass-meeting as
soon as public interest shall have been
sufficiently aroused. Twgnty prominent
citizens will be appointed vice-presidents
by President Mastick within two or three
days.
A Racing Meet.
ALAMEDA, May s.— The executive com
mittee of the Alameda Driving Associa
tion has completed arrangements forraces
to be held on Monday, May 30, at the
track on the marshes. Outside horse
owners will be allowed to participate in
this event, which is an innovation, as
heretofore only members have been per
mitted to take part. A small admission
fee will be charged, and a card is being
made up that promises some good sport.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, May s.— The Alameda and
the Pacific Cricket clubs will play th<j
opening game of the season at Klinkner
ville next Sunday. The Alameda club will
use the Webster street grounds in this
city during the season.
The concert given under the auspices of
the Unity Circle at the Unitarian church
last evening was well attended and thor
oughly enjoyable.
A number of additions were made to
day to the list of volunteers for Company
F of the California Rangers.
Dr. T. P. Tisdale of this city has a
nephew on board the cruiser Olympia,
Commodore Dewey's flagship.
The Central Democratic Club of this
city will meet Saturday evening at Lin
derman Hall for the purpose of taking
steps to take part in the approaching
campaign. #
The Adelphian Club will hold a meet
i ing on Saturday afternoon which is ex
! pected to be unusually attractive. A fine
i musical programme has been prepared.
Withdrawals From College.
REKKELE l , May s.— The following stu
dents at the University of California have
withdrawn since January 31:
E. A. Akerly, Miss M. G. Allen, P. G. Allen.
W. F. Armstrong, O. M. Atwood, C. H. Ball.
H. C. Belding, R. W. Bender, E. S. Birdsall,
S. Btshon M. E. Blood. G. D. Blood, P. W.
Bours, Mrs N. R. Butterfleld. Miss M. W.
Chappell, Miss M. G. Chase, Miss M. B.
Church, Miss H. G. Cooper. P. W. Corbusier,
Miss J. M. Cranston, J. A. DeCou. E. T. Ever
ett. H. M. Fraser. H. L. Gilbert. Miss H.
Goldtree, Miss C. Goo<lhue, E. Goodman, Miss
E. M. Graham, A. TV. Gunnison, G. Hardson,
Miss E. Harris, Miss V. Hartley, Miss C. H.
Hittell, \V. Hoelsoher, O. R. Hunter. Miss M.
E. Klerulff. H. W. Kinney, Miss N. M. Lousn
nam>, \V. Magee, Miss G. E. Moakley, C. 'VN -
Konw, A. R. Nickels. S. H. Palmer, D. H.
Parkhuret. Mrs. L. B. Powers, J. G. Reed, j
J. E. Richards, H. E. Salz, Miss G. Savage. I
E. H. Scott, J. F. Seaman, H. P. Short, Miss I
M. Smith, R. Ptedman. W. T. Sterling, Miss I
M. Sullivan. Miss E. M. Thompson, Mrs. B.
Tisdale, J. A. Young.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. May 5.— E. L. Lyman, a
graduate student in the agricultural de
partment of the State University, has
been offered an instructorship in ah agri
cultural college in China. He will go to
Shanghai with Professor John Fryer,
who intends to spend his vacation in
China.
Marcus P. Hall has been appointed su
perintendent of the Alameda Water Com
pany, to succeed the late Dr. Louis Wel
lendorff.
The Berkeley High School Sanitary
Commission has begun the work of pre
paring bandages and packages for the
soldiers at the front.
A defective flue caused a fire in the
Parsons residence on Magee avenue and
Delaware street this morning. The blaze
was extinguished before the firemen ar
rived.
The Young Men's Republican Club of
Berkeley will meet to-morrow night in
Golden Shoaf Hall on Addison street.
Fred Haanstra, formerly a press helper
on the Berkeley Gazette, whose disap
pearance last week caused his parents
uneasiness, has been heard from. He is
working in Antloch.
The following board of trustees of the
South Berkeley Presbyterian Church has
been elected for the ensuing year: Messrs
Borcher, Brainard, Forgie, Pennycook
and Clephane, Mrs. Betts and Mrs
Cooper.
Paul L. Beville, a sophomore at the
State University, to-day received a tele
gram ordering him to report immediately
to his company of the National Guard at
Visalia.
THE SAIS FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 6, 1898.
WANT FUSION
AND MAGUIRE
Populists Open Their
Campaign With a De
sire to Mix.
Prospect That the Stalwarts
Prefer the Middle of the
Road.
Democrats Have Not Vet Made a
Move in Alameda
County.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, May 5.
The Populists opened their campaign
last night in this county. Since the lively
times prior to the McKinley-Bryan cam
paign little has been heard df the party,
and it almost completely lost its identity
in the celebrated fusion that did not fuse.
In 1894. at the county election, the Popu
lists showed what might be called abnor
mal strength in this county. They elect
ed the Sheriff, the County Treasurer and
County Superintendent of Schools, and
their organization was remarkably
strong. Two years later the party fell
into the fusion trap of the Democrats,
and, as the fusion vote of Alameda Coun
ty for Bryan was not much larger than
the ordinary Democratic vote, some sur
prise was expressed and some curiosity
evinced to know what had become of the
Simon Pure Populist*. Since that time
till last night the party has been in se
clusion, but It is now coming to the front,
and it is found that there is still a strong
fusion element in it, only this time the
desire to fuse is not over a President, but
a Governor. It seems to be conceded
among the Democrats of AJameda County
that AJu.guire will be the candidate for
Governor. There are many Populists in
this county who think enough of Maguire
to want to fuse with the Democrats to se
cure his election. This element in. the
Populist party in Alameda County col
lided very forcibly at the very first meet
ing of the county committee heid last
night, with the stalwart Populists, who
argue first, last and all the time in favor
of keeping in the middle of the road.
The latter element is headea by Dr.
Oberg of Temescal and A. A. Bretz, who
figured once in the Assembly.
F. J. Gregory is said to be the leader
of the fusionists, and at present there is
no prospect of immetJate harmony. The
party evidently intends to get into the
field early, for Chairman Gregory has al
ready appointed a committee consisting
of G. A. Toyne, M. J. Manson, P. B.
Preble, A. Hoenich and J. C. Estey, to
draw up a call for the county conven
tion.
So far nothing has been heard from the
Democrats of Alameda County. Whether
the old factional strifes are still in ex
istence or whether the hatchet hae been
permanently buried cannot be tojd. But
the prospects are that there will be as
much discord within the ranks as there
always has been.
The Seventh Ward Republican Club will
meet to-morrow evening in Judge Law
rence's courtroom in Elast Oakland, and
it is believed that an attempt will be
made to unite the club with the Young
Men's Republican Club of that ward.
President H. B. Rowe has issued a spe
cial notice for a full attendance, as he
will appoint the club's executive commit
tee to-morrow night.
Recruiting in Oakland.
OAKLAND, May s.— Orders were re
ceived to-night from Colonel Fairbanks
of the Fifth Regiment by the captains of
Companies A and F to recruit to the full
limit of 103 men each. Company A drilled
to-night and already has ninety-nine men.
The companies will be filled to-morrow.
An investigation has been made into
the insult to Colonel Fairbanks, whose
pictures were turned to the wall and
dressed with old overalls yesterday. It
has been found that the work was done
by some hotheaded members of Company
A, who were also responsible for the un
seemly language written on the portrait
in Company F's room. The perpetrators
of the deed will be punished.
Took Tobin Unawares.
OAKLAND, May 5.— D. J. Tobin, a
horseman, was arrested yesterday for
battery upon the person of his Japanese
cook. Deputy Constable Robinson went
to his residence to serve the warrant, but
was told that he could not, as it was in
Contra Costa County. He returned to
ward home, but stopped when well out
of sight and tied his horse among some
trees. He then hid along the road. After
a two hours' wait he was rewarded by
tWe appearance of Mr. and Mrs. Tobin
in their family coach, driven by a coach
man. He stopped it and read the war
rant in a loud tone of voice. Tobin was
then compelled to go to Justice Ij&w
rence's court and put up bail money.
Mrs. Mary E. Blake's Will.
OAKLAN-', May s.— Mrs. Helen F.
Witcher and Miss Alice S. Blake, daugh
ters of the late Mrs. Mary C. Blake, filed
their mother's will for probate to-day.
Miss Ethel Pomroy, a grandchild, is be
queathed $15,000; Miss Alice S. Blake, 100
shares of the capital stock of Blake, Mof
fitt & Towne, and household furniture.
This is to equalize the gifts made during
Mrs. Blake's lifetime to Mrs. Helen F.
Witcher, consisting of certain property in
Oakland and the note of W. B. Witcher.
All of the residue of the estate is to be
divided between the two daughters, share
and share alike. The value of the estate
is unknown.
Visiting School Teachers,
OAKLAND, May s.— Slxty-eighf teach
ers of Marin County, in charge of Super
intendent of Schools Furlong, arrived in
the city early this morning and were met
by City Superintendent McClymonds.
They were divided into groups and di
rected to the various schools, of a grade
similar to the ones in which they worked
at home. Only the regular work was
done. It being the desire of the teachers
to see the system and order of the daily
routine. To-morrow they will make ex
tensive reports in the County Institute
that is in session in San Rafael.
Dr. Paterson Wins.
OAKLAND, May s.— Judge Greene ren
dered a decision this afternoon awarding
Dr. B. M. Paterson $1500 for professional
services rendered Mrs. Dr. Harrington of
Napa. The suit was brought to recover
$5000, but the defendant denied that the
services were worth that much, claim
ing they were rendered out of professional
courtesy. Expert testimony was intro
duced on both sides during the trial, sev
eral hospital physicians of San Francisco
being among them.
Grand Fete Champetre.
OAKLAND, May s.— Extensive arrange
ments are being made for the grand fete
champetre to be given Saturday at the
beautiful residence of Mr. and Mrs. F. M.
Smith. The fete is for the benefit of the
Central Free Kindergarten and Ladies'
Relief Society. It will last from 2 to 7
o'clock and there will be the battle of
roses, Maypole dance, skipping the rope
dance, refreshments of all kinds and the
various sports for the children. A San
Francisco band will furnish music for the
occasion.
Stranger in Distress.
OAKLAND, May 5.— A young woman,
named Louisa Stella, is stopping with
strangers at 418 Eleventh street. She is
afflicted in such a manner that she is in
capacitated for wprk. She is a recent
arrival from Vancouver, with no friends
or relatives. An attempt was made to get
her into the County Infirmary, but as she
was not a resident of this county she
could not be admitted.
Oakland Daughters of Revolution.
OAKLAND, May s.— Mrs. F. B. Glnn,
financial secretary of th« Red Cross So
ciety, received $20 to-day from the Oak
land Chapter, Daughters of the Revolu
tion, for the advancement ' I the work.
This is the amount credited by mistake
to Sequoia Chapter of San Francisco, they
having paid their contribution in that
city.
MOSQUITO FLEET
NEARLY READY
Revenue Cutters Grant,
Rush and Corwin Put
on War Paint.
Alterations to the Fearless, Vig
ilant and Active Nearly
Completed.
In a Week or So the Little Boats Will
Be Ready to Back Up the
Monterey.
The revenue cutters Grant, Rush and
Corwin put on their fighting colors yes
terday and are now ready for active ser
vice as far as looks go. Early in the
morning the sailors were put to work
and before very long the white, trim
looking cutters were the same color as the
Monterey and equally as attractive look
ing.
Alterations on the tugs Fearless, Vigi
lant and Active are rapidly progressing
and in a few days they will be ready to
Join the revenue cutters, and then the
mosquito fleet will be ready for action.
The Vigilant has had her masts and tow
ing bits taken out, her machinery and
boilers have been overhauled and as soon
as her guns have been mounted she will
be ready for service. The boilers have
been taken out of the Active and several
alterations have been made to her hull,
and she will also be ready to give an ac
count of herself as soon as her guns are
mounted. Very few alterations are to be
made on the Fearless outside of painting
her the regulation fighting color. After
the war the chances are that the Active
and Vigilant will be sold 1 but the Fearless
will always remain a part of the United
States navy.
In a week or so the entire fleet will
probably be seen off Folsom street wharf
keeping the Monterey company. There
will be eight vessels in ail-the Grant,
Rush, Corwin, Vigilant, Fearless, Active,
Unadilla and Monterey. Then if the
Charleston should not have sailed for Ma
niiT n.nd the rejuvenated Camancne should
c^me down from Mare Island there, would
be quite a gathering of Uncle Sam's yes-
States steamship Albatross,
late the Fish Commissioners' steamer, la
also being fitted out at the Union Iron
Works Lko the other boats her crew
is now being enlisted at the naval rendez
vous at 10 California street. The suppo
sition is that either the Albatross or
Grant will be the flagship of the mosquito
fl Captain L, H. Turner of the Naval Re
serve returned from the north yesterday
and at once paid a visit to the training
ship Marion. He found that in his ab
sence Lieutenant Commander Nerney
had taken all the necessary steps to have
the men ready for an instant call. The
boys n blue are taking a great interest
in pa^sint? events and every one cf them
is hoping that he will get a chance to do
some fighting under Old Oiory.
The mascot of the coast defense steam
er Monterey is a bis black dog named
Jumbo and the canine's particular fnend
Is "sailor named Skelley. The latter was
skylarking with some of the men early
yesterday morning, and to escape a rush
made by one of them, he jumped Into a
catamaran that was swinging in the
davits. The catamaran tipped over and
Skelley was dumped .into the bay. The
strong flood tide carried him away from
the warship, but before he had gone
thirty feet Jumbo was off to the rescue.
He swam up to Skelley, and catching him
by his clothiug around the neck held his
head above water until the snips boat
came along and picked them both up.
The sailor was none the worse for his
ducking, and now Jumbo is more of a
pet than ever on the Monterey.
The batteries at Fort Point, Lime Point
and Point Bonita are to do some practice
filing in a few days, and the officers of
the forts have issued a warning to all
kinds of craft to keep out of the line of
fire. Notices in English and Italian were
posted at Fishermen's wharf, and the
fishing steamer Alphonso XIII was sent
out to the fishing grounds to warn all the
incoming boats. Assistant Chief Whar
finger Scott took a gang of men with him
on the State tug Governor Irwin and
placed a red flag nn Mile rock to warn
everybody out of the line of fire. It was
blowing almost a gale of wind at the
heads, and in consequence the landing
party on the Irwin had considerable diffi
culty in planting the flag on the rock.
The ship Louisiana, which arrived from
\ustralia with coal last Wednesday,
dragged her anchor yesterday and nearly
went ashore on Alcatraz Island. It took
two tugs a long time to get her anchors
up and the vessel to a safe anchorage.
Several changes have been made in the
officers of the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company's fleet. J. Judson Campbell, the
purser of the Umatilla, has been trans
ferred to the new steamer Senator, and
T C. O'Donnell, late freight clerk of the
Umatilla, has been made purser of that
vessel. Charles C. Lacey. who for years
was chief engineer of the Umatilla, has
been made supervising engineer of the
company's fleet, with headquarters at
Seattle. " Mr. Lacey was at the head of the
engineers' force that assisted Captain C.
Miner Goodall in raising the steamer
Corona.
News was brought from Dyea the lat
ter pa-rt of April that among those killed
in the avalanche at Sheep Camp was C.
C. Jewell of this city. This information
was not correct, as his wife has received
two letters from him since that date.
The Yukon River steamer Rideout was
launched at 3 p. m. Wednesday from the
shipyard at Stockton and was towed to
San Francisco the same night by the
steamer A. C. Freese. The Rideout is 1&0
feet long. 32-foot beam and 4^-foot depth
of hold and will have two pairs of tandem
engines 14 and 24-inch diameter of cylin
der by 6-foot stroke. She is calculated to
make about 14 knots, and will be used on
the Yukon as a passenger and towboat
combined, having accommodations for 200
passengers. The boat was put up by
William Delaney at the yard of the C. N.
& I. Co., and was ready to be knocked
down and shipped on the Whltelaw on
March 10, but owing to the loss of the
wrecker by fire at Dyea the managers of
the California Yukon Trading Company
decided to complete the boat and tow her
to St. Michael. Captain R. Fredrick, who
was placed in charge of the work, put a
number of extra kelsons and clamps in
her. bracing her thoroughly under the
deck with truss work and fastened her
throughout with screw bolts, making her
stiff enough to make the long ocean voy
age. She was ready for launching in
twenty days, but was delayed by not be
ing able to secure calkers, and as the
boat was set up 100 yards from the water,
another delay of a week was caused In
moving her to the river. The machinery
will be rushed into her by Chief Engineer
Fox and his assistants, as she should be
ready for sea by the 20th of this month.
A BOBBERS' ROOST.
Detectives Make a Big Haul in West
Oakland.
OAKLAND. May 5.— Detectives Hodg
kins and Shorey discovered a vacant
house in West Oakland to-day that had
been used as a storehouse for robbers.
The house was declared by the Health
Department to be unfit for habitation
some months ago. When the place was
visited a vast stock of boxes of crackers,
sugar, provisions, dozens of bottles of
whisky and beer and other provisions
was found.
In a house on Campbell street, between
Sixteenth and Seventeenth, where one of
the burglars lived, was found a lot of
furniture, bedding and apparel, most of
which had been taken from houses while
the tenants were absent. All the prop
erty was taken to the Police Station, anl
already much of it has been identified by
people whose houses were robbed by
burglars. There is a wagon load still to
be identified. The robbers have not yet
been caught. _
"Don't give up the ship" and other
famous American battle cries; their
full storiss told in next Sunday's
.Call.
COL. DIN BURNS
IS HOME AGAIN
Says He Feels Inclined to
Enlist With the War
Volunteers.
Mexico Is in Accord With the
United States in the
Battle.
It Is Believed That He Will Take a
Hand in Local Political
Affairs.
Colonel Dan M. Burns, who left here
last December to look after his mining
interests in Mexico, returned last night
and was greeted at the ferry landing by
many of his old time political adherents.
He appeared to have grown considerably
stouter during his absence, and in re
sponse to inquiries made by his friends
concerning his health replied that he
never felt better in his life. A carriage
was in waiting for him, and axter excus
ing himself to his friends he was driven
to his home on Octavia street.
"Business is steadily improving In Mex
ico," said he last night, "and all the
mines are panning out well and profitably.
The people are greatly interested over
the war, and every bit of news is eagerly
read and discussed. The sympathies of
the majority of the people of Mexico are
with the United States, and they expect
to hear of ereat and signal victories
both on land and sea. I understand that
reports have been circulated that the
Mexican people are not in hearty accord
with the United States. Such reports are
not true. The few Spaniards there are, of
course, in favor of their mother country,
but they do not amount to many. The
presence of the Spanish is unwelcome in
Mexico. You can rest assured that the
majority of the people of Mexico are In
hearty accord and sympathy with the
battle being made by the United States
"The reports of the great naval battle
won by Commodore Dewey were gladly
received by me. When I read them I
felt like enlisting, so as to take a hand
in the fight, and I am not certain that I
may not yet do so. lYtie American pluck
and courage were shown by Dewey and
his men. When they entered the harbor
of Manila they well knew that they had
to win or die. They took the chance— and
won. Such deeds arouse the fire of patri
otism in the hearts of every one. There
was every possibility of their vessels run
ning into the mones laid in the harbor.
That did not cause them to hesitate for a
moment. They ran the gantlet and vic
tory was theirs."
"What do you think of the local politi
cal situation?" was asked.
"I have not been paying any attention
to politics," he answered, "and since I
have been on my way home I have not
heard of anything but the war."
"Do you intend returning shortly to
your mines?"
"I will remain in the city until after the
first of the year." And the answer was
given in a manner that suggested that
Colonel Dan Burns will be mixed up in
the political fight next winter unless he
goes to the war.
FORTY MISSING
FROM THE VAULT
Chinese Certificates That Can
not Be Found and Are .
Probably Stolen.
It Will Be Six Months Before the
Exact Loss Can Be Dis
covered.
With reference to the article published
exclusively In The Call yesterday con
cerning the loss of several Chinese cer
tificates of registration from the Dig
vault of the Collector of Internal Rev
enue during the administration of O. M.
Welburn, P. T. M. \V aite and H. C. How
ard, the clerks appointed recently to in
dex the 48.000 certificates, said yesterday
that forty are missing. They will not be
able to ascertain whether these have been
stolen or mislaid until the whole work of
indexing has been finished. They know
that forty duplicates have been called
for and that they have been unable to
find them, but hope that when the work
of indexing shall have been completed
they will turn up.
There is no clew as to the persons who
are responsible for the loss of the valu
able documents, and in all probability
the culprits will never be discovered un
less some one of the number turns State
evidence and exposes his accomplices.
The indexing is going on at the rate of
5000 per month, and 20,000 have been in
dexed already. This leaves about 28,000 to
finish. In about six months' time the
number of certificates missing may be ac
curately determined.
FORESTERS OF
ANCIENT TIMES
The High Court of the Pacific
Will Meet in Oakland on
Tuesday.
Names of Tho«» Who Will Repre
sent th« Several Courts of the
Jurisdiction.
Next Tuesday the eighth session of the
High Court of the Ancient Order of For
esters of the jurisdiction of the Pacific
will be opened in the city of Oakland In
Qier's Hall. The several courts will be
represented by one hundred and sixty
delegates, and among these there will be
representatives from the court In Hono-
lulu, H. I.
The order In the past two years has
increased in membership and finance. The
increase in the former has been about 500
and as to finance the increase has been
about $20,000. During the past two years
there have been instituted forty-two
courts.
During the session the principal con
tests will be for the office of high chief
ranger, for which position there are two
candidates— Max Boehm, at present the
sub-high chief ranger, and W. J. Locke.
For sub-high chief ranger the candidates
are J. Henderson, S. Ferris and P. J.
Cole. For the office of treasurer there is
but one candidate, George W. Lunt, the
incumbent. For high court secretary
the only candidate is O. M. Goldaracena,
the incumbent. There will be an effort to
have sessions biennially instead of an-
nually. . . ' v;. : .' '■-" • ■'■ ■ - : - -
The grand officers at this time are: Dr.
H G. Case, H. C. R. ; Max Boehm, S. H.
C R.; G. W. Lunt, H. C. T.; O. M. Golda
■ racena, H. C. S. ; P. J. Cole, H. C. S. W.;
a H. P. Shaw, H. C. J. W.; W. Thomp
son, H. C. S. 8.. and C. F. Frey, H. C.
■J. : -- B. . ■■ ■ '■---■ "': ■■ ;."'"-' '."■_■■.■■■.'
The following are the delegates to the
High Court: > ,
; ; Robin Hood, San Francisco— A. ; Nicholson."
Thotnaa ; Watson. - ' „ - , iZ' :
■:-■-. Eureka, ;- San Francisco— - Coblne, .- J. H.
Vivian. .■;-■--'- - ■' ■ - r _ '■■■■ -" . '
Occidental, San Francisco— J. Henderson. :J.
Horwood, A. M. McPherson. ■■,■- ■
• Pride of Grass Valley— W. ,J. : Moyle. J. R.
Geach. -=-■'-■ '■-.>■■.. ■ '■■ ■ ' ■">■■. -■,■■■. ■-'-..-' -■^'--i x %
■■■- Star. of .West, gan : Francisco— , Nlsb«t,
Auction Sales
MAGNIFICENT FURNITURE.
THIS DAY (FRIDAY), AT 11 A. M.,
855 GOLDEN GATE aVE.. NEAR MASON.
elegantTurniture.
THIS DAY (FRIDAY), AT 8 P. M-,
1114 JACKSON ST., NEAR MASON.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. 602 Market St.
J W Leahy. E. Strohmeler. W. J. Thorpe.
'Star of Mission. San Francisco— Charles
Sutherland, George J. Hansen. «-_.„
Pride of Plumaa, Johnsvllle— J. W. Pown
'"Advocate, Oakland-S. Ferris. J. MeCnw*an.
German-American. San Francisco— ■« illiam
T. Claus, P. Goessel.
Amador— James Blarney. Bnr , ar . t>
Twin Peaks, San Francisco— Dr. Soper, P.
K°^catTßiZ.K °^catTBiZ. San Franclsco^C. P. Richardson.
N. Nathan, Charles A. Lewis.
Adelaide San Francisco— S. Mti ßh
Garden City, San Jose— F. W. Hogan. J. W
C L"ni e ty. Jackson-William Trenerry.
San Joaquln. Stockton— George Campbell.
San Diego— Ed Strahlmann. ..
Fountain City. Merced-Dr. L- H. Bradley.
Apollo. San Francisco-George J. Bergen
Garfleld. San Francisco-W illiam cannon
Bournemouth. San Francisco-Eugene Jack-
B °Onward, San Francisco— D. ?. Klchards.
Alliance, San Francisco— W Uliam O. Mac-
Dougall. _ _ Ttru.^r.
Excelsior, San Francisco— J. L. Wlleon.
Piedmont. Oakland— J. Roberta. . ...
Mazzlni, San Francisco— C. A. Magistra-
Vlctolre. San Francisco— J. Desbarats.
Gualala— J. H. Borden.
Star of California. Bausalito— G. W. Slxnp-
Justlce, Ban Frandaco— L. B«r*er. .
Kensington, San Francisco— -W. J. JJ o**
Franklin. San Francisco— W. P. Jones.
Redwood, Ukiah— W. J. Poa««.
Star of Redwood. Redwood— Oeorj* {J V,
Washington. San Francisco-G«org« Brown.
California, San Francisco— Vi 1111 am J. ±»-
Warner. _ _
University, Berkeley— S. C. Brown.
America, San Francisco— F. Behnke.
Concord. San Francisco— J. S. Trotter.
Sherwood Forest, San Francisco— Thomas
Friar Tuck, Seattle, Wash.— A. J. Clark.
Sequoia, Eureka— William C. Hodges.
Columbia, Arcata— E. Kmutz.
Menlo Park, Menlo Park— H. Midgley.
Star of Sulsun, Suisun— Charles Brunone.
Korbel Korbel— Albert Sudbrack.
Bohemian. San Francisco— William \ogel.
Pride of San Mateo, San Mateo— K. H. Alt.
Mount Diablo, Somersville— Thomas P. Shine.
Todos Santos, Concord— W. G. Jaqulth.
Voltai C. W. Smith.
Pioneer, Trontdale. Or.— H. A. Shilds.
Evergreen, Seattle, Wash.— W. E. Root.
Camoes, Honolulu, H. I.— A. H. R. Vleira.
Fort Bragp, Fort Bragg— A. D. Flagler.
Walla Walla, , Wash.— A. L. Canvel.
San Miguel, San Diego-F. H. Scoby
Commercial, Murray, Utah— W. H. Bishop.
Pomeroy, Pomeroy, Wash.— William Slegrlst.
Union, Provo City, Utah— A. A. Noon Sr.
Del Monte, San Francisco— Dr. A. B. McGul.
Oak Grove. San Francisco— Dr. Damkroeger.
Starbuck Starbuck, Wash.— Michael Ray.
Southern California, Los Angeles— Max Cohn.
Ulnta. Evanston. Wyo.— Joseph La Riviers.
Colorado, Colorado Springs, Colo.— J. A. Mc-
Kay.
San Pablo, San Pablo — E. B. Mr-aterson.
Caspar. Caspar— B. J. Bowden.
Lagunita, Willits— C. J. Mast.
Sanhedrin, Potter Valley-.1. W. Gro'-er.
Gate City, Pueblo. Colo.— Dr. J. H. Smith-
Laurel, Boonvllle — G. F. Clow.
Greenwood, Greenwood — J. H. Frushee.
Mendocino, Mendocino— F. C. Myers.
Ivanhoe, San Francisco — George Richter, H.
Nathan.
Christofero Colombo. San Jose— C. Nocentelll,
P. D. Polidorl.
Usal, I'saJ— O. Bainbridge.
Eclipse, Crescent City— T. J. T. Berry.
Scotia, Scotia— A. A. Lamb.
Hartford, Vallejo— Ed Parrington.
Buckhorn, Coulterville— R. A. Blum.
Mount Jefferson, Groveland— J. H. Clark.
Pride of Stanislaus. La Grange— A. Roberta.
Albion, Albion— E. S. Johnson.
Azalea, Pescadern— Dr. C. L. McCracken.
Triumph. Oakland— M. J. O'Gara.
Mokelumne. West Point— O. Lampson.
gutter, Sutter— J. A. Little.
Mount Rose. Reno. Nev.— C. Coiris.
Violet. San Francisco— W. D. Getchell.
Hydraulic, North Bloomfield— K. N. Currier.
Magnolia, Napa— M. Schwartz.
Barnsdale, Virginia City, Nev.— J. A. Con
bine.
Lakeport, Lakeport— F. B. Russell.
Castle Rock, Redding— "W. B. Mundy.
Maripoda, Mariposa— M. E. Newman.
Pride of the Mountain, French Gulch— C. S.
Plumb.
Mount Shasta, Sisson— G. E. Wheeler.
Duncans Peak. Hopland— John W. Andrews.
Grant. Oakland— L. D. Kahrs.
Webster, Pinole— J. S. Catlette.
Tomales, Tomales— M. L. Murphy.
Lincoln. San Francisco— J. Williams, R. N.
McLennan.
Arena. Point Arena— Hon. J. B. Sanford.
Ramona, Ramona-J. A. Verlague.
El Cajon, El Cajon— John G. Burges.
Balu Mountain. La Porte — J. D. McLaughlln.
Diamond Mountain, Susanville — W. 11. Bur-
rill.
Benicia, Benicla— J. O. Morgan.
Surprise. Cedarville — R. H. Stanley.
A din, Adin— George H. Knight.
Pullman, Pullman, Wash. — P. Henderson.
Lookout. Lookout— E. S. Trawbridge.
Lilac, Fallbrock— H. B. Rice.
Seaside, Oceansjde— O. W. Cranz.
Mount Olympus, Port Townsend, Wash.—
Judge M. B. Sachs.
Knarsborough, Oakland — E. H. Barrett.
Rose of Sharon, Elsinore — S. L. Lawler.
Tuolumne. Sonora — P. M. Keefe.
Mother Lode. Quartz — E. H. Armstrong.
St. John. Willows— Henry Bielar.
Confidence. Confidence— E. E. Fleming.
Vinton, Vlnton — L. J. Stephenson.
Solomon, Los Angeles— George M. Warner.
Milton, Milton— M. J. Dougherty.
Bart Mountain. Coppero'polls — J. M. Stone.
Summers, Carters— -W. D. Demming.
Camanche. Camancbe — H. F. Crabtree.
Soulsby. Soulsbyvllle — William Francis.
Calaveras, San Andreas— J. J. Hailey.
Treadwell, Tesla— A. D. Stoop.
Jessie Ackerman relates some of
her most wonderful experiences in
dotting the great globe with W. C.
T. U. missions in next Sunday's Call.
Free Day Postponed.
Owing to the continuance of charity ex
hibition of the "Woman's Hospital at the
Hopkins Institute, th« free day has been
postponed for one week to May 13.
/^~*%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
MstGzJOk. KEARXT ST. Established
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625KEARNTKT. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
*WL Jv^Ka Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
' Qac StuPMB disease wearing on bodyand mind and
> i^Kj SEnl^g Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
,^SSeg(K»SoUJ(«rRf»n. Try him. Charges low.
. tSSfKnBaEHi Cnreieaaranfr»d. Call or write.
Or. .8. V. «.tB tOX. Box 1957. San Francisco.
BATLBOAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
tttiwi P*rnr. F— t cl Market Sib
bAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 11:86.
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra' trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. • m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 8:30,
i 6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 13:45.
f 8:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra . trip* at
i 1:65 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.'""
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 8:10,
6:00. 6:25 p. in. ■ v
Between San Francisco and Schuetsen Park
same schedule as above.
■7 Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In effect San Francisco.
: April 23. r
Week I Sun-. IS9S. Sun- I Week
Days, days. Destination. | days. [ Days.
7:30 ami 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:80 am Petaluma, . 6:10 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm : Santa Rosa._ 7:85 pm 6:22 pm
s- •:--.; -~ ... . '. 7 ' Fulton, - . - *• ~ ~
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
IT— Milling.
. Lytton, ..
■ ! Geyserville,
3:30 pro 8:00 am Cloverdale. f 7:35 pm t:22 pm
7:80 ami . Holland and] ..-.--.:■; 10:25 am
3:80 pin [8:00 am Uklah. | 7:35 j>m| 6:22 pm
7:30 am ■=: *-■:. • : 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerr.eville. 7:35 pm . ■
8:30 pin , - ] .-■.-.-• ..) 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma . 110:401 10:40 am 8:40 am
■■.'-'■'. -.. •■:-,:.,!, -■. and ■.■..:,■.• . . '
5:10 pm 5:00 pm) . Glen Ellen. | 8:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. ■ 10:40 am 110:25 am
8:30 pm 15:001 5:00 pm : : ; ; I 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for -Mark. West
SprDigs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
serville for Skaggs | Springs: lat Cloverdale for
the ■ Geysers; at . Hopland : for ' Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, •" New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, .;: Lakeport ' and ■■ Bartlett
Springs; at .Uklah for Vichy j Springs, = Saratoga
Springs, ! Blue Lakes, >- Laurel ) Dell > Lake, - Upper
Lake, Porno,- Potter Valley, > John Day's, 1 River-
Fide, ; Llerley's, • Bucknell's, ■■■ Sanhedrin Heights,
Hullville, Booneville. Git's • Hot . Springs, Men-
docino . City, i Fort Bragg, Westport, •. Usal. *-
.;•: Saturday to : ; Monday ; round-trip tickets at
reduced 1 rates. ;.; .. .- , . •„ :. . .
;« ; On ; Sundays ' round-trip tickets -. to all point* j
beyond San : Rafael ■. at > half rates. - .-.-
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bids.
A. W. FOSTER, ■■•-•... -; R. X. RYAN,.
, Prea. and Gen. ■ Manager. ; . G«n. Pass -jkxtxit^j
AUCTION SALE OF HORSES
TO-MORROW.
SATURDAY May 7, IS9«
At 11 o'clock a. m., at
J. D. HORAN'S Stock and Sale Yard,
CORNER OF TENTH AND BRYANT STS.
I will sell at public auction the property of
Messrs. Archer, West & McCulloueh. consist-
Ing of SO head of horses, broken and unbroken,
weighing from 1000 to 1500 pounds. Stock can
be seen at above yards two days previous to
sale S WATKIXS. Auctioneer.
-. RAILROAD TRAVEL."
BOITHKK.II l'At!l»'H! t'OMPAKT.
(PAOIFIO SYSTEM.)
frnln. l«»v«* nu«l nre •!■•« «<> ttrrlva ml
NAN PI(4N(IM'O.
. (Main Line. Foot of Market Street.) ■ - - .'
lsave — From April 28, 1398. ■■-— akmv»
•0:00 a Nflea, Sao Jo«e aud Way Statious... *S:4sa
7:O(»a Banicia, Suisun and Sacramento.... 10:45 a
7:OOa Maryaville, OroTilleand Keddiug »ia
Woodland 9:45p
7:OOa Vacavilie and Rumsey 8:45 r
7:8»a Martinez, San Uatnon, Vallejo. Napa,
: CalUtoga and Santa Rosa.... 6ilBp
8:00 a Atlantic Express, Ogilen and Kast.. 8:49p
• i!«Oa Niles, San Jose. Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, MaryßvMle, Chico,
Teharaa and Re.l Itluff 4tl9p
*8:3Oa Peters. Milton, Oak dale (Jamestown
for Yo*amite) ....: •7il»p
BtOOA New Orleans ICiiiress. Merced, Fres-
no, Bakerstleld, Santa liarbara.
Los Aiik".«h, Ueiulng, El Paso,
New Orleans and Knst 6i4Hp
1O:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations ?:43r
MtOOp Sacramento lli»er Steamers *9sOOP
l:OOr Niles, Han Jose and Way Stations.. *9:48 a
.......San Jose, Niles and Way Stations... J»:18a
3t:OOp LiTermore, Mendota, Hanford and
Visalia 4tlBp
IjTerruore. San Jose. Niles and Way
Stations J10:13a
....... Fresno, Merced, Martlnea, Vallejo. . .12*10*
4iOOp Martinez, Sail i ilauiou, Vallejo.
Napa. Caiistoga, Xl Verauo and >
Santa Itosa •il»*
4ioop Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland, •
Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro- •
Tille and Sacramento 1O:48a
4:8 Op Niles. San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:I»P
4 :SOp Stockton, Oakdale, Merced.......... 12:19p
4:30p Castle L0di...... 131: 13r
4: SOp Lathrop, Modesto. Merced, Berenda
■ (Kayiuond for Yosemite). Fresno. •
Moiave, Santa Barbara and Lob
-:.** Ange1e5............... 7i4Ba
4>llop Santa Fe Route. Atlantic Kxpress
forMoJKTe and Kast 6:49p
6:o<>p Kuropeau Mall, Ogden and Kast.... 0:4.1 a
»«:»Op Vallejo l*i|Bp
«:<)(» lluy witnlx. Nilrs and San Jose * :43a
J7:oop Vallejo, Port Cost* and Way Sta-
tions.!. J9:49f
SiOOp Oregon Baurainento, Marys-
ville, Redding, Portland, Puget
Soiiihl and Kast i 8«18a
' SAN LEAMtKO AM» lIAVWAUDS LOCAL.
■ (Foot of Market Street.)
" —~} ' "7 7:18 a
8:OOa Melrose, Seminary Park, '!S S 15 A
iJ'SJIi F»cl,l...r ,Elmhan.t, i?Hg*
ill:OOA San I-fiin.iro. South S»» 12s *2 J>
:i2:OOM Leandro , KMadillo, {ijt^p
i:t-oop ■ . Lorenzo, Cherry •{ «* l45 *
4:00p , «5:43p
8:OOP »» d «:19P
5:30p Hiifwardi. l"¥t*
7:« Op 8:4»p
8:«0p i Runs through to NUM. i*'.ial
tti »,OOP^ FfomKi ,es. [ ft lO:9OP
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Gauge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations J8:05»
8:15 a Nework.CenterTille.SanJose.Felton,
Boulder Creek.Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 5:50»
*2il3p Newark, CenterTllle, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations »10t50A
4:1 5 p San Jose, Glen wood & Way Stations 9:20 a
04:15p Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz jV:*»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
JromSiN FRANCISCO— Foot af Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00a.ji. 1.1:03 *2:00 |3:00
•4:00 $5:00 *6:00p.u.
fromOllUHD— Fo»t Br»dw»T.— *6:oo 8:00 10:00 i.M.
1 12:00 *l:00 J2:00 *3:00 ti:00 *8:00pJI.
COAST DIVISION (Broad (iaage).
. (Third and Townaend Sts.)
•7:00* San .lose and Way Stations (Now
Almaden Wednesdays only) 1:30?
)7:30a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grore aud
Principal Way Stations JB:39p
9:00 a San Jose. Tics Piuos, Santa Crux,
Pacilic OroTe, Paao Robles, San
Luis Obiapo, Gaadaiupe. Surf aud
Principal Way Stations 4:K»j-
IO:IOa San Jose and May SUtlons *8:OOa
lltso a San Jose and Wity Stations ....... *B>3s*
*2t43i» San Mateo, Redwood, Palo Alto,
Santa Clara, Han Jose, Gllroy,
Hollister, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey and Pacific Clime *tO:3»A
•ll::u»i- Sau Jose aud Way StiUfoiis *9:«Oa
•4:15r San Jose »n«l Principal Way SUtions 9:43 a
•3:OOr San Jose aud Principal Way Stations 6:83 a
- .■>::(<>!• Sau Josh and Principal Way Stations 9:30p
«:3Op San Jose and Way Stations . 7:SOp
}11:4.tF San Jose and Way Stations 9:aOp
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Bun<lavs excepted. } Sundays only, t Saturdays only
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
i Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sunday*.
Wwsmmfsml CALIFORNIA
IJ^flffiK^ LIMITED.
Hffli^ SAN FRANCISCO
jljßWTlWlgayi CHICAGO.
THE ONLY LIMITED TRAIN
FROM CALIFORNIA BY
ANY LINE,
Leave San Francisco at 4:30 p. m. ■
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries firet-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge. '■ ,:. •
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing Room Sleepers, 3V£ |
days to Chicago, 4V4 days to New York.
Trains arrive and depart | from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main 1520.
Oakland office, 1118 Broadway. Sacramento
office, 201 J street. San Jose, 7 West Santa
Clara street. : ';
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
: From September 10, 1597, trains will run as
follows: , . -■ • ■ .
• South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed Mixed Passen-
ger Sunday Sta- Sunday ■ ger
Dally. Excep'd. tlons. Excep'd. Dally.
J 7:20 ami 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 pm 5:40 p
.9:10 am 12:50 pm Merced 12:50 pm 3:53 pm
10:40 am 3:50 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 pm
11:40 am 5:20 pm Hanford 9:45 am 1:15 pm
12:15 pm 6:46 pm Vlsalia 6:40 am 12:40 pm
-' Stopping at intermediate points : when , re-
quired. .
• Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
C. N. & I. Co.. leaving San Francisco and
■ Stockton at '6■ p. ;m. daily; ,at Merced with,
stages to and from Snelllngs, Coulterville, etc.;
also with stage for Hornltos, Mariposa. etc.;
i at Lanker3him with stage to and from Madera.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vis Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco." commencing May 1, 1898. -
: . W>_EK DAYS. .
■■>. For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »8:00.
•9:30. 11:00 a. m.; «1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 6:15, »<:00.
.6:30 p. m.
'i Extra ■ trips for San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays. Saturdays and Sundays at 11:30
p. m. .
SUNDAYS.
>■:-- For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *s:<s, . "9:00.
•10:00. 11:00.. 11:30 a. m.; 1:00. *1:45, "2:30. "4:00.
6:30. 6:45 p. m. . . • . ■-"■
a 11:00 a, m. does not run to San Rafael.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley. .
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
i 7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.'
I 3:20 p. m. — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
I 5:15 p. m. week days (Sat. Tomales and
; : way stations. ..-.;..- - . ;
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Reyes and way. Eta's.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
. -*; ...-..■ (Via iSausalito Ferry.) •.
Leave ' San • Francisco, commencing May 1,
IS9S: • r- - ' : ' - ■ ■•.:- ■-'■.- ::■.■_-]
■■- Week Days — a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
Sundays— 9:00, ■ 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
! 8:30 p. m. ■
Round trip from Mill Valley, ■: iUs^g&aSEg
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents, 621 Market
street, ■■■ San Francisco. . " ...
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE D AMI AN A BITTERS, THE
: great :; Mexican remedy ; gives health and
strength to the |exual orsao*.
::...■...,-..- ?."
1112
HUNTINGTON A
POOR WITNESS
Very Little Information
Gained From His
T .
Lips.
Treats the Commissioners to
Repartee and Long Ex
planations.
Commissioner Hinton «nd the Rail
road Magnate Have a Merry
Game of Fence.
Collls P. Huntington treated the Rail
road Commissioners yesterday to one of
the cleverest exhibitions of swordsman
ship that has been seen In this city for
many years. The manner In which he
parried questions and guarded himself
from the sharp thrusts made at him by
the board led every one present to be
lieve that he alone could uphold this
State in a contest against the leading
fencing masters. Besides being a master
of telling all he knows about nothing and
nothing about what he knows, the vener
able president of the Southern Pacific Is
especially apt at repartee. Commissioner
Hinton's terse criticisms on the famous
Colton letters and the Railroad Com
pany's actions in the lobbies at Wash
ington and Sacramento would fluster the
witness for a moment, but the next In
stant lie would calmly and cleverly
smooth over any proceeding that threw
discredit on himself or on the corpora
tion of which lie is the shining head. As
on the previous days, Mr. Huntington's
memory was a blank, but he was pro
fuse in his willingness to assist the board
in their investigations.
After struggling through a report that
the commissioners called for the day pre
vious, the witness was asked what roads
were owned by the Southern Pacinc Com
pany and whether it was not a ract that
many In the possession of the company
,had been obtained after outside parties
had exhausted large amounts in building
and putting them in running order. Mr.
Huntington replied it was very likely.
GRIEF LED TO HIS DEATH.
Frank L Smith Fatallu Shoots Himself Beside His
Dead Wife's Body.
Grief, caused by the death of his wife yesterday morning, led Frank L.
Smith, a carpenter by occupation, living at 207 Carl street, to take his life.
Both bodies were removed to the Morgue, as Mrs. Smith died from periton
itis under rather peculiar circumstances, and an investigation will be made
by the Coroner.
About a week ago Mrs. Smith, who has worked in various laundries in
this city, was taken sick, and Dr. Starr was called in to attend her. All
efforts to relieve her suffering were in vain, and she died early yesterday
morning. The attending physician notified the Coroner's office, but Smith
was determined that the body of his -vile should not be taken from his
1 pine. He went from the house for the r urpose of finding a physician who
would sign a death certificate, but without avail.
He then went to Klrchner's grocery store, on the corner of TValler and
Cole streets, where he took a drink, and then returned to the room where
his wife lay dead. In a few minuses two shots were heard by those in
the vicinity, and when the door was forced in it was seen that Smith was
dead, he having shot himself with i srr.al" caliber revolver in the forehead
and fallen to the floor by the side of the bed that held his wife's body.
Captain Thompson, of the pirk police, discovered the two bodies, arrt
then notified the proper authorities. Tho couple had no children, and there
are no relatives on this coast so far as known. He was a mem
ber of tne A. O. U. W.. and apparently in good circumstances. Jt
is supposed that Mrs. Smith die;] from peritonitis, caused by self-per
formed criminal treatment, and it i» not known whether or not the husband
was cognizant of the crime or participated in it.
None of the residents of that portion of the city seem to be acquainted
with the couple, as they are strangers in the city. They both appeared
to be industrious and everything in the house showed that they had been in
comparatively easy circumstances so far as money was concerned. A Coro
ner's investigation will be held for the purpose of determining the cause of
the death of Mrs. Smith.
THE SCENE OF THE TRAGEDY
As to what roads were thus acquired, the
witness" memory was at fault. He ex
plained that many roads in this State
were run with a loss, and after the own
ers found it so the Southern Pacinc was
able to obtain them.
Such inquiries as to what was a fair
cost of a roud and the price given for
some so obtained elicited vague answers.
He was questioned at length on this sub
ject, but would always entertain his hear
era with a long tale of what he had done
in trying to interest rich men into taking
stock and the hard work he did to further
the progress of this State.
"What is the present commercial value
of the Southern Pacinc road?" asked
Chairman La Rue.
"I can't tell you; I believe It has a suffi
cient value, both present ana orr>spec
tive."
"How much money has gone into it?"
"I can't say. Money has been put into
it for forty years, and almost every work
ing day during the last thirty years. The
only way to tind out what a road costs
ana its actual worth would be to put it
on auction, and the man who bids will
give you its worth; no living person can
tell otherwise."
Another means given by Mr. Hunting
ton to ascertain the value of the road was
to take the roads of the world, find their
cost and then make an estimate. He did
not think that roads built during the past
year should be used In comparison.
The aged witness became tired with the
constant questioning about values and
said: "You are asking me questions that
no man in the world can answer." Com
missioner Hinton in trying to soothe him
told him that he believed he was honestly
trying to answer. He then quoted some
thing that Huntington had said on a
previous occasion. The pent-up feelings
of the witness gave way again, and he
pointedly replied that Hinton must have
seen some of his friends — Sutro and Bas
sett. Hinton Indignantly replied that he
had not, but that the question was put
to him just as it was asked by Senator
Morgan in the examination before the
Senate committee.
Before hostilities could commence Chair
man La Rue asked the witness whether
there were any books or data by which
the value of the road could be ascer
tained, and the witness in his nervous
ness said: "I don't think there is; I
don't think there is."
Mr. Huntington said that its present
value could only be got by comparison
with other roads, but did not thing a
comparison with the roads that have just
been constructed parallel with his road
would be a fair one.
Mr. Hinton read another question from
the report of the examination of the* wit
ness before the Senate committee and the
witness facetiously remarked that Mr. Su
tro had a full file of such Literature in hi 3
library. The Commissioner could not see
the jest, but sharply reminded the mag
nate that Mr. Sutro should not be intro
duced in the proceedings, as the poor man
was lying at death's door. The witness
was not ruffled in the least, and when
the Commissioner sprung another ques
tion from the report and asked an expla
nation he could not remember whether he
had testified in such terse language.
Mr. Hinton took another shot at the i
magnate by saying that he did not think
the language was as terse as his letters
to Mr. Colton, adding that he might read
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CAIX, FBIDAY, MAT 6, 1898.
them to him before the examination was
concluded.
The remainder of the afternoon was de
voted to interesting repartee between Mr.
Huntington and Commissioner Hinton,
which made Samuel Braunhart laugh In
glee. Tho witness was voluble in answer
ing the many hundred questions asked
him, but very little valuable information
was gained.
The Commissioners will try again to
day.
Read the exciting adventures of a
party of argonauts who have sailed
20,000 miles to search for Alaska's
gold; in next Sunday's Call.
CLAIMS HE IS
NOT A FORGER
Arthur Klein Visits Police
Headquarters and Denies
the Charge.
Pictures the Lifo Lod With the
W«ll«oo Woman «nd lis
Result.
Arthur H. Klein, characterized falsely,
as he claims, the cleverest forger In local
or Eastern fields, appeared at the City
Prison yesterday morning exhibiting
every Indication of violent agitation and
tfluntly asking the destt sergeant If that
gentleman wanted him. The officer in
charge Informed him that the house was
full, but if he wouid leave his address an
agent of the prison might call later to let
him know If they wanted his company.
"I live at 15V4 Powell street." said
Klein, "and if you fellows want me you
can alwa\s find me at the above ad
dress."
This dialogue was the outcome of a
charge made by Beatrice Wallace, alias
Hopkins, against Klein on an alleged con
fession made by him of forgery commit
ted in the East— he having signed his
father's signature to a document, so she
claims, which compelled him to flee to
this coast to e-ude the hounds of justice.
All this, and, in fact, every allegation
of crime made against him by the Hop
kins woman. Klein denies, but admits,
however, that in a spirit of banter, in or
der to frighten her, he had told her that
he had committed forgery and that un
less she kept me fact a profound secret
i he would be sent Dack to Allegheny and
compelled to suffer the punishment for
his crime. „ , .
This she evidently failed to do either
through the utter impossibility of keeping
a secret or an Innate aversion to practi
cal jokes.
Klein, in defense of his honor, his repu
tation and his self-respect, claims that
Beatrice has been the cause of his fall
from the pedestal of virtue to that of dis
grace and calumny; ana in view of this
fact he feels it his bounden duty to clear
himself of the base charees made by his
arch tempter b-" divulging her true char
acter to the entire English speaking
world.
"Miss Hopkins says I tried to commit
suicide by cutting my throat- with a 'corn
razor' in' the dead of night, but the shoe
fits entirely the other way. It was she
who tried to sap my young life blood
with the ragged edge of the corn exter
minator.
"One morning after a particularly
stormy night she approached me with the
blood curdling confession that she had
that very same jaggei. razor under her
pillow and that if I had accidently fallen
asleep during the course of the preceding
night she would have severed my jugular
beyond repair. She also stated at the
time that if 1 was ever seen in company
with another woman she would repay me
for my infidelity by murdering both of us.
"The public doesn t know," he contin
ued, "the torments that I suffered since
I first met Beatrice. At the time 1 en
countered her bewitching eyes and first
saw her beautiful tresses and the
exriulsite lines of her abbreviated figure I
did not know what it was to deviate from
the strict lines of virtue and propriety,
and I had in ray possession a good stock
of worldly goods, consisting of $500 In
cash, two rings of more than ordinary
value, a diamond pin and nine suits of
clothes. These possessions have slipped
like a 6rr>- oi mercury from under my
fingers into the hands of Beatrice and I
have nothing to show for them but the
cold immobile countenance of a woman
whom I once loved.
"I showed her - good time." continued
Klein with a sig. "and what it was to
live in the true sense oi the word, and she
has repaid the experience by robbing me
of my money and jewelry and going back
on him whom she called her only Arthur.
'Tootsie Wootsle' and various other pet
but insincere appellations to inspire him
with an untold liberality.
"To show her real temner and create a
feeling of awe within my breast she took
a carving knife and deliberately sliced
the crowns of the three best hats in my
possession — one of them a silk hat of fine
texture and better price; and ripped my
trousers in twain, casting one section in
my face and the other out of the window
where it descended like a lifeless limb
that had been lopped off the trunk of
seme unfortunate being by some frenzied
demon.
"When I was president of the American
Advertising Company I received $40 to
write a song which was also hypnotized
into the possession of the unscrupulous
and 'bogus' Beatrice before I had time to
take a second look at It.
"This is fate, sad fate," concluded
Klein, "to fall in love with a lunatic who
takes your money, cuts the roof from
your hats and pnes about the silent and
quiet hours of the nierht with a Jagged
corn razor in search of your windpipe."
The very interesting story of the
practical value of the new Oakland
Training School for Children is told
in next Sunday's Call.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
M L Isaacs &f, N V W B Andrews, Utah
A Bonnhelm, Sacto M F Clueney Or
A Thorp, Sacto Miss E Squlffle-t, Cai
:H M Graham, Sacto F J Murphy, Cal
{ J R Hebbron, Salinas W E Hawkins, Cal
IH E Abbott. Salinas J G Joy, Salinas
I Mrs Gay, Clayton S H Rice & w, Cal
N Kirk wood, Clayton H Wall en, Minn
Dr Neff, Concord J A Manley. w & a,
R Row. S Clara Spokane
F Clark, Fresno , H M Smith. Stockton
! G W Chandler. S Crus ' W S Curnes, N V
J H Munroe, Oakland ' Mrs J R Bamis, X V
! A D Campbell & w, CaliE C Mcßeavey. Cal
t E Hand, Stockton Miss E Cormick. Cal
H D Scribner, Decoto IH E Abbott, Salinas
G E Pecker, Cal B N Laujrhlin. Cal
J A Werfrflrth, Tex C H Rnyee. N V
S H Buchanan. Tex W W Yarney, Salinas
J Julian. Tex w V McGarvey & w,
D M Evans. I Ang Salinas
O Kaiser, L Ang H At wood. Calaveras
E E Kutz. Cal E C G*>tringer, Mich
J Hammer & w m C I Euland, Cal
P. Reeves, Courtland Bftoa Adams. Cal
E Perkins. Boston Miss Hughs. Cal
M Murdoch, Boston J C Tohln & w, Cal
C L La Rue, Cal C C Robertson. Sacto
W H A Pike, Nev R Hunt. Stockton
E A Jackson, Nev C P Vicinnl, Sutter Ck
PALACE HOTEL.
.A L Nelson, Texas I Pauline Higbee, Phil
R L Howell, N Dak i Q H Higbee Jr. Phil
Mrs Howell, N Dakota E A Hanson, Phil
A A Hldstrom, Wis !T P Shaw & w, Phil
A G Browr.lee. Chicago! Mrs - T IJ Crosby, N V
J L Copeland, L Ang iMiss Crosby, N V
G D Haven, Utah ip R Jarboe. S Mateo
J S Field. Utah Mrs Jarboe, San Mateo
R C Pierce. Mass L H Severance, N V
J R Baa, Amsterdam S L Severance, X V
C F Scott, NY T S Phelps. USA
J P Channlng. NY W S Carver. N V
F C Lusk, Chico Mrs J R Barnes. N V
V B Bloom, NY P M Smith, Stanford
A L Reed, NY J F Randolph, N J
C A Ealdwin & w, N Y^Mrs Randolph, N J
J W Kneeland&w, Mass Mrs Chandler, N J
B D Murphy, San Jose! A B Cohen, Mo
G X Watson. Frankftiß Wlllson, Winnipeg
W B Beaver, Victoria C F Scott. N V
C B Stubeschmidt.B Cl A H Atherton. Mass
S Wilmot. Newcastle I W H Carpenter, R I
Miss Wood, Toronto I Mrs Carpenter. R I
Mrs F Burchaj-d N V IH L Baker. Boston
O H Higbee & w. Pa !
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
M Hooley, Fresno J King, Sacto
J W Bowles, Fresno J Richardson, Pasadna
J Martin & w S Jose G Clows & w, Chicago
O F Randall, Fair Oak H Fothergill. Nevada
J Straub. Cal H E Haskins. Wls
C Bowman. Modesto A C White, Sulsun
J Freeman, Stockton J Glllea, Stockton
C Marks, Calistoga P C Sargent, Sulsun
J Peterson, Sacto J Williams, Gold Run
M B Cole. L Ang M Merethen, Gold Run :
C M Smith, Hanford
BALDJVIX HOTEL.
M A Little, Berkeley R Stocking. San Dgo
W KeM. Alarr.eJa " V B Bl"om. N V
P Ball. San Jopu D Xedbury. N V
B Morgan, Angels Cp MtssMDetrout. SLonis
T Hall. Los Angeles D Fitzgerald, Chicago
T McAleer, Los Ang J T Hall, N T
G McCarthy, St Louis j J Powers, Belvedere
A Qrahom, Detroit '• R Larson, Stockton
W McKetcham, ChiegoL Upson, Sacto
S Hanaen, Salinas
BUILDERS' CONTRACTS.
M A. Gunst & Co.. a corporation (owners),
with James A. Wilson, contractor, architects
Hermann & Swain. All work for house hold
ing, wrought and castlr<->n work, sidewalk
lighting, concrete and mason work, stone and
cement work, etc., for alterations and addi
tions to a 3-story and basement brick struc
ture on NW corner of Koarny and Morton
streets. N 40, N 60:5. N 20, W 30, S 00, E 90:5;
$47.-0.
The very interesting story of the
practical value of the new Oakland
Training School for Children is told
in next Sunday's Call.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, May 5.
Stmr Point Arena, Hanson, 14 hours from
Mendocino.
Br bark Ednyfed. Jones. 76 days from Syd-
Bark Mohican, Turner, 23 days from Hono
lulu
Hktn Robert Sudden. Blrkholm. 19 days
from Kahului.
Schr Fannie Adele. Rlstine, 4 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr La Chllena, Campbell, 9 hours from Fort
Ross.
DOMESTIC- PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May s— Br bark
Dominion, hence April 23; schr W H Talbot,
from Honolulu.
CASPAR— Arrived May &— Stmr Jewel, hence
May 4
SAN DlEGO— Sailed May s— Ship James Ne
smith, for San Francisco.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived May s— Stmr Am
sterdam, from New York.
Sailed May s— Stmr Obdam. from New Tork.
NEW YORK— Saflea May 6— Stmr Bremen,
for Bremen, via Southampton; stmr State of
Nebraska, for Glasgow.
Arrived May 5— Stmr rforgo, from Copen
hagen.
GENOA— Sailed May s— Stmr Aller, for New
(jI'EENSTOWX— Sailed May s— Stmr Majes
tic! for New York; stmr Pennland, for Liver-
P °PHILADELFHIA— Sailed May 5— Stmr Switz
erland, for Antwerp.
LONDON— Arrived May 6— Stmr Mohawk, fm
New York.
Sailed May s— Stmr Mlnnewaska, for New
LONDON— Arrived May s— Stmr Fuerst Bis
marck, for New York.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived May s— Stmr Werra,
for N<*w York.
— Arirved May s— Stmr
Trave, from New York.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 6W Montgomery street,
comer Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
3ST Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market Btreet, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 3 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N\V. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commander)- .-' No. 1. K. wJSL-q
T., Masonic Temple. Post and Mont- .ran
gomery sts.— Regular assembly THIS I ill
- (Friday) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock.
Annual election of officers. All fraters are
. courteously Invited. FRASER. Em. Com.
SIR JOHN FRASER. Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
YERBA BUENA Lodge of Prefection qxy
No. I— Stated meeting THIS . (FHI- V
DAY) EVENING, May 6, at 8 o'clock. f\
GEORGE J. HOI3E, j£\-
Secretary.
ORIENTAL LODGE NO. 144, F. and A. m
Third Degree THIS (FRIDAY) Jk
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. rLjT
A. S. HUBBARD, Sec. /▼>
REGULAR meetlns of the S Caledo- v I XSgr a,
nlan Club THIS EVENING, at 8 2k, tko/i
o'clock. Scottish Hall, ■ 111 Larkin 'tkX^
st JOHN REID, Chief.
JAMES H. DUNCAN, Secretary.
PICNIC— St. Andrew's Society, rain ." . «sT>T
or shine, annual picnic at Fair- A, (AJu
fax, SATURDAY. May 7; boats 4kX£s
• leave Sausalito ferry at 7, 9:30. 11 *«=?^*
a. m. and 1:45 p. m., returning trains
leave grounds at 4:43 and 5:30 p. m.
Round trip tickets, adults 60 cents, chidren
25 cents. Fine music, valuable prizes for
games. A good time "t all.
J. S. WEBSTER, President.
A. C. BALLINGALL. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
• ceived applications to mine by the hy-
draulic ' process from George ..- C. Rose,
in the Blue Rock mine at Georgia
Slide, El Dorado County, to ■ deposit tail-
ings behind the dam of the Gold Bug
mine in Canyon Creek; from A. ■ B. Dries-
bach and J. F. Dudley, in the Driesbach
& Dudley mine near North San Juan. .Ne-
vada . County, to deposit •■ tailings In Shady !
Creek; from William E. Moore: ar..i John Is- j
bister In the Fair View mine at Sweetland, ;
Nevada County, to deposit tailings on a flat
below the mine, and from David Cabona and I
, John Romano, in the Imperial • mine ■ near j
! Sierra City, Sierra County, to deposit tail- !
. Ings in old pits below the mine, gives notice
that a meeting will be held at room 69. Flood !
• building, San Francisco, Cal.. on May 16, |
. IS9S. at 1:30. p. m. , . ... ■-.'■-' • )
ANNUAL Meeting— i regular; annual meet-
ing of stockholders of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be held at the office ■
of the company, 327 Market st., San Fran- ;
Cisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, the = 10th day of ;
May. 1898. at the hour of 11 a. m., for the j
purpose of electing a Board of Directors to ;
serve fcr the ensuing year, ■, and the transac- j
tion of such other business as may. come be- I
fore the meeting. : : Tretasfer books will close
on FRIDAY April 29. Nt 3 o'clock p. m. '
-■ ■- ■■-• ■■■ -.-■ .E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
A MEETING of the Beer Bottlers' Protective
Association resolved in advancing. the price of
. bottle beer, to take effect to-day. . •- . .
THEY are : closing > out ■< underwear, hosiery,
gloves, .corsets, 1 , veiling, yarns,"' laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow, shams,- table covers,
1 towels, -flannels, etc., very : cheap at the. Pio-
neer, Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st. ' .."'■ •:;.'
BAD tenants ejected I for ' $4: : collections made:
• city . or country. : PACIFIC , COLLECTION
CO., . 415 Montgomery St., [ room ; 6; , tel. ! 5680. '
MISS L. DEAN has removed to 917 Market St.,
parlors 11 and 12; Turkish baths, manicuring. .
SPECIAL. NOTlCES— Continued. .
MRS. E. BALDWIN? magnetic healer. 1506
Market St., cor. ■ Eighth, room 98, second floor.
MISS SHELDON, steam .' baths and genuine
massage. 865V4 Market st., rooms 9 and 11.
ALVIXE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15V»! Turk and HIS Market, rms. ; 15-16.
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 122
; Post St., room 10. second floor front. . ~J-.-" ■;.'".
ALICE FAY. magnetic healer and vapor baths.
116 A Grant aye., room 17. ■ . :
MISS R. CLEVELAND from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 29 Grant aye., room 5.
M.ME, HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MISS VIOLA BUR WELL of New Orleans:
baths and massage. HIS Market st., rm. 8.
BOOMS papered from $2 50: whitened, $L 343
Third st. and 2SOS Twenty-fourth. : ,
ANNA RAY PALMER, genuine massage and
vapor baths. Room 1. 147 Powell st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
NEAT German girl wishes second work or take
care of children. $15 to $20; best references.
MRS. NORTON, 3. ■. Sutter st. Tel. Green_ 721.
REFINED young lady wishes to be governess,
chaperon, nursery governess children; best
references. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter si.
NEAT Swedish girl desires situation at house-
work or as nurse or second work, $10 to $15;
references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
COMPETENT mother and daughter desire sit-
uations at housework and second work; $20
to $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT colored cook desires situation:
best of references; willing to do housework
or as nurse; $15 to $20. MISS CULLEN. 323
Butter Bt. ' ■ "
SCANDINAVIAN cook, best of city reference,
desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
810 Sutter st.
A NO. 1 second girl, best of references, desires
a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter st.
SWEDISH housegirl; good cook: strong and
willing; 2 years last place; city or country.
Apply MRS. NORTON, Swedish and Ger-
man Employment Bureau. 323 Sutter st.
POSITION wanted as housekeeper, or to take
care of an Invalid, or to nurse a lady In con-
finement; best of references. Call between 9
and 4, 1028 Market St.. room 3.
SITUATION wanted by a very superior Ger-
man general house servant; an excellent cook
; and laundress; references. 1023 Market st.
SITUATIONS wanted by an pxperionced lnrtv
canvasser; valuable city connections. 1023
Market ft.
I YOUNG Swedish girl wishes situation to do
housework; can do p'.ain cooking, small
American family preferred; $20. Apply 803
Mission st.
RESPECTABLE young girl wishes position
for housework; wages $15. Apply 257 Clemen-
tina St., off Fourth.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman wants a
situation for Hunt housework and cooking;
small wagps. Call 281Vt Tehama st.
YOUNG woman as cook and plain washing;
wages $25. 217 Second st.
I COMPETENT young woman wishes a situa-
tion as first-class cook and laundress; city or
coantry; short time from the East: moder-
ate wages; has good references. 369 Jessie.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker on ladles' and
children's clothes wlil accept engagements
in families; terms reasonable; references.
Apply 1213 Scott st.
| BY a neat woman, any kind of light work;
willing and obliging; wages $12. Call 40
Eleventh St., corner Mission, upstairs.
WOMAN wishes to take charge of a house; Is
a neat sewer; good washer; references. Box
2411 Call Office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation as
cook and do general housework; good refer-
ence. Apply 815 Mission st.
NICE respectable young girl wishes situation
to help mornings and evenings for board;
near downtown. Box 51, Call office.
WOMAN wishes situation as first-class cook
In a private family: city reference. 31S Jones.
YOUNG woman wants chamberwork or house-
keeper position: no objection to country. Call
or address 205 Third .at., room 9.
would like a position as housekeeper or
companion In a refined family; am reliable:
can give ref. Address box 2402. Call office.
DRESSMAKER wants engagements by the
day; terms reasonable. 715 Sutler St.
ELDERLY woman wants situation at light
housework: Is a good cook and laundress; or
■would go by the day. Call 1231 Market st.
RELIABLE woman would like sewing to do
at home. MRS. EFFIE SIMON, 1907 Harri-
son ft.
COMPETENT German girl wishes situation
for second work or housework In small fam-
ily. Apply SCO Clny St., Oakland.
YOUNG girl wishes to do light housework. Ap-
ply <:■; Shotwll st.
YOUNG lady wants a position as cashier In
restaurant or to attend bakery. 946 Mission.
STRONG German girl wishes situation, gen-
eral housework; wages $20. 23 Eureka st.,
bet. Seventeenth and Eighteenth, nr. Castro.
ELDERLY woman wants situation: plain cook-
ing and washing; no postals; wages $10. 920
Jackson st.
YOUNG Eastern lady of character and educa-
tion would supervise refined home; give chil-
dren mother's care: year abroad; would
travel; highest references. 3153, Call otfice.
WANTED— Position by Spanish girl to do light
housework or will do general housework; no
washing or lron'.ng. Call at 1103 Powell et.,
corner Washington.
POSITION wanted by refined, intelligent lady
in family. The Custer, 9u6 Market, room 3S.
REFINED Christian woman would like re-
sponsible position where faithfulness and In-
tegrity will be appreciated; is agreeable and
companionable: knows how to make invalid
comfortable. Address box 1467, Call office.
WOULD like a position as housekeeper; ant a
woman of intelligence and refinement; prac-
tical in every way; would go out of city.
Box 1401. Call office.
REOTNKD woman wants a position as house-
keeper; Is capable, reliable, neat; answer
with particulars; no cards. Address 3152,
Call office.
WANTED— A situation to do housework; no
children; wages moderate; references given.
Inquire 909 M: Mission st.
WANTED — By young Danish girl with good
address, a position to do light upstairs work.
H. MILLER, 319 Powell St., after 12.
RELIABLE woman would like washing and
Ironing at home. MRS. ALICE SCHOOLEY.
137 Julian aye.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes work by the day;
■ plain washing and housecleaning. ~ 1941 Mis-
sion et. - . ; ■ '. .
GERMAN girl wishes work in country to Cook
or general housework on ranch. Box 3254,
Call office.
LADY wishes few engagements in families; old
dresses^ made over like new; all kinds of sew-
ing very reasonable. Box S. C. 04. \ • ..
FRENCH housekeeper: good cook; • for small
family; take full care of a widower's family.
Address '427 Golden Gate aye.
AN elderly lady wishes a situation in private
family; a pood home more an object than
wages. 536 Third St., room 23/ .
GIRL wishes situation as nurse for 1 or 2
children; $15; sleep home. 3327 Sacramento.
! GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do general
housework. Call 492 Eighth st. •:- i ■ 1\ .'<
YOUNG woman wants chamber work or house-
keeper's position; no objection to country.
Call . or address SI9B Howard st. -.
WOMAN wishes work by the day. 322 Third st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (eatab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay St.
CHINESE and Japanese- employment office;
best ; help. 414^ O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426. v •
SITUATION wanted by an engineer, steam and
electrical ; city or country. ;- Address .box 2409,
• Call office. -■..,-■■ .-.■■-■■■■■
JANlTOR— Watchman— Porter in wholesale
house; two ■ experienced ; men want positions;
first-class city references: also from present
: employers. Address L., 539 A Seventh st. 1
AN ENGLISH boy: who is an experienced cook
- and laundryman wishes a situation; 3 years
in last place. :H. F.. box 121, Call. : - :.;. -\ :r,
BOY IS would like a position jas valet to gen-
tleman of means. J. " *>ox 52. -Call office.-
WANTED— Situation by: young man to drive
1 delivery • wagon or about gentleman's pri-
vate place. A.8., box 13.. Call office. . ._:'.-. .-f'%
MAN and wife for country .hotel, man as first-
1 class cook and wife '- as - helper; ) best i city
references. Address box 7220. Call office. . .-. <
WANTED by an elderly man a place to do
chore 6. Is of good habits and handy with
carpenter's tools. Room 20, 906 Washington
St.. Oakland, Cal.
POSITION wanted by a 14 year old boy; will-
ing to do anything; Just from the country;
no cigarette smoker. 1727 Eddy, near Scott.
YOUNG man wishes a jwsition as painter:
housework. Address JACK DOLAN. 565
Twenty-fourth St., Oakland, Cal.
YOUNG Scotchman of good habits with best
of references desires position of any kind.
or with private family. Box 8757. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes employment as a book-
keeper, cashier or collector; has experience
as bookkeeper, with the best of reference*.
Address box 1496. Call offlca.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
' FRANK P. BENNETT wants a position as
watchman: sixteen years chief of scouts for
Government on frontier; best ot reference.
Box 2403 Call office.
BUSINESS man with experience in country
banking, mortgage loans, real estate and in-
surance; good accountant; would like an en-
gagement; either office or outside work; city
or country: New York. Colorado and Califor-
nia references. Box 3155. Call.
WANTED by middle-aged German, work in
private family or hotel; can do all kinds of
work: care for garden, horses, cows, chick-
ens: good driver; willing and obliging; coun-
try; $20 to $25. J Iresa box 5555, Call.
ENGLISH-AMERICAN wants work of any
kind: is handy all-around man of 33 years, or
as night watchman: can do private detective
work- reasonable wages; Al references. Ad-
dress box 3164. Call Office.
SITUATION wanted by reliable man who un-
derstands wholesale grocery and provision
business, also bookkeeping, etc. : speaks Eng-
lish and German; has good references. Ad-
dress box 1483. Call Office.
WANTED by a steady reliable man. situation
at any kind of employment Indoor or out;
city or country; wages no object. Address
F. GREENFIELD, 220 Third St., S. F.
I $ioo— Al bookkeeper will give above amount to
party securing him permanent position; best
references; no investments. Address box
3224, Call Office.
JAPANESE honest '-oung boy wishes to work
in family as a schoolboy; speaks English very
well. Box 2160. Call.
! EXPERT accountant desires position; very
best references: moderate salary. Address
box 8369, Call Office.
YOUNG man (24) wants to work as an ap-
prentice in a first-class boiler-shop; has
worked as helper two years; can give refer-
ence from last employer. Address G. E., box
14, Call Office.
SITUATION aa stationary engineer, fireman,
oiler or wiper; of 9 years' experience; best of
reference. S. J. BUNDOCK, 1110 Denison St.,
East Oakland.
$50 to any one securing me a permanent office
position; 12 years' experience as cashier and
bookkeeper; references. Box 1468, Call.
SITUATION wanted by cook and wife to take
charge of mining camp; good references. Box
1456. Call office.
BARKEEPER, good lunch cook, wants posi-
tion at once. Address GUSTAV KRAMPERT.
816 Sansome st.
GERMAN mechanic, very bandy with any kind I
of tools, wants any situation on moderate |
wages. Box 14S0. Call office.
BUSINESS man wants position, city or coun-
try: thoroughly experienced teas, coffees and
general merchandise; will deposit $50 if nec-
essary; best references. Address H. PAR-
ISH, 534 Bush St., city.
STRONG young man, 19, understands use of
tools, wishes employment in machine Fhop.
Box 1515, Call office.
YOUNG man wants a good position as porter
or to do first-class general housework and
help in the kitchen: wa^jes about $15 per
month. Box 1552, Call.
YOUNG man would like a position as gardener;
can milk: prunin' and grafting a specialty.
J. J.. 1523 Walnut St., Berkeley.
WANTED — Position as foreman machine shop;
railroad shop preferred; best of references.
Box 1540, Call office. i
ELDERLY man. once rich; poor through hon- ;
esty, wants trusted position; references and
bonds. Address box J633, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by an up to date chef ;
cook; city or country. Address J. C. FRANK-
EN BERG. 143 Third st.
EXPERIE-NCED carpenter and builder and
fitter of stores and banks wants work; waged •
moderate. Box 3305, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar- '
ket; 20 rooms, 25c to $1 60 night; $150 to $«
week; convenient -nd respectable; fr«» bus
and taggage to and from fer -y.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ada taken. 1
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
COOK, delicacy store, $20, must sleep home;
waitress, $2f>. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
COOK, $30; house girl. $2".; second girl. $20;
nurse, $20. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl, assist housework, no cooking, $10
to $12; nurse girl, $S. MRS. NORTON. 323
Sutter st.
RANCH cook. $15; 2 house girls, Oakland. $20
and $15. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
GERMAN house jrtrl. 2 in family. $20; Irish
house girl, $25; 6 Swedish hous*» girls. $25 to
$20; 2 young girls, assist. MRS. NORTON,
r.23 Sinter st.
WANTED— First-class German cook. $35: 2
American cooks, city, references, $25; 2 Ger-
man or Swedish girls, country, $20: nice
young girl, housework. small family,
$15; German second, $20, at LEON ANDRE'S,
316 Stockton St.
STEWARDESS for a mountain resort who can
write bills of tare, see party here. C. R.
HAXSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FOREWOMAN and marker for a hotel laun-
dry $35 to $40 and found. C. R. HAXSEX &
CO., 104 Geary st.
SIX extra waitresses, $1 and free fare. C. R.
HAXSEX & CO.. 104 Geary st.
3 WAITRESSES, country- hotels, $20; 2 wait-
resses, $20: chambermaid and wait. $15; 2
waitresses, $5. C. R. HAXSEX & CO., 104
Geary Et.
3 ALL round lroners for a hotel laundry in
British Columbia. $30 and found and free
fare. C. R. HAXSEX & CO.. 104 Geary St.
GERMAN second girl, $20, call early; German
house girl, $25: German or Scandinavian girl
for country, $20, no cooking: 10 girls for
housework. $20 to $23; 20 young girls, $15 to
$20; woman with a child, $15. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A NITBSE; $20. MIPS CCLLEN. 323 Sutter
street.
A NEAT young girl; assist; $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girls. Haywards, $20; Alameda,
$20; Oakland, $20; 15 housework girls, city and
country. J2y and »23: 6 young girls, assist, $10
to $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child over 5 years. Clover-
dale: $10 to $15: see lady here at 12:30. MISS
CU LLEX, 325 Sutter st.
NURSE. $20: 2 second girls, $25 and $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK; hotel: country': $25; fare paid. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID; $15 per month. MISS CUL-
LEN. 32:> Sutter st.
YOUNG working housekeeper, no cooking, $2.">;
nurse, $20; 3 German. Scandinavian and
Irish second girls, $20; girl for cooking, some
housework, 3 in family, $25; 6 waitresses, ho-
tels and restaurants. $20, $5 and $6 a week;
2 kitchen helpers, $1."»; 2 chambermaids, assist
waiting, $15 and $20;^ cooks, restaurant and
boarding house. $20 and J2.*>. and a large num-
ber of girls for cooking and housework in city
and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS private family. $25; Protestant
cook, $30; German or Scandinavian second
glri. $20; German nurse and seamstress, $20;
restaurant cook, $8! week; 2 kitchen helpers,
$15; 6 waitresses, hotels and restaurants, $20
and $5 and $6 week, and a large number of
girls to fill situations too numerous to adver-
tise. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS, country hotel. $20; waitress,
country hotel, north, $20: ranch cook, Santa
Clara County, $25: girls for other places.
MURRAY & READY. leading Employment
Agents, 634 and Cd 6 Clay at.
LADIES' Select Fx^hange, managed exclu-
sively by ladies; strictly confidential in Its
operations; situations secured for teachers,
governesses, companions, bookkeepers, clerks,
salesladies, copyists, trained nurses, all com-
mercial positions; investigate: ladles looking
for select positions should call. 313 Bush st.
FOR summer resort, cook, vegetable and
pastry cooks, 3 second girls, 5 waitresses;
restaurant cook, $30: seamstress; pantry
clrls: kitchen keener: chambermaids; 20
houseglrlB. 1023 Market st.
STENOGRAPHER: 3 milliners: dressmaker;
glove saleslady; 20 shop girls. 1023 Market st.
20 GIRLS of all nationalities to fill various
positions. MRS. LAMBERT. German Em-
ployment Office. 417 Powell St.
WANTED— 2S frirls to fill various situations at
good wages. MRS. HIRD. 631 Larkln st.
COLUMBIA Square. 17A. bet. Sixth and Sev-
enth. Folsom and Harrison— Protestant girl
for housework.
WANTED— A young girl for general house-
work: small wash. Call bet. 9 and 12 a. m.,
1223 Geary st.
GERMAN g-Trl for housework. 1301 Market St..
bet. Sixth nnd Seventh.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to care for 2 children.
Call 230 E«*at St., upstairs.
EXPERIENCED finisher on ladles' cloaks;
good pay. 319 Geary et.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser and apprentice for
hair work. G. LEDERER, Ul Stockton st. _
WANTED— A good waitress. Apply Palace
Grotto, 20 Third st.
YOUNG rirl to assist with light housework.
Apply to-morrow morning, 17"3 A Oak St.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker to act as fore-
lady. 840 Market St.
25 YOUNG ladles to sing in chorus. 527 Kearny
st. Call to-day.
YOUNG girl for housework; wages $15. 744
Haye» st. ' -
WANTED— Good finishers on pents at SGO
Fourth st.
APPRENTICE girl on custom coats. 1044 How-
ard St.
HELP WASTED- Continued.
WANTED— A good German or Swedish <^i
for general housework; large wash Riven ( U t-
wages $15 per month; 4 in family; re:
required. Address E. F., lock box 60 v
caville. Cal. ' a "
GOOD pants finishers wanted. 373 Natoma »t.
RESPECTABLE person take care of lit-
3 years and assist housowork. Boa h "
GIRL wanted to learn dressmaking 2™
Twenty-fourttajrt. '" w
YOUNG Kir! for general housework and cook""
ing. Call forenoon, 162S Sutt*-r st.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. UM I
St.; monthly troubles, etc., cured at once.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttins: Bcho I,
st. ; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; position*
tree; patterns 25c. McDOWELL'S. 103 p oau
HELP W.WTKn-MVIi;.
BILL clerk manufacturing firm, $75; 2 pa - -»
wholesale house. 313 Bush st.
MAN and wife, position of trust, $80; chanra
of light profitable business. 313 Bu
TRAVELING cutlery salesman. 1
trade; grocery traveler, $100. US Bush st.
FOR Seattle branch cash business, young busi-
ness man as partner. 313 Bush st.
GKNKRAL store clt-rk, dress goods and domeg^
tic salesman, office assistant. 313 Bush st.
OFFICE assistant; man and wife, country jj o .
Tel, experienced. 1023 Market st.
JANITOR, new building, nearly ready; first-
class references as to responsibility "and so-
briety required. 313 Bush st.
WATCHMAN, department store; security re-
quired: references exchanged. 313 Bush st.
CARPENTER for hotel; storeroom clerk; gro-
cery clerk; hotel bartender: Call 313 Bush st.
A dry goods clerk. $40, country- store; driver
for milk wagon. $20 and found. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 6-S4
and 636 Clay st.
A.— 2o laborers, city Job, $1 50 and $1 60 day ; 5
teamsters, $1 day and board; 2 milkers, same
dairy, $25 and found; farmer and wife, see
boss here; 3 choreboys, $15 and $I^, for
ranches; 20 railroad teamsters and laborers
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A.— B cooks 9 waiters
4 dishwashers 20 tiemakers
30 woodchoppers vegetable gardener
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A. — Bartender; $35 and found: country hotel.
MURRAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
MEAT and pastry cook, country hotel. Jfift;
head and second cook, country' hotel,
cook, small hotel, near city. $33; boarding-
house cook, city, $35; waiter, summer resort,
pee party here, $2- r >; farmer and wife, $80;
milker. $25; farmer, $20; horseshoer. small
shop, $10 a week and found; foreman for a
hay ranch, $30 and found. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
COLORED head waiter for a summer resort.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
HEAD li»undryman for a country hotel; $65
and found. C. R. lIANHEX & CO., 104 Geary.
MANAGER for a summer resort. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
PASTRY cook "and confectioner (German) for
a country hotel; $70 and found and free fare.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.» 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 2 carpenters for mine, $2 50 day: 3
more woodchoppers for mine, fl 25 and $1 50
cord; miners, J2 50 day; 10 farmers and milk-
ers. $20: paper cutter, *9 week, and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacra-
W ANTED — Cook and wife for country", $45; 2
hotel cooks. T3O and $40; restaurant pastry
cook. $9 week; hotel waiter, country. $20, and
ethers. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S
Sficr;mento st.
WANTED — 4 woodchopppers for mine, $1 50
cord, tools advanced: can washer, $2^ and
found, small place; 5 farmers and milkers,
$20; carpenter for mine. $2 50 a day. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED — Cook, country' hotel, nice place, $40;
cook. $35; German waiter, $30. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
MtI.KKK; ccuntry V 3 and found. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Suiter si.
WAITER, country, $15 per month. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Setter st.
li' 'V ns cashier; quick at figures; gcod ron-
man; state use and salary expected; refer-
c-nees. Address, in own handwriting, box
fall Office.
WANTED — First-cIaFP canvasser for cleaning
and dyeing; must be honest, sober, reliable
and mean business. L. A. PATZER, 231
North El Dorado St.. Stockton.
ATTENDANT for invalid: must have had
some experience and speak German; refer-
ences. Box 2412. Call office.
WANTED— A grood solicitor. Address- I>S
Park t-t.. Aliimeda. Cal.
i your.g man to cut or learn cutting.
RESPECTABLE German boy wanted to at-
tend to plumbing shop. 441 Valencia st.
BAP.BER for Saturday afternoon and Sunday.
urf 1 ,- Folsom st.
STRONG boy to learn pressing on custom
coats; pay while learning. Hi Natoma st.
EXPERIENCED clearer and presser. Hudson
K.vr Dye Works. 40!) Sutter st.
BAKERS' helper; must have experience. 515
Third st.
BUSHELMAN and coat-makers for country.
KEISS BROS & CO., 24 gutter St.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. 8.
F. Barber College. 13SV4 Eighth st.
PANTSMAKER wanted. 230 Bush st.
WANTED — 10 men to occupy clean rooms; t
nights 25c, or 75c week. 105 New Montgomery.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia. Europe. Herman's. 26 Steuart st.
BARBER shop, 2 chairs. 2 baths. Central Cal-
ifornia, for sale, exchange; no Sunday work.
DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis St.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Jieno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
RECRUITS wanted for' the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
Jl and 30 years, who are citizens of tha
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their lr.tention to become such: must
be of good character nnrt habits and able to
speak, read and write English, end be be-
tween Z feet 5 Inches and 6 feet in height. For
further information apply at the recruiting
office, 20 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.
LADIES' shoes, soling, 35c; men's shoes, sol-
ing, 50c; all repairing done at half the usual
price. 562 Mission St., bet. First and Second.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th: tel. South 625.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms. 2."> c a night: reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from tha ferry.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free EmploynVt Office. 3.
FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
4000 PAIR: another lot men's shoes: been,
slightly damaged: at less than one-fourth
their value; from 75c to $2 r.O. 062 Mission.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764'^ Mission:
men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night; 60c. Mo and $1 per week.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night; $1 to $4 w»ek; hot and cold baths.
SINGLE roms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Butter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
too PAIR of men's new and secoml-hand shoes
half -price: half-soling. 3Sc. » Howard st.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
'■ o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrlp-
; tlons and want ads taken.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted in every town for Ladies'
Crown Hat Fastener: something new; no
- competition: sample 25c. The (Town Mftr.
Co.. The Hewes building. 907 Market St., S. F.
WANTED— Secondhand set engineer's tools
and chest: cheap. Address B. R., box 1513,
Call office. ■
MONTGOMERY. 527. cor. Clay— Open until 3:34
o'clock: branch office of The Call; aubscrlp-
tlons and want ads taken. '
FURNITURE W ANTED.
WANTED— of an 8 or 10 room house:
central. J. T. TERRY. 421 California st.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery St.: highest prices paid. Tel 'avis 71.
rooms WASTED.
YOUNG man wants room mate: one who plays
• cornet preferred. Address 221 O'Farrell st.
.'WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS. "
WANTED— Round bottom boat 10 or 12 feet;
.. state price and condition. C. A., box 22, Call.
GOOD lot- in Oakland to exchange for a law
; library and office furniture. Address box 11
Call office, Oakland.- ..
PHOTOGRAPHER with camera for transient
: work. Studio, box . 1490, : Call office.
PAWNBROKER— gold, Silver, cast-oft
i . clothing bought. . Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.BUSINESS CHANCES.
A. — $300; restaurant; 1 block from cor. Fourth
and Market BtH.; average daily receipts $■;.■>;
best class of customers; disagreement between
partners cause of sale. WILKE, 753 Market.-
A. — $600; bakery and confectionery 'in choice
location. Western Addition; doing a . large
store trade; 4 living rooms; rent $50; owner
enlisted as volunteer; a sacrifice. WILKE,
753 Market st. ,--...,
A— sCo0 — CORNER saloon,, opp. factory, present
owner there 10 years, wants to retire; daily
receipts $10; can be Increased. WILKE. 783
Market st.
A— sl4oo— BEST\ paying day saloon In this city,
average daily-receipts $20: rent $50; lease.
Particulars, WILKE, "S3 Market st.
A— S7SO— RESTAURANT and chop house on
Kearny st.. 2 "blocks from Chronicle; a money-
making place; kept by owner years; no 10-
ccnt meals; best customers: best prices; a
genuine bargain. WILKE, 783 Market st.
A—s22oA — $2200 — RAKE chance for * investment; . first-
clasa saloon; close to Chronicle; elegantly
lined up: clearing above S2£.O per month; con-
nected with club and poker rooms; a sacri-
fice: important business calling owner south.
Particulars, WILKE. 753 Market st.
J2OO— CORNER saloon, near factories. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$17."(i — LIVERY stable; stock worth the price
ashed: accident to proprietor cause of sale.
McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$350— COUNTRY store, saloon and dwelling;
hall In second story: large lot; worth $2000;
no opposition; satisfactory reasons for sell-
ing. Mclaughlin & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$2500 — SALOON, country mining town; 2 stores,
2 cottages, 7 lots; half price.; owner compelled
to go East. MCLAUGHLIN, 23 Keary st.
$650 — CORNER saloon and cigar stand sold at
a bargain. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny.
$750— PAYING business: clears $100 per month;
half cost. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny.
SALOON; 11 living-rooms; near Oakland
ferry: doing fine business; rare chance; must
be seen to be appreciated. M. LESS, 765
Market st.
— FINE saloon, a few doors from Market
St., In the heart of the city; well established
paying place. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$600— PARTNER wanted in an Al saloon busi-
ness in the vicinity of the Baldwin Hotel; ex-
cellent trade; money-making place. M. LESS,
700 Market st.
A— POULTRY, game, fruit and vegetable
store in finest market; north of Market st. ;
clearing $100 per, month; trial. M. LESS,
765 Market st. L~_LjJ.
A— KREDO & CO., Successful Brokers, 22&
Geary st. Miscellaneous business chances.
Home restaurant; finest; best paying.
$500— Stationery, books. Call and laundry office
— Photograph gallery; oldest on Coast.
$SOQ— Delicacy; fine corner with living rooms.
Hoo— Home bakery; 3 barrels dally; rooms.
Restaurant and furnished flat; $20 dally.
$150— BEST shooting gallery; cigar stand pays
rent; clears $U\ KRKDO & CO., 22& Geary.
PARTNER in horseshoeing shop; best in
city .-: $400
Partner In a restaurant in mining town.. 600
Restaurant: Market St.; clears $100 mo.. 650
Meat market; receipts $300 week; a snap.. 275
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
THE REYNOLDS CO.
4"3 EXAMINER BUILDING.
SUCCESSFUL BROKERS
OF INSURANCE.
BUSINESSES
AND PARTNERSHIPS NEGOTIATED.
EXTRAORDINARY bargains In lodging-
houses, saloons, groceries, bakeries, candy,
notion and stationery stores. Pacific Ex-
change. 935 Market st.
WANTED— A man to buy coffee and tea route.
including horse, cart and harness; must be
sold to-day tor $75. 1439 Shot well St., cor.
■ :nan; take Folsom-st. car to the exten-
slon, walk up lVx blocks.
FOR Rent— bakery, with complete fixtures
for business, in center of Gilroy; old estab-
lished stand. Apply to MRS. C. A. HOXETT,
Gilroy. Cai. _________________
PARTNER Legitimate business; capi-
tal $1000; young, of business ability; no agents
nor suckers. J. A.', box 15, Call office.
$2000— EXCHANGE, pair new flats, city, 5
rooms each. HOVEY, 8, second floor, Mills
building
MUST be Bold at once; 9 rooms nicely furnish-
ed; a positive bargain.' Pacific Business Ex-
change, 995 Market st.
ORIGINAL sandwich wagon to let: position
corner Fifth and Market. Apply 527 Mission.
SUMMER resort an.] beer garden to sell or
rent. MRS. BOEKELMANN, Lorin, Cal.
WANTED — buy small restaurant or . chop
house. Address L. R., room I. 1148 Suiter.
FOR Sale— Cheap; rrill room; dissolution of
partnership. Inquire 6 Leldesdorfi? St.
COR.NEK grocery and bar, living rooms, for
sale; investigate. 117 Fillmore st. - -
BAKERY for sale cheap. Address Royal Bak-
ery, cor. Main and Delia st 3., Stockton. * ;
FOR SALE — Restaurant; at once; going away;
a snap. 753 Market at., basement.
FOR ALE— Restaurant; to-day: a bargain.
Inquire D. McRAE, 827 Mission st.
CORNER grocery and bar, living rooms, for
sale: investigate. 117 Fillmore st. ".•
CORNER grocery and bar; without
doubt one of the best business corners.
$200— Partner wanted; commission business.
$000 — Saloon; old-established: good corner,
and other bargains in saloons, bakeries and
restaurants. ANDERSON & CO., 777 Market.
$ioo— SALOON and restaurant in first-class
lodging-house, centrally located, to sell imme-
diately on account of sudden severe sickness;
sacrifice. Call 547 Mission st.
DINING-ROOM for sale; good transient trade:
steady boarders; rent taken in board; good
chance for a cook. 227 Geary St.
GOOD cigar stand to let; also a fine chance
for a food lunch cook. Inquire DICK
BRUEGOEM ANN' S saloon. 33 Third St.
OLD stand barber-shop, cigar-stand, laundry
office with 2 living-rooms; rent $12; for sale.
606 Third St., near depot. ■
$400— night restaurant, fine location, . for
Bale. Box 7979, Call Office.
SALOON for sale. Golden Gate aye. and Web-
fater st. '
PARTNER with $300 wanted in well-located
• restaurant. Box 7777, Call Office.
FOR SALE— Restaurant and chophouse; best
location: opposite the ferries. IS East st.
BARBERS— Two-chair shop for sale in coun-
try; account of death; $125. 325 Grant aye. . i
FOR sale — First-class restaurant* -saloon and
family resort on Market st. ; cheap rent; will
be sold at a low figure to a good party. In-
quire at McLEOD & HATJE'S, wholesale
liquor dealers, 515 Market st.
MEXICO. ~
LANDS In tropical Mexico for rail-
Ing . coffee, sugar, tobacco, rubber, vanilla,
etc.; large and small tracts. For further In-
formation apply to Mex. Com. Co., 76 Chroni-
cle building, representing the Int. Land and
CoL Co. of Mexico City, Mexico.
RARE chance for Investment in Oakland;
first-class restaurant for sale, clearing $250
per month; same owners for 8 years; posi-
tively no opposition near; place located on
Junction of best two streets; cheap rent; rea-
eon for selling, owners leaving for Europe.
M. L. WURTS, 17th and Broadway, Oakland.
$3000 — GENERAL merchandise business in
country town 30 miles from S. F. ; stock will
Invoice amount asked; trade will average $33
per day; will sell half-interest If i referred.
BURKE & CO., 917 Market st.
$10. $50, $100 CAN be invested where It will
yield as large a profit as is consistent with
safety; send for our free booklet "How
■ Money Grows." RIGGS & CO., Bourse,
Philadelphia, Pa.
A— — GOOD corner stand express business;
north of Market St.; 2 horses and wagon;
worth double; great bargain. M. LESS. 765
Market St., opp. Phelau building.
$300— CORNER grocery and bar; fine location;
grocery stock alone worth more than price;
doing god business. Inquire room 614, Claus
Spreckels building. . .
' CHANCE to buy an oyster and. chop house;
fine bar trade; established -11 years. Apply
southeast corner Twenty-fourth and Folsom.
Al BUTCHER shop for sale; very cheap; other
business to attend to. Call at once and in-
vestigate. Box 1476, Call office.
GROCERY and bar; horse and wagon;
outside route; sales $16 per day; 4 living
rooms. Inquire at 323 Market st.
' FOR SALE — Call - route at San Jose; for par-
- ticulars apply at Call business office or to E.
F. PIERCE, San Jose. .
HORSERADISH and pickle . stand in well-
known market; retiring' from business: great
bargain. Address L. H., bos 1461, Call Office.
PARTNER Good-paying restaurant
and coffee saloon; Montgomery st. Address
. Box 1455, Call. ' • ■■ -...■■
FOR sale— Home bakery: good paying business;
established years; 6 fine rooms. 1313 Howard.
$150— Restaurant for sale: owner must go East.
Klondike . Restaurant, 238 Fourth st. v,
'. BRANCH bakery for sale. 8358 Howard st.
RARE Chance — Brewery near San Francisco for
sale or to let cheap, with all brewing utensils.
Apply at Call office., . . .;••■'■•• • > ■
CORNER saloon for sale at a .bargain; good
stock. of liquors, cigars. 243 Fourth st.
PARTNER wanted ■In a ' restaurant; " splendid
• opportunity. Box 1538, Call office.
SALOON, for sale cheap; no nlgnt work. 508
Clay st. . . -•■ ; '.-■■■. ■_• ;-;■ ::■'■ ;.-. v. : v.v
TO LET— Restaurant f: or ' chophouse: partly
furnished; rent reasonable. -, Inquire 18 Mason.
• $85— LAUNDRY route, horse, wagon, etc. : must
be sold UO week, A;>ply 2883 Blrteeath Bt, ;-j
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
.Agents; established 1862. . 319 Pine St., city, y
CQTFF.E and tea routes supplied rom GEO:
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento s*.
LODGING K^IiSES FOR SALE.
24 ROOMS on Howard; new ...... $ 650
14 rooms on Eddy. St.; new 250
2Vroom house; worth $1500; price.:...... 475
60-room hotel and bar 3200
46 rooms; sunny corner.. 1500
14 rooms; corner house; new and g00d.... 400
H. C. DECKER -& CO.. 1020 Market St.
A— KREDO & CO.. Successful Brokers, 22%
Geary st. ' : ' ' : r. ■ \ :-.'■.
- 110 rooms; safe investment: clears $250. $4500
40 rooms; sunny corner; transient.. ; 2000
10 rooms; Market; central; all full "00
30 rooms; Kearny; elegant offices 2600 j
25 rooms; best on Post: bargain 1550
12 rooms: Powell; elegant. •••■•- ?0°
6 room flat; Ellis St.; free rent 250
. Hundreds of others at your own price.
ROOMING house, bar room and fixtures for
sale. Inquire HO Howard et.
NO reasonable cash offer refused for 16-room
house, full steady roomers. 136 Sixth st.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
FOR L>awKon City, steamer Northern Light—
Fastc-Ft boat on th° Yukon; far-a first-clars
$Lr.o;L r .0; freight $200 per ton; 150 pounds baggage
free; leaves Seattle June 1. Oillce 36 East Bt.
CARPENTERS, blacksmiths, plumbers and
pood men at general work who are going to
Dawson can on the way up work out $150 of
their fair, via St. Michael: leavo May 1. Ap-
ply The Gold Star Co.. Mills building. S. F.
, . MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS tv« are selling rood upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash. Bargains
In Rood second-hand uprights up r. same easy
payments and some good planes for 13, $4 and
$5 "per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., V
Steinway dealers, corner Uearny and gutter
sts., San .Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest .-.nd 1: rgest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and SO O'Farrell st. .. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy: prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer. .
AN- up to date concert, day and night, all
week, at Twenty-fourth and Mission. East
Oakland. Lorin. and at Hockett Bros." Co.,
"Crown" agents 230 Post St. :
WE have a fine Baby Grand at a bargain:
new pianos are offered at lower prices than
ever. MAUVAIS. 789 Market st.
A BTEINWAT piano for $100: a Cl-ickerlng for
$50; examine list of bargains 'his week. THE
F. W. SPENCER CO., P33 Market st.
SOHMER & CO. Byron Mauzy. Newby, Evans,
Brigirs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 30S. 310. 312 Post st.
$ISS CASH— Fine upright; elegant ease: worth
$400. Call early, room 12, Flood building.
$75— A splendid piano: good tone; $5 down; $3
per month. 223 Sutter st. -
NEW pianos rented, $3 per month. - Scott-
Curtaz Piano Co., 560 Hayes st.
NEW fine $100 upright, slightly damaged; $190.
Room 12, Flood building. •
A STEINWAY, Decker, other pianos, cheap.
HORNUNG'S New Store. 215 McAllister st.
"AD" smallest; price lowest; $2 and up per
month. HEINE. ,138 Ellis st.
A FINE Chase Bros, and a Steinway cheap
for cash. Call early, room 12 Flood building.
FINE large upright; sacrifice. 120 McAllister
Et.. flat No. 1. . ... .
A GOOD upright, very cheap, lfi McAllister
St., next Hibernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos; second-hand
pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KNABE pianos; ■ new scale: :ew styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old .<nd new. H.
■ MT'LLER. "maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the ■" United
BRANCH office of The Call, 108 Eleventh St.—
Want ad? and subscriptions taken.
HORSES.
GOOD heavy work horses, with harness, hay
and lumber wagons; also good buggy and
horse; for sale cheap to close estate. -FLAN-
AGAN, Eighteenth and Folsom sts. ■--
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses: must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards, 220 Valencia st. T. P. NEWELL.. , .
40 . HORr-S • for sale; also ■ wagons, bugglea,
• carts, harness; Grand. Arcade ' Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth? St., auction sa'.es every Wed-
nesday SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
"WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
O'BRIEN & SONS, '■-'.- it
GOLDEN GATE AYE. AND POLK - ST.,
Builders of Vehicles of the Best Grade for
Town or Country.
Newest Designs In Form. Color or Trim.
Best Business Buggies on Earth.
Good Second-hand Broughams, Landaus. Cart
ant! Buggies. Taken in Exchange,
for Sale at Low Prices.
Bargains, new and . second-hand carriages —
Coupe. $50: surrey, $S3: villa*' cart, $40; sulky
cart. 135: top and road buggies, traps, grocery,
milk and two-seat wagons. All styles of carts
and harness at cost for cash.
Bull's Head Repository. l&h and Valencia sts.
SECOND-HAND wagons of all kinds for sale;
cheap. 1013 Harrison st.
SrrcciAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkin. opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments: 1 fine top *.nd open
buggy: also 1 hack. and Harrison st. cheap
sr cash or Installments: 1 fine top s.nd open
uggy; also 1 hack. 82S Harrison st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. poataga
free.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
A WELL trained goat, cart and harness cheap.
113 Eleventh aye., Richmond District.
SCHOONER yacht for sale; cheap; 25-ton. H.
BRAND. 631 Ellis St. -
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, bJlta and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 536 Mission st. •,.
SMITH Premier typewriter; use for one month;
fo: sale cheap. 25518 Market st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; Tel So.. 787.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. M
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, elect
goods: new. 2d hand. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1
Mission St., above sixth. . ■ :
FOR Sale — $5 up; good second-hand sewing
machines; bargains in new machines which
have been returned - for non-payment. A. C.
BROWN, 1360 Market st.
GAS fixtures very low: large " assortment: 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HU
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye. ...
SAFES — New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe. Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. - $10; Records. $5 per do* :
Projectoscope, $100. Bacigalupi. 533-546 Mrk
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving. etc.',
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
, DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; . see new ■ flexible
plates; light and thin; ■ warranted ten years
teeth without plates, crown and bridge worl
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; al
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den
tal Parlors, 34. Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132
NEW YORK dentists; painless extraction
teeth, per set, $5 up: gold filling,' 75c up; sll
ver, 250 up; old plates made over, $1 up; al
work warranted; open evenings and Sundays
969 Mission st., cor. Sixth, and 371 Hayes st
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.; nr.Ulth
no charge for extracting whan plates art
made; old plates -made over like new; teetl
from $8 per get; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless , « extraction ant
- patentee of- improved bridge • work ■■ or - teet!
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
- of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 25c .up; :aH;.worl
painless and guaranteed :to stand; open even
C Ings. 997 Market , st., ; corner , Sixth. ;•■:'- .'.. V-
OHIO Dental Parlors, 319 Market, Academy o)
■ Sciences : bldg., ,sth floor; painless dentistry. -
L. A. TEAGUE, A. CANE and F. TEAGUE,
removed ■■ to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. '. DR. •J.
- W. KEY. - 1320 Market st. ,'
SET .-: of » teeth without \ a plate. '. DR. H. C
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st „> ' > " •' f -:.'-■..;-. : ~.:
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch r office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken. 1 . .-. :.
ATTORNEYS AT: L..W.
ADVICE " free '< on '- all '• legal • matters. • ; T. F.
• ; STACK,'-. 14 v McAllister: st. .. - . -. ■ ■. ; ' -,■- > :
ADVICE free; no charge unless ■■ successful.
.W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market »U :; ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 6, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN ■ ■•■
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN _
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
ELEGANT 8-room houses: Sixth aye., bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake; prices will surprise you.
MARCUSE & REMMEL. 62S Market st.
FIFTH, 441, near Bryant— Nice sunny dwelling,
7 large rooms; large yard; $20.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
THE REYNOLDS CO.
HOUSES RENTED, RENTS COLLECTED.
7-roem cottage, nicely furnished $27 00
6-room house, now, near in $45 00
11-room house, linely furnished, good lo-
cation $60 00
8-room house, well furnished, flne loca-
tion $75 00
10-room house, elegantly furnished, flne .
location $75 00
7-room flat, well furnished, good loca-
tion $42 50
6-room Hat, well furnished, good loca-
tion $35 00
9-rocrn flat, well furnished, good loca-
tion $75 00
403—4 Examiner building.
ASHP.URY, 216— Sunny, nicely furnished house,
8 rooms; bath; piano.
BIRCH aye., 5. off Larkin St.. near Grove—
Foljr roonv and bath; nicely furnished.
ELEGANTLY furnished sunny cottage; 6 rooms
and bath; 1111 Scott St.: rent reduced: can be
seen from 10 to 12; furniture for sale. Box
1579, Calh
FURNISHED cottage, four rooms; bath; yard;
3524 Nineteenth st. Inquire UMBSEN _
CO. ; rent $15.
FURNISHED modern house, 9 rooms, near
park: rent $60. Box 1532. Call office.
NICELY furnished house 9 rooms and bath:
all modern conveniences; large sunny yard;
ehpap to good tenant; references required. 717
Grove st.
| TAYIjOR, 810— Completely furnished sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. 1:30 and
k 4p. m.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARMY, 362SA — Sunny cottage 6 rooms, base-
ment; rent $S; rear cottage.
SUNNY cottages of 4 fend 5 rooms, bath, fcase-
ment. yard, cheap. 1876 15th St.. near Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
A SNAP— Lower flat 2160 Fifteenth St., near
Noe; modern 5 rooms, bath and basement:
sunny side; rent $16.
A — We want at once 200 tenants; we will make
special inducements: 10 to 30 days free rent;
fiats from $7 to $30; all our flats are reduced;
get list. SPECK & CO., 602 Market St.
BUSH, 32U*4— Flat of 3 rooms; s--a; rent $13;
v-ater free. Apply 1211 Bush st.
CHEAPEST flats in the city; 6 and 7 rooms
and bath; rent $18 and $20: Capp Ft., bet. 22d
and 23d. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
CHENERY, 92, near Thirtieth— Nice flats; 5
room's and bath, $12; 4 rooms and bath, $10.
DORE, 318— Sunny flat of 4 rooms; furniture for
sale or to rent; rent $S. Bet. Bryant and
Brannan.
EIGHTH, 310 M: —3 rooms, nice order; $9.
ELEGANT new flats, nearly ready; fine loca-
tion; light and sunny: beautiful view.
Buchanan St., bet. Oak and Pige.
FLAT, sunny 6 rooms, $14; also cottage, sunny
4 rooms, $10. Key 623 2d St., near Townsend.
GEARY. 22C3— New flats, 4 and 5 rooms; bath;.
$15 and $18.
i HOWARD. 533— Sunny flat of 5 rooms; rent re-
duced; $14.
MOSS, 305— Large rooms; bath; key at grocery,
Howard and Moss sts.. near Seventh.
N ATOM A, 714— Flat of 4 rooms; large yard;
cellar; sun ail day: $10.
j NICELY furnished flat; 5 rooms and bath. Ap-
j ply 111 Liberty st.
' NINETEENTH, 3554. corner Noe— Lovely sunny
lower modern 4-room flat; $14: water free.
i POND. 47, off Sixteenth, half a block fmm
Market: upper modern sunny 5-room flat;
$15; water free.
BUNNY fiat 4 rooma and bath; $10. Inquire JJ32
i Castro st.
SULLIVAN, 221. near Stanyan— B rooms and
bath; water free; rent $14.
' THIRTEENTH, 531— Sunny flat; rent cheap;
6 rooms; bath; car Market; apply premises.
! $9 — FLAT of 4 sunny rooms, for a small
family. 1025 Minna St., bet. 11th and 12th.
! $11— NICE sunny flat. 28 Cedar aye., near Lar-
j kin st.
i $20 — 2 NEW, modern sunny flats. 5 choice
rooms; porcelain baths, etc. 1706 Hyde St.
! A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
WANTED to buy or rent a sliver plating
plant: also good plates. Address G. 8.
! MONTGOMERY, t_ McAllister st.
AT 52 Second St.. nice clean light housekeeping,
single and double rooms, $1 week up.
AT '.22 Polk— Sunny suite; unfurnished rooms,
with kitchen; first floor; reasonable.
j BURCH aye., 6iri. between Laguna and Bu-
I chanan sts.— 2 rooms and kitchen. $6 month.
j EDUY, 305— Large front room for housekeeping;
reasonable; yrivr.te family.
EDDY, Sl7— Very pleasant, nicely furnished
houpnkpg rooms; gas range; splendid location.
FIFTH, 14914— Nice sunny front rooms and
kitchens furnished for housekeeping; $10.
FIFTH, 314 — I^arge sunny front bedroom and
kitchen; closet, running water; bath; private,
' m.
FIFTH, 322— Suite of rooms furnished for
housekeeping; rent cheap. ;
FOLSOM, ESS— Large puny furnished room;
light housekeeping; $1 50 weekly.
FULTON, 41— Comfortably furnished front
room and kitchen; $12 month; private family.
GROVE, 202, cor. Van Ness aye. — Must be
seen to be appreciated: those unfurnished 3-
room suites, with gas stove.
GROVE, 508— Furnished front room; private
family; no children; rent reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE. 622— Three sunny bay-window
rooms; complete for housekpg; parlor floor.
HOWARD, 530— Housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, 8198 (The Hanover) Sunny house-
keeping suites; from $8 to $10 per month.
HOWARD, 722— Two large rooms furnished,
housekeeping, $10; single rooms, $1 per week.
HYDE, 511— Nice sunny front room, furnished
for housekeeping; running water; yard: $10.
| LARKIN, 822— Newly furnished housekeeping
room, with gas Btove; also single room.
I MINNA, 419— Front parlor and kitchen fur-
nished for housekeeping; first floor.
MISSION, 523V4— Completely furnished, clean,
sunny front housekeeping rooms; gas; bath.
MISSION, 1063— Sunny connecting front suite,
2 or 3 rooms, complete housekpg; gas; water.
SIXTH, 132— Sunny suite; nice furniture; run-
ning water, gas; housekpg privileges; $12 mo.
BUNNY front double room; also housekeep-
ing; S5 and $7 per month. :A r J l / 2 Minna st.
SUTTER, 2620— Sunny unfurnished parlors;
kitchen, laundry, use of bath; yard.
TENTH. 13fi. cornerMinna— Sunnv housekeeping
rooms; range, running water ;also single; rea-
sonable.
THIRD, 309— Furnished rooms complete for
housekeeping, from V to $10 a suite; single $5.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3725— 3 sunny bay-window
rooms for housekeeping.
TWELFTH, 12, near Market— 3 unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; rent $7.
TURK, 530— Furnished rooms f i r housekeeping.
i TURK, 543— Nicely furnished rooms for house-
keeping; gas and bath; rent $14 and $16.
VAN NESS". 518—2 sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping, $14.
VAN NESS aye., 1021— Sunny front suite, 3
roomß and kitchen; gas range; piano.
WILLOW aye., 30. off Larkin, nr. Eddy— l or 2
sunuy furnished front housekeeping rooms;
coal or gas stove; bath; reasonable.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
HARRISON, 860—3 well furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms, ground floor, with yard.
TO Let — 3 furnished rooms for housekeeping;
nice neighborhood. Apply 1420 Castro st.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS: quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. Trunkt I
moved to any part of city, 15c; phone. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single: first-da**
in every respect: terms reasonable.
AT 242 Stockton, sunny rooms, pretty view,
quiet house; baths, gas; very reasonable.
AT Hyde. 609; Butter, 715-717-719— Furnished and
unfurnished; choice and sunny; reasonable.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post-New elegantly furnished
rms. ; gentlemen, families; elevator, transient.
BUSH, 826— Large sunny front room furnished;
also small rooms.
CALIFORNIA, 2407, In the coal yard-6 fur-
- nished rooma and a unrurnlsiied. \f
ROOMS TO. LET— Continued.
DELAWARE, 1151 V Market— Furnished single
' and double rooms. $8 and $10 mo.: nice suites.
EDDY, ' 113 — Neat sunny single " room for " gen-
, tleman; $5 60. r~-< ■'■•*'■?"■' "■-'- .*'■'■ ■'.'-' ■.-'':.:"''.■■■ : :
EDDY ' 112 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night,
v 60c to $1; week. $2 to $6; families.
EDDY, 604— Single or en suite; sunny ■ bay-win-
dow rooms ; bath, gas, piano ; kitchen optional.
EDDY, 614— Large handsomely furnished room;
; closets, running water, bath; also small room,
$6 to $10. ~" ■''■:': ■■'■•.'■-■x'" ■' - ! . ::•
EDDY, 7GI— Large sunny front room, $3. .
ELLIS,' 418 (Grand Carnct)— First-class . sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $8 week.
ELLIS, 639, corner Larkln— Sunny front. room;
- mantel; folding bed; gentlemen preferred. .
FIFTH, 107 — Pleasant sunny unfurnished
. rooms to let. ■..■■'" .
FULTON. 3, opp- City Hall— Nice sunny
rooms; $8 mo. up; bath and fas. ..
GEARY, 656, formerly 518— Large sunny front
rooms; suites and single; also light housekpg.
GLOBE House. 821 Howard— Per night. 2. r >c to
$1; week, $1 to M; reading-room Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE, Connecting suite, .2
closets, running water; also single rooms;
housekeeping. . , . . .
GOLDEN GATE, 523— Newly furnished single
and double rooms; private family; reasonable.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 'SI Mission; (select family
rooming house; $1 50. to $6 per week.
HAVES S79— Large front room, furnished or
unfurnished; store: lower flat.
HOWARD. 715. ST. DAVID'S — 200 rooms:
■ BUiteE; single; sunny reading room; 25c up.
LARKIN. 631— Pleasant front room; gas and
: bath; very reasonable.
LARKIN, Sunny rooms, private family,
$4 per month upward: v  t ..;
MASON, 18 (Silver State)— Elegantly furnished
•, rooms, single by the week, $1 $ to $3; suites,
. $4 to $6; baths; hot water; transient;- elevator.
MCALLISTER, Ell— Nicely furnished sunny
back parlor, suitable for 2; $7 per month.
O'FARRELL. New management, new fur-
' niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
• ; single rooms: bath and gas: rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 126— Sunny furnished single and
double room; private family; bath.
O'FARRELL, 210 A —Runny bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms. $8 and $10.
O'FARRELL, 327— Handsomely furnished front
room: also single rooms, $5 month up.
O'FAHRELL. 770— Handsome sunny suite of
parlors; running water; grate; bath; gas;
private family. t '"■-".' •
POST 622— Sunny suite or single rooms: first-
class in every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
POWELL, 147, and 211 O'Farrell— Nice fur-
nished rooms by day, week or month.
SEVENTH. 160— One large unfurnished front
room, with ens: rent $10. :
SEVENTH, 5C3 — 4 unfurnished sunny rooms;
$10. - ■•-■ . -. / v -,-•.:.' ■ ■'
SHERMAN Apartment House. .28 Elehth St..
.near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
SOUTH NINTH. 319. . ■■- San Jose— Furnished
rooms with or without board; sick ladles or
invalids given best care; good references
given. Call or address MRS. GELATTE.
TENTH. 123, near Market— large sunny bay-
i ; WindOW rooms; housekeeping if '. desired.
TAYLOR, 109—. -"Tie rooms $1 and $1 50 week;
large sunny room $2 . week.
UPPER part. 3 sunny rooms, unfurnished; use
of basement and yard; also house of 7 rooms
and basement. 397 Fell st. ....
ROOMS AND. BOARD.
ELEGANT sunny rooms; new house; new fur-
niture: also first-class meals; healthiest part
.of San Francisco. The Sirius. 1505 Stockton.
FULTON. 533 (The Mizpah)— A quiet family
' hotel; modern sunny rooms, single and en
■;. suite; exceptional table; terms reasonable.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to, ss per week: nice location.
HYDE, 1105 (The Victoria)— Elegant rooms;
good board; nice location; new management.
HYDE, 40S— Double and single rooms; first-
■ class board: Spanish: $36 a month up.
HYDE. 925— Sunny -rooms; good board: pretty
. grounds; select location. Mrs. Brotherton.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Good, table $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week. (
SUTTER. Sunny suite: single rooms: first-
class board; large grounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
THE Longwnrth, " 532 : Geary— Remodeled; ele-
gantly furnished; good board; choice location.
VAN NESS : ave..-BCJ~Beautlrul* sunny rooms;
.»: modern; newly, furnished; with board." -..
ELEVENTH. Branch office of The Call.
'■ Subscriptions and ads taken. ■ • • • - .
CHILDREN BOARDED.
LADY would like a child to board; a mother's
care. ..12S& Ninth st. : .. .. , :
CHILD to board; best of care; terms $10; refer-
ences. 1 1034 McAllister St.
"WIDOW would like 2 children to board; near
school. 51 Clara st. '
WANTED, by a German widow, a child to !
board; healthy locality and best of care. Ad-
dress box 1728. Call Office. ,„;,
AN elderly lady will take Infants to board; a
, mother's car»: references. 23»U 55lxth HI. ■
■-■-;;'. '"^ ■' STORES TO LET.
FINE . corner store, formerly occupied by a
. drag , store. ' 2904 Twenty-fourth st. :, ... -■• ■■:'.
FINE corner grocery 'to let, with . ; fixtures;
northwest corner • Post and Lyon sts.; rent
cheap. Apply 340 Kearny st. .
: MEDICAL.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles. ■
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid;, sure relief,
• though - else fail; delicacy, privacy, • home,
etc. ;. babies adopted; travelers treated; no.
delay; self-cure sent; call or write: free; con-
fidential. DR. : AND MRS. M. BAVIES. 5i
McAllister st.; pills. $2. ,v
ALL of Dr. Foulefs capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all ; female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects- taken In time It also acts as a pre- j
ventive; price $1 50 i per box, sent • free by
mail on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER 8R03.. 33
, Grant aye.. S. . F. .■ A Caution— . pur- ;
chasing elsewhere write us. R ■
A TREATMENT : that restores all cases of j
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few. hours; .safe, and sure at all times
when others have failed: no Instruments used; j
- home in confinement: pills and capsules; $1: !
every case guaranteed: consultation free and
confidential: hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. MRS.
DR. WYETH. 208. Turk St., t near Jones.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all femal»
diseases; . a home In confinement. . with best
■possible care: with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
.'. aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will v find In her a true. friend. MR3.
'DR. OWYER, 226 Turk St. ■ , :
SURE cure. . when others fall; no medicine or
' Instruments: every woman her own physi-
c ian for -female troubles, no matter what
cause: restore in 1 day: never fails; consulta-
tion free; can be sent and used at home. DR.
POPPER. 318 Kearny; orders by telegram. .
SUFFERERS from skin diseases who may con-
sider their cases incurable are invited to send
address to ; undersigned at once; - free treat-
ment; board." lodging," baths, etc., If selected.
Address by 1687. Call Office.
LADIES. ChlcheKter's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable: 1 take
no other; send 4c stamps ; for - particulars.
"Relief for Ladies," . letter by return mall; at
druggists . Chichester Chemical Co., ; Phlla.
A TREATMENT " that restores ; instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no instruments used; ; euro at
office. $5; ; : consultation ■ frfo: hours 10 to 5.
: & 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Segoro ; price
$1 80. ■: RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay ! St. : send
Xc stamp : for ■ particulars • to • Beguro ■ Manu-
facturing Co.; 631; X ; St., ' Sacramento. ' Cal. , :
ALPEAU*S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe 'cure;. $2 50;
I express C. O. D. ; don't delay | until too i late.
OSOOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
ELECTRICAL ' treatments; . cures > all : monthly
I irregularities; no medicine; no pain: lady, at-
i tendant; ; hours j 9-4. S- 7-8. ;■ 2208^4 Mission ■■ st. '■
DRS. > DONOVAN. 1306 Folsom st., takes ladies
B at her home In their confinement; terms mod-
J | crate ; and everything | strictly confidential." v>>
DR.~ HALL, 59 McAllister Et. ; diseases of wo-
& men and children. *;/ ..'..' :. - ±. -.- _.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puets: infallible, safe rem-
.: edies; ;38 years' , experience. i 254H Fourth st.
HOME In ■ confinement: > diseases of women.
; ; MRS. PR. ; FUNKE, .1416 Bth St.. , A lameda. . ;
ELEVENTH, 1 ' 106— Branch j office "of ' Th» • CalL :
Subscriptions and want ads , taken. "■;'..*■ ~'t :t- -,'•■
CHEAPEST and best In America— The /Weekly
- Call. ' - Bent <to * any / address jin *> the a United "■
' t Ptatcs" or Canada one year fnr <1 f.n.." postage
SEWING; MACHINES. : ; :
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, i bought. 7 sold;
i machine supplies. 145 Sixth st.;, phone 'Mint 45.,
ALL V kinds " bought, v sold, exchanged.'-' rented;
it, repairing; lowest rates. .205 Fourth st. j,: «.,,:'?.;?
«_ LARKlN— Braach: office of '< the Caii. Sub- *
scriptions and want ; ads ■ tekjjj. ■ -;- • ■ i
>■ •. -..- ■■ - ■ ■ . . ' ' '- . ■ _ .'
!. PERSONALS.
WILL pay liberal commission for position va-
V; cated by party ; leaving with army. . F. T.
SMITH, 1539 Fountain. St., ; Alameda. .
MARY E. COLLIER, who lived in San Fran-
cisco In 1864-66, or her next of kin. will re-
ceive valuable Information on communicating
with OSCAR T. SHUCK; attorney. for absent
heirs, ' 50VKearny St.. ■ San ; Francisco. ; •-.'.
HOUSES underpinned r with ■, brick ; or X wood:
carpenter work of all kinds; get my esti-
> mates. Call or address B. K. ALBERTSON,
; 1353 Howard , st.v ;., ...'■■ : 1. • ;.
V BUSINESS rERSONALS. .
I WAS the first hairdresser In San Francisco
to ■ charge only 25c for hairdressins; good
switches, -$1; best, finest quality, $3 50; extra
heavy, long. $o. Open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER. 111 Stockton st. ■--:■ )::
USE Qulnonia Hair Tonic; 'twill save it. G.
LEDERER.- 11l Stockton st. •-■■.- ■■-■-■--
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third : St.. nr. Market: 200 rooms.
•, 25c to $150 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
■ free bus and baggage to and from the. ferry. ■■
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansoma St. :'
SUITS to _ order on easy ■ Installments. L.
■ LEMOS., 1117, Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the Unit»d
States or Canada one year for $1 60. posters
free. ■■■ - __________ '
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIrgant. stylish dresses.
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St., rm. 86.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
.CLAIRVOYANTS.:
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden m-stery in life; she
: will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove ■ family --oubles, restore lost affec-
tions: unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or burled perty; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life- past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. :. perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 1206 Mar -et St.. opposite Sixth. _
! MME. HANSON arrived: palmist; card-reader;
past,- present. and future; 25c. MS Sixth. St..
room 10. • '
ARRIVED— Prof. Blshcp. walking indium:
tells your life from cradle to grave. 27"- 4th.
TOUR future told by cards; ladies, 10c;- gents,
25c. 221 Sixth st. ■ . -: •
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to all
questions ;LV, 2Cc; G., 50c; no sign. 3 7th st. .;
i MME. LENEMAR— told by planets: ;
[ predicted "74" overdue str. 23^ Sixth, rm. 6.
| MME. LE NORMANDE. reliable clairvoyant,
[ . card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth.
MMB. MOREAU, best medium and card-
y. reader: Isc up: German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MMF) SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; bustne**
I advice; names given: 25c up. ■ 6 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in ncr pro-
fession: never falls: advice; help. 929 Post.
MARKET. 4— Branch offic* of The Call: want
ado and subscriptions taken. .... ... -
spiritualism; ;
MrT^J."^BERGEROT, prof, of chiromancy, will
translate what Providence has printed in your
hands, tell the vocation of your children and
the' secret of producing: your choice of sex.
Hours 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. 611 Stockton. $1 and up.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet se-
ance. B, p. m., 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
____^____— ■ —
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S test circle to-night;
tests 'to all 25c. 115 Franklin st. . . ... -.
MRS SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
•plritual sittings. 120 McAllister, hours 10-4.
I MRS. SHAFFER, test and business, medium;
sittings dally. 123^ Sixth ,st., room 2.
I MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st. : read-
| ings SI: cir. Tues.. Frl.. 2 p. m.: Sat.. 8: 250.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
r? Stockton st.: old. No. 218. * ■-."...
! M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dium. 11* Halght st.
HYPNOTISM
CAL. Institute, 4O2'i Geary; hypnotism taught;
diplomas Issued; diseases and habits cured.
> "educational.
: HEALD'S Business t; College, 24 Post. Book-
I  keeping, ' business j practice, I shorthand, typ-
' ing, telegraphy, languages. English branch-
I es; electrical, • civil, and mining engineering;
surveying, . assaying, '. etc.: : 20 teachers; : 1100
graduates placed since 1892; catalogue. ■. : j .
I AYRES' Business College, ,: 723 Market .: St.: ■
Individual instruction in shorthand, : typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy," etc. ;■:, life scholar-
ship. $50: low rate* per week and month.
! UNIVERSITY coach— Newel Perry, Ph. 8., Fel-
low in Mathematics, U. C. 2407 S. Atherton.
nr. Channins way. Berkeley; write forclrculr.
I ENGINEERING School: 'civil, ' electrical. " min-
ing, mpch. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve.;
I est. 1864. VAN- PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ENGLISH, I^atin, mathematics,' literature, a
specialty: hours I a. m. to 12 m., and even-
Ings. MISS ROULSTON, : 776 O'Farrell st. -
BOOKKEEPING and: rapid calculations; a
course In t Tarr*s counting-room makes you
thorough.  Room .172. 855 Market st..;:_
SHORTHAND; to write 100 words a minute;
taught in one month; terms $10. 718 Van Ness.
! VOICE culture, piano. Paris graduate: French, j
Spanish: new classes: $2 mo.;. 109 : Taylor st. j
THE Lyceum (accredited) prepares for the uni-
yersity, law and medical colleges. Phelan bdi;.
I MONTGOMERY. 527. cor. Clay— until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. - Subscrip-
r tions and want (ids taken. .* . ">:*■
LOST. :
I REWARD— with money, about 2:30 ,p.
■ m May 3, Station X., Palace Hotel, or
Market st. Apply Call office. ... :.
! LOST— On Monday night, near Fourth * and
Mission white cat with red spots; reward
$2 50. 737 Howard St., room 19. . :;
CALIFORNIA Theater or street, Saturday
i night, Pearl and Gold Opera Glasses ' en-
I ■ graved Lizzie; $5 reward. 955 Market st. ■
I LOST — A pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco," In the
name r of JOHN . CALLAGHAN. No. 162.550.
'.Finder will ; please return to bank. — '
PARROT:' $.>. > reward; -prosecuted If kept. Re-
turn to. 306 Chattanooga st.
| LOST— March 2. yellow mastiff. Return or
send Information , to schooner John D. Tal-
lant. . Spear-st." wharf, and receive reward; ■ . L
i ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want «d« taken.
~~~- - CARPET CLEANING. '
CITY ; Steam Carpet- eanlng ' Work*; ' cleans,
T-ives, lays carpet- C- H. STEVENS, Mgr..
■ 38 and 40 Eighth st. telephone South 250. -'.-
I WHEN you. become disgusted • Ith poor work
•end to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
.'.". -ztlng Works. 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned, renoi ited like new. J.
-. McQUEEN, 453 Stevenson St.; tel. S. 228.
CARPETS cleaned' at 3c per yard: relaid at 3c.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth »t.; tel. Jessie 944.
! GREAT ■'■■■■- Eastern *. -am Carpet - ! Cleaning
Works, 14 Bth st. , B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201.
J. B. MITCHELL Cr -'jet-Cleaning Co., 2.) 14th
■. st.: cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74. ■ . j
I J. WATTS, reliable ■ carpet-cleaning, "--■> renovat-
. ing, alteration wks, 413 McAllister: Jessie 321.
I ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning - Co., 402 > Butter;
; tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor. !
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, . 333 Golden
Gate aye. : tel. East 126. - . k
■■■ •'■■■■ y, ■ proposals., .' ". ■'::',-'.:
PROPOSALS for military . supplies— 36 * New
Montgomery St., ; San Francisco,- Cal., May 6,
1898/ - Sealed • proposals, -in ■ triplicate,- will -be
received here until 1 11 o'clock a. m.. May 17,
1898,"- and then opened,; -for -..furnishing.. this
depot for supply of ; Stationery. AsH : Barrels,
Stove Furniture, Carpet, Office Chairs, Clocks,";
Buzzacott Ovens, Pack-saddle- Blankets, Sad-
dlery. f Hardware, Packing Boxes.v Pipe Fit-
tings, ; Lamp " Chimneys," ; Axle ' Grease, Oils,
■ Leather, ■ Horse . and • Mule Shoes . and * Nails,'
' Rope, Soap, Zinc and other miscellaneous stores.
-'■- Preference '.will be , given :- to ;• articles <of ; do-
mestic : production - and '= manufacture, • condi-
. tions ■■ of t price and : quality being i equal a (in-
cluding in the price of ■ foreign? productions
and; manufactures the , duty - thereon), and
such preference given to articles of American
production and manufacture . produced on | the
- Pacific ; Coast to the extent : of ; the : consump-
tion required by the public service * there.
The United . States reserves the 1 right tto ; ac-
copt or! reject any or : all proposals \or any
-part thereof. - Proposals '-■ for v. delivery iat
" other points will be entertained. ■ * Delivery to
commence before July Ist next. i- Information
furnished, on '■ application.' Envelopes : will ; be
endorsed "Proposals for Supplies, No. 1177,"
and ' addressed OSCAR F. LONG. "Assistant
•' Quartermaster, U. S. Army, -In charge ;of
■■"■'Pepnt.-''* > t --wv. ---:■--•-■■■■ ■■-■■■-'■ ■■■ -" ■ '■- '.i-rii'-i.-;:.'-'
7 FURNITURE FOR SALE.
GOOD furniture of 6 rooms" for sale at a bar-
gain. Address ; box 1513, Call office. •
~~ , .- ■ ■.-' v PHYSICIANS. ';..:;;, ■;, /'s-^.^'
DiC~crcr77D6..NEIJU oflice | and residence, .
i UM Market ;j|«se*s<;» at wenata ft «iie<il*Uj>
. CITY REAL ESTATE.
$4500. REDUCED FROM $6000. \
-Two lots on south side of Sixteenth St., b<
tween Sanchez and Market: 50x103:6. -'
■ Must be sold at once by order of client, ha\
Ing special reasons tor selling. ::
Apply to A. RUEF, Attorney-at-Law,
■ 402 Montgomery ; st
PROPERTY— 45 feet 10 inches on Mission b:
. 117^ feet on Spear st. Inquire 516 Clay, st.
FREE— Our 60-page catalogue, with • city map
.' Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE. "
SMALL California homes for sale by FRAN I-
/ M. WILLS. Antioch, Contra Costa County. '
A— so-PAGE catalogue of city and country In
vestments free. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market
WRITE for list; good land. $10 and (20 an arr>
| M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. . Shasta Co.. Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.. 1
■ LARKSPUR real estate.
in larkspur.
Villa lots and acreage: easy terms: 4s mlnut*>
from the city: cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market «t. ■ '
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly ■
Call. In wrapper, for mailing. . '
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSES TO LET '"" IN OAKLAND. ~~
Corner cottage. 5 rooms in
Lower sunny flat, 5 rooms l!
Upper modern flat. 6 rooms.. 14
2-story neat 6-room h0u5e........... 18
.' Choice sunny 8-room h0u5e....... 22
• 10- room residence, fine."..... •••• 50
. , These and many more. both larger and
smaller. WM. M.DEWOLF. 1058 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
HANDSOME residence. 5 room?, bath; barn;
large, yard: lawn and tennis court: for rent
. cheap; centrally located;' 559 Twenty-fourth
■ St.. near Grove. Apply to owner, R.
FRANKE, Oakland Pickle Factory, 1622
Grove st. ...
' OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
ELEGANT sunny suite; hot and cold water;
vacant May Ist. THE LORNE. 562 Eighth st.
FIFTEENTH, 726— Pleasant sunny front rooms.
with board: private: large yard. .
OAKLAND . FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and. household goods this week.
- SCHELLHA AS* old store. 408 Eleventh st; .,
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
1750— 60x270; modern cottage I rooms, near
•choolhouse. . -. . . ...
$1200— Sacrifice; corner lot 35x140; good hooaa of
8 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
- $1600— Lot 50x150: fine cottage of I room* and
i bath: near Chestnut station."
12850— 5150 cash; $25 per month: lot 40x160; only
i I blocks from station and hlgn school.
$3750— N v house of 7 rooms and bath: lot
42x150: choice location: very easy terms.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MORE A L & CO.. 1432 Park nt.
ALAMEDA L....._
FURNISHED rooms' In private family. " 2154
Pacific aye.. Alameda.
BERKELEY real ESTATE.
$12."0— A VERY great bargain: house and lot:
Improvements ; cost $1100; • easy terms. JOS.
J. MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley station. .
$350 EACH— S lots fronting on Grove st. : street
work all done; cars pass the door: an unheard
of bargain. JOS. .". MASON, Real Estate,
Berkeley station. " .-•.-"
NEW house of 8 rooms In Berkeley; cheap. In-
- quire 25S Fourth, corner Folsom. J
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
TO exchange or for sale — Oakland restaurants
and ranch at Walnut Creek; also city flats for
large piece cf San Francisco property. Apply
111. Liberty st. •- '' . •■ "* ■-•■'- " ■'--:' ■ ' ,
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— To rent small • ranch suitable - for
raising poultry. Address box 1529. Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak--
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no . delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth:
, tel. South 14. ': ■ , ■ .;■■
ANY amount at 6*4 per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate, furniture; without removal. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
$5 " UP to ' any " amount on  indorsed paper,
. pianos, furniture or Jewelry; .' all business
strictly confidential: private offices. . M. E.
DOUGAN & CO.. 230 Keamy St.. upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
, Store. 948 Market St.; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos; city : or Oakland; no re-
. moval: low rates: no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 328 Montgomery.
QUICK on furniture, pianos; no removal; Ino
commis. ; ' low • Interest. - . Rm. 68, 1170 Market.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
.bate, etc. Room 7. 508 California st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. :
any. proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery . St.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist an* 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. j MURPHY. 62S Market st.
ON pianos, furniture:..' no > removal: lowest
rates: no; com.: private. 116 McAllister st. ;
ELEVENTH. ' 106— Branch ; office of The Call.'
1 Subscriptions: and ads taken. • ■ '■•
V ■'■ . financial; • ." ■ ' ■-.•;■ j
. LOANS en real estate,^ bonds, etc: lowest
" : rates. " McAFEE BROS.'." 108 . Montgomery «t. i
PAWNBROKERS. ■ ;
B WISE and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office. 22 Mason st. bet. Market and Eddy.
STORAGE. .
FOR~lowest rates go to LOUIS J. NEUMAN,
, 121 Sixth st., oi>en evenings. - ; ;
TRUNKS, 2:c a mo.; other goods tt low rates.
Signal Transfer Co., 530 Jones; tel. Sutter 441.
AT low Furniture, ' carpets, pianos,
"household goods; < clean. light compartments;
■ advances made. .J. :. NOON AN. .' 1017 to 1023
Mission st.. 'at ye Sixth : open ; evenings. :
"AT. lowest — Household goods, pianos; ad-
«■; vances made: fireproof building. F. W.
2EHFUSS. 840 Mission St. Tel. Mlnt;1821.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage & Moving Co.:
-office. Tenth and Market: telephone South 166.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters "sold and ■ i anted; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
. prices. ALEXANDER 4: CO.. V.O Montgomery
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, May 3.— Porter i Bros, sold to-
day at or>en auction the first: car. of cherries
of the season., realizing for Chapmans, $153
to $2 60 ■ per.; box : : Tartarian*, "l SOc : to $1 75 ; Ad-
vance, $1 to $1 60; Belle d' Orleans. 75c to $1 55;
Purple Guignes, SOc to $2*05; Rockports, SOc to
$1 20. and ; Mowbrays, ■.■ 75c '. to $1. ." This car . ar-
rived > in V good condition," but .cherries ' wer*
small. -•*"". '""■-'■;- <."' ' '• - ' : '-* •* ' ' --" ••'.-■~':*
"iffiTHS-MARRMES-DEATHS,
■ ' Birth," .marriage and • death ' notices sent -by
: mall will net " be- Inserted. ' They must be
handed In at either of the publication offices
and , bo . indorsed . with the name ; and i residence
,of persons authorized : to * have . the ' some pub-
lished.
BORN.
AUBERT— < this ; city. • April 25, -IS9S, to the
T. -.wife of L. J. Aubert, a son. - -.
CORMACK— Near .'• Shandon, • March , 21, -. 1898, to
..the. wife of A. B. Cormack, a daughter.
LASS— In Santa Clara, 5 April "26, IS'JB, to the.
wife of F. N. Lass,: a daughter. " «'• ■
MARTIN— In ' this . city, April 27, • 1898, to : the
".. wife of R. A. Martin, a ; son. ;*■' .■■ i i i
PATTERSON— In San Jose, May 1, 1898, to the
>, wife of . H. ■G. ; Patterson, : a son. ;\ . :;; ,:.• >•_ . . : .
RAMUS— '-- Forest V House road, south of
Yreka, April : 2S, IS9B, to the-^ife," of W. M.
: Ramus.'a son."; "">■■*- ' ■■ ": ': :
WETMORE— In Etna,-, April * 27, . IS9B, to the
, wife of Fred Wetmore, a son. ■
WlLMOT— Blanco.. May 1, 1898, to the wife
"; of J. Wilmot, a son. ;- =;v : :. ■■: v
MARRIED.
JDIVBWEg-JBOSCaBJ^-Ift tbi» city, ''Jfo&< <L
IS9B, "by the Rev. J. • H. Schroeder, Hermann
' Drewes and Catharina Boschen. . . '
ELL— MARSHALL— In Yreka. May 1, 1898. by
 the-Rev.Brevard D. Sinclair, Richard Fell
and "Agnes Marshall., ' V ,
• lICHEL— AMMACHER— In this city. May 8,
1898, by the Rev. J. H. Theiss, Rudolph
. Michel and Margaretha. Ammacher.
VBRIEN— SHEEHAN— In this city, May 4. •■
• 1898. by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, Thomas
O'Brien and Gertrude A. Sheehan, both of
" San Francisco. r • . *
DIED.
Acker, ■ Fred A; ■ Lamoureux. Phil las
Bellermann Elizabeth Loughran. Thomas
Blar.kenstein, M. . McDowell. Mrs. Mary
Bolger, John Migrhell, Joseph A. A.
Brown, Edna V. Miller, George
■ Conboy, Sarah Moran. Catherine
Edwardsen. A. Moriarty, Mary A.
Ferguson, Jane Murphy, Mrs. Mary
Frost. Adeline W. Schultz. Marie
Glnnochlo, Aloysla Speddy. Evelyn
Heflng. J. H. Sullivan, Vincent T.
, HemphJll. Joseph L. Svending. Mrs. Anna
Innes, Flora A. - Thackeray. William
Jones. Robin V Walrath, Thomas A. ,
Kidney, James
ACKER— In Salinas, Cal.. May 4, 1898. Fred
A. Acker, beloved son of Annie McDougall,
a native of San Francisco, aged 34 years and
1 month.
RELLERMAN'N— . Berkeley. May 5, IS9B.
Elizabeth, wife of Emll Bellermann, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 68 years and 27 days.
BLANKENSTEIN— In this city, May 4. 1899.
Manny, - beloved son of Mrs. H. Blankensteln,
. and brother of Leo Blankensteln. Mrs. T. H.
Heilbron, Mrs. A. Simon and Mrs. C. Stern
of Rochester, N. V., a native of New York
City, aged 25 years. Deceased was formerly
known as Professor Remonde. ....
fcyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully-invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from • his late resi-
dence, 540 Hayes street. Interment New Sa-
lem Cemetery, .by train leaving Third and
Townsend streets at -3:15 o'clock.
BOLGER— A" month's mind requiem high mass
. will he celebrated for the- repose of the soul
of John Bolger this day (Friday), at Bt.
, James . Church. Twenty-third and Guerrero
streets, commencing at 9 o'clock. Friends
are respectfully Invited.
BROWN— In this city, May 5. 1898. Edna V.,
infant daughter of Mr. and Mrs. A. W.
Brown, a native of San ' Francisco, axed 9
months and 26 days. <
E7"The funeral will be held to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, by a funeral-car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
CONBOY— In this city. May 5. IS9B, Sarah, be-
loved wife of G. C. Conboy, and mother of
Harry, Eileen, ; Addle and George Cojiboy, a
• native of Ireland, aged 46 years. . .
B^"Frienil« and acquaintances are respect- ]
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 225 Clipper street:,. Interment Cypress
Lawn ' Cemetery. A .
EDWARDSEN— In this city. May 4, 1898. Alex-
i ander, beloved husband of Hannah Edward-
Ben, and stepfather of Mollle and Charley Ed-"
-wardsen, a native of Norway, ■ aged 37 years ,
1 month and 8 days.
tC7"Friends and acquaintances 'are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of J. x .
C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street- In-
torment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
FERGUSON— this city. May 3, IS9B, Jane,
beloved wife of James Ferguson, and' mother
of John and Angus Ferguson, a native of
• Scotland, aged 48 years.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
- (Friday), at 10 o'clock, from hrr late ■ resi-
. dence, 930 Minnesota street, near Twenty-
first. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
FROST— In this city. May 5. 1838. Adeline W.
Frost, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 64 '
• years.*
Notice of funeral hereafter.
GINNOCHIO--In this city. May 4, 1898. Aloysla
■ V., dearly beloved daughter of <». and Mary
Ginncchio, and sister of Clorinda, Lillian,
Isabella. Arthur and Ethel Glnnochlo. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 year 9 months
and S days.
CTFrtend« and. acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. 1712 Stockton street, between Fil-
bert and Greenwich.
HEFING— In this city. May 5. 1893, J. H.
Heflng. a native of Germany, aged 65 years.
CCTFriends and acquaintances are respect--
. fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Porter & White, 122 Eddy street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. **■
HEMPHILL— In this city. May 4. 1858. Joseph -
L., beloved brother of Charles J. and John
G. Hemphlll, a native of Ireland, aged 25
years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to" attend the funeral this day
• (Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Interment
: Laurel Hill Cemetery.
INNES— this city. May 4, 1898. Flora Ade-
laid*. s beloved ' daughter of William and
Emma Innes, and sister of Maggie Wlllox,
Isabelle Rankin, Willie, Emma, v Alexander
and . Jessie Annie • Innes, a native •of San
Francisco, aged 5 months and 28 days.
Friend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral » this day
,'• (Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the home of her
■"^parents, 510 Nebraska street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn : Cemetery, by carriag*. .
JONES— In this city, May 2, 1898, Rdbin Jones,
a native of Hlllsboro, N. C, aged 24 years
and 11 months. • (North Carolina papers copy.)
. |C7"The funeral services will take place
this day (Friday), at 10 o'clock, at 1117 Sut-
ter street.
KIDNEY— In the City and County Hospital,
May 5. 1898, James Kidney, a native of Ire-
land, aged 53 years. ■
LAMOUREUX— In Oakland, May 3. 1898,
• Phlllas H.. beloved husband of Judith La-
moureux,' and father of Eva, Lulu and Hll-
alre H. Lamoureux, a native of Canada, aged
43 years 8 months and 25 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite.*, to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock. , from Masonic Tem-
ple, corner Washington and Twelfth streets,
Oakland, under the auspices ■of Live Oak
Lodge No. ■ 61, F. and A. M. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
LOUOHRAN— this city. May 5. 1898. Thomas,
beloved husband of Marguerite Loughran.
and father of Blanche, Edward 1,, and Frank
P. Loughran, Mrs. John J. O'Farrell and Mrs.
James W. Garneau, a native of County
Meat h.' lreland, aged 62 years. .
McDOWELL— In San Jose. April 29, 1898. Mrs. ',-
Mary McDo-well, a native of. Connecticut, aged -,
52 years. — , - ■..
MIGHELL— this city, May 4, 1898, Joseph '
A. A., beloved husband of Laura, and brother
of William E., Richard H. and George W. .
Mighell, a native of San Francisco, aged 37
" . years.
ECFriends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day I '
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi- .
dence. Post street. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. ' HIW " WfIMJITfcITTOI"
MILLER— In the City and County Hospital. .'
May 5, IS9B, George Miller, a native of Ger- ■
.;• many, aged 54 years. :'.
MORAN— In this city. May 5, .1898. Catherine,
. beloved wife of the late John Moran, and
'■■ mother of John E. and Martin F. Moran. a
native of County Kilkenny, Ireland, aged 68 -'
years.
; . : tCTFriends are -respectfully Invited '. to at- .•
tend the funeral to-morrow ' (Saturday), at
:. 8:30 o'clock, from the -parlors of Carew &
'.English," 41 Van Ness avenue, thence to St. -
-:. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and O'Far-
. rell street, where a solemn requiem high mass
: will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
.commencing at - 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
MORIARTY— In this city. May 5, 1898, Mary
A., beloved daughter of Bridget and the late
John Moriarty, and sister of Daniel Moriarty. .
a native of San. Francisco, aged 25 years and
29 days. , '" •' MBjaß
Friends and acquaintances . are ■ respect- SB
fully Invited to attend. the funeral to-morrow
•" (Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
. dence. 22 Howard court, off Howard : street,
between Fourth and Fifth, thence to. St. Pat- -
• ~ rick's Church,' ; where a requiem high in^ss
, t will be celebrated for the. repose of her soul.
. at 9 o'clock, j Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city. May 5. 1898, Mrs. Mary
. Murphy, sister of Alice and Nellie McGrath.
a. native of County Waterford, • Ireland, aged -
30 years. :
• • Notice of funeral hereafter. ' Remains . :
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street. jjW ßwHyfep'iW fantffji
SCHULTZ— In this city. May 4, 1898, Marie ?
• Schultz (nee- Bielski), beloved wife of Wil- -
' liam A. Schultz,: a native of Germany. : (New
York City papers please copy.) ;*&uUttemgsBß
. (ET'The funeral will : take place this : day
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the late resi-
dence, 1501 Golden Gate, avenue, corner of
-Pierce street. Funeral private. - Please omit
flowers. Interment Odd . Fellows' Cemetery. -
*■: Cremation. . :
SPEDDY— In this city. May 5. W. Evelyn,
.wife of Alexander Speddy. and sister of Mrs. - ".•
Dr. J. Albert Noble .and John N. Sherburne, •
a native of Fort' Lancaster. Texas."
SULLIVAN— In Ocean View, Vincent Thomas,
■: infant son of George and the late Annie G.
Sullivan, -a native of San Francisco, aged 2
months and 24 days. >UH't'/ ' IllHil 'I'iulQ
SVENDING— In Salinas City, May 2. ISSB, Mrs."
' •• Anna Svending, , aged 76 years 5 months and ■ ■
' ' 10- days.-* v > •*. ' '" . ' * : . "■'
THACKERAY— In this city. May 5, 189 S. Wil-
■ liam, beloved husband of Mrs. E. Thackeray, .
and father of ; Mrs. A. N. Knoph and Mrs. ',
Robert C. Mitchell, a native of England, aged
. 60 years. ■;■*•;-. ; : ;
WALRATH— In South San Francisco, May .4, '
1898, Thomas A., dearly beloved son of Etna
and' the k late :P. J. Walrath, and brother ;of -
Lottie, Addle, > Oscar, Nettie ■ and Pearl Wai- , ■
rath and Mrs. -Paul Ay hens, a native of New-
ark. N. J.,~ared 25 years 10 months and -IV.:
days.
[C^-Friends and acquaintances ' are respect-
fully : invited ; to attend the funeral - : this day
(Friday), -at 2 o'clock. - from 1 Memorial " Pres- .--.
byterian Church. Eighteenth and Railroad
■ avenue* • where ; funeral services will be held. .
, Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUKERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS I .
20 riTTH ST., Opp. Lincoln School. 1
Telephone, South SO.  : |
. -,- - - ■;..!. • . H. B. M'AVO^^tanager^^^^^^^j .
mcflvov :■;■«& 00^ I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS I ■?
McAVOY «fc CO., |
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEB* I .
123 d Market St.. bet™' sen Bth and StU. -* I \
■•■■% - - '-:'■■. Telephone. South 24T .'.■•■■:.- -"i ;. -
:■ i- '.■'■■■"- .■..■.■,:■'■•-■ ".'"".- .■• . ■ ■■■■■■ . .*.'.'.
1314
ADOLPH SUTRO
FORCIBLY TOKEN
FROM HIS HOME
h|is Legal Guardian, Mrs.
Merritt, Tool^ H im to
Her Residence.
Removed Despite the
Protests of One of
His Daughters.
Tried to Wreck the Am
bulance That Was to
Carry Him Away.
Miss Clara Sutro Adopts Despe
rate Measures to Keep Her
Father With Her.
A SCENE AT THE HEIGHTS.
The Ouardlan Claims She Wants
Her Charge Near Her to Give
Him Better Care.
Adolph Sutro, ex-Mayor and capital
ist, who was a few weeks ago declared
incompetent to manage his own affairs
by the courts, was taken from his home
at Sutro Heights yesterday by his
daughter and guardian, Mrs. Emma
Sutro-Merritt. His removal was some
what in the nature of an abduction and
it grew out of a family quarrel. The
leave taking of the aged millionaire
from the home he loved so well had ar.
exceedingly exciting and dramatic
tinge, and it deepened the hatred the
members of his family have formed for
each other during the past few months.
Sutro for weeks has been an invalid,
and during the last month or two he
has been unconscious to his surround
ings. His daughter. Miss Clara Sutro,
and his son Charles have been in al
most constant attendance on him. Yes
terday forenoon the daughter was at
his bedside attending to his wants
when the wheels of a carriage grated
over the gravelly driveway leading to
the door of the quaint residence on the
cliffs, and Mrs. Emma Sutro-Merritt
announced that she had called to take
her father away to her home on Sut
ter street and Van Ness avenue. Op
posite the door was an ambulance and
behind Mrs. Merritt were two burly
men ready to carry out her orders.
Mrs. Merritt announced her mission
in a haughty way and pushed past her
sister and beckoned the ambulance
men to follow. In vain Miss r*lara Sutro
protested. She begged and pleaded with
her sister to allow her father to remain
in the home he built and beautified and
loved so much, but Mrs. Merritt was
obdurate. The two burly ambulance
drivers lifted the old, weak and child
ish man in their arms and carried him
to the waiting ambulance. The aged
millionaire, unconscious of what was
going on, prattled on to the men who
were carrying him and seemed oblivious
that he was being taken from his home
for perhaps the last time.
The ambulance men set their burden
down in the doorway while they pre
pared the wagon for him. After the
horses had been turned heading toward
the gateway the men returned for the
aged capitalist. They carried him down
the stairway in spite of the pleadings
of Miss Sutro.
They were about to lift him into the
ambulance through the doorway that
opened In the rear of the wagon, when
Misß Sutro grasped the whip from the
seat of the conveyance and gave the
horses a stinging cut that started them
at a gallop across the yard. She hoped
to wreck the ambulance and so thwart
the designs of her sister and the guar
dian of her father until she could sum
mon assistance from her brothers and
so keep the declining philanthropist at
his home until the end of the few days
he has left on earth.
Away the horses went down the
driveway, overturning the statuary
that peeps from the shrubbery and
•which has made the Sutro Heights of
world-wide fame. The horses, however,
trained to drag an ambulance and to
avoid obstacles with the vehicle be
hind them made a poor runaway. They
circled around the grounds a few times
and came to a standstill In the main
driveway without doing much damage
to the rig. There their drivers caught
them and soon !iad them at the door
of the residence again. In the am
bulance the feeble old man was placed
and he was soon on the way to the resi
dence of Mrs. Dr. Merritt at the corner
of Van Ness avenue and Sutter street.
The reasons alleged by Mrs. Dr. Mer
ritt for wishing to place her father in
her own house are that by so doing she
will be better able to watch over him
and give him such medical care and
attention as his condition warrants.
She claims that as his legai guardian
she has a perfect right to l.iake such
disposition of his person as may seem
to her best, provided that her desires in
this matter do not run contrary to any
established social or legal requirements.
She asserts that her rights in the prem
ises are those of a parent over a child.
There are others who profess to be
lieve that Mrs. Dr. Merrltt's motives
for wishing to remove her father from
his place of asylum at Sutro Heights
contemplate something more than a
wish to insure his physical comfort.
These persons say that the ill-feeling
that is known to have existed for some
time between the two sisters has had
the effect of inspiring a fear in the
mind of Mrs. Merritt that if left in the
care of her sister her father might, in
his present enfeebled state of mind, be
induced to subscribe his name to some
document whereby all or a part of his
estate would be deeded or willed to
those who are antagonistic to Mrs.
""hUe It is true that such a document
would be of little or no value If it was
proven to be executed at a time when
the aged millionaire was known to be
mentally unsound, yet if the paper
ante-dated this period of mental inca
pacity It would be an exceedingly diffi
cult matter to prove that it had been
executed at any time other than that
shown on its face.
For these reasons, as well as for
those piven by Mrs. Merrltt, it might be
considered a wise thing to get the aged
capitalist ( it of harm's way. Not even
Mrs. Merritt will admit that since her
father's mental prostration he has had
anything but the most careful attention
and the best medical treatment. Sutro
Heights is supposed to be a most
healthful spot, and the nurses provided
for the invalid were the best that could
be procured. These things being con
sidered, it Is not too much to say that
the events of yesterday were set on
foot by more potent reasons than those
alleged by Mrs. Merritt and her
brother. It remains to be seen whether
their acts will be met by any counter
move on the part of the children who
are opposed to them in the matter of
the custody of their father.
The immediate outcome of yester
day's happenings at Sutro Heights will
probably be the institution of a pro-
EX-MAYOR ADOLPH SUTRO.
The aged millionaire was yesterday forci
bly taken from the home he built and
loved so well by his guardian and
daughter.
ceeding in court to-day, having for Its
purpose the release of Miss Clara Sutro
and perhaps her brother 'rom the bond
of Mrs. Merritt as trustee of her
father's estate. It Is probable that the
court will be petitioned to appoint a
new guardian and trustee, and if so
the allegations that will be made in
support of the petition will no doubt
enumerate all of the causes that have
led to the division of the Sutro family
against itself. When the family skele
ton, if there be one, is haled into court
there will be a rattling of dry bones
that may not prove uninteresting to
those who are interested in the fortunes
of the stricken capitalist.
Edgar E. Sutro, a son of the ex-
Mayor, left a sick bed last night for the
purpose of refuting the story that his
father had been kidnaped. He stated
that he had seen him at 1 o'clock at his
sister's home, looking contented and
enjoyed the best of health. He knew
of his removal from the Heights and
said It was done for the purpose of giv
ing him the best of care, which could
not be given him out there. He said
the kidnaping story had been circu
lated by disappointed parties and
thought it outrageous.
When told that a story was in circu
lation that Mr. Sutro was kidnaped he
ridiculed the idea.
"If he had been, do you think I would
stay in bed and not make an effort to
find him?, The fact is, he is at my sis
ter's home."
In order not to be misunderstood Mr.
Sutro wrote and signed the following
statement:
"I deny that my father "was kidnap
ed, but he was removed from Su
tro Heights to Dr. Merrltt's residence,
northwest corner of Sutter street
and Van Kess avenue, she thinking
that he could be better cared for in her
own home. EDGAR E. SUTRO."
All From the Buck .ye State.
There was a pleasant gathering at the
residence of Captain Cassius P. Wright
of the Police Department, at S9BO Nine
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FBIPAY, MAY 6, 1898.
teenth street, Wednesday night, and mu
sic and song tended greatly to enhance
the evening's entertainment. The com
pany comprised Crelghton Foraker, Tjni
ted States Marshal for New Mexico who
Is a brother of Senator Foraker of Ohio;
W. C. Hill, president of the St. Michael
and Yukon Dispatch Line; Walter Pope,
a son of Colonel Pope, a well-known war
veteran, and Arthur Giddings of the
Nickel Plate Fast Freight Line. They
were, including the host, all born in the
same county in Ohio and were boys to
gether. . .
SUICIDE OF
AN AGED MAN
William Thackeray, Pressed by
Creditors, Becomes De-
spondent.
He Was Librarian for the Odd Fellows
and Had Belonged to the Order
for Thirty Years.
William Thackeray, until recently
librarian of the Odd Fellows' Library,
killed himself last Wednesday night by
asphyxiating himself with illuminating
gas.
Thackeray had been for a long time de
pendent for support upon his salary as
librarian, and when he was informed that
the library was about to be sold he pur
chased a lot of furniture from Koonan &
Co., dealers on Mission street, on the in
stallment plan, and fitted up a lodging
house at 740 Ellis street. He employed
Mrs. E. N. Kulston as housekeeper, but
the business did not pay, and he was un
able to meet his installments as they fell
due His creditors pressed him for trie
money and he became very despondent.
Last 'Wednesday Mrs. Ralston went to
Noona-n & Co. and asked for an extension
of time, but she reported that they had
refused to grant it, but instead threatened
that if Thackeray did not pay up the in
stallment due to-diiy they would take the
furniture from the house.
This preyed upon the mind of the unfor
tunate man and he became very despond
ent. When he retired on Wednesday night
he went into a room other than the one
usually occupied by him and took off the
tip from the Kfis burner. Then he turned
on the pas and waited for the stupefac
tion which precedes death from asphyx
iation. His body was found yesterday
morning at half-past 7 o'clock.
The deceased was a native of England,
62 years of age, and was a distant rela
tive of the celebrated satirist, William
Mnkopoace Thackeray. He had been an
Odd Fellow of thirty years' standing and
had a host of friepds who would have
rallied to his aid had they known of his
distress.
The remains have been taken charge
of by the Coroner preliminary to the in
quest, but they will be interred by the
Odd Fellows.
U. S. COURT OF APPEALS.
x»iey Will Meet in Portland and Se-
attle for the Hearing of Cer
tain Cases.
The United States Court of Appeals
yesterday made new regulations, the
most important being the change of the
places of fitting and the cases to be heard
at each pface. They will hereafter meet
annually in the city of Seattle, beginning
on the second Monday in September, and
in Portland on the third Monday. All
"Washington and Oregon cases will be
heard in Seattle and Portland unless it
shall have been specially stipulated that
they shall be heard in San Francisco. AJI
Idaho and Montana cases will be heard
in San Francisco unless stipulated to be
heard in Portland or Seattle.
Read f the , exceedingly interesting
story of v Neptune's visit to the big
battle-ship Oregon when she crossed
the line lately, written by one of the
officers, in next Sunday's Call.
'■■<■;■■'■ ~'i..'. '..' 1,. '.*.' ■ ■■. ■'.■■'.•".:■;'•■'
j/--jTry;j /--jTry; oo^^yegUu»aca. : no Market A X >gwn\,
■ '-■.-■ '■:-- . . : r ; -: ■ ■ ■ -:■
ASK FOR AID
FOR THE BOYS
Red Cross League Calls
for Small Cash Do-
nations.
Millionaires Are Too Slow and
Lesser Lights Will Be
Depended Upon.
A Prompt and Hearty Response Is
Expected and. Everybody
Can Come In.
Headquarters
Red Cross Society,
May 5, 1898.
Appeal to the people of Cali
fornia.
Our California boys have
been called to garrison the for
tifications of Manila. They are
going to fight und:r the old
flag upon a foreign shore;
many may fall sick and others
shed their blood in our behalf.
The Red Cross Society of Cali
fornia, formed to attend their
calls and soothe their pains
upon the tented field, appeals
to your patriotism for assist
ance.
Let us rally to the aid of our
country's defenders. We need
money for necessities, not for
luxuries. And as time is press
ing, the money should be given
at once.
(Signed)
JAMES H. BUDD, Governor.
JAMES D. PHELAN, Mayor.
MRS. W. B. HARRINGTON,
President Red Cross Society.
MRS. JOHN F. MERRILL,
Chairman Ladies Executive
Committee.
The affairs of the Red Cross Society
are rapidly shaping themselves so as
to insure success. At a meeting of the
executive committee held last evening
at the California Hotel a resolution
made by Rabbi Voorsanger, and sec
onded by W. J. Dutton, was carried
unanimously — "That the millionaires
of San Francisco be disregarded and an
appeal be made through the press to
the people for 50-cent contributions,
any one subscribing $1 to be enrolled as
a member of the Red Cross Society.
In support of his resolution Rabbi
Voorsanger spoke with eloquent sim
plicity.
"We are organized for two things,"
he said; "as an auxiliary to the Na
tional Red Cross and as citizens of Cal
ifornia to strengthen the hands of the
Sanitary Corps of the National Guard
of our State. There's a call from
Washington now, and our boys are al
ready in camp. The very moment raw
recruits go to camp is the time to look
after them. Nine thousand dollars is
needed to put these men on a war foot-
Ing. The surgeon-general is responsi
ble for the figures. Governor Budd in
dorses them. The Governor told me
personally that there was no fund at
his command to supply the needs of
these brave boys of ours. New York
has already raised half a million for
her sons. It would be a disgrace if Cal
ifornia could not in forty-eight hours
raise $9000. I am confident the thing
can be done."
On motion of Charles R. Bishop, sec
onded by Father Wyman, it was unani
mously decided to "accept the very
j generous offer of Mr. Claus Spreckels
I of rooms in the Claus Spreckels build
: ing, corner of Third and Market
streets, for headquarters of the Red
Cross Society."
Secretary Hansen asked the commit
tee to authorize his acceptance of an
offer made by a wealthy gentleman of
San Francisco, who desires for the
; present to withhold his name, of a
1 corps of from six to ten completely
equipped trained male nurses, outfitted
in camp uniforms, to be sent to the
Philippines with the California troops
under the auspices of the Red Cross
Society of California — all expenses to be
paid by the anonymous benefactor.
"This Is a magnificent donation," said
Dr. Voorsanger. "I move it be accept
ei with heartiest thanks."
The motion was carried unanimously.
The name of Sam :el Knight was added
to the committee on constitution and
by-laws.
"The simpler our rules and regula
tions the better," said Mr. Knight. "Let
us not get entangled in a mesh of by
la-.vs. The same rules of general guid
ance that serve the national organiza
tion will serve us. Let us get along with
as few rules as possible."
Wendell Easton and Colonel Smed
herg were added to the committee on
entertainment. R. H. Webster's name
was added to the committee on schools.
Dr. W. E. Hopkins, surgeon general of
California, was made a committee on
purchasing. A resolution authorizing
the treasurer, William Alvord. of the
Bank of California, to disburse funds
only on warrants drawn by the presi
dent and secretary was passed.
The committee adjourned to meet on
Saturday evening. May 7. at 8 o'clock,
at the Red Cross Society's headquar
ters, rooms 204-5-6-7 second floor Claus
Spreckels building.
BADLY BATTERED.
Henri Jannaud Wants Edward Bitter
and Louis Dutilleul Arrested.
Henri Jannaud, 9 Carlos place, swore to
a complaint in Judge Low's court yester
day for the arrest of Edward Bitter and
Louis Dutilleul on a charge of battery.
Jannaud stated that Dutilleul had rep
resented to him that he was a detective
and told him that he knew who really
murdered Mrs. Clute. He said It was not
Hoff but Bitter, and he would at the
proper time prove it.
Bitter and Dutilleul called at his house
Wednesday night and without saying v
word to him commenced to thrash him.
He was knocked down by a blow from
some blunt instrument and then he w;is
beaten over the head until he became un
conscious.
"Don't give up the ship" and other
famous American battle cries; their
full stories told in next Sunday's
Call.
A Patriotic Family.
Three sons of Sergeant Green of the
police force were yesterday sworn in as
members of the Hospital Corps of the
First Regiment, N. G. C. They are Ed
ward, 21 years of age; James, 20, and
George, 19. The only regret of thr ser
geant Is that the other six sons are too
young to be enrolled and that he himself
is too old.
Held to Answer.
. G.  H. Gannon i was yesterday held to
■answer {before the s Superior Court "a by
Judge Low on a charge , of grand larceny
in $2000 1 bonds. April s<he ' hired a ; horse
and buggy from C.Jensen, a livery stable
man 'on Turk street," and sold < the rig ? in
WatfionvlUe. , * , '.; --^^»
GRAND JURY AFTER
WATER FRONT JOBS
Preliminary Work Being Done Toward Un
earthing a Big State Scandal.
Architect Swain Spends Three Hoars on the Anxions
Seat in the Anteroom, but Is Not
Called.
The Grand Jury has taken up the
task of tracing the devious methods by
which the State has been robbed of a
sum approximating $100,000 through
the manipulation of contracts for the
construction of the depot building and
ferry-house at the foot of Market
street.
Because of this, Architect Swain
spent three hours on the anxious seat
in the witness-room connected with
the apartments occupied by the Grand
Jury at the City Hall yesterday after
noon. He had been served with a sum
mons to appear before that body to
explain his connection with changes in
plans and specifications and the sub
stitution of poor material for good, by
means of -which certain favored con
tractors were enabled to reap enor
mous and illegitimate profits from
their work on the ferry building. The
gTand jurors were desirous, however,
of ascertaining a definite knowledge of
the situation before subjecting Mr.
Swain to the grilling process, so he was
of necessity compelled to console him
self with his thoughts while some half
score or more of witnesses were being
examined. His name had not yet been
called when the hour of adjournment
was announced.
Now that the Grand Jury has evinced
a desire to probe to the bottom the
corruption that has marked the prog-
ress of the construction work on the
ferry building since it has been in
charge of Commissioner Colnon and
Architect Swain, there is a great influ
ence being brought to bear to have the
whole matter sidetracked. In the
event that this course should not prove
successful an attempt will be made to
minimize the scope of the inquiry and
thus protect the men who are believed
to be responsible for the thievery that
has been practiced in so bare-faced a
manner for more than a year past.
This was made evident at the inquiry
yesterday by the questions asked some
of the witnesses by one or more of the
grand Jurors who had been primed in
advance with alleged facts tending to
discredit the testimony that it was
known could be given. It is also
known that the men who have been
growing rich at the expense of the
State by reason of their connection
with the work done on the harbor front
have, through the medium of influen
tial friends, been attempting to influ
ence the minds o-f members of the
Grand Jury. That this, attempt has
proved unsuccessful, except In one or
two instances, goes without saying. To
what ends these same men will go to
the end of procuring perjured testi
mony or the concealment of records re
mains to be seen.
Among the witnesses examined yes
terday was Chief Plumbing Inspector
Sullivan of the Board of Health. Some
weeks ago he inspected the plumbing
work in the ferry building and pro
nounced it practically worthless. He
said that it was so defective in the
matter of material used and the man
ner in which the work was done that
it constituted as . a whole a positive
detriment to the building and a menace
to public health. Since that time Sul
livan has had many conferences with
the water front officials, as well as with
the contractor who installed the plumb
ing system. The plumbing con
tractor even went so far as to threaten
Sullivan if he did not approve of the
work as constructed/What effect these
conferences and threats may have had
is not known, but it is certain that in
giving his testimony yesterday Sulli
van was mildly lenient in his discus
sion of the work he had before charac
terized as a cheat and a sham.
There were other witnesses who gave
the members of the Grand Jury a cor
rect idea of the manner, in which the
plumbing contractor was permitted by
the officials who had charge of the work
to swindle the State. Among them was
Thomas Ford, a plumbing expert, who
had made a complete and detailed ex
amination of the plumbing work in the
ferry building. He explained to the
Jury how, the system had been changed
by juggling the iron pipes and that by
reason of this chan — the contractor
was enabled to veap a very considerable
profit at the expense of the State. The
witness also detailed the manner in
which the contractor had reaped rich
profits by reason of other changes au
thorized by Architect Swain and ap
proved by Commissioner Colnon. He
also told how the law had been evaded
in regard to the manner in which vent
pipes and other vital portions of the
plumbing system had been constructed.
Howard C. Holmes, chief engineer for
the Harbor Commission,- was one of the
witnesses z examined during the course
of the afternoon. He was asked re
garding changes in plans and specifi
cations • authorized by ' Architect Swain
and Commissioner Colnon, but was un
able to throw any light on the : subject
except to say that he knew that many
such changes had been authorized and
that in some instances the contractor
had been required to reduce the amount
of his contract and in • others the con
tractor had been paid considerable
sums " in i addition to the amount speci
fied in his contract. Whether or not the
rebates were : too small and ' the addi
tions too large he was unable to state,
as his duties did not compel him to
have anything to do with the supervis
ion of the construction work on the
building. He said that in his opinion
the Harbor Commission had . paid ; Con
tractor Cronan a sum approximating
$3000 over and above l the original': con
tracti price for work that : was included
in the original contract. Also that Cro
nan had i been permitted to perform the
work lin a manner contrary to the pro
visions of the contract, the finished
work being much : inferior; in point of
strength, durability - and ': cost to ? what
it would haye = been had the work been
done according to the provisions of the
contract. :' ; . ; •.•■_•■ . ■.■ c: ..,/.-.
The Grand Jury also ; devoted con
siderable time during the session to go
ing into the details,- concerning the
manner ;in which the ; contracts ■ for
stone and terra cotta : work ? have \ been
manipulated. Among the witnesses ex
amined on this particular subject were
P. McG. % Mcßean, >J., W. McKay J and
Thomas Butler. Considerable attention
was also i paid > io the | contracts . for gal
vanized i iron '■ work, = steam . heating . and
structural I Iron '■ work. -;^: > "j' * .■: - }
-'i The evidence" taken up to the , present
time is considered to be merely prelimi
nary,; it * being X the ; intention sof , the
iirajod '' Jury.. to jb& a, jciear insight .intq.
the manner in which the work has been
done before groing into the questions of
motives and methods. The inquiry
will be taken up again at a special ses
sion to be held next Wednesday after
noon.
NATIONAL AIRS
AT THE SYMPHONY
Scheel Plays "The Star-Span
gled Banner" While
Women Stand.
Season Closes With a Good Pro
gramme and a Snug Balance
in the Treasury.
The symphony season at the Tivoli
closed yesterday afternoon with a fine
programme proper and a triumphant
flourish of interpolated patriotism. Mr.
Scheel not only played Weber's "Jubel"
overture, which closes with the hymn
that we Americans call "America," but
"The Star-spangled Banner" as well. He
played it first in its original form and
then as done into a quick march by
George Theile, embroidered and counter
shot with snatches of "Yankee Doodle"
and "Dixie." The audience, a very large
one, stood up to the last woman and re
mained standing while the patriotic tunes
were being played. "The Star-spangled
Banner" is good music at any time, and
Scheel played it like an American; but
Mr. Theile's Sousaesque version of it has
no place on a symphony programme, and
in conditions other than the present would
be an affront to the symphony subscri
bers. As it was, there seemed something
yellowly sensational in dragging it in
where a repetition of tne good old simple
tune undiluted would have serveu so
much better.
However, the general programme was
beyond cavil, and the work of the band
was surer, evener and more finished than !
at any other concert of the season. Ber
lioz's* "Harold in Italy" symphony, a
work unique in the theatrical literature
of the orchestra, was played with sur
passing dramatic power. Jf the worth of i
Bernat Jaulus as a viola player had not j
been established by earlier performances j
in chamber concerts he would have iin
ished the solo viola part yesterday to find j
himself immediately famous. He played
the part, which is supposed to represent
Harold, with a rare tone, musicianly poise j
and a certain Byronic blend uf despair
I and devilment that were cumulatively
splendid.
For all his masterly instrumentation j
and color sense. Berlioz, in this work at '
least, does not touch the emotions as they j
are touched by Tschaikowsky's "Pa- j
thetique" or Beethoven's C Minor. His aa- t
peal is more theatrical, more sensuous, >
than theirs, and as he insists on "pro
gramme music" and relates rather .than I
reflects, it may be that his touch is more '
vivid. But he is neuner as terrible as j
Tschaikowsky nor as supprhumanly hu- [
man as Beethoven. After a fasblon he is j
Ito them what Sardou is to Ibsen and j
Shakespr-are. It would be impossible to i
overpraise Scheel's management of the
orchestra in this difficult work.
The Tschaikowsky serenade, too. was
beautifully taken, its contrasts in som
berness and almost mppancy being finely
marked; and the "Kaiser March," by
i Wagner, was played with just the right
sonorous pomp.
The music public is indebted to Mr.
Scheel and the Symphony Society for the
i only first class season of music ever heard
i in San Francisco, a not inconsiderable
item of which season is that :t has been I
a big success financially as well as artis- |
tically. There' is a snug little balance of i
$3fioo on hand, and hundreds of ready sub
scribers to insure the second series, which
commences in the fall.
W. LODTMAN IS
BADLY WANTED
Robbing the Eastern Merchants
and Bankers Under False
Pretenses.
Claims to Bo a Local Newspaper
Correspondent and Circulates
Bogus Drafts Broadcast
William Ijodtmann, who recently con
tributed several articles to local papers,
has proved without a chance for contra
diction that a black sheep has worKed
his way into the newspaper world. After
he left this city he made his way north
and thence East, and during his trip has
more than made his expenses in a ques
tionable manner.
According to complaints made from
various sources, Lodtmann is at present
palming himself off as a correspondent of
The Call, and In a plausible way relates
a tale of financial embarrassment for the
time belnff. He then tells a connected
story and produces letters and papers
which seem to bear out his explanations.
Money is asked for, a draft griven on the
cashier of the paper and the trick is done.
The last victim heard from is the firm of
Brown, Page and Hillman Company of
Peoria, 111., who arc losers to the extent
of $U». odtmann gave the firm a draft
for $19, and after purchasing a few ar
ticles, which he ordered shipped to Terre
Haute, Ind., received money in change.
The goods have since been returned to
the firm. Lodtmann has circulated the
drafts broadcast, and as he Is a man
of more than ordinary intelligence, there
seems to be no difficulty for him to "play"
his game successfully.
The man is tall of stature with a mili
tary bearing, blonde complexion with a
light colored heavy mustache, speaks with
a German accent, ar.l is in all probability
well connected In his native country. He
is middle aged and slightly squints his
eyes while engaged lv conversations,
which he carries on in a clever and in
teresting way. There are many men
throughout the country who are extreme-
1
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
flails S*ljr S/tT/) J2_ "if *
lv anxious to find him, and a close watch
Is being kept for his appearance by those
who know him.
STREET RAILWAY SUED.
A Wagon Damaged and a Transfer
Befused Are the Causes. .
Two suits were begun in the Justice
Court yesterday against the Market
street Railway Company. Willie Davis
asks for $299 damages for a broken wagon
wheel, caused by collision with a car of
the company at the crossing of Sixth and
Mission streets on March 22.
William O'Banion claims to have been
damaged to the amount of $200 by the re
fusal of a conductor of the line running
to the ferry to accept a transfer given
out at the corner of Kearny and Broad
way.
EDNA CAN NOW
MARRY AGAIN
Judge Hebbard Returns Mrs.
Hopper to Single Bless
edness.
Rumor Has It That Tod Slo«n la to
Be Accepted to Fill the
Blank.
Judge Hebbard granted a divorce yes
terday to Edna Wallace Hopper from her
husband, William DeWolf Hopper, on the
ground of desertion. With this decree
comes a revival of the story that Kdna
will soon become the wife of the famous
jockey, Tod Sloan. It is given out on
the authority of no 1-ss a personage than
Sloan's valet that the hurried departure
of the jockey to tht; East was for thu
purpose of being with Mrs. Hopper wnen
the courts decided in her favor.
The following telegram, received by Tha
Call last night, would indicate that Edna
was sure of her c;. -
NEW YORK. May s.— Edna Wallaca
Hopper denies that she seeks a reconcili
ation with hor husband, DeWolf Hopper,
the comedian.
"The fact is," said Mrs. Hopper last
night, "I expect and hope to secure my
divorce within the next two weeks. I
trust that he and I will always be good
friends, simply because 1 dislike being
an enemy to anyone. But our relations in
future will never go friendship,
believe me."
When asked what she thought of the
possibility of her husband making Mlsa
Bergen his wife, she answered: "1 should
not be surprised. At the same time, I
do not care to pass upon the advisability
of any of Mr. Hopper's actions. If he
and Miss Bergen are to be happy, well
and good. Mr. Hopper deserves some
domestic bliss anyhow. His courage in
taking unto himself three wives merits
reward."
Mrs. Hopper denied that she had named
Miss Bergen as co-respondent in her di
vorce case. "I don't want to talk about
Miss Bergen," she said. "The laws of
the State of California permit me to ob
tain a divorce on the ground of desertion.
I am taking advantage of that fact,"
A Thieving Chinese.
Tee Kee, a Chinese lottery ticket agent,
was arrested yesterday by Detectives
Gibson and Wren on a charge of grand
larceny. On April 12 he called at the res
idence of Mrs. M. A. Sherwood, 845 Tina
street, and wanted to sell lottery tickets.
He got into the dining room and after he
left Mrs. Sherwood missed a gold watch
studded with diamonds and a gold pin.
The police were notified and Gibson and
Wren recovered the watch and arrested
the Chinese. When searched a pawn
ticket for the watch waa found in his
pocket.
The latest -wonder in electricity;
> new and marvelous applications in
the mechanical arts; told in next
Sunday's Call.
Another New Corporation.
The Beamish Company has been incor
porated for the purposes of engaging in
a general haberdashing business. The in
corporators are: Percy Beamish, John S.
Rolls Thomas Percy Clarke, John
Trounson and William A. Doble.
Kitchen Held for Trial.
Charles Kitchen, who was arrested a
few days ago for taking out of the post
office a letter addressed to a colored man
named Tansie Red, was held to answer
by rnited States Commissioner Heacock.
The prisoner's bonds were fixed at $o"0.
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
— —■ ~ - -^''
f^^P first embrace
KaßtJrruJffifflffii man of his choice
Wi&il u^V^*&A will always linger in
BhA I \ »^jf«?|.£ man ' 9 mind. It is
Hfili 1 1 a P^ tv tnat ie sweet
ffiiji&Vl • memory should ever
B^Sr *^v^^^¥ c p°^ sone^ by
lit /■/iWi ¥ taint of ill-health and
lay I / ' iffaiA consequent unhappi-
■ I ' IIWTO ness. It is sad that
1* I I flSffl the flower of a happy
y / I 1888 remembrance should
/ ; I h{ WV\ be obscured and kill-
/ — >* la'lcd by the noxious
/ *' i weeds of sickness and
sorrow. Too J fre-
quently this is the case. A woman can-
not be a happy, helpful amiable wife who
suffers from weakness and disease at the
very mainsprings of her nature. Pity
may grow up to take its place, but love
itself seldom survives where this is the
case. If a woman will, she may always
hold her place in a man's mind and
heart. If she will take the right care of
herself in a womanly way she will never
lose her rightful inheritance, a hus-
band's love.
The best of all known medicines for wo-
men is Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription.
It acts directly on the important and deli-
cate organs that make wifehood and
motherhood possible and makes them
strong and well. It allays inflammation,
heals ulceration, soothes pain and tones
up and builds up tired nerves It pre-
pares for almost pangless motherhood and
insures healthy children. ' Thousands of
women who were sickly, nervous, fretful
invalids are now happy, cheerful and
helpful wives as a result of its use. All
good medicine dealers keep it and there
fs nothing "just as good.* Any dealer
who tries to persuade you that there is,
is thinking more of his profit than of
your welfare and health.
Dr. Pierces Pleasant : Pellets are a safe, sure,
speedy, permanent cure for constipation. They
arc tiny, susjar-coated granules. One little " Pel-
1 let" is a gentle laxative, and two a mild cathar-
I tic. They never gripe. Druggists sell them,
and no other pills ar ♦ as good.
IR.MCNULTY.
nuns '.VEM.-KXOWX and BKLIABIJE OI7t»
A. Specialist I > rlvate,Nervous,Bloo<laiidfc ! kla
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
SOyears' experience.- Send for Book.free. I'ntlents
cured at Home. Terras reasonable. Hoars. 9to 3
dally;6:3otoB.3oev'KS. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
- Uou free and sacredly confidential. Call oraddxesa
P. BO9COE n«SVLTY, M. D.,
SOU Heaint Street. San Franciuu. f«L
fc -patents! 3
V^33OMARKETST!af>SSy
\A/. T. HESS,
\ NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room ■ 1015, Claus '■. Spreckels lildg.
. r-- ■'. ■" •'■'■ Vv*'- 1 Telephone Brown 93L ':'.':■ ' ■ ■
, • Residence.' 821 California street, below Powell.
igaa ■ IWtC^^^ -. ■; - Tr-rr - -