TOLUME LXXXIV.r-NO 74.
PEACE PROTOCOL IS SIGNED
AND FIGHTING IS AT AN END
HISTORIC
SCENE IN THE
E WHITE HOUSE
Day and Cambon the Men
Who Executed the Por
tentous Document,
Prompt Orders Issued to Army
and Navy to Suspend
Hostilities.
NEW YORK. Aug. v. — The Herald's Washington cor
■ndent sends the following: When the signatures of
Secretary Day and Embassador Cambon were affixed this
Evening to the protocol defining the basis for the final ne
gotiation of the treaty of peace between the United States
mil Spain the war was practically terminated. Although an
armistice will be maintained until the final treaty of peace is
signed, the two nations have ceased to be actively at war.
..'".^VASHINGTOX, Aug. 12.— With a
■'■'j&rnplicity in keeping with republican
"'•.•institutions the war which has raged
•' bftxVeen Spain and the United States
for a. period of three months and twen
-t£-two days was unostentatiously ter
jr>i>.a'ted at 23 minutes past 4 o'clock
'itii-i-s ftimoon. wh-.-n P*i:r«tary. Da'4f% ,
thV. United States, and M. Cambon, for
"By.ain,.rn the presence of President Mc
•Kiniey, signed a protocol which will
'•'fOf.-:ri- the basis of a definite treaty of
•■. : p.?-a?e.- •
■ !':.The closing chapter of events that
.lcd -tip to the signature of the protocol
■.a ; n4:the cessation of hostilities was full
.b-f interest. There were rumcrs in the
'.-early '. morning that overnight the j
' French Embassy had received the long- i
'. .expected final instructions from Ma- j
• .dfid.-.but these, upon inquiry, proved j
groundless, as it was not until 12:30 |
- --ti'-clock that the note began to come
, .irony Madrid in small lots. The State
"•" 3>epa'rtment was scon advised of the
.■■■tat* that the message was under trans
■ ': -mission, but as it was evident that it
■. ••.sv<3Uld be lonf and that its reception
■'■ w.quld occupy much time the Secretary
•.lof'-State'left the State Department for
' -his' luncheon.
•' •At 2:45 o'clock Secretary Thiebaut of
• : the French Embassy appeared at the j
• ' State Department to inform Secretary i
"• '.Day. that the Embassador was in full j
• 'possession of the note, was fully em
"i'powered to sign the protocol for Spain
'•' and, only awaited the pleasure of the
' : £t'ate' Department. He intimated that
...the Embassador would be pleased to
have the final ceremony conducted in
• ■ the ' presence of President McKinley,
' ' where the negotiations were begun.
'•' leaving the secretary of the embassy
. in" : hls own office Secretary Day made
"■a -short visit to the White House to
.learn the President's wishes in the mat
5 ■' ter.- -The latter immediately consented
= - to.accept the suggestion and M. Thle
■•■ baui hastened to inform his principal
:• -that-the. President would receive him at
the -White House at 4 o'clock.
• :At the appointed hour a driving rain
■ worm prevailed, obliging all the parties
: ■'to' resort to carriages for transporta
.tiah to the White House. Secretary
Day came first, with a large portfolio
■ under his arm, inclosing copies of the
•■' protocol, of the proclamation to be is
• sued by. the President stopping hostili
: .ties' and some other necessary papers.
•': Hfe'was" accompanied by Assistant Sec
• retary. Moore, Second Assistant Secre
tary. Adee and Third Assistant Secre
" .tary; • Cridler. They went immediately
; into' the Cabinet room where the Presl
•■• .dent sat in waiting. He had invited to
. pc present the assistant secretaries,
. • I'ruden and Cortleyou, and Lieutenant
' ..Colonel Montgomery. When Embassa
"l :a'6r .Cambon reached the White House
• i.t : was just 3:55 o'clock, five minutes In
3 advance •of the appointed hour.
' •• The rain was still violent and the
Ambassador abandoned his usual cus
. .torn ol alighting at the outer gates of
the executive grounds. He was driven
under the porte cochere, passing
■ . through a cordon of newspaper men be
-fore he and Secretary Thiebaut were
ushered inside. They went directly to
-the library adjoining the Cabinet room
on" the upper floor. At 4:05 they were
' announced to the waiting party in the
•Cabinet room and were ushered into
"' their presence. ;i , '^ c
' " " After an exchange of diplomatic
■ courtesies, without unnecessary loss of
time Assistant Secretary of State Crid
:' lor 'on the part of the United States,
: ' and First Secretary Thiebaut, on the
•part of Spain, retired to a window,
• where there was a critical formal ex
. "'aminatinn of the protocol. This inspec
: tlon had all the outward formalities
" due a document of this importance. It
• was prepared in duplicate at the State
Department, one copy to be retained
• by the United States Government and
• the other to be the property of Spain.
The San Francisco Call
The text is handsomely engrossed in a
running old English script. Each copy j
of the protocol is arranged in double j
columns, French and English standing (
alongside for easy comparison as to j
the exactness of translation. The two
copies are alike, ' except that the one
held by this Ckr\ ernmenr~n&s the Eng
lish text in the first column and the
signature of Secretary Day ahead of
that of M. Cambon, while the copy
transmitted to Spain has French in the
first column and the signature of M.
Cambon ahead of that of Secretary
Day.
The protocol sent to Spain was ac
companied by the ciedentials issued by
President McKinley specially empower
ing the Secretary of State to affix his
signature to the document. The au
thorization was brief and in typewrit
ing, save for the President's character- \
istic bold signature. Later the Ameri
can copy of the protocol will be accom
panied by the written credentials of the
Spanish Government sent to M. Cam- ;
bon and bearing the signature of Queen
Christina.
The cable dispatch received by M.
Cambon to-day conferred full author
ity to sign the protocol and stated that
the written authorization would follow,
signed by the Queen Regent in the
name of the King. Prior to the cere
mony of to-day jM. Thiebaut showed
the cable dispatch to Secretary Day,
and it was accepted as sufficient to en
able the Embassador to sign on behalf
of Spain. When the written authoriza
tion arrives it will be presented to the
State Department to accompany the
protocol.
The examination of the protocol was
j satisfactory and the document was
handed to M. Cambon first and then to
Mr. Day, who affixed signatures in
! that order to each side of the two cop
ies. Then the last detail in making the
protocol binding was administered by
Assistant Secretary Cridler, in charge
of the chancery work, who attached the
seal of the United States.
Throughout the ceremony all but the
two signers remained standing. M.
Cambon, in signing for Spain, occupied
the seat which Secretary of the Navy
Long, now away on a vacation, usually
occupied.
The President stood at the left-hand
corner, at the head of the great Cabinet
table; Secretary Day, M. Thiebaut and
M. Cambon, in the order named, on the
left side of the table. The rest of the
party were standing in other portions
of the room.
No credentials were produced during
the meeting at the White House, the
President accepting Secretary Day's as
surance that this had been settled to
his satisfaction at the State Depart
ment.
It was 4:23 o'clock when the final sig
natures were attached to the protocol,
and, within the knowledge of all offi
cials present, this was the first time
that a treaty or protocol had been
signed at the White House.
As this ceremony was concluded,
Acting Secretary Allen of the Navy
Department, Secretary Alger and Ad
jutant General Corbin appeared, hav
ing been summoned to the White House
by the President, and they were admit
ted into the Cabinet room, Just in sea
son to witness one of the most Impres
sive features of the ceremony, when
the President requested the hand of the
Embassador and through him returned
thanks to the sister republic of France
for the exercise of her good offices in
bringing about peace. . . <
■ He also thanked the Embassador per
sonally for the important part he has
played in this matter, and the latter
replied in suitable terms. As a further
mark of his disposition President Mc-
Kinley called for 1 the proclamation
which he had caused to be drawn up
suspending hostilities and signed it in
the presence of M. Cambon, who , ex
pressed his appreciation of the action.
BAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, AUGUST 13, 1898.
SIGNING' OF THE PROTOCOL OF PEACE IN THE CABINET ROOM AT THE WHITE HOUSE.
PRESIDENT'S PROCLAMATION
SUSPENDING HOSTILITIES
WASHINGTON, August 12.— The President has issued the following proclamation :
By the President of the United States.
A PROCLAMATION.
WHEREAS, A protocol, concluded and signed August 12, 1898, by William R, Day,
Secretary of State of the United States, and his excellency, Jules Cambon, Embassador
Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the republic of France at Washington, respectively
representing for this purpose the Government of the United States and the Government
of Spain, the United States and Spain have formally agreed upon the terms on which
negotiations for the establishment of peace between the two countries shall be under
taken; and
WHEREAS, It is in said protocol agreed that upon its conclusion and signature hos
tilities between the two countries shall be suspended and notice to that effect shall be
given as soon as possible by each Government to the commanders of its military and
naval forces.
Now, therefore, I, William McKinley, President of the United States, do, in accord
ance with the stipulations of the protocol, declare and proclaim on the part of the United
States a suspension of hostilities, and do hereby command that orders be immediately
given through the proper channels to the commanders of the military and naval forces
of the United States to abstain from all acts inconsistent with this proclamation.
In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United
States to be affixed.
Done at the city of Washington, this twelfth day of August, in the year of our Lord
one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, and of the independence of the United
States the one hundred and twenty-third. WILLIAM McKINLEY.
By the President:
WILLIAM R, DAY, Secretary of State.
A copy of the proclamation has been cabled to our army and navy commanders.
Spain will cable her commanders like instructions.
Without delay Acting Secretary Allen
hastened to the telephone and directed
that "cable messages toe immediately
sent to all naval commanders, Dewey in
the Philippines, Sampson at Guanta
namo and the other commandants at
navy yards and stations to cease hos
tilities immediately.
There is also a dispatch-boat at
Hongkong, and it is believed it can
reach General Merrltt in forty-eight
hours at top speed.
On the part of the army, while Secre
tary Alger availed himself of the tele
graph, Adjutant General Corbln braved
the storm and rushed across to the
War Department, where he immediate
ly issued the orders which had been
prepared in advance, to all of the mili
tary commanders, to cease their opera
tions. The State Department fulfilled
its duty by notifying all diplomatic and
consular agents of the action taken.
All the formalities having been dis
posed of, the President spent half an
hour chatting with those present, and
then, at 4:58. the rain still continuing
in force, the Embassador and his secre
tary entered their carriage and were
driven to the embassy.
The pen which was used by Secretary
Day in signing the protocol was given
to Chief Clerk Michael of the State De
partment, who had bespoken it. M.
Thiebaut secured that used by the
French Embassador.
Upon emerging from the White Housa
Secretary Day received the earnest,
congratulations of the persons present
upon the conclusion of the pro
tocol. He stated that the peace com
missioners who are to draw up the defi
nitive treaty would not be appointed
for several days, but declined to indi
cate who they would be.
A TIDAL WAVE FOR
PEACE AT ANY PRICE
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MADRID, Aug. 12.— The wave in fa
vor of peace at any price has assumed
tidal proportions. Nothing can stop it.
As a statesman said to-day: "There
is not a political man in Spain strong
enough to dare suggest a continuation
of the war."
To-night all comment is upon Senor
Sagasta's political triumph and Moret
as the coming man. The court is mak
ing arrangement for going to San Se
bastian and the Ministers to their fa
vorite resorts.
ORDERS ISSUED TO
NAVAL COMMANDERS
WASHINGTON, Aug. 12.— 1n accord
ance with the proclamation issued by
the President suspending hostilities or
ders were issued this evening to naval
commanders at the several stations in
the United States, Cuba and the Phil
ippines carrying into effect the direc
tions of the proclamation. The Navy
Department not only transmitted the
President's proclamation in full to the
several commanders-in-chief, but also
directions as to the disposition of their
vessels.
The following orders are in that sense
self-explanatory:
Navy Department.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 12.
Sampson, Santiago: Suspend all hos
tilities. Blockade of Cuba and Porto
Rico is raised. HoweU ordered to as
semble vessels at Koy West. Proceed
with New York, Brooklyn, Indiana,
Oregon, lowa and Massachusetts to
Tompkinsville. Place monitors in safe
harbor in Porto Rico. Watson trans
fers his flag to Newark and will remain
at Guamanamo. Assemble all cruisers
in safe harbors. Order marines north
in Resolute. ALLEN,
Acting Secretary,
Navy Department.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 12.
Remey, Key West: In accordance
with the President's proclamation to
you, suspend immediately all hostilities.
Commence withdrawal of vessels from
blockade. Order blockading vessels in
Cuban waters to assemble at Key West.
ALLEN, Acting Secretary-
The notification to Admiral Dewey
was not mad*» public, but Assistant
Secretary Allen stated that besides be
ing put in possession of the President's
proclamation he was ordered to cease
hostilities and raise the blockade of
Manila.
In compliance with the orders sent
TERMS OF THE
PEACE PROTOCOL
WASHINGTON, Aug. 12. — The protocol was signed
by Secretary of State Day, representing the United States,
and by M. Cambon, the French Embassador, representing
the Spanish Government.
It provides:
1. That Spain shall relinquish all claim of sovereignty
over and title to Cuba.
2. That Porto Rico and other Spanish islands in the
West Indies and an island in the Ladrones, to be selected
by the United States, shall be ceded to the latter.
3. That the United States shall occupy and hold the
city and bay of Manila pending the conclusion of a treaty of
peace, which shall determine the control, disposition and
government of the Philippines.
4. That Cuba, Porto Rico and other Spanish islands in
the West Indies shall be immediately evacuated and that
commissioners be appointed within ten days, who shall,
within thirty days from the signing of the protocol, meet at ;
Havana and San Juan respectively to arrange and execute ,
the details of the evacuation. '
5. That the United States an! Spain shall each appoint ,
not more than five commissioners to negotiate and con- 1
elude a treaty of peace. The commissioners are to meet at |
Paris, not later than the Ist of October.
6. On the signing of the protocol hostilities will be sus
pended, and notice to- that effect will be given as soon as
possible by each Government to the commanders of its mili
tary and naval forces.
The above is the official statement of the protocol's ,
contents, as prepared and given to the press by Secretary
Day.
Admiral Sampson and Commodore
Remey will each send a vessel around
the coast of Cuba to notify the block
ading squadron that the blockade has
been raised. Admiral Schley, being on
the Brooklyn and included in the or
ders to that vessel, will come north
with her. .
SHAFTER RECEIVES
THE PROCLAMATION
WASHINGTON, Aug. 12.— At 11
o'clock to-night Adjutant General Cor
bin received from General Shafter an
acknowledgment of the receipt by him
of the proclamation of the President.
Up to midnight no reply has been re
ceived from General Miles, it having
been impossible to get into communica
tion with him.
In response to the notification sent
to General Fitzhugh Lee, the former
Consul General at Havana wired the
War Department: "Thanks; the Sev
enth Corps has ceased firing. Unoffi
cial."
It is well understood that General
Lee's command was being reserved
for the attack on Havana, if the neces
sity for one should arise. As an official
of the War Department expressed it
to-night. "It was a bit of the sarcasm
of fate that Lee did not have a part in
the active operations in Cuba or Porto
Rico."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The text of General Shatter's reply is
as follows:
SANTIAGO DE CUBA. Aug. 12.—Adjut
ant General. Washington: Received mes
sage as to peace negotiations being about
concluded. Will notify Spanish at Hol
gutn by courier to-morrow and Manzanillo
and Cienfuegos by wire, and will try to
get- Havana. Will also notify all Cuban
Forces I can reach. SHAFTER.
A SPANISH NOTE
ON THE PROTOCOL
MADRID, Aug. 12, 10 a. m.— The
question of the acceptance of the pro
tocol having been finally settled and it 3
signature explicitly and definitely au
thorized, the Government is now con
sidering the domestic situation for the
best means of allaying the excitement
and propagating the idea that Spain's
surrender is not so complete as indicat
ed by the bald terms of the protocol. As
the first/step in this direction, a semi
official tote has been issued. It is as
follows:
"The Government is of the opinion
that the most critical period of the
peace negotiations has now arrived, as
it depends upon the arrangement of
details as to whether the peace will be
more or less advantageous. Spain
wishes to preserve her sovereignty over
Continued on Second Pag*.2
AMERICAN NAVY'S
RANKING OFFICER
YIELDS TO DEATH
Passing of Rear Admiral Kirkland
From the Effects of an
Operation,
Summoned on the Day When the Dawn of
Peace Would Have Permitted His
Retirement.
VALLEJO, Aug. 12 —The death of '
Rear Admiral Kirkland. which oc- ;
curred at his home at Mure Island
at 7 o'clock this evening, closes a no- ;
table career. Up to the 2d of last
month he was the ranking officer of the
United States navy and on that day he
was entitled to retire, having served ;
forty-eight years under the flag. The '
necessities of war bade otherwise, how- j
ever, and the admiral was retained on
duty at Mare Island, though he had \
often expressed the wish that peace ;
■would come, that he might be relieved j
end obtain the rest which he so richly
deserved. This was not to be, and his
splendid career was closed by death
on the very day when peace was as
sured and his rest was in sight. It is j
a strange coincidence, but a fitting 1 end j
for the noble old seamaoi whose life j
had been given to the Government.
The patient rested more easily last
night than at any time since the oper
ation was performed early in the week,
and Dr. Hibbett, who had been with
him, believed that he would recover, i
Evidence of exhaustion developed dur^
ing the morning and was quite pro- |
nounced at 1 o'clock this afternoon. |
when Drs. Waggener and Hibbett made j
a careful examination. At 2 o'clock it j
was evident to the surgeons that dis- j
solution was near, and the family was I
notified to prepare for the worst.
Mrs. Kirkland, the admiral's son and i
daughter, W. A. Kirkland Jr. and Mrs. ;
Quackenbush, were called, and remain- '
ed at his bedside until the end. Rev. |
Father Thompson was summoned from
Vallejo, and the dying man was given
the last sacraments of the Catholic i
church.
At 5 o'clock he became unconspious,
apparently relapsing into peaceful
sleep. He continued to breathe easily
and apparently without pain until 7
o'clock, when he passed away without
a struggle.
The funeral probably will take place
on Sunday from St. Vincent's Church
in this city. The remains will be placed
temporarily in a vault and later will
be shipped to Brooklyn, N. V., where
they will be finally interred.
Admiral Kirkland was one of nature's
noblemen, and his death is a loss to
the country. He was the ranking offi
cer in the navy and was very popular
: "with all his subordinates. He was a
typical seaman — frank and open-heart
ed and always a true and faithful pub
lic servant. During the war he has
been continually at his desk, and the
strain upon his system, together with
his advanced age, tended to weaken
his once splendid physique, and <he
exhaustion due to a severe operation
was more than he could stand.
CAREER OF REAR
ADMIRAL KIRKLAND
Saw Service as Midshipman on the
California Coast in the Early
Fifties.
William A. Kirkland was born in
North Carolina 62 years ago. He enter
ed Annapolis in 1850, and after gradu
ating made his first cruise on the sloop
of-war Portsmouth, which was attach
ed to the Pacific squadron. Thus young
Kirkland, as a midshipman, saw service
on the California coast and in the har
bor of San Francisco before the navy
yard at Mare Island was established.
During the years following his experi
ence in the navy was as uneventful as
usual in times of peace. "When the war
broke out he was a lieutenant and at
tached to the steamer Pulaski, off the
Brazil coast.
The following year he was promoted
to lieutenant commander and assigned
to the Jamestown in the China station.
In 1864 he was commanding the ironclad
"Winnebago, in the Western Gulf squad
ron. He took part in the movements
against Mobile, which resulted in the
capture of that city. In 1869 he was com
missioned commander and in 1880 pro
moted to captain. In 1893 he became a
commodore and two years later a rear
admiral. In June, 1896, he was assigned
to the command of Mare Island. When
the present war broke out he Avas the
ranking rear admiral in the navy,
which position he continued to hold
until the 3d of July last, when by the
age limit he went on the retired list.
He was continued in the command of
Mare Island, however, under special
order of the President up to the time of
his death.
Rear Admiral Kirkland was the last
of the class of the naval academy of
1850 to retire from active service. Of
the twenty-one graduates with Kirk
land only Rear Admirals Beardsley,
Carpenter, Potter, Ramsey and Walker
remain, and they have all been on the
retired list for some time.
In the earlier days of the navy up to
the war of the Rebellion the midship
men spent most of their time at sea.
and the apprenticeship as officers and
subsequent junior service was chiefly in
cruising vessels, and this accounts for
the many years of. sea service which
the older officers have as a rule to
their credit, and Kirkland headed
all of his class with a record of 23 years
9 months at sea out of a total service of
47 years and 11 months.
Kirkland's first war experience was
at the age of 27 years, as lieutenant
commander, and serving as navigating
officer of the United States steam sloop
Wyoming under the command of Com
mander David McDougal, when that
gallant officer engaged the batteries
and armed vessels at Slmonosaki, Ja
pan, in July, 1863, and gave the Japa
nese rebels a wholesome lesson. Of the
officers' shipmates with Kirkland, only
Pay Inspector George Cochrane and
Chief Engineer Philip Inch are yet liv
ing and in active service. Returning
home he served with credit through the
war, and at its conclusion solicited and
readily obtained sea service on the
South Atlantic station, and where he
lmost constantly served for nearly 20
ears. His only sea service away from
.Montevideo and its attractions was
while in command of the Europeon sta
tion from April 30, 1894, to November 12,
1895. The usual period of command is
two years, but Kirkland and the Demo
cratic administration did not harmon
ize; there was nothing of a diplomat
about Kirkland, and his bluff, honest
candor was not what Cleveland and his
Cabinet wanted in dealing with the
Turks and Armenians. The admiral
made himself obnoxious to the mission
aries, whom he is said to have called
"a bad lot." This alleged unparlia
mentary and undiplomatic remark,
coupled with rumors of his uncourte
ous behavior toward Emperor William
at the Kiel canal festivities, gave his
enemies in the Navy Department an
opportunity to cause his recall. The
incident with the Kaiser is said to have
occurred when the Emperor expressed
the wish of his brother to visit the flag
ship Chicago. When the request was
made known to Kirkland he replied,
'Well, trot him along; I'll be glad to see
him."
While it is highly improbable that
Admiral Kirkland should forget the
courtesy due to a crowned head it is on
the other hand characteristic of the
man. His language was usually forci
ble, and it was impossible to misunder
stand his meaning. His direct way of
getting at matters and in expressing
his views were startling to people
whose nerves were in a weak state or
whose life had been spent in Washing
ton, where straightforwardness is any
thing but likely to make an officer pop
ular.
The fact was that Kirkland hated any
roundabout way, that he despised tem
porizing, and had a contempt for sham,
and wherever he discovered it was
quick to let the offender know that he
was found out. He wss entirely im
partial in his intercourse with people
of all classes, and officers and enlisted
men, as well as civilians, were all treat
ed in the same way. Yet he was liked
by all who came in contact with him
and who did not attempt to impose
upon him. No doubt there are some who
would prefer to be out of his reach and
control, and that civil engineer at
League Island, of whom Kirkland said
that "he," the civil engineer, "was the
d st fool he had ever seen, is prob
ably one of Kirkland's non-admirers.
He had very little shore duty at navy
yards, the only notable one being on the
receiving ship Vermont, at the New
York yard, 1887-88. It was while there
that he got himself disliked by the poli
ticians for restricting the indiscrimin
ate use of the yard ferry boat by all
sorts of people, and Bill Frey, Ned Ca
hill and other Democratic leaders got
even on him by having him transferred.
His last cruise closed in Novenmber,
1895, and he has had command of the
Mare Island Navy Yard since July,
1896. On July 3 last he was retired for
age, but continued on active duty.
Sixty-two years of age to a man like
Kirkland, with a splendid physique and
carefully tended body and mind, was
less perceptible than fifty years to
many other officers, and but for his en
emy — rheumatism — he would have made
a record as a fighting officer at retiring
age second to no younger one in the
service.
HISTORIC
SCENE 111 THE
WHITE HOUSE
Continued from First Page.
the whole of the Philippines, to which
she proposes to accord all political and
administrative reforms consistent with
the maintenance of her sovereignty.
"In regard to the evacuation of Cuba
and Porto Rico it will be asked that
the army be allowed to depart honor
ably, and that assurances be giv?=n
guaranteeing that Spanish and foreign
interests will not suffer. The army,
which has not been conquered, will re
turn to Spain with Its guns, arms and
munitions.
"In regard to the Cuban debt, as the
United States refuses to assume it.
Spain will endeavor to arrange with
the Cuban treasury to pay It when the
island is able.
"The question of a treaty of com
merce will lead to considerable discus
sion, and the matter will be submitted
to a commission of diplomatists, under
the presidency of Senor Castillo."
The protocol will be published simul
taneously in the official gazettes here
and in Washington.
The commission to meet in the West
Indies will be composed, it is under
stood, of military officers, and it is be
lieved here that this commission will
pave the way for commercial treaties
and for the recognition by the United
States or Cuba of a portion of the Cu
ban debt.
The suggestion that Senor Moret, for
mer Minister for the Colonies, may pre
side over the Paris commission, is not
very popular. Various names are men
tioned in connection with the commis
sion's personnel, but nothing has yet
been settled as to this.
Senor Sagasta has again assured the
Queen Regent that he does not fear
Carlist trouble, and the Carlists them
selves appear to recognize that the
country is not in the temper that would
support a Carlist rising. They are
speculating on the return of the dis
contented army, hoping for mischief
then.
PEACE COMMISSIONERS
NOT YET DECIDED UPON
NEW YORK, Aug. 12.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
sends the following': President McKin
ley is not yet ready to announce the
peace commissioners. He haa practi
cally selected five men who will repre
sent the United States on the joint
commission, but he is still waiting to
hear definitely from some of them as
to whether It will be possible for them
to accept before announcing their
names. Secretary Day, who will head
the administration commissioners, is
now the only one who can be said with
any certainty to have been selected.
Former Secretary of the Navy Tracy
will probably be named as one commis
sioner.
By the terms of the protocol the
President has ten days in which to ap
point commissioners to arrange with
the Spanish commissioners for the
evacuation of Cuba and Porto Rico,
and then the commissioners have
twenty days more in which to assemble
THE SAIST FKAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 13, 1898.
THE LATE REAR ADMIRAL WILLIAM A. KIRKLAND.
at Havana and San Juan to arrange
and execute the details of the evacua
tion. There will be three commission
ers for Cuba and three for Porto Rico —
two army officers and one navy officer
being appointed on each commission.
While no positive announcement of
names can be made to-night it is prob
able that the Commissioners for Cuba
will be Major General James F. Wade,
Major General Fitzhugh Lee and Rear
Admiral Winfleld S. Schley, and that
those for Porto Rico will be Major Gen
eral John R. Brooke. Brigadier General
Guy V. Henry and Captain William M.
Folger.
MAYAGUEZ PAPER ON
THE FALL OF THE CITY
Special Cable to The Call and the New Tork
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gor
don Bennett.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, Aug. 12.— An
official notice says: La Gurnicion, a
newspaper of Mayaguez, issued to-day,
says that Colonel Soto, military com
mander of Mayaguez, after a fight with
| the American troops, retired to a point
I outside the city on the opposite side to
: that on which the American forces en
j tered. The paper admits that a critical
j state of affairs exists.
George William Crawford, retiring
British Consul, left here to-day for Ja
; maica, being taken out in a boat to the
! ship which brought his successor here.
When the new Consul was coming in
guns on the plaza were fired in salute.
Many citizens thought that another
! bombardment had been begun and hur
ried to the country.
FREEDMAN HALSTED.
IMMUNES RELIEVING
TROOPS AT SANTIAGO
WASHINGTON, Aug. 12.— The War De
partment has received, the following:
SANTIAGO, via Haytf, Aug. 12.— Adjutant
General, Washing-ton: St. Louis left the Morro
(luring the niffht of the 11th with the Ninth
and Tenth Infajitry and two companies of the
Seventy-first New York. The St. Paul should
have left Guantanamo last nipht >>r this morn
ing with the Second Infantry, four companies
of the Seventy-first New York and General
Kent, with his headquarters staff. The Mor
teno leaves in a very few minutes with the
Twenty-first Infantry. The Rio Grande, with
Colonel Sargent's iregiment on board, has Just
arrived. SHAFTER.
Sargent's regiment is the Second
Regiment of Immunes.
McKinley Warmly Congratulated.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 12.— President
McKinley has been the recipient to
night of warm congratulations from all
parts of the country on the successful
termination of the war.
SAYS THE FIGHT WILL
NOT BE PREVENTED
BUFFALO, Aug. 12.— Charles M. Wil
son, manager and secretary of the
Hawthorne Athletic Club, said to-day
that he would continue to make pre
parations for the Corbett-McCoy con
test regardless of the letter read at the
ministers' meeting yesterday, in which
the Sheriff declared his Intention to
stop the fight.
Mr. Wilson said that he had antici
pated Just such a fuss and had secured
the best legal advice in New York and
this city, and added that in not one
instance had his club violated a law,
nor did it intend to violate any. He
said that the»fluestion had been aired
in court, and that no lawyer would be
foolish enough to fight the case over
again. The only harm that could come
to the club was that a few out-of-town
people might be scared away. No ef
fort will be made to evade the law. It
is not necessary, Mr. Wilson says.
SHOT THE PRISONERS
TO AVERT A FAMINE
Unburied Corpses Found at Guam by
the Americans Explained by
the Governor.
TACOMA, Wash., Aug. 12.— The Ori
ental steamer Victoria arriving here to
day brings the following Oriental ad
vices: A Japanese paper prints a story
to the effect that the Americans at
Guam found a number of unburied
corpses. The Governor innocently ex
plained they were bodies of prisoners
sent him from Manila. Provisions were
short and some 150 of them were or
dered out to be shot as the easiest way
out of the difficulty.
NOYO'S CAPTAIN DIES AT SEA.
Steamer Arrives at Seattle With Her
Flag at Half-Mast.
SEATTLE, Aug. 12.— The steam schoon
er Noyo arrived here to-night from St.
Michael with her flag at half mast, in
dicating the death of her captain, H.
Edgett, who died at sea of Brlght's dis
ease. He was buried at Unalaska. The
Noyo had about thirty passengers, twenty
of whom were from Dawson. They had
but a small amount of gold, the majority
of them having gone in this spring and
failed to find a fortune.
POPE LEO RECOVERS.
His Holiness Sufficiently Strong to
Resume Audiences.
ROME, Aug. 12.— The Pope has recov
ered his health. He arose at 9 o'clock
this morning and conferred for a half
hour with M. Lapponi, after which he
received Cardinal Rampollia the Papal
Secretary of State. During the afternoon
the Pontiff received others in audience.
DEBRIS UTTERS
THE TIDE LANDS
Summerland Men Yet
Wielding Axes.
RAILWAY PROPERTY RAZED
SOUTHERN PACIFIC OFFERING
NO RESISTANCE.
Agent Treadwell Seeks the Assist
ance of the State Attorney
General to Oust the
Owners of Wells.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA, Aug. 12— The
destruction of the Southern Pacific
Company's property at Summerland
continues. This morning what few
piles remained to J. B. Treadwell. the
Southern Pacific Company's agent, on
the beach, were chopped down by men
employed by the riparian owners. They
are constantly on the watch and every
thing: that the Southern Pacific Com
pany puts up on the land in front of
their property destroyed.
This morning men were employed by
William Moore chopping down all piles
placed in front of his wells. No re
sistance was offered by Tread well's
men, though it was expected, and the
riparian owners were ready for any
that might come.
No arrests have been made thus far,
although threats of such procedure
have been made. The local attorney for
the Southern Pacific Company followed
Treadwell, who left yesterday, to San
Francisco. Treadwell is supposed to
have gone ot obtain reinforcements
from the Attorney General. The plan
of the corporation seems to be twofold:
First, to get the Attorney General to
give the company authority to run over
State tide lands across Summerland's
front; second, to get him to institute
proceedings in the name of the people
to drive out the persons owning beach
wells, under a shadowy claim that H.
L. Williams, the founder of Summer
land and the man who first developed
the oil industry in this region, gave the
beach as a street, though it is impas
sable a great part of the time and is
separated from Summerland by pre
cipltious bluffs. This attempt is a mere
bluff on the part of the Southern Pacific
Company and cannot ultimately suc
ceed.
The affair is being talked of on the
streets and in the clubs, and general
indignation is expressed at this high
handed proceeding of a grasping cor
poration.
At a late hour this afternoon there
remained no property belonging to the
Southern Pacific Company on the beach
or State lands, and what seemed to be
peace prevailed. The next move of the
corporation will be watched with much
interest, both by citizens of Summer
land and Santa Barbara.
OFFICERS AND OUTLAWS
IN A RUNNING FIGHT
Deputy Sheriff and Bandit Slain in a
Battle Near Breckin
ridge, Cola.
DENVER, Aug. 12.— A special to the
Republican from Breckinridge, Colo.,
says: A well-planned hold-up took
place here in the Denver Hotel, but
owing to the alarm caused by the acci
dental discharge of a shotgun held by
one of the three robbers, their move
ments were so hurried that they did not
go through the safe or cash regrister,
and only secured about $50 in money
from a till, several gold watches and
other jewelry.
This afternoon Sheriff Detwiler and a
posse encountered the robbers near
Kokomo and a running fight took place.
One of the robbers, Steve Ryan, ig re
ported killed, and another, Dick Man
ley, badly wounded. Charles Ryan was
captured by the posse and another man
by the name of Ryan, suspected of
being implicated in the robbery, Is still
at large, but is being pursued by the
posse.
Ex-Deputy Sheriff M. E. Conrad, one
of the posse, was killed in the fight, and
Sumner Whitney, another member,
was seriously wounded. Conrad for
merly resided in Pennsylvania, where
his parents are now.
Reports received here ai midnierht
are to the effect that small bodies of
armed men are coming into Kokomo
from the neighboring camps for the
purpose of lynching Manley should his
wounds not prove fatal.
Railroad Catastrophe in Italy.
GENOA, Italy, Aug. 12.— 1n a collision
yesterday evening between a passenger
train and a freight train near Ponte De
cimo nine persons were killed and forty
seriously wounded.
REIGN OF TERROR
EXISTS IN CHINA
Three Rebellions in as
Many Provinces.
PEKING GOVERNMENTIN PERIL
FRIGHTFUL ATROCITIES ARE
PERPETRATED.
Magistrate at Paklauo Burned Alive
With Kerosene and His Family-
Butchered and Thrown,
Into a River.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Wash., Aug. 12. — The
steamer Victoria, arriving to-day from
China, brings news that the three re
bellions in progress within the empire
are still spreading, with prospects of
■~'i H V" -•■•-'' cuiisociuences to the Peking
Government. The most formidable re
bellion is in Kwangsi Province, around
Wuchow. Another embraces the Chihli
and Shantung provinces, while Saech
uan is disturbed by a third.
Shanghai received news late in July
that riots had commenced in Szechuan,
being directed against foreigners and
the Peking Government. The American,
English and French missions in that
province had been attacked and several
native Christians killed. Father Freu
ry. head of the French missions, was
carried into captivity by the notorious
brigand Sumanzu and 4000 armed fol
lowers. The French mission offered
10,000 taels ransom, but the brigands
want more.
Riots and disturbances have occurred
at eleven towns in Kwangsi Province.
The magistrate at Paklauo offered a
reward for the capture of the rebel
chieftain in that neighborhood. The
chief immediately captured the magis
trate, poured kerosene over him and set
fire to it. His family was butchered
and flung into the river. Two magis
trates are shut up in Yung Un, which
the rebels have besieged. If captured
they will be burned.
Komuk, the celebrated Chinese gen
eral sent against the rebels of Kwangsi,
has killed 400 of them. Many of their
mutilated corpses have been floating
down West River past Wuchow, whose
local Council offers a reward for each
rebel's body recovered. Wuchow is ter
rorized despite General Kom's success
and trade with disturbed districts has
stopped. In fact the rebels are permit
ting no boats to leave Wuehow's sub
urbs. Below Wuchow traffic is almost
suspended because of pirates, who- have
lately captured two vessels. All rich
men are sending their families out of
Wuchow.
FURTHER ATTEMPTS TO
INTIMIDATE HOOLEY
George Lawson Johnstone Threatens
the Promotor and Has to
Apologize in Court.
LONDON, Aug. 12.— When the exam
ination of Ernest T. Hooley, the com
pany promoter. In bankruptcy proceed
ings was resumed to-day, Mr. Hooley, who
has been suffering from sickness, unex
pectedly attended in spite of his physi
cian's order and created an intense sen
sation by Informing the Registrar that,
while entering court, George Lawson
Johnstone, a son of John Lawson John
stone of Kingwood, Kent, approached
him, drew him to one side and said:
"If you say a.nything further about us
I shall enter the witness box and state
what I know about your wife's funds."
Mr. Hooley added: "I cut him across
the head with a stick."
The Registrar thereupon directed Mr.
Hooley and his counsel to forthwith pro
ceed to Justice Wright's court and to
enter a charge of contempt against Mr.
Johnstone.
Before the court adjourned George
Lawson Johnstone entered the witness box
and apologized for the incident earlier in
the day. After the apology the Registrar
allowed the matter to drop.
Captain Clark to Visit Cheyenne.
CHEYENNE, Aug. 12.—Captain Clark
of the battle-ship Oregon is expected in
Cheyenne for a two weeks' visit to his
brother-in-law, N. R. Davis, in a few
days.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
It's Hot
You feel all played out, weak and de-
bilit ted because your blood is impov-
erished. Hood's Sarsaparilla is the best
summer medicine you can take because
it enriches and vitalizes the blood and
takes away that tired and languid feel-
ing, creates a good appetite and gives
refreshing sleep. A small amount in-
vested in Hood's Sarsaparilla will yield
rich returns in increased vigor and vi-
tality.
Hoods Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. $1; 6 for $5.
j Hood's Pills cure Liver Ills. 25 cents.
BOMBARDMENT OF
MANZANILLO BY
SAMPSON'S SHIPS
Fight Reported to Have Occurred
Just Before Peace Articles
Were Signed.
NEW YORK, Aug. 12.— The Washington correspondent of the Her
ald-telegraphs: Acording to Secretary Allen, the Navy Department
received a dispatch to-night notifying him that the naval force sent
by Admiral Samnson had appeared in the harbor of Manzanillo and
demanded its surrender. The commandant of the city declined to com
ply with the demand, and an engagement took place, which is said to
have resulted in a victory for the Americans.
The fight at Manzanillo was begun at 4 o'clock, twenty-three min
utes before the protocol was signed, by a bombardment by the fleet.
It was reported to-night that marines have been landed, but the dis
patches received by General Greely from the Signal Office at Playa
del Este make no such statement.
At the Navy Department it is said that the only vessels at Man
zanillo are some small blockading ships, which could not have con
ducted the operations described in the message. It is said Admiral
Sampson is at Guantanamo and that Captain Goodrich, with the
Newark, Scorpion and Suwanee, is in the vicinity of the Isle of Pines
and that therefore neither of those officers could have had any
thing to do with the engagement.
In view of the signing of the protocol to-day and the suspension
of hostilities every effort was made by the authorities to stop the fight
at Manzanillo. A dispatch was sent by Adjutant General Corbin to
Santiago directing General Shafter to get into communication with
Manzanillo as soon as possible and inform the naval commanders
there that hostilities were over. A dispatch was sent by the Navy
Department to Key West also, to be forwarded to Manzanillo, and it
can be confidently stated General Blanco has telegraphed to the Span
ish commander at Manzanillo.
OUR FLAG FLIES
OVER MAYAGUEZ
Stirring Scenes Attend
Its Raising.
PEOPLE WILDLY JUBILANT
CUSTOM-HOUSE TAKEN AND THE
PORT OPENED.
General Schwan Will Continue His
March. Toward Lares — Porto
Rico's Conquest Soon to
Be Completed.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gor
don Dennett.
PONCE, Porto Rico, Aug. 12.—Stir
ring scenes were witnessed last nig"ht,
when the American troops, under com
mand of General Schwan, marched into
Mayaguez and raised the national col
ors over another important part of the
island General Schwan and his men
were welcomed with wild acclaim by
the residents of the place. The Spanish
troops, after their engagement with
General Schwan's advance guard in the
morning, retreated from Mayaguez,
permitting our troops to take peaceful
possession.
As soon as the Spanish flag had been
lowered and the Stars and Stripes
raised over the city General Schwan
took possession of the Custom-house,
opened the port and set the place in
order. In all this work he met with
little tremble. General Schwan, in har
mony with the plans of General Miles,
will now march toward Lares, from
which place he will proceed directly to
Arecibo. General Miles, with General
Stone and General Henry and their di
visions, will meet General Schwan's di
vision in Arecibo and the conquest of
the island will be completed with the
march to San Juan, to which point the
troops to the northeast of Ponce, under
General Brooke, will advance while
the other divisions are marching from
Arecibo.
TASMANIA HOTEL HORROR.
VANCOUVER, B. C, 12.— The
steamer Aorangi brings Australian ad
vices up to July 16. On the night of
July 11 the Criterion Hotel at Gormans
ton, Tasmania, was destroyed by nre and
six inmates were burned to death in their
bed" The proprietor of the hotel, Mr.
Lynch, with his wife and family, barely
escaped in their night clothes.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' .';.-.
TELITnG TOO MUCH!
We may be too free with advice when we ray if other dealers would sell
at the prices we quote and as good articles all along the line they would be
as busy from morning until night as we are. Price and quality will make it
tell. If dealers cannot buy to sell at our prices let them come to us with
their cash and we will show them how to do it. The days of big profits are
• past arid gone. - .
DRUGSTORE BARGAINS. "GOOD=BYE" BARGAINS.
: Fleas Flee, liquid, excellent, not 25c... 10c Bicycles, men's, complete, high grade..... $">5
Suspensory Bandages, not 35c :.... 20c Stoves. $12, Jewett, parlor, for coal 15
Wright's Tooth Soap, not 25c. .....:... ..16c Stoves. 36-inch box, for large r00m........ $5
Hungarian Cosmetique, not 25c 8c j Churn. No. 4 box, little shopworn. '$i
Harlem Oil, not 10c 5c I Pacific Incubator, 120 eggs "i 9
Klondike Frost Bite, not 25c .'...10 c Saddle* for men. few only j $3 75
Krauee's Headache Capsules, not 25c... 16c Saddles for boys, few only $2 17
Mother Cary' Salve, not 25c 10c Head Stalls, heavy leather, each.....;" . in c
No-to-bac, $1 sUe ......'. ; ......50c Tea Scales for family use ...... j ""75c
i-Mlnute Toothache Drops.. .Jc ! Knives and Forks, wood handles, 6 each " Jl
Pawnee "Worm Destroyer lj>c | Freezers, best, 2-quart, family size.. '.'."h
Kirby's Belladonna Porous Plasters .....sc I Tubs, wooden, for family u5e.......... """'boc
Kirby's Liver Pills, not 25c 8c | Folding Stoves for Klondike .'. '.'.'.5150
THIRD FLOOR BARGAINS. SECOND FLOOR BARGAINS.
S_sSlßT^iSr^- »£ ar:::::::| I S^^j^liSgSS
Cawlmare Cutaway Suits. 34, 35. 36, $12. now $6 Toothbrushes for children ..... c
Men's $2 50 Hats, colors, on harirain counter \ Nailbrushes, strong and g00d.......'.'.'..." ...'Jc
Boys' Little Suits. 3to 7. not $3 75, but .$1 50. 1 Clothesbnishes not 3..c. but.... 10c
Men's Shirts or Drawers, 40, 42. gray -.2»c Face Powders the high grades ....170
$150 real value Bed Spreads, now ....$1 Face Powders. l.£ kind .....7o
Short lengths Brussels Carpet 38c Slate and Flag Pencil 5c
Wall Paper. 25c quality, broken lots 10c 10-foot Bunting Flags for schools... $3
Hand Satchels, look worth $1.......... ........ 40c ' Lather Brushes, lots of them........... ...60
Ask for the best cook book for Klondike foods; free with every order.
Ask for our new list of fishing tackle at, 50 cents on the dollar.
Ask for our $65 five-drawer family sewing machine; $20 this month.
Ask for complete list of infants' wear, summer or winter goods.
/ Our shipments to foreign ports on steamers to-day are thirty tons.
Guaranteed to keep indefinitely; money-back f§!fip M HLfl tHiB- V
goods; economical, world-renowned in quality. ~B8«|| Blfltf ! m E^^bl
These are less then half the real price value: %/^H |^S 9 PI ra 13 _v Y_P
Soup in packages. 6 plates to each 5c HE aS fcJ" Ea PJ^
Erbswurst, %-R> 10c, 1-It> packages..".. 20c .; . --i - - - — ~~
Julienne, V-lt. ISc, l-!t> packages 25c r* #_. BJ fi>_ll/t ~1-" '
Beef Capsules, best, 3c. dozen -.3j>c »*_V% -T-i S> i BJr^ff.
Meals in H-It> packages, all kinds 10c ~ " — • "— ' ■ ■ V^ ■ Vr\«^
.Meals In l-tt> tins, all kind 5............ 200 . _.,.,. . ■ . _ . v ."
Fine for family use, as weil as for miners, .' 0~. O7 !VI nn Q. - H. C
navigators and campers. %O-_7 Market Ot., O» ■.!*•,.
DIE FROM EATING
POISONED CANDY
Fatal Sweets Sent in the
Mails.
TWO WOMEN THE VICTIMS
ONE THE WIFE OF A FORMER
SAN FRANCISCAN.
Sad and Mysterious Passing of Mrs.
J. Polk Deane and Mrs. J.
Preston Dunning at
Dover, Del.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DOVER, Del., Aug. 12.— Mrs. J. Polk
Deane of this place and her sisterf Mrs.
J. P. Dunning, are dead, the result of
poisoning from eating candy. Mrs.
Dunning was the wife of J. Preston
Dunning, the well-known Associated
Press correspondent, recently of San
Francisco, now in Porto Rico, and both
women were daughters of ex-Congress
man John B. Pennington.
The candy came through the mails on
Wednesday. The postmark on the box
was illegible, but the package was sup
posed by Mrs. Dunning to have been
sent by a lady friend in San Francisco.
After opening the box Mrs. Dunning
handed it to those sitting on the porch.
No illness was experienced by any of
the party until they had retired for the
night, when Mrs. Deane was taken ill
%vlth a violent vomiting spell. Mrs.
Dunning also later in th% evening be
came sick. Toward morning Mrs.
Deane's daughter was taken ill, as were
also a grandson and Miss Bateman and
Miss Milllngton.
Mrs. Deane died last night and Mrs.
Dunning at 9 o'clock to-night.
While the others who partook of the
candy are still suffering from its ill
effects it is thought all will recover.
It has not yet been ascertained who
sent the candy through the mail. The
candy remaining uneaten will be ana
lyzed. ________________
AN APPEAL FROM AUSTRALIA
Sydney's American Colony Believes
in Retaining the Philippines.
SYDNEY, N. S. W., Aug. 12.— The mem
bers of the American colony, through the
United States Consul, have cabled to
Washington, praying the Government
there to retain possession of the Philip
pine Islands.REAR ADMIRAL MILLER ARRIVES
AT HAWAII TO HOIST THE FLAG
SAD THE RETURN
OF LILIUOKALONI
TO HER PEOPLE
With Tears ar>d Wailing tfys Gentle
Hawaiiaos Greet Their
former Sovereign.
EX-QUEEN LILIUOKALANI of the Kingdom of Hawaii.
BY ALICE RIX.
HONOLULU, Aug. 2. via Victoria,
B <' Aug. 12.— A little after
midnight the Gaelic was sighted
off Koko Head and Honolulu
awakened slowly to wbb
hone bells and messenger calls
cal- ■vv h'-'-ls and t'.u- h'lnru' coming of
:-. liliuokalani. A little party of royal
ist? with heart? faithful to a lost cause
made all the stir. The rest of Hono-
lulu turned on its pillows and slept
•again the sleep of r*'^-c c and satisfied
ties, undisturbed by melancholy
.dreams of a Queen's home coming to
. the land no longer hers.
All this is for royalists and natives
to lie awake and to rise between small
: hours' to sadly celebrate.
,"■':' v was believed the natives would
: .rnak spine demonstration on the ar
rival of the ex-Queen. Annexatlonists
: are fond of saying that the hatchet is
buried, that there are no more royal-
.Jsts; that the easy Hawaiian nature
has accepted the inevitable and in good
. tljne will" cheer the alien flag and join
..in the singing of "America" out of
sheer, joy of cheering over anything.
But in truth the native heart is full of
bjtterness and grief; there are royalists
unnumbered and unsoothftd by the
pteasure of defeat; the hatchet is mere
ly fallen !nt'> powerless hands and
Whatever Time, good Time, may do for
the Hawaiian*, these little weeks have
tx.rne no obvious fruit.
A large class of natives— those living
r.n th*- other islands, th- more < hildish
and ig-norant of these at Oahu— have
•ted the fact of annexa
. tior.. 7ears Of convulsive politics have
ated them gradually to an idea of
i ■ • nt as a series of shifting con
•' .fill-ions in whose final happy adjust
their chiefs would necessarily
'ha;ve part and power. A forlorn hope
..•VStaJlMd them that the home coming
of' Liliuokalani might turn destiny
With the instinct of allegiance
chief deep-rooted in the race it
rd for this people to realize the
• urtimportance of a queen. From the
: h. formed of her people the cer
.' ta|nty and the sadness of her new fall
from dignity have brought her a
'boundl'-ss pympcthy, in which her
..faulti ■ n :>r<- almost f< rgotton.
Lllluokalani ruled her people neither
>•• nor w-ij. Acording to the tra
ditions of a race accustomed to yield
: crice, to recognize the divine right
of kings to rule, a Queen whose obstin
.. Rt-e policy gained a republic for Ha-
YaH and lost Kaiulanl a throne could
. not be called a rood Queen. Friend
and foe and the cold record of their
hot disputes attribute to the mistakes
.of .her reign the hastening of the end.
Hut in the hour of their common
grief her people do not remind her of
her responsibility in the common loss.
There Is no party feeling. There are
ho political interests to divide the sen
tlm.-nts of Hawaiians. It is the heart
of Hawaiians that bleeds. Queen and
commoner mourn the fall of the Ha
waiian flag, and in touching tribute to
..a' chief, in this day when chiefs must
yield, the people set h.-r Morrow before
their own. Stripped of crown, throne,
dignities, title, prospects, she has the
a-loha of their hearts. Her name is
t<j.ok'-n everywhere in love and pity and
respect. Her sa.fe return was asked of
heaven In two tongues and out of a
great anxiety.
The little red fish which herald mis
fortune to royalty have come in schools
Into Honolulu harbor since t"ae sailing
of the Gaelic from San Francisco.
Word has been Rent from the other
islands that the red fish have been seen
about the harbora there. News came
by an earlier steamer that the Queen
had been ill at Washington and again
at Sati Francisco. The native imagina
tion was stirred to its depths of super
stition and the home-coming of Kala
kaua was remembered; but although
Liliuokalani is in ill health and has put
herself at once under the care of phy
sicians, she greeted the faithful who
gathered to welcome her in the flesh
and held a reception to intimate friends
and old retainers immediately on her
arrival at her home in Washington
Place.
The expected demonstration did not
take place at the dock. The crowd,
silent and gloomy, waited a full hour
for the Gaelic to come In, her stacks
and rigging etched upon a silver plain,
her lights burning a dull, copperish
yellow against the white splendor of the
ni«ht. The moon was in full — that
great white radiance of the tropics, un
known to northern skies, which casts
its glory over land and sea. All things
reflected its beauty and mystery — the
disorder of the dock, the peace of the
waters, the surf curling on the coral
the great peaks brooding over
Honolulu, tlv clouds that drape them
through the endless summer years. The
ships in the harbor lay like painted
things upon the water, the trade wind
drooped and di»-d, while the tropic night
seemed waiting in breathless peace.
A group of natives, educated to the
Roman faith, but unforgetful of the
little, fateful fish, crossed themselves
piously as i small boat put out toward
th>- ship. It brought back the word that
Liliuokalani was on board and well.
The natives chattered softly among
themselves, obviously relieved by the
news, which was confirmed, before the
Gaelic was well in at the wharf, by the
ex-Queen's p-cretary, a native gentle
man of elaborate manner and resplen
dent clothes. He was recognized at the
rail with a upasm of gaiety from the
shore. It was the only Joyous demon
stration of the night, and short-lived at
that.
The ex-Queen's appearance on the
deck was met with profound silence.
As she came down tho plank, leaning
heavily on Governor Cleghorn's arm,
i you could have heard the proverbial
pin drop on the dock. The stillness was
Infectious. Other passengers landing
at Honolulu, and friends come to meet
them, and persons aboard the steamer
indifferent to the fate of this ex-king
dom and Its ex-Queen, or happily re
joicing in the new American posses
sions and quite on the other side of
things generally, stood mute and mo
tionless, while the little file of the de
feated passed them by; and suddenly
out of the strange stillness in which
even the night joined arose in a long,
low. dreadful cry, gathering strength
and syllables and frightful savage form
until it reached a shuddering chant,
the voice of the waiting, the 011-oli of
the Melee, which is sune. If such
•sounds may be called song, at all the
ceremonies of Hawaiian royalty, to cel
ebrate the joys or sorrows of the royal
house; at births, at marriages, deaths,
feasts, dances, meetings and partings.
The effect of it tearing the stillness
of the night, rising single-voiced from
a silent throng, was one to chill the
blood and conjure visions of lost souls
weeping between the worlds.
The waller was a native woman —
old, black. wrinkled and withered.
With lines of mud-colored seeds
and blossoms held about her
throat and dropping from her bare,
gray head, she dane " as she waited —
or, rather, swayed and shuddered to the
measure of the chant. The moonlight
fell upon her, a weird, barbaric figure,
the white hollku falling emptily about
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 18. 1898.
PROTEST OF HAWAIIANS
AGAINST ANNEXATION
TO THE UNITED STATES
Resolutions to Be Presented to PresideQt Dole ar)d
Minister Sewall Before the Raising of th>e
American Pag-
HONOLULU, Aug. 4 (via Victoria. B. C, Aug. 12).— The following is a copy of the
resolutions of protest to be handed to President Dole and United States Minister Sewall,
prior to the raising of the American Hag. by all the native patriotic and political societies of
Hawaii. It is translated from the Hawaiian:
Whereas, On the 17th day of January, A. D. 1893, our beloved Queen, Liliuokalani,
noted a protest against the acts of the representatives of the United States of America, in
form as follows:
"I, Liliuokalani, by the grace of God and under the constitution of the Hawaiian
kingdom Queen, do hereby solemnly protest against any and all acts done against myself
and the constitutional Government of the Hawaiian kingdom by certain persons claiming to
have established a provisional Government of and for this kingdom. That I yield to the
superior force of the United States of America, whose Minister Plenipotentiary, his Excel
lency John L. Stevens, has caused United States troops to be landed at Honolulu and de
clared that he would support the said provisional Government. Now, to avoid another col
lision of armed forces, and perhaps the loss of life, I do, under this protest and impelled by
said force, yield my authority until such time as the Government of the United States shall,
upon the facts being presented to it, undo the action of its representatives and reinstate me
in the authority which I claim as the constitutional sovereign of the Hawaiian kingdom";
and
Whereas. Grover Cleveland, President of the United States, after a careful review of
the facts, stated in a message to Congress, dated the 18th day of December, 1893, as fol
lows: "As I apprehend the situation, we are brought face to face with the following condi
tions: The lawful Government of Hawaii was overthrown without the drawing of a sword or
the firing of a shot, by a process every step of which it may be safely asserted is directly
traceable to and dependent for its success upon the agency of the United States, acting
through its diplomatic and naval representatives"; and
Whereas, The so-called republic of Hawaii, by its executive and its Senate, formed a
treaty to secure the annexation of Hawaii' to the United States, and said treaty having failed
of ratification by the Senate of the United States, by such failure to ratify having become
void and of no effect as to Hawaii because of the terms of Article 42 of the constitution of
the republic of Hawaii, which reads: "The President, with the approval of the Cabinet, is
hereby expressly authorized and empowered to make a treaty of political or commercial
union' between the republic of Hawaii and the United States of America, subject to the rati
fication of the Senate"; and
Whereas, The Senate and House of Representatives of the United States have passed
a joint resolution for the annexation of the Hawaiian Islands, and such joint resolution has
not been passed upon by the people of Hawaii nor by their representatives in Legislature
assembled; and
Whereas, By memorial the people of Hawaii have protested against the consumma
tion of an invasion of their political rights and have fervently appealed to the President, the
Congress and the people of the United States to refrain from further participating in the
wrongful annexation of Hawaii; and
Whereas, The Declaration of American Independence expresses that Governments de
rive their just powers from the consent of the governed; therefore, be it
Resolved, That as the representatives of a large and influential body of native Ha
waiians, we solemnly protest against annexation in the manner proposed and without refer
ence to obtaining the consent of the people of the Hawaiian Islands.
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions, with an English translation, be forwarded
to Sanford B. Dole, President of the republic of Hawaii, and to the agents representing Wil
liam McKinley, President of the United States, at Honolulu, Island of Oahu, Hawaiian Isl
ands.
her shrunken body, her thin arms toss
ing, her gTeat eyes turned toward the
skies.
It is customary for other voices to
take up the melee began by one, but
this woman chanted on alone In honor
of Liliuokalani's return. She stood close
by the rope as the ex-Queen came down
the plank, arid I looked— rather hoped—
to see her loyalty rewarded by a
glance, although I did not love her
song. But such are not, perhaps, the
ways of Queens. Llliuckalani went on
to her carriage and the wild chant
ceased.
Some one cried, "Three cheers for the
Queen," and they were given loudly, sin
cerely, unbrokenly, many of the native
women falling to wild weeping as the
carriage rolled away. At the doors of
Washington Place two torch-bearers in
the funereal black capes and silk hats,
which gave Liliuokalani's suite the
melancholy personnel of undertakers,
and wearing otherwise white satin
badges lettered with her name in blue
and gold, guarded th lowest step. Be
hind these were ranged others in like
attire and without torches. Others still
patrolled the porches and watched all
windows and doors against the en
trance of strangers to the rooms where
the ex-Queen sat at table with her
most intimate personal friends.
But the wide gates of the grounds
were open to the people and all night
a sorrowful throng came through the
moonlight, oleander-scented streets to
gather under the tremulous spiked
shadows of the royal palms in Liliuo
kalani's gardens and listen to the .oll
oli of the melees chanted by wallers
with an accompaniment of strange
huala movements, beneath the ex-
Queen's windows, recounting the deeds
of her ancestors, the glories of their
reigns, the joys of their people, the
peace of their passing, the line of their
succession.
Liliuokalanl could be seen through the
great windows, seated at the head of
her table, fanned with kahilis of white
feathers by girls dressed in white holi
kus, served by men in the gloomy liv
ery of her suite, attended by a little
audience of men and women. When
she turned from the table all her old
servants and followers were admitted
to her presence, entering the room at
their proper height, prostrating them
selves before her, crawling on their
hands and knees or sliding along the
floor to her feet to lie there with their
eyes cast down until she touched their
heads with her hands. The circle
waited until the floor was half covered
with these crouching shapes.
One woman, grotesque in her flapping
holiku and a little sailor hat wreathed
with a lei of carnations, remained
standing in the royal presence for some
seconds and with uplifted arms began
the monotonous chanting of a melee,
but the guttural accents of the 011-oli
were interrupted by sobs, and presently
she sank to the floor, weeping bitterly,
to be patted and comforted by her
Queen.
Outside, the crowd seemed satisfied to
look. It passed close to the porches,
standing on tiptoe to peer over big
flowering shrubs or parting the thick
leaves of. climbers for a better view of
Liliuokalani.
It was a still gathering. The Hawaii
ana are not a noisy people. Their voices
are low pitched, their laugh is a soft
ripple, their grief is expressed by si
lent tears. When some one wept within
or Liliuokalani seemed to speak in sad
ness those without wiped their eyes
and exchanged mournful looks. The
children, who were there in numbers,
stood decorously by their elders and
did as they did, and the village inno
cent, an old soldier of the guard, who
passes his harmless days In choosing
new uniforms which are given him in
charity and roaring military orders
through the streets, quenched his bat
tle tonos and whispered his commands
among the palms. A few old servants
retired to the Cottage of the Cala
bashes, where some twelve dozen of the
royal poi cups of beautifully polished
wood are kept behind glass doors, and
gossiped mournfully of other days,
when the homecoming of a Queen would
have meant a luau for the people.
The moon paled before the early
tropic dawn and the crowd about the
windows thinned and went its several
ways, but the sound of the oli-01l never
ceased, and at broad daylight the
torches still flared before the doors and
within Liliuokalani sat in state with
her audience of friends about her and
her servants prostrate at her feet.
At 2 o'clock this afternoon I had an
interview with Liliuokalani. She looks
ill, worn, sad, and is disinclined to say
anythtng concerning her immediate
plans. She received me in the first
drawing room, a large, bare, ceremo
nious apartment, with huge rahili in
each corner. She wore a costume of
black silk, cut in the European fashion,
with a touch of heliotrope and no dec
orations of any description or orna
ment beyond a Jewel or two on her
i hands. She has a good presence and
her manner is very distinguished. She
has lost all the smooth complacency of
| her earlier years; her face is fallen and
! deeply lined, and that expression of de
| fiant obstinacy so noticeable in her pic
j tures has given way to something infl
j nitely softer.
"I am glad to be at home with my
poor people," she said. "They wanted
me; they needed me; they asked me to
come. I was advisd to stay away from
here at this time, but I was glad if my
presence could console others."
I asked her if the subject of politics
was tabooed and she smiled.
"Have you read my book?" she said;
"my political opinions are there and
they have not changed. As for plans,
I have none. My feelings may be
guessed, and I naturally find that sub
ject painful. It was beautiful to me to
receive the welcome I had last night
I from my own people and some of my
I old friends. They expressed in every
way their love and kindness, what we
call the aloha."
"I heard the singing," I said, blush
ing to admit that I h*d spied upon the
rest.
"The singing? Oh, yes, the melees.
That is our custom. What you heard
was the story of my ancestors, espe
cially of my uncles. Their deeds are
put into verses by our people. Music
and poetry come naturally to us. We
love music and song and stories and
sunshine and all beautiful, happy
things."
Poor Lilliiokalani, who has had so
much else to think about!
"Shall you issue any proclamation to
your people ?"I asked.
"I hardly think so," she replied. "I
hardly know what step I shall take. I
am Btill very v»eary, too weary to think
and I am not well. Thursday is my
reception day, my public reception day,
and I shall probably address my peo
ple some time that day, perhaps at
noon. Will you come?"
I would, indeed, with pleasure. The
address, as I was afterward notified,
was for 12 o'clock. The ex-Queen held
a private reception in her drawing
room. She sat on a wide sofa at the
extreme end of the room, facing the
entrance, and wore a holiku of black
brocaded satin with the royal lei of
yellow feathers about her throat and a
crown of yellow flowers and the Order
of the Kamehamehas on her breast.
She was attended by the Princess and
some twenty ladies of the royalist
party, both white and native.
Not being versed in the etiquette of
court receptions I went blithely for
NATIVES TO KEEP
ALOOF FROM THE
FLAG RAISING
Hawaiian Government Will Pay
All Claims of Prisoners
of 1895.
REAR ADMIRAL MILLER, WHO WILL RAISE THE AMERICAN
FLAG AT HONOLULU.
HONOLULU, Aug. 4, via Victoria,
B. C, Aug. 12.— Hawaiians will
officially protest to Dole and Se
wall against annexation. They
will keep aloof from the flag
raising.
The Chinese wll! prepare a memorial
to th .■ Hawaiian commissioners.
The jurisdiction of Circuit Courts in
criminal cases will be attacked before
the Supreme Court to-morrow.
The Japanese will test the labor con
tracts.
The Hawaiians are divided politically
on the advisability of the Queen issu
ing a proclamation recognizing the
hopelessness of a restoration.
At the request of the American Gov
ernment Hawc-ii paid on August 1
$75,000 to Japr.n as a compromise.
It is rumored on fair authority that
the claims c '. foreign prisoners of 1895
will ~>e paid before the flag is raised.
Admiral Miller arrived yesterday.
Damon and Srrth were with him this
morning. No date has been fixed for
the flag-raising, but it probably will
take place ner.t week.
The transport Pennsylvania arrived
on July 2S. The Rio reached here on
July 31 and sailed on August 3. The
Peru and Puebla sailed on August 4.
Twenty-one cases of measles on the
Puebla had improved sufficiently to go
forward. All the transports were
thoroughly cleansed. The troops ex
cept those on the Rio were poorly fed.
They behaved well. Isaac Strickland
of the Third Artillery; R. D. Stewart,
a marlnl of the Mohican, and — Jenks
of South Dakota, died at sea. Corporal
Prather was permanently invalided.
Murat Halstead has recovered and
gone forward.
The Queen is holding a large recep
tion to-day.
Thurston has bought out an interest
in a loading daily. This means hot poli
tics.
All rumors in regard to threatened
riots or disturbances are absolutely
false.
Admiral Miller paid an official visit
to President Dole this morning. The
flag-raising will be discussed to-mor
row. HORACE WRIGHT.
CONFERENCES AS TO
THE FLAG RAISING
HONOLULU, Aug. 4, via Victoria,
Aug. 12.— The United States steamship
Philadelphia arrived yesterday, six
days and twenty hours from San Fran
cisco, with Admiral Miller and staff on
board, who came for the purpose of
raising the American flag over the Ha
waiian Islands. The Admiral has or
ders to confer with Minister Sewall.
Until after the conference there will be
nothing definite decided as to the flag
raising programme.
Minister Sewall received instructions
from his Government regarding the
flag-raising, but until after he has had
ward and shook, hands democratically
with everybody who seemed willing;,
and shortly afterward the ex-Queen
arose; a lady-in-waiting crowned with
yellow gathered up the royal train and
led the way to a curtained corner of the
porch. The crowd of natives standing
on the lawn bared their heads at her
approach and the band played "Ha
waii Ponoi."
The address in the native tongue was
a mere matter of soft vowels and as
pirates to me, but the people wept
softly through it all and gave the aloha
a conference with Admiral Miller and
the Hawaiian Government he will make
no announcement regarding it- These
probably will be made some time to
morrow. One conference with the Ha
waiian Government will be held this
afternoon aiv?r the departure of the
Aorangi. iiany people here believe the
flag will not be raised until the com
missioners arrive on the 17th in^t.
Others think the ceremony will take
place on the tth, to allow sufficient
time for preparation of a suitable pro
gramme of exercises.
F. M. Hatch has resigned the position
of Minister to the United States. Mr.
Hatch has the distinction of closing the
volume of Hawaiian diplomacy in
Washington opened by Alexander
Simpson and J. F. B. Marshall in 1843,
when they went to Washington to lay
the case of British occupation before
the United States Government.
The Honolulu Chamber of Commerce
recently held a special meeting for the
purpose of making acknowledgment to
the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce for the gift of a splendid Ameri
can ting- It was agreed the flag should
be raised over the rooms the same day
and hour set for the flag-raising on the
executive building.
The Ewa plantation, the best paying
sugar estate in Hawaii, has decided to
increase its stock to $2,000,000. The
present capital stock of the plantation
is $1,000,000, with privilege, according to
the charter, to raise to the amount de
cided on.
The Japanese imbroglio o£ 1897 has
been settled by the payment of $75,000
to Japan. In making payment the
Government does not admit the justice
of the claim nor the right of Japan to
indemnity.
Queen Liliuokalani returned by the
Gaelic on the 2d inst., glad, as she said,
to see her friends and be back in her
own country and among her own
people. Early morninsr as it was when
the Gaelic can.c into port, and unusual
as it is for mail steamers to come to
the wharf in the night, a large number
of her frie:. la were there to greet her
while the vessel was still in the chan
nel. By the time it reached the wharf
about 250 people were there, mostly na
tives. Liliuokalani declined to be inter
viewed. To her friends she said her
health was good, but the trip had much
fatigued her.
ARRIVAL AND DEPARTURE
OF THE TRANSPORTS
HONOLULU, Aug. 4 (via Victoria,
Aug. 12).— The United States transports
Pennsylvania and Rio de Janeiro joined
the Peru and City of Puebla at this
port. The Pennsylvania arived July 2S,
followed by the Rio two days later.
General Otis decided not to remain in
this port until the flag-raising cere
monies, and gave orders yesterday for
the Pennsylvania and Rio de Janeiro to
sail for Manila. Both vessels left port
last evening. This morning both the
Peru and City of Puebla left port,
bound for the Philippines.
While the transports were in port
measles broke out among the men. The
patients were removed to the quaran
tine station. Previous to the departure
of the Puebla this morning the Bick
men, twenty-six in all, were returned
to the ship.
at its beginning and at its close.
The Philadelphia is here. There wai
no enthusiasm over her coming. The
water front was lined with people, but
only those who went out on the tug
with the band to meet her cheered. Her
men responded to the cheer and when
the Hawaiian band played '•America"
the Philadelphia answered with "Ha
waii Ponoi."
Then her five guns thundered out.
The flag of the Hawaiian Islands re
ceived its last salute. They say our
own will ware over them Monday.
34
RUSSIA'S TACTICS
IGNORED IN THE
QUEEN'S SPEECH
Members of Parliament Elicit Lit
tle Information by Ques
tioning.
Balfour Will Not Pledge the Government to
Prevent the Peking-Hankow Con
cession.
LONDON, Aug. 12.— The House of
Commons met to-day. A succession of
questions on the subject of China
elicited little information. The ffovern
... ment load r, Mr. Balfour, declined to
pledpo the Government to prevent the
' ratification of the Franco-Belgian Pe
king-Hankow concession, but promised
that, in the event of British capitalists
purchasing railroad concessions ob
tained by French or Belgian syndicates
in the Yang-tse-Kiang valley, her
Majesty's Government will support and
assist them, both in London and Pe
kjng, in this and in all other legitimate
British commercial enterprises.
The China appropriation bill then
passed its third reading.
The Queen's speech at the proroga
tion of Parliament was as follows:
My Lords and Gtntlemen: My rela
tions with other nations continue
friendly. 1 have witnessed with the deep
est sorrow the hostilities which have
taken place between Spain and the
United States, two nations to which my
empire is bound by many ties of affec
tion and traditions. Negotiations re
cently opened give fair ground for hop-
Ing- that the deplorable conflict will be
brought to a termination by the conclu
sion of an honorable and enduring
peace.
The changes which have taken place in
the territorial relation! of other powers
with the Chinese empire induced me to
tude arrangements whereby the har
bor of Wei-Hal-Wel and certain positions
adjacent to my colony of Hongkong were
leased to me by the Emperor of China.
I trust the arrangements will conduce
to the maintenance of his Independence
and the security of his empire and be
fiiv.irable to the development of the ex
. tensive commerce carried on between the
Peoples of Great Britain and China.
• • Paragraph three refers to the guar
anteeing, in conjunction with Russia
.and France, of the loan to enable Greece
"/to pay the Turkish war indemnity.
, '■ The fourth paragraph expresses satis
faction at the conclusion of the con
. vention with France, finally settling the
• TYest African question.
•■" The speech then refers to the ar
rangements made to establish at an
early- date penny postage between the
■ United Kingdom, Canada. Newfound
."•land and elsewhere; makes reference
■■ to the plague still existing in certain
■ portions of Western India and the
Punjab, and concludes:
.'-'Lain thankful that bountiful harvesre
'--have tit-en gathered throughout the great
er jiart of India and that the internal and
• .external- trade of the country are rapid
ly recovering from the depression caused
■by the famine.
< i> iitNinen of the House of Commons:
I thank you for the liberal provision you
have made for the defense of my empire.
The sacrifices asked of you are severe.
but no greater than the exigencies of
the- present- time require. I am glad to
recognize the value of the provisions' to
which you have assented for increasing
the strength ;mri efficiency of the army.
My Lords and Gentlemen: I have seen
with much gratification that you t have
this y-ear added to the statute book an
important measure assimilating the loral
-.instil Ireland to those of Eng
land .and Scotland. I trust this reform
will tend to strengthen the bonds which
unite .the people of Great Britain and Ire
land and increase their common affection
for the fundamental institutions of the
realm.
After expressing satisfaction at the
adoption of bills enabling accused per
sons to testify in their own behalf and
f"i- preventing the abuse of patronage
and occupation of benefices of the es
tablished church, "the principles of
•which bills have been generally accept
r many years, though hitherto
there ha* been no opportunity to make
them law," the speech ends:
"I pray that the blessing of Almighty
God may attend you.'
LONDON PRESS VENTS ITS
RAGE UPON SALISBURY
"If This State of Things Continues
the Guns Will (io Oft t»i
Themselves."
■. LONDON, Aug. 12.— The morning pa
■ pers express the growing indignation of
• the country, at the position of affairs in
China. The Daily Graphic says: "If
this state of things continues the guns
\ylll go off of themselves."
.• The Shanghai war correspondent of
" the .Daily Mail, who professes to di- |
vulge the terms of a long existing
'treaty between China ,'md HutiHia,
Bays: "It is nothing less than an of
• fensive alliance. China undertakes to
' regard Russia as htiviny a preponder
ating influence on all questions of com
;.;mercial and internal policies, while
" Russia will support China against all
. 'opuen door' demands. Russia finances
" -China in internal developments and
• China, grants Russia preferential rates j
in certain areas and railways built in
the joint interests of the' two countries
•will be under Russia's practical control.
"Russia will assist < 'hina in develop
ing her military and naval forces, and
China will co-operate with Russia as an
ally. This treaty has been In abeyance
since Li Hung Chang visited the Czar.
That it has become operative at the
present moment in respect to the Pek
ing-Hankov. and Nieu Chwang con
tracts is significant."
' If the Daily Mail's version may be
trusted It will explain much that has
been hitherto inexplicable in the devel
opment o-f the question. The manage*
of the Hongkong and Shanghni Bank
in' London, in the course of an inter
view yesterday, said: "1 believe the
Peking-Hankow line, owing to natural
obstructions and its costliness, will
never be built, Russia merely wishing
to keep England c-ut."
The French press comments gleefully
upon the situation, and the newspapers
at Berlin and Vienna are at no pains
to hide their satisfaction at the discom
fiture of England. The Continental
press regards the project of an Anglo-
American alliance as chimerical. It
considers that the United States has
enough of war for the present, and will
not care to give Great Britain anything
more than moral support in China.
.Therefore, Continental editors argue,
England is not likely to pick a quarrel
. with Russia, but will content herself
■ With seeking compensation elsewhere.
A special dispatch from Shanghai
says: "The Russian agents are again
intriguing to obtain control of the Chi
ni's^ maritime customs department."
.' The Peking correspondent of the
Times, telegraphing with reference to
the Peking-Hankow contract, says:
"The rebuff is all the more serious be
cause the Tsung Li Yamen gave as
surances that the decree confirming
the contract would not be issued until
after a further conference with Sir
Claud Macdonald, the British Minis
ter."
The Chronicle, in an editorial which
i reflects the general opinion of the Lon
| don morning papers, comments on the
I fact that the Marquis of Salisbury and
: all the responsible officials are leaving
j London at such a critical moment. It
I says: "The curtain is deliberately
i dropping upon a scene of national hu
: initiation and national indignation."
BRITISH TROOPSHIPS
HELD IN READINESS
VANCOUVER, Aug. 12.— The Cana
dian Pacitlc Railway's steamers Tartar
and Athenian are being held here in
view of any sudden hostile movement
on the part of Russia, which will neces
sitate the hurried rushing through of
British troops to China. The steamers J
were withdrawn from the northern
route three weeks ago and have since j
been In the harbor undergoing repairs ]
to their boilers and engines. The Unit- j
ed States Government, through the Pa
cific Coast Steamship Company, was
negotiating for their purchase for
transports, but owing to the high price
placed on them the deal fell through.
The company officials said to-day that
the recent changes in the engines were'
due to instructions from Montreal to
have the speed increased and the boats
in readineSß to transport a large body
of British troops to China In case of
any sudden move on the. part of Rus
sia. Both vessels are splendidly equip
ped for carrying troops and each will
accommodate from 600 to 700 soldiers.
With the recent improvement to the
engines they will make as good speed
as Oriental liners.
The first intimation that the boats
were held here with a view to carrying
British troops to China was In a pri
vate dispatch which stated that should
trouble between Russia and England
become more acute thousands of Brit
ish soldiers would be sent across the
continent over the Canadian Pacific
railway. No direct move has been
made by the British Government to
purchase the boats, bnt it is simply
providing for an emergency by having
steamships which intended to go out
next month held here until something
definite occurs in Russia's war move.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Army Paymasters Ordered to x'ro
ceed to Manila- Pensions for
Veterans — New Post
masters.
WASHINGTON, Au?. 12. — Pacific
Coast pensions have been granted as
follows:
California: Original — John Kearne.
Vallejo, $6; Isaac Newton Truesdale,
Shandon. $6: Joseph H. Barber, San
Diego, $6; Cornelius Doherty, Oakland,
$6. Original widows, etc.— Mary N.
Brackett, Willetts, $8; Jessie F. Webb,
San Jose, $8.
Oregon: Original widows, etc. —
Emma Bell, Newberg, $8.
Washington: Original — Walter F.
Reeves, Centralia, $6. Increase — Joseph
Davis, Vancouver, $12 to $17. Original
widows, etc. — Fannie C. Jones, Seat
tle, $8.
Army orders: Majors William B.
Schofield and Theodore Sternberg, ad
ditional paymasters of the United
States Volunteers, now at San Fran- !
Cisco, will embark on the United States j
transport Scandia about the 25th lnst. j
for Manila, Philippine Islands, with I
funds and supplies pertaining to the
pay department of the United States
Army, and upon arrival there will re
port in person to the commanding gen
eral of the Eighth Army Corps and to |
the chief paymaster of the Department
of the Pacific for further instructions.
Major Oscar F. Long, quartermaster
United States Volunteers, now on duty
at San Francisco, is assigned to charge
of the principal quartermaster's depot
at that place, and while so acting shall
have the rank of lieutenant colonel.
Corporal John P. Hasson, Company
O, First Washington Volunteer Infan
try, now at San Frnacisco, is trans
ferred as a private to Company M,
Fourteenth United States Infantry.
Marion Cushing has been appointed
Postmaster at Monroe, Mendocino
County, Cal., vice M. M. Johnson, re
signed.
CAPTAIN STRONG OF NEW
YORK TO WED KAIULANI
VICTORIA, Aug. 12.— News appar
ently reliable reached this city on the
steamer Aorangi from Hongkong to the
effect that Captain Bradlee Strong, son
of former Mayor William L. Strong of
X'\v York City, is engaged to Princess
Kaiulani of Hawaii. Few details are
given by the passengers, but it seems i
that Captain Strong met the Princess,
and the son of the reform Mayor and
the daughter of the royal house of Ha
waii fell in love with each other Just
like ordinary people. Just before leav- !
ing Honolulu, according to passengers
of the Aorangi, the announcement of
the erigagemet was made.
Haybarn Burned at Walnut Creek.
WALNUT CREEK, Aug. 12.-About 4
o'clock thin afternoon fire consumed
about ISO tons of hay. which was In a
barn. The barn and '.-ontents were owned
by J. C Willmon of Lob Angeles.
Maguire Visiting at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 12.— Congressman
MuKuirc and family arrived this evening
on a visit to relatives.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
COPENHAGEN— SaiIed Aug 10— Stmr Norse
for .New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed Auk 12— Btmr Ocean, for
Amsterdam; Htmr: Rotterdam, for Rotterdam;
Btmr Mongolian, for Glasgow.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Aug 12— 8tmr Cymric,
for New York. -:■■:
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Aug 12— Stmr Can
ada, for Boston.
SOUTHAMPTON— Aug 12— Stm Fuerst
Bismarck, for New York. "
NAPLES— Auk 12— Stmr Werra, for
New York. . ' .• " ...
NEW YORK— Aug Stmr Seguran
lca. from Santiago. \ -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 13, 1898.
MA ANGELINE,
NIGGER BABY
How They Finished in a
Saratoga Race.
MARTHA WON IN FAST TIME
NO LONG-SHOT WINNERS AT
HAWTHORNE TRACK.
Oraibee, a California Colt, Successful
at St. Louis, as Were Ed Gart
land and Young's
Mamie G.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SARATOGA, N. V., Aug. 12.— Again
Tod Sloan had but two mounts, and
once more his percentage for the day
was 1000. His wins were on Right of
Way and Martha 11. Bettie Gray was
a "good thing" in the second race and
played very heavily at good odds.
Ahorn, the favorite, was not one, two,
three until the homestretch was
reached, but came along and won clev
erly with top weight up. A curious
thing was .act Ma Angeline won the
last race with Nigger Baby second.
First roco, five furlongs:
Right of Way, 113 (T. Sloan) 1
•Roundsman, 116 (Doggett) Z
Loser, ii 3 (Ctawson) ;-\Uu""
Time 1:02. Won handily by a length.
Cacique 116 and Marble 113 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 2 to 1, € to 5 and 5 to 1.
Track odds— h to 2, 9 to 10 and 7 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, two-year-olds, five furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. »4- %. Str. Fin.
Bettie Gray, 102 Powers 2 1 1 J
♦Garrabrant, 94 Maher 0 3 i i
Valdlra, 94 Dupee 3 2 2 3
Menu 97 Forbes 10 0 0
Time, 1:02. Won handily. Second and third
"cappaqua 103, Five O'Clock 94, Two Forks 94,
War Head l>2 and Diva 91 also ran.
Sausalito odds— s to 1, 8 to 6 and I to L
Track odds— 6 to 11, 2 to 1 and ! to L
•Favorite.
Jd race, mile and a furlong:
le and Wt. Jockeys. ■£. %. %. Str. Fin.
ha 11. 102.. T. Sloan 1 12 1! 14 1
awaln, lOL-Doggett 2 2121212
aall 110 ..Williams 3 3 3 3 3
?, l:s4fc. Won handily. Second and third
SRUsalito oddF — Even money. 2 to 1 and 24
to 1. Track odds— Even. 2 to 1 and 5 to 2.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, two-year-olds, five and a half
furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. 4- %. Str. Fin.
•Ahorn, 122 Murphy 0 0 0 1
Roysterer. 112 Irving 14 1* 2 2
Miss Smith. 107 A. Barrett 3 3 3 3
La Flaneuse, 110 Kuhn 2 2 10
Time. 1:09. Won cleverly. Second and third
Banßnr 110, Beckon 110 and Shfik 110 also ran.
Sausallto odds— 6 to 5. 8 to 1 and 8 to 1.
Track odds— 6 to 5, 5 to 1 and 10 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, parse, one mile:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. '*■ %• %. Str. Fin.
Ha Angeline. 96....Maher 1 1 11 IH"J
Nigger Baby, 101.. Barrett 3 3 3 2 2
Manassas. 11l ....Doggott 2 2 2 3 3
Time, .1:41%. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
, Hums 111, Stray Step 111. Donation 103,
•George B. Cox 107, Hats Off 104, L B 10 J.
Oxnard 101 and Valid 9S also ran.
Sausallto odds— 4 to 1. 3 to 1 and 2hi to 1.
Tr.ark odds— 4 to 1, 4to 1 and 3to 1. . I
'♦Favorite. . * :^£. .
THREE FIVE TO ONE SHOTS
Successful During the Afternoon at
the St. Louis Track.
ST. IiOtJIB, Auk. 12. -Wiggins. Ed Gartland
and Linda won at odds of 5 to 1 this afternoon,
but one decided favorite finishing in front.
Tommy Hums came over from Chicago to ride,
but did not accomplish anything wonderful,
putting but on? winner over the plate. Oral
bee, the Californla-nred colt by Orizaba, won
the fifth race In game fashion. Mamie G and
Ed Gartland, which won In California last
winter, were winners here to-day.
First race, purse, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. H- \- Str. Fin.
Wiggins 97 Harshbersrer 2 2 11
Harry Floyd, 1»2. ..Hothersall 3 3 8 2
•Miss Verne, 102 Gtlmore 0 0 0 3
John Boone. 104.. J. McDonald 112 0
Time, 1:16. Won handily. Second and third
Kowalnky 107, Correspond 104. Nora S 96,
Devon 102 H H. Gardner 102. Lassie Lou 102,
Groganette 102, Ray B 102 and The Navy 101
also ran.
Sausalito odds— X to 1, 12 to 1 and 8 to 5.
Track odds— s to 1, 10 to 1 and 2 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, selling, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. %. Ptr. Fin.
Ed Oartlnm] 11, 104 Lines 1 1 1 1 Ins
•Libation, 104 T. Burns 3 3 2 2
Seaport, 107 J. McDonald 2 2 0 3
Fourth Ward, 104 Gilmore 0 0 3 0
Time, l:l£tt- Won driving. Second and third
Lucky Monday 107, Muskadlne 107. Tole Sim
mons 104 Imperious 104. B H 104. Almanta 104,
Ennomla 102, Myrtle 102 and Bertha Utlger 102
also ran.
Pausalito odds— s to 1, 2 to 1 and 3 to 1. Track
oridp— 4 to 1, 5 to 2 and 4 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, purse, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. \. Str. Fin.
•Belle of Memphis, 95. .Burns 2 2 1 13
Gath, 104 J. McDonaM.l l 2 2
Lady Hamilton. 102. . ..Hutter 3 3 8 3
Time, 1:1414. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Bowling Green 107, Cotton Plant 104 and
Watchmaker 100 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 2 to 5, 6 to 1 and 20 to 1.
Track odds— 3 to 10, 6 to 1 and 30 to 1.
•Favorite.
.
Fourth race, selling, mile and seventy yards:
.Name and Wt Jockeys. >4. %. 94. Str.Ftn.
Linda, 101.... J. McDonald 11 11
•Imp. Skate, 107.. T.Burns 2 2 2 2 2
Fondiff, 104 Blobs 3 3 3 3 3
Time, 1:45*,£. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Gold Band 103, Brlggs 99 and'Tutuela 99 also
ran.
Sausallto odds— B to 1, 4 to 5 and t\b to 1.
Track odds— to 1, even and 14 to 5. : .'?>''.
•Favorite. \~ - > ,-'.-;- r :
Fifth race, maiden two-year-olds, five and a
half furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. %. %. Str. Fin.
•Oralbee, 105 Gilmore 3 3 3 In
Lurdan, 100 J. McDonald 0 0 0 2
La Fayette, 108 ....Hothersall 0 0 0 3
Tulare 10S Bloss 2 2 2 0
Mad Anthony, 103... Lemlrum 11111 0
Time, 1:09%. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Sam Lazarus 108, Bert Davis 108, George Du
nett 103, The Norseman 108, De Haven 108 and
Kopiiij; 103 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 3 to 2. .'. to 1 and 10 to 1.
Truck odds— 2 to 1, 11 to 2 and 15 to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, selling one mile:
Name and Wt. Jockeyß. \i- Ik- %< Str. Fin.
Mamie O. S8 Kelly 1112 11
•P India. Wl..Mel>fimM 0 0 0 1»<. 3
Ceitic Hard. 108. ."P. Burns 0 0 0 0 3
H Shannon, 103 !'.]<>*«i 3 2 2 3 0
Cecil. H C. Clay 2 3 3 0 0
Tlmo. I:4S. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Ransom 102, Moralist 101. Sl'lonian 101, The
Planet 101, Harry B 101 and Katie Longfellow
OS also ran.
Sauaallt'i odds— 4 to 1, 2 to 1 and 2V4 to 1.
Trn< k odds— s to 1. 2 to 1 and 13 to 5.
•Favorite.
ESPIONAGE WINS FOR EZELL.
Favorites Defeated Four Times at the
Harlem Track.
CHICAGO, Aug. 12. -Espionage, with top
weight up, captured the first race for Loula
Ezel! at very fair odds. Four favorites were
beaten during the afternoon. N. Turner car
ried off the Jockey honors, with two wins to
his credit. The Keiff brothers rode one each
and Charley Thorpe was on Espionage. There
was no real surprise during the day. The track
was fast.
First race, puree, two-year-olds, six fur
longs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. V 4. H- Str. Fin.
Espionage. 113 Thorpe 0 0 0 1
Boney Boy, 103 McNichols 1112
•Survivor. 106 W. Martin 3 3 3 3
Nancy Sletz, 103 J. Barr 2 2 2 0
Time, I:WA. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
April's Lady 103. Rosa Masso 103, Fardel 106
and Stamina 106 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 3 to 1, 5 to 1 and ever, money.
Track odds— 4 to 1, 8 to 1 and 6 to 5.
•Favorite.
Second race, maidens, purse, seven furlongs:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. %. ,4- ft;, ss $ i ! n i
•Her Favor, 110.. Everett 2 2 121213
Cutter. 115 N. Turner 3 3 2 2 2
Hammond, 115......C0n1ey 0 0 0 0 6
Fremont, 114 J. Relff 1 1 3 3 .0
Time, 1:29. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
''. Long Suit 110, Lady Stokam 110, Pensoroso
110, Henry Ormsby 111, Black Fonso 112, Beth
Star 112, Oleran 115 and Spring Leaf Ho also
ran.
Sausalito odds— 7 to 10, 2y 2 to 1 and 10 to 1.
Track odds— 7 to 10, 5 to 2 and 12 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, maidens, purse, seven furlongs:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. \. M. %• Str. Fin
Tulada, 110 N. Turner 0 0 0 0 Vfr
Charabelle, 109 Rose 0 0 0 3 2
•Agnes C, 110 Thorpe 1 1 1 IV4 3
Sir Tenny, 107 Foucon 0 0 0 2 0
Waubum, 112 Conley 2 2 2 0 0
Orderly, 107 J. Woods 3 3 0 0 0
Time, 1:30*4- Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Revenge Dare 110, Chantilla 110, Scornful 111,
F. Garner 111, Incident 115, Ben Walker 116 and
Clifton B 115 also ran. •
odds— 4 to 1, 8 to 1 and 8 to 5.
Track odds— B to 1, 10 to 1 and 8 to 5.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, selling, one mile:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. & 'i- **■ Str. Fin.
Braw Lad, 110.... L. Relff 2 2 2 2 11
Chugnut, 103 Thorpe 0 0 0 3 2
Sanpamon. 110 Everett 1*12141 3
•Indra, 116 N. Turner 3 3 3 0 0
Time. 1:41. Won handily. Second and third
drvling.
Prosecutor 110 and Can't Dance 110 also ran.
Sausalito odds— B to 5, 6 to 1 and 12 to 1.
Track odds— 3 to l, 6 to 1 and 15 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, selling, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. V - %• Str. Fin.
High Hoe. 103 J. Relff 3 3 2 12
Lizzie Caraher, 109.... Everett 2 2 112
Mllo. 103 Aker 0 0 0 3
•Our Gertie. 106 W. Kiley 12 12 3 0
Time, 1:14. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Astor MS, Mary . Kinzella 103, Branch 105,
Cosmos 105 and George Krats 107 also ran.
Pnusalito odds — 4 to 1, 3 to 1 and 6 to 1.
Track odds— s to 1. 4 to 1 and 8 to 1.
♦Favorite
Sixth race, purse, one mils:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. *. %. %. Str. Fin.
•Dorothy 11, 107.. ..Turner 0 0 0 0 1
Winslow. 109.. H. Wllllnms 0 0 0 0 2
Cains, 107 Conley 0 0 0 3 t3
Con Regan, 110 Aker 2 IV4 2 2 4
Treeby. 107 ..J. Cummins 1 3 lh 11 0
Queen Sane, 107.McNlchols 3 2 3 0 0
Time. 1:42. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
tCalna disqualified and Con Regan placed
third.
Sister Adele 107 and Swordsman 110 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 2 to 1, 8 to 1 and 6 to 1.
Track odds— 2 to 1, 8 to 1 and 6 to 1.
•Favorite.
Favorites Take Every Race.
FORT WAYNE, Ind.. Aug. 12.— T0-day's
races went to the favorites in every case. The
track wan fast and the weather fine.
2:14 trot, purse $1600— Grattan Boy won in
straight heats. Time. 2:121,4. 2:12>/4, 2:12. Ruby
second, Red Bee third. Caracalta, Medium
Wood, Rose Cralx, B. R. M. Surpol and Alves
also started.
2:11 pace, purse . $1500— Miss Logan won in
straight heats. Time, 2:074, 2:07 H. 2:08V t .
Charley B second. Eyelet third. Oddity, Neeta
W, Indiana, Evangeline and Heirloom also
started.
2:20 trot, stake, purse Directum Kelly
won second, third and fourth heats. Time,
2:13%, 2:15, 2:ISV4. Louise Mac won first heat
In 2:13\. Improvidence third. Oakley Maiden
and Hustler also started.
Results at Anaconda.
ANACONDA. Mont., Aug. 12.— First race, six
furlongs, Althea won, Oro Flno second. May
Boy third. Time, 1.2CV4.
Second race, four and a half furlongs — Cro
ker won. Royal Fan second, Ensey third. Time,
:57V4-
Third race, one mile — Charlotte M won,
Twinkle Twink second, Coda third, 'ilme. 1:4:'.
Fourth race, five furlongs— <^mah Wood won,
Etta H second. Mekallah third. Time, l:o3i£.
Fifth race, Fix furlongs-William O"B. won.
Punt.T second, Lady Ashley third. Time, 1:18.
Sixth racp, five and a half furlong*—Trap
pean won. Little T G second, Joe Cotton third.
Time, 1.-10H-
Winners at Windsor.
DETROIT. Mich.. Aug. 12.— Corder was the
only winning favorite at Windsor to-day.
Weather fine: track fast.- )■'-■.
First race, sewn "furlongs— Tripoli won,' Be
guile second. Nover third. Time, 1:29%.
Second race, six furlongs— King ! Carnival
won. Oak Maid second, J. E. Cline third.
Time, 1:15.
Third race, selling, six furlongs —
won Nimrod second, Josephine third. Time,
1:14%.
Fourth race, five furlongs— Crinkle won. Miss
Trlx second. Ivy Cotta third. Time. 1:02%.
Fifth race, ■ seven furlongs — Henry Launt
won, Nicholas second, Demosthenes third.
Time. I:2SV4.
Sixth race, selling, six furlongs— S. won,
Halton second, Utopia third. Time, 1:14%.
BEAN-EATERS GIVE
CLEVELAND A REVERSE
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
W. L. Pet. ! W. L. Pet.
Cincinnati ...06 X 653: Plttshurr ....r.O 44 532
Boston 02 3?. 639! Philadelphia 44 49 454
Cleveland 59 37 61.' i Brooklyn 36 68 383
Baltimore 53 3S 652 Louisville ...37 61 378
New York ...54 43 .">" Washington .33 61 351
Chicago 55 45 550 St. Louis ....2S 71 233
NEW YORK, Aug. 12.— Brooklyn began
the frnal series at home with the Cincin
nati to-day, and because they could not
hjt Breitenstein at the right time they
suffered defeat.' The work of the home
team In the field, too, was very poor. At
tendance 500. Score: .
Clubs- R H. E.
Brooklyn 3 *
Cincinnati 4 11 4
flatteries— Kennedy and Grim; Breitenstein
and Peitz. Umpires— Lynch and Andrews.
NEW YORK, Aug. 12.— J~.oose fielding
behind CaHahan was responsible for the
downfall of the Chicagos. Rusle was
batted hard, but in no inning were the
hits bunched. Dahlen was put out of the
game for growling at decisions. Attend
ance 3000. Score: \
Clubs— r R. H. E.
New York 4 6 3
Chicago -3 12 6
Batteries— Rusle and Warner; Caliahan and
Donohue. Umpires— Emslie and Hunt.
BOSTON, Aug. 12.— The Clevelands were
outplayed to-day at every point, and but
for a home run In the first inning would
probably have been shut out. Tho Bos
tons played with great dash, while the
visitors made a number of costly errors.
Attendance 3500. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E. '■
Boston •• 8 10 1
Cleveland •• • 2 7 8
Batteries— Klobedanz and Bergen; Young and
O'Connor. Umpires— and Connolly.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. Philadel
phia defeated St. Louis to-day by timely
hitting. Platt and Taylor Pitched good
ball. Attendance 1119. Score:
Clubs- • R- H. E.
St. Louis 2 5 3
Philadelphia •••— 5 6 1
Butteries— Taylor and-Sugden; Plan and Mc-
Farland. Urn pi re? Swart wood and Warner. .
BALTIMORE, Aug. 12. — Bu.lumore-
Plttsburg, no game; rain.
TENNIS TOURNAMENT
ON TACOIVIA COURTS
TACOMA, Aug. 12.— There was a great
crowd at the open tennis tournament for
the North Pacific championship this after
noon. J. F. Foulkes of Victoria, chnmpion
of the Pacific Northwest, lost his title
in the semi-finals. S. R- Russell, the bril
liant youngster of Seattle, turning the
trick after Foulkes had won the first set
handily by the score of G— l. The score
was 6—l, B—6, 6—l.
George A. Hurd of Seattle, State of
Washington champion, only earned a
place In the finals by two of the closest
games. R. G. Breeze of Tacoma played
him in the third round, 4—6, 6—4. B— G, and
T. A. Franzloli in the semi-finals scored
6—l, 3— C, 7— r. against him. Russell and
Hurd play for the championship and
Thorne cup to-morrow.
Miss Keown of Tacoma, State of Wash
ington champion, defeated Miss Riley,
North Pacific champion, In the semi-finals
by the score of 6—5, 5—6,5 — 6, 6—l. and will
play Miss Riggs of Tacoma in the finals.
The doubles nrials will be between Foulkes
and Policy of Victoria, Hurd and Russell
of Seattle.
Thompson Wins on a Foul.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 12.— 1n their con
test before the Los Angeles Athletic Club
to-night Bob Thompson (colored) of this
city was awar-led the decision over Ben
Lewis (colored) of San Francisco on a
foul in the ninth round. The contest was
to have been a fifteen-roiTnd go, and was
in favor of Lewis until he fouled his op
ponent.
SERIOUS TROUBLE
IS IN STORE FOR
MR. HUNTINGTON
NEW YORK, Aug. 12.— English and Irish stock and bond holders
of the Central Pacific are dissatisfied with Collis P. Huntington's
management of their affairs. Foreigners interested in the Central Pa
cific road recently held a meeting and appointed Sir William Marriott,
privy counselor, chairman of the committee, and W. Morshead vice
chairman, and authorized them to come to this country and lay their
complaint before the Attorney General of the United States and de
mand a thorough investigation of the management of the railroad.
Sir William Marriott and Vice-Chairman Morshead arrived to-day
on the Cunard steamship Campania. After resting a few days they
will go to Washington. They Intimate that as soon as their com
plaint is known there will be exposures that will not be at all pleas
ant far Mr. Huntington and some Government officials.
WHEATLAND IS
SWEPT BY FIRE
Nearly Every Business
House in Ashes.
ESTIMATED LOSS $180,000
PBINCIPAL SUFFERERS AND IN
SURANCE.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WHEATLAND, Aug. 12. — A flre
started shortly before 1 o'clock to-day
in a barn back of Neimeyer's store. In
stantly the blaze jumped, as if follow
ing an oil trail, to the warehouses on
either side, and before the fire alarm
was rung the Sperry Company's large
grain warehouse and Neimeyer's ware
house were a burning mass, sending
flames and smoke high in the air.
The fire bell brought the hop pickers
from the fields adjoining town, and in
less than ten minutes fully 2000 people
were on the main streets. They lent
willing hands to check the spread of
the flames, but their work was usedess.
The fire spread rapidly north, east and
west. It looked at one time as if the
whole residence portion of the town
would go, and there were few houses
out of which valuable goods were not
removed.
As soon as it was seen that the prin
cipal business block, which is of brick,
was doomed, the uninsured stores were
thrown open and the public invited to
save the goods. Here the hop pickers
lent a ready hand, and to-night, out of
the Stagner Brothers' grocery and
hardware store, there is not enough
saved goods under guard to supply our
military company with a week's rations
and hatchets and pincers for Cuban
detail.
Not until the fire had been checked
did the people realize what was going
on about them. The rapacious greed of
the lower element among the hop pick
ers was stimulated by the absence of
law officers, and it was not uncommon
to find men filling barley sacks with
plunder.
As soon as possible Marshal Waddell
deputized two dozen men and armed
them with shotguns. When the first
guards came out a crowd of fully 600
roughs were fighting. The special offi
cers were almost powerless to make ar
rests, but eight of the leaders were ta
ken and locked in box cars. After an
hour's work the town was cleared and
what goods were left were put under
guard.
To-night two attempts were made to
fire other portions of the town. These
facts tend to confirm the theory that
the fire was incendiary. The casualties
were one Chinaman dead and one horse
burned. A number of persons were
overcome by the heat.
Following is the loss by fire and the
insurance: Farmers' Bank, $7000; in
surance, $4000; L. Melton, $10,000, dwell
ing, insurance $6000; D. S. Little, $1500,
blacksmith-shop, insurance $500; Mrs.
Wesscher, $1000, dwelling, insurance
$650- J. M. C. Jasper, $10,000. buildings,
insurance $5250; P. M. Bray, $9000, hotel,
insurance $2000; A. C. Stagner. $8000,
hardware, no insurance; R. P. Stagner,
$4000, groceries, no insurance; J. M.
Rich, $3000, groceries, no insurance;
Odd FeiluWf' Building Association, $12,
000, insurance $8000; Town Hall, $1500,
insurance $1000; L. W. McCurry $10,
000, dwellings and drug stock, insur
ance $3000; P. Blackford, $3000, wool, in
surance $2880; J. B. Harris, $4000, dry
goods, insurance $2000; Sutter Lodge,
1. O. O. F., $350, insurance $200; E. Pin
cus & Co., $13,000, general merchandise,
insurance $8000; John Steinman, $6000,
buildings, insurance $3000; J. F. Baun,
$3000, blacksmith-shop, no insurance;
Four Corners printing office, $3000, no
insurance; Melton & Grant, $1000. no
insurance; Purcell & Rlechert, $1000,
butcher-shop, no insurance; W. ILNie
meyer, $10,000, merchandise and truild
ings, insured; Sperry Flour Company,
$25,000, mill and warehouses, insurance
unknown; C. K. Dam, $13,000, grain, In
surance $11,000; C. K. Dam, $2000 on
other stock, insured; Samuel Kuster,
$3200, grain, insurance $3000; Fred Kus
ter, $3000, grain, insurance $2400; P. L.
Hutchinson, $2400, grain, insurance
$1750; J. M. C. Jasper, $2000, grain, in
surance $1700; F. R. Lofton, $4800,
grain, no insurance; A. Gallagher, $1200,
grain, no insurance; Mrs. A. W. Oak
ley, $670, grain, no insurance; James
Farris, $670, grain, no insurance; M. J.
Curtis, $675, grain, Insured. Other grain
in warehouses makes the total loss on
grain $40,000. W. B. Atkinson, dwelling
and barn, $200, insured; Mrs. Fraser,
$1000, dwelling, Insurance $800; F. T.
Burdlck, household goods, $300, no in
surance.
Georgo Dalbey. planing mill, $3000, no In
surance; J. A. Stewnrt, wagon shop, $1400,
no insurance; John Stoinman. Chinatown,
$1500, no Insurance; E. E. Roddan, lumber
yard and dwelling-. $10,000. insured; South
ern Pacific Company, two loaded cars,
two empties, stockyards and sidetracks,
$7000. .
It is estimated that the total loss will
reach $180,000. The whole business part of
the town is in ashes. There is but one
small grocery store left in town, and we
have a hop population of about 5000 to
feed. Temporary building will begin at
once to provide for this trade.
OTHER DISASTROUS FIRES.
Wineries, Fences and Cordwood Con-
sumed in Santa Cruz County.
SAXTA CRUZ, Aug. 12.— Yesterday Wil
liam Maitland's fine residence on Bear
Creek, together with the fences, winery
and several hundred cords of wood, were
destroyed by fire, which was caused by a
defective flue. Loss about $15,000.
Forest fires have destroyed 1800 cor<?.=t of
wood owned by Notley Bros., near Boul
der Creek; also W. Horstman's winery,
and much wood and fencing owned by H.
Horstman.
Hay Burning on the Pacheco Ranch.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 12.— A fire origin
ated from some unknown cause last night
in a pile of hay on the Pacheco ranch,
near Fairfax, and It Is still running in
the gulches near that place. Consider
able damage has been done and a large
force of men is at wor<» fighting it.
NAVAL HEROES
GAIN NUMBERS
Sampson Is Appointed
Rear-Admiral.
SCHLEY TAKES RANK NEXT
CAPTAIN PHILIP IS MADE A
COMMODORE.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 12.— For some
unknown reason the administration de
cided not to adhere to its formerly ex
pressed announcement that promotions
in the navy would be made on the
recommendations of a board whose
duty it should be to review the achieve
ments of naval officers throughout the
Spanish war, and to-day the Navy De
partment made public the following
promotions in the North Atlantic fleet,
previous publication? having been in
accurate in some particulars. These are
ad interim commissions and hold until
the Senate confirms or rejects them.
They take date of August 10, 1898, and
in each case are for eminent and con
spicuous conduct in battle:
Commodore William T. Sampson, ad
vanced eight numbers and appointed a
rear admiral from August 10, 1898, for
eminent and conspicuous conduct in bat
tle; takes rank next after Rear Admiral
John A. Howell.
Commodore Winfield S. Schley, ad
vanced six numbers and appointed a rear
admiral from same date and for the same
reasons; takes rank next after Rear Ad
miral William T. Sampson.
Captain John W. Philip, advanced five
numbers and appointed a commodore;
takes rank next after Commodore John C.
Watson.
Captain Francis J. Higginson, advanced
three numbers; takes rank next after
Captain Bartlett J. CromweLL
Captain Robley D. Evans, advanced
five numbers; takes rank next after Cap
tain Charles S. Cotton. -.■ » t '? '■ ..:•-• •
Captain Henry Taylor, advanced ■t - five
numbers; takes rank next after Captain
John J. Read.
Captain Francis A. Cool, advanced five
numbers; takes rank next after Captain
Yates Sterling.
Captain Charles E. Clark, advanced six
numbers; takes rank next after Captain
William C. Wise.
Captain French E. Chadwick, advanced
five numbers; takes rank next after Cap
tain Charles D. Sigsbee.
Lieutenant . Commander Raymond P.
Rodgers, advanced live numbers; takes
rank next after Lieutenant Commander
Charles S. Cornwall.
Lieutenant Commander Seaton Schroe
der, advanced three numbers; takes rank
next after Lieutenant Commander Dun
can Kennedy.
Lieutenant Commander Richard Wain
wrlght, advanced ten numbers; takes
rank next after Lieutenant Commander
James D. J. Kelly.
Lieutenant Commander John A. Rodg
ers. advanced five numbers; takes rank
next after Lieutenant Commander Edwin
W. Moore.
Lieutenant Commander James K. Cogs
well, advanced five numbers; takes rank
next after Lieutenant Commander James
Selfridge.
Lieutenant Commander William P. Pot
ter, advanced five numbers. Takes rank
next after Lieutenant Commander Eben
czer S. Prim.
Lieutenant Commander G. B. Harber,
advanced five numbers. Takes rank next
after Lieutenant Commander Rathen E.
Nile*
Lieutenant Commander Newton E.
Mason, advanced five numbers. Takes
rank next after Lieutenant Commander
Benjamin H. Buckingham.
Lieutenant Alexander Sharp Jr., ad
vanced five numbers. Takes rank next
after Lieutenant William G. Cutler. x
Lieutenant Harry Huse, advanced five
numbers. Takes rank next after Lieu
tenant R. Bush.
Lieutenant Charles MacConnell, ad
: vanced two numbers. Takes , rank next
after Chief Engineer John Lowe.
Chief Engineer John L. Hannum. ad
vanced two numbers'. Takes rank next
after Chief Engineer Henry S. Ross.
Chief Engineer Alexander B. Bates, ad
vanced three numbers. Takes rank next
after Chief Engineer John D. Ford.
Chief Engineer Robert W. Milligan, ad
vanced three numbers. Takes rank next
after Chief Engineer Alexander B. Bates.
Chief Engineer Charles W. Rae, ad
vanced three numbers. Takes rank next
after Chief Engineer George W. Baird
Chief Engineer Warner B. Bailey, ad
vanced two numbers. Takes rank next
after Chief "Engineer Charles W. Cowie
Passed Assistant Engineer George W.
McElroy, advanced three numbers and ap
pointed chief engineer. Takes rank next
after Chief Engineer Robert I. Reed
Commander Bowman H. McCalla ad
vanced six numbers and appointed a cap
tain to restore him to his original place
on the navy list. Takes rank next after
Captain Caspar F. Ooodrich.
The following take rank from the same
date, but different reasons are assigned
for their advancement:
Lieutenant (junior grade) Victor Blue
advanced five numbers for extraordinary
heroism. Takes rank next after Lieuten
ant (junior grade) Ford H. Brown
Lieutenant Colonel Robert w. Hunting
ton, advanced one number and' appointed
a colonel in the Marine Corps for emin
ent and conspicuous conduct In battle
Captain George F. Elliott, advanced
three numbers for the same reason.
Takes rank next after Captain Carlyle
■?\£°V:Vi Unlted Stilteß Marine Corps.
♦ First Lieutenant Louis P. Lucas, given
the rank of captain by brevet in the" Ma
rine Corps for conspicuous conduct in the
battle of Guantanamo, Cuba, to date
from the 12th day of June, 1893.
First Lieutenant Kendall C. Neville,
given the rank of captain by brevet, from
the same date and for the kime reason.
Second Lieutenant J. S. Maglll, given
the rank of first lieutenant and captain
by brevet in the Marine Corps for good
judgment and gallantry in the battle at
So' o antanam0 ' from the 13th day of June.
1593. . . ■ ,
Second Lieutenant Philip Bannon. given
the rank of first lieutenant by brevet in
the Marine Corps for conspicuous service
IV th at , tle of Guantanamo, Cuba, from
the 13th day of June, 1898.
Captain Paul St. C. Murphy, given the
rank of major by brevet in the Marine
Corps for gallant service in the naval
battle off Santiago, from the 3d day of
J oiy * i.ot)S< • . .
Second ; Lieutenant Thomas S. Borden,
given the rank of first lieutenant by brev
et in the Marine Corps for distinguished
service in the naval battle of Santiago,
from the 3d day, of July, 1898. i
Influences of the war on politics
discussed by prominent peopla in
i next Sunday's Call.
MEN
Who feel pleasure la
living &re those who
are in full possession
of all their faoultiea,
and who have the use
of all their functions
in % thorough way.
Bat only whole men
can do this. Half men
and the weak of the
earth cannot. But hai*
men may again become
whole men.
FIT
Yes ! fit for anything
is what you ought to
be. But if by stupid
excesses you have ren-
dered life a burden and
not a pleasure, "Hud-
yan" will come to your
asßistanoe. It is not
neoassary. for you to
consider what has
- . caused your run-down
condition ; "Hudyan'»
makes up for lost tL
tality.
FOR E==
I For all kinds of lost
vital foroe. Send for
oiroulars that will
show you just what
has been accomplished
for 21,000 men who
were weak. Ask for
medical advioe, too.
You will not be charged
a oent for either. Get
this advioe, get then
oiroulars and become a
man again — a man fit,
if necessary, for
WARJ=^
Notice the slightest sjen of blood PO*»°«;
Thin eyebrows, copper-colored ,■]£*■ °£ ">•
body, loose teeth, etc. Ask for "80-day blood-
cure" circular*, or call at the institute if you
can. Remember all advice is free. AH 'circu-
lar* are free. Why not have what you can «et
without a cent of coat to you fre«T
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON. MABKIT AND ILUI IT&,
SAN FRANCISCO.
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE
North German Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG, GERMANY. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. . 2897. and for the
year ending- on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State ox Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS. •
Loans on bonds and mortgages $74,000 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 404,410 00
Cash in company's office : 1,463 65
Cash in banks 116,413 65
Interest due and accrued on all stocks
and loans 4.400 07
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 874 67
Premiums in due course of collection. 194,379 10 .
Total assets 1795,941 M
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $2,11138
Losses in process of adjustment or In
suspense 37,455 42
Losses resisted, including: expenses.... 3,000 00
Gross premiums on fire risks running
one year or less, $392,791 77; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent 196,395*83
Gross premiums on fire risks running
more than one year, $189, 652 54; rein-
surance pro rata 109,048 45
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc • • 1,428 63
All other demands against the com- -
pany .' 98,832 07 -
. Total liabilities $449,302 78
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $439,583 98
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages > 2, 713 02
Received for Interest and dividends on
bonds, stocks, loans . and from all
other sources 16,199 00
Received for remittance from home
office w 10.000 00
Total Income $468,501 00
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
cluding- $27,713 53 losses of previous
years) $207,616 84
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 131,123 68
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 5,110 00
Paid for State, national and local
taxes • 2.595 07
All other payments and expenditures. 13.340 S3
Total expenditures $353,732 42
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $222.966 58
Risks and Premiums. Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks _ _
written during the year $49,653,877 $665,715 81
Net amount of risks ex- _
plred during the year.. .41,833,075 668,740 70 .
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1897 ■ .^ .„■! 44,113,606 682.444 31
~~ ~~ ADOLPH LOEB, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 21st
day «&£i&2& fo^iformaVBh°,l&,
WALTER SPEYER,
225 Sansome Street, S.F.,
General Agent for the Pacific Coast
gw PALACE w?
'GRAND hotels*
j? BAH FKAHCtaCO. A
**, Connected by a covered passageway. J*
O 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attaohed. ©
O All Under One Management. - . O
o NOTE THE PRICES: A •
Z. European Plan.* 1.00 per day and upward -»
O American P1»n.53.()0 per day and upward V
A Correspondence Solicited. . A
0 JOHN 0. KIBK?ATBICK. Xusgir. . Q
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
Woodburys Facial Soap, Facial Cream. Fa-
cial Powder and Dental Cream have the In- '■
dorsement of the Medical and Dental Profes-
sion, and are sold everywhere at 25c each.
||ljjy^F INJECTION. «!
I A PERMANENT CURE I
1 1 of th« mont obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea 1 1 :
( , ana : Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 <' . ■
I , days ;no other treatment required. • ] i
i 1i 1 ' Sold by all druggists. 5 .WILL FIGHT
THE McNAB
DELEGATION
Oakland Democrats
Are Up in Arms.
IS A MATTER OF PRINCIPLE
DELEGATES ACBOSS THE BAY
ALL OF ONE MIND.
•Tliey Declare Their Intention to Op
" •• . ; .pose the Whispering Boss
■"*-..:' at the State Con
.; ■";'••'• •' vention.
••.:■•, GARLAND. Aug. Alameda County
. ;'l^moc'rats are practically a unit in sup
'■; port' 6t the plan under way throughout
■, : :the- State to purify the party by ridding
■'■it "for all time of the leeches they be
■•.ii'le've'ate sucking its life blood. The re
:',.Voli against, the Alford-Gould-McNal)
•'-. tactics,. reaches to every section of the
--"couEty; and bo far not a delegate has
:> . -betsh discovered who declines to aid in
••■•"tH:e; overthrow of these worthies.
.• ■-••■.Aiameda Democrats do not regard these
'• tactics as in any way bearing on the can
•■• araacy'-of Judge Magoire, who has a
: - -' ; i#ig following throughout the county.
: ■:•= Tney do' not believe Maguire would lend
• jbountenance to such a scheme; they
•simply 'look upon it as a plea of unprin-
' -pled" ".'politicians to fasten their grasp
■•' '-.upW-the party for all time, even though
■ ~tW drag it down to helpless defeat.
. -Hiking- at it in this light the Maguire
■' ■ni.'Sn.-are.as warmly in favor of the over
:-': -'. ■■throw" of the San Francisco machine as
'. " tthos« who might have some other guber
: : •natiJrial preference, and consequently
;'• '.M-heyr are working hand in hand to res
1 -lujs the Democracy from the political pi
'; '.r-axe-s -.... are attempting to hoist the
: ': : frlacTc flag at the peak.
■•; .'Even' the old factional fight is forgo.ten
."..••in tEe present crisis, and without an ex
■ CoptfQQ the delegates, so far as they have
'■■ keen polled on the subject, have declared
•". themselves In line with the sentiments ex
-. pressed by W. W. Foote and M. F. Tar
".- jjeyl two- of the delegates at large, a few
" day*} ago :in The Call.
;'-'.'With; '- '.'With the purpose in view of deciding
/••upcfiV-!. spine plan of action, a meeting of
•. ihe" { deiegates has been called for to-mor
• row'-. night. . The action of the committee
;•• of :l'00 will bo thoroughly ventilated, and it
. is : th:e:''pufpose to adopt some measure
". .-■whereby all the delegates from outside of
-, San ; '-Fri£ncisco can unite for the welfare
} "of the party and the overthrow of the
M\fN"ab combination. Of course the plan
:"' ■wkV'tii? to light against the seating of the
'. Francisco delegation, arid it is cer
'..taip.-tnat the" Aiameda contingent will go
to-Sacramento, with very few if any ex
° ; Septions, determined to fight to the last
.: -against th<j recognition of the men from
-Across the bay.
-•'••■• "Halving published the sentiments of W.
.•..W..-.F.oote and M. F. Tarpey, two of the
.---three-delegates at large from this county,
■ • .'■oii^th-e'- subject, a number of other dele- j
■■■gates .were seen to-day and asked to give
>. : tte"ir"-opi.nion; .as will be seen, they are all j
] •■.'ixt'fa.y'or^of the unseating of the San Fran- !
•• •cisosans..--. -> ■ - • ■■ _•■ ' / '• ■
-.:. v : .i:'Wymance, for years the chairman !
••of t'iie County Committee, one of the fore- [
. ' jmdat- Democrats in the County and one
■'who has .always- fought for the best inter- |
-•"."fein&"of- tlie party, said to-night that the
. -.Beiit'iraent throughout the county is in
tensely- bitter against the work of the I
'i-jtfGNaß gang in ban Francisco.
■■': &hi h methods, said he, could only re
.•.'BUlt -in" the crushing defeat of the party, ;
■•• ••'|6r ; - every honest Democrat would take j
V the '.'Jiiiy means in his power to express j
.■•his -resentment against such disgraceful
•. b"Q3.s; : .rul^i which was to vote against the
•".; ciiadjdates-put up by the bosses. For
-.:. ms : p'arChe believed that whatever ticket
'•was -nominated by the State convention
■' Voulcl be benefited were the Alford
: (>■ ..iU-MtNab delegation from San Fran
- o'iscVref used recognition, for were those
.'• irien'- allowed to participate in the naming
:-' -of 'the ticket, it would drive many votes
■■•a.way.v .The fusion Populists would re
•'fuse- t0.. -support Maguire under such con
.;' dltipns; preferring rather to stay with |
-, Sl3-a.h-3.han and the "Middle-of-theßoad- j
■:ers"'thari- to be mixed up in any .way with
" euch .unclean politics. Democrats, too,
;.,-wrti Old stay at home in preference.
~ ~;Mx. Laymance said he appreciated the
•■ difficulty in the way of overthrowing the
' big' delegation from San Francisco, which
" -Will be solidly combined against the many
• email- delegations, but he felt that the ef
•■ fort" should- be made and he was confident i
•the; Alameda delegation would be prac
. tlcariy solid for the movement. He had !
• talk-ed with many of the delegates and
found- them all in favor of the unseating
. 61 "the M-cNabites.
.i" .''How: can any honest Democrat be oth
.. erwise,!' concluded Mr. Laymance, "for if
that, crowd Is allowed to get away with
" its steal, this time, then good-by to tho
principles of the party for all time. If the
■•■ people. are to be prevented from choosing
" the -delegates to their conventions what is
•""to-tecome of the Democracy? Where is
• ■ the. Democratic party if it permit such a
-thing"? .If bossism is to prevlal, then let
' • the .-.bosses name the candidates direct
•■: without" going to the trouble of holding
' .conventions."
■ '":.- H-. C. McPike, one of the delegates from
• the '-Fifth Ward, when questioned in re
. ard'.to the McNab tactics and the Mc
?ab' delegation, said:
" • • "I am going to a meeting of delegates
• to ; morrow night, called for the very pur
■•; pose.- of discussing this matter. I do not
• - know how the others feel on the ques
tion, but so far as I am personally con
.c.efiied I feel that the action of the Gould
•'-'Alford-McNab clique Is as far from true
:■■ Democratic principles as can be imag
;. lned T : Nothing more undemocratic was
ever : heard of and if there is any possible
.'■' chariot to unseat the McNab outfit I will
• • do. everything In my power to aid in its
EV-.corn-plishm< nt. ■ I will also exert all my
k-" Influence with the other delegates to se
rewfe; their co-operation in the purification
-. of th.c.. party,"
':•••.• .P.. E. :Dalton, one of the Sixth Ward
delegates,, and a leading spirit in Dem
.' oeratje politics of Oakland, said to-night:
'••"Of- .course I am opposed to the Gould
."..AWoj'd-JVlcNab tactics. What honest
. •■pemocfat Is not? They have usurped one
.•.'■ofitlije fundamental principles of Democ
. ra,py..; :T am certainly opposed to the seat
■,. Ink .of 'the delegation named by that
. ■!'j/-: -and will heartily support any
■ T'ierit having for Its object their
.- unseating.. The Democratic party can bet
'••.: tf'.r- : "atpp.rd to suffer temporary defeat than
" to'-h.aye,.4uch a gang shackled to it."
.-. . .::\\ .. -C: ' Price, a commission merchant
...doing;: business In San Francisco. is
• etfongljr opposed to the recognition of an
- . aßppinted delegation at Sacramento. "I
• 0.0 not believe that San Francisco or any
-, -other -county should appoint a delegation.
•..J>et the ; people," said he last night, "have
• .-.an .oppertunity of showing their choice
■ at the.- polls in a fair and honest pri
••. rnar : y. . The greatest, strongest and most
;■; convincing argument that can be ad
',- "vanced. against the appointing of dele
:t^s-to either a State or county con
• vention. that it is undemocratic
•.. .CD.' Ogara, who is prominent In Demo
• etatfe fin airs in the Sixth Ward is a
' : most pronounced opponent of the McNab
tactics. -. "1 don't believe," said he yes
•.t«rday,- "in one man power or in boss
-•power. I have had a little experience In
that' line. It is wrong to appoint dele
; pati.-s. The people should always be
■ given "an- opportunity to express their
■ .-choice at the polls. 60 far as I m con
■ cerned; I would vote to unseat any dele
•" gat-ion" that came into political existence
•"."through an appointive power."
'■'■' P. Godcheaux of San Leandro declares
• himself. in. favor of taking any steps nec
•.'■ .. ■ ,r -. -. for the purification of politics and
H. the good' of the Democratic party. "Up
■ '.-to* ."the" present," said. Mr. Godcheaux, "I
•hairc-paid little attention to politics out
. "side of my own county, and I cannot say
.'•that I- -am entirely familiar with the situ
ation, in -San Francisco. However, I do
. : tnfnk .the abolition of primaries is un
democratic, and I will support the proper
" • delegates in any move that will, tend to
FROM THE LONE STAR STATE.
Ex-Governor James S. Hogg of Texas Now
in This Cits-
Hon. James S. Hogg. ex-Governor of Texas, is In the city. When he left his
home in Austin he expected to reach Sail Francisco In time to sail for Hono
lulu on the steamship Mariposa along with the Hawaiian Commissioners, but he
was delayed on the rail by washouts and did not arrive here until the steamer
had Failed. It is his plan "now to visit Oregon and Alaska before returning to
Texas. He will make the Journey in company of John P. Pryor, special agent
of the United States General Land Office. Mr. Hogg served two terms as At
torney General and two terms as Governor of Texas. He attended the recent
Democratic State convention of Texas, and while he would be pleased to meet
his Democratic fellow men of California, he hardly feels equal to another Dem
ocratic convention this summer, although a pressing invitation to visit Sacra
mento next week has been extended to him.
Governor Hogg is one of the able and progressive public men of the Lone Star
State. He is a conspicuous ligure in national conventions of his party, having
attained recognition as an orator and debater of great skill and eloquence.
free the Democratic party of boss rule
and for pure politics."
Attorney W. B. White— The principle of
appointing delegates is entirely wrong.
The delegates should be elected by the
people. I am opposed and always will be
to an appointing power in matters of this
kind. Delegates sent to a State, county
or municipal convention are there to rep
resent the people. If they are selected
by one man or three men. or a combina
tion of men, those selecting them are as
suming a power that is not Democratic.
As I understand It, the Democratic party
is the party of the people and an> as
sumption of appointing power is undem
ocratic. I believe that the people should
at all times have the say as to who
should represent them. Lot there be pri
maries held whenever possible, and then
the people will have an op™" 11 " 1^ °*
expressing tneir views concerning -ose
who are supopsed to represent them in
convention. The appointment of dele
gates is against every Democratic prill
Cl F 'w Leonhardt, member Democratic
State Central Committee— have always
been opposed to any appoint power. As
a member of the Democratic State Cen
tral Committee I have simply this to
say that I believe in doing unto others
as you would have them do unto you.
I would not be satisfied with an appoint
ed delegation from San Francisco Coun
ty this county or any other county. I
believe that the people who will be ex
pected to support the Democratic ticket
next election day should have some little
voice in the matter of selecting the dele
gates who are to represent them at bac
ramento. While I may not have suffi
cient influence or power to unseat the
appointed delegates from San Francisco.
I believe that these should be unseated
and if the opportunity is afforded me I
shall vote to unseat them.
Hon. Seth Man-I believe that the
authority to appoint delegates to a con
vention should not be encouraged. There
may be occasions, however, when the ap
pointment of delegates may be advisable
and even necessary. Generally speaking.
I believe that primaries should be held
whenever practicable, „„„.,+
T C Sloddard, a prominent Democrat,
ex-postmaster of Alamefla— l never be
lieved In the appointment of delegates,
the principle Is decidedly wrong. By this
method the McNab faction can perpet
uate themselves in power— can elect
their own chairman of the State Cen
tral Committee and that individual can
appoint twenty committeemen at large.
Then they can appoint another commit
tee of one hundred and control the dele
gation from San Francisco every elec
"l'ara frank to say." Mr. Stoddard con
tinued, "that; I know nothing about the
personnel of either delegation, but the ap
pointment of a delegation for a large body
of Democrats is a bad principle to estab
lish as a precedent. In my judgment such
a large body of Democrats as is to be
found In San Francisco should have the
privilege of electing their own delegates.
I do not consider U good politics to ap
point delegates.
"I cite a similar case when occurred
some years ago in the camp of the enemy,
and, if I remember right, the appointed
delegates were unseated and those who
were elected at primaries were seated.
So it Is really an accepted principle to
send delegates to a convention who were
elected. The other method leads to an
Improper control. I favor the recognlton
of those delegates who were properly
elected at primaries."
F. W. Voopt, another State delegate
from Alameda who is numbered among
the city's leading Democrats, and is pres
ident of the Alameda Bimetallic Club, 18
opposed to the method employed by the
McNab faction. "In case of needed ac
tion." says Mr. Voogt, "I would favor a
compromise— that Is. I would favor giving
each delegation half a vote."
T. S. Crandall, who has always taken a
prominent part in Democratic politics in
i AJarrieda County, and who -is an earnest
worker in the interest of his party, waa
also honored with election as a delegate
to the Democratic State Convention.
When interviewed to-night he said: "I
am heartily opposed to the appointment of
any set of delegates by that committee. I
shall go to Sacramento as a delegate
elected at the primary, and I shall most
assuredly oppose the seating of the dele
gation appointed by the committee. It
doesn't give the rank and file of the
Democratic party a fair and square deal."
ROW IN THE BOYS' HOME.
Some of the Directors Resigned on
Account of Manager Hutch
inson.
There has beon a split-up in the insti
tution known as the Boys' Home, owing
to a general dissatisfaction on the part
of the directors with A. H. Hutchinson,
th<- manager. At one time the home
was in a prosperous condition, but on
the resignation of D. M. Carman it took
the downhill course until recently, when
the active members of the Eureka So
ciety for the Protection of Children un
dertook to put it on its feet again, giv
ing it the name of the San Francisco
Boys' Home.
A board of direr-tors waa elected and
there was every prospect that the insti
tution would be one of thn best estab
lished charitable organizations in the
State Hutchinson was retained as man
ager ' and he assured the directors that
the debts amounted to only $7.
An inspection of the home at 26 Laurel
place made some of the directors do
some thard thinking, for, according to
the statement of ono of the number the
place was not fit for human habitation.
However, it was filled with the family
and relations of Hutchlnaon, leaving but
THE SAST FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, AUGUST 13, 1898.
little room for the boys. Mr. Hutchin
son refused to be dictated to by the di
rectors or give any report of the finances
and debts. This was too much, and the
following officers resigned yesterday: L.
R. Goldberg, vice president; Mrs. E. L.
Wadham. treasurer; E. L. Wadham, D. S.
O'Brien, Mrs. R. Clayton Brower, J. A_
Waldteufel and Dr. A. B. Wilson.
This general resigning was preceded by
establishing another home for boys on
Howard street, near Sixteenth. It Is the
determination of those who have left the
old organization to establish a home of
their own and leave Mr. Hutchinson to
shift for himself. The condition of the
home on Laurel place is such that the
health officers were notified last evening
and askt-d to make an inspection of the
premises.
The other side, those who did not re
sign, tell a different story. Mrs. Pettee.
the president, says that the trouble was
all caused by the Eureka Society people
wanting to handle all the money and
Mr. Hutchinson, who had managed to
keep the home alive for many months, re
fused to be dictated to and let others
get the credit of his work. Mrs. March
is another who has stayed with the old
home, and she takes the same view as
Mrs. Pettee;
AMATEURS DISCUSS
McARTHUR'S STATUS
Pacific Athletic Association Refers
His Case to the Registration
Commissioner.
At a meeting of the Pacific Athletic As
sociation held yesterday the following
delegates were present: W. ■ R. . Berry,
president of the Reliance Athletic Club,
in the chair; A. P. Rothkopf, of the Dol
phin Boating Club; J. D. Mahoney, of the
South Ends; J. R. Bockman, of the Ariels;
W. C. Espy, of the Plneers; John Elliott,
of the Olympic Boating Club; H. C. Guit
tard, of the Union Athletic Club, and G.
A. Hinkel of the Lurline Club. The com
mittee appointed to Investigate the Len
Hausler matter recommended that the
medal, at present in Hauser's possession,
be handed over to the association, to be en
graved with Hausler's name, and turned
over to the Dolphin Club, of which Haus
ler was a member at the time of his win
ning the medal. -x^
Medals were awarded to the following
winners of the swimming races held last
month at the iAirline Baths.
50 yards, maiden race— H. A. Wledemann,
Lurline Club; time, :23%; G. A. Hinkel, Lurline
Club; Emil Bartman, Dolphin Club.
W) yards, championship race — H. F. Brewer,
Lurline Club; time, 6:10'^; E. B. Stolle, unat
tjiclied.
7.'. yards, maiden race — H. A. Wledemann,
Lurline Club; time, :42; Q. A. Ulnkel, Lurline
Half mile, championship race— E. B. Stolle.
Dolphin Club; time, 13:53; J. E. Odgers, Lurline
2''o yards, championship— H. F. Brewer, Lur
line Club; time, 2:51; G. A. Hinkei.
100 yards, championship— ll. A. Wlodemann,
Lurline Club; time, 1:06; Stuart MacDougall,
Lurline club.
One mile, championship— E. B. Stolle, Dol
phin Club: time, 20:20; Stuart MacDougall.
Races held at Lurline Baths on July 15: 25
"ard race — H. A. Wledemann, world's record.
•r 4-r.
mo yard race— H. F. Brewer, world's ama
teur record, 2€:19 2-5.
Races held at Lurline Batha on July 3. 50
jard race — H. A. "Weidemann. wirli's record,
"sSO yard race— H. F. Brewer; time, 12:45 2-5.
With regard to R. Me.Arthur, a mem
ber of the South End barge crew that will
row against the Alamedas at the Astoria
regatta on the 19th, 20th and 22d, it was
suggested that the race will be In the
nature of an exhibition, that there wui
ha no gate receipts and no Individual
prizes, and that in such an event ama
teurs may row against professionals with
out forfeiting their amateur standing.
Each oarsman, to protect his standing in
the Amateur Athletic Union, has been
Instructed to lodge a formal protest
against the inclusion of McArthur in the
South End crew with the referee of the
Astoria regatta. The chairman thought
that McArthur ought to be suspended
until the Registration Commissioner shall
have passed upon his case. It waa stated
that the Astoria regatta will be held un
der the auspices of the National Associa
tion of Amateur Oarsmen, an affiliated
body of the Amateur Athletic Union; that
the Alameda crew are members of that as
sociation, and that the South Ends have
applied for membership. Ultimately the
case of McArthur was referred to the
Registration Commissioner, who has large
discretionary powers in such cases.
A junior oarsman or sculler was defined
to be one who has never won a race, an
intermediate oarsman or sculler, one who
has won a junior race, but has never won
an intermediate or senior event; and a
senior oarsman or sculler one who has
won an intermediate or senior event.
The annual meeting of the Pacific Ath
letic Association will be held on the third
Monday in September at the rooms of
the Reliance Athletic Club, Oakland.
More Dentists Graduated.
The annual session of the California
State Board of Dental Examiners was
held during the current week at the Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons, and at
the dental department of the University
of California. Twenty-one applicants
were examined and fourteen were passed
by the board. Dr. G. S. Backman of
San Francisco was elected president of
the board for the ensuing year, and Dr.
W. A. Moore of Benicia, the incumbent,
was re-elected secretary.
HISTORIAN BANCROFT
MUST PAY DAMAGES
VEBDICT FOR MORE THAN
TWELVE THOUSAND.
Jury Decides That He fcroke His
Contract With N. J. Stone and
Must Pay the Consid
eration.
H. H. Bancroft, who wears the laurels
as the most voluminous historian that ever
wrote by proxy, was the victim of a
Judge and jury yesterday in the United
States Circuit Court. Before the noon re
cess all the evidence had been presented
and at 2:30 p. m. the case of Hambly vs.
Bancroft was submitted to the jury. Af
ter deliberating for about an hour they
returned a verdict awarding the plaintiff
$9833 33 for salary sued for and due N. J.
Stone (who assigned his claim to Ham
bly), together with interest and costs ag
ereiratlns: $12,250. _
This is the third Judgment won by Stone
on his contract with Bancroft, the first
and second having been awarded by jur
ies In the Superior Court of this city.
The story of the case is that Stone en
tered into a ten-year contract beginning
August 20, 18S6, with Bancroft whereby
Stone was to have charge of the publica
tion and sale of the Bancroft histories,
he to hold a one-tenth interest in the
History Company and to draw *too per
month salary. Stone and Bancroft had
a falling out, the nature and cause of
which did not appear in the evidence and
Bancroft's agent not only refused to al
low him to do the work laid out. for him
in the contract, but refused also to pay
hi X was^cSnded by Attorney W. F
Michael, representing the law firm of
Page McCutcheon & Eells. that Stone
broke the contract by becoming the agent
of a jag cure before the filing of the comp
laint in the present case. Stone proved,
however, that he went into the jag cure
business after the Bancroft people had
refused to allow him to work for them,
and that his sales did not produce suffi
cient to pay his board. The present suit
was for his wages from April 1, 1594, to
August 20. 18%.
The plaintiff was represented by Messrs.
Reddy and Orton of the law firm of
Reddy, Campbell and Metson.
LUPE SAUCEDO DISAPPEARS.
The Little Italian Girl Missing From
Her Home Since Last Monday.
Lupe Saucedo. a girl S years of age,
disappeared suddenly from her home at
736 Broadway Monday night, and has not
been seen since. Various theories have
been advanced as a solution to the mys
tery, among them abduction and acciden
tal death.
It Is alleged that the child's parents
have been in the habit of abusing her,
and for this reason she has left her home.
Others affirm that she was abducted by
some man who was probably attracted by
her beauty, and a few that some charit
ably inclined woman has taken pity on
the child by placing her in an institu
tion.
When last seen she was in company
with a child of her own age playing in a
neighboring yard. Where she went after
this is a mystery as no one saw her leave
the yard. , .
A short time before she disappeared she
complained that her face and hands were
paining her, she having been brutally
thrown against a hot stove that morning
by her mother who was acting under an
Impulse of anger caused by drunken
frenzy. , . . .
That the child was ever abused Is de
nied by Its parents but Is sustained by
the girl's school teacher at the Broadway
Grammar School, who claims that little
Lupe was in the habit of coming to school
virtually in raps and totally neglected.
It was a novelty to see hor attend class
without some mark of abuse on her body
dealt by the cruel hand of her parent.
When last seen she was poorly, even
raggedly clad in an ordinary woollen dress
and her face bearing the marks of her
recent punishment.
PATRIOTIC HOME HELPERS.
Donations and Subscriptions Are
Coming In Fast.
The Patriotic Home Helpers are work
ing assiduously to alleviate the suffering
of the destitute and needy families of the
men at the front. Every day shows some
noble efforts on the part of this society.
The Union League Club has offered the
organization Its assistance, and Is now so
liciting among the members for dona
tions. ,
Tho following monthly subscriptions
and donations nave been received:
Mrs n H "Warfieid, $3; Mrs. John Landers,
IS; Mrs. Fred Tallant. $3: Mrs. A. Aronstein.
$1 B0- Mrs. H. Meyer, $1 50; Edna Meyer. |1 50;
Julian J. Meyer, tl 50; Alfred F. Meyer. $1 50;
Mrs Henry HalKht, |S0; "Mrs. W. J. Phillips,
$1- Mrs G. W. Granniss, $5; Mrs. N. L. Nokes.
$1; Mr. G. A. Parkyn, $1 50; Mr. H. J. Mor
ton, $1; Dr. T. G. Canney. $1; Mrs. C. J. Dur
brow. $1 uO; Mr. F. A. Swain, Jl M; Mr. A. J.
Sparrow, $50: George li. Cllngman, $1;
Mrs. H. E. Law. ft; Mr. Maurice Ltebman,
12; Mrs. Robert McKenzie, $2 50; Mrs. Whit
ing. $1 50; Mrs. Grant Selfrldsre, $1 60; Raphael
Welll & Co., $25; Mr. W. E. Dean. $2. r >; Mr
WlllUm Babcock, $25; Standard OH Company,
15; Mr. A. D. Shepard. «5: Mr. G. W, Luce.
$5; William Rproule. $5; W. A. Blssell, $5;
H. E. Law, $1; Pontofflce branch R. C, b JSO.
THE FIGHTING MEN.
California Athletic and Swimming
Club Entertainment.
The California Athletic and Swimming-
Club will give an entertainment on Tues
day evening next in Franklin Hall.
Jimmy Rlley and Frank Schuler will box
eight rounds.
"Spider" Kelly, who recently returned
from the Eaat, stated to a reporter of a
morning paper that Jim Corbett would cer
tainly defeat McCoy, and when accosted
by a representative of an evening paper
Mr. Kelly did not hesitate to say that in
his opinion McCoy would whip Corbett.
The "Spider" Is evidently carrying brick
; ;;^ ADVERTISEMENTS.
B-B -B -B- B- B -B -B -■-■-■- K-H -B -B- B- B -B -B -B-B-B
B B
.hI " -^L^. ■ ■ ■ '_'._■'»,. -.'■- ■■
a - ARE YOU A WOMAN WITH A WO- m
I I- \. Jl u^±juuJKU*Mn\MMM ** man's ills, with a woman's nerves, T
• JBJcSBHWEV^ - i-r-" > .* J **f^S I with hor pains and her mental and phy- I
□ Mgaffy* _t- -^-* i/">> J-^teJ -^te "^JmBBI sical misery? Are you a woman? Then " B
I 't w /^yi^B^y/rfJ^A / /'*^^^7ivT»3?feb I appeal to you. $ 1
m | UtM^^^j^j^^^fWM^m, There Is relief from periodical back- ■
, &^XliisS£^sJ&P^tf^i*& '• rHOiiff B aches, headaches and nervousness. ,
' m!mi&3eE&S&g&3&B aUSffi&si There is health and strength for you I
□ BMllLflggFatgrfißisrr /^fflwalß in my simple method. Don't take any B
I BMsSfSngSaT*^ 41ZrlMtiBm&3a more drugs. They only stimulate tor I
IS MTBHjT¥rejFSP>S ._jK^y\™ a day. You must restore the strength B
I mttS&BmLsa? r I and then nature can cure you. Mcdi- |
m BBf°"^^i^tJ I clnt>s are good for some troubles, but ■
■" HebIBV WB&RSGSSm they do not restore strength. Electric- ,
| Wiii&i^&SF jtP?*!fi&'' i ifr / & I ily c ' oes and the best means of using I
" R^v YTv^SaSsfew Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. B
I y^ss^v VA^IP •MiluCll D LlCtlllw DZll. |
I /tflfil , ,/tVv%»-^_^ v^~^iH * have found that my now famous |
■a / / )/ k\ UW^Ohm Vn& \¥HI Electric Belt Is as good for women os X
i I Aft/ Mti //lKTrv\iv r \ %,-2 ior men During the past three years B
' ! ii>'/ Ml 1 *// rift 'lL A \ V\ b hundreds of women have, regained the " |
B Vijj • '''11 fc *« J@i\\ V\l Aw full vi sor of healthy womanhood by Its Q
B "I have been wearing your Belt as advised since the 4th of June, and am happy. to ■
ieay that It has done wonders for me. It has strengthened me and made a different I
■L woman of me. Before wearing the Belt I was not able to sew or do any hard work, 'JL
■■ but now I can sew and work hard all day without feeling tired, like I used to. The ' ■
I Belt has done wonders for me and I tell my friends all about the good It has done me. I
n I can gladly say that lam well of all the complaints I had, which were many, and ' Q
'F wish I could persuade all ladies Buffering as I was to get one of your Belts, for lam I
I sure they would derive great benefits from It. With kind regards." . . . _,
B ■ . ■ - • MRS. D. E. PAXTON, X'klah, Cal. B
I It Is a grand remedy for all weakness in women. It will pour a gentle «■ j
■ glowing warmth into your nerves, soothing them, assisting the circulation *■
1 and building up a vigorous action of all the organs. You will feel better I
B at once and health will soon be yours. Call and examine this wonderful B
| Belt at my office free of charge.' Let me explain to you Its wonderful ef- j
ra fects..- You can test it free. If not convenient to call, send, for my book, JL
Tfects. You can test If is convenient call, relating to woman's _
"Maiden, Wife and Mother." It is full of information relating to woman's W
' weakness, and may save you years of misery and useless drugging. At- I
B tend to it to-day— do not put It off. Call or address, 0
7 DR. A. T. SANDEN, * — — — — — * i
■ 70S Market Btreat, Corner Kearny, San Francisco. NOT , N DRUB STORESi B
■1 702 Market Strest, Corner Kearny, baa Vrantisso. v • • Q
I Office hours, 8 a." m. to Bp. m. : Sundays, 10 Dr - Sanden's Electric Belt . I
Bto 1 Branches at Los Angeles, ' Cal., 2MH : Js never sold in drug stores m
I South Broadway: Portland. Or.. 253. Washing- nor by. traveling agents; only ■»
L ton street; Denver. Colo.. 931 Sixteenth street; . - « our office. , I
B Pallas. ,, Tex... 235 - Main, street. ' ;. ' T ♦— — ;.. . — — ■ ■ — — — ■■» ■
i ;• - • ■' ■'.:■-"- '■' ■■ '• '■- '■ :' ■ ■ -"•" ,;V" '.''-'■-• ttjoS^HKcßgmmMjKSmßX^Kffj ,'■ | '
B-B-B- B- B-B-B -B-^-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B- B-B,
on both shoulders. He stated last even
ing that he would like very much to meet
Tom Tracey in a 20-round contest. Evi
dently the long-legged pugilist would
have no objection to the short end of a
California fighter's stake.
Although McConnell whipped McKeever
the sporting people of this city would like
very much to see McKeever and Tracey
in action, as they are both generals.
The "Western Athletic Club has grown
weary of Griffo. who Is now under the
influence of powerful steam. The direc
tors of the club are negotiating with Jack
Granfleld and Jimmy Lawlor and doubt
less a match will be made in the near
future.
DRUGGISTS COMBINE.
Association to Secure Unity, Har-
mony and a Regulation
of Prices.
About 100 druggists convened in the Al
cazar building- last night to form an as
sociation for the purpose or raising the
prices on patent medicines to cover the
war tax, to agree upon uniform prices
and to desist from all counter prescrib
ing. Commissions to physicians will be
abolished and a general harmony brought
about among druggists.
Julian L. Waller presided. He was
elected president of the new association:
David Fletcher was appointed treasurer
and secretary. An executive committee
of five was appointed, consisting of W. F.
Wynne, H. L. Ladd. E. P. Gates, M.
Bernheim and H. C. Morrison. The com
mittee on rules is as follows: Chairman,
Dr. Morgan, Messrs. Brommel, Flatow
and Warren.
A committee will be appointed to make
a constant tour of the drug dispensaries
of the city to see that no other than grad
uated pharmacists are employed.
THE FIGHT ON OTIS
DECLARED A DRAW
PRINTERS DECIDE TO PASS NO
RESOLUTION.
Union Labels and District Organiza
tion Are Features of the State
Convention.
The printers In State convention yes
terday concluded that it would not be
politic to pass resolutions upon the ap
pointment of Brigadier General Otis, ow
ing to his connection with the very men
whom the printers desire to meet in the
settlement of difficulties between union
workmen and employers, 'ihe delegates
did not feel disposed to widen the breach.
In line with this conclusion A. J. Read,
A. C. Bchwatka, William Hill, L. P.
Ward and M. A. Melnnis were appointed
a committee to confer with the execu
tive committee of the Labor Council to
arrange a meeting with the Typothetae.
The convention adopted the resolutions
offered by the committee on union labels,
and the committee on laws and resolu
tions that all civic bodies throughout the
State be requested by formal circular to
patronize only printers that use the union
label.
The motion to form a consumers league
v as lost, and a resolution adopted urging
all union men to patronize the union
label. . .
The committee on resolutions reported,
urging the organization of a district
union, to he composed of California. Ore
gon, Washington, Nevada, Utah. Arizona
and Hawaii, to act under the constitu
tion and by-laws of the International
Typographical Union of North America.
The report was adopted.
L P Ward. John Collins and F. E.
Caler reported that the secretary-treas
urer's accounts are correct.
A committee composed of A. C. Schwat
ka E A. Parker and C. B. Huse reported
resolutions of thanks to the press of the
city. the Orpheum Theater. State Board
of "Harbor Commissioners, Board of Su
pervisors, J. J. Keegan. James P. Oliver,
Henry P. Ginlni and John Scott.
The question of Eureka's claims to the
convention next year was referred to A
C Schwatka. Thomas H. Perry and Fred
Caler, to report this afternoon.
The delegates will go out on the bay
this morning, guests of the Harbor Com
missioners, and will conclude their ses
sion this afternoon.
A FLAG DEMONSTRATION.
Ancient Order of United Workmen
Preparing for a Grand
Entertainment.
The various lodges of the Ancient Order
of United "Workmen in this city, have
made arrangements for a grand public
flag demonstration, to be given in the
large hall of the Odd Fellows' building, on
the night of the 15th of next month. This
Is to be a reunion of all the local lodges
and the meeting will be open to the gen
eral public. There is to a programme of
music and song and some of the best ora
tors of the order will deliver addresses.
At the close of the programme, there will
be a dance. The affair is under the direc
tion of the district deputies of the city.
THAT MAP OF IRELAND.
The Work of Setting It Will Begin
Early Next Week .
Arrangements for the Irish Fair have
so far advanced that many exhibitors
will begin the work of erecting their
booths early Monday morning. The floor
has been made ready for the big map
of Ireland; carpenters have already cut
the dividing lines, and after a soft bed
ding of tan bark and felt roofing has
been laid, all will be ready for the dump
ing in of the soil.
An entertainment will be given in
Golden Gate Hall to-night by the com
mittee of the Irish Dancing School for
the benefit of its exhibit in the fair.
First class talent has been secured, and
at the close of the entertainment gen
eral dancing will be enjoyed. A meeting
of St. Patrick's Mutual Alliance will be
held in the Langham Hotel to-night to
consider propositions regarding the fair.
The largest columbarium on earth is
illustrated and described in to-day's News
Letter. •
AD 5 ERTISEMENTS. \ _._ _ .'...■..-.-.-.- „'
■ ■ *- : > -'. ■■v' ?:v >'. -■ * '"■ '"'.' "■■-4. '-/-».. .- *■.""> *■
St/itpnipnt IHp/iiN
that we have absolutely everything in clothes
for the grown man and the growing, coming
man. The largest possible assortment — the
best possible goods— made with particular
reference to wear and offered in the firm
belief that nowhere else can you get such
low prices coupled with such positive values.
This week our efforts are concentrated upon
several lines of exclusively boys' clothing. A3
good values as we have ever offered. -
Double=Breasted Middy Suits.
•^ » , Gray clay worsted suits trimmed with
l/ppTp|*C silk soutache braid and with large anchor
IIVWIVI »3« buttons. The same suit you have been
... • . . , , • ' .- paying $6.50 for. This week DJI IP
As this is school buying time, our v l 6^ OT"iI0
first offer is of a line of double-breasted " Sizes 3to 8 years,
reefer school suits. Large sailor collars v.7 n> . .
and soutache silk braid with the smaller Blue storm serge suits, trimmed with-
sizes and plain collars with the larger silk soutache braid. A regular &A IF
sizes. Quiet, neat suits these, and will value at $6.50. This week only OTiIU
prove good wearers. Sizes 4to 8 years Sizes 3to 8 years,
and Bto 15 years. Selected from lines B | ue serge c heviot suits, same trim-
that have been selling at $3.50, $4.00 ming as ; sujts above. One of our regu.
and $5.00, and offered spe- Of% QC | ar $6.50 suits. This week Ail IP
cially this week at...;.... O&lvU 0n1y.................... UTil J
Sizes 3 to 8 years.
We are matching this particularly Storm serge suits m chocolate brown
good offer with something unprece- and the ne^ shade of brown< Have
dented in knee pants. We have made been reduce(J from th(J tf»Q Qr
up a line from remnants ,n our tailoring , .. c of - ss7sto> JOIOD
department, and are offering what would r
be regular values at $1.00 Pr pl^ We wind up the list with a stunner:
and $2.00 per pair f0r.... DO bib Blue cheviot suit, large inlaid red collar,
white silk soutache braid, large pearl
In cheviots, cassi meres, worsteds and buttons. Reduced from $4.75 flV ft QP
piques. •- to OZIUU
S. N.WOOD & CO.,
718 Market Street. S. F.
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— THE
THURINGIA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ERFURT. GERMANY, ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1897, and for
the year ending on that day. as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant .to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $396,180 00
Cash In company's office 9101
Cash in banks 32,000 00
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 2,166 67
Premiums in due course of collection 109.003 87
Total assets • $539,44155
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense 23.559 55
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 6,134 90
Gross premiums on lire risks run-
ning one year or less, $304,693 43:
reinsurance 50 per cent 152,346 71
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $95,282 04; _ :
reinsurance pro rata 75,203 47
All other demands against the com-
pany ...................; 28,711 55
Total liabilities $285,936 18
INCOME. I,
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums • •• $366,030 92
Received for Interest and •dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 10,000 00
Total'income $376,030 92
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (in-
cluding $1,304 74, losses of previous
years) $107,460 72
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 105, 42S 23
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 21,310 70
Paid for State, national and local ;
taxes ...'. 6,710 15
All other payments and expenditures 107,747 54
Total expenditures $348,657 36
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $129,745 53
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of • risks ■• ■ •
written during the year $44,519,941 $597,709 70
Net amount of risks ex- : • '
pired during the year.. 19,590,070 257,446 12
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1897. .......... .. 30.364,615| 399,975 47
F. G. VOSS, United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this lSth
day of January.- 1898. MARK A. FOOTE,
Commissioner for California in Chicago. •
.'■■■■ i -^—— •*.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
; Manager Pacific Coast Department, .
204-208 SANSOME STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO
STATEMENT
—OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE
Frankfort Marine and Accident
INSURANCE COMPANY.
OF FRANKFORT, GERMANY. ON THH
31st day of December, A. D. 1897. and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up in
cash $312,500 00
ASSETS. .
Real estate owned by company $42,500 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages .. 644,575 00
Cash market value of all stocks and '
bonds owned by company 450,959 43
Cash in company's office..... 12,900 94
Cash In banks 182,317 25
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 1,003 30
Premiums in due course of collection 63,233 54
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid 255,832 03
Total assets $1,653.32149
LIABILITIES..
Losses adjusted and unpaid $151,346 50
Gross premiums on marine and in-
land navigation risks, reinsurance
100 per cent 22,734 74
Gross premiums on marine time -
risks, reinsurance 50 per cent ' 17.013 88
Liability under other departments... 299,632 50
Pension fund '. 11,458 48
All other demands against the com- . .
pany 424,443 81
Total liabilities ..' $526,629, X 92 .
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for ma-
rine premiums — r. $417,013 88
Received i for . premiums in other
branches 712,821 98
Received for interest and dividends I
on ■ bonds, stocks, loans and from ■>
all other sources... .' 31.628 31
Received from all other sources 142.042 51
Total Income $1,303,508 53
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for marine losses.. $331,101 64
Dividends to stockholders 62.500 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 151,828 67
Paid for salaries, fees and other
■ chafges for officers, clerks, etc — 48,549 U
Paid for State, national and local
■ taxes 5,599
All other payments and expenditures 546,933 08
Paid for losses in branches other
than marine 156,995 96
Total expenditures 303. 508 53
F. GERSON, President.
P. DUMCKE, Secretary-
• Sübscribed and sworn to before me this 4th
day Of April, IS?S. FRANK H. MASON.
United States Consul General.
'■
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
Manager Pacific Coast Department,
204-208 SANSOME STREET,
" : SAN FRANCISCO.
ililllill
56
SATURDAY AUGUST 13, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. L EA K E, Ma n a 1 ger.^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S. f.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL BOOMS ....217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main. 1874
THE «AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In trjls city and surroundlos towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 p«r year; per rr.ontt)
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL On* y«ar. by mall. $1.59
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
KEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Bulldlnf
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
Washington (d. cj office Ri£A« hou*»
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Mnrquette BuUdtag
C. GEORGE KKOGNEBS, Advertising Representative.
iRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay. '
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until j
9.30 o'clooK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30 :
o'clock;. 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventl)
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second an*
' Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "His Absent Boy"
Alcazar— "Camllle
WoroBoo'B-"The Cherry Pickers
Tlvoll— "II Trovatore-"
• Orpheum— Vaudeville.
The Chutes-Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 613-pound Man.
Olympia— Corner Mapon and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Eecreatlon Park— Baseball this afternoon,
Coursing-— Onion Coursing Park.
Coursing— lngleslde Coursing Par*,
iutro Baths— Swimming 1 .
El Campo— Music, dancing.boatlner, fishing, every Sunday.
State Fair— Sacramento, Septembers.
Garden Party and Fete— At Crocker's residence, San Mateo,
Saturday, August 13. ___^^__^^^^_
AUCTION SALES.
By G. H. Cmbsen & Co.— Mont-ay, August 15, Real Estate, at
14 Moni6omery street, at 12 o clock. •
c HOLIDAY PROPOSITION.
r LUSHED with a glow of an ardent patriotism
roused to the height of a genuine enthusiasm
by the achievements of our army and navy dur
ing the war, the St. Louis Chronicle calls upon the
pi ess of the country to unite with it in advocating
that the day on which Spain signs the treaty of peace
be set aside as a public holiday to be commemorated
in each :>ucceeding year as the anniversary of the be
ginning of a new era in our history.
That the people will feel like celebrating the vic
tories and glories of the war is beyond question, and
some form of celebration or thanksgiving will doubt
less be carried out in almost every section of the
Union. That much is both natural and advisable.
The plan of making an annual festival of the day, as
proposed by the Chronicic. is, however, too am
bitious. There is no sufficient reason for commem
orating this war any more than the war of 1812 or the
war with Mexico, and if such an attempt were made
it would fail by reason of a lack of popular interest
in it.
We have now more national holidays than we have
the spirit to celebrate. Christmas, the Fourth of
July, Decoration day and Thanksgiving day are
about as many grand holidays as our people care to
keep. Great and ardent as are the respect and love
with which the memory- of Washington is universally
cherished in this country, the annual celebration of
his birthday is very largely a perfunctory observance.
The war with Spain has been but an episode in our
history, and public interest in it will soon pass away.
By this time next year very few people would care to
close their places of business or turn aside from their
work to listen to orations on the Cuban war, or hear
Dewey's victory celebrated in an original poem.
A celebration this year, however, would be most
appropriate and would make a pleasing interlude in
the strife of party politics that is soon to be raging.
When the volunteer boys come marching home they
should be met with a patriotic welcome, and a general
festival might be held in their honor.
We are much given in this country to the holding
of carnivals and the display of pageants and parades.
In every State in the Union one or more of these are
held every summer or fall. It would be proper this
year to devote such festivals to the celebration of
pence with victory and honor, but that would be
enough. The new era will bring us enough good
things without adding to them another national holi
day, when we have already more than the people
generally are able to attend to.
Yesterday the announcement was made that the
fingers of Paderewski had gone back on him. It
was made with pleasure, as the fact was immediately
recognized that a worthy press agent had started in
to earn his salary. It is another pleasure to announce
now that the finpers are all right, and that the press
agent is still keenly alive to the wisdom of applying
a coat of butter to his bread.
Possibly the Republicans who refused to respond
to the Examiner's request for an expression of their
political opinions are merely careful as to whom they
take into their confidence.
When an American signal corps uses a Spanish
barb-wire fence for a telegraph line over which to
flash news of Spanish defeat, insult may be said to
have been added to injury.
Blarco will of course have to pack up and get out
without having fired a shot at the Americans. To be
consistent he will have to arrange for an immediate
court-martial of himself.
While the publication in a New York paper of the
picture of Cecil Rhodes as "T. B. Reed" cannot be ac
cepted as correct, it is about as near accuracy as that
paper ever approaches.
By the way, the Pennsylvania troops who stood so
bravely under a withering fire are the same American
citizens whom Editor Barry declared ought to be
killed like snakes.
The latest Oakland murderer is afflicted with that
peculiar variety of insanity which is best corrected
by suspending the lunatic by means of a well
stretched rope.
The report of the speech made at Manila by a Ger
man officer cannot be fairly judged, for the remarks
he must have added after he got sober are not yet at
hand.
Some Spanish papers accuse your Uncle Sam of
being severe. Well, there have been a number of in
cidents tending to roil the old man.
Garcia's men are having a vacation, but owing to
the lack of American rations there is some doubt as
to whether they are enjoying it much.
GOVERNOR, OR SENATOR, OR BOTH ?
THE replies to The Call's inquiry for favorites
for the gubernatorial nomination brought out
symptoms of the existence of an expectation,
not to say a plan, in Southern California, looking to
securing for that section of the State both the Gover
nor and the United States Senator. The Call has no
quarrel with the local spirit and loyalty of any part of
the State. But we desire to admonish all sections
that such spirit must be tempered by reason and jus
tice. If it overleap these it defeats itself.
The idea is propagated in the south that as the
northern end of the State had the Governor and both
Senators so long, it is a good time to hark back for
a reason for claiming both for the south until a gene
ral average is established, and thereafter to divide
evenly. Southern California has had three Gover
nors, Stoneman, Markham and Waterman. As the
State has had nineteen persons in the office of Gov
ernor, it will be seen that the process of establishing
an average requires that six more shall be elected
from that section. As twenty-four individuals have
held the office of United States Senator, only one
being from south of the Tehachapi, to get an average
will require the election of eleven more from that
part of the State. We may ask, we hope without
offense, what will happen while the Republicans of
Southern California are carrying out this policy of
equalization and average?
There are signs that some men there believe it
should be entered upon as a crusade to right a
wrong, to avenge a long existing neglect. This is a
strained view of it. The considerable settlement of
the State began and for long continued in the north.
The great resources of the south lay undeveloped and
the lure of its physical charms unknown until recent
years. Since then there has not been manifested a
disposition on the part of Northern California Re
publicans to deny complete justice to the south. Of
Markham's majority for Governor Northern Cali
fornia contributed 6119, the south only 1826. The
north has in the same spirit given her share, far in
excess of the votes contributed by the south, to the
election of two Republican candidates for Lieutenant
Governor, one of whom became Governor.
There is no evidence in the record of any other de
stie than to live in party amity and comity with the
south, and to give her the prominence in party coun
cil and public government, justified by her import
ance.
Therefore it is not susceptible of demonstration
that Southern California Republicans have any
wrongs to right or neglect to avenge, or omission to
make even.
Karly in the preparation for the campaign that is
impending there was an earnest desire to find out
what the south wanted. As early as last October the
Los Angeles Times frankly declared that in the divi
sion of party honors the south wanted the Senator.
In this expression of preference the Times was joined
by the Los Angeles Journal, Orange Post, Los An
geles Record, Los Angeles Germania, Lompoc Jour
nal, South Pasadenan, Santa Ana Blade, Los Angeles
Daily Gazette, Pomona Progress, Los Angeles In
vestor, Farmers' Friend, and nearly fifty other Re
publican papers of Southern California, embracing
practically the entire party press of that section. This
expression was not changed until recently. It showed
no variableness nor shadow of turning until within
six weeks. Many months went by with it estab
lished as the plan and preference of the party down
there. We submit to reasonable Republicans in the
south who desire party success that the change in this
sentiment based on the hope that the south may get
both Governor and Senator is not conducive to party
harmony nor success.
The party, to succeed, must leave a sense of con
tentment and justice with all sections of the State,
and must have a candidate for Governor whose party,
public and private record needs no defense. We can
not go into this campaign explaining or defending
either. Too much is at stake. The election of
Maguire with his long catalogue of communistic and
anarchistic expressions is a danger too serious to be
incurred. We do not hesitate to say that it will be
more disastrous to California than would have been
the election of Denis Kearney in the height of the
sand-lot movement. We must go into this campaign
on its public issues, without stopping to defend the
personal record or questionable affiliations of our
candidate.
ARMY SCfiNDfILS.
IT is a circumstance most regrettable that in the
commissary department of the army there should
be so much as an indication of scandal. Yet
the sinister charge that the Government has been
robbed by contractors and the soldiers made to suffer
through a commercial instinct run to greed and
thievery are apparently too well sustained to be
passed over. No official position should be permit
ted to shield any man accused of such crimes, and
none so accused unjustly would be content with any
thing less than the fullest investigation.
Many charges have been directed against the head
of the War Department, and the possibility that they
are baseless must be recognized. Secretary Alger
could not personally direct every detail of the equip
ping of a great army, and to hold him responsible for
the acts of a rascally subordinate would be unjust,
more likely than otherwise. Neither does an accusa
tion coming from Governor Lecdy of Kansas carry
great weight. Leedy was the means of sending into
service the most wretchedly outfitted soldiers who
entered it. The Kansas regiment which reached this
city was literally in rags, and the explanation was
given that Leedy had refused to permit the boys to
leave the State with the uniforms of the National
Guard, notwithstanding he must have known the
General Government would make good more than
the value of the uniforms, replacing each with new.
Therefore, to sing small, well beseems Governor
Leedy.
But the Eastern press, regardless of politics, teems
with similar charges, and the matter is so serious as
to constitute a disgrace, which will be the blacker
and deeper if permitted to go unrefuted, and if the
allegations be sustained there ought to be punishment
swift and severe. Dismissal from office would be
suggested in some instances and introduction to jail
in others. National pride resents the idea of unscru
pulous and thrifty speculators being permitted to
turn the tide of war to their own benefit or to rob
the Government simply because the exigency of the
time affords the opportunity.
It seems strange that the same papers announcing
peace should detail a proposed campaign against
Havana. There ought to be a difference between
peace and war.
Russell Sage showed some manliness in his ex
planation of why he is hale and hearty at 82. He did
not try to put a bit of the blame on Providence.
Cervera says he has nothing but contempt for
Blanco, a declaration going to confirm the belief that
the admiral is a fine old gentleman.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI,, SATURDAY, AUGUST 13, 1898.
BY the signature of the protocol outlining the
terms of peace offered by the United States
and accepted by Spain, the war is virtually
closed. It has been for us a war of victory from first
to last. Undertaken in the cause of humanity and
liberty and waged with no desire for conquest, it will
nevertheless add to our possessions and vastly in
crease our prestige as a world power.
It is a commonplace saying that what has been ac
complished in this war has materially changed the
aspect of international affairs in all parts of the globe.
As a matter of fact international relations and con
ditions are continually changing. The aspect of
affairs is never the same at any two periods of time
separated by as much as a month. Some event al
ways occurs to transmute one crisis into another or
to shift the danger point from one locality to another
far distant. Nevertheless it is fitting to refer to this
war as a potent force in changing the relations of the
nations to one another, for rarely in late years has so
great an alteration been effected in so short a time.
From the prospects before us at the present outlook
it appears that peace may bring with it responsibilities
for us as great as any imposed by the war itself. The
British are eager to have us follow up our success in
battle by launching out upon a career of territorial
expansion that will render us desirous of an alliance
with themselves, and not a few jingoes at home are
willing enough to accept the counsel that comes to us
from that source. It will be worth our while, how
ever, to look twice before we enter upon the career
of imperialism. It will not be an easy path to pursue,
and in the end it will require of us vast sacrifices of
wealth and of lives.
The London Spectator, with a candor that is to be
commended, recently admitted that our territorial
expansion would impose heavy responsibilities upon
us, but argued that it would be 'for our good to accept
them. In a striking passage it said:
"The world's future greatly depends upon the polit
ical character of the Americans. When, in 1950, they
are 200,000,000, they can crush any people except the
Slavs. To fit them for that destiny the Americans
should have difficulties, dependencies and complicated
relations with the remainder of mankind. At present
everything is too easy for them. They live too much
to themselves. They must learn to govern as well
as to be governed, and must add to their splendid
patriotism the English gift of cold and lofty tolerance.
They must keep subordinate governments as free
from corruption as their Supreme Court."
This prophecy of our future greatness is undoubt
edly enticing, but the question remains whether we
might not achieve a much better future by avoiding
those difficulties and dangers that are going to make
life harder for us. The desire to find a race capable
of whipping the Slavs makes the British very con
siderate toward us in these days, for at the present
time the Slavs are threatening the British empire.
We can hardly avoid distrusting a friendship that
confessedly desires to make life less easy for us. In
making peace with Spain we should arrange it on
terms that will not involve us in future wars nor
leave burdens upon the coming generations of our
people.
WHEN WE ARE SADDEST.
DURING this brief war, whose victorious career
is now hastening to a glorious close, we have
felt every emotion of patriotism, every impulse
of military valor, have been sensitive to every senti
ment of liberty, humanity and national grandeur;
have been roused by the exercise of our noblest facul
ties to the utterance of right words or the perform
ance of great deeds in every department of human
endeavor except two: we have not written good songs
nor set what we have written to good music.
It is most fortunate for us in all respects that we are
not among those kind of folks who cannot sing the
old songs, for were we of that nature our misfortunes
at this epoch would have been overwhelming. It is
only by the inspiration of the old songs and to the
melody of the old tunes that we have been able to
march to victory at all. Had we been compelled to
rely wholly upon the poetry of the occasion and the
music of the day, to give expression to our feelings
in the war, we should have shocked the sensibilities
not only of the tuneful Spaniards in Cuba, but even
of the Philippine Islanders, accustomed as they are
to the lugubrious chanting which accompanies their
tribal "devil dance."
Truly we Americans of this generation are saddest
when we sing. In the department of poetry our popu
lar inspirations are primitive in the extreme. We can
point with more pride to our slaughter-houses than
to our poets, and perhaps we would have a fuller
pride in the slaughter-houses if our custom permitted
the use of their mechanism on poets as well as on
pigs. Nor when we consider the kind of music our
composers have fashioned for our war songs, would
the poets be pitied much when sent to the slaughter,
for they might as well mingle their voices with the
squealing of stuck pigs as to have their poems min
gled with the squealing of such tunes.
It would be a cruelty practiced upon the public to
rehearse here many specimens of recent war poetry
for the purpose of illustrating the wretched sadness
of it all. Let it suffice that one of these war songs
pleads: "Break it gently unto mother, if a bullet lays
me low, that I fell to serve my country; don't forget
to tell her so"; that another tells how a loving vol
unteer on the eve of his departure for battle leaves
his pet dog in charge of his sweetheart and sings,
"Treat her well, Mary, treat her well, do; she is all
that ever loved me except, darling, you. If to fall
fighting my fate should be, she will remind you
sometimes of me."
These mild specimens may be borne, but we carp
fully refrain from quoting anything from the war
songs of George Alfred Townsend and the innumer
able verses modeled upon Kipling's "Recessional."
A very little of such stuff goes a long way, and we
have had much of it of late. The fact that we produce
such songs in such quantities and nothing better
constitutes one of the most curious problems in our
intellectual development.
There are more readers in America than in any
other country, more writers of average ability than
in any other country, more general culture among
the people than anywhere else, more piano, and
banjos and all forms of musical instruments — why is
it then that we can produce under the impulse of an
ardent patriotism roused by war neither a good poem
nor a good tune? Why is that when we would be
jubilant we must sing either a foreign song or a coon
song, and that when we sing one of our new war
songs it impresses the hearer as something intended
less to cheer ourselves than to frighten the foe into
fits?
Now the fact is developed that Hooley had a
scheme to buy Cuba. Probably that was to have been
but the beginning. His ultimate idea doubtless was
to get a title to the earth.
Evidently the lot of a Secretary of War, during a
time of war, is not a happy one.
THE END OF THE WOR.
DR. CLINTON REPLIES TO FATHER YORKE.
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 12, 1898.
To the Editor of The Call— Sir: In support of his contention that I had
attacked him the Rev. Father Yorke publishes In to-day's Call a letter
written by me last May In which I used very strong terms denunciatory of
the Monitor's attack upon me in its issue. of the 21st of that month.
The reverend father says the letter was an attack upon him. I have
never so considered it. I regarded it as a proper reply to the charges made
against me in the Monitor's aforesaid issue. I was fully aware of the
grave import of the language I used in the letter— language which would
not have been justified under less provoking circumstances. Now, what
were the circumstances? Because I deemed it a duty and an act of justice
I voted for a renewal of the lease of the Sailors" Home to the Ladies' Sea
men's Friend Society. Father Yorke jumpeu upon me with both feet, ac
cusing me lr his paper of being "a vociferous reformer whose protestations
of philanthropy, of purity, of principle and of common veracity the public
should discount," and that I had "cast aside even the pretense of decency."
He stigmatized me a;j "a Judas who had betrayed the sacred cause of re
ligious liberty," and he even dared to insinuate that my action was gov
erned by sordid motives.
The foregoing, Mr. Editor, was my justification in denouncing the article
as "false, cowardly, contemptible, ungrateful, uncalled for and totally un
deserved." .
This whole controversy between Father Yorke and me means simply
this:
1. Father Yorke believes I did wrong in voting for the lease.
2. I know I did right in voting for the lease.
Question— Was Father Yorke justified in attacking me in the manner
he did?
In dismissing this painful subject I desire to thank The Call for the
valuable space given me and to express my belief that sooner or later the
reverend father will realize the injustice he has done me and that he will
make the amende honorable. C^A. CLINTON.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Thomas Flint Jr. of San Juan is at the
Palace.
D. Ray, a merchant of Gait, Is at the
Occidental.
J. 6. Roberts, a banker of Madera, is at
the Palace.
Dr. Samuel P. HcKinney of Chicago Is
at the Grand.
O. McHenry, a banker of Modesto, is at
the Occidental.
P. W. Page, a mining man of Forest
City, is at the Palace.
Jesse Poundstone, a capitalist of
Grimes, is at the Grand.
Frank Ttiit, an orange orchardist of
Oroville, is at the Russ.
Frank Miller, postmaster of Sacra
mento, is at the Occidental.
B. M. Goldwater, a prominent business
man of Arizona, is in town.
q Last week Sil
s3 vano Rumero of
£ Martinez began
to weep, and he
*"* has indulged in
8 lachrymose calis-
a HIS CLAIM
a was
S ADJUSTED.
£ 8 thenlcs ever since.
0»0OOO»O»O A heavy South
ern Pacific freight train had a tete-a-tete
with the only cow that Silvano owned
and now there is no cow. After tears
came real anger and then a consultation
with a wise man. who advised Silvano to
sue the company if they refused to re
compense him for his cow. A letter was
written to the claims adjuster of the
Southern Pacific in which a poverty
stricken Italian and a pulverized cow that
would give milk no more were the chief
features. The claims adjuster sidetracked
the letter and thereby proved his ability
as a money saver to the company. Sil
vano did not like the silence of the com
pany, and after obtaining the advice of
the most learned of his tribe set out for
the city to prosecute his claim in person.
He discovered the office of the claims ad
juster and obtained admittance. After in
troducing himself and stating his business
1 with tears in his voice the claims adjus
ter began his work.
"Now we can settle this matter out of
court," he said. "It Is a very small mat
ter, and there is no sense of rushing into
' the courts. Do you know, sir, that you
I have been criminally negligent in allow
ing that cow to escape its confines and
trespass on the property of the company,
endangering the lives of all people on
every train that might have passed the
I place of the co,w's dissolution? You put
into jeopardy the lives of the employes
of the railroad company who were on the
train. You subjected the property of the-
Southern Pacific Company to almost cer
tain destruction which by the most for
tuitous circumstance did not happen.
You "
"Meester," the Italian broke In with
quivering voice, "I am a vera poor man.
I giva you desa twd dolla, all de mon I
hava, sure." The claim was thus ad-
Justed.
Robert V. Robertson, editor of tho Pla
cerville Nugget. Is at the Russ.
Sparrow Smith, a soap manufacturer
of Sacramento, is at the Occidental.
Judge Dalngerfiekl, who has been away
on his summer vacation, returned yes
J— !■■ L.imfrM— ■ ii 11 1 . . - i — ' — . . - - ,— .
/M&H\A& SENATOR TELLER OH
xdfsgQp The Dangers A New Oriental Trade
Hl^Spß WAS THIS MANUSCRIPT p
W|yi||| ,4 WRITTEN BY MOSES?
/ V* $ / 'lililli Remarkable Hebrew Antiquities Unearthed in Palestine.
■■lwHii- ; I INFLUENCE OF- THE
I WifJlK inTLULIKL UP IML
d ' iriiw/iwil DISCUSSED BY WAR ON POLITICS
WIiSIHP A NEW STORY BY BRET HARTE.
Hi ifilllß :.':* /f Most Picturesque Swindle of Modern Times.
Sralllwl^ (jftj END OF FARO ' [X| •
M^|||i[ii"*lS^ffiSs l— ' ON THE COMSTOCK! |*^|
Wjip^M Pages of Other Special Features!
terday and will reside at the Renton, 712
Sutter street.
D. W. Witbeck, a banker of Sacra
mento, and wife are at the Grand.
Frank M. Meredith of San Jose has re
turned from his mines noar-Mojave, and
is at the Russ.
Walter H. Brown, connected with the
Antelope Heights Land and Fruit Com
pany, is at the Grand.
A. B. Wood, a resident of Detroit, large
ly Interested in mines In the northern
part of the State, is at the Palace.
THE WIUWAG MAX.
Oh, the wigwag man is a very funny lad.
As he stands with his wigwag flag on a
knoll.
And wigwags, wagwigs news good or bad
To a far distant wigwag man quite as
droll.
And he wigs up, wags down,
Wags left, wigs right.
Wiggle-waggles in the frown
Of battle's raging might.
And the wigwag flag all around is red.
That for war; and the center is wbite,
for peace.
For it wigs for the living and it wags for
the dead,
And not for a moment does the wigwag
cease.
And it wigs that, wags this,
Wags death, wigs life.
Wiggle-waggles in the hiss
Of battle's awful strife.
Oh, the wigwag man is a very shining
mark.
As he stands with his wigwag flag on
the sput,
And wigwags, wagwigs till a bullet
hark.'
The wigwag falters out, while going
down, "I m shot!"
But it wigs up, wags bold,
Wags rear, wigs van.
Wiggle-waggles in the hold
Of another wigwag man.
W. C. MORROW.
WAITING FOR THE FERRY.
"Walker— l'm thinking seriously of In
vesting in a chainless wheel.
Ryder— "Well, I've got a beauty that I'll
sell you for a mere song.
Walker — For a song, eh! To the tune
of what?
Ryder — "Old Hundred." — Exchange.
"A throne," said the boy king 1 , with the
gravity becoming his station, "is very
much like a bicycle."
"In what respect?" inquired the Prime
Minister.
"Things go easily enough while you're
on. But It's hard to dismount grace
fully."—Washington Star.
Investigation of the bond subscriptions
have developed the fact that some men
are wicked enough to try to lend Uncle
Sam money under false pretenses.—Phila
delphia Ledger.
RUSSIA'S DRINK REFORM.
The Russian Government is now Intro-
I ducing "spirit shops" of the so-called
I "fourth class." The managers of the
shops of the three classes hitherto In ex
istence are receiving a fixed Government
salary, and have to deposit a certain sum
of money as a guarantee, in cast' of em
bezzlement. This deposit hindered the
opening of spirit shops in small villages,
where no managers could be found Pps- !
Bessing the guarantee required. The I
"fourth-ckiss shop" removes this diffl- '
i culty, as it consists only in a permission |
i granted to a local inhabitant to buy Bpir
i its from the nearest Government shop and
j resell them in his own cottage for a small !
remuneration. This is a fresh, cruel and j
treacherous outrage which the Russian i
Government Is committing upon the peo- I
I pie in carrying out the so-called "drink j
reform/ as it practically means the lay
ing of the temptation before their very
doors, and facilitating to the utmost the
use of intoxicating drink.— Anglo-Russian.
RECENT CLEVER INVENTIONS.
To protect newspapers against resale a
new press attachment places a metal clip
on the outer edges of the paper, which
must be torn loose before the paper can
be opened for reading.
A New York electrician has designed a
new incandescent lamp which has the
carbon filament strung on insulators on a
flat base, with a dome-shaped glass fculb
instead of the usual shape.
To indicate when the postman brings
mail without the necessity of his ringing
the bell the cover of the mall slot is pro
vided with a lever, which makes an elec
trical connection when it is pushed open,
by the insertion of mall in the slot.
Electricity has been applied to a new
muscular exerciser, an elastic cord being
fastened on the wall, with a ring in the
center, to which short rods carrying metal
grips are attached, the current being ad
mitted through both rods to the hands,
or one wire can be attached to a loot
plate to exercise the lower limbs.
A Prussian has invented a pneumatic
fire-escape, in which an endless chain
fitted with grip? or steps runs over a pul
ley at the top of the building, four pistons
in" cylinder being fixed on a wall-plate,
and attached to the pulley, to pump air
through adjustable openings in the cyl-
B?cycle handle bars are being coated
their entiire length with a mixture of
ground cork and shellac, so that ridera
can grasp the bar at any place without
coming in contact with the metal.
Soft Baby Cream, 15c Ib. Townsend's. •
Pure Vermont Maple. 15c Ib. Townsend's. •
Peanut Taffy, best in world. Townsend's. •
Going out of business; best eyeglasses,
specs, 15c to 40c. 65 Fourth, nr barber. •
Treat your friends to Tov/nsend's Cali
fornia Glace Fruits, 50c It), in lire etch
boxes. 627 Market St., Palace Building. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
dipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1u42. •
Trunks and Valises.
The recent large shipments of trunks,
valises and alligator bags, M
carved leather and seal pocketbook
belts make ours the strongest leath.r
goods line in the city. Mirrors, combs,
brushes and toilet articles in tftis depart
ment at the lowest possible prices. San
born Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
WAGON WHEELS OF GRANITE.
A remarkable cart was lately observed
by an African traveler. The cart was
drawn by ten oxen, and the wheels were
constructed of massive stone, each weigh
ing about half a ton, and as the cum
bersome vehicle rolls along the great
wheels omit piercing screeches, which
can be heard half a mile away, and yet
it is no uncommon sight to see one of
these ten-ox carts with no greater load
than seme hay.
To Portland and Return S2O First-
Class.
Areount Pacific Coast Dental Congress. By O.
R. and N. Co.'s steamer, sailing August 18.
Inquire at 6?,< i Market
In the Cuban twamps a bottle of Dr. Siegert's
Angostura liitu-r? will do wonders to keep
your digestive organs In order.
ENGLISH VACATION MAXIMS.
Here are some English maxims appro
priate to the season of vacations:
No holiday is worth anything except the
holiday that is earned.
Remember that a bag in hand Is worth
two in the lost luggage office.
Rational ease Is better than to fash
lonablv please.
Leave worry behind or no pleasure
3-ou'll find.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Baking Powder
Most healthful
leavener in
the world.
Goes farther.
ROYAt BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK.SUSPICIOUS
MANEUVERS IN
STREET WORK
JV Bald Effort to Pay Favorite
Contractors Three Prices
for Repairs.
kc^est Responsible Bidder Gently Turned
: Down for Not Being on the Inside
> Track.
: =]V-^»f«r is a carrion smell in the atmos
1 ::*h>re. '..'.'
'-J-yTirei-:n-e.w proposals for street improve
. irteots ■ and repairs, given out by the
.'.-.i3o«V vo-f Supervisors, are tainted with an
■•■••<6d£>'r\ of corruption easily discernible by
■ : -aTJy- .qfie. ■ with an ordinary nose. For
\. ".JfjiMtrs"; past San Francisco has suffered
■-.fVo'iM .i>a<i municipal smells, traceable to
: the Ideal', hails of administration, but just
r -Aew' -tire ' odor is more offensive than
:.tis'vtal. ••
;- v ; Tn£ Call has been making a quiet but
! •thorough investigation to Locate the
■t -exact source, and has some startling ln
. /•fov- ■ to present.
>.-V.Xast -Monday the Board of Supervisors
. : -.r.errived another batch of proposals from
.Vpqntractors for repaying and repairing
:• -Mtiiniinized streets of the accepted class.
• .:'•'>:«:• notice was taken of unaccepted
■ fits
• ;; :jt; --was the second attempt within a
yrm©nshy r m©nsh to let this work, and in view of
! 'it lye)', latest developments a concise state
'", :pient ' of the manner in which the matter
':}£& "proceeding will be of interest to tax
payers and citizens generally.
: ■■•"• -F. "r a long time the business of street
■■■Repairing has been carried on apparently
; as -a source of private revenue to certain
pS'.cials. and the fraud on the city was
bold-faced. It did not seem to matter
/whether street repairing with bitumen
.' cost 10 or 12 or 24 cents per square foot,
"v so long as "one of the boys" got it— and
• •"whacked up" with somebody else. While
■. it was a fact easy to demonstrate that
'. such repair work, even with new bitumen,
cost less than 7 cents to lay, the prices
-mentioned above were paid at various
: ti-mes, and are a matter of record. One
of tHese •"divvies" was exposed by a con
-. tractor about six years ago, when the
latter went before a Grand Jury and com
• plain . that the officials were pressing
■him too hard for private payments. Then
• 'there was a howl of injured virtue from
'. the accused officials— and the crooked
' . work has been going on since.
"••.„; Under Superintendent of Streets Ash
. worth the repair work was let out to a
■". pan reputed to be a friend of the official.
•: The streets then cost for a while about
.•" J?mO. a year and were kept in fair con
•• ciition.
•y.: Und^r Superintendent of Streets Am
: bfose the repair work cost the city $13, Mr
■ ■ per annum, as shown by an averaging up
;-'i)f the books. The Call at the time pub
:;-.iis"hed the fact that the work was not let
"■• oat by contract, and Superintendent Am
. ferose denied that he was in any way re
sponsible, but admitted that the Street
•'■ •Committee had instructed his chief dep
"' ut-y, Donovan, to have the City Street Im
' • provement Company do the work at 12
,' cents a square foot. The Call's exposure
.■■•.resulted in the discontinuance of the
■■'■jn'ethod.for the time being, and the Super
intendent of Streets was instructed, to
: rent a plant and do the work himself,
"'with the result that more politicians were I
' given Jobs. An Investigation of the rec
> cards of the Street Department made by
The Call shows that during the month of
•June 1898, the Superintendent paid out
' for material and incidental items the fol-
V lowing amounts:
.. coal, etc $142 5S
of plant 150 00
• . Bltunisn, etc 187 00
■ Labor *91 00
■;■; Total $970 58
. •'-■' As the records failed to show the quan
. tity of work performed, an inquiry was
.".inade. It was then stated that the fig
■urea had not yet been entered on the
■ books. Later— in fact, last Tuesday— the
. -.query for information was again made*
■.'.and The Call representative was told that
■ the man who measured up street-repair
•." work for the Superintendent had been
.' discharged and that he had not turned in
. ..the figures in his possession. Perhaps he
•' '-Would and perhaps he would not.
.;."- The Call has, however, a basis of com
• putation upon which to proceed. Bitumen
.;'. costs $3 70 per ton. That quantity will lay
eighty square feet two and a half inches
• '.thick, as is required. The $IS7 IB spent
. ' for bitumen in June would purchase about
■•' fifty and a half tons, which spread out
■ on the streets, eighty square feet to the
•ton. would cover an area of 4040 square
' feet Supposing that the whole quantity
was laid during June, one can get the
. : average cost per foot by dividing the total
cost of the repair work for the month—
• $370 58— by the number of square feet—
. =4940 — the result being 24 cents per square
. ; "The only po- ilble explanation of this ex
• cess cost Is found in the employment
■of worthless labor. Regular contractors.
■ who were required to maintain plants and
do .the work at previous times, were very
'. willing to do it at much less than 24 cents
. per square foot. Why should it cost the
'•-City more? If the claim be advanced that
- the old material torn up from the streets
was used over again, an effectual objec
" ■ tion arises: Can the city use old material
' 'for repairs, when it expressly forbids such
■ a thing in Its specifications for contract
. • bids? Hardly. The department cannot,
: - therefore, claim that it performed more
■.repair work in June than is Indicated by
the purchases of material. A number of
• comparatively Idle men, politicians on the
■ pay roll, will be a better explanation.
The city having shown its own incom
' "petency, through the Supervisors, to
" : '.do • the repairing for anything like a
• reasonable figure, possibly not an unex
■" pected thing among the officials con
•■."cerned. the Street Committee now finds it
• -expedient to suggest bids for the repair
work by outsiders. This old plan has the
additional charms held out by the pros
pect for a profitable "divvy."
" : Accordingly some Interesting specifica
tions for bids were published by the Su
pervisors' committee early In June, calling
■. lor bids on repair work and expressly
".^stipulating that the bituminized streets
■■". ef, the city should be kept in proper repair
■i-v the contractor to the complete satis
•■ faction of the committee.
• ■■■ The- string which the committee pro
.-posed.-posed to tie to the successful bidder was
'■;. Clearly apparent to the initiated. In real
ity the work to be required from the con
". tractor under his bond was of a most
.-■ Indefinite character, the committee re
; .serving the right to make him do either
:.v : a".lit-tlo or a lar^e mount of work for the
same money! Unless he was disposed to
\}j,e liberal with his money there was noth
. irfK to prevent the committee from mak
,-4-ng his contract unprofitable by ordering
■•.■him- to do two or three times as much
.repairing as would be considered suffi
• relent if he divided. The beauty of these
: .specifications will be seen at a glance.
"■i'A plain warning was conveyed to contrac
tors to "keep off" unless they expected to
6 pay the price of protection. Five bidders
;■ appeared, and an outsider. J. H. Blng
"ham. was by far the lowest in his offer,
:i which was $30,000.
•■■ The Street Committee did not know
■'. Blngham very well. There was a long
• iind anxious deliberation over the award.
. -His bond was good and no technicalities
-could be found at first glance. The bld
. •der was summoned before the commit
tee. He was asked if he understood all
' the possibilities of the contract. Blng
-. ham bluntly said that if the committee
•or Its expert on streets attempted to force
■•■Mm to do unnecessary repairing or lay
• -new paving whore it was not needed he
:'woula go into the courts.
■■ . ; :--T.hls programme evidently did not suit
"••the 'committee, for It was soon afterward
announced thnt the bidder Binsrham had
■.■•discovered a flaw or technicality In the
.• specifications and the work would be re
■ advertised.
• Thf> result of all this scheming reached
•.-a climnx in new specifications on July
28/ IS9S. in which It was stated that nine
teen blocks and fifteen crossings were
"deemed to be beyond renair and bidders
' .wrre asked to state a specific sum for the
repaying and also for the renalra nnrt
'maintenance of all accepted bltuminized
streets for a period of two years. The
same clause existed In these specifica
tions as in the former ones, making th©
committee the judge of the amount of
work to be performed by the contractor
In repairing and maintaining streets for
a fixed sum of money. The bidder was
also compelled to be the owner of a plant
at the time t>£ presenting his bid. More
over, he was to do all of the repaying
within ninety days to the full satisfaction
of the committee. Superintendent Am
brose and Expert Sullivan.
To the latter belonged the credit of
having- discovered that the blocks and
crossings already designated should be
repaved, the work covering altogether
294,000 square feet.
Following In the footsteps of Mr. Sulli
van, so to speak, The Call has had an j
experienced man carefully go over the J
ground and moke an estimate of the ac
tual repaying needed. It was discovered
that there were very few blocks, or cross- i
ings, where it was necessary to remove j
all material. Some of the paving was bad.
Other portions were cracked somewhat,
but by no means* so badly as to need re
moval, the cracks not extending through
to the rock base. Large sections in other
localities exhibited scarcely any flaws, be
ing good for years of service.
Supervisors Smith and Lackrrjan, who
also looked into the matter, took a similar
view.
When the bids were opened it was found
that the City Street Improvement Com
pany had bid $37 Jiff for the work com
plete and that J. H. Blngham had bid $23,
ouo for the repairing and 9K cents per
square foot for the repaying necessary,
with a guarantee of five years on all re
paying.
Supervisors Smith and Lackman claimed
that Bingham's bid was the lowest, as
he offered to do all of the repair work
for $23,000 and the city need not do much
repaying under his 9^ cent proposition, as
the streets did not need it. Of course, if
the whole of the streets mentioned in the
specifications were relaid, then Bing
ham's bid would rise to the high figure of .
$50,930.
Supervisor Britt contended valiantly for ;
the City Street Improvement Company,
favoring their bid. The matter is still
hanging fire, but will come before the
Board of Supervisors next Monday after
noon.
It has been suggested that one reason
the street committee is so anxious to I
have a large number of streets re
laid at this time is to remove the e\i- i
dences of former bad contract work. ;
The shiftless manner in which some of j
the streets were put down has operated
against the use of bitumen in other cities
which had sent inspection committ'-.s
here to see how the pavements looked. :
In thl? way the peopje working the bitu
men industry were hurt, so were the
railroads that made money by hauling
It What is more natural than that
interested parties should havo used their
eloquence on the committee, or the street j
expert, to have these unsightly evidences
of failure removed?
The following table will show the quan
tity of work actually necessary to bo done
on streets, which have been scheduled for
complete or partial repaying:
Ellis street, Fillmore to Steiner, repair* nee- :
essary. 50 square
Franklin. California to Sacramento, 120
square feet.
Franklin, Sacramento to Clay, 160 square
Franklin and Clay crossing, 50 square feet.
Franklin. Clay to Washington, 173 square feet.
Franklin and Washington crossing, none.
Franklin, Washington to Jackson, 125 square :
Washington and Gough crossing, 16 square
Fulton, Devisadero to .roderlck, 1000 square j
feet- '
Fulton, Broderlck to Baker. 1000 square feet.
Scott. Oak to Page, 2500 square feet.
Scott and Page crossing. SCO square feet.
Scott. Page to Halght, 800 square feet.
Halght, Scott to Pierce. 100 square feet.
Haight, Pierce to Steiner, 150 square feet.
Haight and Steiner crossing. in good condl-
Steiner, Hayes to Fell, poor material, but
unbroken. ,
California and Sansome crossing , repairs nec
essary, 2500 square feet. /
California and Battery crossing repairs nec
essary, 2500 square feet.
California and Front crossing, basalt blocks
in good condition. _ ,
Golden Gate avenue, from Franklin to La
guna and Golden Gate avenue from Scott to
Devlsadero need 40,000 square feet of repaying.
Bartlett, Twenty-fourth to Twenty-sixth, j
31.968 square feet of repaying.
Capp and Twenty-fourth, street crossing, 3840
square feet of repaying.
Third. Mission to Howard, 9000 square feet
of repairs.
Grand total: Repairs, 962,264 square
feet. At the price which the representa- I
tive of the City Street Improvement Com- ]
pany said before the committee was the j
basis of their bid— 7 cents per foot— the
work of repaying necessary ought to cost
$6738 48, as against 520.5&0 for the 294,000
feet advertised, in the specifications.
The records show that for three years
the average cost of all repairs, at the
price of 12 cents per square root, has been
18382 per year for all bituminized work.
Yet the street committee recommends the
acceptance of the City Street Improve
ment Company's bid of 137,797, which large
amount of money will do nothing toward
repaying the worst blocks in the city
which have been accepted and yet re
main as an eyesore and a disgrace.
Supervisor Sheehan made the statement
at the meeting of the street committee
that Mr. King, superintendent of the
Merchants' Association, had recommend
ed the repaying of all the streets men
tioned in the specifications. Mr. King
informs The Call that neither he, nor the
•Merchants' Association, have taken any
action in the matter. They are interested
just now in securing the removal of the
unsightly cobble stones.
It seems hardly possible, in view of
the light now thrown upon the matter,
that the Supervisors will find it neces
sary "for the city's Interests" to make an
award until better stipulations are pro
vided.
NOTABLE EXCURSION
To Monterey Sunday, September 4.
Round Trip Tickets. Only $2.
The passenger department of the
Southern Pacific Company have Just
Issued a preliminary announcement to
the effect that on Sunday, September
4, they will run two or more splendid
trains of first-class coaches to historic
Monterey, and as In former years will
sell round trip tickets at the extremely
low rate of $2.
These annual excursions to Monterey
have proved the most popular of any
sent out by the Southern Pacific, and
Judging from the numerous inquiries
that are being made at the ticket of
fices in regard to this excursion the
patronage will be larger than ever.
In taking this delightful trip the ex
cursionist has an opportunity to visit
a chain of interesting resort places,
namely, Hotel del Monte, the historic
town of Monterey and that great fam
ily resort place, Pacific Grove, where
the beautiful pine forests extend to the
edge of the bay shore.
In due time a variety of advertising
matter will be distributed to the pub
lic, giving full details and information
regarding this outing.
On this occasion the citizens of Mon
terey have arranged for a very attrac
tive programme of old-time Spanish
sports, such as the lassoing of a steer,
horse racing, dexterous riding, etc.
As In former instances, this excur
sion will be under the personal super
vision of Colonel William H. Menton,
excursion passenger agent of the South
ern Pacific Company.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 13, 1808.
GREAT ARE
OUR HORSES
Success in Many States
of California Flyers.
LOTTERY OF HORSE BUYING
RECORDS GOLDEN STATE CAN
BE PROUD OF.
Phenomenal Track Performances of
the Keating, McDowell and
Kelly Horses This
Season.
The California horsemen that sent
strings of trotters and pacers to Denver
and thence East are covering themselves
with glory and filling their pockets with
coin, incidentally. Searchlight, in Tommy
Keating's hands, has won from the fast
est pacers In the land, is considered in
vincible, and at Cleveland went three
heats easily in 2:05%, 2:05 J 4, and 2:06%,
with Chehalls of Oregon in tho place. Pre
vious to this the son of Dark Night had
established a four-year-old record of
2:04%. Anaconda, in the same string, also
paced in 2:04%. He is by Knight, 2:22,
from an Algona mare. In Admiral Keat
ing's stable is the great Eros mare Dione,
■who trotted in 2:09. She belongs to A. B.
Spreckels, who bred her. Of Dione the
Buffalo World says: "Dione, 2:09%, by
Eros, is about the best race mare ever
brought East from California, with the
possible exception of Hulda, 2:08%." As
A. B. Spreckels also bred and owned
Hulda, who was a half-sister to Dione,
there must be some gratification felt by
that gentleman in the fact that he reared
and sent on the grand circuit the two
best trotting mares that ever left Cali
fornia. Tom Keating oas been very sick
most of the time since he left the Golden
State, but McHenry has Deen handling
the reins very skillfully for the Califor
nia horseman.
Andy McDowell, who made a driving
reputation at the East Several years ago,
when with Monroe Salisbury, has been
having things come his way with the
three-year-old pacing colt Klatawah, a
brother to Charles Derby, 2:30. KlaurVah
has made a record of 2:{fi*A— one not like
ly to be beaten in a very short time. It
is odd that Klatawah should be a brother
to Charles Derby, sire of Diablo, who
made a pacing record of 2:09% when he
was a four-year-old— then the best on
record. McDowell also distinguished
himself by driving Lena N, the Sidney
mare, a mile in a race in 2:05)4, the race
record for pacing mares. Another Cali
fornia bred animal that has accomplished
much is Directum Kelly, by Direct, 2:OSVi-
He won the very rich M. i*t M. stake
at Detroit and again won at Cleve
land for his owner, John Kelly, who
also drove for Monroe Salisbury and
made a good name for himself. The best
mark made by a three-ye<n-»id trotting
filly this season in a race was that of
Ellen Madison, 2:19%, by James Madison,
217%; the fastest by a four-year-old trot
ting filly by Miss Beatrice, 2:13%, by Di
rect. 2:OSMn the fastest record by a three
year-old pacer that of Klatawah, spoken
of above; fastest by an aged pacing geld
ing by Anaconda, 2:04%. The fastest of
the new pacing performers (stallions) is
Donnough, 2:12%. by Norval (son of Elec
tioneer), and the fastest "new" 2:10 per
former is Miss Logan, 2:08*4. by General
Logan, dam by Firetail, son of Norfolk.
General Logan is by Alex Button, who
was owned by the late George \\ oodard
of Yolo County, this State. Verily Cali
fornia horses are great in many spheres
and wherever you find them.
Xorvin G, a bay gelding, by Xorval. re
cently paced the last three heats of a six
heat race at Portland, Me., in 2:l3V*.
Rlco^by ' Arion, 2:07% (sold for $125.
000), has made a trotting record of 2:12%.
He is one of the most sensational of the
four-year-olds.
Ben Kenney. for years the trainer of
Marcus Daly's trotters and pacers, has
resigned the position, and been sue. •
by Joe Rea. The latter has gone East
from Montana to relieve Kenney.
Torslda'a recent win of the $2000 Daly
stake at Anaconda with Los Prietos in
the place, speaks mighty well of Cali
fornia-bred horses, for in that race was
entered the pick of Marcus Daly's big
stable, as well as that of others of no lit
tle importance. Callfornlasent to Montana
this season the best sprinter competing
there in Miss Rowena. the record-break
er' Lucky Star, Flashlight (who has run
miles in 1:40 oftener than almost any
man's horse), Dolore (who established a
new mile and a sixteenth record), Val
encienne (who ran six furlongs in IMS I **,
Peixotto (who went the route at Jiutte
in l'l3Vfe) and many others fast enough
to win anywhere up to seven furlongs.
Torsida has always been a good filly, but
her star was a trifle dimmed by the run
ning of the phenomenal Briar Sweet at
the local tracks last winter and spring.
However, "Daggle" Smith's Hlly was
good enough to win from Martha, a
three-year-old miss that finished first yes
terday at Saratoga at a mile and a fur
long in 1:54%,. In fact, Martha is at
present considered almost unbeatable at
the far East at any distance from six
furlongs to a mile and a quarter.
Oraibee, the chestnut two-year-old geld
ing which won at St. Louis yesterday for
Dan Honig, has a rather odd history.
He was raised by L. J. Rose who owned
his sire Orizaba, and his darn, Blondi
nette by Joe Hooker. One day Mr. Rose
took 'a notion to sell off all his wean
lings and six by the then untried sires
Nomad and Orizaba were aisposed of
for a sum not far from $200, Charley Kerr
of Bakersfield being buyer after Ben Ben
lamln of the Chronicle had concluded he
didn't want them. Now in this lot of
six that went begging for a time at $2«»
was Oraibee, yesterday s winner, sold lor
$130 as a yearling; Ranier, a stake-win
ner at Oakland last spring, and sold for
1300 when a yearling, and last but not
lwrLflt Toluca, which brought $500 as a
vparling and now could not be purchased
\or $7000. Toluca is justly considered the
bf>st two-year-old filly In the United
States and her wins over W. Overton,
Form'e'ro, Kentucky Colonel and other
nrßokeriacks show that the estimate
nHce<? upon her worth is not too high.
All this goes to demonstrate what a lot
tery the purchase of young horseflesh is
the best filly in the country, a stake-win
nine colt and a race-winning gelding- out
o a bunch of *lx sold for $200! And there
may be others in that lot which aver
ted $33 1-8 to make a mark In
thA raring line. Toluca's sire. Nomad,
could have been bought for $300 any day
in 1897 good horse as he once was, but
rinw we suppose his owner would turn
Sp lite nose at $2000 were it to be offered
tO The m state Fair meeting begins Sep
tember 5 and though fully 150 of our
horses are racing in Montana, over a
hundred will have returned to the Gold
en State by the time the bell rings for
the first race on the opening day.
This Week's Wasp.
Affuinaldr/B Future and the Empty Cuppldor
are the subjects of the two chief cartoons In
the Wasp this week, the caricaturist's art be
ing also brought Into requisition In portraying
the chief happenings in the municipality.
There are some half-tone reproductions of the
Hurltngame Club's Coaching Parade, which
took place last Sunday, showing the turn-outs
of Messrs. Newhall. Hobart. Parrntt. Caro
lan and others, as well as some excellent por
traits of prominent members of the Improved
Order of Red Men, and of Mr. and Mrs. E. H.
Lauer (nee Frledlander), besides other ac
ceptable illustrations. Bright, snappy edito
rials deal with local politics and other mat
ters while ex-Senator Mulrooney gives In his
own' inimitable style his outspoken opinion of
the reason for the backwardness of Democratic
voters in registering this year and Long
Oroen'a utter failure to help the Mayor's par
ty. The local bourse receives due attention
and th? musical and theatrical criticisms are
bright and interesting:.
Suicide of Petaluma Capitalist.
PBTALUMA, Auk. 12.— Joseph Soldate,
a capitalist and one of the best known
residents of this city. jumped Into the
river and drowned himself while tem
porarily Insane last night. His body was
recovered this morning-. The deceased
was a native of Switzerland. He had
been drinking heavily of late.
RETREATED
BEHIND A
HIGH FENCE
Cowardice of Burkes
Companions.
RAN FROM THE SCENE
FURTHER INVESTIGATION INTO
THE MISSION TRAGEDY.
Evidence to Show That the Men De
serted the Brave Lieutenant
After He Was Shot
Down.
The trial of Policemen Kennedy, Mar
lowe, Wilkinson and Merchant, the
"brave" officers who so cowardly desert
ed Lieutenant Burke when he was shot by
Theodore Park Haynes, the eccentric
tinker, was resumed before the Police
Commissioners last night.
Thomas Dudy testili;,-d that after Burke
was shot he saw the accused officers run
to a place of safety. They then emptied
their revolvers ut. Haynes, but they were
so excited they failed to bring him down.
Marlowe; after exhausting his ammuni
tion, sent a boy named Conroy to get him
an additional supply.
Emile Ott, a young man, deposed that
he saw Lieutenant Burke approach
Haynes 1 cabin. lie drove up in the pa
trol wagon. Burke was accompanied by
thrfo other officers, whose numes the wit
ness did not know.
When Burke was shot the policemen
who accompanied him ran away. Oflicer
Merchant, who was about twenty-ttvc
feet away from the cabin, drew his re
volver and vainly tried to shoot Haynes.
The witness identified Marlowe as beinK
the man who took refuge behind a fence.
In answer to the questions of Attorney
Dunne, Ott said that he assisted Cashel,
the patrol wagon driver, in dragging
Burkes body from Haynes' cabin. He
was positive that the officials ran in
different directions immediately after
Burke had been shot down. The witness
declared that Marlowe was so excited
that he kicked a hole in a fence and
crawled through the aperture. From this
position he emptied his revolver at
Haynes.
Sam Waters, the next witness, said he
had warned Burke to be cautious, as he
feared that Haynes would shoot him.
The lieutenant replied that he was abla
to take care of himself, and immedi
ately proceeded to arrest the murderous
tinker. Burke had already drawn his re
volver when he was shot. The officers
who were with him, after retreating,
blazed away at Haynes. A short time
before the shooting Officer Kennedy tried
to arrest Haynes, but seeing a revolv* r
in his hand he got "cold feet" and back
ed away. Wilkinson and Marlowe wre
present, but, like Kennedy, they lost
their nerve and made no attempt to ar
rest the tinker.
George Ryan, who conducted a store
contiguous to Haynes' cabin, testified
that he saw Burke drive up to the cabin
in the patrol wagon. He was met by
Marlowe, Wilkinson and Kennedy. Afti r
learning tho cause of the excitement he
waved them back and started for the
cabin. Rvnn did not witness the shoot-
Ing, nor cfid he se<? the officer's run arWay.
V. W. Peters said he saw Marlowe get
behind a fence; he then blazed away ;.t
Haynes, but failed to hit him. He called
to his companions to "come up and get
Burke and he would get Haynes," which
he signally failed to do.
James Ford saw Kennedy behind a
fence with a shotgun. He was pouring
shot into Haynes' cabin.
John McGrath, the next witness, said
he saw Kennedy retreat before Haynes'
revolver. He and his companions Feemtd
badly rattled.
At this juncture further hearing of the
case was continued until next Thursday.
THE CHINESE BUREAU
MAKES A DISCOVERY
MONGOLS ADMITTED AS OMAHA
EXHIBITORS RETURN HERE.
i Arrest of a Coolie Chair-Mender for
Entering the United States by
False Pretenses.
The Chinese Bureau, under Chief Mere
dith of the customs service, has been
I keeping a sharp eye on the 400 Chinese
j men and women admitted here recently
for the purpose of appearing as exhlblt
; ora in the Chinese village ot Mo« Lee Wuh
lat the Trans-Mississippi International
! Exposition at Omaha. Mr. Meredith made
inquiries recently of a Federal ollloer in
Omaha, and learned that the number of
exhibitors was much less than 400, and he
shrewdly suspected that the missinc nvn
had remained in California witl% the in
tention of staying here Indefinitely.
Their names and descriptions were
transmitted to the Chinese Bureau In this
city, and last Monday several customs
'< officials made a raid on a house in Wav
i t-rly place and found one of the Omaha
exhibitors named Lan Chong. On being
landed in this city as an exhibitor he had
received from Collector Jackson a certl
■ flcat'\ dated May 18 of this year, certify
i ing that Lan Chong was duly accredited
i as an employe of the Mcc Lee Wall VII
' lage Company of Chicago, 111., an exhlbl
| tor at the Omaha Exposition, and that he
I had been permitted to enter this country
! as such employe, In pursuance of the act
of Congress approved June 30, IM»7. Tho
certificate is valid for throe months after
the close of the exposition, and it< to be
surrendered when the holder departs from
the United States to the Collector of Cus
toms at the port of embarkation.
Chong had been In this city ever sinoe,
making his living a.s a ehairmender. He
was arrested, and will be examined before
United States Commissioner Hcacock
next week. There is no doubt that he
will bo deported.
RAILROAD IMPROVEMENTS.
New Constructions of the Southern
Pacific Company.
The Southern Pacific Company has ho
gun to ballnst the road from Lathrop to
Fresno. This work will be continued
from time to time, the company using
the locomotives that are. disengaged from
other more pressing use. At Tehama a
new steel bridge will be built. The prog
ress in the work on tho Oakland mole
has been very noticeable, and tho com
pany expects "in the near future to Intro
duce its twenty-minute ferry service.
The new drawbridge over Oakland
Creek will be ready for use about Octo ■> r
1 The county has asked the company's
permission to uso their bridge during the
construction of the new bridge. The War
Department's order to remove the Harri
son-street bridge w'll be enforced by the
company unless Alameda County obtains
permission from the Government for its
further use.
LOTTIE WAS EXPENSIVE.
Arrest of It. C. Long for Defrauding
an Innkeeper.
R. C. Long, an Eastern drummer, wns
arrested last night and charged with de
frauding the Baldwin Hotel out of $233.
On May 1 Long and a woman, who is
known as Lottie Lacey. registered at the
Baldwin as man and wife.. Long re
mained 6nly a few days. The woman,
however, lived in the hotel for two
months and then hnd her bill nent to
Long. He refused to pay it. claiming
that the woman was not his wife and
that he had not authorized her to con
tract the indebtedness.
Long subsequently left the city, but re
turned last evening and was arrested.
He was immediately released on $500
bond forwarded by two of his friends.
THE FARRAGUT
IN COLLISION
Crashed Into a Wharf at
Union Iron Works.
HER STEM BADLY TWISTED
VESSEL HAD TO BE DOCKED TO
MAKE REPAIRS.
Thomas Movich, One of tLe Owners
of the Schooner Mary Ann, Is
Drowned While on His
Way to Klondike.
The United States torpedo-boat destroy
er Farragut had a narrow escape at the
completion of her trial trip the other da 1 ".
As it was, her stem was all twisted and
bent by striking the Union Iron "Works
wharf, and the vessel had to be docked
fur repairs. The stem has been complete
ly taken out of the vessel, and it has now
been almost straightened out. It will
then be put back in the torpedo-boat
chaser, and by that time the changes in
the rudder will have been made and tne
flier will be ready for another trial.
When the Farragut completed her trial
over the measured mile she went back
toward the Union Iron Works at a fast
clip. Owing to the fact that her rudder
was not properly balanced she did not
steer as well as was expected, but that
fault was not responsible for the acci
dent that followed. As the warship ap
proached her berth at the wharf tne
signal "Full speed astern" was rung up
on the indicator. There was some hitch
in the engine-room, and the engines did
not respond as quickly as was expected.
Before the vessel could gather sternway
she struck the wharf, and the result was
a stem twisted in half a dozen different
directions. An hour later the Farragut
was on the drydock, and the work of
taking out the twisted iron began. The
torpedo-boat destroyer will bo better
than ever as soon as she leaves the dry
dock. The stem will not show the slight
est trace of the collision, and the steering
gear will be adjusted to the immense
power and great speed of the vessel.
The Alaska Exploration Company's
steamer Lelanaw sailed for St. Michael
last night with quite a number of gold
hunters, while there was more freight of
fering than she could carry. Dr. Hart,
late of the Board of Health, was among
the passengers. He goes to Dawson to
open a drugstore ana go into practice.
The members of the Board of Health and
a great number of his friends were down
to see him off. Three, steers that went up
on the steamer caused a great deal of
excitement during the morning. They re
fused to enter the boxes in which they
were to be carried to St. Michael, and
one of them broke a horn off in his efforts
to get away. They several times jumped
clean over their prisons, and the vaqueros
had to lasso them to prevent an escape.
A big black fellow nearly drove Freight
Clerk George Thorp and Customs In
spector Gallagher overboard, and had it
not been for a friendly sentry-box on the
wharf both of them would have got a
ducking. - , - ''. '■■'' ■■'<■-'
The North American Commercial Com
pany has purchased the schooner Charles
Levi Woodbury to replace the schooners
Alexander and Theresa, lost in Alaskan
waters. Captain Peter Delaney will go out
in command of the Woodbury. The latter
schooner, it will be remembered, brought
a party of Klondikers here from the
Fast
The stern wheel steamer F. M. Smith,
late the H. C. Grady, is to replace the
San Lorenzo on the Alviso run, while the
Alice Rix is to run in opposition. Both
the Smith and Xix were , intended - for
service on the Yukon River, but neither
of them could be towed to St. Michael.
Both are first-crass river steamers, but
an ocean steamer could not be got to tow
them up.
Tho Harbor Commissioners yesterday
appointed Hugo R. Herold office collector,
vice John R. Maginess, deceased. The
San Francisco and San Mateo electric
railroad was granted permission to lay its
tracks along East street from Howard to
the ferries. This will give the road a
terminus at the new depot, instead of at
the foot of Steuart street. Acting on the
advice of Chief Engineer Holmes, the
Commissioners decided that the roadbeds
of all street railways on State property
shall be of steel and concrete, so as to
make them permanent. C','i. 
The schooner Mary Ann, which left this
port June 8 for St. Michael, arrived there
prior to July 7. When five days out
Thomas Moich, one of the owners, was
lost overboard and drowned. A boat was
lowered, but no trace of the unfortunate
fellow could be found. He leaves a widow
and child In San Francisco.
The British bark Invercauld is now out
145 days from Cardiff for San Francisco
with a cargo of coal, and fears are en
tertained for her safety. The under
writers are now paying 8 guineas per cent
to reinsure her. >!: ll^v V-
The United States steamer Rush was at
Folsom-streot wharf, coaling, yesterday.
Now that the war is over, sho may be
cent north to Bering Sea,
Wichman and Thomas Beleased.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday ordered the release from tho
San Quentln Penitentiary of Georgo N.
Thomas and George Wichman, members
of the Emerald gang of opium smugglers.
Their cases wero similar to that of Louis
Groenwald, who was released on the day
before <>n tho ruling that a prisoner hav
ing served his term in the penitentiary
could not be legally detained any longer
because of the non-payment of a Hue.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AIDED BY MBS. PINKHAM.
m
Mrs. W. E. Paxtox, Youngtown,
North Dakota, writes about her strug-
gle to regain health after the birth of
her little girl:
11 Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — It is with
pleasure that I add my testimony to
your list, hoping that it may induce
others to avail themselves of your val-
uable medicine.
"After tho birth of my little girl,
three years ago, my health was very
poor. I had leucorrhoea badly, and a
terrible bearing-down j pain which
gradually grew worse, until I could do
no work. Also had headache nearly
all the time, and dizzy feelings. Men-
struations were very profuse, appear-
ing every two weeks.
*' I took medicine from a good doctor,
but it seemcu to do no good. I was
becoming alarmed over my condition,
when I read your advertisement in a
paper. I sent at once for a bottle of
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
ponnd, and after taking two-thirds of
the bottle I felt so much better that I
send for two more. After using three
bottles I felt as strong and well as any
one. j
44 I think it is the best medicine for
female weakness ever advertised, and
recommend it to every lady I meet suf-
fering from this trouble." (?'
Maternity is a wonderful experience
and many women approach it wholly
unprepared. Childbirth under right
conditions need not terrify women.
The advice of Mrs. Pinkham is freely
offered to all expectant mothers, and
her advice is beyond question the most
valuable to bo obtained. If Mrs. Pax-
ton had written to Mrs. Pinkham be-
fore confinement she would have been
saved much suffering. Mrs. Pinkham's
address is Lynn, Mass.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Saturday, August 13.
Twelve hundred souvenir programs oS
Dcwey given away at our concert to-day.
We received a handsome silk flag yesterday, presented
to Hale's California stores by the working women of San
Francisco. This letter came with it:
San Francisco, Aug. 12, 1898.
>s^ j— < t MESSRS. HALE BROS.— Gentlemen :
"jfjtjr 3 Iff!] ]l" | I have great pleasure, on behalf of this
el lif^ 1 1 I company of white American women, in
'"^ (SiHi v' Jl £$i\ presenting you with the accompanying
t y^iJ**iir •TV 'mv^**^ silk American fla It is a feeble expres-
— "*' )i iw^SL i^juLf/^Y / ' sons ' on of gratitude of the needy women of
s^/^liv^ \£jo&' : \ /$ ' San f:rancisco for 4^ e kind words of en-
/ /.-p^? \<- Jy~u^jy vi^^^^t?*^r" couragement, and more than that, the
i|D3-~ /^^Sv/^Or^SJU^^" actual start you gave their enterprise in
Q/f^^jr~'L >)t M c^^^Z setting these women to work. The goods
*^^tt^^^S -Vt it^^^r^^ t^ ie y are mal< ' ri s * or y° u sna " ' De we "
Jlkr^'N/ifl ''••'jf/Cjyy!; yJSr^^ made, and the women of San Francisco,
111 L'~^'~^»^^v^^p-^H^ :> 'ff = T ?l when they see these goods for sale at
> ««o /^«->W^-^^^^v''p^i<^ your stores, will see "good goods," which
vC^—^NJy^-*%~^-.-s2m^ )V ft have helped to put bread into the mouths
%^^ s^j^Ss^^^^> ~s^~~*l^ of httie children and hope into many a
" /fOV^^fe&l' . s^ y0 mother's heart, and I trust satisfaction to
Lv7^<9k^7/J^^^s^l sfy' yourselves in giving protective support to
v?iLj/)2f( (I il^lli^^:;^^'^ American women as against alien labor.
lF*jr\ 'J I f^WZ^ Gratefu lly,
' ADDIE I. BALLOU, Secretary.
The Women's Sewing Company.
The flag and the letter are displayed in our window.
Grand afternoon concert :2 to 5.
Boston Elite Orchestra, Leo Bruck director.
Program :
PART I. PART 11.
1. March. "Le pere de Victoire' Ganne 7. Trombone Solo, "Killarney" Balfo
(The Father of Victory.) Soloist. Mr. L. Klotz.
2. Waltz. "Rendezvous" \\ alOteufel „:„__., o ...
3. Overture "The Merry Wives of Wind- 8. Selection, "The Gondoliers Sullivan
4. ,f°,i". •" It' ■•".•■ -;;-\i; .'. 0 " 1^ 1 S. Doet for Clalmnet and Flute, "The
4. Ballet. "Love's Whisper' Marks
5. Selection, "La Fille dv Regiment".. Chatterers Bendlx
Donizetti Messrs. Bridges and Klein.
I MedTe? I%F£J^..Z£ZSLm 10 " »*">• "Boulanger" Wle B an 4
(Introducing: There's & light In the (Introducing: La Marseillaise.)
t window— Nanon— kiss more— Don't XL Waltz, "Dream on the Ocean".... Gungl
■ leave your mother — Mexican Serenade — ,„ „ v •«/-!,.,. v ,-,." -nin^m
Read the answer in the stars-Fun in a 12 - March, Our Navy Bloom
skating- rink.) "The Star Spangled Banner."
These items among others arc on sale to-day:
ff6ntS* Fine wool mixed un- gents' Unlaundered, of good mus-
underwear c ' ei ' weari in natural shirts '' n * linen osomSi nec ' < and
UIIUU W gray and a good qc_ cuff bands, re - enforced
SUC piece. weight They are dOC fronts and shoulders, all
silk bound and well finished, both; sizes but 17A — one hundred dozen to
shirts and drawers, in all sizes, 34 to close out
46, to close out final Sunday js a go . out . day ,
touches. art of n the da ° r a!|
Celebrated 2 - clasp overseam, * day. Do you want veil-
it tj t% " latest embroidery, in ings, garters, ribbons, embroidery, cor-
q»7^* 1 tan, mode, brown, sets, laces, skirt binding, millinery,
tt>l glOVe. Ed, blue, green, sii-j hosiery, neckwear, gloves? We have
ver gray, slate, white, pearl and black; all these and others; one — and
fitted to your hand, kept in repair and a happy faculty of showing new goods
cleaned promptly. ; first
■ The store that mother likes."
Hale's,
937=939=941-943-945-947 Market St.,
Opposite Mason.
AMUSEMENTS.
imOSCO'SfiRANDS
Waltkb Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Main 532
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . lOc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
LAST WEEK OF "OUR CALIFORNIA BOY,'
JAMES M. BROPHY
In a Magnificent Production of the Great Melo-
dramatic Success,
THE CHERRY PICKERS
200 NIGHTS IN NEW YORK.
First Time In San Francisco.
Beautiful Scenery! Startling Effects. Elaborate
Costumes! Picturesque Uniforms 1
A Great Cast! s ,
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY, AUG. 13.
Parquet, any seat, 2Sc. Balcony, 10c. Chil-
dren. 10c, any part. -
The Hegelmanns, World' 3 Greatest AarlaJ-
ists; Lillian Burkhart and Company, In the
Dainty Comedietta, "Dropping a Hint"; O'Brien
& Buckley, Musical Comiques; James Thorn-
ton, New Songs and Satire; Macarte Sisters,
Great New Act; .W. H. Windom and Black-
son Quartet; Angela Sisters, New Repertoire;
Wilton & Stack. Triple Bar Artists; Valbon &
Anth«*lmine. Vocalists.
Next Week— Great MME. TAVARY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Manager.
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON.
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2, also To-morrow
Evening,' Gounod's Immortal Opera,
"FAUST."
To-night, Last Time. Verdi's Favorite Opera,
"1L TROVATORE."
Next Week. Wagner's Music-drama, "LOHEN-
GRIN." A Complete Production.
Seats Now on Sale.
Popular Prices. 2Bc and 50c. N. B.— A reserved
seat for Matinee, 250. Telephone, Bush 9.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
Last 2 Nights— Matinee To-day.
"HIS.:.ABSENT.:.BOY!"
The Great Comedy Presented by the
FRAWLEY COMPANY!
"IT'S A CUP OF JOY."
Next Monday— Revival of "TRILBY."
BALDWIN THEATER. August 22-HENRY
MILLER In "HEARTSEASE."
AT fA7AD MATINEE
ALUAZfAK. to-day.
To-Night and SuEday-Laßt Times of
"CAMILLE."
NEXT WEEK— LAST BUT ONE OF
LEWIS MORRISON.
Monday and Tuesday nights. "FAUST";
Wednesday night. "MASTER OF CEREMO-
NIES' '^Thursday and Friday. "FREDERICK
THE GREAT": Saturday matinee, Saturday
ana Sunday nights, "YORICK'S LOVE."
SUTRO BATHS.
- SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1593.
WORLD'S CHAMPIONSHIP
220 -YARD SWIMMING RACE
Between—
SIDNEY CAVILL, Australian Champion,
And
ROGER B. CORNELL. Pacific Coas£ Champion,
FOR A PURSE OF *500.
Also Immense AQUATIC BILL.
ADMISSION, 10c. CHILDREN, 60.
AT VMDI 1 Eddy, cor. — Greatest Aero-
ULIiHrIA batlc Novelty of the Age. ROYAL
TOKIO ACROBATIC WONDERS, Japan's Moat
Skilled Balancers, ■ Jugglers and Acrobats;
DARRELL & MILLER, ROCKWELL, STAN-
LEY, ROYCE SISTERS and Others. Admis-
sion Free. Matinee Sunday.
BASEBALL! RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
PACIFIC COAST BASEBALL LEAGUE.
CHAMPIONSHIP PACIFIC COAST.
TO-DAY AT 3 P. M..
BAN JOSE VS. SANTA CRUZ.
, ADMISSION, 25c.
AMUSEMENTS.
SPECIAL TRAIN
FOR-
©AN MATEO,
ACCOUNT
GARDEN PARTY AND FETE.
To Be Held At
THE CROCKER RESIDENCE
SATURDAY August 13
TRAIN WILL LEAVE DEPOT
Third and Townsend sts., at 12:30 P. M. Re-
turning, leave San Mateo at 5:00 P. M.
ROUND-TRIP TICKETS E0 CENTS
UNION COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY, August 13-14.
ALL-AGED AND SAPLING STAKES.
72 CRACKAJACKS!
BIG MONEY— Prizes I
TRAIN BERVTCB. •
Leaves Third and Townsend streets Saturday
1 p. m., Sunday 11 a. m., 12 m., 1 and 2 p. m. ;
Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets five minutes
later. Returning, leave park Immediately after
last course. Extra train from park on Sunday,
4:45 p. m. San Mateo electric oars every ten
minutes.
ADMISSION, 25c LADIES FREB.
CHUTES^iND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENINO. \:
A GREAT VAUDEVILLE GATHERING. Sj
IN THE FREE THEATER.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
Sultana, the Mother of Adgie's Lions,
AND HER THREE CUBS.
CANNON, THE 613-POUNDER, STIU»
BOOMS!
10c, Including Zoo and Theater; Children, Be
DDK AAT A I* the new discovery
Uttfc A3IA yon I
*«w and no dreams. DREAMA
C ou»e6 bad dreams, dye-
-^IjwNw D 6 ** l *. horrible
dreams. s dreama w bea<l-
nl?ht lllu- ache
slons, nightmare. .j^^^^.
Take at right. It not; Xo^*S.
cured mouey refunded. 860 '^Sr '
a box. DBEAMA CO. Sold by
GRANT'S BALDWIN PHARMACY.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
BO KOT DEBPAIB ! DonotSuf-
jffiaXlggak t er Longer! The Joys and ambitions of
&fj**^v£\ iite can be restored to you. Th* very
RPM ' ;S9 worst c&ses of Xervon* Debilttv ara
a»O SOT DESPAIR ! DonotSuf-
fer Longer! The Joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The very
worst cases of Xervou* Debility are
absolutely cured by PERFECTO
*V& TABLETS. Give prompt relief to in-
tfiKK. somnia, failing memory and the waste
(WyK=jf*a» and drain of vital powers, incurred by
*ilA^2aSP' indiscretions or excesses or early years.
w s&f*>^ Impart vijror and potency to everj' funo-
tlon. Brace up the system. Oire ■^ffjfr. bloom to tho
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of^^TN young or old.
One 50c box renews vital energy, 6 boxes at
fi. so a complete (ruaranteed cure »JrWy or money re-
funded. Can be carried in rest pocket. Sold
everywhere, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
price by TUB FEBFECTO CO., Coxton Bids., Chicago, 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co., San Fran, and Oakland.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonio
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of tha
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merita; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents. .
823 Market street, 8. F.— (Send for Circular.)
(f^ Chldittter'a English Diamond BnutO. "-^
Chleheater's English Diamond Brand.
'ennyroVal pills
V *~ <K~"v Original and Only Genuine. A
'/* VT«>A B>rt, ilw»ji reliable, laoics ut ia\
» A\ i>viiM Druggist for CAicAutar » B-\t)lit\ Dia-fSW
foMys'SvAmor.J Brand in Kcd mai Gold m«'.»il!c \%jMr
1-v — Ofij tibosci. sealed with Mac ribbon. Take YSr
*1 ®^> ¥VW no other. Kef use danetrou* m&tiitw V
\~ I ~ Aftiotu and imitation: AtDrnggista, er send 4*.
I U if in ttimpi for particulars, testimotil&l> ul
IC* » " Kellof for Ladles," in Utter, by ret ora
•A. . I? MalL lO.OOOTMtimoolals. Itmt, Paper.
v — Cit<-ht»trr i kemieal Co.,
l»ld by aU Local 'Ornssists. . :. PfITL-VDAnri*
78
THE COLONEL
IS NOW
RAUER'S ADVISED
A question that is bothering the patrons
of Recreation Turk to no little extent Is:
What t. - Colonel T. P. Robinson's position
In the P.aciflc Coast League?
Two weeks ago 1 could not have at
• tempted to answer the perplexing ques
tion, for .the reason that I, like a great
■ many of .the "knowing ones," was of
the opinion that the colonel was nothing
else than an .ornament, and was connected
with the league only in that capacity.
"This rather novel opinion 1 have enter-.
' talned ever since the consolidation, but
, before this combining of forces, in which
' the prude managers and credulous play
ers were so beautifully betrayed, 1 had
' occasion to entertain a very exalted idea
i)f- this man Rcubinson.
This coincidence may strike some of the
past lovers of tins game us being rather
singular; yet the 'ingenuousness of my re
■ .mark, for the present, must stand un
'controverted.
During the strangle betweeen Central
Park and Recreation, I accidentally met
' the colonel, and, being in the company
' of a few representatives of the Central
organization, it was but natural that they
should expatiate on the respective merits
/.and drawing abilities of their clubs.
The colonel, •whom 1 afterward learned
had a great reputation for expatiating
through his "sun bonnet," had his op
ponents vanquished from the very start,
when it came to argument. It was not
the veracity of his statements, which were
. delivered with amazing alacrity anVl effl
■ oaciousness, that gave him such a lead,
•' but it was the careless manner with
.■which he handle*! that much respected
. 'noun known as money. He was authority
" ■ for the statement that he had $1,000,000
Lacking, and that he was prepared to ex
■ pend that amount in freezing; out the Cen
• tral Park league.
• My friends from that league, although
they made no attempt to lessen the eili
• cacy of the most extraordinary avowal,
still showed some signs of doubt,
' which the colonel saw fit to rent
:• r. To Jo tliis, however, the man
had to act with dexterity ami prud
yet', as you will readily perceive, he ■wad
not lacking in either.
"Just to show you how I stand" (and he
was able to maintain his equilibrium, as
tho beverages were slow in taking effect,
as -were the other ingredients) said he to
me, "I'll give you &:&00 to play ball in my
yard."
At the moment of this offer I was not
aware of the fact that I could earn my
.bread through the generosity of The Call,
and, therefore, accepted the colonel's fic
titious offer -with exultation and some
precipitancy.
Picture to yourself my shattered sensa
tions when he added, "That is. If you can
secure your release from Baltimore." As
.this was Impossible, my dealings with
•the colonel ended then and there; yet,
that million-dollar harangue which he
seemed to delight in divulging had
a most soothing effect, and , left
'the' impression that he, despite
' ills beautifully proportioned semi-dreams,
was uncontestably the premier and .Na
poleon of delusive ball magnates.
.' This, of course, was before the con
• solidation, and it would be an impossible
•■lnstance of injustice to censure me for
entertaining such an exalted opinion of
• him.
Now, however, since the two opposing
' factions have combined, as previously
.mentioned, and tranquillity apparently
prevails, the colonel has been deprived of
"his rights, and this fact has caused the
.-question, "What is the colonel's position
■ •in .the league now?" to be advanced.
. when the question was first put to me,
•I was really afraid to conjecture, as 1 was
• still wondering how it was that he went
. through that million so rapidly.
•••.1 could not, however, blind myself to
••the reality that he, on Saturdays and
Sundays at Recreation Park, looked more
•'like a piece of Oriental bric-a-brac, im
• ported with the intention of being used
:.us a piece of decorative art, for Mr.
'Raver is a man of exquisite taste, and
.does much for the lovers of the game.
. 1 was alone In this, for the majority
- fcl'aimed that he was employed to chase
■ the balls that went over the fence, and
"'oiso to incidentally look pleasant when
:his proprietor, Mr. Bauer, was in cvi
. \dence. All these opinions were, however,
• unproductive, as they were but casual
conjectures, and it was my lot to discover
. thereal capacity of the colonel as regards
the Pacific Coast League.
" This occurred but a short time ago.
Through Mr. Bunker, one of the manag
ers of- the San Franciscos. Mr. Raver
made me an offer to play ball, as a pitch
er, in the San Francisco Club. 1 was of
fered %mO for twenty-four games, and
would not accept. Six hundred dollars
■was the next and I would not think of it.
To $650 I paid no, and to $700 I would not
listen. Then I was prevailed upon to .make
a proposition, which I did. Eight hun
dred dollars and a pitcher's share of the
receipts was my price, and I never change.
• I also inserted with my offer that the $00
be put up in cold cash in such a manner
that the ingenuity of Mr. Raver would be
useless. They would not come any higher
than $700 without a player's dividend, and
1 was also told that no money would be
put up. The latter remark put an end to
all proceedings, for with me it is "a bird
in the hand is worth two In the bush"; for
I had a little experience with Mr. Hanlon
of the famous Baltlmores, in which I was
loser to the extent of $32, and which, by
the way, Is the baseball manner of re
paying faithful service done tolerably
'•well. To place me in a false light with
the Frisco players these gentlemen saw
fit to circulate the report that they had
offered me a thousand dollars and I re
fused. If the money was not put up
where I could see it once in a while,
Just to know that it was there where they
left it. I certainly would refuse, but no
such offer was made me, and these gen
tlemen had no right to say so.
So far so pood. But where does the
colonel come In? Well, the colonel was the
man who advised Raver how to make the
offers, and the colonel is the one who said I
"Don't put up a cent," with the thought, |
."we might get it all back." The colonel
is, therefore, Mr. Raver's baseball ad-
Viaer, and it is cruelly unjust to allude to
him as an ornament, ball chaser or bus
director. He is adviser to Raver, and
Raver is a great man. Why, he controls
Recreation Park and the baseball depart
ment of The Call, so I am told.
To-day the Santa Cruz and San Joses
•will compete. It is whispered around
that the emergency board will be pres
ent, but the colonel dare not verify the
rumor. The line-up is as follows:
.. Ban Jose. Position. Santa Cruz.
JberK Pitcher E. Daubenbis
Kent..... Catcher C. Daubenbla
Jlanlon First base Fitzgerald
JS*?an Second base Arrellanes
McCarthy.-. ..Third base Uevereaux
33rockhofC Shortstop "Will lams
Hajiley Left field Strelb
McGucken Center field Mclntyre
I'dley Right field McGrath
;- '• „-;■•; JOE CORBETT.
XILPATRICK'S FIGHT ON.
Petition for a Writ of Mandate Occu-
pying Judge Hunt's Time.
The fight of E. C. Kilp.-itrlck for a writ
of mandate to compel the Board of Edu
n to reinstate him as principal of
the Bush; rig School is now oc
cupying the time of Judge Hunt. Kll
patrick not only seeks to recover his po
sition, but to be awarded Judgment for
:l months' salary accompanying the
on.
The dismissal of Kilpatrick was the cul
miriation of a misunderstanding between
him and School Directors Waller and Ra
fpan, whom Kilpatrick charged with bav
iolated the trust Imposed upon them.
The merits of the controversy were thor r
oughly ventilated at the time and result
ed finally in the dismissal of Kilpatrick.
When the case opened yesterday morning
both sides stipulated that the dismissed
td a proper certificate and was
competent to teach the branches em
! in the course pursued In the Even
jut,' Business School. In consequence the
only point in issue relates to the power of
tin- board to dismiss him upon the
grounds which will be assigned at the
trial. Kilpatrick was on the stand for a
short time, but did not finish his story
lip to the time of adjournment. The case
, d -to-day.
McAdie Is Avenged.
T. W. Fltzpatrlck, saloonkeeper, 655 Sac
ttto street, Who was arrested Wednes
day on the complaint of A. G. McAdie,
the local forecast official, for cruelty to
is in throwing 1 a kitten to a fox
t'-rncr to be mangled, pleaded guilty In
Judge Joachimsen's court yesterday and
was fined $5. Pitzpatrick had demanded a
jury but changed his mind.
THE FIELD OF SPORT.
FLEET DOGS WILL
CHASE
CUNNING HARES.
Steadily grows the number of coursing
dogs and each week an augmentation of
the coursing attendance is noted. At
Union Park to-day there will open the In-
itial runs of two stakes. The lesser is a',
sapling event, embracing ten fleet young-
Sters of top notch breeding. The major
feature is an open contest with sixty-two
"long-tails" out for laurels and lucre. At
Ingleside the card includes but one stake,
but more Is hardly needed. No leys than
eighty-eight candidates will compete, and
they are of an aggregate quality acknowl-
edging no peer in America, if in the
world. The total money'disbursed at the
two parks in prizes approximates SI6SO.
That the greyhounds are being trained
to the acme of condition nowadays neces-
sarily goes without saying. Coursing has
SALMON FISHING AT CAPITOLA
ANGLERS are enjoying first class sport at Capltola now. Commodore
Taylor, accompanied by A. H. Bonner and F. S. Chadbourne, fishing
from Air. Taylor's launch, caught 12 salmon and six large seabass in
half a day's fishing. Bonner landed the largest seabass of the season.
It weighed 54 pounds. Cnadbourne fainted after successfully landing a 35
pound salmon. On August 4 Superintendent Frank Reamir of Capitola,
with F. A. Hihn and a Mr. Johnson, also enjoyed excellent sport. One of
the salmon captured scaled 42 pounds. The seVen-year-old son of Mr.
Reamir will be seen in the illustration standing close by the quinnat.
The largest catch of salmon was made by a party consisting of Commo
dore Taylor, Miss Dolia Elster. Miss Jennie Pottenger and Frank King.
In three hours' fishing they landed 19 salmon. 8 .sc-abass and numerous
mackerel, and still there are just as good fish in the sea a» ever were
caught.
not yet reached the stage at which "there
is millions In it," but a winning bound
may pull down his weight in gold during
his racing life at the present rate, and
some are doing so.
. The racing at both parks to-day will
commence at the usual hour and continue
through to-morrow.
Of the ten saplings running at Union
Park four are owned by it. E. de B. Lo
pez of Pleasanton. The Pleasanton young
sters should certainly annex a goodly
slice ot the money. Mr. Lopez also has
' several candidates in the open stake.
Arthur Massey baa been giving his
Eastern brace some unusually nara work
during the week. Hadiwist and Hot Stuff
are both dogs of class and .should do sev
eral flags at Jngleside this week. Last
Sunday their share of the pie was $13V.
: Since his arrival Massey's winnings at
' Ingleside have been as follows: Hadiwist,
$2%; Hot Stuff. $IGS; Beauty, $47 50; Hattel,
$38; and Persimmons, $10. Total, since
May 31, J537 50.
Metallic looks to have another stake at
Union Park this week. The Curtis dogs
and Theron seem to be his only dangerous
competitors. At the same time there are
many chances in coursing.
John Eagan was asked to set a price on
! his puppy, Billy Gladstone, at Inglesiriu,
even before he had landed the stake. Mr.
Eagan whispered, "One thousand dol
lars." It was not paid, but the dog will
win it out if he lives long enough. He Is
only sixteen months old.
It was alleged at Ingleside last Sunday
that False Kiatterer should beat Conne
mara because Flying Buck had once led
Rosette three lengths— which it was
claimed Connemara hadn't done— while
the Flatterer had been regularly leading
Flying Buck four lengths. Such, presum
ably, is form playing. But form players
would have conceded a good lead to Moon
dyne in a run with Hadiwist and the same
to Mialmo against Hot Stuff. Yet Mialmo
was downed by Johnny 11, who in turn
lost to Hot Stuff, while Skyball beat
Moondyne only to lose to Hadiwist.
Mooridyne is the favorite this week at
Ingleside, but he has hard game before
him Moreover, there is a heavy pjay on
6everal of the others, chief among them
being False Flatterer.
The winners of the run down at Tngle-
Bide this afternoon look to be Rosie R,
Hot Stuff, Moondyne. Ida, Victor Queen,
False Flatterer, Rush o' Hill, Lee Boy.
Lottie M, Victor, Counterfeit. L. S. Con
ley, Occidental. White Lily. Monitor. Pe
tronius, Peaceful Glen, Miss Alice, Swln
nerton, Hobson. Promise Me, Wayfarer,
Mission Tip, Koolawn, Eclipse, Royal
Prize, Precita Girl, Sllkwood. Mialmo,
Whitehall, Leonora, Las Palmas, Obe
diah. Myrtle, Hadiwist, Glen Roy. Old
Glory, Log Boy, Bell of Moscow, Dempsey
Lass, Crosspatch, Mystic Maid, Royal
Buck and Benlcia Boy.
The running at Ingleside to-day begins
at 12:30 and to-morrow at 10;30 o'clock.
The Winners at Union Park to-day look
to be aa follows: Sapling stake— Road
Agent, Thlsbe, Santiago, Santa Rita, Bit
of Fashion.
All-age stake— Lightning Jennie Wil
son, Mona. Liberty Bell, Cavalier, Lalla
Rookh, Forget, Tod Sloan, Douglass, Lau
relwood, Gladys Pasha, Jesse Moore, Mir:
noapolis. Lady Blanche, Rapid, Hercules.
Vanity Fair, Mountain Beauty, Highland
Ball, Mystery, Miller's Maid, Lissak,
Wildflower, Commodore, Sweet Lips. Me
tallic, Victor Chief, Wlnona, Chili Pepper,
Van Knapp, Lord Byron.
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub a,nd swimming baths, North Beach. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 13, 1898.
TENNIS MEN LOOK
TO DEL
MONTE COURTS.
; Tennis has taken a boom In the last few
j weeks and present indications promise a
return to the days of tournaments and
lnterclub rivalry. There will he an invi
tatlon doubles at the California Club this
[ afternoon and some special matches will
.be played on the courts of the Alameda
Tennis Club to-morrow,
j The doubles tournament in this city will
\ bring out, with the exception of George
Whitney, all the older playing members
of the California Club. The teams en
\ tered are George Whitney and Colonel
Lindermann. R. J. Davis and John O.
; Blanchard, Werner Stauff and John Kil
gariff, Harvey Walter and Walter Me-
Gavin. Each team will play every other
team and the ranking will be adjusted ac
> cording to games lost and won. Should
I there be a tie for first place the cham
: pionship will be decided by playing- the tie
j off. Handsome prizes will be awarded the
winning team. This is the third Saturday
! tournament within a month.
A most earnest effort is being made to
hold a big invitation tournament at Mon
terey a week from to-day. It Is the inten
! tion of the Del Monte tournament pro
moter to secure the best Mix players from
the California Club and the best six from
the other side of the bay. The California
players who have signified their willing
i ness to enter the tournament yre George
Whitney. Welhe, Smith, Adams, Cheese
: brough and Robert N. Whitney. From
: Oakland and Alameda the representatives
j will be Nicholson, Stone, Selby, Bowen
i Holmes and Murdock. An attempt has
'■■ been made to enlist the Hardy brothers
i but it does not seem likely that they will
i play. Their business and studies occupy
i their full time at present, to the exclusion
j of everything else.
I  The ,/natch between Joe Daily and Wil
liam M. Thatcher, which was to be played
! last Monday on the Oakland courts did
j not eventuate. The directors of the Cali
; fornia Club put a ban upon Daily's play
ing on outside courts and the dual contest
did not take place for that reason.
CRICKETING TROPHY
IS ALL BUT WON.
Last Sunday's match at Alameda was
the fourth played this season between the
Pacific and Alameda clubs for the Hunter
Harrison cup, which was won in 189G and
1897 by the Alamedas. The Alameda team
went to the wickets, and kept the Pa
cific men in the field all day. R. B. Hogtie
(captain) and J. J. Moriarlty made 87
runs each, J. H. Saunders 42, and, when
stumps were drawn for the day, eight
wickets were down for 317 runs. H Ward
was not out 6, F. Stahl not out 10 and
F. C. Driffleld did not bat. Even if these
three should add little to the Alameda
score, the Pacific eleven lias a hard task
before it. It is hardly possible for it to
win, and not probable that it will draw
the game.
The match will be continued to-day,
and, if the Alamedas only succeed in
making it a drawn game, they will have
won two and drawn two of the five
cup matches to be played this season
and will be the champions of IS9B as well
as of IS9C and 1897. The Hunter Harri
son cup, having been won three times in
succession by the Alamedas, will become
the absolute property of the club.
The Alameda team Is made up of R. B
Hogue (captain), I. H. Spiro, J. J. Mori
arlty, F. J. Croll, J. H. Saunders, J J
R. Peel, R. Bird. H. Ward, V. Seebeck'
F. Stahl and F. C. Driffleld. The Pacific
eleven is composed of B. F. Musson (cap
tain), T. W. G. Wallace, C. B. Hill, J. H
Harbour, C. P. Coles, J. J. Theobald. C.
Townsley, J. H. McLean, George Theo
bald, Fane Sewell and H. P. Gordon.
Grand Jury Defended.
Judge Belcher has taken umbrage at
certain insinuations that have been made
against the present Grand Jury, and does
not hesitate to defend that body. He
states that there is no foundation for the
intimation that he intends to dismiss the
jury because of its failure to reach re
sults.
CYCLING EVENTS
AT HAND
AND IN PROSPECT.
As yet no entry blanks or definite par
ticulars have been received here of the
Stockton meet scheduled for August 28.
The promoters should get their blanks
ami Information out at once, if they ex
pect any large attendance from this city,
as the men will not go into training and
the "rooters" will not make arrangements
for the trip until they are assured the
meet will come off.
Entry blanks and prize lists from San
Jose are expected In a few days for the
Garden City Wheelmen's big meet on
September 9. This promises to be the
most important wheel gathering of the
year.
By request of the members of the Cali
fornia Cycling Chib, Captain R. A. Coul
ter will repeat toimorrow the 'run to
Tocaloma held last Sunday. They will
take the 8 a. m. Sausalito boat and train
to Fairfax. A large crowd is expected
on the ride.
Ivan Treadwell and his manager. King
Rhys, are located at the Elmhurst track,
Treadwell being in training for the Stock
ton and San Jose meets later on. He is
showing great speed, and will give the
top notch amateurs a run for their
money.
The Mountain View Cyclers have elect
ed the following officers for the ensuing
year: P. W. Clark, president; Frank
Grant, vice president; James C. Kennedy,
recording secretary; A. W. Elerhorn,
financial secretary; Fred Cutter, treas
urer; John S. Bailey and W. A. Clark, di
rectors. The club is in a flourishing con
dition.
It is proposed to give three great races
at the close of the season, when threu
of the best riders in America at middle
dlstance racing will be chosen as com
petitors for the American championship.
As America has the best riders in the
world now, this >vill virtually mean the
world's championship. The men who are
most likely to be chosen are Eddie Mc-
Duffle, Tom Linton and Jimmy Michael.
K. Ross LiOzier, Jhe well-known Cleve
land manufacturer, whose arrival here
was noted In The Call Thursday, is spend
ing the days sight-seeing and renewing
old acquaintances. To-night and to-mor
row Bob Lennle will entertain Mr. I,< Kier
ami party at the tavern on the top of
Mt. Tamalpnls.
The regular monthly meeting of the
California Associated Cycling clubs, to
have been, held last Saturday night at the
Reliance Club, Oakland, had to be post
poned for want of a quorum. San i ran
dsco is the place for the association's
meetings, and none of them should be
held elsewhere. A quorum Is always as
sured in the metropolis, and the associa
tion has grown out of its swaddling
clothes when monthly visits to the clubs
were in order and each club was expected
to take its turn entertaining. Why can
not the association make an arrangement
with the Cycle Board of Trade and share
rooms In some building, a central point
for all delegates.
Henry L. Day, George P. Caldwell, Her
bert \V. Welch and Secretary A. J. Menne
of tho Bay City Wheelmen will start to
day on a fortnight's camping trip In the
Russian River country. As each will
carry a rifle on his wheel, the big game
of that region are in imminent danger of
extermination unless they got scent of
the nlmrods ajid keep In hiding.
As far back a a the last century, ath
letic sports engaged to some, extent the
attention of college students, though it is
supposed by many that they are of com
parative recent growth. The Overland
Monthly for August has aji article on the
life of Thomas Trenor. treasurer of the
organization which led tho movement for
the national independence of Ireland in
17!<\ He was a graduate of Trinity Col
lege "Old Trinity" in Dublin, and was
amateur champion of Ireland at tho run
ning broad jump, having a record of
twenty-one feet, made at the Dublin gym
nasium. The distance is more than most
men can clear to-day. While not c [ual
to the present record, it gives ground for
the claim that the Improvement shown
now is solely owing to better methods
of training, which bring men to a higher
physical condition th;ui wns known 100
years ago.
Captain Harry 'Larkln, of the Bay City
Wheelmen, and Captain W. L. Loos, of
the Olympic Club Wheelmen, have met to
arrange a joint run of the two clubs. The
date has been set for Sunday, Septem
ber 25, and should be the largest joint
run of the season.
The members of tho Imperial Cycling
Club have secured the yacht Volunteer
and will enjoy a sail on the bay to-mor
row. H. W. SPALDING.
NEWS FROM THE
COLLEGE GRIDIRONS.
The University of California opens its
fall semester this week, and with it the
preliminary football season begins, as far
as that university is concerned. Already
a weighting of material is Indulged in by
the college students and a balancing of
forces for the coming campaign of *he
gridiron is daily talk. The two college
coaches will soon appear on the scene,
and then the actual work will commence.
Stanford's crack team of last year will
have big gaps in It by the graduation of
some and the withdrawal from college of
other members of the team. The great
center trio— Burnett. Fickert and Carle
will be nothing but a memory. Fickert
has played the allotted four years and
Carle may not return. Burnett will cer
tainly not be seen on a gridiron this year,
for he is with the army at Manila. New
tackles will have to be developed, but this
will not be a difficult undertaking, as the
material for this position is the very best.
Phil Wilson and Jerry Rusk are tho most
probable tackles. The candidates for ends
on the cardinal team will be Parker,
Smith and Berkley. Erb and Murphy will
return, and they will be the quarter can
didates. Fisher and Burmeister will also
return. This does not take into account
the new material which will come in with
the freshman class.
Cochran's task will be a difflclt one.
During the spring he put his mtn through
a great deal of the preliminary work on
the Berkeley campus, and he will get
them out just as soon as they have re
turned to college. Percy Hall will also
marshal his old men together in a few
weeks. California depends on the fresh
man class to furnish some big men but
whether the usual disappointment will be
their portion this year is a matter of
question. Manager Brown has been scour-
Ing the State for large men, but his tour
has not been very fruitful. Guiberson
will be trained for guard. Most of the
old players will bo back, and they will
train for positions this year.
HANDBALL GAMES
WITH TENNIS BALL.
Games of handball slated for Sunday by
Phil Ryan, manager of the San Fran
cisco ball court, are:
M. Basch and M. Joyce vs. R. Housman and
M. Klrby: E. Barry and J. Hogan vs. T. Foley
and J. Klrby; 15. Rodgers and P. Ryan vs. G.
McDonald and M. McNeil, J. Slattery and M.
Dillon v». G. Hutchlnson and P. Kelly; R.
Murphy and J. Collins vs. J. White and E.
Ourley; J. C. Nealon and E. Maloney vs. J.
Rlordon and P. Hutchinson: T. P. Bonnet and
A. Hampton vs. R. Linehaa and if. J. Kil
gallon. ______________
More Smuggled Cigars Seized.
Customs officers yesterday discovered
600 smuggled cigars hidden In the crew's
quarters on the steamer Curacao, which
recently arrived from Vera Cruz, Mexico.
This seizure makes a total of 1400 cigars
seized on the vessel In two days.
WHAT IS GOING
ON AMONG
THE YACHTSMEN.
There seems to be some doubt In the
minds of yachting men as to the date of
the Pacific lnterclub Association's annual
regatta. On the programme of the asso
ciation the regatta is set down for Sep
tember 4, but the Pacifies have a cruise
to Quarry Cove and return on the 3d and
4th, and the Encinals have a ladies' cruise
to San Mateo and return, deferred from
June 4 and 5, put down for September 4
and B. The Cfilifornias have a cruise to
Martinez and return on their programme
for September 3, 4 and 5. The San Fran
clscos, Corinthiariß and South Bays are
the three clubs which have open dates on
the 4th. On the programme of the Encin
als, California^ and South Bays the date
assigned to the association regatta is
September 9, while the San Franciscos
A FAST YOUNG GREYHOUND.
POSSIBLY the proudest man at Ingleslde Coursing Park last Sunday was
the veteran leashman of the State, John Egan of 1129 Folsom street. Mr.
Egan has been a breeder of greyhounds for more than twenty years, and
many of the high class dogs he owned won laurels on the famous
plains of Merced. But on Sunday last, when the pup Billy Gladstone
walked away with first prize at Ingleside Park, Egan's joy knew no
bounds. He refused $1000 for the youngster after the dog won his first
course. Billy Gladstone comes from good old stock. His dam is the well'
known Sly Girl Jr.-Skyrocket, and it goes without saying that if nothing
befalls Billy his future is of great promise.
have a cruise from McNear's Landing to
Napa City for that day. The Pacifies and
Corinthians are open for special orders.
The South Bays propose to cruise up lo
San Francisco on the Bth and witness the
association regatta on the 9th. It Is thus
clearly desirable that the date of the re
gatta should be settled beyond doubt, and
the secretaries of the clubs should be
furnished with a printed notice whien can
bo displayed In the clubhouses. The 4th
su-rms the more suitable day, Inasmuch
as the three dayp.-the 9th, 10th and lllh—
furnish the opportunity for an extended
Commodore Dr. T. L. Hill's sloop Cyg
nus has been on the ways at Menottl's
for the purpose of stopping a leak. She
will probably be out sailing to-morrow.
Vice Commodore G. T. S. White had a
party of friends on his sloop Will 0 tho
Wisp last Sunday, as also had Arthur D.
Naylor on his sloop Twilight. Both
yachts anchored in Paradise Cove. G.
Campbell, who is living on board the
Davidson brothers cutter Folly. sailed to
McNear*s Landing. Port Captain Dr. A.
W McKeniie's launch Alkerta, in charge
of Arthur Kanzee, took a large party to
Larkspur on Sunday. Frank Bartlett's
sloop Queen is at anchor In the Corte
Madera Creek. Menotti is progressing
with the work on Messrs. Buckley and
Kanzee's new boat. Her deck planks are
on. and it is expected that she will be
ready to sail in a month from now. C.
Chlttenden's yawl Phyllis has been up the
Sacramento River during the week. The
yawl Frolic, the cutter Folly and the
Bloop Catherine were cruising in tho up
per nay last Sunday.
the San Franciseos propose to get a
launch to be used in towing members'
yachts out Into the wind or back to their
moorings when the breezes fall light. The
launch will be especially serviceable a
little later In the season.
Commodore E. A. Wiltsea's schooner
Aggie flagship of the Pacific Yacht Club,
started for Santa Catalina on Wednesday.
The Corinthian clambake at Tiburon on
Sunday under the able supervision of
Port Captain John H. Keefe, was most
successful, and it Is very likely that It
will become an annual Institution. Most
of those who contributed to the gayety
or success of the event have already been
mentioned in The Call, but credit is also
due to J. Cathcart for his songs and to 11.
Cookson for his work in gathering the
succulent clams. To-day the Corinthians
cruise to Point Richmond, returning- to-
Commodore C. J. Lancaster of the Cali
fornias will probably make a trip to
Honolulu, leaving the fleet under the
command of Vice Commodore G. B. Ed
gar. Allen M. Clay of the sloop Sea Fox
sailed to El Campo on Sunday, and on his
return encountered a stiff breeze. Sec
retary G. F. Gaither's sloop IT & I cruised
about outside Oakland Creek last Sunday.
On board the U & I were: C. 8 Flanders,
captain of Company I. Twentieth Kansas
United States Volunteers: Miss Laura
Lopp of Chlc.o. Miss Ruth Galther Fred
Lopp and G. F. Gaither. Captain Wheel
er's new sloop Rattler Jr., a keel boat,
twenty feet over all and sloop-rigged,
cruised to Goat Island and thence to tho
city front. She ran home with a piping
breeze George Miller's sloop Occident
sailed up to Vallejo last Saturday. All
her ballast is now on board. Harry W .
Brvdge's sloop Hope and the sloop Idler
have returned from trips up the river.
J. Hanlon of the sloop Sultana H. S.
Pratt of the yawl Idler and Captain Gale
went up to Pinole in the sloop Mist on a
hunting cruise at the end of last week
They returned last Sunday loaded with
game. Port Captain J. J. Sherry's new
yawl Gypsie is now in sailing trim. At
a directors' meeting held on August 3 L.
Gale of the sloop Mist was elected a mem
ber
Arthur D. Naylor of the San Francisco
Yacht Club is 'being heartily congratu
lated by all his friends upon his narrow
escape "from drowning at Sausalito last
Sunday. Tils j.luck and presence of mind
alone saved hit; two companions and him
self But he has had enough experience
ir. life-saving to last him for a long time.
Outcalt Declared Insane.
William D. Outcalt was committed to
the asylum for the Insane at Uklah yes
terday. Thursday night Outcalt, who had
recently been released from the asylum,
made a murderous assault on his step
mother, who resides at 1718 Folsom street.
Early In the evening Outcalt went to the
home of his stepmother and told her to
pray as he intended to cut her to pieces.
A police officer was notified and the in
sane man was arrested. He was exam
ined by the Insanity Commissioners yes
terdayand pronounced insane, whereupon
Judge Hebbard made an order commit
ting him tt> the asylum.
CITY CHAMPIONS
TO ROW ON
THE COLUMBIA.
The regatta committee of the Pacific
Amateur Athletic Association is mani
festing a disposition to wash its hands
of the arrangements made for crews and
single scullers from San Francisco to
take part in the Astoria regatta, on the
ground that it received no jfneial com
munication from the Astoria committee.
It is true that the first communication
from Astoria was addressed to J. R. Bock
man of the Ariel Club, care of The Call,
but that was merely because his name
and club happened to be known to the
secretary of the Astoria committee. The
regatta committee here at once met, took
the letter under consideration, and gave
S. J. Pembroke full power to act in the
matter. The desire on the part of come
members of the regatta committee here
to evade official responsibility for the
representatives of San Francisco clubs
Is caused by the presence of R. McAr
thur in the South End "Midget" crew.
According to the rules of the Amateur
Athletic Union R. McArthur is tainted
with professionalism; he is also unreg
istered. Thus the Alameda senior barge
crew run the risk of being regarded as
professionals by entering a contest in
which McArthur takes part. It is con
tended by some mat McArthur is un
registered because he has not applied
for registration. The reply to this is that
he has not applied because it is certain
that his application would be refused. It
las also been suggested that the Astoria
rcjratta will be under the auspices of the
National Rowing Association, of which
the Alameda Boat Club is a member, and
that amateurs may row an exhibition
race, ii. which the prize is a trophy,
against professionals, without forfeiting
their amateur standing. At any rate, the
fat is in the tire now. and may produce
a conflagration. Some of the oarsmen
are already restive under the strict legis
lation of the Amateur Athletic Union,
a-ul an attempt to coerce them may drive
them out of it altogether.
The "Midgets" have been out every
night, and, at the time of their race at
Astoria, will have had nearly three
weeks' practice. Gus Carson and George
Kates weigh about 165 pounds each, R.
McArthur about 14S, and F. Duplissea
about 145. This puts two heavy men on
the bow side and the two light men on
the stroke side — an arrangement which
may do in a barge but would be impos
sible in a racing four. W. Thomas will
go as a coach and trainer, and George
McOrill as cockswain. The barge leaves
by steamer to-day; the crews will follow
later by train. Dr. C. C. Dennis Is prac
ticing dally, and will use a skiff belong
ing to the Alamedas. T. Barry may
go to Astoria on a visit, and President
J. D. Mahoney may also attend the re
gatta. As A. W. Pape of the Dolphins
is going to Astoria, he will have an op
portunity to try himself against Dr. Den
nis.
At a special meeting recently held by
the South Ends it was decided to give
an entertainment in Union-square Hall
on November 1 to raise funds to com
plete the handball court. W. C. Crook
a weight-thrower, and Victor Koster, an
oarsman, were initiated at the meeting.
To-morrow the Junior crews to take part
in the championship regatta will be or
ganized.
E. B. Hadcock (bow), A. C. Webb (No.
3) and E. V. Hansen (cockswain) of the
Alameda crew, with their barge, leave
to-day for Astoria; W. G. Hansen (No 2)
and F, W. Ayers (stroke) will go up by
train. George Miller may go as trainer,
and possibly S. J. Pembroke as coach
At a meeting of the Alameda Boat Club
on Tuesday A. C. Bruckmann and A
Oleander were elected members. Free
discussion of all matters of interest to
the club being encouraged, the meetings
are largely attended, and it has b*en de
termined to light the club house by elec
tricity, or to put in an acetylene gas
plant.
On Sunday two barge crews went out
from the Artel club-house the first being
made up of E. McDonough, bow; A Car
roll. No. 2; D. Sheehan, No. 3; 11. Pless
stroke, and Roy West, cockswain; and
the second crew of H. I. Caveney. bow;
H. Wilson, No. 2; J. O«Connell, No. 3,
and F. Chappelle, stroke. F. Wilson E
Sternberg and J. F. Ficken went out in
skin's.
WILLIAM D. SMITH DROWNED 1
Accidental Death of a Well Known
Salmon Packer.
Information has been received in this
city that William D. Smith, manager of
the Alaska Packing Association's canner
ies on the Gulf of Georgia, Alaska, was
accidentally drowned recently at, Semiah
moo, Washington. The particulars have
not been learned. Mr. Smith was well
known in this line of business, being a
salmon canner and packer for many
years. His first interests were on the
Columbia River, but he moved to Alaska
and established and managed a cannery
at Chignik.
When the Alaska Packing Association
was formed in 1893 Mr. Smith sold the
cannery to the association, and since 1896
he has been the manager of the canneries
on the Gulf of Georgia. Deceased was
a native of Virginia and about 40 years
Of age. He leaves a widow.
ROD AND GUN
AFFORD
ROYAL SPORT.
Excellent reports of good trout fishing
still arrive from Boca and, and Bert La
Forge, the champion spoon caster of the
Sierras, predicts that fly lishing will be
very good on the Truckee River until the
siiiiw begins to fall.
Anglers who have returned from Eel
River are very profuse in their praises of
the sport that can now be enjoyed near
Grizzly Bluff. They contend that it is
not any trick for a good fly caster to fill
a basket with half-pound trout (steel
heads) in one hour.
L. J. Chase is at present camped at
Willets, in Mendocino County. He will
remain in the redwoods lor three weeks
and enjoy himself hunting and fishing.
C. B. Pomeroy and Presoott Ely return
ed last Tuesday from Monterey Bay. The
anglers state that salmon fishing is uuw
first class.
Dr. 11. W. Ilunsacker and wife are en
joying good shooting and fishing at
Skaggs Springs.
P. B. Pindley and J. B. Grimwood left
last Tuesday for Gilmore'3, where trout
fishing can always bo had uuring the sea
son.
A. S. Carman and friend are at present
whipping the Truckee River. Mr. Car
man is one of the champion fly casters of
the coast, and his friends can rest assur
ed of enjoying some of the fruits of his
"daily toil." Carman will miss his twill
brother, Aiansneid.
Billy McCrea left last Wednesday for a
month's vacation at Boca. It goes with
out saying that Billy will assist to de
crease the lish supply of the Truckue
River, especially as he will have an able
assistant in Bert JLa Forge.
F. Haight, the popular salesman of
Golcher, Clabrough & Co., received a very
interesting letter from Dr. F. L. Platt a
few days ago. The doctor A.ated that he
Is enjoying splendid sport on the Navarro
River trout tishinp and that his wife has
kept the camp supplied with venison and
small game.
J. R. D. Grubb and Horace Smith re
cently returned from Deer Park Inn,
Placer County. The gentlemen bagged
one line deer and report having seen large
flocks of. young grouse and mountain
quail. Angling in the Five Lakes is said
to be first class. The trout average well
In size.
The death of Cantain George Cum
ming has culled from the angling frater
nity of this city "the noblest Roman of
them all." Poor old "Cap" was a favor
ite with young and old, and his many
tales of adventure on land and water will
not soon be forgotten by the lovers of
shooting and fishing. The captain was
truly a grand old man, and" what pleas
ure he enjoyed In relating on the banks
of some favorite salmon or trout stream
the incidents connected with his many
time trips around the Horn— i. c., when
he was captain of the good ship Three
Brothers. He died a painless death, but
before departing- from this life he
wrapped himself up in the American col
ors, having had a presentiment that his
line was run out and death was near.
Charley Precht, whose wrist was bro
ken a few days ago by a fall from a high
bank near Glen Ellen, is rapidly recover
ing the use of his arm. His physician re
ports that he had never experienced a
case where broken bones had knit so rap- .
idly. Precht says that if he can have
good use of the injured member when the
quail season opens he will feel as happy
as a big sunflower.
There are many sportsmen in this State
who contemplate a hunting trip into Ore
gon and Washington when the game sea
son opens, but as there is some misunder
standing regarding the open seasons the
following table will set pheasant shooters
right. Game Warden MeGuire of Port
land, Or., has kindly furnished the sport
ing editor of The Call with the correct
dates of the game seasons: In Oregon
the open season for game and fish begins
as follows:
Upland birds from September 1 to ue
cember 1.
Market on upland birds, October lo to
November 15.
Elk, moose, deer and mountain siiecp,
August 1 to December 1.
Trout, April l to November I.
Duck, geese and swan, September 1 to
March 15.
In Washington the open season begiua
as follows:
Upland birds, August 15 to December a.
Mongolian pheasants are protected until
the 15th day of October, 1900.
Quail may be killed in counties lying
westward of the eastern boundary of the
counties of Whatcom, Ska.erit, Snohomish,
King, Pierce. Lewis and Skamania, be
tween the 15th of October and December 1
of each year.
Ducks, geese, swan, August 15 to Jan
uary 1.
Deer, September 1 to December 1; four
only allowed to be killed by one person.
Hunting for hides prohibited.
Moose, elk. mountain sheep and goats,
September 1 to November 1; two only al
lowed to be killed by one person.
Tmut, April 1 to November 1.
Game birds, ducks, deer, etc., may be
sold from the markets only from October
1 to November 1 of each year.
The Lincoln Gun Club is making great
preparations for its final shoot of the sea
son on August 21. The cash prizes will
amount to $150, divided into live parts.
A large entry is expected for the grand
open-to-all shoot.
Local anglers who are desirous of catch
ing Mack bass of first quality should visit
the Salt Spring Valley reservoir, distant
about thirty miles from Stockton. Dr. A.
Wallace of this city and a friend caught
one hundred bass recently, the average
weight being one and a half pounds. Of
the many devices they tried they had
their best luck with flies, the best killers
being the Lake Queen and Royal Coach
man. Three years ago the reservoir was
stocked with 5000 bass, which fishes when
fry were taken from Russian River by the
State Fish Commissioners. There are
two boats on the pond, which Is not pre-
Berved. Any angler who can make the
trip can count upon royal sport.
In the Divorce Courts.
Ella Warren has been granted a divorce
from William P. Warren on the ground
of desertion. Louise Muller was granted
a divorce from Frank Muller yesterday
on the ground of desertion. Nettie Phil
lips has been granted a divorce from Sam
uel A. Phillips on the grotind of extreme
cruelty. Suits for divorce on the ground
of cruelty have been filed by Mary Ryan
against William Ryan and Jerome k*
den against Nellie E. Madden.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. < Organs of
the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or
indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strength through his new
and original system of treatment.
It 3 ' I*' 8' I ' X X cured by his new method,
without knife, truss or detention from
work, a painless, sure and permanent '
cure. V.-IRM'OrKLK, hydrocele.
swelling and tenderness of the glands
treated witii unfailing success. Conta.
prioiio 1>!o«m1 poiK'Mt in any of its
stages thoroughly eradicated from the
system. l«:>«lies will receive special
attention for '1 their many ailments.
WRITE if you cannot call. No charge
for advice by mail. He will also send
you a valuable book, "Guide to Health,"
free of charge. Address F. L.
SWEANY, M. D.. 737 Market street. San
Francisco, Cal.
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK.
MOXSTER OPEN STAKE.
88 Dogs! Magnificent Entry 88 Dogs!
BIG MONEY! STRONO BARES!
THE MEETING OF MONTHS.
SATURDAY, 12:30 SUNDAY, 10:30.ACCUSE THEIR
RELATIVE OF
ASSASSINATION
J. Delegado Charged
With Crime.
POLICE LOOKING FOR HIM
MHO* A. SCRAFFINO. HIS RELA
TION. AND ESCAPED.
'-'"■ quel to the Fierce Fight for
the Body of the Dead Flab
ex man on Thursday
Night.
:Jf»e Dcl^pado, a brother-in-law to An
t<A'Ao' -SeriifMrro, the Italian ftshcrman Who
iwisi.iiuicd. on Fisherman's wharf Thurs
day"-.'night, is missing, and the relatives
pC,fhp..<iead man charge him with bt-ing
' U'Kiu. hist socn tho accused was h^ad
:lrfc .■toward Berkeley in a crab boat be
lfyigfnk'to*Joe Tercsi. a barber living at
ft» .-Cattery Ftrcet, which he had stolen
•■fi-.oni.'.fhft-far end of the wharf during the
i.i^ti.ife-s.t-nzpple for the possession of his
y-Jotifflfsbody,
• .IBs fact -was conclusively proven yes
it'orday.'" A friend of Teresi's saw a man
.rtacjnWfpK Dekgadu leave the moorings
■ B.t'. ; *t JaU- hour in a small boat. Tere.si
•interidt'jl going;, on a fishing excursion, and
was'muc-h'' disappointed to find his boat
g^rie. .All that reminded him of it was the
•rtopfK-Ttiiat held it v the wharf. The
tudnt^f' had; been cut Id the hasty flight,
ariit-tha treavy iron that was used as an
!.-•< h' : r yc&a missing.
Thici-Delogado did the shooting Is be
lirvj&d by every one familiar with the
caSe.'' The" brothers of the dead man
■ <\->U\y.- yl.iirpc him with the crime, a^id
-.the. police Kra in possession of his photo
■ vrapiiand we now out searching for him.
i'A *1< Hr.rip.tloji of him has been telegraphed
.fa.roui.-il.ttie State, and it may be a matter
' i«f- cinJy a few days when he v.* i l l be cap
": .fJr«-d;.'.The bout ho used in his ilitriit is a
' . blXtithrfcot crab boat, with a diamond
shaptvl lujltom, painted brown.
.■•. ■• • Gv'nio' Lnilton. the young Italian boy
/9'hu saw '.LVlegado leave the wharf Imme
'. diatjel y alter the shots were lired. in
fprniecr the police that ho was close by
::-At the.- ftriie arid beard tho men quarrel
. th^;. "'-3-re paid Dtlegado was unJt-r the
f w.ha'rf .tiicUig his boat for the night, and
| Srra/liri.3. was parsing. Everything was
iQiftlrft :uj->: uj-> to' that time, but Delegudo sec
i-lng-.-Scrallino-comiiiß began to curse and
•.talk .rOiidjy to himself. As Scratlino
' pemvil 'him- he launched forth into a ti
rad*.-*pf' abuse against Scrallino and his
fCMir brothers;-.
The"- lat-ier and asked him why
h-e always i spoke saying h<? or his
brothers had done nothing to Delegado.
• DelefCadb whert-upon replied, "You wait
■. until. I set on the wharf and I will tell
yo.u'.why;"- With that he climbed up the
side and 'fame toward Scrafflno. The lat
;tef backed away, 'as Delepado came near
him. -Wltfi.* something bright in his hands.
'. ;L>«i]eg\i<io. then ru.--hed forward and the
• .meh-.cllh'ched. but us soon as B rafflno
. sa\y -the;. latter was armed he told him he |
!. -.had th.e'Yrjd vantage. I>e!eg-ado then said
B* .■would- "wait on the - barf until his
'.'t;k'?mx •feiurned with a pistol and would I
". fTphv .'• :hini.' • Almost Immediately he i
.'cfui:.vgi-.d..};js mind and fired, and Scraffino !
fell. It .'is-' thought that when the mur- I
•■ dere r.'-.t aij up the street toward the end
■• : ".-Qf/-ipe .seawall warehouse, seeing no one
.f<Slowin£,"he passed around it and re
.: t'racM- -His steps, and while the relatives
■••■.\i-.-r>" : : irghting'the officers for the posses
...eton' of- the body, waited his chance and
.-• .passed -over the spot where hi 3 victim ■
■ '. had.;- . around to the opening through
•:-;>VM.lchJ -tho fishing smacks pass on their
... wAy ..iri • and ■ out. He then climbed down
••; th-e..ja.«!d.:-r. 'ar.d-got in Terc-si's small boat
■:arf(J £h'.UK escapeo.
. . :: A't'H-.he-.deaci man's hoi 6 Greenwich
■••B.trec/t,, a.ll is"Vad and gloomy. But two
'. :wT'ipk.s.- b.ef ore the young couple celebrated
••'tneir nuptials, but the house of joy is
•■jino-w -turned into one of mourning. The
.";' young. rnAn's mother, gray haired and
' '.a.gE'A.-'ir.c-ved from room to room, refus- !
t' .irSg.-.tiJ -be romfortcd and crifd for her
.. :,b:6y. ".- : In another room the wife of the
,-maraereq man sat moaning and broken
; hea.rt-.etl, while the sister of tho dead man
.• -and -wife of Deleg-ado sat with a sad ex
. • pressidn. -:on her. face, wholly unmindful
. of ..wliuf. was -passing around her. De
.■.:.seTted -with her two babes she has gone
.to her mother's house to mourn the loss i
SUSPECTED OF A DARK CRIME.
. J : QE DELGADO.
SCHOOL CHILDREN SALUTE THE FLAG.
Old Gloru Floats
Over
Washington Sauare Park
and
North Beach Celebrates,
"I pledge allegiance to my flag and the republic for which It stands. One country, one people, one flap."
So shouted one thousand little ones at Washington Square Tark yesterday as the handsome new flag was
flung: to tlj ■ the vast multitude assembled enthusiastically cheered themselves hoarse for their coun
itJltor, Henry Martin, and every public man whom at that moment they chanced to remember.
Patriotism was at fever heat at the beach, fv>r all the residents had turned out to see the faded and tattered
remnants of the fla«r replaced by thte baadsome ru-v emblem of their eotmtry. The public school children of the
distri ! In the celebration, and to Auditor Broderlck foil the happy t;<sk of raising th«> flag-.
Miss McKerude of the Hancock Grammar School took charge of the literary exercises, that were In perfect
keeping with thi* happy event. School was dismissed a half hour earlier than the usual dosing' time, and at 2:30
p. m. the children marched into the park, each school proudly following its silken banner, There was no delay
m the carrying out of the programme. As a preliminary George Ferrenbacb recited with patriotic fervor "Hats off
to the Flag,'* and just as soon as the applause had died away Auditor Broderlck raised the handsome new 1
As the flag unfurled and the stars and Btrtpes proudly Boated on the breeze there burst forth one wild, long
p.nd then a hush fell upon the multitude as the children, in happy unison, their voices vibrating with love
and devotibi 'he flag. Then came "America" In a shrill, grand chorus, the little ones chant
ing as they marched away; and the Washington Square Park's new flag was raised to its glory.
of her brother and to brood over the act
of her husband.
The four brothers, who were partners
of the dead man. Fat around a table in
th,e kitchen, surrounded by friends who
tried to console them. As they tried to
eat their lirst meal since the shooting
iuld hardly restrain their griff and
every few minutes one of the quartet
it crying.
Through an interpreter it was learned
that Delegado was a moody and morose
man. He was Jealouß of the sue
the Seraffinos, and always thought they
were trying to worst him. On th* last
crab venture ho cursed and fought with
the deceased and his brothers because
he thought they were trying to spoil hi!
catch When asked why they did not
go out and try and find the man they
accuse of being the murderer, they an/
wered that they were too full of grief but
would help In a few days They will
! only be Battened when Delegado is hang
i ing on the gallows. Detective Dillon and
Officer Kills are looking for the latter
and think they know where he is
At the autopsy yesterday it was found
that the bruise on Scrafflno's Up was the
result of a heavy blow, while death was
caused by a 3S caliber bullet which en
tered the head of the deceased at the
hair lino and diverged down into the
brain.
Sold His Friend's Books.
W. B. Lawler, a real estate agent, was
arrested yesterday on a warrant charg
ing him with misdemeanor embezzlement.
He was released on $200 bonds. The com
plaining witness Is T. S. Smith, 2007
Franklin street. Smith used to live in
Lawler's house, 48 Oak street, and when
he left he asked Lawler to oblige him by
keeping. several valuable books in hia
house till he could arrange to take them'
away. When he applied for the books he
could not get them, so ho notified the po-
I lice and Detectives Crockett and Dillon,
; who were detailed on the case, found
them in a store at 1157 Market street,
where Lawler had sold them for $2.
The "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil la
largely talcing the place of fountain pens.*
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 13, 1898.
TO UNWATER
THE COMSTOCK
The Great Project Is
Really Begun.
STARTING POINTS ORDERED
FIRST MEETING OF COMPANY
DIRECTORS.
Bepresentatives of Twenty - Four
Companies Organize and Will
Hear From Superintend
ents Old and New.
The Comstook mining companies yester
day took their first definite and united
action regarding the great project of un
watering tho Comstock mines and re
suming operations below the Comstock
tunnel level.
Twenty-four companies were represent
ed at a meeting held In thn afternoon in
the office of the Consolidated California
and Virginia Company in the Nevada
block. These representatives had been
elected at various meeting of the re
spective boards of directors. The joint
committee organized by electing Charles
EL Fish president and A. Waterman sec
rotary, and by creating an executive
committee consisting of William Barman,
E. P. Barrett, George R. Wells, John
Landers and Charles Hirschfeld.
The committee did the wise and nat
ural thing by taking steps to compile all
the reliable information obtainable con
cerning the actual condition of the
flooded levels of all the mines and the
possibilities of their profitable operation.
To this end the superintendents of all
the mines were ordered to report to the
commuter by September 14 the condition
of the mint's below the Sutro tunnel level
when those levels were abandoned nix
teen years ago. The secretaries of the
different companies were directed to com
pllo all the similar information in the
past reports of superintendents now on
file This getting together all that Is
really known about the flooded depths
will form a starling point and clear the
\v;iy for further action. The action of
the committee was expressed in the fol
lowing resolution adopted unanimously on
motion of Mr. Hirschfeld:
Resolved, Thut the superintendents of the
mines <>f the following named companies, to
wlf Alta Silver Mining Company. Alpha Con
BOtidated Mining and Milling Company, Andes
Silver Mining Company, Belcher Silver Min
ing Company, Beat * Belcl|er Silver Mining
Company BoDJop Mining Company, Caledonia
Silver Mining Company. Challenge Consoli
dated Mining Company, (.'hollar Mining Com
pany, Confidence Silver Mlnlag Company, Con
solidated California and Virginia Mining Com
pany Consolidated Imperial Mining Company,
Consolidated New York Mining Company,
Crown Point Gold and Silver Mining Company,
Exchequer Mining Company, Gould <t Curry
Silver Mining Company, Hale & Norcross Sil
ver Mining Company Justice Mining Com
pany, Mexican GoJd and silver Mining Com
pany, Occidental Consolidate"] Mining Com
pany, Ophir Silver Mining Company, Overman
Silver Mining Company, Potosl Mining Com
pany, Savage Mining Company, Segregated
Uelcher & MMes Consolidated Mining Com
pany. Sierra Nevada Silver Mining: Company,
Silver Hill Mining- Company, Union Consoli
dated Silver Mining Company, Utah Consoli
dated Mining Company and Yellow Jacket Sil
ver Mining Company be, and they are hereby
requested to report In writing to tills commit
tee on or before the 14th day of September,
1898, th.o condition of the mines of the above
named, companies as shown by actual work
below the Sutro tunnel level of said mines,
and also whether any bodies of ore or indica
tions of bodies of ore exist below said level,
and also as to the advisability of pumping out
the water from said mines and the resumption
of mining below said level: and It is further
Resolved, That the secretaries of Bald com
panies be requested forthwith to make copies
of so much of the reports of the superintend
ents of said companies since the year 18S2 as
refer to the workings of said mines below said
level, and deliver the same to said superin
tendents as soon as possible, so that said su
perintendents may know from the official re
ports the condition of said mines below said
; level.
The following' were the companies rep
resented at the meeting': Alta, John
Landers; Alphn, Charles Hlrschfeld;
Belcher. James Newlands: Host & Holch
er, Qeorre R. Welle; Bullion, Messrs.
Cole and Barman; Challenge. Jamefl New
lands: Chollar. M&ssrs. Goodwin and Har
ry; New York, Charlefl Hlrschfeld; Bx
chequer, Charles Hlrschfeld- Hale & Ifor
crcHs, X. \v. Fox: Justice, A. Vfaterman;
Mexican, Charles H. Fish; Onhlr. Charles
H. Fish; Potosl, Messrs. Goodwin and
Cole: Savage, G. R. Wells; Segregated
Belcher, A. Anderson; Sierra Nevada,
Charles Hlrschfeld and E. P. Barrett;
Union Consolidated. Charles H. Fish;
Vt;ih. Messrs. Wollberg and Stauf; Crown
Point, Charles L. McCoy; Consolid-i^-il
California and Virginia, Charles H. Fish.
Mr. Deal, of Deal, Tauszky & Wells,
attorney for some of the companion, was
present. Messrs. Kaufman and Barrett
represented the San Francisco Stock
Exchange, and J. Hlrschberg the Pacific
Stock Exchange.
This immense project, upon which all
hopes of tho restoration of the greatness
and glory of the world's most famous
mining camp now chiefly rest, was thus
yesterday advanced beyond the stage
of mere talk. Tho problem has been def
initely attacked, and there is plenty of
ground for the faith that the scheme
will not end in reports and resolutions,
but that the riches abandoned a half mile
below the surface when the stock gam
blers demanded immediate dividends will
again bo uncovered and set old Virginia
City to humming once more.
Town Talk.
A Boclety woman who will go upon the
stage this winter is shown on Town
Talk's title page this week, the number
being especially devoted to the dramatic
profession. It Is profusely Illustrated and
there Is a condensed dramatic novelette,
In which the Characters, though veiled,
are readily recognizea. The Baunterer
1b particularly breezy this week, with a
lot of news about people we know, and
the editorials will interest gubernatorial
candidates and politicians In general.
Graphologist delineates characters of
stage favorites. •
Hugged the Ladies.
C. B. Smith, a mechanic, imbibed too
much liquor Thursday night and amused
himself on Market street by throwing his
arms around every woman he met and
attempting to kiss her. He w4s arrested
on the charge of assault, and yesterday
morning when he appeared in Judge
Joacbimseft'a court he was very penitent
and begged for mercy. He waa convicted
and ordered to appear for sentence this
morning.
He Used the Whip.
William Jones, an old blind mendicant,
ran amuck on Market street yesterday
afternoon. Jones was armed with a
Whip, and after doing a war dance, he
ran down the strict, striking a number
of women who happened to get in his
way. He was arrested and sent to the
Almshouse.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush, Larkln sts. ; swimming. Russian, hot and
cold tub baths; salt water direct from ocean.
EXTENSION OF CAB LINES.
San Bruno to Have a Much-Needed
Electric Line.
Chief Constructor H. H. Lynch, of the
Market-street Railway system, is pushing
the work on Eighth street with all possi
ble speed. The relaying of the track on
this thoroughfare preparatory to fitting
it out for an electric line instead of the
old horse car service will extend from
Market to Bryant street, where it will
connect with the cars of that line to
Sixteenth street and those of the Eigh
teenth street (formerly Solano) to Ken
tucky, the Potrero and South San Fran
cisco.
The railroad company will pave its por
tion of Eighth street from Market to
Folsom with bitumen, thus making trie
street conform to the pavement now lam
by the city. From Folsom to Bryant
basalt blocks will be laid between the
company's trucks.
As soon as the Eighth-street line is fin
ished Constructor Lynch will start his
men on the extension of the Folsom-street
line from its present t-rminus at I recita
avenue, and along that avenue to Army
street until San Bruno avenue is met,
when the line will be extended along that
thoroughfare as far as the Five Mile
House, or where the present horse car
line now stops.
The next extension in contemplation by
the Market-street system is that of utiliz
ing the Sixth-street franchise. To this
end the company proposes to run an elec
tric line along Sixth street, crossing Mar
ket and running north a* far as Post,
whore it will turn east until Montgomery
is met, when it will turn into that street
and follow the route now. traversed by
the bobtail ghost. Another line in con
templation by the company is a sidetra-k
from Mission ptreoi opposite St. Marys
College running north to the proposed site
ci' U\o new "monkey ranch" in Whirlwind
Gulch. Application tor a franchise for
this branch is now before the Board nf
Supervisors, as is also one for a short
line from the Killmore street terminus at
i - north end to the Presidio along Jeffer
son street.
A New Policeman.
Arthur T. McQualde, a clerk, £3 years of
age and a native of title city, was yester
day sworn Jn as a police officer.
Lost His Life Saving Others.
A country boy visiting New Tork stopped a
frantic runaway team that was abnut to dash
on the sidewalk where there wen hundreds of
women anil children. He saved their Jives, but
lost his own. Hundreds of lives are saved every
year by Hostetter's Stomach Hitters. People
who are fact going to their graves with dlsotp
ilers of stomach, lirer, bowels and blood are
brought back to good health by it. All the
sick should try u^
fTw^J Jand TUT^OR
\\ES®BS&ih*^ HOSPITAL
J J MS»W^ NO KNIFE or PAIN
No Pay — l! Cured
_ljHHßS^^^^^^^ Any lump In a woman's
bre»pt la cancer. Tho pol-
ij]i«^i?{!iL>i?«i^i^'fai'ij ion quickly goes to arm-
«^^l3|^3^<l'^J»« >^ p'-t. If largo It 1b too late.
-JraS- " " t> :.^^b> Men's face and lip a com-
J£rf*Z*ii2£!&ri?3&P, | mon place. sent free
MrsjhC^Sagß&l'^JfJi I Bnl'At.F. Boos sent free
S VLB mL. J** * %iHthli:indrtggofaddre»g«»
ig^J^y u\ft^ *r ofhoneet cures. No FHit*n.
S. R.CKAMLEY, M. D., 17 & ITThird St., H'H Market St.
SENDTOSOME ONE WITH CANCER
Chartered 1818.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS j
OF THE ■
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BOSTON. IN THE STATE OF MASS A-
chusetts, on the 31st day o£ Decem-
ber, A. D. '. ■ ■>:. and for the year end i on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis- i
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capita! stock, paid up in
cash $300,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $525,23150
Amount of loans secured by pledge of
bonds, stocks and other marketable
securities as collateral 15.000 00
Cash in company's office 2.222 82
Cash in banks 37,471 56
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 2,367 83
Premiums in due course of collection 41.96S 40
Total assets $624,262 13
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $9.456 53
Losecs in process of adjustment or
In suspense 22,961
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $150,762 31;
reinsurance 50 per cent 75,331 16
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $101,763 03;
reinsurance pro rata 46,010 15
Pup and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 2,25170 i
All other demands apralnst the com-
pany 16,559 71
Total liabilities $172,650 32
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $167,422 49
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources -.. 22,748 00
Total Income $190,170 49
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (in-
cluding 126,884 28. losses of previous
years) $<5,957 46
Dividends to stockholders 000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage • 31,56^.48
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 20,600 75
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 6.621 32
All other payments and expenditures 12,541 97
Total expenditures $179. 98
Fire,
Losses Incurred during the year $91.463 00
Risks and Premiums, Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net mount of risks
written during the year $22,071,177 $236,609 GO
Set amount of risks ex- 23,631.597 258,932 64
pired during the year.. 23,631.597 258,932 64
Net amount In force De- 22. 522.311 2;'.2.525 94
cember 31. 1897 22;522.3U 252.525 94
~~~ ~ FRANCIS PBABODT, President.
HENRY B. BEAN, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th
day of January, 1898.
GEO. M. AMERIGE, Notary Public.
BAGGS & STOVEL,
General Agents for the Pacific Coast,
411 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
i,. Full Set of Teeth
" NtVW Qr /"iFyfp. extracting free $500 tip
#^*wUWT ( jS5>'^ Gold Crowns 22k $3 50 up
«$y £ -~ : ir JSIS^V Fillings - - - 25 cts. up
« SSswSPa. <i Open Evenings & Sundays
e-^T^aS^Ce VAN VROOM
_/TO'\ttV\"' Electro Dental Parlors
**» -lA^s 'Sixth and Market
°W V Dr. G W. Klelser, Prop.
DR.MCNULTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
L Speclallstcurft»Prlvato.Nervous,BloodandBltln
Diseases of Men only. Book on Private Diseases
and Weaknessesof Men.free. Over2o years' experi-
ence. Patients curediitHome. Terms reasonable.
Hoar*9toXd&lly;A:3otoa:3oev'gs. Sundays. 10 to li
Consultation aacredly luivute. Call, or address
Dr. P. HOSCOE McXILTY,
2GJ£ Kearay »t., San Francisco, Cal.
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S g^'
j&|a Huseurn of Anatomy
lP3ni& :cEI - tot - * 4 7th ' S - - OaL 1
W |*i the Urgent of 1«» kind in tInTE-oild.
\^ml\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
RvnSvF EL Consultation free. WHia fbr Boo*
#.; I of ' Marriage. l
a v MAILED mcc. 1
ADVERTISEMENTS. _-.-_--
ABSOLUTE i SECIjRITYr
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of Brent Good,
PRINTED CN RED PAPER.
Very small and as easy
to take as sugar.
SEE frwrpS^ FORHEADACHL SEE
UAm LltO FOR DIZZINESS.
,]lTnir, ]ITnir SPITTIE FOR BILIOUSNESS. rrmiulP
GENUINE HIVER FOR torpid LIVER. GENUINE
i pit Y§ FOR CONSTIPATIOK.
WRAPPFR JB__Ji ' for sallow skim. WRAPPER
nKAITEK 188888 1 FOR THE COMPLEXION ?TIIArrLII
_ . | <»JEJWI?<nS MUST HAY NATURt.
25 Cents I Purely Vegeta^le.x^^^s^rtS
— — -
W. X. HESS, NE W WESTERN HOTEL,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW, ! K^oS a^ren^el^ll^. w£rdTJ
Tenth Floor Room 1015, Claus Spreckela Bldg. CO. European plan. Rooms 60c to $1 60 day.
'Telephone Brown 931. ' $6 to US week. $8 to $30 month. Free biths; hot
Residence ill California St.. below Powell. *nd cold water every room; fire grate* la every
San Francisco. I room; elevator run. all night.
PROCLAMATION.
1 BTATE OP 1 CALIFORNIA.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
SACRAMENTO. July 30th, IS9S.
. WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California, at Its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January. A. D. 1897
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
Btate of California, to-wit:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California, an amendment to sec"" 11
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, in relation to revenue and taxation, by
which it is proposed to amend said section to .
read as follows: . ,„
Section Is. No county, city. town, township,
board of education, or school district shall In-
cur any indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding in any year
the income . and revenue provided for It ior
such year, without the assent of two-tmras
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be made tor me
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
I the interest on such . indebtedness as It falls
due, and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal tnereoi i
j on or before maturity, which shall not exc fa
forty years from the time of contracting tne
same: provided, however, that the City ana I
! County of San Francisco may at any time pay ,
the unpaid claims with Interest thereon for \
materials furnished to and work done for said |
| city and county during the forty-third ana
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income ana ,
I revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro- j
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or ;
for any material furnished for any street, lane. i
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con- I
struction of any sewer or sewers in said city ;
and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of this section; and in determining any ;
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply in any man- ;
ncr; and provided further, that the City of \
i Vallejo. In Solano County, may pay its exist- :
| Ing indebtedness Incurred in the construction .
i of its waterworks, whenever two-thirds of tne i
I electors thereof voting at on election held for
i that purpose, shall so decide. Any indebted-
ness or liability Incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
shall be void.
-'t AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
'-k 10.)
A resolution proposing to the ' people of the
Btate of California an amendment to the Con- <■
i stitution of the State, by adding a new seo-
tion, to be known and designated as section
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the inhabitants or
counties, of local county government acts ror
their own government. The said proposed new
; section to read as follows:
Section 7H- The inhabitants of any county ■
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here- i
inafter specified, and consistent with, and sub- I
: Ject to. the Constitution and laws of this State, ,
! by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who j
i have been, for at least five years, qualified
'■ electors of such county, to be elected by the '
: qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
I eral or special election, whose duty It snail be
! within ninety days after such election, to pre- :
pare and propose a county government act for ;
such county, which shall be signed in dupli- |
' cate by the members of such board, or a ma- ;
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
■ tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county. Such proposed county government act
i shall then be published in two papers of gen-
i eral circulation in such county, or if there be
' not two such papers, then in one only, lor at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication it shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county at a general or special election, ana li
a majority of such qualified electors voting ;
• thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there- i
i after be submitted to the Legislature for Its
' rejection or approval, as a whole, without ;
I power of alteration or amendment, and if ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it shall be the county govern- j
ment act of such county, and shall in such ;
case become the organic law thereof and super- '
'' sede any existing county government act, and i
all amendments thereof, and all special laws ■
inconsistent with such county government act.
A cony of such county government act, certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
i visors 'or other legislative body of such county, j
and authenticated by the seal of such county.
setting forth the submission of such county i
government act to the electors, and its ratifica- I
tion by them, shall be made In duplicate and I
deDosited one in the office of the Secretary of i
State the other, after being recorded in the
office' of the recorder of deeds in the county,
among the archives of the county.
All courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
Tho county government act so ratified may be
amended at intervals of not less than two
years by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
Qualified electors thereof, at a general or
special election held at least forty days after
the publication of such proposals for twenty
Java In a newspaper of general circulation in
such county, and ratified by at least three-
fifths of the qualified electors voting thereon,
and approved by the Legislature as herein pro-
vided for th* approval of the county govern-
ment act In submitting any such county gov-
ernment act any alternative article or proposi-
tion may be presented for the choice of the
Voters, and may be voted on separately with-
out prejudice to others.
It shall be competent in all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section to provide for the manner in
which the times at which, and the terms for
which' tho several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed; for their compensa-
tion 1 for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that eaoh officer shall have,
and for the compensation payable to each of
such deputies, for the manner in which, the
times in which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
elected or appointed; and for the constitution,
regulation, compensation and government of
such boards, and. of their clerks and attaches;
also to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted- and may in addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate in any primary election.
Whenever any county has, in the manner ana
method herein pointed out. adopted any county,
rovernment act. and the same shall have been
approved by the Legislature as aforesaid, th*
directions of sections four and five of this
article providing for the uniformity of a
BV"tem of county governments throughout the
State and likewise providing for the election
and appointment of officers, and the regula-
tion of their compensation, shall not apply.
Raid county government act shall, as to any of
the matters herelnsbove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act. not be
eubiect to any law or amendment enacted by
the Legislature, except by amendment first
: submitted to the electors and ratified In the
manner heretnabove set forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
44.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
Btate of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by. adding a now section,
to be known and designated as section five and
one-half article six, thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows:
Section 6%. The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judtres of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. Th« Court
of Claims shall have exclusive jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims of every kind
and character against the State, under such
Jaws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
Its Judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
of i the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
lows: • -
In the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March;
:In the City and County of San Francisco,
commencing on the second Monday in July,
and C -'■ ■ ■ ■-■ ' > •'' - . '
In tba City o£ . Sacxamanto. . cammgnclng an ,
-.: v. ' - - • ■ . : ■. - ■ -.■:..- .... - i*. r . '• ■ :--••
the second Monday of November of each yea*
The Judges holding such tsrm of court shall
receive no extra ■ compensation therefor, but
shall receive their actual expenses, to be paid
out of the general fund of the State treasury.
The Legislature shall enact all laws necessary
to organize such court, to provide the pro-
cedure thereof and to carry out the provisions
of this «ectlon.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
A resolution to propose to the people of th*
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, amending article eleven,
by adding a new section thereto, to be known
; as section number five and one-half, relating ta
j consolidated city and county governments. Th*
: said proposed new section to read as follows:
Section EH- The provisions of sections four
and five of this article shall not. nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
have become, or shall become, organized under
section seven, or secure a charter under section
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36.)
A resolution to propose to the people of th*
I State of California., an amendment of section
i fifteen and section sixteen of article five of the
i Constitution of the State of California, by
| which it is proposed to amend said sections to
: read as follows:
Section IS. A Lieutenant Governor shall b*
i elected at the same time and place and In tb*
same manner as the Governor, and his term of
I office and his qualifications shall be the same.
| He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
1 snly have a casting vote therein.
Section 16. In case of the impeachment of
| the Governor, or his removal from office, death.
I Inability to discharge the powers and duties
I of his office, resignation, or absence from th*
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
i devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for th*
i residue of the term, or until the disability
■ shall cease. And should the Lieutenant Gover-
I nor be impeached, displaced, resign, die, or
| become Incapable of performing the duties of
his office, or be absent from the State, th*
| president pro tempore of the Senate shall act
i as Governor until the vacancy In the office of
I Governor shall be filled at the next genera!
election when members of the Legislature shall
be chosen, or until such disability of the Lieu-
tenant Governor shall cease. In case of a va-
cancy In the office of Governor for any of th*
reasons above named, and neither the Lieu-
tenant Governor nor the president pro temper*
Of the Senate shall succeed to the powers and
duties of Governor, then the powers and duties
of such office shall devolve upon the Speaker
' of the Assembly, until the office of Governor
shall be filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38).
A resolution to propose to the people of th*
! State of California an amendment to Seotlon
! six. Article nine of the Constitution of the Staia
of California, relating to grammar schools by
which it Is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 8. The public school system shall In-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools.'
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support if
primary and grammar scnools. Grammar
schools shall include schools organized in »
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand inhabitants. In
which a course of study shall be taught which,
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
mining or scientific department of the Uni-
versity of California. -'.:.>;
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 84).
A resolution to propose to the people of tn*
State of California an amendment to Section
two of Article four of the Constitution, in rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which it
Is proposed to amend said section to read a*
follows:
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian oa
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
In the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
tarnation. The Legislature shall then remain
In session for twenty-five days, after which It
" must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fail to agre*
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall ba
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling, the Legislature shall complete lta
session No pay shall be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventy-five days, and
no bill shall be introduced in either house ex-:
cept at th» first twenty-five days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of tha
members thereof.
NOW, THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of th*
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of tha
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval," approved March 7. A. D. 18SS.
the above-described proposed amendments are
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of th*
State, at tha election to be held throughout
this State on
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 8, A. D. IS9S. '
The said proposed amendments are to be sep- 1
arately voted upon tn manner and form as fol-
lows : B
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon the voter may express hi*
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One. being Senate '
Constitutional Amendment No. 41
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of Ban Fnanclsco. and
the existing Indebtedness of the City Tea)
of Vallejo for the construction of its- ..
water works from the provisions of K»
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the Income and reve-
nues of the year in which they were
incurred).
For the Amendment?. (l
Amendment Number Two. being Senate '
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 Yea
(providing for framing local county J - ■
government acts by inhabitants of/ No
counties for their government). 1
For the Amendment? • (I
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- fi
ate Constitutional Amendment No.
44 (providing for the creation of a
Court of Claims to determine claims Ye«
against the State, and to consist of' — --2
three Superior Judges designated by N.%
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation).
For the Amendment? ■•' ■ !
Amendment Number Four, being As- ,
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37 (exempting consolidated cities Ye#
and counties, organized or to be op- — —
ganlzed, or holding a charter un- Na
der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation in relation to counties).
For the Amendment? [}
Amendment Number Five, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36 (relating to office of Governor, Ye«
providing for succession thereto in .
certain cases and removing dlsabilty' N«
of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office during term).
For the Amendment? '
Amendment Number Six, being; Assem- '
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 33 Ye»
(relating to and defining Grammar-
Schools). No,'
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Seven, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 84 (providing for adjournment of Yea
Legislature for not less than thirty- . ..
nor more than sixty days during each No,
session). >
For the Amendment? , (;
Witness my hand and the Great Seal of th*
State of California, the day and year herein.
first above written.
JAMES H. BL'DD, Governor.
Attest: L. B. BliQwjjf ggccetaiy or Btftt*«
. ISEAL.J .- . " - : —
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET.
Silver advanced.
Wheat doing better again.
Barley and Oats quiet.
Corn weakening. Rye dull.
Hay and Feedstuffs unchanged.
Beans about the same.
Potatoes and Onions quiet. Tomatoes scarce.
Cutter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Poultry in fair shape.
Fruit being shipped back to the growers.
New dried Pears now quoted.
New dried Peaches advanced.
Provisions unchanged.
Hogs declined again.
Increased exports of Quicksilver.
QUICKSILVER TRADE.
The receipts of Quicksilver at this port dur
ing the first seven months of the year wera
'i.-ks, against SSSI for the same time In
1897 The exports by sea were 3572 Masks, val
ued at $140,266, against 3072 flasks at $110,139 In
1897.
CANNED FRUIT SCARCE IN ENGLAND.
The consumptive demand for salmon is well
maintained, but there Is not a very large in
quiry from Imp liters, fays the London Grocers'
:■• I'rices are firm. Fruits are getting
Into a very small compass Indeed, and the mar
ket keeps advancing. The Marlborough Hill.
the only vessel on the way. is overdue, and, if
she Joes not make her appearance soon there
will be greater scarcity than any experienced
for many years. Her non-appearance would
mean that the market would have to depend
upon overland supplies.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 12. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau atattons
la California^
Eureka, 58; Red Bluff. 110: Sacramento, 106;
Fresno, U0; San Luis Obispo. 9S; Indepen
don.-e. JK; Los Angeles. 96; San Diego, 82;
Yuma, 104.
Francisco temperature: Maximum, 66;
minimum, r.t>; mean. 61.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS:
There is an area of high pressure oft the
Washington and Oregon coast and another over
North lJak->ta. The lowest pressure is report
: i Southeastern California. The barom
eter has fallen slightly over the northern half
Pacific Slope and risen slightly over the
• m.
The temperature has fallen slightly In the in
terior of California, but still remains from 10
to 20 decrees above the normal.
The weather is partly cloudy and somewhat
threatening in the mountain regions of Call
in I m Nevada and I'tah. Thunder
,:<>> reported from Nevada and Idaho.
it San Francisco fnr thirty
hours ending midnight, August 13, 1898:
Northern California— Partly rk.u.iy Saturday;
F^mewhat threatening !n the mountain regions
In the •■.-\:<t portion; fresh to brisk west wind
■ii California— Fair Saturday; frefch
west wind.
Nevada — Scattered thunderstorms to-night
nnd Saturday.
I'tah— Scattered thunderstorms to-night and
Saturday.
Arizona — Scattered thunderstorms In north-
portion to-night and Satudray.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Saturday; brisk to hicrh west wind.
<\ report from Mount Tamalpals— Hazy;
wind wp<=t. 25 miles; temperature. S9; maximum
temperature, I' 6.
G. 11. WILtLSON, Observer.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NXW YORK, Aug. 12.— There was some con
tinuation to-day of yesterday's selling- to real
ize on the recent sustained advance In stocks.
The bears were much more aggressive and sold
stocks with growing confidence as the day pro
grossed. The advantage at the close was
clearly with the bear contingent, but the bulls
' were by no means routed and continued to ab
sorb their favorite stocks, which resisted the
decline quite firmly, but without overcoming
the general downward tendency. The effects
of last night's flurry in call money were still
perceptible this morning when call loans were
made at 2 per cent. There is nothing which
brings so quick a response in a speculative
market as a stiffening of call money and the
buying of stocks halted this morning. It was
expected that the cash absorbed by the Treas
ury on account of the Government would in
the future be left on deposit with national
banks, but Government deposits with these
banks for some reason have not kept pace
•with the Treasury's absorption on bond ac
count. The money rate eased off during the
day and closed at Hi bid. The bears by that
time were forced to secure other material for
their campaign. The persistent weakness of
Manhattan all day on reports of decreased earn
ings was a factor in their favor. Prices of
stocks hardened very perceptibly during the
middle portion of the day after the fears of
tight money had somewhat subsided. The bulls
took hold of the low priced railroad stocks
and bid up Northern Pacific and Union Pacific
over a point. The bears' final raid In the last
hour was centered on Louisville and Nashville
in connection with the statement of earnings
. for the first week in August, showing a de
crease of over $IS.COO. There was a "private"
• telegram from Chicago In circulation report
ing yellow fever in Texas and Alabama.
Louisville and Nashville dropped 2 points be
• low the highest point. The bears expressed
their apprehension that the Anglo-Rus'.an
crisis would result in forced liquidation in
New York for London account, although Lon
don was a buyer of stocks here early In the
• day. The market reacted all around, some
stocks falling to the lowest, but others show
ing quite a firm tone. There was only a very
feeble rally, however, and the close was near
the low point of the reaction. Net changes
were very irregular, quite a number of the low
priced stocks showing shcrp gains.
There was a marked falling off In the busi
ness In bonds under a yielding tendency of
prices. The Oregon Navigation 4 per cents were
the second in the list of the reorganization
.-4s to touch par, following closely the Northern
Pacific prior liens. Total Bales. $3,730,000.
United States new 4s, registered, and the
old 4s, coupon, declined >4 In the bid price.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 409 410
shares. Including: 8585 Atchison preferred, 1G -
- 825 C. & 0., 17,802 C, B. & Q., 9950 Louisville
and Nashville, 20,855 Manhattan, 4100 Missouri
Pacific, 63,713 Northern Pacific, 7620 Northern
.Pacific preferred, 12,700 Rock Island. 4220 St.
Louis and San Francisco second preferred 15 -
880 Union Pacific, 29,145 St. Paul. 17.250 Union
Pacific preferred, s*oo Tobacco, 12,960 People's
Gas, 14,105 Sugar, 4720 Leather preferred, 13 "99
Rubber. 4426 do preferred, 3925 Western Union.
CLOSING STOCKS
Atchlson 14 St P & Om 83%
Do prefd 35% Do pref d 154
Baltimore & Ohio 16 St P M & M.. .. 161%
Canada Pacific .. 83 So Pacific 21 '
• Canada Southern. 53% So Railway 9%
Central Pacific .. 17 Do profd 33%
Ches & Ohio 24-"* Texas & Pacific.. 12%
Chi & Alton 159 Union Pacific ... 26
Chi B & Q ...114 Do prefd 63V,
Chi & E 111 58% V P D & 0... 4%
C C C 4 St L..,, 44*4 Wabash 7%
Do prefd £6% Do prefd 19%
Del & Hudson... 107% Wheel & L E 1%
Do prefd 51% Do prefd 12%
Del L & \V . 160 Express Companies-
Den & R G .... 13% Adams Ex 103
Do prefd 51% American Ex 132
Erie (new) ...:... 13% United States 41
Do Ist prefd 357 Wells FarKo 119
Fort Wayne 172 Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor prefd 130% A Cot Oil 27%
Hocking Valley... 5 Do prefd 83
Illinois Central .. 108 Amu Spirits 12%
Lake Erie& W.. 15 Do prefd 37%
Do prefd 73 Am Tobacco 130%
. Lake Shore 192 Do prefd 125
I/u!s & Nash... 56 People's Gas 100%
. Manhattan L .... 103% Cons Gas 198%
Met Ft Ry 157% Com Cable C 0.... 170
Mich Central .... IOS^ Col F & Iron 22".
Minn & St L..... 28% Do Drefd 75
Do Ist prefd 89% Gen Electric 40%
Mo Pacific 37% Illinois Steel 60%
Mobile & 0hi0... 27% Laclede Gas 53
Mo X & T....... il% Lead 36
. Do prefd 36 Do prefd 11l
Chi Ind & L 9% Nat Lin Oil ..... 7%
. Do prefd 33 Haw Com Co 24
N J Central 91V; Pacific Mall 32%
N Y. Central 119% Pullman Palace... 188
N V Chi & St L. 13% Sliver Certificates 58%.
Do Ist prefd.... 60 Stand R & T 5%
' Do 2d prefd.... 36 Sufrar 138%
Nor West 15 Do prefd 114%,
No Amor Co 6HT C & Iron 27V*
No Pacific 33% U S Leather 7%
Do prefd 73V. Do prefd 69%
Ontario &XV 15% U S Rubber ..... 42%
Or H & Nay 52% Do profd 99%
Or Short Lino"... 29 West Union 93%
Pittsburgh 168% C & N W 132%
Reading .......... 18 Do prefd 175
Do Ist prefd.... 42% St L, & S W r.%
Rock Island ..... 102 Do prefd 12' A
8t Louis & S F.. 8% R G W 27 "
Do let prefd.... 66 Do prefd 67
DO 2d nrefd.... 31% Chi G W 14%
Et Paul ior.% ; Brooklyn R T.... 63V4
Do prefd 154 I
;..-.• CLOSING BONDS.
V B newt 4s reg.. 128 iN J C Es ;. 114
' Do coup 1284 N Carolina 65.... 125
US <s 112% Do 4s 103%
Do coup 112% No Pac lsts 112
Do 2ds 97 ! Do 3s 05
V S 5s reg 113 | Do 4s 100%
Do 5s coup 113 NYC& St L 4s. 106
District 3.65s .... 116% Nor & W 6s 124
Ala class- A.; 108 Northwstrn cons. 141V4
Do B 108 Do deb 55....... 118
Do C 100 0 Nay 15t5. ....... 112
Do Currency ... 100 0 Nay 4s ICO
Atchlson 4s . Wsi 0 S Line 6s tr.... 127
Do adj 48 72% 0 S Line os tr.... 108
Can So 2ds 110% Pacific os of 95.. 102\4
Chi Term 4s SS% Reading 4s .83%
C & Ohio 55...... 115% |RG W lets 90
C H & D <%«.... 104 I *|St L & I M C ss. 99%
D & R G 15t5..... 110% St L & S F G 6s. 119%
I) & R G 4s 97% St P Con 149
East Term lsts.. 105% St V C & P lsts.. 120
Erie Gen 45...... 74% Do 5s ........... 11714
FW & D lsts tr. '75 Bo Railway K«.... 97%
Gen Elec 55...... 108 Stand R & T 65.. 65%
Gil & S A 65.. 104 jlVnn new set 35.. 92
Po 2ds .......... 105 Hex PLG lets... 10?
H & T C 6s 11l 1 Do Rg 2ds 43
Do con 6s 109 i Union Pac lets... 98%
lowa C lsts 104 0 PD & G lst».. 76
La. new cone 45.. 102 Vi Wab Ist 5s 112
L <& N Unl 45.... 91* Do 2ds - 89\4
Missouri 6s 100 ' W Shore 4s 109
M X & T 2ds 65* Va Centuries .... 74
Do <s 91V4 Do deferred ... BVi
N V Central lsts. 115%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar lßiOntario 3 t>o
Crown Point 07 Ophlr 14
Con Cal & Va.... 26|Plymouth 12
Deadwood S3 Quicksilver 1 *••
Gould & Curry... 10 Do prefd 8 c.O
Hale & Nororoes. 70 Sierra Nevada ... «
Homestake 46 OC Standard 1W
Iron Silver 70 Union Con lj>
Mexican OS Yellow Jacket ... 16
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— • West End ....... 87%
Call loans 2 @3 Do prefd •-•••••• 106
Time loans 2%53 Westlnghouae El. 30£
Stocks— . Do prefd 6'%
A. T & S F. ...... 14 Boston L 66|4
Do prefd 35% E E 111 I B3 ''*
Amer Sugar ISSH Bonds— ■
Do prefd U4Vi Atchlson 4b JSihi.
Bay State Gas... 1% Gen Elec 5s 107
Bell Telephone... 2SI Mining Shares—
Boston & Albany. 240 Allouez Mln Co.. 4H
Boston & Maine.. 165 Atlantic 2. •,
Chi Bur & Q 113% Boston & Mont.. 214 l ,
FltehbLirff 104Vs Butte & Bcmon. 26^
Gen Electric 40 ; > Calumet & Hecla. 580
Do prefd 99 Centennial 17
Illinois Steel 62^ Franklin 14:*
Mexican Central.. 4*» Osceola 54V»
N V & New Ens. S8 Ouincy 116
Old Colony 193 Tamarack 164
Or Short Line... 30 Wolverine 24%
Rubber 42% Old Dominion .... 27
Union Pacific .... 26
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET. *
NEW YORK. Aug. 12.— Money on call easier.
m<@2 per cent; last loan, IV4 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper. 3Vi<s'4Vi per cent. Sterling
exchange firm, with actual business in bank
ers 1 bills at $4 SsMt<s-4 55% for demand, and
$4 84^4 S4H for sixty days. Posted rates.
$4 S4Vi<JH 86, and M *S@4 SSH- Commercial bills,
$4 83. Silver certificates. E8%@69V40. Bar sil
ver. SSUc. Mexican dollars, 46c. Government
bonds heavy. State bonds dull. ' Railroad
bonds easier.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Aupr. 12— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: To-day the
market was quiet and the tone was weaker.
Anglo-Rus^lan-Chinese affairs, though not
taken soriously in the city, are having a de
pressing effect In discouraging confidence of
the public. The feature is the sharp break in
Grand Trunk on the disannolntins half yearly
statement. Prices closed quiet at the lowest
with a heavy fall. Many weak bulls were
shaken out, however, and an ultimate recovery
Is looked for.
Americans were dull on profit taking, closing
above the lowest. Spanish fours were flat,
and were sold from Paris.
CLOSE
Canadian Pacific. 86; Grand Trunk, 7H. Bar
silver steady. 27 7-16 d per ounce. Money, H
per cent.
P.aRIS, Aug. IJ.— Spanish fours closed at
42.90.
LONDON, Aug. 12.— Spanish fours 42V4-
FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, Aug. 12.— Bradstreet's finan
cial review to-morrow will say: Successful
progress In the peace negotiations with Spain,
and reassuring news an to the crops, produced
a further buying movement In the railroad
share list. The activity was on a decidedly
larger scale and the outside public was more of
a factor than for some time pant. London was
a seller here on the advance in the early part
of the week, but the later developments In
cluded not only an Increase of transactions In
Americans, but an increasing Interest in them
by the London public. The speculation ,here
presented many indications that large profes
sional interests had resumed operations on the
bull side, and signs were not lacking in the
closing days of the week that such people were
realizing speculative profits. A slight tempo
rary hardening of call loan rates can not be
said to have had much effect in sentiment in
the street, nor is attention paid to the steadi
ness of exchange and th» postponement of gold
importations for the present at least. The
principal factors were the growing certainty
that the Spaniard would submit to the terms
of peace laid down by our Administration, and
the even more important . Indications that the
spring wheat crop was not damaged and that
there had been much exaggeration In reports
of trie reduction of the corn yield. The repent
rains at the West had done much to dissipate the
unfavorable notions on these matters and the
work was completed by the exceptionally fa
vorable character of the Government crop re
port published on Wednesday, last. The belief
that railroad traffic and earnings of the West
will be on a par with those cf the past year
has. made the granger stocks the feature of
the market. «.""'«».«
Government bonds were strong, though trie
old Issues rec-ded fractionally on realizing, but
the new 3 p«r cent bonds, after a slight J«ac
tlon recovered to 105%. The railroad bond Ist
has "been strong and active, new records having
been made in many issues and especially in
terest has been taken in 4 per cents.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK. Anc. 12.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreat, shows the bank clear-
Ings at 89 cities for the week ended August 11.
with the percentage of increase and decrease
as compared with the corresponding week last
year:
Percentage.
Inc. Doc.
New York '«&!&% M W".
Philadelphia"' 68.449.106 10.9 ....
It Louis • 23 636.063 .... 1.3
Baltimore JS'SJ'Sf "" «i
San Francisco n.^Mh .... 12.1
Cincinnati 1 i > 55i f is; 30
Kansas City MIHJ? > 3 "%'h
New Orleans 5.46?. 785 .... 3.1
Minneapolis 6.979.508 .... 5.6
Detroit 9, ..2 1, 328 2.7 -•••
Cleveland . 6,560.9«4 21.6 ....
Louisville S'lSf-JS •••■- \\
Providence 4,3C5,100 <Z
Milwaukee iss «.• ■•:•
gt pp a ul 3.732.229 205.0 .....
Buffalo :::::::::::::: 039.909 9.2 . ....
Omaha f.,419.280 24.6
Indianapolis 4.996,646 12.7
Columbus, 0 3.C92.500 6.7
Savannah 1.453.5G9 6.1
Denver 2,708,017 9.7 ....
Hartford 1.926.951 .... 17.9
Richmond 2.069.214 46.1 ....
Memphis 1 - MM - 8 3? 9.8
Washington 2.113.fi53 17. ....
Peorla 1,315.637 .... 4.3
Rochester 1.520.183
New Haven 1.27«,468 .... 12.3
Worcester 1,480,058 1.9
Atlanta 974,239 .... 10.9
Salt Lake City 1,411.614 .... 11.5
Springfield. Mans ... 1.254.406 8.2
Fort Worth 1.4C3.69J 17.0
Portland, Me 1,283.940 .... 2.2
Portland, Or 1.857.367 . 46.5
St. Joseph 2,646,483 114.2
Los Angeles 1,266.802 .... r 8.9
Norfolk 7C?.647 • ....
Syracuse 886.890 4.»
Dcs Molnes 892.040
Nashville 1.194.195 26.8
Wilmington. De 1.... 696,768 .... 7.3
Fall River 548.088 .... 32.4
Scran ton 800.983 17.6
Grand Ranlds 919.783 16.0
Augusta, Ga 479,800 28.2 ....
Lowell 645,120 7.6
Dayton, 0 729.474 28.6
Seattle 1,026.269 40.3
Tacoma 612.194 24.9
Spokane 653.202 .... 8.6
Sioux City 612.047 41.0
New Bedford 409.842 6.5
Knoxvllle, Term .... 417,647 9.7
Topeka 4M.158 6.8 ....
Birmingham 379,268 28.9 ....
Wichita 377,151 3.0
Blnghamton 300.M0 22.
Lincoln 831.924 .... 5.9
Lexington. Ky ..... 404.329 15.5
Jacksonville, Fla... 223.563 29,6
Knlamazoo 290.567 .... 9.0
Akron 1 200.600 26.6
Bay City 20f1.9f)3
Chattanooga ........ 254.C96 5.2 ....
Rockford, 11l 203.245 4.6
Canton. 0... 177.100 0.6
Sorlnpftpld. 0 205.472 18.4 ....
Sioux Falls. B. D... 66.3 M. 6.4
Hastings. Neb J58.749 12.0
Fremont, Neb 102.5."9 20.7
Davenport 745.060 28.4 ....
Toledo 1.f.«4.R76 25.4
•Galve3ton ' 6.635.600 48.7 ....
•Houston 4,?.54.9«7 .... C 7
••Helena.. M 1."2. "2 \.
Youns-stown . 505.353 13.2 ....
••Macon 339.000 ....
♦•Evansville 603.984 .... ....
Totals, XT. S $1.221. 929.527 5.8 7777
Totals outside ».-;«
New York 4T»r,.i»0,60n 4.4
DOMINION OF CANADA. . * •
Montreal »13.0MU6f> 22.0
Toronto 6.WS.WI .... J3.5
Winnipeg 1.193.221; .... 2 5
Halifax 1.3r.fi,548 .... 120
Hamilton 601.499 13.3
St. John, N. B 738.601 50.6' ..'.'.
Totals J24.1C9.502 6.7 7777
•Not Included In totals because containing
other Items than clearings.
••Not Included In totals because of no com
parison for last year.' ■ - . .
DUN'S REVIEW OP TRADE.
NKW YORK, Aug. U.— R. O. Dun & Co.'s
weekly review of trade will say . to-morrow:
Prospects of peace have had a curious Influence
on business contracts, not quite explainable on
common sense grounds. Nobody really feared
disaster or exhaustion -of '. national resources,
and nobody feared that anybody else was afraid
of either. Yet orders unusual In number and
'■Ire have j been placed since Spain, asked for
peace. In some Industries the gains have been
larse for about two. weeks, while In some. tex- I
j tile manufactured It has ■ only ; begun to appear I
j this- week. r but Involves a considerable. Increase :
j In the working force. Crop prospects are, on j
J the .whole, mor« encouraging,' for the - Govern- j
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATUKDAY, AUGUST 13, 1898.
ment's latest report as to corn Is much larger
than the commercial estimates, and Its cotton
return promises a heavy yield, while allowance
Is made for Its habitual error In its wheat re
turn. Money markets show no signs of possi
ble disturbance, securities are stronger, <- and
there is no harmful speculation in stocks or
products. Rarely has the financial outlook been
more nearly unclouded.
While wheat Is 4 cents higher. for the week
there Is less doubt than a week ago that It will
rule lower during the coming year. The gen
eral holding back of grain by farmers and con
sequent heavy shrinkage In Western receipts
have reduced the visible supply below all past
records, but everybody understands that at this
date many times that quantity Is almost within
a day's run of Chicago. The more effective
change Is the decrease in exports, which have
only been 3,237.819 bushels, flour included, from
both coasts, against 3,832,974 last year, showing
but a slight Increase of half a million bushels
for two weeks, compared with last year. The
price of corn has declined a shade for cash.
The. Iron and steel trade fully supports Infer
ences drawn from recent events. The demand
for steel Is so heavy that some of the biggest
concerns have been buying, one taking 40,000
tons, advancing the price at Plttsbure from
$14 50 to $15 25, which was at last refused. Bes
semer pig is steady and other pig there and at
Eastern and Western markets generally steady,
but rails have been advanced by Eastern mak
ers to $1S per ton. The makers of structural
beams have advanced the price $1 per ton, and
makers of merchant pipe have advanced the
price 5 per cent, while plate makers are crowd
ed to the point of refusing orders, both East
and West, and bare are stronger, with many
mills engaged for weeks ahead.' Illustrating
the demand are reports of orders for 30,000 car
axles at Chicago, 20,000 tons structural work
there and big orders at Philadelphia for cast
pipe and 6COO tons elsewhere.
Eastern works now appear to be crowded to
their utmost capacity, as the Western have
been for some .weeks. In the minor metals
there Is heavy baying. Textile works have been
Bleeping, but are awakening. The demand for
woolen goods Is now much better, although not
yet extensive enough to warrant paying the
prices asked for new wool, and nearly all of
the buying has been of Old stock. The aggre
gate sales at the three chief markets have been
only 5,432,700 pounds for the week, about a
third of the sales in the same week of 159..
while In 1592. for the corresponding week. Bales
were 7,164, 60<) pounds. ■ ,
For the week failures have been 196 In i .the
United States, against 239 last year, and 18 in
Canada, against 3S last year.
: BRADSTREETS REVIEW.
NEW TORK, Aug. 12.— Bradotreefs will say
to-morrow: Changes in general trade and
business this week have been very era »y
toward improvement. Notable in this respect
has been the Iron and steel trade, which has
passed from the stage of promise to that of
fulfillment on Increased demand and marked
advances in values. From all the leading Iron
centers East and West come reports of more
or less Improvement In lone, demand or prices,
especially prominent in the latter, particular
ly being Fte-l billets at an advance of *1 per
ton: steel rails have had advances ranging
from JSc to $1, and sympathetic advances are
likewise noted i" Eastern plijiron. wrought-
Iron pipe steel beams and other structural
material and steel plates. Further encourag
ing features have been the accentuated demand
on foreign account for wheat and corn, which
Is reflected In advances for those cereals in
bi.He of a rather more favorable than expected
Government report of possible yield. Popu
lar estimates tend to allow of an underesti
mate by the Government in wheat fully equal
to that "of last year and point to a total crop of
not less than 700.000,000 bushels. Effects of the
holding of wheat by farmers for better prices
are found in the reduced volume of grain car
ried by railroads during July. Price strength
is also a feature. Oats, lard, beef, coffee, lead,
rubber, copper and cotton are advanced on the
week. Cotton price* are higher and contrast
with the Government report of an unchanged
condition as a result of July weather, but th!s
is partly due to complaints of too much rain
since August 1, the date of the Government
report. ■■■-■■■■■■' '-■'._, -~ :
Evidences of increased business at the East
are beginning to appear. Business at the West
Is, If anything, more active than last week,
dry goods, clothing." boots and shoes, groceries,
hardware, lumber. and hats and caps all shar
ing in the swelling fall demand. On the Pacific
Coast business is relatively best in Oregon and
Washington.
Cereal exports are of a satisfactory volume.
! and are still ahead of last season's liberal
1 movement. Wheat shipments for the week, mi
i eluding flour as wheat, segregated 4,356.533
; bushels, as against 4.111, 312 bushels last week,
and compared with 4,460,518 bushels In the cor
■ responding week of 1897, 2,C3."i,216 bushels •In
I 18S6, 1.524,628 hi IS9B and 2.97&.524 bushels in
I 1854 Since July 1. this year, the exports of
i wheat aggregated. 15.71.2,6r>7 bushels, against 16.
115.543 bushels during the came - period last
year. . •■-;'.' y. ■•. .
Business failures still Incline toward a mm
I imum, numbering only 137 against 189 last
i week. 214 In the u-etk- a year ago; 258 in ISS6;
■ 195 in 1895 and 254 "in 1894.
Business . failures In Canada for the • week
number- 33. against' 23 last week; Si in thin
week a year ago; 35 In 1596; 23 in 1595 and 40
lin ISM. . " ;V r .'.^.vV^.-Tt
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Aug. 12.— FLO IT R— Receipts.
32.440 barrels; exports, 19,499 barrels; sales, 6500
packages. Quiet but firmer on the strength of
wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts, 66.600 bushels: exports,
40,687 bushels. Spot, strong; No. 3 red 80% cf.
o. b. afloat to arrive; No. 2 red, 81% cf. o. b.
| afloat. Spot options opened stronger on cables
and ruled very firm all day with shorts good
buyers. The continued small receipts of win
ter wheat were supplemented near the close by
fears of political complications abroad. Final
prices showed \QVAr net advance. No. 2 r-:d
j September, 71 1-16672 3-16 c, closed 72Vtc.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— DoII.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points higher. Sales, 30.750 bags, including
August, $5 60; September, $.' 60<g{. 65. Spot Cot
f _Hio ee steady; No. 7 Invoice. 6i*c; No. 7 Job-
I blng 6\c. Mild— Steady; Cordova, S?ilsc.
SUGAR— Raw. strong, held higher; fair re
! fining. 3%c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4>*c Refined—
Firm and active.
MET VLS- All departments continue to show
decided strength, and the tendency Is steadily
upward on good demand and scarcity of sellers.
At the close to-day the Metal Exchange called:
PHI IRON— Warrants firm, held higher, with
$6 76 bid and $7 25 asked.
LAKE COPPER -Unchanged, but firm, with
$11 75 bid and Jl2 asked.
TlN— Quiet and unchunged, with $16 20 bid
and $16 30 asked. ,
LEAD— Firm, with $1 05 bid and $4 10 asked.
The firm naming the Bfttline price for leading
Western miners and smelters quotes lead, $3 86
SPELTER— Unchanged, with $4 50 bid and
BUTTER— Receipts, 8268 packages. Market
firm'; Western creamery, 14V4©Wc: Elglns, 19c;
fR E<3GS — Receipts, 5110 packages. Market
steady; Western, 14V»c.
. DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. Aug. 12.— California dried
Evaporated apples — Common. 6<SBc;
prime wlie tray, 84'2 1 8«ic: choice, B%®?c; fancy.
94c. _ > ,
APRICOTS— ito'yal, 8%@10c; Moorpark, 10
di 12
PEACHES— s@Sc; peeled, 12Q16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, 1 Aug. 12.— Renewed Indications of
smaller receipts at "Western primary markets
together with better prices at Liverpool gave
wheat a good start. The strained relations
between Russia and England growing out of the
friction over China were also a factor. Reports
showed considerable alarm and the disposition
was to cover. As there was little for sale
a\id the competition sharp, price* gradually
fmproveV %c. The demand for shipping lots
of wheat was better than It was yesterday,
and a corresponding improvement was experi
enced in the market for carloads. The extra
ordinary condition of the cash trade was the
moat influential feature of the situation and
kept the price of September edging upward af
ter every slight reaction. The aggregate re
ceipts for the day at Western primary markets
were 436 000 bushels against 740,000 bushels last
year. September %@lc higher and ; December
Xf A n good* Inquiry from the East for cargo lots ,
and the weather favored corn. The Influence of
the Government optimistic figures, however,
was still sufficient to prevent any general in
vestment, buying. .September rose 4@V4c.
. Oats displayed a moderate strength on buying
by commission houses. here was a good de
mand for cash, both old and new. The close
was %c "higher.- " ;■--.' ■."*■-
Comparatively small receipts and higher
prices for hogs at the yards started provisions
firm. Packers were' free sellers at the slight
advance with which < the trading: commenced,
and the demand was soon obliterated. Radi
cal weakness, however, did. not set in until a
few minutes from the close when upon yellow
fever announcements there. -wan a sudden col
lapse and the market closed In- a semi-panicky
state. Pork lost 124 c lard 10@12V»c, and ribs
174 con the day. '. . ' .. . '
The leading futures ranged as follows: ... ■
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close,
Wheat. No. 8— - •
August '.. N .°'..-... 7N4 ■ . 72V4 . 714 71%
September 60% 674 66* 67Vi
December > .......... 64% 65 64V* ; 64%
May....' 66 66% 65% 66Vi
Corn. ' No. 2—2 — •
August .............. 3*"- 32% 32% 32%
September •• : 32% 32% * _ 324 - 32%
December 32% 33 324 ■ 82%
May • 85 36% 34% . 34%
Oats, No. 2-
September ..... 20% 20% 20% 20%
May :v, 23V4 23% 23% 234
Mess Pork, per bbl— • . •-
September ........ 9 25 9 25 9 05 9 05
October 9 12/4 9 174 9 074 9 074
December .......... 9 274 . 9 274 915 915
Lard, per 100 lbs — . -■•■■ i ■■-• ■■;■■
September 5 424-6 424 6 274- 530
October ............ 5 474, 5 474 5 324 635
December .. 640
Short Ribs, p«r 100 lbs—
September ....6 40 540 5 174 5 174
October 5 374 _*°__ 6 174 6 174
■ Cash .quotations were as follows: •
Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 70c: No.
3 spring wheat, 70®73e; No. 2 ; red, 724 c; - No.
2 corn, 33c: No. 2 oats, 22».;<7?22H0; No." 2 white.
25%«f2Se:<No. 3 white. 25©27 c: No. 2 rye. 44% «J
45<-; No. 2 barley. 38is?45c; No. . 1 flaxseed, ; 9*4
984 c; prime timothy seed; f2 DO; mess pork, per
bbl. $9 0510-10; lard per 100 lbs, $5 20®5 27>4;
short ribs sides (loose), $5 15@6 45; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), $4 62 I '-@4 87V. short clear
6ides (boxed). $5 50@5 SO.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 7,500 9,500
Wheat, bushels 92,500 136,800
Corn, bushels 3?2. 100 308.600
Oats, bushels :C 93.130
Rye, bushels 12,0 r 0 30,000
Barley, bushels 6.700 800
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries, 13 •i'.TISS.c; dai
ries, 12® 16c. Eggs steady; fresh. 12c.
WHEAT MOVEMENT.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 71,540 28, 150
Duluth 3.062 31,734
Milwaukee 13.000
Chicago 92.564 136,671
Toledo 5.453 3.000
St. Louis 32,000 30.000
Detroit 25.748 40.412
Kansas City 109.000 49.000
Totals 352,402 319,307
Tidewater-
Boston 84.824 159.023
New York 66.600 40.657,
Philadelphia 23.543 2.400
Baltimore / 170,473 ..:•..
New Orleans
Galveston 43,030
Totals 388.475 202,115
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 10% 66
Closing =• lIVA 5 5%.
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat- Aug. Nov.-Feb
B&V:v.v.v.v.v.v.v.vr.r:::gS 44,5
Closing 60*3 " .<
Flour — . „« qg
BSfvr=v.v.v."""::.v.:MS 20 80
Closing " M
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 12.— The local wheat
market shows but little change. A small lot
of new crop valley sold to-day for 62c for mill
ing purposes. This figure is about a cent above
re 1 prices.
Walla Walla, 69c; Blue Stem, 61c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Aug. 12.— Export prices for wheat
are 67®68e for club and bluestem. Millers pay
62c for club and 65c for bluestem.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Ausr. CATTLE— in good
demand at advances of oft 10c. Choice steers.
?5 ?5©5 65; medium. $4 8004 95; beef steers,
$4 20@4 25; Btockers and feeders, $3455 15; bulls.
f2 50tf?4 25: cows and heifers. $3 f.o@4 25; calves,
$3 50@7; Western rangers, $C@4 60; Texans, $2 25
HOGS— Ruled 10c higher. Fair to choice. $4f<>
4 15- packers. $3 70(f?3 97%: butchers, $3 7"»f: 4 10;
mixed, J3 75*64 05; light, $3 70@4 05; pigs, 12 85@
3 85.
SHEEP— Trade vln sheep was active and
strong prices. Common to prime, $3 50@4 SO;
rangers, $3 :•"•■! 60; choice spring lambs, $6 65
©6 75: yearlings, «4 75©6 25.
Receipts— Cattle, 1500; hogs, 15,000; sheep,
6000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Au-. 12.— CATTLE— Receipts.
8600. Market steady to strong: native steers.
$405 35; cows and heifers, $I@s: stackers and .
feeders, $3 20©5 10; bulls, $2 50<g3 --
HOGS— Receipts. 6600. Market s@loc higher,
closing weak. Bulk of sales, $3 80@3 95;
heavies. *3 Ss®4 10: nackers. $3 75354: mixed,
$3 65(5>3 95; lights. $3 sr>«?3 80: pigs, "\<ft-Z 70.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2500. Market firm; lambs,
$3 30@6; muttons. 52 ~~Ti\ 50.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Aug. 12.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1900.
Market Steady. Native b<*ef steers. $4 30®5 30;
Western steers, $3 9004 75; cows and heifers,
$3 26©8 50; ptockers and feeders, $3 60@4 80;
calves, ami bulls and stags, $2 75<if4 10.
HOGS— Receipts. SSCO. Market 5010 c higher.
Heavy. $3 SOfT. 1 ! S2H: mixed, $3 S24<g3 85; light,
$3 Sof?3 85; bulk. $3 Ss®3 87*4.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1500. Market steady. Fair
to choice natives *3 6015 4 20; do Westerns, $3 50
©4; common. $3 25@3 90; lambs, r u6.
CALIFORNIA PRUIT SALES.
The Earl Fruit Company auctioned Califor
nia fruit to-day as follows:
CHICAGO, Aug. 12.— Grapes— Malaga. 95c@
$140, average $121; Fontalnebleau, 90c. Bart
lett Pears, average $2 34 ; Crawford Peaches,
$1 18; Grog Prunes, $1 12; Yellow Egg Plums.
91C; German, Jl 36; Fellenber?. $1 42. Weather
dry; nine cars sold.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 12.— Malaga Grapes,
7.'.<-' i ii 05. average l'sc: Hungarian Prunes,
$1 55@1 75, average *1 57; Yellow Egg, $1 28.
Four cars sold. •"• ■-.'
BOSTON, Aug. 12.— Malaga Grapes, $1 50;
Bartlett Pears. $1 Ss@2 40. average $2 27; Early
Crawford Peaches,' $1 35t?l 65, average $1 50;
Late Crawford, $1 Jo@l 70, average $1 42; Sus-
QKehanna, SI 30<f;l 60, average $1 50; Gros
Prunes, $1 27; Italian. $1 15; Yellow Egg, 90c®
$1 15. average 98c: Columbia. 82c; German, $1 06.
NEW YORK, Aug. 12.— Tokay Grapes, $3 25.
Peaches, Susquehanna, $1 10*£ l 25, average $1 19;
Late Crawford, $I@l 60. average $1 21: Brandy
wine, $117; Muir, $161 25, average $101.
Plums— Bradshaw. 90c(35l 10. average 95c; Gros,
$l@l 40, average $1 14; Yellow Egg. $1 15©1 50,
average $1 22. Prunes— Hungarian, $1 S3: Silver,
$1 35@1 68, average $1 42: German, $li3>l 40. av
erage $1 32: Columbia. Jlfil 25, average $1 09.
Bartlett - Pears, %i 20(52 60, average $2 38.
Weather cloudy; 24 cars sold.
DRIED FRUITS IN THE EAST.
NEW YORK, Aug. 12.— The Journal of Com
merce, referring to the market for California
dried fruits, lays: In spite of strong reports
from California and the steady upward move
ment in prices there, Eastern buyers do not
seem to be rendy to take hold and comparative
ly little forward business is reported. On the
other hand, it is understood that Chicago has
U'>ne a great d<>al of buying for forward in
both apricots and prunes.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Aug. Consols, 110%; Silver,
27 7-lCd; French rentes, 103f 02's; Wheat car
goes off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on pass
age, quiet; English country markets, part Cd
@ls dearer.
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 12.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
Standard California, Cs 7d@6s "Uil; French
country markets, steady; weather In England,
fine.
COTTON— Uplands, 3%d.
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet; September,
5s UMid; December, 5s 6H<l.
CORN- August, "steady, 3s 3d; September,
steady, 3s 3'id; October, steady, 3s % 4V4d.
FLOUR— St. Louts fancy winter, steady, 9s.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 12.— T0-day's state
ment or the condition of the Treasury: Avail
able oa*h balance, $267, 176..167; gold reserve,
$156,108,877.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS. Aug. 12.— Cotton, steady;
middlings. E 11-18r.
NEW York, Aug. 12.— Cotton, quiet; Mid
dlings, 6 l-16c.
PORTLAND'S BUBIKSBS.
PORTLAND, Or.. Aug. 12.— Exchanges, ?210,
412; balances, $35,071.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — |4 **\
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 it\
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17V4
New York Exchange, sight — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59«£
Mexican Dollars 46 46Vs
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Eastern and foreign markets
are hardening again and this market is im
proving In (sympathy. The (lfpre'-slon of the
past several months seems to be jiasslnjj away.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. |1 2001 23 \ : milling,
$1 30£/ l 40 per ctl for old and $1 2601 30 for new.
CALL liOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
8000 ctls, $1 23%; 16,000, *1 23%.
Second Session— December — 1000 ctls, $1 24V4;
2000, $1 23%; 32,000, $1 24.
Regular Morning Session — December— 2ooo
ctls, $1 24. ,
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 23%; 6000, $1 23%.
BARLEY— market Is quiet and shows no
change whatever. Offerings are moderate.
Feed, $1 17%@1 20; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales !
OATS— Continue inactive at former prices.
Fancy Feed. $1 27V ©1 30 per ctl; good to choice,
$1 25<g>l 27^; common. $1 17H@1 22%; Surprise,
$1 30^1 35; Gray, $1 22>4@1 25; milling, $1 22lj@
1 27Vi per ctl.
CORN— The tendency in prices seems to be
downward. The demand Is poor. Small round
yellow, $1 2G<3 I 1 SO; Eastern. large yellow. Backed,
$1 07%@l 10; white, $I@l 10; mixed, $1 05@l 074
per ctl.
RYE— »I 20@l 2. > per ctl. .
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75®1 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extrns, $4 40@4 50; bakers'
extras, $4 15@l 25 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— I'rices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trad-: Graham
Flour, $3 26 per 100 lt>s; Rye Flour, 12 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, J7; Cornmeal. $2 60; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat Groats.
U 00; Hominy. $3 25®3 50; Buck-wheat Flour, |4
©4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina, $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 r.Q; Rolled oats (bar
ley). 15 KVfrfi 25; in sacks, $5 65<S'6 05; Pearl
Barley. %L; Spilt Peas. $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFF'S.
There 1b a Quick demand for choice wheat
Hay, but there is none coming; In, nor is there
any expected this season. It would bring at
least a dollar a ton over our quotations. The
Hay that Is coming In is selling fairly at the
prices and there is no further weakness at th*
moment, as receipts are more moderate.
Feedstuffs range the same. ■
BRAN— SIS Sosg.l6 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— JISW2O per ton .„_.„.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley, - 125@28 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. *31«rpl 50; Job
bing, $32®32 50; Cocoanut Cake. 12*02".; ' Cotton
seed Meal, $28@30 per ton; Cornmeal, $Z3@23 50.
Cracked Corn, $24!&24 60. »T«tT «. for
CALIFORNIA HAT-Wheat, $17@17 B0 'or
good and »14@16 for lower grades: no choice
fomlng in; Wheat and Oat $14 60@16 50: Oat^
$13@15; Barley, $135 14 BO: Island Barley. $11®
12 50; Alfalfa. $11 50^12 60; Block, $11© 12.
Clover, nominal. • ■ i . .
C OUTSIDE HA Y-<From Oregon. Utah, etc)
fe^jn«" 8j S%k 8? Alfaira^tVn S
STRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Some changes In Peas and Seeds will be ob
served. Beans run along about the «an».
BEANS-Bayos. $2 65@2 70; Small Whites
y:\i2 15; barge ■>hi«! , , : -' «f tM9» K^
Butier" nomlial: Lima-. J303 15; Pea. »2@2 15;
Red Kidneys. «2 COC2 75 per <="• „ v .
Yrliow Mustarl, »4<SM2S: Flax, nornlna *2<ff2 JO.
"DRIED" PEAS-Nlles, $1 75@1 00; Green. $2 25
per ctl. ■
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Choice Potatoes are firm ami selling off well.
Onions are we-ik. Sweet Potatoes continue to
Tomatoes continue scarce and firm at the un
usually good prices. The other Vegetables are
in liberal supply and cheap. w-.i- xj,,.»
POTATOES- -60€ 65c in sacks for Early Rose
and BO®9OC in sacks and <oc<3U 10 In boxes
for Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks. 75c(3i?l 15,
Sweet Potatoes, lVi<s3c per lt>. ■ tjvff . .
ONIONS v per ctl for red and 60^.0c
per ctl for yellow. Pickle Onions, 75@90c per
° VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2^(?3c; String
Beans. 2#Bc per Ib; Lima Beans, 2@3c; Bay
Squash. 25iJ30c; Green Peppers 3d® 50c for
Chile and 50<&60c f^»r Bell; Cabbage, 50c per
ctl: Carrots, 30@50c per sack; Bay Cucumbers
25®30c; Pickles, 76c for No. 1 and 406-sOc per
box for No. 2; River Tomatoes, $l@l 7o; Green
Corn, SOc'aJl per sack for Vacaville, $I*l _2o per
crate for Alameda. 50©75 c for Berkeley: Garlic,
2@2MiC per lb; Green Okra, BO066e; Egg Plant,
35®60c per box.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes, I
sliced raw, 120 per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced ,
dessicated. 16@l&c; granulated. raw. 13c:
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage. 30c: Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25e;
String Beans, 80c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Turkeys continue to bring high prices. Young
Poultry rules firm, the supply being hardly up
to the demand. Hene are dull.
Two cars of Eastern sold at $5 Wai for Hens,
$5 for old Roosters, J7@B for young Roosters.
*5@5 50 for Fryers, $3 50@4 for Broilers. $3 for
Ducks and ISc for Turkeys.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 16@18c for Gob
blers "and 15@lSc for Hens; Geese, per pair. $1©
1 25; Goellnr.*. *1 25@1 60; Ducks $2 50@3 for^d
and $2 50@4 for young; Hens. $3 "0® 4 oO^ Roos
ters, young, $3® 6; Roosters old. j*&®{so:
Fryers. $4 50; Broilers, $3 5001 for large. $2 50
©3 60 for small; Pigeons, $1 5001 75 per dozen
for young and HOI 25 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Prices for all descriptions under this head
rule about as before. Thrre are no Duck Kggs
on the market at the moment, so the quota
tion is dropped.
T* T TTT "P* TT. ,
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 23@24c; sec-
I onds, 21@22c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy. 20@21c; common
1 grades, lG(ijl'Jr. ' . ,t, t
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 14@loc per 1b;
I Elgin, nominal. •". ._
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 9&@10c; old. 8@
9c; Cream Cheddar. lOSllc; Young America,
10©llo; Eastern, 12(g13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 21@25c per dozen; store
, Eggs, 14@17%c; Eastern, 14<§17c for ordinary
and 18@20c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The glut In Peaches, Pears and Plums con
tinues, but dealers do not expect It to last
more than several days longer. As soon as the
I canners get rid of their contract fruit they will
i af,aln buy In this market, when a general im
| provement In prices Is looked for, as the cropa
are Just as light as they have been. A curious
and unprecedented feature of the congestion
Is the shipment of Peaches and Pears back to
the grower* by the commission merchants, in
order that they may be dried Instead of being
sacrificed here. In former years the growers
were not prepared to dry at a moment's notice,
but they are now, and It is a good thing for
i them. Of course they lose the freight both
ways. Quite a number of lots have been thus
■hipped back.
Grapes are beginning to pile up somewhat,
and the tendency In prices Is downward. Other
wise there Is nothing new.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, J3 60@6 per chest for large and
for small.
Figs. 50c for white and uoc@sl 25 for black,
double layers.
Cantaloupes, $1 2r.g3 60 per crate; Nutmegs,
JI4JI 76 per box; Watermelons, $5@20 per hun
dred.
Huckleberries, 7<gSc per lb.
Red Nectarines, 50@75c; White Nectarines,
25@<50c per box.
White Grapes, 50Tj60c per box and 50«j65c per
! crnte; Black Grapes, 60<8>75c per crate; Muscats,
I 65(&>7i>c per crate; Isabellas, 40c per basket.
Blackberries, J2®4 per chest.
Plums, SOSOc per crate and 25@50c per box;
in bulk, $7 iOol£ per ton.
Apricots, 50@76c per box and $40@60 per ton
in bulk.
Poaches, 25@E0c per box; In bulk, to eonners,
for Freestones; Clings, nominal.
Crabapples, Zs#4oc per box.
Raspberries, J4 50(g6 per box.
Apples. 35-9.600 for common, and 75c@Jl per
box for No. 1.
Bartlett Pears. 75(ff<*}c per box and J2T><fi'3O
per ton tor No. 1, and 25@60c per box and %lWjf
17 50 per ton for small and Inferior stock
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges, {1 B#l :o for St.
Michaels, JKril 25 for Mediterranean Sweets,
and 7.',CrrJl 25 for Seedlings; Lemons, J2 50^3
for comnion and tViio for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, S'(<i&: California Limes,
none here; Bananas, Jl 25&2 per bunch; Pine
apples, tZ'iii per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS. RAISINS, ETC.
\ The market for new Pears has been estab
lished at 6c for quarters and 8c for halves.
These are pretty good figures, and the market
Is firm at them. New Peaches are strong at
an advance, and Apricots are stiff. There la
nothing new In new Prunes.
DRIED FRUIT — New Prunes, 3H@4c
for the four sizes; old Prunes, carload 'lots
s@sVic for 40-50's, 4V£ffrsc for r.O-60's, 3%®4c for
CO-70's. 3Vi<£3%c tot 70-SO's. 2>;<fi.lc for 80-60' s. 2Q>
2'kc lor 90-100' s; new Poaches, 7<g"4c; old
Peaches, 6@6Hc; peeled, nominal; new Apri
cots, !H4@loc for Royals and 15®17Hc for Moor
parks; old Apricots, s@7c for Royals and B@loc
for good to fancy Moorparks, Evaporated Ap
ples, iVt&'lc; sun dried, 3@4c; Black Figs, sacks
24(2V6c; Plums, 4(i(4ViiC for pitted and l@lV4c for
unpltted; bleached Plums, 6c; Nectarines, 3@
4V£e for prime to fancy; Pears, 3(ifsc for quar
ters and 3@s>4c for halves, according to color
etc. New Pears. 6c for quarters and 8c for
halves.
RAISINS— 2<Jf2*4c for two-crown. @2%c for
three-crown, 3if3Vic for four-crown. 3@4c for
Seedless Sultanas. 2V4®3c for Seedles* Mus
catels and $I@l 15 for London Layers; dried
Grapes, 2c.
NUTS— Walnuts, new, 6c for hardshell, 7o for
softshell; Almonds, 3@4c for hardshell, 6@7c for
\ softshell, BV4@9c for paper shell; Peanuts. 4&
sVfcc for Eastern and 4M:c for California; Pe
cans, fi'^ig'Sc; Filberts, 84@l0c;. Brazil Nuts.
B®9c per Ib; Cocoanuts, $4 50®5 per 100.
HONEY— Comb, 9<sloc for bright and 6@7c
for lower 'grades; water-white extracted. S%O
6c: light amber extracted. 4%@5%c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24(O'26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Aside from the large Government orders al
ready mentioned there in nothing new.
CURKD MEATS— Bacon, S^u ! per It) for
heavy, 9c for light medium, 10'i,c for light, lie
for extra light and 12'.24n3c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10', 2 (&ilc; Califor
nia Hams, 9V*@loc: Mess Beef, Jlo@lo 60 per
bbl; extra Mess Beef, $ll<£f>ll 60: Family Beef,
tVMrI'Z 00; extra prime Pork, $10: extra clear.
$IS<3IS [-0; mess, $15 50®16; Smoked Beef. ll@l2o
per It).
LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per It)
for compound and 7Uc for pure; pails. 8c;
California tierces, 5c per Ib for compound and
7c for pure; half barrels, 7*4 c; 10-It) tins, 8c;
6-n» tins, BHc ■
COTTOLENE — Tierces. fi%ipfi*4c; packages
less than 880 Its — 1-It> pails, 60 In a. case, 9Hc;
3-IT) palls, 20 In a case, $%c; 6-lt> pails. 12 In a
case. Sue: 10-Ib pails, 6 in a CRse, S*io; SO-It>
tins, 1 or 2 In a case. 7?ic; wooden buckets. 20
tbs net, BHc; fancy tubs. 80 Ib 3 ii-t, i"*io; half
barrels, about 110 It>H, 7%c per Tb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WCOU AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
| steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, BV4c; Cow
i hides, 9c; Stags, C'^c; salted Kip, B^c; Calf,
9c; dry Hides. Hound, 15c; culls and brands,
12c; dry Kip and Veal. 16c; dry Calf, lTitflSc;
Goatskins", fHfcGSOe; medium, 30c; winter. 10c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, If,<Bi2sc each; short wool,
30@40c each; medium, 60'riSGc; long wool, 90cijj(
$1 10 each; Horsehldes. salt, $2 23 for large
and 316J1 75 for small; Colts, 50c- Horsehides.
dry, $1 75 for large and 75c(g$l 25 for small;
Colts. 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3%c per lt>; No. 2,
2\c; refined, 4H'3 1 414e; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip. Southern Mountain, 7@loc;
1 free Northern, tt(jri I l2c. Spring clip— Southern
. Mountain, 12 months', 9©Ulc; San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months', S@loc; Foothill and
i Northern, free, 12<i?14c: Foothill and Northern,
I defective, 10<gl2c; Middle County, 13®16c; Hum
boldt and Mendoclno, 1*916 c: Nevada, 10@Uc;
Eastern Oregon, 10^12o: Valley Oregon, 15@17c.
HOPS— IS 97 crop, 9@l2H per ID.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 4H®4\o; Wool
Bags, 26@23c; San Quentin Bags. $4 85: Fruit
Bags, 6c, 5»/4 and 6»ic for the three grades of
white and 7©Be for brown. ' ■•,,,-
Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $S: Southheld Wellington. $7 50; Seat
tle, $«; Bryant, 18; Coos Bay. *5: WaUsend.
$7 60; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and $14 60 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; can
net. $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
$7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 In
" & RICE— Chlnn, mixed, $4 30@4 35; China No. 1.
$4 90@5 20; extra do, $5 30tfT5 60; Hawaiian,
$6- Japan, $5 So@6 40; Louisiana, $5 6C®6 00.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
puny quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 7c: Powdered, 6Uc; Candy
Granulated. Cc; Dry Granulated, 57* c; Confec
tioners' A. 6%c: Magnolia A. 6*c: Extra C.
5%c; Golden C, 6*ic: California A, s^c per lb;
half barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes
}£c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are ofT again and weak at the decline.
Beef is steady and choice Is -firm. There Is no
chance In Mutton and Veal.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows: :.''.
IsEEF— First quality. 6Vsc: second quality.
6%<g>6c; third quality, 4>-4®i. 1 4c.
VEAL— Large, 4©'sc; small. «sf7c per It..
MUTTON— Wethers. 7®7»/iC; Ewes, 6<g6V4c
per It.
LAMB— Sprlnr. 7@Bc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 3%c for large, 4c for me
dium and 3Y*<&3\ic for small; stock Hogs. 2@
3c; dressed Hogs, sK@6%c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday. August 12.
Flour, qr sks .. 26,144 Straw, tons 2"
Barley, <■;!* i,M' Wool, bales 178
Cheese, ctls 23 i Pelts, bdls 210
Buttor. ctls 263]Hidps. no 140
Tallow, ctls 12;F.ggf, dos 14.850
Beans, sks 2tO Sugar, sks 470
Potatoes, sks ... 8.153, Do bbls 25
Onions, sks 824 (Quicksilver, flak. 103
Bran, sks 1.230 Leather, mils ... 219
Middlings, sks .. 70 j Wine, gals 34,800
Hay, tons SKI
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 840 Hay, tons 10
UTAH.
Hay, tons !■)_■ - ; /
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Butter is dearer again. Cheese and Eggs are
undisturbed.
Meals sell at last week's prices. Turkeys
are dearer, beine scarce, but otherwise the
Poultry market stands about the same.
It is now the full of the fruit season and aJI
fruits except Grapes are about as plentiful as
they will get this year. The markets are
choked at the moment, as the canners are not
buying, but this will probably not last much
over this week. Vegetables are plentiful as
usual.
Following is Th^ Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
Ccal, per ton —
Cannel % (§"l2 00 ' Castle Gate.s9 60«9
Wellington . ®10 00 ;3outhfleld
Sew Welling- I Wellington ® 9 50
ton 'filO OOlCoos Bay ©7 00
Seattle S CO(g> 1
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, fancy, per [Common Eggs — — @20
square 45<g"/) '• Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per r011... .40645 doz 25@30
Do, good — @37; Honey Comb, per
-heese. Cal — @12 lb 12@15
Cheese, Eastern.. 15«tf— Do. extracted... B@lo
Cheese. Swiss 20®25
Meats, per lb —
Bacon ...12<g>17|Pork, fresh 12®15
Beef, choice 12@15|Pork, salt 10@12
Do, good S@loiPork, chops.. 12@15
Corned Beef B@lo Round Steak .10®—
.Ham, Cal 12Vi@15 Sirloin Steak.... l2%@—
Do, Eastern — BIS Porterhouse, d0...1~<?J20
Lard .12@15 smoked Beef —ft 15
Mutton — @10 Pork Sausages — —-6 20
spring Lamb 12@— Veal 12@15
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each.... 50® 65 [Turkeys, pr lb 20 @22
Young Roost- Ducks, each... 40® 60
ers, each .... 60@ 75 Geese, each 1 00@l 25
Old Roosters. Plpeons, ialr.. 25* SO
each 40@ 50 Babbits, pair.. <$ 40
Fryers, each.. 50© 60 Hare, each ® 20
! Broilers, each. 30® 40 1
Fruits and Nuts-
Apricots, per 1b... 6® 6 ■ Nutmeg Melons,
Almonds, lb 12@15 | each 10@12
Apples, lb 4@ 6 Oranges, doz 126z'3i>
Blackberries, per - jPears, per lb 4@ 6
drawer 25@30 ! Peaches, per 1b... 4® 6
Bananas. dor 15920 i'lums, lb 4® 6
Cantaloupes. eachlO@ls Raspberries, per
Figs per lb 15$— I drawer 30@40
Grapes, per 1b.... 4® S Xalsins. lb 5&10
Huckleberries, I Strawberries, per
per lb — ®10 drawer 23@30
Lemons, d0a....... 25@SS I Walnuts, lb lbdf—
i Limes, doz. ~^} h I Watermelons, echls<g3o
| Nectarines, ■pr lb. 4@ 6 I •
Vegetables- "■•
Asparagus, lb 6&10 Lettuce, d0z.......10©25
Artichokes, doa... 3reen Okra, 1b...; 6<§> 3
Beets, doz... .12@15 Onion*, lb 4© o
Beans, white, lb.. 4@ 5 Peppers, green.... 4*9" «
Colored, lb '. 4® 5 Potatoes, 1b....... 2(8" 3
Lima, lb 5@ 6 Do, sweet..:..... J@ 5
Cabbage, each B@lo Parsnips, doz 15§£Z0
Cauliflowers, each s®lo Radishes, dz bchs. 10iffl2
Celery, bunch s@— Sage, doz bch5...25®35 |
Tress, doz bnchs..2o@2s String Beans, lb.. s@—
"■ucumbers, . .10<?rl5| summer Squash,
Egg Plant, per lb. 4@ 81 p€r lb 4^ 5
3reen Corn. doz...l2«2sirhyme. lb 20530
3reen Peas, 1b.... 4® 6 rurnips. doz U.wrn
Lentils, ID 6& 8 Tomatoes, lb 5® 8
Fish, per lb —
Barracuda, B®lo shrimps B@lo
Carp 5@ 6 3nad , B'#lo
Codfish S®lo 3ea Bass — @10
Flounders 6@ 6 Smelts 10©12
Herring • — @— Soles B@lo
Halibut S(flO Skates, each s@lo
Klngnsh — ©ID Tomcod ......... ..10@—
Mackerel <8— -lams, gal — @o0
Do horse S@— Do, hardshell, 100. 40© ..0
Perch 10@— >ab«, each 10@15
Pompano 60@75 (Do softshell, d0z.25(g35
Rockflsh -®10 Mussels, qt....^... 10012
Salmon, smoked.. 2o«f— Oysters, Cal. 100. .40®—
Salmon, fresh — @10 Do. Eastern. d0z..25@40
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Emma A. Smith to James F. Smith, lot on
S line of Union street. 150 E of Polk, E 25 by
American Surety Company of New York to
Eugene D anil Theresa McSweeny, lot on SE
corner of Chestnut and Polk streets, E 68:9 by
Otto Schoemann to Isabella M. Cowell. lot on
N line of Clay street. SS:9 W of Sansome. W
44-3 N 60. W 0:4, N 7, E 25:4, N 24:8, E 19:3,
S ii:8; $10. . _.
Christian I. Pecher to Jacob Pecher, lot on
N line of North Point street, 137:6 W of Stock
ton W 45:10 by N 137:6; gift.
W Hall <by J. N. Block, Tax Collector) to
William Wolfsohn. lot 1, block 14, West End
S Vosti (by same) to William Nlcol, lot on
W corner of Porter and Worden streets, NW
11S:6 by SW SO, block 18, West End Map 2,
came; $3.
William and C. T. Nicol to C. Hoffman,
same; $76.
Henry Schwerin to Isaac Levy, Henry Horst
mann and Edward Prlnjrle Jr., lot on SE corner
of France avenue and Edinburgh street, S 600 E
200, N to France avenue, W 200. block 43, Ex
celsior Homestead: alco undivided one-half in
terest in lot on S line of Washington street.
160-6 E of Kearny, being SW corner Washing
ton and Dunbar alley, W 23 by S 33:6; all in
terest in lot on W corner of Mission and
Spear streets. NW 77:6 by 8W 45:10; all inter
est in lot on SW line of Spear street, 97:6 NW
of Mlwhm. NW 40 by SW 45:10; $27,500.
Adolph Schwerin to tame, lot on NE cor
ner of Italy and Athens streets, SE 100 by NE
225 block 76. Excelsior Homestead; also lot on
W line of Starr street, 225 N of Salinas, N 50
by W 100. lots 10 and 11. block 4, Garden Tract
Homestead Association; $2000.
Alameda County.
Martha A. Anderson to Annie Lytle (wife of
W. D. Lytle), lot on E line of Linden street,
133:4 S of Twenty-sixth. S 33:4 by E 125, block
K-639 northern extension of Oakland, Oakland;
$1000.
B. C. and Mary A. Cuvelller to Mary A. Mil
ler (wife of Albert Miller), lot on E line of
Poplar street, 160 N of West Fourteenth, N 45
by E 115. block 585, Oakland; $600.
H. C. Morris to Annte E. Hoffman, lot 11.
block 15, Warner Tract, Brooklyn Township;
$10.
Caroline M. Runkle to J. P. SarsfteUl, lot 8.
block 26, resubdlvlslon of townsite of Fitchburg.
formerly Fitchburg Homestead lots, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
A. J. and Lena Sharpe to Elizabeth Knlck,
lot on E line of Broadway, 200 N of Lincoln
avenue, N 50 by E 206. being lot 6 block 6,
Hays and Caperton property, Alameda: $4000.
Mary M. Wright to August Blohm, lot on E
ltne of Telegraph avenue. lf>3 H N of Webster
street, E 12G.12. N F. 5, W 111.79, S 57.01 to begin
ning, being a portion of plat 51, Rancho V. and
1), Peralta, Berkeley ; $525.
Builders' Contracts.
W. M. Nichols (owner) with K. C. Gardner
(contractor), architect M. J. Welsh. All work
for a two-story frame building of four tene
ments on SW corner of Powell and Vandewater i
streets. S 45 by W 6.5:9; $!125.
Hugh Reilly (owner) with Donovan & son |
(contractors), architect T. J. Wrlsh. All work j
for a two-story frame building (stnre and tene- j
ments) on N line of Twenty-fourth (Sonoma) i
street, 25 E of San Bruno avenue (Nebraska),
N 100 by W 25: $2775.
James Gallsßher (owner) with John Keneally |
(contractor), James Glaek^n, superintendent. ,
All work for a one-story-and-basement frame
dwelling on W line of Texas street. 25 S of
Nineteenth (Butte), S 25 by W 100, P N 267;
William W. Young (nwner) with Pan Fran
cisco Novelty and Plating Works (contractors), i
architects Kenltzer & Harth. Grill inclosures
and cast and wrought iron work for a passen
ger and a freight elevator Inclosure; aleo plat- |
in.X for a five-story brick building on SW cor- .
ncr of Market and Sp«ar streets, W 45:10 by S \
137:6; $1650.
Snme with Fraser Electric Elevator Works i
(contractors), architect simp. Elertrtc passen- ;
por elevator for same nn same: ?42'Xl
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
COAST OF OREGON.
The following named buoys have gone adrift
from their positions on the Coast of Oregon.
and affect the List of Beacons and Buoys, Pa
cific Coast. 1597, page 37.
Aleeya River Buoy— A flrnt-class can, black
and white perpendicular stripes; letter "A"
In white.
SileU River Buoy— A second-class nun, blatk
and white perpendicular stripes, marked 81
letz River," In black and white letters.
These buoys will be replaced on their stations
as early as practicable. By order of the United
States Lighthouse Board. MORONQ
JOHN C. MORONG.
Commander, U. R. N., Inspector Thirteenth
■ Lighthouse District.
Office of United States Lighthouse Inspector,
Portland, Or., August 8, IS3B.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographio
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, >•
maintained In San Francisco tor the benefit or
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit th«
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing direct of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is holstel
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any. is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAP V. WELCH,
Ensign (retired). U. S. N.. in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low-
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later ttian at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. AUGUST 13.
Sun rises 5:24
Sun sets 7:05
Moon sets 1:36 a. m.
Time
,L Wj
I Feet.
Feet.
IH W
L W.
3:
3:
4:
4'
5
6.
0.3 10:04
0.1 10:40
0.0 11:07
—6.1 11:30
0.01 11:51
O.li 12:11|
0.31 12:31;
3.8 1::
4.1 2::
4.4 3::
4.5 4:i
4.7 4:
4.8 5:
4.J| 5::
3.1
3 .
3
3.
I.
I
1 .
I 7:40
I 8:31
9:17
10:01
10:42
11:23
S.O
6.0
6.0
5.3
5.2
5.3
I
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day in the order of occurrence a-s to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tid»
and the last or right hand column gives tha
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on th»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane oT
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydro raphlo Office XT. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. August
1 2 18**S
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
bulWi.ig was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1 c at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at «
p. m. Greenwich mean^ p WELCH .
■Enslen (retired). U. S. N.. in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Willamette 'Seattle Aug. 1 J
Newburg iNewport Aug. 13
Santa Rosa igan Diego Aug. 13
Chtlkat Humboldt Aug. 12
Si am " INanalmo Aug. 13
Mine-iia (Tacoma if*', 1 ?
Czarina Seattle I Aug. la
Co-is Bay |Newport , |Au *-, 151 5
State California Portland . . -Aug. 16
Umatllla Victoria & Puget Sound | Aug. 15
City of Sydney. (Manila iAug .ls
Arca » a ICoos Bay [Aug. la
Orizaba! JHumboldt Aug. 16
EmD'.re Bay lAug. IS
Pomona jSan Diego ; Aug 17
Glenfarg :China and Japan 'Aug. 17
AUFt'alia Manila :A.ug. 17
Crescent City.. JCrescent City !Aug. IS
Homer Newport Aug. 19
CnSia Portland Aug. .")
Q ueen '.Victoria & Puget Sound Aug. 20
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Columbia .. Portland Aug. 13, 10am;Pier 1?
Horr-Tr ... Newport Aug. 13. 9 am.Pler U
Doric ...fChina&JapairAug. 13. lnml'JiSS
Walla Wallivic & Pgt Sd.jAug. 14, 10 amPler 3
\ewburg .. 'HumboMt .... lAuit. 15, 10 wnjPier 4
Santa Rosa San Diego. ...I Aug. 15. 11 am P!-r li
Chiikfit 'Humboldt ....;Aug. 10, 9 am! Pier 13
Coos Bay Newport Uug.l7. 9 amiPler n
Arcata ICoos Bay Aug. 17. in am; Pier 13
State of' Call Portland (Aug. IS. 10 anvPier 12
Curacao ...Mexico Aug. 18, 10 am! Pier 9
Cy Panama Panama |Aug.lS. li m PMSS
Orizaba ....IHumboldt .. .. ;Aug. IS, 10 am.Pier 9
Pomona ....San Diego !Aug. 19. 11 amjPier U
T-nmtilla ..IVlc & Pgt Sd-'Aug. 19. 10 am;Plor 9
Steamer.
j Destination.
Sails.
SHIPPIMi INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, August 12.
Stmr Laguna, Ericsson, 20 hours from Bear
Barbor. Ip river direct.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, SO hours from
"stmr Alliance, Hardwlck, 76 hours from Seat :
Stmr Sequoia, Thwlng, 4S hours from San
SOnr Jewel, Madsen, 48 hours from San Pc-
Stmr Newburg, Hansen, 44 hours from New-
Btmr Alcazar, Gunderson, 43 hours from Port
Stmr George Loomls. Brldgett, 33 hours from
Ventura. Up river direct.
Btmr Whltesboro, Johnson, 14 hours from
Greenwood.
Bktn Tarn o" Shanter, Patterson, 9 days from
Port LuiH"\v.
Schr Lillle and Mattle, Fosen, 30 hours from
Usal
Schr Mary Etta, Xyman, 30 hours from Bow
ens Landing. VARED
CLEARED.
Friday, August 12.
Stmr Leelanaw, Storrs, St Michael; Alaska
Exploration Co. _ _ _ . „
Stmr Homer, Jessen, Ban Pedro; Goodall,
Stmr Columbia, Green, Astoria; Oregon R &
N Stmr Samoa. Jahnsen. Seattle; E T Kruse.
Br ship British Isles, Stott, Tacoma; Balfour,
G Bk h t r n e s & O Castle. Hubbard, Honolulu; J D
SP sS??Cha* Lev* Woodbury. Delaney. Kadiak;
North American Commercial Company.
SAILED.
Friday, August 13.
Stmr Gipsy, Inland, Santa Cruz.
i^'sU^Burma^kScich Nanaimo.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwlng. Fort Bragg.
Btmr Greenwood. Fagerlund.
Ilmr 85» J Bsr*B££ Fort Brag,.
|^°k r »/o a rlcP^|3 r me:
Schr Mayflower. Olsen. CoqulUe Rr\ «£-
Schr Bender Bros. Wetzel, Bowens Landing.
Icnr ESS! RIS; Gray, Harbor.
Bchr Mabel Gray. Larsen, Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Aug. 12-10 p. m.-Weather^
foggy: wind. SW; velocity, 16 mile*. £f ,
CHARTERS.
The British Isles loads wheat at Tacoma for
Europe; Eulomene, wheat at Portland or Ta
coma for Europe. gpOKEN .
SPOKEN.
u iv 29-Lat 9S. long 26 W, ship Tlllle B
Sta"buck from Philadelphia, for Oregon.
July 11-Lat 55 S, ions 80 W. Nor bark Nord
lvset. from Leith. for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS..
Th , hr Mary Ann which arrived at St
Michael prior to July 7. reports on June 14. 5
days out from San Francisco, Thomas Morck.
one of the owners was lost overboard and
drowned. A boat was lowered, but could find
no trace of him. He was married and leaves
a widow and child residing In San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWN SEND— Arrived Aug 12— Schr
Emma C laudlna, from Kahulul.
SEATTLE— Aug 12— Stmr Noyo, frra
DUTCH c ' HARBOR— Arrived July 23-BarH
DUTCH HARBOR— Arrived July 25— Bark
Carrollton, from Nanaimo.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Aug 12— Stmr Aloha,
for San Francisco. . .
HUENEME— SaiIed Aug 12— Stmr Hueneme,
for San Francisco. -' "- --<" ".- ,■ v.-- .;
DUTCH HARBOR— Arrived July 25— Br ship
Llala, from Newcastle, NSW; brig Geneva,
from Seattle. „■
NEWPORT— SaiIed Aug Schr Lottie Car
son, for Eureka. •
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Aug 12— Schr Maid
of Orleans, h«nce July 20. ■ .
NEAH Passed Auk 12— Br ship Celtic
Chief, from Callao, 'or Victoria.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Aug 12— Stmr Aloha,
hence Aug 10.
TACOMA— Arrived Aug 12— Schr Peerless, fm
San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Aug 11— Schr
Maid of Orleans, hence July 20.
HUENEME— Arrived Aug Stmr Hueneme.
from Redondo. '-.r-:
VENTURA— Arrived Aug 12— Stmr Pasadena,
from San Pedro.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Aug 12-^Sciir Ami*
M Campbell, hence July 22. - M
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Aug 11— Stmr J
Sunol. for St Michael.
Arrived Aug 12— Schr Moonlight, from Kotit- .
bue Sound. :v" ; -
FORE. . PORTS.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed Aug 11— Br ship Earl .-«f
Dunmore, for Dublin. ■■ ■-
< TALCAHUANO— Sailed Aug 10— bark In
veramfsy. for Junin.
ANTWERP— Aug 10— Br ship Lord
Shaftesbury, from Portland. -.
Glenpark. from Fleetwood.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MANY YEARS
FOR MOFFETT
The Wife Slayer to End
His Days in Prison.
HIS 'INSANITY PLEA. FAILED
JUDGE HALL SAYS THE JURORS
WERE VERY LENIENT.
A New Trial Is Denied and the Mur
derer Is Sentenced to Twenty
k . four Years' Impris
sonment.
' Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
" : ' 90S Broadway, Aug. 12.
.'The plea of insanity in murder cases
]['. ;ti Alameda County received a severe
F.etbacfc'.tliis afternoon, when Joseph H.
■Moffe.;C who shot his wife some months
• ago-, "was' sentenced to twenty-four years
In- Sari'Quentin by Judge Hall. As Mof
.'•■•fetjt .re: now in his sixty-first year, the
'punishment for his crime is practically
:a life sentence.
:7-if-3#otfeJtt was convicted of murder in the
'-. "-second degree last week after a very hard
fight had, been made to support a plea of
.■' Insanity.- The case was handled by At
" -torney .-Prick on behalf of Moffett, and
ex- Mayor Chapman was a very impor
tant' witness, as he had known Moffett
-.tor some years, and he believed that for
' iome .-time before the murder Moffett was
insane. •
■In passing sentence Judge Hall said he
had no sympathy . with the plea of in
' ■ Banuv upon which the defense was based.
'- • He Intimated that the jury would have
•' been Justified in bringing in a more se
: vere .verdict, and MUd that the jurors
■were lenient with the prisoner.
. . The" lightest sentence in such cases is
• ' ten • years' imprisonment, and the limit
'". Incarceration for life. In commenting on
•■ • tire case,-, the court said that it consid
•"• ererl. : Moffett deserving of a sentence of
■ •■ 'hty-'four years.
!"••■■. Attorney Frlck moved for a new trial,
■ -. basing his argument upon errors of law
' ■ •madeTjy the court and mistakes in charg
ing •'" the Jury. But the motion was
•promptly denied. • •■<"■ '
= ■Moffett lived with his wife and step
.-,. fighter .on San Pablo avenue, and was
•-*.- frequently away in the country for long
••' peftodp.- He was extremely jealous of
" ..'his " wife r «Lnd had several quarrels with
• • .her., t.hp. last one on the night preceding
'• •■ .the .'. murder. The following morning,
■^without •provocation, so far as is known,
' VJie."SJkOt- his' wife fatally and then at
. .tempted to. commit suicide. His consti
• : tvitlo'n.!"is not vigorous, and it is not con
.. aidered' likely that he will live to serve
','.- ■'■.out Mis sehtence.
:.;.._'• ELMHX7RST IS ACTIVE.
Talk of Establishing a Shoe Factory
in the Suburban Town — A Flag
" •'.. Raising Next Sunday.
■AK'T.AXI'. Aug. 12.— The Elmhurst Im
ftment Club has just completed a very
•Wful nix months and Is about to pub
smn)l circular which will show the
matters it has attended to in the
fnlty. The club has a membership
I -live.
- Next Sunday the beautiful flag donated
oy Jacob Hevman will be raised with pro
per- ceremonies and address on the Alvln
SUTRO'S WILL
CRITICIZED
L Trust Clause Said to Be
■■"•': . \ Illegal.
HALF THE HEIRS ARE DEAD
CITY HAS A VALID CLAIM ON
THE LIBRARY.
Belief Is General That the Dead
Millionaire Left a Later Tes
tament Than That of
1882.
The ;flnal disposition of the estate of
the late Adolph Sutro will be awaited
with intense interest by the public as
' "well as by the heirs. That this docu
ment of May 22, 1882, is his last will is a j
matter of doubt, but a later document
has not yet been found. Mr. Sutro re
peatedly announced, publicly and in priv
:. ate,- that he Intended to give his mag
nificent library and the Heights, to the
city, and when the board of regents ac- ]
cepted the site for the Affiliated Colleges j
. it was- stipulated in writing that. Sutro
should erect a building on the adjacent
4nd and establish the library there. In
the opinion' of many eminent attorneys
this agreement 1b a valid claim on the
■ • estate, of the dead millionaire.
• Many persona who were more or less
Intimate .with Mr. Sutro express a belief
.: that he : made a will in recent years, or
\t not -a' will that somewhere among his
•'.- papers- jvllj- be found elaborate memor
•-'linda-itilfectinK. the disposition of his es
'. tfue.. ■ . ■
•' • ' Unless a new will is found the docu
. .ment -dited May 22, 1882, will, of course,
be offered- for probate. But it will not
". sta-nd. -■• In the first place, the trust
clause, viii/jvr the Supreme Court decision
In the Walkerley case, is invalid. In the
second-; . executing the will the
-. decedent's relations with the beneficiar
' ,-le's. named underwent great changes and
.- -new ties,- which created claims on the
■' estate were formed, if Mrs. Kluge's story
. 'is true- Attorneys for the heirs have
' .-already announced that the will will be
: ' 'con-tested and that a distribution, under
'-■ -the statutes, is sure to follow.
■ ' Another Interesting phase of the mat
; . ter Ib. that over half the persons named
. In the will which was read the other day
are dead.
Mrs. Kluge, who says she is the widow
of Mr: SMtrw, Is out of the city, and
. ' whether or not she has anything tangible
' w"ith which to establish the validity of
' her claim is known only to herself and I
her- attorney, Van R. Paterson. Judge
Paterson left the city yesterday after
noon to consult with his client. Mrs.
' Kluge has stated on one or two occa
'•"• slons that she knew she and her two
' children " would be provided for in Mr.
■Sutro'.s will. Her attorney says she will
■fiave no difficulty in proving thai Sutro
- was tho father of the children, and that
: he had frequently acknowledged his re
i latlonshlp to them. '
'"* Whether a new will is found or not,
. -Mrs. Kluge- win make a demand for a
share In the estate and will carry the
fight to the courts if her claims are not
recognized and satisJled.
' • -Josr-ph Moore, who was Mr. Sutro h le
gal' adviser for years and also a witness
• to Uie will of 1882, says he does not know
of the existence of a later one. although
• -Sutro may have ma4e a new one. Elliott
tract and an effort is being made to have
several companies from Camp Barrett
prasent to make the affair a memorable
one in the history of Klmhurst. There is
a movement on foot among Elmhurst res
idents to establish a boot and shoe fac
tory in their midst and a canvass is now
being made among the wealthier people.
THE PRIMARIES.
Two Tickets in the Field— Candidates
Repudiate One.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 12.— There wilt be two
tickets In the primary election to be held in
this city to-morrow. One is headed "Un
pledged Ticket, Preferring: the Alameda County
Candidate for Governor Who Shows the Great
est Strength." The names on it are as fol
low?: Henry Sevenlng, Ralph liamlin. J. L.
Ballentine, J. B. Lanktree, Henry Tank, P. S.
Telle, C. L. Tiedale, George Britt, J. C.
Bates Jr.. \Y. R. Snow, H. W. Meek, B. D.
Gray, W\ F. Lynch, Egbert Stone, Hugh Dl
mond.
The other ticket is headed "For Governor,
William R. Davis," and the names are as fol
lows: J. A. Itemmel, W. W. Haskell, G. A.
Bordwell, Edw. Houston. D. T. Hard. H. J.
Van Voorhles. Fritz Boehmer, W. H. Davis,
E. D. Judd. A. Lorsbach. J. K. Jeffress. Frank
Storer, Harry T. Smyth, Socrates Huff.
Two of the centlemen whose names are on
this ticket, E. D. Judd, a prominent real es
tate man. and W. W. Haskell. the Travelers'
Insurance agent, are out in the evening paper
With emphatic denials of their candidacy, and
assert positively that their names were used
without their consent. Mr. Haskell says that
he will support the unpledged ticket and he
wants his friends to do the same. A great
deal of work Is being done and a warm time is
expected at the primaries. As the polls will be
open till S o'clock in order to accommodate
San Francisco business men. it is expected
there will be a full vote polled.
Cheeseman in Court.
OAKLAND, Aug. 12.— Frank H. Cheese
i man, the murderer of Henry Brooke, was
i arraigned in the Police Court to-day. He
: was as insolent as ever, and would not
remove his hat until notified by Bailiff
Mitchell. His mother sat beside aim, und
! seemed as distressed as her son was in
different.
The complaint sworn to by Miss Etta
■ Payne was read to th*> prisoner, and he
i sat down without saying a word. Attor
j ney T. F. Garrity appeared as his Counsel,
: and the case was continued to next Mon
! day afternoon to be set. Prosecuting At
! torney Melvln stated that the complaining
witness was still in the hospital and
i would not be able to appear for some
i days.
Red Cross at West Berkeley.
BERKELEY. Aug. 12— The junior branch of
the Red Cross Society, known as Sampson Par
lor, is making active preparations for an en
tertainment to bo given in the near future. The
girls will present a wand drill, while the boys
are preparing a clever military drill. About
seventy children will take part in the affair.
Berkeley Democratic Delegates.
BERKELEY, Aug. 12.— The local Democrats
met in Golden Sheaf Hall last night to eleot
delegates to the State convention to be held at
Sacramento on the 16th. The selection was by
club vote, and resulted in the choice of Dan
Mftdden. John E. Bennett and James O'Neil.
Resolutions were adopted instructing the dele
gates to vote for Maguire. C. F. Gilmartln
acted as chairman and Clyde E. Abbott as
secretary.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Aug. 12.— Berkeley High
I School publication, the Olla Podrida, will make
i Its appearance on next Wednesday. Editor Ar
thur Lowell has announced his staff as follows:
Miss Burgess, '99, exchange editor; Miss Leslie
Trowbridge, '99, alumni editor; and Allen Ca
ven, '99. athletic editor, i
Howard Sheridan, son of Phil Sheridan, has
returned to his home on Harmon street, where
he is suffering with an attack of diphtheria.
Mr. Sheridan had enlisted in the hospital corps
and expected to sail with the next expedition.
The regular monthly meeting of the First
i Presbyterian Sunday School teachers was held
I last evening at the home of Mr. and Mrs. J. W.
' Richards. The following committee was ap
pointed to arrange for rally day on the second
■ Sunday in September: Mrs. William Cowper-
I thwaite. Mips Kittle Dobbins, William Hath
'■■ away and William Kaye.
Professor L. Dupont .Syle has returned to
i Berkeley after an extended trip throughout. the
. East. He spent three weeks, in New York City,
i after which he delivered an address before the
Chautauqua Society 'atCbantauqua, N. V.
Word has reached Berkeley that N. G. Gui
berson, the giant sophomore who won both the
; shot put and hammer throw in the spring
games, and who was counted on as a leading
football man. will not return to college this
I year. This will be a serious loss to the 'var
i sity team. .» . •
Moore, Joseph's brother, was the only
man who ever had Sutro's implicit conn- |
dence. He was Mr. Butro's lawyer during
the long fight over the tunnel under the
ComFtock lode, and they became warm
I friends. Some years ago Elliott Moore
broke down mentally and his brother took
! charge of Mr. Sutro's legal business. Jo
i seph Moore says the dead millionaire
, often declared his intention to make a
will, but he never informed his attorney
that he had carried. out his intention*.
Mr. Moore expressed an opinion that the
will which has been made public would
be set aside, as It clearly came under the
decision ■ by the Supreme Court which de
clare against trust devises.
Two gentlemen who formerly acted as
private secretaries for Mr. Sutro and who
were necessarily familiar with his busi
ness affairs are of the opinion that, he
made a will within the last five years and
that it will be found in a few days, when
the dead man's papers are . looked over.
These gentlemen further state that Mr.
Sutro was not at all liable to take any
I one into his confidence. He was a bit sen-
I sitive on the subject of wills, and, al
' though he occasionally mentioned the
topic it was usually in reference to some
one else.
Since 1882 the value of the estate has
more than doubled. Mr. Sutro spent large
sums of money in improving his property
and after writing the will he also secured
the thousands of priceless volumes which
constitute one of the greatest libraries in
America. ■
When examination of title to the cele
brated Sutro library comes to be closely
examined it will be found resting in the
hands of the Regents of the University of
California. That seems to be the opinion
of the board and it is a known fact that
Governor Budd does not entertain any
other view of the case. Speaking of the
subject yesterday the Governor remarked
that the buildings of the Affiliated Col
leges were erected on the Sutro tract on
j the condition that the land and library
I should be given to the- university.- In the
deed the library is not mentioned, but the
proposition made by Mr. Sutro to convey
the library was given In writing and was
never recalled. All through the long ne
gotiations preliminary to the selection of
a permanent site the value of the Sutro
library was discussed by the regents. Mr.
\ Sutro s Intention to transfer the library
to the university was expressed orally
and in w 'ting and so often expressed that
the reg* s had no doubt of the donor'
intentions. .' v -
WHERE CATS ABOUND
WITH YOWL TERRIFIC
FELINES MAY SEVER A LONG
STANDING FRIENDSHIP.
District Attorney Foote's Pets In
crease, Multiply, Wail Nocturn
ally and Rob the World
of Rest and Joy.
United States District Attorney Foote
now goes about with an air of distraction
added to his usual dignity. Occasionally
he may be observed to take a sudden
start, and to ejaculate "scat." Mr. Foote
is haunted. Gaunt felines ever arch their
backs before his excited imagination, in
his ears ring the yowl of the fence-walk
ing Tom. and all about him the air seems
tilled with floating hair. He has dreams
of kittens, single or in litters. Phantom
pussie6 cavort upon hia chest as he slum
bers. The case is a melancholy one.
For a time Mr. Foote lived out on Green
street, and a trio of cats adopted him.
They fed in his back yard, and behaved
themselves In a manner altogether seem
ly. The Barclay Henley family lived next
door, and while they were aware of the
cats, no trouble ever resulted, until the
Footeß moved away and began living at
a hotel. To take the cats to the new
abode was impracticable. They were left
behind, forgot their manners, and began
to Increase and multiply. Soon the vicin
ity was alive with cats. Some had U-.:n
born there and others were wooed from
a distance by the song of the assembled
force of cats. The three grew to a crowd,
and the crowd to a multitude like the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 13, 1898.
CONFIDENT OF
ITS SUCCESS
Lake Merritt Measure
Comes Up Monday.
MANY VOTES IN ITS FAVOR
COUNCIL URGED TO PROVIDE
IMMEDIATE RELIEF.
Rev. Father McNally Believes That
an Issue of Bonds Would Be
a Proper Pro
ceeding.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway , Aug. 12.
Next Monday night the City Council
will deal with the most important meas
ure it has taken up during its term of
office. The ordinance providing for the
Improvement of Lake Merritt, Cemetery
Creek and the adjacent sewers will be up
for passage. The wealthiest and most
influential citizens of Oakland have allied
themselves together for the (rxpr^essod
purpose of bringing about this improve
ment. The Lake Merritt Sanitary Im
provement Club is now doing everything
possible to secure the passage of the or
dinance.
At a conference with the Ordinance and
Judiciary Committee of the City Council
there appeared before it Captain Edwin
Goodall, Rev. Father McNally, A. Schil
ling, Hugh Craig, Captain Mem, Thomas
Crellin, James k>. Moffltt, Colonel Ed
wards, Ira Bishop. Edson Adams, Charles
Yale and several others. They endeavored
to impress upon the Council the necessity
from a sanitary point of view of carry
ing out the improvements outlined In the
ordinance.
Auditor Snow declares that the lake is
a nuisance and a menace, and the condi
tion of the treasury and financial facts
should not be taken as an argument
against the work. To carry out the im
provement this rear would require a levy
of $1 37. To make it in two years would
require $1 27. At present the rate is
$1 12.
Rev. J. B. McNally is heartily in favor
of the improvement, and thought it should
be made at once, for by dredging the lake
now it was simply doing a part of the
work which must be done in the future.
If a place were wanted to dump the
refuse from the lake he said there were
still some marahes In West Oakland that
should be filled in. He wanted the city
to issue bonds for a systematic sewer sys
tem, and from what he saw and knew
Lake Merrit must be dredged right away.
Ira Bishop, who is superintendent of the
street car lines owned by the
Rc-alty Syndicate, declares that his com
pany paid a large amount of taxes and
that it has not applied for a reduction of
$50,000, which was granted last year, sim
ply because they wish to show public
sij'irit and a willingness to contribute a
share to public improvements.
There i 6 some doubt regarding the man
ner of obtaining the money to make the
improvements, but all agree that if the
ordinance be passed the money will be
forthcoming. Chairman Brosnahan of
the Council committee has promised that
If tNi'r>- be a full Council next Monday
night he WiH <-"-U the matter up and have
it settled at once.
The Jones Divorce.
OAKLAND, Aug. 12.— Judge Ogden has
entered a minute order referring the di
SERGEANT MAURICE JUSTH
His Last Photograph Cherished as a Sad
Souvenir by Miss Carrie Benedict.
JUST before his departure for Manila Sergeant Maurice Justh, of
Company A, First California, presented his photograph to his friend
Miss Carrie Benedict, with whom he had long been acquainted.
This photograph was the laßt one he had taken and is a very cor
rect likeness of the hero, who has given his life for his country's cause.
It is cherished by Miss Benedict as a sad souvenir of the young man
Bhe so highly esteemed.
sands of the sea for number. The Hen
leys didn't like it. They endured it for a
time and then complained to the Society
for Prevention of Cruelty to Cats. The
secretary of this benign organization sent
word to Foote. "Say," he faid, "did you
know that you left a thousand cats out
there and that they are starving so nois
ily as to rob the world of rest? Go out
and harvest a few or I will be forced to
clap you in a jail. or something."
Foote was angry. In hia business of not
bringing Wells-Fargu to terms he was so
engrossed that he hated to be disturbed.
"I'll go out this evening and settle
them," he said. He went out He had
expected to see three or four cats added
to the small colony he had deserted. But
the place was full of them. There they
were in countless array— black, gray,
Maltese, parti-colored, created male nnd
female, each singing the song of its kind.
Foote was nonplussed. He had intended
to murder a cat or two as a warning, but
vorce suit of Gertrude Kellogg Jones
against E. Norwood Jones to Court Com
missioner Babcock. All the testimony is
in the form of depositions and will take
some days for the Court Commissioner to
look over. The suit is brought on the
ground of alleged unfaithfulness of her
husband, who, it is alleged, was one of
the associates of Annie Johnson, who died
under suspicious circumstances in Janu
ary, 1897.
AN APPEAL TO THE HENS.
Red Cross Ladies Are Anxious for
Eggs for the Scandia's Soldiers.
OAKLAND, Aug. 12.— The ladies of the
emergency committee of the Red Croßs
have issued the following:
To the Shanghais, Bantams. Leghorn*, Ply
mouth Rocks, Cochin Chinas, et cetera. Old
Henß Young Hens, Middle-aged Hens! At-
tention!
The Scandia will sail in a few days bearing
more than 1700 of our soldier boys to Manila.
Eggs are in great demand. Every soldier on
the Scandia is to have In his luncheon pre
pared by the Red Cross ladies of Alameda
County two beautifully fresh, hard-boiled
eggs Here is your chance to show your pa
triotism and devotion to the country that has
raised you.
Nothing is so much needed now as eggs,
eggs, dozens of eggs! hundreds of eggs'. Yes,
thousands of eggs!
You are hereby called upon to exert your
selves and to act.
Woe betide the young gluttons devoted to
distending their gizzards and fattening their
bones. Eight hundred of such are to be sac
rificed. A committee having this matter in
charge at 122S Broadway Is preparing to give
a warm reception to eight hundred young and
lazy pullPts. Let them be brought for sacri
fice and given over to the committee dressed
and ready for the pot early next week.
But as to the industrious, earnest, patriotic
hens of Alameda County It remains for them to
do their full duty and every honest hen is
urged to daily and promptly do her laying and
lay her doing as an offering to the Red Cross
ladles, who, in preparing 1800 luncheons, call
for 300 dozen of fresh laid eggs.
Please notice and attend strictly to business.
CHILD DIES OF INJURIES.
Little Louis Adermatt Played on a
Freight Car at West Oakland.
OAKLAND, Aug. 12.— Louis F. Ader- !
matt, a bright little boy, 7 years old, was \
playing among the trains at the West
Oakland yard yesterday afternoon with
hifl brother. Louis fell under a car, the i
wheels passed over him and early this
morning he died.
The two !>oys were amusing themselves
on Cedar street, and were taking a ride j
on the caboose of a freight train, stand- !
ing on the step. Louis missed his footing
and slipped in front of the wheel. His i
brother caught him as he was falling, r>ut !
was unable to keep his body entirely free -
of the track. The wheels passed over i
one leg, whifh was afterward ampu
tated. The shock to the little fellow's
constitution proved too great, and he suc
cumbed early this morning.
Prospective Railroad Change.
OAKLAND, Aus- 12.— 1t is announced :
that a petition will be presented at the I
next City Council meeting for -ermis
sicn to substitute electricity for the cable i
system now in use on the San Pablo eve- !
nue and Broadway line. If granted this |
is believed to be a forerunner of an entire
change in the Southern Pacific Company's
local passenger service — one which is sup- i
posed to include the substitution of elec
tricity for steam as a motive power on
the entire system, including Alameda and
Berkeley roads, the narrow gauge' and
the Seventh street lines.
Red Cross Meeting.
OAKLAND, Auk 12.— A public meeting
of the Red Cross Society will be held next
Monday evening at the Unitarian church,
Fourteenth and Castro streets. Judge
Joseph Sheldon, representing the Ameri
can National Red Cross, will Rive an ad
dress. Music will be rendered by a quar
tet from the Eighth Regiment.
Said to Have Shot at a Girl.
OAKLAND. Aug. 12.— Ben Tnwne, a
yoitng man of West Oakland,- is on tne
small book and In a cell. He was arrested
two nights ago by officer!* who heard a
shot, and they were told he had attempt
ed to kill a woman with whom he was
keeping company. The police are trying
to find the woman so that she can swear
to a warant. •■-:•;
was not prepared for a wholesale busi
ness. He might as well have attempted
to murder the gnats on the park drive. In
despair he dropped his club. "I'll got out
an injunction," he said.
Meanwhile the Henleys lie awake o1o 1
nights, listening to the cnorus which
drives sleep and pious thought away, and
wondering how they can wreak ven
feance on the Footes and the Foote cats,
'oote is finding consolation in the
thought that a cat Is not property, but a
mere wild beast, for whose conduct no
citizen can justly be held responsible.
For Cruelty and Intemperance.
OAKLAND, Aug. 12.— Johanna Conway,
through her attorneys, H. Pulclver and J.
E. Mcßlroy, has filed a divorce suit
against Thomas Conway. on the ground of
cruelty and habitual intemperance. The
parties were married in August, 1897. De
fendant owns Oakland property valued
IS TIRED OF
HIS OFFICE
Coroner Baldwin Makes
a Plain Statement.
INQUESTS ARE SUPPRESSED
PRIVATE PARLORS ARE NOT
DESIRABLE MORGUES.
Oakland Should Have a Public In
stitution Similar to That
Provided in San Fran
cisco.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 12.
Coroner Baldwin has announced that he
is so disgusted with his office that under
no consideration would he acoept another
term. Dr. Baldwin went into the office
with the belief that the last Legislature
would so fix matters that a proper public
Morgue would be established in this
county. Such a move was not taken, and
under the existing law the county can
build a morgue but cannot appropriate
one cent for its maintenance.
Dr. Baldwin is the first medical man
who has held the office in this county, and
after nearly four years of experience he
says he is convinced that the Coroner
should be a medical man and thaW.the
office should be conducted on the same
principles as the San Francisco Morgue.
"1 am convinced," said Coroner Baldwin
to-day, "that sLnce I have taken office
many cases that should have been the
subject of an Inquest have been sup
pressed. One case occurred not long
ago where a man was run over and died
at the county, infirmary. Not until after
he was buried did the case come to my
notice, and then I had to have the body
disinterred. If ever there were a dry
needing a proyerly equipped morgue, it
is Oakland. With so many train acci
dents, it is not right to have to drag
along the way we do. The various un
dertakers who have made morgues of
their private parlors have done very well,
considering that there is no morgue. At
the same time thero has been In some
instances much unseemly competition be
tween undertakers in this connection, and
I have no doubt that some cases have
been kept from becoming public in this
county by undertakers because they
feared that taking the body to the
morgue might lose them some custom.
From a commercial point of view, they
cannot be blamed, but it is a disgraceful
conditions of affairs in a city the size of
Oakland.
"After I took office I consulted with
Deputy District Attorney Lin Church, as
to the proper steps to be taken to es
tablish a morgue. Mr. Church looked
up the law and found that it is legal
for the Supervisors to establish a morgue,
but there is no way in which they can
provide for maintaining the nee
wagons or deputies, because such action
on their part would be practically an in
crease or the salary of a county officer.
Should thf-rr- be a consolidation of the
city and county the matter would then
come under the same law as that gov
erning San Francisco, and a proper
morgue could be maintained. Very nat
urally much business goes to the under
taker who supplies the morgue for tnV
time being, and this of course creates
much competition, for no other under
taker likes to send his cases to a rival
undertaker, even though the latter Is the
Coroner's headquarters, and this is not
a dignified situation for a large city to be
placed in."
at $2000. The plaintiff asks for permanent
alimony for her support and chat said
aw ir«l be a lien on defendant's realty; she
also asks for counsel fees and costs.
CAR FARES MUST REMAIN.
City and County Attorney Creswell be
lieves the ordinance recently introduced
by Supervisor Clinton "regulating the fare
to be charged by street railroad com
panies during certain hours of the day
would not' have any force or effect. He
1b of the opinion that such a law would
be invalid because of the legal status of
the question.
As a consequence of City Attorney Cres
well'a opinion it is believed that when the
ordinance comes up for consideration
Monday next action on it will be Indefi
nitely postponed.
The Ohio Society.
A larpe and enthusiastic meeting: of the
Ohio Society of California was held last
nljfm at Mystic Hall. William H. Jor
dan. Charles C. Wadsworth, M.D., F. C.
Bfreartagton and  ames H. Robinson were
elected to membership, making a total of
forty-four new men;bers within the last
three months. It was expected that H.
C. Van Voorhls, Congressman from the
Fifteenth District of the State of Ohio,
now sojourning in this State, would be
present, but circumstances necessitated
his departure from the city and he sent
his regrets. Eloquent and timely ad
dropses were made by Colonel John P.
Jackson. \V. B. Wilshire, Ellmore E. Ew
ing. Henry b. Tickner. J. M. Lonj?. J. T.
Whitten. Dorsan Nichols and others, and
an altogether enjoyable evening was
spent.
Alameda News Items.
AL.AMEDA. Aug. 12— Daniel Swett, an old
resident of Bay Farm Island, and well known
In San Francisco business circles, riled last
evening, asred "2 years. He was a native of
New Hampshire, but had lived In California
the better part of hid life. His funeral will
take place Sundny from the Unitarian Church.
Iv,ttle Interest was taken in the Democratic
primaries yesterday, and there was no oppo
sition to the nominees selected by the club.
The delegates arc M. F. Torpey, T. C. Stod
darl. F. S. Crandall. F. W. Voogt and John
Halton. I-*Bs than a third of the normal Demo
cratic vote was polled.
Why is a man always shy about
making: bold assertions when his wife
Is present?
V"^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jL^ 625 KEABNT ST. Established
•STnlraMl '" * S3 * or tlje treatment of Private
fglijb^^wrar Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
aOii^KHAKM'ST. Established
A In 1534 for the treatment of Private
If lilseaars, Lost Manhood. Debllltr or
Adi^enne wearing on body and mind and
9 Skin Diseases. Tbedoctorcureswhen
tNs£ft^M#ra<>t!)oisi&ll. Try him. C'hurges low.
IS <»ire»«;unrsiulrr«l. Cajlorwrito.
War. J i r. uinBOX, Vox. 1057, Saa Francisco.
. i OCEAN TBAVEL.
I* fa Auckland for Sydney
M i-«— « v.* Wednesday, - September
PHBMMBA at 2 p. m. MOANA
niiH viil Honolulu and
["C" 1311 * Auckland for Sydney
M"■ . Wctlneaday, September
SfMflNllDft) Llne to COOLOAR-
QjlCtlllDllll/ DIE, Australia, and
/SfnR7)nU,CAPE TOWN, South
VyiIIJJUIWI A frica.
J. D. SPRECICELS BROS. CO., Agents,
■ 114 Montgomery st. ■
Freight office— 327 Market St., San Francisco.
j Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
■ French Line to Havre. :
I Company's pier (new*, 42 North r TV-it
River, toot of Morton St. Travelers <j*O^»
by* this -line avoid both transit by uTWM'ii
English' railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New • Tork ■to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class,- $140:
second class, 1116. .-■ ■ • :.,■■■
LA NORMANDIE ...Aug. 20. 10 a. m.
LA OASCOGNE ........Aug. 27, 10 a m.
LA TOURAIWE ..Sept. 3, 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE .............Sept. 10, 10 a. m.
LA NAVARRE ..;.....; ..Sept. 17. 10 a. m.
For further partlcula-B apply to .
COMPAONIE GENERALE TRANPATLAN-
I TIQUE. Agent, • " _
" No. 3 .Bowling Green, New York.
. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
aye., San Franciso* =,■, ■ . ■ .^y^
OCEAN TKAVfX.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Ijl,^ Steamers leave Broadway
yjJVw^- wharf. Pan Francisco:
BBi^B^ ' For Alasl ports. 10 a. m
HpfgßjHfc August 4. 9. 14, 19. 24. 79, Sept 3,
l*\ jLWS . transfer at Seattle.
BW&2^sßl' For- Alaskan ports (from
flay^Z^«ffiHl Spear-street ivharO. 10 a. m..
li^s|j jfl Augrust 3. 23. transfer at Port-
• "^"' For Victr i, Vancouver, (B.
C > Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett.
Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
m August 4, 9. 14. . 19. 24. 29. Sept 3. and every
fifth day thereafter, c necting at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
By" at Tacoma wit. N. P. Ity.. at Vancouver
sy xy T*V
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m. Auk.
6. 12, 18, 24, 30. Sept 5 and every sixth day
tl Fo ( r aft Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cavucos Port Harford. (San Luis Ohispo).
Gavlota, Santa Barbara, Ventura \ Hueneme
Ban Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., Auk. 1, 5, 9. 13, 17. 21, Zs, 29,
Sept 2 and every fourth day thereafter. _
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo) Santß Barbara, Port
"Fo?" Fo ? gs&i:r Msssffi B ay . s W)J o« M
Cabo, Mazatlan. Alteta. La Pu, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 18th of
* For further Information obtain folder. ■' ':
The company reserves the right to cnanr*
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
ar^ hnilrp nt fialllnir. . - ■' " .
fICKKT OFFICE— New Montgomery
■ t £SSISSr™SIU * CO:. Oej^Agts. i
10. Market st San FrancißCo.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
| DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including: Berths
rAuL. $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: ' •
Columbia Aug. 3, 13, 23. Sept. 2
State of California. July 30, Aug. 8, IS, 2S, Sept. 7
gt Paul $16 00] St. Louis ........ $32 00
Kansas City .... 26 00 1 Chicago 24 00
Omaha 26 00' New York 3100
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
■ Steamer "Monticello."
Man., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays :.. 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays ....10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
" Landing and — MUslon Dock, Pier 8.
Telephone Red 2241.
BAILEOAD TBAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m., 12:35,
3:30, 6:10 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip,
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:6»
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:SO, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:8* 8:30.
: B:OC, «:20 p. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
■ WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:30, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
8:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
! SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40,
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
| same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
i June 29, ■
"Week I Sun- 1898. Sun- I Week
Days. I days. Destination. days. | Pays.
7-30 am; 8:00 ami >:>vato, 10:40 am B:4oam
8:30 pm 9:30 ami Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
B :10 pm; 5:00 pm] Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
S:33pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35pm 6:22pm
~7-30am| i Hopland and I [10:25 am
S:3opm| 8:00am| Ukiah. | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Tlioam 110:25 am
8:00 am Querneville. 7:35 pm
8:80pm I B:22pm
7:10 am 8:00 am Sonoma. 110:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. [6:10 pm 6:22 pm
f:»aOJ| 8:00 ami Sebastopol. 110:40 am! 10:2:. am
B:Sopm| s:oopm] I 7:35 pm! 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
1 eervllle for Skaegs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
I Highland SpriUKS, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Sprints, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
I Sprlnss; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Pell Lake. Upper
Lake, Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's, Rlver-
i glde Llerleys, Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights,
' Hullvllle, Boonevirie. Orr'3 Hot Springs, Men-
doolno City, Fort Braes, Westport, UmL .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bid*.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RTAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gon. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST HAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO,
Every Day Pullmnn Palace Sleeping Cara
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Vollowlnfc Time:
Jjea.v» BanFranciBCC.4:3o p. m.. S.M.T.W.T.F.B.
Arrive Denver 5:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City. .7:00 a. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W. .
Arrive St. Louis 8:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W. ;
Arrlv* Chicago 9:00 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
gerve Superior Meals at Very Reason*
able Rates.
you WILL BE COMFORTABLE
If You Travel on the Santa Fe.
m FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE — S2B MARKET ST,
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Saoramanto Offioe— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Clara St. •
A stenographer for a large law firm in Boston had a rather
common experience : "My work," 6he said, "is very nervous and ex-
acting, and^ I used to leave the office utterly exhausted. At night I
would often have the most horrible dreams, and sometimes wake up in
a cold sweat. Once I found myself sitting bolt upright in bed clutch-
ing the bed clothes frantically with both hands. I became so dis-
heartened that I finally told my employer I must give up my position,
but he laughed, and said he wanted me to stay, and then suggested
that I try his remedy for such troubles. He gave me half a dozen
Ripans Tabules and told me to take one after dinner and another
before going to bed. I did so, and rested better that very night
Now, whenever I feel nervous, I take just one Tabule before retiring
and I sleep right through till morning, and get up thoroughly rested
and ready for business. For a sleep-producer and a auieter of tbt
fterves, these Tabules are simply wonderful*
bailboai) TRAVEL. _
MOUTIIKItV rAiini; COMJPAHT.
' (PACirlO KHti«*.) '
Trulua leuv« Mn«l ar« tin* »o mrrlve •>•
HAS rilAM4'l«:«.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
ocate — From Jplt 10. 1898. — akriv«
* G : i) a Niles. San Jose and Way Stations . . . 15 A
7tOttA Kenleia, Suisun »nd Sacramento.... 10:-»oa
7:««a Maryßrllle, Ororille and Redding Tla _
Woodland — V
7iOOa Klmira, Vacavllle and Rum»ey Srtar
7:3i»a Martinez. San Ramon, Vallejo. Napa,
CalUtoga and Santa Rosa i\J2'
9:OOa Atlantic Express, Ogden and Ka»t.. » ! « a '
»i:h>a .Shu Jose, Stockton, Valley Spring, .
lone, 3acramento, Maryarille,
Chico, Tehama and Red 81u1t.... £«•»*
Stun* Peters, Oakdale and Jamestown.... ?•'••,'
•«:»Oa Milton • «7la*»
I>t«>«A New Orleans Kipress. Merced, Ties- . .
no, HakersQeia. Santa Barltara,
I*« Angeles, Uemlt.(f, El Paso,- j ■'•■
New Orleans and K»«t «i4»f
IO:OOa Valkjo, Martinez and Way Stations Ti43p
M:OOi- Sacramento Hl»er SteHi>i«re *»sOOp
Sau Jose, Niles and Way Stations... t«s ' »*
SiOUp Llvfrmur-j. Mendota, Hanford and .
Vl»au>., v v 4:13*
LiTermcre, San Jose. Niles and Way
Stations..... tU>»ls*.
«:»0r Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo . .
Napa, Callstoga, 151 Verano and
5aiiUK05a.......*.........^..;... -•«»«»*
4:O4>p Benicia, VaoaTille, Woodland, --^-r
Knights Landing, MarjriTlUe, Oro-
' Tllle and Sacramento i IO:4«A
4:30p Nllea, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton 7:1 »p
* :30p Stockton and Lodi 1*:15»
4:301- Latbrop, Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
1 :;'»: ;'» MojaYe, Santa Barbara and I.os '->'
'Annies.-; TI4»A
4>3opMartiuez. Merced (Raymond for
. . Yoaomite) and Freguo I»xlsf
4i'4Or Sauta K« Route, Atlantic. Uzpreas . . -
» for Moja»o ami Kut ' 6:4»F
6:O«»r i:iirui>eau Mail, Ogden and Kast.... 9i43a
•O:4H»r Vallejo 12:13r
«H)i»i- ll.iyivnr.lr.. Kilraanil San Jose 7:15 a
J7:OOi> Vallejo, Port Co»ta and Way Sta-
tions J«j4:»*
ttiOOp Oregon Kxi>ress,Bacraui9i>to. Marys-
Tlllo, ftf.l.linir, I'ort.aiKl, l'ugct
■Soi-:;,I anil Kaat gtltt A.
ISA.N LKA.NOUM AMI H*VWAKI»S LOCAL.
- > (Foot ot Market Street.)
1 ilolrnx*. Srmluarjr Park, 7 7iTSI
8:00 a Kltchhurir, Klmfiurst, : i2*
iHoa SMl.eai.,lro. Souths;. J^g*
!I2:<»Om ' Loremo, Cherry • tit4Sr
tU:OOp and l*-AHr
SiOOp Hajnards. (St4Br
":OOp < Buns through to Nile*. 7i4Sr
) t From Nlles. I
COAST IHVISWN (Snrroir Gauge). *
(Foot of Market Street.)
t?:4SA Santa Crux Kxcunion, Santa Crus
and Principal Way Stations J»iO8»
8:13 a Newark, Centervllle, San Jose.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations siBol
•SilSr Newark, CeDterrille, San Jose, New
Almaden. Felton, Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations MOißwa
4:1 San Jose. Gtenwood * Way Stations 0:20 a
q4:l ttp Boulder Creek and Santa Cm* jl>:2OA
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SAM FiUKISCO— Fool or Mtrkit Street (Slip 8)—
*7:16 9:00 11:00*. ' 11:00 *3:09 t3:00
•4:00 tS:OO •6:00 p.m.
fromOilLiHD— Br«>4w»T.-- "8.-00 8:00 10:00*. U.
na:00 '1:00 ta:OO *3:00 t4:00 »B:QQr.ii.
COAST lUVISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Townsend Stg.)
•7:OOa Sail Jose ami Way Stations (New
Alinadeu Wedneadays'ouly) IlBO*
17:30 a Sunday Excursion (or Ban Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grate and
<- Principal Way Stations.. J8«a»)P
BtOOA Han .lone. Tie* linos, Santa Cruz, |
.V^ ■ . Pacllic Grore, Paso Rubles, San
l^iiis Olilspo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4»1»P
IO:4Oa Sail Jose ami Way Stations «8:«0a
11:3Oa San Jose aud Way Stations *SiB3a
*a:43r San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara* Baii .line,
Gllroy. Hollister. Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey aud Pacific
Grave »IOi8«A
•3:3ltp San Jose and Way Stations *!»:O«»a
•4 «13r San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 0:43 a
•StOOp San Jose and Principal Way Station! 0:33 a
5:30r San Jose and Principal Way SUtious S:3o>
- C:.'t<li- San Jose and Way .stations ?>3or
t11:45i- Han Jose anil Way Stations 7«30r
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
! • Sundays excepted. I Sundays only, t Saturday* only
I Sundays and Mondays. a Saturday! and Sundays.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Smisallto Ferry
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALI.ET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— '3:00, «9:30. 11:00 a. m.;
j •1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 5:15, »6:00, 6:30 p. m.
I EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11 :M
I 'sui<DATS-»8:00, *9:00. »10:00, 11:00, 11:39
' a. in.; 1:00, *1:45, *2:30. «4:00. 6:30. 6:45 p. m.
• 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sundays.
j 6:30 p. m does not run to Mill Valley Sundays.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, »6:35. 7:56. 8:25, »3:5«
a. m.; »12:20, 2:10, »3:40. 4:35,-5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, »8:00, •9:45,- »10:45, '11:4s
a m. ; 1:00, 2:20. *3:30, •5:15,.»6:00, 7:00 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO. .
WEEK DAYS— 6:45, 7:55.-8:43. 10:19
:a. m. ; 12:40, 2:25. 3:56, 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
: and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
' SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00, 11:10 a. m.; 12:06, 1:20,
: 2:40, 3:55. 5:30, 6:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3-20 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturday excepted)— To-
males and way stations.
8:00 a. m Sundays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:46 p. m. Sundays— Reyes and way «tan».
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
' From Jane 1, 1898, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. ' North-bound.
I ' ■ — — — — — ■■
Passen- Mixed, Mixed, | Passen-
ger,- Sunday Eta- Sunday ' • grer.
I Daily. Exc'pted •. tlons. , . Exc'pted . Dally.
| 7:20 am 9:00 am . Stockton 3:45 pm 5:40 pm
! 9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 pm 3:63 pm
- 10:40 am 3:30 p m Fresno 9:30 a m 2:20 pm
11:35 a m 6:45 p m Hanford 7:45 am 125p ra
2:45 p m 11:50 p m B'k'rsfld 2:30 a m 10:15 a m
| 12:05 p m 7:50 p m Visalia 6:40 a m 12:55 p m
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
' California Navigation and Improvement Com-
! pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at I
p. m . illy; at Merced with stages to and from
Bnellings, Coultervllle. Yosemlte. etc. ; also
with stage" from Horn Mariposa. etc.; at
Lankershlm with stage to and /rom Madera.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY."
(Via . Sausalito Ferry.) ■ ■
I Leave San Francisco, commencing May .1,
1898: >;■.■-.■>
Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:43 and 5:15 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 9:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
2:30 p. m. .
Round trip from Mill Valley. »I.' ■[-£
THOS. COOK &■ SON, Agents, 621 Market
' strict. San Francisco.
1112
THE END OF
CAMP MERRITT
NOT FAR OFF
On Monday the Trans
port Arizona Sails.
SCANDIA GOES ON THURSDAY
ARMISTICE NOT TO STOP PHIL
IPPINE OPERATIONS.
Three More Large Transports Will
About Make a Clean-TJp of
the Troops Assigned to
Major General Merritt.
It is not believed in local military
circles that the signing of the peace
protocol ajid the declaration of an ar
mistice will interfere with the forward
■ ing of the balance of the Philippine ex
peditionary forces, which no doubt will
be needed to protect life and property
at Manila during the interim, and until
the Philippine question is definitely
settled by the peace commission. Tele
graphic orders were received four days
ago to rush all the troops to Manila as
fast as possible. It is evident that this
was done with the full knowledge that
peace was to be at once declared, but
nevertheless the necessity of a large
force of troops at Manila was n
nized. Orders of revocation are, there
fore, not expected by Major General
Merriam.
The troops that are to sail for Manila
on the transport Arizona will embark
to-morrow afternoon, an order having
been issued at General Miller's head
quarters at Camp Merritt to that effect
yesterday afternoon, in accordance with
Instructions received from Major Gene
ral Merriam. This order designates
the remaining battalion of the Eight
eenth United States Infantry, th
mainin^ battalion of the Twenty-third
United States Infantry, and recruit de
tachments of the First Colorado, the
Tenth Pennsylvania, and 120 recruits of
the Second Oregon, all of whom are or
dered to be on board the Arizona not
later than 3 o'clock to-morrow i'fter
noon.
The Eighteenth Infantry Battalion
includes seven officers and 365 men,
with five lieutenants attached; the
Twenty-third Infantry Battalion in
cludes three officers and 409 men, with
six lieutenants attached- Tenth Penn
j,- .
First Colorado, two officers and 124
men; Oregon, 120 men. There are also
nine civilians and eighteen members of
the Hospital Corps, making a total of
1328.
The Eighteenth Infantry Battalion,
to which the Oregon recruits are at
tached, is commanded by Major Paul.
The Twenty-third Infantry Battalion,
with the Colorado recruits, will be un
der command of Major Goodale; and
the Pennsylvania recruits will be com
manded by Lieutenant Colonel Bar
nett.
Brigadier General King and staff and
a number of commissaries, quartermas
ters and surgeons will also sail on the
Arizona.
With the departure of these troops
there will be left at Camp Merritt the
Seventh California. 191 recruits of the
Second Oregon and a few others, all of
whom will tail on the Soandia on or
about next Thursday. The remaining
Oregon recruits are attached to the
rh California. The sailing of the
Scandia will wind up Oarnp Merritt.
The Arizona will pull out into the
stream at 9 o'clock to-morrow evening,
as owing to her great depth she Is
obliged to take advantage of the high
tide r>t that hour. The mail will go on
board at 9 o'clock Monday morning and
the steamer will sail before noon.
Three more large transports, such as
the Australia. City of Sydney and the
City of Peking, which are expected in
the next few days, will carry to Manila
nearly all of the remaining expedition
ary forces.
Adjutant General Corbin yesterday
afternoon telegraphed Major General
Merriam as follows: -'Protocol has
been signed. Hostilities are at an end."
As no orders were received regarding
the Philippine forces, General Merriam
will proceed to forward the troops in
accordance with recent instructions.
EVENTS AT THE PRESIDIO.
A Portion, of the Utah Caval
Will Leave for Yosemite
Park. This Morning.
Two-thirds of Troop A, Utah Cavalry,
under Captain Calne and Lieutenant Kim
ball, will leave the Presidio at 10 o'clock
this morning for Yosemite Park. This"
detachment will be accompanied by First
Lieutenant James E. Nolan, Fourth
United States Cavalry. Lieutenant Smith
will remain at the Presidio with the rest
of the troop until he has be^n furnished
the necessary mules, when he will go to
Sequoia Park.
The command of the Second Brigade, !
In the absence of General Krug. who will j
sail on the Arizona, has devolved upon '
Colonel Loper, Fifty-first lowa, he being
the senior colonel In the brigade.
Acting in compliance with instructions
from the War Department, regarding the
sending of troops to Alaska for the pur
pose of preserving peace upon the banks
of the Yukon, General Merriam has se
lected Battery A. Third United States Ar
tillery, for that duty. The order relieving
the battery from further duty at the Pre-
Bidio was issued yesterday, and it is ex
pected that it will nail for St. Michael
inside of ten days on some steamer jet
to b>: secured. The battery will be under
the command of Second Lieutenant
George H. McManus, formerly of Battery
B.
Private Percy B. Whittaker. Company
B, First Tennessee, died at the division
hospital yesterday morning of meningitis.
His funeral lakes place at 10:30 this morn
ing. There were 274 cases in the hospital
yesterday, twenty-one on furloughs, nine
teen In other hospitals in the city, and
eight at private residences.
Captain Edwin B. Babbitt. U. B. A,, one
of the expert powder and gun testers of
the army, has been testing the guns at
Fort Point during the past week. Cap :
t.ifn Babbitt is accompanied by his wife.
and they are the guests of Major and
Mrs. Mosely. Next week Captain Bab
bitt will make a firing test of the large
• guns at the Point, and also of the dyna
mite guns.
DRILL BY TENNESSEEANS.
A Fine Military Entertainment
to Be Given This Evening in
Mechanics' Pavilion.
The following is the programme of the
drill to be given by the First Tennessee
Regiment at Mechanics' Pavilion this
evening:
Entry by First Tennessee United States
Voluntefr Infantry, Colonel William C.
Smith commanding.
Kattalion drill by First Battalion, First
Tennessee United States Volunteer In
fantry, Major A. B. Bayless commanding.
Company drill by Company H. Third
Battalion, Major John G. McGuire com
manding; officer commanding company.
Captain Gaston O'Brien.
Guard mount by details from Second
LIEUTENANT ELLIOTT, WHO DIED AT SANTIAGO.
The dispatch published In yesterday's Call from General Bhafter at San
tiago, announcing the death of First Lieutenant William G. Elliott, Twelfth
United States Infantry, caused the deepest and most genuine expressions of
sorrow at the Presidio. Lieutenant Elliot was well known here. He was ap
pointed ;i cadet to the military academy from Washington., D. C, in 1882, and
after his graduation he took a post iurse m the infantry and cav
alry school, where he wa.s a classmate of First Lieutenant Harris of the Fourth
United States Cavalry.
tit Elliott saw a great deal of hard service in several Indian cam
• in Arizona, and it was during those that he won his spurs for con
. ravery. Upon one occasion his classmate. Lieutenant Mott, was
shot and killed by a desperate Indian, and single-handed Lieutenant Elliott ar
ii at tlir- risk of his own life. He refused a number of brilliant
ntments, preferring the rigorous service of the frontier. When the
war broke out he went with his regiment to Cuba, where he distinguished him
self in the assault upon Santla I James E. Nolan, Fourth United
States Cavalry, also a classmate of Lieutenant Elliott, said yesterday in
speaking of him:
"He was one "f the bravest and purest minded officers in the service, and
we were always wont to liken him to Chevalier Bayard, a soldier 'sans peur et
sans reproche.' "
Battalion, Major B. F. Cheatham com
manding.
Company drill by Company F, Captain
A. C. Gillun, First' Battalion, Major A. B.
Bayless commanding.
Dress parade. Third Battalion, Major
John G. McGuire commanding.
HUNGRY SOLDIERS.
Several Non - Commissionec
Officers Reduced to the Ranks
for Complaining of Food.
A bulletin was posted yesterday on the
board in the street of Company I. First
Tennessee Regiment, at the Presidio, that
is causing considerable quiet indignation
among the men of that company. It is an
order of Captain Givens reuueinf? several
non-commissioned officers to tne ranks..
They are Sergeants Hughes and Douglas
and Corporals George, Eddings and Mar
tin.
A few days ago the men of this com
pany complained that they were not be
ing allowed sufficient food, out no a
tion was naid to the matter. A pi
for better and more food was signed by
74 men of the company, but still the food
was not improved eitln-r in uuantity or
qua'aty. For having taken part in this
affair, so it is claimed. >..ie nun-commis
d offio-rs above mentioned were bul
letined, and they are now plain, ordinary,
everyday privates.
In the case of Sergeant uouglas. a very
efficient man, who has serve-i in t l^ reg
ular army, a petition signed by Vo men
asking that he be retained in his position
was presented to Captain Olvens. who
turned it down and informer Douglas, in
answer to a question, that ho had been
reduced to the ranks on account <>f In
competency. Douglas "indignantly resents
this imputation, claiming to be qualified
In every respect to perform the duties of
sergeant. He and the other displaced of
ficers declare that their degradation is
due to the fact that they protested
against the food dealt out to them, and
furtoermore, they can't understand why
they should be punished for exercising
the constitutional right of petition. Cap
tain (livens, it is alleged, asserted that
they had no right to complain to him.
TIRED OF INACTIVITY.
Washington Volunteers Peti
tion to Be Sent to Manila
or to Be Mustered Out.
The mcmhfrs of the Fir?t and Third
battalions of the Washington Volunteer
Infantry, stationed at the Presidio, and
the Second Battalion of the same regi
ment, stationed at Angel Island, have
unanimously signer a petition which will
be forwarded to the Secretary of War,
asking either to be sent to Manila or to
be mustered out of the service. A com
munication from a member of the regi
ment says:
"We have had three months' experi
ence in cutting lawns, repairing roads,
painting buildings, cleaning onicers" qua in
ters and other similar work, and we are
beginning to grow weary. We now have
our full regiment here and are ready for
business at the front. We ask the mili
i;ir\ authorities In all fairness to give ua
a chance."
Regimental Baseball.
The crack baseball teams of the Sev
enth and Eighth California regiments
will cross bats at the Golden Gate Park
Recreation Grounds on Sunday afternoon.
The game win be called at 2 o'clock.
There is considerable rivalry between the
two reg'ments. and each is expected to
have a battalion or two of "rooters" at
the park to relievo themselves of some
of their surplus lung energy.
War Incidents.
Walter S. Morton has been appointed
lieutenant colonel on the staff of Gov
ernor Budd. This is a National Guard
appointment to succeed Colonel Hansen
of Los Angeles. Lieutenant Colonel Mor
ton has bein assigned to duty on Brin
dled General King's staff, without pay
from the State or the Federal Govern
ment, and will go to Manila on the Ari
zona.
H. J. McCoy, treasurer of the Army and
Navy Christian Commisslan, has com
pleted arrangements with Colonel Park
Henshaw and Lieutenant Colonel Car
rlngton of the Eight California Regiment
to give a drill tor the benefit of the com
mission in this pity In the near future.
A programme entirely novel will be intro
duced, and it will be the first visit of the
Eighth California to San Francisco. Gen
eral Merriam and staff and Governor
Budd and staff will be invited to be pres
ent. On the day of the drill Colonel Hen
shaw's men will march up Market street
from the ferry, it is expected that nearly
THE SAN FKA^CISCO CAKL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 13, 1898.
the entire regiment will participate In the
exercises. The programme Is being ar
ranged by Lieutenant Colonel Carring
ton.
At the drill of the First Tennessee
Regiment this evening- in Mechanics' Pa
vilion a quartet of soldiers from Com
pany H"wlll sing a song written expressly
i'ir the regiment by Evelyn M. Luilium.
I It is entitled. "The Melons Were a-Bloom
ing." The music is by Mrs. H. M. Black.
Surgeon Mathews, Fifty-first lowa, baa
b< en assigned to the command of the di
vision field hospital at the Presidio, re
lieving Brigade Surgeon Owen.
Lieutenant Hughes, bixth California,
has been granted leave of absence for
seven days.
Lieutenant Dull. Fifty-first lowa, lias
been granted leave of absence for fifteen
days.
Private Charles A. Dunn, Company L,
: First Washington Volunteers, for ab
! sence without leave and disobedience, haa
been sentenced to four months' imprison
ment at Alcatraz Itliinu, and to forfeit
$40 of his pay.
The steamer Alliance, which arrived In
port yesterday, will carry ittO of the First
New York Regiment to Honolulu. She
i may be able to sail on Monday or Tuos-
Another detachment of this regi
ment will be transported by the Ti'.lu
j mook.
At the last meeting of the Army and
i Navy Commission a vote of thanks was
passed to The Call for its assistance in
making a success of the drill entertaln
: ment of the Twentieth Kansas Regiment.
j A handsome sum of money was realized,
every cent of which was expended for the
benefit of the soldiers.
The Government tup McDowell, on its
visits to the Government stations around
' tho bay, takes from 50 to '0 ' soldiers for
an excursion every day. The bo\s, espe
cially those from the Interior State;;, en
joy it very much, as it is a happy change
from the daily drill.
Red Cross Notes.
The Red Cross hospitality committee
asks its friends to help It with lunches
to-morrow for the troops who are to go
aboard the Arizona.
A benefit entertainment for the Red
Cross is 10 be given in Metropolitan Tem
ple, August 16. Dr. C. J. Freeman will
lecture on "America, Cuba and Spain,"
and Henry Lloyd of New York will sing
several patriotic songs. Arturo Salvini,
the eminent tenor, will also give his ser
vices.
At the benefit for the Red Cross to be
given by the Mutual Benevolent Associa
tion at did Fellows' Hall this evening,
Miss Poarl Ladd will give a recitation.
Miss Daisy Grogan a military dance and
song, and J. W. Perry will sing.
Recent receipts are: Memberships, $17;
Mrs. L. Schrauz, Jl; from sale of Over
land Monthly, $12; Lady Friend, $2 75;
Mrs. O. A. Baker (The Pleasanton), $5;
San Francisco yostoflice branch of the
Red Cross Society, $150.
Mrs. Loosley reports 500 badges given
out tliis month.
The entertainment committee reports
that $iH7 32 has been realized at the vari
ous entertainments this month.
It' has been voted to give $1000 to the
Seventh California Regiment.
• Five large loads of hospital supplies
were, sent on board the transport Arizona
yesterday. ■-■ . . ..i
The society has received official infor
mation from: the "War Department that
six Red Cross male nurses will be sent
on the transports Arizona and Scandia to
Manila.
Donations were received at the ferry
yesterday from the Pacific Transfer Com
pany, Mrs. Tillinghast, Mrs. Pendleton,
Mrs. J. F. Tracy, University Club, Gibbs
& Pratt, Mrs. P. Lilienthal and Mrs. Clif
ford.
Donations were received yesterday; at
Post Street by the San : Francisco. Red
Cross from Mrs. Louis Sloss, Mrs. A.M.
Donis, Mrs. G. M. Hubbard, Mrs. P. Sam
eon,.Mrs. A. J. f Plnkstone, Miss' Gregg,
Mrs. John Knell, Mrs. Boskowltz,: Mrs.
J. A. Hopper, Miss Macondray and Mtss
Hitchcock.
William Stevens of the First Tennessee
is requested to. call at Red Cross head
quarters, Spreckels building, as soon as
possible. . : : . •
The members of the California Com
mandery who are- taking an active pa.rt
in the work for the drill' to-night are J.
P. Fraser, commander; John Tonningson,
W. H. S. Titus, Carroll Cook, Henry B.
Reems, Hiram, T. Graves and Thomas
Morton.  ;
> Among 1 those who have .' contributed to
the California Commandery for to-night
are Miss C. Gwin, $5; C. E. Green, $5;
Martin Jones, .32 50; Friend, >50 cents;
Sussman, Wormser & Co., coffee; C. E.
Beckford, coffee; Westerf eld, ten gallons
of ice cream; Wellman. Peck & C 0. ,; Cap
tain Thompson and Hill 8r05.,- coffee.
Mrs. Mills' resignation, from the hos
pitality committee has been accepted '.with'
regrets : and thanks for her faithful work.
Mrs. Robert Mackenzie ' and - Mrs. 'C.- W.
Slack were appointed on the committee.
> Donations have been * received by : the
State society from Los Banoa. Lakeport,
Hanford, Weavervllle, San Rafael and
Alameda. All of these donations were
specially large and useful.
Special thanks are tendered to the "but
ter-street Railway Company for its will
ingness to transport the SOO men for the
drill to-night.
The financial committee reported yester
day $58,139 31 received; expended $34,753 15,
with an outstanding account of $800, leav
ing a balance of $22,581 26.
Elegant half tones of the Largest colum
barium in the world go with to-day's
News Letter. *
THE STOCK MARKET.
The market for general securities was mod
eratively active, with a further decline In
Hawaiian Commercial to 125. Mining slocks
were dull as usual, though several showed
some improvement.
j The Julia Consolidated Mining Company had
$1005 in its treasury on August 1, and the Syn
dicate Mining Company had $1122 on hand.
The Bullion-Beck Mining Company of Utah
has declared a dividend of 10 Cents per share,
amounting to $10,000.
The Alaska-Mexican Gold Mining Company
reports for June a total of 13, 05S tons of ore
milled and 234 tons of concentrates (sul
phurets) saved and treated by hlorlnatlon.
The gold saved amounted to $31,745, or $2 38
per ton; of this amount $9017 came from the
sulphurets. The working expenses were $20,
297, or $1 55 a ton, leaving a profit of $10,848,
or 83 cents a ton for the month. .
The stockholders of the Hawaiian Commer
cial will meet October 13 to consider a proposi
tion to increase the capital stock from $10,000,
000 to $15,000,000. If the increase Is made the I
directors propose to sell the new stock and
devote the proceeds to the liquidation of in
debtedness and Improving the property.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, August 12—2 p. m.
,^- .,.:,: Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
IT S Bonds— (Mutual El Co. — —
is quar coup.. 12*4 i Oakland Gas.. 60% 52
Is quar reg...lll%n2y_. Pac Gas Imp.. 86% 87%
Is quar new.,.127%128% ;Pac L Co — 50
Miscellaneous— S F G & E... 87 Bf*4
Cal-st Cab 55. 112 — San Fran .... 3 3Vi
Dal El 03 125 — Stock Gas .... 13 —
C C Wat Ss... 99%100% Insurance—
Dup-st ex c... — 98% Flrem's Fund. 2oo 205 '
E L & P 128% — Bank StocKs—
X" &Cl Ry 65..115% —"■ Anglo-Cal .... 60 —
Geary-st R ss. 93 100 Bank of Ca1. .244 2J7%
HC & S l'^s..loo 105 ral SD & T.. — 97
' A LCo 65.. — 100 First Nat 200 —
Do gntd 65.. 97%100*$ Urn P _ A....125% —
Market-st 65.. 125% — Mer Exchange 14 15
Do Ist M 55.. 115 — Nev Nat 8....155%161%
Not .Vln 6s lsts — 97% Savings Bank
;s'CNO Ry 75.105 — Ger S & L..1550 1650
I N Ry Cal 6s. .109 112 Hum S & L.1050 1160
jN Ry Cal .ri5..102%103%. r i5..102%103% Mutual Say. — 42%
NPC R R G5.103 105 3 F Say U.. 485 500
NPC R R 55.100%102V. 3 4- L 50.... — 100
N Cal R R ss. — — Security SB. 800 —
Oak Gas 55. ...100 — Union T Co.loOO .: — ;■■
Do 26 is 58. .109 14— Street Railroad—
Om Ry €s .127 — California ....106 108
P & O 65.. 107 — Geary 40 —
P C I Ry 68.104%106 Market-st 53 —
] Powell-st 65. ..118 — Presidio 7% 8%
Reno WL&L..IOO — Powder—
Pac El Rv ss. 100 — California ....130 149
6F& N P 55.107%108 IE Dynamite... t-5 —
BierraßCal 6s. - 103 Giant Con Co. 48% 48%
B P of Ar 68.-10814106% Vlgorit 2% 3
B P Cal 6s 110 — Miscellaneous—
BPC Is eg 55. .101 — AI Pac Assn.. 93& 95%
C P-Br 6s 115%116%|Ger Ld Wk5..125 —
S V Wat 05...119 — Hana P C 0.... ir,v; 16
S V Wat 45...102%102%]H C & S Co.. 23% 25%
Stuck Gas Gs-.100 — Hutch S P Co. 53% 54%
Water Stocks— Mer Ex Assn. yo —
Contra Costa.. 50 55 Nat Yin C 0... — 7
Marin Co .....SO — [Oceanic S Co. 55% 56%
Spring Valley. 99% 99% -Pacific A F A. 1% 27*
Gas & Electric— Pac Bot Co 100 104
Cent Gaslight. los — iPar Paint Co. 7% —
Morning Session.
20 Alaska Packers' Association 95 00
$4000 Contra Costa Water Bonds 100 00
-40 Hutchinson S P C 54 00
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 2." 50
-50?. do do ...25 37%
240 do do 26 25
100 do do 25 12%
635 do do 25 00
10 Spring Valley Water 99 75
$1000 S P of A Bonds .....106 50
Afternoon Session.
5 Alaska Packers' Association 95 25
• 25 California Safe Deposit 96 75
S3 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 25 50
125 do do 25 75
100 do do ■:: 25 C 2%
20 Market-street Railway 54 00
20 S F Oaf & Electric Co 87 25
5 Spring Valley Water '.: 62%
$2000 S P of A Bonds 106 CO
Street—
150 Hutchlnson S P Co '.... 54 00
160 Market-street Railway 54 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
30 Hutchlnson S P Co 54 60
55 do do 54 00
30 Market-street Railway 53 75
Afternoon "Session. -.
30 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 25 12%
40 do do 25 00
SO Market-street Railway 53 87%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alpha 05 200 30
400 Con Cal & Va.. 31 200 Savage 11
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 15'2n0Ophlr 20
SOO Con Cal & Va.. 3liSooPotosi 17
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: :■;■>: ''
Morning Session.
700 .Alpha 05*300 Gould & Curry.. 14
DOO Alta 09 300 15
SCO Best & Belcher. 141200 Mexican 11
1500 Bullion WjWOOphlr IS
. 200 Caledonia lSiliOO Potosl 17
200 Challenge M 200 Savage 12
1300 Con Cul & Va. 31 '200 Union Con 19
W0 30 1200 Yellow Jacket.. 20
200 Crown Point ... 10 1
Afternoon Session.
800 Best & Belcher. 15:200 Mexican . 13
200 Challenge 14 300 Ophir 20
900 Con Cal & Va. . 31 400 Savage 11
10 So 200 Sierra Nevada.. 52
200 Crown Point ... 11 100 Union Con ....... 20
:0() Gould & Curry.. l'> 200 Yellow Jacket... 20
200 ...... •• 14 :*
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, August 12—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Hale &- Norcrs. 70 75
Bid. Ask. Julia — 02
Alpha 06 ti6 Justice 06 07
Alta OS oi' Kentuck 05 06
Andes 03 04 Lady Wash ... — or
Belcher 12 13 Mexican 11 13
Benton Con ... — 12 Occidental 50 —
Best & Belcher 14 15 Ophir 20 21
Bullion 02 03 Overman 04 06
Caledonia 19 20 Potosi 16 18
("hollar 18 IP Savage 10 12
Challenge Con. 13 H Scorpion ....... 03 —
Confidence M 40 Beg Belcher ... 04 05
Con Cal & Va. 30 32 Sierra Nevada, r.3 55
Con Imperial .. — 01 Silver Hill .... 12 13
Crown Point .. 11 12 Syndicate — 03
Con New York. 01 02 Standard 155 16"
Eureka Con ... 20 — Union Con 20 22
Exchequer — 04 Utah 06 07
Gould & Curry. 13 14 Yellow Jacket. 19 20
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
H B Miller, Napa G Bowen, Cal
W V Knox, Sacto G J Lucas, Biggs
Mrs F. Davis, Phila H Fortmnnn, Cal
C T Gaussig, Wash |E J Tounner, Cal
F Torrey&w Berkeley I J Martin&w. Monterey
E M Carr, Baltimore ij Alexander, Cal
J X Johnson, Sacto 'R Learned, Natchez
C Buney. S Rafael J McGonagle&w, Utah
W F (Hills, Templeton P Fenimore, S Cruz
Dr S P Hall, Dlxon W Thomas, Ukiah
G Weir, Petaluma Dr Witbeck&w. Sacto
D S Danaprh, Beaver F N Rust, Cal
]) V Vuorhles. IT S A J Poundstone&w. Cal
E W Engs, Oakland W Davidson, Butte
R E Kent, Sacto Mlfs de Biockiston. Cal
H J Pfluger, Fresno Miss M de Biockiston,
W Brown, Vlsalia Santa Cruz
F Berry, Fresno T H Buckingham, Cal
S Bayless, Ft Jones ;Mrs Matthieas, Salem
A Bayless&W, Ft Jones Dr McKlnney, Chicago
Mrs ilowell, Chicago A James, Napa
H Warshauer, Oregon F N Jones. Portland
W Fallen, Denver C del Boca, Paris
S A Grant, Dawson T A Camp, N V
J T O'Brien Dawaon D W Evans, Paso Ro
G McCulloch, L Ang F G Rohndorf, N V
M Hammond, Chicago W M Miner Jr. Cal
W Buckley&w. Stkn T Biggr.&w, Petaluma
X de Plchon, Cal C Donohoe, Fresno
Miss G Weeks, Cal J Edwards, Redlands
M Oarrandftw, Angels G P Cole, H. Benin
G E Catts, Stockton ' F Meserve, Redlands
BALDWIN HOTEL.
D C Rohinson&w.S Crz Mrs E M Caro. Portlnd
O N Jameson, S Cruz L E Wood, Los Banoa
A B Eandor&w.Captla E A Mitchell* w, Valljo
J U Castelman, Colo Mrs S E Maynard, L A
J R Scott &w, Colo W B Withers, Redlnds
D N Payson & c, Utah B F Smith, Sacto
J R Clayton & w, T'tahiJ T Larktn, Stockton
B N Clayton, Utah 'H Well, Jackson
J C Smith. Petnluma J M Compton, Tucson
\ W Camp, Ky E W Drury. Stock
J W Ciimp. Ky H J LenboltJt. S Rafael
II V Lteb«r, Ind J C Smith. Petaluma
T Hcißan. Sulinas A W Shields. S Rosa
Mrs J York. Dawsoa Mrs Shields. S Rosa
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
|W Henderson & w. Sac P J Sullivan, Llvermor
J W Ellis, Healdsburg C L Johnson, Cal
T-J Johnson, Los Ang J D Eastman, Fresno
G Andrews. Vallejo P Olsen, Vallejo
J E Poty. Courtland M P Boyle, Vallejo
1 F Pierson, Courtland H B Ballard, Merced
J D Claymore, Cal J Wright, Reno
P M Featherly. Ohio W W Wright. Reno
L J Andrews, Suieun J Bell. Vallejo
J M Sweeney, NY |J A Nowble, Cal
M B Foster, Sta Cruz I
PALACE HOTEL.
G A Batchelder, Cal T G Thomas &w, N T
II M Qojdwater, Ariz R Abenheim. Japan
B Goldwatcr, Arizona J Brenner, Sac,to
R B Confrled, Cal A B Wood, Detroit
M Kain. Phila W L Lomlir.s. Chicago
W A Somerset, Engld J Bordlng. Stockton
E A Manuel, England S S Saften. U S V
A Lybrand, Ohio F W Page. Cal
L J Fenton, Ohio Miss M Merry. Chicago
J M Leszynaky, NY T Flint Jr, San Juan
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of ' the San . Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets, open until 9 o'clock. "''".l]
MEETING NOTICES.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. & A. M. ft
Officers and members are hereby no- .J\
tinea to attend the funeral of our Iate.TTJT
brother, CHARLES WILLIAM MAN- '^T >
WARING, on SUNDAY, August 14. 1398. at
1 o'clock p. m., from Masonic Temple,- Mont-
gomery and Post sts. By order of the Mas-
ter. * GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secy.
HERMANN Lodge No. 145, I. O. -^HSSttgO-
O. F. — The officers and members £§£s?jSS}sjS
of the funeral committee of this r£g3*~sfer-
lodge are hereby notified to as- *"•"
semble at their lodge room, 1749 Mission St.,
SUNDAY MORNING, August 14, at 9 o'clock
sharp, to attend the funeral of our deceased
brother, F. BUDDRUS. By order of
J. TIES, N. a.
C. WIESEL. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222. I. O. O. <^M^.
F.—Officers and brothers: You §_3_SKs=
I will assemble at the lodge room, -ig*JWssr
SUNDAY, Aug. 14. 1898, aj 2 -^»»^
o'clock, to attend the funeral of the late Bro-
ther LUCCA POPOVICH. By order of
JAMES A. WILSON, N. G.
CORMEBECK, Rec. Secy. 
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
Pacific Undertakers will take place at the
office of the company, 777 Mission street, San
Francisco, Cal., TUESDAY, August 23, 1898,
at 8 o'clock p. m., for the election of direc-
tors for the ensuing term and the transaction
of such other business as may come before
It. Transfer books will dose Friday, August
19. 1898, at 4 p. m. By order of the board
of directors. M. C. GORHAM, Secy.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Sara E. Reamer, In the Pem-
berton Gravel mine near Forest Hill, Pla-
cer County, to deposit tailings In Baltimore
and Dardanelles canyons, and from Penroso
* _ Harker, In the Bull Run mine, near Relief
Hill, Nevada County, to deposit tailings in a
ravine below the mine, gives notice that a
meeting will be held at room 59, Flood build-
ing, San Francisco, Cal., on August 22. IS9S,
at 1:30 p. m.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ANY person having Morning Call file of 1860-
61-62 or 1863 that contains a petition at Its ;
length over the signature of Peter T.Secu-
lovlch to San Francisco Board of Supervisors
for a block of land No. 60, W. A., by pro-
ducing to him the same or a certified copy, or
any information of the time, as two thou-
■ sand petitions followed It, or its natural
ground and his occupation of it, or having
municipal reports of IS6O-61-62-63 and 1867-68, or
knowing of one living, Mr. Carter, that owned
and kept a grocery store in 1860 on Filbert
st., bet won Powell and Mason, will be rea-
sonably paid.
PETER T. SECULOVICH. 3241 Mission St.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, calico, muslins, linings,
aprons, towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at
the Pioneer Dry Goods Store. 105 Fifth St.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., room 6; tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 3d.
DIVIDEND NOTLIC— S.
DIVIDEND notice Dividend No. 58 <50c per
share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company 327 Market St., on and after Satur-
day, August 20, IS9B.
Transfer books will close on Saturday, Au-
gust 13. 1898, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALK.
LADY would like to go out by the day House-
cleaning, washing. Ironing or take barber
towels or napkins home to wash. 1620 Pacific
aye.
YOUNG woman, with a baby, wants to work in
a good home. Address Newport House,
room 31. :
WANTED— Situation as child's or invalid's
nurse or sewing work by competent lady. Call
or address | MRS. F. D., 137 Buchanan st.
YOUNG - girl . like a position to take care of
children and help with light housework. Call
at G.-.9 Minna st. _^___ : -
EXPERIENCED woman, good American cook,
with good references; no postals. Cook. 633
Stevenson st.
COMPETENT Swedish woman wants place in
American family and have her little girl
with her. 114 Fourth St., room 15. _
RESPECTABLE middle-aged German • lady
wants situation as working housekeeper. 259
Stevenson St., bet. 3d and 4th. near Market.
AMERICAN woman wishes position as work-
ing housekeeper In hotel or ranch; city or
country. 112 Kearny St., room 27.
RESPECTABLE woman wants position as
plain cook; small family and washing. 243
Minna st.
YOUNG married woman would like position as
wetnurse. Address 1084 Twelfth st., Oakland,
or call from 2 to 5. '
GOOD German girl wants to do light house-
work; $12 per month. 1009 Mission St.. 1-6 p.m.
SITUATION wanted by a respectable Ameri-
can young woman as nurse girl, children not
younger than 5 months old, or assist in light
housework where her mother can make a
home with her: wages $5 a month: references;
ferry fare to be returned. MISS C. MOSS,
Station B, East Oakland. •■
RELIABLE Protestant woman wishes a situa-
tion in a private American family to do cook-
ing and light housework. Apply 1024% Geary
st.; no postals. .
COLORED girl wishes situation; general
housework, cooking or nurse girl; $15 to $20.
M.. box 1822, Call. .
SWEDISH girl wishes work; plain" washing
and housecleanlnr or any kind of. work by
the day 1313 Fulton st.
SITUATION by young girl as chambermaid or
sewing; no postals. 2917% Mission st.
YOUNG woman i would like housework by the
day; wages $1 50 a day. Address 1574 Turk st.
YOUNG girl wishes situation; lately from the
East: willlna: and obliging. -Address 1924 Ellis.
FIIIST-CLASS Eastern dressmaker, formerly
with leading firm in New York, wishes sew-
ing by day or at rooms; ladles' tailoring a
specialty. E. R.. 915 Polk st.
SITUATION wanted by a competent colored
woman as Janltress In a building of offices;
best of city references. Address G. M. L.,
box 2SI, Cail office. V ,
GERMAN girl; general housework; good wages.
933 Haight st. ■ -
ELEVENTH, Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
SITUATIONS AV ANTED—
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay St.
A— AGED German man wants situation as a
cook: salary no object. C. BOEHME, 1231
! Mission st. - ' ' - '__
SITUATION wanted by respectable young man
as watchman, porter, stableman, milk, or any
position of trust; references. Address A.'D..
812 Kearny st. '
YOUNG man, good bookkeeper and : typewriter,
wants employment of some kind; wages no
object; city or country; references. Box 554,
Call Office. . .;
A YOUNG man wishes a position as barkeeper;
city or country: can give best of references.
R.. box 823, Call Office.
HOY 17 wishes position with doctor; two years',
experience. Address or call PERCY, 1229
Mission st. ~ ■ ■ • - ,•■'-■
MAN and wife want situations :in country or
camp; both" Al cooks; wife Al housekeeper;
man handy all around. Address F. G. T.,
box 999. Call. ""
SITUATION by steady middle-aged man. take
care private place; can drive and milk: low
wages; references. Address ; A. ..- M., - box 523,
Call office.
WANTED— Position; first-class Chinese • cook;
thoroughly experienced ' in French and Amer-
ican cooking: best of references. Apply AH
LEE, 336 O'Farrell st. . . . : '• 1
JAPANESE boy wants position : of -schoolboy
or half-day work. Address care Japanese
Mission., 1327 Pine st. -'-■
MAN wishes a situation as gardener in -a pri-
vate family: good references. Address 537
Sacramento st. ' '■' . • ; ■
THOROUGHLY trustworthy man wants . situa-
tion as caretaker, watchman or any position
• of trust;- business experience; .highest refer-
ences. Address B. R. , box 1415, Call office. ■
MACHINIST and steam I fi'.ter, first-class all
around man. would like to get a position with
a mill or manufacturing establishment. Box
* &556. Call office.
COACHMAN wants situation; single; thorough
horseman; understands fancy gardening: 9
years' -j best : references. - Address M. A., box
136, Call office. ->/;■:-
WANTED — Situation as driver of milk wagon
by a good man. 7 Call or c. ! dress 328 Oak st.
SITUATIONS V>' ANTED— Continued.
STEADY, reliable man ' wants situation with
private family; can milk, care for .horses,
etc. best references. Address J. ■ H., box
1313. Call office.
WANTED— Position-, by an aged German; un-
derstands how to make all kinds of liquors. C.
BOEHME, 1231 Mission St. .
YOUNG man wants position in creamery; can
work up butter and egg route; best refer-
ences; steady position. Address 126 Liberty,
WANTED by a man speaking both German
and English, a position as driver and care of
horses. Box 1619. Call. .
CHINESE cook wants situation In private
family; city only. CHUNG YEW, 21 Brenham
place. ■ - ■
JAPANESE, first-class laundry, wants ■ situ-
ation; with reference. O. N.. 931 Sacramento.
WANTED— Situation as gardener and man
about private place by a young man; Al
references. -Address E. C, box 37, Oakland.
YOUNG man wishes employment as book-
keeper or, clerk; has experience, with refer-
ences. Address box S9O, Call office.
CHINESE, very best first-class cook, meat and
pastry, wishes position, hotel or boarding
house; satisfaction. CHARLEY FOOK, 906
A Clay at. • .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
~~ HELP WANTED- FE3IAI.E.
WANTED— Three waitresses, coffee parlor, $15
a month or $4 a week; waitress, restaurant,
$5 a week; 6 German cooks, $35. $30 and $25;
French maid. $25: cook, small country hotel,
$2G; German chambermaid and seamstress,
$20; a number of girls for housework. LEON
ANDRE, 316 Stockton st.
A NEAT young girTTsl2. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
A NEAT second girl; country- MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter ft.
2 CHINESE: $15 per month. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
A COOK; $15; sleep home. MISS 'CULLEN.
325 Sutter St.
2 WAITRESSES; $20 each. MISS CULLEN,
• 325 Sutter st.
A MOTHER and daughter; $40. MISS CUL-
LEN. .325 Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES: $5 per week each. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ,
A GIRL to do plain Ironing; $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 butter st. :
A CHAMBERMAID and wait one meal; $15. ]
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St., want to-
day: Waitress, Fresno, 125, rare paid; wait-
ress, Fresno, fare paid; waitress, Santa Cruz,
$20; waitress, springs, $20; chambermaid, to
wait, Palo Alto, $20; chambermard, to wait,
,San Mateo, $20; chambermaid, to wait, Gil-
roy, $15, fare paid; 2 waitresses, city, $20;
fancy ironers, $30 and board; German cook,
few boarders, $25; housegirl, 2 in family, $20;
German housegirl, 2 in family, $20; 25 house-
girls for city and country places, $15, $20 and
$25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
THREE German, Irish and French second
girls, $20; German nurse, $20; 4 cooks. German
style, $25; German girl for housework. 3 in
family, $25; 3 restaurant and hotel waitresses,
$20, $5 and $6 week, and a. great many girls
for housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter Et.
FOR country; chambermaid, assist waiting ho-
tel, $20; 2 waitresses, same hotel, a short
distance, $20; cook, boarding house. $25; col-
ored girl for housework, $25; girls to fill pit-
uations in several surrounding towns, $20 and
$25. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
HEAD waitress, $25; waitress, country hotel.
HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
GIRLS WANTED
GIRLS WANTED
GIRLS WANTED
For The
GRAND MARCH
GRAND MARCH
And
BALLET
BALLET
GREAT PRODUCTION! ............
GREAT PRODUCTION!
BATTLE
BATTLE
*M".".*!l"!".*. '.'.'.'.'.'.' manila! ".'"!"".'"!!!.'."!.'
MANILA! .-.
Apply at
'.'.'...'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.' CENTRAL PARK ".'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'..'.'.
CENTRAL PARK .:....
Market and Eighth sts
AN experienced hotel housekeeper; state age.
nationality, experience and references; for a
large first-class hotel; wages $30 to $40. Ad-
dress H., box 243. Call.
ONE ' hundred -young: ladles for-""Battle of'
Manila." Apply Washington Hall, Eddy st.,
opposite Tlvoli, 10:30 a. m., to-day.
GOOD German girl general housework and
cooking: good wages. 933 Haight st.
GERMAN girl for general housework; must be
a good cook. 416 Van Ness aye.
YOUNG girl to assist general housework and
children, $10. 1605 Baker St.
YOUNG girl for light housework small family;
references. 2042 O'Farrell St.
GIRL to mind babies. 732 Green St.; good
woman; small wages.
STRONG German girl as chambermaid. Apply
Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework. 85
Hayes st.
'
_____
WOMEN and girls; steady work on fruit and
canning. Californian Canneries Co., Ltd.,
Brannan St., bet. Third and Fourth. ■-■,-.■■■
;—; —
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit. Apply
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.. Tenth
and Bryant sts.
■
WANTED — and girls to work on fruit,
at Cutting Fruit Packing Company, 1150 Har-
rison st.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
machines on shirts and underwear, at
GREENEBAUM, WEIL & MICHEL'S, 531
Mistson st. :
WORK for women and girls. Apply at KING-
MORSE CANNING CO., northwest corner
Broadway and Sansome st.
WANTED— on flannel overshirts"*; a
few inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36H Fremont et.
WANTED— woman for a house-
keeper for a widower with 2 children. Apply
at 73Vi Boyce st., off Point Lobos aye.
200 WOMEN and girls for peeling. Apply a
440 Townsend st.
NEAT young girl, assist with housework for
good home. 153S Fulton st.
GOOD operators on waiters' coats and aprons;
steady work. POWER, 636 Clay; upstairs.
WANTED— girl to do light housework.
.1220 Filbert st. , .
WORKING housekeeper; ' 3 cooks; 5 girls for
second work. TAYLOR & CO.. 1023 Market.
TAILORING . and dressmaking thoroughly
taught at KEISTER'S. 118 McAllister st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School, 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit: no trylnjr on; trial free.
HELP XV ANTED— MALE.
WANTED — Two drivers for milk wagons In
city, $30 and $25 per month and found; 3
furnace men for mine. $45 and board; black-
smith's helper for ranch.- $30 and board: Ger-
man machinist for factory in city; German
boy for bakery, $12 and found: molder for
foundry in city, $2 CO to $3 per day; farmers,
milkers; waiter for nice restaurant, $30, and
others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay st.
WANTED— BO men, women, , boys and families
to get up camping parties to pick hops for
large hop yard; nice camping; ground; free
wood; good water; anybody wanting a 6 or
7 weeks' camping trip and make money be-
sides, call for particulars to W. D. EWER &
CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED— Blacksmith for sawmill, $45 an
board; 2 miners, $2 50 day; Ironer and pol-
isher,- $30 and found; farmers, $20; 40 laborers,
$1 75 to $2 day, fare refunded, and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacra
mento st. , ,
WANTED— Cook for private family, $30: coo
for Nevada. $40 and increase, fare paid; 2
waiters, ■ country hotels, $25 and $30; restau-
rant cooks, $16 week and $35, $40 and $4
month: dishwashers, $15 and $20: elevator boy
and others.. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
628 Sacramento st. . '
WANTED— Painter for Institution; waiter for
restaurant, $40; waiter. $30: second cook. $65;
cook, - $6 a week; dishwashers, $15 to $25: ho-
tel porter, light place, $10; shirt ironer, $35;
plain lroner, $25; apprentice for laundry, $15
etc. ANDRE'S,, 3I6 Stockton st.
TEN railroad laborers, $20 and board; 10 wood-
choppers, 4-foot pine. $1 a cord; 10 axme
\ to make ties and laggings; cook, country ho-
tel,-; $50. R. T. WARD & CO., 608-610 Clay st.
WANTED— Basket and reed chair workers.
Apply to HEYWOOD BROS, and WAKE
FIELD COMPANY. 663 Mission St., August
13, between 2 and 4 o'clock.
WANTED— An I experienced bundle wrapper of
long experience; one having handled clothing
preferred. ■ RAPHAELS'.
HELP WANTED— Continued. «f
- ' " ■ .irn to prune an orchard; $20 and\
found ; here is a good chance. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st. .
MILKERS .....and buttermakers
. $3 milkers, $25 and found: 2 butter makers.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay 5t.....
TO cut brush clear land.
15 men wanted (no experience required), $30
and found; fare 35c; exceptional good place.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
20 FARM, orchard and vineyard hands, $26,
$25 and $20 and found; 16 pruners for summer
pruning: of orchards; 5 choreboys and men
for ranches. MURRAY & READY. 634 and
630 Clay st.
IN San Francisco
12 teamsters $1 75 and $1 60 day
6 laborers $1 75 and $1- SO day
2 stablemen $20 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
3 FLUME headers for a large- lumber com-
pany; north: $2 day. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
TO the sawmills and woods
' 12 laborers to build roads In woods (no ex-
perience required), $26 and found. MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
LABORERS to pile lumber
6 men (no experience required), $1 75 day.
MURRAY &. READY. 634 and t>36 Clay st.
SAILOR for a gentleman's yacht; $20 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
12 FRUITPICKERS for Sonoma Co.; fare 50a
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
(3 DAY; strong men to bale hay; $3 day. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 638 Clay st.
)6 WOODCHOPFERS $2 25, $1 50 and $1 cord
hi ticmakera ...:.... Sc to lie each.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
IROUND *■ gold mine
25 men as common laborers (no experience
required). MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
Caly st. ' ___
£5 HOPPICKERS; men women and children:
big wages and 6 weeks' outing. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st. -
;OPY OF TELEGRAM
Ship one hundred laborers
to our mines, etc.; wages from $2 50 a day;
no experience required.
SIGNATURE
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
MACHINIST, $3 a day, country shop. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
2 DISHWASHERS, city and country, $25. $20
and $15 and found. MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st. ■-
• WAITERS $25 and $20 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
PORTERS, country commercial hotels; porter
and tend bar, country hotel, Santa Clara
County. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
STRONG young man about 17 years old to
learn baker's trade, $5 a week and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
BAILOR SHOEMAKER
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. _
,OOK .....COOKS. fcOOK
Camp cook, $50 to $55 and found: night cook,
for a camp, $35 and found; cook for 8 men,
camp, $30 and found; 8 hotel cooks. $55,'. $40,
$50 and $30 and found; 5 restaurant cooks.
$50, $35 and $40 and tound ; 3 second cooks.
$30, $35 and $25 -nd found. MURRAY &
READY, £34 and 636 Clay st. restaurant cooks,
md $40 and tound; 3 second cooks.
and $25 ltd found. MURRAY &
634 and 636 Clay st.
X)OK, country hotel. $50; hotel butcher, I $40;
second cook, plain house, $35; cook, small re-
sort, $50; second cook who can bake. $35,
waiter, $23, both for a railroad eating-house,
half fare paid; 2 cooks, $70; baker, $40, for a.
bakery in Nevada; third cook. $25; potwasher
for springs, $25, fare advanced; German- sa-
loon porter, $7 a week; 2 waiters for a mine
lery in Nevada; third R. HAKSEN & CO..
springs, ?25, fare advanced; German sa-
1 porter, $7 a week; L' waiters for a mine
rJing-house, $25. C. R. HAN SEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
! NEAT hotel waiters, see party here. $30. C. .
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. < *
DRIVER for a milk wagon, $23 and found. C. >
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
JANG of laborers and teamsters for the Coast
road; free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. ;-.■:■'"■'• ■
PIANO player who can sing, $43 and board. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
10 COAL miners, north. Particulars at C. R.
HANSEN & CO.'S. 104 Geary st.
LOCK) MEN to work on the new British Columbia
railroads, $2 a day and up: special reduced
fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
100 MORE laborers and rockmen for work on
the Skaguay, Alaska, railroads. for an hour;
Skaguay, Alaska, railroads, 30c an hour;
fare $22 50. includes berth and meals and of- .
flee fee; ship Sunday, August 14. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FAMILIES to pick hops. C. R. HANSJEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
BOY In temperance gTocery; counter and de-
livery work; state experience and salary. Box
333, Call office. " -. ; - -._.•■-.- :;
JARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 203 Third
street.
JARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 903 Point
Lobos aye. Wages, $4. - -
3ARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 1502
Stockton St.
,V ANTED— Barber for Saturday. 1055t» T"ol-
sora st.
3ARBER for Saturday; $3. 37 Third at.
TWO barbers for Saturday afternoon. 965
Market st.
3ARBER wanted for Saturday. 217 Fourth
street. "
JARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 71514
Davis st.
3ARBER for Saturday; good pay. 602 Clay st. J
JAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia, Europe. HERMANS, 602 Clay st. J
ORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
itralia, Europe. HERMAN S, 26 Steuart.
ERAL tailor for the country. - P.
GREENBERG & CO., Flood building.
:OATMAKER for country. Apply REIS3
BROS., 24 Sutter st. -
FIRST-CLASS painter and whitener ■wanted.
791 Stevenson st.
3OYS wanted. Apply CALIFORNIA BAG
CO.. 11l Clay st.
3QOD waiter wanted. 108 Seventh st.
tf AN for nursery work and gardening. Call at.
500 Halght st. ■ , .
3OOTBLACK wanted. Call at 609 Larkln St..
before 7 o'clock. <■ - '•
3OOD lunch waiter. 248 East st. .
EVANTED— Boy to wash dishes. 521 Montgom-
ery st. , • '
! CLOTHING salesmen wanted In San Fran-
cisco and one in each county In every Stats
to take orders for our $5 to *10 made-to-meas-
ure suits and overcoats; live men without ex-
perience can make $150 per month; if you can
furnish satisfactory reference we will furnish
a complete sample line and outfit and start
you at work at once. For particulars address
AMERICAN WOOLEN MILLS CO.. Enter-
prise building. Chicago. .
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
30 years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
their intention to become such; must be of
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height. For further
information apply at the recruiting office. 20
Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Young experienced grocery clerk, i
437 Fourth st. '•■■,-39>-
WANTED— energetic man. Apply 218 Mc-
Allister st., at once. ■
TO tailors— Coatmakers wanted. Apply at
11 a. m. at the Stevenson-si, entrance.
CHARLES LYONS. 721 Market st.
— 1 ■
COAL miners who have worked in pitch vein
wanted. Apply to TESLA COAL CO., room
515. 328 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
TED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; , 150 largo
r~>ms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
IF you have $5 call 29 Grant aye., learn to
make $10 a day. . ;
— : — — : — :
SO to 29 Grant aye., room 24, 'and learn how
to make $10 a day.
AN easy thing to make $10 a day. 29 Grant
aye., room 24. • , . .
SEVERAL hounds broken for deer hunting.
Address box 14, Call office.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free emplo—
m't. H. Bernard, Sec... 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1163.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 138.
WANTED— At ' Montana House. 764% Mission
st., men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 26c per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week. _
MEN to learn barber trade in 8 weeks. San
Francisco Barber College. 138^ Eighth st.
SAILORS and ! ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis St.. near Jackson. -
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soling, 35c; only one price. 959 Howard st. '
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week. ■
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and .
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter fit. Jt
SINGLE : rooms. 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c night; reading-room;
free ■'. bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
NINTH, 167— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken--I. FURNITURE WANTED.
;?" CASH for fixtures. groceries, furniture, mer
• • "£ h - a , nd . ise: sold on commission; reasonable. E
■•'■•:_______ auctioneer. 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904
;.. B. BAUM buys furniture and general mer
.-. chandlse. 1057 Market st.; tel. Jessie 32.
. -T7T 7 • ROOMS WANTED.
• . .LARGE front room or suite of^rc^mTwantS
. with board by young couple; in private fam
"... . »y; .state location and terms. Box 773, Call
■> : itooiii _uro BOARI> WANTED.
' • WANTED— Room and board for man -and tw(
,;:prls, age 6 and 9 respectively; middle-agec
.. • -lady preferred, permanently settled: no othei
..; boarders; must be moderate: state terms am
..-; location and full particulars. Address boa
;. '■ 000. Call office. - r
•"■■/.'.:.:'; .WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
..." . PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic Tantern appa
■■'■ ; rattts. second-hand. 109 Montgomery st.
"-. -" .: ..'. : " . EDUCATIONAL.
■■•..VOCAL Instruction— ANNls"~' MONTAGUE
...'.; TURNER; correct and natural production 01
•'...-.". voice, based on natural and artistic prin-
'..-.- xlples;- terms beginning August 15 and after
=; ••: "lessons by the month or quarter. For terms
•. ,- • apply personally or by letter to 930 Bush st.,
.• . -"pear Jones.
' :" ECEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st.— Book-
. -.. ': .keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
■••• „ Ing-, telegraphy, languages, English branches
•'.'- .'electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
: Vy_ylag, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
• •'. ' ... uat.es placed since ISS2; catalogue.
. •'■ : .AY.R_:S'' Business College, 723 Market st.;
' :.;"4ndlvidual instruction In shorthand, typing,
•". .'bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
■ - ship,- $5O; low rates per week and month.
' A "LADY- teaches piano and mandolin thor-
• oughly; 50c an hour; excellent pianist and ac-
•"•: ■ --companist for entertainment, and vocalists.
■■: ' .'1209 Octavia st.
'■■■•, PIANO instructions, $1; singing. $150 a 1e5-
."•..• Ben. A. A. EDOERLT, care San Francisco
=.'_ - Music Co.. 225 Sutter st.
• ••UNIVERSITY Coast— Newell Perry Ph. B.. Fel-
;.'■'. low in Mathematics. U. C, 2407 S. Atherton.
.'.■" -,"_r. Charming way, Berkeley; write for circular.
."•"KNGJNEERING School: civil, electrical, mm•-
• '"■' -/ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve.;
' ;.".*st. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
■ ". ENG.LISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare
• ' .-.classes: pri. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
• " ROBERT TOLMIE. pianist, has resumed
... .-teaching at 1003 Sutter st.
."- 'KKKEi'IN' rapid calculation, practically
-".- ■ taught; short time. Tarr, 572 Parr bldg.
■■■■; iiiORTHAND taught In 1 month: references:
■;'•■ '.private lessons: terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
. ■.••PIANO and German lessons. Tsc; pupil of Con-
■•; servatory in Lelpsic. 110 Hyde st.
...LEO COOFER'S school of acting, elocution.
.'!•;■ ".pantomime and stage technique. Sl4 Geary st.
; " ; : ".' ■ LOST.
"IF the party who was seen picking up purse at
... "-corner of Haight and Clayton sts., at 13:80
: -."Friday, Aug. 12, will return same with money
.:'.- '."an<l rings at 1712 Market st., will be well re-
Iv '". warded.
•/.'•LOST— A pass-book wfth the Hlbernia Savings
'•'■: and' Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
'••-. .:name of JAMES GAFNEY, No. 57,325. The
-•*, '. finder will please return to bank.
"." I^D'ST—Wednesday, In Oakland or San Fran-
V .-.Clßcoi small memorandum book containing
•.'•", commutation ticket and business papers.
:..-•'•-.• Leave at 213 Jackson St., and receive reward.
."■;• LOST— Purse containing money and. papers.
;. ". .'"'.Suitable reward at Colonial. Pine and Jones.
I''.-. E/O'.ST— From 24th, bet. Noe and Dolores, and
. ';• • car . line, large paper box, containing man
.' arid boy's suit and lady's dress; $5 reward.
'•.."•27 Third st.
•■_• IiOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Say-
"'.-■ -Ings and Loan Society of San Francisco, In
•••••. the -name of ROSE RYDE*N. No. 201—1053.
■ .-" -The finder will please return to bank.
■-.; ■';'. . MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
.'.AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
■••"• cash- and $6 per month, we ask you to lnvestl-
i "gate and approve this method; prices are the
■':• :'6ame as if purchased for all cash; bargains
,; ''}n'go<xl second-hand uprights upon same easy
- ; -payments and some good pianos for 13, $4 and
•:".$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
:. •. Steinway. dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
.r-.-i.9tp.; San Francisco, and Thirteenth, and
'.;' .Broadway, Oakland.
■'•."ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
' " ;w-&s.t of Chicago is KOHLER i CHASE'S.
■-';-■ .:_8;-2S-and 3') O'Farrell Bt. Pianos, organs ami
:.; all--. other 'musical instruments of all grades
r ..'/'.ABii prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
'■■} :tbhig possible done to please and satisfy the
. ; .'customer.
'' MARSHALL & WENDELL. $75; C. Hall.
•;•-. J100; Bradbury. $130: N.-uman. $145; Sterling.
- •'.".$lS5;" Estey,. $190; guaranteed; easy payments.
■ -B-KNJ. CURTAZ & SON, Chickering agents,
■■'•;•.-;• 16/ O'Farrell fit.
■ •"V^E Invite critical examination: new store, new
'-. '.goods.. CLARK WISE & CO., 41 Ceary St.,
••■.•.'corner Grant aye.; Connover agents.
•SOTJMER & CO.. Byron Mau_y. Newby. Evans.
*. " ■''.Brlpgs - and other pianos; see our rent plan;
; ' ••'-no: interest first year. 308, 310. 312 Post st.
■•. FINE upright fur $150; come early if you want
': ■ to" secure a bargain. THE ZENO MAUVAI.S
; .-.MUSIC CO., 763 Market st.
•' 'A— UPRIGHT; $5 Installments; other cheap
■'.-. "pfanos. 216 McAllister st.
"•"ELEGANT new pianos for rent, $2 50. month.
;' ..SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes St.
' BPTSC-AL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
.-"• 'aij. W C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st.
'. ■'•"AD"- smallest: price lowest: uprights, $75 up;
. ,- rents, $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
.- A' GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister at.,
-V-.-pext Hlbernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
" K.NABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
' LER _ CHASE. M O'Farrell st.
■ • SUPERIOR violins, ilthers. old and new. H.
."."••" M'ULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
:'." A- "WEEK'S news for 5 — The Weekly
'" -.Call, In wrapper, for mailing. \
'-. - .-WAGONS. AND CARRIAGES.
• :_!"IrT-E "laundry, bakers' and milk wagons cheap
.'. '-for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
.-: .".:-btiggy; also 1 hack. 82S Harrison st.
• SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
.'• bold Harness Co., 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
•~ r ~' " HORSES.
LARGE assortment of work, draught and drlv-
.' ing horses, cheap. 145 Valencia st.
.'4O HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
- '" carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth; auction Bales every Wednes-
: .. -day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
■■' CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
•' -kinds; 40 horses: must sell. Emporium Sales
... yards, 220 Valencia Ft.
..... .FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
"■■ Boi£_*RS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
: ' • INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
'FOR SALE— Round end counter at your own
I ' price. 124 Oak st. '
BARS, ' back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
. ' ■•-ters,' linoleum, office furniture, store and
•'•■■ office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
• ' ond hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
'.' .Mission st., above Sixth.
V. X"'FIJ>'E thing for a present; full line of
" • g/aphophones, $10 each and upward. PIERCE
'• & CO.. 313 Emporium building.
'•• EIGHT horse-power engine and boiler; cheap;
';. .' now running. 426 Ninth st.
'•' SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
.• -..g-lnes, boilers, dynamos, etc. 616 Mission st.
-PHONOGRAPHS. $20: records, $5 per do_en;
.-'■ projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl, 938-946 Market.
■.■■j-' : POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
':. "Building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
: SAFES — Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes r half original cost. 109-111 Market, 8. F.
: BARS, show cases, counters, shelving, etc.,
i" bought and sold. 1068 Mission St., nr. Seventh."
CHKAP*EBT and best in America — Weekly
- iT;r^l. Sent to any address In the United
.'■■ 'states or Canada one year for $150, postage
p4ld. -
:'"7^ SEWING MACHINES. ~~
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
• : cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2- MONTHLY, rented; -repaired, bought, sold;
"machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
' x kinds " bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
: . Jtpalring at lowest rates. 205 Fourth at.
~~~ CARPET CLEANING.
' riTv steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
" moves layV carpets. C. H. STEVENS. M_r. r
S and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
T_-tjirK' you become disgusted with poor work
_S to BPAULDING'B ■■ Pioneer Carpet-
• opting Work-_ _853_37 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
•Trvv^iT^CE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st ;
.{il. Main 394. GEO- WOLCOM. Proprietor.
■"i • m-otifeN'S Cal. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 453 j
. J 's^vens_;^st__te_ L South 228; lowest rates.
•rAIiPETS cleaned at itc per yard: relaid at 3c. j
STRATTON, 3 Eighth at.; teL Jessie 944.
'YV MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
' J -., E : jjgnlSf* TyardV tet. Mission 74. ,
conklin-8 Cjtrtet-beatln* Works, m Golden
Gate aye,; tel. East 126. i
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$; i- SALOON in very best location; close*to
theaters, hotels and newspaper offices; a good
class of trade and excellent paying; rent $50.
Particulars WILKE, 783 Market St.; new
number, 545. ,
: A— CORNER grocery and bar on Larkln I st. ;
established many years; known as a leading
and money-making place; must be sold at
once on account of other business Investment
of owner. Particulars WILKE, 7S3tt Mar-
ket St.; new number 845.
$300— SALOON on Third St., 2 blocks from Call
office; stock worth the money; great sacrifice
account sickness of proprietor. See WILKE,
845 Market st.
. A— s2soo; CORNER saloon, doing a rushing and
first-class paying business; very best down-
town location; building. Including long ground
lease; owner has another place; must sacri-
fice. Particular* WILKE. 846 Market at
A— s226; PARTNER wanted in well-paying res-
taurant; centrally located; owner tired of un-
reliable help; trial given to suitable party.
Apply M. LESS, 765 Market St.. opposite Phe-
lan building. • •
$350— CIGAR stand, laundry office; north of
Market; fine fixtures, clean stock; a snap;
owner has other business. M. LESS, 765
Market st., opposite Phelan building.
FIRST-CLASS corner saloon; billiards, pool.
side rooms; central; must sell this week;
$200. M. LESS, 765 Market, opp. Phelan bldg.
FRUIT and vegetable store; north of Mar-
ket; horse and wagon; living-rooms; rent
cheap; good living; present owner there 6
years; must be Bold at once; owner going
away. M. LESS, 766 Market St., opposite
Phelan building.
$500— COUNTRY saloon in liveliest town near
city; positively best location there; must sell
on account of sickness. Apply M. LESS, 765
Market st.
$450— CORNER saloon; old established busi-
ness; on one of the principal business streets
•vith family rooms and side entrance; this an
exceptional bargain on account of disagree-
ment of partners. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777
Market st.
$2000— Drug store, best part of city: more than
full value in stock; leaving the State cause of
sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market Bt.
LEGITIMATE business; clears from $200
to $300 month: suitable for 1 or 2 men; full in-
vestigation. Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market.
A GOOD-PAYING corner grocery and bar;
$750. ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market at.
A— DELICACY store; 2 rooms; rent $12; good
corner. ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market st. '
HIGHEST cash prices paid for restaurants,
saloons, fixtures, grocery stocks: quick sales.
STENBERG & CO.. gS& Kearny st.
$1500— WANTED, 3 active young men with first-
class references to complete party of 8 for an
expedition to South Sea and Philippine islands;
object trading, exploration and prospecting.
Address box 222, Call office.
MUST change climate; will sell cheap or ex-
change for small improved place In country;
long- established, well-paying hardware and
variety store; center of city. A., box 293, Call.
$300— PARTNER wanted, light business; $18 to
$25 a week each; no experience required; trial
given. Apply 10 to 13, 9 Geary St., room 2.
$200 — CORNER saloon on leading business
street; 4 living rooms; rent $20. Particulars
City Agency (JONES & SEARLD.B6S Market.
GOOD harness business for sale; work enough
for 2 men; thorough investigation given; re-
duce stock if necessary. 621 E. 12th, Oakland.
BOARDING-HOUSE with 11 furnished
rooms; 20 regular boarders; trial before buy-
ing. Address M. J.. box 4. Call office. Oakland.
! $300— OLD established cigar and tobacco route,
with horse, wagon and harness; bargain.
124 Oak st. ■
BAKERY, stationery and candy store for sale
$30. Opposite grammar school, Fillmore and
Thirteenth.
SALOON for sale, bar fixtures, $50; 10 rooms
upstairs, rent $40: family troubles. Call at
10 o'clock. 9 Clay st.
— SALOON for sale, with living rooms; do-
ing good business; very cheap rent. Inquire
Call office.
I CHANCE of a lifetime— A man with money to
manufacture a money-making, first-class pat-
ent can be made here or in the East, and J
will give large returns on the investment, I
either cash or property taken as part pay-
ment. Any one desiring to enter business in ,
the East or In this State will do well to in- j
i vestigate.^ j
! PARTNER wanted for good country j
store averaging $1100 monthly sales; nearly I
; all cash with opportunity to increase; good
' healthy location. 8. E., box 146. Call.
! EXTRA chance for a good fruitman in a well-
located market where stall is all In order.
Call at 706 Ivy aye. at 9a. m. or 6p. m. ; also
pork stall. CHAS. ALPERS.
CORNER saloon sacrificed on account of sick-
ness: large stock; elegant fixtures; good I
trade. Owner. Eighth a,nd Alice sts.. Oakland. j
FOR sale — Barber shop; 2 chairs: easy terms;
beautiful climate. American Barber Shop,
San Luis Obispo. Cal.
$SOO— GROCERY ; bar; fixtures; 4 rooms furni-
ture for Bale; fine corner. Address C. G., box
70. Call.
CIGAR store, cor. Sliver and Third: account I
of leaving city. Inquire 434 V. Third st.
WELL-ESTABLISHED collection agency in
S. F. for sale; owner retiring. Box 7935. Call.
— HOME bakery; sickness cause of selling;
daily receipts *10 to $15. Address box 888, Call. ]
FOR SALE— A good paying lodging-Hbuse and !
saloon; established over 20 years; all newly I
renovated; 22 rooms; steady lodgers In house;
rent $40. Inquire 409 Pacific st.
$1500— FINE bar and 40 furnished rooms occu-
pied; best on water fro-*- no agent. X. A.,
box 2, Call office.
i RESTAURANT for gale: 789 Mission at., near !
Fourth; receipts from $35 to $40 per day; good |
chance for buyer.
PARTNER wanted In a centrally located s-
chair barbershop; Investment $100. 8.. box
137, Call.
$200— POULTRY and fruit ranch near Oakland.
LOWRY & OWENS. Frultvale Station.
BARBER shop, with baths, in lively country
town, for sale. Inquire 504 Battery st.
j WANTED— Barber shop, city or country, with
living rooms; state price. Box 1777, Call.
! SOBER, steady plumber and tinsmith can take
long-used shop In center of town St. Helena:
German preferred; rent $10 month. Address
ROSSI & ANDERSON, St. Helena.
OLD established picnic place; good business;
a bargain: acre of ground: horse, buggy and I
cart; milch cows; splendid 6-room house with
bath; stable and barn. Apply 29 Third st.
SALOON in good location; must be sold j
at once on account of sickness; trial given, i
Inquire at C. R. THRANE. 10 Seventh St.
OLD established bakery in country for sale;
proprietor has another business on hand. Ad-
dress P. O. box 94, Napa, Cal.
BAKERY: 7 barrels flour sold over the coun-
ter; cheap. 40 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
I CORNER grocery and saloon for sale.
Box 431, Call office.
| FOR SALE— Fine restaurant; good location;
( fine business; investigate ; account of sick-
ness. Inquire 216 East Main at., Stockton.
BOARDING house with 11 furnished
rooms; 18 regular boarders; trial before buy-
ing. Address M. J., box 4, Call office, Oakland.
OUTSIDE city paper route (Call). Apply 81C4
Twenty-fourth st.
TO PRINTERS— CompIete Job office in Oak-
land; cheap for cash. D., box 1, Call, Oakland.
FOR — Call route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GICO.
W. CASWViLL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento at.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— Bo ROOMS; clears $^7??T^^ .^Tr.^sl2oo
33 rooms; north of Market St.; fine 1900
31 rooms; transient; Market st .....: 950
15 rooms; select; transient corner 300)
14 rooms; fine house; income $50 clear.... 900
40 rooms; elegant; part cash; a snap
i 50 rooms; part cash; transient 1450
5 rooms; beautiful home; see It 250 1
18 rooms; Market St.; clears $200; cheap... $50
ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market st. (L. W.
ROGERS, formerly clerk for H. C. Decker.)
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
6-roora flat; central 150
10 rooms; corner; very good 250
24 rooms; sunny corner: clears $100 " 900
58 rooms; corner: clears $250 2200
100 others; 2 to 300 rooms; prices $100 to.. 8000
8-room flat; near City Hall 250
75-room house: rent $50 $50 j
SEE MY LIST IN THE EXAMINER.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth. "
10-ROOM house cheap; must leave city. 242
Taylor st. - ■ -
_ __ ___________ . _
TO LEASEi
THE old building of the Y. M. C. X7^23-
Sutter St.; long lease; very low terms; can
be rented as a whole or In divisions; largo
and splendid location: no reasonable rent re- !
fused. Apply to MADISON & BURKE.
TO lease small' ranch in San Mateo County. '.
Apply at 45 Prosper Bt., near Market and
Sixteenth. . ' . ' ■-■.■-. .
— ~ ~~~~ WRITER S7~
ALL typewrltters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
NEW Hammond, $35: Callsxaph. $15; Yost, $25;
. get sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery.
...... ~~ ; STORAGE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. . Golden West Stor-
age Warehouse, bin Mission st. ; tel. Mint 1821.
THE SAjN FKAKCISCO CALL, SATUEDAT, AL T GrUST 13, 1898.
, HOT Si.; S TO LET. , . ■
$25— SUNNY house, 7 rooms, bath and laundry;
yards for flowers. DEMPSTER. 3« Glen
Park aye., off Twelfth st. ■'. - :v
HOUSE, 729 Ivy aye. — rooms and bath; in fine
order; rent reasonable. Apply MADISON &
BURKE. ■ ■ - •■
DEVISADERO, 723, near Fulton— rooms and
bath; very sunny; three car lines; $27 50.
FURNITURE of beautiful JO-room house on
an Ness, near Ellis; bargain for cash; mod-
ern house ; or will rent. 808 Van Ness aye.
HOUSE, 2645 Sacramento St., near Stelner— €
rooms, bath, laundry; $2? 60; including water.
O'FARRELL, House uf 13 rooms and bath;
in good order; north side.
O'FARRELL, 1456 and 1458— Sunny side; 7 rooms
and bath; rent $30; key at 1454.
SUNNY house of 7 rooms and bath; large base-
ment and garden. 1411 Scott st.
TO Physicians ...For rent
Residence, with offices and stable; occupied
for years by regular physician with large
practice. Address box 839, Call Office.
WE- can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HO WELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st. .
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
FURNISHED 8-room modern house; $40; adults
only. Call 112. Scott st.
FURNISHED cottage 4 rooms and baWf;
yard basement. 3522 Nineteenth Bt. UMB-
SEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
~ COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, marine view, 6 rooms, bath and
yard. 1323 Washington st., near Jones.
FILLMORE, Cottage 5 rooms, bath and
basement; also 3 large rooms; rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 256— Sunny cottage of 4 rooms in
good order.
15TH. nr. Dolores— Sunny newly renovated cot-
tages; 5 rooms; bath; basement; yard; cheap.
— FLATS TO LET.
CHOICE 5 to 8 room modern flats, suitable for
2 families. $13 to $30. Apply 112 Scott st., near
Haight. _^ t
ELEGANT 7-room corner flat. 652 Church St.,
1 block from Mission High School.
FLAT of 3 rooms. 523 Myrtle aye., bet. Octavia
and Laguna, Geary and OFarrell.
FLAT of five sunny rooms, bath; rent cheap.
2176 Fifteenth St., near Market.
HAIGHT 1021, bet. Eroderick ' and Baker-
Sunny £room flat; fine view; near Park.
MINNA. 643, near Eighth— Sunny corner flat
of 4 and 7 rooms; bath; range if required; ap-
preciated If Been.
MISSION, 1513 A —Flats 5 and 6 sunny rooms;
bath; laundry; rents $15 up. L. JOHNSON,
Box 10611.
POST, 2607 — Bay window flat of 5 sunny
rooms; $14; all modern Improvements.
SUNNY flat of 5 rooms; large yard. 712 Clem-
entina st.. bet. Eighth and Ninth; rent $10.
i SUNNY flat; 6 rooms and bath; rent $14. 2401
Bush St., cor. Pierce.
THREE nice rooms to let. U Clara st, bet.
| Third and Fourth.
TO Handsome lower fiat, 6 rooms. 738
Fourteenth St., near Market.
UPPER flat, 6 rooms. 162 Clementina st. ; rent
♦to. : ; -
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$18— WATER free; nice flat, 5 rooms and bath;
nicely papered: all accommodations; 15098
Howard St., near 11th. Apply MADISON &
BURKE. 626 Market st.
$16—5 ROOMS and porcelain bath; 541 Castro
st. bet. Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
$22—8 large rooms, new building, upper fiat;
715 Castro St., near Twentieth.
$16—0 rooms; 16 Cumberland st., off Guerrero,
bet. Nineteenth and Twentieth.
F. NELSON, 709 Castro at.
! 4 AND 6 room flats on Twelfth st. and Glen
! Park aye. $13, $14, $15. $18 and $23 50. DEMP-
STER, 36 "Glen Park aye., oft Twelfth st.
i $9— UPPER flat of four rooms; sunny side. 472
I Linden aye., near Laguna st.
j $10 FLAT of 4 sunny rooms. 120 A Page St..
I bet. Gough and Octavia.
SAN JOSE aye., 143, nr. 24th— New modern
flat. 5 sunny rooms; gas, hot water, bath.
8 ROOMS. $14; also comfortable cottage, 4
eunny rooms. 623 Second, near Rincon aye.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A — SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 In
kitchen ami 1 in bedroom, with suit to match:
furniture all new; 12 per week; suitable for
4 or 5 persons. Apply at shce store, 062 Mis-
sion St., bet. First and Second.
AT 522 Polk— Nice sunny unfurnished front
suite; also single room; rent cheap; 3 fur-
nished rooms complete for housekeeping; $15.
BUCHANAN, 602, corn«r Fell— Bay-window,
furnished, $3; kitchen and dining room, $11;
bath.
! FIFTH 822— Newly renovated, sunny front,
connecting housekeeping rooms; complete;
bath; private; $10.
! FIRST, 303, corner Folsom — Cheap; $9; 5 rooms;
small; In excellent order. __^
FIFTH. Suite of rooms furnished for house-
keeping. j^, ■
FIFTH, 353—3 furnished housekeeping. $13; also
2 or 3 furnished, with bath; single, $4.
! FILLMORE. 618, near Hayes— furnished
rooms; also for light housekeeping; In good
family.
FILLMORE. 2212, near Clay— 3 sunny unfur-
nished rooms to small family; $10.
GUERRERO, 215—3 or 4 nicely furnished
sunny rooms; complete housekeeping; every
convenience; reasonable.
HOWARD. 1324—2 rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping.
HOWARD. 2337V4— or 3 completely furnished
large sunny front rooms; quiet; private;
cheap. '
HOWARD. 732— Sunny basement room, furnish-
ed for housekeeping; also others; rent reaa.
LAFAYETTE, 31, bet. Eleventh and Twelfth—
4 unfurnished rooms; rent $12.
LARKIN, 1315—2 or 3 sunny front and back
rooms furnished for housekeeping.
MINNA, Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing. ' :
MINNA, 648—2 large sanity unfurnished rooms,
$8 per month: nice respectable family. '
MISSION, 561. near Second— Large sunny front
room and kitchen complete for housekeeping.
MISSION, 1120— Newly furnished, large sunny
room with kitchen; rent $10.
OAK 1191—3 or 5 furnished rooms; entrance
Park; gas stove, bath; cheap; also single.
OCTAVIA, 1403. corner Geary— Bay-window, $8;
also kitchen and dining room, $11; bath.
SIXTH, Front sunny housekeeping rooms,
furnished complete.
SOUTH PARK. 184—2 large sunny rooms nicely
furnished for housekeeping.
TWENTY-THIRD," 31G6. near Howard— of
nice sunny flat; use of bath and laundry;
cheap. ■-:-.
VAN NESS aye., — Two sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping, with bath; $12.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
WINDSOR Hotel— Rooms without board; ac-
commodatlons for cooking. 9th & Washington.
„____ ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike: reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St.: trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; tel. Main 49.
A— SELECT home; Hotel Florence, 102 Ellis, ]
cor. Powell; elevator; baths; best attention.
A— STOCKTON, 242 — First-class sunny front
rooms; suite; single; facing plaza; day or mo.
AT 416~0' Farrell— Sunny rooms; suites; single;
by day, week or mo.; baths, running water.
AT 147 Powell, 211 O'Farrell — Rooms by the
day, week or month; very reasonable.
BOHEMIA, 181 Post— Sunny furnished rooms; 2 j
blocks from Palace Hotel; every convenience; i
elevator; transient; near principal clubs.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— suites
and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1433 . Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rma. ; $8, $10 mo.
EIGHTH, Sunny prettily furnished rooms,
with baths.
FIFTH, Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms j
to let. - ;-■ . ' ' ': ' ■ '■ '■:
FIFTH, » 309 — Large sunny corner : room run- j
. nlng water; other rooms; also housekeeping. |
FOLSOM, 613—3 large sunny rooms, furnished
complete for housekeeping; other rooms, sin- j
gle or ensulte, with bath.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— sl week and up;
nice clean sunny single and double rooms.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER. <
GEARY, Elegantly furnished rms.; suites
and single; also handsome doctor's suite.
GIRARD; House, 182 Seventh, near Howard— |
Bunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeepings j
."'. : ::■ ...... ......
ROOMS TO — Continued.
GOLDEN^GATE, 332— Furnished sunny front
rooms; single or en suite.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1016, nr. Laguna— Newly
furnished sunny front room for 2; bath; $12.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1057— Double and single
rooms furnished, $5 to $7 a month; no roomers
or children in house. ■ '
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— night, 25c to
i $1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
i single: elevator; moderate rates; families.
GRANT aye., Front suite; single rooms;
housekeeping rooms; transient solicited.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
i rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 1800, cor. Fourteenth— B or 4 sunny
front rooms; rent $8.
JONES, Nicely furnished suites and single
; rooms; reasonable; gas; water; bath; central.
1 ' ■
LF.AVENWORTH, 517—2 unfurnished rooms $8.
LARKIN, 227, cor. Golden Gate— sunny
. room, $7; also housekeeping suite; gas stove.
LARKIN, Sunny front room; nice and
clean; private house; for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
LEXINGTON aye., 169 — 8 nice large sunny
rooms and cellar; $10.
MCALLISTER, Ell — Homelike front suite for
housekeeping; single and double rooms;
cheap. ■
■ MCALLISTER. 535— 2 elegantly furnished sunny
front rooms, $10 and $8; or en suite. $16.
MISSION, 1241— sunny furnished rooms; first
floor; reasonable for quiet party.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
PINE, 910 — Quiet and homelike sunny rooms;
bath and gas; finest location In city.
POLK, 1622— Nice bay-window sunny front
suite; running water; gas; bath: light house-
keeplng; also single rooms reasonable.
POWELL, 317. formerly Cosmos Club—
grantly furnished rooms; reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STEVENSON. ;'64 — Nice sunny front room,
well furnished, $7 month; single room, $5;
private respectable family. . ■- :■
TAYLOR, 106, near Furnished rooms
for rent; 25c night and up.
TAYLOR, 622, corner Sutter— Newly furnished
room to rent, en suite or single; sunny; nice
view. .-_
TAYLOR, 706— A well-furnished sunny room for
centleman.
TURK, 127 — Nice large light parlor; suitable
doctor or office; cheap to right party.
VAN NESS, 80S— Beautiful sunny rooms; newly
furnished, modern every respect.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ELLIS, Nice sunny rooms with first-class
tßble board; use of parlor, piano; $20 up.
FOLSOM. 611— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HYDE, Sunny alcove, hot, cold water, with
board; also single room; private; reasonable.
HYDE, Hotel Victoria)— Nice sunny rooms;
bath; gas; telephone: with breakfast, $10 mo.
O'FARRELL, 742 — Very best board; pleasant
parlor, with piano; everything entirely new.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Good table board, $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week
THE HEATH, 312 Eddy— family board-
ing- house; first-class all appointments; hot
water every room; home cooking; terms mod.
THE ORIEL— elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-st. suites, with board for 2. $40 per
month: single rooms accordingly.
VALENCIA, 1070 (The Irving)— Family boards. ;
warm belt; large grounds; sunny rooms; reas.
400 VAN NESS aye.— board; first-class
home cooking; neat and clean; $3 per week.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
LADY 'wants to board children and give moth-
er's care. Apply 532 Stevenson St.
STORES TO LET.
$16— WATER free: store and 3 rooms: runny
and well lighted; location busy: 1509 A How-
ard. Apply to MADISON _ BURKE. 626
Market st.
FINE store, living rooms; fit for any business;
1007 Larkin st. ; $14. Apply 102 Eddy Bt.
NINTH at., corner Bryafrit— Stor«; Brood fixt-
ures, rooms and stable: rent low.
STORE corner Eleventh and Mission sts. ; fine
stand for saloon or French liquor store.
TO tailors— light, seat room to let In
front. 609 Pine.
$9— STORE and living room at 337 Noe st. ;
prosperous neighborhood.
$15— STORE, with 3 living rooms. 375 Sanchez,
n»xt public school : key 3SI Sanchez st. >
MEDICAL.
DR. JOSSELYN, the great specialist, removed I
to 865% Market at., opp. Powell; chronic and j
private diseases, lout manhood, female trou-
bles, irregularities, especial attention: with a j
mind matured and enriched by studies of an |
advanced order and 55 years' practice (45 years
in this city), enables him to warrant a per- |
feet cure In all cases; his female monthly
remedies are safe and never fail; consulta- j
tions free; letters promptly attended to. J.
H. JOSSELYN, M. D.. 865H Market St., S. F.
ALL ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. DavVa, !
true friends of all Invalids, men and women; ]
60 years' practice: safe and quick cure quar- t
anteed; any diseases or irregularity; disgrace i
avoided: kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, homo, |
etc. ; -babies adopted ; travelers treated ; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write: free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 122S Market
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2. ■
ALL of Dr. Foulet'a capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi- i
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef- |
fects; taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 60 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye., 8. F. A caution— Before pur- j
chasing elsewhere write us. I
DR. WISE, late of Bellevue Hospital, N. V. ;
offices, Hackmeler Hotel, 123 Eddy st. ; hours
9 to 11, 2 to 5 and 6 to 8; consult him for
treatment on all diseases peculiar to women; i
patients assured first-class medical attend- j
ance, besides enjoying privacy of home with i
; experienced attendants: strictest confidence i
maintained In all cases; consultation free.
A TREATMENT that restores . all cases of
• monthly irregularities (f-om whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no Instruments used;
travelers helped at once; home in confine- |
ment; every case guaranteed: consultation
free and confidential; self-cure, $5; pills, $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 208 Turk St., near Jones.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine or lnstru-
.ments used; restores in one day without fail; I
every woman her own physician; away dis- I
grace; consultation free; can be sent and used
at home: pills' and capsules. $1; cure $5; by
the well-known DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause: no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly;
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
$1 60; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate I
aye.; private home in confinement, with every
. comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate: Infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal. j
LADIES wishing secrecy during confinement j
can find good home & treatment by Mrs. Karr, :
2514 Fulton st. McAllister car passes houuu. j
MRS. ACHARD, midwife: home in confine- j
ment; confinement alone, $6. 156 Second st.
LADIES — Mrs." Dr. Puetz ; Infallible, safe reme-
dies: 38 years' experience. 2£4»,i Fourth st.
DR. HALL. 122S Market St., diseases of women I
- and children. ■ - - ■
~~~"~ DENTISTS. | ~~~~
A FULL set of teeth, $5: see- new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work '
our specialty; fillings, 60c;- crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted.. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent" i
Ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
. patentee of - improved' bridge work or ' teeth !
. without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; filling*. 2."0 up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market st., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near j
Eleventh; 'crowns, bridge work and filling a j
.specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
■ g* ■ ' -■ — — .
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by
; New York dentists. 969 Mission, cor. .Sixth.
PAINLESS filling a specialty. DRS. PERRY
.<- CHRISTIE. 8 Mason t--t.. cor. Market.
: PHYSICIANS. :
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and ; residence,
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
CITY REAL ESTATE. , .
$2000 — ONE-SIXTH cash, balance small
monthly payments; 4 rooms and bath cottage
finished complete with every modern conve-
nience: lot 25x114, on Twentieth St., near Castro.
$3600— $500 CASH. balance Installments; a
• large 6-room 2-story house with high finished
I basement; highly decorated and 4 bay-windows;
street accepted; choice location. Castro St.,
near Twentieth. F. NELSON. 709 Castro st.
PLANS, specifications, etc.. submitted for any
kind of bldg. W. Rednall. bldr.. 1326 Hayes.
PERSONALS.
WANTED— To" communicate, with milliners,
dressmakers and others who have been In-
duced to pay money to a certain party on
representation of being appointed agents for
a composition styled toilet cream. Address
H., box 10, Call office.
PILES; Frelling's Piles Salve— Warranted to
cure all cases; $1 per box. Residence 1628
DevUadero st., near Sutter Bt.
JOSEPH GREVEN'S vocal pupils are public
favorites all over the United States; profes-
sional terms, $10 monthly. in advance, for 2
lessons weekly, only for those who start in
before the beginning of the season— i. c.,
August 10. 1236 Market st. *
I MAKE it my aim to please each and every
one; halrdresslng. 25c only: hair restored to
its natural color from $1 50 up; good switches.
$1; finest. $3 50: extra. $5; open Sunday, I) to
12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st. '■
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHILDREN'S class at Hinman's School of
Dancing. 1412 Polk St., Is now open on Satur-
day afternoons. •
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny.
NEW method of treating diseases by elec-
tricity; lessons given. 1515 A Howard st.
PILES— If you are troubled with them ad-
dress box 6984, Call office, for cure.
ELECTRIC sealskin jackets to order, $50.
MARX'S Fur Store, 957 Market st.
LEDERER'S Quinonia cleanses the scalp; has
no equal. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and herb cure. 579 Geary at.
HOME In confinement: dlseasea of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth St., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
839 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
DRESSMAKERS.
COMPETENT dressmaker; makes children's
dresses, fitted at their homes. Address D..
branch Call office, 387 Hayes st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses, $5
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy St., rm. 14-15.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
THE RECOGNIZED LEADER
Of Clairvoyance and Occult Science.
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST.
MANY IMITATE,
BUT NO ONE CAN EQUAL.
PROF. M. OMAR The Occult Wonder
HAS NO EQUAL.
825. ...EDDY 5T. ...825.
Gives full name of every caller.
Names of your sweethearts or husband.
Gives advice to make you successful in love,
business, marriage, divorce, law suits, etc.
Cures drunkenness, bad habits, evil Influences.
OMAR.. NEVER FAILS
TO UNITE THE SEPARATED
and
Causes speedy and happy marriages.
Guarantees success in all cases.
Private Residence.
Separate parlors for ladies and gentlemen.
All business r.acredly confidential.
Letters containing 4 questions and $1 answered.
ATTENTION! YOUR DESTINY FORETOLD!
PROF. H. ROMAINE,
THE ORIENTAL SEER,
LATE OF INDIA.
In order to quickly Introduce his work and
give all an opportunity to test his powers, all
fees reduced for one week. A $2 reading for $L
He calls you by name.
Tells names of your friends.
Tells you what you called for.
Tells all about your business affairs.
All about your love and domestic affairs. .
Causes speedy marriages.
Reunites the separated in seven days.
Locates burled treasures in five days.
Locates mines and valuable ores.
Recovers old estates and valuable papers.
Removes evil influences, bad habits, etc
Gives good luck in all your undertakings.
Guarantees Success
In any of the above work or Money Refunded.
Being a Master, He Never Falls.
Hours, 10 to 8. Satisfaction guaranteed by mall.
Letters with stamp answered.
OFFICES, 12C6 MARKET ST., SUITE 104.
__
_____
MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
Unrivaled.
Trance Clairv. -ant and Medium.
While entranced she will reveal every hidden
mystery In life: will show you how to over-
come your enemies, remove family troubles,
restore lost affections; unites the separate, re-
covers lost, stolen or buried property: locates
treasures, minerals; tells your entire life,
past, present and future, while in a perfect
trance. Hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m. ; perfect
ratisfaction guaranteed by mall. Bend stamp
for circular with special terms.
Rooms 25 and 26. 1206 Market street.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. "
Medical clairvoyant and medium, will diag-
nose diseases and treat with revealed reme-
dies, which are a boon to suffering humanity;
stamp for circular. 232 StocKton st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
eight; diagnoses disease; full life reading: la.
60c, gents $1; palm, andclalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. RAMONDI; ycur fortune told by
chirography, $1 and $2. 108 Grant aye., room 2.
SONORA RAMONA. medium and card reader;
10c; ladies only. 23 Ash aye.
mmi: SODAN, Scotch seeress. card reader and
palmist; from 0 to 8. 619 Eddy st.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card
reader; 26c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Fan-ell st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band'H picture, 25c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
SPIRITUALISM.
- •
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia st. ; read-
ings, $1; dr.. Tueß.'. Frl., 2 p. m.; Mon. 8; 25c.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 2124 Sixth at.
M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Haight st. '
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, trance
test medium and life reader. 232 Stockton st.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. CHANDLER; readings dally at resl-
dence, 353 Geary st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no . delays. J.
■ NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., abova
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at - the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Marjcet St.; tel. Green 204. ; - 
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest interest. Room 68, 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6^4 per cent on real estate: 2d
and 8d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
MONEY loaned on furniture and pianos without
removal. 205 Examiner building.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal; lowest rates;,
no commission; private. 116 McAllister st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery *t.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee j without success; collections, iO. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collections,
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkln.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bid*., 927 Mar-
ket; confutation free; no fees in advance.
339 HAVES ST.— Branch office Of Th» - Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. ;■ ' 
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
$150 FOR 10 acres; payable $10 a month, with-
I out interest or taxes: fine valley land, under
, irrigation canal; railroad- runs through the
tract; fine fruit and farming land; only 13
tracts left; call Immediately and secure one
before It Is too late. WESTERN LAND CO..
640 Market st. .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
— FOR a 3-room cottage and three nice
lots; $25 cash; monthly Installments to suit.
Lots in the Allendale Tract, East Oak-
land, $5 cash, $5 monthly on one or more lota;
3 electric car lines; fine school; city water;
grand boulevard near; 35 families now located:
view, location and 801 l unexcelled; building up
rapidly; perfect drainage. Call or send for
circular, 455 Seventh st., cor. Broadway, Oak-
land. H. Z. JONES, owner. ■
$1600, COST $2500; story-and-a-half new house:
mortgage $1300; must be sold at once; $300
cash; fine neighborhood; street macadamized,
etc. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
HANDSOME modern home; Just completed; 2-
• story, 7-room; modern In every particular;
completely finished and specially well built:
lot 40x125;' 3 minutes from, local station, 30
minutes from San Francisco; one of the
choicest residence localities in Oakland; easy
monthly payments. HERON & HOLCOMB,
1050 Broadway.
NEW modern home; a bargain: must be sold;
near. Grove-st. electric cars; within city lim-
■ its; 10 rooms and bath: cement basement;
nickel-plated open plumbing; all modern con-
' veniences; lot 50x120. ' Apply to owner at once,
: 810 Thirty-sixth St., Oakland. -
J. CALLAGHAN. real estate dealer, notary
poblir: prarnrtv Ir.nk^rt after. Sl4 Brnadwar.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
COTTAGE, large grounds; good location. 441
Sherman aye., near Thirty-sixth. Telegraph-
avenue cars. .
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
SUNNY rooms with board; quiet neighborhood;
near local trains. 1020 Adeline St., Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
1 HAAS' old store, 408 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
8 ROOMS; lot 37x100 $1600
9 rooms; lot 100x145 7500
11 rooms; lot 70x150 8000
7 rooms; lot 25x150 1350
Lot 50x207 800
Lot 50x150 1000
Send for our list of bargains In property
which must be sold on account of mortgage.
E. D. JUDD & CO.
. 1424 Park St., Alameda.
ATTENTION! Fine property for sale cheap;
corner lot; 134 feet on Pacific aye. by 150 feet
on Schiller St.; tine property for a large
residence, or if necessary could be subdivided;
3 houses on premises; 5 or 6 rooms each; all
rented. Apply to BEN ARIAI, corner house.
$2100 WILL buy fine lot, with elegant modern
6-room cottage built to order. Terms, J. H.
YOUNG, 1243 Park st.
ALAMEDA BARGAINS.
$1300— 38:4x100; neat house: 4 rooms and
bath; any terms.
$1500— Lot 26x150; nice house; 5 rooms and
bath; any terms.
$2200— Lot 25x147; nice new shingled 2-story
house; 6 rooms and bath.
$1500 — Lot 40x100; 2-story; 7 rooms: worth
$2500.
$2800— Lot 42x150; elegant new modern cotta?e;
7 rooms and bath; up-to-date.
$3000— Lot 42x150; fine NW. corner: 7 rooms
and bath; new and modern.
Lot 100x145; eld ant corner lot, with » rooms
and bath, stable, fruit trees, etc.
All well located; near school and station;
street work done. Apply at once to
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
Houses to let. 1432 Park st.. Alameda.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
FOR — 5-room cottage near electric
cars; short walk to U. C. grounds. Address
2223 Shattuck aye., Berkeley. -
INCOME property, annual rents $Sl6, for farm
near Oakland. S2S Lombard st.
" PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Furnishing and Delivering
One Hundred (100) Keyless-Door Fire Alarm
Hexes for the Fire Alarm and Police Tele-
g.-apa. •: -. • ;>.
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Supervi-
sors of the City and County of San Francisco,
August 9, 1838.
In accordance with resolution No. 1528
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors.
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received In
open session of the Board of Supervisors, on
MONDAY AFTERNOON, August 15. 1898.
from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for the furnishing and
delivery (for use of the Fire Alarm and
Police Telegraph) of one hundred (100) key-
less-door fire alarm boxes, complete with all
apparatus and connections, in accordance
with specifications on file in the office of the
Superintendent of the Fire Alarm and Police
Telegraph, at No. 17 Brenham place.
The said fire alarm boxes to be constructed
to the satisfaction of and to be approved
by the Superintendent of the Fire Alarm and
Police Telegraph and the Committee on Fire
Department of the Board of Supervisors.
Bidders will estimate and state a price for
which they will furnish and deliver the said
. boxes, complete in every particular, and ready
for use, to the Superintendent of the Fire
Alarm and Police Telegraph, within ninety
days from date of contract.
For any further information required, bid-
ders will apply to the Superintendent of the
Fire Alarm and Police Telegraph.
Bidders will be required to furnish a sample
of their respective Fire Alarm Boxes.
The party to whom the contract is awarded
will be required, prior to or at the time of the
execution of the contract, to pay the cost of
' advertising this notice in three daily news-
papers.
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
cilitate the award the Board has resolved to j
receive no bid unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified i
check for the sum of one thousand ($1000) dol-
lars deposited by the bidder with and made
payable to the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors, conditioned if the proposal be ac-
cepted and the contract awarded; and If the
bidder shall fall or neglect to pay the print-
ing charges, execute the contract and give the
required bond within six days after the
award is made, then and In that case the said
sum shall be paid into the City and County
Treasury by said Clerk as liquidated damages
for such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids if the public good so require.
JXO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
PROPOSALS— the Leasing, for Five Years. !
of Two Blocks of Land, Known as "Market i
Places," Bounded hy Channel, Irwln, Hudson :
and Fifth streets.
Office of the Clerk of trie Board of Supervisors
of the City and County of San Francisco,
August 9, IS9B.
In accordance with Resolution No. 1531
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received in
open session of the Board of Supervisors on I
MONDAY AFTERNOON. August 15, IR9S,
' from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for the leasing, for a
term of five (5) years, the two blocks of city I
property situated on the south side of Chan- ;
nel street, and known as "Market Places,"
bounded by Channel, Irwin, Hudson and Fifth
streets, under the following conditions, to-
wlt *
CONDITIONS.
The lessee shall, where necessary, fill in
the said blocks, and the said blocks must
be to the official grade at the expiration of j
the lease.
That in no event will the city and county
agree to give an entrance or approach by \
land to the said property, as the lessee will j
be required to procure a right of way by j
land. If desired or required, at his own cost j
and charge.
The lessee will be required to give a bond in \
the sum of five thousand ($3000) dollars, with
two good and sufficient sureties thereon, that i
the conditions herein required will be strictly !
complied with, and on failing to comply with
any "of the said conditions, then the said lease !
shall thereupon terminate and be of no force
or effect, and the amount of said bond shall i
be forfeited, and shall be paid or collected i
by suit for the city and county as liquidated ;
damages for such failure and neglect
All Improvements made by the lessee on said '
blocks shall, at the expiration of the lease,
revert to the city and county.
Bidders will estimate and state the amount
they will pay monthly as rental for the two
blocks jointly, with th" distinct understanding
that the lease will be made to the highest bid-
der therefor, and that the payments on said
lease shall be made monthly to the Mayor of
this city and county.
The party to whom the lease may be
granted will be required, prior to or at the
time of the execution of the lease, to nay
the cost of advertising this and a former no-
tice in three daily newspapers.
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
cilitate the granting of the lease, the Board
has resolved to receive no bids unless made
upon blank forms prepared by the committee
and a certified check for the sum of one
thousand ($1000) dollars deposited by the bid-
der with and made payable to the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, conditioned if the
proposal be accepted' and the lease granted'
and if the bidder shall fail or neglect to pay
the printing charges and sign the agreement
and give the required bond within six days
after the said lease la granted, then and "in
that case the said sum shall be paid into
the City and County Treasury by said Clerk
as • liquidated damages for such failure and
neglect. : ..
. Blanks furnished :by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids If the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk,
BICYCLES.
BIG sacrifice, second-hand bicycles; first come,
first rerved. J. HOLLE. 20th and Folsom sta.
MARRIAGE . LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Earlton H. Traxler and Ida S. Gray 27-21
Peter Curry and Annie Conway 38-27
Bastino Furio and Carolina Chlloin ..;... 25-16
David Peyser and Gussle Baer 37-22
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must b»
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
| BOOTH— In Oakland, August 12, IS9B, to tha
wife of Stuart W. Booth, a son.
CROOKS— 11, 1898, to the wife of George
B. Crooks, a daughter.
MARRIED.
ALEXANDER— BLUM— Stockton, August
10, IS9B, by the Rev. Dr. Davidson, Abraham
S. Alexander and Sarah Blum, both of San
' Francisco. ■'■'■ ■..-?■■■:■'■■
i DIED.
; Adams, John F* McAvoy, Rev. Father
Boyce. George S. McGlade, Delia
• Buddrus, Fred " Man waring. Charles
Clark, Franklin N. Melia, Patrick J.
Corrigan, John Mevn, Rebecca C.
! Dwyer, Ellen Neate, Thomas A.
Ewell, L. J. Padilla. Virginia
Hauser, Abraham Price, Herman
Jellis, Aggie Rily, Joao G.
Kelly, Josephine • Swett, Daniel
Kenny, Catherine Thompson, Frank M.
ADAMS— In this city. August 12. 1898, John
' F., beloved husband of Gertrude E. Adams,
and father of Russell Adams, a native of
San Francisco, aged 29 years and 2S days.
BOYCE— In this city, August 11. IS9S, George
S. Boyce, brother of Hamilton G., William
T., Robert A. and Margaret Boyce and Mrs.
J. W. Brown, a native of California, aged
28 years.
C?" Interment private.
BOYCE— G. S., beloved husband of Annie T.
Boyce, father of Rita Boyce, and brother- of
William. Rob, Madge and Sadie Boyce, a
' BUDDRUS— In this city, Fred, beloved hus-
band of Bertha Buddrus. and father of Paul,
Bertha and Richard Abel, a native of Memel,
Germany, aged 53 years and 1 month.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 35 Madison avenue, between Fifth and
Sixth streets, off Harrison.
CLARK— In Oakland, August 11. ISM, Frank-
lin N. Clark, a native of New York, aged
68 years 10 months and 21 days.
[CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the chapel
of the crematory in I. O. O. F. Cemetery,
San Francisco.
CORRIGAX— In the City and County Hospital,
August 12. 1898, John Corrigan, a native of
Ireland, aged 43 years.
DWYER— In this city, August 12, IS9S. Ellen,
beloved wife of George Dwyer, mother of
George A. and the late W. H. Dwyer, and
Bister of Mrs. Sarah Tronter of Nephl, Utah,
a native of the city of Belfast, Ireland, aged
60 years and 4 months. (Salt Lake City pa-
pers please copy.)
mFFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, from ncr late resi-
dence, 448 Tenth street, near Bryant, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at 8 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
EWELL— In this city. August 11. 1898, L. J.,
beloved husband of Suaan H. Ewell, and
. father d Mrs. S. B. Reed and Zaida H.
Ewell. a native of New York, aged 69 years
10 months and 6 days.
[CT'F'rie.nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
H C Bunker & Co., 2666 Mission street. Mis-
sion Masonic Temple. Interment private.
HAUSER— In this city, August 12. IS9S. Abra-
ham Hauser, beloved father of Mrs. L. Lip-
man and Dave and Isador Hauser. brother of
Mrs. Isaac Louenstein, and grandfather of
Milton and Joseph Lipmann, a native of
Germany, aged 79 years and 7 months.
JELLIS— In this city, August 11. 1898. Aggie,
beloved daughter of James and Jennie Jellis.
a native of San Francisco, aged 9 years 10
months and 8 days.
KELLY— In this city, August 11, 1898, Jose-
phine, beloved wife of J. H. Kelly, daughter
of the late Eugene and Emma Duprea, and
sister of the late H. P. Moreal, a native of
San Francisco, aged 36 years.
|C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
! (Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her lata
residence, Arkansas street, near Solano,
thence to St. Teresa's Church for services
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
KENNY— In this city, August 11, IS9B, Cather-
ine, beloved wife of Owen Kenny, mother of
Thomas Kenny, and sißter of Gertrude Me-
Grath, and sister-in-law of Mrs. P. Lof tua
and Mrs. R. Murray, a native of County Tip-
perary, Ireland, aged 27 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 248 Clementina street, off Fourth,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McAVOY— San Leandro. August 11, ISS3,
Rev. Father J. McAvoy. .:~U:<
EXThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Leandro's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul. Inter-
ment San Leandro Cemetery.
McGLADE— In this city. August 11, 1898. Delia,
dearly beloved wife of Michael McGlade, and
mother of the late Lizzie and John Mc-
Gltule, a native of County Louth, Ireland,
aged 26 years and 8 months.
■ MANWARING— this city, August 11, 1898.
Charles \\\, beloved son of Mrs. Amalia
Manwarins, a native of Missouri, aged 34
years 5 months and 14 days. ..;r '_ : -;-
O"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from "asonic Tem-
ple corner of Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Pacific Lodge No. 136.
F. and A. M.
MELIA— In San Ramon, August 12. IS9B, Pat-
rick J. Melia of San Francisco, aged 73 years.
MEYN— In this city. August 12. 1898. Rebecca
C dearly beloved wife of Peter Meyn. and
mother of Henry and William M. Meyn, a
native of Hanover, Germany, aged 62 years
i 3 months and 5 days. A member of Walhalla
Rebekah Lodse No. 130, I. O. O. P.. San
Francisco Frauen Verein and Olympia Cir-
cle No. 141. C. O. F. (New York papers
please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
I 6 O — To the officers and members of
'Walhalla Rebekah Lodge No. 130, I. O. O. F. :
You are hereby requested to assemble at I.
OOF. Hall. Market and Seventh ; streets.
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, to attend
the funeral of our late sister, Mrs. Rebecca
C. Meyn. By order of W)RBNTZ> N Q
C. wejn. i» Rg I.ORENTZ, N. O.
MRS. C. UHI.IG. Fin. Pec.
• SAX FRANCISCO FRAUEN VEREIN-To the
officers and members of the San Francisco
Frauen Verein: You are hereby requested to
I assemble at Druids' Hall. 413 Sutler street,
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, to attend
the funeral of our late sister, Mrs. Rebecca
C. Meyn. Better* HORSTMANX> Preg .
MRS. A. MAAS, Sec.
C O F — To the officers and members of
Olympia Circle No. 141, CO. F. : You are
hereby requested to assemble at Suhr parlors,
■ 1209 Mission street, to-morrow (Sunday), at
i " I*3o o'clock, to attend the funeral of our late
companion, Mrs. Rebecca C. Meyn. By order
P MRS. MINNIE WARREN.
• Chief Companion.
MRS. ALICE, FOLLETT. Fin. Sec.
NEATE— In this city August 11, 1898, Tnomaa
A. Neate, a native of England, aged 55
' year?.
r^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th*> funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
! Charles J. B. Metrler. 636 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill . Cemetery.
■ PAPILLA— this city, August 12. 189S, Vir-
ginia beloved daughter of Leuz and Gene-
vieve Padilla. a native of California, aged 9
years and 7 months. •
i PRICE— this city, August 13, 1898. Herman.
b°loved brother of Nathan Price, a native of
New York, aged 39 years.
! RiLT— ln this city, August 12, 1893, Joao Gomel
Rily. a native of Madeira. Island, aged 79
years and 10 months.
Friend 3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the Portuguese
Protective and Benevolent Association's Hall,
510 Bush street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of Me-
. Avoy & Co., 1235 Market street.
SWETT— In Bay Farm Island, Alameda, Au-
gust 11. 1898, Daniel, beloved husband of
Sarah F. Swett, and Father of Laura A. and
Lilli* Burris and W. C, Lucy F. and Daniel
S. Swett.
(E?"Frlend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 3:45 o'clock, at the
Unitarian Church, Grand- street, Alameda;
Grand-street station, broailgauge; Morton-
street station, narrow-gauge. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
THOMPSON —In this city. August 12. 1898.
Frank M beloved husband of Mary A.
Thompson, and father bf Edward and Mabel
Thompson, a native of Chicago, 111., aged
61 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
tSunday). at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence," 1933 O'Farrell street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
*V " McAVOY & GALLAGHER. §
[FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERSB
■ 20 FIFTH ST., opp. Lincoln School. 1
i 5 _..- T - c _ I ffl hQ j i 1 gj- I^n^ h so : _.:_t
1314
AN OUTSPOKEN
ASPIRANT FOR
U, S, SENATOR
First Step Required for
Party Success.
MUST WIN THE LEGISLATURE
B. IT. BULLA OF LOS ANGELES
SPEAKS TO THE POINT.
Entered the Contest When There
Was No Thought of a Guberna
: .torial Candidate From
the South.
As A. Camlnettl desired to attend tho
Democratic convention In Atnarlor County
and T. W. 11. Shanahan was engaged In
the dls-eminatlon of Populistic doctrines,
Senator R. NBulia, the Third member of
fho Code Commission, found yesterday an
musj.i.iotis day for putting aFide tho codes
'of the law and taking up the ethics of
as applied to aspirants for the
United States Senate. Mr. liulla had a
hpleasant chat with Major Frank Mc
.Hn, chairman of the Republican
iCta'to Committee, early In the afternoon,
«ji<3 later in the day had a pleasant inter
view with United States Senator Perkins
©.t tl ip office.
At his rooms in the Grand Hotel, Mr.
t&ulla vms asked to speak regarding his
honor of serving' Califor
nia .In the Senate of the United States.
Jjt is fair to the State 9enator to say that
Sjfte did not court the interview, and
•neither did he flee from it. lie said:
.'it i? true that I am an aspirant for the
"Benatorship. When I made up my mind
>fo ■ enter for the contest It seemed to be
ijtho accepted conclusion that tho deleg-a
•'tton from California in the United States
Seenate should consist of one Senator from
ftlie- northern part of the State and one
from the region of the State south. You
yrtll pardon me if I say that I was con-
I that the position would not be
put .up at auction, but that all aspirants,
rich or poor alike, could aspire and be
, judged on their merits and public record.
rred then, and refer now, to my ser
vice in public office.
"I am In the field as a candidate," con
tinued Mr. Bulla. "yet I have not asked
a candidate for the Legislature or a single
on.c of the hold-over Senators to vote for
me. The first step toward the success of
.'any Republican aspirant is the election
•of a Republican Legislature. I will say
■ this frankly, although ii may not be pru
•dent to say it, that ■••hen I entered the
■tfFts for the Senate of the Un'icrci States
' ithere was no thought in the south of
•ibringing forward a candidate for Gov
ernor from that section of the State. It
vas accepted as an established custom.
: or' principle, that this State, with its di-
SrersiUts^ of production and Its varying in
terests, bhould always be represented in
nate by one Senator from the north
and another from the south. There should
•be no departure from this feature of rep
resentation. The division is fair and just,
■ as .every candid man who considers the
isiUon must admit. There was no
:ht of ;i Southern California eandi
<3ut<" frr Governor until Mr. Gage's can
<l!'dacy was injected.
"Many public men, some of them friend-
. • • ADVERTISEMENTS^
b fl I--JB I
■I & I
• . ..'
Instantly Relieved by
a Warm Bath
.'/',. wifli
tes&a single anointing 1 with
J3JIICURA, purest of emol-
.; lients and greatest of skin
Wes. This is the most
Speedy permanent and eco-
nomical treatment for tor-
in* tog, disfiguring, itching:,
l&nting, bleeding, scaly,
limply aid crusted skin,
scaJp and blood humors,
. with loss of hair.
nilMm F^C Blackheads, red and oily
•It IiTIr^JL»JL.O skin, red. rough hands,
idry thin and falling hair, and simple baby
.blemishes prevented by CUTICURA SOAP, be-
cause the only preventive of inflammation and.
clogging of the pores. CUTICURA SOAP, be-
! cause of it.« delicate emollient properties, Is
the • most soothing, cooling and purifying ap-
S" Ucatlon for ■ summer rashes, tan. sunburn.
1 Ues and Ftln(--s of insacts. irritations, chas-
ings, inflammations, undue or offensive perspir-
ation, as well as for many other sanative uses.
•Bold throughout the world. Price, CUTI-
CCRA SOAP, 23c. CUTICURA (ointment). £>c.
POTTER DRUG AND CHEM. CORP.. Boston,
So!f Props British Depot. 1 King Edward St..
London. "How to Prevant Itching Skin," free.
ly and others indifferent, fancied that as a
measure of protection for myself as a
candidate for tho United States Senate I
should oppose Mr. Gage's efforts to secure
the Republican nomination for Governor.
Upon mature reflection^ I concluded that
the subject of a nominee for Governor
could bo safely left to fhe Republican
BtatQ Convention, and, therefore, 1 have
tiot as much as protested against trie
Fending of a solid delegation to Sacra
mento in support of Mr. Gagre.
"It is my judgment now, as it was when
I entered the contest for the United
States Senate, that the nominee for Gov
ernor should be a clean, strong man from
one of the bay counties. I know that
such a nominee would command the full
Republican vote of Southern California
"ln a conversation I had with Mr. \al
entine. who may be a candidate for
Speaker of the Assembly. I said to him,
as a friend: 'Do you expect that Mr. Gage
of I.os Angeles will be nominated tor gov
ernor, Judte Williams of Ventura for the
Supreme Court, Mr. Guy of San Diego
for Attorney General, Mr. Reeves of ban
Bernardino for State Treasurer and. after
all these nominations have been secured,
a Ix)s Angeles man will be chosen Speaker
of the Assembly? I told him that the
Republicans of tho northern end of the
State would expect some recognition from
the convention.
"It will be no easy task for the Repub
licans to carry California, To insure suc
tho gubernatorial nominee must be
an able active and popular man. who will
command the full strength of the party
in every section of the State."
NON-PABTISATfS ORGANIZE.
Meeting 1 of the Convention Held and
the Course During the Coming
Campaign Outlined.
At a meeting of the Citizens' Non-Par
tisan Convention held Thursday evening
at the Academy of Sciences Hall it was
decided to organize for the coming cam
paign. George K. Fitch was unanimously
eleoted to the position of permanent
chairman, and will direct the work of the
convention in conjunction with the vari
ous committees to be appointed in the
near future.
After considerable discussion as to
whether it would be advisable to increase
the present membership roll of the con
vention from fifty to seventy-five, it was
decided to preserve the present formation.
Resolutions were passed declaring mem
bers of the committee eligible, to munici
pal office and exacting a pledge from all
REGISTER TO-DAY.
Ptegistra/tion. "V^ill Close:
3yEonc3.a,3r 'at ]^Eic3.:n.iglrt. ♦
+
DO NOT LOSE YOUR VOTE. X
+
Indorsed candidates that the charter will
be supported. A similar resolution was
passed to the effect that no candidate for
Governor or any other office will tit- sup
ported by the Non-Partisans unless he la
strictly in favor of the adoption of the
new charter. . t
The following officers wer« appointed ny
the organizing committee to serve at the I
convention: President. George K. Fitch:.
vice presidents— Frank J. Sullivan, h.. J.
Lfi Breton. J. S. Webster; secretaries— S.
J Milliken, William Abbott; treasurer.
Colonel E. A. Denicke; serjeants-at-arms
—William Schedcle and George Cummlng.
The appointment of the various com- |
mittees was left to the discretion of |
Chairman Fitch and the vice presidents.
Whatever names are chosen will be sub
mitted for adoption before the conven
tion at the next meeting, to be held in
Frank J. SulHtsui mad.- a strenuous ef
fort to have the resolution demanding
that candidates for State legislative of
flees should Pledge themselves to support ,
the new charter repealed. He favored the
resolution In its application to municipal
affairs, but thought that it should not
Btand in the wav should a member of the !
convention bo sought for a State ofhr^
Ho explained openly that his objection ,
was founded on the nrobable nomination |
of ex-Mayor Ellert for Governor. After
con^idertbl." discussion the objection was |
sustained and the resolution altered to
refer in its terms simply to municipal
officers.
PARDEE MAKES SELECTIONS.
Names His Delegates and Makes a
Bid for the Support of the
"Gang."
OAKLAND. Aug. 12.--George C. Pardee i
has dug his own political grave. To-day
he made public the names of his candi
dates for delegates to the State conven
tion. The Davis tickets in the various As- ,
sembly districts are also made public, and |
a comparison of the two lists is only ne
cessary to show which has the respecta- |
We element with him. The two lists are
as follows:
PARDEE'S DELEGATES.
Forty-sixth District-A. W. Moore Dr W.
Thompson, J. O. Mattes Jr., I. V. Ralph. J.
J >ry°SV ce C ».h nDKS-H.n D KS-H. f. M«*. B. D.
Ornv W F Lynch, Egbert Stone. Hugh Di
xnond Henry Seventy, Ralph Hamlln, J. L.
BaUentlne J. B. Lanktrce^ Henry Tank, P.
S S.C. L. Tisdale. George Britt, J. C.
B J -eWhth Dlstrict->f. C. Adams. A. C.
Berk' R? W. Church. J. H. Henderson, Frank
Bam**/ Miles Doody. Eugene Lynch, F. E.
B Fort a y?ninth District - James Hamilton,
cfo£e Baxl"y J. 11. Bennett. C. A. Chiches
t/r J G &v F. K. Mott William Long.
George R. Stetson, J. M. Nash. L. H. Cobb,
Flftfetta District— Clarence Crowell, J. W.
TnniDklnß A II Breed, J. F. Summers, John
WtcheU. 9 ' J A.' Bliss. George E Randolph.
Maraton Campbell. George S. Meredith. P. W.
"*«?$«! Dlstrict-S. N. Wyckoff. W H.
Waste F C Marllave, Frank Fowden. John
M Foy C II Daly, A J. Read. J. T. Carey.
MWM W Evans Hu^Hogan, W A Dow. Frank
ParceUs. G. B. Daniels. A. D. Colby, J. M.
Pcdrinl.
DAVIS DELEGATES.
r . dpipirate-at-larKe— H. Chlckering.
?r ; iuth Distrift-P. R. Fassett Frank
Lewis A w Moore, O. B. Langan, J. vv.
Thomford:' John J. Riser, E. J. lanert. John
GalleKos Jr.. Henry Tyson. _.
Forty-seventh District— J. A. Remmel, W. W.
Ha-kefl G A. Bordwell, Edward Houston. D.
"C. R. J. Van Voorhiea, Fritz Boehmer,
Vf II Davis. E. D. Judd. A. Lorsbach. J. *<■■
Ji-fTrirss. Frank Storcr. Harry T. Smyth, So-
Forty-eV(thth District— N. Fox. P. J.
Bartola, Louis O. Wolfe, Peter Baker, M. D.
Hyde, Eugene Voorhles. E. A. Halnes. Geore»
r Fo^rty h nlr.th District-J. C. Ruedd. W. I. Rob
inson. Frederick Eandelln. Ferdinand
Don F. Miller, Redmon Staats. H. B. Belden.
O. W. Drake, Fred M. Walsh, Theodore Swift.
P. Redmond. . «,'.;«''■
Fiftieth District— C. Edv/ardß, C E.
Cotton, Mark A. Thomas. Jamoa Moffltt. C. W.
Keller, G«>orKe F. Neeco. J. S. White. W. H.
Quinn Theodore Gier, William Moller.
Flfty-flrot District— F. K. Shattuck. W. H.
MarHton OoorKe T. Bush, Louia Gottshall.
Walter P. Wootaey, D. Edward Collins. Robert
Johnson. E. J. Cotton, Francisco Baaduccl, J.
R. Daißbltt. W. H. Flfleld. J. S. Derby, Clar-
I ence M. Selfridge, W. L. Taylor, John Yule.
Never has the "push" received such
flattering recognition as it has at the
hands o/ Dr. Pardee. This will be all the
more r«*idi!y manifested when the voters
stop to consider that they were allowed
no part in the selection of the delegates.
Dr. Pardee plainly told them he would
not trust those of them whom he knew
to be his friends to .choose their dele
gates, but insisted on foisting upon them
I such henchmen as ho saw fit to name.- ]
Dr. Pardee has lost many Republican
J votes because of his unfortunate • selec
| tions, but ho hopes to more- than offset
i them by the Democratic heelers he has
drawn to his support. Hundreds of Dem
! ocrats in Oakland alone refrained from
signing their own club rolls, but Instead
I openly joined the Republican ward clubs
solely to help Pardee out.
Got a copy of to-day's News Letter. ]
contains seventeen handsome views c
the I. O. O. F. columbarium. •
The summer girl looks happy, but the
cow standing knee-deep in a pool looks
happier.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, SATURDAY, AUGUST 13, IS9B.
TIREY L. FORD
MAKES A MEW
COMBINATION
Now in Los Angeles
With H. T. Gage.
SOUTHERN MANAGERS UNEASY
FEAR THAT THEY WILL LOSE
THE SENATOR.
Plans Are Being Laid to Bring
Solid Delegation From. South
of the Tehachapi
Line.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 12.— The political
Mecca of the politicians south of Te
hachapl was to-day honored by the pres
ence of Tirey L. Ford, Republican candi
date for Attorney General. His coming
has not only created a stir among the
local politicians, but it ha.s also strength
ened materially the belief that the plans
of the managers of Henry T. Gage for
forming a combination with other candi
dates is being carried out. Senator Ford,
has apartments at the Hollenbeck, the
headquarters of Mr. Gage, and the fact
has been commented upon by many of
the more liberal minded friends of the
local candidate for Governor. They are
apprehensive of the danger connected
With the making of any combination,
should such be attempted, and regard
such a proceeding as detrimental to the
best interests of the party, desiring, as
they do. the success of the party at the
coming election. They believe that the
nominations should be made entirely free
from any suspicion of political chicanery.
thus avoiding the creating of internal
strife in the party, and they express
themselves as against any candidate Who
will be a party to such methods.
The editorials recently published in The,
Call giving the relative Republican ma
jority vote east south of Tehachapl as
compared with that obtained by Maguire
in Sat: Francisco, has had the effect of
causing the more conservative members
of the party to doubt the advisability of
attempting to elect a Governor from this
end of the Stato, and it is conceded mat
the argument made by The Call is for the
best interests of the party and should be
heeded.
Renewed interest in being taken in tho
election of a United States Senator from
this section to succeed Senator White,
whose term is about to expire. It is feared
that not only would the nomination of a
candidate for Governor from the south
be extremely hazardous, but that it might
result in the loss of the United States
Senator as well. In this connection the
name of U. S. Grant of San Diego was
freely spoken of on the streets to-day.
It is claimed for him that the prestige he
has at Washington will give him a pro
nounced advantage over any new man,
and thus make him at once a power In
the Senate and render him able to se
cure for the State much desired legisla-
The Republican League of Southern
California formally opened its headquar
ters in the Hollenbeck to-night.
Senator Tirey L. Ford will be enter
tained by the Columbia Club at the club
rooms to-morrow evening.
The Democratic delegates from south of
Tehachapi will convene at Sacramento
next Monday afternoon, and an effort will
be made to bring about an agreement for
the delegation to vote as a unit.
\ll active opposition among the Demo
crats of Southern California against Ma
guire for Governor hos been given up.
The same forces, however, will be con
centrated to .secure th<> nomination of a
Democrat for Congress in the Sixth Dis
trict, and every effort will be made to
thwart the indorsement by the Demo
crats of Barlow.
PBIMABY ELECTION LAW.
Initial Action TaKen by the Joint
Committee at Union League
Clnb Rooms.
The joint committee, composed of rep
resentative^ of various political organiza
tions, formed for th« consideration of a
proposed new primary election law and
other like reforms, held an interesting:
meeting at the Union League Club rooms
in the Palace Hotel last night and adopt
ed Initial measures for the filming of a
new primary election law.
Judge Bridge-ford, representing the
Democratic committee of one hundred,
presided. George Schilling of the Ger
man Democratic Central Club acted as
secretary. The members present were:
T. Carl Spelling of the Democratic Cen
tral Cluii. Max Popper, the Iroquois Club;
E. J. Reynolds. W. I. Brobeck, the Har
ney Democratic general committee; Hugo
K. Asher, Georgo Krimphoff. the Ger
man Democratic Central Club; M. M • Es
tee H E. Booth, the Union I-eague Club.
The report of the sub-committee of the
joint committee appointed at the last meet-
Ing made recommendations to the effect
that the proposed constitutional amend
ment No. 2. If adopted, would be of no
use and would take four years for its
operation. Also that the number of del
egates to be In proportion to the highest
vote cast at the IRSt preceding election:
"For State officers, one for every 200 votea
cast- for Railroad Commissioners, one to
every 150; for State Board of Equaliza
tion, one to every 100; for country or city
THE CONVENTION WILL DEAL WITH REA.
CHAIRMAN M'IiAUGHIiIN of the Republican State Central Committee
says in regard to the Santa Clara County primaries:
"I have read in the newspapers of the alleged corruption in the
primaries held the other day in Santa Clara, but the matter has not
been brought before the State Central Committee. Even though a pro
test or contpst were filed with the central committee wo could not take
cognizance of it, as the case has already passed beyond our jurisdiction.
If the steal has been perpetrated by Rea the remedy lies with the State
Convention, and I am confident that body will Investigate the case on its
merits If It is brought up in the proper manner. If the ballot box<*s were
stuffed all that the Republicans of Santa Clara County need to do f* to
take proof of the corruption to the State Convention and lay It before
that body. As intelligent and honest representatives of the Republican
party the delegates will make the necessary investigation and see that jus
tice is done. I do not know and I do not care what Rea's intentions are,
but I do know that the State Convention will not be dominated by bosses."
and county officers, one for every 75; for
local conventions, one delegate to
every 50.
The committee believed that a primary
election law would be in the interest or
good government.
There was some discussion of the re
port, which was adopted, and Max Pop
per offered some laws of other States
bearing on the subject as an assistance
to the committee of nve to be appointed
by Judge Brldgeford for the drafting of a
law to oe submitted to i.ie consideration
of the joint committee. Judge Bridge
ford will notify the persons to be ap
pointed on this committee. The meeting
adjourned subject to the call of the chair
man.
DWYER IS TO MAKE
HARNEY'S FIGHT
The Opening Session of the Demo
cratic Convention Will Be a
Very Lively One:
J. J. Dwyer will champion the cause of
the Harney faction of the Democratic
party at the State Convention next-Tues
day. As he is thoroughly familiar with
the records of the self-constituted reform
ers, who dominate the McNab Committee
of One Hundred, and as he is known to
be a hard fighter, the opening session of
the convention will surely be lively.
Dwyer is out against tho "Whispering"
Boss on every proposition the latter is try
ing to put through and the battle will be
gin as soon as Chairman Alford of the
State Central Committee calls the con
vention to order. The Harneyites want
an impartial Democrat for temporary
chairman so that they -will not b..- shut
out by the appointment of a committee on
credentials which is opposed to them.
FUSION WINS THE DAY.
Sacramento Democrats Decide to
Combine and Indorse Maguire.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 12.— The Demo
cratic County Convention met to-dey and
consummated a fusion with the Silver
Republicans and the Populists. The ses
sion was rather a stormy one, the prin
cipal tight being made against fusion.
The nominations made were as follows:
Assemblyman, Twenty-first District, W.
P. Forsroan; Sheriff, J. M. Morrison;
County Treasurer, I. Green. The Silver
Republicans get the District Attorney.
I The Assemblyman for the Twentieth Dis-
I trict and Auditor were left to be named
i by the County Central Committee.
The following were selected as delegates
to the- State Convention: C. S. Hughes,
W. H. Devlin, Frank Lyman, D. Car
michael, P. C. Conn. John Mackey. P. J.
Shields, E. Greer, P. Kelly, Arthur Sey
mour, T. S. Townsend, T. J. Bohnan. Wil
liam McLaughlln. George Vice. Dennis
Brqphy, Henry Meyer, Charles Freye, J.
B. Furnish. T. "W. Johnson. Matt Barnes.
At large— T. W. O'Neil, E. I. Woodman,
E. D. McCabe, ' Gillis Doty, Dr. C. E.
Browning.
The delegates were Instructed for Ma
guire for Governor. ■
0
TWO BIVERSIDE CONVENTIONS
Republicans Indorse McKLnley, the
Democrats Maguire.
RIVKRSIDE, Aug. 12.— Roth the Repub
lican and Democratic parties held conven
j tions here to-dny for the purpose of
electing delegates to the State and Con
gressional conventions. Resolutions werx;
passed by the Republicans indorsing
President McKinley and his policy in the
Spanish war. and also indorsing Captain
M. J. Daniels of this city for Congress
from this district.
Tho Democratic convention Indorsed the
war and indorsed and instructed the dele
! gates to vote for J. G. Maguire for Gov-
I ernor. Congressman Castle was indorsed.
j The Democratic convention, decided to
j fusa with the Populists.
West End Republican Club.
A meeting of the Republicans of The
Thirty-seventh Assembly District was held
at 317 Deviaadero street last night. The
chair was occupied by Judge John K. Ait
kin with John Bennett aa secretary. A
committee consisting of S. Bloom, John
R. Aitkin and C. O. Burton presented res
olutions in memory of the late chairman
of the Republican County Committee,
Charles \V. Manwaring.
The club discussed the advisability of
organizing a Senatorial Republican club,
comprising the Thirty-seventh and Thir
ty-eight Assembly districts, with the
place of meeting to be held at the corner
of Fell and Baker streets, which is in a
more central section of the district than
is the present meeting place. The ques
tion was referred to the executive com
mittee, with instructions to report at the
next meeting.
The Thirty-Ninth Republicans.
The Republican Club of the Thirty-ninth
DiPtrlct held its regular meeting last
night at Saratoga Hall. Sixty-live new
members signed the- roll. A committee
■was appointed to draft resolutions as to
the death of Charles W. Manwaring of
the County Committee. W. W. Allen. D.
C. Martin and others made enthusiastic
speeches and every one present agreed to
work in harmony" for the success of the
ticket. The club will meet again on the
evening of September 1.
Change Date of Their Conventions.
TACOMA, Aug. 12.— The executive com
mittees of the Populist, Democrat and
Silver Republican State Committees to
day decided to postpone the three State
conventions called to meet at Ellensburg
September 6 to September 7. Labor day
falls on September 5, and the change of
date of the conventions was made to al
low delegates to observe the day at home.
An Annual Church Reunion.
The congregation of Simpson Memorial
Episcopal Church and the members of
the Sunday school will hold a mid-sum
mer reunion in the lecture rooms and par
lors of the church this evening at 8
o'clock. An Interesting programme will
be rendered and refreshments served at
the conclusion of the various exercises
and amusements.
The following young ladios have charge
of the entertainment: Chairman of the
programme committee, Miss Cora De
lano; chairman of the refreshments com
mittee, Miss Laura Williams; chairman
of the decoration committee. Miss Maud
Hodson.
SEATING OF REA
DELEGATES TO
BE CONTESTED
Honest Republicans in
the Saddle.
WILL HOLD A CONVENTION
SEPARATE DELEGATION TO BE
SENT TO SACRAMENTO.
Santa Clara County Good Government
League Repudiates the Fraud
ulent Primaries of
Wednesday.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 12.— The delegates
of the Good Government League will
repudiate the Rea Republican county
convention and with a full list of dele
gates nominated by the league organize
a convention of their own at Ruther
ford Hall to-morrow morning. This ac
tion was unanimously sanctioned by a
large and enthusiastic meeting of the
Good Government League this after
noon. Not only this, but the league
will send its Congressional and State
delegations to Sacramento to contest
the seating of the Rea delegates. The
grounds on which the contests will be
made are ballot-box stuffing, illegal
voting of Democrats and other gToss
election frauds. Stirring speeches were
made and at times the applause was so
loud at the meeting as to be heard
down on the street.
This action of the Good Government
League, if sanctioned by tha State Cen
tral Committee and State convention,
will prove the death knell to "Jim"
Reaism in Santa Clara County. Honest
and Independent Republicans and the
public generally, since the expose of
ballot-box stuffing and frauds perpe
trated by the Rea forces at Wednes
days primaries, have urged that the
league do this.
The Good Government League meet
ing this afternoon was long and en
thusiastic The greatest unity pre
vailed, and one expressed wish of the
speakers was to adopt such drastic
measures as would rid the Republican
party of Santa Clara County of cor
ruption and political bossism. Things
waxed warm when the following reso
lution was offered:
Rfsolverl, Tru".t on account of flagrant
frauds perpetrated by emissaries of the
ijane in almost every precinct in the
county daring tho primary election or the
10th Inst we, the Good Government
League, repudiate the election and any
action which may be taken by the con
vention to he held on August 13, and
earnestly r.-quest all members of this
organization, in the interest of political
purity, good government and stanch Ke
publlcanism, to remain away from said
convention.
It was adopted unanimously. The
delegates-elect to the county conven
tion jumped to their feet all over the
room to speak to the resolution. They
Were all ready for the fray and wanted
to go to Sacramento to fight it out at
the State Convention.
It was stated that School Trustee M.
J. Graham, who had always been a
Democrat, voted at the Republican pri
mary and was elected a delegate to the
Republican County Convention.
The question of the Good Govern
ment League delegates holding a con
vention of their own was brought up
and tho following resolution unani
mously adopted:
Resolved, That the delegates elected to
the county convention do not attend, but
meet at 10 a. m. on August 13 and or
ganize by electing a temporary chairman
and adjourning until the 27th day of Au
gust, which is four days after the meet-
Ing of the State Convention.
The applause had not died down be
fore this resolution had been unani
mously passed:
Resolved, That believing we have been
defrauded of our rights in the late pri
mary election, it is . the sense of this
meeting that we do contest the election
of delegates to the State and Congres
sional conventions.
The following statistics, evidencing
the wholesale voting of Democrats at
the primaries, were read at the meet
ing:
Vote at Vote for
Precinc*— Primary McKlnley
Jefferson 68 67
MilpUas 121 118
Oak Grove 103 68
Orchard 79 76
Rucker • 34 Ji
Santa Clara 311 -#5
Soils « • M
University 147 1M
Burnett 132 |»
Cottage Orove 33 ss
Cupertino 5o 43
Bast San Jose 155 114
Evergreen. 121. 83
Franklin 83 55
•Gllroy 214 173
Six precincts in the supervisoral dis
trict represented *by Elmer Rea, a
brother of "Boss" Rea, show a gain of
175 over the vote given McKinley.
REA'S SLATE MADE UP.
The San Joss Boss Not Satisfied With
the Result of Wednesday's
Primaries.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 12.— This w:is a day
of conferences at "Boss" Rea's real estate
office, on North First, street, and all the
candidates and gangsters were given an
audience.
Rea is not pleased with the result of
Wednesday's primaries. He sees that he
made a mistake in giving instructions to
the election officers to win by any means.
The crookedness and fraud was so open
that the people became thoroughly ac
quainted with gang methods and promise
to administer a bitter rebuke at the fall
election to his way of doing politics.
After all the conferences to-day these
are tho choices of Boss Rea, and will
probably comprise the ticket nominated
to-morrow :
Superior Judge, J. C. Black.
Sheriff, Robert J. Longford.
County Clerk. T. P. Morrison.
Treasurer, Joseph Lotz.
Auditor, W. F. Parker.
Assessor, Adolph Oreeninger.
Tax Collector, Rush McComas.
District Attorney. B. A. Herrington.
Superintendent of Schools. H. C. Faber.
Recorder. Charles P. Owen.
Coroner and Publio Administrator, J. K.
Secord. T ■_-, , , .
Township Justices— W. J. Kirkpatrick
and W. T. Noltiner.
City Justice. J. \V. Gass.
Constables— Eri Haley. H. F. ilummer.
Supervisors— First District. Ororge E.
Rea: Fourth District, W. F. Foss.
Senator. Thirtieth District, Charles M.
Shortrldge. _.
Assemblymen— Fifty-fourth District.
Louis Eit"tel; Fifty-fifth District. Louis
Oneal; Fifty-sixth District, Matt Arne-
The Republican County Central Com
mittee refuses to give out the vote cast
at the primaries throughout tho county.
Tliis is because the vote exceeds that cast
for M.-riv.lev two y.ars aero, and they
are afraid complications may arise.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY !b
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use becaue it Is pure.
Some people go away to rest and
take with them other people who make
them tired.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
o-*-o-#-o-»-o-*-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-*-o-»-o-»-o-*-o*-o-»-o-»-o-«-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-*- -*■ >■
AN ADVANTAGEOUS OFFER ! !
o
'• . ♦
:—'! • O i
Reduced Prices |
ON SUMMER ITEMS! 1
- o
Preparing for our extensive Fall impor- o
rations we offer at an enormous discount?
from regular values a variety of desirable ?
articles. . o
LADIES' WAISTS. %
, ♦
_A.t SB Cents. J-
LADIES' LAUNDRIED SHIRT WAISTS IN stripes and checks, regular q
price 60c, will be placed on sale at 25c. ♦
_A.t 35 Cents. 6
LADIES' PERCALE AND GINGHAM SHIRT WAISTS, laundried col- 4
lar and cuffs, regular price 75c. will be placed on sale at u»c. O
.A.t 5O Cents. . . 2
LADIES' PERCALE SHIRT WAISTS in fancy stripes and checks, o
pointed yoke, regular price $1, will be placed on sale at 50c ♦
_A.t SO Cents. , v o
CHILDREN'S STRAW-TOP HATS, finished with lawn ruffle in pinK, ,
blue, red and yellow, regular price $1.25, will be placed on sale at 50c o
FASHIONABLE RIBBONS. j
o
A* if%t* FANCY BAYADERE RIBBON, 2 inches wide, assorted cojors, o
Al I I/O value 25c, will be closed out at 10c. ♦
ki I 5 ?/* FANCY RIBBONS inßayadere and fancy striped, all silk, ♦
Al 131* value 40c, will be closed out at 15c. 4
A 4 OAr FANCY CHECKED AND STRIPED RIBBONS, 4 and 5 +
Al *vt inches wide, value 40c and 50c, will be closed out at 20c. ©
A* 'JC-. FANCY STRIPED AND PLAID RJBBONS, 5 inches wide, O
Al *OL* value 60c to 75c yard, will be closed out at 25c. ▼
SPECIAL IN GLOVES. I
. - ♦
ij nn r LADIES' 2-CLASP LINCOLN, in assorted colors special for °
Al "vt to-day, at 90c a pair. : Sl _^: O
" ♦
o
'■: " o
O.^-O-*-0-^O-*-O-*-O-*-O-*-0-^-C>-*-O-*-©-*-O-^ ©-♦-O-*-0-*-0-*-O-*-O-*-0-*-O-*-0-*-0-*-0-*-0-*-O-*-
STATEMENT
OF THE •
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AMERICAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem- |
ber. A. D. 1897. and for the year ending on |
tbat day. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and till of I the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash $600,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company * 3(v^?s? IS i
Loans on bonds and mort^aKes 1.1.5.00S J3
CMb market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 822,«5 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge or
bonds, stocks and other marketable
securities as collateral 99.300 00
Cosh in company's office 9.603 04
Cash in banks •• 84.800 02
Interest due and accrued on all
Btocks and loans V---.T 542 v I
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages ............ 29,44435 1
Premiums In due course of collection 122. 102 8a :
Ground rents, well secured 21,320 00 j
Rents due and accrued 1.456 o2
Total assets $2,675,520 22
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $17,407 05
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense 90,014 36!
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 12,720 19 i
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,012,541 41;
reinsurance 50 per cent 506.270 70
Gross premiums on flre ri =ka run-
ning more than one year, J520.083 84;
reinsurance pro rata 420,916 57
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual flre insurance policies. 567,566 79
Commissions and brokerage due and
to become due 18,322 93
Total liabilities $1,633,218 59
INCOME.
Net cosh actually received for fire
premiums $1,251,610 65
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages 63,653 10
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 40,965 69
Received for rents 16,593 SI
Received from all other sources 10,071 86
Total Income $1,412,900 11
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses (In-
cluding $122,102 S6, losses of previous
years) $6!>6.702 79
Dividends to stockholders 40,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 267.55S 77
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 108,300 00
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 81,430 57
All other payments and expenditures 152,553 li>
Total expenditures $1,296,875 23
Flre.
Losses incurred during the year 5334.741 43
Risks and Premiums. iFire Risks. jPremiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the year $135, 399,924 $1,642,827 48
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 122,091.374 1.569,459 OS
Net nninunt in force De-
cember 31. 1897 159,015,9fi7 1,882,68126
THOS. 11. MONTGOMERY, President.
RICHD. BiAKIS, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th
day of January, 1898.
H. F. REARDEN, Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
General Agents,
407-409 MONTGOMERY STREET
SAN FRANCISCO.
thTweekly call,
$1.50 pep Year.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
SVEA FIRE and LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF GOTHENBURG, SWEDEN. ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1597. and for
the year ending on that day. as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up in
cash $333,333 33
ASSETS.
: Real estate owned by company...... 757.426 82
Loans on bonds and mortgages 2,362,264 73
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 2,351,226 31
Amount of loans secured by pledge of
bonds, stocks and other marketable
securities as collateral 932,452 63
Cash In banks 36.061 79
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 65.621 23
Premiums in due course of collection 40.975 74
i Rents due and accrued 2,666 67
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid 203.94146
i Due from the company's agents 186,845 67
Total assets ?6,&39,453 08
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense $104,000 00
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, reinsurance
' 50 per cent; gross premiums on fire
risks running more than one year,
reinsurance pro rata 459.973 83
Liability under life department 4,4."" 92
Cash dividends remaining unpaid — 11.359 S7
All other demands against the com-
pany 453.660 15
— — — •
Total liabilities $5,541.09$ 75
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre_
premiums •■ '••• ■■■■ : • • •• • $1,303.619 67
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds-, stocks.- loans and from
all other sources.... 472, ..4- 4-
Received from all other sources 700.23S 44
Total income $2.451,150 53
EXPENDITURES. ,
Net amount paid for fire losses .. $493,721 81
Paid or allowed for commission or
PaW Vlaries;" fees 'and ■'other •*»*,-oo o»
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers clerks, etc.... 156,171 96
Paid for State, national and local
Aligner 'payments 'and expenditures 1.276,4:55 82
Total expenditures .$2,317.811 03
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
vpt amount of ' risks
written during the year $368,628,126 $1,520,240 98
Vet amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 192.523.433 774,14181
Net amount In force De-
cember 31. 1897. 166,626.343 834.659 St
T. ED. LEVI3SON~ Vlee-President.
ERNST BRING, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this Ist
day of April. 189 S.
GUDEN AKERMARK, Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
General Agents,
407-409 MONTGOMERY STREET
' V SAN FRANCISCO.
MADE ME A MAN
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
JLUCNvrvovts IHaeasea— Failing Mem-
pry, Impotence. Sleeplessness, etc., caused
by Abtue or othsr Excesses a=J Indis-
cretions. Then quickly and surely
restore Lo6t Vitality in old or young, and
fit a mau for study, business or mnrrmgs.
► Prevent Insanity and Consumption it
m». Their tp>o shows immediate improve-
ment »n<i effects a <;t!RF. whore oil othqr fail In-
sist cpon having th» genuine Ajax Toblatf. They
h»To cared thousands and •will euro you. Jj ««?.£ F^
itivo written unarantea to s3sct a care Eft |»TS la
each case or refund the money. Price ww V> I*t per
package; or six pkges (full treatment* for $2.50. By
mail, in plain wrapper, upon receipt or price. Circular
'«*■ AJAX REMEDY CO., HSS&T£*
For Ml* in Ban Francisco by I^sipnlts .fc C<v.
m Butter. No-Perccjctas* Fh*Ka*cy. ■; Ml Uk*.