voi/cjm^ kX3Qcrv\=HO, id*
SOLDIERS GO TO WAR
FROM AMONG FRIENDS
[ San Francisco Turhs Out to See the Volunteers Off and
► the Bay Is Once More as Animated as When the California
» Troops Sailed.
California Bids Farewell to
Troops of Her Sister
States.
A Noisy Demonstration as the
Soldier-Laden Vessels Start
for Manila.
BY ALICE RIX.
THE second Manila expedition Is
gone to the front. The China,
Colon, Zealandla and Senator ride
the high seas to-day. Utah, Colo
•rado and Nebraska have followed
California to the Spanish port. Five
thousand more of our men are out to
help Dewey, to help defend the flag, to
help remember the Maine.
• • At half-past one o'clock yesterday
' afternoon the transports sailed. The
'.rnorning was sultry. The sun burned
behind a milky haze. The bay, in vast.
soft Ehadow, looked like a smoked
pearl. Over It rleamed the colors of
' the mosquito fleet. The big ships
' evung at anchor waiting on orders de
■'" laved. Tugs rocked sleepily at th'-!r
. docks waiting on the same. The small
fry flitted over the water waiting for
•nothing. The crowd gathered on the
piers waiting for anything. Riggings
fluttered with national and signal col
. ore. Men and women wore little flags
• pinned to their breasts. Children
•waved the stars and stripes. The
bands on the water played "Dixiej'
and rt The Star-r-pangrled Banner."
"Yankee Doodle" and "When We V\ ore
Marching Through Georgia."
A girl's voice picked up the chorus
on the water.
-^ "Htirrah! Hurrah!
We sinK the jubilee."
The men on the China heard and
answered.
"Hurrah! Hurrah!
The flag that made us free!"
The sound floated back faint and sad
to the shore.
The China lay off Howard street, the
Zealandia by the Potrero. the Colon
close to the Mail dock, the Senator, still
In trouble, fast at the Broadway wharf.
Her coal allowance had crowded out
: inore important cargo and a hundred
•tons of it went ashore again last night.
OCEANWARD SAILED THE TROOP-LADEN TRANSPORTS SURROUNDED BY GAYLY BEDECKED LbUJKIb
The San Francisco Call
The last of her supplies lingered until
this morning and she was loading up to
noon. At the eleventh hour, before
departure, the cork helmets, for which
her troops had waited, looked and
lonped, arrived in packing boxes three
feet square, and with a cargo bulging
over the hatches, she could not take
them aboard. It was plain that if cork
helmets went to Manila they must go
on the heads of the men. There was
a quirk smashing of cases on shore, a
distribution of helmets aboard and the |
Senator's men came up under them like |
a crop of mushrooms on her decks.
Flying the Red Cross flag the Gracie ]
Barton and the Herald carried the j
ministering angels of the camp on their
last visits to the troops. They went
from the China to the Zealandia and
then to the Colon, but the Senator's
breast lines, stretched taut by the eag^r
tide, shut her out. From the double
decks of stern-wheelers mse the plain
tive chorus, altered to lit the hour's
need.
"Good-by, soldiers!
Good-by, soldiers!
Good-by, soldiers!
"We're going to leave you now!"
"Good-by!" »houted the men cheer
fully falling on the last lunch token.
"Good-by. Three cheers for the Red
Cross."
The Ukiah, laden to the water's edge, j
plodded heavily up and down the
stream. Smart little private launches
slipped across her bows, light skiffs and
wherries shot along her sides. Tugs
cast their lines and fussed out into the
stream. The bay took on a frivolous
regatta gayety which belied the heart
beating beneath. A band played on
everything afloat. There were songs,
shouts, cheers, the hiss of steam, the
! scream of whistles, the rush of waters
• closing after moving craft. And the
sax fiia^cisco, THUnSDAf, JlTl^il 10, 18984
chorus rose throbbing to the skies,
gwept ncropg the city, In among the
marts of men, stlrrlnp the unimportant
civilian at hls^unheroic labors of the
day.
The heroes of the hour, the men who
were going out to do or die, or, it may
be, both, were impatient of delay.
They swarmed on tho deck* of the
transports and ate their lur.ch against !
the guard rail, too eugrrr to go be
low. They were hysterically cheerful,
wildly gay, mad to be gono, vet moved j
by the parting, filled with that tender,
enthusiasm which overflowed In love of
all their kind and made their race their
kindred for that hour. They leaned
over the ships' sides to the friends who >
came to wißh them heart and courage j
and glory on the field— friends |
PORTO RICO ANXIOUS TO
BE ADOPTED BY UNCLE SAM
Under Sentiments o f Hate and Terror for Spain on tbe Part of Residents
Is Said to Be a Warn) Friendship for tbe United
States.
CARACAS, Venezuela, June 15.— Cuban and Porto Rican residents of
Caracas are very active and very numerous. They publish a strong paper
here in the interests of "Cuba Libre" and have been very useful in the way oi
giving information to the American Minister, F. B. Loomis. The? brought the
news that certain Spaniards here are planning to attack the American lega
tion, which caused the Venezuelan Government to set a strong guard there.
Yesterday the Cubans sent a committee to the United States legation to
tell the Minister they desired to present him with an engrossed memorial for
President McKinley and a handsome silk flag for the legation. Mr. Loomis
declined a public presentation of the flag, on the ground that such an incident
would tend to unduly inflame the Spaniards and make more onerous the task
of the Venezuelan Government in preserving order. The memorial will be pre
sented privately to-night and forwarded to the Washington Minister.
The natives of Porto Rico have sent a petition to Washington through
the legation of the United States here which is very important. The leader of
the Junta said to me this evenings . .
*»We want the Government d! the United States to realize fully that it it
desires the island of Porto Rico it will find the people of Porto Rico more than
willing to be under the protection of the great republic. I have recently come
from Porto Rico; I know that under the sentiments of hate and terror, in
spired by Spanish rule, there exists everywhere outside Spanish circles warm
friendship for the United States and the hope that the island will be
annexed."
•won In the little space their tents
were pitched besiclo the Western water
—and gave them fondest greeting. They
inclined tenderly even to strangers.
They cut the buttons from their coats,
tore the erossguns from their caps, and
ilung them to the girls in the little
dnncing boats below. # They cheered the
flasr, they cheered the cause, they
cheered the older heroes they have gone
to meet. Thry wrote their ni/blest sen
timents, or what seemed to them the
noblest sentiments. .of other heroes, on
cards, their military cards, with a flag
and "Remember the Maine" on one
corner, their company's letter and
Regiment number on the other. Such
fine, brave words as these: "It is base
to live when duty calls to die!" and
"We will live to honor our flag and we
will die defending M" And "We trill
anpwer our Gauntry's call with oiif
lives!" And "It is a glorious thing to
die for the right!" And "What more
can a man give to a cause than his
-Ufa's blood?" And a hundred others
as fine as these and all ct do
ing and dying.
. The cards went over the sides
wrapped in bits of paper weighted
with little lumps of coal and
fell into uplifted hands. They
wero read hurriedly yesterday and then
thrust into the pockets of coats and the
bosoms of frocks with a nod or a smile
for answer. There was not time for
more, for several boats pressed close
in the shadow of the big ones and a
Continued on Eighth Page,
<$> 4 <$. V ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦<$> ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦"♦ ♦ ♦'♦♦♦♦<$►♦ <*♦
| The China, Zealandia, Senator and Colon Are Now on the J
* PsoJfJo Carrying Nearly Pout tfioysand Men io the Aid of ♦
% Admiral DeWey, ♦
As Royal a Farewell as the
California Boys in Blue
Received.
Gayly Dressed Bay Craft Escorted
the Big Troopships Out
to Sea.
BY HENRY JAMES.
A FEW weeks ago Ban Francisco
sent forth upon the Pacific her
own soldier boys. It was my
privilege to see them go, and to
pay perhaps some measure of
tribute to them and to an occasion so
august. Their farewell had been mag
nificent, nobody expected there would
ever be another like it. There were
tears then as well as cheers, and it
seemed that the heart of the city had
been profoundly moved not alone by
patriotic ardor, but by the sorrow of
sundered ties.
Yesterday there was another time of
good-by. «Once more the bay was alive
with darting craft, with the well-be
loved colors; whistles shrilled an adieu,
flags dipped gracefully, over the still
waters of the bay there floated the
sound of music, the voices of women;
again there were flowers, the exchange
of tokens, and after it all four great
ships sailed through the Golden Gate,
and the second expedition for Manila
was on the sea.
There was only one difference. Peo
ple have become accustomed to the
thought of war. Yesterday there was
as marked a heartiness" tn the greeting
and the parting, but the tone of sad
ness was not to be observed. The sol
diers laughed gaily and their visitors
laughed back. They tossed compliments
and bouquets, but none was seen to
weep. The common bond was the flag
and its honor. These men, going to dis
tant lands, were strangers but a brief
span ago. Now each has become a
friend. They*foregathered from Colo
rado, from Pennsylvania, from Nebras
ka, but since their feet first pressed
California soil it has been a delight to
honor them, and to the last, until the
smoke of the bearing them away
had changed to a cloud in the west, and
iPRICE FITE CENTS.
a fog had barred the Golden Gate be
hind them, this was the spirit which
ministered to them. The; appreciated
it. Did they not shout their gratitude?
Did not they hurrah for the Red Cross?
Who missed a view of the scene can
learn little of its majesty and Its sweet
ness by any written description. As a
whole it was impressive. In detail it
was full of little incidents, each one a
story. I was glad to observe the re
gard in which The Call seemed to be
held by the soldiers, and that their de
votion to Alice Rix was almost worship.
Whenever the staff tug drew near to
one of the liners there would be a very
shower of good will, taking the material
form of cards decorated with national
emblems, buttons, badges, anything 1
that could be adapted to the sudden
emergency. One boy froi- Colorado — I
wish I knew his name — could not find a
moderate way in which to show his
sentiments. Perhaps his supply of but
tons had been exhausted. He took from
his vest a gold watch, and saying it
was for Alice Rix, dropped it into the
tug. There could have been no refusal,
as just then the tug was cast off. For
the remainder of the trip Mrs. Rix wore
suspended in plain view one certain
hunting case watch, distinctly mascu
line as to size, and her pride in it was
considered justifiable. I wish to thank
the soldier for her and to tell him that
his gift shall be treasured until such
happy day as he may call for it.
Through the night and th» morning
the ships had rested in the stream, all
of them but the Senator. The last was
at the doclc until a few moments before
starting on its long voyage. From 10
o'clock the "Blue Peter" had been fly
ing at the prow of the China. The flag
ship was ready to haul up anchor. Far
up the bay the Zealandia waited, the
smokestacks showing that it was ready2
for the signal. The Colon was also
prepared to steam away. But during
the period of waiting the bay was a
living picture. Every wharf was
crowded. Tugs and launches, ferry
boats and Whitehalls scurried about,
every one gay with color, and from
each coming a chorus of good-bys, a
strain of melody, while handkerchiefs
and flags wore waving and nodding as
might the flowers in a garden when
swept by a breeze. And fairer than
the Hags were the women who Haunted
them.
As the moment of starting ap
proached the clamor grew. Bands
could be seen playing. As well might
the instruments have been dumb. A
naphtha launch, decked to the peak
with banners, raced by, devoting much
of its power to the production o-f noise,
and every craft sought to imitate it.
The trim little Transit appeared with
its decks jammed, each man with a hat
on high, each woman with the red,
white and blue displayed. The Ukiah,
unwieldy but speedy, fairly black with
people, circled about, and each time it
got near a transport drowned all but
its own tumult. So it was everywhere.
The boys of the other States go-t a
parting salute as ringing and sincere
as fell upon the ears of California's
sons.
Up near the Union Iron Works the
noise was a marvel for volume. The
great whistle there dhi its best to sub
due and humiliate all the others.
Imagine a lost soul doing its wailing
by steam and you have a fair idea of
this whistle. But for all the uproar,
the nicety of dodging, the close shaves,
there was no accident worth mention
ing. One schooner did drift almost
down against the China, and while the
spectacle served to divert and make a
pretty scheme for the artist there was
neither danger nor alarm. On the^yards
of all the transports, dizzily high above
the decks, tin* sailers were ranged, and
they stood there silhouetted. • While
the decks wore so crowded that it
seemed none could be below, faces
peered from each porthole— smiling,
happy faces- -and shouted messages
• bounding across: "Don't forget
Colorado!" "Three cheers for Ne
braska!" "Just tell them that you saw
a boy from Pennsylvania!" And it's
hurrah fur all of you, and we won't
forget any of you, and may God keep
you.
But the Senator gives three warning
toots and slips from the dock. The
Nebraskans fill her to the rail. No
jollier lot ever set out on the fission
of war. They wear cork hats, which
make them look like animate mush
rooms, and swing them in the air until
One thinks a trip to an alien shore
must be a thing of joy. Far above a
balloon sails almost motionless. The
boys catch sight of It and cheer. They
■would cheer two balloons. They have
cheers to spare.
The moving of the Senator was the
signal for a movement all along the
line. There was a rattle of anchor
chains, a renewed storm of sound from
uncounted whistles. Far uptown the
BignaJ was repeated and echoed back
from the hills. From the tall and dis
tant building where The Call cannon
Bays hail and farewell a puff of smoke
Issued out on the haz^. Those who
happened to see it and listen could
single out the report. The majestic
march to the open sea had begun. The
China led, followed by the Zealandia,
with the Senator next and far in the
rear the Colon. From every funnel
poured a cloud of smoke black as night,
and the ships seemed to. cleave the wat
ers with a conscious pride. The scene
had been one of life; it changed to one
of actual grandeur.
Imagine a land-locked bay over
which pass and repass countless craft,
on one side a great city crowning the
hills, the wharves at its water front
crowded by cheering thousands. Im
agine th^se little craft, each decorated
to the top by Sag and streamer, cluster-
Ing about four black-hulled ships filled
with Boldiers. Then think of the four
getting in motion, straightening out for
th<- Pacific, which can be seen through
a rift guarded on either Bide by forts
or giant guna on the heights, and the
brood which has been hovering about
starting after them and trying to keep
the pace of the vast machines. Bear in
mind that as the parade starts the
throng gesticulates and shuuts, that
the flag is dipped in salute. Bear in
mind that the spray is flying, the
fog lowering, th^ wind from the ocean
beating each, riag until it quivers
on the JJole. Think what the event
means to the soldiers, to those who fol
low, to the multitude straining their
from every eminence. Remember
the cannon at Alcatraz and at the out
posts are speaking their mightiest
tones, and that the smoke of the guns
mingles with that of the ships' glowing
furnaces until with the shifting
clouds it forms a banner draping the
bky. and leaves lj.-hind a trail of ebon,
while the foamy wake of the quartet
tosses the boats which hurry after so
they plunge and lunge and seem to
trifle with threatened destruction.
Trace the picture so far that the little
boats turn back from the fierceness of
the ocean swell and the transports car
rying the armed men of the republic
vanish in the mist and the distance,
for a space, four points of somber dark
against the horizon, and then gone and
away. Such was yesterday's moving
picture and its setting.
It happened that I was on the Reli
ance, a swift :nd powerful tug. It has
a facility for getting where there
seems necessity for it, and so those
aboard were able to > be close to the
transports. Indeed, we made fast to
both the China and Zoalandia, and it
was in the former instance that there
was a rain of tokens, including a gold
COLONEL HAWKINS TO THE CALL
The Commander of the Tenth Pennsylvania Expresses His Apprecia
tion of the Hospitality of the Golden State,
watch. Many letters were thrown to
us to be mailed, telegrams to put on
the wire, words of mouth to convey.
The tug kept with the China almost to
the Heads, and then taking an officer
from the flagship, went back to see
what ailed the Colon, lagging behind.
Before we reached the Colon the trou
ble was over. But in the interval the
China had stood out to sea, so the offi
cer had to be nut on the Zealandia, and
the chances of his getting access to his
own toothbrush this side of Honolulu
are not promising.
Al the Reliance came in some looked
back toward the Pacific. Over its face
a veil had been drawn. Not even a
shadowy suggestion of the four ships
met the eye.
FAREWELL SALUTES
FROM BAY AND SHORE
Multitudes Assemble to Bid God
speed to the Defenders of the
Flag-.
It was not yet 6 o'clock when a gen
erally dilapidated individual ambled
along the docks to the Folsom street
bulkhead. Picking out a spot on the
stringer he adjusted his back to the
side of a Whitehall boat on the dock
and hauled out of his pocket a piece
of paper containing two crackers — evi
dently rescued from the gutter — a piece
of offensively odorous cheese and a pic
kle; the last two surreptitiously ob
tained from a lunch counter.
He was not ravenous, at least he did
not attack the morsels with the haste
one might expect, but instead he nib
bled daintily and slowly, being care
ful, though, not to waste a crumb. Be
fore his breakfast was concluded the
dilapidated individual was joined by
another of his species, who seemed
FAREWELLS FROM SHIP AND SHORE.
somewhat disappointed at finding -the
choicest seat on the bulkhead occu
pied, but contented himself with growl
ing out some remark about hoping his
neighbor had not camped there all
night. The second arrival was not
equipped with breakfast, but this lack
of oversight did not cause him any un
easiness, and soon the two were dis
cussing the war in general and partic
ularly the marine spectacle that had
routed them out of their nests in the
hay at such an early hour.
Though these two had passed years
on ihe water front and had witnessed
every event of importance on the bay
they were keenly alive to the unusual
event that was scheduled for the day
and were determined not to miss an
incident attending the departure of
troops for the Philippines.
There were many more, not of the
same station as these outcasts, but as
eager to witness the display, and an
hour after the first comer had settled
himself for the day the docks in the
vicinity of Mission Bay, where three of
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JTJXE 16, 1898.
i the transports were anchored, were
lined with people of all ages and 'both
Soon the launch of the naval reserve
Bhip Marion darted around the end of
j Folsom street pier and bumped against
I the float at Peterson's boathouse. One
i of General Greene's aids, who had re
i mained ashore all night, and two priv
i ates, who had gone astray when their
troop ship dropped into the stream,
boarded the launch and off it puffed to
the China, swinging at anchor in the
stream.
From that time on the scene was of
steadily increasing interest, while the
crowds grew in proportion. Other
docks not so favorably located now
held their contingent of sightseers,
among whom the blue uniforms of sol
diers compelled to remain yet a time
longer at Camp Merritt were plenti
ful iy sprinkled.
" V 7 hen the Marion's launch returned
it Drought ashore several officers who
skurried off uptown the moment their
feet touched the dock. People bearing
packages of every shape and deserip
tion besieged the office of the Spreck
els Towboat Company, anxiously in
quiring if there was any means by
which they could send parting gifts to
friends among the soldiers on board.
These packages were placed on board
The Call's launch Amy, which made a
tour of the transports at 9 o'clock,
leaving on each ship a supply of Calls
for the soldiers and those who had pre
ceded them on the first expedition.
When the Amy returned she brought
several officers and a great pile of let
ters sent ashore by the men on the
transports to their friends at home
last messages for months.
The Marion's launch was as busy as
a bee dancing back and forth between
the ships and the dock. On one of her
early trips she brought Brigadier Gen
eral Greene, the commander of the
forces, who proceeded to General Mer
ritt's headquarters to receive his final
orders. Officers and orderlies hurried
between the headquarters and the
landing place, and everything indicated
the early departure of the fleet.
Over at Broadway dock the Senator,
with the First Nebraska Regiment on
board, still lingered, while an immense
crowd gathered on the neighboring
docks and bulkheads. Afar off on Tele
graph and Russian hills other crowds
were hurrying to points of vantage,
while out in the bay small craft of
every description and gay with bunting
paraded before the envious eyes of
those on shore.
The shipping in the stream and
alongside the docks "dressed ship" In
their brightest colors, and it was sig
nificant that the great still vessels fly
ing the crimson of St. George vied
with the American hulls in decorating
for the occasion.
General Greene and his adjutant
drove down to the Senator and ascer
taining that she was ready to proceed
instructed her commander to remain at
the dock until the China hoisted the
"blue peter" and then to drop into the
stream and take her position in line.
The general then boarded the launch
and made a tour of the three ships in
the stream, after which he went on
board the China.
At Folsom street The Call's tug, Re
liance, bedecked fore and aft and over
head with signal flags, awaited the ar
rival of its corps of writers and artists
and invited guests and when finally the
lines were cast off and the Reliance
backed away from the dock a mighty
cheer went up for The Call. The Re
liance, like the Amy, carried many
packages and missives to men on the
different ships, and a stop was made ai
each transport to deliver the token?
collect the last letters and receive fare
well messages from the commanding
officers.
All eyes on shore were trained on the
China, and when suddenly a flutter ai
the fore, the signal for the ships to get
under way, was observed it seemed as
though Bedlam had broken loose.
Thousands of people howled like de
mons, while every steam whistle in the
town as well as on the bay sent up a
piercing salute.
The Senator at the signal pushed out
from the dock and steaming ma
jestically along the harbor front cir
cled around astern the China, which,
by that time, was under way, followed
by the Zealandia. There was some de
lay in getting the Colon under way and
signals were run up which the China
answered, but finally her mud hook
bobbed above water and the last of the
troopships headed for the Golden Gate.
All along the seawall, Meiggs wharf
and the hills in the background were
alive with people, whose cheers swept
faintly over the water and were ans
wered — cheer for cheer — by the boys in
blue.
Fort Mason saluted with eleven guns
and as the fleet approached the gate the
big guns at Fort Point boomed out their
farewell. The fog was fast settling
down, the hills on the Marin shore be
ing almost hidden, while out beyond the
heads only a leaden bank of mist could
be seen. Into this the four big troop
ships plunged and were soon shut out
from view. The next land our lads
feast their eyes upon will be the tropi
cal isles of distant Hawaii.
J. J. COREY.
DELAYED IN THE START.
A Scow Schooner in Collision
With the Big Transport
China.
Orders had been issued for the four
steamerS to sail promptly at 11:30 a. m.,
but owing to delay in getting the Senator
ready th,e fleet did not get away until 1
p. m. On Tuesday night it was discovered
that there was not room on the Senator
for all the stores that had to be carried
to Manila, so 100 tons of coal had to be
taken out of the ship and dumped on the
dock in order to make room. Then all the
cargo had to be restowed, ajid it was not
until 12:30 p. m. that the Senator was able
to leave her berth at Broadway wharf.
Early in the day the schooner John F.
Miller sailed too close to the China, and
becoming becalmed drifted down on the
big troopship. In order to get clear, Cap
tain Seabury had to heave up his anchor
and drift down with the tide for a short
distance. Later the tug Elizabeth came
along and towed the Miller to- a place of
safety.
In honor of the occasion, the bark An
drew Welch, the steamers of the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company and the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company were all
dressed, and presented a very pretty ap
pearance. Of the smaller craft, the yacht
Lucero, the tugs Reliance and Governor
Markham were far and away the best
dressed in the bay, and they presented a
very pretty appearance as they moved In
and out among the fleet.
The battery on the Marion and those at
Fort Mason and Fort Point boomed out a
farewell salute as the transports passed
out to sea. while the cannon on the top of
The Call building could be heard distinctly
in the bay off Alcatraz.
At 1:45 p. m. the China. Zealandia and
Senator were abreast of Aicatra.z, but
something had happened to the
Colon, and she was away behind.
Lieutenant Schieffelin from the China
was transferred to the Reliance and
started back to find out what was the
matter, but when Lombard-street wharf
was reached the Colon was seen coming
along under a full head of steam, so an
attempt was made to get back to the
China and put Lieutenant Schieffeun
aboard. That vessel had been forging
ahead all the time, however, and was a
mile past the fort When the Reliance was
only off that landmark. Captain Brokaw
refused to go any further, so the Zealan
dia was signaled, and Captain Dowdell
•cry kindly stopped his vessel and took
Jie officer aboard.
nJEBRASKA BOYS
ARE GRATIFIED
Through Their Chaplain They Give
Thanks to the Ladles of the
Red Cross Society.
Editor The Call: In behalf of the
First Regiment, Nebraska Volun
teers, I wish to express through
your columns to the ladies of the
Red Cross Society our appreciation
of and gratitude for the countless
favors conferred by them upon us
during our encampment here. So
great is the task of raising and
equipping an army, especially to
send to a foreign country, that it
is impossible for the Government to
provide at once for many of the
most "urgent needs of the men.
These needs have been supplied
through the heroic devotion of this
band of women who count no cost
of time or comfort in their efforts
to care for the boys in blue. The
memory of their generosity we
shall carry with us, not only
through this war, but through life.
JAMES MAILLEY,
Chaplain Ist Reg't, Nebraska Vols.
A PRESIDIO SALUTE.
Thirteen Guns Were Fired
From Fort Point as the Fleet
Passed Out to Sea.
As the Manila transport fleet passed
through the Golden Gate it ran into a
dense fog, and was soon lost to view. By
command of General Merriam, a briga
dier's salute of thirteen guns in honor ot
Brigadier General Greene, commanding
the outgoing soldiers, was fired from Fon
Point while the flagship China was pass
ing out. The fog became so thick that it
was with difficulty that the three other
transports could be seen from either Fort
Point or the Presidio.
The funeral of Private John A. Stevens,
of Troop L, Fourth Cavalry, who died
Tuesday evening of pneumonia after an
illness of only four days, will take place
this morning at the Presidio at 10 o'clock.
Private Stevens came here about ten
days ago with his troop from Walla
Walla. He was a good and faithful sol
dier, and had been in the service five
years.
Troop G, of the Fourth United States
Cavalry, will arrive at the Presidio to
morrow morning: from Walla Walla, in
command of First Lieutenant R. A.
Brown.
Lieutenant Parker, of the Fourth Cav
alry, who has been on recruiting duty at
Seattle, has been ordered to report at the
Presidio.
Captain C. H. Murray, of Troop M,
Fourth Cavalry, who has been on duty
at Brown University. Providence, R. 1.,
and also acting as mustering officer for
the Rhode Island Volunteers, arrived at
the Presidio yesterday.
A new order of drill has been given to
the Third United States Artillery. It is
an extended order and line of battle for
mation. This regiment is being rapidly re
cruited to its full strength. Two hundred
recruits are expected from Chicago and
other eastern points within the next ten
days together with a large number from
Los Angeles.
CHEEEDR THE TROOPS.
Scene at Fontana Barracks
When the Fleet Was
Passing Out.
The Washington Volunteers at Fontana
Barracks gave the departing Manila expe
dition an enthusiastic send-off. ; They
hoisted six large flags . on the building,
gathered on the roof and In the windows,
and cheered' and waved their hats. The
band on the flagship China made acknowl
edgment by playing two or three lively
airs, and the troops on board responded
with a chorus of cheers. . When .the Sen
ator, which brought 'the Washingtonians
from Seattle to San Francisco, came
along, her whistle was blown long and
loud, and back from the barracks there
was sent a cheer that was easily heard
on board the ship.
7~ • .
INCOMWG TROOPS.
Tennessee Volunteers Due at
Oakland To-Day— The
Astor Battery.
The Tennessee troops, consisting of 11S9
men, left Ogden in four trains on Tues
day and Wednesday. The first train,
under the command of Major Bayless,
with 13 officers and 295 men, left at 9:15
p. m. Tuesday. The second, under Major
Cheatham, with 13 officers and 355 men,
left at 9:50 p. m. The third train, under
Major McGuire. with 11 officers and 335
men, left at 1:25 a. m. on Wednesday, and
the fourth train, under Captain Gillen,
with 3 officers and 162 men, left at 2:15
a. m. This detachment also brings four
carloads of horses. The Southern Pa
cific officials do not look for these troops
to arrive until late this evening. They will
probably remain at the Oakland pier over
night and be brought to this side on Fri
day morning.
According to the ordinary schedule of
thirty-six hours from Ogden to San Fran
cisco' the last section of the train carrying
the Tennessee volunteers should reach
Oakland shortly after 2 o'clock this after
noon. The ladies of the Red Cross So
ciety are making preparations to receive
the regiment Friday morning, but if the
trains are not delayed by frequent stops
the troops should get here this afternoon.
A battalion from Minneapolis is about
ready to leave for this coast to fill up the
complement of the Minnesota Volunteers,,
COLONEL HALES FAREWELL.
Thanks the People Through the Call for
Their Attention to His Command.
but nothing definite aiout their departure
is kno w ? a^ hh y Astor's battery left New
YoS n on a Monday wi c lh ninety-two men
Jnd wiH arrivejiext^unday.
CAMP MERR^TT NOTES.
Paymaster in the
vate Reid's Leg May Be
Saved.
The funeral of Private Henry Damann
of Company X, Jj I*1 '* T?e
cemetery at the Presfdio, and all the
honors of a military ftineral we i ac
corded to the dead soldier. A deta^ c
ment from Company iK. n er L ,™!
command of Major P.abe and ££»
tenant Martin, accompanied the remains
to the Presidio, where the burial too*
P The Seventh California Regment re
ceived yesterday from the *' ar *sa?L£:5 a ?L£:
the Merchants' and Manufacturers Asso
ciation of Los Angeles a sufficient number
of useful cvomfort bags and abaominal
bandages to supply every man in tne regi
ment with one. , _. .„_ r>«.npral
Acting under orders from Major o-enerai
Otis. Major Rabe of the fourteenth
United States Infantry yesterday moved
his command into the camp formerly oc
cupied by the battalions of the Eighteentn
and Twenty-thiftl Infantry. ,
Private Reid of the Twenty-third In
fantry, who was accidentally ss t
through the leg, is getting along nicely
and the surgeons now have hopes 01 sav
ing his leg.
NO ORDcrib RECEIVED.
Major General Otis Does Not
Know When the Next Ex
pedition Will Sail.
No orders have yet been issued fixing
the date upon which the third expedition
will sail to the Philippine Islands.
No orders, official or unofficial, have is
sued designating the troops that will
make up txie sailing list.
Xo significance attaches to the detail
ing of three detachments of infantry to
guard the transports now lying sea
worthy and ready at the docks.
These three specific and positive denials
of the many rumors that have found cre
dence for three days past were made last
evening to a Call representative byMajor-
General Otis, in quarters at Camp Mer-
When asked if the date had been set for
the sailing of the third expedition Major-
General Otis replied emphatically: "No,
sir; nor does any one know when it is
likely to leave. I do not think General
Merritt himself knows. If he does he has
said nothing of it either officially or other
wise. The expedition will sail just as soon
as necessary transports are secured and
made ready. That is not yet done. We
do not contemplate moving the rest of the
camp with the next expedition. There are
not enough available transports on the
coast to effect such an exodus. No inti
mation of the troops to leave with the
next expedition has been given, and there
is absolutely no significance in the detail
ing of the three detachments to guard the
four transports now ready. We selected
the men for their efficiency and for no
other reason."
TYPHOID FEVER IN CAMP.
One Well Developed and Five
Suspected Cases in the
Soldiers' Hospital.
The surgeon's report shows the follow
ing cases now being treated at the field
hospital at Camp Merritt: One fractured
rib, one shot wound with fracture of
fibula, one case typhoid fever, five sus
pected cases of typhoid fever (Vidal tests
being made), one case pneumonia, one case
simple fracture both bones of leg; total
number cases In general ward, twenty
eight; total cases infectious ward, lifty
nine; number serious cases, none; classi
fied, measles fifty-two, mumps six, bron
chitis one.
The case of Private Berne Flamer, Com
pany X, Twenty-third United States In
fantry, has developed serious complica-^
tions, and Flamer is now lying in a ward f
of the French Hospital in a critical con
dition. ,, _
On the night of the 12th Flamer collided
with a downtown car and was taken out
to camp with a broken rib and punctured
lung. Pneumonia has since developed,
and he is suffering severe internal
hemorrhages. The physicians have slight
hope for his recovery.
ARMY HEADQUARTERS.
Brigadier General Greene's
Farewell Call Upon Ma
jor General Merritt.
General Greene, commanding the sec
ond Manila expedition, was an early call
er yesterday morning at military head
quarters to close the final arrangements
for the departure of his command. After
bidding farewell to General Merriam be
called <>n Genera] Merritt, with whom he
had nearly an hour's conference in regard
to the transport fleet and various im
portant matters in connection with the
command. At the conclusion of the con
sultation General Merritt bade General
Greene farewell, wishing him godspeed
and a safe voyage, and with a cordial
shake of the hand he said that he hoped
to meet him soon in Manila.
General Greene then went to the Palace
Hotel, and after sending some farewell
telegrams to his family and to his inti
mate friends he took a coupe to the Pa
cific Mall Dock and went on board his
flagship, the China. Soon after the
steamer General McDowell, by command
of General Merriam, conveyed to the
transports all the mail fur the soldiers on
board as well as for those now in Ma
Continued on Page Eight.SPANIARDS DEFEATED
WITH HEAVY LOSSES
GALLANT
DASH OF
MARINES
Aided by Cubans They
Drive th>e Enemy prom
Its Position.
Tables Turned on Castiiian Regu-j
lars and Guerrillas, More Thar;
pifty of Them Being Slain.
ON BOARD THE HERALD-CALL DIS
PATCH BOAT SOIYIMERS N. SMITH. OFF
GUANTANAMO, Tuesday, June 14, vie Mole
St. Nicholas, Hayti, Wednesday, June 15.—
In a bold dash against the Spanish guerillas
and regulars who have harrassed them
since last Friday the American forces en
camped on Crest Heights gained a notable
victory this morning, having a band of
Cubans as allies. They drove the Span
iards from their position, four miles from
Camp McCalla, killed nearly half a hun
dred of the enemy and took eighteen pris
oners.
On our side the only losses were two
Cubans killed. Four other insurgents were
wounded, as were two American marines.
Twenty-three marines were overcome by
heat during the engagement.
Splendid advantages have been
gained by the American forces in
Cuba during the last twelve
hours. For the first time since
the}- landed they were free from
attack last night. This gave
them a welcome opportunity to
rest after almost continuous
fighting for three days and
nights. It also put the men in
good condition for a movement
against the enemy.
During this lull in activity the
Americans greatly strengthened
their position, throwing up addi
tional fortifications and improv
ing those already had. A force
of Cubans with three platoons of
marines commanded by Lieuten
ants Moses, Hall and McLemore,
were sent to establish strong out
posts a mile inland from the
American camp. This plan was
carried out successfully and re
sulted in giving the overworked
battalion much needed rest.
When it was found this morn
ing that the men were so much
refreshed the commanding offi
cers decided to carry out at once
plans which had been formulated
for an attack on the Spaniards.
The enemy was encamped at a
point four miles inland, where
were the only wells within many
miles. If the United States force
could drive them from that posi
ti< m it would be necessary for the
Spaniards to retreat almost to
the city of Guantanamo in order
to get a supply of water.
Half the marine battalion, with
a company of Cubans, began the
advance against the enemy short
ly before noon. Captain Elliott
and Lieutenants Nevill and Ma
hony commanded the marines,
while the Cubans were under
Colonels Laborde and Tomas.
Our skirmish line discov
ered the enemy in the un
derbrush half a mile from
Fort McCalla. Orders to at
tack were given immediate
ly, and the Americans and
Cubans rushed in splendid
form.
They charged against the
enemy with great boldness. The
action was sharp and spirited.
For a time the onslaught of the
marines was strongly resisted, but
the enemy was finally forced to
retreat.
Our men pressed on after the
fleeing Spaniards, and did not
give up the pursuit until they had
put the enemy completely to rout
and captured and made useless
its only water supply.
In the vicinity of the block
house, about which the en
emy made a Final stand, the
bodies of forty Spaniards
killed in the engagement
were found. In preceding
engagements the Spaniards
had managed to take their
dead with them, but to-day
their defeat was so com-:
plete that those who lived
escaped only with the great- \
est difficulty. Their dead
doubtless were left on other
parts of the battlefield
also, so the total Spanish;
loss is believed to have
been much heavier.
All the American marines who
were overcome by heat were
found by their comrades, brought
back to camp and have entirely
recovered. Lieutenant Francis
Batista, one corporal and sixteen
privates were taken prisoners by
the Americans, and have been
placed on board warships in the
harbor.
From the prisoners it has been
learned that the Spanish forces
consisted of six companies of
regulars and two companies of
guerrillas. They were armed
with Mauser and new Reming
tons. The prisoners say 600
Spanish guerrillas are arranging
to make an attack on Camp Mc-
Calla with machetes. Our men
say they are eager to have them
try.
At sunset Lieutenant Colonel
Huntington asked for reinforce
ments from Captain McCalla, ap
prehending a vigorous night at
tack. Four armed companies
were sent ashore and the Marble
head and Dolphin took positions
where they could best defend the
camp. No attack has been made
up to 11 o'clock to-night, the
hour at which I left the scene to
send this dispatch.
The Solace, which came here
TTTTC fiX-NT FRANCISCO CALL.. THURSDAY. .TD^E 16. 1898.
THE VESUVIUS IN ACTION.
On Tuesday Night the Dynamite Cruiser Vesuvius Ran in Toward the Mouth of the Harbor of Santiago, Under Convoy of the Cruiser New Orleans, and When a
Mile Distant Fired Three Shells Filled With Dynamite at the Fortifications on the West Side of the Entrance.
on Monday, returned to rejoin
the fleet off Santiago the same
evening. Captain McCalla is
anxious to care for the wounded
here, and requested the Herald-
Call boat to go to Admiral Samp
son and ask to have the Solace
sent back here. The Smith left
immediately on the errand.
An American vessel, the Glou
cester, came here from the fleet
this evening and proceeded to
Mole St. Nicholas with dis
patches for the Navy Department
from Admiral Sampson. Orders
have come from Washington to
hurry the work of splicing cables,
and direct communication be
tween the American rivet and
Washington is expected to-mor
row.
Three hundred Cubans are ex
pected within a few hours to re
enforce the American marines.
They will be brought across the
bay in boats from the Marble
head. All the Americans
woUnded in the engagement at
Crest Heights are doing ex
tremely well, while the health of
the marines is excellent. I am
able to report also the conduct of
the Cubans as- fine.
Later particulars of the previous
fighting about Camp McCalla indicate
the marines were taken by surprise
when the Spaniards attacked the camp
at midnight Friday. One of the di
visions most exposed to the enemy's
lire was Company D, Captain Slicer's
command. These men were doing
picket duty. Three were killed. All
but sixteen members of Company D
were on outpost duty. When the fir
ing became heavy Lieutenant Hunting
ton sent forward his entire force of 550
marines. Harrington's battery of ar
tillery took the advanced position on
the minor crest of the ridge. Present
ly the firing slackened and continued
an hour only in a desultory manner.
The report then came that Captain
Slicer's skirmishers had engaged the
enemy and had established strong out
posts across the peninsula. At 11 o'clock
Saturday night the firing of the enemy
increased at the outskirts of the camp.
It seemed as if several pickets must
have been cut off or killed. An order
then rang over the crest to fall In.
Darkness was intense without and the
armed men formed into companies and
took a more exposed position than as
signed them originally In the plans for
defending the camp.
As it was expected that the Spanish
would attempt to take the American
position by storm word was passed to
the outer pickets to fall back. The
Spaniards advanced steadily, firing ?s
they came, but their aim generally was
too high. It is doubtful if new troops
ever had such trying experiences as
those of the American marines. For
hours they crept over the rough ground,
beating their way through an almost
endless lot of cactus plants. They were
at a great disadvantage at night, and,
also because the attacking guerrillas
were trained bushwhackers and were
familiar with the ground on which the I
fighting took place. The enemy crept
dose upon the Americans before mid- ;
night of the first day and poured a tre
mendous fire into the camp. This fire
was returned with full measure by the :
Americans, and the air about the main
position was filled with singing lead.
Our men became steadier in their fire
as the fighting continued and did much
execution before the engagement end- !
cd. It was more difficult for the Amer- j
leans to resist the Spanish attack be- i
cause the enemy approached from the !
right center and left simultaneously. |
Our men were free from fire only un
the side of the camp faring the bay.
HOW THE MARINES
CAPTURED THE CAMP
Cnder the Bold Attack and Steady
Fire the Spaniards Suffer a
Deadly Rout.
UNITED STATES CAMP, East, side ;
5f Guantanamo Hay. Tuesday, June 14,
5 p. m. (by the Associated Press Dis
patch Boat Wanda, via Kingston, Ja
maica, Wednesday, June 15. 12:30
p. m.).— The United States marines un
3er Lieutenant Colonel Robert W.
Eluntlngton made their first aggressive
movement against the Spanish guerril
las to-day and completely routed the i
?nemy. The force of marines was un- .
3er Captair Elliott, and the co-operat
ing Cubans were under Colonel La
borda. The combined forces razed a
Spanish camp about five miles from ,
the American position, .destroying the |
only veil in the vicinity and killing
more than forty Spaniards. One Amer- j
lean marine was slightly wounded. S
Two of the Cubans were killed and
[our wounded.
It is impossible to estimate the num- i
ber of Spaniard** engaged, owing to the ,
guerrilla methods of lighting, but it is
believed there were at least 400. The ;
marines behaved splendidly, their ,
marksmanship being excellent, even j
under the severe fire of the enemy.
The captured camp lies about five
miles southeast of the riile pits of the
marines, and was an important base
for the enemy, as it contained the only j
well within six or seven miles. Lieu
tenant Colonel Huntington decided on
the attack early in the day, and about
8 o'clock the force started across the i
mountain. The march up and down
the steep hillsides under the glaring
tropical sun was a severe test of en
durance for the marines, and before
the battle ground was reached twenty
two men had received medical atten
tion. All were able, however, to reach
the position before the fighting ceased.
The marines were compelled to march
in single file, following the mountain
trail. Meanwhile the Cubans darted
backward and forward, to right and
left, on the scout.
It was noon when, from a hilltop, the
Americans caught sight of the Span
ish camp on a ridge below them. It
consisted of one large house, the offi
cers' squarters, surrounded by numer
ous "shacks" and houses, all clustering
about the precious -well.
The Americans began a cautious ad
vance aDd were within 200 yards of the
enemy before the crack of a rifle from
the Spanish lines announced that the
Spaniards had discovered them. The
troops quickly moved into line of bat
tle, with the Cubans on the left flank.
The enemy's bullets were whistling vi
ciously over the Americans, but the
marines settled down to their work ns
unconcernedly as though at target
practice.
Very few Spaniards were in sight.
They were lying behind the huts and
the brush, but the puffs of smoke re
vealed their positions and enabled the
Americans to do offective work. For
twenty minutes both sides maintained.
a terrific flre. The Spanish shots were
generally wild and spasmodic, while
the Americans fired away, aiming care
fully and shooting to kill. For the
most part the American firing was done
individually, but at times the officers
would direct firing by squads, always
with telling effect. It was beginning
to look as though a bayonet charge
down the slope would be necessary to
dislodge the enemy, when suddenly the
latter began to break for a thicket a
hundred yards farther on. Little groups
could be seen fleeing from the camp,
separating, darting through the brush
and zigzagging to escape the shots.
It was then the American fire be
came most deadly. Man after man
was seen to fall in a vain rush for shel
ter, and the fire from the Spanish be
came scattered and almost ceased.
Two Cubans lay dead and four
wounded, and Private Walker of Com
pany D had to limp to the rear with a
slight wound in his ankle.
The easy victory put the command In
high spirits. The little black Cuban
warriors waved their ' machetes and
howled curses at the Spaniards in a
savage fashion. Their firing had b^en
wild throughout, but they all displayed
the utmost contempt for the Spanish
'. bullets, appa: mtly being absolutely
without fear.
As the enemy began breaking camp
the Dolphin, which lay out at sea, was
signaled and began pitching shells
toward the thicket for which the Span
iards were making.
Meanwhile lieutenant Magill was
seen coming with forty men as re-en
forcements, and Captain Mahoney was
on the way with a hundred more, but
i before either could reach the scene the
| trouble was over.
As the Spanish retreated the Ameri
cans moved slowly forward, firing as
! they went, and by the time the camp
; was reached the enemy had all gone
away, taking their wounded and prob
ably many of iieir dead. Forty bodies
' were found scattered through the
brush, but the Americans were unabfe
to examine the spot where their firing
had been most deadly. No time was
! lost in burning the buildings and filling
; the well with earth and stones.
The Dolphin landed water and am
munition, as an attack was expected
on the return march, but none was
made. Evidently the Spaniards were
too thoroughly beaten to attempt
further fighting. The marines did not
reach the American camp until after
I nightfall, and a? they had been without
food since the early morning they were
thoroughly exhausted.
Colonel Huntington believes the de
struction of their camp and well will
seriously cripple the bushwhacking
operations of the enemy.
GREAT BRITAIN REFUSES
TO CANCEL CHARTERS
War Department Fails to Lease
Northern Pacific Steamship
Company's Vessels.
TACOMA, June 15.— 1t is evident
that the lease by the Government of
the Northern Pacific Steamship Com
pany's vessels is off, at least so far as
the steamship Victoria is concerned.
The Victoria to-day commenced again
taking on cargo for the Orient and will
sail for Hongkong on Saturday. Offi
cials of the steamship company will
give out no Information, but it is ru
mored that the deal is off owing to a
refupal on the part of the British Gov
ernment to cancel the charter which
the vessels now hold.
Princeton Honors Dewey.
PRINCETON, N. J., June 15.— At the
commencement exercises of Princeton
University Admiral Dewey was hon
ored with a decree of LL.D.
DYNAMITE
HURLED AT
SPANIARDS
Vesuvius Proves Itself a
Dread Engine of De
struction
! Does Terrible Execution in the
BombardmeQt of a San
tiago Battery.
ON BOARD HERALD-CALL DISPATCH
BOAT OFF SANTIAGO, June 14. via Mole St.
Nicholas, Hayti, June 15.— Historical will be
come the work of destruction by the United
States dynamite cruiser Vesuvius shortly
before 12 o'clock last night. Under orders
from Admiral Sampson, the Vesuvius let fly
three dynamite shells at the forts standing
on the headland on the western side of
the entrance of Santiago harbor, and each
projectile did frightful execution.
This was the first test of a dyna
mite cruiser in actual warfare,
and naval officers are highly
gratified with the results. In ac
quiring dynamite cruisers the
United States Government estab
lished a precedent, and naval ex
perts in all parts of the world have
been keenly interested in it. For
eign governments watched close
ly the tests of the Vesuvius when
the vessel first went into the
water, and no vessel in either the
American or the Spanish navy
has been the object of such
studied attention since the pres
ent war began. Naval experts
have been eager to know how a
dynamite cruiser would behave
in actual warfare and whether it
would prove capable of doing the
destructive work its defenders
predicted.
All doubt as to these points
was dispelled within a few min
utes last night. Admiral Samp
son has been apprehensive about
the strength of the fort situated
on the point high above the sea
to the west of the entrance of
Santiago harbor. This fort, the
American admiral thought, was
one of two not entirely disabled
by the bombardment on June 6.
To settle that point and also give
the dynamite cruiser a fair oppor
tunity to prove its usefulness Ad
miral Sampson issued orders for
the Vesuvius to shell the fort.
It was 11 o'clock when the
Vesuvius stole up close to
the entrance of the harbor
34
and sent three dynamite
shells one after another in
the direction of the fort.
Terrific exDlosions followed,
each shell bursting on the
impact and playing havoc
where it struck.
The fort attacked was the most
powerful of any guarding the
harbor, mounting 1 several modern
guns. In the darkness the Ameri
cans could not distinguish the
point at which the shells struck,
but they are certain the projec
tiles exploded very near the fort,
if they did not actually hit it.
This effective work by the Ve
suvius was followed a few hours
later by equally good work by the
New Orleans. Captain Folger of
the New Orleans reported to Ad
miral Sampson early last night
that the Spaniards were emplac
ing new guns to the eastward of
Morro Castle, and he was or
dered to make an attack on the
new defenses at daylight this
morning.
When dawn came the New
Orleans took a position with
in three-quarters of a mile
of the new fortifications and
gave the Spaniards the hot
test ten minutes they have
experienced since the war
began.
The range was found at the
first .shot and in a minute the
crest of the hill was being swept
by a hurricane of shells. In a
few seconds the Spanish position
was obscured by the smoke from
bursting missiles, but the work
of the Xew ( Means' gunners was
magnificent. Every shell struck
the top of the parapet, bursting
over its defenders.
The battery was silenced in
three minutes, but the firing was
continued until the signal of re
call was hoisted on the flagship.
The Xew Orleans was uninjured.
CLOUDS OF EARTH
THROWN SKYWARD
Terrific Explosion Followed the
Striking of Guncotton-Laden
Projectiles.
O F F SA X T [AGO DE
CUBA, June 14.-H By the Asso
ciated l'ress dispatch boat Dan
dy, via Kingston, Jamaica. June
15. 8 p. m.) — The dynamite
cruiser Vesuvius joined the fleet
yesterday ami was put at work
immediately. Ensign Palmer of
the Xew York went <>v the Ve
suvius with Lieutenant-Com
mander Pillsbury to explain the
location of the batteries. A few
minutes before midnight the Ve
suvius was within a half mile of
the beach west of Morro. The
Oregon's searchlight played on
the westward battery while the
black iK^e of the cruiser pointed
at it.
I .ieirtenant-Commander Pins
bury gave the word to fire and
Lieutenant Quimby opened the
air vent. There was a slight hiss
ing, a sort of coughing noise, but
no flame, no report, no warning
to the Spaniards who were hiding
in the darkness. Thirty seconds
later a dull roar broke the silence
of the night. Two hundred
pounds of guncotton had ex
ploded on the hillside below the
batten.
The ships on the blockading
lines two miles away shook with
the explosion. The firing of a
thirteen-inch shell is a mere rifle
crack compared to the deep and
mighty roar. Clouds of earth
thrown up from the hills seemed
to stand out against the sky.
Another package of guncotton
was dropped on the other side of
the battery, and may possibly
have struck the torpedo boats
anchored below.
Before the echoes of the sec
ond shot died away the Vesuvius
sent a third charge hissing out. It
fell right on the brow of the hill
where the battery seemed to b.c.
Into the air flew tons of etirth,
and the smoke covered the land
for a half mile.
The Vesuvius retired at a six
teen-knot rate. Two flashes from
the hill and two Spanish shells
flew beyond the cruiser.
The test was regarded as high
ly satisfactory and there is in
tense interest in the fleet over
this first trial in war of a dyna
mite cruiser.
"With Dewey at Manila," and pic
tures taken from photograph's of the
great naval battle, by Joseph L.
Stickney, the special war correspond
ent of The Call, who stood on the
bridge of the flagship Olympia dur
ing the fight,— In next Sunday's Call.
ANNEXATION
RESOLUTIONS
ARE PASSED
House Votes to Take In
Hawaii With AH Its
Indebtedness.
But the Scheme Must Yet Go to the
Senate, Where a Vote Can't
Be Reached this Session.
Ayes, 209 ; noes, 91.
For annexation— l 79 Republicans, 18
Democrats, 8 Populists and 4 Fusionists.
Against annexation —77 Democrats,
3 Republicans, 7 Populists and 4 Fusion
ists.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, June 15.
As expected by every one the New
lands resolutions for the annexation of
Hawaii passed the House by a big ma
jority, the vo-te being 209 to 91. Speaker
Reed was absent on account of su lv
ness, but the occupant of .the chair
(Dalzell) announced on behalf of Reed
that if he had been present he would
have voted against annexation.
Of the California delegation Barham,
IlilLtorn and Loud voted for the resolu
tion. Barlow and Castle refrained from
recording themselves and Magulre cast
the only California vote against it. The
resolution will now be taken up in the
Senate, but the general opinion here
is that it will not reach a vote at this
session, as it will be impossible to hold
Senators at the capital during the hot
weather. Some of them are already
leaving and others are impatient to
leave before the weather becomes in
tolerable.
The chief organ of the annexation
ists. the Evening Star, realizes full
well that Congress cannot be kept here
much longer and in an editorial to
night urges them to remain, saying:
"A disposition on the part of some of
the political leaders In the two bouses
"L Congress to secure an early adjourn
ment Is to be noted with surprise. The
nation is at war with foreign foe.
Conditions of unquestioned gravity and
novelty are constantly arising. It
is particularly surprising that there
should be any thought of adjournment
without acting upon the annexation of
Hawaii."
This coming from the annexationists
sho-ws the apprehension they feel that
Congress will adjourn without taking
action. The letter of Samuel Gompers,
president of the American Federation
of Labor, written to Speaker Reed,
protesting against annexation in the
name of over a million members of that
labor association is likely to Influence
the action of some Senators whose
terms are about to expire and who will
!••• dependent upon the votes of labor
representatives in the Legislature for
re-election.
;-Vnator White In reply to the state
raent of Judge Haynes of Son Fran
cisco will show by a letter received to
day from the superintendent of the
( '. . ast and Geodetic Survey that while
the distance from San Francisco to
Manila via Unalaska is 6375 miles, it is
67M miles from San Francisco to Ma
nila via Honolulu and the San Bernar
dino Passage. The letter is &B follows:
"Office ol the Coast and Geodetic Sur-
vey.
Hon. Stephen M. White— Sir: In re
ply to your letter received yesterday I
lx-K leave to forward the following data
computing the distances of steamer
routes (on great circles allowing for
rounding of capes or Islands, viz.: San
Francisco to I'nalaska. 20.15 nautical
miles; I'nalaska to Yokohama via Cape
Mela, 2."* jo miles; Yokohama to Manila,
1790. ,San Francisco to Honolulu, 2083;
Honolulu to Manila via San Bernardino
Passage, 4710."
The debate on annexation, which has
been continued without interruption in
the House since Saturday, has been
one of the most notable of this Con
gress, the proposed annexation being
considered of commercial and strategic
importance by its advocates and being
looked .upon by Its opponents as in
volving a radical departure from the
long-established policy of the country,
and likely to be followed by the in
auguration of a pronounced policy of
colonization, the abandonment of the
Monroe doctrine and participation In
international wrangles. More than half
a hundred members participated in the
debate. From a party standpoint the
result was awaited with the keenest In
terest. The Republicans presented
practically a unanimous support to th^
resolutions, but three Republicans vot
ing in opposition. In the Democratic
ranks the division upon the question
was more marked, eighteen Demo
cratic members voting for annexation.
The vote in support of the resolu
tions to-day was made up of 179 Re
publicans. 18 Democrats, 8 Populists
and 4 fusionists; the vote against an
nexation comprised 7T Democrats, 3
Republicans, 7 Populists and 4 fusion
ists.
To-day's session began at 10 o'clock
and debate continued seven hours. Few
members were upon the floor until late
in the afternoon and the galleries had
few occupants. As the hour for voting
drew near, however, members began
taking their places and there were few
more than a score of absentees when
the first rollcall was taken. The an-
nouncement of the vote upon the pas
sage of the resolutions was cheered
upon the iioor and applauded by the
spectators. The resolutions adopted
to-day in a preamble relate to the offer
of the Hawaiian republic to cede all of
its sovereignty and absolute title to
the Government and crown lands, and
then by resolution accepts the cession
and declares the islands annexed. The
resolutions provide for a commission of
five, at least two of whom shall be resi
dent Hawailans, to recommend to Con
gress such legislation as they may
deem advisable. The public debt of
Hawaii, not to exceed $4,000,000, is as
sumed. Chinese immigration is pro
hibited, all treaties with other powers
are declared null, and it is provided
that, until Congress shall provide for
the government of the islands all
civil, Judicial and military powers now
exercised by the officers of the existing
Government shall be exercised in such
manner as the President Bhall direct,
and he is given power to appoint per
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THUHSDAT, JUNE 16, 1898.
sons to put Into effect provisional gov
ernment for the islands.
Soon after the House met the Hawaiian
debate was resumed. The Senate bills
granting American register to the ships
Specialist and Unionist were passed.
Fitzgerald CD.) of Massachusetts spoke
against the N,wland.s resolution. In the
course of his speech ho emphasized the
failure of the majority of Huwaiians to
express their desirps relative to annexa
i!' n " , , insis? tfd that every people had
the right to the government of its choice
Woodland's Gay Decorations In Honor of the Native Daughters
Speaking further, Fitzgerald opposed an
nexation on the ground that an injurious
labor element would be brought Into com
petition with American laborers.
Supporting the resolution, Berry (D.) of
Kentucky devoted much of his time to
show that annexation was In line with
Democratic policy. He reviewed the ter
ritorial additions to the original States to
show that practically all had been made
by Democrats. He quoted Jefferson.
Plorce, Marcy, Buchanan, Bayard and
other Democrats to support his conten
tion that Democratic history -warranted
i present Democratic Bupport of annexa
tion.
Parker (R.I of New Jersey advocated
the resolutions and Meyer (D.I of Louisi
ana followed in opposition, paying- special
attention to the Injury which he claimed
i would be inflicted upon the 000.000 people
engaged in Louisiana in the sugar in
dustry.
During Meyer's speech he was inter
rupted by Suizer, who asserted the agent
of the sugar trust was at the capital
■working against annexation.
"By what authority do you say that?"
I qiierled Golnes (D.) of Tennessee.
"By the newspaper now in your hand,
which says Oxnard, representing the
trust, is here, and asserts the resolutions
will pass the House but the Senate will
I adjourn before they can get through
i there."
"He ought to be kicked out of town,"
| declared the Tennesseean.
"That's right," replied the New Yorker.
"And if he comes talking around I'll
; kick him out," asserted the member from
! Tennessee, with rising Indignation.
Williams (D. > of Mississippi concluded
the debate for the opposition. He devoted
much of his time to an attack upon the
< method of annexation embodied in the
resolutions. He insisted upon its uncon
' stitutlonality.
Hepburn (R.) of lowa was recognized
I to conclude in support of the resolutions.
' Answering the claim that annexation
would mean launching upon colonization,
i he disavowed any such understanding. He
' said he hoped to see every Spanish pos
session fall Into the possession of this
i country In order to contribute to the
! enemy's Injury and that being accom
! plished the question of their disposition
; would ari^e and be met when the war
should end.
At the conclusion of Hepburn's speech,
; it being 5 o'clock, voting began. The first
■ roll call was upon the minority substitute,
I which proposed resolutions as follows:
I— That the Tnlted States will view
i as an act of hostility any attempt upon
t the part of any Government of Europe or
i Asia to take or hold possession of the
: Hawaiian Islands or to exercise upon any
pretext or under any conditions sovereign
authority therein.
i 2— The United States hereby announce
j to the people of those islands and to the
i world their guarantee of the Independ
ence of the people of the Hawaiian Islands
and their firm determination to maintain
i the same.
The roll call resulted In the rejection of
the substitute. Yeas. t>4; nays, 205.
The announcement of the vote was ap
plauded. The majority resolution was
then put upon passage and the roll call
proceeded. It was followed with great in
terest, there being a general curiosity
to hear the vote of many members con
sidered doubtful.
Prior to announcing the v%te, Dalzell,
who, In the absence of Mr. Reed, was
• presiding, said: "The Speaker of the
! House Is absent on account of Illness and
I am requested by him to say that were
he present, on this proposition he would
vote no."
The announcement was applauded by
the opposition to annexation. Dalzell then
announced the vote: Yeas, 209; nays, 91;
not present, 6.
NATIVES PLAN
NOBLE WORK
Project of California's
Daughters."
HOME FOR SICK MEMBERS
HOW THE RELIEF FUND WILL
BE UTILIZED.
Grand Parlor in Session at Woodland
Decides to Hold Its Next
Annual Meeting at
Stockton.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, June 15.— One feature
of this session of the Grand Parlor of
Native Daughters that has a vital in r
terest for. every member of the order
will be the consideration of a new line
of work which the board of relief will
formulate. The board of relief is an
incorporate body and was organized in
accordance with a recommendation
adopted by the Grand Parlor at its
sixth annual session, held at Sacra
mento in 1892. It consists of fifteen
members, appointed from that Grand j
Parlor body, and its financial start in i
life was a bequest of $600, received I
from the estate of S. P. Rodgers for
charitable purposes. The main objects
of the board are to relieve sick, dis
tressed and worthy members of the or
der. Its support is derived from an
annual tax on, the subordinate parlors,
and as the calls for relief have been
very few and the tax has been regu- !
larly paid the fund has gradually j
grown until there is now on hand about '
$13,000.
The business affairs of the board are ;
under the direction of nine directors,
whose first officers were: President, i
Mrs. Tina L. Kane; vice president, Miss
Mac B. Wilkln: secretary, Miss M. B.
Johnson; treasurer, Mrs. Carrie R.
Durham; and the same officers still fill
the chairs, with the exception of Miss :
Johnson, who has been succeeded by
Miss C. K. Wittenmeyer.
The nctivo, energetic native daugh
ters who compose this board of relief
are apparently not satisfied with the
small amount of good they have been
able to do with the funds intrusted to
their care, and each annual meeting has
been enlivened by discussion on the
subject. "The greatest good to the
greatest number" seems to be their
aim, and last year, when Miss C. K.
Wittenmeyer suggested a Native
Daughters' Home, where the sick of the
order could receive the best medical at
tendance, the Idea was hailed with de
light.
During the year a committee was ap
pointed with Mrs. W. S. Leake as chair
man to outline a plan of work that
would accomplish the object, and to
have It ready for this session. The
plan has been discussed by members
of the committee in many of the sub
ordinate parlors, and the enthusiastic
reception it received has encouraged
them in the belief they are working out
the right idea for making the more sub
stantial the foundation on which their
order rests.
It is evidently not the Intention of
these rustling Native Daughters to plan
to build their home frrr a time when
their days of usefulness are gone; it is
for the infirm of to-day they are work
ing and they intend to begin at once,
even though it be In a small way — start
the bag a-rollinpr. as it were, believing
it will grow as it goes; and they even
look forward to a building: of their
own, well built and well planned, vir
tually a "home of their own." An un
dertaking of some proportions, they
realize, but what these Native Daugh
ters undertake to do, they do, and in
this they intend to be successful.
The work of the Grand Parlor at this
morning's cession was prefaced with
prayer and the usual song service. In
her report the grand president recom
mended the adoption of a ritual pre
pared by Mrs. Gunzendorfer of San
Francisco. The morning session was
almost wholly devoted to the exempli
fication of this ritual. For that pur
pose the grand president appointed the
following officers: Miss Clara Witten
meyer, senior past president; Eliza D.
Keith, past president; Mrs. Theodore
Lunstedt, president; Miss M. Bertola,
first vice president; Mrs. L. Carlie, sec
ond vice president; Mrs. L. H. Mills,
third vice president; Mrs. L. B. Mills,
marshal; Mrs. Callie Shields, outside
sentinel.
Dr. Mary Cage Campbell officiated as
the mock candidate for initiation. The
| exemplification was watched with a
j great deal of interest and at the close
of the ceremony the delegates were
very enthusiastic in commending and
praising Mrs. Gunzendorfer's work.
A communication was read from Joa
quin Parlor of Stockton, offering to en
tertain the Grand Parlor in 1899. A
motion to hold the next Grand Parlor
at that place was adopted unanimously.
At the afternoon session the report
I of the committee on printing and sup-
I plies and that of the committee on ap
i peals and grievances were read and re
ferred. An original poem written by
[Miss Irene H. Musick of Crescent City
Parlor was recited. A telegram from
Grand President Conly of the Native
Sons to Grand President Conrad of the
Native Daughters was read, it con
gratulating the delegates and express
ing the hope that the twelfth session
would be a success.
Under the head of good of the order
the proposition to change the time of
meeting of the Grand Parlor was dis
cussed at considerable length. It was
not settled, and will come up on Thurs
day. A dispatch from Joaquin Parlor
was read, extending a hearty welcome
to the Grand Parlor for 1899. At 4
o'clock an adjournment was ordered,
the Grand Parlor having accepted an
invitation to attend a meeting of the
Red Cross Society.
This evening between the hours of 6
and 8:30 the members of the Grand
Parlor were taken for a drive. Every
point of interest in Woodland and the
great Yolo orchard at Cacheville were
visited. All the conditions for the ex
cursion were favorable. The roads were
in splendid condition and the weather
perfect. The delegates expressed them
selves as delighted with the experience.
Beginning at 9 o'clock an open-air
concert was given on the court yard
plaza.
The weather clerk has been very gra
cious so far this week, and the indica
tions are that we shall have pleasant
weather during the entire session of the
Grand Parlor. The delegates are agree
ably surprised, as many of them came
here under the impression that the heat
would be sweltering. Instead they have
found a climate as genial and recuper
ating as a seaside resort, and some of
them did not come prepared for it.
Politics is taking up some of the at
tention of the delegates, and there is
friendly rivalry for several of the of
fices. Miss Lizzie Douglass of Alta
Parlor, present treasurer, is a candidate
for re-election. Mrs. W. A. Gett of Sac
ramento will be presented by Califia
Parlor for vice-president. Mrs. Cora B.
Sifford of Buena Ventura Parlor is a
candidate for first vice-president. Miss
Eliza D. Keith of San Francisco is a
candidate for grand trustee. Alta Par
lor is anxious to put her in the line of
succession for the grand presidency.
FRENCH MINISTERS RESIGN.
PARTS, June In.— The Cabinet met this
morning and reviewed the situation.
Later. M. Moline handed President Faure
the resignations of the whole Cabinet,
which the President accepted, while re
questing the Ministers to continue tho di
rection of affairs until their successors tt \ re
named.
Tt is expected that M. Rfbot, the former
Premier and Minister of Financp, will b«
invited to form a new Ministry and it is
considered probable that M. Dupuy, who
was Premier of the Cabinet which preced
ed that of M. Ribot. will join the new
Ministry.
WILL ISSUE NO
MORE LICENSES
Two Poolrooms Enough
for Sausalito.
DECISION OF THE TRUSTEES.
HUMPHREY SYNDICATE NOT IN
FAVOR.
Harrison and Harvey Will Continue
to Hold a Monopoly in the
Gambling Busi
ness.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAUSALITO, June 15.— A Mttle squad
of poolroom soldiers came over from
San Francisco in an electric launch to
night, confident that when they return
ed it would be in Joyful mood at the
downfall of rival cohorts. There were
six men in the party — John P. Glynn,
Alfred Broyer, Henry Schwartz, John
Humphrey and two friends. On this
side they were welcomed by Attorney
Hepburn Wilkins of San Rafael and a
number of friends. Soon the streets
were alive with people keenly inter
ested in the outcome of their visit. It
would soon be known whether Har
rison and Harvey were to enjoy a mo
nopoly In the poolroom business.
The town hall was crowded at 9
o'clock, and there was a buzz of ex
citement when Trustees Crumpton,
Sylva and Thomas marched sedately
in and took their seats.
"I move," said Sylva, "that this
board adjourn to meet next Monday
evening."
Thomas seconded the motion and the
gTeat event was over.
A party of six went back to the
metropolis in an electric launch to the
tune of "Chevy Chase." The fact is
now divulged that the reason why the
San Mateo forces did not witness their
own funeral was that the board saw
fit to postpone the obsequies. For the
firm of Glynn, Broyer. Schwartz &
Humphrey will get no license to run a
poolroom in Sausalito. Early in the
evening three members of the board
met and held a caucus In secret. It
was decided to refuse a license to
Schwartz and hie combine, and the
members solemnly pledged themselves
to stand by each other when it comes
to a vote in open meeting next Mon
day evening.
AUGUSTI PREPARING
FOR THE ASSAULT
Cables to Madrid That the Situ
ation at Manila Continues
Critical.
MADRID, June 15.— A dispatch received here from Captain General
Augusti, dated Manila, June 6, says:
"The situation continues critical. The enemy surround the town. I
have had our lines drawn closer around the city and strengthened at
Intervals by trochas. Communication is still cut. I expect General
Monet, with re-enforcements, but I have no news from him. The white
population of the suburbs, fearing they will be massacred by the rebels
and preferring the risk of bombardment, have entered the fortified part
of the town and will assist in its defense. I do not know when the
bombardment will commence."
THE LAURADA
GOES ASHORE
Strikes in the Narrows
at Vancouver:
DRAWN OFF BY TWO TUGS
HER PASSENGERS ANXIOUS TO
TURN BACK
The Vessel Will Be Libeled Because
of Damage Done to the Water
Mains of Van
couver.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. June 15. — Trouble
seems to have followed the old filibus
tering steamship Laurada to the West,
for after getting into disfavor with the
customs officers here by refusing to un
dergo Canadian inspection she early
THE ILL-FATED STEAMER LAURADA.
this morning struck o-n the rocks and
gravel in the Narows when leaving
the harbor.
The Laurada took on 200 tons of
freight here for the Dominion Govern
ment forces on the Yukon and left with
a Seattle pilot named Hanson aboard
shortly after midnight last night. An
hour afterward she was ashore in the
Narrows, having in some unaccountable
manner mistaken the channel. A Call
representative, accompanied by a cus
toms officer, rowed out to the steamer
this morning. She was then high out
c-f the water, with her stern almost
submerged. Her 240 passengers were
grouped disconsolately around the
deck. J. Henshaw of Al-Ki, Ind., who
was bound northward to represent the
Seattle-Yukon Gold Dredging Company,
gave this story of the disaster:
"All our trouble is due to having a
Seattle pilot named Hanson on board,
who did not know these waters. All
of our 240 passengers were asleep when
a crashing, grinding noise told us some
thing was wrong. The twenty women
on board were the first on deck, scream
ing and crying for life preservers. Then
the men piled nut and terrible confusion
ensued. In the dim light we saw we
were almost on land and this quieted
us.
"All night we remained on deck,
afraid to sleep, and in the gray morn
ing we were high and dry on shore, for
the tide was out."
The passengers were in an excited
state and wanted to leave the steamer.
During the afternoon efforts were
made by two tugs to get the vessel
off, and at 6 o'clock they were success
ful. The passengers expected to be
taken ba<:k to Vancouver, as they
thought the vessel was unsafe. To es
cape libel proceedings by the city for
damages to the water pipes the cap
tain went right on to Seattle. When
The Call correspondent left the boat
the passengers were holding an indig
nation meeting and said all would leave
the steamer at Seattle if she ever get
there.
The Laurada has been unfortunate
since coming here. When Captain
Scott refused Canadian inspection he
had to take oath that no passengers
would be taken on here. This aroused
the suspicions of passengers, who said
the boat must be unsafe, and they com
plained to the customs officers. Things
went from bad to worse and now there
is rebellion on board.
Among the passengers Is Mrs. Wall,
wife of Sam W. Wall of The Call, who
is going to Dawson with a newspaper
plant. She was the only self-possessed
person on board when the vessel struck.
Owing to the breaking of the two
principal water mains by the Laurada
a water famine is expected here. Cana
dian officials will follow the boat to
Seattle to libel her.
SEATTLE, June 15.— The steamer
Laurada is expected In this port early
to-morrow morning and complications
are likely to arise. After running
aground in the narrow entrance to Van
couver harbor and breaking the city's
water pipe mains Bhe floated off at high
tide to-night before papers in a $15,000
libel cult could be Berved. It Is main
tained here by maritime men that a
libel will not hold while the vessel is In
an American port.
The Canadian authorities were severe
in their criticism of the Laurada's cap
tain. Although Vancouver Is a com
pulsory pilotage Dort Captain Scott,
who was a mate with Captain Hart on
his now famous filibustering expedition
to Cuba, refused to take a pilot out,
against a full t^de, contenting himself
with a local pilot who did not know
the channel, called The Narrows, at the
entrance of the harbor. As a conse
quence he left the straight and narrow
path to avoid a tide rip and ran onto
the pipes lying at the bottom of the
channel. •
ARMOUR GOES TO
LEITER'S RELIEF.
The Packer May Prevent a Heavy
Loss by the Young Napoleon
of Wheat.
CHICAGO, June 15.— Arrangements for
the closing of the Leiter deal have been
completed. Final papers were placed be
fore Joseph Leiter to-day, and 7,000,000'
bushels of choice cash wheat were con
signed to P. D. Armour, who will hence
forth control all the Leiter holdings. Ar
mour has already begun to dispose of the
wheat, and unless the coining crop is har
vested sooner than anticipated it seems
likely that the immense line of wheat m
the Northwest will be consumed here.
It is stated that Leiter will not lose as
much as was generally believed. Armour's
assumption of the burden is said to have
meant at least $2,000,000 for Leiter. That
much loss would have been incurred if
the immense line of wheat had to be mer
chandised by trustees, with the probabil
ity of a declining market. The loans made
to Leiter by the local banks aggregate
nearly $7.000",000. Each bank was careful
to protect itself with wide margins that
would insure against loss. Interviews
with a number of bankers interested show
that they are all satisfied with the trans
fer of the deal to Armour.
NEW YORK. June 15.— The Sheriff has
received another attachment . against
Joseph L,eiter of Chicago, this being in
favor of the Thames and Mersey Insur
ance Company for $$1,915. The attachment
was granted by Justice Daly of the Su
preme Court. i''Z ■.:'-
m
Bead "The Cursa of the Camp," by
Alice Rix,
In next Sunday's Call.
Held for Murder.
SANTA ROSA, June 15.— Two Indians,
Peter Bill and Merlon Moranda. have been
held for trial before the Superior Court
upon the charge of the murder of another
Indian near Fulton a few weeks ago. Th»
murder was a most brutal one.
STRAPPING
Fine men are those who are
ready to fight at a moment's no-
tice. They are full of lusty
manhood. Are you? Or is it true
that you are puny and weakP
If you have tremblings, gloom
and a continual sense of fear
your nerves must be debilitated.
You have abused some function
of nature. Make up for it.
"Hudyan," the great remedio-
treatment of the Hudsonian In-
stitute, makes big, manly men
out of weak and premature men.
21,000 of them are well and all
full of fire to-day. They swear
it. Ask for testimonials and cir-
culars telling you of "Hud-
yan's" magical power. Sent to
you absolutely free. Ask and
have and find pleasure in living
again.
Blood *\\ a nt T an ? all other diseas- ar«
cured at the Institute very rapidly. Stood
diseases : are contagious. "30-day Wood
nf r t e o»r,&o »r, & °^ eradI cates all of the traces
?«« a I nn E t V» Ctr ™ larB and medical advice all
ly'at^s thaler* 13 h6IP m ° re bad "
YOUNG MEN.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS*
Ban Frant:l«c<»-MORE VO LUNTEERS ARE NEEDED
TIMELY
AID FROM
CUBANS
Belief That the Marines at
Guantanamo fire Out
of Danger.
sar)tiago's Defenders Cut Off
From Relief and Penned in
tt)e City Proper.
WASHINGTON, June 15.— Uke the
relief of the beleaguered at Lucknow
! the welcome news to the Navy
Department this afternoon that the lit
tle band of American marines who had
planted the Hag on Great Hill and were
defending it" night and day against
heavy odds were not only safe but were
strongly re-enforced by 1500 Cubans
from the commands of Garcia and Rabi
and w6re now strong enough to more
than hold their own.
It was disclosed in a dispatch from
Admiral Sampson, and brought much
relief to naval officials. The early re
ports had indicated that the marines
\>. ore surrounded and it was feared
that they ir.i^ht be compelled to return
to the ships before General Shafter's
invading army reached there on Fri-
The coming of the Cuban forces
a to have been in the nick of time,
and naval officers give the fullest credit
to the timeliness of this Cuban co-op
n. The admiral's dispatch stated
the condition of the marines was
satisfactory," which assur
although brief, was enough to re
here of the fears they had
tamed.
But probably the most signifi
cant fealureof theadmiral's dis
patch was the statement that
the Cuban General Rabi had oc
cupied Aserradero, only ei&ht
miles from Santiago and practi
cally a suburb of that Spanish
stronghold.
It was the execution of a plan ar
il in Washington some weeks ago
when two of the stall officers of General
i tame here to confer with Gen
. At that time Garcia and
■ at Bayamo, in the western I
go province and more ]
than dred miles northwest of
• iba.
Admiral Sampson's dispatch shows
that' hiß force have made a
■ - tiago de Cuba,
p to it..; Bouth of it, have
occur radero. 'lhis is looked
upon as a ;ry stroke, for Aser
■o is the port whose wharf will
afford facilities for unloading the heavy
artillery carried by General Shafter's
Invading expedition.
The news also indicated to the au
thorities here that the Spanish garrison
at Santiago has practically retreated
inside the city proj er, giving up the
lying towns.
Admiral Sampson also states that
ral Garcia is co-operating with the
American forcca. Whether this means
that Garcia has himself arrived from
Bayamo is not quite clear, but if he
has the joint forces of Garcia and Rabi
v.ill make 3000 to 5000 seasoned Cubans,
recently armed with Springfield rifles,
as a bushwhacking guerilla force to
aid the American troops. From sources
other than the dispatch of Admiral
Fampson the Navy Department has
informed that 500 Cubans were
rendering efficient aid "to the marines
at Crest Hill. Now that Rabi and Gar
re on the scene this 500 will be
lied to thousands.
Thi> news of the routing with severe
losses of the Spanish guerillas and the
ore of their water supply by the
as and Cubans had not been re
<i up to the close of the depart
•. but it is felt hero that it will
make the Spaniards very cautious and
le our forces to get a much needed
In making his march Rabi has
crossed the line of communi
cation between the Spanish
commander, General Pando, at
Holguin and the Spanish forces
at Santiago de Cuba, This fact
makes it clear that Santiago is
not likely to get re-enforcements
from General Pando. In circling
around Santiago to reach Aser
radero Rabl, it Is believed here,
has also established it as a fact
tnat the lines of communication
end relief to Santiago are Inter
rupted and practically cut off in
all directions.
ry Algor has Just received the
• of the siierial board, headed by
I aM charged with
;,:: i- various points that
- good camping grounds
he United States troops.. The
• md ■!. .' g tod facilities could
• Jacksonville, Fla.. Fer
:-'ia.. and Savannah', Ga. The
;,ir«e military camp
: it F rnandlna. This point
off the main line of
; tini). which makes
v isolate the camp
ssary to do so
through the appearance of yellow
A broad plateau affords splen
wnds for 20,000
:,d within a mile lies one of
beaches in the country.
ires of the site
; deep, flowing
Ijure water at the rate of twenty mil
lion gallons a day. The board reported
that" tiiis water could be piped all over
unp, and Secretary Alger, with a
ol having everything in readiness,
irdefed that the piping be laid at
once thus indicating the department's
..f Bites.
There is no intention to break up the
present camps unless disease should
;r, necessitating the changing.
tary Algor a purpose in sending
out the Hopkins board was to prepare
a camp not for Immediate occupation
! but for the Instant reception of troops
who might necessarily be removed from
; other camps where contagious diseases
appear.
Although Tampa dispatches say that
the transport fleet which sailed yester
day was going to double Cape Antonio,
: the western extremity of Cuba, in pro
i ceeding to Santiago, the naval officials
do not believe that this is the case, for
the reason that the western route is
fully 200 miles longer than the route by
way of Cape Maysi, and the transports
would have to fight the gulf stream
until they got clear around Cape An
j tonio. On the eastern course the ships
j would have the full benefit of the' fa
i vorable current until they reached Cape
: Maysi, about two-thirds of the distance
to be traveled. It is believed here that
the idea that the ships were westward
bound grew out of the circumstances
; that they headed for the Tortugas, the
point selected for the fleet of transports
to pick up the heavier vessels of the
convoy squadron, such as the Indiana,
which has not been able to get within
ten miles of Key West because of lack
of water. The officials see no reason
to correct their original estimate that
the troops will be off Santiago Friday.
Some of the Congressional visitors at
the War Department have questioned
the officials as to the exact purpose of
the military expedition to Santiago.
The idea has got abroad that San
tiago was to be made the base of oper
ations against Havana. It is learned,
however, that the Department's plans
do not contemplate this. The sole pur
pose of landing troops at Santiago and
capturing the town is to destroy or
capture the Spanish fleet.
Therefore, it is said, that as soon as
Santiago is reduced and the Spanish
fleet disposed of the United States
troops will be dispatched to some other
point, either Porto Rico or Havana,
leaving the insurgents in Eastern Cuba
to prevent the Spaniards from re-oc
cupyfng Santiago. . If the insurgents
cannot be depended upon to do this
pome of the United States troops, per
| haps f.OOO, will be left in the vicinity of
Santiago under the protection of some
of tHe American cruisers which by that
time will have effected an entrance into
i Santiago Bay.
KINGSTON A MECCA FOR
BLOCKADE-RUNNERS
Has Become a Rendezvous for Vessels
Carrying Supplies for Span
iards in Cuba.
NEW YORK. June 15.— A special
from Kingston, Jamaica, quotes an of
ficer of the British cruiser Talbot as
: having said that supplies in small
quantities were reaching Havana
across the island from Batabano, and,
apparently, from Jamaica,
The Persima Concepcion changed on
Saturday to the English flag and com
pleted her cargo of 8000 packages of
flour, rice and corn. She will sail for
Cuba. She endeavored to obtain an
English captain. Consul Dent formal
ly protested, the ultimate destination of
the cargo being a blockaded port. He
maintained it was a direct violation of
neutrality and that the American Gov
ernment would set up this claim prob
ably with the evidence now in the pos-
Bession of the Government. The Benito
Estanger has also succeeded In chang
ing her flag and will load a cargo for
Manzanlllo.
The Spanish steamer Manuel Raoul
arrived at Montegro Bay on Friday, en
deavoring to obtain a cargo of sup
pliea for Manzanillo. A Spanish com
missariat officer was on board and
probably the supplies are destined for
the Spanish army.
Unless immediate action is taken by
the American Government, the Kings
ton dispatch says, the blockade will be
practically nullified by supplies reach
ing the blockaded towns from Jamaica.
Merchants here are looking for Span
ish purchasers at tancy prices and are
speculating heavily in foodstuffs.
Much suspicion has been aroused at
Kingston, the correspondent says, by
the character of the cargo of the City
of Kingston, which has arrived from
Nov.- York. The cargo consists of 400
cases Of pork. 125 bags n{ corn, ."7 bales
of tobacco, 1000 bags of rice, 1200 bar
rels and 1800 bags of flour. The cargo
seems much too large for a single firm
to handle in ordinary trade, and it is
believed to be destined for trans-ship
ment to Cuba for the Spanish troops.
BOTH ORDERED TO
LEAVE CANADA
Spain's Foreign Minister Instructs
Carranza and Dubosc to Re
turn to Madrid.
MADRID. June 15. »— Duke Almodovar
de Rio, Minister of Foreign Affairs, has
ordered Rehor Dubosc, former Spanish
charge d'affaires at Washington, and
Lieutenant Carranza, former Spanish
naval attache there, to leave Canada.
MONTREAL*, June 15. — Lieutenant
Carranza emphatically denies the
statement from Madrid that he and
Senor Dubosc have been directed to
leave Canada.
Eurgeon Ladd a Benedick.
STOCKTON, June 15.— Captain Ira
B. Ladd, staff surgeon of the Seventh
Regiment, California Volunteers, was
married this afternoon to Mrs. Mollie
Cross of this city. The bride accom
panied her husband to San Francisco
and will remain there until he sails
with his regiment for Manila. The
bride is a woman of wealth and the
groom a rising young physician.
Advance* made on furniture and piano*, with.
or .without removal.'. 3. Nooaan, iMjgOMjkDMloB. ■ J
-*.. — .— — r% ■;-, :■ .-■.■■■■ ■■ ■.....-., :■
THJO SA2* FRAISTCTBGO CALL, THURSDAT, JUTtfE 10, 1898.
Third Call Probably Will Be
Issued Within a Few
Days.
General Brooke Ordered to Organize an
Army for t^e In)n)ediate Inva
sion of Porto I^ico.
WASHINGTON, June 15.— The Navy Department
to-day posted the following bulletin :
"Admiral Sampson reports that he has been re
enforced by several hundred Cubans, and that our force
at Guantanamo is in a very satisfactory condition. The
town of Aserradero has been occupied by the troops
under General Rabi. The men under General Garcia
are co-operating with the American forces/
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, June 15.
General Brooke, "commanding
Fort Thomas, Chickamauga, has
been ordered to select the twelve
best drilled and equipped regi
ments encamped there for service
in Porto Rico. The War Depart
ment is awakening to the fact
that the army has some desperate
righting before it and that thous
ands of men will be needed
where it was thought hundreds
would be sufficient.
It would not be sur
prising if President Mc-
Kinley issued a third
call for troops within a
few days. In fact, Rep
resentative Hull of lowa,
chairman of the Mili
tary Affairs Committee
of the House, stated in
positive terms to-day
that the President
would soon issue a call
for 50,000 more volun
teers.
The latest plans for the expe
dition to Porto Rico contemplate
having the expedition ready for
service in two weeks, but those
who know something of army
methods say it will not be ready
in that time, as there are many
details yet to be arranged. More
transports may have to be char
tered, as it is said only eleven
steamships are now available for
this expedition. It will take prob
ably fifteen more to accommo
date the force of 20,000 men
which it is now proposed to send.
In the meantime it appears
probable that the camp at Jack
sonville will be abandoned in
favor of another point along the
coast, where the water is deeper
and which will be made the port
of departure. The departure of
SENATOR PERKINS'
SON NOMINATED
After Passing Due Examinations the
Young Man Is Chosen As
sistant Paymaster.
. "WASHINGTON, June 15.— Fred J.
Perkins of California, who was to-day
appointed an assistant paymaster In
the navy. Is a son of Senator Perkins.
The young. man is now in Washington.
In January last he took the regular
naval examination, which is as rigid
as a regular civil service examination.
Out of a class of forty he stood number
fourteen on the list. Consequently
when his name was reached in the reg
ular order he was nominated. He se
cured the position on merit after com
petitive examination, and the appoint
ment is not in any way due to Sena*
torial or other influence. Perkins is a
bright young man about 24 years of
age. ji His assignment will be given him
in a few days. *
*
GERMANY'S ATTITUDE
IN THE PHILIPPINES
The Berlin Press Asserts it Is Solely
One of Surveillance of
German Interests.
IX)NDON, June 16.— The Berlin cor
respondent of the Daily Mail says: The
Berlin press is unanimous in asserting
that Germany's attitude in the Philip
pines is solely one of surveillance of
German interests, and that ths pres
ence of the German fleet at Manila is
a guarantee that, if the Philippines are
lost to Spain, they will not come into
the possession of any single power in
terested in East Asia.
The Berliner Post eaya that It the
the Shafter force ' from Tampa
left there under General Cop
pinger a force of 15,000 men,
mostly volunteers, probably 3000
of the total strength being regu
lars. General Coppinger is said
to favor Jacksonville as a port of
departure, where General Lee
soon will be in command of 8000
men.
While Admiral Samp
son's telegram to-day
temporarily relieved the
anxiety felt for the ma
rines at Guantanamo,
it is by no means reas
suring, and, despite his
confidence that with the
re - enforcements they
will be able to maintain
their position until Gen
eral Shafter arrives,
grave fear for their
safety is yet felt.
Naval officers are inclined to
lay all the blame on the army for
its slowness, while army officers
declare that a great blunder was
committed by the naval force at
Santiago in landing a handful of
marines and exposing them to
the merciless fire of a big force of
guerrilla Spaniards.
The belief in official circles is
that some European power is
Striving covertly to incite ill will
between the United States and
Germany with a view to its com
mercial advantage. In no other
way can the State Department
explain the persistent rumors of
an intention on the part of Ger
many to interfere with the plans
of the United States regarding
the Philippine Islands,
It was said at the
State Department to
day that the United
States Government has
accepted unhesitatingly
Spanish regime comes to an end Intel
ligent and energetic half-breeds, mixed
with Chinese and Malays, will be called
upon to take part in the destiny of
their country, or to take it altogether
Into their own hands.
MYSTERIOUS MOVES
OF SPANISH CRAFT
Copyrighted, 1898, bynames Gordon Bennett.
CADIZ, June 15.— A squadron consist
ing of two Ironclads, one torpedo boat,
one cruiser and two destroyers sailed at
dawn yesterday from Cadiz, but returned
in the evening. These mysterious move
ments are doubtless Intended to mislead.
Any alleged sailing of the fleet should be
received with the greatest caution. Gen
eral Valdez has arrived with more ammu
nition Two trans-Atlantic steamers
have arrived and are being transformed
into armored cruisers. It has been de
cided to send further reinforcements to
the Balearies, Canaries and Ceuta.
There Is great excitement throughout
the country owing to the fear that the
American fleet may be coming toward
Spain.
American Consul Protests.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
GIBRALTAR, June 15.— The Spanish
steamer San Augustine of the Trans
atlantica line has arrived in ballast
from Cadiz. She is loading coal, pre
sumably for Cadiz and Camera's squad
ron. The American Consul has lodged a
protest. _
"With Dewey at Manila," and pic
tures taken from photographs of the
great naval battle, by Joseph L.
Stickney, the special war correspond
ent of The Call, who stood on the
bridge of the flagship Olympia dur
ing the fight.— ln, next Sunday's Call.
! and without question
the expression by the
German Government of
its steadfast determin
| ation to adhere strictly
jto the observance of
neutrality in the pres
ent war, and there is no
reason to look for any
1 change in the German
i policy in that respect.
Officers of the administration
regard the recent statement of
Emperor William on that subject
as final and conclusive.
War Department officials were
much pleased to-day when Gen
eral Merritt telegraphed that the
second Philippine expedition had
sailed. They say that if Manila
is not already in Admiral Dew-,
ey's possession it will be before
many days. The capture of the
other ports in the Philippine
Islands is merely a work of send
ing a vessel and taking posession.
That will be the case with the La
drone and Caroline Islands also.
As things now look all
the Spanish possessions
of the Pacific and all of
those in the West Indies,
with the exception of a
part of Cuba, will be in
the possession of the
United States within six
weeks.
Private advices received here
from trustworthy foreign sources
lead to the belief that Spain will
keep up the war as long as she
possibly can. If the United
States refuses to allow her to re
tain Porto Rico and the Philip
pine Islands there will be no
peace until it is "forced down the
throat of Spain," as a State De
partment official remarked to
day.
MANY APPLICATIONS
FOR ARMY COMMISSIONS
Ex-Congressman Caminetti and Dr.
George A. Shiels May Go to
the Philippines.
WASHINGTON, June 15.— Members
of the California delegation are fairly
besieged by applications from all parts
of California. Hundreds of telegrams
from candidates are dally received, and
the Senators and Representatives are
kept constantly running to the depart
ments in quest of office for friends.
The delegation is united in its recom
mendation of ex-Congressman Camin
etti, who is anxious to serve on the
staff of some general and accompany
the Philippine expedition. It seems al
together likely that Dr. George A.
Shiels will be appointed a surgeon to
serve on the staff of Brigadier General
H. G. Otis, in the Philippine campaign,
as he is highly recommended by the
California delegation and by the medi
cal profession and prominent citizens of
San Francisco.
Zeal of the Marietta's Men.
WASHINGTON, June 15.— Secretary
Long has .written a letter to Captain
F. M. Symonds, commanding fho gun
boat Marietta, expressing to him and
the officers and men unrter his com
mand appreciation of the department
for the zeal and spirit manifested by
thfcm In successfully bringing the Mari
etta from California to Key West.
Bead "A Busy Day With Secretary
of War Alger at the White House,"
in next Sunday's Call,
FAMINE
MENACES
SANTIAGO
Beleaguered City Cut Off
prom All Sources of
Supplies.
Spies Provide Schley Witt) a Map
Showing the Positions of
the SpaQish Warships.
OFF SANTIAGO DE CUBA, June 11,
by the Associated Press dispatch-boat
Wanda, via Kingston, Jamaica, June
12. — Rear Admiral Sampson and Com
modore Schley, with their combined
forces, are slowly but surely placing a
network about Santiago de Cuba, and
are cutting off so effectually every
source of outside aid that within a
short time starvation's tapping will
give way to death's solid knock for ad
mittance at the doors of the ill-fated
place.
Within three days three separate
sources of supply and re-enforeenient
have been cut off, and Santiago Cc
Cuba is now isolated from the world
and is down to famine rations.
When Admiral Cervera arrived at
Santiago de Cuba with his fleet, the
people there welcomed him for the ie
lief they though he would bring, but in
stead of food he brought 700 more men
RED CROSS BENEFIT.
Foresters at San Rafael to Aid in a
Good Cause.
SAN RAFAEL, Jane 15.— Next Fri
day evening Court Raphael, No. 62,
Foresters of America, will give an en
tertainment in celebration of the anni
versary of the Battle of Bunker Hill.
The price of admission will be fifty
cents and- the proceeds \\4ll be donated
to the San Rafael Red Cross Society. A
choice programme has been prepared
for the occasion, including as a leading
feature a performance by the Buena
Vista Lady Minstrels.
TULARE, June 15.— A Red Cross So
ciety of ninety members was. organ
ized here to-day. The officers are:
Mrs. Rachel Bartholomew, president;
Miss K. B. Beckwith, vice president;
Mrs. Nettie Erwin, secretary; Mrs.
Alice Ralliffe, treasurer; Mrs. Joseph
ine Ham, Mrs. Agnes Nicewonger and
Miss Ida Downing, executive commit
tee.
PUT SUN, June 15.— Suisun has a
flourishing Red Cross Society with a
membership which has increased in
two weeks from 40 to 70. The officers
are: Honorary president, Mrs. Mary
F. Hilborn; president, Mrs. A. J. Buck
les; vice president. Mrs. Lena Dinkel
spiel; treasurer, Mrs. B, Dent Naylor;
secretary and assistant, Mrs. W. H.
Bryan and Miss Ella Conn; corre
spondent, Mrs. Belle Abernethy. The
headquarters are crowded with patri
otic workers, who are contributing
their share toward the relief of the
soldiers. They have already sent to the
headquarters at San Francisco large
consignments of wearing apparel and
provisions, and the cash receipts to
date amount to $118 40. A benefit en
tertainment will be given on June 22.
The ladies of Scandia— about four miles
east of Suisun— will give a benefit en
tertainment some time this month.
SANTA CRUZ. June 15.— The Red
Cross Society to-day presented 100
bouquets to the soldiers of Camp Mer
riam at the powder works. The sol
diers are allowed to leave camp only
during the afternoon. Scouting par
ties are sent out daily to become fa
miliar with roads leading to the powder
works The Native Daughters to-day
sent three boxes of magazines to the
soldiers in San Francisco.
READY TO BACK UP
BROTHER JONATHAN
London Journals Declare That John
Bull Will Check the
Germans.
LONDON, June 16.— Germany's atti
tude at Manila is regarded as the most
interesting phase of the war for the
moment. The Daily Mail Sftys editori
ally: "We do not quite believe the
rumors of proposed seizures by Ger
many in the Philippines and for one
very good reason — England would have
to be reckoned with. John Bull will
back up Brother Jonathan if any at
■^ .' ■} ; ADVERTISEMENTS.
hS+H+B+B+E+B+H+B+H+B+B+K+B+B+B-«-BS+a+B+M+B+B
A BflctorJestiSes.
p^^Tr^ More and More Evidence That
®^^ a «aa3^*^^i-«2* Dr> Sanden's Electric Belt
Is a Grand_ Remedy.
' WTien a doctor recommends anything
1 * / outside of his own line it can be taken
,-Sji'S. . ' . .for granted that he has had very strong
Sf.\t- ■ ' proof of the value of that article.
jS'-\r Doctors donjt favor Dr. Sanden's Elec- •
"S^irji' trie Belt because most of them have
<% -~** • never taken the trouble to investi-
gate it.
A DOCTOR'S TESTIMONIAL.
"I have delayed until now acknowledging receipt of the Belt for which I sent. in
order to be able "to report results. I. am most happy, now, to state _ that my patient
•is more than satisfied with his investment. His lumbago and sciatica have entirely
disappeared, and he says he feels 'like a two-year-old. 1 I shall protTably have occa-
sion to order several others in future, and am glad to; know -of so trustvorthy an
artlcl^"-^rlterj::W.-;.Walker.- ; M.p.!ibox.373 t Los Gatos, Cal.. June 9, 1898...
READ DR. SANDEN'S BOOK.
•■- Thousands who are now . wasting health and ' money In drugs would try Dr. San-
den's Electric Belt if they would investigate the crand work it is doing... Book
about it, with, price list, iree upon application. \
DR. A. T. SANDEN, * NOT GRU6 stores: '
702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Franoigoo. ; - ; 1^-
Offlca hours BA. M. to 8 P. M. ; Sundays. . , Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 204 V4 \ Is never sold in drug stores
I South Broadway; Portland. Or., 253.Washing- nor by traveling, agents. .
ton street; Denver. Col.. 931 Sixteenth street; . T r . Dy tra s . • .
Dallas. Tex., 255 Main street. ; v * — ~^~~~~~~' ~"^ .'-■ .'-^^
to feed. The only aid he had to ctfep
was the tons of ammunition '.n his
ships' magazines.
A map of the harbor supplied to-day
by spies shows that after the bombard
ment of the harbor forts by Commo
dore Schley on May 31, the Spanish
cruiser Reina Mercedes, which was dis
abled, was towed Into the bay behind
the Socupa battery, where she lies with
two torpedo-boats. Half a mile far
ther up, under the lee of Cayo Smith
and the mortar batteries, is the Viz
caya, commanding with her broadside
the two narrow entrances to the east
and west of Cayo Smith. Half a mile
north, and at the gate of the third nar
row entrance lies the Almirante
Oquendo, and half a mile to the north
east are the Cristobal Colon and the
Maria Teresa.
The ships are about a mile and a half
from the city proper, shallow water for
bidding them to go much closer. The
sunken collier Merrimac i» directly in
the narrow part of the channel.
tempt is made to defraud him of his
rights."
The Daily Mall says: "If a new Eu
ropean concert is hatched up against
the United States we must not' delay
to declare ourselves on the side of
America. It is to be hoped that, if
Germany attempts a demonstration at
Manila, the British admiral will be on
hand with one or two of his fine ships
to make the demonstration nugatory
and ridiculous."
Germany, the Daily Mail suggests,
probably has designs on the Sulu Isl
ands, which she vainly attempted to
acquire in 1885.
The Daily Chronicle, referring to the
report that the United States will send
a fleet against Cadiz and Barcelona,
says: "That could not fail to ex
cite European sensibilities, which the
United States would do better to let
sleep. It will be time enough to think
at anything of that kind when Santiago
de Cuba and San Juan de Porto Rico
have fallen."
SAMPSON'S SHIPS WILL
BOMBARD GUANTANAMO
Navy Department Hourly Expecting
News That the City Has
Been Shelled.
NEW YORK, June 15.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
The authorities are hourly expecting a
dispatch from Rear-Admiral Sampson
announcing the shelling of Guanta
namo. This expectation is due to a
report which has reached them that
the channel has been dredged to locate
or countermine any mines that may
have been planted there, and the ab
sence of these explosives has led the
officials to believe there will be no de
lay in destroying the Spanish base of
supplies. Its destruction will make
more difficult the operations of the
Spaniards against the American force
and cause them to- stay nearer Santiago
de Cuba.
In official circles the opinion Is ex
pressed that the force of Santiago has
been drawn upon to drive the American
marines from Cuban sftil, on account of
the belief of the Spaniards that the
object of the "^ar-admiral In taking
possession of that point was to estab
lish a landing place for the army now
on the way.
The authorities have reason to be
lieve the Spaniards of Santiago have
been re-enforced by troops from th«
adjoining province, and they believe,
the American army will find it has a
harder nut to crack than would have
been the case had it reached Cuba Im
mediately after it was definitely known
that Cervera's fleet was locked up In
Santiago.
Carries a Big War Appropriation.
WASIIINGTON, June 15.— The general
deficiency bill carrying an aggregute of
$224,032,323 was reported to the House to
day by the Committee on Appropriations.
All but $18,205,026 is for war expenses, and
$8,C70,527 of the ordinary deficiencies axe
for pensions.
56
THURSDAY JUNE 16, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKE.LS, Proprietor-
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third SU.. S. f.
Telephone Main 1868.
(EDITORIAL R00M5..... 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE 6AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) I*
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 ceVits a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents. ______
THE WEEKLY CALL One ye«r. by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE _. »08 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Bulldloft
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rl*Ae> Bone*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 287 Hayes street, eoen until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 A\arket
street, cocner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia—" Number Nine "
Baldwin-" The Passion Play." -.
Aieazar— Celebrated Case
Morosco's— "Under the Polar Star."
Tlvoli— "An American Hero."
l.cum — Vauueville.
. Mechanics' Pavilion— Reception to the First Minnesota
Regiment, Friday night.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 613-pound Man
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
fcutro Baths — bwlmminj,
El Campo— Music, dancing, boatlnr. fishlncr, every Sunday,
Excursion to Los Gatos— Friday, June IT.
Excursion to the S.inta Cruz mountains— Saturday, June IS.
AUCTION SALES.'
By Sullivan & Doyit— This day, June 16, Horses, etc., at 220
Valencia street, at 11 o'clock.
By P. J. Barth— This day, June 16, Furniture, at 4U Mc-
AUlster Ptreet. at 11 o'olcclc.
HOBSON'S CHOICE.
SECRETARY LONG has formally and substan
tially recognized and honored the gallantry of
the men who, under command of Naval Con
structor Hobson, sunk the Merrimac in the mouth
oi the harbor at Santiago. No action, however, has
been taken with respect to Hobson himself, for the
assigned reason that the department has not yet had
an opportunity of communicating with him to learn
what he desires.
Under ordinary circumstances a government would
not have to ask an officer who had distinguished
himself for eminent service in battle what form of
honor he would accept* Dewey was not asked
whether he would like promotion to fne rank of rear
admiral. Nor were any of his captains asked
whether they would like advancement on the roll of
those who are to be promoted next The difference
in Hobson's case is due to the peculiar system of the
naval se-vice. Hobson is not a line officer. He
is not a naval fighter, but a naval constructor. There
fore he is not in line of promotion. He cannot be
advanced until he has been consulted and it has been
found out where he wishes to go.
The question moreover may not be an easy one for
the hero himself to determine. The "Hobson's
choice" of the old proverb was no choice at all, and
therefore not a mattet for consideration or debate.
The new Hobson's choice, however, is going to be
quite a perplexing affair, if Congress does not enact
the navy personnel bill before he is called upon to
make it.
Two courses are open to Hobson, but each is be
pet with drawbacks. He can accept promotion in
his present line of work to the position of naval con
ftructor, but to do so would be to set back his com
rades in the service, for in a corps where the num
bers are so few and promotion so slow the advance
ment of one out of turn pushes others down the list
and works a serious hardship for them. Moreover
the construction corps does not offer a very brilliant
future for the hero, even if he accepts promotion in
it at the expense of his comrades.
The other course open to him is to leave the staff
and become a line officer. This would mean the
abandonment of the department of work which he
has chosen and for which he is so well fitted. It
would also be a surrender in some respects of the
claims for which the staff has been fighting for years.
Hobson is now in a- position where he can compel
public attention to the evil and unfairness of the ex
isting system of officering the navy. When it is
feen that a brave and gallant officer who has rendered
an important and daring service to his country can
not be suitably promoted or rewarded without re
quiring him to leave the work for which he is best
suited and undertake some other, it will be every
where admitted it is time for a change.
Hobson, being confined in Morro at the mouth of
Santiago Bay, and retired from war's alarms, has am
ple time to meditate upon the choice before him.
Meantime Congress should not waste time in medi
tation. The enactment of the navy personnel bill
will determine Hobson's choice simply and satisfac
torily. There should be no longer any discrimina
tion against the engineer branch of the naval service.
Hobson is as good a fighter as any man in the line,
not excepting Fighting Bob Evans, and deserves as
good a chance to command a ship or a fleet.
A city paper states a Cabinet officer to have de
clared that any interference on the part of Germany
would mean war. Probably such would be the re
sult, but probably no Cabinet officer said so. The
gentlemen who officially advise Mr. McKinley may
have faults, but they do not pour the secrets of their
souls into the listening and ample ear of the yellow
journalist.
If there existed the slightest necessity for a private
concern to solicit money on behalf of the public loan
the act would be patriotic. As no such necessity
exists, and as the act of drumming up customers re
flects on the dignity and standing of the Government,
the act is something else. It might, for instance, be
termed a cheap way for yellow journalism to adver
tise itself.
An evening paper is authority for the statement
that Santiago is on short rations and that "starva
tion will soon be tapping for admittance." Starva
tion does not tap for admittance. It enters without
knocking, and does its knocking later.
Proprietors of nickel-in-the-slot machines assert
that they have been robbed. If this Is a bid for sym
pathy, it will be ineffectual. On the contrary, the
public desiring to be polite will be forced to say, "Ex
cuse us while we smile."
It is believed that Count Castellane's recent duel
was the cheapest form of amusement in which he has
indulged since marrying into an American bank ac
count
THE GEARY-STREET FRANCHISE.
IN its eagerness to be restored to the Southern Pa
cific pay roll as a regular stipendiary the
Third street Boodler (late of Mission street)
throws sense, reason, veracity and the amenities of
journalistic debate to the winds. We do not com
plain of this, for probably the. necessities of the
Boodler are pressing and must soon be satisfied.
That sheet cannot continue to increase its circulation
at the Potrero Garbage Crematory without outside
assistance, and its attempts to again break into the
treasury of the railroad monopoly via tlie Geary street
franchise may be and probably are justified by its
financial condition.
But when the yellow boodler debates the renewal
of the Geary street franchise on its merits it ought, for
the benefit of the few sanr readers it has left, to
stick to reason and facts. It accuses The Call of a
desire to aid the Market Street Company in getting
another franchise on Geary street, and attributes to
us corrupt motives, thus entirely missing the point
of our remarks and misapprehending their purpose.
But this is not at all surprising. Since the Bood
ler's circulation became so extensive at the Gar
bage Crematory the sheet has manifested many signs
of paresis. That its understanding is growing weak
and its powers of expression muddled has long been
apparent to observing people.
The purpose of our remarks anent the Geary stfeet
franchise was benevolent. They were intended to
show the Boodler that its efforts to break into
the Southern Pacific treasury via Geary street are
vain, for the reason that the present owners of the
franchise on that thoroughfare need only to surrender
in order to make a renewal perfectly legal. The
Boodler admits this and yet- it persists in its
"fight" to preserve the Geary street franchise for the
people. As a matter of fact, the Boodler does
not want to preserve this franchise for the people or
anybody else. What it wants is to make the Geary
Street Company so much trouble that it will restore
it to the pay roll — purchase its silence, as was done
in the other case, at the exorbitant rate of $1000 a
month.
In making a disturbance over the Geary street
franchise the Boodler is simply barking up a tree
in which there is no game. All the railroad monop
oly need do is to surrender its present privilege and
ask for a new one. In this way it could bring on a
legal sale, and, as it is in a position to bid more than
any other corporation, it would naturally get away
with the plunder. This surrender might be made
to take effect a year hence, and if anything went
wrong it could, with the consent of the Supervisors,
be withdrawn. In other words, the Geary Street
Company is master of the situation and the Boodler
is shut out.
It pains us to think that the Boodler should
misapprehend our benevolent motives in this mat
ter. Still, any person deterred from well doing by
ingratitude has not the genuine divine spirit in him.
So we take pleasure again in advising the Bood
ler to confine its attention to the Railroad Commis
sion.. That body is friendly. That was sufficiently
shown by the fact that it refused to investigate the
$30,000 "advertising" contract. If there is any
chance to disturb the Southern Pacific the commis
sion will discover it and the Boodler can then
sell its silence for a good round sum.
A NEEDED SUPERVISION.
BY the adoption of a resolution requesting our
delegation at Washington to urge Congress to
enact such laws as will give the proper United
States officers full control of all sailing vessels carry
ing passengers out of our ports, the Chamber of Com
merce has aligned itself on the side of a much needed
reform in our maritime regulations.
The object of the proposed Federal supervision is
to protect sea voyagers in sailing vessels against the
danger of being betrayed into emiferking upon craft
so unseaworthy as to be but little more than death
traps. It appears that at the present time there is
no law, either State or National, designed to provide
such protection. Any kind of an old hulk can be
patched and painted up so as to deceive the unwary
and sent out upon the ocean to the imminent danger
of all on board, but with utter impunity to the men
whose unscrupulous greed is responsible for the
fraud.
We have had many fearful illustrations of the ur
gent need of some supervision over all sailing vessels
that leave our ports. The Chamber of Commerce
in their resolutions name two of them of recent oc
currence: The wrecks of the Helen W. Almy and
the Jane Gray. More. might have been added to the
list, but these two are enough. It should not re
quire a multitude of such dreadful and unnecessary
disasters to convince Congress of the imperative need
ot legislation to guard against them.
While the cause in which the Chamber of Com
merce has directed the attention of our Representa
tives and Senators in Congress is a good one, it will
not be easily won. To bring about in Great Britain
a supervision similar to that asked for from our Gov
ernment required the most tireless and unflagging
work of one of the most earnest and noted reformers
of our time, Mr. Plimsoll. We are not likely to find
in Congress a man to do the work which he did in
Parliament, for he devoted himself to that object
solely, regardless of all other political affairs.
As we are not to have such a zealot to make the
fight at Washington, we must make up for the lack
by greater zeal among the people. Every associa
tion, and, indeed, every individual, who aids the cam
paign of education on the subject will be hailed as
a welcome ally. The Chamber of Commerce having
engaged in the movement should now maintain it
with unceasing energy. Worthless hulks and
painted death traps should no longer be permitted to
sail out of an American port to carry crews and pas
sengers to ocean graves.
WHAT NEXT?
THE various arguments accompanying the re
ports of the Committees on Foreign Affairs, in
Congress, and the message of the President, put
the war with Spain on humanitarian grounds, en
tirely. In no sentence nor phrase is there a sug
gestion of territorial aggrandizement, annexation, or
abandonment of the Monroe doctrine and our tradi
tional policy.
It is true that Morgan of Alabama, Money of Mis
sissippi, Foraker and a few others, for motives per
sonal or political, have made a show of hands in
favor of conquest and colonization. But the matter
has not been discussed broadly or put before the
.country. That we can strip Spain of all her external
possessions is a fact. But we can keep them only
by the strong hand with which we take them. We
must immediately prepare to support a standing army
of not less than 200,000 men and a navy equal to the
united fleets of Continental Europe. These colonies
which we wrest from the feeble hand of Spain have
in the aggregate* nearly 20.000.000 of people, who are
alien to us in blood and language. They cannot as
similate with us. Their location is tropical and
our race cannot 7**>»Mt in the tropics. These col
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 16, 1898.
onies cannot be admitted to our body politic, and
their pebple cannot become our fellow citizens. In
the Philippines are three millions of Chinese and
seven millions of mongrel Asiatics, unfit for self
government. Their scoundrelly leader, Aguinaldo,
sold himself once to Spain for $800,000, and now de
sires us to aid in setting him up as dictator of the
Philippines. .
All of these island mongrels and bandits from the
Philippines to the Canaries must be held in subjec
tion, under military domination, if this is a war of
conquest, as the shipping of these great armies of
occupation would indicate. The increase in our mil
itary and naval strength necessary to hold them
against their own will and against the world will mul
tiply the cost of our Federal Government by three.
These countries are all Catholic, and have been
guarded by Spain against religious interference by
other sects. As our colonies, the Protestant mis
sionary will follow the army. Parson and priest will
compete for the soul-saving monopoly under the
stars and stripes. This will supply spark and tinder
for constant conflagration and interference by the
state with the church. '.
It is said now that in addition to these colonies we
must demand a war indemnity of $500,000,000.
Whether history can commend us for beginning an
altruistic and humane war and taking the cost out of
another people is for history to settle.
A strong party is rising in. favor of conquest and
colonization and indemnity.
But there runs through the country the whisper of
a still, small voice. May be it Is the expression of
the. American conscience, which declares that the
United States cannot be so greatened by conquest
nor by imperial colonies, as by saying at the end as
we said in t-he beginning that we made war for hu
manity, in a spirit of self-sacrifice, and when it is
over, beyond the cession of some coaling stations, we
will pay the bill and come home.
A FOOLISH DOCUMENT.
r\ SHORT time ago the directors of the Oakland
/ \ Board of Trade, being moved thereto by
causes unknown, took it upon themselves to
urge Congress to annex the Hawaiian Islands. Not
content with a simple resolution in favor of annexa
tion the inconsiderate directors undertook to furnish
an argument for it. The result was a blunder, dis
playing such ignorance as will convince Congress
that what the Oakland Board of Trade does not know
about commercial routes would fill a book.
Our readers will learn with surprise that the Oak
land men actually urged annexation on the ground
that the islands are needed as a coaling station, be
cause of their proximity to the nearest route to the
Philippines. Lest we may be suspected of misrep
resentation we quote the language of the resolution
on that point. It runs thus:
"Through its central location. North and South
Hawaii lies on the most direct and safest route of
travel between our shores and other countries of the
East, the distance between Manila and San Fran
cisco via Honolulu being approximately iooo miles
shorter than by Unalaska, the only other obtainable
coaling station, which lies away to the north and out
of direct lines of travel."
The directors, having thus made themselves con
spicuous before Congress as advocates of annexa
tion, have doubtless felt enough interest in the sub
ject to read the debates on it. If so, the speech of
Congressman Grosvenor, reported yesterday, must
have awakened in them what are known as "conflict
ing emotions." Grosvenor is the foremost champion
of annexation in the House, and hii speech in some
respects must have been pleasing to them. It must
have been with pain, however, they read that portion
of his argument in which he not only conceded that
"Unalaska, on the Aleutians, now an American pos
session, is 800 miles shorter than the Honolulu route,"
but quoted Commodore Melville to confirm the
fact.
Mr. Grosvenor's argument was quite different from
that of the directors of the Oakland Board of Trade.
Perhaps on the whole it was not more valid, but that
is another question. The point at issue is that cer
tain men, posing as the representatives of the trade
and commerce of Oakland, have sent to Congress a
set of resolutions which show a complete ignorance
of the routes of commerce across the Pacific. The
effect of the resolution will be to discredit Califor
nian commercial bodies in the eyes of Eastern men.
It will be said that if our boards of trade do not know
the comparative merits of various routes for steamers
across the North Pacific, into wliich our port.; open
and along which so much of our foreign • trade is
carried, we are hardly capable of talking intelligently
of commerce much less of carrying it on.
The next time the directors of the Oakland board
undertake to instruct Congress they should first
learn the facts of the subject they propose to deal
with. They will then not have to submit to the mor
tification of having their arguments refuted in Con
gress by the very men they were fondly designed to
help.
THE AUSTRALIAN SENATE.
1 \UBLIC dissatisfaction with the present method
L_y of selecting Senators in the United States as
disclosed by the recent overwhelming vote in
the House of Representatives in favor of their elec
tion by direct vote of the people renders interesting
the plan proposed for that purpose in the constitu
tion recently drawn up for the federation of the Aus
tralian colonies. The plan moreover Is worthy of no
little study and consideration as the latest expression
of Anglo-Saxon sentiment on the subject of the com
position of an upper legislative chamber.
While united Australia, like our own union, is to
be made up of several States, and the Senators are to
be chosen like ours to represent those States, they are
not to be elected by the State Parliaments or Legisla
tures, but by thcpeople. Each original State in the
commonwealth is to have six Senators, and new
States are to have such a number as Parliament
grants at the time of their admission. Senators are to
hold office for. six years, and as they are to be divided
into two classes three from each State will be elected
every third year.
Each elector is to be allowed to vote for but one
Senator, so that minorities will have a chance to ob
tain representation in the Senate whenever they con
trol suffrages enough to poll a vote sufficient to make
their candidate third on the list when the ballots are
counted. Thus the Australian system not only pro
vides for election by direct vote of the people, but
gives minority representation as well, and therefore
differs from our method in two important particulars.
There is no doubt, apparently, that Cervera's ships
are all at Santiago, and that some of them will soon
shift their positions from the top to the bottom of
the bay.
In refusing to give up Hobson, Blanco is creating
more trouble for himself than he really seems to
need.
American soldiers are on their way to Cuba, and
somebody ought to tell that to the majines.
EDUCATING A
TORPEDO
I WAS shipmate with the Howell torpedo before it had grown to the full
fledged destroying proportions of the present day. As it was then a small,
harmless and imperfect piece of mechanism, I cultivated its acquaintance
•without fear and trembling and even grew to treat it with considerable
familiarity, if not with absolute indifference.
This was on board the United States steamer Adams, then stationed on
the western coast of South America, when Commodore Howell— then captain
was in command of that vessel, and I was his clerk, or writer, as that very
useful though humble personage is called in the navy. The
regulation place of my office was down on the berthdeck,
but owing to the exceptional kindliness of Captain Howell
I managed to move all my books and papers into his after
cabin, where I did a little work and much loafing on the
sofas, easy chairs and other comfortable furniture of that
apartment. I can even now see the tall,- fine-looking officer
walking fore and aft through the cabin dictating. a letter
to the department, his hands clasped behind his back, his
mind half on his invention and half on the communication
destined for Washington. He was a very religious man \
and as our ship was not large enough, or, In naval lingo, did ;
not "carry enough guns" to rate a chaplain Captain Howell
would hold divine service himself every Sunday. "We had
a church choir, led by Johnson, the bugler, a mighty man
of swear words on board and whisky drinking on shore.
When Johnson was sleeping off a wild and woolly "liberty" j
spree down on the berthdeck the marine firer would lead !
A TUBBED TOBPEDO.
the choir. He diun t like the job and used to grumble for
ward about not shipping for "sky work," but knowing that
tne choir stood well with the commander-chaplain on the
shore-leave question he sacrificed % his feelings and would
shrill his pipe to heaven in unison* with our vocal chords.
One Sunday morning the solemnity of the occasion was
wrecked by the appearance of Johnson on the quarterdeck
with his cornet in his hand, a "beautiful" black eye adorn
ing the starboard side of his figurehead and insisting that
the singers should tackle "Pull for the Shore, Sailor," and
no other piece. The earthly sentiment of the song appealed
to him as he wanted another drink with all his soul, but
the peculiar trend of his musical desires pulled him into the
"brig." When he was released from confinement, sober and
penitent, he swore off and took the pledge, all of which
vows he faithfully kept until he went on liberty again. Our
singing became a sort of sacred jcla among the scoffers
forward, but we were solid with the chaplain and that
meant many privileges to which they were not eligible. But
I started in tt> tell about the education of that torpedo.
Captain Howell passed much of his time in the "bath '
room of the aftercabin, from which little apartment I could
hear him talking to himself. Often in moments of ab
straction he would talk through the open door to me. From
the intelligence shown in my replies I might have been in
abstraction also. He was working over a model of his tor
pedo and his conversation was mere thinking "out loud."
He would grow tired of talking to the little machine and
for a change would "think out loud" to me.
Occasionally he would call me from my desk to the bath
room door and I would find him leaning over the tub with
his arms thrust deeply down in the water monkeying with
the model. In his preoccupation he had forgotten to roll up
his sleeves or even remove his coat or cuffs. Consequently
he would be dripping wet from neck to knees. The affair
was about the size of a full-grown salmon and resembled
that fish to a great extent and when its clockwork was
OLD SALT AMUSED.
wound up it would slash and splash around in the tub not
unlike the struggles of that creature. During his handling
of the frantic thing the captain would explain in detail the.
peculiar way«ln which it was destined to shoot ahead on its
deadly submarine mission. As I didn't understand one jot
or tittle of the matter my observations were about as wise
as the creaking: of a topsail sheet block. But the inventor,
wrapped in the maneuvers of his model, failed to weigh my
words or even hear them. Possibly our discussions were
highly entertaining to each other and may be in some way
he drew inspiration from my answers.
After the torpedo had grown to more completeness, and
consequently out of the bath tub, he would give it an outing,
or rather inning, on the bay. The steam launch would be
called away and a bit of shallow water selected for the sea
trials. Many little mishaps occurred during those torpedo
testa that summer very amusing to the launch's crew and
very expensive to the captain.
In its divings below the surface it would occasionally
fail to come up again, and Sherman— Sherman was the
skipper's chief assistant and torpedo expert in these trials
would be sent in pursuit. He was a leather-hued man from the land of the
kanaka, and was more at home in the water than was the torpedo. Sherman
would follow i,t overboard like a brown seal and would convoy it along quite
fraternally. Whenever it settled down in the mud to rest he would haul it
up to action again. I believe that torpedo fairly hated Sherman and not
only tried to break off the aquatic association with him by hiding away in
the darkest and deepest places of the bay, but it even tried to do him an
injury. Of course it was only a pqwderless model and an earnest of »'.anger
to come, but it had a sharp nose which it used on Sherman's naked body
several times. One day in particular, while on its under-surface flight with
Sherman swimming some distance in its wake, the rudder got flung hard-a
port by the dash of a wave and the torpedo took a short circle, coming back
toward Sherman. He was paddling leisurely along watching for the bubbles
ahead, which, arising from the machine, would indicate its whereabouts,
when, smash: came a sharp point in his starboard ribs. That malicious
miniature torpedo had stolen a march on him and had rammed him with all
its small strength.
Sherman, thinking that a swordflsh had struck him and that he had been
stabbed to death, was almost paralyzed with terror. He floundered around
and kicked the torpedo away from him, which, still being pointed in his
direction with its tiny propeller buzzing busily away, returned to the attack
jammng its nose into the pit of his stomach.
Then Sherman found his voice and the use of his strong limbs and yell
ing like a mad man for help he dug out for the steam launch as fast as* his
sweeping arms and kicking legs could drive him. He wae hauled aboard the
boat, bleeding from several vicious scratches, half dead with fright, while the
torpedo arose to the surface, as if looking around for more kanakas to lick
in fair, open fight.
It was some time before Captain Howell could persuade Sherman to take
another swim with that torpedo, and only by convincing the timid islander
that it was a swordfish and not the machine that had assaulted him could
he be induced to take part in any more torpedo trial trips. But the tempta
tion of five dollar gold pieces, which the captain was liberal with, made Sher
man willing to dare the monsters of the deep and he passed the summer
herding that torpedo at sea and drinking whisky on shore. When Sherman
was too drunk foe deep-sea diving the captain used the bath tub.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
Charles E. Clapp of Omaha, Neb., is at
the Occidental.
V. S. McClatchy of the Sacramento Bee
Is at the California.
Robert Thlele of Los Angeles Is regis
tered at the California.
J. C. Snook of Nagaunee, Mich., regis
tered at the Occidental yesterday after
noon.
J. M. Studebaker, the carriaga manu
facturer of South Bend, Ind., is staying
at the Palace.
H. M. Gorham, a prominent mining man
of Gold Hill, Nev., Is at the Palace with
his wife and son.
J. C. Campbell, a well known mining
man of Marysville, Cal., is one of the ar
rivals at the Grand.
Lorin Farr, ex-mayor of Ogden, Utah, Is
out here on a pleasure trip and will make
the Lick hia headquarters.
Captain Ladd and wife of Stockton and
Sheriff Milton Besse of Santa Cruz are
among the guests at the Grand.
s' B. U. Steinman, ex-mayor of Sacramen
to, is at the Palace, accompanied by his
daughter, Miss Ettle D. Steinman.
L. Katz, a merchant of Sutter Creek,
and Rev. Father P. F. Brady of Hanford
are among the guests at the Grand.
Robert Forbes of Coulterville, John
Swctt of Martinez, and B. L. Bartlett of
Los Gatos are registered at the Lick.
S. G. Murphy, president of the First
National Gold Bank, has returned to
the Palace with his wife and daughter
after a month's visit to the health re
sorts. • "
Dr. W. B. Rodgers of Watsonville. B.
L. Hess of Brockton, Mass.. Ernest Wey
and of Colusa and Dr. D. E. Osborne of
St. Helena are registered at the Occi
dental.
iiajor T. D. Keleher, paymaster of the
United States army, is registered from
Washington, D. C, at the Russ. Accom
panying him are his son, j~. H. Keleher,
and his nephew, R. C. Baldwin of Omaha,
Nebr.
William O. Beazley and George H. Ben
nett, both members of Parliament, and
H. Flynn, a large importer, all of Mcl
BY
TOM.GREGORY.
FAITHFUL SHERMAN.
A REAL SHARP POINT. '
bourne, Australia, are at the Russ, hav
ing just returned from a visit to London
England.
Dan Harris and wife of Stockton, Rail
road Commissioner W. R. Clark and W
A. Caswell, a merchant of Sacramento
are at the Baldwin.
Edgar Bruce, the proprietor of five
theaters in London, and his wife, who are
making a tour of the world, are guests
at the Palace. Mr. Bruce has just lately
finished the construction of the Prince of
Wales Theater, one of the finest play
houses In England. He has brought more
artists out than any other theatrical man
ager Hying,- and has managed Beerbohm
Tree. Jenny Lee and a host of other
celebrities. H. R. Coombs, who accom
£™£h h f m V>, ls "> ana of the Manila
branch of the Hongkong and Shanghai
Bank. He is on a two years 1 leave of ab
sence, one of which has elapsed .
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, June 14.-A. L. Eastland
of fean Francisco is at the Manhattan-
Ralph Rosenthal of San Francisco Is at
the Vendome.
A FEW CENTER SHOTS.
Willie— Pa why is it that every man
who succeeds at anything advises evVry"
body else not to try it?
ct?iV^ Tha V t? fu 01 l !y a roundabout demon
stration of the fact that everybody thinks
he s the smartest fellow on earth.
C fl~^if<J !> now th , at >' ou>re married,
Qo you find lira a grand, sweet song?
Benedict— Oh, no! The first thing I did
■ aiter we got back from our wedding trip
was to hide my wife's music.
''No. I never read wax news at home." •
A\ hy not?"
"My wife is one of the most curious
persons in the world and would be sure
to ask me to explain the meaning of bar
bettes, machine guns and the other tech
nical terms they sprinkle through the-ac
counts. I /want her to keep on thinking
I know all about it."
Alderman A-They say Spain's treasury
is absolutely empty.
Alderman B— That must be a mistake.
The office-holders are still doing their
best to hang on.
Brown— Ah, old man, it must be great
to be loved as you are loved. I met your
wife this afternoon and she told me that
if you went to war it would kill her.
Smith— Say. Where's the recruiting of-
ANSWEBS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
juHN P. IRISH-M. J.. City. When
John P. Irish goes to Washington. DC.,
ne is as free from a necktie as he is in,
San Francisco.
AN ADDRESS-A. C. * Marshall, Cal.
The address of the Whitaker-Ray Com
pany is 723 Market street, San Francisco,
Cal.
KING ALFONSO-TV. J. D.. Oakland,
Cal. Alfonso XII of Spain, father of the
present boy King, died at El Prado, near
Madrid, November 20, 18&.
DOVE ANE* DEEB-W. r X.. city.
The dove season is open from July » ana
February 14. The deer season is open
from July 16 to October 14.
POLL TAX-S., City. The fact that a
man is a member of the.. National Guard
of the State of California does not ex
empt him from payment of poll tax unless
he is 60 years of age.
COMBINATION-J. E. 8.. Hopland.
Cal. The proposition as set forth in your
communication in relation to a combina
tion on horses is not sufficiently clear to
enable one to give an answer.
PATENT— H. L., C.ty. I' is unlawful
for any one to stamp an article "patent
ed" or J'patent applied for 1 ' unless a
patent has been properly applied for, or
a patent has been granted. There is a
severe penalty for such false representa
tion.
BATTLESHIPS— S. A. M., City. It !9
generally conceded that the United States
battleship lowa is superior to the Oregon,
Massachusetts or Indiana, She is longer,
wider and has a greater coal capacity
than the others, and her speed is greater
than that of the others named.
MORRO CASTLE— I*. E. L., City. Mor
ro, as applied to' the castle at Santiago de
Cuba, which, by the way, is Castillo <le
Morro, incorrectly written Moro, means
Castle of the Promontory. The Spanish
word morro is used to signify a promon
tory, anything that is round, also a
prominent overhanging lip.
DUCK TROUSERS- A. S. O. A. S.,
Woodland, Cal. A man who wears white
duck trousers to church, wears such with
a Prince Albert coat, or wears them at
an evening party, is exceedingly eccen
tric or is pcs^-ssed of only that one
pair. He certainly is not fashionable.
ECZEMA— W. E. A., City. As this de
partment does not advertise any individ
ual or firm and does not advertise any
medicine that is "a positive cure for ec
zema' or any other disease, it cannot
give you the information you ask for.
You should consult some first-class phy
sician.
TERRITORIES —C. S. A., Ocean
View. The Territories of the United
States at this time are New Mexico, or
ganized September 9. 1850; Arizona, Feb
ruary 24, 1863; Indian, June 30, 1834; Dis
trict of Columbia, July 16. 1790, and reor
ganized March 3, 1791; Alaska, July 27,
1868, and Oklahoma, May 2. 1890. In the
Union there are thirteen original States,
and since March 4, 1791, thirty-two States
have been added.
THE UNION PACIFIC— Reader, Clo
verdale, Cal. The Union Pacific Railroad
Company was sold November 1, 1897, in
Omaha, ta a syndicate, the only bidder,
for $53,528,532 7fi. This was $29,883,288 87 for
the property and $13,645,250 89 for bonds
held in the sinking fund. The fund also
held $4.036. 40S in cash, which reverted to
the Government. The total debt to the
Government was $58,448.92$ 61. The credit
of the railroad company with the Govern
ment was $18,505,040 74.
MAIL TO MANILA— I* G. C, City. You
are at liberty to send letters, papers,
magazines and books to any of the Cali
fornia volunteers or any of the soldiers
who sailed from here on the City of
Peking- for the Philippines. Direct matter
plainly to the Individual, letter of the
company to which he belongs, the regi
ment and "Manila, Philippine Islands,"
and deposit the same prepaid. The Post
office Department will forward the same
to destination.
CIVIL WAR SOLDIERS — T. R. M.,
City. Owing to the incompleteness of the
records of the mustering officers during
the war of the rebellion there never has
been a correct record of the nationality
of the men who served in the Union army.
The figures that are given are only aver
ages based on the returns that were cor
rectly made up. These averages credit
soldiers of German birth with 176,000 or
8.76 per cent of the whole number of en
listed and soldiers of Irish birth with 144,
200 or 7.14 per cent;
HOMES FOR OLD PEOPLE — A. 'R.,
City. In this city there is the Old Peo
ple's Home at Pine and Pierce streets.
Old Ladies' Home on Rincon place, near
First and Harrison streets; Protesant
Episcopal Old Ladies' Home on Golden
Gate avenue, between Lott street and
Masonic avenue; Lick Old Ladies' Home
on Mound University Tract and the Home
of the King's Daughters on Francisco
street, near Powell. Address a commu
nication to the superintendent of each of
these institutions for terms.
Genuine eyeglasses. sr/tvs. 15 to 40c. 65 4th.*
Treat your Eastern friends to California
Glace Fruits, 50c lb in lire etched boxes.
0-7 Market street. Palaoe Hotel building. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), (Sift Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main IW2. •
Charles P. Gardner has been unanimous
ly elected president of the New England
Conservatory of Music, in place of Rich
ard H. Dana, who has resigned on ac
count of poor health.
Excursion to the Yellowstone Park.
A personally conducted excursion will leava
this city July 12 far the Yellowstone Park, via
the "Shasta Route" and Northern Pacific Rail
way. Tourists will be accommodated in first
class Pullman car?; tickets will be sold. In
cluding berths, meals and trip through the
Park. Send for circular giving rate and itiner
ary to T. K. STATELER, General Agent
Northern Pacillc Railway, 638 Market «t., 8. t\
The Santa Fe Route sells cut rate tickets to
all points East. St. Paul, $£1; Kansas City,
$31; Chicago, 932 50; New York and Bo9ton.
$42 55. Get full particulars at Xo. 644 Market st.
Volunteers leaving for the South— Provid«
yourselves with a bottle of Dr. Slegert's Angos
tura Bitters. Prevents ill effects of bad water.
EXPERIENCE IS THE BEST TEACHER.
Use Acker's English Remedy in any case of
coughs colds or croup. Should it fail to s'v»
immediate relief money refunded. At No Per
centage Pharmacy.
When Lord Dufferin goes to Bristol
early in September to open the Cabot
Memorial Tower he is to visit Bath at
the invitation of the Mayor and citizens,
and be entertained at a complimentary
banquet. On that occasion the commit
tee entertaining him will be able to point
out at last the actual place of residence
of his ancestor, the gifted Sheridan.
J. F. Meehan, who has made the discov
ery, has received a congratulatory letter
from Lord Dufferin, who says: "I am
glad to learn that you have succeeded in
identifying Sheridan's place of residence
at Bath."
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■
The RoyaJ is the highest grade baking powder
I known. Actual tests show it goes one-
third further than any ether brand.
. kIIL . 1 : ■■
&4KINO
POWDER
Absolutely Pure 4^
".•'"- ■• • '.',■•■' - :- ' • v "Cr*
■ : - »ov*t t»KiNtt powocw eo..wgwvowc - : ''HAZEL KINNEY
THE WINNER
Captures the 2:14 Trot
at Denver.
LUCKY STAR BEATS RUBICON
SEVENS THIRD IN A STAKE
AT HABLEM.
Good Friemd Takes the Purse in a
Six-Furlong Dash, Outfooting
Nannie Davis and
Warren Point.
Ep*clal Dis-patch to The Call.
DENVER, June 15.— The great race of
the day was the 2:14 trot. In which
seven heats were contested. The en
tries were all California horses.
First race, pacing — Miss Peterson won
in throe straight heats. Best time, 2:17^.
Second race, trotting— Hazel Kinney
took fourth, sixth and seventh heats and
race. Ttm.\ t:W£, 2:16\, 2:17^. Stam
boulette took second and third heats.
Time. 2:15i 4 . 2:U'-i. D*. Leek took fifth
Time, 2:18$ Dione took the first
but was withdrawn after the sec
ond. Time. 2:16.
Third race,' six furlongs— Reel won,
Thurman second, Daylight third. Time,
Fourth race, six furlongs— Tiny P won,
Vallente second, Charlemagne third.
Time. 1:16%.
Fifth race, seven furlongs— Lucky Star
won, Rubicon second, Cabrillo third.
Time. 1:29.
CINCINNATI, June 15.— Track fast.
First race, one mile, selling— Petrel won,
Paris second, Royal Dance third. Time,
1:43.
Second race, five furlongs — Hanlight
won. Lela Murray second, Ramlet third.
Time. 1:0214.
Third race, one mile and a sixteenth.
Belling — Faunette won. The Planet second,
Countess Irma third. Time, 1:49.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Bangle won,
High Jinks second, Don Quixote third.
Time. 1:16.
Fifth race, fife furlongs— Judge Tarvin
won. Paca second, Peleus third. Time,
h race, one mile, selling— Prosecutor
won, Suydam second, Maggie S third.
Time, :
ST. LOUIS, June 15.— Weather
threatening; track fast.
First race, half mile— Lee Bruno won,
Candock second, Pell Mell II third. Time.
:49H.
Second race, clx and a half furlongs,
Foiling— St. Augustine won. Harris Floyd
second. Can I See 'Em third. Time, 1:21\.
Third race, one mile— Domsie won, Neo
ma second, Lady of the West third. Time,
1:43*4.
Fourth race, mile and an eighth— Ed
Farrell won. Don Orsino second. Found
third. Time, 1:56%.
- Fifth race, mile and seventy yards. sell-
Oninoor won. Parole dOr second
Madelina third. Time. 1:47.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs,
selling— Chemist won. Uncle Abb sec
ond, Reuben Rowett third. Time, 1:22'' 2 .
CHICAGO, June 15.— Harlem results:
First race, four and a half furlongs—
Mazie O won. White Pine second, Mazie
V third. Time, M.
Second race, six furlongs— Nellie Baker
■won. Pearl Walker second, King Bermuda
third. Time, 1:17%.
Third race, one mile— Al Fresco won, Lo
cust Blossom second, Necedah third.
Time, l:47^i.
Fourth race, the Proviso stakes, four
and a half furlong-s— The Kentucklan
won, Boney Boy second. Sevens third.
Time. :5>%.
Fifth race, two heats, five furlongs —
First heat— Miss Casey won. Come Quick
second, Alabaster third. Time, l:04 i.
Second heat — Alabaster won, Come
Quick second, Miss Casey third. Time,
l:os*i.
Sixth race, six furlongs— Friend
won, Nannie Davis second, Warren Point
third. Time, 1:18%.
DETROIT, June 15.— Results at High
land Park:
First race, six furlongs, Belling, Bill I
Arnett won, Nicholas second, Reprieve i
third. Time. 1:15' : .
Second race, four and a half furlongs, 1
Term Day won, Gay Parisian second. To- j
l>az third. Time. :'.T.
Third race, one mile. Old Saugus won, I
Storm King second. What Next third. !
Time. 1:43. The Duchess finished first, but
was disqualified for fouling.
Fourth race. Michigan stakes, one mile,
Alice Farley won. Laverock second. Miss
Gussie third. Time. 1:43.
Fifth race, five furlongs, Semper Eadem i
Won, McCarren second, Bessie Taylor
third. Time, 1:04.
Sixth race, one and a quarter miles,
pelling, Paul Kauvar won. Traveler sec
ond. L B third. Time. 2:10^.
NEW YORK. June 15.— Gravesend re- j
suits:
First race, five furlongs, Formcro won,
Theory second, Ahem third. Time, I:O2Vj.
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles,
George Keene won, Sanders second, Van
Antwerp third. Time. 1:50*4.
Third race, Fix furlongs. Lambent won,
Rotterdam second, Marsian third. Time,
1:16.
Fourth race. Brookdale. mile and a fur
long, Royal Stag won, Mirthful second
Lehman third. Time. 1:8
Fifth race, five furlongs, selling, Rush- j
fr won. Meddlesome second, Tulane third
Time. 1:02*;.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles,
pelling. Geisha won. Knight of the Garter
second, Ben Ronald third. Time, 1:48%.
CINCINNATI'S TEAM
INCREASES ITS LEAD
Boston Takes Second Place and the
Giants Retreat to the Second
Division.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. ! Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Cincinnati ..M 14 .702iNew Y0rk... 24 23 .511
Boston SI 17 .646 Philadelphia 19 25 .432
Cleveland ...80 18 .625 Brooklyn ...18 26 .409
Baltimore ...2<S IS .5M Washington 18 SO .375
PittFbur* ....26 23 .631 St. L0ui5.... 18 31 .340
Chicago 28 22 .042 Louisville ...15 8o .300
LOUISVILLE. June 15— The Colonels
ADVERTISEMENTS.
KVVVYVWVV YYVV¥W VWK
j For the J
LMan.il
o : ' ■ -■ <*
» ' •
• Who drinks. Hope lor . the •
* man who stops. The Keeley *
9 Treatment is the help and S |
m hope. It cures drunkenness, C j
D morphine habit and other $
• drug addictions. v ~l *
d — ; «
? THE KEELEY IXSTITUTESt -
• ™ i
% U7Q Market St., San Francitco. '- c !
9 232 X. MainSt, Lot Awjele*. m j
Frti A. Pollock, Manager. ■ j
KAAJUMiAIJI HUJUM» j
THE CALL'S LATEST ACQUISITION.
< With the printing of this edition The Call put into operation for the first time the new press which it has just added to the two already in use The new
machine is known as Hoe s latest improved, condensed, quadruple press, and contains every improvement which ingenuity has devised for mechanism of the kind
being capable of printing and folding every hour 96,000 four-paged papers, 48,000 eight-paged papers, or 24,000 sixteen-paged papers
• The two presses which have been in use hitherto will be brought at once from the former home of the paper on Clay street and installed with the new one
in the basement of the Clans Spreckels building : onthe corner of Market and Third streets. The equipment of the press rooms will then be unsurpassed and the de
mands upon the paper to meet the. rapidly increasing circulation will be fully met. ""'* ." . ■' ■* • •
• Thus The Call takes another step forward in the march of improvement and gives another evidence of its determination to spare no expense or energy
in the work of providing ban Francisco and California with a newspaper abreast of the times and equal to any in the world. ' "
s^, w s** *** w +< y* I** y*< **< w >X i*i >** i*< vs: vk w w ■*»<• v*/ \+s %*/ i*^ \*w v»* w \** w v* w vw •»*• s*.- \a. ■ \*s <^. v* —. .
could not touch Breiter.stein and were
never in the game. Catcher Wilson and
Outfielder Josh Clarke were given notice
of their release to-day. Attendance 300.
Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Cincinnati 5 6 0
Louisville 14 3
Batteries — Breltenstein and .Vaughan; Frazer
and Snyder. Umpires— Swartwood and Wood.
CLEVELAND. June 15.— The Pirates
made it three straight by bunching five
hits in the seventh inning. That tells the
whole story. Attendance 1000. Score;
Clubs— R- H. E.
Cleveland 3 11 2
Pittsburg ».. 4 10 0
Batteries— Young and Zimmer: Killen and
Bowerman. Umpires — Snyder and Connelly.
CHICAGO. June 15.— Griffith's heady
pitching and perfect support allowed but
one of the Browns to reach third to-day.
Attendance 1100. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Chicago 4 9 '1
St. Louis 0 11 2
Batteries— Griffith and Donahue- Esper and
Bugden. Umpires— Emslie and Curry.
BOSTON. June 15.— Although the home
team was crippled by the absence of Long
and Hamilton, Philadelphia was beaten
with the greatest ease to-day. 1 Attend
ance 1900. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston v. 12 16 2
Philadelphia 6 9 6
Batteries— Lewis and Bergen: Punkle. Piatt,
Wheeler and McFarland. Umpires— O 1 Day and
MqDonald.
BALTIMORE. June 15.— Baltimore won
handily to-day. Maul, the Oriole twirler,
being practically invincible. The game
was called after Washington had finished
its half of the eighth inning. Attendance
£20. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E. !
Washington .• 1 6 2 -i
Baltimore 8 9 2
— Donovan and MeQuire; Maul and
Robinson. Umpires— Cuahman end Heydler.
NEW YORK. June 15.— Rusie pitched a
fairly good game against Brooklyn. New
York lost by their inability to bat. At
tendance 2674. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn 6 10 2
Xew York ' 16 3
Batteries— and Ryan; Rusie and War
ner. Umpires— Lynch and Anderson. • .
Baseball at the North.
SPOKANE, Wash., June 15.— Score:
Clubs— R, H. E.
Tacoma , IT 13 1
Spokane 0 1 S
ROTHSCHILD'S HORSE WINS.
Jacquemart Captures the Royal Hunt (
Cup at Ascot.
LONDON, June 15.— At the second day's
racing at Ascot Heath, Leopold de Roths
child's 4-year-old bay colt Jaquemart won
the Royal Hunt cup, valued at 500 sover
eigns, with 150 sovereigns added. Twenty
horses ran, including James R. Keene's
bay colt. St. Cloud 11, and th* Lorillard-
Beresford stable"s chestnut colt, Berzak.
H. I. Higham's chestnut colt Foster was
second; Reid Walker's 6-year-old brown
horse Dinna Forget, third.
PENSION BILLS PASS
IN VERY SHORT ORDER
During the Senate's Session Thirty-
Two Go Through in Thirty-
Three Minutes.
WASHINGTON, June 15.— After passing
a number of pension bills and listening
to a carefully prepared report on the ad
vantages of Republican tariff legislation
by Pritchard of North Carolina the Sen
ate to-day resumed consideration of the
lnternationpl bank bill. An amendment
was accepted by the committee extending
the privileges of the measure to all citi
zens of the United States instead of re
stricting them to those mentioned in
the bill. When the Senate adjourned con
sideration of the bill was not concluded.
During the consideration of the pension
calendar thirty-two bills were passed in
thirty-three minutes. Among the bills
passed was one increasing the pension of
Sirs. Margaret Love Skerritt, widow of
Rear Admiral SKerritt, from $30 to $50 a
month.
Cockrell of Missouri reported from the
Military Affairs Committee a bill to pro
mote the administration of Justice in the
army and asked for its immediate con
sideration. ' The bill provides for the ad
ministration of justice by a summary
court. It was passed.
At 4:35 the bank bill was laid aside, the
Senate went into executive session and
soon afterward adjourned.
GERMAN DIPLOMAT
SHOT BY AN ENGLISHMAN
Count yon Arco-Valley Fired Upon
by a Man Who Refuses to
Give an Explanation.
LONDON, June 15.— While, the first sec
retary of the German Embassy here,
Count yon Arco-Valley, was emerging
from the embassy this afternoon a
stranger fired two shots from a revolver
at him. On© of the bullets entered the
Becretary"s back. His 1 asailant was ar
rested after firing at and missing a police-
Count Arco-Valley's wound is not li.in
gerous. His assailant, an Englishman,
refusea to furnish any explanation of hia
conduct.
Read "The Curse of the Camp/ by-
Alice Rix,
In next Sunday's Call.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 16, 1898.
PRITCHARD ON
PROSPERITY
Benefits of Republican
Rule Set Forth.
GREAT CHANGE IN CONDITIONS
PREDICTIONS OF GOOD TIMES
ARE FULFILLED.
Vast Increase in Commercial Trans
actions Owing to the Wiee Policy
of the Party of Lincoln
and McKinley.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 15.— 1n the
course of an • extended speech in the
Senate to-day upon "the benefits of
Republican rule," Pritchard (R.) of
North Carolina said:
The great change which has taken place
in the financial, commercial and economic
conditions of our country since the in
auguration of a Republican President and
the enactment of a Republican tariff law,
directs attention again to the benefits
which have invariably flowed from the
administration of the Government by the
great party of Lincoln, Grant and McKin
ley. Not in many years, if ever, have
the material prospects of the United
States been as bright as they are to-day;
and for this the wise and patriotic legis
lation formed and passed by the Repub
lican party is responsible.
A prediction made public by the Bureau
of Statistics recently might well have
been received with amazement and in
credulity by Uiose who have not followed
carefully the trend of our national trade
during the year. To suggest that the
balance of trade in favor of the United
States for one year could, much less
would reach the prodigious sum of $600,
000,000 seemed like idle folly. Never before
in the histury of the nation has the favor
able trade balance been half that much.
And yet the prediction was well founded
and unless the law of probabilities fail,
the trade balance, which for the ten
months ending April 30 was $514 .245. 49."),
will be over six hundred millions by June
30. The nearest approach to this extraor
dinary record was last year, when the
balance in our favor was $286,263,144.
It is estimated that for the full fiscal
year the net amount of coin received in
partial settlement of our huge merchan
dise balance will be at least $100,000,000.
This is more than double any previous
cash balance for one year, the largest
having been $4,053,200 for the year 1579.
After describing agricultural and
commercial trials through which the
South has passed, Pritchard said:
P.ut a brighter day has dawned. Out of
the wreck of scheme and ill-founded hopes
has arisen a new generation, who, work
ing with head, hand and heart, are rais
ing the Southern States to a pha.ee where
prosperity, plenty and happiness shall be
the familiar portion of their people. In
the front rank of States that are working
out a splendid destiny stands North Caro
lina. No State has greater possibilities;
none greater need of the fostering care
that flows from the Republican control of
the Government.
The citizens of my State have not been
backward in entering upon the develop
ment of her industries and the whirr of
spindle and the click of the loom in hun
dreds of cotton mills are dally teaching
her people the groat lesson of industrial
expansion. Prosperity has come to North
Carolina to stay. This year there is a
boom. Farm products are from 15 to 40
per cent advanced. Horses are 75 per cent
higher than in 1*97 and few to be had
Poultry is 150 per cent above last year!
The lumber industry that was prostrated
in 1896-fi" is active and prosperous. To
bacco is higher than in four years.
Such is the news that comes to our ears
not oniy from North Carolina, but from
every part of this great country. The
song of an ever-widening, ever-deepening
prosperity is in every ear and this after
less than a year of protective tariff legis
lation.
Forced to Close the Millinery Store.
The well-known milliner, Mrs. S R
Hall, 938 Market street, is forced to close
the store all day to-morrow, which will
enable the help to prepare for one of the
greatest millinery sales known. $9327
worth of Los Angeles millinery Mrs. Hall
bought at 38c on the dollar. Ladies will
know what this means. $3 60 hats will go
at 95c; $25 hats at $12 50; $1 French flowers
25c. Sale opens Saturday, 9:30 a. m. •
Buys San Rafael Bonds.
SAN RAFAEL, June 15.— A. \V. Foster,
president of the San Francisco and North
Pacific Railway, has purchased the entire
Issue of bonds for the construction of the
new high school building. The amount Is
$15,000.
Advances made on furniture and piano*, with
or without removal. J.Noonan, lOX7-Xo23 Mission.
SUCCESS OF
WAR LOANS
To Be Taken by Popu
lar Subscriptions.
MADE ABSOLUTELY CERTAIN
TWO PROPOSITIONS, EACH COV
ERING THE FULL AMOUNT.
J. Pierpont Morgan at the Head of a
Syndicate That Is Ready and
Will Take All of the Two
Hundred Million Issue.
WASHINGTON, June 15.— 1f there
was ever any question about the suc
cess of the new 3 per cent war loans it
has been set at rest by the way in
which subscriptions are already coming
in at the Treasury Department. The
I assurance of the success of the loan
has, however, been made absolutely
certain by two propositions, each cov
| ering the entire present issue of $200,
; 000,000. The subscription of the Na
tional City Bank, the Central Trust
Company and Vermyea & Co., made
the day the loan was opened, was for
any part of the total issue that should
not be taken by the public. Another
proposal was formulated the same day
covering the entire amount. It came
; from J. Pierpont Morgan and a number
i of associates.
The Treasury Department regards
j the spirit shown in the proposition as
\ particularly praiseworthy. It is set
I forth in a preamble to the proposition
I and, says:
"Whereas, It is the opinion of the un
dersigned, that, although the amount ot
fered will be largely over-subscribed, it
is essential that the secretary should be
assured of the absolutely unqualified suc
cess of the issue by an advance subscrip
tion of the entire amount, and
Whereas, In the opinion of the under
signed, for the purpose of carrying out
these ends, a syndicate should be formed
who shall agree In advance to subscribe
at par for the whole amount of such issuo
of $2<X),000,000 or such thereof as may not
be subscribed for by the general public;
Therefore, now. we the undersigned,
agree to accept firm participation in any
such syndicate to the extent of the
amounts set against our names:
By this preamble the subscribers ex
press the opinion that the loan will be
subscribed for independently of this
action on their part, and besides they
have no wish to interfere in any way
with the popular character of the loan
as desired by Congress and the ad
ministration. Their only desire is that
without delay whatever the Govern
ment should be assured of the full
amount asked for. The subscribers to
the syndicate are as follows:
J. P. Morgan & Co. of New York, $20 -
000,000.
Harvey Flsk and Sons of New York
$20,0(X>,000.
First National Bank of New York $20 -
000,000.
Mutual Life Insurance Company of New
York, $20,000,000.
Kidder, Peabody & Co., of Boston $20 -
000,000. '
United States Trust Company, of New
$10,000,000.
Drexel & Co., of Philadelphia, $10,000 000
A. Belmoni & Co., of New York $10-"
000,000. '
Kuhn, Loeb & Co. of New York $10 -
j 000, 000.
National Park Bank of New York $10
000,000. , r
National Bank of Commerce of New
York, $10,000,000.
American Exchange National Bank of
New York, $10,000,000.
First National Bank of Cincinnati $10 -
000,000. '
The Philadelphia National Bank of
Philadelphia, $10,000,000.
The Pennsylvania Company for insur
ance on lives and granting annuties, Phil
adelphia, $10,000,000.
On behalf of such syndicate we there
fore subscribe at par for the wholo
amount of such issue, two hundred million
dollars ($200,000,000) or such part thereof
as may not be subscribed by the general
public.
Estimates for the Army.
WASHINGTON, June 10.-The Secre
tary of AVar has sent to Congress esti
mates for the appropriations for the army
up to January 1 next, amounting to $13 -
200.000. divided as follows: Regular sup
plies, Quartermaster's Department, $3 -
000,000; army transportation, $10,000 000
contingencies of the army, $100,000; secret
service, $100,000. The amount bo far asked
for on account of the war la approxi
mately $381,000,000,
CONTENTION
OF EDUCATORS
Noted Men and Women
to Assemble.
RUNS THREE DAYS AT OMAHA
TO BE A PRETTY FEATURE OF
THE EXPOSITION.
Noted Pedagogues From Many States
to Attend the Interesting
Trans - Mississippi
Assemblage.
Special Dispatch to" The Call.
OMAHA, Nebr., June 15.— The Trans-
Mississippi • Educational Convention
which will be held In Omaha three days,
beginning June 28, will bring together
men and women of high attainments
In the educational world. Leading ed
ucators from the East and West have
signified their intention to be present
and take part in the five big general
meetings and the conferences on special
branches of knowledge.
The morning meetings will be heU
at Boyd's Theater and the evening
gatherings at the Auditorium at the ex
position. Ample accommodations will
be afforded for every one. The execu
tive committee having in charge the ar-
rangements in Omaha consists of C. Q.
Pearse, Superintendent Omaha schools,
chairman; J. M. Gil lan, secretary
Board of Education, secretary; J. M.
Dumont, treasurer; W. R. Jackson,
State Superintendent Public Instruc
tion; Victor Rosewater, managing edi
tor Omaha Bee; J. E. Utt, secretary
Commercial Club.
The committee has carefully attended
to all details for the reception of visit
ing delegates. During the days of the
convention there will be several special
features at the Trans-Mississippi Ex
position, which in itself has numerous
attractions for the pedagogues. The
Government displays in the educational
department and the international build
ing, not to mention music, the fine arts
and sciences, besides a host of. other
features are in themselves of vast in
terest and of lasting benefit to instruc
tors.
There will be a summer school of
methods conducted in the city by prom
inent educators during the exposition.
In addition to numerous other features
on Minnesota day, June 29, Willard Pat
ton's chorus of 250 voices, from Minne
apolis, will be heard. The Marine Band
will probably prolong its stay at the
white city. There will be no lack of
musical features. Entertainment will
be devised for the schoolteachers in
every way.
There will be a social reception, a
night Illumination at the fair city and
a special day. Excursion railroad rates
intending visitors may learn by ap
plication to the agents find will be low.
Ample hotel accommodations will also
be provided. The general executive
headquarters are at the Millard Hotel,
Thirteenth and 'Douglas streets; the
Nebraska headquarters at the Dellone;
the lowa headquarters at the New Mer
cer, Twelfth and Howard; the Kansas
and Missouri headquarters at the Pax
ton, Fourteenth and Farnam. Other
State headquarters are being provided
for at downtown hotels convenient to
the public halls where the conference
meetings will be held.
Five general meetings at which top
ics of extraordinary interest and value
will be treated by experts and thirteen
conference meetings will be held. The
general session begins at 10 o'clock.
Eminent educators from all parts of
of the country have signified their will
ingness to attend the convention and
participate in its deliberations. They
are men and women who are well
known East and West, and the man
Can Our Coast Be Effectually
Blockaded?
If confidence can be felt In the opinion of
military and naval officers In high places at
the seat of government, such Is the vast ex
tent of our sea coast to blockade It effectually,
even If our navy and sea coast defenses could
offer no adequate resistance, seems to be Im
possible. When ft blockade of the bowels ex
ists, relieve constipation with Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters, which conquers dyspepsia,
malaria, rheumatism and kidney trouble.
agement Is to be congratulated on of- !
fering such an array of talented !
speakers. ■
MURDERED AND CREMATED.
Two Men and a Woman Slain by
Alabama Robbers.
MONTGOMERY, AJa., June 15.— Near !
Wetumpka last night the house of Wil- ;
liam Gurden was burned, and he perished
with his wife and W. A. Curley. Gurden '
had the reputation of keeping a hoard of
geld and there ia little doubt that the '
three persons were murdered by robbers j
and the house set on fire. Bloodhounds !
have been put on the track of the mur- j
derers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales overC, ooo,ooo Boxes
fit Jft.Jßia^BMaV "■
FOB BILIOUS AND NEEVOUS DISORDERS
. such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach,
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache, Dizziness. Drowsiness, Flushinsrs
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling : Sensations.
THE FIEST DOSE WILL GIVE EELIZF
-IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
•will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'B PiLI^J, taken as direct*
cd. will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the bts-
tem and cure Sick Headache, Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And' have the
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine in the World.
25c. at all Drug Stores.
tVi.lt DR. JORDAN'S Great
|JL Museum of Anatomy
|3SI 3061 MASEET ST. bat. 6th * 7th, S. T. CaL
■ S Q The LtrcettofiUkiHdiDtbsirarlO.
I 1 JraZ,! DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
IbWH Ik ConiultaiUn free. Writ* for Heok
§\ | Philosophy of Marriage.
h U MAIIEO FBIC ■
AMUSEMENTS.
MECHANICSMPAVILION.
RECEPTION BT THH
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE
MAJOR-GENERAL MBRRITT, TT. S. A., WHI
R»e«lv* a MARCHING REVIEW of the
First Minnesota Regiment, U.S. V.,
FRIDAY, JUNE IT, 8 P.M.
ADMISSION 60 CENTS.
BENEFIT OF RED CROSS SOCIETY.
HENRI MAURICE CANNON,
THE SWISS 613 POUNDER.
IS AT THE CHUTES
EVERY AFTERNOON , AND EVENING.
A Great Vaudeville Performance in th«
FREE THEATER.
SEE THE PEKING LEAVING THE WHARF!
PROUD BIRDS OF IHEEDOM IN THE ZOO. •
10c, Including Zoo and Theater; Children. 80.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now oren every Sunday during: the season. ,
Music Dancing, . ■ Bcwllng, Boating, Fishing
and other amusements. : '
Refreshments at i city prices. Fare, round
trip, 26c: Children, 15c; including admission
to grounds. - ; ./...:.-.•-.
—THE STEAMER UKIAH— •
Will leave Tlburon^erry at 10:20 a. m.. 11:10,
S and A p. m. Returning, ; leave El Campo at i
11:15 a. m., 1, 3 and 6 p. . m. >.-: j.. I
OI YMPTA I Cornw « f Mlt<M **<*
vL,YinriA I ■ 7EddySt u .
A Great New Bill. THE BIOGRAPH, New
War Scenes: the GREAT DE BOE, LA ROY
SISTERS, ' EN YVELL,' MAUDE ROCKWELL,
LA > MONT. WILLIAMS, GAMBOL. Great
Show. . Admission Free.
SUTRO £ATHS.
OF»EIV NIGHTS.
\ Open Dally from 7a. m. until 11 p. m. *
ADMISSION 10c - - . -. ; ■ - CHILDREN Oo
vt . Bathing, wiib admission, 26c; onllOreu, Mo. ■ .
DEBTS OF THE
PACIFIC ROADS
Maguire's Resolution of
Inquiry Tabled.
CALIFORNIANS YET ON GUARD
GEAR WILL TBY TO SECTJBE A
"COMMISSION."
As This Scheme Would Virtually B»
a Bef uncling Bill, It Will Be
Met With Most Vigor
ous Opposition.
Special DUcatch to The C&H.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, June 15.
The Pacific Railroads seem to b«
again in full control of the fcouse Com
mittee. The resolution of Representa
tive Magruire calling upon the Presi
dent for information concerning th«
Kansas and Central Pacific foreclosure
sales was taken up in the House Pa
cific Railroads Committee to-day, and
by a vote of 4 to 1 was tabled.
Those voting against the resolutions
were: Powers, Hepburn, Faris and
Codding. Maguire cast the only vote
In favor of his resolution. Hepburn of
lowa took occasion to remark that the
resolutions were introduced at this
time for political effect, and Maguire
retorted:
"Then why should you table the reso
lutions? Is not your action a confes
sion of fear that the President's an
swer will not be satisfactory to the
people? If, as you say, my resolutions
are for political effect, why don't you
report them favorably to the House
and thus secure a political advantage
for your own party?"
Hepburn replied that his party was
not attempting to legislate for the ad
vantage of either one or the other po
litical party.
It transpired to-day that when the
deficiency appropriation bill reached
the Senate for action Gear of lowa,
chairman of the Committee on Pacific
Roads, would make an attempt to at
tach to It a rider providing for the ap
pointment of a commission to settle
the Pacific roads debt. This, in the
opinion of Senators White and Perkins,
Representative Maguiro and other Cal
ifornia Congressmen, would be equiva
lent to a refunding bill, and the Cali
fornia Senators will vigorously oppose
it. They believe that it ought to be
ruled out on a point of order, for, be
ing "new legislation," it is clearly not
germane to a regular appropriation
bill.
AMUSEMENTS.
I
GREAT NEW BILL OF ARTISTS.
FANNY WENTWORTH. London Society En-
. tertainer; EZRA KENDALL, humorist; CAR-
i LIN and Clark. German Comedians; SAVANS.
I Acrobatic comsdy; KATIE ROOXEY, WILLS
and LORETTO. ALBURTUS and BARTRUM,
MUSICAL JOHNSONS. Retained by Popular
demand— AL LEACH and the THREE ROSE-
BUDS. -
Reserved seats. 25c; balcony, lOo; opera
chairs and box Eeats, EOc.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
ALL THIS MATINEE SATURDAY.
FRAU/LEYCOMPANY
Presenting for the first time In this city
Augustln Daly's Latest Comedy Success,
"NUMBER NINE."
By the Authors of "Great Unknown," "Two
Escutcheons," etc.
NEXT MONDAY— "ARISTOCRACY."
— : ;—; — '
BALDWIN_JTHEATER.
■ - —
Continuing all this week. Afternoons at i,
evenings at S:3O. The acme of science in mov-
ing pictures. "THE PASSION PLAY." Ad-
mission, with seat, adults 25c, children 15c.
j —
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco. Sole Lessea and Manager.
Evening Prices — 25c and 50c.
| MATINEES SATURDAY AND , SUNDAY.
THIRD WEEK of "
.:: CEOKCE P. WEBSTER.:'.
In Clay M. Greene's Great Arctic Drama,
! "Under the Polar Star."
Directed by H. PERCY MELDON.
A Magnificent Pros»»-tion, With New Scenlo,
Mechanical and Electrical Effects.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Ernestine Krellng.Proprletor and Manager.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK,
LAST TIMEa
THE PATRIOTIC OPERA - *C SPECTACLE,
AN
AMERICAN HERO!
A Perfect Production in Every Detail,
: .•:-: NEXT WEEK
A Production Par Excellence!
"AT_il BABAI"
A New Burlesque on an Old Subject.
! Popular Prices ....25 and EOo
No Telephone. ■- ■
ALCAZAR 6EAT pho%.
nL<vnL<ni\. main 264.
ALL THE LEADING PAPERS INDORSH
LEWIS /WORRISON
As COUNT DE MORNAT, ' Vv"^ A
IN
A CELEBRATED CASE !
Next Week— LEWIS MORRISON In the Pa-
i triotlcPlay. "THE NATION'S DEFENDERS."
Prices— lsc, 2oc, 85c, 50c. . ■ ■ '
j — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —^-»
•
CAMPERS' 411 QP
EXCURSION... yhZu
to THE
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
Personally Conducted by WM. H. MBNTON, :
Excursion Pass. Agt., S. P. Co.
SATURDAY, JUNE 18, 1898,
Stopping at ALMA. WRIGHTS, LAUREL,
I GLENWOOD, ARCACIA. ZAYANTE, FEL-
TON, BEN LOMOND, ROWARDENNAN and
! BOULDER CREEK.
i Train leaves Ferry landing 7:45' a. m., Oak-
land (14th and Franklin sts.) .45 a. m., Ala-
; meda (Park st.) 8:20 a. m.
T. H. GOODMAN. G. P. A., S. P. Co. .
. H. R. JUDAH. A..0. P. A. ' . -: V
GRAND EXCURSION TO LOS GATOS
— ON—
JTJ3STB V 7, less,
-BY-
Bunker ■ Hill Association, Sons of Vermont,
: Sons of American Revolution and
California Pioneers.
Oration by HON. £AMUEL M. SHORTRIDQH.
> FULL BAND OF MUSIC.
Trains leave Third and Townsend street* at
; 8:30 a. m.
TICKETS \\. ROUND - TRIP. ;
Children 60c. " To be had at -the Emporium
and at the depot on themoroMfi «£ tte «Jf>
bratioa. Prlio» ftwarded. . »-^.W
78
SOLDIERS GO
TO WAR FROM
AMONG FRIENDS
Conttnued from I ; Pag*.
nlla. General Merriam was on board the
McDowell and paid a viait to General
Greene on the China.
It seams to be the general Impression
at military headquarters that instead of
waiting to gret reads eight or nine ves
sels for th.' third Philippine expedition
ihe next fleet will be composed of only
four or five steamers, which can be put
in condition for Bailing early next week.
It is intimated that tho military authori
ties here urged by the War
Department to push the troops to the
front with tho quickest dispatch possible
and not to wait fur the assembling of a
large lieot. This plan will necessitate the
oending of Beveral small ilotillus In rapid
succession.
By command of Major General Merriam
Second Lieutenant F. W. Mixter of Com
pany E, First Battalion of California
volunteer Infantry, has been .ordered on
recruiting duty at Merced. Fresno, Vlsa
lla and Hakersneld, and Second Lieuten
ant 11. I-. Walthal, Company D of th»-
Second Battalion, has been ordered on re
cruiting service at Modesto, Stockton and
Saorujuemo, each with a detail of four
men.
Sergeants M. C. <"orey (Company A>.
John Btringei (Company B), Z. B. Raw
eon (Company D) ar.d J. W. Childs (Com
pany L), all of the First Battalion of th<
First Regiment Washington Volunteer
Infantry, have been detached on recruit-
Ing service at Beattle and Spokane, re
portirg to Captain Adams; and Berg
Raymond Drake (Company B), William
H. Da.rr (Company F). James Reid (Com
pany G) and K. K. Collins (Company I)
of the Beoond Battalion, will recruit n -
Vancouver, Yaqulma and Walla Walla,
reporting to Captain Xi rich.
Hospital Steward Lang has been re
lieved from duty in the Department of
California, and has been transferred to
the Department of the Pacific, to report
to the surgeon in charge of the Field Di
vision Hospital at Camp Merritt.
GETTING SHIPS READY.
Ohio, Indiana, City of Para an
Morgan City "Will Comprise
the Third Squadron.
The China, ZeaJandia, Senator and
Colon are now on their way to Manila, via
Honolulu, and a new batch of transport.-
lias taken t!ie:r places at the various
wharves. Work h;is began on ail of them
save the City of Puobla ajid Alameda, tuT
four of them at least will oe ready to get
away before the end of the month— th<
Ohio at L<ombard - street wharf. I:
diaua at Pacific-street wharf, Morgai
City at Howard -street wharf and <
Para at tho Mail dock. The City of
Pu«bla is now on Puget Sound, and Is
expected back hero next week, while the
Alamerhi. will be due here from Australia
on tho 29th inst. The latter vess
raider contract to carry tho English mails
from Ban Francisco to New Zealand and
Australia, and the Oceanic Steamship
' ive to get another sti amer
toe to take lior place. This ..
done by getting the Monowai. tno sti
thai at one time ran on the line in the
Aloana's place, up from Now % i
The Indiana and Ohio ;;ro sister ships.
and will mui\'» splendid transports.
berth decks run level from ste.ni to stern.
and the soldiers will bo able to mov<
easels to the other without
ever approaching the main deck.
eiderabtt; work has already h<en 'lone or
the Morgan City, and she win be the first
of the fleet to !>■> ready. The City of Para
came <nj the drydock yesterday, and the
■work of gutting her ready began with a
rush.
These four veaels— Ohio, Indiana,
3VTorgan City and City of Para— will prob
ably be the next flr^t to pet away. They
■will bo followed- by the Alameda, City of
Puebla, Viotorta (now at Seattle) and the
Olympia, due at Seattle from the Orient
next Sunday. The Victoria and Olympia
are British steamers, but have been given
an American registry in order to carry
soldiers to Manila. In all the eight vpe-
Bels will carry about B<XK) soldiers, and
that would leave 4000 men still in camp.
These will probably be sent away on the
Mariposa, duo here, and the Arizona, due
in Seattle in July, and two of tho Pacific
Mail Company's boats.
CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR.
Progress of the Good Work at
Camp Merritt.
General W. H. I* Barnes addressed the
boys in blue at the Christian Endeavor
headquarters at Camp Merrltt Tuesday
evening. His remarks elicited great en
thusiasm.
The Christian Endeavorcrs have secured
a tent 20x<0 to go to the Philippine Islands
with their representative, Arthur P. Al
exander.
Meetings at the headquarters continue
to grow in Interest. On Saturday evening
between 600 and 700 soldiers were present.
The fine i>r^K'r;i.mme was greatly enjoyed.
Mrs. Harrington. State president of the
Red Cross, and Mrs. Merrill were on the
platform, and were enthusiastically re
ceived with round after round of applause.
Donations of writing paper a:nd envelopes
will be Gratefully received, and are needed
very much. They can bo sent to head
quarters, from which place the several
tents are supplied.
VETERANS ORGANIZE.
Soldiers Who Served at Pet.
Ridge Forming a
Company.
Two veterans of tha regular army who
<!i 1 gallant service in the battle of Pea
and served t ■ rs under Major
■.! Shatter are organizing a splendid
ly drilled company of ex-army men and
others and will offer themselves and their
services to the Goven ■
11. M. Owens, an attorney with offices in
the Parrot t block, and D. Vandervoort of
the t'alifornia Street Railroad Company
now capiain and lieutenant, are effecting
tho organ Iza<
Sixty men have already signed the rolls
and Captain ' wens desires to complete
the quo, a of JOB men necessary for a full
company.
Recruits of good character wjll be en
listed at Captain Owens' office, room 505
Parrott Block.
VIGOROUS SHAM BATTLE
The Montana Volunteers Par-
ticipated in a Brisk
Engagement.
Thrp« promotions are announced in
Company C, Fifty-first lowa Quarter
master Sergeant Gibbs- has been trans
ferred to the signal corpa Corporal James
promoted to the sergeant's stripes and
THE THIRD CONTINGENT WILL SOON SAIL
Three Full Regiments Selected to Make a Part of
the Next Expedition.
•It can be positively stated that the third expedition to Manila, which will
here In about seven days, will consist of three full regiments and
nl. .. ut 1000 other soldiers drawn from the different troops now at Camp Mer-
The next transports to sail will be the Morgan City, Indiana, City of
Para and Ohio, and the loading of those vessels has begun.
is no doubt but that Brigadier General Charles King will be in
command of the third expedition. This is an open secret among the officers
at (•;,),,;, Merritt. Jhe next expedition will consist of the Seventh California,
Thirti» nth Minnesota and one of the Dakotas or First Montana Rfgim<-nt.
The two Idaho battalions also will go, and in all probability the remainder of
the Corps of Engineers, with the. three companies of the Fourteenth In
tantry that hp.ve been recently recruit> d.
Orders were Issued yesterday to the commanding: officers of the Seventh
California, Thirteenth Minnesota and Idaho battalions, instructing them to
. a detail with five days' rations to guard the boats. The Seventh
California will guard the Indiana; the Thirteenth Minnesota, the City of
Para, and the Idaho battalions the Horgan city. From this it would seem
■ .. troops are to go on the vessels named, as heretofore it has been
the custom for regiments to furnish guards for *he transports upon which
they sailed.
Private Harris will take the double stripe
abandoned by Corporal James.
Private Goddard. Company E, and Pri
vate Hoburg, Company M, who were left
sick with measles in Sioux ■ Falls when
the South Dakota troops came West, re
ported for duty to Colonel Frost yester
day.
The health and general moral tone of
Colonel Frost's command la remarkably
above the average, possibly because of the
rule that Colonel Frost has followed in
allowing only 10 per cent of his men out
at night, and then only until 1 o'clock.
They also get six good hours of drilling
every day, and that practice on the part
of the two Dakotaa and the lowas Is win
ning commendation frpm every regular
officer In camp.
The three battalions of the First Mon
tanas varied the monotony of drill Tues
day with a mild sham battle. ''Che Third
Battalion intrenched itself near the line
Of the woods on the Presidio hills and
succeeded in holding off the bloodthirsty
hosts of the First and Second battalions
for nearly two hours. Every officer in
camp turned out excepting Colonel Kess
ler and the officer of the day. They had
hoped to be in at the death, but the war
riors in the trenches' bravely sustained
a series of heavy onslaughts until time
was called.
NEVADA CAVALRY.
rhe Troopers Arrive and Go
Into Gamp at Rich
mond.
Nevada's troop of cavalry, sixty-five
strong, arrived at Camp Merritt last
evening and pitched camp near the quar
ters of the First North Dakotas.
Captain F. M. Llnscott is in command.
His fellow-officers are First Lieutenant
F. E. Gignaux and Second Lieutenant W.
O. Wright.
The troop was recruited in Carson City,
Nev. On the 3d inst. they were ordered
to Cheyenne, and from there, on the 12th
nst., they were dispatched to this coast,
irriving at Oakland mole on Tuesday
::'Bht. No equipment whatever was
rought by the troop except their weap
?:s. They have no horses, and they were
without tents until last night.
Christian Commission.
The first meeting to elect officers and per
fect the organization of the United States
Army and Navy Christian Commission of
he Young Men's Christian Association
representing all the auxiliaries of {he
•vangrellcal churches will meet this after
noon at 2 o'clock at the Association Build
ng, Mason and Ellis streets. A largo tent
FAIR CALIFORNIA WAVES A LAST ADIEU.
as headquarters of the Christian Commis
sion will be established at once at Camp
.Merritt, and it is now expected that the
Young Men's Christian Association and
all the Young People's Societies of the
City together with tha Mothers' Endeavor
Club will give a grand union reception to
the army officers and men at the Associa
tion Building. The reception is now in
contemplation.
The I. .[lowing gentlemen are on the
committee of the Commission, to meet this
afternoon: William J. Doxey, Rev. T. D
Butler, J. J. Valentine, Rev. H. D. Mc-
Aneny, Rev. A. C. Smithers, Rev. \\\ A.
Gardner, Rev. J. A. Brown, Dr. EL A.
Woods, Rev. C. M. Hill, Rev. C. H. Ho
bart, E P. Vlning. Rev. Mr. Stevens,
George S. Baker, R. V. Watt, Rev. George
THE SA^T FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 16, 1898.
C. Adams, N. P. Cole, W. W. Chase, Dr.
W. F. Day, Rev. H. M. Tenney, Rev. J".
D. Hammond, Rev. F. D. Bovard, Rev.
Dr. Dille, C. B. Perkins, George D. Kel
logg, Rev. W. 11. Moreland, Rev. David
M. McClure, Major W. B. Hooper, J. A.
Davis, H. J. McCoy, Rev. E. P. Dennett.
Rev. T. IP. Burnham, D. Edward Collins,
Hon. C. W. Slack, J. S. Hutchinson, Rev.
H. C. Minton. Rev. W. A. Gardner of the
West Side Christian Church will conduct
the first service under the auspices of the
Army Christian Commission at the Asso
ciation tent, Fifth avenue, this evening
at 7:30 o'clock.
Notes of the Camß.
The commanders of the regular troops !
at Camp Merritt have Issued an order pro- j
hibiting all recruits from having posses- j
sion of ball cartridges until they have j
been thoroughly familiarized with the use ',
of the new Krag-Jorgensen rifles.
Brigadier General Mac Arthur took din
ner yesterday with Colonel Loper and his
; officers of the Fifty-first lowa, and took
| advantage of the opportunity to announce
, that lie had come to stay. The general's
; headquarters are established, and L.ieu
tenant F. J. Kernan of the Twenty-first
i Infantry has been detailed as adjutant of
i the brig-ado.
The First South Dakota have become
quite prolicient In the "monkey" or physi-
S eal exercise drill that has of late years
| become popular with the jackles of the
navy. It 1h now a -feature of regular
(■trap practice.
The Endeavor headquarters Is now fit
i ted up with chairs, so that all who attend
| can be seated. The large rooms are now
very tastily decorated with flags and dif
.ferent colored banners representing ketch
county In the State. The C. E. societies
of the city are deeply interested in the
work being done for the soldiers, and
| have organized for effective work among
1 them. Endeavor Societies all over the
i State are sending in to hw.dquartersmany
things which are very acceptable.
A Red Branch Picnic.
The Knights of the Red Branch Rifles
will give another of their pleasant pic
nics on Sunday, among the redwoods of
Mirabel Park. Excellent music is arranged
tor t.nd there is probably a good time In
store for those who catch Sunday's 9
o'clock boat.
Read "A Busy Day With Secretary
of War Alger at the White House,"
in next Sunday's Call.
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON, Juno 15. — Pensions
'have been granted as follows:
California— Original: Thomas F. French,
Santa Cruz, 16, Mexican War survivor.
Restoration: Special, June 7, Washington
C. Rugh, San Francisco, $8.
Oregon— Original: Thomas O. Maxwell,
Springfield, $S; Thomas T. Dregnen,
Portland, $6. Increase: Joseph Lett Can
yonville, $lti to $17.
Washington— Original: William H
Dean. Sprague, $S. Original widow,
Sarah A. Davis. Asotin, $8.
Advances made on furniture and pianos with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
CALIFORNIA BIDS
FAREWELL TO
THE TROOPS
Continued from First Paga.
dozen cards fluttered down at a time.
All the fine, young courage of the
words upon them, all the tender long
ing for sympathy in the glow of it, all
the pathos of this parting of stranger
from stranger will come back •to a
quieter hour when these boys are
across seas face to face with the foe,
when the lists come in from the wars
with the names of the wounded and
the dead.
A young lad with a sensitive face
stood a little apart from his comrades
and looked out over the rail of the
China with big, lonely eyes. A little
child on a tug fuming alongside stu
died him doubtfully. Then a sweet soul
spoke out of her little six years or so
of worldly experience:
"Good-by, soldier," she called softly.
He did not hear and her face fell. She
waited a moment and then she called
again:
"Soldier, good-by; good-by, soldier."
The boy heard this time and saw. He
colored with surprise and a Bort of
grladnoss came into his face, but he
looked to see if there was another to
dispute the honor with him. The little
girl's eyes never wandered. When his
own came back to her they were full of
tears.
"Good-by, little girt," he said, put
ting out his arms to her, "Good-by, lit
tle girl."
• At one o'clock the China hoisted the
blue Peter and a thrill swept along the
water front. The Senator had cast her
breast lines and slid out into the
stream. The small fry on the bay put
excitedly toward Meiggs wharf, the
tugs and ferry steamers waited for the
flagship to take the lead. The Colon
and Zealandia followed her and the
Senator fell in after them. The whistles
sounded along shore and screamed
across .the water. The crowd rushed
to the edge of the piers, cheering and
waving hats and hands. Heads came
out of the windows on Telegraph Hill,
a line of men topped it stiffly, like a
row of firs. At Meigrga .wharf the
crowd ran shouting along the pier.
From Black Point, to Fort Point the
soldiers on shore cheered the soldiers
going to sea. The men on the trans
ports were mad with the excitement of
the Btart. They crushed the decks,
swarmed the rigging, climbed to the
topsail yard, waved and shouted,
cheered and cried.
They left the chasing tugs behind
Just this side of the Fort The wind
at the Heads caught their voices and
carried them out to sea. Beyond the
Golden Gate the fog waited and they
slipped into the mist like ships that
pass in dreams.
SERIOUS BLUNDER OF
TWO POLICEMEN
INNOCENT BOYS DRAGGED INTO
THE POLICE COURT.
Emile Schmidt and John Hanley Con
victed by Judge Low With
out the Formality of a
Trial.
Through the blundering methods of
Police Officers King and Young of the
Seventeenth-street station two innocent
boys were thrown In jail last Monday
night for obstructing the sidewalk. Their
names are Emlle Schmidt and George
Hanley. 'They belong to the League of
the Cross Cadets and are held In high
esteem by the officers of that organiza
tion.
On the night of their unwarranted ar
rest the b*oys were returning from the
headquarters of the League of the Cross
Cadets. When they reached Church and
Twenty-fifth streets on the way home
they noticed- the policemen chasing a j
crowd of boys. Schmidt and Hanley
stood on the corner interested spectators
of the chase. Failing to catch the boys
whom they were after the officious po-
Ucemen. espying Hanley and Schmidt,
approached them and without attempting
to ask them for an explanation placed
them under arrest despite their protes
tations. They were taken to the Seven
teenth-street station and charged with
obstructing the sidewalk.
Their parents on being informed of
their arrest visited the station and put up
the necessary cash bail for their appear
ance in- court.
The following: day, when their cases
were called In Judge Low's court, the
boys were, adjudged guilty without the
formality of a trial.
Policeman King, shortly after court con
vened, whispered to Judge Low that he
was anxious to secure a conviction, as he
realized he had made a mistake and the
boys parents would prefer charges
against him with the Police Commission
ers, me boys were ready to establish
their innocence but for some unexpla!:-* ■■'
reason Judpo Lnw found them guilty and
imposed a fine of |6 each.
The father of the Hanley boy Is par
ticularly indignant over the action of the
polio-men, and he intends to make them
answer for their serious blunder at the
next meeting of the Police Commissioners
DEMOCRATS ORGANIZE.
A Club Formed in the Thirty-
Ninth District at Saratoga
Hall.
The Democrats of the Thirty-ninth Dis
trict met last night at Saratoga Hall for
the purpose of perfecting an organiza
tion. The' roll was opened, and from the
number, of Democrats who availed them
selves of the opportunity of ; signing ; it Is
evident that the coming campaign ; in the
Thirty-ninth ; District will be ' a lively one.
The following is a list of the officers
elected: y:
John J. Pnrrett, president; James F. Ford
vice-president;- William .1. . Carlln, recording
secretary: E. P. Casserly, correapgndtng Mort"
tarv: Sol Kainpe, . treasurer; John Cnrew, -s»t
geant-at-arms;-executive committee, John : Mo«
ran,' Ed. Healy, E. ; H.-Casserly, A. n. Gnrnett '
'J. J. Kennedy, John Shlnkwln, John Curow
"James F. Ford, A. Kniruiu.-I, William J.Ciulin'
Godfrey -Fisher. Dr.-K, B. 11111, Sol Ktunne"
Frank Malloyo, Dr. H. Pro«ohold, : liobert Mur
ray.T Frank * Bent, Charles; Mcohnn, Hurry rJ
Anson. M. P. Clarkson, IV O. Rellly,
Resolutions were. adopted' ihrtornln«r the
County Committeo .of one ': hundred an«
pointed by the Democratic Stato Commit
tee; ; also- Indorsing the ; administration of
Governor Ifudd auU May vf I'liwUu,
MANILA'S POSTMASTEB AND ASSISTANT.
George P. Conway and Edward M. Kelly, Who Sailed on
the China to Take Charge of the Mails of the
Philippines.
The accompanying portrait of Mr. Conway and his assistant, Mr. Kelly, who
go to Manila to organize the postal service as soon as such a thing is possible, Is
reproduced from a photograph that was taken on board the steamer China yes
terday by an amateur on board and finished and mounted before the vessel sailed.
The photograph was given to a member of The Call staff with the request that
It be delivered to Mr. Conway's mother. It is with that lady's permission that
The Call reproduces it.
TIGHTS WORN
AT WELLESLEY
Classic Shades Caused
to Blush.
FAIR GRADUATES IN A PLAY
APPEAR IN SHAKESPEAREAN
ROLES IN COSTUME.
However Much Classic Boston May
Be Shocked, the Performanca
Was Pleasing to Spec
tators.
Special Dispatch "to The Call.
BOSTON, June 15.— The shades of
classic Wellesley blushed to-night as
they never did before. For the first
time in the history of the famous
strait-laced old Puritanical institu
tion the young lady students appeared
to-night before a mixed audience in
tights, real, unadulterated tights, the
self-same wicked garments in which
the naughty chorus girls do their high
kicking in the ballet. It is a shocking
comparison, but a truthful one, al
though, of course, the Wellesley girls
didn't kick.
The occasion of this was the startling
but charming exhibition of the graces
of "A Midsummer Night's Dream" by
the Shakespearean society of the col
lege. Not only was this method of cos
tuming an astonishing innovation at
Wellesley, but it is absolutely unprece
dented in the history of the high-class
female .seminaries ofthe entire country.
Never before have any of the fair pu
pils of any of the famous colleges dis
played their charms in tights to an au
dience composed of both sexes.
The play was out of dc-ors to-night,
and as it was quite chilly and damp the
young actresses shivered in their scant
attire. The use of tights to-night is
defended by those in charge on the
ground that to costume male charac
ters In any other than the masculine
dress serves but to accentuate the
prudish modesty of the actress and to
exhibit, in fact, a false modesty unnec
essary. But however shocked "the Bos
ton bluestockings will be and whatever
amazement the critics may voice, the
fact cannot be contradicted that the
spectacle was a must beautiful one, and
that the young women turned the
greensward into a veritable fairy bower
ami presented a most charming and ac
ceptable rendition-of the play to an au
dience whose ardor was not in the least
dampened by the fact that the girls
wore tights.
Under Police Protection.
Fred Smith, Street, swore to a
complaint in Judge I^ow's court yester
day for the arrest of Martin Racxett
poolroom proprietor, on the charge of
battery. Smith alleged that Raggett met
him Tuesday and, after accusing him of
giving information to the detectivos by
whom he was protected, knocked him
down and thrashed him.
Boston expects Its new seven-mile line
°ol aytobebulltatacost
..■■■■■■■:'; V _^ DVEBTI3EIIENTS
' \\\V%i^/>^/' A SOLDIER
W^i™^/; CIIRFHt
' ''■''' ' ' ! ''•'" '''' lV Sl >N * ''■•■'^'"-
fjf^W j| tf ffW*^^ 1 ' - ""'" I; 1 '! ' lll "!"' r - w liiit- at Fnrt
■ * ' — f da "I n"hU| I D 1 1 1 Av llxTf^ " no " f V " IU ' f <>'n"iiM "hr. Piorco's
■ ■ ' jl 4M3aaSlMili!Mi .•>'- ■.•;::. k:k
If '■ f --- rio <Ot «mr l nf t «>'" fur Hh e umntl! "n.
, ' iJHtjWv Bj '"/■ H " x luonthH my complaints ontirely
w\/\-~ w^S - l9n iHMLv^tif? '' <>*^ ;' H "lT'*P r *'.\i n " d ' havo not been
A JV^^H§WT "•" B*SKvk I 1",'I 1 ",' •'•l"«Mrlo r rum'm" Si 3S i 3
y^\ r^,i^\Vv\.;V'\\ lMo V .V» Klcotflc n«« to all suffer-
/ 7- \ WiX'A V,X'V\ >'' « .JOHN IV ANDERSON.
' / -■■■■/ n \C*V \\ \ *'- R " ki <>n\..« or" writ* for our
_._- ■"■„■ YY N > * fv^"!U>ok No. a, I',1 ', Address •
PIERCE EUCTRIC CO,; 020 MiiikNi Stfdot (ojpjposlis Palace Hotel), Sad FraDclsco.
HOBSON TO
BE EXCHANGED
Blanco Duly Authorized
to Proceed.
COMMISSIONED BY MADRID.
HERO OF SANTIAGO BAY WILL
BE PROMOTED.
President Recommends That the Offi
cer Be Advanced Ten Numbers
for His Extraordinary
Bravery.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADRID, June 15. — ihe Government
has authorized Governor General
Blanco to entertain proposals for an
exchange of Lieutenant Hobson and the
other prisoners taken when the Ameri
can collier Merrimac was sunk off the
entrance to the harbor of Santiago de
Cuba.
NEW YORK, June 15.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Presi
dent McKinley will to-morrow send to
the Senate the nomination of Rich
mond Hobson to be advanced ten num
bers for extraordinary heroism.
This will be the reward which the
young assistant naval constructor Is to
receive. Its immediate effect -will be
to advance him to the grade of naval
constructor with the relative rank of
full lieutenant and place him in a po
sition where two years hence he will be
promoted to the relative rank of com
mander, a rank which he could not
have obtained had it not been for his
display of heroism, until 1922. His pay
will at once be increased 51000 a year.
What Hobson will probably regard as
the highest reward, however, will be
the fact that he will become a senior
officer of the corns in 1904, and hold the
position until 1932, when he will go on
the retired list.
OPENING OF THE
PERUVIAN CONGRESS
President Pierola Hopes That the
Flag of Peru Will Again
Float Over the Province
of Arica.
Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gordon ' Bennett.
LIMA. Peru, June 15.— Congress opened
to-day in the presence of the Judges, all
members of the diplomatic corps and an
immense gathering of notable people.
President Pierola read his presidential
message. In which he said the Peruvian
flag would soon float n.qain in the prov
ince of Arlca and he fully recognized the
rectitude of the negotiations with Chile.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
New York— Sailerl— Majestic, Liverpool; Nord
land. Antwfrp: America. London. Arrived—
CaUlina. Hamburg:.
LJVERPOOI» Snilod— Nnmadie, New Tork.
QUEENSTOWN- Sailed Catalonia. Boat On.
SOUTHAMPTON Balled Trave, New York.PREPARING
A ROYAL
RECEPTION
Minnesota Troops to
Be Honored Guests.
THOUSANDS WILL CHEERTHEM
SOLDIERS TO BE FEASTED BY
THE rOHUM CLUB.
Money Sent to Manila by the Red
Cross Society to Be Used in
Kursing Sick and
Wounded.
Mrchanlcs" LTiUon is being beautifully
<Jeonmtc.J in i reparation for the magnifi
cent reception to bo given to the boys in
blue ,froi:i ineaota to-morrow evening
under the auspices of the Mechanics' ln
stitute in aid of the Red Cross Society.
the occasion will long bo remembered in
thl3 ty, owing to the magnitude of the
affair. Thousands will fill the immense
pavilion and cheer the troops that are
toon to take their departure to the fever
stricken shores of Manila and re-enforce
the alifornia regiments. The commlt
tees in charge ot the event are working
energetically, and from reports there can
hv no doubt that Buccess will crown their
efforts. Colonel Heeve has prepared a
number of military evolutions which will
show the [-drilled and completely
equipped regiment off to best advantage.
The men are in excellent shape, and will
b<e brought from camp on the cars of the
i.'arkfi-ptre^t railway freo of charge. As
>a further example of California hospi
tality the ladles of the Forum Club are
I'lvparing an excellent Bupper for the
boynj •• I^ong tables tastefully decorated
with flowers have been placed in ma
chinery hall, and dainties of every de
scription will L"; placed before the honored
guests. The ladies of the well-known and
exclusive organization will personally
trad to the wants vi" the soldiers. The
Governor and his staff •> HI be invited, as
will Mayor Phelcn, General Merrltt and
other distinguished soldiers and civilians
now in .our n.icsL
Another instance of the valuable work
beicg done by the ladies of the Red Cross
Society was given yt-sterday when the
society sent $300 to Manila by the steam
"slnp Oh'ina in care of Brigadier-General
(Jreene's aid. The money will be turned
oy*t to A. Parker Lewis and C. M.
"VVaaße, two expert nurses who volun
t**ic-«i their services to the society and
who were sent to Manila along with Call
fornia's hope and pride. When the steam
er Belgic sails she will carry $700 more,
all of which will be used by the represen
tatives* of the beneficent organization in
caring for the sick and wounded.
Thy "following donations were received
yesterday by Mrs. E. W. McKinstry of
the State department:
aicramentu — 145 nacb bandages and S3
enutt-gency ' bandages. 5 .r. KafaW — 24 sheets,
-piDow caet-s. 541 bandages, 3S caps. 6 night
shirts. 12 towels, 67 ipita bandages, 203
conilort 0a*?&, 12U Esmach bandages and bolt
of ch*t*e cloth. Saa Jose — Z cases of Jellies
and 1 largt case of dried .'•.. Napa — C ban
<i<Lg*s and 174 comfort bags. Biggs— 24 bon
dages. Ant'.och— l box of books. Sacramento —
254 Ynuvia*. -:», i*j caps, 1 box aoap. 1 can malted
milk. 1 box of cotton and 148 ticks. Mill Val
ley—S7 comfort bafTS and 60 bandages. Angels
cin.p — rollwd bandages, SS ticks and 35
abdominal lancia^es.
The OJifornia ll*d Cross State organization
reports the following donations: Sausalito Red
Cr>ss Society — Initiation fee, $10. San Jose
'K>ri Cross Society — Initiation fee and badges,
XZ. ?an Rafael ... Cross Society— s62 50. Ne
va^'Red Cr«.H3 Society — Initiation fee, $10. San
J.u:s Obispo Red Cross Society — $I.to. Woman's
P.-lief Corps No. 20 of Sebastopol— s2o.
.The "following Red Cross branches in cities
J^ve paid their lniUatlon fee of $10 to the State
Society and are now regularly recognized aux
i::iiries: San Francirco. Oakland, San Rafael,
Visalia. San L«?andro. Bau«allto. -««vada City,
Saa Jose, San ilateo and Napa.
A collection of $2i» was taken up among
tbe employes of the Western Sugar Refinery
aT the Potrero for the benefit of the society.
The ReJ Cross fund Is rtlll rising. At a late
h'jur yesterday it was $13,461 56. The following
subscriptions caused the increase: Gladding,
Moßean & Co., $10; Oliver Hldridge. $10; Will
iam H. Marsttoi. $10; J. O. Jackson, $10; fair
held by Schivalt Maguire and Miss Banks,
$4 (6; John Swe'.t Grammar School, sixth dona
tion, $63; Grant school, additional subscrip
tion, $2 XA: Iltarst Grammar school, additional
f.::bscrlpttori, %1 80; donations on advertising
h7 Call, $£?.
CHAMPION GREYHOUNDS.
Protest Dogs in the State Will Run
at Union Coursing Park
Saturday.
Groat sport may certainly be expected |
at Union Coursing Park on Saturday and
Sunday. The gTeat champion stake,
which will be contested for by the fastest
dogs In the State and a non-winners j
stake should be very attractive features.
It is expected that a surprisingly large
crowd will attend Saturday's coursing
ine«t. The result of last evening's draw
ins is as follows:
Champion Ftak° — J. H. Ros»etter's Metallic
vs. E. V. Sullivan's False Flatterer; E. V.
Sullivan's Sky-tall vs. D J. Healey's Rusty
Gold; T. J. Mclnerney'a Rosie R vs. George
"Whitney's Theron; J. H Rojmetter's For Free
dom vs. Curtis & S Tin' Rosi-Ue.
Non-winner's stal'.e— Tic-Tac vs. Minneapo
lis; Dainy Crest vs. Black Pete; Blanche vs.
Qlepstone; -ylvla vs. Crosspatch, Bend Alon%
vs. Old Glory; Mercury vs. Meta; Border's
Valciiilno vs. Bonita: Benecia Boy vs. Morn
ing Glory; Belmont vs. Wlnona; Mol
lli ■ .a. One Spot; Oleen vs. Black
«tte: Master Glenkirk vs. Glen Boy; Mar
cella v*. Minerva; Chiquita V 3. Wayfarer;
Wtldflower vs. Sportsman; Quiver vs. Jennie
rcanc; l>o Me vs. B(.T.d1«o; Miller's Maid vs.
Flashlight: O'Grady va Jessie Muore; Sylvanus
vs. J.>«?|.i Maid; White Lily. vs. Myrtle: Arrow
vb. Little Dottle; Little Doubt vs. Wheel of
Fortune; McKinley vs. Van Knapp; Madge
Wildfire v«. Forget; Wave ',-s. Buckwa; Mys
tery vs. Johnnie H: Klondike vs. Chit Chat:
I >r." Norman vs. Promise Me; Vanity Fair vs.
Rapid: The Gossoon vs. Van Ne-Ja, Sunolite
vs. Tod Sloan; L. S. Conley vs. Firenzi; Leo
nora vg. Wait A Little: Mission Boy vs. Com
modore; Santa I.ilia vs. Lady Campbell.
The total amount of money which will
tve run for by don entered for the cham
pion stake is $550 and 1700 for the non
v.lnners stake, making a grand total of
JliGO for two days' coursing.
"With Dewey at Manila," and pic
tures taken from photographs of the
great naval battle, by Joseph L.
Stickney, the special war correspond
ent of The Call, who stood on the
bridge of the flagship Olympia dur
ing the fight. — In next Sunday's Call.
New" Phase in the Jones Cnse.
Henry N. Beatty and George H. Fran
filed suit yesterday against Joseph
Hutchlnson and (Jertrude K. Jones to re- j
$25,000 each for libel and defama- |
i. Mrs. Jones was suing
! or husband fur divorce some time ago
d In her complaint made charges re
n the character of the plain- j
HLui ihlnson Is implicated. It Is al
implaint filed yesterday, In
publication <>l the reports com
i-lained of.
THE CRYSTAL, SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming baths. North Beach.
Argument in the Emeric Case.
Judge Troutt was occupied yesterday
sftern&on hearing argument in the Eu-
Emeric.wll! contest relative to a
m tot special letters of a<lministra
. demurrer. , to thr* amended contest
andf a motjon to"' strike out the answer
to the upended contest. Patrick
Reddy, representing the proponent in the
. 111 1 a ■ J not concluded his argument
w h«n -court adjourned. The case will be
taken up this morning at 10:30
o'clock.
Try the •"Koh-I-Noor" lead pencil and
yo»* will have no further use for others. •
A PLAY BY GENERAL KING,
The Author-Soldier's "Fort Fraune" Will Be
Presented bu the Frawleys.
On June 27 the Frawley company will produce "Fort Frayne," a new
military play from the pen of Brigadier General Charles King, who is now
In this city under General Merritt. "Fort Frayne" has appeared on the
boards in one other Instance, an engagement In Chicago last year, when It
ran for four consecutive weeks and was withdrawn only to make room for
other contracted plays on which a time for production had been set. The
story. "Fort Frayne," was written from the play, contrary to the usual
custom, and it is but an amplification of it with the necessary addition of
Incidents that a novel demands.
"Yes, 1 first wrote the play," said General King yesterday in dis
rupting the forthcoming presentation at the hands of the Frawleys. "It
seemed to tnke so well when played in Chicago that I determined to write a
novel, using the plot and action of the play. 'Fort Frayne' ran four weeks
in Chicago during the very hottest weather, and all we intended for it was
a two weeks" presentation. The scene is laid In Wyoming, and tue back
ground is the barrack life on the frontier. It Is romance, a tale of love,
heroism and villainy. Though it is a military play It is one without a fight.
My characters are pretty well classified into three groups. In the play
there is one bad man, and he is bad, seven good men and five women, all of
whom are angels. I think the play furnishes some very stirring incidents
and I hope it will please the San Francisco public."
An elaborate production will be given by the Frawley company, both in
the staging and the accessories. "Fort Frayne" is replete with rousing
situations and in som* cases is melodrama of a high order. The story is one
of the hairbreadth adventures of field and flood and escapes in the deadly
imminent breach and all thereto pertaining. There Is a scene where an
officer stems the current to reach his bride's side like Troilus and Cressida
of old. Excitement there is in abundance, but no battle of any description
other than the fierce meetings of the villain and the hero. The villain is
of high degree and the only blot on a proud escutcheon. For four acts he
makes life miserable fur the young captain, the hero, and the heroine, who
is one of the five angelic women the play contains.
It is very doubtful whether General King will be in this city when the
piny Is produced. On the first night the author-soldier may be riding the
salty deep with the reality of war about him, and not in a box watching
his creations moving about on a stage set with a military dressing.
CORONER HAD
A BUSY DAY
Three Suicides Engage
His Attention.
I. DANGLADA SHOT HIMSELF.
SAMUEL CLINE ENDS HIS LIFE
WITH PRUSSIC ACID.
Physicians Try to Resuscitate an
Unknown Drowned Man at
the Harbor Hos
pital.
Three suicides engaged the attention of
the Coroner's office yesterday. The most
prominent of the trio was IgnaHo Dang
lada, a well-known customs broker who
shot himself through the heart at his resi
dence, 2021 Broderick street. Nervous
prostration brought on by overwork is
attributed by his family as a cause for
ending his existence.
J. L. Tierney. his son-in-law, stated that
he spoke to the dec-eased five minutes bo
fore the fatal shot was fired. When he
heard the report he ran to his father-in
law's room and found him dead.
The deceased was 52 years of age and
well known in business circles. He was a
member of the firm of Mattoon & Dang
lada, custom brokers, doing business at
506 Battery street. During the past week
he has been under the care of hla
daughter and has been slightly out of his
mind. No thought was given to the pos
sibility of his taking his life, and the act
has shocked the family. He leaves a son,
Arthur F., and a daughter, Mrs. J. L.
Tierney.
Samuel Cllne, a retired tailor, living at
Sacramento street, was found on
Btrawberry Hill yesterday with a bottle
of prussic acid at his side and a card fas
tened to his coat and bearing the follow
ing inscription: "My name is Samuel Cline
and I live at 1002 Sacramento Btreet."
His body was removed to the morgue
and his family notitled.
They can assign no reason whatever for
the deed. He left the house early in the
morning apparently in good spirits and
gave no sign of what he intended doing.
It is thought, however, that he became
discouraged at the continued illness of h|s
daughter and took his life to ease his
mind. Cllne was well-to-do, owning his
home and having other property. He
leaves two sons and three daughters.
The body of an unknown man was found
yesterday morning floating off Mission
street wharf, and was tied to a pile while
awaiting the arrival of the Coroner's dep
uty with the Morgue wagon. When the
body was taken out of the water Deputy
Coroner O'Brien noticed that there was a
pulsation in the neck of the supposed
corpse and at once removed the body to
the Harbor Emergency Hospital where
the physician worked for fifteen mirfutes
in the effort to resusticate the man, but
he was too far gone, and was taken to thu
morgue and placed on the "unidentified"
slab. The body is that of a man about
40 or 45 years of age, fair romnlexinn.
sandy hair and mustache and light blue
eyes. He appeared to be a Sctt-farmg
man.
NORMAL CLASS GRADUATES.
Interesting Commencement Exercises
at the Girls' High School.
There was a large audience at the Girls'
High School last night to witness and
hear the graduating exercises of the San
Francisco Normal School. Nearly a hun
dred young ladies completed their studies
creditably and received their diplomas
last night. The exercises were interest
ing throughout and had the merit of be
ing brief enough to preserve the good
humor of the audience. The essays were
quite Interesting and the musical pro
gramme was often encored. Superintend
ant Webster had general charge of the
exercises of the evening.
A Decision on State Bonds.
Samuel Davis held a number of Cali
fornia State securities known as "Indian
War Bonds," to which several coupons
were attached. These bonds had reached
their maturity. The Board of Examiners
refused to allow the interest on the
coupons since maturity and Davis sued
the State for the same. In the lower court
he was allowed judgment for the face
value of the coupons, but the court de
nied him relief as to the interest proposi
tion. From this he appealed and yester
day the Supreme Court affirmed the judg
ment of the lower court.
Will Pay at Once.
The following telegram has been re
ceived by C. 11. Wilson, local agent for
the Fidelity Surety Company, the com
pany which Insured Wldber, from C. 11.
Warfield, its president.
"Wire me to whom I shall make check
payable and the exact amount. I desire
to mail the check to-day."
This means that the money will be here
In about five days. The amount is $100,
000 with Interest for forty-eight days.
Trouble Over Raisins.
The Supreme Court has affirmed the de
cision and Judgment of the Superior Court
of Fresno County in the case of H. Ava
kian against George B. Noble & Bro.,
raisin packers. It was an action to re
cover damages for trespass committed by
the Nobles in seizing a quantity of raisins
owned by the plaintiff. Avaklan's grow
ing crop of grapes had been sold to the
Nobles, secured by a chattel mortgage.
An agent of the packers while on the
plaintiff's premises discovered a lot of
raisins which be seized by force, despite
THE SAEf FRAK CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 16, 1898.
the protest of Avakian that they were not
uf the lot upon which- the Nobles had a
claim. It was necessary to use force in
making the seizure and in the lower court
the aggrieved one sued for $2300 damages,
although the value of the raisins seized
waa only $300. He received judgment for
$525 and from this the Nobles appealed.
The higher court held that the punitive
damages were not excessive.; that the
Nobles were responsible for the acts of
their agent, and the judgment was af
iirmed.
PHARMACEUTICAL GRADUATES.
Thirty-Seven Young Men Receive
Diplomas at the College of
Pharmacy.
Thirty-seven bright young men received
the title of graduate in pharmacy at the
California College of Pharmacy last
evening. This is the largest class that
has ever been graduated from the school,
and is probably the last one to be gradu
att-d from the building at 113 Fulton
Btreet, as the college will probably be oc
cupying apartments in the Affiliated Col
leges building by this time next year.
The exercises, which were brief and of
a most informal character, opened with
an address by Professor w. M. Searby.
This was followed by a valedictory de
livered by Professor Arg^nte and Presi
dent Kellogg of the University of Cali
fornia conferred the degree upon the can
didates and presented them with certill
). The list of graduates is as follows:
Ellard Albert Aitnew, Harry Mllllnston An
gpll, Kmile Charles Armand. William Baum
rarten, Edward Emery BaumeiPt^r. Harry
Herschel Beaurhamp, AVllfrPd Fenton Beer
man, Jacob William Behrendt, Fred Abner
Blackburn, Waltf-r David Brio's. Willis Har
old Collins. Carl Herbert Conradi, Arthur John
Dibert, I.*>uig Doerr, Frank Alexander Gamble,
Earl Norman Greenwood, Clinton Devillo
Hakes, Louis dive Jacobs, Clalr Vfrnon Kee
nan, Leonard Sumner Leavy, Frank Edsar
Lockwood. Charles Raymond McNulty Will
ißm V Otto, Krnstus Otis Pendleton. Fre<lo
riok William Ruhser, Victor Louis Schaffer,
Andrew Franklin Shideler, Robert Gral'ton
BhoUlU, Henry Herman Slebe, Ernest Leroy
-smith. George William Su-etrtser, Llda Louise
Tatcott, FrwWlck William Turner. Harold
V. ah*. Edward Otis Webb. George Edward
Williams. Frederick H. Zumwalt
DIPLOMAS AWARDED
CONVENT GRADUATES
COMMENCEMENT EXERCISES OF
THE DOMINICAN ACADEMY.
An Interesting Programme Is Ren
dered by the Graduating Stu
dents — Names of Those
Honored.
The thirteenth Rnnual commencement'
exercises of the Academy of the Immac
ulate Conception were held yesterday af
ternoon at the Academy Hall on Guerrero
street, under the auspices of the Domini
can Sisters. The little exhibition hall was
crowded to its utmost capacity with a
large and appreciative audience of friends
and relatives of the young lady grad
uates. Among those who were awarded
Bpecial honors for scholarship and high
standing were Mls;s Mary Jones, Misa
Teresa Cunningham, Miss Barbara
Schmitzer, Miss Regina Erwin, Miss
Annie Lang, Miss Lilian de Paris and
Miss Sophie Stroetgen.
A well-arranged and Interesting pro
gramme was rendered, under the direction
of the sisters, and consisted of the follow
ing selections: "March Triumphal,"
Mi.»;es H. Erwin and M. Jones; "Angels
Are Watching Us," chorus; recitation,
"The Night Wind," elocution class; "The
Little Orchestra, our boys; recitation.
"Sweet Music Power," second elocution
class. Waltz, "Campondonico." First
mandolins, Misses T. Powers, I. Buckley
and Guinau; second mandolins, Misses M
Keneally, A. McDevitt and N. Cunahan;
third mandolins, Misses A. Dowd, M. !
Flynn and H. Kayser; guitars, Misses M.
Jones, A. Buckley and R. Reichmath;
violin. Miss R. Erwin; pianos, Misses B.
Schmitzer and M. Black. "Soft Fell the
Dews of the Summer Nigfit," chorus; se
lections. "Bendel," Misses R. Erwin, D.
Reinholdt, M. Jones and B. Schmitzer;
recitation, "The Daughter of Jairus."
Quickstep, "Raconoveir." First mando
lins. Misses M. Keneally, A. Dowd, M.
Cunahan and H. Kayser; second mando
lins. Misses T. Powers, I. Bucklev A. Mc-
Devitt and M. Flynn; pianos M<sses M
Slnnot and M. Black; violin. Miss R. Er
win; guitars, Misses M. Jones, A. Buck
ley and R. Reichmath. "Aye Sanctis
sima," chorus.
Studies will be resumed at the academy
on August 8, and young ladies desirous of
matriculating will present their applica
tions immediately on the commencement
of next term.
The Thirty-First District.
Fully 3200 of those interested in politics
attended the meeting of the Thirty-first
District Democratic Club held last night
at Teutonia Hall. C. J. Gallagher, who
presided, had arranged for some ex
cellent orations and numerous musical
features. The meeting was altogether a
pleasant and successful one. Next Wed
nesday evening was set for the date of
the next meeting.
Rights of a Justice.
A decision was rendered yesterday In
the suit of J. Peters against Justice of
the Peace Groezinger by Judge Seawell.
The court found that the presiding Jus
tice of the Peare had a right to transfer
a case from another Justice upon the
filing of an uflidavit of prejudice. The
case grew out of the action <*f Groezlnger
in transferring the Peters case from Jus
tice Cook's court.
Lecture by Father Augustine.
Rev. Father Augustine of the Church
of St. Boniface, Golden Gate avenue,
near Leavenworth, will deliver a lecture
at St. Francis' Church Friday evening on
the subject of "The Devotion to the Sa
cred Heart." As the lecture will be of
interest and Instruction to Catholics and
the public generally a large attendance
Is expected. ,
In the Divorce Courts.
Fannie Kelly was granted a divorce
from Ernest Kelly yesterday on the
ground of willful neglect. Judge Dunne
granted Sarah Hayes a divorce from J.
Hayes on the ground of willful neglect.
Betßey J. Balrd was granted a divorce
from A. J. Balrd on the ground of de
sertion.
FAKE SUICIDE
AT THE PALACE
Walter D. Humiston Says
He Took Poison.
BUT COULD NOT HOLD IT
SENT A CHECK TO PAY FOB HIS
CREMATION.
Kept Two Ounces of Laudanum in
His System Until Morning and
Was Roasted by the Coroner
for Being an Ass.
When Coroner Hawkins opened his
morning mail yesterday he found a letter
reading as follows:
Palace Hotel, San Francisco, Cal., June 14,
1888.
The Coroner, San Francisco, Cal.— Dear Sir:
Tou will find my remains in room 766 of the
Palace Hotel if there is any virtue in a cou
ple of ounces of laudanum.
Enclosed you will (md ny- check on the First
National Bank for *7R, with which I want you
to have my body cremated. The ashes you
may hold for inet ructions from my mother,
Mrs. Hattie A. Humtston, 809 East Fifteenth
street. Minneapolis. Minn. I want no services
of any kind.
If you find jroa have more funds than you
need, please forward the money to my mother.
I have been in California about a year and
HE FLIRTED WITH DEATH.
WALTER D. HUMISTON, Whose Arranged Suicide
Did Not Come Off According to Programme.
have always been a good deal of a wanderer.
The ptust two months I have spent in Stockton.
Now, for one reason and another. I am tired
of it all and want a rest— only that.
I am not actuated by disappointment, love or
financial embarrassment, nor have I a past
which I am trying to escape that would make
interestiiiK reudlng.
My life has been quite the ordinary one, ex
cept, perhaps, that 1 have hnd too much hap
piness, which I have not appreciated. Just
a case, my dear sir, ot one very tired and
perhapß a little cynical.
Insane, you will say. Perhaps; why not
let it rest that way. sinct? people must have an
explanation of some kind?
By to-morrow friends will be aware of what
I have done and may want to look at me
again, therefore I would ask that you hold
me for a day or two before cremating me.
I deprecate your trouble and thank you In
advance. Cordially youre,
WALTER D. HUMISTON.
Deputy Coroner McCormlck at once set
out for the Palace Hotel and made in
quiry' for Humiston at the clerk's desk.
He was informed that a man of that name
had taken a room on the evening before
and was still there. The deputy and his
clerk went upstairs and entered the room,
where they found Humison on the bed
waiting for cremation. Ho was dressed,
but was in his stocking feet, in accord
ance with the California prejudice against
the act of dying with boots on. The
corpse looked perfectly fresh and natural,
and when Mr. McCormlck approached the
bed the dead man slowly raised a wan
and tearful face, expressive of great fa
tigue and disgust, and gave vent to a
sickly groan.
"You're a nice fellow," remarked Mc-
Cormick, in a tone that expressed much
disgust, as the expression of the face of
the fake suicide. "What are you up to?"
A groan was the reply.
The fake corpse saw that an apology
was necessary, and he therefore sat up
in bed and explained that at 11 o'clock on
the evening before he had swallowed the
contents of a bottle of laudanum, but that
his stomach had rejected the poison. He
had done all he couid to carry out the in
tention expresed In his letter, but, while
his spirit was willing, his stomach was
weak, and greatly to his dlsgu6t and dis
appointment he had remained alive.
Humiston is a young man of about 22 or
23 years of age. He professed to be tired
of life and was evidently desirous of
notoriety. After putting on his shoes he
called a coupe and drove to the Coroner's
office to recover a check which he had en
closed in the letter to the Coroner. The
check was on a blank form of the First
National Bank.
To the reporters Humiston said that he
was tired of life, and that he was dis
pleased that the drug had not had the de
sired effect. It was not believed at the
Coroner's office that Humiston took the
poison at all, but that he had thrown the
contents of the bottle away. It was sus
pected that his queer actions were de
signed for the purpose of melting the
heart of Borne obdurate woman who had
declined to love him. He said that while
he did not desire to live he had changed
his nllnd for the present and would leave
for Stockton on the afternoon boat.
During the afternoon Humiston walked
into the Coroner's office and introducing
himself asked for the return of his check.
The Coroner declined to recognize him as
Humiston. He reminded the visitor that
Humiston was legally dead and that
therefore he could not be the rightful
owner of the check. Then the. alleged
suicide was put through a rigorous cross
examination. He told the Coroner that he
went to the Tivoli last Tuesday evening
and that after he went to room 766 in the
hotel, wrote the letter he sent to the
Coroner and then took the poison.
The upshot of the examination was that
the check remained at the Morgue office
for want of proper identification of the
owner of it.
STOCKTON, June 15.— Humister is a
consumptive, who came to this coast a
year and a half ago from his home in
Minneapolis. He was in Stockton for a
few days on a visit to a friend, and left
for San Francisco yesterday. Little is
known of him here.
Ladles' tailor-made suits; latest : denlgns; w*
*ivm cradit. < M. Rotbscblld. JU Butter, r. 6 * T.
SKAGUAY WILL
HAVE A ROAD
Six Thousand Men to
Be Employed.
THE COUNTRY MALIGNED
HOW JUSTICE IS DISPENSED
AND WELCOMED.
W. F. Berry, Who Has Just Returned
From tiie Northwest Territory,
Gives Observations of
His Trip.
W. F. Berry, an observing and progres
sive business man of San Francisco, re
turned yesterday morning from a trip to
Alaska and the Northwest Territory- He
pictures the Territory as prosperous, and
does not corroborate the stories of law
lessness and disaster which frequently
come from the north.
Speaking of his journey yesterday, Mr.
Berry remarked:
"I think it is due to the people of Cali
fornia to know the truth concerning af
fairs in that region of country. I left
San Francisco the first week in April, and
went to Seattle. From the sound I went
to Skaguay on the Queen, touching at
the regular ports. Affairs at Skaguay
have been misrepresented. I believe the
town has a promising future. There are
merchants in the place who transact
business on business principles. They
have good credit, as I know from Eastern
■ houses. There are stores in Skaguay that
| would be creditable to any city in Cali
fornia outside of San Francisco and Oak
land. One going there for business and
attending to business is as safe in Skag
uay as in Oakland. The rough side is
very rough indeed, but one is not bound
to run against it."
In regard to the progress of Skaguay,
Mr. Berry observed: "Water mains have
been put in, connecting the town with a
lake supply of excellent water. House
connections have not been put in, but the
pure water is delivered in carts and sold
at 5 cents a bucket. A railway is in
course of construction from the town to
Whie Pass. Three miles have been con
structed, and 300 men are now at work.
| The company is advertising for 6000 men.
It is announced that the line will be com
pleted to Lake Bennett early next Novem
ber. The construction parties can work
twenty hours a day through the summer. ,
"I went over the White Pass on foot,"
j said Mr. Berry, "and there is more than
' a trail from Skaguay to the summit— it
is a road over which one may travel
without much inconvenience. It is an
easy walk as life on the frontier goes
from Skaguay to the White Pass Hotel.
I saw rough men, 'sure thing' gamblers
and bad characters on the road, but if one
lets them alone they are not inclined to
interfere. 1 went into the Northwest Ter
ritory about fourteen miles from the head
of Lake Bennett, and I do want to cay
for the Northwest mounted police under
the authority of the Canadian Govern
ment that they administer justice im
partially, and under their influence a
man's life is safe and his property is pro
| tected. . I am a loyal American and have
] as high a regard for American institu
j tlons as any other one, but I must say
that the administration of affairs by the
Canadian authorities is superior to that
in Alaska where the United States Gov
ernment and the Territorial officers ex
ercise authority. The Canadian officer in
command has absolute. authority. He ad
ministers Justice, extends help to the
weak and gives protection to all with
out regard to nationality. If a man is
cheated or defrauded the one who per
petrates the fraud is brought before
Major Steele to answer for the wrong
doing. For example, a carrier may con
tract with a principal agent of a party
for carrying goods from the summit to
the lake. The carrier goes to the place
appointed according to the contract, but
does not find the principal. When the
two meet some days later the carrier
says: 'I was there at the appointed time
to receive your goods, but you were not
there as per agreement- The principal
replies: 'I found a man who tooK in the
goods for a lower rate.' The carrier then
submits the facts to Major Steele. A de
tail of police waits on the principal and
says to him: "Major Steele would like to
see you.' The principal responds, 'I have
no business with Major Steele and do not
know why I should call on him.' Later
on the principal is told firmly but cour
teously that he must see Major Steele,
and the interview soon follows. Major
Steele asks questions about the carrier's
version of the contract, and if it is
shown by all the facts elicited from both
parties that the carrier was wronged in
the transaction. Major Steele renders a
decision in this style, saying to the prin
cipal: 'Pay this man for his time and
trouble or we will confiscate your outfit,
giving one-half to the Government and
one-half to the carrier. You cannot make
a contract in this country and not live
up to it.' "
Mr. Berry, in commenting on the ad
ministration 01 justice said: "The high
est and lowest a'lkc respect the system."
According to a rough estimate made by
Mr. Berry the number of people on the
ground from the head of Linderman to
Tagish is somewhere between 27,000 and
, 30,000. The forward movement to Daw
son began May 27. Some of the parties
rushing in too soon came to grief in the
Ice half way down Lake Bennett. Not.
one man in a hundred of the whole num
ber knowF what he is going to do when
he gets to Dawson. The main purpose is
to reach the Yukon as early as possible.
Some casualties have occurred, but many
of the stories concerning the loss of life
are without foundation in fact. The re
cent report of the loss of twenty-two
lives on the Dy.ea trail is pronounced
false. The stories about a large percent
age of death from spinal meningitis are
pronounced untrue by Mr. Berry. Some
deaths have occurred from spotted fever,
but the proportion 1b not alarming. It is
estimated by parties from Dawson that
the early steamers this summer will
bring out gold to the value of $7,000,000 or
$8,000,000.
HE IS NOT A SOLDIER.
The Boy Burtan in the County Hos
pital Does Not Belong to
the Nebrabkas.
The statement that the Nebraska regi
ment left one of it§ members behind In
the City and County Hospital is not quite
correct. The young man alluded to is
known as Roy Harry Burtan of Omaha,
a druggist by profession, and who came
out to this city with the Nebraska regi
ment as a prospective recruit, but he did
not belong to the military in any way.
Shortly after his arrival here he joined
Company C of the California Rangers,
an embryo military organization, which
has not yet been accepted by either the
Federal or State authorities as an at
tachment to the army. The headquar
ters of this organization are located at
328 O'Farrell street, where Burtan lodged
last Friday in a deserted hayloft, where
he had been for three days without any
thing to eat or drink. His companions
on finding him notified the police, who
had him taken to the City and County
Hospital, where Dr. Sussdorff, the su
perintendent, finding him almost at the
brink of death, suffering from pneumo
nia, placed two nurses to wait on him and
besides telegraphed to his parents in
Omaba, who are said to be very respect
able and well to do.
The chances of his recovery yesterday
were favorable and he may yet have a
fighting chance with the Spanish in Ma
nila.
ROUNDING UP BUNKO MEN.
Six Have Promised the Police to
Leave the City Saturday.
Complaints having reached police head
quarters that bunko men were operating
on the water front and other places Cap
tain Bohen detailed Detective Graham to
hunt them up and warn them that unless
they left the city they would be arrested
and sent to jail.
Graham reported to the captain yes
terday that the following had promised
to leave the city on Saturday by the
steamer Dirigo, which sails that day for
Alaska: John O'Brien, "Kid" Roy, alias
Collins; "Swede" Nelson, alias "Big
Swede;" John King, alias "Dummy"
Kingf John "Worley and John Daley.
"SVorley and Daley are strangers here to
the police, but the others are old hands.
If they do not leave Saturday as prom
ised they will be promptly arrested.
Still Counting Cars.
Upon resuming the taking of testimony
in the injunction suit of the Southern Pa
cific Company vs. the Railroad Commis
sioners yesterday, Attorney General Fitz
gerald objected to the tedious methods of
plaintiff's attorneys in the matter of put
ting in evidence. He thought there must
be some way for the witness to call the
totals of serial numbers without naming
each car and stated that if the examina- j
tion proceeded on the present lines, he
would oppose any future application 6f
the plaintiff for extension of time when
the case goes to trial. The State's work
was then turned over to Deputy Carter.
The counting of box-cars owned by the
Central Pacific Railroad Company was
quickly concluded by the adoption of the ;
suggestion, the total announced being 3193
cars. The "gondolas," or coal cars, num
bered 290 and at the time of adjournment
978 flat-cars had been counted out of 1500.
The case will go on at 10 o'clock this
morning.
Counting Uncle's Money.
Julius Jacobs, the new assistant treas
urer of the sub-treasury on Commercial
street, was installed in his position yes
terday. The oath of office was adminis
tered by United States Treasurer Ellis H.
Roberts. C. P. Berry, who has held this
office for several years, ha-nded over the
keys and books to his successor, and re
tired to private life. Mr. Roberts and his
assistants from the Treasury Department
at Washington have commenced to count
the money in the vaults. According to the
figures of Mr. Berry there should be $40,
000,000 on hand. Since the war has been
on considerable money has been taken out
to pay the army and navy debts of Uncle
Sam. 'requisitions for the same being sent
on from Washington. It will take three
or four weeks to count all the money in
the vaults.
Hospital Expenses.
The estimates of expanses of the City
and County Hospital for the coming fiscal
year is $122.1fi0. The biggrest items are as
follows: Subsistence, $46,000; coal, $500u:
dispensary, $11,600; salaries. $33,000; new
buildings and repairs, $10, l. r >o.
AMUSEMENTS.
WHERE / fmfiafo^ \ INTOX*
OTHERS^r JbßLlBe&. \ ICAKT
I' A I !■> ff _l_l^_%_r_^_k^___K__ \V
LET IS IMPRESS IPONMHJ
that Malt-Vivine is not alone an In-
fallible tonic in blood- herve-and
stomach troubles, and a restorer
of strength, but is also a palatable,
healthful and delicious beverage'
for old and young, who are enjoy-
ing health. Used as such it sus-
tains health and is a splendid ap-
petizer.. Should be in every home.
. ALL DKUSSIBT6. v j. .'.c, /
Val'.Blatz Brewing Co.*
MILYVAUKEE.iI. S-A.*
Louis Cahen & Son, Wholesale
Dealers, 4J6-4JB Sacramento Street,
San Francisco. .
SPECIAL TRIP
Dawson.
NEW STANCH STEAMER
BRUNSU/ICK,
Sailing JUNE 30, IS9B, making direct. communi-
cation at St. Michael with our elegant river
steamer
LEON. i ;
Only a limited number of passengers taken.
Also, a tailing of the steamship
LEELANAW/
JULY 25, /8 9a.
Apply at once to
The Alaska Exploration Co.,
Liebe3 B_lding,l39 Post Street,
■-.:;•' SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
. - ... ■..■•■, .. ■=■. ■/.:■■■;.:-
W/.T.HESS,
ROTABY PUBLIC AKD ATTORNKT-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room " 1015, Claus BpreokaU Bldg. j
■ ■« .'■■-■■•■■•. '■■;. ;. Telephone Brown ML ■ -
- Rwl(J*nc«, • 821 C*l_or__ «tr»«t. below
JPowelU San Francl§n» :■-•- ■■ j
■ ADVEBTISEMENTS.
This Is the Belt
That
Restores
Weak Men
To a Robust
and
Manly
Condition.
MO!%pUANCES
i
Free Trial for
30 Days
Applicants
Examined With=
ont Charge.
DR. MEYERS,
731 Market St.
New No. 759 Market St.
Great Clearance Sale
SECpNDHAKOgjQYCLES.
FROM £3_ If\ UP. ALL MAKES.
•S* I ALL PRICES.
LEAVITT & Bl__l_,
303 LARKIN STREET.
Descriptive List Sent on Application.
gold pick: line.
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO., Agents,
609 MARKET STREET.
Beg to announce that In 'consequence of their
having chartered the steamer MORGAN CITY
to the Government they have decided to sub-
stitute the favorite, speedy and elegantly ap-
pointed steamer
HUMBOLDT
In her place in the Alaskan trade. The HUM-
BOLDT has been the favorite 6teamship run-
ning between this port and Dyea and Skaguay
this season, having made the quickest run
without accident or detention. The HTJM-
BOLDT will be dispatched from Clay-street
%vharf at 3 o'clock on
THURSDAY, JUNE 16,
And will connect at St. Michael with the
GAMECOCK and STAGHOUKD and other river
boats. The GAMECOCK and STAGHOUXD
are the most beautifully appointed river steam-
ers in the trade. Passengers holding tickets
on the steamer MORGAN CITY are requested
to call at our Market Street Passenger Office
and exchange them for tickets on the HUM-
BOLDT. For freight and passage apply to tha
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO.,
609 Market St., San Francisco; 112 Yesler Way,
Seattle.
DAWSI CITY DIRECT.
The New Passenger Steamer
DIRIGO
*- ' POSITIVELY SAILS
SATURDAY, JUNE 18, 3 P. M.
FARE $/50.
Connecting with ' ; the New Fast River Packet
CITY OF DAWSON.
Ticket Office 42 Montgomery St.
Going to the Country?
Take a KODAK with you. It's record*
will recall pleasant incidents of your vaca-
tion. Kodaks. $5 00, $35 00.
Also Poco, . Premo and other Cameras— 00,
$50 00.
Catalogues on application.
OPTICIANS< HOI >^P»R»TW.
642 Market St. i«stbuh!Hts
" UADI* CHOMICUi BUIIOINb ' ;" J ¥ V.:;-
DR.MCNULTY.
rpnis WELL-KNOWN AND RKLIABLK OL»
_. Prlvate,Ni»rvous,B:ood arid SUiii
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20yeara' experience. Send for Book, free. Pmtlents
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9to 3
<1ally;8:30 toB.i»?T'cn. S«iri(i»v-R, 10 tol2. Consulta- -
lloufree and sacredly confidential, rail oruddresi
1». ROSCOE MeXiri/ITT, M. I>V
98V Kearar S«r*el Kno I'ranclK— ftl
fl|!_jl_lj_!_
6l HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- fl
■ Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores, Ulcera ■
■In Mouth, Malr-Fallinj," Write COOK it_M- B
BBDYCO., m MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI-H
S CAGO, ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital M
B $600,0UU. Worst casea cured la ii> to 3d days. Q
■ 100-page book free. H
_____ - _ , ___ _
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonlo
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
•exes, and a great remedy for diseases of tt»
kidneys and bladder. A great RestoratiTt*
Jnvigorator - and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
123 Market Street. 8. F.— (Send for Circular.)
6LED6, BOATS. ETC.
■■' ■■ ■■ '••■ :—: — - ■ ■ ■ '' - -
ARCTIC sleds, Arctic dogs, Youkon boats, .
pilot trap* to the Klondike, Alaska, outfits, •
•team launches and stern-wheel steamer?, with,
boilers suitable Ito burn wood ; oO boats can be ■
seen at salesroom. O. W. KNEASS. _8 Third'
jo. 'FhQß* Bad 230-
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SIMMART,
F!!vcr inner.
.Wheat, Barley and Oats stronger.
„ Com and Rye dull.
■ Hay and Feedstuffi unchanged.
Beans and Seeds dull.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Vegetables Bold 'well.
; ' Butter -weak. Cheese lower. Eggs steady.
." No more Eastern Poultry this week.
Fruit Market continues to improve.
Oranges loww and In excessive suppply.
Lemons higher. I. imps unchanged.
Dried Fruits motionless.
Provisii ns fairly active.
Tallow weaker in tne East.
H.ig«i In sharp demand.
reaeed exports of Produce.
Larger exports of Quicksilver.
EXPORTS OF PRODUCE.'
Exports of Produce from this port in May
were $2 562,200. against 12,183,600 in May, 1597.
For the first live- Months of the year they were
115,845,900. against *13,. >57,300 in 1897, and in
cluded $I, U:\tii*) to the Atlantic coast, $.4.GSS..»no
to Great Britain, J1.392.4C0 to China, 52.52J.900
to Japan, |4.300 to the Hawaiian Islands,
JSSO.lwj to Central America und $365,700 tv
Africa. •
quicksilver' trade.
Receipts of Quicksilver at this port during
the first live months of the current year Were
9472 : i.-k:i. against 5960 in 1897. The export*
by sea lor the live months were 5260 flajsks.
valued at L 6.918, against 2242 Husks valued at
J79.&3S D IW7.
MONEY IN CIKCTLATION.
According to a treasury statement the money
In In ilatl in the United States on the Ist
o:' June was as follows:
Gold coin $ 649.571.551
Bllver dollars 5.,e;'6,423
Small sliver C-i.042.iM
Gold certificates 35.553.209
Silver certificates 391.225,266
Treasurj notes 100,226.855
United .States notes 290,202.987
Currency certificates 26. r>4o. 000
National Hank notes 224,009,636
Total . 11.539.595. 256
In 1597 1.659.733,895
Increase i l»,l«O8l
The llatton per capita Is given at $24.73.
The net increase in circulation for the month of
May was $.13,136,814. The Increase In gold coin I
waa j;<J.533.371. . •
STOCKS AND SILVER.
M
A Little Fallacy of JSO.oon.ooo Exploded by a
Banker.
The circular of Henry Clews, under date of
New York. June 11, says: "St/>ck Exchange
interests are in a transitional state. The
larger operators have lately been doing con
siderable in the way of realizing of profits on
the standard it eks, and that process seems
to have now reached its results in a generally
lower range of prices for that grade of se
curities. The fancy and lower grade of stocks,
hov.tver, which have received little attention
anrf stoo.l at itively low prices during the
manipulation of the betfc r class, are now com
ing In for leil turn In the i-'aine and are be
ing actively ileslt in. with BOOK considerable
advances. i irdlnarily a high range of prices
tit this stage of the year would I<>- apt to be
conducive to realizing and some reaction in
pries". But present conditions are -not en
tirely ordinary. The 'bull' feeling still runs
high, the market is fundamentally strong and
it is sustained by an 'expectation of a series
of successes by our army and navy that will
brini; the nrr-ut boon of peace at a compara
tively early day. There Is no disguising the
fact that many of the large operators through
whose efforts prices have recently been a.l
vanced have stMd out. and are now more ln
terested in making lower prices than higher
ones, to ■ ible them to load up 'again. The
Incentive for selling was mainly the revival of
the silver lestlon. It Is regarded as a menace
to the business situation, and is being used
as a pretext to mark down the prices of stocks.
Appearances Indicate wavering prices before
the market sgain gets into a position which
will ; >rm a basis for another upward whirl.
The Increase of silver money or its equivalent
to the extent of $42,000,000 at a time when
money is being required to so great an extent
for war purposes is a matter in Itself of no
very serious moment, excepting for the ridlcu
lous feature In connection therewith — the idea
of calling it so much profit for the Treasury,
when ■as a tter of fact the Government
Etands as having made a loes of over J50.000.000
In the depreciation from the average price at
which the silver was bought and the present
mark.-t price of silver bullion; still. Congress
is legislating on the basis that the Government
Will realize a profit of $»2.000,000."
EXPLANATION.
Th arrow nies with the wind. The top fig
ures ai station indicate minimum temperature
for the days; those underneath It, if any. the
amount of rainfall or of melted snow In inches
and hundredths during the last twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
pure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
llrs.t appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure Is high in the Interior and low
al'inK the coast, and the isobars extend north
and 'south along the coast, rain Is- probable;
but when the "low" is lnclnsed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is lm
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather mey be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produco an
opposite result. .-v
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
S,\X FRANCISCO, June 15. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures ar*
re[H rted to-day from Weather Bureau stations
In California:
Eureka, C 6: Fresno, W; Los Angeles, TS: Red
Bluff. 82; Independence, 86; San Dleso, «6: «ac-
Ban Luis Oblapo, 76; Yuma, IJO.
Sun Kr.iTicis.-o temperature: Maximum C 6;
minimum, 52; roeat
WKATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
F< > RECASTS.
The pressure Is . generally low over the
country west of the Rocky Mountains. lh-re
are three well-marked centers on to-night's
nap; one over Northwestern Washington and
Vancouver Island; another over Northern Mon
tana ar.'l Asslnabola and a third over Arizona.
Tli- 1 pressure has risen during the past twelve
houiF along the Pacific coairt north of San
Fram
The temperature has fallen over Eastern
Washington and Northeastern Oregon. It has
risen rapidly over the (Jppttr Missouri Valley
Rain lias fallen on the Pacific Slope from the
fortieth parallel northward.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Tafoosb Island. 36 miles per hour
from the south; Fort Canby, 40. south; Port
land, 84, southwest, and Idaho Falls, 28, south
Forecasts made nt Ban Franoisro for thirty
hour 3 ending midnight, Juoe 16, 1S98:
Northern California— Cloudy Thursday, with
■bowen in the northern portion; fresh south
westerly wind.
Pout hem California — Fair Thursday; light
westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Thursday.
Utah- Cloudy Thursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Thursday
fresh southwesterly winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpsls taken
at 5 p. m. — Clear: wind west: 36 miles per
hour; temperature, 56; maximum, 52.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
KKW YORK. June 15.— Speculative observers
vlio argued that the two days' reaction on the
stock market has been due to the appre.ien
slon of the effects of liquidation consequent
upon the collapse of the wheat deal were dis
appointed to-day. The pressure upon the mar
ket from that source was practically removed
by the announcement that the enormous hold
lng< of cash wheat owned by the defeated
wheat speculators had been taken over by pow
erful financial interests, who had been able to
save It from being sacrificed at forced sale.
The course of the wheat market very plainly
Indicated the termination of the crisis, but
there was no movement to advance prices of
stocks. Apparently the . leaders . o f . /poculaton
have arrived at mutual consent f> let- th.3 irar
ket take ndvaiitage of the further manipula
tion for a rise. The course of prices was con
sequently downward In a rather i\«ll maiket.
K\trc-rr.f- gains of a point or over were re«i«
tered in most of the active mocks during :he
day. fuji:.T.r was the center of interest and
dropped persistently to the last, closing only
% point above the lowest at a net decline of
over four points. The (expectation of a favor
able vote on the Hawaiian annexation bill was
the motive assigned for the selling. The stock
was traded in ex-dlv!dend. The embarkation
of the army for Cuba added to the possibili
! ties of s setback In the campaign which would
; nlso hurt the <t.-> -k market if it were to oocur.
This and the approach of the critical period for
! the crops served to emphasise the wnltlng" dis
[tositlon of ■peculation. Pears of tighter money
as I result of the bond issue were also ad-
I voncr<i by the bears. But it Is probable that
the banks and lur;;*< financiers would have in
hand th- funds which they expect to put into
the new bon'ls. It is evident that the banks
and cnpltnllats are preparing to take all of
those bonds rney can get; that is. all that are
left »er the small subscriptions are allotted.
If they net what they expect the bonds they
secure will tie used for circulation and thus
supply the money market. If the popular sub
scrlptionß are larger than expected the funds
accumulated by bankers and capitalists to buy
the bonds will be released to the money mar
ket.
Kailrond bonds were heavy In sympathy with
BtOCka Total sales, $1,900,000.
I'nited States fours old coupon advanced \%
and do re-istered *i. In the bid price. There
were sules of the new fours coupon at an ad
vance of m and of the fives coupon at an ad
vance of H over the preceding sales.
The total sales of stocks to-day w«re
367.400 shares, including: Atchison preferred
19.6C0. C. and O. 3175. Hurlington 30.341. C. C.
C. and St. Louis 50.330, Louisville and Nash
ville 6355, Manhattan 17,445, Metropolitan Street
Railway 444.">, Hawaiian Sugar 4415, Missouri
I'aoinc 6450. New York Central 5201. Northern
Paclilc S3lO. Northern Pacific preferred 16.540.
St. Paul ,820, Union Pacific preferred 21.250,
American T bacco 13.723. Chicago Great West
ern 4590, People's Gas 17.150, American Sugar
75.300.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 12 s I>o prefd 150
Do prefd 3i!>» St P M & M 140
Baltimore <fc Ohio IS sSo Paciiie 17ft
Canada Pacific ..85 So Railway 8
Canada Southern. 51V4 Do prefd 29
Central Pacific .. 134 Texas & Pacific... 11
Ches & Ohio 22% Union Pac prefd. 50%
Chi & Alton 158 ,U r I) & O 7V»
CM B & Q li>3% Wabash 7
Chi & E 111 61'*l Do prefd IST4
C C C A 81 1,.... 39Vi Wheel & L E.... 1%
Do prefd S7 Do prefd 11
Del & Hu'dOQn 108 Express Companies—
D.'l L, & \\ 160 Adams Ex MB
Den & H G 12% American Ex 127
Do prefd 514 L'nited States 40
Erie (new) i:'.>j. \Wlls Fargo 178
Do 1.-t prefd.... 30--. Miscellaneous — i
Fort Wayne ISS A Cot Oil JO
Gt Nor prefd 176 Do prefd 13\
Hocking Valley .. a\ Amn Spirits 14 '
Illinois Central .. 104 ft Do prefd 36%
Lake Erie & W.. 15 Am Tobacco 110H
Do rrefd 71ft L>o prefd 118
Lake Shore 1»9 People'? Gas PSV4
Louts' vt Nash.... 51% Cons Gas li'b 1
Manhattan L 104% Com Cable C 0.... 17"'
Met St By ir,:t 10l F <* Iron 21
Mich iVnt 103 Do prefd 90
Minn & St L 274 Sen Electric S6»i
Do Ist prefd S9ft Illinois Ste^l 54
Mo Pacific 34 Loclfde <ius 4b
Mobile A 0hi0... 27 Lead 33
Mo X & T 11 Do prefd 106' i
Do prefd 32% Nat Lin Oil 17
Chi In.l & L 9VOr Imp Co 2?ft
Do Drefd 30 Pacific Mail '28
N J Central Pullman Palace... IS6V4
N V Central 115 Vi Silver Certificates 58
N T Chi & St L.. 13 Stand H & T 5%
Do Ist prefd.... 65 Sugar 110%
Do 2d prefd.... 32 Do prefd Ill 1 *
Nor eWst 15 T C & Iron 234
No Amer Co 6V» U S Leather •■ 7 I
No Pacific 27' i Do prefd 63 :
Do prefd ........ 67". U S Rubber 21V» j
Ontario & W 15 Do prefd 81ft I
Or Rft Nay SO West Union 91 i
Or Short Line 30 Cht & N W 124<i .
Plttsburg 16S Do pref : r 170
Reading 19 Bt L& S W 5
Do l!"t prefd.... 45H Do. prefd 11
Uock Island 19 R G W 25
St Louis & S F... 7ft Do prefd. 64ft
Do Ist prefd.... 62 Chi G W 14
Do 2d prefd... 23% Haw v. nm Co 25
St Paul 90% C P Common 227 i !
Po Drefd 14Sft Brooklyn R T.... tl»i
St P & Om 76 I
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 125 ,N Carolina 65.... 127H
Do coup 125 ! Do 4s 102^
US 4s 103% No Pac.lsts 115
Do coup 111H! Do 3s 62
Do 2-is 96 i . Do 4s SO 3 *.
U S6s reg 112 N' YC& St L 45.. 103%
Do 5s coup 112 I Nor & W 6s 120
District 3.6,' is 115 jNorthwstrn cons. 142
Ala class A 110 Do deb 5s 116
Do B 105 O Nay lsts 116
Do C 90 O Nay 4s So
Do Currency ... &0 OS Line Cc tr.... 1264-
Atchison 4s 62Vi O S Line 5s tr.... I(>6>4
Do adj 4s 65V« O Imp lsts tr.... 113
Can So 2ds IQSV* Do 5s tr 58>4
Chi Term 4s 86% raclfic 6s of 95... 101 >4
C & Ohio 5s 114V4 Reading 4s S5
C H & D -Via...... Wi% R Q W lsts 87*4
D & R G lsts IMVi St L & 1 M C 55.. 94
D & RG 4s S5 St L&S F G 6s. 119%
East Term lsts... 108 St I' Con 145
Erie Gen 4s 73* i St P C & P lsts.. 1204
F W & D lsts tr. 71 Do 5s ll6Vi
Gen Elec 5s 103 So Ry 55.. 94%
G H& S A 65.... 105 Stand R& T 65.. 67
Do 2ds 105 Term new get 35.. 914
H & T C 55..:.... 110 T&P L G lsts.. 105V4
Do con 6s 104 Do R& 2ds 3S 6 i
lowa C lsts 101 Union Pac 4s 96^
La new cons 45.. 100 V PD & G lsts. 60%
L & N Uni 4s 90W Wab Ist 5s 109
Missouri 6s 100 Do 2.1s 85
M X & T 2ds 62% W Shr>re 4s. 108^4
Do 4s £5 Va Centuries .... 71
N J C ss. 113 Do deferred ... 3%
MINING STOCKS.
ChnHar 10 Ontario 2 75 1
Crown Point M Ophlr 25
Con Cal &. Va *<• Plymouth 12
Dead wood 6 1 Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry... 13 Do prefd 225
Hale & Noreross.. 70 Sierra Nevada ... 60
Homestake 45 00 j Standard 155
Iron Sliver 66 ' Union Con 12
Mexican 12 ■ Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON.
BOSTON, June lo.— Atchison. IStt; Bell Tele
phone, 268; Burlington, lU3H; Mexican Central,
4^i; Oregon Short Line, 30.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, June 15.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were Idle and featureless to-day,
but steady on cheap money, which favorably
affected consols.
Americans were quiet, but Irregular. No
activity is looked for this market until the
ei;d of the present account.
Official details of the ISrazil funding scheme
are nublished .here to-night. They are as
previously cabled you.
There is some inquiry for gold for shipment
to New York, but no actual dealings. The price
has risen to 77s lOd.
It Is believed that a good many applications
may go from here for the United States war
luan.
Fewer American bills were proffered to-day.
Spain is again buying silver.
CLOSING.
Consols for money, 11 7-16: Canadian Pacific,
87% ; Grand Trunk, S%; bar silver uncertain,
26% d per ounce; money, \'s\ per cent.
Spanish 4's closed at 3454, 1-16 higher than
yesterday's final price.
PAlilS, June 15.— Spanish 4's closed at 34 9-i«
a net gain of 6-16.
NEW TORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, June 15.— FLOUR— Receipts,
17,453 barrels; exports, 13,741 barrels. Steadier,
with a more general inquiry from buyers.
WHEAT— Receipts, 16">,."8; bushels; exports,
273,441 bushels. Spot, strong; No. 2 red, S6@SBc
I. o. b. Options generally strong all day. The
buying motives Included steadier foreign mar
kets, good export and milling demand, the
Jump in Corn and unfavorable crop news.
Closed V\'a'i\c net higher. Sales Included No
2 red July, 84Vi'gC86o, closed 86c.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
METALS-The better feeling In the local
Metal market ts dally becoming more pro
nounced, some departments In fact showing a
very strong undertone to-day and a decided
increase in the volume of business. At the
close the Metal Exchange called:
SPELTER— Stront, with $5 bid and $5 25
asked.
TlN— Firmer, with $1£ 10 bid and $15 15 asked
LAKE COPPER— DuII, with $11 80 bid and $12
asked.
PlOlßON— Warrants dull, with $6 50 bfd ana
$6 60 asked.
LEAD— Strong, with $3 874 bid and $3 92V4
asked. The firm naming the settling price for
Western miners and smelters quotes Lead at
$3 70.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to a points net lower. Sales, 9600 bags, Includ
ing July, $6 66, Spot Coffee— Rio, dull; No. 7
Invoice, 6Hc: No. 7 lobbing, 6'ic. Mild— Quiet
and featureless; Cordova, 8>4@154c.
BUGAR— Raw, quiet, but steady; fair refin
ing. 3%c; centrifugal, 86 test. 4 5-l«o. Refined-
Steady.
HUTTER— Receipts. 13,777 packages. Firm-
Western creamery, 13Viwl7c; Elglns, 17c; fac
tory; 10H®12c.
EGGS— Receipts, 12,109 packages. Firm-
Western, llte@l2c; Southern, V)\c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, June 15.— California Dried
Fruits, quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6®9c;
prime wire tray, 9@9%c; wood dried prime. SVio;.
THE SATZ FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 16, 1898.
choice, 9%c; fancy, 10c.
PRT'NES— 4@Bc per pound, as to size and
quality.
APKICOTS— RoyaI. S@loc; Moorpark, 10@12o.
PEACHES— TTnpeeIed. s<i?9c; peeled, 12@16c.
Tone of market quiet on all fruits.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKKT.
CIIJCA<:«>. June . 16.— placing In tb*
hardfc of P. D Armour all tho cash wh.;at in
the co 'titry DpOt: which DaiKs had m.id* ml
vanci-i <<. Le tor was the chief n. is'-n fir a
very firm i.p'.-nJng In the wheat pit. With the
ju'.-uranc" that this Immense V"lu>rs of . ca*h
wheat would not be allowed to come on the
mntket In such overwhelming "abundance as
to demoralize prices, buying i became more lib
era 1 and Investors displayed confidence. The
l.ivertco: market quoted atnt'ier sunrp slump
in July equal to about .1 cont-? yer buuhel but
it had no perceptible effect here. The 1< n«er
futures were well held abroiii. In thafcourfce
of the forenoon a number of dispatches were
received from the region where harvesting \\i\r
In progress or about to :ommwice, repcrtlng
ru^t and other damage. Toward noon the mu I
ket became more active and quite strong. The
crowd was bearish and short on soft spot
the natural consequence of which was extra
strength when prices : hardened. The mar'cet
ruled strong until the close. The more nettlid
cond tion of affairs brought numerous inquiries
from millers for wheat and a fair amount of
♦re cash article was disposed of for domestic
ml'linc purposes. July closed J'.ic hlghor nr.d
SepWmber i%c higher.
The wet weather was again the foundation of
tlv» advance in corn. The shores fa-t no ln
tei\al of rest or soft spots to g-S-e them hopt.
July corn closed l%c higher. Strength In ruun
and bad crop reports lifted oats l%c fo- the
day.
Firmness in grain and reports from Missis
sippi to the effect that the yellow fever was
not extending beyond a few original cusos con
tributed to the rise In provisions. Pont closed
with a gain of 42% c, lard 12%0 and ribs 17c
hie-her.
. The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
June 84 88. 84 88
July 79 80 77Vi 79*
September ...• 71V4 72W 70% 72>4
December 71% 72% 7114 72%
Corn No. 2—
vn <> 82\i 33V4 32% 33%
July 32\ 34 32H 34
September 33% 34% , 33% . 34%
Oats No. 2—2 —
July 24 25 23% 25
September 21% 22% 21% 22%
• Mess .Pork, per bbl—
July 9 45 9 85 8 45 9 85
September "...:■ 9 67H 10 06 965 10 02%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July 6 70 6 85 6 70 5 85
Se emb .X ;™ 82^ 5 97% . 6 82% 6 97%
Short Ribs, per 100 rbs—
July 6 37% 655 5 37%' 655
September 5 45 5 €5 6 45 6 65
rash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
and weak; patents, $5@5 50; No. 2 spring wheat,
SotfJS2c; No. 3 spring wheat. 77@90c; No. 2 red.
BS®9oc; No. 2 corn, B«©SSc; No. 2 oats, 25c;
No. 2 white, 2SM;i3'29c; No. 3 white, 27V.C; No. 2
rye, 43®43%c; No. 2 barley, 33ijf35c; No. 1 flax
seed. $1 16; prime timothy seed, $2 65; mess
pork, per barrel. $9 80QS 85; lard, per 100 lbs
$3 Bo@s S3; short ribs sides (loose), $5 40<?J5 70;
dry salted shoulders (boxed), 4%<gsc; short clear
sides (boxed). $5 85(g6 05.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 9.900 " 3 200
Wheat bushels ". 58.800 12 900
Corn, bushels 624.500 845.800
Oats, bushels 190.500 643 300
Rye. bushels 6,000 ......
Barley, bushels 11.200
On the Produce Exchange to-day, the Butter
market was steady; Creameries,- 14^160; dairies
ll%@l3Hc. Eggs, steady; fresh, 9V4c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bu.«hels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 4i.440 15.750
l>uluth 40,999 22 041 !
Milwaukee .«. 5,200 . . :
Chicago 58,950 12.915!
Toledo H. 522 41,600
St. Louis |
Detroit 2.950 1.054
Kansas City 8,500 13,000
Totals ..•••••...••..•••.... ....... ......
Tidewater—
Boston 35.000
New York 165,575 273.441
Philadelphia 836 1,174
Baltimore 10,393 I
New Orleans 41,017
Galveston 1,6r0 >
Totals 213,454 315,632
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat — June. -Dec.
Opening .'6l 50 49 15
Closing 61 GO 49 U0
Flour — .
Opening 27 65 22 10
Closing : 27 30 22 00
. LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
June. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening . 7 6 6 2% 6 11%
Closing 7 6% 6 3* 6 1%
EASTERN' LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, June 15.— CATTLE— In cattle to
day trade was active on local and shipping i
account Prices were steady. Choice steers, i
$4 ■."•</:. 35; medium, $4 50©4 65; beef steers, |4(@ ■
4 4": Etockers and feeders,- $3 55® 4 9i); cows and
heifers, $3 30(U4 75; canners, $2 50<g'3 20; calves.
$4fc7. ' " •
HOGS — Despite the recent big drop in prices
hogs are being marketed freely. Trade was
again fairly active. Prices ruled about 5c
lower. Fair to choice, $3 90@4 02ft; packers.
$3 75(53 .87ft; butchers', |3 So@4; mixed, $3 75®
3 95; light, $3 60#3 9<>; pigs, $2 50®S 75. •
SHEEP— unuEually liberal supply of
sheep naturally caused a weak market. Prices
were 10*Q15c lower for all but the better class
Of sheep and clipped lambs. Native sheep, }4<§i
I- 20; rams, $3<g4; shorn lambs. $5 di><£M>; (spring
lambs. 40; yearlings, $4 75@5 60.
Receipts— Cattle, 15,000; hogs, 33,000; Bheep,
000. •••■•■'
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. June 16.— CATTLE— Receipts,
6000. Market weak to 10c lower. ( Xatlve steers.
$3 So!g"4 95; native cows and heifere,-. J" 25@4 S5;
stockers and feeders, $3 40#5 40; bulls, $3r<}4 50.
•HOGS— Receipts, 1 17.000. Market 2Va"sc lower.
Bulk of eales, $3 65<g3 sr.:- heavies, ■$3 80<jj3 95;
packers, $3 60Q3 *>>'■; mixed, $3 55@3 82; light,
$3 50(g3 70; pigs, |3JS<S3 50.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000. Market firm. j Lambs,
H'y6 35; muttons, $3(55 25.
-iu-:-; ■-'.'■; ■.:;• .... OMAHA. . ■
•OMAHA. June CATTLE— Rc-elpts, 2300.
Morket steady to Be lower. Nativi f eef steers,
$4(g4 85; Western steers, $3 S.V«4 4;.. cows and
heifers, $3 60<94 3D; ■ etockers and feeders, l $4<2t
5 20; bulls, sta«?s, etc.. $3(54. .
HOGS— Recplpts, 6500. Market a shade lower.
Heavy, $3 75<?T5 85; mixed,. $3 70@3 80; lights,
$3 66®J "\i; bulk of sales, $3 75@3 80. '
• SHEEP— Receipts, 2900. Market strong. Fair
to choice natives, $3 85@4 60; fair to choice
Westerns. $3 80!g'4 50; common and stock sheep,
$3 50(g4 50; lambs, J4 50fjf6 25.
DENVER.
DENVER, June 15.— CATTLE— Receipts, 850.
Market dull and easy. Beef steers, $3 50<3>4 70;
cows. $3(Ji'3 76; feeders, freight paid to river,
|4<i?4 50; stockers do, $45?4 60; bulls, stags, etc..
ta 50®3 50. . .
HOGS— Receipts, 300. Market firm, 5c lower.
Light packers, $3 80@3 85; mixed, $3 75@3 80;
heavy, $3 60@3 76.
SHEEP- Receipts. 200. Market ! firm. Good
fat muttons, ' $3 40@4 50; lambs, $4 60@5 60.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT S ALES.
NEW YORK, June. Earl Fruit Company's
auction sales of California fruit: Plums— Royal
Hatlve,Bsc@sl 10; K. Claude." 90c; Clyman, 70Q>
SI 60. Prunes— Tragedy, $1 35@1 85. Aprloots—
Royal, Jl@l 60; Newcastle, 60@900. Peaches— 1
Alexander, . eOcigll 05. ! - Cherr}es— Black Repub
lican, 65@90c; Black Oregon, 65@85c
CHICAGO, June Porter Bros. Company
Bold to-day at open auction California fruit at
the following prices: Tragedy, $I@l 85
per crate; Slmoni, $1 25. Apricots— Royal, 85c
<Ssl 30. Cherries— Royal Anne, 15c@l 40; . Big
ereau, 45c(35l 10; Tartarlans, -20@95c; Pontlac,
85c. Peaches— Alexander, 85<§'90c per : box. Plums
—Oregon, $1 20; Japan, &o@Sso; other varieties,
450750.
NEW YORK. June 15.— Porter Bros. Com
pany sold to-day at open auction California
fruit at the following prices: — Tartar
ian. 50o@$l 50; Royal Anne, ; 60c@$l 15; Black
Republican, 70cg$l; Blgereau. 65@70c; Centen
nial, 30@40c. Peaches— Alexander. 75®90c.
CALIFORNIA ORANGES IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, June. 15.— The Journal of Com
merce says: California orrangesare becom
ing I scarce, espevially sound fruit, and the
tendency of the market Is upward. Shipments
have about ceased. The consuming demand Is
only moderate, many buyers seeming to be un
willing to pay the prices demanded. The con
suming demand for len*>ns is active, and not
withstanding the large advance ; In prices, nu
merous orders are being, received by Jobbers
from all Quarters.
FOREIGN ' MARKET.
LONDON, June 15.— Consols, 111H: silver,
26% d; French rentes, 103f 30c. .
LIVERPOOL, June IB.— WHEAT, — ; car
goes off coast, buyers and sellers apart; car
goes on .passage, easier; English country mar
kets, ' generally 2s lower; Liverpool wheat, 6pot
dull.
■ COTTON— Uplands, 8 9-16 d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
- PORTLAND, Or.. June 15.— Wheat, nominal;
Walla Walla, 70@72c; valley and blue stem, 74@
7Bc per bushel. ■
Cleared— British bark Audaman. for ' Queens
town, with 64,618 bushels of Wheat. '-.;
WASHINGTON. •
• ' TACOMA, Wash.. June 15.— market for
Wheat; prices unchanged.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
" WASHINGTON, June To-day's state
ment of the condition; of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance,* 9156.C45.195; • gold re-
B«rve. $184,776,215. . \
/ COTTON MARKET.
'.'. NEW ■._ ORLEAJW. -: June 15. — COTTON — ,
Steady; sales, 1850; ' middlings, ( 11-16 c.
NEW YORK. June • 15.— COTTON—
mlddllnßs, 6 9-16 c. - ; , .„ . . . .
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. June 15.— Exchanges. $243,
523; balances, $52,961.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight. — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 87
Sterling Cables . ; — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight - 15
Sf w iR 1 * Exchange, telegraphic. — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 58%
Mexican Dollars 48 46%
WHBAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The market rallied somewhat, and
it is the general opinion that the collapse of
the Lelter deal will clear the atmosphere and
restore normal conditions, in which case prices
may react.
, fSS 1 Shipping, ; milling, $155(3
1 62Vs per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
In formal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December—
}9i£°°. ctlß . $134; .4000, $134%; 16,000, $134%;
4000, $134%; 80,000 ,• $134%
, S^ on d Sessl December— 12,000 ctls, $134%;
10,000, $1 84V, 24,000. $1 35; 4000, $1 35%.
Regular Morning Session — December — 4000
ctls, $135»4; 6000. $1 35%; 14,000. $1 36%; 18,000.
$1 35%; 6ni*), $1 35« i; 000, $1 35%; 6000. $1 36.
Aiternoon Session— Decembei — 1000 ctls,sl 3«V.
22.000., $1 3CT4: OCO, $137; 4000, $137*; 8000,
$1 37% ; 22.000. $1 37%.
BARLEY — Futures advanced and spot prices
were firm, with a slight Improvement in the
demand.
Feed, $1 16@1 20; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 16>4.
Regular Morning Session— December—
ctls, $1 17%. •
Afternoon Session— December— ctla, $1 18;
2000, $1 ISH.
. OATS— market is firmer and the lower
grades show a slight advance.
Fancy Feed, $1 37%@1 40 per ctl; good to
choice. $1 3i«-gl 35; common, $1 25@1 27%; Sur
prise. $1 3".<gi 40; gray, $1 27%@1 32V»; milling.
$1 32%@1 37% per ctl.
CORN Previous prices rule with a dull mar
ket. -' A
Small round yellow, $1 25®1 30; large yellow,
$1 05® 1 07V4; white, $1 02%@l 05 per ctl; mixed,
$1 02V£@l 05.
RYE— sl 25<??1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— 75@>1 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $5 60@3 60; bakers'
extras. $5 25@5 35 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are aa fol
lows, f usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour. $6; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal. $4; Oat Groats, $4 25;
Hominy, $3 2.V33 50; Buckwheat Flour. $4«4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $:: 75; Farina, $4 75; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels). $5 80
'j6 L'o; In sacks, $5 60®6; Pearl Barley, $4 75;
Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Any old thing seems to pass as hay now
adays. The Western States have been sending
us baled grass for some we<-ks. and yesterday
a Callfornlan farmer sent in some baled
wheat, weeds and leaves which he called hay,
and which brought $13 o0 per ton.
■ The market shows no change worthy of note,
except th.it Island Barley Is higher. Receipts
of new are light for this time of the year.
Bran and Middlings are unchanged.
BRAN— SI6OI7 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $30 501022 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Barley. $25 r>ofT26 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31@3l SU; lob
blng. $52®32 r,O; Cocoanut Cake. $24«525; Cot- i
tonseed Meal, $2?5?30 per ton; Cornmeal, $24 50; i
Cracked Corn, $25. i
HAT— (Ex-car in round lots)— Wheat, $199 !
22 60; Wheat and Oat. $18021; Oat. — — ; Bar
ley, -; Compressed Wh<\it. $21024; Com
pressed Oat, $1(918; Alfalfa, {12<g13 50; Clover,
: Timothy, $14915 50.
NEW HAY— Wheat, |17©1»; Oat, ; Barley
: Island Barley, $12®15; Alfalfa, $1150©
STRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There is nothing new.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 90<JT3; Small Whites, $2®
2 10; Large Whites. $1 95#2 C 5; Pinks, $2 6»ii
2 70; Reds, $2 75@2 90; Blackeye, $3 25>g3 40;
Butters. $1 75©1 90; Limas. $2 90?i3; Pea, $1 S5«
2; Red Kidneys. $2 6S®2 73 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 25©1 60 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. $3 15fi3 2.".; Flux. $2 25; Canary
Seed, 2!4@2:>ic per tb; Alfalfa. B®6c; Rape, 2Vi@
2*ic; H«-mp, 2%i?3c; Timothy, .''aT.Vc.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 75(Ti2; Green, $2©
2 10 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Los Angeles Egg Plant. lOQWio per 1b;
Green Peppers, B<§l2'ic; Tomatoes, $1 25@1 50
per box.
Yesterday was shipping day and the markK
cleaned up fairly, at easy prices, however.
POTATOES— Burbanks. 30<i?80c per ctl; !
new Potatoes, 33iR>5Oc for Early Rose, • 40<ff65c
for Peerless and 80»76c for Burbanks. in boxes :
ONIONS— New, 66©C0c per ctl for red and 75
@90c for yellow.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, $1 sotff2 00 for ex
tra lar?e; 75c(&$l 2t. per box for No. 1. 25if?7. r .e
for small: Rhubarb, 50<fnr,e per box; Green
Peas, $19160 per sack: Garden Peas, 2!4c per
lb; Btring • Bean*. 3H9<c: Wax Beasa 3S6c;
Horse Beans, 40@50c per sack; Summer Squash
f.Oc(?isl r<*r box; Bay Squash, $1 50<&2 00; Green
Peppers, 10?jl2Hc; 1 >r!ed Peppers, 6®7c per lb,
Dried Okra, 124 c; Cabbaga, 50c per ctl: Car
rota. SOG6OC per pack; Marysville Cucumbers
So&7sc per box; Vacaville Tomatoes, 112591 50
per box; Green Corn, 12%A8t0 per dozen-
Garlic, 405 c per lb.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced," raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25
ttis; sliced desiccated, 16@lSc; granulated, raw
13c: Onions, COc; Caries, old, 13c; new, lSc;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips
*sc; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 60c
POULTRY AND GAME.
There will be no more Eastern In this week,
and tno local stock will accordingly have the
field to Itself. The market Is steady as a rule
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, io®llc for Gob
blers and 10911 c for Hens; Geese, per pair 75c
<S>sl; Goslings, $l(f?l 25; Ducks, $3&3 50 for old
and $3Q5 for young; Hens, . $3@4 50; Roos
t<-rp, • young. $6®S; Roosters, old, $3 &ofj4-
Fryers, $4 50^5 50; Broilers, $3 r.o®4 for large,
$2@3 for small: Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen
for young and $l<gl 20 for old. .: » S
Nominal. ■■■'. .;v:,;
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter is weak and the top quotatk>n Is now
extreme, though It is obtainable for choice
goods. Cheese is lower and weak at the de
cline. There is no change In Eggs. ' " " ■',' '
BUTTER
v..eamery — Fancy • creameries, 18@19c; sec
onds, 17V:S18c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 16'^@17c; common
grades, 15@16c per lb.
Eastern Butter — Imitation creamery, 16i0>
16'ic; ladle- packed, 15@16c per lb; Elgin, 17
(g'IHC.
CHEESE— mild new, BHc; old. 7%<3>
8c: Cream Cheddar. lO^llc; Young America,
9@loc; Eastern, 12013 c.
EGGS — Ranch Eggs, 16@18c per dozen; store
Eggs, 14@15c; Eastern, 12%'3'15c; Duck Eggs,
16c. : .
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The market showed further improvement yes
terday, and as it was shipping. day stock went
off well. Peaches, Apricots and Cherries
showed the most Improvement.
The market is glutted with Oranges and
prices are lower. . Lemons are doing better.
Berries are lower all around.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—.
Strawberries. $2 5004 per chest for large and
$769 for small.
White Cherries, 20(g30c per box; black. 25®
50c; Royal Annes, KOjBSe; loose Cherries, l<y> I
2c for white and lV4(&3c per Ib for black, and
2@34:C for Royal Anne.
Currants, $2 5004 per chest.
Blackberries, &0&65 c per crate and $4<g>7 per
chest.
Plums, 4CN?6Oc per crate and 35@60c per box;
Cherry I Plums, 20@350 per drawer and 35@500
per box.
Apricots. 35@66c per box and 60<8>75c per crate
lor Royals.
" Peaches, 25©75 c per box and 85@60c per
basket.
■ Gooseberries, l@2c per lb for common and 4c
for English.
Newcastle Raspberries, $1 per crate; Nearby
Raspberries, . $4@B per chest.
Apples, 75c<8$l 50 per box; new Apples. 40®
50c per small and 75@85c per large box and 25®
40c per basket.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 50@2 50;
Seedlings, 75c(<f$l; Lemons, $I@l 25 for com
mon and $1 60S 2 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $3 50@4; California Limes, in small
boxes, 40i@'50c; Bananas, $1 25®2 per bunch;
Pineapples. $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS. ETC. :
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lota, 4%@
5c for 40-50' s, 4%@4%c for : 60-60' s. 3%@4c for
60-70' b, 3Vi@'3%e for 70-80's. 2-")l^3c for 80-90' 2Vi
@2V4c for 90-100' s; Peache» 30'5c; fancy, 5V4@
6c; peeled, 10<gl2Hc; Apricots, 5@6%c for Royals
and 7@Sc for good to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples. 7%@Sc; sun-dried, 4^@sc; Black
Figs in sacks, 2'p2%c; Plums, 4V4@4%c for
pitted and l»4<3ilV4c for .' unpltted; bleached
Plums, s@sVic; Nectarines, ■ 465 c for prime to
fancy: Ptars, 2Vi l ff4V4c for quarters and 3©sVjc
for halves according to color,' etc. • '
RAISINS— IH@2c for two-crown, 3c for three
crown, 3Vic for four-crown, ■■ 4Vic for Seedless
Sultanas 2%c for , Seedless Muscatels and I $l<g)
1 10 for London layers;. dried Grapes, 2^c. • ,
NUTS— Walnuts, 3>3 4c for hardshell. 4060 for
softshell; Almonds, 3@4c for hardshell, 6@70 for
tshell, BUi@9c for - paper-shell; Peanuts, 4@
5%c for Eastern and"4ftc for California; Pe
cans, 6<*<s3c; Filberts. 9%®10o; : Brazil Nuts,
Sl^*: per Ib; Cocoanuts, $4 50^5 per 100.
HONEY— 9@loc for bright and ; B@7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, s>4®
6c; light amber extracted. ■ 4%(g"sHc per lb.
•BEESWAX— 24<g 26c per lb. •«
PROVISIONS.
•.The city demand continues good, but there is
not much doing- on Interior account. Prices are
steady. .••■'- ':,,.! ■•;
. CURED .; MEATS— . . 9o per lb for
heavy, 9%c for light medium, 10c for light,
lie for extra light and 12<ff>12',ic for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, lC%@llc; Cali
fornia Hams. 9%®10c; Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef. $12; Salt
Pork, $9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear,
$17617 50; mess, $15; Smoked Beef, 12@12%c per
ID.
LARD— Eastern, tierces quoted at 6c per lb
for compound and B%e for pure; pails, 9%c;
California tierces, sV>c per lb for compound
and 7%c for pure; half barrels, 7\c; 10-lb
tins, S^ic; 6-lb tins, B%c.
COTTOLENK — Tierces, 6%@7^c; packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-lb palls, 60 In a case. 9%c;
3-lb pails, 20 in a case, B%c: 5-lb pails. 12 in a
case. B%c; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case, S%c: 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case. 776 c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net. S%c; fancy tubs. 30 lbs net. 7%c; half
barrels, ebout 110 lbs. 7*« c per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Tallow is weaker in the East, but the local
market Is firm as stock is scarce, owing to the
dry winter.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, l0H®llc; medium, 9%@10c; light. 9@9Vs>c;
Cowhides, 9@9M>c; Stags. 6%c: salted , Kip. §c.
Calf, 10c; dry Hides, 16%@17%c ; culls and
brands. 13%<g:i4c: dry Kip and Veal. 16c; dry
Calf, 1£920 c; culls. 16@ 17c: aoatskins. 20®40c
each; Kids, s@loc; Deerskins, good summer.
2i>.v&Boc; medium. 50c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings. 20@30c each; short wool. Ss^Boc
each; medium. 70@90c; long wool. 90c@$l 30
f, h; Horsohides, salt, $2@2 25 for large and
$1.(1 2 for small; Colts, 50c; Horsehides, dry. $2
for largaand $1 for small; Colts. 50c.
-. TA .^LOW-No. 1 rendered, 3M:®3%c per lb.
No - 2'2 ' 2Vfo^: refined. 4H^4V; Grease, 2c.
V OOL— Fall clip, Southern Mountain. 7@loc;
free Northern, 12c. Spring clip— Southen.
Mountain, 12 months 1 , 9@llc: San Joaquln and
bouthern, 7 months', S@loc; Foothill and
Vc?JV? crn free> 12W14C; do, defective. 10®12c;
Middle county, 13@16e; Humboldt and Mendo
cln °. gWTc: Nevada. 13^15c.
HOPS— crop. 9®l2Hc per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAOS— Calcutta Grain Baga, June-July, B%@
5%c; Wool Bags, nominal; San Quentln, $4 85.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend.
$7 SO; Cumberland. $10 2. in bulk and $11 60 In
sacks; Pennsylvania A' thracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Ie • ' tirs and Castle Gate,
$7 60; Coke. $12 p> ; n bulk and $U In
sacks. ■'■••',-
SUGAR— The V, u - a r Refining Com
pany quotes, ten;.. *h: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, . . fowdered 6%c- Dry
Granulated, 5%c; v,oniectioners f; A. 5%0l Mai.
nolia A. 5%c; Extra C, 5%c; Golden C, 5Uc;
Candy Granulated. 6c; California A. 6*ic per
lt>; half- barrels Vie more than barrels and
boxes %c more. '
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The demand for Hogs continues sharp and
prices are firm. There is no change in the other
descriptions. ■:'■'•■'.':*•
Wholesale rates for dressed stock ■ from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6^c; second quality,
£>^c; third quality, 4<g-5c per Tb.
VEAL— Large. 4'aic; small. 6@7e per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers,- 7V #Sc; Ewes. 7@7%c per
rb.
LAMB-Spring. B<Bmc per Ib. >
PORK— Live Hogs. 4%@4%c for large, BfiT.^c
for medium and 43JI4V&C for small; stock Hogs,
2?a3Vjc; dressed Hogs, 6%<gßc.
RECEIPTS O.v PRODUCE.
For Wednesday. June 15.
Flour, qr sks ... ».»2S Wool, bales 1?6
Wheat, ctls 1.948 Pelts, bdls ....... S 242
Barley, ctls 1,270 Hklfs, no 793
Cheese, ctls 276 Eggs, doz 15 750
Butter, ctls 298 Qulcksllvf-. flsk. 32
Tallow, ctls 24S Leather, . 11s ... 158 I
Beans, sks 10 Wine, gals 34,800
Potatoes, sks ... 2,255 Brandy, gals 1,600
Onions, sks 55S Powder, cs 16 !
Middlings, sks .. MS Paper, reams .... 376
Hay, tons 2261 Lime, bbls 162
Straw, ions 44 1
OREGON.
Shorts, sks 62'IBran, sks 1870
Wheat, ctls 10,200 Potutoes, sks ... 1679
Middlings, sk» .. 27." Hay, tons '|Q
*"001, "bales ..»».. 78 Flour, qr sks ... 12,195
UTAH.
Hay, tons 20!
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were weaker yesterday under
light trading. Potosl was assessed 15c.
In local securities Hawaiian Commercial ad
vanced to $25 50. Trad" continued quiet.
The Homestake Mining Company of South
Dakota has declared the regular monthly divi
dend of 25e per share, payable July 25.
No bullion will be received for coinage at
the Mint in this city after the ISth until July
0, owing to the annual clean-up and settle
ment of accounts for the fiscal year. The
coinage presses are being rushed for coin to
pay the troops here.
The Pacific Surety Company has declared a
regular quarterly dividend of 60c per share,
payable immediately.
The northwest drift from the joint Confi
dence. Chall«-nce Consolidated and Consolidated
Imperial west crosscut No. 1 from the surface
tunnel Is now In 8 feet, having boen advanced
S feet for the week; the face shows porphyry.
This drift has been stopped for the [ires-nt, arid
work In the face of the main Joint Confidence,
Challenge Consolidated and Consolidated Im
perial west crosscut No. 1 has been resumed,
and that crosscut is now In 1535 feet, having
been advanced 10 feet during the week; the
face Is In porphyry. The flow of water from
the face of the crosscut is still very strong.
Repairs to the Crown Point shaft are still
under way, having been confined during the
past week principally to the pump shaft.
Repairs to the Belcher shart were completed
lapt Wednesday, and work in the bottom levels
.of the Belcher mine was resumed on Thursday
During the four days' work done in the stopes
there were extracted and hoisted 24 mining car
loads of ore, of the average car sample assay
of $19 72 per ton.
The yield of the Overman mine for the past
week amounted to 11 mining car loads of ore
of the average car sample assay value of $39 31
per ton. The ore was extracted from the north
drift workings on the 900 foot level. There Is
no material change In the condition ot the
mine.
The official letter from the Justice mine for
:he past week says: "An upraise started at
:he face of the south drift from the bottom
>f the winze has been carried up 34 feet in
juartz and clay. This upraise Is in the foot
vall, and will connect with our workings from
:he south drift and thus afford a circulation
>f air, the ventilatlo-n at present being bad."
In the Savage Mining Company's ground on
:he Comstock lode, during the past week, on
he 130 level, the main west drift has been
•leaned out and repaired a distance of 10 feet;
;otal length 557 feet. Brunswick lode — On the
kin level the main north drift was extended 24
>et; total length, F. 31 feet; face in porphyry
mil quartz giving low assays. The Joint north
lrift on the Sutro tunnel level has been clear
»d out to the face, a distance of 15 feet, and
advanced 9 feet; total length, 24 feet; face In
lard porphyry.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, June 15—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Uid.Ask.
Is quar coup.. 110 112 Pac Gas Imp.. 86 87Vi
Is quar reg...108 lOSVi Pac L Co — 61
Is quar new...121Vi12H4 3 F G & E... 87 87%
Miscellaneous — Snn Fran .... 3 3^
;al-st Cab 65. 114% — Stock Gas It —
i^al El 6s 125 — Insurance —
0 C Wat 65...1U0Vi105 Flrem's Fund. lßs —
Dup-st ex c... — 9SVi Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65.. 12S — Anglo-Cal .... 55 65
F & CI Ry 68.113% — Bank of Ca1..243 245%
Qeary-st R or. 92% 97% Cal S D & T.. 97% —
HC & S 5%5..100 105 First Nat ....202% —
L A L Co 6s. — 100 Lon P & A... — 130
Do gntd 69.. — 103 Mcr Exchange 10 15
Market-st 65. .126 — N'ev Nat B 152%160
Do Ist M 58..113V4114 Savings Banks—
Sat Yin 6s Ist — 97% Ger S & L..1565 —
N* C Nvi Ry75.103 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 65.. 107% — Mutual Say. — 42%
N Ry Cal 55.. 101 — S F Say U.. — 600
NPC R R 55.101% — 5 A L 50.... — 100
Dak Gas 5s 100 — Security S B 250 —
Do 2d is 55.. 103 111 Union T Co. looo —
Om Ry 6s 124%— Street Railroad—
P & O 6s 108%— California ... 107 10S
P&CI Ry 65. 103 112 Geary 40 —
Powell-st 65...118%120 Market-st .... 63% 64
Reno ".VL&L..IOO — Presidio — 8%
Sac Elecllyss.loo — Powder—
8F& N P 55.107%109 California ....125 160
SlerraACal 6s. — 103 X Dynamite... SX —
3Pof Ar 65.. 106% — Giant Con Co. 46 46%
5 r Cal 6s — 113 Vlgorit — 3%
SPC Is eg 55.. M — Miscellaneous—
5 P Br Ga 112 Vi — Al Pac Assn.. 93 94
3 V Wat 65...116%117 Gen Ld Wks..llo —
5 V Wat 45....1013fc102 Hana P C 0.... 11 12
Stock Gas 65.. — 108 HC & S Co.. 25% 2514
Water Stocks— Hutch S P Co. 60Vi 60%
Contra Costa.. 65 68 Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Marin Co 50 — Nat Vln C 0... — 7
Spring Valley. M% 9M4 Oceanic S Co. — 60
Gas & Electric— Pac A F L.... 1% 2U
Tent Gaslight. los — Pac Bot C 0... .101 —
Mutual El Co. 10 11% Par Paint Co. 7 —
Dakland Gas.. 47% —
Morning Session.
60 S F Gas & Electric Co g7 25
40 Giant Powder Con 4$ no
KOOO S P of A Bonds 105 25
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 50 00
100 Hawaiian' Commercial St Sugar 24 00
560 do do 24 00
800 do do 24 37ty
300 do do 24 50
Afternoon Session
{3000 S P Branch Ry Bonds 113 00
575 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 25 50
275 do do 25 25
6 do do b 2 25 25
20 Hutchinson S P C» 50 25
75 Spring Valley Water 99 50
6 Oiant Powder Con 46 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
10 Market-street Railway Co 63 87>4
50 Hutchlnson S P Co 50 00
50 Spring Valley Water 99 25
Afternoon Session
100 Giant Powder, b 5 46 00
GO Hutchinson S P Co, s 10 60 00
5 Spring Valley Water 99 25
Street—
25 Hawaiian C & S Co 25 00
25 do do 25 25
50 do do 25 374
100 do do 23 60
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belcher 19:100 Seg Belcher .... 06
200 20. 50 Sierra Nevada.. 60
300 Bullion 03 ! l00 Union Con 20
100 Caledonia 19,300 Utah 05
450 Con Cal & Va.. 37 600 Yellow Jacket... 20
100 Mexican 12 200 19
100 Ophlr 28
Afternoon Session.
400 Con Cal & Va.. 35! 100 Sierra Nevada.. 57
100 Gould & Curry.. 12! 30 Standard 150
500 Justice 04; 100 Union Con 18
50 Potosi 10 1
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning- Session.
200 Belcher 07 200 Potosi 12
GOO Best & Belcher. 20250 Sierra Nevada... 62
400 Chollar 09300 61
300 Con Cal & Va.. 36i300 90
500 Crown Point.... OS j 2OO 5S
500 Gould & Curry.. 14 300 Union Con 19
700 Mexican 11l
Afternoon Session
600 Belcher 0711000 12^4
400 Best & Belcher. 18 1000 Justice 05
1000 Bullion 03 800 Mexican 11
200 Challenge Con... 16 300 Savage 06
700 Chollar 08 200 Sierra Nevada... 68
1350 Con Cal & Va.. 35 600 ... . .67
200 361200 56
400 Crown Point OSI3OO 5S
300 Gould & Curry.. 12 1000 Yellow Jacket... 20
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. June IS— 4 p. m.
1 :d.Ask.| Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 08 ! Julla — 01
Alta 05 06 Justice 04 05
Andes 05 06 Kentuck — 06
Belcher 06 07.La.iy Wash ... — 02
Bfnton Con ... 04 — Mexican 12 13
Be?t & Belcher 1J 19 Occidental 65 70
Bulllon 02 03 Ophir 25 26
Caledonia. 14 lb|Overman 05 06
Chollar 08 09|Potost 10 11
Challenge Con. — 17|Savage 04 05
Confidence _ 35 Seg Belcher ... — 06
Con Cal & Va. 3« 38 Scorpion — 02
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 68 59
Crown Point ..07 08 Silver Hill .... — 06
Con New York. — ol|Syndicate — 03
Eureka Con ... — 20iStandard 160 165
Exchequer — 03 Union Con 17 18
Gould & Cnrry. 12 13 Utah 04 05
Hale & Norcrs. 77 80 Yellow Jacket. 20 21
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEU
O C Hanter NT T H Ward. Oakland
Mrs J M Studebaker. J M Stodehaker. Utah
I™* H M Ourham. Nev
T. R° be rts, D C | Mrs H M Onrham. Nev
Mrs E H Roberts, D C P W Berwal.l. Pa
J M Joshua, Aus Mrs F L Conklln. Cal
* L (.athall. Eng A Sturm. Chicago
E B Holmes, Chicago J Kopecky. Chicago
O D Depue, Chicago J Tlngley, Pa
S Schlefnin. XV L E Neergaaut. Or
S H Babcoclt, Utah ,Mrs L E Neergaaut. Or
J F Kilby, Cleveland !B U Stelnman, Cal
G V Coe. N V Mr* B V. Stelnman, Cal
L Tiffany. D C jMiss E Stelnman. Cal
G S Tiffany, DC 't Flent^ San Juan
T W London, Or |Mrs T Flent. San Juan
E S de Golypr. L Ang ,O P Jenkins, Stanford
A G de Oolyer, L AnglQ G Parsons. Madera
J Duiker. New Zealand J McNeil, S Cruz
J J i-nellinburg. Pa ,H H" Thompson, Cal
L C Trent, t'tah R e Jack Cal
E Bruce. Utah Mrs S X Lathrop. Cal
Mrs E Bruce, Utah Miss Pratt. Cal
H R Coombs, Utah O 1) Hemell & w. N C
C B Harden. US A W H Douglas Ad. 11l
F M Corwln, X J |j Vlosca & w. La Paz
Mrs F M Corwln, N J Mrs M Xewton. 2 c &
M S Hanauer, Utah m. Moscow
B C Hazelton. Utah T S Nolan. N V
T W Reynolds, USA M X Erlcson, 111
GRAND HOTEL.
C Smurthwalte, Utah J C Campbell, Cal
J Decker* w. St Lake L O W^lls. Reno
J Clast.yi-w. St Lak.> M l>avls & w, S Rosa
Miss Getting?. Utah L A Johnson. Cal
J Q MaJr, St Lake Mrs L Heal, Seattle
V C Weber. Indiana Miss B'-al. Seattle
C Minor & s, Areata H II Bell, Cal
I Murk.«, L Gatoa Mrs G A Meade, Cal
GII Camson. IT S A 'I A Caldwel!, N V
M C Hasltt. Cal H H Green, Salinas
G Lingo. Hlrds Lndg R Howard. S Diego
F Gouid. London Miss E Wood, Cal
Mrs Q Jpwctt, Fargo D Eisner, Suisun
Miss J Jewett, Fargo J Hood. Han ford
Miss II Jewett, Fargo capt Ladd & w, Stkn
KIM U Jewett, Fargo Mrs Carter!, d & a.
Ml?h I Jewett. F&rgO Santa Barbara
Miss (i Jewett Jr. N I) W S Davis, S Rosa
L Katz, Gutter Creek E Walters, Sacto
P Brady, Hnnford W Rennle & w. Sacto
C B Shaven. Fresno M Bepse. S Cruz
L P Swift, Fresno C M Blair. L Ang
T Cook, 8 L Oblspo J II Beecher. Cal
W P Hussey. Ind lDr - Faulkner. Salinas
BALDWIN HOTEL.
I Thomas, San Jo.«e B Holt, Stockton
M E Harris, OUkland IX Kenyon. Stockton
I' K'.mr. Bodle J Zimmerman & W, Cal
B H H. sir, Uodle R B Riga & w. Areata
Dr Bangs & w. Cal H C Smith. Phila
J Jones & w, Cal N E Thomison, Dela
U Drysdale, San Mateo H T Crosby Boston
L G Hare, Salinas A. B Cotts, Malno
L Kelley & w, Sonora C T Switzer, Raleigh
Mrs M Lewis, Montrey H T Layre, Richmond
\V A Caawetl, Sacto R T Huntlngton, Va
J O Eckel & w. Cal I R Sweet. St Paul
CJ B Hlrd & w, Sacto S R Porter, St Paul
F Somisp'-ar. San Jose M K«lly, Cleveland
III I II Kowenberge.r, 111 J G Sims. Newport
D Harrif & w. Cal R A Baling, Lenox
Prof H G Coyle, N V
nkw wmmcitN hotel.
F Van Dupre, Colo |R C Kennealy, Cal
Mrs 8 Va.n Dupre, Colo H L Allen, Tex
Miss Van Dupre, Colo iW S HortJi & w, Cal
B H Orland, Portland ,D O'Toole. Ar<i
II M JowiuJ i- -v. Or E E Elliott. Rio Vista
Z E BuoKiifr. tf Rosa Mrs Smith, Dixon
J J Moll, S Jose J Carson, Elk Grove
C Bonnli, liumpoMt J H Richards, Nev
P de Martini, Cal iJ Beli. Vallejo
J C Bur.-n,. Stktn < H Small, Sulsun
L H Levy, Fresno
REAL EbTATE TRANSACTIONS.
City and county of San Francisco to Emma
Lolor, lot on X line of Octavla street, 52:8>4 S
of Sacramento, S 75 by E 137:6: .
Charles H. and Laura C. Beals to Joseph M.
Comerford, lot on N line of McAllister street,
31:6 W of Parker avenue, W 25 by N 100:3 ft.
E 25. S 101:2; $10.
Estate of Theresa McGeehan (by Hugh Mc-
Qeehan, administrator) to John Devenney, lot
on E line of Pearl street, 100 3 of Ridley, N
35 hy E 20; JM6Q.
Jamea L. Gallagher to Pasqualina Pico, un
divided half of lot on W line of Lapidge street,
300 N of Nineteenth, N 25 by W SO; $10.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Ed
ward and Nellie Shields, lot on S line of Lib
erty street. 300 E of Castro, E 25 by S 114; $10.
Charles R. Bishop to Emma B. Dunham (wife
of James S. imnham), lot on NE line of Fre
mont street, 22"j:2 SE of Market, SE 45:10 by
NE 137:6 (.reserving $200 per month for life);
gift.
Ella Kaplan to Frank A. Meyer, lot on N cor
ner of Eighth and Minna streets, N\V 22 by NE
65; $10.
R. \V. and Mary E. Tansill to John Andre
sen. *lot on W line of Seventeenth avenue, 225
N of 1> street. N 25 by \V 120; $10.
B. and Margaret Sherry to Edith M. Sherry,
lot on E line of Twenty-eighth avenue, 100 B
of J street, S 150 by E 120; gift.
H. (i. Wilson to William F. Stafford, undi
vided third of lot on W line of Eighteenth ave
nue, If io S of M street, S 25 by W 120; also un
divided third of lot on E line of Eighteenth
avenue, 100 S of M street, S 2." by E 120; $10.
L. B. Holmes to F. E. Holmes, lot on N line
of I' street, 107:6 W of Thirty-eighth avenue,
W 25 by N 100; $10.
Alameda County.
John O. Morrison to Georgie Morrison, lot 14,
block F, Bay View Homestead, Oakland; $5.
Cosmopolitan M. B. and L. Association to
Lyman C. Parke, lot on W corner of East
Twenty-first street and Seventh avenue. NW
150 by SW 150, block 124, Clinton, East Oakland;
$10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Mary
A. Smille, lot 69, in Plat 27, Mountain View
Cemetery, Oakland Township; $460.
George Walsh to Henry Epstein, lot on W
line of Regent street, 222:4 S of San Jose ave
nue, S 25 by W 125 :3%. Alameda; $10.
Same to same, lot on W line of Regent street,
247:4 S of San Jose avenue, S 35 by W 12S-3 1 !
Alameda; $10.
Charles and Minnie Lalner, Charles A. Mau
(assignee Charles Lalner, Insolvent) and Claus
Spreckels (by commissioner) to Golden Rule
M. B. and L. Association, lot on S line of
Louise Btreet, 252 Jl W of St. Charles avenue
W 51:6 by S 125, Alameda; $2594.
Albert H. and Lydia Clark to Leland F
Clark, lot on N line of East Sixteenth street
365 W of Fruitvale avenue, W 40 by N 158 :o!
being lot 11. block A, Church Tract. Brooklyn
Township; $10.
E. L. and Cordelia F. Brlggs to J. C. Hollo
way, lot on S line of Eleventh street. 100 E
of Castro, E 45 by S 100, block 147, subject to
mortgage for $5000, Oakland; $10.
San Francisco and Oakland Mutual Loan As
sociation to John Auseon, lot on E line of
Fruitvale avenue, commencing at SW corner
of lot 2, block 772, Levy and Lane Tract thence
E 122, N 25. W 126, S 25.34 to beginning, being
block 772, Levy & Lane Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship: $10.
Frances C. and George G. Baker et al. (by
commissioner) to Mutual Savings Bank, lot on
W line of Wayne avenue, at corner common to
lots 7 and 8. block A. Peralta Heights, thence
W 75.55. S 142.63, E to W line of Wayne avenue.
N to beginning, block A, Peralta Heights, East
Oakland; $7164.
William H. and Frances Macklnnon to E. J.
Stewart, lot on W line of Market street, CO S of
Thirty-ninth, S 25 by W 103.70, Oakland An
nex; $10.
C. L. and Louise B. Goddard to Henrica Illo
han (wife of S.), lot on S line of Central ave
nue, 240 E of Park street, E 40 by S 120, being
lot 7. block C, Parsons Golden Gate Tract,
Oakland Annex; $10.
H. D. Austin to Charles E. Clausen, lot on
NW corner of Dwlnelle and Felton streets, W
160 by N 132:6. being lots 12 to 15, block 7. Case
Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Charles E. Clausen to Robert J. McMullen,
same, Berkeley, subject to deed of trust: $10.
P. R. Boone to Commercial Bank of Berkeley,
lot on N line of Durant avenue, 219.06 W of
Shattuck avenue, W 125 by N 130, block 1,
Barker Tract. Berkeley; also lot on S line of
Durant avenue, 449.30 W of Phattuck, W 75, S
130. block 2. snm<\ Berkeley: $ISSO.
Joseph and Juana H Nevis to CloOlde Bernal,
lots 14 and 16, Nevis Tract, Pleasanton, Murray
Township; $10.
*ailders' Contracts.
Adolph Mack (owner) with Kuss & Stores
(contractors), architects Newsom A Meyer
painting, polishing, tinting, etc., for brick am
frame residence on E line of Octavia street
52:SV 4 S of Sacramento, S 45 by E 137:6; JI3OO.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the T'nited States Hydrographio
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benelit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit tha
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The timeball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the timeball was
dropped on time or giving the error, if any. is
published the same day by the afternoon papers
and by the morning papers the rollowing clay.
C. P. WELCH. Ensign, U. S. N., in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Fublished by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city fnpnt (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-ljve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
JUNE— lIM.
Thursday, June 11.
Sun rises 4:41
Sun sets T:34
Moon rises S:SI a. Nx
3:5«
4:35
6:11
5:45
6:17
! 6:50
H W
0:18
11:'
U:i
3:1
11:03
{ 11:39
-*
! •.
2:
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the la^t or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height.
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height,
and then th« number friven Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters*
BTDAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Ascent City..
lomer [
"matilla |
ieotla ,
(rlzaba i
Vashtenaw.. ..
Crescent City
[Newport
i Victoria & Pugrt Sound
Humbnldt
iHumboidt
'Taniraa
Jristol
Vregon 1
anta Rosa '
an Juan j
Newport i
>*orth Fork I
.'OOB Bay
'hllkat
Empire
Comox .....'
Portland
San Diego
jPanama
Panama
Humboldt
Newport
Eel River
Coos Bay
Victoria 4 Puget Sound
Portland
Victoria 8t Puget Sound
Nanaimo
| Departure Bay
San Diego
Coos Bay
Portland
Oregon Ports
rune
r une2l
une2l
rune 21
rune 21
tune 23
rune 23
tune 24
rune 24
lueen
'olumbla '
;ity of Puebla.l
"itanla >
«'!ntffh'>w ■
"omona ;
ircata i
itate California
'"ulton |
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer, j
'omona
■hllkat ,
[umboldt ..;
tate of Cal
irrata
[omer
uraoao j
lelglc
>r!zaba ,
I Destination. I Sails. Pier.
'pan Diego June 16,11 anvPler It
Humboldt ....June 16. 9 anrPler 13
Alaska June 16. 4 ptn Pier 3
Portland ..Ijune 17,10 am Pier 12
jCoos Hay (June IS, 10 am Pier 13
Newport June IS, '• am Pier 11
Mexico iJune 18, 10 am Pier U
Chlna&JapaniJune IS, 1 pin FM3S
Humboldt ijune 19. 10 am Pier 9
.Portland June 20, 10 am Pier 12
Vie & Pgt Sd. June :'<>, hi am Pier 9
San Diego :June 20, 11 ajn Pier U
Panama 'June 20, 12 m PMSS
1 Newport June 22. 9 am Pier 11
Humboldt \ June 23. 9am Pier 2
I ml June 23, 10 am Pier 12
Oregon Ports. , June 25, 10 am Pier I
Destination.
>rpf?on
"iiiiitllla ...j
ianta Rosa
;an Juan...
'oos Bay...
Jorth Pork.
'olumbia ..
'ulton i
TIMEBALL.
Branch Hydrojrraphlc Offlcs. V. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. June
IR, 1898.
The tlmoball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m.. Greenwich
time. C. P. WELCH;
Ensign, U. S. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING IXTELLIGEXCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. June 15.
Stmr G*o Loomls, Brldgett. 32 hours from
Ventura. Alameda direct.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 15 hours from
"Austrian stmr Burma, Mikuliclch, 103 hours
from Nanaimo.
Schr Transit. Slater, 23 days from Honolulu.
Schr Monterey, Beck, 18 hours from Boweal
Schr Sequoia, Thwlng, 16^4 hours from For*
Bragg.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, June 18.
Stmr Pomona, Debney, San Diego, etc; Good
all. Perkins & Co
Br stmr Moana, Carey, Sydney and Hono
lulu; J D Spreckels A Bros Co.
Stmr Mineola. David, Comox; Pacific Imp Co.
Stmr Fulton, Mclntyre, Portland, etc; Gray
& Mitchell.
Bktn Arago, Perry, Santa Rosalia; F Bao-
Schr H C Wright, Olsen, Unalaska; North
American Commercial Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, June 15.
Stmr Empire, Nelson. Coos Bay.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson.
Stmr Jewel. Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr AVhltesboro, Johnson.
Stmr Bonlta, Nlcolson. Port Harford, ato.
Stmr Taku. Quinton, St Michael.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria an 4
Port Townsend .
Stmr Fulton, Mclntyre, Portland, etc.
Stmr China. Seabury. Manila via Honolulu.
Stmr Zealandla, Dowdell, Manila via Hono
lulu.
Stmr Senator, Patterson, Manila via Hono.
lulu.
Stmr Colon, Mackinnon. Manila via Hono
lulu.
Whal stmr Thrasher, Snow, whaling.
Bark Tidal Wave. AVlckberg, Tacoma.
Hark Sea King. Wallace, Port Angeles.
}<ktn Arago, Perry, Santa Rosalia.
Sihr Sadie, Smith, Vmpqua.
Schr Volant. Krog, Nehalem River.
Schr Eliza Miller. Christiansen, Port Blaka*
ley.
Schr Mar>' C, Campbell. Bodega.
Schr Roy Somers, Soiland. Grays Harbor.
Schr Chas R Wilson. Johnson, Grays Harbor*
Schr Edward Parker. Johnson, I'sal.
Schr John F Miller. Hans=en. Grays Harbor.
Schr Emma Utter. Allen. Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— June 16, 10 p. m.— "Weather
thick; wind west: velocity 14 miles.
charters!
The Euphrates was chartered prior to ar
rival for wheat and barley to Europe, 28s;
Frances Fisher, wheat to Europe, 30s.
Tne D*:tar.ce loads lumber at Grays Harbor
for Melbourne. 50s; Sea King, coal at Nanaimo
for Honolulu.
SPOKEN.
June 3—40 N 12 W. Ger bark Emm Pasejhs,
from Antwerp for Oiegon.
Per Burma- June IS at 8 a m— l 2 miles N"W
of Point Reyes. Br ship Western Monarch, fm
Honolulu for San Francisco. All well.
Per schr Transit— May 26—25 30 N 155 W,
schr Esther Buhne, from Honolulu for Saa
Francisco.
May 30—32 N 156 W, Haw bark Roderick
Dhu, from Hllo for Pan Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 15— Stmr Ellhu
Thompson, hence June 10.
Ssi!>»d June 15- Stmr Kadiak.
El 'REK A— Palled June IS — Stmrs Scotia and
Westport. for San Francisco.
NEWPORT— SaiIed June 15 — Stmr Coquilla
River for Pan Francisco.
ALBlON— Arrived June 15— Stmr Cleone, he*
'taTOOSH— Passed June 15— Br stmr Bristol,
from Departure Bay for San Francisco.
REDONI«> — Sailed June la — Schr San Buena
ventura, for Grays Harbor.
SEATTLE — Arrived June 15 — Schr Rattler.fm
Cooks Inlet.
El'REKA— Sailed June 15 — Stmr Sunol, for
Pan Francisco.
PORT ANGELES— SaiIed June 14 — Ship
Vlllard, for Honolulu.
EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORE— CIeared June 14— Ship Edward
O'Brien, for Pan Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VLADIVOSTOCK— Arrived June 14— Bark
Wllna, hence April 16; bark Edward May hca
April 12.
PITCAIRN ISLAND— In port March 11— Br
ship King George, from Tacoma for Queens
town.
V< iKOHAMA— Arrived June 14— Br ftmr Ta
coma, from Tacoma.
GT'AYMAS— SaiIed May 28— Schr Zampa, for
Grays Harbor. June 14 — Schr Reporter, for
Grays Harbor.
QI'EENSTOWN— SaiIed June 14— Br ship
Glenclova. for Havre.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June 13— Br stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver.
PRAWLE POlNT— Passed June B— Br ship
Bothwell. from Shields for San Francisco; Be
bark Inverlyon, hence Jan 9 for Dunkirk.POLITICIANS
ARE ACTIVE
Conventions Being Held
in Several States.
POPULISTS IN A TANGLE
MIDDLE-OF-THE-ROAD FORCES
RALLY FOR THE FRAY.
In Kansas There Are Indications <X
Compact Fusion of the
Free Silver
Forces.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA, June 15.— The regular Na
tional Committee of the People's party
met here to-day, and has a fight on
its hands to keep out the middle-of-the
roaders who last year organized the
separate Milton Park National Com
mittee. Many of the Park Anti-Fusion
Committee are members of Senator Ma
rion Butler's regular committee, and all
summer, through Martin Burkes of
Philadelphia, they have been working
hard to secure promises. The regular
committee, to offset the schemes of the
"middle-of-the-roaders," have secured
a large number of proxies also.
When the committee's roll was called
Jt was discovered that between 75 and
100 proxies were held. George P. Wash
turn of Boston has twenty-seven. Con
tests in Illinois, lowa, Ohio, Pennsyl
vania and several other States are to ,
be settled, and Chairman Butler ap- i
pointed a credential committee favnra- {
ble to his side of the question, consist
ing of Senator Allen of Nebraska, ex- ,
Governor Buchanan of Tennessee, Eit- |
weet Pomeroy of New Jersey, A. H. j
Carden of Kentucky and Congressman
C. A. Barlow of California, every one j
a fusionist. This committee is now I
considering the contests. The Park
Committee has not yet obtained any
material concessions from the Butler
Committee.
At midnight the conference had done
no business, the members waiting for
the report of the committee on cre
vrhlch has been in cession
• noon. There is a tight on over
the representations of Ohio and Illi
nois, which has consumed all the time.
At the hall where the n.nference is
to be held the middle of the road forces
are gathered and have voted down
many motions to take a recess until
rrow. They say the delay is to
tire them out and they do not propose
to be tired.
TOPEKA; Kan., June 15.— There is
. indication to-night that the plans
for the compact fusion-of th" free sil
ver forces of Kansas in the coming
State election will go through with a
hurrah. Three State conventions are
sitting, the Populists and Free Silver
Republicans in this city and the Demo
crats at Atchison. After adopting
platforms and appointing conference
committees to meet with committees
from the other conventions the Demo
crats and the Free Silver Republican
conventions adjourned until to-morrow
morning.
, The Populists fell Into a bitter
wraJigJe over State issues and were un
to agree on their platform. The
n lasted until very late at night,
adjournment was taken until 9
k to-morrow morning. It is hoped ,
•tie the differences by that time.
There is very little doubt of the ulti- j
result of the three conventions, j
: r it is as good as settled that all of
the present Populist State officers, with
cue exception, will be re-nominated by
Of the three conventions. The ex
ception is in the case of Laeutenant
rnor Harvey, who has gone to war ;
and it is probable that his place on the
ticket will be given to a Democrat.
The Free Silver Republicans ask for
nothing but fusion. Their convention
is attended by but forty-three delegates
and the sentiment among them simply
favors indorsing the action of the other ,
conventions. The platform which was
adopted to-day reaffirms the free silver j
declarations made by the Republican !
State Convention on September 4, 1890. j
The Populist Convention was in ses- j
Eion until a very late hour owing to j
radical differences on State issues.
MINNEAPOLIS, June 15.— The State
ontion of the Democratic-Populist
.party and Silver Republicans was held
here to-day arid fusion was accom
plished by a compromise. The middle
of-the-road element of the Populist
party to-day, led by Ignatius Donnelly,
nearly accomplished the bolt they had
planned. The middle-of-the-roaders
showed unexpected strength and at
tempted to control the Populist Con
vention, though they were finally out
voted. A committee of seven from each
convention to act in joint conference
•was appointed without trouble by both
the Democrats and Silver Republicans,
but with the Populists the friction was
bo gTeat that the entire day was con
sumed in discussion of fusion, the anti
fusionists threatening to leave the hall.
During this discussion Sidney M.
Owen administered to Ignatius Don
nelly one of the most scathing arraign
ments that was ever given to man in
public life. He accused him of being
a traitor to the People's Party for a
money consideration and called him a
villain, a monster and. a vile thing. Th^
wildest excitement prevailed.
Both the Democrats and the Silver
Republicans endorsed the Chicago plat
form and the candidacy of TV. J. Bryan
for the Presidency. The Silver Repub
licans also endorsed the initiative and
referendum. The Joint conference com
mittee had a lively session and it was
agreed to divide the offices to the three
p.-irtie?, allowing the convention to
make the nominations. John Lynn, the
Filver Republican, who has been a
candidate for Governor twice, was in
dorsed for Governor. The Populists
were allowed, the offices of lleutenant
governor, auditor, attorney general,
clerk of the Supreme Court.
The Democrats were given the nomi
nations of the secretary of state, state
treasurer and one of the judges of the
Supreme Court. The joint conference
< >mrnittee recommended that Judges
Bu«k and Canty, at present pitting, he
named by the three parties. John Lynn
was nominated by the three conven
tions for governor. J. M. Bowlps was
nominated for lieutenant-governor~tiy
the. Populists and endorsed by the
others; J. J. Heinrich for secretary of
*tate; Alex McKlnnon, state treasurer;
Justices Mitchell, Canty and Buck for
the Supreme Court bench.
At a late hour the Populists had«Biot
filled the remaining offices allotted to
them.
FRESNO, Juno In.— Tho Populist and
Democratic conventions held in this
cftjr yesterday and to-day have prac
tically completed their labors. Fusion
has been indorsed unqualifiedly, and
the best of understanding exists be
tween the two parties. Resolutions
have been adopted by both conven
tions, condemning the extravagance in
officers of the present Board of Super
visors, Democratic, Populist and Re
publican alike. Supervisor Ward (D.)
Is made an honorable exception to the
other members of the board. The
nominations made are as follov.-s:
For Sheriff. J. D. Collins: District At
torney, L. O. Everetts; Tax Collector,
J. B. Hancock: Assessor, J. W. Fergu
son; County Clerk, George W. Cart
wright; Auditor, A. S. Hays; County
Treasurer, J. P. Nelson; Superintend
ent of Schools, J. W. Ramsey; County
Surveyor, C. IX Davis; Recorder, James
M. Ktrr; Public Administrator, W. O.
Miles; Assemblyman. Sixty-second
District, John Fairweatner: Sixty
third. L. P. Griffl.n: State Senator, Six
teenth District, Henry C. Haskins.
OAMDEN, N. J., June 15.— The prohi
bition State convention to-day nomi
nated George Lamonte of Bound
Brook for Governor. The present nom
inee was the prohibition candidate for
Governor in Wsl.
ALLIANCE, (Jtiiio, June 15.— Robert
W. Taylor was nominated for Congress
by the Eighteenth Ohio District Repub
lican convention to-day.
STRANGE INSECT THAT
FEEDS ON SUGA* BEETS
Professor Duncan Stirling Makes an
Unwelcome Discovery at
Salinas.
• MONTEREY, June 15.— News cornea
from Salinas of thediscovery of a hitherto
entirely unknown beet pest, and beet
growers in that section are considerably
disturbed over its appearance. Professor
Duncan Stirling, an enthusiastic student
of entomology, is the discoverer of the
insi ct. He was examining' the vegetables
in his garden about a week ago, when he
Bait upon one of his beet plants a pe
culiar Insect. The stranger seemed vigor
ous and was enjoying himself. Professor
Stirling found upon investigation several
more like him.
Obtaining a specimen, he at once for
warded it to the agricultural department
of the University of California. Professor
Hilgard was unable to identify the insect,
so he passed it over to the entomological
department. Professor C. W. Wood worth,
head of that department, arrived in Sa
linas yesterday to make a thorough ex
amination and careful study of the pest.
So far. Professor Woodworth is undecid
ed as to whether it is native in California
r has been brought from Europe, where
i; [a common, and does great damage to
sugar-beets.
A Hy, much like an ordinary house fly,
lays a minute white egg upon a leaf of a
beet plant. From this a small *orm is
hatched, which burrows between the lay
ers of the leaf. After eating all the sub
stance out of the leaf, the worm forms a
chrysalis and falls to the ground, where
it remains until ..he fly emerges from it.
The various stages of evolution are passed
in a short space of time.
If the insect is not native. Professor
Woodworth thinks it must have been
brought to California in the beet seed im
ported yearly in large quantities from
ny.
The beet fields in both the Salinas and
Watsonvllle sections are to undergo a
thorough investigation before Professor
WiM-xlworth comes to a positive decision
regarding the nature of the pest and the
means to exterminate it.
DYING WOMAN
TAKES REVENGE
Triple Tragedy in a Ta-
coma Cafe.
JEALOUSY INCITES MURDER
TWO LIVES TAKEN BY A MAN
FROM DYEA.
He Is in Turn Shot and Killed With
His Own Revolver by One
of His Expiring
Victims.
TACOMA,, June 15.— James D. Bart
lett of Dyea entered a stall of Chil
berg's restaurant in this city this
morning, drew a revolver, and
shot Clarence D. Emery and Mrs.
Lilly Chandler. He was in turn shot
twice and killed by the- woman with
his own revolver. All three parties to
the tragedy are dead.
The woman formerly lived with Bart
lett in Dyea. Two weeks ago she came
to Seattle. Yesterday she met Clar
ence Emery, who was a bartender on
the steamer City of Seattle, and who
brought her down from Dyea. Bartlett
came here to-day and traced the wo
man and his rival to the restaurant.
Emery and the woman were seated at
the table eating when Bartlett entered
with the waiter.
As soon as the latter made his exit
from the stall Bartlett drew a revol
ver and shot Emery through the right
breast, the latter staggering to his feet
and going out into the adjoining stall,
where he fell dead. Another shot struck
the woman in the left shoulder. The
murderer dropped the revolver and,
picking up a case knife, stabbed her in
the cheek. Mrs. Chandler obtained the
revolver and fired two shots, killing
Bartlett almost instantly. The woman
was removed to a room, where she died
in a half hour.
WASHINGTON MASONS
RECOGNIZE NEGRO LODGES
Colored Men Permitted to Fraternize
With White Members of
the Order.
SEATTLE, June 15.— The Grand Lodge
of Free and Accepted Masons of the State
of Washington, how in session in this city,
took action to-day that will be of uni
versal interest. For the first time in the
history of Masonry in America negro
lodges are recognized as legitimate and
their members privileged to fraternise
with white nvmhers of the order.
It was in 1755 that the Grand I>odge of
England substituted the word "freemen"
for "freeborn" In their rltunl. and that
year issued a charter to Prince Hall
Lodge of Massachusetts, which was com
posed of colored men. Subsequently
Prince. Hall Lodge issued charters to
negro lodges throughout the United
States, but no regular subordinate or
Grand Lodge has affiliated with these
colored brethren. The question of recag
nition has been the subject of much bitter
controversy in various States. Washing
ton takes precedence in extending greet
ing, anil her lodges may be visited by all
freemen who are members of any regular
Masonic lodge.
NEW COMET OBSERVED
BY PROFESSOR PERRINE
The Lick Astronomer Adds Another
to His Long List of
Discoveries.
LICK OBSERVATORY, June 15.— A
comet of about the tenth magnitude was
discovered here this morning at daylight
by C. D. Perrlne. Its position was right
ascension 3 hours 29 minutes, declination
north :A degrees X minutes, in the con
stellation Cameloparvalis. It became in
visible in the daylight before accurate
measures could be secured to prove that
motion existed.
Mr. Perrine reobserved the comet after
dark this evening and determined its
daily motion to be east 1 degree and 34
minutes, south hi. of a degree. The object
can be seen with a moderate-sized tele
scope.
A telegram received by the observatory
announces that another return of Encke's
periodic comet was observed by Tebbutt,
;in Australian astronomer, on June 11. It
Is not in position to be seen from observ
atories in the northern hemisphere.
Read "The Curse of the Camp," by
Alice Bix,
In next Sunday's Call.
THE SA^ FRAXCISCO CALL, THUKSDAr, JUWJC 16, 1898.
RECRUITS FOR
THE SEVENTH
Officers Open Lists in
Southern Towns.
MORE THAN ENOUGH MEN
SAN JOSE COMPANY ORDERED
INTO SERVICE.
Astor Battery From New York Ai
rives at St. Louis En Route
to San Fran
cisco.
Special Dispatch to T.he Call.
LOS ANGELES, June 15.— Lieutenant
Colonel Schreiber of the Seventh Regi
ment, California Volunteers, arrived
here from % San Francisco to-day and
immediately opened a recruiting office
for the purpose of filling the companies
of the Seventh to their full strength.
Lieutenant Dass, who is recruiting for
Battery D, heavy artillery, has ob
tained thirty-five of the fifty-four men
wanted to complete that battery. He
will leave for San Francisco on Satur
day.
SAN DIEGO, June 15.— Captain R. V.
Dodge of Company B, Seventh Califor
nia Regiment, who was sent south from
San Francisco on recruiting duty, ar
rived in this city to-night, accom
panied by one of each company of the
First Battalion of the regiment. Cap
tain Dodge's task here is to recruit
twenty men, and It is already per
formed, several times that number
having volunteered. From here Cap
tain Dodge will go to San Bernardino,
Riverside and Redlands to obtain ad
ditional recruits.
PORTLAND, June 15.— Under the
second call of the President for troops
Governor Lord to-day issued instrue-
I tions for recruiting to its maximum
strength the Oregon Regiment of Vol
unteers now on its way to Manila. Ore
gon's quota under the second call is 330
I men.
Troop C, Fourth United States
Cavalry, from Walla Walla, spent the
day in Portland and left this evening
for San Francisco. The Oregon Em
ergency Corps supplied the cavalrymen
with an elaborate lunch at the armory.
SAN JOSE. June 15.— Company B,
Fifth Infantry, will leave for San
Francisco to-morrow or next day, word
having just been received from the ad
jutant general that the Fifth had been
called Into service as a full regiment.
Company B is ready to start with 192
men.
DENVER, June 15.— The Soldiers 1
Aid Society of this city is kept very
busy these days entertaining troops
that pass through here, en route to San
Francisco. Every train bearing troops
is met and refreshments served to the
soldiers. Fifth lowans were fed to
day. 150 more will be entertained to
morrow, and 150 Kansas and lowa sol
diers will sample Denver's hospitality
on Friday.
Colonel Fred H. Funston of the
Twentieth Kansas Regiment was the
guest of the society to-day. Colonel
Funston, who is the son of ex-Con
gressman Funston of Kansas, was, un
til a short time ago, chief of artillery
in the Cuban army. He came home
suffering from wounds and disease. He
rapidly recovered and was given com
mand of the Twentieth Kansas Regi
ment, now at San Francisco, awaiting
transportation to Manila. He has been,
for the past three weeks, in confer
ence with Generals Miles and Shafter
in regard to the invasion of Cuba.
Colonel Funston left for San Francisco
this evening.
ST. LOUIS. June IB.— The Vandalia
train brought In the Astor Battery
from New York to-day, and after the
men had been refreshed with a sub
stantial breakfast at Union Station,
the iourney to San Francisco was con
tinued. Lieutenant P. C. March is in
command of the battery, and with him
are three officers and ninety-nine men.
They arrive in a train consisting of
three tourist sleepers, one coach and
three baggage cars.
Before starting on west the train waa
enlarged by the addition of seven cars
containing horses and mules, ohe flat
car with two army wagons and one box
car. The box car contained pack sad
dles, bridles and accoutrements. The
mixed train, now consisting of an en
gine and sixteen cars, will be operated
as a special by the Missouri Pacific to
Pueblo, by the Denver and Rio Grande
and Rio Grande Western to Ogden and
thence by the Southern Pacific to San
Francisco.
CHICAGO, June 15.— The first lot of
Chicago recruits, eleven In number,
destined for service In the Philippine
Islands, left to-day for San Francisco.
UNKNOWN WHEELMAN
FATALLY INJURED
Strange Bicyclist Found Unconscious
at a Roadside Not Far From
Monterey.
MONTEREY, June 15.— An unknown
wheelman was picked up In an uncon
scious condition near the foot of the long
Carmel HUI yesterday r by a teamster,
who was driving Into Monterey and who
had found a bicycle with several blood
stains on it before coming upon the man.
The teamster brought the' man to Mon
terey, where medical attendance was pro
cured and an effort made to identify him.
All that could be learned was that he
was from San Jose and was staying at
Pacific Grove. The attending physician
believes his chances fpr recovery are
very slight, as his head .Is very badly in
jured, and up to this time he had not re
gained consciousness.
It is supposed the wheelman attempted
to coast down the hill, and, losing control
of his machine, was thrown. Carmel Hill
is not steep, but being very long and the
road being serpentine, it is an exceedingly
dangerous one for wheelmen, and many
accidents have occurred upon It.
♦
A MUNICIPAL
PRINTING PLANT.
Los Angeles City Council Urged to
Establish One in the
City Hall.
LOS ANGELES, June 15.— A petition
was filed with the City Clerk to-day ad
| dressed to the Council praying for the es
; tablishment of a municipal printing plant.
= The petition sets forth that for the sum
; of $1500 a printing plant could be placed
! In the basement of the City Hall and that
| It could be operated by the city, and that
| all job printing required by the city, for
I which thousands of dollars is annually
paid, could be done at a saving of about
6 ptr cent In cost. The petition further
asserts that the city could employ skilled
labor to perform the work and could af
ford to pay the price for it established by
the Allied Printing Trades Council of Los
I Angeles. Such a municipal plant Is being
! operated In Boston with satisfactory re
j suits.
The proposition was discussed about the
City Hall to-day and met with general
! favor. It will come up at the next ses
sion of the Council.
Death at Stockton.
STOCKTON, Cal., June 15.— Rev. Dr.
Monroe, formerly pastor of th« Firßt
Presbyterian Church, Is dead
SHOT INTO
A NARROW
GAUGE TRAIN
Mrs. J. B. Melvin Hit
by Pieces of Glass.
NO LIGHT ON THE MYSTERY
UNEXPECTED DANGER IN THE
HEART OF OAKLAND.
Railroad Detectives and Police Are
Not Able to Find a Clew
to the Inci
dent.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 15.
i ive shots that were fired into the nar
row-gauge train at Eleventh and Webster
streets this morning have given the police
and a couple of railroad detectives a
lively hunt to-day with no result.
The 10:46 narrow-gauge had only gone a
couple of blocks from the depot when a
charge of shot shattered one of the win
dows and sent the fragments of glass all
over the opposite seat, where a lady was
sitting. The shots had such great im
petus that they went clean through the
window, and each made a little hole about
the size of a pea. There was some excite
ment, but no one was seriously hurt, al
though one lady was cut on the forehead.
In the car were Dr. Ernest B. Boyes,
Mrs. J. B. Melvin, sister-in-law of Deputy
District Attorney Melvin, J. Byers, a
photographer, and others. Dr. Boyes was
occupying two seats, with his feet di
rectly under the window through which
the shot crashed. Mrs. Melvin was sit
ting opposite to him on the other side of
the tar, and the flying splinters struck
her forehead and made a few slight cuts,
but fortunauly did not touch her eyes.
Mr. Byers was seated in front of Dr.
Boyes, and was looking out of the win
dow. The shots passed close to his face,
and he . was considerably agitated, not
knowing what might follow. The con
ductor took the names of the passengers
in the var. and later the detectives and
Officer Amert were working on the case.
"The shots seemed to come from a
large cypress tree, at the corner of
E.eventh and "Webster streets," said Dr.
Boyes to-night, "They were probably
fired by some- lad, but it was very dan
gerous sport. They passed right over my
feet, and the glass splinters etruck a
lady sitting across the aisle. r ihe shots
had considerable force, as they went clean
through the window. There are two
email houses near the corner, and the
shots seemed to come from between them.
The -iain was making too much noise for
one to hear the report of a gun. Such
work should not be permitted in the cen
ter of a city."
Inquiry in the houses in the neighbor
hood failed to produce any information,
as there is no boy known to have a gun.
No light was thrown on the affair by the
investigations of the detectives or police,
and it has caused much interest, as it oc
curred in the heart of the city.
A Chinese laundry is near the scene of
the shooting on Eleventh street, but those
employed there claim to know nothing of
the affair.
ROYAL ARCH MASONS MEET.
Grand Chapter Convenes at Carson
and Elects Officers.
CARSON, June 15— The chapter of the
Royal Arch Masons convened in Masonic
Hall to-day. The folowing officers were
ilected for the ensuing term: J. M. Mc-
Cormack, grand high priest; O. A. Percy,
deputy grand high priest: M. A. Murphy,
grand king; John Hancock, grand scribe;
Enoch Strother, grand treasurer; C. N.
Noteware, grand secretary; \V. \V.
Stephens, grand chaplain of hosts; J. A.
Miller, grand royal arch captain.
WRECK NEAR GOLD FLAT.
Three Traveling Men and a Tramp
Reported Injured.
GRASS VALLEY, June 15.— The N. C.
N. G. R. R. train between here and
Nevada City was ditched near Gold Flat
on acount of the brakes failing to work.
The coaches and freighteara were de
railed. It Is reported that three "drum
mers" and a tramp were injured.
Kern Populists Oppose Fusion.
BAKERSFIELD, June 15.— The Popunst
County Convention was held here yester
day to nominate a county ticket. Part of
the ticket was nominated, and the con
vention adjourned until September 2.
Strong resolutions against fusion wero
adopted. _
Forged Warrants in Circulation.
OL.YMPIA, Wash., June 15.— The discov
ery has just been made that there are
forged Washington State warrants in cir
culation. The amount already discov
ered is between $8000 and $10.000.
LIVELY BOXING BOUTS.
Dahl and Carroll Fought Six Hot
Bounds in the Alpine Club.
The Alpine Athletic Club gave a very
successful Rnd interesting boxing enter
tainment on Tuesday in its gymnasium,
28 Golden Gate avenue.
The first event was a Blx-round contest
between Ed Wiley and Young McDonald,
which was won by McDonald, although
Wiley stood out well against solid shot.
Pat Lynch won a decision over Joe
Kane The boxers smashed each other in
the customary give-and-take style for
eight rounds; the soft smashes of the
gloves on the body could have been heard
a block away, but where hard and sting
ing blows are administered very little
sound follows..
What, really should have been the ev<>nt
of the evening was a six-round bout be
tween the light-weights Emll Dahl of the
California Athletic and Swimming Uu'.>
and Dick Carroll of the Han Francisco
Athletic Club. Jim Ryan was selected ro
referee the match. Carroll, who is a
rangy fellow with extraordinary reach of
arms, looked very determined when he
faced his stocky but well-built opponent.
During the first round Dahl brought tne
claret from Carroll's left ear by a well
directed right swing, but shortly after
ward Carroll, with a savage upper-cut,
rattled Dahl's teeth. Dahl at close rnnge
landed several times and finished the
round with points in his favor.
In the second round Dahl sent Carroll
to the floor with a right swing in the neck.
but came very near committing a foul by
striking Carroll while the last-named
boxer was on his knees watching a chance
to regain his pins. Dahl had the better
of this round.
The third round was hotly contested. It
was give and take, but Carroll score! a
lead by well directed uppercuts.
The fourth was tolerably even. 0ut"I1
suited out well but in the last half of the
round Dahl went in for short-range fight
ins? und had the best of the finish. This
round was an even thing.
In the fifth round Dahl held his fire back
too lone and allowed Carroll to score too
many points, which gave Carroll the lead
in points at the finish.
Both men went at the game hammer
and tongs in the last round, but Carroll
was growing weak and Dahl had won a
decided advantage when the gong sounded
th-» finish of the contest. The referee
awarded the fight to Dahl, much to The
surprise of Carroll's friends.
•'With Dewey at Manila," and pic
tures taken from photographs of the
great naval battle, by Joseph L.
Stickney, the special war correspond
ent of The Call, who stood on the
bridge of the flagship Olympia dur
ing the fight.— ln next Sunday's Call.
R. P. SCHWERIN
CALLED DOWN
Must Admit Reporters to
the Mail Dock.
A BITTER PILL FOR HIM
HE HAS TO SWALLOW IT AND
MAKE NO FACES.
The Call's Expose of the Peking's
Pig Pen Besulted in First-Class
Quarters for Soldiers in
the China and Colon.
The person whom Collis P. Huntington
saved from court-martial and dismissal
from the navy, one R. P. Schwerin, has
come dovin from his high horse.
His descent was sudden, and every bone
in his siuggy anatomy was jarred in con
sequence.
Reginald Picayune dreamed that he
owned the water front, just as Col
lis P. once dreamed that he owned tne
Oakland water front. Reginald awoke
only to find that the State Board of Har
bor Commissioners has considerable to
say in regard to matters pertaining to th«
harbor and wharves, and the awakening
was a iude one. Like the indolent Turk,
he dreamed that all and sundry trembled '
at his power, and, like the Oriental, awoke ,
to find his dream was oniy a dream.
When the first fleet of transports was I
being fitted out to go to Manila with i
troop 3 The Call pointed out that the
bertha and accommodations being put in
the City of Peking were not as good as •
weri furnished the Chinese coolies who ;
travel year in and year out on the boat.
At this Mr. Schwerin got very angry, and
issued orders that no Call reporter should
be allowed on the Mail Company's wharf.
On different occasions various members |
o f The Call's staff tried to get down to
thf; transports, but were invariably re
fused admittance.
Things came to a head, however, when
the steamer Belgic of the Occidental and \
Oriental Company's line arrived from I
Hongkong with news from Dewey's
fleet. Representatives from every paper
in town flocked down to the wharf and
every one of them gained admittance save
three representatives of The Call. One
of the latter tried to force his way down,
and was forcibly ejected "by Mr. j
Schwerin's orders." The matter was laid
before the Harbor Commissioners, and
that body at once informed the autocrat
of the Mail dock that he must admit The
Call representatives to the wharf or else
exclude every newspaper man in the city.
Mr. Schwerin swallowed the bitter pill
and now The Call men come and go at
pleasure.
The publication of the manner in which j
the Peking was fitted out has done a |
great deal of good, and the boys in blue
who sailed on the China and Colon yes
terday have The Call to thank for having
first-class quarters. When the work of
fitting out these two vessels was first ;
begun, Schwerin out of pure cussedness i
was going to put in the same, kind of i
bunks that had been put in the Peking, j
The Call heard of this and informed the i
public and the army officers of the fact, i
The result was that such fixtures as had
been put in the China and Colon were
torn down and quarters equal to any
thing put in any of the troopships were
fitted up. The fight is now over and i
Reginald Picayune can go back to his '
dreams, but in future he will confine his
efforts after absolute power to his own !
quarterdeck. Even there he has to be j
careful, because when a lieutenant on the
quarterdeck of a sloop-of-war— but then
that story has already been told. '
Hutchinson Libel Case.
Attorney Joseph Hutchinson was In
structed and arraigned in Judge Mogan's
court yesterday on the charge of libel
preferred by Attorney Henry N. Beatty.
The case was by consent continued till
June 22. Hutchinson was. represented by
ex-Judge Ferral and Attorney J. N. E.
Wilson and some interesting develop
ments are expected!
Read "A Busy Day With Secretary
of War Alger at the White House,"
in next Sunday's Call.
y^™>^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A-fc^ftSa^^^HEAKXTKT. Established
B*tfjWß ln 1554 for treatment of Private
625 MEARSY NT. Established
in 1554 for the treatment of Private
nil Ufrffll DiftettSfs, Lost Manhood. Debility or
•99BHWM disease wenringon body And mind and
OHHHQnI Skin r>lae*B4»s. The dociorcttres when
w^wnMßwi 'itheis fall. Try him. Charges low.
SiHlfSH Cnrrit nurantrrd. Call orwrlte.
»r. J. *'. UIBBO.V, Box 1937, 5au Francisco.
OCEAN TBJLV£JL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
K^ Steamers ' leave Broadway
'ffilk^ wharf, San Francisco.
i BSfiiS^. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
5 IGSfwws^ June B 10 ' 15 20 - -' - 30 - Ju B >
1 »A ißrfAfr^ transfer at Seattle. •■-"..•
i tmiS&Ssjgfi For Alaskan porta (from
I HWa-Cj«<*SMi Folaom-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
{■""^HSaHa June 5, 26, July 17. August 4. ;
25, transfer at Portland, Or.
-, -T*.,' For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
C) i Port f ownsend, Seattle, ■ Tacoma, Ererett.
Ankcortes and N«w Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
m , June 5, 10. 15, 20, 25. 38, July 5. and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry., at Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver
For Eureka ' (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. . m..' j
June 1. 7, 13, 19. 25. July 1. and every sixth ;
day thereafter. ■ . - " _ '■ ■ ,
For Santa Cni», Monterey. Ban Simeon. !
Cavii'-os, Port .Harford ' (San Luis Obispo),
Gavlota, Santa '.' Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) I and
Newport, 9 a. m.. June 2, 6. 10. 14, 18, SB. 26, 30.
July •■ 4 and every fourth day tnercaf ter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis - Oblspo), Santa Barbara. ' Port
Los Angeles and • Redondo (Los Angeles)," U
a. m., June 4, 8, 12. 16. 20. 24. 28. July 2, and
every fourth day thereafter.
■'• For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., June 17.
July 2 ■ * •
• For- further Information ODtaln folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous" notice steamers, sailing dates
gr ,i hn'ir« Milllni.' ' ' .'
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
street- (Palace Hotel). •■ "• '. .
• GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 01 R. &N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTL 2ST D
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE 812 F!r«t Class Including Bertk
iMnU JSB Second Class and Meals,
SCHEDULE OF BAILINGS:
Columbia .......; .June 6. 14, 23
Slate- of Ca1if0rnia................ June 8. 17, 26
""Oregon ....' ..................June 11. 20. ,28
Bt. Paul .....$l6 00| St. Louis ..........$32 00
Kansas City .... 26 001 Chicago. 27 60
Omaha 26 00! New York .....;.. Jl 00
. - . K. C. WARD. General Agent. .
- ',:■- 630 Market st. '■
GOODALL, PERKINB & CO..
,- ■■;■■■■■ Superintendents.
Compagnie Generale Transatlanfique.
; French Llne.to Havre. ' _
Company's Pier .' (new), 42 Nortt :>*«»&•: >*«»&•
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <&fKT.r\
by this line avoid both transit by^'"*«U»
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New <; York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, . $180;
second class. $116. ■ • ■ ■'•"
LA BRET A GNE-. ••• June 25. 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE .......July 2. ,10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE. .............July 9. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE July 16. , 10 a. m.
I LA 8RETAGNE... ..........:... July 23. 10 a, m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE : TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent. -— - r - ■ ,...
- No. S Bowling Green, New York. -
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye.', Sari Francisco. ■•-; ; - ;• . . -.■ ■ ,
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montioelle." V. |
Mon., Tues., '■■ Wed.. "-. Thurs. and Hat.. ,;...,-. i
S:4S a. m.. S:l5 p. tn. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs >
Fridays .. ............... ....1 p. m. and 8:80 p. m,
Sundays ................ io:RO a. m. and Ip. a,
. Landing and Offices— Dock. \ Pier S. -■
Telephone Red tSU. *
ri ■ •i. /•' ■ -■'-(%*■ ''w ■■'■■ '
Auction Sales
P. «I. BARTH, Auctioneer.
THIS DAY. :; V/
THURSDAY ..............June 16. IS9S j
■• - ■. At llo'clnek a. m..
At 414 McAllister st., the nearly, new furniture :
and carpets t>f a 6-room flat; chance fordealcrs. •
=1
OCEAN TBAVEL.
fNPHIBIff Tne S. S - MOANA
wllHlliL Ealls vla Honoluiu and •■
rjy ™ 8811W Auckland for Sydney J
U -J^~->v Wednesday, June 15, :
CbxS"^ L' \ at 10 p. m. ,
rSlPiiniStllD • " The Bailin for Hono-
(ylKimjlllU lulu j une 29 ls can
/smF)3|7U*celed.
VW'l l =r. Line to COOLGAR i
DIE, Australia, and CAPE TOWN, South |
Africa. ■ • . ■
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents, '
' ■ * r IH Montgomery st.
i Freight office — 827 Market st., San. Francisco.
DIRECT TO PARIS. LONDON, HAMBLRO.
F. Bismarck.... June 30JA.. Victoria — August' 11 '
F. Bismarck July 28] F. Bismarck.. August 25 1
1 WIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE,
NEW YORK-HAMBURO DIRECT, '■-'
Pennsylvania... 25|Pretorla ....... .July 9 |
Palatla. ...July 2|Patr1a............ July 16
Hamburg-American Line. 37 Broadway, N. Y.
! HEKZOO & CO., General Agents Pa/^lnc Coast,
| 401 California St., oor. Sansome, San Francisco.
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
, RAILWAY COMPANY. •
Titmr*n Ferry* Fo** «1 Markst Si*
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN r.AFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:35, i
8:30, 5:10, 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:50 !
! ' and 11:30 p. m. ■-•""<.'
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
j . S:OQ, b:2O p. in. ' -
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
! WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
I 3:40, 5:10 p. m. _ Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 p. m. and <'■■'■'•■■ p. m. • . ."-.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 3:40,
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave . Arrive
] San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
| — April 23.
Week | Sun- 1898. Sun- • | Week
j Days. | days. Destination, days. | Days.
7:30 am T:00 am Novato, 10:40 am | 8:49 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 10:25 am
5:10 pm| 5:00 pm| Santa Rosa. | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, lU:2i am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am| Cloverdale. | 7:35 pm fi.'iZ pm
| 7:30 am - Hopland and • 10:25 am
3:30 pm S:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pmj 6:22 pm
! 7:30 am ••-■-,. • 10:23 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm .
: 3:30 pm ■ ■ \ 6:22 pm
I 7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 ami 5.40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm[ Glen Ellen, j 6:10 pm 6:22 pn
7:Soam 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10. am
| 3:30 pm 5:00 pm ," I 7:35 pm 6:2. pm
Stagen connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
i terville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
I the Gsysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
! Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and ' Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
i Lake, Porno. Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
Bide, Lierley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin .Heights,
: Hullville, Booneville, Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
1 docino City. Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
j reduced rate.«.
■ On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
i beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st.. Chronicle bldg.
A. W. FOSTER.- ' R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Erery Day Pullman P«lace Sleeping Car*
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars .
Run on the Following Time V
tenve Ban Franclsco.4:3o p. m., S.M.T.W.T.F.I* i
Arrive Denver ......6:00 p. m., W.T.F.B.S.M.T. j
j Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W;
Arrive St. Louis «:15 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Ch1ca»0.......9:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W,
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOM 6
•ervo Superior Meals at Very Reason*
able Rates.
yOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
If You Travel on the Santa Pa
Ml FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE— 644 MARKET SI
Chronicle Building. j Telephone Main 1520.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street.
Sin Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1. 1898, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. , ~ North-bound.
Bassen- I Mixed ■ " Mixed Passen-
ger I Bunday Sta- Sunday ger
Dally. jExc'pt'd tons. Exc'pt'd Dally.
7:20 am 9:ooam Stockton- 3:45 pm s:4opm
! 9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 pm 3:53 m
i 10:40 a m 3:50 p m Fresno 9:30 a m 2:20 p m
i 11:35 a m 6:45 p m Hanford 7:45 a m 1:25 p m
2:45 p m 11:60 p m B'k'rfl'd 2:30 a m 10:15 a m
12:06 pm 7:50 pm Vlsalla 6:40 a m|12:55 p m
Stopping •at Intermediate : points as required.
<- Connections — Stockton • with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 6
r> m. dally; at Merced with stages to and '
i from Snelllnga, Coultervllle, yoaemlte. etc ; !
' also with Fitage from Hornltos, Marl posa, etc.
at Lankershim with stage to and from Madera.
™•■ , i
Farmer : This is the third time since Spring yon
have lost your time because you don't feel
well enough to work. If you will buy
some Ripans Tabules and take one at
night, or one after each meal for a day
or two, you'll be all right, and stay so,
too, if you take one when you notice that
you begin to feel bad. I don't use a
dozen a year, but I always keep them in
the house.
FORCED AUCTION SALE
EnoFiira Horse Marlet, 220 Valencia St
. THIS DAY.
Thursday, June 16, at II a. m.
By order of JOSEPH NASH, Mortgagee, wa
will sell all the property of T. P. NEWELL,
who js retiring from the livery business. Thl»
stock consists of Horses, Business ' Buggies,
Open and Top Buggies, Road Buggies, a fln-»
Six-Seater, Hack, Rockaways, Surreys.
Wagons. Carts, Harness of all kinds, etc., etc
This sale ls positive. No reserve or limit.
For further particulars Inquire of JOSEPH
NASH, 18 Post et., or of
SULLIVAN & DOYLE,"
, Live Stock Auctioneers.
■ Office. 327 Sixth St. : -
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
«oirin;i;\ i*A<:ifr'lC COJIPAHT.
... (rACIIiC HYMTieM.) ■,
TrHl» lr»ir nml »■'<' «ln«i to nrrlv* »* .
■'-.--■-•-. SAN riC.%N<IM'«».
(Main Line. Foot of Market street) p
ibave — Prom Jpke 1. 1898. — ' AamtTK
•6:OOa Niles, San Jose »nd Way Stations... *2s*s*'2 s *5*'
7:OOa Benlcia, Suisun *nd Sacrauieuto — ■•:■••»*
7:OOa Mwysville, OroTille Reddiiig vi»
WoofUanu ;.......... .; s|J}5 |J }2 r
7:OOa Vacaville and Rumsey. f»i43p
7iSOa Martinez, San Uamon, Vallejo. Nap*. •
CalUt<iga auil Santa. Rosa 2X2 X . 2 **
' 8:00 a Atlanti.- Hxjiress, Ogilcn and Kast.. S:i»r
»:SUa Nilt-s. Sun Juse. Htockton, lone,
'..,-. "., SacraineDto, Marysvillu, Cnico, -I •
Tehaiua and Ke<l Itlutf ......y ii > l'2 r
•8: 3OA Peters, Mi1t0n, 0akda1e........ ..... »7«15r
0i«Oa New Orleaus K>i>rera. Merced, l'rei-
: - '■■■:(■:■ no, Kakenn«l(V Santa Jlarliara, .
• ' > Jos Angeles, DeraiMg, Xl Paso,
New Orleans and Ea»t 9i4Hr
1O:OOa Vallejo, Martlnei and Way Buttons 7i43r
. •IxOOr Sacramento Kiver Steainen....^... Bs <»« r '
San Jose, Nilas and Way Stations... J»:l3a
8:OOp Lirerraore, Mendot*. Hanford and
.;■ Visalla... .' 4il3p
Lino-more, San Jose, Niles »nd Way .__ _■
Rtationi .— . *!£ls*
; Fresno, Yoaeraite, Merced, Martiuez 1«:I5P
. 4:O»i- MRrtJiieK,' San lUinon, Vallejo.
Nani. < Mtatom. Xl Verano and -.„ '
SmiUKogu........ B>ll1 *
4:OOi« Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
KuiKlits lAudiiig. Maryavllle, Oro-
ville MiilSßcrßii.ento...... •• 'S""1'1 A
4iBop Niles. San Jose, Trtcy and Stockton .. 7:ISf
4 :30p Stockton, Lodi, Oakdale (Jaaies- _
town for Yo«emh», Merced l»il»F
4:30p Lathroji. Modesto. Meroed, Berenda
• (Kaymund for Yosemite), Fresno,
Mujave, Sauta Ilurbara and 1.01
amk«i.*:; • »•*?.*
4iBOr SbiiU Vv. It.nito, Atliintlo Kxpress - -
for Mnjavu ami Kiut.... 6s p
OiOUr Kiinnieiiii Mall, Ofc-.len and Ka«t.... 9:45 a
•6:»«i' Vnllejo... .'. 1»:»^P
6:OOr lliiywanK Nllt-saiul San .l»«e 7:4»A
t?(Mp V»llejo, Port Costa and Way SU-
ti'.ns.: Jo:43r
IttOOpOrt'KUii Kxi>rn«i..Su«riiiiiento. Mar>'Sv
. vilie, ItoiMlng, P«irthiii<l, r»g»t
S..LH.I m»l Hist. ..: ..■■...... »<I»A
SAN I,r\NUU() ANO II V \V A ttl»S I.UCAI..
' (Foot of Market Street.)
1 jHelrov, Sciniimry I'ark, ( " : A J\ A
SiOOa KilrhKurv, KlnilmrKt, •tJJHJ*
.« ! » •* K«li l-Mi..lro,.So.illi S.n J^st
III.OOA I.«l..!ro, r>lu.llllO, ,2:!3p
tl2-«io.M ' I.or«i*o, Tlierry • tli43p'
<:t:o«p ; ai«l t« :l "'«'
ri:(»ni> - Hajwnnlß. l5:J5p
7:oOp < Runs tlimuKli to Niles. • T«43p
. J t From Nilpg. \
- COAST I»I V l-»l«»> (.NiirnuT JJange).
(Foot of Markt'l Street.)
J7s4sa Santa Crr.z l-.nun-.ion, H;inu Cruz
and Priicipal Way Stations.; J8:03»
8:15 a Newark.Ceirturvilie.Ban Joße.Felton,
Boul der Crt ek, Sanl a Omz and Way
Stations 5i30»
•»il3p Newark CentervWe. B«n Jose, New
Almaden, F^-ltoa, Boaldot Creek,
Santa Cniz and rrinci|>al Way
•'.i . B!atioos "10:50 a.
4tlsp 8»n Jose. Gletiwood & Way Stations 0:80*.
q4:lsr Bouldrr Creek itnd Sar.U Qnn...... j»:2«>A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS FRIHCISCO-Fcot of Mirktt Street (Slit 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 *2:00 ' t3:00
' •4:00 . t5:30 " *6:00f.M.
From OHIUIID— Foot of wij_— 'C-.00 8:00 10:O0t.M.
tI2:CO *l:00 }2:00 *3:CO Jl:00 *3:00 p.m.
~~ (OAST l»| VISION (Uroait Mange).
-. (Third :u.d Townaeml St-^.) •
•7:OOa San Jiwe itml Wuy StaUi.ns (New
Alinsilen Wedneadsysonly) ll80»
J7::10a Sunday Kicuraii for San Joe*.
Sinta Cruz, r»cifio Grove and
Priudpal Way SUtlons J8:85»
»:OO* Hail .loee, -Trcs I'inos, Hiinta t-'riir.,
l'auitic (itove. l'a»o Kcl.ka, Bun
L '-i; - ;vV'r l.ni.i OliiKpo, Giud&lupe, Surf and
>' . i'.inci|..-il Wiiy .Stations. 4:I»r
ICCIO* San .lone Hint Wiiy St»tion» »8:00 a
II::»»a San Jose ami Way .Stalinns ....... »Bi33a
•2i45i-San tUUa. lUnlwood, Menlo Park,
' Palo AUo, Manta Clara. Han Jooe, <
Uiiioy, HoliUter, Santa Crnz,
SKlinus, Mnuieivy and Pacllic
(Srove IO:864
•a:3«H« San .li.»e and W»y Stations *U:»«A
•4:1.1t- San Jose Principal Way Stations »:43a
•Sioop San Jose and Principal Way SUtions 6:»3*
S:3Op San.lote an<l Principal Way StatioM . 3:3 Up
' <i::iOf San Jose and Way Stations v 7:30r .
jll:13p San Jose and Way Stations 7:30f
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excenteii. t Sundays only, i Saturdays O'jly
I Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing May X. IB9J.
WEEK DAT&
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo, •8:09^
•9:30, 11:00 a. m.; U:4o. 3:20, 4:00, 6:15. H.O».
6:30 p. m. ' ■
F.xtra trips for San Rafael on Mondays. .
Wednesdays. Saturdays and Sundays at 11: M
p. m. 1 r <.: .r
SUNDA
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *»:00.
•10:00, 11:00. 11:30 a. m. ; 1:00, '1:45. •2:30. *4:00 l
B:30, 6:45 p. m. .. • . .
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'n*.
j-20 p. m. — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:ir. p. : m. week days (Sat. Tomales and
way stations. .
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way ara'n.
I MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave Ban . Francisco, . commencing: May L
1898: ■ 1 - . •■-V'TT: v
Week Days— a. m., 1:45 and 6:15 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 9:00, 10:00. 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
1:80 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. *L
•i*HOS. COOK & BON, Acents. Cl MarsH
■treet. San Francisco. '
1112
SAND CRABS'
WEAKNESSES
Base-Running and Bat
ting Prime Causes.
CHANCES IN BASEBALL
PLAYEES MUST TAKE THEM ON
BASES.
A Team Fielding Perfectly, Yet TJn
able to Run Bases or Bat, in
Reality Is Not a
Team.
BY JOE CORBETT.
I have watched very closely the play-
Ing of the Beachcombers since th© con
solidation and I must say that out6lde
of the Gilt Edges there Is not a team
that I have seen play as good a game of '
ball In the field as this team. That they
should meet with so many, reverses Is
bothering a great many of the fans,' the I
majority of whom have pinned their
hopes on ttieir being near the top when i
the season la finished. To do this, how- !
ever, the Sand' Crabs must change theii j
Btyle of play, especially at critical stages, \
and they must also devote a great amount i
df their spare time to batting. This lat- j
ter weak: ra to lie their groat
fault, yet they are by no means whirl
winds on the bases, and it would not be j
a bad idea for them to study up on this ;
very necessary qualification. In fielding
could hardly do better work. In
they have given the best exhibition:
ady playing I have seen this s.-ason, ;
bo in That respect I will say that there is
hardly any room for improvement. Hut
how Is it that these Beachcombers, hav
ing as good a fielding team us apy In the
league, barring Sacramento, should lose ,
.any games?
The question is a trifle puzzling, and
while I have not had an opportunity to
witness their defeats away from San
Francisco, still, from what I have seen
i lr work, it is very evident to me :
that, inability to hit, combined with poor .
running and an occasional stupid
as Balsz's sacrifice last tracur
day with a man on third, art the prime
as why they are so often defeated.
igh playing a superb tame in the
field.
It is possible that they have not had an
• luck (and luck, by the
way la a factor in baseball not to be des
.. but this scarcity i | entlal
good will would not, 1 am afraid, Oil up ,
lumn. The boys will haye 1
• the ball and bit it when hits are
absolutely necessary, If they expect to be
race at a.l. Then, again, it is most
essential to the team's success that base
running be encouraged among the play
era. outside of one or two who do not ;
get on the bases enough to display their i
ability In tins particular line there is a:
icking of this art. True, baae-Bteal
• these 'lays of advanced baseball is
a very difficult matter, yet the player
er that in plays where two
distinct throws must be made the chance
for one of them being wild is always in
his favor and he -should figure on this
chance when attempting to steal.
In one game the Sand Crabs lost by the
almost usual margin of one run. Three
rtunities to Bcore were offered them,
but they failed to take the chance. In
Instance the play was identical:
A man on :irst base and one on third.
The one on first attempted to steal, and
r threw clear to second in the
itching him. Here was a chance
at man on third to score. It w.is
v.i baseball is largely a
.if chance, and players must try if
they expect to accomplish things. That
er vii tliii': have been pre
pared for just such a play. He could have
bis bj securing a fair lead, and on
g the l>a!! go to second, dasheu for
the home plate. His chances of Bcoring
were very good. To catch him the back
- throw to second had to be perfect
and likewise the return throw to the plate.
The play being so close and rapid and the
ball handled so quickly., there is no time
for aim, and the chances of the throw
from second to the plate being wild are
never better.
This is just an instance of where
chances for runs have been thrown away
because a player Is either afraid to take
a chance or does not know how to run !
I nice again I say players to be ;
Bsful must take chances, especially
when on the bases.
The Beachcombers are not the only
players deficient in this line. There are
any number of them visible at Recreation
Park on Saturdays and Sundays, and I
would suggest that they, too, learn to
appreciate what it is to take a chance In
baseball.
Another point the Sand Crabs are ap
parently very weak in is the proper thing
to do when the situation is critical. In
last Saturday's game Mr. Balsz made a
play in the last inning with a man on
third and one out, which should have lost.
Instead of winning the contest. He sac- ;
riflced with the Infield playing close, and >
Ite the fact that he disclosed his in
tention quite a time before the ball was
pitched, the play proved successful, sim
ply through the inability of a player to I
move or throw rapidly. Because this play
turned out according to calculations, it
does not necessarily follow that it was
the correct one to make under the cir
cumstances. It was not. and very far
from it. If Schultz. who received the ball,
had not lost so much time pulling himself
together the runner would never have
■ '.. and the chances are that the game
would have been lost, or at any rate
should have been lost, when a chance to
win was not properly taken care of. Bear
in mind, ye unfortunate Saul ("raits, when
the infield is playing in, the chances for
a hit are never better. Do not sacrifice
under such circumstances, as the proper
and only play is to hit the ball.
Outside of base-running and batting
they, as far as I can see, axe a great
team. Their fielding has been much ad
mired by all lovers of the game in this
city, but fielding alone cannot win games.
Runs are the little points that count and
it takes batting and base-running to
score them. Really a team that does not
bat and run bases in one sense of the
word Is not a team. The Sand Crabs.
however, must not be looked upon in such
a light, for they have the material and
the making o-f a championship dub, pro
viding they improve in the two depart
ments I refer to. I understand that last
year nothing In the Bhape of a baseball
team could touch these* Sand Crabs.
One might infer from this that their slide,
down the toboggan this season is due to
hard .luck. They certainly are having
their share of it yet they are not play
ing the game at bat h:i<l on the base's.
Until they improve their batting optics,
run bases daringly and do the proper
thing when the game depends on that
particular play, I cannot see how they
can hope to be near the top unless some
of the hard-hitting dubs drop dead.
I have overlooked Mr. Balsz. How such
. a mistake could have been made I am at
a loss to know, for Mr. Bate* is thr>
greatest throwing pitcher I ever saw. and
I have se<n some good ones. I do not
wish to speak disparagingly of this gen
tleman's ability np a pitcher, for I believe
him to be second to none on the coast
that is, when he refrains from going up
in the air. It is very bad form, this as
cension business, especially so when '.here
is really no occasion for it, and Lou
ehould endeavor to work up some fooling
for mother earth. A good way to <io this
would be to throw all balls to ba?es un
derhand. In this manner wll-1 throws
over the bleachers may be don<: away
with and the ascension postpone*. l Indef
initely. Thly wild-throw arc of Lous is
beautiful ■•vren the score is tie. a m-.in on
third ar.d me run needol to wii> the
' game. It Is then that Lou breaks all
long-distance records and scapes Manager
Tuttle out of a year's growth. Cut out
those wild, unnecessary throws, Lou, Is
the prayer that majestically wends its
way "Friscoward," emanating, no doubt,
from the baseball headquarters of the
Sand Crabs.
Bead "A Busy Day With Secretary
of War Alger at the White House,"
Ux next Sunday's Call.
LUMBER
DEALERS IN
A QUANDARY
Many Would Like to
Sell, but Hold Back.
THE MARKET IS DEMORALIZED
EFFORTS BEING MADE TO UP
HOLD THE TARIFF.
Jobbers Trying to Prevent Firms
From Following the E. K.
Wood Company's
Example.
Strenuous efforts are being put forth
by the men who compose the Retail
Lumber Dealers' Association to induce
the E. K. Wood Company and two or
three other firms to return to the fold
and uphold the price of lumber. As was
stated exclusively In The Call a week ago
the E. K. Wood Company broke away
from a prearranged agreement of the
combine by placing a bid before the
Board of State Harbor Commissioners
agreeing to furnish lumber at $11.50 per
thousand feet instead of the agreed rate
of $14.50, virtually demoralizing the lum
ber market.
Since the firm's action was made pub
lic meetings have been frequently held
: by the association with a view to bring
ing the deserting firm in line again. Com
mittees have been appointed to visit the
members of the E. K. Wood Company
for the purpose of pointing out to them
the error of their ways, but have al
■ ways reported back a lack of success.
Other members have gone to other firms
to induce them to join the association
\ and thus add greater strength by their
: co-operation.
While there are signs of harmony
among the lumber men who compose the
i association, yet it is thought that others
will follow the example of the Wood
company and bid for the plum held out
for them by the Harbor Commissioners.
Fur this reason the jobbers are working
hard to hold such dealers that appear
shaky within bounds. Their task may
prove a hard one, owing to the present
condition of the market, mainly caused
.by the dry season experienced in the
State. Throughout the San Joaquin Val
: ley yards have been closed, for the time
being, as farmers have not . realized
money enough to make extensive im
provements. This has caused such firms
as Simpson & Co. and the Pacific Pine
Lumber Company to curtail their output
i by running their mills either on half time
, ur stopping 1 them entirely.
As was stated by a prominent lumber
man yesterday, "the market has become
glutted and such firms that have large
quantities of the commodity on hand are
w'ilini; to dispose at a less figure. This
Is bound to happen once in a great while
and hts a demoralizing effect on the mar
ket. About a year ago lumber was sold
at J7 GO. which is a little below cost, but
it gradually raised until $14 50 was
reached." The association held to this
price for quite & while, until the Hum
boldt Lumber and Milling Company cre
ated a stampede by offering to supply the
School Department at a price much lower
than the understood tariff and which was
followed by the E. K. Wood Company re
ducing their price to the Harbor Commis
sioners to a low figure.
Although trade has been falling off dur
ing the last three months nearly 25 per
cent, yet every effort will be made by the
big dealers to prevent others in following
the example of the above mentioned firms.
It is believed, however, that the tempta
tion to dispose of material to the Harbor
Commissioners during the next six months
at less than the E. K. Wood Company
bid is too great, as the profit to be gained
by doing so will be worth the trying. It
is therefore predicted thiu fifteen min
utes before the bids are opened on the
21st of this month other firms will break
away as did the E. K. Wood Company.
As to the latter company, they say:
"We furnished the Commissioners for a
long time at $8, and I guess we can stand
it at $11 50."
MIDWEEK THEATER NOTES.
Good Business the Rule at the Va-
rious Houses.
The double bill at the Columbia, "Po'
White Trash" and the farcical comedy
"Number Nine," will be continued by the
Frawley Company until next Sunday
evening, Inclusive. The company Im
proves with acquaintance, but next week
in the comedy drama "Aristocracy" they
have a better opportunity ■to display
their abilities in high class work. "Num
ber Nine" Is drawing well and the sale of
seats for the remaLnder of the week has
been, large.
At the California beginning next Sun
day night a familiar acquaintance, the
"Prodigal Father," will be produced by
a company including Lynn Welcher, Rose
Melville, Bert Swan, Logan Williams and
others. Bright, clean specialties,, excel
lent music and clever comedy are prom
ised. The play is highly amusing and at
popular prices, 15, 25 and 50 cents, should
be well patronized. ' ■ •
The "Passion Play" at the Baldwin,
with its vivid pictures of the famous pro
duction and - appropriate music, Is quite
entertaining and is enjoying an increas
ing attendance. It is given at 3 and 8:30
p. m. "and well repays a visit.
The Orpheum with its long list of ar
tistic specialties maintains its standard
of excellence and as a consequence
crowded houses are the invariable rule.
This is the last week in which Kendall
and several other of the clever special
ists may bo seen. ..•
Louis Morrison as Count de Mornay, In
"A Celebrated Case." at the Alcazar, is
playing to a very satisfactory business,
which promises to continue during the
week.
"I'nder the Polar Star" at Morosco's,
with its fine scenic effects and strong
dramatic situations, is having a deserv
edly successful run, notwithstanding it
is in its third week.
Theso are the last nights of th» Tlvoli's
fine production of "An American Hero."
It is elegantly- presented and deserves the
patronage that is being accorded It. This
is a good place to buy a laugh and get
your moneys worth.
Cannon, "the fattest man on earth," is
proving a bonanza at the Chutes, and
with the many other attractions helps
to make a very enjoyable entertainment.
OVEREND DID NOT ANSWER,
Complaining Witness in a Criminal
Trial Adjudged Guilty of
Contempt.
Alfred Overend of 10 Franklin street
was adjudged guilty of contempt of court
by Judge Wallace yesterday afternoon,
fined $500 and sentenced to be imprisoned
In the County Jail until 10 o'clock this
morning. Overend is the man who a
short time ago manifested his confidence
in Minnie Campbell, a woman of the ten
derloin district, by loaning her $2200 to be
used as bail money for the release of her
father, who, she said, was charged with
murder in Ixis Angeles. Investigation
proved that her story was false, and in
consequence Overend caused the arrest of
tlie woman and her accomplice, William
Lewis.
Overend relented later and when the
case came up for trial before the Superior
Court he'refused to testify on the ground
that he might incriminate himself. Prose
cutor Black interrogated the prisoner at
length, but he refused to respond to any
question. The court was appealed to and
Overend was ordered to answer the ques
tions. He refused and Judge Wallace ad
judged him guilty of contempt. When
court convenes this morning he will be
again questioned, and in the event of a
refusal on his part to answer he will in
all probability be sent back to the cell be
ocpupied last night
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 16, 1898.
UNFIT FOR USE
AS A HOG PEN
A Roast for the Rickety
Old Pesthouse.
PLAN TO REMOVE IT
A SITE ON ANGEL ISLAND MAY
BE SEC UK ED.
Estimates of the Expenses of the
Health Department for the
Coming Fiscal
Year.
The Pesthouse received another roast
at the meeting of the Board of Health
yesterday, but this time something la
likely to be done in consequence. Dr.
Hereford, the City Physician, denounced
the place as unfit for habitation, and
James Keating, the steward, added his
testimony as to the generally broken
down condition of the old institution.
In Dr. Hereford's report the place is
termed a disgrace to the city, but the
steward comes down to more specific
terms. In his report to Dr. Hereford he
says :
Dr. William S. Hereford. City Physician: I
wish to call attention to the condition of this
Institution (the Pesthouse). It has been allowed
to go to decay for so many years without any
attempt at repairs of any kind that it has be
come rotten everywhere. The buildings are rot
ten, the foundations rotten, the Bfwers, water
closets, plumbing, all rutten. The roof leaks
like a sieve, and in case of rain the patients
have to move their beds from one j>!aee to
another to get out of the wet, for if their bed
ding gets wet they have no chance to dry it, as
tlu-re is no way of having stoves and iires in
the wards. Consequently after a ra.in the place
is cold, wet and damp, and nut a lit place to
keep animals, much less human brings. It does
seem a shame to compel these poor unfortunate
people to suffer for the want oi a decent build
ing to end their days in. They do not complain
at being isolated from the rest of the world,
but feel that they are entitled to a comfortable
building. To attempt to rt-pair these rotten
buildings would be folly and money thrown
away. They w»re built twenty or thirty yean
ago and were put up in the cheapest manner
possible, as they were only intended as tempor
ary, and they have been rotting away ever
since. I have been expecting them to blow
down every storm that we had. Reppe. tfully
submitted, JAMES P. KEATING.
• Sfward.
The two communications were read to
the board, and it was decided to try to
secure a site for the hospital on Angel
Island. To that end, Mayor Phelan and
Dr. Fitzgibbcin were appointed a com
mittee to correspond with the United
States authorities for the purpose of se
curing such a concession. Should the
committee be successful In Its negotia
tions the Pesthouse problem may De
solved by the erection of a substantial
building on Angel Island.
Drs. Victor F. Luchetti, Oscar Tobrlner,
William Bell and Henry Abrahm were
recommended by the medical department
of the State University for appointment
as internes at the City and County Hos
pital. The appointments were confirmed
by the board.
"The monthly financial statement showed
an expenditure of $i 3.241 21 tor this month,
most of which is for salaries.
It was announced that the Mayor had
offered to donate a library and a building
for the same for the use of the inmates
of the Almshouse. The offer was accepted
and a vote of thanks to the Mayor was
passed.
The nomination of Dr. P. S. Bruguiere
as interne for the polyclinic ward at the
city and County Hospital was approved.
Dr. Gallwey reported that as a result
of a communication from the Health De
partment all deaths and infectious dis
eases at Camp Merritt will be reported
to the Health Office.
It was decided to request the Supervis
ors to make terms with the Olympic Salt
Water Company for salt water for flush-
Ing the sewers. •
The application of the California Un
dertaking Company to exhume the body
of a child who died of diphtheria and
remove it to Oakland for reinterment
brought up the subject of compulsory
cremation for all who die of infectious or
contagious diseases. The Health Officer
had refused a permit for the disinterment
on the ground of danger from the disease.
The following estimate of expenses for
the coming fiscal year has been prepared
by the department:
Health officer. J3000; secretary. $2100; assist
ant secretary 11200; clerk vital statistics, $1200;
clerk health officer, $1200; statistician. $1200;
messenger, $900; stenographer, $&00; chief
plumbing Inspector. $150f>; two assistant plumb
ing Inspectors, J3SOO; eight health inspectors.
$9600- one bakery inspector, IS*); two bath and
laundry inspectors, $1*00; chief market in
spector. J12"": six assistant market inspectors.
*540 - public vaccinator. $1200; cigar fiictory, in
spector. $»0; two garbage transportation In
spectors $1W; Janitor, $C0O; bacteriologist.
$ISOO- assistant bacteriologist. $S00; helper to
I bacteriologist, $420; chemist. $lS00; mlcroseop
' ist $1200- first assistant chemist. $1200; second
assistant chemist. $900; veterinary surgeon,
$1500; Janitor, $900. Park Ambulance Station-
Two' assistant police surgeons. $]SuO; two
drivers flSOO; two matrons. $1440. Ferry Am
bulance Station— Three assistant police sur
re..ns $2700; two drivers, $lS00: two matrons.
$1440 Food Inspectors Department — Chief
food Inspector. $2400; eleven assistant food in
spectors, $9900; six 'dairy inspectors. $5400; four
cattle inspectors. $4*oo. Total salaries. 186.500;
expenses of Health Department, $20,000; total.
j $110,500.
The appropriation last year was $SO,OOO.
FOOTE GUILTY OF CONTEMPT.
Fined for Calling Opposing Counsel a
Liar in Open Court.
Altogether the Examiner and counsel
representing its proprietor In the action
Instituted by Martin Kelly to recover
damages for libel is out $11. One dollar
of this vast sum must be paid to Kelly
to recompense him for the "great dam
age" his reputation suffered by reason
of the libelous article complained of, and
$10 represents the sum of a fine imposed
upon W. W. Foote for contempt of court.
Foote. who represented the Examiner,
was adjudged guilty of contempt, and
purged himself thereof during the morn
ing .session yesterday. The attorney was
objecting to certain statements being
made by a witness called In rebuttal by
Judge Hates, who presented the inter
ests of Martin Kelly, and Judge Bates
was insisting that testimony had been in
troduced by Foote which called for the
testimony of the witness on the stand in
rebuttal. Foote denied that testimony
had been Introduced on the part of the
defendant in the action calling for the
testimony opposing counsel wished to in
troduce In rebuttal and undertook to state
the testimony actually introduced In cvi-
dence.
He was interrupted by Bates, however,
who said: "Mr. Foote, you're misleading
the Jury* You are not stating the facts
correctly. You are purposely misstating
the facts in order to get what you want
before the jury."
Foote was angry in an instant, and in
a voice that echoed up and down the cor
ridors of the hall said, "That's false."
"What?" queried Bates.
"You lie!" answered Foote, who was
trembling with rage.
Here the court interposed and mildly
inquired, "DM I understand you, Mr.
Foote, to say that counsel lied?"
"Yes, your Honor," replied Foote, "and
I'll stand by my statement."
"Mr. Foote." said Judge Daingerfield,
"I adjudge you guilty of "contempt. I fine
you $10. Foote produced the required
amount without delay and the trial was
resumed.
The case was argued in the afternoon
and then submitted to the jury, which re
tired to deliberate on a verdict. In half
an hour it returned and entered judgment
in favor of the plaintiff. Martin Kelly, for
the sum of $1. He evidently considered
it a victory, as he r/omplimented his coun
sel with smiling face and then left the
courtroom.
Suing an Employment Agent.
"W. A. Shepard, the employment agent
•whose license was revoked by the Super
visors at their last meeting, Is being sued
by one of his clients, Benjamin Wein
zopflen, for $299 99 damages for fraud.
The plaintiff alleges that he was told
there was a job for himself and wife and
he could secure it by paying a fee of $3.
He paid the fee and was told that the
man who wanted him would be in the
next day to talk to him, but the next day
no one came around. Shepard said he
would be in the next day, but tho same
disappointment occurred and so it went
on for nearly a month.
Then, the complaint alleges, Shepard
told the plaintiff he would be wanted to
start for the country the next day to
where the place was awaiting him and
his wife, and in order to be ready Wein
zopflen says he sold his household goods
and sent his children up to Cloverdale,
where his wife's mother resides, but when
he reported himself ready to go he was
told the place was not open. He alleges
that he was defrauded of his $3 and that
the stories of places waiting were toli
only for the purpose of defrauding him.
He has therefore brought suit tor dam
ages.
KEELER ADDRESSES REGENTS.
The New Director of the Lick Ob
. servatory Makes a Few Timely
Suggestions.
Professor Keeler, the new head of the
Lick Observatory, addressed the Regents
of the University of California at their
monthly meeting on Tuesday and gave a
brief outline of the work he purposed
during the summer months. He began by
complimenting Professor Schaberle on
the splendid condition of the institution
v hen It was turned over to him on June
1 Alter paying hla respects to a local
editorial writer who accused the Observ
atory of obtaining barren results he dis
missed It by saying that that was the
general belief of the people, but
among the world-famed astronomers the
observatory enjoyed a high reputation
for efficiency. He . declared it his 'nten
tlon to devote this summer to a study of
the Crossly reflector, which, he said,
would, with, a few changes, prove a val
uable aid to research. Professor Keeler
closed by discussing the Btudents who are
engaged in astronomical work. His sug
gestions were listened to with interest by
the board and It is probable they will aid
him In his duties.
Previous to his remarks the board ap
pointed W. S. Morley analytical assistant
in the mining department and R. S. Mor
ris assistant in the chemistry depart
ment..
A letter sent by Regent Relnsteln was
then read tnanklng the Alaska Commer
i clal Company for its generous gift to the
college.
1 ue medical department of the univer
sity sent a communication petitioning
to be set on the same footing as the uni
versity. This brought up a warm dis
cussion, but as the matter was an impor
tant one action was deferred to the next
meeting, when a larger attendance might
I be present.
Regent Houghton reported tha^ the col
| lege buildings at Berkeley were fully pro
, tected against loss by fire by pipes lead
ing from the newly erected reservoir.
Regent Arthur Rodgers moved that a
committee of three be appointed to con
sider the advisability of establishing a
| professorship In national relationship.
; Regents P-.elan, Wallace and Rodgers
; were appointed.
The Regents will meet at .11 a. m. In
i future and hold a continuous session.
President Kellogg was directed to con
fer with the new dlrect6r of the Lick
University and report a plan for such
lectures to be given to the students of the
university by the staff at the Lick as
they may think best for the university.
Instruction in the Cantonese languages
is to be given to students at the opening
of the term. A well-known interpreter
in the Federal service may be asked to
accept the office.
« <m »
Read "The Curse of the Camp," by
Alice Rix,
In next Sunday's Call.
■ ♦ ■
Worden's Sentence Commuted.
As predicted by The Call Governor Budd
yesterday commuted the death sentence
of Train-Wrecker Worden to life impris
onment. His attorney, George W. Mon
teith, is jubilant over the results of his
efforts in his client's behalf, though he is
still convinced that Worden was innocent
of the crime laid to his door.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS? OFFICE of ths San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
887 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
€21 McAllister street; open until »:30 o'clock.
Cls Laikln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 18 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; opes
until 9 o clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until f o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until » o'clock.
1505 Polk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. ■
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _/*_
EVENING, Juno 16. at 7:30 o'clock. TTjf
Third degree. By order of the Maßter. 'Vi
"* FRANKLIN* H. DAT, Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M., •
121 Eddy Bt.— Called meeting THIS
(THURSDAY) EVENING. at 7:30^3?
o'clock. Second degree. All sojourn- 'V^
ing brethren are invited. By order of
THOS. L. HILL, \V. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
FRANCO-AMERICAN Lodge No. vfjfeya*
207, I. O O. F.. will meet- on^gggße.
THURSDAY, June 16, 8 o'clock -is^BWJ?
p. m. Amendment to by-laws. "'''"*•
P. BIOUB, N. O.
R. LAVIGNE. Secretary. . ,
THE members of the Mission Hlfrh School
Club and of the Mission Improvement Club
are cordially invited to attend the closing
exercises of the Mission High School at the
new High School building at the comer of
Eighteenth and DoloreH sts., at 1:30 p. m.
TO-DAY (THURSDAY). June 16.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THEY are closing out underwear! hos?erv\
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow shams, table covers,
towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth St.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made-
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. SKSO.
MISS K. CLEVELAND, from the East- Baths.
assistants. 29 <irant aye., room 1.
MRS. ALICE FAT, magnetic heaTer. 147 Pow-
ell Ft., room 2.
MISS MVRTI.E POTTERrio2I Market, rm. 12,
opp. Baldwin; steam baths and massage.
MISS VIOLA TURWELL of New Orleans"
baths and massage. 1118 Market St., room 8.
MISS L. DEAN. 917 Market st.. parlors U and
12, Turklnh baths and massage treatment.
MISS SHELDON, steam baths and chlropodfsT
10» Market rt.. moms 9 and 11.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, $1 up-
done Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 3d.'
MISS GREY. 12 Eddy st.. room T~ alcohol and
massage baths; hours 12 m. to 10 p. m.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, expert chiropodist; genuine
electric vapor baths. 204 Sutter st.
ETTA RALPH, returned; thermal baths, mas-
sage. Parlors 1 and 2. 32 Turk st.
PEARL HARRISON and" assistant, magnetic
treatment, massage, I2OH Geary st.. room 2.
MME. HANSEN, latest galv^nlcTbattery "and
cabinet baths, m; Taylor :-:t.
MRS STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
__baths._wovs Geary rt, room 11.
ALYINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15' /S Turk and UIS Market, run, 15-U.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND n.->tlce— San Francisco Savings
Lnlon, r>32 California St., corner Webb— For
the half year ending with the 30th of June,
IS9S. a dividend has been declared at the rate
per annum of four (4) per cent on term depos-
its and three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent on
ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on
and after Friday. July 1, 1898.
LOVHLL WHITE, Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 56 (50 cents
per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office of
the company, 327 Market St.. on and after
MONDAY, June 20. 18T-.S. Transfer books will
close on TUESDAY. June 14, IS9S, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary-.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
REFINED Protestant infant's nurse desires
situation; best references; city or country-
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter Et.
REFINED, middle-aged Protestant woman de-
sires situation; $12 to $15; good cook; best
references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation at house-
work or as nurse; $10 to $15; references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German waitress and seam-
stress desires situation; best references; city
or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
AWAITING situations — Several first-class
waitresses and chambermaids; also hotel and
boardlng-houße cooks; city or country. Please
call or send your orders to MISS CULLEN,
525 Sutter st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
NEAT Swedish girl for ' housework, ' second
work or as nurse, $12 to $15; best references.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st. -;-..■.- J ;
GERMAN housegirl, first-class cook and laun-
dress; 4 years last place; city or country. .
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.; tel. Green 721.
AT i the • German . Employment Office, ■ MRS.
.. LAMBERT. 417 Powell st.j tel. Main 5332, a
, number of first-class girls desire positions.
NOVA SCOTIA cook, best of reference, desires
situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
RELIABLE : middle-aged woman wishes a sit-
uation; is a good cook; will do plain wash-
Ing; will work for moderate wages: city or
short . distance ln the . country. . 10 Stockton
. place, off Stockton St., bet. Post and Sutter.
RELIABLE' American woman wants house-
: work In small family; no washing; wages $10;
willing and obliging. Call at 28 Sixth st.,
over' Empire Shoe Company. '.
AN exceedingly neat woman; light work of any
kind; care for little children or an aged lady;
make herself useful; $12 a month. Please
call at 1631 A Howard St., nr. 12th. lower flat.
AMERICAN woman wants a place in Ameri-
can family; upstairs work; good plain sew-
ing or would take care of a child; no postals;
best city references. Apply 127 Turk st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants light house-
work; cooks well; or will take charge of
home: city or country. Call 2 days, 7 Van
Ness aye. '
COMPETENT Danish girl wishes to do general
housework and cooking; understands some
German cooking; references; $25. 513 McAl-
llster st. ■ .- ' . ' ■
WANTED— as housekeeper or lady's
maid; would not object to care for grown
child. M. BROWN. 2711 Bryant Bt., near
Twenty-sixth. .'■••■■.
CANADIAN Protestant woman wishes cooking
and housework in private family. Call 303
Turk Bt.
A TED— By first-class cook,' situation in
bearding house or private family. Address
319 Minna st. .- -.
EXPERIENCED German girl wishes situation
to do general housework; is good cook. Call
or address 1514 Octavia st.
NEAT elderly Protestant woman wants light
housework; good plain cook; city or country;
wages $10 to $12. Box 328, Call office.
WANTED— Work by the day, housecleaning;
good laundress; $1 and car-fare. Please call
at 1104 Mission st.
GERMAN woman wishes to go out by the day
washing. Ironing, cleaning. 49 Rausch St.,
between Howard and Folsom.
SWEDISH girl would like position to do gen-
eral housework; good cook, or will do second
work. Address box 322, Call office.
COMPETENT cook desires ,a situation in an
American family: would go to country; pres-
ent employers, 1520 Van Ness aye., closing up.
YOUNG girl would like to do housework. 45
Sacramento Ft. ■■
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants housekeeping
place; good cook; city or country. 442 Minna.
WORK by the day. good laundress, housework,
by capable woman. 1413 Powell st., Chil-
. dren's Day Home. ' : i
GERMAN girl would like situation as house-
keeper; city or country. 160 Tehama st., up-
stairs^ j
RELIABLE girl wishes a situation housework
and cooking. Apply 321 Ellis st.
SITUATION w.anted by a very reliable Ger-
man; general house servant. 313 Bush st.
ELDERLY- competent woman wishes to cook
for 8 or' ft men; country; good cook, baker;
or would do light housework; best references.
163 Minna st., upstairs.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes situa-
tion- as working housekeeper or assist in gen-
eral housework. 223 Clipper St.; between
Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth.
COMPETENT young French lady desires posi-
tion as governess, chambermaid or take care
of children; a graduate. Address E. C, 614
Bush st. v-
YOUNG Scotch lady would like a housekeep-
er's position; experienced and thoroughly
competent; 5 years in last situation. Address
M. W., Call office, Alameda.
YOUNG lady employed during the day would
give her services morning and evening in
exchange for board and room. Address 321 ft
Guerrero st. ■
GERMAN-AMERICAN girl; position; care of
children, aEsist upstairs; can do plain sew-
ing. Call at 1803 Folsom St., cor. Fourteenth.
YOUNG lady desires position in dental parlors.
Address box 342, Call office.
WOMAN wants place to do housework or cham-
berwork; sleep home. Box 340, Call office.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation for general
housework and cooking. Call at 1701 ft Jones.
GERMAN girl wishes position for upstairs
work and sewing or light housework. . 759
Mission st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes to do light house-
work. 80 Jackson Bt.
MIDDLE-AGED German girl wishes any kind
of work by the day; $1 day and car fare. 517
- Bush st.
GIRL wishes to do chamberwork or second
work. Call 330 Golden Gate aye., from 9to 1.
SITUATION by middle-aged lady: housekeep-
ing or chamberwork. Call afternoons at 564
Stevenson Pt. ~ ,► •
GOOD reliable girl wishes place to do second
work or to take care of children. Address 1219
Park. St., Alameda.
YOUNG colored woman wishes work by the
day. Apply 522 Howard St., from 3 to 5 p. m.
GERMAN girl wishes situation as seamstress,
lady's maid or companion; wishes to travel.
M.' F.. box 3T)4. Call offW.
NURSE wishes a place as nurse to a gentle-
man or lady; references exchanged. Box 356,
Call office. .
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; -branch office of The Call. Subscrlp-
tlons and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WAXTED-MALE.
FIRST-CLASS gardener, with best of refer-
■ ences, desires situation. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT A CO., 62S Sacramento st.
CHINESE aii'l Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414 ft O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. I'.RADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st. .
JAPANESE Employment Bureau; best help
promptly. 122 Golden Gate; teL South 171.
YOUNG man desires position as office clerk
or collector; understands stenography, type-
writing and bookkeeping; also German;
Binail wages. Box 323, Call.
NEAT Asian boy wants position In small
family as light houseworker; able to do plain
cooking. Box 327. Call. .
YOUNG man wishes situation in grocer}' or
fruit store;, good references; money no »b-
• Ject. T. R., 1915 ft Golden Gate aye.
YOUN^r man wants to drive delivery wagon;
3 years at last place; best of references. Ad-
dress box 319, Call office.
BOY, 16 yoars, desires situation; speaks French
and English; best references. 725 Sansome.
CERTIFICATED engineer, . used to hoisting,
winding and stationary engines; wants em-
ployment; good testimonials. Address 11. F.
N., \1059 1 Howard St.
YOUNG man, 'German, • 23, experienced bar-
tender, wishes situation; can serve drinks. C.
SCHMIDT, 26 Minna St.
WAITER wishes situation as indoor servant or
a for private boarding-house; good city ref-
erences; wages $15 to $18. Box 344. Call office.
YOUNG man, as assistant barkeeper, wishes
• position ln city or country; 2 years' experl-
ence ln East. Address box 337, Call. office.
I WANT work— Young, good clerk, salesman or
office man; any kind acceptable. Box 343, Call.
FIRST-CLASS brend and cake baker wants a
situation In hotel or shop. Box 331, Call office.
JAPANESE couple want situation: man to do
cooking, wife us househelper or nurse, . etc.;
city or country. .Address F. M.. box 355, Call. i
A NO. V manager and I salesman want 3 situa-
tion either position; *5 I years' experience as
buyer: can handle any line; best of reference.
, Address box 353, Call Office. ■ ■ ■ .
YOUNG man, understands work around pri-
vate place, desires position In city or coun-
try. : Addrprs box 555, Call office. ■
STRONG young man, married, wishes work of
any kind; has worked in furniture and can
drive team. Addreea J. M., 229 Eighth st.
SHIP'S surgeon. M.D., 8.C., Cambridge Uni-
versity, England,., L.B.A. London, M.D. San
Franol«oo. 2 years with I*. and >. S. S. Co.,
wishes re-eiig:i»: (i iii»'iit on any steamer requir-
! ing such officer. ■• Box SCO, Cull of lice.
BARTENDER wishes position Ln city or coun-
try; good reference,). Address A., box ' 365
Call office. - : .'• • , ; ...
YOUNG, man wants situation; any kind of
work; understands horses, cows, garden; ref-
; erence. Add. J. A. McDONALD, 214 Third st.
AN | opportunity to acquire actual I business ex-
is perience lln ■ bookkeeping I with . reliable firm,
by young man of- 20; graduate of business col-
lege; $6 per week. Box 485. Call office. . . : ; • -..,
CHINESE i sen-ants can "' be obtained at the
"' Metodlet : Gospel = Hall. 734 Jackson st., near
i Stockton. . . : ■ :> -■;■•■..- .
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 ■. Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to
1 $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. - . ;.■•>;
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call..
Subscription*, and . ads • taken. ;
CHEAPEST and best in " America— The Weekly
t Call. M Sent to any address In f the United
States or Canada one ■ year - for >i CO. postage
free.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
PRIVATE family cook, no wash, Santa Cru»
County, $30; waitress, springs, . $20 ; waitress
and assist chamberwork. plain hotel, $20; 5
waitresses, different places, $20; woman for
housework, Collinsvllle, $20. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay St.
HOUSEWORK girl. Auburn, 2 In family. $20;
Oakland. $20; 15 housework girts, city and
country, $20 and $25; 6 young girls, assist, $10
to $15. MISB CULLEN, 325 Sutter sL
REFINED girl, care child 3 years, $12. . MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter s^
YOUNG lady, offlce work, commission house.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED working housekeeper, $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutler Et.
WAITRESS, country, $20; head waitree.B, city,
$20; waitress, boarding-house, $20; laundress,
$30, private family. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS ironer, $1 50 per day. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NURSE, country. $15, see lady here. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter s^ ■
SECOND work, country, $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St.
LAUNDRESS. $30, see party here; cook. $35;
second girl. $13. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
WOMAN with a child, small ranch, see party
here, fare paid, $20. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sut-
ter st.
SECOND girl. $15. light place; housegirl. $25;
German housegirl. 3 in family. $20. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
WAITRESS. $15; young girl to assist house-
work, $12; two housegirls. $20 each. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a daughter 12 years old, small
boarding house, country, $20; houeeglrl, two
in family, country, $25. MRS. NORTON. 313
Sutter st.
HOTEL housekeeper, $25 to $30; head waitress,
choice country place, $25. see party here; 3
waitresses, country hotels. $20; 2 chamber-
maids to wait, $20; woman cook for men in
country, $20; cook and laundress! country, $25
and fare paid; cook for institution, $30, sea
party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
CHAMBERMAID and laundress, to go to coun-
try for summer, $30; 23 house girls for city
and country places, $15 to $30; house girl for
small family, Elmira, $15, fare paid. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
WANTED— An assistant cook, $30; a waitress,
$23; both for country Institution. Apply to
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
LAUNDRESS, institution, $27 50; 2 Protestant
cooks, $25: Protestant Becond girl, $20; German
chambermaid and sewing, $20; 4 cooks, board-
ing houses, $25 and $30; waitress to take
charge, $25; waitress, same house, $20; 7
waitresses and chambermaids, $2<\ $25 and $5
and $6 week: and a large number of girls for
cooking and housework. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 316 Sutter st.
THE books of the Clerks' Mutual Aid and
Protective Association (incorporated) are
now open for memberships; all cashiers,
stenographers, salesladies and clerks to call
at 1239 Market st.
ALL lady cashiers, bookkeepers, matron's,
housekeepers, clerks and salesladies call 313
Bush st.
ALL waitresses, chambermaids, second girls,'
cooks wanting positions call 313 Bush st.
GIRL for light housework; American family of
2: wages moderate. 1627V4 Mission st.
WANTED— GirI to do light housework. Apply
2528 Twenty-fourth st.
GIRL wanted In Oakland, light work, $8. Ad-
dress box 325, Call offlce.
GOOD German cook arid housework girl; refer-
ences. Call 8 to 12, 1123 Laguna st.
WANTED- Young girl to assist with children.
Call between 8 and 12, 1400 Webster st.
SMART girl to learn tailoring; pay while
learning. 291 Natoma st.. near Fourth.
GIRL to assist In general housework. 502 Van
NesS aye.
GIRL or middle-aged woman for light house-
work. 1221 Stockton st.
MACHINE girls wanted on coats. 20 Ellis st.,
room 28.
WANTED- First-class waitress; good refer-
ences. 812 Larkin st.
GIRL wanted to do light housework. 135 Har-
riet st.
YOUNG girl to assist, good home. Apply 608
Laguna St., after 10 a. m.
GIRL to work for two adults; wages $10 to $12.
Call 564 Fell St., Thursday morning after 9.
WANTED- Little girl to take care of baby.
518 Natoma st.
GOOD home; light work for respectable Ger-
man woman; wages. 41 Vtcksburg, nr. 23d.
RESPECTABLE housekeeper, not over 30, for
Washington. MRS. LAMBERT. 417 Powell.
WANTED — Young lady who speaks good
French. for conversational purposes; answer
in French. Box 336, Call offlce.
EUROPEAN cook, general housework, 2 in
family. Call before 10. 1342 Hyde st.
GIRL wanted for general housework. Apply
2228 Clay St., conjer Buchanan.
| WANTED — Second girl; small family; suburb;
permanent home; moderate wages. Box 276,
Call offlce.
LEARN dressma ng and millinery; positions
tree; patterns 23c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School. 107J Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
HELP WANTED— MALE!
A MURRAY & READY
WANT TO-DAY
hundreds yes thousands
of men: 236 tiemakers Be. 9c. 10c each
334 railroad teamsters- $1 75 day
297 railroad laborers — — $1 75 day
364 men for different railroad work
25 farm hands $26, $20 and found
15 orchard hands $20 and found
15 haymakers $26 and found
275 woedchoppers $1 5u and $1 cord
8 milkers, different places— s3o. $25 and found
2 butterinakers $25 and found
5 choremen and boys $10 and $15
stableman, city Job
36 teamsters, city -i $1 75 day
86 laborers, city Jobs $1. $1 73 a day
man to pile lumber $26 and found
2i woodchoppers, tools furnished
man around garden $20 and found
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
A— 2 Special R. R. cars of Men
112 men to fro to a great syndicate to-day;
special railroad rates; wages from $2 30 day;
no experience required.
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay St.
A— WHEELWRIGHT; country shop, $2 50 day;
blacksmith helper $1 50 day
choreman for residence $20 and found
MURRAY & READY.
. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— MINERS miners — miners
19 more miners, great gravel mine. $2 50 day;
5 laborers, same mine, no experience re-
quired, $44 and found per month.
MURRAY & READY.
! 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— ENGINEER, bull donkey engine, sawmill
company; spool tender, sawmill company.
MURRAY & READY.
— 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— MARKER and distributor. $30 and found,
fare paid; handy man around a hotel, $20
and found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
A (HtOCBKY clerk; $15 and found. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— BAKER for an institution; $50 and found-
fare 30c. MURRAY & READY.
634 and C 36 (lay st.
A— COOKS for hotels cooks for mines
second cook, $9 week; 3 dishwashers, $15 and
$20; 5 waiters. $25 $2'i and found and $6 and
$7 week. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
A— BUTCHER for a ranch and drTve~wagon~;
JSO and found. MURRAY & READY,
— 634 and 636 Clay st.
LAUNDRY help — l__f are pgja
polisher, $40 per month and found: finisher,
$35 per month and found: marker and dis-
tributor, $00 per month and found.
MURRAY & READY,
■■■ — • 634 and 636 Clay St.
WANTED— 2 waiters, "city," ~s3T"and $20; waiter.
Sun Mateo County, $25; waiter, Butte County,
$20; waiter. Marln County. $25; young man to
wait on table In the country. ?20; porter, res-
taurant, $~>; cook for restaurant, *14 a week;
Second co,,k for hotel, $33: boarding-house
cook, $30; dishwashers. $23 and $15; shirt
Ironer, $30; laundryman, country. $25; butler,
country. . $40; indoor servant, city, $25, etc.
ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton st.
WANTED— Blacksmith for mine. $2 50 day;
cnmafc"e smith. $3 to $3 50 day; 3 miners, $2 50
day; 4 laborers for very nice place, $1 day
and board: laborers, $1 75 and $1 60; wood-
i-hopperp, $1 25 and Jl 50 cord; bark peelers,
$26; milkers and farmers; gardener, $25 to $30;
2 bell boys, $10 and found; third hand baker,
$11 week; cooks, waiters and others. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO., C2S Sacramento St.
MILKER, country. $25; cellarman, for vine-
yard, $26; kitchen hand, $15; 4 farmers, $15;
man and wife for vegetable garden: coal
miners. R. T. WARD & CO.. 608-610 Clay st
MAN and wife for position of trust: wholesale
house accountant. 313 Bush st^
ALL flrst-class bookkeepers, stenographers,
collectors, clerks, salesmen, call 313 Bush st.
ALL hotel heads of departments with good
credentials to call 313 Bush st.
THE books of the Clerks' Mutual Aid and
Protective Association (incorporated), are
now open for membership; all bookkeepers,
nn.lesmen. clerks and others Interested to call
at 1239 Market St.
COOK. $60; kitchen porter. $16: head waiter.
$3f>, country' hotel; 2 waiters, $26, resort. HO-
TEL GAZETTE, 420, Kearny st.
HELP .WANTED— Continued.
FIRST-CLASS head waiter for a country ho-
tel. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. lOi Geary st.
FRENCH chef, first-class small hotel $70;
French second cook. $70; French fry cook. $.0.
lunchman, $60. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary at. ': ,- . . ■
COOK for an eating-house in Oregon, half fare
paid $50; restaurant head cook, $80; cook,
smafl hotel, $40; lunch cook, $20; neat young
German restaurant porter, $30 and board.. C.
■R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. -■■■«■
COOK and wife for an Institution, $75. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. __
2 COLORED waiters for a resort, $25 and fara
advanced; waiter, country hotel, $30; country
restaurant, $30; pantryman, country hotel,
$25- glass pantryman, $20; third hand baker,
• $20. C.R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
PORTER and runner, country hotel, $20.' fara
advanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
MARKER and distributer, $30 and found; dis-
tributer, $35; French washer, $30; French
Ironer, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
BRIDGE carpenters and rockmen for Alaska,
$3 50 ard $3 a day; special reduced fares
through C. R. HAKSEN CO.. 104 Geary st.
80 2-HORSE scraper teamsters for new railroad
»work ; free fare. Apply to C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. • ■ ■
20 TEAMSTERS, $1 75 a day, on a ditch; 15
pick-and-shovel men, $1 75 a day, for a
miarry. board $4; 11 barkers and buckers, $3o
and board: Dolbeer gang men, $60 and board;
gang edgerman, $40 and board; 3 .lumber
pilers, $2S and board; timber faller, $35 and
board; 6 farmers, $1 a day and board, fara
.23c; 5 farmers, same orchard, $20; 3 farmers,
$20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt.
FIRST and second cook, $50; pantryman, $20:
all for country institution. Apply to C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary »t.
COOK and wife, both must be cooks, for an In-
stitution in the country. Apply to C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
SECOND butler, $25, country. MISS CULr-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— Laborer for planing-mill, $2 per
day, 9 hours; must not be over 40 years old
and will be required to rent 9-room house at
942 Mission st. WELLS, RUSSELL & CO. .
RANCH man wanted who understands poultry
raising by Incubator as well as genera-1 farm
work; wages $20 per month. Address JESSE,
Box 195. Call offlce. : ■■ :^. ■-':■
WANTED— A merchant tailor's cutter; must be
a good coatmaker. Apply by letter, stating
wages and further particulars, to box 324. Call.
WANTKI>— A good butler. Apply to J. D.
SPRECKELS, 327 Market st. -
BRIGHT boy about to graduate. Apply bet. 3
and 4 p. m., Carson Glove Co., 35 Market st.
WANTED— A good barber. 1326^ Pacific st.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soling, 35c; only one price. 959 Howard st.
BOY from 14 to IS years. Apply 246 Sutter St..
room 14. .
BARBER wanted; steady Job. 602 Clay st. ,
WANTED— First-class carriage painter, steady
job and good wages. Apply Bay View Car-
riage Factory. San Rafael.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men. between the ages of 21 and
30 years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
their intention to become such; must be of.
good character and habits and able to speak,
■ read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In height. For further
information apply at the recruiting office, 20
Ellis rt., San Francisco, Cal.
GROCERY clerk for Marin County; give full
particulars. Address S. M., Eastland P. O.
GOOD young shoemaker with small capital;
run a shop. - 3119 Sixteenth st.
MEN to learn barber trade in 4 weeks, $15.
1542 Market st.
SINGLE furnished fine, large sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis.
— Laborers and mechanics to know
• that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to S3 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College, 138^ Eighth st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St., near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading room;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Assn Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec., 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
WANTED— Seamen and ordinary seamen for
Alaska, Puget Sound, Mexico, -etc.; apply
Mariners' Home. W. W. LANE, 504 Davis Bt.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. L.lndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764*4 Mission,
men to take rooms; 30c, 15c and 25c per
. night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
ment. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
GOOD barber- shop: must be sold to-day. Call
at 25 1 Sixth st., cigar store.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly
Call. In wrappers, for mailing.
AGENTS WANTED.
CLERGYMEN and theological students wanted
to act as aeents in each locality for the Dic-
tionary of the Bible. Write at once for par-
ticulars. CHARLES SCRIBNER'S SONS. 121
Phelan building, San Francisco.
BOX of war & Maine souvenirs, flag pins, etc..
new. mailed. sc. 111. catalogue free; big monpy.
CUSHMAN. Mfr.. 34 Oliver St.. Boston. Mass.
A' . .TS for "Our Naval War With Spain";
pplendidlv illustrated: only authentic book to
• be published: free outfit n^wready: actnuick.
National Pub. Co.. Lakoslde bldg.. Chicago.
HOUSES WANTED.
HOUSE of fi rooms, central, wanted; no chil-
dren; good price offered: 123:' Market st.
FURNISHED rooming house wanted by East-
ern parties: give good price. 1239 Market st.
ROOMS WANTED.
FURNISHED ro.oms for 2 medical students,
with private family. Call 1239 Market st. "
SUITE of furnishF rooms wanted for doctor's
office; central. 1259 Market St.
WANTED — Suite of 4 furnlsheu rooms for den-
. tal parlors; central. 313 Bush st.
FURNISHED room wanted for Eastern par-
ties at once. 313 Bush st.
ROOMS AND", BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— Summer home on ranch near city
for year-old girl; Protestant family. Box
335. Call office.
FURNITURE WANTED.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removijd to 19 Mont-
gon-.ery st. . highest pric* paid. Tpl. Davis 71.
WANTED- MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Light camp wagon; 2 seats; box •
feet long. H., room 6,- 220 San Some st.
GRADUATE dentist will exchange work for
anything useful. Box 326, Call office.
AMATEUR musicians to Join social orchestra.
A. MATHILY. 32S Bush st.
WANTED— Six round bottom tables and two
dozen chairs good and strong, cheap; cash.
Seventh aye. and D St.. city. ■
WANTED— Second-hand baby carriage; must
be in good condition. Address H.. box 9,
Call office, Oakland.
I WANT a safe scale stand desk, letter press,
coffee mill. Box 343. Call office. .
LOST.
T\KEN by mistake from one of the rooms In
the Girls' High School Tuesday .evening, boy's
light box overcoat. Return to 000 Van Ness
aye. and receive suitable reward. ■
LOST— White Spitz female; answers to nam«
Nellie. .- Return to 143s Howard St., and re-
ceive reward. _J ■
LOST— Eye-glasses; reward. Return to 1604
Californiajt. . ___^_
PUG dog with harness; about .year old; an-
swers name Roxy; reward. 2203 Buchanan st.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernla Savings,
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of EDWARD PALMER. No. 164 194
; The finder will please return to bank.
Loi»— A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and . Loan Society of San Francisco., tn tha
name of ANDREW J. HUDSON. No. 155 033
The finder will please return to bank. '
SMALL diamond screw earring on Market st.
between Sixth and Tenth; reward. 526 Stev-
enson St. ■ - J
BROWN and white pointer dog. Finder return
to 2816 Folsom-st. -
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and ■ Loan Society of • San Francisco in the
. name of SARAH , CROMPTON; No 223 349
The finder will please return to bank. ' "
FOUND. ~~~~
F M U^.^ at , l>re(!ldlo - ;lady ' 8 **»*■ Ca» at BIS
FOR^EXC n ANQE
BOARD, central, In exchange for trade in drr
goods store. Box 573. Call offlce, ■ . 'HI SI NESS CHANCES.
A— $«!0; corner saloon; milkmen's headquar- i
ters; Kept by owner 10 years and guaranteed i
J!'-.; 1 ::' above tm *> er month; rent $60.
" ILKK. 845 Market st.
M 50 ~, SA t C } ON \ on Mission si., between factories !
a.i. 1 wholesale houses; rent $30: living rooms;
nrst ..ass raying; owner seriously sick; must i
. '•" !?i T.l fl f !!L- C ' all ■■ tLKE M Market St.
$225— PARTNER wanted In flrst-cIaRS . paying
business: easy to learn and clearing for each 1
par ne L about $S0 per month; a clean and
profitable offer. Particulars WILKE, 845 Mar-
ket st.
V™ - OLD -ESTABLISHED bar-room on
Kearny st., close to Chronicle building; rent
J10Q; doing a good paying business; only first-
a t^,.^ us large stock on hand. See
A\ ILKK. .S3 Market st; new number 545.
$12.'^-BARROOM doing a first-class paying
business and elegantly fitted up; close, 10
Palace Hotel; rent $50; a rare .--.islnes« open-
Ing. all WILKE, 753 Market St., new num-
ber 545.
$2500— OLD- EST A BLISIIEIJ saloon in choicest
down-town location, with building; long
lease; doing a first-class paying business;
. ether engagements compel owner to sacrifice.
ILKE, 753 Market st.
1250— GROCERY and bar; estab. many years
and always doing a first-class, paying busi-
ness; 4 living rooms; rent $20; a great sacrl-
flce. Particulars, WILKE, 845 Market st.
PARTNER wanted, either lady or pentleman,
to act as cashier in a well paying restaurant;
meals 25c up: small capital only. M. LESS
765 Market St. _____
$300— SALOON, irth Market; great business
street; big transient and regular trade; large
Ftock, fine fixtures; 6 living rooms; o» u.?r
there 8 years; other business ius< of hale;
genuine offer. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$250— CIGAR store, with club rooms ;' bargain
this day. LUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny.
$200— ROUTE worth $.100; will pay $S0 per
month. MoLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$325— GROCERY ami bar; pays well; living-
rooms; rent $2". M LAUGHLIN. 23 Kearny.
$125— STATIONERY, variety and cigar store;
pays well; cheap r»nt: 3 furnished rooms;
must sell. ' .A GHLIN, 23 Kearny st.
1175--GROCKRY, bar; 4 living rooms and
stable. McLAUGHLIN, 23 Kearny si.
$250 -PARTNER wanted In good paying butcher
thop: line horse and wagons; no experience
/lec-r^ary; owner prefers partner to hired
help. See McLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny.
PARTIES desiring to sell their business
promptly for cash, HEALY, 917 Market St.
{30.V-SALOON near Union Iron Works; 6 rooms;
fine business; best of reasons for selling.
HEALY & CO.. 917 Market st.
$200— GRAND chance for steady man as part-
ner in saloon and lunch house; owner In other
business; cannot give it his whole attention.
HEAXT, V-17 Market st.
$25')— SALOON; great sacrifice; with 3 fur-
nished rooms; rent $25 month. BASILE, 873%
Market st.
A-KREDO & CO. 22V4 Geary st.
IP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
$20-\v-Dni^ store; good chance for practical
man.
$r.(V— Roaiihouse: San Bruno road; furniture.
$SoO— Delicacy; One corner; with living rooms.
$300— Best shooting gallery; cigar stand.
Fyr particulars call on KREDO & CO.
A— CIGAR stands from $200 to $500; best part
Market and Kearny. KREDO & CO., 22%
Geary Bt.
$400— RESTAURANT for sale or trade; best
!.->catlon in city; doing fine business. BA-
SILE. S73V Market st.
$7W— CORNER grocery and bar; a good bargain.
[1100; new and second-hand variety store.
$^.j0; saloon in very, g-ood location.
$300 and $125; restaurants for sale. ■
$2'jO; I-artner wanted In old-established cash
business. ANDERSON & CO., 777 Market st.
$3C»— PARTNER wanted; light business: indoor
work; no night or Sunday work; experience
not required; trial given; $20 to $30 a week
each can be made. 9 Geary St., room 2.
$200— PARTNER wanted: suited to plain, steady
man satisfied with $15 to $25 a week: trial
given; short hours; duties light. 31 Third st.,
room 1: apply from 10 to 12 a. m-
WINE business, ducing and dealing.
Partner with means by experienced man to
establish safe, profitable business: best ref-
erences given and- required, l!i>x 335, C»U.
WELL-STOCKED grocery and bar; old-estab-
lish) business; run by owner 6 years; rent
cheap. Inquire Call Office.
$SOO CASH — Home cooking and delicatessen
business; trade established; paying well; all
modern; to good cook bonanza. Box S2O. Call.
SALOON— 34OO ■ slon St., corner Thirtieth.
WANTED— A small laundry route. Box 321,
Call ofnee.
CORNER saloon for sale. Inquire Chicago
. . Brewery, 3420 Pine st.
BARBER shop for sale In good country town;
good trade; cheap r*-nt. Inquire Call office.
FOR SALE— bakery, notion, tamales;
good tra'le; cheap rent. 1?13 Howard st.
FOR Bale — $400; fine candy store and ice cream
parlors; lias elegant soda fountain and fix-
tures: clears $75 to $100 monthly; trial given.
Box 333. Call otflce.
$2200 — FOR sale; 60-room lodging house, central;
half cash; would take good trade; going to
Klondike: house now full. Address Owner,
box 512. Call office.
PAYING cash milk- business; 2 wagons; 2
routes; 3 horses; hiilk depot; . cheap; owner
leaving town. I. S., box 7, Call, Oakland.
FOR HALE— jurant and chop house; oppo-
site the ferries. Call at 18 East st.
$2S*— FIONEER Rest. 132 Fourth st. Apply on
)>reniises: cash receipts iarge; investigate.
OLD established plumbing shop for sale cheap.
2'jiZ California st.
$50— PARTNER; neat established paying busl-
ness. Box 341, Call office.-.
BHOE store and repairing for sale. 4102 Nine-
teenth St.. near Castro.
BARBER shop for sale; - chairs; $150; trial
given. 701 Larkin st. _^
$200— SALOON In the Richmond district; a bar-
gain. Address box 334, Call office.
SMALL restaurant for sale cheap; well fitted
up. At 567 Mission st.
SHOOTING gallery and cigar stand, doing
good business, cheap. Call at Sl5 Kearny st.
FOR sale— "Well-stocked stationery, cigar, toy
and news agency store; bargain; sickness
cause.. Apply CUNNINGHAM, CURTIS* &
WELCH, Sansome st.
GOOD paying restaurant for sale. Apply 511
Castro st. "
FOR Sale — Cheap: a butter, eggs and delicacy
etall with tine trade; Investigate this. Grand
"Western Market, cor. Polk and Austin sts.
$40*— Saloon and V) furnished rooms; all rented:
saloon doing fine business; best location In
£ity-; rent $20 month. Box 549, Call office.
J275-T-CORNER grocery and bar; clean stock;
2 living rooms; rent $20. 117 Fillmore st.
GROCERY store for lie. Inquire at 220 First
'st., northwest corner Tehama. '
CIGAR store. Northwest ' corner Kearny
and California sts.
FOR sale^ — 2 old-estab.lshed groceries and bars;
price $2500 and $1250. Apply Call office.
$400— A SNAP; oil business: 19 Blxth st.; value
In eight; $1000; wagons, horses, etc. PHIL-
LIPS.
FOR sal<j Call route at San Jope; for par-
ticulars apply at Call business office or to E.
F. PIERCE. San Jose.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied' from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A^KREDoT&^CO 22V4 Geary st.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
List with us; no charge for advertising; 600
houses; all sizes; all prices.
Following are a few oneclaj bargains:
23 rooms; reduced from $1000 to $600
28 rooms; worth $2500. for 1300
20 rooms; sunny corner; bargain at $2000.. 1600
29 rooms; rent only $60 "',O
Many large houses from 60 to 500 rooms, too
srous to mention. KREDO & CO., 2214
Geai st. '-.■':.;■'■'■
LEC KER'S BARGAINS. '
ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
for cafh payments OR exchange.
pi:e his list before buying.
28-room boarding house $3500
St rooms; transient; clears $150 500
» rooms on Market: clears $100 60fl
"-room ise; 2 fronts; offer wanted
J .20-room ises; from $300 to , 1600
» WJ-rooin houses; from $1400 to 3000
••room flat on Geary xt 250
H.C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. sth.
$CW-2C IKiOMsrwell furnlehed; all rented: cen-
tral; t>mjvi month. BASILE, 8734 . Market.
C SS T RA > L rilwl y furnished; full of roomers;
fH-rm. house; paying. Shoe store. 250 O'Farrell.
B trL °in!T' rr V >r ii ITVJ l:; room house; cen -
month -t .« (steady roomers; rent $«0
_ m^^_ n^________* thls - V..x 316. Call of flee.
, FPRXITURE Voil SALE.
p.eces. ii. m r>hmna »t.. near Fifth.
AJLAJK iMinPRISES.
Pt M&" t^ rr K "*'»"f Immediately for
lions; 250 tons «pae<Mn anteed river cpnnec-
nabl* raw a-« *' ° r * maU l0t " at
J^Lhs^Ur^ M^anTef s°t
o^V^^ ""til »:«)
flow and want ad? takej ' **"• Bubsort »-
PERSONALS.
PLEASE call Third St., Oakland. MRS.
ADELINE MERSHEIMER HALL.
.MATRIJUONY. __^J_^___
THE Pacific. 406 Geary— Only leglmate matri-
■ monlal aspn. west of v-«.icago; details free.
• RUSIXESS i ERSONALS.
COSTLESS clothes-<Mothes made to order;
clothes that fit; clothes that jar the high-
priced tailors in quality of goods and mini-
mum of price; for instance, on a $20 suit.
$;. down and $1 per week. Agency BOSTON
WOOLEN MILLS,' 92O Broadway. Oakland.
MY artists give the most careful attention to
each and all who come; hair dressing 25c
only; good switches, $1: best, finest quality,
$3 50; extra heavy, long, 15; open Sundays
from 9to 12. <".. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st., nrar Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per week:
free bi:s and baggage to and from the^ferry.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 700 Fifth, Oakland.
LATEST magical novelties, puzzles, conjuring
tricks; magic taught. MAGICIAN HENRY.
765 Market St.
APPLY Quinonla to the roots of the hair. O.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
GET a first-class shave at the lady barber's,
316 Third st. - , ■ ■■ . -
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and herb cure. 579 Geary st.
MAGICAL performances given for all occasions:
magic taught, MAGICIAN HF.NRY, 309 Sixth. \
HOME in confinement: diseases of women. j
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth Et., Alameda,
SUITS to rder on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring i
College. 916 Market st. :
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she i
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she ;
will show you how to overcome your enemies, :
remove family troubles, restore, lost affec- j
tions: unites the separate, recovers lost, j
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours ,
10 a in. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stajnp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 1206 Market St., opposite Sixth.
A— IF you want a lot of Information the best
clairvoyant and palmist in God's creation is
Mrs. Say lor: reads ore, etc.; full names; la-
dies, 25c; gents. 60c; mail, $1. ISI9 Market
st.,. near Eleventh.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader"; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnosis disease, full life reading; la.
50c, gentssl; palm, andclalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE, 1346 Market st! 7
trance medium: unites the separated; changes
luck; locates buriol treasures; letters prompt-
ly answered; Inclose stamp.
MME. LENEMAR; fortunes told by planets;
predicted In '74 overdue steamer on island.
23H Sixth st. •
MME. MOREAU, best medium and = card
reader; 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 14S Sixth st., room 10.
MRS. BUTLER, reliable clairvoyant, card
reader; Hindoo control; hours 10-5. 579 Geary.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
.advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny St.. room 2.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to gTave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pro-
fesslon; never fails; advice; help. 929 Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRsT^KATIpThEUSSMANN. removed to 415
Fell st. sittings daily; circles Friday even-
ings, 25c.
MRS. DR. ETEWERT, Chicago medium; test
circle to-night. 1260 Grove St., Oakland.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages
to-night. 10c. 605 McAllister; come, skeptics.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia St.; read-
Ings, $1; cir. Tues., F^l., 2 p. m. Sat. S; 25c.
MRS. B. BALLARD, medium, 311 Main; sick-
ness a specialty; circles Friday, 2 p. m., 25c.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 212& Sixth st. |
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi- j
ness medium. 232 Stockton st. ;
M. FRANCES. Independent slate writing me- '
dlum. 118 Halght st.
HVPKOTISM
CAL. Institu*A 402 Vi Geary: hypnotism taught;
diplomas issued; diseases and habits cured.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
20, TEN and four-passenger wagonettes, j
leather top hack, physician's coupe and vil-
lage cart suitable for country. O'BRIEN &
' SONS. Golden Gate aye. and Polk Et.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; l line top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. S2S Harrison Bt.
GOOD hack, coupe, surrey and wagonette, and
second-hand and new wagons; cheap. isull's
Head igitory, Fifteenth and Valencia.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkin, opp. City Hall.
ALMOST new surrey, pole and double harness;
also single harness; cheap. 1223 Fell st.
3-SEATED carriage, canopy top. Inquire 532
Valencia st.
SEWIXG MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White j
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY— repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 143 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing, lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
FOR Sale— 2 houses, to be removed. Inquire on
premises on Jackson, _ bet. Taylor and Jones.
2 BARBER chairs for sale; only $15. 41 Third
6t., pawn office.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-
Mission st., above Sixth.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. lI UF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate ays.
$70 WHITE sewing machine $25, on account of
owner going away. £38 Fulton Bt.
KLONDIKE dog for sale cheap. Address box
352, Call office.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
goods; new, 2d-ha.nd. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
BOILER, ■ engines, tools, metals, electrical
goods. WHITE'S, 514-61C-5U5 Mission st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 633 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
• si»es; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10: Records, $5 per doz.;
Projectoscope, $100. Baclgaiupi. 933-946 Mrkt.
BARS, show cases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
GOOD family cow for sale. 1521 Noe st.
BRANCH home bakery. 532 Valencia st. •
~ "horses.
WANTED— good cheap horse. Address box
193, Call office. .
40 HORSES for sale; aIBO wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 .Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds: 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
! Yards. 220 Valencia St. ■T. P.*NEWELL.
10 CAMPING horses cheap; wagons and har-
ness auction every Tuesday. 721 Howard st.
CARPET CLEANING. •
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
88 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with r poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works, 353-67 Tehama St.; tel. 3. 40.
(LDVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
f MeQUEEN'S Cal. , Carpet-Cleaning Co., 458
'Stevenson St.; tel. S. 228; lowest rates. .
"'ARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at 3c.
r STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
3REAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Works. 14 Bth St. B. GRANT. Tel. Jessie 201
r E MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning; Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 8c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
JONKLIN'S ' Carpet-Beating Works, 833 Golden
Gate avt.j tel. East 128. -- - - ; " " i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUKE ltf, IS9B. '
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN ■ ■
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st. ■ ; -
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cali-
fornia and Lake sts. ; prices will 'surprise
you. MARCUSE.& REMMEL. 62S Market st.
FUUMSHEO HOUSES TO LET.
GROVE. 818, bet. Webster ~&~Flllmore— Sunny
. furnished fiat; 6 rooms; piano; flower garden;
stable If desired; rent reasonable; reference.'
given & required: call between 10 and 2.
TAYLOR. 810— Completely rurni sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. I:3C and
4pm■ . . -
COTTAGES TO LET.
GEARY, 2253— Fine cottages, 5 rooms and bath:
cellar; mirrow-top mantels; $13.
SUNNY cottages, 5 and 6 rooms; bath, base-
ment, yard; cheap. 1576 Fifteenth St., near
Dolores. '
COTTAGE. 5 rooms; prettiest In city; new;
2963 Twenty-first at.: key at corner grocery
FLATS TO LET.
A— WE want at once 200 tenants; we will make
■ special inducements; 10 to 30 days free rent;
flats from $7 to $35; all our flats are reduced;
get list. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
HOWARD, 1720, NW. cor. Erie, nr. Thir-
, teenth— 7 rooms; choice; sunny; $26; water
free; key at 1722 Howard; appreciated If seen.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery St.
I BAY-WINDOW flat of 3 rooms. 2S Ritch St.,
near Third and Folsom. '
ELEGANT modern upper flat, 7 rooms, bath
and basement; rent $IS. SO2BVs Buchanan st.,
near Filbert. '
FIFTEENTH, 2156, north of Market— A sunny,
| modern flat of 6 rooms, bath and basement;
rent cheap. Inquire 324. Kearny St., or EAS-
TON & ELDRIDGE.
! FLATS— Upper flat, 4 choice sunny roo/ns, $13.
1120 Broadway. __^
FULTON, Fine middle sunny flat, seven
rooms; bath; near City Hall. . ■
j LEAVENWORTH, 1523— Flat of 6 rooms; hot
and cold water; bath; rent $14.
I MARKE r 4— Branch office of Thr Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
PAGE — Nice sunny upper fiat, 5 rooms; good
! view: park; coal or gas; $22. BALDWIN &
HOWELL.
UPPER flat, 0 rooms and bath: 3506 Mission
pt.; rent $10. Inquire at 312S Twenty-eighth.
FURNISHED FLATS.
LOVELY sunny flat; 10 minutes' walk from
Pa-lace Hotel." 828 M Pine st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
; BOVIE aye., 5, off Eleventh— 3 rooms, hall
and bay-window; cheap to small family.
; BUSH, 1235— 3 sunny unfurnished rooms for
; housekeeping.
! EDDY, 4-room parlor floor; also 4-room top
floor. '
EDDY, Very desirable front connecting
housekeeping; gas range: splendid location.
ELLIS, 618— 2 housekeeping rooms; $15.
1 FIFTH, 428Vi— Front room and kitchen, fur-
! nlshed for housekeeping; first floor; cheap.
FOLSOM, 974— Sunny complete ' housekeeping
rooms in private family: $1 &0 per week up.
FOLSOM, 1803, corner of Fourteenth— 2 nicely
! furnished sunny front room 3 suitable for light
housekeeping; $12.
GEARY, 633—3 neat housekeeping rooms; rea-
sonable; bath; 0 minutes from Call office.
GOLDEN GATE, 730— Single bedroom, $4; large
unfurnished room, |y
HOWARD. 611— Nice sunny front room, with
regular kitchen; complete for housekeeping;
\ $10 a month.
HOWARD. Nice sunny front housekeeping
; rooms, single or double, furnished or unfur-
nished: private house; rent cheap.
JESSIE, 373, near Fifth and Market— House-
keeplng; sunny rooms; with water; $9.
JESSIE, 440—6 sunny rooms to let. .
LARKIN, So4— Large sunny front, with small
connecting room, neatly furnished, light
I housekeeping. $10.
LEXINGTON aye.. 158, near Eighteenth and
Valencia— Rent $5; furnished front room for
! hou."-eKe> ping.
i MCALLISTER. S4o— 2 sunny front rooms com-
j pletelj- furnished for housekeeping; very rea-
( eonable. - - ■• - ■
! MINNA, 322— Parlor suite: 2 or 3 housekeeping
rooms: furnished complete.
NATOMA, C 45 —3 sunny furnished rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping; yard; rent reasonable.
NINTH, Large sunny bay window rooms,
complete for housekeeping; $8; running
. water; gas.
OAK. 48— $3; 3 unfurnished rooms; bedroom,
kitchen, pantry, closet; first floor.
OAK, — 2 large sunny parlors, complete for
light housekeepg, cheap; also single room, $5.
' PAGE. 131 — 2 sunny furnished bay-window
housekeeping rooms; all conveniences;- $11.
s POLK, 1643—3 newly furnished large sunny
front rooms for housekeeping; rent $2d. !
SIXTH, ' 227— Sunny front ' housekeeping suite
and other rooms; reasonable.
SIXTH, 314 — Front bay-wtndow suite, with
kitchen; furnished for housekeeping; $12 mo.
SOUTH PARK. IS4— 2 sunny rooms, complete
for housekeeping, $9 per month.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. ; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; phone Main 43.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Pleasant
i sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
I in every respect; terms .reasonable.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths; gas; very reasonable.
AT 147 Powell and 211 O'Farrell, nicely fur-
nished rooms by day. week or month.
AT The Randolph, 501 Post, single rooms, bay-
window parlors and suites, $1 50 to *4 week.
AT 609 Hyde, Sutter 715-717-719 — Furnished and
unfurnished; choice and sunny; reasonable.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— blocks from principal
hotels; newly furnished; all conveniences.
I DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
i furnished single and double rms.; $S. $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Pleasant clean sunny rooms $5 up;
gooU home for "■uiet people.
EDDY, 207— Newly furnished single and double
rooms, $5 a month and up.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class, sunny
rooms and suites f,pr gents, $1 60 to $5 week.
ELLIS, 51S— Sunny housekeeping rooms, fur-
nished, $15.
ELLIS, 637, corner Larkin— Pleasant newly fur-
nished rooms; single and double; reasonable;
bath.
j FRANKLIN, 21— Sunny rooms, with gas and
water, $5 up; also housekeeping.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— sl a week and up;
sunny furnished rooms.
FOLSOM, 933— Large front room; well fur-
nished; suitable for 2; rent reasonable.
GEARY, Handsome front parlor, suites,
single and double rooms; light housekeeping.
GEARY, 622— Nice eunny single room, $8
month; also handsome front room; gentlemen.
GIRARD HOUSE, cor. Seventh and Howard-
Sunny rooms, moderate; also housekeeping.
GLOBE Hous&, 821 Howard— Per night, 250 to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room: Howard can.
HOWARD, 935H (New Philadelphia)— All new";
sunny rooms; gas; baths free; lowest rates.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— family
rooming-house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 1806, oorner Fourteenth— 3 sunny
front rooms; rent $8. -
JONES, 207 Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms reasonable; gas, water, j bath; central.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary, door above Van Ness-
Suites, single rooms; newly furnished.
MCALLISTER. 226a— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms en suite or single; light uotisekeeplng
allowed. * - *■: -■ ■■ I ■
MINNA;' 667, corner Eighth— furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week. - v <■. :-.-• v;
MISSION, 1226— large sunny parlor; piano,
running .water; bath; suitable 2; $10 month.
MORRIS aye., 119— 4 sunny rooms; rent cheap.
MORRIS aye.," 121— 3 sunny rooms; rent cheap.
O'FARRELL. 126— Sunny furnished front room;
private family; bath; gas. . •
O'FARRELL, — New I management, new fur-
• niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
I single rooms: bath. and gas; rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 402, corner Taylor— Sunny , fur-
nished, rooms; front; reasonable; also unfur-
nlshed suite.
1 PINE 910— Nice - large sunny room, _ with or
without small kitchen; gas Btove; running
* water; nice location; board optional. . _- •
POST, 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; first-
class In r every respect. MRS. M. - SCHULZ.
POWELL, . 207— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
single or en »ulte, cheap; »co them.
- ■ . ■ ••
ROOMS TOJLET— Continued.
POWELL, 317—2 handsomely furnished single
rooms; top floor; reasonable.
SILVER STATE House, 16-18 Mason st.— Fur^
nished rooms; sing.c, $1 DO to $3 a week;
suites, $4 to $5; baths; elevator; electric
lishts; hot and cold water; transients solic-
ited; restaurant. MRS. J. GALE, Proprietor.
s;.\ RNTH. 136— Nicely furnished front room;
$1 per week.
SEVENThT.I32. near Howard (Glirard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SEVENTH, 328H— 3 nice sunny unfurnished
rooms; rent cheap.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 136-Under new management- single
room and en suite.
SUTTER, 114S— Fur. sunny rooms, or as office!;
bay window, gas, baths; running water; mod.
ST'TTER. 1111— Nice front suites. $!2 month;
single rooms, $5; very desirable neighborhood.
THIRD, IS— First floor; 6 rooms; all or sepa-
rately.
TURK. 539— Nice sunny single ami double
rooms In private family, $6 month up.
TURK. 405— Front sunny furnished rooms;
up: bath.
ROOMS A.iD BOARD.
ALL sunny bay-window rooms, everything new,
cheerful; first-class every respect; board op-
tional. The Sirlus, 1505 Stockton; Kearny cars.
ELLIS, 51S -Nicely furnished rooms; best
board; $5 p pr week.
HYDE. 299, Salisbury— Changed hands; thor^
ougrhly renovated; pleasant sunny rooms with
first-class board; beautiful grounds; quiet,
homelike; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Good table board, $8 per
week: with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
SUTTER. 767— F.legant sunny rooms, with ex-
c«--iitinnal board; select location; reasonable.
THE ORIEL— "With or without board; new, ele-
gantly furnished, beautiful sunny Market -st.
suites, with board for 2, $10 per month; single
rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS ftve., SOS— Sunny newly furnished
rooms, electric lights, bath, with board;
terms moderate.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
LADY would like children to board; Rood home,
country-like; own cow. 912 Crescent aye.;
Mission-st. car, Holly Park.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; good
homo and care. 51 Clara st.
LADY would like a child to board; mother's
care. 128H Ninth st.
WIDOW would board 1 or 2 small children
or infant 3279 Seventeenth St.. near Mission.
JESSIE. ?3;<— Good home for Infant n r 1 or !
children; own cow; mother's care: references.
AN elderly lady will take Infants to board; a
mother's care; references. 2"4'; Sixth it.
STORES TO LET.
TO Let— First floor of building, 1010 Howard st.,
near Sixth; 37:6x90 feet; 2 large lofts; suitable
for stable, milk depot, factory, storage, etc.
MISSION. 8822 Nice store, with rooms, suit-
able for any small business, $15. •
STORE to let. 226 EIII3 St.; rent $15.
STORE for rent; cho-»p: suitable for a tailor
shop or milliner, variety. P. O. box 275,
Haywards.
HOWARD. IFO2. corner Fourteenth— Store; 2
living rooms, suitable for barber; rent cheap.
FOLSO.M, 911. near Fifth— Store, 5 light rooms;
yard: fide entrance; $15.
TO LEASE.
TO LET— Academy Hall, corner Mission and
Mary sts. ; remodeled and refurnished. Apply
on the premises or L. ALTSCHI'L. 320 Clay.
OFFICES TO LETT
MASON, 1111. bet. Clay and Washlngtotv^ETe^
gant sunny newly-furnished front suite; first
floor: suitable for physician or dentist; price
reasonable.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe and sure at ail times
when others have failed; no Instruments used;
home in confinement; pills and capsules, $1;
every case guaranteed; consultation free and
confidential: hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. MKS.
DR. WYETH. 208 Turk st., near Jones.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause; no instruments ised; guaranteed
cure at office, JG; travelers helped instantly;
home in confinement: consult free; hours 10 to
6. 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
B0 years' practice; safe and quick c.ure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; aelf-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 59 McAllister
St.; pills. $1; very strong, $2; cure, $5.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure; no Janger or after ef-
fects; taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, s^nt free by
mail on receipt of price: consultation on all
Fpeclal diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine nr Instru-
ments used; restores In one day without fail;
every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace; consultation free; can be sent and us.^d
at home; pills and capsules $1 : cure $5; by
the well known DR. POPPER, SIS Kearny Pt.
LADIES. Chicheptor's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars,
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Pliila.
DR~and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 GoTden 7>ate
aye., private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted Into good homes.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
$1 50: RICHARDS <fe CO.. 406 Clay st.: send
2c stamp for particulars to Hepuro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X st., Racramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 hO:
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too lat».
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
MRS. ARCHARD, midwife; home in confine-
ment: confinement alone $5. 156 Second st.
DR. HALL, 9 McAllister St.; diseases of
women and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 2MV, Fourth st.
"dentists.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 60; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 21 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK Dontists— Full set ot teeth, $S up;
painless extraction; fillings, 25c up; old plates
made over or mended; work warranted;
crowns and bridges; open Sundays. *69 Mis-
sion st., southeast corner of Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates ar«
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand: open even-
Ings. 997 Market st., corner Sixth.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAOUE.
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNO. 1841 Polkjs^
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
ttDUOATtOITJULi
HEALD'B Business College, 24 Post st. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.
AT the School of Elocution and Expression;
first floor over the Alcazar Theater; summer
term begins this month; for teachers and
Students; 1-5 p. m. daily. MRS. MAY
JOSEPHI-KINCAID, Principal.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ;'
Individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship. $50; low rates per week and month.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 672, 855 Market st.
UNIVERSITY Coach— Newel PerryTph. B.,Fel-
low In Mathematics, U. C, 2407 S. Atherton.
nr. Channing way, Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING^ School; civil, electrical, mln-
lng, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve •
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught In one month; terms $10;
students should investigate. 712 Van Ness.
"physicians.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL, office and residence^
1506 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $i 3 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
Fame as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for 53, $4 and
$3 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER &■ CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments ot all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
AS vacation is here, freight being low, 5 car-
loads pianos coming, we must make room; no
reasonable offer refused. BENJ. iTRTAZ &
SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell St., Chickerlng agents.
GOOD Emerson $50, another J"5; an ejegant
$4. r :0 piano $175. another $200; quick spot cash
sales. J. DEWING CO.. second floor. Flood
building, Fourth and Market sts.
CLARK WISE & CO., 41 Geary st, cor. Grant
aye., offer three ways to buy a piano; no
trouble to explain particulars. Conover Agts.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby. Evans.
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 30S, 310, 312 Post st.
BARGAIN— Concert grand autoharp, new; cost
$trO: must sell (soldier). H. MULLER, 2
Latham place.
SECOND-HAND upi arhts, $75 to $150; agency
famous Ilaines Bros. W. C. Hamilton. 324 Poat
$5 INSTALLMENTS, upright piano, fine order,
(86; Hazelton square, $75. 221 Leavenworth st.
BEST goods; lowest prices; easy payments;
pianos to rent at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
GREAT bargains; Deck?r. Schubert. Steinway,
Neuman. others. Hornung's, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest: price lowest: uprights $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis St.
A GOOD upright, very cheap. K> McAllister
st., next Hlbernta Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell s^
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for disappearing gun carriages-
Ordnance Office, Var Department, \\ ash-
ington, D. C , June 3, IS9S.— Sealed porposals,
in duplicate, will be received here until 3
o'clock p. in., July 2, IS9S, and then publicly
opened, for supplying the Ordnance Depart-
ment, U, S. army, with 19, more or less. 12-
inch disappearing gun carriages, L. F., model
1&97. Bids will be received for all or for part
of foregoing. Information furnished upon
application to BRIGADIER-GEN EKAL D.
W. FLAGLER, Chief of Ordnance.
PROPOSALS--For the repair of bituminous
rock pavements— Oflice ot the Clerk ot the
Board of Supervisors of the City and Counly
of San Francisco, June 8, 1?93.
In accordance with resolution No. 1242 (fourth
series) of the Board of Supervisors, SEALED
PROPOSALS will be received in open session
of the board on MONDAY AFTERNOON,
June 20, ISHS, from £:30 to i o'clock, for repair-
ing and keeping in good order and condition,
to the entire satisfaction of the Superintendent
of Streets and of the Board ot Supervisors, all
streets or portions of streets, including street
crossings a/id Intersections, which are now or
may be hereafter paved with bituminuus rock,
for a term of two (2) years from July 1, ISSs,
to and Including June 30, ISOO.
The repairs are to be made in strict accord-
ance with specifications on lile and open for
inspection in this officfc
A list oi streets and street crossings, etc.,
now paved with bituminous rock, and which
will require to be kept in repair, as above
stated, is also on file and open tor Inspection
In this oflice, and all streets or portions of
streets paved with bituminous rock and accept-
ed b.y the city and county, are included and
must be put in good condition and kept in
thorough repair, whether they are recited in
said list or not. All streets and street cross-
ings enumerated in said list must be put in
good repair and condition within a period of
three months from award of contract, and
must be kept in good repair until the expira-
tion of the contract; in addition to all streets
or portions of streets paved with bituminous
rock and accepted by the city and county dur-
ing the continuance of the contract, except
only such streets or portions of streets where
a bond has been given and is in force for keep-
ing the same in repair; also, those portions of
streets required by law to be kept in repair by
the street railway companies having tracks
thereon.
NOTICE — Bidders must Btate a specific sum
for which the entire work will be performed,
with the understanding tluit monthly payments
will be made therefor to the extent of one-
twenty-fourth of the sum bid, on a certificate
from the Superintendent of Streets, approved
by the Board of Supervisors, that the work is
being satisfactorily performed.
Bidders will also be required to file with
their bid a description of and the character of
the plant owned by them, with a chemical an-
alysis and a sample of the bituminous rock to
be used In carrying out and performing the
work under this contract.
And it is to be distinctly understood that
eight hours shall constitute a day's work lor
persons employed on the above work, and that
the minimum rate of wages to be paid shall
be two ($2) dollars per day; also, that the
amount of the bond to be given will not be
less than one-half the amount bid for the per-
formance of this work.
No bid will be received or entertained from
any person, firm or corporation who does not
own a fully equipped plant sufficient for the
performance of this work.
The party to whom the contract is awarded
will be required prior to or at the time of the
execution of said contract, t'. pay the cost of
advertising this notice in three dally news-
papers.
In order to preserve uniformity and to facil-
itate the award, the board has resolved to re-
ceive no bids unless made upon blank forma
prepared by the committee, and a certified
chf-r-k for the sum of five thousand (sri<K>o> dul-
lars in favor of and made payable to the Clerk
of the board, must be deposited by the bid-
der, conditioned, if the proposal is accepted and
the contract awarded, and if the bidder shall
!ail or nt-gleet to execute a written agreement
and give the bond required within six <G> duvi
after the award is made. then, and in that
case, the said sum shall be paid Into the city
and county treasury by said Clerk as liqui-
dated damages for such failure and neglect
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The board reserves the right to reject all
bids if the public good so require.
JNo. a. RUSSELL, Clerk.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS— Pursuant to an
order of the Board of Trustees of the State
Normnl School of San Diego, California no-
tice Is hereby given that sealed proposals
will be received by said board until 10 o'clock
a. m. of June 24, ISHS, for furnishing the
materials and performing the toibor necessary
for the erection and completion of the cen-
tral portion of the San Diego State Normal
School building.
Separate proposals will be received and
Feparate contiacts made for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor neces-
sary for each of the following parts of said
building, to wit: 1. Fnr the masonry work,
including all brick, concrete and cement
work and all necessary excavations and fill-
ing; 2. for the iron work; 3, for the carpenter
plastering, electric and glazing work; 4 for
the plumbing and gas-fitting work: 5, for the
tinning and galvanized iron work; 6, for
painting and varnishing.
No proposal will be considered unless ac-
companied with a bond of such proposer
equal to 10 per cent of his proposal, with at
least two good and sufficient sureties, con-
. ,-'""ned that If his proposal shall be ac-
cepted he will duly enter into a proper con-
tract.
Each proposal must be made on blnnks
furnished for that purpose, and, together
with the above-mentioned bond, Inclosed in
a sealed envelope, addressed to the Trustees
State Normal School of K-<n Diego, with an
Indorsement thereon showing what portion
of the building Is covered hy the inclosed pro-
posal, and delivered to the Merchants' Na-
tional Bank of San Diego. California, before
10 o'clock a. m. of June 24, 1898.
Said proposals will be publicly opened and
contracts based thereon wlil be made on
June 24, 1898, p.t 10 o'clock a. m., at room 35
Fisher Opera-house block, in San Diego, Cali-
fornia.
The contractors to whom contracts are
awarded will be required to file with said
board a good and sufficient bond to the
amount of 25 per cent of the contract price
for the faithful and proper performance of
his contract.
The plans and specifications of said build-
Ing can be seen during business hours at the
office of Hebbnr^ & Gill, architects. Grant
building. Bah Dlepo, California.
The Board of TrusU-es reserves the right
to reject any or all proposals made.
State Normal School of San Diego, Cali-
fornia.
By W. R. GUY, President Board Trustees.
Attest: F.OBERT C. JONES, Secretary.
BIDS Wanted — Notice is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home Associa-
tion at its office, room 13, 320 Sansome st.,
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10 o'clock a. m.,
Saturday, June 25, 189S, and opened Imme-
diately thereafter in the presence of bidders,
for furnishing and delivering quartermaster
and commissary supplies for the Veterans'
Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad station
Yountville). for the six months commencing
July 1, ISSB, and ending December 31. 1898.
Schedules with Information and instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the
schedules, and no bid will be considered un-
less it is in accordance with such schedules.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with a
certified check upon some well known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid, payable to J.
C. Currier, treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required
by law. The board reserves the right to
reject, any or all bids and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, S< .etary Veter-
ans' Home Association, room i 3, 320 Sansome
st San Francisco, Cal. By order of the
Board of Directors.
" J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary.
THE Mint of the United States at Carson.
Nev-. Superintendent's Office, May 24. 1898—
Sealed proposals will be received until 12
o'clock noon, June 28, IS9B. for furnishing
supplies during the year ending June 30.
1899. Schedules and blank forms, with In-
formation as to conditions, quantities, etc.,
will be furnished on application.
J. W. ADAMS, Superintendent.
I
CITY REAL ESTATE.
RICHMOND COTTAGE. . /
GREAT SNAP.
Worth $3250; very easy monthly pay-
ments; splendid ' bay-window , cottage of 5
rooms and bath; lot 25x100; Clement St., bet.
Fourth and Fifth ayes. ' •.-"■.■-
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
■ -■ .' j. 10 Montgomery ; st.
GREAT Snap— s2loo; Larkin st., near Green-
wich; cottage, 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x100.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
. • . • 10 Montgomery st.
CHEAP cottage, $1500; very easy terms; good
cottage of 5 rooms and bath: etreet work
done; close to Guerrero-st. electric cars
BALDWIN & HOWELL, '
-■ -" - 10 Montgomery st. :
DOLORES-ST. RESIDENCE. ,
$SOO cash, balance monthly installments;
i handsome new houße; contains 7 rooms and
■ bath; every convenience: extra large corner
■ lot; plenty of room for store and flats; corner.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
.. . ' 10 ; Montgomery st.
MAKE AN OFFER.
Fll!more-st. business property; none better
ever offered; $16,500; stores and flats; on best
part of the street; lot 50 feet front; pays
over 9 per cent.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
.10 Montgomery st.
WITHIN 100 feet of Market St., near Baldwin
Hotel; $51,600; pays 6 per cent; fine 4-story
building; in the heart of the retail district.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
; 10 Montgomery st. "
BIG INTEREST.
$2500; rent $30; Shipley st., near Fourth; S
flats, 4 rooms.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
A—sSsoo;A — $S500; rent $80; 3 handsome new flats of 6
rooms each, Just completed: Baker St., close
to Park entrance; good location; large lot.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
.10 Montgomery st.
$3000; rent $32: lot 25x120; Fourth aye., near
Clement; 2 good flats of 5 rooms each.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
■ 10 Montgomery st.
— $8600; Lake St., near Ninth aye.; new IV4-
story cottage of 7 rooms and bath; beautiful
park directly in the rear of the house; easy
terms.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
, 10 Montgomery st."
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A. First Floor,
Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
EXPERT JUDGES BUY PROPERTY NOW!
BARGAINS NOW! PROFITS LATER!
$100, $150 to $250; level building lots near
Mission street electric cars; only $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHJfIH.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS!
$400, $450 to $S." 0: officially graded: superb
view; $25 down, $10 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER
$400. $450 TO $750; choicest Richmond building
lots; street graded and sewered: $25 down.
! $10 monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
: Call for Maps and Diagrams.
SOL GE & BROTHER.
Room A, Crocker" buildlnar.
$S75— A BIG snap: 200x250 fe<»t; 2 fronts; 16 lots,
23x125 feet each ; north side Montana St.; 180
feet west Capital; Railroad Homestead Asso-
ciation abstract of title to date. CHARLES
C. FISHER, 624 Market st.
WILL build for $2200; house of 2 flats, mantles,
plumbing, gas fixtures, complete. GEORGE
M. SALSBURY, Builder, 521 X St., Sunset
District. . .
339 HAY ST.-Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. _■ .-; ;.•„>. '»:'.-,,••;'.
COUNTRY. REAL ESTATE.
2^iTaCRES^?OR^SSOCO.
Improved fruit and stock ranch near Grass
Valley In mining district. McAFEE .'BROS..
10b Montgomery at., S. F. -
! 160 acres, near Cottonwood, Tehama County,
1 18 acres in vineyard. 8 acres in orchard; bal-
i ance hay and pasture land: well improved;
price $6500. . McAFEE BROTHERS.
At the foot of Mount Diablo; 600 acres; 25
acres in bearing orchard, 10 acres vines. 2W)
acres grain; only $16,000; will exchange for \%
value, city property. McAFEE BROTHERS.
Finely improved vineyard' property, near
Calistoga; 100 acres for $11,700; would consider
exchange for one-half; balance cash. McAFEE
BROS., 10S Montgomery st.
— Pays $SOOO net per year; a splendid in-
vestment; finely Improved ranch property in
' Alameda County; price $150,000; would consider
I exrliange for city business property. McAFEE
BROTHERS.
FOR Sale— Large lots: lovely location; low
price. F. BUTTERFIELD, room 2, Crocker
building. . - .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LOTS— upward; $5 cash, $5 monthly.
$450 — cottage of 4 rooms and lot; your
own terms. .
$125 for barn, well and lot; $10 cash, $5
monthly; build your own home, or we will
build it for you; payment as rent; all streets
graded, some macadamized; 3 electric car lines
and tine school near; soil, climate and view the
very best; Allendale settlement. East Oakland:
building up rapidly; call or send for circular,
455 Seventh Ft., cor. Broadway, Oakland; car-
riage free. H. 7.. JONES, Owner.
$4000— SUBURBAN; 2 acres bearing orchard;
new, modern 7-room cottaee; bath; city
water; location convenient to electric cars;
everything goes; horse, buggy, hay, imple-
ments: model chicken ranch; easy terms.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO., 460-462
Eighth St., Oakland. - '
J. CALLAGHAN, real estate dealer, notary
public; property looked after. 814 Broadway.
$3000 TO loan on furniture, pianos, etc. AL-
DEN-GARFIELD CO.. 9U2 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
SUNNY S-room house; central; nice grounds.
pear trains: rent, $50. Box D, Call. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
ARLINGTON Hotel. Washington and Ninth
sts.; unquestionable family place; excellent
table: low summer rates.
FINE sunny suite: also sunny cingle room; va-
cant June 1. THE I,">RNE,Wii Eighth st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE al household goods this week.
SCHRLLHAAB' old store. 408 Eleventh st.
. OAKLANU^^ pRESSMAKING.
FASHIONABLE ladles' tailor and dressmaker.
Boston Woolen Mills, 920 Broadway, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME. FIRST SERVED.
" JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700, $1800, $2200, $2600. $3000.
The above are lovely cottages, which have
been thrown on the market for i.on-payment
of Installments, and they are now offered at a
great sacrifice to close accounts. i They contain
4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to date;
almost new, and located near scnools and sta-
tions. "■ ■ .' .
We are going to weed them out. and Invite
inspection. . MARCUSE & REMMEL. .
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and ' 628 Market st.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2200— 5-ROOM house, 1 block from station; lot
€oxl37;' constantly rented, $22; great bargain.
FREESE g & CODINGTON. 2119 Stanford
place, opposite Berkeley . Station.
BERKELEY ROOMS AND BOARD.
NICELY furnished sunny . suite with good
• board; plain cooking; $50 a month for two.
MRS. N. C, Berkeley.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
GREAT sacrifice; 20 acres good Sonoma County
land. Improved; 4- room house, barn, chicken-
houses; 2 horses; full Una farming imple-
ments; 6 acres vines; balance corn and
beans; good road;, near station; will cx-
i change for city property; or $800 cash, balance
easy . terms. Address J. JENSEN, 153 Third.
FINE S. F. business property: part cai»h and
good home across bay. F. F.. box 565. Call.
PROPERTY WANTED. ~
STILL wanted— 2 or 3 ranches of from 60 to 200
acres: cash buyer. : 313 Bush Ft.
~~~ - TYPEWRITERS. ' '„■ ' '
LOT of second-hand Smith Premiers, I Reming-
: tons, f Densmores, Caligraphs and . Rem-Shos,
taken as part payment for Oliver typewriters,
will be sold at a bargain during the month.
FRED W. VAUGHAN & C 0. ,; room 9, ro-
tunda MTlls building. .-., v:V
ALL typewriters sold and rented ; I few '■, partly
' used : for ■ sale cheap ; - send for samples and
prices. ;, ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgmry.
YOST, good order, V 3', lend for sample work.
- SCOTT & : B ANN ;, ■ 835 Monteomery st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the • lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market St.; tel. Green 204.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays; J.
NOONAN, 1017 s to 1C23 Mission St., above
Sixth. ; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6^4 per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery st., room 3.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 120 Powell st. ,
$100,000 TO loan on income city property; $10,-
000 on furniture. G. W. OWEN, 1405 Call bldg.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 32S Montgomery.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 508 California st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum; Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON pianos, ' furniture; no removal; lowest
rates; no com.; private. 116 McAllister st.
PAWNBROKERS.
BE wise and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office. 22 Mason st.. bet. Market and Eddy.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
ALL private law cases, insolvency, collections,
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkln.
L. S. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free on all leral matters. T. P.
STACK. 14 McAllister St.. room 64.
STORAGE.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse, 840 Mission St.; tel. Mint 1821.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moringr Co.;
office. Tenth and Market; telephone South It*.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been tssued as follows:
Paul E.A. Krebs and Marie B. Clemens.. 21-20
William R. Trulock and Grace Roberts 38-2*
Michael Deasy and Katie Hurley 34-23
Nelson H. Bray and Josephine McDonnell.. 2l-19
Peter Wardman and Delia Moran 40-88
John E. Piconas and Florence Demartinl. 23-21
Pierre Ducasse and Vlctorine Lauray 28-24
Bernard Phillips and Belle F. Mullander.. 33-25
John F. O'Keefe and Margaret F. Flnley.23-21
Robert Meany and Alice N. Stalls 26-21
Thomas C. Smith Jr. and Bertha L. Gough. 2B-23
George B. Ferguson and Clara Ring....:... 21-21
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
HAVES— In this city. June 13. 1898, to the wif«
of Henry G. Hayes, a daughter.
NICHOLS— this city, June 15, IS9B, to th«
wife of Frank Nichols, a son.
QUIST— In this city, June 12, 1898, to the wife
of John Qutst, a daughter.
WADE— In Alameda. May 21, 1898, to the wife
of J. H. Wade, a son.
MARRIED.
CAVANAUGH— SALICETTI— In Mayfleld, June
5. IS9B, .by the Rev. Father Giacobbi, Charles
H. Cavanaugh of San Francisco and Lizzie
Salicetti of Mayfleld, Cal.
DUPONT— PALMER— June 15, 1898, at the
home of the bride's parents, by the Rev.
James Hulme, Edward Kennett Dupont of
San Francisco and Mabel Cluness Palmer of
Oakland.
DIED.
Cline, Samuel " McManus, Margarite
Cosgrove, James Mitterwald. Philo-
Ball, Alfred mene
Dauglada, Ignatlo Neilson, John P.
Healy, JameS D. Plercey, Robert
Hlnze, John J. Sweeny, Mary
Humphreys, Joseph Wlegand. Arthur
Lynch. Mary Wood, Joseph M.
MacCabe, Frank " • ■ :
BALL— In this city, June 13. 1898, Alfred Ball,
beloved father of C. Ball, and brother of Mrs.
C. M. Calkins of Hollister, Cal.. a native of
New York, aged CS years. (Hollister, Cal.,
papers please copy.)
(Tl?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
CLINE— this city, June 15, 1898, Samuel
- Cline, a native of Poland, Russia, aged 51
years.
COSGHOVE— In this city, June 13, 189S, James,
beloved husband of the late Mary Cosgrove,
brother of the late Thomas Cosgrove, and
father of James, David and John Cosgrove,
Mrs. George Paterson and Mrs. B. Williams,
a native of County Meath, Ireland, aged 53
years.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his daughter, Mrs. George Paterson,
650 Jessie street, off Seventh. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
DAUULADA— In thl? city. June 15, IS9B, Igna-
tio Dauglada, a native of Mexico, aged £2
years.
HEALY— this city, June 15, 1898, James
Dewey, beloved son of James P. and Mar-
garet M. Healy. a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 months and 7 days.
HINZE— In this city, June 15, IS9B, John J..
beloved and only son of Louis Hinze, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 24 years.
HUMPHREYS— In this city, June 14, 1898, Jo-
seph J., beloved son of Mary A. Humphreys,
a native of Newark, N. J., aged 35 years 7
months and 10 days. (Newark, N. J., papers
please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co., 1559 Market street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by special train from Third and
Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock. . .
LYNCH— In Oakland, June 15, 1898, Mary, be-
loved wife •of Eugene Lynch, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 39 years.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow,
(Friday), at 8:45 o'clock, trom her late- resi-
dence, 702 Webster street, thence to the
Church of the Immaculate Conception, . where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose o.f her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock." Interment St. Mary's Ceme-
tery, Oakland.
MacCABE— . this city, June 13, 1898, Frank,
beloved husband of Mamie MacCabe. - and
son of Richard S. and Catherine MacCabe,
a native of San Francisco, aged 21 years 2
months and 11 days. f-;■--.f -;■--.-
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from ■ bis late
residence, 982 Church , street, thence to St.
James Church, corner Twenty-third and
Guerrero streets, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McMANUS— In this city. June 14. 1898. Mar-
garlte M., beloved daughter of Michael and
Hannah McMinus, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 13- years 6 months and 14 days. .-
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her parents'
residence. 8368 Howard ; street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a requiem hign mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MITTERWALD— In Golden Gate, Alameda
County, June 15, 1898, Phllomene, beloved
daughter of Frank and Marie Mitterwald, a
' native of Austria, aged 16 years 5 months
and 28 days.
NEILSON— South San Francisco, June 15,
1898, John Peter, dearly beloved husband of
Christina Neilson, and beloved father of
Clara and Mabel Neilson, a native of Swe-
den, aged 48 years and 3 months.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday)- ■»* 1" o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1836 Sixteenth Ta venue south. South.
San 'Francisco. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. "
PIERCEY— In this city, June 15, 1898, Robert
Plercey, beloved father of Mrs. B. C. Turn-
bull Mrs. John McQueen, Mrs. Edward
Fisher and Mrs. Elmore Hidd, a native of
Belfast, Ireland, aged 80 years.
IDTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
his daughter, Mrs. John McQueen, 1011 Guer-
rero street. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery." '■■'■'■ ■ - .
SWEENY— In Oakland, at her residence, 1 917
■ Peralta street, June 14, 1898, Mary, widow of
the late John Sweeny, and mother of Charles,
Nicholas J., Michael and Thomas E. Bweeny,
Mrs. Coughlin, Mrs. O'Neill, Mrs. Durfee and
Pauline M. Sweeny, " a native of Manchester,
England, aged 68 years and 8 months.
[prFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
WIEGAND— In this city. June 14, 1898. Arthur,
beloved son of Eugene and Clotilda Wlegand.
a native of San Francisco, aged 3 months and
.;■ 1 day. ,;,.-■■. ; - ■-.■'.,-
WOOD— this city, June 15. 1898, Joseph M.
Wood; a native of New York, aged 65 yean
and 3 days. • ~.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. fi
FUKtRAL DIRECTOKS ft EiIBALMSBi I
iv Jim ST., Opp. Linoola Botxsol. I
-• - leiaphoiifl, Southj^^^^^^l
1314
A GRAND FAIR
IN AID OF THE
LOCAL RED CROSS
Many Citizens Indorse The Call's
Suggestion of a Practical Way
to Raise Funds.
A Permanent Place of Amusement Would Enter
tain the Public and Greatly Help the
Cause of Patriots.
There is a great deal of interest Just
now in the local work of the Red Cross.
The Call has suggested that a gxx>d
way to raise funds for those who have
volunteered to give their time to the
movement is to establish a fair where
there will be entertainments for the
public.
form of this entertainment might
be the display of special acts of Ameri
can heroism by :i system of pyrotech
nics. Such a fair, with many attractive
features, \\>>uld prove a popular way of
raising funds for the cause of soldiers
and for the welfare of their families.
Th- 1 following expressions of public
opinion will show the way some of San
Francisco's representative citizens
view the mntto.r:
EX-JUDGE JULIUS REIMER— It is
a grand idea for the people to do all in
their power to aid the Red Cross move
ment. Such a. fair as The Call suggests
Is jufit the Idea, for the public would
READY TO AID THE FAIR I
Assessor John D. Siebe — I am not only in favor of the idea suggested
by The Call but I stand ready to do my share to make it a success. I
do not want to be pounced down upon by a band of grafters, yet I am
willing to stand my share of theexpense of the movement suggested by
ill. People cannot spend their money in a more patriotic way.
When we think of the justice of the cause it should make us all feel
like rendering aid.
be given something for their money
.' uld feel sure that the money
would go to a noble cause. The idea of
illustrating recent history by pyrotech
nica is a good one, also, and there
seems to be nothing in the way of car
rying it out.
AUDITOR BRODERICK— It is not
scheme suggested for raising
money (or tnich purposes that sue
3, but this one will go if it is put
in the hands of people with executive
ability, though it will require work to
get it on a good footing. It would be a
line idea to have a permanent fair for
the benefit of the Red Cross, for the
ciiu^f is a noble one.
CHARLES ZINKAND— The Red
Cross movement is a good thing in
every land. It stands for humane
methods on the battlefield and for all
that we love in this country. I am,
therefore, heartily in favor of any en
tertainment of fair that will bring
munev to the <ause.
TAIN BEN BOHEN, Chief of
Detectives — The Call's movement for
the R( 1 <'ross is all rip;ht. I favor any
thing that will raise money for the sol
dlera who may bo. in need or who may
Lv wounded on the field of battle.
ATTORNEY GENERAL W. F.
FITZGERALD— You may quote me aa
beinK heartily in favor of any move
ment that will be of benefit to the men
who are now offering their lives to the
country. I see much good in The Calls
suggestion of a fair for the aid of the
Red Cross. It could be so conducted
as to be a means of raising a great
deal of money for th° cause. I hope it
will be devised and carried out as out
lined by the paper.
ASSISTANT UNITED STATES AT
TORNEY SAMUEL KXIGHT— The
movement is a good one, and I hope to
ccc it succeed. It is one of the most
practicable as well as one of the pleas
antest ways that money can be raised
for. tlie cause that is now dear to all
! American hearts.
; CARROLL, COOK— AII these
/things are good In their way, and I am
:heartHy in favor of any legitimate
: .prQppsition that aids a body of citi
zens, whose purpose is to render suc
•cor to. the soldiers of the country in the
tour of peril.
COLONEL WILLIAM F. SULLI
VAN JR.— lt is one of the best sugges
tions I have yet seen made, and I shall
do -all in my power to aid the cause.
.ijjiuch a fair might be a means of
: ADVERTISEMENTS.
Head of Six Months' Old Baby.
They Would Peel Off Taking
. -\- The Hair with Them.
Doctor &. Remedies Did No Good
TriedCuticura. Hair Grew
•'V Now No Trace of Eczema.
lij baby was about six weeks old when the
top of her head became covered with thick
scales, which would peel and como off, taking
the hair with it.- It would soon form again
and be as bad as before. I tried several things
° and then went to tho doctor. He said it was
Eczema and prescribed an ointment, which
did not do any good. A friend spoke of Cv-
iicvra. Soap. I tried it and read on the
•wrapper about CcncrrßA (ointment) as a rem-
edy for Eczema. I bought a box and washed
her head in warm water and Cuticura Soaf
and gently combed the scales off. They did
cot come back, and her hair grew out fino
and thick. She is now a year and a. half old
and has no tract of Eazema. Yon have my
permission to publish my letter.
Mrs. C. W. BURGESS, :'( % -. V.;
Feb. 21, '98. 95 Warren St., Bridgeport, Conn.
Otjtictka RnirotEg appeal with Irresistible force to
tnothert, nune*. and all having the care of children. To
know that a ttngla application will afford tnstaat relief,
pennitrttt and iteep, and pointtoaipetdjrcnra in tee
mott torturing and disnjrurlnirof ikln and iralp dUacicf,
with lorn of hair, and not to nse th»m It to fall In y onr iulj.
BLiEr roe Skt»-Tortv2ii> Btim aid lUst ros
Tint) Motbius In a warm bith with Ci;ticc ka SOAr,
and a tingle application of Ci'Ticun* [ointment], greatest
of euicihents and skin euro*.
f<*" / >sn^ K4 <l4*rc^ Pott«kDbooa»»Cheii.
oa- •■ bow t. ouw aiif* mtepiMM*t'i*mtm--
amusement for' the people as well as a
source of funds for the soldiers.
HUGH CRAIG, president of the
Chamber of Commerce — Up to the pres
ent time the noble women who are
managing the affairs of the Red t'r'>ss
Society have been largely dependent
on the efforts of the business commun
ity to secure the success that has
crowned their efforts. The business
]n<>n have contributed to the fund quite
generously and they are willing to
again contribute. They are in hearty
accord with the purposes of the Red
Cross Society and will be found at all
times only too happy to assist in the
good work being so effectually per
formed.
The idea of holding a fair for the ben
efit of the Red Cross Society is a grand
one and it will receive the support <>f
every man, woman and child in our
Golden State. We, who are home, are
only too pleased to be able to assist in
every way to make the lot of those who
have sailed away under the stars and
stripes to fight for Old Glory and hu-
manity more comfortable.
I believe that a fair would net many
thousands of dollars to the Red Cross
Society. Let every county in the State
take an active part in making it a
grand success. There should be ath
letic events during the day and at
night we could give pyrotechnic pic
tures of what has been accomplished
and what is being accomplished by our
heroes in Manila Bay.
Each county should, and I know will,
leave nothing undone that might con
tribute to the success of the fair. The
historic records of each county should
be sent to the fair. We should also
have tableaux representing the pro
gress of the State from the time of the
early padres until the discovery of gold,
when thousands crossed the plains. We
should also have exhibitions of feats at
arms. The troops in our midst could
also give mimic pictures of war.
EVERYBODY WILLING TO HELP.
Arthur Rodgers, Regent of the State University— The idea of the
Red Cross Fair is a noble one, and there cannot be any doubt as to the
success of the project. The fair will receive the enthusiastic support
of the people of the State of California, Every one is willing and anx
ious to contribute his mite to a fund that is to be devoted solely to aid
ing those who have left their homes and families to fight under the
Hag of our country.
Every one Is willing to help and there
should not be any difficulty in making
the fair a success. A general commit
tee of, say 100, should be appointed and
each county in the State invited to
take an active interest in the matter.
I feel satisfied that the railroad com
pany will, under the circumstances,
grant free transportation to accredited
representatives from the interior and
also bring here and safely return all ex
hibits.
By all means let us have the fair, for
I know that it will be a grand success,
both financially and otherwise.
I. "W. HELLMAN JR.— The idea of
having a fair In this city, to be par
ticipated in by all the counties in the
State, the proceeds to go to the l'«-d
Cross League, is an excellent one. Too
much cannot be done for such a worthy
object. This fair would give an oppor
tunity to those not yet called on to help
the soldiers now fighting in the defense
of this country.
It would undoubtedly attract im
mense crowds and would net a large
amount without taxing any one indi
vidually.
The plan proposed would make It an
object of interest for every one, and I
do not doubt that besides the attend
ance of citizens of this city excursions
would come from all the surrounding
counties.
WEDDED AMID PINK
AND WHITE BLOSSOMS
NUPTIALS OF MISS KELLY AND
X J. DOLLARD.
Elaborate Church Ceremony at St.
Dominic's, Followed by a
Brilliant Reception.
St. Dominic's Church was crowded to
the doors last evening with a fashionable
audience that had assembled to witness
the nuptials of Miss Mary Theresa Kelly
and Edward J. Dollard.
Pink and white fragrant blossoms, ar
tlsticUlly arrang-od by the loving hands of
the bride's friends, made the church beau
tiful and furnished the color tone of the
functions.
Long before the hour announced for the
ceremony, 8:30 o'clock, the invited guests
began to arrive, but so efficiently had the
ushers performed their duties that when
the bridal march announced the arrival
of the wedding party, all were comfort
ably seated.
The ushers, Messrs. Hugh McQlnnlss,
Fred Farmar, William Humphreys and
John Mahony, followed by the brides
maids, Miss Annie Kelly, Miss Daisy
Keane, Miss Laura Kelly and Miss Doro
thy Quinn, met the bride and her maid of
honor. Miss Lizzie Mahony, at the church
door and proceeded up the center aisle
to the sanctuary where the groom and his
best man, Arthur W. Dollard, awaited
their coming. Here, standing in the midst
of delicate blossoms, Father Riley pro
nounced the holy binding words.
Although several thousand invitations
were issued for the ceremony, invitations
to the brilliant reception at the Kolly
home on California street were limited
to 250, The entire lower floor of the ele
TTTI3 SAX tfBA^GISCO CALL, THUBSDAY, JTT^E 16, 1595.
of the gupsts and elaborately decorated
with h wealth o( pink nml white blossoms.
Supper was served and dancing and music
wore the order of the evening.
The happy pair were the recipients of
many elegant, tirtistic and costly presents,
among which was a handsome home from
the brlde'B mother, at 2737 California
street, which Mr. and Mrs. Dollard will
occupy after their return from Del Monte,
where' the honeymoon will bo spent.
The bride, who Is a popular siolety belle,
Is the daughter of Mrs. Annie Arthur
Kelly and the late Michael Joseph Kelly,
niece of the late Senator Martin, and sis
ter of the well-known attorney, Joseph P.
Kelly.
Mr. Dollard is the son of Mr. and Mrs.
John Dollard and connected with the City
of Paris firm.
Among the guests at the reception were:
Dr. J. F. Gibbon, the Misses Kate and
Mamie Gibbon, Ills* Eva Bowlen, J. C.
Bateman, M. H. Bateman, the llif>*«-s
Bateman, Miss Mary Murray, Mrs. Green,
Mlbs Saille Green, Clarence Mueto, Miss Lotta
Musto, Mr. and Mrs. R J. Corbett, the Micntes
Esther and Kate Corbett, Joseph Keenan,
Thomas Keenan, Mlsb Ala Keenan, the Misses
Kate and Mamie Newman, D. Costello. T. P.
Crowley, Miss Jennie F. O'Rellley, Mr. and
Mrs. William Martin, Miss Alice Martin, Mr.
and Mrs. Jeremiah Mahoney, H. Meagher, the
Mlßses Alice, Mamie and Tessle Swift, Mr.
and Mrs. O. F. CarvlU, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Boyd, Captain and Mrs. Qulnn, Dr. Brennan,
Colonel H. I. Kowalsky, Mr. and Mrs. Charles
King, James n. Kelly, Miss Margaret Kelly,
Miss Louise Freese, Judge and Mrs. Walter
Levy, Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Flood. Miss M. War
ren, Mr. and Mrs. J. Cassldy, J. P. Sweeney,
Mrs. M. Fredericks, Miss Mary Fredericks, Mr.
and Mrs. M. Greeley, Colonel and Mrs.
O1O 1 Byrne, Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Byrne, H. A.
Ei^ort, Mr. and Mrs. G. H. Umbsen, H. P.
Umbson, J. Mallon, J. J. Van Noetrand, Lewis
Byingt.>n, Mr. ami Mrs. Alfred Kelley, Miss
Kate Bateman, E. T. Kruse, Edward Kruse.
Harry Mulcrevy, Mrs. J. Roberts, Mr. and
Mrs. Henry Fortman, Clarence Waterhouse,
D. Mfißce. P. M< Hugh. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph G.
Mansflold. Miss Agnes McAuliffe, Juneph Cor
bett, Miss Ella Muhoney, Mlbs Lizzie Ma
hon»y, Frank Mahoney, J. Dervan, Miss Sadie
Wafer, Edw. MoUevltt, Mies Sarah Mc-
Devitt, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Williams.
Charles Stanley, I^cwls G. Eckert. Mr.
and Mrs. J. G. Hushes. Dr. Hughes.
.T McCarthy, Mr. and Mrs. George Dow. Dr.
and Mrs. Garwood, Dr. Shankey, the Mls=<-s
Hl«<h.,p, Mr. and Mrs. Russell of Minnesota.
Miss Kate IMlnrd of Minnesota. Miss Loretta
Russell of Minnesota, Mrs. Gilhoolev, Miss
Hurlihy, Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Rainey, Mr. and
Mrs. M. J. Hynes. Mrs. Reynaud, Mrs. Fay of
Alameda. M. Leljfh, Pr. and Mrs. P. de Ve<-
chi, thp Misses Hussey. John GUmore. Mr. and
Mrs .T..hn Doußherty, Mr. and Mrs. J. Dollard,
Mi« Dee Dockery, Robert Dollard, Mr. and
Mrs. Lou Kelley, Mr. and Mrs. Chris Buckley,
Miss Kate O'Connell, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Ulanchfl^ld. M. H. Kelley, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas William* of Oakrllle, Mrs. M. Wright,
Sir. and Mrs. Charles Heggerty, the Misses
Llllle and M.irparet Caahtn, Mrs. M. Mohr
mnnn, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Rivers, Mr. and
Mrs. Griffin, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Murasky,
Mrs. Stanley, Miss Cornelia Stanley, the Misses
Lizzie, Mollle and Jennie Curtln, Mr. and Mrs.
Philip Fay, the Misses Minnie, Stella. Maud
and Clara Fay. Mr. and Mrs. John Qulnn of
San Jose, Miss Margaret Qulnn. the Misses
Lizzie and Doll; Quinn. Mr. and Mrs. P. Crow
ley, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Weiss, Mr. and Mrs.
Fleet F. Strother. Mr. and Mrs. 1). D. Keane.
Miss Daisy V. Keane. Miss May Keane. Miss
Agnes Reilley, .Tamos Lewis, Miss Nellie
O'Malley, Miss Margaret O'Malley. Miss Mamie
O'Connell, Mr. Landers, Mr. and. Mrs. H^n
drickson, Mr. and Mrs. Starkey, Mr. and Mrs.
Marcuod, Mr. and Mrs. P. J. Tormey, Miss
Clara Cosgriff. Mrs. Thomas O'Neil, Mr. and
Mrs. Elliott of Alameda,
THE WA.t TAX IS
FURTHER EXPLAINED.
COLLECTOR LYNCH ISSUES AN
IMPORTANT CIRCULAR.
Dealers in Cigars and Tobacco and
Malt Liquors Must Furnish
an Inventory at Once.
For the information of the trade. Col
lector Lynch sent out circulars yesterday
as follows: .
Every dealer lrr'fTifSfs ajid tobacco, whole
saler or retailer, must make an Inventory of
the cigars and tobacco they have on harid on
the morning of June 14. Memoranda jf the
stock in hand should be Hied at once with the
collector of Internal revenue. Bl.uiku will 'oe
received in a few days and delivered' to deal
ers on application.
For the guidance of collectors and '.ihers
interested the following Instructions in regard
t.. exchanges of stamps are hereby promul
gated: • *
Urewers and manufacturers of tobaoci and
dgurH Will prepare on form 38, to be obtHi:i"o
f'jni the collectors of their district, a claiiii f-r
the redemption, by exchange, of all stamps
representing the old rate of tax in their pos-
pension at the time the new rat* of tax goes
Into effect.
Each claim must be accompanied by a
schedule of the stamps presented for exehanße,
showing, In columns under appropriate head
ings, the number of each denomination, date of
pur.-hu.se, discount allowed at time of purchase,
If any, and amount paid.
There should also l>e forwarded with the
stamps returned t.i the collector for exchange
an order fur stamps at new rate of tax, ipecil
ing the denominations desired; the total net
nune of new stamps ordered being made to
correspond as n< j ux as practicable to the total
n« i value of tl» stamps returned for exchange.
Where It Is Impracticable to order new stamps
exartly corresponding In value to those re
turned, the order for such new stamps should
be made for an amount slightly exceeding the
\a!ut of those returned, and there should be
transmitted with such order the amount neces
!-ary to make good the deficiency In stamps re
turned.
\\ here a number of stamps are presented,
collectors must be allowed reasonable time for
the examination of the claims, counting of the
stamps, and verification by their records of the
dates of purchase and discount allowed.
As the redemption of stamps which have
been purchased for three years Is forbidden
by law, such stamps cannot be exchanged.
Upon receipt of stamps for t-xi-hange, with a
claim and schedule as above provided, accom
panied, where necessary, by money to make
good deficiency In stnmps returned, collectors
will, as soon as practicable thereafter, have
the stamps counted, and. if found correct, note
the fact on the schedule. The dates of pur
chase, discount allowed, and amount paid
should then be verified by the records In the
collector's office.
If these are found to be correct, the claim
should be certified on pa*e 2 by the collector
and new stamps of net value equal to the net
value of those returned and of cash transmit
ted, If any, therewith should be forwarded to
the purchaser. The stamps returned for ex
change, together with the claim and schedule
furnished by the brewer or manufacturer
should then be forwarded to the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue by registered mail The
stamps of each person must be separately re
turned.
THEY "WERE ALL DRUNK.
Thomas McVey, a Soldier, Acquitted
on a Charge of Assault to
Murder.
The case of Private Thomas McVey of
Company G of Wyoming battalion
charped with assault to commit murdor
upon W. H. FerrlH, a member of the same
company, on June 11, near Camp Merritt
was dismissed by Judge Joachimsen yes
terday morning.
Ferris was wounded twice by a bavo
| net or knife, but neither he nor threo
| other members of the company would
I testify that McVey used either weapon
I They admitted that they were all drunk
; and did not know what was going on.
The Judge in dismissing the case ad-
I vised the captain of the company who
I was in court, to discipline the lot and
1 make an example of them.
Last Campers' Excursion to the Santa
Cruz Mountains.
Considerable interest is being mani
fested in connection with the Southern
Pacific excursion to the Santa Cruz
Mountains next Saturday, the 18th
inst. As this will be the last campers'
excursion of the season, those who
have never taken this truly delightful
trip should avail themselves of the op
portunity.
Excursionists will take the 7*45 a. m
boat, narrow ■ gauge, from the ferry
landing, foot of Market street Oak
land passengers will take train same
,hour ■ at Fourteenth and Franklin
streets. Round trip tickets $1 25.,
The train will be In charge of Colonel
William ■ H. : Mejjton, | Bxo. Pass, Act,
Rjvco.' ; :•:■."■ ■ .;;.•.;-'■■■ ->-■■-.- . : <T- \
THE MAYOR
IS NOT A
CANDIDATE
Declines to Enter Into
State Politics.
MAKES A FINAL STATEMENT.
HIS WITHDRAWAL INJURES
MAGUIRE'S CHANCES.
Becent Events That Are Considered
Favorable to the Candidacy
Lieutenant Governor
Jeter.
Mayor Phelan is not seeking nor does
he desire the nomination for Governor
on the Democratic ticket. This is
final and authoritative and may be con
sidered as one of the few certainties
that are to be drawn from the whirl
pool of Democratic dissension.
"You may say that I am not a can
didate for the gubernatorial nomina
tion," said the Mayor yesterday, "and
I trust that the statement will set at
rest any conclusions that may have
been drawn concerning my position as
regards State politics."
The fact that Phelan Is no longer a
factor in the race for the place at the
head of the Democratic ticket will not
prove to be welcome news to the friends
of Congressman Maguire. These friends
have contended that with Phelan in
the race for Governor the support of
other candidates would be so weakened
by his candidacy that Maguire would
stand an excellent chance of carrying
off the plum. Now that the Mayor is
no longer a factor, the candidacy of at
least, one other aspirant becomes so for
midable that the probability that Ma
guire will not secure the nomination
becomes almost a certainty.
Now that Phelan has dropped out of
the rate for the nomination the list of
those who will put in claims for the
place at the head of the ticket is re
duced to Maguire, J. H. Seawell, H.
M. Laßue and Lieutenant Governor
Jeter. Frank H. Goulds recent state
ment that he is not a candidate is ta
ken as the true definition of his posi
tion.
As the candidacy of Seawell and L.a
| Rue is not considered to be formidable
i in any sense of the word, the fight ap
; pears to have narrowed down to Ma
guire and Jeter. This brings the ques
i tion back to the point of the signifl
1 cance of Phelan's withdrawal from the
race. The recent alliance between
Governor Budd and Mayor Phelan is
well known and may now be as well
understood. The part taken by the
: Governor in the appointment of the un
| popular City and County Committee
was the first visible evidence that the
two executives had come to an under
; standing. This understanding appears
to have been made on the basis of the
proposition that "You scratch my back
, and I'll scratch yours." In other words,
if the Governor will aid Phelan to
again become Mayor of San Francisco
the Mayor will assist Budd to defeat
Maguire-. Budd's enmity to Maguire is
well known and of long standing, and
it has long been an open secret that
Jeter is the administration candidate
for the Democratic nomination for Gov
ernor. With Phelan in the race for the
nomination the candidacy of Jeter
would be irreparably weakened. With
Phelan out of the race and pledged to
throw his support to the administra
tion candidate Jeter's chances of suc
cess become so bright that Magulre's
candidacy is rendered almost hopeless.
Regarding the comparative strength
of the two candidates the following
figures Bhowinj the vote cast in the
Fourth Congressional District in No
vember, 1894, teil their own story:
J. H. Budd W. T. Jeter J. G. Maguire
Governor. Lieut. Gov. Congress.
18,833. 15.164. 14,748.
This was in Magulre's own district,
\ where he is supposed to have more
i strength than in any other district in j
| the State. At that time Jeter was a i
comparative stranger to the voters of
the State while Maguire was at the |
height of his popularity. Even under
those conditions 416 more votes were
cast for Jeter than for Maguire. This is
| an argument that cannot be success
| fully combatted by the sophists who are
I prating of the rreat personal popularity
lof the Congressman. Since the election
of 1891 jKer has gained a hoal of
friends and has made no enemies, while
Maguire, by his utterances concerning
American sailors, as well as by the
manner in which he has promulgated
his single-tax theories to the detriment
of the farmer:? and the working classes
has minimized the popularity ot which |
he may at one time have boasted the j
possession.
Recent reports of Maguire's desire to ]
retire from a contest that- he now be
lieves to be hopeless are given credence !
by men in his own party who are in !
touch with political events. They pro- !
fess to believe that at the proper time
he will publicly announce his determin
ation to retire from the gubernatorial
race and that he will give as a reason
for the step the belief that his duty to
the people and himself demands that
he carry out the work he has begun in
Congress. Acting on this belief he will
a^sk for the Congressional nomination
in the Fourth District.
Mayor Phelan's declination to take I
more than a passive part In State poli- j
tics leads to the conclusion that he has \
finally made up his mind to remain at
the head of municipal affnirs as long as
he is permitted to do so by the citizens
of San Francisco. His friends declare
that 'it is his ambition to be elected
Mayor at the coming election, and that
after serving one year he will ask the
voters of this city to elect him Mayor
under the provisions of the new charter
which goes into effect at the beginning
of the year 1900, provided it is ratified
by the Legislature next winter.
To accomplish this becomingly, mod
est ambition it will be necessary for
him to have control of the political ma
chinery of his party, a condition neces
sary as the first step in the task of se
curing the majority :of votes cast at
two succeeding elections. As a prelim
inary move in this direction the Mayor
has, with the assistance of his friends
and new-found : allies, brought about
the appointment of : the Democratic \
City, and County Committee, an organl- |
zation so unpopular that it is already
threatened with dissolution or some- j
thing worse. The Majsor denies that j
he ever gave voice to the statement ;
that he had turned his aristocratic I
back on»the voters who have a place of j
residence south , of Market street, - but j
the personnel of his committee is suf
ficient proof of - the fact that ,he has
drawn the preater part of his council- I
men 'from the aristocratic precincts of
the "Western : 'Addition and has : given
the "marble heart" .to ■ the Democrats
south "of , Market Btreet, who brought
.sbp)j| J4§ jßlpp jtloa Jptbo Jop&ljtlpn h|> pow^
holds. The following table, published
once before in these columns, shows
the manner in which the new City and
County Committee was appointed, and
may be taken as proof of the assertion
that in the selection of the committee
men a direct and intentional slight was
put upon those districts that have al
ways been and are now the strongholds
of the Democratic party of this city:
Assembly District
0
SI
o o
M
09
P
o
w !
3 i
. M
cc
CO
| 2
3?
fa
a o
Kg
IS'
cr
879
731
540
919
405
174
74
I
i-enty-elghth
renty-nlnth
ilrtieth
ilrty-flrst
ilrty-secnnd
iirty-thlrd
irty-fourth
ilrty-flfth
ilrty-alxth
ilrty-seventh
'lrty-elghth
ifrty-ninth
Ttieth
Tty-flrst
Tty-second ....
Tty-third
'rty-fourth
•rty-flfth
'""£»'
.......
.......
" 130 '
160
339
571
809
839
593
394
173
1
2
2
1
1
4
7
4
13
7
11
17
7
7
1
9
1
140*'
Totalß
3,551
4.008
<-ommittemen from Democratic Dis
tricts 27
Committeemen from Republican Dis
tricts ...73
With the committee the Mayor ac
cepted the leadership of "Whispering-"
Gavin McNab and Boss Buckley. The
labor organizations have denounced
the one and the other respectable ele
ments of the community that have ban
ished the other will no doubt join hands
at the coming election for the purpose
of demonstrating to the ambitious
Mayor that the candidate who bids for
the support of such corruptionists is
not to be trusted with the position of
chief executive of the city of San
Francico.
The men who are responsible for the
existence of the new City and County
Committee are becoming badly fright
ened at the position in which they find
themselves and their white elephant,
the committee, and advice is being
sought for in all directions. Senator
White has been apprised of the situa
tion and an urgent plea has been made
to him to come at once to San Fran
cisco and lend his aid and his influence
to stem the tide of insurrection. He
has heeded the call so far as to consent
to view the situation at close range,
and he is due to arrive here within a
week or ten days. What his action will
be when he becomes aware of the true
state of affairs remains to be seen.
PRESSED BY CREDITORS.
Friedlander & Co. Attached to Secure
the Payment of Two Promis
sory Notes.
The hat and cap manufacturing firm of
S. J. Frfedlander & Co., doing business at
21 and 23 Sansome street, is in financial
distress. An attachment was levied on
the concern by S. \V. Levy, a commission
merchant, to secure the payment of two
promissory notes aggregating $19,000. The
first of the notes was executed on April
5 lai<t, and was for $1500, of which sum $500
has been paid. The other note for $IS,OOO
is dated June 1 and payable on demand.
A few hours later another attachment
suit was begun by the Bank of California
to secure $2u,u00, alleged to be due on five
promissory notes. The attorneys for the
bank \\<-re considerably discomfited when
they learned that the firm had been al
ready attached. The attachment papers
were left in the hands of the Sheriff and
a levy will be made to-day if anything re
mains to be attached. Three mortgages
against Frtedlander's property on Pacific
avenue, between Van Ness avenue and
Franklin street, were placed on record
yesterday in the Recorder's office. The
mortgages were given to secure notes exe
cuted on the 7th inst. One of the notes is
for 12100 and is drawn in favor of Anna
More, administratrix of the estate of J. C.
Mere. Another note is for $5100 65 in favor
of Lisette Friedlander, executrix of the
< state of A. J. Friedlander; while the
third note Is executed In favor of Sol
Moses, executor of the estate of Herman
Friedlander to secure the payment of
AN ELECTRIC SWITCH.
Market Street Railway Company In-
troduces a Novel Device.
The Market-street Railway Company is
placing a new electric switch at the junc
tion of Eddy and Fillmore streets. It is
the first one ever used on this coast and
is manufactured in Now Jersey: It is
placed between the rails flush with the
pavement and looks like the cover of a
conduit manhole. This box contains a
magnet with underground wire connec
tions with the track rails at a distance
of sixty feet in each direction. By sim
ply turning a lever under his hand the
motorman throws the switch without
having to slacken the speed of the car.
When the car passes beyond the sixty
foot limit the switch replaces itself auto
matically. These switches are simple in
construction and if they prove satisfac
tory will do away with the delay In the
present method of throwing a switch.
"With Dewey at Manila," and pic
tures taken from photographs of the
great naval battle, by Joseph L.
Stickney, the special war correspond
ent of The Call, wno stood on the
bridge of the flagship Olympia dur
ing the fight. — In next Sunday's Call.
Patriotic Policemen.
Rivalry exists in police circles as well
as in other walks of life. That this is true
was borne out by the latest move on th :
part of the O'Farrell-street squad in buy
ing a beautiful silken flag to flaunt to the
breezes that blow past their station
house. About two weeks agr> the officers
on duty at California and Kearny became
imbued with the same feeling of natriot
lsm that pervades the minds of every one
at the present time and "clubbing" to
gether raised a neat sum, which was de
voted to the purchase of the stars and
stripes. Sergeant Mooney of the O'Far
rell-sireet station called a council of war
yesterday, with the result that a dupli
cate emblem of patriotism occupies a po
sition of prominence in front of the sta
tion. Patrol Driver Pat Corbett has been
appointed color sergeant and he hoists
the banner of liberty daily, and now as
the men pass in they look with pride on
the evidence of their patriotism.
Read "The Curse of the Camp," by
Alice Rix,
In next Sunday's Call.
To Protest Bonds.
A mortgage for $1,000,000 on the proper
ty of the California Beet Sugar and Re
fining Company was filed on Tuesday in
tho Recorder's office by the California
Safe Deposit and Trust Company, which
holds th«j mortgage.
The mortgage is made to protect a bond
issue of the' sugar company, which is now
being handled by the trust company. It
is on the personal property of the sugar
company at the old Starr mill near Port
Costa in Contra Costa County and in
cludes the- machinery and stock carried
there at the present time. The bond is
sue, to secure which the mortgage has
been recorded, is one of 1000 bonds to run
fifteen years at 6 per cent. The mortgage
is signed by R. P. Rithet, president of the
sugar company, and W. H. Huntington,
the secretary.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Th» f*o- /Q
ADVEBTISBMENTS. __^-^~
TO-DAY'S OFFICIAL WEATHER REPORT— CIoudy ; fresh southwesterly wind. j
■
To=day
I we talk to mothers.
Every item appeals to the
economical side of her
pocketbook. These prices j
just introduce these goods j
—they'll advertise them= |
I selves after you buy them. |
i '
is *
This baby buggy $5.50. |
I Our leader, reed body and hood, shellac finished, uphol- \
I stered in fancy cretonne (see the design), steel wheels ;
! with patent brake and four solid C springs. It must be •
good when we -make a leader of it ! !
Children's We've put these on Ladies' You're making up your |
Colored sa c just or vacation Mdkfs vacation requisites now. J
Hdkfs time ; about 40 doz. (hemstitched) Put these on your list to \
i colored hemmed bor- buy at onee — 1 dozen j
j dered handkerchiefs, 12 inches square, white hemstitched hdkfs, pienty good \
\ floral borders — a mother will appre- enough to use when you're enjoying \
ciate how reasonable ■« your vacation by the « )
| these handkfs are. . . 2^^ \a\jJL, seashore or inland . . 35^ OOZ \
\ r«in^nn f!?innP>l Unbleached, extra heavy quality— in \
\ waiiLuii iiannei. the usua! way se(ls • j
for B|c per yard. This is a special selling price 5^ jcLV%X \
I The great sale of Infants' Long Slips, Skirts and Dresses continues, i;
i See our window display. • i
937=939=941=943=945=947 Market Street. j
—
3 - DAY SPECIALS !
All goods delivered ppompt-
- Iy. Below are some of the.
lowest prices ever quoted Sop
best goods.
HAMS, per 1b........ lHc
Finest Eastern.
Regular price. 13% c.
TOMATO CATSUP, pint bot 15c
"Ideal Brand." Absolutely pur«.
Regpilw price, 20c. , ' '; ; ;
OK WHISKEY, bot. 75c. . .3 bots. %IM
Gallon $3.00
Best known brand ■
of finest quality.
Regular price, $1 and $4.
Shredded Wheat Biscuits. . .pkg. 12ic
A health food for weak X"'l' .. '■ ~ •
Stomachs.
Regular price, 15c.
BUTTER, square ........... .35c
- Choice creamery. • - .
WE SELL THE IDEAL COFFEE POT.
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. . Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. Telephone West 152.
Catalogue Yree. Particular, attention
given to Mail Orders. ■
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
\ «ij! t». teetS,atr»cta£fr:css.Wa?
4s^hl>%^ <M Cmra M~ -J3iOcj
HS*P™ — -2s, tf
f^^^% VAN VROOWI .
5 Electro Dsntel Parlcrs
■'••'if«-|# N: ; SIXTH AND MARKET
/V» ¥■■ :>; a W.KLEtSER, D. S. '
000000000000000000
V- f PALACE W 2
% GRAND HorgkS*
o • ' SAN: FRANCISCO. Q
O 1400 Rooms.' 900 With Bath Attashsd. ~
O ;:■ ■ ; -*- /; DER • Ov* Masao^-" . v
O - j NOTE THE PBIC^S: O
O European Plan.Si: OO porday anJ upvrarl q
▲nierlean Plan.V3.OO per day »vi up\rara ~*
O" " '■■' ■ t.onei.|it.riij-iii •*■ rh>tictt«l . . O
O JOHN C. KIKSPA.TBICS, 1 Q
O O OO OO GO O 0.0.0 O O Q
A '.■• ■ ----- ■■'-.
I .GASH OE LITTLE-AT-A-TIME. f
T a n7?T
y a ' ' . Ut §5
■ "4 'ji *>
x ■*-— u ti--- it •
X 11 ' f
I . lU> I
I DINING=ROOM CHAIRS. !
% Oak, Cane Seat, High Back, ♦
<? Strong, Neat and Well Made. Th:s ♦
x week, 7a cents each. • x
| Combination Desk and Bookcase. 1
<£ With Mirror. Jo 00. X
X : Refrigerators from $5 50 up. <§>
I J. NOON AN, ;|;
«| Complete House-Furnisher, <«>
I lOIT to 1023 MISSION ST., f
<| Above Sixth. <$>
X Phone South 14. Open Evenings. *
M ADE~ME'A MAN
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CUKE
jtXX^emoiw />t«ea«e«— Falling Mem-
ory, Impotency. Sleeplessness, eto.. caused
- by Abuao or other T.xcoueo und India-
cretioas. They mUckly and sunlit
resioro Lost Vitality in old or yemng. and
- fit o man for bueinass or ioarria«e.
s»Prov»nt Insanity aad Consumption it
ma. Thoir sli'»w3 immediaiu lmnroTe-
inent and offectu a (TUKS wbcro all riher Uii I n .
si9t npor. havlna the Beunina Ajai Tnblots. They
have cured thout&nds tm«l wil 1 i:ure you. We *ivo v pos-
itivo written stnarantoo to offact a cure PVO la
each cuso or refnad the isone?. Price 9V W I cor
packers; or six pkfjes (full treatment) for C.SC. By
mail, in piain wr^rner. npon roceipt of prico. Circular
A.'AX yR^PDVCO., 'o.B«rborn ;
For «ale in San Francl»co by Leipnit» tt Ca»
23t Sutter. No-PerceDta«e Pharmacy, Hi WBt,
S^raDß .HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
Five hundred reward for any casa
ZSm C&H we cannot cure. This secret remedy
SDH. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
Five hundred reward for any case
we cannot cure. This secret remedy
stops all losses in 24 hours, cures
Bd Emissions, Impotency, Varicocele,
9*p PS Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits. Strictures,
vi Xrl IJost Manhood and all - wasting ef -
?5S ; ?JS fects ; of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
£!Sst*£K« sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5; sruar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, -855 Broadway, Oakland. CaJ. Also
for sale -at 1073 Vi Market st.., S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
ParU, J. ESPIC ; New York, FOUQERA & CO.
■ *OI.D BY ALL PRUGCISIS