VOLUME LXXXV.-NO. 31.
APPOINTMENTS THAT WERE
A " DISGRACE AND SHAME "
Gage Hurries His Inauguration in Order to
Keep Gunst in Office.
Burns and His Police Commissioner, About Whom the New
Governor Is So Solicitous, Denounced in a Public
Meeting Four Years Ago. :-.' :
PEOPLE'S PROTEST AGAINST GUNST.
Resolved, That while we con
sider this last appointment (Gunst's)
no worse than the first (Burns'), we
do feel that such appointments of
the representatives of the immoral
elements to the control of the F»o-
lice Department of this city are a
burning shame and an everlasting
disgrace to the decent and respect
able portion of the community.
Extract from resolutions unanimously
adopted at a mass-meeting of citizens
held at the Metropolitan Temple, Janu
ary 12, ie<?s.
Daniel M. Burns want? Mose Gunst
to continue in office as Police Commis
sioner.
Daniel M. Burns "has been very
kind" to Governor-elect Gage.
Thf> people "f San Francisco in .nass
meeting assembled denounced the ao
tment of Cunn as Police Commis
sloner.
The people of San Francisco rolled ur>
a hip majority for Gage on the strength
of hi? ante-election pledges.
The "peculiar" kindness of Burns has
\vr!g!it WTCT! the new executive
than the desires of the entire resoect
ahle element of the greatest city In the
commonwealth.
■.-.-•rnor-elect Gage is so desirous of
paying his personal obligations to
Burns that h» sent the following mes
sage to Governor Budd:
"Colonel Hums has been very kind
try me. and I feel that I am under ob
ligations to him. He wants Gunst to
continue in office, and now that I am
In a position to '.-andle this matter for
him I feel that I ought to do it. I am
in no hurry to be inaugurated, and
would prefer to let matters take their
usuai course, l>ut if it becomes neces-
I can l>e inaugurated in time to
lv, idle this Unless I get
the proper assurances I feel that I
ought to take such a course as will
lit any mistakes."
Possibly Mr. Gage does not know
that the original appointment of this
man Gunst, about whose retention in
office he is so solicitous, almost brought
cbout a revival of the old vigilance
committee days.
There was probably never a more
startling announcement than that
which told th" i !■!•■ that liose Gunst
had been appointed Police Commission
er for San Francisco by Governor
Mark ham. The idea was so preuoster
ous that the people laughed at the
joke. But they found that it was not
Markham'p day for jokin~. and then
the wave of indignation which b
over the city an<l State was bo strong
that any man but Muse Gunst would
have been giad to hide his shame under
a cloak of resignation.
Burns had also been "kind" to Gov
ernor Markham, and Gunst was his
pay.
The general sentiment of the people
at the time of the appointment of
Gunst was fully expressed in the terse
sentence of Postmaster Frank McCop
pln: "The whole thing is an infamous
outrage and an insult to the whole peo
ple."
And Gage wants to renew the out
rage and insult, because Burns "has
been very kind" to him.
Mr. Gag* was a resident of the State
that time, and he surely has not for
• n that immediately upon the an
■ vment of the appointment of
two ommittees, representing
elen ents of the city, the
h and the commercial bodies,
poo Mayor Sutro and asked
ill a public meeting to protest
the "outrage of the appoint
ment of <;unst."
Mr. Gage's obligations to
Burns an> such as to cause
him to forget that in response to this
call there svaa he,d a mass-meeting
Of citizens at Metropolitan Temple, and
that th> as» mblage was so great that
fully If. > peo] ie were turned away
after the spacious hall was crowded to
the doon
In order that Mr. Gage's memory may
be refreshed regarding The man about
whose appointment he is so solicitous,
because of the "obligations" to Colonel
Kurns, The Call will reprint a few of
the expressions heard in the speeches of
that meeting.
Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille_i deplore the
appointment, for it is a shame, an
♦utrage and a disgrace to the ccrmmu
nty.
I. J. Truman, president of the
Columbian Banking Company— Mr.
Gunst is the representative of the
worst element with which oui city is
affected.
W. H. Gagan was foreman of the
Grand Jury at the time and that
body tad been investigating Gunst. .
Mr. Ga^an said that he could not dis- i
russ tht matters which had been un- i
tier investigation, but lie made tke j
The San Francisco Call
significant remark: "I believe the
appointment one of the worst that
could have been made."
But the people assembled there In :
their indignation did something more !
than talk. They passed a resolution i
which would have laid bare the palpi- j
tating: flesh of anything but a
pachyderm, and then sent a committee
to wait on Gunst and ask him to re
sign.
But Gunst was not thin-skinned. He
was "insulted." -......■ ..
When 10.000 of his fellow-citizens I
unanimously passed the following reso- l
lution he was "insulted":
"Resolved, That while we consider
this last appointment (Gunst's) no ;
worse that the first (Burns'), we do i
. feel that such appointments of the rep- j
j resentatives of the immoral elements to i
! the control of the Police Department of j
this city are a burning shame and an i
\ everlasting disgrace to the decent and :
respectable portion of the community." i
What the people felt then they feel
now and while their protests were of
no avail their resentment of the dis
grace burns as strongly to-day as it
did four years ago, an<" when Mr. Gage
fo far foreets the kindness of the peo
ple of San Francisco, when they
changed a Democratic majority of 12.000
to a Republican majoriv of 4000 on the
belief in his ante-election pledges, as
to again insult them with such a cen
sor "f public morals he simply puhliclv
admits that his obligations to Burns
are of such a peculiar nature as to
compel him to dishonor himself and
his State.
The appointment of such a man as
Gunst to any position because of an
obligation to such a man as Burns is.
of itself, a disgrace to the State which
has honored Gage by calling him to
the gubernatorial chair, but when that j
appointment was made with a full i
knowledge of the protests of the peo- j
pie, not only of San Francisco, hut of
the whole State, insult is added to the
injury, and if the future is to be
Judged by the past Governor Gage will
have to be clothed in a hide as thick
a? that which covers the Police Com
missioner to escape the sting of the
people's contempt.
Thf-re is a moral, too, for the people
of the State in this that is beyond the
matter of the appointment of a Police
Commissioner for the city of San Fran
cisco. If the appointment of Daniel
M. Burns as Police Commissioner for ;
San Francisco was. as stated In that
resolution passed by thousands of citi
zens, "a burning shame and everlast
ing disgrace to the decent and respect
able portion of the community." what
will his election by the State Legisla
ture to the office of United States Sen
ator mean to the great commonwealth
of California?
Can the people of the State bear the
6tigma of being represented by a man
so openly denounced by the decent ele
ment of the community?
Mclaughlin is
out for burns
Declares He Will Do All in His Power
to Help Him to the
Senate.
SANTA CRUZ, Dec. 30.— 1n an inter
view last evening Maior McLaughlin.
in referring to a reported statement of
his in which he is stated to have open
ly declared himself for Burns for Sena
tor, said: "It is true I met Colonel
Eddy in the rooms of the State Central
Committee in the Palace Hotel last
Thursday night, and it is true we
talked of the Senatorial situation. It
is also true that I told Colonel Eddy I
was for Burns, but did not tell him he
could spread it broadcast."
'Then it Is true that you are for
Colonel Burns for United States Sena
tor?"
"I certainly am. and I will do all in
my power to help his election."
LEGISLATORS AND PLACE
HUNTERS ARE ASSEMBLING
SACRAMENiO Deo. 3>'i -Legislators
and the usual crowd of place -seekers that
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1898.
j accompany them- Are arriving on every
; incoming train. All are seeking the ho
tel lobbies eagerly inquiring the latest de
1 velopments in the fight for United States
j Senator.
Representatives from south pf Tehach
i api who are here insist that the Southern
j delegation is practically pledged ' to vote
\ for a Southern man, Grant and Bulla be
! Ing the favorites. They reason that as
| the north is apparently hopelessly di
j vlded. a long struggle is likely to result,
I which may end in the election of a South
, erner.
The Assembly will hare 59 Republican
; members. 18 Democrats. 2 Populists and 1
Independent. The Senate will be com-
I posed of 26 Republicans and 14 Democrats.
I On Joint ballot the Republicans will have
' 85 votes, 17 of them representing the coun
\ ties south of Tehachapi. It will thus be
j seen that the northern Republicans have
i 6S votes, 7 more than enough to elect.
None of the candidates for United
j States Senator are at the capital as yet,
with the exception of Senator Bulla,
whose duties on the Code Commission re
] quire his presence here. Governor-elect
Gagre has been here for several days pre
paring his inaugural address.
There will be no great number of leg
; Islaton here before Saturday night, and
las yet but few strangers are seen. It is
There Was an Impressive Silence in the Courtroom as the Clerk
Read the Words Condemning Mrs. Botkin.
understood that there will be no delay
In organizing the Legislature and that on
Monday there will be a thorough organ
ization, so that the balloting for a United
i Statc-s Senator can commence on the sec
ond Tuesday following the day of the
organization.
Both legislative halls are In readiness.
except that.rhere will be- an absence of
the usual printed matter In the way of j
official reports, etc., that has heretofore \
been on the aesks of members at the j
opening of the session. This lack of j
, printing la going to be very embarrassing
and' will probably delay the work of the
Legislature for. several days. The diffi
culties it will cause have been scarcely
realized. ■ ■
Service at St. Luke's.
A special- midnight service will be
held at St. Luke's Church, corner
■of Clay street and Van Ness
avenue, to-night.- The rector. Rev. Wil
liam H. Moreland. will deliver an appro
i priate address. Service w,ill " begin at
twenty minutes past 11 and will continue
until five minutes after 12.
■ » ■ . . -
Rosenthal.
Rostpnthal. the great pianist, made a
tremendous hit in Los Angeles last even
! Ing. He will arrive In San Francisco to
morrow morning, afid will be heard at
the Metropolitan .Hall' next Tuesday and
Thursday evenings and Saturday after
| noun, January 3, 5 and 1
MRS. CORDELIA BOTKIN IS GUILTY
OF THE CRUEL DELAWARE MURDERS
Jury Fixes Penalty for the Heinous Crime at Imprisonment for the Term of the Inhuman
Perpetrator's Natural Life- — The Condemned Woman Receives the Verdict
With Tearless Eyes and Unnatural Composure.
Her Attorneys Affirm That the Verdict Is Not in Keeping With Either the Law or the Evidence Submitted by the
Prosecution in This Case, Which Has Attracted the Attention of the Whole World Owing to the Vicionsness
of the Methods Employed by This Modern Borgia— Sentence Will Be Pronounced
on the Seventh Day of January.
«
We find the defendant,
Cordelia Botkin. guilty of
murder in the first degree,
and fix her punishment at im
prisonment for the term of her
natural life.
WITH these words a Jury
fastened upon Mrs. Cordelia
Botkin yesterday one of the
most cruel crimes of the cen
tury — the murder of Mrs.
John P. Dunning and Mrs. Joshua
Deane at Dover, Del., on the night of
August 9. This modern Borgia sent
through the mails a box of chocolate
bonbons, the contents of which were
heavily charged with arsenic. The
prosecution weaved a remarkable web
of circumstantial evidence about the
woman upon whom suspicion was first
directed and she was convicted last
night. As a motive for the crime they
showed her infatuation for John P.
Dunning, the husband of one of the
unfortunate victims.
Her manner when the verdict was an
nounced was in keeping with her ac
tions from the start. There was no sob
— no piteous moan as of a heart and
spirit crushed by the enormity of the
crime thus brought home to her. The
leaning which she has toward the melo
dramatic was with her to the end. As
Oscar Tolle read the verdict of the jury
with all Its dreadful Import she
watched him as though transfixed and
as immovable as stone. When the jury
was being polled she bent a look of
supreme disdain upon the men who h'±<l
weighed the evidence against her and
had said "thou art the woman."
At fourteen minutes past nine the
courtroom bell which is connected with
the Jury-room, rang out sharp and clear.
There was a peremptory tone to its
ring and those experienced in the ways
of Juries at once said it meant a verdict
had been decided upon and that it was
not likely to be favorable to Mrs. Bot
kin. A moment before those in the
courtroom stood about In little groups
discussing the possibility of the jury
being out all night. This seemed likely
as valises full of clothes were being
brought In from time to time.
At the premonitory signal from the
bell a hush fell upon those in the room.
Mrs. Botkin fidgeted about in her chair
and apparently could find no comfort
able attitude. Her hand went to her
head and she fingered nervously at her
mouth. Attorneys Knight and Mc-
Gowan were in their accustomed places,
as were her sisters, Mrs. McClure and
Mrs. Robarts, and their husbands.
The silence was oppressive. It was
some minutes before the door opened
and the jury filed In. The relatives
and supporters of the woman accused
sat with their backs toward the door
and gave no token of their knowledge
that the men were coming in. Those
who could see the faces of the jurymen
knew at once what the verdict was at
which they had arrived. There was a
set expression which told of an un
pleasant duty performed in keeping
with the trust and responsibility re
posed in them. They were asked if
they had arrived at a verdict and Fore
man Kennedy arose and said they had.
He handed a slip of paper to Clerk
Tolle, who in turn passed it to Judsre
Cook. He read It to himself and then
ordered it read aloud.
The word 6of such terrible import
were spoken and nothing broke the
stillness save the order of the Judsre
that it be recorded. This required
some moments and no one in the court
room stirred. Attorney Knight looked
neither to the right nor the left. Mrs.
Botkin cast one long look at the jury
and then gazed at the desk before her.
Her slaters were struck dumb and
could utter no words of sympathy or
cheer to the condemned woman. The
prisoner's face was sphinx-like and be
trayed no emotion, no feeling. The
room was cleared. No one seemed
brave enough to break in uuon Mrs.
Botkin and disturb her thoughts, what
ever they may have been. She sat per
fectly unright with her hands on the
table opening and shutting as though
clutching at something unseen by hu
man eyes. She fanned herself automat
ically and suddenly went off into a
faint. But this was but momentarily,
and she was soon herself again.
Her attorneys consoled her with the
statement that the verdict was not in
keeping with the law or the evidence.
! and they hinted at groat pressure hav
i ing been brought to bear on the iury
through the public sentiment that had
been aroused by the miscarriage of
justice in the Rosser and other cases
lately.
George H. Knight was the most dis
appointed person in the courtroom (not
even excepting the prisoner herself)
when the decision was handed in. Im
mediately after the verdict he wae
asked to express his opinion about it,
and said:
"Well, all I have to say is that it is
against the law and against the evi
dence."
When asked if he expected it he re
plied emphatically that he did not, al
though later on he was heard to say,
with an assurance that was no doubt
assumed, that he rather looked for it;
but he would not give the reason for his
change of sentiment.
"There have been errors of law made
in this case." he continued, "and on
that we will base our appeal for a new
trial."
When asked for a particular instance
of th^tee errors he said: "The Judge
erred when he did not state in his
charge, as I requested him to do, that
there was absolutely and positively no
evidence that Mrs. Botkin had pur
chased any lump arsenic in the Owl
drug store."
The attorney then abused one of the
jurors. "Why, this juryman," he said,
"owes a large amount of money to
members of the police force, but I will
not say any more, and I have advised
my client to keep a discreet silence."
Knight assumed a general air of in
different levity throughout his con
versation on the subject, but it was ap
parent he did not express his real feel
ings at the verdict.
If the jury came in for criticism from
Mr. Knight he in turn was criticized by
them. As they were leaving the room
after being dismissed one of them re
marked, "This will teach George
Knight that he cannot bulldoze wit
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
nesses with impunity when trying v
case before a Jury of business men. If
it teaches him and men of his kind that
those tactics are not the proper ones to
employ, the lesson will not have i>een
wasted."
When Mrs. Botkin was ready for the
road her sisters asked as a favor that
they be allowed to accompany her on
the journey to the Branch Jail at In
glefide. This boon was readjly granted
by Sheriff Whelan. When the time
came to move Mrs. Botkin had recov
ered her wonted composure and gave no
outward sign of the emotions within
her. She gathered her skirts about her
and with the grand air which had be
come a habit with her she said. "I'm
ready." With her little escort she left
the room and made her way out of the
building by the exit near the Hall of
Records. From here they went to Mar
ket street and thence down Seventh to
the Mission-street cars. She walked
between a Deputy Sheriff, who has
been her custodian from the first, and
Brother-in-law Robarts. Some of the
loungers on the street corners recog
nized her as she passed, but to the ma
jority she was but an ordinary person
age.
The greater portion of the day was
given over to the closing argument of
Mr. Hoemer. At its conclusion a re
cess of ten minutes was taken before
Judge Cook commenced to deliver his
to the ji'ry. The hum of "r.n
versation commenced immediately and
was not hushed until the jurymen com-
menced to file back to their seats. For
the second time during the trial Mrs.
Botkin removed her veil.
The great strain to which her over
strung nerves had been subjected dur
ing the long day showed In her face,
and she looked her two-score years.
The charge, which Judge Cook read
from manuscript, required a"n hour in
Its presentation. The woman's attor
neys knew that portions of it decided
certain disputed points in the testimony
favorable to her and they were confi
dent, or affected an air of confidence,
in the outcome of the jury's delibera
tions.
Not so Mrs. Botkin. Her face as
sumed an ashen pallor and her Hds
twitched almost continuously.
She could not cry. although there was
at all times a suspicion of moisture in
her eyes. For a time she watched the
I Judge and then bent a steady gaze on
! the Jurymen, as though to learn from
j their faces what the fates had In store
' for her. The solemnity of the closing
j words of the charge did not seem to
'■ strike home to her heart. A3 the Jury
: men left the courtroom to commence
their deliberations Mrs. Botkin leaned
her head on the back of her chair and
I her Ups moved as If in prayer. The
j pallor on her features, which seemed
I swollen, increased and for a time it
1 seemed as if she would faint..
Her faithful sister came to her relief
: and in a moment she stood up and
moved about in a sprightly manner.
At the suggestion of the Sheriff she
I was taken to his office, where she and
her relatives could commune in privacy.
The charge of Judge Carroll Cook
was an important one. If there was
any leaning, the tendency was toward
I the woman on trial for her life. In
opening the Judge congratulated the
1 jurymen that their duties would soon
J^eud and thanked, them for their atten2
tlon during the trial. He said in or
der thai their verdict should be in ac
cordance with the law and the testi
mony they must understand the prin
ciples of the law. It was for the pur
pose of Instructing them in this regard
thai he addressed them at that time.
H< said any error of his would be re
viewed by the Supreme Court.
With Questions of fact and height of
testimony the court had nothing to do;
those were matters for them to deter
mine. He warned them not to con-
Bider any evidence that had been
stricken out. They must not consider
tht argument, comment or suggestion.
of counsel as evidence. He then read
the suggestions made by the defend
ant's counsel to be incorporated in the
charge.
He told thfin that if any witness hnd
sword falsely they must discard all the
testimony of thai witness as not worthy
dence. He dwelt on the fact of
the burden of proof resting on the peo
ple, and that their case must be proved
a reasonable doubt. if two
codld be placed on any
<'ne of innocence, the other
of quill they must place upon it the
itruction of innocence. It was the
duty .if the prosecution to overcome all
t innocence.
Th.- ■ '.]>'.' nee of the experts should be
received with great caution. It is ad
misslble In i ertain cases and is entitled
to fie considered. He urged them to
form an opinion of ihrir own after per
sonal examination. In the considera
tion of tli> case they were not to be
: tlment, sympathy, pas
sion nor pr« jr..
As to th - letter post
marked In this city when Mrs. Botkin
was in Eureka, he said the presump
tion undei was that the latter
had been d< i ti d here and that such
presumption cannot be overcome unless
by evidence to the contrary. They can
not act on surmise or suspicion.
The first thing they were to ascer
tain beyond a reasonable doubt was
whether the deaths of the two women
brought about by arsenical pois
oning. This must be determined be
yond reasonable doubt, either by the
result of the autopsy or by other com
petent evidence. This must be done to
a moral certainty. If there is any
doubt as t'« the cause' the defendant
must be a< quitti <l.
They must not take into considera
tion her personal relations with Dun
ning, and if the motive was not shown
they must consider It In making their
verdict. If certain circumstances c*>uld
be proved either way they carried no
weight and should not be considered.
If the reasonable doubt existed it was
their duty to acquit. They must not
be guided by the preponderance of tes
timony, but must have more convinc
ing reasons.
The court dwelt at length on the mat
ter of reasonable doubt, saying if that
existed they must acquit the defend
ant. Thi; evidence presented them was
not to be weighed In an arbitrary man
ner, but tinder the carefully drawn
laws that govern evidence. The de
fendant was always entitled to the
presumption of innocence, and if the
■ able doubt existed she must be
acquitted. The moral certainty, how
ever, was all that the law reauired.
First it must be proved that a crime
had been '.. and then It must
be proved the defendant did it.
He then quoted the words of Judge
Murphy on the question of motive for
crime and devoted some time to a dis
>n of rlitt t or i sitive evidence.
. instant ial evidence was the basis
of the present trial and if proved was
just as s;ood an direct evidence, as all
ence was more or less circumstan
tial. If the circumstantial evidence
was proved they must find her guilty.
In dosing Judge Cook counseled them
that the enforcement of law was the
uard of society. That they had
a duty to perform both to the defendant
and to the public. He asked them not
to be swayed by sentiment, but t<> ba
faithful and just.
When the jury retired to deliberate
Mrs. Botkin went from the courtroom
to the otllce of Sheriff Whelan. She
was accompanied by her relatives and
seemed unconcerned over her fate. She
made herself comfortable near the fire
and after a discussion of the events of
the day asked for some coffee and.
toast. While she was disposing of this
her sisters went to a nearby restaurant
for dinner.
Long before 7:30 they were ready to
return to the court room. The crowd
gathered slowly. Apparently few knew
tlv cas>- had gone to the jury.
Mrs. Hotkin was by far the most un
concerned member of her little party.
She chatted prayly with Rmther-in-Law
Robarts, and toother they discussed
the contents of the evning napers. She
did not shield her face with the heavy
black veil that in the past had con
cealed the play of her features. The
harsh light from the huge chandelier
suspended above her head brought all
the lines of her heavy fac< out in strong
relief. The lines about the mouth have
been accentuated from the ordeal
through which she has gone, and in
truth she has passed her youth, as she
told her husband when she declined to
divorce him.
The wait semed to hang more heavily
on her sisters than on herself. They sat
somewhat apart from her and gazed in
open-mouthed wonder at this remark
able woman who gives no facial hints
that she is of their flesh and blood. The
Exquisite
Elite Limoges French China
Decorated in sprays of Pink
Roses and Forget-me-nots,
with pale green border and
gold edge. Romeo shape
Fruit Plates. Salad and
Relish Dishes. Tea,
Chocolate and Moustache
Cups. Chocolate Pots,
and everything that's
graceful
Attractive prices
Great America Impqrt'gTea Co,
66 1 Market. •?. Ptwell 705 Larlcln St.
140MxthSt. 1419 Polk St.
218 Third .-t. 1819 Dovisadero St.
800 Kearny St. 2008 Flllmore St.
14« Ninth St. 321 Montgomery Ay.
2510 Mission St. 1 100 Kentucky St.
3006 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mission St.
855 Hayes St. 32 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES: >~
1053Washlnatonst. 131 San Pablo Art,
©17 Broadway. 010 E Twelfth St. •
1510 Seventh St.
AI-AMEDA— 1355 Park St. .
SAX lalAF.l.-H St.. near Fourth.
Write for Catalogue. ; .: i ",
noises of the courtroom -seemed to dis
concert them, but they had no effect on
her nerves. Later on the sisters put
their heads together and carried on
an animated talk with the Rev. Mr.
McClure, husband of one of the Brown
sisters.
The closing argument for the people
by District Attorney Hosmer was a
brilliant effort. This was not from a
rhetorical or an oratorical point of
j view, but for its masterful analysis of
the testimony presented in thiß case.
It was cruel, pitiless, in the scattering
1 to the four winds the defense presented
by Mrs. Botkin. It was all such cold,
'hard reasoning that there was no es
| caping the conclusions arrived at by
i this master analylst. Take the letter
admitted to have been written to Gov
ernor Budd by Mrs. Botkin requesting
the appointment as a nurse in the
army.
Mr. Knight thundered away at this
i and explained to the jury that his
I client could not possibly have written
it with Jack Dunning In her mind, as
if she secured the appointment the
only place Governor Budd could send
her to would be Manila. This all
sounded very good and reasonable until
Mr. Hosmer dissected it. He found it
\ dated early in April of this year. Boon
.after Dunning had left this city. He
then pointed out tnat the srallant
Dewey had not made Manila a place
1 open to Americans until May Ist. All
; Knight's eloquence could not contro
: vert that cold. fact.
He told some wholesome truths re
garding the bad taste displayed by the
' defense In the intimidation of wit
nesses. This he claimed was not for
t the purpose of contradicting the wit
nesses but to hold them up to
.scorn and ridicule. It showed the des
perate straits to- which the defense
was put, especially as. they were
i unable to show any witnessess un
worthy of belief. His slow, measured
dramatic words had their effect
on the followers of Mrs. Botkin. "When
he laid bare her life in this city, away
from her husband, he talked plainly.
He spoke of her life with Dunning as
.degraded, dissipated, licentious.
Mr. Hosmer was honored with the
largest attendance o-f the trial. He was
prepared for a great effort and outdid
all his previous efforts, and as some
j one remarked, proved that he was, as
; has been claimed, "the brains of the
District Attorney's office for the past
ten years." The courtroom was filled
with ladies. He held the attention of ;
his auditors from the start, as he had
a thrilling story of crime to tell them, j
He questioned the good taste of the j
attorneys for Mrs. Botkin in coming be- !
fore the jury and pleading that they j
were serving without hope of compen- {
sation. They could not urge that as a j
defense for their client. He asked that
they try her as a man. without fear,
favor or affection. He then described ,
the terrible crime by which two Inno
cent women were murdered without ad- j
monition or warning that they had an j
enemy in all the world.
He showed where counsel for the de
fendanf were at variance In their rea
soning on the case. He scoffed at the
contention that the box of candy had
never gone through the mail, claiming
that it had been proven absolutely. He
pictured the scene on the porch of the
Pennington homestead, when the candy
was brought from the postoffice, and
the little group tried to decipher from
whom had come the box and its loving
note and dainty handkerchief.
He likened the person who sent the
poisoned candy to a snake, but said
the latter gave warning when It was
about to strike. He said he expected
to prove the poisoning to have been
done to gratify the lust of a designing
woman. She stole the livery of heaven
to serve the devil. She took this moth
er out of this life not for hatred but
to satisfy a lust that could not other
wist be satisfied.
He said witnesses on the stand were
entitled to as much consideration as
: they were accorded upon the street.
They should be free from insult and
intimidation which was never used to
effect any good or wholesome ends. In
' suit and innuendo do not prove that a
man uttered a falsehood on the stand.
He cited questions asked witnesses that
were Intended to give a wrong impres
sion to the jury, and went down the
list of witnesses that Knight had baited
upon the stand. These included the
majority of the witnesses for the prose
cution.
He traced the probable development.
icf the plot to , kill this woman and
) shewed how a little. at a time would bo
I accomplished. That the person wiro
Vanned so frightful a crime would have
many struggles with her conscience,
that at times must have been over
. whelming.
For the motive he traced the rela
tions existing between Mrs. Botkin and
Dunning from the first day they met in
Golden Gate Park. From her testimony
she made Dunning appear to be a waif,
neglected by the world and taken under
her wins for protection. She told all
the good she had done, but hesitated at
the evil. When she told of the bracers
of whisky we get a glimpse of the char
acter of a woman who is not virtuous.
Dunning told of their life and showed
that it was one of degradation, dissipa
tion, licentiousness; a story of the race
track, back doors of saloons and every
thing that would make up total de
pravity.
The only conclusion we can draw
from all her testimony is that she was
not acting: the Rood Samaritan, but was
actuated by a mad infatuation for this j
man. Why should she be giving out the j
money she received fr«~m Botkln unless j
shf was infatuated with Dunnlne. i
Dunning tells us all these thinps which i
tend to show her feelings toward him,
and Mrs. Simpson fold of her breaking ;
down at Oakland when she finally said
good-by to this man.
Her statement^ to Mrs. Ruoff and |
Miss Livernash later on show what her
sentiments were toward this man.
Dunning has made no secret of the life j
they led while in this city. When he j
returned from the war he found his |
wife dead, and when the cover of the
box and other documents were lftid be
fore him they told with unerring ac
curacy the identity of the sender.
Mr. Hosmer asked, "Do you suppose
Dunning would come across the con- j
tinent and would open his lips and lay
bare his past life as he has done if he ;
did not consider her guilty? Remember
the obligations he uas under to Mrs. :
Botkin, and you can appreciate the fact !
that under no other conditions would
he tell than those in -which he found
himself. He knew that she was the i
actor in this diabolical plot.
"Mrs. Botkin was willing that her ,
husband should have the pleasures of
life, but was not willing to grant him a
divorce. This is reasonable because she
wants the support which he has ac
corded her. Both of them are adulter
ers and both are so knowingly. She
comes on the stand and tells you that
she has been a good and dutiful wife,
but she has imposed on you in this
respect."
Mr. Hosmer said that the anonymous j
letters tell nf all their relations arid
who would know of them but this wo
THE SAX FEANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 31. 1898.
man. In the June 18 letter, which
was mailed here when Mrs. Botkin was
In Eureka, she uses such statements
"as financial difficulties," "race track
speculation," "both given to drinK,"
"forfeited all rights to you," "has left
the city and is divorced from her hus
band."
These are all facts only within the
Knowledge of Mrs. Botkin. This is
particularly so of the expression re
garding the divorce, as she told Dun
ning that her husband had secured a
divorce from her in San Joaauin Coun
ty and that Dunning was the co-re
spondent. According to her own testi
mony Botkin led her to believe she was
free, and who else ever knew this.
Mr. Hosmer said it was possible that
the letter postmarked this city when
Mrs. Botkin was in Eureka could have
been sent here under cover to be re
uiailed. At this Mrs. Botkin and her
counsel laughed heartily.
Mr. Knight broke In with: "Do you
claim it was sent under cover? It was
not proven.." He then objected to Mr.
.Hosmer using any such illustration be
fore the jury.
At the opening of the afternoon
| session both Knight and McGowan
j were late. The latter appeared some
seven minutes after 2, but it was an
hour later when Mrs. Botkin's senior
j counsel put in an appearance.
Mr. Hosmer took up his analysis of
•the annoymous letters. He showed that
| in another of Mrs. Botkin's letters the
■date and the post mark did not aeree.
This was the letter of July 10. and
bears the postmark of July 9. He
quoted the "quiet Bohemian life." a
sentence Mrs. Ruoff said Mrs. Botkin
often used.
Mr. Hosmer. claimed that the motive
for the crime was that her relation
i with Dunning be changed from that of
! mistress to one of wife. She sees him
! in a new light other than that of op i.
; licentiousness in this city. He had
gained fame as a war correspondent,
and she wanted to share — to go and be
; his consort In New York. She would
I even remove Mrs. Dunning from the
■face of the earth, arid by her death get
her husband. ' '
The plan to incite her to divorce had
! failed, and now she- wanted to wipe
wife and child put of existence. There
was the motive for the act, and that
was what prompted the action that ter
: minatedso fa.tefully.
He spoke of the gravity of the offense
; that caused the death of those women,
| that it was cowardly and premeditated.
! He said the gallows was the proper
| end for such a person and asked the
jurors to do their duty to themselves
[and to the community in which they
; lived.
Judge Cook will pronounce sentenre
i upon the condemned woman next Sat
i urday.
Now that. Mrs. Botkin haa suffered a
conviction at the hands of. the jury that
tried her, the petition of W. L. Har
per, recently filed to determine the ju
risdiction of the Superior Court to try
the accused, will, according to Attor
ney Louis Boardman; who represented
Harper, be taken up and the Jurisdic
tion of the court finally determined.
This being the case a formal apoeal
from the judgment of the Superior
Court will not reach, the Supreme Court
until after the matter of jurisdiction
has been determined, and if it is found
that the trial court had no jurisdiction
the, efforts of the people to punish the
condemned murderess will have gone
for naught.
BIGGY HAS CUT
ELECTION EXPENSES
COMPARISON OF COST OF THE
OFFICE FOR TWO YEARS.
Systematic Shaving of Items Which
Leaves a Surplus in the
Registrar's Hands.
Registrar Biggy has .iust issued a state
ment showing- the expenses of his office
| since the beginning of. the last fiscal year,
with an estimate of expenses until Its
close, oh June 30, 1599. He also makes
a comparison of the expenses incurred by
him and those of his predecessor, William
M. Hinton. According to the statement
the office can be run much cheaper than
Hinton succeeded in running it.
Hinton's office expenses tor 1896-97 were
$6600, the amount fixed by law. The ex
penses of the Presidential election, hold
November 3, ISW, were $195,556 7S. Adding
the $6600 for office expenses; a total is
i found of $202,156 78 for the year.
Biggy has Bhaved this down apprecia
] bly. His office expenses, ll.ke those of Mr.
Hinton, will be $6600. and he was granted
an appropriation of $149,500 for the general
election held November 8. Instead of run
ning over the appropriation, as has fre
quently been done, he got through the
election on $146,613 93. leaving a balance
of $2886 07. "With his office expenses added
to those of the election the total expanse
of Tunning th>- office for the year Will be
$153,213 93. against $202,156 78 for on« year
of Hinton's administration.
The figures of the Freeholders' election
duringHlnton'sterm, compared with those
of the charter election in Biggy's, also
make an interesting comparison. It cost
Hinton $15,151 91 for the freeholders' elec
tion on December 27. 1897., while ac char
ter election on May 2fi, IS9B, was engi
neered by Blggy for $12,181 66. The differ
ence is chiefly in minor items. •
SAVED FROM DECAPITATION.
Three Men Rescue Arthur Simmons
From a Fearful Fate in an
Elevator.
Had it not been for the presence of
mind of Manager Gibson of the Grant
Pharmacy in the Parrott building and
Messrs, Pearce and Simms. Arthur Sim
mons, a boy of 14. would have been de
capitated by the elevator. At noon the
boy, who is employed .in the pharm.iey.
was given the afternoon off and started
for the elevator. He found the door open
and stepped in. Not finding the elevator
boy he waited for him to appear, and
just then the elevator began to descend
slowly. After it had gone four or fivj
feet he became frightened and attempted
to ge.t out. The trip of the cage caught
htm in the back and he called for help.
Gibson and. Pearce ran to his assistance
and caught hold of the elevator. tliu;»
holding its weight off and preventing It
from crushing him : . Dr. Simms heard the
cries and came out with a scantling,
which he used (is a lever, and held the
elevator up until the' power could be re
versed.
The boy had in the meantime worked
himself, out with the exception of his
head, and the use of the scantling 1 saved
him from decapitation. He- was removed
to the residence of his uncle, W. B. Sim
mons, and it was found that his collar
bone whs dislocated and his kneecap in
jured. The full extent of his injuries has
not yet been ascertained, but he is rest
ing easily. He will be confined to his bed
•for six weeks.- It is. not thought that he
has sustained internal injuries.
! » ♦ « : :—: —
ORPHEUM EMPLOYES DISMISSED
Ed Lewis and Moses Engle Caught
Defrauding the House.
Ed L,pwls. the ticket-seller, and Moses
Engle, the door-keeper,, of the Orpheum,
were discharged yesterday for dishonest
practices in the manipulation of their of
fices. Both combined to secure a little
extra money on the side.
The way in which they operated their
scheme, it is said, is as follows: In the
sale of matinee tickets coupons .were used
and they were torn from a roll which ran
from No. 1 to 100.009. As these tickets
were sold In advance of the show to
av.oid the rush in the box-office, the only
accounting that was made was taken
from the. tickets depositeS in the box at
the door. Lewis would hold out a number
of tickets cut off some weeks previous
sell them, and Engle. on their presenta
tion at the door, would hold them out.
Their practices were discovered at the
Wednesday matinee, when Paul. Butler,
the special policeman of. the Orpheum'
discovered Engle secreting some of the
old tickets in nls pockets. The two em
ployes were promptly discharged.
.. — ■ ♦ «
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Qutnln* Tablets. All
<lrug:jr!sts n-fund the money If It fails to cure.
16c. The genuine baa L. 8. Q. on each tablet.
THREE MEN
KILLED IN
AN AFFRAY
Tragedy Follows Fire
in Oregon Town.
BATTLE WITH A DESPERADO
FATALLY WOUNDS TWO OFFI
CERS BEFORE BEING SLAIN.
The Doings of a Bad Man From Texas
Causes the Bloodiest Tragedy in
the* History of Clatsop
County.
Special Dispatch tp The Call.
PORTLAND, Dec. 30.— The burning
of the Fulton cottage at Seaside last
Wednesday morning culminated this
afternoon in the bloodiest tragedy in
the history of Clatsop County, as a
result of which three men are cold in
death and one other is badly wounded.
The dead are:
SHERIFF J. W. WILLIAMS. '
DEPUTY SHERIFF JAMES LA
ME RS.
CHARLES WILLARD.
Deputy Sheriff A. E. Miller was shot
in the leg. It was considered certain
by every one that the burning of the
cottage was for the purpose of con
cealing a robbery, and a suspicion
pointed to Charles Willard as the guilty
person, particularly, as he was seen a
short time after the fire coming: from
the locality with a wheelbarrow load
Acting on the suspicion Sheriff Will
iams this morning secured a search
warrant and, in company with Senator
< '. W. Fulton and others, w;ent to Sea
side to search Willard's premises and
also all the cottages of which he has
charge during the winter season.
About 3 o'clock this afternoon Williams
Fulton and Deputies A. E. Miller and
James Lamera, the two latter being
residents of Seaside, went to the cot
tage of Mrs. Susie Lewiston, where
Willard was living, to search it.
Their rap at the door waß answered
by Willard, who on learning what was
wanted, agreed to permit a search of
all the houses. On pretense of being
on the lookout for a beach thief he
picked up hisj rifle and said he would
accompany them. They left the house
and searched the Carlson cottage, and
then Fulton asked Willard to walk
bark to the Lewiston cottage.
It was on near ing the cottage the
second time that the tragedy occurred.
Senator Fulton had identified some
shotgun cartridges in the house as be
longing to him, and began questioning
Willard as to where he got possession
of them. This nettled Willard, although
he answered that a friend had given
them to him, and he began to get ugly.
Fulton and Miller went inside the
cottage, leaving Willard, Sheriff WiU
liams and Lanners standing outside.
! They had lust proceeded to the rear
room when two shots were heard in
quick succession, and on running to the
door Sheriff Williams was seen to
throw up his hands and fall backward
over the bank.
In front of the house were Willard
and La»ners, in a desperate hand-to
hand struggle, although the latter had
been shot thro«gh the right groin and
w;;s fast growing faint, and his assail
ant was fighting with the desperation
of a demon. Fulton sprang at Willard's
head, and pulling him to the ground
jumped on hi-s face. Miller wrenched
the. rifle from his hand, threw it on the
ground and taking out his revolver
beat the desperado on the head.
Senator Fulton in the meantime
picked up the rifle and told Willard to
remain uiet or he would; kill her. The
latter, however, watched his opportun
ity, and jumping to his feet started to
run away, when Fulton fired, missing
him the first time, but striking him in
the face the second time and carrying
ay ay the greater part of his mouth and
Willard fell apparently dead and Ful
ton started to obtain help to care for
the injured men, leaving Miller on
guard with the rifle In hand. Miller
s.teppod back to aid Lamors, who was
lying on the ground desperately wound
ed, When Willard was noticed to be
fumbling with his belt. Quicker than a
flash ho drew a revolver and fired three
bullets, the first one hitting Miller in
th<- l>-ft leg just bolow the hip. Mil
ler returned the fire with the rifle, the
first bullet inflicting a flesh wound in
Wlllard'i shoulder and the second hit
tin? him in the left side near the groin,
killing him instßntly.
By this time help had arrived, but
Williams and Lamers were beyond all
aid and soon m*A A Coro-ner's Jury
was summoned, and after hearing the
testimony, rendered a verdict in ac
cordance with the facts.
The bodies of the three dead men
were placed on board the train and
brought to this city, those of Sheriff
Williams and Deputy Lamers in cas
kets and that of the desperado wrap
ped in an old sail.
Just how the shooting of Sheriff Will
iams and Deputy Lamers occurred will
never be known, as there are no living
witnesses now, but it is evident thit
they were taken unawares and were
killed with bullets from a revolver, aa
six chambers of Wllldrd's revolver were
empty.
Sheriff Williams was- one of the most
popular men'in the city. He was about
40 years of age, a native of Kentucky
and had beon a resident of Astoria for
abort ten years.
James Lamers was also an unmarried
man. about 3." years of age. He was a
'.•arpentor, living at Seaside, and was
deputized by Mr. Williams to aid him
to-day.
Of Charles Willard. the man who
caused the trouble, very little is known.
He came to Seaside from Texas about
seven years ago and had always beer
considered n dangerous character. It
was his habit to carry a rifle and twr
revolvers with him night and day. and
he often remarked that he would novei
be taken alive. He lived by himself Ir
a tent in Grimes drove and earned a
livelihood by looking out for certair
cottages during the winter. It has
been a notable fact for years that near
ly every residence not left in his charge
was either robbed or defaced in some
MOUNTED SWORD CONTEST.
Louis Tronchet of the Olympic dull
Will Meet Ivan de Malchin,
the Invader.
Lnst night at the Olympic Hub T.nui?
Tronchet. the celebrated fencing- master;
M.. Kennedy and Ivan de Malchin, tne
champion mourrted swordsman of the
world, accompanied by his backer and
manager. Major R. Scott Granger, met
and signed articles of agreement for a
mounted sword contest of twenty-nine at
tacks. The contest will be for the cnam
pionship of the world, and the location
and date will be decided upon next week.
The referee and judges will be selected
a week before the contest takes place.
HOME RULE
IS PROMISED
FILIPINOS
Costly Proclamation Is
Cabled.
THE MILITARY OCCUPATION
IT IS SHOWN NOT TO BE FOB
WAR, BUT PROTECTION.
Major General . Otis Sends News of
the Attitude of Aguinaldo's Crowd
That Causes Uneasiness
At Washington.
Special Dispatch to _ The Call.
NEW YORK; Dec. 30.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: President McKinley's procla
mation setting forth the conditions un
der which the United States takes pos
session of the Philippines has b^en
cabled to General Utis for promulga
tion.
This was done several days ago and
it is assumed that General Otis has
already published it and taken steps
to give it the widest possible circulation
throughout the islands. The proclama
tion is a,bout 2000 words in length and
was cabied to Manila at an expense or"
$1900. It is modeled on the one issued
by General Shafter at Santiago when
this Government took possession of that
city and province, but has been much
amplified.
Home rule under the supreme direc
tion of the United States is by the
terms of the proclamation to be given
the Filipinos in the fullest sense. It
promises that they will be accorded
advice in local government and that
the Filipinos shall be eligible to official
positions. They will be given a fair
judiciary, freedom of speech and of
press.
The proclamation shows that military
occupation of the islands is not for the
purpose of making war on the inhabi- I
tants nor upon any party or faotion I
among them, but to protect them in
their homes in their employments and
in their personal and religious rights.
The manner of treatment of property
ajid the collection and administration
of revenues, in accordance with the
open-door policy set forth in the treaty,
are fully and plainly stated.
While the rule and conduct of the
American officers will be in the line
just indicated, the proclamation also
shows that it is the purpose of the
United States to adopt radical meas
ures if unfortunately the course of the
people should render such measures in
dispensable to the maintenance of law
and order. The instructions accom
panying the proclamation require Gen
eral Otis to take immediate steps to
secure the disarmament of insurgents
in order that peace may be established
and continued in the islands.
Disquieting advices weTe received to
day from Major General Otis, respecting
the attitude of Aguinaldo and his in
surgent forces io the Philippines.
General Otis has not yet been in
formed of the result of the instructions
transmitted by him to the army ex
pedition sent to Jloilo which requires it
to occupy that city notwithstanding its
surrender to the. insurgents. His cable
gram to-day, which was read by Sec
retary Alger at the Cabinet meeting,
stated he was awaiting advices and as
soon as they were received they would
be immediately sent to Washington.
He then went on to describe the atti
tude of the insurgents in Luzon and the
information he gave was not encourag
ing to the officials.
The officials are disinclined to make
public General Otis' dispatch for the
reason .that they fear It will give rise
to apprehension concerning the situa
tion in the Philippines when they feel
confident that the military and naval
arms of the Government are able to
bring the insurgents to terms.
STATEMENT OF THE
FILIPINO JUNTA
HONGKONG, Dec. 30.— The Filipino
junta has replied to the. report of Com
missioner Harden, who was sent to the
Philippines by the Government of the
United States to report on the condi
tions there prevailing. The junta asked
the Associated Press to publish the fol
lowing as revealing "the true situation
and sentiment" in the Philippines:
We deny that Aguinaldo will' be satis
fied If made a major general in the com
mand of live native regiments and that
if th ! s is done the national army could be
disarmed and disbanded.
We repeat our appeal- for ah impartial
inquiry by an able .commissioner and im
plore the American people to retrain from
a hasty decision.
The Filipino Government views with
alarm Commissioner Hardens proposal to
impose In America a high protective tariff
against Philippine products.
■ 11-oilo surrendered to the national army
■which is the completion of the occupation
of the Island of Panay. There is no truth
in the reported establishment of an oppo
sition republic in the Vlsayas. All the
officials in the Visayas hold Aguinaldo
commissions.
The Filipinos are yearning for a peace
ful settlement of all questions. To their
brothers arross the sea the Filipinos send
greeting and earnest prayer that with the
new year will come the dawn of a new
era of peace,' prosperity mul gn.nl fellow
ship with the free and henonctnit people
of the United States. Though but an- In
fant among- nßtions yet we are strong, if
assured of tho good will of the great
American' nation.
INSURGENTS AT ILOILO
INCLINED TO SURRENDER
MANILA, Dec. 30.— The British
cruiser Buena Ventura has prone to
Iloilo to protect British interests there.
The Spanish steamer Romalus. which
hns just arrived here, confirms the re
port that the insurgents, at Iloilo are in
clined to surrender that town to the
Americans if satisfied as to tho form of
government which will be accorded
them.
THE LIE WAS PASSED.
Trouble Between Justice of the Peace
Barry and Attorney Wilscn
Over Blackman's Bond.
The utterly worthless bom} accepted by
Justice of the Peace Barry for the release
of the disgraced policeman. Caseins
Blackman. who has fled, will, probably
lead to some interesting developments.
Captain Seymour is still determined
to take the matter before the next
Grand Jury, and yesterday Judge
Barry and Attorney J. N. E.
Wilson, who represented Blackraan
had a conference with htm. Barry
accused Wilson of misrepresenting things
to him when accepting the bond, and
blamed him for getting him .into trouble.
Wilson denied the charge; and the lie
direct was passed between them. Barry
intimated that he would bring Wilson's
conduct in the matter before the Bar
Association, and Wilson told him to do as
he pleased.
Meantime Blackman is a free man, and
his sureties are not worth troubling about.
It is said that "William Kennedy, one of
the sureties, was promised $25 for going
on the bond, and when he went to the
saloon where Blackman and his friends
had agreed to meet him for his money
he was kicked out.
BASEBALL NOTES.
Santa Cruz and Seattle Will Cross
Bats in Their First Champion
ship Game.
The Santa Cruz and Seattle clubs will
play their first game to-day for the Pa
cific Coast championship series at Recre
ation Park. Both clubs are In good con
dition and will put up an interesting
game. As the Santa Cruz Club is anxious
to make the tour of the Pacific Northwest
with Seattle it v.-ill make every possible
effort to lead In the series. -
Mr. Doyle, the president of the Seattle
Club, will take the California club having
the highest percentage in the series with
him when he makes his tour, in contem
plation of which Santa Cruz will have
their strongest front in the field in this
game.
The following will be the make-up of
both teams:
Santa Cruz. Position. Seattle.
Donlln ...Pitcher .Andrews
Paubenbls '.. Catcher .'. ; Hartman
Fitzgerald First base Parrott
Arrelanes Second base Anderson.
Devereaux Third base Kleiber
"Williams Shortstop Babbitt
Streib Left field Hopkins
Lsnge Center field Clark
Burge Right field ODea
■ ♦ ■ ■
FEMAXE PICKPOCKETS.
Dene Smith and Kittie Fitzgibbon. two
of the most notorious female pickpockets
I In the country, were arrested last night
by Policeman Regan and charged with
I vagrancy. They were in the act of rob
| bir.g a stranger in front of the Palace
Hotel wlun recognized by the officer, and
Ihe placed th^m under arrest. The Smith
woman ha:* a ohnrge of grand larceny
pending against her in Judge Conlan's
I court.
Several weeks ago she was arrested for
i holding up a bucolic stranger on Stockton
I street "and robbing him of $65. She was
caught by Police Officer Fennel, after an
exciting chase, and was formally charged
iat the City Prison. For some reason no
I effort has been made to prosecute the
| case against her.
Captain Spillane is determined to prose
cute the women on the vagrancy charge,
notwithstanding their boast that they
have a "pull" with the Police Judges.
WANTS TO VOTE FOR SENATOR.
When the case of Assemblyman-elect
Charles F. Kennealy, charged -with man
slaughter in causing the death of the old
man, William Quane. at Third and
Brannan streets, Thursday, was called in
Judge Mogan's court yesterday morning
Attorney Ach, for the defendant, asked
for a postponement.
"The Coroner's inquest." he said, "has
not yet been held, and the defendant is
about to leave for Sacramento to attend
the opening of the State Legislature as
Assemblyman from the Twenty-ninth
District. A vote for United States Sena
tor will be taken there about the middle
of January, and the defendant does not
want to be deprived of his vote. I would
therefore ask that the case be continued
till January 23."
After some discussion the request of the
defendant's attorney was granted, and
the defendant, who is out on his own re
cognizances, promised that he would be
in court when the case was called.
Oliver Morosco a Manager.
Oliver Morosco has the managerial bee
in his bonnet and on Monday evening 1
next will commence a nine weeks' tour of
State, at the Clunie Opera-house. Sac
ramento. He has engaged James M. Bro
phy and the entire Grand Opera-house
stock company, comprising Lander Stev
ens, Fred J. Butler, Max yon
Metzel, Maurice Stewart. Bert Mor
rison, George Nichols, Herbert Hln
nlng, Lorena Atwood, Fanny Gil
lette, Madge Daley, Esther Jennings,
and Julia Blanc. His repertoire will con
sist of "Trilby," "Held by the Enemy,"
"The Commodore." "Pink Domlnog,"
"Passion's Slaves." "The Cherry Pickers"
and "My Partner." Mr. Morosco has
been very fortunate In his bookings and
he certainly deserves to succeed, for he
has provided for the people of the towns
he is to visit a thoroughly sterling enter
tainment which has In every respect a
claim on liberal patronage.
Medals for Firemen.
The Intention to present the two Scan
nell medals and the Merchants' Associa
tion medal to firemen, for bravery, on
January 1 has been abandoned, as the
Mechanics' Pavilion could not be secured
for the occasion, and. besides, the Mer
chants' Association medal is not yet ready.
It has now been definitely decided to make
the presentations on February 22, Wash
ington's Birthday, and if the Mechanics'
Pavilion cannot be Secured for that day
some other hall will be utilized.
HAY WILL DISAPPROVE HAWAIIAN CABLE CONCESSION.
NEW YORK, Dec. 30. — The Herald's "Washington correspondent sends
the following: Secretary Hay has practically decided to disapprove
the Serymser concession granting exclusive rights to land cables
in Hawaii for twenty years to the Pacific Cable Company of New York.
Secretary Hay stated to his colleagues in the Cabinet meeting to-day
that the Hawaiian commissioners had sent him a formal letter declaring
that in their opinion the control of the Hawaiian cable should remain in
the hands of the United States, even if not built by it, as the commission
would recommend, and that no private company should have a monopoly
in the matter.
Practically the entire Cabinet coincided in this view and when the sub
ject was dropped it was with the understanding that Secretary Hay would
disapprove of the concession.
Two corporations are striving for permission to construct a cable be
tween San Francisco. Guam, Wake Island and the Philippines. One is the
Pacific Cable Company of New York, the other the Pacific Cable Comruny
of New Jersey. The first owns the Serymser concession.
Mr. Serymser, seeing that annexation was inevitable, went to Hawaii
last spring and procured from the Legislature a concession granting him
exclusive rights for twenty years, provided the Secretary of State of the
United States did not disapprove within six months from the date of the
concession. , These six months are up on January 2.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'■■■■■■■■■■ ■■■■■■■■■ ■ ■ ■
"My Back Hurts."
|2s3k ' . "I have pains in my kidneys, 1
• pTja am dizzy, shaky and uncertain of my
fflTwV . power to act. My stomach is out of
Js&f|^>v •-. order. lam a wreck of my former
/\\wF l\\ self." So wrote a man to me six
j\j \V/ *v. months ago. I advised him to use my
/^» , **i \J§\ ' Electric Belt, as he was broken down
A^SL'" iß^* rom the loss of man y energy. His
' V^ILH j/^y vitality was draining away. His pains
Y^!iP<**^%jP .came from weakness.
Flu My Belt Cured Him.
f Jf'\\v To-day he is well and strong. The
1 I \ V daily use of Electricity restored his
V I X '& energies and removed the cause of his
I j \\ 'r^gr pains. It will do the' same for you.'
/ I JbCvF 1 * Call and see it, or write for my "tree
■ < >4^JL-«**\^|$ r ' j bo about it. lean give you letters
*^^ " "^j ', from hundreds of happy men whom. I.
- ••••'■ have cured.
DR. A. T. SANDEN, '* — — — — ~ — — *
102 Market Street, Corner Ke»rny. Ban Franoisco. ■ • J^QJ IN DRUB STORES
Office hours, Sa.m.to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 .
to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 232 West Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt ! :
Second street: Portland, Or.. 253 Washington » ' is never sold in drue stcres
street; Denver, Colo., <.31 Sixteenth street: ncr by traveling agents; only
Dallas, Tex., 255 Main street; Butte; Mont. I at our office. /
110 North Main street. , . .- ¥ — . _ U-+
THIS RABBI
A DEFENDER
OF POLYGAMY
Schulman on the Case
of Roberts.
PRACTICES OF EARLY JEWS
NOTHING TO FOBBID PLURAL
MARRIAGES.
"Abraham, Isaac and Jacob Are in
Heaven," Says the Rabbi, "and
Did Jesus Say Anything
Against Polygamy^"
Special Dispatch .to The C*U.
KANSAS CTx i. Mo., Dec. 30.— 1n dis
cussing the election of B. H. Roberts
of Utah, confessed polygamist, to the
i National House of Representatives,
! Rabbi Schulman, pastor of the Church
i of B'Na! Jehudah, and pastor-elect of
the Temple Bethel, New York, practi
cally defended the institution of po-
I lygamy.
■Roberts cites the polygamy of the
' patriarchs in justification of the prac
i tice to-day," said an interviewer to the
I rabbi. "How does the Jewish church
', reply to that?"
"Isn't Abraham in heaven, and Isaac
and Jacob?" retorted the rabbi. "We
I don't need to answer that. The Chris
! tian preachers may take up the gaunt
■ let. What Congressman Roberts says
i about the early Jews does not worry
me. I have assurances that they are
all right, and my Bible is clear to me.
What will the Christians say In reply
'' to him is the question. Did Jesus say
i anything against polygamy? No, he
; did not. Let them explain on what pre
cepts of their testament they claim the
, practice unholy and unrighteous.
"Polygamy is very expensive. It
j could be indulged in by men who owned
■ vast herds and occupied extensive do
1 mains over which they ruled. As popu
i lation increased and wealth became
! divided and the system of government
changed it was naturally abandoned.
I People who could afford it do not care
i to return to such an expensive mode of
living and one that grew out of con
! ditions so utterly anachronistic. I do
1 not care to go into the discussion
; further here. Let the Christians talk
I a while first."
A BELLE LEADS
THE MERRY DANCE
Brilliant New Year Cotillon
of the Popular Friday
Fortnightly.
The happy, merry spirit of the holidays
lent Itself to the regular meeting of the
Friday Fortnightlys.and the dance of this
popular and fashionable blub last evening
was quite the mdst brilliant gatlfMng or
the season.
In honor of the holidays the hours of
the dance were prol >vk iv <l beyond mid
night, und Lunt's Hal! put on a dress of
holly and berries. Extra invitations were
also issued, and the hall was crowded to
its utmost capacity. Miss Sarah Collier
led, with Percy King for her partner,
and the first set was made up of belles
celebrated for their graco and beauty.
Miss Collier introduced several new fig
ures. Assisting: in the first set wen Miss
Florence Crittend»n. Miss Louise Wand
int.. Miss Mary Bell Gwin. Mi=s Frances
Curry, Miss Kate Salisbury. Miss Marga
ret Salisbury, Mi.ss Lillian Follis. Miss
Alma McClung, Miss Marguerite Collier,
Miss Merriam, Miss Frances Moore and
Miss Alice Mofßtt.
Mrs. Monroe Salisbury and Mrs. Gordon
Blanding. the patronesses of the club, re
ceived the many guests.ELECTRIC CURRENT
TO BE UTILIZED WITH
MIRACULOUS EFFECT
Claimed, to Be the Most Important
and Remarkable Discovery of
Modern Times,
Will Alleviate Pain, Destroy the Bacilli of
Disease and Tend to the Prolongation
of Human Life,
Call Office, Riggs House, Washington, Dec. 30.
ANEW discovery in electricity and electro therapeutics will
be announced as soon as certain papers have been filed
in the United States Patent Office. This discovery or
new application of electricity to the science of therapeutics will,
it is claimed, startle the world. It is nothing short of miracu
lous, and will prove to be the most important and beneficial
discovery of modern times, for it will alleviate pain, destroy the
bacilli of disease and tend to prolong human life.
These meager facts were obtained from a lawyer of national
reputation who is now in Washington arranging preliminaries
for filing an application for a patent. He positively refused to
explain the process by which the electricity is to be applied to
therapeutics, but promised to give a statement to the press
when all was ready.
"A layman." he said, "would find it difficult to understand;
indeed, it has puzzled electricians and medical scientists. One
explanation would not suffice. The subject will require a se
ries of technical papers, and even then what will result? Mys
tery as dense and as impenetrable as the theory of life itself.
But we will get practical results which will astound the world;
men will be ready to believe that the age of miracles has not
passed. Let me ask you a simple question any school boy
ought to answer: Is glass a conductor of electricity?"
"It is one of the best dielectrics or insulators known to
electricians." answered The Call correspondent.
"What would you say if I advanced the theory that glass
is a conductor of electricity? Would you call me a crazy man?
What would happen to you if you were to take hold of the
kicking ends of an electric arc light current?"
"1 would be boxed up and sent home to my friends," re
plied The Call correspondent.
"How many volts does it take to kill a man?" pursued
the attorney.
"It depends upon the subject," was the reply. "Say from
iooo to 2OOO."
"What would you say if I proposed that I couple you
into a circuit and turn on one million volts without hurting
you?"
"I would say to try a dog first," replied The Call repre
sentative, furtively observing his inquisitor and looking for an
easy mode of exit.
The attorney grew a little more communicative. "I can
buckle you into an electric current of one million volts and
you will not feel any physical sensation," said he. "Further
than that; 1 will guarantee to send you home feeling a hun
dred per cent better after your experience. If you are tired
and enervated I can fill your cells with fresh energy. If you
have any bacilli of disease in your system I can destroy them.
Would you believe me when I tell you that by several appli
cations of an electro-static current of tremendous potentiality I
can utterly destroy the bacilli of tuberculosis and heal the
lungs?"
"Have you succeeded in any such cases?"
"Yes, in a dozen cases. I tell you it is infallible. The
publication of this discovery will astound the medical world."
The attorney persistently refused to explain anything fur
ther about his client's invention. But from remarks carelessly
dropped it appears that the inventor proposes to take advan
tage of the fact that'glass is not an absolute resistant or non
uctor, but that a tremendous electrical current striking
against a glass case in which a human body is inclosed dif
fuses this tremendous current over the wide area of glass plates
and hence permeates all parts of the human body. :
The theory upon which electricity is employed in thera
peutics by this inventor is that repeated charges of static elec
tricity is not only certain death to various forms of bacilli with
out injury to the patient, but that each "cell" or "atom" or
"molecule" of the human body is a separate and distinct living
inism, or in other words, each is a tiny electric battery.
An ordinary current of electricity travels along certain
nerves which are the telegraph wires of the body and conveys
sensation to the brain. Electricity travels by the shortest route,
these currents, as ordinarily applied by ' physicians, are
ti circuited." In other words, the current does not perme
ate all parts of the system. But by employing a tremendous
electro static current and diffusing it over a wide area of glass
plate it can be made to permeate every cell of the body.
The attorney assured me that one charge of such a current
would vitalize the countless tiny electric batteries, and give new
energy to the body and brain. In other words, "make a tired
man feel as fresh as a daisy." And if he had any disease germs
in his system repeated charges would utterly annihilate them.
ALMAND IS KEPT IN
JAIL AT TULARE
Xetennined Effort Being Made to
-Hold Him Until Officers Arrive
From Georgia. MX»
•fIJLABE, Dec. 30.— S. F. Almand •is
under arrest here, believed to be an ab-
Econder to the amount of $40,000 or $50,000.
]i Is said that he was a merchant at
Cor.yers. Georgia. possessing the full .con
fidence of the community and endless
credit. Four weeks ago he suddenly dis
appeared when his defalcation became
known. He came here and secured a po
sition on the Paige ranch near town.
Some days ago a telegram was received
here for Almand, notifying him that offi
cers were on his track. Communication
wag opened with the Georgia > officials
With the rtsult that his arrest was or
dered. He Is In the County Jail at Visalla
a.nd to-day was taken before Judge Gray
who derided that he conld not be held on
telegrams from Georgia officials so was
released only to be rearrested. He is now
in the County Jail, but was taken before
a Justice to-day, who set the hearing for
Tuesday next. This will give the Georgia
officials time to reach here, one of whom
is expected on the morning train Al
man is a young man. 35 years of age. and
has a family in Georgia. From the great
number of telegrams received from the
Southern officers It would seem that Al
mand is badly wanted. P. J. S. Mont
gomery, superintendent of the Paige
ranch here, by whom Almand was em
ployed, knows the Almand family of
Georgia Intimately, and feels that, there
is a mistake somewhere. Officer Carlisle,
who is the Gity Marshal of Tulare. made
the arrest. He has been indefatigable in
holding the suspect and feels certain he
has the right man. A reward of $250 was
offered for his arrest.
Rain in Marin County.
SAX RAFAEL, Dec. 30.— Rain began to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1898.
fall over the greater part of Marin Coun
ty about 2 o'clock this afternoon, the pre
cipitation being heaviest along the coast
and in the vicinity of Point Reyes. Show
ers have fallen intermittently "since then,
but this evening the sky is cfearinß and a
stiff breeze from the ocean augurs clear
weather. The farmers and dairymen are
grateful for the downpour and their one
desire is that more follow at once.
JOSEPH ELLIOTT
DIES IN A CELL
The San Franciscan Is Supposed to
Have Been Crazed by the High
Altitude of. Denver.
DENVER, Dec. 30.— Joseph Elliott of
San Francisco was found dead in the City
Jail at 8 o'clock this morning. Death is
supposed to have been caused by conges
tion of the brain. Elliott had been in
jail since last Wednesday, when he was
locked up on a charge of insanity. A
railroad ticket from San Francisco and a
steamer passage ticKet identified him.
Some money was also found in his
pockets.
From appearances Elliott, while stand
ing with his back against the bars of the
ward, had fallen forward on his face and
then folded his arms about his head and
expired.. It Is thought that the high al
titude was the cause of his mental con
dition. Coroner Rollins will hold an au
topsy to ascertain the -exact cause of
death. John Elliott, a brother in San
Francisco, has been notified of the death,
but has not yet been heard from.
CHIEF STREET IN SAN LUiS D'APRA, ISLAND OF GUAM, OVER WHICH CAPTAIN KEMPFF,U. S. N., IS TO
ACT AS NAVAL GOVERNOR.
OFFICERS CERTAIN
THEY HAVE DUNHAM
Prisoner an Exact Image
of Him.
DETAILED COMPARISON MADE
MISSING TOOTH AN IMPORTANT
LINK.
Sheriff Lyndon, However, Doubts
That the Wholesale Murderer
Is in Custody in
lowa.
Kucelal Dispatch to The Call.
BURLINGTON, lowa, Dec. 30.— The
Hawkeye says that Ed Smith is rm
other than James C. Dunham, who
murdered six people near Sin Jose,
CaL, and for whom a reward of $11,000
is offered.
The prisoner was arrested here for
drunkenness a month ago and would
have been released to-day but for his
resemblance to- the description of Dun
ham, which had just been received. He
will be rearrested on the charge of
being a fugitive from justice, and will
be held pending instructions from San
Jose. He is said to be the exact ii
of the man wanted, and local officers
are positive he i.s Dunham.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 30.— There is very
little if any additional information at
this end of the line concerning the man
who is under arrest at Burlington,
lowa, on suspicion of being James C.
Dunham, the noted murderer, who has
been hunted so long and unsuccess
fully so far.
In speaking of the Burlington suspect
this morning Sheriff Lyndon says he
fears he is not the man, but as yet this
cannot be definitely determined. The
Burlington Sheriff is positive the sus
pect is really Dunham.- In his letters
the lowa officer says the man almost
perfectly fills the description of Dun
ham, and looks like the photo-graphs
which he has of the murderer.
In the description which the lowa of
ficer sent here he refers to a tooth miss-
Ing in the upper right row. A local den
tist has furnished the officers with
a statement that Dunham had one up
per tooth, nearly in front on the
left side, which was built up of gold,
though it did not show save by close
lilnation. While the dentist is posi
that it was on the left side, he has ,
ecord on his books. The Santa
i officers think the dentist might
listaken as to the location of the
I-, since, he speaks solely on memory
c work done. If it is a right upper
l, then the tooth missing in the
ect would go to form a strong link
ie chain. :
c lowa officer has sent specimens
c handwriting of the prisoner. This
at of an educated man. When cora
d with the known writing of Dun
ham, there may be some little simi
larity, but the best judges are inclined
to say that the writing- is that of differ
ent persons.
One of the strongest things mentioned
NATIVES H AVE
RETAKEN GUAM
Tfyey h\ave Also Massacred tf)e
Spanish Garrison at Ponapi,
Caroline Islands.
MANILA, Dec. 30.— The British schooner Esmeralda, which has
just arrived here from the Ladrone Islands, reports that after the
United States cruiser Charleston left the island of Guam, In June last,
the Spaniards refused to recognize the authority of Francis Portu
sach, who was verbally appointed by Captain Glass to continue his
former regime as Governor, and jose Sisto, a former public adminis
trator, was declared Governor. He armed part of the native guards,
collected a tax of $G a head and had secreted fifteen tons of powder
and a small stock of ammunition when the island was taken by the
Americans.
The schooner Albi reports the massacre of the Spanish garrison
by the combined native forces at Ponapi, Caroline Islands. Henry
Neoti, an educated chief, has been selected to be the ruler. He Is
said to be favorable to Americans.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30.— Secretary Long has Issued an order to
Captain Louis Kempff at Mare Island to proceed to Guam and take
possession of the island. It is understood that Captain Kempff will go
to Hawaii and to Guam on the Philadelphia or Bennlngton. Captain
Kempff is one of the highest ranking officers of the service, and has
been stationed on the Pacific Coast for a number of years. He is now
at Mare Island. He is familiar with the Ladrones, as he formerly
served with the Asiatic squadron.
Francis Portusach, whom the officers of the United States cruiser
Charleston left in charge of Guam, he being the only American
citizen there, is a native of Spain, where he was born about thirty
years ago. He took out his citizenship papers in Chicago during
the year 1888. He is said to be the son of a wealthy merchant of
Barcelona.
by the Eastern officers to establish '
identity is a scar over one eye, near the
brow. While it is not generally known.
and has not been mentioned in the cir- ;
culars sent out, it is said by the best of
authority that Dunham has a scar over j
one eye, which is not seen except at
dose scrutiny. When Dunham was a !
boy he was hit over th»> eye by a buck- i
shot lir<:d from a rubber "flipper." It J
came near causing the less of an eye. j
When he recovered a scar was left, and
it is still there, or was when he was last I
set'n. The lowa Sheriff says that the |
man has what looks like a scar or
pock-mark over the left eye.
Sheriff Lyndon says the man refused
to let his photograph he taken, so he |
was wired by Sheriff Smith. When the '
warrant was sent Wednesday for his j
arrest it is presumed the lowa officer
intended t<> use fi>rre to take the photo
graph, as such is inferred from his tele
grams and letter. If so, this should ar
rive Monday or Tuesday. Until then |
nothing definite is expected.
Hattie S. Brewer has asked for let- j
ters of administration on the estate of ;
J. K. Wells, deceased, and this devel
opa a remarkable state of facts. When
Dunham slew the McGHncy family
Wells was one of the victims. He in- j
herited his mother's estate. The next
heir was Dunham's infant, Wells' |
nephew. It was the only one that es- j
caped in the entire household. The
child was adopted by M. T. Brewer, a !
great-uncle, and is now thirty months j
old. Its name is Percy Osborn Brewer.
Brewer was the administrator of the j
estate. He recently died, and now Mrs.
Brewer asks f<T letters. The estate Is
worth about $30,000, and consists of an
ideal orchard home at Campbell. Mrs.
Brewer lives in San Francisco.
LATEST NEWS FROM
SOUTH SEA ISLANDS
German and British Warships Land
Bluejackets to Make a Demon
stration in Samoa.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Dec. 30.— The j
I Royal Mail Steamship Warriraoo arrived !
j this morning from Sydney, N. S. \Y., .
Wellington, N. '/.., Suva, Jbiji, and Hono
lulu.
The British gunboat Goldfinch, which
rec< ntly returned to Sydney, took part in
annexing Duff Islands, Cherry Islands
and other places.
News from Samoa states that German
and British warships have landed parties
of bluejackets with the expectation of
making a demonstration in consequence j
of a large number of natives congregating !
at Mulinuu. They marched through the
main streets and back again to the place
of embarkation. No news about the elec- i
tion of a King was received.
It is the intention of the French Guv- '
ernment to make Noumea the naval
headquarters of the French ships in the
Pacific, and a large dock and workshops !
are to be established there. Mr. Hart- ;
ford, formerly Krltish Consul at Noumea, i
has been transferred to Manila in a simi
lar.capacity.
Captain Mclntyre of the bark Strath
gryfe reports that while sailing close to !
the island of Tristan da Cnnha he was
hailed by a boat, which put off from the j
island. The boat contained Captain !
Shaw of the missinir ship Glenhuntly. four ■
half-caste tslanaers and another white
man who had been shipwrecked on the i
island five years ago.
H. M. S. Penguin has been surveying in
the neighborhood of Haapi. The princi
pal change will be the disappearance al- :
together of Metis Island from the chart '
This island in ISSO was ISO feet high, and
there was now no sign of it beyond a reef
which was bereath it.
Extradition Treaty Approved.
BVENOS AYRES. Dec. 30.— The Cham
ber of Deputies has approved the extra
dition treaty with the United States.
Andrew Carnegie tells how !
he rose from a bobbin-boy to a \
millionaire, in next Sunday's j
Call 1
CUBANS WILL
BE ALLOWED A
CELEBRATION
A Compromise Ar
ranged With Them.
TRANSFER OF SOVEREIGNTY
EXTREME SIMPLICITY WILL
MARK THE PLAN.
Promptly at Noon on Sunday Will
Witness the Lowering of the
Spanish Flag in
Cuba.
HAVANA, Dec. 30.— A compromise
was to-day arranged by General
Brooke which satisfied the Cubans and
will result in all classes celebrating the
evacuation on Sunday. The Cubans
were still feeling greatly hurt this
morning over a refusal of the Ameri-
Generals Brooke and Menocal had a
conference in the Inglaterra Hotel, at
which it was agreed that full sway
should be given the Cubans for a
grand insurgent celebration to be held
in Havana on February 24, the fourth
anniversary of the uprising in Santi
ago province.
General Brooke told General Menocal
that the Insurgents might march and
feast to their heart's content at that
time.
When this became known good feel
ing revived and plans were immediate
ly begun for^ week's celebration. It
has already been decided that the for
mal disbandment of the insurgents'
force shall take place on February 24.
Active preparations for the relin
quishment of Spanish sovereignty are
being made, and by Saturday nierht it
will only require the lowering of the
flag to complete the agreement by
which the standard planted here by
Columbus is withdrawn forever from
America.
In the Governor General's palace at
Morro Castle, in all the barracks, at
the custom house, postofflce. offices of
the city government, everywhere, in
fact, the officials are closing up their
accounts, and by to-morrow night
every office will be cleared and the
clerks and officials will report Sunday
only to await the transfer of llaes and
to receive orders from the Americans
who are to supplant the Spaniards.
Shippers have been notified to celar
all goods away from the piers and
docks within twenty-four hours, or
suffer confiscation at the custom house,
and at the banks notices have been
posted that on and after Sunday Am
erican currency will be the standard
and all foreign. money will be accepted
only at exchange value.
The plans for the actual transfer of
sovereignty are simple. There will be
no exchange of documents between tho
two commissions and no speech-mak
ing will be indulged in. The Spanish
and American officials will gather at
noon in every barrack in the city not
already transferred, and promptly at
/J^r WllOO CuJfe^ f \
tip Jr / / /
Regular Price $15.00
Save You 7.05
Price Here $7.95
That's the kind of an offer we make you. We have 2000 s All- Wool
Men's Suits. Recollect, the regular price anywhere is $I^.oo. f They
are worth $15.00; can't be bought elsewhere under $ic;.oo. bee
them in our windows, and step in and examine them, and you will be
convinced that they are worth $ I^.oo. But we have cut them to $7.95.
They are made in our own factory, under our own supervision, and guaran-
teed to be of first-class workmanship and trimmings.
The most stylish patterns in fine Cheviots, Serges, Tweeds, Diagonals and
Worsteds, elegantly lined and finished.
If Dissatisfied With Your Purchase Return the Suit and Receivo
$8.00
Fop Youp Tpouble.
$7.9S===OVERCOATS — $7.95
We place, on sale also 1000 fine $15.00 Overcoats in Blue Kersey, Oxford
Mixtures and Tan Coverts at $7.95. You can return this also, if not perfectly
satisfied, and. we will give you $8.00. • .
s.n: wood & co:;
718 Market Street.
Special rtfspatch to The Call.
can commander to allow them to par
ticipate in the ceremonies.
the stroke of 12, representatives of the
American navy will salute the Spanish
flag with twenty-one guns. The stars
and stripes will then take the place of
the crimson and gold and a salute will
be fired by the representatives of the
Spanish navy. The two commissions
of evacuation will adjourn and the deed
will be done.
The real transfer of sovereignty will
take place at the Governor General's
palace, where a member of General
Brooke's staff will raise the American
flag. Lieutenant Wade, a son of Mainr
General Wade, will raise the flap over
Morro. After the transfer has been
completed, General Lee will enter Ha
vana at the head of the Seventh Arm' 1
Corps, which will march in review oast
the Inglaterra Hotel.
STRANGE SUSPICIONS
ARE ENTERTAINED
NEW YORK, Dec. 30.— A Washineton
special to the Herald says: There is
a feeling of unrest and anxiety among
the Representatives in Congress grow
ing out of the complicated condition of
affairs in Havana. There is a strone:
feeling prevailing in Cuba and else
where, according to Representative
Bankhead, -that the United States au
thorities are indirectly trying to pro
voke the insurgents to commit some
act of hostility which will .lustifv the
United States in assuming absolute
jurisdiction in Cu"ba. This feelinsr has
increased to a remarkable desree dur
ing the last few weeks, and Mr. Bank
head says he would not be surprised to
hear of a conflict between the United
States forces and the Cubans.
COLONIAL SECRETARY
MAY BE CREATED
The Matter Beported to Have Been
Discussed at a Session of
the Cabinet.
NEW YORK, Dec. 30.— A World's Wash
ington special says: President McKlnley
and his Cabinet to-day discussed the ad
visability of recommending that Congress
create an office equivalent to that of Co
lonial Secretary.
The temporary plan considered to-day
Is to send to Cuba a civilian to be at the
head of a bureau fcr the collection of
taxes, customs revenues, etc.. with duties
similar to those of our Secretary of the
Treasury, a sort of Postmaster General,
etc. All these are to be put under the
control of the Military Governor, General
Brooke, and occupy toward him the same
position the members of the Cabinet do to
the President. The President can appoint
such officials through General Brooke.
CAPTURE OF TULCAN
IS OFFICIALLY DENIED
Humor That Troops Sent Against
Ecuadorea:i Rebels Have
Joined the Latter.
LIMA, Peru (yin Galveston. Tex.), Deo.
30.— President Alfaro of Ecuador author
izes an absolute denial of the reports of
the capture of T-ulcan. the capital of
Carchi province, and the siege of Quito,
the Ecuadorian capital, by invading rev
olutionary forces under General Rivon
deira.
Acording to ad^rices from La Paz., the
capital of Bolivia,, it is rumored that the
advance guard n[ the troops under Presi
dent Alonza, ser.t against the revolution
ists, has made common cause with him.
WANTJ2D IN WYOMING.
Ben Hanson, Arrested as a Vagrant,
Now Charged With Murder.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Dec. 30.— A telegram
•was received to-day from Sheriff Hazon
of Lander, Wyo., directing the City Mar
shal to hold Ben Hanson, wanted thero
for murder. Hanson was arrested hero
ten days ago for boing a hobo and."nn!il
not give a satisfactory account of him
self. A telegT.im camp from Wyoming
this morning asking for a description of
him. A later telegram paid he was the
man wanted. Particulars of the crime
are not known.
34
IMPORTANT CLEW
TO THE CORNISH
POISONER FOUND
Consists of a Tooth
pick Holder.
IT WAS SOLD IN THIS CITY
NAME OF THE PURCHASER NOT
KNOWN AT PRESENT.
Letter From a Druggist T/uat May
Throw New Light- on
the New York
Tragedy.
.it h to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec 30 There is hope
that borders on certainty that the sil
ver-plated trinket received by Harry
Cornish through the mails may prove
a conclusive clew to the person respon
sible for the death of Mrs. Kate I.
Adams and the poisoning of Cornish.
It was not a bottle-holder, as it has
been represented to be, but a toothpiek
holder, or ash-receiver. A private
mark is stamped in the silver of this
little article, "No. 814, toothpick-holder
or match stand." It was made in New
ark. N. J., by Fi'ank A. Lebkeuchner
& Co., manufacturing silversjniths.
Mi. Lebkeuchner said that ' his New
York customers included the leading
silversmiths of the city. It was the
practice of all bu< h firms to keep track
of their wares, and "No. 814" should
be traced direct to the purchaser. .'
"A silver maU'h- holder or toothpick
holder such as No. S>l4 is rarely, if
ever, purchase <l f< 1 a. woman or by
one, unless it is intended as a present
for a gentleman. The little tray sur
rounding the cup shows in itself what it
is to be used for — cigar ashes, burned
matches or broken tooUipicks.
"There is no size of bromo-seltser
bottle made that fits that article we
made, ' said Mr. Lebkeuchner. "I tried
it myself to-day. All are either too
large* or too small. A bottle in a bot
tle-holder tits perfectly. The bromo
eeltser bottle must have rattled around
in No. 814 and showed plainly that it
did not belong there."
Captain MeCluskey of the detective
bureau said to-day that he had ascer
tained the store at which the tooth
pick-holder was bought, but he refused
to say what establishment it is. fur
ther than that it is in New York. Cap
tain McCluskey regards the clew as
the most important one that has been
developed thus tar.
This afternoon Mr. Lebke-uchner said
that only fifteen of the silver match
t=afes if the design sent to Cornish had
been made by his firm. Of these one
each had been Bold in the following
cities: New York, Brooklyn, Salem.
Mass.; Newark, N. J.; Baltimore. Syra
cuse, San Francisco and St. Louis.
Two were sold in Middletown. Coon.,
and five were disposed of ' to firms in
Ctiicago.
The names of the firms purchasing
them Mr. LeW:euchner withheld at th
request of the police.
District Attorney Mclntyre has re
ceived a letter to which he attaches a
certain amount of importance. It sug
gests that the poison that killed Mrs.
Adams may have developed from a
bromo-seltzer in the process of de
composition.
"This letter may shed light on this
mysterious affair," said he. "It may
prove that Mrs. Adams' death was an
unfortunate accident, and that there is
no crime back of it."
The letter in question was sent to Mr.
Mclntyre by 8. J. Russell, a druggist of
Jersey City. While reading the ac
count of the Adams poisoning case In
the papers, Mr. Russell's attention was
arrested by the statement that the
glass bottle containing the .. supposed
bromo-seltzer bore a label of a drug
company in Baltimore, Md. This re
called to his mind an invoice of bromo
seltzer which he had received from that
company, but which he had sent back
ns unfit for sale.
He then received from the company
a letter Baying the company had tried
granulating bromo-seltzer, but found |
that it did not keep well In that form j
and decided to abandon It.
The question raised by this letter is
whether the decomposition of the gran- '
ulated bromo-seltzer that was manu- i
factured by the Baltimore company is
likely to produce a poisonous sub
stance, and if so whether that sub
stance is the same poison which killed
Mrs. Adams.
NEW, YORK, Dec. 31.— The TV6rld
to produce a poisonous BUb
e, and if so whether that sub
the same poison which killed
Adams.
w YORK, Dec, si.— The "World
says: Captain Ueorge McClusky,
chief . of ' the detective bureau, firmly
believes that he has solved the mystery
surrounding the attempt to kill Harry
Cornish, physical instructor of the
Knickerbocker Athletic Club, by send
ing him poison through the mails.
At 9 o'clock last; night Captain Mc-
Clusky stated that he would have the I
culprit. in custody within 12 hours. The
unie of the suspected murderer, is.
withheld from publication, lest its an
nouncement should defeat the ends of
Isky stated that he would have the
rit in cUßtody within 12 hours. The
: c of the Buspeeted murderer is
hheld from pub icati<<--!. lest its an
• n't shou.d defeat the ends of
Justice.*
The man under surveillance was for
merly a member of the Knickerbocker
Athletic Club. He was at one time a
man of high social and financial stand
ing in this city, but in late years,
through evil habits and tjvll associa
tions. hi 6 descent was rapid.: - .
unpopular in the athletic
itterly developed into a per
son with whom the members of the
< lub thought that they could not a*
.:<■. Things finally reached such a
that a Bpeetal meeting of the club
was called to act upon his case and he
isly < spelled.
It is well known that he from the
first associated Mr. Cornish with the
lation .if facts which led to this
action.
All who know the person in question
find but one word with' which to char
acterise him. He is spoken of by them
as one of the worst types of hopeless
and malicious d
It is said that he took the action of
the club in expelling him with bitter
■tinent. It is also said that he had
concentrated this feeling upon certain
members of the club la particular and
conspicuous among them was Mr Cor-
With these general facts to guide
them, the police s» t out to nnd evj
■ tint would connect this Derson
with the deadly parcel which was de
livered to Mr. Cornlftfe by the postman
at the Knickerbocker Athletic dub on
Saturday.
The first definite clew was the trac
ing of the little silver toothpick holder
which came with the pare*-! of poison
from the manufacturer to a ■
lealer the police \
nnd from him obtained a minute and
detailed description of the man who
purchased the silver article in ques-
This description tallied with almost i
igraphic exactness with the ap- !
ince, clothing and general manner- I
Isms of the man under suspicion by
Captain McCKtskey and his detectives. >
The chain of evidence is now said to
be almost complete and the arrest may
be made at any moment.
Mr. Adams, of Phelps & Adams, this
city, made the. following statement yes
terday regarding the toothpick-holder
received by Cornish: "Looking up ray
records, I found that we hare had in
Mock an article exactly answering the
description of the one sent to Mr. Cor
nish. It is on our records as a bottle
holder, and we have a bill of sale show
ing that it was sold to Bhreve & Co.,
on December 1, IS9T. I do not think
that our purchasers will be able to
trace it. as it was a small article, and
it Is improbable that they ever regis
tered it."
Mr. Bhreve, in an interview, stated
that it would be Impossible for him to
locate the purchaser of the article men
tioned. "I am not positive," he said,
"that it ever was in our store. If It
was, there sir-; two dozen men. any of
whom might have sold it. and it is un
reasonable to suppose that they would
recollect the sale. It was a small ar
ticle, one of the kind which we class an
'silver novelties,' and of which we
never talte any particular note. Ad
mitting that Mr. Adams' statement la
correct, we have hau two holiday
rushes since the artic'.e was purchased
and If any man should claim that he
sold it. I would attribute his statement
to an over-vivid imagination."
LIQUOR AND TOBACCO
AS COSILY AS BREAD
Grand Jury of Santa Clara County
Scores the Management of the
Almshouse.
| • SAN JOSE, -Dec. 30.— Grand Jury,
! which was organized November 30, with
L. A. Sage chairman, reported to Judge
Lorigan this morning and was discharged.
I; makes the startling statement that thfl
amount of money expended for liquors
and tobacco at the Almshouse almost
equals that paid for bread. Acts of Board
of Supervisors 'are also crttlciiaed. " .
Referring to the Almshouse, the report
says: "Bills for tobacco and liquors al
most equal amount paid for bread, and we
fail to see th.> necessity for so much liquor
being us. d in a pla-ce of this kind. The
cost of maintaining inmates of the institu
tion is $9 14 per capita, and owing to the
great amount of produce raised the insti
tution should be conducted for ' less'
money."
The Board of Supervisors have allowed
some Irregular bills, and the Grand Jury
deals with the matter in this fashion:
"It has come to the knowledge of the
jury that claims for labor performed
have, by practices bordering on perjury
and subornation of perjury; "been paid
from funds of the county other than that,
to which they rightfully belong. We can
not condemn too severely this .reprehensi
ble, practice. It is misleading as to the
true purpose' for which county moneys
are expended and could be used to divert
the funds of the county to •illegitimate
purposes. We therefore recommend that
the Board of Supervisors adopt such rules
■ and regulations governing the expendit
ure, of public money; as will prevent for
J all times the unauthorized use by these
methods of the different funds of the
I county."
CHINA ACCEDES TO
THE FRENCH DEMANDS
'To Permit Extension at Shanghai,
Notwithstanding the Protest
of Great Britain.
LONDON, Dec. 31.— The Shanghai cor
respondent of the Times says: It is offi
cially asserted here that, in spite of the
j protests of Claude BCacdonald, the
! British Minister to Peking. China acceded
■ to the demands for an extension of the
| exclusive French settlement in Shanghai.
This result is due to pressure exercised
i at Peking, anil is likely to hamper the
negotiations for the extension of the cos
' mopolitfcfl settlement, in regard to which
j the Viceroy for .Nankin is disposed to
meet the views of the British, American
and German Consuls.
The Viceroy Is greatly chagrined at the
failure of Great Britain to support his
determined policy In the valley of the
i Yang-tse-Kiang at an important crisis.
• Satisfactory conclusions ar>- not likely
to result from Hritish negotiations any
where in China so long as the personnel
of the Tsung H Yamen remains, as now,
■ actively hostile to Hritish interests.
WRECK OF THE BRITISH
STEAMER GLENAVON
Two Boats Filled With Members
of Her Crew Are
Missing.
HONKONG, Dec. 30. — Thf British
steamer Gtenavon, Captain Pithle. which
sailed for London from here yesterday
evening, has l>ein wrecked on a rock.
r lhe Glenavon after striking the rock
headed for Hongkong, but sank rapidly.
Two of her boats arrived here ami two
are missing. Two steamers have been
Benl In search of them.
It now develops that four passengers,
the captain and thirty-three of the crew
were Bayed.
The Glenavon had a crew of fifty-four
m< n all told. She hailed from Glasgow.
and was of 191J tons register. Sh- left
London on October 2 for Kobe, Japan,
and palled from Shanghai for Hongkong
on December 4.
BOOT A CLEVER BOXER.
CHICAGO, Dec. 30.— John Root of Chi
i cago gained a decision over Australian
Jimmy Ryan to-night in a six-round go
:in the Seventh Regiment Armory. Root
showed great cleverness in ducking and
getting inside of Ryan's various ■wings,
and came out of the contest practically
j unmarked. Ryan, on the other hand, had
his right eye cut and nearly closed. Root's
I left hand connecting nearly every time
he used It. Root forced the fighting
throughout. Both men weighed in at 158
| pounds.
For Quartermaster Rigger.
ST'lSl'N. Dec. 3o.—Tin- examination of
aspirants for the position of quartermas- ,
ter rigger, in charge of the equipment de- j
partment at Marc Island, began y< -
•lay with the following applicants: Wil
liam Smith. San Francisco; William J. ,
Hajrg^rty. William Green and James Bed
' : '.. Yallejo.
Denial of a Dreyfus Story.
PARIS. Dec. 30.—The Ministry of (he
Colonies deny the report that Dreyfus has
embarked from Cayenne on hi? return to
France, adding that the Court of Cassa
tion alone can decide the question of the
return of the prisoner.
THE NIPPON MARU LOADING FOR SAN FRANCISCO.
TACOMA, Wash., Dec. 30. — The steamship Victoria brings news that a
notable event In Yokohama four weeks ago was a reception given
aboard the Toyo Kisen Kaisha's new steamship Nippon Maru, which
is now loading for her maiden voyage to San Francisco. The elite of Tokio
and Yokohama officials and the business world were present as the com
pany's guests. The Japanese papers describe the Nippon as having finer
and more modern appointments than the Canadian Empresses. She re
sembles the Empresses in being white above and pink below her waterlino.
Her two funnels are yellow. Her trial trip speed of JT l^ knots marks her
as the fastest regular liner that crosses the Pacific. The furnishings of
her saloons, cabins and drawing-rooms are described as superb. Her pas
senger accommodations are: first-class. 92; second-class, 40; steerage, 600. A
feature of the reception was a speech by Mr. Tsukahara. vice president
of the line. He stated that the three 6teamship lines, one Japanese, one
American and one English, will each have three steamers in the Asiatic-
San Francisco trade and hoped that these three flags united in a com
bined service across the Pacific would symbolize the uniting of the same
flags in an international agreement and commercial supremacy.
BIGGEST GOLD STRIKE YET MADE IN NORTHERN MEXICO.
EL PASO, Tex., Doc. 30.— Considerable excitement was caused in min
ing and melting olrdea here to-day by the arrival of authentic in
formation of one of the biereest gold strikes yet made in Northern
Mexico. E. I". l?eau champ, who arrived to-day from Baeerac. Sonora. by
way of Casas Qrandes, Chihuahua, reports the discovery of an immense
fissure vein of free milling gold ore twenty mile? south of Bacerac. The
ore is reported to contain etghteen ounces of gold to the ton and the vein
hap been traced for several miles. American prospectors in Casas Grandes
and the surrounding district are arriving on the scene in large numbers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1898.
DEPRECATES
POLICY OF
EXPANSION
Bryan's Views Given
at a Banquet.
SELF-RESTRAINT NECESSARY
IMPERIALISM INSPIRED BY
CUPIDITY.
One of the Speakers Denounces the
Protective Tariff as a Mere
Promoter of
Trusts.
Si>ecial Dispatch to The Call.
LINCOLN, Nepr., Dec. 30.— A compli
mentary reception and banquet to Col
on <-l William J. Bryan was tendered to
night by the Nebraska Traveling Men's
Club at the Lincoln Hotel. Invita
tions were sent to 250 admirers of Mr.
Bryan, which, with few exceptions,
were accepted. The only notable ab
sentee was Congressman Bailey of
Tt.\as, who was to have responded to
the toast "Democracy/ but who tele
graphed from Washington his inability
to be present. The dining hall was
thrown open at 9 o'clock and the
speechmaking began one hour later.
Mr. Bryan responded to the sentiment:
"America's Mission. Let not the Crime
of the East e'er Crimson Thy Name; be
Freedom and Science and Virtue Thy
Fame."
After complimenting the members of |
the club, for their fidelity to the Chi- j
casro platform, Mr. Bryan proceeded to
discuss the Philippine question.
lie insisted that, a colonial policy was
wrong in principle and unwise, and he
predicted that it would prove unprofit
able in practice. He said in part:,,
'You have labored diligently tft pre
vent foreign financiers froni disregard- j
ing the rights of the American ueoule. !
now you are called upon to use your
Innuence to prevent the American ueo- i
pie from disregarding the rights of I
others.' Self-restraint is a difficult vir- j
tue to practice. . Soiomon says that he
that' rules his own spirit is greater than
he that taketh a city. The American
people have- .shown that th^y can take |
a. city; will they be able to restrain I
the spirit of conquest?
"It has been the boast of our nation '
that right makes might. Shall we aban- ;
don the motto Of the republic and go
back a century to the monarchial motto j
which asserts that might makes right.
"Be not carried away by the excite
ment Incident to war; it will soon sub
side. Our people will turn again to the
paths ol peace; justice will resume her!
reign. Be steadfast In the faith of the ;
fathers. Four light is for yourselves as
well as your country. In the words of
the 'distinguished Georgian, Hill, -Who
saves his country saves himself, ami all
things saved, do bK-ss him, who lets
his country die lets all things die, dies ■
himself ignobly — and all thine* dying
curse him.'
"Imperialism finds the inspiration in
dollars, not in duty. It is not our duty
to burden our people with increased '
taxes in order to give a few specula- '
tors an opportunity for exploitation; it
is not our duty to sacrifice the best I
ir nation in tropical jungles \
in an atempt to stifle the very senti- [
ments which have given vitality to j
American institutions; it is not our
duty to deny the people of the Philip
pines the rights for which our forefath
. ra fought, from Bunker Hill to York
town.
"Our nation has a mission, but it 13
to liberate those who are in bondage —
not t" place shackles upon those who
are Struggling to be free.
"We rejoioce in the marvelous vic
tory won by Dewey In Manila Bay; we :
would give to him a sacred place in j
history and crown his memory with :
ingß. To us he is a hero; to the 1
Filipinos he can be a savior.
"Let him be known to posterity not!
as the subjugator of an alien race, but i
as the redeemer of an oppressed people !
not as Lord dive, but as a Lafayette, j
The gratitude of a people is better than j
a Jeweled sword."
The second most notable address was
that of Hon. J. G. Johnson. Democratic
national committeeman from Kansas,
who spoke to the sentiment "No
Trusts." He took the position that the
trust system of the country is the direct
outgrowth of the protective tariff sys
tem, without which to prevent foreign
competition there could be no success
ful cornering of any of the ordinary
manufactured products of the country.
He claimed that there was no present ]
financial activity except in trust-pro
tected industries, and insisted that the
system has all of the worst elements of
state socialism, without any of its ad
vantages to the public.
He dosed by exhorting his hearers
"to assist in the overthrow of the Re
publican party and thereby eliminate
both the protective tariff and the
trusts."
He thoueht there was no heaven-sent
call to carry freedom 7000 miles across
the sea when there is such a crying
need for financial, commercial and In
dustrial emancipation at home.
The other speakers were Governor
Holcomb. Governor-elect W. A. Poyn
ter, James Har.ahan. G. M. Hitchcock,
editor of the Omaha World-Herald;
Deputy Attorney General W. D. Old
ham and General G. B. Weaver of
lowa.
CHOKER'S ACTION
CAUSES SURPRISE
Backing Sulzer for the
Leadership.
TAMMANY INFLUENCE NO
OTHERWISE MR. SULZER WOULD
NOT BE TAKEN SERIOUSLY.
With All the Talk, However, There
Is Little Danger of Ousting Bailey
From Minority Leadership
in the House.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 30.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: Mr. Croker's action in putting
Representative Sulzer forward as a
candidate for the Democratic leader
ship in the House of Representatives
took the Democratic Representatives
here by surprise.
The general tendency in the House
has been to regard Mr. Siilzer as some
thing of a Joke— not so much so, per
haps, as James Hamilton Lewis, but
still a joke. But Mr. Sulzer, supported
by the powerful influence of Tammany
for party leader, is another matter and
must be taken seriously, for few Demo
crats believe that Mr. Croker has
turned humorist and put Mr. Sulzer up
as an aspirant for the leadership to
amuse himself and the House. Some
Democrats are inclined to take the mat
ter seriously enough, and indignantly
resent the idea of Tammany trying to
control the Democratic membership of i
the House of Representatives.
Strange as it may seem, Mr. Bailey,
the man whom Mr. Sulzer aspires to I
succeed, talks more favorably of his
candidacy than any other Democratic
Representative 1 have seen. When I
asked Mr. Bailey to-day what he
thought of Croker's candidate for the
party leadership in the House he said:
"Of course, .1 would naturally be
averse to discussing the candidacy of
any one of my opponents, but 1 do not
hesitate to say that Mr. Sulzer is a
man of ability and a loyal Democrat
and if New York intends to put for
ward a candidate Mr. Sulzer is en
titled to the support of Democrats
from that State, for he is certainly the
equal of any man in the delegation." ■
Mr. Bailey would not discuss the rela
tive strength of the various candidates
for leadership or the part' the New
York delegation with eighteen Demo
cratic members will play in determin
ing the choice of the caucus, but some of
his friends talk more freely. One of
them told me to-day that Mr. Bailey )
was assured of more than one hundred j
votes in the caucus. They say he can
be nominated for Speaker without a
single vote from New York, and that
if Mr. Sulzer is a candidate and re- j
ceives the entire eighteen votes of New \
Yiuk it will not hurt Mr. Bailey. • i
.Mr. Bailey's supporters say that with- :
out the BUpport of the New York dele- i
gation no other candidate can hope .to ;
make much of a showing in the caucus,
and one of them went so far as to say
to me that Mr. Bankhead would not
be a candidate at rill if he could nut
get the support of the New York men,
and that Mr. Richardson would proba
bly withdraw from the race.
SAN RAFAEL'S BOY
BURGLAR IS TRAPPED
Captured in the Act of Robbing a
Safe, He Confesses Several
Daring Thefts.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 30 -Edward Mas
trup, the son of a car-builder In the em
ploy of the California Northwestern Rail
way Company, was caught in the very act
of "cracking" the safe of the firm of Knit
tel & Williams to-day, and afterward con
fessed that he was responsible for simi
lar breaches of the law.
Knlttel & Williams are well-known fur
niture dealers, and for over two years
Mastrup, who is only 20 years of a~e,
was in their employ as an upholsterer.
A few weeks ago he was "laid oft" on
account of a decrease in the volume of
business during the winter months.
Three times last week the safe of ihe
firm was opened and money taken out.
Suspicion fell upon young Mastrup, be
cause it was known that he had been
around the store a short time previous.
to each theft. He was also familiar with
the combination of the safe.
Deputy Constable Trainor was sum
moned to-day by Mr. Williams, and a
scheme laid to catch the thief. Trainor
hid behind a stairway and Williams stood
upon the sidewalk until Mastrup hap
pened by and dropped into conversation.
Telling Mastrup that he was going to a
lumber yard near by and requesting him
to watch the store during his absence,
Williams started away. As soon as he had
turned a corner Mastrup darted to the
safe, opened it, and grabbing a handful
of money wandered back to the front of
the store. Trainor, who had watched the
boy and saw the theft, then emerged from
his hiding-place and approached him.
j When Mastrup saw the officer he started
! to run, but a stern command to halt, ac-
I eompanied by the flash of a revolver,
; quickly stopped him. Realizing his pre
! dicament, he burst into tears.
A Bearcfa showed that Mastrup had se
cured $5 in gold and $4 05 in silver. The
; firm lost about $100 by the four thefts.
The gold coin was marked, making the
evidence of the burglary conclusive. Mas
trup was taken before' Justice Gardner
j and a charge of larceny, which will be
I changed to burglary, preferred against
i him. He was then lodged in the County
Jail. He sobblngly admitted to the au
! thnrities that he was the one who had
| committed the previous burglaries, and
might have known that he would in time
be caught His parents are nearly heart
i broken over the arrest.
MANY NOTED MEN
MOURN ROMERO'S LOSS
Diplomats at Washington and Pres-
ident and Cabinet Will Attend
the Funeral.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 30.— The funeral of
Embassador Romero will take place at St.
Matthew's Catholic Church Sunday af
ternoon at 1 o'clock, when a requiem low
mass will be celebrated. The body will be
placed temporarily in a vault In Mount
Olive Cemetery to await the ability of
Mr?. Romero to return to Mexico. She
Is now ill and probably will not be able
to make the journey for some weeks.
The following have been selected honor
ary pallbearers: The British Embasaador,
the German Embassador, the Secretary of
State, the Secretary of the Treasury, the
Minister of Venezuela, the Minister of
Guatemala. Senator John T. Morgan, Rep
resentative R. R. Hitt. ex-Secretary John
■\Y. Foster and John \V. Thompson.
At the Cabinet meeting to-day it was
apreed that the President and all the
members of his Cabinet should attend the
funerai services Sunday afternoon.
L. B. Merritt Seriously 111.
WOODLAND. Dec. 30.— Uin B. Merrltt.
one of the most prominent and wealthy
young farmers of Yolo County, is in a
Sacramento hospital and not expected to
live. He was operated on for appendicitis
last Monday.
True story of the Philippine Is
lands, by Sox N. Sheridan, special cor
respondent, in next Sunday's Call.
CATHOLICS HAVE
STRONG OBJECTION
Oppose Protestant Mar
riage of Miss Fair.
FATHER PRENDERGAST ACTS
JOKE
BUT FAILS TO GET DESIRED PER
MISSION FROM ROME.
Now the Fiancee Must Endeavor to
Induce Young Vanderbilt
to Embrace Her
Religion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Deo. Jso.— The Morning
Telegraph says: The marriage of Wil
liam K. Vanderbilt Jr. and Miss Vir
ginia Fair has become the subject of
negotiations with the fathers of the
Catholic church at Rome.
From information received by friends
and relatives of the families in this
city it is evident that unexpected op
position has been encountered in the
original plan of having the wedding
ceremony take place in a Protestant
church in accordance -with the wishes
of the bridegroom and his family.-
Miss Fair is a Roman Catholic.
Young Vanderbllt is a Protestant. It
Is understood that Miss Fair has en
listed the services of her spiritual ad
viser in San Francisco Father John J.
Prendergast, vicar general of the arch
diocese, in order to secure the neces
sary dispensation from Rome for her.
Dispatches received here yesterday
are to the effect that as a result of
Father Prendergast's appeal the mat
ter was immediately laid before Car
dinal Parocchi, secretary of the Holy
Office. That functionary states that It
is impossible for a Roman Catholic
church to recognize marriage unless
the ceremony- is performed in a Roman
Catholic church by a local parish priest
or by a priest delegated by him, and in
the presence of witnesses.
Instructions have been .forwarded to
Father Prendergast requesting him to
use all his endeavors with his spiritual
child. Miss Fair, that she may seek be
fore her marriage to induce her l'uture
husband to join the Roman Catholic
church. ,
AT THE HEAD OF THE LIST.
Washington Built More Ships Last
Year Than Any Other State.
PORT TOWNSEND, AVash., Dec. 30.—
According to the report of the United
States Commissioner of Navigation for
the fiscal year ending June 30, received
to-day by Collector of Customs Eustis, the
State of" Washington stands at the head
in the shipbuilding industry. During tha
year twenty-eight sailing vessels, repre
aenting 3606 tons; flfty-seven steam ves
f.i.ls, with a tonnago of 18,564; sixty-two
barges of C 704 tons, making a total of 147
vessels and 28,774 tons, were built. in the
State of Washington. Next oh the list
la Michigan, which during The same pe
riod built thirty-one vessels, with a total
tonnage of 22,077. ' • • "
REINFORCEMENTS FOR DEWEY.
Ninety Seamen Bound for Manila by
Way of This City.
NEW YORK, Dec. 30,— Ninety men were
taken from the receiving ship Vermont
at the navy-yard by steamer to Norfolk,
Va., from which place they will go over
land to San Francisco, where they will
embark for Manila as reinforcements for
Admiral Dewey.
TRIAL TRIP POSTPONED.
Slight Accident to the Cruiser Chi
tose's Condenser.
SANTA BARBARA, Doc 30.— The Chi
tose trial trip has been postponed until
to-morrow, owing to a' slight accident to
the condenser tune while on the first ten
miles of her course.
Sale of a Big Hotel.
REDLANDB, Dec. 30.— The Casaloma
the leading hotel of Redlands. was to-day
sold by Colonel T.J. Ritchey to the Casa
loma Hotel Company, a corporation, for
$66,800. The new company takes control
January 1. I^9. Joseph H. Bohon, sev
eral years manager of the Westminster
Hotel at Los Angeles, one of the direct
ors of the new company, will manage the
Casaloma.
Hudyan
lures! Hudyan
in a Hudyan
Week. Hudyan
»■■■■■„.■— Hudyan
The only way to get back your vitality, the
only way to be a real, true, vigorous man. is
to step the waste. A wasting man, a man
whose vitality Is daily growing less and less,
coon begins to have sleepless nights. Glim-
mering flecks appear before the eyes, darting
before him In minute pieces like a huge star
scattering. When you note this condition you
are on the eve of Nervous Debility, and If
you are not careful you will be mire to fall
Into nervous prostration.
THE SURE CURE.
Hudyan is the sure cure. Hudyan cures
Nervous Debility. Kidney Debility, Liver De-
bility, Blues, Melancholia, special weaknesses
and disabilities of men.
Hudyan cures pimples, drains, losses. Hud-
van cures Varicocele, Hydrocele and affections
of the prostate gland. Hudyan cures Sperma-
torrhoea and Atrophy. Hudyan cures weak
back. Hudyan stops all losses, all drains, all
enfeeblemente. ■, Hudyan sometimes Is effica-
CIOUS *
5 IN A WEEK.
| CIRCULARS FREE. j
SO- DAT CURB If you are suffering from
SO-DAY CURB malignant Blood Poison, or
80-DAY CURE If your blood Is tainted, if
the disease 1. In the first,
AT OFFICE secondary or tertiary state,
AT OFFICE you cao be cured with the
AT OFFICE SO-day cure. Call or writs
AT OFFICE for 30-day circulars.
Consultation. Private Dlag-
FREE noslB. Developing Process,
" FRKE Rheumo-Bath. Electric Bath.
FREE Vapor Bath. Sulphur Bath,
FREE ' Blood-Poison Bath.
...FREE TALK...
Hudson Medical Institute,
Unction Stockton, Market anil Ellis Sts.,
BAN FRANCISCO, CAI* ■
Q vim DR. JORDAN'S a~t
jglgß Museum of Anatomy
Jp|fl\ 1081 limXTST.Yrt.'6th* 7th, S.r.CiL
m \ mj~ 1 It t Larf.it of in kind is it* World.
I^^\ DR - JORDAN— Private Diseases.
AttWyjl. m. Cor.»u!l»tl»B fr«e. Writ* for B«t
v\ I If Philosophy off Marrlagi.
« uiilcd FREE.
j ADVERTISEMENTS. ___________
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /^w^w'
Very small and as easy
to take as sugar.
SEE IPARTFtfQ FOR headache. SEE
UAI\I tllo FOR DIZZINESS.
ftPVTITNF HiITTL£ FOR BILIOUSNESS. rrvurvn
GENUINE Hiver FOR TORPID liver. OENUNE
ipi iisi i$ FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPER H PI " F «« sallow skin. WRAPPER
ni\ArrEß [jtaa_J for the complexion nilArrLa
p. OKWVEVJS MUSTMAVCJ^MATUBC.
25 Cents I Purely VegetaMev^KW^^j^*^
"PRINTED OIST RED' PAPER,"
BAIX3CAD TBAVEIi.
SOI7THKRN PACIFIC COM PANT.
(PACiriC 9HTEM.)
Trulni Irnio uuil nrr tlia« to nrrlre nt
HAfi rttANCIKCO,
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.) ■
lbavb — From Deo. 18, 1898. — arrive
'6:00* Nil«s, San Jose Way Station*. . . «5743 a
iiOOa Beiilda, Suisun and Sacramento . 3:4Sp
7:«Oa Marysviiie, OruflUeaud Redding tin
Woodland 5:43r
7:00 a Elmira, Vaca^llle anil Ruuissey S:-Isp
7i3Oa Martinez, Saußaruon.VBllejo.Napa, •
Cilixuig* tin! Haiiu* Kosa 0:1 Up
8i«0a Atlantic Kxpress, Oftleu and Kast.. HtiXr
Mt»»A San Jo««. LiTermore, Htuckton,
• lone, Sacramento, Plaoerrille,
M»ry»t|l!B, Chico, lteil Illiirf -lilSr
li3O\ •Milton. Oskdaleand Jamestown... 4:151
O:0Oa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, ttiockton,
Merocdhiid Fresno 12:1.">p
! 9:0»a Fresno, HalirntnVM. 'Santa Barlian,
Los Angelas, Deiutug, El Paso,
New Orleans and Kast «i-15 r
10i«Oa Vail-.-]'). Martinez and Way .Stations ?:43r
i 13t:O«K NUt-s, I.itermore, Stockton, gacra-
• . - mt-uto, Mendota, llauford, Vi«alia,
PtrterTille .•.■• 4:tnr
•liOOp SucramenUi lti>er Steam*™ *S:OOp
4:«>Ur Martinez, Han Hhiiioii, Vallejo,
Napa, CallatoKn, Santii H0aa...... 9:1»«
4t*Or Bsuicia, VaeaTille, Hacrniii«nto,
Wooilland, Knlehts Lauding,
•MarjßTllle, OruTllle , IO:4»a
4iBOpNlles. San Jose and Stockton ....... 7:15p
5:O«p San Francisco and Los Angrles
Limited. Fresno, Bakers&eld, Lob
Auk lee '. ■.. 9:45 »
S:B*p Btockton, Merced, Fresno 13:15*
5:8»p Martinez, Tr.cy, Ifendota, Fresno,
Mi Jive, Sum.* ?i)rbara and !.•*
Ani.-!.-« .. . S:'l»A •
|5:OOP Pacific Coast Limited, El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East SO:4SA
o:8»p itetita Fo Ttotit v. AUiurtlc lUi(reiiß
•■• for Mujavo ami Kant (.:!»!•
«tO»p Kitropean Mali, (Igilmi and Kant.... «MS«
6:<»«[» lUynsri.lsi Ni lea and San Joie 7:-l»A
•6iO»r Vuliujo 12:I«P
t7)o«p Vallfjo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tioua }9:45p
«:<IUr <h-(>(t«jii ICii>rvu,Hacriiuientii, Marys-
ville. KeililiiiK.' Portlaii.l, I'uget
Soiiutl aiHl I'^st 8:15*
• 10:05p Sun-ct Limited. Fresno, Ui
Augolea. El Pain, New Orleans
amlEHiit ...^ 61i43p
•SAN IjKA.MiUD A.>°l> lIAVWAUIIS IiOCAI..
(Foot of Market Street.)
'I Melroxe, Vcmluarr ['»rk, (
«:O»a KHelilmrjf, Kimfiurst, 6slsa
iU:OOa .San lifftHilro. South N'nn t*«:I.TA
lO.OOa l,«>ftn<lri>. t:«tu«Hllo, 10:45
i11:OOa • Lorenzo, Cherry { l? I *?*
S:»OP an.l <li4se
«' o "p Iluyhar^. ! I : \^
7:00p < Run , throUgh t0 Miss 4: "'
V t Prom Xlle» I _
COAST I>l VlslO.N (Narrow ««use).
(Foot of Market Street. I
Silsa Newark, Centorvlll^, San .lose, Felt:>n,
-. - . I3'i'.;!'ler(.'Kek,BantaOruzaudWsy
Station* .1:5«»
•a:l»p Newark, CenterTiile. San Jose, New
Alinaden, Felton,-I<ouUler Creek.
Sunt* Cni2 and Principal Way
•Statioiu *IO:5O\
4:15p Newark. Ban Jose and Los Oaten. . . »:20a
t11:43p Hunteni' F.xcumfon, San Jose and
Way 8U»lon» j"f9or j
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
rrsmSiti rR.I.r R.1.S CISCO— Foot »f «»rk«t Street Slip B)—
•7:15 9. 0 ]1:00 a.m. Jl:03 *2:00 t3:OC
•i:00 • 1S:O3 •B:Mp.m. -•
from oAsUHD— foot of Br«idw«j.— "8:00 8:00 10:00i.w.
112:00 '1:03 t2:00 -3:!* ti:C3 *!:S3i-.u-.
COAST DIVISION (Kroad (Inline).' ""
(Thlrd-and Townsenrf St>.) •
7:00 a San .lode ami Way Stations (New
Alinaden Wednesdays only) l:SOr
9:09* San Jose, Tien l'litiw, s«i,r.i C'nir,
Facilic tiio>e. I'aso Uablas, iSan
l.nfs (ilil«|i<>. Uusdaluiie, Surf antl
Princliml Way Sljitl.»ii» • 4:1 Oi
lOi4O< Sun .l.ms mid Way Stationx •H:««A
IItSOA San J..SS and Way Stations itWA'
•a:4BpSan Mat-,.. Redwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Ran l>>»e.
Qllroy, Uitllinter. Santa Orux,
Bitlinas, Mouteicy and PaclßC
nrn«« •10:30*
•8i»Op San Jogs and Way Stall, >ni .'. *»:««*
*4tlSr SaaJoMaw) Principal Way Sfations 9:43 a
•si«op San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:3.5 a
3i3orS»n.Tf.(e ami Principal Stations 3:3(Vp
6:: lOr Pan Joss and Way Stations 7:30p
t11:45p San Jose and Way Stations "i-MHr
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. :
•Suivlajn eip«i%t».( 5 Sundays only. Saturdays only-
•[MondajßandThnrsdays. aTii«.tday» and Saturday*-
tSattiT-d»v\and Wednesdays. bThurnd«v!< ami Snndayp
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
/ LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 .a. m. ; 12:35.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. -m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I.jO
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30, 11:00- a. m. 1:30, 1:30,
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. 12:45,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 5:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetsen Park
■ame schedule as above.
Leave | Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
: October 16,
Week I Sun- IS9B. Sun- j Week
Days. days. Destination. days. | Days.
\ __
7:3o am! 8:00 ami Novato, 10:40 am B:4oam
B:3opm 9:3oam- Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
s:lopm ; 5:00 pn# Santa Rosa, 7:35 pmj 6:22pm 1
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg-,
Lyttan,
Geyserville,
3:30 rm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:2? pm
( Hopland and
7:30 am 8:00 am] Ukiah. 7:35 pm • 6:22 pm
7:30 am! 10:25 am
I 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm _ j 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 a m! 840 am
and
5:10 pmj 6:00 Glen Ellen. | 6:lopm 6:22 pm
7:3oam! 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10 Sam
S :3opm 8:00 pm[ j 7:35 pmj 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servUle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan Snrinn
Highland Springs. KelseyvlUe. Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Harriett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, ■ Potter Valley
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley"a, Bucknell's
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Booneville Orr"s
Hot Springs. Mendooino City. Fort Bragg
Westport, Usal, Wlllitts. Laytonvllle, Cuml
ming's. Bells Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer
Scotia and Eureka. . *
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates, .
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market it., Chronicle bide
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
■ ; 1 — — — ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10. 189 S. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. I ~~ North-bound.
Passen- Mixed, j Mixed. |Passen-
ger. Sunday Sunday per.
! Daily. Exc ptd Stations, Exc'ptd Daily.
•B:2oam 10:30 am Stockton j 3:45 pm; 3:sopm
10:10 am 2:ospm Merced 12:40pm 4:o3pm
11:40 a m( 6:3opm, Fresno 9:3oam 2:32pm
12:3Spm 7:4Spm < Hanford 7:45 am l:Sspm
l:!0pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld J:Soam 11:25 am
U:sSpm 8:50 Vlsalia 6:4oamj l:lipni
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Market
■treet, San t Frandaco.
RAjXROATj TRAVEL.
Calitbrnla
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting: Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M.' every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tha
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday-Arriving In New
York at l:3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and ElectHo
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SJkl FRANCISCO TICKETIfHCE— IM MARKET SI
TELEPHONE MAIN ISM.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway. '
Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Olara Si
NORTH PACIFIC coast RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— '7:2O, '9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; *1:45.
5:45. 6:15, •6:00, 6:30 p. m.
. EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'B:OO, n0:00, *11:39 a. m. *1:15.
1:60, H:&), 8:15 p. m.
•Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS—D:£S, »6:35, 7:45, »9:30 a. m.;
•12:20, ,2:20, *3:45. :"j:O5 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. '8:00, »10:00. *11:55 a. m.;
•1:15. *3:M, 4:40. »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked * start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL, VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— r,:43. 6:43, 7:£5. 9:40 a. m.:
12:36. 2:45, 3:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturday? at 7:00 p. m. „..',„ ...
SUNDAYS— ;OO, 10:05' a. m.; 12:03, 1:20. 5:20.
6:00, 6:20 p. m. '
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 am. week days — Cazadero and way 6ta'n».
I 1:45 p.m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.'
8:30 a.m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta'a.
MOUNT TAMALPAiS SCENIC RAILWAY.
IVla Sausalito Ferry.)
L*ave San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Kept. 11, ISJS:
Week Days— a. m., 1:45 p. m.
S;indaj-s— 8:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
I: >.:,'. trip from Mill Valley, $1. c
TIMS. COOK & SON. .Agents. ,621 Market
i street. Saft I^Tancisco. . '
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
tifcv^ . Steamers leave Broadway
kBRJI^. wharf, San Frar.c!.=c'>:
' BBH^JBk. . for Alaska ports, 10 a. m.,
■ R^«Bi Jan. 1. 6. 11. 16. 21. : ''- 31;
■nJKI^Ei y ' - 5; change at Seattle.
: HMg^^^Bl 3 '" ( ' r Alaska:: ports. 10 a. m ,
r^**S*W&ist*l C), Port Townseßd. Seattle,
Tacoma, Everett, Anarr.rt^3
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
' 1' a. m., Jan. 1. 6, 11. 16, 21.
26, 31, Feb. 5, and every" fifth day thereafter;
change fat Seattle to thi a company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at Tacoma to N. P.
Hv . at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Jan. 4,
9, 14, 19, 24, 29. Feb. 3, and every fifth day
the'rea I
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San -Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford, (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Jan. 4. 8. 12. 16. 20. 24, 28,
Feb. 1. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping- only at Port Har-
ford (SanlLula Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
I m.. Jan. 2. 6. 10, 14. IS. 22. 26, 30, Feb. 5, and
i every fourth day thereafter.
I For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Joee del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas <Mex.), 10 a. m., Jan. 12, Feb. S,
Mar. 9. "Apr. 6.
Tor further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change,
without previous notice, steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing. •■.-.-'. <•■..:
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
I street (Palace Hotel).
i GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Ajrts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. &N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
F> O TL TH. J± IXTD
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE SI 2 First Class Including Berths
iMIIL £8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails Jan. 3, 13. 23, Feb. 2.
State of California sails Jan. ?, 1?. ti. Feb. T.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, Genera. Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantic.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS .^
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <fj TVs
!atlo a. m. from Pier 42. North «*^i»^s»
1 River, foot of Morton street.
LA NORMANDIE -^c 31
LA GASCOGNE a -i- 7
LA CHAMPAGNE an - \*
I LA BRF.TAGNE Jan. 31
i LA NORMANDIE Jan. M
First- ■- to Havre. »«5 and upward. 5 per
i cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre. $45. 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
i AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery avenue. Fan Francisco.
PSHHMIfI s - B. AUSTRALIA
SK BfIIL satis for Honolulu
1 I» S "* Wednesday. January
* ™^-— - N 11. IMS, at 2p. m.
Q+sCZrV>n 1 Th S - B. MARX-
rtlEfllTlSn D c) POSA Pails via Hono-
<Qmrah»L lulu and Auckland for
(OlTlßulCtf* Sydney Wednesday,
* Jan. 25. at 10 p. m.
Line to COOLGARIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St., San Francisco.
; BAY AND EIVEB STEAMEES.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AMD VALLEJO.
Steamer ."Montlcello."
Mon.. Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m., 8:15 p. m. (S:SO p. m. ex. Thur«.V
Fridays ■ ip. m an d «: 30 p. ir-
Sundays io : so a. m. and 8 P. o.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pi«r J- '
■ Telephone Main IMS. ■;; f_
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAh.NY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE'
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
; CO. European plan. Rooms BBc to U5O diy:
: li to 55 week; $3 to $30 month, baths: hot
I and cold water every room; fire grates in every
| room; elevator runs all night.
. WißHy Call $1.00 per YearHANKOW IS
AGAIN A SCENE
OF DISASTER
Block of Houses Falls
Into River Han.
OVER A THOUSAND DROWNED
PEOPLE IN ROOKERIES AND
BOATS PERISH MISERABLY.
Oriental News Also Includes the Loss
of an Ocean Steamer and the
Murder of Several
Missionaries.
Special Di«r«tch to Th« Call.
VICTORIA. B. C, Dec 30.— The
Bteamers Victoria and Yamaguchi Maru
arrived to-day with news from the
Orient to December 16. Another serious
calamity, writes the Hankow corre
spondent of the North China Daily
News, riles of which were received by
the steamers, has befallen the unfor
tunate town of Hankow. About a
month previous a terrible conflagration
destroyed a goodly portion of the town
and caused the loss of upward of 2000
lives, and now about a thousand if not
many more of the unfortunate inhabi
tants of Hankow have met death, not
by fire, but water being the agent this
time.
About noon on December 3 half a
street of houses extending from the
great Matou to the middle Matou, a
distance of about a 11 along the edge
of the river Han suddenly broke away
and tumbled into the water on the top
of all the boats there. At this par
ticular point the bank at present is
forty feet high and almost perpendicu
lar. The houses built on It, according
to the custom, extended a good deai
d the edge of the bank by the aid
of poles supporting them from under
neath. The river at this spot is very
deep and runs with a strong current.
There have been some freshets recent
ly which must have cut away the bank
below the level of the water, under
mining the banks on which the street
was buili, fur the whole gave way
without the least warning and houses
and boats with all their people in them
disappeared in a moment with a great
crash.
As usual it Is impossible to learn with
any accuracy the number of lives lost,
but the general statement Is that about
a hundred houses and the same num
ber of boats are gone and from a thous
and to one thousand five hundred peo
ple drowned. There is not much to be
seen at the place, nothing but a bare
bank, as clean cut away as If it had
been done with a huge razor and the
water covered with people busy fishing
up bodies or anything else they can
hook hold of.
The Japan Gazette says: Since the
attack on the Russian troops at Andi-
Jan bo me time bark discontent and dis-
Batiefactlon hav>> been rife throughout
the province. This feeling has assumed
such proportions that the Russian au
thorities have already strengthened
their garrisons by quintupling them.
They have moreover occupied a larger
village in force and superceded the
civil by a military administration. The
causes of this state of things are not
far to seek and in fact may be traced
to the barbarous rigor with which the
late rising has been suppressed. Not
jit to than 200 or 300 fanatics were en
gaged in the attack on the Russians,
yet, in one town it is asserted every
male adult resident was at one time
or another arrested, although it was
known that very few of the culprits
livc-d there. More than 1200 men were
arrested on suspicion and flogged in
order to extort information. Not only
were the actual malefactors punlshea,
but their relatives of all degrees were
also imprisoned. The special commis
sioner sent to investigate appears to
have imprisoned all from whom it was
thought evidence could be extracted.
In addition to this a fine of 300,000
rubles has been inflicted on the dis
trict, tho payment of which will fall
upon the respectable middle-class, who
had nothing to do with the attack.
The American, a Manila paper, says:
The revenue cutter McCulloch, after
circling Dewey's fleet while bands
played and tars cheered, has started
for home to join the Bering Sea patrol
fleet. The McCulloch left New York in
1897 to join the revenue cutter fleet in
Bering Sea, going by way of the Suez
canal and visiting all places of interest
on the Mediterranean. Upon her ar
rival at Singapore she found orders
awaiting her to join the Asiatic fleet
■with all possible haste, learning for the
first time of the difficulties between
Spain and the United States. She
made the quickest run from Singapore
to Hongkong of any steamer on this
coast, joining Admiral Dewey's fleet,
■where she took a prominent part in the
battle as a dispatch boat. She will be
several months in reaching the Bering
Sea, ar she is to visit all the principal
places on the coast of China and Japan,
going across the northern ocean by the
Aleutian Islands.
The gt^amer Phoko Maru on her way
from Tatnsui, Formosa, to another port,
-.vas "swapped and sunk by a huge
wave near Daianko on December 14.
< >r)y ono nan was saved out of forty
engers and crew.
\"f-\vs corr.os of more murders of mis
ries. The Japan Herald says: An
-h missionary has been murdered
by natives aid soldiers at Tsingping,
nin<--tv miles east of Kueiyang. A
h missioi ary has been burned to
at Bwatow, and a German mis
v has alsc been mortally injured
in Shangtung.
NEW ASSIGNMENTS FOR
MERRITT AND SHAFTER
Will Respectively Command the De
partments of the East and
California.
WASHINGTON. Dec. ."o.— Several Im
portant army assignment! were an
nounced at the Wnr r^pa-tment to-day:
Major General Merritt, r. S. A., has
been relieved from command of the De
partment of the Pacific .-rid from further
<]uty pertaining to the Philippine Islands
and will proceed to New fork City and
assume command of the liepartment of
iSt.
Majof General William E. Shafter, IT.
S. A,, baa been relieved of the command
of th<- Department of the Enst and as
•igned to the command of the department
bf < alifornia, to relieve Major General
Henry C. Merriam. General Shxfter will
proceed at once to San Francisco and en
tfer upon his duties.
Votes of a Precinct Rejected
WOODLAND. Dec 30.— 1n an election!
contest Judge Gaddis has rendered a de- ',
rision rejecting the entire vote of South {
rrr-'-inct because the election officers i
iwice during election day locked up me j
;>olllng-rlace and went to a farmhouse a!
mile away for their meals.
BEEF KEPT
FRESH WITH
CHEMICALS
Meat Sent to Cuba
and Porto Rico.
SURGEON DALY'S REPORT
TELLS HOW FILTHY FOOD WAS
THROWN AWAY.
While the Beef Looked Well, It Had
a Sickening Odor, Like a
Human Body Bead of
Disease.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30.— The War
Investigating Committee to-day made
public a report, omitted in the state
ment given out yesterday, bearing on
the beef controversy. It is from Major
W. H. Daly, chief surgeon at army
headquarters at Tampa prior to the
sailing of the Shafter expedition, and
is as follows:
WASHINGTON, Sept. 21. 1898.— T0 the
Assistant Adjutant General, Headquar
ters of the Army. Washington— Sir: I
have the honor to report, in the interests
of the service, that in the several inspec
tions 1 made In the various camps and
troopships at Tampa, Jacksonville.
I'hiokamauga and Porto Rico, 1 found the
fresh beef to he apparently preserved
with secret chemicals, which destroys its
natural flavor, ami which 1 also believe to
be detrimental to the health of the troops.
While on duty at the headquarters of
the army at Tampa, at the time of the
embarkation of the Shatter expedition,
Colonel Weston, the efficient chief com
missary, showed me a quarter of beef that
had already, as a. test, been sixty hours
in the sun without being perceptibly
tainted, so far as the sense of smell could
determine. It is impossible to keep fresh
beef so long untainted in the sun in that
climate without the use of preserves, such
as boric acid or nitrate of potash, inject
ed into it in quantities likely to be
hurtful to the health of the consumer. At
Ponce much of the beef arriving on the
transports from tho Tinted States was
also of the same character, being appar
ently preserved by injecting chemicals
to aid deficient cold storage.
Where efficient cold storage is impossi
ble, transporting beef alive is the method
that should receive the fullest considera
tion by the Government, as being safest
for the health of the consumer. When
detailed to take charge of the transport
Panama for conveying convalescents to
the United States, I obtained 2000 pounds
of fresh beef from the commissary at
Ponce. It looked well, but had an odor
similar to that of a dead human body
after being injected with preservatives,
and tasted when rirst cooked like decom
posed bodies smell. After standing a day
for further inspection it became so bitter,
nauseous and unpalatable as to be quite
impossible for use. I was, therefore,
obliged, owing to the condition and the
complaints of the sick aiiout it. and the
disgustingly sickening odor it emitted
when being cooked, and its mawkish,
flat taste when served, and for the safety
of the patients, 255 convalescent sol
diers on board, to organize a board of
eurvey, condemn and throw 1500 pounds,
all we had, overboard. Consequently the
convalescents were entirely without the
much-needed fresh beef, making the duty
of bringing the men to the United States
In nn Improved condition a very difficult
In ray inspection of the Fourth United
States "Volunteer Infantry at Jacksonville
recently 1 observed the same odor and
taste upon the fresh beef, but not so
marked: and at the camp of the Sixth In
fantry at Chlckamauga I also, at several
inspections, observi d It markedly. I there
inserted a lot of beef just Issued to that
regiment and, while it looked well, it was
of a sickening odor, like a human body
dead of disease and injected with preserv
atives and when cooked It was quite un
palatable and consequently likely to prove
an efficient cause of ill health. The men
complained of its insipid and mawkish
flavor that high seasoning could not con
ceal.
Believing that the Commissary Depart
ment has been Imposed upon by the misdi
rected commercial spirit of persons fur
nishing fresh beef, I respectfully recom
mend that the matter be Investigated by
experts, making a quantitative and quali
tative chemical analysis of the several
preservatives suspected to be used by get
ting samples of beef furnished for export
to Cuba and Porto Rico.
If the -question arises that a report
should have been made by me earlier. I
beg to say that I have endeavored with
a!l my opportunities to first inform my
self by observations of the conditions, as
above noted, sufficiently to warrant my
drawing the attention of the adjutant
general at the headquarters of the army
to the matter. Very repp^ctfully.
W. H. DAI/T.
Surgeon United States Volunteers.
ORIGIN OF VICTORIA'S
BIG FIRE A MYSTERY
Damage to the Extent of Thirty-Five
Thousand Dollars Done to the
British Columbia City.
VICTORIA, Dec. 3^.— Fire broke out
early this morning: In a cigar store on
Government street, in the very heart of
the business portion of the city, the build
ing being occupied by Frank Campbell.
The flames were not extinguished until
damage to the amount of $35,000 had been
done. The Heathorn block, owned by W.
J. Anderson, was completely gutted be
fore the fire was brought under control
at 2 a. m. The heaviest losers are Ander
son, owner of the building, whose loss is
$15 00"), covered by insurance; Thomas
Brothers & Grant, merchant tailors, $1000,
with insurance amounting to $3000; Frank
Campbell, $4000, no insurance; Chris Wen-
Rf-r, jeweler, damage by water, $ll'sO, cov
ered by insurance; Fletcher Brothers,
music, "dealers, damage by water, $4000,
partly covered by insurance.
The origin of the fire is yet a mystery.
It commenced in the tobacco store a few
minutes after it was closed for the night.
It to believed an overheated flue is re
sponsible. _
REDUCED POSTAGE.
Letters Now Sent From Canada for ;
Two Cents.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30.— The Canadian !
Government in a telegram from Postmas-
I ter General Mulock to Postmaster General
I Smith announces that it has reduced the
domestic letter rate from three to two
S cents per ounce, commencing January 1.
Under the convention between the United
! States and Canada letters are sent from
! this country to Canada, for two cents, the
domestic rate of each country applying to
! the letters sent. The reduction now made
i is reciprocal and, for the first time, per
mits letters to be sent from the other side
at two cents, instead of three cents.
Postmaster General Smith, at the re
i quest of the Canadian Government, calls
the attention of all postmasters in the
! country, through the Associated Press, to
i the reduction and to its taking effect New
', Year's day with a view to preventing mat
! ter so sent being charged up as "short
I paid."
FOB, JURY BRIBING.
Indictment of a Court Bailiff and a
Cat tie Buyer.
CHICAGO. Dec. 30.— Indictments for
jury bribing were voted to-day against
James Lynch and E. .K. Powell by the
Grand Jury. Charges In a number of
similar cases are being investigated.
Lynch is a court bailiff. Powell is a cat- i
tie-buyer, and was a. Juror in one of the
cases. The Jury bribing is alleged to have
been done in the interest of a street rail
way company, defendant In too cases be
ing investigated, / A A
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1898.
"COMING
EDUCATION"
THE THEME
Meredith's Address to
the Teachers.
FAULTS OF PRESENT SYSTEM
IT IS TOP-HEAVY AND NEEDS
MANY INNOVATIONS.
All Matters Being Disposed Of, the
Thirty-Second Annual Session
at Santa Rosa Adjourns
Sine Die.
Special IMppatch to Th« Call.
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 30.— The last
session of the 'California State Teach
ers' Association was called to order
promptly at 9 o'clock this morning by
State President George Chllds of San
Jose, in the Fifth street Methodist
Episcopal Church South. The build
ing was crowded with spectators.
Hon. Charles T. Meredith, State Su
perintendent of Public Instruction,
made his annual address. His subject
was "Coming Education," and his re
marks were heard with close atten
tion. He spoke in part as follows:
It Is no secret that there is much dis
satisfaction with the products of our
public schools. Many people are out
spoken, many merely saying nothing, but
prefer to bear the ills they have than to
fly to new ones. The mechanic complains
that we educate his children out of his
environment; the merchant that our edu
cation is not practical; the university that,
the graduates even of our high schools do
not have sufficient facility in the use of
English to admit them to the university
without examination.
Some months ago we engaged in a war
with Spain. A great army was assem
bled in a dozen camps. The young men
in this army constituted the flo^ver of
American youth— the most nearly perfect
specimens of physical manhood t..at could
be found in all our land. No sooner, how
ever, were these young men marshaled
than with horrible fatality they were at
tacked by typhoid and malarial fevers.
They Bcemed unable to take care of them
selves; they had no officers to look after
them.
Every soldier had above him a major
general, with his division surgeon and nis
division inspector; a brigadier-general,
with a brigade surgeon and brigade in
spector; a colonel, a lieutenant-colonel, a
major, a regimental surgeon, a captain
and two lieutenants, and all these offi
cers were charged with his care. JBut the
soldiers at once fell sick, and if the war
had continued for a space of two years
it would have cost us one-half of mat
magnificent army to learn what we should
have known at the outset.
Had the germs, the seeds of these
fevers, been as large as elephants, or even
as gnats, we should not have lost a man.
The fever germs are, however, a thou
sand times more deadly and just as much
an entity as the elephant.
The war. though costing us millions in
money ana thousands of lives, will prove
a blessing to the country, because it will
show us the importance of studying nature
In the infinitesimal. Disease germs lurk in
<\ «-ry house, in everything we use, and
we must learn to protect ourselves from
them.
The defects of our schools nre easily
to be accounted for— we have to attempt
too much. The march of progress adds
every year new work to our course of
study: new and more Important.
To meet this demand we must make a
radical change in our whole system; it is
top-heavy.
At the conclusion of. Mr. Meredith's
address the convention went into busi
ness session. The principal business
done was the consideration of
the report of the committee on
resolutions. All of the resolutions
presented were adopted " with the
exception of that referring to the
necessity of the next Legislature mak
ing an appropriation to complete the
revision of the State series of textbooks,
which was referred to the council of
education, and the last, which was laid
upon the table.
A warm discussion was brought on by
the introduction by President-elect
Frederick L. Burke of Santa Barbara of
a resolution providing that hereafter no
member be altowed to vote at any
meeting of the association unless he
should have been a member at least
one year. Among those who spoke on
the subject were Superintendent J. W.
McClymonds of Oakland, P. M. Fisher
of Alameda, G. C. Clark of Santa Cruz
and F. L. Burke. The resolution was
finally carried by a small majority.
A resolution of sympathy was intro
duced by Richard D. Faulkner of San
Francisco and by the association or
dered telerraphed to Hon. E. W. Davis,
secretary of the State Board of Uni
versity Regents. Mr. Davis is now sick
in Riverside County.
A telegram was at this juncture re
ceived from the State Educational As
sociation of Washington, now in session
at Olympta. The greeting was re
ceived with applause and a like return
of compliments ordered forwarded at
once to the secretary of the Washing
ton association by wire.
There being no further business be
fore the association, a motion to ad
journ was declared in order. After be,
ing duh- made and seconded President
Childs. in a few well chosen remark?,
declared the thirty-second annual
session of the California State Teach
ers' Association adjourned sine die.
WROTE FAREWELL MESSAGE
BY LIGHT OF THE MOON
Before Committing Suicide by Drown
ing, S. Cereni Declared His "Wife
Sent Him to Hell.
TOMALES, Dec. 30.— The suicide of S.
: Cereni here yesterday was deliberate.
j Making- his way on foot to a bluff over
j looking the ocean, some miles from his
1 house, he took out his grocery pass-book
I and tore out all the accounts therein. On
i one of thp remaining blanks he wrote the
' following letter in Italian, the moon.
, affording him light:
"Dec. 27, '98.
"I think it is better to die all at once
than to die inch by inch. My wife to
; night told me to go to hell— so I walked
| this far to find it. God may have mercy
on my poor, sweet innocent children.
i Good by! Happy New Year to all!
"S. CERENI."
Putting the letter and his purse in his
vest pocket he placed the garment In a
; very conspicuous place, with its white lip
i Ing outward. He then took the fatal
i plunge into Tomales Bay, and his body
was eventually washed by the waves into
a slight cavern and wedged there. It was
i considerably disfigured.
Dempsey an Impostor.
I WOODLAND, Dec. 30.— Since the publi- |
I cation of the story which throws some !
: mystery around the life and death of
: Miss Mary Moedlr.ger. in San Bernardino,
1 it has been ascertained that John Demp
j sey, who claims he married her, was at
I one time an inmate of the Yolo County .
! Hospital and that he has a wife and child I
1 in the Bast. There seems to be no douot
! that he either deceived the young woman,
OT that he now lies when he says tney ;
were married.
Andrew Carnrgie tells hoiv
he rose from, a bobhin-boy to a
millionaire, in next /Sunday's
Call..
DIRECTORS
DEAL OUT MORE
PROMOTIONS
Gold Bricks Were Scarce, but
There Was Plenty of the
Real Thing.
A Morning Meeting of the School Board
Depletes the Probationary List and
Creates New Departments.
Twenty odd teachers from the proba- i
tionary list placed by a simple resolution
in permanent positions from which all the
law and the good intentions of the in
coming Board of Education cannot shake
them, more teachers crowded on the al- j
ready well-stuffed "unassigned list," and i
a batch of day substitute pedagogues
carried in a moment through the 'proba
tionary period" and made full-fledged
teachers In the department, is the record j
of yesterday's meeting of the Board of |
Education.
The meeting was called through the mail
and for some reason or other the minority
members of the board did not receive their
notices until almost too late yesterday I
morning to be on hand. The push, how
ever, showed up promptly at 10 o'clock,
and by half-past that hour the minutes
of the four preceding meetings were ;
being read. Armer and Derham of the
minority arrived just in time to partlci- |
pate. Head did not turn up at all, and j
Superintendent Webster pursued his usual
policy by staying away.
That there was something doing became i
evident when the reading of the minutes |
was finishd. Gallagher immediately \
moved that a recess be taken, and, al
though Derham objected, the gang re
tired to the caucus room to marshal its >
vote for the forthcoming resolutions. I
Bantel was mad from the time he ar- j
rived, and had to be whipped into line. ,
He hud been handed a large and glittering
gold brick at Wednesday's meeting, ana
ne announced upon his arrival yesterday
morning that ne wouldn't vote for "a
thing the gang put up."
Even the caucus dla not bring him ]
around, and he was only coaxed out of !
his trance by the passage of his resolu- j
tion holding Miss Catherine Ball in her
position as drawing teacher. It was a pet
scheme of Bantel's, for the reason tnat
Miss Ball came out to this coast and be- j
i ame a teacher in the department ±or
the sole purpose of introducing the Prang
system of drawing. Bantel was Instru
mental in introducing that system into
the schools and naturally was much in
terested in keeping it there, consequently
his solicitude mat Miss Ball be retained.
His resolution, which was passed only
upon reconsideration, was as follows:
Resolved, That the action of the Board
of Kuucalion in appealing from the decision
of his Honor, Judge BH'-her, in the case of
Mists Katherine Bail, teacner of drawing in
the department, be rescinded and the Judgment I
and order of the court be obeyed.
The report of the finance committee
which carried the payment of laborers'
claims to the extent of $SuO, was brought '
up and after considerable debate passed, I
though Armer and Derham put up a hard ;
tight against it on the ground that no
more money should be expended until
teachers' salaries had been paid. j
Baniel was still in the tulks when Wai- :
ler's report of the elementary committee
came up and he threw his vote against it
and aft«*r its paramga moved for a recon
sideration. Waller amended by moving
for a reconsideration at once and after
other matters hud been disposed of and
Bantel quietly talked with, ho withdrew j
his motion and the report went through !
with no other opposition than that of Der- j
ham and Armer. The report effected <
numerous transfers and promoted several
day substitutes to the probationary list.
These newly created probationary teach
era were later in the meeting again pro- j
moted by a smooth resolution Introduced
by Dr. Ragan and made regular teachers
in the department.
Waller's report was as follows:
Your committee on elementary education re- |
Bpectfully recommends -• follows:
That Mies K. CrookbUß, a regular teacher of |
tht- Hancock Grammar School, be assigned to
the eighth grade u£ said Hancock Grammar I
School.
\\ liere.is. the cooking room is now In use as i
a class room at the Harrison Primary School, J
and, whereas, the pupils from the Adams and |
John Swett Grammar schools have to tra\.l
to said school for instruction In cooking, be It
resolved, that the said classes In cooking be
transferred to Adams School.
That Miss Agnes Thomas, of the day sub- i
stltute list, be elected a probationary teacher, i
and be assigned to a class in the Clement
Grammar School.
That Miss Maggie Conroy he elected a pro- ]
batlonary teacher from the substitute list and i
assigned to a class in the Peabudy School.
That Miss Laura Dyer, be transferred from !
the unasslgned list to a class in Cooper Prim- ■
ary School.
That Miss Lou Hennessy be transferred from
the day substitute list and elected a proba- I
tlonary teacher and assigned 10 the Franklin
Grammar School.
That Miss K. J. Hart be "transferred from
the day substitute list and elected a proba
tionary teacher and assigned to a class ln^the
Lincoln Grammar School.
S. L. WALLER, Chairman.
Dr. Ragan followed the elementary with j
the evening school report. Among the
numerous unique things It accomplisned
was the gift of two positions in two even-
Ins schools to Professor T. H. McCarthy, j
Professor McCarthy has been the uee-i
principal of the Washington Evening I
School. Dr. Ragan's report made him i
principal also of the Spring Valley School
■without losing 'vn the Washington School i
place or salary.
The report fo..ows:
Your committee on evening schools reports |
and recommends as follows:
That Miss Emily Cerf, of the day unasslgned |
list, be transferred to her former class In the |
John Bwett Evening School. 1
That A. W. Lyser, of the Business Evening
School, be transferred to the bookkeeping class j
In the Spring Valle" Evening School.
That Myrtle Cerf, of the Spring Valley
School, be transferred to the bookkeeping claws
of A. W. Lyßer In the Business Evening
School.
That E. C. Cordell, of, the Business Evening
School, be transferred to the Hamilton Even-
Ing School, to take charge of the bookkeeping
class.
That L. A. Ramus, of the Hamilton Even- I
Ing School, be transferred to the Business
Evening School as assistant in the practical !
business department.
That Miss G. G. Donovan, of the Business
Evening School, be transferred to the day un- I
assigned list.
That Miss Jennie Roden, of the Franklin
Evening School, be transferred ■to the day ;
unassigned list.
That W. T. Bickel be elected head of the
commercial department, of the Horace Mann
Evening School.
' That William Langdorn, of the John Swett
Evening School, be transferred to the Rlncon i
Evening School and elected principal of said j
school.
That the' principalshlp of the Mission Even-
Ing School, held by Madison Babcock, be de- 1
clared vacant, and R. D. Faulkner, of. the |
Franklin Day School, be elected to said posi- :
tion.
That the princlpalship of the Spring. Valley
Evening School be declared vacant, and that
T. H. McCarthy, of the Washington Evening
School, be elected to said position.
That Miss L. E. Freese, or the . Business
Evening School, be elected vice principal of the '■
Business Evening School.
, That Miss Annie O' Sullivan, of the Lincoln i
Evening School, be transferred to the day
school unas«lgned list.
That Miss M. O'Mallay, of the Business .
Evening School, be transferred to the day uu- i
assigned list.
That Miss Josie Fitzpatrick, of the Rlncon
Evening School, be transferred to the day un- !
assigned list.' ■',■• .-■ :■'• 'i;; . .
DR. D. F. RAGAN.
The very warmest thing of the whole
session was the shortest and most Inno
cently demeanored resolution presented.
It read as-follows:
Resolved, That the rules of the Board of
Education be suspended and that all proba
tionary teachers be and they are hereby elected
regular teachers in the department.
It was by that resolution that every
teacher of uncertain position after the
clean-up of Wednesday night was marie
■Olid in her place, and it passed the board
with only two votes against it. It was the
same resolution that made regular teach
ers of the three who were taken from the
substitute list and made probationary
teachers by the elementary report intro
duced earlier In the meeting. As a piece
of condensed smoothness it was the finest
that has yet come over the political pike.
It was shortly followed by one almost as
effective in its scone, the secondary edu
cation report, which was as follows:
Your committee on secondary education rßc
ommends as follows:
That Miss Irene Reeves of the Polytechnic
High School be elected head of the Latin De
partment in said school.
That Miss Mary Donnely of the Mission High
School he transferred from the position of head
nf the mathematical department and be elected
head of the Kngllsh department of said school.
That Miss Ada Goldsmith of the Mission High
School be elected head of the mathematical de
partment of said HChool.
That Mins Henrietta Byrne of the secondary
substitute list be elected a regular High School
teacher and assigned to the Girl's High School.
That George Bates of the Mission High
School be elt-cted heud of the Latin department
in said school.
That Miss Lyda Carrol be assigned to the
head of the history department of the Mission
High School.
That Miss Emily P. Rhine, a regular teacher
in the Mission School, be assigned to the de
partment of natural science and German in
said prhool.
That Miss M. B. Conway, teacher in the
Polytechnic High School, be elected head of
the department of stenography.
DR. D. F. RAGAX.
Like those that had come before it, the
secondary education report was shot
through the ranks with only the ineffec
tual opposition of Derham and Armer,
and It was shortly followed by a motion
to adjourn until this morning, when work
along the same line will be resumed and
finished for the year.
FRACTURED A BOY'S HAND.
I J. W. Ragan, a Wagon-Maker, Ar
rested on a Charge of Battery.
| J. W. Ragan, a wagon-maker on Harri
son street, near Sixth, was arrested yes
terday afternoon on a warrant charging
him with battery. He was released on his i
\ own recognizance by Justice of the Peace]
! Barry.
The complaining witness is Frazer Llps,
a boy 11 years of age, who lives with his
parents at 960V3 Harrison street. The boy !
was playing Thursday afternoon in front |
of Ragan's shop when Ragan came run
ning out and struck him on the shin bone
with, the boy says, a long piece of iron,
After being "struck three times the boy
put his left hand on his shin bone for pro
tection and Ragan struck his hand.
The boy's father Is a clerk in Xolan's
i shoestore on Market street, and word was
sent to him about the assault. He took
the boy to Dr. Morgan, Sixth and Harri
son ?treptp, who found that a bone of Jhe
left hand had been broken by the blow.
1 The case was reported to Secretary Kane
I of the Pacific Coast Society for the Pre
! ventlon >>f Cruelty to Children, and Of
j floor Coleman called upon Ragan, who ad
; mitted striking the boy, but said he used
I the- butt end of a whip, which Coleman
; secured as evidence. Ragan said he was
constantly annoyed by boys stealing nuts
from his shop, and he thought the boy
Liss was ono of them.
•- - -
Burglar in a Paint Shop.
Officer Porter of the Seventeenth-street
j station made a neat capture of an early
J morning- burglar named Nick Strauss aa
' the latter was coming: out of the paint
shop of Edward Norman at 1665 Mission
street yesterday morning with eleven
cans of varnish. Several days ago
• Strauss, who is a painter by trade, con
tided to one of Norman's employes his
intention of robbing the shop, and the
man to whom he made known his plans
Immediately told Norman of the purposed
robbery. Norman in turn notified Captain
Gillen, who detailed Officers Porter and
Nolan to watch the store. They did so,
with the foregoing result. Strauss was
booked on a charge of burglary.
Consistory Election.
San Francisco Consistory, Scottish Rite
Masons of the thirty-second degree, held
its annual election and installation last
night. The new officers of the consis
tory are: Venerable master of the Ka
dosh, John L. M. Shetterley; prior. Frank
Koenlg; preceptor, F. W. G. Moebus;
chancellor, Charles Green; minister of
state, Charles L. Patton; almoner, W. S.
Moses; registrar, George J. Hobe; treas
urer, Samuel W. Levy; prelate, Henry
Burner; marshal, Frank B. Ladd: expert,
Henry Ashcroft; assistant expert, James
MacMullen; captain of the guard, Stew
ard Henry Grauoi-holz; tyler, John
d'Arcy.
Masquerade Ball To-Night.
The old year will be ushered out and
the new year inaugurated in an appro
priate and hilarious way at the Mechan
ics' Pavilion this evening. The Arion Be
nevolent Society will give Its annual prize
masquerade ball and the big building
promises to be packed.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
(C- x^£i fe*» The country
/vl^SitS"^"~*— woman is usually
w^,*"',*^ W.^^X/^- healthy and ro-
'• I <\\ * <tiT^--- bu ? l - If she isn't
k'«.«tj *f ' V>^L! "* 4 * s £ enera Hy be-
lt %'% ' * v if\\ cause °f her own
\\\ Jl. V ! r'6v.-\ ignorance or neg-
ftV'/ uL ' uAj^wit lect Sh< : is a
w , Ivjj ■r^W&&h hAT<i workin pr wo-
\>n '7^?»fi3Sßw man ' but * ier sur "
C ~ \> I'i/iSiaPTru r ° " n d n * are
S U*TC?W"JL«Vhealthy, and un-
••*■>'- 1 ' / y'l "^ ess she has some
• \ ( llk local weakness,
if, I a I • '{ she bears her
VI V '' /. heavy burden
V'V v ' till without serious
' ' 1 inconvenience.
The trouble with too many country wo-
men is that they do not sufficiently realize
the supreme importance of keeping healthy
in a womanly way. A woman's general
health cannot be good if she suffers from
local weakness and disease. If she suffers
in this way, the strongest woman will soon
break down and become a weak, sickly,
nervous, complaining invalid. Dr. I'ierce's
Favorite Prescription cures all weakness
and disease of the organs distinctly femi-
nine. It acts directly on these organs,
making- them strong, healthy and vigorous.
Its' cures all weakness, disorders and dis-
placements of the delicate internal organs.
It is the greatest of all nerve tonics. It
banishes the discomforts of the period of
solicitude, and makes baby's advent easy
and almost painless. It positively insures
the little new-comer's health and an ample
supply of nourishment. Thousands of wo-
men have testified to its wonderful merits,
and many of them have cheerfully permit-
ted their experiences, names, addresses
and photographs to be printed in Doctor
Pierces Common Sense Medical Adviser.
The "Favorite Prescription " is^o,ld by all
good medicine stores, and a papV-covered
Medical Adviser " of 1008 pages is mailed
free on receipt of 21 • one-cent stamps to
cover cost of mailing. Cloth-bound 31
stamps. Address Dr. R. V. Pierre, Buf-
falo, N. Y.
Mrs. Frank Camfield, of East Dickinson.
Franklin Co., N. V., -writes: " I deem it my
duty to express my deep, heart-felt gratitude to
you for having been the means of restoring me
to health. My troubles were of the wornb — in-
flammatory and bearing-down sensations."
Don't suffer from . constipation. Keep
the body clean inside as well ; as outside. .
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets • cure con-
stipation and > biliousness. They never
gripe. .All good dealers have . them. : .; . ,
_'■ ADVERTISEMENTS. ____^
00000000000000000000000000000000000 oo
v o
o o
0 FPIO]^ OXJPt §
5 Cloak and Suit Department! i
i TO-DAY! TO-DAY! !
o o
o — . o
1 LADIES' JACKETS and CAPES i
O — O
O -At $2.45. • O
Q LADIES' TAN COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, faced with cloth, re- Q
*r duced from $5 to $2 45. " Q
O At"53.45. O
O LADIES' BLACK BOUCLE CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, faced with »ilk, O
_ reduced from $6 00 to $3 45 each. q
O -A.t~^4.©O. °
© LADIES' TAN KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, faced with silk, re- O
q duced from $10 00 to $4 90 each. 0
O At"sl.4s. S
O LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, trimmed with braid, collars edged with thibet fur, A
O • reduced from $2 50 to $1 45 each. v
O At"i4Bs. o
rt LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, lined with silk serge, handsomely braided and q
" beaded, collar and fronts edged with thibet fur, reduced from $7 50 to *f
O $4 95 each. O
% A.t~s7V4:e o
v LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, length 24 inches, lined with silk serge, collar and rt
O fronts edged with thibet fur, reduced from $12 50 to $7 45 each. w
1 % ' At $9.75. o
irt LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, length 27 Inches, lined with silk serge, collar and q
w fronts edged with thibet fur, reduced from $15 00 to $9 75 each. ;r
O - O
I LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS. J
% A.t $1.75. %
\ w LADIES' BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR DRESS SKIRTS, double lined and Zi
i O bound with velvet, reduced from $2 50 to $1 75 each. v
o A.t $2.45. 8
!o A.t $2.45. O
O LADIES' COLORED DRESS SKIRTS, made of fancy suiting, stitched seams, O
_. double lined and bound with velvet, reduced from $4 to $2 45 each. q
0 LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS. f
O °
o At SO Cents. °
! O LADIES' BLACK SATEEN UNDERSKIRTS, with flounce, reduced from O
q $1 00 to 50 cents each. O
2 A.+. $1^95. 2
O LADIES' PRINTED ITALIAN CLOTH UNDERSKIRTS, Spanish flounce, with v
! O three ruffles, reduced from $3 00 to $1 95 each. O
o O
o J±t $2.45. O
rt LADIES' FANCY ITALIAN CLOTH UNDERSKIRTS, Spanish flounce, with . O
corded ruffles, reduced from $3 50 to $2 45 each. , ~
O °
I iF/F Htffct Ofles an^ McAllister Sts^ / .©
q \J* [jr 6an Francisco. / q
j QOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO
Use ■ f^^
Facial Soap J£ y Facial Cream.
Woodbury's Facial Soap. Facial Cream and
Facial and Tooth Powder will be found effica-
clous for preventing Wrinkles, Freckles or
chapping, cleansing and preserving the teeth.
COKE! COKE! COKE!
P. A. MCDONALD,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Telephone South 24.
Donler and Importer of ail brands of COKB.
Yards at HOWARD AND BEALK STS.
—n i i ii» DimTIIDP
jd^afc RUPTURE.
j-S _JSBr USE NO MORE IRON
j£3HEfi| B &gOSS9P^ Hoops or Steel Springs.
B-- : *"s«BgKS9 (£ Rupture retained with ease
H»-*>BBs?<. allrl comfort, and thousands radi-
B /Hi cally CURED by DR. PIERCERS
«L Sjsg x Magnetic Elastic Truss. (CT" Call at
office or write for New Pamphlet No. 1.
MAONETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
620 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
f f
A well-known lawyer of high standing and reputation,
practicing in New York City, states in a very emphatic way:
" There is no doubt whatever that
RIPANS TABULES
tre a good thing. Any one troubled, as I was for years, with
dyspepsia and sour stomach, will find almost instant relief in
nine cases out of ten. I have recommended the Tabules
dozens of times, and the result has been uniformly beneficial
§nd satisfactory."
OOOOOOOOOOOOQ
1 W PALACE '"I
°GRAND hotblsq
BAH PRAMCI9CO.
■** Oeonected by a oover«4 p*aaag«w»7. Jr
0 1400 Room OO With Bath Attached. *■
D All Under On* Management O
: D KOTK TBS P&I0X3: A
OBuropoam Plan. Bl .oo per day and Ttpwavd M
Amartcan Plan.fB.(M> par day and o»wvdQ
{J Correnpondenc* Solicited. n
r> /OSN 0. EI&EPA7BIOS. Xutagw. «
y4.0 O 000000000000000
DR.MCNULTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
. Specialist eurts Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o. Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20 y'rs 1 experience.
I Pntlents cured at Homo. Terms reasonable". Hoars 9
' to3di<lly; 6.30 to 8:30 SnniiaT», 10 to 12. Consul-
! tation free and sacredly confidential. Call, or address
P. ROBCOK «fVn,TV. M.».
£<V ? Kearny St., San Franrlnco. Cal.
BSf i W t>"j %\f tJHffliSI ii"Ti h4iribj i ■ » i
Bf I S>?l EL^KwJM 4 B 8 3 Ji m
56
SATURDAY DECEMBER 31, 1808
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. 3- F-
Telephone Main 18GS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS .217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE «AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In tb's city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week.- By mall $6 per year: per montb
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL, 16 paftes .One year, by mall. $1
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room ISB. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri*ft« Hone*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Butldlnft
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Mootgomery street, corn«r Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
Q:3O o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o^lock
1841 Mission street, open urjtll 10 o'clock 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENT*
Columbia— Minstrel Jubilee.
California — "Guy Mannering."
Alcazar- "A Midnight Bell."
Tivoli— "The Yellow Dwarf."
Morosco's— "The White Squadron."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Comedy— "A Romance of Coon Hollow." .»
The Chutes— Gorilla Man, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olymp'.a — Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Ing!- •- Courslnp Park— Coursing To-day. ■
Mechanics' Pavilion— Masquerade Ball.
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
Recreation Park — Easeball.
Glen Park— Mission Zoo, 'Sunday. .
Metropolitan Hall— Rosenthal Piano Recital, Tuesday even-
ing, January 3.
Oakland Race Track— Races.
GUILTY fIS CHARGED.
A JURY made up of representative men has de
clared Cordelia Botkin guilty of murder. The
verdict will receive approval. Justice will be
satisfied with the fixing of the penalty at imprison
ment for life. While morally on the plane with one
o: the other sex, and as a defendant, equal before
the law, there is an irrepressible tendency to show
deference to a woman even though the blood of inno
cence be on her head.' This is in token of a senti
mentality inborn, and the advocate of capital punish
ment would pause before consenting to its violation.
Therefore the community, weary of travesty, impa
tient of the immunity of the transgressor, will say to
the jury that it has done well.
Alter the preliminaries relative to possible extradi
tion, the trial from the first moved with remarkable
celerity. There was little wasted time save that de
voted to abasing witnesses for the State. The attor
neys for the prisoner must have felt that they had a
hopeless fight, or different tactics would have been
adopted. They would not have devoted hours to
points which could avail them nothing unless by con
fusing the twelve in the box, and the twelve were not
of the material to be confused.
Among assassins the Botkin woman is almost
unique. Apparently shallow, there was shown to be
hi her composition a depth of guile hard to compre
hend. With the gallows looming up before her, she
seemed to be frivolous, unconcerned, at times for
giving. She lied with a nonchalance meant to be
winning. She posed as even-thing she was not; she
was innocence, virtue, kindness. No evil thought
had entered her mind. Yet all the time she knew
the unblemished victims of her plot, a plot as dia
bolical as ever directed by the fury of thwarted lust.
lay dead in a distant State. She i r a monster, devoid
of conscience, of sympathy, of the nobler impulses.
Her egotism has crowded out the good there may
have been in her. To others it worked death, to her
it worked a ruin far worse than death.
To have permitted this social viper to escape would
have been a new shame upon the fair fame of the
State in which justice has received many a blow in
the house of its friend 1 :. There will be in the end
of this evil doer a salutary lesson. Xo crime can be
?o cunningly devised that the criminal may not be
hunted down. An idle word may lead to exposure, a
guilty conscience betray. The most despicable, de
liberate and cowardly murder possible is that in which
poison is the chosen instrument. There will be no
sane pity lavished on Mrs. Botkin. She challenged
fate and it has overtaken and overcome her.
"CANADA ON THE B*INK"
A TORONTO paper in a fit of hysterics pro
claims that the United States intends to ab
sorb Canada. It heads its shriek, "Canada on
the Brink," but could more properly have termed it,
"The Editor Takes a Drink."
Canada is in as much danger of absorption by this
country as she is of being snatched up in a chariot
of tire. Uncle Sam has his hands so full that the
f his own government have to be held in his
teeth. He has Porto Rico, Cuba, the Philippines,
Guam, and here and there some isolated speck which
formerly belonged to somebody else, and the truth
must be confessed that he does not know what to do
with them. It is not simply a case of having enough;
he lias too much. Let Canada possess her troubled
soul in peace. There is no aspiration to sever the
revered apron-string which binds her to her grand
bcr land.
It seems that General Wilson made a speech at
Macon in which he permitted the eagle to soar. He
wanted the "starry flag to float everywhere, from the
frozen north, to the sunny clime of Central America."
The Canadian editor observed the sentiment, and
straightway acquired a case of jimjams. He shouldn't
ha\e nvnded General Wilson. The General was in
dulging in a patriotic figger of speech. We don't
want Canada. We are not bent upon wiping out the
dividing line. We used to have some domestic di
viding lire-, wiped them out, and are satisfied.
Cubans seem to think that they have a right to par
ticipate in the events marking the evacuation of
Havana by the Spanish; and if this country invaded
Cuba in good faith, on behalf of the Cubans, as was
sef forth at the time, the Cuban contention is right.
In the construction of the ferry depot the State lost
only $70,000, and the feilows who caused the State to
lose it not only got the money., but escaped p^inish
ment. There seems to be an opportunity for con
gratulations all around.
It is cheering to notice that the cjuiser Buffalo
has broken a record. Heretofore it had broken noth
ing more than its own machinery-
Senator Butler of North Carolina must already be
gin to be sorry that he spoke.
EX-CONFEDERATE PENSIONS.
THE recent Southern tour of the President
brought out the hearty feeling of nationality in
that section and gave a needed sense of the ab
solute security of the Union and the passing of the
lost cause forever.
Men who have chosen to rise above the influence
of prejudice have long desired that the martial inci
dents of our civil strife should be placed in history as
the common heritage of the American people. The
soldiers of the South and of the North met and fought
and died, like men, each for a cause and an idea.
i Each proved the courage and fighting resources of the
! race, and their strife notified the world that, united
: under one flag and for one cause, the men of the two
sections could beard the embattled nations and for
ever defend their country against the joint armies of
the world.
It is pleasant now to have all this recognized, and to
have a Northern man able to say it without being
i taunted as a rebel sympathizer, and a Southern man
without being hounded as a traitor to the lost cause.
Out of this agreeable situation that has been cre
ated by the skill and address of the President has
issued the Quixotic proposition that Confederate vet
erans be admitted to the national pension roll on
j terms of equality with the Union soldiers. Senator
| Butler of North Carolina, who is not a Confederate
i or any other kind of a veteran, has introduced a bill
tc that effect.
There has long been a feeling that the pension list,
'. which now requires nearly our whole income from
customs duties to pay it, is on a scale too extrava
gant for even our great resources and tax-paying
1 power. Politicians have gone on inventing new
classes of pensioners until the immense appropriation
! for that purpose has become a menace to many other
; interests.
Twenty years ago, when General Garfield reported
the pension appropriation bill, which called for thirty
i eight millions, he said to the House that he was aware
that it would startle the country, but that he was able
to say that in that bill the pension appropriation had
j reached high water mark and from that point would
i progressively decline. Instead of declining it has ad
ivancedto one hundred and forty-eight millions a
: year, and is still increasing. Up to this time no mcm
i ber of Congress has dared propose a remedy. None
has had the courage to attempt a restoration of the
original idea and purpose of a military pension.
I Originally the system was provided to make good a
i soldier's self-supporting capacity to the extent to
i which it had been impaired by wounds or disease suf
j fered in his country's service, and to care for depen
| dent parents, widows or minor children deprived of
i their support by the loss of life or capacity caused by
I military service. There is every reason to believe that
if this idea were restored the pension appropriation
! would decline to less than fifty millions a year. When
! Garfield made his pledge to the country that idea was
! still the spirit of our pension laws. But it is now no
| longer considered.
It will easily appear, then, that instead of admitting
Confederates to our pension roll we should purge it
of thousands who are not in physical need of the
bounty.
Acts of amity and forgiveness are praiseworthy.
But expressions of that spirit should not be accom
panied by demands for money. It is unfortunate that
Senator Butler has attempted to turn a friendly and
patriotic situation to such uses.
There is, however, a modified proposition that is
deserving of support. The nation has many Soldiers'
Homes to which the decrepit and disabled Confeder
ate veterans may be properly admitted to be cared
for.
The first of these homes was founded at George
town, in the District of Columbia, by the tribute
which General Scott levied on the City of Mexico
when it surrendered to his assault. Northern and
Southern soldiers fought there side by side, and their
common valor won the endowment of that home.
The disabled veterans of the Confederacy surely may
find there a shelter to which they have a hereditary
right, and, if there, why not in any other of these
homes in which there is ample room and where their
presence would be beneficial and proper?
We note with pleasure that the G. A. R. posts are
petitioning to have this done. There is not a Union
veteran who, on the battle-field, would have refused to
share the water in his canteen with a wounded Con
federate with whom he had just been in death-dealing
conflict. To share with him also the protection of
these homes is simply an extension of that gallant
spirit of humanity, and it ought to be done.
A KANSON COMPLICATION.
KANSAS is once more bleeding, and this time
the dripping gore seems to be in the nature of
a bloody sweat. She has in her penitentiaries
fifty-nine convicts under sentence of death for murder,
while in the office of Governor she has a bland phil
anthropist who, being opposed to capital punishment,
refuses to sign death warrants. Moreover, her newly
elected Governor is of the same mild philosophy, and
Kansas sees before her another series of years during
which she will collect and store up murderers in her
prisons until she has a collection unrivaled for its
number and variety.
Kansas, however, desires no such collection. She
is not a faddist on the subject of murderers, and that
is why she bleeds. Her Legislature is now engaged
in trying to force the Governor to sign death warrants
or get out of office. A bill to that effect has been in
troduced into the Assembly, and there is reported to
be a strong probability of its passage. The bill de
prives the Governor of his option with respect to the
execution of persons sentenced to death, and makes
it mandatory upon him to sign warrants for execu
tion.
A report from the center of the disturbance at
Topeka states that the Governor has declared his will
ingness to sign the bill if it passes the Legislature,
because he will be out of office before it could go into
effect, and he, therefore, will not be called upon to
sign the warrants. That duty would devolve upon his
successor. From this it appears that the Governor
is not opposed to the execution of murderers, but
only to signing the warrants for their execution. If
he can shift that work upon some one else he is per
fectly willing to see the death penalty enforced.
Here is a curious case of casuistry. A man has
scruples of conscience against the death penalty and
will not sign warrants for that purpose, but, knowing
that his successor in office has similar scruples, he is
willing to approve a bill which will compel that suc
cessor to sign the warrants or to get out of office.
As a matter of fact, the Governor's approval of the
bill before the Legislature is virtually equivalent to
signing the death warrant of the whole collection of
murderers now in prison. He is willing to sign that,
but not willing to sign a single warrant. Clearly a
conscience so delicately adjusted as that is enough to
make Kansas bleed and howl.
With all due respect to the conscience of the pres
ent and that of the incoming Governor, fifty-nine per
sons under sentence of death at one time is too many
for a State of the size, population and general cul
ture of Kansas. To have to put them all to death at
one swoop is to require her to enact something like
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1898.
a massacre, and yet if she does not consent to the
massacre now it will have to be a holocaust later on.
The collection is increasing too fast.
TO question the verity of announcements made of
discoveries in science ill becomes the lay mind.
Some recent discoveries were only a few months
ago scoffed at as impossible. Thus when an extraor
dinary statement is made the wisdom of the un
believer is shown in the holding of his peace.
In the first place, medical research made clear that
diseases were due to the presence of germs.
Phthisis, fever, stomachache, baldness, senility and sin
are each represented in the human system by a set of
minute and malicious organisms. Cure,, of course,
consists in wooing these from their living habitat and
expelling them into an outer and uncongenial en
vironment, where they perish miserably or hunt out
a new victim.
Ever since the finding of these bacilli science, lull
armed for war, has been upon their trail. Now it
claims to have caught up with the festive destroyers
of health and happiness, and to be prepared
not simply to expel but to slay them. At the
touch of the force which is to be his undoing the
baffled bacillus will curl up and die so quickly as
never to know what struck him. It is a cheering pros
pect. Farewell to pain, to potions and to pills.
Good-by to wickedness and woe. We will live forever
and be always young. Chief Lees will renew his
youth.
The potent force, as any one may surmise, is elec
tricity. One million volts are to be turned loose in the
ailing human frame, going through it like a streak of
greased lightning and slaughtering bacteria at every
jump. Whether it is to be captured as it emerges and
utilized again as a curative agent or employed to run
the engines of the world has not been revealed. There
is also but a shady inkling as to how the human
frame, wont, as it is, to wither when accidentally re
ceiving a dose of 2000 volts, is to be fortified against
the presence of a superior quantity. If the concen
trated million volts were to fly the track while mak
ing its tour of a patient and attempt a short cut to the
exterior there would in all likelihood be mischief
wrought to that patient so marked that the bacillus
would have the laugh on him.
These speculations, however, are almost frivolous.
Science has accomplished great things, and as there
were some left to be accomplished nobody at the
present stage has the right to say she has not been
adding to the record. There may be doubt, but to
express it would be unseemly. We would go no
further than to suggest that when this million-volt re
juvenator is first turned loose it be tried on an un
v.orthy person under sentence to electrocution. Then
if the mechanism slip a cog and the bacilli and the
tissue nurturing them are snuffed out simultaneously,
no harm will be done.
AT a ioint meeting of the Committees on Health
and Police, Licenses and Streets of the Board
of Supervisors on Thursday it was decided to
amend the ordinance regulating the height ot ad
vertising billboards so as to impose a license of 5
cents pef square foot upon all of them which rise
over twenty-two feet above the sidewalk. Thus
changed, the measure will be reported to the board
with a favorable recommendation.
This is a compromise of the original proposition
and is eminently unsatisfactory. If the billboard
owners think that any such arrangement is going to
satisfy the public they will later on find themselves
mistaken. They may succeed in getting their ridicu
lous ordinance through the Board of Supervisors, but
even if Mayor Phelan signs it — which is not prob
able—the whole subject will be ripped up in the next
board and new legislation proposed.
The demand in this case is for shorter billboards,
the elimination of every kind from certain localities
and a license fax upon all. Nothing less than this will
satisfy anybody except the billposters. The high
billboards are a dangerous nuisance, and, sooner or
later, like the Chinese, they will have to "go." There
are portions of the city where they never should be
permitted at all. If an ordinance such as we suggest
were now upon the statute books the unsightly nui
sance which is certain to inclose the Baldwin Hotel
for months would be forbidden.
As for a license tax, that has been argued again and
again with but a single result. We agree with an
evening contemporary that justice demands the impo
sition of a license tax upon billboards. These adver
tising devices pay nothing toward the support of the
government, yet they are more profitable than many
lines of business which are heavily taxed. They give
practically no employment to anybody, and besides
bcil g dangerous in many cases, they are always a
rank arrd horrible offense to the eyes and senses.
There is not the slightest excuse for exempting them
from taxation.
Another point justifies their regulation, and taxa
tion. They compete with all forms of legitimate ad
vertising and draw their revenue from lines of busi
ness which are licensed and heavily taxed. It is an
uiiiust discrimination to pass any such ordinance as
is under discussion. Business men and taxpayers
generally have a right to protest against a system
which taxes them and exempts almost entirely from
the burdens of government a profitable industry.
The public demand for an equitable ordinance will
not be satisfied with the puny thing reported by these
committees. Therefore it is idle to pass it. The Su
pervisors will do well to throw it in the waste-basket.
The mere fact of having been a witness in the Bod
kin case was insufficient excuse for the insults heaped
upon those so unfortunate as to have been called.
To term a spectacled woman who works for a living
"a goggle-eyed pot walloper" was not a proud
achievement, nor one to be defended on any ground.
The San Luis Obispo constable who arrested three
innocent boys on a charge of horse-stealing is now
under arrest himself, but says he does not know why.
At least he can understand how the boys felt.
Perish the thought that a man whose motives are
so pure as Dennery's and whose methods so above
reproach should wickedly be deprived of a seat to
which admiring constituents elected him.
The political future of ex-Governor Merriam of
Minnesota seems to hang on the whim of the wife of
Cushman K. Davis, and the dirty linen of both fami
lies to hang on the line in full view.
Now the Board of Supervisors has an excellent
chance to get into contempt and then into jail. This
is the first semi-respectable opportunity afforded it
for getting behind the bars.
Without wishing to be too sanguine, we venture
that this country will be able to endure even the hos
tility of the French press.
In Iceland there are no prisons. Iceland might
naturally be looked upon by Dan Burns as a haven of
refuge
WONDERS OF SCIENCE.
(\ POOR COMPROMISE.
RANCH AND RURAL LIFE.
The experience of stock men in this State for the last year will give a
great impetus to the raising of alfalfa. The losses in live stock which come
in a dry year, and could be averted by artificial production of forage, will
have a tendency to put thousands of acres of grain land into alfalfa wher
ever that crop can be irrigated. The keeping quality of alfalfa hay is a
great recommendation. It stands in the stack for years with its nutritive
quality unimpaired. The outside will weather and turn gray, but a few
inches under this the hay is as green in color and as sound as the day it
was stacked. The extension of alfalfa acreage will check the spread of
vineyards and orchards in the irrigable valleys, and so have a conservative
effect by repressing the fear of overplanting of trees and vines.
A new domestic industry is springing up in California in the manufac
ture of chutney sauces. The peppers and spices used in these famous East
Indian sauces are produced here as well as there, and the product is making
its appearance through the Woman's Exchanges.
It is estimated that all the merchantable pine timber east of the Mis
souri River will be harvested and marketed within the next fifteen years
and that the supply on the Pacific Coast will be exhausted in forty years.
As far as California is concerned there is no need of ever exhausting tho
supply. By intelligent care the crop of forest timber can be reproduced
and grown so as to keep pace with the demand. If the people will get it
into their heads that timber should be treated as a crop, they will no
more think of abolishing that crop by wasteful harvesting than of cutting
their orange and peach orchards to harvest the fruit. The first thing to
be done here is to protect our forests from fire. If it will take forty years
to chop them down, fire can destroy them all in ten years at the present
rate of destruction.
Our ranchers who have to consider the value of a variety of field crops
for rotation should give more attention to broom corn. There is a largo
importation from the East. In lowa, Illinois and Kansas this crop is bring
ing this year $70 a ton. The seed is taken off and used for poultry feed;
for which purpose it is the equal of wheat or Egyptian corn.
The United States Weather Bureau publishes a table of the weignt of
water per acre by inches of precipitation. This table should be pr< I
for reference by every rancher in California, whether he depends on irri
gation or the clouds:
.25 inch 28 tons 2.25 inches 255 tons
.50 inch 56 tons 2.50 inches 283 tons
.75 inch 85 tons 2.75 inches 311 tuns
1.00 inches 113 tons 3.00 inches 339 tons
1.25 inches 141 tons ! 4.00 inches 452 tons
1.50 inches 170 tons j 5.00 inches 565 tons
1.75 inches 198 tons 6.00 inches 678 tons
2.00 inches 226 tons
In this reckoning 200 imperial gallons are estimated at one ton of 2009
pounds. The average rainfall tor this season for the whole State is 3
inches; the average per acre therefore is 339 tons, or 67,800 gallons. As each
inch of water is 22.600 gallons, an irrlgator can estimate the amount in 'gal
lons and tons he is putting on his land.
Mr. Roberts, an Inyo County dairyman in Round Valley, has built a sub
stantial stone silo for the storage of ensilage for green winter feed for
his herd. If equal foresight were shown by dairymen in other parts of the
State and less reliance on the varying seasons for forage the State would
need to import less dairy products than now.
The Record Union says that a considerable crop of oranges was raised
at Folsom this year and sold for $3 2S a box in San Francisco. Truly the
all-California orange is coming to the front.
"We import largely from China the cumquat preserve. It is made of a
small mandarin orange put up in a heavy syrup. These small oranges
crO w and fruit well here. The tree is only about five feet in height and
is an ornament when full of the tiny, yellow fruit. We can make our own
cumquat.
Oakdale, San Joaquin County, reports a large and excellent orange crop.
Next.
The fruit canners and driers, who pit their product, have been at a
loss what use to make of the tons of pits they accumulate. There has been
a limited legitimate market at the nurseries for planting for grafting Bto< ks
and an illegitimate trade in peach, apricot and nectarine pits to the con
fectioners, who use them as a substitute for almonds. But now the Pasa
dena Star says they have come into use as fuel. Peach pits sell for that pur
pose at $6 a ton and apricots at $5. At canneries it will be found that these
pits will supply the fuel needed in operating the machinery, thus effecting a
considerable economy.
Well-Fargo shipped 1500 packages of celery as presents to its employes.
The celery, was grown in the peat lands south of Anaheim.
The citric acid factory at North Ontario has been closed. The reason
given is that the lemons carry a lower percentage of the acid that limes,
from which it is usually made. This is rather strange, because citric acid
is profitably made in the East from imported lemons that are decayed
and unsalable, and there are factories at National City and La Mirada, in
San Diego County, that are running profitably on cull lemons.
Serapian Brothers, at Fresno, have so improved the curing of California
figs as to get nearly the price of the imported article. They are Armenians
and followed the fig trade in Greece. They propose next year to operate
largely and will buy the fig crop on the trees.
W. F. Burllngame, National City, gets $250 an acre for the peas raised
between the rows of trees in his young orchard. That is the answer to the
question, "What shall I live on before my orchard bears?"
The San Diego Union says that Mr. Dixon's pineapple plantation at
Point Loma and Mr. Sheldon's fields are covered with lath sheds or thin
cloth, to equalize the temperature. The shedding costs about $500 per acre,
and an acre grows ten thousand plants. A six-pound pineapple brings
75 cents.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Ralph Dean of New York is at the Occi
dental.
J. C. Sims of Santa Rosa is a guest at
the Lick.
F. M. Brooks of Butte is registered at
the Grand.
Peter J. Shields of Sacramento is at
the Grand.
Dr. H. L. Pace and wife of Tulare are
at the Palace.
Edwin Mayo of Canton, Pa., is a guest
at the Palace.
State Senator J. H. Seawall of Ukiah
is at the Grand.
F. F. Plowden of Portland is registered
at the Occidental.
State Senator C. M. Simpson of Pasa
dena is at the Grand.
H. A. Jasto of Bakersfleld, chairman
of the Board of Supervisors, is staying at
the Grand.
Lester L. Morse of Santa Clara, a prom
inent citizen of that place, is a guest at
the California.
J. A. Foshay, Superintendent of Public
Schools of Los Angeles County, is regis
tered at the Lick.
J. B. Roby of Detroit is at the Palace.
"vVillard H. Brownson, U. S. N., and
family are at the Palace.
J. W. Warrack. a prominent railroad
man from Sacramento, is at the Occi
dental.
J. W. Adams of the Chicago and Alton
Railroad, who was recently injured in a
•wreck on the Canadian Pacific, arrived
at the Occidental yesterday.
The members of
the Sazrac Lying
Club are in dis
grace. This well
known and very
unique social or
ganization meets
THE
SAZRAC LYING
CLUB.
every night at 11
o'clock in the grillroom of the Palace.
Its membership is limited to six, but it
can be safely paid that six moro princely
liars were never banded together for the
purpose of escaping the truth. Its mem
bers consist of four prominent mining
men, one wealthy wholesale cigar mer
chant and an ordinary reporter. The by
laws of the club provide that when the
club is in session no member shall tell
the truth without being fined, and that
every member shall to the best of his
ability vilify all other members. An
other strange law of the club is that
every member, whenever the organiza
tion is in Bession, is addressed by some
ridiculous nickname more or less appro
priate. A member of the club is always
permitted to bring with him to these
nightly gatherings a friend, provided that
friend is rated as a second class liar.
Last night at the session of the Sazrac
President Highballs introduced a travel
ing man from Oshkosh, who is staying at
the Palace. It so happened that the sub
ject of pictures and the cost of the same
was under discussion. Finally, when the
liars had concluded and were about to
adjourn, the stranger said:
"Gentlemen, I have listened to your
remarks with much pleasure, and while
I am not an art critic, yet I have in mind
a certain portrait that was painted some
years ago that cost more than any of
those that have been mentioned. It is a
picture of my grandfather. He was a
farmer back in Missouri. One day a
traveling sign painter came along, and
being short of cash offered to paint my
grandfather's picture if he would give
him a meal. My ancestor jumped at the
bargain and the picture was painted. That
was fifty years ago, and since that time
that portrait has cost the family several
thousand dollars. Its real value was per
hps a half dollar, but such an artist was
that sign painter and so natural was that
picture of my grandfather that the fam
ily have to have it shaved three times a
STATE NOTES.
week, to say nothing of a hair cut once
a month."
The president adjourned the club with
out any remarks, and the members silent
ly shook the hand of the stranger and
departed.
Banker J. H. Barber of San Diego is
registered at the Grand.
E. Macintosh, a mining man from Sac
ramento, is at the California.
Lev! "Woodbury and wife of Washing
ton. D. C, are at the Palace.
R. E. M. Strickland, a miner from Spo
kane, is registered at the Palace.
Rev. J. "W. Dinsmore of San Jose regis
tered at the Occidental yesterday.
H. Z. Osborne, a newspaper man of
Los Angeles, is at the California.
J. F. Burch, a prominent railroad man
from Concord, is a guest at the Lick.
Dr. S. J. Call, of the United States
steamer Bear, is a guest at the Grand.
D. T. Davies, who is interested in coal
mines at Carbonado, is at the Palace.
Major George Goodfellow of General
Shaffer's staff arrived in the city from
the East yesterday. He was the surgeon
in charge of Santiago after the surrender.
Miss Ada Gilmore, daughter of Super
intendent Gilmore of the Missouri Paci
fic Railway, returned to the Palace yes
terday from a visit to Del Monte and San
Diego. She will be here for ten days.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Dec. 30.— Arthur Steel of
San Francisco is at the Grand. Miss A.
Livingston of San Francisco is at the Hol
land. V. P. Blair and R. J. Terry of San
Francisco are at the Gerard. ■
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
OREGON VOLUNTEERS-S. E. M.,
Oakland, Cal. At army headquarters iYi
San Francisco it is stated that the First
and Second regiments of Oregon Volun
teers went to Manila.
FARMS— E. 8.. City. The information
asked for in relation to the number of
farms of various kinds in the State of
Calfiornia is not to be found in tabulated
form, but could be obtained from the
office of the Secretary of State by em
ploying some one to examine the reports
of the Assessors of the several counties.
RED CROSS NURSES— A. S. G., City.
The Red Cross nurses wear the dress
that is usually worn by trained nurses,
g-pneraly black, or, if the temperature
requires, light colored calicoes, with white
cuffs, apron and cap. The only distinctive
badge they wear is the brassard, which
Is a red cross on a white ground.
THE VOLUNTEER ARMY-A. S., San
Jose, Cal. Lieutenant J. J. Keppel and
wife have left the Salvation Army and |
have gone to the Volunteer Army. Lieu- I
tenant Keppel is in charge of the Middle i
West, which embraces Michigan, part of '■
Ohio and Kentucky. In San Francisco i
the army has a membership of about
forty. _
VIRTUE OF GEMS— Helen, City. In
Germany turquoise is the favorite for |
the engagement ring. It is supposed to ;
prevent dissension between man and wife
and warns? them when danger approaches, j
The diamond is an antidote for tempta- ■
tion by the evil one. Ruby imparts bray- ]
cry in the wearer. The topaz Is a pre- j
ventive against poisons. The amethyst i
is a preventive against drunkenness. The
turquoise is also credited with the power ;
to counteract the evil eye. The sardonyx
is both a curse and a blessing.
CENSUS— Subscriber, City. Census
marshals for the public schools are ap
pointed on'or prior to the first of May of
each year and the work of taking the cen
sus commences shortly after the date
given. There is no census of the city
and county of San Francisco other than
that taken at the time the Federal or
United States census is taken. That cen
sus is taken every ten 'years. Who will
have charge of the United States census
in San t ranciseo is not known at this
time, nor will it be known until the United
States census marshal shall have been
appointed to take the census for 1900 and
he has appointed his subordinates.
SPAIN'S FUG
TO BE LOWERED
IN THIS CITY
Havana Ceremonies to
Be Repeated Here.
AN IMPRESSIVE PROGRAMME
MARTIAI MUSIC AND ORATORY
WILL BE FEATURES.
The Cuban League and William H.
West's Entire Minstrel Company
to Participate in the
Celebration.
Evacuation day will be fittingly cele
brated in this city to-morrow morning
by the Cuban League, aided by William
H. West and his entire company and
band, with martial music, patriotic
speeches and booming cannon.
Mayor Phelan has ordered the stars and
stripes raised over the City Hall In honor
of the day, and ceremonies of an impres
sive character will be inaugurated in
Union-square Park, corner Stockton and
Post streets, under the auspices of both
organizations.
The lowering of Spain's flag, which has
floated for many centuries over Cuba's
oppressed people, and the raising of the
national emblem will be an important
part of the celebration. The important
ceremony that will be enacted in Cuba's
capital at 12 o'clock on the important day
is to be reproduced' in its entirety in this
city to-morrow morning. A special wire
will be placed on the platform, and.tho
moment the Spanish flag is lowered a
telegraphic signal will announce the fact,
and it will be repeated here. A salute of
twenty-one guns will accompany the rais
ing and lowering of both flags. It is
probable that this picturesque ceremony
will be performed at 9 o'clock sharp, a3
the difference in time between here and
Havana is about three hours. •
A committee of the Cuban League or
San Francisco, which is a branch of. the
famous organization formed in New York
before the beginning of hostilities, has
been working hard to make the occasion
a memorable one. Superintendent of
Streets Ambrose gave the committee per
mission to use Union square for the cere
monies and Mayor Phelan granted the
members of the league permission to tire
Kfi lilt f*S
Mayor Phelan, Samuel M. Shortridge,
Colonel Eddy and other distinguished ora
tors are scheduled to deliver addresses.
Patriotic music and singing will be a big
feature of the programme. The leading
soloists of Mr. West's company .will ren
der national melodies.
The Cuban League of San Francisco
was formed in this city on the 18th day
of December, 1896. Its object was to gain
the sympathy of residents of the entire
State in behalf of the natives of Cuba,
wh« were suffering from Spanish mis
rule. In this they were entirely success
ful as a petition sent throughout the
State, asking Congress to recognize the
starving Cubans, was signed by nearly
25,000 people. This was sent to Congress
man Morgan, who presented it with ap
propriate resolutions to the lower o house.
The following well-known citizens are
active members of the organization:
Mayor J. D. Phelan, Professor Brown, Joseph
s-3 arms £« gsg *££
H L. Barnes. William M. Bunker, James H.
Barry A. P. Van Duzer. Fisher Ames, H. E.
Hijhton 7T. B. Cunningham, William H. Mills.
Daniel A. McCoglan. R. P. Clement. .H. W.
Hutton. W. P. Doollttle. Henry B. Livingston,
Colonel Charles L. Taylor Colonel Edd>,
Samuel Shortridge, James W. Orndorff. Dr. I).
D Lustig, W. D. Crow, Edward S. Salomon,
E R Garber. I. J. Truman, Fred Stauae. R.
I." Whelan. G. C. Groezinger, Gavin McN'ab,
Charles W. Reed. .
Its officers are: John H. Jones, president;
Faust E. Mascherlni, secretary, ana M. A.
Froment, treasurer. The executive commit
tee is composed of the following gentlemen:
D E. Bohannon, G. Almagia, Cay. Joseph
Calegaris, Dr. William Clark T. A. Ner
ney, W. R. Charlton. B. C. Palmlerl, T. B.
Cunningham, C. T. McGlaehan, E. DeU Ara,
A Meyer, Thomas V. Tomannvich, G. Mal
piede, H. J. Osthiemer, Arthur W. Calls, W.
H Jordan, A. Seraflni. G. T. Gaden. A. D.
Jones. Charles M. Shortridge.
Watch Night Services.
An old time watch meeting will be held
at Starr King African Methodist Episco
pal Church, on Stockton street, near Sac
ramento, beginning at 9 o'clock to-night.
The meeting will be under the direction
of the pastor. Rev. T. Brown, and will
consist of a special New Year s revival,
with novel features and the singing of
old time songs.
Sarah Thome's Will.
The "missing will" of Sarah Thorne, in
accordance with an order issued by Judge
C'offev was produced and filed yesterday.
The contest of Sarah L. Phillips, a niece
of the deceased actress, to the application
to admit a subsequent will to probate is
now ready to proceed.
Our famous broken candy, 3*4 lbs-, in
handsome Jpnese bskts, s','c. Townsend 3.*
Soft baby cream, 15c lb. Townsenl's.*
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c
Ib in fire etched boxes or Japanese bas
kets. 627 Market st.. Palace Hotel bldg.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), rio Mont
gomery street. ■ Telephone Main li>42. *
Old Gentleman (dictating an indignant
letter)— Sir: My stenographer, being a
lady cannot take down what I think of
you I being a gentleman, cannot think
ft: but you. being neither, can easily
guess my thoughts.— Philadelphia Public
Ledger. ' _____
No New Years table is complete without a
bottle of Dr. Slegert'a Angostura Bitters, the
great South American tonic of exquisite flavor.
ACKER'S ENGIiISH REMKDY IS BEYOND
question the greatest of all modern renWu<s.
It will cure a cough or cola immediately or
money t*ek. At Owl Drag Co.
Didderson— Did you attend the lecture
of Professor Hardhead on "Grip, a Mal
ady of the Imagination?"
Biddereau He Sid not lecture.
"Why not?"
"Down with the grip."— New York
We» Uly.
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking powders are the greatest
menacers to health of the present day.A SQUAM IS
BOSS OF HER
INDIAN CREW
Sealer Enterprise Puts
in for Repairs.
NIPPON MARU WELL MANNED
HER ENGLISH CREW DUPLICAT
ED WITH JAPAN ZSE.
Torpedo-Boat Destroyer Farragut Has
Been Accepted by the Govern
ment and Goes to Mare
Island To-Day.
The British scaling: schooner Enterprise
ly to procure a new
bomb gun. She was out in the north
r and had a very rough time of it,
•plain Anderson decided to run for
The Enterprise rame here from
Kyuquot [aland and has an Indian crew.
There n of them and the boss of
the party w. Wh< n it came to
hiring the hunters the woman would not
let them go unless she went along and
given a man's pay. When the boats
ila the woman takes
in r place .is boatsteerer and she docs tht
work" splendidly. Captain Anderson says
man on the schooner and
he would -.< • mind having a crew of
lws, it they were all like her.
During the storm the Enterprise was
under snug canvas and, although the
■wind did blow TO mil< s an hour, not a
thing \\;>.s carried away. Now that the
port the captain and his
crew of five whites will see the old year
1 th< new year in ashore, while the
;.a will be given a rial holiday din
.
The Toyo Kisen Kaisha's new steamer
Nippon Maru. due here on January 13, has
no lack of officers aboard. When she left
Knglund for Yokohama all the officers
were shipped under a two years' con
tract. The laws of Japan require ail offi
cers of Japanese vessels to hold a Japa
nese certificate, but when the Nippon
Maru reached Tokio the men refused to
run any chances with a Japanese exam
ination. Both the captain arid chief en
gineer had their papers, but in order that
the steamor could get away on her sched
ule time, December 27, the company had
to ship a second crew of Japanese navi
gators and engineers. They ought to
have an easy time of it on that steamer,
If it does not prove a case of "too many
cooks spoiling the broth."
Uncle Sam is satisfied with the torpedo
boat destroyer Farragut, built by the
Union Iron Works, and to-day she goes
to Mare Island to be turned over to the
naval authorities. The tug Reliance will
tow her up to the navy yard and on New
Year's day she will form part of the
United States navy.
The gunboat Wheeling came from the
navy yard yesterday. On the second of
the year she will start for the Bering
Sea to keep an eye on the seal hunters
during the coming season.
The barkentine S. G. Wilder left Hono
lulu on December 12 and the S. N. Cas
tle followed her to sea the next day. Cap
tains McNeil and Hubbard are old rivals
and many a hotly contested race have
they sailed. Before leaving they said they
would celebrate New Year's in San Fran
cisco. When two barkentinee were re
ported yesterday afternoon it was thought
they might be the two racers, but when
otic of them was made out to be the 'Jam
<>' Shanter all Interest In them was lost.
The chances are that both the captains
will spend Now Year's day at sea, as the
prevailing northwest wind will keep them
off shore.
tain ! '!:.irks Hall has taken com
mand of the Bteamer Protection ami will
run her in the Coos Bay trade. Captain
Hall waa for years with the Pacific Coast
panv and was later master
I. He has not been to sea
long time and his many frlenus
along the front will be glad to see him
In harness aj
LORYEA ARRESTED.
Charged with Obtaining Goods on
false Pretenses.
J. Loryea went to Oakland and cashed
k. for all of which he was booked
-v the City Prison yesterday and forced
to give $100 for his liberation. John
riekak of Oakland, a restaurateur, who
claims thj.t Loryoa worked a bogus check
m, caused the arrest. He said yes
terday:
"Loryea ran into my restaurant just
v. > i n I was leaving and asked me to
oblige him by cashing a check. It was
drawn for Jl'T 60. and being somewhat ac
ied with him 1 gave him the money.
.\ few daya jater it wa-s n turned to me
marked 'no funds.' I sent my man to
Ban Francisco, and Loryea could not be
1 am confident now that
he was dodging us. I sent my man next
day and Loryea had left word that the
thing Bhould be fixed up at once. I tele
phoned to him on another occasion, and
he promised to Bend the money forthwith.
1 heard nothing of him. and two days
i received a telephone message from
1 im that he would come over at once
ay tin- check. He has never shown
he is evidently not doing the
right thing by me r>r acting in a decent
manner I decided to have him arrested
i'>r embezzlement."
"I cannot understand being 1 charged
with obtaining property by false pre
tenses," Mid Lor; a. "About three weeks
got v check from Fred S. Adams
lor $2766. He owed me $12 65. and I
handed him $1' back. I forgt. I what bank
the check wa- drawn on. I waa In Oak
n.-.t day rind wont to the Gas
Kitch< n to bave something to eat, as I
(i . when ovei there. I wanted
the che k cashed and asked them if they
would <'o it. and they did. I had occa
sion to go to my ranch and (~U~ not return
till a day or two ago, and th i I learned
that Lhe check had been presented at
': ;; nk ar.d that it was worthless. I
led rolng over to pay it and was
d to be arrc-sted on a -war-
A PROTEST IGNORED.
It Leads to Trouble for Street Con
tractors.
:reme Court has affirmed the
md order denying a new trial
il Of he City Street Improve
v tsu« William Babcock.
vu rendered by Justice
>;tte and Van Fleet con
g.
The action was bi ought upon a street
City Street Improve
ment secured the contract for
street work *r city. Within ten days
md publication of the
:< ; n a majority of the
property owners along the line of the
fmprovemt , ,l ; . gainst the work,
but th >■■ mpanj wi | oi with it.
A suit on the ment was brought
againsi WllUam .-k, but the Su
preni mnd that no lien had been
creati'l because the protest Khould have
been considered by tn< . : ijii^rvlsors, who
;.:i(l v.« authority to i tinue Die work
and award the contract under the filing
of the protest.
The decision affects man:.- contracts in
this State, where tho work has been pros
: under similar clrc umytances.
Luriine Salt Water Baths,
Push and Larkln st». Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub Laths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
Admitted to Practice.
Tw^nty-sfvon applicants out of a total
■if fifty-nine were successful in their ex
•iinin;U!ons yesterday and were admitted
t< practice In the courts of this State by
Supreme Court. Following are their
■ ; orge D. Smith, San Jose; -Mon
nd Cblco; J. T. Ronan, Sacramento;
win Weske, Santa Rosa; J. s.
Sacramento; Francis V. Keeslir.g,
Francisco: William W. Wilson, Santa
Cruz; Hei.ry W. B. Taylor, Alameda; Ai
RUNNING FOR PORT BEFORE A NORTHER.
r-pHE British Columbia sealing schooner Enterprise came in from sea yesterday. Captain Anderson's os-
I tensible purpose was to secure a bomb gan, but now that the vessel is here he and his crew will see
1 the old year out and the ne . year in ashore. There are eleven Indians in the crew and they are
bossed by a squaw. She takes her place in the boats when out hunting and Captain Anderson says she is
"the best man in the ship."
bion A. Martin, Gilroy: W. F. Ford, Co
lusa; C. F. Kimball, San Francisco;
Gladys S. Burroughs, Susanville; Alfred
Parker Fraser, Stockton: George Knox,
Napa; Wilber M. Gardner, Santa Cruz;
Llllie If. Alexander, San Jose; J. E. Mur
phy, San Francisco; Austin Lewis, Oak
land; Thomas A. Drlscoll, Oakland;
Helen L. Kaufman, Oakland; J. D. Millar,
Oakland: William Stuart Fleming. Napa;
H. D. Pillsbury. San Francisco: Elmer W.
Armfield, Woodland; Daniel E. Mooney,
San Francisco; E. Leo Lawrence. San
Francisco; Joseph E. Berry. Santa Rosa.
A POINTED LETTER.
Weather Chief Moore Writes One Re
garding Work Done by His Office.
Hugh Craig, president of the San Fran
cisco Chamber of Commerce, is in receipt
of a letter from Willis L. Moore, Chief of
Weather Bureau at Washington, D. C,
in which the latter refers to an article
which appeared in the Sacramento Rec
ord-Union, in which it is advocated that
the Legislature be urged to place at the
disposal of the Regents of the University
of California $25,000 to inaugurate a thor
ough investigation Into the great prob
lem of rainfall and water supply of the
State.
The paper strongly urged that the ap
propriation be made because it will be
folly to await slow action on the part of
the "Washington bureaus, and there is not
at Washington as yet profound interest
in the climatology of this coast.
Chief Moore in his pithy communication
takes issue with the Record-Union on its
published statements, and charges it with
being unfair In view of the fact that the
Weather Bureau has made an investiga
tion into the dependence of the Pacific
Coast's precipitation upon temperature
conditions of the Aleutian Islands; that it
has vigorously prosecuted every line of
inquiry that promises beneficent results
to the coast, and that sfeveral of its ablest
scientific men are now investigating this
very problem.
"I beg to state," continues Mr. Moore,
"that seven of the sixteen metereological
stations recently authorized by Congress
were by direction of the Secretary of Ag
riculture placed along the Rocky Moun
tain plateau and in California, with the
object of giving better protection to the
great fruit interests of California. The
locating of a station at Mount Tamalpais
war, done with a view of improving the
rain forecasts for the region of Califor
nia."
Watch Service 10-Night.
Rev. J. A. B. Wilson will hold a watch
service to-nlftht at Howard M. K. Church,
where the Salvation Army v.ill attend in
force. The doctor will preach on "New*
Year's Resolutions."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
Himjftdi MtatiMt
PREVENTS HEMORRHOIDS
and CURES CONSTIPATION
i
GET THE GENUINE. .
WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 31, 189b.
HON, VAN FLEET
HAS DECLINED
A GREAT HONOR
Is Offered Supreme
Court Commission.
CHOSEN BY HIS ASSOCIATES
CHIEF JUSTICE MAKES THE
OFFICIAL TENDER,
The Eminent Jurist, However, Pre
fers Henceforth to Devote Him
self to His Private
Practice.
The Supreme Court of the State of Cal
ifornia, through Chief Justice Beatty, an
nounced on December 19 to W. C. Van
Flee_t,_the_Associate Justice, whose term
will expire to-day, that he was selected
to succeed I. S. Belcher as Commissioner
of the Supreme Court. Though highly
honored by the choice of his associates.
Judge Van Fleet has declined the ap
pointment, pleading a determination to
return to his professional practice, at
which he earned a well merited reputa
tion for probity and integrity. As a
Judge of the highest tribunal of the State
Justice Van Fleet will be remembered as
a man of ability and moral strength.
He will now return to active practice, at
tending to a host of clients and appear
ing before those very men among whom
he sat In cold, calm contemplation of jus^
tice and the law.
The letter of Chief Justice Beatty ap
prising Justice Van Fleet of the selection
of the court is as follows:
State of California, Judicial Department Su
preme Court, Chamber of the Chief Jus
tice.
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 19, 1898.
Hon. TT. C. Van Fleet, San Francisco— Dear
Sir: I am Instructed by my associates to in
form you that you have been chosen to suc
ceed Hun. J. S. Belcher (deceased) as Commis
sioner of the Supreme Court, and to request
your acceptance of the office. Yours truly,
W. H. BEATTV, Chief Justice.
The declination, which was written on
the 27th, Is as follows:
State of California, Judicial Department Su
preme Court, Chamber of Associate Jus
tice.
PAX FRANCISCO, Dec. 2T, IS9B.
Hon. W. H. Beatty, Chief Justice Supreme
Court — Dear Sir: In response to your commu
nication of December 19, notifying me of my
selection as Commissioner of the Supreme
Court, to nil tlie vacancy occasioned by the
death of Judge Belcher, I desire to say: That
wlnle I appreciate very deeply this evidence
of the confidence and esteem of my associates,
and have at their request given the matter
mature consideration, 1 do not, for the reasons
heretofore expressed to th« members of the
court personally, feel Justified In receding
from my determination to resume the practice
of my profession upon the expiration of my
term as Associate Justice. "While, therefore.
It will be with sincere regret that I shall sever
my official relations with the court, I must
beg to decline the tendered appointment.
Yours very respectfully,
KNIGHTS OF THE GRIP
ENJOY A BANQUET
FIRST REUNION OF TRAVELERS'
PROTECTIVE ASSOCIATION.
An Excellent Menu, Good Fellowship,
■ Responses to Toasts and Stories
Such as Only Commercial
Men Can Tell.
The California Division of the Travel
ers' Protective Association closed its an
nual session by a banquet in an uptown
cafe last night, the first that It has ever
given. There were present in the very
tastefully decorated dining hall and
seated around the several tables dressed
with most artistic taste about one hun
dred and twenty persons, including offi
cers of the Pacific Coast Commercial
Travelers' Association and the United
Commercial Travelers' Association, who
were the specially invited guests of the
host association. This was one of the
pleasant features of the reunion, as in the
past the spirit of unity that was noticed
last night has not always existed between
the several organizations.
In the absence of Henry M. Campe, the
president of the T. P. A., Harry E. Dig-,
gles acted as toastmaster, and while the
members and guests were discussing the
choice menu that was served, he called
upon those who had been selected to re
spond to the toasts of the evening. This
was a pleasant innovation on the old-time
custom of waiting until the menu had
been disposed of before calling for the
wisdom ami wit that usually is given on
like occasions.
E. J. Warnecke, first vice president, who
was the president of the evening, made a
brief address and then followed the fol-*
lowing toasts and responses: "The United
Commercial Travelers," O. E. Bolderman;
"The Pacific Coast Travelers," J. H. Pe
terson; "The Drummer as He Is," R. E.
Starr; "The Buckboard Traveler," D. Ed
wards; "The Travelers and the Railroad,"
Harry Bush of the Santa Fe road, also a
specially invited guest; "The Ladles, Al
tfiuWKh 'Absent, Always Thought Of," D.
V. Gelder. These were followed by ven
triloquism by Tommy Nichols, the baby
of the T. P. A., remarks by J. Frohm,
Andrew Hampell, the funny man from
Nevada, J. C. Eubanks, and stories such
as commercial men only can tell. Be
tween toasts an orchestra discoursed de
lightful music.
The officers of the California branch of
the T. P. A. are: Henry M. Campe, pres
ident; E. J. Warnecke, first vice presi
dent; D. V. Gelder, second vice president;
J. J. Baumgartener, secretary and treas
urer, and R. E. Starr. J. H. Cammetr, (J.
E. Diggles, Dwight Edwards, C. A. Janes,
F. Eggers, J. 11. Lange, George Marks
and J. C. Edwards, directors. The asso
ciation numbers two hundred and twelve
members, and It has a prospect of a con
siderable addition to its membership.
It is the purpose of the association to
give a banquet once a year for the pur
pose of having the members become bet
ter acquainted with each other and to ce
ment a friendship with kindred organiza
tions. The affair last evening was, on
that lino, a perfect success and it was
thoroughly enjoyed by all who partici
pated.
Feast of the Circumcision.
To thank God for all the benefits he
has tendered during- the past year a sol
emn thanksgiving service will be held at
7:30 o'clock this morning at St. Ignatius
Church. Rev. J. F. Frieden, S. J.. will
address the congregation, after which a
solemn Te Deum will be sung by the
ladies' and gentlemen's choirs. The serv
ices will be concluded with solemn bene
diction of the blessed sacrament. The
Feust of the Circumcision of Christ will
be celebrated to-morrow with solemn
high mass at 10:30 o'clock. The sermon,
appropriate to the occasion, will be de
livered by Rev. Henry Woods, S. J. The
same superb musical programme that
was rendered on Christmas will be re-
Eeated. In the evening at 7:30 there will
c 30lemn high vespers and a sermon by
Rev. Joseph Riordan of Santa Clara Col
lege. Solemn benediction of the blessed
sacrament will follow, and will conclude
the evening services In honor of the feast.
Booker T. Washington, the
m>ost talented negro in the
South, tells how the dark
skinned races of our new colo
nies should be governed, in
next Sunday's CculU,
TOUTS WERE
NERVOUS AND
APPREHENSIVE
Dan Was Out of Sight
for Several Hours.
BOOMLET OF U. S. GRANT JR.
BULLA IS CONFIDENT OF IN
CREASED STRENGTH.
Major McLaughlin Signs No Appli
cation and Is Not Connected
With, a Patronage
Bureau.
Along in the afternoon yesterday Dan
Burns "showed up" at the Palace court.
As the "colonel" had been out of sight
many hours, the touts began to express
fear that he had transferred himself and
his Senatorial aspirations to Sacramento
without giving them notice of his depar
ture. It was said at the Palace last night
that the "colonel" had not declared his
intentions to become a candidate and that
the situation In this respect was un
changed.
Major Frank McLaughlin, chairman of
the Republican State Central Committee,
left the city yesterday afternoon for his
home at Santa Cruz. The major will go
from Santa Cruz to Sacramento, but will
usher in the new year before leaving the
seacoast. There were many callers at the
headquarters of the party In the Palace
yesterday afternoon who were anxious to
consult with the chairman of the com
mittee. Among them was Rev. Mr. Perry
of San Leandro, a stalwart Presbyterian,
who is a candidate for the position of
chaplain of the Assembly. He deeply re
f retted the major's departure and sought
udge Dibble for spiritual consolation and
a liitle political influence on the side.
A statement published a few days ago
in The Call wherein reference was made
to a patronage bureau of the Republican
State Central Clmmittee annoyed Major
McLaughlin, as it left the impression on
the minds of some people that he had in
dorsed applications for appointments to
office. In every instance where his in
fluence in this regard has been sought he
has declined to give it. He asserts that
he has not signed nor indorsed a single
application for the appointment of any
one to an office, and, moreover, he de
clares his intention to refrain from giving
indorsements.
State Senator R. N. Bulla was in the
city a few hours yesterday, but left for
Sacramento early in the evening. He does
not take a gloomy view of the Senatorial
situation, but on the contrary regards the
prospects for his own election as quite
promising. He Is confident that he will
develop strength as the balloting pro
gresses and that many members of the
Legislature who are counted as support
ers of other men will be found voting for
Bulla before the contest is finished.
U. S. Grant Jr. was at the Palace Hotel
yesterday, but was not besieged by mem
bers of the Legislature. He will soon
transfer himself and his Senatorial boom
let to the capital of the State.
It is said that Governor-elect Gage hap
decided to appoint Daniel Kavane, an old
and trusted friend, residing in Los Ange
les, to the position of Secretary of the
Board of Examiners. The office is one of
the most responsible in the gift of the
Executive.
Nothing new has developed in San Fran
cisco regarding the position of adjutant
«>neral. The number of applicants is le
ff on. The R-ossln goes that the Governor
elect has in mind an active National
Guardsman, but may decide in the end
to follow the example of Governors Per
kins, Markham and Budd and recognize
the Grand Army of the Republic.
A TRIBUTE OF RESPECT.
Labor Council Takes Action on the
Death of Its Late President,
S. L. Robbins.
The meeting of the San Francisco Labor
Council last night was brief. All are
apparently waiting for the influx of new
blood after the first of the year. A num
ber of unions which have hitherto been
unrepresented will then have delegates
present, and with a new set of officers
and new members it is expected that
something will be accomplished.
The council has just lost its president,
Samuel L. Robbins, and the following
resolutions were adopted, and will be
spread on the minutes:
Whereas, This Council has lost on December
IS by the death of Samuel L. Bobbins, its pre
siding officer; be it
Resolved, That the Council is deprived by
the death of Brother Robbtns not only of its
president but of a valuable member, one who
has beon a faithful and efficient worker in the
cause of organized labor, and whose loss will
be deeply regretted, not only for his qualities
as a union man, but as a personal friend; and
be It further .
Resolved. That this Council hereby extends
its .'arnest sympathy to the family and friends
of Brother Rnnhlns.
Broke. the Mint Record.
Christmas and the end of the year and
other conditions that put wings on the
dollar pieces have had a noticeable effect
at the Mint. The coinage for the month
of December is the largest ever recorded.
In gold and silver over $10,000,000 has been
stamped out. divided up as in the follow
ing table: Double eagles. $8,053,500; eagles,
$690,000: half-easrles, $502,500. Total, $9.24fi.
000 Half-dollars, $lt>,000; dollars, JSOO.OOO.
Grand total, $10,062,000.
The Hardtmuth pencil is the best in the
world. Try the Koh-I-Noor. •
Congressman Loud Will Act.
Secretary Scott of the Chamber of Com
merce is in receipt of a letter from Con
gressman L<oud in which Mr. Loud ac
knowledges the receipt of copies of reso
lutions adopted by the board relative to
rewarding Lieutenant D. H. Jarvis, and
providing a pension for officers and men
of the revenue cutter service. Mr. Loud
states that the^ matters will receive his
careful attention.
True story of the Philippine Is
lands, by Sol N. Sheridan, special cor
respondent, in next Sunday's Call.
YOUNG 1899
is with us, and we are prepared for
him with new kinks and ideas to add
to our superior methods of fine laun-
dry work. You will always find us
up-to-date In the lead with all the new
improvements in this line. Make a
good resolution and bring us your
shirts, collars and cuffs to renovate,
and we will do them in a manner that
is unapproachable anywhere. "No saw-
edges."
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOW
OUT
New Year
Number
S.F.
NEWS
LETTER
Another
Beauty !
ONE
DIME
New Year Gifts
Of All Sorts in our Mam-
moth Toy and Novelty
Departments. .'. .*. .*.
Mail orders filled promptly.
Razors, Scissors, Knives and Clip-
pers ground.
WILL & FINCK CO.,
820 MARKET STREET.
People Will Talk!
They will talk about YOU, and you can't pre-
vent them, if you look pale and sickly and com-
plain of sleeplessness, loss of memory and weak-
ness. Their remarks will not be always good-
natured, either. The world is very cruel. Why
not stop its tongue by taking a treatment of
THE FAMOUS
PERFECTO TABLETS
—the handy pocket Tablets that you can carry
with you everywhere. PKKFECTO TAB-
LETS nourish the nerves they repair shattered
health; they revive memory; they insure sound
sleep; they give relief to. the waste and drain
of vital powers, Incurred by excesses or Indis-
cretions of early years; they restore ambition;
they impart vigor and potency to every func-
tion and brace up the system In men and women
young and old: they give bloom to the cheeks'
and lustre to the eyes; they make you healthy
and happy. They
MAKE PERFECT MEN AND WOMEN
One 50 Cents 6 Boxes at $2.50, a
Box Renews Guaranteed Cure or
Vital Energy^ Money Refunded.
Mailed on receipt of price by
THE PERFECTO CO. Caxton Building, Chicago. 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland.
j^SS^jf^^ Doctor
Jj|P^f|| M EY ER S
§«? Specialists for Men
\[4| '*fis 1 These physician! h»ve been
\\ pfc » \l§ tract»d ailment* »inte 1881.
\y &)FL -^m^X^i They have, the largest and
J||'ns iliiwf 'No p»p »y TiU Cured *
*P5 V '^Hfii^ T"nf"i't" I >ate m*n who can.
ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS. _ Alii. FREE.
Thousand* cured at home;
All letter* confidential. > 0 Charge for Consultation.
"701 MARKET ST., )_, . -.
I 01 SAN FBAXCISCO } Elevaur Entrance.
/Js**>v LADIES DO TOO KNOW
£^*f DR. FELIX LEBRUN'S
\g^ *} Steel | Pennyroyal Treatment
J lie the original and only FRENCH.
M l safe and reliable care on the mar-
y '"■te-ket. Price, $1.00; sent by mail,
r v Genuine sold only by
GEO. DAHLBENUER & CO., Sola Agents,
214 Kearny at., San Francisco.
CONCERTS AND BESCKTtf.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
Grand PRIZE MASQUERADE BALL
Under the Auspices of the
ARION BENEVOLENT SOCIETY.
NEW YEAR'S EVE, Dec. 31.
RING OUT THE OLD!
RING IN THE NEW!
Admission 50 cents
METROPOLITAN temple, i
TUESDAY AND THURSDAY EVENINGS
and SATURDAY MATINEE, Jan. 3, 6. 7.
ROSENTHAL!
THE WORLD'S GREATEST PIANIST,
Under the direction of HENRY WOLFS*
Price*. $1. $2 and $3. Sale of Seats at
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s. .
STEIN WAY PIANO USED.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting 1898-99. beginning TUESDAY,
Dec. 27, to SATURDAY, Jan. 7. inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK,
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. Thur»-
day, Friday and Saturday. Ham or shine.
FIVE OR MOKE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start at 2:15 p. m., Sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
Track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the Track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after last race.
THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
CENTRAL PARK.
Grand Opening
Of the King of All Amusements,
The STEEPLECHASE
EVERYBODY RIDES.
. SATURDAY, DEC:. 31.
ADMISSION, 10c, Including Ride on Horses.
BASEBALL.
TO-DAY. TO-DAY. AT 3 P. M..
RECREATION PARK. J
SANTA CRUZ vs. SEATTLE.
ADMISSION. 25 CENTS. ]
AMUSEMENTS. j
COLUMBIA THEATER
LAST TWO NIGHTS AT THIS THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
W. H. WEST'S
Big Minstrel Jubilee.
Offering the greatest programme of the decade.
EXTRA,"
"TAKE TOUR HAT OFF."
WILLIE COLLIER
Is Coming Next MONDAY In
THE MAN FROAI MEXICO.
"THAT'S RIGHT."
SEATS NOW READY.
/TflflTlVvWwf^S LAST TWO NIQHTS.
IUIWUHCL MATINEE TO-DAY.
NANCE . O'NEIL,
Matinee To-Day.. . .INGOMAR
j To Night. GUY MANNERING
j Sunday night, the realistic... OLlVEß TWIST
EXTRA-"
THEY WILL BE HERE.
i Beginning NEXT MONDAY (NEW YEAR'S)
MATINEE.
Nine additional performances.
W. H. WESTS BIG MINSTREL JUBILEE.
Now crowding the Columbia Theater nightly.
! MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY). DEC. 3t.
I Parquet, any seat, 25c; balcony, 10c; children,
10c, any seat.
MONS. AND MME. ROFIX,
World's Greatest Chin Balancers.
PILAR MORIN. ROSE EYTINGE AND*.
CLEMENT BAINBRIDGE.
In the Roaring Farce. "THAT OVERCOAT."
i GEORGE FULLER GOLDEN, "Casey's
Friend," with New Stories.
RILEY AND HUGHES. Blackface Artists.
JULIUS P. WITMARK, Vocalist.
RAPPO SISTERS, Russian Dancer*.
HORACE GOLDIN. Illusionist.
I THE THREE LI'KINS. Acrobats.
i MERKELL SISTERS. Equilibrists.
! Next Week— SISTERS, AND FOUR NEW
Next Week— PAPINTA AND FOUR NEW
I ACTS.
COMEDY THEATER.
Formerly the Popular Bush.
THIS SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
LAST FOUR PERFORMANCES.
REMEMBER THE
NEW YEARS MATINEE SUNDAY.
The Beautiful Comedy Drama,
A ROMANCE OF
COON HOLLOW!
The Same Splendid Production and Excellent
Cast as given at the Fourteenth-street
Theater, New York.
NOTE— This is not a colored organization,
but an "Idyll of the Tennessee. Hills."
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
I prices 15c, 2!»c, 35c. 800
Matinees 180 and 250
SEATS NOW SELLING.
COMMENCING HOLIDAY MATINEE, Jan. 2,
OTT BROTHERS in the Latest Musical Com-
edy Success,
"ALL ABOARD."
AT fA7AD seats-
I i"\.Lv \Sf\jL4Jr\L\ 15c, 25c, 35c, 50e.
EVERY NIGHT— INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
HOYT'S
MIDNIGHT
BELL!—
LJ LJ I— < J— < >
L. R. Stockwell as the Deacon.
NEW YEAR MATINEE MONDAY.
3Sc r-~rvH^»CO 13c.
MOROSCO'S GRAND 8S
V altkr Morosco, Sole Lessee and Maaaget
Week of Dec. 26. 1533.
Farewell Performances of
THE MOROSCO STOCK COMPANY——
IN
The White Squadron
Next Week— Engagement Extraordinary — th«
Great
HI HENRY MINSTRELS
At the Regular Prices,
10c, 25c and 50c.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mr*. Ernestine KrellDg. Proprietor and Mgr.
~~ '
MATINEE TO-DAY AT I P. M.
BRING THE CHILDREN.
-THIS EVENING!
OUR SUCCESSFUL HOLIDAY SPECTACLE
THE YELLOW DWARF.
. A Delight for Young and Old! —
SPECIAL MATINEE NEW YEARS DAY.
Monday. January 2d. 1899.
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 800
N. B. — A reserved seat for the Matinee II r >c.
Our Telephone, Bush 9. \-_ .
SECURE YOUR SEATS IN ADVANCE. .
; '■. !
GLEN PARK.
fTHE MISSION ZOO. /$&&.
HIS FIRST. TIME UP.\JP
Sunday, January 1, and \f/
Monday, January 2. ♦jjg^
DOUBLE BALLOON ASCENSION.
A MISSION BOY ...:2...
Accompanied by RATTnOMQI
CHAS. CONLON, ii I
Coast Champion. . ..^2...
BIG Take San Mateo Electrio
imp vii i F Cars. They land you at the
VAUDEVILLE entrance. Valencia. Mission
SHOW. and Sutter street transfer.
Admission. 10c. Children under 6 years, free.
SUNDAY. JAN. B— Amateur Day. .
EFQ Chlelie«ter'« EccUth Diamond Brand.
Pennyroyal pills
ENNYROYAL PILLS
9 •■"4j>°~~V Original and Only Genuine. A
V// rK?\ ••"> »I*W reliable, ladies uk jß\
fiiVt V^H. I'rmjgirt for Chiehttttrt EnglUK Diar/Hi£.
fcM»^7s^e*s\muti.i tira-nd In Itrd »al G-jU mtt»lllo\\fflf
T-\ _»?&>nboxM, «;»leJ with bli;o ribbon. Take
"JM *Si ssvjno other. Rtfus- dangrroui mbttif^ V
I"/ ~ fwtisnt and imitation*. XiDngglttt, or »ni At,
I W Jt In utanpt for ji»rrlcn!»ri, tutlzaoxxitls mnS
\V* KS " Kellef for Ladle**** in Utter, br retora
•A. if Mall. lO.<)9OT«<tlmoDiili. Ifaae. Paper.
. Chemical Co^MndlMtigqaar**
B*l4 by all Local OroggUU. PHI LA.UA.. I'iT
Baja California
DAMI AN A BITTERS
Is a powerful ' aphrodisine and specific tonlo
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
Merits; BO long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
123 Market street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
Anilllfl and Mor P hine Habits
IMI J||H cured at home. Wrte
I for full particulars and
Ul I Will book free
INDIAN OPIUM CURE, B. D. KIMMIS.
l 201 Turk St., San Francisco.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Linseed Oil, Lucol and Turpentine advanced.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat higher and Barley firm.
Oats and Corn strong.
Rye dull and unchanged.
Hay. Bran and Middlings advanced.
Beans and Seeds dull.
Heavy stocks ot Wool on hand.
Onions higher. Potatoes unchanged.
:<ie» lower.
Butter, cheose and Eggs declining.
Turkeys lower. Game firm.
Cranberries about gone.
Citrus fruits neglected.
Dried fruits flat.
Lard and Cuttolene firm.
Meat market unchanged.
Decreased exports of Wine.
EXPORTS OF WINE.
Exports of Wine from this port during the
first eleven months of the year were 4,.'525,000
gallons, against 4.755.200 gailons during the
ttune period in 1897.
THE WOOL TRADE.
A REVIEW OF THE YEAR IS9S AJv'D WHAT
IT SHOWS.
The circular of Jacob Wollner says: "It Is !
safe to say t'.iat the wool trade will not be
Borry to see the year IS9B go out. Whatever It
tnay nave brought to other lines of Industry
it ha,s been a thoroughly disappointing year to
the wool trade. It is not that there was so
mu.-h money lost, but there was no business or
demand whatsoever the first ten months of the |
In the la--n two months there has been
a little ■;. but what wools were sold
were from - t'> 3 cents lower than they had
been htl.i at.
■•Tho arrivn!? In this market were 15.000>X>
- than in 1897, and the shipments j
fell off to about the same amount. The stock
on hand the Ist of January In this market con-
Last year's fall, 2,000,000
la; tins year's pprlntr. 4,000,000 pounds; :
this year's ■ ' pounds; last year's
this year's Nevada and Ore
pounds; and 3000 bales of scoured
wool, which, reduced to grease pounds, would
pounds, amounting altogether to j
.rids.
the interior of California there are about
ids; In "re«on there are between
• 000, and in Nevada 1,000,000
"Last year, on tlie Ist of January, the stock :
on hand in San Francisco and In the interior,
s.-.,urpd wool into grease pounds,
did not amount to over 5. 000,000 pounds. In :
and Nevada there was none. On ac- '
ison in the southern part of i
the SI were shipped or !
- State and so the clip will ;
> '".(•en. OiiO pounds short.
"The outlook is good for a demand after the
January, but it cannot be at high :
is with the stock of wool In the United 1
Sr,-it.>s .md it new clip about to come In, it Is !
■ wo ils to go very high. The wool
State, although they had to i
: with a <iry season, have done very
well, and lambs brought good
although another dry
ice, are worth from J.t
i head. Nevada and Oregon had a very !
■us lambing season and the sheepmen I
err a!l doing well, although the prices for
have h.-vn disappointing."
WEATHER REPORT.
il?nth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 30. E p. m.
The fi llowlng 'are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfall in past twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka n.30 n.03 15. 4S
Red Bluff 0.00 3.31 6.08
mento 0.00 3.72 4.38
San Francisco 0.00 4.00 407
Fresno 0."0 1.52 1.59
San I. vis Oblspo O.oi 1.34 1,55
Loa Angeles O.ik'p 0.24 2. .'.3
San Diego 0.00 1.09 1 41
Tuma 0.00 l.tz 1 -:
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
4.. minimum, 40; mean. 44.
An area of high pressure is impinging on the
Northern California oast. This condition la
causing cloud) weather, with occasional light
Bnow In Oregon Washington. Idaho. Northern
Nevada .in<! Utah, it is ;ilso causing fair
weather in California. The sky is clear
throughout the entire State of California to
night, and the temperature is from 10 to 20
;he freezing point. During the
The temperature will fall sufficiently to
In Northern California
In Southern h hr.ak north wind i«
blowing, whi.-h will probably prevent injury
to-night, imt condltons are favorable for
Saturday night in that locality, which is
to injure citrus fruit in exposed sec
tions.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
F reract n-.ade at San Francisco for thirty
h"ii!> ending midnight December 31. ISM:
Norhern California— Fair Saturday; sever*
frost to-night and probably Saturday night; In
jurious to citrus fruit in exposed places; fresh
north wind.
them California— Fair Saturday: severe
frost Saturday night; injurious to citrus fruit
in exposed pla -s if wind ceases to-night
fresh north wind.
Nevada— Generally fair Saturday.
Utah— Generally fair Saturday.
Arizona— Fair Saturday; fro?t injurious to
citrus fruit in south portion.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
brisk northwest wind.
Special fr-rn M^int Tamalpais— Clear wind
northwest 16 miles; temperature. 34; maximum
temperature, 4". \y. H. HAIOCON,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. 30.— Stocks rose contin
uously to-. lay, with none of the customary re
actions, anil left off with fractional gains In
the standard railway shares and at very ma-
Sains in various specialties that were
prominent in the day's transactions. The Lon
don market, where the fortnightly settlement
passed off favorably, opened away up on pur
chases partly for American account. There
Lso genuine buying for foreign account,
owing to the disinclination of London opera
await a possible January boom, and
American rail* closed at about the best. The
Initial rim 1 locally wag not quite up to the
l,.'!i I. in rigures, but trading was active and
innuslon-house buying overcame
:los. Industrials were particularly
- and Rock Island led the Grangers up
ward, l'ublic interest increased as the day
\vnn- on, and pri< »>s wore generally lifted,
were sensational advances successively in
Air l'u-ake. Long Island Hallway, Delaware,
Western, Great Northern pre
ferred and Pullman and American Steel and
■\Vlr>\ All maintained the greater part, if
not >11 of ihelr advance, except New York Air
lirake, which nfu-r a rise of 7 points reacted
1014 and closed unchanged for the day. The
ttelif-! that next year will witness a mure har- I
.s arrangement In the anthracite trade
was largely responsible tor the rise In Read
ing ai il-earr>'lng roads. Continued
fax r;>hle railroad and trade reports and pros
easy-money rates stimulated the
buying, closing the year of the stock ex
change trading In a whirl of activity and
strength, with many securities at the highest
price of the ye^r.
The bond Kiarket shook off Its late heel
i upward, with particularly
large purchases of Reading fours, which
Total sales, 15,466,000. V. 8. old
Ted advanced \. and do coupon
the news fours and the threes ■> in the bid
America's unprecedented trade with
monthly Increases in exports continued a great
:n the day's business. The
gold holdings of the United States are larger
thnn those of other countries and increased
sums of money, now profitably loaned abroad
are subject to call as they may be wanted.
l'.;.nsits passed the 1800,000.000 mark in last
week's bank statement. The absorption of
rican securities by home capital followed
plethora of money. A rise in cereals
brought "in formers' supplies, increasing east
while the farmers' demands for
manufactured articles. Increasing with their
available funds, gave the railroads a profitable ;
return traffic There was no evidence of the
traditional disposition to restrict at the end
year, but rather a tendency to dls
it.e reinvestment of January "dividends,
liusiness was in larger volume at generally
rising prices. Indeed, commission-housl or
.' cumulated over the Christmas holidays.
resulted in Tuesday's buoyant trade. with
transactions the largest of the year, being llt
t»e Fh'.n "t 1,000,000 shares of stocks. Subse
quent trading was enormous, but not up to
the first day. London was a free purchaser
■ ■■■■ balance, regardless of the stiff contango
for the fortnightly settlements there. The
bat Tuesday's enormous bulge was the
culmination of the rise seized the traders
and prices fell off, and for the first
:nis month the market closed weak at a
considerable recession In prices. A flurry In
call money, which was momentarily bid up to
6 per cent, aided the decline in values but
large offerings soon brought money back to
low figures. The market was tested again by
the bears on the succeeding days, but recuDer
• i and closed higher. November net in
creases were general. Burlington leading with
a 40 per cent increase. Improvement In the
week reached very formidable proportions in
the standard stocks. .. The rise in
the Grangers extended to fU In Rock Island
but the Pacifies averaged only about a point
Purchases of gilt-edge stocks were In large
volume and substantial gains were the rule.
The week's bond market attracted consider
able attention. the marked undercurrent
strength exhibited there serving to Inspire con
fidence in the general situation. Purchases for
foreign account were very heavy and a keen
demand war- evident for the gilt-edge Issues.
T*. P. threes advances %. the new fours M the
old fours % and the seconds % in the bid
price.
The stock exchange will be closed to-mor
row and on Monday.
Total sale* of stocks to-day, 888,700 shares,
including: 7728 Atcalson. 23,300 do nreferred..
13,420 Central Pacific, 9290 Burlington, 4500
Chicago and Eastern Illinois, 7300 Erie pre
ferred, 6045 Great Northern preferred. 4780
Louisville and Nashville, .',920 Manhattan. 3273
Metropolitan, 50,000 Reading preferred. 8800
Missouri Pacific, 311S Jersey Central, 15,320
Northern Pacific. 4220 do preferred, 23,520
Reading, 19,700 Rock Island. 20.520 Union Pa
cific, 24.950 St. Paul. 12.560 Southern Pacific.
6800 Southern Pacific preferred, 6700 Texas
and Pacific, 16,320 Union Pacific preferred, S6OO
Tobacco, 81,130 Steel. 21,320 do preferred 20,620
People's Gae, 3000 Colorado Fuel. 8145 Pacific
Mall, 3120 Pullman, G2.550 Sugar, 7800 Tennes
see Coal and Iron. 5320 Leather prefered, 4200
Chicago Great Western.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atehison 18*4 8t L & S W 7V4
Do prefd 52 Do prefd 1714
Baltimore & Ohio, Bt Paul 120%
all<aat<mts paid.. 69^i Do prefd 166
Canada Pacific 85»; St P & Om 93
Canada Southern.. 55% Do prefd MS
Cent Pac 43% St P M & M 180
Ches & Ohio 25 So Pacific 33%
Chi & Alton 170 |5o Railway 10%
Chi B & Q 125 Do prefd 41*4
Chi & E 111 61V4 Texas & Pacific.... 19%
Do prefd 11l Union Pacific 43%
Chi G W 16% Do prefd 74
Chi Ind & L. 8% U P D & G. 2d *
Do prefd 32 \ assmt paid 12
Chi & X W 142>i!Wabash 7%
Do prefd 18.V,, Do prefd 22**
C C C & St L.... 43% Wheel & L E. 4th
Do prefd 94 assmt paid 5 7 fc
Del & Hudson 1044 Do prefd. 4th
Del L & W 154 assmt paid 27V*
D & Rio G 20% Express Companies-
Do prefd 70"* Adams Ex 10&
Erie new 14% American Ex 143
Do Ist prefd....;. 39% United States .... f.2
Ft Wayne 175 Wells Fargo 127
Gt Nor prefd 144*4 Miscellaneous-
Hocking Valley.... 37* A Cot Oil 85%
Illinois Cent 114% Do prefd 8->
Lake Erie & W.... 21 Amu Spirits 13%
Do prefd ... 744 Do prefd 37%
Lake Shore 196% Am Tobacco 143
Louis & Nash 64% Do prefd 130
Manhattan L 97% Cons Gas 1954
Met St Ry 191% Com Cable Co ....175"
Mich Cent . ill Col F & Iron 31%"
Minn & St L 36% Do prefd 85
Do Ist prefd 95 Gen Electric 95%
Mo Pacific 45«/4 Haw Coml Co .... 63
Mobile & Ohio 81% Intnl Paper 63%
Mo X & T..... 13% Do prefd 93%
Do prefd 37"* Laclede Gas 624
X J Central 97 Lead : 3SH
X V Central 123 Do prefd 11314
N" V Chi & St L.. 14H Nat Lin Oil g%
Do Ist prefd 72 Pacific Mail 45%
Do 2d prefd 35 People's Gas 110';
Nor West 18 Pullman Pal 158
No Amer Co 7 Silver Cert 5914
No Pacific 441* Standard R & T.. 8#
Do prefd 77', Sugar m
Ontario & W 18% Do prefd 112
Or R ft Nay 50 T C & Iron 56%
Or Short Line 42% D S Leather 7U
Pac Coast Ist pfd. 84 Do prefd 72%
Do 2d prefd 62 US Rubber £3
Plttsburg 172 Do prefd 111%
Reading 22\ West Union 93
Do Ist prefd 53% Fed Steel 51 7
ROW 25 Do prefd 83%
Do prefd 65% Brooklyn R T 77*,
Rock Island 114 Or Nay prefd 71
St Louis & S F.. 8% Pacific Coast 46
Do nrefd 67% Colo Southern .... 6%
Do 2d prefd 337* Do Ist prefd 43^
CLOSING BONDS.
YE 3s 107%, X JC 5s 116
V S new 4s reg....123 X Carolina 6s 125
Do coup 129 I Do 4s 104
D S 4s 111% No Pac lsts 1174
Do coup 113%! Do 3s S9U
Do 2ds 994' Do 4s 102%
TJ 8 5s reg 112%; X V C & St L 45. .106'
Do 6s coup 112% Xor & W 6s 128^
District 3. 60s 118% Northwestern c0n. 145
Ala class A 108 Do deb 5s 119
Do B 10S O Nay lsts 113
Do C : 100 O Nay 4s l«»
Do Currency 100 O S Line 6s tr 130
Atchlson 4s 99"i O S Line 5s tr....111'i I
Do adj 4s 79 Pacific 6s of 95.... 103 j
Can Bo 2ds 110H 1 Reading 4s 88%
C& O 4»4f> 91 RC, W lsts 93
cm T rm is 9.US St L & I M con 55. 105
C & Ohio 5s 117% St L & S F gen Is. 125
C H A D 4iAs 104% St P Con 162
1' &1: Q liv 10S St PC & P lsts...U'2'i
D&R G4s 102% Do 5s 121
East Term 15t5. ...107 •So Ry 5s 106
Erie Gen 4s 2r.' 3 Stand R& T 65.... S4'4
FW & D lsts tr.. Term new yet 35... 98 j
Gen Elec 5s 108 Tex Pac L G lsts..in9U !
G II & £ A 65.. ..107 ' Do Rg 2ds 4SU ;
Do 2ds IC3 7; PD & G lsts... 87% !
H & T C 5s 112 ;Wab Ist 5s 113
Do con 6s 112 j Do 2d5...., 9414
lowa C lsts 107 W Shore 4s 112%
La new con 4s 10<>% Va Centuries 83
L & X Uni 4s 98 ' Do deferred 7%
Missouri <is 100 IWls Cent lsts 6"
M X & T 2ds "M, U P 105%
Do 4s 91** Colo Southern 45.. S6>4 I
X V Central lsts.. 11714 1
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 121 Ontario 6 00
Crown Point 12 Ophir 40
Con Cal & Va 1 10! Plymouth 10
Deadwood 45 i Quicksilver 2 0)
Gould & Curry-... 24 Do prefd 500 j
Hale & Xorcross.. 9 Sierra Nevada 90 '
Homestake 50 00 ! Standard 2 00
Iron Silver 71 Union Con 12
Mexican 27! Yellow Jacket 25
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Ed Elec Tel 195
Call loan? 253 Gen Elec prefd 158
Time loans 3@4 Atch prefd 52
Stocks — Bonds—
Atch Top & fit Fe. \%\ Atchlson 4s 98^4
Amer Sugar 12S 1 -; Wla Central Is 62-H
Do prefd 111'j Mining Shares-
Bay State Gas 33 7*7 * ! Allouez Mln Co 8
Bell Tel 277 j Atlantic 33%
Boston & Albany. .246 Boston & M0nt. ...284
Boston & Maine... 171 Rutte & Boston 92
Boston L 81>4 Calumet & Hec1a..640
Chi Bur & Q 125 Centennial 88
Fltchburg W-fe Franklin 21 T £
Gen Electric SnHlOld Dominion 38
Mexican Central... n's Osceola 83
N V & S Eng 99 Qulncy 147
Old Tnlony 198 .Tamarack 186
Or Short Line 42 ! Wolverine Ktf
Rubber 44 ' Farrott 34
Tnlr.ii Tas 43*i!Humboldt 2'i
West End S'tU ! Adventure 9»4
Westingh Elec 3»H! Union Land 11
Do prefd 62 iwinona 14
STOCK TRANSACTIONS FOR 1898.
NEW YORK, Dec. 30.— Transactions on the ]
New York Stock Exchange for the year show ;
a decided Increase In all branches over those
for several preceding years. The total number j
of listed stocks dealt in during the year j
amounts to 85.520.911 shares; unlisted stocks. ;
27,649,472 shares. Sales of State and railroad 1
bonds amounted to $847,654,000 (par value), un- \
listed bonds $46,263,500 and Government bonds j
$24,123,210.
In 1897 only 77,248,647 listed and unlisted I
shares were sold, in 1896 54.499,043 shares. In j
1895 65.450.576 shares, and in 1594, the poorest |
year in many, 49.275.733 shares.
The business of the Consolidated Stock and
Petroleum Exchange was much larger this year
than last. Railroad stock clearances amounted
to 63.402.000 shares, bonds sales $21. "37. 000. and
624.520 snares of mining stock were dealt in.
Wheat clearances through the Exchange
aggregated 740, 210. 000 bushels.
THE MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK. Dec. 30.— Money on call steady
at 2W3 per cent; last loan, 2 per cent; prime
mercantile paper, 3-5 3 V 4 per cent; sterling ex
change steady, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at $4 84^4 <a 4 84Vi for demand, an.l .-.t
$4 81%<&» 82 for 60 days; posted rates $4 82HO
4 SB 1 *: commercial bills, $4 SO^.'SH 81: silver cer
tiflcat*?. 58%€M0%c; bar silver, 59c; Mexican
dollars, 46ScV Government bonds strong; State
bonds firm; railroad bonds strong.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 30— To-day's statement
of the condtlon of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $290,563,117; gold reserve.
$245,995,715.
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Dec. 30.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser'H London financial cablegram: Busi
ness Ik broadening on the markets here and
the tone is excellent. Consols were the lead
ing feature to-day. Americans were active.
Ther* is a distinct growth of public dealing
In them. The Continent bought Central Pa
cifies and New York sent early orders for
them. New York also bought the coalers
heavily, particularly Reading. The close Was
very cheerful.
Tintos and Anacondas were strong on ru
mored buying of the latter by New York.
Anacondas rose Vi point to fi l ;..
One humlred and two thousand pounds In gold
bars was bought by the bank. The prices re
lapsed to 77s 10% don the stoppage of the Ger
man demand and the impending cape arrival of
half a million.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Dec. 30.— Canadian Pacific, 87%;
Grand Trunk, "%; bar silver, quiet, 27\td;
money, t%04 per cent.
Spanish fours closed at 46 9-16.
PARIS, Dec. 30.- Spanish fours closed at
46.75.
BRADSTREET'S FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, Dec. 30.— Bradstreefs Weekly
Review of the Stock Market to-morrow will
say: Increased participation by the public has
been the principal feature. Commission houses
have been active In the maricet, and while a
great deal of profit-taking has undoubtedly
occurred, the accession of new purchasers of
securities for speculative purposes has been
continuous. Fears that the marKet was cul
minating for the time being have found ex
pression, but on the whole the bullish temper
of the street and public Is undimlnished. The
favorable factors of the situation, such as the
volume of money In the country and the con
tinuance of increased railroad earnings, were
supplemented this week by a rise in grain
prices, due largely to increased foreign de
mands for our breadstuffs. Among the other
Incidents which tends to sustain speculative
confidence Is the fact that a general move
ment seems to be on foot among railroad com
panies to insist on the maintenance of the full
tariff rates after January 1. There are also
intimations of "deals" and coming dividends
which will have a eood effect on the position
of various properties, while above all Is ihe
idea that while the course of the market in the
last fortnight has evidently been In the nature
of a discounting of the January investment de
mand, the latter will still have sufficient force
to carry securities to a blgber level, lire
THE SAIS FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1898.
spective of what the growth and widening of
the speculative spirit may accomplish in the
same direction. The London market has been
more or less of a holiday character, but Ameri
can stocks were strong there and the foreign
participation was mainly on the bull side. In
fact, the fortnightly* settlement on the Stock
Exchange there disclosed exceptionally large
long holdings of our securities.
In our own market the activity of leading
interests in supporting and advancing their
securities has not been wanting, though to give
variety to the market some of the professionals
! showed a disposition during the week to take
the bear side for a turn. Under existing con
1 dltions and In view of the revived interest of
: the public, professional estimates of the outlook
generally point to a continuance of the rise
in prices for both stocks and bonds, tempered,
perhaps, by setbacks, an realizing temporarily
galns the ascendancy or the over-bought
state of the market invites reactions.
BA_NK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK. Dec. 30.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear
ing! at all principal cities for the week ended
December 29. with the percentage of increase
and decrease as compared with the correspond
ing week last year:
_ Percentage.
Cities— inc. Dec.
New York $ 886,902,464 19.3
Boston 103,110,317 21.3
Chicago 115,556,5»7 24.6
Philadelphia 78,42:<,551 25.2 ....
St. Louis 26.083,416 4.6
Pittsburg 19,576,383 28.4
Baltimore 16,788,913 K.I ....
San Francisco 14,712,572 3.0 ....
Cincinnati 10.175.400 9.6
Kansas City 5, 745,200 • 4.2 ....
New Orleans 10,867,483 10.2 ....
Minneapolis 10,471,179 3.7
Detroit 6.036.942
Cleveland • 7,122,472 14.6
Louisville 6.186,114 6.3
Providence 6.026,600 3.2 ....
Milwaukee 6.110.582 4 4
St. Paul 3,861,018 .... 2 0
Buffalo 3,612,455 8 7
Omaha 6.545,429 40.0
Indianapolis 4,708,769 13.5
Columbus, O 3,690 100 13
Savannah 2,950,140 9.6
Denver 2,628,556 23.5
Hartford 1.941,508 .... 16.2
Richmond 2,544,571 28. 1
Memphis 2,115,511 6.6
Washington 1,769,271 8.8
Peoria 1,581,602 .... 6.8
Rochester 1. 355, 886 7 9
New Haven 1.577,612 24.7
Worcester 1,410.210 15.0 ....
Atlanta 1.&46.924 42.4
Salt Lake City 1,924,761 11.0 ....
Springfield, Mass.. 1.227,050 ....
Fort Worth 1.565.075 18.8 ....
Portland, Me 1.349,748 22.0
Portland, Or 1.719,206 S 9
St. Joseph 2,960.796 19.6
Lns Angeles 1.312.:>"S
Norfolk 1,206,789 39.4
Syracuse 896. 4CJ 6.1
Dei Moinea 1,12»,5»8 18.1
Nashville 927.656
Wilmington, Del... 580.303 16 4
Fall River 953.241 19.1
Scranton 841,596 8 8
Grand Rapids 600.517 2' 9
Augusta. Ga 775,654 .... 4.6
Lowell fi07.2r,0 6.5
Dayton, 0 697,200 8.3 ....
Seattle 1.197.943 67.9
Taooma 609,369 21"
Spokane 1,146,060 91.6
Sioux City 755,211 87. 5
New Bedford 425.122 20.0
KnoxviUe, Term 403.541 10.1 ....
Topeka 520,909 22.6
Birmingham 504,506 11. 0 .. .
Wichita 388,242 4.6
Binghamton 278,400 12 3
Lincoln 3f17.3".S 4.4 ....
Lfxington, Ky 285.340 7.1
Jacksonville, Fla.. 220.475 29.4
Kalamazoo 283,844 1.0 ....
Akron 302, 0 i» 11.4
Bay City 165.664 29.4
Chattanooga 275,980 2.4
Rockford. 11l 254.830 &7.7
Canton. 0 206,000 39.4 I
SpriiiKfleld, 0 191,772 24.3
Park.. N. D 367.500 74.7
Sioux Falls, S. D.. 80.387 35.4 ....
Hastings, Neb 118.466" 43.9
Fremont. Neb 107.213 21.5
Davenport 574.511 50.3
Toledo 1.538.526 15.7
Galventon 6,949,100 16.8
Houston 6,653.492 .... 1.8
Ynungstown 361.210 j
Kvansville 749.969 ....
Hflena 470.528 ....
Macon 423.000
Little Rock 351.22.'
Totals, U. R $1,409, 502. 659 18.7
Totnls outside of
New York 522.600.195 17.5
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $11,849,821 14.5
Toronto 7.205. 177 5.7 ....'
Winnipeg 1.814,738
Halifax 1,034,286 .... 2.5
Hamilton 880.405 2.7
St John. N. F.... 507.408
Vancouver 544.351 .... —
Victoria 615,010
Totals -23.044. 835 8.8
BRADSTREETS ON TRADE CONDITIONS.
NEW YORK, Dec. 30.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say.
Holiday quiet In general demand, sustained
activity In Industrial lines, particularly iron
and steel, exceptionally large shipments of
goods on orders, liberal cereal exports and
specially heavy dealings in speculative mar
ket?, are features calling for notable mention
in the closing week of the year. Firmness in
price is likewise encouraging feature in most
staples. Wheat, though showing a reaction, is
higher on the week on large export clearances,
and other cereals are in sympathy. I'iglron de
mand crows, and prices for this product and
for Bteel rails, pteel billets, plates and wire
rods are all higher on the week, while the vol
ume of foreign demand for even finished metal
prjducts apparently increases as the year
draws to its conclusion.
Concisely stated, the reports received as to
the year's business in all sections of the coun
try point to an unprecedented volume ot do
mestic and export trade, whloh is. reflected in
bank clearances that break the high record of
IS;*2. The general Jevel of prices of staple se
curities at tho close of the year is at the high
est p. lint reached for five years past. Railroad
earnings exceed all previous years, and, finally,
there was a smaller number of failures and lower
liabilities than reported in any year for at least
five y&Ti past. These general results in the
country at large have been achieved, too, not
withstanding the outbreak and conclusion of a
foreign war, and in spite also of unfavorable
conditions of some industries, notably textile
manufacturing, which, combined with unfa
vorable weather early in the year and the low
est t>rice for cotton on record, exercised an
unfavorable influence. But tne close of the
year finds an improvement even in those direc
tions, and returns as to retail trade, and par
tkularly holiday business, are strikingly good
in all sections. Best reports as to distributive
trade naturally come from the grain-growing
sections of the country, whlcji were the first
to meet an improvement resulting from free
foreign demand for our cereals, but indications
are not wanting that this Improvement is
gradually percolating throughout the entire
business community, and coupled with unpre
eeuented expert trade in manufactured goods
and the fact that we are selling two dollars'
worth abroad for every dollar's worth we buy
renders possible the gains reported In distri
butive trade over 1807, ranging from 10 to 40
j.or cent, with likewise good exports from the
manufacturing centers, excepting the textile
industries already mentioned. The export trade
for the country for the year, as above inti
mated, is the heaviest ever known, and will
probably exceed $1,250,000,000 in value, thus
being nearly double the Imports. Our export
trade in manufactured goods. It must b»
observed, is the heaviest ever known, and for
the first time in our country's history ex
ceeded the value of imports of similar goods.
There were 11.683 failures in the United States
In INS, involving liabilities of $141,137,117, a
decrease from 1897 in number of 11.2 per cent,
anil in liabilities 9.5 per cent. Compared with
ISM and 1895 the proportion of decrease shown
jp p.^ n larger. As compared with 1896 failures
were fewer by 23 per cent, and liabilities smaller
by 64 per cent. Decreases are also shown when
compareri with 1891. a year of large trade, but
of numerous costly failures, but compared with
1892 there is an Increase shown of 13 per cent
in number and 30 per cent in liabilities. The
tendency of failures toward the normal is illus
trated by the fact that the percentage of assets
to liabilities is the smallest reported since 1892,
and the annual death rate— that is. the percent
| age of traders falling to those in business— is
likewise the smallest reported since the latter
year, being only 1.06 per cent, against 1.20 in
1897, 1.50 in 1*93. and 1.00 in 1R92. Unsatis
factory conditions in textile lines and some
large failures of banks and other financial
concerns account for the expansion in liabili
ties shown in those sections, while a larger
number of small failures in Pennsylvania and
In some of the Eastern States reflect poor trade
early In "the year ami dullness growing out of
the "war and bad weather.
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 6,292.625 bushels, against 6.M.",
231 bushels last week. ",39.", 061 In the United
States In th_e corresponding week of 1897. 2,977.
7» bushels in 1596. 3.142,573 bushels in 1895, and
3.196,40.' bushels In 1894. Since July 1. this year,
the exports of wheat aggregate 121. 515, 709 bush
els, acalnst 128,961.708 bushels last year.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. Pee. 30.— R. O. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade will say to-morrow:
The year has not only been one of victory, of
Important increase in territory and of incal
culable expansion of the Influence of the
! T'nited States among other nations, but has
| surpassed all other years In financial and In
, dustrlal results. The center of financial power
I has crossed the ocean. After paying debts of
j several hundred millions abroad and conduet
j ing a war to an honorable end, the country
is lending so many millions In Europe that
1 for the first time banks abroad look to New
i York to dictate the rate of exchange. Ex
i ports have been about 11,250,000,000, and the ex-
I cess over imports about $617,000,000, against
I J357.000.000 in 1K97. and in only two previous
j years has the balance risen to $300,000,000. In
no past calendar year have net imports of
| gold reach $7r>,f'nn,ooo. hut this year they have
; been about $140,000,000. November passed all
: previous months in value of produce exports
i but December has gone much beyond Novem-
I ber.
Power in the world's markets comes with a
demand for breadstuffs and other necessaries
never before equaled. Exports of cotton have
J been over 7.700.W0 bales, about 3,936,000.000
pounds, and In no previous year as much as
7,000,000 bales, or 3,500,000,000 pounds. Exports
of breadstuffs have been in value $283,918,294
In eleven months, and never have been as large
In any other year. Exports of wheat for the
year, lacking a day or two, have been 215,
694,686 bushels, flour included, slightly exceeded
only by 225,605.812 In 1892, and of corn 200,979,077
bushels, nearly approached by 189,217,570 in 1897.
The heaviest exports of both grain and flour
in any previous year were 59,000.000 bushels
smaller, only 360,220,513 In 1597. Though wheat
was raised to $1 91 in May. the highest quota
tion with the highest monthly average for
thirty years. 153.23, so that the average for
the first half year was 111.11, exceeded slightly
In 1891, but the highest since ISS3, the De
cember average has been only 72c, 25c below
that of last year, but the year's average, 93c,
the highest since ISSI.
The triumph in finance has been largely due
to Industrial progress. The output of plgiron
has been about 11,645,000 tons, the greatest yet
reached In any year by 2,000,000 tons and
greater than Great Britain ever reached by
2.800,000 tons. Yet the consumption In manu
facture has been still lareer In spite of net
exports of pig, in ten months, 183,039 tons. Ex
ports of iron manufactures in ten months were
about $87,644,538 in value, against Imports of
$13,497,817. Prices shown for the year in the
table of comparisons have been unusually
steady, varying not 5 per cent from the lowest
to the highest, and for finished products not
6 per cent. Textile Industries have been re
tarded by high prices of wool and abnormally
low prices of cotton, both deterring purchases.
In three months cotton re-acned 5.31 cents, the
lowest price for fifty years, the greatest yield
ever known being followed by receipts since
September 357,000 bales larger than last year.
Exports have increased, but not as greatly.
Toward the close recovery came with accounts
of some destruction by storms, and the price
reached 5.87 cents, giving a strong Impulse to
the manufacture, so the takings by Northern
and Southern spinners In the calendar year
have been 3,425,200 bales, a little greater than
any previous crop year. Goods were reduced
In price 5 per cent to the middle of Novem
ber, but have risen 7 >w cent and closed
at the highest point for the year. In spite
of enormous stocks held, wool was bo lifted
that buying both of wool and of goods was
checked early In the year, but a slow decline
began In February. Sales have been only
232,451,131 pounds at the thref chief markets,
so that the mills have probably used less than
a full year's supply, and the stock of goods
was also excessive a year ago.
Failures in the T'nlt»d States for the week
were 252, and in Canada 22. total, 274. against
289 last week. 292 the preceding week and 416
the corresponding week last year, of which
295 were in the United States and 21 in Can
ada. Of failures in the United States 74
have liabilities exceeding $5000 and 178 liabili
ties less than $5000. For four weeks of De- i
cember total liabilities of firms failing were
$11,697,605, against $10,366,586 last year.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Dec. 30.— FLOUR— Receipts,
31,012; exports. 18,90. Rather quiet, but held
6<giloc higher. Minnesota patents, $3 90@4 15;
do bakers', $2 90@3 10.
WHEAT — Receipts. 137,825; exports, 349,407.
Spot, steady; No. 2 red. 80% c. f. o. b. afloat.
Options were once more under bullish control
and in the afternoon passed the recent high
water mark. Besides an increase of outside
trade, clearances were heavy, export demand
larger and a cold wave promised for the winter
wheat belt, now unprotected by snow. Final
prices were l@l4c higher; March, 77 11-16®
"SAic closed "S^c.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS — Tin and copper advanced sharply
again to-day on very favorable news from the
West and abroad. Demand was very urpent.
with sellers hard to find. This strength tended
to tone up the rest of. the market, lead in fact
showing positive firmness at a slight advance.
The prediction was freely made that present
prices were far f ,in top and sensational devel
opments might ne anticipated in the near fu
ture. At the close the Metal Exchange called
plgiron warrants firm, at $7 75, nominal.
LAKE COPPER-Strong: $13 bid, $13 25
asked.
TlN— Strong, with $18 00 bid and $19 asked.
LEAD— Firm: $3 87% bid and $3 !<0 asked.
SPELTER— Unchanged; $5 15, nominal.
Copper was quoted at $12 75 and lead $3 70 by
the firm fixing the settling price for leading
miners and smelters at the West.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to five points higher. Sale?. 20,250 bags. Janu
ary. $5 40; March. $5 70; May, $5 80; August,
$5 ?0; September, $5 95(5'6.
Spot coffee— Rio, quiet but steady. No. 7 in
voice, 6%c; No. 7 Jobbing, "Vie; mild, steady;
Cordova, 7^i<slsc.
SUGAR— Raw, easier; fair refining, 3 13-16 c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 5-16 c; molasses, sugar.
3 9-16 c. Sales, 3772 bags centrifugal. Refined
Irregular.
RUTTHR— Receipts, 2708 packages; market
firm: Western creamery, ir,<g2ic; Elgin, 21c;
factory. 12C 14M>e.
EGGS— Receipts, 2233 packages; market firm.
Western, 27c; Southern, 23'525c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Dec. California dried fruits,
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common. 7@Bc;
prime wire tray. 6%c; choice, 9@9}io; fancy,
10c.
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— RoyaI. ll@14o; Moorpark, 13!g17e.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 9(B)HV4c; peeled, 20(a25c.
CHICAGO GRALN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Dec. 30.— The opening- In wheat
was rather quiet, though a strong undertone 1
was shown, and this notwithstanding yester
day's weak closing. A tendency was shown
by many of the local bulls to dispose of their
lines pending the holiday recess and offer-
Ings from this source were sufficient at first
to satisfy, buyers. Diminishing country offer
ings had evidently affected outsiders, for com
mission houses were all well supplied with or
ders. May opened %@ftc higher at 70ft@7O%c. It
advanced quickly to 71V»c, and by 11 o'clock
May was selling at 71% c. Around 71Vs« profit
taking sent the market down to 71*4 cby noon.
Hut added confidence was given buyers by
the closing Liverpool cables which showed an
advance, and in the last hour's trading May
reached 71% c, the highest point of the day.
A quick drop to 71'4c took place shortly before
the close, partly In sympatny with lake weak
ness in corn, but part of this was immediate
ly recovered, the market closing firm at 71% c
asked.
Corn was fairly active. The market was
firm at times with wheat, but in general It
snowed a tendency to lag, excellent shipping
demand also serving to susta:n . prices.
Oats were comparatively slow. There was
some- buying on the strength of wheat, but
offerings were as a rule ample and price
changes were narrow. It was mostly a
ecalper'p market. May gained VfelSVAc.
There was a large trade In provisions. The
outside demand was heavy and the market at
all times was firm and higher for lard. The
best prices were not maintained, longs taking
profits in the afternoon. At the close May
pork was 5c higher, lard 2ftc higher and rib 3
a shade higher.
The leading: futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December 67% 89 67% 65%
May 70% 71% 704 71%
July 65% 69% 68% 69%
Corn No. 2— .
December 37 1 * 37<i 36% 37v;
May 38ft 38% 384 35%
'July 38% 384 38!* 35%
Oats No. 2—
May 28% ' 25% 284 28Vi
July 26% 26% 26% 26%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January 10 10 10 22>£ 10 10 10 224
May 10 50 10 62% 10 45 10 574
Lard, per 100 pounds— '.
January 5 524 5 624 5 E2ft 560
May 5 75 5 85 5 75 f 824
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
January 4 90 4 95 4 90 4 90
May 620 '5 25 6 174 5 224
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; No. 3 spring Wheat, 64® 69c;
No. 2 red, 71ft@72c; No. 2 Corn. 37% c; No. 2
Oats, 27 ! 4 iff 27% c; No. 3 white, 29@29ftc; No. 2
Rye, 54ft© 54% c: No. 2 Barley, f. o. b.. 41@49c;
No. 1 Flaxseed. $1 11; Prime Timothy Seed.
$2 30@2 35; Mess Pork, per barrel. $S 00(59;
Lard, per 100 pounds, $5 50@5 62ft; Short Alb
Sides, loose, $4 80^5 10; Dry Salted Shoulders,
boxed. 4V4&4%c; Short Clear Sides, boxed. $5 10
©■5 15; Whisky, distillers' finished goods, per
gallon, $1 27; Sugar, cut loaf, unchanged.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 61.000 61.000
Wheat, hushels 167.000 38.0H0
Corn, bushels 363.000 130.000
Oats, bushels 357.000 170,000
Rye. bushels 49,000 18,000
Barley, bushels 36.000 17.C00
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was Irregular: creameries. 14(9 v 2oVjc;
dnirles. 12'^i 17c. Cheese, quiet; S^-gllc. Eggs,
firm; fresh. 24@25c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments,
fitles— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 23f1.04n 26.070
Duluth 12:U7!> 22.633
Milwaukee W. 451 13,wv>
Chicago 107,050 36,300
Toledo , 23.M1 8,000
St. Louis 26.000 28.000
Detroit 17.0.1S
Kansas City 35..i00 49,000
Totals 754,018 182,003
Tidewater-
Boston 55.760 78,377
New York 137.825 349.407
Philadelphia 30.122 1,343
Baltimore 3.". 633 17,604
New Orleans 111,000
Galveston 10,674 109,942
Totals 270,014 667.673
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
Opening 5 10% 6 8«4
Closing 6 2H 5 11>4 5 9^
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Dec. Jan.-Asl.
Opening 45 10 45 55
Closing , 44 75 45 40
Wheat-
Opening 20 65 21 21
Closing ; 20 60 2115
EASTERN* LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Dec. 30.— CATTLE— Prices for cat
tle to-day were stronger to 10c higher for good
to prime lots. Fancy cattle, *5 70^5 95; good to
prime lots, $5@6 70: commoner grades, $3 90®
4 95; feeders. *3@4 40; bulls, cows and heifers,
$2©4 76, the latter price for choice heifers:
Western fed steers, $3 85@5 50; Texans. 13 70®
4 86.
HOGS— was an excellent demand for
hogs, and prices were stronger from the start.
Heavy hogs mostly in demand. Light, $3 30@
3 60; medium. $3 3503 70; heavy, $3 50(g3 70;
culls. $I(£j3 25.
SHEEP— market for sheep and lambs
was stronger, with a fairly active demand.
Sheep. $2 50@4 10; yearlings, $4@4 60. and lambs.
$4@-5 30. Sheep sold largely at $3 60®4, and
lambs at $4 75@5 -: export sheep, $3 80@3 85,
with fancy export sheep salable- as high an
$4.
Receipts— 3000; hogs, 36,000; sheep 7000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. ne C . 30.— CATTLE— Receipts,
8000. Market strong:. Native steers. *3 20@5 30;
cows and heifers, $1 50®4 15; stackers and feed
ers. $3@4 50; bulls, $2 60<33 75.
HOGS— Receipts, 17.000; market steady to
j strong:. Bulk of sales, $3 3503 60; heavies. $3 45
I©3 70; packers, $3 35@3 65: mixed, $3 30@3 60;
lights, $3 I(.'@3 45; pigs $2 80@3 20.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1CO0; market strong.
Laznba, J2 £o@s 10; muttons, $2 25@4.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Dec CATTLE— Receipts, 800.
Market steady. Native beef steers, $4 10@5 40;
i Western steers, $3 80@4 40; cows and heifers,
I $354 25; canners, $2(ifß; stockers and feeders,
■ $3 25@4 80; calves, $4<g7; bulls and stags, %2@
3 80.
HOGS— Receipts, 10,500. Market about steady.
Heavy, $3 2 @3 45; light, 13 47H@3 50; pigs,
$3(83 40; bulk , of sales, $3 45@3 47%.
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market steady.
Native muttons, $3 60@4 25;- Western muttons,
$3 50<&4; lambs, $3 75^5.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Dec. 30.— Silver, 27Ud; French
rentes, lOlf 92& c; wheat cargoes off coast,
nothing doing; cargoes on passage, quiet and
steady; No. 1 Standard California, 30s 6d; Eng
lish country markets, part 6d dearer.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 30.— Wheat In Paris,
quiet; flour in Paris, dull; French country
markets, firmer.
COTTON— Uplands, 8 6-32 d.
WHEAT— Steady. No. 2 red. Western win
ter, stocks exhausted.
CORN— Spot, quiet. American mixed, 8s
ll»4d.
Receipt* of wheat during the past three
days, 333,000 centals, including 213,000 Ameri
can.
Receipts of American corn during the past
three days, 106,400 centals.
Futures, steady. December. 3a lllid;
January (new crop), 3s l0%d; March, 3s 10% d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 30.— Wheat futures closed
firm. December, 6s 2%d; March, 6s mid; May,
6s 9Vtd. ■;■ .■,*rvv
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Dec. 30.-Exchange», $349,676;
balances, $56,505.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Dec. Wheat— Wall* Walla,
We; valley and blue stem. 62c.
Foreign Wheat shipments from Portland for
the week ending to-day were 405.705 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., Dec. 30.— Wheat— Club,
69Vic; blue stem, 62V4@63c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 52%
j Sterling Exchange, Bight — 4 85%
| Sterling Cables — 4 86%
I New York Exchange, sight — . 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce — ■ 69
Mexican Dollars — ♦T'.'j
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Jeanne <r Arc takes for Cork
40.754 ctls. valued at $49,41.".
A rise at Chicago hardened this market, both
on and off call, though business continued light.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 16>4@1 17%; milling.
$1 20@l 22%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — May—
ctls, $120%; 4000, $121; 26.000, $1 21V, ; 10,000.
$1 21%.
Second May— 4ooo ctls, $121; 10,000,
$1 21"m.
Regular morning session— 4ooo ctls, $1 21%; 10,
000, $1 21%.
Afternoon session— — ctls. $1 21U:
4000. $1 21%.
BARLEY— Holders continue to Insist on full
figures and the market Is firm, though sales
are small.
Feed. $1 27%@1 324; Brewing, $1 35@1 45 per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— o'clock— No sales.
Second session — No sales.
Regular morning session— No sales.
Afternoon session— No sales.
OATS— The holiday season restricts trade,
but the tone of the market is stiff and an ad
vance Is not unlikely in the near future.
Fancy Feed. $1 30@l 32Vi per ctl; Rood to
choice, $1 2bft\ 27H; common. $1 CO^l T>u,; Sur
prise. $1 35^1 424; Oray. $1 2551 30: Milling,
$1 27>^ftl 32 I,*1 ,* per ctl; Red, $1 45@1 00; Black.
$1 fin.fi $1 78.
CORN— Holders continue firm, but the de
mand is alack.
Pmall round yellow. $1 10; Eastern large yel
low, $1 mt^l 15; white, $1 12Vi«l 15; mixed,
tl 07%@l 10 per ctl; California white, $1 12H@
1 IF*.
RYE — California, $1 174#1 224; Eastern,
$1 13 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15@4 25; bakers'
extras. $3 90®4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, $7: Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25: Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Croats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 2f)@3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina,
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled Oats
(barrels), $5 85<Q6 25; in sacks, $T> 65@6 03; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peas, J4 50
per 100 lbs.
MAT AND FEEDSTTTFFS.
Jtmn and Middlings have advanced.
Hay Is firmer, the medium grades in particu
lar. The tendency In prices is upward. The
demand for Monterey and the Salinas Valley
is keeping the market well cleaned up.
BRAN— slfi 50618 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 9 66022 r .O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $26 50(327 50
per ton; oilcake Meal at the mill, $314f31 50;
jobbing, $32<5'32 SO; Cocoanut Cake. $24(525; Cot
tonseed Meal, *2SifT3O per ton; Cornmeaf. $23 50®
24 50: Cracked Corn. $24fj25
CALIFORNIA HAY — Wheat. $17@1S 50 for
good to choice and $15(?zlfi 50 for lower grades;
no fancy coming in: Wheat and Oat, $16017;
Oat, $14(gl6; Island Barley. $13<</14; Alfalfa, $12
(§'l3 60; Stock, none; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDK HAY (from Oregon, Utah etc )—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $13 5fl«?15; Cheat.
$12@12 75; Alfalfa. : Oat, $13 50® 15; Clover
|UQU; Timothy. $11 50(513 50 per ton.
STRAW— 3S(§ 75c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The markets under this head are still dull
and will probably remain so until after the
first of the year.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 85<g2: Small Whites, $2 15
©2 20; Large Whites, $1 80@l 95; Pinks, $1 9Ki&
2 06; Reds. $3 1603 25; Blackeye. $3 75*34 ; But
ters, $2@2 50; LI mas, $3 25@3 35; Pea, $2 25@2 40;
Red Kidneys, $2 4001 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 50@4 75 per ctl;
yellow mustard, $4 23: Flax, $?4?2 25; Canary
Seed. 2Vi@2%c per 1b; Alfalfa, SHO63&C; Rape,
2^<52%c; Hemp. 24@3c; Timothy, 5@54c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 50@l 75; Green, $1 75
@1 85 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Onions have again advanced. Potatoes re
main unchanged. Vegetables are lower and
are not as good as they have been.
POTATOES— 6S@7Sc per ctl for Early Rose;
60@70c per sack for River Burbanks; Salinas
Burbanks, $I@l 15; Oregon, 65c@$l; Sweet Po
tatoes, $1 60@l 85 for Merced; New Potatoes
2#2^c per lb. '
ONIONS— per ctl; Oregons bring 90c
@$1 10.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, s@6c: String
.Beans, 6<gSc; Cabbage, 40@50c: Tomatoes 75c@
$1 25 for Los Angeles; Egg Plant, 10c per lb;
Garlic, 7@Bc per lb; - Dried Okra, 15c per lb"
Green Peppers, 4@sc per lb; Dried Peppers,
10® 15c;. Marrowfat Squash, $B@lo per ton; Car
rots, 25@35c per sack.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Game Is firm at the quotations.
There is still a little Eastern Poultry on
hand, but there will be no more In this week.
Turkeys are in better supply and weaker.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 44®17c; live
Turkeys. $l2H@l3c for Gobblers and 12U@13c
for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 60@l 73; Ducks
$4 50®C: Hens, S3 50@4 50: young Roosters, $4®
5; old Roosters, $3 50@4; Fryers, $4®4 50; Broil
ers, $4 for large. $3<ii<3 50 for small; Pigeons
1101 25 per dozen for old and $1 60@2 for
Squabs.
GAME— Quail. $I^l 50; Mallard. $3@4 GO-
Can-vasback, $4@6; Sprig;. |2 50@3; Teal 51 25©
1 50; Widgeon, $1 50<Sl 75: Small Duck. $1 25-
English Snipe, $202 50; Jack Snipe, $I@l 25-
Gray Geese. $2 50(fi'3; White Geese, $1 25: Brant
$1 50@l 75; Honkers, $3@4 50; Hare, $1; Rabbits
$1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for small.
. BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter and Eggs continue. to shade off under
a light demand. Cheese, too, is easier. All
three descriptions are quiet.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy ; creameries, 27lg l 28c; sec
onds. 25<g26c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 22'§;24c; common,
grades, 18@21c. . .
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 17@18c; pickled roll,
17(g)18c for dairy and 19@20c for creamery
squares; creamery tub. 22@22V4c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, I6SIGUO per
lb; Elgin. 22@22%0.
CHEESE— mild 1 new, lie; old, '10
©lie; Cream Cheddar, 12@12Hc; Toung Amer
ica. 12<g 13c; Eastern. 10<ai'2c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 34©36 c per dozen; sec
onds, 30@33c; store Eggs. 25@30c; Eastern, 22fc
@25c tor ordinary and 28{i30c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Cranberries are cleaned up.
Citrus fruits are still dull, owing mainly to
the cold weather.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35©60 c for common, 76c@Jl per box
for No. 1 and Jl 25@1 50 for choice. Lady Ap
ples, Jl 2531 75; Apples, in barrels, $5®9.
Pears — 50cg$l 25 per box.
Persimmons — 10@75c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $I@2 50 per
box; Seedlings, "sc@sl 50; Mandarins, $l@l 25;
Lemons, 75c(35l 50 for common and $2@3 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $3 50@4; Cali
fornia Limes. 2Ji??6oc per small box; Grape
Fruit, Jl 50JT3 50; Bananas. {1 50Q2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3@5 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS. j
The market is flat at unchanged quotations.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, 6^c for 40-50's, 4ft@ j
5c for 60-60" s, 3%@3%c for 60-70' s, 2\@-3c for ;
70-80' s, 2y*@2Hc for 80-90' s, 2c for 90-100' s and
lVa@l\c for 100-110' s> Silver Prunes. 2H®sc; j
Peaches, 6@~4c for good to choice. 7M>@Bc for
fancy and 10t? 12'-4c for peeled; Apricots, lO^lic I
for Royals and 12%'5 I l3^ic for Moorpark; Evap
orated Apples, 7Vi@7MiC; sun dried, 4S4V; I
Black Figs, sacks, 2@2V2c: Plums. 4H@6c for j
pitted and I®lVsc for unpitted; Nectarines, fis I
7c for prime to fancy; Pears, 6@Sc for quarters |
and SfJ?9c for halves.
RAISINS— 3% c for two-crown, <%c for three
crown, s*«c for four-crown. SH@6U(C for Seed
less Sultanas, 4'jc for Seedless Muscatelß and
Jl 20 for London Layers: Dried Grapes. 2*i'.;3c.
NUTS— Chestunts. B@l2Hc per lb; Walnuts,
7@6c for hardshell. 9<310c for softshell; Al
monds, 7@Bc for hardshell, 13@14c for softshell,
15@16c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 6<g>7c for East
ern and 4Vi@sc for California; Cocoanut.*. J4 60
@K.
HONEY— Comb. 10®llc for bright and B<B9o
for lower grades; water white extractej, 6Vi®
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, o@ssic
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@ 26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
■Lard »nd Cottolene are firm at the advane*.
The other descriptions are dull and unchanged.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 7%c per lb for
heavy, 8c for light medium, 10c for llKht, 10^c
for extra light and 12@12V4c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sngar-cured Hams, 10@10Hc; California
Hams, 9^@9%c; Mess Beef, $10 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef, $12 50; extra
Prime Pork, $10; extra clear. $18; mess. Jls 60@
16; Smoked Beef, 11%9120 per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at s^c per !b for com
pound and 7%@7%c for pure; half barrels, pure
8c; 10-lb tins, R J ic; 5-Ib tins, PHo.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. fiH^S**'!; packages
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls. 60 in a case, 9»4c;
3-lb pails. 20 In a case, B%c; 5-lb rails, 12 in a
case, S'i-c; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case, B%c; 60-lb
tin 3, 1 or 2 In a case, l%c: wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B»fcc; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%0; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AXD HOPBL
A review of the Wool market for IS9B appears
In the first column.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sail
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium. B^c; light, 8c; Cowhides.
8c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 8c; Calf, 8c; dry
Hides, sound, 35c; culls and brands. 12c 1 dry
Kip and Yea!, 10c; dry Calf, 17c; Sheepskins,
Bhearlings, lb@2Zc each; short wool, 30®40c
each: medium, 60(&!s0c; lons wool, 90c® Ji io
each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 765? 2 for large and
75c for small; Colts, 50c; Horse Hides, dry, $1 50
for large and Mc<j?sl for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3'4@3%c per lb-
No. 2, 2%c; refined, 4%050; Crease, 2c.
WoOL, — Spring clip? — Southern Mountain, 1'
months', 709 c; San Joanuln and Southern, 7
months 1 , B<S'9c; Foothill and Northern, fre«, 12
<g>l4c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 9@llc,
Humboldt and Mendocino. H@lsc; Nevada, 9ii
lie; Eastern Oregon, 10@12c. **
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendocino 91311
Northern Mountain 7@ g
Southern 6@ 7ft
Plains s@> 6
HOPS— IB9B crop, 12%@14e per lb for ordinary
14%'gUo 1 ic for good and 16©18 c for choice to
fancy.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bag's for next season,
nominal, at 4 7 j»'J?5c; Wool Bags, 26®28c; San
Quentin Bags. $4 85.
COAL— Wellington, JS per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfield Wellington, $7 uO; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $0; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $S; Cumberland, $S 50@9 in bulk and $10
@10 2o In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Cannel. ?S 50 per ton; Rock Springs and
Castle Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk
and $14 in sacks.
RlCE— China mixed. $3 ?5@4; China No. 1,
$4 50@4 90; extra do, $s<gs 35; Hawaiian, $5 50;
Japan. $1 Bo@4 75; Louisiana, $0 50^6 GO.
Sl'GAß— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6 T £c; Powdered, 5%c; Candy
Granulated. S T ic; Dry Granulated, 5%c; Confec
tionern' A. Hie; California. A. 5V6c; Magnolia A.
6*»c; Extra C, W4c; Golden C, 6Hc; half-barrels.
He more than barrels, and boxes He more. No
order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent.
LINSEED OlL— Has again advanced to 50c
for raw and a2c per gallon for boiled in bar
rels. Cases, 5c more.
L.UCOL— Is hiKher at 45c per gallon for boiled
In barrels and 43c for raw. Cases 5c more
TURrK.VTINK— Is higher at 64c in cases and
S9c per gallon in drums or iron barrels.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
No further change in quotations. Now and
then a choice beef brings 7c, but 6%0 is about
the top of the average market.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6^6^: second qual
ity. O-aS'ic; third quality, 4%05%C.
VEAL— Large. 6M:®7^c: small. 6H@Be per lb.
MfTTON— Wethers, 7@7Ujc; Ewes, 7c.
LAMB— 7 I ,i'ffße per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4@4Hc for large. 4*4(ff4%c
for medium, and 3V4@3V 2 c for small; stock
Hogs. 2V2@3c; dressed Hogs. 6@6Hc for prime.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday, Dec. SO.
Flour, qr sks 6,o4s|Hay, tons 402
Wheat, ctls 35,766 Straw, tons 5
Barley, ctls 3,795 Pelts, bdls 239
Cheese, ctls 26 Hides, no 202
Butter, ctls 95 Lime, bbls 91
Beans, sks 126 Leather, r0115.... 494
Potatoes, sks 1,817 Quicksilver, flks. 150
Onions, sks 144 Eggs, doz 5,640
Bran, sks 30 Raisins, bxs ,s">o
Middlings, sks 400 Sugar, sks 805
Brandy, gals 9,7Si> Sugar, bbls 134
Wine, gals 18.600'
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 420|
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 400|
NEVADA.
Hay. tons 101
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Changes this week are remarkably few. But
ter is cheaper. Eggs and Cheese are unchanged.
Poultry and Game stand about the same as
last week. There is no change of consequence
In Fruits and Vegetables.
Following is The Call's regular weekly
price list:
Coal, per ton —
Cannel $ ©12 00 1 Castle Gate.. l 9 60©
Wellington . QlO (K)!southfield
New Welling- ! Wellington ■ a 9 50
ton «?10 00. Coos 8ay..... Q) 700
Seattle 8 60® 1 "* '00
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, fancy, per ' Cheese, Swiss... 20025
square — <§60 Common Eggs . 3ji&-
Do, per roll 50055 Ranch Eggs, per
Do. good — @45' dozen 40(3
Pickled 35*40 1 Honey Comb per
Firkin, per lb..— lb li/Slii
Cheese, Cal ©15 Do, extracted .'."— ©in
Cheese, .Eastern. .ls@l7l **
Meats/ per lb. —
Bacon 12®17\Pork, fresh ... ©i?
Beef, choice 12<513 Pork, salt .. *l(M?i'
Do. good ...... S®lo Pork, chops !"*"_S??
Corned Beef — «j> 8 Round Steak "" 10^12
Ham, Cal 12*4015! Sirloin Steak isSis
Do. Eastern Porterhouse. do""— i&^o
Lard 12@15. Smoked Beef., "i"?m
Mutton 10JU2 Pork Sausages v£%«n
Lamb 12@15iVeal _?;±loS2
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each. 50® 60; Quail, pr doz 1 75® _
Young Roost- ! Mallard, pair iff, ™
. ers, each ... 50® 65 Canvasback or & M
Old Roosters, pair ... i nfl»i -a
each 40£ 60 Wig. Pr pa fiol -
Fryers, each.. 50® - Teal, pr pair ' 40i»
Broilers, each. -$ 40 Widgeon, pair $$ ™
Turkeys, pr lb -© 20 Small Duck as®
Ducks, each... 50® 75 Wild Geese nr ® ~"
Geese, each... 1 OOftl 25 pair ...... P 50(ffi en
Pigeons, pair.. 25® 50 English Snipe ®
Rabbits, pair. — & 40 1 per doz 2 V)r»
Ha e. each.... -© 20 Jack Snipe! ! x cS@l j5j 5
Fruits and Nuts— ■■■ ** °
Almonds, lb 10®12|L!mes. doz iivni-
Apples, lb 4© 6. Oranges, doz '-"'in
Bananas, doz 15©20 Pears, per lb if 2
Cranberries, pr qt.l2«lt ' Raisins, lb twin
Grapes, per 1b... BglU .Walnuts, lb i?«;-
Lemons. doz 20@— " *°
| Vegetables —
Artichokes. doz.Ss@l % Mushrooms, lb 25<sso
Beets, doz 12-Si:, Onions, lb J«'?
Beans, white, lb.. 4« 5 Potatoes, lb I!"'" 2© 3
Colored, lb ...... 4« 5 Do, Sweet .'." '§1 I
Lima, lb ..::::: s®— Parsnips dbz limn
Cabbage, each.... 5010 Radishes, ,iz bchsioav
Cauliflowers, each 3010 Sage, doz bnchs"fi«
Celery, bunch 5§- String Beans lb! ill IS
Cress, doz buchs.2o®2s Thyme, i . ' Im4
Green Peas. 1b..10@12 1 Turnips, doz '. S
£SSSa. dboz".:::::iiIJd b oz".:::::iiIJ| Toma^- »"» w
Fish, per Ib.— -
Barracuda _@_ig hrimp .
CarP 50 6 Shad Hi")
Codfish 10®12S £ a B.L3S :.' iof}2
Flounders gfi 6 ! Smelts is« is
Herring 8<&10 Sole 8 /..r.V.I twin
Klnfflah ::::::::: Br,,iO|Tomcod e^.::::::S
Mackerel _®_ I ciams K a!
«ocKnsn 10<& 12 1 Musses, qt 10fin2
nocKnsn 10<b12 Mu?eels, at lOifilis
Salmon, smoked.. Oysters Pol TooJnS
TUB CALL'S CALENPAB.
December, 189*. _
-
2
Sa.
8
[ Moon 1 * Pbas
Quar;
l& December
,er,
ti.
£*. Kew Moon.
\iJ December
-fvi'lrnt Quarter,
■g December 19.
©Full Moon.
December IT.
V
31
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
fr xavigaw£ n "re cordially Invited to visit th.
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
fo? comparison and reference and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matter*
° The Time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
reived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether th» ball was drorpe<T
on time or giving the error, if any. is published
in the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lleutonant. U. S. N-. In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
Unlt*d States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
TVaters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Franolsco Bay. Published by official au
thority at the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. DECEMBER 3L
Bun rises 7:25
Sun sets ........5:01
Moon rises ' : " p. m.
D Time Tim* Time Time
£ 1 Ft. Ft- Ft. 1 Ft.
? HWI L "W HW Ii W
ITT.. 2:31 4.7 7:12 8.1 12:55 4.7 7:41 0.1
1 ... 2:61 4.9 .8:10 2.8 1:51 4.8 8:16 0.4
2 ... 3:24 8.0 9:11 2.4 2:44 4.2 8:53 0.8
3 ... 3:59 6.2 10:11 2.0 3:46 3.9 9:36 1.3
4 ... 4:34 5.4 11:11 1.5 5:04 3.6 10:21 1.8
5 ... 6:14 6.5 12:10 1.0 6:30 3.5 11:09 2.3
6 ... 5:56 5.8 1:08 0.6 7:5S 3.6
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence aa to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column erlvea the
last tide of the day, except wtien there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The height*
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Offlc«, U. S. NNt. t Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.. De
cember 30, 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at t
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGH"EB.
Lieutenant. 17. S. N., In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Mackinaw Tacoma Dec.
Acapulcn Panama Dec.
Corona San Diego Dec.
Columbia Portland Dec.
Chas. Nelson... jPuget Sound |Dec.
Chllkat 'Humboldt jDec.
Grace D011ar.... i Grays Harbor Jan.
Ruth I Coos Bay 'Jan.
Wellington (Departure Bay I Jan.
Protection Seattle iJan.
Orizaba Newport [Jan.
Empire Coos Bay Ijan.
Queen Victoria & Puget SoundlJan.
Pomona Humboldt IJan.
Samoa Humboldt Jan.
Willamette Nanaimo Jan.
Australia (Honolulu Jan.
Mlneola JTacoma Jan.
Aloha Point Arena 'Jan.
Santa Rosa !San Diego |Jan.
Arcata [Coos Bay Jan.
Crescent Clty...iCreseont City Jan.
State California] Port land !Jan.
Point Arena 'Point Arena Jan.
Progrepo ! Seattle ! Jan.
Coos Bay INewpnrt Jan.
Curacao (Mexico Jan.
Doric (China & Japan Jan.
Xorth Fork 'Humboirit : Jnn.
I STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Coos Bay... 'Newport IDec. 31, 9 am Pier 11
Pt, Arena. . 'Point Arefia.. !l>ec. 31, 3 pnrPier 2
Centennial [Pugret Sound.. l Dec. 31, 5 pm!Pier 27
T T matilla ..;Vic & Pgt Bd. Jan. 1, 10 am Pier 3
Chllkat ....iHumboldt Jan, 1. fl amlPier 13
Corona |San Diego Jan. 2, 11 amlPier 11
Columbia ..[Portland |Jan. 3, 10 ami Pier 24
Stffnal 'Orays Harbor Jan. S, 4 pm|
Orizaba ..[Newport Jan. 4, 9 amiPler 11
Pomona jHumboldt 'Jan. 4, 2 pm'Pler 9
C. Nelson . . 'Pufce* Sound.. jjan. 6, 10 anvPler 2
Santa Rosa' San Diego !Jan. 8, 11 amPler 11
Arcata |Coos Bay Jan. 6. 10 am Pier 13
Queen IVlc & Pgt Sd.iJan. 6, 10 amPler 9
State of Call Portland I Jan. 8. 10 am Pier 24
Pier
Pier
IPier
Pier
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRn'ED.
Thursday, December I*.
Btmr Coos Bay, Ol«low, 107 hours from New
port (S), eto.
Friday. December 80.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 26 hours from Eu
reka.
Bktn Omaga, Harrington, 6 days from Orays
Harbor.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen, S3 hoar* from
San Diego, via San Pedro.
Ship St Nicholas, Grant, IS days from De
parture Bay, via Clallam Bay 7 days.
Schr Ida McKay, Johnson, 7 days from Grays
Harbor.
Br schr Enterprise, Anderson, 8 days from
Kyuquot Island (Vancouver Island).
CLEARED.
Friday, December M.
Ptmr Coos Bay. Glelow, San Pedro; Ooodall
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Br stmr Wyefleld, Cartmer, Nanalmo; John
Rosenfeld's Sons.
Schr Mary Dodge. Hansen, Hana; Cbaa Nel
son.
EArLED.
Friday, December Mt
Stmr Geo W Elder, Hlnkle, Astoria.
Stmr Hueneme, Johnson, Eureka.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgensen, Fort Bragj.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Panta Cru».
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Fr bark Jeanns d'Arc, Dlenland. Queens
town.
Schr Melanethon, Olsen, Coos Bay.
Schr Gotoma, Johannlssen, Coos^Bay.
Schr Mary Dodge, Hansen, Hana.
.Schr Reliance, Steinbom.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen. Phelps Landing.
Stmr Arcata, Reed. Coos Bay.
CHARTERS.
Wheat charters from the north are as fol
lows: Gwydyr Castle and Montgomeryshire
from Tacoma. and Norma from Portland, 3ls
3d; W H Wilson from Tacoma, 30s.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec 30, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CLALLAM BAY— Sailed Dec 30— Schr R VT
Bartlett, for San Pedro; ship Hecla, for Syd
ney; Haw ship Star of Russia, for Honolulu;
Br ship Riverside, for Queenstown; ship Lu
cile, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 30— Schr Ethel
Zane, from Olympla.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 30— Stmr South Coast,
hence Dec 27; stmr Alliance, hence Dec 28
EL'REKA— Arrived Dec 30— Stmr Samoa, hno
Dec 29
NEWPORT (S)— Arrived Deo 30— Schr J A
Campbell, from Port Blakeley.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Dec 80— Schr Ban
gor, for San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrtvad Dec 30— Ship
J"hn A BrigKs. from Chemainus. for Cape
Town; schr Maria E Smith, from San Diego,
for Port Lur'low.
PORT GAMBLE -Arrived Dec 30— Schr Baa-
Bor, from Port Ludlow.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Dec 30— Schr Maria
E Smith, from San Pedro.
GRAYS HARB^n— Arrived Dec 29— Schr Re
porter, from Guaymas.
SAN PEDRO-Arrlved Dec 30-Schr Norma.
from Port Gamble; bark Oakland, from Ev
erett.
BOWENS LANDING- Arrived Dec 30-Pchr
Newark, hence Dor jv
PORT ANGELES-Railed Dec 30— Ship J B
Brown, from Chemalnus. fn r Sydney schr
Maria E Smith, for Port Ludlow
COOS BAY— Arrived Dec SO— Stmr Bonlta.
henre Dec 27.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Dec 80-Btrar
Albion, for San Francisco; Haw stmr F;in Ma
teo, for Comox.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Deo ZH— Stmr Advance,
from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior Dec SO-Br stnr
Moar.a, h-nce Dec 2.
HOLYHEAD— Railed Deo 20— Ger bark fl
n-kfeld. for Honolulu.
THE WEEKLY CALL,
$1 per Year*NEWS OF SPORTS AND SPORTING MATTERS
EL ESTRO IS
POSSESSED OF
GREAT SPEED
Defeated Fast Com
pany at Long Odds.
FIRST TIME AT THE BARRIER
ZAMAK WON GALLOPING FRODt
HUGH PENNY.
First Call Ran Away From San Ven
ado — Aluminum First at Odds of
30 to I— Opponent a Shifty
Sprinter.
Tt remained fur the Baldwin stables to
furnish the sensational feature of the rac-
Ing ;it Oakland yesterday afternoon. In
the third event, a five furlong scramble
two-year-olds, Santa Anita sent to
st a brown Oily by imported Ches
-a. named El Estro. It
was her firm appearance with the silk
up, and the ring laid 30 and 40 to 1 against
her. Plggott had the mount on the green
one, and catching Magdalenas, the favor
ite, n< Ldock won by two lengths
in 1:00*. R«y Hooker also headed the
favorite, taking the plaoc
Am rtunate investors on the
winner vas Mr. I'nruh. manager of the
Anita ranch, who won a small for
tune.
Throughout it was tempestuous sailing
for t: - Aluminum from Barney
ii-r's stable was another long
winner, taking the second ■
a'- od to L Opponent and First
the ! rites.
I Co. start* d < tppoj ■
n the opening . r the
Futuritj c >ui>- .1 choice in
tting with • ■ ■. g( [ding won
driving fr. m thi • a neck. ■
Tyrai
• eloped play on
al Dame to win the scramble that
l
rite Thorpe, who h.ad the leg
•■ ■ from th<
Bhe finished fourth. Johnny
Is on the rank outsider Aluminum
the bunch In the Btretch, and in a
Irive downed Cardwell a head. The
. ti • short of work, wad a close
■
Lyan'a colt First Tall made a gallop
of ti..- mile Belling run. Always a
1 ■ ■ ■ • quickly showed first,
winning in a gallop from Pan Venado.
man led Rosemaid, the only other
■ ■ honors.
talent fell in a ht-ap over the ilown
■f Hugh Penny In the s-nx furlong
= pin. Thi
Ite, and was actually
the first quarter l>v Ora
against which one
Zamar, ih-
tnd slow sprinter from Dan H
out in front, making
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Friday, Dec. 30, 1898.— Twenty-eighth
day of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track fast.
J. A. MURPHY. Presiding Judge. JAMES B. FERGUSON, Starter.
aOQ FIRST irtty course (!70 feet less than six furlongs); selling; three-yeur-
TOt/t olds and upward; purse, $300.
I
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St.
... Opponent. 3 105 8
427 Cavallo, 4 106 1
4.*5 Prince Tyrant, 3... 108 4
427 Mf-adowlark. 6 105 3
427 Fly, a 105 1
427 Glen Anne. 3 I'jj' fl
4^4 Scintillate, 3 105 6
423 Losette, 3 105,10
87 Averine. 3 10.1;12
3^5 YRnaclo, 3 105 5
... Peru 11. 6 110111
... Miss Alice. 3 10a| 7
I'.dex Hone. Aite. Wi
'»ni.
■»im.
%m.
6 4
2 2
6 4
3 4
1 2
7 1
11 1
10 1
8 1
12
4J,i
%m.
»m.
5 y3y 3
3 2
1 4
2 li
1 4
6 1
• I
10
1!
9 1
12
7_l
s »m.
Str.
1 4
2 1
4 1
3 h
j'tf
I
■
n
12
Str.
I | Betting.
Fin. i Joekeyo
1 n N. Turner j 3 5-2
1' 4 ;Thori>e 3 5-2
8 3 ;(iray 5 6
4 2 Rutter 5 J<
5 l Power i 6 10
6 4 1. Powell 4
7 1 iIT. Martin....; IT, 15
S 2 J. Woods ' 2'> SO
9 1 W. H. Martin
1" I Holmea I
11 4 [Henneasy SO 30
12 - Is ... 20 40
T,. i l:00H; short \. 1:104. Winner. F. W. Doss A Co.'s eh. g. by
Onond ; . Won first thr»* driving.
'. a long, linrd drive. Mead^wlark and Fly wore badly lmer'erod with
In sl: . ||d have won with a rider up that would have tried.
are of at the FtretHi turn.
AAC\ SECOND RACE— Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
Index Horse. Age. Wei|
ndex Hone. Ape. Weight. jSt.
421 Aluminum, 3 105 3
427 Cardwell. 5 110 6 ;
... The Last, 3 105 2
427 Colonial Dame. 3.. 107 9
... Bessie Lee. 3 105 10
379 Oratlfy. 5 105 14
427 pny, 4 105 13
87. B. Schreiber, 3.... 100 1
395 Defiant. 3 105 11
356 Majesty. 3 105 7
320 Spry Lark, 5 100 o
3Vii> Byron Cross, 3 105 4
315 Pryi r, 5 106-U
835 Dolly D. 5 IPS) 8
%m.
%m.
8 h
6 h
2 2
7 2
3 3
11 h
13 1
12 4
12 3
9 4
4 1
14 *
14
10 2
%m.
Km.
4 4
6 1
1 1
6 3
5 3
8 4
11
2 1
12
10 1
9 1
7 1
13
14
Km.
Str.
Str.
I Betting.
Fin. Jockeys. Op. ci.
1 h J. Woods I 10 25
2 4 Plggott 5 7
'3 4 «ray 8 9
4 2 Thorpe 3 13-5
5 4 Powell 15 30
6 1 N. Turner.... 9-5 7-2
7 4 Holmes 5 8
8 1 H. Martin.... 8 8
9 1 Garrlgan 20 60
10 2 W. H. Martin 10 16
11 1 J. Power 80 60
12 1 Rutter 10 25
13 10 L. Bennett ..100 300
14 F. Bennett. 60 200
Time— M 21%: 4, :46: %. l:024; short \. 1:1IH- Winner, B. Schreiber'B eh. g. by Imp.
Malium-'Jlitter. Good start. Won nrst three driving.
Aluminum was fortunate. His last race was a bad one. Away better Colonial Dame
have won. The Laet was a bit short. Bessie Le« was tried for a "killing." Cappy
Iced.
Scratched— Tenri^a I 1"'".I 1 "'".
AA\ THIUP RACE— Five furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $350.
. _ r— j
Index. Horse. W.-lpht Bt. 4m. %m. Str. Fin, j Jo
. . — ' ■ ~~ ~—l~~ — 1~
I
Wei eh t. Bt.
Urn.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
... El l>tro 110 3
(422) i ■•»• Hooker 1* 7
(437) I ilenaa 103 *
(41&) Good Hope l'ti 2
361 Elizabeth X « 6
415 Ann Page 103 5
422 Tit mm I 1 * 1
... Gin Slin* 101 8
429 La Patasßeuwe ....103 9
2 '4
6 1
1 1
5 4
7 1
" 4
4 h
8 1
9
8 1
6 4
1 1
4 4
6 H
7 1
2 4
8 6
9
2 1
4 1
1 %
3 4
5 1
7 2
6 «
8 8
9
1 2
2 4
I 4
4 h I
5 1
6 10
7 2
8 10
9
Pigßott
H. Martin....
Devin
J. Woods
i,~»_
:Oray
12 30
11-5 19-5
2 12-5
5-3 18-5
6 8
12 12
3 7
100 300
100 100
I. Powell
I.
M
Thorpe "
M. Kelly
Coburn
Timt— « -12 1 *- % :35: W 1:00%. Winner. E. J. Baldwin's br. f. by Imp. Chesterfield-
t. rienira Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving
r'S, U « rare good maiden. Rey Hooker waited on Magdalenas too long. Throw
nut Ann I'iw'ii race. She had plenty of speed left.
Scra"chfe i-Fortlg 98. Malay 108. The Minister 107, DunpraJse 104.
A AC* FOURTH RACE— One mile; Belling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
44iJ« .
:-; ... ;.
Index Horse. Ak". Weight.
Hm.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
I Bel
(Op.
/ir>\ vsr-'t ;,, 1 107 4 14 1 2V4 12 12 124 N. Turner I 4-5 1
!£S!=f v v I ? \' l^:::::::| il
427 Tu.BfmaKJ, 3...» I » : _gi_« 4 * 4 4 4 l Devln |80 60
Time-/ -25- Vi -49- «i 1:144; mile, 1:404. Winner, P. Ryan's b. c. by Imp. Order-
Ral ££ \v , n »aslly." Second and third easily. Venado ran well.
i tie race wenjn hand from the start. San Venarto ran well.
A.A*i FIFTH RACK— Six furlongs; selling; year-olds and upward; purge, $400.
N. Turner I 4-5
Plggott I 3-2
•T. Daly 3
Devln I 80
1
2
9-2
60
purse, $400.
Index Horse. Apr Weight.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
412 Zamar 11, 4 107 1
346 Hutch Penny, a. no 5
421 K«.ni»ln, .',.... . M 4
SOS Head warmer, r. . . . tool S
... Geo. H. Ketchatn, 4.1011 2
421 Gradaa, 3 &4| 6
1 «
8 h
I
2 1
4 h
I :
1 6
1 •'-■%
b 2
2 1
4 h
6
1 4
2 3
4 3
3 4
B 10
fi
1 4
2 6
3 6
4 h
6 15
6
jj i nnrpe i
Turner I
Hal Brown i
Powell i
r» k.
5-2
M 0
is
10
200
8-2
1-2
60
12
12
600
[Roach j
See !
-24- % -4s«i- % 113% Winner. D. A. Honlg's b. g. by St. Carlo-Imp. Royal
BeB L m a n r^ln & SjrtS^jWMoSf Hugh Penny was at a ,o,s for
■^™?c~A l " StVill?!.^ ?Hf Mainstay 106. Defender 102. Free Lady 104. Homestake
9S. Fig Leaf 102. •——————=================
AA A SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs;
purse, $400.
Inrt^x Horse. Age. Weight.
'im.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(431) Hohenlohe. 3 107 5
-Jti\ ..-. 5 IVt 4
413 Cyril, t 104| 6
. illder, 3 104 3
Tom Cromwell. 1,. .1 it 1
.ilv.ik... :t 104! 2
428 Nonchalance, 4 112 7
Happy. 3 1041 *
4 h
3 1
I?
82
1 H
54
4 4
1 h
2 2
6 4
3 1
I h
7
5 4
2 1
1 h
6 4
5 h
* 4
7
3 h
1 4
2 4
5 1
4 4
• 1
7
1 ns
2 1
3 2
4 ! i
5 2
6 4 I
!.. i
rnorpt
Rutter
Turner
McNirhols ...
PiSKOtt
8
3
1
6
4
100
100
8
4
4
(-5
8
15
200
KM
15
V. H. Martin
r. Power
)evin
% -13- % -37- «4 l:02W; %. 1:27%. Winner, William Boots & Son's br. c. by Imp.
BruTu Brown Maria! Good start ei<ep, % Happy. Won flnt drivinir
A poo* send-off downed the favorite. Too much use wan made or uapu>e
part. Guilder reoelved a calm looking ride.
Scratched- I'aul Kruger 107. Llbertlna lit
one huge joke of the whole affair. p£nnv
I ,^ -V drive to get the P lace mm
crippled, infirm and heart broken Kara
sin*
Again in the concluding number P. Ryan
furnished the favorite in Cyril. Nash
I timer was the driver and sucoeeeded in
getting a poor start. Cyril finished a
dose third. Captive looked a winner to
within a few strides of the wire, where
lhorpe on Hohenlohe got up, winning
oy a short head.
Track Notes.
Jockey Johnny Woods' contract
with Burns & W.iterhouse will
expire next week. The boy will
not be re-engaged by that firm
on account of increasing avoirdupois.
However, if Johnny handles all of his
mounts in future as well as he did the
outsider Aluminum he will not be on
the ground much.
Twenty-one bookmakers weighed in
yesterday. Holiday money is a great at
■ion.
Six two-year-old stakes of the Califor
nia Jockey Club close on Monday. Janu
ary 2. They are as follows: The Rac
ing stakes, $1000. four furlongs; the
Hying stakes, $1000, four furlongs; the
« i«terhouse stakes, $1230, four and a half
furlongs; the General Arthur stakes,
J'-o four and a half furlongs; the Can
delari nan-. .cap, $1300, live furlongs; the
Gebhard stakes, $2000, Futurity course.
To-Day't. Entries.
First — Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and upward; selling.
421 O'Fleta 107 423 MrFarlane 107
426 Munzanilla 107 426 Shasta Water...
429 Eventide 107 423 Frank Jaubert..lo7
443 Kamsln .........107 411 Lomo 107
Second Race— Six furlongs ; all ages.
403 Whaleback »4 , 433 Master Buck.... 91
37i> Jinks »i j 42."i Rainier 91
444 Guilder 114' 435 Dr. Sheppard. . . .122
428 Dunpralse 941 429 Dlara s 94
413 Belllcoso 122! 432 Defender 119
Third Race— One and a sixteenth miles; three
year-olds and upward; selling.
854 Mamie G 102, 435 Hardly 102
435 Cromwell 106 (430) Robert Bonner..lQ2
344 Bernardino .....102! 435 Our Climate 105
; Fourth Race— Two and a quarter miles;
Athenian Club Cup Selling Stakes; $1500.
420 Sardonic 891 430 Veloz 99
3*2 Buckwa ...1041 423 Wheel Fortune. 95
(420)Dalsy F. S6I
Fifth Race— Futurity course; three-year-olds,
and upward. •
189 Rubicon 1171 389 Montgomery '....114
4.19 Novla 103 ...Abuse Hi
... O'Connell 114 1 303 Mary- Black 1Q
Sixth Race— Five furlongs: all agea.
312 Bill Howard.... UI» 424 I.imewater SO
... Maud Ferguson. 06 S. r ,3 I-ittle T Q ]>6
(402)Mlsa Marion 'j6 4*o Bessie Lee 106
Selections for To-Day.
Firet Race— Shasta Water, McFarlane, Man
zanilla.
Second Race— Jinks, Rainier, Br. Sheppard.
Third Race— Bernardino, Cromwell, Mamie Or.
Fourth Race— Buckwa, Wheel of Fortune,
Patsy F.
Fifth Race— Montgomery, Mary Black, Abuse.
Sixth Race— Mi?s Marion, Maud Ferguson.
Llmewater.
Racing at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 30.— Weather
cloudy; track fast. R< suits:
Seven furlongs, sellir?. Covinsrton Ky
won, Rushfi Id second, Buffalo third.
Time, 3
Six and a hai- furlongs, Banish won,
rnor Boyd second, Kilarma third.
Time, :
One and an eighth miles, Muscatinc
won, True Light second, Tranby third.
Time, 1:54%.
Handicap, six and a half furlongs, Vil
lage Pri.l.- won. Debrfde second, l>ave S
third. Time, I:2L
Furlongs, Belling, Terramis won, Her
Own Becond, Minnie weldon third. Time,
1:16%.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1898.
GREAT COURSING
AT
INGLESIDE PARK.
Three great days' eport will be wit
nessed at the Ingleslde Coursing Park
commencing to-day and ending on Mon
day.
The drawing, which was held on Thurs
day evening, proved beyond a doubt
the great interest that the leashmen arc
taking in the game, which shows no
signs of flagging.
At noon to-day the sport will commence
with the first round of the Sapling stake,
which has thirty entries, comprising
many of the fastest and most promising
youngsters representing the local ken
nels. Then will follow the Puppy stake
of twenty-four entries, and if time will
permit, both stakes will be finished to
day.
On Sunday, commencing at 10:30 o'clock
sharp, the great All-aged stake will .be
called. Seventy-two high-class grey
hounds, many of which have won laurels
on various coursing swards in this State,
will face the slipper, and as the royal
gamekeeper of the park Is authority for
the statement that the hares are "as fine
as silk" and anxious to enter, into a test
of speed with the dogs, the sporting peo
ple who will select Jngleside Park as the
place to see coursing at its best will cer
tainly not regret .having visited that pop
ular pleasure resort.
John ura-ce and his son James, the ex
pert slipper, are iceling splendid' after
their trip to Los Angeles, at which place
they enjoyed themselves immensely. In
speaking of his trip to the Angel City,
Judge Grace stated that in all his travels
he never enjoyed such pleasant hours as
th6se he spent among the royal sports
men of Southern California, and that
coursing was the sport which the Los
Angelas people have taken to with an
interest which surprised him.
President Shannon of Ingleside Park
will be the most disappointed man on
earth to-morrow if he should detect a
spare Inch of room in the grand stand or
betting ring.
"L know in my heart," said Mr. Man
non, ''that we will be pressed for room
to-morrow for the simple reason that ln
gieside has the greatest Now Year's cours
ing ( ard that has i vet appeared in -public
print, and if anything under the sun will
attract the lovers of tins grand old sport
to any , lie place it is an entry of first
class dogs who are evenly matched."
Captain Clarkson of the House of Correc
tion will not have the pleasure of seeing
Judge Grace mounted on his pet racing
to-day. The judge rode "Nancy
Till" last Saturday, but Nancy did not
understand the rules of coursing, and in
stead of making perfect turns*-!, c.,
when the <uiig»» required her head
to the right or . left, as the case
may be— Miss Nancy did not for
get her old racing days and Insisted on
going straight ahead and beating the
I i i in- escape.
Field Steward T. McHugh laughed until
ached when he saw the judge
dashing up the field in hot pursuit of the
dogs.
•\\"hy, man," said the Hon. Thomas. "I
hX that the race horse was
going to take the fence, and knowing
ludge to be a good old country
se rider I expected to see him,
all go flying over the timber,
but fortune favored the judge at the final
moment, as Nancy, being a native daugh
ter, suddenly changed her mind and
ed short. Mr. Grace now s.-iys that
in future be Will have nothing more to do
with fast stock, and that he will turn all
speedy racers over to his friend, Signor
Halpin."
ROUND ROBIN LAWN
TENNIS TOURNAMENT
Last Monday a doubles tournament on
an< w plan as neld on the courts of the
California Tennis Club. The men were
paired as^ their names were drawn. a::d
none of the teams had ever played to
gether before. A series of interesting
games resulted, and the plan was voted
a gr< ■ S. George Whitney and
N< Ison Eckart won all the four sets they
played; Arthur Chesebrough and Grant
Smith won three sets and lost one; R.
Whitney and Lawrence Harris were third
with two victories and two defeats. The
scores are given below:
1. G. WhitiK y and N. Eckart beat An
drew Carrigan and B. Upham, 6-4.
G. Whitney and N. Eckart beat Am
brose Buckley and Sydney Salisbury, 6-4.
<i. Whitney and N. Hckart beat Grant
Smith and Arthur Chesebrough, 6-L
G. Whitney and N. Eckart beat R.
Whitney and L. Harris, 6-4.
2. Grant Smith and Arthur Chesebrough
beat R. Whitney and L. Harris. 8-6.
Grant Smith ar.ii Arthur Chesebrough
beat Ambrose Buckley and Sydney Salis
bury, 6-3.
Grant Smith and Arthur Chesebrough
beat J. McJLJride and Barclay Henley Jr.,
6-4.
3. R. Whitney and L. Harris beat
George Broemmel and W. Landry, 6-3.
K. Whitney and L. Harris beat A. Carri
gan and B. Ipham, 6-1.
4. A. Carrigan and B. Upham beat
George Broemmel and W. Landry, 6-4.
There will be a good deal of play on the
courts during the New Year holidays, and
on Monday, January 2. a gentlemen's
double tournament will be held, on the
round robin plan, commencing at 10:30
a. m. Entries for the tournament close
on Sunday, January 1, at 4 p. m. All
matches 'will be decided by the best two
out of three sets. After a team has been
beaten twice it will be barred from fur
ther participation in the tournament.
Prizes will be awarded by the club to the
successful team. It. is expected that there
will be a large attendance of players and
spectators. The following players will
take part in the tournament: George F.
Whitney, Robert N. Whitney (the two
brothers will not play as partners), Bar
clay Henley Jr., Frank Long. J. D. Mc-
Oavln, Henry Weihe, S. H. Adams, Syd
ney Salisbury, Ambrose Buckley, J. C.
Mcßrlde, W. Landry, L. Harris, Andrew
Carrigan, R. J. Davis, George S. Brad
shaw, Dr. C. B. Root, Harvey Walter,
Arthur S. Chesebrough, W. S. McGavin
and J. O. Blanchard.
The names of several young ladies are
posted on the bulletin board of the club
as candidates for membership.
SAN JOSE CYCLE RACES.
Entries and Handicaps for the Big
Meet on New Year's Day.
The following are the entries and han
dicaps for the two open amateur events
to be run at the big meet of the Garden
City Wheelmen to be held In San Jose
on January 2, as prepared yesterday by
Official Handicapper R. A. Smyth:
Two-thirds mile handicap— First heat— J. E.
Wing, San Jose, scratch; Gail Hardenbrook,
Garden city Wbaelmen, 3o yards; Lace Uown
'..irden City Wheelmen, 50; George I>all,
unattached, 'I. I. W. Letcher. Garden City
Wheelmen. 85; Angus Hood, unattached, 110.
Second heat— X. A. Bozlu, Olympic Wheel
men, 25 yards; A. T. Smith, Acme Wheelmen,
40; Miltuii Francis, unattacned, 50; Edward
McNess, San Francisco, 65; F. Vollmer, Unat
tached, 70; J. Young, unattached. 80; D. T.
Anita, unattached, 106.
Third heat— Walter J. Davidson, Bay City
Wheelmen, 30 yards; D. E. Francis, Garden
City Wheelmen, 40; H. Koblnson, Garden City
Wheelmen, 60; I>. Manning, Garden City
Wheelmen, 60; Phil H. Kosenheim, Reliance
Club, 65; Will B. LKJngwill, Bay City Wheel
men, 90.
One mile, scratch— J. E. Wing, San Jose; E.
A. Boilo, Olympic Wheelmen; Walter J.
Davidson. Will B. LonKwill and Edward Mc-
Ness. Bay City Wheelmen; Gall Hardenbrook,
Lace Downing, I. W. Letcher, D. E. Francis,
H. Kobinuon and I). Manning, Garden City
Wheelmen; A. T. Smith, Acme Club; P. H.
Rosenheim, Reliance Club; D. T. Arata, J.
Young, F. Vollmer, Milton Francis, Angus
Hood and George DalV unattached.
The distance allotments are very fair,
and show the exercise of much care ana
judgment on the part of the handtcapper.
The principal event on the long pro
gramme does not appear among the han
dicaps. It is to be a match race between
Hardy Downing of San Jose and Orlando
L,. Stevens of lowa, men who are claused
among the topnotch professional riders of
the day. This race is for a purse of $250
and a side bet, the distance being one
mile, best two in three heats, tandem
paced.
LATEST DOINGS
IN YACHTING
CIRCLES.
Owing to the recent death of Edward B.
Lathrop, late secretary of the Corinthian
Yacht Club, the annual New Year's dinner
at the Tiburon boat house will be a quiet
affair. "Eddie" was a universal favorite
among the members, and was never ab
sent from any of the club gatherings.
Many of the Corinthian yachtsmen at
tended his funeral, and sent flowers as
tokens of their regard. His heart was in
the sport of yachting, and he was zealous
in the performance of his duties as secre
tary, which In a club so large and active
as the Corinthian often entail consider
able labor.
The nominating committee, consisting
of J. Short, ex-Commodores A. J. Young
and T. F. Tracy has nominated the fol
lowing to serve as officers o. the Corinth
ian club' during the year 1899. For com
modore, Carl Westerfeld, part owner of
the successful prize winner Aeolus; for
vice commodore, W. H. Toepke (of the
firm of Havens & Toepke, architects),
part owner of the sloop Harpoon; for port
captain, John H. Keefe; for directors. T.
L. Miller, of the yawl Spray; C. L. Bar
rett, E. F. Sager, of the sloop Edna, and
A. I. Lyons of the sloop Freeda. T. L.
Miller! will be elected secretary and C. L.
Barrett will be treasurer. These will
form a strong board of active, popular
yachtsmen, the offices of commodore,
treasurer and port captain being held by
the same men as last season fulfilled
their dutii-s to the general satisfaction.
Frank atone is working upon H. Simp
kins' new boat, which, with an over-all
measurement of 86 feet, ana a measure
ment on the water line of about 45 feet,
will be the largest yawl on the bay. Stone
& Swanson, the Tiburon boat builders,
also have under construction a yacht built
on the lines of \Y. O. Hall, who modeled
and constructed the schooner Aggie and
the swift sloops Nixie and Aeolus. She is
built of white cedar, with a keel of Ore
gon pine having two tons of lead bolted
to it. Her bow is of the spoon type, and
she is considerably cut away at the stem.
Her dimensions are as follows; Length
over all, 33 feet 4 inches; length on the
water line, 25 feet; beam. 1 feet 4 inches,
p:. Stone of Hunters Point is building a
yacht which is said to be for one of the
members uf the South Bay Yacht Club.
The South Bays will elect their new board
of officers later than the clubs around San
Francisco, Thursday, March 2, being the
day set.
One of the best known yachtsmen of
early days recently passed away— John L.
Eckley. "He came to this State In iwi and
was the agent of D. O. Mills and other
rich men at Saoramento. lie lived at Em
emkl Bay, Lake Tahoe, for some time,
and owned land there. He was an enthu-
Biastlc yachtsman, and often took part In
races before there were any organized
clubs or regular regattas here. In 1868 he
and J. C. Kelly built the yacht Emerald,
which won many matches and races in
regattas. He was one of the founders of
the San Francisco Yacht Club, which was
organized In 1873, and was its first vice
commodore; later he bpcame its commo
d >tp. When the Pacific Yacht Club was
founded in 1878 at Old Sausalito he became
its lirst commodore and a life member.
He owned the BChooner Pearl, which was
built from the designs of M. Turner, and
the schooner Harvest Queen. Though he
had retired from active business several
years ago he owned a half interest in the
shipyards at Benlcia and was interested
in other enterprises.
ACCIDENTS AND DEATHS
RESULTING FROM FOOTBALL
The thousands of people who look upon
boxing as a brutal sport will doubtless
feel an interest in reading something con
cerning: their favorite game of intercolle
giate football, which even the ladies say
is such a nice amusement, void of brutal
ity. The following is a list of the acci
dents and deaths resulting from the grid
iron campaign of lfc>08:
DEATHS.
October I— Boston College game; R. Coveny,
paralysis of the spine. ;
October 2— Practice game at Omaha, Neb.;
W. Howell, Injured spine. ■
October Game at Oamden, N. J. ; J. E.
Shoemaker, crushed fingers, from which lock
jaw resulted. , f ;,, _ ;
October 22— "Wyoming vs. Dickinson; M. P.
Anderson, Injured Internally.
November s— Game at Chicago; J. Morrison,
Injured Internally.
SERIOUS INJURIES.
September 24— Tale vs. Trinity; Townsend.
nose broken.
September 27— Dartmouth practice; Emerson,
wrist broken.
September 29— T'nlverslty of Pennsylvania
practice; McMahon. ligaments of leg torn.
October I— University of Pennsylvania vs.
Stats College; Schoffstall. collar-bone broken.
October 8— Practice game at Brown College;
Captain Murphy, dislocated collar-bone.
October B— Princeton vs. Franklin and Mar
shall; Hutchinson. ankle dislocated.
October B— Game at Philadelphia; E. R&ul
stun, leg dislocated.
October 15— Princeton practice; Hutchinson,
torn ligaments of the leg.
October 15— Butte vs. Deadwood; Mahoney,
concussion of the brain. , ~, ,
October la— Miami vs. University of Cincin
nati' Captain of Miami team, shoulder broken.
October 17— Yale practice; Coach Sanfor, el
bow socket broken.
October 22— Minnesota vs. Ames; Cole, skull
October 24— Wesleyan practice; Baldwin, leg
'october 26— Naval Academy practice; a
Simmers, oollar-bone broken.
October 27— Harvard practice game; Whitney,
dislocated knee. •
October 28— Cheltenham vs. Perm Charter; R.
Zane. ankl* broken.
October 29— (?nme at Scranton, Pa,; J. Olb
hnns kldnevp ru"tured.
Octofir 29-Curnell vs. Oberlin; Whiting, ribs
October 29— Pennsylvania State Normal vs.
Scranton Athletics: F. Cannon, rib broken.
November I— Germantown practice: N.
Chapman, thumb broken,
November 2— Practice at Tale: Sergeant, leg
NovembV 4— Harvard practice: Kendall, rib
November 4— P^nn Charter vs. De Lancey:
Rhnades, collar-bone broken.
November 4— Germantown vs. Cheltenham:
W Newhall. lipaments torn in leg.
November s— Baltimore Medical College va.
Baltimore A. C. : G. Dulane, skull fractured.
November 6— Game at Philadelphia: F. Bell,
leg broken.
November 9— Game at Stroudsburg, Pa.:
N Rhodes, collar-bone broken.
November 11— De Lancey vs. Germantown
Academy: Miller, collar-bone broken.
November 17— Practice at PhoenixviUe, Pa.:
H. EcUiinger, leg broken.
November 19— Harvard vs. Tale: Ely, rib
broken and shoulder blade fractured.
November 19— Practice at Camden, N. J. :
F. Van Hart, leg broken.
November 19-P. R. R. T. M. 0. A. vs.
Rlverton A. A.: Hillebrand, rib broken.
November 19— High School vs. Berkeley, at
Chicago: A. Moorhouse, skull fractured.
Collar-bones broken, 6.
Lsgl broken, 4.
Skulls fractured, 8.
Torn ligaments of leg, 8.
Shoulder blades broken, 2.
Nose broken, concussion of the brain, rup
tured kidney, wrist broken, collar-bone dis
located, ankle sprained, leg dislocated, elbow
socket broken, dislocated knee, cartilage of
ribs torn, ankle broken, thumb broken and
dislocated knee make up the other accidents.
STEELHEADS ARE NOW
IN RUSSIAN RIVER
Yesterday the North Pacific Coast Rail
road Company received a dispatch from
Duncans Mills that the Russian River
bar is open and that the steelheads are
making good time up the river. If the
company will retain a sufficient force of
men near the mouth of the river In order
to keep the channel clear of drifting
sands anglers can certainly hope for gala
sport during the next week, as the large
fishes will certainly not wait on the order
of going but on the contrary they will
work their passage as high up the river
as it is possible for them to get. It is cer
tain, however, that unless a force of men
remain at the river's mouth the channel
that has just been completed will close
on the first heavy swell and keep filling
up until the blockade will be as bad as
ever. John Butler McFarland, John Gal
lagher and A. Wilson will leave for Dun
cans Mills to-morrow if reports continue
favorable.
How they catch hares for the
coursing parks, in next Sunday's Call.
GOLD MEDAL FOR
CHAMPION
OF CITY GOLFERS.
The men's championship match play of
the San Francisco Golf Club, which is
played for annually, reached the final
round on the day after Christmas day.
Lieutenant T. G. Roberts and H. Babcock
being the last pair left. These two will
play this afternoon, eighteen holes, and
the winner will be the San Francisco
Club's champion at match play.
On Monday the links will be the scene
of great activity. At 10 o'clock in the
forenoon the struggle for the men's cham
pionship medal play will begin on the
Presidio course. The winner will receive
the gold medal and the honor of being
the club's champion at medal play; the
second player will receive a silver medal.
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon the contest
will begin for the Liverpool silver medal,
which is offered each month for men,
medal play, each competitor receiving a
handicap based upon his recent play.
On Monday last, after the match be
tween the first and second teams of the
Oakland Golf Club had been played, an
informal tea was given at the clubhouse,
which had been prettily decorated in a
manner appropriate to the season. Next
day thirty-five of the caddies employed
by the club were entertained at a feast of
turkey, plum pudding, mince pies and
other good things. After dinner was
over each caddie received a present from
the Christmas trees and an all-round good
time was enjoyed.
Though no special event has been ar
ranged by the Oakland club for Monday,
many players will take advantage of the
holiday to practice.
Golf will be going on from 9 a. m. until
dark to-day on the course of the Los An
geles Country Club. The events open to
club members include a handicap for
men, 36 holes, medal play; a handicap
for women, 18 holes medal play; a driv
ing competition for men, and a driving
competition for women. On the second day
of the new year the open competitions,
which may be entered by any amateur
golfer, will be held. There will be an
open competition for men, 36 holes medal
play; an open competition for women, IS
holes medal play; an open driving compe
tition for men, and also for women.
The last day of 1888 Is an appropriate
one for reviewing the g-olf of the past
year. The Rev. Price Collier, who is an
enthusiastic golfer, says that on the whole
the golf of IS9R in the TTnited States has
been better than tho golf of previous sea
sons—not po much because there has been
any marked improvement, in the quality
of "the play, but because more people
have become golfers, and because the
same poems to be played with less wrang
ling and friction than formerly. He says
that at one time it looked a little as
though the semi-professional and the
trickster mlsrht get in and spoil tins good
irame as they have spoiled other good
sports, M^ baseball, racing, pigeon-shoot
ing and boxing, but that fortunately this
has not happened. There are moro and
better links than ever before, more pood
players, and better influences at work
to make and keep golf an honest sport.
DOLPHINS WILL ROW
OVER TO SADSALITO
The boat clubs round the bay have late
ly been expending most of their energy
upon the nomination and election of offi
cers to serve during the coming season.
The Dolphins elected their new board on
December 14, the Arlels held their elec
tion on December 19 and the election of
officers for the next half year of the
South End Rowing Club took place on
Tuesday evening, December 27. The
South End board is as follows: President,
John D. M* honey; vice president, T. I.
Fitzpatrick; corresponding secretary, W.
H. Mead; financial secretary, James Fee
han; treasurer, Joseph ODea; sergeant
at arms, James Pallas; captain, William
Thomas; vice captain, Joseph Lyons;
board of trustees— Herbert Hawkins
(chairman), James P. Foley, A. Mellitz,
V. Martinez and John Bogan. The dele
gates to the Pacific Athletic Association
are R. McArthur, James P. Foley and J.
K. Scully, who succeed Dr. C. C. Dennis,
J. D. Mahoney and M. Breen. Of the
eight officers seven served the club in
the same capacity during the last half
year. The South Ends will purchase the
necessary lumber to complete their hand
ball court, work upon which will recom
mence at once.
The following have been nominated as
officers of the Alameda Boat Club for the
coming year: For president, C. A. Smith;
for vice president, W. G. Hansen and C.
Pesoli; for secretary, W. B. Hinchman:
for treasurer, George H. Miller; for cap
tain, Atwell Webb; for lieutenant cap
tain, Warner Lubbock and D. Greenleaf;
for sergeant at arms, Jules Hartman; for
members of executive board— Dr. C. W.
Knowles, G. A. Rosenberg and F. A.
Hammersmith. The election will take
place on Tuesday, January 10.
The intermediate crew of the Dolphin
Boat Club will be got together again,
Victor Caglieri having returned from
Europe. F. Schwarting's place will be
taken by J. Caughlan. A. W. Pape and
W. O. Patch make up the crew. A junior
crew has been made up, with Lester
Hammersmith as bow, A. Sbarboro at No.
2, A. Brennan at No. 3 and George Baker
on the stroke thwart. In January of the
new year the Dolphins will hold a re
union, taking all the club boats out for a
row to Sausalito and back. The day cho
sen will be one on which the tide serves
well for the return trip.
« ♦ ■
ASSOCIATION FOOTBAuL.
Keen Game Between Oaklanders and
Vampires Next Monday at
Golden Gate.
The Vampire Association football play
era have lately been contenting themselves
with practice games, but on Monday,
January 2, they will play a match on the
Golden Gate ground, near Berkeley,
against the Oakland eleven. The Vam
pires and Oaklanders have met twice be
fore — on January 1, 1898, and on February
22. 1898. On the first occasion the Vam
pires were victorious by three goals to one;
on the second meeting the Oaklanders
won by three goals to none. The coming
game will, therefore, be the deciding one,
and both teams will do their utmost to
win. Judging by the play of both teams
against the Presidio eleven the game
should be an even and well fought con
test. The Vampires, after a very even
game, were beaten by the soldiers by one
goal to none, while the Oaklanders, with
a considerably weaker team than their
present one, were beaten by three goals
to none.
The Vampires will put their best avail
able eleven into the field and the Oakland
team, including as it dcx?s such veterans
as Percy Morse and Douglas Erskine of
the Olympic Club and Percy Chambers
of the Acme Club, is decidedly strong.
The game will begin at 2:30 p. m., and
the line-up is as follows:
Vampires. Position. Oakland.
J. M. Punnett.. Goalkeeper E. Pomeroy
McGuw Back Yon Helm
Robertson Back I,a!ng
Belwood Halfback Warren
Baugb Halfback Chambers
Croaaley Halfback Hunter
Williamson Forward Lackie
Tomllnson Forward Pollock
White Center Ersklne
£)ye.... Forward C. Fomeroy
Colee Forward Morse
For the San Jose Coursing.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 30.— The New Year's
day meet of the San Jose Coursing Club
has attracted many fast dogs, and excel
lent sport is promised. There will be a
thirty-two-dog stake and $300 in prizes.
Monday there will be a consolation stake.
The drawing to-night resulted as follows:
At Last vs. Belle, Madge Wildfire vs.
Gilt Edge, Brimboo vs. Rush o' Hill, San
dow vs. Small Hop, Gallagher vs. Clare
B, Thtsbe vs. Game Leg, Laurelwood vs.
Mountain Boy, Lady Islington vs.
Straight Tip, Faultless Beauty vs. Flush,
Kentuck vs. Bluerock, Bill Nye vs. Maud
S Dexter P vs. Dyramus, One Spot vs.
Johnny Payne, Pastime vs. Belle of
Menlo, Walcott vs. Sharkey, Peppin vs.
Motto.
The winner will get $60, the runner-up
$40, the next two $20 each, the next four
$12 50 each and the next eight $5 each.
CREEDON WAS
SLOW TO HIT
AND PUNISH
Green Won in Twenty
Rounds.
A DECISION ON POINTS
CLEVER AND SCIENTIFIC BOX
ING FROM THE START.
Neither Pugilist Appeared Anxious
for a Knock-Out, Although Both
Did Some Pretty Foot
Work.
George Green won a decision from Dan
Creedon of Australia in a twenty-round
contest which took place in Woodward's
Pavilion last evening. Jack Kitchen of
the Reliance Club of Oakland acted as
referee, and under the rules of Queens
berry he considered that Green had the
better of the fistic argument. Still there
were several good judges of boxing pres
ent who thought that Kitchen would
have won a great feather in his cap if
he had ordered both of the men out of
the ring long before the twentieth round
was reached, as neither pugilist tried very
hard for a knockout.
As an exhibition of clean boxing, side
stepping, ducking, etc., the contest was
assuredly a success, but when the affair
is looked at in a .serious light it smacked
very much of the hippodrome, as Green
cannot, apparently, disguise his style of
lighting. Time and agaJn he swung his
left around the neck of his opponent
when he could have planted the glove on
Creedon's ear or jaw. Then there were
times during the game when George per
mitted excellent openings for right-hand
body punches to pass him unnoticed.
Then there were those motherly embraces
and little smiling chats between the fistic
acts which did not impress the spectators
seriously us to the genuineness of the
contest.
Creedon acted liko a man who had
grown muscle-bound from sack-lifting,
titill there is not any mention in his
record of athletic exercises where at any
time, he assisted to loud a tramp steamer
with California t-;ruin. Be that as it may,
Creedon's arms were very much tied and
slow Just evening. It may have been
that they were not out to win. At any
rate, Australian JJan is a very much over
rated pugilist or else he held back his
fire on Green, as he certainly had many
excellent chances of planting his auc
tioneer where good returns would follow.
But if Creedon had had an undi-rt«andine
with some one who was on friendly terms
with his opponent prior to the game,
then it is not to be supposed that X>an - B
pile-drivers were intended to do bodily
harm.
Occasionally during the contest Creedon
planted some good swift right-hand
punches in Green's ribs, which were an
ace that the muscle-bound tactics he
employed were simply to deceive the
tators. His manner of guarding and
warding-off blows is very pretty and his
footwork is faultless, but his style of hit
ting, as shown last night, would cause a
San Francisco Athletic Club amuieur
boxer to blush for shame. Green certainly
landed the most clean blows, and the de
cision in his favor was fair, surmising
that the referee really thought that the
lighters had done their utmost to please
the audience.
Green was the first to enter the ring
—exactly at 9:3o— accompanied by his sec
onds, Frank Foster, "Bob" McArthur and
"Patsy" Corrigan. Creedon followed di
rectly behind nim, with his seconds, Al
Smith, Tom Tracey, Frank McConneil
and "Jimmy" Riley. Green was introduced
by Announcer Billy Jordan as hailing
from San Francisco, and Creedon from
Australia. Both were greeted with an
eiiual amount of applause, and the adhe
rents of the men throughout the tight
were about equally divided.
Jack Kitchen, the popular boxer of the
Acme Club of Oakland, was chosen ref
er ».••-■.
Announcer Jordan also stated that Jack
Bonner of Philadelphia had telegraphed
a challenge to the winner of the Green-
Crcedon bout.
The men agreed to breakaway without
hitting in the clinches, and with one or
two accidental exceptions both kept this
agreement to the letter throughout the
tight.
When the men stood together in the
center of the ring arranging the details,
a comparison of their physiques was pos
sible, and it was apparent that Creedon
was slightly taller and somewhat heavier
than Green. But the fight afterward de
veloped the fact that Green had a much
more free use of his arms, and conse
quently a longer reach.
Throughout the tight Creedon's aim
seemed to be to corner his man and then
rush in with a left swing and right body
punch. Green showed much cleverness
in fitting out of these tight places, some
times by ducking and again by rushing
at his antagonist. The fight began ana
ended this way. In the opening round I
Creedon had Green dancing in the four j
corners of the ring at different times, but !
the wily Californian, by fiddling and duck- J
ing, managed to get away, only to be j
forced into another corner.
Both men fought with extreme care and
seldom left an opening, due as much as
anything to their cleverness. It would be
fiddle, duck, counter and clinch, repeated
time and again. Ocasionally each would
essay a rush, which was generally
blocked by the other. Green made many
a wild left swing and vicious uppercut,
but none of these blows ever landed. His
most effective punches were at close quar
ters, when he would plant his left or
right hard Into Creedon's body, and these
often made the Australian wince, but he
was game and ready for more.
It was anybody's fight up to the elev
enth round, with not much damage done,
but in that round Creedon scored a dis
tinct lead over Green, batting him about
at will. At close range the Australian
was at his best, and he swung his short
arms and chopped and planted straight
leads into Green until the Californian wa3
obliged to clinch. Of course, in such a
mix-i:p Creedon did not get off unscathed,
but another round like the eleventh would
have finished Green.
At no time did the fight border on the
sensational. Toward the end both the
fighters and the spectators were warmed
up, and the men took more chances with
each other, spurred on by the cheers of
the crowd. But even the last two rounds
did not amount to much, although Cree
don had the best of what there was to
them. He opened the nineteenth with a
•well-intended rush, but did not land.
Later he landed a light straight left on
the mouth, and then folowed it with an
other. Green rushed, and Creedon met
him with a right swing on the head.
(irt'en rushed again, this time getting in a
stiff left on the body and his right on
the head. Creedon ended the round by
planting his left hard in the stomach.
Green commenced the last round by
rushing at his antagonist, swinging his
left around Creedon's head. Creedon was
right there and rushed Green into sev
eral corners, from which he escaped by
clinching. Green then rushed Into a
straight left flush on the mouth. Cree
don rushed, swinging his left low into the
stomach. Green rushed Creedon across
the ring, landing his left In the body and
receiving a stiff right counter on the face.
Green missed a left swing for the head,
and tried an uppercut and missed. Cree
don landed a stiff left on the face at the
end.
Creedon nearly lost the fight on a foul
in the seventeenth. He tried a left upper
cut, and it landed way below Green's
belt, the latter yelling "Oh!" In pain. The
crowd cried "Foul!" but the referee did
not allow it, and Green was soon fighting
as fast as ever, mixing it with Creedon
as lively as cou'.d be wished for.
j The only time either man went down
was in the eighteenth, when Creedon
slipped in jumping away from one of
Green's rushes, and fell on his back.
Green did not land and it was not a
knock-down. The Australian was up in
a second.
Green Was Jubilant.
Green entered his dressing-room at the
conclusion of his fistic argument with
Creedon with delight written all over his
countenance. Not a blemish could be
neen on him, and he looked as fresh as a
daisy. He declined the attentions of his
trainers and, while receiving the congrat
ulations of his numerous following,
donned his street attire and left the
building. While dressing he said:
"Creedon is one of the strongest and
most dangerous men I have ever met. I
took no chances with him. I was there
to get the decision and not to show how
much punishment I could stand. Creedon
is not muscle-bound, and can hit good and
hard. His blows did not bother me at any
time, excepting the one he landed low
near the end of the fight.
"I would like to fight Tommy Ryan for
the middle-weight championship of the
world. Jack Quan of Vancouver is willing
to back me against him. He was my
backer when I fought Smith in New
York a few months ago. If McCoy could
get down to my weight I would be willing
to meet him. I will flight Bonner or any
other middle-weight. As to meeting
Creedon again, I need time to consider the
proposition. He is one of the hardest
men I have ever gone against, but hav
ing gained a decision over him I want to
take on some one else."
Creedon Not Complaining.
The dressing-room occupied by Cree
don seemed an unlucky one last night.
Mose La Fontlse and his trainers threw
a glamor of mourning over it with their
lamentations over the "unjust" decision
of Referee Murphy. Creedon seemed
undisturbed by their grief and prepared
for his encounter with Green as if vic
tory was already within his grasp. Even
after the twenty-round bout he seemed
undisturbed by the decision. He stated
that he was "not complaining, although
friends had informed him that like his
half brother, Tommy Tracey, he had been
"handed" one. He said that he would
like to get another show at his rival and
believed he could beat him.
"Green was a better man than I thought
he was. He is a strong and lively fellnw
and put up a good fight. I would have
done much better if I had more time to
train. Reducing my weight from 175 to
156 in so short a time weakened me. I
am sure if Green would meet me again
and I had four weeks to train. I would
defeat him In short order. My manager
is willing to deposit $1000 with your paper
to-morrow to bind a match with him.
I have nothing to say about the referee ■ s
decison. Some of my friends think I was
banded one by him."
Referee Kitchen Satisfied.
Jack Kitchen, the boxing instructor of
the Reliance Athletic Club, who refereed
the fight, was well satisfied with the de
cision he rendered in Green's favor. He
stated he had kept a close tab on tha
fighters and thought hi 3 judgment
pleased right-minded persons.
"I gave Green a decision," he said, be
cause I thought he had a shade the bet
ter of the fight. It was any one's victory
up to the twentieth round, but after
weighing the work done by the contest
ants during the fight I thought Green
was entitled to it, he having delivered the
most clean blows. I seldom pay attention
to a fighter who swings wildly and does
the most rushing. The man who lands
the cleanest and greatest number of
blows is the one I favor. „,„„„
"Both men put up a good and clean
fight. I believe that Creedon, if he had
had longer to train, would haye done
much better. He Is a strong and willing
fighter and a hard one to land on. In ono
of the earlier rounds Green tried an up
percut for his body and he blocked wltli
hH right forearm. I thought George n;i. l
broken his arm. the Impact was so hard.
It must have hurt him, for he dldnot
try the same trick again. I did not g
Gf^en the fight on a foul to the seven
teenth round because I thought Creedon s
blow was accidental. Green deserved the
decision and .1 gave It to him.
Betting on the Game.
Slathers of "wise money" went up In
smoke when Referee Kitchen said "Green
wins." All day long the "men on the
know" hovered about Harry Corbett's
poolroom and gave the "low down" to
each other. All sorts of stories were set
afloat regarding the probable outcome of
the contest. Everybody was willing to
believe that there was a "nigger in the
woodpile," but just where nobody seemed
to know. The local boxer remained a
favorite in the betting throughout tho
day but along toward evening a wad of
"w*ise coin" with a mythical string to it
was dropped into the box and Green s ad
mirers got as good as even money. Just
before ring time Creedon went favorite.
Ten to eight were the prevailing odds.
Green on the short end. The sudden
switch in the betting was the result of
a "gold brick" in the shape of a strong
tip on Creedon that was passed out by
bettors who are supposed to know just
when, where and how a pugilistic en
counter is to be ended. Every "doubting
Thomas" who frequents the poolrooms
handled the gold brick, passed it to his
friends and soon Creedon was being
played heavily by every "sure thing" man
in town. Enough "wise money went on
Creedon'a chances to weight a balloon.
Tye's Plucky Battle.
Charley Tye was awarded a decision
over Mose La Fontise after ten rounds
of lunges, plunges and wild swings. Mose
was far cleverer and faster than his oppo
nent but his propensity to hit in clinches
and habit of waiting for Tye to lead lost
him a battle that he should have won. La
Fontise had every advantage over Tye.
They were scheduled to fight at 130
pounds, but La Fontise forgot to come to
weight and went into the ring weighing
in the neighborhood of 144 pounds. Tye
conceded this advantage and went in and
put up a plucky battle. He met the Mon
tana man's onslaught with straight lefts,
but was buffeted around the ring through
out the bout.
Referee Jimmy Murphy cautioned La
Fontise at various stages of the fight not
to hit his man in the clinches and the
crowd also warned him of his bad break
by hissing him. La Fontise proved him
self a clever two-handed fighter, but a
poor judge of distance. In the early
rounds he landed hard and often on Tye,
but without inflicting much damage. In
the last few rounds Tye began to show
signs of punishment. The cheers of his
friends led him to exert himself and he
began to set the pace. La Fontise met him
with wild swings that wound around hts
neck, doing little harm. The last round
was of the hurricane order. Mose rushed
and landed repeatedly on the Oakland
scrapper and had him somewhat tired.
but he lasted the round.
The Enormous Gold Product of 1898.
This will be the greatest gold year In his
tory. From South Africa, the Klondike and
Australia the precious metal ie being shipped
In large Quantities. It is believed that this
year's output will be nearly double that of any
previous twelve months. The sales of Hostet
ter's Stomach Bitters are also Increasing very
fast, and this year that famous remedy will
cur« more people of dyspepela. Indigestion, con
stipation, nervousness and weakness than ever
before.
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK
SATURDAY. SUNDAY AND MONDAY.
DECEMBER SI. JANUARY 1 AND I.
THREE
GREAT
EVENTS!
SAPLING, PUPPY AND OPEN
STAKES. . , , •
$750 ADDED.
Take a Mission-street car and it will land
you at the gates.
ADMISSION. 26c. LADIES FREE.
1 : ■; ~~ :
/^\. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jBLfaM ft 2 ;» KEABST ST. Established
Sl*l f"w^« )n 1534 lor the treatment of Privato
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625KEABNTNT. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of PrJvato
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
IfeaßgaaS3pb disease wearing ou body and mind and
Slcln Diseases. The doctor cures when
others (aIL Try him. Charges low
i yfilimilirni "—" — nrtri rT Cullorwrlte.
»r. J. f . IBBON, Box 1»87, 6an mnctaca.
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
REPUBLICAN
COMMITTEE TO
MEET MONDAY
Opinions Differ as to
Methods.
PRIMARY MAY BE ORDERED
MUNICIPAL LEAGUE TO TRY TO
GET AHEAD.
IPhe Populists Are Discouraged,
but the Democrats Still Show
Some Signs of
Life.
I Oakland Offic? San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, l.'tv. :;o.
The Republican <ity Central Commit
tee will hold an important meeting next
Monday night. The committee has kjr
nified its Intention of at once opening
Jieaduarters and .■: Inaugurating the Re
publican campaign ahead of any other
party.
There is some difference of opinion
among prominent Republicans who are
eomewhat in favor of Municipal League
methods regarding the manner in which
the League should proceed. 11. D. Rowe,
a Councilman, whose name may be con
sidered as available for the nomination
lor Mayor, makes this statement:
"I do not think the Municipal !-•
should go ahead and make nomination?
until after the other parties have made
their selections. Then it may be time
for the League to a<t. There are many
good men who run be nominated by the
Reublicans and elected, 1 believe, if the
League forestalls the Republican conven
tion by nominating sunn' of the candi
dates who might be favored by Republi
cans it is more than possible thai the
convention will seek other nun. in other
■words, the nomination of a man by the
Municipal League at this lime might
shut him out of the Republican conven
tion altogether. Whereas, if the League
■waited to make indorsements, it would
very readily deride upon bne of the nom
inees of the other parties, and. if none
suited, choose some "tie else, l am al
ways in favor of maintaining Republi
can organization."
Giles H. Gray, who would not object to
being Mayor and who is one of the lead
ers of the Municipal l^eui;ue. -ays the
League would make a great mistake if it
should wait until after tli. political par
ties have made nominations. He says,
however, that if honest Republican pri
maries could be guaranteed lie would ask
for no'hing better.
A few of the Populists got together last
night and decided to hold a mass-meet
ing next week to discuss the coming city
election. The sentiment then expressed
■will determine whether the Populists
shall or shall not put a tlckei in the fleld.
Most of the party leaders have drifted
back to Republicanism, and with the posi
tive statement of the Democrats that
there will be no fusion, the Populists uiv
somewhat dlscouragi <!
The idea is growing that Warren B.
English will be late of the De
mocracy for Mayor, it is regarded as
significant that W. B. English was chair
man at the meeting of taxpayers in the
Fifth Ward a lew Mights ago that nom
inated Frank M. Parcells as a candidate
for the Council.
WANTS WRIGHT REMOVED.
Charges Against Guardian of Bea
trice and Irene Dooley.
OAKLAND. Dec. 80.— William Wright ;
Jias been cited to appear before Superior
Judge Ellsworth on the morning of Jan-
Vary 16 and show cause why he should j
jiotbe removed as guardian of Beatrice j
and Irene Wright (formerly Dooley), i
minors. .
The citation was issued to-day on peti- !
tion of Frank Schilling, who alleges that
"Wright was appointed guardian on Octo
ber 11. 1807, and that a condition precedent
required him to adopt the children us his
own, and lhat he should be held liable for
their .are. treatment and education.
Petitioner avers that Wright did adopt
the two girls, but he lias never since paid
their board and lodging, or properly cared
lor them; that he has habitually failed to
provide proper clothing: that he is incap
able, an habitual drunkard, unfit for his
charge. _
OBJECTS TO WAKEMAN.
ftlrs. Yarde-Buller Says He Is Using
Her Estate.
OAKLAND, Dec. 30.— Mrs. Letlah j
Tarde-Buller filed a suit to-day to have j
Attorney Ernest. Wakeman removed as !
trustee of her estate. It is alleged that
there is 16000 in mom-y not accounted for !
and that $10,000 worth <>f lunik stock is
missing. It !b further stated that Wake
man, who is a cousin of Mrs. Yarde- j
Buller, hap not rendered an accounting j
Blnce be was appointed trustee in October, ;
1597. Wakeman has been B prominent
figure in the Yarde-Buller litigation of the ,
last two years.
Victory for Mrs. Poulson.
OAKLAND, Dec. 3*).— The Supreme
Court has handed down a decision in the ;
famous Count Peter Wilhelm Poulson
estate that is regarded as a victory fur
the widow Count Poulson died in isM,
leaving hi? estate to be contested for by
several parties. Mrs. Poulson claimed
title vested in her by virtue of a convey
■vnee made to her by the <'ount prior to
Ills death, but which she failed to record
and which at the trial she was unable to
produce. She set up that it bad been
■tolen and destroyed. The admlsslbillty I
of this fad In evidence was the disputed :
point, and the court ruled in favor of the
•widow. From this derision the adminis
trator appealed, and the Supreme Court
jhas just declared itiat the decision of the I
lower court was just and good law.
Big Cannery Deal.
OAKLANK Dec. :>>. Negotiations are
about dosed for the purchase of the plant
of the Hlokmott Canning Company of this
city and Higgs, Sfolo County, by an Eng
lish Byndlcate, said to be ■ >!' practically
unlimited capital. The deal was nego
tiated by J. W. Nelson of this city. The
company's cannery here employs be
tween '' (X i and 600 operatives during the
busy season, and the enterprise was es
tablished about six years ago. The busi
ness annually has amounted to something
like $560,000, and it )s estimated that the
plant is valued at about JGD.OOo.
Mrs. Martin to Appear Again.
OAKLAND, Dec. 30.— Mrs. Isabella J.
Martin will again have an opportunity of
appearing in oouii to-morrow to try her
own case. Recently Mrs. Martin em
ployed E. C. Meade, a painter, to do some
work on her houses on Twenty-first and
West streets, and now lie claims she did
rot pay him. He also alleges thnt Mrs.
Martin refused to give up two paint
brushes that belong to him. a search
warrant was issued and the case will !>>■
heard in the Police Court to-morrow, and
promises to be interesting.
Petition for Consolidation.
OAKLAND. Dec. 30.— The Hoard of
Trade and Merchants' Exchange com
mittees held a meeting to-day to discuss
the question of the legislation necessary
to carry out the consolidation of the city
and county of Oakland. A petition was
drawn up, which will be at once circu
lated. The result of the canvass will de
cide the move to be taken.
Booker T. Washington, the
most talented negro in the
South, tells how the dark
skinned races of our new colo
nies should be governed, in
next Sunday's Call.
REFUSED TO
EXPUNGE AN
INDICTMENT
I Last of the Gold-Brick
Swindlers.
MOTION TO DISMISS DENIED
STIPULATION TO DROP GORDON'S
CASE IS BROKEN.
Yet "Big Toot Dave" Will Probably
Not Be Tried When He Is
Released From San
Quentm.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Dec. 30.
When Charles Gordon, alias "Big Foot
Dave," prince of gold brick swindling
fame, was sentenced on October 15, 18%,
to spend ten years in San Quentin on con
viction sf beating Hanker Stephen G. Lit
tle of Dixon out of $7500, it was stipulated
that the other indictment of grand lar
ceny, in swindling Farmer Jacob Hofstra
of Santa Clara out of $10.<mk). should re
main on the docket three years and then
be stricken off.
Gordon's attorneys appeared before
Judge Greene this afternoon and moved
that the indictment be dismissed in ac
cordance with the stipulation, but Judge
Greene denied the motion.
There was still another charge against
Gordon, that of swindling Banker Ritchie
of Xapa out of $6UOO, but this was knocked
out in the foliie Court long ago.
I'nder the credit system Gordon has
about thrte years more to serve, but
whether or not the Hofstra swindle be
stricken off the criminal docket will make
very little difference to Gordon, for Hof~
Btra died about a. year ago, and his testi
mony, taken secretly before the Grand
Jury, could not be used at the trial.
At the time of Gordon's trial for the
Little swindle Mrs. Gordon, in a letter,
almost convinced everybody that her hus
band at the time of the alleged crime was
in a jail in New York. She, moreover,
wrote that the men implicated in the Lit
tle swindle had all been made wealthy
through Gordon, who was the kingpin of
the most celebrated gold brick outfit ever
in this country, and thai they bad de
serted "Big Foot Dave" in the hour of
need.
Gordon's connection with the Hofstra
swindle, however, was so clear that the
defense played for time, not wishing to
reach trial on that indictment. Hence
Gordon took his sentence.
Andrew Root, Gordon's accomplice,
whose part in these swindles was that of
an assayer, and who was also arrested
at the time, was released on $~M> bonds
and he escaped to parts unknown. Ray
mond, the last of the trio, whose role in
the gigantic scheme was that of an "In
dian." whilst 1 father on his deathbed had
disclosed the location of the mine of
"gold bricks." also got away.
A bunt a year ago Raymond was cap
tured in Dcs Moines, lowa, in the com
pany of Root. There he secured bonds
men when he heard that the Oakland
authorities were still pursuing him and
again he disappeared.
Just how much the trio ever realized
from their operations here was never
learned. Their scheme was considered
very clever at the time. They worked
from rooms in the Metropole, where Gor
don made his headquarters. The alleged
gold mine was located in the mountains
back of Mountain View Cemetery, and
was in charge of "Indian" Raymond.
Their plan was to take a victim to the
hidden treasure, give him some gold til
ings and then escort him to "Assayer"
Root, whose assay would convince the
most skeptical.
SLUKAM MAY BE THE
HERO OF A ROMANCE
SPICY MORSEL STIRS GOSSIPS AT
ELMHURST.
Joe Burnham's Warm Friendship for
Mrs. Seward Lands Him
in Jail.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Dec. 30.
Back of the arrest of old "Joe Slu
kam" on a charge of disturbing the peace
at Mrs. Lulu Seward's home at Elm
hurst last Tuesday is a spicy morsel of
romance.
Slukam turns out to be Joe Burnham,
an interesting character of Elmhurst and
Shawsville, and to-day Joe Martin, the
gardener he attacked at Mrs. Seward's
place, placed a charge of battery against
him. At the time of the arrest Burnham
presented a sorry sight as a result of an
attack with a pitchfork in the hands of
Martin. Captain Gardiner of Shawsville
hailed him out on the ilrst charge, but
now the battery charge has again caused
his incarceration.
Xow it appears that Mrs. Seward, who
some three weeks ago discharged Burn
ham as her gardener. is anxious to get
him out of the State. She has visited him
at the County Jail and takes a deep in
terest in his case. Burnham, however, is
not anxious to go beyond the State line,
and admits that a warm friendship exists
between Mrs. Seward and himself. He
says, furtnermore, that his present
trouble was caused through an , act of
kindness he did for her which aroused the
jealousy and anger of Martin, his suc
cessor.
Every effort is being made to suppress
the little romance which is believed to
be hidden behind Burnham's troubles,
and anxious ears are pricked for the trial,
which promises food for gossips of the
usually quiet town of Elmhurst, where
Mrs. Seward has resided for some time
apparently possessed of plenty of means
to conduct a very comfortable establish
ment.
Lorin Fire Officials.
BERKELEY, Dec. TO.— The Volun
t'-er Fire Company of Lorin held a meet- j
ing last night and elected officers for the
coming year as follows: President j
Thomas Woolley; secretary. Frank Car
ter; treasurer. Henry Sonet; foreman,
< h;irles (Jrifflth. Henry Sonet and Charles
(Jriftith were appointed a committee of '
two to arrange for a smoker New Year's
eve. The affair will be given in the Lorin i
firehouse, and promises to be one of the '
bent entertainments of the season.
How they catch hares for the
coursing parks, in next Sunday's Call.
: BABY DRINKS A :
: CUP OF BENZINE :
+ ; - — - ' • -\<\+"
♦ +
-4- r\AKI,AND, Dec. 30.— The little child of Mr. and Mrs. John Martin nar- +
4- I I. rowly escaped death this afternoon as the result of swallowing a tea- +
-♦- II cupful of benzine. The child, who is about two • years of age, was +
-♦■ playing around the house on Sixth street this morning when it dis- +
■♦■ covered the bottle containing. benzine. A little later it was found on the -♦■
4- floor in great pain and the empty benzine bottle told the rest of the story, -f
■♦• After working on the baby for a couple of hours Dr. O. L. Jones gave ♦
■♦• it as his opinion that the little one would live, unless some of the spirit +
♦ had entered the bowels, in which case the accident may yet end fatally, 4-
+ John Martin Is a waiter at Barnum's restaurant. : ■■'!'+"■
♦ -.. : -. . •. " ■>-•■•■■: ; .' . .- • •.-..-" " ■ .-;♦;
,+ ttt t .-f t. -ft ♦ t -t- «♦• ♦.«♦"♦■ tt> > -f +> + > -f ♦-f-f > > .-t
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1898.
MANY SISTERS
PROSTRATE AT
HYMEN'S ALTAR
Wave of Matrimony
Strikes a Corps.
SECRETARY LAND'S LAMENT
PRETTY SALVATIONISTS ABE
TAKING HUSBANDS,
Half a Dozen Bonnets Less and a
Prospect That Many Engage
ments Will Mate
rialize.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
I 908 Broadway, Dec. 30.
"Unless some more sisters join our j
! corps, we shall soon be without a bonnet i
jon the march." Thus mused Secretary j
Land of the Oakland Corps of the Salva- j
tion Army at one of its executive gather- '
ings this week. There is much foundation
to the elderly secretary's remark.
A wave of matrimony has swept over
the Oakland corps during the past few
weeks, and its tendency is to Increase
its Influence rather than to diminish it.
A year ago it was remarked that there
were more pretty faces surrounded by
hallelujah bonnets in Oakland than in
any other city in the State. This state
ment made now would be an awful un
truth.
Last Monday night Sergeant Major Eu
gene Brown, one of the oldest officers in
this city, was married to Miss May Hum
phreys of the local corps. Sergeant Major
j Brown inaugurated the work among the
! convicts at San yuentin, and has per
i haps one of the most interesting corre
spondences of any officer in the army, i
i For the past year he lias been one of the |
■ most active officials at the Fort Romie ;
colony near Soledad. Miss Humphreys
has been for some years with the army.
To-morrow night Sister Lily Melville,
who has for years been a very active
little worker in the cause, and especially
: in jail work, will become the wile of
Herbert Moseley. an ex-officer, but now '
' a private in the army at Riverside.
A few weeks ago Miss Pearl Underwood
i of Berkeley resigned from the local corps .
to marry Mr. Camp of Fresno, where they ;
now reside. A marriage license was taken :
; out yesterday by Miss Hattie M. Starr,
1 who was formerly one' of the most ener
getic of Salvationists, to wed Albert Clay
ton I'latt.
The effect of these happy examples Is
such that several engagements are on the
tapis and more weddings are daily ex
pected.
And this is why Secretary Land strokes
j his long gray beard and mourns that
I volunteers to Jill the places of the absent
ones do not come forward.
DEFENDS HER SISTER.
Mrs. A. B. Andrews Discusses the
Actions of Mary Holden.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 30.— Mrs. A. B. An
drews, who was reported in this morn
ing's Call as having received a letter re
vealing the whereabouts of her sister,
Mrs. Mary Holden, who disappeared from
here last August, consented to-day to
make a statement for publication. Airs.
Andrews said:
"My sister left California immediately
after she disappeared frnm'Alameda, and
she has been outside of the State ever
since. I am not at liberty to say where
she is at present. We have beard from
her through friends, who are looking out
for her welfare. The poor woman, dis
tracted by her financial troubles, did at
tempt to "take her life, as she said she
would in the note she left, but fortu
nately she was prevented from carrying
out her Intention by friends who discov
ered her purpose, and they have been car
ing for her ever since.
"There have been all kinds of rumors
.-'.float about the tangle in which she left
Thomas Smith's affairs. This has been
greatly overrated. She had been led tv
make "ventures in the stock market and
lost her money. She borrowed more, and
Mr. Smith indorsed some of her notes.
Besides the holders of the notes otner
creditors of mv sister have asked Mr.
Smith to pay their claims on the ground
! that they trusted her because she was
| his bookkeeper."
These other creditors made efforts to
! day to learn the present address of Mrs.
I Holden, for the purpose of resorting to
I the law to have her brought back to Ala
meda.
While Mrs. Andrews, her sister, states
', she is not in the State and that no direct
communication has been had with her,
j other members of the family tell an en
tirely different story to the effect that the
woman is in Humboldt County, and would
return to Alameda if she were not afraid
I of the action her creditors might take.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 30.— Senator E. K.
Taylor left for Sacramento this evening.
Assemblyman J. R. Knowiand will follow
to-morrow.
The Young Men'? Club gave the last of
a series of entertainments last evening in
the auditorium of the Presbyterian
Church.
Encinal and Columbia lodges, I. O. O. F.,
are arranging to give a joint Installation
of officers. The committees in charge are:
Encinal— C. J. Hammond, E. G. Simon,
James Fowler: Columbia— William Ley
decker, James Thorsen, EL T. Mehrten.
Will Hold a Watch Meeting.
It is an old Methodist custom to spend
the closing hours of the old year in
prayer and praise. The watch meeting:
was established by John Wesley to coun
teract the dissipation which usually ac
companled the birth of a new year. This
unique Bervtce will Vie held at Central
Methodist Episcopal Church, Mission
Btreet, between Sixth and Seventh, this
evening, cummpiK-tng at half-past 9 and
continuing until a little after 12. Dr.
Charles Edward I-ocke, the pastor, will
conduct the meeting and will deliver an
priate address. Cordial invitations
;ir.- extended to all persons to loin in
this interesting service.
I, ATE SHIPPING ISTEUIGENCE.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 30— Sttnr Kara
munia, for Marseilles.
QUEENBTOWN— Arrived Dec 30— Stmr Penn
land, from Philadelphia; stmr Germanic, from
New York.
i i iI'KNHAGEN- Sailed Dec 28— Stmr Island,
for New York.
1.1 v l^U'Ooi-r-Pailod Dec 30— Stmr Cymric.
f..r New York.
PHILAI>KI.PHIA — Sailed Dec 30— Stmr Mln
snotl, for Ixindnn.
NAPLES-Satled Dec 30— Stmr Ems, for New
York.
FINDS DEATH IN
REFORM WORK
George Bloom King Is
Mortally Wounded.
SHOT DOWN BY A WOMAN
HAD TRIED TO CHANGE HER
MODE OF LIFE,
The Victim Chief Deputy City En
gineer of Los Angeles and a
Well-Known Poli
tician.
Sceclal Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 30.— George
Bloom King, Chief Deputy City Engin
eer, was mortally wounded by a woman
known as Mabel Kerr, in the rotunda
of the City Hall, at 7 o'clock to-night.
King is well known in political and so
cial circles, and has been employed in
the City Engineer's office for a long
period. He is a son of Judge A. J.
King, who is a pioneer of California,
having resided in this section for thirty
years.
King took the woman from her abode
and endeavored to reform her. What
led up to the shooting is unknown, as
none of King's associates were aware
of his consorting with the woman. The
shooting is best tc/id in the words of
f. M. Hickman, the colored janitor,
who says:
"When I came on duty at 6 o'clock
this evening 1 saw a woman standing
in the hall near the head of the stairs.
She asked me if every one had left the
building. 1 said no, and gathered up
a few of my tools. When i came back
iru-m the room where my brooms were,
the woman had disappeared, but her
strange actions aroused my suspicions,
and 1 walked down the corridor on the
other side of the floor. She was in the
dark part of the hall, but the windows
across the light shaft gave her an op
portunity to look into the office of the
City Engineer. She disappeared again,
ana when 1 next saw her she was hid
behind a pillar which supports the
staircase. 1 went about my work for
twenty-nve minutes, but her actions
worried me so 1 returned to see what
became of her. She had gone to the
same window in the dark part of/ the
hall, and after peering through it re
turned to the pillar and concealed her
self. I went into the office at the head
of the short stairs, and as 1 closed the
door I heard a heavy slam. 1 listened
for sounds, but not a word was ut
tered until the pistol shot rang out. I
rushed out and saw King sinking to
the floor and the wo-man bending over
him, endeavoring to put her revolver
under her cloak. She shrieked, 'Don't
let him die. If it was only myself and
not him. I did not mean to shoot him —
the revolver went off as I tried to shoot
myself. Save and help me.' She was
still talking when I took her to the room
and locked her up. The patrol wagon
was called and she was removed to the
station."
King was taken to the Receiving
Hospital. Drs. Hagan and Choate
found that a 32-caliber bullet had en
tered the body two inches belcny the
navel. King began to sink rapidly, and
Father McCreigan was called to admin
ister extreme unction. King was re
moved to the California Hospital,
where an operation will be performed.
The doctors incline to the opinion that
the viscera has been severed, and that
he is suffering from internal hemor
rhage, and that the hour of his death is
not far removed.
Andrew Carnegie tells how
he rose front a bobbin-boy to a
millionaire, in next Sunday's
Call.
Dare Will Recover.
John T. Dare, father of Starr Daro, the
young California volunteer who was shut
i by a negro at Huntsvllle, Alabama, tins
i received word from Jere Murphy, Mayor
; of that city, that his son is in a fair way
; to recovery. Since the night of the shoot
ing he has developed none but favorable
symptoms, and with the careful atten
■j ti'on he is receiving at the hands of the
citizens of Iluntsville his rapid recovery
•is hoped for. His colored assailant will
i be vigorously prosecuted, as his cowardly
j attempt at murder has roused the bitter
: indignation of the people of the locality,
, and everything is being done to give him
, full justi'c<-.
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a further Improvement In mining
stocks but sales continued small.
Local securities were fairly active and prices
showed no pronounced change.
The French Havings and Loan Society hae de- ]
dared a dividend of 4 per cent on term and
3 1-3 per tent per annum on ordinary deposits,
payable January 3.
I The Quincy Copper Mining: Company of
j Michigan has declared a dividend of $3 50 per
I share, payable February 15. The dividend is
' the regular semi-annual distribution. Total
i dividends declared since organization of the
i company, $10,470,000.
i The stockholders of the Hale & Norcross Min
ing Company have authorized the dissolution
of the present corporation and the formation
of a new company with the same number of
shares of the par value of $3 each instead of
tV«). as at present. Stockholders will receive
share for share.
The Ophir Hill Consolidated Mining Company
of Itah, which sold Its mine and mill to W.
A. Clark of Montana a short time ago for $75,
000, has declared a dividend of $20,000 to its
stockholders.
The Daly-West Mining Company of I'tah
hns called a. special meeting of stockholders for
January 31 to vote upon a proposition to in
crease the capital from $1,600,000 to $3,000,000
j and the number of shares From 75,000 to 150,000.
i The Dexter gold mine of Tuscarora, New. has
made another shipment of auro-cyanldes,
valued at $4000.
The annual meeting of the Silver King Min
ing Company has been called for January 10.
In the Standard Consolidated mine at Bodle
for the week ending December "4 exploratory
work continued to be done on the 150, 31S and
! 838 foot levels in the No. 10, Security. New and
Black lrdges. The north drift on the 150 level
had 16 Inches of good ore In the face. In
raise No. 1 in the New vein, on the 318 level,
there is a body of low grade ore f> feet wide
which shows a little better as they go up. On
the 336 level the or" is still of good quality,
but not so high grade as It has been. In the
slopes on the 270 foot level C and D veins have
come together, forming a high grade vein 2 to
j 3 feet wide. The ore at other points has to be
I carefully sorted, but averages well. At the
! mill, doors and sashes are being put In. Rock
i breaker, vanners. etc., have arrived. The
framing of battery timbers is nearly completed.
j The placing of battery blocks has been delayed
j but they expected to begin this work in two
or three days. At the power plant the shln
ment of water wheels has been delivered. The
stringing of the third wire from Bodle has
been finished for about nine miles. Tailings
I plant No. 1 treated 294% tons of tailings for
j the week.
I The following local Incorporations disbursed
dividends during the past month:
<;;\k Consumers' Association $ 15 $ 2.02".
Oakland Gas Company 25 ' 7'soo
' Puclflr Gas Improvement Co £0 15.000
i Pacific LlghtiiiK Company 40 8 000
; S. F. Ga9 & Electric 60 63.750
, San Jose Water 50 4.241
Spring Valley Water 60 70 000
California Street Cable in S.OOft
j Geary Street Cable <"ompany.. 60 5,000
, Alaska Packers' Association .. 75 30.000
j Hutchinsc.n Plantation 50 2.">,000
! Natoma Vineyard Company.... 05 3 000
I Pacific Telephone ' 40 13201)
Sunset Telephone 26 7~f.n0
Oceanic Steamship 50 12 500
Parafflne Paint Company 25 2 500
Pacific Coast Borax 6 00 S5 000
Argonaut Mining Company 10 20,000
Hale & Norcross Mining Co 1 SO 165.000
Horn Silver 20 20.000
Homestake Mining Co. (extra).. 25 SllsSQ
Homestake Mining Company .. 25 31250
Mead Mining Company 4 00 SO 000
Morning Star Mining Company 5 iwi 12 000
Pennsylvania Mining Co 05 2i575
Total $737,716
A summary of the dividends for December
compares as follows:
1897. 189 S.
°as $91,275 $96,275
Water 70,741 74.241
Hallway 10.000 10.000
Sugar 20,000 25,000
™ 36.000 36,000
Telephone 20 700 20,700
Mining 225.475 362.500
Miscellaneous J t soo 113,000
Totals $473,691 J737.716
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Dec. 30.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask. I
Bonds— sf G & E... 86 ■„ - I
4s quar coup.. — — San Fran 3* -
4s quar reg... — _ Stockton Gas. 10' il4
4s quar new... — — . Insurance
is quar coup.. 107 - Firem's Fund. 2lo —
Miscellaneous— Water Stocks—
Cal-st Cab 6b.. 115 117 Contra Costa.. 50% 55
c«-lc «-l El 6s 12.-,V4i2T" a Marin Co 30 —
C. C Wat os. ..103 — Spring Valley. 101%102
I)up-st ex c... — 9S'i.| Bank Stocks—
E L & p 6s..l3ot4l3l'ilAnglo-Cal .... 64V. 66
F&CI Ry 65. 114 — Bank of Cal... — "258
Qeary-st R ss. — 102 Cal SD & T..looi4lol>i
HC & S u'is. — 105 First Nationl.22o N250
LAL Co 65.. 99 — Lon P & A. ...133 -
Do gntd 65. .100 103 Mer Exchange— 16
Market-et 65..125% — Nev Nat 8....176 —
Do Ist M 55.115%116 Savings Banks—
NCN G R 75. 111W — Ger S & L..1625 —
NRy Cal 65..116'<.120 Hum 8 & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 55..108«* — Mutual Say. — 45
NPC R R 65. 106 — R F Say U.. 500 —
NPC R R 55. 102% — Sft L 50..., — 100
N Cal R R ss. SSMiNK Security S B 300 350
Oak Gas 65....1i0',i — Union T C 0.1060. 1060 — S
Om Ry 6s ]28 — Street Railroads—
1 J &Cl Ry 6s. 107 — California ....110 —
P&O 6s 112 — Geary 45 —
Powell-st 65... 120 122 Vi Mark'ei-st .... 59% 59%
Sao El Ry 55. .111 HP* < >ak SLi H. - —
SlerrußC'al 65.104'.'.10.".U Presidio 10^ —
SP.of Ar 65.. 112)4113 ~ Powder—
S P C68(1905-6)113 113H California ....151% —
SPC 6s (1912)120 122 E Dynamite... 85 96
SPCIs eg ss. — im> Giant Con Co. 59 a.Hi
X P Br 6s 122K122tt Vigorit 2TS 3
S V Water Os. IIP'-. 120 Miscellaneous—
S V Water 45. 102*, — Al Pa<- A5»n..105%108
P V W45(3dm).101%101% Ger Ld Wk5..160 —
Stktn Gas 65.. — 103 liana PI C 0... 17* 17%
Gas & Electric— II C & S Co.. 57% 58
Capital Gas... — — Hutch S P Co. 64% 65
Ont Gaslight. los — Mer Ev Assn. SO —
Ont I, At P... 15% — Oceanic S Co.. 62^ 62*;
Mutual El Co. 11% 1214 Pac A F A... 1% 1%
Oakland Gas.. 52>4 — i Pac C Bor Co. 100 —
Pac Has Imp. Sfi% S7 I Par Paint Co. 7 —
Pac LCo 47 4:) I
Morning Session.
Board —
30 Giant Powder Con 5S 75
10 Giant Powder Con 58 87Vi
20.") Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar r.T S7 1 *
SO HuUhinson S P Co 04 87%
105 S F Gas & Electric Co 86 7.'. !
7 S V Water 101 50
100 Vigorit Powder 3 00
Street—
30 Oakland Gas 52 50
20 S F Gas & Klectric Co 87 00 [
Afternoon Session.
Board —
30 Giant Powder Con, cash 59 00
25 liana Plantation Co ; 17 62V4
70 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar ' 57 S7V4
200 Hutchinson S P Co 64 87>A
165 Market-st Railway 59 50
146 Mutual Electric Light 12 00
$20(10 Market-st Ry Con bds, 5 per cent.. 11.". 75
35 Oceanic S S Co 62 50
SO S F Gas & Electric Co 87 00
105 V Water 101 75
95 S V Water 102 00
$10,000 S P of A bonds 112 50
400 Vigorit Powder 2 S7'4
100 ViKorit Powder 3 00
Street—
90 Central Light & Power 16 00
100 Hutchinson S P Co 64 S7V4
$50u0 Stockton Gas & El lit bonds 102 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
60 Alaska Packers' 105 50
25 Alaska Packers' 105 75
25 Alaska Packers 1 106 00
50 Central Light & P 15 00
100 Hawaiian ; 57 50
(3000 S V Water 4 per cent 102 67%
50 Equitable Gaslight 11 25
CO Equitable Gaslight 11 50
100 Equitable Gaslight 12 00
Aftf-rnoon Session.
Board —
SO Equitable Gaslight 12 50
50 Equitable Gaslight 12 75
50 Equitable Gaslight 13 00
100 Vigorit 3 00
100 Vigorit 2 S7'4
50 Equitable Gaslight 13 7.".
50 Central Light & P 16 00
100 Mutual E 12 00
$30"iO S V Water 4 per cent 102 S7',<,
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stork Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Chollar 16 [100 Union Con 34
300 Gould & Curry- 27 100 T.'tnh 09
300 Sierra Nevada.. H.V 100 Yellow Jacket.. 27
200 Sierra Nevada.. 96
Afternoon Session.
1000 Alpha 03 100 Gould & Curry. . 2S
100 H-leher IS TO Hale & Norcrs.. 12
100 Best & Belcher. 3s I*lo Mexican 34
300 Bullion US 100 Ophir 55
100 Chollar 1C 300 Potosi 15
150 Con Cal <fc Va...1 30 110 Sierra Nevada.. 98
300 Con < - al fr Va...l 2:> 200 Union Con 35
800 Crown Point 17 200 Utah 10
200 Gould & Curry.. 27 < 200 Yellow Jacket.. 2S
Following: were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
r.iiO Alpha Con 04 2'K) Ophir 61
200 Belcher IS 200 Ophlr 53
500 Bullion 03 r.oo Overman o;
400 Chollar 16 400 Potoal 15
600 Con Cal ft Va.l IT% 200 Sierra Nevada.. 95
•i Cal A- Va...l 2'i 500 Sierra Nevada.. 96
300 Crown Point 17 300 Sierra Nevada.. 92
]<XtO .Milla 01 600 Union Con 34
1200 Mexican 32 !;oo Union Con 33
650 Mexican 33-500 Yellow Jacket.. 27
4 Iphir 52 1 800 Yellow Jacket.. 25
Afternoon Session.
700 Andes 08)200 Hale & Norcrs.. 12
SOO Best & Hdr-her. .V' 200 Just Ice 16
300 Con Cal & Va.l 22.. 800 Savage n
300 Con Cal & Va.l 27'j. 700 Sierra Nevada.. 96
500 Gould & Curry.. 28 400 Union Con 33
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Dec. 30—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con 04 O.*> Julia — 01
Alta — 07 Justice IS 1H
Andes 06 07 Kentuck 08 10
Belcher 18 19 Lady Wash.... — 05
Renton Con 04 10 Mexican 33 34
Beal & Bolcher 38 39. Occidental 50 —
Bullion 02 03 ophir F>4 65
Caledonia 20 22 ' Overman 06 07
Chollar IS 16lPotn»i 14 ]5
Challenge Con. 17 18 1 Savage 13 14
Coniidenoe 60 — Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Vr.,l 2.1 130 Seg Blecher.... 03 04
Con Imperial — 01 Sierra Nevada. 96 98
Crown Point... 16 17 Silver Hill — 04
Con New York. — o."> Syndicate 05 10
Eureka Con 30 —Standard 185 —
Exchequer — 02 Union Con 33 34
Gould & Curry. 28 29 Utah 09 10
Hale & Norcrs. 11 12 Yellow Jacket. 25 2«
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
W. B. Kastln (trustee) to Mary S. Haight,
lot on S line of Green street, 124.3.' E of Van
Ness avenue, S 87:6, E 18, NE 120, N 24:3, \V
125.13; $1.
Mary S. and George W. Halght to Rodger
Curry, lot on S line of Green street, 134.50 \V of
Polk, \V 50, S 68, XE along LAguna, lot 11, 60
feet. N 24; $10. -
Thomas Rendell to Hannah Rendell (wife),
lot on S line of O'Farrell street, 137:6 W of
Folk, W 27:6 by S 120: gift.
American Surety Company of New York to
Kate Dalton, lot on SW corner of Page and
Fillmore streets, W 124:6 by S 63: $10.
Matilda Roberts to Mattle Boyd, lot on SE
corner of Pine and Lyon streets, S 27:6 by E
93:9; $10. . ,
W. J. and Anna L. "Wells to Vineebt A. and
May C. Dodd. lot on SE corner of Jackson and
Cherry streets, S 32:2',; by E 117:9, quitclaim
deed; fin.
Vincent A. and Mary C. Dodd to Mary A.
Batten, same; $10.
Cora B. Smith (wife of Sidney V.) to Edwin
E. Parker, lot on W line of Cherry street, 40
S of Clay. S 33 by W 105:4; $10.
Joseph M. Donlon (by S. C. Bigelow and A.
A. Smith, trustees) to Savings and I,oan So
ciety, 1429 d 369, lot on S line of Twenty-third
street, 200 E of Guerrero, E 30 by S IJ4, trus
tees' deed: $2778. .
Emit H.. Rose. Eugene, E. 1., Edward.
Henry, Attillo and Irene Daneri to Charles B.
Cavagnaro, lot on S line of Vallejo street, 97:6
W of Powell. W 20 by N 76:6; ilO.
Augustus F. Rodgers to J. B. Pon and Ca
lixte I.alanne. lot on S line of Washington
street. .110 E of Mason, E 27:6 by « 107:6; $10.
Robert and Fannie ti. Hatton to I>ambert H.
W. Feldcamp, lot on E line of Tennessee street.
175 N of Sierra, X 25 by F. 100; $10.
Gherardi. Chandler. Hasbroock. Eliza B. and
L.oulsa I. Davis to Theo. and Tobene Tellefnen.
lot on E line of Fourth avenue, 150 N of Point
Lobos. N 25 by E 125, quitclaim deed: $10.
Fred A. McNally to Mary E. Johnson (wife of
G. W.), lot on -W line of Thirty-fifth avenue,
125 S of Clement street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
William and C. T. Nicol to August Gunther,
lot 813, Gift Map 3; $30.
Alameda County.
Katie Schuler to Andrew Frank, lot on N
line of Seventh street, 100 \V of Clay, : TV 50 by
N 100, block 74, Oakland : $1500.
Jeremiah C. and Elizabeth Crowley to F. W.
Weyhe, 11.356 acres, being lot 6. Piedmont Ter
race, being a subdivision of lot BA, Bowman
Tract, and lot A. block F, ; Piedmont Park
Oakland Township; $10.
Lizzie R. Barstow to t'nlon Saving Bank, lot
on NW corner of linden and Twenty-second
streets. W 264 by N 395:3, block 633, Oak
land; $10.
James V. Coleman and Cecilia C. d'Andlgne
to Beatrice M. Hall, lot on SW corner of Tele
graph avenue and Thirtieth . street. S 45, \V
124.46. N 45, E 127.0S to beginning, block 2029
Rowland Tract. Oakland: $1500.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to J. G
Jackson, lot 30 in plat 31, Mountain View Ceme
tery, Oakland Township; $149. •> .
James McGee to • Daniel Curry, lot on E line
of Grant street, 260 S of Charming way, E 130
by S 52, being lot 1. : block 23, McGee Tract.
Berkeley; $5. • .
' Anna M. I^leae to 'Arthur H. Llese. lot on NW
line of Twelfth avenue. 190 NE of East Twelfth
street. NE . 100 by NW 80, block 41. Clinton, j
East Oakland: e1ft. ...... , v, -.. . ;, 
Mountain View Cemetery Association —to
George H. and Minnie Gartliorne, lot 32 In plat
36, Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland Town
ship; $112.
Charlotte J. O'Keefe to Giles H. Gray, lot
on NW line of Howe street, 100 NE of Howard.
NE 100 by NW 250, being lots 5 and 8, block S.
Howe Tract, Oakland Annex; $o'W.
Christopher and Flora Christensen and Golden
Gate .Land and Improvement Company and
Christian Vane (by commissioner) to Mary A.
Ryan, lot on SW corner of Mattie avenue and
Lowell street, W 72.12, S SO. X 67.29, N 50.02
to beginning, being: lots A3 and A 4, map of lots
4 and 6, block A. J. E. McElratb Tract. Oak
land Annex: $1 300.
Luipi and Vlncenzo Devincenzl and Madalena
and Francesco Figone to Domenico Devincenzl.
lot y, block 21, Beaudry ami Peladeau prop
erty, Oakland Township quitclaim deed: $900.
Thomas M. nnd Mary J. Koblnson to M. K.
Miller, lot II and N 5 feet of lot 42. block 1426,
Blake Tract, maps 1 and 2. Berkeley; >10.
Plummer Improvement <v,mpany to Fred H.
Clark, lot «n W line of Piedmont avenue, IGO
N Of Kearny si reel. N 20 by W 135, Berke
ley; $300
James McGee and Louis F. Boudett. lot on £
line of Addison street, 104 E of Grant, E 52
by S 130. being lot 3. block 2. McGee Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
O. D. Sherman to Amelia E. Sherman, lot on
E line of Stanford avenue, 111.20 N of Ashby,
N 44.49, E 133.85, S 40. \Y 151.08 to beginning,
being lot 26, block A, Adeline Tract, Berke
ley; gift.
Frederick A. Dndea to Frank F. Dodge, lota
12. 13, IS. 19. 20. 22 and 23, Turnbull Tract, be
ing a subdivision »f lot 7. Yoakum , Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Thomas H. ami Annie M. Kortlck to Sarah
Kortick. lots 24 and 25. same. Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
F. A. Dodge to Anna L. Danforth, lot 14, map
same. Brooklyn Township; $10»
Anna Kaltenbacb to Anna Mohna, lot on S
line of Enninal avenue. 304 W of Paru street,
W a by S 110. Alameda: gift.
W. 8. and Louise M. Phelan to I. I* Saxt i,
lot on N line o:" Chicago avenue, l'.u E of Fr It
vale, E SO, N 130. W 30. N 80, W 50, S 18 to
'..eßlnning, block I. Prospect Hill Tract. Br k
lyn Township; $10.
R. O. and Mary Gray to George TV. Schweln
hard, lots 108 to 110, \Z~ to 131, map of reaub
division of lots 1 to 11, Baker subdivision of lot
1, Yoakum Tract. Brooklyn Township, subject
to a mortgage for $3000; $1000.
George W. and Mary E. Schweinhard to
Charles Seitz, lots 127 to 131, map of resu!
ion of lots 1 to 11 of Baker subdivision of lot
1. Yoakum Tract. Brooklyn Township, subject
to a mortgage for $3000; $02.".
Builders' Contracts.
The Morosco Amusement Company fnwner)
with B. F. Ellis (contractor) architect M. G.
Bughee— Carpentry for alterations to a theater
building on N line f Mission street. 107 XV of
Third, W 110 by N 27f.; JKWfI.
Same with Merchant & Nickels (contractors!.
architect same-Painting, tinting and papering
for same on same; jiiro.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
W L Perfott, Cal S Washburne. S Jose
R N Burton. Sonora S C Cornell. Merced
J E Lombard. US N SB Morris, Merced. -
C H Kevan & w, N J S .T Maddux. Modesto
Miss Lelghton. N.l !D I Hlrahberg, lone
J T Ellison. Red Bluff E Ward. Sutter County
C Aull.-Folsom i Miss N Timmons, Etna
J L Tucker. Sacto Miss X Timmons. Etna
I, Tozer. Sacto Miss E Wilson, Chico
L X Fletcher. Cal Mrs J S Reed. Ukiah
Mrs C T Lindsay, Cal C H Crawford, Stanfd
XV a Schofletd. Mo TH Crawford & w. Or
XV II Nichols. Courtlnd H C Simm, Phila
A L Hurbank. L Ang XV II Bryan, Tucson
O C Williams. Cal A T Currier. L Ang
E P Wilson, Palo Alto J A Mclntire. Sacto
E A Forbes, Angel Isld C Simpson, Pasadena
C T Harper, Sacto V. Gaddls, Woodland
R Brown, Oakland VV R Porter. Woodland
3 H Seawell, Uktah R Crogan. Cal
J Ronan &w, Seattle ;\V E Price. Sacto
Dr S .1 Call. Seattle J Barbour. S Diego
C E Miner, St Louis . J G Bennett. P Robles
Mrs F Ford. Ky Mrs Baker, Boston
O Halsted, Dyea 1W McKenzle, 8 Monica
II A .Tostlo. Bakersfleld Mrs Meckendv. Menlo
J E Harper, Reno II H Hudd, lone
H A Bell &w. Sacto <} A Stone. L Ang
H E Higgins. Cal It Woodworth. Mass
C W Reeves. Ohio R S Cantlhe. L Ante
J Reeves, Ohio P II Tynan. Portland
T S Carothers, Ukiah G M Antrim, L Ang
II M Le Baron, Cal C S Hallifax, Sacto
W J Carlisle. L Ang D ( - Sines & W. Sacto
II B Brown, L Ante T Gatts. W Virginia
J F Parkinson, w &■ c, A L Eskridge. Detroit
Palo Alto J E Baxter, L Ang
PALACE 'TEL.
r B Drake, Toledo, O Mrs F Ford. Ky
E F Holmes, NY CS Hardy. S Diego
W B Mann. N V V H Cook, Cal
.T Barnes, Chicago II L Pace, Tulare
T M Schumacher, Chgo Mrs H L Pace, Tulare
O Q Sage, Sacto L B Whitesides, N V
P R Jarboe, S Mateo Mrs Brady. Chicago
A G Locke, Chicago o M Thumlor, Chicago
D T Davles. Cal i Mrs Thumlor, Chicago
H Abraham, N V W H* Connor, Chicago
T Edwards. NY CE Langham. N V
Mrs T Edwards. NYC Bergman, S Jose
F F Mayo, Canton, Pa G R Putnam, D C
H Campeau, Detroit |J E Lennon. N V
F W James. Wash L Woodbury & w, D C
R E Strickland. Wash
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
B Stelmetz & w, Cal G W Inglson. S Jose
J W Howell. Upper L H C Green. Palo Alto
G Brahler. NY If R F.lenbergt Cal
,T O McCrneken, i a Jose H Brown, Stockton
Mrs A Sarfleld, S Jose IS Fennin, Englewood
L R Lacoyetts. Cal S Stedman. Chicago
I' .1 White. Cal CHSvelkh, Chicago
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
61"> Larliln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
N\V. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
street*; open until 9 o'clock.
DIVIDKXD NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice Security Savings Hank. 222
Montgomery st., Mills building. For the half
year ending December 31, 189S, dividends on
term deposits at the rate of four (4) per cent
per annum, and on ordinary deposits at the
rate of three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent
per annum, free of tax»s, will be payable on
and after January 3, IS*99.
S. L. ABBOT JR., Secretary.
OFFICE of The Hibernla Savings and Loan
Society, corner Market, McAllister and Jones
sts., San Francisco, Dec. 2S, ISM.— At a regu-
lar meeting of the board of directors of this
society, held this day, a dividend has been
declared at the rate of three and one-half
(3 1 ,.) per cent per annum on all deposits for
six months ending December 31, IS9S, free
from all taxes, and payable on and after
January 1, 1899.
ROBERT J. TORIN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Savings and Loan Society,
101 Montgomery St., corner of Sutter. The
board of directors declared a dividend for the
half >ear ending December 31. 189S, at the rate
of four (4) per cent per annum on term de-
posits and three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent
per annum on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, Hnd payable on and after Tuesday,
January 3, 1599. Dividends not called for are
added to an.l bear the same rate of dividend
as the principal from and after January 1,
1599. CYRUS W. CARMANY, Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend" No. .S3 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office, 327
Market st.. on and after Tuesday. January
8, IS9S.
Transfer books will close on Wednesday,
December 23. IHVS, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. Tl. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Continental Build-
ing and Loan Association, No. 222 Sansome
street: For the year ending December 31,
IS9B. a dividend has been declared at the rate
of 6 per cent per annum on ordinary deposits.
7 per cent on term deposits, 10 per cent per
annum to class "F " stock and 32 per cent
per annum to class "A" stock, all free of
taxes. WILLIAM CORBIN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Th~ German Savings
and Loan Society. 52fi California st.— For the
half year ending December 31. 1898. a divi-
dend has been declared at the rnte ( >f four (4)
per cent per annum on term deposits and
three and one-third <8 1-3) per cent per annum
on ordinary dep sits, free of taxes, payable
on and after Tuesday, January 3, 1899
GEORGE TOURNY, Secretary.
HUMHOLDT Savings and Loan Society, IS
Geary st.— The directors have declared the fol-
lowing semi-annual dividends: 4 per cent
per annum on term and 3 1-3 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after January 3, IS!W.
ERNEST BRAND. Sec.
SAN FRANCISCO Savings Union. 532 Califor-
nia St., corner Webb. Dividend notice— For
the half year ending with the 31st of De-
cember. 189 S. a dividend has been declared
at the rate per annum of four (4) per cent
on term deposits and three and on?-thlrd
(3 1-3) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and after Tuesday Janu-
ary 3, 1899. LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— Mutual Savings Bank ot
San Francisco. 33 Post street. For the half
year ending December 31. IS9S, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and six-
tenths (3.6) per cent per annum on all de-
posits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Tuesday. January 3. 1599
GEORGE A. PTHRY. Cashier.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and"
Home Society hereby gives notice that it
has admitted Into the orphanage from July
1. 1898, to December 31. 189 S. the following
named orphans and half orphans, boys and
girls, viz: Sarah Rothenstein. aged 7 years:
Hyman Rothenstein. aged 5 years; Henry
Barron. aged S years; Edwin Abrams. aged
5 years 2 months; Harry Benjamin, aged 6
years 9 months; Sadie Kohn. aged 10 years;
Irene Weil, aged 5 years; Helen Weil, aged
4 years; Abraham Danziger, aged 11 years,
and Leo Rosfnthal, aged 3 years 9 months.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
A WEEK'S news- for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
MEETING NOTICES.
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle Club will * IST'?**
celebrate "Hogmanay" by "a stag JJj %MMJ
high jinks" THIS (SATURDAY) T^Kk*
EVENING, Fraternity Hall, 32 *- _'»
O'Farrell St., commencing: at 8 o clock. Mem-
bers and friends are cordially invited to at-
tend. W. A. DAWSON, Royal Chief.
GEO. W. PATERSON, Recorder.
NOTICE of Stockholders' Meeting— Office of
the Mountain Ice Company of California, 327
Market St.. San Francisco. Cal.— Notice is
hereby given that in accordance with a reso-
lution of the board of directors of the Moun-
tain Ice Company of California, duly adopted
at a meeting of said board, duly convened
and held on the 16th day of December, 189S,
a special meeting of the stockholders of th«
M 'Untidn Ice Company of California will be
held on Friday, the 24th day of February,
1599 at the office of the company at 327
Market St., in the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California, the same be-
ing the principal place of business and of-
fice of said corporation, and the building
where the board of directors usually meet.
The object and purpose of said stockhold-
ers' meeting is to then and there take into
consideration and act upon a proposition
diminish the .-apltal stock of said com-
iny from three hundred thousand ($300,000)
dollars, divided into three thousand (3000)
shares of the par value of one hundred ($100)
dollars each, to thirty thousand ($30,000)
dollars, divided into three thousand (3000)
shares of of the par value of ten ($10) dollars
each. By order of the board of directors.
JOSEPH MARTIN,
Secretary of the Mountain Ice Company of
California.
ANNUAL MEETING — Notice is hereby given
that the tenth annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the San Francisco and Oakland
Mutual Loan Association will be held at the
office of the corporation. 518 Montgomery St.,
corner of Commercial, San Francisco, on
WEDNESDAY, January 4th. 1899, at 7:30
o'clock p. m., for the purpose
of electing directors for the ensuing: year,
presentation of the tenth annual report and
the transaction of such other business an
may come before the meeting.
Books are now open for subscription to
1000 shares of stock <•♦ the eleventh series;
loans made in San Francisco and Alameda
Counties only; Interest 6 per cent per an-
num, free of mortgage taxes: premium 20
per cent gross, or 50 cents per share In-
stallments, at pleasure of borrower, which
amounts to $12 SO per month for each $1000
net cash received by the borrower; this sum
paying both principal and interest; loans
may be repaid at any time desired. By or-
der of the Board of Directors.
THOMAS J. WELSH, President.
A. PRARBORO. Secretary.
SPRING Valley Water Works, San Francisco,
Dei-ember 2S. 1898.— The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Spring Valley Water
Works will be held at the office of the
company, 12G Stockton st., San Francisco,
California, at 12 o'clock noon on WEDNES-
DAY, the 11th day of January, 1899, to elect
trustees to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such other business
as may come before the meeting.
PELHAM W. AMES, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by the hydraulic
process from Rocco Molinart in the Humbug
Gulch Mine, near Volcano, Amador Co., to
deposit tailings in Humbug Gulch; from. J. B.
Meek, in the Grizzly Hill Mine, near Vol-
cano, Amador Co., to deposit tailings in Mis-
ery Creek; from Lewis Emery. Jr., in the
Emery Placer Mine, near Mountain Ranch.
Calaveras Co., to deposit tailings in Murray
Creek, and from Archie Newell, in the Newell
Claim, near Oleta. Amador Co., to deposit
tailings in Deadman Creek, gives notice that
a meeting will be held at room 59. Flood
bonding. San Francisco, Cal., on January' 9,
1599, at 1:30 p. m.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the Sumdum Chief Mining Company
will be held at the office of the company,
room S, Hobart building, ,"32 Market st., San
Francisco, Cal., on FRIDAY, the 6th day of
January, 1599. at the hour of 2 o'clock p. in.,
for the purpose of electing a board of di-
rectors to serve during the ensuing year and
the transaction of such other business as may
tome tefor- the meeting.
K. G. STEVENSON. Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' Meeting— The annual meet-
ing of 'he stockholders of the California Dry-
dock Company will be held at the office of
the company. No. 302 California street. San
Francisco, California, on MONDAY, January
9, 18S9, at 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of
electing a Board of Directors to serve for the
ensuing year, and for the transaction of such
other business as may properly come befora
tfie meeting. W. F. RUSSELL, Secretary.
Office No. 302 California street, room 3
San Francisco, Cal., Dec. 24, 1898.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders ot
THE NEVADA NATIONAL 3ANK OF SAN
FRANCISCO. Cal.. will be held at Its baj-.*.-
Ing house. No. 301 Montgomery St., San Fran-
cisco. Cal., on TUESDAY, January 10, 1899,
at 3:15 o'clock p. m.. for the election of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and th«
transaction of euch other business as may
come before the meeting.
D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
Ban Francisco, December 9, 1898.
A LOAN can be had on your plane without re-
moval, or we will buy It. INCLE HARRIS.
15 Orant aw. nrar Market st.
situatiows wanted— fbhalb.
LADIES d-esiring first-class help of all nation-
alities can secure Fame by calling on or ad-
dressing MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT nuree. best of references, de-
sires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 31«
Sutter st.
LADY would like few regular customers for
hairdressing, bleaching, dyeing and sham-
pooing; also beautifying face and hands.
Send order by postal. Hairdresser, 1206 Mar-
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation to do
general RlHue'work; good cook; moderate
wages; city or country- 26"ii Stevenson st.,
near Fourth.
AMERICAN woman wants housework in small
family of adults; competent; prefers city;
must have work. Call at 211 4th St., rm. 28.
HOUSEKEEPER— Position wanted In widow-
er's family of children. Address A., branch
office Call. 615 Larkin st.
POSITION as pianist for orchestra, or accom-
panist for soloist. Address OLIVE SAGER,
room 35, Hotel Langham.
COMPETENT cook wishes situation In pri-
vate family; would do general housework in
small family. Call 227 Hayes st.
POSITION as infants' nurse or companion to
elderly person or Invalid. D. D., 929 Pine st.
YOUNG woman wants to do housework; plain
conking; references. 306 Steiner St.
ALL the consideration and respect shown to
ladies who are temporarily embar-aseed at
UNCLE HARRIS", IB Grant aye.. nr. Market.
ENGLISH widow, having buried her husband,
wants position as housekeeper: partial to
children: domesticated and refined; $30; no
trifles. Write 29 Taylor st.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as house-
keeper or cook on ranch; best of references.
915 Minna, off Tenth.
NEAT, reliable woman wishes position as
working housekeeper; no triflers. Address A.
W., box 873. Call office, Oakland.
EXPERIENCED laundress wants work by th«
day. Call 312 Van Ness aye.
RESPECTABLE and reliable person desires
Bituatlon care a child and do sewing; is rtrst-
class seamstress; also speaks good Spanish;
no objection to wages; country or traveling;
references. Box 254 Call office, Oaklar.i.
MANAGING housekeeper in a family of re-
finement by a widow from the East refer-
ence. Address till Jan. 3, Housekeeper, 1375
Eleventh aye.. East Oakland.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. rear Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 SO night; '1 50 to $8
Week; convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Op<>n until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken. __^_^______
Sill \ TIONS \\ \M'i:i> — >» VI, K.
FOR first-class hotel or restaurant help of any
kind send orders to J. F. CBOSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary, tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414»i O'FarreU St.; tel. East 436.
COMPETENT man wishes the management of
gentleman's estate: expenencea In building
and improvements: als" train and stock; vet-
erinary surgeon's certificate; high references;
no salary expected; 1-xird and lodging. Box
16. Dimond-P. O. Alameda, tal.
SOBER, industrious young German wants a
position in private place; very handy about
the house; good gardener: can take care of
horses, etc. Address box 6.1, Call.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind, city
or country; understands care of horses; handy
with tools. Address E. M.. 713H Minna st.
AN able-bodied young German wants work as
porter, Janitor, store, wholesale or ware-
house, or any steady work. Box 546, Call.
ALL who intend to go to the country can store
their sealskins, silverware, piano or valu-
ables for safe keeping till they return, receiv-
ing a loan as well, from UNCLE HARRIS 15
Grant aye.. near Market st
HIGH School boy wishes work before and a'ter
school for board and room; experienced in
office work and clerking in general store;
speaks uerman well. Box 541. Call.
HER— Good cutter and salesman, with
ood t;sa re^ r f nces * wants position. Address
box 538, Oakland office Call, Tenth and Broad-
way.
SITUATION wanted— Work of any kind by a
fireman; best of references: steady and sober.
Address box S4O. Call office
S l°^ ! lr ' c wanted on commission by commer-
cial traveler. Address box 599. Call.
SHORT order ~ cook wishes situation In res-
stelSv 1 and COffe c hOUBe: 15 years> experience;
IMff/olsom ,L° ber: mamed - man « ' i Addre "• ITI'ATIONS WANTED— Continued.
WANTED^A traveling man of 15 years' expe-
rience d*slrous of handling a few established
lines in the brokerage business In Los An-
geles; can furnish best of references. Ad-
dress A., 21S Franklin st.. Los Angeles, Cal.
BIN OLE EngliFi.man wants situation as milker
and buttermaker: understands the care of
fine stock and rearing calves and pigs. Ad-
dress C. HEWITT. 50S Second St.. Oakland.
1 HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
cT^iTTTXns'kn'^'c CO :... Phone Grant ISS
2 waitresses, first-class country hotel, $25:
waitress, country, $20; waitress, Redwood
City, $20: 2 lunch waitresses. BOc; 2 restaurant
waitresses, $6 week; 2 ehambermaUls to wait
$80; chambermaid to wait extra for one week,
$1 day. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary^
COOK wanted by the <lay; private family. C
H. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. ;
C. R. II K.NSEN *• COT.T. Phone Grant 185
German or French coofc $25; hounegirl. Berke-
ley, $23. sec party here; German chamber-
maid and seamstress, «:'3: housegirl, lollis-
ter, $20, fare pal I; 20 girls for '"" and
housework. $20 and J25: 23 young girls for
housework and to assist, $12 to $20. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HOUSEWORK for Modesto, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, '225 Gutter st.
2 COOKS. $35 and $30: 6 second girls, $25. $20
nnd $15; 3 wail:-- $20 each; 2 chamber-
maids $20 and $15; 12 housework girls. $25.
$20 and $15- several young girls to assist In
fight hous.-work, $15 and $10. MISS CUL-
LEN 323 Kutter st_
WAITRESS* for Boulder Creek, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Putterj-^
CHAMBERMAID and waitress. boarding-
house. $20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Butter st.
RESTAURANT waitress, $6 per week. MISS
CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES, country hotels, $20; and oth-
ers. J. F. CROSETT _ CO., 31G Buttei st.
KITCHEN maid In nice private family. $20;
calj early. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 gutter.
FIRST-CLASS American nurse for city, $25; 5
cooks in American and German families, $23
and $30; 2 Irish and French second girls. $20;
waitress and parlor maid, $25; French cook,
in restaurant, $30; lunch conk, $30; 3
waitresses, {20. $.' and $0 week; and a I
great many girls for cooking and housework,
.i F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter St.
COOK. i>!aln -wash, 2 in family, a short dis-
tance, 25: girl for housework. San Jose,*s2s;
a::d others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Kutter st.
WAITRESS first-class country hotel, fare paid:
cooks, etc.. tot the country. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED— A neat girl to do general house- !
Bwork and plain cooking In small family. Ap-
ply, with reference, bet. 10 and 12 m.. 9268
Fulton st.
ENGLISH Protestant girl, second work, wait-
ing ed sewing, wages $20. Call bet. 1 and 2,
Saturday, 2214 Clay st.
HAIR dressers wanted at Q. LEDERER'S, 113
Stockton st.
YOUNG girl for light housework and care of
baby. 127 Ash a»e., before 1 p. m.
WANTED— girl to assist in kitchen; sleep
home : no children. 325% Twelfth st.
YOUNG girl for light housework; wages $10;
sleep home. 1208% Polk st.
LADY solicitor for job printing; salary and
commission. 506 Market, room 2.
GIRL for general housework. Call 9 a. m., 969
Mission st.
$2 OR $100 to loan on your watch at UNCLE
HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.. near Market st.
HOME with small wages for lady who can
sew and do light work. Box 704. Call office,
Oakland.
WANTED— FIrst-clase operators on gents'
white shirts. ROGERSON'S. 535 Valencia.
YOUNG woman for plain cooking and house-
work at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
GIRL for housework. 74 Pleasant, flr"< house
from Jones, near Clay; apply 6 to 9 p. m.
WANTED — An experlencd male hand to as-
ist at tailor shop. 43S Geary st.
WANTED— shoe fitters. 681 Mar-
ket St.; ROSENTHAL. FEDER & CO.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER TAILORING
COLLEGE; lessons $1 per week. 426 Geary.
LEARN . dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns, 2bc up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
NINTH. 167— Branch office of The Call; sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
HELP WANTED MALE.
C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. ..Telephone Grant it.
Barkeeper, springs, first-class hotel, steady
work, good mixer, $30 and found; bread baker.
$50 and found, country, see party here: sec-
onu cock, J'f; broiler, f'C: cop's., km^il hotel.'
near city, $40; \"egetaVilemen anil dishwash-
em, $3 a" week and 12.'. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.; 104 Geary st.
BUTLER and valet, with references. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt.
IRON collars and cuffs, $23 and found. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
YOUNG Frenchman to learn cooking: $25 to
$36 r>n,. board. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
LANDSCAPE gardened for a park; man about
piece, $20: chorenmn, $15. C. R. HANSEN _
CO., 104 Geary st.
SHIP Sunday, January 1, for Skaguay; fare
$12 M C. R. HANBEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MAN and wife for a private residence at a
, mine; man as man about place, wife as cook
and laundress. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
NEAR Ban Francisco
$3 laborers. $1 75 day. MURRAY _ READY,
- 634 and G36 Clay st.
C FARM hands. Santa Clara Co. MURRAY _
READY. 634 and KM Clay Bt.
A— 36 TIE makers. Be, 9c, 10c and 12c each; 52
woodchoppera, $1 per c rd. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
MAN to run a planer and matcher: country
sawmill. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
6 COOKS, different places, $30 and $40 and found
' waiters - — $23 and $20 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Baker for institution, young man;
■waiter, plain hotel. $25: waiter for officers'
mess. $25: assistant waiter, city, $25: young
man as waiter, email country place, $2 mid-
dle-aged man for porter in a saloon, $10;
man about place, with good references, pri-
vate place, etc. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
WANTED— William Farrell, the gardener.
2 miners, steady Job, near city, $52; gardener,
$30; porter for lodging house, $30 and room;
kitchen hand for lunch house. in city, $30;
and others. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay Bt.
TO GO TO-DAY.
10 laborers for sawmill: $20 and board; win-
ter's job. R. T. WARD & CO.. 60S and 610
Clay st.
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advert California Orange Syrup; $2
per day and expenses; caßh every week; par-
ticulars for >-cenl stamp. CALIFORNIA
ORANGE SYRUP CO., San Francisco, Cal.
LARGE insurance office desires city agent hav-
ing good connections and controlling busi-
ness; salary paid. Box 724, Call office.
BARBER from Saturday noon to Sunday noon.
1661% Mission st.
BARBER for Saturday. 1630 Winston at.
WANTED— First-class barber for Saturday and
Sunday. 515 Hayes st.
GOOD barber wanted; steady. At Oakland
liace Track; grand stand.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 872%
Howard st.
BARUERIw Saturday and Sunday. 229 Hayes
street. ; -. sjV i
BAK : wanted for Saturday, $3. 54 Third
.
GOOD barber wanted at 119 Fourth St.; Satur-
day and Bunday. • ■
J BARBER wame^j^THoward st.
WANTED- Barber for country; no other shop.
Apply 203% East street.
«_<? JJ K ED ~"' I^t! busht "'™^ PAUSON & CO..
MEN and women to tak* work home; good
no experience. i M Slxtn at _ room 2.
COOK wanted at 1805 Haight st.
GOOI> waiter at 405 Pacific st
> TO go to-day-300 pairH~~nTe^ fl second-hand
\ shoes, some nearly new. fro We to 11 • new
' i shoes, slightly damaged. % rle» rV 020 2 Mission
\ St., bet First and Second Buj^g^^'y 0 . 1 ?
FOR Kale— Barber shop: fine chancT Tnnnir*.
IL. TROST. 616 Clay st. Cc - In< l ulre
$100,000,000 TO loan on bonds. stock r.-.i e«tnt7"
goods In warehouse and In bond, or on vaiu
ables of all kinds at IS Grant aye.. near xfir
ket St. UNCLE HARRIS. ttr Mar "
WAN»IP-A young man as entry clerk: mn_>
be able to write a good quick band as well
as be quick and correct at figures; mention
age and references. Address ENTRY CLERK
_Jiox !Xl. Call office. hBK -
YOUNG men, seamen, carpenters, blacksmiths"
for ships. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart et. '
I be quick and correct at figures; mention
age and r»>ferenc»P Address KNTHV ■ "Lfrk
Call office. ' °*
IfOUNQ mci arpenters, blacksmiths"
ifalps. B3SRMAN'B. 2c Bteuart i>t. '
DRUGGIST wanted— First class prescription
clerk; must be sober and speak English
French and German. Box 530, Call. '
WANTED— Stonecutters. Apply at work, Co-
lusa Junction, ■ Cal. ..-..._
HELP Continued.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 6 feet 5 inches I
and 6 feet in height. For further Information I
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis St.,
Ban Francisco, Cal. » ■
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third Bt. ; 150 large
rooms, 25c per night; 51 to $3 per week.
WA .'TED— Carriage and sign painter. For par-
ticulars call at 2137 Dwlght way. Berkeley.
BOYS from 14 to 17 years of age. .Apply 246
Sutter St.. room 14.
FINISHER at 22 Clay st. MYSELL-ROLLINS
I CO., bookbinders. .
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Bee., 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764% Mission
St.. men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, SOc and $1 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms. 1542
Market st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, 138% Eighth st.
BARBERS 1 Association Free Employment
Office. 8. FUCHS. Sec. 825 Grant aye.
TRY Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.;
thoroughly renovated; 200 rms.; 15c, 25c night.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c, 25c per night; 75c. $'.
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House, 563% Market st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 604 Davis st. near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 867 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 23c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House. 41 third st.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms. 25c night; reading-room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. *1 per year.
AGENTS WANTED.
PORTRAIT agents everywhere; quit "crayon,"
try washable enameling; no glass: don't
ruh: cheap; particulars. Family Portrait Co..
Chicago.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
YOUNG lady wishes board and room in a re-
i fined private family; terms must be reason-
able. Box 547. Call office.
LOST. ;
LOST— Between 725 Market and 126 Ellis st..
pocketbook containing currency $120, bank
draft $100, railroad excursion ticket; liberal
reward. Room 81, Grand Hotel. ••-.>■,
LARGE black Dane dog. Return to New Elec-
tric Market, 1918 Market St., corner Rose
aye.. and receive reward.
LOST — Blue face gold watch (lady's); reward.
BOYNTON, 1720 Eddy st.
LOST— employing true gentlemen at UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.. near Market St., the :
surety Is given that the most sensitive lady
will receive the kindest treatment; private
entrance and private rooms.
LOST— Tuesday evening, between Valencia st.
and Prospect aye., black silk muffler. Re-
turn to restaurant 1581 Valencia St.; receive
reward.
_____
FOUWD.
FOUND— Purse, Dec. 29; prove property and
pay expenses. 3215 Sixteenth st. I__ : '
I VHIM 1 CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans, i
moves, lay? carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.. !
38 and 40 Eighth st. telephone South' 230.
WHEN you become disgusted With poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer' Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St.: tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.: tel. Jessie 944. ,
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning Sc per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye., tel. East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Mnin T:.H. CEO. wni.COM. Proprietor.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT $5 50 PER MONTH INSTALLMKNTS AND
UPWARD.
$3 60 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright $295 00
Stelnway upright 187 60
Chlckerlng upright 235 00 ■ r
Pohmer upright. :.-. 115 00
Knabe upright 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of '-■' * '
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO.,
136 Ellis St., Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8 j
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the .
pane as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 an 1
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY _ CO., j
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
ets., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.: piano;*, organs and j
all other musical Instruments of all grades j
and prices: terms eaey; prices lowest; every- ;
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A FEW Bargains Until Christmas Only:
Sterling piano: rosewood case $190
Royal piano; oak case 197
Miller piano, rosewood case 198
$6 per month; guaranteed 5 years.
B^NJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
A FINE Hardman piano; little used; price
low for cash. Dewing Co., 2d .floor Flood
bldg.. piano mfts.; sole agents Hardman
piano.
THE best bargains in the city can be found
at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st. Call and see
the stock In their elegant new rooms.
WM. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St.. agent
for celebrated pianos of Francis Bacon of
New York and Hallet & Davis Co.. Boston.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent, 308 Post st.
A FINE Stelnway and new ("nickering upright
sacrificed. KEEFFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.
ALMOST new Chlckerlng upright; half price;
Immediate forced sale. Room 21. Flood bldg.
A GOOD Fischer upright. $125 caßh if sold to-
day. Room 12. Flood building.
FINE Steinway: great bargain. SCHMITZ,
16 McAllister st.. next Hlbernia Bank.
A PIANO that will please y hi. the Byron
Mnu7>-. 308 Post st.
HAINES Pros' and other flrßt-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNO. 216 McAllister.
KNABE pianos; new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell ft.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H. j
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place. ;
DENTISTS.
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth, $5; crowns, $3; fill- :
ings, 60c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible j
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work ,
our specialty: fillings, 50c: crowns. $3 50; all j
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den- ;
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132. j
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell et., ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2, bridges $4; rub-
ber or flexible platen $3; received 8' first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 ud; fillings, L'> up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market St., corner Sixth.
FULL set of teeth. $4; fillings, 25c; 22k. gold
crowns. $3; gold bridge, $5; plates repaired;
painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
TISTS, MS Mission st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth
$4; filling, gold, EOo; *Uver, 25c; crowns, $3.
THE Esmond dental parlors, 43 6th— Crown and j
bridge work specialists; Towns $3, eat. IS yre. I
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk at.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
, SEWING MACHINES. '
$2 MONTHLY, -rented: repaired,' bought, sold;
I machine supplies. - 145 Sixth: phone Mint 48.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. • ■ ■
PHYSICIANS.
REMOVAL Notice— C..C. O'Donnell, office
nnd residence. 1021%, Market, bet. 6th and 7th
___ ____________ _
STORAGE.
PIERCE-RODOLPIi Storage and Moving Co.
Office m Post St., cor. Powell; teL Main 5711 j'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1898.
-CSINESS CHANCES.
$1250— CORNER grocery •"and~barr Western Ad-
dition; rent $30; good business; actual value
$1500; must be sold in 3 days; make offer;
bargain. WILKE & UNFLG, 906 Market.
$800— SALOON and restaurant close to S. P.
depot; a splendid paying business; rent $M.
Inquire WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market.
$250: LAUNDRY route clearing $125 month.
Call WILKE _ UNFUG, 906 Market st.
STORE, saloon and boarding house privilege
for two of the best mines in Slsklyou County,
working all the year; rent of buildings free.
WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market St.
FOR RENT— Store and basement on Eighth st, '
1 block from Market; rent $35; suitable for
butcher shop. WILKE _ UNFUG. 906 Mar-
ket st.
A— ssoo; SALOON; established 8 years, with 8;
rooms; rent $66; close to Call building; aver- |
age daily receipts $20; owner nought hotel in
Sacramento; bargain. WILKE & UNFUG,
906 Market st.
A-$250; SALOON on Third st., 1 block from j
Call building; club and private rooms; a bar-
galn. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
A— sl2oo; DRUG store; rent $25; across the bay;
no opposition; well paying; a splendid open-
ing for a first-class druggist. Particulars
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
$1000; CORNER grocery and bar; established
years; doing good-paying business; death of
owner cause of sale; 4 living rooms; rent $45. !
WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st. j
A— DELICACY and grocery store on El-
li* St.; 6 living rooms: rent $25; doing a good
paying business; owner to leave for New
York. WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.__
NOTICE— To buy or sell a business of any j
kind see MENZEL & CO., 7 Grant aye.
DELICATESSEN store; good location ; j
pays well; living rooms connected; good rea-
son for selling. MENZEL & CO.. 7 Grant aye. |
$90— SALOON, good stock of liquors and cigars;
offer wanted to-day. MENZEL, 7 Grant aye.
KREDO & CO., 22& Geary Bt.
$4500— Drug store; $40 dally; nothing better.
Florist ; big funeral trade.
$200— Branch bakery; $10 daily.
For particulars of above call on KREDO.
$250; CORNER saloon, 2 card rooms; $20 !
dally; a snap. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary st. \
— CIGAR and notions; laundry pays the j
rent; a bargain if sold to-day. McLAUGH-
LIX & CO., 777 Market St.
$350— SALOON, board and lodging house on
city front; bargain on account of sickness.
McLAUGHUN & CO.. 777 Market street.
CHANCE seldom offered for best-located lodg-
ing house in town; 35 rooms; cheap rent:
first class, steady and transient trade; a
great bargain to make Immediate sale on ac-
count of sickness in family; half cash If nec-
essary. Apply premises, 110 Ellis, nr. Powell. I
$1100— HOTEL; water front; splendid bargain. j
Branch bakery and delicatessen.
Fruit, fish, vegetables ana poultry.
JONES, ti6 Market st.
$350 WILL buy a candy and ice creim parlor
nclely fitted up and centrally located in the
best candy town in the State. Address B.
WILLSON, San Jose, Cal.
A— s4oo; PARTNER wanted: light business;
established S years; $18 to $30 a week each:
no experience required; trial given. West-
ern Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
A— $1000; STAPLE grocery stock; monthly sales
$800: horse, wagon, fixtures; well located.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO., 460 Eighth
Bt.. Oakland.
A— SISO— PARTNER wanted in established of-
fice business; will clear $75 a month to each.
MOON _ CO., 100S'/4 Market st.
FAMILY liquor store and bar; centrally lo-
cated; paying Investment for good business
man. WICHMAN. LUTGEN & CO.. 318 Clay. .
GREAT bargain; branch bakery: vege-
table, fruit business. BASILE. 873& Market. !
BARBER shop in country for sale; with baths; !
4 living rooms; good business. Inquire F. |
PERINO, 122 Third St., San Francisco.
GOOD paying saloon for sale; open all night.
Inquire liquor store, 791 and 795 Mission St.
BRANCH bakery for sale; terms reasonable. j
Address box 545. Call office.
$350— SALOON; 1 block from The Call; with S
rooms: sell cheap on account of slcknes3.
Call at 677% Mission st.
WELL located millinery store in thriving town
of 21)00: doing cash business; rare bargain.
Apply Call office.
BARBERS notice— First-class shop for sale.
Inquire 602 Clay St.
$300— BARGAIN: business earning from $4 to
$10 per day. Particulars box 542, Call.
$200— PARTNER wanted In successful growing
business. Call 211 Examiner bldg., bet. 31 _ 12.
FINE little saloon; must sell, account of leav-
ing city. 306 Minna st.
A FIP.-T clans barber shop for sale. Inquire,
at 12 Geary street.
PARTNER with some means by expert wine
man for opening neat, respectable wine
room with family trade. Box 618. Call office.
BUTCHER business for sale or exchange for
ranch property; good business; well
equipped. Address P. O. box 563, Modesto, Cal
FOR — Barber shop 1 chair; good business;
cheap. 911 Kearny st.
RESTAURANT for sale at once on account of
sickness. Inquire 1212H Polk st.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters:
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-109
Beale st.
WITH $500 you can easily get rich manu-
facturing. Address box 593, Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING HOISKS FOR SALE.
II < DECKER, 1080 Market St., opp. Fifth.
110-room corner house $6500
14-room house; only 600 i
26-room house; rent $50 750 I
6-room flat: rent $22 230 \
14 rooms; on Sutter st 450
82 rooms; reduced from $3000 to 2300
12 rooms; on Market St.; rent $40 450
10-room house; only 150
21 rooms: corner; clears $150 r.RO
. 46- room house; corner 1200
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
Abstracts furnished showing clear title.
No contract from buyer or seller required.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
A-KREDO & CO 22*4 Geary street
Money Advanced on All Houses.
10 rooms: elegant; clears $50 $325
12 rooms: Ellis st.: always full 600
And others. Call and get list. KREDO.
A— s32o; 10 rooms, nicely furnished: Taylor St.,
nr. Geary: rent only $35. KREDO & CO.
A— s4ooo; 240 rooms; guaranteed to clear $350
per month: trial given. KREDO & CO.
A—slso;A — $150; 5-room flat, south of Market; free rent
and light KREDO & CO.. 22V, Geary.
BARGAIN: lodging house: new futnlture:
clearing $250 a month. LOWENSTEIN. 34
Kearny st., rooms 10-11.
37 LIGHT, sunny rooms, rent, $40; price, $750.
739 Folsom st.
LADIES, If you need money call on UNCLE
HARRIS, 15 Grant aye., near Market st.
NEWLY furnished house of 7 rooms, all rented;
cheap for cash. 323 Taylor st. '■
FURNITURE FOR' SALE.
FURNITURE for sale of 7-room flat; perfect
condition; reasonable. Box 643, Call.
FURNITURE for 4 rooms complete for house-
keeping at 1136 Folsom St.; walnut set.
HORSES.
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Salesyards. 220 Valencia St., bet Thirteenth
and Fourteenth; also buggies wagons, ' har-
ness, etc.. at your own price.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth; auction pales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
$20— BARGAIN ; fine horse, cart and harness.
16th and Folaom sts.. grocrry store.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS. :
BOILERS engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN. I*6-197 Fremont st
FOR RALE— 2 houses to be removed corner
Polk and Willow aye.; 1 8 rooms and bath: 1
6 rooms and bath. O. D. BALDWIN & SON,
22 Montgomery st.
FINE thoroughbred Great Dane pups; 6 weeks
old; full pedigree given. 216% Sixth st.
FOR SALE— Fine walnut standing desk; very
cheap. 206 K"arny ft., room COS.
INCUBATOR cheap; a fine California; 600 eggs;
good as new: $25. 1308 Wood St., Oakland.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth. . •■•■.'
GROCERY and bar for sale cheap. 117 Second
street, corner Minna. .
FIRE proof safe for sale; cheap. 42 Main
street. . ■ ■-,
A 6 H. P. gasoline marine engine; almost new;
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
TOOLS & machinery, every description, bought, '
sold & exchanged: send postal. 613 Mission. •
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento st. •* ; • • ■
— Bargains in new and second-hand; all
- sites; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. T.
BIX horsepower Zenith gas engine: nearly new.
Cal. Belt Co., 519 Mission: tel. Br. 331. |
ONE ? and 2 bowl barber washstandi, cheap*
HUFSCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye. • .- ft
PERSONALS.
NOTICE TO INVESTORS!
Wave motor, the most scientific and practi-
cal one ever patented, can- be seen In full
working order for a few days at 523 Mission
. st. ; patent rights for the United States. Brit-
ish North America and Germany; this is a
rare chance for a few men with a little capi-
tal to invest in a company that will harness
the waves for work, the power of the future.
JOSEPH GREVEN, vocal instructor. has
proved that by his recent discoveries he can
cure the weakest, faultiest voices and develop
them to the greatest power and beauty; con-
sultation of 20 minutes, $2 60; terms per
month moderate. For further particulars call
rooms 121 and 122, Murphy building, corner
Market and Jones sts. ; reception hours,
Wednesdays and Saturdays, 2 to 3. |
PICTURE training with glass, now cheaper
than ever; 7x9 inches, 10c; 10x12, 16c; 12x16,
20c; 14x17, 25c; 16x20. 30c; 18x22. 3£c; 20x24, 45c:
22x28, 60c; curtain poles complete, with wood
or brass trimmings, 15c; room molding, all
colors, lc per foot; colored pictures, studies,
etc.. 3 for 10c. JONES, 647 Mission St., bet.
First and Second. Open evenings.
WIDOW with nice home would take woman
in confinement or invalid man or woman;
good home and good care. Address MRS. H.
GOODHEART, Frultvale, Cal.
LEDERER'S Qulnonla Is the only hair tonic
that thoroughly cleanses the scalp; 35c per
bottle; try it. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER, the leading hairdresser, charges
but 25c for dressing the hair, any style; up-
to-date; switches $1 up; open Sunday and
Monday. 9 to 12. Q. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
THE Gastronome Restaurant, formerly the
Poodle Dog, will remain open at the same
place as before, the kitchen being under the
direction of one of the best chefs In the city.
A. GAUDARD, Prop., cor. Bush and Grant.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 41 Third st, near Market: 200 rooms;
35c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHRISTMAS Japanese bamboo furniture;
all kinds to order: wholesale and retail; coun-
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO., 313 Sutter.
CLOTHING, especially ladles' and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian, 1020 Folsom.
STAMP Albums, best Christmas present: stamps
bought. W. Sellschopp & Co., 113 Stockton st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth st , Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
LEARN dressmaking, ladles' tailoring, mil-
linery; special offer this week; perfect fitting
patterns. McDowell School, 103 Post' st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market: men and women teachers.
HOUSES TO LET.
$3 OR $30,000 to loan you on pianos, without re-
moval, at UNCLE HARRIS', 16 Grant aye.. |
near Market St.
A— Send for circular; houses to let all parts of
city. G. H. UMHSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
PERRY. 212^i— Bay-window house, 4 room*;
rent $12 50; water free. Apply to G. H.
UMBSEN & CO., Incorporated.
WE caji rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
12 ROOM house; fine for renting rooms. 29 Oak j
st., near Market. Apply at 15 Grant aye.
$10— HOUSE of 4 rooms; large barn; big yard.
Cor. Seventh aye. and Lake st.
$32 60—14 ROOMS, new house; laid out for rent-
ing rooms. 3505 Twentieth St.. nr. Mission.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ELLIS, 1519—4 rooms, yard and cellar, $14;
2253 Geary, 5 rooms, bath, $12.
403 LAUREL St., modern cottage six rooms
and bath; rent reasonable. Apply MADISON
_ BURKE, 626 Market st.
COTTAGE, 5 sunny rooms; chicken house, j
barn; cheap. 621 Thirtieth St., above Noe.
FLATS TO LET.
OTEA^F^T^flBTTrrthe~cltyri22oA" LeavenworTh
CHEAPEST rat in the city, 1220 A Leavenworth
st. ; 6 rooms and bath. MADISON A BURKE.
EDDY. 1375— 0n1y $10; look at It; convenient to
all car lines.
HARRIET. 337, near Sixth and Brannan— 2
flats, rooms; newly papered, painted; $9, $10.
MODERN lower flat. 6 rooms and bath; large
; basement: rent reasonable; 3316 Sacramento
! ft. MADISON & BURKE.
RENT reduced $12; 536 A Sixth st. ; lovely flat;
4 rooms; hall; folding doors; mantel; large
yard; rear ranee.
$1,000,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches and
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS". 15 Graiit aye.,
'■ near Market st.
$16 AND $18; modern double bay-window flats,
6 and 7 rooms; 15 Henry st., between Sanchez
and Noe. $12; bay-window flat, 4 rooms, 3795
Seventeenth st.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
, gomery st. ■
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A SUITE of 2 large nice sunny front rooms,
complete for housekeeping; kitchen and bed
room; furniture all new; $2 per week, $8 per
month; no children. Apply at shoe store, 662
Mission Ft., bet. First and Second sts. '
A LARGE room, complete for housekeeping:
$1 25 per wk. ; no children. Apply at shoe
store, s62 Mission St., bet. First and Second sts.
BRYANT, 611—2 large sunny housekeeping
rooms; running water; rent reasonable.
CLEMENTINA, 707—2 nice rooms for house-
keeping; laundry and bath; reasonable.
EDDY, Very desirable connecting house-
keeping rooms; no children; private residence.
ELLIS, 695—2 or 4 nicely furnished sunny rooms
for housekeeping.
ERIE. 47—2 neat, cozy housekeeping rooms, $9.
FIFTH, 322— Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen; grate, sink, water, bath; private; $11.
FIFTH, 333— Clean furnished housekeeping; 3
rooms, $12; also single, $5, $3 and $2.
FIFTH, Complete housekeeping rooms in
private family; rent from $1 up. '
ALVA. May, Laura and all young and beauti-
ful ladles are notified that the. highest-amount
is loaned on watches, diamonds and jewelry
at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye., near
Market st.
FIFTH, 309— New house; nicely furnished con-
necting suite; hskpg; grate; running water.
FOLSOM, 1136—3 funny rooms complete for
housekeeping; rent $12 SO.
GROVE, 131— Furnished room suitable for light
housekeeping.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness aye.— Suite of 3
sunny unfurnished rooms, with gas range.
HARRIET. 16— Two furnished housekeeping
rooms; cheap.
HOWARD, 833— Suites, housekeeping, $10; sin-
gle, $7; also other rooms.
HOWARD, Newly furnished sunny front
room, $6 per month; private family.
JESSIE. 812, off Ninth— sunny rooms; light
housekeeping; rent $5. Apply 29 Ninth st.
JONES, 2056 — sunny front unfurnished
rooms, bath, laundry; $8.
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny front furnished, $8;
large back room, furnished, $6 60; % house-
keeping rooms, $11.
LEWIS, 18, off Taylor, near Post— rooms and
kitchen, unfurnished, lit.
MARKET, 1028— Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed; closet; $12.
MINNA, 322 — Housekeeping rooms, complete;
suites of rooms with grates in.
MINNA, 670, near Seventh— nice sunny
connecting rooms for housekeeping.
MISSION, 86S, near sth— Suit of 2 nice sunny
housekeeping rooms; pleasant and cheap.
OAK, 119—1 sunny front room complete for
light housekeeping; $5.
HISS, 116, off Howard, near Sixth— Double
parlor and kitchen unfurnished. . : ' " v ■
SCOTT, 1614— First floor of 3 unfurnished
rooms: bath; garden; $16; adults only.
SIXTH. 216H— Sunny front rooms for light
housekeeping; also back rooms; reasonable.
SIXTH. 420— Bay-window housekeeping suite
complete; $11 and $10; water; closets: bath.
ttOUTH PARK, 184—2 sunny rooms, nicely
furnished for housekeeping; r -♦, $10. '
TWENTY-SIXTH, 8367, near Mission— 2 large
front sunny housekeeping rooms; furnished
complete; $10. . ' .. .■-...-
VAN NESS, 48— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
also corner rooms suitable for dentist.
ROOMS TO LET. , ~
ARLINGTON House, 127 1 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable. .
BURNETT, 1361 Market st— Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single also, unfurnished.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month. : ,
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Elegant corner sunny
suites and single rooms to families and gen-
tlemen; all conveniences; elevator, - etc. rea-
.; sonable. ■ : ■ .. . •
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth st.; corner Howard-
.■rooms en suite or single, 25c to $1 a night;
$1 25 to $6 week; open all night; Howard-st.
cars - pass house direct from all trains. "
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
1 PRIVATE room for gents and two for ladles,
where those who wish to borrow money on
watches and Jewelry are waited on, at UN-
CLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye., nr. Market st.
BELL your furniture to UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant aye., near Market st.
BUSH. 629— Neatly furnished front room; very
reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market-Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $S, $10 mo.
EDDY, 20 — 7 nicely furnished sunny double
rooms; 7 upward; bath; gas.
EDDY, 118 — Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central; very desirable; $0 per month upward.
EDDY, 46S— Nicely furnished single rooms; $6
up; private.
EDDY, 926 — Furnished rooms; sunny, nicely
furnished; rent reasonable; also for house-
keeping.
EDDY, 765 — Nicely furnished sunny room for
| gentleman.
ELLIS. 418 (Grand f. arnot)— Nice sunny suites
& sing., $1 £0, $6 wk. ; 50c. $1 day; tel. BL 1364.
ELLIS, 540— Sunny cor. house: nicely furnished
rooms; light hskpg If desired; gas: bath.
FIFTH, 43S (Mechanics' House)— Rooms, single
or suite, $1 wk. up; transient. F. W. Gardener.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— Furnished rooms;
$1 per week.
GEARY, 574— Large sunny furnished room;
bath and gas; private family.
GOLDEN GATE. 402— Sunny front bay-window
suite; bath, grate, etc.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
JESSIE, 33S— Large furnished bay-window room
suitable for 2, $:<; single room, $5.
LEAVKNWORTH, 418— Sunny alcove suite;
also small room; terms reasonable.
MASON, 225— Nicely furnished sunny front bay-
window room; $2 per week up.
MISSION, 933 (Mint House)— Nice sunny fur-
nished rooms; transient; new house; central.
MISSION, 1220 — Sunny front alcove room, grate;
1 for light housekeeping; running water.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
PIEDMONT House, 119 A Cth— Nicely furnished
sunny front rooms; double, single; first-class.
PINE, 514 A, near Kearny —'Nicely furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite; moderate.
PINE, 1006; the Victor — Beautiful, sonny
suites; single rooms, excellent board; ref.
POWELL, 317— Fomerly "Cosmos Club"— Ele-
gantly furnished rooms; reasonable.
SEVENTH. 17S— Nicely furnished front rooms,
$1 per week.
SEVENTH. 179— New house, newly furnished;
modern, sunny; single or suite; $6 to $20 mo.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth Bt.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STKVENSON, i"»J, bet. 7th an W fur-
nished sunny front room; grate: light house-
keeping if desired; bath; central.
SUTTER. 1111— Clean and comfortably fur-
nished rooms: single and en suite; reasonable.
TI'KK, f.29— Large unfurnished alcove room; 2
closets; running water; also front parlor.
TURK, 126— Furnished rooms for man and
wife; also single room for gentleman.
ROOMS AND ROARD.
FELL, 26 — 2 nicely furnished sunny rooms, with
board; reasonable; gas; gents preferred.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Fatrmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class in every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2, $50 a month up.
PIANOS and trunks stored and money loaned
on them at UNCLE HARRIS 1 . 15 Grant aye..
near Market st.
ll' 'WARD, 26ti6— Large sunny rm., grate, large
closet, with board for 2, $35: one, $23.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board; special rates for 2 or more.
SUTTER, 1128- -Elegant room and board; loca-
tion unsurpassed; reasonable.
VAN NESS Rye.. 619 — Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms: first-class table hoard.
OFFICES TO I7K 1~.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Light, heat, janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
A SUNNY corner, suitable for offices; single
or suite. 1206 Market, corner GoHen Gate.
MEDICAL^
ALL ladies will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk st.. has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere; they will find
her a true friend: home for patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy St., between
Hyde and Larkin.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what oaust) ; safe and
pure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fail;
travelers helped without delay; home in con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liuble sp«--iall?t ■ free and confidential. MRS.
I 'lt. WTBSTH, M 8 Turk St., near Jones.
ALL of Dr. FOUlet's capsule? nre guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posl-
ti 1 ely safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects: taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 HO per box. sent free by mall
■>n receipt of price; consultation on all special
diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23 Grant
aye., S. F. A caution— Before purchasing
elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female troubles; no mat-
ter from what cause and how lonij standing;
every woman her own physician; safe and
sure; no medicine or Instruments used; con-
nultatlon free; pills and capsules. $1: cure $5.
By the well-known ladles' physician for 27
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER, 31S Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; no Instruments used: guaranteed cure
at office, $5; travelers helped instantly; hours
9 a. m. to 5 p. m. IIRH. DR. KOHL. 1123
Market St., bet. Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS— Ladies In trouble see Drs. Good-
win free; reliable, safe and sure; oure in 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints; no instru-
ments: maternity home; best medical at-
tendance; cure. $5. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness tn 1362 A Mkt., bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned spe-
cialist: all monthly Irregularities restored;
whatever cause: all cases relieved Immediate-
ly: call or write; confidi ntlal. I^3'i. Market.
A LLi. ■..-'•:• ■ -1 ladies know "Peguro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & C 0. ,406 Clay st. ;
$150. Send 2o stamp for circular? to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO., 531 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and~MRB. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home in confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attenclnrne; terms
moderate: infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expresped C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife: pleasant sunny home
In confinement. 156 Second Bt. : tel. Green 62.
Bellevue Sanitarium— Ladles cared for during
confinement. 727 Bellevue aye.. Los Angeles.
EDUCATIONAIT!
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practices, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branches:
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892: catalogue.
A SINGING and operatic training school. 'Paris
graduate; course opens Jitn. 5: term. 6 mo.,
$75; languages, French and Spanish, begin
Jan. i; course, $30; special training during
secoi'l term for Paris Exposition. 1900. Rooms
6 and 20, Mercantile bldg., 630 Golden Gate sv.
AYRES' Business Collage, 723 Market Bt. ; indi-
vidual instruction in shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.; life scholarship, $50; low ratea
per week and month.
A LADY teaches piano & mandolin thoroughly:
EOc hour; excellent pianist & accompanist for
entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavla st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, oornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MT3SES LANE. 3941 24th Bt.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
ket st. ; 400 positions secured In last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr. E72 Parrott bldg.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no foe without success; collections. O, W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
NO fee unless successful. W. P. ADAMS, rm.
607, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market at.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice ; open evgs. Atty McCabe. 103 Larkln.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees In advance. j
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
The celebrated medium and clairvoyant of all
clairvoyants, who sees it all, tells you all and
Instantly gives you peace and happiness. She
never asks a question, but before you utter a
word she tells you in full of all that you are
interested In; business, speculation." love,
marriage, divorce, tells of friends and ene-
mies, locates mines and buried treasures.
. TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines.", registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption; paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
All correspondence sacredly confidential.
Treatment and consultation by mail always
satisfactory and most successful. Address or
call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1104 Market St.. S. F.. The Vendome.
DP.. M. ."■: ;:;;t. !:XBRUCH. the prophetic seer
and psychomctrist, box 118, Oakland, Cal.;
diagnoses disease by mail without symptoms
from lock of hair; 5 2-cent stampe; rock from
mines read. $2 50; life readings by mail, %1 50;
send for testimonials.
$100,000 TO loan on safes and articles of every
description at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant
aye., near Market st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies; consult
when others fail; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st;
WATCH test circle from 8 to 12:30 to-night, 100.
MME. YOUNG. CO5 McAllister st.
MRS. MEXA FRANCES, independent slate
writing medium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. KATE HOSKIXS. trance medium; read-
ings dally, $1. 322 S. Spring st., Los Angeles.
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m ;
Mon. 8: 25c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia «t.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
Permanently Located in San Franclsoa,
At 1023H Market Street.
Between Sixth and Seventh.
While entranced gives aid and advice which
will overcome your enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lost affections, make marriage
with the one you love no failure, remove Influ-
ence, bad habits, cures witchery, fits and long-
standing and mysterious diseases; will give cor-
rect information on law suits, sickness, death,
divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by mall.
Bend stamp for circular, with special terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 1023V4 Market it.
RETURNED— Mrs. Mandena, medium and
palmist; readings this week, 25 cents; satis-
faction guaranteed. 234H Sixth st.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th, rm. 10.
BLANCHE DE CHAPE l LET~card reading.
417 Bush St., rooms 9 and 10.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; 10c; ladies only.
543 Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MADAME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader,
palmist; truth or no pay; 25c. 1150 Mission.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clalr-
voyant and card reader. 1169 Mission, nr. Sth.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 23c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pro-
fesslon, has removed to 218 Stockton st.
MME. RAVEXA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In' 8. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin . Jewelry
Store, 844-846 Market st. ; tel. Main 1644.
LOANS to salaried people; no security except
name. New Era Loan Co., 1003H Broadway,
Oakland. Hours, 10 to 3.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount of 6H per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. ■ R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
$5000 IN sums. to suit: reliable parties. 120 Ellis
st., room 4, until January 1.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE, 22 Mason st., opp. Olympla Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission: private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery at.
FINANCIAL.
NOTES discounted; loans negotiated. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 32S Montgomery.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
ALL that, are troubled, whether ally, weekly
or monthly should remember that they can
borrow on their diamonds from UNCLE HAR-
RIS, 15 Grant aye.. near Market st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— Country home of F. S. Wensln-
ger; 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises. Freestone. Sonoma Co.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
EQUITY of $5000 In city residence exchanged
for unlncumbered country home; give full
particulars. Box 532. Call office.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BOARDING house of 24 rooms, all nicely fur-
nished, for rent reasonable to responsible
party. B. H. WELCH & CO.. 1383 Fifth aye.,
East Oakland. • '
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR BALB.
FURNITURE^Good and cheapT^H?'sCHiELL^
HAAS' old store, 408 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
HOUSES built to order at your own prices and
on your own terms; call and see plans. J. H.
YOUNG. Builder. 1243 Park st.
BERKbt,i:Y REAL ESTATE.
RANCH of 6 acres; all improved; almost In
center Of Berkeley; splendid land for wheat
and alfalfa, cows and chickens: will sell very
reasonable. O. G. MAY & CO.. 2123 Center
St., Berkeley. . .
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Theodore W. Bergman and Callle O'Neil 26-13
William J. Burnes and Jennie Ennis 54-44
M. Miramon and Rosalie Champlaln 24-18
Michele Emplrano and Josephine Man0y... 35-30
Thomas NleUen and Olivia Kolmgren 34-34
Harry Kinspel and Llllle Ollnsky 26-20
Daniel O'Toole and Katherine Whelan... 60-33
Theodore Dascal and Lena Corman ...33-19
'A'Vi'Jbi WRITERS. ;
All typewriters sold and rented, few partly
used for sale cheap: send for samples and
priceß. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND, $25; Cellgraph,; $15; Yost, $25;
get sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery st.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
COX— In this city, December 29, 1898, to the
■ wife of Levitt H. Cox, a daughter.
| O'BRIEN— In this city. December 24, 1898, to
the wife of John O'Brien, a son.
SINNOTT— In this city, December 29, 1898, to
the wife of William Slnnott, a son.
MARRIED. ~~"~
GALLOP— GRUBER— In this city, December 25,
1898, by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke, John T.
Gallop and Johanna Gruber, both of San
Francisco.
~~" DIED. ~~~~
Belth, Annie • , Malatesta, George M.
Buck. Sophie Moran. Michael
Isursett, Phil S. Nathan, Babette
Cos (infant) Nealon, John
Dow, Capt. Freeman Quane, William
Gibbons, Catharine Reilly.
GlodowsKl, August Selna, Edward
Goldstone, Bertha Smith. Dr. Edward
Gordon. Patrick H. Smith. John
Green, .Tchanan Stuart, Benjamin F.
Jacobsen. Freda A. Pweeny. John T.
Klenz. Fred P. Witthack. Fred
JlacVean. D. M.
BEITH— In this city. December 30, IS9S. Annie,
wife of John Belth, a native of Canada, aged
65 years.
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, U Fell street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, Tenth street, for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
BUCK— In this city. December 30. IS9B, Sophie
Buck, beloved aunt of Mrs. Jacob Young,
Mrs. Peter Miller of Sacramento and Mrs.
William Kartelß of Golden Cat", a native of
Bayern. Germany, aged 69 years R months and
8 days.
BURGETT-In this city, December 27, 1898,
Phil S. liuixett nf Crescent City, a native of
Tennpos c aged <:.• years l month and .'3 days.
i 'Remains at the funeral parlors of H. V.
Maaj ...[, until 1 o'clock this
day. Interment Crescent City.
COX— In thla city, December 29 isn I*.1 *. infant
daughter . t Levitt li. and Willie L. Cox.
DOW— At sea. November 2. IS'JS. Captain Free-
man A., beloved husband of Nellie B. Dow.
and father . f Harold a::>i Myrtle Dow, a na-
tive of Quincy, Mass., aged 45 years v months
and 2 days.
lU?' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi- •
dence, 13(56 Tenth avenue, East Oakland. In-
terment private. Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland.
GIBBONS —In Oakland, December 28. 1898,
Catharine, beloved wife of Patrick Gibbons,
and sister of John Cloonan and Mary Shee-
han, a native of County Galway, Ireland,
aged 58 years.
E7"Fi;ends and acquaintances are respect-
full;,- invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1473 Seventh street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. -■
GLODOWSKI— In this city. December 29, 1898.
August Glodowski, brother of Martin Glo-
dowski, a native of Poland, aged 45 years.
Es"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 4! Van Ness avenue, thence
to St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue,
for services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OOLDSTONE— this city. December 29, 1898,
Bertha, beloved wife of Jacob Goldstone,
dearly beloved mother of Moses A., Henry,
Joseph, Leo W. and Esther Goldstone and
Mrs. Joseph S. Stelner, and sister of Mrs. J.
A. Scharlln, Mrs. H. Elrlch and Sol Conn,
a native of Kempen, Germany, aged 54 years
and 4 months. (New York and Sydney, Aus-
tralia, papers please copy.)
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect*
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, at her late
residence, 1608 Geary street. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets. ■
GORDON— In this city, December 30, 1898, Pat-
rick li.. beloved husband of Maggie Gordon,
and son of Patrick and Ellen Gordon, a na-
tive of El Dorado County, Cal., aged 86. years
and 7 months.
[C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3799 Seventeenth street, tnence to- Miss-
ion Dolores Church, where a f solemn • re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
A. O. H. in A.— Officers and members of Divis-
ion No. 14, A. O. H. In A.: You are; hereby
notified to attend the funeral of our late
brother, P. H. "Gordon, from his late resi-
dence, corner Seventeenth and Sanchez
streets, to-morrow (Sunday), at 9 o'clock
'sharp. By order
JOHN P. HERN. Pres.
GREEN-In this city, December SO, 1898, Jo-
hanan, beloved' wife of Harris Green, an.l
dearly beloved mother of Mrs. B. J. Triest
and Mrs. I. Landeker, a native of Germany,
aged 72 years 7 months and 22 days. ■ .
JACOBSEN— this city.' December 28. 189S, .
Freda A. .j'., beloved daughter of Petr-r and
Alberta Jacobsen, and Bister of Christian,
William and Peter Jacobsen Jr., Mrs. John
Petersen, Mrs. Captain Charles yon Tagen,
Mrs. James Terkelson and Mrs. Hugo yon
Wildenradt, a native of San Francisco, aged
21 years 1 month and 19 days.
IT7"The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 2122 Mason street, between
Lombard and Chestnut. Interment private,
in I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KT.EN-Z-^n thi-» city Dumber 30 ISM, Fred
Pftiil. dearly beloved husband of Anr.ie Kl--nz,
and father of Sophie Klrnz, a native of Preus-
sen. Germany, aged 31 years 11 months and 12
days. (Oakland papers please copy.)
MacVEAN— this city, December 30, 1898,
D. M.. husband of Celia L. MacVean, and
father of Mrs. William M. Abbott and D.
Malcolm MacVean, a native of Canada, aged
E0 years and 5 months.
MALATESTA— In this city, December 29, 1898.
George M., dearly beloved eon of Gus and
Charlotte . Malatesta, and brother of Milton
and Gertrude Malatesta, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 years and 2 days. .
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, fr-mcrrc-fr
• (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 720 Union street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
MORAN— this city, December SO. IS9B. Mich-
ael Moran, a native of Ireland, aged 74 years.
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday.
January 2. at 8 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co,, 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. .Francis
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
NATHAN— In this city, December 29, 1898,'
Babette Nathan, beloved mother of Mrs. L. -
Loupe and Mrs. L. Hess of New York, a na-
tive of Newweld. Germany, aged 84 years
and 15 days, j (New York papers please copy.) •
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
Mr. L. Loupe, 2200 Post street. Interment
Home of Peace Cem tery, by 11:30 o'clock,
train from Third and Townsend streets. ,
NEALON— In this city, December 29, 1898, John,
dearly beloved husband of Nellie Nealon.
father of Alice Nealon, and beloved brother of.
Thomas, Alice, Mary and Katie Nealon, a,
native of the parish of Klllglass, County
Sllgo. Ireland, aged 30 years and 14 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
tally Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late- resi-
dence, 1357 Minna street, thence to St. 'John's
Church (formerly Old St. Mary's College),
where a requiem high macs will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10:30
o'clock.
QUANE— this city, December 29, 1898, Wll-'
Hum. beloved husband of the ' late ■ Mary.
Quane, and father of John F.. James and;
Thomas Quane. Mrs. J. J. Neelay and Mrs. M.
Hook, a native of County Limerick, Ireland,
aged 60 years.
(C3*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow;
(Sunday), fit 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 91 Scuth Park, thence to St. ' Rose's
Church, where a solemn requlsm mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-.
vary Cemetery. !
REILLY— In this city. December 29. 1898,- John
Reilly, dearly beloved brother of Ltllie and
Mary Reilly. Mrs. Robert Wilson and Mrs.
Edward Monaghan, a native of -the pariah of
Templefort, County Cavan. Ireland, aged 20
years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday) at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
his brother-in-law, Robert Wilson, 1106 Ala-
bama street, thence to St. Peter's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery-
SELNA— In this city. December 80. IS9S, Ed-
ward, dearly beloved husband of Matilda
Selna, father of Henry, Edward. William and
Morris Selna and Josephine McDonald, khd
father-in-law of Mrs. Rosle Selna, a ative of
Switzerland, aged 52 years and 3 months.
SMITH— In this city, December 26, IS9B, Dr.
Edward D. Smith, a native of England,
93 years.
lETFrienrtf and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany 242r> Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SMITH— By the wreck of the steamer Na-
varch. at Point Barrow, in August, 1897. John,
beloved son of Mary Smith, and brother of
James and Teresa Smith and the late Mary.
Annie, Charles, Edward and Albert Smith, a
native of Copperopolis, Calaveras County,
aged 33 years and 6 months.
He sleeps far away from
His own mountain home.
Let him rest, calmly rest,
With his brave companions
On Point Barrow's bleak shore.
STUART— In this city, December 30, 1X9 1 ?. Ben-
jamin Franklin, beloved husband of Melissa
Stuart, and father of Addlleid Florence St;i-
art, a native of New York, aged 42 years 11
months and 13 days.
SWEENY— In this city, December 29, 1898.
John T., beloved son of John M. and the late
Catharine Sweeny, and brother of Alfred.
George and Walter Sweeny, a native of Saa
Francisco, aged 29 years and 10 flaj .
tr_^*Thc funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, 520 Jessie street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
•will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private.
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WITTHACK— In this city. December 30, 1898.
Fred, dearly beloved husband of Meta Witt-
hack, father of Fred, Henry, Hermann, Dora
and Margarethe Witthack, and brother of
Mrs. Dora Leichtenstern, a native of Ham-
burg. Germany, ased 38 years 8 months and
29 days. A memb-rs of the Norddeutschep
Verein. Rchleswig-Holsteiner Vereln and
Court Hubertu? No. 15, F. of A.
(CJ-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 414 Francisco street, between Powell
and Ma.-on. Interment Masonic Cemetery-
HENRY: d. GALLAGHER CO., ,
• (Successors , to Flanagan & Gallagher). ,> i
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMB 'KB* . 1
10 Fifth at., ccaoslt* Lincoln ScixaoL M
Telephone South 80. . - MM
M
1112
DISSENSION
AMONG THE
DIRECTORS
Five Members of the New
School Board Threaten
to Resign.
Stow, Holbrook, Stafford, Eells and Brand
enstein Will Not Countenance the Job- •
bery Which They Fear Is
on Foot.
WHILE the outgoing Board of Ed
ucation is devoting the closing:
days of its official career to such
barefaced jobbery as to cause a
member of the Superior bench to publicly
express the wish that the reign of the
Vigilance Committee might be re-estab
lished, a majority of the incoming board
has outlined a plan of procedure which,
If carried out, promises to result In a
oontlnuance of the present scandal.
, This plan, if it is persisted In, will have
the effect of driving five members out. of
the board who are opposed to debauch-
Ing the Public School Department, for
they have declared, so it is stated by
their friends, their intention of resign
ing at once unless the majority manifests
an Inclination to be honest.
This is the situation as it stands at
present. Shortly afu-r it was definitely
known who the twelve men comprising
the new board were a caucus was held,
at which it was decided that Vanderlynn
Stow should be the president. Mr. Stow
'Is a man of experience in the commercial
•world, but he is a novice in the art of
politics, and to his Inexperience in that
line is due the miscarriage of his plans
for the honest administration of the de
partment for the coming term. Mr. Stow
Is of unblemished reputation, and he
knew of four i.ther numbers in whom he
could place at ~ iiut<- confidence. They
•were H. M. Holbro<ic, Charles P. Eels, W.
G. Stafford and H. L T . Brandensteln, Ke'.ls
a^id Brandens:ein being the only two
democrats elected.
Stow, with the innocence due to his in
experience in the political arena, accepted
this informal action of the caucus as tan
tamount to hi:- election to the presidency,
and proceeded forthwith to make up his
committees. hat would have been all
•well enough :ad he been possessed of
sufficient political sagacity to keep the
(natter to hi self until after the board
hail formally organized; but he lacked
that qualification, and it was not long be
fore the other members knew just what
he was doing Mr. Stuw did not hesitate
to t-i. 9 actions, if he did not say
it in bo many words, that he did not
place the majority on the same plane as
r'a wife — above suspicion— and so in
making up :is list he took pains to have
all the in;; <rtant committees in control
of the :" iv member! besides himself, in
he placed full fauh, with just
ii of the others distributed among
to fll them out. The chairmanships
of the mi.-.or committees were given to
the seven, and Stow rested secure in the
belief tha: he had so arra iged matters
• here could be no possible chance of
J arising.
Mr. Stow soon learned his mistake.
The majority were not slow in letting him
into a few tricks of the profession,
among others being that an informal cau
■••' ision was the easiest thing in the
world to reverse. Stow an"d his four con
freres were dubbed the "'club flush,"
and it was to beat that hand that the
majority bent its energies. They were so
successful that a pair of deuces would
have been top hand, for the flush was
made a bobtail by tho desertion of Hol
brook to the majority, giving them tne
requisite two-thirds majority and abso
lute control of the board.
Stow and the others were shocked be
yond measure at the duplicity of Hol
brook. at any rate they professed to be.
but later developments would indicate
that they had proven apt pupils in the
political school and had progressed even
further than the majority cared to have
thorn.
At all events Holbrook openly joined
forces with the majority and was made
an honored member of its secret councils.
But Holfcrook had not surrendered to the
allurements of the practical politicians,
even though he would have it appear bo
for the time being. It was essential that
the schemes of the majority should be
come known, so he undertook that means
of ascertaining them.
Another caucus was held on the even-
Ing of December 21, at which only tne
solid eight were present, including Mr
Holbrook, and during that one session
ithat gentleman gained a clearer insight
Into the "practical" workings of machine
politics than he -would had he delved
along with a hopeless minority for his full
term. Orders form the bosses were
taken up, discussed and agreed to with a
freedom that was startling to the
novice, while Stow and his followers were
burled under an avalanche of abuse. It
was evident before the meeting was an
hour old that the majority was pre
pared to "do business" of almost any de
scription; this became conviction by the
time of adjournment. But Mr. Hol
brook manfully filled his part, and as a
Reward for his supposed desertion he was
riven the chairmanship of the Finance
Committee because of his known ability.
Bergerot was decided upon as president
of the board in place of Stow, and all th>
committees were made up according to
the majority's ideas of the fitness of
things. Needless to say that Stow and
the other three were relegated to the
places Stow had given to the seven in his
[let.
Ed Head, who has be.en with the mi
nority in the present board— his enemies
Pay because he did not get into office un
til after the majority had pot things all
fixed up and didn't need him— made a
hard fight for tho chairmanship of the
to one of Sousa's
pieces as played by his famous band
for the
Gram-o-phone,
You can hear the distinctive instru-
ments and so natural is the repro-
duction of the music that it requires
but little effort to imagine the entire
band before you playing for you alone.
Price of the Gram-o-phone $27.50
Two records free
Additional records Ooc each; $7 a dozen.
Constantly on exhibition at
SHERMAN, CLAY & COS
Piano and Music House
Kearny and Sutter StA San Francisco
Smd for printed matter about the
Gram-o-phone
| supplies committee— the same position
that has won for Bantel so much no
te riety— and got tt. Th<- committees agreed
upon by tWe caucus were aa follows:
Presi'lent— Berserot.
Finance committee — Holbrook (chairman).
Head and Stow.
Momentary education — Gedge (chairman),
H«ad, Armstrong, Urandensteln and Holbrook.
• Secondary education Stow (chairman), Eells,
Cole, Stafford and Armstrong.
Evening schools— Head (chairman), Gedse,
Stow, Armstrong and Brandensteln.
; Rules— Stafford ichairman), Uedge and Hol-
I brook.
Qualification?— Erandenstein (chairman). Cole
and .Stow.
Bulldinps and irmunds — Armstrong (chair
man), Conlon and Kemp.
Salaries — Kemp (chairman). Stafford and
Eells.
FurpHes--Heßd (chairman). Oedße nnd Kemp, j
Judiciary — Eells (chairman). Brandenstein and ;
Stafforu.
' I'rthting — Conlon (chairman). Armstrong and
; Eells.
' Janitors-M^ole (chairman),. Gedge.
Visiting— Stow (chairman), Eells and Staf
: ford.
It is not surprising that Stow. Hol
brook. Stafford. Eells and Brandenstein
regard this deal with suspicion, for al
though Holbrook has fllleu up the "club
flush" again, the hajids have been played
and the flush lost.
The new board will be inducted into of
fice on Monday, and these declare that if
the present programme is carried out
they will resign, as not one of them will
allow himself to be identified wHh a board
that is pliying solely to loot the School
Dev>artment as it has been looted in the
past. If the majority shows an inclina
tion to act justly and make up its com
mittees anew on a fair basis, the minority
Stand ready to put their shoulders to the :
wheel and lift the School Department out
of the quagmire Into which it h::s been
dumped, but if the slate goes through as
programmed
Maybe Judge Belcher may have his wish ;
for the return of the days of swift and
terrible Justice fulfilled, for the people are
becoming exceeulngly restless under this
long-continued debauchery of the schools.
ELECTED TO THE
UNEXPIRED TERMS
COMMISSIONERS FINISH THE I
RECOUNT.
Treasurer Truman Will Take His Of
fice To-Day — Eddie Sweeney to
Shine for an Afternoon
as Police Judge.
The Election Commissioners yesterday
completed the count of ballots for the
unexpired terms, with the following- re-
suits: For Treasurer— l. J. Truman, 27,023;
M. Greenblatt, 6T>B; C. Reis, 31.
For Attorney and Counselor — L. J.
Welch, 623; F. K. Lane, 526; H. G. Davis.
504.
For Judge of the Police Court— E. M.
Sweeney. 20,685; E. P. Megan, 2811.
For School Director — C. P. Buckley,
15.699: C. P. Eels, 12.0T2.
Treasurer-elect Truman will take his
office to-day, and Eddie Sweeney, who is
elected a temporary Police Judge, will
do likewise. The Commissioners will of
ficially announce the result of the count
this morning, and will issue election cer
tificates to those elected to the unexpired
terms.
COUNTY CLERK'S ASSISTANTS.
William E. Deane Has Prepared and
Announced His List.
County Clerk William E. Deane yester
day anounced that the following would
serve under him as attaches of the of
fice of the County Clerk during his term
in office:
Court room clerks— Joseph Goddard, O. A.
Tolle. R. H. Fitzgerald. R. J. Welch. J. A.
Imnker. William Ralßch. B. .T. Solomon,
Charles Morris. James Mcßlroy, Joseph Cun
ningham, W H. Jm.pt anil B. Martin.
Deputies— Joseph Riordan, John Grieff, W. R.
A. .Tohniion. Grep Valero, F. U. Danforth. V.
F. Northrop, George W. I,«>e. N. E. Mai*on,
\V. B. Lre«. Nelson Doolittle. E. M. Thompson
William Cleary. Jules Volsenet, H. J. Angelo
T. A. Jiavies, Bert Mahonoy, William H. Pen
dergrast, John O'Brien. John A. MrKenna, T.
C. Maher, Frank Grimes, Pat W. Lannnn,
J. B. Martin, F. Dußan, Osrar I/»wls, George
Covey, P. J. McDonald, f'arl Mueller, P. A
McGuahln, Russ Martin, Anthony Holder, Abe
Levy and P. Walsh.
Copyists— T. A. Henderson, J. B. Harrison
t». Van Noetrand, E. J. Taylor, I) X Farr'
F. Gundelflnger, A. Itsell, James White'
George Elkins. Thotna* Flnnegan, William
Knox, Thomas Dillon, K. Hill. George L,
White, W. Nerlch. I. Irb and G. A. Mon
nler.
Naturally many people were disappoint
ed, but Mr. Deane expended all his efforts
to please everybody, and his appointments
will meet with general approval.
Town Talk.
The New Tear's issue of Town Talk has
Rosenthal on the title paffe, and a special
feature Is made of New Year's verse,
poems by Ella Sexton. Geraldlne Mey
riok and John V. Powers of Sacramento.
A strong editorial on the science of toxi
cology, with local application in the Bot
kln case, will Interest physicians The
Saunterer has good stories about men and
women we know, and gives several clever
Jokelets of New Year flavor. Musical and
dramatic critiques and pathological de
lineations are intf-r^sting reading •
THREATENED THEIB LIVES.
Arrest of George W. Smith on
a Charge of Insanity.
George W. Smith, an upholsterer, was
arrested last night and charged with in
sanity. For several days past he has been
searching for C. H. Beals. hfs brother-in
law, threatening to kill him. Yesterday
he visited the home of his Intended vic
tim, and, drawing a revolver, threatened
to kill the entire family. Becoming
alarmed, Beals visited police headquarters
and swore out a warrant for his arrest for
insanity. He was found at his home on I
Tehama street and taken to the Receiving i
Hospital, where he was placed in a pad
ded cell.
It Is said that Smith was recently dis
charged from the Napa insane asylum.
The famous old JEHSE MOORE WHISKT !•
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It Is pur*.
Father MacCorry on Individuality.
The initial lecture of the Young Men's
Institute Central Lecture Bureau series
will be delivered at Metropolitan Temple !
on Monday evening, January 9, under the
auspices of Ignatian Council No. 35, by
Rev. Father MacCorry, on the subject of
"Individuality. " Father MacCorry is a
member of the Paulist Community and a
recent arrival from New York, where he
enjoyed the reputation of being one of
the most eloquent clergymen In the me
tropolis. Tickets for the lecture are now
ready for distribution, and may be ob
tained at the Young Men's Institute head
quarters in the Pioneer building, or from
any member of Ignatian Council.
Best families, use only KalnLer Export Beer.
Clear and strengthening . Old Ports and Sher
ries our specialty. Mild Atlas . Bourbon - un
surpassable Moons & fc»lteabach, 29 Market.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 31, IS9B.
DR. YOORSANGER PROPOSED
FOR BERKELEY'S PRESIDENT
WHILE Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger
has said nothing publicly with
reference to the proposition of
his name for the exalted posi
tion of president of the University of
California, his friends discuss the sub
ject in an interesting and logical man
ner. First as to his attitude in not
seeking the place: second, his qualifi
cations, and third, the duty he owes
to the calling he now honors. As to
his abilities, all concede that he pos
ssea all the qualities and learning that
are requisites of such an office. The
question arises as to whether, if calk 1
upon, he would abandon the career i._
which he has met with such marked
success. In speaking of the momen
tous matter last evening one of
Rabbi Yoorsanger's most intimate as
sociates, a rabbi, said:
"Of course, it is known that the uni
versity has been for some time look
HER MOTHER DID NOT
MEAN ALL SHE SAID
Young Herman Westerfeld Jr. and Zelda Ray
mond Elope at a Parent's Word, but
Are Stopped at Stockton.
HERMAN WESTERFELD JR., a
son of Herman Westerfeld, one of
the proprietors of the Potrero
Yeast and Vinegar Company, 230
Kenrny street, and Miss Zelda Raymond,
residing at 1033 Golden Gate avenue, de
cided that fate intended that their lives
and fortunes should be cast together.
This decision was arrived at about one
year ago, but as they were only 18 and 15
years old respectively the mother of the
young lady thought otherwise. The
chains of love which bound their hearts
together would not loosen, however, and
their brains were set to work weaving
out devices by which they could surmount
parental objections. According to the
young man's story he threatened elope
ment on several occasions, and the moth
er stoutly Informed him that she cared
little what course he pursued. It Is re
ported that about four days ago they
took advantage of Mrs. Raymond's In
difference and sought to leave the city
and its troubles far behind. This attempt
was frustrated by the appearance of
Westerfeld Sr., who captured his son's
valise and turned his footsteps homeward.
Thursday afternoon the trend of events
ran more in their favor, and they were
successful in taking passage to Stockton
unhindered. Their honeymoon ended
abruptly yesterday morning, notwith
standing their precautions, when a police
officer, acting under Instructions from
this city, arrested them and detained
them In the private office of Chief Gall.
]>Ast evening the father of the boy tele
graphed a request that- they be returned
to San Francisco, and Captain Kings
bury of Stockton left with them on the
afternoon train. Upon their arrival here
both were taken to the central station
and the young lady was placed In charge
ing for a successor to ex-President
Kellogg, but it must be understood
that Mr. Voorsanger was not respon
sible for the proposition of his name to
the Regents, nor is he to be regarded
as n declared candidate for the place,
As a matter of fact, it is to be ques
tioned whether or not he would accept
Jt unless he should be convinced that
it was a public duty. Then I believe
he win!.] have sincere regret at aban
doning the brilliant career he is now
pursuing.
"It should be remembered that
Rabbi Yoorsanger has for the past
twenty-five years devoted all his
tlm% and his great energies to one
object, and it is unnecessary to say
that he has won a proud position in
his chosen calling. At the same time
he Is still struggling for greater
achievements, and is one of the hard
est workers I nave ever seen.
of the matron of the prison. Young Wes
terfeld made the following statement:
"1 have been going with the girl over
a year. I asked her mother's consent to
marry her some time ago, but she told
me to wait a while. I guess she wanted
to see if I meant business. I told her at
the time that if she would not let us get
married that we would run away. This
statement only caused her to reply that
she did not care what we did. I asked
her mother again on Sunday, and she
made the same response, so we took her
at her word. I met the girl at 1 o'clock
yesterday afternoon and we made some
purchases around town. I packed up my
duds and sent them to the wharf and
then took one of the river boats. When
we started we did not know where we
were going. We just wanted to get out
or the city long enough for the thing
to blow over, after which we intended to
return and settle down."
Westerfeld claimed that they were mar
ried before they left this city and regis
tered on the Dauntless Thursday night
as H. Stone and wife. They evidently
intended returning to the city, as they
had engaged the same stateroom for the
return trip of the boat last evening.
San Francisco, Dec. 27.
To the Secretary, Board of
Begents, IT. C, Berkeley,
Cal. — Dear Sir: As one of the
alumni of the University of
California, class of '68, I feel
that it is not presumptuous
for me to suggest a nomina
tion for the presidency, now
vacant. I will suggest the
name of Dr. Jacob Voorsanger
of San Francisco, and request
that the name may be referred
to your special committee ap
pointed to consider che sub
ject. If given an opportunity
to do so I will undertake to
explain my reasons with,
pleasure, believing as I do
that both the State and the
university would be benefited
by the election of the doctor,
if he can be prevailed upon to
accept. Yours respectfully,
CHAS. A. WETMOBE,
Occidental Hotel, San Francisco
University of. California,
Berkeley,
Alameda County, Cal.
December 28, 1898.
Mr. Charles A. Wetmore,
Occidental Hotel, San Fran
cisco — Dear Sir: I beg leave
to acknowledge receipt of your
letter of the 27th inst., and
will say that the same will bo
placed in the hands of the
special committee on the Be
lection of a president of the
university. Yours truly.
W. A. McKOWEN,
Acting Secretary Board of
Begents.
"Wher It 1b considered that he is
the honored and beloved leader of one
of the wealthiest and most Influential
congregations In our country and has
rich promise of a wider career, it
can be realized how hard It would be
for him at this time to change radi
cally the course of his life and en
gage in a secular pursuit, no mat
ter how splendid the position
might be.
"Notwithstanding his attainments. I
believe he would be frigi.i-ened if
called upon to enter the duties of an
exacting office. Still, while realizing
the varied requirements of the presi
dency of that famous institution, I
am confident that if the burden were
placed upon him he would be found to
possess the necessary learning, execu
tive and diplomatic ability to conduct
the office with honor to the State and
himself."
FLYING FROM
AN OLD CHARGE
OF FORGERY
Police Searching for
Harry Luke.
HE IS WELL CONNECTED
SUPPOSED TO HAVE BEACHED
THIS CITY.
His Whereabouts Disclosed by a
a Letter Received From Him
by One of His Cred
itors.
Chief Lees yesterday received a dis
patch from the police of Butte City,
Mont, asking him to arrest Harry Luke,
who, with his wife and child, arrived here
Beveral days ago. Luke is wanted for
forgery.
The police of Butte City are very anx
ious to get him, and have wired Chief
Lees to spare no expense in running him
down. From this the police here are sat
isfied that Luke is wanted on more than
one charge of forgery.
Last night the following dispatch con
cerning him was received from Montana:
BUTTE, Mont., Dec. 30.— Harry Luke is
wanted In Butte for forging the name of Hon.
William Owsley to a note for $75. Young Luke
belongs to a well-known and prominent family
In Helena. A few months ago he came to
Butte and shortly after his arrival he sold a
note to Abe Itkin, a pawnbroker. The note
was for only $75, ran for sixty days, and bore
the well-known name of Mr. Owsley, in addi
tion to that of Luke. When it became due
Luke had disappeared and Itkin asked Owsley
to pay It. Owsley pronounced his name on the
note a forgery, but Itkin brought suit against
him In a justice court and Mr. Owsley again
denied that he had any knowledge of the note
and did not sign it. Itkin lost the case and
then placed the matter in the hands of the au
thorities and they have been looking for young
Luke. The fact that Luke Is well connected
and comes from a prominent Helena family
has made the case of more interest than the
amount involved in the forgery would other
wise have created.
Luke had been in the Insurance business in
Butte for some time before he committed the
forgery. It appenrs that he got the best of
several other parties In Butte for various
amounts and It is said that he has been kept
out of trouble before on account of his family.
The fact that he Is In San Francisco was dis
closed yesterday by a letter received from him
by one of his creditors.
■ The Holiday Wasp.
In bright new colors the Wasp observes
the advent of the new year. Its cover de
sign is particularly artistic. The regular
contributions of jokes and sketches line
its pages, in addition to special New
Year's features, with full-page cartoons
In several colors. A musical review of the
year is made by R. A. Lucchesi, the thea
ters are commented upon in light and un
conventional strain, and Teresa Doane
contributes a few New Year's reflections
culled from the society notes of twelve
months. Announcement is made that the
Wasp for the ensuing year will be more
pretty and succinct than ever, and the
greetings of the season that it extends to
its readers will, It is to be hoped, be cor
diaJly returned. Prosper the Wasp for '99.
A New Year's Change.
To-morrow the Crystal Palace Saloon
at 6 Kearny and 12 Geary streets passes
into the hands of I. Deutch, who has ac
quired the ownership.
Mr. Deutch will carry a new and com
plete stock of imported wines and liquors,
fend will give his personal attention, as
iurfng to bear the same business tact and
(tourteoy heretofore shown bis patrons. *
ADVERTISEMENT^ '
m stores p«
{ JS — rit^n^. *-.*mn'Z~~^ /^ closed Monday: M
~^"^ get horns to toot the M
old year out and masks H
to dance the new year in! ||
you'll touch a warm spot in your 1
wife's heart if you give her such a new 1
year's gift as an eiderdown comforter: I
eiderdown, understand; not wool, op fluff, op H
half-an'-half, not white cotton op any other f|
"just as good," but eiderdown. i
take your ehoioe of twenty: see the old fj
year's price shaved down to new year's fig- p
ures: want to know why: we are stock- t|
taking, and the more we sell to-day the less 1
figuring to do— and a bigger deposit I E
6 full size eiderdown comforters, rp ||
covered with figured sateen tO-day p^ / i
both sides, old price $3.45, H* |
3 full size eiderdown comforters, rp w lk ||
figured sateen both sides, old to-day 1 1
price $4.00, 4* ** |
4 full size eiderdown comforters, rp H* 1
figured silk and sateen covered, to-day f 1
old price $7.50, 4^*^ 1
7 full size eiderdown comforters, • Q* /"\ |
figured silk covering, handsome tO-day I!
ruffled edge, old price $12, 4"* *** |
horns, a nickel and a dime! 1
masks for the ball, to puzzle all! 1
San Francisco's greatest mail-order honse! 1
937-939-941-943-945-947 Market St. I
we'r* grown in '98: , O
watch us in '99. B
SHANNON WILL
HAVE TO FIGHT
FOR HIS LEGACY
Squabble for A. M.
Wickes' Property.
UNDUE INFLUENCE INTIMATED
THERE ARE TWO WILLS AND
TWO LEGATEES.
Mrs. J. G. Clark as President of the
King's Daughters Will
Contest Shannon's
Claim.
When Mrs. A. M. Wickes died at Fabio
la Hospital on November 5 of this year,
and five days later her will was filed for
probate, the reading public of Oakland
and San Francisco was surprised to find
that J. M. Shannon, her attendant physi
cian at the hospital, was made the sole
legatee of an estate that exceeded $50,000
in value. That is but a single portion of
the story, the most interesting and sen
sational incidents of which will soon be
aired in court. Before Dr. Shannon Is
vested with the title to the property be
queathed him he will be forced into a le
gal battle by Mrs. J. G. Clark, the well
known philanthropist of this city and the
president of the King's Daughters.
Mrs. Clark is also a claimant to the
same property, but under a different will.
one made and executed by A. M. Wickes,
who for four years preceding his demise,
which occurred on December 24 last, was
an inmate of the King's Daughters' Home
in this city. He bequeathed nis entire es
tate consisting of 640 acres of fertile land
in Fresno County, valued at $S5 an acre,
to Mrs. J. G. Clark as president of the
King's Daughters. Which of the two
wills the law will determine valid is a
question for judicial solution, over which
perhaps the courts of both Oakland and
San Francisco wili be obliged to labor.
A. M. Wickes, who was 62 years of age at
the time of his death, was for a long time
clerk of the Grand Hotel. He was frugal
and saving, putting aside a portion of his
earnings for real estate investment. The
f4O acres in Fresno County are valued at
$f>4,400, the management of which passed
to Mrs. Wickes when her husband bought
a life entrance to the King's Daughters'
Home four years ago. The reason of his
desire to become an inmate was that he
suffered from loeomotor ataxia and
wished constant attention. At no time
did he show any lapses of mind or indica
tions of insanity.
In September of this year Mrs. Wickes
became ill and entered Fabiola Hospital
where Dr. J. M. Shannon attended her
It appears that she was desirous of join
ing her husband at the King's Daughters'
Home and had made an application to
Mrs. Clark with that intention. Mrs
Clark wrote to the Fabiola physician
inquiring about the nature of Mrs
Wickes' illness, but received no reply, and
the wife of the old hotel clerk remained
at the hosnital.
"On October 5," said Mrs. Clark yester
day afternoon, "I visited Mrs. Wickes at
the hospital. I found her in a wretched
mental condition. She grasped me in her
arms, crying: 'He's got it all: he's got it
all now. I couldn't help myself. What
, AQ c USHER /
LONDON n
sf^, 77 "^ euHuvti-*^ ■
SPECIAL EDINBURGH ;RES ERVE|
W» WOLFF & CO. PACIFIC COAST AGEt/TS.
. \ SAN FRANCISCO, CAL
-will poor Wickes do?* It was on this date
that she signed the will which left the
property to Dr. J. M. Shannon.
"At any rate Dr. Shannon will not g-et
the money. Mr. Wickes died after his
wife and, even admitting that the proper
ty was controlled by her while he was an
inmate of the home, it reverted to him
upon her death. The property was be
queathed to me for the benefit of tho
Home and I think the courts will settle it
that way. For four years I was a devoted
friend to Mr. WicKe's, and he always
said that I was to have the estate. The
matter is now in the hanus of my attor
ney. The hearing for the probate of Mrs.
"Wiokes' will was called, but has been,
postponed three times. It was an awful
thing to do and I think that undue influ
ence was brought to bear upon the poor
woman, who was bed-ridden the time she
made the will leaving her husband's
property to Dr. Shannon."
EVICT MOTHER AND CHILDREN
Turned Out of a Cheerless Home on
Tehama Street.
Secretary Wadham of the Eureka So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children investigated tne case of the
family of Joseph Murray, at 31 Tehama
street, yesterday afternoon. The husband
has long been neglecting his wife and
five children and spending his earnings
in drink. When Secretary 1 Wadham
reached the house he found that a Dep
uty Sheriff had moved all the furnituro
of the little home out on the sidewalk
upon a writ of ejectment issued by the
court in the name of Miss F. E. Madison
and sister and sued for by Madison &
Burke. It was learned that two months
will be due on January 5, so there is real
ly but one month owing now. The chil
dren are respectively 9, 8, 5 and 3 years,
and there is a little tot of 20 months who
is seriously ill with measles, but that
did not prevent the owner of the premises
from throwing them out on the street
for rton-payment of the small sum of $S.
Secretary Parnell learned that the hus
band was working at Broadway
wharf, and he immediately went down
there and placed him under arrest for
failure to provide. He will be summarily
dealt with. For months he has never
brought anything home to eat and hi 9
family has been living on the charity of
the neighbors. Mrs. Murray is a worthy
woman, who works when she can, but
hor five children require her constant
ci re, especially the little one who Is sick.
Some friends took the six unfortunate
ones to their home, -where they will be
taken care of temporarily. Secretary
Wadham will endeaver to have the young
ones placed in some public institution
and thinks the mother will be able to
take care of herself. As for the father a.
term in jail will probably bring him to a
realizing sense of his responsibilities.
Booker T. Washington, the
most talented negro in the
South, tells how the dark
shinned races of our new colo
nies should ' be governed, in
next Sunday's Call.
Charles Irwln Held to Answer.
Charles Irwin, who was arrested In
Napa a few days ago for making coun
terfeit silver* coin, waived examination
yesterday before United States Commis
sioner Heacock and was held to answer
before the Grand Jury, with bonds fixed
at $2500. Not having the amount of the
bonds in good coin he was remanded to
jail.
Why pay 50c for a 25c dinner when
you can get a 50c dinner for 25c.
Chicken, Icecream, wine, etc. The Rals
ton, 783 Market street. •
Unable to Appear.
Mrs. Clarisse Portoise. the dressmaker,
charged with petty larceny for stealing
some handkerchiefs and ribbon from the
Emporium, was unable to appear in Judge
Low's court yesterday morning; and at
the request of her attorney, who gaid sha
was sick, tho case was continued till
January 5.